74) 2) dialog: Where's the other one, Johnson?
74) 4) dialog: You couldn't leave well enough alone,  could you, old man? (resigned) Our orders are to run you two off.  If you tell us where your son is, we  won't have to do any shooting.
74) 6) dialog: Not this time. I got my orders.
74) 7) text: Ezra thinks a moment, looks over at Scruffy, then back to Hoyt.
74) 9) dialog: That's too bad. You'll have to go by  yourself.
82) 53) text: UP ON THE ROOF of the farmhouse, Carol is yelling and  gesturing to her oblivious father below, while her Friend stares frozen into the night. Jake is wiping his brow as he stands at the edge of the  dancers. He looks up at Carol quizzically. Only now do we hear it, over the din of the music: the TH of hooves. Out of the night, streaming around the farm  buildings, comes a horde of masked Cowboys, McKendrick's  men. They send up a horrible yell and begin firing their  weapons in the air. Their arrival is so sudden that the celebrants are frozen their places, mothers hugging children to them, men far f their weapons. There are SCREAMS. Emmett grabs a panicked child from the path of the horses and moves back, passing her to Hannah. He's trying to gau his response in the midst of all these innocents. Two Cowboys have roped opposite ends of a section of fenc and now pull the deadly drag, already thick with ravaged  corn, through the barnyard, knocking over everything in i path. Jake slides through the chaos toward his gunbelt, hung on peg on the barn wall. A Cowboy pulls the gate from the pigsty, and the pigs squ out. Another Cowboy begins shooting them with a Henry rif On the roof, Carol looks in horror at the death of her pr sow. Emmett is herding as many Settlers as he can toward the c of the barn. Bradley edges toward the door of his farmhouse. Hobart is urging some women between two wagons. A Cowboy  rides by and kicks him viciously. Hoyt pulls up, looks around, then gestures to some of his men. Two Cowboys with prepared torches in their hands rid up to the bonfire and swing low, lighting their firebrand One moves ahead toward the farmhouse, reins his horse, an heaves the torch high in the air toward the roof on which the two children perch. In the air, the tumbling flame suddenly explodes at the R of a shotgun. Sparks shower harmlessly to the ground. Bradley has shot it out of the air with one barrel of his shotgun. The blast has created a momentary, shocked lull the attack. Bradley looks wild. Emmett watches, fearful. His hand is on his gun. Hoyt looks at Bradley. Bradley swings the shotgun around  toward the other torch-bearer. The Cowboy who tossed the first torch shoots Bradley dead Carol screams. Emmett looks across the yard at Jake, who steps out from cowering homesteaders, a gun in each hand. Emmett draws a kills the man who shot Bradley. Now all the Settlers hit dirt. Jake fires from both hands repeatedly. One Cowboy dies an another takes it in the arm. The man who was shooting the pigs swings his rifle around toward Jake, and Emmett kill him with one shot. Hoyt reacts big to the presence of deadly wolves in the m of these sheep. He peers through the tumult, trying to se their faces. His Cowboys are shooting wildly into the cro now, but he rides through them, signalling a retreat. Emmett jumps from the top of a fence to the roof of the h the Henry rifle in his hand. He scrambles to the peak of roof, where the two children still cower. Bracing the rif on the chimney, he takes careful aim. Once... twice... he fires. One Cowboy dead, one wounded and fleeing. Hannah runs up to the riderless horse of a fallen Cowboy pulls a rifle from its scabbard. She cocks it and fires o at the retreating Cowboys. Jake mounts a horse Pony Expre style and rides out of the barnyard.
83) 0) text: Augie is standing circus-style on the saddle of the pinto he rides down the alley. As he approaches the main street his foot slips, and he bumps down hard into the saddle. T horse is barely in his control as he bounces out into the busier thoroughfare, and into the path of -- An imposing  phalanx of four horsemen: Hoyt, Scruffy, SWANN, and their boss, ETHAN MCKENDRICK. The pinto shies as the horsemen p up abruptly.
83) 13) text: Hoyt eyes Emmett, who seems familiar. Emmett looks at Swa in such a way that Swann releases the reins of the pinto.
83) 23) dialog: Shut up, Swann.
83) 31) text: Emmett lays the reins of the pinto across the front of  McKendrick's saddle, but they might just as well be a  gauntlet. McKendrick picks them up. He and his men move d the street. Emmett walks over and takes Augie beneath his arm. DOWN THE STREET. Hoyt rides close to McKendrick but looks back over his shoulder.
83) 32) dialog: Mr. McKendrick, he was one of them  last night at Bradley's.
109) 0) text: A masked man (Hoyt) steadies Jake, hands bound behind his back, on one of the horses Red and the Watching Cowboy ha brought up to the front of the house. Another of the men  (Scruffy) is just coming out onto the porch.
111) 0) text: Jake reacts in anguish and twists in his saddle. Hoyt poi a cocked gun at him.
146) 2) text: ON THE RISE. Red and the Sentry Cowboy tear toward the  oncoming cattle. They fire their guns repeatedly in the a trying to turn the herd. AT THE CORRAL. Scruffy runs across from the casa grande a joins other Cowboys trying to saddle and mount panicked  horses. Scruffy's horse rears and breaks away from him. ON THE RISE. Red and the Sentry Cowboy are closing with t dust-enshrouded herd, still firing their guns. Suddenly,  from the cloud, there are answering shots. The Sentry Cow is shot dead off his horse. Emerging like a spirit from the dust at the edge of the h comes Emmett, six-gun in hand. On the other side of the herd, Paden's form materializes. aims his Winchester and fires. Red's horse rears. Red goe down and the herd pounds over him. AT THE BUNKHOUSE. Hoyt comes out the door, buckling on hi gunbelt. He looks at the on-rushing stampede, then toward the corral where several Cowboys are swinging up on their horses. Suddenly, there is gunfire from the roof of the  bunkhouse above Hoyt. One of the Cowboys in the corral go down. Another draws his gun and lifts it toward the bunkh but is shot before he can fire. The other Cowboys head fo cover. Hoyt stops some men who are coming out the door be him, and edges out to try to locate the source of the fir ON THE VERANDA. McKendrick comes out of the casa grande a runs to the corner of the veranda nearest the rise. He ta in the stampede, which is almost upon them now, then hear gunfire to his right. He looks back there and sees Mal on the bunkhouse roof, above Hoyt and firing from the protec of the raised rim. Now Mal swings his rifle around toward McKendrick. McKendrick jumps around the corner of the hou as the wall where he was standing takes a hit. SERIES OF SHOTS. The stampede hits the ranch. The herd sp the mass of cattle heading between the casa grande and th bunkhouse/corral area; the rest go around behind the casa grande. They take down everything in their way. Fences fa holding pens are destroyed, horses run free, and Cowboys  scramble away from the deadly current of rampaging cattle NEAR THE BARN. Paden pulls up on the edge of the flow and fires repeatedly at the Cowboys scrambling for safety. Sw is among those hit. BEHIND THE CASA GRANDE. Emmett pulls his horse out of the flow, protected by the building, then dismounts, ties the horse, and runs up to the back door of the house. He thro away the empty, extra six-gun in his hand as he looks  carefully inside. He draws his own gun and goes in. NEAR THE BARN. Paden is coming under increasing fire from the bunkhouse as the cattle thin. He rides into the barn the end of the corral. AT THE BUNKHOUSE. Hoyt directs some of his men, including Scruffy, to work their way along under the eaves of the  bunkhouse and go after Paden. Hoyt glances upward toward sound of Mal's rifle.
153) 0) text: AT THE BUNKHOUSE. Hoyt is hugging the side wall of the  bunkhouse. He warily looks around the back corner. WHAT HE SEES. Mal's horse is tethered near a stack of cra and barrels that rises almost to the roof.
157) 0) text: BACK OF THE BARN. Paden rides out, but pulls up when he  notices that Jake is not following. He is about to go bac when something catches his eye. WHAT HE SEES. Hoyt is just climbing onto the roof of the  bunkhouse, catty-corner from Mal's position. Paden squeezes off a shot, but Hoyt has already disappear from view. Paden looks along the bunkhouse, where he can Mal firing. Mal is protected at present from Hoyt by the chimney he is braced against. But if he isn't warned, Hoy will surprise him. A Cowboy in the bunkhouse spots Paden fires at him. Paden must warn Mal quickly. Yelling is hop in the din. Paden aims carefully at Mal and fires. AT MAL. The chimney is hit just above Mal's head. He swin his rifle around toward -- Paden! Paden signals wildly ab Hoyt. Mal understands just in time: he flops around the  chimney just as Hoyt gets a bead on him. Without knowing Mal avenges his father's murder. Hoyt is blown off the ro The bulk of the herd has passed, but confused cattle are  everywhere. AT THE VERANDA. Jake has ridden across the open area unde heavy fire and now rides for protection up and onto the s veranda of the house, firing into all the windows. His  momentum carries him all the way out the other end. When is beyond the porch, he hears a yell, two voices --