64) 0) text: The land office is in the front of the first floor of the Hollis home, a separate, two-story structure on a side st Now we're looking down the porch as KATE HOLLIS embraces brothers, Emmett and Jake. Her big, bear-like, gentle hus J.T., comes out to add his greetings. After the laying on hands, the attention of all four is drawn to the doorway a figure we cannot yet see. Now he steps shyly into view: eleven-year-old AUGIE. Jake makes a show of shaking Augie's hand, man to man. Emmett  kneels to greet him at eye level; the boy's grown a lot i five years.
68) 0) text: The group is finishing dinner in the kitchen/sitting room the back of the ground floor. Augie is tooting the carved whistle pipe that Emmett has given him. Kate and Emmett b to clear the dishes as Jake and J.T. continue to sit.
68) 2) dialog: We got a bad situation here, and  those homesteaders you brought in  with you are going to make it worse. (indicates front of  house) When they come into this office to  stake their claims, I think it's  going to be the start of real trouble.  They're going to cut McKendrick off  on the north.
68) 4) dialog: Half the gunslingers that drift into  town turn up on our police force.
68) 6) text: J.T. pulls a bottle of whiskey from a cabinet and sets up three glasses, but Kate pantomimes for him to add one for her.
68) 12) dialog: The problem is, Emmett, you killed  the wrong McKendrick.
68) 17) dialog: His son is worse than he was. He's  smoother, so you don't always hear  him coming, but he'll do anything to  keep his range free.
84) 0) text: J.T. supervises the newly-arrived Settlers as they file t homestead claims. There is a battle-weary but resolved ai to the group after the night attack. They are going to st it out. The last step in the filing process is to sign in large register. Mr. Parker signs and moves away. Hannah s up for her turn. Her face is a little harder today, but h hand is steady.
107) 0) text: In the light of Jake's lamp he sees: four masked men have Kate, J.T., and Augie gagged and held at gunpoint. The li boy is in his nightshirt. For one long moment Jake seems be considering a play. McKendrick is the one with the gun Jake's head.
110) 0) text: Inside only two masked men remain, McKendrick and Swann.  J.T. watches them with hostile eyes. Swann notices Kate  peering out the window at Jake.
110) 3) text: McKendrick has been looking thoughtfully at the ledgers a records shelved around the land office. Now he picks up t lamp Jake brought into the room. It lights his eyes above the bandana mask. They lock with J.T.'s . McKendrick heav the lamp into the shelves. Kerosene flames engulf the led McKendrick starts to move toward the door. J.T. snaps. He picks up a heavy register book and hurtles with enormous force, hitting McKendrick in the back of th head and knocking him down. J.T. dives for McKendrick's g Kate watches in terror, then sees Swann point his gun at scrambling J.T. She grabs Swann's arm, and his gun fires  into the floor. J.T. comes up with McKendrick's gun and fires quickly at  Swann, who has thrown off Kate. Swann, hit in the shoulde crashes back through a window and out onto the porch.
112) 0) text: Scruffy, back at the door now, fires twice into J.T., sla his big body backward against the base of a counter. Kate's scream is muffled by her gag. Augie, eyes wide, da to his father's body, but rather than embrace him, he pri the gun from J.T.'s fingers and raises it toward Scruffy. Kate sees what's happening and leaps at Scruffy. He vicio pistol-whips her. Her unconscious, falling body knocks th gun from Augie's hand. McKendrick is straightening now, his head clearing. His  bandana has fallen from his face. He looks in horror at t wounded Hollises. Augie stares at his revealed face. Scruffy's gun is cocked and pointed at Augie.
115) 0) text: In among the flames a bleeding Kate is desperately trying drag J.T.'s inert bulk to the door. Paden reaches her, pi her up, and runs out. Two neighbors pass him on their way J.T.
116) 5) text: Paden reacts to this, then turns as the two neighbors lay J.T.'s body nearby.
118) 2) text: Cobb, Tyree, and Kyle appear from the shadows. Cobb takes the scene and spots J.T. being carried across the street. motions Tyree over to investigate, then moves toward the  fire. Slick and Rae arrive within the light of the blaze. Slick watches with detached interest, but Rae's gaze quickly lo on Cobb moving through the chaos. She sees him now with n eyes. Phoebe, crying, watches as J.T.'s limp body is hurried of on a stretcher, DR. SKINNER in attendance. She turns and face to face with Tyree, who grasps her arms. She regards him with revulsion and fear, then breaks from him and run off. Cobb moves up next to Paden.
185) 7) text: Paden gives him a nod. Kate and Augie roll up in a buggy. the back seat, a blanket across his legs, sits J.T. They  wait for the brothers. Augie drives for his recovering mo Stella comes out and stands by Phoebe. Hannah is now standing next to Paden. Emmett looks at the as though they were a couple.
186) 0) text: Emmett and Jake take turns leaning down from their saddle to kiss Kate and Augie and shake hands with J.T.