24) 0) text: A lean, young man is bouncing around his cell, playing ha sack, keeping a small, leather, bean bag from falling to floor by kicking it with his bare feet. This is JAKE. Langston opens the door to the cellblock and speaks over shoulder to Emmett and Paden, who have removed their guns
24) 2) text: At the sight of Emmett, Jake's face lights up. And then h does an extraordinary thing: with one long stride he is a the cell and into the air; he hits the bars halfway up an clings like a monkey. Paden reacts as if he is one.
24) 3) dialog: Emmett! Am I glad to see you!
24) 5) dialog: You got me. This is a crazy town,  Emmett. I think we ought to get out  of here.
24) 6) text: Jake lowers himself and darts about as he talks.
24) 7) dialog: All I did was kiss a girl.
24) 9) dialog: Yeah, I kissed a girl and this guy  didn't like it and we had some words,  so I decided to get out of there.
24) 10) text: Jake looks at Emmett as though that should make it perfec clear. Emmett waits.
24) 11) dialog: So I did, I got out of there, I don't  want no trouble. You know me. (indeed, Emmett does) So I walked out on the street and  the fella tried to shoot me in the  back.
24) 13) dialog: No, no, no! I winged him, and he  dropped his gun.
24) 16) dialog: Well, no, not exactly. See then his  friend opened up on me.
24) 18) dialog: The one with the shotgun.
24) 22) dialog: (after a moment,  quieter now) Honest to God, Emmett, he would've  killed me.
24) 28) dialog: Emmett, can't you help me?
24) 31) text: Jake remembers. It makes him gloomy.
24) 33) text: Jake's eyes flick over Emmett, but his expression doesn't change.
24) 37) text: Emmett walks out. Jake watches as the other two follow.
27) 0) text: Paden is brusquely deposited in the cell next to a surpri Jake by Sheriff Langston and DEPUTY BLOCK.
27) 3) dialog: That's what I told 'em.
29) 0) text: Paden forlornly regards a snoring drunk in another cell a Jake talks to him.
29) 1) dialog: You mean you ain't coming with Emmett  and me?
29) 3) dialog: Sure we are. We're leaving at dawn.
29) 5) dialog: (bubbly) Yeah, that's what happened with me  too.
29) 7) dialog: (same for him) Right!
31) 0) text: Paden steps close to the bars that separate the cells and looks up at Jake, who is dangling at arm's length from on of the overhead bars in his cell.
31) 2) text: Jake drops down to the floor.
31) 3) dialog: He ain't coming in, we're going out. (motions) Gimme your belt.
31) 5) dialog: Didn't he tell you about Blind Pete?
31) 7) dialog: Blind Pete taught me a great trick.
31) 8) text: Jake grasps Paden's belt by the buckle and snaps it at Pa with a CRACK, like a lion tamer.
35) 0) text: Block moves cautiously to where he can see the cells. A  strange look crosses his face. Jake is hanging by the neck from the overhead bars, two b forming the noose, his head at a disgusting angle from hi body. One foot gives a final twitch and he is still.
35) 5) text: Paden, sincerely desperate now, looks up at Jake, whose f is turning blue.
35) 9) text: Paden moves back quickly, motioning for Block to hurry. B holsters his six-gun, opens Jake's cell door, and goes in He gets up on the cot, pulling a knife from a sheath. He  strains up against Jake's body, stretching to cut the bel Suddenly Jake can stand it no longer: he sputters to life his long-held breath blasting in Block's face. Block,  startled, stumbles backwards off the cot, raising the kni threateningly. Jake grabs the overhead bars, swings up, a kicks Block in the chest. The deputy careens across the c and hits the bars. He throws the knife outside the cell a draws his gun, ready to shoot Jake. As Block's finger pulls the trigger, Paden's thumb intrud between the hammer and the firing pin. Paden has reached  through the bars behind Block to grasp the gun with his r hand. Now with his left he grabs a handful of Block's hai and slams the deputy's head hard back against the bars. A Block slides unconscious to the floor, Paden keeps the gu wincingly uncocking it.
35) 11) text: Jake has unhooked himself and is freeing his makeshift no He rubs his reddened neck.
35) 12) dialog: (a hoarse whisper) Right.
37) 0) text: Paden and Jake come out warily. The street is deserted. P straps his holster on; he's glad to have it back at last. Not as glad, however, as Jake, who seems to have a nearly religious relationship with his rig, an elaborately toole double gunbelt with two pearl-handled Colts.
37) 1) dialog: That's the longest I ever did it.  'Bout bust a gut.
37) 3) dialog: We wait.
37) 4) text: The two men move carefully off the porch and into the str A wood stair goes up the outside of the jail to a door. N high behind Jake, Deputy Kern comes out, nightshirt flapp cocking the carbine in his hands. He has thumped down fiv steps before he focuses on Jake and Paden. He starts to r the carbine. Both men see the deputy, but Jake's reaction is so fast t Paden need only watch. Jake spins and, before he has stop both his Colts are erupting in his hands. The carbine fli out of Kern's grasp and clatters down the steps. Jake  continues to fire -- the stair at Kern's foot splinters a he steps backwards and up. Jake continues to splinter the steps at Kern's feet, until he has made the deputy exactl retrace his steps and retreat back through the door. The  firing stops. Paden gives Jake an odd look. Paden may have seen someone this fast and good before, but he can't remember it. He p his finger to his lips -- "shhh".
37) 6) dialog: (reloading fast) He'll be here.
37) 7) text: A bullet WHIZZES between the two men as we hear shots fro the far end of the street. Langston is coming toward them firing. They move back to the cover of the jail porch. ALLEY ACROSS THE STREET. Emmett roars into view, riding h horse and leading two others: Paden's bay and the pinto. A window above the jail breaks open and Kern starts firin at Emmett. DOWN THE STREET. Langston, behind a wagon, uses a British two-handed grip to fire off a few rounds. Emmett brings the horses over, and Paden swings quickly u Jake focuses his attention, unleashing a fusillade as Emm leads the pinto along the front of the jail.
37) 9) text: DOWN THE STREET. Langston lifts his head from behind the bullet-pocked wagon. He's impressed. Jake runs along the porch, hits the top of the hitching p on the fly, and takes off, landing lightly in the saddle the pinto. The three men gallop out of town in a cloud of dust.
40) 0) text: The three men come thundering along a dusty trail to the  place where it splits. The high road disappears up the si of a ridge; the low road is really the bed of an arroyo. three men exchange looks. Paden plunges into the arroyo.  Emmett shrugs to Jake, and the brothers follow Paden. INTERCUTTING. The Posse splashes across the stream. The t fugitives twist their way through the crooked arroyo. AT THE SPLIT IN THE TRAIL. Langston pulls his group to a  halt. He looks at the tracks leading into the arroyo, and smile splits his face. He leads the Posse up the high roa fast.
41) 0) text: IN THE ARROYO. Paden and Emmett pull up, looking back at  Jake, who has stopped at the last bend in the gully, watc their rear. Now he rides up to the others.
41) 1) dialog: I think we lost 'em.
41) 3) text: Jake shakes his head "no". Paden and Emmett exchange long looks. Paden looks to the ground above them, even more  worried.
42) 5) text: WHAT HE SEES. Paden, Emmett, and Jake are now halfway to cover of the distant rocks. Another shot CRACKS, and a pu of smoke appears from ahead of them in the boulders.
42) 9) text: As Paden, Emmett, and Jake disappear among the boulders,  Langston rises high in his stirrups to catch a final glim His bowler is blown off his head. He lowers himself back his saddle.
43) 0) text: Emmett and Paden rein in their frothing horses in the nat bowl of rocks near a tied horse and the remains of a camp Jake has stopped short of them and taken his horse back t peer out toward the Posse. Grinning, he comes back to the others. The three riders bring their horses around and fo on a spot above them. On the top of the highest boulder, Mal leaves a comfortab prone shooting position and eases himself down to a lower rock. A bandolier of .44 bullets dangles from one hand. H rests his Henry rifle at an angle across one shoulder.
43) 1) dialog: (to the others) This a friend of yours?
43) 3) dialog: Who is he?
44) 0) text: An awesome rock spire soars into the perfect blue sky abo the orange desert. The sight is spectacular. The slow sur of MUSIC exhilarating. It is the perfect setting in which see the four horsemen who now appear on a ridge. Here the come -- Riding together, side by side, for the first time -- Emme Paden, Jake, and Mal.
46) 11) dialog: Your next water ain't for three days.
46) 16) text: Emmett and Paden watch Mal with interest. Jake is excited this development. He jumps up on his horse.
46) 17) dialog: I'll go with you, Mal!
46) 18) text: Paden isn't so quick to commit, but then he notices Hanna gazing up at Mal and Jake with radiant admiration. He dig that and moves toward his horse.
46) 22) text: Jake is disappointed, but nods agreement. Emmett turns to Hobart and the Settler posse.
46) 34) text: Emmett smiles and snaps his reins, moving out with Mal.  Reluctantly, Paden follows, twisting around for a last gl of Hannah. WHAT HE SEES. Hannah moves toward Conrad's horse, as if t touch her husband. But Conrad, his face set in suspicion, barely nods farewell as he sweeps by her. She looks after him desolately. Mal, Paden, Emmett, and Conrad ride off to the north, as  Jake begins yelling orders to the Settlers to get things  moving. What he lacks in expertise, he makes up for in  enthusiasm.
57) 0) text: Mal, Emmett, and Jake lounge about a campfire within the  quiet circle of wagons. Emmett is whittling a whistle pip out of a stick.
57) 4) dialog: Chicago! You been to Chicago? Was it  wonderful?
57) 9) text: He concentrates on his coffee and moves away from the lig Mal, Emmett, and Jake exchange amused, knowing looks.
57) 10) dialog: Jeez, Paden, her old man ain't even  cold yet!
59) 0) text: The wagon train splashes noisily across the river, driver yelling loudly to urge on their teams. Emmett, Paden, Mal and Jake, on horseback, direct the crossing.
61) 12) text: The wagon train moves out along the right fork of the roa as Emmett and Jake, waving goodbye, ride straight ahead t town.
62) 0) text: Silverado is a sprawling, active, handsome frontier town, cattle center and supply station for the burgeoning silve mines to the west. Emmett and Jake ride into town.
64) 0) text: The land office is in the front of the first floor of the Hollis home, a separate, two-story structure on a side st Now we're looking down the porch as KATE HOLLIS embraces brothers, Emmett and Jake. Her big, bear-like, gentle hus J.T., comes out to add his greetings. After the laying on hands, the attention of all four is drawn to the doorway a figure we cannot yet see. Now he steps shyly into view: eleven-year-old AUGIE. Jake makes a show of shaking Augie's hand, man to man. Emmett  kneels to greet him at eye level; the boy's grown a lot i five years.
68) 0) text: The group is finishing dinner in the kitchen/sitting room the back of the ground floor. Augie is tooting the carved whistle pipe that Emmett has given him. Kate and Emmett b to clear the dishes as Jake and J.T. continue to sit.
68) 1) dialog: I thought running the land office  would be easy work, J.T., but it  sounds like what you got here ain't  much fun.
68) 9) dialog: You know, Augie, there are no schools  in California.
68) 15) dialog: It was my fault.
79) 0) text: Jake unhitches the pinto and begins to lead it away. Sudd Augie appears from nowhere on the back porch, jumps up to the railing, and leaps out toward the pinto's back -- jus as Jake did in the escape from Turley. But Augie misses a lands in the dirt. Jake, irritated, watches the child dus himself off.
79) 1) dialog: What're you doing? I told you to  practice with a horse that's not  moving.
79) 2) text: Jake turns and starts away. Augie runs after him.
79) 4) dialog: I got things to do, kid. I'm a busy  man.
79) 6) dialog: (stops, looks at him) A grown man can't have a little boy  with him everywhere he goes.
79) 7) text: Jake walks away. Augie watches, then yells --
81) 0) text: The room is crowded but silent, frozen. Near the middle o the bar the sexy, young, saloon girl, PHOEBE, stands  frightened between Jake and Tyree, the mean fellow we saw released at Chimayo -- now a deputy for Sheriff Cobb. The two men appear about to draw.
81) 3) dialog: I don't believe a lady has to explain  anything to a man this ugly.
81) 4) text: Slick watches from a card table nearby, with Rae standing beside him. Now his hand drops casually from the curve of her rear to the vicinity of his boot. Paden and Stella come up on opposite sides of the bar, hi in front. Paden sees everything in the room: Tyree's frie Deputies Kyle and GARTH, are behind Jake and clearly pois to kill him if Tyree fails.
81) 12) dialog: All I did was kiss the girl.
81) 14) dialog: What's the matter, Paden? You afraid  I couldn't get those two behind me?
81) 16) text: Jake looks at Paden, who motions him out with the gun. Ja starts to move grudgingly, but first flashes Phoebe a big "see you later" look. He goes out.
82) 28) text: The two men turn to look at the dancing. It's a festive s all around: tables are laden with food near a large bonfi a few of the covered wagons are pulled up nearby, childre dart about before the pick-up band of musicians. Now we see, here among the sodbusters, whirling by with a comely lass, Jake, looking mighty slim without his double gunbelt. He and his partner glide by Emmett, who stands  shouting over the din with Hannah and Mr. and MRS. PARKER
82) 53) text: UP ON THE ROOF of the farmhouse, Carol is yelling and  gesturing to her oblivious father below, while her Friend stares frozen into the night. Jake is wiping his brow as he stands at the edge of the  dancers. He looks up at Carol quizzically. Only now do we hear it, over the din of the music: the TH of hooves. Out of the night, streaming around the farm  buildings, comes a horde of masked Cowboys, McKendrick's  men. They send up a horrible yell and begin firing their  weapons in the air. Their arrival is so sudden that the celebrants are frozen their places, mothers hugging children to them, men far f their weapons. There are SCREAMS. Emmett grabs a panicked child from the path of the horses and moves back, passing her to Hannah. He's trying to gau his response in the midst of all these innocents. Two Cowboys have roped opposite ends of a section of fenc and now pull the deadly drag, already thick with ravaged  corn, through the barnyard, knocking over everything in i path. Jake slides through the chaos toward his gunbelt, hung on peg on the barn wall. A Cowboy pulls the gate from the pigsty, and the pigs squ out. Another Cowboy begins shooting them with a Henry rif On the roof, Carol looks in horror at the death of her pr sow. Emmett is herding as many Settlers as he can toward the c of the barn. Bradley edges toward the door of his farmhouse. Hobart is urging some women between two wagons. A Cowboy  rides by and kicks him viciously. Hoyt pulls up, looks around, then gestures to some of his men. Two Cowboys with prepared torches in their hands rid up to the bonfire and swing low, lighting their firebrand One moves ahead toward the farmhouse, reins his horse, an heaves the torch high in the air toward the roof on which the two children perch. In the air, the tumbling flame suddenly explodes at the R of a shotgun. Sparks shower harmlessly to the ground. Bradley has shot it out of the air with one barrel of his shotgun. The blast has created a momentary, shocked lull the attack. Bradley looks wild. Emmett watches, fearful. His hand is on his gun. Hoyt looks at Bradley. Bradley swings the shotgun around  toward the other torch-bearer. The Cowboy who tossed the first torch shoots Bradley dead Carol screams. Emmett looks across the yard at Jake, who steps out from cowering homesteaders, a gun in each hand. Emmett draws a kills the man who shot Bradley. Now all the Settlers hit dirt. Jake fires from both hands repeatedly. One Cowboy dies an another takes it in the arm. The man who was shooting the pigs swings his rifle around toward Jake, and Emmett kill him with one shot. Hoyt reacts big to the presence of deadly wolves in the m of these sheep. He peers through the tumult, trying to se their faces. His Cowboys are shooting wildly into the cro now, but he rides through them, signalling a retreat. Emmett jumps from the top of a fence to the roof of the h the Henry rifle in his hand. He scrambles to the peak of roof, where the two children still cower. Bracing the rif on the chimney, he takes careful aim. Once... twice... he fires. One Cowboy dead, one wounded and fleeing. Hannah runs up to the riderless horse of a fallen Cowboy pulls a rifle from its scabbard. She cocks it and fires o at the retreating Cowboys. Jake mounts a horse Pony Expre style and rides out of the barnyard.
82) 56) dialog: There's two more out there walking  home, if they can walk.
95) 0) text: It's quiet here, nobody around. We move up to the hay-loa window at the loft level. Now Jake dives into view, leapi from the hayloft to a beam and flipping completely around it. We hear GIGGLES. Phoebe climbs the ladder onto the lo and looks in wonder at her manic companion, who now flies back onto the loft. They look at each other with hungry  anticipation.
105) 0) text: Jake has put his horse in the little corral behind the Ho house. He whistles as he goes up onto the back porch and the door.
106) 0) text: There is one, dim lamp burning in the room. Jake sails hi hat across the room onto a hook, picks up a match, and li a second lamp. He calls out softly.
106) 1) dialog: Kate?
107) 0) text: In the light of Jake's lamp he sees: four masked men have Kate, J.T., and Augie gagged and held at gunpoint. The li boy is in his nightshirt. For one long moment Jake seems be considering a play. McKendrick is the one with the gun Jake's head.
109) 0) text: A masked man (Hoyt) steadies Jake, hands bound behind his back, on one of the horses Red and the Watching Cowboy ha brought up to the front of the house. Another of the men  (Scruffy) is just coming out onto the porch.
110) 0) text: Inside only two masked men remain, McKendrick and Swann.  J.T. watches them with hostile eyes. Swann notices Kate  peering out the window at Jake.
110) 3) text: McKendrick has been looking thoughtfully at the ledgers a records shelved around the land office. Now he picks up t lamp Jake brought into the room. It lights his eyes above the bandana mask. They lock with J.T.'s . McKendrick heav the lamp into the shelves. Kerosene flames engulf the led McKendrick starts to move toward the door. J.T. snaps. He picks up a heavy register book and hurtles with enormous force, hitting McKendrick in the back of th head and knocking him down. J.T. dives for McKendrick's g Kate watches in terror, then sees Swann point his gun at scrambling J.T. She grabs Swann's arm, and his gun fires  into the floor. J.T. comes up with McKendrick's gun and fires quickly at  Swann, who has thrown off Kate. Swann, hit in the shoulde crashes back through a window and out onto the porch.
111) 0) text: Jake reacts in anguish and twists in his saddle. Hoyt poi a cocked gun at him.
148) 0) text: ON THE VERANDA. McKendrick reacts to the shots behind him his house. He moves toward a window and opens it. ON THE BUNKHOUSE ROOF. Mal switches to his father's Henry and shifts around to fire at some outriding Cowboys who a thundering in from the range. AT THE BARN. Three cowboys dive through the main door in  pursuit of Paden. Scruffy, one of Jake's pearl-handled Co at the ready, sneaks along the side of the barn.
154) 0) text: Paden is in an empty stall part-way down one side of the  barn. The three Cowboys have him pinned down from the fro Paden's horse does a panicky dance in the central aisle. horses in the other stalls are spooked. Scruffy sneaks in the back door of the barn. He peeks aro the wall of a stall at Paden's unprotected back. When he  sees Paden stop to reload his Colt, Scruffy steps out and aims at him. Quite unexpectedly, someone swings down from the loft abo kicking Scruffy and sending him flying into the recess of stall. Now the figure drops into view. It's Jake! He dive after Scruffy. Paden, reloaded now and unaware of the struggle behind hi has to shrink back from a splintering rail. Now he hears muffled shots from the back of the barn. He looks over th After a beat, Jake steps into Paden's view, grinning like maniac and happily buckling his reacquired gunbelt. Paden does a double take. Jake gives him a big "Here I am!" ges then indicates he's going up to the loft again to help ou with the guys up front. But first, with real relish, he c his pearl-handled Colts: he draws both at once, tips them to look into the cylinders, then spins them back into the holsters. Then, with a leap, to the loft.
156) 0) text: There are Cowboys in the first stalls on each side of the barn, and a third in a stall closer to Paden. Jake drops  down from the loft behind the first two, his guns in his  holsters. They both see him and react. Jake draws both gu and shoots one, spins, and shoots the other. The third Cowboy turns to look. His mistake. Paden flies  into view and shoots him dead. Paden approaches Jake with wonder. Jake shows him an ugly bruise where the rope was around his neck. When he speaks it is in a hoarse whisper --
156) 1) dialog: New record.
156) 3) text: Paden catches his horse and swings up. Jake pulls a horse from a stall. It is the much-contested pinto, bare-backed but bridled. Paden rides out the back of the barn.
157) 0) text: BACK OF THE BARN. Paden rides out, but pulls up when he  notices that Jake is not following. He is about to go bac when something catches his eye. WHAT HE SEES. Hoyt is just climbing onto the roof of the  bunkhouse, catty-corner from Mal's position. Paden squeezes off a shot, but Hoyt has already disappear from view. Paden looks along the bunkhouse, where he can Mal firing. Mal is protected at present from Hoyt by the chimney he is braced against. But if he isn't warned, Hoy will surprise him. A Cowboy in the bunkhouse spots Paden fires at him. Paden must warn Mal quickly. Yelling is hop in the din. Paden aims carefully at Mal and fires. AT MAL. The chimney is hit just above Mal's head. He swin his rifle around toward -- Paden! Paden signals wildly ab Hoyt. Mal understands just in time: he flops around the  chimney just as Hoyt gets a bead on him. Without knowing Mal avenges his father's murder. Hoyt is blown off the ro The bulk of the herd has passed, but confused cattle are  everywhere. AT THE VERANDA. Jake has ridden across the open area unde heavy fire and now rides for protection up and onto the s veranda of the house, firing into all the windows. His  momentum carries him all the way out the other end. When is beyond the porch, he hears a yell, two voices --
157) 2) text: Jake looks up with a grin. Emmett has Augie out on the ro of the veranda. They are pleased in the extreme at the si of Jake. Jake brings his horse beneath them and gestures Augie. Augie swallows hard once, strides twice, and leaps out, d and onto the bare back of the pinto behind Jake. Paden comes riding up with Emmett's horse in tow. Emmett  moves to the edge of the veranda roof and drops into his  saddle. He winces, his ribs throbbing. They turn their ho away from the ranch and head out.
164) 0) text: The four horsemen and the boy pull up near the cemetery a look down at Silverado. Jake lowers Augie to the ground.  Emmett hands him a blanket and speaks down to him.
164) 5) dialog: You're on! Let's get 'em!
164) 6) text: Jake kicks the bare-back into motion and tears off direct toward town. Emmett heads off to the left. Paden begins t move after Jake, but slower. Mal stops him with --
169) 0) text: Jake comes riding down the street, waving his hat, WHOOPI and HOLLERING. The few remaining pedestrians run for cove at the sight.
169) 1) dialog: (yelling) Come on out, boys! Jake's in town!  Let's start the ball!
170) 0) text: Jake jumps off the pinto and hitches it in front of the  saloon. As he approaches the entrance, set in the cut-off corner of the building, he executes a fast pirouette, sca down all four blocks that meet here. He finds the doors l and kicks them open with a loud BANG. He goes inside.
173) 0) text: Tyree stops across the street from the Midnight Star and  looks at Jake's horse and the open doors. Across the  intersection Kyle appears at a run. Tyree motions him to around the back of the saloon. Tyree runs across the stre When he is on the porch of the saloon, he pulls his gun a begins edging toward the open doors.
174) 0) text: It's dark in here with the shutters closed. Tyree jumps  inside, gun poised. When Kyle bangs through from the back Tyree almost shoots him. They scan the room and advance  cautiously into the shadows. Nobody here. Now they back o eyeing the dark stairwell. When they are safely on the porch, Tyree motions for Kyle go down one side of the building while he starts down the other. Jake appears from beneath Stella's ramp behind the bar an vaults lightly over the bar. In a moment he stands just i the open doorway. He peeks out, then turns so his back is the outside, his guns still holstered.
175) 0) text: Jake backs quietly out onto the porch. When he stops, he see both Tyree and Kyle moving along their respective por
175) 1) dialog: Hey!
175) 2) text: Tyree and Kyle spin at the sound. Only then does Jake dra both guns and, pointing them in two completely different  directions, he shoots both men at once.
184) 0) text: Four shot glasses sparkle in a line on the bar. A bottle the good stuff is used to fill them. Stella is pouring the drinks from behind the bar. Now the glasses are lifted by Mal, Jake, Paden, and Emmett. Stell holds up the bottle and proposes a toast --
185) 0) text: Phoebe stands on the porch talking across to Rae, much  recovered, who sits on the seat of a wagon heavily loaded with farming supplies. Rae wears a simple dress and looks quite different. The men come out onto the porch. Emmett shakes Mal's hand and watches him climb onto the wagon. Mal gets the wagon  going, and the other wave. Jake has slipped his arm around Phoebe's waist. Now he tu her into his arms for a big kiss. Emmett is watching Mal and Rae roll away when a woman's h touches his back. He turns to find Hannah looking up at h Paden watches from nearby.
185) 5) text: They look at each other. She kisses him and steps back. W Emmett looks up from her, Paden is watching him with an a look. The two men shake hands. Emmett and Jake mount up.
185) 6) dialog: So long, Paden.
185) 10) text: He puts his arm against the post, and his coat is drawn b to reveal the shiny sheriff's badge on his vest. Emmett touches the brim of his hat and turns his horse aw He and Jake flank the buggy and head off.
186) 0) text: Emmett and Jake take turns leaning down from their saddle to kiss Kate and Augie and shake hands with J.T.
186) 2) text: One final look, and they're off. Jake turns in the saddle only once --
186) 3) dialog: We'll be back!