64) 0) text: The land office is in the front of the first floor of the Hollis home, a separate, two-story structure on a side st Now we're looking down the porch as KATE HOLLIS embraces brothers, Emmett and Jake. Her big, bear-like, gentle hus J.T., comes out to add his greetings. After the laying on hands, the attention of all four is drawn to the doorway a figure we cannot yet see. Now he steps shyly into view: eleven-year-old AUGIE. Jake makes a show of shaking Augie's hand, man to man. Emmett  kneels to greet him at eye level; the boy's grown a lot i five years.
68) 0) text: The group is finishing dinner in the kitchen/sitting room the back of the ground floor. Augie is tooting the carved whistle pipe that Emmett has given him. Kate and Emmett b to clear the dishes as Jake and J.T. continue to sit.
68) 3) dialog: J.T.'s done everything he can. I  married a brave man. Augie, take  that delightful gift your uncle gave  you out of here while we're talking. (back to others) McKendrick picked the new sheriff  himself, so J.T. can't even get the  law enforced.
68) 6) text: J.T. pulls a bottle of whiskey from a cabinet and sets up three glasses, but Kate pantomimes for him to add one for her.
68) 11) dialog: Augie's going to grow up here. There's  nothing wrong with the land, it's  just some of the people.
68) 13) dialog: Why, J.T., watch what you're saying  around Augie. Emmett didn't kill  anybody.
68) 16) dialog: It was not -- it was Murdo's. Those  McKendricks don't know how to act  like human beings.
68) 18) dialog: (intensely) I'm worried what he's going to do  when he finds out you boys are back.
68) 21) text: Kate looks between her brothers. She is not reassured.
96) 0) text: Mal, on foot, makes his way cautiously through the gloom the end of the alley. He looks over at the Hollis home an land office, windows aglow. Now Mal spots a Cowboy down t street smoking a cigarette as he leans against a hitching post. Mal is peering at him uncertainly when the front do of the Hollis house opens, and Kate steps out onto the po The Cowboy steps quickly back into the shadows, and Mal n it. Kate vigorously shakes a tablecloth over the railing and  turns back inside, talking as she goes.
96) 1) dialog: Augie, I've had enough of this. Kiss  your father and get in bed.
107) 0) text: In the light of Jake's lamp he sees: four masked men have Kate, J.T., and Augie gagged and held at gunpoint. The li boy is in his nightshirt. For one long moment Jake seems be considering a play. McKendrick is the one with the gun Jake's head.
110) 0) text: Inside only two masked men remain, McKendrick and Swann.  J.T. watches them with hostile eyes. Swann notices Kate  peering out the window at Jake.
110) 3) text: McKendrick has been looking thoughtfully at the ledgers a records shelved around the land office. Now he picks up t lamp Jake brought into the room. It lights his eyes above the bandana mask. They lock with J.T.'s . McKendrick heav the lamp into the shelves. Kerosene flames engulf the led McKendrick starts to move toward the door. J.T. snaps. He picks up a heavy register book and hurtles with enormous force, hitting McKendrick in the back of th head and knocking him down. J.T. dives for McKendrick's g Kate watches in terror, then sees Swann point his gun at scrambling J.T. She grabs Swann's arm, and his gun fires  into the floor. J.T. comes up with McKendrick's gun and fires quickly at  Swann, who has thrown off Kate. Swann, hit in the shoulde crashes back through a window and out onto the porch.
112) 0) text: Scruffy, back at the door now, fires twice into J.T., sla his big body backward against the base of a counter. Kate's scream is muffled by her gag. Augie, eyes wide, da to his father's body, but rather than embrace him, he pri the gun from J.T.'s fingers and raises it toward Scruffy. Kate sees what's happening and leaps at Scruffy. He vicio pistol-whips her. Her unconscious, falling body knocks th gun from Augie's hand. McKendrick is straightening now, his head clearing. His  bandana has fallen from his face. He looks in horror at t wounded Hollises. Augie stares at his revealed face. Scruffy's gun is cocked and pointed at Augie.
115) 0) text: In among the flames a bleeding Kate is desperately trying drag J.T.'s inert bulk to the door. Paden reaches her, pi her up, and runs out. Two neighbors pass him on their way J.T.
116) 0) text: A chaotic scene as the fire-fighting is organized. Severa Neighbor Women help Paden ease Kate down on a blanket.
116) 1) dialog: Help J.T.!
116) 4) dialog: No, no... they took him. They took  my Augie.
118) 0) text: The townspeople have formed a bucket brigade in a losing  battle with the fire at the Hollis house. SHOUTS fill the air above the ROAR of the inferno. Stella is among the new arrivals from the saloon. She is  stopped by the sight of Kate, bloody and hysterical, bein borne away. Horrified by the scene, Stella now snaps out it and begins YELLING ORDERS to the saloon patrons to hel fight the blaze. Paden is only a few feet from the flames, at the head of bucket line. He is in shirt sleeves, sweaty and sooty. Th heat of the fire is driving the line back. The Townsman n to Paden yells to him --
185) 7) text: Paden gives him a nod. Kate and Augie roll up in a buggy. the back seat, a blanket across his legs, sits J.T. They  wait for the brothers. Augie drives for his recovering mo Stella comes out and stands by Phoebe. Hannah is now standing next to Paden. Emmett looks at the as though they were a couple.
186) 0) text: Emmett and Jake take turns leaning down from their saddle to kiss Kate and Augie and shake hands with J.T.