1) 0) text: Darkness. Quiet. The CAMERA MOVES through the gloom of th small, dirty, wooden hut, past a broken table, over a wel worn saddle lying on the floor. Now, a pair of boots stan empty by the rotting remains of a rough-hewn bunk, up to holstered gun hung on the corner of the bed. The still sh of a man, a bedroll his only protection from the splinter planks. This is EMMETT, fast asleep. The door of the shack bursts inward as a Gunman crashes i For a moment he is silhouetted against the blinding morni light, his two six-guns blasting even before the door has bounced shut behind him, returning the hut to darkness. Emmett's holster, the gun gone. The gun is here in Emmett's hand, erupting now with three quick explosions. The intruder flies against the far wall the hut and lands on the floor dead. From outside, two bu pierce the plank wall behind Emmett, light streaming thro in .45 calibre shafts. Emmett is out of the bunk and on the floor. He fires once over the bunk. In the moment of quiet that follows, we he running FOOTSTEPS outside the hut. Emmett follows their  progress with the point of his gun, but holds his fire.  Suddenly a shotgun blasts a large hole in the roof of the shack, and the table disintegrates in a new column of lig Emmett glances upward, but quickly returns his attention the side walls, trying to follow that gunman. Now more fi comes from there and more footsteps. Another shotgun blas showers Emmett with debris, but he ignores it, concentrat on the walls. WHAT HE SEES. The Man Outside moves quickly past a crack the wall, momentarily revealing his spot by blocking the  light. Emmett fires once ahead of him, stopping his progr and forcing him back to the crack. Emmett fires his last  shot there, and the man outside goes down hard. The shotgun rips another jagged hole in the ceiling and b a crater in the dirt by Emmett's foot. The shape of a man flashes across the new hole. Emmett looks across the room the top bunk, where the barrel of his Winchester protrude few inches from the bare planks. Emmett throws his empty gun noisily into the far corner of the hut. Instantly the man on the roof blasts away in that direction. Emmett dives for the bunk. With the tips of his fingers, pulls hard on the muzzle. The Winchester flips full circl into the air as the bunk behind it is shredded from above With an odd kind of inevitability, as though seeking its  rightful place, the Winchester arcs into a shaft of light where it is met by Emmett's steady, waiting hands. Before has even settled, he has cocked and fired twice through a hole in the roof. Emmett stops and lowers the carbine. Th Man on the Roof falls spread-eagled through the weakened  ceiling. Debris and sunlight shower his lifeless form. Emmett listens, moves silently to the door, and opens it  carefully. WE FOLLOW him outside, out into the bright  sunlight, into the awesome promise of the American West.
13) 0) text: A big, tough Cavalry SERGEANT has been summoned by a TROO and now walks briskly toward -- A small crowd gathered around Paden, who is affectionatel stroking his reacquired horse. Two troopers flank him  suspiciously. The Sergeant glances at the body of the Cow then pushes through the crowd and confronts Paden.
14) 0) text: Cobb and Paden come out of the general store and start do the sidewalk. Paden is a little unsteady in a pair of che boots. A small pile of clothing is in his arms. On his he is a bad-looking new hat. He catches his reflection in a  window and tries to give the hat a rakish tilt.
18) 0) text: Near the corrals at the end of the main street of the sma town of Turley, a small WAGON TRAIN is loosely formed up, waiting. The settlers from the wagon train mill about. Se regard Emmett and Paden with unusual interest as they rid by on their way into town. One of the Settlers is a lovely young woman. She glances the two men, then returns her attention to her wagon. Bot Emmett and Paden notice her. She is HANNAH.
23) 0) text: The newcomer is a lithe, strong, black man -- MAL. He has other weapon besides the rifle. Mal looks around the room and walks wearily to the registration desk, although ther is no one behind it. He RINGS a bell for service. At the sound of the bell several of the patrons look up a spot Mal for the first time. The three Tough Men are inst displeased at the sight of the black man. Paden, returnin to his meal, notes their attitude and glances over at Mal Mal leaves his saddlebags at the registration desk, but t the rifle as he walks across to the bar. The nervous Wait is working there. The sight of Mal only adds to her agita
23) 2) dialog: (friendly, tired) I haven't had a drink of whiskey or  slept in a bed for ten days. Give me  a bottle.
23) 3) text: The Waitress hesitates, uncertain. She places a shot glas and a bottle on the bar beyond an elaborate, brass, nude  statuette whose upraised arms hold dishes full of hard-bo eggs. Mal has leaned his rifle against the bar and must n move a few steps to stand before the whiskey. The three Tough Men exchange looks as Mal uncorks the bot and slowly, lovingly fills his shot glass. He puts the bo down and regards the glass for a long moment of pleasant  anticipation. Mal's hand has started for the glass when t saloon's PROPRIETOR appears from a back room.
23) 5) text: Mal draws his hand back and straightens slightly. A diffe kind of weariness comes into his face.
23) 6) dialog: Having a drink.
23) 9) dialog: (flat) I haven't had a drink of whiskey or  slept in a bed for ten days.
23) 11) dialog: (gravely) I'm real sorry to hear that.
23) 12) text: At this, the First Man steps forward quickly, snatches Ma rifle, and slides it down the bar. Mal looks across the  distance at his only weapon.
23) 15) text: The Second Man lurches up to the bar and pins Mal's arms  behind him. The First Man moves quickly, cocking back his arm for a punch square in Mal's face. As the blow is  unleashed, Mal bends forward with terrific speed and forc pulling the Second Man onto his back. The Second Man's fa is suddenly where Mal's was an instant ago, and the First Man's punch lands hard on it. Mal slams the Second Man's  back against the edge of the bar; he falls to the floor. blocks a blow from the First Man and steps in with a flur of body blows. Back at the Tough Men's table, the Third Man pushes back chair as if to rise. Emmett has just picked up a chicken  leg; now he waves it ever so slightly at the Third Man: " out of it". The Man looks at Emmett and Paden, then settl back into his seat. Mal sends the First Man crashing down through a table wit final blow. He turns in time to see the Second Man, back his feet, grab Mal's whiskey bottle and break it against bar. Mal looks for a frustrated moment at the splashing  whiskey -- what a waste. The Second Man lunges with the s glass. Mal lifts the heavy statuette easily with one hand and uses its upraised arms to catch the Man's wrist and t the bottle painfully from his grasp. Mal's other hand hit the Man once in the throat, and he is down. The Proprietor rises from behind the bar, a sawed-off sho in his hand. Mal spins, swinging the statuette brutally  against the Proprietor's arm. The shotgun clatters to the floor as the Proprietor recoils in pain, crashing into a  shelf of glasses. The fight is over. Suddenly, standing in the doorway holding a leveled gun i an enormously tall figure -- SHERIFF LANGSTON. Dressed ra elegantly in suit and bowler, he dwarfs the man at his si DEPUTY KERN. He surveys the scene as the three injured me stir back to life. When he speaks, it is, surprisingly, w a British accent --
23) 24) dialog: (shakes his head "no") I wanted a drink and a bed. I guess  I came to the wrong place.
23) 26) dialog: Is there a place in town that takes...  my kind?
23) 28) dialog: (seething) That ain't right.
23) 30) text: Mal glares at Langston and, finally, moves. He takes his  rifle from the bar, then walks over, picks up his saddleb and slings them over his shoulder. He is almost to the do when he stops, turns, and walks slowly back to the bar. T shot glass full of whiskey has miraculously survived the  fracas. Mal brings it to his lips and swallows with  satisfaction. He turns and goes out the front door. Langs motions to Deputy Kern to follow and witness Mal's depart Langston turns and looks at Emmett and Paden as he slowly uncocks his revolver and holsters it.
24) 0) text: A lean, young man is bouncing around his cell, playing ha sack, keeping a small, leather, bean bag from falling to floor by kicking it with his bare feet. This is JAKE. Langston opens the door to the cellblock and speaks over shoulder to Emmett and Paden, who have removed their guns
43) 0) text: Emmett and Paden rein in their frothing horses in the nat bowl of rocks near a tied horse and the remains of a camp Jake has stopped short of them and taken his horse back t peer out toward the Posse. Grinning, he comes back to the others. The three riders bring their horses around and fo on a spot above them. On the top of the highest boulder, Mal leaves a comfortab prone shooting position and eases himself down to a lower rock. A bandolier of .44 bullets dangles from one hand. H rests his Henry rifle at an angle across one shoulder.
44) 0) text: An awesome rock spire soars into the perfect blue sky abo the orange desert. The sight is spectacular. The slow sur of MUSIC exhilarating. It is the perfect setting in which see the four horsemen who now appear on a ridge. Here the come -- Riding together, side by side, for the first time -- Emme Paden, Jake, and Mal.
46) 9) text: The newcomers now see that a few of the Settler men and b are preparing to ride in pursuit. Mal and Paden exchange  looks, not terribly impressed.
46) 13) text: Paden looks around. His gaze falls on Hannah, somber now, but still lovely. Conrad, her husband, stands beside her. Mal has been watching a little girl cling to the leg of o of the Settler men who is going out on the chase. Now the black man quietly mounts his horse, and speaks to an olde solid-looking man, MR. PARKER, standing by his wife.
46) 14) dialog: How long have they been gone?
46) 16) text: Emmett and Paden watch Mal with interest. Jake is excited this development. He jumps up on his horse.
46) 18) text: Paden isn't so quick to commit, but then he notices Hanna gazing up at Mal and Jake with radiant admiration. He dig that and moves toward his horse.
46) 34) text: Emmett smiles and snaps his reins, moving out with Mal.  Reluctantly, Paden follows, twisting around for a last gl of Hannah. WHAT HE SEES. Hannah moves toward Conrad's horse, as if t touch her husband. But Conrad, his face set in suspicion, barely nods farewell as he sweeps by her. She looks after him desolately. Mal, Paden, Emmett, and Conrad ride off to the north, as  Jake begins yelling orders to the Settlers to get things  moving. What he lacks in expertise, he makes up for in  enthusiasm.
47) 0) text: The four men track the killers across the rugged terrain. Sometimes, Emmett gets down from his horse to examine the tracks. On a flat, rocky expanse, the chase party is temporarily  stalled. Emmett and Paden confer, balked. Mal, peering ah spots something and points it out to the two expert track a steaming horse patty. They head off in that direction.
50) 0) text: Conrad and Mal fire into the canyon, then move to new  positions.
52) 0) text: Mal, firing rapidly, follows Emmett's route with precisio
53) 0) text: Mal's shots kick up dust inches from Emmett's flying feet Once Emmett throws a glance upwards; Mal's cutting it pre close. Baxter slides in next to Dawson, who is thinking h
54) 0) text: Mal and Conrad, mounted; are waiting as Emmett and Paden  ride out of the mouth of the canyon. Beyond them, the out horses scatter toward the horizon. Paden jumps off his ho and picks up the strongbox. IN THE ROCKS ABOVE THEM the Sentinel from the outlaw camp positions himself to fire at the men below.
54) 4) dialog: Mister, you got a lot to learn about  people.
54) 5) text: A SHOT rings out. Conrad takes it in the chest and flies his horse. Now an amazing sight -- Emmett, Paden, and Mal all turn and fire at once. The Sentinel is really dead.
55) 0) text: Below in the distance the wagon train moves across the de dwarfed by giant rock walls. Now, coming right PAST CAMER at a gallop ride Emmett, Paden, Mal, and Conrad's horse w his body slung over it.
57) 0) text: Mal, Emmett, and Jake lounge about a campfire within the  quiet circle of wagons. Emmett is whittling a whistle pip out of a stick.
57) 1) dialog: After the war my family worked a  little piece of land near Savannah  for a while. But the way it was down  there then... well, they made it  hard every way they could. Finally  my daddy figured the promised land  was out this direction. By that time  I was so sick of farming, I didn't  want to touch another hoe ever. I  wouldn't come with 'em. My daddy  took it pretty hard. Him, my ma, and  my little sister headed out without  me. They've got a little place south  of Silverado. I guess they've done  okay. Good enough anyway so that  when my ma wrote me last time, she  said they needed my help to work the  place. That was almost nine months  ago she wrote. Letter took a while  to find me, but when it did, it was  just the right time.
57) 3) dialog: Chicago. Working in the slaughter- houses.
57) 5) dialog: (remembering) No.
57) 9) text: He concentrates on his coffee and moves away from the lig Mal, Emmett, and Jake exchange amused, knowing looks.
57) 11) text: Mal and Emmett laugh.
59) 0) text: The wagon train splashes noisily across the river, driver yelling loudly to urge on their teams. Emmett, Paden, Mal and Jake, on horseback, direct the crossing.
60) 0) text: The wagon train is moving through pretty, rolling country Mal rides up to join Emmett and Paden on point ahead of t train. In his hand is a yellowed letter. He points off to the south where a dramatic half-dome of rock towers above the hills.
60) 1) dialog: This is it, gents. My ma told me to  head south past that rock.
60) 4) dialog: (doesn't think so) Yeah... maybe. So long.
63) 0) text: Mal comes around the shoulder of a hill and reins to a ha He takes the yellowed letter from his pocket and checks a detail. He smiles at the stand of cottonwoods that marks route. After all these years, he's excited to be approach some kind of home. He hurries on.
65) 0) text: Mal reaches the top of the hill, a look of high expectati on his face. But now he pulls up sharply, his expression  changing. Not what he expected. Down below in a pretty, little valley that recently embra a farm are hundreds of cattle, roaming free across the la remnants of the fields. And the burnt-out remains of a sm farmhouse.
66) 0) text: Mal dismounts near the blackened timbers and walks into t ruins. He looks around in a daze: he's home, but there's home there.
67) 0) text: Mal has made a fire in the remains of the fireplace and i cooking food. As he sits back, he senses he is being watc He turns. There at the edge of the light stands an old bl man holding a Henry .44 rifle like Mal's -- his father, E JOHNSON. The two men look at each other a long time.
67) 1) dialog: Daddy?
67) 3) text: Mal goes to him and encloses him in his arms.
67) 4) dialog: Ma?
67) 7) text: Mal takes it hard. They move back to the fire together.
67) 8) dialog: Where is Rae?
67) 10) dialog: (gestures) What happened?
67) 12) dialog: Who?
67) 14) dialog: You own this land.
67) 16) dialog: What about the law?
67) 18) text: Mal thinks about that and grows very angry. Finally --
67) 19) dialog: That ain't right and I've had enough  of what ain't right.
69) 0) text: Having smothered the fire, Mal mounts up, then reaches do to pull his father onto the horse behind him. They begin  picking their way through the cattle when two night-ridin cowboys, RED and SCRUFFY, approach through the gloom.
69) 6) dialog: You got it all wrong, mister. This  is our place.
69) 9) dialog: Tomorrow we're going to town to  straighten that out once and for  all. The next day we'll be back  here... farming. And these cattle  better be gone.
69) 11) dialog: If I find any cattle on our land  after tomorrow, I'm going to start  carving them into steaks. And believe  me, that's one thing I know about.
69) 13) dialog: Mister, you ever seen what a Henry  rifle can do in the hands of someone  who knows how to use it?
69) 16) text: Behind Mal, Ezra lowers the barrel of his own Henry towar the cowboys and cocks it. He looks like a man coming back life. The two cowboys are dumbfounded. They turn and star to ride away. Scruffy shouts back at them --
69) 18) dialog: (to Ezra) We're going to get your land back,  Daddy... our land.
71) 2) text: Paden turns to face his interlocutor, but at first cannot find her. After a moment, though, he looks down to see a  small woman in a velvet dress -- STELLA.
72) 0) text: Mal is asleep on some hay in the small cave his father ha fixed up as a hideout and home. A shadow falls across him Ezra stands looking at his son with loving eyes. In his h are a water bucket and his Henry rifle. Now he turns quie away.
73) 0) text: Ezra emerges. From here, it would be impossible to tell t the cave was inhabited. Except that, on this morning, Mal horse is tied nearby. Ezra looks around cautiously and mo off into the rocks.
75) 0) text: The distant ROAR OF GUNS echoes in the small space. Mal a with a start. Did he dream it? He looks around.
75) 1) dialog: Daddy?
76) 0) text: Mal, rifle in hand and frantic, is lost among the rocks. he stops, listening. He hears HOOFBEATS. He scrambles to top of a boulder and looks down. WHAT HE SEES. The four Cowboys far below are riding away  from the base of the hill.
77) 33) text: Cobb is already in motion. He spins, drawing his gun, and fires repeatedly at the swinging doors. Kelly has been ai over them and is blasted back into the street as the slat splinter. Cobb holsters his gun. The coffee cup is still his other hand. He takes a final sip, puts the cup down, licks a spilled drop off his thumb. Stella is repulsed. Cobb fixes her with a malevolent look and his tone is icy --
82) 0) text: A door opens on the upstairs porch and Rae emerges, giggl and buttoning her dress. A hand reaches out and pulls her back inside for another squealing embrace. She pushes her free and comes outside again, then starts down the exteri stairs. She is almost to the bottom when she stops sudden Mal stands at the bottom of the stairs. They look at each other a long time. Conflicting emotions race across Rae's face, but the winner is cold anger.
82) 1) dialog: Hello, Rae.
82) 3) dialog: Daddy's dead.
82) 4) text: Rae seems to sway, then sits down on the stairs above Mal For a moment she is somewhere else, but when she returns, her look is as hard as before.
82) 5) dialog: He was murdered.
82) 7) dialog: I'm not sure, but I got an idea. And  when I am sure, they're going to  pay.
82) 9) text: Now Slick comes down the stairs behind Rae, pulling on hi jacket. Mal glares at him; this is who can buy his sister now.
82) 12) text: Slick seems unperturbed by Mal's glare. To Rae --
82) 16) text: Mal just looks at the proffered hand. Slick retracts it  without offense.
82) 18) text: Slick comes down past Mal and moves off. Mal watches him then turns to Rae.
82) 19) dialog: What are you doing here, Rae? This  ain't for you.
82) 21) dialog: Rae, all we got is each other.
83) 27) text: Augie hops down as Emmett takes the reins. Emmett gives A a look and a small nod, and the boy steps away. Emmett looks once again at the distinctive brand on the  pinto's flank, a circle with two wavy lines beneath it. N he leads the pinto around beside McKendrick's horse so he can see the brand on that animal. McKendrick has to twist his saddle to watch Emmett. The brands are the same. Emme looks up at McKendrick. Things are clear between them.
89) 0) text: We move along the burnished barrel of the old Henry .44 r to Emmett's eye, sighting along its length. Now we see his target. In the distance is a small cactus  plant. Emmett squeezes off a shot. The cactus does not mo He aims again and fires quickly. Again, nothing at the ca AT THE CACTUS. Now we're right behind the target plant, E in the distance. When he fires, a thin needle at the top  edge of the plant is blown away, the bullet leaving a sha trough in the green skin. He fires again, and the next ne disappears. Now there are four troughs. He's been hitting from the start. Emmett lowers the rifle, walks back to his horse tied nea and leaves the rifle, then moves away from the horse agai He stops, looking at a can in the dust fifty feet away. H shakes the fingers of his gun hand once, then very quickl he draws his Colt and fires. The can jumps into the air.  While it is still moving, Emmett holsters the gun, releas it, then draws again and fires. As the can jumps once mor Emmett repeats the action. Six times he draws. The can do stop moving until after the last shot. The horrible NOISE echoes away as Emmett holds the empty before him. From behind a rock ahead of him, Deputy Garth appears.
89) 9) text: He starts to lower the muzzle toward Emmett. There is the echoing CRACK of a shot and the gun flies from Garth's  shattered hand. Mal stands on a rock above them, his rifle pointed.
89) 10) dialog: I don't want to kill you, and you  don't want to be dead. Drop your  guns.
89) 15) text: As the others start to unbuckle their holsters, Charlie, compliant one, draws on Mal. Mal shoots him out of the sa dead. The others freeze.
90) 0) text: Mal comes into view, leading a motley remuda. Emmett is t onto his horse, unconscious. The four deputies' riderless horses are strung along behind. All their guns have been  tied on Emmett's horse. Now Mal releases the extra horses and shoos them away. He leads Emmett's horse up the trail into the hills.
91) 0) text: Emmett and Mal's horses are tied near the entrance.
92) 0) text: Mal has tended to Emmett's head wound and now binds a lar ugly bruise on his ribs. Emmett, half-conscious, writhes pain, and now his eyes flicker open. Confused, he makes a futile attempt to rise.
92) 2) dialog: Sure.
94) 0) text: Emmett lies sleeping in the flickering light of the fire. Mal sits nearby, his Henry rifle lying at his feet. He is examining the Henry that Emmett had at the arroyo. Emmett wakes up, wincing.
94) 2) dialog: Someplace safe. How you feeling?
94) 5) dialog: I didn't just come along. I was  looking for you. (Emmett doesn't  understand) Jake said you were out there. I saw  him in town, and he told me about  that business the other night. Said  you boys took a Henry off one of  McKendrick's men. I wanted to see  it.
94) 7) text: Mal looks at the rifle in his arms sadly.
94) 8) dialog: This was my father's. The men who  killed him took it.
94) 12) dialog: You'll never make it.
94) 14) text: Mal reaches out with a strong hand and eases Emmett back  down.
94) 15) dialog: I'll go. I'll bring Jake out here.
94) 17) dialog: So far that's all I seen in this  life.
96) 0) text: Mal, on foot, makes his way cautiously through the gloom the end of the alley. He looks over at the Hollis home an land office, windows aglow. Now Mal spots a Cowboy down t street smoking a cigarette as he leans against a hitching post. Mal is peering at him uncertainly when the front do of the Hollis house opens, and Kate steps out onto the po The Cowboy steps quickly back into the shadows, and Mal n it. Kate vigorously shakes a tablecloth over the railing and  turns back inside, talking as she goes.
96) 2) text: She closes the door behind her. Mal sees the cowboy calle Red coming down the street and hurries away in the direct he came from. Red comes up to the WATCHING COWBOY.
97) 0) text: Rae is finishing her evening's makeup in the cracked mirr of her cramped, little room. Mal slides in the door behin her, closing it quickly. He carries his rifle. She sees h reflection and stiffens but continues making up.
97) 2) dialog: Rae, I need help.
97) 4) dialog: Because you're my sister. There's  nobody else. (a beat) The men who killed Daddy are after  Jake. I gotta talk to him.
97) 6) dialog: They're watching the Hollis place. I  can't get through.
97) 8) dialog: Why would they stop you?
97) 10) text: Mal sits down on her bed. She looks at him a moment.
99) 0) text: Mal looks up as the door opens, then stands up when he se that Rae has brought Slick with her.
99) 1) dialog: Why him?
100) 0) text: We are looking up at the church steeple from across the  square. Now Slick steps into the foreground, looks around and waves someone on from behind. Mal comes into the fram
100) 2) text: Mal's opinion of Slick has softened. He offers his hand.
100) 3) dialog: Thanks.
100) 5) text: Mal looks around, then slips away toward the church. Slic stands and watches.
101) 0) text: Mal comes around the corner of the building. Cobb is loun comfortably on the back steps. Mal aims his rifle, but Co doesn't move.
101) 2) text: Mal cocks the hammer.
101) 4) text: Three deputies appear quietly out of the shadows behind M their guns pointed. The door behind Cobb opens, revealing Garth, his hand bandaged. Mal lowers the rifle.
101) 6) text: Tyree comes up behind Mal and takes the rifle from his ha Suddenly he hits him in the kidney with the rifle butt. M goes down.
101) 8) text: Garth has come down the steps and over to Mal. He holds h bandaged hand out in front of him, then kicks Mal vicious
101) 10) text: Finally Cobb gets up and walks over to look down at Mal.
101) 12) text: Mal turns his head so he can look up at Cobb.
103) 0) text: Close on Mal as he dabs at a split lip with the tail of h shirt. He's sitting on a cot in a cell. He has been beate more. As the door to the outer office clangs open, he rea with resignation; here comes more pain. But when he looks up, it is Paden standing outside the bars. Behind Paden,  Garth throws a hostile look at Mal and goes out. Paden no Mal's condition. Mal regards Paden coolly.
103) 2) dialog: Because they enjoy it.
103) 4) dialog: You don't know?
103) 6) dialog: Cobb's men just about killed him.  That's what happened.
103) 8) dialog: I got there just short of too late.
103) 10) text: Mal snorts derisively at that and glances around.
103) 11) dialog: Yeah, it's working out real good.
103) 13) text: Mal gives him a disbelieving look.
103) 14) dialog: You're working for Cobb these days,  aren't you?
103) 16) dialog: Your friends have been beating me to  find that out. You think I'm gonna  just tell you?
103) 17) text: Mal gets up to face Paden, separated by only a few inches and the steel bars.
103) 18) dialog: You waltzed in here pretty easy, and  you can go out the same way. (motions him away) Me they're figuring to carry out.
117) 0) text: Word of the fire has not reached here, and normal, noisy  activity reigns. Slick is dealing a three-man poker game. Rae watches him from across the room, then takes a drink  over to him. When she places it before him, he looks up  appreciatively, then goes back to his game. She puts her  arms around him from behind and kisses his neck, then sli sensuously into the empty seat beside him. He ignores her adoring look and roaming hands, but smiles as he plays. BENEATH THE TABLE. Rae's left hand roves excitingly high Slick's thigh. Now, so smooth and quick we barely see it, her right hand lifts his trouser leg and slips the custom made dagger from his boot. Slick deals a hand. Rae watches him thoughtfully. The swi doors behind them crash open, and a TOWNSMAN bursts in.
122) 0) text: Mal looks up as the door to the outer office clangs open. Deputy Garth comes in with Rae in tow. Mal comes to the f of his cell.
122) 2) text: Mal and Rae look at each other.
122) 4) text: Rae steps toward Mal, but Garth suddenly grabs her arm an flings her back against the wall opposite Mal's cell. He  moves close to Rae and slips the big ring of keys over hi bandaged right hand, freeing his left. He looks once at M then down Rae's body. His left hand fondles her.
122) 6) text: Mal's eyes flame as Garth takes Rae in a lascivious embra Suddenly Rae dips to one side within his arms. Her hand c up from her boot with Slick's dagger and plunges it into  Garth's back. The deputy jolts back a few steps in shock, already pulling a six-gun from his belt with his left han He fires once into Rae's body. She goes down. Garth is cocking the gun again with weakening fingers whe Mal's hand encircles his neck and pulls him violently bac against the bars. Garth's gun clatters away down the hall
124) 0) text: Garth, his neck broken, lies crumpled outside Mal's cell. Rae is unconscious and bloodied against the far wall. The large key ring is on the floor under Garth's leg and out Mal's reach. Mal's anguished gaze darts from Rae to the k as he begins to drag the dead weight of Garth's leg towar the bars. The key ring is dragged a few inches, then slip free. Mal tries again, then hears the front door SLAM ope in the outer office. Mal looks at the gun lying useless d the hall.
126) 0) text: The keys still lie in the middle of the hall, the gun dow at the end. Fox comes through the door, gun raised, and takes in the  sight of the two bodies. He looks up in surprise as Slick dagger flies into his chest with a THUNK. Fox dies. Down the line of bars, Mal's right arm is extended into t corridor, as it was when he released the knife.
129) 0) text: Emmett works by the light of the fire, checking one of th guns taken from the deputies. He hears something we do no but continues to work for a few moments more. Now we hear it: an approaching rider. Emmett stands up gingerly and m painfully back into the shadows. He is much improved but  still tentative. Mal comes into the cave carrying his Henry rifle. Emmett  reappears, lowering his gun.
129) 2) text: Mal steps into the light, revealing his bruised face.
129) 3) dialog: I almost didn't.
129) 5) dialog: McKendrick's men got him.
129) 7) text: Mal indicates that he doesn't know. Emmett accepts that a picks up his gunbelt.
129) 8) dialog: It's worse than that, Emmett.
129) 10) dialog: They took him at your sister's house.  Her husband was shot. I don't know  if he's going to make it.
129) 13) dialog: She was hurt... pretty bad. (hates to tell him) Emmett, they took the little boy  with them.
129) 14) text: Emmett lets this all sink in. And then his face and body  begin to transform. All the pain is swept away in a surgi current of vengeful energy. The MUSIC begins to build, as Emmett moves with eerie deliberateness to arm himself. He picks up one of the extra gunbelts and loops it over his  shoulder. Mal slides into his bandolier. Emmett indicates the gunbe remaining on the floor.
129) 16) text: Mal turns. He now holds his father's Henry rifle in addit to his own, one awesome weapon in each hand.
129) 17) dialog: This oughta do.
139) 0) text: We're behind McKendrick now. On the wall next to the wind there is a large, framed photograph of Murdo McKendrick, big, ferocious man, sitting rather stiffly in a chair. On one side of him stands his wife, as thin and tough as a n On the other, beneath a large, paternal hand, a small boy young Ethan. McKendrick turns away from the window and for an instant eye is stopped by the photograph. McKendrick looks unsett He hasn't slept.
141) 0) text: Emmett and Mal ride side by side. Relentless. You wouldn' want to be the people they're going to visit. Now a solitary rider appears on the ridge above them, mov the same way. Mal notices him first, then Emmett. It is P and now he is sloping down to join them. He moves in alongside them. They exchange looks. Then all three look ahead. Where they are going.
146) 2) text: ON THE RISE. Red and the Sentry Cowboy tear toward the  oncoming cattle. They fire their guns repeatedly in the a trying to turn the herd. AT THE CORRAL. Scruffy runs across from the casa grande a joins other Cowboys trying to saddle and mount panicked  horses. Scruffy's horse rears and breaks away from him. ON THE RISE. Red and the Sentry Cowboy are closing with t dust-enshrouded herd, still firing their guns. Suddenly,  from the cloud, there are answering shots. The Sentry Cow is shot dead off his horse. Emerging like a spirit from the dust at the edge of the h comes Emmett, six-gun in hand. On the other side of the herd, Paden's form materializes. aims his Winchester and fires. Red's horse rears. Red goe down and the herd pounds over him. AT THE BUNKHOUSE. Hoyt comes out the door, buckling on hi gunbelt. He looks at the on-rushing stampede, then toward the corral where several Cowboys are swinging up on their horses. Suddenly, there is gunfire from the roof of the  bunkhouse above Hoyt. One of the Cowboys in the corral go down. Another draws his gun and lifts it toward the bunkh but is shot before he can fire. The other Cowboys head fo cover. Hoyt stops some men who are coming out the door be him, and edges out to try to locate the source of the fir ON THE VERANDA. McKendrick comes out of the casa grande a runs to the corner of the veranda nearest the rise. He ta in the stampede, which is almost upon them now, then hear gunfire to his right. He looks back there and sees Mal on the bunkhouse roof, above Hoyt and firing from the protec of the raised rim. Now Mal swings his rifle around toward McKendrick. McKendrick jumps around the corner of the hou as the wall where he was standing takes a hit. SERIES OF SHOTS. The stampede hits the ranch. The herd sp the mass of cattle heading between the casa grande and th bunkhouse/corral area; the rest go around behind the casa grande. They take down everything in their way. Fences fa holding pens are destroyed, horses run free, and Cowboys  scramble away from the deadly current of rampaging cattle NEAR THE BARN. Paden pulls up on the edge of the flow and fires repeatedly at the Cowboys scrambling for safety. Sw is among those hit. BEHIND THE CASA GRANDE. Emmett pulls his horse out of the flow, protected by the building, then dismounts, ties the horse, and runs up to the back door of the house. He thro away the empty, extra six-gun in his hand as he looks  carefully inside. He draws his own gun and goes in. NEAR THE BARN. Paden is coming under increasing fire from the bunkhouse as the cattle thin. He rides into the barn the end of the corral. AT THE BUNKHOUSE. Hoyt directs some of his men, including Scruffy, to work their way along under the eaves of the  bunkhouse and go after Paden. Hoyt glances upward toward sound of Mal's rifle.
148) 0) text: ON THE VERANDA. McKendrick reacts to the shots behind him his house. He moves toward a window and opens it. ON THE BUNKHOUSE ROOF. Mal switches to his father's Henry and shifts around to fire at some outriding Cowboys who a thundering in from the range. AT THE BARN. Three cowboys dive through the main door in  pursuit of Paden. Scruffy, one of Jake's pearl-handled Co at the ready, sneaks along the side of the barn.
151) 0) text: McKendrick, gun poised, stands over the body of the Watch Cowboy, reacting to the shots above. He is about to go up there when the front door crashes open as a Cowboy, shot Mal, staggers into the hall. He leans against the hall ta and fires out the door. Two more shots from Mal finish th Cowboy and a large vase. McKendrick changes him mind about going upstairs. He move quickly toward the door at the back of the house.
153) 0) text: AT THE BUNKHOUSE. Hoyt is hugging the side wall of the  bunkhouse. He warily looks around the back corner. WHAT HE SEES. Mal's horse is tethered near a stack of cra and barrels that rises almost to the roof.
157) 0) text: BACK OF THE BARN. Paden rides out, but pulls up when he  notices that Jake is not following. He is about to go bac when something catches his eye. WHAT HE SEES. Hoyt is just climbing onto the roof of the  bunkhouse, catty-corner from Mal's position. Paden squeezes off a shot, but Hoyt has already disappear from view. Paden looks along the bunkhouse, where he can Mal firing. Mal is protected at present from Hoyt by the chimney he is braced against. But if he isn't warned, Hoy will surprise him. A Cowboy in the bunkhouse spots Paden fires at him. Paden must warn Mal quickly. Yelling is hop in the din. Paden aims carefully at Mal and fires. AT MAL. The chimney is hit just above Mal's head. He swin his rifle around toward -- Paden! Paden signals wildly ab Hoyt. Mal understands just in time: he flops around the  chimney just as Hoyt gets a bead on him. Without knowing Mal avenges his father's murder. Hoyt is blown off the ro The bulk of the herd has passed, but confused cattle are  everywhere. AT THE VERANDA. Jake has ridden across the open area unde heavy fire and now rides for protection up and onto the s veranda of the house, firing into all the windows. His  momentum carries him all the way out the other end. When is beyond the porch, he hears a yell, two voices --
158) 0) text: The three horses with four riders come tearing toward us. They form a dusty "V" as they intersect with Mal's arriva from the other side of the bunkhouse. Even now, shots are fired after them. But they are on their way.
163) 0) text: The Milliner is urgently closing the shutters on his shop passersby hurry for home. Phoebe edges out of the alley  nearby, turns, and finds herself face to face with Tyree. regards her malevolently.
164) 6) text: Jake kicks the bare-back into motion and tears off direct toward town. Emmett heads off to the left. Paden begins t move after Jake, but slower. Mal stops him with --
164) 7) dialog: Hey, Paden...
164) 9) dialog: Good luck.
164) 10) text: Paden nods it back to him, and the bond is re-formed. Mal heads off at a gallop to the right. They are all going to enter town from different directions.
176) 0) text: Slick has made himself comfortable next to Rae, who has f into a fitful sleep. Now he hears something. The door of shed opens and closes. He waits confidently for Stella to appear around the intervening wall of barrels and crates. But he's looking too low. Mal steps into view, the big He rifle in his hand. Slick's eyes widen, but he gets contro quickly and rises, trying to gauge Mal's attitude. Mal looks from Rae to Slick and back to Rae.
176) 2) dialog: Yeah.
176) 3) text: He looks at Slick as he leans his rifle against the wall. Slick looks at the rifle, then at Mal. Mal seems to  concentrate on Rae and makes a move that way. When he is  past Slick, Slick makes the peculiar, chopping gesture of his left forearm that snaps the derringer into his hand. Mal has been waiting for something and is already turning into Slick. Before Slick can raise his gun hand, Mal has  Slick's wrist in a vise-like grip. Mal's other arm encirc Slick's torso and crushes him against Mal's body. Two str men strain against each other. The cocked derringer wavers perilously toward the sleepin Rae. Suddenly, Mal twists Slick around, banging his hand  into the wall, and the derringer fires. Slick lets it cla to the floor. Rae wakes with a start and watches the combatants in terr The men's eyes are only inches apart. Something flashes  through Mal's and he loosens his embrace. Instantly, Slic dips to the right, lifting his boot to his hand. But his  dagger is not there. Slick's surprised look is answered by Mal's tight grin.
176) 4) dialog: Looking for this?
176) 5) text: Their bodies jerk as Slick gets his last surprise and goe limp in Mal's arms. He falls to the floor, his own boot d protruding from his ribcage. Mal kneels to embrace his sister.
184) 0) text: Four shot glasses sparkle in a line on the bar. A bottle the good stuff is used to fill them. Stella is pouring the drinks from behind the bar. Now the glasses are lifted by Mal, Jake, Paden, and Emmett. Stell holds up the bottle and proposes a toast --
184) 4) dialog: Right.
185) 0) text: Phoebe stands on the porch talking across to Rae, much  recovered, who sits on the seat of a wagon heavily loaded with farming supplies. Rae wears a simple dress and looks quite different. The men come out onto the porch. Emmett shakes Mal's hand and watches him climb onto the wagon. Mal gets the wagon  going, and the other wave. Jake has slipped his arm around Phoebe's waist. Now he tu her into his arms for a big kiss. Emmett is watching Mal and Rae roll away when a woman's h touches his back. He turns to find Hannah looking up at h Paden watches from nearby.