82) 53) text: UP ON THE ROOF of the farmhouse, Carol is yelling and  gesturing to her oblivious father below, while her Friend stares frozen into the night. Jake is wiping his brow as he stands at the edge of the  dancers. He looks up at Carol quizzically. Only now do we hear it, over the din of the music: the TH of hooves. Out of the night, streaming around the farm  buildings, comes a horde of masked Cowboys, McKendrick's  men. They send up a horrible yell and begin firing their  weapons in the air. Their arrival is so sudden that the celebrants are frozen their places, mothers hugging children to them, men far f their weapons. There are SCREAMS. Emmett grabs a panicked child from the path of the horses and moves back, passing her to Hannah. He's trying to gau his response in the midst of all these innocents. Two Cowboys have roped opposite ends of a section of fenc and now pull the deadly drag, already thick with ravaged  corn, through the barnyard, knocking over everything in i path. Jake slides through the chaos toward his gunbelt, hung on peg on the barn wall. A Cowboy pulls the gate from the pigsty, and the pigs squ out. Another Cowboy begins shooting them with a Henry rif On the roof, Carol looks in horror at the death of her pr sow. Emmett is herding as many Settlers as he can toward the c of the barn. Bradley edges toward the door of his farmhouse. Hobart is urging some women between two wagons. A Cowboy  rides by and kicks him viciously. Hoyt pulls up, looks around, then gestures to some of his men. Two Cowboys with prepared torches in their hands rid up to the bonfire and swing low, lighting their firebrand One moves ahead toward the farmhouse, reins his horse, an heaves the torch high in the air toward the roof on which the two children perch. In the air, the tumbling flame suddenly explodes at the R of a shotgun. Sparks shower harmlessly to the ground. Bradley has shot it out of the air with one barrel of his shotgun. The blast has created a momentary, shocked lull the attack. Bradley looks wild. Emmett watches, fearful. His hand is on his gun. Hoyt looks at Bradley. Bradley swings the shotgun around  toward the other torch-bearer. The Cowboy who tossed the first torch shoots Bradley dead Carol screams. Emmett looks across the yard at Jake, who steps out from cowering homesteaders, a gun in each hand. Emmett draws a kills the man who shot Bradley. Now all the Settlers hit dirt. Jake fires from both hands repeatedly. One Cowboy dies an another takes it in the arm. The man who was shooting the pigs swings his rifle around toward Jake, and Emmett kill him with one shot. Hoyt reacts big to the presence of deadly wolves in the m of these sheep. He peers through the tumult, trying to se their faces. His Cowboys are shooting wildly into the cro now, but he rides through them, signalling a retreat. Emmett jumps from the top of a fence to the roof of the h the Henry rifle in his hand. He scrambles to the peak of roof, where the two children still cower. Bracing the rif on the chimney, he takes careful aim. Once... twice... he fires. One Cowboy dead, one wounded and fleeing. Hannah runs up to the riderless horse of a fallen Cowboy pulls a rifle from its scabbard. She cocks it and fires o at the retreating Cowboys. Jake mounts a horse Pony Expre style and rides out of the barnyard.
83) 0) text: Augie is standing circus-style on the saddle of the pinto he rides down the alley. As he approaches the main street his foot slips, and he bumps down hard into the saddle. T horse is barely in his control as he bounces out into the busier thoroughfare, and into the path of -- An imposing  phalanx of four horsemen: Hoyt, Scruffy, SWANN, and their boss, ETHAN MCKENDRICK. The pinto shies as the horsemen p up abruptly.
83) 7) dialog: (irritable) What's the problem, Swann?
83) 8) text: Emmett steps off the sidewalk on the other side of the st and approaches the group, his eyes on McKendrick.
83) 10) text: McKendrick turns at the sound of Emmett's voice. Somethin powerful flicks through his eyes, but not too many people would see it.
83) 11) dialog: Emmett.
83) 14) dialog: I didn't know you were out.
83) 16) text: McKendrick reacts to Emmett's tone.
83) 17) dialog: That's all over as far as I'm  concerned, Emmett. I'm satisfied.
83) 19) dialog: All right then. (to his men) Let's go.
83) 21) dialog: (doesn't) What?
83) 24) text: Now McKendrick understands. He avoids Emmett's gaze and s to Swann.
83) 25) dialog: Forget it.
83) 27) text: Augie hops down as Emmett takes the reins. Emmett gives A a look and a small nod, and the boy steps away. Emmett looks once again at the distinctive brand on the  pinto's flank, a circle with two wavy lines beneath it. N he leads the pinto around beside McKendrick's horse so he can see the brand on that animal. McKendrick has to twist his saddle to watch Emmett. The brands are the same. Emme looks up at McKendrick. Things are clear between them.
83) 29) text: McKendrick's tone is different now --
83) 30) dialog: A lot of things changed when my father  died.
83) 31) text: Emmett lays the reins of the pinto across the front of  McKendrick's saddle, but they might just as well be a  gauntlet. McKendrick picks them up. He and his men move d the street. Emmett walks over and takes Augie beneath his arm. DOWN THE STREET. Hoyt rides close to McKendrick but looks back over his shoulder.
83) 33) text: McKendrick reacts: more bad news.
86) 0) text: Cobb sits with his boots up on his desk. McKendrick sits the shadows across the room.
86) 2) dialog: He's good, all right. Too good for  my men. That's why you've got to  take care of it.
86) 4) dialog: We'll handle that. He's careless.
86) 7) dialog: I heard that too.
86) 9) text: McKendrick reacts to that, and Cobb can't suppress a smil McKendrick sees it and stands up.
86) 10) dialog: Cobb, looks like you're finally going  to earn your money.
107) 0) text: In the light of Jake's lamp he sees: four masked men have Kate, J.T., and Augie gagged and held at gunpoint. The li boy is in his nightshirt. For one long moment Jake seems be considering a play. McKendrick is the one with the gun Jake's head.
107) 1) dialog: Don't.
110) 0) text: Inside only two masked men remain, McKendrick and Swann.  J.T. watches them with hostile eyes. Swann notices Kate  peering out the window at Jake.
110) 2) dialog: Shut up.
110) 3) text: McKendrick has been looking thoughtfully at the ledgers a records shelved around the land office. Now he picks up t lamp Jake brought into the room. It lights his eyes above the bandana mask. They lock with J.T.'s . McKendrick heav the lamp into the shelves. Kerosene flames engulf the led McKendrick starts to move toward the door. J.T. snaps. He picks up a heavy register book and hurtles with enormous force, hitting McKendrick in the back of th head and knocking him down. J.T. dives for McKendrick's g Kate watches in terror, then sees Swann point his gun at scrambling J.T. She grabs Swann's arm, and his gun fires  into the floor. J.T. comes up with McKendrick's gun and fires quickly at  Swann, who has thrown off Kate. Swann, hit in the shoulde crashes back through a window and out onto the porch.
112) 0) text: Scruffy, back at the door now, fires twice into J.T., sla his big body backward against the base of a counter. Kate's scream is muffled by her gag. Augie, eyes wide, da to his father's body, but rather than embrace him, he pri the gun from J.T.'s fingers and raises it toward Scruffy. Kate sees what's happening and leaps at Scruffy. He vicio pistol-whips her. Her unconscious, falling body knocks th gun from Augie's hand. McKendrick is straightening now, his head clearing. His  bandana has fallen from his face. He looks in horror at t wounded Hollises. Augie stares at his revealed face. Scruffy's gun is cocked and pointed at Augie.
112) 1) dialog: Stop it!
112) 3) text: McKendrick hates the way it's gone.
112) 4) dialog: Bring him with us.
135) 0) text: The McKendrick brand is fashioned in wood at the peak of arch over the road. Beyond it, in the distance, cattle ar grazing on the rolling land.
138) 0) text: Scruffy, scratching his belly, walks along the porch of t main ranch house, the casa grande. As he comes up to us a the corner and looks around, we see that he is wearing Ja elaborately tooled, double gunbelt with the pearl-handled Colts. As he moves down the other side of the house, we see  McKendrick standing at a window, looking out.
139) 0) text: We're behind McKendrick now. On the wall next to the wind there is a large, framed photograph of Murdo McKendrick, big, ferocious man, sitting rather stiffly in a chair. On one side of him stands his wife, as thin and tough as a n On the other, beneath a large, paternal hand, a small boy young Ethan. McKendrick turns away from the window and for an instant eye is stopped by the photograph. McKendrick looks unsett He hasn't slept.
146) 2) text: ON THE RISE. Red and the Sentry Cowboy tear toward the  oncoming cattle. They fire their guns repeatedly in the a trying to turn the herd. AT THE CORRAL. Scruffy runs across from the casa grande a joins other Cowboys trying to saddle and mount panicked  horses. Scruffy's horse rears and breaks away from him. ON THE RISE. Red and the Sentry Cowboy are closing with t dust-enshrouded herd, still firing their guns. Suddenly,  from the cloud, there are answering shots. The Sentry Cow is shot dead off his horse. Emerging like a spirit from the dust at the edge of the h comes Emmett, six-gun in hand. On the other side of the herd, Paden's form materializes. aims his Winchester and fires. Red's horse rears. Red goe down and the herd pounds over him. AT THE BUNKHOUSE. Hoyt comes out the door, buckling on hi gunbelt. He looks at the on-rushing stampede, then toward the corral where several Cowboys are swinging up on their horses. Suddenly, there is gunfire from the roof of the  bunkhouse above Hoyt. One of the Cowboys in the corral go down. Another draws his gun and lifts it toward the bunkh but is shot before he can fire. The other Cowboys head fo cover. Hoyt stops some men who are coming out the door be him, and edges out to try to locate the source of the fir ON THE VERANDA. McKendrick comes out of the casa grande a runs to the corner of the veranda nearest the rise. He ta in the stampede, which is almost upon them now, then hear gunfire to his right. He looks back there and sees Mal on the bunkhouse roof, above Hoyt and firing from the protec of the raised rim. Now Mal swings his rifle around toward McKendrick. McKendrick jumps around the corner of the hou as the wall where he was standing takes a hit. SERIES OF SHOTS. The stampede hits the ranch. The herd sp the mass of cattle heading between the casa grande and th bunkhouse/corral area; the rest go around behind the casa grande. They take down everything in their way. Fences fa holding pens are destroyed, horses run free, and Cowboys  scramble away from the deadly current of rampaging cattle NEAR THE BARN. Paden pulls up on the edge of the flow and fires repeatedly at the Cowboys scrambling for safety. Sw is among those hit. BEHIND THE CASA GRANDE. Emmett pulls his horse out of the flow, protected by the building, then dismounts, ties the horse, and runs up to the back door of the house. He thro away the empty, extra six-gun in his hand as he looks  carefully inside. He draws his own gun and goes in. NEAR THE BARN. Paden is coming under increasing fire from the bunkhouse as the cattle thin. He rides into the barn the end of the corral. AT THE BUNKHOUSE. Hoyt directs some of his men, including Scruffy, to work their way along under the eaves of the  bunkhouse and go after Paden. Hoyt glances upward toward sound of Mal's rifle.
148) 0) text: ON THE VERANDA. McKendrick reacts to the shots behind him his house. He moves toward a window and opens it. ON THE BUNKHOUSE ROOF. Mal switches to his father's Henry and shifts around to fire at some outriding Cowboys who a thundering in from the range. AT THE BARN. Three cowboys dive through the main door in  pursuit of Paden. Scruffy, one of Jake's pearl-handled Co at the ready, sneaks along the side of the barn.
151) 0) text: McKendrick, gun poised, stands over the body of the Watch Cowboy, reacting to the shots above. He is about to go up there when the front door crashes open as a Cowboy, shot Mal, staggers into the hall. He leans against the hall ta and fires out the door. Two more shots from Mal finish th Cowboy and a large vase. McKendrick changes him mind about going upstairs. He move quickly toward the door at the back of the house.
155) 0) text: McKendrick rides flat out toward town.
159) 0) text: The SHOPKEEPER is placing items in his front window when eye is caught by something across the street. We can see  only a dim reflection of it in the glass. With a concerne look, the Shopkeeper comes outside. WHAT HE SEES. Trouble. Five men, loaded for bear, are com out of Cobb's office: Cobb, McKendrick, Tyree, Kyle, and  DUSTY, another deputy.
160) 0) text: Dusty mounts up and rides toward the center of town. Kyle goes off in another direction on foot. McKendrick unhitch his horse and speaks to Cobb with some bitterness.
160) 1) dialog: It never should've got this far,  Cobb.
160) 4) text: McKendrick swings up and jacks a cartridge into the chamb of his Winchester. He's not as confident as Cobb.
160) 5) dialog: I'll do my part. But you better watch  your ass. These guys'll shoot it  off.
161) 0) text: Dusty pulls up at the hotel on the corner and throws his  reins over the post. Then, with rifle in hand, he stands his saddle and climbs to the roof of the porch. He looks  down the street, cocks his rifle, and settles into hiding behind the hotel sign. McKendrick rides by slowly, exchanging looks with Dusty, moves down the street. Several townspeople have seen Dusty. The panicky, street- clearing word spreads.
177) 0) text: Emmett rides slowly down the street, his Winchester held  ready on his thigh. His eyes continually scan the buildin and alleyways. He slowly rounds a corner. Way behind him, off his right shoulder, McKendrick has br his horse to a stop between two buildings and is carefull aiming at Emmett's back with his Winchester. Now he pulls the hammer back with a CLICK. Emmett hears it and twists in the saddle as McKendrick fi The shot is good, but Emmett's Winchester takes the hit a jumps in his hand. He levels it at McKendrick, cocks the  hammer, and squeezes the trigger. Nothing. He tries to wo the lever as McKendrick fires again. Emmett's rifle is  useless. He throws it away and draws his Colt, firing twi Emmett's bullets hit close to McKendrick. His horse shies McKendrick turns his horse and rides behind a building. SERIES OF SHOTS. Emmett chases after McKendrick along a  parallel street. Each man prepares to fire as they reach intermittent spaces between buildings. McKendrick gets a  clear shot and fires twice. Emmett rides around a buildin and speeds toward McKendrick's path. He comes into the op ready to fire, but McKendrick is heading off down an alle Rather than follow, Emmett moves to cut him off.
178) 0) text: McKendrick has pulled up behind a barn. When Emmett comes into view, McKendrick fires twice, then spurs his horse b into town. Emmett squeezes off one carefully aimed shot,  just missing McKendrick before he disappears.
180) 0) text: McKendrick comes out of an alley and tears toward the  intersection which Dusty commands from the roof of the ho porch. McKendrick waves his rifle at Dusty and rounds the corner of the hotel. Now Emmett comes out of the alley in pursuit. He slows a since McKendrick is no longer in sight. As he moves down block toward the hotel intersection, he looks into the lo yard of the feed warehouse, which forms a cul-de-sac on h left. Now Dusty opens fire from the protection of the hotel sig Bullets kick up dirt around Emmett, but instead of retrea he slings himself Indian-fashion down along the protected side of his horse, and rides toward the sign. Emmett aims over the mane and fires: once, twice, through the sign. Dusty rises, hit, and Emmett kills him with a t shot. Dusty crashes through the sign to fall to the stree Emmett has just straightened in his saddle and snapped op the loading gate of his empty Colt, when McKendrick opens from where he has reappeared down the street. Emmett is h in the thigh. For one long second there is perfect clarity between the  men. Emmett's eyes stare from his pain-contorted countena at his adversary. McKendrick hesitates only a breath to l at Emmett before raising the rifle and charging. Emmett wheels his horse and painfully spurs it back down block. As McKendrick's fire hits around him, Emmett turns into the nearest cover -- the loading yard of the feed  warehouse. McKendrick rides toward the mouth of the loading yard wit all he's got. He can't let Emmett reload. The glint of vi is in his eyes as he draws near the loading yard. He raises his rifle in preparation for the coming clear s at his trapped enemy. As his horse begins to pass in fron of the loading yard, we hear a terrible RUMBLE OF HOOFBEA on wood. McKendrick's expression changes to horror. Emmett has ridden onto the loading dock of the warehouse charged toward this end. Now he jumps his horse straight into the air over McKendrick's horse. The hooves of Emmet horse catch McKendrick full force with a HORRIBLE SOUND. Emmett's horse lands on its feet, but just barely. From a cloud of dust Emmett watches McKendrick's horse race on,  riderless. Its master is a still shape in the dirt.