4) 0) text: Emmett is now surrounded by the white blankness, moving s under the broiling sun. He stops his walking horses and squints out into the dist seeing something. We see it too, but just barely: a dista horizontal smudge on the glaring sand. Emmett reaches the smudge. It is a man, barefoot and dres only in longjohns, his head propped on a rock, eyes close The man's skin is burned red and beginning to blister, hi lips parched. Yet there is a curious ease to his repose. he has lain down here to die, he has done it in peace. Th is PADEN. Emmett lifts Paden's head and puts the canteen to his lip Paden's eyes struggle to open in the glare. He takes a fe sips of the water. His lips crack with a slight smile at taste. He looks up at Emmett, takes another sip, and trie to speak. Emmett must lean down to hear his raspy whisper he tries again.
4) 1) dialog: Pleased to meet you.
5) 0) text: The terrain here is more hospitable. Paden, wrapped snugl in a blanket, lies with his head against the saddle from pinto. Emmett is preparing his bedroll across the fire.
5) 2) dialog: You got no idea what they were after?
5) 4) dialog: Offend anybody lately?
5) 6) text: Paden understands.
5) 7) dialog: Jefferson City?
5) 9) dialog: I've never been in there. They just  jumped you out of the blue?
5) 11) dialog: (smiles) Me, I'm riding along, minding my own  business. Four cowboys come by and  we decide to ride together for a  while, friendly as can be. I always  figure you might as well approach  life like everybody's your friend or  nobody is... don't make much  difference. We get out in the middle  of that frying pan and suddenly  everybody's pointing their gun but  me. I guess they admired my horse.  She's a great one, a sweet little  bay.
5) 13) dialog: Yup. The whole rig. I don't care  much about the rest, but I surely  will miss that bay. Least they didn't  kill me. That was right considerate,  I thought. They were laughing when  they left me. Thought it was real  funny. I walked for a little while  but there was no use, so I gave it  up. Figured it was just bad luck.
5) 14) text: Emmett comes over and fills Paden's coffee cup.
5) 16) dialog: Where's the pinto going?
5) 18) dialog: Where's Turley?
5) 20) dialog: Maybe I'll go along as far as Chimayo.  Get me some clothes. Maybe a bath.
5) 22) text: Emmett settles down at his saddle and pulls a blanket ove himself. Paden glances at the rifle in its scabbard on th pinto's saddle by his head.
5) 23) dialog: Is this loaded?
5) 24) text: Emmett nods and closes his eyes. Paden smiles at the impl trust and settles down himself.
6) 0) text: Emmett and Paden, who is still clad only in longjohns, ri toward the low, adobe settlement of Chimayo.
7) 0) text: Emmett and Paden enter the town past a cluster of teepees Three Cavalry troopers ride past them.
8) 0) text: The little settlement is the center of civilization for m around. The U. S. Cavalry maintains an outpost here, and  there are many soldiers on the street. Emmett and Paden p up to the general store. Paden dismounts and hands his re to Emmett. Passersby look with curiosity at the undressed Paden.
8) 2) text: Paden nods and looks doubtfully at the store. He scratche himself. Emmett produces some money and flips Paden a coi Paden nods.
8) 3) dialog: I'm good for it.
8) 4) text: Emmett rides up the street, leading the pinto. Paden star toward the store and nearly collides with a shocked woman who covers the eyes of the little girl with her and cross the street. Paden gives an apologetic tip to his non-exis hat as he watches them go. Before he can turn back to the store, his eye is caught by something up the street. He r big. WHAT HE SEES. His horse, a good-looking bay. And, dawdlin his way out of a saloon, a disreputable-looking Cowboy. Paden's hand slaps his side, where his gun should be. He  grimaces and looks around desperately, then hurries into store.
9) 0) text: The lone CLERK is showing a woman customer a bolt of clot at the back of the store. Paden hurries in and makes a be line to the display case holding handguns and ammo. He sp something he likes and taps the glass impatiently. The Cl reacts with distaste to Paden's appearance.
9) 1) dialog: Excuse me, there --
9) 3) text: Paden looks out the front window, up the street. The Cowb is untying the bay's reins. Paden, more agitated now, glances back at the Clerk, then moves around and opens the back of the display case. He  extracts a shiny, new Colt .45. The Clerk reacts with ala and moves toward Paden.
9) 5) dialog: I'll take this one.
9) 8) text: Paden is frustrated. He leans to peer out the window agai
9) 9) dialog: How much to borrow it?
9) 11) dialog: (indicates his coin) What can I get for that?
11) 0) text: Paden holds a broken-down memory of a gun as though it we a cow chip.
11) 1) dialog: (resigned) What's it take?
11) 4) text: Paden snatches it from his grasp and heads out of the sto
11) 5) dialog: I'll be back.
12) 0) text: Paden hurries out into the middle of the street. Several  passersby stop to look at him. A teenage girl lets out a  delighted shriek. IN FRONT OF THE SALOON. The Cowboy has turned the bay int the middle of the street and now looks to see what all th fuss is about. When he makes out Paden standing alone, hi expression changes. Paden is having trouble extracting a shell from the ammo  box. He glances up the street at the Cowboy and sees that has been spotted. He shakes one shell loose and drops the box, trying to insert the bullet in the gun. The Cowboy pulls his six-gun, leans forward, and spurs th bay hard toward Paden. He raises his gun and fires at Pad There is general alarm in the street as the bystanders di for cover. Paden gets the shell loaded as the Cowboy bears down on h firing. The bullets kick up the dust in front and back of Paden, who now raises his pistol slowly. A bullet tears  through the floppy material at his crotch. The Cowboy is  almost upon him when Paden fires. The Cowboy is knocked o the horse and hits the street dead.
13) 0) text: A big, tough Cavalry SERGEANT has been summoned by a TROO and now walks briskly toward -- A small crowd gathered around Paden, who is affectionatel stroking his reacquired horse. Two troopers flank him  suspiciously. The Sergeant glances at the body of the Cow then pushes through the crowd and confronts Paden.
13) 3) text: The bay nuzzles Paden.
13) 4) dialog: Can't you see this horse loves me?
13) 6) dialog: I'll tell you what, on the underside  of this saddle I got my name  scratched. Take a look and you'll  see.
13) 9) text: The Sergeant and Paden both look to see COBB come through the crowd; he is an imposing man in a duster. Paden's rea is deep and mixed, a whole chapter in his life coming bac at him.
13) 10) dialog: (quietly) Hello, Cobb.
13) 15) text: One of the troopers uncinches the saddle and flops it ups down in the dust. "Paden" is scratched on the underside.
13) 17) text: The crowd begins to break up. Paden and Cobb are left fac one another. Cobb takes in Paden's longjohns.
13) 19) dialog: It's been a while.
13) 21) text: Paden's look pierces Cobb, but he bends to pick up his sa and when he straightens, there is a smile on his face.
14) 0) text: Cobb and Paden come out of the general store and start do the sidewalk. Paden is a little unsteady in a pair of che boots. A small pile of clothing is in his arms. On his he is a bad-looking new hat. He catches his reflection in a  window and tries to give the hat a rakish tilt.
14) 1) dialog: Appreciate the loan. I'm good for  it.
14) 3) dialog: I've given that up.
14) 5) dialog: (doubtful) You've got a legitimate job.
14) 7) dialog: You're right.
14) 8) text: Cobb stops and faces Paden.
14) 10) dialog: Well I'm real happy for you, Cobb.  But I think I'll keep looking for  mine.
14) 15) text: Cobb moves off after Kyle. Paden watches a moment  thoughtfully, then follows.
15) 0) text: Kyle is digging into a saddlebag on one of three saddled  horses at the gate of the stockade. Trooper guards flank entrance. Cobb comes up and stares at the gate. Paden rea the end of the sidewalk and leans against a post, watchin The heavy gate is opened and a jailkeep steps out into th sunlight; he looks back into the gloom. TYREE comes out,  wearing civilian clothes, shackled hand and foot. He's me The jailkeep unlocks Tyree's irons and steps back, a litt too quickly. Tyree nods at Cobb and a smile slits his fac Kyle comes up and hands Tyree his holster. Tyree buckles on and bends to tie it to his thigh.
15) 4) text: Kyle and Tyree mount up. Tyree looks down at the longjohn Paden with a sneer.
15) 6) text: The three head out of the village, passing Paden.
15) 9) dialog: (to himself) Thirteen... bad luck.
16) 0) text: Emmett and Paden come out of a restaurant. Paden is now b and fully dressed for the first time and he looks quite  different, better. The old gun he purchased is stuck in h belt. Three horses -- Emmett's, the pinto, Paden's bay -- are tied to the post in the street. Paden is fussing with his new, cheap hat. Emmett takes a  close look at Paden's bay.
16) 2) dialog: And bridle-wise, too. She's the only  thing I lost I really cared about. (he messes with his  hat, disgruntled) 'Cept for maybe my hat. It's a great  one. Got a pretty silver band on it.  My head spent three years training  it. (frowns at his new  hat) I surely do miss that hat.
16) 5) dialog: Going to Turley, was it?
16) 7) text: Paden takes the excess reins of the bay and begins idly  slapping them around the post, distracted. Emmett swings to his horse.
16) 8) dialog: What's Turley like?
16) 10) dialog: They got a saloon there?
16) 12) dialog: Women?
16) 14) text: Paden takes a long time looking around the village's main street. It doesn't look promising. Emmett regards him wit growing bemusement. Finally --
16) 16) text: Paden lights up slightly at the suggestion. He looks up a Emmett. This is how Paden makes his decisions these days. seems to be digesting it slowly.
16) 17) dialog: Maybe... I'll ride along... as far  as Turley.
16) 18) text: Emmett nods and turns his horses into the street. Paden m up and follows him.
18) 0) text: Near the corrals at the end of the main street of the sma town of Turley, a small WAGON TRAIN is loosely formed up, waiting. The settlers from the wagon train mill about. Se regard Emmett and Paden with unusual interest as they rid by on their way into town. One of the Settlers is a lovely young woman. She glances the two men, then returns her attention to her wagon. Bot Emmett and Paden notice her. She is HANNAH.
19) 0) text: A tall gallows is being constructed in the middle of an  intersection. Emmett and Paden look it over as they ride  past. Two workmen pause in their labors and look them ove
20) 0) text: This is the busy part of town. Amidst the street traffic pedestrians sits a wagon with three Settler men, who watc Emmett and Paden's arrival with enormous interest. As the two travelers hitch their horses in front of the saloon, oldest man, HOBART, approaches them with some agitation.
20) 2) text: Emmett and Paden exchange looks.
20) 8) dialog: No, I'm not Hawley.
20) 16) text: Baxter gets down from his horse and smiles, friendly for  him. Emmett and Paden watch with interest.
20) 21) text: Emmett and Paden have continued to watch. Now Hawley look over at them suspiciously.
20) 30) text: Emmett and Paden watch the other five men head in the  direction of the wagon train. Paden looks over at Emmett.
21) 0) text: At the back of the big room is a registration desk for th hotel and stairs to the rooms. Emmett and Paden are eatin near a table of three Tough Men. Emmett is questioning a  WAITRESS, and his questions are making her nervous.
21) 3) text: Paden, munching on a biscuit, has noticed something out i the street; he gets up and walks to the entrance.
22) 0) text: WHAT PADEN SEES. The wagon train is moving by. Paden's  attention is drawn to the seat of one of the wagons. Hann the lovely settler woman, is there; sitting beside her in husbandly manner is Conrad. Paden is interested enough in the pretty girl that he barely registers a new arrival at the saloon's hitching post. The newcomer takes his saddle bags and a Henry .44 rifle from his horse and comes up in the saloon.
23) 0) text: The newcomer is a lithe, strong, black man -- MAL. He has other weapon besides the rifle. Mal looks around the room and walks wearily to the registration desk, although ther is no one behind it. He RINGS a bell for service. At the sound of the bell several of the patrons look up a spot Mal for the first time. The three Tough Men are inst displeased at the sight of the black man. Paden, returnin to his meal, notes their attitude and glances over at Mal Mal leaves his saddlebags at the registration desk, but t the rifle as he walks across to the bar. The nervous Wait is working there. The sight of Mal only adds to her agita
23) 8) text: The Proprietor shoots the Waitress a withering look; she  shrugs helplessly and hurries away. At the tables two of three Tough Men quietly rise and separate, moving toward two ends of the bar. Emmett and Paden watch.
23) 13) dialog: (quietly, to Emmett) Doesn't look quite fair.
23) 15) text: The Second Man lurches up to the bar and pins Mal's arms  behind him. The First Man moves quickly, cocking back his arm for a punch square in Mal's face. As the blow is  unleashed, Mal bends forward with terrific speed and forc pulling the Second Man onto his back. The Second Man's fa is suddenly where Mal's was an instant ago, and the First Man's punch lands hard on it. Mal slams the Second Man's  back against the edge of the bar; he falls to the floor. blocks a blow from the First Man and steps in with a flur of body blows. Back at the Tough Men's table, the Third Man pushes back chair as if to rise. Emmett has just picked up a chicken  leg; now he waves it ever so slightly at the Third Man: " out of it". The Man looks at Emmett and Paden, then settl back into his seat. Mal sends the First Man crashing down through a table wit final blow. He turns in time to see the Second Man, back his feet, grab Mal's whiskey bottle and break it against bar. Mal looks for a frustrated moment at the splashing  whiskey -- what a waste. The Second Man lunges with the s glass. Mal lifts the heavy statuette easily with one hand and uses its upraised arms to catch the Man's wrist and t the bottle painfully from his grasp. Mal's other hand hit the Man once in the throat, and he is down. The Proprietor rises from behind the bar, a sawed-off sho in his hand. Mal spins, swinging the statuette brutally  against the Proprietor's arm. The shotgun clatters to the floor as the Proprietor recoils in pain, crashing into a  shelf of glasses. The fight is over. Suddenly, standing in the doorway holding a leveled gun i an enormously tall figure -- SHERIFF LANGSTON. Dressed ra elegantly in suit and bowler, he dwarfs the man at his si DEPUTY KERN. He surveys the scene as the three injured me stir back to life. When he speaks, it is, surprisingly, w a British accent --
23) 22) text: Langston's attention focuses on Emmett and Paden.
23) 30) text: Mal glares at Langston and, finally, moves. He takes his  rifle from the bar, then walks over, picks up his saddleb and slings them over his shoulder. He is almost to the do when he stops, turns, and walks slowly back to the bar. T shot glass full of whiskey has miraculously survived the  fracas. Mal brings it to his lips and swallows with  satisfaction. He turns and goes out the front door. Langs motions to Deputy Kern to follow and witness Mal's depart Langston turns and looks at Emmett and Paden as he slowly uncocks his revolver and holsters it.
23) 33) text: Langston moves to Emmett and Paden's table and pulls up a chair. He lifts the last biscuit from a basket. He takes fastidious bite.
23) 35) dialog: We'd rather stay.
23) 37) dialog: You're kidding.
24) 0) text: A lean, young man is bouncing around his cell, playing ha sack, keeping a small, leather, bean bag from falling to floor by kicking it with his bare feet. This is JAKE. Langston opens the door to the cellblock and speaks over shoulder to Emmett and Paden, who have removed their guns
24) 2) text: At the sight of Emmett, Jake's face lights up. And then h does an extraordinary thing: with one long stride he is a the cell and into the air; he hits the bars halfway up an clings like a monkey. Paden reacts as if he is one.
24) 15) text: Paden watches, fascinated.
24) 24) dialog: (putting it all  together) So this is the guy you're going to  hang?
24) 26) dialog: (nods) I was afraid of that.
25) 0) text: Emmett and Paden walk along the sparsely populated sidewa They are quiet for a few moments. Finally --
25) 1) dialog: Shame about the kid. Seems a lively  sort.
25) 3) dialog: I hate to see any man swing. Bad  luck.
25) 5) text: Paden stops. Emmett has moved a couple more steps before notices and turns back to Paden.
25) 6) dialog: You'll have to deal me out on that.  I've had some experience with that  sort of thing, and I don't want any  more.
25) 8) dialog: It's not going to be easy.
25) 10) text: Paden nods. He is sympathetic.
25) 11) dialog: Then I guess this is where we part  ways. Sorry.
25) 13) dialog: C'mon, I'll buy you a drink.
25) 15) dialog: All right, you buy me a drink.
25) 17) dialog: You know, a good smelly saloon is my  favorite place in the world.
26) 0) text: This is the busiest place in town, really packed. Emmett  heads for a spot at the bar, but Paden, who is taking in scene with relish, stops in his tracks, staring across th room. WHAT HE SEES. Through the moving jumble of bodies and the heavy smoke, Paden's hat with its silver band, floating a an unseen head at a poker table. Paden adjusts the old gun stuck in his belt and goes in t direction. At the table a heavy game is in progress. An UGLY COWBOY wearing Paden's hat. Paden plants himself across the tabl from the man. In seconds, Paden's posture brings things t halt. Quiet ripples out across the room. The Ugly Cowboy  looks up and recognizes Paden.
26) 1) dialog: You're wearing my hat. What else you  got that's mine?
26) 4) dialog: I hope your hand isn't tickling my  bone-handled Colt. If you stand up  real slow and let me see, you might  live through this night.
26) 5) text: The Ugly Cowboy hesitates, his eyes darting. He pushes hi chair back slowly and begins to rise as if in compliance. But now a bone-handled Colt is in his hand, clearing his  holster. Paden is quicker. He snatches his gun from his b and fires. Paden's eyes, squinting through a cloud of gunsmoke, as w hear the Ugly Cowboy's body CRASH to the floor in his cha Paden's glance now darts down at an angle. WHAT HE SEES. His hat lands on the saloon floor, spins on on its brim, and settles into stillness like a tossed coi Silence in the saloon. Then, in a far corner, the BANGING chairs and a door SLAMMING. Paden's gun points that way, there is no one there. Only an overturned chair, and an e pair of boots -- Paden's. Paden picks up his hat and walks toward his boots. Emmett moves to the dead man, unbuckles the gunbelt, and pulls i free of the body. He picks up the bone-handled Colt and p it in the holster, then stops abruptly. We hear the stead advance of FOOTSTEPS across the saloon floor. Emmett's ey follow the off-screen presence. Paden, seated, is pulling on his newly-regained boots wit delighted air when a shadow surges up and engulfs him. He looks up. Sheriff Langston towers over him.
27) 0) text: Paden is brusquely deposited in the cell next to a surpri Jake by Sheriff Langston and DEPUTY BLOCK.
27) 1) dialog: You're making a big mistake.
29) 0) text: Paden forlornly regards a snoring drunk in another cell a Jake talks to him.
29) 2) dialog: I can't say I'm convinced you're  going anywhere.
29) 4) dialog: I've got no reason to run. It was a  fair fight and there were plenty of  witnesses.
29) 6) dialog: The other guy drew first.
29) 8) text: Paden looks a little discouraged, but is still unconvince
31) 0) text: Paden steps close to the bars that separate the cells and looks up at Jake, who is dangling at arm's length from on of the overhead bars in his cell.
31) 1) dialog: (whispering) Your brother seems pretty good, but  it isn't going to be easy getting in  here.
31) 4) text: Paden, trying to follow this, unbuckles his belt.
31) 6) dialog: (handing him the belt) We didn't get that far.
31) 8) text: Jake grasps Paden's belt by the buckle and snaps it at Pa with a CRACK, like a lion tamer.
34) 1) dialog: (shouting) Hey! What are you doing, you crazy  kid? Don't do it!
34) 3) dialog: Oh, Jesus! Somebody stop him!
35) 1) dialog: Cut him down! For God's sake, cut  him down!
35) 3) dialog: Hurry up! You might be able to save  him!
35) 5) text: Paden, sincerely desperate now, looks up at Jake, whose f is turning blue.
35) 6) dialog: I think I'm going to be sick... when  I see what Langston does to you when  he gets here.
35) 9) text: Paden moves back quickly, motioning for Block to hurry. B holsters his six-gun, opens Jake's cell door, and goes in He gets up on the cot, pulling a knife from a sheath. He  strains up against Jake's body, stretching to cut the bel Suddenly Jake can stand it no longer: he sputters to life his long-held breath blasting in Block's face. Block,  startled, stumbles backwards off the cot, raising the kni threateningly. Jake grabs the overhead bars, swings up, a kicks Block in the chest. The deputy careens across the c and hits the bars. He throws the knife outside the cell a draws his gun, ready to shoot Jake. As Block's finger pulls the trigger, Paden's thumb intrud between the hammer and the firing pin. Paden has reached  through the bars behind Block to grasp the gun with his r hand. Now with his left he grabs a handful of Block's hai and slams the deputy's head hard back against the bars. A Block slides unconscious to the floor, Paden keeps the gu wincingly uncocking it.
35) 10) dialog: Got to be real quiet here.
37) 0) text: Paden and Jake come out warily. The street is deserted. P straps his holster on; he's glad to have it back at last. Not as glad, however, as Jake, who seems to have a nearly religious relationship with his rig, an elaborately toole double gunbelt with two pearl-handled Colts.
37) 2) dialog: (finger to lips:  "quiet") What now?
37) 4) text: The two men move carefully off the porch and into the str A wood stair goes up the outside of the jail to a door. N high behind Jake, Deputy Kern comes out, nightshirt flapp cocking the carbine in his hands. He has thumped down fiv steps before he focuses on Jake and Paden. He starts to r the carbine. Both men see the deputy, but Jake's reaction is so fast t Paden need only watch. Jake spins and, before he has stop both his Colts are erupting in his hands. The carbine fli out of Kern's grasp and clatters down the steps. Jake  continues to fire -- the stair at Kern's foot splinters a he steps backwards and up. Jake continues to splinter the steps at Kern's feet, until he has made the deputy exactl retrace his steps and retreat back through the door. The  firing stops. Paden gives Jake an odd look. Paden may have seen someone this fast and good before, but he can't remember it. He p his finger to his lips -- "shhh".
37) 5) dialog: Where's your brother?
37) 7) text: A bullet WHIZZES between the two men as we hear shots fro the far end of the street. Langston is coming toward them firing. They move back to the cover of the jail porch. ALLEY ACROSS THE STREET. Emmett roars into view, riding h horse and leading two others: Paden's bay and the pinto. A window above the jail breaks open and Kern starts firin at Emmett. DOWN THE STREET. Langston, behind a wagon, uses a British two-handed grip to fire off a few rounds. Emmett brings the horses over, and Paden swings quickly u Jake focuses his attention, unleashing a fusillade as Emm leads the pinto along the front of the jail.
40) 0) text: The three men come thundering along a dusty trail to the  place where it splits. The high road disappears up the si of a ridge; the low road is really the bed of an arroyo. three men exchange looks. Paden plunges into the arroyo.  Emmett shrugs to Jake, and the brothers follow Paden. INTERCUTTING. The Posse splashes across the stream. The t fugitives twist their way through the crooked arroyo. AT THE SPLIT IN THE TRAIL. Langston pulls his group to a  halt. He looks at the tracks leading into the arroyo, and smile splits his face. He leads the Posse up the high roa fast.
41) 0) text: IN THE ARROYO. Paden and Emmett pull up, looking back at  Jake, who has stopped at the last bend in the gully, watc their rear. Now he rides up to the others.
41) 3) text: Jake shakes his head "no". Paden and Emmett exchange long looks. Paden looks to the ground above them, even more  worried.
41) 4) dialog: Oh-oh.
42) 5) text: WHAT HE SEES. Paden, Emmett, and Jake are now halfway to cover of the distant rocks. Another shot CRACKS, and a pu of smoke appears from ahead of them in the boulders.
42) 9) text: As Paden, Emmett, and Jake disappear among the boulders,  Langston rises high in his stirrups to catch a final glim His bowler is blown off his head. He lowers himself back his saddle.
43) 0) text: Emmett and Paden rein in their frothing horses in the nat bowl of rocks near a tied horse and the remains of a camp Jake has stopped short of them and taken his horse back t peer out toward the Posse. Grinning, he comes back to the others. The three riders bring their horses around and fo on a spot above them. On the top of the highest boulder, Mal leaves a comfortab prone shooting position and eases himself down to a lower rock. A bandolier of .44 bullets dangles from one hand. H rests his Henry rifle at an angle across one shoulder.
43) 2) dialog: He is now.
43) 4) dialog: Oh, a guy who got run out of town...
44) 0) text: An awesome rock spire soars into the perfect blue sky abo the orange desert. The sight is spectacular. The slow sur of MUSIC exhilarating. It is the perfect setting in which see the four horsemen who now appear on a ridge. Here the come -- Riding together, side by side, for the first time -- Emme Paden, Jake, and Mal.
46) 9) text: The newcomers now see that a few of the Settler men and b are preparing to ride in pursuit. Mal and Paden exchange  looks, not terribly impressed.
46) 13) text: Paden looks around. His gaze falls on Hannah, somber now, but still lovely. Conrad, her husband, stands beside her. Mal has been watching a little girl cling to the leg of o of the Settler men who is going out on the chase. Now the black man quietly mounts his horse, and speaks to an olde solid-looking man, MR. PARKER, standing by his wife.
46) 16) text: Emmett and Paden watch Mal with interest. Jake is excited this development. He jumps up on his horse.
46) 18) text: Paden isn't so quick to commit, but then he notices Hanna gazing up at Mal and Jake with radiant admiration. He dig that and moves toward his horse.
46) 19) dialog: Deal me in.
46) 29) text: As Conrad moves toward his horse, Paden looks at Hannah, standing all alone. Paden thinks he acted too quickly.
46) 31) text: Paden reacts to Emmett's interest in Hannah.
46) 33) dialog: (quietly, to Emmett) I think you got a point, Emmett.  Maybe I better stay here with her.
46) 34) text: Emmett smiles and snaps his reins, moving out with Mal.  Reluctantly, Paden follows, twisting around for a last gl of Hannah. WHAT HE SEES. Hannah moves toward Conrad's horse, as if t touch her husband. But Conrad, his face set in suspicion, barely nods farewell as he sweeps by her. She looks after him desolately. Mal, Paden, Emmett, and Conrad ride off to the north, as  Jake begins yelling orders to the Settlers to get things  moving. What he lacks in expertise, he makes up for in  enthusiasm.
47) 0) text: The four men track the killers across the rugged terrain. Sometimes, Emmett gets down from his horse to examine the tracks. On a flat, rocky expanse, the chase party is temporarily  stalled. Emmett and Paden confer, balked. Mal, peering ah spots something and points it out to the two expert track a steaming horse patty. They head off in that direction.
48) 1) dialog: (to Emmett) You know, hanging around with you is  no picnic.
49) 0) text: One of the outlaws spills some whiskey onto the money in strongbox. DAWSON, the leader of the gang, angrily slams strongbox closed and kicks the offending outlaw. Suddenly there are cries of warning from the Sentinel at the entra to the box canyon. HOOFBEATS echo into the canyon from th direction. The outlaws react en masse with a frightening  display of armed readiness. WHERE THE TRAIL ENTERS THE CANYON. From the shadows emerg two galloping horses: on the first is Emmett, who holds t reins of the second, across whose saddle is draped the  seemingly lifeless body of Paden. The Sentinel watches th pass under the point of his carbine. AT THE WAGON. Emmett dismounts quickly and ties both hors to a wheel. Dawson decides not to shoot this guy yet. He  watches as Emmett runs back across the canyon to the cove of some crates and crouches down behind them, looking up the rim above the entrance. The outlaws, guns pointed, st around him.
49) 7) text: Paden, lying over the saddle, his face shielded by his ha winces at this story.
49) 17) text: The outlaws, all of whom are standing in the open, think  he's crazy. Dawson motions Hawley toward Emmett's horse.  Hawley is almost there when gunfire erupts from the rocks above and Hawley goes down dead. Now all the outlaws hit dirt, some firing wildly. Paden unobtrusively frees his r Dawson comes down beside Emmett.
53) 3) text: AT THE WAGON. An outlaw is cowering beneath the wagon, bu doesn't notice as Paden reaches out and secures the latch the money box. AT THE HORSE PEN. Emmett throws open the make-shift gate runs in among the horses, yelling and waving his arms. Th horses begin to run out of the pen. AT THE CRATES. Dawson jumps up and orders his men forward line of outlaws rushes toward the pen, all the while firi up at the rim. Paden appears at a gallop from behind, pul Emmett's horse beside him. A rope stretches from his  saddlehorn to the strongbox bouncing along in the dirt. Paden comes through the line of outlaws firing and heads the pen. A few of the outlaws make the mistake of closing the gap and aiming at Paden's back. The bouncing strongbo knocks them head over heels. Emmett leaps from a rock onto his passing horse, firing b him. He and Paden go down the trail in the midst of the  outlaws' horses. The strongbox careens after them.
54) 0) text: Mal and Conrad, mounted; are waiting as Emmett and Paden  ride out of the mouth of the canyon. Beyond them, the out horses scatter toward the horizon. Paden jumps off his ho and picks up the strongbox. IN THE ROCKS ABOVE THEM the Sentinel from the outlaw camp positions himself to fire at the men below.
54) 2) text: Paden is tying the strongbox to his saddlehorn when there the loud CLICK of Conrad's rifle being cocked. He nervous points it at the others.
54) 5) text: A SHOT rings out. Conrad takes it in the chest and flies his horse. Now an amazing sight -- Emmett, Paden, and Mal all turn and fire at once. The Sentinel is really dead.
55) 0) text: Below in the distance the wagon train moves across the de dwarfed by giant rock walls. Now, coming right PAST CAMER at a gallop ride Emmett, Paden, Mal, and Conrad's horse w his body slung over it.
57) 6) text: Paden walks into the light of the fire and pours himself cup of coffee.
57) 8) dialog: (caught, vamps) Oh, I was just checking the, ah... (gestures vaguely  over his shoulder) ...you know, lookin' in.
58) 0) text: SERIES OF SHOTS as the wagon train rolls westward. Paden is driving Hannah's wagon; she sits beside him on t seat.
58) 1) dialog: He acted bravely out there, Hannah.  Just bad luck his getting hit. Could  have been any one of us.
58) 3) dialog: Never will again.
59) 0) text: The wagon train splashes noisily across the river, driver yelling loudly to urge on their teams. Emmett, Paden, Mal and Jake, on horseback, direct the crossing.
60) 0) text: The wagon train is moving through pretty, rolling country Mal rides up to join Emmett and Paden on point ahead of t train. In his hand is a yellowed letter. He points off to the south where a dramatic half-dome of rock towers above the hills.
60) 2) dialog: Good luck, Mal.
61) 4) text: AT HANNAH'S WAGON. Emmett has brought his horse up to fac Hannah and, on horseback beside her wagon, Paden.
61) 7) dialog: I think I'll ride along with the  lady here. Just take a look at this  farmland before I come into Silverado.  See what makes a trip this hard worth  taking. (catches Emmett's  amused look) I'll see you around.
66) 3) dialog: (nods, looking at her) And a pretty lady.
66) 6) dialog: Believe it.
66) 8) dialog: Why?
66) 10) dialog: What's that?
66) 15) dialog: Hannah, don't tell me what you think  I want to hear.
70) 0) text: Paden rides along the dark street, drawn irresistibly tow the thinking MUSIC, lights, and hubbub of the big saloon The Midnight Star.
71) 0) text: Paden comes in and looks around with some pleasure. It's expansive place, busy now with gamblers, drinkers, and  brightly-dressed saloon girls. A piano player bangs away the corner. Paden has to smile. This is the way a saloon  ought to be. Now, even Paden is home. Paden walks up to stand at the bar. The BARTENDER is busy the far end of the bar. Paden is patiently waiting to get his attention when he hears a woman's voice behind him, o his side of the bar.
71) 2) text: Paden turns to face his interlocutor, but at first cannot find her. After a moment, though, he looks down to see a  small woman in a velvet dress -- STELLA.
71) 3) dialog: You work here?
71) 6) dialog: Bourbon.
71) 7) text: As she reaches under the bar and produces bottle and glas Paden leans over and peeks behind the bar. A foot-wide ra runs the length of it.
71) 8) dialog: Nifty.
71) 10) dialog: I'll drink to that. Will you join  me, Miss --
71) 12) dialog: Paden.
71) 13) text: Stella sets up a glass for herself, and they shake hands. Paden looks up at a carved ornamental star on the back wa over the words "The Midnight Star".
71) 14) dialog: Stella... Are you the midnight star  herself?
71) 16) text: A saloon girl -- a lovely, young, black woman -- RAE pass with some drinks. Paden watches her go, then looks around the room.
71) 17) dialog: My compliments to you, Miss Stella.  This is what I call a saloon.
71) 19) dialog: And I know what I'm talking about.
71) 21) dialog: It's the only place I'm happy.
71) 24) dialog: You wouldn't be needing any help  around here, would you? Maybe with  the gambling?
71) 26) text: Paden nods, and now we see him too: a big man in some gam like finery -- KELLY. He is leaning over a poker game.
71) 28) dialog: So-called?
71) 30) dialog: Why'd you go into business with him?
71) 32) dialog: Who's the owner?
71) 34) text: Stella nods toward the door, and Paden turns to look. Cob enters through the swinging doors. He looks around with a proprietary air as he walks to the bar. He is almost ther before his gaze settles on Paden and Stella. He stops in tracks, and a big grin splits his face.
71) 36) text: Cobb moves up and puts an arm around Paden as he shakes h hand. Stella is interested in this connection, but she do faze easily. Paden is the surprised one.
71) 44) text: Kelly casts a wary, appraising glance over Paden, nods, a moves off.
71) 46) dialog: I just got to town.
71) 51) dialog: Luck, I guess.
71) 53) dialog: You didn't tell me you owned a saloon.
71) 54) text: Cobb looks at Paden a long time and laughs.
71) 56) text: He turns away, taking off his coat, and hangs it on a peg back there. When he turns back, rolling up his sleeves, o eyes are drawn to the same thing as Paden's: a shiny, sil sheriff's star.
77) 0) text: Only a few customers. Early light streams in over gamblin tables draped with dust covers. Stella is busy behind the bar. Paden and Emmett are nursing cups of coffee at a tab
77) 1) dialog: Hannah's a smart, pretty woman, but  she's got a hard idea for living.
77) 3) dialog: All I'm saying is, you won't trip  over me if you look her up.
77) 6) dialog: Cobb, I want you to meet Emmett.  He's a friend of mine. (to Emmett) This is Sheriff Cobb.
77) 11) text: Paden watches as the two men let that hang between them.
77) 24) text: Paden, considering, glances at the still swinging doors.
77) 25) dialog: I see you're an understanding boss.
77) 26) text: Cobb chuckles, picks up Paden's coffee cup, and takes a s
77) 28) dialog: Maybe we ought to ask Stella.
77) 35) text: Stella rushes out to the street, as Emmett and Paden get Emmett and Cobb are very close for one moment.
78) 6) text: Paden and Cobb exchange looks for a second. Then Cobb is  bustling off.
78) 8) text: Emmett and Paden watch Cobb move down the street.
78) 10) text: Paden looks at Emmett, then down at Kelly.
80) 0) text: Stella works at the spigots of some large kegs, filling e bottles with a portion of whiskey, diluting them with wat and corking them. Paden comes in and watches her. She han him a bottle to cork and starts the process again as he s it.
80) 1) dialog: Is this a fair mix?
80) 3) dialog: I meant, seemed like a lot of whiskey.
80) 4) text: They share a smile. Paden takes down a fancier bottle fro shelf, examining the label.
80) 5) dialog: What's this?
80) 7) dialog: Oh, yeah? How good?
80) 9) dialog: (pouring the drinks) Here's to the good stuff.
81) 4) text: Slick watches from a card table nearby, with Rae standing beside him. Now his hand drops casually from the curve of her rear to the vicinity of his boot. Paden and Stella come up on opposite sides of the bar, hi in front. Paden sees everything in the room: Tyree's frie Deputies Kyle and GARTH, are behind Jake and clearly pois to kill him if Tyree fails.
81) 5) dialog: What's the problem here?
81) 10) text: As Phoebe starts to move from between the men, Tyree grab her viciously by the arm. In the instant of that movement Paden's hand flashes out and draws Tyree's Colt out of it holster from behind. Garth and Kyle tense as Tyree whirls Paden, eyes flaming. But his own gun is pointed at his ch
81) 11) dialog: Get out of here, Jake.
81) 13) dialog: That's what you said in Turley. You  remember how that ended.
81) 15) dialog: I don't want you getting anyone in  my place.
81) 16) text: Jake looks at Paden, who motions him out with the gun. Ja starts to move grudgingly, but first flashes Phoebe a big "see you later" look. He goes out.
81) 18) text: Paden flips the gun in his grasp and hands it to Tyree, b first.
81) 19) dialog: Why not now?
81) 26) dialog: Give me some of the good stuff.
88) 8) text: Stella has been listening intently. Now her glance shifts Paden has walked up beside Cobb. Cobb lifts his glass to  Paden with a grin, but speaks to Stella.
88) 10) text: Paden gives Cobb an odd glance but smiles.
88) 11) dialog: It evened out in the end. They locked  me up, but the dog sprung me.
88) 12) text: Cobb and Slick laugh, but Stella just watches Paden.
88) 14) dialog: He left me.
88) 17) text: Cobb leads Paden to a table in the corner. As Paden sits  down, Cobb drops the pouch on the table. Paden glances at the contents as Cobb pours the drinks.
88) 19) dialog: This is a lot of money.
88) 21) dialog: It is that.
88) 23) text: Paden looks sharply at Cobb. With some heat --
88) 24) dialog: This is her life. I'll go before she  does.
88) 27) dialog: Well, thanks, but forget it.
88) 29) text: Paden looks at Cobb a long time, then at his drink.
88) 30) dialog: What is it you want from me?
88) 32) dialog: I'm a great believer in doing nothing.
88) 34) dialog: Don't worry about me. If you're taking  on Emmett, the last place I want to  be is between you.
103) 0) text: Close on Mal as he dabs at a split lip with the tail of h shirt. He's sitting on a cot in a cell. He has been beate more. As the door to the outer office clangs open, he rea with resignation; here comes more pain. But when he looks up, it is Paden standing outside the bars. Behind Paden,  Garth throws a hostile look at Mal and goes out. Paden no Mal's condition. Mal regards Paden coolly.
103) 1) dialog: Why are they doing this, Mal?
103) 3) dialog: I heard from Stella you were trying  to find Jake. What happened to Emmett?
103) 5) text: Paden takes the rebuke and shakes his head "no".
103) 7) text: Paden reacts.
103) 9) dialog: (pained) Lucky.
103) 12) dialog: Where's Emmett now?
103) 15) text: Paden grimly acknowledges that.
103) 17) text: Mal gets up to face Paden, separated by only a few inches and the steel bars.
103) 19) text: Paden knows that no explanation will suffice here. Sadly, turns away from his former riding companion and leaves.
104) 2) dialog: (considers a moment) It looks bad, Rae. He's a hard man,  and he won't give them what they  want. It's gonna cost him.
104) 4) dialog: I don't think so.
108) 0) text: Rae has been tearfully telling Phoebe her story as Paden  stands nearby.
108) 2) dialog: (suddenly alert) Where is he now?
108) 4) text: Paden takes off running into the darkness. Phoebe looks a him, confused. Rae grabs her by the shoulders.
113) 0) text: Paden runs up. Down the street in front of the Hollis hou a mass of men and horses, lit by the growing flames, thun away into the night. Paden races toward the house, as  neighbors rush about raising the alarm.
114) 0) text: Paden runs up to the open front door and is momentarily  stopped by the heat.
115) 0) text: In among the flames a bleeding Kate is desperately trying drag J.T.'s inert bulk to the door. Paden reaches her, pi her up, and runs out. Two neighbors pass him on their way J.T.
116) 0) text: A chaotic scene as the fire-fighting is organized. Severa Neighbor Women help Paden ease Kate down on a blanket.
116) 3) text: Paden rises as if to go back in, but stops at --
116) 5) text: Paden reacts to this, then turns as the two neighbors lay J.T.'s body nearby.
118) 0) text: The townspeople have formed a bucket brigade in a losing  battle with the fire at the Hollis house. SHOUTS fill the air above the ROAR of the inferno. Stella is among the new arrivals from the saloon. She is  stopped by the sight of Kate, bloody and hysterical, bein borne away. Horrified by the scene, Stella now snaps out it and begins YELLING ORDERS to the saloon patrons to hel fight the blaze. Paden is only a few feet from the flames, at the head of bucket line. He is in shirt sleeves, sweaty and sooty. Th heat of the fire is driving the line back. The Townsman n to Paden yells to him --
118) 2) text: Cobb, Tyree, and Kyle appear from the shadows. Cobb takes the scene and spots J.T. being carried across the street. motions Tyree over to investigate, then moves toward the  fire. Slick and Rae arrive within the light of the blaze. Slick watches with detached interest, but Rae's gaze quickly lo on Cobb moving through the chaos. She sees him now with n eyes. Phoebe, crying, watches as J.T.'s limp body is hurried of on a stretcher, DR. SKINNER in attendance. She turns and face to face with Tyree, who grasps her arms. She regards him with revulsion and fear, then breaks from him and run off. Cobb moves up next to Paden.
118) 4) text: Paden glances at him, then throws more water on. But now bucket line slows to a halt. The townspeople fade back a  little to watch the inevitable.
118) 6) text: Paden glares at Cobb, who is watching the fire.
118) 8) dialog: Yeah, maybe I will too.
118) 10) dialog: We didn't talk about this. (a beat, indignant) They took the little boy, Cobb.
118) 11) text: Paden moves off toward a nearby hitching post, where he h left his gunbelt and hat. Cobb looks after him a moment,  then follows. They are now a short distance from the  onlookers. Paden straps on his gunbelt, but his eyes are Cobb as he approaches, silhouetted against the flames.
118) 13) text: Paden ties his holster to his thigh.
118) 15) dialog: I saw how you're putting Mal Johnson  straight.
118) 18) dialog: Cobb, you've got nothing I need.
118) 20) dialog: What's she got to do with it?
118) 22) text: Paden stares at Cobb, but now his eyes follow Cobb's righ hand, which swings up to Paden's shoulder.
118) 26) text: Paden watches as Cobb walks over to Stella. Cobb takes a  handkerchief from his pocket and squats before Stella. He starts to wipe her forehead solicitously, but she takes t handkerchief from his hand. Cobb looks back at Paden as h rises and moves off. Paden turns and looks into the leaping flames. Our eyes c barely discern the change as these flames dissolve into  others, the fire now in --
121) 0) text: The place is nearly deserted. Paden sits alone at a table killing a bottle of the good stuff. Stella watches him po another drink.
121) 2) text: Paden throws her a look as she takes one of the empty cha
121) 4) dialog: What do you mean?
121) 6) text: Paden is impressed, even at this late date, by her acuity
121) 7) dialog: What makes you say that?
121) 9) dialog: You sure? Maybe that's the kind of  friend I am.
121) 11) dialog: (bitterly amused) Is that what he said? Well, he figured  it okay this time.
121) 12) text: She regards him as he looks at his glass. Then he looks u and for one moment their eyes meet. Paden, uncomfortable, quickly looks away. In that second, she understands her o role in this. And she is deeply moved. They are silent  together.
127) 0) text: Paden is leaning all the way over the bar to extract a gl from beneath it. He straightens and walks back to the tab where Stella still sits. Now, however, she has drawn her  legs up before her on the chair and is hugging her knees, deep in thought. The saloon is now empty save for these t Paden pours them each a drink and hands Stella's to her.  This brings her back. He clinks his glass with hers and t
127) 1) dialog: To my midnight star.
127) 6) dialog: I like your attitude. But it can be  risky.
127) 10) dialog: I don't want you to get hurt.
127) 12) text: Paden looks at her with growing appreciation. A light is  coming back into his face. A smile slowly grows on his li mirroring hers. The door behind the bar bangs open, and Phoebe comes out, breathless.
128) 2) dialog: Where'd he go?
128) 5) text: Phoebe hurries out. Paden kneels next to Stella.
128) 7) dialog: You better get in there with her  until this thing is over.
146) 2) text: ON THE RISE. Red and the Sentry Cowboy tear toward the  oncoming cattle. They fire their guns repeatedly in the a trying to turn the herd. AT THE CORRAL. Scruffy runs across from the casa grande a joins other Cowboys trying to saddle and mount panicked  horses. Scruffy's horse rears and breaks away from him. ON THE RISE. Red and the Sentry Cowboy are closing with t dust-enshrouded herd, still firing their guns. Suddenly,  from the cloud, there are answering shots. The Sentry Cow is shot dead off his horse. Emerging like a spirit from the dust at the edge of the h comes Emmett, six-gun in hand. On the other side of the herd, Paden's form materializes. aims his Winchester and fires. Red's horse rears. Red goe down and the herd pounds over him. AT THE BUNKHOUSE. Hoyt comes out the door, buckling on hi gunbelt. He looks at the on-rushing stampede, then toward the corral where several Cowboys are swinging up on their horses. Suddenly, there is gunfire from the roof of the  bunkhouse above Hoyt. One of the Cowboys in the corral go down. Another draws his gun and lifts it toward the bunkh but is shot before he can fire. The other Cowboys head fo cover. Hoyt stops some men who are coming out the door be him, and edges out to try to locate the source of the fir ON THE VERANDA. McKendrick comes out of the casa grande a runs to the corner of the veranda nearest the rise. He ta in the stampede, which is almost upon them now, then hear gunfire to his right. He looks back there and sees Mal on the bunkhouse roof, above Hoyt and firing from the protec of the raised rim. Now Mal swings his rifle around toward McKendrick. McKendrick jumps around the corner of the hou as the wall where he was standing takes a hit. SERIES OF SHOTS. The stampede hits the ranch. The herd sp the mass of cattle heading between the casa grande and th bunkhouse/corral area; the rest go around behind the casa grande. They take down everything in their way. Fences fa holding pens are destroyed, horses run free, and Cowboys  scramble away from the deadly current of rampaging cattle NEAR THE BARN. Paden pulls up on the edge of the flow and fires repeatedly at the Cowboys scrambling for safety. Sw is among those hit. BEHIND THE CASA GRANDE. Emmett pulls his horse out of the flow, protected by the building, then dismounts, ties the horse, and runs up to the back door of the house. He thro away the empty, extra six-gun in his hand as he looks  carefully inside. He draws his own gun and goes in. NEAR THE BARN. Paden is coming under increasing fire from the bunkhouse as the cattle thin. He rides into the barn the end of the corral. AT THE BUNKHOUSE. Hoyt directs some of his men, including Scruffy, to work their way along under the eaves of the  bunkhouse and go after Paden. Hoyt glances upward toward sound of Mal's rifle.
148) 0) text: ON THE VERANDA. McKendrick reacts to the shots behind him his house. He moves toward a window and opens it. ON THE BUNKHOUSE ROOF. Mal switches to his father's Henry and shifts around to fire at some outriding Cowboys who a thundering in from the range. AT THE BARN. Three cowboys dive through the main door in  pursuit of Paden. Scruffy, one of Jake's pearl-handled Co at the ready, sneaks along the side of the barn.
154) 0) text: Paden is in an empty stall part-way down one side of the  barn. The three Cowboys have him pinned down from the fro Paden's horse does a panicky dance in the central aisle. horses in the other stalls are spooked. Scruffy sneaks in the back door of the barn. He peeks aro the wall of a stall at Paden's unprotected back. When he  sees Paden stop to reload his Colt, Scruffy steps out and aims at him. Quite unexpectedly, someone swings down from the loft abo kicking Scruffy and sending him flying into the recess of stall. Now the figure drops into view. It's Jake! He dive after Scruffy. Paden, reloaded now and unaware of the struggle behind hi has to shrink back from a splintering rail. Now he hears muffled shots from the back of the barn. He looks over th After a beat, Jake steps into Paden's view, grinning like maniac and happily buckling his reacquired gunbelt. Paden does a double take. Jake gives him a big "Here I am!" ges then indicates he's going up to the loft again to help ou with the guys up front. But first, with real relish, he c his pearl-handled Colts: he draws both at once, tips them to look into the cylinders, then spins them back into the holsters. Then, with a leap, to the loft.
156) 0) text: There are Cowboys in the first stalls on each side of the barn, and a third in a stall closer to Paden. Jake drops  down from the loft behind the first two, his guns in his  holsters. They both see him and react. Jake draws both gu and shoots one, spins, and shoots the other. The third Cowboy turns to look. His mistake. Paden flies  into view and shoots him dead. Paden approaches Jake with wonder. Jake shows him an ugly bruise where the rope was around his neck. When he speaks it is in a hoarse whisper --
156) 2) dialog: (slaps him on the  back) Let's get out of here.
156) 3) text: Paden catches his horse and swings up. Jake pulls a horse from a stall. It is the much-contested pinto, bare-backed but bridled. Paden rides out the back of the barn.
157) 0) text: BACK OF THE BARN. Paden rides out, but pulls up when he  notices that Jake is not following. He is about to go bac when something catches his eye. WHAT HE SEES. Hoyt is just climbing onto the roof of the  bunkhouse, catty-corner from Mal's position. Paden squeezes off a shot, but Hoyt has already disappear from view. Paden looks along the bunkhouse, where he can Mal firing. Mal is protected at present from Hoyt by the chimney he is braced against. But if he isn't warned, Hoy will surprise him. A Cowboy in the bunkhouse spots Paden fires at him. Paden must warn Mal quickly. Yelling is hop in the din. Paden aims carefully at Mal and fires. AT MAL. The chimney is hit just above Mal's head. He swin his rifle around toward -- Paden! Paden signals wildly ab Hoyt. Mal understands just in time: he flops around the  chimney just as Hoyt gets a bead on him. Without knowing Mal avenges his father's murder. Hoyt is blown off the ro The bulk of the herd has passed, but confused cattle are  everywhere. AT THE VERANDA. Jake has ridden across the open area unde heavy fire and now rides for protection up and onto the s veranda of the house, firing into all the windows. His  momentum carries him all the way out the other end. When is beyond the porch, he hears a yell, two voices --
157) 2) text: Jake looks up with a grin. Emmett has Augie out on the ro of the veranda. They are pleased in the extreme at the si of Jake. Jake brings his horse beneath them and gestures Augie. Augie swallows hard once, strides twice, and leaps out, d and onto the bare back of the pinto behind Jake. Paden comes riding up with Emmett's horse in tow. Emmett  moves to the edge of the veranda roof and drops into his  saddle. He winces, his ribs throbbing. They turn their ho away from the ranch and head out.
164) 4) dialog: (smiles) Last one to the Midnight Star buys.
164) 6) text: Jake kicks the bare-back into motion and tears off direct toward town. Emmett heads off to the left. Paden begins t move after Jake, but slower. Mal stops him with --
164) 10) text: Paden nods it back to him, and the bond is re-formed. Mal heads off at a gallop to the right. They are all going to enter town from different directions.
183) 0) text: Paden is walking. He is calm. He rounds a corner and move out into the center of the new street. AT THE END OF THE STREET. Cobb looks up from his seat and sees Paden coming toward him. He had a feeling it would b this way. It makes him sad. He stands up and walks to the center of the street. Paden keeps coming. He watches Cobb, resigned. Now Paden  stops. Stella comes out of an alley. When she takes in the scene she steps onto the sidewalk and puts her hand on a post. looks back and forth between the men. Cobb sees her, but his only real concern is Paden. Paden  sees her, too. His gaze returns to Cobb.
183) 2) dialog: Yeah. Bad luck. (a beat) Good-bye, Cobb.
183) 4) text: They both draw, and it's impossible to say who moved firs But one is luckier. Paden stands as Cobb falls. Paden holsters his gun as though it weighed a hundred pou CUT TO BLACK. SLOW FADE-UP over the SOUNDS of tinkling glasses, piano m and friendly voices.
184) 0) text: Four shot glasses sparkle in a line on the bar. A bottle the good stuff is used to fill them. Stella is pouring the drinks from behind the bar. Now the glasses are lifted by Mal, Jake, Paden, and Emmett. Stell holds up the bottle and proposes a toast --
185) 0) text: Phoebe stands on the porch talking across to Rae, much  recovered, who sits on the seat of a wagon heavily loaded with farming supplies. Rae wears a simple dress and looks quite different. The men come out onto the porch. Emmett shakes Mal's hand and watches him climb onto the wagon. Mal gets the wagon  going, and the other wave. Jake has slipped his arm around Phoebe's waist. Now he tu her into his arms for a big kiss. Emmett is watching Mal and Rae roll away when a woman's h touches his back. He turns to find Hannah looking up at h Paden watches from nearby.
185) 5) text: They look at each other. She kisses him and steps back. W Emmett looks up from her, Paden is watching him with an a look. The two men shake hands. Emmett and Jake mount up.
185) 7) text: Paden gives him a nod. Kate and Augie roll up in a buggy. the back seat, a blanket across his legs, sits J.T. They  wait for the brothers. Augie drives for his recovering mo Stella comes out and stands by Phoebe. Hannah is now standing next to Paden. Emmett looks at the as though they were a couple.
185) 9) dialog: I've got a job.