81) 0) text: The room is crowded but silent, frozen. Near the middle o the bar the sexy, young, saloon girl, PHOEBE, stands  frightened between Jake and Tyree, the mean fellow we saw released at Chimayo -- now a deputy for Sheriff Cobb. The two men appear about to draw.
81) 1) dialog: Nothing happened, Tyree. This is my  job.
81) 10) text: As Phoebe starts to move from between the men, Tyree grab her viciously by the arm. In the instant of that movement Paden's hand flashes out and draws Tyree's Colt out of it holster from behind. Garth and Kyle tense as Tyree whirls Paden, eyes flaming. But his own gun is pointed at his ch
81) 16) text: Jake looks at Paden, who motions him out with the gun. Ja starts to move grudgingly, but first flashes Phoebe a big "see you later" look. He goes out.
81) 24) text: He goes out. Garth and Kyle follow. Phoebe hurries away f Stella's hard look. Slick relaxes. The piano kicks in. Pa leans against the bar toward Stella.
95) 0) text: It's quiet here, nobody around. We move up to the hay-loa window at the loft level. Now Jake dives into view, leapi from the hayloft to a beam and flipping completely around it. We hear GIGGLES. Phoebe climbs the ladder onto the lo and looks in wonder at her manic companion, who now flies back onto the loft. They look at each other with hungry  anticipation.
104) 6) dialog: Rae? It's Phoebe.
108) 0) text: Rae has been tearfully telling Phoebe her story as Paden  stands nearby.
108) 1) dialog: Looking for Jake? Jake's been with  me all evening. I just left him.
108) 3) dialog: He went home.
108) 4) text: Paden takes off running into the darkness. Phoebe looks a him, confused. Rae grabs her by the shoulders.
108) 6) dialog: Slick?
118) 2) text: Cobb, Tyree, and Kyle appear from the shadows. Cobb takes the scene and spots J.T. being carried across the street. motions Tyree over to investigate, then moves toward the  fire. Slick and Rae arrive within the light of the blaze. Slick watches with detached interest, but Rae's gaze quickly lo on Cobb moving through the chaos. She sees him now with n eyes. Phoebe, crying, watches as J.T.'s limp body is hurried of on a stretcher, DR. SKINNER in attendance. She turns and face to face with Tyree, who grasps her arms. She regards him with revulsion and fear, then breaks from him and run off. Cobb moves up next to Paden.
127) 12) text: Paden looks at her with growing appreciation. A light is  coming back into his face. A smile slowly grows on his li mirroring hers. The door behind the bar bangs open, and Phoebe comes out, breathless.
127) 13) dialog: Stella, come quick!
128) 0) text: Phoebe leads them into the dimly-lit room and goes to her knees beside Rae, who lies wounded on the floor. Rae is s conscious and moaning. Stella stoops to examine her wound
128) 1) dialog: (crying) She sprung her brother... all by  herself! And this is what happened...  He brought her here.
128) 3) dialog: I told him about Jake and the little  boy. He went off after Emmett.
128) 5) text: Phoebe hurries out. Paden kneels next to Stella.
142) 0) text: Dr. Skinner has tended Rae on a cot in the dark recess of the shed and now moves with Stella to the door. Phoebe kn beside Rae.
162) 0) text: Rae writhes in pain on the cot. Stella's hand is on Rae's forehead as she speaks to Phoebe.
163) 0) text: The Milliner is urgently closing the shutters on his shop passersby hurry for home. Phoebe edges out of the alley  nearby, turns, and finds herself face to face with Tyree. regards her malevolently.
163) 2) dialog: (scared) Nowhere.
165) 0) text: Rae MOANS loudly, and Stella instinctively reaches out to quiet her, worried about discovery. Stella throws a frust glance toward the door -- where is Phoebe? She can't wait. She goes to the door and peeks out.
185) 0) text: Phoebe stands on the porch talking across to Rae, much  recovered, who sits on the seat of a wagon heavily loaded with farming supplies. Rae wears a simple dress and looks quite different. The men come out onto the porch. Emmett shakes Mal's hand and watches him climb onto the wagon. Mal gets the wagon  going, and the other wave. Jake has slipped his arm around Phoebe's waist. Now he tu her into his arms for a big kiss. Emmett is watching Mal and Rae roll away when a woman's h touches his back. He turns to find Hannah looking up at h Paden watches from nearby.
185) 7) text: Paden gives him a nod. Kate and Augie roll up in a buggy. the back seat, a blanket across his legs, sits J.T. They  wait for the brothers. Augie drives for his recovering mo Stella comes out and stands by Phoebe. Hannah is now standing next to Paden. Emmett looks at the as though they were a couple.