71) 16) text: A saloon girl -- a lovely, young, black woman -- RAE pass with some drinks. Paden watches her go, then looks around the room.
81) 4) text: Slick watches from a card table nearby, with Rae standing beside him. Now his hand drops casually from the curve of her rear to the vicinity of his boot. Paden and Stella come up on opposite sides of the bar, hi in front. Paden sees everything in the room: Tyree's frie Deputies Kyle and GARTH, are behind Jake and clearly pois to kill him if Tyree fails.
82) 0) text: A door opens on the upstairs porch and Rae emerges, giggl and buttoning her dress. A hand reaches out and pulls her back inside for another squealing embrace. She pushes her free and comes outside again, then starts down the exteri stairs. She is almost to the bottom when she stops sudden Mal stands at the bottom of the stairs. They look at each other a long time. Conflicting emotions race across Rae's face, but the winner is cold anger.
82) 2) dialog: What are you doing here? I thought  you were done with our family.
82) 4) text: Rae seems to sway, then sits down on the stairs above Mal For a moment she is somewhere else, but when she returns, her look is as hard as before.
82) 6) dialog: Who did it?
82) 8) dialog: (bitter) Oh that's just fine. Where were you  when Ma and Daddy needed you? It's  too late, Mal. Now you finally show  up and all you can think of is to  get yourself killed.
82) 9) text: Now Slick comes down the stairs behind Rae, pulling on hi jacket. Mal glares at him; this is who can buy his sister now.
82) 11) dialog: Yeah, I'm okay.
82) 12) text: Slick seems unperturbed by Mal's glare. To Rae --
82) 14) dialog: He's not my friend. He used to be my  brother.
82) 18) text: Slick comes down past Mal and moves off. Mal watches him then turns to Rae.
82) 20) dialog: It's none of your business.
82) 22) dialog: (standing up) I don't have any family any more.
97) 0) text: Rae is finishing her evening's makeup in the cracked mirr of her cramped, little room. Mal slides in the door behin her, closing it quickly. He carries his rifle. She sees h reflection and stiffens but continues making up.
97) 1) dialog: Get out. We have nothing to talk  about.
97) 3) dialog: Why come to me?
97) 5) dialog: What's stopping you?
97) 7) dialog: What makes you think I could?
97) 9) dialog: (bitter irony) Because I'm your sister.
97) 11) dialog: Wait here.
98) 0) text: Stella is working behind the bar. Slick is playing poker a table nearby. Now Rae appears and whispers in his ear. throws in his cards, gets up, and follows her toward the  stairs. Stella watches.
99) 0) text: Mal looks up as the door opens, then stands up when he se that Rae has brought Slick with her.
99) 2) dialog: Shut up. You need help, don't you?
102) 0) text: Rae is serving drinks at a table in the noisy saloon. She sees Slick come in. Their eyes meet, but he goes to the b and orders a drink. She hurries over there. Slick throws  back a shot and turns to her, upset.
102) 2) text: Rae is taken aback.
102) 4) text: Rae begins to crack. Slick takes her into his arms. Stell moves up behind the bar, looking closely at Rae.
104) 0) text: Rae waits nervously behind the noisy saloon, peering into the darkness. Now she sees what she's been waiting for: P comes out of the shadows. His mind elsewhere, it takes hi moment to focus on Rae.
104) 1) dialog: Is he all right?
104) 3) dialog: Can't you stop them?
104) 5) text: Rae begins to cry quietly and leans against a wall. Phoeb appears from the other direction and goes up to Rae.
108) 0) text: Rae has been tearfully telling Phoebe her story as Paden  stands nearby.
108) 4) text: Paden takes off running into the darkness. Phoebe looks a him, confused. Rae grabs her by the shoulders.
108) 5) dialog: All evening? Even after Slick came?
108) 7) text: Rae begins to understand an awful truth.
117) 0) text: Word of the fire has not reached here, and normal, noisy  activity reigns. Slick is dealing a three-man poker game. Rae watches him from across the room, then takes a drink  over to him. When she places it before him, he looks up  appreciatively, then goes back to his game. She puts her  arms around him from behind and kisses his neck, then sli sensuously into the empty seat beside him. He ignores her adoring look and roaming hands, but smiles as he plays. BENEATH THE TABLE. Rae's left hand roves excitingly high Slick's thigh. Now, so smooth and quick we barely see it, her right hand lifts his trouser leg and slips the custom made dagger from his boot. Slick deals a hand. Rae watches him thoughtfully. The swi doors behind them crash open, and a TOWNSMAN bursts in.
117) 4) text: Rae nods, and when she rises to take his arm, her hands a empty.
118) 2) text: Cobb, Tyree, and Kyle appear from the shadows. Cobb takes the scene and spots J.T. being carried across the street. motions Tyree over to investigate, then moves toward the  fire. Slick and Rae arrive within the light of the blaze. Slick watches with detached interest, but Rae's gaze quickly lo on Cobb moving through the chaos. She sees him now with n eyes. Phoebe, crying, watches as J.T.'s limp body is hurried of on a stretcher, DR. SKINNER in attendance. She turns and face to face with Tyree, who grasps her arms. She regards him with revulsion and fear, then breaks from him and run off. Cobb moves up next to Paden.
120) 0) text: Middle of the night. All is quiet, no one on the street. watches from the shadows across the street as DEPUTY FOX  leaves the jail and moves away. Rae goes toward the jail.
122) 0) text: Mal looks up as the door to the outer office clangs open. Deputy Garth comes in with Rae in tow. Mal comes to the f of his cell.
122) 2) text: Mal and Rae look at each other.
122) 4) text: Rae steps toward Mal, but Garth suddenly grabs her arm an flings her back against the wall opposite Mal's cell. He  moves close to Rae and slips the big ring of keys over hi bandaged right hand, freeing his left. He looks once at M then down Rae's body. His left hand fondles her.
122) 6) text: Mal's eyes flame as Garth takes Rae in a lascivious embra Suddenly Rae dips to one side within his arms. Her hand c up from her boot with Slick's dagger and plunges it into  Garth's back. The deputy jolts back a few steps in shock, already pulling a six-gun from his belt with his left han He fires once into Rae's body. She goes down. Garth is cocking the gun again with weakening fingers whe Mal's hand encircles his neck and pulls him violently bac against the bars. Garth's gun clatters away down the hall
124) 0) text: Garth, his neck broken, lies crumpled outside Mal's cell. Rae is unconscious and bloodied against the far wall. The large key ring is on the floor under Garth's leg and out Mal's reach. Mal's anguished gaze darts from Rae to the k as he begins to drag the dead weight of Garth's leg towar the bars. The key ring is dragged a few inches, then slip free. Mal tries again, then hears the front door SLAM ope in the outer office. Mal looks at the gun lying useless d the hall.
128) 0) text: Phoebe leads them into the dimly-lit room and goes to her knees beside Rae, who lies wounded on the floor. Rae is s conscious and moaning. Stella stoops to examine her wound
142) 0) text: Dr. Skinner has tended Rae on a cot in the dark recess of the shed and now moves with Stella to the door. Phoebe kn beside Rae.
162) 0) text: Rae writhes in pain on the cot. Stella's hand is on Rae's forehead as she speaks to Phoebe.
165) 0) text: Rae MOANS loudly, and Stella instinctively reaches out to quiet her, worried about discovery. Stella throws a frust glance toward the door -- where is Phoebe? She can't wait. She goes to the door and peeks out.
166) 0) text: Slick checks Rae's room and closes the door. He too is  frustrated. Now he looks out the hall window, down at the alley. WHAT HE SEES. Stella steps quickly out of the storage she and moves away. Slick runs for the steps.
168) 0) text: Slick moves through the dim light. He hears a MOAN and st forward. He looks down at Rae. Half-delirious, she focuse on him and reacts in terror. He makes the derringer disap and kneels beside her.
176) 0) text: Slick has made himself comfortable next to Rae, who has f into a fitful sleep. Now he hears something. The door of shed opens and closes. He waits confidently for Stella to appear around the intervening wall of barrels and crates. But he's looking too low. Mal steps into view, the big He rifle in his hand. Slick's eyes widen, but he gets contro quickly and rises, trying to gauge Mal's attitude. Mal looks from Rae to Slick and back to Rae.
176) 3) text: He looks at Slick as he leans his rifle against the wall. Slick looks at the rifle, then at Mal. Mal seems to  concentrate on Rae and makes a move that way. When he is  past Slick, Slick makes the peculiar, chopping gesture of his left forearm that snaps the derringer into his hand. Mal has been waiting for something and is already turning into Slick. Before Slick can raise his gun hand, Mal has  Slick's wrist in a vise-like grip. Mal's other arm encirc Slick's torso and crushes him against Mal's body. Two str men strain against each other. The cocked derringer wavers perilously toward the sleepin Rae. Suddenly, Mal twists Slick around, banging his hand  into the wall, and the derringer fires. Slick lets it cla to the floor. Rae wakes with a start and watches the combatants in terr The men's eyes are only inches apart. Something flashes  through Mal's and he loosens his embrace. Instantly, Slic dips to the right, lifting his boot to his hand. But his  dagger is not there. Slick's surprised look is answered by Mal's tight grin.
185) 0) text: Phoebe stands on the porch talking across to Rae, much  recovered, who sits on the seat of a wagon heavily loaded with farming supplies. Rae wears a simple dress and looks quite different. The men come out onto the porch. Emmett shakes Mal's hand and watches him climb onto the wagon. Mal gets the wagon  going, and the other wave. Jake has slipped his arm around Phoebe's waist. Now he tu her into his arms for a big kiss. Emmett is watching Mal and Rae roll away when a woman's h touches his back. He turns to find Hannah looking up at h Paden watches from nearby.