1) 0) text: Darkness. Quiet. The CAMERA MOVES through the gloom of th small, dirty, wooden hut, past a broken table, over a wel worn saddle lying on the floor. Now, a pair of boots stan empty by the rotting remains of a rough-hewn bunk, up to holstered gun hung on the corner of the bed. The still sh of a man, a bedroll his only protection from the splinter planks. This is EMMETT, fast asleep. The door of the shack bursts inward as a Gunman crashes i For a moment he is silhouetted against the blinding morni light, his two six-guns blasting even before the door has bounced shut behind him, returning the hut to darkness. Emmett's holster, the gun gone. The gun is here in Emmett's hand, erupting now with three quick explosions. The intruder flies against the far wall the hut and lands on the floor dead. From outside, two bu pierce the plank wall behind Emmett, light streaming thro in .45 calibre shafts. Emmett is out of the bunk and on the floor. He fires once over the bunk. In the moment of quiet that follows, we he running FOOTSTEPS outside the hut. Emmett follows their  progress with the point of his gun, but holds his fire.  Suddenly a shotgun blasts a large hole in the roof of the shack, and the table disintegrates in a new column of lig Emmett glances upward, but quickly returns his attention the side walls, trying to follow that gunman. Now more fi comes from there and more footsteps. Another shotgun blas showers Emmett with debris, but he ignores it, concentrat on the walls. WHAT HE SEES. The Man Outside moves quickly past a crack the wall, momentarily revealing his spot by blocking the  light. Emmett fires once ahead of him, stopping his progr and forcing him back to the crack. Emmett fires his last  shot there, and the man outside goes down hard. The shotgun rips another jagged hole in the ceiling and b a crater in the dirt by Emmett's foot. The shape of a man flashes across the new hole. Emmett looks across the room the top bunk, where the barrel of his Winchester protrude few inches from the bare planks. Emmett throws his empty gun noisily into the far corner of the hut. Instantly the man on the roof blasts away in that direction. Emmett dives for the bunk. With the tips of his fingers, pulls hard on the muzzle. The Winchester flips full circl into the air as the bunk behind it is shredded from above With an odd kind of inevitability, as though seeking its  rightful place, the Winchester arcs into a shaft of light where it is met by Emmett's steady, waiting hands. Before has even settled, he has cocked and fired twice through a hole in the roof. Emmett stops and lowers the carbine. Th Man on the Roof falls spread-eagled through the weakened  ceiling. Debris and sunlight shower his lifeless form. Emmett listens, moves silently to the door, and opens it  carefully. WE FOLLOW him outside, out into the bright  sunlight, into the awesome promise of the American West.
4) 0) text: Emmett is now surrounded by the white blankness, moving s under the broiling sun. He stops his walking horses and squints out into the dist seeing something. We see it too, but just barely: a dista horizontal smudge on the glaring sand. Emmett reaches the smudge. It is a man, barefoot and dres only in longjohns, his head propped on a rock, eyes close The man's skin is burned red and beginning to blister, hi lips parched. Yet there is a curious ease to his repose. he has lain down here to die, he has done it in peace. Th is PADEN. Emmett lifts Paden's head and puts the canteen to his lip Paden's eyes struggle to open in the glare. He takes a fe sips of the water. His lips crack with a slight smile at taste. He looks up at Emmett, takes another sip, and trie to speak. Emmett must lean down to hear his raspy whisper he tries again.
13) 0) text: A big, tough Cavalry SERGEANT has been summoned by a TROO and now walks briskly toward -- A small crowd gathered around Paden, who is affectionatel stroking his reacquired horse. Two troopers flank him  suspiciously. The Sergeant glances at the body of the Cow then pushes through the crowd and confronts Paden.
23) 15) text: The Second Man lurches up to the bar and pins Mal's arms  behind him. The First Man moves quickly, cocking back his arm for a punch square in Mal's face. As the blow is  unleashed, Mal bends forward with terrific speed and forc pulling the Second Man onto his back. The Second Man's fa is suddenly where Mal's was an instant ago, and the First Man's punch lands hard on it. Mal slams the Second Man's  back against the edge of the bar; he falls to the floor. blocks a blow from the First Man and steps in with a flur of body blows. Back at the Tough Men's table, the Third Man pushes back chair as if to rise. Emmett has just picked up a chicken  leg; now he waves it ever so slightly at the Third Man: " out of it". The Man looks at Emmett and Paden, then settl back into his seat. Mal sends the First Man crashing down through a table wit final blow. He turns in time to see the Second Man, back his feet, grab Mal's whiskey bottle and break it against bar. Mal looks for a frustrated moment at the splashing  whiskey -- what a waste. The Second Man lunges with the s glass. Mal lifts the heavy statuette easily with one hand and uses its upraised arms to catch the Man's wrist and t the bottle painfully from his grasp. Mal's other hand hit the Man once in the throat, and he is down. The Proprietor rises from behind the bar, a sawed-off sho in his hand. Mal spins, swinging the statuette brutally  against the Proprietor's arm. The shotgun clatters to the floor as the Proprietor recoils in pain, crashing into a  shelf of glasses. The fight is over. Suddenly, standing in the doorway holding a leveled gun i an enormously tall figure -- SHERIFF LANGSTON. Dressed ra elegantly in suit and bowler, he dwarfs the man at his si DEPUTY KERN. He surveys the scene as the three injured me stir back to life. When he speaks, it is, surprisingly, w a British accent --
35) 11) text: Jake has unhooked himself and is freeing his makeshift no He rubs his reddened neck.
42) 0) text: The three riders break out of the arroyo and exchange loo of glee on seeing the clear flatlands ahead. SHOTS ring o They look over their shoulders to see Langston's Posse,  practically on top of them, pouring over the lip of a ris and firing at will. The three men whip their horses and head flat out across open space toward a cluster of boulders three hundred yar away. They are vulnerable and exposed as shots PING aroun them. They are not going to make it. WITH THE POSSE. Deputy Block jumps from his horse onto th top of a boulder and lies prone, bracing his Winchester f an accurate shot.
42) 2) text: He is about to fire when suddenly the rocky surface in fr of his face explodes. He is so startled, he falls off the boulder. Another Posse member is coming between two tall rocks whe bullet hits near his head and ricochets into the rock on other side. His horse rears up, and the horse coming up b him collides with it. Langston and Deputy Kern have just started across the fla but pull up next to a cactus at this new firing. An arm o the cactus is immediately severed by a .44 slug.
46) 0) text: The Settlers are clustered near a wagon as the four horse ride down on them. There is a tense silence as they dismo and approach the group. Hobart, the leader, steps forward meet them. After a long perusal --
48) 0) text: The four men crawl to the lip of the canyon and get a cle view of the activity below; the box canyon has been turne into a hideout for the Dawson Gang, a band of border raid There are about twenty-five outlaws moving about among th tents, caves, and wagons of the encampment. Their horses penned in a natural alcove in the rock off the main floor the canyon. The strongbox from the wagon train sits on the tailgate o wagon. Next to it is a large keg of whiskey from which th outlaws are drawing generous portions. Baxter and Hawley  have brought the loot proudly back to their cohorts, and celebration is centered around this wagon. On the rim the pursuers exchange looks in reaction to thi new situation.
65) 0) text: Mal reaches the top of the hill, a look of high expectati on his face. But now he pulls up sharply, his expression  changing. Not what he expected. Down below in a pretty, little valley that recently embra a farm are hundreds of cattle, roaming free across the la remnants of the fields. And the burnt-out remains of a sm farmhouse.
68) 21) text: Kate looks between her brothers. She is not reassured.
69) 0) text: Having smothered the fire, Mal mounts up, then reaches do to pull his father onto the horse behind him. They begin  picking their way through the cattle when two night-ridin cowboys, RED and SCRUFFY, approach through the gloom.
69) 1) dialog: Is that you, Ezra?
69) 3) dialog: We're going to find that place one  of these days. Who you got with you,  Ezra?
69) 7) dialog: What? Mr. McKendrick bought this  place from your father.
82) 16) text: Mal just looks at the proffered hand. Slick retracts it  without offense.
82) 28) text: The two men turn to look at the dancing. It's a festive s all around: tables are laden with food near a large bonfi a few of the covered wagons are pulled up nearby, childre dart about before the pick-up band of musicians. Now we see, here among the sodbusters, whirling by with a comely lass, Jake, looking mighty slim without his double gunbelt. He and his partner glide by Emmett, who stands  shouting over the din with Hannah and Mr. and MRS. PARKER
82) 53) text: UP ON THE ROOF of the farmhouse, Carol is yelling and  gesturing to her oblivious father below, while her Friend stares frozen into the night. Jake is wiping his brow as he stands at the edge of the  dancers. He looks up at Carol quizzically. Only now do we hear it, over the din of the music: the TH of hooves. Out of the night, streaming around the farm  buildings, comes a horde of masked Cowboys, McKendrick's  men. They send up a horrible yell and begin firing their  weapons in the air. Their arrival is so sudden that the celebrants are frozen their places, mothers hugging children to them, men far f their weapons. There are SCREAMS. Emmett grabs a panicked child from the path of the horses and moves back, passing her to Hannah. He's trying to gau his response in the midst of all these innocents. Two Cowboys have roped opposite ends of a section of fenc and now pull the deadly drag, already thick with ravaged  corn, through the barnyard, knocking over everything in i path. Jake slides through the chaos toward his gunbelt, hung on peg on the barn wall. A Cowboy pulls the gate from the pigsty, and the pigs squ out. Another Cowboy begins shooting them with a Henry rif On the roof, Carol looks in horror at the death of her pr sow. Emmett is herding as many Settlers as he can toward the c of the barn. Bradley edges toward the door of his farmhouse. Hobart is urging some women between two wagons. A Cowboy  rides by and kicks him viciously. Hoyt pulls up, looks around, then gestures to some of his men. Two Cowboys with prepared torches in their hands rid up to the bonfire and swing low, lighting their firebrand One moves ahead toward the farmhouse, reins his horse, an heaves the torch high in the air toward the roof on which the two children perch. In the air, the tumbling flame suddenly explodes at the R of a shotgun. Sparks shower harmlessly to the ground. Bradley has shot it out of the air with one barrel of his shotgun. The blast has created a momentary, shocked lull the attack. Bradley looks wild. Emmett watches, fearful. His hand is on his gun. Hoyt looks at Bradley. Bradley swings the shotgun around  toward the other torch-bearer. The Cowboy who tossed the first torch shoots Bradley dead Carol screams. Emmett looks across the yard at Jake, who steps out from cowering homesteaders, a gun in each hand. Emmett draws a kills the man who shot Bradley. Now all the Settlers hit dirt. Jake fires from both hands repeatedly. One Cowboy dies an another takes it in the arm. The man who was shooting the pigs swings his rifle around toward Jake, and Emmett kill him with one shot. Hoyt reacts big to the presence of deadly wolves in the m of these sheep. He peers through the tumult, trying to se their faces. His Cowboys are shooting wildly into the cro now, but he rides through them, signalling a retreat. Emmett jumps from the top of a fence to the roof of the h the Henry rifle in his hand. He scrambles to the peak of roof, where the two children still cower. Bracing the rif on the chimney, he takes careful aim. Once... twice... he fires. One Cowboy dead, one wounded and fleeing. Hannah runs up to the riderless horse of a fallen Cowboy pulls a rifle from its scabbard. She cocks it and fires o at the retreating Cowboys. Jake mounts a horse Pony Expre style and rides out of the barnyard.
89) 9) text: He starts to lower the muzzle toward Emmett. There is the echoing CRACK of a shot and the gun flies from Garth's  shattered hand. Mal stands on a rock above them, his rifle pointed.
96) 2) text: She closes the door behind her. Mal sees the cowboy calle Red coming down the street and hurries away in the direct he came from. Red comes up to the WATCHING COWBOY.
96) 3) dialog: No sign of him yet? ("no") He ain't at the saloon either.
109) 0) text: A masked man (Hoyt) steadies Jake, hands bound behind his back, on one of the horses Red and the Watching Cowboy ha brought up to the front of the house. Another of the men  (Scruffy) is just coming out onto the porch.
118) 16) text: Something flicks through Cobb's eyes. He turns slowly and looks at the scene behind him. At the edge of the crowd a tired Stella sits on an overturned bucket, watching the f she wipes her sweaty brow with the sleeve of her dress. S looking that way --
132) 0) text: Cobb is barely in the door when he stops, noticing someth out of place. The gun cabinet has been forced open; its  splintered door is ajar.
136) 0) text: Hundreds of cattle are grazing here in the morning light, sea of speckled hides. Now a Cowboy pulls up in the  foreground. He is heavily armed. His watchful gaze is not the cattle, but outward toward the horizon.
137) 0) text: More Cowboys here, armed and watchful. Red comes along a  corral and climbs up onto a fence to peer into the distan
146) 0) text: IN THE CORRAL. One of the horses drinking at the trough l its head, ears twitching. A wave of restlessness goes thr the horses. On the top of the fence, Red notices and begi to listen intently. ON THE VERANDA. Scruffy stands up from a step and looks o toward the rise beyond the corrals. Alarm creeps into his face. AT THE BUNKHOUSE. Swann, his shoulder bandaged, comes out join a Sentry Cowboy looking with concern at the rise.  Suddenly, the Sentry Cowboy starts running toward a saddl horse nearby. Red has jumped from the fence now too and  mounted up quickly. The two horsemen head off toward the  rise at a gallop. Swann looks in alarm at -- THE CREST OF THE RISE. Pouring into view with a ground-sh RUMBLE is a huge herd of stampeding cattle. AT THE BUNKHOUSE. Swann turns to the door of the bunkhous and shouts inside.
146) 2) text: ON THE RISE. Red and the Sentry Cowboy tear toward the  oncoming cattle. They fire their guns repeatedly in the a trying to turn the herd. AT THE CORRAL. Scruffy runs across from the casa grande a joins other Cowboys trying to saddle and mount panicked  horses. Scruffy's horse rears and breaks away from him. ON THE RISE. Red and the Sentry Cowboy are closing with t dust-enshrouded herd, still firing their guns. Suddenly,  from the cloud, there are answering shots. The Sentry Cow is shot dead off his horse. Emerging like a spirit from the dust at the edge of the h comes Emmett, six-gun in hand. On the other side of the herd, Paden's form materializes. aims his Winchester and fires. Red's horse rears. Red goe down and the herd pounds over him. AT THE BUNKHOUSE. Hoyt comes out the door, buckling on hi gunbelt. He looks at the on-rushing stampede, then toward the corral where several Cowboys are swinging up on their horses. Suddenly, there is gunfire from the roof of the  bunkhouse above Hoyt. One of the Cowboys in the corral go down. Another draws his gun and lifts it toward the bunkh but is shot before he can fire. The other Cowboys head fo cover. Hoyt stops some men who are coming out the door be him, and edges out to try to locate the source of the fir ON THE VERANDA. McKendrick comes out of the casa grande a runs to the corner of the veranda nearest the rise. He ta in the stampede, which is almost upon them now, then hear gunfire to his right. He looks back there and sees Mal on the bunkhouse roof, above Hoyt and firing from the protec of the raised rim. Now Mal swings his rifle around toward McKendrick. McKendrick jumps around the corner of the hou as the wall where he was standing takes a hit. SERIES OF SHOTS. The stampede hits the ranch. The herd sp the mass of cattle heading between the casa grande and th bunkhouse/corral area; the rest go around behind the casa grande. They take down everything in their way. Fences fa holding pens are destroyed, horses run free, and Cowboys  scramble away from the deadly current of rampaging cattle NEAR THE BARN. Paden pulls up on the edge of the flow and fires repeatedly at the Cowboys scrambling for safety. Sw is among those hit. BEHIND THE CASA GRANDE. Emmett pulls his horse out of the flow, protected by the building, then dismounts, ties the horse, and runs up to the back door of the house. He thro away the empty, extra six-gun in his hand as he looks  carefully inside. He draws his own gun and goes in. NEAR THE BARN. Paden is coming under increasing fire from the bunkhouse as the cattle thin. He rides into the barn the end of the corral. AT THE BUNKHOUSE. Hoyt directs some of his men, including Scruffy, to work their way along under the eaves of the  bunkhouse and go after Paden. Hoyt glances upward toward sound of Mal's rifle.
153) 0) text: AT THE BUNKHOUSE. Hoyt is hugging the side wall of the  bunkhouse. He warily looks around the back corner. WHAT HE SEES. Mal's horse is tethered near a stack of cra and barrels that rises almost to the roof.
154) 0) text: Paden is in an empty stall part-way down one side of the  barn. The three Cowboys have him pinned down from the fro Paden's horse does a panicky dance in the central aisle. horses in the other stalls are spooked. Scruffy sneaks in the back door of the barn. He peeks aro the wall of a stall at Paden's unprotected back. When he  sees Paden stop to reload his Colt, Scruffy steps out and aims at him. Quite unexpectedly, someone swings down from the loft abo kicking Scruffy and sending him flying into the recess of stall. Now the figure drops into view. It's Jake! He dive after Scruffy. Paden, reloaded now and unaware of the struggle behind hi has to shrink back from a splintering rail. Now he hears muffled shots from the back of the barn. He looks over th After a beat, Jake steps into Paden's view, grinning like maniac and happily buckling his reacquired gunbelt. Paden does a double take. Jake gives him a big "Here I am!" ges then indicates he's going up to the loft again to help ou with the guys up front. But first, with real relish, he c his pearl-handled Colts: he draws both at once, tips them to look into the cylinders, then spins them back into the holsters. Then, with a leap, to the loft.
158) 0) text: The three horses with four riders come tearing toward us. They form a dusty "V" as they intersect with Mal's arriva from the other side of the bunkhouse. Even now, shots are fired after them. But they are on their way.
174) 0) text: It's dark in here with the shutters closed. Tyree jumps  inside, gun poised. When Kyle bangs through from the back Tyree almost shoots him. They scan the room and advance  cautiously into the shadows. Nobody here. Now they back o eyeing the dark stairwell. When they are safely on the porch, Tyree motions for Kyle go down one side of the building while he starts down the other. Jake appears from beneath Stella's ramp behind the bar an vaults lightly over the bar. In a moment he stands just i the open doorway. He peeks out, then turns so his back is the outside, his guns still holstered.
176) 3) text: He looks at Slick as he leans his rifle against the wall. Slick looks at the rifle, then at Mal. Mal seems to  concentrate on Rae and makes a move that way. When he is  past Slick, Slick makes the peculiar, chopping gesture of his left forearm that snaps the derringer into his hand. Mal has been waiting for something and is already turning into Slick. Before Slick can raise his gun hand, Mal has  Slick's wrist in a vise-like grip. Mal's other arm encirc Slick's torso and crushes him against Mal's body. Two str men strain against each other. The cocked derringer wavers perilously toward the sleepin Rae. Suddenly, Mal twists Slick around, banging his hand  into the wall, and the derringer fires. Slick lets it cla to the floor. Rae wakes with a start and watches the combatants in terr The men's eyes are only inches apart. Something flashes  through Mal's and he loosens his embrace. Instantly, Slic dips to the right, lifting his boot to his hand. But his  dagger is not there. Slick's surprised look is answered by Mal's tight grin.
180) 0) text: McKendrick comes out of an alley and tears toward the  intersection which Dusty commands from the roof of the ho porch. McKendrick waves his rifle at Dusty and rounds the corner of the hotel. Now Emmett comes out of the alley in pursuit. He slows a since McKendrick is no longer in sight. As he moves down block toward the hotel intersection, he looks into the lo yard of the feed warehouse, which forms a cul-de-sac on h left. Now Dusty opens fire from the protection of the hotel sig Bullets kick up dirt around Emmett, but instead of retrea he slings himself Indian-fashion down along the protected side of his horse, and rides toward the sign. Emmett aims over the mane and fires: once, twice, through the sign. Dusty rises, hit, and Emmett kills him with a t shot. Dusty crashes through the sign to fall to the stree Emmett has just straightened in his saddle and snapped op the loading gate of his empty Colt, when McKendrick opens from where he has reappeared down the street. Emmett is h in the thigh. For one long second there is perfect clarity between the  men. Emmett's eyes stare from his pain-contorted countena at his adversary. McKendrick hesitates only a breath to l at Emmett before raising the rifle and charging. Emmett wheels his horse and painfully spurs it back down block. As McKendrick's fire hits around him, Emmett turns into the nearest cover -- the loading yard of the feed  warehouse. McKendrick rides toward the mouth of the loading yard wit all he's got. He can't let Emmett reload. The glint of vi is in his eyes as he draws near the loading yard. He raises his rifle in preparation for the coming clear s at his trapped enemy. As his horse begins to pass in fron of the loading yard, we hear a terrible RUMBLE OF HOOFBEA on wood. McKendrick's expression changes to horror. Emmett has ridden onto the loading dock of the warehouse charged toward this end. Now he jumps his horse straight into the air over McKendrick's horse. The hooves of Emmet horse catch McKendrick full force with a HORRIBLE SOUND. Emmett's horse lands on its feet, but just barely. From a cloud of dust Emmett watches McKendrick's horse race on,  riderless. Its master is a still shape in the dirt.
183) 4) text: They both draw, and it's impossible to say who moved firs But one is luckier. Paden stands as Cobb falls. Paden holsters his gun as though it weighed a hundred pou CUT TO BLACK. SLOW FADE-UP over the SOUNDS of tinkling glasses, piano m and friendly voices.
185) 0) text: Phoebe stands on the porch talking across to Rae, much  recovered, who sits on the seat of a wagon heavily loaded with farming supplies. Rae wears a simple dress and looks quite different. The men come out onto the porch. Emmett shakes Mal's hand and watches him climb onto the wagon. Mal gets the wagon  going, and the other wave. Jake has slipped his arm around Phoebe's waist. Now he tu her into his arms for a big kiss. Emmett is watching Mal and Rae roll away when a woman's h touches his back. He turns to find Hannah looking up at h Paden watches from nearby.