69) 0) text: Having smothered the fire, Mal mounts up, then reaches do to pull his father onto the horse behind him. They begin  picking their way through the cattle when two night-ridin cowboys, RED and SCRUFFY, approach through the gloom.
69) 2) dialog: (to his mate, jovially) You see pretty good, Red. Is there  one or two of them? (He laughs) What brings you out of your hole,  Johnson?
69) 5) dialog: Ain't that sweet, Red? I'm afraid  you boys are trespassing on McKendrick  land.
69) 12) dialog: Killing cattle is a hanging offense  in these parts. If we shot you down  right now, we'd be within our rights.
69) 15) dialog: Who would that be? You?
69) 16) text: Behind Mal, Ezra lowers the barrel of his own Henry towar the cowboys and cocks it. He looks like a man coming back life. The two cowboys are dumbfounded. They turn and star to ride away. Scruffy shouts back at them --
69) 17) dialog: This ain't the end of it!
74) 7) text: Ezra thinks a moment, looks over at Scruffy, then back to Hoyt.
83) 0) text: Augie is standing circus-style on the saddle of the pinto he rides down the alley. As he approaches the main street his foot slips, and he bumps down hard into the saddle. T horse is barely in his control as he bounces out into the busier thoroughfare, and into the path of -- An imposing  phalanx of four horsemen: Hoyt, Scruffy, SWANN, and their boss, ETHAN MCKENDRICK. The pinto shies as the horsemen p up abruptly.
109) 0) text: A masked man (Hoyt) steadies Jake, hands bound behind his back, on one of the horses Red and the Watching Cowboy ha brought up to the front of the house. Another of the men  (Scruffy) is just coming out onto the porch.
112) 0) text: Scruffy, back at the door now, fires twice into J.T., sla his big body backward against the base of a counter. Kate's scream is muffled by her gag. Augie, eyes wide, da to his father's body, but rather than embrace him, he pri the gun from J.T.'s fingers and raises it toward Scruffy. Kate sees what's happening and leaps at Scruffy. He vicio pistol-whips her. Her unconscious, falling body knocks th gun from Augie's hand. McKendrick is straightening now, his head clearing. His  bandana has fallen from his face. He looks in horror at t wounded Hollises. Augie stares at his revealed face. Scruffy's gun is cocked and pointed at Augie.
112) 2) dialog: He saw you.
138) 0) text: Scruffy, scratching his belly, walks along the porch of t main ranch house, the casa grande. As he comes up to us a the corner and looks around, we see that he is wearing Ja elaborately tooled, double gunbelt with the pearl-handled Colts. As he moves down the other side of the house, we see  McKendrick standing at a window, looking out.
146) 0) text: IN THE CORRAL. One of the horses drinking at the trough l its head, ears twitching. A wave of restlessness goes thr the horses. On the top of the fence, Red notices and begi to listen intently. ON THE VERANDA. Scruffy stands up from a step and looks o toward the rise beyond the corrals. Alarm creeps into his face. AT THE BUNKHOUSE. Swann, his shoulder bandaged, comes out join a Sentry Cowboy looking with concern at the rise.  Suddenly, the Sentry Cowboy starts running toward a saddl horse nearby. Red has jumped from the fence now too and  mounted up quickly. The two horsemen head off toward the  rise at a gallop. Swann looks in alarm at -- THE CREST OF THE RISE. Pouring into view with a ground-sh RUMBLE is a huge herd of stampeding cattle. AT THE BUNKHOUSE. Swann turns to the door of the bunkhous and shouts inside.
146) 2) text: ON THE RISE. Red and the Sentry Cowboy tear toward the  oncoming cattle. They fire their guns repeatedly in the a trying to turn the herd. AT THE CORRAL. Scruffy runs across from the casa grande a joins other Cowboys trying to saddle and mount panicked  horses. Scruffy's horse rears and breaks away from him. ON THE RISE. Red and the Sentry Cowboy are closing with t dust-enshrouded herd, still firing their guns. Suddenly,  from the cloud, there are answering shots. The Sentry Cow is shot dead off his horse. Emerging like a spirit from the dust at the edge of the h comes Emmett, six-gun in hand. On the other side of the herd, Paden's form materializes. aims his Winchester and fires. Red's horse rears. Red goe down and the herd pounds over him. AT THE BUNKHOUSE. Hoyt comes out the door, buckling on hi gunbelt. He looks at the on-rushing stampede, then toward the corral where several Cowboys are swinging up on their horses. Suddenly, there is gunfire from the roof of the  bunkhouse above Hoyt. One of the Cowboys in the corral go down. Another draws his gun and lifts it toward the bunkh but is shot before he can fire. The other Cowboys head fo cover. Hoyt stops some men who are coming out the door be him, and edges out to try to locate the source of the fir ON THE VERANDA. McKendrick comes out of the casa grande a runs to the corner of the veranda nearest the rise. He ta in the stampede, which is almost upon them now, then hear gunfire to his right. He looks back there and sees Mal on the bunkhouse roof, above Hoyt and firing from the protec of the raised rim. Now Mal swings his rifle around toward McKendrick. McKendrick jumps around the corner of the hou as the wall where he was standing takes a hit. SERIES OF SHOTS. The stampede hits the ranch. The herd sp the mass of cattle heading between the casa grande and th bunkhouse/corral area; the rest go around behind the casa grande. They take down everything in their way. Fences fa holding pens are destroyed, horses run free, and Cowboys  scramble away from the deadly current of rampaging cattle NEAR THE BARN. Paden pulls up on the edge of the flow and fires repeatedly at the Cowboys scrambling for safety. Sw is among those hit. BEHIND THE CASA GRANDE. Emmett pulls his horse out of the flow, protected by the building, then dismounts, ties the horse, and runs up to the back door of the house. He thro away the empty, extra six-gun in his hand as he looks  carefully inside. He draws his own gun and goes in. NEAR THE BARN. Paden is coming under increasing fire from the bunkhouse as the cattle thin. He rides into the barn the end of the corral. AT THE BUNKHOUSE. Hoyt directs some of his men, including Scruffy, to work their way along under the eaves of the  bunkhouse and go after Paden. Hoyt glances upward toward sound of Mal's rifle.
148) 0) text: ON THE VERANDA. McKendrick reacts to the shots behind him his house. He moves toward a window and opens it. ON THE BUNKHOUSE ROOF. Mal switches to his father's Henry and shifts around to fire at some outriding Cowboys who a thundering in from the range. AT THE BARN. Three cowboys dive through the main door in  pursuit of Paden. Scruffy, one of Jake's pearl-handled Co at the ready, sneaks along the side of the barn.
154) 0) text: Paden is in an empty stall part-way down one side of the  barn. The three Cowboys have him pinned down from the fro Paden's horse does a panicky dance in the central aisle. horses in the other stalls are spooked. Scruffy sneaks in the back door of the barn. He peeks aro the wall of a stall at Paden's unprotected back. When he  sees Paden stop to reload his Colt, Scruffy steps out and aims at him. Quite unexpectedly, someone swings down from the loft abo kicking Scruffy and sending him flying into the recess of stall. Now the figure drops into view. It's Jake! He dive after Scruffy. Paden, reloaded now and unaware of the struggle behind hi has to shrink back from a splintering rail. Now he hears muffled shots from the back of the barn. He looks over th After a beat, Jake steps into Paden's view, grinning like maniac and happily buckling his reacquired gunbelt. Paden does a double take. Jake gives him a big "Here I am!" ges then indicates he's going up to the loft again to help ou with the guys up front. But first, with real relish, he c his pearl-handled Colts: he draws both at once, tips them to look into the cylinders, then spins them back into the holsters. Then, with a leap, to the loft.