78) 3) dialog: Excuse me, Sheriff. I'm a gambler  who would like to run an honest game  in your town. To whom do I speak  about that? (glances down) I hope it's not this gentleman.
81) 4) text: Slick watches from a card table nearby, with Rae standing beside him. Now his hand drops casually from the curve of her rear to the vicinity of his boot. Paden and Stella come up on opposite sides of the bar, hi in front. Paden sees everything in the room: Tyree's frie Deputies Kyle and GARTH, are behind Jake and clearly pois to kill him if Tyree fails.
81) 20) text: The situation is now totally reversed, and no one can qui believe it. Tyree cocks the gun. At the poker table Slick lifts his pant leg, revealing the handle of a custom-made dagger secreted in his boot.
81) 24) text: He goes out. Garth and Kyle follow. Phoebe hurries away f Stella's hard look. Slick relaxes. The piano kicks in. Pa leans against the bar toward Stella.
82) 9) text: Now Slick comes down the stairs behind Rae, pulling on hi jacket. Mal glares at him; this is who can buy his sister now.
82) 10) dialog: Are you all right, Rae?
82) 12) text: Slick seems unperturbed by Mal's glare. To Rae --
82) 13) dialog: Will you introduce me to your friend?
82) 15) dialog: (offers his hand to  Mal) Calvin Stanhope... but my mother  called me Slick.
82) 16) text: Mal just looks at the proffered hand. Slick retracts it  without offense.
82) 17) dialog: I know what you're thinking, mister,  but I think Rae's a special lady.  Excuse me.
82) 18) text: Slick comes down past Mal and moves off. Mal watches him then turns to Rae.
88) 3) text: Slick is standing at the bar. Cobb settles in next to him They nod at each other.
88) 5) dialog: Sheriff.
88) 6) text: Cobb turns to Stella, who has put a bottle before him and pouring Cobb and herself drinks. Cobb seems to be includi Slick in the following story, though he addresses Stella.
88) 12) text: Cobb and Slick laugh, but Stella just watches Paden.
98) 0) text: Stella is working behind the bar. Slick is playing poker a table nearby. Now Rae appears and whispers in his ear. throws in his cards, gets up, and follows her toward the  stairs. Stella watches.
99) 0) text: Mal looks up as the door opens, then stands up when he se that Rae has brought Slick with her.
100) 0) text: We are looking up at the church steeple from across the  square. Now Slick steps into the foreground, looks around and waves someone on from behind. Mal comes into the fram
100) 1) dialog: (quietly) Jake said he'd meet you behind the  church. Be careful. They're all over  the place.
100) 2) text: Mal's opinion of Slick has softened. He offers his hand.
100) 4) dialog: (shakes hands) Good luck.
102) 0) text: Rae is serving drinks at a table in the noisy saloon. She sees Slick come in. Their eyes meet, but he goes to the b and orders a drink. She hurries over there. Slick throws  back a shot and turns to her, upset.
102) 1) dialog: Did your brother tell you he killed  a deputy?
102) 3) dialog: Jake never showed up. Sheriff Cobb  arrested Mal. Took him off to jail.
102) 4) text: Rae begins to crack. Slick takes her into his arms. Stell moves up behind the bar, looking closely at Rae.
117) 0) text: Word of the fire has not reached here, and normal, noisy  activity reigns. Slick is dealing a three-man poker game. Rae watches him from across the room, then takes a drink  over to him. When she places it before him, he looks up  appreciatively, then goes back to his game. She puts her  arms around him from behind and kisses his neck, then sli sensuously into the empty seat beside him. He ignores her adoring look and roaming hands, but smiles as he plays. BENEATH THE TABLE. Rae's left hand roves excitingly high Slick's thigh. Now, so smooth and quick we barely see it, her right hand lifts his trouser leg and slips the custom made dagger from his boot. Slick deals a hand. Rae watches him thoughtfully. The swi doors behind them crash open, and a TOWNSMAN bursts in.
117) 2) text: Most of the patrons rush out, including the players in Sl game, who grab their chips first. Slick peeks at one of t thrown-down hands out of curiosity, then rises slowly.
117) 3) dialog: Shall we take a look?
118) 2) text: Cobb, Tyree, and Kyle appear from the shadows. Cobb takes the scene and spots J.T. being carried across the street. motions Tyree over to investigate, then moves toward the  fire. Slick and Rae arrive within the light of the blaze. Slick watches with detached interest, but Rae's gaze quickly lo on Cobb moving through the chaos. She sees him now with n eyes. Phoebe, crying, watches as J.T.'s limp body is hurried of on a stretcher, DR. SKINNER in attendance. She turns and face to face with Tyree, who grasps her arms. She regards him with revulsion and fear, then breaks from him and run off. Cobb moves up next to Paden.
122) 6) text: Mal's eyes flame as Garth takes Rae in a lascivious embra Suddenly Rae dips to one side within his arms. Her hand c up from her boot with Slick's dagger and plunges it into  Garth's back. The deputy jolts back a few steps in shock, already pulling a six-gun from his belt with his left han He fires once into Rae's body. She goes down. Garth is cocking the gun again with weakening fingers whe Mal's hand encircles his neck and pulls him violently bac against the bars. Garth's gun clatters away down the hall
126) 0) text: The keys still lie in the middle of the hall, the gun dow at the end. Fox comes through the door, gun raised, and takes in the  sight of the two bodies. He looks up in surprise as Slick dagger flies into his chest with a THUNK. Fox dies. Down the line of bars, Mal's right arm is extended into t corridor, as it was when he released the knife.
144) 0) text: Dr. Skinner comes out and begins to walk away. Slick appe from between two buildings. They nod to each other, and D Skinner walks away. Slick watches him for a moment, then  moves up the alley, looking around as he goes. He walks p the shed and on toward the street.
145) 0) text: Slick reaches the end of the alley and stops. Cobb comes  down the sidewalk toward him. They talk confidentially. S shakes his head. They part, continuing their separate pro
166) 0) text: Slick checks Rae's room and closes the door. He too is  frustrated. Now he looks out the hall window, down at the alley. WHAT HE SEES. Stella steps quickly out of the storage she and moves away. Slick runs for the steps.
167) 0) text: Slick runs past the shed door and peers between buildings search of Stella. She's gone. He comes back to the shed.  Before opening the door he does an odd thing: he chops hi left forearm sharply downward and a shiny derringer slide crisply into his grip from beneath his sleeve. He enters  cautiously.
168) 0) text: Slick moves through the dim light. He hears a MOAN and st forward. He looks down at Rae. Half-delirious, she focuse on him and reacts in terror. He makes the derringer disap and kneels beside her.
168) 1) dialog: Don't be afraid, baby. I'll stay  with you until your little friend  comes back.
176) 0) text: Slick has made himself comfortable next to Rae, who has f into a fitful sleep. Now he hears something. The door of shed opens and closes. He waits confidently for Stella to appear around the intervening wall of barrels and crates. But he's looking too low. Mal steps into view, the big He rifle in his hand. Slick's eyes widen, but he gets contro quickly and rises, trying to gauge Mal's attitude. Mal looks from Rae to Slick and back to Rae.
176) 1) dialog: I'm glad you're here, Mal. I've been  watching her, but she needs a doctor.
176) 3) text: He looks at Slick as he leans his rifle against the wall. Slick looks at the rifle, then at Mal. Mal seems to  concentrate on Rae and makes a move that way. When he is  past Slick, Slick makes the peculiar, chopping gesture of his left forearm that snaps the derringer into his hand. Mal has been waiting for something and is already turning into Slick. Before Slick can raise his gun hand, Mal has  Slick's wrist in a vise-like grip. Mal's other arm encirc Slick's torso and crushes him against Mal's body. Two str men strain against each other. The cocked derringer wavers perilously toward the sleepin Rae. Suddenly, Mal twists Slick around, banging his hand  into the wall, and the derringer fires. Slick lets it cla to the floor. Rae wakes with a start and watches the combatants in terr The men's eyes are only inches apart. Something flashes  through Mal's and he loosens his embrace. Instantly, Slic dips to the right, lifting his boot to his hand. But his  dagger is not there. Slick's surprised look is answered by Mal's tight grin.
176) 5) text: Their bodies jerk as Slick gets his last surprise and goe limp in Mal's arms. He falls to the floor, his own boot d protruding from his ribcage. Mal kneels to embrace his sister.