71) 1) dialog: What can I do you for, stranger?
71) 2) text: Paden turns to face his interlocutor, but at first cannot find her. After a moment, though, he looks down to see a  small woman in a velvet dress -- STELLA.
71) 4) dialog: I run the place. What can I get you?
71) 9) dialog: (smiles) The world is what you make of it,  friend. If it doesn't fit, you make  alterations.
71) 11) dialog: Stella.
71) 13) text: Stella sets up a glass for herself, and they shake hands. Paden looks up at a carved ornamental star on the back wa over the words "The Midnight Star".
71) 15) dialog: I am. I'm always there, but I only  shine at night.
71) 18) dialog: Thanks. That's what I call it too.
71) 20) dialog: You like a good saloon?
71) 22) dialog: Me too. What's wrong with us?
71) 25) dialog: (points) You see that fellow over there in  the gray coat?
71) 27) dialog: That's Kelly, my so-called partner.  He runs that side.
71) 29) dialog: Yeah, aside from being a loud-mouthed,  lying cheat, he's just the man I  would have picked.
71) 31) dialog: I don't own this place. The man who  does stuck me with Kelly.
71) 33) dialog: Here he comes right now.
71) 34) text: Stella nods toward the door, and Paden turns to look. Cob enters through the swinging doors. He looks around with a proprietary air as he walks to the bar. He is almost ther before his gaze settles on Paden and Stella. He stops in tracks, and a big grin splits his face.
71) 36) text: Cobb moves up and puts an arm around Paden as he shakes h hand. Stella is interested in this connection, but she do faze easily. Paden is the surprised one.
71) 38) dialog: That was my plan.
71) 48) dialog: It's not in use at the moment.
77) 0) text: Only a few customers. Early light streams in over gamblin tables draped with dust covers. Stella is busy behind the bar. Paden and Emmett are nursing cups of coffee at a tab
77) 14) text: Stella appears with Kelly, who speaks to Cobb.
77) 17) text: Stella is surprised. The charge is true, but she didn't k this was coming.
77) 22) text: Without warning Cobb hits Kelly viciously in the stomach. Stella jumps. Cobb grabs the doubled-over Kelly by the ha and the belt, and propels him out of the saloon, letting before Kelly crashes through the swinging doors and into street. Cobb comes back toward the table as though nothin had happened.
77) 30) dialog: You'd be welcome.
77) 32) dialog: No, Kelly! He'll kill you!
77) 33) text: Cobb is already in motion. He spins, drawing his gun, and fires repeatedly at the swinging doors. Kelly has been ai over them and is blasted back into the street as the slat splinter. Cobb holsters his gun. The coffee cup is still his other hand. He takes a final sip, puts the cup down, licks a spilled drop off his thumb. Stella is repulsed. Cobb fixes her with a malevolent look and his tone is icy --
77) 35) text: Stella rushes out to the street, as Emmett and Paden get Emmett and Cobb are very close for one moment.
78) 0) text: Down the street a stagecoach is rolling into town. Cobb s off the porch to kneel beside Kelly's body. He looks acro at the already-kneeling Stella.
78) 2) text: Stella stands, so for a moment she is taller than he. She stalks back into the saloon. The stagecoach has pulled up across the street. A tall, l gambler has disembarked and now walks toward the saloon,  carrying his heavy satchel. He moves through the assemble people until he is standing over Kelly's body. This is SL
80) 0) text: Stella works at the spigots of some large kegs, filling e bottles with a portion of whiskey, diluting them with wat and corking them. Paden comes in and watches her. She han him a bottle to cork and starts the process again as he s it.
80) 2) dialog: I'm saving lives here. The straight  stuff would raise a blood blister on  boot leather.
80) 6) dialog: That's the good stuff.
80) 10) text: Stella lifts her glass, sealing the bond.
80) 11) dialog: May it last a long time.
81) 4) text: Slick watches from a card table nearby, with Rae standing beside him. Now his hand drops casually from the curve of her rear to the vicinity of his boot. Paden and Stella come up on opposite sides of the bar, hi in front. Paden sees everything in the room: Tyree's frie Deputies Kyle and GARTH, are behind Jake and clearly pois to kill him if Tyree fails.
81) 7) dialog: He can't do that, Tyree. Cobb's hired  him.
81) 9) dialog: Come out of there, Phoebe. You've  done enough.
81) 21) dialog: Don't do it, Tyree. I just lost a  partner. If you kill him, I'll never  get anyone to work here.
81) 24) text: He goes out. Garth and Kyle follow. Phoebe hurries away f Stella's hard look. Slick relaxes. The piano kicks in. Pa leans against the bar toward Stella.
81) 25) dialog: You really are a gambler.
87) 0) text: Stella and Cobb have been dividing the receipts between t Cobb puts another sum in a leather pouch.
87) 2) text: Stella is impressed by the amount. Cobb notes her reactio
87) 4) dialog: I wouldn't worry about that.
87) 6) text: Cobb opens the office door and holds it for Stella.
88) 0) text: Cobb and Stella come out into the saloon, which is not ye crowded. Stella moves up her ramp behind the bar as Cobb  walks along in front of it.
88) 1) dialog: From what I've seen, Paden doesn't  care much about money.
88) 6) text: Cobb turns to Stella, who has put a bottle before him and pouring Cobb and herself drinks. Cobb seems to be includi Slick in the following story, though he addresses Stella.
88) 8) text: Stella has been listening intently. Now her glance shifts Paden has walked up beside Cobb. Cobb lifts his glass to  Paden with a grin, but speaks to Stella.
88) 12) text: Cobb and Slick laugh, but Stella just watches Paden.
88) 13) dialog: Where's the dog now?
98) 0) text: Stella is working behind the bar. Slick is playing poker a table nearby. Now Rae appears and whispers in his ear. throws in his cards, gets up, and follows her toward the  stairs. Stella watches.
102) 5) dialog: What's going on here, Rae?
118) 0) text: The townspeople have formed a bucket brigade in a losing  battle with the fire at the Hollis house. SHOUTS fill the air above the ROAR of the inferno. Stella is among the new arrivals from the saloon. She is  stopped by the sight of Kate, bloody and hysterical, bein borne away. Horrified by the scene, Stella now snaps out it and begins YELLING ORDERS to the saloon patrons to hel fight the blaze. Paden is only a few feet from the flames, at the head of bucket line. He is in shirt sleeves, sweaty and sooty. Th heat of the fire is driving the line back. The Townsman n to Paden yells to him --
118) 16) text: Something flicks through Cobb's eyes. He turns slowly and looks at the scene behind him. At the edge of the crowd a tired Stella sits on an overturned bucket, watching the f she wipes her sweaty brow with the sleeve of her dress. S looking that way --
118) 26) text: Paden watches as Cobb walks over to Stella. Cobb takes a  handkerchief from his pocket and squats before Stella. He starts to wipe her forehead solicitously, but she takes t handkerchief from his hand. Cobb looks back at Paden as h rises and moves off. Paden turns and looks into the leaping flames. Our eyes c barely discern the change as these flames dissolve into  others, the fire now in --
121) 0) text: The place is nearly deserted. Paden sits alone at a table killing a bottle of the good stuff. Stella watches him po another drink.
121) 1) dialog: Can't you drink any faster? We need  the bottles.
121) 3) dialog: What is it that I can't figure?
121) 5) dialog: Cobb's got something on you, and it  must be pretty good.
121) 8) dialog: If he didn't you'd never sit still  while this was happening.
121) 10) dialog: (laughs derisively) Nah! (moving on) What's he got? This is a nice saloon,  but there are other nice saloons.  It's not the money. Not for you. Why  can't I get ahold of it? (watches him take a  drink) Cobb says there's no telling what  you're going to care about.
127) 0) text: Paden is leaning all the way over the bar to extract a gl from beneath it. He straightens and walks back to the tab where Stella still sits. Now, however, she has drawn her  legs up before her on the chair and is hugging her knees, deep in thought. The saloon is now empty save for these t Paden pours them each a drink and hands Stella's to her.  This brings her back. He clinks his glass with hers and t
127) 3) dialog: Cobb's using me to stop you. So good  people are being hurt because of me. (a beat) That makes me mad.
127) 5) dialog: Some people think because they're  stronger -- or meaner -- they can  push you around. I've seen a lot of  that. But it's only true if you let  it be. The world is what you make of  it.
127) 7) dialog: I'm ready for that.
127) 9) dialog: How about you?
127) 11) dialog: He can't hurt me if he's dead.
128) 0) text: Phoebe leads them into the dimly-lit room and goes to her knees beside Rae, who lies wounded on the floor. Rae is s conscious and moaning. Stella stoops to examine her wound
128) 4) dialog: (to Phoebe) Stop your crying. Go get Doc Skinner  and bring him to the shed. (to Paden) Pick her up.
128) 5) text: Phoebe hurries out. Paden kneels next to Stella.
128) 6) dialog: I've got a place I can hide her.
142) 0) text: Dr. Skinner has tended Rae on a cot in the dark recess of the shed and now moves with Stella to the door. Phoebe kn beside Rae.
142) 2) text: Stella nods, then cracks the door to peek outside.
162) 0) text: Rae writhes in pain on the cot. Stella's hand is on Rae's forehead as she speaks to Phoebe.
162) 1) dialog: Better bring the doc. (as Phoebe turns) Be careful.
165) 0) text: Rae MOANS loudly, and Stella instinctively reaches out to quiet her, worried about discovery. Stella throws a frust glance toward the door -- where is Phoebe? She can't wait. She goes to the door and peeks out.
166) 0) text: Slick checks Rae's room and closes the door. He too is  frustrated. Now he looks out the hall window, down at the alley. WHAT HE SEES. Stella steps quickly out of the storage she and moves away. Slick runs for the steps.
167) 0) text: Slick runs past the shed door and peers between buildings search of Stella. She's gone. He comes back to the shed.  Before opening the door he does an odd thing: he chops hi left forearm sharply downward and a shiny derringer slide crisply into his grip from beneath his sleeve. He enters  cautiously.
172) 0) text: Stella is pounding on the door without luck. She gives up looks around, and hurries off.
174) 0) text: It's dark in here with the shutters closed. Tyree jumps  inside, gun poised. When Kyle bangs through from the back Tyree almost shoots him. They scan the room and advance  cautiously into the shadows. Nobody here. Now they back o eyeing the dark stairwell. When they are safely on the porch, Tyree motions for Kyle go down one side of the building while he starts down the other. Jake appears from beneath Stella's ramp behind the bar an vaults lightly over the bar. In a moment he stands just i the open doorway. He peeks out, then turns so his back is the outside, his guns still holstered.
176) 0) text: Slick has made himself comfortable next to Rae, who has f into a fitful sleep. Now he hears something. The door of shed opens and closes. He waits confidently for Stella to appear around the intervening wall of barrels and crates. But he's looking too low. Mal steps into view, the big He rifle in his hand. Slick's eyes widen, but he gets contro quickly and rises, trying to gauge Mal's attitude. Mal looks from Rae to Slick and back to Rae.
181) 0) text: Stella has been hurrying through the empty streets. Now s pauses to listen to the new silence.
183) 0) text: Paden is walking. He is calm. He rounds a corner and move out into the center of the new street. AT THE END OF THE STREET. Cobb looks up from his seat and sees Paden coming toward him. He had a feeling it would b this way. It makes him sad. He stands up and walks to the center of the street. Paden keeps coming. He watches Cobb, resigned. Now Paden  stops. Stella comes out of an alley. When she takes in the scene she steps onto the sidewalk and puts her hand on a post. looks back and forth between the men. Cobb sees her, but his only real concern is Paden. Paden  sees her, too. His gaze returns to Cobb.
184) 0) text: Four shot glasses sparkle in a line on the bar. A bottle the good stuff is used to fill them. Stella is pouring the drinks from behind the bar. Now the glasses are lifted by Mal, Jake, Paden, and Emmett. Stell holds up the bottle and proposes a toast --
184) 1) dialog: To California!
184) 2) text: They echo her and clink glasses. Stella clinks with the  bottle. When they toss back their drinks, she tips the bo to her lips, then puts it down on the bar, as the four gl come down.
184) 5) text: The four men move toward the door as Stella walks down he ramp. Emmett walks with a slight limp.
185) 7) text: Paden gives him a nod. Kate and Augie roll up in a buggy. the back seat, a blanket across his legs, sits J.T. They  wait for the brothers. Augie drives for his recovering mo Stella comes out and stands by Phoebe. Hannah is now standing next to Paden. Emmett looks at the as though they were a couple.