83) 0) text: Augie is standing circus-style on the saddle of the pinto he rides down the alley. As he approaches the main street his foot slips, and he bumps down hard into the saddle. T horse is barely in his control as he bounces out into the busier thoroughfare, and into the path of -- An imposing  phalanx of four horsemen: Hoyt, Scruffy, SWANN, and their boss, ETHAN MCKENDRICK. The pinto shies as the horsemen p up abruptly.
83) 2) text: Swann looks with interest at the pinto, then reaches out grabs the reins from Augie's hand.
83) 4) dialog: Where'd you get this horse, kid?
83) 6) dialog: The hell it is.
83) 13) text: Hoyt eyes Emmett, who seems familiar. Emmett looks at Swa in such a way that Swann releases the reins of the pinto.
83) 20) dialog: Mr. McKendrick, don't you recognize  that pinto?
83) 22) dialog: That's Lee's horse.
83) 24) text: Now McKendrick understands. He avoids Emmett's gaze and s to Swann.
110) 0) text: Inside only two masked men remain, McKendrick and Swann.  J.T. watches them with hostile eyes. Swann notices Kate  peering out the window at Jake.
110) 1) dialog: Take a long look, lady. It's the  last you'll see of him.
110) 3) text: McKendrick has been looking thoughtfully at the ledgers a records shelved around the land office. Now he picks up t lamp Jake brought into the room. It lights his eyes above the bandana mask. They lock with J.T.'s . McKendrick heav the lamp into the shelves. Kerosene flames engulf the led McKendrick starts to move toward the door. J.T. snaps. He picks up a heavy register book and hurtles with enormous force, hitting McKendrick in the back of th head and knocking him down. J.T. dives for McKendrick's g Kate watches in terror, then sees Swann point his gun at scrambling J.T. She grabs Swann's arm, and his gun fires  into the floor. J.T. comes up with McKendrick's gun and fires quickly at  Swann, who has thrown off Kate. Swann, hit in the shoulde crashes back through a window and out onto the porch.
146) 0) text: IN THE CORRAL. One of the horses drinking at the trough l its head, ears twitching. A wave of restlessness goes thr the horses. On the top of the fence, Red notices and begi to listen intently. ON THE VERANDA. Scruffy stands up from a step and looks o toward the rise beyond the corrals. Alarm creeps into his face. AT THE BUNKHOUSE. Swann, his shoulder bandaged, comes out join a Sentry Cowboy looking with concern at the rise.  Suddenly, the Sentry Cowboy starts running toward a saddl horse nearby. Red has jumped from the fence now too and  mounted up quickly. The two horsemen head off toward the  rise at a gallop. Swann looks in alarm at -- THE CREST OF THE RISE. Pouring into view with a ground-sh RUMBLE is a huge herd of stampeding cattle. AT THE BUNKHOUSE. Swann turns to the door of the bunkhous and shouts inside.
146) 1) dialog: Stampede!