15) 0) text: Kyle is digging into a saddlebag on one of three saddled  horses at the gate of the stockade. Trooper guards flank entrance. Cobb comes up and stares at the gate. Paden rea the end of the sidewalk and leans against a post, watchin The heavy gate is opened and a jailkeep steps out into th sunlight; he looks back into the gloom. TYREE comes out,  wearing civilian clothes, shackled hand and foot. He's me The jailkeep unlocks Tyree's irons and steps back, a litt too quickly. Tyree nods at Cobb and a smile slits his fac Kyle comes up and hands Tyree his holster. Tyree buckles on and bends to tie it to his thigh.
15) 2) text: Tyree looks up and straightens slowly at the sight of Pad No love lost. Cobb, standing between them, grins and then laughs. He takes the reins of his horse from Kyle and swi up.
15) 4) text: Kyle and Tyree mount up. Tyree looks down at the longjohn Paden with a sneer.
15) 5) dialog: (like a knife) Where's the dog?
81) 0) text: The room is crowded but silent, frozen. Near the middle o the bar the sexy, young, saloon girl, PHOEBE, stands  frightened between Jake and Tyree, the mean fellow we saw released at Chimayo -- now a deputy for Sheriff Cobb. The two men appear about to draw.
81) 2) dialog: Shut up.
81) 4) text: Slick watches from a card table nearby, with Rae standing beside him. Now his hand drops casually from the curve of her rear to the vicinity of his boot. Paden and Stella come up on opposite sides of the bar, hi in front. Paden sees everything in the room: Tyree's frie Deputies Kyle and GARTH, are behind Jake and clearly pois to kill him if Tyree fails.
81) 6) dialog: (with venom) Stay out of it, Paden.
81) 8) dialog: That's Cobb's mistake.
81) 10) text: As Phoebe starts to move from between the men, Tyree grab her viciously by the arm. In the instant of that movement Paden's hand flashes out and draws Tyree's Colt out of it holster from behind. Garth and Kyle tense as Tyree whirls Paden, eyes flaming. But his own gun is pointed at his ch
81) 17) dialog: (to Paden) I should have killed you a long time  ago.
81) 18) text: Paden flips the gun in his grasp and hands it to Tyree, b first.
81) 20) text: The situation is now totally reversed, and no one can qui believe it. Tyree cocks the gun. At the poker table Slick lifts his pant leg, revealing the handle of a custom-made dagger secreted in his boot.
81) 22) text: Tyree considers for a moment, then holsters his gun. To S
81) 23) dialog: Better start looking.
89) 2) text: Emmett immediately begins to bolt toward his horse. A las settles around his arms and whips him viciously backwards In a second he is back on his feet and running like a bul toward Deputy Kyle, who has stepped from the brush to thr the rope. Immediately a second lasso catches Emmett from other side and pulls taut. A deputy on horseback, CHARLIE has roped him. Charlie and Kyle pull their ropes, yanking Emmett onto his back. Now appearing around a bend in the arroyo is Tyree, a nas glint in his eye. He rides hard directly toward Emmett. E watches the pounding hooves approach. He struggles but ca move. Tyree's horse thunders over him, one hoof catching side with a sickening THUD. Emmett writhes in agony. Tyree turns his horse and heads back. Kyle pulls harder o his rope. Tyree rides over Emmett again, but we can't see the damage for the dust. Tyree walks his horse over and l down, as Garth, Kyle, and Charlie converge. Emmett's head is bleeding, his body crumpled. But he look up at them through pain-squinted eyes.
89) 4) dialog: Cobb said he'd be hard to kill.
89) 6) dialog: (to Emmett) Guess you couldn't hear us coming. (to the others) He was practicing so hard for a fight,  he missed the whole thing.
89) 13) dialog: Do you want to find out?
101) 6) text: Tyree comes up behind Mal and takes the rifle from his ha Suddenly he hits him in the kidney with the rifle butt. M goes down.
118) 2) text: Cobb, Tyree, and Kyle appear from the shadows. Cobb takes the scene and spots J.T. being carried across the street. motions Tyree over to investigate, then moves toward the  fire. Slick and Rae arrive within the light of the blaze. Slick watches with detached interest, but Rae's gaze quickly lo on Cobb moving through the chaos. She sees him now with n eyes. Phoebe, crying, watches as J.T.'s limp body is hurried of on a stretcher, DR. SKINNER in attendance. She turns and face to face with Tyree, who grasps her arms. She regards him with revulsion and fear, then breaks from him and run off. Cobb moves up next to Paden.
130) 0) text: Cobb, having just finished breakfast, steps out into the  morning light and looks around at his domain. He works th toothpick in his mouth and watches Tyree come slowly up t street on horseback. They nod their greetings and head do the street.
131) 0) text: Tyree ties his horse in front, and the two men go inside.
132) 1) dialog: Garth! (nothing) Yo, Fox!
132) 2) text: Tyree draws his gun, but Cobb is already moving toward th cellblock door.
133) 0) text: Cobb and Tyree survey the scene: the empty cell, three po of blood, two bodies -- Garth and Fox. Cobb watches as Ty checks the two deputies and shakes his head.
159) 0) text: The SHOPKEEPER is placing items in his front window when eye is caught by something across the street. We can see  only a dim reflection of it in the glass. With a concerne look, the Shopkeeper comes outside. WHAT HE SEES. Trouble. Five men, loaded for bear, are com out of Cobb's office: Cobb, McKendrick, Tyree, Kyle, and  DUSTY, another deputy.
160) 6) text: He heads off in the same direction as Dusty. Tyree moves next to Cobb.
160) 7) dialog: I'm gonna enjoy this.
160) 10) text: Tyree moves off in yet a new direction. The Shopkeeper  approaches Cobb nervously.
163) 0) text: The Milliner is urgently closing the shutters on his shop passersby hurry for home. Phoebe edges out of the alley  nearby, turns, and finds herself face to face with Tyree. regards her malevolently.
163) 1) dialog: Where you going?
163) 3) dialog: This is no time to be on the streets.  Maybe you oughta come along with me.
171) 0) text: Tyree has heard the commotion and moves toward it.
173) 0) text: Tyree stops across the street from the Midnight Star and  looks at Jake's horse and the open doors. Across the  intersection Kyle appears at a run. Tyree motions him to around the back of the saloon. Tyree runs across the stre When he is on the porch of the saloon, he pulls his gun a begins edging toward the open doors.
174) 0) text: It's dark in here with the shutters closed. Tyree jumps  inside, gun poised. When Kyle bangs through from the back Tyree almost shoots him. They scan the room and advance  cautiously into the shadows. Nobody here. Now they back o eyeing the dark stairwell. When they are safely on the porch, Tyree motions for Kyle go down one side of the building while he starts down the other. Jake appears from beneath Stella's ramp behind the bar an vaults lightly over the bar. In a moment he stands just i the open doorway. He peeks out, then turns so his back is the outside, his guns still holstered.
175) 0) text: Jake backs quietly out onto the porch. When he stops, he see both Tyree and Kyle moving along their respective por
175) 2) text: Tyree and Kyle spin at the sound. Only then does Jake dra both guns and, pointing them in two completely different  directions, he shoots both men at once.