0) 9) text: The CAMERA MOVES IN and for the first time we see them. M JENSEN, in her late 20's, has a bandanna around her hair a workman's mask over her nose, but we can tell from her  eyes and cheekbones that she is beautiful. SAM WHEAT, in late 30's, is also hidden behind a mask, but he has a str forehead and handsome features. Sweat is dripping down hi brow, leaving streaks in the dust. CARL BRUNER, early 30' removes his mask revealing a good looking young man with fashionable two-day stubble. Both men have their shirts o
0) 18) text: Carl laughs as he looks at Sam. Their bodies, covered wit white powder, appear as strange, ghostly figures.
0) 19) dialog: Sam, this may be none of my business,  but I'm concerned you're doing too  much coke.
0) 23) dialog: (offering his body) How 'bout me?
0) 25) dialog: I'll never wash again.
0) 27) text: Sam, Molly, and Carl are holding their sledgehammers. Mol begins to count.
0) 32) text: She glances at him lovingly. Carl looks at the two of the and grins. As the dust settles we see, for the first time, the outli of the space they are working in. It is a huge loft over  four thousand square feet. Banks of windows run east and  west. Molly steps back and admires the room.
0) 34) dialog: You guys lucked out. Hell, I bet you  could sell it tomorrow and double  your investment.
0) 36) dialog: What I wouldn't do for a place like  this.
0) 39) dialog: Oh, by the way, Sam, I had to move  your 3:00 with Bob Kahan to 4:00 so  you could squeeze in Gary Alan. He  called yesterday and said he has to  see you today about the Danway stuff.  Three o'clock was the only time he  could make it. Also, the board meeting  in L.A. has been confirmed for the  12th. I got you on a 9:00 a.m. flight.
0) 41) dialog: (continuing) Hey, Sam, relax. This isn't brain  surgery you're going into.
0) 43) dialog: Sam, you'll be fine. You're great  with people.
0) 44) text: Sam's jacket flares open. He is wearing yellow suspenders Carl notices.
0) 45) dialog: (continuing) Hey, nice. I like those.
0) 48) text: Carl smiles and then turns to admire a car going by.
0) 49) dialog: Jesus, look at that, a Testerossa.  That's the car I'm gonna drive when  I'm making two hundred grand.
1) 0) text: Sam and Carl are standing on a crowded elevator. It is de quiet. Suddenly Carl elbows Sam and winks. There is somet he wants him to do. Sam hesitates a moment, annoyed, and  then relents. He clears his throat.
1) 2) dialog: He said it was contagious. Very  contagious. I shouldn't be going  into work today. (he coughs loudly) But what could I do?
1) 5) dialog: Not good. It's spreading everywhere.
1) 7) dialog: Everywhere. He said be sure not to  touch anyone.
1) 8) text: We see people trying to inch away. Carl coughs again. The hold their breath. The elevator stops at the next floor. the passengers get off.
2) 0) text: Sam and Carl, laughing, walk through a large office area  bustling with activity. Employees, in various cubicles, a talking on telephones and punching information into compu Sam heads into his executive office. Carl steps into a cu across the aisle. ROSE, Sam's secretary, approaches him.
2) 8) text: He hurries over to Carl's cubicle. He is on the phone. Ca cups the mouthpiece.
2) 9) dialog: Hold on.
2) 11) dialog: Sure. Just let me have your MAC code.
2) 12) text: Sam pulls out his wallet and extracts a small address boo He jots the code numbers on a piece of paper and hands it Carl.
2) 14) dialog: You bet. I'll do it right away.
3) 34) dialog: Sam? Molly? Anybody home?
3) 38) text: Carl enters, shakes Molly's hand, and pats Sam on the bac
3) 39) dialog: Hi, Moll. Hi, Sam. So, how's it goin?
4) 0) text: As the angel pulls away from camera, we see the newly  decorated loft for the first time. It is painted now in l pastels. The floor, a huge gymnasium-like expanse, is  lacquered with polyurethane. Furniture and boxes are pili up along the walls. Dominating the space, with a kind of  surreal presence, are a large number of Molly's sculpture and ceramics. There is also a vintage jukebox. Carl is  impressed.
4) 1) dialog: Wow! The place looks great. Really  great.
4) 3) dialog: "Like" is hardly the word. I never  imagined it would be this beautiful.  This is incredible.
5) 0) text: Sam, Molly, and Carl are sprawled out on the floor, eatin from Cartons of Chinese food. Frank, a gray cat, eats bes them. Unpacked boxes are scattered everywhere.
5) 9) dialog: You? You weren't even a VP yet.
5) 11) text: Carl smiles.
5) 19) text: She looks at Sam and grins. Carl is staring at Molly,  obviously turned on by her. He is embarrassed when she ca his gaze and quickly looks away.
7) 0) text: Sam is sitting at his computer. His address book with his access codes is sitting open beside him. He seems perplex by something happening on the screen. After pushing a ser of buttons and getting the same response, he whacks the  computer on the side. Carl, walking in the door, sees him Sam looks up sheepishly.
7) 2) dialog: The Mark Greenberg and Larry White  accounts. I can't get in. Your MAC  code doesn't work.
7) 4) dialog: Why? What's up?
7) 6) dialog: Yeah, sure. Tell me, what's going  on.
7) 8) dialog: Too much money. That's ridiculous.  How could there be too much money?
7) 10) dialog: It must be the computer.
7) 12) dialog: Yeah, Mr. Fixit. (he hits the computer  like Sam did and  laughs) Come on, move over. Let me see what  I can do.
7) 14) dialog: Okay, okay. Just call me when you're  ready for help. (he heads for the  door) So, what are you and Moll doing  tonight?
7) 16) text: Carl winces. Sam smiles.
14) 8) text: She does not respond. RUTH, her sister, leans over to her Tears form in Molly's eyes. A hand reaches out to give he tissue. Molly looks up. It is Carl. She gives him her han He squeezes it with affection.
14) 10) text: The casket is lowered into the ground. Molly approaches t grave. She us a little unsteady. Carl takes her elbow. A  shovel is placed in her hands. With great emotional effor she lifts a shovelful of dirt and tosses it onto the cask It lands with a REVERBERATING finality. Sam shudders.
16) 4) text: Unexpectedly, Carl comes rushing into the room. He takes  hold of Molly and sits her on the bed.
16) 6) dialog: It's hard. It's very hard.
17) 0) text: Molly and Carl are standing over the kitchen table foldin piles of Sam's clothes and placing them into boxes. As Mo lifts one of Sam's jackets, something falls from a side  pocket. It is his small black leather address book. Sam s at it with recognition. Carl sees the book fall and stoop to pick it up but Molly gets it first.
17) 2) text: She skims through it a moment, but the memories it evokes are too powerful for her. She places it carefully into a labeled "Sam's Things -- Valuable" and continues packing. She finds the old jar with the penny in it. It's marked " Luck". She holds it tenderly for a moment and then places on the nightstand beside the bed. Carl discovers some old ticket stubs in another of Sam's  jackets. He examines them.
17) 3) dialog: Dave Brubeck. Newport '86. Should I  toss 'em?
17) 6) text: She takes the stubs and lovingly puts them in the box. Sa groans. Carl finds a half used package of Rolaids. Molly takes th from his hand and puts them in the box, too.
17) 7) dialog: Oh, you want to save those?
17) 11) text: Carl comes over and takes her hand.
17) 12) dialog: We all do.
17) 13) text: Molly buries her head on his shoulder. Carl strokes her h
17) 15) text: Carl lifting a pile of boxes and carrying them to the doo Suddenly Molly yells out.
17) 18) dialog: Oh, shit. I'm sorry. I don't know  how that got in there.
17) 20) dialog: (continuing) Hey, Moll. Why don't you come? It's  like summer outside.
17) 22) dialog: Just for a stroll. It'd be good to  get out.
17) 25) text: Carl, annoyed, walks over to her.
17) 26) dialog: Molly... you're not the one who died!
17) 30) dialog: Thata girl.
40) 0) text: Carl is pacing nervously. He seems very upset. After a mo he approaches Molly. Sam is behind her.
40) 1) dialog: Molly, there's no one on earth who'd  like it to be true more than me, but  you've got to be rational about this.  I understand your desire to hold on  to him, but this... this is absurd.
40) 4) dialog: Molly, you're a grown woman. How can  you believe some fortune teller from  Brooklyn...?
40) 6) dialog: I don't believe it, Molly. Not for a  minute.
40) 8) text: Carl sits down beside her.
40) 10) dialog: What kind of things?
40) 12) dialog: Oh boy. This is getting deranged.  We're going off the deep end here.
40) 15) text: Sam smiles. Carl stands up. His voice begins to rise.
40) 16) dialog: This is sick. This is really sick.  How can you swallow this crap? Who  knows if this guy exists? Maybe she's  just setting someone up.
40) 18) dialog: Find out? What are you talking about?
40) 20) dialog: Sam wants you to go to the police?  Molly! Jesus! Are you outta your  mind? What are you gonna tell 'em?  Some storefront psychic's been getting  messages from the dead? Do you know  how that sounds? You're talkin' ghosts  here, for God's sake.
40) 22) dialog: (continuing) I'm sorry. This stuff just really  gets to me.
40) 24) dialog: (half heartedly) I'm trying to, but... Look, if it'll  make you sleep any better, I'll check  it out, okay? Now why don't you go  to bed. Try and get some sleep.
40) 25) text: Molly looks at Carl, annoyed. She doesn't believe him for second.
41) 0) text: Carl, in his red Ford Mustang, is speeding up town. Sam i beside him in the front seat.
42) 0) text: Carl steps into the lobby of Willie's building. Sam follo wide-eyed. He seems both intrigued and astounded by what  Carl is doing. When Carl stops to read the apartment numb on Willie's mail box, Sam is thrilled.
42) 2) text: Carl climbs the stairs two at a time and approaches Willi door. He bangs on it, loudly.
42) 5) text: Sam freezes as Willie addresses Carl by name. He can bare move.
42) 6) dialog: (scared, in over his  head) Who've you been talking to?
42) 8) dialog: Some woman knows all about you. The  murder, everything. Where's she  getting it from, huh?
42) 11) dialog: She knows your name, goddamn it! She  knows where you live!
42) 13) text: Carl is fuming.
42) 14) dialog: This isn't a joke, man. You find  that bitch, whoever she is, and...  get rid of her, you hear me? I've  got four million dollars stuck in  that fucking computer. If I don't  get those codes, if that money's not  transferred soon, I'm dead. If I  lose Balistrari's money, we're both  dead.
42) 16) dialog: What is wrong with you? Is everything  a joke? You were supposed to steal  his wallet. You weren't supposed to  kill him. Was that a joke?
42) 18) dialog: Jesus! (sickened) These are drug dealers, man. (pause) Don't blow this for me, Willie. I've  risked my job here. I could go to  jail. A hundred thousand of that  money goes to me. Now give me Sam's  key. I'll get that address book  myself.
42) 19) text: Willie goes to the desk drawer and takes out Sam's key. S unable to control himself, explodes in a fit of rage. Hau back, he slugs Carl with all his might. His fist has no  impact.
43) 0) text: Carl is on the street heading back to his car. Sam is bes him, yelling right into his face. He is screaming and cursing at the top of his lungs but C doesn't hear him.
43) 2) text: From the distance, we see Sam smashing into Carl. It is l hitting the air. For all of his rage and bluster, there i nothing he can do.
47) 0) text: A dresser drawer opens and a box labeled "Sam's Things -- Valuable" is slowly pulled out. A hand reaches inside it extracts Sam's address book. As THE CAMERA PULLS BACK, we see that it is Carl standing in Molly and Sam's livingroo Carl opens the book and quickly jots down a series of cod numbers he finds in the back. His eyes sparkle with  excitement.
50) 0) text: The code from Sam's address book, jotted on a piece of pa is sitting beside Carl.
50) 1) dialog: (excitedly) God, let this be it!
50) 2) text: Anxiously, Carl punches the code into a computer and,  suddenly, Sam's old accounts appear on the screen. A look relief wafts across Carl's face.
50) 3) dialog: (continuing) Oh God, yes!
50) 4) text: Carl is staring at the same accounts Sam was examining th afternoon before he was killed, the accounts with too muc money in them. Carl picks up the phone and punches a number. Someone ans
50) 5) dialog: (continuing) Tony, this is Carl. I'm all set.  We're fine. Everything's fine. Just  tell me what you want me to do.
50) 8) text: Carl writes it all down.
50) 10) dialog: Tell Mr. Balistrari there won't be  any problems.
50) 12) text: Carl hangs up. He seems deeply relieved.
51) 4) dialog: Molly, it's Carl. Can I come up?
51) 5) text: Sam freezes. Molly is surprised. She hesitates a moment a then pushes the buzzer to let him in. We hear Carl boundi up the stairs.
51) 7) text: There is a KNOCK. Molly opens the door. Carl seems buoyan almost celebratory. He has a bag of fruit in his hand. He still in a suit and tie.
51) 8) dialog: Hi. Thanks. I know it's late. I'm  sorry to disturb you. I felt bad  about last night. This supernatural  stuff just makes me so uncomfortable.  I don't even read horoscopes.
51) 10) dialog: No it's not. You needed me to hear  you and I didn't and that was wrong.  I want you to know that I'm your  friend, Moll.
51) 12) dialog: (holding out a paper  bag) Hey, I brought you some Japanese  apple pears. I know you like them.
51) 14) dialog: Listen, can I come in for a minute?  I won't stay long. I've had one of  those days. Maybe a cup of coffee?
52) 0) text: Carl, in shirt sleeves and Molly in her robe, are sitting the couch drinking coffee. We notice that Carl is wearing yellow suspenders. Sam is beside himself, watching them.
52) 2) dialog: (glancing at her thighs) What can I tell you. It's been tough.  Hell, you know. It still hurts so  much. (he poses sadly) Then on top of it all... it's the  responsibilities. They've given me  my own accounts, but I've had no  time to adjust. My mind has been  reeling.
52) 4) dialog: (continuing) Where were you this morning? I thought  you were coming to the bank to sign  those papers.
52) 6) text: Sam looks at her, amazed. Carl, on the other hand, stiffe He laughs nervously.
52) 7) dialog: You're kidding. You really did it? I  don't believe... What did you tell  them? What did they say?
52) 9) dialog: (relieved) A ripoff artist, huh?
52) 12) dialog: (relaxing) Sometimes we need to believe.
52) 15) dialog: (milking it) It's hard to face reality, Moll, the  hard cold facts of it. What you have  to remember is the love you felt.  That's what's real. You have to  remember how good Sam was. How much  he loved you.
52) 16) text: Molly holds back tears. Carl reaches out tenderly and str her hair.
52) 17) dialog: (continuing) You were everything to him, Molly.  You were his life.
52) 19) dialog: You're not alone. You're young. You've  got so much talent. You're  fantastically gorgeous.
52) 21) dialog: Just think about Sam. Think about  what he meant to you, the years you  had together, how wonderful they  were.
52) 22) text: Carl glides his hand slowly, lovingly across her cheek.
52) 23) dialog: (continuing) Let your feelings out.
52) 24) text: Almost imperceptibly, his hand moves down to the nape of neck. As she moves, her robe opens slightly. Carl notices glimpsing her nakedness beneath it. Sam notices, too. He  freezes.
52) 25) dialog: (continuing) Life turns on a dime, Moll. People  think they have forever, that they'll  always have tomorrow. But it's not  true. Sam taught us that. We have to  live for now, for today.
52) 26) text: Molly can barely contain her tears. Carl moves toward her moist cheeks and kisses them gently. Slowly, he guides hi lips to her neck and kisses it, too. It is all hateful an sensual at the same time. Sam turns away. Molly feels Carl's tenderness, needs it. She does not not his hand reaching for the cord on her robe and slowly pul it toward him. With a little tug the cord unravels and th robe falls open. Molly is confused, aroused, not sure wha to do. She starts to pull it closed. He holds her hand. F a moment they do nothing. Then his fingers reach for her  thigh. Her body quivers. Carl feels her openness and pull closer, his hand rising gently up her naked body. Molly's eyes close. She says nothing.
52) 29) text: Sam charges wildly at the couch and begins flailing  uncontrollably at the two of them. Unexpectedly his foot  kicks out and hits a framed photograph of him and Molly t sitting on an end table. The picture CRASHES to the floor the glass SHATTERING. Molly jumps up, the mood suddenly broken. She sees the ph and recoils. Carl reaches for her. She backs away. Sam is stunned by what has happened. He jumps up and trie kicking over another picture but nothing moves. His foot  goes right through it. Molly looks at Carl, drying her tears.
52) 31) dialog: Sure. It's okay. I understand. I  really do.
52) 33) dialog: (continuing) Look, what if we have dinner tomorrow  night? Just talk. Can I interest you  in that?
61) 0) text: The clock on Carl's wall says 3:40. He seems anxious. The phone RINGS. Carl jumps. He pushes down the speaker butto
61) 1) dialog: Hello. Carl Bruner speaking.
61) 3) dialog: Mr. Balsitrari
61) 5) dialog: Oh yeah, yeah. That's great. I'll  pick it up later.
63) 0) text: Carl looks up at the clock. It is 3:50. He pushes down a  button on the phone. A SECRETARY answers.
63) 2) dialog: Get me the First Island Bank of  Nassau. It's on the rolodex.
64) 0) text: Carl, in front of his computer, is going crazy. He keeps  punching buttons on the keyboard but the same response ap over and over on the screen. "RITA MILLER, #926-31043. AC
64) 1) text: Panicked, Carl jumps up. He moves quickly, erratically ar the office and then back to the computer. He punches the  keys over and over. The same answer appears on the screen The account is closed.
64) 4) dialog: Is someone playing with the computers?
64) 6) dialog: Is this a joke? One of my accounts  is closed.
64) 8) text: Carl freezes. He doesn't answer.
64) 10) dialog: (changing his demeanor) No, no. Never mind. It's okay. It's  all right. I can do it.
65) 0) text: It is after hours. Almost everyone on the floor has gone. Carl, hunched over his computer, is typing furious comman on the keyboard. He looks haggard and worn. Sequence after sequence of coded numbers flash past on th monitor screen. Sam, sitting in a desk chair, watches,  smiling.
65) 2) text: In a moment of childish delight, he pushes his feet again the wall and the chair shoots across the room. Carl looks and sees an empty chair moving. He stares at it in confus and then goes back to the screen. He seems desperate. Not is working. Panicked and frightened, Carl flicks off the machine and  storms furiously around the room. Sam approaches the comp hesitates a moment, and then pushes the power switch. The computer CLICKS back on. Carl spins around. He stares at computer curiously for a moment and then turns it back of Sam, enjoying this, reaches for the switch and FLICKS it  back on again. Carl stares at it.
65) 3) dialog: What the...?
65) 4) text: Carl watches as the keys seem to depress themselves and  letters begin appearing on the screen. He sits down,  mesmerized by what is happening. Then his face grows tens The word "M-U-R-D-E-R-E-R" is emerging before him. Carl flies out of his chair, frantically running around t see who else is on the floor. He yells out like a madman.
65) 5) dialog: (continuing) Who's doing that?
65) 6) text: There is no one there. He hears the computer beginning to type again and hurries back to look at the screen. One wo appears. "S-A-M". Carl gasps and smashes the computer with his fist. It cra to the floor. Electrical sparks go flying as Carl gasps f breath. Sam cannot hold himself back any longer. With a horrifyin scream, he charges at Carl, jamming his fist hard into hi ribs.
65) 8) text: Carl grabs his side.
65) 9) dialog: Ah!
65) 10) text: He hits Carl again. Carl gasps in inexplicable pain.
65) 12) text: Sam keeps hitting deeper into Carl's mid-section. Carl do over as though he's going to throw up.
65) 13) dialog: Jesus! Oh God!
65) 14) text: Sam is flushed with excitement. Carl kneels beside his de He cannot understand what is happening to him. His face g stark white as the attack continues. Then, unexpectedly, the assault stops. Sam, exhausted, st hatefully at his old friend cowering on the floor. Slowly and dizzily, Carl gets up. He looks fearfully around the  office and then, holding his stomach, hurries from the ro
66) 0) text: Molly, all dressed to go out, is sitting in Sam's easy ch asleep. Suddenly Carl arrives knocking at her door. He do not look well. Sam is with him.
66) 2) dialog: I'm sorry. Things just got so crazy.  I completely forgot.
66) 5) dialog: I'm okay. I'm alright. Look, can I  talk to you for minute? Can I come  in?
66) 6) text: Molly eyes Carl with concern as he enters the loft.
66) 7) dialog: (continuing) I need to ask you a question.
66) 9) dialog: Molly, I know what the police said,  but when you thought Sam was here,  when you thought he spoke to you,  what did you feel? What did he say?
66) 11) dialog: (very tense) Molly, that psychic woman, I want to  know what she told you. I want to  know what she said.
66) 14) dialog: (gulping) At the bank?
66) 17) text: Carl turns white. His eyes bulge. He feels sick.
66) 19) dialog: Stomach. My stomach. Do you have  anything? Pepto Bismol.
66) 21) text: Concerned, she hurries from the room. Sam digs his hands  into Carl's back. Carl jerks forward in intense pain and  begins flailing at the air.
66) 22) dialog: What are you doing to me. Get away!  Get away!
67) 0) text: Sam does not go away. Freaked, Carl runs into the kitchen and rushes to the stove. Quickly he turns on the gas. He  looks crazed. Turning to the air, he begins whispering lo
67) 1) dialog: You touch me again and I'll set her  on fire. I mean it. I'll kill her.  I'll blow up the whole building if I  have to. Stay away!
67) 2) text: Sam jabs at the knob on the stove and begins to turn it o Carl sees it move. Shocked and frightened, he grabs it an pulls it off, leaving only the tiny stem in place.
67) 3) dialog: (continuing) Go on, try it again. Let me see you  turn it off now.
67) 4) text: Sam, frightened, tries with all his might but he cannot t it. Carl pulls out a cigarette lighter and gloats.
67) 5) dialog: (continuing) Try and hurt me. I'll kill her if  you hurt me.
67) 6) text: Sam rushes at Carl about to jam his full fist into his ch but then he stops, afraid. He pulls back, shaken. Carl st there waiting for a blow that doesn't come. He begins to  gloat.
67) 7) dialog: What's a matter? You believe me,  huh? You better believe me! I want  my money. I need that money and I  want it tonight -- at 11:00. If that  psychic lady doesn't bring it here,  Molly's dead.
67) 10) text: Carl acts as if that's the reason he came into the kitche
67) 11) dialog: You must have left the stove on.
67) 13) dialog: (continuing) Just glad I smelled it.
67) 16) dialog: Molly, I'm sorry. I've got to go.  Look, there's something going on. I  can't talk now. Some trouble at the  bank.
67) 18) dialog: I don't have time to talk now. What  if I come back? Around 11:00?
67) 20) dialog: I can't. I'm sorry to do this, but  it's important. I'll be back.
67) 22) dialog: (continuing) Eleven!
69) 0) text: A red Mustang SCREECHES to a stop on the street below. Sa and Oda Mae run to the window. Carl and Willie are lookin up.
71) 0) text: Willie and Carl jump out of the car. They head for Oda Ma building.
75) 0) text: Carl and Willie climb the stairs two at a time.
77) 0) text: just as Willie and Carl emerge from the stairwell. They h down the hall toward Oda Mae's door. Willie pulls out a g and fires. The lock shoots open. They rush inside.
78) 2) dialog: I'll check the building.
79) 0) text: Willie rushes to the hallway, charges for the back stairs and stumbles down the three flights to the street. Carl,  running down the corridor, rushes after him. Willie drops his gun. Carl picks it up.
80) 0) text: Willie runs from the building and careens down the sidewa People clear a path as he hurls past them like a madman.  Carl, confused, runs after him. Sam, too, races after Willie, unwilling to let him get aw Suddenly, a man obstructs his way. Willie goes flying ove him and lands face down on the cement. Before he can get Sam is all over him and does not let up. People stand bac to watch as Willie does battle with himself. Panicked, he calls out to a bystander.
80) 2) text: People back away. Carl watches in terror. He understands  exactly what is happening.
81) 1) dialog: Look out!
81) 3) text: Sam backs against a wall in absolute horror. Carl, standi in the crowd, turns and runs.
85) 38) dialog: Molly, open up. It's me.
85) 43) text: Oda Mae and Molly run for the fire escape window. We hear Carl yelling in the hallway.
85) 44) dialog: Molly. Open up. Are you there?
86) 0) text: Carl is standing on the landing. He is holding a gun. He  aims it at the lock and FIRES. The door to the loft flies open.
87) 0) text: Carl moves rapidly through the huge space.
87) 1) dialog: Molly!
87) 3) text: Sam, with great effort, rushes at Carl and attacks him wi his fists. To his great shock, he has no impact. Carl wal right through him.
89) 0) text: Carl runs to the fire escape window. He looks out just in time to see Oda Mae go into the 7th story window.
90) 2) text: Oda Mae reaches the fire escape window just as Carl appea on the other side. She screams. Carl tries shoving the wi open. It won't budge. Molly sees some scaffolding leading to the skylight. Ther is an opening at the top.
90) 4) text: Molly quickly climbs the scaffolding and makes it to the  roof. With a huge shove, Carl opens the window and rushes insid The window slams behind him. Oda Mae rushes back toward Molly, but her foot catches on loose cable and she falls to the ground.
90) 8) dialog: I want the check. Just give me the  check.
90) 11) text: She descends quickly and runs toward Carl.
90) 12) dialog: Don't interfere! She's a thief. It's  not her money.
90) 13) text: Carl kicks Oda Mae. Molly rushes at him, attacking him  violently. Carl aims his gun at her.
90) 14) dialog: (continuing) Keep out of this, Molly!
90) 16) dialog: (continuing) Where is it?
90) 19) dialog: Where?
90) 21) text: She points across the room. Carl sees the purse and yanks Oda Mae toward it. Yanking off the floor, he tears through it like a wild man. There no check. He grabs Oda Mae.
90) 22) dialog: Where is it, goddamn it? Where is  it?
90) 24) dialog: You're lying! Don't lie to me!
90) 25) text: He aims his gun at her eye and is about to FIRE when,  suddenly, something shoves him to the floor. Carl screams and jumps back, tripping over Oda Mae. Sam is standing th In total panic, Carl scrambles to get up. Horrified, he S his gun blindly into the air. Molly and Oda Mae dive for  cover. The bullets have no impact. Sam musters all his  strength and shoves Carl again. White with fear, Carl gra Molly and aims his gun at her head.
90) 26) dialog: (continuing) I'll kill her. You touch me and I'll  kill her. I mean it, Sam. Just give  me the check.
90) 27) text: The gun is cocked at her temple. No one moves. Slowly the camera dollies toward Carl.
90) 28) dialog: (continuing) Sam, please. I didn't mean for him  to kill you. It's not my fault. Come  on, Sam, give me the check. Give it  to me and I'll leave her alone.
90) 29) text: Nothing happens. Carl looks nervous.
90) 31) dialog: Sam? Sam?
90) 32) text: In a wild explosive fury, Sam charges at Carl and smashes his gun. The weapon flies out of Carl's hand. Empowered b an anger we have not seen before, Sam smashes into Carl w a violent force. Carl's body careens into walls and  floorboards. Wiring snaps. Two-by-fours crack. Carl, crawling desperately to escape, sees his gun on the floor. With a wild rush, he grabs for it and shoots at th door. The lock explodes and the door flies open. Carl tries to run for it, but Sam cuts in front of him. W growing power, Sam sends Carl flying back into the apartm colliding into a tall scaffold. Bags of plaster topple to the ground as mounds of plaster dust hurl into the air. T apartment looks like a scene from another world. Carl, in a state of total unrelieved panic, breaks away f Sam. The dust obscures his escape. Like a trapped insect, scrambles furiously to the fire escape window. Sam cannot see him. Carl shoves at the window. It is stuck. With a supreme ef he grabs a ripped bag of plaster and swings it at the gla Half of its plaster spews across the room before smashing the window. Shards of glass fly in all directions. Sam tu and sees Carl. He surges after him, but knows he cannot g to him in time. Carl is halfway out the window when Sam's fist slams into electrical box attached to a dangling BX cable. It goes f toward the window. To his amazement, it hits the frame. A huge pane of glass dislodges and comes crashing down. Car looks up just in time to see the pointed edge aiming for chest. Before he can move, it pierces him between the rib and slices into his heart. His body quivers. Carl's eyes bulge from their sockets. His body begins to  spasm. He can't get up. A look of abject terror flashes  through his eyes. He tries to scream. There is no sound. tries to breathe. There is no breath.
90) 33) text: With one last effort, Carl lurches forward. To his amazem his body stands up and pulls away from the window. He loo down at his chest and is amazed to see that the glass is  gone. There is no blood. Excited and confused, he turns a and sees Sam. For a moment, he cannot comprehend what is  happening.
90) 34) dialog: Sam?
90) 35) text: There is a strange, silent moment between them. Then, seemingly out of nowhere, a terrible CLICKING sound heard. Frightening black forms are emerging from the dark Carl looks behind him and gasps. Past the figures coming  toward him, he sees his own dead body. It is pinned to th window sill. Before Carl can cry out, the dark figures swoop down and  envelope him. In a flash, his spirit is caught and surges with the dark forces back into the shadows. Far in some  invisible distance, we can barely hear him scream. And then it is silent. It is over.