0) 1) dialog: What a mess!
0) 5) dialog: Use your mask, dummy.
0) 8) text: His hammer pounds the wall. Molly laughs.
0) 11) text: BLACKNESS AND A LOUD THUD. Suddenly a shaft of light  penetrates the darkness. Another thud and more light. We a hole. The hook of a crowbar enters it, grappling with  something around the edges. Then, with a tug and a loud y a huge section of tin ceiling crashes to the floor. Huge  clouds of dust fly into the air. Molly looks up, astonish
0) 12) dialog: Sam, look, there's a whole eight  feet up there.
0) 14) dialog: We have all this height, Sam. We  could add a second floor and put our  bedroom upstairs. That would leave  all this space.
0) 16) dialog: For space. Just space.
0) 21) dialog: Hey, Sam, turn around.
0) 22) text: Sam obeys. Molly doodles on his chest, drawing a bow tie the outline of a tuxedo jacket. Her lines are quick,  accomplished, and subtly erotic.
0) 24) text: Molly nods. She reaches out and superimposes an armless f torso over his. His stomach jumps sensually as she touche it. Molly pulls back to admire her work. He looks like a  Greek statue.
0) 26) text: Molly laughs.
0) 27) text: Sam, Molly, and Carl are holding their sledgehammers. Mol begins to count.
0) 28) dialog: All together now. One, (they strike the wall  with their hammers.  The wall shakes) two, (they pound again.  The wall begins to  give) three.
0) 31) dialog: (shaking her head,  disagreeing) You're the good omen.
0) 32) text: She glances at him lovingly. Carl looks at the two of the and grins. As the dust settles we see, for the first time, the outli of the space they are working in. It is a huge loft over  four thousand square feet. Banks of windows run east and  west. Molly steps back and admires the room.
0) 33) dialog: It's gorgeous.
0) 35) dialog: Sell it? Carl, we just bought it.
3) 6) text: A SECRETARY enters the room and hands Sam a piece of pape It reads "MOLLY ON LINE 2. URGENT." She hands him a phone Sam looks surprised. He nods apologetically to his guests
3) 9) dialog: dressed in a long, clay covered smock. She is in a potter studio. SEVERAL OTHER POTTERS are in the background worki at their wheels. A five-foot high ceramic vase stands bes Molly. It is still wet. She toys with it as she speaks in the phone.
3) 10) dialog: A man and a woman are lying in bed  when the woman's husband suddenly  comes home. Frightened, she tells  the man he has to leave instantly  through the window. He has no time  to dress.
3) 14) dialog: It's raining outside. The man, running  naked along the street, sees some  joggers approaching.
3) 16) dialog: (continuing) One of the joggers calls out. "Hey,  do you always go jogging naked?" And  the man says, "Yes, always."
3) 18) dialog: And then the other jogger says, "And  do you always wear a condom?" The  man looks down, embarrassed, and  replies, "Only when it's raining."
3) 21) dialog: Now just relax and have fun, okay?  It's not the end of the world if you  lose this account. You've always got  me.
3) 23) dialog: See ya.
3) 27) dialog: Where you guys from, the New York  City Ballet?
3) 28) text: With a gutsy maneuver, Molly leans out over the sidewalk tries to grab hold of the ropes. She can't reach them.  Suddenly a pair of hands grabs her around the waist. She  screams.
3) 31) dialog: You bastard. Don't do that to me.  You scared me half to death.
3) 33) text: Sam jumps up, grabs hold of the door's top molding, and s out over the sidewalk. Molly gasps. Sam's feet push at th angel and send it swinging away and then back toward the  loft. Quickly he jumps back, grabs hold of it, and brings in. The workmen applaud. Molly eyes him with admiration. Suddenly we hear a voice call out.
3) 35) text: Molly looks to Sam.
3) 36) dialog: Carl? Did you invite him?
3) 38) text: Carl enters, shakes Molly's hand, and pats Sam on the bac
3) 40) text: Before they can answer, a WORKMAN turns to Molly.
3) 42) dialog: In the bedroom.
4) 0) text: As the angel pulls away from camera, we see the newly  decorated loft for the first time. It is painted now in l pastels. The floor, a huge gymnasium-like expanse, is  lacquered with polyurethane. Furniture and boxes are pili up along the walls. Dominating the space, with a kind of  surreal presence, are a large number of Molly's sculpture and ceramics. There is also a vintage jukebox. Carl is  impressed.
4) 2) dialog: You like it, huh?
4) 4) text: A mover lugs in a heavy old chair. Molly sees it.
4) 5) dialog: Sam, you kept that chair?
4) 7) dialog: But it doesn't go with anything.
4) 9) dialog: It's okay, I'll paint it.
4) 10) text: Sam pinches her ass. Molly smiles.
5) 0) text: Sam, Molly, and Carl are sprawled out on the floor, eatin from Cartons of Chinese food. Frank, a gray cat, eats bes them. Unpacked boxes are scattered everywhere.
5) 2) dialog: They took away my MasterCard. It was  Christmas, for godssake.
5) 4) dialog: It wasn't four thousand. And I'd  already sent in the payment! You're  the ones that lost it.
5) 6) dialog: No I'm not.
5) 12) dialog: Can you believe it? And the next  thing I know, he's telling me his  life story. I couldn't believe it.  Everything. About his divorce, how  he'd just arrived in New York, how  he didn't know any women. And all  with this Montana accent.
5) 14) dialog: The one you always slip into it when  you get nervous. "Yes, Ma'am. Thank  you, Ma'am. Can I fondle your breasts,  Ma'am?"
5) 16) dialog: Admit it. You liked me. You were  interested.
5) 18) dialog: Cute? (looking at Carl) Do you believe this? I should have  been Picasso's mistress. I should  have been living in Barcelona or  Paris. But no, I'm moving in with a  New York banker who thinks I'm cute.
5) 19) text: She looks at Sam and grins. Carl is staring at Molly,  obviously turned on by her. He is embarrassed when she ca his gaze and quickly looks away.
6) 0) text: Molly, dressed only in a T-shirt, is sitting at her potte wheel throwing a series of pots. Sam enters the studio. H is barefoot, shirtless, wearing jeans.
6) 2) dialog: I felt inspired.
6) 6) dialog: What? Are you jealous? Sam, let me  tell you something. He's not even  looking at me. It's you he idolizes.  He doesn't see me at all... Anyway,  he's not my type.
6) 7) text: Sam reaches over her and gently adds his fingers to the c Molly looks up at him.
6) 8) dialog: (continuing) What are you doing?
6) 10) text: His hands dig into the clay. Molly smiles. Their fingers  seem to dance together. After a moment, she reaches up to him, her clay-covered fingers streaking his face and curv down to his chest. Sam grins and reaches down to her.
6) 20) dialog: What's the matter?
6) 22) dialog: I can tell.
6) 24) dialog: You're worried, aren't you? About  moving in together?
6) 26) dialog: Then what? The promotion?
6) 28) text: Molly gently strokes his head.
6) 29) dialog: You know what?
6) 31) dialog: I love you. I really love you.
6) 34) text: Suddenly the T.V. blares into the room. Sam jumps up, gra the remote control unit from under his buttocks. Molly la as he turns the SOUND DOWN. The news is on and they are  showing the remains of an airline disaster. Sam stares at the tube.
6) 36) dialog: Don't watch that stuff.
6) 39) text: The T.V. goes OFF. Sam, confused, spins around. Molly is  holding the remote control. She nods for him to lie down.
6) 41) dialog: Threes? Sam, get serious. Besides,  you lead a charmed life.
8) 0) text: Sam and Molly are sitting in the fifth row of a crowded  auditorium. He is sound asleep.
8) 1) text: A scene from "Macbeth". Sam begins to snore. Molly grabs his nose. He jerks awake Molly grins.
9) 0) text: Bright marquee lights sparkle overhead as Sam and Molly e the theatre. It is a beautiful brisk night.
9) 2) dialog: I could tell.
9) 4) dialog: (continuing) Did I tell you what Marcia said?
9) 6) dialog: Six? No I didn't. Sam, don't be so  blasГ©. I'll have two major pieces in  the show. The New York Times reviews  her gallery all the time. This could  be huge.
9) 8) dialog: Eight million readers, that's who.
9) 10) text: We can tell from the expression on Molly's face that it d Sam puts his arm around her. She nestles close to him. Th suddenly, she stops and looks up. There is an unexpected  seriousness in her voice.
9) 11) dialog: (continuing) I want to marry you, Sam.
9) 13) dialog: I've been thinking about it for days.  More than thinking. I want to do it.  I want to jump in whole hog... (she pauses) What is that look for?
9) 16) dialog: Do you love me, Sam?
9) 18) dialog: How come you never say it?
9) 20) dialog: You say "ditto". It's not the same.
9) 22) dialog: Sometimes you need to hear it.
9) 23) text: Sam stops and stares at Molly. He pauses quietly. He is a to speak when A MAN'S FACE emerges from the shadows behin him. Molly gasps. Sam spins around.
9) 25) dialog: What should we do?
9) 27) text: Sam stops abruptly and turns around. A gun is staring him the face. Molly screams.
9) 30) dialog: Give it to him!
9) 33) text: He swipes Sam across the head. Molly screams. The Mugger  whacks her across the face. Sam explodes, plowing into th mugger with all his might.
9) 34) dialog: Sam, No!
9) 36) dialog: Sam!!!!!
9) 37) text: The two men run down the dark street, but the Mugger is  already a full block ahead and disappears into the shadow Sam gives up. Slowly he turns and begins walking back tow Molly. We can see Molly dimly at the end of the block as Sam  approaches. She is screaming for help. Frightened, Sam ca out.
9) 41) dialog: drenched in blood. Her eyes are glazed, on the verge of s Panting, she stoops down to the curb as THE CAMERA TRAVEL WITH HER. She grabs hold of something lying in the shadow and pulls it toward her. It is Sam's dead body she is holding in her arms. Sam's ghostly form, still solid to all appearances, stand beside Molly. His eyes are awash in horror and confusion. seems unable to move. THE CAMERA HOLDS on his face as the full impact of his situation dawns in his eyes. Suddenly he lets out a blood-curdling scream.
9) 43) text: He jumps down toward his body and reaches out to grab hol of his motionless form. His hands make a strange SOUND as they pass right though it. It is terrifying. Sam jumps up crazed, frenzied, and begins circling Molly. It is as tho he is trying to undo what has been done.
9) 45) text: He reaches out to Molly for help. His hand cuts through h shoulder. He screams. FOOTSTEPS. People are running down the street. The sound SIRENS can be heard in the distance. Two MEN run toward S He yells out at them.
9) 47) text: They run right through him. He gasps in stunned terror. Sam watches helplessly as they reach his body. Molly look up and begins screaming hysterically. One of the Men grab her as the other goes for Sam's wrist. There is no sign o life. The first Man holds Molly back as his friend stoops down begins some form of cardio-pulmonary resuscitation. There no response. Sam bends down, trying desperately to help. is a futile gesture.
9) 49) text: The Man bangs on Sam's chest. Blood gushes from the wound Molly recoils. He bangs again.
10) 0) text: Sam shoots up in bed, panting. It is dark. He stares arou the loft in sudden confusion. With a lurch he flicks on t night light. Molly is lying beside him, her head buried  beneath a pillow. Sam seems stunned.
10) 2) text: Tears stream down his face. Molly stirs.
10) 3) dialog: Sam? What's the matter? Is something  wrong?
10) 6) dialog: What is it, honey?
10) 7) text: Molly, groggy, tries to sit up. Sam reaches out for her. As she turns around, we see A SKELETEL VERSION OF HER HEA staring at the camera. It speaks.
10) 8) dialog: (mocking him) What is it, honey?
10) 13) text: Molly is sitting on the bed looking at him, afraid. Sam stares down at her. He is breathing heavily, not trus his own senses. His hands clutch at the wall.
10) 15) text: Suddenly, a brilliant white light shoots into the room as host of glowing forms, radiating an intense inner light,  float before us. A blinding tunnel spirals in an infinite vortex behind them. Sam is awed and confused. We sense th the light is enchanting him. The entire room begins to  disappear in the light. Molly screams.
10) 16) dialog: Don't leave me. I need you, Sam.
10) 17) text: Sam turns and sees Molly, only she is not in the bed. She back on the street. To his amazement, he is on the street too, still bathed in the soothing light. Frightened, he c out to her.
10) 21) text: There is no response. Sam, deeply troubled, hesitates for moment. He is torn between Molly and the light. Then, in painful, but conscious gesture, he turns from the light a walks toward Molly. At that instant, the light behind him disappears with the sound of a pneumatic door closing. Th is a sense of terrible finality as the tunnel evaporates  into the void. Sam is left on the dark pavement. He stand there a moment, as if in shock, and then begins running t Molly. An AMBULANCE is rounding the corner.
12) 0) text: Sam's body is lying in the back of the ambulance as a  PARAMEDIC applies electric paddles to his chest in an eff to save him. After a moment, he looks up at Molly. We can tell from the expression in his eyes that it is hopeless. Sam yells.
12) 2) text: Molly, kneeling over Sam's body, grabs him and begins to in long terrible sobs.
13) 0) text: A DOCTOR, comforting Molly, accompanies her from one of t emergency operating rooms and leads her through a pair of swinging doors into a separate waiting area. We see TWO  POLICEMEN and TWO DETECTIVES stand up and approach her. Sam doesn't want Molly to go and begins to follow her, bu then seems torn, afraid to leave his body. He turns back  just as his corpse, covered in a green sheet, is wheeled  into the corridor and parked alongside the wall. Sam seem stunned and inconsolable as he sits down beside it. A wrinkled OLD MAN approaches Sam and joins him on the be He begins talking.
14) 6) text: Suddenly, Molly ENTERS THE FRAME. Sam spots her. The CAME STOPS.
14) 8) text: She does not respond. RUTH, her sister, leans over to her Tears form in Molly's eyes. A hand reaches out to give he tissue. Molly looks up. It is Carl. She gives him her han He squeezes it with affection.
14) 10) text: The casket is lowered into the ground. Molly approaches t grave. She us a little unsteady. Carl takes her elbow. A  shovel is placed in her hands. With great emotional effor she lifts a shovelful of dirt and tosses it onto the cask It lands with a REVERBERATING finality. Sam shudders.
15) 0) text: Molly is sitting on the couch in the middle of the loft  surrounded by FRIENDS and WELL WISHERS. A young GIRL, her niece, cuddles in her lap. People are eating and milling  around. Slowly THE CAMERA BEGINS TO PAN. It ends on Sam,  standing alone in a corner. In the midst of all the activ he is lost and alone.
15) 2) text: Raw clay on a potter's wheel spins hypnotically, sensuous Molly's wet hands press in, shaping it, molding it. A bow begins to appear. The camera pulls back and reveals Sam. is sitting on the floor behind her, knees pressed to his  chest, rocking aimlessly. Molly looks away from the bowl she is forming. It distort and bends. Angry, she digs her finger into it. The bowl  disintegrates. Tears form in her eyes. Frank jumps up on the bench beside her. Molly stares sadl around the room. Quietly, she begins talking to herself, the air.
15) 3) dialog: Oh God, Sam...
15) 5) dialog: (continuing) I picked up your shirts this morning.  I don't know why. Mr. Reynolds said  to tell you hello. I broke into tears.  It's so hard...
15) 6) text: Sam walks over to Molly. Desperate for contact, he reache out to touch her cheek, but then hesitates and pulls back
15) 7) dialog: (continuing) I think about you every minute. It's  like you're still here, like I can  feel you, Sam.
15) 10) text: Suddenly, as if hearing Sam's voice, the cat begins to hi Molly spins around. The cat scans the room. Unexpectedly, Sam's and the cat's eyes meet... With a wild SCREECH, the cat jumps from the bench and takes off running. Sam recoi Molly stands up.
15) 11) dialog: Frank, what's wrong? Frank?
15) 12) text: The cat is nowhere to be seen. All of a sudden, Molly fre Sam is standing right beside her. It is almost as though senses his presence.
15) 13) dialog: (continuing; whispering) Sam?
15) 14) text: She holds very still for a moment. Sam watches breathless loving her, wanting her. Then quietly, hopefully, he reac out. It is a useless gesture. In a moment of great poigna Molly shakes her head and walks right through him. He rem IN THE FRAME, alone.
16) 0) text: Sam, stands in the corner of a large, walk-in closet, wat as Molly goes through his effects. Boxes, scattered under are filling up with his life's possessions. Molly reaches for a shirt.
16) 2) text: She tosses it into a box and then takes down a sweater. I is obviously handmade, about four sizes too big. Sam  recognizes it. Molly holds the sweater tenderly and presses it to her ch After a moment she puts it back. Then, in a surprising  outburst, she cries out and begins flailing at the shelve Everything comes flying off. Sam reaches out to console h
16) 4) text: Unexpectedly, Carl comes rushing into the room. He takes  hold of Molly and sits her on the bed.
17) 0) text: Molly and Carl are standing over the kitchen table foldin piles of Sam's clothes and placing them into boxes. As Mo lifts one of Sam's jackets, something falls from a side  pocket. It is his small black leather address book. Sam s at it with recognition. Carl sees the book fall and stoop to pick it up but Molly gets it first.
17) 1) dialog: Sam's address book.
17) 4) dialog: No!
17) 6) text: She takes the stubs and lovingly puts them in the box. Sa groans. Carl finds a half used package of Rolaids. Molly takes th from his hand and puts them in the box, too.
17) 9) text: Molly just stares for a moment.
17) 10) dialog: I miss him, Carl.
17) 13) text: Molly buries her head on his shoulder. Carl strokes her h
17) 15) text: Carl lifting a pile of boxes and carrying them to the doo Suddenly Molly yells out.
17) 16) dialog: Wait. Wait. Not that one.
17) 19) text: He turns to the door and then back to Molly.
17) 21) dialog: No.
17) 23) text: Molly shakes her head and turns away.
17) 24) dialog: I can't do it Carl.
17) 27) text: Molly stops and looks at him. He has struck home. After a moment she nods her head.
17) 28) dialog: Okay. Just a short walk.
18) 8) text: Suddenly we hear a KEY TURNING in the front door. The Mug seems startled. He dashes from the bedroom and hides quic behind one of the large sculptures. We hear the door OPEN Molly is standing there. Sam goes crazy.
18) 10) text: Molly closes the door and locks it shut. Sam freezes as s heads for the bedroom. She walks right past the Mugger. T Sam's horror she stops and turns to look around. There is curious expression on her face. Seeing nothing she contin through the loft. The Mugger pulls out his gun. Sam looks on in absolute te Molly's purple blouse hits the floor as she begins to rem her clothes. She turns on the radio. Sam doesn't know what to do. The Mugger seems excited by  Molly's semi-nudity. He begins skirting the edges of the  loft, moving toward the bedroom. Sam is crazed. Suddenly, out of nowhere, Frank appears at the Mugger's f Sam's eyes light up. He drops to his knees, crawls over t him, glares into his eyes, and screams.
18) 12) dialog: Frank, what's wrong?
18) 13) text: The Mugger holds the cat's mouth shut. Seeing and hearing nothing, Molly steps back into the bedroom. The Mugger takes the cat and throws it across the floor.  Holding his eye, he gets up and rushes for the exit. Sam  runs after him, but the door closes before he can get thr He is left inside.
25) 0) text: Sam enters Willie's apartment. It is a squalid affair. Pe paint chips litter the floor. The bed is unmade. Willie pulls open a drawer in a small nightstand and drop in the keys to Molly's loft. Sam sees his wallet. His dri license, bank ID, and a photo of Molly are there, too.  Furious, Sam lunges for Willie but then holds his punch,  knowing it will have no effect. He turns instead to a win and, like the Ghost on the subway, smashes it with his fi Nothing happens.
25) 6) text: Willie grabs a bottle of wine from the nightstand and lie down. After a moment he reaches over and takes Molly's ph from the drawer. He studies it slowly. Sam stands by the door in a state of motionless rage. The is nothing he can do.
30) 0) text: The telephone rings. Molly, preparing dinner, runs to ans it.
30) 1) dialog: Hello.
30) 3) dialog: Yes.
30) 5) dialog: Who is this?
30) 7) dialog: (stunned) What?
30) 9) text: Molly slams down the receiver, panting. For several secon she doesn't move. Slowly, she walks to the couch and sits down. She is trembling.
35) 0) text: Oda Mae approaches the loft building and buzzes Molly's  apartment. She waits a few moments.
35) 7) text: Oda Mae stops. She turns back to the buzzer and rings onc more. Suddenly Molly answers.
35) 8) dialog: Hello, who's there?
35) 10) text: There is a CLICK as Molly hangs up.
36) 0) text: Molly walks away from the intercom, shaken. Suddenly we h Oda Mae yelling up from the street.
36) 2) text: Molly walks over to the window and looks down. Oda Mae is standing in the street looking up. She is calling out at top of her lungs. Molly pulls back. She is afraid.
36) 4) text: Molly tenses. There is a sign of recognition in her eyes.
37) 0) text: Oda Mae is standing by the curb and shouting up to Molly' fifth floor window. Several people stare at her curiously She turns to them.
37) 16) text: Oda Mae is about to walk away when the entrance door open Molly steps outside. Oda Mae sees her and stops.
38) 0) text: Molly and Oda Mae are sitting in a booth staring at one  another.
38) 1) dialog: Why should I believe you? Why should  I believe any of this?
38) 3) dialog: He did that? That's how he got me to  go out with him.
38) 5) dialog: I know. Oh God. This is all so crazy.  I can't believe I'm talking to you  like this. I don't believe in these  things. I don't believe in life after  death.
38) 8) dialog: You're talking to him right now?
38) 10) dialog: Where is he?
38) 14) dialog: I'm sorry. I don't believe you. Why  are you doing this to me? I don't  believe a word you're saying. Sam is  dead. He's dead.
38) 17) text: Molly's hand jumps. Oda Mae looks at her. There is a long poignant moment. Sam chokes up.
38) 20) dialog: (shaking her head) No. He would never say that.
38) 23) text: Molly starts, an expression of true astonishment shining her eyes.
38) 24) dialog: Sam?
39) 0) text: Molly is pressed up against the edge of the couch listeni nervously as Oda Mae speaks. Sam wanders around the room, anxiously.
39) 4) dialog: I don't understand. Why did he come  back? Why is he still here?
39) 8) text: Molly stares at Oda Mae.
39) 13) text: She stands up, as if to leave. Molly watches with growing discomfort as Oda Mae seems to be talking to herself.
39) 18) text: Oda Mae heads for the door. Molly is confused.
39) 19) dialog: I don't believe I'm watching this.
39) 21) text: Oda Mae stops, pauses a moment, and walks back to the cou Sam, relieved, paces back and forth. Oda Mae's eyes follow his voice as Molly watches her  curiously.
39) 26) text: Molly looks concerned. Sam leans into Oda Mae.
39) 29) dialog: Danger?... What do you mean?
39) 32) text: Molly grows pale as she listens. Her forehead tightens.
39) 40) text: Oda Mae seems perplexed as she writes it down and gives i to Molly.
39) 43) dialog: In here?
39) 46) text: Molly stands up, afraid. Oda Mae stands up, too.
39) 48) text: Oda Mae heads for the door as Molly watches in a daze.
40) 0) text: Carl is pacing nervously. He seems very upset. After a mo he approaches Molly. Sam is behind her.
40) 2) dialog: It was real, Carl. She was real.
40) 5) dialog: She was in touch with him.
40) 9) dialog: Carl, she knew things.
40) 11) dialog: I told you, the picture in Reno, the  starfish,... damn it, Carl. (with great difficulty) She said Sam knew who killed him.  That he was set up... murdered.
40) 14) dialog: She had a name, an address -- Willie  Lopez, 321 Prospect Place. She said  he had Sam's wallet.
40) 17) dialog: That's what I have to find out.
40) 19) dialog: Sam wants me to go to the police.
40) 21) text: Molly looks suddenly vulnerable.
40) 23) dialog: You don't believe me. You don't  believe any of this, do you?
40) 25) text: Molly looks at Carl, annoyed. She doesn't believe him for second.
44) 0) text: Molly, neatly dressed, exits her building and hails a cab She hops inside. Seconds later she hops out again, yellin
44) 1) dialog: You white fascist bigot. Who do you  think you are? Bed Stuy's part of  New York, you know. This is America.
44) 2) text: The driver speeds off. Molly gives him the finger.
45) 0) text: Molly exits a subway station and walks toward 131st Stree She is the only white woman on the block and heads turn a she passes.
45) 2) text: Molly pays no attention. Children run up to her, stare, a run away.
46) 0) text: Molly sees Willie's building. She walks into the dank lob It is dark and full of shadows. Leaning close, she examin the mail boxes. Willie's name is there. She backs away,  afraid.
47) 0) text: A dresser drawer opens and a box labeled "Sam's Things -- Valuable" is slowly pulled out. A hand reaches inside it extracts Sam's address book. As THE CAMERA PULLS BACK, we see that it is Carl standing in Molly and Sam's livingroo Carl opens the book and quickly jots down a series of cod numbers he finds in the back. His eyes sparkle with  excitement.
48) 0) text: Molly is sitting in a room opposite DETECTIVE SERGEANT TH BEIDERMAN, 48, and SERGEANT DOROTHY WALLACE, 29. Both off are staring at her as she speaks. She seems very  uncomfortable.
48) 1) dialog: Look, you've gotta believe me. I  don't even believe this stuff, myself.  But this is real. Do you think I'd  come here if it wasn't real? You  told me to come if I had any new  information. Well, here I am.
48) 3) dialog: (continuing) Don't look at me like that. You guys  use psychics all the time.
48) 5) dialog: (continuing) Damn it. I know how this sounds. I  hear myself saying it and I want to  cringe. But this woman knew things  she couldn't have known, intimate  details.
48) 7) dialog: Things Sam only said to me.
48) 9) text: She leaves the room. Molly gives her a dirty look and tur to Beiderman.
48) 10) dialog: I'm telling you. The killer's name  is Willie Lopez. I've got his address.  You've got to check it out.
48) 11) text: Sgt. Beiderman gets up and looks over to Molly.
48) 13) text: He heads out of the room. Molly sits back with an air of  enormous relief and gratitude. Sergeant Wallace comes int the room again and picks up a folder. Molly waits nervous After a moment Sergeant Beiderman returns with a police f in his hands. Molly looks up at him, and then smiles at  Wallace as she sees it. She feels vindicated. He lays the thick folder on the desk and opens it up. She hurries ove to him.
48) 15) text: and reams of police paperwork. WIDEN as Molly stares at i all in sudden shock.
48) 16) dialog: What are you doing? Where's your  file on Willie Lopez?
48) 18) text: CUT BACK AND FORTH between the records and Molly's stunne reaction. We see recent photos of Oda Mae and others goin back to her youth. They are fascinating and revealing. We even see photos of her mother and grandmother. In additio there are pages of arrest records and prison files.
48) 20) text: Molly is overwhelmed by the evidence.
48) 22) dialog: This isn't possible. There were words,  private things. How could she have  known all that?
48) 24) dialog: Ways? What ways?
48) 26) text: Molly turns away.
48) 28) text: Molly's eyes widen.
48) 30) dialog: No! She was real. She said things.  She knew about a sweater I knitted,  about songs we sang... She knew about  this place we went, Montego Bay...
48) 31) text: Molly begins to cry.
48) 33) text: Molly shakes her head no. Sgt. Beiderman closes the file. Molly sits for a long time. She is in terrible pain.
48) 34) dialog: Oh God, I wanted it to be Sam.
49) 0) text: Molly is sitting in her bedroom. The glow of the late  afternoon sunlight casts long shadows across the bed. She seems deeply depressed and alone. Gradually her gaze fall on a jar sitting on the nightstand. In it is the penny Sa found when they were first working on the loft. A label o the jar says, "For Luck!" In a moment of sudden rage, she picks it up and throws it against the wall. It SHATTERS o the floor.
51) 0) text: Molly, in a short terrycloth robe, is sitting in a chair. magazine is on her lap but she is staring vacantly into t loft. She seems lost in the vast space. Sam is pacing bac and forth. There is a melancholy look in his eyes.
51) 2) text: Suddenly the BELL rings. Molly jumps. Molly's finger is on the intercom. She seems unsettled.
51) 3) dialog: Who's there?
51) 5) text: Sam freezes. Molly is surprised. She hesitates a moment a then pushes the buzzer to let him in. We hear Carl boundi up the stairs.
51) 7) text: There is a KNOCK. Molly opens the door. Carl seems buoyan almost celebratory. He has a bag of fruit in his hand. He still in a suit and tie.
51) 9) dialog: Don't worry. It's okay.
51) 13) dialog: (taking the bag) Oh, that's so sweet.
51) 16) dialog: (hesitating) Sure.
52) 0) text: Carl, in shirt sleeves and Molly in her robe, are sitting the couch drinking coffee. We notice that Carl is wearing yellow suspenders. Sam is beside himself, watching them.
52) 1) dialog: Are you alright? You look nervous,  upset.
52) 3) text: Molly reaches out and pats his arm. There is an awkward p
52) 5) dialog: I didn't have time. (beat) I went to the police, Carl.
52) 8) dialog: You were right, you know. I felt  like such a fool. They brought out a  file on this psychic woman ten inches  thick. It was awful.
52) 11) dialog: The sad part is that I believed her.  I believed her, Carl. (pause) It was all a sham.
52) 13) dialog: Why?... I was a fool. I don't believe  anything anymore. Why would people  do such things?
52) 16) text: Molly holds back tears. Carl reaches out tenderly and str her hair.
52) 18) dialog: (finally crying) I feel so alone.
52) 20) dialog: (appreciating his  words) Oh God, I don't know what's real  anymore. I don't know what to think.
52) 26) text: Molly can barely contain her tears. Carl moves toward her moist cheeks and kisses them gently. Slowly, he guides hi lips to her neck and kisses it, too. It is all hateful an sensual at the same time. Sam turns away. Molly feels Carl's tenderness, needs it. She does not not his hand reaching for the cord on her robe and slowly pul it toward him. With a little tug the cord unravels and th robe falls open. Molly is confused, aroused, not sure wha to do. She starts to pull it closed. He holds her hand. F a moment they do nothing. Then his fingers reach for her  thigh. Her body quivers. Carl feels her openness and pull closer, his hand rising gently up her naked body. Molly's eyes close. She says nothing.
52) 29) text: Sam charges wildly at the couch and begins flailing  uncontrollably at the two of them. Unexpectedly his foot  kicks out and hits a framed photograph of him and Molly t sitting on an end table. The picture CRASHES to the floor the glass SHATTERING. Molly jumps up, the mood suddenly broken. She sees the ph and recoils. Carl reaches for her. She backs away. Sam is stunned by what has happened. He jumps up and trie kicking over another picture but nothing moves. His foot  goes right through it. Molly looks at Carl, drying her tears.
52) 30) dialog: I can't. I'm sorry. I can't. It's  too soon... You've been great Carl,  but... I need you to leave. Please.  I need you to.
52) 35) text: Molly hesitates a moment and then nods her head "yes". Ca smiles.
63) 7) text: Sam looks up and gulps. Molly has just entered the bank a is heading toward them. He jumps up nervously.
63) 12) text: Sam rushes over to Molly. He is not sure what to do. He  notices a stack of deposit forms on the counter she is ab to pass. He hurries to it and flicks the entire stack, a  hundred sheets, flying up into the air. Molly, confused,  thinks she is responsible and stoops to pick them up. Sam delighted, flicks another stack. Oda Mae is talking a blue streak when Sam returns to her.
63) 17) text: Oda Mae smiles and leaves. There is a new lilt in her wal Suddenly Sam looks and sees Molly about to stand up.
63) 21) text: Molly sees her, does a double take, and starts to go afte her. Unfortunately, Oda Mae steps onto an elevator before Molly can catch up. The doors close. Molly stops for a mo and then looks back across to the executive area. She see Lionel Furgeson and hurries over to him.
63) 22) dialog: Lionel?
63) 25) dialog: Lionel, a woman who just left, a  black lady, about my height, did you  see her?
63) 27) dialog: What did she want? Did it have  anything to do with me? Did she ask  about Sam?
63) 29) dialog: Was her name Oda Mae Brown?
63) 31) text: Molly stares at Furgeson. She is not sure what to think.
63) 33) dialog: (hesitating, not sure  what to say) No. I guess not. Thanks.
66) 0) text: Molly, all dressed to go out, is sitting in Sam's easy ch asleep. Suddenly Carl arrives knocking at her door. He do not look well. Sam is with him.
66) 1) dialog: Carl? Where were you? I thought we  were having...?
66) 4) dialog: Forgot? I was worried. Is everything  okay? Are you all right?
66) 6) text: Molly eyes Carl with concern as he enters the loft.
66) 10) dialog: Why? What happened?
66) 12) dialog: Carl, stop this. It was all a hoax.  I told you. It wasn't real. She's a  charlatan. (she hesitates and  stares at Carl) Does this have anything to do with  her being at the bank today?
66) 16) dialog: I was sure I saw her. Furgeson says  she was taking out money. It turns  out her name isn't even Oda Mae Brown.  It's Rita Miller or something.
66) 18) dialog: (continuing) What's wrong?
66) 20) dialog: (worried) Sure. Just a second. What's going  on?
67) 8) text: Sam freezes. Molly enters the kitchen. She grabs her nose
67) 9) dialog: Oh my God. Is that the gas?
67) 14) dialog: (confused) Me, too.
67) 17) dialog: Trouble? What kind of trouble? Is it  that woman, the psychic?
67) 19) dialog: Carl, what's going on? Let me help  you.
67) 21) text: Molly is speechless.
84) 0) text: There is a KNOCK at the door. Molly goes to it. Fastening the latch, she opens it a crack.
84) 1) dialog: Carl, is that you?
84) 4) text: Molly tries to slam the door but hits Oda Mae's foot.
84) 5) dialog: Get the hell out of here. I'm calling  the police.
84) 7) dialog: No!
84) 9) dialog: (screaming) Why are you doing this to me? Get  away from me! I know all about you.  You're a fake. You're just a fake.  Leave me alone!
84) 10) text: We see Sam's inside the room with Molly. He gazes at her  lovingly for a moment and then calls back to Oda Mae.
84) 14) dialog: grabbing hold of her beads. Her hand is shaking.
84) 16) dialog: Go away!
84) 22) text: Oda Mae obeys and a penny slides into the loft. Molly see it. Sam tips it carefully so it lands upright against the bottom of the door. Pushing gently, he moves the penny up the door until it's eye level with Molly. She watches it, amazed. Then, to her astonishment, the penny floats away from the door and hovers in the air. There is a look of wonder in  Molly's eyes as it floats toward her.
84) 25) text: Molly stands there dumbfounded. Her face is completely wh After a moment she reaches for the penny. It falls into h hand. There are tears in her eyes.
85) 0) text: Molly is on the phone. Oda Mae is beside her.
85) 1) dialog: Right. Yes, it's right on the corner.  We're a red brick building with the  entrance on the left side. Please  hurry. Thank you Sergeant. We'll be  waiting right here. (she hangs up) Police are on their way.
85) 3) dialog: What do we do now?
85) 6) dialog: Is Sam here?
85) 9) text: Molly reaches out tentatively. Sam meets her hand. She  flinches for a second but does not pull back.
85) 10) dialog: (fingering the air) Can you feel me, Sam?
85) 15) dialog: Oh, Sam.
85) 23) text: Oda Mae closes her eyes. "Unchained Melody" begins to pla Sam hesitates for a moment and then cautiously, awkwardly slides his ghostly body into her solid form. We sense Oda Mae's discomfort gradually give way as Sam emerges inside her. After a second her body turns slowly toward Molly. Oda Mae's hand reaches out and with slow, deliberate gest touches Molly's hand. Molly swallows hard. She closes her eyes.
85) 25) text: Sam. It is as though he alone is there with Molly. His ey are full of tears. He can barely move. His hand glides sl down Molly's cheek. He seems to be in a state of ecstasy pain. The experience is more than he can bear. He pulls back.
85) 26) dialog: Sam!
85) 27) text: Molly reaches out, takes Sam's hand, and guides it to her soft lips. Sam can barely breathe. He seems totally absor in the experience, the sensation of human flesh. His eyes are absolutely still and full of light. He seems be glowing. Gently, Molly takes Sam's arm and guides him to his feet. Effortlessly, she draws him to the center of the huge lof With great tenderness, she puts her arms around him and b he knows what is happening, they are dancing. It is a str touching image, reminiscent of their first night in their new home. Sam reaches out and slowly draws his fingers do over her face, caressing her forehead, her cheeks, her li She stands motionless. Her face shines. She knows beyond doubt that it is him.
85) 28) dialog: I love you so much.
85) 30) text: A LOUD JARRING SOUND. It takes a moment to realize that i is someone KNOCKING at the door. The light slams back int its shadowy substance and Sam comes shooting back into hi ghostly form. Oda Mae is standing with Molly in the cente of the room. Sam is beside them. He appears shaken and di There is a another loud POUNDING at the door.
85) 31) dialog: The police!
85) 32) text: Molly heads for the door. Sam calls out. He can barely sp
85) 39) dialog: It's Carl!
85) 41) text: Oda Mae grabs Molly.
85) 43) text: Oda Mae and Molly run for the fire escape window. We hear Carl yelling in the hallway.
88) 0) text: Molly and Oda Mae are climbing the fire escape.
90) 0) text: Molly and Oda Mae run through a new loft that is under  construction. It is a maze of tangled wires and broken wa The fire escape window slams shut and nearly scares them  half to death. They rush blindly toward the front door. I won't open.
90) 2) text: Oda Mae reaches the fire escape window just as Carl appea on the other side. She screams. Carl tries shoving the wi open. It won't budge. Molly sees some scaffolding leading to the skylight. Ther is an opening at the top.
90) 3) dialog: This way!
90) 4) text: Molly quickly climbs the scaffolding and makes it to the  roof. With a huge shove, Carl opens the window and rushes insid The window slams behind him. Oda Mae rushes back toward Molly, but her foot catches on loose cable and she falls to the ground.
90) 9) text: Molly looks down from the scaffolding and begins to screa
90) 10) dialog: (screaming) God almighty, Carl! What are you  doing? What have you done!?
90) 13) text: Carl kicks Oda Mae. Molly rushes at him, attacking him  violently. Carl aims his gun at her.
90) 25) text: He aims his gun at her eye and is about to FIRE when,  suddenly, something shoves him to the floor. Carl screams and jumps back, tripping over Oda Mae. Sam is standing th In total panic, Carl scrambles to get up. Horrified, he S his gun blindly into the air. Molly and Oda Mae dive for  cover. The bullets have no impact. Sam musters all his  strength and shoves Carl again. White with fear, Carl gra Molly and aims his gun at her head.
90) 36) text: Molly is crouched in the corner, her back pressed tightly against the wall. She is staring into space. The room is  filled with plaster dust. Slowly, emerging from the dust, see Sam approaching Molly. He gazes at her with terrible  longing. Suddenly, a brilliant light glows from behind the ceiling and the skylight floods the room with a golden haze. Sam  turns to look at it. His eyes are full of surprise and wo The spirits beyond the ceiling are beckoning to him. As h looks down, he notices that his hands are growing transpa His body is beginning to fade. A faint smile forms on his face. He leans down toward Molly, staring at her for a lo silent moment.
90) 38) text: Molly's head lifts up. She looks around.
90) 39) dialog: Sam? Is that you?
90) 41) dialog: I hear you, Sam.
90) 42) text: She starts to cry. Gradually, we notice that the dust in the air near Molly beginning to shimmer with a subtle glow. To her astonishm Sam's spirit is reflected in the floating particles.
90) 43) dialog: (continuing) Oh God!
90) 44) text: Sam's luminous form appears before her. Molly is overwhel by the sight of him. The two of them gaze at one another  without moving. They know it is for the last time. It is silent exchange, charged with emotion. Slowly, the two bodies reach forward. As their lips touch the plaster dust swirls sensuously through Sam's vaporous image and he begins to disappear. Molly pulls back from h as though from a cloud. His voice rises from the mist.
90) 46) text: Tears roll down her cheek. The brilliant light intensifies. It is beautiful, like a  sunrise, saturating the room with a warm, comforting glow Molly looks up and sees it all. Oda Mae sees it, too.
90) 49) text: Oda Mae smiles warmly. Sam turns to Molly. She is gazing at the last remaining  moments of him. Her eyes brim over with tears and love.
90) 51) text: Molly swallows hard and wipes her eyes.
90) 52) dialog: Ditto.
90) 59) text: They are his last words. His spirit dissolves within its  ghostly moorings and begins to evaporate. Molly looks up  silently for a moment, her face filled with love.
90) 60) dialog: See ya.
90) 61) text: We see Sam's spirit rise from the room. It passes effortl through the ceiling and, in seconds, he is gone. The room grows dark. Molly sits quietly on the floor. There is a look of awe a wonder in her eyes. After a moment, Oda Mae reaches down help her up. Molly looks at her lovingly and then gently  takes her hand. Arm in arm, supporting one another, they  walk quietly from the room.