0) 2) dialog: I told you!
0) 4) dialog: I can't breathe.
0) 7) dialog: (singing) "Volga boat..., man." Whoomph!
0) 9) text: The CAMERA MOVES IN and for the first time we see them. M JENSEN, in her late 20's, has a bandanna around her hair a workman's mask over her nose, but we can tell from her  eyes and cheekbones that she is beautiful. SAM WHEAT, in late 30's, is also hidden behind a mask, but he has a str forehead and handsome features. Sweat is dripping down hi brow, leaving streaks in the dust. CARL BRUNER, early 30' removes his mask revealing a good looking young man with fashionable two-day stubble. Both men have their shirts o
0) 13) dialog: And about eighty years of dust.
0) 15) dialog: (eyeing her curiously) For what?
0) 17) dialog: Be great for bumper cars.
0) 18) text: Carl laughs as he looks at Sam. Their bodies, covered wit white powder, appear as strange, ghostly figures.
0) 20) text: Sam glances down at his white body. They all laugh.
0) 22) text: Sam obeys. Molly doodles on his chest, drawing a bow tie the outline of a tuxedo jacket. Her lines are quick,  accomplished, and subtly erotic.
0) 27) text: Sam, Molly, and Carl are holding their sledgehammers. Mol begins to count.
0) 29) text: In unison, they hit it once more. A massive section of pl and metal topples to the ground. New clouds of dust fill air. Suddenly, Sam spies an old jar lying on the floor.  Something rattles inside it, a penny.
0) 30) dialog: Hey, look what I found. There's a  penny inside. (he hands it to Molly) For luck in our new loft. It's a  good omen.
0) 37) dialog: It's gonna be great.
0) 40) text: Sam seems preoccupied.
0) 42) dialog: I hate pitching to these Japanese  guys. They make me nervous. I mean,  what am I supposed to say, "Who do  you think'll win that big Sumo  championship"?
0) 44) text: Sam's jacket flares open. He is wearing yellow suspenders Carl notices.
0) 46) text: Sam, not completely comfortable wearing them, buttons his jacket.
0) 47) dialog: ...Molly.
0) 50) dialog: Better pay off your Mustang first.
1) 0) text: Sam and Carl are standing on a crowded elevator. It is de quiet. Suddenly Carl elbows Sam and winks. There is somet he wants him to do. Sam hesitates a moment, annoyed, and  then relents. He clears his throat.
1) 1) dialog: So Carl, what did the doctor say?
1) 4) dialog: And what about the rash?
1) 6) dialog: On your genitals again?
2) 0) text: Sam and Carl, laughing, walk through a large office area  bustling with activity. Employees, in various cubicles, a talking on telephones and punching information into compu Sam heads into his executive office. Carl steps into a cu across the aisle. ROSE, Sam's secretary, approaches him.
2) 2) dialog: Morning Rose. Listen, when the  Kobiashi people arrive, have Elenore  take them right to the...
2) 4) text: She points to a windowed conference room. Sam turns aroun and sees a large group of JAPANESE MEN standing inside.
2) 5) dialog: They're early!
2) 7) dialog: Noon? Damn!
2) 10) dialog: Listen, Dillon needs $900,000 in  Albany by noon. Can you transfer it  to his payroll account?
2) 12) text: Sam pulls out his wallet and extracts a small address boo He jots the code numbers on a piece of paper and hands it Carl.
2) 13) dialog: Discretion, huh?
3) 0) text: Sam and a group of fifteen somber Japanese businessmen ar sitting around a large granite conference table. Sam stan up and speaks a simple greeting to them.
3) 1) dialog: (in Japanese) Good morning, Gentlemen. On behalf  of Market Security Bank &amp; Trust, I  welcome you to our city.
3) 4) text: They look to Sam, expecting more. Uncomfortable, he clear his throat.
3) 5) dialog: I'm afraid that's the only Japanese  I know. But I realize it's not our  language fluency, or lack of it,  that brings you to Market Security.  Rather, I'm sure, it is our banking  expertise, our ability to represent  and anticipate all of your banking  needs. As you know, we are not the  largest banking establishment in New  York. (his throat goes dry  and he takes a sip  of water) But, with combined assets of over  200 billion dollars, we have a firm  commitment to the international  marketplace.
3) 6) text: A SECRETARY enters the room and hands Sam a piece of pape It reads "MOLLY ON LINE 2. URGENT." She hands him a phone Sam looks surprised. He nods apologetically to his guests
3) 7) dialog: Excuse me. (he picks up the  receiver) Hello?
3) 12) dialog: straight-faced, listening and trying to look as if it is  important.
3) 13) dialog: Uh hmm.
3) 15) text: The entire contingent of Japanese men is staring at Sam.
3) 17) dialog: Okay.
3) 19) text: Sam squelches a smile.
3) 20) dialog: Well, that's just fine.
3) 22) dialog: Thank you. I'll remember that.
3) 29) dialog: Saved your life.
3) 30) text: Sam laughs as he pulls her back into the loft. She does n think it is funny.
3) 32) dialog: Better than seeing this gorgeous  body splattered all over the street.  Here, look out.
3) 33) text: Sam jumps up, grabs hold of the door's top molding, and s out over the sidewalk. Molly gasps. Sam's feet push at th angel and send it swinging away and then back toward the  loft. Quickly he jumps back, grabs hold of it, and brings in. The workmen applaud. Molly eyes him with admiration. Suddenly we hear a voice call out.
3) 35) text: Molly looks to Sam.
3) 37) dialog: (under his breath) I couldn't keep him away.
3) 38) text: Carl enters, shakes Molly's hand, and pats Sam on the bac
4) 6) dialog: What do you mean? It's comfortable.  For T.V. I love that chair.
4) 8) dialog: It goes with me.
4) 10) text: Sam pinches her ass. Molly smiles.
5) 0) text: Sam, Molly, and Carl are sprawled out on the floor, eatin from Cartons of Chinese food. Frank, a gray cat, eats bes them. Unpacked boxes are scattered everywhere.
5) 1) dialog: It was the middle of December. I was  sitting in my old office, the one  Charlie's in. Suddenly, I heard this  woman screaming. I thought someone'd  been shot or something.
5) 3) dialog: She was four thousand dollars over  her limit.
5) 5) dialog: She's still angry.
5) 7) text: The cat begins nibbling Sam's food.
5) 8) dialog: Get outta here, Frank! (the cat scampers  away) You should have seen her. All pink  and flushed. Her skin was gorgeous,  like a rose. And she's screaming,  demanding to see the president. So  Wilton brought her to me.
5) 10) dialog: She didn't know that.
5) 13) dialog: What's a Montana accent?
5) 15) dialog: (laughing) I wasn't nervous.
5) 17) dialog: (matter of factly) I thought you were cute.
5) 19) text: She looks at Sam and grins. Carl is staring at Molly,  obviously turned on by her. He is embarrassed when she ca his gaze and quickly looks away.
6) 0) text: Molly, dressed only in a T-shirt, is sitting at her potte wheel throwing a series of pots. Sam enters the studio. H is barefoot, shirtless, wearing jeans.
6) 1) dialog: What are you doing?
6) 3) dialog: At 2:00 am?
6) 4) text: She nods and presses her hands into a pot that is forming front of her. Sam watches the sensual movement of her fin molding and forming the clay. She is forceful, assured,  gifted. The clay responds to her slightest effort. Slowly almost unconsciously, Sam reaches for her shoulders and b kissing them.
6) 5) dialog: (continuing) You notice Carl's eyes today? They  were all over you.
6) 7) text: Sam reaches over her and gently adds his fingers to the c Molly looks up at him.
6) 9) dialog: I feel inspired.
6) 10) text: His hands dig into the clay. Molly smiles. Their fingers  seem to dance together. After a moment, she reaches up to him, her clay-covered fingers streaking his face and curv down to his chest. Sam grins and reaches down to her.
6) 21) dialog: The matter?
6) 23) dialog: Nothing... really.
6) 25) dialog: No. Not really.
6) 27) dialog: I don't know. A lot of things. I  just don't want the bubble to burst...  Whenever something good happens to  me I'm just afraid I'm going to lose  it.
6) 30) dialog: What?
6) 33) dialog: Ditto.
6) 34) text: Suddenly the T.V. blares into the room. Sam jumps up, gra the remote control unit from under his buttocks. Molly la as he turns the SOUND DOWN. The news is on and they are  showing the remains of an airline disaster. Sam stares at the tube.
6) 35) dialog: Oh Jesus. Another one.
6) 39) text: The T.V. goes OFF. Sam, confused, spins around. Molly is  holding the remote control. She nods for him to lie down.
6) 40) dialog: I should cancel my L.A. trip... These  things always happen in threes.
6) 42) dialog: Yeah. So did they.
6) 43) text: Sam looks at her and then back at the screen.
6) 44) dialog: (continuing) Amazing, huh? (he snaps his fingers) Just like that. Blackout.
7) 0) text: Sam is sitting at his computer. His address book with his access codes is sitting open beside him. He seems perplex by something happening on the screen. After pushing a ser of buttons and getting the same response, he whacks the  computer on the side. Carl, walking in the door, sees him Sam looks up sheepishly.
7) 1) dialog: A glitch. What's up?
7) 3) dialog: I changed it.
7) 5) dialog: Nothing. I just want to nose around  a bit... Can you keep your mouth  shut?
7) 7) dialog: I think I've stumbled onto something.  There's too much money in these  accounts.
7) 9) dialog: That's what I keep asking myself.
7) 11) dialog: I've been checking.
7) 13) dialog: Not yet. I'm gonna dig around a bit.
7) 15) dialog: We're going to the theatre. She wants  to see "Macbeth" at the Spring Street  Repertory.
7) 16) text: Carl winces. Sam smiles.
8) 0) text: Sam and Molly are sitting in the fifth row of a crowded  auditorium. He is sound asleep.
8) 1) text: A scene from "Macbeth". Sam begins to snore. Molly grabs his nose. He jerks awake Molly grins.
9) 0) text: Bright marquee lights sparkle overhead as Sam and Molly e the theatre. It is a beautiful brisk night.
9) 1) dialog: I loved it.
9) 5) dialog: Six times.
9) 7) dialog: Molly, the "New York Times" is some  frustrated little critic with pimples  on his ass who flunked out of art  school. Who cares what The New York  Times thinks?
9) 9) dialog: Your work's beautiful. That's a fact,  Moll. It doesn't matter what anyone  thinks.
9) 10) text: We can tell from the expression on Molly's face that it d Sam puts his arm around her. She nestles close to him. Th suddenly, she stops and looks up. There is an unexpected  seriousness in her voice.
9) 12) dialog: (taken aback) What?
9) 14) dialog: (staring at her) It's just been so long since... I  mean, you never wanted to talk about  it.
9) 17) dialog: What do you think, Moll?
9) 19) dialog: What are you talking about?
9) 21) dialog: People say "I love you" all the time.  It doesn't mean anything.
9) 23) text: Sam stops and stares at Molly. He pauses quietly. He is a to speak when A MAN'S FACE emerges from the shadows behin him. Molly gasps. Sam spins around.
9) 26) dialog: Let me handle this.
9) 27) text: Sam stops abruptly and turns around. A gun is staring him the face. Molly screams.
9) 29) text: Sam waits a beat.
9) 31) text: Sam reaches for his jacket. The Mugger grabs his wrist an then carefully pulls the wallet out himself.
9) 32) dialog: Take the money. Just leave the wallet  and my...
9) 33) text: He swipes Sam across the head. Molly screams. The Mugger  whacks her across the face. Sam explodes, plowing into th mugger with all his might.
9) 35) text: There is a wild, all out brawl. Sam fights like a mad man Suddenly the GUN goes off. The Mugger panics and takes of running. Sam charges after him.
9) 37) text: The two men run down the dark street, but the Mugger is  already a full block ahead and disappears into the shadow Sam gives up. Slowly he turns and begins walking back tow Molly. We can see Molly dimly at the end of the block as Sam  approaches. She is screaming for help. Frightened, Sam ca out.
9) 38) dialog: Molly!
9) 39) text: She doesn't answer. Sam tenses and starts running toward  her. He is just three feet away when suddenly he stops. A expression of pure terror overwhelms his face.
9) 42) dialog: No!!!!!!
9) 43) text: He jumps down toward his body and reaches out to grab hol of his motionless form. His hands make a strange SOUND as they pass right though it. It is terrifying. Sam jumps up crazed, frenzied, and begins circling Molly. It is as tho he is trying to undo what has been done.
9) 44) dialog: (continuing) This isn't happening. It's not  happening.
9) 46) dialog: (continuing) Help me!
9) 47) text: They run right through him. He gasps in stunned terror. Sam watches helplessly as they reach his body. Molly look up and begins screaming hysterically. One of the Men grab her as the other goes for Sam's wrist. There is no sign o life. The first Man holds Molly back as his friend stoops down begins some form of cardio-pulmonary resuscitation. There no response. Sam bends down, trying desperately to help. is a futile gesture.
9) 48) dialog: Do it! Do it!
9) 49) text: The Man bangs on Sam's chest. Blood gushes from the wound Molly recoils. He bangs again.
10) 0) text: Sam shoots up in bed, panting. It is dark. He stares arou the loft in sudden confusion. With a lurch he flicks on t night light. Molly is lying beside him, her head buried  beneath a pillow. Sam seems stunned.
10) 1) dialog: Molly? Molly!
10) 4) dialog: Molly!
10) 5) text: Sam is so relieved to hear her voice that he can hardly  breathe.
10) 7) text: Molly, groggy, tries to sit up. Sam reaches out for her. As she turns around, we see A SKELETEL VERSION OF HER HEA staring at the camera. It speaks.
10) 9) text: Sam bolts upright, screaming. It is a scream so consumed terror that one fears it will never stop.
10) 13) text: Molly is sitting on the bed looking at him, afraid. Sam stares down at her. He is breathing heavily, not trus his own senses. His hands clutch at the wall.
10) 14) dialog: What's happening to me?!
10) 15) text: Suddenly, a brilliant white light shoots into the room as host of glowing forms, radiating an intense inner light,  float before us. A blinding tunnel spirals in an infinite vortex behind them. Sam is awed and confused. We sense th the light is enchanting him. The entire room begins to  disappear in the light. Molly screams.
10) 17) text: Sam turns and sees Molly, only she is not in the bed. She back on the street. To his amazement, he is on the street too, still bathed in the soothing light. Frightened, he c out to her.
10) 18) dialog: Molly!
10) 20) dialog: (continuing) Molly.
10) 21) text: There is no response. Sam, deeply troubled, hesitates for moment. He is torn between Molly and the light. Then, in painful, but conscious gesture, he turns from the light a walks toward Molly. At that instant, the light behind him disappears with the sound of a pneumatic door closing. Th is a sense of terrible finality as the tunnel evaporates  into the void. Sam is left on the dark pavement. He stand there a moment, as if in shock, and then begins running t Molly. An AMBULANCE is rounding the corner.
12) 0) text: Sam's body is lying in the back of the ambulance as a  PARAMEDIC applies electric paddles to his chest in an eff to save him. After a moment, he looks up at Molly. We can tell from the expression in his eyes that it is hopeless. Sam yells.
12) 1) dialog: Don't stop! I'm not dead!
12) 2) text: Molly, kneeling over Sam's body, grabs him and begins to in long terrible sobs.
13) 0) text: A DOCTOR, comforting Molly, accompanies her from one of t emergency operating rooms and leads her through a pair of swinging doors into a separate waiting area. We see TWO  POLICEMEN and TWO DETECTIVES stand up and approach her. Sam doesn't want Molly to go and begins to follow her, bu then seems torn, afraid to leave his body. He turns back  just as his corpse, covered in a green sheet, is wheeled  into the corridor and parked alongside the wall. Sam seem stunned and inconsolable as he sits down beside it. A wrinkled OLD MAN approaches Sam and joins him on the be He begins talking.
13) 2) text: Sam is startled, amazed that the man can see him.
13) 3) dialog: What?
13) 5) dialog: Are you talking to me?
13) 7) dialog: Who are you?
13) 9) text: The man sticks his head into the green sheet covering Sam body. His head disappears. Sam is terrified.
13) 13) text: Before Sam can understand what is happening the entire ro fills with a strange preternatural light. Suddenly he loo up and freezes. The amorphous forms he saw right after he died are floati down through the ceiling and reaching for the body on the operating table. They are emitting a powerful light.
13) 16) text: The glowing forms take hold of the man's spirit and help  extract it from his body. His physical form changes insta from a solid object into an ethereal substance. Sam stares in amazement as the strange beings carry the s upward. They evaporate through the ceiling.
13) 18) text: The light in the room grows dull instantly. Nurses cover dead man with a dark sheet as the doctors step away. Sam  turns to the Old Man.
13) 19) dialog: Who are you? What's happening...?
13) 20) text: The Man isn't there. An Orderly approaches the gurney wit Sam's body and begins pushing it toward the elevator. Sam jumps in front of him.
13) 21) dialog: (continuing) No!
13) 23) text: as the stretcher begins to roll right through him. The  penetration of his physical space is horrifying to Sam. H stands, almost paralyzed, as the body of the Orderly  intersects with his. It is a stunning moment of extraordi strangeness as we witness the atoms and molecules of the  Orderly's body passing through his. It is like a glimpse ultimate chaos, the universe within. Then, in a flash, the Orderly has passed through, but Sam still shaking. He stares up at the ceiling.
13) 24) dialog: Oh God, help me.
13) 26) text: as the ceiling lights and acoustical tiles begin to blur. The hallway grows dark. It is as though Sam is blacking o
14) 0) text: Slowly, images begin to emerge out of the blackness. It t a moment to realize that they are scenes from Sam's funer The CAMERA TRACKS along rows of mourners as seen from SAM P.O.V. He seems to be floating among them. We hear snippe of conversations. It all seems strangely odd and disjoint Time seems unfixed, malleable. We see a MINISTER standing beside the grave.
14) 2) text: The CAMERA KEEPS MOVING. Sam's associates from the bank a among the mourners.
14) 4) text: Sam notices a WOMAN in a fancy print dress comforting one the mourners. The woman looks up at him, smiles, and wave Sam is surprised. He looks behind him, but no one is ther As he turns back, the woman is walking away. She appears  just like any normal person until she approaches a large  gravestone and passes right through it. Sam is shocked.
14) 6) text: Suddenly, Molly ENTERS THE FRAME. Sam spots her. The CAME STOPS.
14) 7) dialog: Molly.
14) 10) text: The casket is lowered into the ground. Molly approaches t grave. She us a little unsteady. Carl takes her elbow. A  shovel is placed in her hands. With great emotional effor she lifts a shovelful of dirt and tosses it onto the cask It lands with a REVERBERATING finality. Sam shudders.
14) 15) dialog: desperately alone. Down the hill, people are getting back into their cars. Sam can see Molly being let into a limou He stands there staring at his own casket, grieving. Then after a moment, he turns away. Separating from his body,  from his own grave site, he runs after her.
15) 0) text: Molly is sitting on the couch in the middle of the loft  surrounded by FRIENDS and WELL WISHERS. A young GIRL, her niece, cuddles in her lap. People are eating and milling  around. Slowly THE CAMERA BEGINS TO PAN. It ends on Sam,  standing alone in a corner. In the midst of all the activ he is lost and alone.
15) 2) text: Raw clay on a potter's wheel spins hypnotically, sensuous Molly's wet hands press in, shaping it, molding it. A bow begins to appear. The camera pulls back and reveals Sam. is sitting on the floor behind her, knees pressed to his  chest, rocking aimlessly. Molly looks away from the bowl she is forming. It distort and bends. Angry, she digs her finger into it. The bowl  disintegrates. Tears form in her eyes. Frank jumps up on the bench beside her. Molly stares sadl around the room. Quietly, she begins talking to herself, the air.
15) 4) text: Sam looks up.
15) 6) text: Sam walks over to Molly. Desperate for contact, he reache out to touch her cheek, but then hesitates and pulls back
15) 9) dialog: I am here, Moll. I am.
15) 10) text: Suddenly, as if hearing Sam's voice, the cat begins to hi Molly spins around. The cat scans the room. Unexpectedly, Sam's and the cat's eyes meet... With a wild SCREECH, the cat jumps from the bench and takes off running. Sam recoi Molly stands up.
15) 12) text: The cat is nowhere to be seen. All of a sudden, Molly fre Sam is standing right beside her. It is almost as though senses his presence.
15) 14) text: She holds very still for a moment. Sam watches breathless loving her, wanting her. Then quietly, hopefully, he reac out. It is a useless gesture. In a moment of great poigna Molly shakes her head and walks right through him. He rem IN THE FRAME, alone.
16) 0) text: Sam, stands in the corner of a large, walk-in closet, wat as Molly goes through his effects. Boxes, scattered under are filling up with his life's possessions. Molly reaches for a shirt.
16) 1) dialog: Wait, Moll. Not that one. That's my  favorite...
16) 2) text: She tosses it into a box and then takes down a sweater. I is obviously handmade, about four sizes too big. Sam  recognizes it. Molly holds the sweater tenderly and presses it to her ch After a moment she puts it back. Then, in a surprising  outburst, she cries out and begins flailing at the shelve Everything comes flying off. Sam reaches out to console h
16) 3) dialog: (continuing) Molly, don't.
16) 5) dialog: (continuing) Say something. Help her, Carl.
16) 7) dialog: (sarcastic) Oh good. That's really good.
17) 0) text: Molly and Carl are standing over the kitchen table foldin piles of Sam's clothes and placing them into boxes. As Mo lifts one of Sam's jackets, something falls from a side  pocket. It is his small black leather address book. Sam s at it with recognition. Carl sees the book fall and stoop to pick it up but Molly gets it first.
17) 2) text: She skims through it a moment, but the memories it evokes are too powerful for her. She places it carefully into a labeled "Sam's Things -- Valuable" and continues packing. She finds the old jar with the penny in it. It's marked " Luck". She holds it tenderly for a moment and then places on the nightstand beside the bed. Carl discovers some old ticket stubs in another of Sam's  jackets. He examines them.
17) 5) dialog: Molly, we hated that concert.
17) 8) dialog: Rolaids? What are you doin' Moll?
17) 31) text: Before Sam even understands what is happening, they are  exiting the loft. Sam jumps up and runs after them.
17) 32) dialog: Hey, Molly! Wait!
17) 33) text: The door slams shut. Sam is locked inside. Frightened and desperate, he rushes for the door knob. His hand sinks th it. There is a strange sound, like ELECTRICAL STATIC, as penetrates the metal and wood. Frightened, he yanks it ba Sam circles the space several times and then returns to t door. Clenching his teeth, he reaches out again. As his h pushes up against it, we sense that he experiences a subt resistance. The hairs on the back of his hand vibrate as ghostly form presses into it. We sense Sam's fear as his  entire arm DISAPPEARS FROM VIEW. The grating ELECTRICAL S shudders up his spine. The sight of his amputated limb is unsettling but Sam doe not pull back. Slowly he edges in and presses his face in the molecules of the wood.
17) 37) dialog: pulling back from the door. He is trembling.
18) 2) dialog: "Singing bye bye, Miss American Pie.  Drove my Chevy to the levy, but the  levy was dry. Them good ol' boys  were drinkin' whiskey and rye, and  singing this'll be the day that I..."
18) 3) text: He stops, realizing the last word of the song. He sits  silently, staring at the wall. Suddenly, there is a SOUND at the door. Sam's eyes shoot The door begins to open. Sam stands up. His face begins to tighten. We know instan that something is wrong. His eyes fill with a fury we hav not seen before. The Mugger, the man who killed Sam, is entering the loft. has a key in his hand and puts it in his pocket. Sam is  stunned. The Mugger locks the door.
18) 4) text: Sam goes wild. He shoots at the man with all his might,  attacking him unceasingly, but with no effect. His hands feet pass right through him.
18) 5) dialog: You motherfucking bastard! What the  hell are you doing here? What are  you doing?
18) 8) text: Suddenly we hear a KEY TURNING in the front door. The Mug seems startled. He dashes from the bedroom and hides quic behind one of the large sculptures. We hear the door OPEN Molly is standing there. Sam goes crazy.
18) 9) dialog: Molly, no! Get out!
18) 10) text: Molly closes the door and locks it shut. Sam freezes as s heads for the bedroom. She walks right past the Mugger. T Sam's horror she stops and turns to look around. There is curious expression on her face. Seeing nothing she contin through the loft. The Mugger pulls out his gun. Sam looks on in absolute te Molly's purple blouse hits the floor as she begins to rem her clothes. She turns on the radio. Sam doesn't know what to do. The Mugger seems excited by  Molly's semi-nudity. He begins skirting the edges of the  loft, moving toward the bedroom. Sam is crazed. Suddenly, out of nowhere, Frank appears at the Mugger's f Sam's eyes light up. He drops to his knees, crawls over t him, glares into his eyes, and screams.
18) 13) text: The Mugger holds the cat's mouth shut. Seeing and hearing nothing, Molly steps back into the bedroom. The Mugger takes the cat and throws it across the floor.  Holding his eye, he gets up and rushes for the exit. Sam  runs after him, but the door closes before he can get thr He is left inside.
18) 14) dialog: stares at the closed door in a wild panic. He doesn't kno what to do. Then, summoning all of his courage, he takes blind, running slow motion leap and charges through it. SAM'S P.O.V. There is a brief sense of passing through a molecular for field, a miniature universe inside the door.
18) 15) dialog: as he emerges from the door and lands on the other side. seems excited to have survived and is very pleased with  himself.
19) 0) text: The Mugger steps out onto the sidewalk and hurries toward the subway. A patch of sleeve soaks up the blood from his eye. Sam starts after the man but instantly freezes. Hordes of people crowd the sidewalk. The crush of humanity is  frightening. Two lovers, holding hands, are coming right him. Before Sam is able to move, we hear the sound of the arms cutting through his ghostly form. Sam tries instinctively to dodge the crowds but people  approach him from all angles. We hear a BABY CARRIAGE roll through Sam's feet and he ne falls over trying to avoid it. His instincts will not let go. A barrage of images and SOUNDS assaults Sam. It is more t he can handle. Still, he refuses to give up. He stays clo to the Mugger.
21) 0) text: The Mugger gets onto a crowded subway car. Sam stands nea corner of the train watching him. Suddenly, Sam notices that something odd is happening. On of the riders at the other end of the car is walking towa him. As he approaches the Mugger, he does not stop, but p right through him. It takes Sam a moment to realize what happening, but then it is too late.
21) 2) text: on Sam's head sticking outside of the car as the subway t rushes past him. There is a panicked look on his face. Th look intensifies as he turns and sees another train barre down on him.
21) 3) text: on Sam's body inside the car still struggling with the Gh as the other train shoots by the window. With a huge gasp Sam shoots back into the car, and wrests himself free of Ghost's hold. The Ghost flies after him, screeching. Sam surges through the door at the end of the train and f himself on the bridge between the subway cars. The subway Ghost stares at him through the window with a wild, insan look.
21) 5) text: With shocking impact, the Ghost's fist goes flying into t window. To Sam's terror and amazement, the window SHATTER The Ghost smiles. Passengers scream and Sam dives for cov Sam stares at the broken glass with fascination and confu Suddenly, the train moves from the darkness of the tunnel into broad daylight.
22) 2) text: Sam sees the Mugger exiting the train and frantically rus after him.
23) 0) text: Sam follows the Mugger down a long covered staircase to t street.
24) 0) text: Sam follows the Mugger into the building and watches as h opens the mail box for APT. 4D. The name scribbled across is WILLIE LOPEZ. There's no mail.
25) 0) text: Sam enters Willie's apartment. It is a squalid affair. Pe paint chips litter the floor. The bed is unmade. Willie pulls open a drawer in a small nightstand and drop in the keys to Molly's loft. Sam sees his wallet. His dri license, bank ID, and a photo of Molly are there, too.  Furious, Sam lunges for Willie but then holds his punch,  knowing it will have no effect. He turns instead to a win and, like the Ghost on the subway, smashes it with his fi Nothing happens.
25) 1) dialog: Damn!
25) 4) text: He hangs up. Sam stares at him in wild confusion.
25) 5) dialog: Get what? Who the hell are you? What  were you doing at Molly's? What the  hell's going on?
25) 6) text: Willie grabs a bottle of wine from the nightstand and lie down. After a moment he reaches over and takes Molly's ph from the drawer. He studies it slowly. Sam stands by the door in a state of motionless rage. The is nothing he can do.
25) 7) dialog: (continuing) Stay away from her!
26) 0) text: Sam storms down the street. His movements seem undirected utterly aimless. He is seething inside. Suddenly Sam looks up. An old BAG LADY is walking down th street talking loudly to a SHORT WOMAN tagging along besi her. As they approach a street pole, the Bag Lady swerves the side. The Short Woman, however, walks right through i Passersby laugh at the Old Lady talking to herself. Sam,  unsettled, rushes away. As Sam rounds a corner, a sudden blast of MUSIC explodes of nowhere. Sam jumps into the street, gasping. A phonogr needle SCRATCHES across a record and the MUSIC STOPS. A  woman's voice booms out:
26) 2) text: to a pair of loudspeakers in a storefront window. The MUS blares out once more and SOUNDS of gospel fill the street Sam looks up. He is back in front of the storefront churc with the sign for SISTER ODA MAE BROWN, MEDIUM, SPIRIT RE ADVISOR, hanging overhead. Below it is another sign. "Con the dearly departed. $20.00". Sam stares at the sign with curiosity. The MUSIC is  compelling. After a moment's hesitation, he goes in the o door.
27) 2) text: MRS. SANTIAGO tucks a Spanish paperback romance into her  purse and heads to a door at the rear of the hall. Sam fo after her.
28) 6) text: She turns back to the closet and opens the door. Like mag ODA MAE BROWN, 41, appears standing inside. She is a blac woman in a white tunic. The whiteness of her garment make it look as if she is glowing in the dark. Mrs. Santiago i wide-eyed. Sam smiles as Oda Mae steps into the room.
28) 19) dialog: Sure lady!
28) 22) text: Sam steps back as the sisters get up and position themsel behind Oda Mae. The moment feels rehearsed, theatrical. O Mae raises her hands into the air and closes her eyes. Th is a hush in the room. Her body begins to tremble. Mrs.  Santiago clutches her chair. Suddenly Oda Mae breaks out her trance.
28) 26) dialog: (sarcastic) Oh my God...
28) 31) dialog: Way to go. Milk her for every penny.
28) 32) text: Oda Mae jumps up and stares at her sisters. They look bac at her curiously. They can't figure out what's wrong. Nei can Oda Mae. Mrs. Santiago reaches into her purse. A twenty dollar bil changes hands. Sam watches, amazed at it all. Oda Mae sit down and goes back into her trance. Her eyeballs roll up  into their sockets.
28) 38) dialog: (scanning the room) Yeah? Where?
28) 47) text: Sam looks on dismayed.
28) 50) text: Mrs. Santiago begins to cry. Sam looks around the room wi growing disgust. Then he leans over to Oda Mae and yells  into her ear.
28) 51) dialog: What a crock of shit!
28) 54) text: Sam is stunned. Clara and Louise look at one another in t confusion. This is obviously not part of the act. Mrs.  Santiago seems frightened.
28) 56) dialog: (looking around) Who?
28) 59) dialog: What's going on?
28) 62) dialog: Who are you talking to?
28) 66) dialog: Are you talking to me?
28) 68) text: Clara just stares at her sister. Sam is excited and amaze
28) 69) dialog: I don't believe this. Hey you. My  name is Sam Wheat. Can you hear me?  Sam Wheat!
28) 71) dialog: Say my name! Sam Wheat! Say it!
28) 74) text: Sam nearly falls on his face. Clara's eyes widen. She is  more confused than ever.
28) 75) dialog: Jesus!
28) 81) dialog: Go away. Hell no. I'm stayin' right  here!
29) 0) text: Beads of sweat collect on Oda Mae's brow and cheeks. She  seems feverish. Clara and Louise are sitting beside her w damp towels nervously soaking up the perspiration. Oda Ma appears to be talking to herself until we PULL BACK and r Sam nearby.
29) 3) dialog: Someone else? Are you outta your  mind?
29) 5) dialog: Not till you help me.
29) 8) dialog: I'm standing right beside you.
29) 10) dialog: What?
29) 13) dialog: Listen, damn it. You can help me.  There's a woman, Molly Jensen. She's  in terrible danger. The man who killed  me broke into our apartment. He's  going to go back. You've gotta warn  her.
29) 15) dialog: She has to! This man's a killer!  He's got a key.
29) 17) dialog: It's just a phone call. You're all  I've got. Lookit. I'm not leavin'  till you help me. I don't sleep  anymore, so I can sit here day and  night. I don't care how long it takes.  I can talk forever.
31) 2) dialog: You gotta go there.
32) 0) text: Sam is sitting on the edge of Oda Mae's bed, singing. It  sounds like he's been singing for hours. He is very hoars
32) 1) dialog: "I'm Henery the Eighth I am / Henery  the Eighth I am, I am / I'm gettin'  married to the widow next door /  She's been married seven times before  / And every one was an Henery /  Wouldn't take a Willie or a Sam /  I'm her eighth old man I'm Henery /  Henery the Eighth I am, I am / Henery  the Eighth I am / Second verse same  as the first / I'm Henery the Eighth  I am..."
34) 0) text: Sam and Oda Mae are sitting at the rear of a crowded bus. She appears to be talking to herself.
35) 2) dialog: Just wait.
35) 4) dialog: Just one more time. Please. It's a  big place.
35) 5) text: Oda Mae turns to leave. Sam, desperate, starts to sing.
35) 6) dialog: (continuing) "Ninety-nine bottles of beer on the  wall, ninety nine bottles of beer,"
37) 2) text: The people turn away. She turns back to the window. Sam  prompts her.
37) 3) dialog: Ask her about the sweater in the  closet, the one she knitted that's  too big.
37) 5) dialog: Four sizes.
37) 7) dialog: She couldn't throw it out. I saw. I  was there.
38) 6) dialog: Tell her she's wrong.
38) 12) dialog: I'm holding her hand.
38) 15) dialog: I'm holding her hand.
38) 17) text: Molly's hand jumps. Oda Mae looks at her. There is a long poignant moment. Sam chokes up.
38) 18) dialog: God, I love her. I love her so much.
38) 21) dialog: (his eyes brightening) Ditto. Tell her "ditto".
39) 0) text: Molly is pressed up against the edge of the couch listeni nervously as Oda Mae speaks. Sam wanders around the room, anxiously.
39) 2) text: They both say "yes" at the same time.
39) 6) dialog: Come on Oda Mae, stop rambling.
39) 9) dialog: I do not have an attitude.
39) 11) dialog: Goddamn it, Oda Mae!
39) 14) dialog: Relax, Oda Mae.
39) 16) dialog: Jesus Christ!
39) 20) dialog: Damn it. All right. I apologize.
39) 21) text: Oda Mae stops, pauses a moment, and walks back to the cou Sam, relieved, paces back and forth. Oda Mae's eyes follow his voice as Molly watches her  curiously.
39) 22) dialog: (continuing) Please, Oda Mae, I need you to tell  Molly what I'm saying. You gotta  tell her word for word.
39) 24) dialog: Molly, you're in danger.
39) 26) text: Molly looks concerned. Sam leans into Oda Mae.
39) 27) dialog: Say it!
39) 30) dialog: I know the man who killed me. Willie  Lopez. I know where he lives.
39) 33) dialog: Write it down.
39) 35) dialog: You do it!
39) 38) dialog: 321 Prospect Place. Apartment 4D.
39) 41) dialog: Molly, he's got my wallet and my  key. He was in here.
39) 44) dialog: (directly to Molly) You have to go to the police. The  Mugger wasn't acting alone. It was a  setup, Moll. I was murdered.
39) 49) dialog: Where you going?
39) 51) text: She lets herself out. Sam just stands there as the door s shut.
40) 0) text: Carl is pacing nervously. He seems very upset. After a mo he approaches Molly. Sam is behind her.
40) 3) dialog: Listen to her, Carl, goddamn it. She  needs some support here.
40) 7) dialog: Come on, Carl. Open your mind.
40) 13) dialog: Give him the address, Moll.
40) 15) text: Sam smiles. Carl stands up. His voice begins to rise.
41) 0) text: Carl, in his red Ford Mustang, is speeding up town. Sam i beside him in the front seat.
42) 0) text: Carl steps into the lobby of Willie's building. Sam follo wide-eyed. He seems both intrigued and astounded by what  Carl is doing. When Carl stops to read the apartment numb on Willie's mail box, Sam is thrilled.
42) 1) dialog: Way to go, Carl!
42) 5) text: Sam freezes as Willie addresses Carl by name. He can bare move.
42) 10) text: Sam is staggered. His body is shaking.
42) 19) text: Willie goes to the desk drawer and takes out Sam's key. S unable to control himself, explodes in a fit of rage. Hau back, he slugs Carl with all his might. His fist has no  impact.
42) 20) dialog: You killed me, Carl. You had me  killed. Look what you've done to me!  Look what you've done!
43) 0) text: Carl is on the street heading back to his car. Sam is bes him, yelling right into his face. He is screaming and cursing at the top of his lungs but C doesn't hear him.
43) 1) dialog: You fucker! You mother fucker! I had  a life, Goddamn you. I had a life!
43) 2) text: From the distance, we see Sam smashing into Carl. It is l hitting the air. For all of his rage and bluster, there i nothing he can do.
47) 0) text: A dresser drawer opens and a box labeled "Sam's Things -- Valuable" is slowly pulled out. A hand reaches inside it extracts Sam's address book. As THE CAMERA PULLS BACK, we see that it is Carl standing in Molly and Sam's livingroo Carl opens the book and quickly jots down a series of cod numbers he finds in the back. His eyes sparkle with  excitement.
50) 0) text: The code from Sam's address book, jotted on a piece of pa is sitting beside Carl.
50) 2) text: Anxiously, Carl punches the code into a computer and,  suddenly, Sam's old accounts appear on the screen. A look relief wafts across Carl's face.
50) 4) text: Carl is staring at the same accounts Sam was examining th afternoon before he was killed, the accounts with too muc money in them. Carl picks up the phone and punches a number. Someone ans
51) 0) text: Molly, in a short terrycloth robe, is sitting in a chair. magazine is on her lap but she is staring vacantly into t loft. She seems lost in the vast space. Sam is pacing bac and forth. There is a melancholy look in his eyes.
51) 1) dialog: Why can't you hear me, Molly? I need  you.
51) 5) text: Sam freezes. Molly is surprised. She hesitates a moment a then pushes the buzzer to let him in. We hear Carl boundi up the stairs.
51) 6) dialog: Don't open it. He's a murderer, Moll!
51) 11) dialog: You were never our friend.
51) 15) dialog: No, Moll. Don't do it. Don't let him  in!
52) 0) text: Carl, in shirt sleeves and Molly in her robe, are sitting the couch drinking coffee. We notice that Carl is wearing yellow suspenders. Sam is beside himself, watching them.
52) 6) text: Sam looks at her, amazed. Carl, on the other hand, stiffe He laughs nervously.
52) 10) dialog: (shocked) Molly, no.
52) 14) text: Sam is devastated.
52) 24) text: Almost imperceptibly, his hand moves down to the nape of neck. As she moves, her robe opens slightly. Carl notices glimpsing her nakedness beneath it. Sam notices, too. He  freezes.
52) 26) text: Molly can barely contain her tears. Carl moves toward her moist cheeks and kisses them gently. Slowly, he guides hi lips to her neck and kisses it, too. It is all hateful an sensual at the same time. Sam turns away. Molly feels Carl's tenderness, needs it. She does not not his hand reaching for the cord on her robe and slowly pul it toward him. With a little tug the cord unravels and th robe falls open. Molly is confused, aroused, not sure wha to do. She starts to pull it closed. He holds her hand. F a moment they do nothing. Then his fingers reach for her  thigh. Her body quivers. Carl feels her openness and pull closer, his hand rising gently up her naked body. Molly's eyes close. She says nothing.
52) 27) dialog: No!!!
52) 29) text: Sam charges wildly at the couch and begins flailing  uncontrollably at the two of them. Unexpectedly his foot  kicks out and hits a framed photograph of him and Molly t sitting on an end table. The picture CRASHES to the floor the glass SHATTERING. Molly jumps up, the mood suddenly broken. She sees the ph and recoils. Carl reaches for her. She backs away. Sam is stunned by what has happened. He jumps up and trie kicking over another picture but nothing moves. His foot  goes right through it. Molly looks at Carl, drying her tears.
52) 34) dialog: NO!!!
53) 0) text: Sam rushes madly down a flight of stairs into a subway  station. A train is just leaving. He jumps on board.
54) 0) text: Sam begins quickly casing the aisles, looking for somethi It is not there. Another train can be seen speeding past window. Sam takes a running leap and jumps onto it, passi through the walls.
54) 3) dialog: disappointed. Suddenly, an express train passes alongside his local. Sam sticks his face inside it. Suddenly, he sm and rushes onto it.
54) 4) text: Sam does not have to stand there long. Within seconds, th terrifying Ghost he had seen before comes charging at him We notice him more clearly now. He is wearing a dark blue pea coat. There is a grizzled look about him. He has stai teeth and seems perpetually unshaven.
54) 6) text: This time Sam does not back away. He holds his ground. Th Ghost lets fire every trick in his arsenal. Posters come  flying off the walls. A bag of groceries topples from a  woman's arms, an old man's cane flies across the aisle, a boy's Mets cap flips off his head. People on the train mo quickly to other cars. Unable to frighten him, the Ghost kicks Sam in the stomac Sam recoils, feeling it, but gets back up again. He is an now. He begins raging at the other Ghost. The Ghost is  shocked.
54) 7) dialog: Teach me how you do that! I want to  learn! I'm not leaving til you teach  me!
54) 10) text: Sam nods in agreement.
54) 14) text: The Ghost demonstrates, kicking a garbage pail onto its s Sam can't quite tell how he did it.
54) 15) dialog: I don't get it.
54) 17) dialog: How do you focus?
54) 21) dialog: I'm angry all the time. It doesn't  do a thing.
54) 23) text: He kicks a Coke can toward Sam. Sam tries to kick it back and misses. The Ghost laughs. Sam gets angry. He tries ag and falls on his head. The Ghost laughs louder. Now Sam i really angry. We see him forcing the anger down into his  stomach. He holds still for a moment and then kicks at th can with all his might. To his shock and amazement, it sa right through the Ghost's head. The Ghost smiles.
54) 24) dialog: I did it!
54) 27) dialog: practicing. He smashes at an abandoned tennis shoe with h fist. Nothing happens.
54) 29) text: Sam's stomach bulges. He tries again. Nothing.
54) 31) text: Undaunted, Sam tries once more. This time the tennis shoe moves. The Ghost nods his head approvingly. Sam is thrill
54) 32) dialog: How long have you been here?
54) 34) dialog: Someone pushed you?
54) 36) dialog: Who?
54) 40) text: He rolls and wallows in terrible frustration, tossing the cigarettes in all directions. Suddenly he looks up and se Sam. He is unable to control his fury.
55) 0) text: Sam, all alone, walks through the station. Suddenly, he  reaches out and pushes a garbage can lid. It swings back forth. He is delighted. A beer can is sitting on a bench. pushes it off, watching it roll across the platform with  childlike glee. Looking up, Sam sees an advertisement for Market Security Bank and Trust. He stares at it with great interest. "Spe Banking for Special People. We make it easy for you."  Something registers in Sam's eyes. He yells and jumps str up, hitting a subway sign with his finger. With great  excitement, he runs for the stairs and rushes from the  station.
56) 1) text: A GROUP OF GHOSTS is milling behind Oda Mae. Sam comes ba into the room and looks at them in amazement.
56) 2) dialog: What the hell?
56) 5) dialog: What is all this? What's goin' on?
56) 8) dialog: Oda Mae. You're doing it. This is  for real. How do you like that?
56) 10) dialog: Come on. Look at this. You're doing  great.
56) 13) dialog: I need your help, Oda Mae. There's  something we need to do.
56) 15) dialog: Give it up? I'm already dead.
56) 17) dialog: And how am I supposed to do that?
56) 26) text: Oda Mae's body goes into bizarre convulsions as the Ghost tries to move inside her. She looks strangely stuffed and enormously uncomfortable. Sam and the others watch in astonishment as she tries to  speak, but nothing comes out. Then suddenly the GHOST speaks through Oda Mae.
56) 45) dialog: That was incredible, Oda Mae.
56) 48) dialog: He spoke through you. It was amazing.
56) 51) dialog: You're great, Oda Mae! You're a real  medium. It's what you were born for.
56) 56) text: Ortisha and her relatives scurry out fast. The ghosts, to begin passing through the wall. Oda Mae lays her head on table. Suddenly her whole body begins heaving. She is sta to cry. Sam is surprised.
56) 57) dialog: Oda Mae, what's wrong?
56) 59) text: Sam hesitates a moment and then respectfully follows the  others through the wall.
57) 23) dialog: Willie!
57) 28) text: With a sudden thrust, Oda Mae sends her foot shooting int Willie's balls. As he recoils she knocks the table into h lap and rushes for the closet. We see her barricade herse in the hidden chamber. Willie, shaking, scrambles to his feet and, before Sam ca stop him, BLASTS his gun at the closet door. It is riddle with bullets. Sam screams out. Willie runs to the side do and escapes to the street. Clara and Louise come rushing Sam charges into the closet and sees that Oda Mae is safe behind the false door. Then he hurries to the street.
58) 0) text: Sam rushes to the sidewalk and looks in all directions. W is nowhere to be seen. He hurries back to Oda Mae.
59) 5) dialog: Oda Mae, we're in trouble...
59) 7) dialog: I can stop them. But I can't do it  alone. You've gotta help me.
59) 9) dialog: You're right. And they'll be back.  I'm your only chance.
59) 11) dialog: I need you Oda Mae. I need you to  get some fake ID's.
59) 13) dialog: Help me now, they'll never bother  you again. I promise.
60) 0) text: Oda Mae, dressed to the hilt, is walking with Sam toward main branch of Market Security Bank &amp; Trust. She seem and upset.
60) 2) dialog: I'll teach you. You'll learn fast.
60) 3) text: As they reach the entrance of the bank, they pass a pair NUNS collecting money to build a shelter for the homeless One of them holds out a collection box. Oda Mae passes he by, carefully avoiding eye contact. INT. MARKET SECURITY BANK &amp; TRUST - DAY Oda Mae enters Sam's bank. She seems completely out of pl Sam, walking beside her, directs her every move.
60) 4) dialog: See where it says "New Accounts"?  That's where you're going.
60) 6) dialog: Just do what I say.
60) 9) dialog: Tell her you're here to fill out a  signature card for a new account.
60) 12) dialog: Yes. 926-31043.
60) 14) dialog: Rita Miller.
60) 17) dialog: Tell her Rita Miller.
60) 20) dialog: Tell her Carl Bruner opened it for  you by phone and asked you to come  in today.
60) 24) dialog: Just sign you name at the bottom on  the first blank line.
60) 25) text: Oda Mae nods and starts to sign "Oda Mae". Sam stops her.
60) 26) dialog: (continuing) No, no, no. Rita Miller.
60) 28) text: Sam hits his forehead with his hand. The Officer gives he another card. Oda Mae signs it.
60) 29) dialog: Tell her to see that it goes right  up to the third floor file since you  have a transaction to make.
61) 6) text: He hangs up. His hand is shaking. INT. MARKET SECURITY BANK &amp; TRUST - DAY Sam and Oda Mae approach a fancy part of the bank housing administrative personnel. They approach a GUARD who is  standing there.
61) 7) dialog: Tell the guard you're here to see  Lyle Furgeson.
61) 11) dialog: Don't say that! Tell him Rita Miller's  here.
61) 14) dialog: Don't embellish.
61) 18) dialog: (whispering) Now listen, this guy Furgeson's a  real jerk.
61) 20) dialog: (he doesn't know) Just be quiet and listen. I've known  him five years and he still thinks  my name's Paul.
61) 22) dialog: (continuing) He's a social moron. You don't have  to worry about anything. Tell the  guard Furgeson knows you. You spent  time with him and his wife Shirley  at the Brewster's Christmas party  last year.
61) 26) text: Sam pokes her. She yelps, surprised, and glances around. Guard gives her an odd look.
61) 29) dialog: This'll be easy. Furgeson was so  drunk at that party, he could have  had a conversation with Tina Turner  and he wouldn't remember.
61) 33) dialog: Ask how Bobby and Snooky are.
61) 38) dialog: Tell him you've been wondering how  they did on the Gibraltar securities.
61) 41) dialog: "We sure did!"
61) 44) dialog: "Good old Randy".
61) 46) dialog: "Her" shoulders.
61) 49) dialog: You're closing an account.
61) 52) dialog: 926-31043.
61) 54) dialog: 31-0-43.
61) 60) dialog: Say "yes"!
61) 65) dialog: A cashier's check! Tell him a  cashier's check.
63) 6) dialog: Sign Rita Miller.
63) 7) text: Sam looks up and gulps. Molly has just entered the bank a is heading toward them. He jumps up nervously.
63) 8) dialog: (continuing) I'll be back in a minute. You're on  your own. Don't say anything foolish.
63) 12) text: Sam rushes over to Molly. He is not sure what to do. He  notices a stack of deposit forms on the counter she is ab to pass. He hurries to it and flicks the entire stack, a  hundred sheets, flying up into the air. Molly, confused,  thinks she is responsible and stoops to pick them up. Sam delighted, flicks another stack. Oda Mae is talking a blue streak when Sam returns to her.
63) 14) dialog: Oda Mae, come on. We gotta get out  of here. Say goodbye.
63) 17) text: Oda Mae smiles and leaves. There is a new lilt in her wal Suddenly Sam looks and sees Molly about to stand up.
63) 18) dialog: Hurry up, Oda Mae.
64) 0) text: Carl, in front of his computer, is going crazy. He keeps  punching buttons on the keyboard but the same response ap over and over on the screen. "RITA MILLER, #926-31043. AC
64) 1) text: Panicked, Carl jumps up. He moves quickly, erratically ar the office and then back to the computer. He punches the  keys over and over. The same answer appears on the screen The account is closed.
64) 11) text: EXT. MARKET SECURITY BANK &amp; TRUST - DAY Sam and Oda Mae are walking down the street in front of t bank. Oda Mae is talking to herself.
64) 13) dialog: Oda Mae. Take the check out of your  purse.
64) 16) dialog: Just do it.
64) 18) dialog: (continuing) Now endorse it. Sign Rita Miller.
64) 20) dialog: Do what I say.
64) 22) dialog: That's blood money, Oda. I was killed  for that money. Endorse it now.
64) 24) dialog: We're giving it away.
64) 26) dialog: Look to your left.
64) 29) dialog: Do what I tell you.
64) 31) dialog: Yes, you can. If you don't do it,  they'll track you down. Your only  protection is to get rid of it, now.
64) 33) dialog: I'm saving you, Oda Mae. You'll go  to heaven for this.
64) 35) dialog: Write "St. Joseph's Shelter".
64) 39) dialog: I'm proud of you.
64) 41) dialog: Come on, we're friends.
64) 43) text: She turns on her high heels and wobbles away. Sam calls a her.
64) 44) dialog: I think you're wonderful, Oda Mae.
65) 0) text: It is after hours. Almost everyone on the floor has gone. Carl, hunched over his computer, is typing furious comman on the keyboard. He looks haggard and worn. Sequence after sequence of coded numbers flash past on th monitor screen. Sam, sitting in a desk chair, watches,  smiling.
65) 1) dialog: Search, you bastard! You'll never  find it. It's gone. (he smiles) They'll kill you for this, Carl. You  and Willie. They'll wipe you off the  face of the earth.
65) 2) text: In a moment of childish delight, he pushes his feet again the wall and the chair shoots across the room. Carl looks and sees an empty chair moving. He stares at it in confus and then goes back to the screen. He seems desperate. Not is working. Panicked and frightened, Carl flicks off the machine and  storms furiously around the room. Sam approaches the comp hesitates a moment, and then pushes the power switch. The computer CLICKS back on. Carl spins around. He stares at computer curiously for a moment and then turns it back of Sam, enjoying this, reaches for the switch and FLICKS it  back on again. Carl stares at it.
65) 6) text: There is no one there. He hears the computer beginning to type again and hurries back to look at the screen. One wo appears. "S-A-M". Carl gasps and smashes the computer with his fist. It cra to the floor. Electrical sparks go flying as Carl gasps f breath. Sam cannot hold himself back any longer. With a horrifyin scream, he charges at Carl, jamming his fist hard into hi ribs.
65) 7) dialog: You bastard! You goddamn bastard!
65) 11) dialog: It's dinner time, Carl. Don't you  have a date with Molly, you creepy  son-of-a bitch?
65) 12) text: Sam keeps hitting deeper into Carl's mid-section. Carl do over as though he's going to throw up.
65) 14) text: Sam is flushed with excitement. Carl kneels beside his de He cannot understand what is happening to him. His face g stark white as the attack continues. Then, unexpectedly, the assault stops. Sam, exhausted, st hatefully at his old friend cowering on the floor. Slowly and dizzily, Carl gets up. He looks fearfully around the  office and then, holding his stomach, hurries from the ro
66) 0) text: Molly, all dressed to go out, is sitting in Sam's easy ch asleep. Suddenly Carl arrives knocking at her door. He do not look well. Sam is with him.
66) 3) dialog: Old Carl had a little trouble at the  office.
66) 8) dialog: He needs to borrow four million  dollars.
66) 13) dialog: Oh shit!
66) 15) text: Sam tenses. He holds up his hand as if wanting her to sto
66) 21) text: Concerned, she hurries from the room. Sam digs his hands  into Carl's back. Carl jerks forward in intense pain and  begins flailing at the air.
67) 0) text: Sam does not go away. Freaked, Carl runs into the kitchen and rushes to the stove. Quickly he turns on the gas. He  looks crazed. Turning to the air, he begins whispering lo
67) 2) text: Sam jabs at the knob on the stove and begins to turn it o Carl sees it move. Shocked and frightened, he grabs it an pulls it off, leaving only the tiny stem in place.
67) 4) text: Sam, frightened, tries with all his might but he cannot t it. Carl pulls out a cigarette lighter and gloats.
67) 6) text: Sam rushes at Carl about to jam his full fist into his ch but then he stops, afraid. He pulls back, shaken. Carl st there waiting for a blow that doesn't come. He begins to  gloat.
67) 8) text: Sam freezes. Molly enters the kitchen. She grabs her nose
68) 0) text: Oda Mae is watching T.V. with Clara and Louise. Suddenly jumps, aware of Sam's presence in the room.
68) 5) dialog: Oda Mae! We're in trouble. They want  the check. They're comin' to kill  you. We gotta get outta here.
70) 1) dialog: It's them.
72) 0) text: Sam steps back from the window.
72) 1) dialog: They're heading for the door.
77) 4) dialog: No they won't. I'm gonna get 'em.
77) 6) dialog: Whataya mean? I'm a ghost, aren't I?
78) 3) text: He rushes back out and down the stairs. Willie stays in t apartment. Suddenly, the doorbell RINGS. Willie rushes ov and opens the door a crack. There is no one there. Confus he backs away. The doorbell rings again. Completely mysti he aims his gun and opens the door all the way. The hallw is empty. As Willie stands there, wondering what is happening, Sam  steps inside and pushes the door closed. It slams shut. W nearly jumps out of his skin.
78) 5) text: He stares at the door in total bewilderment. At that inst a collection of picture frames flies off the breakfront a crashes into his legs. He backs away, spooked. Suddenly, the T.V. flicks ON at full volume and then the  STEREO and the RADIO. Lights begin flashing on and off. W spins around in total dismay. Summoning all of his force, Sam slams into Willie. Willie recoils in unexplainable pain. He seems very disoriented. His gun falls to the floor. He reaches for it and Sam pus it away. Willie jumps up, afraid. His eyes dart around th room. Sam laughs.
78) 7) text: A pair of candle holders shoot off the mantle piece and n hit Willie in the head. He freaks. Grabbing his gun, Will runs into the bathroom and locks the door. Suddenly the h water faucet turns on by itself. Willie is terrified. Steam rises from the sink. Willie tr to get out, but Sam approaches him from behind and appear to dig his hands into his neck. Willie crumples to his kn
80) 0) text: Willie runs from the building and careens down the sidewa People clear a path as he hurls past them like a madman.  Carl, confused, runs after him. Sam, too, races after Willie, unwilling to let him get aw Suddenly, a man obstructs his way. Willie goes flying ove him and lands face down on the cement. Before he can get Sam is all over him and does not let up. People stand bac to watch as Willie does battle with himself. Panicked, he calls out to a bystander.
81) 2) text: Willie's body is crushed instantly between the two vehicl as his spirit is catapulted into the air still screaming writhing. His ghostly form reaches out to people for help they rush past. No one stops. Willie spins around and sees a mangled body crumpled on t street. Suddenly, he recognizes that it is his own dead b lying there. He begins to scream. A bizarre and frightening CLICKING SOUND fills the air. S looks up. A group of strange dark figures has emerged fro the shadows. With a loud, terrifying shriek, the dark forms swoop down and grab hold of Willie. Sam freezes. In an instant they dragging Willie, kicking and screaming, down through the  sewer grates into the bowels of the earth.
81) 3) text: Sam backs against a wall in absolute horror. Carl, standi in the crowd, turns and runs.
82) 0) text: Oda Mae and her sisters are huddling with the old woman i the entryway to her apartment. They all appear frightened The door is opened a crack and they can see people gather in the hall outside. Sam walks up to Oda Mae. She feels his presence.
82) 2) dialog: He's dead, Oda Mae.
82) 4) dialog: No. It's not over, Oda Mae. There's  still Carl.
82) 5) text: Oda Mae freezes. She turns to Sam.
83) 0) text: Sam and Oda Mae are in a taxi speeding downtown.
83) 1) dialog: Tell him to hurry!
83) 4) text: Sam leans forward and pushes at the gas pedal. The cab sh forward. The driver seems shocked.
84) 10) text: We see Sam's inside the room with Molly. He gazes at her  lovingly for a moment and then calls back to Oda Mae.
84) 11) dialog: Tell her she's wearing the blouse I  spilled the Margarita on and the  earrings I gave her for Christmas.
84) 17) dialog: Gimme a penny quick.
84) 19) dialog: Empty your purse. On the floor. Now.
84) 21) dialog: (continuing) Push a penny under the door.
84) 22) text: Oda Mae obeys and a penny slides into the loft. Molly see it. Sam tips it carefully so it lands upright against the bottom of the door. Pushing gently, he moves the penny up the door until it's eye level with Molly. She watches it, amazed. Then, to her astonishment, the penny floats away from the door and hovers in the air. There is a look of wonder in  Molly's eyes as it floats toward her.
84) 23) dialog: (continuing; calling  to Oda Mae) Tell her it's for luck.
85) 7) dialog: I'm sitting beside you.
85) 9) text: Molly reaches out tentatively. Sam meets her hand. She  flinches for a second but does not pull back.
85) 11) dialog: With all my heart.
85) 13) dialog: I'd give anything to be alive again,  just to feel you once more.
85) 18) text: Sam looks oddly at Oda Mae.
85) 23) text: Oda Mae closes her eyes. "Unchained Melody" begins to pla Sam hesitates for a moment and then cautiously, awkwardly slides his ghostly body into her solid form. We sense Oda Mae's discomfort gradually give way as Sam emerges inside her. After a second her body turns slowly toward Molly. Oda Mae's hand reaches out and with slow, deliberate gest touches Molly's hand. Molly swallows hard. She closes her eyes.
85) 25) text: Sam. It is as though he alone is there with Molly. His ey are full of tears. He can barely move. His hand glides sl down Molly's cheek. He seems to be in a state of ecstasy pain. The experience is more than he can bear. He pulls back.
85) 27) text: Molly reaches out, takes Sam's hand, and guides it to her soft lips. Sam can barely breathe. He seems totally absor in the experience, the sensation of human flesh. His eyes are absolutely still and full of light. He seems be glowing. Gently, Molly takes Sam's arm and guides him to his feet. Effortlessly, she draws him to the center of the huge lof With great tenderness, she puts her arms around him and b he knows what is happening, they are dancing. It is a str touching image, reminiscent of their first night in their new home. Sam reaches out and slowly draws his fingers do over her face, caressing her forehead, her cheeks, her li She stands motionless. Her face shines. She knows beyond doubt that it is him.
85) 30) text: A LOUD JARRING SOUND. It takes a moment to realize that i is someone KNOCKING at the door. The light slams back int its shadowy substance and Sam comes shooting back into hi ghostly form. Oda Mae is standing with Molly in the cente of the room. Sam is beside them. He appears shaken and di There is a another loud POUNDING at the door.
85) 32) text: Molly heads for the door. Sam calls out. He can barely sp
85) 33) dialog: No!
85) 35) text: Sam tries to go instead. To his amazement and ours he is  extremely weak, barely able to move.
85) 36) dialog: What's happening to me?
85) 40) dialog: Get out of here! The fire escape.
87) 3) text: Sam, with great effort, rushes at Carl and attacks him wi his fists. To his great shock, he has no impact. Carl wal right through him.
90) 25) text: He aims his gun at her eye and is about to FIRE when,  suddenly, something shoves him to the floor. Carl screams and jumps back, tripping over Oda Mae. Sam is standing th In total panic, Carl scrambles to get up. Horrified, he S his gun blindly into the air. Molly and Oda Mae dive for  cover. The bullets have no impact. Sam musters all his  strength and shoves Carl again. White with fear, Carl gra Molly and aims his gun at her head.
90) 32) text: In a wild explosive fury, Sam charges at Carl and smashes his gun. The weapon flies out of Carl's hand. Empowered b an anger we have not seen before, Sam smashes into Carl w a violent force. Carl's body careens into walls and  floorboards. Wiring snaps. Two-by-fours crack. Carl, crawling desperately to escape, sees his gun on the floor. With a wild rush, he grabs for it and shoots at th door. The lock explodes and the door flies open. Carl tries to run for it, but Sam cuts in front of him. W growing power, Sam sends Carl flying back into the apartm colliding into a tall scaffold. Bags of plaster topple to the ground as mounds of plaster dust hurl into the air. T apartment looks like a scene from another world. Carl, in a state of total unrelieved panic, breaks away f Sam. The dust obscures his escape. Like a trapped insect, scrambles furiously to the fire escape window. Sam cannot see him. Carl shoves at the window. It is stuck. With a supreme ef he grabs a ripped bag of plaster and swings it at the gla Half of its plaster spews across the room before smashing the window. Shards of glass fly in all directions. Sam tu and sees Carl. He surges after him, but knows he cannot g to him in time. Carl is halfway out the window when Sam's fist slams into electrical box attached to a dangling BX cable. It goes f toward the window. To his amazement, it hits the frame. A huge pane of glass dislodges and comes crashing down. Car looks up just in time to see the pointed edge aiming for chest. Before he can move, it pierces him between the rib and slices into his heart. His body quivers. Carl's eyes bulge from their sockets. His body begins to  spasm. He can't get up. A look of abject terror flashes  through his eyes. He tries to scream. There is no sound. tries to breathe. There is no breath.
90) 33) text: With one last effort, Carl lurches forward. To his amazem his body stands up and pulls away from the window. He loo down at his chest and is amazed to see that the glass is  gone. There is no blood. Excited and confused, he turns a and sees Sam. For a moment, he cannot comprehend what is  happening.
90) 36) text: Molly is crouched in the corner, her back pressed tightly against the wall. She is staring into space. The room is  filled with plaster dust. Slowly, emerging from the dust, see Sam approaching Molly. He gazes at her with terrible  longing. Suddenly, a brilliant light glows from behind the ceiling and the skylight floods the room with a golden haze. Sam  turns to look at it. His eyes are full of surprise and wo The spirits beyond the ceiling are beckoning to him. As h looks down, he notices that his hands are growing transpa His body is beginning to fade. A faint smile forms on his face. He leans down toward Molly, staring at her for a lo silent moment.
90) 37) dialog: Goodbye, Moll.
90) 40) dialog: (stunned) Molly?!
90) 42) text: She starts to cry. Gradually, we notice that the dust in the air near Molly beginning to shimmer with a subtle glow. To her astonishm Sam's spirit is reflected in the floating particles.
90) 44) text: Sam's luminous form appears before her. Molly is overwhel by the sight of him. The two of them gaze at one another  without moving. They know it is for the last time. It is silent exchange, charged with emotion. Slowly, the two bodies reach forward. As their lips touch the plaster dust swirls sensuously through Sam's vaporous image and he begins to disappear. Molly pulls back from h as though from a cloud. His voice rises from the mist.
90) 45) dialog: I can't stay anymore.
90) 48) dialog: (smiling) I know. Goodbye, Oda Mae. (with deep felt  gratitude) Thank you. Your mama would be proud.
90) 49) text: Oda Mae smiles warmly. Sam turns to Molly. She is gazing at the last remaining  moments of him. Her eyes brim over with tears and love.
90) 50) dialog: I love you, Molly. I've always loved  you.
90) 53) text: The light inside Sam intensifies. A sweet smile emerges o his lips.
90) 54) dialog: It's so amazing, Moll...
90) 56) dialog: (continuing) The love inside.
90) 58) dialog: (continuing) You take it with you.
90) 61) text: We see Sam's spirit rise from the room. It passes effortl through the ceiling and, in seconds, he is gone. The room grows dark. Molly sits quietly on the floor. There is a look of awe a wonder in her eyes. After a moment, Oda Mae reaches down help her up. Molly looks at her lovingly and then gently  takes her hand. Arm in arm, supporting one another, they  walk quietly from the room.