9) 28) dialog: Your wallet!
24) 0) text: Sam follows the Mugger into the building and watches as h opens the mail box for APT. 4D. The name scribbled across is WILLIE LOPEZ. There's no mail.
25) 0) text: Sam enters Willie's apartment. It is a squalid affair. Pe paint chips litter the floor. The bed is unmade. Willie pulls open a drawer in a small nightstand and drop in the keys to Molly's loft. Sam sees his wallet. His dri license, bank ID, and a photo of Molly are there, too.  Furious, Sam lunges for Willie but then holds his punch,  knowing it will have no effect. He turns instead to a win and, like the Ghost on the subway, smashes it with his fi Nothing happens.
25) 2) text: Willie dials the phone. Someone comes on the line.
25) 3) dialog: She came home. I couldn't get it.  Give me a couple of days. I'll go  back.
25) 6) text: Willie grabs a bottle of wine from the nightstand and lie down. After a moment he reaches over and takes Molly's ph from the drawer. He studies it slowly. Sam stands by the door in a state of motionless rage. The is nothing he can do.
42) 0) text: Carl steps into the lobby of Willie's building. Sam follo wide-eyed. He seems both intrigued and astounded by what  Carl is doing. When Carl stops to read the apartment numb on Willie's mail box, Sam is thrilled.
42) 4) dialog: Carl, what're you doin' here?
42) 5) text: Sam freezes as Willie addresses Carl by name. He can bare move.
42) 7) dialog: Talking to? What the hell do you  mean? What's going on?
42) 9) dialog: What the hell are you talking about?  I haven't said a word.
42) 12) dialog: A lot of women know where I live.
42) 15) dialog: Tell him you only wash dirty money  on the first of the month.
42) 17) dialog: (casually) I did you a favor. Freebee.
42) 19) text: Willie goes to the desk drawer and takes out Sam's key. S unable to control himself, explodes in a fit of rage. Hau back, he slugs Carl with all his might. His fist has no  impact.
46) 0) text: Molly sees Willie's building. She walks into the dank lob It is dark and full of shadows. Leaning close, she examin the mail boxes. Willie's name is there. She backs away,  afraid.
57) 3) text: Willie pushes his way into the room. Clara isn't sure wha to do. Oda Mae looks up. She does not know him.
57) 4) dialog: Are you the one that can talk to the  dead?
57) 6) dialog: I said I need to know if you're the  one.
57) 8) dialog: This is important. I have a friend.  He died recently. Some say he was  mugged. I think he was murdered.
57) 10) dialog: (continuing) I'm told you can contact people like  that. Is that true?
57) 12) dialog: I can't wait til later.
57) 15) dialog: Good question. Why don't you tell  me?
57) 17) dialog: (continuing) You're the psychic, right?
57) 19) dialog: Then what is it, lady?
57) 21) dialog: You're the mindreader. I hear you've  been tellin' people about me for  days. What's my name?
57) 25) text: Willie sits straight up in his chair, amazed.
57) 26) dialog: How'd you know that?
57) 28) text: With a sudden thrust, Oda Mae sends her foot shooting int Willie's balls. As he recoils she knocks the table into h lap and rushes for the closet. We see her barricade herse in the hidden chamber. Willie, shaking, scrambles to his feet and, before Sam ca stop him, BLASTS his gun at the closet door. It is riddle with bullets. Sam screams out. Willie runs to the side do and escapes to the street. Clara and Louise come rushing Sam charges into the closet and sees that Oda Mae is safe behind the false door. Then he hurries to the street.
69) 0) text: A red Mustang SCREECHES to a stop on the street below. Sa and Oda Mae run to the window. Carl and Willie are lookin up.
71) 0) text: Willie and Carl jump out of the car. They head for Oda Ma building.
73) 0) text: Willie forces open a back door. They head into the buildi
75) 0) text: Carl and Willie climb the stairs two at a time.
77) 0) text: just as Willie and Carl emerge from the stairwell. They h down the hall toward Oda Mae's door. Willie pulls out a g and fires. The lock shoots open. They rush inside.
78) 0) text: Willie moves quickly through Oda Mae's apartment, his gun pointed, ready to fire. He seems furious when he realizes one is there.
78) 1) dialog: Looks like someone just left.
78) 3) text: He rushes back out and down the stairs. Willie stays in t apartment. Suddenly, the doorbell RINGS. Willie rushes ov and opens the door a crack. There is no one there. Confus he backs away. The doorbell rings again. Completely mysti he aims his gun and opens the door all the way. The hallw is empty. As Willie stands there, wondering what is happening, Sam  steps inside and pushes the door closed. It slams shut. W nearly jumps out of his skin.
78) 4) dialog: Damn!
78) 5) text: He stares at the door in total bewilderment. At that inst a collection of picture frames flies off the breakfront a crashes into his legs. He backs away, spooked. Suddenly, the T.V. flicks ON at full volume and then the  STEREO and the RADIO. Lights begin flashing on and off. W spins around in total dismay. Summoning all of his force, Sam slams into Willie. Willie recoils in unexplainable pain. He seems very disoriented. His gun falls to the floor. He reaches for it and Sam pus it away. Willie jumps up, afraid. His eyes dart around th room. Sam laughs.
78) 6) dialog: (continuing) Who's there? Who's doing that?
78) 7) text: A pair of candle holders shoot off the mantle piece and n hit Willie in the head. He freaks. Grabbing his gun, Will runs into the bathroom and locks the door. Suddenly the h water faucet turns on by itself. Willie is terrified. Steam rises from the sink. Willie tr to get out, but Sam approaches him from behind and appear to dig his hands into his neck. Willie crumples to his kn
78) 8) dialog: Oh God!
78) 9) text: There is a SQUEAKING SOUND and Willie looks up. Letters a appearing in the fogged mirror. He stares in disbelief as the word "B-O-O!" emerges before him. He cries out.
78) 10) dialog: (continuing) Let me outta here!
78) 11) text: Shaking uncontrollably, Willie FIRES his gun at the mirro Glass and tiles EXPLODE. Willie is cut and bleeding. He g hold of the door and yanks it open.
79) 0) text: Willie rushes to the hallway, charges for the back stairs and stumbles down the three flights to the street. Carl,  running down the corridor, rushes after him. Willie drops his gun. Carl picks it up.
80) 0) text: Willie runs from the building and careens down the sidewa People clear a path as he hurls past them like a madman.  Carl, confused, runs after him. Sam, too, races after Willie, unwilling to let him get aw Suddenly, a man obstructs his way. Willie goes flying ove him and lands face down on the cement. Before he can get Sam is all over him and does not let up. People stand bac to watch as Willie does battle with himself. Panicked, he calls out to a bystander.
80) 1) dialog: Help me!
81) 0) text: Willie, blinded by his own hysteria, runs wildly into the street. Cars are bearing down on him from all directions. does not get out of their way. One driver sees Willie coming and swerves to avoid him. H car skids. Another car brakes to avoid a collision and  suddenly both cars crash right into him.
81) 2) text: Willie's body is crushed instantly between the two vehicl as his spirit is catapulted into the air still screaming writhing. His ghostly form reaches out to people for help they rush past. No one stops. Willie spins around and sees a mangled body crumpled on t street. Suddenly, he recognizes that it is his own dead b lying there. He begins to scream. A bizarre and frightening CLICKING SOUND fills the air. S looks up. A group of strange dark figures has emerged fro the shadows. With a loud, terrifying shriek, the dark forms swoop down and grab hold of Willie. Sam freezes. In an instant they dragging Willie, kicking and screaming, down through the  sewer grates into the bowels of the earth.