23) 0) text: LEWIS HOLDS the clipboard with his front horse hooves.
23) 1) dialog: Well I need to get a job and you're telling me that if I join up - I can really come and go whenever I want?
35) 0) text: LEWIS is now addressing the other students.
35) 1) dialog: Can someone tell me why we're in a tool shed?
35) 5) dialog: So if I had a girlfriend like TERRI, I could like, bring her here, and do stuff?
52) 0) text: In ULTRA-SLOW MOTION, it's ZERO GRAVITY as we TRACK thro see: MARGIE'S UNFAZED, but her dentures FLOAT OUT OF HER MOUTH frozen in a scream, legs in the air. As CARL floats past past LEWIS, CHING CHONG and TURK who are in a jumble of a CARL continues on to HARRY and LLOYD who act as if they a 13, tongue's out both chasing the same FREEZE-DRIED ICE C together almost for a KISS, then grossed out, break apart from their lunch bags is floating around.
91) 0) text: Out in front of this fish-theme restaurant, Lewis - dress pirate's costume, is talking to the owner.
91) 1) dialog: I have a lot of experience wearing mascot suits and I can start most mornings at eleven. Except for Thursdays, when I can start at ten.
91) 3) dialog: Kind of. Not really.
91) 5) dialog: I won't let you down, sir. LEWIS puts on a giant foam pirate head.
92) 0) text: LLOYD walks by the restaurant as Lewis, now in the foam h outside passing out coupons.
92) 1) dialog: Hey, Lloyd. LLOYD stops dead in his track and turns around.
92) 3) dialog: Duh. I'm in your class at school.
92) 5) dialog: I don't know if you'd call us "friends"...
92) 7) dialog: Can you believe it?
92) 9) dialog: What are you talking about? LLOYD exits frame. We hold a beat, as Lewis hands out a f Lloyd comes FLYING through frame, TACKLING Lewis. On the slugs him through the eye-patch in his Pirate head.
114) 0) text: We HEAR THE MARCHING BAND in the distance, as the Special students, Toby, Terri, Carl, Turk, Ching Chong and LEWIS in disbelief.
114) 3) dialog: Sorry I'm late but I woke up tied to the bed and... He see's Washington/Collins eyebrows. LEWIS (cont'd) Hey - that's my hair! Someone cut it while I slept! HARRY and Lloyd ‘act casual’ whistle and look around. The closer in towards the float and we see: Washington's/Coll outstretched hand has been replaced with a pirate's hook the heating duct. There's a large sign that reads, "PRINC and the original treasure chest is now prominently displa the float. The whole thing is attached to Lloyd's waxer w Harry and Lloyd walk to the side of the boat
114) 15) dialog: I never saw that. Why have I been wearing this one with puke in the head?