3) 1) dialog: (chokes up) Senior year. My little boy. Who woulda thunk it? (as he cuts) You're a good kid, Lloyd. I don't say it enough, but I'm proud of you son.
3) 3) dialog: Here's for not crying. RAY hands him a lollipop from the pile of chewed gum. RAY (cont'd) School's gonna open soon. Go get cleaned up.
9) 0) text: LLOYD walks out of the closet wearing an assortment of od RAY exits another classroom at the same time.
9) 1) dialog: (full of pride) You sure are looking sharp there in your back to school outfit. RAY pulls out an old camera from lost and found. RAY (cont'd) Let me take your picture.
9) 3) dialog: But you're already at school! (to himself) We go through this every year. He picks up and eats an old sandwich from the lost and fo
18) 0) text: HARRY and Lloyd, with a TRAY OF FOOD, walk along a bad 70 the PYRAMIDS OF EGYPT.
22) 0) text: CLOSE ON the exact Asian character, it's on a small flyer writing including a header: 'The Goeku School of Fancy Wr WATER SPRAYS into frame and we REVEAL that the flyer is u windshield wiper and we are at a WET T-SHIRT CONTEST/CHEE WASH. A horse runs up, actually a BOY IN A WELL-USED HORSE COST are the horses front legs). He wears a sign that reads "S Stallions Car Wash!" As the cheerleaders wash cars, he lo HARRY, Lloyd, Toby, Turk, Carl and Ching Chong are watchi side.
28) 1) text: "Pop, I'm sleeping at Harry's tonight. Love, Lloyd. P.S. Ketchup". PULL BACK TO REVEAL the note is actually GIGANTIC, as it written on the gymnasium floor in ketchup. The last "u" written in mustard. Ray chuckles and starts mopping, quic he's made a discovery with the ketchup/mustard combo wax.
28) 2) dialog: Huh! Who woulda' thought the combination of these condiments would leave such a shine...
33) 10) dialog: LLOYD, may I see you a minute?
34) 4) dialog: What are you crazy kids doing in my tool shed?
34) 6) dialog: (proudly) My boy's special, well how about that. I knew you were different.
34) 8) dialog: I reckon so. RAY slides out a cracked cinder block and pulls out a cou bottles. RAY (cont'd) (re: bottle) Chateau Lafite Rothchild '61. That's good firewater. HARRY leans over him as he reaches into a WINE BOTTLE rac
60) 0) text: The vending machine is almost completely empty -- except chocolate bars. Snack goods fill the dispenser tray and s the floor around Harry. He reaches in and is out of coins he reaches up into the candy return at the bottom. After the look on his face tells us he's stuck. Maybe forever.
67) 0) text: LLOYD cruises down the sidewalk on Ray's floor waxer. The lever is accidentally activated from the jostling and wa spray out behind him. HEAD ON shot of Lloyd driving down as pedestrians behind him slip and fall on the steaming w