6) 6) dialog: As your mayor, I know it's time to put our sardine canning past behind us. And look to the future: Sardine Tourism! CLOUDY WITH A CHANCE OF MEATBALLS 13. A cheesy graphic: “TOURISM!” over four different crappy shots of town.
6) 7) dialog: That's why without consulting anyone, I spent the entire town budget on the thing that is under this tarp. Which I will be unveiling today at nooon! Featuring a live appearance by Baby Brent himself--! Another cheesy graphic spins at camera: “NOON!”
7) 0) text: Reveal we are watching the Mayor’s commercial on a TV in shop as Flint stacks Baby Brent Sardine cans listlessly. is not wearing his labcoat. There are a couple old-timers (JOE TOWN and RUFUS) in the shop eating sardines, also watching the TV. Flint sighs. “BABY” BRENT enters. Flint’s longtime bully, and the town only celebrity, Brent has let himself go. He’s overweight lazy, and wears a baby blue track suit with “BB” embroide on it. He has a lady on each arm.
8) 0) text: Backstage, the Mayor grabs the chain link fence, tense. Brent sits behind him, eating sardines out of a tin.
8) 1) dialog: This hell hole’s too small for me, Brent. I want to be big. (MORE )
8) 3) dialog: I want people to look at me and say, “That is one big mayor.” That’s why this has to work. It has to work! Otherwise, I’m just a tiny mayor of a tiny town full of tiny sardine-sucking knucklescrapers. Brent’s knuckles are scraping the ground, mouth full of f
8) 5) dialog: Oh, not you, Brent, no. You've always been like a son to me. The Mayor rolls his eyes.
8) 25) dialog: 
8) 26) dialog: And I've arranged for live coverage from a major network and their most experienced professional reporter!
13) 0) text: AT THE POWER STATION, Flint creeps past DANGER! ELECTRICI signs. The Mayor DRONES ON in the background.
13) 1) dialog: Now, when she gets here, I want to see a lot of smiling faces... Flint looks up at the huge, scary electrical tower.
14) 4) dialog: Thank you and welcome national television audience! AT THE POWER STATION, we sees QUICK CUTS of Flint connect lots of jumper cables together on the electrical tower. We PAN UP to the top of the electrical tower over scary zapping coils to find Flint at the very top STRUGGLING to connect one last cable -- and he’s ELECTROCUTED and falls the ground.
14) 7) dialog: 
14) 8) dialog: And now, here to cut the ceremonial ribbon, Swallow Falls’ favorite son, Baby Brent! Brent walks on stage from behind a curtain and RIPS OFF h tracksuit, revealing a DIAPER. MAYOR (CONT’D) He’s still got it, folks!
14) 13) dialog: So here it is, the attraction the whole world has been waiting for-- SardineLand! Brent cuts the ribbon with the giant scissors and the tar falls, revealing a small Sea World-like THEME PARK. Applause. ON THE ATTRACTIONS as each tarp falls. MAYOR (CONT’D) With rides! And exhibits! And featuring Shamo! The world’s largest sardine, and his flaming hoop of glory! Amid a few rides and booths is SHAMO, a TINY FISH in a VE LARGE BOWL, with a ring of fire to jump through. Shamo do not look excited about the ring of fire. MAYOR (CONT’D) Those of you in the Splash Zone, look out! ON JOE TOWNE in the front row of the bleachers, where ONE SEAT is marked “SPLASH ZONE.”
16) 5) dialog: Aaaaggh! ON SHAMO, screaming inside the bowl. ON THE CROWD, fleeing. ON BRENT, running with the giant ceremonial scissors. CLOUDY WITH A CHANCE OF MEATBALLS 23.
17) 29) dialog: 
20) 4) dialog: This is gonna be big! The mayor shoves three burgers into his mouth. A crowd gathers to watch Sam’s report as they eat.
20) 10) dialog: Food weather.
20) 12) dialog: This could be even bigger than Sardine Land.
27) 1) text: Joe Towne leaves the tackle shop to catch SUNNY SIDE UP E A woman catches PANCAKES on a plate while she drives to w CLOUDY WITH A CHANCE OF MEATBALLS 38. A little girl tilts orange juice caught in an upside-down umbrella into the mouth of a gurgling little boy. The Mayor rips open a storm drain on the side of a buildi and bacon pours into his mouth. Ratbirds snack on breakfast foods on a powerline. Flint watches happy breakfast eaters. The mayor walks up, covered in bacon.
27) 2) dialog: Flint, my boy, can you do lunch?
28) 0) text: It’s raining sandwiches. The Mayor is eating and pacing. Brent holds up flashcards to illustrate the Mayor’s point kind of like Bob Dylan, but not really.
28) 1) dialog: Alright, here’s the skinny. You keep making it rain the snackadoos, weathergirl provides free advertising, I have taken out a very high interest loan to convert this po-dunk town into a tourist foodtopia. All you have to do is make it rain food three meals a day, every day, for the forseeable future, and in thirty days, we hold a grand reopening of the island as a must-see cruise destination, and everyone everywhere is going to love your invention. He has a flashcard of people hugging a stick-figure Flint has a big smile and hearts all around him.
28) 3) dialog: (MOUTH FULL) I know so. INT. FLINT’S LAB - DAY Flint types the menu into his computer and SLAPS the butt CLOUDY WITH A CHANCE OF MEATBALLS 39.
29) 2) text: The Mayor munches on a ham hock as he points offscreen. The “FALLS” in the “SWALLOW FALLS” sign on the cannery is detonated and replaced so that it now reads “CHEWANDSWALL The buildings get facelifts: “Gas Station” becomes “Anti- Tablets.” Stores become “Nothing but Floss,” “Bibs.”
31) 14) dialog: A pizza, stuffed inside a turkey, the whole thing deep fried and dipped in chocolate. (BEAT) It’s me, the Mayor.
31) 16) dialog: Yes, I did. Thank you for noticing. The music comes back in. ON FLINT TYPING. ON MORE FOOD FALLING. The Foodster RATTLES and SHAKES with overuse.
45) 6) dialog: I do... declare these hot dogs to be delicious! The Mayor, now GROTESQUELY FAT, riding in from the shadow a RASCAL SCOOTER and munching on a HOT DOG piled with FOO
45) 10) dialog: Tomorrow’s the big day, Flint. The entire town’s fate is resting on your food-weather! I’m thinking pasta. Some light apps. I know you won’t let us down. He wheels back into the shadows, still staring at him.
45) 12) dialog: What? CLOUDY WITH A CHANCE OF MEATBALLS 60. Flint leads the mayor over to the scanner, and pulls up a display on the computer monitor.
45) 15) dialog: Here’s what I heard: blah blah blah, science science science bigger. And bigger is better. Everyone’s gonna love these new portion sizes. He shoves the entire hot dog in his mouth and swallows it
45) 16) dialog: (MOUTH FULL) I know I do. Flint looks over to the button, unsure.
45) 18) dialog: Geniuses like us are never understood by their fathers, Flint.
45) 20) dialog: Who needs the approval of one family member when you can have it from millions of acquaintances? (MORE )
45) 22) dialog: Not to mention that little cutlet Sam Sparks... and me? I’ve always felt you were like a son to me, Flint. And I’m going to be so proud of you tomorrow when you cut that ribbon, save the town, and prove to everybody what a great inventor you are. So here’s the cheese: You can keep it going, get everything you’ve ever wanted, and be the great man I know you can be. Or, you can turn it off, ruin everything, and no one will ever like you. It’s your choice... Tight on Flint’s eyes thinks about this. The word ‘choice echoes in his mind -- except not really, as we reveal: MAYOR (CONT’D) (WHISPERING) Choice, choice, choice... Then--
45) 25) dialog: Oh yeah. Flint SLAPS the BUTTON. BOOM! We go from the SATELLITE DI up to the--
49) 0) text: The mayor rolls up to the stage.
49) 1) dialog: Who's hungry?! Welcome, tourists, to Chewandswallow!
49) 4) dialog: Delight in our Nacho Cheese Hotsprings! Allow your kids to eat all the junk food they want in our completely unsupervised Kidz Zone! Cal is among the kids playing in piles of junkfood.
49) 6) dialog: And when the fun is done, gaze upon the sunset cresting over Mount Leftovers! From which we're protected by a presumably indestructible dam! Outtasighters launch leftovers onto an ever-growing mound behind the dam. MAYOR (CONT’D) We've got people here today from all around the world. From as far as China to West Virginia. Also, I think there’s some Canadians here... BACKSTAGE ON FLINT, looking around through the enormous curtain of himself. Flint nervously slicks down his hair. He wears a tuxedo t-shirt. Sam approaches.
49) 17) dialog: And without further ado, our town’s hero, and my metaphorical son, Flint Lockwood! Flint runs out to grand APPLAUSE. He soaks it in.
49) 20) dialog: Brent, we’re gonna need you to hand over the ceremonial scissors. ON BRENT, who can’t believe it.
49) 27) dialog: (WHISPERS) Go ahead, Flint. Everybody loves you. The crowd ROARS! The Nacho Cheese Hotsprings shoot Bellag style cheese fountains! Behind him, the Mayor slips away.
54) 13) dialog: I’ve been up here ordering up dinner for the last ten minutes. Why? Is something going on?
54) 15) dialog: Oh, it can’t be that bad. CLOUDY WITH A CHANCE OF MEATBALLS 69. The Mayor hits the big red “SEND” button.
54) 17) dialog: Well, I’m outta here.
54) 20) dialog: I’m back! .-+-but the Mayor chokes him with a jumbo JUMBO PRAWN, dragging him away.
54) 22) dialog: 
54) 25) dialog: Hey, Flint! It’s been nice to beet you! The Mayor tosses a big RADISH at Flint.
54) 29) dialog: A Vegas-style all-you-can-eat buffet? They all stare up at the monitor. Oh no.
60) 5) dialog: This is all his fault! Get him!
70) 0) text: Everyone runs out of the pancake, holding the boats over their heads. They dodge enormous food. As the first boat arrives at the docks, the Mayor arrives from out of nowhere and PLOWS through the crowd.
70) 1) dialog: Wait, wait! I have an important announcement. (BEAT) See ya, suckers! CLOUDY WITH A CHANCE OF MEATBALLS 86. He steals the first bread boat and shoves off. MAYOR (0.S.) (CONT’D) Bon voyage... and bon appetit! He chows down on his own bread boat as he sails away. Everyone on the docks is mad. Meanwhile, Earl, Regina and Cal run with their boat, but loses his grip and falls.
86) 0) text: The Mayor bobs on what’s left of his mostly-eaten boat, completely alone in the open ocean...
86) 1) dialog: This was not well thought out. He takes another bite, resigned.