6) 29) text: Thousands of sleepers in their glass tubes. Jim walks amo them, looking at their faces. Suddenly he stops, staring. Inside a pod, a woman stands sleeping. This is AURORA DUNN. A breathtaking beauty.
6) 31) text: He moves on, browsing people. Stops. Backtracks. He stand front of Aurora, looking in through the glass. He glances at her data screen again.
7) 0) text: A workstation. Jim types "Aurora Dunn" into a search engi It returns a list of New Yorker articles. Some titles: 
11) 0) text: Jim stands looking at Aurora: a bearded pilgrim in a holy place.
12) 10) text: Aurora's pod hums. Medical data flows across its screen. vital signs re-start. Her pale skin flushes with color. Jim beats a retreat.  AURORA'S POD
12) 11) text: Aurora's perfect lips part. She takes a shallow breath - then a deep one. Her chest rises and falls. Her thighs shift as she bends her knees. The sensors on h body drop off and withdraw into the pod. She opens her eyes. They're beautiful. Her pod's backrest flexes, scooping up her knees as it becomes a seat. A video screen drops in front of her.
12) 17) text: Woozy, Aurora sees the other passengers still asleep.
12) 27) text: Aurora slaps the display off. Goes to the phone. A touch of her finger brings up the ship's telephone directory. Aurora selects "Information."
12) 34) dialog: Hello?
12) 35) text: Jim rushes to the railing. Below on the Grand Concourse, Aurora is turning in circles, looking up at the balconies
12) 40) text: Aurora spins. Spots him.
12) 45) text: Jim runs down six flights of stairs, his heart in his thr He reaches the Grand Concourse out of breath. He stops a paces away, just looking at Aurora, getting his wind back
12) 50) text: Jim's lips move as she speaks her name, almost saying it her. Aurora. She doesn't pick up on it.
12) 56) text: Aurora stares at him.
12) 65) text: Jim and Aurora ride upward. She looks out into the atrium watching the floors go by.
12) 71) text: Aurora's eyes, wide and staring. Her face a mask of horro In front of them hangs the starship's progress indicator the Excelsior hanging between Earth and Homestead II. Thi one years elapsed; Eighty-nine years to go.
12) 75) text: Aurora stares at Jim.
12) 77) text: Jim and Aurora walk down a row of hibernation pods.
12) 90) text: Aurora covers her mouth. Her eyes full of horror.
12) 93) text: Aurora runs down a row of hibernation pods, her eyes searching wildly among the glass tubes. She turns a corne Hesitates. Runs down another row. She's fighting tears. She puts on speed. Her sash unknots itself and her robe billows behind her. 
12) 110) text: Aurora's mouth goes dry. She swallows hard.
12) 117) text: They search the Comm Center and find a map table showing Excelsior's position relative to the Occupied Worlds. Aurora fiddles with the controls. Interstellar flight pla appear: a spiderweb of starship tracks between the worlds
12) 128) text: Jim and Aurora deflate visibly.
12) 166) text: Jim appears behind Aurora.
12) 169) text: Jim watches in astonishment as Aurora blithely orders the snacks that the machines deny him. The Mocha Cappuccino Extreme. The French Breakfast Puff. The Gourmet Fruit Sal They sit. Aurora eyes Jim's tray.
12) 181) dialog: Could we wake them up if we got in there?
12) 184) dialog: Maybe there's another way to go to sleep. Did you check out the infirmary?
12) 186) dialog: Did you look for ways of going to sleep?
12) 188) dialog: Well, Jim!
12) 190) dialog: You don't know until you look. What about cargo? Maybe there's a hibernation machine in the hold.
12) 192) dialog: You don't know that! We have to think big here. Maybe we can build our own hibernation machine.
12) 194) dialog: You're not even trying!
12) 245) text: Empty glasses show that Jim and Aurora have been doing yeoman's work at the bar. Both are tipsy and laughing.
12) 266) text: Aurora drags Jim in and punches the button.
12) 271) text: Aurora drags Jim out of the elevator. Looks around.
12) 286) text: A clean page opens on the slate. The title in the corner: Voyage." As Aurora speaks, the page fills with words.
12) 289) dialog: I've been awake on this ship for seven days, awake far too soon...
12) 291) dialog: ...and I might spend the rest of my life here...
12) 292) text: Running along a promenade, Aurora reaches the forward end the ship. Dead end again.
12) 293) dialog: ...in a little steel world five hundred meters long.  GRAND CONCOURSE
12) 294) text: Jim sits at a table, a technical manual open in front of He looks up. Watches Aurora jog around the atrium and van
12) 295) dialog: I'm not alone. Another passenger shares my fate. A mechanic named Jim Preston. 
12) 298) dialog: The other passengers will sleep for another ninety years.
13) 0) text: Aurora swims, a slender shape moving on the water's surfa We pull out, the ship dwindling, the blue window receding
13) 1) dialog: By the time they wake, Jim and I will have lived, grown old and died. 
14) 0) text: Back on Aurora in her armchair, writing.
14) 25) text: Nothing there for Aurora to scoff at. She looks impressed
14) 30) text: Jim and Aurora walk down an aisle of hibernation pods.
14) 42) text: Aurora studies the sleeper: a barrel-chested man of 50 wi gray temples and a jutting jaw.
14) 47) text: Aurora peers: a birdlike young woman with long red hair.
14) 64) text: Jim looks at Aurora seriously.
14) 84) text: Next to Jim's favorite seat there's a cluster of machines with power cables and hoses running to them. Jim and Aurora sit. A screen beside Jim lists movies.
14) 86) text: He taps a button on another machine, which produces a buc of hot popcorn. He offers Aurora some.
14) 88) text: Aurora grins and takes some.
14) 105) text: A mechanical whir distracts her. She looks down. Jim's pet robot looks up at her with binocular eyes. It carries a note in a clip on its back. Aurora pulls it fre A handwritten invitation from Jim. It reads:  Come to dinner with me tonight? 
14) 119) text: In the corridor stands a cargo robot to which Jim has attached an upholstered loveseat. He helps Aurora aboard takes a seat beside her. She's charmed.
14) 122) text: The robot zooms off to the sound of Aurora's laughter. 
14) 151) text: They sit at the best table. Robots attend to their every need. The blue stars frame Jim's head; the pink, Aurora's Beautiful dishes arrive: new wines with every course.
14) 158) text: She pulls him to the photo booth. They tumble inside. As strobe flashes, she kisses him hard. Outside, the photo strip drops into the tray: four color pictures. In the first they laugh; in the second they clo in the third, they kiss. In the last image, Aurora smiles the camera; Jim looks at Aurora. Aurora taps the pictures: they start to move: each is a o second movie clip. The pictures laugh, and clown, and kis 
14) 164) text: He turns back. Aurora grabs him and drags him into her ca
14) 172) text: Jim and Aurora lie in Jim's imperial bed, glistening with sweat and breathing hard. She lays her head on his should her eyes far away and wistful.
15) 0) text: Through the window, Jim and Aurora lie together in the luxurious bed. We pull out, the window dwindling, as the Excelsior soars away from us into the stars.
15) 13) dialog: Some never returned, but others found land, and prospered. What drove them out onto the sea? Curiosity? Tradition? The wish for something better?
15) 15) dialog: The urge to move is as primal as hunger or thirst. We run, we drive, we sail, we fly.
15) 21) text: Aurora's slate has recorded this exchange: she erases the extra words with her fingertip.
15) 24) dialog: Like seeds, we carry what we need. The wind drives us - whether the trade winds, the solar winds, or the winds of chance.
15) 26) dialog: We take root where we fall. And helplessly we grow. 
15) 30) text: Hastily Aurora replaces the manual. Closes the closet. Jim appears in the doorway: tool belt over his shoulder, duffel bag in hand.
15) 42) text: Jim unzips his duffel bag and takes out a bouquet of long stemmed roses. Aurora gasps. Reaches out to touch them.
15) 45) text: Aurora leaps into action. She finds scissors, a pitcher. the sink she trims the stems, arranges the flowers.
16) 0) text: Jim and Aurora sprint down the hall, cabin doors flashing Jim's practically dragging her along. A deep background RUMBLE.
16) 2) text: Jim and Aurora run up the stairs onto the highest promena on the ship: glass all around, skylight above. The deep RUMBLE is louder. A bloody light fills the sky. A STAR looms ahead of the ship: a RED GIANT. The Excelsio rockets toward the star. The passage takes less than a minute. The Red Giant swell the windows. The ship shudders. The engines howl. Aurora falls into Jim's arms. The ship bathed in red light. The star fills the skylight, fills the sky itself. A fier surface turbulent with sunspots and mysterious currents. engines howl. And then they're past. The star recedes, dwindling as qui as it grew. The engines quiet. The ship's calm restored.
16) 13) text: Aurora sits bathed in candlelight, and for this moment sh truly and fundamentally happy. She blows the candles out. 
16) 28) text: Aurora frowns, processing this sentence - her smile fadin
16) 31) text: Aurora scowls at Arthur, trying to get her bearings.
16) 34) text: Aurora eyes widen in shock.
16) 38) text: Aurora stops breathing. She stares at the bartop. Jim strolls up to the bar. His hand slides into the jacke pocket where the ring lies hidden. But Aurora's body language is all wrong. He stops, perple
16) 42) text: Jim's hand slides out of his jacket pocket. He shoots a l at Arthur, who smiles back, oblivious. Aurora's eyes bore into him. Finally Jim finds his voice.
16) 76) text: But Aurora's already walking away. 
16) 85) text: Aurora swims. Reaches the end of a lap and rests. She looks up abruptly as if she senses someone watching h but the balcony above the pool is deserted. 
16) 87) text: Aurora looms close. She holds the note up to the robot's and crumples it up.
16) 92) text: Aurora circles the atrium. OVER THE P.A. SYSTEM: Jim clears his throat.
16) 94) text: Aurora stops in surprise, looking up.
16) 96) text: Aurora rolls her eyes and resumes running. 
16) 104) text: Aurora skids to a stop beside a Deck Steward's station. She leans over the counter, finds an intercom terminal an grabs the microphone. A whine of feedback. She looks into lens of the nearest security camera.
16) 108) dialog: You may be the only game in town, Jim, but that doesn't mean I have to play. Just pretend I'm not here. Because as far as you're concerned, I'm not. 
16) 112) dialog: Jim, you lost me.
16) 124) dialog: I think the secret to survival is productive activity. 
16) 126) dialog: We need to be good for something. 
16) 129) dialog: A challenge equal to our character.
16) 132) dialog: Something worth doing. 
17) 9) text: Aurora leaves. Jim takes a seat.
17) 18) text: Around the corner, out of sight, Aurora stands listening.
17) 49) text: Jim kneels on the Grand Concourse. He's torn a huge hole the carpet to expose the deck plates beneath. With his laser cutter he cuts a large rectangular hole. P the plate up with a crowbar, opening a cavity in the deck  AURORA'S CABIN
17) 50) text: Aurora paces in her bathrobe, hair wrapped in a towel. She looks at her gallery of snapshots. Touches the pictur one by one. The faces begin to move and speak. A cacophon good wishes. Laughter and cheers. Finally only one clip still plays. Aurora's mother.
17) 52) text: Aurora watches, devastated.
17) 62) text: Aurora walks wonderingly up to a GARDEN on the Concourse: ten-foot OAK TREE surrounded by flowerbeds and green gras 
19) 0) text: A dark room. In the light of a utility lamp, Jim re-attac a control panel to the cabin wall. Aurora watches.
19) 4) text: Aurora gives him a brittle smile and sits on the bed.
19) 14) text: Aurora bolts to her feet, wide-eyed. 
19) 22) text: GUS MANCUSO stands at a deck steward's station, intercom in hand. A stocky man of 55, with a bristling mustache, wearing a crewman's coverall. Haggard and weary. He stare consternation at the garden in the middle of the Concours Running footsteps. Jim and Aurora race into the Concourse from opposite directions. They see Gus and stop, astonished.
19) 34) text: Jim, Aurora, and Gus sit around a table. Gus leans heavil his elbows, sipping from a mug.
19) 45) text: Aurora shoots Jim a look. Gus doesn't notice.
19) 47) text: Gus leads Jim and Aurora to the Bridge's armored hatch. H swipes his crew card and the door opens.
19) 84) text: Jim and Aurora smile.
19) 87) text: Gus waves and walks off. That leaves Jim and Aurora sitti awkwardly on the same side of a diner booth. After a moment Aurora moves over to the other side. Looks Jim across the table.
19) 90) text: Aurora stares, caught off guard. She gets up.
19) 98) text: Gus and Aurora stand waiting as if for a bus.
19) 108) text: Jim puts the pedal down. The cart lays rubber on the deck plates and shoots down the aisle while Aurora and Gus yel  SHIP'S STORES
19) 109) text: Up on a hydraulic lift, Gus digs components out of storag Hands them to Aurora, who hands them to Jim, who loads th into the cart.
19) 111) text: Gus works on the Diagnostic Computer while Jim looks on. Nearby, Aurora thumbs through Gus's technical manuals. Gus clamps a final component in place and nods at Jim.
19) 135) text: Jim and Aurora exchange glances.
19) 164) text: Aurora's chin begins to tremble.
19) 173) text: Aurora looks hard at Gus, thinking, and says nothing. 
19) 189) text: Gus pushes himself off his stool. Momentarily shaky, he p himself together. He takes a seat at the grand piano and plays - a fine beerhall pianist. Gus touches a switch and lifts his hand the piano keeps playing. Gus stands and extends a hand to Aurora. She takes it, an Gus sweeps her across the floor. Jim watches from the bar.
19) 192) text: Aurora follows Gus's lead - but steals looks at Jim. Her unreadable. They watch each other as the dance goes on. 
19) 197) text: Gus lies feverish and semi-conscious in his bed. A THUNK! The door slides open. Jim and Aurora rush in.
19) 200) text: Gus lies in a medical scanner. Jim and Aurora watch as th machine bathes Gus in light, sensors floating over his bo
19) 220) text: Pill bottles clatter into a metal bin. Aurora scoops them Jim goes after Gus.  CORRIDOR
19) 226) text: Aurora stumbles into the hall, her hands full of pill bottles. She and Jim watch the cart recede. 
19) 229) text: Aurora flips on the intercom, speaks into the mic. Her vo resonates through the ship.
19) 247) text: He sips his wine. Jim and Aurora watch with concern.
19) 258) text: Jim and Aurora laugh. But pain contorts Gus's face. He gr the table with white knuckles. And nobody's laughing anym
19) 271) text: Gus extends a hand to Aurora. She throws her arms around
19) 282) text: Aurora covers her mouth. Jim raises a hand in stunned farewell. The airlock door closes. Red lights flash. Through the porthole they see Gus look out into space. Then the outer door slams open and a blast of air shoots out among the stars. His body lost in the infinite night. Aurora steps into Jim's arms. Lays her head on his chest. a moment he holds her. Then she pushes him gently back. M his eyes sadly.
20) 9) text: Aurora goes to the worktable: its surface displays the diagnostic report. Thousands of faults and failures.
20) 17) text: Aurora brings up a map of the ship on the display. Red markers blink on the map.
20) 21) text: Jim wears his tool belt. Aurora carries a flashlight. Eac them carries one of Gus's manuals. Jim swipes Gus's crew card and the hatch opens. They go i 
20) 28) text: Banks of control panels - but Jim and Aurora have eyes on for the windows into the reactor's heart. Inside the reactor is a caged sun: an orb of fire hanging space. Loops and tongues of flame leap from its surface. It roars like a forest fire.
20) 34) text: Aurora watches Jim as he walks among the consoles, studyi the instruments.
20) 44) text: The light flashes green. The door begins to slide open. A HOWLING WIND sucks Aurora against the crack in the door She screams. Jim grabs at her. A hurricane drags her insi 
20) 47) text: There's a RAGGED HOLE punched in the hull. Outside, stars burn in the vacuum of space. A tornado of escaping air screams out through the hole. Red lights flash. Claxons sound. The door begins to close Jim pulls a HAMMER from his belt and jams it crossways in doorway, propping open the door. The door's motors whine. Jim dives inside. Skids to a stop beside Aurora. Pulls he loose from the column and shoves her toward the door, fighting the wind. Aurora scrambles through the doorway. Jim tries to follow but the hammer suddenly bends and springs out of the door The door slams: Aurora outside, Jim in the airless room. The last of the atmosphere flashes away into space. Aurora screams and pounds on the other side of the door. Jim hears only his own thudding heartbeat. The last air leaves Jim's lungs in a silent shout, vapor whipping away between his teeth. He spins. Scans the room desperately. 
20) 64) text: Jim hauls himself to his feet, leaning on Aurora. He approaches the blasted computer. Reaches into the hole. Strains. A CREAK...and Jim pulls a melon-sized METEOR fro the crater. An orb of pitted metal. 
20) 105) dialog: Jim!
20) 106) text: In the middle of the atrium, Aurora drifts mid-air, far f any handhold. She wears a damp shirt over her bathing sui
20) 112) text: Aurora hadn't thought of that. She looks down fearfully. Jim swings over the railing. Braces his feet. Takes aim.
20) 133) text: Aurora holds the computer in place, gripping two handhold her shoulder planted against the machine.
20) 138) text: The ship shudders violently, throwing them from side to s Jim forces one cable after another into their sockets. Aurora tires: the computer slides out of place.
22) 0) text: Floating, Jim and Aurora stare at each other in the dark.
22) 3) text: The core computer flashes to life. The lights come back o So does the gravity. Jim and Aurora slam to the floor. In away, the old computer plunges down and embeds itself in deck. Across the room the golf cart bounces on its tires. 
23) 8) text: Aurora slides her arm around his waist. BOOM-CHAK...BOOM-CHAK...
23) 10) text: Aurora stiffens, looking over his shoulder. Outside the window, a hibernation pod spins into view. A woman inside
23) 13) text: Jim and Aurora sprint into the facility. The sound is lou here: BOOM-CHAK...BOOM-CHAK... It's the sound of hibernation pods being ejected. The wav ejections marches down an aisle: one pod after another disappearing into the ceiling. Jim rushes to a CONSOLE. Scans the display.
25) 0) text: Jim slides to a halt in front of a hibernation pod. Pulls power driver from his belt and removes the cover panel. Aurora arrives on his heels. Watches as he works. An ominous sound approaches. BOOM-CHAK...BOOM-CHAK... The wave of ejections advances down their row.
27) 0) text: Jim slams into the facility at a dead run. Scans the crew hibernation pods. Picks one and goes to work. Aurora enters. Looks at the man inside the hibernation po stern fellow with a bristling gray beard.
27) 11) text: The hibernation pod hums to life. Inside, the Captain opens his eyes. He stares in astonish at the first thing he sees: Aurora, in her bathing suit a shirt, a disheveled angel.
29) 0) text: Jim stands at the Diagnostic Computer. The indicator ligh panel is a sea of green. Only a few red lights remain. Aurora enters.
29) 11) text: Jim reaches out and takes her hand. She watches him intertwine his fingers with hers. Aurora gazes out at the stars - the endless shining sky t enfolds them. She looks at Jim and smiles.
30) 0) text: The airlock opens with a gust of air. Jim emerges in a sp suit - followed by Aurora. 
32) 0) text: Transformed by the wear and tear of a century's habitatio Paths worn into floors, furniture repaired or re-purposed We move past vegetable gardens. Battered sweeper robots w the plantings. Window-washers till the soil. The OAK TREE towers a hundred feet tall over the Concours Its branches brush the skylight far above. We move past walls decorated with murals and carvings. At the Concourse Bar, Arthur is slicing vegetables. His timeworn uniform mended by hand. At the aft end of the Concourse, a high wall. Here a long list of dates is inscribed. The last date is the ship's landfall on Homestead II; the first, Jim's awakening. In between: an accelerating tally of births, deaths, marriag catastrophes and achievements...a century of shipboard li At the base of the wall we find a table like an altar, wh a collection of artifacts is displayed: The meteor pried from the Excelsior's heart. Gus's worn shipcard, his picture still visible. A beautiful hand-bound book. In the Blink of an Eye: Our Lives Between the Stars, by Aurora Dunn. Beneath these printed words, a handwritten dedication: For Jim. In the center of it all, in the place of honor: the photo strip of Jim and Aurora from their first date. They laugh. They clown. She kisses him. Aurora looks into the camera's eye. Jim looks at Aurora.