2) 18) text: She makes it sound sexy. Jim scowls and rubs his eyes. ONSCREEN - An animation. Happy people go to sleep in glas tubes in a hospital. The tubes are loaded onto a spaceshi
2) 30) text: Pills rattle into a dish; a glass of pink juice appears. takes his pills and gulps his juice with a grimace. Jim's backrest eases him onto his feet. A drawer pops ope revealing a Homestead Company bathrobe and slippers.
2) 35) text: The pod produces Jim's shipcard: a plastic ID card on a lanyard. He hangs it around his neck.
2) 39) text: Jim steps out of his pod into the corridor. All the other pods are closed, the people inside asleep. look of concern crosses Jim's face.
2) 45) text: Jim finds a bank of elevators. As he approaches, the indicators blink on. An elevator opens, spilling light. He steps inside, and muzak begins to play.  DECK SEVEN
2) 46) text: A corridor lined with doors. A CLEANING ROBOT vacuums. Jim appears. Instantly the corridor lights brighten. The cleaning robot rolls past Jim.
2) 50) text: Jim follows wall markings to his cabin. Lets himself in.  JIM'S CABIN
2) 54) text: Jim doesn't pay attention. Pokes around, opening drawers.
2) 56) text: Jim peers into the tiny bathroom. There's a little video screen, and the presentation's running there too.
2) 58) text: ONSCREEN: "Learning Group 38." The DOORBELL rings. Jim opens the door eagerly - and deflates. No one there. He looks down. A waist-high CARGO ROBOT peers up at him w goggle eyes. It carries two suitcases and a duffel bag.
2) 62) text: Jim swipes his shipcard through a slot on top of the robo The robot scoots inside and deposits Jim's bags on the fl
2) 66) text: The robot zips out the door. Jim looks up and down the corridor. The receding robot is only sign of life. He steps back inside.
2) 72) text: Jim looks around. He's the only one there. He sits.
2) 95) text: Jim finds an INFOMAT - an information kiosk. A banner scr across the screen: ASK ME A QUESTION! Jim taps the screen
2) 108) text: Another Infomat. Jim arrives at a jog.
2) 117) text: ONSCREEN: A helpful map shows the way. Jim marches off.  COMMAND DECK
2) 118) text: Jim finds the door to the Bridge. He opens it eagerly - o to find a second door behind it - an armored hatch labele FIREWALL and SECURE ACCESS AREA. A porthole of thick glass gives a narrow view of the Brid It's deserted. Instrument lights gleam in the dark.
2) 125) text: A SOUND behind him makes him spin. But it's just a window-washer: a robot with long spindly limbs. It moves past Jim, polishing windows. Oblivious. A sign catches Jim's attention: "OBSERVATORY - Your Place the Universe."  OBSERVATORY
2) 126) text: Jim enters the planetarium of the future: theater seats facing a holographic "stage." IN HOLOGRAM: An image of the starship hangs in space. Glo text reads "Look through the eyes of the Starship Excelsi Jim goes to the control podium. Touches the screen.
2) 141) text: Jim stares at the hologram in horrified realization.
2) 145) text: Jim sprints down a row of hibernation pods. Heart poundin Slides to a stop in front of his empty pod. Jim fusses with the controls, pressing buttons. But the screen just reads "PASSENGER DISCHARGED." Crouching, he pulls at the pod's canopy, trying to open i with his hands. It doesn't budge.
2) 167) text: The booth's camera zooms in on Jim's face. A microphone extends toward his mouth. The red RECORDING light comes o
2) 169) text: Jim's a deer in the headlights. He collects himself.
2) 171) text: Jim pushes the "SEND" button. Sits back in his chair.
2) 183) text: Jim crosses the Concourse like a sleepwalker in his robe slippers. He looks shell-shocked. He comes to the Concourse Bar: the fanciest watering hole the ship. Black leather stools along a marble bartop. Jim touches the bartop...and a MAN swings up behind the b as if mounted on a hinge. A handsome fellow in a bartende uniform - his hair and skin eerily perfect. This is ARTHU Jim jumps out of his skin.
2) 187) text: He produces a cloth and polishes the bartop. In a startli movement, he glides the length of the bar, polishing all way, and glides back as if on roller skates. Jim steps up on the footrail and peers behind the bar. Arthur's body stops at the waist. He's mounted on rails, built into the bar.
2) 196) text: Arthur pours. Jim knocks the drink back. Points into the empty glass while his eyes water. Arthur pours another. J takes a big swallow and sets the glass down half-full.
2) 219) text: Jim shakes his head in surrender.
3) 0) text: Jim wakes up and rolls out of bed. Shuffles into the show  CAFETERIA
3) 1) text: Machines offer food and drink in dizzying variety. Each machine has a card slot and a screen displaying its menu. Jim enters, dressed in his own clothes - jeans, a T-shirt
3) 3) text: He swipes his shipcard at a coffee machine. It offers six kinds of coffee, from a simple cup of joe to the "Mocha Cappuccino Extreme." Jim picks the best of the lot.
3) 5) text: Jim presses one button after another, denied each time.
3) 9) text: Jim ascends, sipping coffee and eating an egg sandwich. The doors open at the Command Deck. A sign reads "Crew Ar No Passengers beyond this point." Jim breezes past the si  COMMAND DECK
3) 10) text: Jim prowls the floor, opening doors. He finds a room marked EMERGENCY GEAR and opens it eagerl It's full of space suits and oxygen tanks. He peers into a red HAZARD cabinet: fire extinguishers, a axe, an epoxy foamer for atmosphere leaks - all behind gl He opens another door marked EMERGENCY MANUALS - and smil shelf after shelf of waterproof, fireproof technical manu Jim pulls a manual labeled HIBERNATION SYSTEMS. 
4) 0) text: A cavernous cargo hold. Jim drives a forklift down the ai scanning container numbers. He finds a container labeled "PASSENGER #1498, JAMES PRESTON." The forklift pulls it from the rack.
4) 3) text: Jim sits in front of his empty hibernation pod. His toolb beside him. The Hibernation Systems manual lies open. Jim tinkers with the electronics inside his pod. The pod hums to life. Its data screen flickers with information. Mysterious WHIRS and THUNKS. The canopy opens. Elated, Jim bounces to his feet. Strips off his shirt and scrambles in. The canopy closes over him. He assumes the position, his back against the backrest, waiting for the pod to put him to sleep. Nothing happens. He pokes at the ports where the sensors intravenous lines used to protrude. Shakes the machine. He gives up. It's not working. But now he's trapped inside the pod. He pushes at the canopy, but it's locked shut. He pounds the glass with no effect. Finally he loses it, shouting a stamping, hammering and raging - all muffled behind glass Exhausted, he sinks to the floor of the pod, staring out his tools and his manual, his discarded shirt. Then he notices the emergency release handle down by the floor. He pulls it, and the canopy pops open. 
4) 7) text: Jim opens his toolbox, selects a tool and starts to remov the keypad's cover plate.
5) 0) text: Jim works on the door with an industrial LASER CUTTER. Sp fly. He's drenched in sweat. Mussed and unshaven. He lifts the goggles and inspects the door. The laser cut has barely marked the surface. The door's a mess. Its switch hangs on wires. There are p marks around the latch. Gouges around the window. Failed drill holes. Dents left by an axe. But the door stands firm. Jim lets the laser cutter fall. It joins a scrapyard of t on the floor: sledgehammer, jackhammer, drill, crowbar, a 
5) 7) text: Jim gives Arthur a thoughtful look.
5) 18) text: Jim takes a moment to consider that.
5) 24) text: Jim spins on his barstool, surveying the Grand Concourse.
5) 28) text: Jim goes for one more shove. Misses. Falls off his stool. 
5) 36) text: Jim lies on a massage table wearing a towel. A pair of ro arms emerge from the table and begin to massage him. 
5) 50) text: A WARRIOR appears. Jim's character. Jim works the control IN HOLOGRAM: The Warrior rises off the ground on a beam o light - and is immediately torn to pieces by enemy fire.
5) 86) text: Arthur mixes a bright green drink, sets it in front of Ji Jim takes a sip and makes a horrible face.
6) 0) text: Jim sleeps in his luxurious bed. The covers knotted aroun him. He hasn't shaven in weeks. His eyes open. He lies staring at the ceiling. After a long moment he gets up. Shuffles toward the bathr in his underwear. He's put on a beer gut. 
6) 7) text: Bored, Jim punches his name into the High Scores board. J All the other high scores say JIM. 
6) 11) text: Jim thumps his fist on the bar.
6) 17) text: The news hits Jim like a death in the family.
6) 21) text: Jim drops his hand, restoring the illusion. Closes his ey in an agony of loneliness. 
6) 25) text: The robot carries Jim up and down the Celestial Promenade Down an elevator. Past the Concourse Bar. Jim waves. Arthur waves back, speechless.  DECK ONE
6) 26) text: The robot heads into a low hatch. Jim ducks to fit throug
6) 28) text: A mechanical hive. Here the ship's robots are cleaned, repaired, recharged. Robots bustle everywhere - never colliding, never getting lost. A ballet. Jim's sweeper robot vomits its load of collected dirt int waste chute. Heads into a recharging niche. Jim jumps off. He explores: it's an engineer's fantasia. Jim's eyes show signs of life. But it's a hazardous place, with cranes an platforms, hoses and blowtorches on the move. He exits through another low hatch to find himself in the  HIBERNATION BAY
6) 29) text: Thousands of sleepers in their glass tubes. Jim walks amo them, looking at their faces. Suddenly he stops, staring. Inside a pod, a woman stands sleeping. This is AURORA DUNN. A breathtaking beauty.
7) 0) text: A workstation. Jim types "Aurora Dunn" into a search engi It returns a list of New Yorker articles. Some titles: 
7) 1) text: The New Corporate Overlords Patient or Patent? Genetic Medicine and You Modern Love: Dating the Database Jim moves the articles onto a digital slate. 
8) 0) text: Jim lies asleep, wearing boxer shorts and a full beard. T suite's a wreck. Laundry and dishes litter the floor. His eyes open. He looks at the stars outside. Gropes unde the pillow and pulls out a remote control. Punches a butt The window shades come down, hiding the view.  CORRIDOR
8) 1) text: Jim emerges from his room in boxer shorts and slippers. H dragging a blanket. A housekeeping robot, its dustpan quivering in anticipati hovers outside his door. Jim taps the "Do Not Disturb" button on his door panel an walks away. The housekeeping robot squeals in frustration as the door closes over the mess inside.
8) 3) text: Jim pours milk over a bowl of cereal.  ELEVATOR
8) 4) text: Jim descends, the blanket draped over his shoulders like serape. He holds his bowl of cereal in both hands. 
8) 21) text: Jim stares at Arthur in frustration.
8) 27) text: Jim buries his face in his hands.
8) 32) text: Jim hauls the manual off the bartop and stalks away. 
9) 0) text: The ship forges through space, its lit windows shining. Jim paces back and forth on a promenade, a tiny figure dwarfed by the mighty ship and the tapestry of stars. 
9) 4) text: He steps into the airlock. The door closes behind him. Jim looks at the red lever that opens the outer door. He grips the lever. Looks thoughtfully out at the stars. 
10) 0) text: The airlock outer door opens with a blast of air. Jim eme from the airlock - wearing a SPACE SUIT. He plants his feet on the hull and walks up the side of t ship on magnetic boots. 
11) 0) text: Jim stands looking at Aurora: a bearded pilgrim in a holy place.
12) 0) text: Jim stands at the sink with a futuristic shaver in his ha He talks to himself as he takes off his castaway's beard.
12) 7) text: Jim exits his cabin in his coveralls, carrying his toolbo He finds a squadron of housekeeping robots waiting outsid He taps the "PLEASE SERVICE" button beside his door. The robots zoom inside with squeals of joy. 
12) 10) text: Aurora's pod hums. Medical data flows across its screen. vital signs re-start. Her pale skin flushes with color. Jim beats a retreat.  AURORA'S POD
12) 14) text: The luxury cabin now tidy and immaculate. Jim bursts in, wild-eyed. Drops his toolbox. Hides the ma up manual in the closet. He splashes water on his face. Stares into the mirror. 
12) 25) text: Posher than Jim's original cabin. A king-sized bed, a panoramic window. A widescreen video screen lights up. The Homestead Compan theme music plays.
12) 35) text: Jim rushes to the railing. Below on the Grand Concourse, Aurora is turning in circles, looking up at the balconies
12) 45) text: Jim runs down six flights of stairs, his heart in his thr He reaches the Grand Concourse out of breath. He stops a paces away, just looking at Aurora, getting his wind back
12) 50) text: Jim's lips move as she speaks her name, almost saying it her. Aurora. She doesn't pick up on it.
12) 54) text: Jim swallows hard.
12) 63) text: Jim's finding it unexpectedly hard to deliver the bad new
12) 65) text: Jim and Aurora ride upward. She looks out into the atrium watching the floors go by.
12) 67) text: Jim is only half listening - his eyes drawn to the spill her hair over her neck, the line of her jaw.
12) 69) text: Jim yanks his eyes away from her neck.
12) 75) text: Aurora stares at Jim.
12) 77) text: Jim and Aurora walk down a row of hibernation pods.
12) 80) text: Jim points at a pod beside them. A middle-aged woman insi
12) 92) text: She turns her back. Suddenly she walks briskly away. And breaks into a run. Jim watches her go, astonished. After a moment he runs after her.  HIBERNATION BAY
12) 98) text: Jim extends a hand. She lets him pull her to her feet. He gives her the sash, and she ties her robe around her.
12) 100) text: Jim looks back at her, miserable with guilt.
12) 119) text: They inspect the threads of light - an icon on each threa representing a starship. Even Jim is excited now.
12) 128) text: Jim and Aurora deflate visibly.
12) 140) text: Jim nods, speechless.
12) 142) text: Jim watches her walk away.
12) 152) text: Jim takes a stiff drink.
12) 166) text: Jim appears behind Aurora.
12) 169) text: Jim watches in astonishment as Aurora blithely orders the snacks that the machines deny him. The Mocha Cappuccino Extreme. The French Breakfast Puff. The Gourmet Fruit Sal They sit. Aurora eyes Jim's tray.
12) 175) text: She gets up. In a minute she's back, setting a tray down front of Jim: A western omelette with a side of bacon...a cafe latte...half a honeydew melon. Jim shoves his old breakfast aside.
12) 182) dialog: 
12) 185) dialog: I looked around. It's the usual hospital stuff. Scanners, autodocs.
12) 187) dialog: Not really.
12) 189) dialog: You think they've got suspended animation pills sitting around?
12) 191) dialog: I looked at the manifests. It's mostly farming stuff, industrial machines. We're not going to find a hibernation facility in a box.
12) 193) dialog: No, we can't.
12) 195) dialog: I've been awake a year and a half. I've tried everything I can think of.
12) 198) text: She strides out. Jim watches her go. Reaches over and tak the Gourmet Fruit Salad off her tray. 
12) 245) text: Empty glasses show that Jim and Aurora have been doing yeoman's work at the bar. Both are tipsy and laughing.
12) 248) text: That wipes the smile off Jim's face.
12) 256) text: Jim drops his head into his hands. 
12) 261) text: The door opens. Jim stands blinking in his bathrobe.
12) 266) text: Aurora drags Jim in and punches the button.
12) 271) text: Aurora drags Jim out of the elevator. Looks around.
12) 294) text: Jim sits at a table, a technical manual open in front of He looks up. Watches Aurora jog around the atrium and van
14) 5) text: Jim is thunderstruck. The game is up. He swallows hard.
14) 13) text: Jim seems stunned by the question. He hadn't thought abou in quite those words.
14) 30) text: Jim and Aurora walk down an aisle of hibernation pods.
14) 35) text: Jim waves at the rows of sleepers.
14) 39) text: Jim walks up to a hibernation pod. Glances at the data screen. He covers the screen with his hand.
14) 45) text: Jim moves down the row, peeks at another screen, covers i
14) 64) text: Jim looks at Aurora seriously.
14) 67) text: Jim looks at the woman in the pod. Smiles.
14) 84) text: Next to Jim's favorite seat there's a cluster of machines with power cables and hoses running to them. Jim and Aurora sit. A screen beside Jim lists movies.
14) 105) text: A mechanical whir distracts her. She looks down. Jim's pet robot looks up at her with binocular eyes. It carries a note in a clip on its back. Aurora pulls it fre A handwritten invitation from Jim. It reads:  Come to dinner with me tonight? 
14) 119) text: In the corridor stands a cargo robot to which Jim has attached an upholstered loveseat. He helps Aurora aboard takes a seat beside her. She's charmed.
14) 144) text: Jim laughs. He thinks for a minute.
14) 151) text: They sit at the best table. Robots attend to their every need. The blue stars frame Jim's head; the pink, Aurora's Beautiful dishes arrive: new wines with every course.
14) 156) text: The robot stops. She pulls Jim off.
14) 158) text: She pulls him to the photo booth. They tumble inside. As strobe flashes, she kisses him hard. Outside, the photo strip drops into the tray: four color pictures. In the first they laugh; in the second they clo in the third, they kiss. In the last image, Aurora smiles the camera; Jim looks at Aurora. Aurora taps the pictures: they start to move: each is a o second movie clip. The pictures laugh, and clown, and kis 
14) 172) text: Jim and Aurora lie in Jim's imperial bed, glistening with sweat and breathing hard. She lays her head on his should her eyes far away and wistful.
15) 0) text: Through the window, Jim and Aurora lie together in the luxurious bed. We pull out, the window dwindling, as the Excelsior soars away from us into the stars.
15) 14) text: Jim opens cargo containers. He finds ingots of metal, computer components, spools of superconducting wire. Raw materials for a young world.
15) 16) text: Jim finds a stash of utility golf carts and his eyes ligh up. He unpacks one, starts it up. Drives off into the dar 
15) 25) text: The next aisle holds plants in stasis: saplings in tubes, seedlings in individual vials. Jim stops in front of a glass case. Rosy light bathes his face. He smiles. We don't see why.
15) 29) dialog: Hello, robot.
15) 30) text: Hastily Aurora replaces the manual. Closes the closet. Jim appears in the doorway: tool belt over his shoulder, duffel bag in hand.
15) 37) text: Jim takes that in.
15) 42) text: Jim unzips his duffel bag and takes out a bouquet of long stemmed roses. Aurora gasps. Reaches out to touch them.
16) 0) text: Jim and Aurora sprint down the hall, cabin doors flashing Jim's practically dragging her along. A deep background RUMBLE.
16) 2) text: Jim and Aurora run up the stairs onto the highest promena on the ship: glass all around, skylight above. The deep RUMBLE is louder. A bloody light fills the sky. A STAR looms ahead of the ship: a RED GIANT. The Excelsio rockets toward the star. The passage takes less than a minute. The Red Giant swell the windows. The ship shudders. The engines howl. Aurora falls into Jim's arms. The ship bathed in red light. The star fills the skylight, fills the sky itself. A fier surface turbulent with sunspots and mysterious currents. engines howl. And then they're past. The star recedes, dwindling as qui as it grew. The engines quiet. The ship's calm restored.
16) 30) text: Jim stands at the mirror, straightening his lapels, touch up his hair. He unwraps the ring. Looks it over. Smiles at his reflect  CONCOURSE BAR
16) 38) text: Aurora stops breathing. She stares at the bartop. Jim strolls up to the bar. His hand slides into the jacke pocket where the ring lies hidden. But Aurora's body language is all wrong. He stops, perple
16) 42) text: Jim's hand slides out of his jacket pocket. He shoots a l at Arthur, who smiles back, oblivious. Aurora's eyes bore into him. Finally Jim finds his voice.
16) 69) text: Jim stares at her, unbelieving. But she means it. He open the cover panel, points out the key components.
16) 92) text: Aurora circles the atrium. OVER THE P.A. SYSTEM: Jim clears his throat.
16) 93) dialog: Aurora.
16) 95) dialog: Please, just hear me.
16) 100) dialog: When you woke up I had no idea what would happen next. I had no reason to believe you would see anything in me. When you did, when we found each other, this ship I'm trapped inside suddenly felt like a limitless place.
16) 103) dialog: My pointless life suddenly had meaning.
16) 107) dialog: Wait. Aurora. Don't go.
16) 110) dialog: I don't want to lose you. 
16) 113) text: She drops the microphone and walks out of frame. Jim slum over the console in defeat.
16) 130) text: With a snarl, Jim tosses the ring into his mouth. Chases with a slug of vodka straight from the bottle. Swallows h 
17) 9) text: Aurora leaves. Jim takes a seat.
17) 25) text: Jim looks at Arthur as if he's said something profound.
17) 39) text: Blindingly fast, robot arms straighten Jim's elbow. Wrap ribs and arm with smooth white bandages. Jim shouts in sh
17) 41) text: The autodoc opens and Jim climbs out, testing his arm. A bottle of pills rattles into a tray in front of him.
17) 49) text: Jim kneels on the Grand Concourse. He's torn a huge hole the carpet to expose the deck plates beneath. With his laser cutter he cuts a large rectangular hole. P the plate up with a crowbar, opening a cavity in the deck  AURORA'S CABIN
17) 69) text: The last thing Jim expected to hear.
17) 71) text: Jim's face falls. 
18) 0) text: Jim opens the door. Inside is chaos: the lights throb. St sizzles on video screens. Speakers blare noise. The blind jerk and flap. The adjustable bed convulses like a monste
19) 0) text: A dark room. In the light of a utility lamp, Jim re-attac a control panel to the cabin wall. Aurora watches.
19) 8) text: She sits immobile, frosty. After a moment Jim walks out.
19) 10) text: Jim passes a cleaning robot stuck in a corner. He frees t robot: it plows right back into the corner. Another robot zooms in - and gets stuck beside the first Jim studies the robots thoughtfully. 
19) 18) text: Jim skids to a stop, astonished: the door to the Crew Hibernation Facility stands open.
19) 20) text: The Grand Concourse! Jim spins and runs back the other wa
19) 22) text: GUS MANCUSO stands at a deck steward's station, intercom in hand. A stocky man of 55, with a bristling mustache, wearing a crewman's coverall. Haggard and weary. He stare consternation at the garden in the middle of the Concours Running footsteps. Jim and Aurora race into the Concourse from opposite directions. They see Gus and stop, astonished.
19) 24) text: Jim raises a hand sheepishly. Gus shakes his head.
19) 34) text: Jim, Aurora, and Gus sit around a table. Gus leans heavil his elbows, sipping from a mug.
19) 45) text: Aurora shoots Jim a look. Gus doesn't notice.
19) 47) text: Gus leads Jim and Aurora to the Bridge's armored hatch. H swipes his crew card and the door opens.
19) 72) text: Jim can't take his eyes off Gus. A new person.
19) 84) text: Jim and Aurora smile.
19) 87) text: Gus waves and walks off. That leaves Jim and Aurora sitti awkwardly on the same side of a diner booth. After a moment Aurora moves over to the other side. Looks Jim across the table.
19) 101) text: A GROWL of gears. Jim drives up in his souped-up golf car
19) 108) text: Jim puts the pedal down. The cart lays rubber on the deck plates and shoots down the aisle while Aurora and Gus yel  SHIP'S STORES
19) 109) text: Up on a hydraulic lift, Gus digs components out of storag Hands them to Aurora, who hands them to Jim, who loads th into the cart.
19) 111) text: Gus works on the Diagnostic Computer while Jim looks on. Nearby, Aurora thumbs through Gus's technical manuals. Gus clamps a final component in place and nods at Jim.
19) 113) text: Jim closes a circuit breaker and powers up the computer. deep electrical HUM as the machine boots up. The screen flashes a message: RUNNING VESSEL DIAGNOSTIC. progress bar shows that the diagnostic is 0.0% complete. The lights on the indicator panel remain dark. The first light begins to flicker as the diagnostic runs.
19) 116) text: Gus strolls through the ship, looking around nostalgicall He passes Jim's garden and shakes his head.  CONCOURSE BAR
19) 135) text: Jim and Aurora exchange glances.
19) 140) text: A sound behind him. Gus turns to find Jim watching. He lo from Jim to the pod mechanism and back again.
19) 144) text: Jim fidgets. Starts to speak. Gus cuts him off.
19) 152) text: Gus sits down heavily, looking at Jim.
19) 157) text: Gus starts putting his tools away. Jim lays the electroni slate down beside him.
19) 189) text: Gus pushes himself off his stool. Momentarily shaky, he p himself together. He takes a seat at the grand piano and plays - a fine beerhall pianist. Gus touches a switch and lifts his hand the piano keeps playing. Gus stands and extends a hand to Aurora. She takes it, an Gus sweeps her across the floor. Jim watches from the bar.
19) 192) text: Aurora follows Gus's lead - but steals looks at Jim. Her unreadable. They watch each other as the dance goes on. 
19) 197) text: Gus lies feverish and semi-conscious in his bed. A THUNK! The door slides open. Jim and Aurora rush in.
19) 200) text: Gus lies in a medical scanner. Jim and Aurora watch as th machine bathes Gus in light, sensors floating over his bo
19) 220) text: Pill bottles clatter into a metal bin. Aurora scoops them Jim goes after Gus.  CORRIDOR
19) 221) text: Gus settles himself behind the wheel of Jim's cart.
19) 226) text: Aurora stumbles into the hall, her hands full of pill bottles. She and Jim watch the cart recede. 
19) 247) text: He sips his wine. Jim and Aurora watch with concern.
19) 258) text: Jim and Aurora laugh. But pain contorts Gus's face. He gr the table with white knuckles. And nobody's laughing anym
19) 276) text: Gus turns to Jim. They clasp hands. Slap each other's shoulders in a rough embrace.
19) 282) text: Aurora covers her mouth. Jim raises a hand in stunned farewell. The airlock door closes. Red lights flash. Through the porthole they see Gus look out into space. Then the outer door slams open and a blast of air shoots out among the stars. His body lost in the infinite night. Aurora steps into Jim's arms. Lays her head on his chest. a moment he holds her. Then she pushes him gently back. M his eyes sadly.
19) 284) text: Jim watches her walk away. 
20) 21) text: Jim wears his tool belt. Aurora carries a flashlight. Eac them carries one of Gus's manuals. Jim swipes Gus's crew card and the hatch opens. They go i 
20) 28) text: Banks of control panels - but Jim and Aurora have eyes on for the windows into the reactor's heart. Inside the reactor is a caged sun: an orb of fire hanging space. Loops and tongues of flame leap from its surface. It roars like a forest fire.
20) 34) text: Aurora watches Jim as he walks among the consoles, studyi the instruments.
20) 39) text: Jim cards the door with Gus's shipcard. The lock flashes red light and stays closed.
20) 42) text: She squeezes past Jim. Taps at the door's keypad. Jim pee through the narrow window in the door.
20) 44) text: The light flashes green. The door begins to slide open. A HOWLING WIND sucks Aurora against the crack in the door She screams. Jim grabs at her. A hurricane drags her insi 
20) 47) text: There's a RAGGED HOLE punched in the hull. Outside, stars burn in the vacuum of space. A tornado of escaping air screams out through the hole. Red lights flash. Claxons sound. The door begins to close Jim pulls a HAMMER from his belt and jams it crossways in doorway, propping open the door. The door's motors whine. Jim dives inside. Skids to a stop beside Aurora. Pulls he loose from the column and shoves her toward the door, fighting the wind. Aurora scrambles through the doorway. Jim tries to follow but the hammer suddenly bends and springs out of the door The door slams: Aurora outside, Jim in the airless room. The last of the atmosphere flashes away into space. Aurora screams and pounds on the other side of the door. Jim hears only his own thudding heartbeat. The last air leaves Jim's lungs in a silent shout, vapor whipping away between his teeth. He spins. Scans the room desperately. 
20) 53) text: The wind tears him from his handholds and hurls him towar the jagged hole in the hull. He falls ACROSS THE HOLE. Metal fangs inches from his bod He strains to avoid being speared or sucked out into spac The air jets stop. The wind dies as the air escapes. Jim lunges back to the open drawer. Pulls the LASER CUTTE from his tool belt and cuts the entire drawer free. He turns back, holding the metal DRAWER like a shield - a staggers, half fainting. 
20) 60) text: Jim breathes deeply. Blinks his eyes.
20) 64) text: Jim hauls himself to his feet, leaning on Aurora. He approaches the blasted computer. Reaches into the hole. Strains. A CREAK...and Jim pulls a melon-sized METEOR fro the crater. An orb of pitted metal. 
20) 89) text: Jim is nodding off over his manual. He looks up, blinking
20) 112) text: Aurora hadn't thought of that. She looks down fearfully. Jim swings over the railing. Braces his feet. Takes aim.
20) 116) text: Jim dives at her like Superman. Wraps his arms around her They tumble through space until Jim grabs a railing.
20) 135) text: Jim floats up, reaches around the computer to connect cab
20) 138) text: The ship shudders violently, throwing them from side to s Jim forces one cable after another into their sockets. Aurora tires: the computer slides out of place.
20) 141) text: She strains. The computer slides back into place. Jim closes the last connection. Slips out of the niche an lowers the clamps that hold the computer in place. He throws the heavy power lever. The lights go out. 
22) 0) text: Floating, Jim and Aurora stare at each other in the dark.
22) 3) text: The core computer flashes to life. The lights come back o So does the gravity. Jim and Aurora slam to the floor. In away, the old computer plunges down and embeds itself in deck. Across the room the golf cart bounces on its tires. 
23) 13) text: Jim and Aurora sprint into the facility. The sound is lou here: BOOM-CHAK...BOOM-CHAK... It's the sound of hibernation pods being ejected. The wav ejections marches down an aisle: one pod after another disappearing into the ceiling. Jim rushes to a CONSOLE. Scans the display.
25) 0) text: Jim slides to a halt in front of a hibernation pod. Pulls power driver from his belt and removes the cover panel. Aurora arrives on his heels. Watches as he works. An ominous sound approaches. BOOM-CHAK...BOOM-CHAK... The wave of ejections advances down their row.
26) 0) text: The pods Jim was working on tumbles out into space. 
27) 0) text: Jim slams into the facility at a dead run. Scans the crew hibernation pods. Picks one and goes to work. Aurora enters. Looks at the man inside the hibernation po stern fellow with a bristling gray beard.
27) 9) text: The wave of ejections reaches the end of the facility and marches back on Jim's side.
29) 0) text: Jim stands at the Diagnostic Computer. The indicator ligh panel is a sea of green. Only a few red lights remain. Aurora enters.
29) 6) text: Jim shakes his head at the tangle of it.
29) 8) text: Jim looks at her, moved and caught off-guard.
29) 11) text: Jim reaches out and takes her hand. She watches him intertwine his fingers with hers. Aurora gazes out at the stars - the endless shining sky t enfolds them. She looks at Jim and smiles.
29) 13) text: Jim meets her eyes.
30) 0) text: The airlock opens with a gust of air. Jim emerges in a sp suit - followed by Aurora. 
32) 0) text: Transformed by the wear and tear of a century's habitatio Paths worn into floors, furniture repaired or re-purposed We move past vegetable gardens. Battered sweeper robots w the plantings. Window-washers till the soil. The OAK TREE towers a hundred feet tall over the Concours Its branches brush the skylight far above. We move past walls decorated with murals and carvings. At the Concourse Bar, Arthur is slicing vegetables. His timeworn uniform mended by hand. At the aft end of the Concourse, a high wall. Here a long list of dates is inscribed. The last date is the ship's landfall on Homestead II; the first, Jim's awakening. In between: an accelerating tally of births, deaths, marriag catastrophes and achievements...a century of shipboard li At the base of the wall we find a table like an altar, wh a collection of artifacts is displayed: The meteor pried from the Excelsior's heart. Gus's worn shipcard, his picture still visible. A beautiful hand-bound book. In the Blink of an Eye: Our Lives Between the Stars, by Aurora Dunn. Beneath these printed words, a handwritten dedication: For Jim. In the center of it all, in the place of honor: the photo strip of Jim and Aurora from their first date. They laugh. They clown. She kisses him. Aurora looks into the camera's eye. Jim looks at Aurora.