31) 78) text: IВ’m sorry to do this to ya here  in front of a crowd, but I want ya to stand up and make a nice apology to my girl.
32) 11) text: This coupleВ’s goinВ’ on a date to  Hawaii.  The girl chose him over the other two guys.
43) 12) dialog: Oh yeah?
75) 11) text: ...live in exchange for sexual favors. Police said they have identified and questioned at least four girls, all Asians twelve to fifteen years old,  who have been living in the North Houston warehouse with a Vietnamese pimp since February.  The girls are being treated as victims, said police Sergeant Amos Milburn.  В‘These are  really just children,В’ he said, В‘but theyВ’ve been exposed to a lot already.
87) 26) dialog: (completely gone in shock)
87) 27) text: IВ’ve got about five hundred dollars  in my wallet and I canВ’t find it... My motherВ’s going to kill me.  ItВ’s  got all my cards in it...  It was  in my pocket...  Now my pockets gone. MY PURSE IS GONE!!!  NOW SHE TELLS ME. The girl starts walking back toward the car.
87) 31) text: Hey...  Hello...  Girl...  You gotta come with us, honey. Sailor reaches out cautiously and takes hold of the girlВ
87) 32) dialog: 
87) 34) dialog: Gotta find my wallet. (to Sailor)
87) 35) text: DonВ’t you say one word of this to my mother.  God, sheВ’s gonna kill me. The girls falls to one knee and struggles to get back up. Lula each take an arm and try to help her.
87) 36) dialog: WHEREВ’S MY HAIRBRUSH?... Sailor and Lula help the girl stand, but her eyes start r a bunch of fresh blood comes gushing up out of her mouth.
87) 39) dialog: (wide-eyed now)
87) 41) text: ItВ’s in my purse. The girl dies.  Sailor and Lula hold real still for a mom starts to cry.
96) 3) text: Hell, no, belongs to my girlВ’s sister. The sisterВ’s been over to New Orleans, lets us have it while sheВ’s gone. WhereВ’s that pretty little lady of yours today?
109) 2) text: Dearest Sailor Darling, The first thing youВ’ll want to know is IВ’m keeping the Mama wasnВ’t for it in the beginning but I think sheВ’s l forward to it.  IВ’m gonna name it Pace no matter if itВ’ boy or a girl.  Pace Ripley sounds good, donВ’t it?  ItВ’ kind of hard to believe that Pace will be six years old  when you get out. I feel like IВ’m kind of in prison too, but I know in six months, itВ’ll be over and IВ’ll have a son or daughter t show for it.  Our child!! I love you Sailor.  I donВ’t know how much or what it  means though I miss you an awful bunch sometimes I know youВ’re thinking about me cause I can feel it.  I miss you not being around to call me peanut nobody else ever called me that. Mama married Santos.  It just about drove me crazy.  My daddy left a lot of money somehow and theyВ’re spending it like there is no tomorrow.  IВ’m going to move out as soon as I can. Mama and Santos said because of the baby theyВ’re lookinВ at the two of us in a different light - whatever that means. Johnnie Farragut has plumb disappeared.  No one knows where.  I miss him, but not near as much as I miss you. Time donВ’t really fly honey does it? Love, your Lula P.S. I miss dancing...