3) 0) text: The telephone rings.  MARIETTA PACE FORTUNE, a rich South around fifty, carries her Martini and Rossi sweet vermout the livingroom and answers the phone.
84) 2) text: There I slap that mutha fucka face - pay attention fucka - otherwise we  hafВ’ta work it all night...  Too  much fun for us - you see what I  mean?  Now watch me how I touch a bottle and you count how many times. Juana steps two paces across the hut where two dirty old sit - one in one corner perched on a dried tree trunk - t opposite corner perched on an old fence post.  Juana touc bottle (#1) once, and crosses and touches the right bottl comes back and touches JohnnieВ’s face.
109) 2) text: Dearest Sailor Darling, The first thing youВ’ll want to know is IВ’m keeping the Mama wasnВ’t for it in the beginning but I think sheВ’s l forward to it.  IВ’m gonna name it Pace no matter if itВ’ boy or a girl.  Pace Ripley sounds good, donВ’t it?  ItВ’ kind of hard to believe that Pace will be six years old  when you get out. I feel like IВ’m kind of in prison too, but I know in six months, itВ’ll be over and IВ’ll have a son or daughter t show for it.  Our child!! I love you Sailor.  I donВ’t know how much or what it  means though I miss you an awful bunch sometimes I know youВ’re thinking about me cause I can feel it.  I miss you not being around to call me peanut nobody else ever called me that. Mama married Santos.  It just about drove me crazy.  My daddy left a lot of money somehow and theyВ’re spending it like there is no tomorrow.  IВ’m going to move out as soon as I can. Mama and Santos said because of the baby theyВ’re lookinВ at the two of us in a different light - whatever that means. Johnnie Farragut has plumb disappeared.  No one knows where.  I miss him, but not near as much as I miss you. Time donВ’t really fly honey does it? Love, your Lula P.S. I miss dancing...
110) 2) text: Dear Lula, It is fine with me about the baby as you already know.  And Pace being your family name and all is just right. What about a middle name if it is a boy after my  granddaddy Roscoe?  He would be proud I know though he is long passed.  Pace Roscoe Ripley does not sound so bad do you think? This place is not so pretty as Pee Dee.  Not pretty at all.  There are boys inside these walls meaner than Peru you can bet.  There is a Death House.  I am getting along.  The only thing is not thinking about the future. I miss dancing with you, too.  I love you.  It is hard to end this letter.  If I stop writing youВ’re gone.  There is not a lot more to say though. Vava con dios mi amor. Sailor
110) 23) dialog: HowВ’ll we know what he looks like? Lula makes a wide left turn onto Jeff Davis Highway witho causing the driver of a white Bonneville headed across th to jam on his brakes in order to avoid a collision.  The driver sits on his horn and shouts at Lula.
110) 24) dialog: Mama, you almost crashed us. Lula steadies the steering wheel of her Camaro with her l she strikes a match and lights up a More.  She throws the window and takes possession of the wheel with both hands, is clamped in her teeth.
110) 26) dialog: HowВ’ll he know what we look like? He seen our photo? Lula puffs furiously several times on her More before she of her mouth and drops it.
110) 28) dialog: What I made you do, mama? Lula feels around on the floor with one hand until she fi cigarette.  Sirens can be heard up ahead.
110) 31) dialog: You ainВ’t actinВ’, mama.
110) 37) dialog: I still ainВ’t sure what my daddy  looks like.
110) 39) dialog: My daddy ainВ’t never killed nobody, has he, mama?
110) 41) dialog: Heard grandpa Santos and grandmama talkinВ’.
110) 43) dialog: Grandmama said how Sailor murdered a man.
111) 1) dialog: Why we sittinВ’ here, mama?
111) 3) dialog: IВ’m scared, mama.
111) 5) dialog: Case daddy donВ’t like me.  What if he donВ’t like that I donВ’t got  his color hair.
112) 10) dialog: WhatВ’s wrong, mama?