9) 0) text: A beat-up, red В’64 Ford Falcon station wagon filled with TEENAGERS on speed and PCP race out of control down the s club - leaning out the car in every direction.  They scre desolate-looking passerby.
22) 0) text: CU the red hot ash of LulaВ’s cigarette as she inhales de exhales a cloud of smoke she turns to Sailor.
33) 0) text: ECU of dying fetus with one hundred twenty decibels LulaВ The fetus twitches in its little pod of blood. ECU of pulsing vein in LulaВ’s neck - LOUD VIOLENT HEARTB A DOUBLE-PEDALED KICK BASS DRUM. ECU of LulaВ’s forehead covered in sweat running down to wide and WILD. ECU of fetus into medical trash can. ECU of bloodied abortion instruments. The DOCTOR leans across the abortion table.
33) 6) text: ...I hope you appreciate my spendinВ’ six hundred dollars, not countinВ’ what it cost us to get here and back...  This manВ’s the best damn abortionist in the South.
41) 0) text: Sailor gets up from the bed and begins putting on his clo painting her toenails red.
50) 9) text: I got one on me at Lake Lanier.   Lifeguard poured salt on it and it dropped off.  Felt awful.  He was a cute boy, though, so it was almost worth it. Sailor laughs.
51) 3) text: How they used to do it.  Course they got more sophisticated ways now. Radio said the Chinese, I think it is, figured a better idea is by insertinВ’ a balloon in the forehead and lettinВ’ it hand down on the nose. Lula shrieks.
56) 15) text: ...My neighbors hired me to get rid of the pigeons that gathered on their roofs and porches...
56) 20) text: ...Heart attack six months ago - had that cholesterol thick as shit... His widow, Mildred, she still lives in the house next to mine.
67) 0) text: Sailor spots a Red Devil gas station that still has its l pulls the car over.
68) 0) text: The Club Zanzibar sits in the darkness on the left hand s road.  A string of multi-colored lights is hung over the parks the Thunderbird across from the club and cuts the e
73) 0) text: Lula runs out.  Sailor follows. Sailor finds her sitting on the ground, leaning against t side of the Thunderbird.  LulaВ’s eyes are red and wet bu crying.  Sailor kneels down next to her.
75) 18) text: The reptiles were supposed to be of a docile species, said a senior government official, but it seems  the breeders bungled and reared attack crocodiles.
76) 6) text: in the Ganges near Varanasi to try and reduce human pollution and now plan to put in the crocodiles to  devour floatinВ’ corpses dumped by  Hindus too poor to pay for cremation.
87) 27) text: IВ’ve got about five hundred dollars  in my wallet and I canВ’t find it... My motherВ’s going to kill me.  ItВ’s  got all my cards in it...  It was  in my pocket...  Now my pockets gone. MY PURSE IS GONE!!!  NOW SHE TELLS ME. The girl starts walking back toward the car.
90) 14) dialog: (with a smile)
90) 17) dialog: Things ainВ’t real hot right now. Rex, there though, (nodding toward a half-naked man burrowed under an В’83 Buick)
90) 20) dialog: WeВ’ll see how she goes then when Rex takes off.  Check back. Two men, SPARKY and BUDDY, both about forty, walk up to R them wears a grey baseball cap with a Confederate flag on other has an LBJ straw Stetson.
90) 22) dialog: Reckon the headВ’s cracked, like I thought.
90) 24) dialog: IВ’ll get you foreigners a beer.
90) 32) dialog: EverВ’body got a past.
91) 0) text: The temperature on the tower reads В“One Hundred Twelve.В
92) 0) text: In front of the door there is a large, damp spot on the r a hundred and fifty flies are buzzing and landing.  Sailo when he opens the door.  He steps across the large spot a just waking up on the bed.
109) 2) text: Dearest Sailor Darling, The first thing youВ’ll want to know is IВ’m keeping the Mama wasnВ’t for it in the beginning but I think sheВ’s l forward to it.  IВ’m gonna name it Pace no matter if itВ’ boy or a girl.  Pace Ripley sounds good, donВ’t it?  ItВ’ kind of hard to believe that Pace will be six years old  when you get out. I feel like IВ’m kind of in prison too, but I know in six months, itВ’ll be over and IВ’ll have a son or daughter t show for it.  Our child!! I love you Sailor.  I donВ’t know how much or what it  means though I miss you an awful bunch sometimes I know youВ’re thinking about me cause I can feel it.  I miss you not being around to call me peanut nobody else ever called me that. Mama married Santos.  It just about drove me crazy.  My daddy left a lot of money somehow and theyВ’re spending it like there is no tomorrow.  IВ’m going to move out as soon as I can. Mama and Santos said because of the baby theyВ’re lookinВ at the two of us in a different light - whatever that means. Johnnie Farragut has plumb disappeared.  No one knows where.  I miss him, but not near as much as I miss you. Time donВ’t really fly honey does it? Love, your Lula P.S. I miss dancing...