14) 0) text: It's an early 80's dream. The squad sits on their sleepin bags, in a circle, on the floor. They're painting nails, giving henna tattoos, streaking hair, etc. Hannah has a OUIJA BOARD in front of her, hands resting on the "MESSAG INDICATOR." Diane has her eyes closed.
14) 2) dialog: (nervous) I-I'm sorry - can someone else please run the Ouija board? It's creepy, it's wrong and it goes against the teachings of my Lord and Savior, Jesus Christ.
14) 4) dialog: (looking down) Well technically, I don't think I'ma virgin anymore. Squad REACTS!
14) 5) dialog: Yeah. This summer at church camp? I'm pretty sure I had, y'know, an orgasm.
14) 10) dialog: Okay, one night, around sunset, I went horseback riding with the nuns. They went every night. And, well, we're trotting pretty hard, y'know? The hard leather saddle, pounding between my legs...
14) 12) dialog: All of a sudden, I feel... I feel... I feel just super alive... (whispering) "down there." I swear I thought it was the second coming.
32) 8) dialog: But you're not married.
32) 11) dialog: (suddenly freaked) What?! No! Not an abortion! My church can arrange for you to go to Oregon and take care of a "sick aunt" for nine months. Then they put your baby good home and you come back - a little dazed and puffy - but everything's fine! Oh please, Di, don't be a whore and a murderer! All FREEZE - no one can believe she just said that.
34) 0) text: All still stare at Hannah
34) 1) dialog: I-I didn't mean to say "whore," Diane. I just hear it so much at church - it kinda came flying out of my head.
66) 5) dialog: You want us to help you pick up?
67) 3) dialog: 
68) 9) dialog: Or, I could get my own horse...
71) 0) text: It's a sparse room, filled with religious icons. Hannah nervously places a video into the VCR above the TV, then on the couch. She smiles about to push PLAY on the remote when her stern, UBER-CHRISTIAN PARENTS ENTER and take a s on either side of her. Her look turns to fear as her fat takes the remote and hits PLAY. END MUSIC.
75) 1) dialog: ...so, while it's a laugh riot for the whole family, and Tim Conway is just about as funny as they come, especially when he goes...
75) 3) dialog: I'm only allowed "G" movies.
75) 9) dialog: Those of us who have parents, know that they have rules because they care! All fall silent - she went too far. Kansas stands.
75) 11) dialog: (nervously standing) Uh...maybe?
76) 5) dialog: Look, maybe I can watch a PG movie... I'll just say I'm counting dirty words for Sunday School.
83) 24) dialog: What kind of deal would you make if I said we were going to the police and tell them you're selling illegal guns... to minors! To girl minors!
84) 0) text: The squad runs out and gets into Hannah's STATION WAGON.
87) 4) dialog: Hey, I even took my parents' foster kid money. Phillipe's gonna have to gather rice without pants this month.
88) 0) text: A SMILING OLDER WOMAN with a "Volunteer" button sits at a table with a "LUNCH TICKETS: $1.50" SIGN on it. LISA JANU approaches and hands her some money. The Older Woman star to SLOWLY COUNT OFF TICKETS from a roll. Impatient, Lisa grabs the roll, rips off some tickets, to the roll on the table and STORMS OFF. The Older Woman UNLOCKS THE METAL BOX (key around her neck), PUTS THE MON IN, then SHUTS IT. Diane ENTERS FRAME and gives her money. The older woman counts off tickets, smiles and gives them to Diane who be down to tie her shoe. The Older Woman UNLOCKS the metal box to put the money in KANSAS ENTERS, FALLS TO THE GROUND and fakes CHOKING. Cle runs up to Kansas - begging for help. The Older Woman hurries around the table to help as Hanna ENTERS FRAME, takes the open metal box and dumps the con into Lucy's Winnie the Pooh BACKPACK as she walks quickly THROUGH FRAME. Hannah hands the box to Diane who shuts it and puts it back on the table. BOTH EXIT in opposite directions as Kansas STOPS CHOKING, gets up and exits, followed by Cleo, who first helps the Older Woman to her feet and then exits.
94) 9) dialog: Maybe Lucy's right. Maybe this is a sign.
102) 21) dialog: (nerves build to rage) Oh no! You committed the ultimate sin - you left our squad to be with a guy. And - and that guy is the Devil himself - "cause only the Devil would turn you against your sisters! All stare at her... then start to LAUGH.
104) 0) text: MUZAK PLAYS. Squad steps off the black electronic met, th stops. CUSTOMERS FALL SILENT. It's a sight to behold. Onl MUZAK CONTINUES. Kansas holds up a hand and counts off ONE, TWO, THREE FINGERS. All pull the RED RIBBON off their rose box with hand - smoothly grabbing the guns they've glued and taped together with the other - as they move into their next position (Kansas and Hannah take point as Diane, Cleo, Lu and Fern move into the bank branch). Cleo fumbles with he box, dropping her gun. The barrel falls off, CLANKING as rolls away from her. Nixon helps her stick it back togeth
104) 8) text: (same time) Bank branch! People start to get down who were up, others get up who w down. Kansas and Hannah look at each other a beat, then:
104) 10) dialog: (same time) All of you! People start to MURMUR and, once again, reverse their positions. Kansas and Hannah move together for a brief conference.
104) 44) dialog: (complete shock) Good to know, Fern. Good to know. MUSIC UP.
104) 53) dialog: (complete shock) I feel like freakin' David and Goliath. MUSIC UP.
106) 0) text: Diane, Cleo, Hannah and Lucy are laughing, throwing and rolling around in the money as the TV continues to play "LIVE" from the scene. They're all in their undies (find why in a second) - money stuffed everywhere. Diane goes b to hanging freshly washed bills (from the barf bag) to dr
122) 2) dialog: (freaking out) We're dead! They showed this prison movie to my youth group on Sunday.
122) 4) dialog: It wasn't like the prison we saw - all these women had to shave their heads because they got lice from the filthy lives they'd lived! Oh G-d, I'm gonna be someone's bald bitch!
126) 0) text: An exasperated Diane presses her receiver again and SLIDE SCREEN RIGHT, PUSHING LUCY OUT as Hannah - STILL RANTING COMES BACK IN SCREEN LEFT.
126) 1) dialog: .».my Sunday School teacher says that in prison, women shove broom sticks up your...
131) 1) dialog: ..and a "bitch slap." I bet that really hurts!