14) 0) text: The tram is in motion, and Maya is sitting inside, writin a small notebook. She finishes a sentence and looks out, seeing the small town pass by. 39. Maya goes back to her notebook, trying to concentrate aga when she’s interrupted by a couple of Portuguese boys, PE and BENTO, a bit older, around 16 years old, who are sitt behind her. Pedro leans in.
14) 13) dialog: I live in Sintra. Are you here on vacation?
14) 15) dialog: What is it then? Maya avoids the question.
14) 20) dialog: Have you ever been to Praia das Magas?
14) 28) dialog: Yes, that’s right.
35) 0) text: It’s still bright on the beach, but the sunlight is more gentle, casting long shadows as it approaches the horizon Some seagulls fly above the surf, only to dive in head on hunting for fish. On the sand, only a few groups of famil or friends, not as crowded as before. 4l 93. Maya and Pedro come walking along the surf, side by side. They don’t hold hands, but walk very close to each other, silence, watching the waves break. Each is very aware of other’s body next to them; as Maya’s arm swings, it gentl rubs Pedro's, and she prolongs the moment, feeling his sk against hers, extending a finger so it can hold his finge for a brief moment, playfully, romantic. Pedro looks at Maya, as they continue their stroll on the sand, too self conscious to hold hands, but full of desir EXT. PRAIA DAS MACAS/BEACH - DAY 4l A GROUP OF EIGHT BOYS and TWO GIRLS sit in a circle on th sand, with towels, backpacks, beer bottles and cigarettes scattered all around. All attention is on Bento, Pedro’s buddy from the tram, who reads from a notebook.
35) 1) dialog: “What is love if not blazing flames? I asked Grandpa, will he ever get over losing Frankie. Will he ever let go. “You’re asking the wrong question”, he said. “It’s not about getting over, or letting go.” He put his arm around me, and I wondered how this could possibly be about anything else. “It’s about honoring what happened,” he said. “You met a person that awoke something in you. A fire ignited.” There’s laughter all around. Bento continues.
35) 2) dialog: “The work is to be grateful. Grateful everyday that someone crossed your path and left a mark on you.” When Grandpa left, I looked at my reflection on the water, and wondered; who will be the one to ignite this fire inside of me?” (comments ) Wow!! More laughter, louder. Bento can’t see that, behind him, and Pedro are approaching. He continues to read: 42
35) 4) dialog: “And when it happens, I want to hold him and kiss him, our bodies melting into each other, our hearts beating as one.” Maya can still hear the last words. She recognizes her wo and jumps in to grab the diary from Bento’s hands.