6) 1) dialog: My problem is the story. If I could just get that right, you know? I think I could really make something good. Something great, even. Ilene looks around as she walks, her curious and peaceful eyes enchanted by the views of Sintra.
6) 2) dialog: But I just can’t get my head around a conventional three-act structure, and they want that. She's followed by GARY TOMLINSON, a shaggy, sandy-haired American, mid 50’s, also pulling a carry-on bag.
6) 3) dialog: Anyone who might finance it at least. The first act - man, that’s something, you know? And then the second - isn’t that enough? A third just seems gratuitous. 11 13. Gary is completely uninterested in the view, but Ilene kn him well, and is able to shut him out in her head. She le him talk as they keep walking up the street.
6) 4) dialog: I'm interested in all of it. Story is just one part. I see geography as destiny, you know what I mean? I’m interested in what constitutes intimacy, identity, community; how we communicate... with ourselves, with our surroundings, and how these human constructs can be rendered in image and performance. As they turn a corner, the colorful Palacio da Pena, on t of the hill, comes into view.
6) 5) dialog: Do you think it’s crazy to think about shooting on 35? It would be so amazing. Ilene? The view of the multi-colored fantasy castle is a wonder, Ilene pauses to take it in.
6) 6) dialog: Ilene? Are you even listening to me?
9) 1) text: Ilene is by the “Engagement Fountain.” She reaches out, cupping her hand and, thirsty, drinks a few sips of the water. Paul, carrying his bouquet of flowers, passes by as Ilene drinking the water. They don’t see each other. Ilene sits on the little bench that surrounds the Fountai with her bag, and Gary’s, next to her. She refreshes hers splashing some cold fresh water on her neck, on her face. sits reading a Frommer's Portugal guide, waiting. 22. Ilene raises her eyes from her book, distracted, and recognizes someone on the street. Jimmy comes down on the other side of the street, carryin his little box of pastries.
9) 43) dialog: Shush! Sorry. Gary is instantly in the middle of the conversation. He w at Jimmy.
9) 44) dialog: We signed a confidentiality agreement.
9) 46) dialog: It’s ridiculous, but it’s Star Wars. They are very serious about it.
9) 48) dialog: Hi, I’m Gary. I’m also working on the film. Second unit DP.
9) 50) dialog: Wow. You’re Frangoise Cremont’s husband? I’m a huge fan. You’re a lucky man.
9) 53) dialog: Nobody knows. I don’t understand these people, or they don’t understand me. I thought we were right next to it, but apparently-- Michel steps in. 27.
9) 56) dialog: Gary. Gary Tomlinson. They all shake hands.
9) 65) dialog: Quinta da Boica. Michel gets one of the bags, gestures for Gary to pick up other one. 28.
9) 76) dialog: Ilene! Let’s go!
12) 0) text: Ilene sips tea, alone on the terrace of a small and beautifully renovated house, a private Quinta. There’s a swimming pool down below, and a view to the immense green valley. Gary comes out to join her; he’s holding something behind back.
12) 1) dialog: I wasn’t expecting this. The photos on the site don’t do it justice. They should hire me to take new pictures. This place is incredible. 36.
12) 3) dialog: It's fine. George Lucas been berry berry good to me.
12) 5) dialog: That's why I want to make this movie. I can’t be a cameraman forever. I need to change gears, before it’s too late.
12) 7) dialog: Here. I have something for you. Ilene’s surprised. He gives her the box.
12) 9) dialog: I hope you like it. Ilene tries to smile. She wasn’t expecting this.
12) 10) dialog: Open it. She does. Inside the box, a silver ring, with a small det in gold. It’s a designer ring, very modern, young.
12) 12) dialog: Why? You said you liked it.
12) 15) dialog: You know what I’ve been thinking?
12) 17) dialog: I’ve been thinking I want us to spend more time together.
12) 19) dialog: Yes. I had an idea of getting rid of my apartment in the city and just moving into the house in Water Mill full time. Making a real home out there. Gary tries to look directly into Ilene’s eyes.
12) 20) dialog: You could come and stay for as long as you wanted. And whenever one of us is working in the city, we could stay at your place.
12) 22) dialog: We'd have a beautiful house on the beach, and I’d help with the rent on a nice apartment on the Upper West Side. We’d have two homes. We don’t need more than that. What do you say?
12) 24) dialog: A lot of people live there full time and still work in the city. It’s really not very far. And besides, with more time in Water Mill, you could paint more, or write, or do any of those things you always say you'd like more time for. Without my apartment, we'd both save money. You wouldn’t need to work so much. Ilene looks out onto the vast view of the valley in front them.
12) 25) dialog: Ilene, I'd like to be with you. For us to be together.
12) 27) dialog: I didn’t think of it that way, but I guess it is. What do you say?
22) 0) text: Ilene walks fast, ahead of Gary, who struggles a little trying to catch up.
22) 1) dialog: You're walking so fast. We’re not in New York City, you know. You'd think you’re trying to get away from me.
22) 3) dialog: Ilene, please, slow down. Gary stops, giving Ilene little option but to do so as we
22) 4) dialog: Listen to me. I’ve spent the last ten years of my life going wherever work took me. I used to get so excited about going to a new place -— Iceland, Patagonia, Vancouver! - but now I’m tired. Not tired, but I have a strange feeling. Emptiness. I’m home, the sun goes down, and... I think I just feel lonely. Do you ever feel that way?
22) 6) dialog: I guess I don’t. I’m not content. I want change. I don’t want to just continue like it’s all going to last forever. I want to start something new. With you. New for both of us. We have to admit we are in the middle, Ilene, or past the middle. It’s not really the time to coast, is it?
22) 8) dialog: No, that’s not what I need. Maybe I will, maybe I won't. They approach the end of this green, lush walkway, and suddenly they’re in the middle of a road, where cars and Tuk Tuk’s, ride by. 27 55.
22) 9) dialog: But I’m ready to settle down, Ilene. I love you. I love being with you. You know I don’t care about marriage, that’s not important to me. But being with you is. It is important to me. And Water Mill could be the answer. There’s a lot of space there. I could turn the garage into a new studio for me, and then you could have the second bedroom inside all for yourself. I would knock before entering. I promise. What do you say? A MEGA TOURIST BUS invades the screen, and stops right ah of Gary and Ilene. It’s door open, with a mechanized, lou oomph! Ilene’s attention veers towards the CROWD of TOURISTS, wh descend upon the road, happy and excited. A moment later, she finds herself in the middle of the cr which seems to have multiplied itself. Ilene lets herself be taken away by the movement of the crowd. Gary looks out, but soon he can’t see her anymore.
22) 10) dialog: Ilene? Ilene? Ilene!
24) 1) text: Gary is walking alone, when he recognizes someone in fron and picks up speed.
24) 2) dialog: Frankie! Frankie is walking alone right ahead. She turns, as Gary approaches, his right hand extended, greeting her.
24) 3) dialog: Bonjour, Frankie, Frangoise. I’m Gary. I’m here with Ilene. We arrived this morning.
24) 5) dialog: She told you about me?
24) 7) dialog: Such a pleasure to meet you. Frankie and Gary walk along the road, side by side, makin small talk. 60.
24) 8) dialog: I'm working with Ilene on Star Wars. I’m the second unit DP.
24) 10) dialog: I’m tired, and thankful for this break.
24) 12) dialog: First time in Portugal. We have been shooting for almost a month now, and when Ilene told me you were here, I said ‘let’s go’. I'ma big fan, you know.
24) 14) dialog: We met on another film we did together. The Void. I was the Principal DP on that. We’ve been hanging out, you know.
24) 16) dialog: I love Ilene.
24) 18) dialog: Frankie, Ilene says. May I call you Frankie?
24) 20) dialog: You look even better in person, you know. Do people tell you that?
24) 22) dialog: No, it’s true. You know, I wanted to talk with you about something, if we can find the right time. I have a film project that I want to direct.
24) 24) dialog: Yes, well, no. But my first feature. I’ve been thinking about it for a long time. And I’ve shot over 18 films for other people. I’m ready to start, you know. And I think you and I share a taste ina certain kind of cinema. It’s about an opera singer who loses her voice.
24) 26) dialog: I think you’d be perfect for it.
24) 28) dialog: But that’s it! She loses her voice. It’s almost like silent film acting, and I can’t think of anyone more expressive for the role. Like Greta Garbo.
24) 30) dialog: Can I can send you the script?
24) 32) dialog: It’s not going to happen now. I need a year, at least, to prepare. (MORE )
24) 34) dialog: If we’re going to collaborate I think it’s better to be up front with you, it’s going to take time to get it together. You know the business. I’d say realistically it will be a year, a year and a half, before we start shooting.
24) 36) dialog: You know, Frankie. I’m going to take time off to work on this film. I have a house in Water Mill, that’s just under two hours from New York, it’s a beautiful place. I've invited Ilene to come live with me. Don’t you think it would be a good idea for her to settle down a little bit? Not travel so much. Not work so much on projects she doesn’t really care about?
24) 38) dialog: You know her well.
32) 1) text: Gary walks down a remote, long road, alone, oblivious to everything around him. An OLD PORTUGUESE MAN walks by with his DOG, and as they by, the dog barks at Gary, bringing him back to the momen
33) 1) dialog: Ilene! It’s Gary, coming towards her, from the front gate of the Quinta. As he approaches her, Ilene walks towards him and, unexpectedly, she falls into his arms.
33) 2) dialog: Oh, baby. Gary, surprised by her emotions, tightens his embrace.
33) 3) dialog: Oh, honey, sweet girl. Don’t worry. It’s okay. It’s okay.
33) 5) dialog: Shhh...You don’t need to say anything. 85.
33) 7) dialog: I know. Me either. This place is really more to dream than to talk about. She looks at him with compassion.
33) 8) dialog: I don’t know if it’s the mountain air, or these beautiful surroundings, I don’t know... but I realized today that love is all that matters. Not money. Not jobs, or movies. Or even companionship. I know it’s cliché, but for the first time I understand it’s only love that matters. Ilene listens intently. This is turning out differently t she expected.
33) 9) dialog: I’m going to leave, Ilene.
33) 11) dialog: I know we do, but I’1l stay in Lisbon for a night or two. It’s supposed to be a great town.
33) 13) dialog: There’s no need to apologize. My feelings for you... if it’s not reciprocal, it’s silly to pretend. I’m too old for that. Besides, I understand how much you value your independence. Stay here and enjoy your friends. That’s what you came here for.
33) 15) dialog: No, I don’t think that’s a good idea anymore. I hope you understand.
33) 17) dialog: I should go pack. I have a car coming soon. He goes into the house, leaving Ilene alone on the terrac INT. QUINTA DE SAO THIAGO/FRANKIE & JIMMY’S SUITE - DAY 3