0) 0) text: We are in a simple, small but comfortable hotel room with bare white walls and worn out but well-kept hardwood floo There’s a small bed with someone seemingly asleep in it; desk and a chair in the corner. Around the window, we see faint frame of early morning light, but the curtains are drawn closed, keeping the room dark and tranquil. After a few seconds, we notice a quiet but steady sound “drip... drip... drip..." breaking the absolute silence. On the bed, PAUL GAGNE has his eyes open, awake in the darkness. A light-haired Frenchman in his mid 30’s, he listens to the steady beat of water falling one drop afte the next into a lonesome metal can. He can hear a piano start to play in the distance.
4) 0) text: A traditional Portuguese bakery with glass shelves filled with the freshest, most delicious pastries. It’s all so f you can almost smell it. Behind the counter is LUCIANA, serving Jimmy, placing pastries in a takeaway box. Jimmy sipping an expresso.
4) 11) text: IAN ANDOH, 46, an Englishman, black, solidly built, sits the bed, wearing shorts, holding a running shoe. He tries put the shoe on, but it’s too tight. He picks it up again and as he loosens up the shoe laces, working meticulously from the top part down, a recurring thought manifests its
4) 12) dialog: The whole thing is so unfair. I can’t get over it. They’re one of the happiest, most perfectly romantic pairs I have ever known. Ian’s wife SYLVIA ANDOH, late 30's, stands across the hot suite, dressed in pants and a bra, picking up a shirt fro open suitcase. They must have been a happy couple at some point. Now, approaching middle age, something sets them apart.
4) 15) dialog: To think that one is suddenly taken away from the other by this... thing, this horrible thing, makes me lose faith in love itself.
4) 17) dialog: Don’t be cynical. We’re seeing your father go from romantic bliss to tears and despair. Ian stands up and grabs a T-shirt, but before he puts it he looks at himself in the mirror, and grabs his own love handles.
4) 18) dialog: I have to stop with the bread.
4) 23) dialog: Wednesday. She goes in the drawer, grabs the first shirt she sees an puts it on.
4) 25) dialog: You sure it wasn’t your father’s idea?
6) 0) text: ILENE BIANCHI, a great looking woman, early 50’s with youthful charm, and dark, winsome eyes, pulls a small car on bag up a street behind the historic Palace of Sintra.
21) 0) text: Ian, still in his running outfit, comes from inside with coffees. He approaches Sylvia, waiting outside, and she g one of the two cups.
21) 1) dialog: Wait. I think it’s the other one.
21) 3) dialog: Your coffee.
21) 5) dialog: Mine is with skim milk. Sylvia offers him her cup, so they can switch.
21) 6) dialog: Wait?
21) 8) dialog: I’m confused now.
21) 10) dialog: Another letting agent? Sylvia is surprised.
21) 12) dialog: Don’t be such an ass. Maya told me.
21) 14) dialog: She told me. You don’t have to hide from me anymore, Sylvia.
21) 16) dialog: That means you’re thinking.
21) 18) dialog: I’m not surprised, but it makes me sad. What we’re going through... I think it’s normal.
21) 20) dialog: Where’s Maya anyway?
21) 22) dialog: The beach??
21) 24) dialog: Alone?
21) 26) dialog: Why did you let her?
21) 28) dialog: I hope it’s safe.
21) 30) dialog: She has a mind of her own, our girl.
21) 32) dialog: Like her mother. They walk up the road in each other’s arm, a romantic cou on vacation for a moment.
29) 0) text: Ian and Sylvia sit at a restaurant in the city of Sintra. He’s served a salad by the WAITER, while Sylvia picks on bread and butter at the table.
29) 1) dialog: You're not going to eat?
29) 5) dialog: Regardless of what I feel, and of what I think you feel, we have a home and an amazing daughter, and... maybe it’s my personality, I don’t know... I didn’t grow up like you. All of you. I don’t have the same expectations maybe. I’d like to think that our life together, our family, is the most important thing. 77. Sylvia wasn’t expecting this. She takes a sip of Ian’s wh wine. IAN (CONT’D) Of course I can fantasize once ina while what my life would be like if I had made different choices. That’s normal. It’s human. But actually going through a divorce? It hasn't crossed my mind.
29) 7) dialog: No.
29) 9) dialog: So then you must know that there’s only one ‘ground’ for divorce under British law, which is that the marriage has irretrievably broken down. Five facts may constitute this ground: adultery, unreasonable behavior, two years separation, if both parties consent; five years separation, if only one party consents, and two years desertion. Ian pauses, and eats a small bite of his meal. IAN (CONT’D) I've been faithful to you, Sylvia. It would take a long, very expensive legal battle to try and prove unreasonable behavior on my part, which I think would be your only possible path.
29) 11) dialog: So I’m glad we’re having this conversation, because I wouldn't just let you go, Sylvia. You’d have to take me to a court of law, that’s what it would take. 78.
29) 13) dialog: Of course I did. I called a lawyer. What do you expect me to do? He made some calculations for me.
29) 15) dialog: I like to be prepared. You must have made calculations, yourself, but this is what we came up with. In the unlikely event that you are granted a decree Absolute, since you don’t have a salary, your alimony would get you, according to our calculations, a one bedroom in Upper Edmonton, maybe a two bed/one bath in Lower Edmonton. The Waiter arrives with Sylvia's glass of white wine.
29) 17) dialog: Is she the Bolivian?
29) 19) dialog: Then, maybe. That would make sense. I hear Lower is very popular among South American immigrants. Sylvia takes a sip of her wine, and gets up.
29) 21) dialog: You don’t want to go with me to pick up Maya?
29) 23) dialog: You want to go see the Regaleira. I see. What is the Regaleira, may I ask?
29) 25) dialog: No, that’s right. You’re right, Sylvia. It doesn’t matter. Sylvia turns around, and heads out. Ian, disappointed, pi up her glass full of wine.
36) 1) text: The grand library with an old piano in its center, where Frankie is playing music she knows so well. A CLEANING LADY from the hotel, walks by carrying a bag f of laundry. Frankie smiles, but the lady lowers her head, and discreet. Jimmy enters, and stays by the door frame, admiring the scene, as Frankie continues to play. Her hands glide through the different keys with the ease someone who’s trained, but not a professional. She makes slight mistake, but keeps going, as Jimmy comes to sit ne to her on the stool. She moves a bit to give him space.
42) 0) text: The tram makes its way back into the city of Sintra. INSIDE THE TRAM: Maya sits on the aisle, looking at sight MAYA’S POV FROM THE TRAM: The little center of town has b taken over by TOURISTS and BUSES, its cafés and gift shop filled with people from all over the world. Ian is coming around the corner towards the final Tram St 50 97. INSIDE THE TRAM: Some people start to get up and gather t things. Maya recognizes someone on the street, and waves. Ian waves, but notices that Maya is waving at someone els He looks in that direction, and sees Sylvia coming his wa She waves to Maya. Ian and Sylvia, husband and wife, meet, and wait together the tram to come to a stop. Maya steps off, and onto the platform. She embraces her mother so tightly, that Sylvia is a little thrown.
46) 0) text: Paul is walking up the road, when he passes by the ruins an old house. He slows down when he sees a COUPLE making against the walls. 54 55 102. The hands of the WOMAN caress the back of the MAN’s head. is wearing a shiny bracelet. Paul comes closer. He can’t believe his eyes, but there’s mistake: this is Frankie’s bracelet, on this woman’s wris as she strokes her man’s head. The couple is suddenly aware of Paul’s presence, and they pull apart. They are the flower sellers, Bianca and her boyfriend Joao Miguel, who were last seen fighting earlie on. They see Paul, and decide to leave. Paul keeps on his way, but turns around to catch a glimps the couple walking hand in hand, going down the road. The Vendor steals a kiss on the Bianca’s neck, while she laug very much in love.
48) 0) text: Frankie walks outside the chapel, and onto a rocky pastur The wind blasts and a cloud blows intermittently against sky. She tightens up her jacket, protecting herself again sudden chill. She walks ahead, to the edge of the cliff in front of her and the long drop below. 103. Frankie looks out to the sea. Time stops for long moment. And then she turns to see what’s behind her. Coming to meet her from different directions are Jimmy an Ilene, and Paul. Not far are Ian and Sylvia, with Maya be them. In the rear is Michel, with Tiago helping him navig the rocks and the climb. And then, as if always, Jimmy is beside Frankie. He puts arm around her. She feels his presence, his body, his wei and then -- before the others have even fully arrived to the view -- Frankie is ready to go, ready to continue.