1) 0) text: It’s morning of a Fall day in Sintra, the ancient Portugu city on the hills, not far from Lisbon. For centuries, th was the summer retreat for the local aristocracy. The orn towers of various castles, each in its own architectural style, are seen above the more typical Colonial-era build that make up the heart of the town. There’s green all aro from its famous lush gardens. The effect is romantic - al fairy tale. The streets are still quiet in town. It’s early in the morning. The tour buses have not yet arrived. The lucky tourists who managed to get a room in town are still asle Well, not all of them. JAMES “JIMMY” MANUS, a robust Irishman, early 60's, tall and gentle, strolls amongst a LOCALS. Looking down, hands in his pockets, he is deep in thought. It’s a beautiful day in Sintra, but Jimmy is una of his magnificent surroundings.
2) 1) text: As Jimmy turns the corner, something makes him slow down. It’s nothing more than an old fountain adorned with beaut tile work. He stops to listen to the sound of the working fountain and, as if hit by a wave of nostalgia, he slowly approaches the water stream. And as Jimmy touches the wat his eyes fill up with tears.
2) 3) text: Standing on top of a sloped street, an elegant older man silver hair, adjusts his BINOCULARS, trying to get the sc down below, of Jimmy at the fountain, into focus. The friendly looking Frenchman in his early 60's is MICHE GAGNE. Next to him is TIAGO MIRANTE, a striking, young Portuguese guide.
4) 0) text: A traditional Portuguese bakery with glass shelves filled with the freshest, most delicious pastries. It’s all so f you can almost smell it. Behind the counter is LUCIANA, serving Jimmy, placing pastries in a takeaway box. Jimmy sipping an expresso.
4) 3) dialog: Well thank you very much. Another SALESWOMAN, standing next to Luciana, laughs at w she’s just heard.
4) 5) dialog: So nice to hear first thing in the morning! The Saleswoman laughs some more. Luciana blushes.
4) 7) dialog: I'll pretend I believe you.
4) 9) dialog: I have terrible allergies. If you want to know.
5) 0) text: Jimmy is walking out with his box of pastries when he run into Michel and Tiago.
5) 2) dialog: “I'd woken early, and I took a long time getting ready to exist.” Michel isn’t sure he understands.
5) 6) dialog: Queijadas anyone? Or a pastel?
5) 8) dialog: She's good, thanks. Fine.
5) 10) dialog: I’m here in this magical town with the people I love most. I have no right to complain, do I?
9) 1) text: Ilene is by the “Engagement Fountain.” She reaches out, cupping her hand and, thirsty, drinks a few sips of the water. Paul, carrying his bouquet of flowers, passes by as Ilene drinking the water. They don’t see each other. Ilene sits on the little bench that surrounds the Fountai with her bag, and Gary’s, next to her. She refreshes hers splashing some cold fresh water on her neck, on her face. sits reading a Frommer's Portugal guide, waiting. 22. Ilene raises her eyes from her book, distracted, and recognizes someone on the street. Jimmy comes down on the other side of the street, carryin his little box of pastries.
9) 3) dialog: Can I help you?
9) 5) dialog: I’m not a local, but - What are you looking for?
9) 8) dialog: Ilene!
9) 10) dialog: Of course. I’m so sorry. What a small world to run into you here. How wonderful! He gives her a big hug.
9) 12) dialog: Frankie talks about you all the time. 23.
9) 14) dialog: Just the other day I was trying to remember the name of that restaurant you took us to last time we were in New York. I wanted to recommend it to a friend.
9) 16) dialog: It was a classic American steak house. Very good.
9) 18) dialog: Yes, that was it. Amazing.
9) 20) dialog: I loved that mutton chop. But was that the last time we saw you? I thought maybe in London, also?
9) 22) dialog: And now, “lo, Cintra’s glorious Eden intervenes!”
9) 24) dialog: “Lo! Cintra's glorious Eden intervenes In variegated maze of mount and glen. Ah me! what hand can pencil guide, or pen, To follow half on which the eye dilates Through views more dazzling unto mortal ken Than those whereof such things the bard relates, Who to the awe-struck world unlocked Elysium's gates?”
9) 26) dialog: Oh, I wouldn’t know anything about him except I had to memorize that poem for my Leaving Certificate. He seems to have been everywhere, though. Every town in Europe seems to claim him. And he had scandalous affairs in each stop. In Greece, they consider him a national hero. As boys, we thought his stuff was very sexy to read, believe it or not. Really romantic.
9) 28) dialog: Well, he did die very young.
9) 30) dialog: Oh, I don’t know. It’s easy to say life is wonderful when you go from one adventure to another, but Byron suffered quite a lot. Anyway, that’s not reality for most people. (MORE )
9) 32) dialog: Certainly not for me. I think that to try and find beauty in everyday life, when you might think that things are dragging on... that is kind of better. The most difficult, but the most rewarding, maybe. Jimmy pauses. Ilene looks into his eyes, taking in his po of view, reflecting. Then she smiles.
9) 33) dialog: What are you doing here?
9) 35) dialog: No, I- Gary approaches, as Jimmy and Ilene continue their conversation.
9) 37) dialog: Star Wars??
9) 39) dialog: I’m sure. I didn’t mean, I’m sorry.
9) 41) dialog: Does that mean Chewbacca is going to have a new hairdo? Ilene laughs. Gary steps in.
9) 45) dialog: Ok. Jimmy isn’t sure if that’s supposed to be funny, but he understands that this is Ilene’s friend, so they shake ha
9) 47) dialog: Uh hum. On the other side of the street, Michel observes the scen quietly, with Tiago next to him, smoking a cigarette.
9) 51) dialog: I know I am.
9) 55) dialog: Michel, this is Ilene, a good friend of Frankie’s from New York, and this is... He can’t remember Gary’s name, so Gary steps in.
9) 58) dialog: Paul’s dad.
9) 71) dialog: Would you like a pastry?
9) 73) dialog: It’s nice to see a woman in the movie business who will eat a pastry.
9) 75) dialog: This place is really something. You're going to love it. Ilene takes a first bite of pastry.
11) 0) text: Frankie and Jimmy walk through another area of the garden Frankie carries the box of pastries, biting with delight queijada.
11) 2) dialog: She looks great. Better. How long ago was that film?
11) 4) dialog: She was too skinny when we were in New York.
11) 6) dialog: She just looks more mature.
11) 8) dialog: What?
11) 10) dialog: Oh, I don’t know.
11) 12) dialog: What are you talking about?
11) 14) dialog: Oh Jesus, Frankie.
11) 16) dialog: You invited her! This is all...
11) 18) dialog: Christ, Frankie. You’re playing Cupid again. 34.
11) 20) dialog: Don’t let the kids find out that this was your idea. They’d go mad. This was supposed to be a family trip.
11) 22) dialog: You come up with these crazy scenarios in your head. You think you can manipulate everything.
11) 25) dialog: Well.
11) 27) dialog: I have news for you, darling.
11) 29) dialog: Ilene brought a friend.
11) 31) dialog: Oh yes, Ilene is accompanied by Gary, I believe that’s his name, a friend who looks very much like her boyfriend, if you want to know my opinion. 16 35.
11) 33) dialog: Quel surprise. Jimmy throws his arm around upset Frankie, and gives her kiss: he loves her, machinations and everything.
11) 35) dialog: Come, let’s go. I want to take you to a place I’ve read about. She pulls away from him.
11) 37) dialog: There’s more than enough time, love. We'll get there.
11) 39) dialog: Don’t get melodramatic on me. Just come on, no complaining. Jimmy takes her hand, and they walk down the path togethe
15) 8) dialog: I told you!
15) 23) dialog: Frankie! A thought disturbs Frankie; she stops midway and turns ba to respond to Jimmy and Michel.
15) 26) dialog: (to Michel) Leave it. it’s the Michel puts his hands in prayer, imploring.
17) 0) text: Inside the simple church, Michel is sitting, his eyes clo in prayer, in front of the small statue of a Saint. Jimmy stands in the rear of the church, watching Michel. takes hold of the back of a bench, uncomfortable. 22 47.
18) 1) dialog: You don’t really believe in all this, do you? Tiago smiles.
18) 3) dialog: I guess that’s right. Tiago pulls out a pack of cigarettes.
18) 5) dialog: Not at all. Tiago offers one from the pack to Jimmy.
18) 6) dialog: No, no, thank you. Tiago lights up, and they stand together, quietly.
18) 7) dialog: Are you married, Tiago?
18) 9) dialog: I see. You’re separated then?
18) 11) dialog: I imagine that can be difficult.
18) 15) dialog: Hmm.
23) 1) text: Michel and Jimmy walk through a sunny area in the park, i the middle of a conversation.
23) 3) dialog: You always were a good Catholic. 56.
23) 6) dialog: Oh yes.
23) 8) dialog: I don’t think so.
23) 10) dialog: That’s not very sexy, is it? A woman wants to feel desired, not needed for survival.
23) 12) dialog: That must have felt good. 57.
23) 14) dialog: I remember the day you called to tell Frankie.
23) 16) dialog: That was not a performance. I was there.
23) 18) dialog: She didn’t.
23) 20) dialog: She told me she never knew, which means that your performance must have been very convincing. You should have got the Oscar. Michel laughs, then continues.
23) 22) dialog: She’s still very worried about Paul, but not because of you. She can’t see him as anything but a small child in need of constant guidance and protection. Kids have to be left to find their own path. Certainly my daughter has. Sylvia never looked at me for any direction, even when she was a little girl. 58. They pause. A quiet moment of reflection between them.
23) 23) dialog: I liked Thierry, by the way. I really did. What happened?
23) 25) dialog: I know that. They approach a small chapel, where Tiago is waiting for them. He steps forward, and greets the two men with his p expertise.
23) 28) dialog: Please.
23) 30) dialog: Michel.
23) 32) dialog: I don’t know what “after Frankie” means. There’s no “after Frankie” for me. There’s some tension, and Tiago feels it might be better leave the two men alone. 28 59.
23) 36) dialog: (to Michel) No. You go. I'll catch up with you later.
33) 18) text: In her hotel room, Frankie is sleeping. Her pale white sk barely covering the veins below, she looks fragile, vulnerable, and so different than she has throughout. Jimmy sits in a chair by the bed, watching her closely, listening to every movement, every breath. After a long moment, he stands, and starts to take off hi clothes. He carefully hangs his pants on the back of a ch then his shirt on a hanger. He goes to the bed, and gets in beside Frankie. Then he turns, and puts his arms around her. She feels his body close to hers, and turns towards him. They start to make love, quietly, passionately.
36) 1) text: The grand library with an old piano in its center, where Frankie is playing music she knows so well. A CLEANING LADY from the hotel, walks by carrying a bag f of laundry. Frankie smiles, but the lady lowers her head, and discreet. Jimmy enters, and stays by the door frame, admiring the scene, as Frankie continues to play. Her hands glide through the different keys with the ease someone who’s trained, but not a professional. She makes slight mistake, but keeps going, as Jimmy comes to sit ne to her on the stool. She moves a bit to give him space.
36) 2) dialog: Beautiful. Frankie looks into his eyes, as she keeps playing, and se that he’s actually crying, under a forced smile.
36) 3) dialog: I’m sorry.
36) 5) dialog: Yes. The song comes to a natural end, and Frankie reaches to c the piano, but Jimmy stops her.
36) 6) dialog: How about one more.
43) 0) text: Ilene walks beside a long wooden rail covered in moss of various tones, going up the hill, creating a dirt path. As she enters the canyon, Ilene runs into Jimmy, surround by magnificent rocks in this mostly desolate area. The wi is constantly blowing, and a mist has started to form.
43) 2) dialog: Beyond recovered.
43) 4) dialog: Yes, I know. It’s wonderful... and complicated.
43) 6) dialog: You know, people seldom say “no” to Frankie.
43) 8) dialog: She wasn't expecting you’d show up with a boyfriend.
43) 11) dialog: And?
43) 13) dialog: Poor Gary.
43) 15) dialog: You must do as you feel.
43) 17) dialog: No, just me.
43) 19) dialog: Careful there. If you’re old, what am I.
43) 21) dialog: Is that right? 99.
43) 23) dialog: Really?
43) 25) dialog: You know, maybe you need a change. Take some time off. Travel.
43) 28) dialog: Not Keen’s!
43) 30) dialog: Why not? Ilene laughs again. It feels good to talk honestly.
43) 34) dialog: When will you be there?
43) 36) dialog: Please, let me know. I’d love to show you around. Ilene stands still, and hugs herself, tightening her sweatshirt around her shoulders, protecting against the w She turns to Jimmy, who is now face to face with her.
43) 38) dialog: I know. I get it now why people say that Sintra is the place where winter goes to spend the summer. Ilene laughs.
43) 40) dialog: Here take this...
43) 42) dialog: wees I can’t watch you shaking like that....
43) 44) dialog: wees I could be held responsible if something happens to you. (MORE )
43) 46) dialog: Even if this will be a touch big for you, it will at least keep you warm. He puts the jacket over her shoulders, and she wraps it around herself. They stand silently for a moment.
43) 47) dialog: Shall we continue up, and see if the others have arrived?
44) 0) text: On top of the hill, Frankie moves slowly along a terrace outside the abandoned sanctuary, a yellow building with crumbling walls. The wind blows and a mist surrounds her, she walks along. But Frankie is paying no attention to nature. Instead, she is observing the scene taking place below. FRANKIE’S POV: Frankie sees Jimmy and Ilene. They look go together, and there’s a lightness in Jimmy we haven’t see before. The wind blows a strong gust, and Frankie has to hold the fragile wooden rail hard. FRANKIE’S POV: Jimmy takes his jacket off, and puts it ov Ilene’s shoulders. She is an unexpected witness to this gentle action, and t future that it might herald.
48) 0) text: Frankie walks outside the chapel, and onto a rocky pastur The wind blasts and a cloud blows intermittently against sky. She tightens up her jacket, protecting herself again sudden chill. She walks ahead, to the edge of the cliff in front of her and the long drop below. 103. Frankie looks out to the sea. Time stops for long moment. And then she turns to see what’s behind her. Coming to meet her from different directions are Jimmy an Ilene, and Paul. Not far are Ian and Sylvia, with Maya be them. In the rear is Michel, with Tiago helping him navig the rocks and the climb. And then, as if always, Jimmy is beside Frankie. He puts arm around her. She feels his presence, his body, his wei and then -- before the others have even fully arrived to the view -- Frankie is ready to go, ready to continue.