3) 5) dialog: (British accent) There’s people in the hotel, you know.
3) 7) dialog: They can take pictures.
8) 7) dialog: Mom? Maya, in shorts and a T-shirt, carries a backpack, ready a day out.
8) 8) dialog: What are you doing?
8) 10) dialog: Is this about the flat?
8) 12) dialog: ‘Cause you look all sneaky there. I downloaded WhatsApp for you. You can just use an internet connection, you don’t need a phone line.
8) 14) dialog: Dad was asking if I knew anything about a flat.
8) 16) dialog: Not much.
8) 18) dialog: I said I didn’t know.
8) 20) dialog: No, it’s not good! 19. Maya walks away, towards another part of the garden, wher she has left her books and papers on a large stone table. begins to pack her things, when Sylvia joins her.
8) 22) dialog: What?
8) 24) dialog: You're insane.
8) 26) dialog: Why not? You tell me lying is the worst thing I could do, ever, and then you ask me to lie for you!
8) 28) dialog: Don’t you think he knows when I’m lying? (almost crying) You always make me do this!
8) 30) dialog: Oh, please, Sylvia! I can’t see how your moving out won’t make us more unhappy!
8) 32) dialog: Mother or best friend? Which one is it?
8) 34) dialog: Can I have some euros, please?
8) 36) dialog: Just twenty. Twenty euros.
8) 38) dialog: I want to be independent today. Sylvia reaches in her pocket.
8) 40) dialog: Thank you. Maya walks away. Fast. She leaves the courtyard and heads the road outside the Quinta. Sylvia catches up with her, calls out.
8) 42) dialog: (calling out to Sylvia behind her) (MORE )
8) 44) dialog: It’s not independence day if I tell you. Maya continues, and Sylvia puts her foot down.
8) 47) dialog: What’s that?
8) 49) dialog: I can’t promise. Maya turns and continues on.
8) 51) dialog: Fuck Frankie! She’s not even my grandmother. Sylvia can’t hear her. She’s already far away.
14) 0) text: The tram is in motion, and Maya is sitting inside, writin a small notebook. She finishes a sentence and looks out, seeing the small town pass by. 39. Maya goes back to her notebook, trying to concentrate aga when she’s interrupted by a couple of Portuguese boys, PE and BENTO, a bit older, around 16 years old, who are sitt behind her. Pedro leans in.
14) 2) dialog: (hard Portuguese accent) Desculpa, eu nao falo...
14) 4) dialog: Eu nao falo portugues. They laugh.
14) 6) dialog: Oh, it’s nothing.
14) 8) dialog: I am. She turns around, and looks at them. She sees that they c boogie boards with them.
14) 9) dialog: I take it this is the right direction.
14) 11) dialog: I’m from England, the East Midlands, but my family moved to London last year. You?
14) 14) dialog: Sort of.
14) 16) dialog: Hey, can I rent a boogie board on the beach? Pedro gets up and comes to sit next to Maya.
14) 18) dialog: No, that’s okay.
14) 21) dialog: Never.
14) 23) dialog: Are there a lot of apple trees there?
14) 25) dialog: No. 19 41.
14) 27) dialog: The Adam and Eve apple?
14) 29) dialog: That’s insane. They laugh.
20) 0) text: A few SURFERS float lazily on top of their boards in the As a wave rises, Pedro swims with fast strokes in order t ride it. As the surf breaks, Pedro picks up speed with hi board, conquering the wave and gracefully riding it all t way to the sand. Maya sits on a towel on the white sand scribbling in her notebook. 25 51. She raises her eyes, and sees Pedro, his face, hair and b dripping sea water. He tucks the boogie board into the sa in front of Maya.
25) 0) text: The cliffs at the end of the beach. Maya, wearing only a T-shirt over her wet beach clothes, hikes/climbs the tric part of a ledge. She places one foot on a rock, while one hand tries to hold on to a higher mark on the ledge. She makes sure the one foot is firm on the rock, while lookin for a safe step for the other foot. She climbs up for a second, but not sure of her next step, strides back down. That’s when a helping hand enters frame. Pedro extends his arm and pulls Maya up. As she climbs, s steps with the wrong foot, and falls into his arms, clums They smile, a bit disconcerted. Maya and Pedro walk hand in hand on this rocky path high at the end of the beach. They are away but not far from t sand, surrounded by the ocean. They stop to look at the v the long golden sand beach, and on the other end, a rocky cliff crowned with small, charming white houses, typical Portuguese.
25) 1) dialog: Is that still Sintra?
25) 3) dialog: It’s so pretty.
25) 6) dialog: And then what happened. 64.
25) 10) dialog: It’s okay. If you'd like.
25) 13) dialog: (laughing) But I’m still here.
35) 0) text: It’s still bright on the beach, but the sunlight is more gentle, casting long shadows as it approaches the horizon Some seagulls fly above the surf, only to dive in head on hunting for fish. On the sand, only a few groups of famil or friends, not as crowded as before. 4l 93. Maya and Pedro come walking along the surf, side by side. They don’t hold hands, but walk very close to each other, silence, watching the waves break. Each is very aware of other’s body next to them; as Maya’s arm swings, it gentl rubs Pedro's, and she prolongs the moment, feeling his sk against hers, extending a finger so it can hold his finge for a brief moment, playfully, romantic. Pedro looks at Maya, as they continue their stroll on the sand, too self conscious to hold hands, but full of desir EXT. PRAIA DAS MACAS/BEACH - DAY 4l A GROUP OF EIGHT BOYS and TWO GIRLS sit in a circle on th sand, with towels, backpacks, beer bottles and cigarettes scattered all around. All attention is on Bento, Pedro’s buddy from the tram, who reads from a notebook.
35) 5) dialog: What are you doing?? Caught by surprise, Bento tosses the book to another frie and this friend to another. Maya runs around, trying to grab it from them.
38) 0) text: Maya runs through the streets of the small beach town.
40) 0) text: Sitting on the tram, Maya is lost in her own thoughts, of beach, and the day, behind her.
42) 0) text: The tram makes its way back into the city of Sintra. INSIDE THE TRAM: Maya sits on the aisle, looking at sight MAYA’S POV FROM THE TRAM: The little center of town has b taken over by TOURISTS and BUSES, its cafés and gift shop filled with people from all over the world. Ian is coming around the corner towards the final Tram St 50 97. INSIDE THE TRAM: Some people start to get up and gather t things. Maya recognizes someone on the street, and waves. Ian waves, but notices that Maya is waving at someone els He looks in that direction, and sees Sylvia coming his wa She waves to Maya. Ian and Sylvia, husband and wife, meet, and wait together the tram to come to a stop. Maya steps off, and onto the platform. She embraces her mother so tightly, that Sylvia is a little thrown.
48) 0) text: Frankie walks outside the chapel, and onto a rocky pastur The wind blasts and a cloud blows intermittently against sky. She tightens up her jacket, protecting herself again sudden chill. She walks ahead, to the edge of the cliff in front of her and the long drop below. 103. Frankie looks out to the sea. Time stops for long moment. And then she turns to see what’s behind her. Coming to meet her from different directions are Jimmy an Ilene, and Paul. Not far are Ian and Sylvia, with Maya be them. In the rear is Michel, with Tiago helping him navig the rocks and the climb. And then, as if always, Jimmy is beside Frankie. He puts arm around her. She feels his presence, his body, his wei and then -- before the others have even fully arrived to the view -- Frankie is ready to go, ready to continue.