14) 0) text: The tram is in motion, and Maya is sitting inside, writin a small notebook. She finishes a sentence and looks out, seeing the small town pass by. 39. Maya goes back to her notebook, trying to concentrate aga when she’s interrupted by a couple of Portuguese boys, PE and BENTO, a bit older, around 16 years old, who are sitt behind her. Pedro leans in.
14) 1) dialog: O que voce esta escrevendo?
14) 3) dialog: Yes, you do. You speak very well. Maya is able to understand that he’s playing with her, an makes a bigger effort.
14) 5) dialog: I see. That’s ok. What are you writing?
14) 7) dialog: Are you going to the beach?
14) 10) dialog: Where are you from?
14) 12) dialog: I’m from Porto, a few hours to the North. Bento here is from Sintra. 40.
14) 17) dialog: No. But you can use mine.
14) 19) dialog: Bento has one too. We can take turns.
14) 22) dialog: Oh, you’re going to love it. I can’t wait for you to see it. It’s the most beautiful beach. Praia das Magas. Beach of the Apples.
14) 24) dialog: None. It’s called “Apple Beach” because of the apple in the Bible, you know?
14) 26) dialog: In Paradise. The temptation. The original sin.
14) 30) dialog: We are a very Catholic country, you know.
20) 0) text: A few SURFERS float lazily on top of their boards in the As a wave rises, Pedro swims with fast strokes in order t ride it. As the surf breaks, Pedro picks up speed with hi board, conquering the wave and gracefully riding it all t way to the sand. Maya sits on a towel on the white sand scribbling in her notebook. 25 51. She raises her eyes, and sees Pedro, his face, hair and b dripping sea water. He tucks the boogie board into the sa in front of Maya.
25) 0) text: The cliffs at the end of the beach. Maya, wearing only a T-shirt over her wet beach clothes, hikes/climbs the tric part of a ledge. She places one foot on a rock, while one hand tries to hold on to a higher mark on the ledge. She makes sure the one foot is firm on the rock, while lookin for a safe step for the other foot. She climbs up for a second, but not sure of her next step, strides back down. That’s when a helping hand enters frame. Pedro extends his arm and pulls Maya up. As she climbs, s steps with the wrong foot, and falls into his arms, clums They smile, a bit disconcerted. Maya and Pedro walk hand in hand on this rocky path high at the end of the beach. They are away but not far from t sand, surrounded by the ocean. They stop to look at the v the long golden sand beach, and on the other end, a rocky cliff crowned with small, charming white houses, typical Portuguese.
25) 2) dialog: That’s Colares, actually.
25) 4) dialog: I knew you would like it. If you like, I can buy you a postcard. Maya faces the view, breathing in the moment. Pedro comes from behind, and puts his arms around her. She holds his arms, welcoming the gesture.
25) 5) dialog: I used to come here with my parents and my sister every summer. My whole life, until I was thirteen.
25) 7) dialog: My parents got divorced. My vacations were divided between time with Mom, then time with Dad, and there was no time left for this Apple Beach anymore. A SEAGULL flies overhead, and dives into the water. A wav crashes in the ocean down below.
25) 8) dialog: But then I met Bento in Lisboa last year. We played football against each other in a national tournament. His school won, but we became friends after, and he invited me to visit him in Sintra. Pedro turns Maya around. They’re face to face, and she gi him a kiss. Pedro smiles, happily surprised, and soon aft they kiss again, this time a long, slow one, both discove the pleasure of each other’s mouths.
25) 9) dialog: I have a confession. The real story of this Apple Beach has nothing to do with Adam and Eve. I’m sorry. Can I tell you?
25) 11) dialog: They say that the Ribeira River, over there, used to carry down apples from the farms in Colares all the way to the coast, and they would end on the beach down here. But the thing is, I’ve never seen one single apple tree in Colares, so I don’t believe this story. There aren't any apple farms in Colares. For Maya, he talks too much. She kisses him again. After another long moment, he pulls away, and looks at he with near wonder.
25) 12) dialog: When can I see you again? 30
25) 14) dialog: 
35) 0) text: It’s still bright on the beach, but the sunlight is more gentle, casting long shadows as it approaches the horizon Some seagulls fly above the surf, only to dive in head on hunting for fish. On the sand, only a few groups of famil or friends, not as crowded as before. 4l 93. Maya and Pedro come walking along the surf, side by side. They don’t hold hands, but walk very close to each other, silence, watching the waves break. Each is very aware of other’s body next to them; as Maya’s arm swings, it gentl rubs Pedro's, and she prolongs the moment, feeling his sk against hers, extending a finger so it can hold his finge for a brief moment, playfully, romantic. Pedro looks at Maya, as they continue their stroll on the sand, too self conscious to hold hands, but full of desir EXT. PRAIA DAS MACAS/BEACH - DAY 4l A GROUP OF EIGHT BOYS and TWO GIRLS sit in a circle on th sand, with towels, backpacks, beer bottles and cigarettes scattered all around. All attention is on Bento, Pedro’s buddy from the tram, who reads from a notebook.
35) 6) dialog: (in Portuguese) Stop it! Guys! When one of the BOYS plays with Maya, swinging the book around her face like bait, and then tossing it away to another friend, the unexpected happens: Maya pushes the b hard, and he falls to the sand. Maya dives ready to fight some more. It’s a complete surprise, and the boys try to hold her back. Some of them laugh. Pedro gets into the mix, and a fight amongst them ensues. There’s a scream, and laughter, punches and sand throwing around. The book falls on the sand, and Maya immediately grabs it She then grabs her backpack and walks away. Pedro pushes of the boys who continues to laugh, and they fight on the sand. Through an arm lock from the boy, he sees Maya goin away.
35) 7) dialog: Maya! INT. QUINTA DE SAO THIAGO/FRANKIE & JIMMY’S SUITE - DAY 4 Jimmy is lying on the bed, his eyes closed. In the distan a piano plays softly. Jimmy opens his eyes, listening to music. 43 95.