2) 2) dialog: We call that Fonte dos Noivados - The Engagement Fountain.
2) 3) text: Standing on top of a sloped street, an elegant older man silver hair, adjusts his BINOCULARS, trying to get the sc down below, of Jimmy at the fountain, into focus. The friendly looking Frenchman in his early 60's is MICHE GAGNE. Next to him is TIAGO MIRANTE, a striking, young Portuguese guide.
2) 4) dialog: The tile work is from the late 18th Century, from the reign of Dona Maria I. At that time, unmarried girls would come from all over the region to drink from this ancient fountain. They’d do this pilgrimage because there was a belief that the waters would help them find a good husband. Michel lets his binoculars fall to his chest, and hang fr their straps.
2) 6) dialog: They say so.
5) 0) text: Jimmy is walking out with his box of pastries when he run into Michel and Tiago.
5) 12) dialog: Certainly. The three men smile at each other awkwardly. INT. QUINTA DE SAO THIAGO/FRANKIE & JIMMY’S SUITE - DAY 9 Frankie, already dressed, her hair still wet, goes to the dresser and picks up a cardigan sweater.
9) 64) dialog: Where are you trying to go?
9) 67) dialog: Boiga (has an ‘s’ sound). Not Boica.
9) 70) dialog: Follow me. Gary and Michel, carrying the bags, follow Tiago. Jimmy seems to suddenly realize that he’s holding a box o pastries, and offers one to Ilene.
15) 1) dialog: Many, many years ago, at a time when the Barbarians dominated Portugal, there lived in Sintra a princess named Eufemia, who fell in love with a nice country boy. Carlinhos runs up the road, to an open area where the qua Church of Santa Eufemia is built.
15) 2) dialog: Her father the King was a very tough, conservative man, and wouldn't allow the relationship with a commoner, so they had to stop seeing each other once and for all. Carlinhos looks at the simple church, white, with a coupl small green windows, the image of a female saint on tiles the side, and a cross at the very top. It’s strikingly beautiful in its simplicity. CARLINHOS’S MOTHER (0O.S.) Carlinhos!! Volta!! Carlinhos runs back towards his mother. We get closer to church, where Michel is standing outside, next to Tiago. 42. The back part of the church is all constructed in stone, old, with a garden and another small building in the same style.
15) 3) dialog: One day, the princess ran into the boy’s mother, who told her that the boy had been struck with a very painful, debilitating skin disease. The princess -—
15) 10) dialog: Bonjour, Senhora. I was telling them that during the time of the Barbarians--
15) 14) dialog: The disease spread 43.
15) 17) dialog: No. Not immediately. He felt better slowly. It took him days. Arms first, then the legs, the face and then--; the whole body. It was a miracle.
15) 19) dialog: They do, because the water is said to cure people of all maladies. Frankie knows what is going on in their minds.
18) 0) text: Tiago stands at the side of the church, checking his phon
18) 2) dialog: I don’t know, Senhor. Whatever helps can’t hurt you.
18) 4) dialog: You mind?
18) 8) dialog: Yes, I am. I have a wife and a son. They live in Braga, in the North.
18) 10) dialog: No, no, no. Just for five months a year. I come down here for the tourist season.
18) 12) dialog: To be honest, it is. It’s very hard. My wife, she’s like my police. (MORE )
18) 14) dialog: I love her, but she doesn’t even like me sitting next to another woman. You can imagine what it’s like when I’m here in Sintra.
18) 16) dialog: That's why I look so tired today. I went out to dinner with a friend last night, another guide, and when I called my wife later to say “goodnight, I love you”, she already knew where I’d been, what I drank, and who else was at the restaurant. It was incredible. We stayed up for hours on the phone, which is not good for my business. I have to be alert, and the days are not short, you know? Tiago takes a long drag.
18) 17) dialog: Sometimes I don’t even know why I stay married. Jimmy just looks at Tiago. He doesn’t know how to respond
18) 18) dialog: I’m sorry, Seflor. It’s not to bother you. I am good. I am fine. Shall we move on? I will go see about your friend now, make sure we didn’t lose him. This is not really a place for tourists, and it’s quite difficult to find the spot of the “miraculous waters.” Tiago walks away, leaving Jimmy alone with his thoughts.
23) 26) dialog: The Capela Manuelina was built by Jeronimo monks in the sixteenth century. This used to be a sacred space for meditation and reclusi--
23) 33) dialog: I’m going to talk to the guards, and see if we can get inside.
34) 5) dialog: Peninha.
34) 7) dialog: It’s this way. Tiago and Michel take the turn, but Paul hesitates behind
47) 1) text: We see a small chapel perched on top of the hillside. Frankie is inside, an abandoned ruin made of stone walls wooden floors. Instead of doors and windows, just their g between walls. It’s dark, quiet and there’s nothing to see, like a death chamber. Frankie touches the walls, feeling the rock, and listening to her own footsteps. She sees a stream of wate running down the old wall. She extends her hand, and feel the water on her skin. Outside, a few clouds fly by against the still blue sky, taken by strong winds. Frankie hears a sound, and in the rear of the chapel, alm in darkness, she sees Tiago, with his cell phone and a li cigarette. He and Frankie look at each other for a moment, warily, a then Frankie starts moving slowly, leaving the Sanctuary, heading towards the light outside.
48) 0) text: Frankie walks outside the chapel, and onto a rocky pastur The wind blasts and a cloud blows intermittently against sky. She tightens up her jacket, protecting herself again sudden chill. She walks ahead, to the edge of the cliff in front of her and the long drop below. 103. Frankie looks out to the sea. Time stops for long moment. And then she turns to see what’s behind her. Coming to meet her from different directions are Jimmy an Ilene, and Paul. Not far are Ian and Sylvia, with Maya be them. In the rear is Michel, with Tiago helping him navig the rocks and the climb. And then, as if always, Jimmy is beside Frankie. He puts arm around her. She feels his presence, his body, his wei and then -- before the others have even fully arrived to the view -- Frankie is ready to go, ready to continue.