15) 0) text: Theodore, carrying a bag and a smoothie, enters the lobby is greeted by a couple in their 30s, AMY and CHARLES, who waiting for the elevator. THEODORE
15) 1) text: Hey, you guys, how's it going? AMY
15) 3) text: Uh yeah, um, I guess cause I'm a kook? AMY
16) 4) dialog: (pleasant but firm)
16) 7) dialog: Maybe... Charles and Amy laugh awkwardly. Theodore tries to break tension.
16) 11) dialog: I have a little bit cut together but I haven't touched it in a few months.
16) 15) dialog: I would laugh if that weren't true. Charles laughs awkwardly. The elevator doors open.
18) 0) text: Theodore is sitting on Amy's couch. AMY
18) 2) text: Obviously, I know. AMY
18) 3) text: Okay, but I don't even know if this is the one. I've tried like six ideas for documentaries in the last year, but... I don't know. Whatever. Amy starts setting up the monitor.
18) 7) dialog: What!? That's-- Charles walks in holding a mug.
18) 10) dialog: Theo's forcing me to show him some of the footage I've shot.
18) 14) dialog: This is so unformed it's not even worth looking at.
19) 0) text: Amy's mother sleeps.
20) 5) dialog: (presses stop, annoyed)
20) 9) dialog: It might, but then it wouldn't be a documentary. You understand that, right? Just then, Theodore's device chimes.
20) 17) text: Hold on a second. (to Amy, distracted) Amy, I'm sorry, I wanna talk more about this, but I gotta grab this - it's a Catherine thing. AMY
39) 0) text: Close on Amy entering the lobby in the foreground. She lo heavy and burdened. Theodore enters the lobby behind her.
39) 4) dialog: (putting on a bright face)
39) 7) dialog: Really? Great. The elevator doors open and they step in.
40) 2) dialog: Oh, I'm glad to hear that, Theo. You deserve to. Beat of Theodore trying to contain his excitement.
40) 4) dialog: That's really great, Theo. Amy smiles, but looks a little sad. Theodore notices.
40) 6) dialog: Yeah, I'm fine. (beat)
40) 11) dialog: (trying to hide her emotions with a smile)
40) 14) text: What? Really? Oh my god, I'm so sorry. Amy doesn't know what to say.
41) 0) text: Amy and Theodore sit, talking somberly.
41) 1) dialog: I cannot believe after eight years how petty the argument was that actually ended it. We came home and he asked me if I'd put my shoes next to the door where he likes to put the shoes. I don't want to be told where to put my shoes. I want to just sit on the sofa for a minute and relax. And so we argued for ten minutes about that and about how he's just trying to make our house a home. I say he's overwhelming, he says I'm not trying hard enough. I say that's all I'm doing is trying, but I'm just not trying the way he wants me to. He's trying to control the way I'm trying. And I think we must have had this argument hundreds of times before and I finally had to stop because I couldn't be in that situation anymore where we were making each other feel bad about ourselves. So I said I'm going to bed and I don't want to be married anymore.
41) 3) dialog: I'm a bitch, huh?
41) 7) dialog: Oh shit. I have to work tonight. We're shipping a beta of a new game out tomorrow.
41) 9) dialog: No, it's terrible. I know I should leave, I've been thinking about leaving. But you know, only one major life decision at a time.
42) 8) text: I was curious, did you and Amy ever go out?
44) 0) text: Close on a video game on a screen. There's a mom rushing get her kids fed, getting points deducted for feeding the sugar cereal and non-organic eggs. Cut out to reveal Theo playing the game as Amy eats lunch at an editing console. THEODORE
44) 1) text: Oh, what happened? AMY
44) 4) dialog: They're freaking out. (beat) Here look, you gotta get the kids to the school first. See you wanna rack up perfect mom points. You gotta get them in the car pool lane. Onscreen, the mom hurries the kids to their car safety se and drives them to school, arriving before anyone else. THEODORE
44) 5) text: I see. AMY
44) 10) dialog: Oh, did you bring cupcakes? You did. You're class mom. You're class mom! Good job.
44) 12) dialog: Don't let it get to your head.
44) 14) dialog: Yeah, for six months. He said he is feeling very clear about it. She pulls up a photo of Charles on her computer. He's in monastery - his head is shaved, and he's wearing robes.
44) 15) dialog: (sighing)
44) 18) dialog: I feel like an awful person, but I wanna say something...
44) 21) dialog: (smiling)
44) 29) dialog: Exactly. (beat) So fuck it. I feel good. Ish. For me, I feel good. I even made a new friend, I have a new friend. And the absurd thing is she's actually an operating system. Charles left her behind, but she's totally amazing, you know. She's so smart. She doesn't see things only in black and white. She sees this whole gray area and she's really helping me explore it. You know, we bonded really quickly and at first I thought it was because she was programmed to be that way, but I don't think that's how they work. There's this guy I know who keeps hitting on his and getting rebuffed. THEODORE
44) 31) dialog: Yeah? Well, there's this woman in my office who's dating an OS and the weird thing is, it's not even hers. She pursued him and he's somebody else's OS. (beat) It's just so, like, weird, that I'm bonding with an OS. Is that weird? THEODORE
44) 35) dialog: Really? You're dating an OS? What's that like? THEODORE
44) 36) text: Actually, it's great. I feel really close to her. When I talk to her I feel like she's with me. I don't know, even when we're cuddling, like at night when we're in bed and the lights are off, I feel cuddled. AMY
44) 41) dialog: What? (beat) Are you falling in love with her? THEODORE
44) 42) text: (excited, but hesitant) Does that make me a freak? AMY
56) 0) text: Amy's sitting at her desk, but turned away from her edit station, facing Theodore, who's slumped in a chair.
56) 5) dialog: (sympathetic, but also acknowledging how intense the night was)
56) 10) dialog: Well, I don't know if that's completely fair. I know she liked to put it all on you, but as far as emotions go, her's were pretty volatile. Theodore sits and thinks about this for a minute, not convinced.
56) 12) dialog: (surprised)
57) 0) text: Theodore lies on a couch in the back of Amy's office, dee thought. Amy talks with Ellie as she works on the Perfect video game. Her device is standing on the table before he AMY
57) 1) text: I can't believe that cracks you up every time! Ellie, I thought you were a genius... Okay, you little perv, I'll do it one more time for you... Calm down, it takes a second! Calm down. Okay, here we go. Amy makes the Perfect Mom hump the refrigerator. Amy laug at how much Ellie is laughing. Theo watches Amy closely, taking in her joy. AMY (CONT'D)
57) 2) text: Okay, there you go. Are you happy now...? Okay good, that's all I wanted. I'm gonna grab some coffee... Alright, bye. Theodore, still heavy with thought, is touched by his friend's happiness. Amy stands to exit. AMY (CONT'D)
59) 10) text: Montage of Theodore and Samantha's life together: - Theodore walking to work (Day) - At home, hanging out on the balcony (Dusk) - Viewing an outdoor art installation of a 747 balanced o it's nose (Day) - Playing the video game - Grocery shopping - Sitting at the kitchen counter, looking at a drawing (L Afternoon) - Sitting on a bench watching a dancer/busker (Late Afternoon) - With Amy and Ellie at a bar Montage ends with Theodore, Samantha, Paul and Tatiana on boat to Catalina: Paul making them laugh, Theodore at the front of the boat by himself - laughing with Samantha, a of Theodore looking out the front of the boat.
83) 1) dialog: Hey.
83) 3) dialog: Did Samantha leave, too?
83) 7) dialog: I'm sorry.
85) 0) text: Close on Theodore and what he sees and feels. His hand on cold metal hand rail. His bare feet and the sound they ma on the unfinished cement. Amy's hair as she's hit with wi when she opens the door to the outside.
86) 0) text: Theodore leads Amy onto the roof. The city is absolutely quiet. The sun isn't up yet. The city is just beginning t lit with the earliest morning blue/purple hue. They wander around the roof separately, lost in thought, taking in the city. He breathes in the cold morning air. stares at small details: a tattered inspection tag tied t water meter, flapping in the wind; a lone car driving dow boulevard ten blocks away; a dirty abandoned sock. Eventually he sits down next to Amy and she puts her hand his hand. He puts his other hand on top of her hand. He l at their hands together and rubs her skin with his thumb. looks out at the city and exhales. The sun is just starti to break. She puts her head on his shoulder. They watch a hundreds of birds fly around the nearby rooftops and disp off into the city.