10) 0) text: Theodore, younger, and CATHERINE (20s) move furniture in their bedroom. The bedroom is tiny and cluttered. It's obviously a couple's first apartment. Cut to: Theodore is on a tiny balcony. A few feet away, Catherine in bed.
10) 1) dialog: (sweet and cute) Rabbit. Come spoon me. Theodore, smiling, gets in bed and spoons her. Quick cut of her smile, to -- Theodore lays on the ground with Catherine on top of him. She's pretending to choke him.
10) 2) dialog: I'm gonna fucking kill you, I'm gonna fucking kill you! It's not funny, don't laugh. I love you so much I'm gonna fucking kill you!
20) 17) text: Hold on a second. (to Amy, distracted) Amy, I'm sorry, I wanna talk more about this, but I gotta grab this - it's a Catherine thing. AMY
21) 3) text: No, that's okay. I'll respond later. Theodore seems lost in thought. We see the following imag under the rest of the conversation: Theodore and Catherin sitting at a table with their attorneys; Theodore &amp; C sitting in their marriage counselor's office, heavy; Theo and Catherine at her laboratory, he's sitting on a counte and they're talking and laughing as she works; Theodore a Catherine standing in their kitchen in the middle of a fi he says something mean and we see how hurt she is. SAMANTHA
29) 22) text: Maybe more just cause I was lonely... and I wanted someone to fuck me. And I wanted someone to want me to fuck them. Maybe that would have filled this tiny little black hole in my heart for a moment. But probably not. We see images of him and Catherine on a vacation together grocery shopping, Catherine making dinner in the kitchen he's sitting on the counter talking, happy. THEODORE (CONT'D)
37) 2) text: Well, it's hard for sure, but there's something that feels so good about sharing your life with somebody. Cut to shots from Theodore's memory of Catherine doing a little dance for him as he's working at home. He smiles. SAMANTHA
46) 0) text: Theodore sits alone in the back of a quiet restaurant, a large stack of papers in front of him. We hear his breath He waits. Catherine, elegantly dressed, approaches. Theod stands to greet her. They hug and sit down.
46) 2) dialog: I'm good, how are you?
46) 4) dialog: (a little nervous, but trying to be warm.)
46) 7) dialog: Me too. I'm glad you suggested it.
46) 9) dialog: (with a sly smile)
46) 16) dialog: Oh, I may as well. We can get it out of the way. She opens the documents, pulls out a pen and starts to re She's about to start signing, but then stops. We can see filling with emotion, but not wanting to show Theodore. S swallows and recovers. She looks up at Theodore, giving h an "everything's fine" smile, but it's not.
47) 0) text: Theodore and Catherine are eating and talking.
47) 2) dialog: Oh, you know how I am. But I feel like it's true to what I set out to do. So I'm happy with that.
47) 4) dialog: Yeah, but everything makes you cry.
47) 6) dialog: So are you seeing anybody?
47) 10) dialog: Well, you seem good.
47) 12) dialog: (with a sliver of hurt)
47) 15) dialog: I always felt like you wished I could just be a happy, light, everything's great, bouncy L.A. wife. But that's not me.
47) 17) dialog: So what's she like?
47) 19) dialog: Wait. You're dating your computer?
47) 22) dialog: I didn't say that. (beat)
47) 27) text: They are real emotions. How do you know-- Theodore stops himself. CATHERINE
47) 29) text: How are you guys doing? CATHERINE
47) 31) text: Well, if you heard the conversation in context. What I was trying to say-- CATHERINE
47) 34) dialog: Thank you.
56) 9) text: Catherine says I can't handle real emotions.
58) 6) text: I know. I do that. I did that with Catherine, too. I'd be upset about something and not be able to say it. And she would sense that there was something wrong, but I would deny it. I don't want to do that anymore. I want to tell you everything. SAMANTHA