50) 28) text: I think it would be good for us. I want this. This is important to me. Theodore looks at a photo of Isabella who looks gorgeous in control, without an ounce of self-doubt.
51) 0) text: Theodore sits on the sofa alone, waiting. Dressed up, hai brushed, his device in his shirt pocket with lens facing There's a knock at the door. He answers it. ISABELLA stan there with a demure smile, wearing a tasteful, sexy dress THEODORE
51) 19) text: (sympathetic to him being a worrier) Come on Theodore, just play with me. Don't be such a worrier! Come on. He smiles, knowing it's true. Isabella climbs on his lap, straddling him, and starts kissing his neck. He closes hi eyes and starts to relax. His hands explore the shape of back and slide down to her ass. Isabella and Samantha are both breathing hard now. She pushes herself against him, grinding on him. She nibbles on his earlobe. Theodore gas SAMANTHA (CONT'D)
52) 0) text: Theodore stands behind Isabella.
52) 7) text: Yes. Isabella, breathing hard, now looks at him in the eyes.
52) 12) text: Tell me you love me. Tell me. He opens his eyes and looks at Isabella's sexy, expectant face. Their arms are still around each other. He sees Isabella's lips start to quiver. She tries to hide it wit awkward, seductive smile.
52) 18) text: It just feels strange. I don't know her. I'm so sorry, but I don't know you. And... her lip quivered. I don't know, it's just-- Isabella starts crying. Theodore doesn't know what to do.
52) 21) text: You're incredible and gorgeous and sexy. It was me! I couldn't get out of my head. ISABELLA
52) 23) text: Oh Isabella, that's not true, it's much more compli--
53) 0) text: Theodore walks to the street and hails a lone cab. He ope the door for Isabella. She hands him his jacket and gets the backseat. SAMANTHA
53) 1) text: You be good, you sweet girl. Isabella smiles. She takes out the earpiece and little ca and returns them to Theodore.
53) 2) dialog: (sadly) I'm sorry. (beat) I'll always love you guys. Theodore smiles sympathetically. He gives the cabbie some money and the cab drives off. Theodore sits down on the c exhausted. They are both silent for a moment, numb. SAMANTHA