1) 0) text: Theodore walks through the reception area. The office is almost empty except for him and the receptionist, PAUL. Theodore begins to scan each letter through a scanner on front desk, then puts them in the outgoing mailbox. Paul is sitting at a desk across the room, reading handwritten letters on a computer monitor.
1) 1) dialog: Theodore! Letter Writer 612.
1) 3) dialog: Even more mesmerizing stuff today. (re: letter on his screen) Who knew you could rhyme so many words with the name Penelope? Badass.
1) 5) dialog: (lighting up) Oh, thank you. I just got it. It reminded me of someone suave.
1) 7) dialog: Buh-bye.
38) 6) dialog: (emphatically)
38) 9) dialog: I wish someone loved me like that! I'd be stoked to get a letter like that. I mean, if it was from a chick. But if it was written by a dude, but from a chick, it would still be sick. But like a sensitive dude like you. You're part man and part woman, like an inner part woman.
38) 12) dialog: It's a compliment.
49) 0) text: Everyone has gone. Theodore walks through the empty offic into the reception area. He scans and drops his letters i the outgoing mailbox. Paul is at his reception desk with young, pretty, sophisticated girl sitting on his lap.
49) 1) dialog: Theodore!
49) 4) text: (not knowing what to say) Yeah. PAUL
49) 8) text: You're the writer Paul loves. He's always reading me your letters. They're really beautiful. Theodore's a little surprised by this.
49) 14) dialog: Cool. Let's go do something fun. You ever been to Catalina?
49) 19) dialog: What?
59) 10) text: Montage of Theodore and Samantha's life together: - Theodore walking to work (Day) - At home, hanging out on the balcony (Dusk) - Viewing an outdoor art installation of a 747 balanced o it's nose (Day) - Playing the video game - Grocery shopping - Sitting at the kitchen counter, looking at a drawing (L Afternoon) - Sitting on a bench watching a dancer/busker (Late Afternoon) - With Amy and Ellie at a bar Montage ends with Theodore, Samantha, Paul and Tatiana on boat to Catalina: Paul making them laugh, Theodore at the front of the boat by himself - laughing with Samantha, a of Theodore looking out the front of the boat.
60) 0) text: Theodore and Paul are walking along a bluff in Catalina, overlooking the ocean.
60) 3) dialog: Oh really, a vacation? That sounds amazing. I could totally use a vacation. Where ya going?
60) 5) dialog: What? For who? It's a surprise for her, not for me. Come on, tell me.
60) 14) dialog: See I told you, Tatiana. You have hot feet. Face it. They're my favorite thing about her.
60) 21) text: Nice try though, Paul. TATIANA
60) 24) text: (touched) Aw thanks, Theodore. PAUL
60) 27) dialog: Yikes. Everyone laughs awkwardly.
60) 30) text: Oh god, I'm sorry. I didn't mean it like that. I just meant it's a different experience. I'm such an asshole. PAUL