8) 35) text: MARGE SIMSON is in her middle thirties; a good-looking wo despite the hour and circumstances.
8) 36) dialog: Hello to you, too, Donald.
8) 42) text: NANCY's dress is dark with dried blood, her skin clammy a color of paste.  MARGE shoots her ex-husband a worried gl THOMPSON pulls a chair close to NANCY.
8) 48) dialog: Apparantly he was crazy jealous. Nancy said they'd had a fight, Rod and Tina.
8) 50) dialog: Maybe you don't think murder's serious --
8) 58) dialog: She's been through enough for one night.  You have her statement.
8) 61) text: MARGE wheels on him.
8) 62) dialog: You think I knew there were boys there!?  You try raising a teenager alone.
9) 4) text: MARGE TURNS, startled, seeing NANCY coming downstairs. The girl looks a little better than she did in the Police Station, but her eyes are still red-rimmed, and a vacant masks her face.  She looks to the TV.  Stops.
9) 6) text: 39A.  The TV PICTURE has begun featuring a HANDHELD NEWSR dark rubber BODY BAG being carried to a CORONER'S VAN.  J before the thing is lifted inside, TINA'S bloodied, white slips from its zippered side and lolls into the dark nigh A man rudely shoves it back inside and pulls the zipper u rest of the way. 39B.  WIDER -- as NANCY pales visible.  MARGE darts to th it off, then turning to NANCY.  She looks at the girl a m then goes to her and hugs her.
9) 7) dialog: (kind) Where you think you're going?
9) 9) dialog: I could hear you tossing and turning all night, kiddo.  You've no business going to school.
9) 12) text: MARGE studies her face a moment.
9) 13) dialog: Did you sleep?
9) 16) dialog: Right home after. NANCY (cont'd) Right home after.  See you.
9) 17) text: MARGE watches the girl disappear outside, then lights a c from the one already burning in her fingers. 40.   EXT.  STREET.  DAY. MUSIC slips back in, subtle but tense as we TRACK with NA she walks alone down a sidewalk edged with thick flowerin Oleander.  She cocks her head, puzzled, as if sensing som MUSIC mounts.  NANCY looks across the street. 40A.  REVERSE IN HER POV.  A MAN is over there in dark cl a newspaper, but really watching her. 40B.  NANCY shrugs and continues on, then stops and looks 40C.  IN HER POV we SEE the MAN is gone. 40D.  Next moment -- with a MUSIC STING -- a BLOODIED HAN from the opposite direction, clamps over NANCY'S mouth an her into the bushes. 41.   EXT.  BUSHES.  DAY. NANCY struggles, twisting against the powerful assailant. A WIDER ANGLE REVEALS ROD LANE -- barefoot, clad only in and leather jacket, still caked with dark blood.  The res skin is pale as a ghost's.
14) 0) text: FADE UP ON ESTABLISHING SHOT as a spooky WIND sets a DOG down the block.  A CAR goes by, then this pleasant reside street falls into silence.  CAMERA has MOVED IN on NANCY' well-tended two-story home. 67.   INT.  NANCY'S KITCHEN.  NIGHT. The house is in shadow.  Alone, MARGE scrapes the last of evening's dishes and slips them into the dishwasher.  Nei nor her daughter has touched the food.  But MARGE is well bottle of gin; her appetite for that is growing, right al her dread.  She turns and looks up the stairs, calling.
14) 1) dialog: Nancy, don't fall asleep in there.
14) 3) dialog: Get into bed.
15) 3) dialog: Nancy?
15) 4) text: MARGE raps on the door.  The instant she does NANCY jerks opening her eyes groggily.  The dark wet arm, hand and kn gone.
15) 6) dialog: (through the door) You're not falling asleep, are you?  You could drown, you know.
15) 8) dialog: It happens all the time. (brighter) I've got some warm milk all ready for you.  Why don't you jump into bed? (fading) I'm gonna turn on your electric blanket, too.  C'mon, now. (then she's gone into another room)
15) 12) text: The next instant she's jerked with incredible violence st down beneath the surface of the tub -- as if the bottom h suddenly dropped out and she was in a bottomless well! 68A.  EXT.  UNDERWATER SHOT.  NIGHT. LOOKING UP PAST HER ANKLES we SEE NANCY pulled sharply do really deep water, the dim light of the surface and bathr beyond receding with each yank.  And yet she somehow flai gasps and struggles back towards the surface, managing by panic to break the surface with her hands! 68B.  INT.  HALLWAY OUTSIDE BATHROOM. MARGE rushes to the door and listens, alarmed at the wild SPLASHING audible through the locked door.
15) 13) dialog: Nancy!  NANCY!
15) 14) text: MARGE'S VOICE reaches to the girl, who thrusts up through force and breaks the surface with her head and shoulders. 68D.  INT.  BATHTUB. Gasping and choking, NANCY breaks the surface of her bath like a drowning sailer getting one last chance.  Her moth VOICE booms over her, ECHOED and frantic -- and the loud on the door finally opens her eyes.  She turns and calls to her mother --
15) 16) text: REVERSE ON THE DOOR -- as MARGE, using the old hangar thr doorhandle truck, makes it into the room.  She rushes acr the tub.  NANCY is staggering up in the bathwater, again solid porcelain beneath her feet.
15) 17) dialog: I told you!  Hundreds of people a year drown like that!
15) 19) dialog: You okay?
15) 21) dialog: (not believing it for a minute) To bed with you, c'mon.
15) 22) text: MARGE rushes out to get the room ready.  NANCY turns and herself in the cabinet mirror, then opens the medicine ch begins a quick, furtive search. CLOSER as she takes out the box of No Doz and slips it in robe.
16) 0) text: NANCY emerges from the bathroom yawning.  MARGE follows a girl plods obediently to her room.
16) 1) dialog: No television, forget the homework, no phone calls.
17) 1) dialog: And no school tomorrow, either. you take a little vacation, relax and rest for a change.
17) 3) text: MARGE offers a smile, and a little yellow pill.
17) 4) dialog: Take this, it'll help you sleep.
17) 7) dialog: Sleep tight, don't let the bedbugs bite.
17) 8) text: MARGE goes out, relieved.  NANCY closes the door, leans a it and spits the pill into her hand.  She tosses it strai her window and takes a NoDoz.
22) 11) dialog: Nancy?
22) 16) text: MARGE's flip-flops approach outside the door.  GLEN barre the window -- NANCY dives for the bed, jams off the light disappears under the covers.  MARGE, bleary eyed herself, the door and flicks on the light.
22) 17) dialog: (beat) You okay?
22) 19) dialog: (beat) Okay... You need anything, just call.
22) 21) text: MARGE closes the door.  NANCY immediately sits up and loo the window.  A single bone-white feather floats down in t moonlight.  Then it's sucked outside and is gone. 97.   EXT.  POLICE STATION.  NIGHT. GLEN's CADILLAC CONVERTABLE careens into the parking lot SCREECHES to a stop.  GLEN and NANCY jump out and head fo station.
25) 4) text: ON THE FACES of MARGE, LT THOMPSON, TINA'S MOTHER and ROD PARENTS.  Just for a second or two, in looks too rapid fo outsider to even notice, these adults exchange looks.  Fu quick glances that suggest an immense something that they share, something beyond even this second death among thei children.  Then they are all staring ahead again, as if t others weren't even there.
25) 9) text: The mourners walk away from the grave, MARGE among them. pauses near a MAN and two WOMEN in black -- TINA'S MOTHER PARENTS.  They almost, it seems, speak.  Then MARGE hurri WE MOVE WITH HER as she's joined by LT THOMPSON.  Both ar and on edge.  THOMPSON absently lights another cigarette, offering one to MARGE.
25) 11) dialog: I don't think she's slept since Tina died. (shakes her head) She's always been a delicate kid.
25) 14) dialog: No.  All I know is, this reminds me too much of ten years ago.
25) 17) text: He gives her a look that could cut stone.  MARGE toses do cigarete and crosses to NANCY.  The girl is simply starin over the valley.
25) 18) dialog: (very gently) Time to go home, baby.
25) 19) text: She moves her away from the brink of the hill. 106.  EXT.  CEMETERY PARKING AREA.  DAY. MARGE opens the door of the station wagon for NANCY.  NAN to them both, speaking in a still, small voice.
25) 21) text: She has a wild, Cassandra aspect that sends a chill right MARGE'S spine.
25) 25) text: As NANCY has described this monster from her dream, unsee her,         the faces of MARGE LT and THOMPSON have drai of color.
25) 27) dialog: I got something better... (to NANCY) I'm gonna get you help, baby. So no one will threaten you any more.
27) 4) text: NANCY manages a smile, but she's haggard and visibly thin MARGE, background, looks downright distraught.
27) 6) dialog: No, nothing.
27) 8) text: The doctor and girl share a nervous laugh; MARGE doesn't smile.
27) 10) dialog: I sure as hell hope so.
27) 14) dialog: They're just simple tests,  Nan.  We'll both be right here.
27) 16) dialog: Please, Nancy.  Trust us.
27) 19) text: Greatly relieved, MARGE gives NANCY a goodnight kiss, the follows the doctor through a doorway near the mirror.  As her mother is out of sight, NANCY'S eyes drift to the mir itself.  In its reflection she sees herself looking back, on the bed.
28) 0) text: MARGE and DR KING overlook NANCY's sleeping chamber throu one-way mirror.  And KING monitors the girl even more clo with a bank of instruments -- a mass of glowing dials, gr meters.  His manner with MARGE is slightly more sober.
28) 2) dialog: Since the murder.  She was fine before that.
28) 4) dialog: It's just made her think... her dreams are real...
28) 7) text: MARGE twitches.  Then there's a slight alteration in the the EKG.  KING nods in satisfaction.
28) 9) dialog: (immensely relieved) Thank God.
28) 12) dialog: What the hell are dreams, anyway?
28) 14) text: He gives a "Ah don' know" shrug.  MARGE looks out into th sleeping room.  NANCY is a motionless bundle in the middl bed. 113.  ANGLE ON A NEEDLE on an EKG dipping to a lower read 114.  WIDER ANGLE -- the mother and DOCTOR watching.
28) 15) dialog: What happened?  That needle sank like a rock.
29) 0) text: We can see NANCY drift from the initial stage, over the brink into deep sleep.  Her hair falls into her eyes; her relaxes; her shoulders curl round her like comforters.  T DEEPENS, and begins to hint at the tones of the NIGHTMARE 116.  INT.  CONTROL ROOM.  DAY. DR KING and MARGE watch the instruments' every move. One of the machines begins a slight CHIRPING.  KING scans liking what he sees.
29) 2) text: He leans forward in his chair, like a pilot starting an instrument approach.  MARGE THOMPSON licks her dry lips, a turn of nausea.
29) 3) dialog: How can you tell?
29) 7) text: MARGE watches the TV MONITOR.  It's in extra-close on NAN eyes -- and they're darting beneath the lids, reacting to lost behind a skein of flesh and neurons. KING points to a moving graph.  A needle's begun waving l between plus and minus three.  The DOCTOR nods, assured.
29) 9) text: He stops.  Outside, visible through the glass, NANCY twis around.  Eyes still closed, she's nevertheless holding he in the attitude of prey listening to the first faint soun predator's approach. MARGE looks from her daughter to the DOCTOR, color draini her face.
29) 10) dialog: What the hell's this?  She awake or asleep?
29) 15) text: He's cut off by the high-pitched KEENING of the girl, the cutting through the double thickness of the glass like a A warning BEEPER has begun, the instruments light up like Christmas tree -- and outside in the sleeping room, NANCY contorting as if shot through with a thousand volts.  KIN over his chair in his sprint for the door. 117.  INT.  SLEEPING ROOM. The DOCTOR and MARGE come in on the run -- NANCY's flaili screaming as if the devil himself were after her.  KING g to shake her awake; ANGLE ON NANCY (eyes open) -- looking in terror -- SOUND STRANGELY. IN HER POV -- dressed in KING'S clothes -- the horribly s MAN reaches out. WIDER -- (NANCY'S eyes closed in sleep) as the girl's fis out with incredible force and knocks DR KING flying! The NURSE and MARGE both descend on her -- and again in her SLEEPING POV we see the MAN stagger for WIDER ON NANCY -- (still in her nightmare) -- fighting li tiger with both MARGE and the NURSE -- sending the NURSE sprawling -- leaving MARGE hanging on for dear life. ANGLE on the stunned DOCTOR fumbling with a hyperdermic n spilling most of the stuff on himself with his shaking ha the SCREAMS AND CURSES of NANCY are deafening and worthy stevador fighting off his worst enemy.  Stranger still, h is electrified, standing on end and greying before their eyes! MARGE screams at the top of her lungs.
29) 16) dialog: NANCY!!!  IT'S MOM -- NANCY!!!!
29) 17) text: Some deep bolt of psychic power smacks through the girl, eyes flap open -- they're glazed with terror and fury, bu NANCY's awake. She stares around like a cornered animal in the middle of bed, her purple face gasping out gut-wrenching SOBS.  The and MARGE dare to go back in and hold the sweat-drenched DR KING comes for her with the needle.
29) 24) dialog: Oh my god, oh my god...
29) 28) text: She pulls her free arm from beneath the sheets and reveal strange hat, filthy and worn -- the KILLER'S hat.  The si it frightens MARGE more than anything that's come before.
29) 29) dialog: (deathly pale) Where the hell did you get that?
29) 32) text: MARGE stares at the hat as if it held her whole future, a future was a horror.
30) 3) dialog: She said she snatched it off his head in a dream. (listens) No, I'm not crazy, I've got the damn thing in my hand! (listens) I know we did, we all... (hears NANCY  approaching) Gotta go.
30) 4) text: She hangs up and stuffs the hat and bottle into a drawer, screening the action with her body.  NANCY enters. By now the girl has an extraordinary look.  Her hair is a her skin transluscent, and eyes dark-ringed.  Her right f is heavily bandaged over the slashes.  In short, instead girl next door, we now could be looking at the lunatic fr next cell.  MARGE, though she does her best to hide it, i downright frightened of her.
30) 5) dialog: You didn't sleep, did you? The doctor says you have to  sleep or you'll --
30) 8) dialog: I don't think you're going crazy -- and stop drinking that damn coffee!
30) 10) dialog: I threw that filthy thing away -- I don't know what you're trying  to prove with it, but --
30) 13) dialog: But that's just not reality, Nancy!
30) 14) text: 120.  Furious, NANCY janks open the drawer before MARGE c and spills the bottle and hat onto the counter. MARGE grabs away the bottle protectively -- but it's the NANCY goes for.  She waves it triumphantly -- demonically
30) 16) dialog: (horrified) Put that damned thing down!
30) 17) text: MARGE lunges for it -- NANCY leaps out of reach --
30) 19) text: MARGE swallows, then persists in the lie.
30) 20) dialog: Nancy, trust your mother for  once -- you'll feel better as  soon as you sleep!
30) 23) text: MARGE slaps her hard.
30) 24) dialog: (losing it) Fred Krueger can't be after you, Nancy -- he's dead!
30) 26) dialog: (low, raw) Fred Krueger is dead.  Dead and gone.  Believe me, I know.  Now go to bed.  I order you, go to  bed.
30) 27) text: MARGE snatches the hat away.  NANCY is furious, betrayed.
30) 29) text: MARGE pulls away.
30) 30) dialog: You're sick, Nancy.  Imagining  things.  You need to sleep, it's as simple as that.
30) 31) text: NANCY wheels and smashes MARGE'S bottle of gin in the sin
30) 33) dialog: Nancy!
30) 35) dialog: Nancy -- it's only a nightmare!
32) 0) text: ANGLE ACROSS NANCY'S "TREE LAWN", the grass between the sidewalk and the street, in the general direction of GLEN's home.  This ANGLE doesn't quite reveal Nancy's house. FOREGROUND is a utility truck in which a half dozen Hispanic WORKERS are loading tools, extension cords and hardware.  They look like they've put in one hell of a hard day's work. MARGE appears and hands a check to the FOREMAN of the cre white guy in clean coveralls and a gold chain.  He scruti it.
32) 2) text: MARGE forks over a wad of cash, hands trembling in her half-drunk, helpless rage.
32) 3) dialog: Where's your mask and gun?
32) 8) text: 123.  WIDENING TO REVEAL THE HOUSE as NANCY walks across yard.  Every single window has been covered with brand-ne ornamental iron bars, bolted deeply into their frames. CLOSER, AT A WINDOW.  NANCY gives a set of bars a powerfu shake.  They don't budge.  Then girl looks up and sees ev window to her second floor bedroom is barred.  And the ro trellis has been ripped down and heaped at the foundation tangle of wood, thorns and broken flowers. 124.  INT.  MARGE'S ROOM.  EVENING. ANGLE ON THE DOORWAY INTO THE HALL.  Easy listening MUSIC through the air.  NANCY appears in the doorway.
32) 10) text: 125.  REVERSE to MARGE, propped against the headboard of crooked shadow in the gloom.  A fresh bottle of Gin glint hand.
32) 13) dialog: 'S'mine...
32) 16) dialog: S'curity.
32) 19) dialog: Dead and gone.
32) 21) text: MARGE gives a laugh -- a rasping chachination from deep i chest.
32) 22) dialog: Your father the cop.  That's a good one. (colder) Forget Fred Krueger.  You don't want to know, believe me.
32) 24) text: MARGE blinks at her a moment, then cracks a terrible, cro grin.
32) 25) dialog: All right.
33) 0) text: MARGE drags NANCY headlong down the cellar stairs and acr room with a crazy fury, twisting her down near the founda And she thrusts her face so close to her daughter's that reels from the alcohol.
33) 1) dialog: You want to know who Fred Krueger was?  He was a filthy child killer who got at least twenty kids, kids from our area, kids we all knew.  It drove us all crazy when we didn't know who was doing it -- but it was even worse when they caught him.
33) 2) text: MARGE draws herself up with a shake.
33) 3) dialog: Oh lawyers got fat and the judge got famous, but someone forgot to sign the search warrant in the  right place, and Fred Krueger was free, just like that.
33) 5) text: MARGE smiles grimly.
33) 6) dialog: He wouldn've stopped.  The  bastard would've got more kids first chance he got -- they found nearly ten bodies in his boiler room as it was.  But the law couldn't touch him.
33) 8) dialog: What was needed were some private citizens willing to do what had to be done.
33) 11) text: MARGE cradles the bottle.
33) 12) dialog: Bunch of us parents tracked him down after they let him go.  Found him in an old boiler room, just like before.  Saw him lying there in that caked red and yellow sweater he always wore, drunk an' asleep with his weird knives by his side...
33) 14) text: MARGE reaches over and taps a dusty two-gallon jug of gas near the lawn mower.
33) 15) dialog: We poured gasoline all around the place, left a trail out the  door, locked the door, then...
33) 17) dialog: WHOOSH!!!
33) 19) dialog: (hushed, remembering) But just when it seemed not even the devil could live in there any more -- he crashed out like a banshee, all on fire -- swinging those fingerknives every which direction and  screaming he... he was going to get us by killing all our kids...
33) 21) dialog: There were all those men, Nancy, even your father, oh yes, even him.  But none could do what had to be done -- Krueger rolling  and screaming so loud the whole state could hear -- no one could take your father's gun and kill  him good and proper except me.
33) 23) dialog: So he's dead Nan.  He can't get you.  Mommy killed him.
33) 26) text: MARGE sags back.
33) 27) dialog: Sure, and Glen's.  All of us. But that's in the past now, baby.  Really.  It's over. (slyly) We even took his knives.
33) 29) dialog: See?
33) 32) dialog: Proof he's declawed.  As for him, we buried him good and deep.
33) 33) text: MARGE shoves the knives into their hiding place, closes t little iron door.
33) 34) dialog: So's okay, you can sleep.
36) 25) dialog: We'll go away, take a vacation. Get your hair colored nice, the way it was.  No one will ever know. (sniffs) This whole room smells of coffee, y'know?
36) 27) dialog: It's all over now, baby.  The nightmare's over.  Please.
36) 30) text: She scrunches into her pillow.  MARGE smiles haggardly an off the light, taking the coffee pot with her as she leav
36) 32) text: MARGE smiles, relieved.  The girl pulls the blanket aroun shoulders.  Her eyes flutter closed, her breathing become and deep.  Once again she's the litle girl MARGE fantasiz is. The mother tiptoes out of the room, closing the door behi HOLD ON NANCY's sleeping face as the DOOR CLOSES.  Her ey remain closed another beat, then open wide. She quietly jumps out of bed and shakes herself savagely scatter the sleep settling so quickly. Still in the dark, she fishes a full electric coffepot fr her bed and pours herself a fresh fix into a mug she digs beneath her pillow.  The face illuminated by the neon lig pot is set in absolute determination. NANCY drains the cup, then crosses to her closet, retriev pitcher of ice water from behind a heap of clothes and sp her eyes and the back of her neck.  That done she eases o window and presses her face to the bars, sucking in cool air until every shred of sleep is gone from her brain. Then she starts pulling on clothes. 142.  INT.  NANCY'S HOUSE/DOWNSTAIRS.  NIGHT. ANGLE ON MARGE as she checks the lock on the backdoor.  F 143.  ANGLE IN THE LIVING ROOM as she pads through the da feels her way to a wall of shelves and takes down a book. another, and a third.  Then reaches in and fishes out a b gin. 144.  EXT.  NANCY'S HOUSE AND ELM STREET.  NIGHT. The sky has gathered in greater darkness.  LOW, DISTANT T rolls around the horizon like a great drum. ANGLE ON NANCY'S HOUSE from across the street.  The moon off the barred windows. CAMERA ZOOMS to NANCY's window. imprisoned girl hovers in the darkness behind the grill l ghost, her eyes turned towards GLEN's.  Then she switches something much CLOSER TO CAMERA ANGLE, and she draws back 145.  REVERSE ON GLEN's father, standing on the front por home, also in the shadows, looking straight across and up NANCY.  He         draws on his cigarette; his face glows 146.  NANCY pulls down the shade. 147.  GLEN's father grinds the cigarette beneath his shoe
36) 40) text: Once the two are inside, the door is locked. 148.  INT.  NANCY'S ROOM.  NIGHT. CLOSE ON NANCY's face.  VERY CLOSE.  Her eyes stare ahead red-rimmed, anxious.  She picks absently at the thick ban covering her forearm.  The long cuts from Fred Krueger's are bleeding again, but she doesn't even care anymore.  T to sweat the small stuff.  She crosses the room. On the bedside table with the nearly empty Pyrex coffee m the empty cup and the empty box of No-Doz, is her old fas alarm clock, and a phone. NANCY pours herself the last of the coffee and drinks it dregs, then looks to the clock. INSERT CLOCK -- ten minutes to midnight. NANCY'S eyes go to the door. WIDER.  Fully clothed and in a jacket now, she creeps to and cracks it, just to make sure.  Then freezes. 149.  INT.  HALLWAY OUTSIDE NANCY'S DOOR. IN NANCY'S POV through the door we see MARGE, rummaging a the linen closet not fifteen feet away.  There's no way N get past her.  The woman pulls out a full bottle of gin i satisfaction and begins fumbling with its cap. 150.  INT.  NANCY'S ROOM.  NIGHT. NANCY eases the door closed again and sinks to the key ho watching through it with a sinking heart.
37) 21) text: She wraps the phone cord around the useless machine and p on her bed, then sneaks back to the door.  This time she expression of relief, and opens the door.  MARGE is gone. Then the TELEPHONE RINGS again. CAMERA MOVES IN ON NANCY as she turns slowly. 162.  REVERSE IN HER POV.  THE TELEPHONE RINGS again, des that the end of its janked-out cord is clearly visible. NIGHTMARE MUSIC THEME slips right up our spines. BACK ON NANCY.  She starts to shake.  She goes to the tel as we WIDEN, unwraps it as it RINGS even louder.  She's s so hard by now she can barely manage to lift the receiver IN CLOSE ON HER, so close we can HEAR her teeth chatterin brings the phone to her ear.
38) 4) dialog: I don't even have it on me, so forget it.
38) 6) dialog: (drunk satisfaction) Paid the guy damn good to make sure you stayed put.  You ain't goin' nowhere, kid.  You're gonna sleep tonight if it kills me.
43) 0) text: MARGE lies propped in her bed looking back at NANCY.  Her drunkeness has been altered by the SIRENS and BABBLE outs a sort of comatose clarity.
43) 1) dialog: Guess I should'n'a done it.
43) 3) dialog: Just wanted to protect you, Nan.  Just wanted to protect you...
43) 4) text: MARGE slides over on her side.  NANCY smooths her hair, c as she would a child, then exits the room.
47) 2) text: At that very instant FRED KRUEGER leaps up from the far s the bed with an EXPLOSIVE SHOUT of rage! He lunges across the table for her, missing by inches as pitches backwards and scrambles for the window.  But she' stopped by the bars. KRUEGER, incredibly fast, regains his feet and leaps agai girl wheels and shatters the coffeepot over his head.  As crashes backwards NANCY flings open the door of her room dives through -- only to rebound off someone on the other 187.  INT.  HALLWAY.  NIGHT. MARGE, knocked flying by NANCY'S charge, hits the floor h knocking the wind out of herself.  NANCY sees what she's jumps over the body and slams the door and throws the new home.  Next instant she gingerly ties a string to the doo knob, a string that trails down from the ceiling, attache something up there that's still just barely out of sight. Next instant she's dragging her MOTHER towards the woman' bedroom as fast as she can. KRUEGER is already splintering the doorway behind her as dips and makes it into MARGE's room, SLAMMING the DOOR be and locking it in a flash. The MANIAC breaks the bolt and rips open the door. But the in the very act of doing this he of course unknow pulls the string attached to the outside doorknob with te force. CLOSE ANGLE ON THE CEILING.  The string jerks against a single-edged razor, which in turn cuts a tight wind of co holding a heavy wedge of steel to the ceiling. WIDER as the thing falls free, pivoting at the hinge at t end of its handle, and drives straight into KRUEGER'S gro a terrific blow.  As he catapaults backwards with an incr shriek, the twenty pound sledge hammer swings back and re camera just what it is! ANGLE DOWN ON KRUEGER, clawwing his way up despite his ag lurching and cursing forward like an enraged bull. WIDER ANGLE IN THE HALLWAY as KRUEGER roars out -- only t immediately strike the length of WIRE strung across the h catching it just above the thigh.  He cartwheels head-ove and lands flat on his back! Instantly the DOOR to NANCY's MOTHER's bedroom flies open NANCY brings a brass lamp down over KRUEGER's head with a might!  It sounds like a line-drive caroming off a metal flagpole. NANCY SLAMS the DOOR as KRUEGER struggles up, clutching h head. Enraged, the huge man CRASHES against the door with terri force, and rears back and starts smashing against the doo the utter homicidal lunatic that he is.
48) 8) text: 191.  Behind her the DOOR SPLINTERS.  NANCY whirls around to see KRUEGER bull in!  NANCY's eyes go wide -- she's tr against the bars and has nowhere to go.  The man bunches knives into a single thick blade and rushes her, stabbing closes her eyes -- Then from OUT OF FRAME Marge leaps between the two.
48) 9) dialog: No!
48) 11) dialog: Nancy -- for god's sake's run!
49) 2) text: He turns and jogs towards GLEN's house. 193.  INT.  MARGE'S BEDROOM.  NIGHT. ANGLE ON KRUEGER, hauling MARGE up in rage, knocking her senseless across her bed and climbing after her with his raised.  NANCY wheels behind him and whams him in the kid with her fists, spilling him back off the bed, then runni him for the door.  She makes it to safety, then turning back.  She flips the monster the bird, her e with pain and fury.
49) 4) text: The bait works -- KRUEGER leaves MARGE and howls after NA 194.  INT.  UPSTAIRS HALLWAY.  NIGHT. As NANCY clears the hall and makes the stairs, KRUEGER lu through the shattered doorway after her. 195.  INT.  LIVING ROOM.  NIGHT. The girl careens down the stairs, across the room and to front door, banging against it with terrified fury.
53) 0) text: NANCY STOPS IN THE SPLINTERED DOORWAY -- a ragged gold-re splashing her horrified face. 205.  REVERSE IN HER POV -- FRED KRUEGER, literally a man a screaming MARGE pinned to the bed and is crawling all o her!  NANCY gives a banshee's howl, snatches up a chair a brings it down over the back of the firey beast, stunning By the time LT THOMPSON races into the room NANCY'S seize heavy blanket has thrown over both of them, fighting the The father joins his daughter without a second thought, h another blanket over the bed and smothering the last of t flames.
54) 2) text: MARGE sticks her head out, squinting, and nods.  Sober.
54) 3) dialog: Gonna burn off soon or it wouldn't be so bright.
54) 6) dialog: They say you've bottomed out when you can't remember the night before. (shakes her head) No more drinking, Baby, suddenly I just don't feel like it any more.
54) 8) dialog: Didn't keep you up last night, did I?  You look a little  peeked.
54) 11) text: The girl gives a wave and goes off.  MARGE calls after.
54) 12) dialog: See ya.
54) 15) text: 210.  WIDER ON NANCY as she walks to the curb.  The whole wrapped in an unseasonal tule fog, bright yet diffuse.  W that NANCY's house no longer has bars on its windows.  Th see a familiar convertible pull up at the curb, top down. and ROD are in the back seat.  They all wave to MARGE as climbs in.
54) 17) dialog: (laughs) I believe anything's possible.