96) 0) text: We SEE inside the Range Rover where there is a DRIVER wit our TWO CHECHNYANS. The CHECHNYANS have suitcases handcuf to their wrists. They speak in their native tongue.
96) 1) dialog: Victor is Uri's right hand man, we served together for four years in Chechnya. We used to have a good time together, he's a real soldier, strong, hard, we made much trouble. I saved his life and he saved mine many times,... CHECHNYAN 1 pulls up his sleeve to reveal a massive tatto His arm is filled with slash marks on it.
96) 2) dialog: Caught in tank tracks!      He pulled me out and this one,... He unbuckles his trousers and shows a massive gouge in hi thigh.
96) 3) dialog: Stem grenade.
96) 4) dialog: I have one of those,... CHECHNYAN 2 pulls up his trouser leg to reveal massive sc on his shin.
96) 5) dialog: How many of these have you got?
97) 0) text: Chechnyan 1 pulls his shirt up to reveal more wounds.
97) 1) dialog: Six thirty calibe,.... SMASH!!!! Their car is smashed into a tailspin, by Handso Bob's truck. The Range Rover eventually lands on it's sid steam, spinning wheels, smoke, and glass is everywhere.
98) 0) text: Bob jumps out of his truck and runs down to the second ge car waiting. We SEE One Two and Mumbles get out of their car and run over to the Range Rover on its side, they are carrying an axe and bolt cutters. Inside, CHECHNYAN 2 slo opens his dazed eyes, to SEE an axe chopping through the window. TWO CHOPS and the window gives in. One Two leans in and grabs the case, but it's chained to CHECHNYAN 2's wrist. One Two pulls the arm out of the window and Mumble uses massive bolt cutters to cut the case free.
98) 11) text: One Two manages to head butt CHECHNYAN 2 and goes back to reclaiming the case from CHECHNYAN 1. He pulls it out and Mumbles cuts the chain. One Two can't see a thing.
98) 16) text: With his window open, Mumbles wheel spins out of the situ and turns to check on One Two. From out of nowhere a very large CHECHNYAN arm shoots through the window and puts Mu in a neck lock. The CHECHNYAN 2 is holding on and not let go. The car tears across the road and enters a shop window th has a mezzanine. The car comes to a halt on a precarious ledge, it's dangling with the CHECHNYAN 2 still not letti go.
99) 2) text: One Two can get a clear shot into the CHECHNYAN 2's side. He shots him once, CHECHNYAN 2 doesn't move, twice, three times, four times, he finally lets go and falls down on t floor.
102) 0) text: One Two gets caught in a head lock by CHECHNYAN 2, they struggle. Mumbles hits the CHECHNYAN from behind with a c Jack and CHECHNYAN 2 goes down again. One Two's eyes have just about come back.
103) 0) text: One Two has ended up on a railway track. He turns back, w should CHECHNYAN 2 chase him, he hasn't got the money. Bu no, CHECHNYAN 2 is over the fence, bullet proof vest flap in the wind, and coming after him. One Two finds his stre this is his world, the world of the runner - he's off dow the tracks.
104) 2) text: One Two jumps on the back and they speed away leaving our Chechnyan's behind.
126) 8) text: My job is to protect Uri and in this department he needs protecting, I don't like her or trust her and I want you to follow that snake. We reveal it's CHECHNYAN 1 our war criminal who is lookin battered from the beating the day before.
126) 9) dialog: Leave it with me Victor.
127) 0) text: We go back to the scene at the restaurant from a differen perspective. The two CHECHNYAN'S see One Two and Handsome Bob walk out of the restaurant, they two look at one anot their brows steel.
128) 0) text: CUT BACK to present with the music being cut off from One Two's head phones. He opens his eyes, on his throat lies very long and sharp knife. The two CHECHNYANS have entere the room and pulled the wire out of the machine. CHECHNYA 1 is sitting on a chair next to One Two, he's the one wit the blade. He smiles, One Two doesn't.
130) 12) text: Emmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm. The Chechnyans make a quick move, their last ever. FOUR shots ring out quickly.