22) 6) text: Come on deal the cards Fred. We see in the background someone coming in. MEET COOKIE(l 30s, slicked back, black hair), his look is a bit of a pa
22) 7) dialog: All right chaps?
22) 10) dialog: Can't stay for long, but throw us in for a quick spin. One Two, who has been on the phone finishes his call. looks over to Mumbles.
62) 1) dialog: Where have you been? You were missed in court today. That's not very compassionate is it, didn't turn up for your amigos funeral. The phone rings in the back ground, Dolly answers it.
65) 2) text: I have a little bit of work for you Cookie we have a party to go to.
69) 0) text: The door opens Mumbles, One Two, Cookie, and Fred stand t A man, TOM in black tie opens the door, he looks posh and in his boxers.
69) 3) dialog: My name is Cookie.
69) 5) dialog: No, we're with the Grand Old Duke of York.
69) 8) dialog: (to One Two)                                         
69) 19) dialog: And take that chewing gum off your feet before you start dancing. Stella approaches.
69) 28) text: Cookie takes his cue.
69) 29) dialog: Come on then kids, get in a nice orderly line and we'll get the party started.
75) 4) dialog: Oi One Two, I am going to make a killing out of this lot, they've definitely got more money than brains. (to One Two) I owe you one boyo.
94) 0) text: Roman and Mickey have come to find Cookie. He is with a GROUP of people having dinner including Fred the Head. We cut into him mid joke.
94) 4) dialog: Joke to be inserted by Cookie.
94) 6) dialog: Hello, it's Roman and Mickey, what are you doing here boys?
95) 2) dialog: Well, you should be the first to know this, but isn't he,...
95) 5) dialog: Have you ever bought a ticket to the junkies bone yard Roman? (beat) It's an unpleasant place called "curl up and die." Might sound like a hair salon, but it don't fuckin look like one I can tell ya. It's a horrible sight and a terrible sound listening to a man sucking his soul through the hole in "the pipe" and even worse when he tries to tear it back. (beat) I've been there, I've done that,... then I nailed that demon in a smoke proof coffin and I did it all with Johnny. I love that man, he's what you call class..and if you would use your heads, you would love him too. You know his music sales have gone up a thousand percent in two weeks.
95) 10) dialog: (beat) You see, Johnny "the crack head" Story knows that a "Rocka" is worth more dead than alive, silly world ain't it? (beat) Mr Story doesn't get his gear from me, he has to travel far and wide. Leave me your number and if the dead feels like calling, you'll be the first to know.
114) 8) text: Cookie cuts in.
114) 9) dialog: I'll have it, how much?
114) 11) text: Cookie gets up from the table and walks over.
114) 12) dialog: I don't want the pitch, I said I'll have it.
114) 14) text: Malcolm's upset, he wanted to give the pitch. Cookie pull out a lot of money too much for Malcolm to say no to.
114) 15) dialog: Here ya go, have a week in snow.
115) 0) text: One Two comes in and closes the door behind him. He looks down on the floor and there is THE PAINTING, we a large note on it that says. "Let myself in, thought your lady would like the painting Love, Cookie" The door bell rings, he opens it and there stands Stella. She walks in straight past One Two, he turns round with h mouth open, she gently slaps it shut and kisses him.