59) 0) text: We CUT BACK to present and MEET JOHNNY STORY (think Pete Doherty meets Richard Ashcroft) or Posh John, posh, good looking, 25, alarmingly skinny and pale in a grey sort of way.
59) 7) dialog: Just couldn't, it's got me,...that's what art does Pete, it gets you.
59) 9) dialog: You wouldn't understand.
59) 11) dialog: Because,.....You,.... Are street scum Pete. He does a quick moon walk, he's taking the piss.
59) 12) dialog: You're in need of an education, that's what you need, but your Dad never gave a shit about you did he? And that is why you are on the gear. Your gear is your surrogate father.
59) 14) dialog: Come on Pedro, share. I'm your sponsor, Doctor,...your dad if you're feeling a bit of regression coming on. (beat)
60) 0) text: Rough old bar, there are a couple of OLD WASTERS staggeri around in the distance. Johnny and Pete have now got drin in their hands.
60) 5) dialog: That's got to have done some damage, all those guns and cowboys.
60) 10) dialog: Now we're getting somewhere. Did he interfere with you? You know, touch you inappropriate like?
60) 12) dialog: Now that's it! That's what I was looking for, you see your Dad is a monster Pedro, a tickling monster. (singing)
60) 13) text: Pedro's dad's a tickling monster! Johnny helps himself to some WASTERS drink at the bar for quick refreshment. Understandably, the WASTER doesn't loo happy and his three FRIENDS don't look happy either.
60) 16) dialog: Come on boy, I'll have you and ya girlfriends! I'll do the lot of yazz. The WASTER is lost. Johnny is not physically scary, he's only scary because he's quite clearly mad. He looks like Robert Deniro in Taxi driver, mad as mars, he catches him in the mirror, he likes what he sees. Ciggy falling out o his mouth, he sort of takes the piss out of himself, smil "tough Johnny," the WASTER backs off he doesn't want junk madness.
60) 20) dialog: (Leaning over his shoulder, mock serious)
60) 26) dialog: (he raises his ridiculous eye brows)
60) 27) text: Junkies, I'll shit 'em! Johnny sits back down next to Pete.
60) 28) dialog: Did your Dad do anything else to you Pete?
60) 30) dialog: (Johnny stands)
60) 31) text: What are you doing? I'm not going to tickle you Pete, I'm not your Dad. He looks over and see's Pete has got the most horrific sc on his back. Johnny notice's them and stops in his tracks Johnny walks back over to Pete and very tenderly touches back, it feels horrible and bobbled.
60) 32) dialog: (soft)
60) 35) dialog: Your dad was jealous. Cos you dad isn't sure he's your dad, cos you don't look like him.
60) 37) dialog: You have all the facial characteristics of North American native, Livapuddlian Indian.
60) 42) dialog: See your Dad thought you were a red Indian and Bonanza triggered your fathers unconscious feelings.
68) 0) text: The boys are still reeling from the news that Johnny is Lenny's son.
76) 0) text: Johnny is watching cartoons trying to skin up a joint usi a page of a book, he puts it down in frustration. Pete wa in, grabs the picture from it's place and starts to walk out. Johnny squints.
76) 1) dialog: Pedro?   Come back here.
76) 3) dialog: Where do you think you are going with that painting?
76) 5) dialog: You may have a point Pete, but I can't give it up. You know why?
76) 7) dialog: Meet me in the pub in two minutes.
77) 0) text: Johnny walks in and approaches the BARMAN.        He does Johnny.
77) 5) dialog: Now, now no need for that tone bar steward. I am merely on mission to acquire a shot of your finest Scotch and a packet of your,... (pointing to paper's) Cheapest rolling paper.
77) 7) dialog: King size of course - along with a packet of your shiniest coffin nails.
77) 10) text: Johnny puts a large note on the bar.
77) 11) dialog: Put the change in the blind box my good man and remember,...
77) 13) dialog: "In the kingdom of the blind, the one eyed man is king"
77) 14) text: The BARMAN is left with his mouth open. Johnny walks to t piano to drink his Scotch. There are a few beer mats on t piano, Johnny wipes the mats off with a glide of his hand and they fall to the floor. He raises the lid, coughs, composes himself, and extends his hands through his sleev He hits the first note and takes his scotch down in one. few of the old PUNTERS turn around. Johnny starts to play the most beautiful classical music with his eyes shut. Pe walks in, approaches Johnny and sits with him. He likes i when he plays. Johnny doesn't even need to see him to kno that he's there.
77) 15) dialog: You see that pack of Virginia killing sticks at the end of the piano?
77) 21) dialog: All you need to know about life is retained within those four walls.
77) 25) dialog: You will notice that one of your personalities is seduced by the illusions of grandeur. A "gold" packet of "king" size and with a "regal" insignia. An attractive implication toward glamour and wealth, a subtle suggestion that cigarettes are indeed your "royal" and loyal friends. And that Pete,...is a lie. (beat)
77) 28) dialog: Now, please pass me a light.
77) 30) text: Oh you are something special Johnny Story. Johnny smiles and puts him in a head lock, they fall to t floor wrestling.
82) 0) text: There is a long line of people outside Roman and Mickey's venue. Johnny and Pete hustle their way through the crowd the BOUNCER pulls them up.
82) 2) dialog: What do you think we're doing?   We're trying to get in.
82) 4) dialog: Yes my good man, I am aware of that. Johnny goes for his money, but the BOUNCER pushes him on.
84) 0) text: The BOUNCER is holding Johnny and Pete back.
84) 2) dialog: Oi looky, but no touchy. Johnny pushes the BOUNCERS arm away. The BOUNCER retorts with a slap round the cheek. Pete won't stand for that, h goes for the BOUNCER in a pathetic junkie way.
86) 0) text: Johnny stands over Pete, he notices Johnny's face. Pete's seen this before, he's changing like a madmen about to explode.
86) 3) dialog: I'll show em' fuckin happy.
88) 0) text: Johnny makes for the BOUNCER with menace, the BOUNCER loo at Johnny coming and smiles.
90) 0) text: Johnny pulls out his signature pencils.
90) 4) dialog: I am going to report you, what's your name?
90) 6) text: Without a hesitation Johnny sticks the pencils into the BOUNCERS leg, it's quite nasty. The BOUNCER stumbles forw like a wounded elephant, it's David and Goliath. Johnny's smart, he knows how to do this properly.
90) 7) dialog: Oh I'm sorry did that hurt?   Here let me help you up.
92) 0) text: Johnny picks up a trash bin lid and starts giving it to t bouncer. The crowd dances around this wounded beast.
92) 1) dialog: What was that about grinding bones?
112) 0) text: Johnny's sitting smoking a fag and watching more cartoons Pete walks in with Malcolm and Paul, Johnny jumps up angr
112) 1) dialog: Moron,...what do you think your doing?
112) 3) dialog: Letting creatures in my yard without my consent.
112) 7) text: Come on, we know you John, we're big fans, you're what they call a real rocknrolla. Johnny cuts in and storms over to all three of them, push them out the door.
112) 8) dialog: Out!! Good-bye, on your way, bon voyage and fuck off.
112) 15) dialog: What is this a laydown?     A fuckin demo?
112) 17) dialog: Where the fuck did you find these two junkies? Conference, now Pete. Johnny drags Pete in toilet.
113) 1) dialog: Pedro I swear this is the last time I'm having you take the piss, next time you're on your own.
113) 3) dialog: I am dead Pete, what does that tell you? It tells you, that dead people don't like company! Now jog 'em on.
113) 5) dialog: Yes you fucking well will, smelly junkies. Meeting adjourned. Johnny and Pete walk out of the toilet, Malcolm and Paul gone.
113) 7) dialog: Lucky you're not following them. Johnny looks over, the picture has gone, he turns to Pete
113) 8) dialog: Where's the picture Pete?
124) 0) text: Roman and Mickey walk in to see Johnny slouched and watch TV, more silly cartoons. He's got his top off and he's smoking a ciggy. His feet are resting on an old chair and Pete is asleep next to him. Johnny hardly moves.
124) 2) dialog: Sorry, Johnny's not home right now, but the pipe is and the pipe says that Johnny heard you were getting in trouble boys. Roman gives a slight roll of the eyes.
124) 7) dialog: Why are you talking to a pipe Roman? You're madder than I am.
124) 9) dialog: But home is where your head is and I don't feel at home in my head. (beat) Come back Johnny!
124) 10) text: Johnny smiles and pulls out a gun from under his arse. He points it at Roman, waits until he knows they feel it and pulls the trigger. It's a lighter. He relights his splif, hot hash dropping his chest, he ignores it.
124) 11) dialog: I bet our Lenny gave you the "I'm his old man" speech didn't he? (impersonating Lenny) I've seen jelly fish with closer DNA than that slag. Now Johnny will come quietly, but you might have a couple of problems with the pipe. (he sighs) Come on boys, buy us both a cup of tea. No need for any noise, let Pete sleep on.
133) 0) text: Roman and Mickey are still here with Johnny.    Roman spe
134) 0) text: Archy leans against a ROLLSROYCE with another HEAVY. Youn Johnny walks up, he's wearing tales and a bow tie, he's w two of his toffy school FRIENDS.
134) 1) dialog: Hello Archy.
134) 3) dialog: Show us your guns Uncle Arch, I told the boys all about it.
134) 5) dialog: Give us your money boys. Archy grabs the gun and hits Johnny on the back of the he not too hard.
136) 0) text: Johnny, Roman and Mickey walk toward the entrance.
136) 1) dialog: Don't worry boys, nothing to be nervous about, some of my Dad's best friends ended up here.
136) 3) dialog: Hello Arch, wrapped up in a carpet just like the old days? (beat) What is it today? The rack? The garotte? Or is it the old cray fish trap?
137) 4) dialog: You're looking a bit down, has that old clown been working you long hours? (beat) You always were loyal - no dog like a loyal dog.
137) 6) dialog: (feigning fear) Don't hit me Archy, I'm a singer not a fighter. (back to normal) I've just the remedy for you, a story, a Johnny Story and it's all about you.
137) 9) dialog: Sorry, that's right get into character. (beat) Look at him boys, scary ain't he?
137) 11) dialog: That's what four years inside does to a man, eats his soul and when it's all gone it makes a man quite scary. Ever wondered how you got there? Ever wondered what grass informed on you?
137) 13) dialog: So who we got in there? Anyone I know? Anyone famous? That's right it's only a job, isn't it? Just being loyal, just following orders.
137) 18) dialog: (Johnny salutes) I bet you can operate a nice gas shower,..I can see you with a couple of S's on your collar and a stiff goose in your step.
137) 23) dialog: That, Roman and Mickey, is the famous Archy slap. I have been magically transported straight back to my childhood. He speaks next in a little boys voice, he's taking the pi
137) 24) dialog: Don't turn Archy in, he's your friend, he's loyal, just like the dog. He changes to impersonate Lenny, its deep and over the to
137) 25) dialog: Shut up boy, don't stick your nose where it don't belong otherwise I'll chop it off. (little boy voice)
137) 27) text: Needs a little lesson though don't he? Left his station hasn't he? A little time inside to remember who the boss is. Archy straightens his tie to remain calm, but can't take any longer. He picks Johnny up and slams him against the wall.
137) 30) dialog: (feigning fear)
138) 0) text: The elevator door opens and we see skinny Johnny stuck up the air held by Archy. Danny looks on a bit disturbed.
138) 5) text: Archy drops him, his wires crossed.        He needs a lit to think. Johnny is off out of the elevator walking away happy as a clam. Back to Archy in the elevator.
139) 0) text: Johnny comes bowling in like a 'rocknrolla' coming on to stage. He spots Lenny.
139) 1) dialog: Sidney!   Nice wheels.
139) 3) dialog: Sorry about the painting, needed the cash for a little bit of the old "dusty show bizzzzzzzz." (beat) So, it's gone now, lost in the world of degenerate and stoned no hopers, never to be seen again by the eye of a clean soul.
139) 9) dialog: What can I say,... (pause) I'm a junkie, crack head, no gooder, should never have wasted your money on that school.
139) 12) text: Johnny grabs the back of Lenny's chair and pushes him aro like he's a two year old, Lenny feels a right twit. One Two, Handsome Bob, and Mumbles observe.
139) 13) dialog: It's a gathering, I love a gathering look, Mumbles, One Two, Handsome Bob all the old faces today. (beat) It's all going so well apart from Archy who's ruining the day. I tried to cheer him up with that story about how you grassed him u,...
139) 14) text: BANG! Lenny shoots Johnny in the hip with a gun he has ke hidden. Everybody is shocked, Danny jumps back in horror that was pretty close.
139) 17) text: Danny moves in to take the gun from Lenny.    Johnny spea pain, but still chipper.
139) 18) dialog: That wasn't one of your better shots was it now Daddy. If you want to shut me up it should have been a bit higher.
140) 0) text: Mickey and Roman are holding Johnny up, he's bleeding all over the place. Danny is facing front while another MAN i keeping an eye on them. We SEE, but the other's don't, Da is slowly screwing on a silencer.
140) 1) dialog: Don't worry just yet fellas, nothing's going to happen while we're standing in the elevator because they don't
140) 6) dialog: want to have to drag the three corpses across to the cars that would be hard work.
140) 11) dialog: In about two minutes from now, when we're all driving along happily,...
141) 1) dialog: Danny boy is going to turn around and "pop me" two in the head and one in throat just to make sure. (beat)
151) 1) dialog: Shouldn't have brought me here fellas, you're just going to end up as witnesses.
152) 1) dialog: After they have "dealt" with us, they're gonna put all three of us in the trunk of a stolen car,...
153) 1) dialog: And pour six gallons of petrol on top, I can let your imagination fill in the rest.
154) 1) dialog: But now Danny's rattled, he won't be able to wait because you now know what's coming, so he's gonna fire. Danny, who is now in a state because Johnny has predicted everything he's going to do, suddenly turns with his gun. Mickey catches it, the force of the stop pulls the trigge and the other MANS head is drilled through. Roman joins t wrestling match and gets the gun and wrist to aim at Dann head. The trigger gets squeezed and Danny's head also get a drilling. Silence. Johnny, who is smothered in blood, speaks coolly.
154) 2) dialog: Mickey, pass me the gun. Mickey is out to lunch, but Johnny sounds commanding.
154) 3) dialog: MICKEY quickly, pass me that gun in Dannys hand. Don't worry he can't defend himself he doesn't have a head, quickly now. Does this answer the question that you two so frequently asked as to why I sought refuge in the depths and perverse beauty of the crack pipe? The elevator door opens.
155) 5) text: He looks on in horror and points the gun at Johnny. Just he's about to fire,..there is a great smash of bone on ti Bandy falls to reveal One Two standing there with a large piece of timber.