26) 0) text: Two guys are here counting money. MEET ROMAN and MICKEY, two black Americans. (Mid 30s dressed very classy, with a bit of an urban twist) They are in the managing game, exploiting the talents of the English. The sound of distant bass thudding through the walls can heard while Mickey is on the phone trying to do some kind business. A real ROCKER with long hair and good looks com walking in distressed.
26) 5) dialog: (hand over the receiver) If you told me yesterday you needed dry ice, I would have gotten you the driest ice the world could offer, but you didn't ask for no dry ice. You asked for two cases of Johnny Walker black label and four ladies of the pole and I got them for you didn't I?
26) 7) dialog: Didn't I?
26) 9) dialog: My hat is deep and full of magic. I got rabbits, handkerchiefs, and ladies of the pole drinking Black Label. I got smoke machines, bubble machines, I even got love marines and still the hat goes deeper, but....there ain't no mother fuckin dry ice.
26) 13) dialog: What?
26) 19) dialog: What,..our Johnny?
26) 21) dialog: The only thing he's fallen off is his junkies spoon, he's no deader than the suit you're wearing now. He'll be gearing himself up somewhere happy as clam in a fisherman's net. Rockers like that never die, they just wither and give me pain.
61) 0) text: Mickey and Roman's SECRETARY walks in.
61) 7) dialog: Don't worry about it June, go and have another lunch.
61) 11) text: Lenny pops it in his mouth, chews a while and spits out t middle. He turns to face ROMAN and MICKEY, he does not lo happy.
61) 30) dialog: You gonna take care of him?
61) 32) text: What do you think we are, gangsters? That's not my style and especially not with genetics and all,... There is a look of confusion from Roman and Mickey.
68) 4) dialog: How about that then, Johnny Story's father? How did that get under the radar? Why doesn't anybody know?
68) 9) dialog: We're going to have to give him something, anything, a bed that's been slept in, a bone for his dog, some token of effort.
81) 0) text: Roman and Mickey have got a BAND on stage and the place i filling up. Roman is on the phone looking concerned as Mi looks on, he puts the phone down. We CUT TO our BAND playing on stage, modern young punkste Arctic Monkey types. Plenty of attitude.
82) 0) text: There is a long line of people outside Roman and Mickey's venue. Johnny and Pete hustle their way through the crowd the BOUNCER pulls them up.
83) 1) dialog: What's wrong with you?
91) 0) text: Mickey walks back to Roman.
91) 1) dialog: (to Roman) They're trying to shut us down!
93) 2) text: Mickey looks at the security camera and sees chaos.
93) 3) dialog: There is a revolution taking place outside.
94) 0) text: Roman and Mickey have come to find Cookie. He is with a GROUP of people having dinner including Fred the Head. We cut into him mid joke.
94) 5) text: The table laughs, Roman and Mickey approach.
123) 0) text: Mickey and Roman approach the crack house door and flick the letter box. They see a string hanging, they pull it a down comes a key.
124) 0) text: Roman and Mickey walk in to see Johnny slouched and watch TV, more silly cartoons. He's got his top off and he's smoking a ciggy. His feet are resting on an old chair and Pete is asleep next to him. Johnny hardly moves.
124) 8) dialog: Come back Johnny, come back home.
133) 0) text: Roman and Mickey are still here with Johnny.    Roman spe
136) 0) text: Johnny, Roman and Mickey walk toward the entrance.
137) 10) text: Roman and Mickey don't like any of this.
140) 0) text: Mickey and Roman are holding Johnny up, he's bleeding all over the place. Danny is facing front while another MAN i keeping an eye on them. We SEE, but the other's don't, Da is slowly screwing on a silencer.