0) 0) text: WE MEET: MUMBLES(late 30s) and ONE TWO (late 30s). They a listening to a sales pitch from two REAL ESTATE AGENTS. We SEE all the relevant pictures of their pitch explainin changing city, LONDON.
1) 0) text: CUT TO a modern looking LAWYER'S office.   We SEE the LAW advising MUMBLES AND ONE TWO.
6) 2) dialog: Lenny Cole?
6) 4) dialog: But he moves fast and he loves bricks and mortar.
7) 0) text: MEET LENNY COLE(50s, dark, a little tubby), Mumbles and O Two are here. Lenny's office is kitsch, he fancies himsel as a man of class.
7) 3) dialog: We got property.
9) 0) text: The Lawyer is on the phone with Mumbles and One Two.
10) 0) text: One two is on the phone.      He looks over to Mumbles.
10) 2) dialog: He can't get the planing?
11) 0) text: Lenny is looking out to One Two and Mumbles who are stand outside his car looking very white. Lenny screams from th back seat.
13) 0) text: One Two and Mumbles are here, it's quiet until,..
13) 2) dialog: And be left with what?
22) 0) text: Introduction of the SPEELER. A location of all things nefarious, a place to scam, buy and sell things illegal, play cards. MUMBLES and ONE TWO own the Speeler. MEET Handsome Bob (mid thirties, part of the gang Errrh Handso FRED THE HEAD(late 40s) he runs it with DOLLY(early 50s, maternal figure, cleaner and chef). These are the main players in a room of never less than TEN rarely no more t TWENTY people.
22) 5) dialog: Leave him alone Fred, you're stressing him out. Dolly get him a cuppa tea. (beat)
22) 9) dialog: Want to be dealt in?
23) 1) dialog: What's happening?
23) 3) dialog: The accountant, what about her? You haven't heard from her in a while, too dangerous that one.
23) 6) dialog: Let's have a meet.
29) 0) text: It's the next morning, we SEE One Two running. Mumbles an Handsome Bob pull up along side of him in their car. Ther is a moment of pause while they admire One Two running al side of them.
29) 1) dialog: Don't you get bored of that? I mean, your not really going anywhere. If you wanna run, why don't you run to the shops or do something useful?
29) 4) dialog: It's all about the zone isn't it?
29) 9) dialog: You boys and girls like to find funny places in your head where nothing can get you, don't you? You're scared, you're running away from yourself One Two.
29) 15) text: A bit like you One Two. Mumbles turns to Handsome Bob
29) 16) dialog: I reckon he's trying to get fit for the lady. Nothing gets under his skin like a lady he can't have, does it? (pause)
29) 21) dialog: He can't half run for a white fella.
32) 0) text: Mumbles, Handsome Bob, and One Two are standing here dres as security guards. Handsome Bob is watching over the car that is waiting for the TWO ACCOUNTANTS to come out of th back door of the warehouse. One Two and Mumbles are to th side.
32) 1) dialog: You ready?
32) 8) dialog: Don't be silly boys, do as you are told. Put the bags in the car, give him the keys and walk away smiling.
32) 17) dialog: (to accountants)
32) 20) dialog: What?
32) 23) dialog: Why? What did he ever do to you? Come on we've got the money now let's piss off! The Accountant has made his away back to the car.
33) 0) text: Mumbles and One Two take off driving.
33) 1) dialog: (looking)
33) 4) dialog: She's sick that bird of yours, sick. Quickly changing the subject.
33) 6) dialog: He's there.
49) 17) dialog: Glass of milk for me, my love. Our thieves move over to the table. MEET our cocky Scotsm MALCOLM and his partner in crime PAUL. Malcolm drops his bags and starts to get busy. He's got a strong Scottish accent that has been influenced by last nights crack for dinner and two large whisky's for breakfast.
49) 32) dialog: Where did you find these two junkies?
49) 44) dialog: Have a look at that, it's a six foot skunk. Everyone thinks its very fuckin funny.     The laughter i interrupted only by the buzzer. Buzzzzzzzzzz, Fred goes to answers the buzzer.
69) 0) text: The door opens Mumbles, One Two, Cookie, and Fred stand t A man, TOM in black tie opens the door, he looks posh and in his boxers.
69) 14) dialog: 'Cos you look like one of them.
71) 0) text: We CUT TO Mumbles on the sofa who is watching One Two, he grimaces. Bertie is next to him.
71) 1) dialog: And that's why they call him One                         Two.                                                    
71) 3) dialog: Does she now?
71) 5) dialog: That young man is the greatest gun slinger in town.
71) 9) dialog: How is that then?
71) 11) dialog: What secrets that then?
71) 13) dialog: Oh yeah, so what's his name?
71) 18) dialog: That's not nice, but while your at it, what's the price?
71) 20) text: Mumbles looks over to Handsome.
73) 0) text: We CUT TO Mumbles who has gone up to Handsome.
73) 1) dialog: Handsome, I got a job for you.    See that man on the couch.
73) 3) dialog: Do me a favor, chat him up.
73) 5) dialog: He's some big wig lawyer who knows about an informer in our part of town and since you were just looking at a five stretch, I thought you might be interested.
73) 6) text: Handsome gets the picture and heads over to Bertie. appears and approaches Mumbles.
73) 11) dialog: It's all go around here isn't it? Den of iniquity this place is. You know your old lady, well her big time lawyer husband he's a beard got a crush on the Handsome.
73) 13) dialog: Put it this way, I don't think they married for love.
78) 0) text: One Two and Mumbles are here eating and holding their implements of destruction to be used on the next "job" we SEE the details.
78) 4) dialog: We'll use rock salt in the shot gun cartridges. Slip 'em into the revolver, if it starts getting large, we'll bang a couple in to 'em and that'll slow 'em down. They won't know the difference between lead or salt and of course Bob's driving.
78) 6) dialog: What? He's our driver, the A-teams not complete without the driver. (beat) What's happened between you and Bob?
78) 9) dialog: What's that then?       That he's a poof?
78) 11) dialog: Everybody knows he's a flamer, you're the only one who doesn't. He loves the boys.
78) 13) dialog: Did he make a pass at you, is this what this is all about?
78) 15) dialog: Ok so what's the problem? It was supposed to be his last night so you "took care" of him, that's what friends do for one another, well done, I won't tell the chaps.
78) 20) dialog: What did you do?        Suck his,...
78) 22) dialog: Well, you must have touched him.
78) 24) dialog: Did you give him one?
80) 2) dialog: Was it a slow dance? One Two trails off,....
80) 4) dialog: I think there's something else you should know about our Bob.
80) 6) dialog: Who do you think looked after your Mum before she died, whilst you were doing a two stretch?
80) 11) dialog: (beat) 'Cos it wasn't fuckin me and I am your best pal!
80) 16) dialog: No, it was Bob around there six times a week without fail making sure she was looked after. You tore your mums heart out when you went away and Bob did his best to put it back. (pause)
80) 20) dialog: 'Cos that's Handsome Bob and he's class.
98) 0) text: Bob jumps out of his truck and runs down to the second ge car waiting. We SEE One Two and Mumbles get out of their car and run over to the Range Rover on its side, they are carrying an axe and bolt cutters. Inside, CHECHNYAN 2 slo opens his dazed eyes, to SEE an axe chopping through the window. TWO CHOPS and the window gives in. One Two leans in and grabs the case, but it's chained to CHECHNYAN 2's wrist. One Two pulls the arm out of the window and Mumble uses massive bolt cutters to cut the case free.
98) 1) dialog: There's another case, grab it. One Two leans in and grabs the second case from Chechnyan As he is about to chop this one loose, he is pulled into car by CHECHNYAN 2.
98) 11) text: One Two manages to head butt CHECHNYAN 2 and goes back to reclaiming the case from CHECHNYAN 1. He pulls it out and Mumbles cuts the chain. One Two can't see a thing.
98) 12) dialog: Let's go, we've got it.
98) 14) text: Major confusion is setting in. They run back to their car which is still running, Mumbles shoves One Two into the b and jumps in the drivers seat.
98) 16) text: With his window open, Mumbles wheel spins out of the situ and turns to check on One Two. From out of nowhere a very large CHECHNYAN arm shoots through the window and puts Mu in a neck lock. The CHECHNYAN 2 is holding on and not let go. The car tears across the road and enters a shop window th has a mezzanine. The car comes to a halt on a precarious ledge, it's dangling with the CHECHNYAN 2 still not letti go.
99) 4) text: Mumbles is coughing and slowly coming back to life.
99) 8) dialog: Let's get going.
99) 13) dialog: Grab my hand, we're getting out of here.
99) 15) dialog: I've got 'em. As they get out of the car, WE SEE CHECHNYAN 1 has now ma his way down the street. He is punch drunk with mace in h eyes, but extracts a machine gun from under his jacket. T boys freeze they are fucked, nowhere to go, but CHECHNYAN is blinking profusely he can't be sure where they are. He lets off a magazine into the manikins next to our boys wh all hit the deck. The magazine runs dry, CHECHNYAN 1 dips into his belt to extract a fresh one. Mumbles see's his opportunity, he grabs a golf club that is standing next t him, runs at CHECHNYAN 1 and takes a massive swipe at his head. CHECHNYAN 1 goes down, but he has already put in a new magazine. Mumbles is still carrying the cases, One Tw is attached to his arm.
99) 17) dialog: I can't fuckin shoot him, you do it. A baseball smashes into Mumbles face, he goes down, and h out. CHECHNYAN 2 has appeared carrying a metal baseball bat. One Two picks up the machine gun.
99) 20) dialog: (who has come back to life)
99) 28) dialog: Now One Two, now! They make their way to the entrance. There is a crowd of PEOPLE gathered, a great "ohhhhhhhh" goes up.
102) 0) text: One Two gets caught in a head lock by CHECHNYAN 2, they struggle. Mumbles hits the CHECHNYAN from behind with a c Jack and CHECHNYAN 2 goes down again. One Two's eyes have just about come back.
104) 0) text: We see Mumbles has caught up with One Two along side the tracks. He is on a motorbike that he has stolen.
104) 1) dialog: Get on!
109) 0) text: One Two and Handsome get into the car where Mumbles, nurs his own wounds, is already waiting. Handsome sits in the drivers seat when his phone goes.
118) 0) text: We see Mumbles and Handsome driving they are talking on t speaker phone.
118) 1) dialog: We've found out about that informer. Your lady "the beard," her old man came through.
118) 5) dialog: Who's Sidney Shaw?
131) 0) text: Handsome Bob and Mumbles pull up and get out. Handsome Bo puts the paper work in his top pocket and bangs on the fr door.
132) 0) text: One Two is being wrapped up in a carpet on the floor. He' still emmmmmmmmming and wriggling. We hear Handsome Bob a Mumbles at the front.
132) 1) dialog: One Two, it's us. Archy pays no attention to the door yet, he is on the pho to Lenny.
137) 12) text: The elevator arrives and they all pile in, including the rugs with One Two, Mumbles and Handsome Bob. 133   INT. WAREHOUSE ELEVATOR - CONT. A noise comes from one of the carpets.
139) 12) text: Johnny grabs the back of Lenny's chair and pushes him aro like he's a two year old, Lenny feels a right twit. One Two, Handsome Bob, and Mumbles observe.
150) 8) text: Archy throws a knife across to Mumbles who just catches i and starts to cut his way out of the ropes. Archy gets ba on with the job at hand. He reads through the names Lenny has grassed on over the years.
150) 12) text: One Two, Mumbles, and Handsome Bob are free.