18) 0) text: Down the block from the Motte house.  A yelling crowd of Sons of Liberty is massed around a Liberty Tree from whic hang dozens of glowing lanterns.  Most of the men in the crowd are drunk.  Vendors sell rum, ale, food and banners emblazoned with a coiled snake and the legend, "Don't Tread On Me."  Scores of on-lookers, including respectabl people, as well as street urchins, whores and drunkards, watch the proceedings. Several Sons of Liberty string up effigies of King George III and Governor Wilmington.  They light the effigies on fire.  As they begin to blaze, the crowd cheers.
79) 6) dialog: I know who you are, Gabriel Marion. The last time I saw you, I was nine and you put ink in my tea.
79) 8) dialog: It was you and it turned my teeth black for a month.
79) 17) dialog: You call that a compliment?
89) 0) text: A cold, winter rain falls.  Most of Marion's grim men are huddled in lean-to's and around campfires.  Green and several other Pembroke townspeople unload a wagon of supplies while Marion, Scott and Fielding stow the provisions. Gabriel and Anne sit at a fire, under the cover of a lean to, taking quietly.  He's troubled.  She tries to be hopeful.
89) 1) dialog: Next time we'll bring more blankets.
89) 3) dialog: Maybe we'll be lucky this winter and have just rain, no snow.
89) 5) dialog: Just because the French didn't come this fall, doesn't mean they're never going to come. He nods and takes a drink of the tea.  She smiles. Gabriel smiles back to her, revealing a mouthful of ink- stained, black teeth.  Before she has time to laugh... ROLLINS RIDES HARD INTO CAMP.  Marion hurries over, accompanied by the Great Danes.  The other men gather around.
108) 0) text: Marion walks in and stops dead.  At the altar of the smal sanctuary, HALF-A-DOZEN PEOPLE stand with Rev. Oliver.  A the center of the tiny gathering is Anne Green, flanked b her parents.
109) 0) text: In the shadows behind the church, the bride and groom say goodbye to the wedding party.  Anne talks quietly with he parents.  Marion and Gabriel talk nearby.
109) 7) dialog: I'm sorry we didn't give you more warning.
111) 0) text: A British packet, a small, fast warship, lies anchored just offshore.  A rowboat, manned by half-a-dozen sailors carrying a Redcoat Lieutenant, beaches.  Several Redcoats wait. The Lieutenant, carrying a dispatch case, jumps out off the boat, mounts a waiting horse and rides off.
117) 0) text: The small farm seen earlier, surrounded by hills, where the two boys, Rollins' sons ran down the hillside to catc a glimpse of the passing Marion and his brigade. The house smolders.  No sign of life.  Gabriel, Abner and a few other men warily ride the perimeter of the cleared area around the house. Marion, at the head of the rest of the brigade, waits nex to an increasingly frantic, Rollins.  They see Gabriel wave, signaling all clear. MARION, ROLLINS AND THE OTHER MEN RIDE to the house. Rollins is the first to see THE BODIES.  Horrified, he reins back and dismounts, almost falling. His TWO SONS, WIFE, an OLDER MAN and WOMAN, lie dead in the dirt.  Marion's men silently watch Rollins' agony. Weeping and confused, he moves in a mad, staccato manner, as if he were a marionette, whose strings were being jerked by a drunken puppeteer. Marion and Rev. Oliver dismount and move toward him. Rollins sees them coming.  He hardens and strides to his horse, pulling his FLINTLOCK PISTOL from his saddle holster. Rev. Oliver reaches out to embrace Rollins.
118) 0) text: Marion scans the night as Gabriel and Anne mount up.  The three of them ride off, pulling a line of horses, some heavily loaded packhorses and some saddled but empty mounts.
119) 0) text: Dark.  Quiet.  Gabriel and Anne wait in the shadows while Marion cocks his musket, checks his pistols and walks slowly toward the shack. He warily checks every shadow.  No one anywhere.  Then a SOUND -- A SQUEAL OF LAUGHTER, immediately followed by:
120) 0) text: Marion rides, leading his children, Charlotte and Anne up a steep, narrow path that cuts through a heavily wooded hillside.
127) 0) text: Marion washes the knife carefully, almost obsessively. Anne steps up behind him.
127) 1) dialog: May I ask you a question? Marion finishes with the knife and puts it away without explanation.
127) 3) dialog: Do you think Frances with an "e" is too manly a name for a girl?
127) 5) dialog: Do you think Francis with an "i" is too womanly a name for a boy?
127) 7) dialog: Good. Anne smiles and walks away.  Marion figures out what she just told him.
127) 9) dialog: Late summer.
127) 11) dialog: Thank you. Marion laughs at the thought.
128) 0) text: Marion's children swim and play with the two Great Danes in the pond at the base of the falls, along with Gabriel and Anne.  Marion and Charlotte sit on the bank, watching them. Charlotte turns and looks at Marion for a long moment. He's unaware.  As Charlotte looks at him, her smile disappears, replaced by anger.  She snaps at Marion.
135) 0) text: The Canadian Geese fly over Anne who is behind her father's store, tying food and provisions to a couple of packhorses.  A mare and a foal cavort in a nearby paddock Suddenly Anne senses someone behind her and turns to see HALF-A DOZEN REDCOATS.  She's initially frightened but th REDCOAT SERGEANT, speaks politely.
135) 2) dialog: Everyone?
136) 9) text: Proceed. The Redcoats turn to the Redcoat Officers.  The Redcoat officers turn to Wilkins, who struggles with himself. Tarleton calmly watches Wilkins' distress. Finally, Wilkins accepts it.  Weakly steadying his horse, he takes his place next to Tarleton. The Redcoats and Dragoons follow his lead and watch as Gaskins and the Loyalist Militiamen light the church on fire, heaving their torches onto the roof, through the windows and under the raised foundation. SCREAMS are heard from inside.  The DOOR THUDS with the shoulders of men trying to escape.  The CHAINS HOLD. As the FLAMES RISE, another group of Loyalist Militiamen and some Redcoats drag half-a-dozen young women out of a side-street... Among the women, desperately pleading, kicking and screaming, is ANNE... The men drag her and the other women into the livery stable... Tarleton watches them carried off, stone-faced... Then he turns and watches the church go up in FLAMES... A WINDOW SHATTERS, with a chair heaved from inside... SOME MEN TRY TO CLIMB OUT, but waiting Redcoats FIRE THEI MUSKETS POINT BLANK... KILLING THREE MEN, driving the others back... The SCREAMS FROM INSIDE THE CHURCH grow louder... The FLAMES AND SMOKE RISE...
138) 0) text: Marion and his men slowly ride into Pembroke.  The remain of the church smolder only slightly.  The town is deserted, no one, dead or alive, is visible. Unsure what they have found, Marion and his men spread ou and dismount, warily checking out the buildings, looking for some sign of life. Rev. Oliver and a few other men head for the charred remains of the church. Side-stepping some still-hot, charred beams, Rev. Oliver looks through the rubble... Then he sees the bodies... THE CAMERA CATCHES ONLY A FLEETING GLIMPSE of... Dozens of charred, blackened bodies, intertwined with the remains of the church... Rev. Oliver staggers from the rubble... The other men see what he has seen... One-by-one Marion and his men walk over and look into the remains of the church... Marion see several charred hands extended through a shattered window, as if grasping for escape... one of the hands is tiny, A CHILD'S HAND... Marion is stunned... No one says a word... Dalton and a few of the other men continue the search, weapons ready... They step into the livery stable, then walk out a moment later, ashen faced... Dalton speaks quietly to Marion, motioning toward an increasingly frantic Gabriel who has just found Anne's packhorses... Gabriel notices the gesture, he watches Marion walk into the livery stable... Growing more nervous by the second, Gabriel hurries after his father...