16) 0) text: Grand.  Four stories.  Marion and his children pull up. CHARLOTTE MOTTE hurries out.  She's in her mid-thirties, beautiful, with a deep sadness that she keeps hidden as best she can. The children leap from the carriages and swarm around her embracing her, smothering her with kisses.
16) 2) dialog: Welcome!  Welcome!  Margaret, William, look at you...! (to Marion)
16) 5) dialog: Thank you. Charlotte hustles the children toward the door.
16) 6) dialog: Come, come, inside, wait until you see what I have...
16) 9) dialog: Inside, inside... Charlotte sweeps past Marion who smiles and follows her into the house.
17) 0) text: Marion watches as Charlotte finishes handing out presents Susan plays with a new doll.  William has half-a-dozen ne spinning tops, skimming around the floor.  Margaret holds a new dress up to herself.  Samuel, Nathan and Thomas tea into packages holding platoons of lead soldiers.  Gabriel looks through a new book. Charlotte sees Marion watching her, rises and joins him a the doorway.
17) 2) dialog: As do you. Suddenly Thomas and Samuel race through the doorway, forcing Marion and Charlotte together, their bodies close They step back and exchange warm but uneasy smiles. The moment is broken by the SOUND OF CHILDREN.  Marion an Charlotte gratefully turn their attention back to them.
19) 4) dialog: Children, inside!  All of you! Right now. The children start to protest, but a glance at Charlotte' resolute expression makes them think better of it.  They file into the house.  Charlotte shoots a glare at Marion and shoos the children inside.  Gabriel steps out and joins them.
19) 12) dialog: And send us to war alongside Massachusetts.
47) 0) text: Marion and his children wait in the cover of the woods. They see a pair of shadowed figures coming toward them from the house, Gabriel and Charlotte.
48) 0) text: Charlotte sits, holding a sleeping Susan.  The other children lie awake on pallets.  Marion, still streaked with dried blood and sweat, tucks William and Margaret into bed.
48) 6) dialog: I'll stay with them. Marion nods and leaves Charlotte with the children.
50) 0) text: Marion stares at the fireplace.  Charlotte walks in carrying a pitcher and fresh clothing.
50) 1) dialog: They're asleep. Marion is silent.  Charlotte pours water into a washbowl and motions to Marion.  He takes off his shirt.  She begins cleaning away the blood and tending the wound on his neck.
50) 3) dialog: You couldn't have known.
50) 5) dialog: Thomas is dead but you've done nothing for which you should be ashamed.
50) 7) dialog: If you go, I'll care for them as if they were my own.
101) 0) text: A thick ground fog surrounds Charlotte's house.  The soft lights of candles glow in the windows.  All appears peaceful. Then, the SHADOWED FIGURES of THREE DOZEN GREEN DRAGOONS appear out of the mist, silently approaching the house on foot.
103) 0) text: A TORCH BURNS.  A dozen Dragoons light torches off of it and fan out to search.  The thick fog turns the torches into diffused, floating balls of light, turning the Dragoons into ghost-like apparitions. CAMERA FOLLOWS ONE OF THE TORCHES, carried by a particularly rough-looking Dragoon who skirts the edge of the underbrush closest to the house.  As the torch moves, its flame sends long shadows and shafts of light into the underbrush... The CAMERA STOPS to reveal, in the brush, TWO FACES, GABRIEL AND CHARLOTTE, dark, motionless, watching the search.  Behind them, MARION'S OTHER CHILDREN, Nathan, Samuel, Margaret, William and Susan... Around them, SEVERAL MORE OF MARION'S MEN, including ABNE BROWN, weapons ready.  The moving lights play on their faces. AT THE FRONT OF THE HOUSE, the torches converge, illuminating Tarleton who gives the unheard order.  The torches fan out and begin SETTING FIRE TO THE HOUSE, BARN AND OUTBUILDINGS. MARGARET grips Charlotte's arm.  Gabriel motions and they all ease back, disappearing into the brush.
104) 0) text: A compound of rude shacks, built of scraps of lumber and rough-hewn logs, stands on the side of the Magpie River. Marion's men wait with the children while Abner, Charlott and Gabriel, flanked by Aaron and Abigail, Marion's middle-aged, black servants, seen in the opening sequence talk with several stern-looking, middle-aged, black FREEDMEN. The conversation, which is out of the children's earshot, is testy, with one of the middle-aged freedmen particularly troubled. Marion's stone-faced children look around, appraising their surroundings, registering the poverty of the shanty town. THE DISCUSSION BETWEEN THE GROWN-UPS ends with a guarded exchange of handshakes.  Gabriel, Charlotte, Abner, Aaron and Abigail rejoin the children and Marion's men.
104) 2) dialog: This will do fine. She turns to Aaron and Abigail.
104) 3) dialog: Thank you. Charlotte walks inside without looking back.  The childre hesitate, then follow her inside.
105) 0) text: The children help Aaron and Abigail make beds out of armloads of hay.  OUTSIDE, Charlotte and Gabriel talk quietly.
105) 1) dialog: So he's the one they talk about, the Swamp Fox.
105) 3) dialog: I thought it might be him, the bits and pieces we heard, a veteran, fought in the French and Indian War, knows the swamps.
105) 5) dialog: We'll be alright, here, for now. (beat)
105) 10) dialog: Speaking for months now.
120) 0) text: Marion rides, leading his children, Charlotte and Anne up a steep, narrow path that cuts through a heavily wooded hillside.
122) 0) text: POURING RAIN.  The ceiling drips.  Marion lies, awake, with his children huddled against him, sleeping in one of the few dry spots.  They're covered with tattered quilts. On the other side of the children, Charlotte is also awake.  She and Marion exchange a long, silent look in th darkness, over the heads of the sleeping children.
128) 0) text: Marion's children swim and play with the two Great Danes in the pond at the base of the falls, along with Gabriel and Anne.  Marion and Charlotte sit on the bank, watching them. Charlotte turns and looks at Marion for a long moment. He's unaware.  As Charlotte looks at him, her smile disappears, replaced by anger.  She snaps at Marion.
128) 1) dialog: I'm not my sister. Startled, Marion turns to Charlotte.
128) 3) dialog: I said, I'm not my sister.
128) 5) dialog: Do you?
128) 7) dialog: (irritated)
128) 8) text: Very well, then. She turns from him.  Marion, tries to figure out what jus happened.  After a long moment he gets it.  Stunned at first, his gears turn.  After a very thoughtful moment he turns to Charlotte and offers a tentative smile.  She rolls her eyes.
130) 0) text: Marion wakes.  He looks across his sleeping children and sees that Charlotte isn't in her place on the other side of them.  He rises and walks out into the night.
131) 0) text: Marion walks into the glen.  He tenses, sensing someone i front of him.  Then he sees CHARLOTTE AT THE EDGE OF THE WOODS.  Neither one speaks... They walk silently to each other.  They stop, looking at each other closely, as if seeing one another for the firs time... Only then do they kiss.  The kiss grows more passionate.. then much more passionate...
132) 0) text: Marion finishes tying his gear onto his horse.  The children are silent.  He stands beside his horse.  One after another, the children walk to him and embrace him - Nathan, Samuel, Margaret, William. He sees Susan, standing next to Charlotte.  He motions to her but she doesn't move.  Then he kneels down and gently hugs her.
132) 3) dialog: Goodbye. They embrace.  Though the hug is chaste, their eyes tell different story.  Only Anne and Margaret notice, but to them it's as clear as a bell.  They exchange a knowing look. Marion and Charlotte break apart, self-consciously. Marion and Gabriel mount up and start to ride away.  As they're about to round a curve and disappear, SUSAN CRIES
167) 0) text: Marion's children and Charlotte sit by the river.  Samuel sits on the lookout ledge with his musket.  Suddenly he stands, looking out, seeing something. Charlotte and the others notice.  They're worried.  Then they see Samuel throw down his musket and tear down the path, running as fast as he can, tumbling, then regaining his feet... Charlotte and the others know who's coming... The children take off running after Samuel... Racing toward the road... Charlotte hurries after them... AND THEN THEY SEE HIM... MARION, riding at a full gallop... The children cry out with tears of joy... MARION see Susan... He gallops toward her... LEANS OVER... Without slowing, he SWOOPS HER UP into the saddle... She wraps herself around him... He reins back, stops and dismounts, just as the other children reach him... They throw themselves into his arms... embracing him... Charlotte hurries up behind them... She and Marion lock eyes and he is enveloped by the hugs of his children.
168) 0) text: Summer.  The apple tree at the top of the hill is covered with apples. Marion's house is partially rebuilt and habitable.  The workshop is already completed. MARION'S CHILDREN, Nathan, Samuel, Margaret and William, play in the tall grass in front of the house with the two GREAT DANES. CHARLOTTE sits on the front porch, NURSING AN INFANT. MARION walks out of his workshop, trailed by Susan.  He carries a just-completed rocking chair. The chair is a work of art, thin and light, a spider-web of perfectly turned wood, no nails, no glue. He steps onto the porch next to Charlotte and places the rocking chair next to her.
168) 2) dialog: Lovely. He smiles and make a minute adjustment in the chair's position.  Then he sits down, settles back and begins rocking.  Not a creak. Marion and Charlotte watch Susan run out of the yard, calling as she joins the other children.