2) 0) text: A farm built between the banks of the river and the deep green of the swamps.  Good, fertile land, hacked out of the wilderness. The perfectly tended fields are ripe with barley, hops, alfalfa and tobacco.  Two sturdy brothers, NATHAN, 13 and SAMUEL, 12, work one of the fields, rhythmically swinging scythes through the barley. The house, built of native brick, is well-constructed and well-maintained.  There's a barn, a workshop and a forge. It is a home of substance rather than wealth.  On the front porch, MARGARET, 11, pumps a butter churn while her brother, WILLIAM, 6, watches. GABRIEL, 18, strong and handsome, walks out of the woods with a musket in his hand and a dozen game-birds over his shoulder.  At his side walks THOMAS, 14, also carrying a musket.
4) 5) dialog: Father, a post rider came from Charleston.  You have a letter inside.
6) 5) dialog: News of Boston, father?
6) 8) dialog: Father...?
11) 0) text: Squadrons of lead soldiers stand ready for battle as Thomas, lying on the floor, deploys his men.  Gabriel reads the new pamphlets and broadsides.  Marion walks in and pours a drink.  Gabriel hands several of the pamphlet to his father.
11) 1) dialog: The New York and Rhode Island assemblies have been dissolved...
11) 3) dialog: Rioting both sides of the bay, in Chestertown they burned the Customs House and tar-and-feathered the Customs Agent.  He died of burns. In Wilmington they killed a Royal Magistrate and two Redcoats.
11) 5) dialog: Poor Richard says they'll make a Declaration of Independence by July. Marion shakes his head and sits down, carefully extractin a delicate pair of reading glasses from a wooden box.  He begins reading.
11) 6) dialog: Scott Higgins joined the militia. Marion hears but doesn't respond.  Thomas looks up from his lead soldiers.
11) 7) dialog: He's seventeen.  A year younger than I. Gabriel and Thomas wait for a reaction.  There is none. Gabriel goes back to reading and Thomas resumes playing with his toy soldiers.  Marion's eyes drift from the page to Gabriel.
14) 0) text: Passing through rolling farmland, the Marions head toward the coast.  They pass a large contingent of South Carolin Militia, drilling in a field.  The children, particularly Gabriel, watch avidly.
15) 0) text: A big, bustling city.  Marion and Gabriel negotiate the carriages through the busy streets.  The children watch, wide-eyed, seeing taverns, a public gallows, drunkards, street entertainers, well-dressed ladies attended by thei maids, food venders, a man with a trained bear.
17) 0) text: Marion watches as Charlotte finishes handing out presents Susan plays with a new doll.  William has half-a-dozen ne spinning tops, skimming around the floor.  Margaret holds a new dress up to herself.  Samuel, Nathan and Thomas tea into packages holding platoons of lead soldiers.  Gabriel looks through a new book. Charlotte sees Marion watching her, rises and joins him a the doorway.
19) 0) text: Marion's children, except Gabriel, stand on the balcony watching the mob.  Marion steps out onto the balcony.
19) 6) dialog: The British army is barricaded in Boston.  Harry Lee, is here from Virginia, recruiting for a Continental Army.
19) 8) dialog: Yes.  He seeks a levy of troops and money.
19) 10) dialog: He vowed that if the Assembly votes a single shilling to Lee, he'll dissolve the body.
19) 14) dialog: Lee is counting on your vote and expects you to be the first to enlist. Marion nods thoughtfully without revealing what he thinks of Lee's expectations.  Marion turns back to watch the mob.
20) 0) text: The capital building of South Carolina.  A large crowd of lower-class men and women is massed in front of the Assembly Hall.  As well-dressed Assemblymen walk into the building, the CROWD YELLS words of encouragement to some and berates others. In the square in front of the Assembly Hall a squadron of blue-uniformed AMERICAN CONTINENTAL SOLDIERS drills.  A recruiting table is being set up by a Continental Captain and several military clerks. Marion and Gabriel walk across the square toward the Assembly Hall.  As they push their way through the crowd, Gabriel eyes the Continentals.
22) 2) dialog: Father, I've lost respect for you. I thought you were a man of principle.
22) 4) dialog: When I have children, I hope I don't hide behind them. Marion looks closely at Gabriel.
22) 6) dialog: Yes. They lock eyes for a moment, then Gabriel turns from his father and walks away, joining the crush around the recruiting table. Marion stands alone in the middle of the chaos.  The FIFE AND DRUMS continue to play.  Marion doesn't hear them. Harry Lee walks out of the Assembly hall with a triumphan group of Patriots who look at Marion coldly. Lee excuses himself, and steps over next to Marion.  Lee sees that Marion is watching Gabriel at the enlistment table.
32) 12) dialog: Have you seen any Redcoats?
32) 14) dialog: It wasn't like Saratoga.  There, we stayed in the trees, but this time Gates marched us straight at the Redcoats.  They fired two volleys into us and we broke like straw.  I was given these dispatches... I saw Virginia Regulars surrender... as they laid down their weapons the British Green Dragoons rode into them and hacked them to bits... killed them all, over two hundred men. Marion's appalled.
32) 16) dialog: I have to get these dispatches to Hillsboro.
32) 18) dialog: I have no choice, I... Gabriel passes out.  Marion catches him and carries him t a day-bed in the parlor.  As Marion lays him down, they hear HEAVY MUSKET FIRE, VERY CLOSE. Marion hurries to the door and looks out into the night, the children cluster around him, seeing a strange sight.
38) 0) text: Marion and his children tend the wounded.  Gabriel, weak but walking, helps.  REDCOAT INFANTRY appears out of the woods, heading toward the house.  Three dozen men.  Scout and flank units covering the main body.  Marion gathers his family around him, stands and waits. The Redcoats get to the house, warily eye the wounded and Marion's family.  A young REDCOAT LIEUTENANT motions his men to check out the house and barn, then looks at the wounded, doing a silent count.  He turns to Marion.
38) 3) dialog: I carried those.  I was wounded, these people gave me care, they have nothing to do with the dispatches.
38) 10) dialog: I did.
38) 12) text: Take this one to Camden, he's a spy. He will be hung. Marion quickly steps between Tarleton and Gabriel.
38) 22) dialog: Father...
42) 0) text: Margaret waits in the shed with William and Susan.  They hear a SOUND.  APPROACHING FOOTSTEPS.  Margaret pulls her sister and brother to her and waits. The door opens.  It's Marion and Gabriel, Nathan and Samuel.  Margaret and the little ones throw themselves into Marion's arms. Margaret notices the blood on Marion.  She hesitates but her relief tightens her embrace.
46) 1) dialog: The Morgans, the Halseys, Williams, Stantons... The smoke from the separate fires joins together high in the sky, forming what looks like stormclouds.  They walk on.
47) 0) text: Marion and his children wait in the cover of the woods. They see a pair of shadowed figures coming toward them from the house, Gabriel and Charlotte.
47) 1) dialog: Father, it's safe. Marion hustles the children out of the woods.
49) 0) text: Marion enters.  He starts to pace but grows unsteady.  He rears back as if screaming but no sound comes from his mouth, as he looks upstairs, knowing his children are searching for the solace of sleep. He opens a cabinet, pulls out a bottle of liquor, pours and drinks.  Then another. THE SOUND OF HORSEMEN.  Gabriel walks in.  Tired.  Grim.
49) 1) dialog: How are they? Marion just shakes his head.
49) 2) dialog: Gates is at Hillsboro with the Continental Army.  I'll leave in the morning to join him. Marion nods.  Marion and Gabriel stand in silence for a long moment, neither one finding words.  Then Gabriel speaks softly.
49) 3) dialog: I'll tend my horse. He leaves Marion alone.
51) 0) text: Marion and Gabriel finish saddling their horses.  Marion embraces Nathan and Samuel.  Then he turns to Margaret, William and Susan.
52) 0) text: Marion and Gabriel ride past the signs of a small skirmish.  Bodies.  Abandoned wagons.  Dead horses.  A burning farm.
53) 0) text: Marion and Gabriel ride to the crest of a hill.  A vista spreads out before them.  They see an awesome sight -- A MASSIVE SLASH OF RED approaches a MASSIVE SLASH OF BLUE. A battle is taking place about five miles away. Gabriel starts to spur his horse but Marion restrains him
53) 5) dialog: Father, we have to do something... The British cavalry slams into the blue line, shattering it.  Tiny bits of blue move in every direction.
53) 6) dialog: Father...
54) 0) text: A nightmare.  SCREAMS OF AGONY.  A few hundred battered, Patriot survivors treat their wounded and prepare to move out.  The battle, so bloodless and beautiful at a distance, has, in its aftermath, become horrifically painful and ugly. Marion and Gabriel ride into camp, passing nervous sentries and a field surgery which is surrounded by pools of blood and amputated legs and arms.  Marion sees HARRY LEE at a make-shift command post, barking orders, trying to pull things together.
54) 38) dialog: Colonel Lee, I request a transfer to Colonel Marion's command.
55) 0) text: Marion and Gabriel stand watching Lee and his Continental regulars move out.  Gabriel turns to Marion.
55) 1) dialog: What now, sir?
55) 3) dialog: We'd cover more ground if we split up.
55) 5) dialog: Colonel, I didn't request this transfer because you're my father. I requested it because I believe in this cause and this is where I can do the most good.
55) 7) dialog: I've been doing this for two years. I'm the best scout in the Continental Army, the best horseman, the best shot, the best scavenger and I know every deer path and swamp trail between here and Charleston.
55) 9) dialog: Yes, sir. (beat)
55) 10) text: My father taught me. Marion looks at Gabriel closely.
55) 12) dialog: He tried.  It didn't take. Marion looks Gabriel up and down.
55) 14) dialog: Yes, sir. They mount up.
55) 17) dialog: Yes... (beat)
60) 0) text: A CACOPHONY OF BIRDS AND INSECTS.  Swamp maples and willows form a canopy over moss-covered mounds and pools of plant-choked water. Gabriel leads several men, riding along a dry path that snakes through the swamp.  They cross a narrow land bridg onto a wooded island, joining a dozen-and-a-half men, including Marion who kneels at a campfire. CLOSE SHOT:  Several of Thomas' brightly painted LEAD SOLDIERS MELT in a cast-iron pan.  The little men fall to their knees then lose form, turning into bubbling, molten metal. The new arrivals dismount and greet the others. Gabriel steps up behind Marion and watches as he pours th lead into a bullet mold, closes the lid and dips the mold into a bucket of water which HISSES and STEAMS.
60) 1) dialog: Father, this war is about more than Thomas. Marion doesn't look up.
60) 3) dialog: If you're here only for revenge, you're doing a disservice to him as well as yourself.
60) 5) dialog: You know how old I am.
65) 0) text: A British supply train of several dozen wagons, a herd of horses and accompanying Redcoats makes its way. ON A WOODED HILLSIDE, Gabriel lies on the ground, observing the convoy.  He eases back, mounts up, and ride off.
66) 0) text: Marion and his men wait, well-hidden in the brush on a rise, just above the bridge.  Gabriel rides up.
66) 1) dialog: Less than a mile.  Forty-one wagons, a company of Redcoat infantry, horses at the rear.
66) 3) dialog: I didn't see any. Marion nods and motions to his men who check their weapon and pass the word.  Gabriel ties up his horse and takes a position near his father.
68) 26) dialog: And the dogs, too, I'll wager.
69) 0) text: Marion sits at Cornwallis' ornate, folding campaign desk, reading Cornwallis' journal, surrounded by Cornwallis' field gear which includes furniture, music boxes, oil paintings and an elaborate folding commode.  The TWO GREA DANES sit nearby, eyeing Marion warily. The men have divided themselves into two groups, one coarse, the other civilized, each clustered around a separate fire. The coarse men, including Dalton, Brother Joseph and RANDOLPH, a grizzled, black-toothed mountain man, drink and laugh loudly, wearing Cornwallis' wigs askew. The civilized men, including Rev. Oliver, Gabriel, Scott, Fielding and Abner, talk quietly. Marion puts down the journal and walks over to the campfire where the rougher men are gathered.  He stands just inside the firelight and speaks loudly, so that all can hear:
69) 14) dialog: He shouldn't make light.  That Redcoat should not have been killed.
69) 17) dialog: He's my father. Billings looks closely at Gabriel.
69) 18) dialog: I know him well enough?
70) 0) text: The men are beginning to stir, gathering around the campfires, cooking, using pots, pans and other gear from the stolen British wagons. Marion reads Cornwallis' journal.  He looks up, stretches and walks over to a campfire where Gabriel, Billings and Rev. Oliver cook.  The dogs follow at a distance.
70) 6) dialog: Father?
73) 0) text: At the far end of town Marion, Gabriel, Billings, Dalton, Scott and several other men slip through the shadows into an alley.  The lights from the ball shine from down the street and the MUSICAL STRAINS of a MINUET drift to them through the night.
76) 0) text: Marion and Scott shove their chisels through the door which falls away from the hinges.  They all duck inside finding barrels and casks of gunpowder, boxes of weapons and hundreds of muskets. Gabriel and the others load themselves up with the best o the weapons as Marion opens a cask and pours a trail of gunpowder across the floor.
79) 7) dialog: I... uh... that wasn't me, it was Samuel... I mean Nathan...
79) 9) dialog: Uh... uh... I...
79) 16) dialog: If I'd known you were going to look like this, I never would have put ink in your tea.
79) 18) dialog: It's a start. She gives him a bit of a smile.  He checks out her teeth.
79) 19) dialog: They look nice.  As white as can be. She tries to glare but she can't help but laugh. MARION AND BILLINGS watch as Anne gives Gabriel some apples which he tosses into the air, one-by-one, catching them behind his back, a cocky move, executed with a disarming smile that makes Anne laugh again.  Marion smiles at his son's flirtation.  Billings smiles as well.
81) 0) text: Marion and forty of his men, including Gabriel, sit on their motionless horses in the middle of the road.  There are a number of new faces among Marion's men, among them Ben Rollins.  Gabriel is lost in thought.
81) 2) dialog: We're low on salt.  I should go to Pembroke and get some.
81) 4) dialog: Oh, right. (beat)
87) 4) dialog: Father, no... As Marion spurs his horse to ride after Tarleton, Gabriel grabs the bridle.  He YANKS HARD, stopping Marion's horse dead.  THE HORSE BUCKS, nearly throwing Marion...
87) 7) dialog: Father, please... Marion looks down at Gabriel.  Then Marion looks over at Billings and the three wounded men... One bleeds from an ugly neck wound... their shared mounts are nearly spent... Marion takes a last look in the direction of the departin Tarleton.  Then he dismounts and hurries over to help the wounded.  Gabriel watches his father for a moment, then joins him with the wounded.
88) 0) text: Dark.  Marion and his battered men gather, taking stock. Men drift in, mounted and on foot in ones and twos, past wary sentries.  GABRIEL RIDES UP, dismounts and reports t Marion, out of earshot of the other men.
88) 1) dialog: Fourteen dead, eleven wounded, eighteen captured.
88) 3) dialog: When was that?  In the swamp at the expense of your men?  Or when he killed Thomas at the expense of your family?
88) 5) dialog: Or perhaps tomorrow at the expense of our cause. Marion is silent.
88) 6) dialog: There will be a time and a place for revenge but killing Tarleton at the expense of your duty serves no one but yourself. (beat)
88) 7) text: Stay the course. The parental-sounding formality of Gabriel's words brings a thin smile to Marion's face.
88) 9) dialog: She'd say it to me when I picked on Thomas or Nathan.
88) 11) dialog: She got me at a more impressionable age. Marion smiles, nods a silent thanks to his son and heads over to help with the wounded.
89) 0) text: A cold, winter rain falls.  Most of Marion's grim men are huddled in lean-to's and around campfires.  Green and several other Pembroke townspeople unload a wagon of supplies while Marion, Scott and Fielding stow the provisions. Gabriel and Anne sit at a fire, under the cover of a lean to, taking quietly.  He's troubled.  She tries to be hopeful.
89) 2) dialog: That would be nice.
89) 4) dialog: That would be nice, too. She takes a pot off the campfire and pours him a cup of tea.
89) 7) dialog: But they're prisoners-of-war! Marion isn't as surprised as Gabriel.  He is, however, taken aback by Gabriel's black teeth.  Gabriel notices everyone looking at his mouth. Anne is embarrassed and regretful, seeing her joke fly in the face of the troubling news.
103) 0) text: A TORCH BURNS.  A dozen Dragoons light torches off of it and fan out to search.  The thick fog turns the torches into diffused, floating balls of light, turning the Dragoons into ghost-like apparitions. CAMERA FOLLOWS ONE OF THE TORCHES, carried by a particularly rough-looking Dragoon who skirts the edge of the underbrush closest to the house.  As the torch moves, its flame sends long shadows and shafts of light into the underbrush... The CAMERA STOPS to reveal, in the brush, TWO FACES, GABRIEL AND CHARLOTTE, dark, motionless, watching the search.  Behind them, MARION'S OTHER CHILDREN, Nathan, Samuel, Margaret, William and Susan... Around them, SEVERAL MORE OF MARION'S MEN, including ABNE BROWN, weapons ready.  The moving lights play on their faces. AT THE FRONT OF THE HOUSE, the torches converge, illuminating Tarleton who gives the unheard order.  The torches fan out and begin SETTING FIRE TO THE HOUSE, BARN AND OUTBUILDINGS. MARGARET grips Charlotte's arm.  Gabriel motions and they all ease back, disappearing into the brush.
104) 0) text: A compound of rude shacks, built of scraps of lumber and rough-hewn logs, stands on the side of the Magpie River. Marion's men wait with the children while Abner, Charlott and Gabriel, flanked by Aaron and Abigail, Marion's middle-aged, black servants, seen in the opening sequence talk with several stern-looking, middle-aged, black FREEDMEN. The conversation, which is out of the children's earshot, is testy, with one of the middle-aged freedmen particularly troubled. Marion's stone-faced children look around, appraising their surroundings, registering the poverty of the shanty town. THE DISCUSSION BETWEEN THE GROWN-UPS ends with a guarded exchange of handshakes.  Gabriel, Charlotte, Abner, Aaron and Abigail rejoin the children and Marion's men.
104) 1) dialog: It's all set. They follow Aaron, down an alley to A SHACK.  Small. Barely standing.  The children stop in their tracks, knowing this is to be their new home. Charlotte sees their hesitation.  She walks up to the little structure, examining it with a critical eye.  She looks on the doorway, seeing a single room, a dirt floor, wax-paper instead of glass in the windows, a rude, chimney-less fire-pit against the back wall.  She smiles.
105) 0) text: The children help Aaron and Abigail make beds out of armloads of hay.  OUTSIDE, Charlotte and Gabriel talk quietly.
105) 2) dialog: Yes.
105) 4) dialog: They won't stop looking for you and the children.
105) 6) text: How is he? Gabriel searches for an honest answer.
105) 7) dialog: I don't know... I'm his son. Gabriel steps over to his saddlebags, opens his pack and pulls out a stack of letters which he hands to Charlotte.
105) 8) dialog: These are for you and the children. They sense someone behind them.
105) 12) dialog: He wanted to, Susan, but he couldn't leave his men.
105) 14) dialog: I know he did and he's sorry.  He'll come back as soon as he can. Susan says nothing.  Gabriel continues, hopefully.
105) 15) dialog: There are some letters here from him.  Some are just to you.
105) 17) dialog: You don't hate him.
106) 0) text: An astonished Marion talks to Gabriel.
106) 2) dialog: Full sentences.  As if she had been speaking all along.
106) 5) dialog: She said... she loves you and misses you but she understands why you can't be there with her.
106) 8) dialog: Father, there's something else I need to talk to you about.
106) 10) dialog: Come with me.  I'll tell you when we get there. Marion nods and curiously follows Gabriel.
107) 0) text: Dark.  The village square is deserted.  Marion follows Gabriel into the shadow of the village church.  They dismount, tie up their horses and enter the back door of the church.
108) 1) dialog: Father, I'm looking for a best man. Marion is stunned but recovers quickly.
109) 0) text: In the shadows behind the church, the bride and groom say goodbye to the wedding party.  Anne talks quietly with he parents.  Marion and Gabriel talk nearby.
109) 1) dialog: Sir, I'd like to request a furlough. Two days?
109) 3) dialog: Cheraw Falls.
109) 5) dialog: I know. They're silent for a moment.
115) 2) dialog: Tarleton has a list of our men, most are on it.  A regiment of dragoons is going to the homes on the list, burning them, killing whomever resists, women and children, as well.
115) 4) dialog: Seven homes along the Black River so far... Rollins doesn't pause.  He rushes to his horse, mounts up and rides off.  Marion and the other men mount up and rid off fast after him.
117) 0) text: The small farm seen earlier, surrounded by hills, where the two boys, Rollins' sons ran down the hillside to catc a glimpse of the passing Marion and his brigade. The house smolders.  No sign of life.  Gabriel, Abner and a few other men warily ride the perimeter of the cleared area around the house. Marion, at the head of the rest of the brigade, waits nex to an increasingly frantic, Rollins.  They see Gabriel wave, signaling all clear. MARION, ROLLINS AND THE OTHER MEN RIDE to the house. Rollins is the first to see THE BODIES.  Horrified, he reins back and dismounts, almost falling. His TWO SONS, WIFE, an OLDER MAN and WOMAN, lie dead in the dirt.  Marion's men silently watch Rollins' agony. Weeping and confused, he moves in a mad, staccato manner, as if he were a marionette, whose strings were being jerked by a drunken puppeteer. Marion and Rev. Oliver dismount and move toward him. Rollins sees them coming.  He hardens and strides to his horse, pulling his FLINTLOCK PISTOL from his saddle holster. Rev. Oliver reaches out to embrace Rollins.
118) 0) text: Marion scans the night as Gabriel and Anne mount up.  The three of them ride off, pulling a line of horses, some heavily loaded packhorses and some saddled but empty mounts.
119) 0) text: Dark.  Quiet.  Gabriel and Anne wait in the shadows while Marion cocks his musket, checks his pistols and walks slowly toward the shack. He warily checks every shadow.  No one anywhere.  Then a SOUND -- A SQUEAL OF LAUGHTER, immediately followed by:
128) 0) text: Marion's children swim and play with the two Great Danes in the pond at the base of the falls, along with Gabriel and Anne.  Marion and Charlotte sit on the bank, watching them. Charlotte turns and looks at Marion for a long moment. He's unaware.  As Charlotte looks at him, her smile disappears, replaced by anger.  She snaps at Marion.
133) 0) text: Grim.  The most rudimentary of the encampments we've seen Rain pours.  Some of Marion's men huddle under lean-to's and quickly rigged tents that offer only partial protection from the cold rain. Abner and Scott do their best to keep a wet-wood fire going.  Rev. Oliver tries to cook. Marion and Gabriel ride up and dismount.  Marion joins Rev. Oliver.
137) 0) text: SILENCE.  A dark forest of old growth trees.  No underbrush.  Marion and a couple dozen of his men, including Gabriel, Rev. Oliver, and Dalton ride warily on a carpet of pine needles toward a thin column of smoke, visible over the treetops in the distance. With hand signals, Marion directs his men to fan out. They do so, weaving through the dark forest, weapons ready.
138) 0) text: Marion and his men slowly ride into Pembroke.  The remain of the church smolder only slightly.  The town is deserted, no one, dead or alive, is visible. Unsure what they have found, Marion and his men spread ou and dismount, warily checking out the buildings, looking for some sign of life. Rev. Oliver and a few other men head for the charred remains of the church. Side-stepping some still-hot, charred beams, Rev. Oliver looks through the rubble... Then he sees the bodies... THE CAMERA CATCHES ONLY A FLEETING GLIMPSE of... Dozens of charred, blackened bodies, intertwined with the remains of the church... Rev. Oliver staggers from the rubble... The other men see what he has seen... One-by-one Marion and his men walk over and look into the remains of the church... Marion see several charred hands extended through a shattered window, as if grasping for escape... one of the hands is tiny, A CHILD'S HAND... Marion is stunned... No one says a word... Dalton and a few of the other men continue the search, weapons ready... They step into the livery stable, then walk out a moment later, ashen faced... Dalton speaks quietly to Marion, motioning toward an increasingly frantic Gabriel who has just found Anne's packhorses... Gabriel notices the gesture, he watches Marion walk into the livery stable... Growing more nervous by the second, Gabriel hurries after his father...
138) 1) dialog: Anne...? As Gabriel gets to the entrance of the livery stable, Marion walks out and intercepts him.
138) 3) dialog: Is it her?  Is Anne in there?
139) 2) dialog: Father, tell me what happened at Fort Wilderness?
139) 4) dialog: No, I don't.
139) 6) dialog: Tell me what everyone doesn't know.
139) 8) dialog: That the French and Cherokees captured the fort and when you retook it, you took revenge on them for what they did during the occupation.
139) 10) dialog: That's not enough.  Tell me.
139) 13) dialog: I'm not my mother.  I can't have the respect without the knowing. Marion's quiet for a moment.  Then he speaks:
139) 17) dialog: Go on.
139) 21) text: That seemed to make a difference. The war went another year, things went better... and men bought us drinks. Gabriel is silent.  Marion looks at him closely.
139) 23) dialog: I see, do as I say, not as I do.
140) 0) text: Mixed gatherings of Marion's militia and Continentals are clustered around the campfires, with more Continentals arriving all the time. Some of the militiamen and regulars regale each other wit tales of their exploits but most are grim and tired, talking quietly. A couple of Patriots play a MELANCHOLY TUNE ON FIFE AND VIOLIN. Marion's tent is set up but he's nowhere to be seen. Gabriel walks to Marion's gear.  Finding Marion's weapon' belt he opens one of the bullet pouches and finds the paint-flecked MUSKET BALLS MADE FROM THOMAS' LEAD SOLDIERS.  As Gabriel takes one, Marion steps up behind him.
140) 2) dialog: As you did at Fort Wilderness? Before Marion can answer they see HARRY LEE RIDE UP TO THEM.  He dismounts, excited, voluble.  He strides over, pleased to see Marion, oblivious to his and Gabriel's mood.
140) 5) text: And on top of everything, I have a son!  Born last month in Alexandria. Gabriel rises and walks away.  Lee finally tunes into the pall hanging over Marion and the just departed Gabriel. He turns to Marion.
144) 0) text: Marion and his men BLAST THROUGH THE BRUSH.  Running toward the SOUNDS OF THE BATTLE, which grows louder with every step... Marion cocks his pistol and extracts his tomahawk on the run... The LIGHTS OF THE BATTLE:  The STROBES OF THE MUSKET SHOT illuminate the woods ahead of them... Moving fast, they PASS TWO DEAD BRITISH SENTRIES, without slowing down... THEY BLAST OUT OF THE WOODS into... THE CLEARING, seeing a tableau of TOTAL CHAOS: Half-dressed GREEN DRAGOONS in formation FIRE IN VOLLEYS... Running men.  Scattered MUSKET FIRE. The strobes of the muskets illuminate RUNNING MEN and other men in HAND-TO-HAND COMBAT. WILKINS IS IN COMMAND.  Tarleton is nowhere to be seen. Gabriel and Abner, both slightly wounded, fight a desperate holding action... On the other side of the clearing, a square of Dragoons forms near Wilkins.
144) 3) dialog: I'm alright, I... He tries to stand...
145) 0) text: Marion's men finish laying out the bodies of their dead. The Dragoons are still where they fell.  The Patriots are laid out in a row, their faces covered by their coats. Marion sits on the battlefield, next to Gabriel's body. Dalton gingerly approaches him.
147) 0) text: Dark.  Shadowed.  The sounds of celebration can be heard outside the tent. Marion sits on his camp chair.  Gabriel lies on the groun carefully covered up to his chin with a blanket.  A singl candle burns. Rev. Oliver enters the tent.
150) 0) text: Marion sits in his tent, gazing obliquely at Gabriel's body which has grown even more ashen.  A SOLITARY BIRD CRIES in the distance.
152) 0) text: Marion finishes burying Gabriel, putting the last shovelfuls of dirt on the freshly turned earth.  He stand next to the grave, looking down, and says a silent prayer