2) 0) text: A farm built between the banks of the river and the deep green of the swamps.  Good, fertile land, hacked out of the wilderness. The perfectly tended fields are ripe with barley, hops, alfalfa and tobacco.  Two sturdy brothers, NATHAN, 13 and SAMUEL, 12, work one of the fields, rhythmically swinging scythes through the barley. The house, built of native brick, is well-constructed and well-maintained.  There's a barn, a workshop and a forge. It is a home of substance rather than wealth.  On the front porch, MARGARET, 11, pumps a butter churn while her brother, WILLIAM, 6, watches. GABRIEL, 18, strong and handsome, walks out of the woods with a musket in his hand and a dozen game-birds over his shoulder.  At his side walks THOMAS, 14, also carrying a musket.
6) 4) dialog: Dinner... Marion hands the apples to Abigail and steps over to open his mail and dispatches.
6) 11) dialog: Charleston!
10) 0) text: Marion steps to the doorway, finding Margaret and Susan a the window, looking up at the night sky.
10) 1) dialog: ... now count five finger lengths up from the front two stars of the Big Dipper, and that's the North Star, that's her. Susan gazes up at the North Star.  The girls notice Mario and climb into bed.  He puts a chair against Susan's bed and kisses her.  He pulls a blanket up around Margaret, who whispers:
10) 2) dialog: It helps her to know Mother's there. Marion nods with a thin smile, kisses Margaret and walks out.
17) 0) text: Marion watches as Charlotte finishes handing out presents Susan plays with a new doll.  William has half-a-dozen ne spinning tops, skimming around the floor.  Margaret holds a new dress up to herself.  Samuel, Nathan and Thomas tea into packages holding platoons of lead soldiers.  Gabriel looks through a new book. Charlotte sees Marion watching her, rises and joins him a the doorway.
28) 0) text: Marion steps out to his front porch and listens.  He know the sound, the DISTANT STACCATO BOOMS OF CANNON and the PATTERING WAVE OF THOUSANDS OF MUSKETS FIRING. One by one the children join him.  Thomas, Nathan and Samuel listen analytically.  Margaret and Susan press close against their father.  William looks curiously at the cloudless sky.
28) 5) dialog: How far away?
28) 9) dialog: Are we safe here? Marion puts on a smile.
28) 11) dialog: We could go stay at Aunt Charlotte's farm.  She's to the west.
30) 2) dialog: Samuel... He doesn't respond.  Margaret, trailed by William, walks down toward Samuel.
30) 3) dialog: Samuel, get up to the house.  You heard father... Then she sees it, too.  The pale pink is turning redder and redder.  And then the BODIES.  First one, then more, many more.  Torn apart.  Missing limbs.  Those with wide- open wounds, are already drained of blood.  Others are still seeping, leaving trails of deep red in the paler re of the surrounding water. Samuel, Margaret and William stand frozen, appalled and fascinated. MARION steps out of the workshop and sees the children at the river.  He can't see what they're looking at. Irritated, he walks toward them.  Then, as he nears the river, he sees the color of the water and the bodies that have hypnotized his children.  He quickens his stride, speaking calmly but firmly, careful not to frighten them.
32) 0) text: Margaret and Samuel and William talk, their voices low.
32) 2) dialog: Quiet.
32) 6) dialog: Samuel! A SOUND.  They all stop.  Something moved behind the kitchen.  Margaret silently eases the others out of the room, through the darkened hall toward their father.
32) 9) dialog: You're hurt.
35) 0) text: The porch and yard have been turned into a field hospital There are about two dozen wounded, a few more Patriots than Redcoats.  Thomas, Nathan, Samuel and Margaret help Marion tend the soldiers.  William and Susan watch from inside. Marion treats an arm wound, retying a tourniquet, stanching an ugly flow of blood. Marion moves to the next of the wounded.  Thomas starts t help but Marion shakes his head.
36) 0) text: Triage completed.  Margaret and Samuel give water and food.  Marion kneels next to a CONTINENTAL SERGEANT and a COUPLE OF PRIVATES who are less severely wounded than the others.
38) 31) dialog: Thomas, please, Thomas... The Redcoats watch in silence.  MARION LOOKS AT GABRIEL and turns to the Redcoat Lieutenant.   
38) 34) dialog: Papa, look what they did to Thomas...
38) 42) dialog: But what about Thomas?
42) 0) text: Margaret waits in the shed with William and Susan.  They hear a SOUND.  APPROACHING FOOTSTEPS.  Margaret pulls her sister and brother to her and waits. The door opens.  It's Marion and Gabriel, Nathan and Samuel.  Margaret and the little ones throw themselves into Marion's arms. Margaret notices the blood on Marion.  She hesitates but her relief tightens her embrace.
48) 0) text: Charlotte sits, holding a sleeping Susan.  The other children lie awake on pallets.  Marion, still streaked with dried blood and sweat, tucks William and Margaret into bed.
51) 0) text: Marion and Gabriel finish saddling their horses.  Marion embraces Nathan and Samuel.  Then he turns to Margaret, William and Susan.
51) 4) dialog: No, not tomorrow. Marion kisses them both, then moves on to Susan, trying t coax a word out of the silent four-year-old:
103) 0) text: A TORCH BURNS.  A dozen Dragoons light torches off of it and fan out to search.  The thick fog turns the torches into diffused, floating balls of light, turning the Dragoons into ghost-like apparitions. CAMERA FOLLOWS ONE OF THE TORCHES, carried by a particularly rough-looking Dragoon who skirts the edge of the underbrush closest to the house.  As the torch moves, its flame sends long shadows and shafts of light into the underbrush... The CAMERA STOPS to reveal, in the brush, TWO FACES, GABRIEL AND CHARLOTTE, dark, motionless, watching the search.  Behind them, MARION'S OTHER CHILDREN, Nathan, Samuel, Margaret, William and Susan... Around them, SEVERAL MORE OF MARION'S MEN, including ABNE BROWN, weapons ready.  The moving lights play on their faces. AT THE FRONT OF THE HOUSE, the torches converge, illuminating Tarleton who gives the unheard order.  The torches fan out and begin SETTING FIRE TO THE HOUSE, BARN AND OUTBUILDINGS. MARGARET grips Charlotte's arm.  Gabriel motions and they all ease back, disappearing into the brush.
119) 1) dialog: It's him!  I told you it was him! MARION'S CHILDREN RACE OUT OF THE SHADOWS to Marion.  He' practically bowled over as Margaret, Nathan, Samuel and William fling themselves into his arms.
121) 0) text: The remains of a tiny abandoned backcountry farm.  The house is gone, leaving only an overgrown cellar hole. Nearby is a barely-standing tobacco shed, one end of whic has fallen to the ground.  A SOFT WIND WHISTLES AND WHISPERS through the gaps in the rough-hewn boards of the structure. Marion rides up to the edge of the clearing.  A MOCKINGBIRD SCREECHES nearby, startling him.  He looks back at the children, worried, anticipating a negative reaction.  Margaret smiles and turns to the other children, speaking for Marion's benefit.
121) 1) dialog: I told you, things would get better. The children smile and dismount.
124) 0) text: Marion sits on a rock while Margaret cuts his hair.  She takes her time, touching him on the head and shoulders, extending the process.  Marion, sits back, enjoying it. He notices Susan, nearby, watching silently.  He smiles. She turns away.
132) 0) text: Marion finishes tying his gear onto his horse.  The children are silent.  He stands beside his horse.  One after another, the children walk to him and embrace him - Nathan, Samuel, Margaret, William. He sees Susan, standing next to Charlotte.  He motions to her but she doesn't move.  Then he kneels down and gently hugs her.
168) 0) text: Summer.  The apple tree at the top of the hill is covered with apples. Marion's house is partially rebuilt and habitable.  The workshop is already completed. MARION'S CHILDREN, Nathan, Samuel, Margaret and William, play in the tall grass in front of the house with the two GREAT DANES. CHARLOTTE sits on the front porch, NURSING AN INFANT. MARION walks out of his workshop, trailed by Susan.  He carries a just-completed rocking chair. The chair is a work of art, thin and light, a spider-web of perfectly turned wood, no nails, no glue. He steps onto the porch next to Charlotte and places the rocking chair next to her.