2) 0) text: A farm built between the banks of the river and the deep green of the swamps.  Good, fertile land, hacked out of the wilderness. The perfectly tended fields are ripe with barley, hops, alfalfa and tobacco.  Two sturdy brothers, NATHAN, 13 and SAMUEL, 12, work one of the fields, rhythmically swinging scythes through the barley. The house, built of native brick, is well-constructed and well-maintained.  There's a barn, a workshop and a forge. It is a home of substance rather than wealth.  On the front porch, MARGARET, 11, pumps a butter churn while her brother, WILLIAM, 6, watches. GABRIEL, 18, strong and handsome, walks out of the woods with a musket in his hand and a dozen game-birds over his shoulder.  At his side walks THOMAS, 14, also carrying a musket.
4) 1) dialog: Father, I saw a post rider at the house.
6) 6) dialog: I hate turnips...
6) 12) dialog: We're going to Charleston!
9) 0) text: Marion enters, finding William asleep on the floor and Nathan and Samuel in bed.  He lifts William into bed, takes a slingshot from Nathan's hand, tucks in Samuel and walks out.
17) 0) text: Marion watches as Charlotte finishes handing out presents Susan plays with a new doll.  William has half-a-dozen ne spinning tops, skimming around the floor.  Margaret holds a new dress up to herself.  Samuel, Nathan and Thomas tea into packages holding platoons of lead soldiers.  Gabriel looks through a new book. Charlotte sees Marion watching her, rises and joins him a the doorway.
24) 0) text: Marion plows a field.  Nathan leads the plowhorse.  Samue follows, breaking up the clods of dirt.  Hard work.  They stop to catch their breath.  A SOFT WIND blows. Marion turns his head as if listening for a faint voice. He hears nothing.  He snaps the reins and continues plowing.
28) 0) text: Marion steps out to his front porch and listens.  He know the sound, the DISTANT STACCATO BOOMS OF CANNON and the PATTERING WAVE OF THOUSANDS OF MUSKETS FIRING. One by one the children join him.  Thomas, Nathan and Samuel listen analytically.  Margaret and Susan press close against their father.  William looks curiously at the cloudless sky.
28) 3) dialog: Father?
34) 0) text: Marion loads the wounded men onto a wagon, helped by Thomas, Nathan and Samuel.
35) 0) text: The porch and yard have been turned into a field hospital There are about two dozen wounded, a few more Patriots than Redcoats.  Thomas, Nathan, Samuel and Margaret help Marion tend the soldiers.  William and Susan watch from inside. Marion treats an arm wound, retying a tourniquet, stanching an ugly flow of blood. Marion moves to the next of the wounded.  Thomas starts t help but Marion shakes his head.
36) 7) dialog: But they're wounded.
38) 35) dialog: Father, they're going to take Gabriel... With stone-faced fury, Marion watches the Redcoats do their work. From the barns, they hear the sounds of MUSKETS FIRING an the SQUEALS OF THE LIVESTOCK being killed. Other REDCOATS TORCH THE HOUSE, BARN AND OUTBUILDINGS. THE FLAMES RISE. The Redcoats bring out Marion's wagons and carriages and begin loading the Redcoat wounded. The Redcoat Lieutenant and several of his men walk among the Patriot wounded who start to struggle to their feet, begging for mercy.  The Redcoats quickly OPEN FIRE, as if to get it over with. The WOUNDED PATRIOTS CRY OUT.  More SHOTS.  Then SILENCE. GABRIEL, his hands bound behind him, looks to his father with a combination of resoluteness and fear.  Marion lock eyes with him.
38) 36) dialog: Father, you can't let them take him...
39) 0) text: Marion runs, breathing hard, keeping a punishing, steady pace.  Nathan and Samuel run behind, less winded than their father.  Marion makes up with cold fury what he lacks in youth.
40) 0) text: Marion runs up to the crest of a wooded hill.  Slows. Crawls the last few feet.  Nathan and Samuel just behind him.  Looks over the hillside. A path runs through a glen, about fifty feet below. Marion's eyes dart, absorbing the terrain, looking for advantage.  He points.
42) 0) text: Margaret waits in the shed with William and Susan.  They hear a SOUND.  APPROACHING FOOTSTEPS.  Margaret pulls her sister and brother to her and waits. The door opens.  It's Marion and Gabriel, Nathan and Samuel.  Margaret and the little ones throw themselves into Marion's arms. Margaret notices the blood on Marion.  She hesitates but her relief tightens her embrace.
48) 2) dialog: Father... I killed those men...
48) 4) dialog: I'm glad I killed them... I'm glad... Marion isn't.  He turns to Samuel who's cried-out.  Mario reaches out to touch him but Samuel recoils from Marion's blood-streaked hand.  Marion sighs and tucks him in.
51) 0) text: Marion and Gabriel finish saddling their horses.  Marion embraces Nathan and Samuel.  Then he turns to Margaret, William and Susan.
103) 0) text: A TORCH BURNS.  A dozen Dragoons light torches off of it and fan out to search.  The thick fog turns the torches into diffused, floating balls of light, turning the Dragoons into ghost-like apparitions. CAMERA FOLLOWS ONE OF THE TORCHES, carried by a particularly rough-looking Dragoon who skirts the edge of the underbrush closest to the house.  As the torch moves, its flame sends long shadows and shafts of light into the underbrush... The CAMERA STOPS to reveal, in the brush, TWO FACES, GABRIEL AND CHARLOTTE, dark, motionless, watching the search.  Behind them, MARION'S OTHER CHILDREN, Nathan, Samuel, Margaret, William and Susan... Around them, SEVERAL MORE OF MARION'S MEN, including ABNE BROWN, weapons ready.  The moving lights play on their faces. AT THE FRONT OF THE HOUSE, the torches converge, illuminating Tarleton who gives the unheard order.  The torches fan out and begin SETTING FIRE TO THE HOUSE, BARN AND OUTBUILDINGS. MARGARET grips Charlotte's arm.  Gabriel motions and they all ease back, disappearing into the brush.
119) 2) dialog: Father!
132) 0) text: Marion finishes tying his gear onto his horse.  The children are silent.  He stands beside his horse.  One after another, the children walk to him and embrace him - Nathan, Samuel, Margaret, William. He sees Susan, standing next to Charlotte.  He motions to her but she doesn't move.  Then he kneels down and gently hugs her.
168) 0) text: Summer.  The apple tree at the top of the hill is covered with apples. Marion's house is partially rebuilt and habitable.  The workshop is already completed. MARION'S CHILDREN, Nathan, Samuel, Margaret and William, play in the tall grass in front of the house with the two GREAT DANES. CHARLOTTE sits on the front porch, NURSING AN INFANT. MARION walks out of his workshop, trailed by Susan.  He carries a just-completed rocking chair. The chair is a work of art, thin and light, a spider-web of perfectly turned wood, no nails, no glue. He steps onto the porch next to Charlotte and places the rocking chair next to her.