80) 0) text: A patchwork of fields with a village visible in the distance.  The ROLLINS BOYS, 10 and 12, work a field, harvesting grain.  Hearing the SOUND OF HORSES' HOOVES, they stop and listen. Then they see a CLOUD OF DUST rising over the ridge line. Growing excited, they throw down their scythes and race down the hillside, madly stumbling and falling, trying to intersect the approaching sound. At the bottom of the hill they pass their father, BEN ROLLINS, who watches his sons plant themselves on the sid of the road, gazing in awe at: MARION AND HIS MEN, THUNDERING BY.  They're an impressive sight, a hundred-and-fifty heavily armed men, on powerful mounts, raising a cloud of dust as they gallop down the road.
81) 0) text: Marion and forty of his men, including Gabriel, sit on their motionless horses in the middle of the road.  There are a number of new faces among Marion's men, among them Ben Rollins.  Gabriel is lost in thought.
89) 6) dialog: They're to be hung!
116) 0) text: Marion his brigade catch up to Rollins and ride on with him.
117) 0) text: The small farm seen earlier, surrounded by hills, where the two boys, Rollins' sons ran down the hillside to catc a glimpse of the passing Marion and his brigade. The house smolders.  No sign of life.  Gabriel, Abner and a few other men warily ride the perimeter of the cleared area around the house. Marion, at the head of the rest of the brigade, waits nex to an increasingly frantic, Rollins.  They see Gabriel wave, signaling all clear. MARION, ROLLINS AND THE OTHER MEN RIDE to the house. Rollins is the first to see THE BODIES.  Horrified, he reins back and dismounts, almost falling. His TWO SONS, WIFE, an OLDER MAN and WOMAN, lie dead in the dirt.  Marion's men silently watch Rollins' agony. Weeping and confused, he moves in a mad, staccato manner, as if he were a marionette, whose strings were being jerked by a drunken puppeteer. Marion and Rev. Oliver dismount and move toward him. Rollins sees them coming.  He hardens and strides to his horse, pulling his FLINTLOCK PISTOL from his saddle holster. Rev. Oliver reaches out to embrace Rollins.