2) 0) text: A farm built between the banks of the river and the deep green of the swamps.  Good, fertile land, hacked out of the wilderness. The perfectly tended fields are ripe with barley, hops, alfalfa and tobacco.  Two sturdy brothers, NATHAN, 13 and SAMUEL, 12, work one of the fields, rhythmically swinging scythes through the barley. The house, built of native brick, is well-constructed and well-maintained.  There's a barn, a workshop and a forge. It is a home of substance rather than wealth.  On the front porch, MARGARET, 11, pumps a butter churn while her brother, WILLIAM, 6, watches. GABRIEL, 18, strong and handsome, walks out of the woods with a musket in his hand and a dozen game-birds over his shoulder.  At his side walks THOMAS, 14, also carrying a musket.
4) 0) text: Marion leaves the workshop with Susan at his side.  Natha and Samuel walk past, exhausted from their day in the field.
4) 3) dialog: We got it all cut and we bundled half of it.
6) 3) dialog: I did not...
6) 7) dialog: William knocked it right out of my hands...
6) 13) dialog: When, father, when?
9) 0) text: Marion enters, finding William asleep on the floor and Nathan and Samuel in bed.  He lifts William into bed, takes a slingshot from Nathan's hand, tucks in Samuel and walks out.
17) 0) text: Marion watches as Charlotte finishes handing out presents Susan plays with a new doll.  William has half-a-dozen ne spinning tops, skimming around the floor.  Margaret holds a new dress up to herself.  Samuel, Nathan and Thomas tea into packages holding platoons of lead soldiers.  Gabriel looks through a new book. Charlotte sees Marion watching her, rises and joins him a the doorway.
28) 0) text: Marion steps out to his front porch and listens.  He know the sound, the DISTANT STACCATO BOOMS OF CANNON and the PATTERING WAVE OF THOUSANDS OF MUSKETS FIRING. One by one the children join him.  Thomas, Nathan and Samuel listen analytically.  Margaret and Susan press close against their father.  William looks curiously at the cloudless sky.
28) 7) dialog: Waxhaus?
30) 0) text: The SOUND OF A CRASH from inside the barn.  An angry cow runs out of the barn, dragging a tenacious Samuel who is holding onto the cow's neck. Samuel's grip fails and he lands in the dirt.  The cow runs about thirty yards down the hill, stopping on the bank of the river.  Samuel grabs a rope and heads down th hill to get the cow.
32) 0) text: Margaret and Samuel and William talk, their voices low.
32) 1) dialog: They're going to come.
32) 3) dialog: We're going to have to fight them off.
32) 5) dialog: They'll probably kill us men and do Lord knows what to you women.
34) 0) text: Marion loads the wounded men onto a wagon, helped by Thomas, Nathan and Samuel.
35) 0) text: The porch and yard have been turned into a field hospital There are about two dozen wounded, a few more Patriots than Redcoats.  Thomas, Nathan, Samuel and Margaret help Marion tend the soldiers.  William and Susan watch from inside. Marion treats an arm wound, retying a tourniquet, stanching an ugly flow of blood. Marion moves to the next of the wounded.  Thomas starts t help but Marion shakes his head.
36) 0) text: Triage completed.  Margaret and Samuel give water and food.  Marion kneels next to a CONTINENTAL SERGEANT and a COUPLE OF PRIVATES who are less severely wounded than the others.
39) 0) text: Marion runs, breathing hard, keeping a punishing, steady pace.  Nathan and Samuel run behind, less winded than their father.  Marion makes up with cold fury what he lacks in youth.
40) 0) text: Marion runs up to the crest of a wooded hill.  Slows. Crawls the last few feet.  Nathan and Samuel just behind him.  Looks over the hillside. A path runs through a glen, about fifty feet below. Marion's eyes dart, absorbing the terrain, looking for advantage.  He points.
42) 0) text: Margaret waits in the shed with William and Susan.  They hear a SOUND.  APPROACHING FOOTSTEPS.  Margaret pulls her sister and brother to her and waits. The door opens.  It's Marion and Gabriel, Nathan and Samuel.  Margaret and the little ones throw themselves into Marion's arms. Margaret notices the blood on Marion.  She hesitates but her relief tightens her embrace.
51) 0) text: Marion and Gabriel finish saddling their horses.  Marion embraces Nathan and Samuel.  Then he turns to Margaret, William and Susan.
103) 0) text: A TORCH BURNS.  A dozen Dragoons light torches off of it and fan out to search.  The thick fog turns the torches into diffused, floating balls of light, turning the Dragoons into ghost-like apparitions. CAMERA FOLLOWS ONE OF THE TORCHES, carried by a particularly rough-looking Dragoon who skirts the edge of the underbrush closest to the house.  As the torch moves, its flame sends long shadows and shafts of light into the underbrush... The CAMERA STOPS to reveal, in the brush, TWO FACES, GABRIEL AND CHARLOTTE, dark, motionless, watching the search.  Behind them, MARION'S OTHER CHILDREN, Nathan, Samuel, Margaret, William and Susan... Around them, SEVERAL MORE OF MARION'S MEN, including ABNE BROWN, weapons ready.  The moving lights play on their faces. AT THE FRONT OF THE HOUSE, the torches converge, illuminating Tarleton who gives the unheard order.  The torches fan out and begin SETTING FIRE TO THE HOUSE, BARN AND OUTBUILDINGS. MARGARET grips Charlotte's arm.  Gabriel motions and they all ease back, disappearing into the brush.
123) 0) text: Marion walks the perimeter of their encampment with Natha and Samuel.  They listen carefully.
132) 0) text: Marion finishes tying his gear onto his horse.  The children are silent.  He stands beside his horse.  One after another, the children walk to him and embrace him - Nathan, Samuel, Margaret, William. He sees Susan, standing next to Charlotte.  He motions to her but she doesn't move.  Then he kneels down and gently hugs her.
167) 0) text: Marion's children and Charlotte sit by the river.  Samuel sits on the lookout ledge with his musket.  Suddenly he stands, looking out, seeing something. Charlotte and the others notice.  They're worried.  Then they see Samuel throw down his musket and tear down the path, running as fast as he can, tumbling, then regaining his feet... Charlotte and the others know who's coming... The children take off running after Samuel... Racing toward the road... Charlotte hurries after them... AND THEN THEY SEE HIM... MARION, riding at a full gallop... The children cry out with tears of joy... MARION see Susan... He gallops toward her... LEANS OVER... Without slowing, he SWOOPS HER UP into the saddle... She wraps herself around him... He reins back, stops and dismounts, just as the other children reach him... They throw themselves into his arms... embracing him... Charlotte hurries up behind them... She and Marion lock eyes and he is enveloped by the hugs of his children.
168) 0) text: Summer.  The apple tree at the top of the hill is covered with apples. Marion's house is partially rebuilt and habitable.  The workshop is already completed. MARION'S CHILDREN, Nathan, Samuel, Margaret and William, play in the tall grass in front of the house with the two GREAT DANES. CHARLOTTE sits on the front porch, NURSING AN INFANT. MARION walks out of his workshop, trailed by Susan.  He carries a just-completed rocking chair. The chair is a work of art, thin and light, a spider-web of perfectly turned wood, no nails, no glue. He steps onto the porch next to Charlotte and places the rocking chair next to her.