3) 0) text: A perfect colonial workshop, fastidiously arranged with every conceivable tool of the period.  A foot-powered lathe.  A drop-forge.  A lifting saw.  Racks of tools, planes, hammers, augers, drills, blocks, all hanging in their places.  All very well-worn. FRANCIS MARION methodically works his lathe, turning a piece of hardwood, shaving off tiny curls of wood with a razor-sharp chisel.  He's in his late-forties, strong and weathered.  His hands, though big and callused, handle th chisel with a surgeon's precision.  Self-educated and self-sufficient, he has built himself, as he built his farm, brick by brick, from the coarse clay of the earth. A finely-made rocking chair, missing only the dowel on which Marion is working, sits on the work table.  The chair is a work of art, thin and light, a spider-web of perfectly turned wood, no nails, no glue. Sitting on the woodpile, SUSAN, 4, a silent, stone-face wisp of a child, watches her father. Marion takes the piece of wood out of the lathe, carefull fits it into the chair, inserts a peg and taps it into place.  Then he steps back and appraises his handiwork. He picks up the chair and hooks the top rail to a scale, countering with a three-pound weight.  The chair floats. Marion blows softly on the weight which sinks.  Susan nods, so far, so good.  Marion puts the chair on the floo and walks slowly around it, checking every angle. Then, the acid test.  He takes a deep breath and lowers himself onto the seat, gingerly adding an ounce at a time Not a creak.  He smiles and sits back with a sigh. CRACK!  THE CHAIR SPLINTERS under Marion's weight, DUMPIN HIM on his ass on a pile of broken wood.
4) 0) text: Marion leaves the workshop with Susan at his side.  Natha and Samuel walk past, exhausted from their day in the field.
6) 0) text: Pre-dinner chaos.  Everyone talking at once.  Marion's seven children and his two family servants, ABIGAIL and AARON, a middle-aged black couple, prepare dinner.  Susan silently watches from the stairs.  Marion walks in.
10) 0) text: Marion steps to the doorway, finding Margaret and Susan a the window, looking up at the night sky.
17) 0) text: Marion watches as Charlotte finishes handing out presents Susan plays with a new doll.  William has half-a-dozen ne spinning tops, skimming around the floor.  Margaret holds a new dress up to herself.  Samuel, Nathan and Thomas tea into packages holding platoons of lead soldiers.  Gabriel looks through a new book. Charlotte sees Marion watching her, rises and joins him a the doorway.
28) 0) text: Marion steps out to his front porch and listens.  He know the sound, the DISTANT STACCATO BOOMS OF CANNON and the PATTERING WAVE OF THOUSANDS OF MUSKETS FIRING. One by one the children join him.  Thomas, Nathan and Samuel listen analytically.  Margaret and Susan press close against their father.  William looks curiously at the cloudless sky.
29) 0) text: Marion works the lathe.  Susan watches from her perch on the woodpile.
35) 0) text: The porch and yard have been turned into a field hospital There are about two dozen wounded, a few more Patriots than Redcoats.  Thomas, Nathan, Samuel and Margaret help Marion tend the soldiers.  William and Susan watch from inside. Marion treats an arm wound, retying a tourniquet, stanching an ugly flow of blood. Marion moves to the next of the wounded.  Thomas starts t help but Marion shakes his head.
42) 0) text: Margaret waits in the shed with William and Susan.  They hear a SOUND.  APPROACHING FOOTSTEPS.  Margaret pulls her sister and brother to her and waits. The door opens.  It's Marion and Gabriel, Nathan and Samuel.  Margaret and the little ones throw themselves into Marion's arms. Margaret notices the blood on Marion.  She hesitates but her relief tightens her embrace.
48) 0) text: Charlotte sits, holding a sleeping Susan.  The other children lie awake on pallets.  Marion, still streaked with dried blood and sweat, tucks William and Margaret into bed.
51) 0) text: Marion and Gabriel finish saddling their horses.  Marion embraces Nathan and Samuel.  Then he turns to Margaret, William and Susan.
51) 7) dialog: Goodbye. Marion and Gabriel ride away.
103) 0) text: A TORCH BURNS.  A dozen Dragoons light torches off of it and fan out to search.  The thick fog turns the torches into diffused, floating balls of light, turning the Dragoons into ghost-like apparitions. CAMERA FOLLOWS ONE OF THE TORCHES, carried by a particularly rough-looking Dragoon who skirts the edge of the underbrush closest to the house.  As the torch moves, its flame sends long shadows and shafts of light into the underbrush... The CAMERA STOPS to reveal, in the brush, TWO FACES, GABRIEL AND CHARLOTTE, dark, motionless, watching the search.  Behind them, MARION'S OTHER CHILDREN, Nathan, Samuel, Margaret, William and Susan... Around them, SEVERAL MORE OF MARION'S MEN, including ABNE BROWN, weapons ready.  The moving lights play on their faces. AT THE FRONT OF THE HOUSE, the torches converge, illuminating Tarleton who gives the unheard order.  The torches fan out and begin SETTING FIRE TO THE HOUSE, BARN AND OUTBUILDINGS. MARGARET grips Charlotte's arm.  Gabriel motions and they all ease back, disappearing into the brush.
105) 9) dialog: Why didn't father come? Gabriel is astonished to hear words coming from his heretofore silent sister.  Charlotte nods, smiling.
105) 11) dialog: Why didn't he come?
105) 13) dialog: He left us.
105) 16) dialog: I don't care.  I hate him.
105) 18) dialog: Yes, I do.  I hate him and I hope he never comes back. Gabriel kneels down and embraces her.  She stands coldly with her arms at her sides.
124) 0) text: Marion sits on a rock while Margaret cuts his hair.  She takes her time, touching him on the head and shoulders, extending the process.  Marion, sits back, enjoying it. He notices Susan, nearby, watching silently.  He smiles. She turns away.
126) 0) text: Marion sits on the side of the river with Susan who avoid looking at him.  Using the knife we've seen him use in battle he cuts slices off an apple and eats them.
132) 0) text: Marion finishes tying his gear onto his horse.  The children are silent.  He stands beside his horse.  One after another, the children walk to him and embrace him - Nathan, Samuel, Margaret, William. He sees Susan, standing next to Charlotte.  He motions to her but she doesn't move.  Then he kneels down and gently hugs her.
132) 5) dialog: Papa! With halting steps, then faster and faster, she runs down the path toward Marion.
132) 6) dialog: Papa, don't go, I'll say anything. Marion stops, turning in his saddle to see Susan running after him, her eyes filled with tears.
132) 7) dialog: Please, Papa, I'll say anything you want! Marion yanks his reins, turning his horse.
132) 8) dialog: Just tell me what to say!  Tell me what to say! Marion spurs his horse straight toward her, GALLOPING toward the running, crying child.
132) 9) dialog: Please, Papa, please don't go. MARION RIDES TOWARD HER... Charlotte, Anne and Marion's children watch as: MARION LEANS OVER IN THE SADDLE without slowing down... SWOOPING HER INTO HIS LAP... She sits astride the saddle, facing him, her arms wrapped around him, pleading, the words tumbling from her, as fas as she can get them out...
132) 10) dialog: ... I'll talk to you, I'll say anything you want, just tell me what you want me to say, I'll say anything, I promise, please, Papa, just stay... Marion envelopes the sobbing wisp of a girl, holding her, letting her cry, fighting his own tears... He reins back the horse, stopping in front of the others... He pleadingly looks to Charlotte who steps up to the horse... to take Susan... Marion gives Susan a final embrace, and covers her face with kisses...
167) 0) text: Marion's children and Charlotte sit by the river.  Samuel sits on the lookout ledge with his musket.  Suddenly he stands, looking out, seeing something. Charlotte and the others notice.  They're worried.  Then they see Samuel throw down his musket and tear down the path, running as fast as he can, tumbling, then regaining his feet... Charlotte and the others know who's coming... The children take off running after Samuel... Racing toward the road... Charlotte hurries after them... AND THEN THEY SEE HIM... MARION, riding at a full gallop... The children cry out with tears of joy... MARION see Susan... He gallops toward her... LEANS OVER... Without slowing, he SWOOPS HER UP into the saddle... She wraps herself around him... He reins back, stops and dismounts, just as the other children reach him... They throw themselves into his arms... embracing him... Charlotte hurries up behind them... She and Marion lock eyes and he is enveloped by the hugs of his children.
168) 0) text: Summer.  The apple tree at the top of the hill is covered with apples. Marion's house is partially rebuilt and habitable.  The workshop is already completed. MARION'S CHILDREN, Nathan, Samuel, Margaret and William, play in the tall grass in front of the house with the two GREAT DANES. CHARLOTTE sits on the front porch, NURSING AN INFANT. MARION walks out of his workshop, trailed by Susan.  He carries a just-completed rocking chair. The chair is a work of art, thin and light, a spider-web of perfectly turned wood, no nails, no glue. He steps onto the porch next to Charlotte and places the rocking chair next to her.
168) 3) dialog: Wait for me... As the CAMERA CRANES UP, Marion and Charlotte disappear beneath the overhang of the porch roof.  Suddenly, the SOUND OF A CRASH.