2) 0) text: A farm built between the banks of the river and the deep green of the swamps.  Good, fertile land, hacked out of the wilderness. The perfectly tended fields are ripe with barley, hops, alfalfa and tobacco.  Two sturdy brothers, NATHAN, 13 and SAMUEL, 12, work one of the fields, rhythmically swinging scythes through the barley. The house, built of native brick, is well-constructed and well-maintained.  There's a barn, a workshop and a forge. It is a home of substance rather than wealth.  On the front porch, MARGARET, 11, pumps a butter churn while her brother, WILLIAM, 6, watches. GABRIEL, 18, strong and handsome, walks out of the woods with a musket in his hand and a dozen game-birds over his shoulder.  At his side walks THOMAS, 14, also carrying a musket.
4) 7) dialog: Better.  She's near ready to calve. Marion nods and motions for Susan to go with Gabriel and Thomas to the house.  She does so and Marion walks on alone toward:
11) 0) text: Squadrons of lead soldiers stand ready for battle as Thomas, lying on the floor, deploys his men.  Gabriel reads the new pamphlets and broadsides.  Marion walks in and pours a drink.  Gabriel hands several of the pamphlet to his father.
17) 0) text: Marion watches as Charlotte finishes handing out presents Susan plays with a new doll.  William has half-a-dozen ne spinning tops, skimming around the floor.  Margaret holds a new dress up to herself.  Samuel, Nathan and Thomas tea into packages holding platoons of lead soldiers.  Gabriel looks through a new book. Charlotte sees Marion watching her, rises and joins him a the doorway.
19) 3) dialog: Look!  There's Gabriel! They see Gabriel making his way through the crowd.  He sees them and waves, then enters the house. A moment later Charlotte steps out onto the balcony and sees: IN THE SQUARE, a pair of drunk Sons of Liberty, pull down one of the smoldering effigies, cut off its head, then start hacking at it's groin with a sword. Appalled, Charlotte shoots a glare at Marion and snaps at the children.
25) 0) text: Dark.  Thomas steps up into the attic.  He finds a trunk and opens it.  Lifting out some blankets, he uncovers a trove of Marion's old military gear -- a worn battle coat a box of medals, a military sword, rusted into its scabbard. Thomas puts on the coat, which hangs off his narrow shoulders.  He stands in front of a dusty mirror, appraising himself, then stops as he hears FOOTSTEPS coming up the stairs. It's Marion, tired and dirty from his plowing.  Thomas grimaces, expecting him to be angry, but sees him shake his head gently.
25) 2) dialog: When? Marion looks closely at his son, giving him the courtesy of really thinking about the answer.
25) 4) dialog: But it's already been two years and that's two more years.  The war could be over by then.
25) 6) dialog: Alright.  Seventeen. Marion offers his hand.  They shake firmly, like adults. Marion takes the coat off Thomas and puts it back in the trunk.  They walk down the stairs together.
28) 0) text: Marion steps out to his front porch and listens.  He know the sound, the DISTANT STACCATO BOOMS OF CANNON and the PATTERING WAVE OF THOUSANDS OF MUSKETS FIRING. One by one the children join him.  Thomas, Nathan and Samuel listen analytically.  Margaret and Susan press close against their father.  William looks curiously at the cloudless sky.
28) 2) dialog: That's not thunder. The SOUND BECOMES DEEPER, MORE OMINOUS.  They all notice the change.
28) 14) dialog: But father, they might come this way.
32) 10) dialog: The battle, were you there?
34) 0) text: Marion loads the wounded men onto a wagon, helped by Thomas, Nathan and Samuel.
35) 0) text: The porch and yard have been turned into a field hospital There are about two dozen wounded, a few more Patriots than Redcoats.  Thomas, Nathan, Samuel and Margaret help Marion tend the soldiers.  William and Susan watch from inside. Marion treats an arm wound, retying a tourniquet, stanching an ugly flow of blood. Marion moves to the next of the wounded.  Thomas starts t help but Marion shakes his head.
36) 6) dialog: Father?
38) 28) dialog: Father, do something. Thomas grows increasingly agitated.  He sees that his father is going to do nothing.  He gauges the distance between Gabriel and the cover of the nearby woods. Then suddenly, Thomas SPRINGS.  He RUNS, THROWING HIMSELF into the two Redcoats holding Gabriel, KNOCKING THEM DOWN
38) 29) dialog: Gabriel!  Run! Gabriel is too shocked to take flight.  A few of the Redcoats, including one of the ones knocked down, shake their heads with sad laughter at Thomas' ineffectual gesture.  One of them grabs Thomas by the scruff of the neck and yanks him to his feet. TARLETON sees the commotion.  Without pausing he DRAWS HI PISTOL AND FIRES, HITTING THOMAS IN THE BACK. THOMAS is thrown to his knees by the shot.  Stunned, confused, he looks down and sees the massive exit wound i his chest. MARION, horrified, catches Thomas as he falls, easing him to the ground. MARGARET CRIES OUT.  THE OTHER CHILDREN are stunned to silence. The REDCOATS are frozen in place.  Tarleton's GREEN DRAGOONS are impassive, having seen worse. MARION holds his son, looking at the huge, incomprehensible wound.  He knows that Thomas is already dead, though his body still moves. MARION'S stunned agony turns to fury.  He rises, his eyes trained on Tarleton, then stops as... TARLETON raises a second loaded pistol and a DOZEN GREEN DRAGOONS raise pistols and carbines, aiming them at Mario and his children. MARION FREEZES, torn between his fury and fear for his other children.  He locks his eyes on Tarleton. TARLETON calmly baths in Marion's anger.  Then, with a hard yank of the reins, he jerks his horse's head around and utters a sharp command to Wilkins.
41) 0) text: The house and barns smolder.  Thomas' body lies in the yard.  Nearby, the bodies of the Patriot wounded, now dead.
43) 0) text: Marion, trailed by his children, walks past the soldiers' bodies and the remains of their house. He kneels down next to Thomas' body.  On the ground Mario sees several of THOMAS' LEAD SOLDIERS.  He stares at them for a moment, picks them up and puts them in his pocket. Marion picks up Thomas and carries him up the hill toward the apple tree and Elizabeth's grave.  The children follow.
44) 0) text: Marion digs a grave.  The children watch.  The only sound are Marion's labored BREATHING, the RASP OF THE SHOVEL an the RUSTLE OF DEAD LEAVES blown along the ground by a sof wind. Some dry leaves catch on Thomas' still wet blood, as if trying to bandage his wound.
60) 0) text: A CACOPHONY OF BIRDS AND INSECTS.  Swamp maples and willows form a canopy over moss-covered mounds and pools of plant-choked water. Gabriel leads several men, riding along a dry path that snakes through the swamp.  They cross a narrow land bridg onto a wooded island, joining a dozen-and-a-half men, including Marion who kneels at a campfire. CLOSE SHOT:  Several of Thomas' brightly painted LEAD SOLDIERS MELT in a cast-iron pan.  The little men fall to their knees then lose form, turning into bubbling, molten metal. The new arrivals dismount and greet the others. Gabriel steps up behind Marion and watches as he pours th lead into a bullet mold, closes the lid and dips the mold into a bucket of water which HISSES and STEAMS.
140) 0) text: Mixed gatherings of Marion's militia and Continentals are clustered around the campfires, with more Continentals arriving all the time. Some of the militiamen and regulars regale each other wit tales of their exploits but most are grim and tired, talking quietly. A couple of Patriots play a MELANCHOLY TUNE ON FIFE AND VIOLIN. Marion's tent is set up but he's nowhere to be seen. Gabriel walks to Marion's gear.  Finding Marion's weapon' belt he opens one of the bullet pouches and finds the paint-flecked MUSKET BALLS MADE FROM THOMAS' LEAD SOLDIERS.  As Gabriel takes one, Marion steps up behind him.