2) 0) text: A farm built between the banks of the river and the deep green of the swamps.  Good, fertile land, hacked out of the wilderness. The perfectly tended fields are ripe with barley, hops, alfalfa and tobacco.  Two sturdy brothers, NATHAN, 13 and SAMUEL, 12, work one of the fields, rhythmically swinging scythes through the barley. The house, built of native brick, is well-constructed and well-maintained.  There's a barn, a workshop and a forge. It is a home of substance rather than wealth.  On the front porch, MARGARET, 11, pumps a butter churn while her brother, WILLIAM, 6, watches. GABRIEL, 18, strong and handsome, walks out of the woods with a musket in his hand and a dozen game-birds over his shoulder.  At his side walks THOMAS, 14, also carrying a musket.
6) 2) dialog: Father, Samuel broke the blue plate...
9) 0) text: Marion enters, finding William asleep on the floor and Nathan and Samuel in bed.  He lifts William into bed, takes a slingshot from Nathan's hand, tucks in Samuel and walks out.
17) 0) text: Marion watches as Charlotte finishes handing out presents Susan plays with a new doll.  William has half-a-dozen ne spinning tops, skimming around the floor.  Margaret holds a new dress up to herself.  Samuel, Nathan and Thomas tea into packages holding platoons of lead soldiers.  Gabriel looks through a new book. Charlotte sees Marion watching her, rises and joins him a the doorway.
28) 0) text: Marion steps out to his front porch and listens.  He know the sound, the DISTANT STACCATO BOOMS OF CANNON and the PATTERING WAVE OF THOUSANDS OF MUSKETS FIRING. One by one the children join him.  Thomas, Nathan and Samuel listen analytically.  Margaret and Susan press close against their father.  William looks curiously at the cloudless sky.
28) 1) dialog: Is it going to rain?
32) 0) text: Margaret and Samuel and William talk, their voices low.
32) 4) dialog: Father will do that.
35) 0) text: The porch and yard have been turned into a field hospital There are about two dozen wounded, a few more Patriots than Redcoats.  Thomas, Nathan, Samuel and Margaret help Marion tend the soldiers.  William and Susan watch from inside. Marion treats an arm wound, retying a tourniquet, stanching an ugly flow of blood. Marion moves to the next of the wounded.  Thomas starts t help but Marion shakes his head.
42) 0) text: Margaret waits in the shed with William and Susan.  They hear a SOUND.  APPROACHING FOOTSTEPS.  Margaret pulls her sister and brother to her and waits. The door opens.  It's Marion and Gabriel, Nathan and Samuel.  Margaret and the little ones throw themselves into Marion's arms. Margaret notices the blood on Marion.  She hesitates but her relief tightens her embrace.
48) 0) text: Charlotte sits, holding a sleeping Susan.  The other children lie awake on pallets.  Marion, still streaked with dried blood and sweat, tucks William and Margaret into bed.
51) 0) text: Marion and Gabriel finish saddling their horses.  Marion embraces Nathan and Samuel.  Then he turns to Margaret, William and Susan.
51) 1) dialog: When will you be back?
51) 3) dialog: Tomorrow? Marion winces.  Margaret puts her arm around William.
103) 0) text: A TORCH BURNS.  A dozen Dragoons light torches off of it and fan out to search.  The thick fog turns the torches into diffused, floating balls of light, turning the Dragoons into ghost-like apparitions. CAMERA FOLLOWS ONE OF THE TORCHES, carried by a particularly rough-looking Dragoon who skirts the edge of the underbrush closest to the house.  As the torch moves, its flame sends long shadows and shafts of light into the underbrush... The CAMERA STOPS to reveal, in the brush, TWO FACES, GABRIEL AND CHARLOTTE, dark, motionless, watching the search.  Behind them, MARION'S OTHER CHILDREN, Nathan, Samuel, Margaret, William and Susan... Around them, SEVERAL MORE OF MARION'S MEN, including ABNE BROWN, weapons ready.  The moving lights play on their faces. AT THE FRONT OF THE HOUSE, the torches converge, illuminating Tarleton who gives the unheard order.  The torches fan out and begin SETTING FIRE TO THE HOUSE, BARN AND OUTBUILDINGS. MARGARET grips Charlotte's arm.  Gabriel motions and they all ease back, disappearing into the brush.
119) 3) dialog: Papa... CHARLOTTE STEPS OUT OF THE SHADOWS, watching the reunion as Marion covers the children with kisses, trying to hug all of them at once as they cling to him as if they'll never let go.  MARION AND CHARLOTTE LOCK EYES over the heads of the children.
125) 0) text: Dark.  Shafts of light shine in through the holes in the roof.  Marion, standing in the shadows, senses someone coming.  He freezes. A figure rounds the corner.  It's... William.  MARION YELLS William SQUEALS IN DELIGHT, then chases his father around the corner, tagging him.  They laugh.  Marion covers his eyes and William dashes off to hide.
132) 0) text: Marion finishes tying his gear onto his horse.  The children are silent.  He stands beside his horse.  One after another, the children walk to him and embrace him - Nathan, Samuel, Margaret, William. He sees Susan, standing next to Charlotte.  He motions to her but she doesn't move.  Then he kneels down and gently hugs her.
168) 0) text: Summer.  The apple tree at the top of the hill is covered with apples. Marion's house is partially rebuilt and habitable.  The workshop is already completed. MARION'S CHILDREN, Nathan, Samuel, Margaret and William, play in the tall grass in front of the house with the two GREAT DANES. CHARLOTTE sits on the front porch, NURSING AN INFANT. MARION walks out of his workshop, trailed by Susan.  He carries a just-completed rocking chair. The chair is a work of art, thin and light, a spider-web of perfectly turned wood, no nails, no glue. He steps onto the porch next to Charlotte and places the rocking chair next to her.