6) 0) text: It is a medium-sized box, lined with hot water pipes and cracked plaster. It is furnished in beat-up wicker. A doo leads to an old-fashioned bathroom.  Margo is at the dressing table. She wears an old wrapper, hair drawn back tightly to fit under the wig which lies before her like a dead poodle. Also before her is an almo finished drink.  LLOYD RICHARDS is stretched out on the wicker chaise. He' his late thirties, sensitive, literate.  Between them, by the dressing table, is BIRDIE - Margo's maid. Her age is unimportant. She was conceived during a split week in Walla Walla and born in a carnival riot. Sh fiercely loyal to Margo.  Karen enters during the line Margo started while she was outside. Lloyd chuckles, Birdie cackles. 
6) 5) dialog: Lemme fix you a drink. 
6) 8) dialog: The minute it gets printed they're gonna fire on Gettysburg all over again...
6) 10) dialog: I never played Fort Sumter. She takes the wig into the bathroom. Margo starts creamin the make-up off her face. 
6) 14) dialog: You need new girdles. 
6) 16) dialog: The same size? 
6) 18) dialog: Well. I guess a real tight girdle help when you're playin' a lunatic.   She picks up Lloud empty glass, asks "more"? He shakes hi head. She pours herself a quick one. 
6) 20) dialog: I know. She just keeps hearin' her dead father play the banjo. 
6) 41) dialog: Once George Jessel played my hometown. For a girl, gettin' in to see him was easy. Gettin' out was the problem... They all laugh. Karen goes to the door, opens it. Eve com in. Karen closes the door behind her. A moment. 
6) 45) dialog: (mutters) Oh, brother. 
6) 51) dialog: Oh, brother. 
6) 54) dialog: When she gets like this... all of a sudden she's playin' Hamlet's mother...
6) 56) dialog: If I haven't, I'll find something till you're normal. She goes into the bathroom. 
6) 85) dialog: I'll never forget that blizzard the night we played Cheyenne. A cold night. First time I ever saw a brassiere break like a piece of matzos...  Eve looks at her unsmilingly, then back to her hands. 
6) 92) dialog: (finally) What a story. Everything but the bloodhounds snappin' at her rear end... That breaks the spell. Margo turns to her-
6) 94) dialog: (snaps in) You don't have to apologize for me! (to Eve) I'm sorry if I hurt your feelings. It's just my way of talkin'...
6) 96) dialog: Call me Birdie.  (to Margo) As for bein' fifth-rate - i closed the first half for eleven years an' you know it! She slams into the bathroom again. At that precise instan BILL SAMPSON flings open the door to the dressing room. H youngish, vital, undisciplined. He lugs a beat-up suitcas which he drops as he crosses to Margo-
6) 119) dialog: Imagine. All this admiration in just one room. 
7) 32) dialog: It'll show up.
7) 36) dialog: Right where you left it... She goes behind the chaise. She comes up with a magnifice mink. 
7) 42) dialog: Just give him my phone number, I'll tell him myself.  Bill kisses her cheek. She kisses Bill. 
7) 43) dialog: Kill the people.  (to Margo) Got your key?
14) 0) text: It's undergone quite a change. A new carpet, chintz cover for the furniture, new lampshades, dainty curtains across filthy barred window.  Birdie waits within. She's listening to a fight; she shut off as they enter.
14) 2) dialog: Something maybe grew a size bigger.
14) 4) dialog: I couldn't get into the girdle in two an' a half hours... Margo's out of her wig and dress by now. She gets into he robe, sits at the dressing table. Eve's on the chaise, by discarded costume.
14) 9) dialog: Adorable. We now got everything a dressing room needs except a basketball hoop. 
14) 14) dialog: If I may so bold as to say something - did you ever hear the word "union"?
14) 16) dialog: I haven't got a union. I'm slave labor. 
14) 18) dialog: But the wardrobe women have got one. And next to a tenor, a wardrobe woman is the touchiest thing in show business-
14) 20) dialog: She's got two things to do - carry clothes an' press 'em wrong - an' just let anybody else muscle in... As she talks, Margo hurries to the door and out after Eve
17) 0) text: Margo is propped up in bed, still reflective. Birdie come with her breakfast tray and a "hi" which gets a "hi" from Margo. She starts on some petty chores. Margo takes a sip orange juice...
17) 2) dialog: Hmm?
17) 4) dialog: Do you want an argument or an answer?
17) 6) dialog: No. 
17) 8) dialog: Now you want an argument. 
17) 10) dialog: Night an' day. 
17) 12) dialog: Like an agent with one client.
17) 14) dialog: (finally) Well... let's say she thinks only about you, anyway...
17) 16) dialog: I'll tell you how. Like - let's see - like she was studyin' you, like you were a play or a book or a set of blueprints. How you walk, talk, think, eat, sleep-
19) 28) dialog: The bed looks like a dead animal act. Which one is sables?
19) 30) dialog: She's on her way. With half the men in the joint.  (she hold up the coat) It's only a fur coat...
19) 32) dialog: A diamond collar, gold sleeves - you know, picture people... They start out. 
19) 34) dialog: They can always grab oranges off trees. This you can't do in Times Square... Through the open door, we see them go down the stairs and of sight. 
20) 0) text: Karen and Birdie come down the stairs to Bill, Max, Addis a blonde young lady named MISS CASWELL (Addison's protege the-moment) - and, at the feet of Bill and Addison... Eve They are all seated on the steps. Birdie goes through and down the stairs to the first floo Karen remains with the others.  Addison is holding forth:
22) 2) dialog: You all put together? 
22) 4) dialog: There's some loose characters dressed like maids and butlers. Who'd you call - the William Morris Agency?
22) 6) dialog: The caterer had to back for hors d'oeuvres- (she zips Margo) Voila. 
22) 8) dialog: There was nothing he didn't know. (she starts tidying the room) There's a message from the bartender. Does Miss Channing know we ordered domestic gin by mistake?
22) 10) dialog: Late for what?
22) 12) dialog: I ain't dense. And he's been here twenty minutes. 
26) 0) text: It's many Martinis later. Most of the guests have gone. T party has reached that static state - everyone's assumed or less permanent places.  Birdie passes, carrying a cup of coffee. CAMERA FOLLOWS h to the piano where Margo sits on the bench beside the pianist. He is just finishing "Liebestraum" and she stare moodily into a Martini. Birdie halts beside her with the coffee. Margo looks up. Birdie holds out the coffee. Marg takes the onion out of the Martini, drops it into the cof and waves Birdie away. Birdie goes. "Liebestraum" comes t end. The pianist tries to ease into a more sophisticated rhythm. Margo stops him. 