45) 0) text: A girl, in a wrapper, at a wall phone. Her hair's in curl She's frightened. 
45) 1) dialog: My name wouldn't mean anything. I room across the hall from Eve Harrington, and she isn't well. She's been crying all night and hysterical, and she doesn't want a doctor... RICHARDS' BEDROOM, Lloyd is sitting on the edge of the be looking over...
45) 5) dialog: No, Eve didn't say to call him, but I remembered I saw Mr. Richards with her a couple of times - and I thought they being such good friends...
45) 9) dialog: She's up in her room, Mr. Richards. I really hate to bother you like this, but the way Eve's been feeling - I'm just worried sick what with her leaving for New Haven tomorrow, and everything...
45) 13) dialog: I'll tell her, Mr. Richards. She hangs up. As she moves from the phone, the ANGLE WIDE to disclose Eve at the foot of the stairs. The girls smil each other. They go upstairs, arm in arm.  RICHARDS' BEDROOM, Karen is still in bed, phone still in hand. She hangs up, swings her legs out, puts out her cigarette, gets into a robe. The open door and light of t dressing room tell us where Lloyd is. Karen walks to the door, starts to say something, changes mind. She crosses to a table, lights a fresh cigarette, c back to the door. 
53) 0) text: A small foyer, from which one door leads to the leaving r another to the bedroom. The bedroom and living room do no connect except through the foyer.  All the lights are out. Eve turns them on in the foyer, t same as she enters the bedroom. There are some new trunks various stages of being packed. Eve tosses her wrap on th bed, goes through the foyer to the living room. She turns on the light in the living room. CAMERA FOLLOWS to a smart small bar where she fixes a stiff drink. As sh turns from the bar, she stares - starts in fright - and d the drink.  A young girl, asleep in a chair, wakes with a jump. She stares at Eve, horror-stricken. 
53) 2) dialog: Miss Harrington...
53) 4) dialog: I - I guess I fell asleep. Eve starts for the phone. The girl rises in panic. 
53) 5) dialog: Please don't have me arrested, please! I didn't steal anything - you can search me!
53) 7) dialog: I hid outside in the hall till the maid came to turn down your bed. She must've forgot something and when she went to get it, she left the door open. I sneaked in and hid till she finished. Then I just looked around - and pretty soon I was afraid somebody'd notice the lights were on so I turned them off - and then I guess, I fell asleep.
53) 9) dialog: That's all. 
53) 11) dialog: You probably won't believe me. 
53) 13) dialog: It was for my report. 
53) 15) dialog: About how you live, what kind of clothes you wear - what kind of perfume and books - things like that. You know the Eve Harrington clubs - that they've got in most of the girls' high schools?
53) 17) dialog: Ours was one of the first. Erasmus Hall. I'm the president. 
53) 19) dialog: Lots of actresses come from Brooklyn. Barbara Stanwyck, Susan Hayward - of course, they're just movie stars.  Eve makes no comment. She lies wearily on the couch. 
53) 20) dialog: You're going to Hollywood - aren't you? (Eve murmurs "uh-huh") From the trunks you're packing, you must be going to stay a long time.
53) 22) dialog: That spilled drink is going to ruin your carper.  She crosses to it. 
53) 24) dialog: I'll just pick up the broken glass.
53) 27) dialog: Subway.
53) 29) dialog: With changing and everything, a little over an hour. She carries the drink over to Eve. 
53) 31) dialog: (smiles) I don't care if I never get home.  The door buzzer sounds. 
53) 33) dialog: You rest. I'll get it... She goes to the door, opens it. Addison stands there, the Sarah Siddons Award in his hands. 
53) 35) dialog: (shyly) Miss Harrington's resting, Mr. deWitt. She asked me to see who it is...
53) 38) dialog: It's a very famous name, Mr. deWitt. 
53) 40) dialog: Phoebe. 
53) 42) dialog: (stubbornly) I call myself Phoebe. 