2) 0) text: Traffic is not heavy, the shows have broken some half-hou before. The rain is just a drizzle.  There are other theaters on the street; display lights ar being extinguished. Going out just as Karen's taxi pulls is: MARGO CHANNING in 'AGED IN WOOD'. The marquis display below includes "Max Fabian Presents" and "By Lloyd Richar The taxi comes to a stop at the alley. Karen can be seen through the closed windows telling the driver to wait. Th she gets out. She takes a step, hesitates, then looks abo curiously:
20) 0) text: Karen and Birdie come down the stairs to Bill, Max, Addis a blonde young lady named MISS CASWELL (Addison's protege the-moment) - and, at the feet of Bill and Addison... Eve They are all seated on the steps. Birdie goes through and down the stairs to the first floo Karen remains with the others.  Addison is holding forth:
20) 5) dialog: (to Miss Caswell) Did you say sable - or Gable?
20) 8) dialog: (to Bill) Gable. Why a feller like that don't come East to do a play...
20) 11) dialog: Answer me this. What makes a man become a producer?
20) 13) dialog: This answer satisfies me a hundred percent. 
20) 23) dialog: (getting up) Leave me get you one...
20) 54) dialog: I forgot I had it. 
20) 67) dialog: In my case it's necessary. Too many taxi drivers write plays. 
25) 50) dialog: Look, you haven't been running a settlement house exactly - the kid's earned her way. You had a pretty mixed-up inventory when she took over - merchandise laying all over the shop...
25) 53) dialog: How about me what?  They've come to a halt near the fireplace. 
25) 55) dialog: I ain't gonna die. Not with a hit. 
26) 16) dialog: Margo. You by any chance got bicarbonate of soda in the house?
26) 20) dialog: (touched) Let the rest of the world beat their brains out for a buck. It's friends that count. And I got friends. 
26) 22) dialog: She loves me like a father. Also, she's loaded.  He starts off after Margo. As the CAMERA PANS with Bill w see Margo going into the pantry with Max following her. B joins Addison and Miss Caswell on the stairs. 
26) 25) dialog: The situation I'm in ain't the kind you can belch your way out. I made a promise...
26) 27) dialog: An audition for the part we're replacing. What's-her-name, your sister... He adds water to the bicarb. 
26) 29) dialog: (mixing) I feel right now like there's one burning in me. 
26) 31) dialog: A couple of weeks. 
26) 33) dialog: Would you?
26) 35) dialog: This is real cooperation. I appreciate it. 
26) 37) dialog: All you got to do is name it. 
26) 40) dialog: Margo, I wouldn't think of taking that girl away from you...
26) 42) dialog: But what could she do?
26) 44) dialog: Well...
26) 46) dialog: I don't know if this would be a wise move...
26) 48) dialog: I promise. 
26) 53) dialog: If you'll excuse me- (to Margo) I'll tell Miss Caswell... He goes out. A pause. 
29) 0) text: The curtain is up; the set, covered, is a bedroom in a deteriorating Southern mansion.  There is no one in the theater but Max, seated on the ais about two-thirds down, and Eve with Lloyd and Bill on the stage. She is seated; they stand between her and auditori There is some ad lib talk among the three which we cannot make out. Margo marches down the aisle with a steady pace She passes Max smiles a sickly, hopeful smile. She ignore him as if he were a used paper cup. She disappears throug the door which leads backstage.  Max whistles. Lloyd turns. Max indicated the door and put his hands to his head in despair.  Margo walks out of the wings on stage. Bill and Lloyd tur her. Eve rises. 
29) 41) dialog: (from below) May I say a word?
29) 46) dialog: This is for lawyers to talk about, this concerns a run-of-the-play contract, and this you can't rewrite or ad lib!
29) 48) dialog: Are you breaking the contract?
29) 50) dialog: Who am I to threaten? I'm a dying man. 
29) 52) dialog: (yelling) I said I'm a dying man!
43) 0) text: Karen is seated unobtrusively in a rear lower box. Lloyd beside Max up front. On stage, the play is "on its feet." Eve plays a dramatic scene with a young man. They carry "sides" but do not con them. As she speaks, Eve moves upstage, turns to face the young who is forced to turn his back to the auditorium.  Bill calls a halt. He indicates to Eve that she was to ha remained downstage.  Eve seems to be at a loss. She looks at Lloyd.  Lloyd rises, says that he told her to make the change.  Bill comes down to the footlights to tell him to stick to writing, he'll do the directing. It mounts swiftly to a screaming fight. Bill throws the script out into the auditorium, takes his coat and stalks off. Eve runs after him. Max retrieves the script. Lloyd remai adamant. Karen has risen in dismay.  Eve drags Bill back. Without looking at Lloyd, he takes t script from Max, tells the actors to pick up where they l off.  Eve whispers to Lloyd from the stage. Lloyd smiles, mollified, sits down again with Max.  Karen walks up the side aisle, out of the theater...
46) 0) text: The theater is but a few doors from the TAFT HOTEL. The marquee announces a new play by Lloyd Richards, presented Max Fabian, opening tonight.  Addison and Eve stand before the theater admiring her pho on a lobby display. None of the actors are starred. 
50) 14) dialog: Come on! I'm the host, I gotta get home before the guests start stealing the liquor... She and Lloyd follow Max. Addison and Eve are on their wa Lloyd goes right by. Karen pauses at Eve.
50) 17) dialog: (to Addison) I'm giving her a very high-class party. It ain't like a rehearsal, she don't have to be late. 