10) 2) text: A Gothic, stone building. Its windows boarded with wood a its front door locked with a heavy chain. The molding abo the front door clearly reads, “Stanley Hall.” : Next to her stands her friend BRENDA. She’s tall and athletic and blonde. Her carefree demeanor the antithesis Natalie. BRENDA . Cut me a little slack. I just transferred here this year. Now do I say Bloody Mary five or six times before I hear the spirits?
10) 4) dialog: Are you scared Natalie? Natalie laughs.
10) 8) dialog: Bloody Mary -- Natalie rolls her eyes. BRENDA (cont’d) Bloody Mary. Bloody Mary. Bloody Mary. Brenda looks at Natalie. Takes a deep breath, and...
10) 17) dialog: (angry) So is this what you do with your free time? Hang out in the rain by yourself waiting to scare people like a total freak?
10) 19) dialog: Unfortunately.
10) 21) dialog: Not a bad idea. They look at each other and laugh. 17 10.
12) 0) text: The campus coffee shop. Over the radio, Sasha’s radio sho is PLAYING. Natalie and Brenda sit in couches next to a CRACKLING fireplace along with two guys, PARKER and PAUL. Notepads and textbooks fill the table in front of them. Natalie turns to PARKER, older than the others and wearin Sigma Epsilon sweatshirt. Parker has been at Pendelton fo seven years and has no intention on graduating just yet. bother dealing with real responsibility when you're the b known party guy on campus?
12) 4) dialog: What did he teach?
12) 10) dialog: You have a frat party to commemorate a massacre?
12) 22) dialog: Did you see how he brushed against my leg?
12) 24) dialog: Slowly. Like a seduction.
12) 26) dialog: I don‘t know. He’s good-looking, smart, straight. Not the type that usually goes for me.
12) 28) dialog: Should I ask him out?
12) 36) dialog: Bye!
15) 0) text: A large, auditorium style room. On the chalkboard it read “Intro to American Folklore.” The class is restless...no sign of the instructor. In the middle of the classroom si Natalie and Brenda. Behind them, Parker and Damon. Parker eating a bagel and a brown PAPER BAG sits on his desk. Da is staring at the overhead clock. It reads, “9:09.”
15) 9) dialog: That really happened to a girl in my old town.
16) 0) text: Natalie and Brenda step out from the classroom building.
16) 2) dialog: Well I didn’t want to take the chance of getting intestinal splatter on my outfit. They turn a corner and stop dead in their tracks.
16) 3) text: A couple of police cars are parked in front of the studen union. Over by the newsstand, a crowd has gathered. BRENDA (cont'd) What's going on? Natalie shrugs her shoulders. As they walk towards the crowd, a passing GIRL drops a copy of the Pendelton Daily newspaper. Natalie picks it up. On the front page is a huge, New York Post style headline that reads, “IS THERE LUNATIC ON CAMPUS?" There’s a big picture of Michelle Mancini in the middle. NATALIE stares at the paper, shocked. . BRENDA (cont'd) (freaking ‘out) You’ve gotta be kidding me! I knew I should've gone to NYU.
16) 7) dialog: Hi Paul... He smiles at her for a second before something catches hi eye over her shoulder.
16) 20) dialog: {forcing it; into recorder) Today, I am deeply saddened and moved by the sudden death --
16) 22) dialog: See ya. . (she turns to Natalie) Tell me you noticed him licking his lips when he looked at me.
16) 26) dialog: Yes. Brenda jerks her arms back victoriously.
17) 5) dialog: What if there is a lunatic on campus?
17) 11) dialog: Anyone here know her? Everyone shakes their heads, “no.” Natalie isn’t even listening. Brenda snaps her fingers in front of her face. BRENDA (cont'd) Hello...space cadet.
17) 24) dialog: Hey it’s Brenda. Cardio funk hip-hop aerobics tonight? Call me. Natalie looks at herself in the mirror. Hanging off the s of it is a blue and gold tassel like Michelle Mancini had the car. Natalie looks away. She takes her coat off and goes to the closet to hang it. The answering machine BEEP
34) 0) text: Brenda, Paul, Sasha and Parker are sitting around Natalie hasn't slept all night and looks it. Parker’s trying to h back his laughter.
34) 11) dialog: What urban legend?
34) 14) dialog: I'm starting to feel an anxiety attack coming on.
43) 0) text: Brenda and Natalie are slowly walking up towards the dorm common area.
43) 1) dialog: Natalie, maybe Tosh just couldn’t deal with life anymore.
43) 3) dialog: Maybe this counselor isn’t such a bad idea.
43) 5) dialog: Sure.
43) 7) dialog: No. But it makes for great conversation at parties. . Brenda smiles and Natalie forces one out too. They reach entrance to the common room and pause.
44) 4) dialog: (waving hands) Oh no, I’m all oozed up. He grabs Natalie’s hand and sits her down. Brenda follows
49) 0) text: Paul and Natalie are storming out when, suddenly, Brenda appears in front of them.
49) 1) dialog: Hey guys! What’s up? I was just passing by and --
49) 3) dialog: (yelling out) I'll be at the gym! She hushes, looking none too pleased with herself.
57) 2) text: Brenda is down in the pool, swimming.’ Natalie knocks on window.
58) 0) text: We follow Brenda as she swims. We see Natalie up above. T knocking is inaudible.
60) 0) text: We only hear silence as Brenda finishes her lap. The kill is standing at the edge of the pool, seemingly waiting.
62) 0) text: Brenda reaches the edge and begins to pull herself out. T killer is reaching for something in his coat pocket.
63) 1) text: Brenda, wearing a one-piece lycra bathing suit that shows her taut physique, looks up. At the same.time, the FIGURE removes the parka, revealing a female SWIMMER in a bathin suit. NATALIE is frozen, holding onto the table. Bad call. Suddenly, A HAND reaches over and grabs her shoulder. Natalie jumps, startled. She turns to find a WORK-STUDY EMPLOYEE.
64) 0) text: Natalie and Brenda are walking alone through the quad. (CONTINUED)
64) 3) dialog: And you and Michelle never spoke again?
64) 8) dialog: Never heard of it.
64) 10) dialog: (answering for Natalie) Yes. We’ll be there. (CONTINUED)
64) 15) dialog: Natalie, a party is exactly what you need right now. I mean, what are you gonna do, lock yourself in your room in case some imaginary -- Natalie looks at her. BRENDA (cont'd) Okay...a possibly non-existent serial killer tracks you down and kills you like an urban legend...come on, what's he gonna do? Feed you poison pop rocks? Natalie smiles slightly.
64) 17) dialog: Of course. Unless I hook up with Paul. Then you'll have to fend for yourself. But since that's destined not too happen...you're in luck. They both laugh.
70) 15) dialog: Spoke too soon. I‘m going to the kitchen to get something to drink....want anything?
70) 17) dialog: You got it. Brenda walks off. Natalie turns around to find an OLD
73) 6) dialog: A gerbil?
73) 9) dialog: He’s here?
73) 11) dialog: Thanks for letting me know. Brenda walks away. Sasha turns back to the girls and they continue gossiping.
74) 11) dialog: Let him come to me, huh Natalie?
74) 13) dialog: Here. It's a light. She shoves the beer in Natalie’s face, spilling most of i and walks out.
105) 3) dialog: (worried) I heard Sasha on the radio. What’s going on?
105) 5) dialog: Oh my God.
108) 4) dialog: Why don’t we stop there and see if the phones work?
109) 0) text: Natalie and Brenda stand outside. The overhead carport ke them dry. Natalie is leaning against the trunk.
109) 2) dialog: I‘m fine with you two together, by the way.
109) 4) dialog: No. Look, I thought about it. And I'm not going to be one of those selfish, just-because-I-don’ t-have-a-boyfriend- doesn‘ t-mean-you-can’‘t-have-one-either type of friends. You two like each other. You should be together. Natalie smiles at her. She goes to give her a hug, steppi away from the trunk. BRENDA (cont’d) Natalie. She points at the trunk. It’s unlocked and there's a piec of cloth sticking out of it. Brenda walks over and starts open it. They both make a face as they catch a strong whi of whatever's stinking.up the car.
109) 7) dialog: Like I said...you could keep him.
109) 11) dialog: We're in the middle of nowhere.
110) 0) text: NATALIE AND BRENDA smash through a thicket of branches, trying to keep from slipping in the rain.
110) 1) dialog: (crying) Natalie where are we going?!?
117) 3) dialog: Someone! Help! NATALIE (cont'd) Brenda? Natalie looks from side to side, there’s no one around. S holds her breath and runs towards the entrance. 157 158 159 92.
118) 1) dialog: Help me! Natalie looks up. Brenda’s upstairs.
121) 0) text: Natalie looks in. It’s lit by dozens of candles. She sees Brenda lying on the bed. She walks to her. She’s dead. Natalie starts crying. She sinks down to the floor. A SHADOW rises over her. She turns around and... A FIST slams into her face, knocking her out. FADE TO BLACK.
122) 0) text: Natalie regains consciousness. She’s tied up and gagged i bed. She struggles but it’s pointless. To her side is a hospital operating room tray with medical equipment, including a large SCALPEL. The Killer in the parka appear Takes off the hood. It’s Brenda. She smiles at Natalie.
122) 1) dialog: Gotcha! Natalie looks at her in disbelief. BRENDA (cont’d) I must say, you've proved your friendship to me Natalie. Coming to my rescue without even a little pepper spray to defend yourself. Very endearing. Natalie tries to talk through the gag. BRENDA (cont'd) Excuse me? I’m sorry, I can’t understand a thing you're saying doll. Now if I remove the gag, you gotta promise me you won’t scream or it goes back in.
124) 0) text: Brenda removes the gag from Natalie’s mouth. (CONTINUED)
124) 3) dialog: I prefer the term “eccentric.” But yeah, I guess you can say I’ma little nutty.
124) 5) dialog: Why? Why? You still haven’t figured it out. Well, lucky for you Miss Thing, I've got a visual aid. She takes out a slide machine, the same one from Wexler’s class, and turns it on. The image reflects off the wall opposite Natalie. She CLICKS. A picture of a younger, happier Brenda appears. She’s holding hands with a YOUNG MAN. . BRENDA (cont'd) There I am with my boyfriend. The love of my life, Natalie. Have you met the love of your life yet? Of course not, oo you’re too self-involved to bother.
124) 8) dialog: Ding ding ding. Brenda CLICKS the slide machine. A picture of a newspaper clipping appears. The headline, “Teenager Killed in Appar Gang Initiation.”
124) 9) dialog: . Marty Stuart was his name. The one you and your friend decided to have a little fun with, that one night.
124) 15) dialog: You weren't driving. But it was your car Natalie. And you were there. Didn’t you tell me something about not being able to forgive yourself? Well, I thought, as a friend, I could help you out in that area. Brenda stares at the picture. There’s a trace of sadness her eyes. But just. for a second. She turns back to Natalie. BRENDA (cont’d) The reporters immediately jumped on the gang story because it was so much more interesting than a couple of ditzy cheerleaders playing a practical joke.
124) 17) dialog: Too late. The urban legend had already spread. You two never even spent a night in jail for what you did. Payback’s a bitch, isn’t it, Natalie?
124) 19) dialog: I told you I already tried therapy. Obviously did me no good. I must say, I kinda enjoyed all of this. Playing with your head. You used an urban legend to kill my boyfriend and now. Brenda laughs. She walks to the tray and grabs the scalpe
124) 21) dialog: Just my fave U.L. The kidney heist. You know this one don’t you? Guy gets picked up by a woman at a bar. They go back to her hotel room. She gives him a drink. It's drugged. He’s knocked out. When he wakes up...one of his kidney’s been removed. Supposedly they’re sold on the black market to wealthy foreigners in need of organ transplants. Don’t think it’s ever really happened...till tonight. (CONTINUED)
124) 26) dialog: Of course I will. I‘ve got the perfect murderer in the trunk of Paul’s car...Wexler.
124) 28) dialog: This was his room you know. He probably slept in that same bed when that crazy professor came and tried to kill him. Twenty-five years ago this weekend. It’s a pattern. Tonight he does away with students and kills himself...in the same manner as the course he teaches! It‘s so clean isn’t it? The symmetry of it all. Well, enough chat! to Natalie’s side. BRENDA (cont'd) Unfortunately, I have no anesthesia. Sorry. You'll just have to bite real hard on the gag and hopefully go into shock soon enough.
124) 30) dialog: Don’t you want to become an urban legend Natalie? All your friends are now. Brenda lifts up Natalie’s shirt. BRENDA (cont‘d) Now let me see...is the kidney here or is that the liver? I was always such a dope at anatomy. Who cares, right? First organ I see...I’m grabbin’ it! o stuff the gag in Natalie’s mouth. Natalie bites her hand hard. BRENDA (cont‘d) Ouch! You stupid bitch! She slaps Natalie. (CONTINUED)
124) 34) dialog: Oh great. I’m running out of legends here Paul. What am I gonna have to do with you?
124) 37) dialog: Well, well, if it isn’t wanna-be cop.
124) 44) dialog: Reese is patting Brenda down. Brenda looks down at her co pocket. Just as Reese is about to touch it, Brenda draws knife out of the pocket and slashes her. Reese drops her gun. Brenda grabs it. Just as Reese lunges for her, she shoots her.
124) 46) dialog: Don’t move! Oh Pauly, you sure you don’t want to reconsider? We could be so...cute together.
124) 48) dialog: Really?
124) 53) dialog: You're gonna shoot me Natalie? Huh? What kind of friend are you. She goes for Natalie when a loud BANG stops her cold. Another BANG and Brenda flies back, CRASHING through the rotted wood boarding up the window. She lands with a THUD outside, REESE, is holding onto the standard issue security gun sh usually carried. Her pant leg is raised and we see the hidden holster.
125) 0) text: Brenda lies on the wet asphalt, motionless.
130) 0) text: Natalie grabs Reese’s gun. She aims at Brenda and shoots just as the car goes over a bump. The shot SHATTERS the s window.
132) 0) text: Natalie fastens her seat belt just as Brenda pries the ax loose. She's standing above Natalie.
132) 4) dialog: No...
133) 1) dialog: She‘s about to swing, when BOOM! Paul SLAMS into the tree Brenda CRASHES through the front windshield, flying out o the car.
134) 0) text: Paul and Natalie slowly step outside. It seems calm when suddenly, Brenda jumps up.
134) 1) dialog: 