16) 10) dialog: You‘re the one that wrote this misconstrued, sensationalistic piece of rubbish, didn’t you?
16) 12) dialog: Let me tell you something young man, as far as I’m concerned, the only lunatic on this campus is you.
42) 0) text: Natalie is sitting down surrounded by Dean Adams, Reese a couple of COPS. The door is open and Natalie, eyes glazed is staring out at Tosh’s covered body being wheeled off b PARAMEDIC. The bitchy girl stands against the wall watching.
42) 2) dialog: Natalie? She turns to him. DEAN ADAMS (cont'd) Some water? He hands her a glass of water and sits in. front. of her.
42) 6) dialog: So you heard moaning when you walked in. Why didn't you turn on the lights?
42) 10) dialog: Natalie did you know Tosh was manic- depressive? He holds up the bottle of Prozac.
42) 14) dialog: This appears to be a very tragic...suicide.
42) 16) dialog: A very morbid...suicide note. Dead silence. The Dean compassionately places his hand on Natalie's lap. (CONTINUED)
42) 19) dialog: Look, I’m having someone come in right now and hold a counseling session with the rest of the dorm. It might be a good idea for you to sit in. Natalie stares at the Dean and Reese. We track behind her towards one of the computer terminals. On the screen is t America Online sign-off message. It reads, “Goodbye Gloomy4u.”
54) 7) dialog: (sympathetically) Now Natalie, I know you're dealing with a lot right now. Suicide --
54) 9) dialog: Why do you two insist on creating an unnecessary atmosphere of paranoia in my school? Hmm?
54) 11) dialog: It‘s a...what do you call it? An urban legend. You hear that on every college campus.
54) 14) dialog: Natalie, maybe you'd care to sheda little light on something I noticed on your file.
54) 16) dialog: Your probation for reckless endangerment. No response from Natalie. Paul looks at her, eyebrow rais Ne (CONTINUED)
54) 21) dialog: I know. Happened after you’d already been accepted to Pendelton. You're lucky. The admissions office might have not looked upon a criminal record very favorably otherwise. Would you care to elaborate? Natalie looks at Paul then at the Dean.
54) 23) dialog: Natalie there is nothing happening except two, completely unrelated tragedies. Now, I want to be as supportive as possible, but you’re skating on thin ice right now. So I’m requesting you take an academic leave of absence through the end of the semester. It'll do you some good to deal with what’s happening, back home, with your family.
54) 26) dialog: I’m not through yet. You‘re off the paper Paul. This institution's had enough of your inflammatory articles.
54) 28) dialog: The constitution doesn’t protect someone who wrongfully yells “fire” in a crowded theater. And Paul, you’ve yelled fire one too many times on this campus. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
55) 8) dialog: (into phone) Oh yes, very, very well. Enrollment’s up this semester and we've got record admissions applications for next --
55) 10) dialog: (covering phone; serious) Just a second. (into phone) Okay. No, all that’s been taken care of. Thank God. Miles outside of Pendelton. See you on Founder’s Day. Good-bye. He hangs up the phone. DEAN ADAMS (cont‘d) Yes?
55) 12) dialog: In case what?
55) 14) dialog: Tell me something? What kind of frightening message do you want to send out to our students, Reese? I think what Pendelton needs right now is a few extra counselors so we can get on the road to healing. Don’t you agree?
55) 18) dialog: I think you should re-read your job description and stick to it. And listen to me and listen well...anything happen on campus this weekend, you don’t blink till you contact me first. Understood?
66) 1) dialog: 
75) 20) dialog: Please leave a message.