20) 0) text: She locks the doors. Turns around. The back window is ope As she reaches back to shut it, a GLOVED HAND grabs her h from outside and starts reaching inside, trying to unlock door. Natalie grabs the keys from the ignition and stabs his ha The killer falls back and Natalie is able to shut the win NATALIE (cont'd)
22) 0) text: Natalie is still feverishly attempting to get the car started. The SCRATCHING even more furious than before. Natalie stops to catch her breath. She looks out the wind Presses her face against the glass, attempting to see wha happening on the roof, when suddenly... THE KILLER'S HEAD pops down from over the car, right in f of her,
25) 0) text: Natalie is shaking as The killer lurches up towards the windshield.
28) 0) text: She falls out of the car and looks around. No sign of the killer. She gets up and runs away.
34) 19) text: It’s a variation babe. There's dozens of them. Thus the windshield stunt. (to Natalie) Tell me, what was this killer wearing?
41) 0) text: Tosh is in front of the mirror, hurriedly applying makeup Smeared black mascara, black eyeliner, white face powder, etc. She runs back into the room. INT. NATALIE’S ROOM - NIGHT. 58 She sits at her desk again and looks at the computer scre She rereads her last message, “Tell me what room U R in.” Pan down to the response. “Yours.” Suddenly, THE KILLER appears behind her. He covers her mo with his gloved hand. We hear her muffled SCREAM as she struggles to break loos She tries typing “help” on the computer screen. The kille hits a button and shuts off the computer. Before it goes black, we hear the America Online “GOODBYE.” The killer rolls Tosh in her desk chair over to her bed. She tries t get up, but he knocks her down. He grabs her pillow and covers her face. Her screams sound like MOANING. s9 60 61 41.
62) 0) text: Brenda reaches the edge and begins to pull herself out. T killer is reaching for something in his coat pocket.
67) 0) text: The killer climbs in and sets the car in neutral. He turn the steering wheel and sends the car down the decline.
81) 0) text: Parker comes to. He’s bound and gagged. The beer funnel tube stuck in his mouth. The Killer hovers over him. He grabs a packet of Pop Rocks from his pocket ahd pours it the funnel. Parker’s muffled SCREAMS are quickly eclipsed the sound of SNAPPING AND POPPING. The killer then grabs bottle of Drano and pours it completely down the funnel. Parker starts spasming wildly. Finally he stops. Dead. Th killer removes the tube and tape from his mouth. Blue liq and pop rocks drool down the sides of Parker’s mouth, the only sound the CRACKLING of the candy. He exits the room. 76.
86) 4) dialog: directly in front of her face. Sasha SCREAMS. INT. NATALIE’S ROOM - NIGHT. 119 The SCREAM jolts Natalie out of bed.
87) 0) text: The killer SMASHES through the glass with the ax. Sasha moves away before the blade slashes her. She runs to the door, tries opening it...locked. .
89) 0) text: The killer’s almost broken through the glass. Sasha manag to open the door enough to climb through. 124 125 126 127 128 80.
95) 0) text: She runs in and presses 3, the last floor, then pounds on “Door Close.” As the doors shut, the Killer tries to stic his arm in, but it’s too late.
103) 1) text: Through the window, we see Sasha jumps up. Her last gasp. She presses her hands against the glass. As she falls slowly, the blood smears. Behind her we now see THE KILLE The song abruptly stops. Another one starts playing....Blondie. “One way, or another, I’m gonna find ya...I‘m gonna getcha, I’m gonna getcha getcha getcha --” The killer is looking down on Natalie. Horrified, she run away. 138 83.
115) 1) text: Paul’s car is gone and so is the killer.
122) 0) text: Natalie regains consciousness. She’s tied up and gagged i bed. She struggles but it’s pointless. To her side is a hospital operating room tray with medical equipment, including a large SCALPEL. The Killer in the parka appear Takes off the hood. It’s Brenda. She smiles at Natalie.