0) 0) text: A cold, windy evening in New England. Bare, looming trees line the sides of the desolate road. Suddenly, the darkne is broken by fast approaching LIGHTS. We see a speeding L Rover round a bend. INT. LAND ROVER - NIGHT. We pull in from the rear, revealing a mess of books and clothing including a distinctive BLACK PARKA. Driving the car is a cute, curly-haired, twenty year-old, MICHELLE MANCINI. She listens attentively to a “Lovelines” style t show on the radio.
0) 15) dialog: Turn around/every now and then I get a little bit terrified and then I see the look in your eyes... The sunroof is open and the moon softly illuminates Miche She’s too entertained to notice a FLASHING LIGHT on the console...the low fuel gauge. She speeds past a large She station. INT. LAND ROVER ~ NIGHT. The car begins sputtering. She turns the radio down and notices the light and accompanying BEEPING.
0) 16) dialog: (panicked) Oh no... : Through the windshield, she sees a rundown gas station in distance. MICHELLE (cont’d) Please...please make it. The car is on its last fume. It sputters into the station and dies. Michelle breathes a sigh of relief. A creepy, disheveled ATTENDANT steps out of his office and walks to car. Michelle opens the window just a crack.
0) 18) text: She slips her credit card through the crack. He stares at her, nods and walks away. MICHELLE (cont‘d) (to herself) Freak show.
1) 0) text: The gas hose is in the tank filling up. INT. LAND ROVER - NIGHT. Michelle looks at her watch impatiently.
1) 2) dialog: What?
1) 4) dialog: What is it?
1) 6) dialog: Is there a problem?
1) 8) dialog: Hold on. She grabs mace spray and sticks it in her coat pocket. INT. OFFICE - NIGHT. It’s dark and dingy, the only light a dim, flickering fluorescent bulb. Michelle steps inside and the attendant immediately closes the door behind her, locking it witha key. (CONTINUED)
1) 10) dialog: So where's the phone?
1) 12) dialog: Don’t touch me!
4) 0) text: Michelle falls out and runs to her car. She's fumbling around with her keys when... THE ATTENDANT opens the office door. He's approaching. Sh can't find the right key. He’s almost there. Finally, she gets the key and leaps inside.
6) 0) text: Michelle hits the accelerator SMASHING into the attendant He's clinging onto the hood.
7) 0) text: The gas hose flies out of the tank spilling gasoline all the ground. Michelle makes a sharp turn into the road and the attendant falls off. (CONTINUED)
8) 3) dialog: Turn around, bright eyes/every now and then I fall apart/Turn around, bright...
8) 6) dialog: 
16) 3) text: A couple of police cars are parked in front of the studen union. Over by the newsstand, a crowd has gathered. BRENDA (cont'd) What's going on? Natalie shrugs her shoulders. As they walk towards the crowd, a passing GIRL drops a copy of the Pendelton Daily newspaper. Natalie picks it up. On the front page is a huge, New York Post style headline that reads, “IS THERE LUNATIC ON CAMPUS?" There’s a big picture of Michelle Mancini in the middle. NATALIE stares at the paper, shocked. . BRENDA (cont'd) (freaking ‘out) You’ve gotta be kidding me! I knew I should've gone to NYU.