12) 0) text: The campus coffee shop. Over the radio, Sasha’s radio sho is PLAYING. Natalie and Brenda sit in couches next to a CRACKLING fireplace along with two guys, PARKER and PAUL. Notepads and textbooks fill the table in front of them. Natalie turns to PARKER, older than the others and wearin Sigma Epsilon sweatshirt. Parker has been at Pendelton fo seven years and has no intention on graduating just yet. bother dealing with real responsibility when you're the b known party guy on campus?
12) 2) dialog: She devours every issue of Cosmo. Calls it her bible. BRENDA (cont'd) (anxious) So, finish the story.
12) 3) dialog: Anyway, he was a professor on campus. Maybe twenty-five, thirty years ago.
12) 5) dialog: I don't know...biology or something. PAUL, the sexy and soft-spoken journalist, sits next to Brenda. He’s quiet and listens intently. The kind of guy who seems to be able to read you with one glance.
12) 7) dialog: Not the point of the story, but fine, abnormal psych it is. Anyway, he flipped out one night. Went completely berserk. Grabbed his hunting knife and headed into Stanley Hall. Banged on every door. And every student that answered, he took that knife and slit their throats. Ear to ear. (CONTINUED)
12) 12) dialog: (grinning broadly) You betcha.
12) 14) dialog: You can laugh but like I’ve said before, I really see no point in graduating before thirty.
12) 17) dialog: Well, that’s the thing. Pendelton knew enrollment would suffer permanently, so, in cahoots with the national news media and various, other, powerful organizations...they’ve done their best to eliminate any information relating to it. (CONTINUED)
12) 30) dialog: Yo! Don’t mind including me in some of your chick banter. Paul walks back.
15) 0) text: A large, auditorium style room. On the chalkboard it read “Intro to American Folklore.” The class is restless...no sign of the instructor. In the middle of the classroom si Natalie and Brenda. Behind them, Parker and Damon. Parker eating a bagel and a brown PAPER BAG sits on his desk. Da is staring at the overhead clock. It reads, “9:09.”
15) 2) dialog: Bud, I’ve been here six years. If the professor has tenure, which Wexler does, you wait twenty minutes. If not, ten’s the max.
15) 35) dialog: HE’S GONNA EXPLODE! Brenda SCREAMS and runs out of the room. BOOM! It sounds like something’s burst. The entire class stands and stare at Damon who suddenly jumps up and laughs hysterically. H pulls out the paper bag he was hiding under his coat. The class bursts into LAUGHTER. Wexler shakes his head an rolls his eyes. PROF. WEXLER (cont'd) All right children, shall we move on?
17) 3) dialog: Yeah, one minute you’ve finally figured out where your g-spot is, the next your head is too far away to see it. He starts laughing.
17) 7) dialog: I heard the girl’s body kept driving by itself even though it had no head.
34) 0) text: Brenda, Paul, Sasha and Parker are sitting around Natalie hasn't slept all night and looks it. Parker’s trying to h back his laughter.
34) 2) dialog: Sorry. It’s just that, you've been had Natalie.
34) 4) dialog: Trust me, he’s my frat brother and the best practical joker on campus. He once convinced a freshman he was the middle Hanson brother just so he could get laid.
34) 8) dialog: Weekend ski trip with his buddies from back home.
34) 10) dialog: He drove. A realization comes over Parker. PARKER (cont‘d) Scratching on the roof of the car...don’t you get it? It’s just like the urban legend.
34) 12) dialog: Wexler talks about it every semester. Guy —~ and girl. Parked in the woods making out. Guy steps out. Girl hears spooky ~ scratching noises on the roof...it’s her dead boyfriend, hung from the tree.
34) 21) dialog: With a furry hood? Natalie nods. Parker laughs. PARKER (cont’‘d) His Nanook of the North spook outfit. Look, Damon’s in the class. He knew the myth. He must've planned the whole thing out. Conniving bastard. Something hits Natalie.
34) 26) dialog: Call Damon. You’ll see. (CONTINUED)
46) 0) text: A small single in the frat house. The blinds are drawn an Indian sitar music is PLAYING in the background. Sasha, dressed in sexy lingerie, is lighting candles around the while Parker lies shirtless in bed, anxiously awaiting whatever she has planned.
46) 1) dialog: So...what are we doin’?
46) 7) dialog: Oh come on! He’s not bothering you.
46) 9) dialog: It’s all right boy. You'll be back ina few minutes.
50) 0) text: Sasha and Parker, both nude, are completely entwined. The “Kama Sutra” book is propped up on the nightstand. Sasha writhing in ecstasy. Parker looks like he’s being crushed PARKER . Can’t we ever just do it like normal people?
50) 4) dialog: I’m just saying, it wouldn’t hurt to get into the missionary position every now and then.
50) 6) dialog: Sasha. Sasha...enough! Disengage. There’s something wrong with Hootie.
50) 9) dialog: 
64) 5) dialog: See, I told you it was a practical joke. Damon left a rubber finger in Hootie’s food bowl.
64) 7) dialog: You know, so he can chew on. That choking dog legend...
64) 9) dialog: Yeah well, when you get to be my age, you'd have heard them all. That fuck. Something could've happened to Hootie. Natalie looks away. She doesn’t know what to say. PARKER (cont‘d) So you girls coming to the party tonight?
64) 13) dialog: Cool. Remember, we're commemorating a massacre so wear all black. Oh, and gory face paint is strongly encouraged. Later. He walks off.
70) 4) dialog: That's my boy!
75) 0) text: Parker and the other frat guys are drinking shots. Natali approaches him.
75) 2) dialog: Yeah. Running out the front door. Paul walks over to Parker and whispers in his ear.
75) 4) dialog: What?
75) 6) dialog: Really? (screaming) EVERYONE! EVERYONE!
75) 9) dialog: Now tell everyone why you think they should go home. (CONTINUED)
75) 14) dialog: I've got a legend you may or may not have heard of. Mediocre, attention seeking, Woodward and Bernstein wanna-be realizes he's gonna graduate and end up writing gardening tips for Martha Stewart's “Living.” Unless, of course, he finds something to write about that’ll give him lots of attention and a possible job. Aaaah's from the crowd. Natalie stares heavily at Paul. PARKER (cont‘d) There’s not much happening in hicksville so he takes advantage of his homicidal instincts and starts killing people ina trendy, cover of Time, very special edition of Oprah way. Basing them on urban legends. . Paul stares at him.
75) 16) dialog: Maybe you're the one that should take off and let everyone else have a good time. Paul nods then looks at’ Natalie. one last time before wa out. INT. PROF. WEXLER‘S OFFICE - NIGHT. 102 Reese is on the phone with the Dean's answering machine. (CONTINUED)
76) 0) text: A drunk Parker’s pigging out on leftover pizza and drinki beer. The microwave is on. It sounds like popcorn popping The phone rings.
76) 1) dialog: (mouth full) Hello? (no answer) Hello? He slams the phone down and gets back to the pizza when t phone rings again. 7 PARKER (cont'd) What!
76) 3) dialog: Oh really? He walks over with the cordless to the Caller ID. It read “Damon Brooks: 618-563-0562.” PARKER (cont'd) The call’s coming from inside the house. This is very familiar. Could it be? An urban legend. Am I right? Hello? Don’t get shy on me all of a sudden, fuckface. Parker starts heading out of the kitchen. PARKER (cont’d) This is the one about the baby-sitter. She's getting the scary, harassing phone calls. And when she traces them... they’re coming from inside the house!
76) 4) text: oe 104 INT. FOYER - NIGHT. 104 Parker is standing at the edge of the stairs. He starts walking up. PARKER (cont'd) But...ass wipe...aren‘’t you forgetting something? I’m not baby-sitting any kids!
77) 2) dialog: (breaking up) Hootie! (into phone) You sick motherfucker! He turns and runs out. 106 INT. DAMON’S ROOM - NIGHT. . 106 Parker bursts in, still clutching onto his beer. The phon is off the receiver. He tears the room apart.
77) 3) dialog: (hysterical) Damon I’m gonna furnish you with a new ASSHOLE! You hear me?!? He walks towards the closed closet door. Swings it open. BOOM! A basketball bounces off his head. He heads out.
78) 0) text: Parker staggers down the hallway, cup of beer still in hi hand. There’s a closed door. He swings it open.
78) 5) dialog: 
78) 6) dialog: Sorry man, it’s just --
78) 9) dialog: Sorry. Parker shuts the door. He takes another swig of the beer. He holds his stomach. He looks like he’s going to be sick He goes inside the bathroom.
79) 0) text: Parker sets the beer down and lifts up the toilet seat. H kneels, about to throw up, when...
81) 0) text: Parker comes to. He’s bound and gagged. The beer funnel tube stuck in his mouth. The Killer hovers over him. He grabs a packet of Pop Rocks from his pocket ahd pours it the funnel. Parker’s muffled SCREAMS are quickly eclipsed the sound of SNAPPING AND POPPING. The killer then grabs bottle of Drano and pours it completely down the funnel. Parker starts spasming wildly. Finally he stops. Dead. Th killer removes the tube and tape from his mouth. Blue liq and pop rocks drool down the sides of Parker’s mouth, the only sound the CRACKLING of the candy. He exits the room. 76.
135) 0) text: Six college kids, guys and girls, are gathered around BLA a young Parkerish frat guy who's finishing telling the st They're sitting in one of the old rooms. It’s lit by candles.