16) 8) text: The patrician, middle-aged college dean, ROGER ADAMS, is standing on the steps of the student union, clutching a c of the newspaper. Next to him is a young, black woman ina security uniform. This is REESE, campus head of security. She has a determined, intense look in her eyes. The Dean turns to a couple of young INTERNS and whispers them. They immediately walk down and through the crowd an begin confiscating the papers from the newstand.
16) 16) dialog: I have a comment. U.S. News & World Report named Pendelton the safest university in the country. I call it the safest university in the Western Hemisphere and I intend to keep it that way with or without your help. She turns around and follows the Dean.
29) 0) text: On the wall hangs a large “Foxy Brown” poster with Pam Gr We hear a couple arguing 0.S. We track to a desk where Re is watching “Coffy,” another Pam Grier classic. Reese kno every line and delivers it with as much vigor as Pam.
29) 1) dialog: This is the end of your rotten life you motherfuckin’ dope pusher! A shotgun BLAST followed by typical blaxploitation MUSIC. Reese holds up her small, standard issue gun and pretends shoot. . REESE (cont‘d) It was easy for him because he really didn’t believe it was coming, but it ain’t gonna be easy for you, ‘cause you better believe that it’s coming. (CONTINUED)
30) 0) text: Reese is driving in the woods as Natalie sits, shaking. Reese caresses her shoulder.
30) 1) dialog: Honey, everything's gonna be all right now. You hear me?
31) 0) text: Reese turns off the main road into a dirt path.
32) 0) text: Natalie turns to Reese. NATALIE (cont'd) Up ahead. She closes her eyes. Reese stops the car.
32) 1) dialog: Here? Natalie looks up.
33) 0) text: She walks around. It’s the same spot. Reese climbs out. (CONTINUED)
33) 4) dialog: If you don’t mind me asking...WHAT THE
33) 7) dialog: Right here, huh?
33) 9) dialog: That's impossible. The police arrested the gas station attendant this evening. Natalie is speechless.
42) 0) text: Natalie is sitting down surrounded by Dean Adams, Reese a couple of COPS. The door is open and Natalie, eyes glazed is staring out at Tosh’s covered body being wheeled off b PARAMEDIC. The bitchy girl stands against the wall watching.
42) 8) dialog: So you never actually saw anyone there?
42) 12) dialog: There’s no signs of foul play here. No forced entry. No signs of a struggle. No witnesses.
53) 1) dialog: (over a P.A.) You might wanna pick that up. He stops and turns to find Reese in her security car, tal over the loudspeaker. He nervously goes back and picks up the cup.
54) 0) text: Reese laughs to herself. Suddenly, Natalie and Paul burst through the doors of the nearby classroom building. She steps out of her car.
54) 1) dialog: . Hey! What the hell?!?
54) 3) dialog: What? (CONTINUED)
55) 9) dialog: Dean Adams?
55) 11) dialog: I was just thinking it might not be a bad idea to add a few extra guards this weekend. In case --
55) 13) dialog: Anything should happen.
55) 15) dialog: That story about the massacre. Is there anything to it? He stares at her harshly. (CONTINUED)
55) 19) dialog: (holding back anger) Understood. She turns away and walks out.
71) 0) text: We hear the 0.S. sound of falling RAIN and THUNDER. We pu down a long, dimly lit hallway where Reese is making her rounds, checking to see that each door is locked. A SMASH heard around the corner. She quickly pulls out her gun and gets up against the wal inching slowly towards the corner -- very “Charlie's Ange Reese jumps, gun drawn, to face the possible foe.
71) 1) text: An open window is blowing open and shut one of the office doors. Reese laughs to herself. She walks to the window, shuts it. She goes to close the door. The sign on it read “Professor Wexler.” The door doesn’t shut. She looks down and sees the end of a lamp peeking out. Reese is puzzled. She opens the door.
72) 1) dialog: Hello? A flash of lightning reveals that the office has been completely wrecked. Something is not right.
75) 21) dialog: Hi, Dean Adams. This is Reese. Are you there? Hello? She slams the phone down. She taps her fingers on her des unsure of what to do.
82) 0) text: Reese picks up the phone and dials "911." She gets a recording.
102) 0) text: Reese is driving through campus scanning through the radi stations. It stops on WVOP and the horrific SCREAM. She can’t understand what is going on.
106) 0) text: Reese runs out of her car in the rain. She takes out a la keyring and opens the front door.
107) 0) text: She walks to the elevator and presses the call button. Lo around. Just as the elevator door opens, there’s a BLAST thunder. Reese jumps and looks out the window, unaware of INT. ELEVATOR - NIGHT. Sasha's dead body.
108) 0) text: As the door begins to close, Reese turns and comes face t face with the horrible sight. The door slams shut.
116) 0) text: Reese bursts through the door. The intensity we saw in he eyes when we first met her is back. She looks over to the “Foxy Brown” poster and locks eyes with Pam Grier. NOTE: Funky, early 70's blaxploitation music scores the rest of scene. Reese opens up a drawer with a key and takes out a wooden box. Inside lies a huge, silver Colt .45 with a mother-of pearl handle. She loads the cartridge and CLANKS it shut. With one quick motion, she bends her knees, holds the gun straight out and points it to her reflection in the mirro Reese is one Bad Mama.
123) 0) text: Reese is driving through campus, big gun sitting in the passenger seat. In the distance is Stanley Hall. Somethin catches her eye.
124) 36) dialog: With pleasure. Brenda looks on, unbelievingly. She drops the.scalpel.
124) 38) dialog: Get your hands up and stand against the wall, you loonie-psycho bitch. Brenda grudgingly follows orders. Reese walks over to her Paul runs to Natalie and removes her gag. They hug passionately. (CONTINUED)
124) 44) dialog: Reese is patting Brenda down. Brenda looks down at her co pocket. Just as Reese is about to touch it, Brenda draws knife out of the pocket and slashes her. Reese drops her gun. Brenda grabs it. Just as Reese lunges for her, she shoots her.
126) 3) dialog: (weakly; bittersweet) Got me in the abdomen...thought I’d have to wait to be a cop before that ever happened.
126) 5) dialog: Hell no. Go and get help...quick. Paul and Natalie turn to leave. REESE (cont'd) And Natalie...good work there.
130) 0) text: Natalie grabs Reese’s gun. She aims at Brenda and shoots just as the car goes over a bump. The shot SHATTERS the s window.
135) 10) dialog: As you all probably know, this building . is off limits. So get your asses up and out of here...NOW.
135) 12) dialog: What? (CONTINUED)