0) 1) dialog: You're listening to After Dark with Sasha on WVOP, the Voice of Pendelton University. Caller, you're on the air.
0) 3) dialog: (sarcastic) Seems to be a run on “Janes” tonight. How can I help you?
0) 5) dialog: Is she aware of this?
0) 7) dialog: Are you dating any guys? JANE. No.
0) 8) dialog: Do you think about guys?
0) 10) dialog: How many Indigo Girls albums do you own? (CONTINUED)
0) 14) dialog: Then Jane, I think it's time you wake up and smell the coffee over at Ellen’s house because you are way confused. Head immediately to the lesbian student lobby, make some new gal pals and once you've come to terms, see if roomie wouldn’t be up for a little Sapphic soul searching. Thank you, next caller. Michelle laughs, then pops a tape into the stereo. Bonnie Tyler’s 80's power ballad, “Total Eclipse of the Heart” starts BLASTING. Michelle sings along, not too convincing
11) 0) text: Small and cramped with posters of obscure college rock ba hanging on the walls. A window looks onto the engineering room where the ENGINEER sits, slouching over the controls We see a heavily made up, perfectly accessorized college standing with a wireless mike headset. This is SASHA, who voice we heard earlier. She commands the airwaves like a and sexy Dr. Ruth and becomes very animated as she speaks
11) 3) dialog: Yes I'm here.
11) 5) dialog: Spit it out Bijou.
11) 7) dialog: Oh. Getting a little extra protein in your diet, huh?
11) 9) dialog: Bijou, I think the only thing you need pumped is the air out of your head. Swallowing is a major safe sex no-no. Now, sounds to me like there’s nothing wrong with your stomach that a shot of Pepto wouldn’t cure. Don’t stress and next time make sure to climb off that volcano before it erupts. Next caller. 18 ll.
12) 0) text: The campus coffee shop. Over the radio, Sasha’s radio sho is PLAYING. Natalie and Brenda sit in couches next to a CRACKLING fireplace along with two guys, PARKER and PAUL. Notepads and textbooks fill the table in front of them. Natalie turns to PARKER, older than the others and wearin Sigma Epsilon sweatshirt. Parker has been at Pendelton fo seven years and has no intention on graduating just yet. bother dealing with real responsibility when you're the b known party guy on campus?
17) 2) dialog: (moved) Someone told me her radio was tuned to my show when it happened. My voice was probably the last thing she heard. Can you imagine?
17) 4) dialog: Hysterical, dumb ass.
34) 0) text: Brenda, Paul, Sasha and Parker are sitting around Natalie hasn't slept all night and looks it. Parker’s trying to h back his laughter.
34) 1) dialog: Shut up.
34) 16) dialog: Wait a second. That totally happened to my sister’s ex-boyfriend's cousin. Except he was hung from his feet and scratching with his nails. (CONTINUED)
34) 23) dialog: Hello, my mom still checks the backseat before getting into a car.
37) 3) dialog: Don’t freak out on me. Sasha walks around and over to Natalie. She’s holding an old, worn book. (CONTINUED)
37) 7) dialog: No. {A Pause) What's that? Natalie hesitantly shows it to her. SASHA (cont'd) Encyclopedia of Urban Legends. Oh Natalie, don’t tell me you still think--
37) 9) dialog: Well let's take a look.
38) 0) text: Natalie and Sasha are sitting down going over the urban legends book. Some of the pages are illustrated. Natalie turns to “The Boyfriend’s Death.” It resembles how Damon killed.
38) 2) dialog: Hmm. Scary. She flips a page. SASHA (cont'd) Wait a second, this is definitely not an urban legend.
38) 6) dialog: The gang high-beam initiation. Happens all the time. Gang members drive around at night with their headlights off at and when someone flashes their high beams to warn them, they kill ‘em. So gruesome. Natalie snatches the book from her hand. SASHA (cont'd) That's why I never warn anyone about anything when I drive. Natalie stares heavily at the book. SASHA (cont‘d) Hello? Are you listening to me? Anyway, I'm going. Gotta get started practicing this. She holds up the Kama Sutra book.
46) 0) text: A small single in the frat house. The blinds are drawn an Indian sitar music is PLAYING in the background. Sasha, dressed in sexy lingerie, is lighting candles around the while Parker lies shirtless in bed, anxiously awaiting whatever she has planned.
46) 2) dialog: It's a surprise.
46) 6) dialog: And Hootie is out of here.
46) 8) dialog: Parker, he makes me uncomfortable. She opens the door, about to let him out.
46) 10) dialog: I only wish it lasted that long. Parker sneers at her.
50) 0) text: Sasha and Parker, both nude, are completely entwined. The “Kama Sutra” book is propped up on the nightstand. Sasha writhing in ecstasy. Parker looks like he’s being crushed PARKER . Can’t we ever just do it like normal people?
50) 1) dialog: (moaning) Parker, any expert will tell you the secret to long-lasting relationships is variety. (CONTINUED)
50) 7) dialog: He's just getting excited watching us. Now come on. Hootie is now GASPING heavily. Sasha and Parker both look him when... He COUGHS. Suddenly, a BLOODY FINGER flies out of his mou landing on Sasha's breast. SASHA (cont‘d)
70) 6) dialog: I swear, my primal urges for dumb lugs with large genitalia are quickly diminishing. The part, of “Rollercoaster of Love” where a girl SCREAMS blasting.
70) 10) dialog: (sarcastic) You're kidding me!
70) 12) dialog: I'll never be able to listen to this in the same way again! She rolls her eyes and walks away.
73) 0) text: Sasha is talking loudly to a couple of other GIRLS as Bre fills up a couple of cups with beer from the keg.
73) 8) dialog: I just want all of you to know, my radio show's taken a very strong position against gerbilling. (to Brenda) Did you see Paul?
73) 10) dialog: I just saw him chatting Natalie up.
81) 2) dialog: Where the hell is he? He knows I have to be at work in fifteen minutes and I am not walking in this rain.
81) 4) dialog: Can't find the mutt either. She looks to a wooden keyholder hanging on the wall. She grabs one of the keys. SASHA (cont'd) I’m taking his car. You need a ride back to your dorm? rm Natalie thinks for a moment.
83) 0) text: Sasha pulls up alongside Natalie’s dorm. It’s barely visi through -che pouring rain.
83) 1) dialog: ...SO you two wanna get jiggy with each other, but Brenda’s into him too. Do you know how many calls I’ve gotten about ~ similar situations? (CONTINUED)
83) 5) dialog: Well, what’s more important to you? The best advice I can give you is to be honest...otherwise it could turn into a bad Jerry Springer scenario. Gotta go.
83) 7) dialog: Anytime. Call me at the station later if you're bored. Come up with some scandalous questions.
85) 0) text: Sasha is talking into her wireless mike. (CONTINUED)
85) 4) dialog: What is that?
85) 6) dialog: So you borrowed some.
85) 8) dialog: She doesn’t know?
85) 10) dialog: What have you been replacing them with?
85) 12) dialog: Hello? INT. NATALIE’S ROOM - NIGHT. 117 Natalie is listening.
85) 13) dialog: Can anyone out there hear me? She sits up in bed. Something’s not right.
86) 0) text: Sasha starts hitting every button on the switchboard. Nothing. SASHA (cont'd) ; (into mike) WVOP, Voice of Pendelton. (CONTINUED)
87) 0) text: The killer SMASHES through the glass with the ax. Sasha moves away before the blade slashes her. She runs to the door, tries opening it...locked. .
89) 0) text: The killer’s almost broken through the glass. Sasha manag to open the door enough to climb through. 124 125 126 127 128 80.
90) 0) text: Sasha squeezes through the opening, over the furniture.
91) 0) text: Sasha runs down the steps and goes to open the front door It’s locked up. She starts banging on it.
91) 1) dialog: Please! If anyone can hear me! There's someone trying to kill me. It’s glass so she can see out. The jogger we'd seen earli is running past the station.
91) 2) dialog: 
93) 1) dialog: Please...I don’t wanna die.
94) 0) text: Sasha turns around.
94) 3) dialog: She looks around --- the elevator. —_ 129 130 131 132 81.
96) 0) text: Natalie is walking swiftly in the rain, holding an umbrel She’s heading for the station. She’s listening to Sasha CRYING on her walkman.
98) 2) dialog: One...Two... Just as she jumps, the killer plunges his knife into her hand.
99) 0) text: Natalie is BANGING on the front door. Locked. Suddenly, music PLAYS on her walkman. “Rollercoaster of Love.” She backs away and looks up at the window looking into Sasha’ booth.
100) 0) text: Sasha backs into a corner.
100) 1) dialog: Please, anyone listening -- The killer bursts into the room. SASHA (cont'd) He's going to...AAAAAHHHH!
101) 0) text: Over the GIRL’S SCREAM in “Rollercoaster of Love.” we hea Sasha's SCREAM. The remaining party guests listen in. The start laughing.
103) 1) text: Through the window, we see Sasha jumps up. Her last gasp. She presses her hands against the glass. As she falls slowly, the blood smears. Behind her we now see THE KILLE The song abruptly stops. Another one starts playing....Blondie. “One way, or another, I’m gonna find ya...I‘m gonna getcha, I’m gonna getcha getcha getcha --” The killer is looking down on Natalie. Horrified, she run away. 138 83.
107) 0) text: She walks to the elevator and presses the call button. Lo around. Just as the elevator door opens, there’s a BLAST thunder. Reese jumps and looks out the window, unaware of INT. ELEVATOR - NIGHT. Sasha's dead body.