14) 6) dialog: (angry)
17) 16) dialog: Yeah well, don’t let it happen again. Natalie puts down her things. She notices a spilled bottl of pills on the floor. She kneels and picks it up. It’sa bottle of “Prozac.”
17) 21) dialog: (annoyed) What?
17) 23) dialog: (angry) Okay, but this is my phone line too... She turns off the computer. We hear the familiar America Online “Goodbye.” She storms out of the place. Natalie holds back her anger and shuts off the grating music. She dials the voice mail and puts the phone on speaker.
34) 31) dialog: What?
41) 0) text: Tosh is in front of the mirror, hurriedly applying makeup Smeared black mascara, black eyeliner, white face powder, etc. She runs back into the room. INT. NATALIE’S ROOM - NIGHT. 58 She sits at her desk again and looks at the computer scre She rereads her last message, “Tell me what room U R in.” Pan down to the response. “Yours.” Suddenly, THE KILLER appears behind her. He covers her mo with his gloved hand. We hear her muffled SCREAM as she struggles to break loos She tries typing “help” on the computer screen. The kille hits a button and shuts off the computer. Before it goes black, we hear the America Online “GOODBYE.” The killer rolls Tosh in her desk chair over to her bed. She tries t get up, but he knocks her down. He grabs her pillow and covers her face. Her screams sound like MOANING. s9 60 61 41.
41) 6) dialog: The life goes out of her. INT. NATALIE’S ROOM - MORNING. 61 Sunlight is pouring into the room. Natalie slowly wakes u She stretches her arms, opens her eyes. Her vision is groggy. She notices writing on the wall across from her. Her vision slowly starts to come into focus. She makes ou the word “Aren’t.” She’s dumbfounded. (CONTINUED)
42) 0) text: Natalie is sitting down surrounded by Dean Adams, Reese a couple of COPS. The door is open and Natalie, eyes glazed is staring out at Tosh’s covered body being wheeled off b PARAMEDIC. The bitchy girl stands against the wall watching.
84) 0) text: Natalie walks towards her room. It’s the first time she’s been there since Tosh’s death. She puts the key in the lo holds her breath and opens the door. INT. NATALIE‘S DORM - NIGHT. 115 Still standing in the hallway, Natalie reaches in and tur on the lights.