35) 0) text: Entering: home theater system, Hawaiian art prints in lacquer frames. ELAINE CERRITO - a dark, heavy-set woman who was dynamite at 25 and still sensual at 40 - enters from kitchen and kisses cerrito.
35) 1) dialog: Hungry?
35) 6) text: What do you care? Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org             26. They start shouting: c'mon c'mon.    Elaine enters with h class of red wine. CERRITO
35) 7) text: (continuing) Open it up. They run out. He whispers to Elaine who sits on the side of his chair and drapes an arm across his shoulder. Micha Cerrito is a family man and the nicest guy on the block.
70) 1) text: (into phone; continuing) Two for murder one. Eleven for armed robbery. Three convictions. Two out of a three year beef in Attica. Three years in Statesville. Five years in Riker's Island off a knock-back to involuntary manslaughter Narcotics record. Methadone treatment. Two kids. Wife's named Elaine. Strictly a cowboy. HANNA (V.O.)
87) 0) text: Elaine drinks. WIDEN. Michael whispers in her ear. She smiles. Then she laughs and drapes an arm around his neck and plants a kiss that almost knocks him over. The party, winding down. Everyone luxuriates in the afterglow.
115) 2) text: (low) My car. Bugs. Two of 'em. Count 'em. One in the wheel well. Second behind the fire wall. Night of the party? I dropped Elaine and swung by EMA to check out the junction box... He doesn't have to say anymore. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org     77.
160) 2) dialog: (screaming; shouting) Get out of my way! (shrieks; sobs) Michael. Michael. Michael. Michael!!!
184) 8) text: Elaine Cerrito. (pause) Michael Cerrito's wife. Michael was my friend. He knew the risks. He didn't have to be there. He coulda been a...been a mailman. (he stops) EADY
189) 1) text: I got Cerrito's share deposited in the Delaware Trust for Elaine. She's pretty bad... (pause) Passports. Traveler's checks. Plastic. (hands them over) Hangar 17. Plane call letters are 1011 Sierra. Touches down, holds for five minutes and splits. The plane will stand an FAA check. Filed flight plan. The works. (MORE)