40) 4) text: Boss, whoever's fencing the Bearer Bonds is either highline or out- of-town. Everyone's talking about it. No one knows about it. (beat) Schwartz went through the indexes on recent surveillance tapes? No armored cars. No witnesses on who stole the ambulance. HANNA
70) 2) text: Who else have I got? SCHWARTZ
95) 0) text: Staked out inside. With him are Schwartz, Casals, Bosko and two uniformed policemen: BRUCE and BERRYMAN. Bruce rearranges himself. Hanna shoots him a lock. He stops fidgeting. Hanna looks at wall clock: 10:30p.M.
112) 4) text: Hanna rips open Marciano's desk drawer finds a gun, unloa it, throws it on the floor, finds a small tape recorder, pops the tape out and tosses it to Schwartz. Then he flashes a badge at Marciano.
112) 6) dialog: Who? The fucking Tooth Fairy! So what?
112) 11) dialog: "Who?" The stranger you been talkin' dirty to on the telephone every day for the last month.
116) 6) dialog: This is it. PULL BACK and REVEAL Schwartz with binoculars and Casals with earphones. They had been surveilling Neil and Cerrit There's a tape recorder with a directional microphone in parabolic dish.
116) 15) dialog: The company only pays by check.
116) 21) text: (continuing; to Schwartz) Is that guy something; or is that guy something? I mean, you gotta give this crew credit. They are so fucking good... (beat) Know what he's looking at?
138) 6) text: Hanna spills his coffee and runs out without his coat. Casals, Bosko and Schwartz follow.
144) 0) text: racing  in and out through the Hawthorne Boulevard traffi to get  past cars. Drucker and casals follow in a second car.   No sirens. Schwartz drives. The bank is seen 200 yards  ahead..
144) 1) dialog: Too many people. This isn't how to handle it (shouts) Vincent! Fuck this crew! Let 'em go!
145) 3) text: entering rapidly but surreptitiously 50 yards down the sidewalk. Bosko's moving 90 degrees to the right, crossin the street. There would be no, there was no, and there never is any, warning. Neil Hanna and Schwartz with 12- gauges OPEN FIRE. World War III ERUPTS. Now we hear distant POLICE SIRENS.