89) 4) dialog: You can help it remain so, Quillcock, by buggering off.
89) 11) dialog: Let’s have a bit of fun, shall we? Mr. Boerhaave, my fowling piece, if you please. Mr. Roderick, fetch Mr. Ewing’s pet savage afoot to the mizen. INT. SWANNEKKE POWER PLANT - SIXSMITH’S OFFICE - DAY - YE 1973 Luisa is digging through the drawers and several boxes wh she hears someone at the door. A shadow is seen under the door. The handle begins to tur She knows she is about to be caught--
91) 3) dialog: What’s your name boy?
91) 5) dialog: This Christian gentleman, who knows nothing about ships, tells me that you're a first-class sailor? Where’d you cut your salt, then? He finds his courage, proud of his past.
91) 7) dialog: Very well. Let’s see you lower this midmast royal. Autua looks at the mast the Captain indicated and hesitat confused. Ewing is suddenly afraid that Autua might have been lying.
91) 9) dialog: Then kindly lower the mizzen royal. Autua smiles and leaps to the pole, scampering up it as easily if it were a flight of stairs. CAPTAIN MOLYNEUX (CONT’D) Mr. Boerhaave, ready my piece. Boerhaave grins like a skull.
91) 11) dialog: On my mark- Boerhaave takes aim at Autua with the rifle.
91) 13) dialog: No one tells me what I can or cannot do on my ship especially when it concerns nigger stowaways. Mr Boerhaave do not make a mess of my deck.
92) 2) dialog: Mr. Boerhaave, my bottle is empty.
93) 4) dialog: Mr. Boerhaave, it appears we have an addition to our crew. Be sure he earns his keep. He takes the rifle and leaves Boerhaave glaring at Ewing. INT. BOOM-SOOK’S DORMROOM - NIGHT - YEAR 2144 Sonmi is on the floor, her ear badly bleeding --- --- when the door explodes off its hinges. Enforcers pour into the room. Boom-Sook shrieks and falls the floor, cowering as he and his friends are bagged and cuffed. Sonmi has only a moment before she too is bagged and arrested. 120. INT. SWANNEKKE POWER PLANT - SIXSMITH’S OFFICE - DAY - YE 1974 The door opens as a scientist catches Luisa in the act of looking through Sixsmith’s files. His name is ISAAC SACHS Their eyes lock and Isaac feels something he would never expected: familiarity.