3) 0) text: An ENFORCER hands a small wand-like device to the ARCHIVI aman in his early thirties.
3) 1) dialog: Any problems sir, you just hit this button.
95) 0) text: Sonmi sits frightened in the corner of the cell. After a long beat, the cell door grinds open. Several faceless Enforcers enter and flank the room. BOARDMAN MEPHI enters with the air of unassailable author Sonmi stands.
101) 0) text: Sonmi looks up as the enforcers open the cell. The experiments have taken their toll. Her perfect features a worn and haggard. She seems near to death.
101) 2) dialog: Drink this. There is something familiar in his voice. INT. THE PROPHETESS - EWING’S ROOM - NIGHT - YEAR 1846 Autua holds Ewing, tipping a cup of water to his lips. 129.
116) 0) text: Sonmi is led through the halls by the Enforcers that surr and dwarf her. They march for a moment when one of the Enforcers moves w casual ease, as if he were pulling a pack of cigarettes f his pocket-- 135. Takes out a gun and spins towards her, aiming at what loo like her head-- But turns out to be the Enforcer behind her. His head explodes inside his helmet. Before anyone can react, he spins back and puts two more dum bullets in the remaining Enforcer. Sonmi is paralyzed. He pulls off his helmet revealing himself. It is Chang. Without thinking about it, she throws her arms around him clinging as a child might cling to a returned parent.
118) 0) text: They enter a large loading dock where supplies for the pr arrive. Three ENFORCERS react, training their guns on him.
130) 0) text: The Enforcer helicopter roars after the delivery transpor It glides up to the side of the tube, maneuvering with ha like grace so that the Enforcers are looking at Chang.
132) 0) text: The Enforcer bullet cars surround the transport. In tactical formation, they attack, ripping open the door and penetrating the truck bay while-- Chang lifts his arms in confused hysteria.
132) 2) dialog: Scan him. Another Enforcer aims a scanner and a red beam sweeps acr Chang.
132) 4) dialog: Do-You-Have-Work-Visa! Work-Visa! The scanner continues to sweep the room, the beam closes on Sonmi’s hiding place.
132) 6) dialog: What the fuck is he saying? Does someone have a transcom?
132) 8) dialog: What? Where? Before he can answer Chang attacks, every move like the c metallic, precision of a chambering bullet-- The gun taped to the back of his neck, ripped free-- Exploding dum-dum bullets transforming faces into meaty carmine anemones. The back-up Enforcers counter but Chang is impossibly fas leaping for cover, closing with predatory focus as they panic, praying and spraying wildly.
140) 0) text: Chang, his body laid out as though riding a high-powered motorcycle, weaves the Enforcer bullet car through the thickening traffic. Sonmi lays on top of him, her eyes bulging as they barely miss several vehicles. Behind them several hovercrafts closing fast. Chang taps his com-link implant.
141) 0) text: He dives the bullet car down through a “cargo tube” where large, slow vehicles transport goods. He slips and slides through them, moving like a mouse try to stay out of sight but no matter where he goes-- He is still stuck in a hamster tube. A hovercraft sights him and again the Enforcers converge. Accelerating, he hits an intersection and banks like a lu sled-- Heading into a building’s docking bay-- Disappearing from sight.
143) 0) text: Several of the larger hovercrafts set down, Enforcers beetling out, swarming around the building.
145) 0) text: Using their scanners, the Enforcers search the building.
147) 0) text: The enforcers hear the gunfire and race towards it.
148) 6) dialog: Don’t move! She lets go-- Falling down into a shit-lined abyss until-- Splash.
167) 0) text: Sonmi follows Chang through the crowded checkpoint. Like Tijuana, people are allowed easy access for leaving the Conurb; Sonmi sees the heavily armed Enforcers on the oth side of the fence. A noxious maze of low, crooked ramshacks, flophouses, pawnshops, drug bars, and comfort hives, covering perhaps five square miles southeast of Old Seoul Transit Station. Its streets are narrow, choked with pedestrians and bicyc its alleys reek of waste and sewage. Purebloods slump in doorways, their skin ravaged by the acid rain. A BEING th looks like a child laps water from a dirty puddle. 176.
222) 0) text: The door opens and two Enforcers enter.