0) 1) dialog: Lornsome night. Babbits bawlin’, wind bitin’ t’bone. Zachry (50's) looks old, more weathered than aged, wearin mix of furs and strange futuristic armor. ZACHRY (CONT’D) Wind like this carries voices, ancestry howlin’ at’cha, screaming their stories, all their voices tied up in’t’one. On his face is a terrible scar, a brand burned into his cheek.
0) 2) dialog: And out there’s you know who, spyin from the dark... Old Georgie and me crossed paths more times’n I’m comfy mem’ryn. After I’m died no tellin’ what that fangy devil won’t try to do to me... The fire glints in his eye.
0) 3) dialog: Listen close and lemme yarn you ‘bout the first time we met eye to eye...
4) 0) text: A man and his two sons push an overloaded archaic looking hand cart along a muddy wooded trail. They stop at a ford along a river bed, the sun low in the sky. 6. Helping them, without exerting much effort is Zachry who recognize, though he is a decade younger and does not hav the terrible scar.
4) 1) dialog: For me, all started way back when I still had mos’ my teeth. Me an’ Adam, my bro’by law, an his two sons was trekkin' back from Honokaa Market. Evenin' catched us up early, so we tented on the southly bank o' Sloosha's Crossin'. Zachry'’s brother-in-law, Adam and his two sons begin to up a makeshift camp. ZACHRY (V.O.) (CONT’D) Now, I'd got diresome hole-spew that day ‘cos I'd ate a gammy dog leg in Honokaa, an' I was squattin' in a thicket when sudd'nwise I felt the devil’s eyes on me. Zachry defecates in a leafy brush when he feels as though is not alone. ZACHRY (CONT’D) Who's there? The hairs on his neck stand up.
4) 3) dialog: Name y'self! Zachry yanks out his weapon.
4) 4) dialog: I got a blade, I have! The voice hisses at him.
4) 6) text: (scared, whispers) Old Georgie... The devil cackles. ZACHRY (V.O.) (CONT’D) I knowed the moment he looked me dead t’eye, my soul was stoned. Suddenly, Old Georgie LEAPS DOWN at Zachry who screams -- staggers, hiking up his pants and runs away, crashing thr the brush straight into a clearing-- Filled with savage-looking tattooed men astride armored horses: KONA RAIDERS. The blood drains from his face as Zachry freezes for a moment, then turns and bolts. They howl as they rear their horses in chase. The underbrush tears at Zachry as he sprints back to his camp. The taunting shrieks of the Kona and the thundering hooves of horses swirl around him, closing fast. Zachry can feel them almost on top of him when his foot g caught by a root and he suddenly drops, disappearing into thick bed of leaves. The horses scream past him. He lets out a breath, still shaking from the chase but as sounds of the raiders recede, he hears their SHOUTS rise renewed. He realizes he has led the Kona to Adam and his two sons.
4) 7) dialog: Now panickin' wings your foot but it muddies your thinkin' too, so I rabbited back to camp. I jus' followed my instinct without thinkin' thru what'd happen. Zachry scrambles from his hiding place and carefully worm his way to the edge of the camp. The Kona have surrounded Zachry’s brother-in-law and neph hooting at them as they toy with their prey. He watches as Adam swings his axe defensively when the cr of a bullwhip sends him to his knees. Another crack and the axe is torn from his hands. Zachry lies paralyzed by fear as Old Georgie seems to materialize from the shadows beside him; at first, the malevolent smile is the only thing visible.
31) 2) dialog: Yay, I see’em. ZACHRY (V.O.) (CONT’D) The Prescients came to Big Isle for barterin’ twice a year. Zachry sits on a rock, his goats scattered around him. Hi ten year old niece CATKIN sits beside him, staring at the miraculous ship. ZACHRY (V.O.) (CONT’D) Their ship weren’t no mythy yarnin’ either, creep-crawlin over the waves, no sails, no oars, just floatin’ on the Smart o’ the Old Uns. A bell clangs in the distance followed by the screams of excited children.
31) 4) dialog: Aye. Best go find ya’ma. She nods excited, jumps off the rock but then stops.
31) 6) dialog: Time was, I’d go skeeddlin, down the hill to meet those ships, elboin’ my way to the front jus’ like ev’run else. Zachry looks at the ships docking and shakes his head.
31) 7) dialog: But after Sloosha’s Crossin’, I ain’t had the taste for howzittin’ or smilesome yaysayin’.
31) 8) dialog: Som’uns’ gotta mind these knob head’d buggahs. Y’go on. 32. Catkin can’t bring herself to leave her uncle. She climbs back on the rock. ZACHRY (CONT’D) Wha’cha doin’?
31) 10) dialog: Why?
31) 12) dialog: So, y’mindin’ me, while I mind the goats. She nods authoritatively. ZACHRY (CONT’D) I see, I see. But she can’t hide the disappointment at missing the Bart
31) 13) dialog: But the problem is, whose gonna mind your ma at the Great Barter? Y’know she got no tongue for hagglin’. Not like you’n’me. What if she gives away the ‘hole house? Where we gonna sleep? She brightens.
31) 14) dialog: Nope. No, bolt hole out of it. You best get down there, rabbit quick’n’mind your ma for it’s too late. Hurry! She jumps down again.
31) 16) dialog: I promise. I’11 be home for suppin, as long as we got som’where t’sup. Now, go on! Smiling, she races down the hill.
32) 0) text: Zachry herds the goats towards the slumping building that his family’s home. There is quite a crowd gathered outside. People are looki at him and whispering.
32) 1) dialog: Sincewise, thoughts worm ‘round my head and I wonder if I’d gone to the Great Barter, could I’ave cold watered the ‘hole plan, could I’ve stopped all the diresome things that were about to happen?
33) 0) text: Zachry walks in and is immediately shocked by what he see Prescient woman, MERONYM, sitting at the table with his sister ROSE and niece CATKIN.
33) 2) dialog: What’s goin’ on here, sis?
33) 5) dialog: I ain’t saysooed this, Rose.
33) 7) dialog: Why don’t she host her then?
33) 10) dialog: Don’t need no gift from a stranger. He pushes past her and goes to his room.
33) 13) dialog: Now kin'n'bros'n'lastlife fam'ly'n'half-strangers, yay, ev'ryun from Mauka to Mormon came knockin' to see if Old Ma Yibber spoke it true, that a real'n'livin' Prescient was stayin' at Bailey's. An' they gaped in wonderment like Sonmi herself was sittin' in our kitchen. A little boy touches her skin as if trying to rub off the darkness. Meronym smiles.
33) 14) dialog: Questions ‘bout Prescience an' their whoahsome Ship came pourin' thick'n'fast. Why Prescients'd all got dark skins like cokeynuts. Why weren't Prescience Isle on any map? How old do Prescients live? A TRIBESMAN with particularly gravity defying hair raises hand.
33) 17) dialog: Livin' to forty ain't wondersome, nay, livin' to forty an’lookin like she looked is eery an' ain't nat'ral. But the true wyrd thing was, Meronym seemed to answer the questions, but her answers didn't quench your curio none.
33) 20) dialog: No un asked what "fusion engines" was ‘cos they din't want to look barb'ric or stoopit in front o' the gath'rin'. All-o-that answerin’ done was teached ev'ryun to step slywise an' not trust her, nay, not a flea. Chewing his cake like a goat, Zachry watches her out of t corner of his eye.
44) 0) text: Luisa Rey drives her Volkswagen as fast as it can go away from Swannekke Island. A blue sedan that looks like an unmarked police car, pull along side her. She sees the man driving the car only for an instant befo he swerves into her-- Slamming her car through the guardrail and flying out ove the edge. INT. BAILEY DWELLING - ZACHRY’S ROOM - NIGHT - YEAR 2321 Zachry bolts awake, scared out of his mind.
45) 0) text: Zachry pounds on the door until the Abbess opens it.
45) 2) dialog: A dream, Abbess. Sorrysome for wakin’you but I know somethin’ diresome’s gon’a’ppen.
46) 0) text: The Abbess sways, her eyes closed, holding onto Zachry’s hands.
46) 3) dialog: I know’d it, ohhh, I know’d it.
46) 5) dialog: Sonmi?!
46) 7) dialog: What warnin’? The Abbess channels the voice of their protector.
46) 9) dialog: An augurin’...
63) 0) text: Zachry is hiding in some brush, spying on Meronym and Tru Napes while Old Georgie whispers in his ear.
64) 0) text: Abbess is tending the icons. JZachry tries to remain in a proper reverential position but he is too wound up.
64) 1) dialog: She’s plannin’ on trekin’ up Mauna Kea even though it’s forbidden.
64) 3) dialog: She up’ta somthin’ Abbess. She been schemin’ an’ secretin’ at night. I seen it! 77.
64) 6) dialog: Catkin?
78) 0) text: Catkin lays on her small bed, surrounded by family and neighbors. Her face is swollen and sweaty. The HERBALIST dips a rag into cool water and dabs it to her forehead. Zachry and the Abbess push through the crowd into the roo
78) 3) dialog: 
79) 0) text: Zachry rushes through the woods. Rain slashes across his face making his tears invisible. He bursts into a clearing where he finds what he has been looking for: Meronym. She is taking water samples, collecting them in small gla jars.
79) 1) dialog: Catkin’s dyin’! She stands.
79) 3) dialog: Trod on a scorpion fish. The energy seeps out of her as she realizes what will hap to the young girl. It seems terribly unfair.
79) 4) dialog: You can save her! She shakes her head.
79) 5) dialog: You got spesh smart in that gearbag what'll save her! That’s the True- true! Her expression hardens. She throws her bag on the ground between them.
79) 7) dialog: ...It were a mistake, what I done while you guestin’ at our home. I didn’t trust.
79) 9) dialog: I got no choice. Catkin’s still’n’stiff as stone. You’re my only hope. It hurts but Meronym remains resolved.
79) 11) dialog: I’m jus a stoopit goat herder but I reck’n jus’ by bein’ here you’re bustin’ this nat’ral order! I reck’n you're killin’ Catkin by not actin’!
79) 13) dialog: If it were a Prescient that were layin with poison meltin’ her heart’n’lungs? If it were your kin? They both know the answer to that question.
79) 14) dialog: Why’s a Precient’s life worth more’n a Valleysman?! Zachry’s eyes harden.
79) 15) dialog: I’1l take you to Mauna Kea! The rain beats against Meronym’s poncho. 95.
79) 16) dialog: Ev’one knows my soul is stoned. Don’t matta’ what devils waitin’ for me up there. They goin’ have me one day an’ways. You save Catkin’n I’ll take you an’where you wanna go. A dozen arguments blow through her mind but she sets her against everyone of them. She bends down and tears through her gearbag, mumbling to herself, swearing in a language Zachry can’t understand. Grabbing something she stands.
79) 18) dialog: Yay... Yay! He takes the small turquoise stone from her.
79) 19) dialog: Thank’ya, thank’ya, Sonmi bless’ya--
99) 0) text: Catkin slurps from the spoon as Zachry feeds her.
99) 3) dialog: Me’n’Meronym got a pact. You know, a pact’s’a’pact.
99) 5) dialog: Yay... I promise.
105) 0) text: Meronym and Zachry reach a plateau where there was once a large city. The shells that were once buildings, slump and lay like s of armor of a medieval battle, long after the carrion had hollowed them out. Trees grow out through windows, vines drip from moss cove satellite dishes, vehicles, partially buried seem more li grown-over crypts than cars.
124) 0) text: Meronym and Zachry near the edges of the large city, risi up the side of the mountain. Improvised mass graves surround them. The wind mourns. It is a haunted place. 140.
124) 1) dialog: Valleysman stay clear’o here. Place o’tears and sick’birth an’ mukelung. Angry ances’try buri’d here. Can’t you hear’m wailin’?
124) 3) dialog: (whispers) Say’s you. The devil smiles and is gone.
125) 2) dialog: Can I ask a ques’un?
126) 0) text: The flames of the campfire lick at Zachry who sits with o eye on the darkness beyond.
126) 2) dialog: You really ain’t feary o ‘meetin’ Old Georgie when we get to the summit, like Truman Napes?
126) 4) dialog: You don’t b’lief he’s real?
126) 6) dialog: But who tripped the Fall, if it weren’t Old Georgie? She looks at him, knowing this is moving towards dangerou ground.
126) 8) dialog: What? That’s jus’a’rope o’smoke. The Old Uns got the Smart. They mastered sick and seeds, they make mir’cles and fly ‘cross the sky.
126) 10) dialog: Hunger for what?
131) 0) text: Zachry and Meronym have stopped along an old ruined road into the mountainside. Their path ends where a bridge has crumbled away into a rocky chasm. Meronym takes out a strange gun from her bag and looks up a light snow has begun to fall, zig-zagging in the gustin wind.
131) 5) dialog: Why not jus’ kill her yerself, then? Old Georgie bellows.
131) 7) dialog: No bolt-hole out o' this.
131) 9) dialog: “Hands’a’bleedin’, mus’nt let go.”
131) 11) dialog: No! He heaves on the rope. Old Georgie’s angry scream becomes the furious wind as ti resumes and Zachry hauls Meronym to safety.
131) 13) dialog: We best keep moving. INT. AYRS’ CHATEAU - FROBISHER’S ROOM - NIGHT - YEAR 1931 Frobisher is packing furiously. The gun is on the bed. He is so intent on what he is doing, he doesn’t notice th door swing open revealing Ayrs, still in his bed-shirt.
137) 0) text: A door that has not been opened for a century cracks slow Dust immediately rises up in agitation. Meronym uses a glo-light as she leads Zachry into the facility. An ancient security guard sits like a mummy, perfectly preserved, his eyeless eyes staring at them as they pass.
137) 1) dialog: What is this place?
137) 3) dialog: Like a prayer t’Sonmi?
137) 5) dialog: Is that why we come? To send a prayer?
137) 7) dialog: What do a Prescient need t’pray for?
149) 1) dialog: Nay, the dead never stay dead. Open your ears and they never stop a’yibberin’.
150) 0) text: More skeletons, sitting or laying on the floor, as though death caught them by surprise. Their skin, an ancient vel hangs tattered from bony grins. Zachry hears them all whispering his name. Meronym accesses the solar-cells and engages the emergenc power system. Lights flicker on, humming like angry hornets. The room is revealed, including the domed ceiling. Zachry looks up in awe at a mosaic of “Sonmi Among the Stars.”
150) 1) dialog: Sonmi.
150) 3) dialog: The Old Uns worshipp’d Sonmi same as Valleysmen? She considers her answer.
150) 5) dialog: Differin’ how? She stops what she is doing.
152) 2) dialog: What?
152) 5) dialog: Nay... nay, you lyin’. Meronym touches the orison and suddenly Sonmi appears fro the recorder interrogation. Zachry’s eyes go wide.
152) 6) dialog: Sonmi...
153) 0) text: Meronym shuts off the orison, watching Zachry.
153) 4) dialog: Shut y’hole! 166. Meronym turns. She can tell something is wrong.
153) 6) dialog: Nay. I’m fine. Finish your sussin! She returns to her work while trying to keep an eye on hi Old Georgie smiles.
153) 8) dialog: I ain’t a coward. 167.
154) 0) text: Zachry rushes at Meronym, his spiker slashing as she turn He slams her against the wall, the knife tight to her thr
154) 1) dialog: Stop! He blinks suddenly uncertain now that he is close to her, actually touching her. 169. ZACHRY (CONT’D) Can’t cogg o’ thing, words'’n’worrins like a wasp’s nest poke’d’n’prod’d by you!
154) 3) dialog: You come elbowin’’n to our life, yibberin’n’yabberin’ ‘bout True- true but never tellin’ the hole true. I wan’to cogg what you doin’! She speaks calmly.
154) 5) dialog: Help o’ what? To steal our land?! To kill’n’slave us all?! What do you want?!
158) 1) dialog: Is it done? She nods.
161) 0) text: Zachry and Meronym begin their descent.
182) 0) text: Zachry and Meronym react to a loud sound.
182) 2) dialog: Kona war cry. Comin’ from the Valley. They hear the shrieking cry again. ZACHRY (CONT’D) Oh no-no-no-- mercysome Sonmi, please, no. He bolts.
184) 0) text: Zachry races desperately, tearing through the trees.
187) 0) text: Branches slash at his skin and clothes as Zachry reaches perimeter of the village. Smoke turns everything into a k of hazy dream. He runs past a burning house-- On the fence post a severed head cries soundlessly. INT. PAPA SONG’S FRIGHTER - NIGHT - YEAR 2144 Chang leads her to the Observation deck; a series of catw above rows of small, almost empty rooms. In each, there is a chair in the center. Two Aides work e room. Sonmi watches as the next Fabricant in line is escorted i the room. It is a Sonmi model. The second Aide prepares a device that swings around like dentist armed-tool but is shaped like a partial helmet. The Fabricant is seated in the chair.
188) 1) dialog: Catkin? INT. PAPA SONG’S SLAUGHTERHOUSE - NIGHT - YEAR 2144 The space is vast, perhaps a third of the belly of the enormous ship; the slaughterhouse sprawls out below them if it had no end. A few workers, and an army of conveyor belt robots wield scissors, sword-saws, and varying tools for stripping, rending and grinding. With assembly-line efficiency, they snip collars, strip clothes, peel skin, offcut hands and feet, and vacuum out offal. It is perhaps the sound that disturbs Sonmi the most.
189) 0) text: Zachry quietly moves through his abandoned house. Nobody.
189) 1) dialog: (whispers) Catkin? He hears a male voice grumbling. Then, silence again. Someone is still in the house. He holds his spiker ready attack. Stalking through the house, he sees the intruder passed o in the storeroom, having drank all of their dandelion win A KONA WARRIOR. As far as Zachry knows, this is the man who killed his sister. He knows what he is going to do. The spiker flashes as Zachry fits it beneath the warrior’ throat. The blue vein pulses, waiting but something is wrong. The world seems to freeze as Zachry hears the Abbesses wo
190) 0) text: Zachry stares at the Kona, rage and hate boiling his bloo He screams, sinking the knife deep into the warriors thro whose eyes snap open-- 200. The blade saws through the gristle of the larynx, blood bubbling as he tries to shout.
194) 0) text: The Kona lies soaked in his own blood. Zachry suddenly sees movement in the corner of the room. floor is moving ever so softly. Slowly, he sneaks closer. There’s a secret door in the ground, hard to identify as blends in with the earth and dust around it. His spear ready to be thrown, he yanks it open-- Revealing Catkin, trembling with fear, hiding in a little hole underneath the door. They fall into each other’s arms, tears flooding down the faces, when they hear more horses. Zachry ducks and crawls to the window. Four more KONA are gathered around the empty horse. They begin calling a name. Whistling. Zachry looks at the dead man. Catkin sees him, too. Zachr hushes her back into her den. When he looks back out the window he sees the Kona coming towards the house. He looks for a place to hide; slithering into a cupboard as two of the Kona enter. Immediately they find the body. Zachry listens to their angry shouts; boots begin pounding through the house. The darkness of his cramped box is filled with the sound violence as the warriors tear through, smashing and destroying what little the Bailey’s owned. From the crack of light and the proximity of sound, he kn one of them is just outside the door. He holds his breath. He prays. It is not enough-- The cupboard opens; the moment their eyes meet, Zachry kn he is dead.
197) 0) text: Zachry is thrown onto the ground. His hands are bound beh him, Rose laying a few feet away. An angry tattooed warrior puts a boot to his neck.
198) 0) text: A noose hangs around Zachry’s neck, tying him to the back the Kona’s horse. The body of the man he killed is tied o the horse beside him. He seems almost resigned to his fate when he sees the Kon throw a torch onto the thatched roof. It immediately bursts into flames. Terror clutches his heart.
198) 1) dialog: Catkin. Fire and smoke consume the small house as Zachry writhes. 206. ZACHRY (CONT’D) Oh no. S’my fault. S’all my fault.
200) 0) text: Zachry thrashes against his ropes, screaming as the house swallowed by flames. The Kona sneer as they mount their horses and dig their s when-- Zachry hears a “ksss-ksss” sound and the warrior falls of his horse-- Two red holes in his forehead. 207. The others react but the sound continues, like bees zippi by-- Two more drop with holes punched through different parts there bodies. The last one slings a rock and Meronym is knocked from he perch in a tree. She falls with a terrible thud, her thin silver weapon bouncing away. Zachry tries to get free but can’t. The Kona grabs the weapon before Meronym can recover. He lifts it, aiming it at her and pulls the trigger-- Exploding his own head because he had the futuristic gun backwards. Meronym stands, brushing herself off.
200) 2) dialog: Catkin! She’s’n th’house!
202) 0) text: Zachry thrashes off the horse. Using the spurs of the dea Kona, he cuts himself free. Just as he stands, Meronym stumbles out of the collapsing house-- Catkin in her arms. A cry bursts from him like a bird taking flight. He rushe to his sister, engulfing her with his arms. With gratitude wetting his eyes, he looks up at Meronym.
202) 1) dialog: Thank you. She nods.
206) 0) text: Zachry rides with Catkin as their horses charge down the in full gallop. As they charge towards the edge of the Valley they pass r by a large party of looting Kona. The Kona are stunned for a moment until the leader bellow
208) 0) text: A bolt sizzles past Zachry’s head. The chasing Kona fire crossbows from their galloping hors Meronym hefts her rifle. The air crackles as she fires tw leaving smoking fist-sized holes in the two slavers. With Catkin holding tight to him, Zachry kicks his horse’ sides as the Kona thunder behind them, in hot pursuit. As their horses clear a ridge we see up ahead the brillia blue Pololu River, where the road pitches down and meets decaying bridge of worn planks and rusting steel. They race for it and as they do the sun clears a cloud ba and the colors of the bridge light up as if aflame in ora and bronze. The Abbess's final prophecy pulses in Zachry’s brain.
208) 2) dialog: We can’t be crossin’ that bridge!
208) 4) dialog: We ain’t s’posed to use that bridge.
208) 6) dialog: No. (he can’t explain) Sonmi tell’d me not t’cross it. Meronym’s face crinkles as she stops her horse.
208) 8) dialog: We can ford the river down there. He points down a fork in the road where the path meets th water. The hoofs drum louder as the Kona close.
208) 9) dialog: I trus’ you. Now you trus’ me. Meronym makes her decision and follows Zachry down the pa away from the bridge. The footing is slick and rocky though and it slows their flight. As they begin to ford the river, they look back to see th first of the Kona converging on the bridge. The warriors as they see them and raise their crossbows. The water of the Pololu, already up to their horses neck, numbingly cold. Crossbow bolts sizzle angrily around them more Kona horsemen arrive. Zachry curses himself as the Kona charge onto the bridge. Meronym also curses in her own language as she watches th cross with nothing but a slight moan of timber until-- 215. Just before they reach the other side, an explosion of tearing, shrieking fibers fills the air, the bridge givin way-- Collapsing under the weight of the war party. The Kona horsemen fall in an avalanche of rent metal and debris plunging to their deaths twenty meters below. Zachry howls, beating the water, standing up on his horse he laughs and bays like a bear that has defended its home
216) 0) text: The sun has set. The stars beginning to blink. Zachry and Catkin sit on the ledge of the Prescient’s hovercraft, legs dangling out over the water. Meronym is talking to DUOPHYSITE, the captain of the ship In the distance, plumes of smoke rise from the island, bl scars of violence. We hear a howling, angry wind that we have heard before. Catkin sees him first; Old Georgie hangs in the silhouett the trees. She clutches tight to her brother.
216) 2) dialog: Nay... jus’a wind. Meronym comes and sits with them.
216) 4) dialog: Well, now, we ain’t be needin’ no charity.
216) 7) dialog: An’jus‘where y’think y’goin? You Prescients same boat as us. You got no dwellin’place neither.
216) 9) dialog: You think someun goin’t’hear your message an’come down ou’the sky?
216) 11) dialog: Pffff. One day ain’t but a flea o’hope.
220) 0) text: It is the same station that Zachry and Meronym used.
223) 1) dialog: Firey’s dyin’. Jus’as well. My yarnin’s done. ADAM, a young boy who could be a young Zachry with dark s sighs.
223) 3) dialog: Oh yay! Go! Ge’on then y’damn sluggabuggahs! Try to tell you what’s what-- Ge’on! The kids tumble and dash away, heading towards a distant house glowing warmly. Beyond the home, there are the twinkling spires of a futu city. Zachry remains behind. He looks up. Two moons, one nearly full, the other almost new gleam with pale purple light. MIRO, a young girl who looks like what Meronym must have looked like as a child, lingers with him.
223) 5) dialog: Supposin’ it ‘minders me’a my Valley. She stares with him at the star field beyond.
223) 7) dialog: That un there. The blue shimmerer. As they gaze upwards, we see the back of Zachry’s head wh was covered by his hair when he was younger; there near t top of his spine is a comet-shaped birthmark.
223) 8) dialog: Come on. Gettin’ cold. She helps him up.
223) 10) dialog: Nay... your Grammy tells the nex’nexs better’n’me. 230. He takes her hand and they head away from us, towards the home.
223) 12) dialog: Your Grammy was the bes’thing that ever happ’n’d to me.