25) 0) text: Jackie walks into an Art-Deco Balcony where VIPS are gathered for a Pre-Show Reception. Photographers are shooting various combos of comics who take turns standing beside the guest of honor: MAY CONNOR - 93 - dressed to the nines. Sitting with an Attendant standing by her.
25) 1) dialog: Can we take a break with the pictures? I need a martini. Jackie enters. He greets the other comics as he makes his way to May. He kneels over and gives her a kiss. (CONTINUED)
25) 4) dialog: Hey kid!
25) 6) dialog: Mind if I smoke?
25) 8) dialog: (laughs hard) I always loved that line.
25) 10) dialog: Gleason loved my tits.
25) 12) dialog: I’m 95. If I want to smoke, piss on the sidewalk and say the N word, I’ll fucking do it. (to Jackie) The world today! So goddamn serious about everything.
25) 14) dialog: God bless you. Jackie crosses to the bar, meeting up with Miller, D’Angelo and RICHARD BELZER.
26) 0) text: The event is in full swing. The dais is filled with recognizable talents. Jackie is seated at the far end, looking over his notes. You can tell his blood is up. Richard Belzer is Master of Ceremonies, seated to the right of the podium. May is seated to the right. (CONTINUED)
26) 3) dialog: And your movies -- oh wait, you don’t have any movies. Big laughs from the audience. D’ ANGELO All joking aside...
26) 4) dialog: What jokes? D’ ANGELO You truly are one of the greatest talents in this business. What can I say? You're barely a living legend. Laughs. Jackie recognizes his own joke. His impulses take over...Before D’Angelo can say another word Jackie appears and pushes him hard out of the way -- essentially highjacking the podium and the fourth spot...
26) 17) dialog: (through laughter) Yes! And you got the part! Applause and laughter. Audience is loving Jackie.
26) 20) dialog: Swallowed!
26) 22) dialog: Jackie! Stop! Jackie puts an affectionate hand on May’s shoulder. The crowd applauds wildly. (CONTINUED)
36) 0) text: A parking lot of cars. A CAB OR TOWN CAR drives up to the entrance and stops (carrying Jackie from the airport - we may or may not see him exit)