0) 8) dialog: Markos!
22) 6) dialog: << How do we know no one’s planning to blow us up, too. Patricia might have said anything to anyone about us. Anyone might have followed her here. >>
26) 0) text: They come silently back out into the corridor. As they tu to head back, another BURST OF LAUGHTER comes from a back fice. There is something mocking in it. Susie takes a step away from Sara to look discreetly arou the next corner. Through a door that’s half open, Susie c see through one office into the next. SUSIE'S POV: Detectives Halle and Moser stand expressionl and naked before Miss Tanner, Miss Huller, and Miss Vende gast, their cocks hanging out. Moser's body is paunchy, w a scar from a bullet wound on his side. Halle has tattoos like a longshoreman and traces of an athletic past lost t beer and schnitzel. Miss Huller steps into view behind Ve degast and Tanner. The women recline in their chairs, cha ting over what they like. AN IMAGE flashes in Susie’s head next: Detective Halle ra up in some kind of web. His mouth is covered with it, so is silent. He hangs in a restless void, in some kind of s tained animal release. Susie steps back out of view, jolted by these images. Sar hasn’t seen what she’s seen, so Susie steers her back tow the staircase to the first floor. Susie looks back once, says nothing.
28) 0) text: The girls walk home from the concert, excited, sated. The come to a platz across which they can see cafes. Sara not the dance matrons sitting outside one and points. THEIR POV: Madame Blanc, Miss Tanner, Miss Millius, Miss del, Miss Huller, Pavla, Miss Vendegast, and a few others are gathered around cafe tables pushed together, having a ening as well. They are brazenly unfashionable. All of Be goes on around them, taking no notice.
29) 6) dialog: << I like the younger one. >> They laugh all over again. Miss Huller is a bit more seri about the question. MISS HULLER (CONT’D) << We’re forgetting. We already have a witness. >>
72) 0) text: Klemperer comes up the sidewalk to the company and heads the theatre entrance on one side. He is nervous as well. shows his ticket to Miss Huller, who gives him a smile an gestures him inside. 77.
81) 0) text: The company is given the back tables at a busy cafe. Susie sits at one end with Sonia, Marketa, and Doll. The matrons gather at the other. Blanc is there, as are Tanne Mandel, and Millius. Vendegast sits beside Danielle, who’ high laugh has already begun. Miss Huller and Pavla are n present.
86) 0) text: As they walk, Klemperer is both aware and unaware they ar walking toward the Markos Company. He is now a man thorou distracted by his most cherished dream. It begins to snow They arrive at the company building, all dark now except a light on at the entrance. “Anke” stops and embraces him Before he can protest, the company’s front door opens beh them. Women come out. And, like a man slipping under dark er, he feels himself being taken in. “Anke” becomes recognizable as Miss Huller, who is now la ing.
88) 1) dialog: << How dirty he made it! >> They lead him over the threshhold and onto the first of t stairs.
88) 3) dialog: << What reason is there to pity you? You had five years to get your wife out of Berlin before arrests began. >> They proceed to lead him up the stairs and then disappear over the arc of the passageway. 88.
88) 4) dialog: << When women tell you the truth, you don’t pity them. You tell them they are delusional! >> The witches laugh at Klemperer now, even as he begs them.
94) 0) text: Death reaches Markos, rears up, and tears through the wom meager magical defenses, then through her flesh. Susie ge slowly to her feet to watch. When it is finished, it goes loping back down the stairs every Markosite in the room. They see it coming and SCREA Miss Mandel and Millius, Miss Balfour, Miss Huller, Miss Marks, Pavla, Miss Verdigast, and Alberta. The black thin cuts them down in its killing ebb, leaving the Blancites touched. Then is uncoils into the void beyond. Tanner is spared. She’s weeping, weeping. The remaining witches find their voices and begin to scream praises. Th thought they were about to witness the rebirth of their leader Helena Markos, and instead they have seen the arri of one of the very Mothers they have only read about for turies.
98) 0) text: Matrons come up the stairs to the bodies there. One of th matrons stoops down to begin to solve the problem of Mada Blanc. She is astonished to find: Blanc is still alive. Her eyes look up from her half-seve head. She tries to speak. She blinks at the gathering wom We follow Miss Huller as she sprints up the stairs to sum help.