7) 0) text: Susie has changed into a dance leotard and sits, doing so stretches. She tries to manipulate her breathing to calm self. It’s intense to watch her try to control her own bo this way. It seems to work. She must be closer to the practice rooms now, because the DRUMS and DANCE CUES are louder here. Susie closes her ey She wants this so badly. We see a succession of images of rehearsals going on in p tice halls, but it’s unclear if Susie’s imagining them. INT. MARKOS COMPANY, “WHITE” STUDIO -- DAY Susie comes into a small audition room where Miss Tanner at a table with MISS MILLIUS (50) and MISS MANDEL (30). T all say hello, but they, too, are subdued. Susie holds a sette tape in her hand. 11.
7) 6) dialog: (re: the tape, kindly) We prefer dancers to audition with- out music. Susie looks at Miss Mandel.
22) 13) dialog: << Stay with us! Please, stay! >> Tanner shouts to the women closest to the door.
28) 0) text: The girls walk home from the concert, excited, sated. The come to a platz across which they can see cafes. Sara not the dance matrons sitting outside one and points. THEIR POV: Madame Blanc, Miss Tanner, Miss Millius, Miss del, Miss Huller, Pavla, Miss Vendegast, and a few others are gathered around cafe tables pushed together, having a ening as well. They are brazenly unfashionable. All of Be goes on around them, taking no notice.
29) 3) dialog: << Seen with her heart. Maybe she even senses what’s coming. It’s not far off now. >>
29) 5) dialog: << One of our new friends from the Polizei? >>
71) 1) dialog: Ten minutes! Ten minutes! Susie is looking around for Sara, who is still not among them. The girls seem concerned about it, but not the matr Susie grows truly worried.
75) 1) dialog: Keep still, Sara. Lie still. Some, who are dancers, are in good shape for their ages. Others, who work in administrative capacities, sag. They all smiling, sort of dancing around the holes in the floo few have some of the implements from the first room in th hands. Sara is frightened to the point to frenzy, but als ralyzed now somehow. She can’t move at all. She begs instead. 79.