0) 22) dialog: Blanc!
8) 16) dialog: We'll send one of the girls to help you with your luggage after lunch. Is that all right.
19) 35) dialog: How are you feeling, Susie? 32. Miss Vendegast hands her a cup with her initials on it. MISS VENDEGAST (CONT’D) We do this several times a year. Unannounced. I need you to fill it.
19) 37) dialog: Half is fine. Susie takes the cup and goes into the little WC in the ha She closes the door and gets ready to try to fill it. Mis Vendegast hums to cover the noise. INT. MARKOS COMPANY, RESIDENTS’ WC -- DUSK Susie holds the cup and tries to pee. The WC is tiny.
19) 38) dialog: I've also brought the residency forms we'll need you to read and sign. I leave them in your room-- Then memory comes to Susie, forcefully:
20) 3) dialog: If you feel up to it, Madame Blanc invites you to join her for dinner in an hour. Shall I tell her you’1l come?
21) 0) text: Miss Vendegast guides Susie down two flights of stairs an into the staff section of the building. They talk along t way, but the acoustics of the building muffle it. Miss Ve degast knocks on Blanc’s door. After a moment, Blanc answers, wearing now a Japanese sil tunic. She is smiling when she opens the door, but when s sees Susie, it fades.
24) 0) text: The street is empty in the early, frosty morning. At the front door of the company stand DETECTIVES HALLE (40) and TECTIVE MOSER (60). They’ve knocked. They stomp their fee stay warm and Moser knocks again. In a moment, the door i opened by Miss Vendegast.
24) 2) dialog: << Yes. I am she. Why don’t you fol- low me inside? >> She stands aside to let them in and they disappear inside building marked “Tanz.”
28) 0) text: The girls walk home from the concert, excited, sated. The come to a platz across which they can see cafes. Sara not the dance matrons sitting outside one and points. THEIR POV: Madame Blanc, Miss Tanner, Miss Millius, Miss del, Miss Huller, Pavla, Miss Vendegast, and a few others are gathered around cafe tables pushed together, having a ening as well. They are brazenly unfashionable. All of Be goes on around them, taking no notice.
38) 0) text: Sara, Sonia, and Marketa look in on Caroline. She’s propp up in bed, with color in her cheeks. DR. BISCHOFFS (50s) there, consulting with Miss Vendegast. The girls pull on their coats and head downstairs. Susie nowhere around.