0) 1) dialog: Markos.
0) 6) dialog: Markos!
0) 9) dialog: Blanc! MADAME BLANC (50) herself comes in for breakfast. She has long-limbed body and high carriage of a dancer, but her e gy is not rarified. It’s grounded, open. But she looks ti
0) 17) dialog: Blanc. Vendegast begins cracking eggs in a bowl, one after anoth
0) 20) dialog: Markos!
0) 26) dialog: << Markos by three. It's decided. Let no one's vote be held against her. And let the will of the maj- ority proceed. Hail, Markos. >>
0) 28) dialog: Markos is asking for you. She wants to know if everything is ready, now that we are clear to proceed.
5) 0) text: Susie comes in and finds the entrance lobby empty. She lo up at the several floors of balustrades above her. She he DRUMMING coming from somewhere in the building--a slow SY PATED BEAT--and the SQUEAKS and EXERTIONS of PEOPLE DANCI A voice CALLS OUT DANCE CUES. There is a KNOCKING ON GLASS and it takes SUSIE a moment see MISS TANNER hailing her from an interior window of th fice, which looks out onto the entrance hall.
6) 0) text: Susie comes in. Miss Tanner, made up now for the day, is business. Something is wrong at the company today. Susie gins to feel it everywhere.
6) 2) dialog: Miss Bannion, I’ve been trying to reach you at your hotel. To tell you not to come.
6) 4) dialog: Something has come up at the company just today. I was hoping you could reschedule. A beat. Tanner waits for Susie to offer to postpone it he self, but Susie just stands there, panicked. Tanner sets jaw. The secretary, MISS GRIFFITH (50s), is there typing some- thing, her back to Susie. In a small mirror on the desk, sie can see, though, that Miss Griffith is crying. Miss Griffith’s reflection looks back and she shifts in h chair to cut off the reflection. MISS TANNER (CONT’D) Very well. I have a room where you can change and get warm. I'll call the panel down--
7) 0) text: Susie has changed into a dance leotard and sits, doing so stretches. She tries to manipulate her breathing to calm self. It’s intense to watch her try to control her own bo this way. It seems to work. She must be closer to the practice rooms now, because the DRUMS and DANCE CUES are louder here. Susie closes her ey She wants this so badly. We see a succession of images of rehearsals going on in p tice halls, but it’s unclear if Susie’s imagining them. INT. MARKOS COMPANY, “WHITE” STUDIO -- DAY Susie comes into a small audition room where Miss Tanner at a table with MISS MILLIUS (50) and MISS MANDEL (30). T all say hello, but they, too, are subdued. Susie holds a sette tape in her hand. 11.
7) 1) dialog: Miss Millius and Miss Mandel are the company’s répétiteurs. Susie surprises them by asking, directly:
7) 3) dialog: As I said, Madame Blanc is occupied now. Susie’s disappointment is clear.
7) 5) dialog: Dear. You have no formal training or references. Madame Blanc took your insistance to come encourag- ingly. That’s why you’re here at all. Tanner is not being cruel, just clear. A beat. Susie nods
8) 0) text: Susie has been left to wait in Miss Tanner’s office after where she sits in her street clothes again, dance bag at feet. She is looking around the office, barely containing nervousness. There are photos of the company’s history ba to the 1910s on the walls, and some personal effects of T ner’s on her desk, including a lovely dried lotus pod tha been painted red. Rehearsal is breaking up and the hallway fills with dance Susie catches lines from several conversations, all of th charged.
8) 4) dialog: I’ve just spoken with Madame Blanc. Well done, Miss Bannion. Susie can’t stifle the smile spreading across her face. S can barely keep her seat, she is so excited. MISS TANNER (CONT’D) I imagine you’ll need to return home to settle things and make ar- rangements for moving to Berlin--
8) 6) dialog: (re: Vendegast) Fine, then. This is Miss Vendegast. She acts as housemother to company members who reside here, which is the majority. We operate as a sort of collective. (pointedly) As we cannot pay our dancers much by way of a salary, we are ina position to offer dormitory-style rooms rent-free, which is one way we've found to sew up the differ- ence.
8) 8) dialog: Not a mark. Susie is so relieved, she can’t keep the tears out of her eyes for a moment. Miss Tanner softens.
8) 10) dialog: In this company, we understand fully the importance of a woman's financial autonomy. (beat) (MORE )
8) 12) dialog: Normally, we'd be full up at this time of year, but we’ve had a room open.
8) 15) dialog: Ah. Now that you’re one of us, I won't be coy. Patricia has left the company under sad circumstances. We think she won’t be back. (beat) So there's room, if you’d like. We can even move you in this afternoon so you don’t have to pay another night at your hotel.
18) 15) dialog: Miss Chkalov.
19) 2) dialog: Who is also unhappy? Let’s get it all out, all at once-- Blanc motions to her “that’s enough.”
19) 18) dialog: First do it alone then. We don’t want to put the others at risk. The last thing we need is someone to get kicked in the ribs. Susie nods and goes out onto the floor. She readies herse waits for the drum beat, and then begins. It’s bold, prec but also wild. Blanc looks at Tanner, then calls out:
19) 24) dialog: (in a whisper) Brava brava brava-- The force of Susie’s movements is being intensified expon ally somehow and transferred to Olga. INTERCUT between th two studios: We watch Susie move through the rest of the solo. Olga mo from being beaten to being pulverized. As muscles are sep ted from bone, and bones are broken, her silhouette becom increasingly uncanny. We see Olga’s, Susie’s, and Blanc’s eyes in close up. Olg in trauma, Susie is in ecstacy, and Blanc has a melanchol her expression. She takes no joy, apparently, in this via lorosa. Olga’s form ceases to look human, though it is not yet fi ed being alive. Finally, Susie finishes the dance and has to sit immediat on the floor to keep from vomiting. For a moment no one h her, so astonished are they. Then Blanc get down on her k at Susie’s side. INTERCUTS END.
20) 5) dialog: She couldn’t have known what she was doing--
22) 1) dialog: << Things can be honed. Blanc is go- ing to work out another approach. How could we have known what would happen? What we are attempting has-— n’t been done in living memory. >>
22) 3) dialog: << Patricia was unwilling. Blanc believes that is the key. >>
22) 5) dialog: << No. We should not have forced it. What a fool. What we offered her! She wanted to blow up depart- ment stores instead. >> Miss Huller, smoking a cigarette over her pork chop, says
22) 7) dialog: << If she did, we’ll know. We can- not despair. We have time yet. >> From the other end of the table, MISS MARKS (50s) speaks
22) 11) dialog: << Markos has strength left in her. She will wait until we find another girl. >>
22) 14) dialog: << Find Blanc now! >>
25) 0) text: Sara leads Susie down to the first level, past rooms wher members of the Corps are rehearsing with the répétiteurs, then further into the building. They come down a corridor hear some LAUGHTER coming from a further office, but the of the floor is quiet. They find a door marked: “Miss Martincin, Accountant” “Miss Holzmann, Touring Director” It is unlocked. They slip in and close the door silently hind them. INT. MARKOS COMPANY, ACCOUNTANT’S OFFICE -- DAY In a back room of the office, Sara and Susie move to an alcove where there are half a dozen filing cabinets. They all locked. 42. Sara looks through the nearest desk and finds a nail file Miss Martincin’s drawer. She proceeds to slide it into a above the drawer, find the latch, and nudge it open. Susie keeps looking toward the door. The first cabinet is not what they’re looking for. But th second is personnel files, including a file for each danc Sara quickly scans through them.
26) 0) text: They come silently back out into the corridor. As they tu to head back, another BURST OF LAUGHTER comes from a back fice. There is something mocking in it. Susie takes a step away from Sara to look discreetly arou the next corner. Through a door that’s half open, Susie c see through one office into the next. SUSIE'S POV: Detectives Halle and Moser stand expressionl and naked before Miss Tanner, Miss Huller, and Miss Vende gast, their cocks hanging out. Moser's body is paunchy, w a scar from a bullet wound on his side. Halle has tattoos like a longshoreman and traces of an athletic past lost t beer and schnitzel. Miss Huller steps into view behind Ve degast and Tanner. The women recline in their chairs, cha ting over what they like. AN IMAGE flashes in Susie’s head next: Detective Halle ra up in some kind of web. His mouth is covered with it, so is silent. He hangs in a restless void, in some kind of s tained animal release. Susie steps back out of view, jolted by these images. Sar hasn’t seen what she’s seen, so Susie steers her back tow the staircase to the first floor. Susie looks back once, says nothing.
26) 12) dialog: << Why? Mother wanted it. She wanted to feel Susie for herself. Be in the same space. >>
26) 14) dialog: << Markos is and will always be our Mother. >>
26) 16) dialog: << You should have told her about Miss Bannion yourself. Now Mother wants her. >>
26) 18) dialog: << You mean waste another dancer. You were going to keep her for your- self, Blanc. Or is it that you don’t want Markos to survive? >>
26) 20) dialog: << Everyone voted. You are not the light we chose to follow. If Markos wants this girl, you must prepare her. >> (sincerely) << Markos will live. We found the girl in time. >>
28) 0) text: The girls walk home from the concert, excited, sated. The come to a platz across which they can see cafes. Sara not the dance matrons sitting outside one and points. THEIR POV: Madame Blanc, Miss Tanner, Miss Millius, Miss del, Miss Huller, Pavla, Miss Vendegast, and a few others are gathered around cafe tables pushed together, having a ening as well. They are brazenly unfashionable. All of Be goes on around them, taking no notice.
29) 2) dialog: (casually) << She’s already seen a lot. >>
55) 1) dialog: << Madam wants no bangs on anyone this year. I asked her how am I supposed to remove them if a girl has cut them this way already? She did not have an answer, of course, as she does not cut hair. But, the Madame wants the Madame wants, and so I must do. Thank God you do not have them. >> Caroline is beginning to tear up, looking more and more d perate. Susie watches this in her mirror. What's going on ery word of Miss Chalise seems to be confusing her more. MISS CHALISE (CONT’D) << You used to wear bangs when you first arrived, no? (waiting for her answer) Did I dream that up? >> Finally, Caroline pulls off her salon cape and rushes fro the room. Sara looks at Susie in the mirror, then runs af her. Susie watches them go.
63) 0) text: Miss Tanner is coming out of Blanc’s office, which she lo behind her. She is balancing a pile of thin boxes, perfor mance gifts for the dancers. All of Tanner’s keys are on knotted ribbon. She puts them in her pocket.
65) 2) dialog: She came in early. Wanted her hair and makeup first. Then she left.
66) 0) text: One of the technicians, JUDITH (20s) opens a side door an finds Miss Tanner on the floor surrounded by boxes. She h fallen down the stairs, only now just regaining her wits. Judith helps her sit up.
66) 2) dialog: << I must have fallen. >>
67) 0) text: Sara comes hurrying down the hall, made up for the perfor ance, Miss Tanner’s ribbon of keys in her fist as well as flashlight. When she gets to door of the “Mirrored” Studi she lets herself in and locks it behind her. 76.
77) 0) text: The audience is full, except for one ambiguously empty se next to Klemperer. The audience is lit up when the curtai ascends. The DRUMS begin. He tries to find Sara on the st among the company, but can’t. As the company performs VOLK, we cut back and forth betwe the following: Klemperer realizes Sara is missing. He looks around for h finally seeing the only empty seat in the house is next t him. Some of the company matrons positioned around the ro are watching him casually as much as they are watching th performance. He realizes this. Susie slowly lets go of her concern for Sara and becomes dance. Everything begins to fade for Susie except the spe in the air she is creating with her movements, and Blanc is in one of the wings connecting with her in her mind. A is the dance. All is the dance. The piece is remarkable, giving the audience the feeling an entire community shattered, but still functioning. At point, Susie rejects the leaps and goes off-book, incorpo ting the loping crawl she offered in rehearsal. It’s stra and upsetting, but galvanizing to the whole. Miss Tanner, who is standing beside Blanc mutters:
77) 1) dialog: << This girl is ready, Blanc. It’s time. >> 80. But beside her, Blanc’s having an orgasm she can barely h Somewhere in the middle of the dance, Sara, flat of affec and somehow walking on her broken leg, shambles onto the stage and takes her place in the performance. NOTE: Astute members of the audience may realize Susie an Sara have switched eye color. Susie's are now brown, in k ing with what is apparently Madame Blanc's preference, an Sara's are now blue. It's perverse. Unnecessary. The use power to feed a fetish. Patricia had these brown eyes. Ol had them. And now Susie does as well. The other dancers make room for Sara, and then, one-by-on really see her. Sara’s set, but still-broken, leg is swol under her leotard. Dancers close to her can hear the frac ed bones grinding together as she dances. Sara’s face is rigid in its expression of calm as a doll’s. The audience remains unaware, except for Klemperer, who i watching her too closely not to notice. Finally, just at the end of the dance, Susie turns and se Sara for herself. She stops dancing and takes a step towa her. As the curtain comes down, Sara collapses. She falls within sight of one of the “last looks” mirrors She sees herself broken, humiliated, dying. She sees that change has been made to her face. Her eyes are now blue. sie’s eyes. Three things happen at once: 1.) Madame Blanc rushes from the wing and kneels at Sara’ side. Susie slowly comes over, not wanting to see what they’ve done to Sara, but drawn by the girl’s suffering.
81) 1) dialog: Girls! Remember the limit! Nine marks. Other than that, choose as you like. You’ve earned it. Susie has not been absorbed into any cliques since Sara’s parture. She’s with the group, but not of it anymore. Susie seems to understand tonight is meant to be the nigh for whatever is going to be asked of her. She seems hyper ilent, but not afraid. The matrons certainly understand i They are already celebrating the end to their long season worry. Only Blanc looks disconsolate.