0) 2) dialog: Markos.
7) 0) text: Susie has changed into a dance leotard and sits, doing so stretches. She tries to manipulate her breathing to calm self. It’s intense to watch her try to control her own bo this way. It seems to work. She must be closer to the practice rooms now, because the DRUMS and DANCE CUES are louder here. Susie closes her ey She wants this so badly. We see a succession of images of rehearsals going on in p tice halls, but it’s unclear if Susie’s imagining them. INT. MARKOS COMPANY, “WHITE” STUDIO -- DAY Susie comes into a small audition room where Miss Tanner at a table with MISS MILLIUS (50) and MISS MANDEL (30). T all say hello, but they, too, are subdued. Susie holds a sette tape in her hand. 11.
7) 7) dialog: You can keep time in your head. Susie puts the cassette on the floor, out of the way, tak center floor, and begins. The first movement of her audit is so razor sharp and cutting it is startling. INT. MARKOS COMPANY, “IRIS” STUDIO -- DAY Madame Blanc is in the company’s largest studio, leading rehearsal Susie heard from the entrance hall. People are ing in pairs and trios, all very subdued. Blanc is workin one-on-one now with SARA (20s), but stops, sensing someth going on elsewhere in the building. Sara stops as well, waiting for Blanc.
29) 4) dialog: << What about the witness? It is not too early to discuss this. Who'll be our witness there? >>
73) 0) text: Miss Mandel escorts Klemperer to his seat. The audience i filling up to a full house. He regards her, and the other pany women, with what he thinks is a discreet eye. When h looks around the theatre, he begins to see some of the ic ography rendered in Patricia’s journals around him here. is unnerving to him.
94) 0) text: Death reaches Markos, rears up, and tears through the wom meager magical defenses, then through her flesh. Susie ge slowly to her feet to watch. When it is finished, it goes loping back down the stairs every Markosite in the room. They see it coming and SCREA Miss Mandel and Millius, Miss Balfour, Miss Huller, Miss Marks, Pavla, Miss Verdigast, and Alberta. The black thin cuts them down in its killing ebb, leaving the Blancites touched. Then is uncoils into the void beyond. Tanner is spared. She’s weeping, weeping. The remaining witches find their voices and begin to scream praises. Th thought they were about to witness the rebirth of their leader Helena Markos, and instead they have seen the arri of one of the very Mothers they have only read about for turies.