16) 0) text: They come into a corridor of dormitory-type rooms. Some o the girls are stealing a few moments in their rooms betwe breakfast and rehearsal. When Susie appears on the floor, few come out and introduce themselves. Susie smiles at them, greets them. One older dancer, OLGA (40), who is on a telephone, hears what’s going on and st out to look, but as soon as she sees Susie, she dismisses and goes back to the argument she was having on the phone
16) 1) dialog: Why don’t you try speaking to me like you love me for a change-- Sara rolls her eyes and brings Susie to the end of one co ridor, pointing out as they pass a room at the end:
18) 11) dialog: I am. She tries this, and it works. But then she stops abruptly
18) 12) dialog: This is shit. Such shit. Danielle stops PLAYING the DRUM. Tanner sighs.
18) 14) dialog: You can’t even be bothered to re- spect your own lies.
18) 17) dialog: She would have told someone. That’s not what happened. Blanc steps fully into this, taking slow steps toward Olg
18) 19) dialog: She wouldn’t do any of that!
18) 23) dialog: But she left them. You know she did and you know why.
18) 25) dialog: You manipulate everything-- Everyone-- She didn’t trust you--! Because you’re hypocrites.
18) 28) dialog: No, Miss Tanner, call Olga a cab. She's had enough and is going to pack her things and get the fuck out of this box of rabies. Olga starts hurrying toward the door.
18) 30) dialog: Koldun' ya! 26. Olga storms out. Blanc lets the intensity in her own face sipate to show the company the hurt underneath.
19) 0) text: Olga shakes with anger as the adrenaline peaks in her sys She takes the stairs two at a time up to the dorm. At the top of the stairs, ALBERTA (50s) a stocky woman wh the company’s maintenance person is sitting in an alcove.
19) 1) dialog: I'm leaving, Alberta. I can’t swal- low any more of this. She heads to her room and starts packing a small bag. INT. MARKOS COMPANY, “IRIS” STUDIO -- DAY Miss Tanner has stepped forward to Blanc’s side.
20) 8) text: INT. KLEMPERER’S APARTMENT, SITTING ROOM -- DUSK Dr. Klemperer sits in his office, staring in the middle d tance. The last light in the sky is fading. The framed ph of his wife smiles at him. He’s got Patricia’s pale noteb open on his desk. We see names we know--M. BLANC, SARA, OLGA, HELENA MARKOS and names we do not. It is also jammed with little exhibi from Patricia's life--ticket stubs from concerts, newspap clippings about terrorist actions around Berlin, more tha few programs from dance performances. One section has drawings of some iconographic symbols, as from some vulgar religion. It is this symbology that unse tles Klemperer most. He closes the notebook and picks up the phone. He dials.
51) 0) text: Workers who have arrived early to their offices are gathe around TELEVISIONS there when the news breaks that all of RAF prisoners at Mannheim Prison were just discovered dea their cells after an apparent “suicide pact.” INT. MARKOS COMPANY, SONIA’S ROOM -- DAY Dancers from the company are watching this news in their jamas, on a TELEVISION set Olga left behind. Some are cry Sonia says, to no one: