1) 6) text: (pleasantly) They voted. --Can I have a seltzer? The bartender will give you one for free. I’m afraid. (singing again) I'll be leaving in the fairest of seasons. Klemperer lowers himself into his chair, not sure he’s he her correctly. She talks loudly, as if over other people busy cafe. But she’s coding things, just for him. PATRICIA (CONT’D) This song! I have it stuck in my head. I hear it so loud I worry oth- ers can hear it, too. (meaningfully) Do you understand--? He decides. He leans over and flips a switch low on the w near his chair. INT. KLEMPERER’S BUILDING, STAIRWELL -- DAY A red bulb next to his door switches on, its FILAMENT BUZ ING WITH VOLTAGE. The small sign beside it reads, both in man and English, “In Session.” INT. KLEMPERER’S APARTMENT, SITTING ROOM -- DAY Klemperer begins writing in his patient notes. We see wha must be months of work with her in his tiny handwriting.
1) 7) dialog: They are going to try to keep her alive after all. He glances up at her. He flips back through the notes. Th name “Markos” has come up before, several times. Klempere has called it a “besessenheit.” An obsession.
1) 9) dialog: Don’t say that name--! But then she tries to make herself laugh, as if she’s hav a very good time. PATRICIA (CONT’D) I’m not supposed to be here! It’s the middle of the day! You’re a nice boy. A nice kumpel. Isn’t that the word? I was right. They are witches. Klemperer writes. Patricia moves around the room, eyes cl and dancing. PATRICIA (CONT’D) I left word for Sara to meet me out this morning. She’s the one girl there I could give a damn about. She’s rich, but she listens. If I leave they may choose her next. I don’t want them to hurt her. But she didn't come. She didn’t get my note, or-- (beat) She doesn’t know what I know. They've been underground since the war. I found out all of it. She realizes she’s said too many real things in a row and sembles. She’s terrified. PATRICIA (CONT’D) I’m having so much fun I don’t know why you never brought me here be- fore! A long beat. Klemperer says, calmly:
1) 11) dialog: They took my hair. My urine. They took my eyes. There’s more to that building than what you see. CLOSE ON: In her file, he writes: << Her delusion has dee ened into panic. She feels her constructed mythology is c firmed. >>
1) 12) text: But I let them help me. I let them give me things, too. I knew, but I let it happen. On Klemperer’s bookcase, there is a framed photogravure. of smiling WOMAN from the 1930s. She smiles at Patricia. PATRICIA (CONT’D) My mother always told me to write my stories down. I was always tel- ling them, but I never wrote them down before. (forcefully) Kumpel! Klemperer looks up. He sees she is crying. PATRICIA (CONT’D) Did you hear?! Did you understand?
1) 14) dialog: I’m going back for Sara and then I'll come get my things. She is weeping now, painfully desperate and afraid.
1) 16) dialog: They convinced me it was my choice. Rehearsal’s at noon-- I’1l be mis- sed! Klemperer gets to his feet. As she rushes out, she tells PATRICIA (CONT’D) If they know, they won’t hesitate. They will hollow me out and eat my cunt on a plate! Then she goes out the door, giving a jolt of surprises to NEXT PATIENT (Male, 40s) waiting outside. Klemperer liste to her go DOWN THE STAIRS and OUT. He goes to the window. CLOSE ON: In the photo on his bookcase, the woman's eyes pale over her smile. A smile from before the war. He looks through the sheer curtain to the street below a watches Patricia hurry back toward the platz, then disapp
20) 8) text: INT. KLEMPERER’S APARTMENT, SITTING ROOM -- DUSK Dr. Klemperer sits in his office, staring in the middle d tance. The last light in the sky is fading. The framed ph of his wife smiles at him. He’s got Patricia’s pale noteb open on his desk. We see names we know--M. BLANC, SARA, OLGA, HELENA MARKOS and names we do not. It is also jammed with little exhibi from Patricia's life--ticket stubs from concerts, newspap clippings about terrorist actions around Berlin, more tha few programs from dance performances. One section has drawings of some iconographic symbols, as from some vulgar religion. It is this symbology that unse tles Klemperer most. He closes the notebook and picks up the phone. He dials.
35) 0) text: Back in West Berlin, Klemperer waits in the reception are a Federal Criminal Police Station. The waiting room is pa ed. A TELEVISION hanging from the ceiling shows footage of th hijacked Lufthansa at yet another airport. Now it’s in Mo shu. Klemperer sits in front of a row of posters with a BKA lo at the top and the headline “TERRORISTEN.” They feature p tos of dozens and dozens of men and women, some with name others with question marks. Some are crossed out. There’s photo that looks a lot like Patricia, which is not crosse out.
73) 0) text: Miss Mandel escorts Klemperer to his seat. The audience i filling up to a full house. He regards her, and the other pany women, with what he thinks is a discreet eye. When h looks around the theatre, he begins to see some of the ic ography rendered in Patricia’s journals around him here. is unnerving to him.
74) 1) dialog: Sara. The person leans out and Sara can see in her light: It is Patricia. She runs and kneels at her side. Patricia’s ina strange state--slow, dry-voiced, and cold to touch.
74) 2) dialog: I wake up here every day now. Patricia speaks in a normal voice. Sara’s is hushed.
74) 4) dialog: She’s inside me. She wants me to hold you. Sara pulls Patricia out of the shadow and sees, with horr she’s pale. Her eyes are rimmed in pale flesh. Her face i dead girl's face, but without the stiffness of death. All features hang down. Her jaw is slack. Sara takes her wrist and checks for a pulse. There must n be one. Sara begins to cry. Patricia delicately pulls her wrist out of Sara’s grip and reverses things so that she now holding Sara’s wrist. 78. Someone is coming down the passage Sara’s just come from. can hear it.
74) 5) dialog: They’11 take you now. Sara panics and tries to get up, but Patricia grips her. PATRICIA (CONT’D) She shows me things. On the side of a coffin I think is my rest. She’s holding it, holding it back-- Show- ing me things on the side, like this-- A new expression comes into his face. Blank and cold. A f other girls come out from other alcoves, to come hold Sar sound of terror escapes Sara’s lips against her will. PATRICIA (CONT’D) A ribbon. For my face. We are ti- red. We are so tired. Sara pulls free from Patricia, and runs past the other gi and through the arch just as the figures of a number of m rons appear in the door Sara came in. She only sees them a split second, but they are naked.
79) 0) text: Klemperer comes down a dark street and onto a bridge over River Spree. He is struggling under the weight of somethi he is carrying over his shoulders. It is Patricia’s duffl Her other bag is in his hand. It’s a cold enough night that he can see the edges of the er icing up, so he goes further out to the middle of the over black churning water. He flips the bag and duffle over the side and listens to splash below. Only then does he look to see they’re gone. takes the silver body hook out of his coat and throws it the Spree as well. Then he begins to cry. He is a man who only feel guilt as he again watches evil approaching.
94) 4) dialog: Mother, we are so tired.
94) 6) dialog: To die! To die! 96. She places a hand briefly on Olga’s ruined face, then Pat cia's, and lets them die mortal deaths. She and Sara dance for a time until Sara says to her:
99) 0) text: In the lobby is the row of “TERRORISTEN” posters Klempere saw, with their dozens and dozens of photos of men and wo some with names others with question marks. Many are cros out. Patricia’s looks smudged somehow, now totally unreco zable.