9) 2) text: INT. HOTEL PFAU, SUSIE’S ROOM -- NIGHT A storm is coming down hard and with THUNDER. Susie is in hotel window looking down to the street. A taxi pulls up. Sara, the dancer from the corridor, gets out.
10) 0) text: Sara looks up at the hotel and sees Susie. She waves. Sus waves back, already running to get out of the downpour. INT. HOTEL PFAU, SUSIE’S ROOM -- NIGHT Sara comes in soaked. She’s clearly from money. She doesn overtly advertise this. Her clothes are lovely, but it’s in the way she carries herself.
10) 1) dialog: I'm sorry I’m late. It’s the rain. Whenever it rains, everyone in Ber- lin jumps in a cab. And like an mo- ron, I just let ours go. It’1l take an hour to get another one now. Oh I’m Sara. We’ll have to take our chances in the street. You have an umbrella? Susie shakes her head. SARA (CONT’D) (looking around) That’s okay. We can borrow one from the hotel if they have them. But Susie’s luggage is still open on the floor, things ev where.
10) 3) dialog: I’m so sorry! Everything was a mess at the Company today. (off Susie’s look) Why are you smiling?
10) 5) dialog: Yes. Congrats. I heard you here a sensation today. Susie shrugs, happy. There’s a roll of THUNDER. SARA (CONT’D) I should maybe go before this gets worse, then. I’1l come back in the morning?
10) 7) dialog: We’ll miss dinner, but we can order room service. To celebrate! (intuiting) On me! As a “welcome to Berlin.”
10) 10) dialog: She's incredible. The way she trans- mits her work, her energy. When it shines on you, it’s --addictive, is the word for it. And she’s tough-- She kept the company alive through the war--think about that--when the Reich just wanted women to shut off their minds and keep their uteruses open, there was Blanc. (beat) --La vraie chose!
10) 12) dialog: I can smell it. A bomb.
10) 14) dialog: There’s a bank that way. She comes back into the room, looking at Susie. SARA (CONT’D) Don’t you know what’s happening here? The hijackers are negotiating a release for the Stammheim prison- ers tonight. There are riots. Susie doesn’t answer. SARA (CONT’D) The RAF? Baader-Meinhof?
10) 16) dialog: They kidnapped an executive. During the war he was Nazi SS. An officer. Now he runs the German Employer's Association-- (beat) (MORE )
10) 18) dialog: You don’t get how awful that is, do you? Susie shakes her head: This means nothing to her. Sara sh vers and closes the window. SARA (CONT’D) I didn’t either. Until I came here. --And my Father’s in the Diplomatic Service. Susie goes to the bathroom and comes back with a thick to She sees Sara is now sitting on the bed in tears.
10) 20) dialog: I’m sorry. All of this-- I’m just worried about a friend. It’s been an terrible day.
10) 22) dialog: She just left this morning, telling Ms. Tanner she had a “family emer- gency.” No one knows what to do.
10) 24) dialog: She was active, in some political groups. So we don’t know where she is, really. If she’s in hiding, if she’s all right. (beat) I just want to know she’s if all right.
10) 26) dialog: Yes. Very good. But an even better friend.
15) 0) text: Susie and Sara carry Susie’s luggage up to the third floo passing the mirrors Susie saw the day before. She’s now r flected in them from just below.
16) 2) dialog: That’s my room-- The hall turns right, then right again revealing a parall corridor, also with dorm rooms. Susie’s is first. They go SARA (CONT’D) We're sort of neighbors.
16) 4) dialog: Settle in. I’1l tell Ms. Vendegast we made it. Rehearsal isn’t for forty minutes. Listen for the bell. (off Susie’s nod) Knock on the wall if you need anything, okay? I’m right on the other side. 22.
16) 7) dialog: No. Olga took Patricia's room. It’s the biggest. She said she needed the space. (sotto) She’s Russian. With that, Sara goes. Susie looks around the room, excite It’s simple: A bed, a dresser, a desk, an old-fashioned s with a basin and mirror. But no windows. It’s an interior room inside the center of the building. She has an odd moment of settling into the space, of hear her own breathing. She pulls a suitcase up onto the bed a flips open the latches to start unpacking.
19) 32) dialog: That was fucking incredible-- The other girls all watch them leave. Madame Blanc says t Miss Tanner, lightly:
20) 8) text: INT. KLEMPERER’S APARTMENT, SITTING ROOM -- DUSK Dr. Klemperer sits in his office, staring in the middle d tance. The last light in the sky is fading. The framed ph of his wife smiles at him. He’s got Patricia’s pale noteb open on his desk. We see names we know--M. BLANC, SARA, OLGA, HELENA MARKOS and names we do not. It is also jammed with little exhibi from Patricia's life--ticket stubs from concerts, newspap clippings about terrorist actions around Berlin, more tha few programs from dance performances. One section has drawings of some iconographic symbols, as from some vulgar religion. It is this symbology that unse tles Klemperer most. He closes the notebook and picks up the phone. He dials.
21) 44) dialog: Yes. I’m fine. I was just thinking about Olga. --About what she said today. Susie remembers.
21) 46) dialog: If I asked you for a favor tomor- row, would you do it? (MORE )
21) 48) dialog: (beat) We might get caught.
25) 0) text: Sara leads Susie down to the first level, past rooms wher members of the Corps are rehearsing with the répétiteurs, then further into the building. They come down a corridor hear some LAUGHTER coming from a further office, but the of the floor is quiet. They find a door marked: “Miss Martincin, Accountant” “Miss Holzmann, Touring Director” It is unlocked. They slip in and close the door silently hind them. INT. MARKOS COMPANY, ACCOUNTANT’S OFFICE -- DAY In a back room of the office, Sara and Susie move to an alcove where there are half a dozen filing cabinets. They all locked. 42. Sara looks through the nearest desk and finds a nail file Miss Martincin’s drawer. She proceeds to slide it into a above the drawer, find the latch, and nudge it open. Susie keeps looking toward the door. The first cabinet is not what they’re looking for. But th second is personnel files, including a file for each danc Sara quickly scans through them.
25) 1) dialog: Patricia’s isn’t here anymore.
25) 3) dialog: Everyone’s here but them. Susie looks at through everything on Miss Martincin’s des in her inbox, but there’s nothing. Sara checks the Rolodex, flipping through the typed cards bad reproduction of John Atkinson Grimshaw’s “The Lady of Shalott II” hangs over the desk, ignoring them. SARA (CONT’D) I just need a number. For a parent-- or anyone who can tell us for sure she’s not in Berlin. Susie holds up a hand, hearing something. The BREAKFAST B
25) 5) dialog: Then why remove her file? As if she was never here.
26) 0) text: They come silently back out into the corridor. As they tu to head back, another BURST OF LAUGHTER comes from a back fice. There is something mocking in it. Susie takes a step away from Sara to look discreetly arou the next corner. Through a door that’s half open, Susie c see through one office into the next. SUSIE'S POV: Detectives Halle and Moser stand expressionl and naked before Miss Tanner, Miss Huller, and Miss Vende gast, their cocks hanging out. Moser's body is paunchy, w a scar from a bullet wound on his side. Halle has tattoos like a longshoreman and traces of an athletic past lost t beer and schnitzel. Miss Huller steps into view behind Ve degast and Tanner. The women recline in their chairs, cha ting over what they like. AN IMAGE flashes in Susie’s head next: Detective Halle ra up in some kind of web. His mouth is covered with it, so is silent. He hangs in a restless void, in some kind of s tained animal release. Susie steps back out of view, jolted by these images. Sar hasn’t seen what she’s seen, so Susie steers her back tow the staircase to the first floor. Susie looks back once, says nothing.
26) 23) dialog: Something in the sequence-- the ones-to-twos. I’ve never seen her use those moves that way before. (beat) It’s exquisite. The whole thing.
26) 25) dialog: What do you mean?
26) 27) dialog: Someone? Susie considers this. She says, more to herself.
26) 29) dialog: What made you say that?
26) 31) dialog: (louder than she means) So why say it?
26) 33) dialog: It’s just-- (beat) It’s the sort of thing Patricia would say. Don’t start bugging out at nothing, too. I couldn’t handle it. They get to their floor and stop at the top of the stairs 47. Suddenly there is a SCREAM in one of the room. EXCITED PA Sara and Susie go toward it, alarmed. They see girls raci to their rooms. SARA (CONT’D) What’s going on?! One of the dancers, MARKETA (20s), tells them, breathless
28) 0) text: The girls walk home from the concert, excited, sated. The come to a platz across which they can see cafes. Sara not the dance matrons sitting outside one and points. THEIR POV: Madame Blanc, Miss Tanner, Miss Millius, Miss del, Miss Huller, Pavla, Miss Vendegast, and a few others are gathered around cafe tables pushed together, having a ening as well. They are brazenly unfashionable. All of Be goes on around them, taking no notice.
30) 0) text: The muffled sound of WOMEN LAUGHING, returning from a nig out, can be heard in Sara’s room. Sara is not quite aslee She hears it. It sounds like it’s coming from the opposit direction than the hallway, though. INT. MARKOS COMPANY, SUSIE’S ROOM -- NIGHT Susie is deeply, almost hypnotically, asleep now, deep in dream.
32) 2) dialog: It’s all right. It’s all right! Susie is awake in a snap, able to separate things quickly Caroline and another dancer, DOLL (30) stick their sleepy faces in as well.
32) 4) dialog: Just a nightmare.
32) 7) dialog: I was coming back from the toilet. You scared the hell out of me, though. (beat) Move over. A beat before she realizes Sara is serious. Susie scoots to make room in the bed.
32) 9) dialog: Well, we’re sisters now aren’t we? Sara closes her eyes, happy, and tries to fall back into
37) 17) dialog: We're going to the Ufer for coffee.
38) 0) text: Sara, Sonia, and Marketa look in on Caroline. She’s propp up in bed, with color in her cheeks. DR. BISCHOFFS (50s) there, consulting with Miss Vendegast. The girls pull on their coats and head downstairs. Susie nowhere around.
39) 0) text: Sara, Sonia, and Marketa come out into the sunlight and c and enter the flow of the sidewalk traffic.
41) 0) text: Sara has accompanied Dr. Klemperer into the Tiergarten wh they sit at a window table that looks out onto the park. ON A TV: The news is showing Lufthansa flight 181 on the strip in Mogadishu. The dead body of one of the hostages unceremoniously tossed down to the tarmac. The other patrons in the restaurant are watching this, th backs to Klemperer and Sara.
41) 2) dialog: I don’t know what to make of any of this. I know the kind of thing she was involved with, but I don’t see how any of it could be happening in- side the company.
41) 4) dialog: I live there. I have friends there. I don’t see any evidence of this at all. (beat) No one has ever approached me, or any of the other girls as far as I know--
41) 6) dialog: But this says “witches.” Klemperer puts his hands together, as if grounding himsel 60.
41) 8) dialog: The company is a --family. There’s a lot of love there.
41) 10) dialog: I sorry. I don’t see this.
41) 12) dialog: I don’t want to be disrespectful, Doctor. I don’t. But you’re asking me and I’m telling you: It’s a dance company. We are not talking about anything else. I’m sorry.
41) 14) dialog: Thank you for caring about Patric- ia. But I hope you don’t come again. She leaves. Klemperer can’t run after her, so he is force watch her stride off. She doesn’t look back.
42) 0) text: Sara walks far enough away to be out of Klemperer’s view fore she slows down again. She rubs her neck, looking ver unsure and alone.
45) 0) text: Sara sits up in her desk chair, trying not to fall asleep She nods off, then snaps awake. She pinches herself, hard nally, she hears what she has been waiting for: MUTED SOU and VOICES like the other night. She gets up and goes to her ear on the wall. It's there, behind the wall. She moves to one corner and on her knees to listen in the corner. It’s louder there. the voices behind the wall pass the room. Sara marks the where she’s listening and the quickly follows the voices. They climbs up the wall until she loses them at the top o the other side. What’s hidden between her and Susie’s room is a stairway.
46) 0) text: Sara comes out to the corridor that links the two residen hallways. She stands at the midpoint between her room and sie’s. The shaded hall sconces are turned on low, but it’ nough for her to see. Starting at this midway point, she walks toward the shado main stairway and counts her steps. 63.
48) 0) text: She comes down one more floor and counts her 42 steps. Sh ends up at the door to the “mirrored” studio. The company isn’t heated as warmly at night and she is sh vering in just her nightgown. She goes in, but does not t on the light until she shuts the door behind her. The light can be seen in the crack under the door. INT. MARKOS COMPANY, “MIRRORED” STUDIO -- NIGHT Sara knows more or less which mirrored section of wall to to from inferring where the secret stairs come down. She tries pushing on it, pulling. She runs a finger as far in the crack between mirrors as she can. Nothing moves or su gests movement, until she tries the lip of the wainscotti which pulls up as if on a hinge. And then the whole wall el opens like a door.
49) 0) text: Sara has to open the door wide to let in the light from t “mir-rored” studio enough to see. This is a small room wi elegant shelves on every wall. On the shelves are not the stacks of anarchist fliers, la ting machines for fake documents, and firearms she might been expecting. What she finds are dozens of objects made silver or porcelain. Some are figurative: a trio of women, some mythical beast dog. Some vaguely echo body parts and genitals. Some look be tools for some arcane function or another. There is a smaller wooden door opposite the entrance whic must be where the staircase begins. Sara tries it, but th one is locked. She can hear air rushing under the crack b neath it. The SOUND is hypnotic. Feeling like she’s already overstayed a prudent amount of time, she takes one of the objects from the shelves--a si hook--and steps back out into the studio. 64. INT. MARKOS COMPANY, “MIRRORED” STUDIO -- NIGHT She closes up the door and makes sure it’s flush with the mirrored panel beside it. Then she hides the silver hook her nightgown, turns off the light and goes out.
52) 0) text: Sara is following directions she’s written out. She turns a main street and into the little alley that ends at Klem er’s building. INT. KLEMPERER’S APARTMENT, KITCHEN -- DAY Sara and Dr. Klemperer are in his study. Every now and th Frau Sesame glances at them, but they’re far away and spe ing English. She sees Sara take an odd silver hook out of backpack. 65. INT. KLEMPERER’S APARTMENT, SITTING ROOM -- DAY Sara is listening to Klemperer intently.
52) 2) dialog: I saw likenesses of them in the room last night. In porcelain. Very fine things. They have money.
52) 4) dialog: (horrified, disappointed) Madame Blanc is involved in this? Sara looks at the silver hook now lying on the table. In full light of day, it just seems bizarre. SARA (CONT’D) Do they think they are witches? 66.
52) 6) dialog: Then Patricia could still be in there. In the building, I mean. They could be holding her--
53) 0) text: Heading home, Sara skirts another protest. This one is ge ting out of control. The police are no longer at a distan taking photos. They are at attention with riot shield and guns ready on their hips. The crowd waves photos of Baader, Ensslin, and Raspe. The all screaming: 67.
55) 0) text: The dancers are getting fittings and haircuts in preparat Sara is getting her costume altered. Behind her, Miss Mar is cutting Susie’s hair in silence. The chattier MISS BALFOUR (40s) is trimming Caroline’s ha talking to Caroline in French.
56) 0) text: Sara catches up with Caroline, who has hidden in one of t basement practice rooms and backed into a corner. She is ing so hard, Sara can barely understand her. Sara takes b her hands.
56) 1) dialog: What is it?! 68.
56) 3) dialog: You have a condition-- Caroline looks at her, incredulous.
56) 5) dialog: You’ve had more than one? What did they say at the hospital?
57) 3) dialog: Is it true? After all? Is it true-- (beat) TELL ME.
57) 5) dialog: And don’t lie! Are you making some kind of bargain of your own with them? (beat) How can you know what things they'll ask of you in return?! What horrible things! Please tell me it’s not too late--
57) 7) dialog: You're lying right now. Sara pleads her with her eyes, frightened and heartsick. Susie takes her hands, smiling, reassuring her.
57) 9) dialog: You just haven’t gotten the bill.
60) 0) text: Sara lies awake. She hears Susie return for the night. Af a moment, she gets out of bed. INT. MARKOS COMPANY, RESIDENTS’ CORRIDOR -- NIGHT She comes around the corner to Susie’s door and sees it i closed. There is no light under it. She quietly knocks, b Susie doesn’t answer.
61) 0) text: Susie lies in bed, awake. She hears Sara’s voice whisper:
61) 1) dialog: I’m not leaving you here, Susie. I’m not leaving without you. Then she is gone. This makes the part of Susie who is simply a young woman needs her friend smile. She closes her eyes to sleep amid BREATHING that has joined her again. FADE TO BLACK. ON A TELEVISION: A news story plays about the burials of RAF prisoners in a Stuttgart cemetery. Thousands of prote ors silently observes the burial. Polizei with machine gu are posted everywhere.
65) 0) text: Susie sits getting her makeup done by Miss Chalice. She s Sara is not anywhere around.
67) 0) text: Sara comes hurrying down the hall, made up for the perfor ance, Miss Tanner’s ribbon of keys in her fist as well as flashlight. When she gets to door of the “Mirrored” Studi she lets herself in and locks it behind her. 76.
68) 0) text: Sara lets herself into the first secret room behind the m rored panel and goes to the locked door inside. She begin try out keys, one after another. There must be thirty on Tanner’s ring. Air moving under the door plays a low note cross the jamb. The door springs open and Sara finds herself looking up a row, steep stairway. She hesitates only briefly, then goe
70) 0) text: Sara finds herself in a huge, curved arcade that arcs aro before ending at an open archway. The architecture is qui morphing into something hyper-organic and fluid, an empha sort of art nouveau. There is nowhere to hide if she hears anyone coming. Sara terrified.
74) 0) text: Sara comes into a huge tube-shaped room. At the opposite is an arch with further rooms beyond. Sara moves forward, she notices, all along the walls of this room, are triang shaped recesses in shadow. She stops. She can see in one shape of a leg, as if someone is crouching there. She almost screams, but keeps her wits. Trembling, she sl ly goes toward whoever it is, flashlight up, but then, im sibly, someone in another recess calls her name.
74) 3) dialog: Stand up! Come on! I know how to get out. --Take my jacket.
75) 0) text: Sara runs into the next room, a dark room, the edges of w she cannot see. It’s the room about which Susie dreamed, the holes in the floor, but Sara doesn’t see them in time Within a few steps she puts her leg into one. Her momentu carries her forward and her shin snaps. She shrieks and c es to the ground. She awkwardly gets her leg out and begins to back away fr the door, dragging the it along with her. The matrons com to the room and see her injury.
75) 2) dialog: FORGIVE ME! PLEASE! I wanted to help! I DIDN’T KNOW! DON’T DO ANY-
76) 0) text: The dancers take their places on stage behind the curtain checking last looks in a mirror there. Susie looks back o last time and sees: Sara’s place is still empty.
77) 0) text: The audience is full, except for one ambiguously empty se next to Klemperer. The audience is lit up when the curtai ascends. The DRUMS begin. He tries to find Sara on the st among the company, but can’t. As the company performs VOLK, we cut back and forth betwe the following: Klemperer realizes Sara is missing. He looks around for h finally seeing the only empty seat in the house is next t him. Some of the company matrons positioned around the ro are watching him casually as much as they are watching th performance. He realizes this. Susie slowly lets go of her concern for Sara and becomes dance. Everything begins to fade for Susie except the spe in the air she is creating with her movements, and Blanc is in one of the wings connecting with her in her mind. A is the dance. All is the dance. The piece is remarkable, giving the audience the feeling an entire community shattered, but still functioning. At point, Susie rejects the leaps and goes off-book, incorpo ting the loping crawl she offered in rehearsal. It’s stra and upsetting, but galvanizing to the whole. Miss Tanner, who is standing beside Blanc mutters:
93) 37) dialog: The Mother! The Mother! Others who have supported Markos from the start begin to or WAIL OUT. What is happening is akin to Jesus Christ hi self walking into a modern Easter service. No one is prep ed for one of the Three Mothers being among them. Markos looks down at Susie, the first twitch of astonishm entering her withered face.
94) 7) dialog: Mother, please.
94) 9) dialog: To die! And Susie puts her hand briefly on Sara’s face, like a lo would, and then over it until she falls away, as if froma great height, from the mortal world into death. Susie dances in solo then, charging the air, the room, th coven with her power. Finally, she calls out to the other witches: