2) 1) text: Susie has found her way onto the Berlin subway. She looks round, keeping her nerves in check as best she can. She s armed Polizei at various stations watching clusters of yo both with attitudes like battering rams.
3) 0) text: Susie is on the stairs hurrying out of the subway, asking directions. A woman with too much lipstick half-helps her
3) 1) dialog: PohlstraBe--? It’s this way--? Susie has a rural American accent: Southern Ohio, which i almost West Virginia, but not as thick. She lacks sophist tion, but makes up for it with bravery.
4) 0) text: Susie finally arrives outside a huge old janus of a build two brick volumes fused down the center, one taller than other by several floors. It could be a factory, a school, an austere sort of hotel, but the stonework over the entr simply reads “Tanz.” Dance. Dead leaves cartwheel around her. Susie stands a moment l ing up at the building, gathering herself. Then she goes
5) 0) text: Susie comes in and finds the entrance lobby empty. She lo up at the several floors of balustrades above her. She he DRUMMING coming from somewhere in the building--a slow SY PATED BEAT--and the SQUEAKS and EXERTIONS of PEOPLE DANCI A voice CALLS OUT DANCE CUES. There is a KNOCKING ON GLASS and it takes SUSIE a moment see MISS TANNER hailing her from an interior window of th fice, which looks out onto the entrance hall.
6) 0) text: Susie comes in. Miss Tanner, made up now for the day, is business. Something is wrong at the company today. Susie gins to feel it everywhere.
6) 1) dialog: Miss Tanner--? 10.
6) 3) dialog: Not come? Why--?
7) 0) text: Susie has changed into a dance leotard and sits, doing so stretches. She tries to manipulate her breathing to calm self. It’s intense to watch her try to control her own bo this way. It seems to work. She must be closer to the practice rooms now, because the DRUMS and DANCE CUES are louder here. Susie closes her ey She wants this so badly. We see a succession of images of rehearsals going on in p tice halls, but it’s unclear if Susie’s imagining them. INT. MARKOS COMPANY, “WHITE” STUDIO -- DAY Susie comes into a small audition room where Miss Tanner at a table with MISS MILLIUS (50) and MISS MANDEL (30). T all say hello, but they, too, are subdued. Susie holds a sette tape in her hand. 11.
7) 2) dialog: And Veva Blanc?
7) 4) dialog: But I was told--
8) 0) text: Susie has been left to wait in Miss Tanner’s office after where she sits in her street clothes again, dance bag at feet. She is looking around the office, barely containing nervousness. There are photos of the company’s history ba to the 1910s on the walls, and some personal effects of T ner’s on her desk, including a lovely dried lotus pod tha been painted red. Rehearsal is breaking up and the hallway fills with dance Susie catches lines from several conversations, all of th charged.
8) 5) dialog: No, no. I-- I’m ready now. I can start now. A beat. Tanner nods.
8) 7) dialog: You don’t charge anything --at all?
8) 9) dialog: I’m sorry to cry!
8) 13) dialog: Patricia's. She says this matter-of-factly. Miss Vendegast looks at M Tanner. Tanner squints at Susie, slightly alarmed.
8) 14) dialog: Some girls were talking about her in the hall just now.
8) 17) dialog: Yes. Thank you. --It’s perfect.
9) 0) text: Three stories below, Susie walks back across the entrance hall on her way out, trying to contain her excitement and lief. Madame Blanc watches her through a large dim window Susie must feel watched because she glances back and then all the way up to the ceiling until she’s looking right a Madame Blanc. Neither waves. The reason becomes in clear: SUSIE'S POV: All Susie can see is the row of mirrors at t very top, hiding the highest mezzanine. Madame Blanc must be standing behind one of them, but Sus cannot know this. It is a first visual indication that th very architecture of the building creates tension. Susie begins to perceive, at the edge of her hearing, som one’s labored BREATHING. There’s no one in view. The acou ics of three-story hall may explain it. Unnerved, she goe
9) 2) text: INT. HOTEL PFAU, SUSIE’S ROOM -- NIGHT A storm is coming down hard and with THUNDER. Susie is in hotel window looking down to the street. A taxi pulls up. Sara, the dancer from the corridor, gets out.
10) 0) text: Sara looks up at the hotel and sees Susie. She waves. Sus waves back, already running to get out of the downpour. INT. HOTEL PFAU, SUSIE’S ROOM -- NIGHT Sara comes in soaked. She’s clearly from money. She doesn overtly advertise this. Her clothes are lovely, but it’s in the way she carries herself.
10) 2) dialog: When you weren't here by six I had to take the room for another night.
10) 4) dialog: Berlin. You said “everybody in Ber- lin” a second ago and I thought: That includes me now. I live here now. Sara smiles at Susie’s guilelessness. 16.
10) 6) dialog: If it will be so bad getting a cab, sleep here if you want. We can push the beds apart. I have an extra nightgown-- Sara considers the invitation, surprised and moved by Sus openness.
10) 9) dialog: Tell me about Madame Blanc! She came into my audition, but she left right after. The lights go out and this time they don’t come back on. Lightning occasionally brightens the windows, giving them light. 17.
10) 11) dialog: Is that French? I don’t even know! There is a SUDDEN DETONATION outside nearby, markedly dif ent from thunder. It shakes the glass. They run and open window to look. It came from down the street. They can’t from this angle, so Sara leans out, into the rain.
10) 13) dialog: A bomb?! Susie keeps her from falling out. Police SIRENS are comin
10) 15) dialog: I don’t know what that is.
10) 19) dialog: What is it?! Susie sits on the bed next to her.
10) 21) dialog: I heard you talking about her in the hall. I knew something was wrong.
10) 23) dialog: What do you mean?
10) 25) dialog: Is she a very good dancer? Sara looks at Susie, at her earnestness and innocence. It shouldn’t, but it comforts her. 19.
10) 27) dialog: Then I bet you’ll hear from her tom- morrow. --Right? Sara finally nods, then smiles, grateful for the comfort.
15) 0) text: Susie and Sara carry Susie’s luggage up to the third floo passing the mirrors Susie saw the day before. She’s now r flected in them from just below.
16) 0) text: They come into a corridor of dormitory-type rooms. Some o the girls are stealing a few moments in their rooms betwe breakfast and rehearsal. When Susie appears on the floor, few come out and introduce themselves. Susie smiles at them, greets them. One older dancer, OLGA (40), who is on a telephone, hears what’s going on and st out to look, but as soon as she sees Susie, she dismisses and goes back to the argument she was having on the phone
16) 3) dialog: I’m glad.
16) 5) dialog: Sara-— Sara turns back.
16) 6) dialog: (re: the room) Is this--?
18) 6) dialog: Oh-- Um. I don’t know! Hello--? (laughing) I’m sorry. I don’t know what to say! Everyone laughs warmly.
19) 8) dialog: I’1l dance. INT. MARKOS COMPANY, CORRIDORS/“MIRRORED” STUDIO -- DAY Olga, bag in hand, comes back down the stairs. Alberta is longer there. Olga hesitates, as if confused. OLGA’S POV: Outside the window, she can see a slice of th street in front of the company. People pass by in their s and autumn coats. That's where she wants to go, but she s gers the slightest bit and then heads in the wrong direct further into the school. There is no one on this floor that she can see. She proce as if in fog, her hands up as if she is having trouble se or concentrating. She turns down a second corridor, furth away from the front of the building. Finally, she turns into a studio fully lined with framed rors floor to ceiling, and on the ceiling as well. INT. MARKOS COMPANY, “IRIS” STUDIO -- DAY Blanc turns to find who’s said this. It was Susie.
19) 9) dialog: I know it.
19) 11) dialog: It was in the documentary. I’ve watched it a hundred times at the library. I know this dance.
19) 13) dialog: I've seen it performed in person, too. In New York. Everyone is cringing for Susie at this point. But she doe back down. 28.
19) 16) dialog: I know this.
19) 26) dialog: I’m not usually dizzy.
19) 28) dialog: I didn’t collapse.
19) 30) dialog: I was trying not to throw up in your studio.
19) 36) dialog: I just went a little while ago--
20) 0) text: Work is being done on the house, shingles are HAMMERED in place. A gaggle of Mennonite girls can be seen playing “C the Whip” outside, laughing in their pastel dresses. There are CARNAL MURMURINGS coming from inside the house, one of the window screens. The girls hear it and come ove peer inside. GIRL’S POV: Young Susie's feet are extending out of the c set. She is lying inside, masturbating. One of the girls runs to fetch someone. In a moment, Susi mother comes in and finds her. SUSIE'S MOTHER is younger here, healthy, not the ravaged man from the opening credits. Susie (13) is lying on her with her Mennonite dress pulled up, bonnet off. Susie’s mother reaches in and yanks Susie up by her hair. Susie steadies herself on the door jamb. Susie’s sisters on in horror from the window. Some of the men have come d off the roof as well to see what’s going on. 33.
20) 1) dialog: It’s all a rhythm, Momma. You draw it with your fingers-- Susie’s mother sees her fingers in the crack in the thin, slatted closet door and pistons it shut. Susie pulls her free and holds it to her mouth, but even then her eyes sm into her mother’s blast of shame.
21) 0) text: Miss Vendegast guides Susie down two flights of stairs an into the staff section of the building. They talk along t way, but the acoustics of the building muffle it. Miss Ve degast knocks on Blanc’s door. After a moment, Blanc answers, wearing now a Japanese sil tunic. She is smiling when she opens the door, but when s sees Susie, it fades.
21) 3) text: INT. MARKOS COMPANY, BLANC’S OFFICE -- NIGHT Madame Blanc’s office is a Beaux-Arts beauty. Its curved walls are painted with a long Japanese garden. A small ta is laid with dinner, which Susie and Blanc are finishing. An arch leads into a dark, smaller circular room that mus Blanc’s private studio. Light from the office glints off kind of lacquered screens there.
21) 5) dialog: Yes. The Amish split from the Menno- nites in the 17th century.
21) 7) dialog: They worried the Mennonites were be- coming too liberal. But they still believe many of the same things.
21) 9) dialog: Adult baptism. Plain clothing. Non- resistance.
21) 12) dialog: I don’t know why we are.
21) 15) dialog: I came here to dance.
21) 17) dialog: I went to New York. To the Martha Graham Center. I saw you there three times.
21) 19) dialog: I went by bus once and hitchhiked the other times.
21) 22) dialog: Of course. A beat. Blanc is moved. She takes Susie’s hand for a mome
21) 24) dialog: I’m lucky you’re doing VOLK. Some of the choreographies makes sense to me, some doesn’t. I remember the ones that make sense. WHITE STAR does. This does. All the solos from
21) 29) dialog: I don’t know how to put it--
21) 31) dialog: It felt like what I think it must feel like to fuck.
21) 33) dialog: No. I was thinking of an animal.
21) 36) dialog: So I can dance the VOLK protagon- ist when you perform it? A beat. Blanc leans back in her chair.
21) 40) dialog: I can do it.
21) 42) dialog: I didn’t know it was going to be like this! She’s so nice. (beat) And she wants me to dance in VOLK. The protagonist! Sara nods, but with less energy than Susie was expecting.
21) 43) dialog: Are you okay?
21) 45) dialog: I’m sorry. I’m on my own little shooting star today. When everyone is so upset-- Sara looks at Susie.
23) 0) text: Susie walks through catacombs in her dream. A font of pur white FLAME lights up the bony corridors as she goes. Her feet are bare. Bodies, bent to every attitude--or collect and stored by part--line every inch of wall and ceiling, leathery, all still. She goes from chamber to chamber. If something catches he eye, she approaches, no matter if it is low or high up it Physics don’t matter here. She peers into the face of a d sed bride hung from the ceiling. She peers into the faces a row of young boys seated on the floor along the wall, a dressed in woolen suits and caps. 41. All the while, the FONT leads her to the sound of HER OWN BREATHING.
25) 0) text: Sara leads Susie down to the first level, past rooms wher members of the Corps are rehearsing with the répétiteurs, then further into the building. They come down a corridor hear some LAUGHTER coming from a further office, but the of the floor is quiet. They find a door marked: “Miss Martincin, Accountant” “Miss Holzmann, Touring Director” It is unlocked. They slip in and close the door silently hind them. INT. MARKOS COMPANY, ACCOUNTANT’S OFFICE -- DAY In a back room of the office, Sara and Susie move to an alcove where there are half a dozen filing cabinets. They all locked. 42. Sara looks through the nearest desk and finds a nail file Miss Martincin’s drawer. She proceeds to slide it into a above the drawer, find the latch, and nudge it open. Susie keeps looking toward the door. The first cabinet is not what they’re looking for. But th second is personnel files, including a file for each danc Sara quickly scans through them.
25) 2) dialog: Try Olga’s. Sara looks.
25) 4) dialog: Maybe Olga will come back on her own, when she cools off.
25) 6) dialog: Blanc may not want her back even if she does come. A dead end. Sara shrugs, not happy. She tosses the nail f back in the drawer and something catches her eye. She pul the desk drawer out even further and finds, in the back: At least a dozen tubes of lipstick, worn to varying degre And at least as many little eye shadows. 43.
26) 0) text: They come silently back out into the corridor. As they tu to head back, another BURST OF LAUGHTER comes from a back fice. There is something mocking in it. Susie takes a step away from Sara to look discreetly arou the next corner. Through a door that’s half open, Susie c see through one office into the next. SUSIE'S POV: Detectives Halle and Moser stand expressionl and naked before Miss Tanner, Miss Huller, and Miss Vende gast, their cocks hanging out. Moser's body is paunchy, w a scar from a bullet wound on his side. Halle has tattoos like a longshoreman and traces of an athletic past lost t beer and schnitzel. Miss Huller steps into view behind Ve degast and Tanner. The women recline in their chairs, cha ting over what they like. AN IMAGE flashes in Susie’s head next: Detective Halle ra up in some kind of web. His mouth is covered with it, so is silent. He hangs in a restless void, in some kind of s tained animal release. Susie steps back out of view, jolted by these images. Sar hasn’t seen what she’s seen, so Susie steers her back tow the staircase to the first floor. Susie looks back once, says nothing.
26) 8) dialog: What is the piece called?
26) 24) dialog: Did anything-- happen to you dur- ing it?
26) 26) dialog: You didn’t feel someone there?
26) 28) dialog: It was Markos. A beat. Sara looks at her.
26) 30) dialog: I don’t know.
26) 32) dialog: I didn’t mean to make you upset--
30) 0) text: The muffled sound of WOMEN LAUGHING, returning from a nig out, can be heard in Sara’s room. Sara is not quite aslee She hears it. It sounds like it’s coming from the opposit direction than the hallway, though. INT. MARKOS COMPANY, SUSIE’S ROOM -- NIGHT Susie is deeply, almost hypnotically, asleep now, deep in dream.
31) 0) text: Susie is naked, sitting on the floor, legs spread, knees chest-to-back in a tight line with the other girls. She c move her arms. She looks and sees the floor is full of sm holes cut out of the wooden studio floor. Women are reach up from below through the holes to hold the girls’ wrists they cannot get up. The room is enormous and dim, but Susie can see other mat around them, staying a few steps back. The other girls ar getting increasingly panicked. Some are crying, begging t let free. A sound is in the room with them. A wet, diseased breathi At the front of the line, a woman floats forward. She is three feet off the ground. She spreads her robes and her vyset, aged torso can be vaguely seen in the dark. Someth is dripping from between her legs. As she levitates over first girl--robes sliding over the girl’s shoulders--the turns her face away from the dripping coming from above, pulsed and afraid. So does the next girl, and the next. T women on the periphery are chanting in the whisper:
32) 0) text: Susie shouts, with urgency and defensiveness:
32) 1) dialog: I know who I am. I KNOW who I AM! 50. Sara is suddenly there, shaking Susie awake.
32) 6) dialog: I’m sorry. I’m-- Did I wake you up?
32) 8) dialog: I never had a sleepover. Just my sisters--
32) 10) dialog: First one back to sleep wins. Susie keeps her eyes open, alert. She’s jolted. And learn
37) 9) dialog: (frustrated) What I really want is to be on the floor here anyway.
37) 11) dialog: At this point, the jumps are oppos- ing the pull of the structure, but it’s soon for that, no? The rolls and ground moves are keeping the o- ther dancers pushed down-- (beat) This could echo that on a slightly higher point of elevation. 55. Susie does a grotesque, fast crawling lope over the floor is a truly strange movement. Blanc watches her, not defen ly, but really listening.
37) 12) dialog: If I stayed close to the ground now and went straight into the leaps where you have them later, isn’t that more to the point? The resis-— tance is more desperate, no? A beat as Blanc considers, then rejects this.
38) 0) text: Sara, Sonia, and Marketa look in on Caroline. She’s propp up in bed, with color in her cheeks. DR. BISCHOFFS (50s) there, consulting with Miss Vendegast. The girls pull on their coats and head downstairs. Susie nowhere around.
40) 0) text: Madame Blanc brings Susie a little further into the compa Susie is doing an admirable job of hiding her nerves, hav no idea what is about to happen next. Blanc says, mildly:
40) 3) dialog: I don’t understand what that means.
40) 5) dialog: That’s beautiful. Your dances are beautiful like that. 58.
40) 8) dialog: Yes, thank you.
40) 10) dialog: You see? Sometimes I only need to be told twice. Blanc’s relief is huge. She laughs, delighted, and in her laugh, you can see the young woman she must’ve been at Su sie’s age. Susie can’t help but laugh as well.
45) 0) text: Sara sits up in her desk chair, trying not to fall asleep She nods off, then snaps awake. She pinches herself, hard nally, she hears what she has been waiting for: MUTED SOU and VOICES like the other night. She gets up and goes to her ear on the wall. It's there, behind the wall. She moves to one corner and on her knees to listen in the corner. It’s louder there. the voices behind the wall pass the room. Sara marks the where she’s listening and the quickly follows the voices. They climbs up the wall until she loses them at the top o the other side. What’s hidden between her and Susie’s room is a stairway.
46) 1) dialog: 
51) 2) dialog: Where’s Sara?
55) 0) text: The dancers are getting fittings and haircuts in preparat Sara is getting her costume altered. Behind her, Miss Mar is cutting Susie’s hair in silence. The chattier MISS BALFOUR (40s) is trimming Caroline’s ha talking to Caroline in French.
57) 0) text: Susie watches in the mirror as Caroline’s hair is swept u and thrown into a garbage pail. Then she watches Miss Mar sweeps hers up, but the woman carries the dust pan full o out of the room.
57) 4) dialog: Sara, calm down--
57) 6) dialog: Whatever you have in your mind, nothing’s wrong. Look at me! Sara!
57) 8) dialog: Nothing horrible is happening, or will happen--
57) 10) dialog: Nothing’s wrong. Believe me. Every- one’s wound up right now. Don’t let it get to you, too. Sara wants badly to believe her. 70. Susie hugs her, and Sara lets her. But Susie’s private ex sion reveals Sara’s words have sunk in.
59) 0) text: Susie is in a plexiglas telecom booth, surrounded by Berl ers in the middle of happier calls. She puts her phone do 72. She's not crying, but she’s frozen, numb, unsure what to to move forward.
59) 4) dialog: Dance. Madame Blanc gets to her feet. INT. MARKOS COMPANY, BLANC’S STUDIO -- NIGHT Blanc takes Susie into her private studio, adjacent to he office. It’s the small, circular studio, with all the lac quered screens. There are no mirrors visible. Susie takes her sweater. Says to Blanc, oddly affectless tonight:
59) 5) dialog: Show me something new. We see Blanc dance for the first time and she talks as sh shows Susie some new movements.
59) 7) dialog: Spells-- Blanc ignores this literal nudge for now. 73.
59) 9) dialog: All of you.
59) 13) dialog: Its hands. I want to be this com- pany’s hands. Blanc seems to like this answer.
60) 0) text: Sara lies awake. She hears Susie return for the night. Af a moment, she gets out of bed. INT. MARKOS COMPANY, RESIDENTS’ CORRIDOR -- NIGHT She comes around the corner to Susie’s door and sees it i closed. There is no light under it. She quietly knocks, b Susie doesn’t answer.
61) 0) text: Susie lies in bed, awake. She hears Sara’s voice whisper:
65) 0) text: Susie sits getting her makeup done by Miss Chalice. She s Sara is not anywhere around.
65) 1) dialog: Have you seen Sara yet?
69) 0) text: The stairway is lit by small electric sconces as she make her way up it, silently as she can. It moves upward past and Susie’s rooms. Then, when it crests the next floor, i begins descending again, widening as it goes, becoming so thing quite grand by the time it reaches the back part of building used by the coven, the “Mutterhaus.”
75) 0) text: Sara runs into the next room, a dark room, the edges of w she cannot see. It’s the room about which Susie dreamed, the holes in the floor, but Sara doesn’t see them in time Within a few steps she puts her leg into one. Her momentu carries her forward and her shin snaps. She shrieks and c es to the ground. She awkwardly gets her leg out and begins to back away fr the door, dragging the it along with her. The matrons com to the room and see her injury.
76) 0) text: The dancers take their places on stage behind the curtain checking last looks in a mirror there. Susie looks back o last time and sees: Sara’s place is still empty.
77) 0) text: The audience is full, except for one ambiguously empty se next to Klemperer. The audience is lit up when the curtai ascends. The DRUMS begin. He tries to find Sara on the st among the company, but can’t. As the company performs VOLK, we cut back and forth betwe the following: Klemperer realizes Sara is missing. He looks around for h finally seeing the only empty seat in the house is next t him. Some of the company matrons positioned around the ro are watching him casually as much as they are watching th performance. He realizes this. Susie slowly lets go of her concern for Sara and becomes dance. Everything begins to fade for Susie except the spe in the air she is creating with her movements, and Blanc is in one of the wings connecting with her in her mind. A is the dance. All is the dance. The piece is remarkable, giving the audience the feeling an entire community shattered, but still functioning. At point, Susie rejects the leaps and goes off-book, incorpo ting the loping crawl she offered in rehearsal. It’s stra and upsetting, but galvanizing to the whole. Miss Tanner, who is standing beside Blanc mutters:
78) 3) dialog: No. (beat) What will they say happened to Sara? 82.
78) 5) dialog: I’m sorry I went off book. Blanc nearly responds, but finally doesn’t. A beat.
78) 6) dialog: It’s all a mess, isn’t it? The mess out there. The one in here. The mess that’s coming. The mess that was. (beat) Why are people always so ready to think the worst is over?
78) 8) dialog: Because you love me? Blanc looks troubled by this, frightened herself.
78) 10) dialog: For everything.
81) 0) text: The company is given the back tables at a busy cafe. Susie sits at one end with Sonia, Marketa, and Doll. The matrons gather at the other. Blanc is there, as are Tanne Mandel, and Millius. Vendegast sits beside Danielle, who’ high laugh has already begun. Miss Huller and Pavla are n present.
83) 0) text: The girls eat and drink everything in front of them. The rons have ordered food, but none of them touch it. 85. Susie notices this, but no one else seems to. She puts he fork down and abstains as well.
85) 0) text: The girls are quite drunk now. Susie notices Blanc lookin her and the other matrons looking at the girls with growi excitement. Tanner is making her way around the table, to ing each girl as she goes, rendering each one a little th er in affect, hazier in look, beginning a process of mesm zation. She does not touch Susie. 86. The BREATHING in Susie’s head is growing louder, but she seems no longer even intimidated by it. It’s simply the s of something coming now, possibly something great.
85) 1) dialog: I‘’1l go walk in the streets. Blanc is looking at her, as if she might cry. After a bea her thoughts responds. Susie can hear them now.
87) 0) text: Susie begins to walk, taking in the early stirring of Ber night life. As she walks, the BREATHING is with her, but thing odd begins happening as well. Her awareness begins focus on little moments of sadness or aggression. She can hear a couple arguing quietly a block away.
89) 0) text: Susie has gone into a shop and eats an ice cream sundae i the front window, like a child might, watching the parade history pass by outside.
90) 0) text: Susie comes in from the snowy night to find the building ty and silent. She can occasionally hear a BURST OF LAUGH from far, far away. She climbs the stairs, the dust of cl snow melting on the shoulders of her coat.
91) 0) text: She can now definitely hear there is a GREAT PARTY going somewhere behind the walls. No one else is on the floor, this doesn’t surprise Susie. INT. MARKOS COMPANY, SUSIE’S ROOM -- NIGHT Susie comes into her room to find, laid out on her bed, a long, simple shift dress. As she is putting it on, the li wavers outside her door and she can see the small font of white flame there, waiting.
92) 0) text: Susie finds her way into the Mutterhaus, led by the font. climbs the secret stairs and finds the approach. She come to the tube room, then through the room of holes. Beyond it, there are more stairs. All the light and noise coming from below now. She will see it in a moment.
93) 0) text: Susie comes down a set of stairs that lead to another. Th first is part of the building, but the second-- Blanc and a bent woman, misshapen with disease and suppor by matrons, wait near the top of this final staircase. 89. From here there is a view of all below. Susie sees a grea room in which a hideous, raucous tableau is taking place. All the matrons are seated around the huge triangular tab The table is now set with all nature of arcane dishes and crockery. They are feasting. The feasting room has three stone arches leading to a vast and separate darkness in e direction. Susie notices Klemperer, stripped naked now, has been put the center space inside the triangle the table forms. The matrons taunt him, summoning him from one to the next whe he is made to eat victuals off of their plates--some of w look like stool, some like organs, perhaps from animals, haps not. He is muttering:
93) 2) text: The dead girls serve the matrons who, in turn, needle int the girls’ open palms with special tines so the girls’ de blood sauces their plates. Some of the matrons have noticed Susie at the top of the stairs as well. They raise they cups in her direction, wi toasts and great, heaving smiles.
93) 4) dialog: I’m ready, Madame. Blanc nods, but doesn’t respond. Susie says to her direct
93) 5) dialog: You look afraid. Markos laughs. It is the sound of amused air climbing pas whatever tumors lie within.
93) 7) dialog: I came here for this. I know that now. Susie holds out her hand. Blanc takes it.
93) 8) dialog: I want what’s coming. (beat) You've all waited long enough. Markos gives her an almost lascivious look. Susie listens MARKOS’ LABORED BREATHING. This is not the breathing she’ had in her head all this time. This speaks only of illnes not of the entire language Susie has been hearing within sighs. Then Markos slowly raises a hand. Within seconds, the wom below all see the gesture and quiet.
93) 13) dialog: Death.
93) 15) dialog: A ritual. To renew you.
93) 17) dialog: I do.
93) 22) dialog: I can be both. 92. Blanc looks at Susie, then at Markos.
93) 24) dialog: I do.
93) 29) dialog: Yes. 93.
93) 31) dialog: I am the Mother. Markos looks down at her, not sure she’s heard correctly. The dancing and singing is frantic, but the witches are n prepared for what happens next. Something black and dripp with the energy of its passage into the world rides out o the space beneath the arch and is suddenly in the room wi them. Some of the matrons SCREAM and move back from it. It’s cl nothing like this has been seen before in these rooms. Ot are steadfast and continue dancing, terrified, some withi feet of it. The mesmerized, blindfolded girls remain in t dance unaware. Markos herself is looking at the black thing in confused She glances over at Blanc, concerned now that Blanc is be this, or understands it. But it is Susie who looks up at Markos.
93) 32) dialog: You've played at this long enough. Markos opens her mouth in shock. She hisses:
93) 34) dialog: Whom were you anointed for? Which of the Three?
93) 36) dialog: I am she. At the bottom of the stairs, the girl dressed as Mother S spiriorum hears this and takes off her mask. It is Sara. looks up at Susie, and holds out the mask. Reverently.
93) 38) dialog: Death to any other Mother. The black form hears this and spares no glance around, bu carries itself up the stairs, past a terrified Klemperer, ward Markos, low to the ground like Susie’s improvisation fast as the shadow of an eclipse crossing the land. As it climbs, two things happen simultaneously: INT. OHIO FARMHOUSE, ADULTS’ BEDROOM -- DAY Mrs. Bannion lies, dazed and pale, in her sick bed. Sever neighbor women have collected there and are quietly singi HYMN. Mrs. Bannion fades in and out, in a dream or memory A young Susie (10) is in home school class. She is meant be memorizing a map of the United States, but keeps turni her workbook back to another page. The girl wants to look the shapes of Europe instead. Mrs. Bannion, who is teachi her, snaps the page back, impatiently, as if for the tent time. She hisses:
94) 0) text: Death reaches Markos, rears up, and tears through the wom meager magical defenses, then through her flesh. Susie ge slowly to her feet to watch. When it is finished, it goes loping back down the stairs every Markosite in the room. They see it coming and SCREA Miss Mandel and Millius, Miss Balfour, Miss Huller, Miss Marks, Pavla, Miss Verdigast, and Alberta. The black thin cuts them down in its killing ebb, leaving the Blancites touched. Then is uncoils into the void beyond. Tanner is spared. She’s weeping, weeping. The remaining witches find their voices and begin to scream praises. Th thought they were about to witness the rebirth of their leader Helena Markos, and instead they have seen the arri of one of the very Mothers they have only read about for turies.
95) 0) text: Susie is walking down the center of the street through th snow. It SQUEALS under her boots. Lights are burning in s windows, but not many people are out yet. She walks with gait and confidence that is itself nearly a dance. This i her city now, its people her people.