94) 3) dialog: I am here now! I am with you! Their eyes are rimmed with white. They dance for a time u Susie recognizes they are sad in their state.
94) 5) dialog: What do you ask?
94) 8) dialog: What do you ask?
94) 10) dialog: It is beautiful! Beautiful! Contin- ue the dance! The dancers wind back up again, but with a force that giv the impression Susie is controlling them now. She enters dance, leads it, leads it into the air, with no underfoot overhead, just circles and circles of power. Klemperer is watching all of this unfold, his mind at the edge of ruin.
97) 3) dialog: << Wait on the stairs. >> The housekeeper, coming into her fright, goes. Susie enters. Klemperer’s eyes follow her into the room a to a chair beside the bed. He is shaking. The light from window is behind her now, casting her nearly in silhouett SUSIE/MOTHER SUSPIRIORUM (CONT’D) I’ve been thinking about you. I wasn’t yet in a position to prevent what my daughters did to you, but I regret it. Truly. I want to make it up if I can. I brought a gift. (beat) You deserve to know what happened.
97) 5) dialog: Your wife tried to make it south to Teplice. But she was apprehended by border guards in the woods outside Glashiitte and taken, finally, to Te- rezin instead. Theresienstadt camp. Klemperer’s eyes are already tearing up with this confirm tion of his worst nightmare. He clamps them shut. When he opens them, he is looking at the bedside table beside the where the cut up pear sits in a dish with the knife. It i not a big knife, but it is sharp. And it’s within reach. SUSIE/MOTHER SUSPIRIORUM (CONT’D) She lived there only twenty days. On the 11th of November, 1943, the Commandant of the camp, a man named Burger, ordered all 40,000 detained there to stand in the cold for a census. Hours passed. Most were nak- ed. Some hundreds died of exposure. CLOSE ON: Under the lids, Susie’s eyes move here and ther if she is seeing what she’s describing. SUSIE/MOTHER SUSPIRIORUM (CONT’D) Your wife had two women with her as she died, who told her she was not alone: An elderly secretary from Denmark and a woman from Moravia, whom your wife had befriended. Her final moments were spent thinking of a birthday in which you sur- prised her by taking her to hear a concert. Chopin and Brahms. It was the first time you held her hand. She was not afraid. Her thoughts were of you. Only of you. Susie reaches the end and opens her eyes, back in her mor form. She sees: Klemperer is crying through all of this, rockin with silent, hopeless sobs. Hope, even hope scraped thin, preferable to him than this. She savors his pain. SUSIE/MOTHER SUSPIRIORUM (CONT’D) Be calm, doctor. That’s not the gift. Susie leans in and takes his hand. 99. SUSIE/MOTHER SUSPIRIORUM (CONT’D) Of Anke-- Of Patricia-- Of Sara-- Of me-- Of all the women of your un- doing-- When I touch your face, ev- ery memory of them will go. They’1ll melt in the sun and be gone. She doesn’t ask him if he’s ready. She touches the place in front of his ear. Then she gets up to leave him to the attendant seizure. Before she goes, though, she reaches into the bedclothes finds the knife he’s taken from the bedside table and re- turns it so he doesn’t accidentally cut himself. He bucks and spasms in his bed. Once Susie is gone, Frau ame rushes to his bedside.