9) 13) dialog: (Indicating meteor) This is gonna be like having a gold mine in our own back yard!
9) 18) dialog: (Calling back) It's still pretty darned hot!
9) 19) dialog: He shields his face, reaching out, probing with his shovel trying to determine the size of the meteor. TWO SHOT - CLAYTON AND SYLVIA - HIS CAR IN B.G. He is looking toward the gully. She now has a ciga- rette. They pause as she begins looking for matches.
9) 46) dialog: Boy - you could fry eggs on it!
43) 5) text: The initial phase between man's weapons and the Martian machines. The first Martian is out of the gully on the burned-off field. The second is just clear of the gully. The third has started to follow. a. Special Effect - Full Shot - Gully. Increasing shell and rocket fire bursting viciously about the Martians. Short, blue jets are flashing out around the turret heads of the machines. These merge to form an impalpable, electro- magnetic envelope which drops all around to the ground. b. Special Effect - Close Shot - First Machine. Rays SCREAM from it, lashing in every direction. c. Recoilless 75's - Close Shot. Muzzles Flash. d. Rocket-launcher - Close Shot. In rapid suc- cession, rockets roar toward the Martians. e. Tank - Med. Shot. It's gun bucks violently slamming an armor-piercing shell at the Mar- tians. f. Machine-gun Nest - Close Shot. 50 cal. machine- gun chatters furiously, spitting a stream of tracer shells. g. Bazookas - Close Shot. In a sharp volley, a group of bazookas let go with HE charges. h. Mortars - Close Shot. In rapid succession, Marines drop Napalm charges into the big muz- zles of the mortars. Instantly the charges fly high in the air in the direction of the enemy. in Special Effect - Martian Machines. Projectiles burst against their almost invisible protective envelopes. Others ricochet off, exploding harm- lessly in the air beyond. Napalm charges burst around them, obscuring the machines in huge
109) 0) text: Clayton dog-trots into scene. It is beginning to get dark. We see debris from a hasty road-block placed by a mob - chairs, settee, furniture dragged out of a nearby store. To the side of the road is one of the pickups from Pacific-Tech, distinguished by its color, overturned, its load spilled, wheels buckled, jammed between a telephone pole and shop front. Strewn on the road are piles of papers, books, files and instruments thrown off the other Pacific-Tech vehicles. Clayton stares around, sees something and hurries to pick up a yellow board: SCHOOL BUS - Southridge. He holds it, looking around. The road is scattered with baggage thrown off the little bus. A car streaks past, heavily laden and going fast. Three bicyclists follow, pedaling hard, possessions tied all over themselves and their machines. One wobbles, but recovers. Clayton starts forward, hesitates, still holding the yellow board.