22) 0) text: Beyond is a windbreak of eucalyptus trees and a low earth bank. Parked on the side road is a remote- control truck from the KGEB radio station. A few reporters and cameramen are on the black-top road, gazing out over open ground toward the gully. CAMERA favors the KGEB REPORTER - ex-newsman, high- wire and alert, sharkskin suit and Panama hat. He has a portable mike, is interviewing PROFESSOR 86. 87. OGILVY - a youngish, half-bald intellectual. Clayton stands by. Near them is the Sheriff and Marine COLONEL HEFFNER - easy-mannered, tough.
26) 6) dialog: It'll drop a flare -- that's the only way we dare put a light on them. Then Air Force cameramen will get pictures.
27) 2) dialog: (Looking up, quietly) Yes! He's signalling.
30) 0) text: The Colonel and the KGEB reporter flatten out to- gether behind the low earth bank. Burning twigs and leaves fall about them. Clayton cranes to look out with the Colonel. The reporter yaks into his mike.
30) 2) dialog: It looks like they're going to come out of that gully pretty soon ...! We'd better build a shelter and be ready when they do.
30) 4) dialog: We'll get ‘em. (Calling off) Lieutenant.
32) 0) text: An opening in the sandbag breastwork for observation high in the forward end. Storm lanterns provide light. A huge tarpaulin is stretched over the revet- ment as a roof and pulled down to cover the opening, which overlooks the Martians in the gully beyond. A field telephone switchboard and field telegraph have been set up. On some boxes is an enlarged con- tour map of the immediate territory, showing Linda Rosa, surrounding roads, the site of the Martian pit. A LIEUTENANT and a sergeant work on this map, placing units as they report in position. A CAPTAIN is on the phone. constantly pass messages. telegraph key. All are in atmosphere is alive, action of dispatch bearers tense. Communications men at other phones A sergeant operates a full battle dress. The There is constant b.g. coming and going. As Sylvia and Clayton come the Colonel is brief- ing officers at the map. in,
32) 1) dialog: Locate your observation post on this hill. Position your recoilless 75's back here - Caroon Canyon. (To another officer) I want your battery here. You may find at daylight that you're too exposed -- so keep your prime movers ready to pull you out fast. (Smiling) But you'll get first crack at ‘em.
32) 3) dialog: Yes. (As the lieutenant hands a phone) Report when you're set up. Sylvia passes around coffee and doughnuts. Clayton takes two mugs, bringing one across to the Colonel.
32) 4) dialog: (At phone) Half-tracks?...Okay. Get in back of hill Thuh-ree. Follow up from there if it's a moving target... Roger! He takes coffee from Clayton with one hand and a Signal Corps message with the other.
32) 5) dialog: 
32) 9) dialog: (To Clayton, pointing to map) There's one - there's the other, and we're right between them!
32) 11) dialog: I warned you Civil Defense people to be ready if you have to evacuate.
33) 1) dialog: (Moving to meet him) General Mann -- I was told to expect you, sir. I'm Colonel Heffner.
33) 9) dialog: Not all. Radio is out. But our field phones are okay so far.
34) 4) dialog: (Confident - smiling) We will, sir!
34) 8) dialog: My orders are not to go into action unless they make a move out of there.
34) 10) dialog: Thank you, sir. If they start anything, we can blast them right off the earth!
37) 0) text: Favoring Clayton, Pastor Collins, General Mann and the Colonel. All crowded to the opening in the sandbags. The General and the Colonel use field glasses.
37) 3) dialog: (Quietly) Stand by to fire.
37) 6) dialog: It's always been a good persuader.
39) 0) text: No sound except the telegraph key repeating a signal over and over. No movement save for Sylvia, f.g., refilling coffee cups. General Mann, the Colonel, Clayton and the Sheriff crouched by the opening.
39) 1) dialog: (Suddenly) Who's that?!
39) 5) dialog: (Choked voice) What's he think he's doing?
42) 0) text: SHOOTING from outside the observation opening. Sylvia is CLOSE in f.g., horrified, unbelieving, supported by Clayton. The Colonel whirls toward the switchboard.
42) 1) dialog: Let 'em have it!
46) 2) dialog: (Shouting to Captain) Order all command posts - everything pull back north of Highway Sixty tunnel bunker!
47) 1) dialog: (At observation opening - yelling) They're going to roll right through here. Sheriff - get into Linda Rosa. Tell Civil Defense - evacuate everybody! Clayton, at the opening, watches the approaching machines, absorbed by them. A heat-ray slashes near, casting its ruddy glare. Shreds of the burning tar- paulin fall. Sylvia grabs him, pulling him down.
47) 2) dialog: Doctor Forrester - get out of here! He literally jerks Clayton and Sylvia to their feet, shoving them toward the rear. COLONEL (Cont'd) Everybody out! The Air Force'll take care of these babies now! (Runs toward CAMERA) Everybody out --- Everybody ---- He is in EXTREME CLOSEUP, shouting. The red heat-ray seems to envelope him in a blaze of color, SCREAMING. Suddenly the SCREEN explodes into deadly blue-green - the disintegrating beam! The Colonel's shout is frozen on his lips. The skeletal structure of his head glows incandescent -- greenish-white -- through the flesh of his face. In an instant he vanishes into a shred of blue-green vapor which swirls and is lost in the ruddy flames of the ray.
80) 12) dialog: No, Mr. Secretary. We've had nothing from San Francisco for over five hours.