82) 0) text: A group of Pacific-Tech doctors and assistants are sorting out anti-radiation suits, rubber gloves, Geiger counters, masks and special equipment. They are modern scientists, natural in manner, alert. Dr. Pryor - high man in aerodynamics - turns sharply as Clayton comes in with Sylvia. A gray-haired man faces around with him - DR. DuBROCK, Nobel prize- winner in physics.
117) 0) text: Sylvia and Clayton are standing on the steps. Still. Listening with everyone else. The Doctor comes for- ward to look out. Sylvia gasps suddenly, holding tightly to Clayton. A woman near her points o.s., SCREAMING wildly.
122) 0) text: Clayton moves out. The Doctor follows with Sylvia. The Rev. Bethany moves out. Others follow. Clayton pauses, looking o.s. Others look with him.
123) 0) text: A REVERSE ANGLE, with the downed Martian machine in f.g. People from the church begin to approach the machine, but they are wary and keep their distance. Clayton leads the way with the Doctor. Suddenly Clayton gestures and they all stop and look off past the f.g. machine.
126) 0) text: The Doctor straightens up from his examination of the Martian. There is a strained look of awe on his face as he looks off toward the now silent city.
126) 1) dialog: (Low-voiced) We were all praying for a miracle... The SHOT WIDENS to include the forefront of the crowd. Reverend Bethany, the choir boy, Clayton, Sylvia, all waiting on his words. They, too, look off, listening.
127) 0) text: The Doctor is center of the group.
127) 1) dialog: After everything men could do has failed - the Martians are being killed by the littlest things that God, in His wisdom, has put upon the earth. People are looking at him. At one another.
127) 2) dialog: (Quietly) The Martians come from a sterilized world. They have no resistance to diseases from which we are immune. (To Reverend Bethany) This one died of septicema. Anaerobic baccili. (To Clayton - grim, glad) An embolism of his overdeveloped brain has burst an artery - killed him and saved us! They're doomed - all of them. Germ are killing them! CAMERA MOVES IN on the faces of the crowd. Hardly believing what has happened. Beginning to hope. Wonder and gladness growing.