1) 0) text: A fire LOOKOUT and his deputy, FIDDLER HAWKINS - round-faced, hearty - are seated at a small table by a big window, playing cards. Behind them is an Osborne fire-finder. On a shelf are cans of tobacco, fruit, coffee, a pipe, magazines. The lookout's glance goes upward to the sky and is held there.
3) 15) dialog: (Reading firefinder) One sixty... thirty.
7) 0) text: Clayton Forrester, Pryor, Bilderbeck, sitting by the fire, eating. All the makings of a meal are on a nearby box: coffee, rolls, butter, honey, canned fruit, fried tomatoes. Extra helpings of fish simmer in the pan. A beat-up station wagon lurches out of the darkness in b.g. The three look up, surprised. Fiddler, the deputy ranger from the lookout post, alights
7) 1) dialog: (Calling) I got a message for you. (Moving in) You're the guys from Pacific-Tech, ain't you?
7) 3) dialog: (Eyeing pan) Looks like the fishing was good.
7) 5) dialog: (Eagerly - hitching over a box) Well...I might just do that...!
7) 7) dialog: (Talking between grabs) It's about that meteor. They say it's a whopper. The District Officer phoned us at the lookout up on the summit. Thought you might be interested... It's ten or twelve miles from here - over by Linda Rosa.
7) 9) dialog: (Gesturing with fish on his fork) That's right - came down in kinda spurts, didn't it? (Gobbles fish) You fellers'll have to figure it out. You're scientists (Puts down fork- plucks cigarette from Bilderbeck's shirt pocket) All I know - they say it's as big as a house and practically red hot.
7) 14) dialog: (Glancing) No. I'll smoke it later. He tucks the cigarette behind his ear and goes on eating.
9) 0) text: Sylvia is sitting behind the wheel in Pastor Collins’ car. The Pastor is talking to the uniformed Ranger. With them are Wash Perry, Alonzo Hogue, Salvador, Fiddler. A handful of people is scattered in b.g., eyeing the meteor, talking about it.
9) 4) dialog: That's twelve feet thick, easy. Maybe more.
9) 8) dialog: Ice cream, cold drinks, souvenirs!
9) 12) dialog: What's the idea, Buck? Gonna dig for gold?
11) 0) text: Very CLOSE on Fiddler Hawkins, sweating, calling the dance, holding violin.
11) 1) dialog: (Raucous) A hickory limp and an ole burned stump - Go meet your honey and everybody jump! CAMERA PULLS BACK. Fiddler wears Levis, embroidered shirt. With him is a guitar player in a dress-up Western outfit. Everybody's stomping. Girls in tight bodices, swirling skirts, bows in their hair, Men in T-shirts, suits and shirtsleeves, Levis, fron- tier pants and cowboy boots. FIDDLER (Cont'd) Now promenade two and promenade four - Promenade that pretty gal all around the floor. CAMERA PICKS UP Clayton and Sylvia promenading arm in arm in a SET which includes the Sheriff. Clayton 37. 38. 39. 40. wears tan gabardine slacks, fresh shirt, tie with a Western motif. He is clean-shaven. Sylvia wears a forget-me-not cotton print, with style to it. Clayton is not an accomplished square dancer, but he isn't bad. Sylvia checks his wrong move in response to the next rollicking call. He laughs. They both enjoy this.
13) 0) text: Favoring Sylvia, sitting on a bench against the wall, fanning herself with a lace handkerchief. Clayton comes to her between guys, wiping sweat. Girls fix- ing shaken hair-do's. People arguing about who ruined the square. Clayton has two soft drinks with straws, hands one bottle to Sylvia, drops on the bench beside her. Fiddler's VOICE comes over SCENE.
14) 5) dialog: (At a window) Hey, look! - look! Every light in the town's gone out.
18) 0) text: The cars belonging to Fiddler and the others are gray, ashy shapes, collapsed. Hardly recognizable except for their tires, which leave a darker residue. Bushes and grass are still burning around.