14) 9) dialog: What they sayin', honey? (Removing ear-plug) Somep'n's gone wrong with my hear- ing aid!
33) 0) text: SHOOTING toward the rear as GENERAL MANN comes in -- fiftyish, clipped mustache, wearing neat khaki. Carries field glasses. His aide, a young MAJOR, follows him.
37) 0) text: Favoring Clayton, Pastor Collins, General Mann and the Colonel. All crowded to the opening in the sandbags. The General and the Colonel use field glasses.
39) 0) text: No sound except the telegraph key repeating a signal over and over. No movement save for Sylvia, f.g., refilling coffee cups. General Mann, the Colonel, Clayton and the Sheriff crouched by the opening.
44) 0) text: Clayton, Sylvia and others duck below the shelter of the sandbags as a heat-ray HOWLS close past the com- mand post. CAMERA MOVES IN on Clayton and General Mann, shouting above the uproar.
45) 0) text: Parked jeeps, General Mann's car, a few Marines, the Red Cross truck. The heat-ray slashes through them, hits the revetment and swings away. Men fall in ashes, jeeps glow and burn, the Red Cross truck and General Mann's car are singed and blazing. The huge tarp stretched over the revetment blazes.
46) 0) text: The inclosure is a madhouse - men trying to extinguish burning switchboards - the lieutenant gathering up the scorched maps - the captain shouting uselessly into the field phone - Clayton up by the opening using the field glasses, Sylvia and the Sheriff crouched near him. General Mann and his aide rush out.
60) 0) text: It belongs to the Chief of Army Information. General Mann's aide is talking into a phone in b.g. The General faces the civilian group which includes police and fire chiefs, Pacific Electric and other trans- portation officials, Air Raid wardens, Red Cross.
60) 12) dialog: (After a pause, low, fast) I'd say our effective losses were nearly sixty percent men and ninety percent materiel! (Grimly) The new delta-wing jets went in, but not one of them came out. I watched high-level bombers drop everything they carried. They were knocked out of the sky and the bombs did nothing.
61) 0) text: General Mann at phone, his aide in b.g.
80) 0) text: A reception area occupies the floor around the map on the table. In this area, and in rooms off it, are batteries of teletypes, phones, wirephoto machines. Present are high Army, Air Force, Navy and Marine Corps brass, with a colorful scattering of worried foreign attaches - phoning, conferring, arguing. Seated personnel receive messages and use phones to direct the workers at the map. CAMERA MOVES IN on a big group near a wall covered with pull-down maps, listening to General Mann. His aide stands near, holding colored chalks. There is a control-bank of TV screens close by, lifeless.
93) 0) text: CAMERA is on the Radar truck. The sergeant bolts out the rear door, runs toward General Mann and the scien- tists, CAMERA PANNING with him. All are standing tensely, looking OFF toward the Martian nest.
106) 3) dialog: (Desperate) Let me up there!
106) 5) dialog: (Hanging on, gasping) I'll give you five hundred dollars for your place! (Wild) I'll make it a thousand! Two!
107) 1) dialog: Strewn on the pavement is the precious debris the mob left. The shattered barrel of an electron micro- scope - biochemical vials, spilled and shattered - electric induction furnace - laboratory cameras - electronic tubes - microscopes - books - the jars and containers of organic chemistry. The well- dressed man is scrabbling among this wreckage as Clayton comes into SCENE.
107) 8) dialog: My whole life's savings...Now it won't even buy a ride on a truck! Slowly he stands up. Suddenly he grabs a big fistful of bills and jewels from the bag.
107) 9) dialog: (Twisted) You want five thousand dollars... ten...twenty? (Tosses bills toward Clayton, throws down the bag) Help yourself -- there's a hundred thousand in there! He turns and starts after the mob. Clayton eyes the ruin around him. He picks up a shattered microscope, looking from it to the way he has come. Again he looks at the debris of the instruments, hopeless. He 270. turns to the way he was traveling and lets the micro- scope fall from his hand as he starts away, beginning to run. CAMERA ANGLES to PICK UP the money and broken instruments. It MOVES CLOSE on the shattered micro- scope as we