0) 6) text: No one gave a thought to the older worlds as a source of human danger. Yet across the gulf of space, on the planet Mars... Now Mars has grown big and ruddy-colored. Mysterious canals revealed. Vegetation patches shadowy. One thin polar cap shimmering.
2) 0) text: Near a stream, beyond which, through trees, is a broad meadow. Small tent. A lantern hangs froma branch. Waders hang on another limb. Beyond, in the meadow, rests a small Stinson cabin plane. Near the tent, a convertible is parked. A small, round, bald man - BILDERBECK - is frying trout in a pan over the fire, his hatband decorated with pretty flies. A younger man - PRYOR - is coming from the direction of the stream, with clean- ed trout strung on a stick. A third man - CLAYTON FORRESTER - butch haircut and hornrims - is sitting on a log, working over his tackle, looking skyward. He calls. The others look with him. 10. 11. 12. 13. 14. 15.
3) 0) text: The small-town, California audience is breaking after the last show. Among them are two young parents, the father carrying a sleeping baby. Teen-agers head for the ice-cream parlor next door. A lost kid is bawling on the sidewalk. A man on a ladder is adding “Held Over" to the marquee which features "Samson and Delilah." Like most the others, he is looking at the sky. The CAMERA PICKS UP SYLVIA VAN BUREN - twenty-six, normal, nice, admiring the sleeping baby. Near her is PASTOR COLLINS - white-haired. He is gazing at the sky as he touches Sylvia's arm. She looks and stands staring.
8) 0) text: The meteor still lies in the gully, heat-hazed, a little thin smoke rising, burned grass and bushes in b.g. On the bank of the gully, a woman is kodaking two kids against the b.g. of the meteor. Beyond, a few old cars and a station wagon have pulled off the dirt road; nearby is Pastor Collins’ three-year- old Plymouth.
22) 0) text: Beyond is a windbreak of eucalyptus trees and a low earth bank. Parked on the side road is a remote- control truck from the KGEB radio station. A few reporters and cameramen are on the black-top road, gazing out over open ground toward the gully. CAMERA favors the KGEB REPORTER - ex-newsman, high- wire and alert, sharkskin suit and Panama hat. He has a portable mike, is interviewing PROFESSOR 86. 87. OGILVY - a youngish, half-bald intellectual. Clayton stands by. Near them is the Sheriff and Marine COLONEL HEFFNER - easy-mannered, tough.
31) 0) text: A huge truck loaded with troops thunders past CAMERA. Its passing uncovers the hastily erected sandbag revet- ment for the command post. Nearby is an ambulance, a Red Cross canteen truck with two women in uniform working, several jeeps waiting with motors running. Two jeeps start away in different directions. A jeep rolls into SCENE, laying wire.
33) 0) text: SHOOTING toward the rear as GENERAL MANN comes in -- fiftyish, clipped mustache, wearing neat khaki. Carries field glasses. His aide, a young MAJOR, follows him.
37) 0) text: Favoring Clayton, Pastor Collins, General Mann and the Colonel. All crowded to the opening in the sandbags. The General and the Colonel use field glasses.
39) 0) text: No sound except the telegraph key repeating a signal over and over. No movement save for Sylvia, f.g., refilling coffee cups. General Mann, the Colonel, Clayton and the Sheriff crouched by the opening.
43) 5) text: The initial phase between man's weapons and the Martian machines. The first Martian is out of the gully on the burned-off field. The second is just clear of the gully. The third has started to follow. a. Special Effect - Full Shot - Gully. Increasing shell and rocket fire bursting viciously about the Martians. Short, blue jets are flashing out around the turret heads of the machines. These merge to form an impalpable, electro- magnetic envelope which drops all around to the ground. b. Special Effect - Close Shot - First Machine. Rays SCREAM from it, lashing in every direction. c. Recoilless 75's - Close Shot. Muzzles Flash. d. Rocket-launcher - Close Shot. In rapid suc- cession, rockets roar toward the Martians. e. Tank - Med. Shot. It's gun bucks violently slamming an armor-piercing shell at the Mar- tians. f. Machine-gun Nest - Close Shot. 50 cal. machine- gun chatters furiously, spitting a stream of tracer shells. g. Bazookas - Close Shot. In a sharp volley, a group of bazookas let go with HE charges. h. Mortars - Close Shot. In rapid succession, Marines drop Napalm charges into the big muz- zles of the mortars. Instantly the charges fly high in the air in the direction of the enemy. in Special Effect - Martian Machines. Projectiles burst against their almost invisible protective envelopes. Others ricochet off, exploding harm- lessly in the air beyond. Napalm charges burst around them, obscuring the machines in huge
44) 0) text: Clayton, Sylvia and others duck below the shelter of the sandbags as a heat-ray HOWLS close past the com- mand post. CAMERA MOVES IN on Clayton and General Mann, shouting above the uproar.
45) 0) text: Parked jeeps, General Mann's car, a few Marines, the Red Cross truck. The heat-ray slashes through them, hits the revetment and swings away. Men fall in ashes, jeeps glow and burn, the Red Cross truck and General Mann's car are singed and blazing. The huge tarp stretched over the revetment blazes.
46) 0) text: The inclosure is a madhouse - men trying to extinguish burning switchboards - the lieutenant gathering up the scorched maps - the captain shouting uselessly into the field phone - Clayton up by the opening using the field glasses, Sylvia and the Sheriff crouched near him. General Mann and his aide rush out.
59) 0) text: CAMERA is on a CORNER NEWSSTAND. Tip-sheets and papers are clipped around the front, sides and to a wire between uprights. Headlines: MEN FROM MARS - Europe Cities Blasted - KILLER RAYS; MARS MACHINES IN CALIFORNIA - Fighting Near L.A. - U.S. INVADED - MARTIAN THREAT. A little crowd on the sidewalk reads papers avidly. Cars stop at the curb to buy others. An elderly woman sits behind the newsstand, knitting, hawking her sensations. 165. 167.
60) 0) text: It belongs to the Chief of Army Information. General Mann's aide is talking into a phone in b.g. The General faces the civilian group which includes police and fire chiefs, Pacific Electric and other trans- portation officials, Air Raid wardens, Red Cross.
61) 0) text: General Mann at phone, his aide in b.g.
80) 0) text: A reception area occupies the floor around the map on the table. In this area, and in rooms off it, are batteries of teletypes, phones, wirephoto machines. Present are high Army, Air Force, Navy and Marine Corps brass, with a colorful scattering of worried foreign attaches - phoning, conferring, arguing. Seated personnel receive messages and use phones to direct the workers at the map. CAMERA MOVES IN on a big group near a wall covered with pull-down maps, listening to General Mann. His aide stands near, holding colored chalks. There is a control-bank of TV screens close by, lifeless.
82) 0) text: A group of Pacific-Tech doctors and assistants are sorting out anti-radiation suits, rubber gloves, Geiger counters, masks and special equipment. They are modern scientists, natural in manner, alert. Dr. Pryor - high man in aerodynamics - turns sharply as Clayton comes in with Sylvia. A gray-haired man faces around with him - DR. DuBROCK, Nobel prize- winner in physics.
83) 0) text: CLOSE ON a big microscope with twin eye-pieces. DR. GRATZMAN is looking up from it - biochemist and research man, alert, red-haired. CAMERA BEGINS TO PULL BACK as he speaks.
84) 0) text: They are all moving toward the door. Clayton pauses by the microscope, glancing toward Gratzman.
93) 0) text: CAMERA is on the Radar truck. The sergeant bolts out the rear door, runs toward General Mann and the scien- tists, CAMERA PANNING with him. All are standing tensely, looking OFF toward the Martian nest.
100) 0) text: A police car coming slowly down the street. Red blinker working. Siren going furiously. It has a windshield sticker: Civil Defense. Following the police car is a pick-up, with a loud- speaker horn. A man with a Civil Defense armband stands in the truck, shouting into mike.
106) 4) dialog: (Shoving) Get off!
106) 6) dialog: (Shoving him off) Money's no good no more, bud!
107) 3) dialog: I don't know. There was fighting up the street.
107) 6) dialog: If they saw it, they took it! They take anything on wheels. You can't buy transportation for love or money... (Pausing) Money...!
113) 0) text: CAMERA is CLOSE on Clayton as he opens the doors and pauses, looking off. The SINGING reaches a CRESCENDO and dies away. The SHOT WIDENS and CAMERA PANS with Clayton to people standing near the door. Light in the church comes from kerosene lamps and candles placed wherever they will stand - on pew-ends, window-ledges. CAMERA FOLLOWS Clayton, as he looks anxiously about. The congregation is a scattered gathering of distressed humanity. Those who couldn't run - children, cripples, the sick, aged - and those who felt it was useless to run. They make groups and clusters in the aisles and benches and pews. The church is full of quiet movement - first-aid for the injured, water for the faint, comforting children, soothing babies. The VOICE OF the MINISTER is lifted in prayer. Mumbled 'Amens' join, above the RUMBLE of destruction, growing with the Martian advance. MINISTER'S VOICE (0.s.) We humbly beseech Thy divine guidance, © Lord. Deliver us from the fear which has come upon us - the evil that draws ever nearer - from the terror that will soon knock at the very door of this, Thy house. We pray Thee, Lord - grant us the miracle of Thy divine intervention.... Clayton begins to back out. A Deacon catches his arm. 283a.
114) 0) text: CAMERA is CLOSE on a statue of St. Anthony with the Infant Jesus, dimly lit by flickering candles. CAMERA MOVES BACK, showing scores of votive candles all banked around the statue. The congregation is saying the Rosary. Clayton enters shot, looking around. CAMERA MOVING, he passes through the crowded room. Two el- derly women with Red Cross armbands are helping dis- tressed and injured people. As Clayton goes past them, CAMERA PAUSES and MOVES IN on a particular group. The Red Cross woman steps away, disclosing Bilderbeck, looking off after Clayton. He is lying on the floor near a rack of hymn books and prayerbooks. He is pale, clutching a stained, bloody bandage against his side.
117) 0) text: Sylvia and Clayton are standing on the steps. Still. Listening with everyone else. The Doctor comes for- ward to look out. Sylvia gasps suddenly, holding tightly to Clayton. A woman near her points o.s., SCREAMING wildly.
129) 0) text: Some singing. Some in silent prayer. Some in silent ecstasy. The young husband hugging his kids. An old woman all alone, singing softly with the others, eyes turned to heaven. They start to move toward the church. CAMERA PICKS UP IN CLOSE SHOT, Clayton and Sylvia. She is radiant. He smiles, holding her gaze as he takes off his glasses, folds them and puts them in his pocket, bending to her. She takes his arm, smiling up at him. They move after the crowd. She starts to sing as they go.