32) 0) text: An opening in the sandbag breastwork for observation high in the forward end. Storm lanterns provide light. A huge tarpaulin is stretched over the revet- ment as a roof and pulled down to cover the opening, which overlooks the Martians in the gully beyond. A field telephone switchboard and field telegraph have been set up. On some boxes is an enlarged con- tour map of the immediate territory, showing Linda Rosa, surrounding roads, the site of the Martian pit. A LIEUTENANT and a sergeant work on this map, placing units as they report in position. A CAPTAIN is on the phone. constantly pass messages. telegraph key. All are in atmosphere is alive, action of dispatch bearers tense. Communications men at other phones A sergeant operates a full battle dress. The There is constant b.g. coming and going. As Sylvia and Clayton come the Colonel is brief- ing officers at the map. in,
43) 5) text: The initial phase between man's weapons and the Martian machines. The first Martian is out of the gully on the burned-off field. The second is just clear of the gully. The third has started to follow. a. Special Effect - Full Shot - Gully. Increasing shell and rocket fire bursting viciously about the Martians. Short, blue jets are flashing out around the turret heads of the machines. These merge to form an impalpable, electro- magnetic envelope which drops all around to the ground. b. Special Effect - Close Shot - First Machine. Rays SCREAM from it, lashing in every direction. c. Recoilless 75's - Close Shot. Muzzles Flash. d. Rocket-launcher - Close Shot. In rapid suc- cession, rockets roar toward the Martians. e. Tank - Med. Shot. It's gun bucks violently slamming an armor-piercing shell at the Mar- tians. f. Machine-gun Nest - Close Shot. 50 cal. machine- gun chatters furiously, spitting a stream of tracer shells. g. Bazookas - Close Shot. In a sharp volley, a group of bazookas let go with HE charges. h. Mortars - Close Shot. In rapid succession, Marines drop Napalm charges into the big muz- zles of the mortars. Instantly the charges fly high in the air in the direction of the enemy. in Special Effect - Martian Machines. Projectiles burst against their almost invisible protective envelopes. Others ricochet off, exploding harm- lessly in the air beyond. Napalm charges burst around them, obscuring the machines in huge
57) 2) text: 163a. 164. SHOOTING over the torn wing of the Piper Cup among the tangled bean plants. Across the field is a low, wooded hill. Coming into sight at the foot of the hill is the Martian machine, its cobra-like weapon turning on its shaft, swinging toward the plane.
59) 0) text: CAMERA is on a CORNER NEWSSTAND. Tip-sheets and papers are clipped around the front, sides and to a wire between uprights. Headlines: MEN FROM MARS - Europe Cities Blasted - KILLER RAYS; MARS MACHINES IN CALIFORNIA - Fighting Near L.A. - U.S. INVADED - MARTIAN THREAT. A little crowd on the sidewalk reads papers avidly. Cars stop at the curb to buy others. An elderly woman sits behind the newsstand, knitting, hawking her sensations. 165. 167.
79) 0) text: CAMERA SHOOTING DOWN on an enormous table map of the world, scattered with black patches, indicating dead areas cleaned out by the Martians. Attack arrows extend from these. Metal - each with a bright, min- iature Martian machine. Around the edge of the map are WACs and special personnel constantly enlarging the blacked-out areas, pushing arrows forward as the Martians advance. The map indicates that the world is fighting for its existence. Spain is dead from 210a. 211. Valencia to Seville. Martians occupy the west of France up to Nantes. They're thick from Cherbourg across Belgium, Holland. The Italian boot is blacked out near Rome. Dark patches are in Greece, Yugo- slavia. In the southeast corner of England; in South Wales, Scotland and in Ireland from Tralee to Cork. They're in Sweden, Lithuania, Marrakesh, Tripoli, Egypt, South Africa and strategic places in the U.S.S.R. In the Levant and India, Malaya and Australia. Some dead areas are large. Some small. But the small ones grow larger all the time.
90) 0) text: The A-bomb plane circles above the clouds, heading for the Martians.
93) 0) text: CAMERA is on the Radar truck. The sergeant bolts out the rear door, runs toward General Mann and the scien- tists, CAMERA PANNING with him. All are standing tensely, looking OFF toward the Martian nest.
101) 0) text: Overscene is the distant SOUND of the Martian approach - roaring explosions, the thunder of destruction and gunfire. The scene itself is desper- ate with urgency and activity. Scientists working frantically to load books, heavy instruments, papers, files - even a blackboard from which there is no time to copy the formulae it bears. For transporta- tion they have a small moving van, a school bus, stake truck, two light pick-ups and four cars. As we come into scene, the moving van roars past us to the street. Beyond this, the last baggage is being slammed aboard the yellow school bus. Dr. DuBrock waves it away. It comes PAST CAMERA - Sylvia driving - as Clayton climbs up behind the wheel of the stake truck.
113) 0) text: CAMERA is CLOSE on Clayton as he opens the doors and pauses, looking off. The SINGING reaches a CRESCENDO and dies away. The SHOT WIDENS and CAMERA PANS with Clayton to people standing near the door. Light in the church comes from kerosene lamps and candles placed wherever they will stand - on pew-ends, window-ledges. CAMERA FOLLOWS Clayton, as he looks anxiously about. The congregation is a scattered gathering of distressed humanity. Those who couldn't run - children, cripples, the sick, aged - and those who felt it was useless to run. They make groups and clusters in the aisles and benches and pews. The church is full of quiet movement - first-aid for the injured, water for the faint, comforting children, soothing babies. The VOICE OF the MINISTER is lifted in prayer. Mumbled 'Amens' join, above the RUMBLE of destruction, growing with the Martian advance. MINISTER'S VOICE (0.s.) We humbly beseech Thy divine guidance, © Lord. Deliver us from the fear which has come upon us - the evil that draws ever nearer - from the terror that will soon knock at the very door of this, Thy house. We pray Thee, Lord - grant us the miracle of Thy divine intervention.... Clayton begins to back out. A Deacon catches his arm. 283a.
115) 0) text: Amidst an inferno of flashing light and the THUNDER of a city being destroyed, Clayton proceeds along the street toward the Martians.
121) 0) dialog: The triple-suckered hand is reaching out, trying to find a grip. We see the protruding veins, their pulsation weakening, slowing.
123) 0) text: A REVERSE ANGLE, with the downed Martian machine in f.g. People from the church begin to approach the machine, but they are wary and keep their distance. Clayton leads the way with the Doctor. Suddenly Clayton gestures and they all stop and look off past the f.g. machine.
124) 2) dialog: SHOOTING across the Martian's arm in f.g. The skin of the arm is losing its ruddy color. The pulsation of the veins has slowed. The clutching of the hand lessens. The arm becomes brownish-yellow. The hand stills. Clayton and the Doctor, b.g. move closer. The Doctor kneels by the Martian, touches the yellow flesh.
126) 0) text: The Doctor straightens up from his examination of the Martian. There is a strained look of awe on his face as he looks off toward the now silent city.
128) 0) text: Near the church, the MP jeep speeds in, braking as it nears the people. They jump aside, leaving a lane to the fallen Martian machine. CAMERA PANS with the jeep. Half-standing, the MP Driver and his PFC aide yell orders, gesticulating, faces grim.