3) 0) text: The small-town, California audience is breaking after the last show. Among them are two young parents, the father carrying a sleeping baby. Teen-agers head for the ice-cream parlor next door. A lost kid is bawling on the sidewalk. A man on a ladder is adding “Held Over" to the marquee which features "Samson and Delilah." Like most the others, he is looking at the sky. The CAMERA PICKS UP SYLVIA VAN BUREN - twenty-six, normal, nice, admiring the sleeping baby. Near her is PASTOR COLLINS - white-haired. He is gazing at the sky as he touches Sylvia's arm. She looks and stands staring.
3) 10) dialog: That probably dropped half way to Pomona!...What do you think?
8) 0) text: The meteor still lies in the gully, heat-hazed, a little thin smoke rising, burned grass and bushes in b.g. On the bank of the gully, a woman is kodaking two kids against the b.g. of the meteor. Beyond, a few old cars and a station wagon have pulled off the dirt road; nearby is Pastor Collins’ three-year- old Plymouth.
9) 0) text: Sylvia is sitting behind the wheel in Pastor Collins’ car. The Pastor is talking to the uniformed Ranger. With them are Wash Perry, Alonzo Hogue, Salvador, Fiddler. A handful of people is scattered in b.g., eyeing the meteor, talking about it.
9) 9) dialog: I think we should put up a few picnic tables...
9) 14) dialog: (To Sylvia) I'm going to get a closer look at it. The men come forward, PAST CAMERA. Sylvia pulls out the car keys, reaches for her purse. The convertible bumps up, stops. The back is loaded with camping 27. 28. 29. gear and clustered fishing rods. Clayton Forrester gets out, looking toward the gully. Sylvia glances at him as she starts after the others, opening her purse. A faint ticking SOUND comes overscene.
9) 49) dialog: (Offering hand, pleased) Well-1...how do you do, Dr. Forrester!
10) 3) dialog: It's radio-active?
10) 11) dialog: I'd be delighted if you'd stay at my house, Doctor Forrester.
10) 14) dialog: There's a square dance at the social hall this evening.
14) 10) dialog: Well, we always play ‘Goodnight, Ladies' at twelve o'clock, anyway. (Reaching for pocket watch) It must be nearly that now - My watch has stopped.
15) 0) text: Shooting from the entrance of the social hall, as people pile out, Clayton, Sylvia and Pastor Collins with them. The town is completely blacked out. The only visible light is from a police car, using hand siren and red blinker. Its headlights silver the dark streets as it races up.
32) 10) dialog: (Moving in) So is the town, I notice!
32) 12) dialog: I just came to tell you - everyone has been alerted. The Colonel's glance is caught by something o.s. He stiffens to attention. GENERAL MANN'S VOICE (o.s.) As you were...
37) 0) text: Favoring Clayton, Pastor Collins, General Mann and the Colonel. All crowded to the opening in the sandbags. The General and the Colonel use field glasses.
37) 2) dialog: (Awed - half to himself) Beings from another world The Colonel signs to the Captain, who backs to the field telephone switchboard.
37) 5) dialog: (Suddenly realizing - protesting) Colonel - shooting's no good!
37) 7) dialog: Couldn't you try to communicate with them first - and shoot later if you have to? The Colonel glances, then ignores him, using his glasses. The uniformed men are all tense, watching the gully, waiting for the order. Clayton is gazing out with the Sheriff. Pastor Collins moves uncertainly toward the open rear of the revetment. Sylvia sees him, starts after him. CAPTAIN'S VOICE (0.s.) All command posts - target as indicated.
38) 0) text: Pastor Collins comes out, stands staring toward the gully. Sylvia joins him. Behind them we glimpse the tension of the men inside.
38) 1) dialog: (Looking o.s.) I think we should try to make them understand we mean them no harm. Sylvia looks at him, not sure of what he means. 117. COLONEL'S VOICE (0.s.) (Quietly - from inside) There's another machine coming out.
38) 3) dialog: Both gazing toward the gully.
38) 4) dialog: (Meditative) They are living creatures out there.
38) 6) dialog: (Cutting in, smiling) If they're more advanced than us, they should be nearer the Creator for that reason!
38) 8) dialog: (Meditative again) No real attempt has been made to communicate with them, you know... Sylvia looks at him uneasily. She takes his arm.
38) 10) dialog: (Shakes head, smiling) I've done about all I can do here. You go back in. (Low - turning her toward the inside) Sylvia - I like that Doctor Forrester. (Hand to her cheek) 119. 120. 121. 124. 125. 126. He's a good man. Sylvia presses his hand, smiling. As she leaves him, the CAMERA PANS with her, losing Pastor Collins momentarily.
38) 11) dialog: Looking in the direction of the gully, thoughtful.
38) 14) dialog: Eyes serene. Smiles a little. Moves forward.
39) 13) dialog: (Softly) Though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil
39) 16) dialog: (Whispering) Thou anointest my head with oil. My cup runneth over
40) 2) dialog: And I will dwell ... in the house of the Lord .. forever. He lifts the cross to shoulder height as CAMERA HOLDS and PANS him on. PASTOR COLLINS (Cont'd) Amen. (Murmuring) May the grace of the Father and of the Son Beyond him we now see the Martian machine.