22) 0) text: Beyond is a windbreak of eucalyptus trees and a low earth bank. Parked on the side road is a remote- control truck from the KGEB radio station. A few reporters and cameramen are on the black-top road, gazing out over open ground toward the gully. CAMERA favors the KGEB REPORTER - ex-newsman, high- wire and alert, sharkskin suit and Panama hat. He has a portable mike, is interviewing PROFESSOR 86. 87. OGILVY - a youngish, half-bald intellectual. Clayton stands by. Near them is the Sheriff and Marine COLONEL HEFFNER - easy-mannered, tough.
26) 5) dialog: Can you tell us anything about this plane that's coming over, Colonel?
30) 0) text: The Colonel and the KGEB reporter flatten out to- gether behind the low earth bank. Burning twigs and leaves fall about them. Clayton cranes to look out with the Colonel. The reporter yaks into his mike.
59) 7) dialog: General Mann, what d'you think of this situation --
59) 9) dialog: (Wily, fast) Is it your opinion the Army can hold ‘em?
59) 11) dialog: (Jumping in, over him) You had guns and equipment going out there all night! Weren't they enough to --
59) 14) dialog: The way he's hedging, maybe the Army didn't hold ‘em! (Significant) Because from the news that's coming through, nobody's stopped ‘em yet! (Looking toward door) We'll wait.
61) 2) dialog: (Barging forward) General, we heard Doctor Clayton Forrester was out there with you. What's he think about this?
61) 4) dialog: No, he's not! We tried to get him. He hasn't shown up there. 172a. 172b. 172c. 172d.
86) 0) text: CAMERA is CLOSE on the lips and mouth of a RADIO REPORTER for the Pacific Broadcasting Company as he speaks rapidly and dramatically into a microphone.
86) 1) dialog: The target for the A-bomb drop is this nest of Martian machines in the Puente Hills - where more of these meteors came down early last evening. The SHOT WIDENS to show the Reporter -- dishevelled, tired, dirty -- with a portable tape-recorder slung over his shoulder. He moves forward, CAMERA FOLLOW- ING, to disclose Sylvia, gazing through field glasses. The Reporter exits, still talking rapidly. Sylvia lowers the glasses momentarily, then looks through them again. CAMERA leaves her, PANNING. The mouth of the vehicular tunnel is on the slope of a high ridge, about halfway up to the summit, so that a view from the tunnel itself is one of sky only. Right at the mouth of the tunnel, the highway makes an abrupt turn to enter, and the outer side of the roadway is protected by the usual concrete buffer wall. This has been augmented by the military with massive sandbag breastworks to protect those in the tunnel and the necessary observers in forward posi- tions from enemy action from the valley below. With- in the tunnel proper, CAMERA PICKS UP the scientists from Pacific-Tech, who are gathered in a cul-de-sac in the tunnel wall. Doctors DuBrock, Pennington and Bilderbeck have already got into their colored anti- radiation suits. Doctors Pryor and Gratzman are present with sundry assistants. Gloves, masks, and special equipment are being laid out. Clayton is putting on a suit. A jeep stands by. During this:
86) 4) dialog: Direct cable communication is being maintained with Washington, and from there to key centers around the world, but there's no radio communication at all - even with the bombing plane that's coming over. All radio is dead. Which means that these tape-recordings I'm making are for the sake of history -- if any!