10) 1) dialog: (Yelling off) What you got in here, feller?...It's ticking like a bomb! The SHOT WIDENS as Clayton enter with Pastor Collins, Sylvia, the Ranger and others. Clayton reaches into the car and picks up a short pole-meter attached to the counter. He swings it around. The clicking slows. He lifts the counter out, points the pole- meter at the gully. The light flashes become a rapid blur, brilliant. The chattering increases to a high- pitched buzz.
10) 4) dialog: Look at this thing -- goin’ crazy! He reaches for the Geiger. Clayton lets him have it and remains looking toward the gully. The SOUND of the Geiger counter continues over SCENE.
10) 8) dialog: I'll post two-three deputies. They can watch it don't start any more fires.
14) 6) dialog: (To Zippy) Call the electric company. See what happened.
14) 11) dialog: I got the time. (At wrist-watch) No - mine's stopped, too!
14) 20) dialog: How could it happen to everybody's watch together?
14) 22) dialog: 
15) 4) dialog: (Hurrying to him) I don't know no more'n you, Joe.
16) 0) text: The COP and the Sheriff gazing out as Clayton joins 69. 70. 71. 72. them. Everyone staring with them.
16) 1) dialog: (To Clayton) Let's go see! They get into the car. Sylvia watches it go. SOUND of motor and siren over SCENE. The group breaks up as people run to their cars.
19) 1) text: The Sheriff wets his suddenly dry lips, gazing PAST CAMERA. Clayton looks with him.
21) 1) dialog: (Wild) What is that gizmo?!
21) 3) dialog: (Shaken) We better get word to the authorities and -- (Gazing up) 82. 83. 83a. 84. 85. Look!
22) 0) text: Beyond is a windbreak of eucalyptus trees and a low earth bank. Parked on the side road is a remote- control truck from the KGEB radio station. A few reporters and cameramen are on the black-top road, gazing out over open ground toward the gully. CAMERA favors the KGEB REPORTER - ex-newsman, high- wire and alert, sharkskin suit and Panama hat. He has a portable mike, is interviewing PROFESSOR 86. 87. OGILVY - a youngish, half-bald intellectual. Clayton stands by. Near them is the Sheriff and Marine COLONEL HEFFNER - easy-mannered, tough.
39) 0) text: No sound except the telegraph key repeating a signal over and over. No movement save for Sylvia, f.g., refilling coffee cups. General Mann, the Colonel, Clayton and the Sheriff crouched by the opening.
46) 0) text: The inclosure is a madhouse - men trying to extinguish burning switchboards - the lieutenant gathering up the scorched maps - the captain shouting uselessly into the field phone - Clayton up by the opening using the field glasses, Sylvia and the Sheriff crouched near him. General Mann and his aide rush out.