3) 0) text: The small-town, California audience is breaking after the last show. Among them are two young parents, the father carrying a sleeping baby. Teen-agers head for the ice-cream parlor next door. A lost kid is bawling on the sidewalk. A man on a ladder is adding “Held Over" to the marquee which features "Samson and Delilah." Like most the others, he is looking at the sky. The CAMERA PICKS UP SYLVIA VAN BUREN - twenty-six, normal, nice, admiring the sleeping baby. Near her is PASTOR COLLINS - white-haired. He is gazing at the sky as he touches Sylvia's arm. She looks and stands staring.
3) 11) dialog: It was nearer than that.
9) 0) text: Sylvia is sitting behind the wheel in Pastor Collins’ car. The Pastor is talking to the uniformed Ranger. With them are Wash Perry, Alonzo Hogue, Salvador, Fiddler. A handful of people is scattered in b.g., eyeing the meteor, talking about it.
9) 2) dialog: It's probably a stray from a swarm of meteors.
9) 16) dialog: (Searching purse) Yes...ugly looking, isn't it.
9) 20) dialog: (Rummaging in purse) Did you see it come down?
9) 22) dialog: (Glancing back at car) You must have caught plenty with all that tackle!
9) 24) text: (Definite) It hit sideways and skidded in. He glances at her, a little amused. She catches his eye. SYLVIA (Cont'd) (Easily) At least, that's what I think. I don't really know. (At purse) But the Ranger says a scientist is coming from Pacific-Tech. He'll tell us. (And then) Clayton Forrester. Ever hear of him?
9) 26) dialog: (Over him, not hearing) He's top man in astro and nuclear physics. He knows all about meteors!
9) 29) dialog: Well, I did a thesis on modern scien- tists - working for my Masters degree.
9) 31) dialog: Why, sure -- I got it! Do you have a match?
9) 33) dialog: (Going on, enthusiastic) Forrester's the man behind the new atomic engines. They had him on the cover of 'Time'. You've got to rate to get that!
9) 35) dialog: (Protesting, stopping) How can you say that when you don't know him!
9) 36) dialog: 
9) 38) dialog: (Interested at once) What's he like?
9) 40) dialog: Well, you certainly don't look like yourself in that get-up! (Laughing still, offering hand) But I am happy to meet you anyway. I'm Sylvia Van Buren. I teach Library Science over at USC.
9) 42) dialog: I might have recognized you without the beard. And you didn't wear glasses on the 'Time' cover!
9) 48) dialog: (To Pastor Collins) Uncle Matthew...this is Dr. Clayton Forrester. (To Clayton) My uncle - Dr. Matthew Collins, pastor of the Community Church.
10) 13) dialog: (Returning his smile) They don't do much of anything...!
13) 0) text: Favoring Sylvia, sitting on a bench against the wall, fanning herself with a lace handkerchief. Clayton comes to her between guys, wiping sweat. Girls fix- ing shaken hair-do's. People arguing about who ruined the square. Clayton has two soft drinks with straws, hands one bottle to Sylvia, drops on the bench beside her. Fiddler's VOICE comes over SCENE.
13) 1) dialog: (Taking bottle) Thank you, Doctor Forrester... (Glancing) You having fun?
14) 0) text: Favoring Clayton and Sylvia, near the climax of a set.
14) 14) dialog: They've all stopped at the same time.
15) 0) text: Shooting from the entrance of the social hall, as people pile out, Clayton, Sylvia and Pastor Collins with them. The town is completely blacked out. The only visible light is from a police car, using hand siren and red blinker. Its headlights silver the dark streets as it races up.
15) 1) dialog: How does it happen cars are running?
31) 1) text: Sylvia is at the rear corner of the revetment, holding a tray of coffee mugs and doughnuts. She pauses to watch more vehicles move past. She has changed out of her dance frock into a tailored dress. She has a Red Cross armband. CAMERA PICKS UP Clayton coming from within the revetment inclosure.
31) 3) dialog: Didn't you have something to do with this? I know you sent word to the Sixth Army Command!
31) 5) dialog: (Pausing - looking around) You never know where you're going to wind up when you go to a square dance!
32) 0) text: An opening in the sandbag breastwork for observation high in the forward end. Storm lanterns provide light. A huge tarpaulin is stretched over the revet- ment as a roof and pulled down to cover the opening, which overlooks the Martians in the gully beyond. A field telephone switchboard and field telegraph have been set up. On some boxes is an enlarged con- tour map of the immediate territory, showing Linda Rosa, surrounding roads, the site of the Martian pit. A LIEUTENANT and a sergeant work on this map, placing units as they report in position. A CAPTAIN is on the phone. constantly pass messages. telegraph key. All are in atmosphere is alive, action of dispatch bearers tense. Communications men at other phones A sergeant operates a full battle dress. The There is constant b.g. coming and going. As Sylvia and Clayton come the Colonel is brief- ing officers at the map. in,
33) 4) dialog: Would you like some coffee, General?
38) 0) text: Pastor Collins comes out, stands staring toward the gully. Sylvia joins him. Behind them we glimpse the tension of the men inside.
38) 5) dialog: But they're not human! Dr. Forrester says they're some kind of an advanced civilization --
38) 9) dialog: Let's go back inside, Uncle Matthew.
39) 0) text: No sound except the telegraph key repeating a signal over and over. No movement save for Sylvia, f.g., refilling coffee cups. General Mann, the Colonel, Clayton and the Sheriff crouched by the opening.
39) 3) dialog: She whirls, starts toward the opening.
39) 7) dialog: (Calling) Uncle! (Half screaming) Uncle Matthew! ! She whirls to go after him. General Mann catches her arm.
39) 9) dialog: (Lunges - appealing) Stop him!
40) 0) text: Featuring Sylvia and Clayton. All are crowded to the opening. Sylvia is petrified with horror.
41) 0) dialog: She SCREAMS, but her voice is drowned in the unearthly SOUND of the Martian machine. We know, without seeing, what has happened to the Pastor.
42) 0) text: SHOOTING from outside the observation opening. Sylvia is CLOSE in f.g., horrified, unbelieving, supported by Clayton. The Colonel whirls toward the switchboard.
44) 0) text: Clayton, Sylvia and others duck below the shelter of the sandbags as a heat-ray HOWLS close past the com- mand post. CAMERA MOVES IN on Clayton and General Mann, shouting above the uproar.
46) 0) text: The inclosure is a madhouse - men trying to extinguish burning switchboards - the lieutenant gathering up the scorched maps - the captain shouting uselessly into the field phone - Clayton up by the opening using the field glasses, Sylvia and the Sheriff crouched near him. General Mann and his aide rush out.
49) 0) text: A weapons carrier clatters past at breakneck speed. Men from mixed units jump from behind scrub trees, 152. 153. 154. 155. running. A crowded jeep flashes past as Clayton and Sylvia appear. The two run after the men. Clayton pulls her to a stop, looks o.s., then runs across the road with her.
50) 0) text: A Piper Cub - battery observation plane - is just taking off. Another is on the ground, no one near it. Clayton and Sylvia enter, running. Beyond one wing of the machine we see smoke, explosions and rays and beams ripping against the sky.
50) 2) dialog: Can you handle one of these?
52) 0) text: SHOOTING PAST Clayton to Sylvia. The tops of utility poles and trees skim past, almost at their level. The plane wobbles. Clayton is unconcerned.
52) 1) dialog: (Hanging on) You'll hit something! Can't you go higher?
54) 0) text: Clayton looking o.s. as he banks sharply. Sylvia looking after him.
57) 0) text: Clayton half-falls out of the wrecked plane, looking o.s., as he helps Sylvia. She looks with him, gasps. They run and dive into an irrigation ditch, CAMERA FOLLOWING.
62) 0) text: Clayton is sitting alongside Sylvia who is stretched out asleep. Clayton's jacket is covering her. His attention has been attracted by the cat.
63) 1) text: He smiles a little wryly, looks down toward Sylvia. CAMERA PANS to CLOSEUP of Sylvia. She is breathing softly, regularly.
63) 4) dialog: (Still half-awake) I never noticed before - that's a cowboy tie....
63) 6) dialog: Is that... machine...?
63) 8) dialog: Where are we?
64) 0) text: CLOSE on a skillet loaded with bacon and eggs. CAMERA ANGLE WIDENS. The kitchen is not modern. Old gas refrigerator. High-oven stove, its flaming gas-jets make an eerie glow. Coffee percolates. Sylvia has tidied her hair, renewed her make-up. Clayton is taking a jug of orange juice from the refrigerator. He uses it to indicate the farmhouse as he glances around.
64) 3) dialog: (Astonished) Don't you live at home?
64) 5) dialog: I come from a big one. Nine of us. All in Minnesota, except me.
64) 7) dialog: Shooting across the table to the stove. Sylvia comes toward CAMERA, bringing bacon and eggs. He follows with the coffee.
64) 9) dialog: It does...Maybe that's why I feel kind of lost right now.
64) 11) dialog: (Pouring orange juice) But they seem to murder everything that moves...!
64) 15) dialog: (Over him - not listening) I feel like I did one time when I was small. (Not sorry for herself, merely telling him) Awful scared and lonesome...I'd wandered off - I've forgotten why - but the family and whole crowds of neighbors were hunting for me. (And then) They found me in a church. I was afraid to go in any place else.
64) 16) dialog: Half smiling at the memory.
64) 17) dialog: I stayed right by the door - praying for the one who loved me best to come and find me. (And then) It was Uncle Matthew who found me.
64) 20) dialog: He liked you ... I could bawl my head off!
65) 0) text: CLOSE on a broken pipe, gushing water. Sylvia's hand comes into SCENE, soaking a cloth. CAMERA PANS as she draws the cloth away. Clayton is sprawled near the living room doorway, hunched, holding his head. She crouches by him - shaken, anxious - pressing the cloth against his temple. He sits up slowly, holding the cloth against his head, then pressing it over his face and eyes. He is hurt. Finally, he drags the cloth down his face and sucks in his breath. She holds him while his brain steadies.
65) 2) dialog: (Small, whispering) Hours. I've been so scared..
65) 3) text: He starts to get up. She holds him down. SYLVIA (Cont'd) (Whispering) They're right outside! Several of them came down together! Clayton is immediately alert. He rises quietly, CAMERA PANS as he tiptoes to the wall and peers out 185. a vertical break.
67) 0) text: The attic has been crushed down in a mess of beams and plaster. The roof has spilled over at one side. Clayton reaches up, pulling at beams and plaster, trying to get a better look. He peers out through an opening to the farmyard again. Sylvia, by the door to the patio, regards him fearfully.
68) 0) text: Clayton is peering through the opening in b.g. Sylvia, f.g., standing beside the broken door to the outside patio, turns and looks out. She suppresses a scream, starting away. CAMERA MOVES IN fast, SHOOT- ING past her to the EXTERIOR. The patio is blocked with debris, fallen fuchsias, potted cacti in bloom. A form is just disappearing beyond the debris. Smooth, reddish, indefinite.
68) 1) dialog: Clayton jumps to her side.
68) 2) dialog: Something moved outside! Clayton brings out a flashlight, starts to move out to the patio. Sylvia clings to him as he looks.
68) 4) dialog: It was... (Indicating Martians) ...one of them!
68) 6) dialog: (Drawing him back toward kitchen) I couldn't see much in the dark - but it was one!
69) 1) dialog: He is fascinated. She is frozen with fear.
73) 2) dialog: (Bated) They could be as curious about us as we are about them.
75) 2) dialog: (Gasping) Let's get out of here! He gestures her to silence, moves toward the wall and the opening he had made. She peers fearfully out through the broken patio door.
75) 5) dialog: CAMERA WHIPS UP from them. The Martian eye is hanging in the dimness above their heads, through a split in the ceiling.
75) 6) dialog: Look out!! Clayton sees it, leaps, slashing with the axe. A loose beam is dislodged in a shower of dust and frag- ments, falling across the tubing and the eye, pinning it to the floor.
75) 10) dialog: SHOOTING past Clayton. She comes into SCENE behind him, pulling on a loose beam to give him room, using a piece of cloth to protect her hands. Behind her is a door leading to the den. It is broken, sprung from its hinges. CAMERA MOVES IN past Clayton as out of the dark cavity behind Sylvia comes a hand that is more than a hand, on an arm that is thin, lean, with degenerate muscu- lature. Thick veins cross it, pulsating. Back of it is a dim form. The hand-shape has three fingerlike suckers. They fasten on Sylvia's shoulder, spreading, huge. Her eyes and mouth open in horror. She tries to scream but her vocal cords are paralyzed, shocked. She is drawn back, drops the loose beam. Then she forces a SOUND between her lips. Clayton hears and leaps to help her, sending the beam of his flash- light at the figure behind her.
76) 0) text: Sylvia comes up through the sloping floor, slides to- ward a broken window, its frame sprung half out of the wall. Clayton slides after her, through the dormer window. They drop out between frame and wall. The SCREAMING continues.
82) 0) text: A group of Pacific-Tech doctors and assistants are sorting out anti-radiation suits, rubber gloves, Geiger counters, masks and special equipment. They are modern scientists, natural in manner, alert. Dr. Pryor - high man in aerodynamics - turns sharply as Clayton comes in with Sylvia. A gray-haired man faces around with him - DR. DuBROCK, Nobel prize- winner in physics.
83) 2) dialog: They're cold-blooded enough!
88) 0) text: Clayton, Drs. DuBrock, Bilderbeck. All are helping each other with their anti-radiation suits. Sylvia moves into SCENE and assists Clayton.
88) 5) dialog: (Quietly) The same number of days it took to create it. All look at her.
88) 7) dialog: She helps adjust the cuffs at his wrist, and his belt. Then, after a moment, making it casual:
88) 8) dialog: Is it possible to go in right after the explosion?
88) 10) dialog: Very futuristic. (Smiling) Yours doesn't really go with that butch haircut!
88) 12) dialog: My kid brother has one. You know why?
88) 14) dialog: (Amazed, staring) How'd you guess?
99) 0) text: Featuring Sylvia, as Clayton comes to her. Dr. DuBrock is approaching from b.g. Sylvia looks up at the empty branch where the oriole was perched.
99) 1) dialog: Maybe they won't kill all the birds. DR. DuBROCK Washington issued orders - in event the A-bomb failed - immediately evacuate all cities under attack! (Looking out toward Martians) And they're moving in on Los Angeles now!
99) 8) dialog: Of course. DR. DuBROCK (Hurrying o.s.) Thank you!
99) 10) dialog: I wonder if they're going through this too...? Clayton looks at her sympathetically, not speaking.
99) 11) dialog: (Going on) I probably wouldn't be able to get to them if I tried...
99) 13) dialog: (Touching his arm) Don't let's lose each other. He tucks a hand under her arm, reassuring, turning away with her.
99) 16) dialog: (Wryly, smiling) Because then I really would feel lost!
101) 0) text: Overscene is the distant SOUND of the Martian approach - roaring explosions, the thunder of destruction and gunfire. The scene itself is desper- ate with urgency and activity. Scientists working frantically to load books, heavy instruments, papers, files - even a blackboard from which there is no time to copy the formulae it bears. For transporta- tion they have a small moving van, a school bus, stake truck, two light pick-ups and four cars. As we come into scene, the moving van roars past us to the street. Beyond this, the last baggage is being slammed aboard the yellow school bus. Dr. DuBrock waves it away. It comes PAST CAMERA - Sylvia driving - as Clayton climbs up behind the wheel of the stake truck.
104) 0) text: He shifts to overtake Sylvia. The stake truck turning a corner onto a wide street, rolling fast, tires squealing. Clayton's brakes go on.
117) 0) text: Sylvia and Clayton are standing on the steps. Still. Listening with everyone else. The Doctor comes for- ward to look out. Sylvia gasps suddenly, holding tightly to Clayton. A woman near her points o.s., SCREAMING wildly.
120) 0) text: Everyone staring, full of fear and wonder. The Rev. Bethany joins Clayton and Sylvia.
122) 0) text: Clayton moves out. The Doctor follows with Sylvia. The Rev. Bethany moves out. Others follow. Clayton pauses, looking o.s. Others look with him.
129) 0) text: Some singing. Some in silent prayer. Some in silent ecstasy. The young husband hugging his kids. An old woman all alone, singing softly with the others, eyes turned to heaven. They start to move toward the church. CAMERA PICKS UP IN CLOSE SHOT, Clayton and Sylvia. She is radiant. He smiles, holding her gaze as he takes off his glasses, folds them and puts them in his pocket, bending to her. She takes his arm, smiling up at him. They move after the crowd. She starts to sing as they go.