1) 0) text: HENRY DETAMBLE, 6 years old, sits in the back seat. His mother, ANNETTE, 32, drives.
1) 2) dialog: That was fine, honey.
1) 4) dialog: Of course not. You’re supposed to sing like you.
1) 8) dialog: I love yours more. Just listening to you speak. She turns on her blinker, switching lanes, getting ready make a right, as the other car BLARES by, horn honking, kicking slush and mud up onto her windshield.
1) 9) dialog: How about Jingle Bells? That you can sing. They start singing. The light turns green. EXT. RED BRICK BUILDING SHOPPING STREET -— SAME 3 We see ANNETTE’S CAR, driving off. An oversized plastic S waves automatically at us from the cover of a doorway. INT. CAR — SAME 4 ON HENRY, singing Jingle Bells with his mother, as she dr up the onramp and onto the turnpike, the interstate sign visible for a moment in her headlights.
2) 0) text: The little sedan drives on the slick highway, the asphalt totally white with snow. We can still hear them sing. A h DE-ICER blasts past them on the other side of a small dividing rail. INT. CAR — SAME 6 Annette and Henry sing “Jingle Bells,” picking up the tem as the car speeds along. Mom and son exchange a warm smil as something strange and off-kilter appears...LIGHTS, in front of them...A BUS coming at them head-on. ON ANNETTE, her eyes widening as she brakes. Henry’s fore slams into the hard edge of the front seat. 10 The Time Traveler's Wife - White Prod. Draft - 07.13.07 3
4) 3) dialog: Henry! ON ANNETTE, confused as the lights become totally blindin HER P.O.V. But Henry is gone. Only his clothes lie crumpl on the seat.
28) 2) dialog: Yes.
28) 6) dialog: Thank you. I appreciate that. People don’t usually recognize me. Not on the subway anyway.
28) 8) dialog: How funny. I have a son named Henry. He’s just three. 40 Henry is moved to hear her talking about him. He is looki at her, intently, his mother, and he says...
28) 10) dialog: Oh, really?
28) 12) dialog: Well...I don’t know...
28) 14) dialog: I’m glad I met you too. I hope you have a wonderful wedding.
28) 20) dialog: (smiling) Goodbye...Henry. The doors open and he hurries onto the platform. HIS P.O.V. He looks at his mother, in the lit train. She waves to him, as the train pulls away. Shyly, almost awkwardly, he waves back. EXT - RICHARD’S BROWNSTONE - DAY 41 A small twenties-era red brick building surrounded by mod high rises. Henry bounds up the back stairs. He is the sa Henry we just left at the el train. INT. RICHARD’S BROWNSTONE - DAY 42 A house frozen in the seventies, mod furniture, cottage cheese ceilings with sparkles, shag carpet flattened and in places from years of wear. The drapes are closed, the Formica table littered with newspapers still bundled, unr Someone is knocking on the back door, and after no answer the door is unlocked and opened, and HENRY comes in. He looks around. Fingers the unread papers, stacks of unopened mail, wondering what’s going on, and then... HE HEARS THE TOILET FLUSH from the bowels of the house. RICHARD DETAMBLE shuffles out into the room. He is decade older than the first time we saw him at the hospital. He wasted version of himself.
61) 0) text: TWO CARS SMASHING TOGETHER, igniting. It is Annette’s accident, replayed.