69) 26) dialog: .+-how did you say you found me?
69) 28) dialog: I’m a geneticist.
69) 30) dialog: ...did my students put you up to this? Cause you're good. Henry stands.
69) 34) dialog: Wait a minute. Henry turns. Kendrick is writing something down.
69) 35) dialog: This is a doctor, an excellent man, give him a call.
72) 0) text: Dr. Kendrick is walking to the parking lot, when HENRY approaches him. There’s something off with Henry, he’s an he’s desperate, the Henry we knew from the beginning of t story...
72) 2) dialog: Mr. DeTamble, I can’t help you.
72) 4) dialog: Yes. I don’t want to help you.
72) 6) dialog: I’m very sorry about that but I don’t know how...
72) 8) dialog: Do you realize how insane you sound?
72) 13) dialog: Mr. DeTamble, let me take you somewhere? There’s a hospital on campus here, and I... THE CAMERA has been holding on Kendrick’s face when sudde he stops talking. His eyes freeze. All of the blood drain from his forehead, his cheeks. He cannot move. We do not have to reverse angle to know that Henry is no longer standing ten feet away from him.
73) 0) text: Henry is lying on a tray ready to slide into an MRI machi Dr. Kendrick is there with some LAB ASSISTANTS. They are positioning a mirror inside the MRI machine and adjusting to reflect a T.V. monitor in the control room.
73) 1) dialog: Okay, everybody, let’s do this. Ready Henry? For science.
74) 2) dialog: Wonderful. The assistant looks at him like one of them is out of the mind. INT. KENDRICK’S OFFICE - DAY (FALL) 99 Autumn outside. Henry and Clare are sitting with Kendrick is showing them a sheaf full of test results.
103) 0) text: Clare is sitting with Gomez and Charisse. Dr. Kendrick co in and joins them at the table.
103) 3) dialog: I just spoke with the attending physician. It’s going to be okay, Clare. He saved the foot.
103) 5) dialog: But he won’t be able to use it for a while. He’1l be in a wheelchair for a few months.
109) 0) text: The whole family is gathered around the fireplace listeni to Henry’s mother sing. The song “Es ist ein Ros Entsprungen.” We recognize it as the song she was singing Henry when they were driving in the car, that Christmas, long ago. Henry watches his family work on the tree, listens to the music. A BOY’S CHOIR is now joining in with his mother, singing another verse of the song. Henry wipes tears from his eyes, even as he smiles. INT. HENRY’S AND CLARE’S HOUSE - NIGHT 151 The boy’s choir continues on the soundtrack, as we observ PARTY, IN FULL SWING, but SILENT, only the choir singing. It is New Year’s Eve. The house is full of guests all wea New Year’s Eve party hats. Dr. Kendrick is there, Chariss