17) 0) text: Henry comes into the big wide reading room. He crosses by GIRL at one of the tables. She doesn’t look up. Henry goes to the check-out desk and lays down his books, looking through them, his back to the girl. They both rem in the frame, not seeing one another and then... A FEMALE STAFFER passes the girl, who looks up.
17) 1) dialog: Excuse me.
17) 4) dialog: I’m looking for the Kelmscott Press Chaucer, actually I’m interested in the papermaking at Kelmscott...
17) 6) dialog: Excuse me, I’m looking for... And then she stops. Her face stunned. Henry stares at her Sees the queer look on her face.
17) 8) dialog: Henry?
17) 10) dialog: Henry. It’s you. And now she laughs, pushing back the tears.
17) 11) dialog: I can’t believe it. I’m sorry, you said this would happen and you told me to be normal when it did and I’m really not...being very normal... The woman staffer shoots Henry a cross look. He has a reputation with the ladies. But this girl seems young... Henry goes to the girl and pulls her aside.
17) 16) dialog: Look, I know how odd this must be for you, it’s odd for me too. But...would you? Have dinner with me? Let me try to explain?
17) 20) dialog: Yes. We’ll go to the Beau Thai. It’s your favorite restaurant.
17) 22) dialog: You look like you've been having a rough time. He’s taken aback by her gentle recognition.
17) 23) dialog: Everything’s gonna be okay, Henry. Beat. He searches her eyes.
26) 0) text: Henry is walking down the hall. He looks into a room... HIS P.O.V. He sees Clare’s camera and bag on the bed, ano of her PHOTOS on the wall, this one of a little girl’s le in knee socks and Mary Janes, standing next to an empty p of man’s shoes. He looks behind him, then slips INTO HER ROOM. INT. CLARE’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 36 Henry is looking through her desk drawers. He does this quickly, a man on a mission. He finds what he wants: HER LITTLE BLUE DIARY. He sits down. Takes a piece of pap and a pen and starts flipping through it, quickly scribbl down a list of something, we don’t know what, until...A THROAT CLEARS, startling him. GOMEZ stands in the doorway.
88) 0) text: Henry is in a janitor’s outfit exiting a door saying “Maintenance”. He sees another group of children looking diorama with their teacher. They are all about 10 years o And then, to his amazement, one of the girls turns and lo directly at him. She has an amazed look in her eyes. Sudd she calls out.