0) 0) text: A camera P.O.V. on the hood of a moving car, pushing thro a slushy downpour of hard, sleety snow. We are on a small shopping street, festooned with Christmas decorations cir 1970; colored strings of lights in big teardrop bulbs, mo fashions in store windows. WOMAN’S VOICE “Und hat ein Bliimlein bracht... A BOY'S VOICE joins in, trying to reach her high notes, cheerfully out of tune. BOY’S VOICE “Mitten im kalten Winter...” We hear the boy laugh, the woman too...
5) 4) dialog: There’s nothing you can do, Henry.
5) 6) dialog: I know what just happened to you. You were in the car with Mommy, and it was spinning, and then all of a sudden you were back at home, last summer, watching yourself. Watching Mommy and Daddy read to you.
5) 8) dialog: You traveled back in time, Henry. Just like I did to come here and see you. Feel that cut on your forehead? The man pulls back his own long hair and reveals a scar i the exact same place. Henry feels a chill right to his bo
5) 9) dialog: I am you, Henry. We’re the same person. I know you don’t understand but you will. Someday. The man is HENRY DETAMBLE at age 28.
7) 0) text: The reading rooms at the library are the welcoming hub of old stone building; a cathedral of knowledge. Serious researchers work at tables stacked high with books. Henry appears from the back. He approaches the counter an presents the book to a RESEARCHER, a man in his forties.
11) 0) text: ANGLE ON AN EXIT SIGN, the universal symbol of the lit-up running man. The door opens and Henry steps out of the stairwell and into a corridor lined with stripped hospita beds: the Housekeeping Services area located in the Hospital’s bowels. He ducks into the deserted LINEN’S ROOM. A MERRY CHRISTMA banner and a garland of tinsel hangs over the folding station. Henry spots a paper pad. HIS P.O.V. AN INVENTORY FORM FOR THE ST. JOSEPH’S HOSPITA dated the 24th OF DECEMBER 1970. Henry’s face clouds. ANGLE CORRIDOR, as a FEMALE CANDY STRIPER arrives with another bed. She strips the mattress and the pillow and i about to carry the laundry into the linen’s room when Hen emerges, now dressed as a candy striper himself. She bare acknowledges him.
14) 0) text: Henry appears out of an elevator. It is busy and surreall bright inside against the snowy black outside the large windows. He is looking for someone. We see his eyes land; has found what he seeks: A MAN standing at the main desk. We saw him before, by th couch with Henry. He is RICHARD DETAMBLE, 30, Henry’s fat
21) 0) text: She pads out into the room. Last night’s couch is reveale be horrible -- tattered, stuffing coming out, stained wit water-rings and telltale cigarette burns. Clare looks around. The gray morning light coming in the windows illuminates his apartment. Beer cans and dirty di are dotted around. It is the apartment of a callow young Not romantic at all.
23) 0) text: A PHOTOGRAPH...large, printed on an unusual surface. It i life-sized picture of a man, standing in a meadow, but hi features are obscured by the flecks in the paper; in fact his entire body seem to be dissolving away. Only his clot with their dark colors, are in sharp focus. We pull back, as a JANITOR crosses in front of the pictur mopping the floor.
26) 0) text: Henry is walking down the hall. He looks into a room... HIS P.O.V. He sees Clare’s camera and bag on the bed, ano of her PHOTOS on the wall, this one of a little girl’s le in knee socks and Mary Janes, standing next to an empty p of man’s shoes. He looks behind him, then slips INTO HER ROOM. INT. CLARE’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 36 Henry is looking through her desk drawers. He does this quickly, a man on a mission. He finds what he wants: HER LITTLE BLUE DIARY. He sits down. Takes a piece of pap and a pen and starts flipping through it, quickly scribbl down a list of something, we don’t know what, until...A THROAT CLEARS, startling him. GOMEZ stands in the doorway.
28) 0) text: The door to the el train opens and Henry jumps on. He is and wearing a gym suit several sizes too big for him and looks a bit foolish. He stands there nervously and seems happy when the doors close. IN THE BG, as the train leaves, we see a man in underwear rushing toward the train yelling, shaking his fist. Henry grabs a seat and looks around. The advertisements a from 1967. Suddenly he freezes. HIS P.O.V. Across from him, just a few seats down is his mother. She is reading an opera score. He swallows. Watches her, and then:
30) 0) text: The band is now playing a new number. Clare glances at he watch. Henry’s still gone. After a moment she starts maki her way downstairs toward the bar... HER P.O.V. In the distance she sees Henry pressed up clos a sexy blonde (Ingrid, the woman with the Christmas tree)
81) 0) text: Henry slides to the passenger seat as Clare takes command the car and backs it into the street. Neighbors watch curiously as she drives back toward their house. Clare pulls into their driveway and parks.
95) 0) text: Henry and Clare are hanging streamers and setting up for Alba's birthday party. Clare steps down from a small ladd catching a glimpse out the window. HER P.O.V. Alba, five, is playing with another little gir About ten. They are making a snowman.