11) 0) text: A blood-red sky hangs over the neighborhood. INT. DURSLEY HOUSE - HARRY’S BEDROOM - SAME TIME - DUSK 1 An EYE shimmers in a SHARD of SILVERED GLASS. HARRY POTTER'S eye. He tosses the mirror inside a LUMPY RUCKSACK, than adds a LOCKET, a Daily Prophet CLIPPING entitled “Dumbledore Remembered” (above which is a PHOTOGRAPH of its author, ELPHIAS DOGE with DUMBLEDORE) and a NOTEBOOK filled with scribblings on Horcruxes and, in large block letters, the initials “R.A.B.” He gives the rucksack a shake, then glances about to see if he’s forgotten anything. The room looks as if it’s been bottled up and shaken. Dresser drawers turned out, floor covered in detritus.
36) 18) dialog: Mr. Potter! By all means! In a nervous flutter, Doge pours Harry a goblet of champagne.
36) 20) dialog: I certainly knew him the longest, if you don’t count his brother Aberforth -- and somehow, people never do seem to count Aberforth.
36) 22) dialog: Yes, well, Dumbledore was always very private. Even as a boy. (CONTINUED )
36) 26) dialog: The occasional owl. Though it was strange...
36) 28) dialog: It was the owls themselves. They often arrived in distress. It was clear they’d traveled great distances in some cases.
36) 30) dialog: I’m afraid not. Albus’ messages mostly referenced our days together as schoolboys. They were surprisingly intimate. When he did speak of his current activities his words would turn elliptical. Still, I sensed he was under great stress. Why do you ask?
36) 32) dialog: Well, he treasured you, Mr. Potter, I can attest to that. I can also tell you that when a person passes, it’s only natural to rue the things left unsaid, to regret the question never asked. I knew Albus nigh on 100 years, but in many ways he will always remain a riddle even to me.
36) 36) dialog: That woman is a vulture, Muriel, and you well know it.
36) 38) dialog: I’m sorry you think so, Muriel. I assure you I was writing from the heart.
36) 40) dialog: A monstrous betrayal. I can only conclude the rumors are true and that she has become untethered.
36) 54) dialog: Nice meeting you, Mr. Potter! Doge extends his hand toward Harry when -- CRACK! -- he DISAPPARATES. (CONTINUED )