17) 0) text: HERMIONE flings her arms around Harry. RON gives hima clap on the back. Others emerge from the shadows: FRED,
18) 4) dialog: Wasn’t always this handsome. (CONTINUED )
18) 26) dialog: Well, none of us really fancy it, mate.
18) 38) dialog: Have a lot of experience with that, do you, Mad-Eye? Moody's eye rotates menacingly onto Fred.
18) 39) dialog: Just trying to defuse the tension. Fred takes the flask from George, followed by Ron, Hermione, Fleur and a less than overjoyed Mundungus. He scowls as the potion trickles past his lips and seconds later, his features -- like those of the others -- begin to bubble like hot wax. As the transformation completes, seven Harry Potters stand in the tiny kitchen.
18) 40) dialog: Wow -- we're identical!
18) 43) dialog: Yes, don’t fancy this color at all.
28) 0) text: Arthur Weasley, trailed by the others, stops dead. Molly looks up, her face saying it all. Fred comes up on his father’s shoulder, eyes stinging with tears as he sees his brother. As if sensing them, George stirs.
28) 1) dialog: How do you feel, Georgie?
28) 3) dialog: Come again? George opens his eyes, lifts a blood-crusted finger, and points to the dark cavity in the side of his skull.
28) 7) dialog: With the whole wide world of ear- related humor at your disposal, you go for holey? Pathetic.
28) 20) dialog: Better.
32) 0) text: Bird's-eye view: An ENORMOUS CIRCLE of SILK lies flat upon the ground. As Hagrid looks on, Arthur, Bill, Ron and Fred stand on its periphery, wands poised.
34) 4) dialog: Brilliant! Just then, the silk snaps and the trees in the surrounding orchard shiver in a rush of wind. Everyone steps clear of the marquee and watches a TALL WIZARD with GRIZZLED HAIR and SCARRED CHEEK materialize. RUFUS SCRIMGEOUR.
36) 0) text: The wedding party is in full swing. Harry, in dress robes, stands on the periphery, absently FINGERING THE SNITCH as Bill and Fleur twirl madly within a clapping circle of well-wishers. Harry's gaze drifts: to Ginny, laughing as Fred and George rush the dance floor, briefly sweep Fleur away from Bill, then begin to dance with each other; to Hermione, stunning in black silk: to Ron, who ignores all, his eyes focused entirely on Hermione. Far across the garden, Hagrid wends through the tables in his horrible hairy suit and presents a SLICE OF CAKE to a pleased OLYMPE MAXIME. (CONTINUED )