4) 0) text: +. RON, staring at the stars. He drops his gaze to the house, studies GINNY and MRS. WEASLEY, aglow in the light of the kitchen, watching them with affection, as if committing them to memory. His gaze shifts to the adjacent SHED. Inside, ARTHUR WEASLEY is bent over his workbench.
25) 0) text: The motorbike splashes down into the reeds, sputters, then cuts out altogether in a SMOKING HISSSSS. Harry glances about. A door opens in a crooked house. TWO SILHOUETTES appear, dash forward -- MRS. WEASLEY and GINNY.
25) 8) dialog: Ron and Tonks should've already been back. Dad and Fred as well. Suddenly, several yards away, a BLUE LIGHT burns in the darkness. Harry and Ginny rush towards it just as Lupin materializes, cradling an unconscious “Harry,” clothes torn, head awash in BLOOD. Harry takes in the surreal tableau, then watches “himself” transform into George, who bears the true damage. Ginny’s hands fly to her face.
25) 9) dialog: Oh my God! George!
26) 2) dialog: Remus! What’re you doing!
33) 1) dialog: Were you going to tell me? Harry turns, finds Ginny in the doorway in a beautiful dress.
33) 5) dialog: And Ron and Hermione. They’1l not be going back to Hogwarts either? Harry stares at her. She looks excruciatingly beautiful in the light streaming through the window.
33) 6) dialog: I see.
33) 8) dialog: Zip me up, will you. She turns. The dress is open to the small of her back. Harry steps forward and takes the zipper. As the panels close, concealing her skin, his fingers linger at the top, lightly brushing the nape of her neck. They stand like this, utterly still, the moment fraught.
33) 9) dialog: Seems silly, doesn’t it? A wedding. Given everything that’s going on.
36) 0) text: The wedding party is in full swing. Harry, in dress robes, stands on the periphery, absently FINGERING THE SNITCH as Bill and Fleur twirl madly within a clapping circle of well-wishers. Harry's gaze drifts: to Ginny, laughing as Fred and George rush the dance floor, briefly sweep Fleur away from Bill, then begin to dance with each other; to Hermione, stunning in black silk: to Ron, who ignores all, his eyes focused entirely on Hermione. Far across the garden, Hagrid wends through the tables in his horrible hairy suit and presents a SLICE OF CAKE to a pleased OLYMPE MAXIME. (CONTINUED )
52) 0) text: Dark wizards move down the aisle, flinging open cabin doors, in search of Harry. They pass Ginny and SEAMUS, KATIE BELL, LAVENDER, ROMILDA VANE and CORMAC.