1) 2) text: ... HERMIONE. She stares stoically at a LURID HEADLINE -- MUGGLE FAMILY MURDERED -- VIOLENCE SPREADS.
1) 4) dialog: Coming, Mum. (CONTINUED )
2) 0) text: As Hermione descends the stairs, MRS. GRANGER exits the kitchen with a teapot.
2) 9) dialog: Obliviate. Mrs. Granger's face goes briefly slack and she reaches out, as if to break a fall, then, slowly, her hand drops, coming to rest upon her husband’s. He blinks once, blankly, and then... enfolds her fingers in his. Hermione lowers her arm and, eyes stinging with tears, watches the PHOTOGRAPHS placed about the room begin to CHANGE. One by one, Hermione DISAPPEARS from each.
2) 10) dialog: Goodbye.
3) 0) text: Clutching the beaded bag, Hermione moves down the windswept street into the dying light. We BOOM UP TO the sky, HOLD briefly, then BOOM DOWN TO...
17) 0) text: HERMIONE flings her arms around Harry. RON gives hima clap on the back. Others emerge from the shadows: FRED,
18) 22) dialog: (a sigh) I told you he'd take it well.
18) 51) dialog: (wobbling a bit) Harry, your eyesight really is awful.
27) 0) text: Hermione and Kingsley stand together, looking shaken. As the others rush forward, Kingsley points his wand at Lupin.
27) 9) dialog: Really?
35) 0) text: Harry enters, trailed by Ron and Hermione. Scrimgeour gestures the trio to the sofa. Harry eyes Scrimgeour with thinly concealed contempt.
35) 9) dialog: We were friendly, not close like Harry, but --
35) 26) dialog: To Harry! It belongs to Harry! It chose him! It came to him in the Chamber of Secrets when he most needed it! (CONTINUED )
35) 34) dialog: Where is your guard, sir?
36) 0) text: The wedding party is in full swing. Harry, in dress robes, stands on the periphery, absently FINGERING THE SNITCH as Bill and Fleur twirl madly within a clapping circle of well-wishers. Harry's gaze drifts: to Ginny, laughing as Fred and George rush the dance floor, briefly sweep Fleur away from Bill, then begin to dance with each other; to Hermione, stunning in black silk: to Ron, who ignores all, his eyes focused entirely on Hermione. Far across the garden, Hagrid wends through the tables in his horrible hairy suit and presents a SLICE OF CAKE to a pleased OLYMPE MAXIME. (CONTINUED )
36) 57) dialog: Ron! Ron! Harry turns, sees Hermione glancing about frantically. As she turns, Ron comes INTO VIEW, pushes toward her. Suddenly the canopy above turns to ribbons as DEATH EATERS -- in dark cloaks and masks -- descend into the crowd. Arthur, Fred and George wield their wands. Harry sees a flower fall from Fleur’s hair, watches it crushed underfoot, then catches sight of Ginny through the madness as she draws her own wand, copper hair gleaming, eyes flashing. He starts toward her, when... Lupin crashes in, spinning him roughly round.
36) 60) dialog: Shaftesbury Avenue. I used to come here to the theater with my mum and dad. Just popped into my head. I don’t know why... They hurry on, glancing over their shoulders at the DARK SHAPES that move within the crowd behind them, STRANGERS bumping by, FACES passing in a paranoiac BLUR: a DRUNKEN MAN, a CACKLING WOMAN with BLOOD-RED LIPSTICK...
36) 61) dialog: This way! HARRY POTTER AND THE DEATHLY... - PT. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 3
37) 0) text: As they take refuge in the shadows, Hermione begins to rummage through her TINY BEADED PURSE.
37) 1) dialog: We need to change. Ron and Harry look at each other’s dress robes. From the purse, Hermione extracts -- in quick succession -- two pairs of jeans, T-shirts, and a pair of light overcoats.
37) 3) dialog: Undetectable Extension Charm.
37) 5) dialog: Always the tone of surprise. As she gives the bag a shake, there is LOUD echoing of heavy objects, as if something has fallen.
37) 6) dialog: That’1l be the books.
38) 3) dialog: Ron's right. Cappuccino, please. A gum-chewing WAITRESS stands behind Harry. Ron, clueless when it comes to cappuccinos, nods to Hermione.
38) 10) dialog: Too dangerous. If Voldemort’s taken over the Ministry, none of the old places are safe. The front door SQUEALS and TWO WORKMEN enter, glance idly at the trio and step to the counter.
38) 13) dialog: I've had the essentials packed for days. Just in case.
38) 21) dialog: Petrificus Totalus! He goes still. The Waitress steps from the backroom. Sees the trio. The wands. Her gum bubble... POPS.
38) 22) dialog: Go. She doesn’t argue.
38) 33) dialog: Obliviate. There is a FLASH OF LIGHT and we --
39) 2) dialog: Maybe you still have the Trace on you.
39) 5) dialog: We didn’t celebrate your birthday, Harry. Ginny and I -- we'd prepared a cake. We were going to bring it out at the end of the wedding... (CONTINUED )
39) 9) dialog: Right. Perspective.
40) 7) dialog: Mad-eye’s doing, I'd guess. In case Snape decided to come snooping. Just then, a FLOORBOARD CREAKS. The trio stiffen. Slowly, Hermione draws her wand, peers into the shadows.
40) 8) dialog: Homenum revelio. Nothing. Hermione lowers her wand. Explains.
40) 9) dialog: It’s a spell to reveal human presence. She extends her hand, watches the settling dust stream through her fingers.
40) 10) dialog: We're alone.
43) 0) text: ... Harry awakens, peering at the cobwebbed chandelier overhead. He sits up, looks at Hermione, asleep upon the sofa, her arm dangling down to where Ron lies upon the floor, her fingers only inches from his. Nearby, the RADIO HISSES SOFTLY, distant VOICES struggling to be heard.
45) 6) dialog: Harry! Harry!
46) 0) text: Harry steps out, finds Hermione dashing up the stairs. Seeing him, she exhales in relief. CALLS OUT:
46) 1) dialog: Ron! I’ve found him!
46) 3) dialog: Harry, you can’t just disappear. We thought -- She stops as Harry hands her the letter. She reads.
46) 4) dialog: It’s from your Mum. To Sirius. Bathilda Bagshot...?
46) 6) dialog: (with irony) Did she now? (CONTINUED )
46) 10) dialog: Harry. I can imagine why you'd want to go there, but... I don’t think Bathilda Bagshot is going to know where Voldemort hid his Horcruxes. Harry starts to respond, frowns. Hermione reaches out, touches his face lightly.
47) 0) text: Ron peers out a curtain as Hermione and Harry join him. In the courtyard outside, TWO DARK figures stand near a tree. ANOTHER sits on a bench.
47) 2) dialog: Lovely. Ron pulls the door shut. Affixed to the outside is a SMALL SIGN, hand-lettered in a spidery crawl: Do Not Enter (CONTINUED )
47) 5) dialog: Regulus Arcturus Black...? Hermione GASPS. Ron nods, extends his hand and taps the first letter of each name on the sign.
48) 5) dialog: Yes. Question is, did he actually destroy the real Horcrux? Harry nods... then spots a SHADOW trembling on the wall just outside the kitchen. He scrambles up and out of sight.
48) 12) dialog: Maybe he knows. Harry glances at her, realizes what she means, takes the locket and dangles it before Kreacher’s massive eyes like a hypnotist. Kreacher watches it sway back and forth.
48) 19) dialog: But was it here? Did you ever see it? Kreacher spins, his face ugly and vicious:
48) 24) dialog: Ron! RON! Reluctantly, Ron releases the elf.
53) 0) text: Dark wizards smash through the front door, enter the parlor. The photographs still sit upon the mantle, showing only Hermione’s parents, the tea they’d been drinking still sitting on the table, dried up, but unwashed...
55) 1) dialog: They have flesh memories. Harry turns, sees that Hermione is eyeing the Snitch.
55) 2) dialog: Snitches. They’re never touched by bare skin until the Seeker captures it. Even the wizard who fabricates it wears gloves. That way, if there’s a dispute, the Snitch can identify who first touched it.
55) 4) dialog: (nodding) When Scrimgeour first gave it to you, I thought it might open at your touch -- that Dumbledore had hidden something in it. Harry ponders this, eyeing the wings flapping slowly, then... Crack! A SOUND ECHOES down the hall.
56) 0) text: Harry and Hermione race into the kitchen. CRAZY SHADOWS spill from a far door and POTS CRASH. Suddenly, a TINY FIGURE, WET AND RAGGED, tumbles INTO VIEW, bangs into the wall opposite, and scrambles up. As he starts back for the kitchen, he stops. Sees Harry. Smiles. DOBBY.
57) 1) dialog: Expelliarmus! Mundungus’ wand soars into the air... into Hermione’s hand.
57) 13) dialog: Stop lying! Hermione begins to move toward Mundungus. Ron reaches out, takes her by the shoulders, eyes Mundungus warningly.
57) 17) dialog: You've still got it.
59) 0) text: ... helps Harry hustle her OUT OF VIEW. They prop her up between TWO WIZARDS, one tall, one short, both UNCONSCIOUS. Hermione is pouring POLYJUICE POTION into THREE CUPS.
59) 2) dialog: Well, unless one of you fancies wearing a skirt... Hermione leans down, PLUCKS a HAIR from the witch. Ron frowns as he surveys the two remaining wizards.
59) 3) dialog: Remember what we said. Keep your eyes down. Don’t speak to anyone unless absolutely necessary. Act as normal as possible. Just do what you see everyone else doing. We do that -- and with a bit of luck -- we get ourselves inside. And then...
59) 5) dialog: Correct. Harry and Hermione look once more at the STUNNED TRIO before them.
59) 11) dialog: Completely, utterly, without question.
63) 0) text: +. he comes shooting out of a FIREPLACE into the grand atrium of the Ministry of Magic. He sees Hermione’s already arrived and standing before a MASSIVE STATUE of BLACK STONE depicting a witch and wizard sitting upon hundreds of naked bodies twisted in pain. Harry joins her.
66) 0) text: Standing next to a LONG-HAIRED WIZARD, her neck enwrapped in a fuzzy PINK SCARF, is DOLORES UMBRIDGE. She looks up from the clipboard in her hand and sees Hermione.
72) 0) text: Harry races inside, hits a button and watches the grilles close. He glances at his reflection in the mirrored wall. Bares his teeth. Hermione’s right. They’re awful. Just then, the grilles clang open and Ron enters, soaking wet and wild-eyed.
72) 39) dialog: Relashio! The chains encircling Mary Cattermole’s wrists drop like dead snakes. As she stands, she eyes Harry in amazement as he transforms back into himself. (CONTINUED )
73) 2) dialog: Harry... they’ve seen you. We’ve got to get out of here. Harry nods, quickens his pace. Ron glances about, then turns, facing Mary as he continues to walk backwards.
74) 1) dialog: Harry, quickly, in my bag, there’s a small bottle labeled ‘Essence of Dittany.’ (CONTINUED )
74) 4) dialog: Quickly! Harry blinks, stumbles dizzily to the bag. As he reaches in, objects present themselves in furious succession.
74) 6) dialog: Unstopper it. Hermione rips open Ron’s shirt, which is soaked in blood. The flesh of his upper arm is flayed, as if someone had scooped a portion away.
74) 8) dialog: Just do it! Harry does so, hands her the bottle. She sprinkles three drops onto Ron’s BLEEDING WOUND. Greenish SMOKE billows.
74) 10) dialog: We were. We were there. But Yaxley had hold of me. I knew we couldn’t stay once he’d seen, so when he let go I brought us here. Ron got Splinched. I’m... sorry.
74) 12) dialog: It’s all I feel safe doing. Hermione rises, takes out her wand and begins to walk in a wide circle, MUTTERING.
74) 13) dialog: Salvio Hexia... Protego Totalum... (CONTINUED )
74) 17) dialog: Protective enchantments. I don’t fancy another visit like we had on Shaftesbury Avenue, do you? Especially with Ron like this. You can get going on the tent...
74) 19) dialog: Repello Muggletum... Muffliato...
76) 0) text: Hermione pours tea from a kettle into cups.
76) 1) dialog: How’re the mushrooms? Seem to be the only edible things growing round here. Harry grimaces as he chews. “Edible” is clearly debatable.
76) 3) dialog: Make sure to leave some for Ron.
76) 8) dialog: He'll be alright in a few days. Hopefully. If we could take him to Hogwarts, to Madam Pomfrey -- Harry's glance stops her, confirming what she knows.
76) 9) dialog: So where do we go next?
76) 11) dialog: It scares me a bit, that, thinking it’s a piece of Vol--
76) 16) dialog: (no longer confident) Dinner? (CONTINUED )
76) 20) dialog: Tea? Ron nods. Grimacing, he pushes himself up, notices he’s wearing a SLING of Hermione’s fashioning. He looks from it to her as she tends the tea, a flicker of remorse playing over his face for his “dinner” remarks.
76) 24) dialog: I hate it. It’s like he’s here with us.
77) 3) dialog: Incendio! Flames engulf the locket and its metal flesh turns scarlet, but then the flames die. (CONTINUED )
77) 9) dialog: Confringo! The ground beneath the stump craters, but the locket remains untouched. Hermione lowers her wand, but Harry continues on, firing a succession of spells, looking almost possessed. Hermione studies him oddly until, finally, he stops. All goes silent except for the leaves shifting in wind above. Then, slowly, another sound comes clear... a TICKING. Coming from the locket.
77) 11) dialog: What’re you doing?
77) 13) dialog: I can put it in my bag --
81) 0) text: Harry's eyes flutter open. He sees Hermione, beautiful in the amber dusk, standing a bit away, studying him.
81) 1) dialog: I thought it had stopped. Harry looks at her, shakes his head.
81) 2) dialog: You can’t let him in, Harry. Dumbledore himself said it. You have to close your mind. It’s too dangerous --
81) 4) dialog: Tell me. What you saw. (CONTINUED )
81) 9) dialog: The wandmaker?
81) 11) dialog: Viktor got his wand from Gregorovitch. Most Durmstrang students did at one time. What’s he got to do with You-Know-Who? (CONTINUED )
81) 15) dialog: Don’t -- It... comforts him.
81) 17) dialog: I think he just hopes he doesn’t hear bad news. It gets him through the day.
81) 19) dialog: We've all made sacrifices, Harry. Harry eyes her expressionlessly, nods toward the tent.
81) 21) dialog: I don’t know. It takes time. I’m doing all I can.
81) 23) dialog: Take it off. Harry turns, sees Hermione studying him closely. She points toward his throat, toward the locket.
81) 24) dialog: Take it off. Now. Harry slips the locket off... REACTS. (CONTINUED )
81) 27) dialog: Better?
81) 29) dialog: It’s cold. Even though it’s been lying against your skin for days. Hermione sees Harry studying the locket, troubled.
81) 30) dialog: We'll take turns. Okay? Hermione slips it over her neck. She frowns briefly, sensing its presence, then looks up at Harry. He studies her, then nods.
83) 0) text: Hermione huddles outside in the frigid darkness, trembling. Her eyes rake the trees. Deep within, there is, for the briefest of instances... movement. Or so it seems. She squints. Sees nothing. Returns her chin to her chest. As she does, something carries on the air... laughter. The cackle of... boys? Or so it seems. Her chin rises. She looks again into the trees...
85) 0) text: Hermione moves toward the trees... 102 103 HARRY POTTER AND THE DEATHLY... - PT. 1 - Rev. 6/11/10 77
87) 0) text: Hermione moves deeper into the trees, then stops. SHADOWS splinter amid the towering trunks and VOICES come clearer. Standing utterly still, Hermione watches as a GANG of SNATCHERS make their way in her direction. They look unwashed and feral, as if they’ve been in the wild for some time. As they pass, within feet of her, but unable to see her, only Hermione’s eyes track their passage. As before Scabior leads the way, FENRIR GREYBACK at his side. Abruptly, Scabior stops, eyes narrowing.
87) 8) dialog: He could smell it. My perfume.
88) 0) text: Ron pushes past the tent flap, peers into the darkness. In the distance, he sees Harry and Hermione. Standing close.
89) 0) text: Hermione hugs herself. Shivers.
89) 2) dialog: I told you. Ron’s not strong enough to Apparate.
90) 0) text: We PAN DOWN FROM the sky, FIND the HORIZON. THREE FIGURES approach in the distance. Harry. Hermione. Ron. We HOLD. Then, faintly, so faint it can barely be heard at first, a SOFT WHISTLING SOUND rises on the breeze. We PAN BACK UP. Slowly, one by one, DOTS perforate the blue. The WHISTLING SOUND BUILDS. Harry stops, listening, then turns. Hermione trailing a few feet behind, stops, eyeing him questioningly. We RACK FOCUS, OVER her shoulder, watch the DOTS attenuate, take the shape of PLUMES.
92) 0) text: An epic flyover. Three small figures move slowly below. One figure -- Ron -- trails the other two: Harry and Hermione. We CUT DOWN TO ground level. TO Ron. He glances about sullenly, staring at the forsaken landscape, then looks up ahead to Harry and Hermione. The sight of them, walking side-by-side, does nothing to improve his mood.
92) 7) dialog: (tenderly) No one can conjure food out of thin air. Food is the first of the five Principal Exceptions to Gamp’s Law. The other four are --
92) 13) dialog: Good plan.
93) 0) text: A light RAIN falls. Harry, wearing the locket now, walks the perimeter of the camp. He glowers toward the tent in the distance. In the tent, safe, warm and out of earshot, Hermione tends to Ron’s arm as he stares at Harry.
93) 2) dialog: None of us do.
95) 0) text: The charred husks of several RVs -- hulking black masses -- lay about the ash-ridden park. Ron, trailed by Harry and Hermione, pauses. His eyes scan the scorched earth, fix on a BLACKENED SWING, swaying back and forth in a tiny playground. His eyes shift to the ground and he crouches. His fingers shift the dry dirt, reveal a SHINY TOY not of Muggle making.
95) 2) dialog: I don’t like this place. Harry and Ron both turn, look at her.
95) 3) dialog: I want to go.
97) 4) dialog: Oh my god...
97) 6) dialog: I‘11 tell you in a minute. Harry watches his hair dropping to the ground.
97) 8) dialog: Alright. The Sword of Gryffindor? It’s Goblin made.
97) 10) dialog: You don’t understand. Dirt and rust have no effect on the blade. It only takes in that which makes it stronger.
97) 12) dialog: Harry. You already destroyed one Horcrux, right? Tom Riddle’s diary -- in the Chamber of Secrets.
97) 14) dialog: Don’t you see! In the Chamber of Secrets, you stabbed the basilisk with the Sword of Gryffindor. (MORE ) (CONTINUED )
97) 17) dialog: Its blade is impregnated with basilisk venom.
97) 19) dialog: Exactly! Which means...
97) 21) dialog: Which is why Dumbledore left it to you in his will.
97) 23) dialog: Actually, I’m highly logical, which allows me to look past the extraneous detail and perceive clearly that which others overlook.
97) 36) dialog: (quietly) Ron...
97) 45) dialog: Take it off, Ron. Please take it off. You wouldn’t be talking like this if you hadn’t been wearing it all day --
97) 47) dialog: Harry, we weren’t --
97) 49) dialog: I didn’t! Not like that! Harry -- I didn’t!
97) 55) dialog: Stop! Stop! They let go, step back. Harry points to Ron’s neck.
97) 60) dialog: Me?
97) 65) dialog: What? Ron, no -- please -- He whips aside the tent flap and the RAIN ROARS. As Hermione rushes after him, she tips over the radio. As it HISSES Harry glowers at the Horcrux. Seconds later, Hermione returns, sopping hair plastered to her face.
97) 66) dialog: He’s gone. EXT. RIVERBANK —- MORNING 110 The river flows quietly, thick and muddy from the previous night’s rain. Harry emerges from the tent, peers into the trees. Hermione stands far down by the riverbank, tying the red scarf to a tree.
98) 0) text: Hermione, eyes red from crying, clutches the beaded bag in one hand while the locket dangles from the other. She peers one last time toward the trees, then, without turning, reaches out her hand. Harry studies her, then steps forward, gently takes her fingers in his. Instantly... ... they Disapparate, pitched into a whirlwind of darkness. As they reappear...
99) 0) text: ++. on a windswept hillside, their hands break free and Hermione stumbles away, sobs racking her body as she buries her face in her hands. Harry watches her, then turns away, takes out his wand and begins to walk in a circle, casting enchantments in a soft voice.
101) 0) text: As Harry ducks into the tent, Hermione looks up.
101) 1) dialog: It’s a Muggle station. Hermione smiles and Harry does too. Harry listens then, debating, reaches out his hand. Hermione eyes him uncertainly, then allows him to pull her to her feet. He steps forward, gently removes the locket from her neck and tosses it to the ground. She looks at it, then back to him. He smiles and, without prompting... «+. they begin to dance, tentatively at first, then letting themselves go.
102) 0) text: Their shadows flicker upon the canvas like joyous shadow puppets, moving with abandon until, abruptly, the signal slips away and... INT. TENT —- SAME TIME - DUSK 116 «+. the STATIC returns. Their smiles fade. They stop moving. Hermione averts her eyes, exits. Harry watches her go, then takes the locket from the floor, slings it over his neck.
103) 0) text: Hermione, wrapped in a blanket, sits just outside the tent by a wind-whipped fire, going back and forth between Tales of Beedle the Bard and another book, Spellman’s Syllabary.
105) 2) dialog: ‘I open at the close?’
105) 4) dialog: I don’t know. But look, I’ve found something as well... She turns The Tales of Beedle the Bard into the flickering light, points to the top of the title page, to a SMALL DRAWING of a TRIANGULAR EYE.
105) 5) dialog: I thought it was a picture of an eye, but now I don’t think it is. It isn’t a rune and it’s not in Spellman’s Syllabary either. And it’s been inked in -- somebody drew it -- it isn’t part of the book.
105) 9) dialog: What d’you mean -- wearing it?
105) 11) dialog: Why would someone have drawn it in a children’s book? As Hermione shakes her head, musing, Harry eyes her.
105) 13) dialog: And it’s exactly where You-Know- Who will expect you to go. Because it means something to you.
105) 15) dialog: It’s dangerous, Harry. But I have to admit, recently even I’ve been thinking we might have to go. I think it’s possible something else is hidden there. (off Harry’s look) The sword. If Dumbledore didn’t want it falling into the Ministry’s hands, but wanted you to find it, what better place to hide it than the birthplace of the founder of Gryffindor himself? (CONTINUED )
105) 19) dialog: (eyeing him knowingly) Harry, did you ever even open A History of Magic?
105) 22) dialog: Don’t ever let me give you a haircut again. EXT. GODRIC’S HOLLOW - NIGHT 120 Golden streetlights glimmer along a narrow road leading to the center of town. Christmas decorations twinkle in the windows of small cottages, roofs blanketed in snow. Hermione and Harry Apparate INTO VIEW, wearing HEAVY COATS and hats, scarves wrapped around their mouths.
105) 23) dialog: I still think we should’ve used Polyjuice Potion.
106) 0) text: Harry and Hermione walk, arms linked. A PUB DOOR opens briefly and LAUGHTER and MUSIC spill forth. (CONTINUED )
106) 3) dialog: Harry, I think it’s Christmas Eve! Listen... Her voice is wistful. As they listen, VOICES carry from the church up ahead. Harry eyes the GRAVEYARD beyond.
106) 5) dialog: Yeah. I think they would.
107) 0) text: The SINGING is FULL AND RICH here as Harry and Hermione make their way through the snow toward the graveyard. Harry peers up at the STAINED GLASS windows glittering over him.
108) 0) text: Harry pushes through a gate, then lets go of Hermione’s hand, row upon row of snowy tombstones stretch before him. As he heads off, Hermione studies him, then follows.
108) 2) dialog: Harry.
108) 4) dialog: No. But look. Harry steps over, looks: KENDRA DUMBLEDORE AND HER DAUGHTER ARIANA. A quotation is etched in the granite: “Where your treasure is, there will your heart be also.”
108) 5) dialog: Did you know he had a sister? Harry stares at the stone, his face a mask. (CONTINUED )
108) 10) dialog: Lumos. Hermione plays the wand’s light over the surface of the stone, then stops. Though deeply worn by time, the symbol is unmistakable: the TRIANGULAR EYE. Hermione rakes the light over the name: IGNOTUS PEVERELL.
108) 11) dialog: Ignotus... Hey, Har -- She stops. Harry stands several rows away. Utterly still.
108) 15) dialog: Happy Christmas, Harry. Hermione laces her arm around his waist and he drapes his arm over her shoulder. They stand silently. Then:
108) 16) dialog: Harry... (CONTINUED )
108) 20) dialog: Someone's watching us. By the gate. Harry nods, careful not to look too soon, then glances up. A STOOPED FIGURE, barely discernible in the drifting snow, stands in the shadows of the church. She -- it is distinctly female, and older -- doesn’t move initially -- as if wanting Harry to see her -- then turns away.
109) 0) text: All light has left the sky. The stooped figure hobbles along, past the pub, where shadows play against the windows and muffled voices can be heard. Harry and Hermione follow.
110) 0) text: Hermione eyes the woman ahead, then looks about their surroundings, feeling trapped.
110) 1) dialog: I don’t think this is a good idea.
110) 3) dialog: Muggles who've just been laying flowers on your parents’ grave. Just then, up ahead, the stooped woman holds up her hand and Hermione and Harry stop. Seconds later, a group of SNATCHERS passes by the alley. As they vanish, the woman continues on.
111) 0) text: The woman hobbles on. The lane is lined with modest cottages with small and tidy gardens. Hermione barely gives them a glance, nervously eyeing the woman ahead, before realizing she is walking alone. (CONTINUED )
111) 3) dialog: Omigod. Harry...
111) 6) dialog: Harry, I’m not sure about this.
111) 8) dialog: There’s something odd about her. And what’s that smell?
111) 13) dialog: You have a lovely house, Miss Bagshot. Hermione eyes a PHOTOGRAPH of a CURIOUSLY COMPELLING YOUNG GIRL (ARIANA), then runs a finger along a table. It comes away thick with dust. She frowns, looks up, finds Bathilda watching her.
111) 18) dialog: All right... As Hermione moves, Bathilda shakes her head, points at Harry.
111) 20) dialog: Why? (CONTINUED )
111) 24) dialog: Harry... Harry holds up his hand, silencing her, then follows Bathilda. Just before he disappears, he looks back and winks, but Hermione doesn’t look reassured.
115) 0) text: Hermione hugs herself as she exits the sitting room and peers into the adjacent hallway. A sliver of the kitchen can be seen and a faint BUZZING heard. A strange SHADOW dances on one kitchen wall, of SPECKS moving. Hermione approaches.
117) 0) text: As Hermione nears the kitchen, she eyes the CLOUD of SPECKS swarming the wall curiously. The BUZZING GROWS to a HISS as the room... comes INTO VIEW. Hermione GASPS. CLOTTED BLOOD streaks the sink and great wide swaths of RED stain the floor where HUNDREDS OF FLIES swarm.
119) 0) text: Hermione, wand drawn, ascends the stairs.
120) 3) dialog: Harry! As Harry rolls onto his back, gasping for breath, Nagini’s massive body rolls over him, the Horcrux ticking feverishly against his chest. As Harry ROARS in pain, the lenses of his GLASSES fracture. The bedroom door swings open, reveals Hermione silhouetted against the stairwell, wand poised. A FLASH OF RED LIGHT ricochets around the room and Nagini’s tail whips angrily about, shattering the bedroom window. Hermione dives aside and Harry covers his face as the curtains burst into flames and shards of glass shower the room in a rush of cold air. As Harry reclaims his wand and rises, Nagini’s body uncoils in fury, splintering furniture and blasting holes into the walls.
120) 4) dialog: Confringo! As Hermione’s spell caroms off the trembling walls, we see both her and Harry reflected in a MIRROR. He leaps, sweeping her toward the smoldering window. As they pitch themselves into the night, the mirror EXPLODES and shards of glass, reflecting bits of Hermione and Harry and the giant snake, tumble in the night, slowly vanishing into... nothingness.
121) 0) text: Weirdly quiet. Like the memory of a day long ago. A lone figure -- Hermione -- walks from the river to the woods, a pail of water in hand, leaving silent footprints in the FROST that glitters on the ground.
122) 0) text: DARKNESS. For a moment, we hear nothing. Then, Hermione’s voice SOFTLY WHISPERS:
122) 1) dialog: Harry... Harry, can you hear me...?
122) 3) dialog: Good. That’s good... (CONTINUED )
122) 9) dialog: Yes.
122) 11) dialog: I’m fine. But you’ve been sick. Rest... Rest a bit more... All stays DARK...
123) 0) text: Hermione sits reading a BOOK by the fire. The hillside is glorious, overlooking a vast valley.
123) 2) dialog: The Forest of Dean. I came here once with my mum and dad, years ago. It’s just how I remember it. The trees. The river. It’s like nothing’s changed. Not true, of course. Everything’s changed. If I brought my parents here, they wouldn’t recognize any of it. Not the trees. Not the river. Not... me.
123) 4) dialog: Wendell and Monica Wilkens now reside happily in Sydney, Australia. They have two dogs, run a small sweet shop, but floss daily. No children. She smiles, then it fades.
123) 5) dialog: Maybe we should just stay here, Harry. Grow old. Harry has no words. She inhales, shakes off her tears. (CONTINUED )
123) 8) dialog: You wanted to know who the boy in the photograph was. Well, I know. (CONTINUED )
123) 11) dialog: It was in Bathilda’s sitting room. Rita Skeeter had sent it to her. Harry, it doesn’t make for very nice reading --
123) 13) dialog: Yes.
123) 15) dialog: For a time.
123) 17) dialog: Gellert Grindelwald. He’s not very well known in Britain, but there was a time, before You-Know- Who...
123) 19) dialog: When Grindelwald was seventeen, he was expelled from Durmstrang. He’d started doing some twisted things at school -- experiments. A few teachers had always protected him, but they couldn't anymore. After he left, he traveled for awhile, then ended up in Godric’s Hollow where his great aunt lived, Bathilda Bagshot. (CONTINUED )
123) 23) dialog: She introduced him to Dumbledore. It made sense. Dumbledore’s mother had just died, Grindelwald was troubled and they were both brilliant -- they’d never really had anyone they could talk to on the same level. They did a lot of talking that summer. But they always returned to one particular subject. Harry looks up.
123) 24) dialog: Wizard rule over Muggles.
123) 26) dialog: Yes. Harry nods, looking at the photograph again.
123) 28) dialog: It was something Dumbledore came up with. He believed wizards were superior and should rule over Muggles, but gently, for their own good. Grindelwald took a more violent position. Harry shakes his head, staring at the book.
123) 29) dialog: It was a different time, Harry. It was one summer. Dumbledore was young --
123) 33) dialog: He changed, Harry. Years later, it was Dumbledore who put Grindelwald in prison. (CONTINUED )
123) 38) dialog: It’s my fault. As we were leaving Godric’s Hollow, I cast a curse and it rebounded... I’m sorry, Harry, I tried to mend it but wands are different --
123) 40) dialog: Maybe we can --
123) 43) dialog: He loved you, Harry. I know he loved you. She trails her fingers lightly over his hair, and he closes his eyes. We --
124) 0) text: The fire is merely embers. Harry sits with a frost- encrusted blanket draped over his shoulders, staring bitterly into the dark forest. The silence is eerie, SHADOWS play in the trees. He peers through the tent flap and sees Hermione slumbering in the light of a SMALL BOWL of FLAMES. Then, slowly, LIGHT CRAWLS briefly over the tent canvas and he turns, peers into the forest once more. Something seems to GLIMMER FAINTLY, but so briefly as to seem a trick of the eye. The air is cold, gives texture to the darkness, makes it a living thing. (CONTINUED )
128) 0) text: The bowl of flames boils timidly now; Hermione still slumbers.
129) 0) text: Harry sticks the sword in the ground. As Hermione emerges, she blinks against the brightness of the morning sun.
129) 1) dialog: Everything all right?
129) 5) dialog: (with each punch) You -- complete -- arse -- Ronald -- Weasley! You crawl back here after all these weeks and say, ‘Hey?’ (turning to Harry) Where’s my wand? Harry, where’s my wand! Harry places his hand over his pocket.
129) 7) dialog: Harry Potter, you give me my wand!
129) 9) dialog: Never mind why he’s got my wand -- (stopping) What is that? (CONTINUED )
129) 12) dialog: You destroyed it? Hermione glances at Harry. He indicates Ron. She turns back to Ron. He nods. She starts to speak when her eyes shift, see the sword stuck in the ground.
129) 13) dialog: And exactly how is it you have the Sword of Gryffindor?
129) 15) dialog: Don’t think this changes anything.
129) 17) dialog: See me doing what things? Ron blinks, mortified. Hermione turns to Harry.
129) 18) dialog: What happened out there?
129) 31) dialog: And what may I ask did I say?
130) 16) dialog: What’s going on in there?
130) 19) dialog: We need to talk. Ron wheels, sees Hermione standing in the mouth of the tent, Life and Lies in hand, looking at Harry.
130) 21) dialog: (ignoring him) I want to go and see Xenophilius Lovegood.
130) 23) dialog: See this? It’s a letter Dumbledore wrote to Grindelwald. Look at the signature. It’s the mark again. Hermione turns the book in Harry’s direction. Dumbledore replaced the “A” in Albus with the TRIANGULAR EYE.
130) 24) dialog: It keeps cropping up. Here. In Beedle the Bard. In the graveyard in Godric’s Hollow -- what? (CONTINUED )
132) 2) dialog: Where?
132) 5) dialog: Harry, you don’t have a clue where the next Horcrux is. And neither do I. But this, this means something. I’m sure of it.
133) 0) text: The sun hangs low over a hillside gloriously free of snow. Ron leads the way, far ahead of Harry and Hermione.
133) 2) dialog: I’m always mad at him. (CONTINUED )
133) 6) dialog: Luna.
134) 0) text: A SIGN is tacked to a door studded with nails: “THE QUIBBLER. EDITOR: X. LOVEGOOD. Hermione raps three times.
135) 14) dialog: Do you see that? (CONTINUED )
135) 18) dialog: No! Don’t go near it! Harry stops.
135) 19) dialog: It’s an Erumpent horn. It’s a Class B Tradeable Material. Harry and Ron exchange a “she’s mental” glance.
135) 22) dialog: Where is Luna, sir?
135) 28) dialog: The what? (CONTINUED )
135) 32) dialog: Yes. No. Harry looks at the others, then Hermione reaches into her beaded bag and pulls out The Tales of Beedle the Bard.
135) 33) dialog: It’s in here.
135) 35) dialog: Granger. Well... all right. (opening the book) There were once three brothers who were traveling along a lonely, winding road at twilight --
135) 37) dialog: In time, the brothers reached a river too treacherous to pass... As Hermione continues, Lovegood looks out the window. A CROW cycles INTO VIEW and we FOLLOW it, the sky DARKENING...
135) 39) dialog: But being learned in the magical arts, the three brothers simply waved their wands and made a bridge. They were halfway across it when they found their path blocked by a hooded figure. (CONTINUED )
135) 42) dialog: It was Death and he felt cheated, for travelers usually drowned in the river. But Death was cunning. He granted each brother a wish for their cleverness. The oldest, who was a combative man, asked for a wand more powerful than any in existence. So Death fashioned one from an elder tree on the banks of the river. All of this is dramatized in surreal silhouette.
135) 43) dialog: The second brother, who was an arrogant man, asked for the power to recall others from Death. So Death plucked a stone from the river. Finally Death turned to the third brother. A humble man, he asked for something that would make him disappear. And so it was that Death handed over his own Cloak of Invisibility. Death then stepped aside and the brothers went their separate ways... We see the brothers cross the bridge, and part.
135) 44) dialog: The first brother traveled to a distant village where, with Elder Wand in hand, he killed a wizard with whom he had once quarreled. Proceeding to an Inn, he bragged of his invincibility. But that very night... We see a wizard, in shadow, slip into a room, KNIFE in hand.
135) 45) dialog: +. another wizard crept upon him as he lay sleeping. He took the Elder Wand... and slit the brother’s throat for good measure. And so Death took the first brother for his own... We see the second brother approach a cottage. (CONTINUED )
135) 48) dialog: Meanwhile, the second brother journeyed to his home, where he took out the stone and turned it thrice in hand. To his delight, the girl he had once hoped to Marry before her untimely death appeared before him. Yet soon she turned sad and cold, for she did not belong in the mortal world. Driven mad with hopeless longing, the second brother killed himself so as to join her. And so Death took the second brother... We see Death etched upon a bleak hillside.
135) 49) dialog: As for the third brother, Death searched for many years but was never able to find him. Only when he had attained a great age did the youngest brother shed the Cloak of Invisibility and give it to his son. He then greeted Death as an old friend and went with him gladly, departing this life as equals... As Death and the third brother retreat, the crow returns, beating into the sky, which LIGHTENS, and we PULL BACK...
136) 8) dialog: Mr. Lovegood, does the Peverell family have anything to do with the Deathly Hallows? (to Harry and Ron) That was the name on the grave with the mark on it in Godric’s Hollow. Ignotus Peverell.
136) 13) dialog: It’s obvious, isn’t it? All three speak at once: (CONTINUED )
136) 16) dialog: The Wand. The Cloak.
136) 19) dialog: Its owner grew drunk with power and was murdered.
136) 21) dialog: (rolling her eyes) Why the Stone, Harry?
136) 23) dialog: (gentle But according to the story they don’t want to come back. It’s all rubbish anyway. There’s no such thing as the Deathly Hallows.
136) 25) dialog: There have always been Cloaks --
136) 30) dialog: Mr. Lovegood. Thank you, sir --
136) 35) dialog: No matter, sir. We really ought to be go--
136) 45) dialog: Ron! Harry! Take my hand! Harry and Ron begin to crawl on their knees toward Hermione when another volley of spells ricochet about the room and -- ping! -- strike the Gurdyroot teapot. As Hermione watches, it flies into the air, tumbling end over end toward the Erumpent Horn. Harry’s hand closes on hers, Ron reaches out and... .+. the teapot strikes the Erumpent Horn.
137) 0) text: There is a COLOSSAL EXPLOSION. The second floor of the black cylinder ruptures. Quibblers belch into the air like confetti as Lovegood narrowly escapes and the Death Eaters are engulfed and Harry, Ron and Hermione...
139) 0) text: Harry, Ron and Hermione DASH through the trees. As they diverge, we CUT BACK AND FORTH BETWEEN THE THREE: Hermione, swift as the wind, flickers through the trees as Scabior pursues her. Harry slashes through the river, looks up, and sees a Snatcher leap across the divide from one tree to another. Ron pounds through thick brush, over a fallen tree. The forest grows more dense, the shadows thicken. Spells splinter through the trees, ropes of light lace the night. Hermione stumbles, regains her footing, finds herself in a clearing. Another figure pelts toward her: Harry. (CONTINUED )
142) 0) text: Harry blinks and IN A (SWOLLEN) BLUR peers at Hermione,
142) 4) dialog: What’re you saying?
142) 7) dialog: Stop it!
142) 22) dialog: Penelope Clearwater. Half-blood. Scabior strokes the nape of Hermione’s neck, then takes her hair in hand, sniffs it.
144) 0) text: Scabior and the others escort Harry, Ron and Hermione past the yew hedges. Hermione eyes the white peacock, looking like a ghostly lawn ornament. Harry WHISPERS:
144) 2) dialog: A Stinging Jinx.
144) 4) dialog: Not long. Harry glances down, sees his GLASSES cupped in Hermione’s palm. As he slips them into his pocket, the group suddenly slows. Up ahead, on the other side of the gate, BELLATRIX, LUCIUS and NARCISSA approach. Scabior grabs Harry's arm, pushes his face up to the iron bars. Bellatrix steps close.