87) 0) text: Hermione moves deeper into the trees, then stops. SHADOWS splinter amid the towering trunks and VOICES come clearer. Standing utterly still, Hermione watches as a GANG of SNATCHERS make their way in her direction. They look unwashed and feral, as if they’ve been in the wild for some time. As they pass, within feet of her, but unable to see her, only Hermione’s eyes track their passage. As before Scabior leads the way, FENRIR GREYBACK at his side. Abruptly, Scabior stops, eyes narrowing.
87) 1) dialog: What’s that? That... smell? The others glance about dumbly. Scabior retraces his steps until he stands directly in front of Hermione, his eyes looking right through her. He leans forward ever-so- slightly, only inches from her neck, NOSTRILS FLARING. The locket TICKS, trembling upon Hermione’s breastbone. Then, slowly, Scabior pulls back, eyes probing the darkness, before withdrawing, leading the others away. The last pair drag what appear to be BODIES. As they vanish within the trees, Hermione finally swallows.
138) 6) dialog: Hello, beautiful.
139) 0) text: Harry, Ron and Hermione DASH through the trees. As they diverge, we CUT BACK AND FORTH BETWEEN THE THREE: Hermione, swift as the wind, flickers through the trees as Scabior pursues her. Harry slashes through the river, looks up, and sees a Snatcher leap across the divide from one tree to another. Ron pounds through thick brush, over a fallen tree. The forest grows more dense, the shadows thicken. Spells splinter through the trees, ropes of light lace the night. Hermione stumbles, regains her footing, finds herself in a clearing. Another figure pelts toward her: Harry. (CONTINUED )
142) 8) dialog: Your boyfriend’1l get worse than that if he doesn’t behave, lovely. Scabior paints her face with light then casts it on Harry. Harry peers up, his eyes SWOLLEN to slits, his face HORRIBLY MISSHAPEN.
142) 9) dialog: What happened to you, ugly? Harry’s hand finds his face, feels the lumps.
142) 10) dialog: What’s your name?
142) 14) dialog: Check the list. And you, ginger?
142) 16) dialog: Like ‘ell you are. We know skinny Stan. Try again. Greyback, his boot to Ron’s neck, presses harder.
142) 18) dialog: Weasley, eh? Wouldn’t be related to that blood traitor Arthur Weasley, would you?
142) 20) dialog: Worth ten times you if I can find him. Wasn't you that tipped him off, was it? Ron stays mute. Scabior turns to Hermione.
142) 21) dialog: How ‘bout you, lovely? What do they call you...?
142) 23) dialog: You smell like vanilla, Penelope. I think you’re going to be my favorite.
142) 29) dialog: Change of plans, boys. We won’t be taking this lot to the Ministry.
144) 0) text: Scabior and the others escort Harry, Ron and Hermione past the yew hedges. Hermione eyes the white peacock, looking like a ghostly lawn ornament. Harry WHISPERS: