2) 73) dialog: Dahling! Fancy meeting you here, of all places. What an astounding coin- eidence.
2) 75) dialog: Do you know my husband, Kenneth?
2) 78) dialog: Patrick and I met in London at the Gordons a couple of weeks ago. You remember, I told you about it, Ken. They had that marvellous Josephine Baker singing there. She sings Les Mots D'Amour, directing it in a very obviou way at PATRICK REDFERN. Quite abruptly she stops singing suddenly There is turns on LINDA.
2) 79) dialog: This is my step-daughter Linda, Cloud aside to Linda) Stop standing there all pink and sticky like a half eaten’ marshmallow, and say good evening to Mr Redfern.
2) 162) dialog: {to Linda) What the hell are you doing here Linda? Did your father send you to play goose- berry, chaperon, or spy?
2) 164) dialog: Well why don't you go back to the hotel, dahling, and write out five hundred times, I must try not to look so abysmally dowdy, and if you take your own advice you may just get to have some. LINDA flees awkwardly away down the beach towards where POIROT and MR BLATT are starting their walk towards the swimming pool bar. She is sobbing and cursing under her breath.
2) 165) dialog: (to Patrick Redfern) Really, that girl runs like a diseased dromedary. The CAMERA ZOOMS BACK to its previous position. As she passes POIROT and MR BLATT we hear distinctly what she is saying.
2) 190) dialog: Oh really?
2) 192) dialog: Dahling, I swear to you it was the greatest possible surprise. You could have knocked me down with an orchid,
2) 194) dialog: Dahling, you're so impetuous You know I don't care for anyone but you, She kisses him lightly. He stares blankly pack at her.
2) 196) dialog: My dahling what are you saying?
7) 22) dialog: Of course you are dahling. And I adore you too, my mad Irish, . She holds out her arms to him and they come together, embracing passionately.
7) 52) dialog: Oh Monsieur Poirot, would you? I'm afraid it's a bit too heavy for me. POIROT walks down to the water's edge, but stops when he realises he is wearing white suede shoes. Gingerly he rem them, and puts them carefully with his socks, several fee beyond the tide mark. He then meticulously rolls up his trousers to the knees and walks into the sea. The float i successfully launched, and ARLENA MARSHALL, holding her paddle, jumps on it.
7) 53) dialog: Thank you so much and Monsieur Poirot, please don't tell anyone where I've gone. Everyone will keep following me about so.
7) 55) dialog: Well perhaps some people more than others, But I just want to be alone. With a bright and confiding smile on her face, ARLENA MARSHALL paddles away to the Northwards. 46 36 Continued
23) 38) dialog: A CLOSE UP of a pile of frilly underwear. We PULL BACL to the maid GLADYS NORRACOTT sorting them out, and tidying t away. POIROT and RACE appear in the doorway.
29) 0) text: A flashback to scene 29. PATRICK and CHRISTINE REDFERN stand by an open window, in their bedroom, rowing loudly over his attentions to Arlena Marshall.
35) 0) text: ARLENA MARSHALL is on the beach. She sees CHRISTINE REDFE descending the ladder.
35) 1) dialog: (to herself sotto vote) Christ! She runs into the cave.
39) 2) dialog: My God, you took an age.
39) 4) dialog: I know. I saw her. She absolutely amazed me. She came down that ladder like Tarzan. What on earth was she doing here?
39) 6) dialog: Dahling ... I've been so lonely ... They kiss. PATRICK REDFERN's hands slip up her back and fasten round her neck in a sudden deadly stranglehold. Her eyes bulge; her tongue protrudes; her face plackens. Slowly she slips to the ground. Satisfied she is dead, PATRICK REDFERN picks her up and carries her over to wher CHRISTINE REDFERN had lain, and carefully arranges her limbs in the same position as she had adopted. Finally he puts her green cardboard hat over her face, teases out a 148 149 133 Continued curl of her red hair to lie in the same position as the false one, and with a self-satisfied emile sits down to wait for the Police.