2) 38) dialog: I am Dapline Castle, let me welcome you to Smugglers' Island. I do hope you'll be most comfortable here.
2) 40) dialog: Earth closets! What can you possibly mean Miss Brewster? 14 15 Continued
2) 42) dialog: (to Mrs Gardener) I'm sure you will find all the loos here perfectly adequate Mrs Gardener. We even bave bidets in all the bath- rooms, If you will please follow me. DAPHNE CASTLE moves off towards the hotel, followed by MISS BREWSTER.
2) 53) dialog: Mr and Mrs Redfern?
2) 55) dialog: I'm Daphne Castle - the Pirate Chief. Welcome to Smugglers' Island.
2) 57) dialog: Well a bit naughty I hope too.
2) 59) dialog: Well what are hols for if one can't do a bit of flirting, and get a bit pissyboos?
2) 61) dialog: Yes, when fate cast me up here on this old rock, I said to myself people are going to have fun in a crazy old English atmosphere even though it's in the Med. So you'll find the servants are all English and properly trained, and there's lots of games to play and of course there's great grub.
2) 63) dialog: I don't think you'll find that either dish features on darling Andrea's menus. Let's face it, he is almost the greatest saucier in the Aegean. I say almost, because he does have a slightly hysterical hand with the créme fraiche, But it is a fault on the right side. See you for cocktails around seven. She breezes out.
2) 90) dialog: How about a cocktail Monsieur Poirot?
2) 92) dialog: A White Lady? A Sidecar? A Mainbrace? A Between The Sheets? A King Zog? POIROT examines the last named in its tall frosted glass, dubiously. :
2) 94) dialog: Mostly 151% Bacardi -Arejo Rum. It'll grow hair on your eyeballs.
2) 96) dialog: (doubtfully) Sounds a bit soppy to me but I'll see what I can do.
2) 98) dialog: Meanwhile how about a Rainbow's End, or a nice Birmingham Smile. They're both tres Muresque - you know, very moreish. 21 14 Continued The dish of canapes is proffered and POIROT takes one. DAPHNE CASTLE's attention is distracted by MR and MRS RED who are in animated conversation with the GARDENERS, and a bright backwards looking smile at POIROT she swoops dow on them.
2) 99) dialog: Ah, Mr Redfern, what did I tell you. Everybody enjoys themselves here. It's not called the Jolly Roger for nothing - even though the name might be said to be more appropriate to an amusing brothel. Behind her POIROT bites into his canape. Creamed Crab spurts out over the lapel of his jacket. The CAMERA MOVES with DAPHNE CASTLE as she joins KENNETH and LINDA MARSHAL In the background POIROT dabs ruefully at his clothing wi a handkerchief, and unashamedly listens.
2) 101) dialog: It must be a good seventeen years Linda certainly wasn't born. As a matter of fact I don't think you'd even married your first wife then.
2) 103) dialog: Poor and infamous you mean. They laugh intimately together. Seriously, you shouldn't believe every- thing you hear Kenneth. I'm not that much changed from the daft Daphne you used to know at Shipley.
2) 105) dialog: Yes, we were neighbours for years. Do you remember the day we took Toby down to the river to get water rats, and you pushed me in in my best dress?
2) 107) dialog: Not me, It's impossible. The only attack I've ever made on anyone was when I threw my spaghetti alla yongole at Mussolini for trying to grope me under the table in the Vatican.
2) 135) dialog: Why thank you Monsieur Poirot.
2) 137) dialog: (looking at Arlena) It is my opinion that ninety eight percent of all the people in this world should never put one on.
2) 139) dialog: Obviously. It's one of a couple of activities she does to perfection.
2) 141) dialog: Adultery. 20 25 Continued
2) 143) dialog: A mistake? It's a silver plated, copper bottomed, gilt-edged, disaster. Still it probably suits him. He always was a collector of lame ducks.
2) 145) dialog: Ob you don't understand. He married his first wife simply because no one elise would have her, and when she died he upped and married that shop- worn piece of fluff when she was jilted by Lord Coddington after being cited in his divorce.
2) 147) dialog: Good wives, as they say in Italy, do not grow horns on their husbands' heads. Why only last year that randy old fool Sir George Barry left her every penny of his money, - about one hundred thousand pounds by all account - enough to keep her in single chins for life and I tell you, she didn't get that for her racing tips. Now it looks as if she's got her claws into Patrick Redfern, and that poor wife of his hasn't the faintest idea of how to remove them. It's a pity really, but in the end I suppose all ladies have to learn to defend what they want. Don't you agree Monsieur Poirot. She smiles at POIROT mischievously and walks off along th beach to join KENNETH MARSHALL, POIROT looks after her thoughtfully. He sees LINDA MARSHALL get up and run down the beach towards where PATRICK REDFERN and ARLENA MARSHA 25 21 Continued are talking. Slowly he walks in the same direction. MR BLATT comes splashing up from the sea, in a loud striped bathing suit which makes him look like a corpulent wasp, and intercepts POIROT.
2) 167) dialog: I know it's none of my business, but if I may presume on an old friendship, I'd like to ask you why you put up with her?
2) 169) dialog: Arlena of course, She does make you look a bit cheapyboos.
2) 171) dialog: Do you think Linda can?
2) 173) dialog: Well, she's always on at the child, bitching the hell out of her.
2) 175) dialog: Then why not do something about it?
2) 177) dialog: Like fixing up a divorce for instance. People do it all the time you know - with most of my friends it's almost a full time occupation.
2) 179) dialog: Till death do you part? 25 26 27 24 Continued
2) 181) dialog: (thoughtfully) I see.
7) 39) dialog: You know you really are naughty Linda. Andrea goes to all the trouble of preparing decent English breakfasts, instead of those weedy Continental affairs, and all you eat is toast.
7) 41) dialog: Let me at least tempt you to Oeufs Jolly Roger.
7) 43) dialog: It's Andrea's lunatic idea of pirate gastronomy. Plover's eggs served in a sheep's skull with crossed marrow pones. Jolly tasty.
7) 45) dialog: What's the matter? Is it Arlena?
7) 47) dialog: You don't want to worry about her. Things have a habit of working out - I promise you.
8) 16) dialog: Why not for heaven's sake? You have one every ten minutes in Tirane. It's Arlena Stuart - you know - the musical comedy star, Didn't you ever see Sunshine Strippers? She was quite appalling, but the music was jolly. (sings) Sunshine Strippers soaking up the sun. Sunshine Strippers having lots of fun ...
8) 18) dialog: Sorry. Well she's been strangled. Apparently they just found her on the beach wearing a hideous green hat.
8) 21) dialog: I don't know. Does it matter - everyone loathed her.
8) 24) dialog: No, don't do that. I've got the best detective in the world here already - Hercule Poirot. Even you must have heard of him. She flashes a smile at POIROT, who preens himself, before turning back to the phone and lowering her voice.
8) 25) dialog: (sotto voce) He's a finnicky little bugger, but a simply colossal brain. (normal voice) He says he must have a doctor to establish time of death and all that. Have you got one you can spare?
8) 27) dialog: Please Zoggy, can't you keep it quiet? You know how peculiar people are about a spot of murder. The scandal will zap my hotel, and I'm sure Monsieur Poirot will solve it in a jiffy.
8) 30) dialog: You are a darling.
8) 33) dialog: Your Majesty, you are without doubt the spiffiest chum any gal could have. ‘Bye. She hangs up and turns to face POIROT and MISS BREWSTER, winking and making a conspiratorial gesture.
8) 34) dialog: It's all fixed!
9) 0) text: 53 KENNETH MARSHALL is taking the tennis balls out of their and knocking them over the net. DAPHNE CASTLE arrives.
9) 2) dialog: Hullo Ken. She takes off her sweater.
9) 7) dialog: I saw her on a float earlier this morning. I think she's up the North end of the Island somewhere.
9) 9) dialog: No. She was alone. Though she was probably heading for some sleazy rendezvous with her leprechaun lover? Oh Ken, it's not right for you to let her torture you this way.
9) 13) dialog: The only line Arlena's drawn is under a column of figures.
9) 20) dialog: How about a knock up?
9) 22) dialog: Yes. You know ~ a spot of practice till Mrs Redfern comes.
9) 24) dialog: Oh really? Surely you can't mean jolly rogering. They laugh and start to play.
10) 63) dialog: You're absolutely on the right track, Monsieur Poirot. Cherchez la temme! She's the one with the best motive. Captain Marshall simply isn't the type.”
10) 65) dialog: Now don't be tiresome Monsieur Poirot. Everyone h'eavesdrops if they've got any sense. As a detective you must do it all the timn 70 7 66 Continued
10) 67) dialog: And don't you believe all that guff about Arlena being the stronger..Women fight like tigers when they're losing their husbands - not that I've had too much experience of that sort of thing myself. I mean I tried everything to get rid of Johnnie - strychnine in the spuds ~ bolting to South America, but he clung on like a limpet. If the market crash in '29 hadn't given him a coronary, he'd be here now. Still it showed where his heart was.
10) 69) dialog: You do that. She probably battered her with a bit of driftwood or something, and then finished her off with a little pressure on the carot artery, or whatever it's called. Everyone knows about that - all the crime novels are full of it. In fact an eleven year old child did something like that only the other day in Hungary - or was it Crete? ... Anyway I've got to see about dinner. Au revoir. They watch in silence as she walks away towards the hotel
15) 0) text: CHRISTINE REDFERN hurries onto the tennis court, where KE MARSHALL and DAPHNE CASTLE are knocking up against MR GARDENER. She joins MR GARDENER. Dialogue as pefore.
21) 30) dialog: Hullo, What's the poor man trying to do - preak the Albanian speed typing record? She picks up a couple of letters at random and starts to read them. We notice that her hands also are large.
21) 32) dialog: Whose? Kenneth Marshalls? If his wife was wealthy he certainly needs one. poor love. Was she wealthy by the way?
21) 34) dialog: Well look at these letters. Spondulix wise he appears to be up shit creek with- out a paddle.
21) 38) dialog: Still Ken never cared about money. I only hope you're satisfied with his alibi.
21) 41) dialog: Well, there it is. Ken certainly isn't clever enough to use the old gramophone record trick - you know the one where the murderer records the sound of a type- writer, puts it on the gramophone, and nips out and bops his wife while everyone thinks he's still in his room. POIROT and RACE give her the kind of looks they would bes on a mentally deficient child.
21) 43) dialog: No more it does. Silly me. RACE sighs and gives his attention to the SERGEANT.
21) 49) dialog: I don't think that's at all a good idea. In this heat, you'll give the Poor man a heart attack, and we'll have two corpses on our hands. Besides I have all the timings you want.
21) 51) dialog: Come I'11 show you. She leads them into the hotel, as the SERGEANT makes a pr ful gesture that she has what they want.
21) 53) dialog: There you are. An old chum of mine did it a couple of years ago, when he had a little trouble paying his bill. Be careful of it ~ it's worth its weight in caviar. We move into an ECU of the model as the two men bend to e it. RACE points to the flags.
21) 55) dialog: Slouching times, I'd have said. (pointing) I mean fifty minutes from the hotel to the point of the island! If you jogged all the way, you could do it in half the time. 88 94 Continued
21) 59) dialog: Monsieur Poirot, I don't wish to be seeming to teach my grandmother to suck eggs or anything but I've changed my mind about the murderer. You see I was reading a magazine story about a woman in Malaya who was drowned by a huge Moray Eel which darted out of a hole and dragged her to the ocean floor, its teeth buried in her throat. and that gave me a new theory - about the Brewster woman, - Did you know by the way she was Arlena's secretary for years and was fired? Well anyway she could have been lurking in the water off Blood Bay when she appeared on that float thing and could have leapt up and pulled her off it ...
21) 61) dialog: Well I'1l tell you what. She could have ...
21) 63) dialog: Me? But surely you can't think...
21) 65) dialog: Well, about ten thirty I went for a walk over to Lighthouse Ledge, and I sat down there to make some notes for my staff meeting at eleven thirty. MIX THROUGH TO the next scene.
21) 68) dialog: As a matter of fact I saw Arlena Marshall. She paddled by on a float.
21) 70) dialog: Yes. *
21) 72) dialog: I suppose so, It had nothing to do with me. About half an hour later I returned to the hotel for my meeting. MIX THROUGH TO the next scene.
21) 75) dialog: Of course - practically the whole staff can, from after eleven thirty that is. You see once a week it is my custom to 90 96 Continued DAPHNE CASTLE (Cont) collect them all together to give them a kind of collective boot up the bum. It does them no end of good - particularly the Eyeties - keeps them up to snuff as my old papa used to say. POIROT traces her proposed journey on the model.
21) 77) dialog: What a simply spifflicatingly absurd thing to say Monsieur Poirot.
21) 79) dialog: I'm afraid I don't follow your drift at all.
21) 81) dialog: Me kill for love? I must say it's very flattering of you to suggest it, but I'm afraid I'm far too much of a hardened old trollop for that; and as for Kenneth, he'd never do it in a million years. Why he wouldn't even contemplate divorce when he must have known about every second man she met was throwing a leg over her.
21) 83) dialog: Monsieur Poirot you have the Frenchman's obsession with the crime passionel.
21) 86) dialog: I had a date to play tennis at twelve fifteen, so I got changed and breezed off to the court. MIX THROUGH TO the next scene.
22) 1) dialog: When I got there Kenneth Marshall had arrived but the others hadn't.
22) 3) dialog: Mr Gardener and Mrs Redfern.
22) 5) dialog: E'm not sure I understand the question?
22) 7) dialog: I've never known Ken Marshall when he's not been as fully composed as a Beethoven Symphony. MR GARDENER arrives and DAPHNE CASTLE and KENNETH MARSHAL move to take up position on one side of the net. 97 98 92 Continued
22) 9) dialog: I'm sorry if I was flippant. In answer to your question everybody appeared to me to be perfectly normal. I don't believe any one of them could have just strangled somebody.
22) 12) dialog: I'm not sure. Not long. Maybe three or four minutes. A QUICK MIX to indicate the passing of time. CHRISTINE RE hurries onto the court and walks over to join MR GARDENER
22) 13) dialog: Mrs Redfern was quite a bit later. She couldn't have been on court much before half past twelve ... MIX THROUGH TO the next scene.
22) 16) dialog: What? Oh they did. Mrs R can sure hit "the jolly old pill" as if she hated it. If you ask me those milk white arms could mince the triceps of a six hundred pound Sumo wrestler.
23) 4) dialog: Of course I'd forgotten Mr Blatt. He's obviously playing a double role, with all those terrible jokes and everything. I wouldn't mind betting he's an old flame Arlene picked up years ago when she was playing Blackpool or Skegness or some other frightful sea side resort, and got her hooks into and reduced to penury. He meets her here by chance and vows vengeance ...
23) 6) dialog: +.» He would find it quite easy to sail round the island and strangle her with one of those clever nautical knots ...
23) 8) dialog: +s. &@ bowline, or a sheepshank, or whatever they're called ... Her voice trails off disconsolately.
23) 65) dialog: Do get on with your work Gladys. You're not paid to gawp. 99 104 Continued GLADYS NORRACOTT hurries out. DAPHNE CASTLE now sees POIR
23) 66) dialog: Oh it's you Monsieur Poirot.
23) 68) dialog: I'm afraid it's no use questioning Gladys about anything. She's as dense as dough.
23) 70) dialog: Really? Well have you arrested anyone yet? I told you who it was.
23) 72) dialog: Has it? Well I can’t stop now and sort it out for you. I've simply got to keep an eye on Andrea. He's making a curry de Poulet Vindaloos for dinner, and the last time he cooked it, it was s0 hot we practically had to call the fire brigade from the mainland. Arriverdutch as they say in Holland.
23) 89) dialog: Are you sure it wasn't an earth closet, Mrs Gardener? She smiles insouciantly at MRS GARDENER who glares back.
26) 36) dialog: I suppose Andrea's splendid Goose Pie might as well be ravished by ants here, as elsewhere and me too for that matter!
27) 0) text: The guests of the Jolly Roger Hotel sit round facing the fireplace in a large semi-circle. MR and MRS GARDENER sit to the right of the fireplace, and next to them in order are KENNETH MARSHALL, LINDA MARSHALL, DAPHNE CASTLE, PATRICK and CHRISTINE REDFERN, MISS BREWSTER, and last of all to the left of the fireplace HORACE BLATT. Behind 119 120 117 Continued MR BLATT stands the SERGEANT. There is a general excited buzz of conversation which is suddenly stilled as HERCULE POIROT enters the room and takes his place in the centre the semi-circle, standing before the model of Smugglers' Island which has been moved from the conservatory into th lounge.
38) 0) text: Flashback of scene 79. CHRISTINE REDFERN hurries onto the tennis court, where KENNETH MARSHALL and DAPHNE CASTLE are knocking up against MR GARDENER, and walks over to jo him. 147 148 132 Continued
40) 26) dialog: I'll see you both at dinner, my darlings. I've just got to make sure that poor Monsieur Poirot is looked after properly. She kisses them both and hurries up to POIROT and RACE, as the MARSHALLS wave to them and move off the other way.
40) 27) dialog: Monsieur Poirot, I have brought you a dish specially prepared by Andrea to tempt an invalid, - Le Crapaud En Trou! POIROT blanches.
40) 29) dialog: Of course it is. It's a great English favourite - spicy sausage meat-in a light batter. My God, you don't think we eat amphibians like you people, do you? POIROT indicates his battered throat.
40) 31) dialog: Nonsense, of course it will. I'll cut it up so that even a baby could swallow it. She tucks his napkin into the folds of his scarves, and starts to cut up the dish. The boat hoots in the distance. 153 154 138 Continued
40) 35) dialog: I can't really think why you're looking so pleased with yourself. I told you the Redferns did it all along. POIROT's smiling mouth drops open in astc shment and outr giving DAPHNE CASTLE the opportunity to ram a spoonful of Toad in the Hole into it.