2) 77) dialog: How do you do.
2) 100) dialog: By Jove, Daphne, you've been successful since we last met - how long ago is it?
2) 102) dialog: No, I don't think I had. Poor Mary she had such an unhappy life. But let's not talk about her. Let's talk about you. You're rich and famous - everyone’s heard about this crazy hotel of yours - it's always in the glossies.
2) 106) dialog: Absolutely. And you flew into the most frightful rage, and half choked me to death,
2) 108) dialog: What rot! You used to fly into the most fearful rages in those days. We all had to watch our ps and qs a bit. Ah here comes Arlena now ... ARLENA MARSHALL enters the room. She is dramatically attired and gorgeous to look at. Conversation ceases on t instant as all eyes turn towards her. PATRICK REDFERN takes a few steps in her direction, his arms outstretched and we freeze the picture. A series of quick cuts establish the company's reactions. SLOW MIX THROUGH to the next scene.
2) 168) dialog: Who?
2) 170) dialog: I suppose she does. Still I can cope with it.
2) 172) dialog: What do you mean?
2) 174) dialog: Yes. It's a pity about that. Linda's like her mother. She takes things hard.
2) 176) dialog: Like what for instance?
2) 178) dialog: Not with me. A deal's a deal. I don't approve of quick marriage and easy divorce. Arlena is my wife, and that's all there is to it.
2) 180) dialog: Exactly.
2) 189) dialog: You were very keen that we came here, Now I know why,
2) 191) dialog: Yes. You knew that Redfern fellow was coming here, didn't you? All that baloney when we arrived, about coincidence .,.
2) 193) dialog: I might just knock him down, and it won't be with anything frail or fancy either.
2) 195) dialog: You know I often think Arlena that other people are right, and that I'd be much better off without you.
2) 197) dialog: I'm saying that you behave unkindly towards my daughter, and that you do me no credit whatsoever, She tosses her head and turns away from him to busy herse with the application of sun tan lotion.
7) 26) dialog: Good evening Monsieur Poirot, What a lovely night. Not a breath of wind anywhere,
7) 61) dialog: Morning Monsieur Poirot. Seen my wife about?
7) 63) dialog: She's not in her room ... I think I'll take my dip right away. I've got a lot of typing to do this morning. Can't abide it, but it's got to be done. 37 46 Continued
7) 65) dialog: What me? Good gracious no. Perish the thought. No, they're pusiness letters. I sometimes think one would have a better holiday if one took one's secretary with one.
7) 67) dialog: . (coldly) No, I daresay you wouldn't. MARSHALL takes off his robe and puts it on the sand, next Poirot's ruined shoes.
7) 68) dialog: Hullo, hullo, hullo. Been taking your shoes for a swim?
7) 79) dialog: Linda? ... I don't know. Mooning about the Island somewhere I expect.
7) 81) dialog: Linda's alright. Excuse me. I've got some work to do, and it's got a bit late. 39 46 Continued KENNETH MARSHALL walks away up the beach towards the hote
8) 77) dialog: Present in Kenneth Marshall's room are the CAPTAIN himsel POIROT and RACE. He sits in an armchair facing RACE, whil POIROT wanders round the room. picking up and putting dow objects. Standing against one of the walls is a desk with papers and a typewriter on it.
8) 79) dialog: You think that,
8) 81) dialog: I do not listen to tittle tattle, Inspector. My wife is dead and cannot defend herself.
8) 83) dialog: Many men have admired my wife Colonel. If I was the type of man who would kill for jealously, I would have killed her years ago.
8) 85) dialog: (to Race) Have you any questions to ask me? 52 60 Continued He rises letters. He hands his pipe.
8) 87) dialog: It's quite simple. I was in here typing until I changed to play tennis a few minutes after twelve o'clock. and crosses to the desk, from which he picks up three
8) 88) dialog: Here they are, If you put one of your men to type them, you will find he won't be able to do them in much under an hour ... (to himself) Where is that damned pipe? the letters to RACE, and then pats his pockets for Finding them empty he goes to search for it is a random manner amongst his tobacco pouch, matches and clea on the desk. He fails to find it, and gives up.
8) 90) dialog: Today is the twenty-fifth. As you will see, these letters are postdated in answer to this one from my stockbroker, posted in London, the twenty-third, and arriving here on this morning's post at about ten thirty. As I was down on Booty Beach with you Monsieur Poirot at a little after ten forty five, you will see clearly that I must have typed them when I said I did.
8) 92) dialog: Well, if you're still not satisfied, why not ask the chambermaid if she heard the machine going. She was moving about the corridor some of the time, doing out other rooms.
8) 94) dialog: As I eaid I went to play tennis. The date was for twelve fifteen.
8) 96) dialog: Mrs Castle, Mr Gardener, and Mrs Redfern.
8) 98) dialog: No. I was the first to arrive. MIX THROUGH TO the next scene.
9) 0) text: 53 KENNETH MARSHALL is taking the tennis balls out of their and knocking them over the net. DAPHNE CASTLE arrives.
9) 1) dialog: Hullo ... jolly good to see you.
9) 3) dialog: -,... I think I was there dead on time. Then Mrs Castle joined me.
9) 5) dialog: I don't suppose you've seen anything of Arlena this morning have you? I haven't seen her since breakfast.
9) 6) dialog: Quite normal? What do you mean?
9) 8) dialog: Was she with anyone? 61 54 Continued
9) 11) dialog: Don't be silly Daphne. You do exagger- ate everything so. Arlena may be a bit of a flirt but she knows where to draw the line.
9) 12) dialog: No, I don't think so. She looked her usual soigne self.
9) 14) dialog: Drop it will you ... Here's Gardener. MR GARDENER arrives and DAPHNE CASTLE and KENNETH MARSHAL move to take up position on one side of the net.
9) 16) dialog: Hullo. Had a good morning?
9) 19) dialog: Mr Gardener. He must have been about five or six minutes late.
9) 26) dialog: As he always does - like a sober, up- right, henpecked New York attorney.
9) 30) dialog: I don't know, Seven or eight minutes. She said she'd been over at Cutlass Cove and forgotten the time. CHRISTINE REDFERN walks over to join MR GARDENER. MIX THROUGH to the next scene.
9) 31) dialog: POIROT, RACE and KENNETH MARSHALL are grouped as they wer at the end of Scene 60. 62 Continued 56
9) 32) dialog: And to save you the question, she did not look agitated flushed or excited in any way, though of course she had been hurrying.
9) 34) dialog: Anything else?
9) 36) dialog: No. I'm afraid they will reveal I have sustained some substantial losses recently.
9) 38) dialog: She inherited some money recently - yes.
9) 40) dialog: Yes. Alright, I succeed to her property, but I didn't kill her, if that's what you think. (raised voice) I did not kill her! Understand! The connecting door between his and his daughter's bedroo opens, and LINDA MARSHALL comes rushing in.
9) 42) dialog: It's alright, my darling. It's just a few questions.
20) 0) text: MR GARDENER arrives at the tennis court, and DAPHNE CASTL and KENNETH MARSHALL who are already there, move to take position on one side of the net.
22) 0) text: ROSAMUND DARNLEY comes into the tennis court. KENNETH MARSHALL is knocking the last of the tennis balls he has taken from their box, over the net. The dialogue is as be
23) 91) dialog: Good idea. For me too please. About a gallon of it. A chorus of "Me toos". POIROT rises to his feet.
26) 41) dialog: Quite right, darling. I'm sure Daphne would be most offended if you didn't. KENNETH MARSHALL and DAPHNE CASTLE exchange meaningful glances. The guests spread out and the servants BERT and CHARLIE start to unpack the hampers supervised by DAPHNE CASTLE. MIX THROUGH TO the next scene.
27) 0) text: The guests of the Jolly Roger Hotel sit round facing the fireplace in a large semi-circle. MR and MRS GARDENER sit to the right of the fireplace, and next to them in order are KENNETH MARSHALL, LINDA MARSHALL, DAPHNE CASTLE, PATRICK and CHRISTINE REDFERN, MISS BREWSTER, and last of all to the left of the fireplace HORACE BLATT. Behind 119 120 117 Continued MR BLATT stands the SERGEANT. There is a general excited buzz of conversation which is suddenly stilled as HERCULE POIROT enters the room and takes his place in the centre the semi-circle, standing before the model of Smugglers' Island which has been moved from the conservatory into th lounge.
38) 0) text: Flashback of scene 79. CHRISTINE REDFERN hurries onto the tennis court, where KENNETH MARSHALL and DAPHNE CASTLE are knocking up against MR GARDENER, and walks over to jo him. 147 148 132 Continued