2) 46) dialog: I'm Patrick Redfern, and this is my wife Christine. They smile at each other. 15 16 17 Continued
2) 48) dialog: Well I come from Dublin actually, but I haven’t been back for years.
2) 50) dialog: Ring him up when he's ironing. It wasn't very funny when I first heard it five years ago. MR BLATT, crushed, looks away towards the Island.
2) 54) dialog: Yes.
2) 60) dialog: Quite right. - CHRISTINE shoots her husband a venomous look.
2) 62) dialog: Ah now we're talking. Most English hotels fall down in that department. Cold mutton and cabinet pudding are not my idea of holiday nourishment.
2) 64) dialog: Funny lady. He takes a robe and swimming trunks from his suitcase and goes into the bathroom. 17 18 19 10 Continued
2) 65) dialog: What do you think she meant by fate casting her up on this old rock?
2) 67) dialog: Provided she kept away, I suppose. Generous fellow.
2) 69) dialog: Yes, I had noticed. Toodle doo. He leaves the room jauntily. CHRISTINE looks after him speculatively then moves to the window to look out. Her face hardens at what she sees.
2) 72) dialog: Why hullo Arlena. 11 19 Continued
2) 74) dialog: By St. Patrick himself and all the snakes in Ireland it is that.
2) 76) dialog: Hullo there.
2) 81) dialog: Good evening Linda. an awkward moment of tension.
2) 82) dialog: Well I'll be taking myself off to have my dip. See you all later. ARLENA MARSHALL looks after him appreciatively, as he wal off down towards the beach. Her husband and step daughter regard her with somewhat less than the same pleasure. The 19 20 21 12 Continued CAMERA PANS round and tracks in towards CHRISTINE REDFERN window, to see her still standing at it looking down. MIX THROUGH TO the next scene.
3) 0) text: POIROT and MR BLATT are in the swimming pool bar which is run by CHARLIE. MR BLATT drinks a pint of beer. 26 28 Continued POIROT holds a tiny, green, sticky aperitif. In the back- ground PATRICK REDFERN passes by and goes into the hotel.
4) 2) dialog: What absolute rot! I hadn't the faintest idea.
5) 0) text: PATRICK REDFERN is facing his wife CHRISTINE. Both of them are standing near the open window.
5) 1) dialog: Look here Christine, it's not like you to be jealous. Can't I speak to & pretty woman without you being after jumping to the conclusion I'm ... well, having an affair with her?
5) 3) dialog: Of course not, Arlena and I are just friends that's all.
5) 5) dialog: No. I absolutely refuse. Here we are, and here we stay. If you don't like it, you can ...
5) 7) dialog: Nothing. Just stop being so bloody jealous. He stamps out of the room, banging the door, behind him.
7) 21) dialog: Arlena darling, you know I'm mad for you don't you ... I've quite looped the loop,
7) 57) text: Sacre Bleu! The suede is ruined. POIROT wades ashore mopping unhappily at his shoes. ARLEN MARSHALL's float rounds the point and disappears. A furth surprise greets POIROT as PATRICK REDFERN strolls down fr the direction of the hotel. He gapes first at REDFERN, th at the point which the float has just rounded.
7) 58) dialog: The top of the morning to you. You seem to have given your shoes a bath.
7) 60) dialog: You know you want to use a wire brush on those things. Salt water does them no good at all. He laughs delightedly. POIROT scowls.- After a moment or two REDFERN's mood changes, and he starts to look about h very obviously puzzled and impatient. KENNETH MARSHALL now approaches from the direction of the hotel. REDFERN eyes him apprehensively, but MARSHALL more or less ignore
7) 66) dialog: I wouldn't have thought that that was such an original thought, old boy.
7) 71) dialog: Who? ... Oh I don't know, I think she's gone off sketching somewhere, MR and MRS GARDENER come up with POIROT and PATRICK REDFE and sit down in beach chairs. MR GARDENER fusses about op beach umbrellas for his wife.
7) 101) dialog: Are you taking your boat out?
7) 103) dialog: Mind if I join you.
7) 105) dialog: Let's row right round the Island.
7) 111) dialog: To be sure they'd have had you in charge of the galleys in the old days. He digs the oars in and the boat shoots forward. SLOW MIX THROUGH TO the next scene.
7) 113) dialog: Hullo. Who's that in Blood Bay?
7) 115) dialog: Who?
7) 118) dialog: Oh be a sport. It'll only be for a minute. PATRICK REDFERN jumps out and runs up the beach, waving a shouting. +
7) 119) dialog: Arlena! ... Arlena ... Hi there!
8) 0) text: A HIGH ANGLED SHOT of Blood Bay as PATRICK REDFERN runs u the beach waving.
8) 1) dialog: Hi there Arlena ... He reaches the figure and kneels down beside it. Hey, wake up! WE CUT INTO A CLOSE UP to see the bronzed limbs, the whit bathing suit, the red hair curling out from under the bri of the green Chinese hat. In the background we see MISS BREWSTER still in the boat. PATRICK REDFERN touches one o the bronzed arms then pulls his hand away as if stung. Fr MISS BREWSTER's point of view we see him lift the hat off face.
8) 2) dialog: (shouting) My God!
8) 4) dialog: She's dead .., She's been murdered ... strangled. He drops the hat back to cover the face and runs back dow the beach to MISS BREWSTER, still sitting in the boat.
8) 7) dialog: Who could have done this to Arlena? ... It's just not possible. My God, if I get my hands on the fiend who did this... MISS BREWSTER looks uneasily around her.
8) 9) dialog: (grimly) I hope so...
8) 11) dialog: Don't worry. I'11 stay. MISS BREWSTER sighs with relief.
8) 47) dialog: About noon.
10) 36) dialog: And what might that mean?
10) 38) dialog: Lighthearted! If I didn't do some- thing, I think I'd go off my chump. What's happened is so unbelievable.
10) 40) dialog: (savagely) Obviously you are more accustomed to murder than I am, Monsieur Poirot. You have probably seen quite a few in your time, and have learnt how to behave.
10) 43) dialog: About three months. We met at a cocktail party in London.
10) 45) dialog: No, I must admit it was not coincidence. She asked me to come, and I suppose I couldn't resist. You see I was infatu- ated with her. I'd have done any mortal thing the asked.
10) 47) dialog: (rueful) She turned men into swine alright! You see deep down I know I love my wife.
10) 49) dialog: A motive - for me? Holy Mother of God why should I have wanted her dead? I was crazy about her.
10) 51) dialog: I assure you it wasn't like that at all. I could have taken off any time I wanted to. Anyway what are you saying? That it was me who killed her? You must know that couldn't possibly be the case. Wasn't I with yourself the whole time tili I went on with Miss Brewster and found her lying dead?
10) 53) dialog: Isn't it true? POIROT spreads his hands in a gesture of capitulation.
10) 55) dialog: Well there you are then.
10) 57) dialog: I really haven't the faintest idea.
10) 59) dialog: What!!
10) 61) dialog: What nonsense. There's no violence in her. Besides how could she have done it? She'd never have been able to climb down that ladder to the beach - she's no head for that sort of thing at all. - And even if she could have, she was no match for Arlena. She'd have been the one to have been murdered. No, if it's jealousy you're after I'd have a go at Ken Marshall. He must be favourite. Now is that all?
24) 16) dialog: I shouted to her I think.
24) 18) dialog: (shouting) Arlena! ... Arlena ... Hi there! PATRICK REDFERN runs on up the beach waving, and shouting Hi there Arlena ... He reaches the figure and kneels down beside it. Hey, wake up! PATRICK REDFERN touches one of the outline limbs and then sharply pulls his hand away as if stung. He lifts the hat the face.
24) 19) dialog: (shouting) My God!
24) 21) dialog: She's dead ... She's been murdered strangled! He drops the hat back to cover where the face would be an runs down to MISS BREWSTER who is sitting in the boat hol the oars.
24) 23) dialog: Who could have done this to Arlena? ... It's just not possible. 105 107 Continued 108 PATRICK REDFERN looks at POIROT who has been watching the reconstruction with great attention.
24) 24) dialog: We stayed like this for a minute or so. You see we were shocked. We didn't know what to do. Then in case the murderer was still hanging about, I volunteered to stay with the body while Miss Brewster went to fetch the police. I touched nothing other than to make sure she was dead.
26) 2) dialog: Please go ahead. I'11 use the ladder.
26) 46) dialog: Really? ...What are they?
26) 48) dialog: The trumpets of death?
26) 51) dialog: Oh ves, very, even thougn there's stiti a murderer walking about loose among us.
28) 0) text: The scene is a flashback to scene 107. POIROT is examinin the taped figure lying above the waterline in the shade of the overhanging cliff, watched by RACE and the BERGEAN The green Chinese hat lies over the spot where the face w be, and the white bathing costume is spread out over the trunk of the body. PATRICK REDFERN and MISS BREWSTER arri in the rowing boat, and the former runs up the beach and goes through his reconstruction, kneeling by the outline figure, lifting the hat off the face, then replacing it and running down the beach towards MISS BREWSTER in the boat. 118 120 Continued 121
28) 4) dialog: Why?
28) 6) dialog: What can you mean?
28) 8) dialog: Well there you are then. If we are the least suspicious of all the people here, why should I know why the murderer had wanted to conceal Arlena'’s face with the hat?
28) 10) dialog: What!! Is it daft you are?
28) 12) dialog: Jesus. You re talking through your hat- POIROT shakes his head slowly. D‘you mind telling me how J did it then?
28) 14) dialog: (suddenly furious) Lies! .,. All bloody lies!
28) 16) dialog: What about this proof of his that's coming eh? What about that now?
28) 18) dialog: Quite right girl. Let him blather away. (ironic) Pray continue, Monsieur Poirot.
28) 20) dialog: (hotly) Now that's enough.
28) 23) dialog: If anything at all of what you're saying were true, d'you mind telling me why on earth I should kill her. Presumably there would have been plenty more where that came from.
28) 25) dialog: It's a tale for the little people, Monsieur Poirot. Why don't you show me how I did it, if you're so clever?
39) 0) text: PATRICK REDFERN waves to his wife on the cliff top, as sh waves to him, She runs off and he moves swiftly over to t cave.
39) 1) dialog: All clear darling. ARLENA MARSHALL emerges from the cave.
39) 3) dialog: I'm sorry darling. It was difficult to slip away with your husband prowling about the place like a grizzly bear with a bad case of eczema. And then of course, my damned wife had to turn up here.
39) 5) dialog: I don't know, but I sent her away with a flea in her ear. She won't be Mrs Patrick Redfern for very much longer - that I can promise you.
40) 2) dialog: (furious) You damned, interfering, self- satisfied, Froggie mountebank.
40) 4) dialog: Where's your proof then? Just answer me that. Where's your blasted proof? POIROT looks across at RACE enquiringly.
40) 7) dialog: And it will kill you too! With a murderous snarl he throws himself on POIROT and fastens his tingers round his throat. POIROT's eyes bulge out of his head as the trapped blood starts to blacken hi face. He goes limp. RACE and the SERGEANT finally manage to drag PATRICK REDFERN off POIROT, but it has taken time and the CAMERA TRACKS into an EXTREME CLOSE UP of his seemingly lifeless face. MIX THROUGH TO the next scene.