9) 2) dialog: syndicated talk show host and author. Gail is giving an update on camera. Behind her an obnoxio KID is mugging for the camera.
9) 3) dialog: Hello, I'm Gail Hailstorm, author of the book "You're Dead, I'm Rich". A small college town is in shock after the unthinkable has happened. KID in background is hamming it up.
9) 4) dialog: A brutal killing spree that left one teen dead. KID really performing for the camera. Gail, annoyed, turn and shoots the kid.
9) 5) dialog: Correction, two teens dead. Next reporter, straight laced WHITE MALE.
30) 0) text: Skate boarders cruise by, followed by guy with no legs on skate board. Cindy walks toward building, she passes Gail's news van. Kenny sees Cindy. He knocks at the van. Gail answers from inside. GAIL V.O. I'm putting on my make up. Kenny opens the van door. Gail turns around. We see a decrepit old woman.
30) 1) dialog: Close the goddamn door! Kenny, horrified, slams the door.
31) 0) text: Gail trying to get information from the sheriff.
31) 1) dialog: Sheriff, can I get a statement?
31) 3) dialog: Hi, Gail Hailstorm, field reporter, Hard Story.
31) 5) dialog: Is there a problem on campus?
31) 7) dialog: Well, of course not, handsome. He salutes her and a student walking by and smacks his ha off his head. He scrambles for it, then resumes his composure.
31) 9) dialog: I know. I should be on my knees covering the next presidential election. But who knew? She tickles Doofy. He farts.
31) 11) dialog: You look awfully young to be a police officer.
31) 13) dialog: You know, I prove to be most popular with males eleven to twenty-four. And most prison lesbians. Of course, you don't look a day over twelve. Except for that big head and glazed over look in your eyes. Ooh, look a little drool.
31) 15) dialog: Don't worry, I never do. She tickles him again and he farts again.
31) 16) dialog: Remind me not to do that again. Suddenly they are interrupted by an announcement. PRINCIPAL V.O. Hello, due to the recent events, a curfew has been placed effective immediately.
31) 17) dialog: Sounds like we've got a serial killer on our hands.
31) 19) dialog: Are there any suspects?
31) 21) dialog: I say, that's a mighty big night stick you got there.
31) 23) dialog: I can see how that could happen. Say, what do you say we go back to my van and get to know each other a little better?
55) 9) dialog: Kenny! Camera! Now! Gail tries to get a glimpse of Bobby as he is driven off.
55) 10) dialog: Who is that? Is he a suspect? Is anyone dead? Sheriff, can I get a statement? Sheriff drives off. Gail, alone at the scene, sees Kenny approaching with a camera. Gail goes off with Kenny.
55) 11) dialog: Kenny, I know you're about 50 pounds overweight, but when I say hurry, please interpret that to mean move your lard sweating', bacon burpin' jello shakin' ass now!!
57) 0) text: Gail Hailstorm arrives. Kenny hustles behind her.
57) 1) dialog: Okay roll in 5, 4, 3@ Kenny fumbles with the camera. Ho looks confused.
57) 2) dialog: What now? Don't tell me you can't count. Let's see if I can make it easy for you. This little piggy went to market, this little piggy stayed home, this little piggy had roast beef, this little piggy had none,and if this little piggy doesn't roll the goddamn camera right now I'm gonna put my footВ®
57) 4) dialog: Hi, Gail Hailstorm here in front of the police station where I'm going to try to get a glimpse of Cindy Campbell, the young woman who was attacked earlier this evening. Gail and other reporters see Cindy exit the station. They rush her.
57) 7) dialog: Cindy, your ass looks fat. Cindy turns and punches Gail in the face. Doofy hustles Cindy into the car. She gets behind the wheel. Doofy throws his jacket across her head to shield her from the media rush. Doofy gets in. They drive off. O.C. We hear swerve, crash, crash.
61) 3) dialog: Sheriff..Hi, Gail Hailstorm, author of 101 Ways to Milk a Tragedy. Sheriff let me ask you, do you think the killer will strike again?
61) 5) dialog: Have you located Cindy Campbell's father?
61) 7) dialog: Is he a suspect?
61) 9) dialog: My source is strictly confidential. Doofy steps up to the mic.
103) 0) text: CLOSE ON a pair of twisted feet walking. The feet slowly straighten out as the pace increases. Camera moves up to the bent hand tucked close to the body It too straightens out. Pan up to Doofy looking very normal with a devilish smile his face. Doofy lights a cigarette. A new Jaguar pulls up along side of him and he gets in. We see Gail at the wheel. They kiss.
103) 1) dialog: This is gonna make one helluva movie. They drive off.