33) 0) text: A frumpy woman, MISS TATE, faces the class. Tragic look o her face.
33) 1) dialog: A terrible tragedy and an unbearable loss. It's days like today we need prayer in school. Pull back. Reveal she is breast feeding a baby. She removes the baby from her breast, hands it to a nerdy fifteen year old student.
33) 2) dialog: Here, go to your daddy.
33) 3) dialog: Okay class, we've been discussing the constitution this week. Who would like to give their oral presentation first? Young girl excitedly raises her hand.
33) 4) dialog: Okay, Heather. Heather runs to the front of the class.
35) 2) dialog: Aw, shut the fuck up and sit down. A student enters the class and hands Miss Tate a note.
35) 3) dialog: Cindy, you're next. The sheriff's ready to see you. Cindy grabs her books and exits.
43) 5) dialog: Like Martin Luther King once said, "Can't we all just get along?"
47) 4) dialog: I'm so happy for you.
64) 2) text: Hello, who is this? What? You want to kill me? Hold on@В® Cindy, it's for you. All the girls laugh. Cindy tries to ignore them. The laughter is interrupted by the Gym teacher. MISS MANN, a tall muscular woman with a five o'clock shad and a bulge under her skirt that she constantly adjusts.
64) 3) dialog: Alright, knock it off Buffy. Now as all have heard, there is a killer in our town and the police have asked us to give you all the following safety tips. Stay in well lit areas, do not travel alone whenever possible and don't accept rides from anyone you don't know. I understand this is a difficult time for you young ladies, so if anyone wants to come to my office to talk, I'm here for you. Miss Mann exits.
65) 0) text: Start on photos on the wall. Includes Miss Mann with k.d.lang. Pan down we see Miss Mann sniffing a pair of women's panties.
65) 2) dialog: Come right in, dear. Have a seat. Take off your bra if you like. Cindy sits. She can see Miss Mann's bulge. She tries to avoid looking at it.
65) 3) dialog: What can I do for you dear?
65) 5) dialog: Go ahead, my dear.
65) 7) dialog: Not feeling so fresh?
65) 9) dialog: Feminine odor and itching got you down?
65) 11) dialog: Oh.
65) 13) dialog: I see. Well, Cindy, we all have our little secrets. Miss Mann spreads her legs. We see a set of testicles fal out from under her skirt. Cindy tries not to react. Miss Mann walks around the room. As she speaks, her balls swing as they dangle in the air.
65) 14) dialog: Sometimes we do things we're not proud of.
65) 15) dialog: Some for money, others to gain an athletic edge against the competition. Miss Mann walks over to Cindy, places her hand on one shoulder and accidentally rests her balls on Cindy's other shoulder.
65) 16) dialog: Sometimes those little secrets come back to haunt us in the most unpredictable ways. You know what I mean? Cindy jumps up.
65) 18) dialog: Anytime, dear. Cindy hustles out of the office.