15) 9) text: If how much money a guy has is so important, why are you dating Ray?
15) 11) text: Ray and Greg standing at lockers. Ray takes off his shirt, exposing his muscular upper body He slips on a ty-dyed tank top.
15) 12) dialog: Yo, man, this shirt make me look gay.
15) 14) dialog: How about now? Back to girls.
15) 25) dialog: Nah. That kid is late every day. I don't get it. He lives so close.
17) 3) dialog: I think I knew her. She had a brother named Steve, pretty eyes, long hair perfect ass.
17) 5) dialog: No, I was talking about Steve. Whatever happened to him?
19) 2) dialog: Here, put this on. Bobby puts in the tape. The song "It's Raining Men" blares out speakers. Everyone looks at Ray.
19) 3) dialog: Hey, it's a classic.
20) 0) text: Ray and Brandy in the back are really going at it hot and heavy.
27) 3) dialog: Is he alive?
27) 9) dialog: No way, I ain't going to jail.
27) 12) dialog: You're right. Maybe we should call the police. Behind them we see the man sit up. He calls out to them.
27) 15) dialog: White girls?! Bobby nods yes.
27) 16) dialog: What do we do first?
28) 6) dialog: I'll take his underwear. They finish stripping the man then toss his naked body ov the side.
37) 1) text: Ray calls the play.
37) 2) dialog: 25 dive play on 2. Break! They clap hands, break huddle and set formation. Ray at the quarterback position steps up behind the cente who is bent over ready to hike the ball.
37) 3) dialog: 
37) 7) dialog: Oh, my bad! Hike! Hike! Center snaps the ball. Ray steps back to pass, revealing he's got a hard on. He throws the ball and makes the play. Coach blows the whistle, ending practice. The players rus to the locker room.
38) 0) text: Players enter after a tough work out. Ray is first. He starts to undress. Several players pass Ray and he congratulates each of them with a pat on the ass.
38) 1) dialog: Hey Murphy, nice catch. Dugan, good block. Johnson, what a move. Woodward, nice ass. Woodward looks at him strange, continues on. Ray heads to the shower, towel wrapped around his waist. notices Greg lingering.
38) 4) dialog: OkayВ® Alright, guys, last one in is a rotten egg. Ray snatches off his towel, playfully swatting the other players.
40) 0) text: Bobby, Cindy, Ray, Brandy, Buffy, Shorty are sitting arou the fountain, discussing the murder.
40) 4) dialog: How'd it go with the police?
60) 0) text: Cindy enters, grabs a tray and gets in line. Cindy looks at menu. It reads "Same Old Shit".
60) 11) dialog: We gotta get this guy.
60) 13) dialog: I heard he was let out this morning.
67) 7) dialog: I don't get it. Why?
68) 0) text: Ray and Brandy sitting on his bed, sharing fruit. Ray is wearing shorts and a tank top. Music plays in the background. Brandy is wearing Ray's football jersey.
68) 2) dialog: Promise. He gives her a reassuring kiss. The song "Same Ho" by Snoop Dog is playing on the radio. SONG V.O. Every where I go, I see the same ho, in every video, I see the same hoooВ®
68) 4) dialog: You know, you look really sexy in my jersey. Brandy stands up and begins to model the jersey.
68) 6) dialog: Yeah, put these on with it. He hands her the football pants.
68) 7) dialog: And these too. He hands her a pair of cleats.
68) 9) dialog: Yeah, and this too. He gives her his shoulder pads.
68) 10) dialog: Yeah, that's hot. Wait. One more thing. He puts a helmet on her head.
68) 11) dialog: That's what I'm talkin' about. Come here, you sexy thing you. Ray grabs her and starts making passionate love to her.
69) 0) text: Ray and Brandy walk to the box office to get tickets.
69) 2) dialog: What are you talking about? You just got your GED.
69) 4) dialog: That's cuz it's Shakespeare. Reveal they are going to see "Shakespeare in Love".
69) 6) dialog: Look, why don't you just chill and try to have a good time.
70) 1) dialog: Look, why don't you go get some seats? I'm gonna get some refreshments. Ray stands in line at the concession stand. Brandy enters the screening room.
71) 0) text: Ray enters, looking for Brandy. Brandy calls for Ray.
71) 2) dialog: You want some popcorn?
71) 6) dialog: Watch my seat. I have to go to the bathroom.
72) 0) text: A guy stands in front of a condom dispenser and chooses f the selection: "Ultra Sensitive", "For Her Pleasure", "Can't Feel Shit", and "You're a Daddy". Another guy washes his hands at the sink, then turns to p down the rotating towels and it's a pair of pants that go in a circle. Enter Ray. He waits for a free urinal, but they're all occupied by guys pissing at a target in the bowl. As they pee on the bulls-eye, toy horses rac across a track on the wall like a carnival game. The guys look straight ahead. Ray tries to find a stall. He checks under other doors. He sees a pair of tennis shoes, cleats, clogs, ballerina shoes up on their toes, and the ugliest pair of men's feet with freshly painted red toenails with the toe separators still in them. Finally, he looks under a door and doesn't see any feet. Ray opens the door. Reveal a LITTLE PERSON sitting on the toilet.
72) 2) text: My bad. The handicap stall opens. A guy in a wheelchair rolls out The guy in the wheelchair looks around, stands up, folds up the chair, picks it up walks out. Ray shakes his head in disbelief, then enters the handica stall. Ray finishes, zips his pants, turns to exit. Ray starts to leave when he hears voices coming from the adjacent stall. Ray presses his ear against the stall wall. Traces the sound to a small hole in the stall wall. Ray presses his ear against the hole. A penis pokes throu tickling his ear. Ray chuckles and presses his head closer. This time the penis thrusts through his ear. Ray grabs his ear in pain. Goo flows out of his mouth. He falls to the floor.
92) 0) text: Cindy runs to the door. She looks behind her. The killer is gone. Cindy turns to leave and runs into Ray.
93) 4) dialog: Huh? Wait, whoa! I'm not gay.
93) 6) dialog: They play good music.
93) 8) dialog: I wanted to do some shopping!
93) 10) dialog: Hey, you sucked my di.
93) 14) dialog: But there's more! Hold on cause this is a scream baby! Ray exits. He comes back with Cindy's dad, bound and gagged.
93) 16) dialog: No, we were just having a little fun with him. NEW ANGLE DAD. We see his pants are down around his ankle
93) 18) text: Come on baby, get it!!! Ray stabs Bobby repeatedly.
93) 20) dialog: My bad.
93) 22) dialog: What?
93) 24) dialog: Shit, you must be crazy! Ain't nobody stabbing me! Suddenly Ray goes silent. A hook pierces his body as he i lifted off the ground. The killer, standing behind him, removes the hook. Ray falls dead. One swift blow and Bobby is dead too. Killer swings at Cindy. His hook misses her and gets stuc Cindy punches the killer in the face. He goes flying, leaving his hook behind. Cindy tries to run and the killer trips her.