12) 0) text: The media is surrounding a young black teen sporting a sh black afro with a pick sticking out, a hemp emblemed t-shirt and a roach clip on chain around his neck. He smiles, revealing a gold cap on a rotting tooth. His name is SHORTY.
12) 2) dialog: Oh shit, I'm on TV. I wanna give a shout out to Shane and dem! Peace to my peeps, much love to the east and west, Tasha, wake up, the baby's daddy is a staraah!!
12) 4) dialog: She got a fat ass, kid! Ya know what I mean?
13) 0) text: Shorty stands smoking a fat joint, looking up at two billboard ads. One reads, "Just Say No." The other, a Nike ad that reads, "Just Do It." He looks back and forth between the two. Heavily contemplating both messages. Finally, he looks down at his own tennis shoes. Then back up to the Nike ad.
13) 1) dialog: Yo, son, I'm with you. Just do that shit. He takes a long drag off his joint and exits.
14) 0) text: Shorty and his HOMIES kick it up on the school lawn. Getting high and tripping off Drew's death.
14) 1) dialog: Yo, son, that's fucked up that Drew got killed.
14) 3) dialog: I didn't even get to fuck her.
14) 5) dialog: I'm just glad that it wasn't one of us.
14) 9) dialog: Kid, in the most successful horror flicks, most niggas don't even make it to the credits, yo.
14) 11) dialog: That's why we as a people have to come together and show up to the movies on time if we want to see our black people die. If you stop to get a forty, you could miss the whole thing.
14) 13) dialog: "Cause you know they ain't gone never let us play the homeopathic killer.
14) 15) dialog: Oh, sure there's that one cat, Candyman, but they don't even let that brotha wear a mask. Why not? Jason, Michael Myers, even the Phantom of the Grand Ole Opry covers half his face.
14) 17) dialog: But see, the thing is, they don't fit a description. On the other hand, without a mask, they could easily stick my man Candy ina line up and frame him for some trumped up bullshit. You see what I'm saying?
14) 19) dialog: And tell me this, why he always got to be on C.P. time?
14) 20) dialog: You've got to call the brotha' repetitiously before he even shows up. Candyman! Candyman! Candyman! Nigga' you hear me callin you. Bring your pimp lookin ass on. Off chasing white girls. That's what got your hands cut off in the first place. Which brings me to my point, son. The two stare at him in confused silence.
14) 21) dialog: (as if it were obvious) Yo, it all started with a white girl. So you know what that means. Continued silence.
14) 22) dialog: Drew's dead. We black. Candy. Man. It's so obvious, kid. Blank stares.
14) 23) dialog: I've got the munchies like a muthaвЂ™ fuckaвЂ™. Suddenly clarity registers with the homies.
15) 0) text: The girls enter. V.O. Hey ladies! The girls turn to see SHORTY, young African American, cut in an awkward kind of way.
15) 3) dialog: Cindy?
15) 5) dialog: Oh well, you force me to open it up to hundreds of other girls who would die for the opportunity, but just because I like you guys, I'm gonna wait till lunch before I go public. See ya at the fountain. Shorty heads to class.
40) 0) text: Bobby, Cindy, Ray, Brandy, Buffy, Shorty are sitting arou the fountain, discussing the murder.
40) 3) dialog: Yo, yo , what's up?
40) 5) dialog: They tried to intimidate a brother but I told them I don't talk to pigs and I ain't dropping dime on nobody. I just told them where they could shove it. Shorty reveals he has a plunger sticking out of his ass.
40) 10) dialog: Hey, didn't Greg used to go out with her?
40) 12) dialog: No, but it makes him a suspect.
40) 14) dialog: I was chillin" at the crib watching an ill kung fu flick called Tae Bo. There was this ugly ass brother and he looked like a burnt up Keenen Ivory Wayans but the ill shit is, he didn't fight nobody he just warmed up the whole time.
40) 15) dialog: What did you do last night?
40) 17) dialog: Can you prove it?
40) 40) dialog: Somebody want to tell me what that was all about?
60) 9) dialog: What?! She's dead too?
67) 12) dialog: Yo, kid. You got that ill chronic. I told you that shit would make you fly.
75) 1) dialog: Here it comes..SPLAT!
75) 3) dialog: It's great promotion for Miramax.
75) 5) dialog: He doesn't. LL Cool J is one of the only black guys to survive a horror movie. Him and Duane Martin from Scream 2. That's because they followed the rules.
75) 7) dialog: There are certain rules a black person must follow in order to survive a horror movie.
75) 9) dialog: Probably dead. The sassy black best friend of a white virgin is always sacrificed first. It's like being the black guy with the red shirt in the Star Trek landing party when Kirk says "Johnson, go check it out". You know he ain't coming back. Kids boo and throw popcorn at Shorty.
89) 0) text: The phone rings. Shorty answers it.
89) 1) dialog: Hello? What? No way! Shorty hangs up. Turns to the kids.