1) 0) text: A_new maroon Jaguar pulls into the #1 parking spot. Out s DEAN TRASK, an avuncular man in his 50’s, the obligatory schoolmaster’s cozy bow tie and blue blazer, however the bears more the flinty expression of a labor negotiator or baseball front office man. Observing Trask from in front of the Administration Build another group of students, HARRY HAVEMEYER, 18, a born-to-the-purple prep school prince, GEORGE WILLIS, 17, Harry’s consort, and two aides of Harry’s, TRENT and JIMM
1) 2) dialog: I can’t believe it, they really gave it to hin. HARRY “ Now he’s a loser with a Jaguar. Dean Trask locks the car, gives it a last, cherishing loo heads for the Administration Building. Harry breaks off f his cohorts and angles across the yard to cut him off. é HARRY (contd) Dean Trask!
2) 3) dialog: What was all that?
2) 8) dialog: Sugarbush is Stowe, Jimmy.
2) 13) dialog: ‘Staad.
3) 0) text: Charlie bumps into Harry and George as they all squeeze o door, Jimmy and Trent following close behind as the group proceeds up a narrow path of the grassy quadrangle.
3) 1) dialog: (to Charlie) You going home this weekend?
3) 3) dialog: Going home to fucking Idaho for Thanksgiving?
3) 5) dialog: I meant fucking Oregon.
3) 19) dialog: (to Harry) What’d you do that for? You know he’s on Aid --
9) 0) text: Charlie is stamping out the books of the last student bef closing. The student is George. Charlie pauses over one o books.
9) 2) dialog: Here’s the thing. I need it for tonight. Thanksgiving quiz with Big Shit Preston in the morning.
9) 4) dialog: So I’ll heave it through the slot in the A.M. Chas, I got to do an all night, all frantic. Without this book, I’m dead. Charlie studies George.
9) 6) dialog: I promise. Charlie shrugs, smiles.
9) 8) dialog: You headed back, I/’11 wait for you.
10) 0) text: Charlie and George bounce down the marble steps leading t lobby of the building. INT. DEAN TRASK’S OFFICE - NIGHT Mrs. Hunsaker, all bundled up against the November chill, good night to Dean Trask as he finishes signing the day’s correspondence. EXT. DEAN’S HOUSE - NIGHT The trunk of Dean Trask’s Jaguar is open, the concrete mi churning, concrete pumping into the hose, Harry shooting high-pressure stream into the trunk of the car.
11) 0) text: Charlie and George emerge.
13) 0) text: " George and Charlie heading along a path to the dormitor
13) 1) dialog: ..-God, can you wait to get out of . this dump?
13) 3) dialog: Bush, Chas, Bush, Sugarbush -- 15 16 17 18 19 20 21
13) 4) text: 22 23 16. George laughs, but now the SOUND of the concrete mixer ge attention. He and Charlie glance down towards the Dean’s see Harry, Trent and Jimmy busy around the concrete mixer EXT. DEAN’S HOUSE - NIGHT “22 Something makes the busy Harry look up, he sees the figur Mrs. Hunsaker approaching. Harry drops the hose, Jimmy sl the car trunk, Trent switches off the mixer and the three them take off. Sudden silence. From a distance, George and Charlie are observing the sce when Mrs. Hunsaker appears behind them.
13) 6) dialog: I don’t know, ma’am.
13) 9) dialog: Isn’t that your husband, Mrs. Hunsaker? Mrs. Hunsaker glances at her watch, checks around again b is still and she crosses the "yard" to her car. EXT. DEAN TRASK’S HOUSE - NEXT MORNING 23 Trask heads out into the brisk morning air, his pipe at a angle, is about to climb into his Jaguar, glances down, n it has a flat rear tire. He sighs, opens the door on the side, reaches in to pop the trunk release, then walks aro the back to get out the jack. But the trunk is filled wit solid concrete and now with a CRACK, the other rear tire way and the entire car tilts skywards as it settles back its rear axles. A hysterical, contemptuous ROAR from the hill overlooking Dean’s house, Trask looks up, half the student body has assembled to observe him.
14) 0) text: Piled high outside the door is weekend luggage, laundry b backpacks, hockey sticks taped to overnight valises. In t growded dining hall, Harry chats casually with George, Tr immy.
14) 1) dialog: ..-It’s the timing that I love. The morning of Thanksgiving weekend. What the hell’s he going to do now -~-
14) 3) dialog: - And dammit, I didn’t get to do anything.
14) 5) dialog: I almost shat when the old bag --
14) 9) dialog: You get a Dean’s slip, Chas? George and Harry are studying Charlie, he chooses not to to George, but his eyes are on Harry as he answers.
14) 11) text: 25 18. Charlie dips into the bowl, Harry stares with a mixture o wonder and contempt as Charlie slides a pair of watery eg a cold piece of toast. INT. DEAN TRASK’S OFFICE - MORNING "25 Dean Trask is at his window, looking down at the "yard" a maelstrom of students streaming out for the Thanksgiving as vans, buses and a few fancy private cars await them in street. Trask turns back from the window to George and Charlie wh seated in chairs in front of his desk. He closes his door
14) 13) dialog: I really couldn’t tell you, sir. I thought it was weird the mixer was working at night but by the time I pulled focus, they were gone.
14) 20) dialog: The automobile? from Trask.
14) 31) dialog: Yes, sir.
14) 34) dialog: Pardon, sir?
15) 0) text: George hurries down the steps with a shaken Charlie, and the Administration Building.
15) 3) dialog: What’d he say?
15) 5) dialog: What do you mean, ‘nothing’?
15) 7) dialog: He’s good-cop, bad-copping us. He knows I’m Old Guard, you’re fringe. He’s going to bear down on me, soft soap you. Did he try to soft soap you?
15) 9) dialog: I’m getting a slight panic pulse from you, Charlie. Are you panicking?
15) 11) dialog: You're on scholarship, right?
15) 13) dialog: on scholarship from Oregon at Baird. You’re a long way from home, Chas. CHARLIE . What’s that got to do with anything?
15) 14) dialog: Well, I don’t know how they do it out there but this is how we do it here. We stick together. It’s us against them, no matter what. We don’t tell our parents and we don’t cover our ass. Stonewall everybody and above ~ all never, never, leave any of us twisting in the wind.
15) 17) dialog: Just trying to bring you up to speed.
15) 20) dialog: Tell you what. Give me a few hours to figure out the moves. Call me tonight in Vermont. We’ll be at the Sugarbush Lodge.
15) 22) dialog: You okay?
24) 50) text: SLADE (contd) Okay, we got Harry, we got George. And we got trouble. They’re rich, you’re poor. (MORE)
28) 20) dialog: Hello.
28) 22) dialog: Hey, how’re you doing, why didn’t you call last night?
28) 24) dialog: (interrupting) You okay? You sound funny.
28) 26) dialog: Next year, you’ve got to come up with us. White powder on a base of snow bunnies. Charlie doesn’t answer. GEORGE (V.0.) (contd) Are you there?
28) 28) dialog: For now, the move is no move. Status quo. Everything’s the way we left it.
28) 32) dialog: See no evil, hear no evil, you know what I mean, Chas?
28) 34) dialog: Ease out, everything’s going to be all right. You hear me?
28) 36) dialog: Okay, then. Walk like you talk. The phone clicks off.
38) 38) dialog: 
38) 39) dialog: You just caught me.
38) 41) dialog: Home.
38) 43) dialog: Catching the puddle-jumper. Keep your fingers crossed.
38) 45) dialog: I was thinking, Chas, this asshole Trask is making no sense at all. Somebody’s got to talk to him. My father’s class of '59
38) 47) dialog: This guy Trask’s out of control. Dad will bring him to his a major fundraiser, y
38) 49) dialog: Relax, he’ll get us off the hook, hey -- what time is it?
38) 52) dialog: Whoa, I gotta go. Everything all right?
38) 54) dialog: See you Monday. ‘Bye. Charlie hangs up, slumps in the seat, stares at the phone
62) 0) text: An impressive assembly hall, portraits of founders and fo headmasters line the walls, the entire student body is se into long benches, century-old relics with initials of al long dead carved into the backs. The benches face a stage a podium. Charlie enters, the bell is RINGING steadily now, a Monit touches Charlie’s arm, motions him up the steps to the st where the members of the Student-Faculty Disciplinary Com are taking seats in wooden armchairs arranged in a semi-c Facing the Committee are a pair of elementary school-type Charlie notices George at one of the desks, but he is dep to see a distinguished-looking, gray-haired man seated be him, GEORGE WILLIS, SR. George, Jr., who appears to have in size next to his father, studiously avoids meeting Cha glance as Charlie takes his seat at the other desk. Mrs. Hunsaker is beside the podium with a note pad. A noisy ru and scraping of benches, the students rising as Dean Tras enters from a wing. Charlie, isolated at his desk, looks out, his eyes rove t of students’ faces in the great hall. Seated in their mid and side-by-side, are Harry, Trent and Jimmy. The bell st ringing as the last tardy students take their seats. Tras approaches the podium. TRASK . ..-I called an open meeting of this institution this morning because the incident that occurred this Tuesday last, describes an issue that concerns all of us...not an isolated case of (MORE)
62) 16) dialog: Yes?
62) 19) dialog: I didn’t have my glasses on. George’s father stares at hin. GEORGE (contd) (quickly) I was in the library, I had on my reading glasses, and then I helped Simms close up and I started to put on my regular glasses but it was a real frosty night, right? So I started to clean them, then I heard this sound, but I never got a chance to put them on.
62) 21) dialog: } (to Trask) Well, like I say, it was real blurry -- I mean I can’t see without my : glasses --
62) 25) dialog: Now don’t hold me to this, but -- I mean no glasses, and it was dark and everything and --
62) 27) dialog: Maybe Harry Havemeyer, Trent Potter and Jimmy Jameson.
62) 32) dialog: Ballpark. Best guess.
62) 34) dialog: Well, Charlie could tell you for sure, he was closer. Trask, finally, irritated by the interchange, turns to Ch