1) 0) text: A_new maroon Jaguar pulls into the #1 parking spot. Out s DEAN TRASK, an avuncular man in his 50’s, the obligatory schoolmaster’s cozy bow tie and blue blazer, however the bears more the flinty expression of a labor negotiator or baseball front office man. Observing Trask from in front of the Administration Build another group of students, HARRY HAVEMEYER, 18, a born-to-the-purple prep school prince, GEORGE WILLIS, 17, Harry’s consort, and two aides of Harry’s, TRENT and JIMM
1) 1) dialog: Will you look at this?
1) 7) dialog: Good morning, sir. Fabulous.
1) 9) dialog: That’s some piece of steel you got.
2) 0) text: Harry pursues Trask as he moves down the lobby.
2) 1) dialog: ...No sir, I think it’s great. Why should the head of Baird be putt-putting around in some junker? I think the Board of Trustees have had their first stroke of inspiration in some time.
2) 4) dialog: Nothing. e
2) 5) text: C’mon, Harry --
2) 6) dialog: Nothing. Just saying hello. I always enjoy saying hello to Dean Trask. Harry opens the envelope, smiles. HARRY (contd) Sugarbush. Lift tickets and condo vouchers.
2) 10) dialog: ...We’re doing it right, Thanksgiving in Vermont, Christmas in Switzerland --
2) 12) dialog: Staad, the ‘G’ is silent. George?
2) 14) dialog: Trent?
2) 16) dialog: So what about ‘Staad?
2) 18) dialog: Better yet, why doesn’t my father talk to your father. : to class.
3) 0) text: Charlie bumps into Harry and George as they all squeeze o door, Jimmy and Trent following close behind as the group proceeds up a narrow path of the grassy quadrangle.
3) 6) dialog: (to Charlie) How do you feel about skiing? In the mood for the white-bosomed slopes of Vermont?
3) 8) dialog: We got a deal going, kid. 20% off for my friends. My dad arranged it. Christmas in Switzerland --
3) 11) dialog: Not if you’ve been there. to Charlie) Easter in Bermuda. Then, Kentucky Derby weekend. We could work you in, son.
3) 15) dialog: Twelve hundred dollars. Included is a nine-course champagne Thanksgiving dinner.
3) 17) dialog: How short are you? Charlie smiles.
3) 20) dialog: On major holidays, Willis, it is customary for the lord of the manor to offer drippings to the poor.
9) 10) text: 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 15. EXT. DEAN TRASK’S HOUSE - NIGHT The Dean’s maroon Jaguar is parked outside. Harry approac it stealthily, bends over the trunk, pops it open with a crowbar. Nearby, a concrete mixer from a small landscapin operation has been resting overnight beside a garden wall Jimmy jabs a bag of concrete mix with a spade, Trent pick the bag and heaves the contents into the mixer. Harry swi the mixer on, it THUMPS rhythmically. He picks up the noz of the mixer’s thick hose and jogs back to the car with i the first drops of concrete squeeze out.
10) 0) text: Charlie and George bounce down the marble steps leading t lobby of the building. INT. DEAN TRASK’S OFFICE - NIGHT Mrs. Hunsaker, all bundled up against the November chill, good night to Dean Trask as he finishes signing the day’s correspondence. EXT. DEAN’S HOUSE - NIGHT The trunk of Dean Trask’s Jaguar is open, the concrete mi churning, concrete pumping into the hose, Harry shooting high-pressure stream into the trunk of the car.
13) 4) text: 22 23 16. George laughs, but now the SOUND of the concrete mixer ge attention. He and Charlie glance down towards the Dean’s see Harry, Trent and Jimmy busy around the concrete mixer EXT. DEAN’S HOUSE - NIGHT “22 Something makes the busy Harry look up, he sees the figur Mrs. Hunsaker approaching. Harry drops the hose, Jimmy sl the car trunk, Trent switches off the mixer and the three them take off. Sudden silence. From a distance, George and Charlie are observing the sce when Mrs. Hunsaker appears behind them.
14) 0) text: Piled high outside the door is weekend luggage, laundry b backpacks, hockey sticks taped to overnight valises. In t growded dining hall, Harry chats casually with George, Tr immy.
14) 2) dialog: (to George) ..-You didn’t hear anything, you didn’t see anything.
14) 4) dialog: You were too busy grinding for Preston’s quiz. If you’re not careful, George, you’re going to end up an Achiever.
14) 6) dialog: She doesn’t know a thing. Trent motions to Harry. They all fall silent as Charlie d through the dining hall doors just before they close, tak Closest seat available -- at Harry’s table. HARRY (contd) What about you, Oregon?
14) 8) dialog: Did you see anything? Charlie glances casually at Harry, now at George, he is v aware of what is in the air. He reaches down the table fo serving bowl swimming with poached eggs.
14) 11) text: 25 18. Charlie dips into the bowl, Harry stares with a mixture o wonder and contempt as Charlie slides a pair of watery eg a cold piece of toast. INT. DEAN TRASK’S OFFICE - MORNING "25 Dean Trask is at his window, looking down at the "yard" a maelstrom of students streaming out for the Thanksgiving as vans, buses and a few fancy private cars await them in street. Trask turns back from the window to George and Charlie wh seated in chairs in front of his desk. He closes his door
24) 50) text: SLADE (contd) Okay, we got Harry, we got George. And we got trouble. They’re rich, you’re poor. (MORE)
38) 33) dialog: Chas. You just caught us. We were chauffeuring George to the airport.
38) 36) dialog: Hold on, why don’t you talk to the man himself? Charlie waits. Chas...
62) 0) text: An impressive assembly hall, portraits of founders and fo headmasters line the walls, the entire student body is se into long benches, century-old relics with initials of al long dead carved into the backs. The benches face a stage a podium. Charlie enters, the bell is RINGING steadily now, a Monit touches Charlie’s arm, motions him up the steps to the st where the members of the Student-Faculty Disciplinary Com are taking seats in wooden armchairs arranged in a semi-c Facing the Committee are a pair of elementary school-type Charlie notices George at one of the desks, but he is dep to see a distinguished-looking, gray-haired man seated be him, GEORGE WILLIS, SR. George, Jr., who appears to have in size next to his father, studiously avoids meeting Cha glance as Charlie takes his seat at the other desk. Mrs. Hunsaker is beside the podium with a note pad. A noisy ru and scraping of benches, the students rising as Dean Tras enters from a wing. Charlie, isolated at his desk, looks out, his eyes rove t of students’ faces in the great hall. Seated in their mid and side-by-side, are Harry, Trent and Jimmy. The bell st ringing as the last tardy students take their seats. Tras approaches the podium. TRASK . ..-I called an open meeting of this institution this morning because the incident that occurred this Tuesday last, describes an issue that concerns all of us...not an isolated case of (MORE)