4) 0) text: Past the mill, across the river, above the noisy waterwor there is a blue-collar section, frame houses dark with so Charlie unfolds the squares of the piece of paper on whic copied down an address from the bulletin board. He checks number, heads up the sidewalk, rings the bell. KAREN ROSS answers, two children squeezed against her legs and pulli the seams of her jeans, FRANCINE, 4, blonde bangs, a misc smile and very dangerous, and WILLIE, 2, who does what Fr tells hin.
4) 2) dialog: Come on in.
5) 0) text: Karen shows Charlie inside, Francine and Willie still cli to her.
5) 1) dialog: Get out of the way, Francie --
5) 3) dialog: Quiet!
5) 5) dialog: Shush. (to Charlie) I’m sorry, the School gave me your name but I’ve forgotten it.
5) 7) dialog: How are you, Charlie?
5) 9) dialog: Right this way... Charlie follows Karen as she picks her way down a dark ha littered with toys and a stroller, past an adult work ben through a kitchen in deep activity with pots working on t stove. KAREN (contd) You’re available for the whole weekend?
5) 11) dialog: Not going home for Thanksgiving?
5) 13) dialog: Good. She opens the back door, tired wooden steps lead down to
5) 14) text: KAREN (contd) -- They put him in a Veterans’ Home but he hated it. I told my dad we’d take him --
6) 0) text: Karen leads Charlie across the yard towards a small dark cottage, an unexpected outcropping in this cramped yard.
6) 1) dialog: -- Before you go in, do you mind my telling you a few things? Don’t ‘sir’ him, don’t light his cigars, and if he staggers a little when he stands up, don’t pay any attention. Charlie stops now, stares at the cottage’s dark windows. smiles, trying to displace Charlie’s sudden caution. KAREN (contd) Charlie, I can tell right away you’re the right person for the job. And Uncle Frank’s going to like you, too.
6) 3) dialog: We’re driving to Albany. Donny -- my husband -- he’s got family there. Karen reaches down for a cat who bounds out of a pet door bottom of the cottage’s entrance, she knocks, then calls KAREN (contd) Do you want Tommy in or out?! The briefest of silences, then a powerful VOICE:
6) 6) dialog: (to Charlie) Down deep, the man is a lump of sugar.
6) 7) text: Karen gives Charlie a reassuring nod, and the gentlest of pushes. He enters the cottage, the door closes quietly be him. Through the silence, Charlie hears the burblings of children as Karen, heading back across the yard to her ho joined by Francine and Willie.
6) 39) dialog: You couldn’t have.
6) 41) dialog: That was no interview, Charlie, you’re it. You’re the only one who showed up. And you've got to take the job. He sleeps a lot, you can watch television, call your girlfriend, I promise you, an easy three hundred bucks.
6) 43) dialog: His bark is worse than his bite. The man grows on you. By Sunday night, you'll be best friends. Charlie blinks. KAREN (contd) Charlie, please -- I want to get away with my husband for a few days -- and Uncle Frank won’t come with us. I could practically leave him alone -- I just feel better having someone around. Just in case. Please -- vu Donny turns around now from the bathtub, looks pleadingly Charlie... Karen does, too. Together, they wait for his decision. Finally, Charlie smiles reticently.
7) 18) dialog: Charlie, this is Donny.
16) 0) text: Chaos as Karen and Donny and the children get ready to de K-Mart luggage and shopping bags, the kids running sprint the kitchen on their tricycles as Donny tries to bundle t while Karen gives Charlie last-minute instructions.
16) 1) dialog: -- Try to keep him down to four drinks a day.
16) 3) dialog: We try to water them down a little. Do you know how to do that -~ ?
16) 5) dialog: Okay, okay. All his food is in the freezer. Vegetable soup, a nice fish casserole. There’s more than enough for both of you -- he’s not much of an eater. DONNY . It’s a long drive, honey --
16) 6) dialog: Get the kids ready, I’11 be right out. Donny squeezes Charlie’s shoulder, gives him a smile of reassurance, goes to get the kids’ coats.
16) 10) dialog: Oh yeah, you got to air him out a little every day. Charlie observes the kids’ performance anxiously. KAREN (contd) Why don’t you go back there and get oriented? I/’11 be out in a minute and give you telephone numbers and stuff. She turns back to button up the children, and Donny gathe their belongings as Charlie heads across the backyard to cottage. INT. SLADE’S COTTAGE - AFTERNOON 28 The SOUND of Slade on the telephone as Charlie enters. Ch glances around, the place is in transition, drawers open, various clothing items slung over chairs. Near a small refrigerator in an alcove, a huge mound of cat food and a bowl of water. Charlie pokes his head in the bedroom. Slade, aware of Ch immediately, waves him inside.
16) 16) text: 29 30 26. He pushes Charlie towards the door, keeping a hand on him stay oriented. Karen knocks gently, Charlie opens it. Sla calls to her over Charlie’s shoulder. SLADE (contd) Hi, honey! ‘Bye, honey! Karen reaches out, hands Charlie a folded piece of paper, provoking a wary Slade to crowd into the doorway.
16) 17) dialog: (to Charlie) This is where we’ll be -- In her rush, Karen takes a moment now. Purposefully, she up to kiss Slade and he, in return, searches her face wit hand. Charlie watches, entranced by the movement of Slade head which swivels like a performing seal as he scans Kar presence. KAREN (contd) I wish you were coming with us.
17) 0) text: Karen strides quickly across the yard towards the car, wh Donny and the children are waiting.
17) 1) dialog: Good luck, Charlie. Don’t let him drink too much! She climbs in the car, leans out the window. KAREN (contd) And no 900 numbers! He loves to talk dirty! _ The Rossis and their children drive away. Through the r window a disappearing Francine reprises her staggering dr routine for Charlie.
65) 21) text: Slade stops, Willie climbs on the back, holds on to Slade grabbing his belt. Now Slade picks up the pace. Karen app at the kitchen window, Donny beside her, they watch, dumb the proceedings outside. Charlie observes from the back seat of the limo, Manny is to pull away.