10) 0) text: Charlie and George bounce down the marble steps leading t lobby of the building. INT. DEAN TRASK’S OFFICE - NIGHT Mrs. Hunsaker, all bundled up against the November chill, good night to Dean Trask as he finishes signing the day’s correspondence. EXT. DEAN’S HOUSE - NIGHT The trunk of Dean Trask’s Jaguar is open, the concrete mi churning, concrete pumping into the hose, Harry shooting high-pressure stream into the trunk of the car.
12) 0) text: Mrs. Hunsaker walks placidly across the silent quadrangle now her eyebrows knit at the SOUND of the concrete mixer.
13) 4) text: 22 23 16. George laughs, but now the SOUND of the concrete mixer ge attention. He and Charlie glance down towards the Dean’s see Harry, Trent and Jimmy busy around the concrete mixer EXT. DEAN’S HOUSE - NIGHT “22 Something makes the busy Harry look up, he sees the figur Mrs. Hunsaker approaching. Harry drops the hose, Jimmy sl the car trunk, Trent switches off the mixer and the three them take off. Sudden silence. From a distance, George and Charlie are observing the sce when Mrs. Hunsaker appears behind them.
13) 5) dialog: Who was that? George looks at Charlie, Charlie looks at George. MRS. HUNSAKER (contd) Who were those boys? What were they doing?
13) 7) dialog: Charles?
62) 0) text: An impressive assembly hall, portraits of founders and fo headmasters line the walls, the entire student body is se into long benches, century-old relics with initials of al long dead carved into the backs. The benches face a stage a podium. Charlie enters, the bell is RINGING steadily now, a Monit touches Charlie’s arm, motions him up the steps to the st where the members of the Student-Faculty Disciplinary Com are taking seats in wooden armchairs arranged in a semi-c Facing the Committee are a pair of elementary school-type Charlie notices George at one of the desks, but he is dep to see a distinguished-looking, gray-haired man seated be him, GEORGE WILLIS, SR. George, Jr., who appears to have in size next to his father, studiously avoids meeting Cha glance as Charlie takes his seat at the other desk. Mrs. Hunsaker is beside the podium with a note pad. A noisy ru and scraping of benches, the students rising as Dean Tras enters from a wing. Charlie, isolated at his desk, looks out, his eyes rove t of students’ faces in the great hall. Seated in their mid and side-by-side, are Harry, Trent and Jimmy. The bell st ringing as the last tardy students take their seats. Tras approaches the podium. TRASK . ..-I called an open meeting of this institution this morning because the incident that occurred this Tuesday last, describes an issue that concerns all of us...not an isolated case of (MORE)
62) 73) dialog: (reading) The joint Student-Faculty Disciplinary Committee need no further sessions, they have come to a decision. Messrs. Havemeyer, Potter and Jameson are placed on probation for suspicion of ungentlemanly conduct -- It is further recommended that Mr. George Willis, Jr. receive neither recognition, nor commendation, for his cooperation -- George, Sr. gets up and walks out. MRS. HUNSAKER (contd) Mr. Charles Simms is excused from any further response to this incident. The place erupts, RHYTHMIC APPLAUSE again, the back-bench climbing on each others’ shoulders to get a better view o Slade and Charlie.