1) 0) text: A_new maroon Jaguar pulls into the #1 parking spot. Out s DEAN TRASK, an avuncular man in his 50’s, the obligatory schoolmaster’s cozy bow tie and blue blazer, however the bears more the flinty expression of a labor negotiator or baseball front office man. Observing Trask from in front of the Administration Build another group of students, HARRY HAVEMEYER, 18, a born-to-the-purple prep school prince, GEORGE WILLIS, 17, Harry’s consort, and two aides of Harry’s, TRENT and JIMM
2) 15) dialog: ‘Staad. Harry turns back to Jimmy.
3) 0) text: Charlie bumps into Harry and George as they all squeeze o door, Jimmy and Trent following close behind as the group proceeds up a narrow path of the grassy quadrangle.
9) 10) text: 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 15. EXT. DEAN TRASK’S HOUSE - NIGHT The Dean’s maroon Jaguar is parked outside. Harry approac it stealthily, bends over the trunk, pops it open with a crowbar. Nearby, a concrete mixer from a small landscapin operation has been resting overnight beside a garden wall Jimmy jabs a bag of concrete mix with a spade, Trent pick the bag and heaves the contents into the mixer. Harry swi the mixer on, it THUMPS rhythmically. He picks up the noz of the mixer’s thick hose and jogs back to the car with i the first drops of concrete squeeze out.
13) 4) text: 22 23 16. George laughs, but now the SOUND of the concrete mixer ge attention. He and Charlie glance down towards the Dean’s see Harry, Trent and Jimmy busy around the concrete mixer EXT. DEAN’S HOUSE - NIGHT “22 Something makes the busy Harry look up, he sees the figur Mrs. Hunsaker approaching. Harry drops the hose, Jimmy sl the car trunk, Trent switches off the mixer and the three them take off. Sudden silence. From a distance, George and Charlie are observing the sce when Mrs. Hunsaker appears behind them.
62) 0) text: An impressive assembly hall, portraits of founders and fo headmasters line the walls, the entire student body is se into long benches, century-old relics with initials of al long dead carved into the backs. The benches face a stage a podium. Charlie enters, the bell is RINGING steadily now, a Monit touches Charlie’s arm, motions him up the steps to the st where the members of the Student-Faculty Disciplinary Com are taking seats in wooden armchairs arranged in a semi-c Facing the Committee are a pair of elementary school-type Charlie notices George at one of the desks, but he is dep to see a distinguished-looking, gray-haired man seated be him, GEORGE WILLIS, SR. George, Jr., who appears to have in size next to his father, studiously avoids meeting Cha glance as Charlie takes his seat at the other desk. Mrs. Hunsaker is beside the podium with a note pad. A noisy ru and scraping of benches, the students rising as Dean Tras enters from a wing. Charlie, isolated at his desk, looks out, his eyes rove t of students’ faces in the great hall. Seated in their mid and side-by-side, are Harry, Trent and Jimmy. The bell st ringing as the last tardy students take their seats. Tras approaches the podium. TRASK . ..-I called an open meeting of this institution this morning because the incident that occurred this Tuesday last, describes an issue that concerns all of us...not an isolated case of (MORE)