4) 0) text: Past the mill, across the river, above the noisy waterwor there is a blue-collar section, frame houses dark with so Charlie unfolds the squares of the piece of paper on whic copied down an address from the bulletin board. He checks number, heads up the sidewalk, rings the bell. KAREN ROSS answers, two children squeezed against her legs and pulli the seams of her jeans, FRANCINE, 4, blonde bangs, a misc smile and very dangerous, and WILLIE, 2, who does what Fr tells hin.
5) 0) text: Karen shows Charlie inside, Francine and Willie still cli to her.
5) 4) dialog: Pimples! Yay!
6) 7) text: Karen gives Charlie a reassuring nod, and the gentlest of pushes. He enters the cottage, the door closes quietly be him. Through the silence, Charlie hears the burblings of children as Karen, heading back across the yard to her ho joined by Francine and Willie.
6) 9) dialog: Pimples! INT. SLADE’S COTTAGE - DAY Semi-darkness but as the eyes become accustomed, objects to come into view. Charlie taps on the door frame.
16) 9) dialog: Yay, yay, his walk -- ! Francine and Willie ditch their trikes and launch into th version of a drunk -- Ben Blue/W.C. Fields/Foster Brooks into one, as rendered by two toddlers.
31) 14) text: 45 61. SLADE (contd) (to Randy) Where’s your miserable father, no, let’s surprise him. See if we can give that fat heart of his an attack. (calling out) Willie! INT. W.R. SLADES’S HOUSE - DAY 45 In the living room, two men are watching the NFL game on television, W.R., mid-50’s, a messy overweight sort in a 3-piece suit, with him his younger son, GARRY, 25. W.R. Do you hear what I hear?
65) 0) text: The limo pulls up outside 16 Water Street, the distant SO Francine and Willie playing, Donny’s truck is in the driv Slade lowers his window, breathes in the smell of the pla
65) 10) dialog: Me, too! -
65) 20) dialog: Hey!
65) 21) text: Slade stops, Willie climbs on the back, holds on to Slade grabbing his belt. Now Slade picks up the pace. Karen app at the kitchen window, Donny beside her, they watch, dumb the proceedings outside. Charlie observes from the back seat of the limo, Manny is to pull away.
65) 23) text: Charlie peers out the limo window at Slade running sprint ‘the tricycle, Francine and Willie hanging all over him, and Donny, in thrall, at the kitchen window. A smile spreads over Charlie’s face. GO OUT on the smile.