27) 11) text: -- and slugs Rudy in the gut. Merlin yanks him back up.  Merlin's a black widebody, wears a goatee and brass knuck Behind Merlin stands a fourth intruder, a stone-faced Ind in a Grateful Dead longsleeve. JUMPY. Guarding the door. Gabriel's studying Rudy, up and down. Nods. Merlin relaxe his choke-hold so Rudy can breathe.
27) 22) text: She's GRABBED from behind by Jumpy. Ashley screams, but h slams her against the wall. The tree hits the ground.
27) 25) text: Rudy fights to help her, but Merlin's got him. Pug locks  Ashley's arms. She fights, muffled cries, but Jumpy and P have her held firmly. Her face to the wall --
27) 29) text: Rudy's jaw drops. He looks to Ashley. Then to Gabriel. Ashley YELLS, enraged, kicking and clawing. Jumpy slams h back against the wall for her trouble --
27) 79) text: Gabriel KICKS Rudy in the jaw. Ashley screams. Gabriel mo to his boys: Jumpy and Pug drag her outside. Gabriel KICK Rudy again. Rudy lies there and takes it. Merlin lights a cig, examines Rudy and Ashley's grocery b
29) 0) text: Gabriel at the wheel, Merlin smoking, Jumpy eating cookie A TRUCK passes; Gabriel waves. A moment later, the CB  crackles:
31) 0) text: The rig all alone at a snowy rest area. Gabriel, Merlin a Jumpy climb inside as silhouette sentries. Gabriel survey then lifts a piece of paper:
31) 10) text: Merlin and Jumpy grab Rudy and THROW him from the truck. HITS the snowy parking lot on his side, hands bound.
31) 13) text: Merlin and Jumpy drop to the snow, picking Rudy up.
31) 19) text: She charges at her brother. Gabriel grabs her, spins her  into control and PUNCHES her in the jaw. She goes flying of the truck. HITS the ground hard. In shock. Merlin and Jumpy march Rudy across the lot. A stand of da and snowy woods ahead...
31) 22) text: Rudy struggles, desperate but held firm. Jumpy loads a  handgun, as he muses for the very first time:
31) 23) dialog: The problem with prison... is that  it is founded on the fundamentally  flawed perception of rehabilitation  through punishment. A society can't  hope to create a "changed man" by  surrounding him with the worst in  his fellow man; what it  "rehabilitates" is solely a conviction  that if he can survive the inhumanity  of prison, what then, can he not  withstand? He has seen man's darkest  soul and kept his sight: what is  left for such a man? What faith?  What fear?
31) 24) text: At the woods' edge, Jumpy gives the gun to Merlin --
31) 25) dialog: Don't get no blood on my boots --
31) 28) text: Merlin and Jumpy stop. Ashley stops screaming. Gabriel tu
31) 34) text: Merlin and Jumpy march Rudy back. Still on the ground:
31) 45) text: Merlin and Jumpy wrench Rudy backward. Ashley reaches out him, starts to speak. He looks right through her. She goe silent, casts her eyes to the snow.
32) 8) text: Gabriel nods to Jumpy, who snaps his arm up, SMASHING his knuckles into Rudy's face.
34) 0) text: A COUPLE leaves the booth behind Gabriel's crew. Pug and  Merlin reach over, steal their leftovers and dig in. Ashl fidgets. Jumpy regards the garlands painted on the windows beside:
34) 1) dialog: I've read where the retail industry  does fifty percent of its business  between December 1st and December  25th. Half the year's business, in  one month's time. It seems to me an  intelligent society would legislate  a second such gift-giving holiday,  create, say, a Christmas Two -- late  May, early June -- to further  stimulate growth and prosperity. For  who would protest such a holiday?  Taking the fifty percent model, a  Christmas Two would grow this  country's annual per capita income  by close to one-third.
34) 2) text: Everyone stares at Jumpy.
36) 36) dialog: The Powwow Safe?
38) 0) text: Gabriel drives, with Ashley beside him. Rudy sits in the  sleeper, Jumpy sitting guard.
41) 0) text: -- his quarters. Jumpy marches Rudy to the bed, snaps a  handcuff around his ankle --
43) 0) text: Rudy is brusquely dragged out by Jumpy and Merlin, passin Ashley, who lies asleep in the hall, head on a pillow.
44) 0) text: A wood-panelled room adjacent to a small indoor pool, wit arcade games and a dart board. Gabriel's with Pug, tossin darts, as Jumpy and a chain-smoking Merlin haul Rudy in.
44) 10) text: Merlin and Jumpy shove Rudy toward the merchandise. Gabri slams another dart into the board, then turns:
46) 0) text: Rudy's in "disguise": paste-on goatee, tinted shades and  black cowboy gear. Very Nashville Network. He's wedged between Jumpy and Merlin, wearing handcuffs.  Gabriel, Ashley and Pug in the back.
47) 9) text: Gabriel glares, turns to his crew. Mutters, rubs his fing together. Merlin, Pug and Jumpy reach for their wallets,  grumbling. Gabriel takes a few twenties from each. Rudy nods thanks as Gabriel hands him the cash --
50) 6) text: At the door, Merlin and Jumpy enter, wandering through th slots. Rudy sees them.
50) 25) text: Rudy winces, glancing to see Merlin and Jumpy watching hi Frowns on their faces.
50) 48) text: He hustles for the bathroom. A moment later, Jumpy storms by. Stops at Ashley.
50) 49) dialog: What happened?
54) 0) text: As the College Kid, in Rudy's black getup, strides out of the bathroom hall, walking for the casino exit. From the slots, Ashley and Jumpy glance up, seeing him go From their vantage, it looks like Rudy. They frown. As they're watching the Kid hit the door, Rudy darts out the hall, heads the other way.
56) 0) text: Merlin stumbles out of the bathroom, holding his throat.  Catches Jumpy and Ashley's eyes from the slots:
56) 1) dialog: Trouble.
59) 0) text: Merlin and Jumpy stride out to join Gabriel and Pug. Ashl follows, stumbling to keep up.
60) 2) text: Rudy turns back to see Merlin, Jumpy and Pug round into v back at the parking lot. They see him. And charge into the snowfield. Rudy breaks into the trees.
62) 0) text: Rudy darts among barren oaks and brush pines, crunching d into snowdrifts, slowing him down. Stumbling forward,  shivering, breath frosting -- -- as Merlin, Jumpy and Pug reach the treeline. Gaining b struggling too. With guns held. Rudy keeps battling through the drifts -- -- as GUNSHOTS start to ring out. Rudy glances back to re the truckers are a hundred yards distant. But as he turns struggle on, treebark SPLITS apart beside him. Rudy keeps running.
64) 0) text: Merlin, Jumpy and Pug keep up their steady march. Rudy's  running figure now only fifty yards distant.
65) 2) text: -- as Ashley grabs Gabriel's steering wheel, swerving the other way. Gabriel fights her for control -- -- as the Nova just misses Rudy, who dives off the road,  hits the slope and tumbles head-over-heels toward its bot a hundred feet down, kicking up geysers of snow! On the road, the Nova skids to a stop. Ashley and Gabriel leap out, as Merlin, Jumpy and Pug reach the road.
65) 11) text: -- and hauls her to her feet. Ashley beams. As Gabriel ho the two of them scramble away from the woods, Rudy with t rifle, toward the meadow and its frozen pond. More GUNSHOTS ring as Merlin, Jumpy and Pug slide their w down the ravine.
69) 0) text: Gabriel is hurling darts again, focused, expressionless.  Bullseye. Merlin and Jumpy haul Rudy in. He collapses at Gabriel's  feet, unable to stand. Still trembling. A couple KIDS scamper into the doorway --
70) 0) text: Rudy gets hurled inside by Merlin and Jumpy. He hits the  floor beside the bed, where Ashley sits prisoner. Pug sit guard, watching "How The Grinch Stole Christmas" on TV.
70) 2) text: She falls to his side. Merlin cuffs Rudy's ankle again to the bedframe. He and Jumpy head out --
73) 11) text: Behind them, Gabriel and Jumpy file into the biergarten,  leading Rudy and Ashley to the booth. Meeting commenced. Rudy, battered and freezer-burnt, gets shoved in first.  Gabriel throws down the casino map:
73) 28) dialog: What about the Powwow Safe?
73) 30) dialog: The Powwow Safe. The secret safe.   You said the manager's got a safe in  his office where he hides skim money.
80) 4) text: -- and Rudy dives to the stairwell, out of sight just as  Merlin and Jumpy stride back inside.
80) 5) dialog: With his girlfriend. Making up for  "Nick" time. I'm going down to the  bar, you want something?
80) 7) text: They separate, Jumpy down the hall, Merlin to the stairs
81) 0) text: Merlin trudges upward, while Rudy steps from hiding one f down. Checks the hall for Jumpy, then races out --
99) 0) text: The three truckers stride to the Nova, where Jumpy guards Rudy and Ashley. In the b.g., the Ice Fishermen are by th car, wondering how the hell it switched parking spaces  overnight. Gabriel marches straight to Rudy and SLUGS him in the gut Rudy hits the snow --
99) 6) text: Gabriel tosses the water pistol onto Rudy's chest. Jumpy Pug haul him up. With venom:
101) 0) text: Gabriel hands copies of Rudy's sketched map to Merlin and Jumpy. Rudy and Ashley are in the sleeper.
103) 5) dialog: Cheeseburger 'n bacon's mine --
107) 0) text: The Nova pulls into the lot and parks. Merlin, Pug and As inside. On the road, the Motor City Monster slows to an i stop. In the cab, Gabriel turns to Rudy and Jumpy:
107) 2) text: Rudy gives Gabriel a withering look. He and Jumpy climb o Gabriel's rig rumbles up the road. [NOTE: All five men, save Ashley, from now till story's e are in their Santa Claus suits.]
107) 6) dialog: Nick. It's true that Indian gaming's  gone a long way toward restoring  wealth and pride to communities who've  been economically isolated and  enslaved for centuries. Stronger  infrastructure, better schools, higher  employment... they're all the results  of reservation casino success stories.  Still, many natives believe that  these are temples to a godless  materialism and greed that will only  infect the souls of indigenous peoples  until their love of money has  destroyed the spiritual values their  ancestors died to protect and their  homelands have become no different  from any United States suburb,  satellite city or industrial park.   Destroying the Indian legacy once  and for all and leaving behind a  nation of selfish, angry natives, of  which I, it's true, am one --
108) 2) text: Rudy spreads his Santa arms wide and whoops. Jumpy laughs with him, steadying his balance. Drunken and slurred:
108) 7) dialog: (shakes his hand) Hi, Santa Claus, how are you. He's  with Sears, I'm with Wal-Mart, twas  the season...
108) 9) text: Rudy grabs a wad of bills from his pocket, drops some to floor. Jumpy retrieves them --
108) 10) dialog: ...bunch of us got together for the  union party. Hey, how late are you  open?
108) 17) dialog: Blackjack. Got a buddy from  Woolworth's out parking the sleigh.
108) 20) text: He steps aside and indicates the tables. Jumpy claps him the back, pushes Rudy on through the slots.
111) 0) text: Rudy and Jumpy sit at a blackjack table, beside the Old T Jovial ad libs as the Waitress brings Rudy's beer. Rudy  doubles down, busts, and gets belligerent: RUDY (to the Old Timer)
111) 9) dialog: Woolworth's!
111) 11) dialog: Saved you a seat, man. Get in on a  hand here!
113) 0) text: Jumpy has left the table, sidling to a change booth, glan at his watch. Passes a $100 bill:
113) 1) dialog: Could Fat-Man-With-Flying-Horse get  some quarters, please?
117) 0) text: Where the RIFLE sounds, just as Jumpy grips his bucket of quarters at the cashier's cage and wheels -- -- throwing a fragmentation grenade's worth of quarters a the two Cashiers! Bits Of metal flying between the bars.  They SCREAM, stepping backwards in defense -- -- and Jumpy whips a sawed-off shotgun from his coat --
117) 1) dialog: Step BACK from the desks!
122) 0) text: -- while Merlin dives out of the cage, joining Jumpy, tak cover as the Count Men FIRE AWAY -- -- as Rudy scrambles back from the bar --
122) 2) text: Merlin and Jumpy leap up, GUNS BLAZING, firing through th cage bars at the Count Men. Killing all three just as --
122) 5) text: Merlin and Jumpy are caught. Trade a look. And let their  weapons fall, turning just as --
123) 0) text: Jumpy, Merlin, Ashley and Rudy step inside the Count Room There are stacks and stacks of bills. Ashley smiles wide, throws Jumpy three laundry sacks.
124) 2) dialog: What the hell is with this place?   Thought the video room was back there --
124) 3) text: Merlin and Jumpy lead Rudy in. Ashley follows. They carry bulging money sacks. Gabriel stares Rudy down.
124) 30) text: Ashley CHARGES him. Gabriel stops her; Merlin and Jumpy h hold her back. Gabriel spins on Rudy with his rifle:
124) 46) text: BULLETS as he turns back to the room -- -- sending Gabriel, Ashley, and Merlin diving for the flo Jumpy can't get down, as BULLETS riddle him dead -- -- and BLOW OUT the smoked windows overlooking the casino Jack Bangs keeps turning in a madman's circle -- -- BLOWING OUT the windows to the parking lot, shattering the liquor, sending Rudy scrambling under his desk --
130) 0) text: The same four shots that opened the film. The Santa on th floor of the cage (Pug), the Santa on the hood of the car (Merlin), the Santa in the hallway (Jumpy). And the Santa lying face-down on the snowy road. Gabriel.