27) 2) dialog: Hi, Nick.
27) 3) text: Rudy drops the shopping bags, whirls around, as a stocky  black shadow, MERLIN, all 280 pounds of him, KICKS the do shut --
27) 5) text: -- and SWINGS a baseball bat toward Rudy's chest. Rudy ge an arm down to deflect the blow, but it still stings like mother. Rudy HOWLS. Merlin comes at him again -- -- and this time Rudy slips by. Merlin's bat SHATTERS a  dresser. Rudy grabs him by the neck, kicks out his knees and wrest him to the ground. Grabs the bat -- -- and gets DECKED from behind by another shadow, PUG, a  little white guy with a snarl. They go CRASHING onto the  bed, grappling for leverage, and then to the floor -- -- where Rudy grabs a champagne bottle from the groceries and BASHES it backwards, shattering it over Pug's head! Pug lets go, as Rudy scrambles up, and Merlin's got him a in a bear hug. Rudy's struggling, whirling with him, cras into one wall, then another, YELLING for help --
27) 9) text: Another lamp comes on. Rudy, still in Merlin's choke-hold gets a look at the gunman, GABRIEL. Weathered face, strin hair, early 30's. Handsome in a scuzzy way. He's seen a l of road. Rudy stares, totally thrown. Pug, the little guy, bad tee bad hair, bad skin, gets up spitting blood and champagne.
27) 11) text: -- and slugs Rudy in the gut. Merlin yanks him back up.  Merlin's a black widebody, wears a goatee and brass knuck Behind Merlin stands a fourth intruder, a stone-faced Ind in a Grateful Dead longsleeve. JUMPY. Guarding the door. Gabriel's studying Rudy, up and down. Nods. Merlin relaxe his choke-hold so Rudy can breathe.
27) 20) text: Merlin traps his jaw shut. The tree comes squeezing throu followed by Ashley, face in branches --
27) 25) text: Rudy fights to help her, but Merlin's got him. Pug locks  Ashley's arms. She fights, muffled cries, but Jumpy and P have her held firmly. Her face to the wall --
27) 36) text: Gabriel raises the sawed-off to Rudy's chest. Rudy flinch but Merlin's got him.
27) 79) text: Gabriel KICKS Rudy in the jaw. Ashley screams. Gabriel mo to his boys: Jumpy and Pug drag her outside. Gabriel KICK Rudy again. Rudy lies there and takes it. Merlin lights a cig, examines Rudy and Ashley's grocery b
27) 80) dialog: Hey. They got a shitload of cookies.
27) 82) dialog: How 'bout the tree? You want the  tree?
27) 84) text: Merlin nods, tucks the bags under his arms, leaves the ro Gabriel drops beside Rudy, with a sick smile:
29) 0) text: Gabriel at the wheel, Merlin smoking, Jumpy eating cookie A TRUCK passes; Gabriel waves. A moment later, the CB  crackles:
31) 0) text: The rig all alone at a snowy rest area. Gabriel, Merlin a Jumpy climb inside as silhouette sentries. Gabriel survey then lifts a piece of paper:
31) 10) text: Merlin and Jumpy grab Rudy and THROW him from the truck. HITS the snowy parking lot on his side, hands bound.
31) 13) text: Merlin and Jumpy drop to the snow, picking Rudy up.
31) 19) text: She charges at her brother. Gabriel grabs her, spins her  into control and PUNCHES her in the jaw. She goes flying of the truck. HITS the ground hard. In shock. Merlin and Jumpy march Rudy across the lot. A stand of da and snowy woods ahead...
31) 20) dialog: Beats prison, I guess.
31) 24) text: At the woods' edge, Jumpy gives the gun to Merlin --
31) 28) text: Merlin and Jumpy stop. Ashley stops screaming. Gabriel tu
31) 34) text: Merlin and Jumpy march Rudy back. Still on the ground:
31) 45) text: Merlin and Jumpy wrench Rudy backward. Ashley reaches out him, starts to speak. He looks right through her. She goe silent, casts her eyes to the snow.
31) 47) text: Everyone looks to the truck. Weasel-faced Pug has sidled  next to Gabriel. Spits some chaw. It hits Merlin's boots. Merlin growls.
31) 79) dialog: You want that for here or to go?
34) 0) text: A COUPLE leaves the booth behind Gabriel's crew. Pug and  Merlin reach over, steal their leftovers and dig in. Ashl fidgets. Jumpy regards the garlands painted on the windows beside:
35) 0) text: Rudy crouches behind the door, a piece of iron pipe in hi grip, ready to strike. Listening... listening... AS the door SLAMS open, swinging fast and BASHING him in head. Rudy tags the floor, drops the pipe, knocked out. Merlin and Pug gaze down on him, shaking their heads. Pug spits tobacco. Hits Merlin's boots again.
36) 2) dialog: And where they hide the real money.
36) 3) text: Merlin exhales some smoke in Pug's face. Pug hacks, shove him.
36) 9) dialog: Start talking, Nick.
36) 21) dialog: Buffet. Whaddya think it is?
41) 6) text: Gabriel tosses him a TV remote. Merlin rips the room's ph out of the wall, takes it. They return to the hallway.
43) 0) text: Rudy is brusquely dragged out by Jumpy and Merlin, passin Ashley, who lies asleep in the hall, head on a pillow.
43) 1) dialog: Having romance problems, Romeo?
44) 0) text: A wood-panelled room adjacent to a small indoor pool, wit arcade games and a dart board. Gabriel's with Pug, tossin darts, as Jumpy and a chain-smoking Merlin haul Rudy in.
44) 2) dialog: There anytime you don't got a mouthful  of shit?
44) 4) dialog: Acid-chewer.
44) 10) text: Merlin and Jumpy shove Rudy toward the merchandise. Gabri slams another dart into the board, then turns:
46) 0) text: Rudy's in "disguise": paste-on goatee, tinted shades and  black cowboy gear. Very Nashville Network. He's wedged between Jumpy and Merlin, wearing handcuffs.  Gabriel, Ashley and Pug in the back.
47) 0) text: Rudy stamps feet, shivering in the cold, as Merlin unlock his cuffs. Gabriel reaches to help Ashley out --
47) 9) text: Gabriel glares, turns to his crew. Mutters, rubs his fing together. Merlin, Pug and Jumpy reach for their wallets,  grumbling. Gabriel takes a few twenties from each. Rudy nods thanks as Gabriel hands him the cash --
47) 16) dialog: (grumbles) Who's robbin' who here, Gabriel...
50) 6) text: At the door, Merlin and Jumpy enter, wandering through th slots. Rudy sees them.
50) 25) text: Rudy winces, glancing to see Merlin and Jumpy watching hi Frowns on their faces.
50) 39) dialog: What the hell was that about --
50) 41) text: Merlin eyes him darkly, but lets him walk on into the slo As he nears Ashley, he glances to the blackjack table, wh the College Kid has left... heading for the bathroom --
52) 0) text: Merlin's at a slot machine, watching the hall to the  bathrooms. A WAITRESS arrives, hands him a beer:
52) 1) dialog: Thanks, sister. How are ya.
52) 3) dialog: Hell yeah. You work here long?
52) 5) dialog: How long ago was your makeover?
52) 7) dialog: No, the place. The remodeling. moving  everything around.
52) 10) text: Merlin stares at her. Then drops his drink to the floor,  charging for the bathroom.
53) 0) text: As Merlin crashes in, seeing the cowboy hat and jacket, b turned, adjusting a belt. As the figure turns around. It's the College Kid. Merlin stops in his tracks -- -- as Rudy CRASHES into him from a stall, kicking his leg out, driving his throat into a countertop. Merlin hits th ground, gagging. Rudy wears the kid's sweatshirt:
56) 0) text: Merlin stumbles out of the bathroom, holding his throat.  Catches Jumpy and Ashley's eyes from the slots:
59) 0) text: Merlin and Jumpy stride out to join Gabriel and Pug. Ashl follows, stumbling to keep up.
59) 2) dialog: Monster. There never was a structure  change. This place was built the  same from day one.
59) 4) dialog: And Monster... he was talking with  the casino manager. Nick was talking  to him.
60) 2) text: Rudy turns back to see Merlin, Jumpy and Pug round into v back at the parking lot. They see him. And charge into the snowfield. Rudy breaks into the trees.
62) 0) text: Rudy darts among barren oaks and brush pines, crunching d into snowdrifts, slowing him down. Stumbling forward,  shivering, breath frosting -- -- as Merlin, Jumpy and Pug reach the treeline. Gaining b struggling too. With guns held. Rudy keeps battling through the drifts -- -- as GUNSHOTS start to ring out. Rudy glances back to re the truckers are a hundred yards distant. But as he turns struggle on, treebark SPLITS apart beside him. Rudy keeps running.
64) 0) text: Merlin, Jumpy and Pug keep up their steady march. Rudy's  running figure now only fifty yards distant.
64) 1) dialog: You keep running, Nick! Keep running  now! Can't keep warm if you don't  keep running! We'll just be right  back here... keeping track of your  trail.
64) 2) text: ANGLE to show Merlin's striding right in Rudy's bootprint Pug FIRES off two shots. They KICK UP snow just behind Rudy, struggling, panting..
64) 3) dialog: Wherever you run... we'll get there.  Fast as you want... we'll be there.   We drive for a living, Nick. Twelve,  fifteen, twenty-hour days.
64) 5) dialog: We got nothing but time.
65) 2) text: -- as Ashley grabs Gabriel's steering wheel, swerving the other way. Gabriel fights her for control -- -- as the Nova just misses Rudy, who dives off the road,  hits the slope and tumbles head-over-heels toward its bot a hundred feet down, kicking up geysers of snow! On the road, the Nova skids to a stop. Ashley and Gabriel leap out, as Merlin, Jumpy and Pug reach the road.
65) 11) text: -- and hauls her to her feet. Ashley beams. As Gabriel ho the two of them scramble away from the woods, Rudy with t rifle, toward the meadow and its frozen pond. More GUNSHOTS ring as Merlin, Jumpy and Pug slide their w down the ravine.
69) 0) text: Gabriel is hurling darts again, focused, expressionless.  Bullseye. Merlin and Jumpy haul Rudy in. He collapses at Gabriel's  feet, unable to stand. Still trembling. A couple KIDS scamper into the doorway --
69) 1) dialog: Game room's closed.
69) 2) text: -- and Merlin slams the door in their face. Gabriel hurls another bullseye, then retrieves his darts from the board
70) 0) text: Rudy gets hurled inside by Merlin and Jumpy. He hits the  floor beside the bed, where Ashley sits prisoner. Pug sit guard, watching "How The Grinch Stole Christmas" on TV.
70) 2) text: She falls to his side. Merlin cuffs Rudy's ankle again to the bedframe. He and Jumpy head out --
70) 3) dialog: Pug.
70) 5) dialog: PUG!
73) 0) text: A medieval-themed biergarten. A happy FAMILY of five sits a booth, singing along to "Good King Wencelas." In the booth beside, Merlin and Pug are holding court.  Merlin's puffing smoke rings. Pug watches dully, chewing:
73) 2) dialog: That right? Shit. I used to run rigs  for a guy loved your chaw there.  Shit rotted out his tongue, had to  build him one outta silicon so the  poor boy could talk. You ever see a  motherfucker with a silicon fucking  tongue?
73) 5) text: The Happy Family trade discomfited looks. Merlin shrugs,  takes another drag.
73) 6) dialog: This trucker? Met a girl in a bar  one night, she didn't know his  situation. He's drunk, she's drunk,  they get to mackin' hot and heavy  and the woman swallows it. His tongue.  Sucks it right down.
73) 8) dialog: His lips went next. You ever see  some silicon-fucking-lips?
73) 9) text: The Happy Family flees their booth. Pug and Merlin glance over. And grab their leftovers. Rifling the grub:
73) 10) dialog: (with disgust) Vegetarians...
73) 17) dialog: How do we take them out?
73) 19) dialog: How do we do that?
73) 26) dialog: What about the money?
74) 1) text: As Gabriel lifts a Santa Claus suit and presses it agains Rudy. Ashley, Merlin, Jungy and Pug look on.
74) 7) text: He turns to see Merlin open another locker. This one stac with rifles, carbines and handguns.
74) 8) dialog: Hell yeah.
80) 3) dialog: Where the hell's Gabriel?
80) 4) text: -- and Rudy dives to the stairwell, out of sight just as  Merlin and Jumpy stride back inside.
80) 6) dialog: Get me a brew. I'm gonna check on  our convict.
80) 7) text: They separate, Jumpy down the hall, Merlin to the stairs
81) 0) text: Merlin trudges upward, while Rudy steps from hiding one f down. Checks the hall for Jumpy, then races out --
83) 0) text: Merlin reaches the second floor, steps into the hall.
85) 0) text: Merlin ambles the corridor. Approaching Rudy's room.
87) 0) text: Merlin reaches Rudy's door. Searches his pockets for the  key.
89) 0) text: Merlin finds a room key. Puts it in the lock. Turns the h but the door won't open. Merlin checks the key.
89) 1) dialog: My room.
91) 0) text: Merlin searches his pockets again, finds the right key.
94) 0) text: The key in the lock, Merlin hears the crash --
95) 0) text: -- and as Merlin opens the door, he finds Rudy sitting ca on the floor, ankle-cuff locked once again to the bedfram Spreading a deck of cards out before him. Starting a game of solitaire. He looks up.
95) 2) text: Merlin frowns, takes a suspicious look around the room. T window's open. Rudy continues his card game. Merlin watches him for a long time. Then pulls the door s Once he's gone, Rudy collapses to the floor. Breathing ha heart pounding. The cards go flying.
96) 0) text: The LIGHTS go out. Rudy creeps back to the window, checks outside... and stops still. In parking lot... ...a cigarette glow burns inside the Nova. From the drive seat. It's Merlin. Now watching. Rudy steps back into the shadows. Closing window and watc the falling snow. Caged again, after all.
101) 0) text: Gabriel hands copies of Rudy's sketched map to Merlin and Jumpy. Rudy and Ashley are in the sleeper.
103) 6) dialog: I got a bacon too; there another  bacon in there?
103) 8) dialog: Somebody better give me something  with some goddamn bacon --
107) 0) text: The Nova pulls into the lot and parks. Merlin, Pug and As inside. On the road, the Motor City Monster slows to an i stop. In the cab, Gabriel turns to Rudy and Jumpy:
110) 0) text: Ashley sits between Merlin and Pug. Gabriel jogs by the c Ashley checks her watch:
112) 0) text: Ashley's eyes on her watch. Nods to Merlin and Pug:
114) 0) text: Merlin and Pug march toward the entrance, hands in pocket
115) 0) text: The Security Boss returns upstairs, beside Jack Bangs, wh watching the video monitors. On one screen, a parking lot cam shows Merlin and Pug approaching:
117) 3) dialog: CHARGES through the casino entrance, shotgun held --
117) 4) dialog: DROP 'EM! DROP, DROP, DROP!!!
117) 6) text: But the guards don't. Whirling on Merlin -- -- who OPENS FIRE, BLASTING two of the guards off their f Rudy stays on the ground, covering his head, holding the  petrified Old Timer down -- -- as the other three guards FIRE back, forcing Merlin to race behind the slots. BULLETS rip into slot machines -- -- as GUNSHOTS ring out from the casino restaurant. Two o the Guards spin to look behind them as -- -- PUG storms in, contorted glee, twin pistols BLAZING,  popping a steel flurry into an outgunned Guard. Merlin spins from hiding behind the slots. He and Pug bot OPEN FIRE, blowing away the two remaining men from both s One of the guards falls in front of Rudy, gun in hand -- -- but as Rudy-reaches for the guy's pistol --
117) 7) dialog: Hold it right there, Nick. Your squirt  gun's all you need.
117) 8) text: Merlin steps to him, gun aimed. He and Pug collect the Gu weapons.
117) 9) dialog: Cover 'em.
120) 8) text: Pug bangs the guy's head off the floor, stalks to the Cou Room door. Just a key lock. Pug BLOWS it away with his gu kicks the door open -- -- and gets SHOT TO HELL by three COUNT MEN inside, pisto blazing! Pug puppets, dead. A wad of chaw hits the ceilin Stunned Merlin FIRES BACK.
122) 0) text: -- while Merlin dives out of the cage, joining Jumpy, tak cover as the Count Men FIRE AWAY -- -- as Rudy scrambles back from the bar --
122) 1) dialog: You said no GUNS in there! NO GUNS!
122) 2) text: Merlin and Jumpy leap up, GUNS BLAZING, firing through th cage bars at the Count Men. Killing all three just as --
122) 5) text: Merlin and Jumpy are caught. Trade a look. And let their  weapons fall, turning just as --
123) 0) text: Jumpy, Merlin, Ashley and Rudy step inside the Count Room There are stacks and stacks of bills. Ashley smiles wide, throws Jumpy three laundry sacks.
123) 2) text: Merlin, meanwhile, slams Rudy against the wall:
123) 3) dialog: You knew there were guns in here!
123) 5) dialog: You got Pug killed! You tried to get  ME killed! You just lost your Get- Outta-Jail-Free --
123) 7) text: As Merlin puts a gun to Rudyls head --
123) 9) text: Merlin stares daggers at Rudy. Shoves the gun away.
124) 3) text: Merlin and Jumpy lead Rudy in. Ashley follows. They carry bulging money sacks. Gabriel stares Rudy down.
124) 30) text: Ashley CHARGES him. Gabriel stops her; Merlin and Jumpy h hold her back. Gabriel spins on Rudy with his rifle:
124) 46) text: BULLETS as he turns back to the room -- -- sending Gabriel, Ashley, and Merlin diving for the flo Jumpy can't get down, as BULLETS riddle him dead -- -- and BLOW OUT the smoked windows overlooking the casino Jack Bangs keeps turning in a madman's circle -- -- BLOWING OUT the windows to the parking lot, shattering the liquor, sending Rudy scrambling under his desk --
124) 52) dialog: Hell. I'm gonna take pleasure in  this...
124) 53) text: With the gun on Rudy, Merlin finds a cigarette in his poc Pops it between his lips, raises a lighter's flame -- -- and hesitates. Sniffing the air. Looking down. At the stain on his shirt. His lighter still lit --
124) 55) text: -- and Rudy fires the water pistol again, this time catch Merlin's lighter, which turns the stream into a ARC OF FI He's filled alcohol in the gun! FLAMING LIQUOR shoots into Merlin's face and eyes. He dro the handgun. Rudy keeps squeezing the squirt gun, spreadi the fire down his neck and chest. Merlin howls wildly -- -- and staggers back, blind and helpless, pinwheeling him
130) 0) text: The same four shots that opened the film. The Santa on th floor of the cage (Pug), the Santa on the hood of the car (Merlin), the Santa in the hallway (Jumpy). And the Santa lying face-down on the snowy road. Gabriel.