27) 5) text: -- and SWINGS a baseball bat toward Rudy's chest. Rudy ge an arm down to deflect the blow, but it still stings like mother. Rudy HOWLS. Merlin comes at him again -- -- and this time Rudy slips by. Merlin's bat SHATTERS a  dresser. Rudy grabs him by the neck, kicks out his knees and wrest him to the ground. Grabs the bat -- -- and gets DECKED from behind by another shadow, PUG, a  little white guy with a snarl. They go CRASHING onto the  bed, grappling for leverage, and then to the floor -- -- where Rudy grabs a champagne bottle from the groceries and BASHES it backwards, shattering it over Pug's head! Pug lets go, as Rudy scrambles up, and Merlin's got him a in a bear hug. Rudy's struggling, whirling with him, cras into one wall, then another, YELLING for help --
134) 0) text: At cul-de-sac's end. Where a blackened red cuff KNOCKS. After a moment, the door opens to reveal a smiling MOTHER and FATHER in their sixties. There's a party going on ins a dining table visible beyond them. The Mother and Father's smiles disappear. Shock. Concern.
134) 1) dialog: Rudy...? Rudy?
134) 3) text: The Santa Claus shuffles inside, right past them. The Santa Claus sleepwalks straight for the dining room,  finding a dozen RELATIVES, laughing and eating. A table l with turkey and stuffing, gravy and cranberry, wassail an wine. The relatives stop still. The room goes silent. The Santa Claus sits down at the head of the table. Yes, it's Rudy. Without a word, he stares at the food before him. And tak a plate. He stacks it with meat and dressing and trimming and sets it in front of him. And digs in. Stuffing his face in silence. His Mother and Father return to the dining room, gaping. other relatives look likewise. All staring at Rudy. Then, while he eats, without another sound... ...the Mother takes her seat at the table... ...and the Father pulls up another chair. They touch hands privately, and turn back to their plates There's a CLANK of silverware, a SCRAPE of china, a CLINK glass, and one-by-one, the relatives resume their meals. CONVERSATION picks up where it left off, SMILES return to the table, LAUGHTER slowly rises in the room. There is Mr. Duncan and Mrs. Duncan, Aunt Lisbeth and Unc Ray, Aunt Mary and Uncle Pete, toddler Sasha and teenage  Sam, brother Mike and his girlfriend Jill, sister Stacy a her husband Bill, Grandpa Walter, little Wendy Sue... ...and at the head of the table... Rudy Duncan. Home for Christmas. CUT TO BLACK.