27) 5) text: -- and SWINGS a baseball bat toward Rudy's chest. Rudy ge an arm down to deflect the blow, but it still stings like mother. Rudy HOWLS. Merlin comes at him again -- -- and this time Rudy slips by. Merlin's bat SHATTERS a  dresser. Rudy grabs him by the neck, kicks out his knees and wrest him to the ground. Grabs the bat -- -- and gets DECKED from behind by another shadow, PUG, a  little white guy with a snarl. They go CRASHING onto the  bed, grappling for leverage, and then to the floor -- -- where Rudy grabs a champagne bottle from the groceries and BASHES it backwards, shattering it over Pug's head! Pug lets go, as Rudy scrambles up, and Merlin's got him a in a bear hug. Rudy's struggling, whirling with him, cras into one wall, then another, YELLING for help --
27) 9) text: Another lamp comes on. Rudy, still in Merlin's choke-hold gets a look at the gunman, GABRIEL. Weathered face, strin hair, early 30's. Handsome in a scuzzy way. He's seen a l of road. Rudy stares, totally thrown. Pug, the little guy, bad tee bad hair, bad skin, gets up spitting blood and champagne.
27) 10) dialog: I owe ya a drink, ya fuck --
27) 25) text: Rudy fights to help her, but Merlin's got him. Pug locks  Ashley's arms. She fights, muffled cries, but Jumpy and P have her held firmly. Her face to the wall --
27) 79) text: Gabriel KICKS Rudy in the jaw. Ashley screams. Gabriel mo to his boys: Jumpy and Pug drag her outside. Gabriel KICK Rudy again. Rudy lies there and takes it. Merlin lights a cig, examines Rudy and Ashley's grocery b
30) 10) text: From the corner, Pug spits some chaw. Ashley wheels.
30) 12) text: Pug doesn't even look up. Still stroking Rudy's face:
30) 30) dialog: Watch your mouth, man. It's Christmas.
30) 35) text: Rudy stops fighting. She has a terrified look in her eye. Checks to Pug: he's watching them now, chewing slower. As turns them away from the little guy's view
30) 47) text: Ashley stares, panicked. Pug's still watching them.
31) 46) dialog: He's not the guy, Monster.
31) 47) text: Everyone looks to the truck. Weasel-faced Pug has sidled  next to Gabriel. Spits some chaw. It hits Merlin's boots. Merlin growls.
31) 48) dialog: Whole time you were driving, he was  telling her he's not the guy, he's  not the guy. I know why he'd tell us  he's not the guy. why's he telling  her he's not the guy? What if he's  not the guy?
34) 0) text: A COUPLE leaves the booth behind Gabriel's crew. Pug and  Merlin reach over, steal their leftovers and dig in. Ashl fidgets. Jumpy regards the garlands painted on the windows beside:
35) 0) text: Rudy crouches behind the door, a piece of iron pipe in hi grip, ready to strike. Listening... listening... AS the door SLAMS open, swinging fast and BASHING him in head. Rudy tags the floor, drops the pipe, knocked out. Merlin and Pug gaze down on him, shaking their heads. Pug spits tobacco. Hits Merlin's boots again.
36) 3) text: Merlin exhales some smoke in Pug's face. Pug hacks, shove him.
36) 11) dialog: Start talkin
36) 19) dialog: That's what it looks like!
36) 27) dialog: Map is kinda dirty, Monster...
36) 42) dialog: So what?
44) 0) text: A wood-panelled room adjacent to a small indoor pool, wit arcade games and a dart board. Gabriel's with Pug, tossin darts, as Jumpy and a chain-smoking Merlin haul Rudy in.
44) 1) dialog: Goddamn, Merlin. There any part of  the day you don't smoke?
44) 3) dialog: Cancer-sucker.
44) 7) text: Pug empties a shopping bag on a pinball machine. Cowboy b spurs, a black cowboy hat, a black rhinestone jacket and longhaired wig tumbles out.
46) 0) text: Rudy's in "disguise": paste-on goatee, tinted shades and  black cowboy gear. Very Nashville Network. He's wedged between Jumpy and Merlin, wearing handcuffs.  Gabriel, Ashley and Pug in the back.
47) 9) text: Gabriel glares, turns to his crew. Mutters, rubs his fing together. Merlin, Pug and Jumpy reach for their wallets,  grumbling. Gabriel takes a few twenties from each. Rudy nods thanks as Gabriel hands him the cash --
55) 0) text: Gabriel and Pug sit sentry, seeing the cowboy figure leav the casino. wandering into-the parking lot... away from t
55) 2) dialog: Where the hell's your sister?
55) 5) text: Pug REVS the engine, speeds through the lot, cutting off Trans Am from backing away. Gabriel jumps out, HAULS the cowboy from his car and sees it's the College Kid. Rudy's gone.
59) 0) text: Merlin and Jumpy stride out to join Gabriel and Pug. Ashl follows, stumbling to keep up.
59) 3) dialog: That motherfucker --
60) 2) text: Rudy turns back to see Merlin, Jumpy and Pug round into v back at the parking lot. They see him. And charge into the snowfield. Rudy breaks into the trees.
62) 0) text: Rudy darts among barren oaks and brush pines, crunching d into snowdrifts, slowing him down. Stumbling forward,  shivering, breath frosting -- -- as Merlin, Jumpy and Pug reach the treeline. Gaining b struggling too. With guns held. Rudy keeps battling through the drifts -- -- as GUNSHOTS start to ring out. Rudy glances back to re the truckers are a hundred yards distant. But as he turns struggle on, treebark SPLITS apart beside him. Rudy keeps running.
64) 0) text: Merlin, Jumpy and Pug keep up their steady march. Rudy's  running figure now only fifty yards distant.
64) 2) text: ANGLE to show Merlin's striding right in Rudy's bootprint Pug FIRES off two shots. They KICK UP snow just behind Rudy, struggling, panting..
65) 2) text: -- as Ashley grabs Gabriel's steering wheel, swerving the other way. Gabriel fights her for control -- -- as the Nova just misses Rudy, who dives off the road,  hits the slope and tumbles head-over-heels toward its bot a hundred feet down, kicking up geysers of snow! On the road, the Nova skids to a stop. Ashley and Gabriel leap out, as Merlin, Jumpy and Pug reach the road.
65) 11) text: -- and hauls her to her feet. Ashley beams. As Gabriel ho the two of them scramble away from the woods, Rudy with t rifle, toward the meadow and its frozen pond. More GUNSHOTS ring as Merlin, Jumpy and Pug slide their w down the ravine.
70) 0) text: Rudy gets hurled inside by Merlin and Jumpy. He hits the  floor beside the bed, where Ashley sits prisoner. Pug sit guard, watching "How The Grinch Stole Christmas" on TV.
70) 4) text: Pug's engrossed in the cartoon. They're singing in Whovil
70) 6) text: Pug snaps to. Shuts off the TV, spits some chaw on the fl and gone. Rudy and Ashley are left alone.
73) 0) text: A medieval-themed biergarten. A happy FAMILY of five sits a booth, singing along to "Good King Wencelas." In the booth beside, Merlin and Pug are holding court.  Merlin's puffing smoke rings. Pug watches dully, chewing:
73) 1) dialog: Knew a guy in Joliet, smoked ten  packs a day like you. His lungs got  so black they couldn't find 'em with  an x-ray.
73) 3) text: The Happy Family stops singing. Pug considers, spits a wa
73) 4) dialog: Hell. The guy from Joliet, those  black-ass lungs were the least of  his problems. Got so much smoke in  him his lungs couldn't even hold it.  Got into his system, man. Into his  blood. Coming out his ears, man,  coming out his eyes. Guy'd be walking  the row, smoke'd be puffing out his  skin.
73) 7) dialog: My guy would walk into a room, set  off the goddamn sprinklers.
73) 9) text: The Happy Family flees their booth. Pug and Merlin glance over. And grab their leftovers. Rifling the grub:
73) 24) dialog: Without having them hit the alarms.
74) 1) text: As Gabriel lifts a Santa Claus suit and presses it agains Rudy. Ashley, Merlin, Jungy and Pug look on.
99) 6) text: Gabriel tosses the water pistol onto Rudy's chest. Jumpy Pug haul him up. With venom:
100) 0) text: The Motor City Monster cruises the snowy landscape, with  Lake Superior beyond. Pug drives the Nova in convoy.
103) 3) text: The Nova drives into the lot. Pug gets out, carrying seve fast-food bags. Hurrying to stay warm:
103) 4) dialog: Okay, who had the cheeseburger with  bacon; what about a roast beef, I've  got two roast beefs here --
103) 7) dialog: I got a bacon for him and a bacon  for me; there's four cheeseburgers  and two roast beefs --
107) 0) text: The Nova pulls into the lot and parks. Merlin, Pug and As inside. On the road, the Motor City Monster slows to an i stop. In the cab, Gabriel turns to Rudy and Jumpy:
110) 0) text: Ashley sits between Merlin and Pug. Gabriel jogs by the c Ashley checks her watch:
112) 0) text: Ashley's eyes on her watch. Nods to Merlin and Pug:
114) 0) text: Merlin and Pug march toward the entrance, hands in pocket
115) 0) text: The Security Boss returns upstairs, beside Jack Bangs, wh watching the video monitors. On one screen, a parking lot cam shows Merlin and Pug approaching:
117) 6) text: But the guards don't. Whirling on Merlin -- -- who OPENS FIRE, BLASTING two of the guards off their f Rudy stays on the ground, covering his head, holding the  petrified Old Timer down -- -- as the other three guards FIRE back, forcing Merlin to race behind the slots. BULLETS rip into slot machines -- -- as GUNSHOTS ring out from the casino restaurant. Two o the Guards spin to look behind them as -- -- PUG storms in, contorted glee, twin pistols BLAZING,  popping a steel flurry into an outgunned Guard. Merlin spins from hiding behind the slots. He and Pug bot OPEN FIRE, blowing away the two remaining men from both s One of the guards falls in front of Rudy, gun in hand -- -- but as Rudy-reaches for the guy's pistol --
117) 8) text: Merlin steps to him, gun aimed. He and Pug collect the Gu weapons.
120) 4) dialog: What's the security code to the Count  Room?
120) 6) dialog: NICK SAID SECURITY CODE!
120) 8) text: Pug bangs the guy's head off the floor, stalks to the Cou Room door. Just a key lock. Pug BLOWS it away with his gu kicks the door open -- -- and gets SHOT TO HELL by three COUNT MEN inside, pisto blazing! Pug puppets, dead. A wad of chaw hits the ceilin Stunned Merlin FIRES BACK.
130) 0) text: The same four shots that opened the film. The Santa on th floor of the cage (Pug), the Santa on the hood of the car (Merlin), the Santa in the hallway (Jumpy). And the Santa lying face-down on the snowy road. Gabriel.