14) 2) dialog: Urbane, sophisticated. Cruel.
14) 4) dialog: I'm not sure time is something we've got in great supply.
14) 6) dialog: Boss, most of Washington might disagree. I'm just saying, they've been calling for these dang situation reports every morning this week.
38) 2) dialog: Think he's reliable?
49) 2) dialog: He's certain? Garrison looks at the overhead images.
60) 2) dialog: All QRF out of the airspace.
118) 2) dialog: Say again, over?
126) 2) dialog: General Harrell, ETA to base, Strueker's column?
169) 0) text: Cribbs points to the map of Mogadishu. A big X represents Wolcott's crash, another, further away, Durant's crash.
169) 1) dialog: Ground forces have occupied several buildings along Marehan Road -- they re all spread out. Eversmann's Chalk Four has set up a perimeter around Wolcott's crash site, here. (marks a spot) Id Tomasso is in the adjacent structure. (marks a more distant spot) Captain Steele and about forty men of Rangers are here, a couple blocks away. They're banged up pretty bad. He's set up a casualty collection oint. I, don't think they're gonna e able to move. Sergeant Sanderson and a small Delta team are moving from Steele's position to the crash site as we speak. 187 188 79.
188) 0) text: Garrison speaks to Cribbs in the subdued JOC. (CONTINUED)
188) 4) dialog: They still don't know we've gone in.
188) 7) dialog: (Cribbs nods -- sounds good) Roger that, boss. Cribbs leaves the room. INT. DURANT'S BLACK HAWK - CONT. SOUNDS OF a FRANTIC FUSILLADE echoes from the other side the chopper. Shughart's gun roaring. AK-47s firing back. The SOMALIS charge toward Shughart. Fires a quick burst. Somalis fall dead as -- Shughart takes several bullets at close range. SOUNDS of the fusillade on the other side of the chopper continue. Then...the shooting stops. A strange dutty spotping. then hundreds of Somalis swarm from either side of the helicopter. EXT. DURANT'S CRASH SITE - CONT. A SOMALI pops his head around the corner. Durant fires, dropping him. Click! The weapon goes dry as Durant runs o of ammo. (CONTINUED)
202) 4) dialog: Sir, they're still debating the route.
202) 6) dialog: At least a couple of hours.
202) 8) dialog: Pakistani General said since we didn't deem to inform him of the raid, he's gonna take as much time as he wants. (CONTINUED)
202) 12) dialog: Yes sir.
218) 0) text: As the complex logistics of organizing the vehicle Rescue Convoy continues -- McKnight, Struecker, Othic, and a group of Delta Operator arrive in Jeeps; Ali are blood spattered or wounded from ride through hell in the Humvee convoys. Cribbs approaches as they climb out of the jeeps. Even Th who didn't want to go before, is with them.
218) 1) dialog: McKnight! Between the tenth Mountain and U.N., we got enough personnel, okay! Danny, you guys do not have to go back out again. McKnight looks at Cribbs.
218) 2) dialog: All right, come on.
240) 0) text: Cribbs speaks to the Pakistani drivers. (CONTINUED)
240) 3) dialog: Get the pilots' bodies out, then we go to the stadium. Behind Cribbs, soldiers load the many wounded and dead in vehicles. Groaning men are piled onto one another in the cramped APCs. Humvees are packed full. NEAR THE FOUNTAIN: Cribbs walks up to McKnight, Steele, Eversmann, Hoot and SANDERSON.
240) 4) dialog: We're running out of room already.
240) 6) dialog: Okay. Tenth Mountain will provide security for armor, walks us out of the hot zone --
240) 8) dialog: Okay, let's get out of here.