5) 2) text: Durant surveys the scene below, then calmly speaks into h headset.
5) 3) dialog: I got it Matt, I don't think we can touch this. Heavily armed Militiamen train weapons on the populace. O shouts into a megaphone:
5) 5) dialog: Command, Super Six Four we got militia shooting unarmed civilians down at the food distribution center. Request permission to engage.
5) 7) dialog: Negative, Command.
5) 9) dialog: (frustrated) Roger. Six Four returning. Durant continues the chopper away from the village. ON _EVERSMANN - staring down at the carnage-strewn street below. He can't believe it. BELOW - The militia man aims his megaphone at the Black H as though he's firing a gun at it.
16) 7) dialog: Six One, this is Six Four. Go to UHF secure. I've got some bad news.
16) 9) dialog: It is not a word, it's an abbreviation of a word. (CONTINUED)
16) 13) dialog: No! If it is not in the dictionary, it doesn't count.
16) 15) dialog: It does have to be in the dictionary!
16) 17) dialog: Listen, when we get back to the base, it's coming off the board. Durant and Elvis rubber-neck as they pass each other, fly opposite directions.
16) 19) dialog: Yeah, promises.
16) 21) dialog: Yeah, it's nice and warm. It's loaded with sharks.
24) 0) text: The barracks is divided by the arrangement of the cots. Rangers here, Delta there, relaxing over Risk, Stratego, cribbage, cards, Gameboys. Ping-pong games in the corner. Pilots Durant and Wolcott are continuing their Scrabble g PILLA stands before a group of young men as though he's o stage. He imitates Captain Steele, much to the amusement the men. Pilla tries to hide his thick "Joyzee" accent:
62) 0) text: Durant smiles, speaks into his headset.
62) 1) dialog: Fuckin' Irene!
107) 0) text: Durant scans the horizon.
147) 1) dialog: Roger. Six Four's inbound. He banks back toward the city center. Passes over rooftop
148) 0) text: Militants with RPGs fire at Durant's chopper. An RPG missile streaks into Durant's chopper's tail. The Black Hawk rocks violently from the hit. The gauges blink but stay lit. Durant hears in his headset -
149) 1) dialog: This is Super Six Four. We're good.
151) 0) text: Durant and his copilot, Frank, check the gauges again. (CONTINUED)
151) 3) dialog: Instrument panels are okay. No, we're good. Got a slight vibration in the pedals. But we're good.
153) 1) dialog: Roger. Durant banks away from the crash site, heads south toward base, grid of narrow streets and alleys rushing beneath h OUTSIDE, the bent tail rotor is looser and rattling loude
153) 2) dialog: Hey Ray, I'm getting a lot of movement in these pedals. Check the systems.
153) 4) dialog: We lost the tail rudder! Six Four's going down. Six Four going down!
154) 0) text: SILENCE... Garrison watches the Orion plane's grainy imag of Durant's Black Hawk crashing. Eyes locked on the monit MONITOR - Durant's chopper hits the ground, crumpling, tw into the dirt like a whale on the beach, main rotor still chopping at the air like a gasp. After stunned silence in the JOC, Garrison finally speaks (CONTINUED)
162) 0) text: Circling, Goffena and his copilot Yacone can see Durant's downed Black Hawk below. In back, also looking down at it, are Delta snipers Shugh and Gordon. There's a crowd moving toward the crash from several bloc away.
164) 0) text: Still trapped to his seat, Durant sees through the shatte windshield the Black Hawk flying overhead.
169) 0) text: Cribbs points to the map of Mogadishu. A big X represents Wolcott's crash, another, further away, Durant's crash.
171) 0) text: A crowd scatters from the low-flying Black Hawk but then reforms again, heading toward Durant's crashed chopper. Goffena sweeps around to make another pass.
176) 0) text: Visible through the windscreen, Durant looks up at the De snipers in the chopper above and sees Goffena's Black Haw fly off.
180) 0) text: Still strapped to his seat Durant sees the Black Hawk fly overhead. Hears Somali voices, yelling, coming closer. Tries to rea back for his rifle, grunts in agony, back damaged. Can't to it. Sweating, reaching, swearing in pain as -- SOMALI FACES appear in his windscreen, raise their AKs at him. D raises one arm to protect himself as he fires -- the firs Somali gunmen's chest EXPLODES. Gordon and Shughart land. GUNFIRE raging as they charge t the chopper. DURANT - Somalis charge the Black Hawk. Durant fires away He sees Shughart and Gordon rounding the corner, boots slapping earth. Appearing like angels. They fire at the approaching Somalis. Shughart bangs on the Black Hawk.
180) 2) dialog: God, it's good to see!
180) 4) dialog: My leg's broken. My back feels kinda weird. (CONTINUED)
180) 10) dialog: Yeah, I'm good. Shughart puts Durant's MP-5 in his hands.
180) 12) dialog: Hey! Where's the rescue squad?
186) 0) text: Durant is firing his MP-5 at dozens of Somalis. Every tim he fires they disappear behind walls. Shughart scrambles back to Durant, gives him a CAR-15 rifle. The weapon is covered in blood. Gordon's. Shughart touches Durant's shoulder.
200) 0) text: Hoot, Sizemore and the Delta men move almost silently, we NODS through the narrow alleyways. Up ahead they see Durant's downed Black Hawk, figures swa over it, dragging off equipment. Hoot comes charging up, firing over their heads:
203) 0) text: Durant comes to in a room, tying on a paper-thin mattress back propped against the wall. Sees Firimbi, the man from the crash site with the megaphone, stepping forward. He h Durant's dog tags.
203) 2) dialog: Yes.
203) 4) dialog: I'm not a Ranger. I'ma pilot. Firimbi offers Durant a cigarette. Durant shakes his head
203) 6) dialog: What do you want with me?
203) 12) dialog: I'm not in charge.