34) 4) dialog: Don't worry about it. Just watch out for the Sammies throwing the fucking rocks and you'll be fine. Might even e fun. The other guys snicker at this.
82) 0) text: Eversmann, in the middle of it with Blackburn, yells acro to his radio man, Galentine. Waves him over.
82) 2) dialog: Uniform Six Four, this is Uniform Two Five, come in, over. Uniform Six Five, this is Uniform Two Five Two. Schmid moves Blackburn's head -- blood seeping from his n and ears.
82) 3) dialog: I can't get him! Galentine doesn't know why. Something wrong with the radi maybe. Eversmann unholsters his walkie-talkie, and as he shouts into it, he can SEE Delta spilling from the first building out into the street. (CONTINUED)
133) 2) dialog: We'll cover! Eversmann and his team run in to the crash site. They are now in an enormous open area, four roads leading out -- f possible lanes of fire to worry about. Jones and Clarke get the limp Dan Busch into the Little B as Eversmann charges over, shouts:
145) 3) dialog: Both pilots are dead.
145) 5) dialog: Roger ! (CONTINUED)
155) 0) text: Militiamen and Rangers exchange gunfire. Eversmann glance over at Galentine, ghostly white, listening to his radio.
168) 4) dialog: Nelson... Twombly, come in! This is Galentine. Over. Nelson, Twombly, come in, this is Galentine! We need the position of the convoy, over? Galentine shouts in frustration:
168) 5) dialog: I can't raise them, Sergeant! I can't raise them! Eversmann swears under his breath as bullets EXPLODE over his head.
184) 0) text: Galentine throws his radio headset down.
184) 2) dialog: They're sending 'em back. The convoy's headed back to base camp. Some of the other men hear it and look over to Eversmann. What now? What does he suggest now?
197) 15) dialog: I got them in my sights, Sarge. They're coming up on the west gate. I see 'em.
216) 2) dialog: 
216) 4) dialog: This is Chalk Four, we're at the Southeast corner of crash site. Who is this over?
216) 6) dialog: Roger that Kilo One One. Hold your fire! Deltas coming in.
234) 0) text: Kurth, Waddell, and Galentine are covering their position weapons aimed out the doorway and firing into the night.
248) 0) text: The city is bathed in orange light. Eversmann, Hoot, Stee Sanderson, Twombly, Sizemore, Nelson, Yurek, Kurth, Wadde Galentine and Doc Schmid are running down the streets aft the convoy, unable to catch up with the vehicles. They watch helplessly as the convoy disappears down the b Their tired, rubbery legs carry them away from the crash site, into the dense, dangerous streets of surrounding neighborhoods.