19) 2) dialog: (impressed with himself) Single shot through the engine block!
24) 8) dialog: Is that your move?
24) 10) dialog: I mate you in three whatever you do.
24) 12) dialog: Well she's just lying in wait. NEARBY - WEX, the oldest Delta at 42, sketches on a pad. Busch leans over to see: a medieval knight dragging an enormous sword through a dense forest. Beautiful and scar
42) 2) dialog: You're move, Randy.
162) 0) text: Circling, Goffena and his copilot Yacone can see Durant's downed Black Hawk below. In back, also looking down at it, are Delta snipers Shugh and Gordon. There's a crowd moving toward the crash from several bloc away.
175) 0) text: Shughart and Gordon hear over their headsets --
175) 2) dialog: We're asking to go in to set upa perimeter until ground support arrives. INTERCUT to Garrison - (CONTINUED)
175) 8) dialog: Yes, sir.
180) 0) text: Still strapped to his seat Durant sees the Black Hawk fly overhead. Hears Somali voices, yelling, coming closer. Tries to rea back for his rifle, grunts in agony, back damaged. Can't to it. Sweating, reaching, swearing in pain as -- SOMALI FACES appear in his windscreen, raise their AKs at him. D raises one arm to protect himself as he fires -- the firs Somali gunmen's chest EXPLODES. Gordon and Shughart land. GUNFIRE raging as they charge t the chopper. DURANT - Somalis charge the Black Hawk. Durant fires away He sees Shughart and Gordon rounding the corner, boots slapping earth. Appearing like angels. They fire at the approaching Somalis. Shughart bangs on the Black Hawk.
180) 3) dialog: Oh, it's good to see you. How bad?
180) 7) dialog: We gotta get you outta here, buddy. I'm pulling him out. Cover! Gordon gently lifts Durant from the chopper and he scream in pain. Shughart covers.
180) 9) dialog: Cross, we're at the Six Four crash sight, securing the perimeter. You all right?
180) 11) dialog: You're locked and loaded. If you see anyone come around these corners -- you watch your back. Shughart and Gordon run back to the crash site.
180) 13) dialog: 
185) 0) text: Delta snipers GORDON AND SHUGHART are sprawled out under ruined chopper tail, ammo magazines piled beside them. THEY FIRE at endless targets. Countless AK-47 muzzle flas flare from every direction. A living nightmare.
185) 1) dialog: Loading. Gordon slaps in an ammo mag, Shughart covering them. GORDON'S POV - firing again, he hits EVERYTHING. Militia nailed in the head, chest, some targets 100 yeards away.
185) 2) dialog: Randy, I need a pistol mag! Shughart throws Gordon the mag and he loads it.
185) 7) dialog: Randy, last mag! Crowd of Somalis now charging at them, making suicide run Too many of them. Gordon takes a bullet in the head.
186) 0) text: Durant is firing his MP-5 at dozens of Somalis. Every tim he fires they disappear behind walls. Shughart scrambles back to Durant, gives him a CAR-15 rifle. The weapon is covered in blood. Gordon's. Shughart touches Durant's shoulder.
201) 0) text: No crew inside. Everything that can be ripped from the co panel is gone. Hoot sees Gordon's plastic pro-tech helmet, neat hole in forehead. Hoot picks it up and holds it for a moment, the sets it on the console. Stares up at the men, eyes speaki volumes. They run from the wreckage and trigger a thermite charge the Black Hawk. As they run away, Super Six-Four EXPLODES thermite charge lighting up the sky.
261) 0) text: The cargo bay door closes on the empty cargo bay. FADE TO BLACK... LEGEND #1: During the raid over 1000 Somalis died and 19 American soldiers lost their lives. CWO Donovan Briley Staff Sgt. Daniel Busch Spec. James Ca Staff Sgt. William Cleveland Staff Sgt. Thomas Field Sgt. First Class Earl Fillmore CWO Raymond Frank Master Sgt. G Gordon Sgt. Cornell Houston Sgt. Casey Joyce Pfc. Richard Kowalewski Pfc. James Martin Master Sgt. Tim “Griz' Marti Sgt. Dominick Pilla Sgt. First Class Matt Rierson Sgt. Lo Ruiz Sgt. First Class Randy Shughart Cpl. Jamie Smith Cwo Cliff “Elvis' Wolcott