7) 0) text: The market bustles with activity. Militia men stroll the streets, automatic rifles strapped across their backs. HOOT slinks through the crowd, following a Somali DRIVER.
9) 0) text: The driver leads Atto to the waiting car. Hoot watches, s into a microphone in his collar.
9) 1) dialog: Leaving. Atto gets in his car and leaves.
18) 0) text: Hoot smokes a cigar on top of a sand dune as a Black Hawk passes over him. We see that he is holding his mountain b Wolcott lands the Black Hawk Super Six One on the beach, kicks up a storm of sand. Hoot shoulders his bike, hustle into the chopper.
19) 1) dialog: (over the ROAR of the chopper blades) Nice man, very smooth!
19) 3) dialog: Shit, that's a shame man. That's a nice jeep. The Black Hawk lifts off and kicks up a cloud of sand as flies away.
22) 0) text: Upon sight of the boars Hoot cocks his rifle.
22) 1) dialog: Hey, who's hungry? The other Rangers smirk.
23) 0) text: Hoot stands before a wild boar on a rotating BBQ spit. Me move along the chow line. CAPTAIN STEELE, Ranger ground commander, steps up behind Delta Sergeant SANDERSON in line.
23) 6) dialog: I know.
23) 8) dialog: Man, I know.
23) 13) dialog: Oh, just some aerial target practice sir, didn't want to leave it behind.
23) 15) dialog: (shows Steele his finger) Well this is my safety, sir. Hoot walks off with his plate of food. Sanderson stops St from going after Hoot.
29) 11) dialog: Which building is it, sir?
29) 14) dialog: I didn't say a word, Sir. There is an unspoken unease in the room.
44) 0) text: Eversmann leans against a wall next to Hoot. Silence betw them, Eversmann looks off.
44) 4) dialog: Almost.
44) 6) dialog: Know what I think? Don't really matter what I think. Once that first bullet goes past your head -- politics, and all that shit -- just goes right out the window.
44) 8) dialog: Just watch your corner...get all your men back here alive. turns to Hoot, grave.
77) 0) text: Delta come through the dust and smoke of flashbangs like apparitions. Hoot, Wex and other Delta burst into a room, see ten Somalia trying to find another escape route. Bett dressed than most Somalis, this group carries file folder maps, charts, scattered on a table, and AK-47s. Bingo.
77) 1) dialog: Down, get down! DOWN! DOWN! DO IT
85) 1) dialog: Secure.
85) 3) dialog: Let's go, let's go!
87) 0) text: Delta has marched the prisoners into an inner courtyard. Everyone waiting. Hoot speaks into a walkie talkie --
87) 1) dialog: K.O. Six Four, green light.
89) 13) dialog: Let's go, let's go. Come on, let's move! Blackburn is loaded in to a Humvee. GRIMES has been engrossed in watching them load prisoners (CONTINUED)
91) 0) text: Hoot marches more prisoners out. Two Somali boys stare at them from the corner like they'r circus attraction.
91) 1) dialog: Let's go, right here! Come on!
92) 6) dialog: I'll go! I'll take my team, make sure they get back okay.
92) 17) dialog: He's dead.
92) 22) dialog: He's dead.
95) 2) dialog: It's mine. OUTSIDE - Hoot sights a_line_of Somali gunmen_up ahead an on building tops. Hoot lets loose with a cruel sweep of t -50 caliber. Huge slugs blast into the masonry -- dust and stone mixin with crimson splatters of blood.
100) 0) text: Before Wolcott can react an RPG BOOMS into the tail rotor Busch's feet shoot out the cargo door.
127) 0) text: The convoy rumbles down the road. Thomas holds a bloody P Hoot stands at the turret gun, no longer firing -- in a d
164) 6) dialog: We're wasting time here.
165) 0) text: Hoot slaps in a magazine, already re -- supplied with gre and ammo. He grabs a bunch of night vision goggles, slips them in a pack. Rangers stare at him. Struecker is grabbing ammo when Hoot pulls him aside.
165) 1) dialog: It'll probably help to wash the blood out of the Humvees. 183 184 75.
168) 0) text: Eversmann's men are shooting constantly, trying to keep t growing crowd of Somalis from the downed chopper.
191) 6) dialog: (grabs the radio handset) Kilo Six Four, this is Kilo One One, request permission to move to crash Site number 2 on foot. Over. As Hoot reloads and waits for an okay, Struecker regards like he's nuts. To Struecker --
191) 8) dialog: Stop the vehicle. Let me out. Struecker slows. Hoot jumps out. Raps on the side of the Humvee for a couple of other Delta to join him, including Sizemore. The four run down a side street.
200) 0) text: Hoot, Sizemore and the Delta men move almost silently, we NODS through the narrow alleyways. Up ahead they see Durant's downed Black Hawk, figures swa over it, dragging off equipment. Hoot comes charging up, firing over their heads:
200) 1) dialog: (in Somali, subtitled) I think this is mine! The crowd bolts out of the Black Hawk and down the street 222 223 100.
201) 0) text: No crew inside. Everything that can be ripped from the co panel is gone. Hoot sees Gordon's plastic pro-tech helmet, neat hole in forehead. Hoot picks it up and holds it for a moment, the sets it on the console. Stares up at the men, eyes speaki volumes. They run from the wreckage and trigger a thermite charge the Black Hawk. As they run away, Super Six-Four EXPLODES thermite charge lighting up the sky.
210) 0) text: Mo'Alim shouts at a militia man, who adjusts the angle an drops another missile in -- PHWOMP it shoots skyward.
215) 0) text: Hoot, Sizemore and one other Delta man move slowly, silen through the night, NODS on their heads. The sound of stac gunfire grows louder as they near Crash Site One. A RUMBLE - and Hoot motions with hand signals. They creep forward down the block, guns raised, NODs over their eyes They fire again -- and commandeer an RPG gun. Mo'Alim looks around, as -- CRACK!CRACK! Two more militia drop to the ground. He sees Hoot load a mortar and fire i directly at him. Mo'Alim's head rocks backwards. He is dead. Hoot, Sizemore and two Deltas run forward down the street
216) 1) dialog: Ranger here. This is Kilo One One.
216) 5) dialog: We're coming in with three friendlies. I need some covering fire, over. GALENTINE - passes the word along, trying not to shout:
221) 0) text: Slumped against a crumbling wall in the silent house, Eversmann stares at Smith's body, covered by a tattered blanket in the center of the room. Hoot moves to the body, finds Smith's CAR-15 on the groun blood-spattered. Hoot picks it up, takes out the magazine
221) 2) dialog: We need the ammo. Eversmann watches the Delta soldier pick up the extra rou
221) 3) dialog: You did all you could here. Eversmann's gaze again falls to Smith's form under the blanket.
221) 7) dialog: Well, right now we'd be out there defending another crashed chopper. More men would get torn up.
221) 9) dialog: So you're thinking. Don't. (beat) Cause Sergeant, you can't control who gets hit, or who doesn't. who falls out of a chopper, or why. It ain't up to you. It's just war.
221) 11) dialog: (stares at him) Listen -- should have_or could have -- it don't matter; You'll get plenty of_time to think about all that later. Believe me. Hoot looks at Eversmann.
221) 12) dialog: Sergeant. You got your men this far. You did it right today... (Eversmann glances up at him) You need to start thinking about getting these men out of he Hoot looks up.
221) 13) dialog: Well, shall we?
225) 5) dialog: You're gonna need some help.
225) 7) dialog: Okay guys, we're gonna lay down some cover fire for him on three. Ready? One, two, three, go! His chalk finishes reloading and sets to cover him. He lo at them. Ready? Is he? Yes. Whup-whup-whup -- Wood's Litt Bird howls overhead. Somalis FIRING as --
226) 0) text: -- Eversmann sprints from the Somali building into the shooting range of the street, bullets tracking him -- a hellstorm, Eversmann right in the middle of it. Eversmann tosses the strobe on the roof.
238) 0) text: Eversmann and Doc Schmid carry Smith's body, covered with sheet, out into the night. Load it into an APC. Hoot cove them, watching the rooftops, windows. Ever vigilant.
245) 0) text: Hoot sets explosives in the now-deserted cockpit. Runs to the leaving convoy as the charges are detonated.
248) 0) text: The city is bathed in orange light. Eversmann, Hoot, Stee Sanderson, Twombly, Sizemore, Nelson, Yurek, Kurth, Wadde Galentine and Doc Schmid are running down the streets aft the convoy, unable to catch up with the vehicles. They watch helplessly as the convoy disappears down the b Their tired, rubbery legs carry them away from the crash site, into the dense, dangerous streets of surrounding neighborhoods.
254) 0) text: The entrance is in sight. Doctors are inside, white table and sheets and water and safety and food and shelter and Eversmann makes it. Hoot, Sanderson, Steele, and the othe charge in after him. They stare at the makeshift medical tents that have been up. Watching a Medic directing the seriously wounded to o area, dead to another - as UN workers bring them glasses of water. Nelson and Twombly embrace. Eversmann staggers forward.
258) 0) text: Eversmann comes over to Hoot, who is picking through supplies... resupplying himself. Hoot goes about his business... taping grenade pins one after another after another... Calmly, efficiently...
258) 4) dialog: (nods, matter of fact) There's still men out there... God damn! He stops resupplying and picks up a plate and eats.
258) 5) dialog: When I go home... and people ask me, hey Hoot? Why do you do it man? Why? You some kind of war junkie? I won't say a god damned word. Why? Because they won't understand... They won't understand why we do it. They won't understand, it's about the men next to you... and that's it... that's all it is. Eversmann does know... and starts to resupply himself. Ho shakes his head no.
258) 6) dialog: Hey. Don't even think about it, all right? I'm better on my own. And fully resupplied Hoot simply starts off... Eversmann watches Hoot walk away... And Hoot suddenly slows, realizing... shouting back...
258) 7) dialog: (congratulations) Hey! We started a whole new week... it's Monday. And as he moves off... just another soldier, one of the d of war...