24) 0) text: The barracks is divided by the arrangement of the cots. Rangers here, Delta there, relaxing over Risk, Stratego, cribbage, cards, Gameboys. Ping-pong games in the corner. Pilots Durant and Wolcott are continuing their Scrabble g PILLA stands before a group of young men as though he's o stage. He imitates Captain Steele, much to the amusement the men. Pilla tries to hide his thick "Joyzee" accent:
24) 1) dialog: Speak up! (touches his forehead) You say this is your safety? Well this is my boot Son, and it will fit up your ass with the proper amount of force. Off to the side Eversmann writes a letter. (CONTINUED)
24) 6) dialog: (to another Ranger) You'se guys, I'm trying to do this. Give me a break. (back in character) Take those sunglasses off, Soldier. Delta wants to wear Oakleys, that's their business, I don't want to see them on you again, hooah? Other Rangers laughingly mock his "hooah."
24) 7) dialog: Hey, is that a hot weapon? DELTA SECTION - Gordon plops in a seat opposite Shughart Shughart studies a critical move, finger on his bishop.
24) 25) dialog: Hey, we are at the ten yard line here men, you understand? Can you count? One, two, ten. Okay? Where are my running backs? Where are my running backs? The Rangers laugh and respond with emphatic "hooahs". Pil doesn't notice as Steele enters.
24) 26) dialog: Hey, I didn't see you in church on Sunday soldier. Had something more important to do? Not on Sunday you don't. Not anymore. I will make you believe. You understand? Pilla turns and finds himself face-to-face with Steele himself. Goes ashen. Other Rangers watch to see what happ next. Steele, surprisingly, smiles good-naturedly.
24) 32) dialog: Yes, Sir?
24) 34) dialog: Hooah, sir.
79) 0) text: McKnight's convoy reaches its waiting position just off Halwadig. Pilla, in his turret, hears shots, sees bullets spark off the side of the Humvee.
79) 1) dialog: Colonel, they're shooting at us! Colonel, they're shooting at us!
261) 0) text: The cargo bay door closes on the empty cargo bay. FADE TO BLACK... LEGEND #1: During the raid over 1000 Somalis died and 19 American soldiers lost their lives. CWO Donovan Briley Staff Sgt. Daniel Busch Spec. James Ca Staff Sgt. William Cleveland Staff Sgt. Thomas Field Sgt. First Class Earl Fillmore CWO Raymond Frank Master Sgt. G Gordon Sgt. Cornell Houston Sgt. Casey Joyce Pfc. Richard Kowalewski Pfc. James Martin Master Sgt. Tim “Griz' Marti Sgt. Dominick Pilla Sgt. First Class Matt Rierson Sgt. Lo Ruiz Sgt. First Class Randy Shughart Cpl. Jamie Smith Cwo Cliff “Elvis' Wolcott