2) 0) text: A handsome Ranger, SERGEANT MATT EVERSMANN, surveys the village below.
5) 0) text: MATT EVERSMANN jolts from the sight of the bloodbath. Whi inside to the other RANGERS in the Black Hawk's belly.
16) 5) dialog: And you're still clear at one. The Black Hawk takes off into the blaring sun.
20) 0) text: A line of Rangers fire M-16s at targets. A military "Hummer" drives up to the range. Behind the firing line, Eversmann blows a WHISTLE. (CONTINUED)
23) 0) text: Hoot stands before a wild boar on a rotating BBQ spit. Me move along the chow line. CAPTAIN STEELE, Ranger ground commander, steps up behind Delta Sergeant SANDERSON in line.
24) 0) text: The barracks is divided by the arrangement of the cots. Rangers here, Delta there, relaxing over Risk, Stratego, cribbage, cards, Gameboys. Ping-pong games in the corner. Pilots Durant and Wolcott are continuing their Scrabble g PILLA stands before a group of young men as though he's o stage. He imitates Captain Steele, much to the amusement the men. Pilla tries to hide his thick "Joyzee" accent:
24) 4) dialog: Is that a Jersey accent?
24) 5) dialog: It's Georgia.
24) 53) dialog: No-no-no! Stay back, stay back! Eversmann stands, moves closer for a better look. The Ran cradles Beales.
24) 54) dialog: John, John, it's okay. John, John, John, it's okay.
29) 0) text: Garrison briefs Delta, Black Hawk pilots, and four Ranger chalk leaders, including Eversmann. McKnight, Steele, Cri Matthews and Harrell are in front, the rest behind. (CONTINUED)
34) 0) text: Delta and Rangers, in their respective areas, prepare in their own ways, gathering equipment they think they'll ne leaving behind what they don't. Eversmann calls out to Grimes.
63) 0) text: Rangers deploy across the tarmac to their respective chop Garrison has come out to wish the men well, moving past t open doors of Eversmann's Black Hawk, shouting over the n
134) 1) dialog: Hey, we need a medic! Hey, we need a medic immediately to get this last load in! Bloody bodies are carried out of the Humvees on stretcher Sizemore, cast on his arm, watches as Pilla is taken out, dead. Blackburn, broken. Half the others, bleeding. IN A HUMVEE -- Hoot's head peers in. There's already the buzzing of flies over the pools of blood and gristle.
135) 5) dialog: Fire your weapon, Othic! McKnight comes upon the writhing Wex. The Delta Operator no lower half of his body. Wex is muttering something, somehow still alive, reaching at McKnight, taking his hand and squeezing.
142) 2) dialog: Go, go!
155) 0) text: Militiamen and Rangers exchange gunfire. Eversmann glance over at Galentine, ghostly white, listening to his radio.
156) 0) text: Steele and his thirty some Rangers have entered a killing zone. Spread all over the road, his men are pinned down b gunfire from a fourth floor window in a building around t corner. They can't move forward down the street. DOWN THE STREET - Sanderson and his Delta (and Grimes) ar pinned down, waiting to move. Sanderson shouts through th walkie talkie:
165) 0) text: Hoot slaps in a magazine, already re -- supplied with gre and ammo. He grabs a bunch of night vision goggles, slips them in a pack. Rangers stare at him. Struecker is grabbing ammo when Hoot pulls him aside.
166) 1) dialog: (running alongside) Sergeant Struecker, wait! Sergeant Struecker! Can I go, Sir?
235) 0) text: A Ranger takes a saw and cuts through the metal of Wolcot Black Hawk.
239) 1) dialog: I got him. One, two, three. Wilkinson and Fales are helped by dozens of Rangers as th carefully pass the wounded Warren and Dowdy out of the ru helicopter.
242) 1) dialog: Easy, go easy. Easy. Go easy. A Ranger shines a light on Wolcott's buried legs. It's hopeless.
246) 0) text: The convoy is picking up speed, the Mountain soldiers scrambling to get aboard Humvees and APCs as Eversmann, Sanderson, and the other Rangers and Delta cover them.
247) 0) text: After the last of the APCs pass, Eversmann and the other Rangers and Delta try to get aboard. EVERY VEHICLE is cra full, some men hanging out open doors, some lying on hood No one stops for them. Steele runs alongside the APC, pou on the metal --
255) 5) dialog: I can't feel a thing.