23) 0) text: Hoot stands before a wild boar on a rotating BBQ spit. Me move along the chow line. CAPTAIN STEELE, Ranger ground commander, steps up behind Delta Sergeant SANDERSON in line.
23) 2) dialog: Not if General Garrison's asking.
23) 4) dialog: Have a nice meal, Captain. IN THE LINE -- Hoot cuts in front of Blackburn, grabs foo
23) 16) dialog: Let it go sir, the guy hasn't eaten in a couple of days.
85) 2) dialog: Let's move out!
89) 6) dialog: Five minutes, Sir!
89) 8) dialog: Five minutes!
92) 7) dialog: (nods) Sure.
114) 0) text: Somali snipers are still firing from rooftops across the street. Wex ducks gunfire. SANDERSON BLASTS the rooftops.
114) 2) dialog: All right, all right, I'm going to go to the crash. (CONTINUED)
114) 10) dialog: I heard you. We should be leaving, sir. As if to punctuate his point, an RPG nicks the hood of a Humvee and explodes against the target building. Othic an Joyce duck, McKnight doesn't. Debris rains down on the Ra of Chalk One and Delta men.
114) 14) dialog: Come on, let's go! Chalk One and Delta element begin moving on foot toward t distant crash. McKnight loads up the prisoners.
115) 0) text: Steele and his men are in the lead, Delta behind. In the rear, hugging the walls, is Grimes. Sanderson yells back (CONTINUED)
115) 3) dialog: Hey, hey! Stay away from the walls, whoever you are! But the walls seem safe to Grimes. He's not getting away from them even if his life depended on it, which it does. chugs along behind the Delta to keep up as -- He hears a loud FWOOOSH!, turns to see -- AN RPG, streaking right at him. Grimes DUCKS behind a low wall as it ricochets and - BA-WHOOM! -- hits right above his head. Sanderson stops firing, looks back at Grimes who appears behind him.
115) 4) dialog: You okay?
156) 0) text: Steele and his thirty some Rangers have entered a killing zone. Spread all over the road, his men are pinned down b gunfire from a fourth floor window in a building around t corner. They can't move forward down the street. DOWN THE STREET - Sanderson and his Delta (and Grimes) ar pinned down, waiting to move. Sanderson shouts through th walkie talkie:
156) 1) dialog: Captain Steele, we gotta move or we're gonna get pinned down!
156) 6) dialog: We're gonna get chewed up if we don't get off this street.
157) 3) dialog: Fuck this. (into radio) Cap'n Steele, we'll take out the window, we'li rally point at the gray building. Coming through, aptain! ON STEELE - he looks back at Sanderson and Delta down the block behind him.
157) 5) dialog: All right, let's move, let's move! SANDERSON clicks off the radio. Gives Delta command by ha signals. The Delta team moves down the block. Grimes looks behind him. No one there. He takes a deep br and hustles after Delta. ON STEELE - his position is under BLISTERING fire. (CONTINUED)
157) 8) dialog: Move! Move! Move! As DELTA move in a crouch alongside a five foot high eart mound. Bullets kick up plumes of dirt along the crest of the mou above Delta's heads as -- SANDERSON pulls a grenade, yanks the pin and runs up the earthen mound, hurls the grenade four stories into the op window -- a perfect toss. A MOMENT LATER -- the room explodes, shredded Somali bodi hurtling outward. More bullets rain at them from every direction:
157) 9) dialog: Let's go! Let's move! Grimes runs along the earthen mound again. More bullets r past him as he runs. Steele and his Rangers follow the Deltas.
159) 1) dialog: Come on, come on! Let's go, let's go! Come on, bring 'em down! 71.
159) 3) dialog: Grab him! Move him! Move him out of here! Go, go, go! Steele whirls on SANDERSON, furious.
159) 5) dialog: Doing my job! Look, we gotta get to that crash site! We gotta get on that street and we gotta move! Now you have got to keep up, Sir! Steele says under his breath so the others won't hear:
159) 7) dialog: Then give me some of your shooters and it at'll get us closer to the ird! Steele nods. His eyes travel around the room. His Rangers are blood spattered, dazed, shell-shocked. Most are frank terrified. His gaze falls on Grimes.
159) 14) dialog: My guys, let's go!
160) 0) text: Sanderson and Delta emerge from the stable, Grimes traili Delta are fluid, moving from cover to cover, fanning out either side of the street. Grimes hustles after them.
170) 0) text: Sanderson is behind wreckage made by a mortar blast. He s Grimes near him, wonders briefly where he came from.
170) 1) dialog: When this guy stops firing, I'll have four seconds to get to their corner. Cover me. Go! Grimes nods as bullets SLAM into the wall above them. Gri runs forward. The gunfire pauses. Before Sanderson can move, Grimes has leapt out of the cr
170) 4) dialog: (shouting)
170) 6) dialog: (CONT'D) You all right? You okay, man?
170) 8) dialog: (laughs) Come on, come on! Let's go! (CONTINUED)
196) 0) text: As the voices echo, Sanderson and his group keep moving through narrow slum streets. He radios Eversmann --
196) 1) dialog: Eversmann, come in. Eversmann. INTERCUT - with Eversmann, his chalk in strategic positio outside his Alamo building.
196) 3) dialog: Sanderson. Do not, I say again, do not fire to the east. We are coming to you.
196) 8) dialog: Roger, we'll take it.
196) 11) dialog: Follow him! Go, go.
207) 1) dialog: What the hell are you doing?
209) 0) text: Grimes limps over to Sanderson who is sitting on a ratty couch.
209) 2) dialog: Sit down. Let me take a look at that foot.
209) 4) dialog: Come on, come on, come on. But Sanderson is already kneeling in front of him, cuttin off the laces Grimes's right boot. Sanderson finishes cutting, slips the boot off to reveal a golfball-sized piece of shrapnel sticking out of his fo
209) 5) dialog: Oh. (CONTINUED)
209) 9) dialog: It cauterized on impact. (wraps gauze around it) If this thing starts to smart, you let me know, all right? Where the hell'd they find you?
209) 12) dialog: Anybody hit?
236) 0) text: Sanderson watches Grimes hobble to the doorway and goes t assist.
236) 1) dialog: Hey, I got ya! Grimes smiles through the pain, hobbling on his bad foot toward the waiting APC.
236) 3) dialog: (lets Grimes go) You sure? Go! Sanderson watches Grimes run into the APC under his own p
246) 0) text: The convoy is picking up speed, the Mountain soldiers scrambling to get aboard Humvees and APCs as Eversmann, Sanderson, and the other Rangers and Delta cover them.
247) 3) dialog: What's going on? (CONTINUED)
247) 8) dialog: No, no, no, it's full! The Pakistani driver shouts. Steele shuts the door. There are no more vehicles to chas after.
247) 9) dialog: Let's just go, let's just go! The convoy pulls out and the men follow on foot.
248) 0) text: The city is bathed in orange light. Eversmann, Hoot, Stee Sanderson, Twombly, Sizemore, Nelson, Yurek, Kurth, Wadde Galentine and Doc Schmid are running down the streets aft the convoy, unable to catch up with the vehicles. They watch helplessly as the convoy disappears down the b Their tired, rubbery legs carry them away from the crash site, into the dense, dangerous streets of surrounding neighborhoods.
252) 0) text: Sanderson charges up from behind, bullets following him. THEY RUN out into the street as -- A WOMAN with a child i her arms dashes out in front of them, hurrying across the street. Waddell almost fires on instinct.
254) 0) text: The entrance is in sight. Doctors are inside, white table and sheets and water and safety and food and shelter and Eversmann makes it. Hoot, Sanderson, Steele, and the othe charge in after him. They stare at the makeshift medical tents that have been up. Watching a Medic directing the seriously wounded to o area, dead to another - as UN workers bring them glasses of water. Nelson and Twombly embrace. Eversmann staggers forward.