24) 9) dialog: My hand on the piece?
24) 11) dialog: I'd keep my eye on that queen before counseling with others.
41) 2) dialog: Hey baby, it's me, you there? Pick up if you're there.
42) 0) text: Shughart is on a satellite phone, huddled against a wall.
42) 1) dialog: I'm just calling to check up on you and make sure everything's all right. I'll call in a couple of hours. You better not be sleeping. Gordon moves a chess piece, then passes Shughart still on the phone.
43) 1) dialog: I'm missing you. I love you, baby. The call disconnects.
175) 0) text: Shughart and Gordon hear over their headsets --
175) 6) dialog: Roger that.
180) 0) text: Still strapped to his seat Durant sees the Black Hawk fly overhead. Hears Somali voices, yelling, coming closer. Tries to rea back for his rifle, grunts in agony, back damaged. Can't to it. Sweating, reaching, swearing in pain as -- SOMALI FACES appear in his windscreen, raise their AKs at him. D raises one arm to protect himself as he fires -- the firs Somali gunmen's chest EXPLODES. Gordon and Shughart land. GUNFIRE raging as they charge t the chopper. DURANT - Somalis charge the Black Hawk. Durant fires away He sees Shughart and Gordon rounding the corner, boots slapping earth. Appearing like angels. They fire at the approaching Somalis. Shughart bangs on the Black Hawk.
180) 1) dialog: Friendlies! Shughart checks Frank's pulse.
180) 8) dialog: I'm gonna put you down. They prop him against a wall.
180) 14) dialog: We're it! Durant is left alone, cradling his MP-5.
185) 0) text: Delta snipers GORDON AND SHUGHART are sprawled out under ruined chopper tail, ammo magazines piled beside them. THEY FIRE at endless targets. Countless AK-47 muzzle flas flare from every direction. A living nightmare.
185) 3) dialog: Loading. (CONTINUED)
185) 6) dialog: Loading. Gordon grabs a magazine. Pile of ammo getting smaller. ON THE PILE OF MAGAZINES - Gordon reaches for the last on
185) 8) dialog: Gordy! Shughart runs in to Gordon.
185) 9) dialog: Fuck!
186) 0) text: Durant is firing his MP-5 at dozens of Somalis. Every tim he fires they disappear behind walls. Shughart scrambles back to Durant, gives him a CAR-15 rifle. The weapon is covered in blood. Gordon's. Shughart touches Durant's shoulder.
186) 1) dialog: Good luck. Shughart again crawls under the chopper as -- SOMALIS pee around the corner. Durant fires at them. Two more gunmen poke their heads around. Durant fires again.
261) 0) text: The cargo bay door closes on the empty cargo bay. FADE TO BLACK... LEGEND #1: During the raid over 1000 Somalis died and 19 American soldiers lost their lives. CWO Donovan Briley Staff Sgt. Daniel Busch Spec. James Ca Staff Sgt. William Cleveland Staff Sgt. Thomas Field Sgt. First Class Earl Fillmore CWO Raymond Frank Master Sgt. G Gordon Sgt. Cornell Houston Sgt. Casey Joyce Pfc. Richard Kowalewski Pfc. James Martin Master Sgt. Tim “Griz' Marti Sgt. Dominick Pilla Sgt. First Class Matt Rierson Sgt. Lo Ruiz Sgt. First Class Randy Shughart Cpl. Jamie Smith Cwo Cliff “Elvis' Wolcott