33) 0) text: At a filing cabinet, Grimes carefully pushes the plunger down on the coffee grounds in the coffee pot. He speaks o his shoulder to the only other person in the cluttered of Sizemore.
33) 7) dialog: Ping-pong accident.
33) 9) dialog: So guess what? Your wish has been granted. You're going out today.
33) 11) dialog: You're taking my place assisting the sixty gunner. Sergeant Eversmann said to get your stuff and get ready. Now Grimes is speechless. Sizemore relishes the moment.
33) 12) dialog: It's what you wanted, isn't it?
34) 24) dialog: You're a funny guy, man. Ruiz profers the letter to Sizemore.
34) 25) dialog: I'm not taking no death letter.
34) 27) dialog: I'll give it back to you in an hour.
125) 0) text: Sizemore is among thirty technicians, mechanics and cooks all gathered around a big radio, listening with dawning h at the drama out there.
164) 11) dialog: With you guys.
200) 0) text: Hoot, Sizemore and the Delta men move almost silently, we NODS through the narrow alleyways. Up ahead they see Durant's downed Black Hawk, figures swa over it, dragging off equipment. Hoot comes charging up, firing over their heads:
215) 0) text: Hoot, Sizemore and one other Delta man move slowly, silen through the night, NODS on their heads. The sound of stac gunfire grows louder as they near Crash Site One. A RUMBLE - and Hoot motions with hand signals. They creep forward down the block, guns raised, NODs over their eyes They fire again -- and commandeer an RPG gun. Mo'Alim looks around, as -- CRACK!CRACK! Two more militia drop to the ground. He sees Hoot load a mortar and fire i directly at him. Mo'Alim's head rocks backwards. He is dead. Hoot, Sizemore and two Deltas run forward down the street
248) 0) text: The city is bathed in orange light. Eversmann, Hoot, Stee Sanderson, Twombly, Sizemore, Nelson, Yurek, Kurth, Wadde Galentine and Doc Schmid are running down the streets aft the convoy, unable to catch up with the vehicles. They watch helplessly as the convoy disappears down the b Their tired, rubbery legs carry them away from the crash site, into the dense, dangerous streets of surrounding neighborhoods.