34) 11) dialog: Hey you're not going to need that ei her, we're back before dark. You might as well take dope and beer instead. Grimes just stares. Twombly, of course, is kidding.
34) 13) dialog: Ammo, dude. Take ammo. Yurek puts the NODs back. Grimes sees Joyce removing the rear panel of his Kevlar vest. Joyce notices Grimes watch
117) 0) text: Nelson and Twombly, left behind at Chalk 4, are crouched behind a burned-out technical, reloading. There are bodie of Somali gunmen around it. A Black Hawk flies overhead.
117) 2) dialog: What?
117) 4) dialog: What? (CONTINUED)
137) 0) text: Silence. Nelson and Twombly, left behind at Chalk 4, are crouched in their bunker, reloading. There are bodies of Somali gunmen around it. But now, there is nothing but sporadic gunfire on the cor Nelson glances back down the block toward the target hous
137) 2) dialog: What? Twombly stands and moves over to Nelson.
137) 4) dialog: Really? Were we supposed to go to them?
137) 6) dialog: Shit, I think we were supposed to go to them.
137) 8) dialog: Okay, let's go to the crash site.
137) 10) dialog: Okay, move out. Nelson goes first. He makes it half a block before bullet start ticking the walls around him. Twombly covers. Nelso dives behind another smoldering automobile carcass, turns and covers as Twombly dives in beside him. (CONTINUED)
137) 18) dialog: You okay? You alright?
167) 0) text: Nelson and Twombly, still looking for crash site one, cha to a corner. The random burst of gunfire keeps them on ed
167) 1) dialog: Which way? Twombly shrugs: which way? He motions down the street, le or right? Nelson looks down the street.
167) 3) dialog: (whispering) Sshh! Don't talk so fucking loud! Twombly hears something, coming down the block, a strange sound. -- clop, clack, clop. Motions Nelson back. Sound growing louder, closer. (CONTINUED)
167) 10) dialog: Fuck! No, we almost fucking killed you! Oh, come to us! Yurek, completely out of breath; tries to speak.
167) 13) dialog: Okay, never mind. You brought the NOD, right? Yurek gives him a weary Look. Gasps out -- (CONTINUED)
167) 17) dialog: Man, I wasn't saying it to you.
167) 19) dialog: Man, we're gonna need night vision. Yurek grabs Nelson. Nelson turns around.
167) 22) dialog: Oh, he's deaf. It's my fault, I... We really need to get out of here.
167) 24) dialog: I thought you might know. They take off down the street.
197) 0) text: Twombly, Nelson and Yurek are sixty yards and across the street from Eversmann's position. They dash out, the hulk shape of Wolcott's Black Hawk visible in the intersection
197) 5) dialog: (shouting) Shawn, Shawn, listen. Sergeant Yurek's gonna run first. (CONTINUED)
197) 8) dialog: (Yurek's look says, I am?) Now when he gets across the street, he's gonna turn around and he's gonna cover you as you run. Listen closely - when you get there, you're gonna turn around and you're gonna cover me. Okay? Nelson nods, but Twombly isn't really sure he understands
197) 9) dialog: Now you're not just gonna run to Eversmann's position, you're going to stop. You're gonna turn around and you are gonna cover me. It's important you understand that. Nelson nods again, but it's even less convincing this tim Twombly glances to Yurek.
197) 10) dialog: Okay, you ready?
197) 12) dialog: Hey, hey! Don't forget.
197) 14) dialog: Don't forget. Nelson can't hear him. Twombly shrugs, Oh, fuck it, go. N runs. He makes it across the street, turns, sets and cove Twombly's run perfectly. ON EVERSMANN - he, Smith, Kurth, Goodale, Galentine and Waddell watch as Yurek hauls ass.
197) 21) dialog: Nelson. PROVIDING COVER - as Nelson runs across. Eversmann sees Somali's aiming but it's too late to warn Twombly, who charges across the courtyard.
220) 7) dialog: Yeah, I'm okay, Jamie. Now the whole room is watching as Smith begins hyper - ventilating a sickening wheezing sound echoing off the st walls. Smith's eyes start to dart around the room.
247) 7) dialog: I'm not getting on the fucking roof!
248) 0) text: The city is bathed in orange light. Eversmann, Hoot, Stee Sanderson, Twombly, Sizemore, Nelson, Yurek, Kurth, Wadde Galentine and Doc Schmid are running down the streets aft the convoy, unable to catch up with the vehicles. They watch helplessly as the convoy disappears down the b Their tired, rubbery legs carry them away from the crash site, into the dense, dangerous streets of surrounding neighborhoods.
254) 0) text: The entrance is in sight. Doctors are inside, white table and sheets and water and safety and food and shelter and Eversmann makes it. Hoot, Sanderson, Steele, and the othe charge in after him. They stare at the makeshift medical tents that have been up. Watching a Medic directing the seriously wounded to o area, dead to another - as UN workers bring them glasses of water. Nelson and Twombly embrace. Eversmann staggers forward.