16) 0) text: Black Hawk pilot CLIFF "ELVIS" WOLCOTT addresses his Rang passengers as he prepares for take-off.
16) 1) dialog: Well ladies and gentlemen, my name is Cliff "Elvis" Wolcott. I'll be your pilot this afternoon. Federal regulations has designated this is a non-smoking Black Hawk helicopter. For those of you enrolled in our Mogadishu frequent flyer program, you'll be earning a hundred free credits this afternoon, and as always, the air sickness bags are located in the seat back in front of you.
16) 8) dialog: Limo's a word Durant, I don't want to hear about it.
16) 12) dialog: Limo is a word in common usage. That is the key phrase in Scrabble, my good friend. Common usage.
16) 14) dialog: It doesn't have to be in the dictionary!
16) 16) dialog: They don't say limousine, they say limo!
16) 18) dialog: You touch my limo and I'1l spank you, night stalker, you hear me?
18) 0) text: Hoot smokes a cigar on top of a sand dune as a Black Hawk passes over him. We see that he is holding his mountain b Wolcott lands the Black Hawk Super Six One on the beach, kicks up a storm of sand. Hoot shoulders his bike, hustle into the chopper.
24) 0) text: The barracks is divided by the arrangement of the cots. Rangers here, Delta there, relaxing over Risk, Stratego, cribbage, cards, Gameboys. Ping-pong games in the corner. Pilots Durant and Wolcott are continuing their Scrabble g PILLA stands before a group of young men as though he's o stage. He imitates Captain Steele, much to the amusement the men. Pilla tries to hide his thick "Joyzee" accent:
61) 2) dialog: (into his headset) Irene!
69) 0) text: Black Hawks move low and fast, following the Humvee carav along a road. Then parallel to the shore over the running breakers. INT. WOLCOTT'S BLACK HAWK - CONT.
69) 2) dialog: Two minutes! Eversmann holds up two fingers.
70) 0) text: Tie-Dye stands waiting outside his car. The militia barricade the streets and start burning tires Mo'Alim rides forward on a convoy. INT. WOLCOTT'S BLACK HAWK - CONT. BELOW - black smoke from piles of burning tires rises int the sky as--
72) 1) dialog: One minute.
96) 0) text: Wolcott flies above the city.
97) 0) text: Mo'Alim drives a technical in reverse down a tight street keeping pace with Wolcott's circling Black Hawk. Mo'Alim SLAMS the brakes and three Somalia jump out with tubes. Mo'Alim leaps off the vehicle. His men with the RP await his signal. As the chopper turns in the sky --
100) 0) text: Before Wolcott can react an RPG BOOMS into the tail rotor Busch's feet shoot out the cargo door.
100) 1) dialog: All right, we got a hit! Stay with it! 106 107 108 109 49.
102) 0) text: Wolcott and copilot Briley are the picture of calm as gau go blank and the helicopter begins to spin.
102) 1) dialog: Hey, Bull, you wanna pull those PCLs offline or what? Briley, already struggling to pull the levers, returns Wolcott's grin.
102) 3) dialog: (remarkably calm) Six one going down...
103) 1) dialog: Six One going down. Hold on!
104) 0) text: IMPACT! The Black Hawk explodes into an enormous concrete fountain, flips sideways, slams onto the road, nose burro into the dirt, control panel crumpling, glass shattering inward -- Wolcott and Briley killed instantly. Everything enveloped in dust. Somalis run away in every direction. 50.
130) 0) text: A dust storm kicks up as Maier and his copilot Jones set Little Bird down in front of Wolcott's crashed Black Hawk
131) 0) text: Eversmann and his guys come around the corner. Through a massive city archway, they can see Wolcott's downed chopp lying on its side. Little Bird whirling in front of it. Eversmann motions for his men to follow him. They charge through the enormous city gate, bullets slapping around t 142 143 59.
169) 0) text: Cribbs points to the map of Mogadishu. A big X represents Wolcott's crash, another, further away, Durant's crash.
197) 0) text: Twombly, Nelson and Yurek are sixty yards and across the street from Eversmann's position. They dash out, the hulk shape of Wolcott's Black Hawk visible in the intersection
242) 0) text: They start on Wolcott.
261) 0) text: The cargo bay door closes on the empty cargo bay. FADE TO BLACK... LEGEND #1: During the raid over 1000 Somalis died and 19 American soldiers lost their lives. CWO Donovan Briley Staff Sgt. Daniel Busch Spec. James Ca Staff Sgt. William Cleveland Staff Sgt. Thomas Field Sgt. First Class Earl Fillmore CWO Raymond Frank Master Sgt. G Gordon Sgt. Cornell Houston Sgt. Casey Joyce Pfc. Richard Kowalewski Pfc. James Martin Master Sgt. Tim “Griz' Marti Sgt. Dominick Pilla Sgt. First Class Matt Rierson Sgt. Lo Ruiz Sgt. First Class Randy Shughart Cpl. Jamie Smith Cwo Cliff “Elvis' Wolcott