120) 1) dialog: Go, go, go! Eversmann crosses the street, ducks behind Yurek. Fires i that direction. Yurek signals the others to move.
120) 2) dialog: Go! Go! The rest of the group continues along the block as Yurek cover fires at the approaching mob. He turns to follow th as KRATAKRATAKRAK! AK-47 gunfire wails down at Yurek, he kic in the tin door of the nearest structure he can find, div into --
121) 0) text: -- a cramped schoolroom, cluttered with terrified kids huddling in a corner with their 16 year-old teacher. Bullets EXPLODE through the tin door. Bullets ZING! through the tin, explode around the room. Yurek puts his finger over his mouth to be quiet. (CONTINUED)
122) 0) text: Pokes his head out to check the Street. Looks both ways a A SOMALI GUNMAN fires at him from one direction as -- The Somali's TEN YEAR OLD son, AK-47 too big for his little h FIRES from the other direction, poorly aimed bullets ricocheting off the crumbling alley wall, just missing Yu a bullet taking the heel of his boot off. Yurek pulls his head back just in time as -- The SOMALI M groans, hit by ricochet of his son's bullets. The man cru to the dirt, dying. Yurek sees the kid run past him to his father, on his kne over his father, wailing, AK-47 forgotten. Yurek holds hi gun on dying father and son. About to fire. Doesn't. Then runs.
167) 6) dialog: Nice donkey. Yurek pats its head as he takes a look out into the wide intersection. Then he bolts -- RUNNING around a corner, d another block, around another corner. TWOMBLY AND NELSON level their weapons at him and start shooting.
167) 7) dialog: Rangers!
167) 9) dialog: It's Yurek, you fucking assholes!
167) 11) dialog: Fuck You! Come to me! Twombly and Nelson run to Yurek.
167) 16) dialog: No. No, I didn't bring it. And you want to know why? ‘Cause you said: You're not gonna need that, dude, we'll be back in a half hour.
167) 18) dialog: (looks at Nelson) Nelson, cover this way. Nelson doesn't hear him.
167) 20) dialog: What's the matter with you?
167) 23) dialog: We can't be far from the crash. Which way?
197) 0) text: Twombly, Nelson and Yurek are sixty yards and across the street from Eversmann's position. They dash out, the hulk shape of Wolcott's Black Hawk visible in the intersection
197) 1) dialog: Eversmann. It's Yurek, I got, I got Nelson and Twombly with me. We got the chopper in sight. Where are you? INTERCUT - with Eversmann.
197) 3) dialog: Yeah. Hold your fire. We're coming in.
197) 4) dialog: We gotta go.
197) 11) dialog: Yeah, I guess. Yurek RUNS right through the center of the street. BACK ON NELSON - getting ready --
197) 19) dialog: You gonna cover us Sergeant? Eversmann radios back.
248) 0) text: The city is bathed in orange light. Eversmann, Hoot, Stee Sanderson, Twombly, Sizemore, Nelson, Yurek, Kurth, Wadde Galentine and Doc Schmid are running down the streets aft the convoy, unable to catch up with the vehicles. They watch helplessly as the convoy disappears down the b Their tired, rubbery legs carry them away from the crash site, into the dense, dangerous streets of surrounding neighborhoods.
252) 3) dialog: What are you doing?