0) 272) text: As a TEXAS SHERIFF'S CAR skids to a stop behind them. SHE BUELL CLAYTON climbs out. Fifty. Ruggedly handsome. An  imposing figure.
0) 274) text: The Kids freeze, as the Sheriff strides up to them.
0) 276) text: But Sheriff Clayton doesn't even notice they've stripped  down the entire car. He's got other problems.
0) 414) text: He trounces on it and the Shelby Cobra II springs to life laying twenty feet of third gear rubber. Suddenly, the Te Sheriff's car looks like it's standing on jacks.
0) 501) text: back to the highway. As Sheriff Branford's two Patrol car come blasting down the highway. They stop at the shoulder beat. Then they take off over the shoulder in pursuit.
0) 502) text: back again. As Sheriff Clayton's Texas Highway Patrol car skids to a stop.
0) 532) text: to the creek. As the first Sheriff's car comes roaring to the edge doing at least 95. He sees the bridge is out, hi his brakes, goes broadside and flies over the side -- int the creek. A beat and Sheriff Branford's car comes wailing down the  road. The Deputy slams down his brakes in the nick of tim and the car skids halfway over the edge -- hanging suspen in mid-air halfway over the creek.
0) 533) text: as the Third Sheriff's car comes barrelling down the road spots Branford's car hanging over the edge and brakes. Bu its rear end slings around, smashing into the rear of  Branford's car, sending it flying into the creek. A huge  splash, then:
0) 647) text: as Sheriff Clayton's car zooms under the crane, clearing by a hair. But the crane rips off Clayton's lights and si Leaving only wires and a gaping hole in the roof of the c
0) 826) text: as Bandit I sails right past the Texas Sheriff's car.
0) 846) dialog: -- This is Sheriff Buell Clayton,  Texas Highway Patrol. That Cobra  y'all been lookin' for with Georgia  plates, ain't got no more Georgia  plates. She's now running with  Mississippi tags. Charles. Alan.  Richard. Two. Seven. Three. Vehicle  now southbound on Interstate 82.  Heading for Alabama.
0) 883) text: Sheriff Clayton's car comes driving up. Its front end is totalled and the front window is shattered.
0) 887) text: Clayton looks out over the mess. Winces. Suddenly, a giant EIGHTEEN-WHEELER, hauling a wide load o lumber comes barrelling down the highway. Clayton's door still standing open and the Eighteen-wheeler rips the "Te Sheriff's" door right off its hinges, sending it soaring  thirty feet into the air.
0) 1019) text: as the battered-up Texas Sheriff's car comes wailing thro the mountains and descends to meet: