2) 16) dialog: I can't do it anymore. This outpost. Being all cooped up like this. I'm going
2) 19) dialog: I don't know what it's like to have a best friend. To have any friends. I want to have a crush. I want secrets.
2) 23) dialog: 
2) 33) dialog: Dear Lord we thank you for what we are about to receive. Blessing us with your gifts... She.speaks with her eyes clenched shut, words spoken sincerely, nothing perfunctory about it. She's a believer
2) 34) dialog: We thank you for the earth and the sky and for your bounty through Christ our Lord -- She.stops, opening her eyes -- staring at the plates and glasses on the table. They're RATTLING.
2) 44) dialog: 
5) 1) dialog: 
6) 3) dialog: He keeps screaming but it's no use -- as the-motorcycles in the night he knows -- They've taken her. The CAMERA TILTS to the MOON hanging above the plain. it turns BLACK as we now find ourselves peering into --
31) 10) text: After the war was over we figured you'd stay with us. Shannon was real fond of you. Lucy too. She was always asking about you. Uncomfortable with the conversation, Priest pulls out a m unrolling it onto the wooden table. He moves his finger across the paper. PRIEST
32) 23) text: On the other hand -- if I go after Lucy there'll be a warrant on mybead too...and that'll put us in the same briar patch. O
34) 7) text: But then Lucy was born. .and as soon as I saw her I knew. I Just knew -ГЇВїВЅ- There's no way something so perfect came from me. She was a gift. From God. (looks at Priest) You find her. Whatever it takes. Find Lucy.    
35) 1) text: A. THUNDERING past Strange ROCK FORMATIONS, bizarre shado cast across the plains. B. A group of WANDERING MONKS, holy men carrying offering the desert, bow as they race by. C.- We.see a PHOTO OF LUCY now stuck to Hicks' windscreen CUT TO:
42) 31) text: I see ten crypts ...but only eight vampires. We find the missing, we'll find-Lucy.' What's the next nearest town? HICKS
42) 34) text: Whoever took Lucy was a whole different breed. He tosses another body on the fire, tiny sparks floating the night as --    
46) 0) text: A sliver of light lands on LUCY
46) 1) text: Lying on the floor, her face streaked with tears. Vestige of the girl we met earlier already lost. LUCY
46) 5) text: You're in here for your own protection...If I let you out of this car you'll be torn apart a piece at a time. He walks to her, face still hidden in shadow. She starts cry, pulling back to the wall. Angry. LUCY
53) 0) text: Lucy is on her knees, scratching her nails against the wo floor. Testing it. Splintery shards come up in tiny clust From outside,.:the sound of a padlock opening, a chain dropping to the floor. Lucy quickly sits, making innocent A SERVANT FAMILIAR enters, carrying a tray of food, his e grotesquely roam Lucy's body. Lucy smiles sweetly, taking the tray. LUCY
53) 1) text: Thank you. The Familiar turns to leave. WHAPI Lucy SLAMS the tray over his head and he collapses the floor. She makes a run for it. But the Familiar manages to grab ankle.knocking her down, she kicks at him as he holds fas hissing. Two more FAMILIARS run in and grab her arms, wrestling he the floor. She struggles furiously but it's no use, she screams as we CUT TO:
54) 2) text: Yep. Truly a wonder of the world...good thing we listened to the fossil. Don't know how we'd find Lucy without him. PRIEST
56) 1) text: This is bullshit. Lucy's been gone five days'-- every stupid minute we waste here is a minute more she gets farther-away. Priest turns and sees a STONE STAIRCASE, uneven steps lea downwards...too dark to tell where though.    
70) 0) text: THE SERVANT FAMILIAR slides the door open, carrying food Lucy, no tray this time.    
75) 0) text: Bare feet running on the salt-flats. It's Lucy. Covered in dirt, battered and bruised but chugging along. There is absolutely NOTHING out here, onl LUCY AND
78) 3) text: She'd be dead if not for me...swallowed by the wasteland. We see Lucy on the floor at the Figure's feet, his pale h runs calmly through her hair. From the shadows, Black Hat steps forward, looking down a Lucy. She struggles but the hand tightens its grip. BLACK HAT
78) 15) text: I've been waiting years for a chance at him...and now that he's here I find x have to ask a Prime permission... Like a snake, a finger of the claw emerges from the folds his jacket, wrapping itself around Lucy's neck. RUNE (CONT'D)
78) 16) text: My how things have changed. Ever so slightly, the metal finger SQUEEZES Lucy's throat choking her. RUNE (CONT'D)
78) 18) text: Maybe it's time to return the favor. The metal finger wraps TIGHTEtR, Lucy gasps, the "tension becoming unbearable until finally BLACK HAT
78) 19) text: Fine. He's Yours. As if on command, the finger retreats back into the jacke Lucy COLLAPSING to the floor coughing and choking. RUNE
78) 21) text: Annoyed, picks up the still burning cigar, squeezing it i his hand. He turns to Lucy.    
85) 34) text: Shoot me and it won't matter if you find Lucy. You won't stop that train -- and you won't save her. The Priestess steps between them, looks at Hicks.    
87) 5) text: SIX BLACK MOTORCYCLES (the same ones who kidnapped Lucy) out from within the car! Vampires covered in rider leathe protected from the sun, heads obscured by BLAST HELMETS. Priest turns to the other two. PRIEST
88) 3) text: I'm going for the engine. Find Lucy. (about to speed off, stops) Before he does. Hicks nods, knowing this'll probably be the last time he her. And with that, she throttles forward, disappearing. Alone, Hicks takes a deep breath, looks at --
95) 0) text: Hicks still hunting for Lucy, making his way to the next He slides open the door, stepping carefully inside, candlelight softly illuminating the space. He's greeted by a sight that makes his blood freeze:
101) 5) text: Lucy? it is. That's when he sees something. Glinting in the darkness, just below her lip. Something sharp. CUT TO:
103) 0) text: Hicks crouches beside Lucy, his gun trained on her. She site listlessly, her skin pale, eyes lost on the wall front of her. HICKS
103) 1) text: Lucy, my name is Sheriff Hicks...I'm here to take you home. No response. She seems almost catatonic. He reaches into his pocket, pulling out her photograph, showing it to her    
103) 5) text: Reaches through the opening, long bony fingers swiping at Hicks like switchblades as he falls backwards, pain shoot up his body. ANOTHER ARM breaks through the small window, clawing at t air, the door BANGING REPEATEDLY against the chain. Hicks places himself between Lucy and the door, not notic as she eyes the blood soaking through his shirt. HICKS (CONT'D)
105) 0) text: Hicks continues to FIRE, the vampires seconds from enteri the car. He turns to look back at Lucy. But she's gone. HICKS
105) 1) text: Lucy? WHAM! A WOODEN. PLANK slams him over the head, knocking t gun from his hand. Woozy, he spins around to find Lucy standing over him, holding the plank above her head. He scoots back just as WHAM! the plank comes back down ag splintering apart across the floor. HICKS (CONT'D)
105) 2) text: Lucy, wait She doesn't, jabbing at him with the broken plank, he dod it, barely, but she keeps coming. HICKS (CONT'D) :71
105) 3) text: Lucy, don't do this! The girl's just too fast. She keeps pushing him backwards until he's dangerously close to the vampire's clawing han Hick's closes his eyes, knowing this is it... A FIST
105) 4) text: PUNCHES through a BOARDED UP HOLE in the floor (the one through which Lucy escaped before), wood splintering into tiny shards. Hicks takes advantage of the distraction and SLUGS Lucy, knocking her unconscious. He dives for his gun, scooping it up and leveling it at t hole, ready to fire at whatever's coming through... IT'S PRIEST
105) 6) text: (reaching for Lucy) Give her to me! Hurry!    
105) 8) text: -- They'11.get through the door any second! Give her to mei Screeching, ANOTHER VAMPIRE makes it through the opening, Hicks quickly taking him down in one crack shot. He picks Lucy up, handing her to Priest. Priest disappears with her, Hicks climbing down behind ju as -- the chain finally SNAPS and the door BURSTS open wi screeching vampires! Hicks BLASTS away but there's too many of them, they keep coming. He drops into the hole --
107) 0) text: They work their way up the side, making it to the roof, exhausted. Priest carrying the still unconscious Lucy. HICKS
107) 6) text: What happens next happens fast: Priest GRABS Hicks, folding his body around both he and L hands coming together in prayer, feet leaving the train a E ERYTH ggas BLACK The sound of a heartbeat.A threshold. A zone of transitio A BRIGHT FLASH -- we see the TRAIN collide with the. Priestess. The massive grill of the engine CRUMPLING AROU HER as if smashing into a building. She doesn't move. A BRIGHT FLASH -- one by one the train cars SLAM into eac other, the cars JUMPING the rails. MMMM gQES BLACK A BRIGHT FLASH -- and now Priest is falling through the a body shielding Hicks and Lucy, train care skipping across earth, careening through the air.    
107) 8) text: He stands, bruised and bloody, staring at the sky. Watchi A dazed Hicks beside him, Lucy in his arms as she comes t A HORRENDOUS SCREECH fills the air. Led by the Purebloods, HUNDREDS OF VAMPIRES fly out from within the broken cars, taking to the sky in a massive bl swarm, tangling together in flowing shapes. Beautiful. Terrifying. Then in one horrible instant -- They TURN as if guided by an unseen hand, flying towards Cities. Sensing the blood that awaits. HICKS (HORRIFIED)
108) 0) text: The sun setting on the horizon. A nearby PYRE consumes the last of the Priestess' body as saddles up on a vampire bike, the flames rising behind hi Hicks approaches, Lucy huddled in a blanket, shivering. The two men exchange a look, the snap and flash of the fi reflecting in their eyes. HICKS
108) 1) text: When you're finished -- You know where to find me. A tense beat then Priest GUNS the engine. Hicks and Lucy watching as he bla towards the Cities, the sky above the color of hellfire. CUT TO:
115) 0) text: Time has passed. The moon shines through an open doorway. Lucy lies in bed, Aaron spoon feeding her a warm broth. H smiles, Lucy reluctant to smile back, still uncomfortable with her teeth. But eventually -- for her father...she manages it. HICKS
115) 1) text: Leans against the backwall watching. Lucy glances his way... then shyly looks away. AARON
117) 5) text: Nothing to worry about, just a coyote. Aaron smiles, happy enough to be with Lucy. AARON
117) 9) text: I think it's for you...and Lucy. CUT TO: