0) 0) text: The following is shot DOCUMENTARY-STYLE. A GIRLS VOLLEYBALL GAME has just ended. It was a big game championship. ONE TEAM is CELEBRATING -- jumping up and down, squealing hugging each other. We are focused on the bench of the TE LOST. They're very sad -- several are crying. One girl, in particular, (AMY) is really sobbing. She's s stained, tired and just blubbering. Stuff's coming out of her nose, her mouth and the camera is seeing it all. The COACH, a fortyish man looks at all the weeping girls particular.
0) 2) text: He KICKS a CHAIR. Now Amy is really a mess. She's crying, coughing, shaking
1) 12) text: Silence. No movement at all.
2) 0) text: A BUS passes. On the bus is an ad. It says, "Would you like to star in your own TV show? Call Real TV (and a phone number) Coming (and a date)."
3) 0) text: This is a nice upscale pool hall. A party is in progress special private area -- a room upstairs let's say -- a lo Thirty or forty PEOPLE in their twenties and thirties are informally celebrating the engagement of two of their fri It's NOISY, it's fun, it's informal. It's not a high-end By that we mean, not, for the most part young lawyers or stockbrokers. They're mostly blue-collar. Community colle graduates. WE OPEN ON ED PEKURNY. He's an attractive man, about thir There's still something a little juvenile about him -- no stupid, just boyish. SOMEONE is VIDEOTAPING HIM for one of those congratulatio montage things that are done at parties these days. Ed is at this. He's not professional but he's a loosey-goosey g who's kind of good on camera.
5) 7) text: She hesitates, but she really doesn't mind. Slightly, amu takes her FIST and fits it completely INTO her MOUTH.
7) 6) text: They walk over.
9) 0) text: This is a video store in Paramus, New Jersey. It's busy. PEOPLE are in line to check out tapes. WE OPEN ON a WOMAN -- a mother -- who is rummaging throug purse for her Blockbuster card. She looks up and sees tha TWO CHILDREN have opened several boxes of candy from the display and are eating from the boxes.
9) 2) text: She grabs the boxes from them. The boxes are ripped more thought and candy goes flying all over. She bends to pick Ed appears. He works here.
10) 0) text: Ed is being interviewed by the "Real TV" staff whom we me He's slightly less comfortable than on his tape, but he's
18) 2) text: Ed's image freezes, while he has a funny-cute expression his face. PULL BACK TO REVEAL a TV in a conference room with Ed's frozen image on it. Cynthia is there with her bosses, the people who run the network that owns Real TV. The top man MR. SCHARLACH. His deputies are MS. SEAVER and MR. McILVA This is not the same place where we met Cynthia and her staff. This is richer, more corporate and formal.
18) 10) text: She stops, waiting for approval.
21) 0) text: Moderate-priced, restaurant. WE OPEN ON a CLOSE-UP of AL. He's about seventy.
21) 2) dialog: What happens when you go to the bathroom? Do they go in with you?
21) 3) text: Ed, Ray, Al, JEANETTE and MARCIA. Al is in a WHEELCHAIR a oxygen mask connected to a tank. He periodically takes a oxygen. He's a little short of breath, but loves to talk. is Ed's mother -- about sixty. Marcia is a little older t
21) 5) dialog: What if--you're vomiting?
21) 7) dialog: Do they show it?
21) 27) dialog: How about sex?
21) 28) text: A STUNNED pause. They all look at Al.
21) 30) dialog: No! Do they show you having sex?
21) 32) dialog: At what point?
22) 0) text: A WORKMAN is drilling a hole in the wall. Ed is there with a TV CREW. They're running cable and dri examining the apartment. Cynthia is going around supervising. Ray and Shari are th fascinated. Ed is tense. Shari is observant. Ray separate and Shari and asks one of the Installers a technical ques
23) 7) text: They all CRUCKLE.
25) 0) text: Written on the screen -- "Day one." A DIRECTOR and TECHNICAL CREW with all the modern equipme
26) 0) text: Cynthia and her staff are gathered to watch the show begi They're TENSE and EXCITED. A commercial is on.
28) 2) text: On the TV, the commercial ends and the Real TV logo appea
31) 0) text: They're not enjoying this. Everyone's staring at Cynthia. doesn't flinch. NOTE: Silent advertising runs along the bottom of the scr
32) 0) text: Ed enters, dressed and showered. The Steady-cam is in his face. Ed is tight. He's much less comfortable than he expected be. He smiles stiffly at the camera. He's misplaced his natural charm. He gets a box of Pop-tarts out of the freezer. As he does other stuff falls out of the freezer on to the floor. He' embarrassed. He bends down to pick things up, showing his to the camera.
34) 0) text: Ed is sitting up on the kitchen counter eating his Pop-ta a bowl of cereal.
34) 2) text: He takes a KNIFE and a BANANA. He peels the banana. He ho knife, blade up, over the cereal and chops down on it wit banana, several times, rapidly, slicing it into the cerea proud of this.
36) 0) text: Jeanette and Al watching Ed.
41) 1) text: CAMERA OPERATORS. They're signaling Ed to get out.
43) 0) text: Ed exits the building with the Operators walking backward of him, bumping into PEOPLE- People watch, curiously. Ed reaches his car. He takes out his keys and drops them puddle. Disgusted, he fishes them out.
45) 0) text: Ed, in the car. He can barely fit the key into the igniti in the passenger seat taps him on the arm. Ed looks up. C up a hastily-made sign. "It's okay. Relax, man." Carlos W does help Ed. He appreciates it. He drives. WE SEE the control truck in motion. We also see another c with another Steady-cam OPERATOR, shooting Ed's car as th travel.
46) 0) text: Ed is doing his morning errands. A little shopping -- a l banking -- always ON CAMERA. At one point, he WALKS INTO GLASS DOOR with the word "Pull" on it. He pushed,  banging his forehead. A CHILD points to the word "Pull." to the camera, embarrassed. Later he buys a slice of pizz little place that's doing no business.
46) 2) text: As he walks down the street, PEOPLE call out "Hey Ed!" Pe in windows show him that they're watching him at that exa moment. The camera shoots some of the people in the windows. They themselves on TV and they go wild. Ed also is confronted GUYS grabbing their crotches mockingly, calling out thing like "Hey, Ed, holding your own?" or "Hey, Ed, howls the ballroom." Ed is slightly chagrined by all this, but hand it with good grace. He seems to be loosening up.
47) 0) text: Ed arrives at work. The store is already open. (Ed usuall gets there in the afternoon and stays until closing.) CUSTOMERS are a little stunned by the arrival of a camera Some know what it's about some don't. The CLERKS are aware of what's going on. They all signed releases. Ed's BOSS greets him stiffly. Clearly he's tryi to get face-time on camera.
49) 5) text: He changes the channel. She changes it back. He doesn't g at all. RAPID CUTS of VARIOUS PEOPLE around America, watching -- young guy, a woman alone -- ending with a few college-age appears to be a dorm room. ONE GIRL is watching intently. Her roommates are mostly j hanging around not really watching.
50) 0) text: Ed is walking. He passes the little pizza place he touted There's a LINE out into the street. The STOREOWNER is wor - deliriously happy. Ed passes, oblivious to what he's cr
53) 0) text: It's late. She's alone. She's ON the PHONE. She's coming
53) 2) text: As she talks, she tries to LIGHT a CIGARETTE. She's shaki much to use her lighter.
54) 4) text: One of the cameras is very close to John. He's very SELFCONSCIOUS. He doesn't look where he's walking. He trips. PEOPLE LAUGH.
58) 20) text: She LAUGHS. They smile at each other. They make intermitt eye-contact a little self-consciously. Ed finally looks somewhere else and Shari, for just a mom stares right at him. PULL BACK to TWO GUYS, watching this on TV in a bar -- mo a neighborhood bar.
62) 0) text: Ed is at his kitchen table with several burly DEMONSTRATO arrayed behind him. Ed is NERVOUSLY, READING from a sheet paper while Carlos shoots.
62) 6) text: QUICK CUTS of Ed, getting his laundry, doing some shoppin getting his oil changed, all being shot by a CAMERA PERSO
63) 0) text: A YOUNG DENTAL HYGIENIST is cleaning Ed's teeth. The came practically right in his mouth. It's making the Hygienist NERVOUS. She's distracted. She hurts Ed. He SCREAMS. She SCREAMS. She drops her tools.
64) 0) text: It's an educational-type panel discussion involving vario eggheads and pundits. It's called "Viewpoint."
64) 6) text: They all agree.
65) 0) text: OPEN ON Ray with chopsticks up his nose, imitating a walr Also, he has lo mein noodles protruding from between his Ed is forcing a smile. Ray is wearing a tee-shirt that sa "Ray and Bucky- Video Kings" with a phone number.
66) 0) text: Cynthia is alone working late. She's drinking. She's watc Ray. She's not enjoying him.
67) 0) text: Ed is sitting up in bed, wearing shorts and a tee-shirt, directly out of a cereal box.
70) 0) text: Ed is walking. PEOPLE YELL at him.
70) 2) text: The Guy LAUGHS like he really got in a good one. Ed ignor TWO TEENAGERS run in, one has a camera and quickly snaps picture of Ed and the other Guy. Merrily, they shake his and run off, whooping. There are PEOPLE who trail along. Many of them will show again and again, throughout the movie, following Ed. Some them will look mentally or emotionally impaired.
71) 5) text: The door opens a crack, revealing Ray in a bathrobe. Ray' look is unwelcoming.
71) 16) text: Ray looks pained. Ed realizes what's happening and freeze Ray's phone RINGS.
71) 18) text: He turns to answer his phone, allowing the door to swing a little. Ed can see into the kitchen. He sees a WOMAN, wearing just panties, facing away from him, searching for glasses.
72) 0) text: Ed is TIP-TOEING away. He stops when Ray calls him. Ray ' out into the hallway after him. They speak with lowered voices.
74) 14) text: Rita isn't sure how much she should reveal.
80) 0) text: Ed realizes that Ray's been called a "bad lay" on televis
85) 2) text: He dials the phone.
94) 0) text: Ed and Shari are all over each other. They're breathless.
94) 13) text: She nods. He walks to the door.
98) 1) dialog: 
98) 3) text: Al is in his wheelchair and taking periodic hits off an o mask connected to a tank. Al's watching himself on TV.
98) 4) dialog: (excited) Look. It's me.
98) 7) dialog: Anything good?
98) 11) dialog: She's in the kitchen. I'd yell for her, but I'd die. (sucks more oxygen) You had a busy night last night.
98) 33) dialog: What do you love her or something?
98) 35) dialog: (teasing) Look at your face. I had a car that color.
98) 36) text: VARIOUS REACTIONS OF VIEWERS really liking this.
99) 2) text: The Real TV group is there. They're smiling. Cynthia is ON the PHONE
99) 4) text: They all WHOOP and LAUGH.
101) 0) text: Ed arrives for work. People CALL OUT to him-- PEDESTRIANS, PEOPLE FROM CARS, T DRIVERS. "Hey Ed, my man." Ed waves. People shake his han A teenage boy looks into the camera, making a funny face. Someone else looks into the camera and says, "Hi, Ma." Suddenly, Ray is there with a WOMAN. Ray is not happy. He wearing DARK GLASSES and a HAT.
101) 15) text: Ed thinks he means to fight. Ed tries to calm him.
102) 0) text: Cynthia and her staff, around a conference call box.
103) 13) text: She PANTOMIMES for them to stay in the room, but be quiet staff scrape chair legs and feign movement and ad lib "By "See you, buddy" etc. They all stay.
104) 9) text: ANGRILY, the Woman signs and slams the door. She heads back to her truck. She looks up and Ed is there flowers. The TV cameras are there also. Shari is startled But she's also glad to see him.
105) 1) text: Ed and Shari dating. She's shy, but she really likes Ed. likes her and is very sweet to her. 1) Ed and Shari some place like "Tavern on the Green." Sh looks pretty. He's very happy. 2) They come out of a club. TOURISTS photograph them. Sha is a little disconcerted. Ed takes out a little camera of own and photographs the tourists. This makes Shari laugh relaxes her.
106) 0) text: It's very CROWDED. Claustrophobic. Loud. Ed and Shari ent just to see the show. They're spotted. The Crowd, which is already fired up by the music, sees t It starts out okay, people crowding around, patting Ed on back. A CHANT begins "Ed, Ed, Ed..." Pretty soon it drowns out music. More people press towards Ed. It's too crowded -- dangero Shari is swept away from Ed. She's buffeted about, violen She goes down. Ed can't move. The Crowd is friendly and happy, but the effect is scary.
111) 0) text: Ed and Shari get up to leave. They look at each other, ve affectionately. They want to kiss. The cameras are close. Ed is wearing a jacket. He spreads it out wide to block Shari's face from the cameras. He leans in and they KISS the lips, several times, while Ed's jacket screens off th cameras. They're in love.
115) 0) text: Ed and Shari are on a date. A WAITRESS is taking their or Shari still seems a little self-conscious, but Ed is havi ball.
118) 0) text: Cliff is in the middle of his show. He's wearing a PORTABLE ORGAN. He's not great. He's a sma professional with a lot of pep. Marcia is beaming. Ed's cameras are shooting him. CUTS OF Cliff, singing every type of song, imaginable. Th guy is desperately trying to cover all the bases -- i.e. Sinatra-type standards, something from "Lion King", "Do Y Think I'm Sexy," "Smokin' in the Boy's Room," "Hey, Hey, the Monkees," the theme from "Hawaii Five-0," a rap numbe "Ave Maria."
119) 11) text: She indicates the camera. Ed tries to allay her fears.
121) 10) text: ANGLE ON JILL IN THE HALLWAY (We met her earlier in a cut She's saying good-bye to a CASTING ASSISTANT.
121) 12) text: Jill looks up, sees Ed and walks right up to him
125) 9) text: The same eggheads who, earlier, had no interest in Ed. No they're all worked up.
125) 14) text: They all nod.
126) 10) text: He PICKS UP a baseball bat and crosses to the door. He opens the door. A handsome man in his early sixties is there. His name is HANK.
128) 0) text: Marcia is with her half-Asian son ANDY. She's serving his dinner. OFF-CAMERA we HEAR Cliff SINGING and the DOG HOWL in distress. Glancing at the television, Marcia gasps.
131) 0) text: The Real TV staff react. Cynthia looks over-- stunned.
132) 0) text: Written on the screen -- "Day 35" Ed and his mother are arguing. Al is sucking oxygen and h pile of "People" magazines with Ed on the cover. A REPAIR is fixing the refrigerator. All their food is out and mel Jeanette is trying to preserve food in an ice chest while argues with Ed.
132) 3) dialog: (to Ed) Sign this one to Nancy. She's the nurse who handles my urine.
132) 7) text: Al takes a loud breath.
132) 19) dialog: This one to Dr. Bamajian. Maybe he won't make me wait an hour.
132) 24) dialog: Whatever happened to Norman Rockwell?
132) 26) dialog: Norman Rockwell. He painted magazine covers. Folksy. A mailman, a boy scout, a kid visiting a doctor...
132) 28) dialog: They celebrated the common person.
132) 30) dialog: No. Only celebrities now. Now, if you put a mailman on the cover of a magazine he'd better have killed someone or no one will buy it. This one to Dr. Rumpley.
132) 45) text: Al breathes loudly.
132) 50) dialog: Jeanette, you're hurting me.
132) 52) text: Al breathes loudly.
132) 58) dialog: (to Ed) Have I ever said a bad word to you about your father?
132) 60) dialog: Well, now I will. He was a crazy mean, son-of-a-bitch.
132) 61) text: Al starts to wheel himself out. Ed looks weary.
132) 62) dialog: But he was your father.
135) 0) text: Ed shuts the door. He takes his PORTABLE PHONE OUT of a bathroom drawer. (He stashed it there.) He makes a call a waits.
138) 2) text: She looks down the hallway.
139) 13) text: He TOUCHES her. They KISS. Then again. Their hands are roaming. They're hot. They're breathing hard. He's unbuttoning her blouse. Their hands are all over each oth Her blouse comes off. LIGHTS GO ON. They see cameras, shooting at them. Shari SCREAMS and covers her breasts.
144) 2) text: The BODYGUARD is pulling her out. REVEAL that Scharlach, McIlvaine, Seaver, Cynthia and Gre all watching. McILVAINE What is she holding?
146) 0) text: Ed is walking from his car to a building. CROWDS are behi barricades. They YELL at Ed as he passes. Ed is used to t
150) 10) text: OPEN ON ANDY, Ed's half-Asian nephew. He's eight. He's wearing a baseball glove.
150) 13) text: REVEAL ED, also wearing a baseball glove. He throws a hig up to Andy. Andy staggers around and almost catches it.
150) 17) text: REVEAL JILL, walking a DOG. it takes just a second to recognize her.
150) 19) text: Ed is hit with the ball.
150) 21) text: REVEAL the Real TV Staff watching this on television in t office. As Ed and Jill chat in the background.
151) 5) text: He looks for his watch on the wrong wrist, then seems to all around his body until he discovers it.
152) 0) text: Written on the screen -- "Day 48" Ed is walking, the camera following. He looks tense. Peop SHOUT "Hey, Ed" "Ed-die" etc.
152) 7) text: Ed continues down the street. People YELL to him "Good lu tonight," "We're rooting for you" etc. A STREET CHARACTER walks alongside for a minute.
152) 9) text: Security grabs him and the vial falls and breaks. The liq hits the pavement and smokes up.
157) 0) text: Several high-school age BOYS. They have made themselves l like Ed. They're very excited.
160) 0) text: A LONG SHOT encompasses all the houses on the block. Thei living room TV's are visible. All but one are tuned to Ed
167) 6) text: He looks at her apologetically.
168) 0) text: Ed is being loaded into an AMBULANCE. He looks humiliated PEOPLE in the street are applauding politely as if Ed wer injured ballplayer being carried off the field. Jill is b ambulance. She's PETTING a CAT who looks all right. PHOTOGRAPHERS are taking her picture. She's posing willin The ambulance drives off as Jill continues to pose.
172) 4) text: The door opens REVEALING Ed's father.
173) 18) text: Ed doesn't know what to say. He's bitter towards Hank, bu there's also some empathy.
173) 28) text: He exits. Out in the hallway, he leans back against the d drained. The camera is right on him, soaking it up.
174) 0) text: The same PBS-type panel of smart-looking people we met ea WE OPEN ON about half the panel.
174) 2) text: REVEAL JOHN, sitting comfortably on the panel, looking ve wise.
175) 0) text: A MAN, on the sidewalk, has a STUFFED CAT stuck to his ba tease Ed.
178) 6) text: REVEAL that they are watching Joma. On the TV -- Joma is eating dinner in his apartment with TWO attractive WOMEN, apparently, both live there. Joma is upset (but he's funn when he's upset). What's upsetting him is that across the alley, in a window of another building, he can plainly se OVERWEIGHT MAN, with his shirt off, exercising. The overw man is apparently watching an exercise video and is bounc and down in place causing everything to jiggle unpleasant
181) 0) text: Tad is watching TV and talking an the phone.
182) 17) text: Eddie looks across the room and sees Al in his wheelchair entering from outside. He wheels towards Ed.
182) 18) dialog: How's your mother?
182) 20) dialog: Our neighbors gave me a ride.
182) 22) dialog: Where is she? Is she all right?
184) 1) dialog: You thought it was me?
184) 3) dialog: It's your father. Hank. Your mother went to see him and he had a heart attack.
184) 12) dialog: The Burkharts drove me. Are you all right?
184) 14) dialog: Good. I gotta pee.
184) 15) text: He wheels off. Jeanette and Ed are left alone.
184) 32) text: Al comes rolling back, SINGING.
184) 33) dialog: "Lovely Rita, the Meter Maid...
185) 3) text: OPRAH or RICKI or GERALDO or someone.
186) 3) text: REVEAL ED watching this discussion on TV.
188) 0) text: Ed is driving Jeanette and Al to the funeral. A CROWD is POLICE. Someone yells "Adulterer". Someone else tries to lunchbox. Someone else is carrying a sign "What a Way to
189) 0) text: Hank's COFFIN is being carried to his gravesite. Ed, Ray are pall bearers. One of the others pall bearers is Ed's The OTHERS TWO are two guys who work for the mortuary. Ca shooting.
190) 0) text: The service ends. The small group begins to walk away. Ra and Marcia go off together, ignoring Ed. Jeanette is attempting to wheel Al away from the grave, but she's hit ruts. Ed approaches.
190) 3) dialog: Right.
190) 4) text: She touches him but he pulls away. Ed wheels Al.
190) 6) dialog: I'm moving out.
190) 8) dialog: I'm going to be living with my brother. He's not in such good shape as I am, but... I'm looking forward to the pillow fights.
190) 10) dialog: Hank was always good with the ladies. Always good-looking. Hell, he's been dead for two days, he still looks better than me.
190) 11) text: He stops wheeling and crouches down next to Al.
190) 14) dialog: I love you, too.
190) 15) text: Al KISSES him.
190) 16) dialog: I'11 build a pirate ship with you.
192) 0) text: This place is sleazy. Ed enters, worn out. He crosses to bar where we find, Jeanette nursing a drink. She's not dr but she is wallowing.
194) 0) text: Ed is there along with Cynthia and the Network Execs. The are more execs than before. Cynthia's people are not ther This entire meeting is on ED TV. Cynthia is quiet - observing. Ed looks whipped.
194) 10) text: Silence. What the hell is he talking about?
194) 12) text: They still have no idea what he's talking about.
197) 0) text: Ed WALKING ZOMBIE-LIKE- CROWDS SWARM.
199) 0) text: Ed is sitting alone, eating lunch. He's surrounded by cam and shielded by BODYGUARDS. OUTSIDE the diner a CROWD of rubberneckers is out on the sidewalk, looking in at him, some of them acting up, some staring in. Ed is tired. He glances out the window and ma a MONKEY FACE. Suddenly, he FREEZES. He sees Shari's face in the crowd. She puts her fist in h
200) 0) text: Ed and Shari are walking -- on camera.
201) 0) text: Big meeting. Many Honchos, including Scharlach and Cynthi All but Cynthia are focused. Cynthia looks bored. HONCHO #l I think this could be great. What if Ed and Shari decide to get married? A wedding? The cute, little half-Asian nephew in a tuxedo, carrying the ring on one of those big fluffy pillows - we'11 kill. A sixty share.
203) 2) text: In the conference room one of the Execs looks DIZZY. The CAMERA PANS to Al on the phone.
203) 3) dialog: (shocked) He pays a prostitute to do what to him? I don't even want that on my shoes.
204) 4) text: Ed grabs a sealed ENVELOPE. Andy plays a DRUM ROLL -- not terribly well.
210) 2) text: A SHOT OF a television set tuned to Ed. Suddenly Ed is replaced by a Real TV logo.
215) 2) text: WE SEE Joma walking into his building. Somebody steps for with a GUN. The ASSAILANT is jostled as he shoots and the bullet hits Joma in the ass. He falls to the sidewalk.
215) 6) text: REVEAL Ed and Shari watching this on television.