54) 0) text: John drops an armload of books into a library cart, each having something to do with prison or prison life. He sits at a table at the back, flipping through them one a time and discards each in turn. As the shadows grow longer we find him staring at the com screen linked to the school system. ON THE SCREEN: a book summary disappears, to be replaced the school search engine -- many of the items have alread been inspected. John finds one that reads "Over The Walls He clicks on the link and the title page appears. The aut is DAMON PENNINGTON. There's a photo of him. The caption reads that he LIVES IN BROOKLYN, NY.
56) 0) text: A couple of guys at the bar yell at the dog race on the T screen. DAMON hands John a beer and nods toward a table.
56) 5) dialog: Somebody else had dibs on Papillon?
56) 7) text: Damon lights a cigarette.       A TOUGH GUY nearby object
56) 9) dialog: Yeah, who would want to cut short your precious life?
56) 10) text: Damon takes a deep drag.
56) 12) dialog: Go for it, it can't be used as evidence. What do you want to know?
56) 15) dialog: Balls and a little luck. (beat) No prison in the world is airtight. Each one has a key. You have to find it.
56) 17) dialog: A lot of looking. Especially at things that break the daily routine. Guards get comfortable doing the same thing every day. Something happens where they have to think, adapt.
56) 22) dialog: That's when they will make mistakes. But when you see it you have to be ready. You have to have the entire plan already in place before you even know how you are going to get out of the jail. Escaping is easy; the hardest part is staying free.
57) 0) text: The tape recorder plays Damon's voice; John tears large s of art paper from a pad and tacks them to his bedroom wal
57) 1) dialog: You have to know where you are going to go and how you are going to get there. You have to know how they plan to catch you, where, and when.
57) 4) dialog: You pay off someone who knows. And a lot depends on if the prison is in the country or the city.
58) 2) text: That came out too quickly. Damon now understands. John sits, silent, knowing he blew it. Damon takes his time.
58) 3) dialog: Where are you from?
58) 5) dialog: Pittsburgh is tough; so many bridges and tunnels they can block off.
59) 4) dialog: From the time they make the call, the police can have the center of the city sealed tight in fifteen minutes.
60) 2) dialog: After 9-11 Homeland Security made every city have a lock-down plan -- downtown Pittsburgh, Philly, Boston, Minneapolis -- fifteen minutes. They can do DC in under ten.
61) 1) dialog: Within thirty-five minutes they will have cops at every tollbooth on the interstate --
62) 1) dialog: And be running rolling stops on the secondary roads. They won't have your photograph yet, but they will have your description.
64) 2) dialog: Then surrender.
64) 7) dialog: Because they will shoot you on sight, along with anyone you are with.
65) 1) dialog: Stay far away from the train and bus stations.
66) 1) dialog: Forget the local airports.   Leave from another state.
68) 1) dialog: Second: identity. It's easy to find fake papers, harder to find ones that will get you through an airport.
69) 1) dialog: You'll need a passport, driver's license and a social security number.
70) 1) dialog: If you have to rent a car, find a place that will take a cash deposit. They'll still run a credit check, so use a real person's name on the ID. (beat) Third: destination.
71) 4) dialog: You want somewhere that doesn't attract American tourists and doesn't get American newspapers. Think Yemen and you get the idea.
72) 1) dialog: Then money.
73) 1) dialog: You need a truck load of it. Everything's expensive: hotels, travel, information.
74) 2) dialog: Enough to last at least five-six years. Run out of money and you run out of friends.
76) 1) dialog: But before you do anything, you have to ask yourself if you can do it. Can you forget about ever seeing your parents again. Can you kill a guard, leave your kid at a gas station, push a nice old lady to the ground because she is between you and the door? Because to do this thing, that's who you have to become. And if you can't, don't start, because you'll just get someone killed.
78) 1) dialog: I gave myself up. I couldn't take wondering when someone was going to come through the bedroom door. (beat)
78) 4) dialog: What do you have in your pocket? John opens his billfold.   Damon takes the cash, leaves h twenty.
353) 0) text: Damon takes the money from John's wallet, leaves him with twenty.
353) 1) dialog: Good luck.
353) 2) text: Damon leaves him there. As John wonders if he is capable doing this, we cut to BLACK. Read: