197) 0) text: John watches as other cars drive up and score drugs. And then finally the flashy car cruises up again. John checks his watch: it has been two hours. Again the street dealer runs up and hands the driver an envelope. We recognize th driver -- he is the one from earlier, whom we are going t call DAVID. He drives away. John follows.
199) 0) text: Not the best part of town. It looks rough even for The Hi The flashy car parks and David crosses the street. Half a block back, John turns left at the corner and then makes a quick right into the alley. He guesses how many houses from the corner David stopped, gets out and checks over the fences. He stops a few houses away when he sees the porch light o house flick on. David waits on the dilapidated back porch He waves to whoever is watching him through the pinhole a the light goes out again.
200) 0) text: John WAKES to HAMMERING on the door. The porch light flic on and John is bathed in bright light -- he didn't realiz he'd fallen asleep. David stands above him on the porch, holding the screen door open -- if he glanced down there no way he wouldn't see him. John holds his     breath and waits. The porch light flic off, the locks     are unbolted, and finally the thick do As before, the     two exchange words, but now the POUNDI John's ears is     so loud we can barely hear anything el John takes a deep breath and springs to his feet -- knock over the trash cans -- and onto the porch! He smacks David with the gun, grabs him by the hair and j him forward into the doorway, preventing the supplier -- ALEX -- from slamming the door on them.
201) 0) text: Alex releases his BARKING German shepherd and it immediat attacks David, biting his leg. David screams in agony.
201) 2) text: Suddenly a THUG comes barreling in from the kitchen and a a sawed-off shotgun at John, who keeps himself right behi David's head. The dialogue is almost drowned out complete by the sound of POUNDING in John's ears and David's SCREA
201) 31) text: Alex doesn't obey, so David grabs it and hands it to him. John props it under the handle of the closet door.
201) 33) text: He shoves David forward, closer to Alex.
201) 35) dialog: I didn't do anything!!
201) 37) dialog: I didn't bring him!
202) 0) text: John shoves David to the floor and waves the gun between them.
202) 3) dialog: I can't kneel!
202) 5) text: David kneels with great difficulty.         Alex calmly d he's told, his eyes on John.
202) 10) dialog: That's twelve hundred dollars! (emptying his pockets) Here, take it.
202) 22) dialog: Give him your money!
202) 28) dialog: Stop it!!
202) 39) dialog: Oh Jesus.    Oh Jesus.
202) 50) text: Without warning, Alex dashes for the front hall. Stunned, John doesn't shoot. He grabs David by the hair, sticks th gun in his temple and shoves him into the front hall.
202) 51) dialog: Let me go!!
202) 54) dialog: The house is going to explode!
203) 0) text: John moves David quickly up the stairs in front of him an down the hall. They peer into one room, nothing. Into the next - what is clearly a CHILD'S ROOM. Alex kneels on the far side of the room, barely visible b the small bed, his back to us. Until he wheels, gun in hand, and FIRES twice. A bullet strikes David in the chest, the second grazes Jo side. Both men are knocked back into the hall and onto th floor. John pulls himself out from under David as... Running on adrenaline, Alex stands and strides forward. David looks up at him. Alex shoots him again and steps ov him into the hall. He sees John, raises his weapon and... John fires twice, hits Alex in the chest, knocking him do
205) 0) text: John steps over the bodies; sees David looking up at him.
205) 1) dialog: Don't leave me. I don't want to burn. Don't let me burn.
206) 0) text: John carries David past the closet just as the thug's boo kicks a hole in the door. Cut to BLACK.
209) 1) dialog: I don't want to die.   I don't want to die. Now at a safe distance, John pulls over and looks into th back seat. We don't have to see the body to know he's dea John sits there a moment, listening to the sounds of approaching fire engines. He catches a glimpse of himself in the rearview mirror before pulling out. Cut to BLACK.
210) 0) text: John's car idles at the curb, his back door sits open. He steps back into shot from the far side of the Prius, clos the door and gets in. As he drives away we see David's bo lying on the bench, waiting to be discovered.