2) 0) text: Two couples sit at a table, picking at dessert, JOHN and LARA BRENNAN on one side, MICK and ERIT on the other. JOH is attractive in a worn kind of way, but has the eyes of kid with a discipline problem. You have to really know hi to understand if he is mocking you or agreeing with you. is a master of irony and has a true enjoyment of the absu LARA looks beautiful even in her wrinkled suit. She appea to have had a hard day at the office. She's been drinking at dinner; it hasn't eased her nerves. John's good-lookin brother, MICK, boasts his blue collar roots and a gorgeou if slightly trashy, girlfriend, ERIT, who isn't ashamed o her body or sharing her opinions. JOHN and MICK are laugh Lara puts cash on the tray beside Mick's credit card.
2) 2) dialog: Sue me. I just know that women should never work for women. John laughs and applauds.   Mick buries his head.
2) 4) dialog: They're always threatened. Especially if you're beautiful and they're not.
2) 6) dialog: So, your boss isn't threatened by you?
2) 12) dialog: And you would describe her as "attractive"?
2) 14) dialog: And there is my answer.
2) 16) dialog: Women should work under men, men under women. That's it.
2) 19) dialog: That's fine, too. (the men burst into laughter)
2) 23) dialog: (insulted, shoots back)
2) 26) dialog: You have a problem with that, too?                       
2) 31) dialog: What is up your ass tonight?? Mick throws John a "This is all your fault and now it is going to explode" look. John feigns complete innocence.
2) 33) dialog: (claws out now)
2) 36) dialog: -- You know what your problem is?!
3) 0) text: Mick and Erit head toward Mick's sporty pickup.     John Lara step into foreground, Lara still fuming.
35) 0) text: John, Mick and Grace sit in the worn wicker chairs on the back porch. Erit steps out with beers to replace their empties. She sits and they stare off, watching Luke and George play with the dog. After a moment Erit looks to Jo
35) 1) dialog: I know you won't want to hear this...
322) 0) text: Nabulsi comes out of his office, passing a waiting ERIT.
322) 1) dialog: Excuse me?   You call this coffee?