34) 0) text: MICK opens the door. GRACE, their mother, looks up from clearing the lunch dishes. John's face tells them everyth they need to know. Mick slams his fist against the door. In the back yard with Luke, GEORGE, John's father turns t see Grace tearfully embrace John. George looks away, uncomfortable, and distracts Luke's attention.
35) 0) text: John, Mick and Grace sit in the worn wicker chairs on the back porch. Erit steps out with beers to replace their empties. She sits and they stare off, watching Luke and George play with the dog. After a moment Erit looks to Jo
101) 0) text: Luke, John and George stand in the foyer, Luke with his c sized, brightly-colored overnight bag. John pulls off Luk coat, kisses him on the head and looks up at George.
115) 18) text: John turns and sees GEORGE standing in the open doorway. has heard everything. He gives his son a dismissive look and walks off towards his bedroom. John feels like a heel
115) 20) text: Luke does, and the two of them leave with his bag. 116   EXT. GRACE &amp; GEORGE'S - INSIDE THE PRIUS -- DAY John gets in and checks his mirror.   Luke is staring at
194) 0) text: Grace opens the door. George stands a few steps behind he quiet. Grace sees John and is immediately concerned.
195) 0) text: John's father watches through the window as his son leave In his gut, George knows something is wrong.
216) 3) dialog: John?    Are you alright? John turns around, surprised.
218) 0) text: George slips the tickets and passports out of the side po We do not see the destination, but he does. He opens the passport and reads each of the false names.
221) 14) dialog: Goodbye.
221) 15) text: George grabs his son in an awkward hug.      John is shoc He pats his father's back. They break.
326) 6) text: Track to the next room, where Nabulsi questions George.
326) 8) dialog: I told you.    We never spoke.
326) 9) text: George stares Nabulsi down.
343) 0) text: Sitting in his pajamas, George flips open an ancient atla and runs his finger down across the Gulf of Mexico to Car Venezuela. And he thinks of his grandson and smiles.