1) 0) text: No sound. We are in a speeding SUV. The passenger, LARA, unsnaps her seat belt and reaches for the door handle. Th driver, JOHN, sees her door open and dives to GRAB her. T SUV spins, HORNS BLARE, TIRES SCREECH, cars swerve to avo collision. We aren't sure what is happening, but we know something has gone terribly wrong. Cut to BLACK. Read:
2) 0) text: Two couples sit at a table, picking at dessert, JOHN and LARA BRENNAN on one side, MICK and ERIT on the other. JOH is attractive in a worn kind of way, but has the eyes of kid with a discipline problem. You have to really know hi to understand if he is mocking you or agreeing with you. is a master of irony and has a true enjoyment of the absu LARA looks beautiful even in her wrinkled suit. She appea to have had a hard day at the office. She's been drinking at dinner; it hasn't eased her nerves. John's good-lookin brother, MICK, boasts his blue collar roots and a gorgeou if slightly trashy, girlfriend, ERIT, who isn't ashamed o her body or sharing her opinions. JOHN and MICK are laugh Lara puts cash on the tray beside Mick's credit card.
2) 1) dialog: You know what? If you were smart you would stop talking right now.
2) 3) dialog: How can you say that??
2) 5) dialog: Erit, you are so full of shit.
2) 10) dialog: Because she's a bitch! -- (as John and Mick laugh)                             
2) 13) dialog: That has nothing to do with it!
2) 24) text: Oh please, I'd rather work under him, too. That was a dig at Mick but Lara is primed for a fight.
2) 25) dialog: You'd rather "work under" John?
2) 30) dialog: No, why would I have a problem with your little sexual innuendo?
2) 32) dialog: So, I shouldn't take offense that you're coming on to my husband right in front of me.
2) 34) text: Lara, if I wanted your husband I would have him.
2) 35) dialog: How? You couldn't possibly show him more of your tits. The men are on their feet before blows are exchanged.
3) 0) text: Mick and Erit head toward Mick's sporty pickup.     John Lara step into foreground, Lara still fuming.
3) 2) dialog: DON'T try and agree with me now.
3) 4) dialog: Shut up.
3) 9) dialog: We went to her office party, idiot.
3) 11) dialog: You are completely delusional. She wasn't even hitting on you in there; I just don't like her.
3) 13) dialog: You are such an asshole.
4) 0) text: Lara and John enter, Lara carrying her raincoat, her hair sticking up in the back, John's shirt untucked.
4) 4) dialog: Hello! JENNA, the teenage baby-sitter, sees right through them.
4) 5) dialog: Did he cry?
6) 0) text: Lara comes down to find John paying Jenna. John nods for her to check the mirror. She tugs at the knot in her hair
7) 0) text: Lara wakes, troubled.      It's the middle of the night.
8) 0) text: Lara finds Luke's window closed but unlocked. She locks i and looks out. Satisfied, she sits and watches her son sl
9) 7) text: Your son is hopeless. Lara grabs her phone and leans over them to take a photo.
9) 8) dialog: Squeeze in tight.
9) 10) dialog: Smile.   It's just until he's eighteen. It flashes. Lara kisses John, puts an alien-looking elect toothbrush on the table &amp; walks off to pour coffee to
9) 11) dialog: Present.
9) 14) dialog: You hate brushing your teeth; this one brushes them in thirty seconds.
9) 18) dialog: (ignoring him)
9) 21) dialog: After yesterday I probably don't have a job anyway. Do you think it was wrong to call her a useless cow?
9) 26) dialog: (pulls note off fridge) Did you call your father?
9) 28) dialog: (heading for bathroom) "When?" Yesterday, for his birthday!
10) 0) text: Lara puts her foot up and jabs herself with insulin.
10) 2) dialog: You're completely impossible.
11) 2) text: Lara returns, trying hard not to smile.
11) 3) dialog: Ever think that someone has to be the bigger person here?
11) 5) dialog: How are you going to feel if Luke grows up and doesn't call you?
11) 6) text: Lara can't keep a straight face and heads to the foyer.
11) 11) dialog: I give up.
11) 13) text: Lara grabs her raincoat and notices a stain on the back shoulder. Irritated, she heads back to the bathroom.
12) 0) text: Lara rinses the stain under the sink, surprised to see it run red. She looks at her hands: blood. The doorbell ring
14) 0) text: Lara looks at her coat, wonders how the hell she got bloo on her shoulder. She rubs liquid soap into it.
16) 0) text: Lara steps from the bathroom and is met by Detective Coll She sees the coat with the water spot; nods to a team mem who takes it and bags it under:
16) 2) dialog: 
16) 5) dialog: She's dead??     Elizabeth is dead??
19) 6) text: John kisses Luke, who closes his eyes and snuggles his pi John reaches for the lamp. Beside it sits the framed phot that Lara snapped of the three of them that fateful morni He switches off the lamp, and the screen goes BLACK.
24) 0) text: John stares out the window at the city beyond.    Life se so close. He looks back into the large communal visiting room; a do round tables and plastic chairs. The concrete block walls are covered with naive paintings in bright colors and mes of hope. Luke plays at his feet with a basket of Legos. The door at the far side buzzes, a guard opens it and prisoners in red jump-suits marked VISITING ROOM enter. Lara enters and looks around. She is pale, thin and her hair has returned to its natural color. Lara hurries to h and gives him a real kiss. She breaks and steps to Luke, who plays with his back to her.
24) 1) dialog: Hi honey. Can Mommy get a kiss? (no response. Tickles him)
24) 4) dialog: Is Daddy reading you my letters?
24) 6) dialog: What are you building?    A fort? Lara pulls him into a hug; no response. She kisses his he and sits at the table with John. She squeezes his hand.
24) 7) dialog: Was he scared going to school?
24) 9) dialog: What did you make him for lunch?
24) 14) text: He hands her a pack of photos.      Lara devours them.
24) 15) dialog: Look at his friends.   And his desk. This is his teacher?
24) 17) dialog: You may have to move to another school district.
24) 19) dialog: (still looking at photos) How was your first day?
24) 21) dialog: When is she coming?
24) 23) dialog: It's only been a couple of years, I'm sure she'll get around to it. (beat) Have you heard anything?
24) 25) dialog: --Don't--
24) 30) dialog: I saw that woman. She was there. She couldn't have just disappeared.
24) 32) dialog: Her coat snagged my purse, I felt a button pop - they must have been blind not to find it.
24) 34) dialog: Great, because I haven't quite bankrupted us yet.
24) 36) dialog: (fondly) You just lie and lie. (strokes his face) But you are very handsome. (admiring him) Can you do me a favor?
24) 38) dialog: I need you to run for governor.
24) 40) dialog: You can change this rule about no conjugal visits, because I don't think I can last another twenty years.
24) 42) dialog: I'm okay.   I'm okay.
24) 48) dialog: You think he'll ever want to kiss me again?
25) 0) text: The prisoners file out and are patted down. Lara turns an blows Luke and John a kiss. They watch with the other visitors, who all stand on the far side of the room.
26) 0) text: Lara and the female inmates pull off their visiting jump- suits and hand them to a female guard, who searches them contraband. Lara retrieves her regular jump-suit and pull it on over her underwear. Another small, daily humiliatio
32) 0) text: John waits alone on the visitors' side of the glass. The door opens, and Lara steps up on the other side. John smi and picks up the phone, but Lara sees something in his fa and doesn't pick up her phone, just stares at him. John fights to keep his smile and nods for her to pick up her phone -- but now she can see the verdict chiseled on face. Lara gasps and cries inconsolably. John keeps the smile plastered on his face, but now tears run down his cheeks. He taps on the glass and points at h phone, but she doesn't respond. He taps harder and harder desperately wanting to comfort her, but she won't allow i He bangs on the glass with his fist, drawing the attentio of the guard on his side. Lara turns and exits. John stands and yells her name, but she can't hear it, and neither can we.
38) 0) text: Lara and her boss ELIZABETH argue loudly.
40) 0) text: Lara turns, holding the fire extinguisher.
42) 0) text: Lara's car speeds out of the parking lot. A male co-worke steps out of the rain just as her car passes. He stops as he sees ELIZABETH'S BODY lying beside her car.
43) 0) text: Lara tries to scrub the blood off of her coat.
47) 2) text: Becsey leaves. A uniformed female prison guard looks up from her magazine and keeps her eyes on John. He looks to his wife, who's attached to an I.V. and monitors, pale an weak, her arm bandaged where she cut it open along the ar Lara opens her heavy eyelids and John glimpses something terrible in her eyes: she's tortured to be alive. He knee beside her and puts a hand on the bed. She takes his litt finger, wraps her fingers around it.
51) 0) text: Dirty dishes piled in the sink, John unloads the dishwash He finds the handle has cracked off Luke's favorite mug. places the cup and handle on the counter, opens a drawer crammed with tools and screws and tape and such. He rumma through it. Not finding what he is looking for, he pulls handfuls of junk out of the drawer and slams it all down the counter. The harder he searches the more he becomes frustrated, until he slams the drawer and leans on the counter, feeling destroyed and needy. And then a female hand appears beside him, opens another drawer and reaches in. John stares at the hand, afraid to move, afraid to look up. The hand finds a tube of glue, places it on the counter and moves away. John turns to see LARA walking away. She turns, smiling a shaking her head, and disappears into the dining room. Stunned, John looks down at the glue on the counter, then suddenly pushes away and rushes into the dining room. No sign of her. And she isn't in the living room. He bolts into the foyer and finds the front door slightly ajar. He flings it open...
92) 0) text: John and Luke wait. The prisoners enter.      Lara looks terrible. John stands and embraces her.
92) 2) dialog: I'm fine.    I'm fine.
92) 6) dialog: Hi, sweet potato. How are you doing?
92) 9) dialog: (watching Luke) Yeah, I forgot. It's no big deal.
92) 11) dialog: I forgot, okay? I have things on my mind.
92) 13) dialog: Oh, that's nice.
92) 15) dialog: Can I please just watch him play? Tell me about kindergarten.
92) 17) dialog: Fine, I won't forget again, okay? (trying to fight away these thoughts:) I am just never going to walk him to school or wash his clothes or make him dinner...and I don't know how I can live knowing that. Okay?
92) 22) dialog: (cruelly - but hushed) What? What is going to happen? There are no more appeals, there are no more anything. Exactly what miracle are we hoping for, John?
92) 24) dialog: I need you to do something for me.
92) 26) dialog: Stop bringing him.
92) 28) dialog: He hates coming here.   Look at him.
92) 30) dialog: Please. It's not his fault. It's too hard to watch him forget me.
92) 32) dialog: You want to hear something funny?
92) 34) dialog: My mother tried to send me anti-aging cream.
96) 0) text: John uses Photoshop, looking through family pictures for appropriate one to use for Lara's ID. Some of them are of the family at a cottage. He finds one that will work and starts to crop himself and Luke (as a baby) out of the ph Then he turns and notices Luke standing behind him, stari at the screen.
134) 0) text: No other visitors today.     A NOTARY sits with Lara and
134) 4) dialog: (touching him, melting)
134) 7) dialog: I think it's very sexy.
134) 12) dialog: You have nothing to apologize for. But you should have told me before this.
134) 14) dialog: I don't want you not telling me things.
134) 16) dialog: (beat) I won't know where to picture you. (off his look) I close my eyes and I see Luke in his bedroom, you on the sofa by the Window. I won't know where to picture you anymore.
157) 0) text: John and Luke enter, John sorting through the mail. from Lara.
158) 0) text: John finishes writing a letter on lined paper. He opens h drawer; it is full of letters in yellow envelopes. He pul one out; it is from Lara, on lined paper. He stuffs his n letter in the old yellow envelope.
161) 0) text: John flings open the medicine cabinet, finds an old bottl of Lara's insulin. He checks the label.
174) 0) text: John finds the envelope marked "Lara Brennan." He checks his watch, only 44 seconds have lapsed. He slips the card out, photographs it with his cell phone and puts it back.
177) 0) text: John brings up Lara's form in Photoshop on his laptop and erases the hand-written numbers in the test results boxes
180) 0) text: John waits as the other prisoners enter. Lara kisses him; looks in his eyes. He sees the despair behind the smile.
180) 6) dialog: I was only here through the appeal. We knew I'd be moved to a prison.
180) 8) text: Lara nods. Off John's face, the screen goes BLACK.
188) 0) text: John stands in the corner, staring out through the high, thick windows. He turns as he hears Lara and other prison coming. He tries to smile, but she knows something is wro
188) 1) dialog: What's wrong?
188) 3) dialog: Is it Luke?
188) 10) dialog: You haven't? YOU haven't? God, John, you are too much. Luke is having a 'hard time' because mommy is in jail for murder, not because daddy doesn't spend enough time with him! Your father was right, you don't live in the same world we do.
188) 12) dialog: I don't know, but it's not the real one. I am in here for the rest of my life! And you want me to believe in some fantasy that -- !
188) 16) text: Lara lowers her voice a little, but not her intensity. guard walks away under:
188) 17) dialog: Now you come here all long-faced, like you've let me down. What do you want me to do, make you feel better?
188) 19) dialog: And now you're apologizing.   You really are a gem.
188) 24) dialog: Nothing. You're too perfect already. You know you never even asked me if I did it. If I killed her.
188) 26) dialog: Then you'd be wrong.
188) 28) dialog: I grabbed the fire extinguisher. I hit her in the face. I heard her neck snap. You know why I did it? Because she pissed me off. I threw her purse in the river. We paid for dinner with the cash from her wallet.
188) 30) dialog: I'm sorry.   I'm actually very sorry.
189) 0) text: Lara gets one last look at John, through the glass, and t disappears behind the partition. She sits on the bench, leans her head between her knees, and breaks into shards.
191) 0) text: Lara takes a seat on her side of the glass partition. picks up her phone and opens her mouth to speak.
234) 0) text: John holds his lab results between his teeth as he flips through the envelopes. He finally finds Lara's envelope, removes her report and replaces it with this one.
243) 0) text: Lara looks up as her door opens, and is surprised to see FEMALE JAIL GUARDS with a wheelchair.
246) 0) text: The two female guards pass off LARA to two MALE JAIL GUAR who load Lara into an ambulance. JAIL GUARD #1 steps into the back of the ambulance with her. The ambulance pulls out, accompanied by a County Sheriff's car. John follows.
254) 0) text: The EMT and two JAIL GUARDS wheel Lara up to the desk and hand over her chart.
255) 6) dialog: John??
255) 11) dialog: (can't make sense of this) What are you doing here?
257) 3) dialog: You have to stop this.
257) 9) text: John picks up the key and undoes Lara's cuffs.
257) 10) dialog: No.   Stop.
257) 13) dialog: WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS?!
257) 17) dialog: No.
257) 19) dialog: No!
257) 22) dialog: ...Where is he?
257) 24) dialog: How can you do this to me?
257) 29) dialog: John --
257) 31) text: Lara stares at him with hatred, mutters:
257) 32) dialog: You son of a bitch.
257) 33) text: Lara pulls off her prison garb, standing before them nake except for her panties. She quite purposely does not turn away or cover herself, but lets her eyes burn into him. John presses the STOPWATCH button on his watch and the CO starts running.
259) 0) text: Lara and John step out into the hall. John's eyes flick t the Nurse's Desk but he keeps walking. As they pass we no DR. LIFSON standing there with Lara's file in her hand. T Duty Nurse notices as well. It takes a second for Lifson understand what is going on. She steps out into the hall and stares after them.
259) 2) text: John yanks Lara's arm and makes a dash for the elevator, pulling his gun from his pocket. The Duty Nurse sees what is happening and bolts down the hall, throwing open the door to room 7725.
261) 1) dialog: Where's Luke?! Is he safe?   Where is he?!
263) 0) text: Lara and John barely breath.
265) 2) text: Before he can answer, the elevator doors open and they co face to face with John and Lara. John sees their police I and levels his weapon. Around them, patients and employees scream and run away.
265) 11) text: Lara stands frozen.
266) 1) dialog: (freaking out) Oh please oh please oh please...
270) 0) text: The elevator isn't closing. John slams the button repeate He hears Nabulsi's heavy feet on the stairs, angles and a the weapon -- Lara can't believe what she's witnessing. Suddenly the doors close, just a heartbeat before Nabulsi gets there. Nabulsi spots the discarded lab coats and run out into THE GARAGE. He heads for the ramp, scanning the parked cars. Getting to the bottom of the ramp he looks up and sees a SQUAD CAR racing down toward him. As it brakes, Nabulsi realizes they couldn't have escaped this way; he's been h
271) 0) text: The doors open. John peers around the corner, hiding his weapon. No police in the lobby, but through the glass doo he sees a squad car screeching to a halt. He grabs Lara's hand and leads her out of the elevator and around the cor They weave down a corridor, deeper into the hospital, pas another cop at the Emergency Desk who has his back to the They turn the corner, see a hospital guard running toward them. John recognizes him as the guard he argued with whe Lara attempted suicide. John stiffens, but the guard runs past -- looking for a couple in lab coats. They quicken their steps. The guard stops at the end of the hall and turns to stare, recognizing them. He lifts his walkie and speaks.
274) 0) text: John tugs Lara across the street, dodging traffic. He yan off his jacket and pulls it back on inside-out -- this si is black and gold.
276) 0) text: Lara and John weave through the fans.
276) 2) text: Lara obeys without thinking. John checks his watch, then opens a door. Leaving the throng of fans, he guides Lara through and down the stairs into the T-Train Subway Stati
278) 0) text: John and Lara quicken their pace.    The camera tilts up to the glass ceiling.
280) 0) text: John sees a train approaching as they come down the stair Almost dragging Lara, John nudges past slower people to m it onto the train. Then they wait. The doors don't close.
283) 0) text: John spots him coming, slips the long screwdriver from th small backpack he's carrying. Lara sees him tighten his fingers around the grip. The doors finally close just as:
289) 0) text: The wheels SCREECH and the brakes SEIZE. Passengers toppl to the floor. John grabs Lara and they leap out onto the tracks. He finds the slit he cut in the tall fence. They slip out through it, onto the street and into the parking lot beyo
296) 1) dialog: Why didn't you tell me?
298) 0) text: Lara sits in the SUV at the curb. John waits at the door. It is opened by BRENDA, Nicole's mother.
298) 15) text: John turns and walks back to the SUV.          Brenda wat moment, made curious by his behavior. He gets into the vehicle.         Lara is in a panic.
298) 16) dialog: What's wrong?
298) 18) dialog: Where's Luke?
298) 21) dialog: What party?     You said the party was here.
298) 24) dialog: (can't help herself) She?
301) 2) text: Lara sees him sweat, unaware of the significance of the t
305) 1) dialog: You took the wrong turn!    It's back there.
305) 2) text: No response. Lara looks back over her shoulder, wondering if this is some kind of shortcut.
305) 3) dialog: The zoo is back there. You're going the wrong way! (no response)                                            It's back there! (no response) WHAT ARE YOU DOING?!!
305) 5) dialog: What??
305) 7) dialog: Are you out of your mind!
305) 9) text: Lara sits back in her seat, stunned and horrified, as Joh continues.
305) 14) text: Lara unsnaps her seat belt. She reaches for the door latc John sees her pull the door and GRABS her by the shirt as slams his foot on the brakes! The tires SCREAM, the SUV skids into an uncontrolled turn Horns blare. Cars behind them swerve to avoid collision. John holds Lara in her seat as the SUV flies around in a circle and finally comes to a dead stop on the shoulder, miraculously facing in the right direction. John allows himself to breathe. He lets go of Lara's shir She opens the door and steps out. John closes his eyes and tries to gather himself back together. He opens his door and steps out.
306) 0) text: John sees the big rig truck driver look back from where h pulled over. John nods to him that everything is okay and comes around the bumper to find Lara sitting on the grave shoulder, leaning against the back tire, staring out at t field beyond. He sits beside her in silence. Behind them the cars whip by.    No one even thinks to st see if they need help. Lara and John watch a cow in the farmer's field. There is nothing for either of them to say, they both kno how they got here. Their hands sit on the gravel between each other. Without looking at him, Lara tentatively entwines a single finger with his. He slowly gathers strength from her touch.
309) 0) text: Lara sits in the SUV by herself, watching the entrance.
311) 0) text: Lara turns and sees John and Luke walking toward her.
311) 1) dialog: Hi.
311) 3) dialog: Did you have a nice time at the party?
311) 5) dialog: What was your favorite thing?
311) 7) dialog: They had ice cream cake here?
311) 12) dialog: Oh.   What flavor?
311) 14) dialog: My favorite.
311) 16) dialog: I'm going to sit back here, okay?
311) 18) text: Luke plays with a toy. Lara closes the door behind her. She looks out the window and sees: NICOLE standing at the entrance, looking at her. Not exactly sure why she does it, LARA offers her a grate smile. NICOLE watches them pull away, confused about what she sh do.
312) 0) text: John drifts up to the stop sign at the intersection. A si points out the interstate to the left -- and he can see t overpass and freeway entrance; the business district to t right. He checks his watch: 48 minutes. He resets it to zero. Game over. He switches on the radio and searches for NEWS. Luke taps Lara on the shoulder.    She leans down.
312) 2) dialog: Really?
312) 5) text: Lara almost loses it; smiles.
312) 9) dialog: Good.   Then I'll stick close to you.
312) 13) dialog: John? (no reply) What are we going to do?
314) 2) text: John puts on his sunglasses and walks right through the m of it all. Lara watches, certain he will be spotted and arrested. John steps onto the crowded sidewalk outside the front do He speaks to a large woman; she shakes her head. He goes to speak to a black couple, who apparently aren't interes He approaches an elderly couple.
317) 2) text: And now we notice the man's WIFE sitting in the back seat with Luke and Lara. John pays the toll.
325) 0) text: John and Lara wait for Luke to step through the metal detector. The alarm sounds. John and Lara react as the security agent takes Luke into the glass isolation booth.
328) 0) text: The Brennans approach passport control. Lara glances at John, sees he is sweating and red. She slips her hand int his and takes the passports.
328) 1) dialog: I'll do this.
328) 3) dialog: Hello.
328) 5) dialog: Thank you.
328) 6) text: As they step away, the passport officer turns, sees his replacement waiting. He stands and exits to take his brea The SECOND PASSPORT CONTROL OFFICER takes his seat and mo for the next traveler to approach. As they do an ALERT co on his computer screen. He taps on it -- and up comes photographs of LARA and JOHN.
331) 0) text: John and Lara sit, waiting to board, Luke asleep.
332) 0) text: An AIRPORT SECURITY CHIEF snatches photos of Lara and Joh out of the printer and bolts out of the office, joined by two other OFFICERS.
333) 0) text: John, Lara and Luke walk down the jetway, until they are stopped by the crowd of passengers before them. John trie not to show how nervous he really is.
341) 0) text: Lara looks up from her son, sees her husband staring out window at the darkness beyond. Ding.
345) 0) text: Exhausted but awake, John stares out the window at the coastline below. Lara and Luke sleep beside him.
350) 0) text: The room has two single beds. John waits at the bathroom door. Lara steps out, a real awkwardness between them. She touches his hand. He offers a smile. She slips past him. He steps into the bathroom and closes the door. Lara lies down on the single bed furthest from the bathroom, f to face with her sleeping son. Without warning, he kisses her on the cheek, for the firs time, without being prodded. He turns around and lets her wrap her arms around him. And she almost dies of happines
352) 0) text: Lara and Luke sleep, spooning. John sits on the other bed He picks up the TV remote and flips through Spanish langu stations. And there it is: CNN in English. Sports right now, but John knows there is no place they can hide.