8) 0) text: Lara finds Luke's window closed but unlocked. She locks i and looks out. Satisfied, she sits and watches her son sl
9) 0) text: Three year-old LUKE holds a knife and fork as he sits at table watching his dad cut up his pancakes.
9) 16) text: I love brushing my teeth. (to Luke)
15) 2) text: LUKE sees the police rush past him and gets scared.
15) 4) text: John hears Luke cry and instinctively heads inside.
18) 1) dialog: Daddy!...    DADDY!! A light comes on.   John steps out of his bedroom and ent his son's room.
19) 0) text: John lays Luke on the bed and climbs in beside him.
19) 2) text: Luke nods.
19) 4) text: Luke immediately scrambles over his father to take his si
19) 6) text: John kisses Luke, who closes his eyes and snuggles his pi John reaches for the lamp. Beside it sits the framed phot that Lara snapped of the three of them that fateful morni He switches off the lamp, and the screen goes BLACK.
21) 0) text: Tilt down from a passing T-Train to find John and Luke, walking toward the huge, modern Allegheny County Jail.
21) 1) dialog: Not at lunch.
21) 3) dialog: No.
21) 8) dialog: Yeah.
21) 10) dialog: Yeah.
21) 12) dialog: Near the swings.
21) 14) dialog: Yeah.
22) 0) text: - John waits in a long line, mostly women. He glances ove at the pleasant and colorful play area in the corner and sees children playing. Luke plays by himself. - John puts his key ring in a plastic container. The guar takes it and puts the keys with other visitors' belonging John guides his son toward the metal detector. Luke walks through and the buzzer goes off. John instinctively moves forward to help. A guard stops h with a hand on his chest. On the other side of the metal detector another guard runs a wand over Luke, pulls somet from his pocket, looks at it curiously.
22) 2) text: The guard runs the wand over the child again; no screech. The guard waves John through. No beep. John kneels and pulls on Luke's jacket.
24) 0) text: John stares out the window at the city beyond.    Life se so close. He looks back into the large communal visiting room; a do round tables and plastic chairs. The concrete block walls are covered with naive paintings in bright colors and mes of hope. Luke plays at his feet with a basket of Legos. The door at the far side buzzes, a guard opens it and prisoners in red jump-suits marked VISITING ROOM enter. Lara enters and looks around. She is pale, thin and her hair has returned to its natural color. Lara hurries to h and gives him a real kiss. She breaks and steps to Luke, who plays with his back to her.
24) 47) text: She just stares at Luke, his back to them, playing.
25) 0) text: The prisoners file out and are patted down. Lara turns an blows Luke and John a kiss. They watch with the other visitors, who all stand on the far side of the room.
27) 2) text: Luke puts it down and checks his teeth in the mirror.
27) 4) text: Luke nods.
28) 0) text: The garage door opens; the Prius has a lot more miles on John backs out, Luke in his child seat. He brakes and fin PAULA, the woman who lives behind them, at his window.
29) 0) text: Sitting on the park bench, John allows his feelings to wa over his face. He watches Luke play with a girl his age.
29) 2) text: Luke runs to him. John pulls Luke's jacket on. He doesn't notice the young mother on the next bench, NICOLE, watchi him admiringly. She calls to the girl Luke was playing wi
29) 4) text: John glances in time to see CARRIE plop down in the sand, arms folded. He shares a sympathetic smile with Nicole, w heads to retrieve her daughter. John walks off with Luke.
34) 0) text: MICK opens the door. GRACE, their mother, looks up from clearing the lunch dishes. John's face tells them everyth they need to know. Mick slams his fist against the door. In the back yard with Luke, GEORGE, John's father turns t see Grace tearfully embrace John. George looks away, uncomfortable, and distracts Luke's attention.
35) 0) text: John, Mick and Grace sit in the worn wicker chairs on the back porch. Erit steps out with beers to replace their empties. She sits and they stare off, watching Luke and George play with the dog. After a moment Erit looks to Jo
49) 0) text: Luke lies in the crook of his father's arm, his own arms full of penguins, turtles, a black dog and an opossum. Jo reads him a letter, the yellow envelope open on the bed.
49) 4) dialog: ...When is she coming home?
49) 6) dialog: (thinks for a moment, then:)                          
49) 13) dialog: Then can I have them all?
49) 15) text: He hands Luke the jar, and hoists up him and his animals.
50) 0) text: Luke sets the coin jar on his nightstand. John tucks him with his animals, then switches off the lamp. John looks back before closing it and watches Luke lie awake, starin at the jar, lost in confused thoughts of his mother.
51) 0) text: Dirty dishes piled in the sink, John unloads the dishwash He finds the handle has cracked off Luke's favorite mug. places the cup and handle on the counter, opens a drawer crammed with tools and screws and tape and such. He rumma through it. Not finding what he is looking for, he pulls handfuls of junk out of the drawer and slams it all down the counter. The harder he searches the more he becomes frustrated, until he slams the drawer and leans on the counter, feeling destroyed and needy. And then a female hand appears beside him, opens another drawer and reaches in. John stares at the hand, afraid to move, afraid to look up. The hand finds a tube of glue, places it on the counter and moves away. John turns to see LARA walking away. She turns, smiling a shaking her head, and disappears into the dining room. Stunned, John looks down at the glue on the counter, then suddenly pushes away and rushes into the dining room. No sign of her. And she isn't in the living room. He bolts into the foyer and finds the front door slightly ajar. He flings it open...
90) 0) text: John and Luke walk near the front of the group of visitor toward the visitation rooms. Just ahead he notices a guard using a key to call the elevator. John stops near the elevator and kneels, pullin one of Luke's shoelaces loose.
90) 1) dialog: It was already tied. John reties the lace as the group moves on.    He keeps o eye on the elevator. The door opens and the guard   steps in - and John notice WORKMEN in hardhats inside.    The elevator closes, the s is tied, the group has moved   on down the hall and they alone. John pulls the laces    and unties Luke's shoe.
90) 2) dialog: You untied it again!
91) 0) text: John leaves Luke playing and steps into the office. Lifso partially closes the door, so John can still see his son.
92) 0) text: John and Luke wait. The prisoners enter.      Lara looks terrible. John stands and embraces her.
92) 35) text: John smiles, but like hers it may be the saddest smile in the world. They sit and watch Luke play.
96) 0) text: John uses Photoshop, looking through family pictures for appropriate one to use for Lara's ID. Some of them are of the family at a cottage. He finds one that will work and starts to crop himself and Luke (as a baby) out of the ph Then he turns and notices Luke standing behind him, stari at the screen.
101) 0) text: Luke, John and George stand in the foyer, Luke with his c sized, brightly-colored overnight bag. John pulls off Luk coat, kisses him on the head and looks up at George.
115) 0) text: John sits as Grace approaches with iodine and cotton ball Through the window he sees Luke playing with the dog.
115) 12) text: Luke enters as Grace tries to hide her tears.
115) 20) text: Luke does, and the two of them leave with his bag. 116   EXT. GRACE &amp; GEORGE'S - INSIDE THE PRIUS -- DAY John gets in and checks his mirror.   Luke is staring at
115) 21) dialog: Does your face hurt?
115) 23) dialog: Did you hit him back?
115) 25) dialog: That's okay.
119) 0) text: John sees Luke sleeping, surrounded by his animals. doorbell rings.
126) 0) text: John and Luke enter the back door. Luke automatically hea for the living room. John calls after him:
126) 5) dialog: Dad!
126) 8) dialog: You'll just lose again.
143) 0) text: Luke gets out of the car and heads into the house, swingi his lunch pale. John watches him go, then reaches down be his seat and pulls out the gun, wrapped in a cloth. He hi it in the garage and thinks about what he is doing.
155) 1) dialog: ...Dad?
156) 0) text: John sits on a bench, frustrated and lost.      Luke trot
156) 1) dialog: Can I have my cookies?
156) 3) dialog: No.
156) 4) text: John hands him two packaged cookies. Luke runs off and ha them to Carrie. Her attractive young mother, Nicole, sitt a couple of benches down, calls and draws John's attentio
156) 48) text: John heads back and scoops up Luke.       Nicole watches, not to look dumbfounded.
157) 0) text: John and Luke enter, John sorting through the mail. from Lara.
159) 0) text: This is the only room that is still furnished. John pokes his head in, sees Luke on his bed playing by himself.
159) 2) text: Luke shrugs as if he doesn't care, but then scoots over i his bed so that his dad can sit beside him. John does. He pulls the letter out of the envelope and reads.
159) 4) dialog: She didn't write that.
160) 0) text: Luke and John water Paula's vegetable garden.
160) 1) dialog: But what's wrong with her?
160) 3) dialog: Why didn't she just stay home?
160) 5) dialog: How do you know when you're that sick?
160) 7) text: Something tweaks. John turns and looks back across the al at his open garage...and remembers their conversation. He drops the hose and takes Luke's hand.
179) 0) text: John enters the child's bedroom and stops dead. The wall over Luke's bed is covered with crayon scribbles imitating the chart on his father's bedroom walls.
193) 0) text: Luke in his arms, John takes a My Little Pony off the she
193) 2) dialog: (already an expert)
194) 9) text: Luke runs in as John walks off.
217) 0) text: John steps into the room that he had as a teenager. Luke sleeps in the single bed. John sits beside him, touches h face, then looks around the room, wondering how he got he and is overwhelmed.
219) 0) text: John brushes away tears, no idea how he could be acting l this. He tries to wake Luke.
221) 0) text: John helps a sleepy Luke with his jacket, pancake rolled his hand. John stands from the table strewn with food.
221) 2) dialog: Thank you.
221) 4) dialog: I'm too tired to kiss.
221) 8) dialog: Thank you, Grandma. John turns to his father, who stands in the doorway. His father holds out the jacket in silence. John takes it The airline tickets stick out from the inside pocket.
225) 0) text: Luke sits on his bedroom floor, trying to cram a firetruc into his already full rollerboard.
225) 1) dialog: (calls)
225) 4) dialog: ....What about my pockets?
227) 0) text: Luke sits in the back seat with their carry-on bags. John tries to stuff all the garbage bags full of paper into th back. He picks the last off the floor and turns and walks out t the alley. He looks around, then stuffs this final bag in his neighbor's trash can.
233) 0) text: The van driver hops out and heads into the nursing home a the Prius pulls into the foreground. John turns to Luke.
237) 0) text: John stands with Luke, who holds a hand-wrapped gift. knocks at the front door of a lovely small house.
237) 9) dialog: (hands her present)                                     It's a pony.
237) 13) text: Luke spots Carrie on the back step and runs over.
237) 18) text: John looks to Luke and realizes this might be the last ti he sees him.
237) 21) text: John throws one more look at Luke then walks off.
253) 0) text: Nabulsi inspects Luke's room, still fully furnished, the curious faded crayon drawing on the wall. He spots a coup of coins on the floor. He picks up a quarter, and flips i Harris steps into the room.
255) 2) text: He hangs up and turns to see John enter, carrying Luke's backpack, wearing a white doctor's smock. He raises a gun
303) 0) text: John's eyes flick to his stopwatch: 32 minutes flicks to Signs appear quickly now.    Interstate: Keep Right; Zoo: Left. John keeps driving, hoping somehow that he won't have to make this choice -- their freedom, or their son. Too many questions rage across his face. Perhaps they can escape and his parents can somehow arrange to get Luke to them. Or perhaps Luke would be better off with his grandparents after all. Then there it is: The sign to the interstate points to the entrance ahead o the right.
310) 0) text: Nicole, surrounded by a dozen six year-olds, passes Luke to John.
311) 0) text: Lara turns and sees John and Luke walking toward her.
311) 2) dialog: Hi.
311) 4) dialog: Yeah. Lara walks him to the car, as if this day is no different than any other.
311) 6) dialog: Ice cream cake. She lifts him into his seat and buckles him in.
311) 8) dialog: At Carrie's house.
311) 13) dialog: Lots of flavors.
311) 18) text: Luke plays with a toy. Lara closes the door behind her. She looks out the window and sees: NICOLE standing at the entrance, looking at her. Not exactly sure why she does it, LARA offers her a grate smile. NICOLE watches them pull away, confused about what she sh do.
312) 0) text: John drifts up to the stop sign at the intersection. A si points out the interstate to the left -- and he can see t overpass and freeway entrance; the business district to t right. He checks his watch: 48 minutes. He resets it to zero. Game over. He switches on the radio and searches for NEWS. Luke taps Lara on the shoulder.    She leans down.
312) 1) dialog: I think we're going to the cottage.
312) 4) dialog: I have money.
312) 10) dialog: Okay.
317) 2) text: And now we notice the man's WIFE sitting in the back seat with Luke and Lara. John pays the toll.
325) 0) text: John and Lara wait for Luke to step through the metal detector. The alarm sounds. John and Lara react as the security agent takes Luke into the glass isolation booth.
327) 0) text: A female security agent searches Luke, digs a handful of Canadian quarters out of his pocket. John's heart races.
331) 0) text: John and Lara sit, waiting to board, Luke asleep.
333) 0) text: John, Lara and Luke walk down the jetway, until they are stopped by the crowd of passengers before them. John trie not to show how nervous he really is.
336) 0) text: A second AIRPORT SECURITY OFFICER squeezes along the wall passing the waiting passengers. We pan to see Luke's brig colored roller-board. Our hearts stop; it is all over.
345) 0) text: Exhausted but awake, John stares out the window at the coastline below. Lara and Luke sleep beside him.
352) 0) text: Lara and Luke sleep, spooning. John sits on the other bed He picks up the TV remote and flips through Spanish langu stations. And there it is: CNN in English. Sports right now, but John knows there is no place they can hide.