2) 0) text: Two couples sit at a table, picking at dessert, JOHN and LARA BRENNAN on one side, MICK and ERIT on the other. JOH is attractive in a worn kind of way, but has the eyes of kid with a discipline problem. You have to really know hi to understand if he is mocking you or agreeing with you. is a master of irony and has a true enjoyment of the absu LARA looks beautiful even in her wrinkled suit. She appea to have had a hard day at the office. She's been drinking at dinner; it hasn't eased her nerves. John's good-lookin brother, MICK, boasts his blue collar roots and a gorgeou if slightly trashy, girlfriend, ERIT, who isn't ashamed o her body or sharing her opinions. JOHN and MICK are laugh Lara puts cash on the tray beside Mick's credit card.
2) 21) dialog: (re: Erit)
2) 24) text: Oh please, I'd rather work under him, too. That was a dig at Mick but Lara is primed for a fight.
3) 0) text: Mick and Erit head toward Mick's sporty pickup.     John Lara step into foreground, Lara still fuming.
34) 0) text: MICK opens the door. GRACE, their mother, looks up from clearing the lunch dishes. John's face tells them everyth they need to know. Mick slams his fist against the door. In the back yard with Luke, GEORGE, John's father turns t see Grace tearfully embrace John. George looks away, uncomfortable, and distracts Luke's attention.
35) 0) text: John, Mick and Grace sit in the worn wicker chairs on the back porch. Erit steps out with beers to replace their empties. She sits and they stare off, watching Luke and George play with the dog. After a moment Erit looks to Jo
35) 5) dialog: -- Erit, go put somebody to sleep.
35) 8) dialog: Had to be done. (long beat) I am really going to pay for that.
141) 0) text: John checks his watch: 2:27. His cell phone rings, displa the name MICK; John presses IGNORE. He feels for the gun between the seats.
142) 4) dialog: Are you ever going to answer your goddamn phone?
151) 1) dialog: Let me in, asshole!!
152) 0) text: Mick bangs again.
152) 1) dialog: Open up! (more banging) Your car is in the garage, I know you're in there!
153) 2) dialog: Not home?   So you're saying I'm blind?
153) 7) dialog: You know what? You're right.    I am an idiot.