17) 0) text: A newborn pink baby, AGNES, lies swaddled in a white wicker bassinet, sleeping beneath a soft amber night light. 19 20 21 22
22) 1) dialog: eight years old, tears Christmas wrapping off a box revealing a knock off Cabbage Patch doll.
22) 3) dialog: 'S that Santa's reindeer? Her mother takes a drink from her highball glass while gathering wrapping paper and stuffing it in a Hefty bag.
23) 0) text: The counter is littered with Christmas cookies baking material and supplies; baking utensils, flour and sprinkles. She tosses some cookies onto a plate for Agnes, then moves to the stove, ignites a gas burner and lights her cigarette. The phone, a yellowed wall mounted princess phone... RINGS. The mother reacts, curious as to who could be calling. She picks up the phone and before she can answer... a chilling voice emits from the tiny speakers...
31) 0) text: Silence. After a beat, the front door opens. POLICE OFFICERS, BLUDWORTH and COLQUITT enter, weapons drawn, alarmed, yet cautious. Colquitt moves directly toward the fallen Christmas tree, attending to Agnes. Bludworth continues to the kitchen. Bludworth freezes, expression mortified. CAMERA PULLS BACK REVEALING Billy sitting at the table in the dark; drinking a glass of milk and eating... his Christmas cookies, appearing like shapes of charred jerky with frosting and sprinkles. As Billy calmly finishes his snack, CAMERA CRANES DOWN until the corpse of his mother ENTERS THE F.G...
79) 3) text: They kicked her out when she turned eighteen... No one's seen her since... CAMERA TILTS to Agnes' lap, finding her lovingly stroking the hair of the eye-less knock off Cabbage Patch doll.
192) 46) dialog: Indeed, the killer, Agnes Lenz, drops the fork...
192) 49) dialog: reacts... doesn't understand. She considers... then, with an eerie child-like smile... 101.
192) 50) dialog: But... my daddy is.
192) 60) dialog: Approaches...
192) 64) dialog: straddles Kelli...
192) 66) dialog: Raises the glass unicorn...
192) 68) dialog: looks at the ornament. Now, a block of glass...
192) 70) dialog: Brings the glass rock downwards, but Kelli's weapon makes impact first, plunging just below the right eye socket. As she rears back, Kelli grabs Agnes' arm with both hands, trying to free the ornament from Agnes' hand.
192) 73) dialog: Agnes maintains a grasp on Kelli. They fall backwards...
192) 75) dialog: Stumble backward toward the wall and to fall into the space between the walls.
193) 1) dialog: Tumbles grotesquely all the way to the basement...
197) 1) dialog: Is climbing toward her...
203) 1) dialog: Climbs up toward her...
206) 0) text: Agnes scales the wall, growing closer to Kelli, who tries to move, but cannot.
220) 0) text: With all her remaining strength, Leigh pulls Kelli from the wall, just as Agnes appears from below and Billy, upside down, from above... still within the wall. Billy reaches to get out of the hole just as... Leigh and Kelli fall to the laundry room floor and the hole within the wall erupts with flame!
221) 0) text: Leigh and Kelli SLAM the door behind them. From the room across the hall, they jamb a chair beneath the doorknob, or obstruct the threshold with a bureau in the hallway. In either case, Billy and Agnes are locked in the room. As Leigh helps Kelli hustle off toward the living room...
222) 0) text: From the fallen tree, lies on the floor, dotted with blood and reflecting the angry flames within the wall. As Billy and Agnes continue to SCREAM... OVERLAPPING... a smooth country jazz guitar begins Eddie Arnold's "Santa Claus is Coming to Town..." 215 216 217 109. Through the DISSOLVE... what appear, initially to be Christmas lights, are indeed stobbing red siren lights...