1) 4) dialog: slumps in the corner of the couch, back to father and son, as if imagining herself as far from them as possible. An empty bottle of Tanqueray sits on the coffee table. She turns toward her husband and child looking at them, blank. She stands, drunk, and moves toward the Evergleam pink aluminum Christmas tree. The mother reaches out...
2) 1) text: Billy's mother sits in the corner of the couch, cigarette in one hand, a Screwdriver in a highball glass in the other. The room is lit only by the lights of the Christmas tree. In the b.g., the bassinet is long gone. Billy's father, appearing haggard, helps his five year old son, BILLY, place the plate beneath the pink aluminum Christmas tree. Billy's back is to CAMERA and partially obscured by the tree branches. He wears long sleeve pajamas.
2) 3) dialog: Why you bothering putting with those cookies? Santa ain't comin' to see you.
2) 6) dialog: Russians shot his sleigh down. Santa... Claus... is dead.
8) 0) text: Under the house, a flashlight shines REVEALING Billy's mother and her LOVER, a fat hairy sweaty man digging a hole in the ground.
9) 1) dialog: blood soaked hair clings to her face as she pulls up dirt. CAMERA PUSHES PAST her toward the base of the far wall... Exhales of human breath jet from the interior of the wall and into the area beneath the house. Climbing down within the wall... Billy's dark figure reaches the surface. 12 13 14 15
9) 2) dialog: Hearing the SOUND, she spins the flashlight beam toward...
9) 4) dialog: CAMERA PUSHES IN as she starts toward him...
12) 0) text: Billy's mother and lover, covered with wet mud and blood, hustle into the living room. Within the walls... MOVEMENT.
14) 1) dialog: primordial, breathing hard; eyes, locked on the attic door.
16) 0) text: The area is dark and shadowy except for the spill of the fireplace light in the living room below. Billy's Mother is straddled over her heavy sweaty drunken lover who lies on the first landing of the stairway. She is grinding, but he is frustratingly unresponsive. Not dead, just passed out. After a moment, she stops; breathing HARD. She shakes her lover but his response is... unresponsive. She looks at him hatefully. 0.S., in the attic... Billy's ROCKING CHAIR CREAKS. CAMERA PUSHES IN ON HIS MOTHER as her eyes turn upward...
17) 1) dialog: The couple peer over the crib INTO CAMERA...
17) 2) dialog: She's my family, now. O.S... above... FOOTSTEPS. Billy's mother pauses. With a hard expression, her eyes turns up toward the ceiling. As the cheap overhead chandelier begins to sway...
22) 2) dialog: Barefoot, in an worn nightgown, reacts with animated joy, however, as if she has received a gift she's always wanted. As her daughter doesn't match the enthusiasm, however, the mother's expression turns hard. O.S... UPSTAIRS... MOVEMENT. Agnes looks up, curious...
22) 4) dialog: There's... nothing... up there. She reaches back and grabs the pack of cigarettes, puts one in her mouth, then feels blindly behind her. She looks back, but cannot find a lighter for her cigarette. Drunk, the mother leans into Agnes with a babying tone...
22) 5) dialog: Want a Christmas cookie? You're my cookie and I could eat you up. 24 25 10. As the mother stands and moves off toward the kitchen, CAMERA CREEPS IN on Agnes. O.S., an ORNAMENT TINKLES. Agnes turns toward the tree...
24) 0) text: Billy's mother approaches, pausing in the threshold of the kitchen door. CAMERA PUSHES IN AS she takes an anxious step...
24) 1) dialog: Agnes?
24) 3) dialog: looks to her husband...
24) 5) dialog: Anxiously steps into the room and reacts to a sharp pain under her foot. She looks down...
24) 7) dialog: CAMERA now SWEEPS INTO HER. Then, with the timbre heard in the disturbing phone calls...
24) 8) dialog: Bill-lly!
25) 0) text: CAMERA IS LOW TO THE GROUND, MOVING RAPIDLY ALONG the hallway as Billy's mother and step-father OUTRACE CAMERA and ENTER FRAME. CAMERA CONTINUES as they run to the attic ladder...
26) 3) dialog: Are stunned. Then, 0.S., downstairs, Agnes SCREAMS! 28 29 30 12.
28) 2) dialog: Billy!? What have you done?!
29) 5) dialog: 
29) 14) dialog: A string of Christmas tree lights quickly wrap around her neck. Her hands whip to her throat, clutching the cord...
30) 4) dialog: The back of her lifeless head lies on the floor. The angel shaped cutter ENTERS FRAME. As it presses to her face...