2) 1) text: Billy's mother sits in the corner of the couch, cigarette in one hand, a Screwdriver in a highball glass in the other. The room is lit only by the lights of the Christmas tree. In the b.g., the bassinet is long gone. Billy's father, appearing haggard, helps his five year old son, BILLY, place the plate beneath the pink aluminum Christmas tree. Billy's back is to CAMERA and partially obscured by the tree branches. He wears long sleeve pajamas.
3) 0) text: The door swings open. Billy moves directly toward the closet.
3) 3) text: "To Billy. From Santa."
4) 0) text: CAMERA IS LOW to the floor as it moves toward the closet door, slightly ajar. Outside, a winter wind HOWLS As CAMERA REACHES THE CLOSET the argument is broken by a TOPPLING of a NIGHT STAND. Glass shatters. An adult male MOANS; another. Then, abruptly... SILENCE. In the darkness of the closet, Billy's yellow eyes appear, looking out as if listening with his sense of sight.
5) 0) text: CAMERA REMAINS LOW to the ground CREEPING DOWN THE HALLWAY as Billy, thin and spidery, crawls cautiously toward his parents' bedroom door. Once there, he lowers his head and places his face flush against the worn carpet to look beneath the door.
6) 0) text: One of Billy's yellowed eyes peers into the room...
7) 1) text: Total darkness for a beat... then a faint light appears from the hole in the floor of the closet. Frightened, Billy, his back against the far wall, looks to the hole. Then... deep within the house... more clearly audible from the hole in the closet... a RUSTLE... plastic CRACKLES and DRAGS... strained BREATHS. CAMERA PUSHES TO THE HOLE as Billy leans closer, listens. After a beat, CAMERA ARCS until the HOLE FILLS FRAME. Billy's hand reaches out and pulls at the wood, creating a larger hole. As he tears at the wood...
8) 0) text: Under the house, a flashlight shines REVEALING Billy's mother and her LOVER, a fat hairy sweaty man digging a hole in the ground.
9) 0) text: The flashlight beam rolls onto the bloodied face of Billy's father, in the plastic bag which has torn from being dragged. His skull has been crushed by a blunt object across the eyes. His Vietnam Zippo lighter has slipped out of his shirt pocket.
9) 5) dialog: flashlight beam whipping over him, moves back into the wall...
12) 0) text: Billy's mother and lover, covered with wet mud and blood, hustle into the living room. Within the walls... MOVEMENT.
14) 0) text: A combination lock SNAPS, imprisoning Billy inside the attic.
15) 0) text: CAMERA MOVES ALONG the attic floor. Half of the area is uncovered and beamed, filled with aging loose-fill rock wool. The floor constructed of wood lathe and plaster. Boxes and furniture have been stored precariously across the beams. A path of wood planks leads to a ten foot area of solid floor. BILLY'S FORM ENTERS FRAME, older now; malnourished. CAMERA PUSHES IN as he sits in a rocking chair at the attic window. Older, now, twelve, or so... and, although, seemingly lifeless, Billy is, in fact, a ticking bomb. O.S., MUTED but discernible grotesque female GRUNTS and SIGHS are HEARD THROUGH THE ATTIC DOOR...
16) 0) text: The area is dark and shadowy except for the spill of the fireplace light in the living room below. Billy's Mother is straddled over her heavy sweaty drunken lover who lies on the first landing of the stairway. She is grinding, but he is frustratingly unresponsive. Not dead, just passed out. After a moment, she stops; breathing HARD. She shakes her lover but his response is... unresponsive. She looks at him hatefully. 0.S., in the attic... Billy's ROCKING CHAIR CREAKS. CAMERA PUSHES IN ON HIS MOTHER as her eyes turn upward...
19) 0) text: Billy's step-father and mother climb down the attic ladder. She closes the door and secures the combination lock...
24) 0) text: Billy's mother approaches, pausing in the threshold of the kitchen door. CAMERA PUSHES IN AS she takes an anxious step...
25) 0) text: CAMERA IS LOW TO THE GROUND, MOVING RAPIDLY ALONG the hallway as Billy's mother and step-father OUTRACE CAMERA and ENTER FRAME. CAMERA CONTINUES as they run to the attic ladder...
29) 8) dialog: Backlit against the Christmas lights, reaches out for Agnes...
30) 0) text: Billy drags his struggling mother into the kitchen...
31) 0) text: Silence. After a beat, the front door opens. POLICE OFFICERS, BLUDWORTH and COLQUITT enter, weapons drawn, alarmed, yet cautious. Colquitt moves directly toward the fallen Christmas tree, attending to Agnes. Bludworth continues to the kitchen. Bludworth freezes, expression mortified. CAMERA PULLS BACK REVEALING Billy sitting at the table in the dark; drinking a glass of milk and eating... his Christmas cookies, appearing like shapes of charred jerky with frosting and sprinkles. As Billy calmly finishes his snack, CAMERA CRANES DOWN until the corpse of his mother ENTERS THE F.G...
33) 8) text: What a laugh it would have been/ if daddy had only seen/Mommy kissing Santa Claus last night! CAMERA TRACKS parallel to the rooms, REVEALING a window in which hangs a small holly wreath with white micro lights. MEGAN HELMS, 23, can be seen pacing angrily while on her cell phone. Although furious with whomever is on the receiving end, Megan is clearly trying to keep her voice DOWN. She pulls the phone away and flips it off before hanging up. CAMERA MOVES PAST HER WINDOW just as Megan sits at her desk before an open laptop and looks sickened, at the monitor. The next room is dark, yet not vacant. Attractive and urban, LAUREN HANNON, 21, leans out over the sill of her open window smoking a cigarette. CAMERA CONTINUES as she shudders at the mounting storm and exhales, somewhat sad, before dropping the butt into a beer bottle. CAMERA CONTINUES TO the next room in which CLAIR CROSBY, 20, appears excited, yet anxious while pacing with a sheet of high quality gift wrapping paper, cellophane tape, ribbons and scissors. As she sits, Clair disappears from view... CAMERA BEGINS RISING... toward the third story, while also PUSHING IN ON a gabled window framed with Christmas lights on the top level of the house. Behind the weathered mutins stands an illuminated plastic Santa Claus. The window is ajar; softly KNOCKING against the sill... 34 35 36 17. From the dim spill of the decorative lights, it is apparent the large area behind the window is not a living space, but, rather, the attic which was once Billy Lenz's room.
79) 0) text: CAMERA MATCHES THE SPEED OF THE PREVIOUS MOVE... then TURNS into a doorway to find a figure sitting in a rocking chair in the dark, presumably Billy...
80) 0) text: CAMERA MOVES ALONG a Hellish prison-like institution; high walls encased by rusty razor wire, while snow falls outside. CAMERA CONTINUES until finding a room, set apart from the others, outlined by a string of colored Christmas lights. 80 81 82 47. Inside, a figure, Billy's silhouette, stands in the window.
80) 3) text: The fire was so hot, the attendants couldn't open the cell. All that was found of Billy, were ashes.
129) 0) text: COVERING any SOUNDS below the house, Heather MARCHES down the stairs into the living room. Kelli is on the couch, crying, seated beside an increasingly anxious Ms. Mac. Leigh pokes at the logs with an improvised tool, milking all the light and heat out of the fire. 126 127 128 68. Kelli takes a drink from any available alcohol on the table as Heather moves to the headless imitation Cabbage Patch doll wrapped in newspaper. She picks it up, then displays Eve's photocopied news stories about Billy.
142) 0) text: The others crowd around, listening. Leigh appears in the background moving down the stairs. What SOUNDS like Billy's step father GROWLS...
203) 6) dialog: As he starts toward her... 196 197 198 199 200 106.
206) 1) dialog: crawls toward Kelli, below him...
210) 2) dialog: out of a nightmare... crab crawls toward her.
220) 0) text: With all her remaining strength, Leigh pulls Kelli from the wall, just as Agnes appears from below and Billy, upside down, from above... still within the wall. Billy reaches to get out of the hole just as... Leigh and Kelli fall to the laundry room floor and the hole within the wall erupts with flame!
221) 0) text: Leigh and Kelli SLAM the door behind them. From the room across the hall, they jamb a chair beneath the doorknob, or obstruct the threshold with a bureau in the hallway. In either case, Billy and Agnes are locked in the room. As Leigh helps Kelli hustle off toward the living room...
222) 0) text: From the fallen tree, lies on the floor, dotted with blood and reflecting the angry flames within the wall. As Billy and Agnes continue to SCREAM... OVERLAPPING... a smooth country jazz guitar begins Eddie Arnold's "Santa Claus is Coming to Town..." 215 216 217 109. Through the DISSOLVE... what appear, initially to be Christmas lights, are indeed stobbing red siren lights...