33) 8) text: What a laugh it would have been/ if daddy had only seen/Mommy kissing Santa Claus last night! CAMERA TRACKS parallel to the rooms, REVEALING a window in which hangs a small holly wreath with white micro lights. MEGAN HELMS, 23, can be seen pacing angrily while on her cell phone. Although furious with whomever is on the receiving end, Megan is clearly trying to keep her voice DOWN. She pulls the phone away and flips it off before hanging up. CAMERA MOVES PAST HER WINDOW just as Megan sits at her desk before an open laptop and looks sickened, at the monitor. The next room is dark, yet not vacant. Attractive and urban, LAUREN HANNON, 21, leans out over the sill of her open window smoking a cigarette. CAMERA CONTINUES as she shudders at the mounting storm and exhales, somewhat sad, before dropping the butt into a beer bottle. CAMERA CONTINUES TO the next room in which CLAIR CROSBY, 20, appears excited, yet anxious while pacing with a sheet of high quality gift wrapping paper, cellophane tape, ribbons and scissors. As she sits, Clair disappears from view... CAMERA BEGINS RISING... toward the third story, while also PUSHING IN ON a gabled window framed with Christmas lights on the top level of the house. Behind the weathered mutins stands an illuminated plastic Santa Claus. The window is ajar; softly KNOCKING against the sill... 34 35 36 17. From the dim spill of the decorative lights, it is apparent the large area behind the window is not a living space, but, rather, the attic which was once Billy Lenz's room.
35) 0) text: CAMERA MOVES THROUGH a corridor of dark wood walls and hardwood floors lit with a string of Christmas lights. The sconces are turned off. CAMERA PUSHES past Clair's room and toward a corner of the ceiling at the shadowy end of the hall, REVEALING an attic trap door. The door lifts. CREAKS...
36) 2) dialog: Unaware of the presence outside her door, Clair appears mixed with dreaded apprehension and excited anticipation as she opens a blank Christmas card and gathers her thoughts. The first being, her thoughts could use some wine. She pours the Pinot into a glass. OUTSIDE, the storm is a CONSTANT presence. 18.
36) 7) text: Enwrapped with different paper; special. The tag reads... "To: My big sister, Leigh. Fr: Her baby sister, Clair."
36) 10) dialog: Considers...
36) 12) dialog: SIGHS, then takes a long sip of wine...
36) 14) dialog: the dry cleaning plastic RUSTLES. She turns, startles... 19.
36) 16) dialog: Composes, smiles at her startle, then looks to...
36) 18) dialog: takes another sip of wine before her expression conveys she has caught hold of some words for which she has been searching to express complex emotions. She quickly sets down the wine glass and reaches back for the pen...
36) 20) dialog: Puzzled, turns a quarter and looks to the floor...
36) 22) dialog: As she turns to see which of her sorority sisters has entered... a clear plastic bag whips over her head.
38) 0) text: CAMERA LOOKS OUT THE ATTIC WINDOW. Suddenly! Clair's dead body ROCKS INTO and FILLS FRAME. The clear plastic shopping bag clings to her frozen bloody horrified expression; skull- like as her eye sockets are empty. As the chair slowly rocks... CREAK... CREAK... CREAK...
55) 0) text: Clair's door opens. Kelli exits, her figure dark in the hallway. She turns and starts toward the stairs...
96) 1) text: Leigh's eyes take in the decor and Clair's personal effects as if looking at the room of a stranger...
103) 0) text: Melissa and Leigh exit Clair's room, reacting to Kelli's screams while Ms. Mac and Dana hustle Lauren toward the bathroom until blocked by Kelli and Kyle storming into the hallway.
177) 0) text: Darkness. O.S., the rhythmic CLICK... CLICK... CLICK... of mechanized winding. Clair's gift to Lauren, the music box, is SET INTO FRAME by a hand with blood stained fingers. The doll turns as "Dance of the Sugar Plum Fairy" begins...