0) 0) text: Falling snow drifts upon the Mansard rooftop of a large, isolated, and decrepit New England colonial. Paned windows in the gables are cracked and broken. Worn stone steps lead to a rotting open porch. An equally ragged '48 Chevy Aerosedan sits in the driveway. Behind the house lies a void of evergreen and leafless birch. Far down the road, lies a lone neighborhood house. There are only two houses on this street. Here, Christmas lights are strung, but many of the fat bulbs are burned out. The building appears like a haunted house on Christmas Eve. The windows are dark, except for a pale blue light in the living room..
2) 1) text: Billy's mother sits in the corner of the couch, cigarette in one hand, a Screwdriver in a highball glass in the other. The room is lit only by the lights of the Christmas tree. In the b.g., the bassinet is long gone. Billy's father, appearing haggard, helps his five year old son, BILLY, place the plate beneath the pink aluminum Christmas tree. Billy's back is to CAMERA and partially obscured by the tree branches. He wears long sleeve pajamas.
2) 4) text: The young boy turns his head toward her, REVEALING the yellowed irises, staring at her with icy lifelessness.
3) 1) text: A flashlight FLARES INTO CAMERA REVEALING the closet acts as the boy's hidden "fort."
8) 0) text: Under the house, a flashlight shines REVEALING Billy's mother and her LOVER, a fat hairy sweaty man digging a hole in the ground.
31) 0) text: Silence. After a beat, the front door opens. POLICE OFFICERS, BLUDWORTH and COLQUITT enter, weapons drawn, alarmed, yet cautious. Colquitt moves directly toward the fallen Christmas tree, attending to Agnes. Bludworth continues to the kitchen. Bludworth freezes, expression mortified. CAMERA PULLS BACK REVEALING Billy sitting at the table in the dark; drinking a glass of milk and eating... his Christmas cookies, appearing like shapes of charred jerky with frosting and sprinkles. As Billy calmly finishes his snack, CAMERA CRANES DOWN until the corpse of his mother ENTERS THE F.G...
33) 8) text: What a laugh it would have been/ if daddy had only seen/Mommy kissing Santa Claus last night! CAMERA TRACKS parallel to the rooms, REVEALING a window in which hangs a small holly wreath with white micro lights. MEGAN HELMS, 23, can be seen pacing angrily while on her cell phone. Although furious with whomever is on the receiving end, Megan is clearly trying to keep her voice DOWN. She pulls the phone away and flips it off before hanging up. CAMERA MOVES PAST HER WINDOW just as Megan sits at her desk before an open laptop and looks sickened, at the monitor. The next room is dark, yet not vacant. Attractive and urban, LAUREN HANNON, 21, leans out over the sill of her open window smoking a cigarette. CAMERA CONTINUES as she shudders at the mounting storm and exhales, somewhat sad, before dropping the butt into a beer bottle. CAMERA CONTINUES TO the next room in which CLAIR CROSBY, 20, appears excited, yet anxious while pacing with a sheet of high quality gift wrapping paper, cellophane tape, ribbons and scissors. As she sits, Clair disappears from view... CAMERA BEGINS RISING... toward the third story, while also PUSHING IN ON a gabled window framed with Christmas lights on the top level of the house. Behind the weathered mutins stands an illuminated plastic Santa Claus. The window is ajar; softly KNOCKING against the sill... 34 35 36 17. From the dim spill of the decorative lights, it is apparent the large area behind the window is not a living space, but, rather, the attic which was once Billy Lenz's room.
35) 0) text: CAMERA MOVES THROUGH a corridor of dark wood walls and hardwood floors lit with a string of Christmas lights. The sconces are turned off. CAMERA PUSHES past Clair's room and toward a corner of the ceiling at the shadowy end of the hall, REVEALING an attic trap door. The door lifts. CREAKS...
42) 52) text: The information goes unregistered as everyone is focused on the rising confrontation. Lauren glares at Heather...
42) 61) dialog: In sorority terms, EVE GUARALDI, 23, is a "mistake." A quiet girl whom events in her life could have caused her either to blossom into a social butterfly or a sullen creepy misfit. The latter is the case. The lenses of her glasses are thick, suggesting a past injury rather than merely vision dysfunction. Eve's physical features could pass for an adult Agnes. 32. Wearing a coat and duffel bag over her shoulder, Eve appears ready to leave. She extends a present, wrapped in newspaper, to Heather.
42) 62) dialog: Merry Christmas, Heather. As Eve looks up and smiles... CAMERA INCHES IN... unnerving.
42) 63) dialog: Merry Christmas, everyone. (beat) You're all, like... my family, now.
42) 68) dialog: I know you like the Bible 'n' stuff. The others exchange "She is so weird" glances. Ms. Mac seizes upon the gift exchange goodwill, albeit a creepy one, to get things back to a lighter mood...
42) 70) dialog: Heather continues up the stairs while Eve starts down, averting her eyes, as if sad and troubled as Heather passes...
47) 0) text: CAMERA MOVES ALONG the base of the house, then TILTS up along a lattice, covered with bare Winter vines, running the height of the house seemingly to Megan's second level window with the small holly wreath and white micro lights, yet, also, the plastic Santa stands entry just above in the attic window. A gloved hand reaches out and takes hold of the lattice. CAMERA RISES, as the unseen figure begins to climb...
48) 0) text: CAMERA IS LOW, near the floor and obliquely angled; 49PT voyeuristic. The texture within THE FRAME is grainy and coarse. A bed is in the b.g., the lighting is low. Visible IN FRAME, a poster of "Alex de Large," Malcolm McDowell in "Clockwork Orange," false eyelash accentuating his maniacal eye, is set directly over the bed with clear push pins. Megan ENTERS FRAME and sits on the bed... CAMERA BEGINS PULLING BACK REVEALING CAMERA has actually been watching Megan's laptop monitor. An Quicktime file plays beside a fileshare website entitled: EYEJACK. The name of the file is... "CLEMENT UNIVERSITY BITCH IN
65) 0) text: pauses, as if reacting to the subtle THUMP of the closing attic door, however, she is actually considering the news...
81) 0) text: CAMERA TRACKS ACROSS several unmarked gravestones until STOPPING on one.
86) 0) text: The hallway wall acts as a WIPE as CAMERA APPROACHES the top of the stairs... REVEALING... in the living room... a mysterious figure; BACK to CAMERA, wearing a long dark coat, gloves, and covered head, looking toward the Christmas tree.
88) 0) text: CAMERA PUSHES IN ON the back of the figure's head as it turns toward CAMERA and removes the hood REVEALING a beautiful brunette woman in her early thirties; noir-dark and with an edge of mystery. She is LEIGH CROSBY and doesn't appear very enthused about being here. Her voice is sensual and husky... 86 87 49.
100) 0) text: Heather holds in the hallway just outside Eve's room. She reaches into her pocket, removes her cell, and opens it. 98 99 57. The light from the display acts as a make-shift flashlight.
101) 0) text: Kyle appears guilty and, somewhat, relieved...
102) 0) text: Heather moves around Eve's dark room by the light of her cell phone display. She opens some drawers in the bureau and subtly rifles through some underwear and t-shirts. 100 101 58.
104) 0) text: With a startle, the CLOSET DOOR slides open. The contents inside are disheveled...
109) 0) text: Even in the candle light, Lauren is pale and clammy as she sits back on her haunches and catches her breath.
126) 0) text: She is met by a form. Leigh startles, but the flashlight REVEALS a large plastic Santa Claus head. Eerie in the low angle flashlight.
129) 0) text: COVERING any SOUNDS below the house, Heather MARCHES down the stairs into the living room. Kelli is on the couch, crying, seated beside an increasingly anxious Ms. Mac. Leigh pokes at the logs with an improvised tool, milking all the light and heat out of the fire. 126 127 128 68. Kelli takes a drink from any available alcohol on the table as Heather moves to the headless imitation Cabbage Patch doll wrapped in newspaper. She picks it up, then displays Eve's photocopied news stories about Billy.
134) 0) text: CAMERA is in Eve's room as the door opens and Leigh enters. The girls muted VOICES are barely audible...
145) 0) text: The driver's side front end of Eve's car FILLS THE FRAME as Heather approaches, followed by Leigh. Heather aims her flashlight toward the Corolla's interior...
147) 0) text: Heather's flashlight beam FLARES INTO CAMERA as she APPROACHES the rear end of Eve's car. The back of a head and shoulders can be seen resting against the driver's window...
152) 0) text: The door BURST open! Melissa tenses in the doorway, as she looks 0.S. CAMERA PULLS BACK, REVEALING a motionless mass beneath comforter and sheets... Melissa steadies herself, then inches toward the bed. With dread and fear, she reaches out and grabs a piece of the comforter. She whips off the covers...
156) 0) text: CAMERA LEADS Ms. Mac and Heather, hustling to the car. Their footsteps CLICK and CRUNCH on the icy surface until Ms. Mac falls. Heather has difficulty with her own footing while helping Ms. Mac to her feet. They manage to proceed toward the driveway REVEALING a dented and dinged '66 Pontiac Parisienne and not in cherry condition. The wheel wells are rusted. Much of this is difficult to discern as the Pontiac is encrusted with ice and snow.
163) 0) text: Kelli, Leigh, and Melissa eye one another, relieved...
173) 0) text: Ms. Mac's dead body lies slumped against the garage door preventing it from opening. Then... a form ENTERS FRAME... just a shoulder... and HOLDS. 166 167 168 169 86.
177) 2) text: REVEALS CAMERA is looking at Lauren through Eve's gift to Heather, the glass unicorn's horn.
178) 0) text: The fire is dead. The room, dark and icy blue. Blood stained and perspiring, even in the cold house, Kelli and Leigh run into the living room from the kitchen. OUTSIDE, a THUMP, THUMP, like heavy footsteps. Kelli looks toward the front window...
182) 0) text: CAMERA PULLS BACK from the threshold as Kelli and Leigh enter REVEALING... Melissa is gone. Lauren, however, remains in bed. One bare foot is out over the side outside of the covers. She lies on her back with her arm, the crook of her inner elbow, over her eyes.
196) 0) text: Initially, Leigh is confused. Kelli's CRIES, however, can be heard within the wall. Leigh moves to the wall and places her ear against the wood, trying to determine Kelli's position.
224) 1) text: CAMERA IS MOVING DOWN THE HALLWAY. The hospital is chaotic due to events at Phi Kappa and the ice storm. STAFF, NURSES, DOCTORS and E.M.T.S are crisscrossing the FRAME...
225) 0) text: This is a two bed hospital room. An ELDERLY MAN sits up in bed as family members gather around the bed, exchanging Christmas presents. The family appears happy and are LAUGHING. In the b.g., the TELEVISION is on LOW... As Leigh enters, however, they turn respectfully quiet, as if aware she was involved in the evening's horrific events. Leigh eyes them, forces a smile and continues across the room.
226) 0) text: CAMERA is several stories high, looking through the window, framed with Christmas lights. The phone continues RINGING, HEARD at the volume inside the hospital room. Once outside, the wind WHISTLES... the storm settling. CAMERA now RISES, leaving Kelli and Leigh, still staring at the phone. They CLEAR FRAME as CAMERA CONTINUES TO RISE UP a brick wall until eight plastic illuminated reindeer and a Santa Claus appear on the roof against the dark snowy sky. Seeing when you're sleeping. Knowing... when you're awake.