33) 8) text: What a laugh it would have been/ if daddy had only seen/Mommy kissing Santa Claus last night! CAMERA TRACKS parallel to the rooms, REVEALING a window in which hangs a small holly wreath with white micro lights. MEGAN HELMS, 23, can be seen pacing angrily while on her cell phone. Although furious with whomever is on the receiving end, Megan is clearly trying to keep her voice DOWN. She pulls the phone away and flips it off before hanging up. CAMERA MOVES PAST HER WINDOW just as Megan sits at her desk before an open laptop and looks sickened, at the monitor. The next room is dark, yet not vacant. Attractive and urban, LAUREN HANNON, 21, leans out over the sill of her open window smoking a cigarette. CAMERA CONTINUES as she shudders at the mounting storm and exhales, somewhat sad, before dropping the butt into a beer bottle. CAMERA CONTINUES TO the next room in which CLAIR CROSBY, 20, appears excited, yet anxious while pacing with a sheet of high quality gift wrapping paper, cellophane tape, ribbons and scissors. As she sits, Clair disappears from view... CAMERA BEGINS RISING... toward the third story, while also PUSHING IN ON a gabled window framed with Christmas lights on the top level of the house. Behind the weathered mutins stands an illuminated plastic Santa Claus. The window is ajar; softly KNOCKING against the sill... 34 35 36 17. From the dim spill of the decorative lights, it is apparent the large area behind the window is not a living space, but, rather, the attic which was once Billy Lenz's room.
40) 0) text: CAMERA IS MOVING past the blinking Christmas lights in the dark vacant hallway. Lauren exits and steps into the dim hallway as Kelli bounds up the stairs...
41) 4) dialog: Reacts incredulous and impatient with Megan's behavior...
41) 5) dialog: I realize you're an only child, so let me explain... Christmas is just Darwin. The weak get eaten. Lauren POUNDS on Clair's door. Then, like a Marine Corp D.I.
41) 6) dialog: We're opening presents, NOW! If you're not down there, your gifts will be mine. Lauren walks away from Clair's door without awaiting a response. She tosses to Kelli...
42) 3) dialog: He's gonna be pih-issed, then come back here and eat us. Ms. Mac reacts to the residue smell of cigarettes left in Lauren's wake.
42) 5) dialog: Must've been Billy's ghost.
42) 14) dialog: Christmas is more about warding off evil spirits than Halloween.
42) 17) text: Heather is rattled and not as good at rancorous debate as Lauren, who knows it...
42) 18) dialog: What Christmas shit in this room reflects anything Christian? Huh? The girls pause, then look about the room as Lauren randomly points at various Christmas decorations...
42) 19) dialog: It's all neo-pagan magik. Christmas tree's a magical rite ensuring the return of the crops. Mistletoe is a conception charm...
42) 21) dialog: Fifth century Christians jacked a Roman winter festival. Twelve days in December when the nights were long and the earth was roamed by the demons of chaos.
42) 23) dialog: And fuckin' Santa Claus? This voyeur that watches you all year and determines if you've behaved to his standards of decency before breaking into your house in the middle of the night? And that's different from what Billy did, how? Ms. Mac smiles as she pulls a toasted marshmallow off the fork and into her mouth as she returns to the tree...
42) 32) dialog: Yeah, he's in trouble. Dude's whackin' off with egg nog lube. Melissa GIGGLES and begins adding to the joke, until... The PHONE ERUPTS with a nightmarish cacophony of VOICES; women, men, a crying baby. INSANE and DEMONIC; intertwined with one another. GROANS, DISTANT SHRIEKS, CACKLES; it SOUNDS as if a Dore etching of Hell could speak. Meanwhile, Bing Crosby's rendition of "I'll Be Home For Christmas" plays low on the living room C.D. Meant to be comforting, it subliminally adds to the tension... CAMERA SLOWLY CIRCLES the stunned Phi Kappa sisters' FACES listening to the awful SOUNDS emitting from the phone. Then, cutting through the STATIC of eerie VOICES... yet remaining distant... a VOICE... neither male or female, yet an absolutely crone-like cackle...
42) 37) dialog: Hey, shouldn't you get goin'? Don't you have lots of toys to deliver tonight to good little boys and girls? While Melissa LAUGHS, Dana and Ms. Mac gesture for Lauren to hang up. Lauren gestures, as if, "don't worry." The voice lowers an octave with insane intensity and, most chilling, extremely matter of fact... 30.
42) 40) dialog: Puh-lease. Police ain't gonna do shit about one whack job phone call.
42) 42) dialog: Campus security? That's probably who just called.
42) 52) text: The information goes unregistered as everyone is focused on the rising confrontation. Lauren glares at Heather...
42) 53) dialog: What would you know about dealing with anyone other than a NASCAR dad? Heather's eyes flare with anger. She steps aggressively toward Lauren. Kelli places a restraining hand on Heather...
42) 55) dialog: Yeah, yeah, run to daddy.
46) 0) text: Melissa takes pity on Lauren who sits with a glass of wine and no Christmas present...
46) 2) dialog: She get me anything good?
46) 5) dialog: Hey, Mel... um... this music box deal? Is there, like, a cigarette inside it, or anything?
46) 9) dialog: Oh, hell no! But Kelli starts up the stairs. Lauren sighs, drunken...
46) 10) dialog: I'm startin' to see sugar plum fairies, I don't need to hear the little fuckers, too.
60) 2) dialog: Damn! If I don't hear "The Sugar Plum Fairies," I'll just die! OVERLAPPING... the afore-mentioned MUSIC begins...
63) 0) text: Dana wiggles a Jeff Stryker silicon dildo. She eyes Lauren...
70) 0) text: The SCREAMS can be HEARD downstairs. The girls and Ms. Mac immediately race toward the stairs. Lauren stands, but drunkenly swoons, before moving toward the stairs.
71) 8) dialog: You think we're fuckin' stupid? You were in Megan's room. The call just came from from Megan's cell. Unaware of the recent phone calls, Kyle assumes this is an accusation of infidelity and tenses, acts innocent...
73) 0) text: Kyle keeps a cautious eye on Kelli inside the room while Lauren keeps a suspicious eye on Kyle...
77) 0) text: Lauren's eyes burn a hole in Kyle. Her tone, accusatory...
77) 1) dialog: Where did you hear that he's dead?
77) 3) dialog: Oh, yeah, you're right. Billy Lenz is my life. Kyle eyes her with resentment and dislike...
94) 2) text: The girls keep their distance from the doll. Each, too anxious to sit. Except Lauren, whose eyes are red and unfocused from drinking. She points to Leigh...
94) 3) dialog: She must of put it there. She "found" it. 53.
94) 15) dialog: But... Kyle did. Heather holds on the stairway as everyone considers...
97) 0) text: Dana, Heather, Lauren and Ms. Mac weigh their suspicions about Kyle...
97) 1) dialog: Kyle was in Megan's room. That last call came from Megan's cell. What more do you want?
99) 0) text: Dana and Ms. Mac help Lauren up the dark stairs. Orange fireplace light creates long, wavering, macabre shadows.
103) 0) text: Melissa and Leigh exit Clair's room, reacting to Kelli's screams while Ms. Mac and Dana hustle Lauren toward the bathroom until blocked by Kelli and Kyle storming into the hallway.
106) 0) text: The room is dark. The door opens, adding a bit of light. Melissa guides Lauren to her knees over the toilet basin. Lauren holds in that position as Melissa moves to the counter, feels for some matches, and begins lighting candles.
106) 1) dialog: CAMERA IS BEHIND HER, ON the FLOOR as she vomits. An amber glow fills the room. Lauren's vomiting is intense. Her toes curl against the floor of old black and white octagon tiles. As her toe inadvertently flips one loose...
109) 0) text: Even in the candle light, Lauren is pale and clammy as she sits back on her haunches and catches her breath.
109) 1) dialog: Mel... you're a better sister to me than my sister... Aware Lauren's sentiments derive from intoxication, Melissa smiles...
109) 3) dialog: You know what I'm sayin'...
109) 8) dialog: Lauren removes her bra, then begins pulling down her jeans...
109) 11) dialog: Encircled by a dark frame, Lauren is partially obscured as she head under the cold stream..
109) 15) dialog: Unobstructed and unaware, stands nearly over CAMERA... 106 107 63.
111) 1) dialog: As she dries off, the bathroom door OPENS and Melissa returns.
115) 0) text: Melissa guides Lauren, dressed in t-shirt and thong underwear, into her bed. Melissa pulls up the covers...
166) 1) text: Kelli looks to Melissa and Leigh while Lauren remains dead to the world on her bed...
177) 0) text: Darkness. O.S., the rhythmic CLICK... CLICK... CLICK... of mechanized winding. Clair's gift to Lauren, the music box, is SET INTO FRAME by a hand with blood stained fingers. The doll turns as "Dance of the Sugar Plum Fairy" begins...
177) 1) dialog: Asleep. Her image is odd, distorted; light bending and refracting colors...
177) 2) text: REVEALS CAMERA is looking at Lauren through Eve's gift to Heather, the glass unicorn's horn.
177) 3) text: The ornament is clutched by a hand stained with sweat and blood. After a beat... the ornament moves... toward Lauren. 170 171 172 173 87.
177) 6) dialog: Hmm. Yeah. Merry Fucking Christmas. Lauren's eyes suddenly flash with horror...
182) 0) text: CAMERA PULLS BACK from the threshold as Kelli and Leigh enter REVEALING... Melissa is gone. Lauren, however, remains in bed. One bare foot is out over the side outside of the covers. She lies on her back with her arm, the crook of her inner elbow, over her eyes.
183) 0) text: CAMERA BEGINS MOVING DOWN THE HALL, as if a P.O.V. Flashlight seeps from beneath the door inside Lauren's room.
192) 24) dialog: The flickering light dances across her dead, expressionless, face. Her eyes have been removed...