0) 19) dialog: What is it, Vincent?
0) 21) dialog: Native fisherman perhaps. (shouts) Mr. Calamy! Midshipman CALAMY comes running forward.
0) 22) dialog: The lead, if you please. Young CALAMY takes the lead, scrambles into the chains at bow of the ship and throws out the lead line. HOLLOM takes up a telescope and searches through the eddi of fog. Over HOLLOM's P.O.V. we can hear CALAMY sounding the dept
0) 24) dialog: Well. It can't have been a reef marker. CALAMY, unconvinced, checks through his own telescope
0) 25) dialog: False alarm Mr CALAMY CALAMY ignores him, still scanning
0) 38) dialog: I saw nothing, nor heard anything either. Shall I ask them men to stand down? JACK steps closer to the bow, and again lifts his telesco
0) 50) dialog: ...C-cast loose now... Um swab. That's right. Run out your guns. The men work as a team, largely ignoring Hollom's hesitan instructions. The shot rack is empty
0) 232) text: Weigh anchor! All hands to make sail. Mr Hollom!
0) 234) text: Bear a hand there you fellows! The men he is addressing, shoot him a look of distaste wh unsettles Hollom slightly, then they assist him pulling o rope
0) 268) text: 'Spitfire', hop to it. BLAKENEY takes command of the gun. To one side CALAMY is charge of 'Beelzebub', on the other side HOLLOM is now directing 'Sudden Death'. Once again the orders are given, and the crews, now compe with each other, go through the sequence: 'Out Tompions', 'Cast loose your guns', 'Cartridge. Ball. Prime. Run out gun. Prime. Aim. Stand clear... Fire!!'
0) 321) text: Farewell and adieu you fine Spanish ladies Farewell and adieu to you ladies of Spain... The older midshipman, HOLLOM joins in, his fine voice soa effortlessly over the others, hijacking their roistering ballad and converting it to something much more poignant. HOLLOM
0) 323) text: What a wonderfully true voice Mr. Hollom does possess.
0) 399) text: Help them with that mizzen topgallant! You go too, Mr. Hollom! HOLLOM looks desperate as he follows WARLEY up the ratlin of the mizzen. 154.   MIZZEN TOPgallant MAST WARLEY works frantically. He's out on the yardarm high ab the raging sea. He shouts for HOLLOM to join him, but HOL is still in the top, some twenty feet below, unable or unwilling to climb any higher.
0) 432) text: Cast off. The new yard flails around on its pulley, bashing dangero against the mast. Almost claiming Nagel HOLLOM (CONT'D)
0) 461) text: That engagement off Recife: his whole gun crew killed and him not a mark on him. Soon as he went up the mizzen mast Warley falls. And whose watch was it when we lost our wind? HOLLOM sees them looking at him.
0) 481) text: I heard he were on the Fair Marion as foundered off Tresco. And he were on the Zephyrus what exploded at Trafalgar. HOLLOM has heard this, as DAVIES intended, but he looks a choosing to ignore them.
0) 508) text: The man pushed past you without making his obedience. And yet you said nothing. HOLLOM
0) 510) text: 'The right words'? He failed to salute you. It's deliberate insubordination. HOLLOM looks at the floor, mumbles - HOLLOM
0) 512) text: They what? Speak up, man! HOLLOM raises his head and looks at JACK, his eyes shiny tears and when he opens his mouth the words tumble out in rush. HOLLOM
0) 514) text: You can't make 'friends' with the foremast jacks, they'll despise you in the end. Nor do you need be a tyrant. It's leadership they want, strength, respect. HOLLOM
0) 516) text: You're what twenty-three, twenty-four? HOLLOM
0) 518) text: You've failed to pass for lieutenant twice. You can't spend the rest of your life as a midshipman. HOLLOM
0) 520) text: Well, it's an unfortunate business, Hollom. Damned unfortunate. KILLICK seems to endorse this by placing the captain's ha emphatically on JACK's head. Jack turns and strides out of the cabin, HOLLOM following slowly after him.
0) 524) text: Have his officers anything to say for him? DAVIES and KILLICK scowl across the deck at HOLLOM, who l wretched but says nothing. JACK (CONT'D)
0) 545) text: You know Nagel was drunk when he insulted Hollom. And Higgins is never sober. Even the midshipmen... JACK
0) 557) text: Are you all right, Hollom? HOLLOM shakes his head miserably, hyperventilating. CALAMY
0) 601) text: It's Mr. Hollom, sir, you better come quick.
0) 603) text: Mr Hollom. Sir. Try to contain yourself. Hold his head. Mr Hollom. Padeen 201.        STEPHEN'S CABIN - NIGHT. Stephen is writing some case notes in his journal, when J puts his head around the door. Stephens POV: The lamp, lighting his face from below and one side, gives a strange lopsided twist to Jacks smile JACK
0) 610) text: Mr. Hollom! You gave me such a start. Are you better now? HOLLOM's breathing does indeed seem easier. HOLLOM
0) 612) text: I think the creature is going away. HOLLOM
0) 613) text: I am sure of it. He reaches down, picks up a 12 pound cannonball. HOLLOM (CONT'D)
0) 614) text: You've always been very kind to me. Goodbye, Blakeney. With a sudden movement he's on the gunwale, then he jumps over the side the cannonball in his arms. BLAKENEY looks down with shock to see HOLLOM's pale face receding from him into the depths. It's a moment before h gathers his wits to shout - BLAKENEY
0) 617) text: The fact is, [   ] not all of us become the men we once hoped we might be. But we are all God's creatures. If some of us thought ill of Mr. Hollom, or spoke ill of him, or failed him in respect of fellowship, then we ask your forgiveness, Lord, and we ask for his. Close on the faces of the crew - KILLICK, HIGGINS, NAGEL, CALAMY, BLAKENEY and finally Stephen who is staring oddly Jack, as though holding him partly responsible for this latest tragedy. JACK (CONT'D)