4) 0) text: An attractive man and woman walk quickly through the fron of a small New York cafe. They are charged with nervous,  excited energy. The man is DEAN KEATON, a well dressed, sturdy looking ma in his forties with slightly graying hair. He looks much  better than he did in the opening scene. The woman with h is EDIE FINNERAN, age thirty-three, poised and attractive Easily the calmer of the two.
4) 3) dialog: Let me look at you. Keaton is uncomfortable in his suit, or perhaps the situa Still, he smiles with genuine warmth. Edie straightens his tie and picks microscopic imperfecti from his lapel.
4) 4) dialog: Now remember, this is another kind  of business. They don't earn your  respect.  You owe it to them. Don't  stare them down but don't look away  either. Confidence.  They are fools  not to trust you. That's the attitude.
4) 6) dialog: You've come far. You're a good man.  I love you. Keaton blinks then stammers, looking for a response.
4) 8) dialog: Live with it. She kisses him and runs down the steps with Keaton close  behind. Keaton playfully grabs her ass and she nearly stu down the stairs.
5) 4) dialog: Sorry we're late.
5) 8) dialog: I'm sorry. Dean Keaton. Renault's hand is already out.
5) 12) text: Edie's hand reaches out and finds Keaton's leg. Her hand  runs high up his inner thigh and squeezes firmly. Her face is absolutely calm, giving no hint of what her h is doing. Keaton smiles and clears his throat.
25) 0) text: Keaton stops at the top of the front steps of the police  station and lights a cigarette. Edie comes out behind him fuming mad.
25) 1) dialog: ...and the desk Sergeant is actually  trying to tell me he can't release  you?  Can you believe that? You  weren't even charged. New York police -  Jesus. I want to take pictures of  your face to bring to the D.A. first  thing in the morning.
25) 3) dialog: Absolutely not. Keaton looks to his right and sees Hockney trying to hail cab.
25) 4) dialog: I'11 have this thing in front of a  grand jury by Monday.
25) 6) dialog: They want more time to think about  investing.
25) 8) dialog: They just said they wanted time.
25) 12) dialog: Give me some credit. I got you this  far, let's go to the grand jury.  This is never going to stop if we -
25) 14) dialog: Don't give up on me now, Dean.
25) 16) dialog: I love you.
25) 19) dialog: Dean, I love you. Do you hear me? Verbal gets to the sidewalk and stops. He turns, realizin it is Keaton on the steps.
25) 20) dialog: Let's just go to my place. We'll  worry about this tomorrow. Keaton and Verbal look at one another for a moment. Keato then looks over to the newsstand and sees Fenster looking him.
25) 24) dialog: Come home with me, please. Dean? Keaton looks at Hockney who has one foot in a cab. He is  looking at Fenster and McManus who are looking at Keaton. This makes Hockney look up at Keaton as well. SUDDENLY, Edie tunes in to what is going on. She notices others on the street. She reaches over and takes Keaton b the arm, pulling gently. She glares at the others.
25) 25) dialog: Come home, Dean.
25) 27) text: Alright. Verbal looks at everyone else from where he stands on the street. Fenster, McManus and Hockney all look at him and  then at each other. It is a strange moment of unspoken  understanding. All eyes finally turn to Keaton, high on the front steps the police station as he walks away with Edie.
27) 3) dialog: Dean, who was at the - She stops when she sees Verbal. Verbal stands and smiles  nervously.
27) 6) dialog: (Cold)
27) 9) dialog: I hope so, too, Mr. Kint. Can I get  you something to drink?
27) 20) dialog: So what is it you do, Mr. Kint?
27) 22) dialog: A hijacker like Dean, here? Or  something more creative?
27) 24) dialog: (Angry)
27) 27) dialog: I've spent the last year of my life  putting his back together again - I  won't have you come in here and -  What makes you think - GET OUT. GET 
27) 32) dialog: Don't touch me. Just don't. She turns and walks out of the room. Somewhere in the bac of the apartment, a door slams. Keaton turns and glares at Verbal. Verbal cringes.
39) 7) text: She'll understand. Edie is smiling and laughing with the old woman. Keaton's face is marked with guilt and anguish. Keaton turns and walks out of the waiting room. Verbal ta one last glance at Edie and turns back to Keaton.
40) 0) text: Edie seems to sense something behind her. She turns and l through the glass doors and up into the waiting room. NOTHING IS THERE. She goes back to chatting with the old  woman.
74) 0) text: Everyone follows Kobayashi quietly down a dimly lit, oak- lined hallway. Verbal holds a small pistol discreetly in small of Kobayashi's back. They come to a glass office foyer. Kobayashi gestures and everyone looks through the glass into the lobby beyond. EDIE FINNERAN is talking casually with the receptionist.
75) 0) text: Edie glances toward the men in the hall. Keaton turns quickly on his heels, facing the others. Fro where Edie stands, it looks as though Kobayashi is talkin to a group of harmless maintenance men. They see A LARGE MAN dressed very much like the two dead  bodies left in the hall downstairs. The man notices Kobay and the others. He stands and stares menacingly.