3) 0) text: FRED FENSTER, a tall, thin man in his thirties strolls  casually down the street. He is dressed conspicuously in loud suit and tie with shoes that have no hope of matchin He smokes a cigarette and chews gum at the same time. He happens to glance over his shoulder and notice a brown Ford sedan with four men in it cruising along the curb. H picks up his step a little. The Ford keeps up. He looks ahead at the corner. He tries to look as comfort as he can, checking his watch as though remembering an  appointment he is late for. The Ford stays right on him. SUDDENLY, he bolts. He gets no more than a few yards befo cars pour out of every conceivable nook and cranny. Brake are squealing, radios squawking, guns cocking. Fenster is surrounded instantly. He stops short and flaps his hands his thighs in defeat.
8) 1) text: ROGER KINT, VERBAL to his few friends. He has a deeply li face, making his thirty-odd years a good guess at best. F his twisted left hand, we can see that he suffers from a  slight but not debilitating palsy. Behind him are Dean Ke Fred Fenster, McManus and Todd Hockney.  Verbal steps thr the door, followed by the rest.
11) 0) text: Now Fenster is in the seat. He sweats profusely.
11) 1) dialog: I want to call my lawyer. I don't  know about any truck. I was in  Connecticut all night on Friday.
11) 4) dialog: Who?
11) 6) dialog: Was it the one about the hooker with  dysentery I swear, she never mentioned  money until I came.
11) 10) dialog: To be honest, it was more like a  mobile home. She made a lot of money,  too.
11) 12) dialog: Hey, are we talking about the same  thing?
11) 15) dialog: You guys got nothing on me. Where's  your probable cause?
11) 17) dialog: HELLO? Can you hear me in the back?  P.C. He looks under his chair.
11) 18) dialog: Where is it? I'm lookin'. It's not  happening. What's going on with that?  I want-- Hockney's turn in the chair. He laughs it all off.
13) 0) text: Keaton is brought in to a holding where he joins Fenster, Hockney, Verbal and McManus. He sits in a corner and keep to himself. Fenster is in mid-tirade.
13) 1) dialog: Somebody should do something. What  is this shit - getting hauled in  every five minutes?  Okay, so I did  a little time, does that mean I get  railed every time a truck finds its  way off the planet? McManus is silently staring at Keaton, who sits on a benc looking away.
13) 3) dialog: You're fuckin' A right, no P.C. Well  screw P.C. No right. No goddamn right.   You do some time, they never let you  go.  Treat me like a criminal, I'll  end up a criminal.
13) 7) dialog: Why you gotta go and do that? I'm  trying to make a point.
13) 18) dialog: I'd say you've gotten on his main  and central nerve, McManus.
13) 23) dialog: Forget him. It's not important. I  was trying to make a point.
13) 28) dialog: So why the hell was I hauled in and  cavity searched tonight?
13) 30) dialog: I had a guy's fingers in my asshole  tonight.
13) 32) dialog: Fuck you. I'11 never shit right again.  So who did it? Own up.
25) 27) text: Alright. Verbal looks at everyone else from where he stands on the street. Fenster, McManus and Hockney all look at him and  then at each other. It is a strange moment of unspoken  understanding. All eyes finally turn to Keaton, high on the front steps the police station as he walks away with Edie.
38) 0) text: Hockney, Fenster, McManus and Verbal are all laughing in secluded garage. They are still in their black clothes fr the robbery. Hockney is throwing everyone a can of beer. Keaton sits off by himself. He watches the others, unable join in the festivities. The others sit around a cheap card table. It is covered w emeralds. Dozens of them. Everyone is in awe.
38) 11) dialog: Then who goes?
46) 4) dialog: Getting by.
48) 0) text: Verbal sits behind the wheel. Keaton is beside him. Hockn and Fenster are in the back. They all watch McManus from  where they are parked a few dozen yards away.
49) 10) dialog: 
55) 23) text: Mr. Fenster and Mr. McManus hijacked  a twin-prop cargo flight earlier  this year out of Newark airport. The  plane was carrying platinum and gold  wiring. Also set for Pakistan. Kobayashi turns and points at Hockney.
55) 37) dialog: So why tell us?
55) 52) dialog: Everybody I ever worked with, did  time with.
55) 55) dialog: I don't know. Who was that guy that  used to talk about Soze in New York?
55) 57) dialog: Yeah. He said he did jobs for him.   Indirect stuff. Always five times  more money than the job was worth.
55) 59) dialog: I don't know. This is bad.
55) 61) dialog: The way I hear it, Soze is some kind  of butcher. No pity.
65) 0) text: Everyone digs in the sand on the deserted beach with thei hands. They are up to their waists in the hole they have  scooped out. Fenster's body is a few feet away.