2) 0) text: An old paint mixer vibrates furiously. TODD HOCKNEY, a dark, portly man in his thirties is worki on an old Fire-bird. A YOUNG HISPANIC KID mixes paint a few feet away. SUDDENLY, the garage door opens TO REVEAL: A row of five men silhouetted by the bright sun. Hockney squints.
2) 1) dialog: Can I help you? Hockney's voice is gruff.
2) 5) dialog: Who are you? All six men INSTANTLY PRODUCE GUNS and aim them at Hockne
2) 7) dialog: We don't do gun repair.
8) 1) text: ROGER KINT, VERBAL to his few friends. He has a deeply li face, making his thirty-odd years a good guess at best. F his twisted left hand, we can see that he suffers from a  slight but not debilitating palsy. Behind him are Dean Ke Fred Fenster, McManus and Todd Hockney.  Verbal steps thr the door, followed by the rest.
9) 7) dialog: Hand-me-the-keys, you-fucking-cock- sucker.
11) 19) dialog: - my lawyer. I'll have your badge, cocksucker.
11) 23) dialog: I know you. You don't think I know  you're on the take. This whole fucking  precinct is dirty. You don't have a  fucking leg to stand on.
11) 26) dialog: I live in Queens. What the fuck is  this?  You come into my store and  lock me up in front of my customers.  What the hell is wrong with this  country? Are you guys gonna charge  me or what?
11) 28) dialog: I'll fuck your father in the shower.   Charge me, dick-head.
13) 0) text: Keaton is brought in to a holding where he joins Fenster, Hockney, Verbal and McManus. He sits in a corner and keep to himself. Fenster is in mid-tirade.
13) 2) dialog: These guys got no probable cause.
13) 6) dialog: You are a criminal.
13) 11) dialog: The word I got is you hung up your  spurs, man. What's that all  about?
13) 13) dialog: Rumor has it, Keaton's gone straight -  cleaning house. I hear he's tapping  Edie Finneran.
13) 15) dialog: She's a heavy-weight criminal lawyer  from uptown. Big-time connected. She  could erase Dillinger's record if  she tried. I hear she's Keaton's  meal ticket. (To Keaton)
13) 31) dialog: Is it Friday already?
13) 37) dialog: Fuck who did it. What I want to know  is, who's the gimp? ALL EYES suddenly turn on Verbal. He has been quietly  listening the whole time without uttering a word.
13) 39) dialog: How do I know that? How about it,  pretzel-man? What's your story?
13) 43) dialog: Yeah, I was gonna tell you to shut  up.
13) 48) dialog: So you did it?
13) 56) dialog: What do you care what he says?
25) 27) text: Alright. Verbal looks at everyone else from where he stands on the street. Fenster, McManus and Hockney all look at him and  then at each other. It is a strange moment of unspoken  understanding. All eyes finally turn to Keaton, high on the front steps the police station as he walks away with Edie.
36) 5) dialog: We do now, Jerk-off.
38) 0) text: Hockney, Fenster, McManus and Verbal are all laughing in secluded garage. They are still in their black clothes fr the robbery. Hockney is throwing everyone a can of beer. Keaton sits off by himself. He watches the others, unable join in the festivities. The others sit around a cheap card table. It is covered w emeralds. Dozens of them. Everyone is in awe.
38) 2) dialog: When does the fence come?
38) 8) dialog: Hold the fuckin' phone. You and  Fenster?  No, no, no.
38) 10) dialog: I'm sure you can understand my  hesitation.
38) 12) dialog: We all go. How about it, Keaton? All eyes turn to Keaton. He comes out of his trance.
46) 9) text: Snazzy dresser this guy. A moment later, the door of the Caddy opens again. Someon hands Redfoot a different briefcase and he walks back ove to McManus. He hands him the case. McManus hands the case back to Hockney. Hockney opens it, revealing the stacks of money inside.
46) 21) dialog: Security?
49) 5) dialog: I get out of the car, and man if the  thing wasn't wrecked. And I see this  broad in the back seat with nothing  on. Saul gets in the car quickly but calmly as Fenster and Ho laugh and talk louder. They look drunk - The desired effe
49) 6) dialog: I'm laughing so hard I can't breathe - Tucci and Higham try to take it all in stride. Saul's rev lights come on and he begins to back out of the spot.
49) 7) dialog: ...And the fat guy comes out of the  car with his pants on backwards and  says - SUDDENLY, the van revs and screeches to a halt behind Sau Mercedes, blocking him in. Hockney and Fenster drop the d act and snap to. They both pull out guns and start scream
49) 8) dialog: 
49) 18) dialog: What the hell?
55) 23) text: Mr. Fenster and Mr. McManus hijacked  a twin-prop cargo flight earlier  this year out of Newark airport. The  plane was carrying platinum and gold  wiring. Also set for Pakistan. Kobayashi turns and points at Hockney.
55) 39) dialog: Who is this guy? How do we know you  work for Soze
55) 48) dialog: They know everything.
55) 53) dialog: They fucking know everything. Keaton pulls out a large black and white photograph of hi and his lawyer EDIE FINNERAN. They are laughing arm in ar by a fountain in New York. He hides the photo from the ot
55) 60) dialog: It's bullshit. This guy could be  L.A.P.D. I think it's a setup.
65) 1) dialog: This is nuts.
65) 3) dialog: This is fucking dry sand, man. When  he rots, the surfers'll smell him  from a hundred yards out.
65) 8) dialog: Keaton, we gotta go. They're gonna  find him.
65) 11) dialog: I can run. I got no problem with  that.
65) 14) dialog: This ain't my boy we're burying. I  don't owe anybody.
65) 16) dialog: Since when?
65) 18) dialog: Fuck that.
68) 0) text: Kobayashi walks through the front door of a plush office  tower followed by two bodyguards. He heads toward the  elevator, failing to notice Hockney a few feet away, read a newspaper. We see a wire running from Hockney's ear to his collar.
68) 3) dialog: He's coming up.
76) 0) text: Keaton, Verbal, Hockney and McManus sit in a rented sedan overlooking San Pedro harbor. Another file from Kobayashi's briefcase is laid out on th dashboard. This has a map and a good fifty pages of  information in it.
76) 2) dialog: Can we stealth these guys?
76) 7) dialog: Me too.
76) 9) dialog: If I'm going in, I want a stake.
78) 0) text: Hockney maneuvers through a mesh of twisted steel, arrivi at a vantage point near the stern of the large boat. HOCKNEY'S P.O.V. A black van pulls up and parks near the crane. Four men i suits get out. One remains with the van and the other thr walk toward the boat. On the boat, five men come up from below deck. They are t and cautious around the men in suits. Someone speaks in  Spanish and someone else in Russian. It takes a moment be anyone speaks the same tongue. They settle on French for  both negotiators. Hockney sits in the van. He handles a large shoulder bag  stuffed with plastique. He tests a timer on top. He picks up a walkie-talkie.
78) 1) dialog: Are we ready, kids?
84) 1) text: A few men standing on the dock near the stern of the larg boat, move towards the commotion. Hockney bails out and runs quickly and quietly through th shadows, bringing the bomb with him.
87) 0) text: Finally two men walk right towards Keaton. The rest train guns on him. They reach for his arms, pointing their guns right at him. At the far end of the dock, Hockney throws his bomb onto stern of the large boat.
91) 0) text: Hockney is firing in all directions. SUDDENLY, he realizes no one is left on the dock.
91) 2) dialog: (In Spanish)
92) 0) text: Hockney, suddenly oblivious to the sound of gunfire, open one of the crates and looks inside. IT IS FILLED WITH MONEY. Cash and negotiable bonds of all kinds. He smiles.
97) 0) text: Verbal arrives at the top of the ramp leading from the do to the pier. He ducks down behind a guardrail beside the  ramp. He turns and sees Hockney's dead body next to the van. He looks around frantically, frozen in terror. It is quiet, except for the sounds of screaming, far off the bowels of the boat and the hum of the crane.
110) 0) text: Verbal approaches the van, stepping over Hockney's body. closes the back doors of the van. He looks to his left at the huge loading crane. He glances upward along the giant arm as it swings steadily on. Somewhere, off in the distance, the sound of SIRENS can b heard.