0) 0) text: A stack of oil drums rests on the stern. They are stacked a palette with ropes at each corner that attach it to a h crane on the dock. One of the barrels has been punctured its base. Gasoline trickles freely from the hole. The flame is racing now towards the barrels. Keaton smile weakly to himself. The flame is within a few yards of the barrels when anoth stream of liquid splashes onto the gas. The flame fizzles out pitifully with a hiss. Two feet straddle the flame. A stream of urine flows onto the deck from between them.
0) 4) dialog: I'd have to say my spine was broken,  Keyser. He spits the name out like it was poison. The man puts the lighter back in his pocket and reaches u his jacket. He produces a stainless .38 revolver.
0) 6) dialog: What time is it? The hand with the gun turns over, turning the gold watch its wrist upward. The sound of sirens is closer now. Headed this way.
4) 0) text: An attractive man and woman walk quickly through the fron of a small New York cafe. They are charged with nervous,  excited energy. The man is DEAN KEATON, a well dressed, sturdy looking ma in his forties with slightly graying hair. He looks much  better than he did in the opening scene. The woman with h is EDIE FINNERAN, age thirty-three, poised and attractive Easily the calmer of the two.
4) 5) dialog: I'm having a stroke.
5) 7) text: You must be Mr. Keaton.
5) 10) dialog: How do you do? They shake hands. Keaton takes Fortier's hand next.
5) 12) text: Edie's hand reaches out and finds Keaton's leg. Her hand  runs high up his inner thigh and squeezes firmly. Her face is absolutely calm, giving no hint of what her h is doing. Keaton smiles and clears his throat.
7) 2) dialog: Skeptical.
7) 4) dialog: It's simple gentlemen, design  versatility. A restaurant that can  change with taste without losing the  overall aesthetic. Our atmosphere  won't be painted on the walls.
7) 6) dialog: Let's say for example -
7) 8) dialog: Dave. I'm in a meeting.
7) 10) dialog: This is my attorney, Edie Finneran. (Gesturing)
7) 13) dialog: This is Mr. Renault and Mr. Fortier. Everyone, this is David Kujan.
7) 15) text: These gentlemen are with the New  York police department. You look  great, Keaton. Better than I would  have thought.
7) 19) dialog: If you will excuse us for a moment,  gentlemen.
7) 22) dialog: Please. Sit. Keaton stands up and throws a wad of money on the table t cover the check. He looks at Edie. She moves to stand, bu he sits her back down with a hand on her shoulder.
7) 23) dialog: Enjoy the meal. (To Edie)
7) 24) text: I'll call you. Kujan takes him by the arm, but Keaton yanks away.
12) 0) text: Now Keaton sits in the chair, cool and indifferent.
12) 3) dialog: With what?
12) 7) dialog: Hey, that was your mistake, not mine.  Did you ever think to ask me? I've  been walking around with the same  face, same name - I'm a businessman,  fellas.
12) 9) dialog: Like I said. It was all your mistake.   Charge me with it and I'll beat it.  Let's get back to the truck. A FIST flies into the frame and connects with Keaton's ja His head snaps back, blood flowing freely from his mouth.
13) 0) text: Keaton is brought in to a holding where he joins Fenster, Hockney, Verbal and McManus. He sits in a corner and keep to himself. Fenster is in mid-tirade.
13) 8) dialog: Then make it. Christ, you're making  me tired all over. McManus looks at Keaton.
13) 10) dialog: You heard right.
13) 21) dialog: Do your friend a favor, Fenster,  keep him quiet .
13) 24) dialog: (Ignoring McManus)
13) 27) dialog: How many times have you been in a  line-up? It's always you and four  dummies. The P.D. pays homeless guys  ten bucks a head half the time. No  way they'd line five felons in the  same row. No way. And what the hell  is a voice line-up? A public defender  could get you off of that.
13) 29) dialog: It was the Feds. A truck load of  guns gets snagged, Customs comes  down on N.Y.P.D. for some answers -  they come up with us. They're grabbing  at straws. It's politics - nothing  you can do.
13) 33) dialog: I don't want to know.
13) 38) dialog: He's alright.
13) 40) dialog: His name is Verbal Kint. I thought  you guys knew him.
13) 44) dialog: We've met once or twice. Last time  was in...
13) 46) dialog: You were waiting for a line-up then,  too.  What happened with that?
13) 52) dialog: (To Hockney)
13) 53) text: Let it go. Verbal smiles at Keaton appreciatively. McManus stands and walks to the toilet in the corner of t cell. He starts taking a leak;
13) 55) dialog: Why don't you just calm down'
13) 61) dialog: I'm not kidding. Shut your mouth.
13) 63) dialog: No, you're missing the point. Shut  up. I don't want to hear anything  you have to say. I don't want to  know about your "job". Just don't
13) 67) dialog: let me hear you. I want nothing to  do with any of you - (Beat)
13) 71) text: Now I can't talk about this here in  any detail, but listen up... Everyone but Keaton gravitates toward McManus's cell as h begins to speak in low, hushed tones.
25) 0) text: Keaton stops at the top of the front steps of the police  station and lights a cigarette. Edie comes out behind him fuming mad.
25) 2) dialog: Just forget about it. He looks across the street and sees Fenster and McManus  talking by a newsstand. McManus is thumbing through magaz
25) 5) dialog: Edie, please. I don't want to hear  this right now. What did Renault and  Fortier say?
25) 7) dialog: Goddamnit.
25) 11) dialog: Time for what, Edie? Time to look  into me a little more, that's what.  No matter how well you cover my tracks  now, they'll find out who I am.
25) 13) dialog: No. It's never going to stop, period.  It won't take more than a week before  every investor in this city is walking  away from us. It's finished. I'm  finished. Just then, Verbal bumps into him on his way out the door. excuses himself and hobbles down the steps, oblivious to he has bumped into as he tries to navigate the stairs.
25) 15) dialog: They'll never stop.
25) 17) dialog: (To himself)
25) 21) dialog: Huh? McManus notices Fenster and glances up from his magazine see what he is looking at.  
25) 26) dialog: (Distant)
25) 27) text: Alright. Verbal looks at everyone else from where he stands on the street. Fenster, McManus and Hockney all look at him and  then at each other. It is a strange moment of unspoken  understanding. All eyes finally turn to Keaton, high on the front steps the police station as he walks away with Edie.
26) 0) text: Verbal stands in front of an apartment door. He hesitates for a long moment before he knocks. After a moment, the door opens and Keaton stands on the o side of it. He is wearing a bathrobe and smoking a cigare He looks at Verbal without any expression whatsoever.
26) 1) dialog: What are you doing here?  How did  you find me?
27) 5) dialog: Verb - Roger, this is Edie Finneran.   Edie, this is Roger Kint, he was at -
27) 11) dialog: What the hell do you want?
27) 13) dialog: I did you a favor by standing up for  you last night, but don't think we're  friends. I'm sorry, but I have other  things -
27) 23) dialog: That's enough, Edie.
27) 26) dialog: Edie, please. Keaton takes Edie by the arm and tries to guide her towar the other room. She pulls away, anger turning to rage.
27) 33) dialog: Get out.
27) 36) dialog: (Seething)
27) 37) text: Hurt you, you sonofabitch? I could  kill you. Keaton starts to shove Verbal out the door.
27) 39) text: They're going to hit the Taxi Service. Keaton freezes. LONG PAUSE.
27) 41) dialog: They - That's bullshit. They don't  operate anymore.
27) 46) dialog: What fence? Who?
27) 48) dialog: Never heard of him. Keaton moves to throw Verbal out. Verbal grabs Keaton and holds tight.
27) 50) dialog: What's with you? What do you care  whether I come or not?
27) 52) dialog: Tough break.
27) 58) dialog: You watch your mouth.
27) 60) text: Okay, okay. You say it's the real  thing?  That's cool. Keaton reaches for Verbal. Verbal flinches. Keaton gently helps him up and guides him to the couch. They both sit. Keaton reaches for a pack of cigarettes and lights one fo each of them.
27) 61) dialog: I apologize. Verbal takes one and has a few drags, catching his breath and rubbing his stomach in pain.  Finally:
27) 63) dialog: You okay?
27) 65) dialog: Well, I'm sorry.
27) 67) text: I'11 probably shit blood tonight. Keaton laughs. Verbal thinks about it for a moment and la with him. Keaton's laughter trails off. He thinks for a moment.
27) 68) dialog: How are they going to do it?
27) 70) dialog: Fenster and Hockney?
27) 74) dialog: Three million?
27) 76) dialog: No killing?
27) 79) dialog: (Lost in thought)
35) 0) text: Through the front windshield of the front van we see Keat at the wheel. Verbal is behind him leaning out the back  window. Beneath Keaton's stocking mask we see he is trembling and sweating - sickened by what he is doing. He glances up at the rear-view mirror and looks at the sc outside. He looks down at the floor in shame, shaking his head.
38) 0) text: Hockney, Fenster, McManus and Verbal are all laughing in secluded garage. They are still in their black clothes fr the robbery. Hockney is throwing everyone a can of beer. Keaton sits off by himself. He watches the others, unable join in the festivities. The others sit around a cheap card table. It is covered w emeralds. Dozens of them. Everyone is in awe.
38) 13) dialog: We need to lay low for a while.
39) 0) text: Keaton and Verbal sit side by side on a sofa. A sign on t door behind them reads: MONTGOMERY and LaGUARDIA - ATTORN AT LAW.
39) 2) dialog: We'll make it.
39) 4) dialog: We'll make it.
39) 7) text: She'll understand. Edie is smiling and laughing with the old woman. Keaton's face is marked with guilt and anguish. Keaton turns and walks out of the waiting room. Verbal ta one last glance at Edie and turns back to Keaton.
46) 0) text: All five guys stand in a group. It is utterly quiet. An old but well kept Cadillac creeps into the lot from th far end and idles up to them. The windows are tinted too  much to see in. The car passes within a few feet of them drives on. A moment later, a chrome and leather monster of a Harley  Davidson pulls into the lot. The rider is dressed in an a comical array of leather, silver and suede. He waves to the Caddy as it parks a few yards from Keaton and the others. It sits quietly, almost menacing. As he gets closer, we can see he is wearing one black boo and one red. Keaton is still looking at them when the bik pulls up to them and stops. REDFOOT and McManus shake hands.
46) 8) dialog: (Whispering)
46) 15) dialog: We're on vacation.
46) 27) dialog: A friend of mine in New York tells  me you knew Spook Hollis.
46) 29) dialog: I shivved him. Now McManus is shooting the angry look at Keaton.
46) 30) dialog: Better you hear it from me now than  somebody else later.
46) 32) dialog: A little of both.
46) 38) dialog: One job, that was the deal.
46) 40) dialog: This is bullshit. McManus laughs and walks away. Fenster and Hockney follow Verbal turns to Keaton.
46) 42) dialog: (Distant)
46) 44) text: I ever tell you about the restaurant  I wanted to open? Keaton walks off. Verbal follows him in confusion.
48) 0) text: Verbal sits behind the wheel. Keaton is beside him. Hockn and Fenster are in the back. They all watch McManus from  where they are parked a few dozen yards away.
49) 12) dialog: Give me the case. Saul reaches over for the case. Keaton trains the gun on  him. SUDDENLY, Saul comes up with a pistol and points it at Ke Keaton sidesteps and grabs his wrist. The gun goes off in the fender of the Honda. Hockney and Fenster both look over at the sound of the gu
49) 23) dialog: Move. Keaton reaches into the car and grabs Saul's case. Everyo else piles into the van. Keaton gets in as Verbal is driv for the exit.
50) 0) text: The mood in the van is grim. Everyone is silent. Keaton p the clasps on the case and opens it.
50) 1) dialog: Son of a bitch. Everyone looks in the case. It is filled with cash on one side. The other side is filled with clear plastic bags of WHITE POWDER.
51) 0) text: Keaton and the others stand in silhouette in front of the lights of an oncoming car in the distance. We can make ou McManus loading a gun.
51) 1) dialog: What are you doing?
51) 3) dialog: We did it your way. Now I'11 deal  with him.
51) 5) dialog: I'm going to deal with him. The car, Redfoot's escort Caddy, is now in front of them. The horn lets out three short blasts. Redfoot comes around from behind the Caddy on his motorcy
51) 10) dialog: You didn't know.
51) 12) dialog: Who is he?
51) 14) dialog: We want to meet him.
51) 16) dialog: Tell him we'll meet.
55) 0) text: Keaton stands while the rest sit and listen.
55) 1) dialog: So I need to know if anyone can think  of anybody. Somebody with power.   Enough to possibly track us from New  York.
55) 8) dialog: What can we do for you?
55) 10) dialog: Who's your boss?
55) 12) dialog: Don't jerk me off. We all know what  this is. You don't work with me if I  work with you without knowing who  I'm working for.  Now let's cut the  shit. Who's the man?
55) 14) dialog: What is this?
55) 21) dialog: An order.
55) 33) dialog: You set up the line-up.
55) 35) dialog: What about Redfoot?
55) 45) dialog: Give me one good reason why I  shouldn't kill you right now. Kobayashi smiles and puts his briefcase on the table in f of him.
55) 47) dialog: Jesus Christ. Open them. All of the men open their files. Inside are mug shots of  each man in his respective file as well as a printout of criminal record. But there is more.
55) 54) dialog: This is not right.
55) 58) dialog: Come on. The guy is a pipe dream.  This Kobayashi is using him for window  dressing.
55) 62) dialog: There is no Keyser Soze. Verbal thumbs through his file. A long list of names, num addresses. It is a detailed portfolio of his entire crimi and personal life. He looks up at Keaton.
64) 0) text: Keaton looks out over the ocean and smokes a cigarette.
64) 1) dialog: What do you want to do with him?
64) 5) dialog: I'm sorry, McManus.
64) 7) dialog: No time. McManus springs to his feet and points a pistol at Keaton Keaton turns to face him and raises his head. McManus mig as well be pointing a feather-duster.
64) 9) dialog: No shovel.
65) 9) dialog: Dig.
65) 12) dialog: They don't seem to have a problem  with it either.
65) 20) dialog: IT'S NOT PAYBACK. I don't answer to  you.  It's precaution. You want  payback?  You want to run?  I don't  care. I'm going to finish this thing.  Not for Fenster, not for anybody  else, but for me. This Kobayashi  cocksucker isn't going to stand over  me. (Beat)
69) 0) text: Keaton, McManus and Verbal stand by the six elevators on fortieth floor. They are all wearing khaki overalls and t belts with walkie-talkies. They look like servicemen. All of the elevators have been propped open and stranded. McManus moves into one of the elevators. As the doors clo behind him, he scrambles for the ceiling hatch.
70) 0) text: Keaton and Verbal listen for anything on the radio.
73) 0) text: The elevator opens and Kobayashi is greeted by Keaton and Verbal. McManus drops from the ceiling hatch and pushes h out. Verbal and McManus grab the dead bodies and drag them out the elevator. They drag them to the next elevator which h been forced open, revealing an empty shaft.
73) 1) dialog: The answer is no.
73) 5) dialog: Listen to me, cocksucker. There is  no Keyser Sate. If you say his name  again, I'11 kill you right here.
73) 9) dialog: We know you can get to us, and now  you know we can get to you. I'm  offering you the chance to call this  off.
73) 11) dialog: Neither do we.
73) 18) text: I implore you to believe me, Mr.  Keaton.  Mr. Soze is very real and  very determined.
73) 19) dialog: We'll see. McManus holds a pistol to Kobayashi's chin. The lawyer's  cool eyes never falter.
73) 21) dialog: What did you say?
73) 24) dialog: You're lying.
75) 0) text: Edie glances toward the men in the hall. Keaton turns quickly on his heels, facing the others. Fro where Edie stands, it looks as though Kobayashi is talkin to a group of harmless maintenance men. They see A LARGE MAN dressed very much like the two dead  bodies left in the hall downstairs. The man notices Kobay and the others. He stands and stares menacingly.
76) 0) text: Keaton, Verbal, Hockney and McManus sit in a rented sedan overlooking San Pedro harbor. Another file from Kobayashi's briefcase is laid out on th dashboard. This has a map and a good fifty pages of  information in it.
76) 1) dialog: It's a logistical nightmare. Close  quarters, no advance layout, ten  men, maybe twenty.
76) 3) dialog: Doubtful. With all that coke, they'll  be ready - which brings me to sunny  spot number two. Even if one of us  gets through and jacks the boat, we  get nothing.
76) 5) dialog: Ten more men at least. In my opinion,  it can't be done. Anyone who walks  into this won't come out alive.
77) 0) text: Behind an old and weathered boat in dry-dock, Keaton and  Verbal watch the boat from the shadows.
77) 2) dialog: Russian, I think. I don't know.
77) 4) dialog: Knock it off.
80) 1) dialog: (into radio)
80) 5) dialog: (To Verbal)
80) 10) dialog: If we don't make it out, I want you  to take the money and go.
80) 12) text: Keaton, I can't just -
80) 13) dialog: I want you to find Edie. Both of you  find some place safe. Tell her what  happened - Everything. She knows  people. She'll know what to do. If  we can't get Kobayashi my way, she'll  get him her way.
80) 15) dialog: Just do what I tell you. Keaton turns and takes a few steps. He stops and looks ba his face marked with guilt and agony.
80) 16) dialog: Tell her I... Tell her I tried. Keaton leaves before Verbal can respond. He walks down a  ramp toward the boat. He is no more than a few yards out of the shadows before first man sees him.
81) 0) text: One of the men in suits starts to yell to the others. Men pull out guns and try to look as cool as they can. Keaton walks right into the face of all of these men,  undaunted. His hands are in his pockets. Above him, in the darkness, McManus pokes his head out an spies Keaton. He pulls his head back and sticks out the b of the rifle. Keaton comes to a stop about twenty feet from fifteen men all together.
83) 0) text: The men shout questions at Keaton in a number of language
87) 0) text: Finally two men walk right towards Keaton. The rest train guns on him. They reach for his arms, pointing their guns right at him. At the far end of the dock, Hockney throws his bomb onto stern of the large boat.
93) 0) text: McManus runs like a wild man across the deck, heading for the hatch . He shoots in all directions as though he has eyes in the  back of his head. He sees Keaton climbing onto the deck o the boat.
96) 0) text: Keaton finds the hatch and goes below, shooting a man on way up the stairs. McManus jumps on board and runs down b him.
101) 0) text: Keaton is weaving through tight, low-ceiling corridors,  looking in every cabin, working his way towards the botto of the boat. ELSEWHERE IN THE BOAT, McManus is tearing though the  corridors, seemingly less interested in securing the carg as he is in killing everyone on board. He screams like a lunatic, shooting everything in his pat killing some men with his bare hands, shooting others,  stabbing others still with a knife he has brought along.
103) 0) text: Keaton has come to the four-foot-high door to the hold. T door is open slightly. Keaton finds this strange. He push the door open and steps inside. The hold is empty. He hears a noise behind him. He wheels around to fire. He sees McManus in the door. His face is covered with blood.
103) 4) dialog: What happened to you?
103) 6) dialog: What?
103) 8) dialog: Are you alright? McManus rubs some of the blood off with his sleeve.
103) 10) dialog: There's no coke. McManus looks around the hold as though he'll see four an half tons of dope in some corner where Keaton might have  missed it. The two men look at one another. There is a long, pregnan silence.
103) 12) dialog: Right behind you.
104) 0) text: Keaton and McManus step out of the hold, walking slowly a cautiously back from where they came. They hear the sound of footsteps running on the deck above and the occasional hollered sentence in Spanish.
104) 1) dialog: Where's Hockney?
104) 5) dialog: I can't remember which way.
107) 0) text: The boat is quiet now. Keaton walks out onto the deck. He looks out over the pier and sees Verbal standing in th middle of the carnage, frozen. Their eyes meet. Keaton wa at him as if to shoe him away.
108) 0) text: Verbal hesitates and finally moves towards the van with t money. He looks back over his shoulder and sees Keaton. Keaton sees him looking and waves again, hurrying him alo Verbal turns away and focuses on the van.
109) 0) text: Keaton hears a noise behind him. He swings around and poi his gun at McManus again. He puts the gun down. McManus smiles. He walks slowly across the deck towards  Keaton. Something is not right about him.
111) 0) text: Keaton kneels by McManus, trembling with rage. After a mo he stands, looking down at McManus' dead body.
112) 0) text: SUDDENLY, Verbal realizes something. He turns and goes to call out a warning to Keaton. He is too late.
113) 0) text: Keaton never sees the crane coming.
116) 0) text: Verbal is hiding in the tangle of girders and cables on t barge. VERBAL'S P.O.V. Keaton's body is completely obscured. The man in a suit strides across the deck over to Keaton, stopping to relieve himself on a small fire on the deck. He walks up and stands over Keaton. The two men exchange  words and the man in the suit pulls out a pistol. He poin it at Keaton.
117) 50) text: It was all Keaton. We followed him  from the beginning. Kujan smiles with triumphant satisfaction.