55) 3) dialog: Mr. Keaton? Keaton stands back and lets him in. Kobayashi looks them  over.
55) 4) dialog: I am Mr. Kobayashi. I've been asked  by my employer to bring a proposal  to you gentlemen. That must be Mr.   Hockney. I recognize Mr. Fenster  from his mug shot, as well as Mr.  McManus. (To Verbal)
55) 9) dialog: My employer requires your services.  One job. One day's work. Very  dangerous. I don't expect all of you  to live, but those who do will have  ninety-one million dollars to divide  any way they see fit.
55) 11) dialog: My employer wishes to remain  anonymous.
55) 13) dialog: I work for Keyser Sate. A strange look crosses Keaton's face. Skepticism, mockery and just a hint of fear. Hockney, McManus and Fenster all share similar looks.
55) 16) dialog: I am sure you've heard a number of  tall tales, myths and legends about  Mr. Soze I can assure you gentlemen,  most of them are true.
55) 18) dialog: Judging by the sudden change in mood,  I am sure the rest of your associates  can tell you, Mr. Kint. I have come  with an offer directly from Mr. Soze.  An order actually.
55) 22) dialog: In nineteen-eighty one, Mr. Keaton,  you participated in the hijacking of  a truck in Buffalo, New York. The  cargo was raw steel. Steel that  belonged to Mr. Soze and was destined  for Pakistan to be used in a nuclear  reactor. A very profitable violation  of U.N. Regulations. You had no way  of knowing this, because the man  shipping the steel was working for  Mr. Sate without his knowledge. (Beat)
55) 23) text: Mr. Fenster and Mr. McManus hijacked  a twin-prop cargo flight earlier  this year out of Newark airport. The  plane was carrying platinum and gold  wiring. Also set for Pakistan. Kobayashi turns and points at Hockney.
55) 24) dialog: Two months ago, Mr. Hockney stole a  truck carrying gun parts through  Queens - Everyone looks at Hockney. He smiles shyly. It occurs to  them all that he robbed the truck for which they were all arrested in the first place.
55) 25) dialog: - guns allegedly set to be destroyed  by the state of New York. They were  to be "lost" in a weigh station and  routed to Belfast. Again, Mr. Soze,  using pawns who had no knowledge. (turning to Verbal)
55) 27) dialog: Nine months ago, one of Mr. Soze's  less than intelligent couriers was  taken in a complicated confidence  scam by a cripple.  He was relieved  of sixty-two thousand dollars. Now (To all of them)
55) 32) dialog: Our intention was to approach you  after your apprehension in New York.
55) 34) dialog: Mr. Soze made a few calls, yes. You  were not to be released until I came  to see you. It seems Mr. Keaton's  attorney, Ms. Finneran, was a bit  too effective in expediting his  release. Holding the rest of you  became a moot point.
55) 36) dialog: Mr. Redfoot knew nothing. Mr. Soze  rarely works with the same people  for very long, and they never know  who they're working for. One cannot  be betrayed if one has no people.
55) 38) dialog: Because you have stolen from Mr.  Soze.  That you did not know you  stole from him is the only reason  you are still alive, but he feels  you owe him. You will repay your  debt.
55) 40) dialog: I don't think that is relevant, Mr.  Hockney. The five of you are  responsible for the murder of Saul  Berg and his bodyguards. Mr. Redfoot  can attest to your involvement, and  we can see to it that he will. He is  not of your "superior" breed.
55) 44) dialog: The offer is this, gentlemen. Mr.  Soze's primary interest, as I am  sure you all know, is narcotics.  He's been - competing shall we say,  with a group of Argentinians for  several years. Competing with Mr.  Soze has taken its toll. These  Argentinians are negotiating the  sale of ninety-one million dollars  in cocaine in three days time.  Needless to say, this purchase will  revitalize the diminishing strength  of their organization. Mr. Soze wants  you to stop the deal. If you choose,  you may wait until the buy.  Whatever  money changes hands is yours.  The  transaction will take place on a  boat in San Pedro. Mr. Soze wants  you to get to the boat and destroy  the cocaine on board. Then you are  free of your obligation to Mr. Soze.
55) 46) dialog: A gift from Mr. Soze gentlemen. He turns and walks out of the room. Keaton walks over to the case and opens it. He reaches in and pulls out five thick manila envelopes, each marked in bold black letters. "KEATON", "McMANUS", "HOCKNEY", "FENS and "KINT."  Keaton pulls out the files, revealing a map  underneath. Keaton hands each man his file. He opens his first. He pu out a thick stack of papers and thumbs through them.
68) 0) text: Kobayashi walks through the front door of a plush office  tower followed by two bodyguards. He heads toward the  elevator, failing to notice Hockney a few feet away, read a newspaper. We see a wire running from Hockney's ear to his collar.
71) 0) text: The elevator opens. Kobayashi and his bodyguards get on t elevator.
72) 0) text: The elevator is empty except for the three men. McManus h vanished. Kobayashi presses a button and they are on the  way. SUDDENLY, the ceiling hatch opens and McManus' arm comes  out. POP - POP. Two shots from a suppressed pistol and the gua drop to the floor, DEAD. Kobayashi looks up with surprising calm into McManus' bar
73) 0) text: The elevator opens and Kobayashi is greeted by Keaton and Verbal. McManus drops from the ceiling hatch and pushes h out. Verbal and McManus grab the dead bodies and drag them out the elevator. They drag them to the next elevator which h been forced open, revealing an empty shaft.
73) 4) dialog: Mr. Soze will be most -
73) 6) dialog: A strange threat. I can only assume  you're here to kill me anyway. Pity  about Mr. Redfoot.
73) 8) dialog: Ahh, Mr. Hockney. Do join us.
73) 10) dialog: Mr. So- My employer has made up his  mind.  He does not change it.
73) 13) dialog: I believe you, Mr. McManus. I quite  sincerely do. You would not have  been chosen if you were not so  capable, but I cannot make this  decision. Whatever you can threaten  me with is... ludicrous in comparison  to what will be done to me if -
73) 17) dialog: I am sorry, Mr. McManus. (To Keaton)
73) 20) dialog: Before you do me in, you will let me  finish my business with Ms. Finneran  first, won't you? SUDDENLY, Keaton grabs McManus' hand and pulls the gun aw before he can shoot.
73) 22) dialog: Edie Finneran. She is upstairs in my  office for an extradition deposition.   I requested she be put on the case  personally. She flew out yesterday. Everyone looks at Keaton.
73) 23) dialog: No matter. Kill away, Mr. McManus.
73) 25) dialog: Am I?
74) 0) text: Everyone follows Kobayashi quietly down a dimly lit, oak- lined hallway. Verbal holds a small pistol discreetly in small of Kobayashi's back. They come to a glass office foyer. Kobayashi gestures and everyone looks through the glass into the lobby beyond. EDIE FINNERAN is talking casually with the receptionist.
75) 0) text: Edie glances toward the men in the hall. Keaton turns quickly on his heels, facing the others. Fro where Edie stands, it looks as though Kobayashi is talkin to a group of harmless maintenance men. They see A LARGE MAN dressed very much like the two dead  bodies left in the hall downstairs. The man notices Kobay and the others. He stands and stares menacingly.
75) 1) dialog: Ms. Finneran's escort in Los Angeles.   Never leaves her for a moment. I  thought you'd like to know she was  in good hands. Keaton's mind races for an alternative. He can find none. Verbal lowers his gun without being told.
75) 2) dialog: Get your rest, Gentlemen. The boat  will be ready for you on Friday. If  I see you or your friends before  then, or fail to check in every half  hour with that unpleasant looking  man in there, Ms.  Finneran will  find herself the victim of a gruesome  violation before she dies. As will  your father, Mr. Hockney. and your  Uncle Randall in Arizona, Mr. Kint.  I might only castrate Mr. McManus'  nephew, David. Do I make myself clear? All of the men surround Kobayashi, aching to kill him.
75) 3) dialog: I'11 take care of the dead men  downstairs. We'll add them to the  cost of Mr. Fenster. Now if you'll  excuse me. Kobayashi walks into the office. Edie turns to greet him. Keaton slowly turns and watches as they shake hands and t Kobayashi says something they cannot hear and Edie laughs her back to the window. Kobayashi smiles over her shoulder at Keaton.
76) 0) text: Keaton, Verbal, Hockney and McManus sit in a rented sedan overlooking San Pedro harbor. Another file from Kobayashi's briefcase is laid out on th dashboard. This has a map and a good fifty pages of  information in it.
134) 0) text: The car stops. The driver gets out. IT IS KOBAYASHI, or the man we have come to know as such. smiles to Verbal. Verbal steps off of the curb, returning the smile as he opens the passenger door and gets in. The man called Kobayashi gets in the driver's seat and pu away. A moment later, Agent David Kujan of U.S. Customs wanders into the frame, looking around much in the way a child wo when lost at the circus. He takes no notice of the car pu out into traffic, blending in with the rest of the cars f with people on their way back to work.