1) 8) dialog: Yeah.
1) 10) dialog: Will they be serving coffee downtown? Two dozen black gloved hands grab him and yank him out of bed.
8) 1) text: ROGER KINT, VERBAL to his few friends. He has a deeply li face, making his thirty-odd years a good guess at best. F his twisted left hand, we can see that he suffers from a  slight but not debilitating palsy. Behind him are Dean Ke Fred Fenster, McManus and Todd Hockney.  Verbal steps thr the door, followed by the rest.
9) 3) dialog: (To Keaton)
9) 9) dialog: Give me the keys, you motherfucking,  cocksucking pile of shit, or I'll  rip off your--
10) 0) text: McManus sits in a chair in front of a white wall. He smil at someone off-screen.
10) 2) dialog: This has to be embarrassing for you  guys, huh?  I mean you know and I  know this is a load of shit, but at  least I don't have a captain with  his dick in my ass making me play  along. That has got to suck,
10) 4) dialog: Do you work for a broad? That would  have to be the worst.
10) 6) dialog: Still, I guess dignity is a small  pries to pay for medical and a  pension. A small pension, mind you,  but a pension nonetheless.
10) 11) dialog: What truck?
10) 13) dialog: You kill me, you really do. Where's  my phone call?
10) 15) dialog: Clever guy.
10) 17) dialog: Do I look stupid enough to fall for  that?  Jesus Christ. Beat me if you  gotta, but no more of the candy-land  tactics, man.
13) 0) text: Keaton is brought in to a holding where he joins Fenster, Hockney, Verbal and McManus. He sits in a corner and keep to himself. Fenster is in mid-tirade.
13) 9) dialog: I heard you were dead, Keaton.
13) 12) dialog: What's this?
13) 14) dialog: Who?
13) 17) dialog: What about it, Keaton? You a lawyer's  wife. What sort of "retainer" you  giving her? Keaton shoots McManus a fiery glare.
13) 22) dialog: You're clean, Keaton? Say it ain't  so.  Was it you that hit that truck?
13) 26) dialog: What makes you say that?
13) 36) dialog: Nobody asked you, workin'-man.
13) 41) dialog: Verbal?
13) 53) text: Let it go. Verbal smiles at Keaton appreciatively. McManus stands and walks to the toilet in the corner of t cell. He starts taking a leak;
13) 54) dialog: Look, we've all been put out by this,  I figure we owe it to ourselves to  salvage a little dignity. Now Fenster  and I got wind of a possible job -
13) 57) dialog: Yeah, I'm just talking here, and  Hockney seems to want to hear me  out. I know Fenster is with me - (To Verbal)
13) 58) text: How about you, guy? McManus finishes pissing.
13) 60) dialog: There, so you see, I'm going to  exercise my right to free assembly. McManus taps the bars of his cell and the others LAUGH.
13) 62) dialog: You're missing the point.
13) 69) dialog: Dean Keaton, gone the high road.  What is the world coming to? McManus and Keaton stare at one another for a long and te moment. Finally McManus turns to the others.
13) 70) dialog: Forget him then. (Whispering)
13) 71) text: Now I can't talk about this here in  any detail, but listen up... Everyone but Keaton gravitates toward McManus's cell as h begins to speak in low, hushed tones.
25) 27) text: Alright. Verbal looks at everyone else from where he stands on the street. Fenster, McManus and Hockney all look at him and  then at each other. It is a strange moment of unspoken  understanding. All eyes finally turn to Keaton, high on the front steps the police station as he walks away with Edie.
34) 4) dialog: 
36) 1) dialog: The money. Strausz looks at Rizzi.
38) 0) text: Hockney, Fenster, McManus and Verbal are all laughing in secluded garage. They are still in their black clothes fr the robbery. Hockney is throwing everyone a can of beer. Keaton sits off by himself. He watches the others, unable join in the festivities. The others sit around a cheap card table. It is covered w emeralds. Dozens of them. Everyone is in awe.
38) 1) dialog: There's more than I thought.
38) 3) dialog: Redfoot? He never comes to see me. I  have to go see him.
38) 7) dialog: Yeah. It'll take a few days. Me and Fenster -
38) 9) dialog: Guys, come on.
38) 14) dialog: Fine with me.
38) 16) dialog: My boy with the plan. SUDDENLY, everyone yells and pours beer over Verbal's hea He laughs as he is drenched in white foam, nearly choking the others chant his name. Keaton watches from across the room, trying to smile in v
46) 0) text: All five guys stand in a group. It is utterly quiet. An old but well kept Cadillac creeps into the lot from th far end and idles up to them. The windows are tinted too  much to see in. The car passes within a few feet of them drives on. A moment later, a chrome and leather monster of a Harley  Davidson pulls into the lot. The rider is dressed in an a comical array of leather, silver and suede. He waves to the Caddy as it parks a few yards from Keaton and the others. It sits quietly, almost menacing. As he gets closer, we can see he is wearing one black boo and one red. Keaton is still looking at them when the bik pulls up to them and stops. REDFOOT and McManus shake hands.
46) 2) dialog: Good. You?
46) 9) text: Snazzy dresser this guy. A moment later, the door of the Caddy opens again. Someon hands Redfoot a different briefcase and he walks back ove to McManus. He hands him the case. McManus hands the case back to Hockney. Hockney opens it, revealing the stacks of money inside.
46) 11) dialog: Jesus, I'm sorry. Redfoot, this is  Dean Keaton, that's Todd Hockney,  and that's Verbal Kint.
46) 17) dialog: What's the job? Keaton shoots McManus a foul look. McManus pretends not t notice.
46) 23) dialog: Give us time to check it out?
46) 25) dialog: We'll call you.
46) 36) dialog: (To Keaton)
46) 39) dialog: Take it as it comes, brother.
47) 0) text: McManus walks along a line of cars. He comes across a bla Mercedes and stops. He looks down at the license plate an walks over to the next car, a green Honda. He pulls a sli jim out of his jacket and pops the lock an the Honda. He  reaches in and opens the hood. He walks around and sticks his head in the engine.
48) 0) text: Verbal sits behind the wheel. Keaton is beside him. Hockn and Fenster are in the back. They all watch McManus from  where they are parked a few dozen yards away.
49) 21) dialog: Bad day. Fuck it.
51) 0) text: Keaton and the others stand in silhouette in front of the lights of an oncoming car in the distance. We can make ou McManus loading a gun.
51) 2) dialog: What does it look like? I'm going to  kill him.
51) 4) dialog: You gonna kill him?
51) 8) dialog: What the fuck is this, Redfoot?
51) 17) dialog: If you're lying, Redfoot...
51) 22) dialog: Fuck you. Redfoot drives off..The Caddy waits until he is completel out of sight before following.
55) 2) dialog: Look. We've been over it for an hour  now.  I say we pack up and run. Let's  go back to New York. At least get  out of L.A. SUDDENLY, The sound of a man clearing his throat. Everyone turns to the door behind them. MR. KOBAYASHI a tall, slim, well groomed man stands in th hall. He has a briefcase in his hand. He smiles politely.
55) 23) text: Mr. Fenster and Mr. McManus hijacked  a twin-prop cargo flight earlier  this year out of Newark airport. The  plane was carrying platinum and gold  wiring. Also set for Pakistan. Kobayashi turns and points at Hockney.
55) 41) dialog: This is a load of shit.
55) 51) dialog: This is my life in here. Everything  I've done since I was eighteen.
55) 56) dialog: Bricks Marlin.
64) 6) dialog: I want to bury him.
64) 8) dialog: YOU WILL FIND TIME. You're not the  only one with debts, man.
64) 10) dialog: 
65) 2) dialog: Dig.
65) 4) dialog: 
65) 13) dialog: Nobody runs.
65) 15) dialog: We got a deal here.
65) 17) dialog: Since tonight.
69) 0) text: Keaton, McManus and Verbal stand by the six elevators on fortieth floor. They are all wearing khaki overalls and t belts with walkie-talkies. They look like servicemen. All of the elevators have been propped open and stranded. McManus moves into one of the elevators. As the doors clo behind him, he scrambles for the ceiling hatch.
72) 0) text: The elevator is empty except for the three men. McManus h vanished. Kobayashi presses a button and they are on the  way. SUDDENLY, the ceiling hatch opens and McManus' arm comes  out. POP - POP. Two shots from a suppressed pistol and the gua drop to the floor, DEAD. Kobayashi looks up with surprising calm into McManus' bar
72) 1) dialog: Press forty.
73) 0) text: The elevator opens and Kobayashi is greeted by Keaton and Verbal. McManus drops from the ceiling hatch and pushes h out. Verbal and McManus grab the dead bodies and drag them out the elevator. They drag them to the next elevator which h been forced open, revealing an empty shaft.
73) 7) dialog: Fair trade for Fenster. The elevator opens and Hockney steps out.
73) 12) dialog: You got Fenster, you may get more,  but you won't get us all. Not before  one of us gets to you.
73) 14) dialog: Just so you know. I'm the guy. I'm  the one that's gonna get through to  you.
76) 0) text: Keaton, Verbal, Hockney and McManus sit in a rented sedan overlooking San Pedro harbor. Another file from Kobayashi's briefcase is laid out on th dashboard. This has a map and a good fifty pages of  information in it.
76) 4) dialog: And if we wait for the money?
76) 6) dialog: I'm for waiting for the money.
76) 10) dialog: So do I. Verbal is shocked by what he is hearing. He looks at Keat as if to ask him for his decision.
76) 16) dialog: News said it's raining in New York. No one knows quite how to respond.
79) 0) text: McManus is positioning himself on the roof of the boathou He stops and grabs his radio.
79) 1) dialog: If I didn't have to stop and answer  you, I would be.
80) 2) text: Everyone shut up. I'm ready. McManus,  you better be set up in ten seconds.
80) 3) dialog: (On radio)
81) 0) text: One of the men in suits starts to yell to the others. Men pull out guns and try to look as cool as they can. Keaton walks right into the face of all of these men,  undaunted. His hands are in his pockets. Above him, in the darkness, McManus pokes his head out an spies Keaton. He pulls his head back and sticks out the b of the rifle. Keaton comes to a stop about twenty feet from fifteen men all together.
82) 0) text: McMANUS'S P.O.V. McManus stares through the scope of his rifle at the scen
82) 3) dialog: Pow. He moves to another and then another, picking up speed an mock-shooting the men. He is steady and quick. It is clea he could take all fifteen in a few seconds.
82) 4) dialog: Pow-pow-pow-pow-pow-pow. Oswald was  a fag.
86) 0) text: McManus still wanders with his scope.
86) 1) dialog: Old McDonald had a farm, ee-aye, ee- aye, oh. And on this farm he shot  some guys.  Ba-da-bip, ba-da-bing,  bang-boom.
88) 1) dialog: 
89) 0) text: The men from the boat and the men in suits try to peg Kea but McManus' sniping has them running.
90) 0) text: McManus runs across the roof of the boathouse and jumps d to the pier. He arrives at a thick mooring cable and clim across to the boat.
93) 0) text: McManus runs like a wild man across the deck, heading for the hatch . He shoots in all directions as though he has eyes in the  back of his head. He sees Keaton climbing onto the deck o the boat.
96) 0) text: Keaton finds the hatch and goes below, shooting a man on way up the stairs. McManus jumps on board and runs down b him.
101) 0) text: Keaton is weaving through tight, low-ceiling corridors,  looking in every cabin, working his way towards the botto of the boat. ELSEWHERE IN THE BOAT, McManus is tearing though the  corridors, seemingly less interested in securing the carg as he is in killing everyone on board. He screams like a lunatic, shooting everything in his pat killing some men with his bare hands, shooting others,  stabbing others still with a knife he has brought along.
103) 0) text: Keaton has come to the four-foot-high door to the hold. T door is open slightly. Keaton finds this strange. He push the door open and steps inside. The hold is empty. He hears a noise behind him. He wheels around to fire. He sees McManus in the door. His face is covered with blood.
103) 1) dialog: Did you hear what I heard?
103) 5) dialog: Keyser Soze is on the boat.
103) 7) dialog: I heard somebody screaming his nuts  off.  He said Keyser Soze was on the  boat.
103) 9) dialog: Huh? Oh, It's not mine.
103) 11) dialog: Let's get the fuck out of here.
104) 0) text: Keaton and McManus step out of the hold, walking slowly a cautiously back from where they came. They hear the sound of footsteps running on the deck above and the occasional hollered sentence in Spanish.
104) 2) dialog: I don't think he made it to the boat. They come to a corner. They can go left or right.
104) 6) dialog: Right -
109) 0) text: Keaton hears a noise behind him. He swings around and poi his gun at McManus again. He puts the gun down. McManus smiles. He walks slowly across the deck towards  Keaton. Something is not right about him.
109) 1) dialog: Strangest thing... He slumps to the deck. Keaton rushes over to him. He knee down and sees a pipe sticking out of the back of McManus' neck.
111) 0) text: Keaton kneels by McManus, trembling with rage. After a mo he stands, looking down at McManus' dead body.