46) 0) text: All five guys stand in a group. It is utterly quiet. An old but well kept Cadillac creeps into the lot from th far end and idles up to them. The windows are tinted too  much to see in. The car passes within a few feet of them drives on. A moment later, a chrome and leather monster of a Harley  Davidson pulls into the lot. The rider is dressed in an a comical array of leather, silver and suede. He waves to the Caddy as it parks a few yards from Keaton and the others. It sits quietly, almost menacing. As he gets closer, we can see he is wearing one black boo and one red. Keaton is still looking at them when the bik pulls up to them and stops. REDFOOT and McManus shake hands.
46) 1) dialog: How've you been?
46) 3) dialog: Alright. How's it going, Fenster?
46) 5) dialog: You got it?
46) 9) text: Snazzy dresser this guy. A moment later, the door of the Caddy opens again. Someon hands Redfoot a different briefcase and he walks back ove to McManus. He hands him the case. McManus hands the case back to Hockney. Hockney opens it, revealing the stacks of money inside.
46) 10) dialog: You must be Keaton.
46) 12) dialog: (To Verbal)
46) 14) dialog: Are you guys interested in more work? McManus moves to answer, but Keaton cuts him off.
46) 16) dialog: I've got a ton of work and no good  people.
46) 20) dialog: A jeweler out of Texas named Saul.  He rents a suite at a hotel downtown  and does free appraisals. Buys  whatever he can. Word is he moves  with a lot of cash.  I'11 take the  merchandise, you keep the green.
46) 22) dialog: Two bodyguards. Pretty good.
46) 24) dialog: I'd expect nothing less.
46) 26) dialog: Take your time. Enjoy L.A.
46) 28) dialog: I hear you did time with old Spook.  Yeah, he was a good egg. I used to  run a lot of dope for him. Fuckin'  shame he got shivved.
46) 31) dialog: Business or personal?
46) 33) dialog: Ain't it a crime? Call if you're  interested.
51) 9) dialog: Get a grip. I didn't know.
51) 11) dialog: The job got thrown to me by this  lawyer.
51) 13) dialog: Some Limey. He's a middle-man for  somebody. He doesn't say and I don't  ask.
51) 15) dialog: He wants to meet you. He called last  night and asked me to set it up.  What do I tell him'
51) 18) dialog: McManus, you're a real bad-ass, but  get off my tip. McManus lunges for Redfoot. The Caddy doors instantly pop open and rifle barrels come into view from within. Fenster and Hockney draw guns and aim at the Caddy. Keaton and Verbal grab McManus and hold him back. Redfoot gets on his Harley, smiling defiantly.
51) 21) dialog: Real shame about Saul getting whacked.   Lots of cops looking for the guys  that did it. I'm sure They'll get  around to asking me. He starts his bike.
67) 0) text: Redfoot's Harley rests on the roof of the Caddy in a mang heap. The body of the Caddy is riddled with bullet holes. Redfoot's dead body has been shoved head-first through a  hole in the windshield up to his waist, recognizable only the trademark red boot.