0) 14) dialog: New York. - six weeks ago. A truck  loaded with stripped gun parts got  jacked outside of Queens. The driver  didn't see anybody, but somebody  fucked up. He heard a voice.  Sometimes, that's all you need.
8) 1) text: ROGER KINT, VERBAL to his few friends. He has a deeply li face, making his thirty-odd years a good guess at best. F his twisted left hand, we can see that he suffers from a  slight but not debilitating palsy. Behind him are Dean Ke Fred Fenster, McManus and Todd Hockney.  Verbal steps thr the door, followed by the rest.
8) 2) dialog: It didn't make sense that I be there.  I mean these guys were hard-core  hijackers, but there I was. At that  point, I wasn't scared, I knew I  hadn't done anything they could do  me for. Besides, it was fun. I got  to make like I was notorious.
9) 11) dialog: It was bullshit. The whole rap was a  setup. Everything is the cops' fault.
9) 15) dialog: You don't put guys like that in a  room together. Who knows what can  happen?
10) 7) dialog: They drilled us all night. Somebody  was pissed about that truck getting  knocked off and the cops had nothing.  They were hoping somebody would slip.  Give them something to go on. They  knew we wouldn't fight it because  they knew how to lean on us. They'd  been doing it forever. Our rights  went right out the window. It was a  violation. I mean disgraceful.  They  went after McManus first. He was a  good guy. Crazy though. A top notch  entry man.
11) 14) dialog: Fenster always worked with McManus.  He was a real tight-ass, but when it  came to the job, he was right on.   Smart guy. A gopher. Got whatever  you needed for next to nothing.
11) 24) dialog: Hockney was just a bad bastard. Good  with explosives. Mean as a snake  when it mattered .
12) 1) dialog: Keaton was the real prize for them,  for obvious reasons.
13) 0) text: Keaton is brought in to a holding where he joins Fenster, Hockney, Verbal and McManus. He sits in a corner and keep to himself. Fenster is in mid-tirade.
13) 42) dialog: Roger really. People say I talk too  much.
13) 45) dialog: County. I was in for fraud.
13) 47) dialog: I walked. Ninety days, suspended.
13) 49) dialog: To your mother's ass. Verbal looks away from Hockney, awaiting a violent respon
13) 53) text: Let it go. Verbal smiles at Keaton appreciatively. McManus stands and walks to the toilet in the corner of t cell. He starts taking a leak;
13) 59) dialog: I'm interested, sure.
13) 72) dialog: And that was how it began. The five  of us brought in on a trumped-up  charge to be leaned on by half-wits.  What the cops never figured out, and  what I know now, was that these men  would never break, never lie down,  never bend over for anybody. ..  Anybody.
16) 0) text: Verbal Kint sits in a chair in front of a microphone atta to a tape recorder, his brow beaded with sweat. On the wall behind him is the seal of the STATE OF CALIFO He is cleaner, better kept, in a well-cut suit and neatly trimmed hair. He looks older than he did in New York - wo down.
22) 0) text: Kujan and Rabin sit down across from Verbal.
22) 2) text: Verbal, you know we're trying to  help you.
22) 3) dialog: Sure. And I appreciate that. And I  want to help you, Agent Kujan. I  like cops. I would have liked to  have been a Fed myself but my C.P.  was -
22) 5) dialog: I told the D.A. everything I know.
23) 0) text: Rabin stands over LOUIS, a messy looking technician at hi workbench in a room full of electronic equipment. He adju several dials on a receiver until the voices of Kujan and Verbal come clearly through a tinny speaker on the wall. Rabin reaches over for a nearby pot of coffee.
23) 2) dialog: I know he was good.
24) 1) dialog: Sure. Fifteen years ago, but he was  a good thief Anyway, the cops wouldn't  let him go legit.
24) 5) dialog: You trying to get a rise out of me,  Agent Kujan?
24) 7) dialog: It's right here. He taps a finger on the stack of paper that Kujan brought in. Kujan picks it up and thumbs through it.
24) 9) dialog: That's been suppressed. Anything in  there is inadmissible.
24) 11) dialog: (laughing)
24) 14) text: You know a dealer named Ruby Deemer,  Verbal?
24) 15) dialog: You know a religious guy named John  Paul?
24) 17) dialog: He didn't have my lawyer.
24) 22) dialog: There's nothing in there about Ruby.
24) 25) dialog: No.
24) 27) dialog: I'm not a rat. Kujan puts his hand on the transcript of Verbal's confess Rabin walks in with a cup of coffee. Verbal takes it with his good hand and sips it with a relish.
24) 28) dialog: Ahhh. Back when I was picking beans  in Guatemala we used to make fresh  coffee.  Right off the trees I mean.  That was good. This is shit, but  hey...
25) 27) text: Alright. Verbal looks at everyone else from where he stands on the street. Fenster, McManus and Hockney all look at him and  then at each other. It is a strange moment of unspoken  understanding. All eyes finally turn to Keaton, high on the front steps the police station as he walks away with Edie.
26) 0) text: Verbal stands in front of an apartment door. He hesitates for a long moment before he knocks. After a moment, the door opens and Keaton stands on the o side of it. He is wearing a bathrobe and smoking a cigare He looks at Verbal without any expression whatsoever.
26) 2) dialog: I just asked one of the detectives  downtown. He seemed pretty happy to  tell me. Keaton curses under his breath and motions for Verbal to  come in.
27) 0) text: Verbal walks in and sits down on the couch, watching Keat cautiously. He looks around the large apartment, beautifu furnished and decorated.
27) 4) dialog: How do you do?
27) 8) dialog: I hope I didn't disturb you.
27) 10) dialog: A glass of water would be nice. Edie shoots a look at Keaton on her way out of the room. Keaton tries to hush his voice despite his anger.
27) 12) dialog: wanted to talk to you. The other  guys -- 
27) 14) dialog: They're gonna do a job. Three million  dollars, maybe more. Keaton is speechless. Verbal sits on the couch again.
27) 17) dialog: They sent me to offer you a cut. We  could use a fifth man - a driver -  That's all you'll do. Edie walks in with a glass of ice water and hands it to  Verbal.
27) 18) dialog: Thank you. Verbal drinks slowly. Edie stands over him, her face blan It is an awkward moment. She deliberately makes Verbal  uncomfortable.
27) 21) dialog: Umm ...
27) 34) dialog: If you'll just let me - SUDDENLY, KEATON LUNGES. He grabs Verbal by the lapels an lifts him off the couch, moving him effortlessly across t room and slamming him into the wall next to the front doo He opens it.
27) 35) dialog: Don't hurt me.
27) 37) text: Hurt you, you sonofabitch? I could  kill you. Keaton starts to shove Verbal out the door.
27) 38) dialog: (Quickly)
27) 40) dialog: New York's Finest Taxi Service.
27) 42) dialog: McManus has a friend in the Fourteenth  Precinct. They're coming out for one  job - Thursday. They're picking up a  guy smuggling emeralds out of South  America.  Fenster and McManus have a  fence set to take the stuff.
27) 47) dialog: Some guy in California. His name is  Redfoot.
27) 49) dialog: You have to come.
27) 51) dialog: They - They don't know me. You do.  They won't take me unless you go.  Look at me.  I need this.
27) 53) dialog: Don't tell me you don't need this.  Is this your place? Keaton is unable to answer.
27) 54) dialog: They're never going to stop with us,  you know that. This way we hit the  cops where it hurts and get well in  the mean time. Keaton lets Verbal go and steps back, thinking.
27) 55) dialog: As clean as you could ever get,  they'll never let you go now.  I'm  not knocking you. You look like you've  got a good little seam going with  this lawyer - WHAM. Keaton punches Verbal in the stomach and drops him one knee. Verbal coughs and tries to find his breath.
27) 59) dialog: (Gasping)
27) 60) text: Okay, okay. You say it's the real  thing?  That's cool. Keaton reaches for Verbal. Verbal flinches. Keaton gently helps him up and guides him to the couch. They both sit. Keaton reaches for a pack of cigarettes and lights one fo each of them.
27) 62) dialog: I was out of line.
27) 64) dialog: I'11 be alright.
27) 66) dialog: Forget it. (Beat)
27) 67) text: I'11 probably shit blood tonight. Keaton laughs. Verbal thinks about it for a moment and la with him. Keaton's laughter trails off. He thinks for a moment.
27) 69) dialog: McManus wants to go in shooting. I  said no way.
27) 73) dialog: They're pretty pissed off. They'll  do anything. Now I got a way to do  it without killing anyone: but like  I said, they won't let me in without  you.
27) 75) dialog: Maybe more.
27) 77) dialog: Not if we do it my way.
27) 80) text: I swore I'd live above myself. Verbal smiles, knowing he has him.
28) 1) dialog: New York's finest Taxi Service was  not your normal taxi service. It was  a ring of corrupt cops in the N.Y.P.D.  that ran a high-profit racket, driving  smugglers and drug dealers all over  the city. For a few hundred dollars  a mile, you got your own black and  white and a police escort.  They  even had their own business cards. OSCAR WHITEHEAD, a tall gray-haired man in his fifties co out of the international terminal in a white linen suit. holds a large suitcase in his right hand.
28) 2) dialog: After a while, somebody started asking  questions and the taxi service shut  down.  Ever since then, Internal  Affairs had been waiting to catch  them in the act. Oscar stands on the curb long enough to light a cigarette
28) 5) dialog: And that was how we started. McManus  came to us with the job; Fenster got  the vans; Hockney supplied the  hardware; 'I came through with how  to do it so no one got killed - but  Keaton - Keaton put on the finishing  touch. A little "Fuck you" from the  five of us to the N.Y.P.D. The car drives out of the airport. A VAN follows at a  distance.
35) 0) text: Through the front windshield of the front van we see Keat at the wheel. Verbal is behind him leaning out the back  window. Beneath Keaton's stocking mask we see he is trembling and sweating - sickened by what he is doing. He glances up at the rear-view mirror and looks at the sc outside. He looks down at the floor in shame, shaking his head.
37) 1) dialog: The papers got Keaton's call that  day and were on the scene before the  cops were.  Strausz and Rizzi were  indicted three days later. Within a  few weeks, fifty more cops went down  with them. It was beautiful. Everybody  got it right in the ass, from the  chief on down.
38) 0) text: Hockney, Fenster, McManus and Verbal are all laughing in secluded garage. They are still in their black clothes fr the robbery. Hockney is throwing everyone a can of beer. Keaton sits off by himself. He watches the others, unable join in the festivities. The others sit around a cheap card table. It is covered w emeralds. Dozens of them. Everyone is in awe.
38) 6) dialog: In California?
39) 0) text: Keaton and Verbal sit side by side on a sofa. A sign on t door behind them reads: MONTGOMERY and LaGUARDIA - ATTORN AT LAW.
39) 1) dialog: We're going to miss the flight.
39) 3) dialog: Don't do this. Send her a card - something.
39) 6) dialog: We're gonna miss the plane. (beat)
39) 7) text: She'll understand. Edie is smiling and laughing with the old woman. Keaton's face is marked with guilt and anguish. Keaton turns and walks out of the waiting room. Verbal ta one last glance at Edie and turns back to Keaton.
41) 2) dialog: You wanted to know what happened  after the line-up, I'm telling you.
41) 4) dialog: He loved her.
41) 6) dialog: That was all Fenster and McManus.
41) 8) dialog: You keep trying to lay this whole  ride on Keaton. It wasn't like that.  Sure he knew, but Edie had him all  turned around.  I'm telling you  straight, I swear.
41) 10) dialog: You got him wrong.
43) 4) dialog: I don't know about that.
43) 6) dialog: (Blurting)
43) 11) dialog: Back when I was in that barber shop  quartet in Skokie, Illinois I used  to have - Kujan grabs Verbal's shirt and yanks him half out of his  seat.
43) 13) dialog: The D.A. gave me immunity.
43) 20) dialog: There was a lawyer. Kobayashi.
43) 22) dialog: No. But I'm sure Keaton's dead.
45) 1) dialog: McManus' fence was this guy named  Redfoot. He had a good reputation  around L.A. Seemed like a good guy -  Looked like a cowhide full of  thumbtacks.
46) 13) text: The man with the plan. Verbal smiles.
46) 41) dialog: What is it Keaton?
46) 44) text: I ever tell you about the restaurant  I wanted to open? Keaton walks off. Verbal follows him in confusion.
46) 45) dialog: L.A., was good for about two hours.  We were from New York. There's no  place to eat after one; you can't  get a pizza that doesn't taste like  a fried fruit-bat, and the broads  don't want to know you if you don't  look like a broad. Within a few days  the last of us was ready to go back  to N.Y., but Keaton wouldn't have  it, so he really didn't have a choice.  We went to work.
48) 0) text: Verbal sits behind the wheel. Keaton is beside him. Hockn and Fenster are in the back. They all watch McManus from  where they are parked a few dozen yards away.
52) 2) dialog: Kobayashi.
52) 4) dialog: Right.
54) 4) dialog: Ahhh fuck.
55) 15) dialog: Who's Keyser Soze?
55) 17) dialog: Who's Keyser Soze?
55) 26) text: Which brings us to Mr. Kint. Verbal crumbles under his stare.
55) 65) dialog: Who is Keyser Soze
56) 0) text: Kujan leans into Verbal's face. He hangs on his every wor
56) 1) dialog: He is supposed to be Turkish. Some  say his father was German. Nobody  believed he was real. Nobody ever  saw him or knew anybody that ever  worked directly for him, but to hear  Kobayashi tell it, anybody could  have worked for Soze. You never knew.  That was his power. The greatest  trick the Devil ever pulled was  convincing the world he didn't exist.  One story the guys told me - the  story I believe - was from his days  in Turkey.  There was a petty gang  of Hungarians that wanted their own  mob. They realized that to be in  power you didn't need guns or money  or even numbers. You just needed the  will to do what the other guy  wouldn't. After a while they come to  power, and then they come after Soze  He was small time then, just running  dope, they say...
57) 1) dialog: They come to his home in the afternoon  looking for his business. They find  his wife and kids in the house and  decide to wait for Sate.
58) 3) dialog: He comes home to his wife raped and  his children screaming. The Hungarians  knew Soze was tough. Not to be trifled  with. So they let him know they meant business. The Hungarian smiles. Soze's wife SCREAMS IN HORROR. The Hungarian holds up a BLOOD SOAKED RAZOR. SUDDENLY, he grabs another child. A little girl no older  than six.
58) 4) dialog: They tell Soze they want his territory - all his business. Soze looks over  the faces of his family... Then he  showed these men of will what will  really was. SUDDENLY, Soze pulls out a pistol and shoots the two men  with guns. He turns and aims at the third man holding his child. The man threatens to cut the child's throat, slicing just enough to draw blood. SOZE FIRES. The stunned Hungarian watches the child fall from his arm Sate turns the pistol on the next child, then the next an the next. He kills his children one by one in front of th Hungarian.
58) 5) dialog: He tells him he would rather' see  his family dead than live another  day after this. SOZE walks over to his wife, crying and beaten on the flo and holds up her head. She gives him the strangest look. of trust perhaps, saturated with fear and humiliation. He puts the gun between her eyes and fires.
58) 8) dialog: He lets the last Hungarian go, and  he goes running. He waits until his  wife and kids are in the ground and  he goes after the rest of the mob.  He kills their kids, he kills their  wives, he kills their parents and  their parents' friends. A dark and looming figure of a man walks in front of a wa of fire - a black shadow blurred by waves of heat.
58) 9) dialog: He burns down the houses they live  in and the stores they work in, he  kills people that owe them money.   And like that he was gone.   Underground. No one has ever seen  him again. He becomes a myth, a spook  story that criminals tell their kids  at night. If you rat on your pop,  Keyser Sate will get you. And nobody  really ever believes.
59) 2) dialog: Keaton always said: "I don't believe  in God, but I'm afraid of him." Well  I believe in God, and the only thing  that scares me is Keyser SOZE.
60) 0) text: Jack Baer and Rabin listen to Verbal on the speaker with ear.
61) 1) dialog: I came clean. I told it like it  happened on the boat. So what if I  left out how I got there?  It's got  so many holes in it, the D.A. would've  told me to blow amnesty out my ass.  So you got what you wanted out of  me. Big fucking deal.
61) 3) dialog: You tell me, Agent Kujan. If I told  you the Loch Ness Monster hired me  to hit the harbor, what would you  say?
61) 5) dialog: I've got immunity now. What can you  possibly offer me?
61) 9) dialog: Where's your head, Agent Kujan? Where  do you think the pressure's coming  from?  Keyser Soze - or whatever you  want to call him - knows where I am  right now.  He's got the front burner  under' your ass to let me go so he  can scoop me up ten minutes later.  Immunity was just to deal with you  assholes. I got a whole new problem  when I post bail.
61) 11) dialog: Gee, thanks, Dave. Bang-up job so  far.  Extortion, coercion. You'll  pardon me if I ask you to kiss my  pucker. The same fuckers that rounded  us up and sank us into this mess are  telling me They'll bail me out?   Fuck you. You think you can catch  Keyser Soze? You think a guy like  that comes this close to getting  fingered and sticks his head out? If  he comes up for anything, it will be  to get rid of me. (beat)
63) 2) dialog: That was how I ended up in a barber  shop quartet in Skokie, Illinois.
63) 4) dialog: Oh, but it's not. If I hadn't been  nailed in Illinois for running a  three card monte in between sets, I  never would have took off for New  York. I never would have met Keaton,  see. That barber shop quartet was  the reason for everything.
63) 8) dialog: The quartet is part of the bit about  Kobayashi. The quartet was in my  file, along with every other thing I  had done since high school, see?  Aliases, middle-men. They knew me  better than I did.  They knew all of  us. Kujan looks at his watch.
63) 10) dialog: Give a guy a break, huh?
63) 12) dialog: We woke up the next morning and  Fenster was gone. He couldn't handle  the idea of slumming for SOZE. He  left a note wishing us good luck and  took a chunk of the money we'd scraped  together.
63) 14) dialog: McManus was furious. He was talking  about tracking him down and ripping  his heart out and all sorts of shit.  That night we got the call.
63) 16) dialog: Kobayashi told us where we could  find Fenster.
65) 10) dialog: What are we gonna do?
66) 0) text: Verbal smokes with his good hand shaking badly.
66) 2) dialog: I wanted to. I thought we could make  it.
66) 4) dialog: I tried, believe me, but Keaton  wouldn't have it. It was too far- fetched for him.  Keaton was a  grounded guy. An ex-cop. To a cop,  the explanation is never that  complicated. It's always simple.   There's no mystery on the street, no  arch-criminal behind it all. If you  got a dead guy and you think his  brother did it, you're going to find  out you're right.  Nobody argued  with Keaton. They just set their  minds on whacking Kobayashi.
69) 0) text: Keaton, McManus and Verbal stand by the six elevators on fortieth floor. They are all wearing khaki overalls and t belts with walkie-talkies. They look like servicemen. All of the elevators have been propped open and stranded. McManus moves into one of the elevators. As the doors clo behind him, he scrambles for the ceiling hatch.
70) 0) text: Keaton and Verbal listen for anything on the radio.
73) 0) text: The elevator opens and Kobayashi is greeted by Keaton and Verbal. McManus drops from the ceiling hatch and pushes h out. Verbal and McManus grab the dead bodies and drag them out the elevator. They drag them to the next elevator which h been forced open, revealing an empty shaft.
74) 0) text: Everyone follows Kobayashi quietly down a dimly lit, oak- lined hallway. Verbal holds a small pistol discreetly in small of Kobayashi's back. They come to a glass office foyer. Kobayashi gestures and everyone looks through the glass into the lobby beyond. EDIE FINNERAN is talking casually with the receptionist.
76) 0) text: Keaton, Verbal, Hockney and McManus sit in a rented sedan overlooking San Pedro harbor. Another file from Kobayashi's briefcase is laid out on th dashboard. This has a map and a good fifty pages of  information in it.
76) 8) dialog: Did you hear what he just said?
76) 13) dialog: I just can't believe we're just gonna  walk into certain death.
77) 0) text: Behind an old and weathered boat in dry-dock, Keaton and  Verbal watch the boat from the shadows.
77) 1) dialog: What-are they speaking?
77) 3) dialog: Hungarian?
80) 7) dialog: But I'm supposed to -
80) 11) dialog: (Confused)
80) 14) dialog: What if I -
85) 0) text: Verbal remains in the darkness, looking frightened.
94) 0) text: Verbal is wrestling with what to do. He finally makes a b for the other side of the boathouse.
97) 0) text: Verbal arrives at the top of the ramp leading from the do to the pier. He ducks down behind a guardrail beside the  ramp. He turns and sees Hockney's dead body next to the van. He looks around frantically, frozen in terror. It is quiet, except for the sounds of screaming, far off the bowels of the boat and the hum of the crane.
98) 2) dialog: I froze up. I thought about Fenster  and how he looked when we buried  him, then I thought about Keaton. It  looked like he might pull it off. A KNOCK ON THE DOOR. Rabin steps in and motions for Kujan to come outside.
100) 0) text: Kujan walks in and sits down in front of Verbal. He smile
107) 0) text: The boat is quiet now. Keaton walks out onto the deck. He looks out over the pier and sees Verbal standing in th middle of the carnage, frozen. Their eyes meet. Keaton wa at him as if to shoe him away.
108) 0) text: Verbal hesitates and finally moves towards the van with t money. He looks back over his shoulder and sees Keaton. Keaton sees him looking and waves again, hurrying him alo Verbal turns away and focuses on the van.
110) 0) text: Verbal approaches the van, stepping over Hockney's body. closes the back doors of the van. He looks to his left at the huge loading crane. He glances upward along the giant arm as it swings steadily on. Somewhere, off in the distance, the sound of SIRENS can b heard.
112) 0) text: SUDDENLY, Verbal realizes something. He turns and goes to call out a warning to Keaton. He is too late.
114) 0) text: Verbal runs down the ramp as fast as he can. He comes to rope ladder hanging down the side of the boat.  SUDDENLY, stops dead in his tracks, looking up at the boat. From where he stands, he can just make out the figure of TALL, THIN MAN walking along the edge of the deck. He mov quietly and calmly in the shadows towards the crane, look out of place in his expensive suit. Something about this man terrifies him.
115) 3) dialog: Wait a minute.
115) 5) text: I don't have a minute. Are you saying  it was Keyser Soze? You told the  D.A. you didn't know who it was. Verbal is drowning in Kujan's interrogation. He looks daz
115) 6) dialog: I - there had to be dope there.
115) 8) dialog: I don't.
115) 22) dialog: I don't know what you're talking  about.
115) 26) dialog: I don't understand what you're saying.  I saw Keaton get shot, I swear to  you.
115) 28) dialog: I WAS AFRAID, OKAY?  Somehow, I was  sure it was Keyser Soze at that point.  I couldn't bring myself to raise my  gun to him.
115) 30) dialog: It was Keyser Soze, Agent Kujan. I  mean the Devil himself. How do you  shoot the Devil in the back? Verbal holds up a shaking, twisted hand.
115) 31) dialog: What if you miss?
116) 0) text: Verbal is hiding in the tangle of girders and cables on t barge. VERBAL'S P.O.V. Keaton's body is completely obscured. The man in a suit strides across the deck over to Keaton, stopping to relieve himself on a small fire on the deck. He walks up and stands over Keaton. The two men exchange  words and the man in the suit pulls out a pistol. He poin it at Keaton.
117) 2) dialog: Wha- No.
117) 4) dialog: I never heard of him.
117) 6) dialog: I said I never heard of him.
117) 8) dialog: I don't -
117) 10) dialog: But how - wait. You're saying SOZE  sent us to kill someone?
117) 15) dialog: He wanted me to live.
117) 17) dialog: Edie.
117) 19) dialog: Because he was my friend.
117) 22) dialog: No...
117) 24) dialog: 
117) 29) dialog: 
117) 35) dialog: Edie...
117) 37) dialog: This is all bullshit.
117) 39) dialog: I knew him. He would never -
117) 45) dialog: 
117) 49) dialog: (Sobbing)
117) 51) dialog: I didn't know. I saw him die. I  believe he's dead. Christ
117) 53) dialog: You know what it's like, Agent Kujan,  to know you'll never be good?
117) 57) dialog: Not good like you. You got good all  fucked around. I mean a stand up  guy. I grew up knowing I was never  going to be good at anything 'cause  I was a cripple. Shit, I wasn't even  a good thief. But I thought the one  thing I could be good at was at  keeping my mouth shut - keeping the  code. I didn't want to tell you for  my dignity, that's all, and you robbed  me, Agent Kujan. You robbed me. Kujan pulls the microphone out from under his tie and put it on the desk. Verbal actually manages to snort a laugh, but only briefly, overcome by an apparent wave of nausea.
117) 59) dialog: You think he's...?
117) 61) dialog: I'm not bait. No way. I post today.
117) 63) dialog: I'11 take my chances, thank you.  It's tougher to buy the cheapest bag- man than it is to buy a cop.
117) 67) dialog: Maybe so, but I'm no rat, Agent Kujan.   You tricked me, that's all. I won't  keep my mouth shut 'cause I'm scared.  I'11 keep it shut 'cause I let Keaton  down by getting caught - Edie Finneran  too. And if they kill me, it's because  They'll hear I dropped a dime.   They'll probably hear it from you. Verbal stands, mustering his shattered dignity and walks  towards the door. Rabin opens it for him from outside. For once Kujan cannot bring himself to look at Verbal. Verbal turns to the door, stopping to look Rabin in the e
117) 68) dialog: Fuckin' cops. He steps out of the room and into the hall. Rabin follows him.
120) 0) text: Verbal is downstairs in the depot of the police station  picking up his personal belongings. A FAT, WHITE-HAIRED COP is checking off the items as he t them out of the tray in which they are kept.
123) 0) text: Verbal steps out into the sunlight, putting on a pair of  cheap sunglasses. He looks up and down the crowded street People on their way to and from lunch, no doubt. Cars choke the street in front of the police department a they wait for pedestrians to clear the way.
127) 0) text: Verbal looks behind him and sees ANOTHER COP standing jus inside the doorway, lighting a cigarette. The cop notices Verbal and watches him in the way that cops look at peopl they cannot place in the category of idiot citizen, or st criminal. Verbal smiles politely, meekly at the cop and walks down steps into the moving throng.
128) 0) text: Kujan runs up to the desk where Verbal had only moments b picked up his belongings. Rabin is right behind him, a lo of absolute confusion on his face.
129) 0) text: Verbal limps his way carefully across the sidewalk, avoid people as best as he can. He looks over his shoulder, getting farther away from the police station. He can see Rabin and the cop on the steps looking around with strange, lost expressions on their fa He does not notice the car creeping along the curb beside him.
130) 1) text: The driver's hands tap the wheel patiently. His eyes foll Verbal as he fumbles through the crowd.
132) 0) text: LOW ANGLE on the feet of dozens of people. Verbal's feet emerge from the crowd on the far side. They hobble along the curb. SUDDENLY, the right foot seems to relax a little, the inw angle straightens itself out in a few paces and the limp  ceases as though the leg has grown another inch.
132) 1) text: Verbal's hands are rummaging around in his pockets. The g left hand comes up with a pack of cigarettes, the bad rig hand comes up with a lighter. The right hand flexes with of the grace and coordination of a sculptor's, flicking t clasp on the antique lighter with the thumb, striking the flint with the index finger. It is a fluid motion, somewh showy. Verbal lights a cigarette and smiles to himself. He turns and sees the car running alongside.
133) 0) text: Jack Beer pulls the sheet out of the fax machine and turn it over, revealing the composite sketch of Keyser SOZE. Though crude and distorted, one cannot help but notice ho much it leaks like VERBAL KINT.
134) 0) text: The car stops. The driver gets out. IT IS KOBAYASHI, or the man we have come to know as such. smiles to Verbal. Verbal steps off of the curb, returning the smile as he opens the passenger door and gets in. The man called Kobayashi gets in the driver's seat and pu away. A moment later, Agent David Kujan of U.S. Customs wanders into the frame, looking around much in the way a child wo when lost at the circus. He takes no notice of the car pu out into traffic, blending in with the rest of the cars f with people on their way back to work.