1) 27) text: "Seen cooing over calamari with notsonew Sugar Daddy was Jessica Rabbit... wife of Maroon star, Roger". (looks up)
5) 36) text: Hello, everybody.  I hope you're all having as much fun as I am.  I have a small announcement to make.  Jessica Rabbit will not be able to sing tonight. There's a ROAR OF DISAPPROVAL from the men in the crowd. They shower him with debris.
5) 38) text: I was merely jesting.  Without further ado... here's woman times two, Toontown's own chanteuse par excellance... Jessica Rabbit! There is excited APPLAUSE as the lights dim. A TOON COMBO made up of CROWS in shades STRIKES UP the intro to the sm song, "Why Don't You Do Right".  A spotlight hits the curtain. Now a curvaceous leg pokes out, teasingly.  The crowd goes wild as the rest of the body belonging to the emerges.  JESSICA RABBIT is a generously endowed red-head bombshell.  She's a humanoid Toon... in her case, more beautiful than human.  Her figure is testimony to what a can do with a pencil and a fertile imagination,
5) 41) dialog: (sings)
5) 46) dialog: (singing)
5) 48) dialog: (continuing)
5) 50) dialog: (continuing)
5) 52) dialog: (continuing)
6) 4) dialog: Marvin, I have a headache...
6) 7) dialog: Oh, all right.  But this time take that hand buzzer off... Valiant's eyes widen in disgust.
11) 5) dialog: Mr. Valiant? Valiant turns to the voice.  WHAP!  Jessica slaps him har enough across the face to make his head turn.
11) 6) dialog: (continuing)
29) 14) text: The monkey raid it all was in fun.  POP! Goes the weasle. Suddenly half of the lid to Acme's coffin flies open and harlequin CLOWN BOI-YOI-YOINGS out.  The funeral Director faints dead away as the Toon SOBS turn to LAUGHTER.  The Toons turn and head away from the grave comforted by a funeral befitting a gag king.  They climb into their cars SCREECH off like the start of the Indy 500.  One mourner left at the gravesite.  Sitting in a chair dabbing at her eyes with a handkerchief is Jessica Rabbit.  Maroon walks behind her.
32) 15) dialog: Last week some heavy breather wanted one of my nylons as a souvenir.  Maybe that's what he was after?
32) 19) dialog: You, Mr. Valiant, are either drunk or punch drunk.  Probably both.
38) 4) dialog: is leaning up against the doorjamb, dressed as usual, in black cocktail dress with elbow length gloves and pearls.
38) 5) dialog: Hello, Mr. Valiant.  I rang the doorbell, but I guess you couldn't hear it.
38) 7) dialog: Oh... well, I... I just had to see you.
38) 9) dialog: What's that thing? Valiant looks down at what she's referring to.
38) 11) dialog: Toons aren't given imperfections.
38) 13) dialog: You've got the wrong idea about me. I'a a pawn in this just like poor Roger.  Can you help me find him?  I'll pay you anything.
38) 15) dialog: No, no, no... I love my husband.
38) 17) dialog: Oh, please don't make fun of me, Mr, Valiant.  You don't know how hard it is being a woman looking the way I do.
38) 19) dialog: I'm not bad, I'm just drawn that way.
38) 21) dialog: Maroon came to me.  He told me he'd fire Roger if I didn't do it.  I went along with him for Roger's sake.  It was only pattycake, after all. Valiant waves at the smoke scene, dispelling it.
38) 23) dialog: It's the truth.  Why won't you believe it?
38) 25) dialog: If I'm as bad as you think, what's stopping me from just killing you right now? Valiant reaches behind him and picks up a small cup on th sink.
38) 27) dialog: Oh, Mr, Valiant, please... you're my only hope. She comes to Eddie and hugs him, burying her head in his shoulder.
38) 28) dialog: I'm weak... you're strong.  Can't you find a place somewhere in your heart to help me? Valiant looks down at the luscious creature in his arms, considering the request.  The moment is interrupted by th CLEARING of a VOICE.
38) 32) dialog: Perhaps I should go.
38) 34) dialog: Goodbye, Eddie... don't hate me. Jessica blows Eddie a TOON KISS which flies across the ro landing on Eddie's cheek.  She saunters past the smolderi Dolores and out the door.  Dolores walks to Eddie and pee the kiss off his cheek.  She crumples it up and throws it down in the wastebasket.
57) 21) text: The comely silhouette of Jessica Rabbit runs to her car, jumps in and ROARS out the the studio gates.
59) 41) dialog: Steps out of the shadows behind him and aim the gun at hi back.
59) 42) dialog: Don't move, Valiant. Valiant turns slowly to see Jessica's got a bead on him w her revolver.
59) 44) dialog: I think I got him. Jessica runs past Valiant to the figure.  He follows, bewildered.
59) 47) dialog: That's not Roger.  It's one of Doom's men.  He killed R.K. Maroon. Jessica moves the box aside and tugs on the rabbit ears. rabbit head pops off.  Underneath is a Weasle.  In his ha is the Colt .45 Buntline.
59) 49) dialog: Don't worry, you're not the first.  We better get out of here. As they run down the alley...
59) 57) dialog: It was Doom who killed Acme, you know?
59) 59) dialog: I didn't know who I could trust.
59) 61) dialog: (excited)
59) 72) dialog: Marvin told me.  Doom was after his land.  Ne was afraid.  That's why he brought me his will. Valiant sees a Weasle skulking at them with a tommygun. BLAM!  Valiant fires at him.  The Weasle ducks back aroun the corner.  But Valiant's Dum-Dum SCREECHES to a stop an goes around the corner, too.  We HEAR an EXPLOSION.  The Weasle come staggering out and falls in the street.
59) 74) dialog: When I opened up the blue envelope, all that was inside was a blank piece of paper.
59) 76) dialog: Looks like our goose is cooked, our hash is slung, our fait is accompli...
59) 78) dialog: He made me laugh. Valiant shakes his head.  Now they are completely surroun by Weasles.  The situation looks bleak.
59) 87) dialog: Eddie, come on. But Valiant stands facing the Weasles, who are charging a him, swords raised.  With a sly smile, Valiant holds up t eraser end of the pencil.  This freezes the Weasles.  But Valiant starts to erase a rope support, the eraser breaks the pencil and falls down into the chasm.  The Weasles WH with relief and advance for the kill.  At the last second Valiant takes the business end of the pencil and scribble handsaw.  He grabs it by the handle and saws the rope.  T bridge swings away, smacking the Weasles into the opposit canyon wall.  One by one, they slide off and disappear in the abyss.
61) 3) dialog: Get your hands off me, you little rodent! The Weasle hops away angrily and quickly frisks Valiant. turns to Doom and shakes his head.
61) 18) dialog: Dip?
63) 1) dialog: You're sick, Doom.  Where do people like you come from?
65) 8) dialog: Why'd you bother to call it a freeway? Doom steps up into their faces.  Behind him, several Weas are fashioning a noose.
65) 11) dialog: Roger, darling!
65) 26) dialog: I have missed you, Roger.
65) 48) dialog: He's lost his mind!
65) 56) dialog: Roger, I want you to know I love you. I loved you more than any woman has ever loved a rabbit.
65) 78) dialog: My hero! Then she hugs Roger passionately.  Valiant can only shrug
65) 91) dialog: Problem is without Marvin's will, the land still goes to Cloverleaf.