1) 0) text: Rush hour. ANWAR EL- | BRAHI M Egypt an, 35, sits anxious checks his watch, wpes sweat fromhis forehead. The heat’s intolerable. He loosens his tie and rolls down the window The driver swtches on the radio, SALSA MSIC.
2) 3) text: | got it. INT. KITCHEN, ANWAR AND | SABELLA’ S HOUSE - CONT! NUOUS Upscale. Isabella enters and answers the phone.
2) 4) text: Hel | 0? INT. RIO Al RPORT, | NTERNATI ONAL TERM NAL - Ni GHT Anwar rushes to his gate. He’s on his cell. ANVAR ; It’s me, | only have a minute. | NTERCUT BETWEEN | SABELLA AND ANVAR IN BRAZIL. Isabella smles, leans against the refrigerator.
2) 7) text: You were at the beach falling in love wth a topless Brazilian, while |’ mhere wth your rot her. Anwar_arrives at the gate. He hands his ticket to the TI CKETI NG AGENT and continues on to the plane.
2) 11) text: Good, everything's good. Anwar enters the pl ane.
2) 13) text: She’s bl own the speakers on her TV cause she al ways has the vol une so loud. He starts soccer tonvrrow, he’s grown out of his shoes. The painters finished the baby’s room the crib arrived... Anwar finds his first-class seat.
2) 15) text: Wat about re? Anwar shoves his overnight in the overhead compart rent.
11) 0) text: A bustling, congested four-| ane RENAROUT circling a stat dedi cated to former PRESI DENT ANWAR SADA Khalid and Fatima approach the turnabout. Fatima stops.
18) 0) text: Passengers disenbark the arriving flight and followthe “WEL TO NYC, U.S. | MM GRATI a signs. Anwar follows a PASSENGERS | N TRANSIT SI GN. 17. A FEMALE SECURI TY GUARD cuts hi m off.
19) 1) text: A narrow hall way wth metal doors on either side. Still hooded and cuffed, Anwar is moved down the hall.
19) 2) dialog: Please! Wiat is going on? | want to speak to a lawer. This isn’t right! A guard opens one of the interrogation roomdoors. Anwar i escorted I nsi de.
19) 3) text: Lee Mayers sits at a table |ooking over his notes. The gu cuffs Anwar in the chair across fromLee and pulls his hoo off. Anwar is adjusts to the light.
19) 6) dialog: | don’t know anything about that. the phone records toward Anwar. Anwar squints to make them out. Lee waits.
19) 13) dialog: This is ridicul ous.
19) 15) text: Lee hol ds Lee hol ds 20. ANWAR (cont' d) A bonb detection study, my company was asked to construct several devices. Six years ago.
19) 18) dialog: | don’t know any Rashid. | have relatives in Egypt. | get calls fromtime to time asking for this or that. Most of them!’ ve never met. Friends of friends, friends of relatives, cousins. (emphatic) No one has ever asked re to do anything illegal. If they did, I’d report them on Anwar for a beat. He closes his not ebook.
25) 3) text: El-lbrahim E-L, dash, |1-BRA-HI- MP Hs name is Anwar.
37) 13) dialog: 
46) 0) text: Rono and another GUARD approach and pause at a cell door. guard opens the cell. Anwar sits in the corner, terrified Roro throws clothes at Anwar.
47) 12) dialog: (to Dougl as) Are you Ameri can? Dougl as remains in the shadows.
47) 19) dialog: .Organni Corporati on.
47) 43) dialog: Then |’ d say you were lying. In a blur, Abasi hits Anwar so hard that his_chair tips o Vahe and Romo. descend on Anwar like wolves. They kick an beat himmercilessly. Dougl as’ horrified expression reflects the brutality of Anwar’ s beating. 50. THE UGLY SOUND OF A BONE BREAKING ANWAR WILS FOR MERCY. Dougl as drops back further into shadow.
51) 79) dialog: Please, you have to help me. ~ They’ re going to_kill me. W wfe’s American. She’s 7 months pregnant.
51) 83) dialog: | lived in New York Gty for six years. Did you know that? That's where | met ny Wfe. Are you married? Chil dren? Dougl as nods, “no.
51) 84) dialog: | have a 7 year old son. He | oves me to read to himbefore he goes to sleep. After five minutes, he dozes off. That’s the most important five mnutes of ny day.
51) 86) dialog: (terse) | . I’ mnot a terrorist! You think | woul d put ny fami | y in j eopardy for anything or anyone’
51) 91) dialog: Tort urer ! Romo shuts the door. Abasi stands wth a know ng | ook. Dougl as walks away.
62) 25) text: Safi ya? She’s already gone. INT. ANWAR S CELL - Ni GHT
64) 0) text: Alanis at his desk. Isabella enters as Randy exits. They to each other. Alan smiles and points to a seat. ANWAR S FILE is on his desk between them She sits, anxious. | SABELLA ; How did it go? Was she there? Did you talk to her?
64) 6) text: (starting to cry) . an, | swear to you, Anwar is not terrorist. Aren't peopl e innocent til proven guilty anynore? ( MORE)
65) 0) text: Roro grabs Anwar and pulls himdowm the stairs.
66) 0) text: A huge unkept roomfilled wth washing machines, rusting equi pment and furniture. Roro and Anwar enter.
66) 5) dialog: No, you can’t do that.
69) 1) text: Ww husband has been ki dnapped by the rs over nnent and taken to : is is_my passport. s nave is Anwar El-l Er anim The agents check the passport and exchange a | ook.
73) 13) dialog: No, please wait! He contacted nea year ago. Sil ence. Dougl as is stunned. Abasi sniles, finally. He snaps his fingers. Roro |ets Anwar dom. They sit himin a chair.
73) 20) dialog: Cheni cal composition to increase expl osi ve power. Det onati on devices. Raw materials. 91. ABASI ; ; Did you give himthat information?
73) 26) dialog: Yes.
73) 28) dialog: ___ (hesi t at es) Fifty thousand.
75) 0) text: Abasi and Vahe nove dow the hall. Abasi hands hima note. ABASI ; | want you on his uncle, Haradi. Vahe nods and quickly walks off. 95. NT. ALAN S OFFICE - Ni GHT Alan at his desk, aggravated and absorbed in his thoughts He reaches for his briefcase, opens it. He pulls Anwar’s FILE. He turns on the shredder and shreds all the docunen NT. DOUGLAS’ HOME OFFICE - N GHT Dougl as works on his computer. He types a name off Anwar confession list. He hits the ENTER button: ON SCREEN: NSA DATABASE. “NO | NFORVATI ON’ bol d. Dougl as types in another nane. ON SCREEN: “NO | NFORNVATI ON’ Doug! as |eans back in his chair. Thinks. EXT. KHALID’ S HOVE - N GHT Abasi parks an unmarked van a short distance fromthe hous Rono sits in the passenger seat.
84) 0) text: Two guards step up to Anwar’s cell and open the door. Anw lays on the floor holding an open Koran. Anwar stirs, cowers in the corner cl ut chi ng he Hol y b Doug! as steps in carrying street clothes. s showered, perfect suit and tie and clean shaven.
89) 0) text: Anwar buttons his shirt, almost dressed. Douglas and the guard stand on either side of him
93) 0) text: Doug! as and Anwar walk dow a flight of stairs and throug 107. A HALLWY past several suspicious guards. They approach th heavily guarded exit. It seems a mile away. Anwar slows, fearful. Douglas takes his armand noves him al ong.
97) 0) text: Dougl as and Anwar exit the building. Hs car is gone.
98) 0) text: Guard #1 runs up to the guards near Anwar’s open cell.
101) 0) text: Dougl as and Anwar sit in the back. The taxi enters traffic. They drive away fromthe Mukhabar
104) 0) text: Dougl as and Anwar sit in the back.
104) 2) dialog: Were are we goi ng?
108) 0) text: Dougl as hands Anwar an Anerican passport, tickets and ca