24) 0) text: Gary notices that the piano has an electronic device atta to it. He turns it on. He opens the piano bench, finding computer disks. A red d is labelled "Knowing." He puts it in. Hits play. The piano begins playing by itself, a sensuous but melanc CLASSICAL PIECE. Gary lies on the floor, listening to it.   He stares up a elaborate chandelier. 137-141
25) 0) text: Gary is sitting on a bench by the front walk, trying to r more of his book. He looks over to see Sarah coming up th steps, carrying the baby monitor and a bottle of chardonn She stops beside him.
36) 0) text: HEADLIGHTS FLARE as cars travel down Miracle Mile, bringi us to a Metro Bus stop -- a semi-enclosed bench with back signage.
141) 28) text: You're my favorite. She smiles. With two fingers, Gabriel BREAKS the green string bracele around his left wrist. And in that moment, a film passes over him, like the boun between water and air. He's stepped out of this dimension. Mary is frozen with the same smile on her face, but we no that she and the kitchen around her have flattened out to dimensional images. She and everything around her has become like wallpaper, slowly curling away, revealing emptiness beneath. Gabriel collapses into a single, spiky sphere of light. The light moves through the kitchen, creating waves that ripple through the tissue-thin walls. Picking up speed, the sphere rushes through the window, heading west.
142) 0) text: As the light flies out over Hancock Park, the mansions an skyscrapers seem unreal, like models. Reaching Santa Monica, we pass over the ferris wheel at t end of the pier. We dive into the blue ocean beneath us, which becomes onl swirling gray fog with a viscous thickness. We see three lights in the distance.    We join them, mov with them. Further ahead, more lights, circling. It's a loose spiral made of stars, resembling nothing so much as the number 9 As we get closer and closer, we...
143) 2) text: M looks over at husband Ben, who is busy making pancakes, reading from a recipe.
143) 4) text: Coming around from behind Ben, Noelle checks through the spice drawer. M watches her with cautious fascination.
143) 5) dialog: Cinnamon, too.
143) 7) text: (to Ben) If I had a horse... Noelle turns back with the spices, handing them to Ben on a time. NOELLE (CONT'D)
143) 8) text: I would name her Cinnamon. BEN
143) 10) text: And if I had another horse... BEN
143) 13) text: Sweetie? She beckons Noelle over. Tucks back the little girl's hai Keeping her voice low enough so Ben can't hear: M  (CONT'D)