0) 1) dialog: Like this? So? Oder so? He walks up to her, touches her just beneath the shoulder adjusts the angle she is sitting at, then returns to his canvas. As he moves away, she shuffles again.
0) 3) dialog: I worry too much, you know Ich mache mir zu viele that. Sorgen, das weisst du.
0) 5) dialog: The future. Die Zukunft.
1) 70) dialog: Come and sit next to me, Komm, setz dich neben mich, Maria, darling. Maria, Liebling.
1) 191) dialog: I see you Maria. Come closer. Ich sehe dich Maria. Komm her. Maria edges in and comes to stand behind her.
1) 192) dialog: Why don’t you help your aunt Modchtest du deiner Tante put on her favourite helfen, machst du mir die necklace? kette zu? She hangs her diamond and pearl necklace around her neck.
1) 193) dialog: Your little fingers are Deine kleinen Finger sind perfect for the job. gerade richtig dafiir. Maria does as she’s told, mesmerised by her charismatic a and her beautiful necklace.
1) 195) dialog: Bald wirst du aufhéren miissen, so schiichtern zu sein. Das Leben verlangt viel von uns. she turns around and takes Maria’s face in her hands.
1) 196) dialog: Your only enemy is fear.
1) 197) dialog: Dein einziger Feind ist die Angst. INT. THE SCHOENBERGS’ BEDROOM. NIGHT. 1998 The phone rings in Randy and Pam’s bedroom. They’re sleep Randy wakes, picks it up.
5) 0) text: Young Maria looks up at the Klimt painting of her aunt wh now hangs on the wall. Adele approaches her.
5) 1) dialog: Do you like it? Gefallt es dir? CHILD MARIA CHILD MARIA (CONT’D) Why is it all gold? Warum ist da soviel gold? Adele sits on the sofa, indicates to Maria that she shoul come sit on her knee. She does so. Together they look up the painting.
5) 2) dialog: Ignore all the gold. That’s Vergiss das ganze Gold. Das Klimt. Look at my face ist Klimt. Schau lieber statt instead. Does it resemble me? dessen lieber auf mein Gesicht. Ist es mir ahnlich? CHILD MARIA CHILD MARIA (CONT’D) Yes. But I don’t think you Ja. Aber du schaust nicht look happy. gliicklich aus. Adele is taken aback by her perception and honesty.
5) 4) dialog: Or maybe time will change things. INT. THE BELVEDERE. DAY. 37
5) 5) dialog: Ich frage mich, wie es sein wird, wenn du erwachsen bist, wenn du eine frau geworden bist. Ob du dich wohl mit belanglosigkeiten zufrieden geben musst? a reflection.
5) 6) dialog: Vielleicht andern sich ja die Zeiten. Suddenly the voice of a tour-guide brings her back to the present. The tour-guide is an Austrian woman and her followers are a pack of teenage
7) 2) dialog: Adele Bloch-Bauer. INT. HUBERTUS’ STUDY. DAY.
9) 0) text: Through Maria’s eyes, the house magically transforms into what it used to be: a warm family home. Music fills the rooms, something rich, evocative and moving. As she moves around the house Maria is bedazzled by what sees. She wanders from room to room and comes across scen from a beautiful childhood and a resplendent Austrian pas First, in the dining room, she sees her mother Therese arranging flowers in a vase and being helped by Maria and Luise, as children. Then she walks across the hallway, to the living room, wh Gustav is playing the cello for his family: Maria and Lui now young women, and Therese. Enraptured, they cluster ar him, enjoying the music. And then she turns and in another part of the room, she s herself and Fritz dancing on their wedding night, twirlin through the admiring guests. She walks through the crowds the Adele room and pushes open the door. She enters and is amazed at what she sees. The room is buzzing with people - artists, writers, Vienna at its bes There is art on the wall, and books, and clusters of peop in animated discussion. She makes her way through the cro towards the end of the room : Adele sits directly beneath Klimt portrait, surrounded by Ferdinand and a group of friends as they argue passionately about politics, and ar and life. And next to her is the painter himself, Gustav Klimt. Maria approaches them. Ferdinand smiles at her lovingly. finally, Adele looks up at her and reaches out for her ha and takes it in hers. And when she speaks, it is in Germa
9) 1) dialog: Thank you. Dankeschoén.
10) 0) text: And now the paintings are being carried out by staff. EXT. A VIENNA STREET. DAY. And as the truck traverses Vienna on its way to the airpo it drives by a large bill-board advertising a local magaz and the words CIAO ADELE plastered across it. EXT. NEW YORK BRIDGE. DAY. And on another side of the Atlantic, another truck crosse one of the bridges that lead from Queens into Manhattan. INT. CHRISTIES AUCTION HOUSE. DAY. And now, the paintings are carried off this other truck outside the famous auction house. Some of the staff have gathered around. Superimposed caption: FOUR OF THE PAINTINGS WENT TO AUCTI
11) 0) text: The portrait of Adele hangs in the Neue Gallery in New Yo and the queues snake out of the Gallery doors and round t block. Superimposed Caption: THE PORTRAIT OF ADELE BLOCH-BAUER W
13) 0) text: And finally, we see Maria back at home, in her bed. She i about to go to sleep and as she leans over to switch off bed-side lamp we see two things on the table beside her b a photograph of her family taken on her wedding day and t postcard of the portrait of her aunt Adele. Superimposed caption: SHE DIED AT HER HOME IN LOS ANGELES FEBRUARY 2011. She leans over and switches off the light. THE END.