3) 6) dialog: Young man you better look after your treasure here.
3) 7) dialog: Junger Mann, passen Sie gut auf Ihren Schatz auf. 30
3) 10) dialog: And now, may I borrow my niece for a few minutes?
3) 11) dialog: Und darf ich meine Nichte jetzt auf ein paar Minuten entftihren?
3) 14) dialog: It makes me sad your aunt Adele is not here to admire you today.
3) 16) dialog: At least she’s not alive to witness what is happening to the country she loved so much.
3) 17) dialog: Es macht mich traurig dass deine Tante Adele nicht hier ist, um dich heute zu bewundern. YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D) Mich auch, Onkel.
3) 18) dialog: Wenigstens muss sie nicht erleben, was mit ihrem heissgeliebten Land geschieht. He takes out a small jewelry case.
3) 19) dialog: I want you to have this Maria.
3) 20) dialog: Ich moechte, dass du sie bekommst, Maria. He opens the case: it is Adele’s diamond necklace - the s one she wears in the painting, the same one Maria fastene around her neck as a child.
3) 22) dialog: Like her, you are head-strong and inquiring. Something of Adele’s spirit is in you.
3) 23) dialog: Wie sie, bist du eigensinnig und neugierig. Du hast etwas von Adeles Charakter in dir.
3) 30) dialog: That Maria of yours is a heart-stealer. Mach' schnell ! Ich bin hungrig!
3) 31) dialog: Deine Maria ist unwiderstehlich. He walks up to a small drinks tray and pours himself a wh and one for his brother.
3) 32) dialog: The Chancellor has conceded on every front. Hitler has made some empty promise about Austrian sovereignty but my bet is that before the end of the month the Nazis will be marching round the Ringstrasse in their jackboots.
3) 34) dialog: Der Kanzler hat alles bewilligt. Hitler hat einige leere Versprechen tiber Osterreichs Souveranitat gemacht, aber ich wette, dass die Nazis noch vor Monatsende in ihren Stiefeln um die Ringstrasse marschieren werden. GUSTAV (CONT’D) Glaubst du wirklich, dass das méglich ist? Die Osterreicher werden es nicht zulassen.
3) 37) dialog: Like always, you are a dreamer, Gustav. Time is the one thing we haven’t got. 32
3) 38) dialog: Ich reise am Sonntag mit Luise nach Ziirich. Bis nadchste Woche miisst ihr alle dort eingetroffen sein. GUSTAV (CONT’D) Wir kénnen nicht einfach so weggehen. Es gibt viel zu tun, wir brauchen Zeit.
3) 39) dialog: Du bist wie immer ein Traumer, Gustav. Zeit ist das Einzige, was wir nicht haben. And Gustav cannot ignore these final words. They strike a chord with him and for the first time, there is a very palpable worry in his eyes. INT. LIVING ROOM, ELIZABETHSTRASSE. NIGHT. After the cutting of the cake, Maria and Fritz are surrounded by family and friends. Therese is making the most of the moment as the mother of the bride, making a little speech
9) 0) text: Through Maria’s eyes, the house magically transforms into what it used to be: a warm family home. Music fills the rooms, something rich, evocative and moving. As she moves around the house Maria is bedazzled by what sees. She wanders from room to room and comes across scen from a beautiful childhood and a resplendent Austrian pas First, in the dining room, she sees her mother Therese arranging flowers in a vase and being helped by Maria and Luise, as children. Then she walks across the hallway, to the living room, wh Gustav is playing the cello for his family: Maria and Lui now young women, and Therese. Enraptured, they cluster ar him, enjoying the music. And then she turns and in another part of the room, she s herself and Fritz dancing on their wedding night, twirlin through the admiring guests. She walks through the crowds the Adele room and pushes open the door. She enters and is amazed at what she sees. The room is buzzing with people - artists, writers, Vienna at its bes There is art on the wall, and books, and clusters of peop in animated discussion. She makes her way through the cro towards the end of the room : Adele sits directly beneath Klimt portrait, surrounded by Ferdinand and a group of friends as they argue passionately about politics, and ar and life. And next to her is the painter himself, Gustav Klimt. Maria approaches them. Ferdinand smiles at her lovingly. finally, Adele looks up at her and reaches out for her ha and takes it in hers. And when she speaks, it is in Germa