3) 0) text: And it’s the night of her wedding to FRITZ - the whole of Viennese society in their finery. Fritz comes to the end the aria and there is applause as Gustav takes to the flo with Therese at his side.
3) 8) dialog: I’l1l do my best sir.
3) 9) dialog: Ich werde mein Bestes tun, mein Herr.
3) 12) dialog: She’s all yours.
3) 13) dialog: Bitte sehr! INT. THE ADELE ROOM, ELIZABETHSTRASSE. NIGHT. Off one of the corridors, one of the rooms is a shrine to Adele’s memory. Nothing in it apart from Adele’s portrait the other Klimts and vases of flowers. A fire-place too w a fire burning. Ferdinand and Maria sit under the portrai
3) 42) dialog: The diet is over, you fit into your wedding dress. Now open your mouth and eat some!
3) 44) dialog: Die Zeit des Abmagerns ist vorbei, du passt doch in dein Brautkleid. Jetzt mach den Mund auf und iss! YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D) Gut. Aber ich sage dir, das ist das letzte Mal, dass du mir sagst, was ich tun soll! And everybody laughs as Maria takes a giant bite of the c 33 INT. LIVING ROOM, ELIZABETHSTRASSE. NIGHT. And now everyone is dancing - the family, the guests, the and the young. And as the pace of the dance picks up ther a sense in all of them that this may well be the final da There is spirit and warmth in the dancers but there is al the knowledge that this is the end of an era. And with th knowledge, the dance turns slightly frenzied, manic, as i all who dance are trying to dance their way out of the terrible fate that awaits them.
5) 27) dialog: Nearly five o’clock, sir.
5) 30) dialog: Fast flinf Uhr. GUSTAV (CONT’D) Es ist Samstag. Hol' mir mein Cello, Maria. YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D) Wofiir, Vater?
8) 116) dialog: My brother has booked the last two tickets on a flight to Cologne. We don’t need passports.
8) 118) dialog: From Cologne we make our way to the German-Dutch border. There’s a contact - a farmer. He’s been paid to smuggle us across.
8) 120) dialog: Eight o’clock this evening.
8) 121) dialog: Mein Bruder hat die letzten zwei Flugscheine nach Kéln gebucht. Wir brauchen keine Passe. YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D) Und was dann?
8) 122) dialog: Von Kéln aus versuchen wir zur deutsch-hollandischen Grenze zu kommen. Dort gibt’s einen Kontakt - einen Bauern. Er ist bezahlt, uns hiniiber zu schmuggeln. YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D) Und wann geht der Flug nach K61n?
8) 123) dialog: Um acht heute Abend. Maria comes up closer, whispers.
8) 125) dialog: It’s our last chance, Maria. 61 YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D) Ich kann meine Eltern nicht im Stich lassen.
8) 126) dialog: Es ist unsere letzte Chance, Maria. And she knows he’s right; they’ve run out of options.
8) 127) dialog: But someone has to collect the tickets for us and take us to the airport.
8) 129) dialog: He will never let us out of his sight.
8) 131) dialog: Aber jemand muss die Flugscheine fiir uns abholen und uns zum Fughafen bringen. YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D) Ein Freund von meinem Vater schuldet ihm einen Gefallen.
8) 132) dialog: Er wird uns nie aus den Augen lassen. YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D) Ich habe eine Idee. Aber zuerst muss ich ihnen auf Wiedersehen sagen. INT. GUSTAV AND THERESE’S BEDROOM. DAY. That afternoon, Gustav is in bed, coughing. He looks very ill, as if his health is deteriorating rapidly. Therese i sitting by him, reading. The door creaks open and Maria sticks her head in.
8) 159) dialog: Cologne, yes.
8) 162) dialog: Nach Kéln, ja.
8) 393) dialog: Now say it again, but with an American accent. If you say it like that, nobody will understand you.
8) 395) dialog: I am aman, not a sausage! Just then, as they giggle, the door opens and a WARDEN wa in, someone who works at the tenement. He is holding a telegram.
8) 398) dialog: What is it?
8) 400) dialog: Your parents? little gruffly. Maria opens whatever it is she is reading, very core. She walks back to it, as her legs buckle. Fritz
8) 401) dialog: Was ist los? YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D) Es ist von meiner schwester. Sie wartet auf uns in Kalifornien. Aber sie hat Nachrichten aus Wien.
8) 402) dialog: Deine Eltern? She collapses into his arms, and weeps. INT. THE SUPREME COURT. DAY. The session has begun. CHIEF JUSTICE REHNQUIST speaks - h an intimidating, authoritative presence. 96
9) 0) text: Through Maria’s eyes, the house magically transforms into what it used to be: a warm family home. Music fills the rooms, something rich, evocative and moving. As she moves around the house Maria is bedazzled by what sees. She wanders from room to room and comes across scen from a beautiful childhood and a resplendent Austrian pas First, in the dining room, she sees her mother Therese arranging flowers in a vase and being helped by Maria and Luise, as children. Then she walks across the hallway, to the living room, wh Gustav is playing the cello for his family: Maria and Lui now young women, and Therese. Enraptured, they cluster ar him, enjoying the music. And then she turns and in another part of the room, she s herself and Fritz dancing on their wedding night, twirlin through the admiring guests. She walks through the crowds the Adele room and pushes open the door. She enters and is amazed at what she sees. The room is buzzing with people - artists, writers, Vienna at its bes There is art on the wall, and books, and clusters of peop in animated discussion. She makes her way through the cro towards the end of the room : Adele sits directly beneath Klimt portrait, surrounded by Ferdinand and a group of friends as they argue passionately about politics, and ar and life. And next to her is the painter himself, Gustav Klimt. Maria approaches them. Ferdinand smiles at her lovingly. finally, Adele looks up at her and reaches out for her ha and takes it in hers. And when she speaks, it is in Germa