3) 0) text: And it’s the night of her wedding to FRITZ - the whole of Viennese society in their finery. Fritz comes to the end the aria and there is applause as Gustav takes to the flo with Therese at his side.
3) 2) dialog: I ask you ladies and gentleman to raise a glass to Fritz and Maria.
3) 4) dialog: These are troubling days. Let us hope that this memorable evening is a harbinger of happier times. GUSTAV (CONT’D) Das sind finstere Zeiten -Hoffen wir, dass dieser unvergessliche Abend unter einem guten Omen fiir gliicklichere Tage steht. Vocal agreement by the audience but you can tell that nei they or Gustav are convinced by these last words. INT. LIVING ROOM ELIZABETHSTRASSE. NIGHT. Maria and Fritz now make their way through the music and crowd, being congratulated and feted. They pass by Luise who is dancing the foxtrot brilliantly.
3) 24) text: I will always treasure it. Gustav enters with Luise.
3) 26) dialog: The whole world has been looking for you!
3) 33) dialog: You really think that is possible? The Austrians will not allow it. He hands it to him.
3) 36) dialog: We can’t leave, just like that. There will be much to do, we have to take our time.
5) 21) dialog: Forcing her to wash the pavements with acid.
5) 23) dialog: Why do you think, Therese? YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D) Das ist Die Frau Klein. Die Frau vom Doktor.
5) 26) dialog: What time is it?
5) 28) dialog: It’s Saturday. Fetch me my cello Maria.
5) 33) dialog: I will not allow them! No. I will not. We will continue. I will not allow them to touch us.
5) 35) dialog: The cello, Maria. 40 GUSTAV (CONT’D) Es ist Samstag, und es ist fast fiinf Uhr. Warum sollte dieser Samstag anders sein als die anderen?
7) 0) text: In Gustav's study, with Gustav standing by her side, Adel writes her will.
8) 532) dialog: You are doing the right thing.
8) 536) dialog: English will become your language and America will be your home.
8) 538) dialog: We speak English from now on. You listen to me now in the language of your future. 113 And he manages a little laugh. Through tears, Maria laugh too. But then, still speaking English, his tone changes. GUSTAV (CONT’D) When our family moved to Vienna, Maria, they were not rich people. We worked hard, we did everything we could to contribute, and to belong. We are proud of what we have done and we are proud of our children. Nobody can take that away from us. And now, as you go, I ask you only one thing, mein liebling.
8) 540) dialog: Remember us. And father, mother and daughter fall into each others’ ar and embrace for the very last time. Maria stands and walks to the door. When she reaches it, turns back one last time and looks at her mother and fath THERESE THERESE (CONT’D) Take us with you, in your Behalte uns in deinem Herzen, heart, and learn to be happy und lerne, wieder gliicklich again. zu werden. And Maria goes. INT. ROOM OFF THE ARBITRATION ROOM. DAY. Randy knocks on the door and tentatively pushes it open. Maria is still standing by the window.
9) 0) text: Through Maria’s eyes, the house magically transforms into what it used to be: a warm family home. Music fills the rooms, something rich, evocative and moving. As she moves around the house Maria is bedazzled by what sees. She wanders from room to room and comes across scen from a beautiful childhood and a resplendent Austrian pas First, in the dining room, she sees her mother Therese arranging flowers in a vase and being helped by Maria and Luise, as children. Then she walks across the hallway, to the living room, wh Gustav is playing the cello for his family: Maria and Lui now young women, and Therese. Enraptured, they cluster ar him, enjoying the music. And then she turns and in another part of the room, she s herself and Fritz dancing on their wedding night, twirlin through the admiring guests. She walks through the crowds the Adele room and pushes open the door. She enters and is amazed at what she sees. The room is buzzing with people - artists, writers, Vienna at its bes There is art on the wall, and books, and clusters of peop in animated discussion. She makes her way through the cro towards the end of the room : Adele sits directly beneath Klimt portrait, surrounded by Ferdinand and a group of friends as they argue passionately about politics, and ar and life. And next to her is the painter himself, Gustav Klimt. Maria approaches them. Ferdinand smiles at her lovingly. finally, Adele looks up at her and reaches out for her ha and takes it in hers. And when she speaks, it is in Germa