2) 22) dialog: Mrs. Altmann? Maria and Randy are taken by surprise. HUBERTUS (CONT’D) I spotted your name on the list of speakers for the restitution conference and I tracked you down. Randy is immediately suspicious. 27
2) 24) dialog: Hubertus Czernin, investigative reporter. I’ve been called a thorn in the Austrian backside. I took it as a great compliment. He takes Maria’s hand and kisses it. Randy balks a little HUBERTUS (CONT’D) Welcome to Vienna. INT. HOTEL BAR. NIGHT. In the empty bar of the small hotel Maria and Randy have whisky with Hubertus. Hubertus places a copy of his magaz PROFIL on the table in front of them.
2) 25) dialog: I’m the editor. My little Austrian baby. It keeps me sane. Randy flicks through it, still suspicious. HUBERTUS (CONT’D) When I wrote a piece exposing the Nazi past of our own President Waldheim a man walked up to me in the super-market and spat in my face. He called me a traitor. I said to him I was a true Austrian. Only I know how much I love this country.
2) 27) dialog: I just thought you could do with an Austrian friend. Randy hands him back the magazine.
2) 29) dialog: Like many Americans Mr. Schoenberg, perhaps you have a tendency to be a little optimistic.
2) 31) dialog: This whole restitution thing began as a P.R. exercise. Austria wanted to improve its image abroad. (MORE)
2) 33) dialog: But now it’s turning into a Pandora’s box.
2) 35) dialog: So they’re going to put as many obstacles in your way as possible. And I might just be able to help you get over some of them.
2) 37) dialog: Let’s just say it’s a very particular brand of patriotism. He stands. HUBERTUS (CONT’D) Now if you'll excuse me, I think I’ll treat us to another round of drinks.
4) 19) dialog: Thankfully I have what is commonly known as a ‘mole’ in the Belvedere. Someone who can speed things up. Hubertus hands Randy a piece of paper with a number on it HUBERTUS (CONT’D) On Mondays the museum is all locked up. But my friendly mole will be waiting for you. I hope you’re not allergic to a little dust.
4) 21) dialog: Be patient, Maria. He’ll soon come to see that some Austrians are his friends, whatever their motives.
4) 24) dialog: At Belzec death camp, yes. Mrs. Altmann, your aunt is around this corner. Are you ready for the reunion? They turn the corner and there she is: Klimt’s portrait o Adele. The emotion is evident on Maria’s face and she can help but whisper her aunt’s name to herself.
4) 26) dialog: Rightly or wrongly she has become embedded in Austria’s identity. A national icon. Adele has become part of the country’s psyche. But as he talks Maria’s mind has travelled to the distant past --
5) 12) dialog: With pleasure. Maria and Randy pose in front of the painting. Hubertus i about to take the shot when they are approached by a gruf guard. 38
6) 0) text: On a beautiful morning, Randy and Maria make their way to Belvedere to meet Hubertus’ mole and search the archives.
6) 12) dialog: Congratulations. Quite a treasure trove of information. 46
6) 16) dialog: Maria, you are the living link to the past.
6) 18) dialog: Tell us what you know.
6) 24) dialog: And now, thanks to your brilliant detective work.. Hubertus picks out of the photocopies a copy of the will, shows it to Maria: Adele’s signature stands out.
6) 26) dialog: I’ll translate as accurately as I can. This is the part which interests us. He starts to translate a part of the will to them. HUBERTUS (CONT’D) “IT kindly ask my husband to bequeath...”
7) 1) dialog: “,.my portrait and the other Klimt paintings after his death to the Belvedere Gallery in Vienna...” And we watch her signing it: Adele Bloch-Bauer.
7) 4) dialog: One step at a time. You’re right Maria, she does in fact request for the paintings to go to the Belvedere but the request has a very specific condition attached to it. And he picks up the will again, reads a phrase from it. HUBERTUS (CONT’D) “Nach seinem Tode”.
7) 7) dialog: Let’s tell the story chronologically. Maria, do you have any idea of what happened to your family’s property after you got away? 48
7) 9) dialog: But maybe now it’s time to know. Randy, why don’t you tell us about the home-work you've been doing.
8) 2) dialog: Your family’s belongings ended up in the hands of the most powerful criminals of the Nazi elite. INT. HUBERTUS’ STUDY. DAY. This news is affecting Maria, every new piece of informat like a stab in the heart.
8) 5) dialog: Aryanisation. EXT. ELIZABETHSTRASSE - DAY. Two men in Nazi uniform are carrying a painting out of th house and loading it into the back of a small truck. The painting is not visible, covered in cloth.
8) 6) dialog: Did you know for instance that one of your uncle’s favourite paintings, a Waldmuller portrait of Count Esterhazy as a boy.. 49 INT. THE LIVING ROOM, ELIZABETHSTRASSE. DAY. And Maria as a small child is going through her uncle’s s collection, with Ferdinand by her side. They are sitting the sofa and on the wall above them hangs the Waldmuller.
8) 8) dialog: .-ended up decorating the walls of no less a place than the Berghof, Hitler's private residence in the Bavarian Alps. And we see the back of a man whom we suspect is Hitler admiring the new acquisition. INT. VIENNA STATE OPERA. NIGHT. A glittering audience populated by Nazis and their female companions fill the Opera House during a performance of a Wagner opera. On stage, a tenor sings an aria. And in the audience, on one of the balconies, HERMAN GOERING sits ne to his young wife EMMY who is wearing Adele’s necklace an glows with the knowledge that all admiring eyes are on he
8) 9) dialog: Or that your Aunt’s necklace, the same one she wears in the Klimt portrait, came to adorn the neck of Emmy Goering, Herman Goering’s young wife. INT. HUBERTUS’ STUDY. DAY. Maria’s devastation grows as she hears of the fate of her family’s most treasured possessions. She takes a swig of bourbon that Hubertus has poured for her.
8) 11) dialog: None of the proceeds of this sale of course trickled through to your family.
8) 13) dialog: The Nazis themselves were not that keen on the Klimts - they were, after all, a little too degenerate for their taste. But the paintings caught the eye of someone with a more prescient and refined appreciation of art: Bruno Grimshitz, the Director of the Belvedere Gallery. INT. HUBERTUS’ STUDY. DAY.
8) 15) dialog: The paintings were taken off the walls of your family home and carefully transported to what became their final resting place.
8) 18) dialog: Of course, certain facts had to be altered. Like your Aunt’s name for instance. And her Jewish provenance of course. For a short while after the war she became simply known as.. And a visitor leans in to observe the name of the paintin written on a plaque: WOMAN IN GOLD. 51 INT. HUBERTUS’ STUDY. DAY.
8) 21) dialog: It was not enough to rob your family and try to destroy it. You had to be eradicated from history.
8) 24) dialog: In 1941. Your uncle, if I’m not mistaken Maria died..
8) 26) dialog: A whole four years later.
8) 29) dialog: And if I’m not mistaken, he wrote his own will before he died..
8) 31) dialog: Leaving his entire fortune, or at least the shreds that were left of it, to you and your sister, his only living heirs. 52 INT. HOTEL BEDROOM, ZURICH. NIGHT. Ferdinand sits on the edge of his bed, staring into the p alone, approaching the end of his life.
8) 32) dialog: It was one of the last things he did before he died a few days later. INT. HUBERTUS’ STUDY. DAY.
8) 33) dialog: After the war your sister appointed the lawyer Johann Rinesch to see what he could do. An honest man I think, but slightly ineffectual.
8) 35) dialog: He started making inquiries about the will but didn’t get very far.
8) 37) dialog: And from that point on, either through oversight or intent, the manner in which the paintings got to the Belvedere in the first place was concealed.
8) 41) dialog: We've kept the best for last. Randy why don’t you show Maria our trump card? And Randy triumphantly brings out an official looking document form the Bloch-Bauer file.
8) 44) dialog: The paintings weren’t hers to give away. And the magnitude of what they reveal suddenly dawns on h
8) 48) dialog: So now we need to get all this to Rudolf Wran, the head of the restitution committee. Randy punches the air, starts moving around the room, he can’t control his excitement.
8) 50) dialog: Randy, wait, take a deep breath, sit down, listen. Randy does as he’s told, he sits. HUBERTUS (CONT’D) She is the Mona Lisa of Austria Randy.
8) 81) dialog: They're all here. The woman just coming in the door.. We see ELIZABETH GEHRER being welcomed into the room.
8) 83) dialog: With your new friend Rudolf Wran of the restitution committee.
8) 85) dialog: Quite a turn-out. They’re putting on a very good show.
8) 110) dialog: Bad news: they’ve postponed the announcement of the verdict till Wednesday.
8) 199) dialog: It’s not America. In order to pursue the case in Austria the government demands a deposit against the cost of $1.8 million dollars. And that’s for starters.
8) 201) dialog: Based on a portion of the estimated value of the paintings.
8) 203) dialog: Your hands are tied behind your back, correct.
8) 205) dialog: Nobody here will decide to give you back the paintings, Randy. It would be a waste of time and money. It’s a dead end and they all know it.
8) 488) dialog: The man you chose for the arbitration panel is a safe bet.. but I’m a little worried about the other two, I can’t lie. The one chosen by the Austrian State is a strict traditionalist. I can’t see him deciding in your favour. And as for the third..well,it’s a gamble.
8) 490) dialog: But I never thought you’d come back. And personally, I need to be honest - I don’t think it’s the right decision. You are betting on Austria having changed. And Hubertus’ eyes suggest that it might be a bet too far They pass by a small concert hall. A poster catches Randy eye: there’s an Arnold Schoenberg concert starting in twe minutes. He looks at Hubertus and they smile at the coincidence. Randy checks his watch and runs to the box office, gives his credit card to the female BOX OFFICE EMPLOYEE, who takes it.
8) 493) dialog: What a coincidence. INT. CONCERT HALL. NIGHT. Randy and Hubertus sit in the darkened concert hall. Rand listens proudly to his grandfather’s music, watching the orchestra playing and the crowd appreciating it. And something is inspired in him. INT. THE ARBITRATION ROOM. DAY. The arbitration. A large room in a Government building in Vienna. At a long table sit the three arbitrators. In the room there is also a sizeable audience which includes Hubertus, Elizabeth Gehrer, Wran and Toman. Randy stands the panel. One of the arbitrators stands.
8) 511) dialog: One thing is for sure. This country is about to decide what it really is. They approach a bench and sit down on it. HUBERTUS (CONT’D) When I was a child, my father used to bring me here on Sundays.
8) 513) dialog: And a ride on the ferris wheel. And he knows that now is the moment to confide; their friendship has earned it. HUBERTUS (CONT’D) He was an impressive man, tall and domineering with his hair always combed back. Handsome, I suppose. As a small boy I looked up to him, worshipped him.
8) 515) dialog: When I was fifteen I discovered that he had been a Nazi, Maria. A passionate follower of the Third Reich. His words are coming out with great difficulty, almost as he hasn’t spoken them before. 110 HUBERTUS (CONT’D) All my life I’ve been trying to make up for the sins of the father. Every day, asking myself how he could be the person he was. And every day trying to move away from him. He turns to look at Maria and Randy. HUBERTUS (CONT’D) How’s that for a motive, Randy?
8) 520) dialog: For the first time in a long while I am proud to call myself an Austrian.
8) 529) dialog: I think our friend might be needing a little attention. 112 Randy sees Maria enter a room off the hall, and follows. turns one last time to Hubertus, casually throwing his words over his shoulder as he moves away.