3) 24) text: I will always treasure it. Gustav enters with Luise.
3) 25) dialog: There you are! Come Maria, it’s time for the cake!
3) 28) dialog: Hurry up! I’m hungry! 31 YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D) Ich werde sie immer zu schadtzen wissen. YOUNG LUISE (CONT’D) Da bist du ja! Komm’ Maria, es ist Zeit fiir den Torte! GUSTAV (CONT’D) Die ganze Welt ist auf der Suche nach Dir! YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D) Schon gut, ich komme. embraces him. He kisses her.
3) 29) dialog: And she drags Maria out of the room.
3) 35) text: I will leave for Zurich on Sunday with Luise. By next week, the rest of you must join us.
9) 0) text: Through Maria’s eyes, the house magically transforms into what it used to be: a warm family home. Music fills the rooms, something rich, evocative and moving. As she moves around the house Maria is bedazzled by what sees. She wanders from room to room and comes across scen from a beautiful childhood and a resplendent Austrian pas First, in the dining room, she sees her mother Therese arranging flowers in a vase and being helped by Maria and Luise, as children. Then she walks across the hallway, to the living room, wh Gustav is playing the cello for his family: Maria and Lui now young women, and Therese. Enraptured, they cluster ar him, enjoying the music. And then she turns and in another part of the room, she s herself and Fritz dancing on their wedding night, twirlin through the admiring guests. She walks through the crowds the Adele room and pushes open the door. She enters and is amazed at what she sees. The room is buzzing with people - artists, writers, Vienna at its bes There is art on the wall, and books, and clusters of peop in animated discussion. She makes her way through the cro towards the end of the room : Adele sits directly beneath Klimt portrait, surrounded by Ferdinand and a group of friends as they argue passionately about politics, and ar and life. And next to her is the painter himself, Gustav Klimt. Maria approaches them. Ferdinand smiles at her lovingly. finally, Adele looks up at her and reaches out for her ha and takes it in hers. And when she speaks, it is in Germa