1) 0) text: The Bloch-Bauer residence on Elizabethstrasse. HEINRICH a KLAUS, two soldiers in Nazi uniform, stand outside it and start pounding loudly on the front doors. Standing behind them in civilian clothes is the Gestapo agent, FELIX LAND HEINRICH . HEINRICH (CONT’D) Open the door! Offnen Sie die Tir! EXT. LOS ANGELES STREET. DAY. Superimposed caption : LOS ANGELES, 1999 A car drives down a Los Angeles street and passes by a sm knitwear boutique - this little shop looks very European, small and quaint - quite incongruous in the West Hollywoo surroundings. INT. MARIA'S BOUTIQUE. DAY. The phone is ringing in Maria’s knitwear boutique, as MAR is handing a purple cardigan over to a customer. Maria is elderly, beautiful woman who oozes old world charm and elegance. Behind her chic ensembles and delicate manner however there is a fair amount of steel as well as an anarchic streak. Her customer is LIZBET, another elderly woman of European provenance.
1) 1) dialog: When I saw this one I decided it had your name on it. Lizbet tries on the cardigan.
1) 2) dialog: Purple is definitely your colour. I don’t know why it’s taken you sixty years to discover it. The phone keeps ringing; Maria excuses herself with a smi and answers it.
1) 3) dialog: Hello? Yes, my dear, it is. I see. Yes, of course. Thank you for letting me know. She puts down the receiver. And in her face we see that s has just received some life-changing news. Lizbet notices
1) 5) dialog: Luise. EXT. A CEMETERY. DAY. A Jewish cemetery on a sunny afternoon, an oasis of calm against the Los Angeles skyline. People huddled around LUISE’S coffin as Maria makes a short speech. She looks dignified in an unostentatious suit.
1) 6) dialog: My sister and I loved each other but the truth is that we were always competing. If life is a race, then she has beaten me to the finishing line. But if it isa boxing match, then I’m the last one standing. A ripple of laughter from those who knew them both. With spade, Maria throws some earth into the grave. And when s speaks again, it is quietly, looking down at her sister’s coffin.
1) 9) dialog: Thank you for coming, Barbara, to have you here means a lot.
1) 11) dialog: I’m getting used to losing the people I love. Practice makes perfect, my dear. And that reminds her of a job that needs doing.
1) 12) dialog: Barbara. Your son, the lawyer...
1) 14) dialog: Last time I saw him he was wearing braces and reading a Spiderman comic. How is he?
1) 17) dialog: So what happened?
1) 19) dialog: I’m sorry to hear it. They’ve reached the cars. A chauffeur opens the door for Maria.
1) 21) dialog: Well, that sounds promising. The two women kiss and Maria gets into the car.
1) 23) dialog: Some letters I found in my sister's belongings. I need advice from someone I can trust. EXT. A LOS ANGELES ROAD. DAY. RANDY is driving his tired car a little erratically along LA road, obviously late. RANDY is in his thirties, eager, with a rough charm . But there is also something a little chaotic and immature about him, as if he is still searchi for his centre.
1) 60) text: Thanks, Mom. EXT. MARIA’S FRONT YARD. DUSK. In the early evening, Randy pulls up in front of Maria’s little bungalow. He gets out of the car to find her water her plants.
1) 61) dialog: I was expecting you at six. It’s ten past.
1) 63) dialog: You look tired and stressed but you’re not bad looking.
1) 65) dialog: Do you know anything about art restitution?
1) 67) dialog: Well, it’s never too late to learn. Come in and have some strudel. I made it especially for you. And as they enter the house, Randy throws a quick glance his watch. He really doesn’t have the time for this. INT. MARIA’S LIVING ROOM. DUSK. Randy is walking around Maria’s living room, taking it al in. It’s as if a small part of pre-war Vienna has been transported to the suburbs of L.A. He’s looking at an old family picture on the wall from the 1920s when Maria approaches with a slice of strudel for him.
1) 68) dialog: My sister is the pretty one on the right. INT. LIVING ROOM, ELIZABETHSTRASSE. DUSK. The photo comes to life: it is the 1920’s and the Bloch- Bauers are posing for the photographer: CHILD MARIA and h sister CHILD LUISE, GUSTAV and THERESE, their parents, FERDINAND and ADELE, their uncle and aunt. As each one is mentioned, we see them in close-up as they prepare to hav their photograph taken.
1) 69) dialog: I’m the moody one in the middle. My parents, my uncle Ferdinand, and my aunt Adele.
1) 71) dialog: Adele did not have children, we were like one big family ; I had two sets of parents. GUSTAV GUSTAV (CONT’D) Try to smile Maria, it’s Versuche wenigstens einmal im good to exercise your facial Jahr zu lacheln Maria, es is muscles at least once a year! eine gute Ubung fiir deine Gesichtsmuskeln! They all laugh and there’s a flash as the photo is taken.
1) 72) dialog: The Bloch-Bauers.
1) 74) dialog: I found these amongst my sister's belongings. I’ve translated them for you on the back. He starts to scan them, notices the date.
1) 77) dialog: From our family lawyer in Vienna, Johann Rinesch. All about our paintings which were stolen by the Nazis. 10
1) 79) dialog: A month ago I read in the New York Times that things are changing in Austria.
1) 81) dialog: They're redrafting the art restitution laws. Reviewing old cases. INT. MARIA'S DINING ROOM. DUSK. The dining room basks in late afternoon light as Maria op the sliding doors to it, and it’s madness - all of her sister’s belongings take up the whole room, books and box piled high on the floor and on the table. Randy follows h into the room.
1) 82) dialog: My sister finally moves in with me. Only problem is she decides to do it when she’s dead.
1) 87) dialog: I’m glad you went for law and not stand-up comedy.
1) 89) dialog: Here she is - my Aunt Adele, painted by Gustav Klimt.
1) 91) dialog: It’s magnificent. She was taken off the wall of our home by the Nazis. Since then, she has been hanging in the Belvedere Gallery in Vienna.
1) 93) dialog: Wouldn’t that be lovely?
1) 95) dialog: And you think that’s what it’s about, do you? Randy is slightly taken aback and admonished. With her ha she indicates the many boxes that lay piled and scattered across the room: a family’s history. She picks up an old - a copy of the famous children’s stories Struwwelpeter - runs her hand across the cover. He notices the book.
1) 96) dialog: I have to do what I can to keep the memories alive. Because people forget, you know. And then, there’s justice. And he catches something in her eyes - the memory of a lo lost past and a long-forgotten wrong. EXT. MARIA’S GARDEN. NIGHT. Under the warm Californian night, Maria and Randy are sit in her garden. Randy is holding the postcard of Adele now Maria is holding the letters.
1) 97) dialog: After the war they returned a couple of paintings to us which paid for my nephew’s education. But we had to sign export permits to relinquish any claims to the five Klimts including that portrait of my aunt.
1) 101) dialog: We didn’t have the strength to fight, we were just grateful to be alive. All we wanted to do was mourn our dead. And there was another important reason we didn’t contest it.
1) 103) dialog: We were told that Adele had left the paintings to the Belvedere in her will.
1) 105) dialog: We always thought so. Then I read these letters. And she puts them on the table. Randy picks them up, but again he throws a quick look at his watch. EXT. MARIA’S FRONT YARD. NIGHT. A few minutes later, Maria is walking Randy back to his c When they get there, she decides to give her verdict.
1) 106) dialog: I am sorry to have wasted your time. It was a test and we have both failed. He looks at her, doesn’t know what she means.
1) 107) dialog: I have bored you to tears. Four times you looked at your watch tonight.
1) 109) dialog: So why would you be interested in ancient history? She takes the letters from his hand.
1) 110) dialog: It's great about the new job. And I hope you succeed in making your wife happy. Enjoy your couscous, my dear. He is about to get into the car, then stops. She doesn’ Something
1) 113) dialog: Into a terrible adventure. I too, found it frightening. small happens; she returns the letters to him.
1) 114) dialog: Just have a look and tell me if I have a case. That’s all I want from you. INT. THE SCHOENBERGS’ BEDROOM. NIGHT. Randy and Pam’s bedroom, like the rest of their house, is small and too crowded; it’s obvious they’ve outgrown it. Randy is lying in bed next to PAM, looking through the letters.
1) 122) dialog: Everybody here looks like they are about to have nervous breakdowns.
1) 125) dialog: I’m impressed.
1) 127) dialog: And then what?
1) 129) dialog: Next month? He hands her a piece of paper - she scans it with her eye
1) 131) dialog: Slow down, you're going too quickly for me. You can explain things to me over lunch. And just then, he sees Sherman again, coming out of a conference room.
1) 136) dialog: All I have is my bungalow, my shop, and a little money I’ve been saving for a trip to Hawaii. I don’t want to start throwing cash at some fancy lawyers. He hands her the photocopies across the table, starts to on his jacket.
1) 138) dialog: Randy, I don’t want to rock your boat.
1) 140) dialog: But maybe you can help me on the side. Like a hobby. He makes a sign at the waitress for the check.
1) 142) dialog: You are quite rude, a little uncouth, and completely disinterested in the past.
1) 144) dialog: But you have the connection.
1) 146) dialog: Your family, Randy. Your grandparents. They were from Vienna. We have the same history. And to this he has no answer. INT. RANDY'S OFFICE. DAY. Back on his computer that afternoon, Randy closes a work and starts looking for info on the actual painting, finds piece about it, and his eyes fall on a sentence about its estimated value. 17 With him we read the words : “estimated value is over a hundred million dollars”. We watch his reaction at this p of information. EXT. LOS ANGELES PARK. DAY. Randy and Pam are having an evening stroll in a local par Randy has DORA, their baby daughter, strapped to him. As Randy talks to her about this change of heart, he tries t appear casual, nonchalant - a performance to keep her on side.
1) 166) dialog: I’1ll close the shop only when I croak.
1) 168) dialog: You are chomping at the bite all of a sudden! 19
1) 171) dialog: What are you talking about?
1) 173) dialog: I love your enthusiasm. After all, I’m not a spring chicken, we need to get moving. But in your haste, there’s been a misunderstanding.
1) 175) dialog: I’m not going back to that place. Not now, not ever.
1) 177) dialog: They destroyed my family. They killed my friends and forced me to abandon the people and places that I loved.
1) 179) dialog: You think that’s a long time?
1) 181) dialog: Randy, you're not listening! I would rather die than go back there. Not for all the paintings in the world. She suddenly feels she may have over-reacted, pulls back, smiles at him. But she knows she’s made her point.
1) 182) dialog: Anyway, a few days ago you weren’t even interested in the case, now you are all over me like a rash. What happened?
1) 199) dialog: I know it’s the middle of the night but if I wait until the morning, I might change my mind. She stops for a second, takes a breath.
1) 200) dialog: I've decided to face the ghosts. INT. THE SCHOENBERGS’ BEDROOM. NIGHT. Randy puts the phone down. Pam has woken, is looking at h questioningly.
1) 205) dialog: Siegmund and Malvina. She had the most beautiful eyes, like an owl.
1) 207) dialog: If I’m going back, I might as well do it in style. Now Pam, darling, would you mind going a little quicker, we'll miss our flight.
1) 209) dialog: I want to buy perfume and cognac in the duty free. Pam and Randy exchange a shared look in the rear-view mir as he pulls a face of mock terror. What is he getting him into?
1) 211) dialog: Maybe you should change lanes.
2) 2) dialog: I never thought I’d come back. She puts her hand on Randy’s. In that one gesture of phys intimacy, all her fear is obvious. And Randy is a little taken aback by it - he senses the emotional nature of the he’s accepted and this makes him a little nervous. EXT. VIENNA. DAY. Montage of Vienna, a world away from Los Angeles: the par the tree-lined avenues, the Schonbrunn Palace. EXT. VIENNA TAXI. DAY. Randy and Maria in the back of the cab taking them from t airport to the hotel. Maria is staring out of the window.
2) 4) dialog: We’re lucky anyone has agreed to meet us at all.
2) 6) dialog: We haven’t even arrived and you're already thinking of ways to get rid of me.
2) 8) dialog: Anyway, I want to go to the Belvedere to visit my aunt. The postcard doesn’t do her justice. Maria stares out of the window. They are on the Ringstras now, and the car stops at a traffic light by a cafe. Mari looks through the cafe window. And suddenly, for a second through Maria’s eyes, it changes. In the cafe, in amongst the people in modern dress, she sees herself as a child, her sister Luise, and her aunt Adele. The girls are eatin ice-cream, and Adele is laughing at something one of them said. Maria blinks nervously and it all returns to the present. momentary memory. INT. HOTEL RECEPTION. DAY. At the reception of their small hotel they are signing in The receptionist, a young Austrian man, is writing down t details from Maria’s passport and notices that she was bo in Vienna.
2) 10) dialog: Just round the corner, yes. RECEPTIONIST RECEPTIONIST (CONT’D) You speak German? Sprechen Sie Deutsch?
2) 11) dialog: Yes. But I choose to speak English these days.
2) 13) dialog: I‘1l certainly try. And there is a nervousness in her which manifests itself slight terseness. EXT. ELIZABETHSTRASSE. DUSK. Later that night Randy and Maria are walking under the st lamps of Elizabethstrasse. Suddenly she stops in her trac Her family home stands before them. The emotion is clear her eyes and voice. Randy notices.
2) 15) dialog: There it is. No. 18. Our home. 26
2) 17) dialog: The things this house has seen Randy. Great writers, artists and musicians passed through these doors, including your grandfather of course. And once, Doctor Freud. On my wedding night, half of Vienna was here. The world was changing around us, but we danced on, unaware. Only half conscious.
2) 19) dialog: Is everything a joke to you? And she walks away. He stands in her wake, cursing himsel EXT. VIENNA HOTEL. NIGHT. They are nearly back at the hotel now, MARIA walking ahea angrily, with Randy in tow, feeling her wrath.
2) 20) dialog: I think we’ve both made a mistake coming here.
2) 26) dialog: And what makes you interested ina couple of Californian tourists Mr. Czernin?
2) 34) dialog: They don’t want to give away their treasures.
2) 38) dialog: Wonderful idea. And he leaves the table and makes his way to the bar. Ran continues to look suspicious and Maria uses the opportuni to score a point.
2) 39) dialog: I like him. At least he has some manners. But Randy doesn’t look convinced. INT. MARIA'S HOTEL BEDROOM. NIGHT. Maria is in her nightie, brushing her hair and getting re for bed. She goes into the bathroom and pours some water her face. She looks into the mirror questioningly. Has sh done the right thing coming back? And YOUNG MARIA appears the mirror’s reflection: her twenty-two year old self in bridal dress. And we hear the voice of her husband FRITZ, he sings a Mozart aria.
3) 1) text: When my daughter Maria told me that she was marrying an opera singer I said ‘as long as he’s not planning to sing Puccini at the wedding’. So we settled on Mozart. Let’s keep the whole thing Austrian I said. Some laughter, applause.
4) 0) text: Randy and Maria are sitting waiting for someone from the Archive Department. No-one is paying much attention to th Randy looks at the clock on the wall.
4) 2) dialog: Something tells me we'll be doing a lot of waiting in Austria. An ARCHIVE EMPLOYEE appears, a stern looking woman in her fifties. She is holding a file. She speaks German. ARCHIVE EMPLOYEE ARCHIVE EMPLOYEE (CONT’D) Your application to search Ihre Anfrage auf the archives has been Nachforschung im Archiv ist received but it has not been eingetroffen, wurde aber noc processed yet. nicht bearbeitet. Randy tries to reply in German but is useless - he has a strong American accent and completely mispronounces the words.
4) 5) dialog: That’s Austrian bureaucracy for you. Selectively efficient. And by the way, I thought you said you had forgotten most of the German your grandmother taught you.
4) 7) dialog: You haven’t forgotten most of it. You have forgotten all of it. And she’s walking towards the door, leaving him reeling i her wake. INT. OFFICE IN MINISTRY OF CULTURE. DAY. Randy and Maria are in the office of a junior official in Ministry of Culture. The man is superficially cordial and smiles a lot but there is an air of impatience to him, as he has more pressing matters.
4) 9) dialog: Young Mr. Schoenberg and I have travelled all this way so we'd appreciate discussing my case with the Committee before they make any decisions at all.
4) 11) dialog: We’re an external party, are we?
4) 14) dialog: This man had the smile of a psychopath. 35 She jokes but Randy notices she’s been affected by the meeting.
4) 16) dialog: I’m wondering if I have the strength to deal with these people. And we’ve only been here a day. And she gives him a vulnerable smile. EXT. THE BELVEDERE. DAY. Randy, Maria and Hubertus are walking towards the main entrance of the Belvedere in the morning sunshine.
4) 18) dialog: The archive department wasn’t exactly helpful.
4) 20) dialog: Didn't I tell you he was going to be useful, Randy?
4) 23) dialog: Amalie Zuckerkandl. Also painted by Klimt. She was a friend of our family. She was murdered by the Nazis.
4) 25) dialog: Aunt Adele. Randy too is bewitched by the painting, he stares up at i awe and admiration.
5) 0) text: Young Maria looks up at the Klimt painting of her aunt wh now hangs on the wall. Adele approaches her.
5) 8) dialog: She was stolen by thieves! Suddenly, unexpectedly, school-children. . TOUR GUIDE (CONT’D) Osterreichs Goldene Adele, gemalt von Klimt. Eines unserer beriihmtesten Gemalde, ein herausragendes Beispiel 6sterreichischen Kulturerbes. she
5) 9) dialog: Sie wurde von Dieben gestohlen! The tour guide and the students look at her as if she is mad woman and then move to another painting. Some of the teenagers giggle at her. Maria pulls herself together.
5) 11) dialog: Excuse the temper of an eccentric old woman. Mr. Czernin, will you kindly take a photograph of me and Randy please?
5) 14) dialog: This woman is my aunt and this painting belongs to my family. For once, please make an exception to your rules... She leans forward and peers at his name-tag.
5) 15) dialog: ....Franz. Thank-you. You are very kind and most understanding. The guard is dumb-struck, speechless.
5) 16) dialog: Come on Randy. Relax and smile. And they pose for Hubertus who’s enjoyed what he’s just witnessed. As he takes the photograph we see the two wome faces in close proximity - aunt and niece, past and prese EXT. VIENNA. DAY. 1938. 12th of March, 1938: the Anschluss. Nazi troops marching the streets of Vienna - and the crowds are jubilant. Peop are throwing flowers. Maria and Fritz have come to witnes all. They stand behind the crowd, trying to blend in, but find it increasingly difficult. They then run off into a street off the main thoroughfare and see streams of joyou young people running in the opposite direction to them, a towards the celebrations. Alarmed by all they see, they r YOUNG MARIA YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D) Quickly, let’s get home! Schnell, lass uns Heimgehen! INT. LIVING ROOM, ELIZABETHSTRASSE. DAY. Maria, Gustav and Fritz are listening to the wireless, tr to hear the latest news, Therese is looking out of the window. And all around them the suitcases which had alrea been packed. FRITZ FRITZ (CONT’D) It says they’ve closed the Sie sagen, dass die Grenzen borders. geschlossen sind. GUSTAV GUSTAV (CONT’D) My brother was right. We Mein Bruder hatte Recht. Wir should have left already. hatten friiher fliehen sollen.
6) 0) text: On a beautiful morning, Randy and Maria make their way to Belvedere to meet Hubertus’ mole and search the archives.
6) 2) dialog: I wasn't going to miss the fun part. It’s like a James Bond film and you are Sean Connery. And as they approach the main entrance, they are met by A a chic young woman who works behind the scenes at the Belvedere.
6) 6) dialog: We'd never want to get a nice woman like you into trouble, would we Randy?
6) 9) dialog: Roll up your sleeves, Randy. INT. BELVEDERE ARCHIVE ROOM. DAY. A montage of Randy and Maria over the whole day as they rummage through thousands of files and documents. The clo on the wall indicates the passing hours. INT. BELVEDERE ARCHIVE ROOM. NIGHT. Just before midnight Randy finds the file he’s looking fo
6) 11) dialog: This is it! INT. HUBERTUS’ STUDY. DAY. The next morning Hubertus is holding photocopies of all t documents. Maria and Randy are with him in his beautiful large study of his flat on the top floor of a Vienna pala the house of an intellectual, cultured man.
6) 14) dialog: I’m happy to see you're getting on so well.
6) 17) dialog: Hanging on with my finger-nails!
6) 19) dialog: My aunt Adele died in 1925. INT. ADELE’S BEDROOM, ELIZABETHSTRASSE. NIGHT. 1925 Adele is dead, laid out in her bed with a weeping Ferdina by her side.
6) 20) dialog: Meningitis. She was only forty three years old. My uncle was devastated. He said that a large part of him died with her. INT. HUBERTUS’ STUDY. DAY.
6) 22) dialog: I remember my uncle mentioning that she’d written one.
6) 25) dialog: Her signature, mein Gott. 47
7) 3) dialog: So she did leave them to the gallery after all. Dear me, we’ve come all this way for nothing. Is this what’s known as an anti-climax Randy?
7) 5) dialog: ‘After his death.’
7) 8) dialog: Not at all. Unlike Lot’s wife, I never looked back.
7) 10) dialog: I don’t care if it’s ten o’clock in the morning. Pour me a stiff drink.
8) 3) dialog: All our personal things...
8) 7) dialog: I remember it, it was in the living- room. One of his favourite paintings.. INT. BERGHOF. DAY. And the painting is unveiled in a room near a window thro which we catch a glimpse of snow-capped mountains.
8) 10) dialog: I almost wish you hadn’t told me all this.
8) 12) dialog: Not a shilling. 50 INT. THE ADELE ROOM, ELIZABETHSTRASSE. NIGHT. A man sits in the Adele room, looking up at the portrait admiration as he smokes a cigar: BRUNO GRIMSHITZ.
8) 14) dialog: Grimshitz. An appropriately named character. INT. THE ADELE ROOM, ELIZABETHSTRASSE. NIGHT. And now we watch the portrait of Adele being taken off th wall in Elizabethstrasse by two men in Nazi uniform with Grimshitz supervising.
8) 20) dialog: Even her identity was stolen from her.
8) 22) dialog: We were Jewish, after all.
8) 25) dialog: At the end of the war, in forty- five.
8) 28) dialog: He died in that hotel in Zurich alone, having lost everything.
8) 30) dialog: He did, yes. INT. HOTEL BEDROOM, ZURICH. DAY. Ferdinand writes a will in his hotel bedroom and we see t two names of his nieces as he pens them: Luise, Maria.
8) 38) dialog: So for decades the truth was obscured.
8) 40) dialog: But even if all this happened, the simple fact is that Adele’s will does ask for them to go there. So we haven’t really got a case.
8) 42) dialog: What’s this? 53
8) 45) dialog: The will is invalid.
8) 47) dialog: Adele’s wish.
8) 52) dialog: That’s what happens when he gets excited. He starts expanding his vocabulary. INT. THE RESTITUTION COMMITTEE OFFICES. DAY. Randy and Maria are trying to arrange a meeting with RUDO WRAN, the chairman of the Restitution Committee but are n having much luck with his receptionist. 54
8) 55) dialog: We realise that but it’s essential that we speak to him.
8) 57) dialog: My dear girl, we’re going around in circles. Suddenly, at the far end of the room two men walk out of Wran’s office and start to make their way to the main entrance of the building. Maria spots them.
8) 58) dialog: Is that him Randy? Randy looks and starts to move towards him with speed, Ma in tow. The secretary shouts after them.
8) 63) dialog: Please don’t apologise, important men like yourself must be very busy.
8) 68) dialog: We didn’t come here to eat cakes.
8) 71) dialog: I can tell you have very refined taste, Mr. Wran.
8) 77) dialog: That fills me with confidence.
8) 80) dialog: I wish they’d accepted him. Who cares if he wasn’t a Picasso? It would have been a lot better if he had spent his life doing tacky paintings. INT. ACADEMY OF FINE ARTS, VIENNA. DAY. The main room is full of descendants of families who had their art looted by the Nazis and also by members of the government and media. The room is buzzing. Before the speakers commence, all the invited guests are having coff Maria, Randy and Hubertus are standing in the middle of t throng. Maria looking resplendent in a pink suit.
8) 84) dialog: Our music lover.
8) 92) dialog: When people see the portrait of my aunt, they see a masterpiece by one of Austria’s finest artists. When I see it, I see a woman who talked to me about philosophy while I brushed her hair and who told me off for biting my nails. There is a ripple of laughter from the audience at this v particular memory.
8) 93) dialog: A woman who, had she not died young, would have had to escape Austria or die in a camp because she was Jewish. You see, restitution is an interesting word. Of course it means compensation, but it means something else as well. I looked it up in the dictionary. There is some laughter from the audience as she puts on h glasses and reads from a small piece of paper. 58
8) 94) dialog: ‘Restitution: the return of something to its original state.’ She puts down the paper, looks at her audience.
8) 95) dialog: I know I can’t be a little girl again but, like so many of my generation, who were forced to flee from this city, I would like to return to my original state. I would like to be re-united with my family. As she speaks these words, quietly and with dignity, she can’t help the emotion leaking through. And we watch how words affect Randy. EXT. ACADEMY OF FINE ARTS. DUSK. The conference is over and people are leaving through the main doors into the cold Vienna evening. Randy and Maria on the steps of the building. As Maria is putting on her coat, they are approached by BERNARD KOHLER, a high-ranki employee of the Belvedere. He hands her his card; she loo at it. Randy is immediately suspicious.
8) 97) dialog: How can I help you, Mr. Kohler?
8) 99) dialog: You have grown attached to them.
8) 101) dialog: Once the past has been put to right, I would be open to reaching an arrangement with you.
8) 104) dialog: Now if you’ll excuse me, I have a feeling that my lawyer is getting a trifle nervous.
8) 107) dialog: What you mean is you think I should be careful what I say.
8) 109) dialog: When they ask for it. Now, if you’ve finished lecturing me, I think I’m going to walk back to the hotel. And she walks off. Randy watches her go, shakes his head, irritated. The tensions of the visit are getting to them both. Hubertus approaches him, holding his phone. He has just received a text message. He shows it to Randy.
8) 171) dialog: Come on, hurry up, they’re announcing the decision in an hour.
8) 174) dialog: We haven’t got all day, hurry up. He turns to her, snaps a little.
8) 178) dialog: And put your scarf on. I don’t want you to catch pneumonia. INT. RUDOLF WRAN’S OFFICE. DAY. Rudolf Wran, Elizabeth Gehrer, GOTTFRIED TOMAN and a YOUN WOMAN who takes notes throughout the meeting are in the r Toman is bald, elegant, with an immaculate beard and shar intelligent eyes. They are all on edge but cordial as the greet Maria and Randy. Randy has trouble hiding his nerve
8) 180) dialog: How do you do?
8) 186) dialog: They are not joking, Randy. 72
8) 192) dialog: I don’t think they are interested in facts, Randy. Randy sits back in his chair, in shock. Toman takes the opportunity to state his argument.
8) 195) dialog: When my aunt wrote those words Austria was not the same country. It was not imprisoning and killing her friends, her people.
8) 197) dialog: Come on Randy, let’s go. She makes her way to the door, turns around. Looks straig at Toman, speaks with a quiet ferocity in her voice.
8) 198) dialog: You speak of my aunt, Dr. Toman, as if you knew her. You did not know her. And I can tell you now that what you have decided today would make her ashamed to call herself an Austrian. And it should make you ashamed, as well. And she opens the door and goes. An on the faces of the Austrians we know that her words have touched a chord. EXT. VIENNA STREET. DAY. Later that afternoon, Maria and Randy are walking back to their hotel with Hubertus, trying to come up with another solution.
8) 200) dialog: One point eight million?
8) 206) dialog: Hubertus, thank you so much for all your effort. (MORE)
8) 208) dialog: But no more day-dreams. Come Randy, we have some packing to do. INT. MARIA'S HOTEL ROOM. NIGHT. Maria is at the window of her room, the TV on silent in t background. She is looking out over the Vienna roof-tops. suit-case is open on the bed. Suddenly, it looks like she might break down - all the tensions and frustrations of t return to Vienna have taken their toll. There’s a knock a the door. She pulls herself together and opens it; it’s Randy.
8) 210) dialog: Come in. Sit down. He does as he’s told, sits on the edge of her bed as she continues packing.
8) 211) dialog: I’m exhausted. That’s what happens when you have to deal with a lot of grim shits. They laugh together. Then she starts to pack.
8) 212) dialog: They will never admit what they did. Because if they admit to one thing, then they have to admit to it all.
8) 214) dialog: They were never victims. Most of them threw flowers and opened their arms to greet the Nazis. That’s the simple truth. Suddenly, Randy spots Elizabeth Gehrer on the CNN news. H grabs the remote control and turns on the volume.
8) 216) dialog: Enough. Tomorrow, we go home. And on the way to the airport, we pay our respects. That way, we will not have come here in vain. EXT. THE HOLOCAUST MEMORIAL, VIENNA. DAY. And in the soft morning light, Maria and Randy visit the Rachel Whiteread Holocaust memorial in Judenplatz. Randy running his fingers across the engraving of the word Treblinka.
8) 218) dialog: I remember them well. They lived in a house with a cherry blossom in the garden. She always gave me sweets when I visited. And she had the most beautiful eyes.
8) 220) dialog: Your mother reminds me of her. And once again he runs his fingers over the engraved word
8) 222) dialog: Come, we should be leaving for the airport.
8) 225) dialog: If my darling Fritz was still alive today he would surely be singing an aria to welcome us back. Any excuse was good enough!
8) 227) dialog: We did our best. That’s what matters. We did everything we could. The past is the past and now we must let it go, my dear. But they both know it won’t be easy. INT. THE SCHOENBERGS’ BEDROOM. NIGHT. Pam wakes up - Randy isn’t in bed beside her. INT. THE SCHOENBERGS’ LIVING ROOM. NIGHT. Pam comes into the living room, finds him lying on the fl with Dora asleep on his chest.
8) 234) dialog: There you go. I hope your husband likes you in it as much as I do. As the Woman Customer walks by Randy on her way out, she can’t help giving him a funny look. He smiles back at her
8) 235) dialog: Thank you, Mrs. Scheff. And she’s gone. Randy is still breathless.
8) 236) dialog: Well, fancy seeing you after all this time.
8) 238) dialog: Hello to you too. Now will you please explain to me what you are babbling on about?
8) 240) dialog: Oh, not all that again. Anyway, I thought you said we couldn’t sue them over here. That Foreign State Immunity thing.
8) 242) dialog: Which are...? 79
8) 244) dialog: Which it was.
8) 246) dialog: You mean the Belvedere Gallery?
8) 248) dialog: Selling a book in Barnes and Noble?
8) 250) dialog: Only trouble is, I don’t think I want to. He looks at her, uncomprehending.
8) 251) dialog: Don’t you remember what I said to you, Randy? There comes a time when you have to move on. But from his incredulous expression, it’s clear that that time hasn’t yet come for Randy. INT. BERGEN BROWN SHERMAN OFFICES. DAY. Sherman is striding through the offices, late for a lunch appointment. Randy is stalking him excitedly. As he walks Sherman scans a file that Randy has given him.
8) 275) dialog: What do we want with the Austrian Consul? Randy turns back to the receptionist.
8) 278) dialog: Can you slow down a little and tell me what’s going on here? 83
8) 280) dialog: You can’t do this Randy, just going ahead like a mad steam-roller.
8) 282) dialog: Stop walking so fast! I can’t keep up with you! He stops at her admonishment and she catches up.
8) 284) dialog: I told you I have no intention of suing them. I’ve had enough excitement. I have returned to my quiet life and I have begun to find some peace again.
8) 286) dialog: Oh don’t be so stupid. And she pulls herself together, takes a second.
8) 287) dialog: Besides, you don’t have the time to do this. You have a full time job, remember? You have a family to support. And Randy's expression says it all. Maria gets it. He’s q EXT. THE SCHOENBERGS’ GARDEN. DAY. Randy approaches Pam at the bottom of the garden, out of earshot of Dora who is playing with some toys in the distance. Randy drops his atom bomb.
8) 298) dialog: Nice of them to give jobs to Jewish boys.
8) 300) dialog: In the hope that I will die before we have a trial. But I will do them the favour of staying alive.
8) 302) dialog: Now, hurry up, because the chocolate on your donut is melting. INT. COURTROOM, THE DISTRICT COURT. In the courtroom Randy and Maria are greeted by STAN GOUL and Toman. Gould is an impressive looking lawyer whose wh demeanour breathes with quiet, understated confidence. Ra has just finished his donut, there is a tiny smidgen of chocolate on his nose.
8) 307) dialog: I hope we make your visit worthwhile. 86
8) 309) dialog: Thank you Dr. Toman. This morning I’m feeling as if I have another fifty years in front of me. Toman looks confused at the private joke between Maria an Randy.
8) 312) dialog: It really isn’t much of an inconvenience. If I wasn’t here, I'd either be at my shop or at home watching ‘Days of Our Lives’. Randy is mortified at her interruption, the others can’t quite believe it. Judge Cooper steps in.
8) 326) dialog: I’ve always thought there should be more women judges. INT. COURTROOM, THE DISTRICT COURT. DAY. Randy approaches Toman as he is about to leave the courtr
8) 331) dialog: Enjoy Disneyland! 89 And Toman walks away. INT. MARIA’S LIVING ROOM. DAY. Maria is having her hair done at home. EIGHT MONTHS have passed and she is looking a little more frail. A HAIRDRES a middle aged woman, has just finished and is showing her back of her head with a portable mirror.
8) 332) dialog: Appeal, appeal, appeal. The Austrians keep appealing and they’re denied every time.
8) 334) dialog: So now we're going all the way to the Supreme Court. Which is why I need you to make me look like a million dollars. The phone rings and she leans over and answers it.
8) 335) dialog: Hello? Randy, what’s happened to you? I’m getting my hair done Washington style. EXT. THE SCHOENBERGS’ GARDEN. DAY. Randy is on the wireless phone in the garden when Pam approaches him. She is very noticeably pregnant.
8) 349) dialog: The son of Estee. I’ve always loved your mother’s cosmetics. Her lip- stick is my favourite. INT. FOUR SEASONS HOTEL CAFE. DAY. A few minutes later. Maria and Lauder are having tea, Lau talking with focussed intensity.
8) 351) dialog: My aunt would be flattered. 91
8) 353) dialog: She has that effect on people.
8) 355) dialog: We are jumping the gun a little, Mr. Lauder.
8) 357) dialog: And continues to be one.
8) 359) dialog: You think so?
8) 361) dialog: You can ask him to take a hike. Lauder is flummoxed.
8) 362) dialog: I’m sticking with my school-boy, Mr. Lauder. And that’s final. INT. THE SCHOENBERG’S BEDROOM. NIGHT. Randy is lying in bed surrounded by pages and pages of wo documents, rehearsing for his imminent appearance at the Supreme Court. He practices out loud. 92
8) 381) dialog: Do it again without the arms. Randy starts speaking with his arms glued to his side.
8) 383) dialog: Now you look like a pillar.
8) 385) dialog: Move them but not like before. Somewhere between a windmill and a pillar. 94
8) 387) dialog: Alright, I’1l leave you alone now. She gets up and makes her way towards the door. Then turn him.
8) 388) dialog: Speak from the heart, Randy, and you'll be fine.
8) 390) dialog: Have a cough drop. They are cherry flavoured. Randy takes it but he is a nervous wreck as he shuffles through his documents. Maria leans further in, puts her h on his arm.
8) 391) dialog: You know, my dear, even if we go no further, we made it to the Supreme Court. Who'd have thought it? A little Austrian girl like me... INT. ELLIS ISLAND DETENTION WARD. DAY. 1938. On a hot July day, with a view of New York seen through a window, a few poorly dressed people mill around their bun in a dormitory of a tenement for newly-arrived refugees. man is tuning an accordion, some children are looking at comic book, a woman sits on the edge of her bed, staring ahead. In amongst them, lying on a bunk, are Maria and Fritz. They sit on the bed with brochures promoting California spread out before them. They are sharing a bot of cheap wine, and trying to stay cheerful in this new, unknown country. 95
8) 418) text: But let’s put things into perspective here: this is a case about one woman wanting back what is rightfully hers. Mrs. Altmann came to America as a young woman in search of peace. Let’s give her justice too. Maria looks up at Randy and her eyes are beaming with pri INT. AN ANTEROOM, THE SUPREME COURT. DAY. In a room just outside the courtroom, Maria and Randy fin themselves in the middle of a media scrum. A REPORTER pla a mike under Maria.
8) 420) dialog: Everybody wants me to hurry up and die, why not the Americans as well? The journalists laugh. Randy is standing at the side when is approached by another COURT REPORTER.
8) 430) dialog: She takes after her father. Can’t sit still for a moment!
8) 432) dialog: Like you have spiders crawling in your underwear all the time. Randy keeps looking at his watch.
8) 434) dialog: You’re making us all nervous.
8) 437) dialog: I told you not to get excited but you didn’t listen to me.
8) 439) dialog: What are you talking about?
8) 442) dialog: From the first moment I saw you, I knew you were the right man for the job! That’s why I ignored all the terrible bits. And she plants a big smacker on his cheek. Randy smiles b is holding back a little bit; almost as if he can’t quite allow himself to feel the joy of the moment. EXT. THE SCHOENBERGS’ DRIVEWAY . DAY. And in the evening light, Randy and Pam are waving at Mar as she is driven away in a taxi. Randy is holding Nathan, is holding Dora. But Pam has picked something up in Randy behaviour.
8) 454) dialog: You’ve done an effective job proving that Dr. Toman.
8) 456) dialog: How very refreshing.
8) 458) dialog: As a gesture of reconciliation I am willing to allow the paintings to remain in the Belvedere. All you have to do is admit that you took them illegally. 102
8) 463) dialog: Randy!
8) 466) dialog: Randy, can I speak to you in private for a moment? And from her tone, Randy knows she’s having none of it. INT. CORRIDOR OUTSIDE THE BOARDROOM. DAY. Maria and Randy are standing outside the boardroom. Throu the glass wall we can see Toman and Binder. Maria is fier and adamant. Randy was prepared for this and is doing his best to reassure her.
8) 467) dialog: Have you lost your mind?
8) 469) dialog: Before, I die is what you mean.
8) 471) dialog: And you're crazy enough to think that some arbitration in Vienna will vote in our favour?
8) 473) dialog: But that means we have to go back to Austria. Randy starts to lose his patience with her.
8) 475) dialog: No, Randy, I will not be quiet! I’m sorry. Enough is enough. And she’s already opened the door to the boardroom. INT. BOARDROOM. DAY. She strides up to where her handbag is, picks it up, turn Toman and speaks, dignified and strident in equal measure
8) 476) dialog: Congratulations, Dr. Toman. Your tactics have succeeded. I am not playing this game anymore. Goodbye, gentlemen. And she sweeps out of the boardroom, leaving Binder speechless. Toman can’t help but release a tiny look of satisfaction. INT. CORRIDOR OUTSIDE THE BOARDROOM. DAY. And she sweeps by Randy, not stopping for a second. EXT. MARIA’S FRONT YARD. DAY. Randy drives up to Maria’s bungalow, pulls over, gets out and runs towards the front door. He is worked up, fuming. rings the doorbell and a couple of seconds later, Maria o the door but doesn’t let him in. 104
8) 478) dialog: I’m not in the mood, I don’t want to talk to you.
8) 480) dialog: It’s over, Randy! We made a mistake.
8) 482) dialog: I’m saying that we have to accept defeat and return to what’s left of our lives.
8) 484) dialog: I’m saying that I’m tired and that they can keep the paintings. I’m saying Randy, that as of this moment, I no longer need your services. Randy can not believe what he’s hearing. And when he erup Maria is not prepared for the full force of it.
8) 487) dialog: The Austrians will never let go. And I won't be humiliated again. Go back to Vienna if you have to. But this time I’m not coming back with you. You’re on your own Randy. And the two of them stand silently opposite each other in hallway of her small house, shaken by their emotions. EXT. VIENNA. NIGHT. Montage of Vienna at night. EXT. VIENNA STREET. NIGHT. Randy and Hubertus are walking down a street in the old p of town.
8) 500) dialog: The first time I came back for myself. This time I came back for you. Now, stand up straight. He looks at her, takes strength from her words, straighte up, and resumes his opening speech - she has moved and inspired him. He takes a deep breath and he looks two inc taller. And the speech is now driven by a new confidence.
8) 512) dialog: For waffles and ice-cream, eh?
8) 514) dialog: You wanted to grow up to be like him.
8) 517) dialog: You are a fine man, Hubertus. A good man. Then Randy’s phone goes: a text. He looks at it.
8) 521) dialog: You should be.
8) 523) dialog: Sexy and victorious! And how do I look?
8) 526) dialog: Dr. Toman. They go to one side.
8) 528) dialog: It makes me sad too that they will not stay in Adele’s country. But Dr. Toman all along I have tried to negotiate, to keep the dialogue open. And all along you have thwarted me, closed the doors in my face. I am tired, Dr. Toman, and my aunt is now crossing the Atlantic to make her home in America, like I once did. Excuse me. And she makes a move away from him, visibly emotional and starts to walk down the hall, looking for some privacy. Hubertus notices; points it out to Randy.
8) 542) dialog: In a moment Randy.
8) 544) dialog: Thank you my darling, thank you with all my heart for what you’ve done. But foolishly I thought that it would make everything alright, make it better. He looks inquiringly at her, trying to understand. And sh breaks. 114
8) 545) dialog: Nothing can ever do that Randy. I left them here, I left them here, my love. And he opens his arms to embrace her. She falls into them and she weeps. EXT. ELIZABETHSTRASSE. DAY. Later, after all the madness, Randy and Maria walk in the late afternoon sun.
8) 547) dialog: I’ve been thinking of that smart Mr. Lauder. I think I want Aunt Adele to go and live in his little gallery. My only condition is that she will always be on public display, for everyone to marvel at. After all, I think she’s a little too big for my bungalow.
8) 549) dialog: I’m quite happy where I am, thank you. And the money can go to relatives and good causes. I think it’s what she would have wanted.
8) 551) dialog: Well, I do need a new dish-washer. She winks at him jokingly, but there is a sadness in her voice. Suddenly, they are approached by a young Austrian woman, Susi.
8) 553) dialog: Thank you, my dear. The young woman smiles and runs off. Maria and Randy walk silence for a couple of seconds. And then, quietly, Maria speaks. 115
8) 554) dialog: Your grandfather would be proud of you. Without even knowing it, you have become a torchbearer. He looks at her, not understanding.
8) 555) dialog: The one who keeps the memory alive, Randy.
8) 557) dialog: Give me a moment. She walks up to the entrance of the building and through gate. INT. ELIZABETHSTRASSE, STAIRWELL. DAY. Maria walks up the stairs to her former home. She pushes Open. INT. THE ENTRANCE HALLWAY. ELIZABETHSTRASSE. DAY. Inside, the offices of the Rail Company look like any oth offices - a little bland. A young man who is a RAIL COMPA EMPLOYEE walks up to her, smiling.
8) 559) dialog: I know this house. I want to Ich kenne dieses Haus. Ich look around. Just a few wiirde mich gern ein wenig moments. umsehen. Nur einen Augenblick. A little baffled, he smiles.
9) 0) text: Through Maria’s eyes, the house magically transforms into what it used to be: a warm family home. Music fills the rooms, something rich, evocative and moving. As she moves around the house Maria is bedazzled by what sees. She wanders from room to room and comes across scen from a beautiful childhood and a resplendent Austrian pas First, in the dining room, she sees her mother Therese arranging flowers in a vase and being helped by Maria and Luise, as children. Then she walks across the hallway, to the living room, wh Gustav is playing the cello for his family: Maria and Lui now young women, and Therese. Enraptured, they cluster ar him, enjoying the music. And then she turns and in another part of the room, she s herself and Fritz dancing on their wedding night, twirlin through the admiring guests. She walks through the crowds the Adele room and pushes open the door. She enters and is amazed at what she sees. The room is buzzing with people - artists, writers, Vienna at its bes There is art on the wall, and books, and clusters of peop in animated discussion. She makes her way through the cro towards the end of the room : Adele sits directly beneath Klimt portrait, surrounded by Ferdinand and a group of friends as they argue passionately about politics, and ar and life. And next to her is the painter himself, Gustav Klimt. Maria approaches them. Ferdinand smiles at her lovingly. finally, Adele looks up at her and reaches out for her ha and takes it in hers. And when she speaks, it is in Germa
9) 2) dialog: I did it for all of us. Ich habe es fiir uns alle getan. EXT. ELIZABETHSTRASSE. DAY. Randy is waiting for Maria outside the house. He hears something, and turns. And there she is, standing on the threshold of the house. She walks towards him and when sh reaches him she looks slightly different - in her eyes, t knowledge that even though the past can never be put righ she has fulfilled her purpose by restoring justice. With that, comes a relief. And she wouldn’t have been able to it without him. Job done.
9) 3) dialog: Let’s go home, Randy. Your family is waiting. 117 INT. BELVEDERE GALLERY. DAY. We watch a montage of the paintings’ long journey from Vi to America: being taken off the wall at the Belvedere. Superimposed caption: SIXTY EIGHT YEARS AFTER THE KLIMT
9) 5) dialog: 
12) 0) text: Randy, Pam and their three children are walking in the pa one of them, JOEY, is a baby that Pam is holding. And Mar is there too. Pam is taking a photograph of them all. Superimposed caption: RANDY AND PAM HAD A THIRD CHILD, JO WITH THE MONEY EARNED FROM MARIA’S CASE RANDY SET UP HIS
13) 0) text: And finally, we see Maria back at home, in her bed. She i about to go to sleep and as she leans over to switch off bed-side lamp we see two things on the table beside her b a photograph of her family taken on her wedding day and t postcard of the portrait of her aunt Adele. Superimposed caption: SHE DIED AT HER HOME IN LOS ANGELES FEBRUARY 2011. She leans over and switches off the light. THE END.