1) 25) dialog: And I really feel that with a firm like yours..and I really feel, sir, that with a firm of this reputation... His cell phone - very much of the period - rings on the passenger seat next to him. He picks it up, placing the c between his thighs.
1) 26) dialog: Hello?
1) 28) dialog: Not a good time, Mom, not a good time. I’11 call you later. He switches it off, puts it back, and aims for his cup. B he drops it, pouring steaming coffee on his crotch.
1) 29) dialog: shit! EXT. BERGEN BROWN SHERMAN OFFICES. DAY. Randy is racing towards the impressive glass and steel building that houses the Bergen Brown Sherman Law Firm. H running late, has to weave his way through impressive you lawyers on their way to work. INT. ELEVATOR, BERGEN BROWN SHERMAN. DAY. And in the elevator of the law firm building, he is still rehearsing under his breath.
1) 30) dialog: I sincerely feel that with a firm of this standing, no, with a firm of this calibre.. There’s a high-powered looking lawyer wearing an impressi suit in the lift - he throws Randy a funny, slightly supercilious look and then spots the coffee stain on the crotch. RANDY. It's coffee. Soya cappuccino.
1) 32) dialog: With a firm as impressive as this, I would be strongly motivated to deliver my very best. SHERMAN has an open folder before him which contains Rand CV : the name SCHOENBERG in bold letters at the top.
1) 34) dialog: Arnold was my grandfather, sir.
1) 39) dialog: Retired now, but yes sir, he is.
1) 41) dialog: Yes, sir. He gives up, smiles, just a little defeated. It’s not as he’s not used to living in these shadows.
1) 43) dialog: I took a risk and it didn’t pay off. Working for yourself isn’t everything it’s hyped up to be.
1) 46) dialog: Here’s to Bergen, Brown, Sherman, and being able to tell them apart.
1) 48) dialog: Uh-oh. She gives him a playful kick in the shins. He feigns pai
1) 50) dialog: Oh my God, I’ve just come from the interview and she’s already calling the moving company.
1) 52) dialog: What is it you don’t like about this place? The leaking taps, the rogue mice, or the psychotic neighbour?
1) 54) dialog: Sounds pretty good. She kisses him, turns to go into the house.
1) 56) dialog: That’s great. I’m going to run out but I’1l be back by eight, eight thirty at the latest.
1) 58) dialog: My Mom's been driving me crazy. Some family friend woman. I need to get it out of the way. She kisses him.
1) 60) text: Thanks, Mom. EXT. MARIA’S FRONT YARD. DUSK. In the early evening, Randy pulls up in front of Maria’s little bungalow. He gets out of the car to find her water her plants.
1) 62) dialog: My apologies, Mrs. Altmann, it was gridlock on Wilshire. And it’s lovely to see you too. As he shakes her hand the sarcasm can’t help but seep thr his smile. Maria starts to make her way towards the front door; he follows.
1) 64) dialog: Thank you.
1) 66) dialog: Not a thing.
1) 73) dialog: The famous Bloch-Bauers. INT. MARIA’S LIVING ROOM. DUSK. And now they’re sitting and he’s finished the cake, puts plate down. Maria hands him a big bundle of letters, tied with a string. He is polite but it’s not easy, he doesn’t want to be here.
1) 75) dialog: 
1) 78) dialog: Okay.
1) 80) dialog: How are they changing?
1) 83) dialog: Well, at least you won’t be having any arguments that way. She gives him a look. He flounders, keeps digging.
1) 84) dialog: What I mean is..you know how house- mates argue, like about leaving dishes in the sink and stuff like that. She gives him nothing. Randy digs some more.
1) 85) dialog: So you won’t be arguing. About dishes. Is what I mean. Coz she’s dead. It's agony. He’s reached the end. No more space to dig.
1) 86) dialog: I’m sorry. That was..it was a joke. Well, it was supposed to be a joke. She holds it for a beat.
1) 88) dialog: You’re not alone there. 11 She reaches for a box, opens it, takes out a faded old postcard of the Klimt portrait of Adele, hands it to him.
1) 90) dialog: That’s quite a painting.
1) 92) dialog: And now you want to be reunited.
1) 94) dialog: It would make you a rich woman, I’m sure.
1) 98) dialog: Export permits?
1) 100) dialog: Just like that?
1) 102) dialog: What was that?
1) 104) dialog: Had she?
1) 108) dialog: I got a new job today. I have a baby that keeps me up at night, a wife I want to make happy, several financial institutions who'd like my feet broken, and a plate of couscous waiting at home. 13
1) 111) dialog: Struwwelpeter. t understand.
1) 112) dialog: That book you were holding. My grandmother used to read those stories to me. Terrifying. The one with the boy who got swept away by the wind...
1) 116) dialog: ‘11th of April, 1948. Dear Luise Bloch-Bauer,’ - that’s her sister - ‘the Austrian Government has decided to return to you two of the paintings which were unlawfully taken from your family during Nazi occupation.’ 14 INT. MARIA’S BUNGALOW. NIGHT. Maria goes from room to room, switching off the lights on one before she goes to bed. As the portrait of Adele is mentioned we hover a little on the postcard of it which M has placed leaning against some books in the dining room.
1) 117) dialog: ‘This however comes with the full understanding that they will hold on to the Klimt portrait of your aunt and the other four Klimts which they insist were bequeathed to the gallery in her will, a fact which they claim as incontestible.’ INT. THE SCHOENBERGS’ BEDROOM. NIGHT. And as Randy reads the last sentence, his interest has gr
1) 118) dialog: ‘The will itself, I have not seen, despite my persistent attempts to do so. Yours sincerely, Johann Rinesch’. And he puts down the letter, looks over at Pam.
1) 120) dialog: Nobody saw the will. Can you believe that? Nobody.
1) 123) dialog: Most of them are. We need to photocopy these. 15 Through a glass partition he notices Sherman looking at h wondering who Maria is. Feeling the pressure, Randy start walk down the corridor to where the photocopier is, with Maria in tow. He is obviously in a hurry, fitting Maria i between pressing work at the office.
1) 124) dialog: I was up till three, I did some research for you.
1) 126) dialog: Get someone on the ground in Vienna. For the first time in fifty years, they’ve opened the archives. So you start by trying to find a copy of Adele’s will. They have arrived at the photocopier. He starts to make copies for her.
1) 128) dialog: The Austrian Ministry of Culture has set up a committee to review each case individually. You need to fill in an application for them to consider your claim by the end of next month at the latest.
1) 130) dialog: I’ve sent away for one already.
1) 132) dialog: Oh, no, no, no, no. I can’t do lunch. I can’t do lunch, Maria. INT. NORM’S DINER. DAY. They’ve had lunch. Randy has placed the photocopied paper the table, amidst the leftovers.
1) 133) dialog: These are three names of the top restitution lawyers in America. (MORE)
1) 135) dialog: They’11 cost you but without them, it’s a non-starter.
1) 137) dialog: I need to go.
1) 139) dialog: Well, thank you, how considerate.
1) 141) dialog: You can’t do this ‘on the side’ Maria, this is a full time job, this is not a hobby.
1) 143) dialog: And you have a talent for making me feel good about myself.
1) 145) dialog: The connection?
1) 147) dialog: I can help her find the will, get the ball rolling, then hand the whole thing over to someone else.
1) 149) dialog: So all I need to do is get the firm interested.
1) 151) dialog: I’m not going to run off, honey, I just want to persuade them to let me go. It’s not a big deal.
1) 153) dialog: Nothing to lose.
1) 156) dialog: Not just any paintings sir. 18
1) 158) dialog: I see it as a possible investment for the firm.
1) 160) dialog: It’s all in there, sir. There seems to be a move in Austria towards making reparations for the past. And these paintings are priceless. I'd be..we’d be representing Mrs. Altmann.
1) 162) dialog: I think it would be a mistake not to take a look. For a second Sherman could go either way.
1) 164) dialog: Thank you, sir! INT. MARIA’S BOUTIQUE. DAY Early evening and Maria has just received a new shipment sweaters at her small boutique. She is taking them out of containers, placing them carefully onto the shelves. Rand bursts in from the street. She works throughout the scene
1) 165) dialog: Still working.
1) 167) dialog: I’ve got the green light - I’1l go over, try and find the will. Then we take it from there. She is thrilled.
1) 169) dialog: The bit, yes. And I’ve got another idea... He puts a copy of an Austrian newspaper, the Wiener Zeitu on the counter where she’s folding the sweaters. Points t article. The sight of the Austrian paper unnerves her.
1) 170) dialog: My mother sent me this. There’s an art restitution conference planned later this month. They’re looking for speakers. I think you should be one of them.
1) 172) dialog: Elegant descendant of one of the great Viennese families- the press would love you. It would speed things up, apply pressure.
1) 174) dialog: There has? And suddenly her tone changes, a raw nerve has been touch She stops her work, folds up the newspaper and puts it in hands.
1) 176) dialog: I don’t understand.
1) 178) dialog: Over half a century ago.
1) 180) dialog: We'd only go back for a few days. And now she snaps, shows that steel. 20
1) 183) dialog: Against my better judgement, I think I like you. And she gives him a shrewd look. He can’t quite fool her. despite his shortcomings, she can’t help liking him back. INT. MARIA'S LIVING ROOM. NIGHT. At home Maria is alone in her living room, sitting in an chair in her dressing-gown, surrounded by all her things. in her face we see that Randy’s suggestion that she shoul return has unleashed a tumult of conflicting emotions. INT. THE SCHOENBERGS’ KITCHEN. NIGHT. Randy is feeding Dora, who is in a high-chair. Pam, who i part-time photographer, has some of her most recent photo spread out on the kitchen table and is going through them It’s obvious that she’s not happy about his decision to g
1) 184) dialog: I’'1l be back before you know it. Four days, a week at most. Depends on the reception I get.
1) 186) dialog: It’s just a hunch, no real plan. She stops what she’s doing.
1) 188) dialog: I’m not emigrating to the Congo, I’m going to Austria for a few days, with the firm’s blessing. What do you think? 21 She stands up, walks over to him, gives him a kiss on the forehead.
1) 198) dialog: Hello? EXT. MARIA’S GARDEN. NIGHT. Maria is standing under the Los Angeles night in her gard on the wireless phone to him. As she speaks, it takes som courage to form the words.
1) 201) dialog: She’s complicated. INT. MARIA’S BOUTIQUE. DAY Maria attaches a piece of paper to the shop door which re ‘THE SHOP WILL BE CLOSED UNTIL TUESDAY THE 4TH OF APRIL’. as she does it, the doubt has crept in again: is she doin the right thing? 23 EXT. L.A. HIGHWAY / INT. CAR DAY. Pam is driving Maria and Randy to the airport. Maria, dre to the nines for the trip, is in the front seat. Randy is the back.
1) 203) dialog: I know. She’s asked me seven times.
1) 206) dialog: I noticed that’s a big suitcase you're bringing along, Maria. You sure you're taking enough stuff?
1) 208) dialog: It doesn’t leave for another four hours.
2) 3) dialog: Some guy from the Ministry has agreed to see me tomorrow. I have a feeling he’s in charge of paper- clips.
2) 5) dialog: But you don’t have to come, you can stay at the hotel.
2) 7) dialog: I didn’t really/ 25
2) 14) dialog: Are you alright, Maria?
2) 16) dialog: It’s beautiful. But Maria is overwhelmed, and can’t speak. EXT. ELIZABETHSTRASSE. DUSK. And a few minutes later they are walking round the side o the house, seeing it from different angles and the memori have flooded back.
2) 18) dialog: Too much alcohol? And the minute it’s out, he knows he’s ruined the moment. gives him a withering look. She is incensed.
2) 21) dialog: I’m sorry, Maria. Just as they approach the hotel, a man emerges from the shadows. It is HUBERTUS CZERNIN: in his mid-forties, handsome, intellectual and aristocratic.
2) 23) dialog: And you are...?
2) 28) dialog: What for?
2) 30) dialog: I do?
2) 36) dialog: And what's in it for you? What’s your motive? Hubertus smiles at the abruptness of Randy’s question.
4) 0) text: Randy and Maria are sitting waiting for someone from the Archive Department. No-one is paying much attention to th Randy looks at the clock on the wall.
4) 1) dialog: Forty-five minutes.
4) 3) dialog: Quickly, please. Schnell, bitte! ARCHIVE EMPLOYEE ARCHIVE EMPLOYEE (CONT’D) We will let you know when Wir werden Sie permission is granted. benachrichtigen, sobald die Freigabe erfolgt ist. And she walks off.
4) 4) dialog: I think that’s a no.
4) 6) dialog: Thanks, Maria, that’s kind. 34
4) 12) dialog: The paintings belonged to Mrs. Altmann’s family.
4) 15) dialog: How are you doing?
4) 17) dialog: It looks like we’re not going to get a copy of the will before we have to leave after all.
4) 22) dialog: Keep working at it. And Randy's little retort is enough for us to know that h doubts about Hubertus are thawing. INT. THE BELVEDERE. DAY. Maria, Randy and Hubertus are walking through the Belvede galleries. Suddenly, Maria stops in her tracks. She sees portrait she recognises. It is the Klimt portrait of Amal Zackerkandl. 36
5) 10) dialog: Maria? With shaking hands she takes out of her bag a small camer
6) 0) text: On a beautiful morning, Randy and Maria make their way to Belvedere to meet Hubertus’ mole and search the archives.
6) 1) dialog: I really think I could have done this on my own Maria.
6) 5) dialog: Discretion assured.
6) 10) dialog: Eureka. He opens it- and sees pages and pages of documents from t 1930s and 40s. He throws it to Maria. She looks down at i in big bold letters on the front of the file it has a nam BLOCH-BAUER. She looks up at Randy, moved and excited.
6) 13) dialog: Hubertus and I were up all night doing some homework.
6) 15) dialog: And now we can start putting together a picture of all that happened.
6) 21) dialog: Was there ever talk of a will?
6) 23) dialog: She had. In 1923, two years before her death.
7) 6) dialog: She specifically asks for the painting to be given to the Belvedere after Ferdinand’s death.
8) 1) dialog: After you escaped Austria Maria, your house became the scene of what can only be described as one of the great Viennese auctions of the day.
8) 4) dialog: Handed over to whoever took a shine to them. And they had a word for it.
8) 17) dialog: Grimshitz knew a masterpiece when he saw it. And then, out of nowhere, a constantly changing parade of museum visitors through the post-war decades from 1946 to present pass by the painting, many pausing to admire it.
8) 19) dialog: Woman in Gold.
8) 23) dialog: So the paintings reached the Belvedere...
8) 27) dialog: So contrary to the request in Adele’s will they were there well before his death.
8) 34) dialog: That’s a kind understatement.
8) 36) dialog: Eventually, the Belvedere persuaded him to sign the export permits as guarantee that you’d never go after the Klimts.
8) 39) dialog: Until now.
8) 43) dialog: A declaration by your father that Ferdinand paid for the paintings. He was the rightful owner, not Adele.
8) 46) dialog: Technically, it’s not even a will. It’s not legally binding. It’s a wish, that’s all.
8) 49) dialog: Yes! And then your aunt is coming home with us, Maria!
8) 51) dialog: I don’t care if she’s Botticelli’s fucking Venus! They haven’t got a leg to stand on. Maria and Hubertus look at each other.
8) 53) dialog: The thing is I’ve already left him four messages this morning.
8) 60) dialog: Mr. Wran? Rudolf Wran? Wran looks apprehensive.
8) 61) dialog: Randy Schoenberg. And this is my client, Mrs. Altmann.
8) 64) dialog: There’s quite a bit of new information the restitution committee needs to be aware of before it comes to any sort of decision about the Bloch-Bauer case. 55
8) 66) dialog: It’s all in there. I’ve made some observations in the margins.
8) 70) dialog: Glad to hear it.
8) 73) dialog: I couldn’t agree more.
8) 76) dialog: At least he’s a fan of my grandfather's music.
8) 79) dialog: So weird to think that Hitler once applied to be an art student here.
8) 82) dialog: Elizabeth Gehrer. Minister of Culture. And we see Rudolf Wran greeting her with an embrace.
8) 103) dialog: Maria, can I speak to you for a minute?
8) 106) dialog: I think we should be careful what we say, Maria.
8) 108) dialog: Just now, you called me your lawyer. People tend to take advice from their lawyers.
8) 111) dialog: Perfect. Two days after I’m expected back at work. That’s just perfect. (NB — RANDY'S LINE IS COPIED HERE AND BELOW, SO THAT THE
8) 115) dialog: Perfect. Two days after I’m expected back at work. That’s just perfect. EXT. PHARMACY, VIENNA STREET. NIGHT. Maria is walking through the back-streets of the old town when she suddenly sees a place she recognises - an old pharmacy that doesn’t look as if it’s changed in a hundre years. She stops, looks through the window. She lifts her hand and touches it, as if convincing herself that she’s imagining it. And then, memories come flooding back -- INT. LIVING ROOM ELIZABETHSTRASSE. DAY. 1938. Fritz is on the telephone. Maria is standing by his side. places down the receiver and turns to her. They speak in hurried whispers because they know that Heinrich the guar is in the next room.
8) 169) dialog: I know, it’s just they drag their feet a lot so the whole thing took longer than I thought it would. EXT. THE SCHOENBERGS’ GARDEN. DAY. Pam is on the wireless phone, Dora is in a stroller.
8) 172) dialog: They're okay with it, so you needn’t worry. How’s Dora? EXT. THE SCHOENBERGS’ GARDEN. DAY. Pam tries to keep it light and playful but she’s feeling lonely.
8) 175) dialog: Maria, it’s Pam, it’s my wife. Will you please give me a moment? 71 She’s slightly taken aback by his rather gruff tone. He returns to the phone conversation.
8) 176) dialog: I’m sorry, honey, I need to run, I need to run. Love you. He replaces the receiver, knows that Pam is not happy.
8) 177) dialog: Okay. That went well. He’s feeling the pressure and the tensions are slowly ris But Maria is still at his elbow, handing him a scarf.
8) 182) dialog: That’s reassuring.
8) 185) dialog: Please tell me this is a joke.
8) 188) dialog: But that’s the point..it’s not even a will. The paintings weren’t hers to give away...here, where is it.. A folder falls from his case, scattering a whole lot of papers on the floor. He kneels down and starts to pick th up, talking as he does so.
8) 189) dialog: We have proof that the paintings were Ferdinand’s property, not his wife’s, which makes her will invalid. He looks up and sees them all staring down at him. Toman picked up one piece of paper which he hands to him.
8) 191) dialog: And that’s ignoring the fact that there was a deliberate cover-up to conceal the manner in which the paintings ended up in the Gallery.
8) 194) dialog: It’s not a legally binding will! Maria tries a different tact. She speaks quietly, with gr emotion restrained by dignity.
8) 202) dialog: On the one hand they’re saying ‘take us to court’, on another it’s financially impossible for us to do so.
8) 204) dialog: What about some sort of arbitration? Here, in Vienna.
8) 209) dialog: Just checking on you.
8) 213) dialog: Admit to what?
8) 217) dialog: The place my great-grandparents were murdered.
8) 219) dialog: Like an owl. She is surprised that he remembers how she describes them
8) 221) dialog: And then they were taken away in the middle of the night. Both are clearly affected by this experience.
8) 223) dialog: I know, perfume and cognac. Give me a minute, I just need to use the men’s room. And he heads to a nearby cafe. INT. CAFE TOILETS. DAY. Randy is in the toilets and he finds an empty cubicle. He walks in, closes the door behind him. Something has happe Everything has accumulated - the stress, the disappointme the injustice. And the visit to the memorial has suddenly made the wound go deeper. He erupts, banging his fist aga the cubicle wall. In this one moment, we begin to see how events of his experience are changing him profoundly as a human being. 76 EXT. LOS ANGELES. DAY. Montage of Los Angeles - the sunshine, the freeways, the suburbs, the water-sprinklers. EXT. THE SCHOENBERGS’ GARDEN. DAY. Maria, Randy, Pam, Barbara and a few friends have convene for a welcome-back barbecue. Randy stands in the middle o the group, with Pam at his side.
8) 224) dialog: Grandfather Zeisl once said that the three things he hated most in life were Hitler, his grandmother, and the Los Angeles sun. But right now I’m going to have to disagree with him on the third one. Right now, everything about Los Angeles is pretty wonderful.
8) 229) dialog: I went for the money. She looks at him, not quite understanding.
8) 230) dialog: Those paintings are worth over a hundred million dollars. And that’s why I went out there with her. I went for the money, Pam.
8) 232) dialog: Is it? She doesn’t quite understand what he means. But she knows enough to know that she’s witnessing a shift in him. INT. THE SCHOENBERGS’ LIVING ROOM. DAY. And we see Randy doing a lot of research over the next ye and a half into various legal matters - on the living roo floor receiving some papers coming through on the fax mac and we see the heading: ART RESTITUTION: INTERNATIONAL CLAIMS. INT. RANDY'S OFFICE, BERGEN BROWN SHERMAN. NIGHT. And in his office too, poring over various files at night with the lights of L.A. twinkling in the background. INT. THE SCHOENBERGS’ KITCHEN. NIGHT. And then back in the kitchen - and the clock says it’s 3 And he’s on the internet and he’s looking under something titled : FOREIGN SOVEREIGN IMMUNITIES ACT. But he’s getti nowhere, he can’t crack it, he’s getting frustrated readi the small print. EXT. BARNES AND NOBLE BOOKSTORE. DAY. Randy walks towards the bookstore. EXT./INT. BARNES AND NOBLE BOOKSTORE. DAY. Randy is in a Barnes and Noble bookstore in LA, looking through books. He’s in the Art section and he suddenly se book on Klimt. Picks it up, leafs through it. Then his ey falls onto another book nearby: a glossy Belvedere catalo He’s struck by an idea- gets excited. He takes the book u the counter, gives it to the CASHIER. 78
8) 237) dialog: Belvedere Gallery catalogue. On sale. In Barnes and Noble. On Wilshire.
8) 239) dialog: Maria, you don’t understand. You can sue them here! In the U.S.
8) 241) dialog: I did. But I found a loophole. Three conditions.
8) 243) dialog: When the property was taken in violation of international law.
8) 245) dialog: Thank you. When the property is owned by an agency of a foreign state.
8) 247) dialog: Thank you. When that agency is engaged in a commercial activity in the USA.
8) 249) dialog: Tick, tick, tick. Three ticks. If you meet all these criteria, you can sue. You meet them. So you can sue.
8) 253) dialog: There’s one case I found, it’s in there, Jewish family from Argentina lost a hotel. Sued the Argentinians over here because they’d advertised the hotel in the U.S. They get to the elevator. Sherman gets in, Randy doesn’t. 80
8) 255) dialog: I have a feeling about this sir.
8) 258) dialog: Fine, I’m fine.
8) 261) dialog: I’m sorry. EXT. L.A. STREET. DUSK. And at dawn, with a newly discovered grit, Randy is joggi And even as he jogs, the mental wheels are turning. But h made his mind up now. (NB —- NO AMENDMENT, changes on 77 pushed scene onto an A page). INT. SHERMAN’S OFFICE. DAY. And a few hours later he’s with Sherman again, standing i front of his desk.
8) 264) dialog: I think I am, sir.
8) 266) dialog: Just one more go, sir.
8) 268) dialog: Hi there. I’d like to file a law suit against the Austrian government. I’ve filled in the summons and here’s the complaint.
8) 270) dialog: Maria. Can you come with me please? I want you to witness something. INT. THE AUSTRIAN CONSULATE. DAY. And now they’re in the reception of the consulate and Ran makes a bee-line for the receptionist. Maria follows, and watches the whole scene with growing bewilderment.
8) 271) dialog: Is Consul Brandstetter around?
8) 273) dialog: Tell him Mrs. Altmann and Randy Schoenberg dropped by. I think he may have heard of us.
8) 276) dialog: Please inform him we’re just dropping off a summons and complaint. We’re taking the Austrian Government to court. He takes an envelope out of his jacket pocket, hands it t her. Maria is flabbergasted.
8) 277) dialog: Have a nice day. And he makes his way to the exit, with Maria at his heels EXT. PARKING LOT. DAY. On the open top floor of a car-park, with the L.A. skylin the distance, Randy walks briskly with purpose towards th car. Maria is a few feet behind him.
8) 279) dialog: We're taking them to Court, Maria.
8) 281) dialog: Can’t I?
8) 283) dialog: I’m sorry.
8) 285) dialog: Say that again, with conviction. And she snaps.
8) 288) dialog: I quit. Pam is incredulous, in utter shock. It hasn’t sunk in.
8) 290) dialog: My job. I quit my job. I quit, I quit, I quit. 84 Pam makes a noise of desperation - a sound of utter despa and rage - and turns away, storms into the house. INT. THE SCHOENBERGS’ KITCHEN. DAY. She bursts into the kitchen and rockets through it, on he way to the bathroom, with Randy in close pursuit.
8) 291) dialog: I spoke to my Dad, he said he can lend us some cash to keep us going for six months.
8) 294) dialog: I’m sorry..I..I’m so sorry. You’re right - what you said the other night - a part of me never did come back. Something happened out there, Pam. I don’t know what it is but I can’t let it go. I think it’s important. But I also know that I can’t do it without you. Not for a single day, not for an hour. There’s a beat, and the door opens. She’s been crying but can tell his words have already softened her. And then, s too drops a bomb.
8) 296) dialog: Wow. Okay. Wow. That’s - I mean, that’s...okay. We’ll manage. You’11 see. We’ll manage. He steps forward and puts his arms around her. For a seco she resists, then lets him. And in that moment they are b aware that their lives are entering unknown territory. 85 INT./EXT. RANDY’S CAR. DAY. An early Californian morning, just after dawn, and Randy driving Maria to the District Court. They are both smartl dressed for a day in Court. Maria is holding a cup of cof and a chocolate donut.
8) 297) dialog: They’ve hired Stan Gould from Heimann Rose, a_ hot-shot Jewish law firm.
8) 299) dialog: They’re trying to dismiss the case on procedural grounds.
8) 301) dialog: Staying alive would be an advantage.
8) 303) dialog: Mr. Gould.
8) 305) dialog: Lovely of you to come all the way from Austria Dr. Toman. We’re flattered.
8) 314) dialog: Your Honour, Mr.Gould is right to point out that the FSIA was enacted in 1976 but he is mistaken in his theory that it can not be applied retroactively. He lifts some documents; hands them to a COURT MARSHALL. Court Marshall hands them over to Judge Cooper, who scans them. Meanwhile, Randy passes copies of them to the opposition.
8) 315) dialog: Despite the fact that actions accruing before 1976 are rarer, they very much exist, these are just three examples of them.
8) 320) dialog: Your Honour, I applaud Mr. Gould’s concern for the American tax-payer but taking the defendant to court in Austria would require her to be a multi-milionairess. It is not an option. In a matter of fact your Honour, we have exhausted all other options. If we hadn’t we wouldn't be standing before you today. 88 INT. COURTROOM, THE DISTRICT COURT. DAY. And JUDGE COOPER gives her verdict from the bench.
8) 325) dialog: First hurdle down.
8) 327) dialog: Dr. Toman.
8) 329) dialog: You’re a busy man who can’t be that keen on spending the good part of his life traipsing through the U.S. Court system. I would urge you to consider mediation.
8) 336) dialog: Okay, that’s fine, so I’ll see you at the airport. And he switches it off. She’s picked up that he’s trouble something.
8) 338) dialog: I chickened out. I don’t have the heart to tell her.
8) 340) dialog: Our own Government has filed a brief in Austria’s favour. Can you believe that?
8) 342) dialog: The Iraq war.
8) 344) dialog: They don’t want to start antagonising their allies.
8) 346) dialog: Feels like I’m fighting the whole damn world. And Pam looks at him. Something in her can’t help admirin him. And that same thing starts to change her. She doesn’ want to be one of the people he’s fighting anymore.
8) 363) dialog: Your Honours, this repeated attempt by the defence to have the case dismissed.. Pam appears at the door in her nightie. Considering what she’s about to say, her attitude is quite relaxed.
8) 365) dialog: You think I should go deeper with the voice?
8) 367) dialog: Okay. Stay calm, stay calm. But she is calm, he’s the one freaking out as he hurriedl dresses. Pam calmly takes an overnight bag out, places it the bed, and starts putting clothes into it.
8) 369) dialog: You’re having a baby.
8) 371) dialog: I‘1l get the car. Do you need to sit? Do you need a glass of water?
8) 374) dialog: Are you sure that’s important right now? She chucks him a slightly old-fashioned green one.
8) 377) dialog: Are you sure that’s what you want?
8) 380) dialog: We need to go. I’m not good at the whole midwife thing. EXT. WASHINGTON. DAY. Washington in the winter sun: Capitol Hill, the White Hou The Supreme Court. INT. WASHINGTON HOTEL. DAY. Maria is sitting on the edge of the bed coaching Randy wh stands before her.
8) 382) dialog: Mr Chief Justice and may it please the Court..
8) 384) dialog: This is great for my confidence.
8) 386) dialog: Maria, this really isn’t helping. I need to go through the briefs.
8) 389) dialog: Will I? And his question hovers in the air. Suddenly, they’re bot aware that they might be well out of their depth. EXT. THE SUPREME COURT. DAY. In the morning sunshine, the Supreme Court stands proud. INT. THE SUPREME COURT. DAY. And in the Court, everybody is settling down for the sess to begin. Randy on the one side with Maria, Gould, Toman FRANKS (representing the US Government) on the other. Mar leans over to Randy again, offers him a cough-sweet.
8) 412) dialog: Mr. Chief Justice and may it please the Court: We believe that applying the FSIA is not impermissibly retroactive. Chief Justice Rehnquist starts to ask him a question. Ran is like a bunny in the headlights of a car.
8) 414) dialog: I’m sorry. I didn’t understand the question. The embarrassment is palpable. Maria looks at the floor. Toman can’t help but let out a little smirk.
8) 416) dialog: We're very sensitive to the Government’s concerns, Mr Chief Justice, the can of worms argument. But each country is different and poses different conditions. Unlike say Cuba, in Austria’s case there's a treaty so there’s no dispute as to what type of law could apply. We recommend opening the can but extracting our one little worm with a pair of tweezers. And then closing it shut again. And laughter from the audience.
8) 417) dialog: The defendants have continuously tried to frustrate our attempts, raising every possible objection and threatening an Armageddon in international relations. (MORE)
8) 418) text: But let’s put things into perspective here: this is a case about one woman wanting back what is rightfully hers. Mrs. Altmann came to America as a young woman in search of peace. Let’s give her justice too. Maria looks up at Randy and her eyes are beaming with pri INT. AN ANTEROOM, THE SUPREME COURT. DAY. In a room just outside the courtroom, Maria and Randy fin themselves in the middle of a media scrum. A REPORTER pla a mike under Maria.
8) 422) dialog: Why, thank you. Randy Schoenberg. He gives him his card.
8) 424) dialog: Okay.
8) 426) dialog: Well, thank you very much. That’s a cheerful way to end the day.
8) 429) dialog: Hi Nathan. And he is overwhelmed. EXT. THE SCHOENBERGS’ GARDEN. DAY. Superimposed caption: THREE MONTHS LATER. Maria, Pam and Randy are sitting on the lawn - Pam is hol Nathan in her arms while Dora runs laughing around Maria. Dora is looking older than when we last saw her, she’s a toddler.
8) 431) dialog: Are you calling me hyper-active?
8) 435) dialog: They said we should hear by noon. The phone rings. Randy runs indoors to answer it. Maria a Pam look at each other and smile at the speed with which run into the house. INT. THE SCHOENBERGS’ KITCHEN. DAY. He answers the phone. Through the window we can see Pam a Maria playing with the kids, though obviously on tenterho themselves.
8) 436) dialog: Hello? EXT. THE SCHOENBERGS’ GARDEN. DAY. 100 Randy comes out, walks up to where Maria and Pam are sitt He looks downcast, as if the news is bad.
8) 438) dialog: Bad news I’m afraid. You can’t give up yet. The fight goes on.
8) 440) dialog: The Supreme Court has ruled in our favour. We can take the Austrians to trial, Maria. Pam jumps up and hugs him.
8) 444) dialog: Just something I've been thinking over that kind of puts a damper on the celebrations. She looks at him, not understanding.
8) 445) dialog: Sure, we can take them to court. But they’1l find other ways to stretch it out. Could take a few more years. She might not live to see the outcome. (MORE)
8) 447) dialog: And we can’t afford it. Four more months and the bailiff’s at the door.
8) 449) dialog: There’s only one more thing we could try. And then, Pam too, well-versed in the case, gets it.
8) 452) dialog: Funny how things turn out in the end.
8) 457) dialog: Despite my protestations, my client is prepared to meet you half way.
8) 459) dialog: And then come to an agreement with us on the question of compensation.
8) 462) dialog: Arbitration in Vienna.
8) 464) dialog: We chose one of the arbitrators, you choose another. The third is neutral. Toman can hardly believe his ears and has trouble conceal his joy.
8) 468) dialog: I want to see you getting your paintings back Maria. I'd like you to get them before.. 103
8) 470) dialog: Well, frankly, yes.
8) 472) dialog: I honestly don’t think we have a choice.
8) 474) dialog: Maria. Listen to me. I can’t sit here arguing with you, okay? I’m doing what I think is best. You need to just be quiet for once, and trust me.
8) 477) dialog: Nice one, Maria. Thank you.
8) 479) dialog: The feeling is mutual but we don’t have the choice right now. She tries to close the door, he puts his foot in it and blocks it. INT. MARIA’S HALLWAY. DAY. Exasperated, Maria opens the door, walks into the hallway Randy follows her into the house. She turns on him. And w she speaks it is with a quiet steel in her voice. She’s m her mind up.
8) 481) dialog: What’s over? What are you saying?
8) 483) dialog: Are you insane?
8) 485) dialog: Are you kidding me? I have given everything I have! I am HALF A MILLION DOLLARS in debt and my wife and I are..my children, everything I fucking care about in this world....and you have the nerve..everything I’ve done I’ve done to get those goddamn paintings back for you...I wish you’d never asked me.. and you have the nerve to come to me and say that it’s all over! And he stops and Maria is standing there, looking at him, shaken by his rage. And, softening, he speaks quietly. 105
8) 486) dialog: We've come so far...just hang in there.
8) 489) dialog: Here’s hoping.
8) 491) dialog: Two tickets, please.
8) 495) dialog: I have, yes.
8) 497) dialog: Thank you sir. Randy stands in the centre of the room and it feels like whole of Austria is his audience. He clears his throat, t a deep breath but looks uncertain - almost as if he can’t it. He begins but his tone lacks confidence, it wavers.
8) 498) dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, I’m happy to be standing before you today for two reasons. Firstly, like my opponents in this case I always believed that this was a domestic matter for Austria that needed to be decided within her borders. Suddenly he’s interrupted: a door opens at the back of th room. His eyes are drawn to it. It’s Maria. She’s come af all. She walks up to the front of the room and sits. Rand comes to her, leans in, and they whisper to each other.
8) 499) dialog: I wasn't expecting to see you here. 107
8) 501) dialog: And the second reason I’m happy to be in Vienna today is because my client Mrs. Altmann and I are both Austrians. Some of the audience seem surprised but Maria knows what means.
8) 502) dialog: Oh, don’t get me wrong, we’re very much Americans too. But our families and the roots we share are situated in the culture of this very city. INT. CONCERT HALL, VIENNA. NIGHT. And we see a flashback to the night before and Randy observing the audience as they listen to his grandfather' music INT. KLIMT’S STUDIO. DAY. And now we see Adele being painted by Klimt once more, as puts the final touches to the great painting.
8) 503) dialog: And somewhere, in the heart of this world, stands the woman whose portrait both sides are fighting for. Adele Bloch-Bauer. INT. THE ARBITRATION ROOM. DAY. Randy in full flow now, the confident, experienced lawyer has become.
8) 504) dialog: During my visits to this country I have discerned that there are two Austrias: the one that opposes restitution to the victims of Nazism, and another that recognises the injustice committed against Austria’s Jewish population and seeks to rectify it. We watch Dr Toman, Elizabeth Gehrer and Rudolf Wran responding to what he is saying and then we land on Huber the two Austrias. 108
8) 505) dialog: As I hope I demonstrate in my written arguments, the law favours restitution. And now, during these next few scenes we watch a flashing montage of the journey of the painting and the way it end up in the Belvedere -- EXT. VIENNA. DAY. The Anchluss: The Viennese crowds greet the Nazis in celebration, women throwing flowers to welcome them.
8) 506) dialog: A string of events and misdeeds point to the incontestible fact that the paintings in question reached the Belvedere Gallery and remained there for over half a century in a manner that was both dishonest and illegal. And that Adele’s will itself was not legally binding. INT. LIVING ROOM ELIZABETHSTRASSE. DAY. The auction at Elizabethstrasse. EXT. ELIZABETHSTRASSE. DAY. The painting of Adele being loaded onto a truck. INT. THE BELVEDERE. DAY. And the painting coming to hang on the wall of the Belved under Grimshitz’s supervision. INT. THE ARBITRATION ROOM. DAY. And as Randy reaches the conclusion he slows his tempo a little to make sure these last few words really land.
8) 507) dialog: In its own way Ladies and Gentlemen this is a moment of history, a moment in which the past is asking something of the present. Many years ago, (in this very city,) just beyond these walls, terrible things happened. People dehumanised other people - they persecuted them, sent many to their deaths, and decimated whole families breaking them apart forever. And they stole from them - properties, livelihoods and the objects that were most precious to them. (MORE )
8) 509) dialog: Amongst those people were the Bloch- Bauers, the family of a very dear friend of mine. So now I am asking you - as Austrians - as human beings - to recognise that wrong. (Not just for Maria Altmann but for Austria.) I am asking you today to look at the past, as I have, and to restore what has been taken away. And his eyes meet Maria’s. And by articulating these last words, he understands that he too, in some profound way, been restored. And it is clear that his words have resona with his audience, especially on the faces of Toman and W EXT. THE PRATER PARK. DAY. Maria, Randy and Hubertus are walking in the shade of the Ferris Wheel. Randy is checking his phone.
8) 510) dialog: They said they should announce the verdict by four.
8) 516) dialog: It’s pretty damn good. Randy smiles guiltily at the memory of his initial scepti of Hubertus. Maria leans over and takes Hubertus’ hand.
8) 518) dialog: Decision time. INT. THE ARBITRATION ROOM. DAY. The room is packed to the rafters. A tense atmosphere - t moment everyone has been waiting for. Maria, Randy and Hubertus are squeezed in and nearby are Wran, Toman and Gehrer. There is also a large media contingent. The main arbitrator stands and there is a hushed silence.
8) 522) dialog: The press are waiting outside Maria. They want a statement. How do I look?
8) 524) dialog: Sexy and victorious! Suddenly, out of nowhere Toman approaches Maria.
8) 530) dialog: Have I said that we couldn’t have done it without you? INT. ROOM OFF THE ARBITRATION HALL. DAY. Maria has found and entered an empty room off the hall an closes the door behind her. There is a window and she wal towards it. She suddenly looks quite frail, takes a few d breaths. She is overwhelmed. And then, she remembers the time she saw her parents. The goodbye -- INT. GUSTAV AND THRESE’S BEDROOM. DAY. 1938 Maria moves into the room and joins Gustav and Therese by bed. She kneels down, takes their hands in hers and the t of them hold on to each other, knowing this may well be t last time they ever see each other. Therese is crying. Wh Gustav speaks it is with some effort, his breathing is laboured.
8) 541) dialog: Maria?
8) 543) dialog: Are you alright? He approaches her. Fighting a huge surge of emotion, she tries to express herself.
8) 546) dialog: So now..
8) 548) dialog: You can move house, Maria, buy anything you want.
8) 550) dialog: What about you?
8) 556) dialog: I didn’t do it on my own. And then, a few seconds later, Randy looks up. They are outside the Elizabethstrasse house. Maria is visibly move And on the spur of the moment, she makes a decision.
12) 0) text: Randy, Pam and their three children are walking in the pa one of them, JOEY, is a baby that Pam is holding. And Mar is there too. Pam is taking a photograph of them all. Superimposed caption: RANDY AND PAM HAD A THIRD CHILD, JO WITH THE MONEY EARNED FROM MARIA’S CASE RANDY SET UP HIS