1) 33) dialog: Any relation to the famous composer? Randy is a little put out by the question. One senses he this all the time. But he does his best to cover the instinctive response.
1) 35) dialog: His music demands a certain quality of application but the rewards validate the effort.
1) 38) dialog: And Judge Schoenberg is your father.
1) 40) dialog: Outstanding lineage Mr. Schoenberg.
1) 42) dialog: So what happened in Pasadena? Randy is flummoxed by the question. For a second he flounders, then opts for honesty.
1) 44) dialog: So now you’re ready to work with others. And all Randy can muster is a smile. But Sherman decides give him a chance. He closes the file.
1) 45) dialog: Let’s give it a go, Mr. Schoenberg. EXT. THE SCHOENBERGS’ GARDEN. DAY. In the slightly scruffy back garden of the house Randy sh with his wife PAM and baby daughter DORA in the San Ferna Valley, Pam and Randy are drinking champagne. Pam is hold the glasses in one hand, balancing Dora in the other. Ran puts on a mock patrician voice, sending the whole thing u little.
1) 155) dialog: I can’t have you in Austria chasing paintings, Randy.
1) 157) dialog: I know them well. Our daughter went to Vienna and all we got was the lousy fridge-magnets.
1) 159) dialog: Go on.
1) 161) dialog: You really think a painting that ends up as a fridge-magnet will ever leave Austria?
1) 163) dialog: One week max, I want you back on the 3rd.
8) 252) dialog: It’s a long shot. For starters there’s no precedent.
8) 254) dialog: The answer is no.
8) 256) dialog: Since when have we been paying you to have feelings? And the elevator door shuts in Randy’s face. INT. THE SCHOENBERGS’ KITCHEN. NIGHT. Randy and Pam are at the table, eating dinner. The atmosp is heavy, Randy isn’t fully present.
8) 262) dialog: It’s commonly known as an ultimatum, Randy. 81 Randy says nothing; waits for Sherman to elaborate.
8) 263) dialog: I humoured you. Let him go to Europe, I thought, let him flex his muscles. God knows, I suppose there was a small part of me that hoped you were onto something.
8) 265) dialog: You're not, Randy. There isn’t a case. There’s no enforcement mechanism between the U.S. and Austria. Unless you think the US Marshals will show up in Vienna with a warrant.
8) 267) dialog: No more goes. I need you here now. No more extra-curricular stuff. No more Klimts. And he goes back to his work. Randy just stands there. Bu there’s a reckless look on his face. EXT. FEDERAL BUILDING. DAY. Randy runs into the Los Angeles Federal Building, fuelled an urgent purpose. INT. FEDERAL BUILDING. DAY. Randy walks up to a Court House employee who is sitting behind the filing window.