3) 0) text: And it’s the night of her wedding to FRITZ - the whole of Viennese society in their finery. Fritz comes to the end the aria and there is applause as Gustav takes to the flo with Therese at his side.
3) 40) dialog: Now it is time for the mother to speak! And all I can do is wish these children a life of peace and love.
3) 41) dialog: Jetzt ist es an der Zeit, dass die Mutter ein paar Worte spricht! Alles, was ich tun kann, ist, diesen Kindern ein Leben in Frieden und Liebe zu wiinschen. And breaking the solemnity of the moment, Fritz brings a forkful of cake to Maria’s mouth.
5) 18) dialog: Shaut her! They all run over to where Therese is by the window, and out. There is a commotion on the street outside: a woman fur coat has been forced to her knees by a group of peopl and made to scrub the pavement. The liquid she is using i obviously caustic - she seems to be in terrible pain when comes into contact with her skin. It is the same moment t Maria saw in her nightmare on the plane on the way to Vie
5) 20) dialog: What are they doing? What are they doing to her?
5) 22) dialog: Why? Why are they doing these things?
5) 24) dialog: Was machen sie da? Was haben sie mit ihr vor? GUSTAV (CONT’D) Sie zwingen sie, den gehsteig mit Saure zu reinigen.
5) 25) dialog: Warum? Warum? Warum machen sie das nur? GUSTAV (CONT’D) Warum wohl, Therese? Therese begins to cry. Maria puts her arms around her, tr to comfort her. Gustav has moved away from the window. He sits down on the sofa, almost as if he is in a daze.
5) 32) dialog: Because it is.
5) 36) dialog: Er ist halt anders. GUSTAV (CONT’D) Ich werde nicht klein beigeben! Nein. Das werde ich nicht. Wir werden weiter machen. Ich werde nicht zulassen, dass sie uns ein Haar kriimmen. YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D) Oh Vater. GUSTAV (CONT’D) Das cello, Maria. INT. LIVING ROOM, ELIZABETHSTRASSE. DAY. And now they are all sitting around Gustav who is playing cello. And Therese continues to weep quietly. But there i extraordinary dignity to the family in this moment. EXT. A VIENNA STREET. DAY. Outside the Passport Office make shift tables have been s up to deal with a barrage of people requesting passports. Hundreds of people shouting, pushing, and a general sense panic. Two officials sit at the table and are being assai from every direction. Maria and Fritz are at the front an one of the officials is looking at their paper-work. Mari in crisis, seems to be finding a new strength.
8) 134) dialog: Come here, my darling. Come and sit with us for a while.
8) 135) dialog: The time has come, hasn’t it? And Maria has no answer.
8) 136) dialog: Komm her, meine Schatz. Komm und setz dich einen Moment zu uns.
8) 137) dialog: Es ist Zeit Abschied zu nehmen, stimmt’s? 62 INT. THE ENTRANCE HALLWAY, ELIZABETHSTRASSE. DAY. Maria is putting on her coat and gloves with determinatio oozing out of every pore - she is giving the performance her life. Fritz stands by Maria’s side but lets her do th talking. Heinrich is looking resistant.
8) 534) dialog: You have to live, Maria. You have to move forward into the future and this place has no future for you. YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D) Papa, Mutti, ich gehe jetzt. GUSTAV (CONT’D) Du tust das Richtige. YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D) Aber ich will nicht.
8) 535) dialog: Du musst leben, Maria. Du musst in die Zukunft schauen und dieser Ort hat fiir dich keine Zukunft mehr. Gustav clutches her hand and looks deep into her eyes. An when he next speaks, he speaks in English to her. His acc is strong but he speaks it beautifully.
9) 0) text: Through Maria’s eyes, the house magically transforms into what it used to be: a warm family home. Music fills the rooms, something rich, evocative and moving. As she moves around the house Maria is bedazzled by what sees. She wanders from room to room and comes across scen from a beautiful childhood and a resplendent Austrian pas First, in the dining room, she sees her mother Therese arranging flowers in a vase and being helped by Maria and Luise, as children. Then she walks across the hallway, to the living room, wh Gustav is playing the cello for his family: Maria and Lui now young women, and Therese. Enraptured, they cluster ar him, enjoying the music. And then she turns and in another part of the room, she s herself and Fritz dancing on their wedding night, twirlin through the admiring guests. She walks through the crowds the Adele room and pushes open the door. She enters and is amazed at what she sees. The room is buzzing with people - artists, writers, Vienna at its bes There is art on the wall, and books, and clusters of peop in animated discussion. She makes her way through the cro towards the end of the room : Adele sits directly beneath Klimt portrait, surrounded by Ferdinand and a group of friends as they argue passionately about politics, and ar and life. And next to her is the painter himself, Gustav Klimt. Maria approaches them. Ferdinand smiles at her lovingly. finally, Adele looks up at her and reaches out for her ha and takes it in hers. And when she speaks, it is in Germa