3) 5) dialog: So like my sister to upstage me even on my wedding day! YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D) Typisch meine Schwester! - Sogar auf meiner Hochzeit stiehlt sie mir die Schau. And her uncle Ferdinand finds them in the bustle.
3) 15) dialog: Me too uncle.
3) 21) dialog: Her favourite. YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D) Thre Lieblingskette. Ferdinand stands up and fastens it around her neck. Maria deeply moved by the gesture.
3) 27) dialog: Alright, alright. Maria walks up to her uncle and Luise grabs her by the hand.
3) 43) dialog: Alright. But I have some news for you. This is the last time you’re telling me what to do!
5) 0) text: Young Maria looks up at the Klimt painting of her aunt wh now hangs on the wall. Adele approaches her.
5) 19) dialog: It’s Mrs. Klein. The wife of the doctor.
5) 29) dialog: What for father? GUSTAV (CONT’D) Wie spat ist es?
5) 34) dialog: Oh father.
5) 37) dialog: My husband’s brother is in England and my uncle in Switzerland. We have places to stay in both countries. There’s only four of us but we need to leave Austria as soon as possible!
5) 42) dialog: My uncle is an honest man and a law-abiding citizen. Landau continues to move around attention to the art work.
8) 117) dialog: And then what?
8) 119) dialog: When is the flight to Cologne?
8) 124) dialog: I can’t leave my parents.
8) 128) dialog: A friend of my father’s owes him a favour.
8) 130) dialog: I have an idea. But first, I have to say goodbye to them.
8) 133) dialog: Mother..father. YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D) Mutter...Vater. They look up at her and smile weakly.
8) 138) dialog: You know as well as I do that they won’t let my father into the hospitals because he has committed the crime of being Jewish. So the least you can do is let us go and get him some medication from the pharmacy.
8) 140) dialog: Oh for God’s sake, if you’re that worried we’re going to run away why don’t you come with us? YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D) Ach. Um Himmels Willen, wenn Sie so besorgt sind, dass wir weglaufen, warum kommen Sie nicht mit? Heinrich resigns grudgingly, picks up his coat.
8) 142) dialog: That’s a shame. I was hoping we could all go to the cinema. HEINRICH (CONT’D) Ich bringe Sie hin, aber wir kommen sofort zurtick. YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D) Schade. Ich hatte gehofft wir gehen alle zusammen ins Kino . And she throws Fritz a look: this is it. EXT. PHARMACY, VIENNA STREET. DUSK. It is dusk as Maria, Fritz and Heinrich arrive at the pharmacy on a quiet side street. It is the same pharmacy Maria comes across as an older woman. As they approach, Heinrich takes out a pack of cigarettes.
8) 146) dialog: I’m feeling faint. I need some air. Please open the door.
8) 149) dialog: Please! Please let us out. We have done nothing wrong. Please help us!
8) 151) dialog: No. Please, quickly, open the door.
8) 153) dialog: 
8) 155) dialog: 
8) 164) dialog: It’s all very unexpected. We are going for one night. My husband is understudying Wotan at the Cologne Opera as their Baritone has fallen ill. Von Karajan is conducting, we’re very excited. YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D) Es ist alles sehr unerwartet. Wir bleiben nur fiir eine Nacht. Mein Mann springt fiir Wotan an der Oper in Kéln ein. Der Bariton ist krank. Von Karajan dirigiert, wir sind sehr gespannt. For a beat it looks as if he won’t buy it. But then it al sounds so far-fetched that he does; he hands back the pap
8) 166) dialog: Thank you. NAZI OFFICER (CONT’D) Viel Gliick. YOUNG MARIA (CONT’D) Dankeschoén. And he moves on. And then there is an announcement made f the departure of the Cologne flight. And the passengers s to cross the tarmac in order to board the plane. EXT. THE AERODROME FIELD. DUSK. It’s getting dark now and the passengers form a queue on tarmac in preparation to board the plane. A stewardess st at the bottom of the aircraft stairs. Suddenly, one of th pilots emerges from the plane and comes down the steps. H whispers something to the stewardess and she then turns t the passengers.
8) 392) dialog: Can you please show me the way to the wash-room, sir?
8) 394) dialog: You can talk! You sound like a silly Frankfurter!
8) 397) dialog: I am! Maria jumps off the bed and runs up to the man, who hands the telegram, then walks out a it, reads it. And we know that has suddenly shaken her to the the bunk, almost falling on to puts his hand on hers.
8) 399) dialog: It’s from my sister. She's waiting for us in California. But she’s had news from Vienna.
8) 531) dialog: Papa, Mutti, I’m leaving now.
8) 533) dialog: But I don’t want to.
8) 537) dialog: Yes, papa.
8) 539) dialog: What is it Papa?