14) 0) text: CLOSE on Tom's AUNT POLLY, a handsome woman in her forties. She is seated at the breakfast table. WIDEN to include Sid and Tom's pretty sixteen-year-old COUSIN MARY All three are poker-faced, silently eating breakfast. Tom enters in clean clothes. Determined to play the innocent until accused, Tom seats himself and tucks a napkin into his shirt.
14) 2) dialog: You can start with this... a ray Polly places a jar in front of Tom It contains the Spider.
14) 4) dialog: Tom, I've a mind to skin you alive. Sneaking out ‘til all hours, worrying a body to death... Mary frowns, sorry for Tom. Sid couldn't be happier. He smirks and heaps his plate with eggs and grits, then wolf them down.
15) 0) text: Aunt Polly, still holding Tom by the collar, leads out on the back porch...
15) 1) dialog: Hand me that switch... Tom gets the switch from behind the door...
15) 4) dialog: (melting) Tom... Tom, what am I gonna do with you?
15) 5) text: (feigning innocence} You mean before, or after my whippin', Aunt Polly?
15) 6) dialog: (sadly) I swore to your momma, my own Sister, on her death bed that I'd raise you proper.
15) 8) dialog: (shakes her head) No, I know I'm not doing my @uty by you -- but I haven't got the heart to hit you.
15) 10) dialog: (in defeat) No, no, every time I hit you my old heart almost breaks. And every time I let you off my conscience hurts me just as bad...
15) 12) dialog: I suppose I'll just be obliged to make you work tomorrow.
15) 14) dialog: Well, I've got to do something...
15) 16) dialog: (turning away) I've got to do some of my duty by you... 13 Aunt Polly goes into the house. Tom hesitates a moment, then grabs up the switch and chases after her...
15) 28) dialog: No excuses! And returns to the house. Tom frowns. He laconically picks up the brush and is about to dip it in the whitewash when he hears one of the younger neighborhood boys, little BILLY NEWTON coming up the lane, whooping and clanging and pretending to be a steamboat. ee eee _ . A wicked smile spreads across Tom's face. He dips his brush in the whitewash bucket and begins painting the fence with great gusto. He whistles a happy tune. Billy Newton, completely baffled by Tom's behavior, cuts off hi steamboat imitation and comes over to watch.
23) 0) text: Tom's eyes pop open. He sees a blurry figure shaking him. . “AUNT POLLY Wake up, Tom! Wake up! It's Aunt Polly. Sid is standing beside her.
23) 4) dialog: Sid, get me the thread. Sid's hand comes up -- the thread already in it. Polly takes it. Sid grabs Tom from behind and holds his arms. Polly shoves her hand into Tom's mouth and ties the threa around a back tooth.
38) 9) dialog: Tom spent half his school days swimming in this-river-. He -was : —— a good swimmer. -
46) 0) text: From a HIGH ANGLE POV we can see people slowly filtering in to the sanctuary. Most are sniffling and sobbing. All this is accompanied by bad ORGAN MUSIC. The POV belongs to the "deceased" himself, Tom Sawyer. Hiding up in the attic with Huck, Tom peers through one o a hundred or so cracks in the church ceiling. Tom is beside himself with glee when he sees Aunt Polly, Sid and Mary coming up the aisle, looking distraught. Tom hears VOICES outside. He makes his way to the wall and looks through a crack. He sees a bunch of KIDS standing outside the church.
52) 0) text: Tom lies in bed, staring out the window at the stars. Sid's bed is empty. The door opens, letting in a shaft of light from the hall. Tom looks up as Aunt Polly enters, a look of concern on her face.
52) 1) dialog: Why, Tom, it's not bedtime for another hour. Are you feeling all right? 77 Polly sits down on the edge of the bed, puts her hand on Tom's forehead. -.-
52) 2) dialog: {continuing) You don't have a fever. What's ailing you? Tom looks at her, emotions whirling across his face.
52) 5) dialog: Not good.
52) 7) dialog: Not good at all. -—— TOM But if you don't tell, somethin' worse might happen -- to somebody who don't deserve it. Polly looks at the boy. She sees the trouble he's in.
52) 8) dialog: Tom, for as long as I can remember, you've been nothing but trouble to me. Most of the time you're selfish and irresponsible. (fondly) But deep down, you're a good boy. You've got a good heart. And I believe you'll know the right thing to do and you'll do it. 768 Polly ruffles Tom's hair, gets up. She crosses the room, smiles at him from the door.
52) 9) dialog: (continuing) dust follow your heart. Polly exits and closes the door. Tom considers her wise words and gulps:
55) 0) text: TICK -- TICK -- TICK -- the only sound we hear is the ticking of the grandfather clock in Aunt Polly's sitting room... Aunt Polly is busy with her knitting. Tom sits in a straight chair reading a book about King Arthur's Knights ~~ but he can barely concentrate. Every CREAK, every BUMP triggers his worst fears. His eyes dart from window to window -- this is a boy who is terrified... Sid sits nearby doing his multiplication tables. He's clearly enjoying Tom being spooked.
55) 1) dialog: {without looking up) You boys lookin' forward to the Harvest Celebration tomorrow?
55) 3) dialog: How ‘bout you, Tom? Tom shakes his head, sullenly.
55) 4) dialog: (continuing) But you've been talking about it for months.
55) 8) dialog: Tom, you shouldn't have to worry. The whole town'll be there ~- safety in numbers, you know. “~~ sip . - {suddenly sitting up) .» Did you hear that?
55) 13) dialog: Well go see! Sid gets up and leaves the room. HOLD on Tom as he hears the door open and close...
65) 2) text: Aunt Polly meets Judge Thatcher in front of the bonfire
65) 3) dialog: Hello, Judge.
65) 5) dialog: I was wondering if you've seen Tom.
65) 11) dialog: Injun Joe! He's come back to get his revenge.on Tom!
75) 0) text: The search party emerges. Aunt Polly and others rush forward to get the news. Judge Thatcher, stoic, goes to Polly, takes her by the arms.
75) 2) dialog: Oh, no,
75) 4) dialog: If I lose him again, I don't know what I'll do. ~~ “INT. "ENORMOUS CAVERN Tom and Becky arrive in the most spectacular chamber of all. It is a large cliff, overhanging a bottomless abyss. As they enter, a cloud of bats suddenly flap to life and dive-bomb them. Becky screams. Tom pulls her close and they duck as the bats flutter past and disappear. Then, all is quiet. Tom straightens up and then he sees it in the lantern light -- on the wall nearby has been carved a big Roman Numeral "II."
76) 0) text: Nearly the entire town has converged around the hole to the cave... Even Muff Potter is there. Now, Tom and Huck emerge from the hole lugging their gold in sacks. As the boys appear a loud ROAR erupts from the crowd... There is much back slapping and embracing: Tom and Huck; Tom and Aunt Polly; Tom and Becky... Now, the Widow Douglas confronts Huck...