16) 0) text: A horse and carriage travel down a tree-lined lane on the outskirts of Hannibal. The buggy's driver is a prosperous iooking gentleman in his forties, HENRY THATCHER. On the seat beside himis his-beautiful-tweive-year old daughter; BECKY.
16) 2) dialog: IT hope so. What are the children like? Before he can reply, Thatcher is forced to rein in the horses and stop. A small tree lies across the road, blocking transit.
16) 16) text: Thatcher and Becky share a good lauch.
16) 17) dialog: Those are the silliest boys I've ever seen.
17) 46) text: DOBBINS ~~ aa Once again, Thomas Sawyer, you have outsmarted yourself. Dobbins points to the girls' section. Like a condemned prisoner, Tom trudges down the aisle and drops into the seat next to Becky. As Dobbins starts the lesson, Tom smiles mischievously at Becky. She pretends she isn't impressed and ignores him. Tom takes an apple out of his pocket, carefully shines it on his sleeve, then gently places it in front of Becky as an offering. Becky picks up the apple. She turns to Tom and smiles sweetly. Then, with an expert flick of the wrist, Becky tosses the apple out the window. Tom doesn't care. Even her rejection is a clear reaction. curT TO:
17) 48) dialog: As she strolls along, aware that Tom is tailing her. Becky decides to have some fun. She turns a corner, ducks down an alley and takes off running. 25
18) 0) text: Becky walks along slowly, shooting looks over her shoulde for Tom, disappointed that she actually lost him. Becky approaches the creek where a picturesque footbridge spans a babbling brook. The perfect setting for a romantic encounter. To her surprise, Tom is there, nonchalantly balancing himself on the hand rail, imitatin a tightrope walker. He pretends not to notice Becky coming along the trail, starting across the bridge. Timing it for her arrival, Tom balances himself on one foot. He turns to see if she's looking. Becky, walking past, staring straight ahead, merely reaches out with her hand and gives Tom a shove. Tom loses his balance -and falls over. —Becky continues o her way. —It is only when she hears the big SPLASH that she breaks into a smile.
25) 2) text: {perks up) Becky.
25) 3) dialog: I'm sorry I pushed you in the creek yesterday. {the ultimate apology) You can push me in if you want to. Tom breaks into a devilish grin.
25) 5) dialog: You wouldn't dare!
25) 7) dialog: Thank you.
25) 10) dialog: And then what?
25) 12) dialog: Really?
25) 15) dialog: You first. psteels his courage, then:
25) 17) dialog: Turn your face away. {as Tom complies) But you can't tell anybody ever.
25) 19) dialog: (whispers) You're my sweetheart... Tem grins.
25) 21) dialog: What is it?
25) 23) dialog: Oh, Tom, it's... it's beautiful!
25) 27) text: I hate you! JI hate you! I hope you die! Becky runs off. Tom just stands there, hurt and confused. Then his pride takes over. He picks up the doorknob and marches off. ——
26) 5) text: Half the village has swarmed into the graveyard. The place is buzzing with excitement. Tom pushes his way through the crowd. He sees Becky's father, Judge Thatcher, conferring with the MAYOR. Doc Robinson's bot. is covered with a sheet. It lies near the dug-up grave.
46) 4) dialog: I wish I could see him just one more time. (sniffling) I'd call him my sweetheart and kiss him, right in front of everybody. This is too much. Tom is in total ecstasy.
53) 0) text: Packed to the rafters. Familiar faces include Polly, Mary, Sid, Becky, Schoolmaster Dobbins, Emmett, the Sheriff, the Widow Douglas, and Injun Joe. Tom sneaks into the back of the room and looks around. Muff Potter, haggard and hopeless, sits in chains next to his DEFENSE LAWYER. Injun Joe sits with the other witnesses. Judge Thatcher presides from behind his bench. The PROSECUTOR, a man with an irritating theatrical flair displays Muffts knife as he questions the Welshman.
57) 2) dialog: "I sew hemp seed and he who is j to be my husband, -let him come and harrow it." The girls toss seeds over their shoulders, giggling and enjoying their silliness.
57) 6) dialog: Oh, no! 7 Embarrassed, Becky turn sand flees. Tom runs after her. He catches her but she won't look him in the eye.
57) 10) dialog: (miffed) Well, you needn't look so disappointed. I don't like it any better than you do. And with that, Becky runs off to join the other girls. Tom stands there, looking bewildered. Joe Harper joins him.
59) 0) text: The adults Carry torches and are busy exploring the beautiful ancient Indian hieroglyphics on the cave walls The children carry candles and are busy running and chasing each other in the forechambers, their LAUGHTER booming and ECHOING all over. Judge Thatcher calls to Becky who is playing tag with her girlfriends.
59) 4) dialog: I'll go where I please. Becky looks off to a dark, foreboding tunnel. She calls out to Suzy Harper.
59) 5) dialog: (continuing) Come on, Suzy! Let's go down that tunnel. Suzy gives the tunnel a quick glance.
59) 7) dialog: Maybe I'll go down it myself. 10 tw Becky looks at Tom. He smirks.
61) 0) text: Tom and Becky step into an enormous cavern with a small creek running through it. The banks of the creek are encrusted with a frostwork of glittering crystals. Becky is awestruck.
61) 1) dialog: It's beautiful. 1 wo ue Tom shrugs, pretending to be aloof and unimpressed.
61) 3) dialog: Well, I'll find a cavern you haven't been to and I'll name it myself. ~ Becky crosses the cavern, headed for another tunnel.
63) 0) text: Becky enters another huge cavern. It is filled with stalactites and stalagmites that shine from the light of Becky's lantern. ~ “BECKY | This one's even more beautiful.
66) 0) text: Tom and Becky both holler. Their VOICES ECHO and bounce off the walls. They yell louder, having a great time. Suddenly, a loud RUMBLING ricochets around the cavern. Tom stops yelling, a look of concern on his face. Becky yells again. Tom grabs her.
66) 2) dialog: You don't tell me what to do. (shouting) Hellooooo!
69) 0) text: Amid the settled rubble, Tom and Becky see that the way out is sealed off.
69) 1) dialog: Oh, Tom, we're trapped.
69) 3) dialog: How? Tom holds up his candle. A breeze blows. The candle flickers.
71) 0) text: Tom and Becky run down a spooky passage, yelling:
71) 1) dialog: Help! Help! Can anybody hear us? They round a corner -- and run right over a skeleton. CRUNCHING its bones. Becky screams. Tom guides his candle to illuminate the skeleton. The skeleton is holding-a ‘rusty cutlass and there's an eyepatch still in place over the skull. Tom can't contain his delight.
73) 0) text: Tom is carrying Murrell's rusty cutlass as he and Becky come into the next chamber where a waterfall cascades dow from the ceiling and into a black hole.
73) 2) text: Becky shakes her head "no." She points to the lantern in Tom's hand. The candle inside is almost a stub.
73) 3) dialog: This is all the light we've got. When this goes out... it'll go dark forever.
74) 0) text: Tom and Becky run as if chased by the Devil himself. Up ahead is a junction. Tom chooses a direction and they disappear into the darkness. Seconds later, Injun Joe arrives. He stops, cocks his head to one side, trying to hear their FOOTSTEPS. But the ECHOES are confusing here.
75) 7) dialog: What are you talking about? Tom notices a jagged incline that leads upward toward a small hole in the cave ceiling. Through the hole, we see blue sky. They've found the way out.
75) 10) dialog: (calling back)
75) 13) dialog: Tom...
76) 0) text: Nearly the entire town has converged around the hole to the cave... Even Muff Potter is there. Now, Tom and Huck emerge from the hole lugging their gold in sacks. As the boys appear a loud ROAR erupts from the crowd... There is much back slapping and embracing: Tom and Huck; Tom and Aunt Polly; Tom and Becky... Now, the Widow Douglas confronts Huck...
77) 5) dialog: Don't forget,.Tom. You - - promised to take me to Suzy's birthday party! Three o'clock sharp! Tom smiles and waves back obediently, now the henpecked boyfriend.