7) 0) text: Tom runs for all he's worth, heart soaring with boyish excitement. Right on cue, JOE HARPER hops over a fence and joins him. A moment later, BEN ROGERS comes through a gate and the three boys race through the night.
8) 0) text: The shadows of Tom, Joe and Ben flash across the dark storefronts, The boys zoom around a corner and put on the brakes so they don't collide with MUFF POTTER, the town drunk who is ambling along. Muff is a friendly good- hearted fellow, a buddy to all the boys in Hannibal.
9) 0) text: Tom, Joe and Ben clamber down a steep wooded bank, thrashing their way through thick bushes and trees, slipping and sliding, overcome with excitement. Shortly, they reach their own secret harbor where a log raft is anchored in the moonlight. Tom, Joe and Ben board the raft and scramble about making her "seaworthy." Within seconds the anchor is raised and all lines are cast off. Wind takes hold of the bed-sheet sail and suddenly the raft is in motion. The strong current carries it downstream. Joe mans the rudder.
9) 4) dialog: No, Tom. It's just... well, ain't you gonna miss your family?
9) 6) dialog: No, Tom. We made a pact.
9) 16) dialog: They gape in disbelief.
9) 17) dialog: What was that? ire)
9) 20) dialog: They make their way to shore and hurry downriver.
9) 26) dialog: If it hadn't been for that... (shares a look with Joe) ... whatever it was... you'd have been a goner. A chill wind comes up, RUSTLING the tree tops, bringing the surrounding forest to life. It sounds like someone -- or some thing -- is coming. The boys leok at each other.
9) 28) dialog: (vigorous nods) Town! 10 The boys scramble to their feet and run like hell. As they disappear up the shore, we hear TWIGS SNAFPING. FOOTSTEPS approach. A tattered shoulder moves INTO FRAME and the back of a boy’s head. His hair is long and wild. It hangs to his shoulders.
15) 47) dialog: (contrite) Lookit, Tom, we're awful sorry about last night not workin’ out.
17) 0) text: Tom, Joe and Ben run off in three different directions. We STAY with Tom who dodges trees, leaps over logs, stumbles and falls down. He goes to pick himself up wher. he is surprised to.see two filthy bare feet in front of him. Slowly, Tom looks up. fee : -—e
44) 0) text: Tom and Huck have taken over the excavation. Huck's pick strikes something metal. The two boys look at each other in excitement. 62 Then, they bend down and, struggling together, lift out a heavy metal box. They set it on the floor. Huck smashes the lock with his pick and Tom jerks the chest open. Their eyes widen. The chest is filled with gold and silver coins. A fortune.
53) 0) text: Packed to the rafters. Familiar faces include Polly, Mary, Sid, Becky, Schoolmaster Dobbins, Emmett, the Sheriff, the Widow Douglas, and Injun Joe. Tom sneaks into the back of the room and looks around. Muff Potter, haggard and hopeless, sits in chains next to his DEFENSE LAWYER. Injun Joe sits with the other witnesses. Judge Thatcher presides from behind his bench. The PROSECUTOR, a man with an irritating theatrical flair displays Muffts knife as he questions the Welshman.