3) 0) text: Flickering candlelight illuminates a gruesome scene. The corpse of an elderly man is laid out on a slab. The man is dressed in a dark suit. His face is rouged and powdered, his eyes are closed and his hands have been folded across a Bible resting on his chest. Hovering over him, vuiture-like, is DOC ROBINSON, Hannibal's only undertaker, a man as gaunt and cadaverous as any body he has ever embalmed. At the moment, Doc is trying to create the proper look of contentment on the corpse's face, using his fingers to prod the pliable face muscles into a heavenly smile. But he can't get it right.
3) 1) dialog: {under his breath; grumbling) Smile, damn you. That's when the door swings open, letting in a gust of wind. Some of the candles flicker and blow out, giving the room a darker, more macabre ambiance -- appropriate lighting for the entrance of INJUN JOE. 2 Dee Robinson turns and glares at the intruder -- a tall half-breed with long black hair, penetrating eyes and sharp, Satanic features. He is the dark figure we saw moments ago, Hannibal's scourge, Injun Joe.
3) 2) dialog: (continuing) Shut the door... Injun Joe's eyes narrow to mean slits. He doesn't like being ordered about. ‘But he closes the door and comes into the room.
3) 4) dialog: I have a job for you.
3) 6) dialog: It's heavy work, we'll need another man... Injun Joe peers through Doc -- knows he's up to no good..
3) 8) dialog: Tomorrow night... “INJON JOE Where?
3) 9) dialog: The graveyard. Injun Joe raises and eyebrow...
3) 10) dialog: (continuing) Unless you're afraid. {turns back to his work) The job pays two dollars. Take it or leave it... Injun Joe casually pulls a silver knife from inside his coat...
3) 14) text: Injun Joe very delicately wipes the blade of his kn en Doc Robinson's chest, where his heart should be.
20) 21) dialog: No. Haul it out. Hurry. - Injun Joe and Muff lift a rotted wooden coffin out of the grave and set it on the ground.
20) 22) dialog: (continuing) Pry it open and tip it over. injun Joe jams his shovel into a groove and Pops the lid Open, then tips the coffin and rudely dumps the remains o @ skeleton on the ground. ‘The bones CLATTER. Tom and Huck shiver. - Following the skeleton, a small wooden box falls out of the coffin. Lightning flashes, illuminating a word engraved on the box: "MURRELL." Injun Joe turns to Doc Robinson in surprise. Mutt realizes something, becomes very animated. u ul
20) 25) dialog: ~Put the coffin back and cover -your tracks. “ qe Robinson starts to walk off. But Injun Joe steps into gis path.
20) 27) dialog: Get out of my way.
20) 34) dialog: It's mine! Injun Joe fends Dec Robinson off. Muff tries to get between them.
26) 5) text: Half the village has swarmed into the graveyard. The place is buzzing with excitement. Tom pushes his way through the crowd. He sees Becky's father, Judge Thatcher, conferring with the MAYOR. Doc Robinson's bot. is covered with a sheet. It lies near the dug-up grave.