17) 51) dialog: Can't do it, Joe. I gota tavern to run. If I was to go with you tonight, they'd steal me blind.
17) 53) dialog: No, Joe. I ain't scared.
17) 55) dialog: Sorry, Joe. - Emmett enters the tavern, passing Muff Potter as he comes out, galumphing along in his amiable manner. Drunk or sober, he's always the same.
26) 23) dialog: Everybody who thinks there's a "treasure map,” raise yer hands! The crowd is silent.
26) 24) dialog: {continuing) Now. Those who think it's a lie spewed out by Muff Potter to save his guilty hide? The crowd SCREAMS "Aye!" and raise their hands. _SHOUTS o "Tar him! Lynch him!._String him up!" .Muff looks arourd with a pathetic hopelessness in his eyes. Someone comes forward with a rope. That's when a loud GUNSHOT causes everyone to freeze. Heads swivel in the direction of Judge Thatcher who lowers his smoking gun.
29) 0) text: Filled with trappers, traders and rivermen. They drink, piay cards, argue and listen to MUSIC coming from a cheap rinky dink piano. In a corner at a table are Emmett the tavern keeper and Injun Joe.
30) 1) text: They are right above Injun Joe and Emmett. Emmett is studying the treasure map and drinking a huge pitcher of beer. He slides the map over to Injun Joe who pockets it. Emmett speaks a few words. Joe nods. Then, deep in thought, Joe lifts up the cat's-eye marble and rolis it between his fingers. EXT. ALLEY : — . Tom's heart stops.
31) 0) text: Injun Joe and Emmett react to the commotion outside. They get up to investigate. Emmett brings his pitcher of beer.
32) 0) text: The tavern's back door opens, letting out a shaft of ligh anc the TINKLE of a piano. Emmett and Injun Joe step out and look around. Nothing seems amiss. The rain barrel is back where it was before, under the drainpipe.
32) 1) dialog: Probably a drunk.
32) 3) dialog: No. The only stumblin' he'll be doin’ is at the end of a rope -
32) 5) dialog: Right, Joe. Tomorrow. Yan Joe stalks off into the night. Emmett takes another wg from his pitcher of beer. But it's gone warm. gyett pours the rest into the rain barrel and goes back goede the tavern, shutting the door. ge and Huck rise from the rain barrel, their heads soaked gt beer. oo . - CuT To: af. TOWN DOCK ~ NIGHT ayd@ozen fishing boats are tied up as well as barges, raf ey paddleboats. In the moonlight, we see Injun Joe slide gerp his canoe and push away from shore. We PAN him past tm and Huck who hide on shore behind thick bushes. They geld their breath as Injun Joe glides past.
42) 3) dialog: {uneasy) They say this place is haunted.
42) 7) text: Emmett goes to the fireplace, swings his pick and brings it down with force. SMASH! Injun Joe puts the map down on a dusty table and goes ove to help Emmett. “Tom and Huck exchange excited grins. The map is almost directly below them. Huck digs into his pocket and pulls out a fishing line with a hook attached. Tom nods eagerly. i - ~_ — As Injun Joe and Emmett dig up the floor, the hook slowly descends from above. ~~
42) 8) dialog: You sure about the fireplace?
42) 12) dialog: (with excitement) Think I hit somethin’. Emmett turns around to get Injun Joe's reaction -- and Sees the hat floating a foot above his head.
42) 13) dialog: {continuing; in terror) Jesus Christ!~~- - —— Emmett screams like a woman. He drops his tools, scrambles past Joe and races out the door.
43) 0) text: Injun Joe and Emmett run down the road to where their horse and wagon are parked. Soaked to the skin, greatly out of breath, they turn around and regard the haunted house. As Joe's heart rate returns to normal, so does his greed.
43) 2) dialog: With you -- I guess.
44) 4) dialog: How'd you dig it up so fast?
44) 6) dialog: (chilled) Then who did? They look around, spooked. But Injun Joe's determined to have the treasure, no matter what the cost.
44) 8) dialog: Hello, Texas, and the good life! Injun Joe slams the chest shut.
44) 11) dialog: Where we gonna keep it in the meantime? ~ oe “INGUN ‘JOE - At Number Two, under the cross. Load it on the wagon. Emmett lifts the heavy chest and staggers toward the door with it. Injun Joe picks up the lantern, then reaches into his pocket and takes out the treasure map.
53) 0) text: Packed to the rafters. Familiar faces include Polly, Mary, Sid, Becky, Schoolmaster Dobbins, Emmett, the Sheriff, the Widow Douglas, and Injun Joe. Tom sneaks into the back of the room and looks around. Muff Potter, haggard and hopeless, sits in chains next to his DEFENSE LAWYER. Injun Joe sits with the other witnesses. Judge Thatcher presides from behind his bench. The PROSECUTOR, a man with an irritating theatrical flair displays Muffts knife as he questions the Welshman.
58) 0) text: The place is empty. Everyone's at the celebration. All but Emmett. He's loading a shovel and a pick into a burlap sack when he hears the door CREAK open. A shadow falls over Emmett and the bar.
58) 1) text: —{as he turns) Can't you read the sign? It says we're clo... Emmett cuts off in mid-word. The man standing in the doorway wears a long coat and a low slouch hat which conceals his face. He steps into the light. It's Injun Joe.
58) 4) dialog: (nervous; popping eweat) No, Joe. I was just gettin’ the tools ready for when you came back. Boy, am I glad to see you. Injun Joe remains ice cold.
58) 6) dialog: Joe, I wouldn't cheat you. Emmett's eyes lower to the gun he keeps under the bar. He moves closer to it.