3) 3) dialog: (ill-tempered) What do you want?
3) 5) dialog: What kind of job?
3) 7) dialog: When do you want it done?
3) 12) dialog: I'll take it. (a beat) But the job pays three dollars
3) 14) text: Injun Joe very delicately wipes the blade of his kn en Doc Robinson's chest, where his heart should be.
3) 15) dialog: (continuing) Unless you think I deserve more. pdoc ROBINSON (terrified) No, no. Three dollars sounds fair. Injun Joe winks at Doc Robinson, then turns and strides out the door, letting it slam behind him. The resulting wind blows out the remaining candles. Doc Robinson is left trembling in the darkness. Cur TO:
17) 52) dialog: You're just scared to go into the cemetery at night. Emmett's face is revealed. But he tries to brush it off.
17) 54) dialog: Forget it -- I'll find somebody who won't wet his drawers every time an owl hoots.
17) 56) dialog: (pleased) Muff Potter... t t ‘ a 26 Injun Joe takes a step forward and that's when he collide with Tom, flying blindly down the alley in search cf Becky. In a lightning quick move, Joe whips out his knife and throws Tom against the wall, shoving the knife under his jaw. Tom's eyes bug out. Mulz comes to Tom's rescue.
17) 61) dialog: {eyeing Muff) How'd you like to make some Grinkin' money? Muff licks his lips and grins.
17) 63) dialog: Dig.
20) 18) dialog: You want your money, Muff? Shut up and dig. —— —, cur To:
20) 26) dialog: Not so fast.
20) 28) dialog: Give me the box. gor Robinson tries to push past Injun Joe but Joe seizes the box. Doc Robinson refuses to let go and the two men pegin to struggle. Muff tries to intercede.
20) 31) dialog: What the hell? uw a Injun Joe picks up the paper and grabs the lantern to loo at it more closely. His evil face lights up.
20) 32) dialog: (continuing) It's a map to the treasure. Tom and Huck look at each other in amazement .
22) 0) text: Tom is asleep. Suddenly, the window EXPLODES into a thousand fragments as Injun Joe lands in the center of th room, looking more satanic than ever. Tom jerks awake as Joe pulls out his silver knife.
22) 2) dialog: (continuing) You won't never wake up! Never wake up! 37 Injun Joe lifts his knife and is about to bring it down. Tom screams.
24) 0) text: Three little kids are carrying their schoolbooks and walking down the boardwalk. Suddenly, Injun Joe steps in front of them. The kids freeze in terror. Injun Joe slowly raises his hand. Between thumb and forefinger is the black cat's-eye marble.
26) 17) dialog: I was passing by here last night and I saw Muff and Doc Robinson digging up that there grave. And then, in a drunken rage, I seen Muff Potter stab _ the Doc. ‘Tom can't believe what he's hearing. The crowd SCREAMS and YELLS in outrage. Muff pleads for his life.
26) 19) dialog: Murrell's Treasure! Do you hear that, everybody? More drunk talk from Muff Potter!
27) 0) text: Tom and Sid sleep. Sid snores peacefully. But Tom is tossing. Suddenly, a dirty hand clamps over his mouth. Tom's eyes pop open. He struggles, thinking it's Injun Joe, then sees that the hand belongs to Huck Finn.
29) 0) text: Filled with trappers, traders and rivermen. They drink, piay cards, argue and listen to MUSIC coming from a cheap rinky dink piano. In a corner at a table are Emmett the tavern keeper and Injun Joe.
30) 1) text: They are right above Injun Joe and Emmett. Emmett is studying the treasure map and drinking a huge pitcher of beer. He slides the map over to Injun Joe who pockets it. Emmett speaks a few words. Joe nods. Then, deep in thought, Joe lifts up the cat's-eye marble and rolis it between his fingers. EXT. ALLEY : — . Tom's heart stops.
31) 0) text: Injun Joe and Emmett react to the commotion outside. They get up to investigate. Emmett brings his pitcher of beer.
32) 0) text: The tavern's back door opens, letting out a shaft of ligh anc the TINKLE of a piano. Emmett and Injun Joe step out and look around. Nothing seems amiss. The rain barrel is back where it was before, under the drainpipe.
32) 2) dialog: {a dark smile) Well, it wasn't Muff Potter. Emmett gets a hearty laugh out of this.
32) 4) text: Well, I gotta be goin'. ~I'll see ya tomorrow... partner. wre is a hint of threat in the way Joe says "partner," gett, who is a huge man, looks uneasy. There's gething about Injun Joe that just creeps people out.
33) 0) text: gom and Huck sail downstream on Muff Potter's raft. Tom mans the rudder while Huck stands forward, keeping Injun goe's canoe in sight.
37) 0) text: In a clearing, we FIND Injun Joe asleep beside his whiske still. An empty bottle lies on the ground beside him and Joe is snoring up a storm. In the woods beyond, we detect movement.
37) 1) text: Huck peers around the side of a tree, still in his camouflage disguise. Tom sticks his head out from the other side. Now he, too, is wearing mid and leaves and looking like a wild savage. If it wasn't for the whites of their eyes, you'd think they were part of the forest. HUCK ~ oe (observing Injun Joe) He's drunk asleep. Shouldn't be too hard to get that map.
37) 5) text: —_— 55 Tom reaches over to get the map. His fingers close around the edge and he slowly draws it out of Joe's pocket. Further. Further. He's almost got it. And that's when a cannon fires nearby. BOOM! Tom leaps back (without the map) and slams into Injun Joe's still. It tips over and CRASHES to the ground. Whiskey spills and spurts. Equipment CLATTERS and CLANKS Huck comes out of nowhere. He-grabs Tom and snatches him into the surrounding foliage. The boys freeze, trying to blend in. Injun Joe leaps to his feet. He looks around at his destroyed still and stomps around angrily. He doesn't notice the four eyeballs watching him from the foliage. Injun Joe draws his kiiifel The eyes in the foliage widen
37) 6) dialog: Goddamn wild boars! Injun Joe throws his knife. It spins end over end and Slams directly into the center of a bull's-eye painted on a distant tree. One hell of a throw. Tom and Huck. Their eyes are bugging out now. They look at each other in fear. BOOM! The cannon roars again. injun Joe turns in the direction of the cannon fire. He picks up his rifle, retrieves his knife and stalks off to investigate. wn oe OVER to Tom and Huck. They look at each other. And take off. CuT TO:
39) 0) text: Tom and Huck are each on a log, paddling furiously toward the bank where Injun Joe's canoe is beached. ‘The boys ar back in their clothes again.
42) 2) dialog: What was that?
42) 5) dialog: By rats maybe. Let's get to work. Injun Joe pulls out the treasure map and unfolds it.
42) 6) dialog: {continuing} Accordin' to Murrell's map, it should be right next to the fireplace... a
42) 7) text: Emmett goes to the fireplace, swings his pick and brings it down with force. SMASH! Injun Joe puts the map down on a dusty table and goes ove to help Emmett. “Tom and Huck exchange excited grins. The map is almost directly below them. Huck digs into his pocket and pulls out a fishing line with a hook attached. Tom nods eagerly. i - ~_ — As Injun Joe and Emmett dig up the floor, the hook slowly descends from above. ~~
42) 9) dialog: 1 Ain't that what I said? | And just to prove it, Injun Joe stalks over to the tabl 1 He snatches up the map and walks back to the fireplace. He doesn't feel the hook snag his hat.and lift it off his ! head!
42) 10) dialog: (continuing) See? Right here! Fireplace! Behind him, Injun Joe! at oats in mid-air. Tom and Huck look at each other. What should they do? Reel it in? Let it fall?_ EMMETT — Well, if this is the right place, he sure buried it deep. I'm halfway to China.
42) 11) dialog: Keep diggin’. 61 As Injun Joe crosses the room, Huck does his best to try and follow him with the hat, hoping to drop it back on hi head. He manipulates the hat like a puppeteer, trying to get it over Joe's head. Emmett's pick strikes metal.
42) 14) dialog: What the... Injun Joe looks up and sees his hat. As the hat drops into Injun Joe's face, he lets out a cry and takes off after Emmett.
43) 0) text: Injun Joe and Emmett run down the road to where their horse and wagon are parked. Soaked to the skin, greatly out of breath, they turn around and regard the haunted house. As Joe's heart rate returns to normal, so does his greed.
43) 1) dialog: {angry) Wait a minute! Ghosts or no ghosts, that treasure is mine! I'm goin' back! You with me or not?
44) 2) dialog: (calling back to Emmett) Come on, you coward. It wasn't ghosts -- it was cobwebs. Joe spies the treasure chest. CAMERA SWINGS with him as he rushes across the room. Tom and Huck have vanished. Injun Joe drops to his knees, digs his fingers into the coins.
44) 3) dialog: (continuing; slavering) Look at you, you beautiful money. Behind him, Emmett enters. He is cautious but when he sees the prize, he rushes over to have a look.
44) 5) dialog: (realizes) I didn’t.
44) 7) dialog: I don't care if it was Old Jack Scratch himself. It's ours now. We're rich. The money dissolves Emmett's concerns.
44) 9) dialog: No. We'll wait 'til after the trial. .I got to testify. Make sure Muff takes the blame for Doc's murder.
44) 12) dialog: (continuing) Guess we won't be niddin' this. Injun Joe sticks one corner of the map into the lantern flame and tosses it over his shoulder as he goes out the door. The burning map wafts through the air. Tom and Huck explode from behind some curtains. They make a dive for the burning map. But by the time they catch it, the map -- the evidence that could save Muff -- is burnt to a crisp. Tom and Huck clamber to their feet and run to the door. They are just in time to see Injun Joe's wagon thunder away, moving too fast to follow. The boys turn to each other in dismal defeat.
47) 0) text: The black cat's-eye marble, held between Injun Joe's thum and forefinger. PULL BACK as Injun Joe slaps a coin into Joe Harper's hand, right on top of another coin. Joe Harper looks at the coins and starts reeling off history.
47) 2) dialog: (intense) Just tell me who owned it last. Joe Harper looks into that evil face and almost wets his pants.
47) 5) dialog: Too bad. I'm so sad. doe Harper backs away and hurries into the church.
49) 19) dialog: You lose somethin'...? Tom's wide, frightened eyes follow the marble's trajector as it comes down, hits the ground and rolls right up to his feet.
49) 21) dialog: Don't lie to me, boy. Tom changes gears:
49) 23) dialog: Fetch me the knife. Tom is paralyzed.
49) 24) dialog: - (continuing; a sinister hiss) I said fetch it. Trembling all over, Tom manages to stand. He crosses to the tree, pulls the knife out. Then, knees knocking, he walks to Injun Joe.
49) 26) dialog: (continuing) Now. Give it to me. Tom holds out the knife. Injun Joe doesn't take it right away.
49) 27) dialog: (continuing) You'd like to stick it in me, wouldn't you? ‘Like to gut me good. Here's your chance. (a beat) Go ahead. (continuing; a beat) All you gotta do is kill me and then go tell-everybody in - - aa Hannibal what you know. But Tom can't bring himself to do it. Joe is just too damned scary. In a blur of motion, Injun Joe snatches the knife and Tom finds the blade being pressed to his throat Injun Joe holds him, hisses into his ear:
49) 28) dialog: (continuing) You didn't kill me, boy. Big mistake. ‘Cause if you ever say what you know, I'm sure as hell gonna kill you. Injun Joe lets out a terrifying laugh. He throws Tom to the ground and is suddenly gone. Tom looks around. It's like Joe was never there. cut TO:
53) 0) text: Packed to the rafters. Familiar faces include Polly, Mary, Sid, Becky, Schoolmaster Dobbins, Emmett, the Sheriff, the Widow Douglas, and Injun Joe. Tom sneaks into the back of the room and looks around. Muff Potter, haggard and hopeless, sits in chains next to his DEFENSE LAWYER. Injun Joe sits with the other witnesses. Judge Thatcher presides from behind his bench. The PROSECUTOR, a man with an irritating theatrical flair displays Muffts knife as he questions the Welshman.
53) 10) dialog: So I headed up to the cemetery. I often like to sit up there and watch the stars. Tom's eyes narrow, mad as hell. Muff just shakes his head.
53) 11) dialog: (continuing) Anyways, I saw Muff drunk. Real drunk and ina rage. I saw him lift the knife and before I knew what was . happening, he plunged it down into the Doc. Four times he stabbed him. The whole crowd cringes and squirms. The Prosecutor smiles and turns to the Defense.
53) 40) text: (continuing) Injun Joe and the Doc got into a Fight. Muff tried to break it up and the Doc hit him with a grave marker, knockin' him cold. Tom grabs the Bible and points it at Injun Joe.
58) 1) text: —{as he turns) Can't you read the sign? It says we're clo... Emmett cuts off in mid-word. The man standing in the doorway wears a long coat and a low slouch hat which conceals his face. He steps into the light. It's Injun Joe.
58) 3) dialog: {a knowing evil smile) _Gonna do a little diggin' without me?
58) 5) dialog: I don't think you're glad to see me. I think you was gonna go to Number Two under the cross and get the treasure for yourself. -~ ~~ .
58) 7) dialog: That's right. You wouldn't cheat me. ‘Cause you're smart enough to know that if you Emmett goes for the gun. But his fingers never reach it. Injun Joe's knife comes sailing like a missile and embeds itself in Emmett's chest. Emmett fails to the floor, dead.
60) 0) text: Higher up on the mountain, Injun Joe lugs the sack containing pick and shovel.
60) 1) dialog: This seems like someone's POV. Injun Joe slogs along. From the valley below, the MUSIC drifts up, eerily. Joe arrives at a secret entrance to the caves -- a small opening hidden by the surrounding foliage. He disappears within.
65) 0) text: injun Joe, stooped over in a low tunnel, reacts to the distant sound of a HUMAN VOICE somewhere in the cave...
67) 0) text: While moving through a small chamber, Injun Joe hears the SOUNDS of the avalanche. He quickly darts into an adjoining tunnel... CcuT To: wo an
73) 6) dialog: (a shout from hell) Tom Sawyer! Tom grabs Becky and they race into another tunnel. Behind them, Injun Joe hits the ground. He looks to see which way they went and follows.
74) 0) text: Tom and Becky run as if chased by the Devil himself. Up ahead is a junction. Tom chooses a direction and they disappear into the darkness. Seconds later, Injun Joe arrives. He stops, cocks his head to one side, trying to hear their FOOTSTEPS. But the ECHOES are confusing here.
75) 15) dialog: Looks like I get it all. the treasure and you. Injun Joe draws his knife. Tom swings the rusty cutlass into Joe's leg. The half-breed lets out a cry of pain and staggers back. Tom gets to his feet. He charges Injun Joe but Joe back- hands him. Tom hits the ground, losing his grip on the cutlass. It skitters across the cave floor. Knife in one hand, Joe pounces. He grabs Tom by the neck and raises his blade, when: . Tom! . wo ne ici
75) 16) text: Get your hands off my friend! Injun Joe turns in surprise. He looks up. Huck Finn stands on the rocks above him.
75) 17) dialog: What the... Huck launches himself into space and lands with both feet on Injun Joe's chest. Joe goes flying, skidding across the slick cave Floor, stopping an inch from the cliff's edge. Huck hovers over Tom who grins at him through his pain.
75) 19) dialog: I know you. You're Pap Finn's boy -- Blueberry! Huck gives Joe a deadly look and corrects him:
75) 21) dialog: Your old man was the best knife-fighter-on the Mississippi. Did he teach you? Huck whips out his knife.
75) 23) dialog: Then let's see what you got... river trash. Huck's eyes flash and narrow to mean slits.
75) 25) dialog: (as he fights) You got guts, boy. And ina minute, they're gonna be on the ground. Huck fights valiantiy but he's a boy and Injun Joe is a man. With his free hand, Joe explodes a fist off Huck's jaw and the boy goes flying, losing his knife. Huck lands on the cave floor, stunned. Injun Joe raises his knife to throw it. - = “INJUN JOE (continuing) It's over, boy. I never miss. That's when Tom shouts from behind: