3) 14) text: Injun Joe very delicately wipes the blade of his kn en Doc Robinson's chest, where his heart should be.
7) 0) text: Tom runs for all he's worth, heart soaring with boyish excitement. Right on cue, JOE HARPER hops over a fence and joins him. A moment later, BEN ROGERS comes through a gate and the three boys race through the night.
8) 0) text: The shadows of Tom, Joe and Ben flash across the dark storefronts, The boys zoom around a corner and put on the brakes so they don't collide with MUFF POTTER, the town drunk who is ambling along. Muff is a friendly good- hearted fellow, a buddy to all the boys in Hannibal.
9) 0) text: Tom, Joe and Ben clamber down a steep wooded bank, thrashing their way through thick bushes and trees, slipping and sliding, overcome with excitement. Shortly, they reach their own secret harbor where a log raft is anchored in the moonlight. Tom, Joe and Ben board the raft and scramble about making her "seaworthy." Within seconds the anchor is raised and all lines are cast off. Wind takes hold of the bed-sheet sail and suddenly the raft is in motion. The strong current carries it downstream. Joe mans the rudder.
9) 8) dialog: No, Tom. We're with ya. All the way. Tom neds, proud of his crew.
9) 14) dialog: (terrified) Tom! But Tom hears nothing. He is unconscious, going under, _ coming up, at the mercy of the powerful current.
9) 16) dialog: They gape in disbelief.
9) 20) dialog: They make their way to shore and hurry downriver.
9) 24) dialog: You all right, Tom?
9) 28) dialog: (vigorous nods) Town! 10 The boys scramble to their feet and run like hell. As they disappear up the shore, we hear TWIGS SNAFPING. FOOTSTEPS approach. A tattered shoulder moves INTO FRAME and the back of a boy’s head. His hair is long and wild. It hangs to his shoulders.
15) 48) dialog: We could build another boat... Tom dismisses the idea. He's got a new idea.
15) 50) dialog: (intrigued) Outlaws? Tom shows them the pictures in the book.
17) 0) text: Tom, Joe and Ben run off in three different directions. We STAY with Tom who dodges trees, leaps over logs, stumbles and falls down. He goes to pick himself up wher. he is surprised to.see two filthy bare feet in front of him. Slowly, Tom looks up. fee : -—e
20) 37) text: yen Joe returns, steps over Doc's dead body and g's bloody knife into the open grave. Then he r goss the cemetery, disappearing into the gloom. sé sits up, disoriented.
22) 0) text: Tom is asleep. Suddenly, the window EXPLODES into a thousand fragments as Injun Joe lands in the center of th room, looking more satanic than ever. Tom jerks awake as Joe pulls out his silver knife.
22) 1) dialog: I'm gonna kill you, Tom Sawyer! Injun Joe leaps up on the bed, looming over Tom.
24) 0) text: Three little kids are carrying their schoolbooks and walking down the boardwalk. Suddenly, Injun Joe steps in front of them. The kids freeze in terror. Injun Joe slowly raises his hand. Between thumb and forefinger is the black cat's-eye marble.
26) 1) dialog: Hey, Tom! Tom looks up and sees Joe Harper waving to him.
26) 2) dialog: (calling) Come on! School's been called off!
26) 15) dialog: (announcing) I saw the murder! The crowd hushes.
26) 22) dialog: I say you're lyin'. I say there ain't no treasure map. And there never was. Injun Joe looks to Emmett,-the local tavern keeper and Joe's partner in crime. Emmett nods and yells:
26) 63) dialog: {calls to them) Evenin'...! “ 4s The couple ignore him and hurry on. -.-Injun Joe chuckles exhaling a cloud of black smoke. He likes the effect he has on people. As Injun Joe continues on his way, we ANGLE UP to catch a glimpse of a dark figure in tatters running silently alon the rooftops, following Joe on his journey.
27) 0) text: Tom and Sid sleep. Sid snores peacefully. But Tom is tossing. Suddenly, a dirty hand clamps over his mouth. Tom's eyes pop open. He struggles, thinking it's Injun Joe, then sees that the hand belongs to Huck Finn.
29) 0) text: Filled with trappers, traders and rivermen. They drink, piay cards, argue and listen to MUSIC coming from a cheap rinky dink piano. In a corner at a table are Emmett the tavern keeper and Injun Joe.
30) 1) text: They are right above Injun Joe and Emmett. Emmett is studying the treasure map and drinking a huge pitcher of beer. He slides the map over to Injun Joe who pockets it. Emmett speaks a few words. Joe nods. Then, deep in thought, Joe lifts up the cat's-eye marble and rolis it between his fingers. EXT. ALLEY : — . Tom's heart stops.
31) 0) text: Injun Joe and Emmett react to the commotion outside. They get up to investigate. Emmett brings his pitcher of beer.
32) 0) text: The tavern's back door opens, letting out a shaft of ligh anc the TINKLE of a piano. Emmett and Injun Joe step out and look around. Nothing seems amiss. The rain barrel is back where it was before, under the drainpipe.
32) 4) text: Well, I gotta be goin'. ~I'll see ya tomorrow... partner. wre is a hint of threat in the way Joe says "partner," gett, who is a huge man, looks uneasy. There's gething about Injun Joe that just creeps people out.
37) 0) text: In a clearing, we FIND Injun Joe asleep beside his whiske still. An empty bottle lies on the ground beside him and Joe is snoring up a storm. In the woods beyond, we detect movement.
37) 1) text: Huck peers around the side of a tree, still in his camouflage disguise. Tom sticks his head out from the other side. Now he, too, is wearing mid and leaves and looking like a wild savage. If it wasn't for the whites of their eyes, you'd think they were part of the forest. HUCK ~ oe (observing Injun Joe) He's drunk asleep. Shouldn't be too hard to get that map.
37) 5) text: —_— 55 Tom reaches over to get the map. His fingers close around the edge and he slowly draws it out of Joe's pocket. Further. Further. He's almost got it. And that's when a cannon fires nearby. BOOM! Tom leaps back (without the map) and slams into Injun Joe's still. It tips over and CRASHES to the ground. Whiskey spills and spurts. Equipment CLATTERS and CLANKS Huck comes out of nowhere. He-grabs Tom and snatches him into the surrounding foliage. The boys freeze, trying to blend in. Injun Joe leaps to his feet. He looks around at his destroyed still and stomps around angrily. He doesn't notice the four eyeballs watching him from the foliage. Injun Joe draws his kiiifel The eyes in the foliage widen
39) 0) text: Tom and Huck are each on a log, paddling furiously toward the bank where Injun Joe's canoe is beached. ‘The boys ar back in their clothes again.
42) 7) text: Emmett goes to the fireplace, swings his pick and brings it down with force. SMASH! Injun Joe puts the map down on a dusty table and goes ove to help Emmett. “Tom and Huck exchange excited grins. The map is almost directly below them. Huck digs into his pocket and pulls out a fishing line with a hook attached. Tom nods eagerly. i - ~_ — As Injun Joe and Emmett dig up the floor, the hook slowly descends from above. ~~
43) 0) text: Injun Joe and Emmett run down the road to where their horse and wagon are parked. Soaked to the skin, greatly out of breath, they turn around and regard the haunted house. As Joe's heart rate returns to normal, so does his greed.
47) 0) text: The black cat's-eye marble, held between Injun Joe's thum and forefinger. PULL BACK as Injun Joe slaps a coin into Joe Harper's hand, right on top of another coin. Joe Harper looks at the coins and starts reeling off history.
47) 1) dialog: Mickey Douglas got the cat's- eye from his cousin in St. Louis. Then he traded it to Alfred Temple who sold it to Doug Tanner who traded it to Johnny Miller who -- no, wait. Alfred sold it to Johnny who traded it to Doug... Fed up, Injun Joe grabs Joe Harper by the collar.
47) 3) dialog: Tom Sawyer. Tom Sawyer owned it last. Injun Joe's eyes widen. Joe Harper shakes his head sadly.
47) 4) dialog: (continuing) But it don't matter ‘cause now Tom's dead. 66 injun Joe looks around at all the mourners piling into th church. He gives an evil grin...
53) 0) text: Packed to the rafters. Familiar faces include Polly, Mary, Sid, Becky, Schoolmaster Dobbins, Emmett, the Sheriff, the Widow Douglas, and Injun Joe. Tom sneaks into the back of the room and looks around. Muff Potter, haggard and hopeless, sits in chains next to his DEFENSE LAWYER. Injun Joe sits with the other witnesses. Judge Thatcher presides from behind his bench. The PROSECUTOR, a man with an irritating theatrical flair displays Muffts knife as he questions the Welshman.
53) 40) text: (continuing) Injun Joe and the Doc got into a Fight. Muff tried to break it up and the Doc hit him with a grave marker, knockin' him cold. Tom grabs the Bible and points it at Injun Joe.
57) 11) dialog: What's wrong with you?
58) 1) text: —{as he turns) Can't you read the sign? It says we're clo... Emmett cuts off in mid-word. The man standing in the doorway wears a long coat and a low slouch hat which conceals his face. He steps into the light. It's Injun Joe.
60) 0) text: Higher up on the mountain, Injun Joe lugs the sack containing pick and shovel.
65) 0) text: injun Joe, stooped over in a low tunnel, reacts to the distant sound of a HUMAN VOICE somewhere in the cave...
67) 0) text: While moving through a small chamber, Injun Joe hears the SOUNDS of the avalanche. He quickly darts into an adjoining tunnel... CcuT To: wo an
74) 0) text: Tom and Becky run as if chased by the Devil himself. Up ahead is a junction. Tom chooses a direction and they disappear into the darkness. Seconds later, Injun Joe arrives. He stops, cocks his head to one side, trying to hear their FOOTSTEPS. But the ECHOES are confusing here.
75) 16) text: Get your hands off my friend! Injun Joe turns in surprise. He looks up. Huck Finn stands on the rocks above him.
75) 27) dialog: Nott! ++. and charges Tom>——- ———' Tom hurls the chest into the air and Injun Joe (in SLOW MOTION) makes a spectacular dive for it, arms outstretched. In mid-air, Joe catches the chest in his arms and hugs it to his body only to realize that Tom has tricked him into leaping over the edge of the cliff. With a scream on his lips, Injun Joe falls to his doom. It's over. Tom crosses to Huck and heips him up. — “TOM What made you come back?