14) 0) text: CLOSE on Tom's AUNT POLLY, a handsome woman in her forties. She is seated at the breakfast table. WIDEN to include Sid and Tom's pretty sixteen-year-old COUSIN MARY All three are poker-faced, silently eating breakfast. Tom enters in clean clothes. Determined to play the innocent until accused, Tom seats himself and tucks a napkin into his shirt.
23) 10) text: “TOM (yells) Go away, Mary! I'm buck naked! The door bursts open. We hear a POP. Tom screams. Mary steps into the room.
23) 11) dialog: What's all the fuss? Something flies through the air and Mary catches it. In her hand is Tom's bloody tooth. Tom holds his mouth and does a slow burn at Sid who smile and picks up the string with Tom's tooth attached. He twirls it in playful triumph.
46) 0) text: From a HIGH ANGLE POV we can see people slowly filtering in to the sanctuary. Most are sniffling and sobbing. All this is accompanied by bad ORGAN MUSIC. The POV belongs to the "deceased" himself, Tom Sawyer. Hiding up in the attic with Huck, Tom peers through one o a hundred or so cracks in the church ceiling. Tom is beside himself with glee when he sees Aunt Polly, Sid and Mary coming up the aisle, looking distraught. Tom hears VOICES outside. He makes his way to the wall and looks through a crack. He sees a bunch of KIDS standing outside the church.
48) 0) text: People are sniffling and crying and dabbing their eyes. Polly, Mary and Sid sit together in the front pew. Surprisingly, even Sid seems sad. Mary pats Sid's hand.
48) 1) dialog: You miss him, don't you? Sid nods, feeling truly sorry for... himself.
53) 0) text: Packed to the rafters. Familiar faces include Polly, Mary, Sid, Becky, Schoolmaster Dobbins, Emmett, the Sheriff, the Widow Douglas, and Injun Joe. Tom sneaks into the back of the room and looks around. Muff Potter, haggard and hopeless, sits in chains next to his DEFENSE LAWYER. Injun Joe sits with the other witnesses. Judge Thatcher presides from behind his bench. The PROSECUTOR, a man with an irritating theatrical flair displays Muffts knife as he questions the Welshman.