8) 0) text: The shadows of Tom, Joe and Ben flash across the dark storefronts, The boys zoom around a corner and put on the brakes so they don't collide with MUFF POTTER, the town drunk who is ambling along. Muff is a friendly good- hearted fellow, a buddy to all the boys in Hannibal.
8) 2) dialog: Howdy, boys. Where ya headed this time of night?
8) 4) dialog: {good-naturedly) Oh, I used to do that all the time -- 'til home ran away from me. Came back one day and everybody was gone...
8) 6) dialog: (chuckles) As far away as they could. Joe and Ben look at bit nonplussed. Is this a cautionary tale Mufi'’s telling?
8) 8) dialog: Don't let me stop you. Tom, Joe and Ben move off. Muff calls after them...
8) 11) dialog: Never, huh? {chuckles; with confidence) See ya tomorrow.
17) 57) dialog: Joe, wait! Tom don't mean no harm! Which diffuses the situation. Injun Joe steps away from Tom and slides the knife back into his belt. Tom is quaking as Muff joins them, smiling his amiable smile. MUFF due eee {continuing) Hello, Tom.
17) 59) dialog: Run along, Tom. Goon. Git. Tom doesn't wait to be told twice. Shooting a fearful look at Injun Joe, he takes off.
17) 60) dialog: (continuing) Don't mind Tom. He's just one of the town boys.
17) 62) dialog: (agreeable; with humor) Sure... what do I have to do?
20) 20) dialog: I need me a drink. Would it be €all right if we took a break for a little libation?
20) 23) dialog: Murrell! One-Eye Murrell! By God! geturns to Huck. Tom is as excited as Muff.
20) 29) dialog: Doc -- Joe -- let's discuss this like gentlemen. Injun Joe backhands Doc Robinson who falls to the ground, jesing his hold on the box which tumbles away.
20) 30) dialog: (continuing) Now, Joe, what'd you do that for? Injun Joe pounces on the fallen box, rips the top off and ripe it over. The box is empty except for a tattered piece of yellow paper which flutters to the ground.
20) 33) dialog: (excited) Murrell's treasure! By glory, we're rich! Joe, why didn't ya tell me? That's when Doc Robinson shoves Muff out of the way and charges Injun Joe.
20) 35) dialog: Now hold on. Doc falls back. He grabs the grave's wooden headboard and swings it at Joe. Joe ducks and the board hits Muff -- right-in the face. Muff hits the ground, out cold. Joe stuffs the map in his pocket and leaps forward. He nails Doc with a left hook. Then a right jab. Lefr. Right. Doc staggers back and falls against the mausoleum right in front of Tom and Huck. Injun Joe pulls his trademark silver knife out of his belt, then thinks better of it. He puts it back, goes over to Muff's body and takes out Muff's knife. Injun Joe goes back over to Doc Robinson. He raises Muif's knife overhead. Lightning slashes the sky as Joe brings the knife down. Tom and Huck's eyes widen. They can't see Doc on the other side of the tomb but they know where the knife is going. Injun Joe plunges it down. One. ‘Two. Three times. Tom and Huck turn and run. But Tom's jacket gets caught on a branch and rips. Hearing them, Injun Joe scrambles over the tomb in time t See two small figures sprint through the tombstones and vanish into the fog. Then his eye catches something on the ground. He bends down and picks up Tom's cat's-eye marble. He stares at it.
20) 38) dialog: (looks around) Doc? Joe? pa flash of lightning, Muff sees Doc Robinson sprawled gnst the mausoleum, eyes open, face contorted, his get shining with blood! gi runs to the body, touches Doc.
20) 39) dialog: (continuing) Doc? spalizing he's dead, Muff pulls back his hands. They are sgwered with blood.
20) 40) dialog: (continuing) Omigod! wif Staggers back. He looks around in fear and takes ait.
26) 6) dialog: I didn't do it! I swear I didn't do it! All eyes turn as a frightened Muff Potter is brought forward by the SHERIFF and a FARMER who declares:
26) 10) dialog: No, wait a minute...! Another town character, the WELSHMAN, pops out of the ope grave holding up Muff's bloody knife.
26) 13) dialog: You gotta believe me... The crowd ROARS its approval. And charges forward. Muff panics. He breaks away from the Sheriff and runs like a Scared rabbit -- right into Injun Joe. Joe decks him down with a hard blow.
26) 14) text: 43 The Sheriff and others pounce on Muff.
26) 18) dialog: That ain't how it happened! I swear! We found the map to Murrelli's Treasure! And Joe and Doc got to fightin’ -- A dark, scornful laugh from Injun Joe.
26) 21) dialog: But I seen the map!
26) 47) text: Why should I stick my neck our for Muff Potter?
26) 61) dialog: (wishing) Bas anybody come to see me, Sheriff? sq TMP BACK TO A LONGER SHOT to reveal that someone is gerving Muff from the shadowy roof of the building next 3egm. It's Huck, though we can barely make out his face, pst his tattered outline, rags blowing in the breeze.
33) 0) text: gom and Huck sail downstream on Muff Potter's raft. Tom mans the rudder while Huck stands forward, keeping Injun goe's canoe in sight.
51) 0) text: Muff Potter sits on his cot, staring into the shadows looking devastated... Suddeniy, in the barred window above the bed, we see Tom' face...
51) 2) dialog: {turning, looking up) Tom...!
51) 3) text: How're you~doin', Muff?
51) 4) dialog: (sadly) Not so good...
51) 6) dialog: Gee, thanks... ._ He starts hungrily eating the cornbread. .-—-...- --—-
51) 8) dialog: (terrified) Tom, they're gonna hang me. Tom looks distressed -- he doesn't know what to say.
51) 10) dialog: (desperate) I'm innocent -- I didn't do it, I swear. IJ done some crazy stupid things in my life, but I never killed anyone. You gotta believe me.
51) 13) dialog: How come? Nobody else does. Tom struggles with what to Say... 76
51) 15) dialog: (starts to cry) Doesn't matter -- they're gonna hang me anyway... (sobbing) Just my luck... Just my lousy godforsaken luck...
51) 17) dialog: Why not?
51) 19) dialog: (woeful) ..- It's gonna take a miracle... Why would a miracle happen to me...? Tom huddles in the window, deeply touched and feeling horrible...
53) 0) text: Packed to the rafters. Familiar faces include Polly, Mary, Sid, Becky, Schoolmaster Dobbins, Emmett, the Sheriff, the Widow Douglas, and Injun Joe. Tom sneaks into the back of the room and looks around. Muff Potter, haggard and hopeless, sits in chains next to his DEFENSE LAWYER. Injun Joe sits with the other witnesses. Judge Thatcher presides from behind his bench. The PROSECUTOR, a man with an irritating theatrical flair displays Muffts knife as he questions the Welshman.
53) 40) text: (continuing) Injun Joe and the Doc got into a Fight. Muff tried to break it up and the Doc hit him with a grave marker, knockin' him cold. Tom grabs the Bible and points it at Injun Joe.
76) 0) text: Nearly the entire town has converged around the hole to the cave... Even Muff Potter is there. Now, Tom and Huck emerge from the hole lugging their gold in sacks. As the boys appear a loud ROAR erupts from the crowd... There is much back slapping and embracing: Tom and Huck; Tom and Aunt Polly; Tom and Becky... Now, the Widow Douglas confronts Huck...
76) 4) dialog: (shouting our) Three cheers! Three cheers for the bravest boys in Hannibal! As the crowd begins to CHEER...