26) 14) text: 43 The Sheriff and others pounce on Muff.
26) 16) dialog: Tell us what you know.
26) 33) dialog: Let's go, Muff. The Sheriff leads Muff away. They walk past Tom who locks eyes with poor Muff and feels his fear. vMUFF I didn't do it, Tom. Tom is about to say something when he sees Huck Finn in the distance, perched on top of a mausoleum, ragged clothes blowing in the wind. Tom pushes through the crowd but once he gets to the mausoleum, there is no sign of Huck. Tom is in hell. He turns to go. As he walks past a tall headstone, a leg snakes first in the tall grass. out and trips him. Tom lands face He rolls over and there's Huck, leaning against the headstone. He holds up the pine shingle oath.
26) 62) dialog: Don't be stupid, Muff. {as he CLANGS the door shut; a eruel laugh) Nobody cares about you. And nobody's gonna miss you when you're gone. ye words, meant for Muff, seem to have an effect on Huck. Rr amy rate, he turns and disappears into the night. Cur TO: ext. MAIN STREET - NIGHT A respectable couple strolls along the boardwalk, enjoyin an evening stroll. Up ahead, a man steps into the glow of slamp to light a cigar. It's Injun Joe. The couple a Bese Then, they purposely scurry to the other side of the Btreet in order to avoid him.
53) 0) text: Packed to the rafters. Familiar faces include Polly, Mary, Sid, Becky, Schoolmaster Dobbins, Emmett, the Sheriff, the Widow Douglas, and Injun Joe. Tom sneaks into the back of the room and looks around. Muff Potter, haggard and hopeless, sits in chains next to his DEFENSE LAWYER. Injun Joe sits with the other witnesses. Judge Thatcher presides from behind his bench. The PROSECUTOR, a man with an irritating theatrical flair displays Muffts knife as he questions the Welshman.
53) 37) text: In the gallery, the Sheriff is startled. He stands up.
53) 39) dialog: He's right! And I ain't told that to a soul! Tom goes for it:
65) 8) dialog: Judge, I was making my rounds in town when I seen the door to the tavern standing open. I went inside and there he was -- Emmett ~- lying there deader than a mackerel -- with a big knife-hole in his heart. wo ut
65) 10) dialog: Only one man can throw a knife like that. Polly grips Thatcher's arm.