2) 0) text: A black cat darts across our path and runs up the side of a tree. —We PUSH IN on-the tree. THUNDER rumbles. Lightning flashes, illuminating a boy's name carved into the trunk of the tree: *TOM SAWYER." A DARK FIGURE stalks past the tree. We PAN it down the street toward a grim building whose overhanging sign, shaped like a coffin, reads: "DR. J.R. ROBINSON
5) 0) text: CLOSE on a clock sitting on a night stand between two beds. As the minute hand moves to midnight, we hear covers RUSTLING and PAN over to TOM SAWYER as he sits up in bed, eyes flashing with excitement. Tom throws off his covers to reveal that he's completely dressed and ready for action. Tom swings out of bed, a rugged, good-looking kid of twelve. He shoots a look at his cousin SIDNEY who occupies the other bed, snoring peacefully. Sid is a year younger than Tom and his opposite in every way. Outwardly a model boy, Sid is actually a mean, sneaky, little tattletale. Tom, on the other hand, is a pure force of unbridled nature, born for trouble and adventure. He goes to the window, raises it and is halfway out when he hears: siID And where do you think you're going?
5) 1) text: Tom turns. Sid is sitting up in bed, smiling with smus superiority, having caught Tom in the act of sneaxing ovr But Tom doesn't seem worried.
5) 3) dialog: Again?
5) 5) dialog: Not if I tell Aunt Polly! Sid is about to open his mouth and shout "Aunt Polly!" when Tom pounces on him and clamps a hand over his mouth,
5) 9) text: d4eontinuing! ‘Course, I could be wrong Te might just be a harmless fruit spider. But there's only one way to find out... And with a grin, Tom is gone out the window. Sid stares at the spider in the jar, trying to keep completely still hk big drop of sweat runs down his forehead.
10) 0) text: The sun comes up, casting long shadows. We see the sleepy little village with the Mississippi running on one side, hills and dense forest on the other.
13) 0) text: Tom looks around. No sign of Sid. As usual, Sid's bed is neatly made. cur TO:
14) 0) text: CLOSE on Tom's AUNT POLLY, a handsome woman in her forties. She is seated at the breakfast table. WIDEN to include Sid and Tom's pretty sixteen-year-old COUSIN MARY All three are poker-faced, silently eating breakfast. Tom enters in clean clothes. Determined to play the innocent until accused, Tom seats himself and tucks a napkin into his shirt.
16) 0) text: A horse and carriage travel down a tree-lined lane on the outskirts of Hannibal. The buggy's driver is a prosperous iooking gentleman in his forties, HENRY THATCHER. On the seat beside himis his-beautiful-tweive-year old daughter; BECKY.
23) 0) text: Tom's eyes pop open. He sees a blurry figure shaking him. . “AUNT POLLY Wake up, Tom! Wake up! It's Aunt Polly. Sid is standing beside her.
23) 1) dialog: He's been moaning all night. — -~ “tavGark smile) TTT I think it's his sore tooth again. “ AUNT POLLY Is that right, Tom? Is your tooth bothering you again? Tom is still disoriented.
23) 3) dialog: I heard him, Aunt Polly. Crying about his sore tooth. I'll bet he'd feel better if it was pulled. - Sid grins at Tom. As Aunt Polly turns to look at him, Sid's grin turns into a look of deep concern.
23) 8) dialog: (calls out} Mary! Could you come in here? Tom's eyes widen. He struggles but Sid holds him tight Polly steps away from the door as we hear Mary's FOOTST. coming down the hallway.
26) 25) text: (trying to keep order; a friendly smile) Now, now, people. You wouldn't deny me the pleasure of presiding over his trial, would you? What good's having a judge if you don't let him judge?
27) 0) text: Tom and Sid sleep. Sid snores peacefully. But Tom is tossing. Suddenly, a dirty hand clamps over his mouth. Tom's eyes pop open. He struggles, thinking it's Injun Joe, then sees that the hand belongs to Huck Finn.
31) 0) text: Injun Joe and Emmett react to the commotion outside. They get up to investigate. Emmett brings his pitcher of beer.
37) 0) text: In a clearing, we FIND Injun Joe asleep beside his whiske still. An empty bottle lies on the ground beside him and Joe is snoring up a storm. In the woods beyond, we detect movement.
37) 1) text: Huck peers around the side of a tree, still in his camouflage disguise. Tom sticks his head out from the other side. Now he, too, is wearing mid and leaves and looking like a wild savage. If it wasn't for the whites of their eyes, you'd think they were part of the forest. HUCK ~ oe (observing Injun Joe) He's drunk asleep. Shouldn't be too hard to get that map.
46) 0) text: From a HIGH ANGLE POV we can see people slowly filtering in to the sanctuary. Most are sniffling and sobbing. All this is accompanied by bad ORGAN MUSIC. The POV belongs to the "deceased" himself, Tom Sawyer. Hiding up in the attic with Huck, Tom peers through one o a hundred or so cracks in the church ceiling. Tom is beside himself with glee when he sees Aunt Polly, Sid and Mary coming up the aisle, looking distraught. Tom hears VOICES outside. He makes his way to the wall and looks through a crack. He sees a bunch of KIDS standing outside the church.
48) 0) text: People are sniffling and crying and dabbing their eyes. Polly, Mary and Sid sit together in the front pew. Surprisingly, even Sid seems sad. Mary pats Sid's hand.
48) 2) dialog: With Tom dead, I got nobody to snitch on. We see the Widow Douglas sitting off to herself, regal an hawk-like. She dabs a tear, then looks around crossly to make sure no one saw her. Judge Thatcher stands at the pulpit.
52) 0) text: Tom lies in bed, staring out the window at the stars. Sid's bed is empty. The door opens, letting in a shaft of light from the hall. Tom looks up as Aunt Polly enters, a look of concern on her face.
53) 0) text: Packed to the rafters. Familiar faces include Polly, Mary, Sid, Becky, Schoolmaster Dobbins, Emmett, the Sheriff, the Widow Douglas, and Injun Joe. Tom sneaks into the back of the room and looks around. Muff Potter, haggard and hopeless, sits in chains next to his DEFENSE LAWYER. Injun Joe sits with the other witnesses. Judge Thatcher presides from behind his bench. The PROSECUTOR, a man with an irritating theatrical flair displays Muffts knife as he questions the Welshman.
55) 0) text: TICK -- TICK -- TICK -- the only sound we hear is the ticking of the grandfather clock in Aunt Polly's sitting room... Aunt Polly is busy with her knitting. Tom sits in a straight chair reading a book about King Arthur's Knights ~~ but he can barely concentrate. Every CREAK, every BUMP triggers his worst fears. His eyes dart from window to window -- this is a boy who is terrified... Sid sits nearby doing his multiplication tables. He's clearly enjoying Tom being spooked.
55) 2) dialog: i sure am. Tom is silent.
55) 6) dialog: (acting shocked) Not going to the Harvest Celebration??
55) 10) dialog: I heard something...
55) 12) dialog: Maybe the front door...
55) 14) dialog: (muffled) One moment, please... We hear FOOTSTEPS moving toward the sitting room... Now Sid pokes his head into the room...
55) 15) dialog: {to Tom, gleefully) Oh, Tom -- there's an Indian gentleman to see you.
55) 16) text: Tom, furious, hurls a brocade pillow at Sid's head. CUT To:
56) 0) text: Tom lies awake in bed, eyes wide, staring into the darkness... Sid is fast asleep in the next bed, snoring away. The wind BLOWS -- a branch SNAPS in the tree outside the bedroom window. Tom practically jumps out of his skin... Out of the corne of his eye, he steals a glance at the tree and sees, standing in the tree... The SILHOUETTE of a man... Tom freezes... Is it his imagination playing tricks on hi again? Ancther SNAP and then, a BUMP... Tom does the only thing he can think of -- he buries his head under the covers...
73) 2) text: Becky shakes her head "no." She points to the lantern in Tom's hand. The candle inside is almost a stub.
74) 0) text: Tom and Becky run as if chased by the Devil himself. Up ahead is a junction. Tom chooses a direction and they disappear into the darkness. Seconds later, Injun Joe arrives. He stops, cocks his head to one side, trying to hear their FOOTSTEPS. But the ECHOES are confusing here.
75) 32) dialog: Who's that?
75) 34) dialog: Who's the other one?