2) 0) text: A black cat darts across our path and runs up the side of a tree. —We PUSH IN on-the tree. THUNDER rumbles. Lightning flashes, illuminating a boy's name carved into the trunk of the tree: *TOM SAWYER." A DARK FIGURE stalks past the tree. We PAN it down the street toward a grim building whose overhanging sign, shaped like a coffin, reads: "DR. J.R. ROBINSON
5) 0) text: CLOSE on a clock sitting on a night stand between two beds. As the minute hand moves to midnight, we hear covers RUSTLING and PAN over to TOM SAWYER as he sits up in bed, eyes flashing with excitement. Tom throws off his covers to reveal that he's completely dressed and ready for action. Tom swings out of bed, a rugged, good-looking kid of twelve. He shoots a look at his cousin SIDNEY who occupies the other bed, snoring peacefully. Sid is a year younger than Tom and his opposite in every way. Outwardly a model boy, Sid is actually a mean, sneaky, little tattletale. Tom, on the other hand, is a pure force of unbridled nature, born for trouble and adventure. He goes to the window, raises it and is halfway out when he hears: siID And where do you think you're going?
5) 1) text: Tom turns. Sid is sitting up in bed, smiling with smus superiority, having caught Tom in the act of sneaxing ovr But Tom doesn't seem worried.
5) 2) dialog: Go back to sleep, Sid. I'm just runnin' away from home.
5) 4) dialog: This time for good. (can't contain his excitement) Me and Joe Harper and Ben Rogers is goin' to New Orleans to be steamboat men.
5) 6) dialog: I had a feelin' you was gonna be your usual nasty self so I rigged up a little surprise. As Sid struggles, Tom reaches under the bed, pulling up handfuls of rope that he has already secured to the bed frame. As Sid thrashes, Tom ties him to the bed and shoves a dirty sock in his mouth to stifle his cries.
5) 7) dialog: {continuing) And just so you won't be lonely... Tom reaches under the bed and brings up a topless glass jar which he balances on Sid's heaving chest. Sid's eyes cross and bug out when he sees what's in the jar -- a big black spider! Sid is terrified of spiders. He freezes.
5) 8) dialog: (continuing) That's a black widow. Sid -- the most poisonous spider in the whole world. You knock over that jar and she's gonna be mad. Sid doesn't dare move. Tom saunters to the window.
5) 9) text: d4eontinuing! ‘Course, I could be wrong Te might just be a harmless fruit spider. But there's only one way to find out... And with a grin, Tom is gone out the window. Sid stares at the spider in the jar, trying to keep completely still hk big drop of sweat runs down his forehead.
6) 0) text: Tom shimmies down the drainpipe and is gone into the night.
7) 0) text: Tom runs for all he's worth, heart soaring with boyish excitement. Right on cue, JOE HARPER hops over a fence and joins him. A moment later, BEN ROGERS comes through a gate and the three boys race through the night.
8) 0) text: The shadows of Tom, Joe and Ben flash across the dark storefronts, The boys zoom around a corner and put on the brakes so they don't collide with MUFF POTTER, the town drunk who is ambling along. Muff is a friendly good- hearted fellow, a buddy to all the boys in Hannibal.
8) 1) dialog: Hey, Muff!
8) 3) dialog: We're runnin' away from home.
8) 5) dialog: Where'd they go?
8) 7) dialog: {to the boys) Come on
8) 10) dialog: {over his . shoulder; as he runs) Never! The boys are out of sight. Muff grins and takes a hit from his jug. This isn't the first time the boys have run away.
9) 0) text: Tom, Joe and Ben clamber down a steep wooded bank, thrashing their way through thick bushes and trees, slipping and sliding, overcome with excitement. Shortly, they reach their own secret harbor where a log raft is anchored in the moonlight. Tom, Joe and Ben board the raft and scramble about making her "seaworthy." Within seconds the anchor is raised and all lines are cast off. Wind takes hold of the bed-sheet sail and suddenly the raft is in motion. The strong current carries it downstream. Joe mans the rudder.
9) 1) dialog: Goodbye, Hannibal! Tom notices that his shipmates are gazing back at the dow with a certain melancholy. at
9) 2) dialog: Jeontinuing) Don't tell me you're gett homesick already.
9) 7) dialog: Last chance. Once we hit the Muddy, there's no turning back. Joe and Ben steel their courage.
9) 9) dialog: Then it's full speed ahead. They turn their backs to Hannibal as the raft carries the toward the big river.
9) 12) dialog: We made the Muddy, boys! Next stop -- New Orleans! Nothin’ can stop us now! That's when a dark shape looms in their path -- a sandbs:
9) 13) dialog: (continuing) Mister Harper -- hard to port! Too late. The little raft smashes into the -sandbar -and upends itself. Tom, Joe and Ben are picked up and tossed into the water. Tom hits his head on the edge of the raft and is stunned. The current yanks him down. Darkness. Confusion. Joe and Ben cling to the sandbar for dear life. uttering, gasping for breath, they look around to locate their captain and see Tom being swept downriver.
9) 18) dialog: 
9) 23) dialog: He sits up as Joe and Ben arrive.
9) 25) dialog: ‘Course I'm all right.
9) 27) dialog: Town?
11) 0) text: We see the shadow of a great pirate, fighting a cutlass duel with an invisible opponent. PULL BACK to reveal that it's Tom with a long stick, sword-fighting his way back home .
12) 0) text: Tom shimmies up the drainpipe and climbs through the open window to his room.
13) 0) text: Tom looks around. No sign of Sid. As usual, Sid's bed is neatly made. cur TO:
14) 0) text: CLOSE on Tom's AUNT POLLY, a handsome woman in her forties. She is seated at the breakfast table. WIDEN to include Sid and Tom's pretty sixteen-year-old COUSIN MARY All three are poker-faced, silently eating breakfast. Tom enters in clean clothes. Determined to play the innocent until accused, Tom seats himself and tucks a napkin into his shirt.
14) 1) dialog: (cheerful) Mornin', everybody. What's for breakfast?
14) 3) dialog: Couldn't I just have some scrambled eggs instead? Polly takes Tom by the collar and pulls him out of his chaiz. She leads him out the back door.
15) 0) text: Aunt Polly, still holding Tom by the collar, leads out on the back porch...
15) 2) dialog: (testing it in the air) ... Seems mighty weak, Aunt Polly. Must be all used up... Tom hands her the switch, locking her with a carefully composed look of anguish and contrition.
15) 3) dialog: (continuing) I'll go and cut you a new one... He starts toward the birch tree but she stops him...
15) 7) dialog: And you're sure doing that.
15) 9) dialog: Would it help if I just bent over, real quiet, and looked the other way?
15) 11) dialog: Yes'm. She puts down the switch.
15) 13) dialog: Tomorrow?
15) 15) dialog: Tomorrow's Saturday...
15) 17) dialog: Aunt Polly...! Wait! I'll take the whippin'! EXT. POLLY'S HOUSE - DAY_. Tom steps through the gate, carrying a bucket of whitewas and a long-handled brush. He surveys the fence that borders the yard -- thirty yards long, nine feet high. He’ll be an old man before he finishes the job. A small black kid named JEB comes around the corner, - carrying an empty bucket.
15) 18) dialog: Hello, Jeb, ol' buddy.
15) 20) dialog: Tell ya what. I'll go to the pump for you if you'll do some paintin'.
15) 22) dialog: You ain't afraid of her, are you?
15) 24) dialog: I'll show you my bloody toe! Jeb stops in his tracks. He turns around. Tom removes his left boot and lifts his foot. His big toe is wrapped in a bandage. Tom wiggles it seductively. Jeb is greatly tempted but thinks of Aunt Polly. He hurries on his way. Tom goes for the throat:
15) 25) text: (continuing) It's got pus. Jeb stops. His face is in turmoil. Tom delivers the coz d= grace:
15) 26) dialog: (continuing) Yellow -- dripping -- pus. That does it. Jeb spins around.
15) 30) dialog: Oh. Hi, Billy. I was having so much fun I didn't hear you comin'.
15) 34) dialog: If it was work, would I be doin' it? Tom frowns at Billy and shakes his head as if he's just too young to understand. Tom resumes his painting and whistling...
15) 35) dialog: (continuing) ... Ain't every day a boy gets -a chance to whitewash a fence. Billy watches...
15) 38) dialog: Hmm?
15) 40) dialog: (shakes his head) Aunt Polly's awful particular about this fence...
15) 42) dialog: Billy, I'd like to -- but if I was to let you start paintin' and anything was to happen to this fence, I'd be in big trouble...
15) 44) dialog: (slyly) . What'll you give me? cuT To:
15) 46) dialog: (a trace of sarcasm) Well, if it ain't the two bravest steamboat men on the Mississippi.
15) 49) dialog: Forget it. Anybody can be a steamboat man these days. But outlaws... that's somethin’ else.
15) 52) dialog: Sure. Like Robin Hood and his Merry Men. All we need is the woods and some bows and arrows. We'll rob from the rich and give to the poor! On his excited look, we... cur TO:
16) 4) dialog: Throw down your valuables or feel the tip of Robin Hood's black arrow! Thatcher and Becky stare at the three "outlaws." It's all Thatcher can do to keep from laughing. Even Becky hides a smile. Thatcher decides to play along.
16) 8) dialog: Well... uh... don't you have a watch or something? Some ' money?
16) 10) text: Tom is frustrated. He has to get something.
16) 11) dialog: ' Then I'll take that hat you're wearing.
16) 13) dialog: You intend to resist?
17) 0) text: Tom, Joe and Ben run off in three different directions. We STAY with Tom who dodges trees, leaps over logs, stumbles and falls down. He goes to pick himself up wher. he is surprised to.see two filthy bare feet in front of him. Slowly, Tom looks up. fee : -—e
17) 1) text: Looming above him is a startling apparition -- HUCK FINN. Huck is Tom's age but a little taller and more muscular. Dressed in rags and tatters, Huck exudes a dangerous, heroic quality -- like a juvenile Tarzan or a Peter Pan gone to seed. A long knife is stuck in his belt.
17) 2) dialog: Huck...!
17) 4) dialog: {jumping up) You're back...
17) 8) dialog: (realizing) You're the one that pulled me out last night. Huck shrugs.
17) 10) dialog: How long have you been livin' here, Huck?
17) 12) dialog: A month, huh? (knowingly) Last week, Aunt Polly whupped me for swipin' a pie that was coolin' on the window sill. But it wasn't me -- I figured it was Sid.
17) 14) dialog: ... And a day later, old man Cranston accused me of stealin' three watermelons out of his patch.
17) 16) dialog: {only half- serious) I oughta punch you in the nose! Huck rises from his "throne," a dangerous smirk on his face.
17) 18) dialog: Maybe later. Huck shrugs and flops into his "throne." Tom looks around, finding Huck's lifestyle enormously agreeable.
17) 19) dialog: (continuing) When you're not stealin' food and hangin' it on me, what do you do all day?
17) 22) dialog: I guess I oughta thank you for saving my life last night.
17) 24) dialog: How 'bout if I come back some time? ns bes
17) 26) dialog: Then, I will... Hey, Kuck... Tom goes to Huck and extends his hang...
17) 28) dialog: It's what friends do. HUCK. {a trace of surprise) We friends?
17) 29) dialog: it's up to you.
17) 31) dialog: Don't worry about her... I'm glad you came back.
17) 33) dialog: (nods) Sure. We were friends before. Don't you remember?
17) 35) dialog: Well, we're friends again...
17) 38) dialog: Sorry I'm late, Mister Dobbins.
17) 40) dialog: I ain't got none. The entire classroom freezes. They hold their breath as they look from Tom to Mr. Dobbins and back again. Sid can parely contain his pleasure.
17) 43) dialog: You want me to go to the whipping post?
17) 45) dialog: {in mock horror) Please, Mister Dobbins, you're not gonna make me sit with the girls! Dobbins smiles with supreme smugness.
17) 46) text: DOBBINS ~~ aa Once again, Thomas Sawyer, you have outsmarted yourself. Dobbins points to the girls' section. Like a condemned prisoner, Tom trudges down the aisle and drops into the seat next to Becky. As Dobbins starts the lesson, Tom smiles mischievously at Becky. She pretends she isn't impressed and ignores him. Tom takes an apple out of his pocket, carefully shines it on his sleeve, then gently places it in front of Becky as an offering. Becky picks up the apple. She turns to Tom and smiles sweetly. Then, with an expert flick of the wrist, Becky tosses the apple out the window. Tom doesn't care. Even her rejection is a clear reaction. curT TO:
17) 49) dialog: He hurries around the corner and doesn't see Becky anywhere. Beginning to panic, he looks around in all directions. Over his shoulder, Becky appears at the end of the alley. She puts two fingers in her mouth and lets out a whistle. Tom whirls around but she is gone. Tom grins. Hide and seek. With excitement, he decides to head her off at the next street. NEXT STREET ce Becky hides behind a pickle barrel as Tom runs past. She pops up, whistles and takes off in another direction. Tom does a U-turn and comes running back, determined to catch her.
17) 58) dialog: (weakly) Hello, Muff.
18) 0) text: Becky walks along slowly, shooting looks over her shoulde for Tom, disappointed that she actually lost him. Becky approaches the creek where a picturesque footbridge spans a babbling brook. The perfect setting for a romantic encounter. To her surprise, Tom is there, nonchalantly balancing himself on the hand rail, imitatin a tightrope walker. He pretends not to notice Becky coming along the trail, starting across the bridge. Timing it for her arrival, Tom balances himself on one foot. He turns to see if she's looking. Becky, walking past, staring straight ahead, merely reaches out with her hand and gives Tom a shove. Tom loses his balance -and falls over. —Becky continues o her way. —It is only when she hears the big SPLASH that she breaks into a smile.
19) 0) text: Tom sits in the rushing water. It's only a few feet deep. He's not hurt but his dignity is severely dented. He Clambers to his feet and is surprised to see Huck Finn relaxing under the bridge, lazily smoking his pipe.
19) 1) dialog: What are you doing here?
19) 3) dialog: Under a bridge?
19) 5) dialog: What's in there?
19) 7) dialog: Can I see it?
19) 9) dialog: He's dead all right.
19) 11) dialog: What's a dead cat good for?
19) 13) dialog: I got a wart. How's it work?
19) 15) dialog: When're you gonna try it?
19) 17) dialog: (realizes) That's right. They buried Old Hoss Williams today. The Devil's gonna want him for sure. Can I come with you, Huck?
19) 19) dialog: (offended) Not me! I ain't scared of nothin'! On Tom's indignant look, we...
20) 0) text: Lightning flashes, illuminating Tom's frightened face as he and Huck clamber over a stone wall and enter the grounds of the Hannibal Graveyard. Talk abou: spooky it's overgrown and Gothic as hell. THUNDER rumbles. Something clutches Tom from behind. He lets out a cry and tries to run but something's holding him. Huck comes bark and frees him from a tangle of vines.
20) 1) dialog: Sorry.
20) 3) dialog: You sure you got the words right? They see a dim ghostly light in the distance, coming thei way. Tom and Huck run over and hide behind a marble mausoleum. Slowly, their heads peer out over the tomb. Through the fog, THREE FIGURES appear. Tom and Huck duck back down.
20) 4) dialog: {continuing) What do we do now?
20) 5) text: Know any prayers? Tom drops to his knees. He clasps his hands together and shuts his eyes.
20) 6) dialog: (super-fast) Now-I-lay-me-down-to-sleep-I- pray~-the-Lord-my-soul-to- keep... 30 Huck nudges Tom.
20) 8) dialog: That ain't Hoss Williams they're diggin' up. They're goin' for one of them old graves. Lightning flashes and the three figures are illuminated. The man with the lantern is Doc Robinson. ~The other two men do the digging. They are Muff Potter and Injun Joe. Tom whispers to Huck:
20) 9) dialog: (continuing) This is worse than ghosts.
20) 11) dialog: The first two ain't so bad. Doc Robinson and Muff Potter. Muff wouldn't hurt a fly. But that third feller, he almost slit my throat today... {a gulp) That's Injun Joe. We PUSH IN on Huck's face to show that this name causes a chill to run up his spine.
20) 13) dialog: You know him?
20) 15) dialog: What do you think they're doin'? w et
20) 16) text: Look, fellers, I don't ming @iggin', but grave-rebbin's a whole other matter. Tom and Huck turn to each other.
20) 17) dialog: fat the same time) Grave-robbers!
20) 24) dialog: One-Eye Murrell was a pirate. Him and his gang used to plunder up and down the river ‘til the Army came and killed ‘em in an ambush. Murrell‘s treasure was never found. gwrRobinson shoves the box under his coat.
21) 1) dialog: We gotta tell the Sheriff!
21) 4) dialog: But we seen a murder!
21) 6) dialog: Well, when you put it like that, I guess you're right. We can't tell nobody.
21) 8) dialog: Qur blood?
21) 10) dialog: I lost my cat's-eye!
21) 14) dialog: And rot.
21) 15) text: And rot. The SOUND OF SLIDING STEEL as Huck takes out his knife. He slices his own finger, hands the knife to Tom. Tom cuts his finger, too. They write "TOM" and-"X" at the bottom of the oath.
21) 17) dialog: "Turtle guts. Frog slime. Chickens and hens. You and me will always be friends." Huck nods grimly. This is serious stuff.
22) 0) text: Tom is asleep. Suddenly, the window EXPLODES into a thousand fragments as Injun Joe lands in the center of th room, looking more satanic than ever. Tom jerks awake as Joe pulls out his silver knife.
23) 0) text: Tom's eyes pop open. He sees a blurry figure shaking him. . “AUNT POLLY Wake up, Tom! Wake up! It's Aunt Polly. Sid is standing beside her.
23) 2) dialog: Aunt Polly? Uh, no, 1...
23) 5) text: (continuing) Hush, Tom. You've been complaining about this tooth for months. It's got to come out sooner or later, And you'll feel better if it's sooner.
23) 7) text: Be Polly takes the thread and strings it from Tom's mouth to the closed bedroom door, wrapping it around the doorknok
23) 10) text: “TOM (yells) Go away, Mary! I'm buck naked! The door bursts open. We hear a POP. Tom screams. Mary steps into the room.
23) 12) dialog: Some day, Sid...
25) 0) text: Tom ambles along on his way to school, rubbing his jaw an thinking about his troubles.
25) 4) dialog: Really? Becky is suddenly afraid he'll do it.
25) 6) dialog: I would -- but I just don't feel like it right now. in gentlemanly fashion, Tom helps Becky down off the rail
25) 8) dialog: You ever been engaged, Becky? ‘BECKY No. (but she's interested) How do you do it?
25) 9) dialog: Well, you gotta tell each other that you're sweethearts.
25) 11) dialog: Well, then you're s’posed to kiss.
25) 13) dialog: Sure...
25) 16) dialog: You're my sweetheart. There! Now you got to say it to me.
25) 18) dialog: I won't. poy leans close to him, so close her breath stirs his
25) 20) dialog: Well, I guess it's all done but the kissin‘ part. gen looks at Becky. Becky looks at Tom. Tom leans forward. Becky leans forward. Tom's eyes. Becky's eyes. qeix lips move toward each other. Closer. Closer. Both trying to pucker properly. Then... the world's fastest yiss. It's so electric, they jump apart, both terrified. qgainking fast, Tom reaches into his pocket and takes out yesty doorknob. He thrusts it into Becky's hand.
25) 22) dialog: Your engagement ring.
25) 24) dialog: It sure is. Why, when I was engaged to Amy Lawrence... pecky's big eyes tell Tom he's blown it.
25) 26) dialog: But, Becky, that was ages ago. Two months at least... Becky is on the verge of tears. She throws the doorknob at him.
25) 27) text: I hate you! JI hate you! I hope you die! Becky runs off. Tom just stands there, hurt and confused. Then his pride takes over. He picks up the doorknob and marches off. ——
25) 29) dialog: (exasperated) «+. What'd I do?? cuT To:
26) 0) text: Tom walks along, moping, lost in his thoughts. He hardly notices that townspeople are flocking down the street, leaving their homes and shops.
26) 3) dialog: Called off? What for?
26) 5) text: Half the village has swarmed into the graveyard. The place is buzzing with excitement. Tom pushes his way through the crowd. He sees Becky's father, Judge Thatcher, conferring with the MAYOR. Doc Robinson's bot. is covered with a sheet. It lies near the dug-up grave.
26) 36) dialog: Muff's innocent. We got to do somethin' to help him.
26) 38) dialog: You'd let him hang for somethin' he didn't do?
26) 42) dialog: Well. (thinking) What if we could get that treasure map? —— “HUCK It would prove that Muff Potter was tellin’ the truth and Injun Joe was lyin'. That’s a good idea, Tom.
26) 43) dialog: Thanks.
26) 46) dialog: {calling after him) Well, if you're scared... Huck turns around and fixes Tom with a dark look. He knows he's being Challenged.
26) 49) dialog: ‘Cause we know Muff didn't do itr — ee
26) 51) dialog: So, not doin' anything about it is wrong. We gotta help him.
26) 53) dialog: (trying a different tack) What if it was you in Muff's shoes?
26) 55) dialog: What if it was me.
26) 57) dialog: (shakes his head in disappoint - ment) That's not what friends do... I thought we were friends, Huck... Tom turns his back on Huck and walks away...
27) 0) text: Tom and Sid sleep. Sid snores peacefully. But Tom is tossing. Suddenly, a dirty hand clamps over his mouth. Tom's eyes pop open. He struggles, thinking it's Injun Joe, then sees that the hand belongs to Huck Finn.
28) 0) text: Tom and Huck sneak down the dark boardwalk.
28) 1) dialog: What made you change your mind?
28) 3) dialog: Yeah. Probably. They continue along toward the only source of activity at this hour -- the tavern.
30) 0) text: Tom and Huck roll a rain barrel, upend it under a tall window and climb up on top. Balancing precariously, they peer through the grimy glass.
30) 1) text: They are right above Injun Joe and Emmett. Emmett is studying the treasure map and drinking a huge pitcher of beer. He slides the map over to Injun Joe who pockets it. Emmett speaks a few words. Joe nods. Then, deep in thought, Joe lifts up the cat's-eye marble and rolis it between his fingers. EXT. ALLEY : — . Tom's heart stops.
30) 2) dialog: He's got my cat's-eye! Tom is so alarmed, he loses his balance. The barrel tips over and hits the ground with a CRASH. Tom and Huck go sprawling ass over elbow.
32) 4) text: Well, I gotta be goin'. ~I'll see ya tomorrow... partner. wre is a hint of threat in the way Joe says "partner," gett, who is a huge man, looks uneasy. There's gething about Injun Joe that just creeps people out.
32) 6) dialog: (whispers) Come on. We'll borrow Muff's waft. ‘he boys run to the dock.
33) 0) text: gom and Huck sail downstream on Muff Potter's raft. Tom mans the rudder while Huck stands forward, keeping Injun goe's canoe in sight.
33) 2) dialog: Makes sense. JI hear he's got a still out there. That's where he cooks his moonshine.
34) 0) text: By the light of the moon, we see Huck and Tom secure thei raft on the bank of a foreboding, wooded island in the middle of the Mississippi.
34) 2) dialog: Okay. But let's leave the raft here just in case we have to make a quick getaway. As the boys begin to tramp inland, the raft comes loose and floats off downriver. Cur TO:
35) 0) text: Tom and Huck stretch out in the tall grass on the bank of a@ small stream fed by a cascading waterfall. They stare up at a ceiling of twinkling stars.
35) 1) dialog: You really got it made.
35) 3) dialog: Livin' like this all the time. Sleepin' out in the open, under the stars. Doin' what you please. Nobody to tell you when to go to bed. Nobody to make you go to school or change your shirt or clean your ears or eat your dinner. HUCK. Yep. This here's the way to live... Nobody's gonna tell me what to do or where to go, or when to be there... (protesting a little too much) You'll never catch me cooped up in some stuffy old house with some liver-lipped old lady makin' me eat whatever's on the Plate in front of me.
35) 4) dialog: You don't know how lucky you are. Huck snorts and turns away, covering his vulnerability...
36) 0) text: Shafts of morning light stream through the trees. Tom is sprawled on the ground, waking up. He yawns, stretches and scratches.
36) 1) dialog: Huck? —- Tom looks around. No sign of Huck. He's all alone. Now the woods begin to take on a sinister quality. Tom rises.
36) 2) dialog: (continuing) Huck? Suddenly, Huck drops out of a tree and lands right in front of Tom. He is covered head to foot in mud and leaves, every square inch of him, looking like some jungl savage. ——— Only the whites of his eyes can be seen under the brown goop. Totally camouflaged. Tom gapes at Huck, then breaks into a wide grin. Huck raises his hand -- it's filled with mud -- and glops it across Tom's face.
37) 1) text: Huck peers around the side of a tree, still in his camouflage disguise. Tom sticks his head out from the other side. Now he, too, is wearing mid and leaves and looking like a wild savage. If it wasn't for the whites of their eyes, you'd think they were part of the forest. HUCK ~ oe (observing Injun Joe) He's drunk asleep. Shouldn't be too hard to get that map.
37) 2) dialog: Yeah. Let's get it and git. Tom takes a step forward, notices that Huck hasn't moved.
37) 3) dialog: (continuing) Ain't you comin'? Huck casts a look at Injun Joe. Something registers on his face. Is it fear?
37) 5) text: —_— 55 Tom reaches over to get the map. His fingers close around the edge and he slowly draws it out of Joe's pocket. Further. Further. He's almost got it. And that's when a cannon fires nearby. BOOM! Tom leaps back (without the map) and slams into Injun Joe's still. It tips over and CRASHES to the ground. Whiskey spills and spurts. Equipment CLATTERS and CLANKS Huck comes out of nowhere. He-grabs Tom and snatches him into the surrounding foliage. The boys freeze, trying to blend in. Injun Joe leaps to his feet. He looks around at his destroyed still and stomps around angrily. He doesn't notice the four eyeballs watching him from the foliage. Injun Joe draws his kiiifel The eyes in the foliage widen
38) 1) dialog: (looking around) The raft's gone! BOOM! Closer. The boys hit the ground and squirm under some bushes.
38) 4) dialog: (continuing) What're they doin'?
38) 6) dialog: (thrilled) I wonder who it was. “As the ferryboat drawS~closer, Tom and Huck are able to” see the passengers -- Aunt Polly, Cousin Mary, the Sherif and OLD TIM.
38) 8) text: TOM oe {continuing; realizes) It's me. I'm the one who drowned! Tom busts up laughing. Huck has to clamp a hand over his mouth to keep him from being heard as the ferryboat passe by.
38) 12) dialog: Did you see their faces?
38) 14) dialog: She sure did! —Boy, this is the best trick that's ever been pulled in the history of Hannibal. They really miss me. What do you think of that? Huck isn't able to enjoy Tom's merriment.
38) 16) dialog: (laughing) They think I'm dead.
39) 0) text: Tom and Huck are each on a log, paddling furiously toward the bank where Injun Joe's canoe is beached. ‘The boys ar back in their clothes again.
39) 1) dialog: Looks like he's headin' for the hills. They slip off their logs and let them float away. The boys slog through the water, then run past the canoe and head into the woods.
40) 1) text: 58 Tom and Huck creep through the darkening forest, fcllowin @ narrow beaten path. “They stop.
40) 4) dialog: What's that?
40) 6) dialog: Then what're we standin' here for? The boys take off running. As they disappear, we see the source of the RATTLING and CLANKING. It's Injun Joe and Emmett the tavern keeper on a rickety wagon pulled by a broken-down horse.
41) 0) text: Tom and Huck emerge from the woods and are caught in the full downpour of the rainstorm. Ahead of them is a spooky-looking deserted mansion smothered in woods. _. TOM . That's the old Hawkshaw place.
41) 2) dialog: It's supposed to be haunted.
41) 4) dialog: You sure about that? With no place else to go for safety or shelter, the boys hightail it to the haunted house. Rain pours down. The wind SLAMS the shutters open and shut. ry _and bolt _up a rickety staircase.
42) 0) text: Tom and Huck scramble down a cobwebbed hallway. Tom pushes a door open -~ and a ghost jumps out at them!
42) 1) dialog: Yaaahhhhhh! Then they see it's just a rotted bed sheet, blowing in th breeze and connected to a large canopy bed. The boys enter the room. And see a large human-like bulge under the bed covers. They both stare at it. FOOTSTEPS and CLANGING approach from outside. ———guck . eee Listen! The boys drop to their knees and look down through a hole made by a missing floorboard. Below, Injun Joe and Emmett enter the house carrying shovels and picks. Without thinking, Tom jumps up to min but Huck grabs him, holds him fast. Downstairs, Injun Joe T6dks up, suspicious.
42) 7) text: Emmett goes to the fireplace, swings his pick and brings it down with force. SMASH! Injun Joe puts the map down on a dusty table and goes ove to help Emmett. “Tom and Huck exchange excited grins. The map is almost directly below them. Huck digs into his pocket and pulls out a fishing line with a hook attached. Tom nods eagerly. i - ~_ — As Injun Joe and Emmett dig up the floor, the hook slowly descends from above. ~~
44) 0) text: Tom and Huck have taken over the excavation. Huck's pick strikes something metal. The two boys look at each other in excitement. 62 Then, they bend down and, struggling together, lift out a heavy metal box. They set it on the floor. Huck smashes the lock with his pick and Tom jerks the chest open. Their eyes widen. The chest is filled with gold and silver coins. A fortune.
44) 1) dialog: (awestruck) Murrell's treasure. FOOTSTEPS in approach. The boys turn. CAMERA SWINGS to the open doorway as Injun Joe enters.
44) 13) dialog: No more map.
44) 15) dialog: No more Muff. On that grim thought...
45) 0) text: Night falls as Tom and Huck trudge back to town.
45) 1) dialog: I wish I knowed what "Number Two, under the cross" meant.
45) 4) dialog: What is it with you and Injun Joe?
45) 6) dialog: Yeah. They say he's the best knife-fighter on the Mississippi. Huck's face darkens.
45) 10) dialog: Wow. tye is astounded. He turns to Huck and sees a savage look we the boy's face -- a look that tells him there is a sid wp Huck that is capable of great ferocity. Then, the look gs gone. gock jogs to the mile marker and yanks out his knife. He wipes the blade on his pants and shoves it back in his pelt. joins him. He tries to think of something to say. puckily, BELLS begin to toll in the distance, coming from Hannibal. ‘TOM {continuing} You hear that?
45) 12) dialog: But it ain't Sunday. 66
45) 14) dialog: You're right. I wonder who died?
45) 16) dialog: With all the excitement, I almost forgot. I'm dead. Hey, Huck, you want to come to my funeral?
45) 18) dialog: Come on! I don't want to miss this! Tom runs down the hill. Huck follows.
46) 0) text: From a HIGH ANGLE POV we can see people slowly filtering in to the sanctuary. Most are sniffling and sobbing. All this is accompanied by bad ORGAN MUSIC. The POV belongs to the "deceased" himself, Tom Sawyer. Hiding up in the attic with Huck, Tom peers through one o a hundred or so cracks in the church ceiling. Tom is beside himself with glee when he sees Aunt Polly, Sid and Mary coming up the aisle, looking distraught. Tom hears VOICES outside. He makes his way to the wall and looks through a crack. He sees a bunch of KIDS standing outside the church.
46) 3) dialog: Becky. And she looks so sweet and sad, standing next to a teary- eyed SUZY HARPER.
48) 4) dialog: I'm beginnin' to miss me, too. Huck is getting fed up with Tom's perverse enjoyment.
48) 6) dialog: What do you mean? Through the crack, we see Aunt Polly crying.
48) 7) dialog: (continuing; a twinge of regret) She does look sad. Ifeéling for her; under his breath) Don't cry, Aunt Polly. I'm okay.
48) 10) dialog: Hello, Becky. Ain't you glad to see me? Becky lifts a fist and punches him. Whap! Right in the nose. Tom staggers back. Becky storms off. Judge Thatcher follows her, giving Tom a sympathetic look. Tom holds his bloody nose. People crowd around Tom, welcoming him back from the dea
49) 0) text: Tom tramps through the forest until he enters...
49) 2) dialog: Huck. What're you doin'? Huck turns, acknowledges Tom with-a-curt nod, then goes ~ back to his’ activity.
49) 4) dialog: What for?
49) 6) dialog: (confused) Why?
49) 8) dialog: What about Muff Potter?
49) 10) dialog: But, Huck, you can't go.
49) 13) dialog: Naw, they won't...
49) 15) dialog: {not giving up) ... I thought we was friends. Huck gives Tom a cold look...
49) 18) dialog: Yaahhh! 72 Injun Joe gives him a hard shove and Tom falls down on hi ass. He scrambles backwards and bumps up against Huck's "throne." Remaining at a distance, Injun Joe reaches into his pocket. He takes out the black cat's-eye and gives it an underhand toss.
49) 20) dialog: {in terror) That ain't mine. Injun Joe-slides out-his Jong silver knife:
49) 22) dialog: You know, you're right. That is my cat's-eye. Reason I didn't recognize it right away is ‘cause I lost it in the graveyard. Musta been two or three months ago. With lightning speed, Injun Joe hurls his knife. Tom clamps his eyes shut, hears a THUNK. Cautiously, Tom opens his eyes. Realizes-he wasn't the target.-. Tom turn and sees that Joe has thrown the knife at an old portrait hanging on a nearby tree. It's a portrait of a distinguished looking man. Injun Joe's knife is stuck right in his heart. Tom gets the "point."
50) 0) text: Tom glumly walks along the boardwalk. The TOWN BARBER calls to a SHOPKEEPER.
50) 4) dialog: Yes, ma‘am...?
50) 7) dialog: Widow Douglas, I sort of feel that way.
51) 0) text: Muff Potter sits on his cot, staring into the shadows looking devastated... Suddeniy, in the barred window above the bed, we see Tom' face...
51) 1) dialog: Hey, Muff...!
51) 5) dialog: I brought you some corn bread. I saved it from dinner... Tom pushes the corn bread through the bars in a checked napkin...
51) 7) dialog: They treatin’ you okay? Muff stops eating...
51) 9) dialog: (finally) ... Maybe not.
51) 11) dialog: I do. “MUFF You do? _
51) 12) dialog: Yep. I do.
51) 14) dialog: Well, I know you, Muff... Sometimes, when you're drunk you get kinda disgustin' -- but, I know you wouldn't hurt a fly.
51) 16) dialog: (now quite - uncomfortable) —- —~— - ae Don't ery, Muff...
51) 18) dialog: (searching for a reason} Maybe they won't hang you...
51) 20) dialog: -.. I don't know, Muff -- I guess, all kinds of strange things can happen to almost anyone.
52) 0) text: Tom lies in bed, staring out the window at the stars. Sid's bed is empty. The door opens, letting in a shaft of light from the hall. Tom looks up as Aunt Polly enters, a look of concern on her face.
52) 3) dialog: Aunt Polly, -what if-you swore an oath, promisin’ not to tell somethin’. But the somethin' you promised not to tell needs tellin’. AUNT POLLY — ee ee ee oo an “What “happéns ZF you break the oath?
52) 4) dialog: You drop dead. And rot.
52) 6) dialog: Yeah, and on top of that, somebody'1] cut your throat with a knife.
52) 10) dialog: Muff's a goner. cuT TO:
53) 0) text: Packed to the rafters. Familiar faces include Polly, Mary, Sid, Becky, Schoolmaster Dobbins, Emmett, the Sheriff, the Widow Douglas, and Injun Joe. Tom sneaks into the back of the room and looks around. Muff Potter, haggard and hopeless, sits in chains next to his DEFENSE LAWYER. Injun Joe sits with the other witnesses. Judge Thatcher presides from behind his bench. The PROSECUTOR, a man with an irritating theatrical flair displays Muffts knife as he questions the Welshman.
53) 21) dialog: 
53) 24) text: It would-certainly be the first time. The crowd titters. This really pisses Tom off. He looks at Dobbins, grits his teeth and says:
53) 25) dialog: I do! The Defense steps forward.
53) 29) dialog: Iwas... uh... in the graveyard. The crowd gives a start. Polly's eyes widen.
53) 31) dialog: Tryin' to get rid of warts. The crowd laughs. Tom gives them an angry look, then catches eyes with Injun Joe. For Tom's benefit, Joe draws out his knife a little further.
53) 33) dialog: (eyes on Joe's knife) Ie. Tee. In the crowd, Dobbins stands up.
53) 35) text: Your Honor, he's right. Everybody in this courtroom knows Tom Sawyer and what an irresponsible teller of tales he is. Some would call him an outright liar! Tom jumps to his feet, angry as hell:
53) 36) dialog: I was there! And the knife didn't stab Doc Robinson four times. He was stabbed three times.
53) 40) text: (continuing) Injun Joe and the Doc got into a Fight. Muff tried to break it up and the Doc hit him with a grave marker, knockin' him cold. Tom grabs the Bible and points it at Injun Joe.
53) 41) dialog: Injun Joe took Muff's knife and killed the Doc! It was Injun Joe! Injun Joe leaps up and throws his knife. It whistles through the air. Tom lifts the Bible in front of his face. The knife slams into the Bible -- WHAM! The blade comes out on the other side -- an inch from Tom's nose! The crowd screams. Injun Joe charges across the room. He decks the Prosecutor, elbows the Sheriff, head-butts Dobbins in the nose -- and leaps out the window with a crash. People yell and rush for the exits. Dobbins screams:
55) 0) text: TICK -- TICK -- TICK -- the only sound we hear is the ticking of the grandfather clock in Aunt Polly's sitting room... Aunt Polly is busy with her knitting. Tom sits in a straight chair reading a book about King Arthur's Knights ~~ but he can barely concentrate. Every CREAK, every BUMP triggers his worst fears. His eyes dart from window to window -- this is a boy who is terrified... Sid sits nearby doing his multiplication tables. He's clearly enjoying Tom being spooked.
55) 7) dialog: Shut up, Sid.
55) 9) dialog: {reacting) Hear what?
55) 11) dialog: Where??
55) 16) text: Tom, furious, hurls a brocade pillow at Sid's head. CUT To:
56) 0) text: Tom lies awake in bed, eyes wide, staring into the darkness... Sid is fast asleep in the next bed, snoring away. The wind BLOWS -- a branch SNAPS in the tree outside the bedroom window. Tom practically jumps out of his skin... Out of the corne of his eye, he steals a glance at the tree and sees, standing in the tree... The SILHOUETTE of a man... Tom freezes... Is it his imagination playing tricks on hi again? Ancther SNAP and then, a BUMP... Tom does the only thing he can think of -- he buries his head under the covers...
56) 7) dialog: {catching his breath) Huck -- what are you doing?? 87 Huck shoves the pine shingle in Tom's face -- their oath of secrecy.
56) 9) dialog: Yeah, but Huck...
56) 11) dialog: I had to help Muff. Not to help him woulda been wrong.
56) 13) dialog: Not if it's gonna end up hurtin’ someone.
56) 15) dialog: Huck... Wait.7. But in a flash, Huck is out the window and down the tree... And Tom is left alone in the dark.
56) 17) text: CLOSE on Tom running through a cornfield. Ar first, we think Tom is running from something. Then, we see that he's running toward...
57) 4) dialog: (a shy smile) Hello, Becky. Becky lets out a gasp.
57) 7) dialog: What's wrong? Am I that bad to look at?
57) 9) dialog: {shocked) What? Beéky reacts to his expression.
57) 12) dialog: I think I just got married and divorced at the same time. Before Joe can question this, Old Tim shouts out to all the kids:
59) 3) dialog: (mocking tone) Be careful, Rebecca. Stay to the forechambers with the other children, Rebecca. Becky gives him a look.
59) 8) dialog: I dare ya. That's all she has to hear. Angry, pride taking over, Becky picks up a lantern someone has left on a rock and storms off into the dark tunnel. As Becky enters the tunnel, her look of defiance becomes look of dread, but she doesn't let Tom see it. Tom is surprised by her boldness. And impressed. He follows her. He doesn't hear Old Tim and the other adults calling to all the children.
61) 0) text: Tom and Becky step into an enormous cavern with a small creek running through it. The banks of the creek are encrusted with a frostwork of glittering crystals. Becky is awestruck.
61) 2) dialog: i've been here plenty of times. It's called Satan's Cathedral. Becky gives him a look.
63) 1) dialog: {as he enters; blase) We call it Aladdin's Palace. Becky glares at him. Tom smiles. Then, wanting to impress her, he cups his hands over his mouth.
64) 1) dialog: (continuing) Helloooss! His voice ECHOES across the cavern. cur To:
66) 0) text: Tom and Becky both holler. Their VOICES ECHO and bounce off the walls. They yell louder, having a great time. Suddenly, a loud RUMBLING ricochets around the cavern. Tom stops yelling, a look of concern on his face. Becky yells again. Tom grabs her.
66) 1) dialog: Stop, Becky!
66) 3) dialog: No, Becky -- Too late. A group of huge boulders are jarred loose and CRASH down into the cavern. Tom grabs Becky and pulls her out of the way of the avalanche. cur TO:
69) 0) text: Amid the settled rubble, Tom and Becky see that the way out is sealed off.
69) 2) dialog: Don't you worry, Becky. We'll find a way out. — .
69) 4) dialog: (pointing) This way. They move around a large outcropping of rocks and find a small tunnel. ‘The wind blows their hair. Tom's candle goes out. He takes the lantern from Becky. Tom and Becky look at each other. Becky takes Tom's hand... and they enter the tunnel. cur To: 97
71) 0) text: Tom and Becky run down a spooky passage, yelling:
71) 1) dialog: Help! Help! Can anybody hear us? They round a corner -- and run right over a skeleton. CRUNCHING its bones. Becky screams. Tom guides his candle to illuminate the skeleton. The skeleton is holding-a ‘rusty cutlass and there's an eyepatch still in place over the skull. Tom can't contain his delight.
71) 2) dialog: One:Eye Murrell!
73) 0) text: Tom is carrying Murrell's rusty cutlass as he and Becky come into the next chamber where a waterfall cascades dow from the ceiling and into a black hole.
73) 1) dialog: Well, at least we got water. You thirsty?
73) 2) text: Becky shakes her head "no." She points to the lantern in Tom's hand. The candle inside is almost a stub.
73) 4) dialog: Don't worry, Becky. Everything's gonna be just -- Tom sees something and stops. Behind the waterfall, something seems to be moving. Becky turns to look... ~ Very slowly, something comes through the center of the waterfall. It's a watery face! The water slowly forms around the face, then spreads to reveal...
73) 5) dialog: (continuing) Injun Joe! The waterfall explodes as Injun Joe leaps through it -- carrying a torch which bursts into sparks but continues t burn.
74) 0) text: Tom and Becky run as if chased by the Devil himself. Up ahead is a junction. Tom chooses a direction and they disappear into the darkness. Seconds later, Injun Joe arrives. He stops, cocks his head to one side, trying to hear their FOOTSTEPS. But the ECHOES are confusing here.
75) 5) dialog: (realizing) Number Two! Tom swings the lantern. There is a large rock formation on the far wall, shaped like a cross.
75) 6) dialog: (continuing) Under the cross!
75) 8) dialog: Becky -~ look! 100 She sees it, her heart soaring.
75) 9) dialog: (continuing) Go on. I'm right behind you. Becky scrambles up the incline. Tom runs over to the area under the cross. He sees freshly dug earth. Tom drops to his knees and begins to dig frantically with the rusty cutlass, scooping out dirt until it strikes a hard object The chest. Murrell's treasure. Becky has reached the hole in the ceiling, realizes Tom i still below.
75) 12) dialog: {shouts back) Find your father! Bring him back! Becky hesitates.
75) 14) dialog: Hurry! Becky is gone. Tom grabs the chest, starts to lift it out when he is “struck from behind. Tom goes sprawling. Injun Joe looms over Tom, a wicked grin spreading across his satanic features.
75) 18) dialog: Huck. we ee Injun Joe is on his feet, his knife flashing in the light of the lantern. He gapes at Huck.
75) 26) dialog: Let's see you hit this! Injun Joe whirls around and is horrified to see that Tom is holding the treasure chest over his head, preparing to hurl it over the cliff and into the abyss. Joe lets out a ery from the bottom of his soul...
75) 30) dialog: Did he? (a grin) You don't think I could have lifted that chest with all those coins in it, do you? Tom indicates the spot where he dumped out the entire treasure. The gold and silver coins sparkle. They sparkle almost as brightly as the eyes of Tom and Huck. There is a loud CLAMORfrom above. _ ee
75) 33) dialog: ~ (with pride) Huck Finn! Not only did he save my life but he's one of the two richest boys in the county! Huck looks at Tom in surprise.
75) 35) dialog: {a big grin) You're lookin' at him. Tom steps aside to allow the sun to shine on Murreli’s treasure. As the others gasp, Tom looks at Huck and winks at him. Huck breaks into a big grin -- it's the first time we've ever seen him smile. CuT To: 104
76) 0) text: Nearly the entire town has converged around the hole to the cave... Even Muff Potter is there. Now, Tom and Huck emerge from the hole lugging their gold in sacks. As the boys appear a loud ROAR erupts from the crowd... There is much back slapping and embracing: Tom and Huck; Tom and Aunt Polly; Tom and Becky... Now, the Widow Douglas confronts Huck...
77) 0) text: CAMERA IS CLOSE on the fromt page of the local paper, hanging in the window of the newspaper office. The headline reads: "TOM SAWYER, HERO -- BOYS DISCOVER LOS' R URE.” PULL BACK to reveal Tom looking at the headline. He is all duded up in new clothes, playing the role of reluctan celebrity but loving every minute. We don't see who he’s talking to.
77) 1) dialog: Bein’ a rich hero ain't all it's cracked up to be. (MORE)
77) 3) dialog: -- People after -you all the time... wantin' to meet you and shake your hand... borrow money. You never get no time for yourself. Tom turns away from the headline and saunters down the boardwalk, We WIDEN to show that he's being followed by a group of admirers ~- little kids, not a one of them over five years old. Tom's -£an-club. .
77) 4) dialog: (continuing) Then there's all the social obligations... Judge Thatcher and Becky ride by—in-their—earriages————— Becky calls to Tom:
77) 6) dialog: I'll be there, Becky! But as soon as Becky's out of sight, Tom turns gloomy.
77) 7) dialog: {continuing} And the worst (part -- even Sid is bein' nice to me. (sighs) Tell the truth, if I had it to do over again, I'd rather have my freedom instead of money and fame. Tom catches sight of himself in a window reflection. “TOM (continuing) You wouldn't catch Huck Finn in a silly get-up like this! Tom reaches a decision. He takes off his new jacket, rips off his collar and tie, pulls off his boots and@ socks an thrusts them on the kids.
77) 9) text: Liberated, Tom is off and running toward the hills above Hannibal. . . woe
78) 0) text: Tom is shouting happily as he runs.
79) 0) text: Tom bursts into the clearing and is startled to discover WELL-DRESSED BOY poking through Huck's possessions. _ The -—boy+s -back ~is-turned”t6 CAMERA.
79) 1) dialog: (indignant) Hey! What are yon doin' here? ~
79) 7) dialog: . . The Widow?_.Well, she's okay. But, Huck...
79) 9) dialog: You're givin' this up? Movin. — _ - to town? — ~
79) 11) dialog: The next thing you're gonna tell me is you want to go to school.
79) 14) dialog: (weakly) I gotta sit down. pom lowers himself into Huck's "throne," sadly shaking hi head.
79) 15) dialog: (continuing) ou Huck, you'’re-the last person in the world I ever expected to get civilized.
79) 17) dialog: Oh, Huck... Huck... say it ain't so. -
79) 20) dialog: __ fin_disbelief) — - “  ™ "Church social? Huck nods. Tom snaps. He goes ballistic.
79) 21) dialog: (continuing) That's it! That tears it! You want to turn into a town boy, go ahead. I ain't_gonna stop - you! But I'm stayin’ right here. I'm gonna live here in the open like a free man! And I ain't never goin' back! Somebody's gotta carry on! Tom folds his arms across his chest, determined nor_to . —budge .—Huck -regards “himyhiding a sly smile.
79) 24) dialog: _. -And you know-where to find me! ~ Huck walks off through the trees and down the hill toward Hannibal. Tom watches him, stewing, shaking his head, seething with righteous indignation. Tom turns to the audience, utterly confident:
79) 25) dialog: (continuing) Don't worry. He'll be back. That's when a cold breeze WHISTLES through the trees. Tom shivers, thinking "Winter." He frowns at Huck disappearing down the hill.
79) 28) dialog: continuing) oe at ‘Look at him. He won't stand a chance down there. He'll be lost like a babe in the woods with nobody to show him the tricks. And nobody knows ‘em as good as me. Tom starts to go after Huck, reacts to the audience. — 2 - 6M : - aa (continuing) Don't gimme that look. I'm makin’ a major sacrifice here. Tom runs down the hill calling:
79) 30) dialog: (continuing) Huck! Hey, Huck! Wait up! Huck turns and waits as Tom runs down the hill to join him.
79) 32) dialog: I guess I got to. Somebody's gotta look out for you... Civilization can be a dangerous place...