26) 28) dialog: Listen to me, you pointy-headed ghouls. (MORE)
26) 30) dialog: Muff Potter may be the scum of the earth but he still deserves a fair trial that he gets and I aim to see one. (to Thatcher; demanding) Judge! How soon can you get this show on the road? Even Thatcher is intimidated by the old crone.
26) 32) dialog: a ~~ ~turning her withering gaze on the crowd) Now the rest citizens" go business and job! of you "good about your let the law do its No one wants to get on the wrong side of the Widow. So, with the excitement of a trial to look forward to, the crowd begins to disperse. Dobbins walks away, painfully rubbing his head.
50) 3) dialog: Thomas Sawyer...! Tom looks up to find the Widow Douglas peering down on hi from her smart carriage.
50) 5) dialog: What's wrong with you, boy?
50) 6) dialog: Nothing?! Then get your chin eff your chest. A boy your age shouldn't be moping about. You look pathetic...
50) 8) dialog: Well, buck up -- enjoy your youth while you've got it... (moving on} It doesn't get any easier, I promise you that... Widow Douglas drives off leaving Tom to contemplate the ominous prospects.
53) 0) text: Packed to the rafters. Familiar faces include Polly, Mary, Sid, Becky, Schoolmaster Dobbins, Emmett, the Sheriff, the Widow Douglas, and Injun Joe. Tom sneaks into the back of the room and looks around. Muff Potter, haggard and hopeless, sits in chains next to his DEFENSE LAWYER. Injun Joe sits with the other witnesses. Judge Thatcher presides from behind his bench. The PROSECUTOR, a man with an irritating theatrical flair displays Muffts knife as he questions the Welshman.
76) 0) text: Nearly the entire town has converged around the hole to the cave... Even Muff Potter is there. Now, Tom and Huck emerge from the hole lugging their gold in sacks. As the boys appear a loud ROAR erupts from the crowd... There is much back slapping and embracing: Tom and Huck; Tom and Aunt Polly; Tom and Becky... Now, the Widow Douglas confronts Huck...
76) 1) dialog: Young man, what's to become of you? Have you begun to think about your future?
76) 3) dialog: Well, you've got one now and you'd best begin.