27) 5) text: It takes a few beats for Wills to put it together. He smi realizing that her presence at Elysium wasn't a coinciden She smiles back, sweetly, coyly. ON THE PERIMETER, FIND TWO RICH WOMEN, 40's, too thin, to lifted, watching Wills and Charlotte waltz. They stand with LISA, 23, unassuming, fair-haired, simply dressed.
27) 7) text: Pause. Lisa looks at her, feigning naivety.
27) 8) dialog: The C-list?
27) 11) dialog: Why do you say that?
27) 13) text: The women share a laugh. Lisa, slightly discomposed, look back at Wills and Charlotte.
28) 17) text: She flings her wrap onto a chair and keeps dancing. Wills charmed senseless, finally surrenders. A SEQUENCE BEGINS during which we see WILLS and CHARLOTTE having an inordinately good time. Wills maintains a modic of reserve; Charlotte is joyful and entirely unembarrasse CERTAIN GUESTS NOTICE THEM. The reactions to their pairin runs from confusion to disgust to amusement. But no one watches them more carefully than Lisa. Finally, in the middle of a song, Wills and Charlotte mak their way off the floor, winded and laughing. Wills heads off to the bar. Charlotte turns around and watches the ot dancers. Then we notice Lisa standing next to her. They smile at e other. Lisa offers her a cocktail napkin. Charlotte takes and wipes off her brow. They speak above the music --
28) 18) dialog: I had to come. I work at the Met.  What's your excuse?
28) 20) dialog: With Wills Keane, right?
28) 22) dialog: Just by reputation.
28) 24) dialog: That's what they say. (beat) I'm Lisa.
28) 26) text: They shake hands. Lisa looks away and sees Wills making h way toward them with two glasses of punch. Coolly covering, Lisa beats a hasty retreat --
28) 27) dialog: Anyway, I should keep mingling. But  it was nice to meet you.
28) 29) text: Lisa smiles politely and walks away. Wills walks up, watching Lisa melt into the crowd. His br is furrowed. He's wondering if his eyes have deceived him He hands Charlotte a punch --
52) 0) text: Flipping through a stack of postcards he has just purchas Wills waits for Charlotte to come out of the ladies room. He idly glances up as a STREAM OF TOURISTS moves past. He about to look away when his eye catches someone. It is Lisa, the young woman who spoke to Charlotte at the benefit. Around her neck she wears a chain bearing a Met  employee photograph I.D. She carries a take-out coffee. Wills FOLLOWS HER, agitated and curious. He sees her pass through a set of glass doors into the Wa Research Library. He hurries over to the doors just in time to see her disa behind a bank of card catalogues. Wills notices a sign at the door that forbids entry to th public. He hesitates, then enters. He speaks to the first person he sees -- a ROTUND FEMALE  LIBRARIAN IN HER 60'S. He stops and asks a question about Lisa. She nods. Wills is shaken by the answer. He stares into the middle  distance, wondering what to do, his mind racing. The librarian, a little nervous now, reminds him that he not allowed in the library. He snaps to, thanks her, and  moves away. But then he stops, takes out a BUSINESS CARD, and returns the librarian. He is about to hand it to her, but then he thinks better of it. Flustered, he thanks her again and exits. The librarian l after him, confused and a little apprehensive.
86) 0) text: Wills bursts in and freezes. A WOMAN stands across the wa studying an oil painting. She turns quickly. It's LISA. S sees his excited expression fall. Beneath her rather comp facade, Lisa is a chaos of conflicting emotions --
86) 1) dialog: Sorry to disappoint you.
86) 3) dialog: Well, I didn't expect you to show up  at my job.
86) 5) dialog: My boss thought you were a stalker.
86) 7) dialog: But you did.
86) 9) dialog: So you got my letter. What'd you do?  Freak out? Burn it?
86) 11) dialog: I was just blowing off some steam,  okay? I think I have the right.
86) 13) dialog: (uneasily) No. I didn't plan to come. Peter...  my husband... he agrees. He thinks  it's a futile exercise. But it turns  out I'm pregnant. Just a few months,  but --
86) 16) dialog: Thanks. Anyway, I guess it made me  want to meet you. I've been a little  sentimental about parent-hood.
86) 18) dialog: In a lousy absentee sorta way, sure.
86) 21) dialog: Great. Nuts. She moved to Costa Rica  last summer.
86) 23) dialog: A guy, what else? He owns a charter  airline and wears sunglasses indoors.  I think he might be a gunrunner.
86) 24) text: Wills chuckles. For the first time, Lisa relaxes enough t take him in.
86) 25) dialog: You know, you're much better looking  in person than in photographs. I  always assumed Mom was exaggerating,  but she wasn't.
86) 27) text: Lisa smiles, and, much to her embarrassment, tears come t her eyes. She shakes her head at how absurd she is, treas kind words from a father she doesn't know.
86) 28) dialog: Anyway... I should go...
86) 30) dialog: I really just wanted to meet you  and... maybe... I don't know...
86) 33) dialog: Nothing earth-shattering. Maybe just  to hear you say you were sorry.
86) 37) dialog: Okay. Thanks.
86) 41) dialog: Before... when you came in... who  did you think I was?
86) 43) dialog: You must like her an awful lot.
110) 2) text: He takes a deep breath to keep himself from crying. ANGLE ON LISA, his daughter, sitting on the couch, listen her face unreadable --
110) 3) dialog: What is it?
110) 6) dialog: I'd be happy to do it.
110) 8) dialog: Dad, I'm really sorry she's sick.
110) 10) text: Lisa, flooded with compassion, wants to go to him, comfor him, but she stays where she is.
118) 0) text: Lisa's face is flushed with excitement --
118) 1) dialog: I've got him!
119) 1) dialog: His name's Tom Grandy. Harvard  undergrad. Columbia Medical School.  He's at the Cleveland Clinic. I know,  I know. But don't laugh. It's one of  the best in the world.
120) 1) dialog: He did his residency at the Brigham  in Boston... his cardiac surgery  training at Cleveland.
121) 1) dialog: He was so good they kept him on and  within three years he was chief of  the program.
122) 1) dialog: He travels a lot. Spends lots of  time lecturing. I got you an  appointment tomorrow at twelve-thirty.  Don't be late. He only has fifteen  minutes.
123) 1) dialog: The surgeon that recommended him  said, and these are his words not  mine, "Don't let his appearance fool  you. He's brilliant and has balls  the size of your head."
150) 0) text: A COUPLE walks down the same walkway. They are deep in su conversation. All around them spring is in full glory. Me snow. Trees exploding with green. Birds singing. The man is Wills Keane, but he has markedly changed. His  dress is not so impeccable, his hair has gone grey at the temples. His face, though still beautiful, has gracefully turned the corner into middle age. Walking at his side is his daughter, Lisa, now well along her pregnancy --
150) 1) dialog: Actually, to be honest, Peter's more  than a little freaked. I mean, how  could he not be? He's twenty-six.  His first child. A baby girl, no  less. Nothing really prepares you  for it.
150) 3) dialog: He said it's the first time since we  got married that he's actually  realized what marriage is. That it's  forever. That he can't just pick up  and run away to Nepal or something  if we have a fight. That he's part  of the cycle of things now. That  he's gonna die some day. That it's  the next generation's turn to take  the stage.
151) 0) text: Wills and Lisa walk together in silence, enjoying the per afternoon. Then Lisa smiles crookedly and slaps his shoul
151) 1) dialog: So what about you, Mr. Keane? You  ready to be a grandpa?