20) 0) text: Surrounded by swarming PARENTS and KIDS, Wills stands wit John, the manager of Elysium, and his wife, SARAH VOLPE, who, gazing out of frame, keeps a watchful eye on their k
20) 3) dialog: Sure, if his folks could have afforded  it.
20) 5) dialog: (looking around) Oh, is that what that is? I figured  there was a dirty diaper somewhere.
20) 8) dialog: So much for that turned leaf.
20) 12) dialog: "She's young. She's hot. I'm on the  verge of menopause. Why not go for  it?"
20) 13) text: Wills and Sarah meet eyes.
20) 15) text: Sarah shakes her head.
20) 19) text: John scoops both his daughters up in his arms and kisses  them repeatedly. Wills watches, his eyes filling with a vague, wistful env He sees Sarah staring at him. She smiles sympathetically.
61) 0) text: John's wife, Sarah, dressed as QUEEN ELIZABETH, walks thr the crowd, picking up empty glasses and bottles. As she moves among COSTUMED GUESTS and their CHILDREN, we notice a few of Elysium's customers and staff, including  Celia, dressed as GLINDA, talking to the maitre d', Jesus dressed as a COWBOY --
62) 4) text: The boy, choking with laughter, plunges his face into the water again. Sarah enters and calls out over the din --
62) 5) dialog: Where're the girls? I thought you  were tucking them in!
62) 7) text: Sarah, smiling curiously, heads to the back stairwell. She sees Wills standing there. Watching the kids, his eye are filled with the same sort of wistful yearning that sh noticed at the toy store -- She gives him an affectionate poke in the stomach as she  passes by and disappears upstairs. Finally, the boy grabs the apple in his teeth and lifts h soaked head to the cheers of his friends. Then he grabs it out of his mouth and begins taking big b out of it until he uncovers a SILVER DOLLAR. Wills laughs at the kids' excitement. A moment later a WO GLOVED HANDS cover his eyes.
63) 0) text: Sarah stops silently at an AJAR DOOR and looks inside.  Charlotte sits on a bed between the twin girls who are ne up against her --
63) 6) text: Charlotte looks up and sees Sarah, who face is beaming wi affection. They share a smile and Charlotte keeps recitin
63) 8) text: Sarah eases the door shut and steps away.
64) 0) text: THE CAMERA makes a CIRCUIT of the THINNING CROWD. Sarah b out candles, dumps ash trays, and collects empties. Charlotte, rubbing a knuckle into her sleepy eye, descend the stairs. She sees Celia talking to Jesus, and walks ov to them --
64) 3) dialog: (from across the room) They're down?
97) 0) text: Wills sits with John, Sarah, and the twins at a plastic t overrun with food, wrappers, and squashed condiment tubes Sarah speaks to Wills --
97) 1) dialog: Judge you? Why would I? Screw the  age difference -- I like the new  you! Before Charlotte came along, do  you have any idea how hard it was to  get you to sit down for a Happy Meal?
97) 9) dialog: (aside to Wills) It means funny and pretty. It's their  highest compliment.
97) 17) dialog: Yeah, what is it?
146) 0) text: Everyone is there now -- John, Sarah, Celia, Simon, Dolor and Shannon. Wills enters silently. He walks to the new  arrivals and greets each one with an embrace.
148) 0) text: Shannon lies with her head in Sarah's lap. Dolores, ignoring the sign, smokes a cigarette. John and Celia sit side-by-side in silence. Wills stands at the window. He looks over and see Simon  standing close by. Simon looks at him, his eyes sad but e calm. Wills shakes his head --