15) 2) text: Charlotte blows hard, and, with a little more effort than you might expect, extinguishes the candles. Everyone APPL and CHEERS. To Charlotte's right sits SIMON LORING, late 20's, Englis sardonic, adoring. He gestures at her CHEST and says --
15) 3) dialog: Watch carefully, everyone -- they  ought to begin emerging any moment  now.
15) 6) dialog: Oh, darling, you know I would if I  could.
15) 24) text: Noticing Charlotte's distraction, Simon whispers calmly t her --
15) 25) dialog: Are you feeling all right? You look  positively green.
15) 29) text: Both Shannon and Simon turn to look, but like lightning  Charlotte grabs them both --
15) 31) dialog: How will I know him?
15) 33) dialog: Really? (getting up) If he's rich you might have a fight  on your hands.
15) 34) text: Charlotte watches furtively as Simon rises from his chair and walks over. As he passes Wills, he flashes him a sedu smile. Wills is confused by it.
15) 70) text: Wills turns to exit. Simon, returning to his seat, murmur seductively to Wills as he passes by --
15) 71) dialog: Leaving so soon?
15) 72) text: Wills looks at him, confused again, then continues on. As Simon sits, he mutters to Charlotte --
15) 73) dialog: Be still my beating heart. (beat) Or is that your heart?
37) 0) text: Charlotte searches amid the chaos of models dressing and  undressing. Finally, she spots them. FIND SIMON AND SHANNON styling a BLACK FEMALE MODEL in a  tank top and fatigues. He applies a finishing touch, adjusting the tilt of the  model's baseball cap. Shannon, lacing the girl's boots, w as Simon's assistant.
38) 2) dialog: I think what Miss Harris is trying  to say, is that you've strained her  credulity.
38) 6) dialog: So I've been told.
38) 7) text: Simon high-fives her instead. The girls laugh.
43) 0) text: Simon lounges on the bed. Charlotte stands before a full- length mirror, trying on a dress.
43) 1) dialog: It really is uncanny. I tell you, in  that dress you're the spitting image  of Michel Simon.
43) 3) dialog: A French character actor, long dead,  who was not only hideous and fat,  but quite male.
43) 5) text: Simon nods. Charlotte takes off the dress.
78) 0) text: Dark, smoky, and boisterous. FIND CHARLOTTE, standing wit Simon. She looks around disgustedly and shouts above the  roar --
78) 2) dialog: That's just it! The great spiritual  benefit in leaving one's room is  that it reminds one of how odious it  is to leave one's room!
78) 8) dialog: There's one thing you don't know  about Mr. Keane and his adultery and  as painful as it is I feel that I  should tell you!
78) 10) dialog: That woman on the roof? That was no  ex-girlfriend! In fact, no woman at  all. It was I, Simon Loring, master  of disguise! Willsy and I have moved  in together!
104) 0) text: Wills sits across from Simon who strokes Shannon's back a she weeps --
104) 4) dialog: Well, I think I speak for all of us  when I say that we've heard quite  enough from Dolores.
104) 5) text: Dolores chuckles. Simon continues to Wills --
104) 6) dialog: Now, correct me if I'm wrong, but I  believe what you're saying is that  while the end may be in sight, it  has not yet arrived.
104) 8) dialog: Then why exactly have you called us  here?
104) 10) dialog: I cut short a lunch date, Shannon's  missing her low-impact aerobics class,  and Dolores has delayed the start of  her happy hour -- surely you must  have had good reason.
104) 12) dialog: It is. You could have told me all  about it on the telephone.
104) 14) dialog: Charlotte loathes comfortable. I  never sought to bore her with comfort  while she was well, why should I  start now that she's sick?
104) 15) text: Wills stares at Simon, his face ashen and full of contemp
104) 17) dialog: It's a pose that I've cultivated. (beat) I chose it, as a sort of smoke screen,  some time after attending my twentieth  funeral in as many months.
104) 20) dialog: It's quite all right. But, honestly,  it shocks me how often you people  forget. Our phone books have as many  numbers crossed out as written in.  So that while death is certainly as  painful to us as it is to you, we do  not find it nearly so...  extraordinary. (beat) Don't misunderstand me. I adore  Charlotte and when she dies, I  would... were it not already in that  state... cry my heart dry.
104) 21) text: Shannon looks at Simon and burst into tears again. Simon  holds her even closer, rubbing her back.
141) 0) text: Wills comforts Shannon. Dolores looks up and sees Simon  standing in the doorway. Then a CORONARY CARE NURSE appea She asks to speak to Wills.
146) 0) text: Everyone is there now -- John, Sarah, Celia, Simon, Dolor and Shannon. Wills enters silently. He walks to the new  arrivals and greets each one with an embrace.
148) 0) text: Shannon lies with her head in Sarah's lap. Dolores, ignoring the sign, smokes a cigarette. John and Celia sit side-by-side in silence. Wills stands at the window. He looks over and see Simon  standing close by. Simon looks at him, his eyes sad but e calm. Wills shakes his head --
148) 2) dialog: I've had friends who weren't expected  to last till morning who lived another  seven years. Another ran a marathon  and died the next weekend. It's all  so terribly random the way life  actually works. I take nothing for  granted.
148) 5) text: But then Wills hears something. He turns and there's Gran at the end of the long hall, walking toward the waiting r Simon looks and sees him, too. Wills looks at Simon with alarm. It's impossible. How cou Grandy be finished so soon? Wills looks back at Grandy.