6) 0) text: Bruce is playing basketball in the driveway. Sweat drips his cheek, beads up on his forehead. He’s got some nice m - no stranger to a good pickup game in the park. Eli and Janey are also on the court. Bruce teaches Eli how to sho free throws. Janey is riding a pink bicycle with training wheels.
11) 0) text: Laney, Eli and Janey run toward the school building. They don’t want to be late. Eli’s backpack is twice his size. Janey’s is pink with a princess on it.
12) 0) text: Laney, Eli and Janey are waiting in a shallow line in the office. Laney spots Susan and her son HENRY. Susan is pro wearing an official looking laminate around her neck.
35) 0) text: It’s visiting day. The room is filled with VISITORS. Zack sits close to a beautiful, wholesome, blond. He tucks a l of hair behind her ear. Laney watches the exchange. Janey and Eli are in line for dessert. Bruce and Laney ar sitting at a table. Some time has passed. Laney looks muc better, clear eyed. Bruce pushes his food around with his fork.
41) 6) dialog: Okay. INT. MR. ODESKY’S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS 59 Mr. Odesky motions for Laney and Bruce to sit.
42) 3) dialog: Me! Laney smiles. She takes Eli’s hand, Bruce and Janey follo
43) 0) text: Bruce, Laney, Eli and Janey are walking to the car. Laney Eli still holding hands.
58) 4) text: 82 83 Pink (03/02/2014) 89. MRS. MATTINGLY (CONT’D) It was Beethoven’s eyes, not his ears that conveyed the symphony’s triumph. Now let’s use our eyes and ears while we welcome Eli Brooks to the stage. Eli will be performing the final movement of the Ninth. The Ode to Joy. Eli, all three-foot nine walks up on stage as the audienc politely claps. He takes a seat at the piano. He composes his hands properly but doesn’t begin. This is gut wrenchi His eyes start twitching, his mouth is turning. Laney hol her breath, eyes wide in anticipation.
59) 1) dialog: Mom. Mooooocoocom!
59) 4) dialog: Mom! Eli enters the bathroom first, followed by Janey and Bing Laney pretends to be looking for something.
63) 0) text: Laney stumbles to her car. She looks for her keys but can find them. She reaches for her iPhone. Her screen saver i an adorable photo of Eli and Janey. We see Laney’s reflection on the screen. Tears rolling down her cheeks. presses the button in her contacts that says, “Valley Cab EXT. LANEY’S STREET - DAWN 93 Laney’s in the back seat of a taxi cab, her face black an blue, dried blood. She’s a mess. We pass the same tall tr painted fences that we passed in the opening scene. The t slows to a stop in front of her house. It’s early morning All the lights are off. Laney opens the taxi door.