4) 17) dialog: Daddy, Bingo was crying.
4) 19) dialog: We rescued him from the pound!
4) 21) dialog: But he was crying. I think he needs you Mommy. Janey passes Bingo into Laney’s arms.
6) 0) text: Bruce is playing basketball in the driveway. Sweat drips his cheek, beads up on his forehead. He’s got some nice m - no stranger to a good pickup game in the park. Eli and Janey are also on the court. Bruce teaches Eli how to sho free throws. Janey is riding a pink bicycle with training wheels.
11) 0) text: Laney, Eli and Janey run toward the school building. They don’t want to be late. Eli’s backpack is twice his size. Janey’s is pink with a princess on it.
12) 0) text: Laney, Eli and Janey are waiting in a shallow line in the office. Laney spots Susan and her son HENRY. Susan is pro wearing an official looking laminate around her neck.
12) 16) dialog: Me too, Mommy.
12) 18) dialog: I’m sure. Mrs. Kosinski reaches out her hand, Janey takes it.
17) 13) dialog: Fun!
17) 18) dialog: Your phone is ringing, Mommy.
18) 0) text: Laney turns into her driveway she gets out of the car and opens the door. Eli unbuckles and hurries past. Laney sco Janey up into her arms. She carries her to the front door
18) 2) dialog: Yes.
18) 6) dialog: (giggling) Mommy! Stop!
19) 19) dialog: Me too. Everyone gets a kick out of Janey’s zeal.
23) 0) text: Laney makes her way down the hallway. She’s not in great shape. She grabs onto a wall and steadies herself. Continues. She opens Eli’s door, enters. INT. ELI’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS 32 Laney sits at the foot of his bed and watches him sleep f moment. She gets up, walks to... INT. JANEY’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS 33 Laney peeks her head in, the little girl is fast asleep. Laney eyes her childhood teddy bear sitting on the shelf Janey’s bed - battered, one eye missing. She takes it fro the shelf, lies down on the floor. 34 35 36 Pink (03/02/2014) 29, Face to face with the bear, Laney kisses it. She looks at again before she places it between her legs, eases onto i her crotch against the bear’s nose. She focuses on the fa picture next to Janey’s bed. She starts rocking back and forth, eyes closed. This is a disturbing scene although L masturbating is actually less troubling than her desperat for connection. The quivering stops, Laney pulls the bear from under her, rolls onto her back. Glow-in-the-dark plastic stars glitt on the ceiling. A combination of emotion and drugs overta her. INT. HALLWAY LEADING TO MASTER BEDROOM — CONTINUOUS 34 Laney moves slowly down the hall into her bedroom.
35) 0) text: It’s visiting day. The room is filled with VISITORS. Zack sits close to a beautiful, wholesome, blond. He tucks a l of hair behind her ear. Laney watches the exchange. Janey and Eli are in line for dessert. Bruce and Laney ar sitting at a table. Some time has passed. Laney looks muc better, clear eyed. Bruce pushes his food around with his fork.
35) 21) dialog: They have chocolate cake and brownies daddy! I like it here! Bruce pulls Janey onto his lap, a human shield. Laney fig the tears and musters a fake smile for Janey. Bruce meets Laney’s eyes, but he has to look away.
36) 0) text: Laney is holding Eli’s hand as they walk down a path towa the parking lot. (Eli has his huge knapsack on his back.) Bruce and Janey are walking ahead of them.
40) 0) text: Laney and Janey are icing a cake. There is a fire in the fireplace. It’s a lovely and traditional scene. Janey is wearing a nightgown. Eli is wearing a Knicks Jersey. Bing trying to jump up, looking for attention.
40) 3) dialog: It’s not the way I pictured it. It’s not perfect. Janey is getting really upset. Laney bends down, wraps he arms around her.
40) 5) dialog: No it’s not. Pink (03/02/2014) 52. Janey begins sobbing. Laney tries to calm her down. Eli w over, puts his arm around his sister’s shoulder. Laney lo at him unsure, desperate almost.
40) 12) dialog: Really?
40) 14) dialog: Okay. Bruce leans over the cake and purposely puts his nose in frosting. Janey starts giggling.
40) 16) dialog: Daddy!
40) 18) dialog: Your nose! Pink (03/02/2014) 53.
40) 20) dialog: I want to smell it! Janey sticks her nose in the frosting. Bruce motions to h nose.
40) 22) dialog: What?
40) 24) dialog: What? Laney comes over, aware of the fun.
40) 26) dialog: Yes! Smell it mommy! It smells great! Laney leans over to smell the cake, Bruce pushes her head into it a little further, teasingly. Laney has frosting covering her nose and a bit of her face.
40) 29) dialog: Mommy !
40) 33) dialog: Sort of.
40) 36) dialog: Yes. Bruce lights the candle, which lights up Janey’s face. He crying fades.
40) 39) dialog: Down in my heart, I’m gonna let it shine. Down in my heart, I’m gonna let it shine. Bruce takes Janey’s hand and pulls her off the bar stool. starts to dance with her. She smiles. Laney turns to Eli, waves him over. He resists, hands in pockets. She waves him over again. This time he comes. BRUCE, LANEY AND JANEY (CONT’D) Down in my heart, I’m gonna let it shine, let it shine, let it shine let it shine. Now they are all dancing in the kitchen by candlelight. L takes a swipe of icing off her nose and puts it on Eli’s. They are all laughing. Bruce puts his arm around Laney, l her nose playfully, they continue to dance. PULL BACK: The camera begins to pull back revealing the glowing kitchen, the family is dancing, their voices fade
41) 0) text: Laney is standing in the hallway just outside the element school guidance councilor’s office. She is wearing her pa badge around her neck, Janey next to her is wearing her tiara. Eli and Bruce are playing with his iPhone. A mom i passing through the hallway.
41) 6) dialog: Okay. INT. MR. ODESKY’S OFFICE - CONTINUOUS 59 Mr. Odesky motions for Laney and Bruce to sit.
42) 0) text: Eli is reading “The Three Little Pigs” to Janey.
42) 3) dialog: Me! Laney smiles. She takes Eli’s hand, Bruce and Janey follo
43) 0) text: Bruce, Laney, Eli and Janey are walking to the car. Laney Eli still holding hands.
43) 4) dialog: Drugs are bad mommy.
43) 6) dialog: Eli doesn’t have a goat.
44) 4) dialog: I want the pink one please.
46) 0) text: It’s bedtime. Janey’s wearing an adorable nightgown. Jane snuggles beneath the covers.
46) 1) dialog: I have a wish.
46) 3) dialog: I can’t tell it to you.
46) 5) dialog: Because it won’t come true.
46) 7) dialog: I don’t remember.
46) 9) dialog: The ‘Mommy Clause?’
46) 11) dialog: Good. 65 Pink (03/02/2014) 65. Janey throws her arms around Laney’s shoulders.
46) 12) dialog: I wish you would love me forever.
46) 14) dialog: Forever?
46) 16) dialog: Are you going somewhere?
46) 18) dialog: No! Don’t go! I don’t want you to leave! Janey goes from 0 to 60 in a second. A full blown tantrum ensues.
46) 20) dialog: No! No! Don’t leave me! Mommy! Stay here! Bruce has obviously heard the screaming and he appears in doorway wearing a suit. Janey throws her arms around Lane if she can stop her- all the while screaming and crying. Laney looks to Bruce for help, Bruce let’s out a deep sig frustration.
46) 21) dialog: You can’t leave me mommy!
58) 0) text: Laney parks her bag next to her, looks around and feels t emptiness. Janey’s ballet outfit it on the bench, Eli’s backpack. Laney walks into the family room. Slow but deliberate. INT./EXT. LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS 80c Laney turns on a table lamp and gazes at a few photograph her family on the table next to it. She walks over to the window, looks at the basketball court. It’s empty but for ball and Janey’s pink bike. 81 Pink (03/02/2014) 88. INT. PIANO RECITAL — DAY 81 Modest suburban living-room, upright piano, folding chair Eli is wearing a navy sports coat over a Knicks jersey. J plays with her Barbie doll. Laney glances out the window then back to Eli who is doing his eye ritual, blinking ha He seems to have added a new step - he twists his mouth, holds his lips in a tight squeeze, waits a beat, releases then again. A young girl SABRINA (age 10) finishes her recital piece. The AUDIENCE claps. MRS. MATTINGLY (30's), Eli's piano teacher, steps to the front of the room. She gives Sabrina a hug.
58) 2) dialog: Daddy! She grabs his hand in an effort to lead him to their seat but he doesn’t follow. Instead he scoops her up onto his Ostensibly he doesn’t want to interrupt Mrs. Mattingly bu truth he doesn’t want to be near his wife. Mrs. Mattingly sees him politely sitting in the back.
58) 8) dialog: Why are you crying Mommy?
58) 13) dialog: Hot chocolate?
58) 15) dialog: With marshmallows. Bruce glances at Laney. Her smile belies her anxiety.
59) 1) dialog: Mom. Mooooocoocom!
59) 4) dialog: Mom! Eli enters the bathroom first, followed by Janey and Bing Laney pretends to be looking for something.
59) 6) dialog: Mommy! What’s wrong with mommy? EXT. DRIVEWAY - DAY -— CONTINUOUS 85 Laney runs out the front door and speeds off.
63) 0) text: Laney stumbles to her car. She looks for her keys but can find them. She reaches for her iPhone. Her screen saver i an adorable photo of Eli and Janey. We see Laney’s reflection on the screen. Tears rolling down her cheeks. presses the button in her contacts that says, “Valley Cab EXT. LANEY’S STREET - DAWN 93 Laney’s in the back seat of a taxi cab, her face black an blue, dried blood. She’s a mess. We pass the same tall tr painted fences that we passed in the opening scene. The t slows to a stop in front of her house. It’s early morning All the lights are off. Laney opens the taxi door.
65) 0) text: Laney opens a cabinet and grabs two brown lunch bags. She reaches into a drawer and grabs two bags of organic chips a loaf of bread. 96 Pink (03/02/2014) 97. She opens the fridge, takes out two slices of American cheese, two apples, two juice boxes... Her gestures are steady and precise. Laney is on a mission: she is going t make her children lunch. She makes the sandwiches, cuts off the crusts, slices the into fours, wraps them in tinfoil. Tears roll down her cheeks. She peels the apples, cuts them into bites, rubs with lemon so they won’t brown and places them in a Ziplo She takes out a box of crayons and writes “JANEY” in bubb letters on one lunch bag and “ELI” on the other. She decorates Janey’s bag with hearts and flowers and Eli’s b with basketballs and stars. The scene is tense and heartbreaking. Laney looks around the kitchen. There it is -- her life i full. Toys, photographs, school pictures pasted to the refrigerator, schedules and children’s artwork tacked to cork board. It’s time to go. Laney walks towards the front door, Bing follows. But before she leaves she gets down on her knees kisses him. When she stands up she sees Bruce leaning aga the banister. He looks at Laney with sadness and resignat
65) 1) dialog: Daddy? Bruce hangs his head down, as if Laney’s battered face is slap to his own.
65) 2) dialog: Daddy? Laney looks up the stairs, then to Bruce.