58) 0) text: Laney parks her bag next to her, looks around and feels t emptiness. Janey’s ballet outfit it on the bench, Eli’s backpack. Laney walks into the family room. Slow but deliberate. INT./EXT. LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS 80c Laney turns on a table lamp and gazes at a few photograph her family on the table next to it. She walks over to the window, looks at the basketball court. It’s empty but for ball and Janey’s pink bike. 81 Pink (03/02/2014) 88. INT. PIANO RECITAL — DAY 81 Modest suburban living-room, upright piano, folding chair Eli is wearing a navy sports coat over a Knicks jersey. J plays with her Barbie doll. Laney glances out the window then back to Eli who is doing his eye ritual, blinking ha He seems to have added a new step - he twists his mouth, holds his lips in a tight squeeze, waits a beat, releases then again. A young girl SABRINA (age 10) finishes her recital piece. The AUDIENCE claps. MRS. MATTINGLY (30's), Eli's piano teacher, steps to the front of the room. She gives Sabrina a hug.
58) 1) dialog: Let’s give Sabrina another round of applause. Laney hears a car door slam. She looks out the window and sees Bruce, still with rolling bag, just in time. He walk in, scans the room. There is an empty seat next to Laney he chooses to take a seat in the back. Janey sees him and leaps down the aisle.
58) 3) dialog: It’s okay Bruce. This isn’t Carnegie Hall. Go sit with your family. As Bruce makes his way down the aisle we see Laney and El slide over to make room for him. Bruce sits down next to Eli, Janey on his lap. He puts his arm around his son’s shoulder. Eli is twitching away. Laney and Bruce barely m eye contact. MRS. MATTINGLY (CONT’D) So much has been written about Beethoven's deafness but my favorite story is this one. After the first performance of The Ninth, Beethoven stared blankly at his orchestra. A thoughtful musician, realizing he couldn’t hear the clapping, turned Beethoven around to face the audience. (MORE )
58) 4) text: 82 83 Pink (03/02/2014) 89. MRS. MATTINGLY (CONT’D) It was Beethoven’s eyes, not his ears that conveyed the symphony’s triumph. Now let’s use our eyes and ears while we welcome Eli Brooks to the stage. Eli will be performing the final movement of the Ninth. The Ode to Joy. Eli, all three-foot nine walks up on stage as the audienc politely claps. He takes a seat at the piano. He composes his hands properly but doesn’t begin. This is gut wrenchi His eyes start twitching, his mouth is turning. Laney hol her breath, eyes wide in anticipation.