27) 0) text: Bruce’s car pulls into the circular drive of BLUE HILL HOSPITAL. Front and center is a sign that says “BLUE HILL HOSPITAL Managing Mental Health Since 1954”. A no nonsens NURSE PAULINE (early 50's) is waiting for Laney by the hospital entrance. It suddenly dawns on Laney that she’s entering rehab. Bruce pulls up to the sign that says “new patients”. Laney looks at the hospital, at Pauline and finally at Bruce.
28) 1) dialog: Empty your bag please. Nurse Pauline isn’t mean, in fact she’s pleasant. Laney d her belongings onto the mattress. Clothes and personal items, red lollipops scattered among it all. Nurse Paulin takes her make-up bag, her phone, her blow dryer, two bel she inspects a winter scarf before she takes it, takes he shoelaces out of her sneakers. She opens a pocket inside Laney’s bag and pulls out two bottles of prescriptions an pack of cigarettes. She tosses the cigarettes back down o the bed.
28) 2) dialog: You can keep these, you’ll get the rest back when you leave.
28) 4) dialog: The Ambien has to go. And the Xanax. Sorry, Honey. For now you just get to sit back and enjoy the ride. Nurse Pauline turns Laney’s bag inside and out to make su she doesn’t miss any secret hiding spots.
28) 5) dialog: I’1l need your bra too Honey.
28) 7) dialog: Another nurse will be in soon to take your blood and your vitals. You can spend as much time as you like in here or you can go to the lounge, there’s coffee, tea and TV. I suggest you try to sleep and drink as much water as you can. We'll check on you through the night just to make sure everything’s okay. Any questions?
28) 9) dialog: We'll give him regular updates. The nurse gives her a sympathetic look. She’s done this a million times but it’s never easy, she knows the pain tha about to follow.
28) 10) dialog: You'll do great. I’1l check on you later. INT. BLUE HILL - LANEY’S ROOM - DAY 40 A series of shots of Laney in her room, laying on her bed rolling over, sweating, itching. She ventures into the lounge.
30) 0) text: Back in the lounge she spots Nurse Pauline. Laney rushes over to her in a panic.
30) 2) dialog: Your doctor will help you with that when you see him hon. 44 45 Pink (03/02/2014) 35.
30) 4) dialog: The first 48 hours are the worst.
30) 6) dialog: Take it easy. Why don’t you go back to your room and get some rest. This is the hard part hon. You’1l feel better soon. Laney is shaking, fidgeting, pissed off, sweating. She ta a deep breath, the nurse puts her arm around Laney’s shou to escort her back to her room. Laney throws her arm off.
30) 8) dialog: Okay, hon.
38) 0) text: Laney says goodbye to Nurse Pauline and gives her a heart hug. Zack walks over.