52) 3) dialog: Sweetheart you have to ask who it is before you open the door. Laney stares at Daisy for a moment before she turns her g to Roger who is walking toward the door. Awkward silence. takes him second but then he realizes - takes a breath an instinctively puts a protective arm around Daisy's should the way one would do when confronted by a stranger.
52) 4) dialog: Elaine? Roger is silent, staring in amazement. Daisy looks up to in confusion.
52) 6) dialog: Uh-come in. What a surprise. Uh Daisy-this is Elaine. She’s- Laney reaches her hand out to shake Daisy’s.
52) 14) dialog: Yellow with blue shutters. Laney looks at her father. A moment is had between them. Laney collects the wooden family members. One by one she brings them into the living room, seats them on the couch The mother in her checkered apron, the father, daughter between them, baby in bassinet.
52) 18) dialog: All these laws- all this PC garbage to keep your kid safe. The helmets, the car seats, the this and that. They didn’t have that when you were a kid and look at you! You got through it just fine.
52) 20) dialog: She loves that bike. Got it for her eighth birthday. (pause) I was right about her age when I hit my first home run. I was so excited I ran all the way home from school. Completely out of my mind. P-O-P. Brought in three runs. Roger never takes his eyes off Daisy.
52) 21) dialog: Daisy! Slow down around the corners honey. You’re gonna fall. Daisy slows down.
52) 22) dialog: I took the stairs two at a time, 'Ma!' I shouted, 'Ma!' I couldn't wait to tell her. I didn't even knock; I just busted right into her bedroom. And there she was, unconscious. Face down on the floor in a pool of her own vomit.
52) 24) dialog: You were too young. Drank herself to death. I don’t even think your mother knows that. Took me until I was fifty to stop being angry. 81. Something about the way Roger communicates this, his tone the way he looks at Laney and the concern in his eyes, gi it away.
52) 26) dialog: Your brother. Laney takes a minute to process.
52) 28) dialog: Of course you are. They watch Daisy pedal along the driveway. Pink (03/02/2014) 82.
52) 29) dialog: I was thinking, maybe I’1l bring Daisy to the city this summer. Laney’s far away.
52) 31) dialog: You were in the hospital. I didn’t think it was the right time.
52) 34) dialog: Of course. First door on your right. 77 INT. DAISY’S BEDROOM - DAY - SAME 77 Laney walks into Daisy's room. She takes it in: the canop bed, the collection of teddy bears, the doll house. Laney kneels, runs her finger across each of their heads. Then takes the father and drops him in her bag. 78 EXT. ROGER’S HOUSE 78 Laney comes out of the house. A taxi is waiting.
52) 35) dialog: I would have been happy to drive you back to your hotel. Laney walks over to Daisy. Gives her a hug.
52) 40) dialog: Can I? Laney nods, but barely. Roger wraps his arms around her shoulders.
52) 41) dialog: You know, I never stopped loving you Elaine.