1) 1) dialog: See these goods, they never seen daylight, moonlight, Isr by-the-gas-light. If you can't see value here today you'r shopping, you're up here shoplifting. Take a bag, take a bag, I took a bag home last night and she cost a lot more pounds I can tell ya. Tell me if I am going too cheap. No eighty, not forty, half that and half that again, that's pounds. Don't think 'cos it's sealed up it's an empty box who sells empty boxes is the undertaker, and by the look here today I would make more money with me measuring tape A well-dressed, zealous character (Eddy) appears from beh waving money. It seems he can't wait to get rid of it.
1) 3) dialog: Excuse me misses, sorry sir, ladies first and all that. A tourist spectator, rather than a buyer, has been. put o She fumbles through her bag hastily all too aware of the the crowd, of which she is now the focus. She passes her it's contaminated. Others follow suit. Buy 'em, you better buy 'em; they're not stolen, they jus paid for. This really stokes the fire. The money can't come fast en business reaches its peak there is a call of alarm from t enthusiastic punter, who seems to be rather more familiar pretended.
1) 5) dialog: (voice-over) Ed can run fast, talk fast, eat fast, and play cards fast fucking slow when it comes to spotting the roz.
4) 7) dialog: (voice-over) He's a stroppy sod but he's got more balls than a golfer, doesn't know it. ' * Cut from completed film. 16
5) 10) dialog: (voice-over) Sex and sleaze and antique shotguns are all deep and dear stone cold heart. Cut from completed film.
5) 15) dialog: (voice-over) The Baptist got his name from drowning people for Hatchet
7) 0) text: Ed, Bacon, Soap and Tom park outside their house. As they pass Plank and John who have also just parked. They ignor and go to their separate doors.
8) 0) text: BACON places a pile of money on a table. The rest are eat looking at his plate distastefully.
8) 1) dialog: Twenty-five from me, Tom, Soap and yourself; a hundred gr pound. You don't need to count it.
8) 9) dialog: And nobody wants to live next door to the people that we a bit anti-social, you know. BACON beckons Tom to a cupboard built into the wall.
8) 12) dialog: I mean when they are not picking peanuts out of poop, the off unfortunate souls of their hard-earned drugs. BACON opens the cupboard doors and puts his finger to his noise from next door immediately gets louder. Not exactly thick, these walls.
10) 0) text: Tom raises his eyebrows and frowns to Bacon. EXT. BIG BOY'S GYM/SOLARiUM - NIGHT Meet Big Chris and Little Chris (twelve years old).
15) 0) text: Ed returns to the bar to find Tom, Soap and BACON looking in disbelief.
21) 3) dialog: (receiving a monstrous, leafy cocktail) What's that?
21) 5) dialog: No, I asked you to give me a refreshing drink. I wasn't e fucking rainforest; you could fall in love with an orang-
21) 7) dialog: I thought this was a pub.
21) 9) dialog: Well whatever it is, could you get your man to turn the T
21) 11) dialog: Excuse me, could you turn the TV down?
34) 0) text: Ed has made his way into the bar. All his friends have fa One of Bacon's eyes opens to see Ed cleaning himself up.
34) 1) dialog: This doesn't look good. The others wake on this statement. We cut between the lad frozen reaction.
34) 7) dialog: (intercepts Tom) Stop fucking around, Tom, and think. What are we going to
35) 1) dialog: (voice-over) Let me tell you about Hatchet Harry. Once there was this Smithy Robinson who worked for Harry. It was rumoured tha the take. Harry invited Smithy round for an explanation. do a very good job. Within a minute Harry lost his temper for the nearest thing at hand, which happened to be a fif black rubber cock. He then proceeded to batter poor Smith with this; that was seen as a pleasant way to go . . . He Harry is a man you pay if you owe.
37) 0) text: Cut to Bacon, Soap and Tom sitting and talking in the bac They don't look a lot better than Ed.
37) 1) dialog: The odds are one hundred to one so all we need is five gr
37) 3) dialog: At the bottom of a bottle and has been for two days; it's
37) 5) dialog: Yeah, but he has got to tell his Dad he is about to lose Tom, who has not really been listening, suddenly interrup
37) 7) dialog: So how long do you have to wait 'till you see a return?
37) 9) dialog: A month? So, my friend, what fucking good is that, if we . . . no, five days?
41) 2) dialog: I am thinking, I am thinking.
46) 0) text: Tom, BACON and Soap are sitting in front of Ed who looks as though h launch in to a speech.
48) 3) dialog: I don't know how you've reached that conclusion.
48) 9) dialog: I am game.
54) 0) text: BACON has rigged up an amplifier to the hole in the cupbo a ridiculous amount of recording equipment. The house lig flicker on and off. We start the first part of the conver at Bacon, who has his headphones on. We cut to Dog halfwa second sentence.
56) 0) text: BACON has a kettle next to where he is sitting. It steams happily but a worrying noise starts to come from the plug prepares himself.- BOOM! He disappears into black.
58) 0) text: BACON is now lit by candle.
58) 1) dialog: Jesus.
58) 4) dialog: It's happening tomorrow morning. Get back here now.
59) 3) dialog: How much did you part with?
59) 6) dialog: Jesus, Tom, do they work?
59) 11) dialog: I am not sure what's more worrying, the job or your past.
60) 0) text: Ed and Bacon, etc, are all mounted up on top of one anoth a crack in the curtain. They are observing Dog's party en work. They are dressed as kebab shop assistants.
76) 1) dialog: Eh, bunk us up over the wall. BACON forces one of the windows open. He looks pleased an others over. They keep in contact with Soap by cellular p
79) 1) dialog: Down, down, get fucking down now' This is like d??vu. There is no response as the three of not to believe what's going on. BACON hits Dog with the b gun, establishing who's boss. Dog does down with a thud. floor immediately.
80) 3) dialog: Of course you will, sweetheart. This one, search this one keys without any trouble.
81) 4) dialog: Let's have a butcher's. Jesus, there's lots of everything god knows how much of this stinking weed; we've got a shi cash; and we've got a . . . traffic warden.
81) 6) dialog: A traffic warden. Look, what's this? He holds up the hat.
81) 8) dialog: I think he's still alive. He's got claret coming out of h What did they want with a traffic warden?
88) 5) dialog: 'Ere, have a pull of this. Passes Ed the joint.
96) 1) dialog: Scarface, I have watched Scarface. You want to know how t deal, you watch Scarface!
111) 0) text: Tom, Bacon, Ed and Soap look hung-over Ed is driving. 126
112) 1) dialog: What has been going on here? They look into a smoking, blood-covered house.
116) 3) dialog: As if he'll care. 130
116) 5) dialog: Think about what you're going to say, Ed; we are on thin
119) 1) dialog: Well?
119) 7) dialog: I think you're a sandwich short of a picnic, mate; you wa making sense. 133
128) 2) dialog: Apart from those shotguns.
128) 6) dialog: Well, talk.
128) 8) dialog: You dippy bastard.
128) 13) dialog: And, throw yourself off while you're at it. SOAP Now, Tom! There is a pause.