5) 13) dialog: 
5) 17) dialog: 
5) 18) dialog: EDDY been shaking the knees of a lot of good players. The rare ability, he seems to make cards transparent, got blu .
5) 20) dialog: Better than good, he is a fucking liability.
5) 22) dialog: He has got some adhesive mates, they have tossed up betwe
5) 24) dialog: No mortgage, no debts; lock, stock, the sodding lot . . . I got it under control.
5) 26) dialog: Er, very nice Harry. What's it for?
17) 0) text: Near-naked girls are gyrating against blue poles, which k distracting these men's attention. Meet the two Scousers Dean. The Scousers are in their late twenties, one big, o (the smaller) sports a large demi-perm. They bear strong accents. They are meeting Barry (Hatchet's man).
17) 2) dialog: Oh, you must be the brains then. That's right, guns that . Make sure you bring everything from inside the gun cabi will be a load of guns, that's all I want. I'll pay you w deliver. Everything outside the cabinet you can keep; it'
17) 4) dialog: It's a fucking stately home, of course there'll be someth
17) 6) dialog: Like antiques.
17) 8) dialog: If it looks old, it's worth money, simple. So stop fuckin rob the place.
17) 10) dialog: You're doing it for me is all you need to know. You only because you need to know.
17) 12) dialog: Careful, remember who's giving you this job. A bit of confused eye-rolling goes on. Barry eventually l watch. I am off, it's all yours now. Call me when you're done. As he leaves, the two Scousers eye him distastefully.
17) 14) dialog: (on his way out, whispering to himself) Fucking Northern monkeys.
23) 0) text: Barry, who is sitting among sweaty towels, takes out a fo monitor and switches it on, and hey presto we can see the The camera is placed behind Ed in one of the four posts. in, pauses on the back of Ed's head, gets his focus and j view his cards, pauses and re focuses, because Ed is play hasn't raised them: there is nothing Barry can do. We cut other hand. He is pressing a button on a remote control. straight to Harry's leg which is receiving the pulse. 46
28) 0) text: Barry zooms in again; he can see nothing.
31) 0) text: Barry's phone rings. He jumps in shock and fishes around
31) 1) dialog: What?
32) 2) dialog: You get the guns?
32) 5) dialog: Good. I'll speak to you later. Barry clicks the phone off. Dean looks at Gary and raises if speaking to a deaf person.
43) 10) dialog: Should be here any minute. I think you're making a mistak That's a lot of money for Chris to be running after. I wo him to bring it back here. Hatchet's speech is laced with cut-aways of Big Chris in the ascent (with Little Chris) of Hatchet's stairs.
45) 0) text: Big Chris is sitting in front of Hatchet, Barry behind Ch
45) 2) dialog: Hello son, would you like a lolly?
51) 0) text: The Scousers are handing over all the shotguns from their to Barry and assistant. Dean has got a complicated hair a disguise his accident with the butler. Barry raises his e this new look.
51) 1) dialog: Is your hair supposed to look like that, then? Gary ignores this question.
51) 3) dialog: Where're the others? Barry is looking with same concern for the hammer-lock Pu
51) 5) dialog: Now, stop fucking around. The others, the old ones?
51) 7) dialog: (dead serious) There were two old guns there; where are they?
51) 9) dialog: Well you just better un-sell 'em, sharpish.
51) 11) dialog: (interrupts) I am not fucking interested. Shouting. If you don't want to end up counting the finger haven't got, or sharing a bed with the anti-Christ, I sug those guns, quick.
98) 10) dialog: You fucking well have to get 'em!
99) 2) dialog: Inside, out-fuckin'-side. I don't give a shit, you get th because if you don't . . .
99) 4) dialog: You heard of Harry Lonsdale? Otherwise known as Back-you- Hatchet Harry, infamous for his removal of digits? Dean pauses for a while, a look of concern coming over hi Well this is `James Bond need to know' time. They're his! dance with the devil you wait for the song to stop, know Hatchet has had enough. He grabs the phone from Barry's h the infamous fifteen-inch big black cock in the other han goes on to put the shits up the Scousers.
114) 4) dialog: Was it any trouble getting the money?
120) 0) text: We cut to a time Lapse. Hatchet puts down the phone while bum on the front of his desk. He is ecstatic with the gun and plays with them, aiming at imaginary moving birds. The door is suddenly kicked wide open and, lo and behold, Scouser standing in the door. Dean has a thousand ugly th through his troubled mind, most of which are based an reg decision to kick this door in: `shit, what the hell is th he holding a shotgun'. Hatchet realizes that the man stan doorway (who is posed like De Niro in the poster of Taxi holding a gun in each hand) has nor come to deliver the m are blissfully unaware that employee has met employer. Ha has effectively contracted his own demise. The pause is e shattered by reality There is a rush to pull their indivi There is a race between the two bullets to reach their pr targets. Both barrels are emptied into Dean's chest. The airborne by the sheer power of the cartridges. One of Dea bullets,finds its way into Harry's shoulder. Gary can do stop this atrocity. He watches helplessly as his pal flie him. Overtaken by emotion or fear, Gary charges in, gun blazin proceeds to perforate Hatchet who is now unarmed. Hatchet his desk. Gary comes into the room to finish the job and bullet into Hatchet, who is lying on the chair side of hi then revealed that Barry is sitting in his chair behind t Scourer can't see Barry and Barry can't see Gary's face. the hatchet that is sitting next to him in a butcher's bl Gary in the back. Gary spins round firing wildly and lodg Barry's stomach. It is then clear to them both that this terrible mistake.