17) 0) text: Near-naked girls are gyrating against blue poles, which k distracting these men's attention. Meet the two Scousers Dean. The Scousers are in their late twenties, one big, o (the smaller) sports a large demi-perm. They bear strong accents. They are meeting Barry (Hatchet's man).
17) 5) dialog: Like what?
17) 7) dialog: Antiques? What the fuck do we know about antiques? We rob and steal cars, what the fuck do we know about antiques?
24) 1) dialog: OK Gary, we call each other Kenny, all right?
24) 3) dialog: Can't you pull that stocking down further, Kenny?
26) 0) text: Dean returns down a corridor carrying an armful of rifles large bedroom. There are a couple of toffs (English arist up in bed. The old man has bits of tissue between is toes has seen fit to light, in order to extract information. B Lord and Lady Appleton Smythe Winston and Daisy's parents
26) 1) dialog: What are you doing, Kenny? Gary is on the point of lighting another piece of tissue.
26) 4) dialog: Kenny, you twat, does it look like these people have got They can't even afford new furniture. We've got the guns; don't mind . . . At that moment they are interrupted by the sound of a sho cartridge. The ancient butler has made an unexpected entr holding an equally ancient pair of hammer-lock guns (the catalogue) which he has obviously got little control of. knocks the butler clear off his feet. The second shot hit covering the old boy in plaster. We cut to a POV of the butler on his back. We see Dean lo You want to be more careful, old fella. You very nearly t head clean off with that. You all right, Kenny? We cut to a shaking shell-shocked Gary, mouth agape. The torn through the centre of Gary's bouffant hairdo leaving pair of smoking Mickey Mouse ears. Shock prevents him fro Kenny?
32) 1) dialog: I thought you said no staff, Bazza!
32) 3) dialog: You should see what they did to poor Gary. Gary wanders past the phone box in a gormless state. He o doesn't know what day of the week it is.
32) 4) dialog: Gary, get back into the van! Barry frowns down the telephone. Yeah, yeah, we got 'em.
32) 6) dialog: Gary, Gary, if you can hear me, I think we better get you van now, OK? Dean takes his arm and guides him back into the van.
51) 0) text: The Scousers are handing over all the shotguns from their to Barry and assistant. Dean has got a complicated hair a disguise his accident with the butler. Barry raises his e this new look.
51) 2) dialog: Next time we do a job like this we gonna want more money, going back to post offices and cars.
51) 4) dialog: There are no others.
51) 6) dialog: I don't know what you mean.
51) 8) dialog: Not in the cabinet there wasn't. There was a couple of ol muskets the butler was carrying; they were ours, and we s 77
51) 10) dialog: They were . . .
98) 1) dialog: That's no way to answer the phone.
98) 3) dialog: Sure is.
98) 5) dialog: You know those shotguns I sold ya, well I need 'em back.
98) 7) dialog: I got the money to pay for 'em.
98) 9) dialog: If we can't get 'em, we can't get 'em. INT. SPLIT SCREEN. HATCHET HARRY'S OFFICE - DAY. Barry is mobile, moments later.
99) 1) dialog: We made a deal for everything inside the cabinet.
99) 3) dialog: Yeah, Bazza, what?
99) 7) dialog: That was Hatchet Horrible Harry.
99) 9) dialog: We're in the spite. They were his fucking guns that we so find 'em. Dean dials Nick immediately. No fucking about, Nick; where can I find those guns?
109) 1) dialog: Follow that car, Gary; he's got the fucking guns.
115) 1) dialog: We gotta get those guns.
115) 3) dialog: Listen, I don't care who lives in there; all as I know it preferable to death by Hatchet.
117) 0) text: The two Scousers with guns in hand creep their way up the There's only one door in front of them. Dean gets ready t open. Gary leans against the wall and delivers a Professi kick.
120) 0) text: We cut to a time Lapse. Hatchet puts down the phone while bum on the front of his desk. He is ecstatic with the gun and plays with them, aiming at imaginary moving birds. The door is suddenly kicked wide open and, lo and behold, Scouser standing in the door. Dean has a thousand ugly th through his troubled mind, most of which are based an reg decision to kick this door in: `shit, what the hell is th he holding a shotgun'. Hatchet realizes that the man stan doorway (who is posed like De Niro in the poster of Taxi holding a gun in each hand) has nor come to deliver the m are blissfully unaware that employee has met employer. Ha has effectively contracted his own demise. The pause is e shattered by reality There is a rush to pull their indivi There is a race between the two bullets to reach their pr targets. Both barrels are emptied into Dean's chest. The airborne by the sheer power of the cartridges. One of Dea bullets,finds its way into Harry's shoulder. Gary can do stop this atrocity. He watches helplessly as his pal flie him. Overtaken by emotion or fear, Gary charges in, gun blazin proceeds to perforate Hatchet who is now unarmed. Hatchet his desk. Gary comes into the room to finish the job and bullet into Hatchet, who is lying on the chair side of hi then revealed that Barry is sitting in his chair behind t Scourer can't see Barry and Barry can't see Gary's face. the hatchet that is sitting next to him in a butcher's bl Gary in the back. Gary spins round firing wildly and lodg Barry's stomach. It is then clear to them both that this terrible mistake.