6) 0) text: Meet the Dog. Dog is horrible. He is large and intimidati Administering pain is Dog's forte. He is also the Guy we last scene `slap' to the teeing of a golf ball. Wallop. D sadistic and alarmingly pleasurable face.
6) 1) dialog: It's a dog eat dog world, lads, and I got bigger teeth th We see an individual hanging upside down tied up with gaf otherwise naked. An orange is stuck in the man's mouth. D on another man's chest who has a tee stuck between his te Dog fires golf balls at the other unfortunate figure. The is Gordon. The other is Slick. Gordon nods his head errat implying that he has reached a decision. (to Plank) I think your man is trying to say something. Pause. Perhaps not; maybe I should have another swing just to ma Agonised muffled screaming from Gordon. Slick (who has a mouth) shuts his eyes in horror as the golf ball thumps i Yes, Gordon, is there something you would like to tell us The orange is removed from Gordon's mouth.
6) 4) dialog: You were saying?
8) 13) dialog: (off) No you prat, that's for me.
9) 0) text: Dog has a small pile of money and pills that he is distri lads.
9) 1) dialog: How many times do I have to explain this to you, Plank? Y worth doing and you will find your share improving . . . have a problem with that? He obviously doesn't.
38) 1) dialog: So do you know these geezers well?
38) 3) dialog: What they like then?
42) 1) dialog: (off) Listen, they can't be all stupid if they got a container sitting in shoe boxes, a skip-load of Class A gear and yo there is anybody sensible involved. We reach the end of our track. Ed's head is on a pitiful close-up. It straightens and his dark eyes widen immediat news.
43) 1) dialog: What about security?
43) 3) dialog: What do you mean, never? Well what have they got it for,
43) 5) dialog: Is there no way they can get back to you?
54) 0) text: BACON has rigged up an amplifier to the hole in the cupbo a ridiculous amount of recording equipment. The house lig flicker on and off. We start the first part of the conver at Bacon, who has his headphones on. We cut to Dog halfwa second sentence.
55) 2) dialog: There is no such thing as easy in my experience and, if y is going to be easy, you're a dick. It may be easier than not going to be easy.
57) 0) text: They react to the BOOM! Dog looks at the wall with suspic beat, then continues.
57) 1) dialog: What's that idiot doing next door? (Points at Paul) We use your van. It's up some stairs this place, so we'll like balls on a bulldog. Plank is going up first. There i it is never locked, is it Plank?
57) 3) dialog: And it better bloody not be. Once he is firmly in place, rest of us in. We'll get nasty with a couple of them, shi scare and gag 'em. I can't see these wankers giving us a they might have a couple of tools hanging around like any the job is done we'll come straight back here. It's dark unload and Robert's your father's brother. Everybody savv
57) 5) dialog: Right, tomorrow, eight o'clock we'll do it. Apparently th don't get out of bed till midday, lowest ebb and all that how I like it.
58) 2) dialog: (off) So no messing around tonight. We leave eight a.m., OK?
60) 0) text: Ed and Bacon, etc, are all mounted up on top of one anoth a crack in the curtain. They are observing Dog's party en work. They are dressed as kebab shop assistants.
61) 0) text: Dog and troop load up.
64) 1) dialog: (frustrated) What the fuck is going on?
64) 3) dialog: No, you silly fucker, stay still. (Whispering) What's going on?
66) 1) dialog: Go! Go! Go! Fucking run, you two. They all go charging into the open door only to slam stra Plank. The keys go flying out of Plank's hands and throug Plank cries with frustration, reaching out with his hand them. Dog, finding the gate locked, is none too happy The still exposed to the eyes of the world due to the lack of the outside door and the inside cage.
67) 1) dialog: (mesmerized} The fucking gate's shut, you prick.
67) 3) dialog: (seeing an unconscious man at his feet) What the fuck did you do to Fauntleroy?
69) 1) dialog: Get the sodding gate open now, Plank. Plank is busy fumbling about, not really getting anywhere the pressure being applied.
69) 3) dialog: Just give me the keys. The gun with which Plank has been entrusted is pointing s Dog's groin. Point your gun in there, dick, not at me. Mick has unwrapped his gun from his case. Dog turns and l the size of the weapon. What the fuck is that?
69) 5) dialog: You could have brought something a bit more fucking pract ya? Pop! We hear the sound of an air gun pellet hitting the b
69) 7) dialog: (amazed by this stupidity) Who are you going to kill Plank? There's no one there. We hear another pop and Plank gets shot in the neck. This understarulably sends him into a real panic, thinking thi
69) 9) dialog: (unimpressed) Well shoot them. Plank shoots at everything and nothing. Smoke fills the c leaving them in a cloud. A bit of coughing goes on, then
69) 11) dialog: I don't fucking believe this. Could everybody stop gettin down John, you cock, patch yourself up; it's only a fucki Dog is interrupted by an enormously loud blast of machine and the boys panic, cover their ears and hit the floor. A outburst Dog looks up at Mick and sees he is the culprit. down at Dog expecting a congratulatory nod from Dog; he d What the fuck was that?
69) 14) dialog: If you use that again, you're a dead man, do you understa He speaks softly but he is quite shaken. He then raises h has had enough of all this mincing. Right fellas! He shouts to the Sloanes while dragging the semi-consciou to use as a shield. Before I go any further I am going to shoot your mate's t No sooner said than done; his toes go. The smoke problem and J faints again, but an unfazed Dog continues. Now if you want us to be gone in two minutes, open the fu now!
70) 3) dialog: (off) Right, his leg's going now.
71) 1) dialog: And all your friends, there's a good lad.
71) 3) dialog: Do you want me to take his leg off? Where's the fourth?
71) 5) dialog: Plank?
71) 7) dialog: OK, open the gate. No sooner said than done. Dog hits one straight on Winsto with the butt of his gun and drags him to the stairs. 97
72) 2) dialog: (gun to the head of Winston) Where?
72) 4) dialog: And the weed?
72) 11) dialog: All right Plank, get Paul out of the van. This is done on a walky talky.
73) 1) dialog: (to Plank) Give us your knife. Dog is going to put an end to this screaming and is makin its source. William is silenced through fear of the appro slumps on the floor in a silenced wreck, holding a bleedi (the point of the blade resting on William's throat) Enough! Mick, how you doing?
73) 3) dialog: Shut up, you idiot. You got the bags? Can you get it in?
73) 5) dialog: Bollocks, you'll get it in even if you have to do two tri
75) 2) dialog: (Turning to Mick.) How about you? All right?
75) 4) dialog: Do it quietly. Gloria, who has been forgotten by the Sloanes and unnotic troop, has sat through the whole episode without apparent the gravity of the situation. She is kick-started into ac sure demise of Willie. The machine gun has been placed no from her. She picks it up, and fires it into the already of Mick, who is almost instantaneously transformed into d Gloria, who has found a gear that nobody probably not eve knew existed, destroys everything she points at. Bodies j and Winston and the rest close their eyes and hope for th Eventually the gun, which seems to have a limitless suppl goes quiet. We cut to close-ups of everybody opening thei cautiously. Looks of relief come from everyone, not least Dog, who is closest, stands, walks straight up to her and on the jaw Gloria is knocked out. What was that? Where did she come from? That's fucking it We are getting out of here.
78) 0) text: Dog turns to admire a full van.
78) 2) dialog: Paul, what's that?
78) 4) dialog: (looking straight at Paul) What's he doing in the van? Dog and the others look at the tragic warden mercilessly
78) 6) dialog: We will deal with him later. EXT. DOG'S HOUSE - DAY Tom is on the mobile phone.
79) 0) text: Dog opens his door, enters the front room, dumps his two is met by a bleeding Plank (who is grunted at) and John, his chest. Dog sighs and turns to get more bags. The acti It's hard to tell who is who because of the balaclavas. T out of their positions.
80) 2) dialog: I'll find you.
83) 0) text: Dog struggles free and unravels the tape from his head an other three out.
83) 1) dialog: Dead. Dead. I don't know who they think they could be, fo find 'em. Of course I'll find 'em. I don't give a flying who they think they are. I'll kill - fur and feathers, bu South African style, kebab 'em, peel 'em, slice 'em and d draw and fucking quarter ' em.
90) 0) text: Dog has all his boys round.
90) 1) dialog: I want you to search the house for bugs. I mean I want yo
90) 3) dialog: It is too late for you to start thinking John. It is a po that is good enough for me. And after you strip the house to get every thieving slag this side of Ceylon and tortur I want to know who is responsible, otherwise I will hold responsible.
94) 0) text: Paul, John, and Plank are lined up like naughty schoolchi of Dog, who is black-eyed and pissed off:
94) 1) dialog: So we have a bit of a problem, don't we?
94) 3) dialog: In fact it is a little more than a bit of a problem, isn' could say that in the scale of these things this is the M Everest of problems, couldn't you? . . . And the reason i mon fucking-strosity of a problem is because you don't ha fucking idea who did this to us, do you?
94) 6) dialog: You wouldn't know if it was the next-door fucking neighbo prick! You find 'em, you hear? And find 'em quick! Now ge start looking! Out! Out! Dog Loses his temper and throws Plank across the room. Pl breaks effortlessIy through the wall.
100) 0) text: Dog and boys have made a Large hole in the connecting cup which they have crawled through. Dog is holding a large b has found.
100) 2) dialog: The stupid bastards! Count it!
100) 4) dialog: We're not going next door until we've flayed these dead m Count it out the back. I don't want them seeing you finge money as soon as they walk in.
101) 0) text: Big Chris and Little Chris are waiting outside. Dog's gan for Ed's gang inside. Rory's gang are going to Ed's. 122
103) 0) text: Dog's gang are also loading their weapons and concealing among the furniture. Dog is counting out the money in the has the two antique hammer-lock shotguns resting on the t of him, which were found with the rest of the bounty.
107) 0) text: Dog, who was counting the spoils in the adjoining room, i aware of the seriousness of the situation. He quickly clo suitcase of money and grabs the two old guns, opens the a gets splattered in blood and smoke and quickly closes it. checks his escape route out of the front window and exits quite pleased with himself as he still has the money and is holding the infamous guns in each hand like a Mexican
123) 3) dialog: Made a few quid, did ya? Now where is it? We can't see Dog but we can see the sharp side of a knife the front of Little Chris's throat. The Dog is Lying down Big Chris assesses the situation.
123) 5) dialog: Very fucking funny. Where's what I want?
123) 7) dialog: Well, you had better go and get it from the office. That' to see your son reach his next birthday. Now chop-fuckin'
123) 9) dialog: What are you doing?
123) 11) dialog: You had better be careful. Big Chris starts his car up, looks across to make sure th Chris has got his seatbelt on and pulls out on to the roa faster and faster until Dog pokes him in the shoulder wit Chris pulls hard to the left and rams into the nearest pa BANG' Dog goes flying forward, hitting the windscreen.
125) 0) text: Big Chris, having removed the knife from a stunned Dog, p smash his head against the dash and has the most amount o so.