0) 1) dialog: Three card brag is a simple form of poker; you are dealt cards and these you can't change. If you don't look at yo you're a `blind man' and you only put in half the stake. kind is the highest you can get: the odds are four hundre five to one. Then it's a running flush - you know, all th running in order; then a straight, then a flush, then a p finally whatever the highest card you are holding. There tale signs that are valuable; I am not going to tell you it took me long enough to learn them, but these can only not make one. So you want to play?
0) 6) dialog: I haven't slept for forty-eight hours, got a dozen broken feel a case of the flu coming on and . . .
0) 8) dialog: If you think you're in the dark, I am in a black hole, bl DISSOLVE TO BLACK. THE MUSIC STARTS. We pull back out of the black to reveal that we have been the inside of a shotgun. The barrels recede further, then STOCK are shot out of the top of the screen in peppered l wait for a while, as the barrels reappear through. the sm see one smoking barrel; 'boom!' the other is let off: AND BARRELS joins the sentence.]
1) 2) dialog: Bargain, that's a bloody bargain if I ever heard one. Ten say? I'll have five. Certainly sir. I'll just wrap. Changing his attention.
1) 4) dialog: Bacon! Bacon's expression changes dramatically. A series of cras between Ed's, Bacon's and a third party's eyes (the polic there is a problem. They're off: EDDY and BACON run like this before. They go down an ally; Ed jumps some stairs,
1) 6) dialog: (voice-over) The reason he is called BACON is he spent so much of his police station that people thought he was one of them. Bu boy now and it is time to move on. We cut to a shot of Ed as he lands. He has made good dist
2) 0) text: EDDY arrives at a grocer's shop. We meet Tom. Tom is talk the Greek.
2) 3) dialog: Nick the Greek, always a pleasure. All right Tom, what yo Tom examines his midriff and adopts a confused expression
4) 9) dialog: Are you sure you can afford twenty-five?
4) 12) dialog: Bacon, the fat man and myself, and it's time to make a ca
5) 0) text: A hard-looking man of about fifty is sat behind a large a On this desk is a hatchet resting in a block of wood, poi judge's hammer. Harry is obviously in the sex game. Clutt hazardous way are a selection of dildos, spanking paddles cabinet of fine-looking shotguns is placed behind. We hav screen involving EDDY and his friends (listening in) and one hand on the phone and the other on a shotgun.
5) 2) dialog: A hundred grand.
5) 5) dialog: (voice-over) The man who decides if you can play is this man Harry, or as some including himself like to call him.
5) 14) dialog: (voice-over) Hatchet has a colleague, a monster of a man: Barry the Ba
8) 2) dialog: I still will, if you don't mind.
8) 8) dialog: Because it's cheap like a budgie.
8) 11) dialog: He means they're thieving dogs.
12) 1) dialog: I am going to the john. He walks off.
15) 2) dialog: Why, what's up?
15) 4) dialog: (pauses) Don't be silly Dad, I wouldn't have anything to do with t
18) 0) text: EDDY and the lads have all made an obvious effort with th appearance. They are met by a doorman.
18) 2) dialog: Invitations?
18) 4) dialog: Well we have got about a hundred thousand pretty pieces o the Queen on it. Will that do?
18) 6) dialog: Samoan Jo's? Yon mean the pub? Hold on . . .
19) 0) text: EDDY enters the boxing gym on his own, and raises his eye thought of climbing into the ring. Everybody else is sitt counting their money and converting it to chips. Ed takes empty chair and has a quick look around, particularly beh
19) 1) dialog: Evening Frazer, Phil, Don. This is a bit dramatic, isn't supposed to be symbolic? 40
19) 3) dialog: I would have brought my gloves if I had known.
19) 5) dialog: Yup, you must be Harry? Sorry, I didn't know your father.
22) 3) dialog: The type of shirt that has buttons on the front and colla Frazer. One hundred and fifty blind.
22) 8) dialog: No Frazer, it's just I'm the only classy fella you have h pleasure of seeing in London. One hundred and seventy-fiv
22) 12) dialog: When my knees stop knocking I'll live with it. Four hundr
23) 4) dialog: One thousand blind.
23) 7) dialog: Two thousand blind.
23) 12) dialog: Donald, do you know how to play this game? The reason I p anti is because I don't know what I have got. Now play, o Silence. EXT. STREET - NIGHT. Don is thrown out on to the street, screaming and cursing
27) 1) dialog: Ten grand blind. We see Hatchet feeling his leg; he looks shifty
28) 2) dialog: Twenty thousand open.
32) 8) dialog: Twenty thousand open.
32) 11) dialog: Fifty grand. Hatchet scours Ed's forehead. It is still dry.
33) 1) dialog: One hundred grand.
33) 3) dialog: That is quite a raise, one hundred and fifty on my hundre
33) 7) dialog: You will what?
33) 9) dialog: I think I would rather just turn them over.
33) 11) dialog: I need two hundred and fifty grand.
33) 13) dialog: That's if I want to see you.
33) 16) dialog: I'll see ya.
33) 18) dialog: Unless you are going to accept twenty quid.
33) 23) dialog: 
33) 24) dialog: (voice-over) I knew he was bluffing, but somehow the worst card player table had fucked me like a frozen virgin with a pair of s series of blows to my head with a baseball bat would have with a grin compared to this. Ten minutes earlier, I was thousand pounds richer; now I owed half a million.
33) 25) dialog: Harry approaches Ed and whispers in his ear.
34) 3) dialog: (voice-over) I then explained the unfortunate position we were in. Har to start sizing up all our fingers in a week, 'cause he k no way I could raise that kind of money on my own. Harry their money on the table so it was also their debt off th hate to admit it but I could have kissed the old bastard said I wanted to settle this debt on my own it would have
34) 5) dialog: Listen, I wish he would let me settle it on my own. Tom drops his drink and rushes Eddy. 58
35) 2) dialog: I'll think of something, don't worry.
48) 2) dialog: Hit the fuckers. Pause while this is digested. I know it sounds a bit heavy, but it's not like you are d illegal.
48) 4) dialog: They can't report they have had all their drugs and money they? 71
48) 6) dialog: They don't look all that.
48) 8) dialog: All right, but for Christ's sake we're in the soup and th silver spoon. If you can think of another way to get out, It's not like we've got all the time in the world either Silence falls over them.]
48) 12) dialog: Well, we hit them as soon as they come back. We'll be wai prepared for them. Pause as Ed's voice drops a little. And they are armed.
48) 14) dialog: Er, bad breath, colourful language and a feather duster! you think they will be armed with? Guns, you tit!
48) 16) dialog: Jesus, Soap, stop being such a mincer. I thought about th
48) 18) dialog: And we will just have to find out who's going to be carry
48) 20) dialog: No, just one of them is in charge of them going to the jo he will still be carrying when he comes back from the job.
48) 25) dialog: Soap, if you got a better idea to get five hundred grand few days you let us know . . . In the meantime, Tom, spea Bubble about moving the weed.
58) 3) dialog: Yes?
59) 8) dialog: Top of the list of priorities, how nice they look.
60) 2) dialog: Where did they get those outfits from? Haven't we got som Tom?
77) 1) dialog: Everything all right out there, Tom?
77) 3) dialog: Where the hell are we supposed to hide? Ed looks into an almost empty room in which they are to f shrugs, and goes to sort himself out a cup of tea.
77) 5) dialog: Do you want one?
77) 7) dialog: Why not? The whole of the British Empire was built on cup
77) 9) dialog: If you think I am going to war without one, you're mistak
80) 1) dialog: Tie 'em up, tape 'em up, face and mouth. Keys, I want the
80) 4) dialog: I'll meet you in the van when you have finished with hand
81) 3) dialog: Bacon, see what we got.
81) 9) dialog: I dunno, but I don't think we need him. Dump him at the l
84) 1) dialog: That's it all done, we are off.
84) 3) dialog: There is nowhere else to keep it, and it's the last place going to look. Anyway the battle's over and the war is wo Ed passes a handful of grass to Tom. Tom, take this to Nick, and let's get rid of it, quick.
88) 1) dialog: Well, not a bad day's work. That takes care of Harry. Pushing a massive pile of notes to one side.
88) 6) dialog: I don't want that horrible shit. Give it to Soap. Can we and get drunk now, please?
96) 2) dialog: That inspires confidence, that does.
96) 7) dialog: Jesus, would you two stop flirting for one minute . . . A Hatchet, this deal puts us up near enough two hundred gra bad for a day's work, I think you will agree. 118
112) 5) dialog: Bollocks! You can think about it for as long as you like. panicking and I am off mate.
116) 2) dialog: It's either that, my old boy's place, and we lose a digit going to call him.
116) 4) dialog: He'll care all right. That was going to be his money. Whe about us is different. Pass your phone.
118) 2) dialog: (on phone) It's Ed, if that's what you mean.
118) 4) dialog: (on phone) I wanted to talk to you about that.
119) 2) dialog: Well what?
119) 4) dialog: He said he thinks we have paid him, and he wants to talk guns . . . now.
119) 6) dialog: Listen, if he has the guns he might have the money . . . should go and see him.
121) 1) dialog: You and me, Tom.
122) 2) dialog: Tom, this is our case.
122) 4) dialog: This is our money, Tom! . . . Now I think we should go. Tom sees his guns. His eyes widen in surprise.
122) 6) dialog: Tom, don't mess around, let's go.
122) 8) dialog: Tom?
124) 2) dialog: I don't know, but what I do know is that there's no more means there's no more debt, and if there's no more debt t problem, and there's no more problem with our neighbours are all dead. I think, if I get this right, we haven't do wrong anyway, which means we are in the clear. Bang! Big Chris's car hits them straight in the rear. The goes flying through the car, landing on the dash. The lad unconscious.
126) 2) dialog: If you think you're in the dark, I am in a black hole, bl The camera spins round to see the traffic warden standing policeman. There is a long pause far consideration. Event shakes his head.
128) 1) dialog: The traffic warden went to the morgue and recognized Dog that put us sort of in the clear. They got no case agains there is no evidence against us.
128) 3) dialog: And Tom took care of them. Pause while Tom looks embarrassed about something.
128) 9) dialog: The only item that connects us with the crime is sitting which is sitting outside?
128) 12) dialog: Tom, go and throw those guns off a bridge.
128) 15) dialog: The silly sod. Big Chris walks in. He approaches the bar.
128) 26) dialog: Thank you.
130) 1) dialog: There's nothing in it!
130) 3) dialog: I mean it's fucking empty. BACON  lunges forward and stares in. He sticks his hand i an A4 envelope. They look puzzled. Ed feels the package a tear the top off. As this is done it creates a split scre On the other side of the picture, Tom is on a London brid car boot open. He looks at the guns with regret and give polish. Then he folds the guns up and places them on top Simultaneously Ed extracts a Sotherby's brochure on shotg still look confused. They turn the brochure upside down a the shotguns. Slowly they start to turn the pages. Torn pushes the shotguns over the top rail: they fall. He walking but stops for some reason. He retreads his steps over; the guns had just fallen on to a shelf. Ed sees the price of the guns: a series of alarming zooms eyes and prices. They panic and reach for their mobile ph Tom is climbing over the bridge now and has to hold on to one arm. Ed starts screaming at the other two that the number is e asks them to put their phones down. Tom now had one hand on the guns and one on the rail. His starts to ring in his top pocket; he has either to drop t go of the rail to answer the phone. The shot freezes.