17) 1) dialog: Shotguns? What, like guns that fire shot?
17) 3) dialog: (sarcastically) Oh, thanks very much. And there had better be something t
17) 9) dialog: So who's the Guv? Who we doing this for?
17) 11) dialog: I see, one of those `on a need to know' basis things, lik film, is it?
17) 13) dialog: (to Dean) I hate these Southern shites.
24) 2) dialog: All right, Kenny. Dean looks at Gary's disguise with some distaste. He has pulled over only half his face. A sexy thigh grip is repl artificial, frilly moustache, not giving the desired mena big bouffant head of hair is neatly being conntrolled up
24) 4) dialog: It just cost me fifty quid to have this done. (Lovingly rearranging his hair) If you think I am going to ruin it for a couple of old ba mistaken, Kenny.
26) 2) dialog: Finding out where he keeps the money.
32) 0) text: The Scousers reply; Gary is still unable to speak due to experience.
99) 6) dialog: Who was that?
99) 8) dialog: Jesus, I have heard about him.
115) 2) dialog: This is dangerous shit, Dean; we don't even know who live
115) 4) dialog: Furry muff, let's go.
117) 0) text: The two Scousers with guns in hand creep their way up the There's only one door in front of them. Dean gets ready t open. Gary leans against the wall and delivers a Professi kick.
120) 0) text: We cut to a time Lapse. Hatchet puts down the phone while bum on the front of his desk. He is ecstatic with the gun and plays with them, aiming at imaginary moving birds. The door is suddenly kicked wide open and, lo and behold, Scouser standing in the door. Dean has a thousand ugly th through his troubled mind, most of which are based an reg decision to kick this door in: `shit, what the hell is th he holding a shotgun'. Hatchet realizes that the man stan doorway (who is posed like De Niro in the poster of Taxi holding a gun in each hand) has nor come to deliver the m are blissfully unaware that employee has met employer. Ha has effectively contracted his own demise. The pause is e shattered by reality There is a rush to pull their indivi There is a race between the two bullets to reach their pr targets. Both barrels are emptied into Dean's chest. The airborne by the sheer power of the cartridges. One of Dea bullets,finds its way into Harry's shoulder. Gary can do stop this atrocity. He watches helplessly as his pal flie him. Overtaken by emotion or fear, Gary charges in, gun blazin proceeds to perforate Hatchet who is now unarmed. Hatchet his desk. Gary comes into the room to finish the job and bullet into Hatchet, who is lying on the chair side of hi then revealed that Barry is sitting in his chair behind t Scourer can't see Barry and Barry can't see Gary's face. the hatchet that is sitting next to him in a butcher's bl Gary in the back. Gary spins round firing wildly and lodg Barry's stomach. It is then clear to them both that this terrible mistake.
120) 1) dialog: What are you doing here? Then both collapse into dead lumps on the floor.