5) 0) text: A hard-looking man of about fifty is sat behind a large a On this desk is a hatchet resting in a block of wood, poi judge's hammer. Harry is obviously in the sex game. Clutt hazardous way are a selection of dildos, spanking paddles cabinet of fine-looking shotguns is placed behind. We hav screen involving EDDY and his friends (listening in) and one hand on the phone and the other on a shotgun.
7) 0) text: Ed, Bacon, Soap and Tom park outside their house. As they pass Plank and John who have also just parked. They ignor and go to their separate doors.
12) 0) text: JD's bar is an impressive sort of uptown-downtown establi pretty girls serving a laddish clientele. The boys are pr the bar, looking straight ahead in silence. They look ner silence is broken by Ed. 32
13) 0) text: We cut to a small, humid, artificially lit, illegal fores cultivated for profit. Someone is smoking a joint and rai eyebrows at his friend. These two characters are J and Ch have got hair down to their shoulders, small try-hard goa science-lab coats, with nothing much underneath.
13) 1) dialog: (coughing) This gear is getting heavier you know, Charles. I got a s should have been rocket scientists, or Noble Peace Prize something. A horn blows (the door bell).
20) 0) text: As the boys walk in to Samoan Jo's, a man comes tearing o covered in flames followed by his friends trying to put t The lads look on in mild shock.
21) 0) text: The Scousers make their way to the front door and unravel picking kit. ' 42 SAMOAN Jo's - NIGHT
23) 0) text: Barry, who is sitting among sweaty towels, takes out a fo monitor and switches it on, and hey presto we can see the The camera is placed behind Ed in one of the four posts. in, pauses on the back of Ed's head, gets his focus and j view his cards, pauses and re focuses, because Ed is play hasn't raised them: there is nothing Barry can do. We cut other hand. He is pressing a button on a remote control. straight to Harry's leg which is receiving the pulse. 46
31) 0) text: Barry's phone rings. He jumps in shock and fishes around
36) 0) text: Ed, who looks like he is close to suicide, has developed stubble and his eyes have disappeared into black sockets. along the street with a bottle of scotch poking out of a stops outside JD's, looks at the entrance and decides not 60 INT. SLOANES' SITTING ROOM - DAY The ridiculous door-bell
36) 1) dialog: Who the hell's that. It's only twelve.
40) 0) text: Ed fumbles with his keys at his front door. He enters his sort of zombie state, takes off his jacket and opens the doors. He hangs his coat up (it promptly falls off" the h collapses in a pile on the floor. The cupboard doors now can clearly hear next door's discussion. We track in very
47) 1) dialog: He might think we smoke a lot and burn a bit of profit, b have any idea about the hard currency we've accumulated. slice it off the top.
53) 0) text: We are looking directly at JD's shell-shocked face. He ge an empty glass on the bar.
63) 1) dialog: (raising his voice for the door) Hello, can I help you?
63) 3) dialog: No, I'm afraid he's not. He's out at the moment.
63) 5) dialog: Well, perhaps I can't, Plank, if you know what I mean.
63) 7) dialog: I can't help you, Plank.
63) 10) dialog: Hold on. OK. (Whispering inside.) Look Willie, it's Plank outside asking for you, he says i interest. 87
63) 13) dialog: Corrected; that's a walking accident that we can do witho WILLIAM Jesus, he's OK; he knows only to buy weights now, looking at least a couple of thou; just one last time.
63) 14) dialog: What do you think, Winston? Pause.
64) 5) dialog: (off) All right, just coming. J unlocks the door after getting the cage ready. There's door, and then a small corridor before the cage. J is ins Two, or at a push, three people could fit in this space b would be poking out on the outside world.
65) 2) dialog: I didn't know you were a kebab man, Plank.
65) 4) dialog: Sorry, got to do business like this now; can't be too car days.
65) 6) dialog: (confused and believing it's a joke, until he sees the gu What are you doing, Plank?
72) 0) text: Up boy, up, up. They reach the top of the stairs. Tie 'em up John and, Plank, you come with me. Where's the
79) 0) text: Dog opens his door, enters the front room, dumps his two is met by a bleeding Plank (who is grunted at) and John, his chest. Dog sighs and turns to get more bags. The acti It's hard to tell who is who because of the balaclavas. T out of their positions.
91) 0) text: All kinds of characters have made an appearance. A game o motion, the forfeit now being alcohol. Barfly Jack the ba sitting at the table. They are already on the road to bei comatose.
94) 0) text: Paul, John, and Plank are lined up like naughty schoolchi of Dog, who is black-eyed and pissed off:
105) 0) text: There is a loud bang and the front door disappears. In it large black man pointing an even larger machine gun. Nobo at home; it appears to be quite an anti-climax. A long pa both gangs don't quite know what to do. Rory's guys jump machine gun to explore further.
107) 0) text: Dog, who was counting the spoils in the adjoining room, i aware of the seriousness of the situation. He quickly clo suitcase of money and grabs the two old guns, opens the a gets splattered in blood and smoke and quickly closes it. checks his escape route out of the front window and exits quite pleased with himself as he still has the money and is holding the infamous guns in each hand like a Mexican
113) 0) text: Big Chris is about to walk in to Hatchet's office. The do out walks John O'Driscoll with a serious sunburn.
120) 0) text: We cut to a time Lapse. Hatchet puts down the phone while bum on the front of his desk. He is ecstatic with the gun and plays with them, aiming at imaginary moving birds. The door is suddenly kicked wide open and, lo and behold, Scouser standing in the door. Dean has a thousand ugly th through his troubled mind, most of which are based an reg decision to kick this door in: `shit, what the hell is th he holding a shotgun'. Hatchet realizes that the man stan doorway (who is posed like De Niro in the poster of Taxi holding a gun in each hand) has nor come to deliver the m are blissfully unaware that employee has met employer. Ha has effectively contracted his own demise. The pause is e shattered by reality There is a rush to pull their indivi There is a race between the two bullets to reach their pr targets. Both barrels are emptied into Dean's chest. The airborne by the sheer power of the cartridges. One of Dea bullets,finds its way into Harry's shoulder. Gary can do stop this atrocity. He watches helplessly as his pal flie him. Overtaken by emotion or fear, Gary charges in, gun blazin proceeds to perforate Hatchet who is now unarmed. Hatchet his desk. Gary comes into the room to finish the job and bullet into Hatchet, who is lying on the chair side of hi then revealed that Barry is sitting in his chair behind t Scourer can't see Barry and Barry can't see Gary's face. the hatchet that is sitting next to him in a butcher's bl Gary in the back. Gary spins round firing wildly and lodg Barry's stomach. It is then clear to them both that this terrible mistake.
122) 0) text: Oh Jesus, not again. The two pause while they build their confidence. They ent Harry's room. It's still smoky. There on the table is the