6) 6) dialog: Oh, Dog! . . . I think you want to have a look at this! Plank returns holding an assortment of drugs and cash. Go scream. Dog picks up a steel for sharpening knives and th the room. Thunk. Silence follows. Plank grimaces. Oh, Dog!
7) 0) text: Ed, Bacon, Soap and Tom park outside their house. As they pass Plank and John who have also just parked. They ignor and go to their separate doors.
36) 4) dialog: (off) Plank, open up. This is done without the use of the steel-caged security This weed is getting quite a reputation, you know, fellas remains motionless in her chair. Plank waves his hand abo of `how you doing' way to everyone and goes to take a sea minute, poised like he is sitting on a potty he realizes sit on this girl. Jesus! Never saw you there. Hello, love. Enjoying yoursel Gloria doesn't respond. Plank waves his hand over her fac response. Plank looks around for some acknowledgement. Is she, er, compus?
36) 8) dialog: Fuck me! Charles, pissed off, looks at William like it's his fault
36) 12) dialog: Sorry fellas, but that stupid cow!
36) 15) dialog: (trying to look like the money hasn't had an impact on hi I am after a half weight.
38) 2) dialog: Well enough. I have been buying gear off one of them for years.
38) 4) dialog: Poofs. Nothing heavy, four public school guys. Soft as sh
40) 1) dialog: They ponce around in funny hippie clothes all day, talkin They're just good at growing weed, that's all, and busine bigger than what they can keep up with.
43) 2) dialog: There's one steel gate as you go in but they never lock i
43) 4) dialog: I must have been there fifty times, it's never been locke suspicious. Everybody who goes there are toffs. They're a karma crap: `If I don't harm nobody, nobody harms me' stu
43) 6) dialog: Even if they could they'd be too shit scared. They have g they're gutless faggots.
55) 1) dialog: There's nothing to worry about, it's going to be easy.
57) 2) dialog: No.
63) 2) dialog: All right, it's Plank. Is Willie there?
63) 4) dialog: Well, perhaps you can help?
63) 6) dialog: Look, could you just open the door so I could talk withou
63) 8) dialog: I think you'll find it is in your interest.
64) 4) dialog: Come on, I can't wait out here all day. Starting to get anxious that the whole deal could be off down the stairs and waves at Dog as some kind of reassura
65) 1) dialog: I thought you were going to leave me out there all day.
65) 3) dialog: (taking the piss) Lives and learns doesn't one. Then devastation slaps him hard. Keep the gates locked now, do you?
65) 5) dialog: I know. (Suddenly turning very nasty whispering.) Now shut it. You say a fucking word the right knee goes, then your left.
65) 7) dialog: What do you think I am doing? Hold on. What are you doing gate. Oi! I said unlock that fucking gate. J has found it all too much and has passed out with fear, the floor in an awkward contorted position. Plank is desp to find the right key. Things are not going as well as pl the meantime, has decided it's time to start the show
67) 2) dialog: Just hold on, I got the keys. Having clawed them back with the end of his shotgun.
67) 4) dialog: (fumbling and panicking) I didn't touch him, he just passed out.
69) 2) dialog: (trying to convince himself, as much as Dog) It must be this one.
69) 6) dialog: (trying to salvage some credibility) Don't you stags move or I'll kill the lot of ya.
69) 8) dialog: (gurgle) They shot me! Panic unashamedly exposing itself. Trickles of blood star in-between Plank's fingers.
71) 6) dialog: (gurgle, gurgle) Yeah, one of them's out.
72) 0) text: Up boy, up, up. They reach the top of the stairs. Tie 'em up John and, Plank, you come with me. Where's the
72) 1) dialog: There, in those shoe boxes. Dog opens them. There is nothing in them. If looks could would be pushing up daisies.
75) 1) dialog: My neck, Dog. (Dog shows no sign of pity) That's the last bag?
79) 0) text: Dog opens his door, enters the front room, dumps his two is met by a bleeding Plank (who is grunted at) and John, his chest. Dog sighs and turns to get more bags. The acti It's hard to tell who is who because of the balaclavas. T out of their positions.
94) 0) text: Paul, John, and Plank are lined up like naughty schoolchi of Dog, who is black-eyed and pissed off:
94) 4) dialog: Dog, we have been up all night. It's no one round here! W them all against the wall.
95) 0) text: A dust-covered Plank blinks in confusion as he looks on t recording equipment.
105) 1) dialog: (under his breath) What the fuck is going on here? Dog's lot are confused as to why these guys appear to hav their own home, carrying weapons of mass-destruction and them. We cut to a close-up of Plank's pov under the sofa. numerous pairs of boots and they are multiplying. At last take any more; his finger's shaking too much on the trigg