21) 12) dialog: No. He takes a swig of whatever he is drinking and frowns at frowns back, then Soap interrupts.
50) 0) text: There's a cacophony of seventies funk and football fillin meet Rory Breaker. Rory is a very well-dressed cool-looki He is in his own way sophisticated, considering what he d living. His help, however, are less well-informed. Rory h Greek in front of him.
50) 1) dialog: Nick, I don't have anything to do with weed, normally, bu what he says it is, I'll give him three and a half thousa that's if it is what he says it is. I don't want to see i sample, I don't want to touch it after a sample. I'll lea capable hands of Nathan here. He will work out the detail get this straight. If the milk turns out to be sour, I ai of pussy who will drink it. Know what I mean?
85) 0) text: Nick has given the weed to Rory for inspection. Lenny has
85) 2) dialog: OK, I'll take it off you; half price.
85) 4) dialog: It was yesterday I said three and a half grand and today am not mistaken. Turns back to the TV. I'll take it tomorrow for half price. If he wants to move he'll take it. Now, I've got another game coming up in a you would be kind enough. Pointing at the door. Nick exits. Lenny, take this to Snow White and the three little chemi should have a gander at this. I want a proper opinion. 11
86) 0) text: Lenny and Nathan, Rory's minders, pull up outside the Slo have the weed analysed. For the first time it is revealed Breaker owns the Sloanes.
89) 0) text: We see Winston, Nathan and the torso of Lenny, standing i Rory Like naughty schoolchildren.
89) 2) dialog: It will cost you more than your life's worth if you jest
89) 5) dialog: What do you want, a fucking medal? I'll shoot you in the if I don't get the gear back. He pauses, rubs his forehead and continues, slightly calm the one that's in there now?
89) 7) dialog: This is more like it. So where's he?
89) 9) dialog: Well, what did you shoot him with, an air gun? There is an embarrassed pause and a look of `how did you doesn't need an answer and slaps his forehead.
89) 11) dialog: You don't say. There is a pause while Rory searches for the right words. is deafening.
89) 13) dialog: Mr Breaker! Today my name is Mr Breaker. You think_this i coincidence? Not many, Benny! This white shite steals my thinks it is a good idea to sell it back to me. They got than you, Lenny . . . Get Nick cum-bubble round here now stupid enough to still be on this planet.
93) 0) text: Nick is blissfully ignorant of the situation. He is sitti Rory.
93) 1) dialog: Your one saving grace might be your stupidity.
93) 3) dialog: Don't fucking er me, Greek boy! How is it that your so-fu soon-to-be-dead friends thought they might be able to ste And then sell it back to me? Is this a declaration of war sort of white cunts' joke that black cunts don't get? 'Co fucking laughing, Nik-ol-as.
93) 5) dialog: There are four interests I have, Nick. Football, music, m annihilation of anybody who interferes with that shortlis you couldn't have known my position because you're not so stupid that if you did know, you would turn up here scrat arse, with that `what's going on here' look slapped on yo Chase. But what you do know is where these people live. We look at the white faced Nick. He doesn't open his mout has dropped. If you hold anything back, I'll kill you. If you bend the I think you're bending the truth, I'll kill you. If you f anything, I'll kill you. In fact, you're going to have to hard to stay alive, Nick. I hope you understand everythin I have said. Because if you don't, I'll kill you. Now, Mr Squeak. You may now enlighten me.
100) 7) dialog: We are going to do a proper decoration job. I want the gr London illuminated; I want that house painted red. Winsto coming along, see if he can recognize any of 'em, then we mine back here. Watch out for these fellas; they've got a arsenal and they don't mind using it. Now you know what y yes?
101) 0) text: Big Chris and Little Chris are waiting outside. Dog's gan for Ed's gang inside. Rory's gang are going to Ed's. 122
104) 0) text: Rory's boys stop the van outside Ed's and back up to Ed's The rear van door is opened when it is completely flush a gun) prepares to do his worst.
105) 0) text: There is a loud bang and the front door disappears. In it large black man pointing an even larger machine gun. Nobo at home; it appears to be quite an anti-climax. A long pa both gangs don't quite know what to do. Rory's guys jump machine gun to explore further.
110) 0) text: Ed's place has been shot to pieces. Only Rory and Winston seem to be left. Rory is throwing the bags of weed into t van, then he kicks over one of the bodies. It's a blood-c
110) 1) dialog: This is one of them. Winston nods in confirmation. Lucky, that. Bang' Bang! Plank (to Rory's surprise) still had a loaded Plank despatch each other simultaneously.