2) 0) text: EDDY arrives at a grocer's shop. We meet Tom. Tom is talk the Greek.
2) 1) dialog: What are you talking about? I am bloody skinny, pal.
2) 4) dialog: Please, both join me in my orifice.
3) 2) dialog: You know how much it is, Nick.
3) 4) dialog: You know it doesn't include the amp.
4) 0) text: Tom and Ed make their way through a busy, well-equipped k is obviously a smart and serious establishment. They stop the man whose uniform is covered in blood; he appears to chef. Meet Soap.
4) 1) dialog: What have you come as?
4) 3) dialog: If you will order stuff that comes from Kat-Man-Fucking-D surprised if your fruit picks up a few tourists en route. that, what about the money?
4) 6) dialog: (voice-over) Soap is called Soap because he likes to keep his hands cl unlawful behaviour. He is proud of his job, and even more it's legal.
4) 11) dialog: Who's this fat man, then?
5) 4) dialog: (voice-over) You see it's not easy to take a seat at this table; the m has to be a hundred grand upwards and there is no shortag
5) 16) dialog: (voice-over) But he needs him, because he is good at making sure debts and jobs get done.
7) 0) text: Ed, Bacon, Soap and Tom park outside their house. As they pass Plank and John who have also just parked. They ignor and go to their separate doors.
8) 3) dialog: (eating) So, a reasonable return should be in the region of one hu twenty, for twenty-five grand invested. That's going on p experiences.
8) 5) dialog: Whatever it's going on, it's still enough to send you on course.
8) 7) dialog: Fat? Who are you calling fat? What are all these fat joke The light switch above Tom's head lets out a few sparks c cower in a sharp defensive action. Jesus! It's good in here, ain't it! Trains overhead, wall . . Why the hell did you move in?
8) 10) dialog: What do you mean?
10) 0) text: Tom raises his eyebrows and frowns to Bacon. EXT. BIG BOY'S GYM/SOLARiUM - NIGHT Meet Big Chris and Little Chris (twelve years old).
12) 2) dialog: What you telling us for? The only thing I care about is w your rest in.
12) 4) dialog: Listen cooky, you want to make sure that man rests before it's in all our interests.
15) 0) text: Ed returns to the bar to find Tom, Soap and BACON looking in disbelief.
15) 1) dialog: (pointing to watch) What the hell are you doing here?
15) 3) dialog: Er, let me guess, my foot in your arse? A game of cards a Harry. You're supposed to be getting some rest, boy! Ed grimaces as his father approaches. He has overheard th statement. JD You playing cards tonight with Harry?
20) 1) dialog: I heard this place was rough.
34) 6) dialog: I'll kill him!
37) 0) text: Cut to Bacon, Soap and Tom sitting and talking in the bac They don't look a lot better than Ed.
37) 6) dialog: Listen to this one then; you open a company called the Ar Faggot Fan Club. You take an advert in the back page of s advertising the latest in arse-intruding dildos, sell it . . . I dunno, `does what no other dildo can do until now greatest in sexual technology. Guaranteed results or mone that bollocks. These dills cost twenty-five each; a snip pleasure they are going to give the recipients. They send the company name, nothing offensive, er, Bobbie's Bits or for twenty-five. You put these in the bank for two weeks clear. Now this is the clever bit. Then you send back the twenty-five pounds from the real company name, Arse Tickl Fan Club, saying sorry, we couldn't get the supply from A have sold out. Now you see how many of the people cash th not a single soul, because who wants his bank manager to tickles arses when he is not paying in cheques! There is a long pause while BACON considers this.
37) 8) dialog: Probably no longer than four weeks.
37) 10) dialog: Well, it's still a good idea.
39) 2) dialog: I have heard some fucking stupid ideas in my time but you Bacon's sound inspired.
46) 0) text: Tom, BACON and Soap are sitting in front of Ed who looks as though h launch in to a speech.
46) 1) dialog: What's the flapping about? You told the old man yet? EDDY I hope I won't need to. I got a plan. So listen carefully
48) 5) dialog: How heavy are the fellas anyway?
48) 10) dialog: Me too.
48) 22) dialog: It's the mother of fuck-ups, stupid!
49) 0) text: Tom and Nick are stuck away in a corner playing on a frui
49) 2) dialog: Not normal weed. This is some fucked-up skunk class A. I let alone move shit.
49) 4) dialog: Neither me, but it depends on what flicks your switch, an on and burning bright for the masses.
49) 6) dialog: No can do.
49) 8) dialog: Listen, it's all completely chicken soup.
49) 10) dialog: Kosher as Christmas
49) 12) dialog: Never mind that now. I also need some artillery, you know sawn-off shotguns.
49) 14) dialog: I think you're Nick the Greek.
52) 1) dialog: Jesus, if I pick them up, will they stay in one piece? Wh get them from?
52) 3) dialog: They look nice, I agree . . . but lacking in criminal cre aren't they? I might get laughed at. How much do you want muskets?
52) 5) dialog: What's that, a pound for every year they have been around they're antiques, but I ain't paying antique prices. Paus And they're a bit long, aren't they?
52) 7) dialog: Range? I don't want to blow the arse out of this country, I don't want anybody blowing a raspberry at me either. I fucking mean.
52) 9) dialog: All right, let's forget about them for the time being. Wh weed man?
59) 2) dialog: Nick the Greek.
59) 4) dialog: Seven hundred for the pair.
59) 7) dialog: I dunno, but they look nice. I rather like ' em.
59) 10) dialog: Is there something we should know about you, Soap?
60) 3) dialog: Well, not exactly like that.
77) 2) dialog: (on phone) Right as rain.
78) 7) dialog: They're here.
80) 0) text: Paul enters, sees trouble, drops his bags and prepares to met by Tom who greets him with a smash round the kneecaps pipe. This has more than the desired effect and Paul has in screaming by Tom. It all went rather smoothly
81) 1) dialog: Well Jesus, that wasn't so bad, was it?
81) 5) dialog: A what?
81) 7) dialog: Shit Ed, we've got a traffic warden. Pause.
88) 3) dialog: Hold on, give us half a chance to count it.
91) 1) dialog: Rory Breaker? 114
96) 3) dialog: This guy Rory Breaker can afford to do the deal at the pr selling. It's not worth him giving us trouble; he knows w pain in the arse, and who wants a pain in the arse?
96) 5) dialog: You would take a pain ? the arse full stop.
111) 0) text: Tom, Bacon, Ed and Soap look hung-over Ed is driving. 126
111) 1) dialog: There's six black cocks sitting on the side of the road. have they got between them?
111) 3) dialog: How many wings have they got between them?
111) 5) dialog: How many feet?
111) 7) dialog: That's right. So how many whiskers has the little white k
111) 9) dialog: How come you know so much about black cocks and so little pussy?] The end of this joke is interrupted by a van swerving pas dangerously close. The lads lodge a complaint and then th outside Ed and Bacon's so that they can pick up the money * Cut from completed film. 127
112) 3) dialog: That's fucked it. What do we do now? No money, no weed; i swapped for a pile of corpses.
119) 3) dialog: (impatiently) Well, what did he say?
120) 0) text: We cut to a time Lapse. Hatchet puts down the phone while bum on the front of his desk. He is ecstatic with the gun and plays with them, aiming at imaginary moving birds. The door is suddenly kicked wide open and, lo and behold, Scouser standing in the door. Dean has a thousand ugly th through his troubled mind, most of which are based an reg decision to kick this door in: `shit, what the hell is th he holding a shotgun'. Hatchet realizes that the man stan doorway (who is posed like De Niro in the poster of Taxi holding a gun in each hand) has nor come to deliver the m are blissfully unaware that employee has met employer. Ha has effectively contracted his own demise. The pause is e shattered by reality There is a rush to pull their indivi There is a race between the two bullets to reach their pr targets. Both barrels are emptied into Dean's chest. The airborne by the sheer power of the cartridges. One of Dea bullets,finds its way into Harry's shoulder. Gary can do stop this atrocity. He watches helplessly as his pal flie him. Overtaken by emotion or fear, Gary charges in, gun blazin proceeds to perforate Hatchet who is now unarmed. Hatchet his desk. Gary comes into the room to finish the job and bullet into Hatchet, who is lying on the chair side of hi then revealed that Barry is sitting in his chair behind t Scourer can't see Barry and Barry can't see Gary's face. the hatchet that is sitting next to him in a butcher's bl Gary in the back. Gary spins round firing wildly and lodg Barry's stomach. It is then clear to them both that this terrible mistake.
121) 2) dialog: What do you mean, me? They stand outside Hatchet's door and are just about to r Tom notices it's open.
122) 1) dialog: That's it, I am off. Ed tiptoes over to the bag containing the money.
122) 3) dialog: . . . What?
122) 5) dialog: I'll meet you in the car. I am taking these guns. 136
122) 7) dialog: I'11 meet you in the car.
122) 9) dialog: I'll only be a minute.
128) 0) text: All the lads are sitting in the bar. Ed is talking to Tom interested in whatever he has to say.
128) 5) dialog: I wanted to talk to you about that.
128) 7) dialog: Well not exactly, no; I got 'em sitting in the car, actua we might sell them back to the Greek, but I am having a b problem getting hold of him.
128) 10) dialog: We paid seven hundred quid for those guns. They could har to you, could they?