2) 57) text: pi ekaxe & shovol agein ony cime somecody's willing to share expen nSeSe Tia nether ge all oy nyseit. Gnatis the bost way ees gcing it Tomes or eourse, youtve goz ve have “the stone fer Lonel incas. Lots oF guys So nmucty
4) 366) dialog: (continuing) Between then they had a diamong "ping, two pearl earrings, and quite a lot of money. It seems they've - been here in this village several Gays drinking and shooting off their cannons so that the villagers are afreid to stick their noses out of their huts. . The Lieutenent now addresses a small boy upon whom the honor of holding tho Lieutenant's horse has been be- stowed. The doy points. The Meutenant motions with his head for tho two bandits to move along in the direction the boy pointed. Then he mounts ane follows. The Federales and townspeople coring up the rears ae CURTIN: coat Tle - What?ll they do with them now?" ., Where are they taking them? -
4) 367) text: coDY: To the cenetery. CURTIN: 9 0m On. ‘ . .- . (he enters the store) INT. STORE . . woe Tae Storekeeper goes around behind his counter. : "copy: : ne was (who has rollowed 7 . . Curtin in) . The Federales are very efficient in o their way. It may not be our American _way, They aren's fingerprint oxperts, - 2". that is, bus they can follow any trail, - -. ené against them no hideout's any uses  -. . They know all the tricks of the banditss : You’ can tet your svoes soul that they'll run down every lest one of those groups that attecke@ the trains It'll take . time -- months -- maybe -- but theytll do Ate ,
4) 375) text: Se CODY. - iighty rovgh country hereabouts. ~_ ne CURTIN: ae Yep. . Cate CODY: - a CAL My name's Cody. I'm from Texas me . he puss ous his,hand) _ CURTIN: . (shakes hand) Gurtin. : coDY: What's your gane? “QURTING |
4) 383) text: ould been in Few months. CODY:. Seen anything that looks like pay-dirt? .
4) 385) dialog: (contineing) I've got an ices there's truck - loads of the real goocs up in those mounteinse
5) 3) dialog: Iomeant what I said about going alone you. Those are my
5) 28) text: as he turns into a rocky defile. He advances somo @ozen yarés then pulls : burros into a draw, ties them to 2 sapling and turns pack to the entrance of the defile. e@ takes 2 position benind a rock, Presently the SOUND of hooves can be heard, thon * Cody's figure, beating nis two mules, cones INTO. SCEXE. Curtin takes out his revolver, twirls the chamber to sce that it's working smoothly, then ho waits for Cody to como abreast. When that occurs
5) 36) dialog: 66- I didn't mean to.bothor you. TI only went to bo in the company of on American for a chango and sit for a few nignts by a fire end smoke and talk.
5) 61) text: cODY:. (finally after a long silence) Hallo.. Presontly Dobos rises. With long slow strides Re crosses to the stranger. Thon, hands in his pants
5) 62) text: DOBBS; ne Come over to the Firc.- . . : CODY: a Tnank you, friond.- He comes close to the fire, starts toking the packs
5) 65) text: enougn, urtin gets up and borings more wood, then puts on the coffee can. Dodhbs simply lies sprawled o a out watching every move Cody makes. fne silane o = “ . . becomas interminaole. :
5) 72) dialog: Itm not efter that, Itva got other - things on my minc -~ more important.
5) 96) text: ‘It took us sone time to find it out. ° CODY: . “Poor ground, you say? Dovends Ton what youtro hunting for Por game, yoSe But bts vory
5) 100) dialog: Gold. hand closes around his rovolver buts. shoots hin a fierce looks HOWARD: . Gold, did you say. He-ha --— thetis B® good onee
6) 24) text: : I thoug +. giviliged mon wno youleantt bommudee Ls ime a little fresh vetere : pops: = we . Who eintts civilizod? an answer he plants nis fist in fh such forco that Cody crops allied by a heavy club. Thon Dovds ho =iro as do Cur réin and Howard. n ko does z ho
6) 36) dialog: a ™, oe te . che mountains are frao, earonts they? Thet holds for vight,
6) 40) dialog: 
6) 49) text: ao a Copy: ther pregenc is amongst 2 flosh and bone, coripanion in thet Oones Cody is ision each of thé partners rust a1
6) 50) text: beging y or donts to dig for Bole hero. os a ¥ mot of my they've registered their 2% you guys havents oO register? Say, tow 0 joins the now thome ‘Solia an All-their thou, vomidst. 9 ‘insignificant « Cody, fully to most-délicato to talk, ( cont=NUED Peaking en= ashamed. Ho shirt ts a” Shits
6) 52) text: \ 75 (Conte 2) , : . coDY : . “Oh, I know quite well you can : co bump mo off any minute you wish, . . : “. Dut that's a risk worth running, mE se considering the: stakes. Let's : a ley all our cards on the tablo.- oye As I see it, you follows‘nevo — Soe "As" got to do one of three things: - Lon . kili me; run me off; or take mo Fe in with you as a partner, Lct's ~ - oot consider the first. Another guy might show up tomorrow, or maybo a dozen gurs. -If you start -. : bumping peovle off, ‘how far are Sop : you prepared to go "a8 th it? Ask. . wget . yourselves that. Also, donts Te forgot that the one actually to ~ : : + do tha bunping off vould forever be in’the pvowor of the other two ese tho only safo way would . a. .bo for.all three of you to pul . ne vl". ls your eanons and bang away at ve Se “Jao. thet same ingtant like 2 firing . a squade
6) 62) text: aa CODY “I claim killing mo font tee oo But of course, thatts for you — .. '- to decidee fis for choice number two, if you'chase mo off I misht very well Inform on youe ot HOWARD : . Weta got you if you did thate Wa'd go all the way to China : “to got youe There'd be no ouartors oo oO
6) 73) dialog: ‘I don't deny its but let's sea what numvor three has to offer. If you . take mo in as ea partner you don's ‘ . stand so lese anytaing. I will not, : _— ask 3o share in &% you've made so C : : ‘for...ontz in the profits to come. . Woll, what do you say?
6) 112) text: e CODY'S VorC:
6) 128) text: Howerd is first to appcar on top of CODY; Oe (pointing) . - Look! . >) Howard scuints his eyass
6) 132) text: -BL (Cont.) . . Curtin ig next, followed cfter en interval by Dobbs a HowaRn: (Cont.) Must bo soldicrs. Dobbs turns en Cody, dravs his ‘gun and cocks ‘the hammor with his thumb. oe :
6) 176) text: : CODY: ©. : ‘Sixtoon of: ere a!
6) 177) text: ‘CLOSE SHOT © HOWARD He culls to Cody.
6) 179) text: ea tee 89 (Cont.) HOWARD: (Cont.) as ve over will be, so wo might as well heave gonething to cat. Taey'!1L bo the deat port of an hour gotting hore. He starts laying a fire. The partners, Cody included, gather azround. . . .
6) 182) dialog: One of 'ten's woaring a hat painted gold. It reflects the sunlight . : CURTIN: a & hat painted gold. -Eoar that, Dobbs, “Howard! Romonber the osandit in the . gold nat? . :
6) 258) text: a) . CODY: . Do you think welvo beat thom off for god? . (COXPINUZD)
6) 262) text: before mornings Cody anc moves beck past his own stetion to - : OBBS : * : os We got tem on the run Ove S about us attacking?
6) 267) text: If we preyed to the Lord couldn't de better. The mo wn -fo instance. It'll bo full. Tre camp site will be flooded with sats oven & cat co f cross without our seeing. eld bettor change sur stati ons for the night ond stay in tw. groups. Cody and I'll take the right section and you m4 Curtin the loft so's one can nap ane the other wetche As suen 2s : tings start to happen, you just kick ~ . the sleoping guy. in the ribs and ho!ll be upe I'm positive there won't be eny move on the »tho r side for the next six Hours. I'll de difforent around four in the morning. Why don't | you taze your sweet Shun myer now?
6) 281) text: HOWARD: nr Looks Like we won that : Cody, at his post, doesn't answore
6) 312) text: 976 a -. .  Sometzing's hapgening ell" right. 90. That's up I wonder. - OVER SCENE the voicos of the bandits mingle in rising “, excitement. Tho SOUND of the chopping leaves off. CURTIN: 7. OVER SCENE TEE SOUND of tho bandits sadd@ling shoir horscs and mounting. Curtin starts to climb out of the trench. ; : . . . DUBBS: oS Wait,;,pal, this mey only be e trick : to lure us out and get us. : . ’ HOWARD >" . _ * ZI don't think so. They aron't good enougn actors for this to bo a trick. _ Curtin, not heeding Dovbs' warning, loavos tho trench and climbs vip to the high pleec where Cody first sew ~ tho bandits. .
9) 53) text: J The worst ain't so bad when . ~ : it finally hapsens. Not nearly as bad‘as you figure it will be “peforo itts happened. eo (ho draws on his : cigarette) ~ . Iim no worse off than I was in t Tampico, Al1'I'm out is a couple hundreé buchs, come right Gown to it. Not very much comparod to . whet Dobbaio lost. a (nods) _. - foo bad avout Mrs, Cody---I'm sor= ry about our not being abla to do like we planned.