6) 290) text: EoW. - They're making barricades that move. _it's an vld Indian trick. Tyey crawl along pushing the barricades befors [0 them. You cantt sao where to shoot. -: + Brothor, {td bo willing to trade our 4 gold mine right now for threo or four 2 hand grenades. If that's what they're avo) * s+: up to, and I'm dosd sure it is, wo - - "- paventt a Chinaman's chanco. - :
6) 460) text: " moves away to the ot 2 shey €o it four indians ape gppearance. Ono Spanish.
6) 463) dialog: Buones noches, Senorcs. Podemos sonsernos cerca lumbro? coscensar poquite. Favor?
6) 464) text: HOVARD: 9 7. Ot , Qo the Indians) met ., > Con mucke gusto, como no, amigos. Quicren tomar cafe con nose sros? THDIA; ‘ . Si, Vnchas rcrecias, Sonores.
6) 470) text: 1g which the Indians drink their coffau and ss cigarcttes. Each time they raiso- th 2 Abt the white men. Finally, thos hem begins:
6) 473) dialog: Pues vora usted Senor. Wi nijito se cayo al agua y lo sacanos tan pronto como pudir.os. To sc musva, ni nada y - no guicra rovivir, pero yo cmos que no esta muerto, Necesitemos ayuda, pon favor, oe ot
6) 476) text: Cuasndo sucedio ni jito? i - INDIAN: : Ss « Esta tarde, Scnor. mee tt KOWARD: .
6) 484) text: , «| before morning probably. aten © oo: after my goods while I'm. gone.:. : . : moe (he. turns again to . . mo + : ‘. tho Indians : . ‘Buono, amizo2, yo voy con ustedas. | - - | No so si podre ayudar, Paro hare ft ‘ -tedo posibls, Vemonss. “The. Indians all cot up, politely take leave of Dobbs. and Curtin, ‘They lead Howard to the horse which he
6) 500) text: father, stané aside meking a par the tedle. Stands ov an Silently for a , trying to decido what the troaat- mont should be. ’ raisas the child's evelics, thon, t uns for a heavt- voat. He : ion. This trvat- mont : Indians wno Losi et vach other a LALO approvingly. - . Taxoien un oespejo y un poco tequile {to four Indians) Ustedes frotando mucho‘manos 7 pies, pronto. - VWhilo these things aro ing produced, Howard instruct: four of tae T 2 “i to pub the boy's han & Poot so that thé blood is somt toward the heart, When the hot towels are roady he placos th on the boy's belly, after waich ne forces opui: the boy's mouth and spocnful of tequila. Fresently he ain for the heartbeat, His ores light up. . Tet
6) 516) text: No answer is mede. again the way is cloared for him. The eyes of the Indians turn with him as he passes, ~ and thoy exe full of ewe. © . ‘" prssonvEe go:
7) 9) text: Looking in the directio: of the call they soo a of horsemen come Tut VIEW. again they reach for their weapons and make roady to dufend themselves, but whon their pursuers arrive thoy are ths Indians of the night before, The partners put their weapons
7) 42) text: * (cutting in). ’ Saba, homoro. iio poder quedar.s NO. No. Imposiblo,; sabe? ~ Dobbs pushes ‘Shrough the Indians, rougnly.. Qhey et him pass, Dut form a detorminee circle arouné Howard. . See Ixpiat: |. . : (to Dobbs) .~ a Usted o i . . ~
8) 202) text: . An Indian charcoal burner is tonding his fire. A SOUND “that is different from the othor noises of the wilder- ness, causes hin to pause in his work and Listen. - Locating the sound, he picks a burning brand from the fire, roaches for fis machotte and with cautious movo- monts, go06s to invastigate. Tha Indinn pushes aside a hoavy bougn, reves ing, in the flickoring transient light of his torch, the rigure of Curtin, all in rags and with a bloody hora. Curtin looks at the Indian but dogs. not saan to SeGe He keops on crawling forward, e After soveral moments, “no Indian recovers from his ~ .. dnitiar powildernons anc calis for help. . ° : INDIA: Hidalgo, ven pronto equi. : Von a ayudermde .
8) 203) text: Then ho goes to the aia of Curtin, INDIAN: a - Pero que le paso, Sonor? Lo ataco un tigre, o que? fie raises Curtints pody, gets an arm ovor his shouldes, supports hin out of sho thickes. A second Indian . appears from tho bush on the opposite sido of the char~ coal fire. Ho also is dumbfounded at the bloody spectacle the white man makade : Lo FIRST INDIAN: ‘Mire a oaste pobre hombre, parece extranjero_y quo lo ataco un tigra. Ayudeme Vievarlo a la rancheria, Andale. : . . Thoy carry Cursin to the fire, tower him to the ground, thon hurricdly set abo cutsing saplings +o mako & Littor, As they aro qifting Curtin: onto the litter -
8) 227) text: box, “Without over 070: 3 his oyes, Howard Tools Lor it, finds it, and rei is ta his Lips thereby vinsi: ’ 3 2 > one Noe an . down tha last oF & posse chickon, OVER SCS-= shi Howerdts host appeges. Gursin in the bush Sl Scnor es un gran Doctor. sou of hcotaeats. with the Indian wao a points at HOY
8) 231) text: , a TOWARD : (still not opening his eyes) co Que dice, amigo? : : HOS?: , a Oiga, Senor Doctor. Este hombre gs a3 un poblado lejano y tiene algo de inversos que convarld.e | . Tho Indian squats down in tho sand beside Howard's hamnock whila the host continuos- tho atte =,
8) 237) text: 121 ((Cont.) ‘ HOARD: ting up with hombre 2 . INDIAN: ~. ei be Tiono el pelo castano yojos . met .a@zules. Es muy alto y parcce — - oxbranjoro.e . .
8) 239) text: wg INDIAN: : “Esta muy malo. Perdi¢’ mucha -- -  gangre. Si usted mo acompana - >" pronto puede que le salve la vida. .
8) 273) dialog: Un cavallo? Seguro que sie - ¥ vamos ir con ustod para qua - no le pase algo como a ou companarde a <
8) 360) text: Two Indians riding ahead of the others rein in.’ When Howard and Gurtin come up to them tney eiscaver, ing on the trail, a dead burro and the equinnent Dobos discarded. They exchenge a. significant look, thon:. . .
8) 369) text: ot ee HOWARD: pos ; a "How are you holding up? pe i i 129, ° EXT. PLAZA VILEAGE “EARLY MORE TG The three bandits appear with thelr pack train. Gold : . Eat hails an Indian youth crossing’ the plaza and goc ‘ wp to hin. It is the same boy who, long months borore whon the sartmors were just starting out, came into the general store to toll thom there wore some burros outside for them to look at.
8) 375) text: a. INDIAN . a ae looking. at them. Now his gaze shifts to Gold Eat.
8) 378) dialog: 
9) 1) text: ‘he CAMERA PANS with Howard and Curtin and their Indian escort. OVER SCENS the SOUND of a volley oeing fired. The troop of riders rein their horses in and listen.
9) 5) dialog: Si, son los rifles do los Federales. . They ride on, spurring their horses into a gallop. CAMERA PANS them into she village. -The plaza is deserted. They ride to tho other end of the plaza - and take a dirt road leading up to higher ground ‘where a crowd nis collected. .
9) 40) text: h ea roar of Homeric Laughtor that tho Indians are startled oy at, bus after a moment, supposing that he in with him end 1