0) 0) text: Close-up: An adult man’s mouth under water (Joe). He gulp water.
5) 0) text: HIGH ANGLE as the fire exit swings open and the man slips out. CLOSE ON: His impassive face - hard, mask-like, mournful eyes. This is JOE (35-45), plaid shirt, jacket, baseball cap un raised hood. JOE'S POV of the ground, dozens of dead birds litter the alleyway around the exit. Ahead of him a BLACK SUV eases across the mouth of the alleyway, slowing to a halt. Joe turns in the opposite direction... Out of the shadow of a doorway, a MAN steps out behind hi arm aloft, brandishing a blackjack. Joe senses something behind him... The presence of life.. The coming of violence... He turns in time to catch the blackjack on his left shoul instead of taking a brutal blow to the head. Joe grabs his assailant’s wrist. Joe brings his forehead down like a brick into the bridge the man’s nose... The sickening sound of splintering bone Blinded by red pain the man begins to double up. Joe brin his knee up hard into his jaw. He goes down, strings cut, paralyzed by fear. Joe swings his head from left to right, shakes out his le arm, trying to get life into it. Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 5. The assailant alone in the alley, vomits.
6) 1) dialog: Airport.
9) 0) text: Joe's fingers tapping digits on a pay phone.
9) 2) dialog: It’s done. He hangs up.
10) 0) text: The suburban neighborhood sleeps through the dead of nigh Joe steps out of an NYC Yellow Cab and waits on the kerb; watching till it turns out of view at the far intersectio With his head down he walks to the other end of the avenu before slinking a footpath between blocks.
11) 0) text: Joe approaches the back entrance to the house on the end row and stoops down, removing a THIN WOODEN BATON from un the door sill. He slips it behind the drainpipe. Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 6A. Taking care to make no sound he turns his key in the lock eases the back door open. 13 14 Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 7. O.S. The faint METALLIC SOUND of footsteps and the clink glass. His hand still on the door Joe’s attention is on the fire escape of the block overlooking his house.
12) 0) text: Joe stands in the doorway to the living room as cold ligh dances on his face. O.S. TV sound blaring - The Bad and the Beautiful on TCM JOE'S MOTHER (80s) - in house dress and slippers - is asl in a chair. On the wall above her a framed photograph of JOE'S LATE FATHER in Marine Corps dress uniform. The TV reflects on the glasses slumped on the bridge of her nose Joe flicks off the TV plunging the room into stillness. He removes her glasses with care, setting them down on a table beside her HEARING AID.
13) 0) text: Joe stands at the foot of the stairs. His mother is obscu from view by the bannister.
14) 0) text: Joe places his mother delicately on her bed, drawing up t covers. The window is ajar. The curtain billows as a chill blows through the room. 16 17 Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 8. CLOSE ON: Joe as he pulls the window to. O.S. A sharp creak from the bed.
14) 1) dialog: It's freezing Mom... He turns back to the window. His hand rests on the handle A beat. In one fell swoop Joe fastens the window shut and breaks the room, never looking back over to his Mother’s bed.
15) 0) text: Behind Joe as he watches his mother from his bedroom. The bathroom door is ajar. The Mothers pewter hair, reaches her waist. She is wrappe her robe, giving herself a shampoo in the hand basin. She rinses, then throws her head back, like a young woman. Th hair snaps out in an arc, like a long silvery rope. OFF Joe’s look - the floor of the bathroom is awash with soapy water. Joe sighs at the sight of the soapy water cumulating on the floor.
16) 0) text: Joe on his hands and knees, works a towel to soak up the soapy water from the tile. INT. KITCHEN, MOTHER’S HOUSE - DAWN 20 The radio is on - very loud - a 40’S CROONER. Joe stands in the kitchen, wearing a suit and tie. His mother’s frail wrinkled hands smooth out his unkempt hair her hands move to his beard which she also attempting to groom. JOES MOTHER’ Why do you hide that beautiful face? She then straightens and adjusts his tie. Joe’s face, mil annoyed.
17) 0) text: Joe and his mother sit at the table in silence, their breakfast finished. O.S. The radio still droning. She is looking at him, questioning. She widens her eyes asking without words... ‘Where have you been?’.... ‘What you do?’ She tilts her head, raises her shoulders - her eyes searching his with sympathy and a deep resignation. Joe mimics her gesture like a mime. She throws her hands up - mad at him - and moves unsteadi to clear the plates. Joe puts his hands over hers to stop her, takes the plate moves to the sink. She watches his shoulders as he begins wash-up. INT. JOE’S BEDROOM, MOTHER’S HOUSE - DAY. A21 Joe sits on the edge of his bed, his shirt slipped down o one arm. He holds an ice pack to the deep bruise blooming across his right shoulder. Frozen. The other hand works a stress ball for exercise..
18) 0) text: Late afternoon sun. Joe & his Mother are sat across the corner of the dining table. Open in front of them is a large mahogany CUTLERY CASE. They are both engrossed in polishing its contents. Joe's mother sings “A you’re adorable” as they clean, the both sign out each letter of the alphabet. Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 11A. The Mother’s frail hands move slowly. Joe buffs like a machine. He holds a silver SOUP SPOON right in front of his mother mouth. She exhales onto the back of the spoon. Joe gives a finishing rub. 28 29
18) 3) dialog: We broke up in High School Mom. The MAHOGANY CASE in closed and latched. EXT. ANGEL’S BODEGA - NEXT MORNING 29A Joe stands caddy corner looking towards the window of a bodega. He checks his watch; 9AM. INT. JOE’S BEDROOM, MOTHER’S HOUSE - LATER 30 Joe sits on the edge of the bed, he is wearing jeans and sleeveless T-shirt, his hands wrapped around his own neck pressure applied to his throat, his face, beat red.
19) 0) text: Joe leans against a wall. He watches the store across the street. ‘ANGEL'S BODEGA’... ‘24/7 ‘ALWAYS OPEN!’
20) 0) text: Joe's POV - a STOUT MAN comes to the upstairs window. He peeps through the dirty net curtains, then moves out of sight.
21) 0) text: Joe checks his watch (black, analogue dial, Military issu ...a few seconds till 10 a.m. Joe's POV - in the Bodega window, a sign reading: Egg and Bacon Sandwich $1.50. In removable letters, like cinema sign. The silhouette of the same stout man from upstairs reache into the window display and removes the sign. Beat. The man replaces the sign. The letters now read: Egg and Bacons Sandwich $1.50 Joe registers the misspelled sign - his cue from the dead drop. He heads across the road to the Bodega. 35 36 Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 14.
22) 0) text: The shop is empty of customers. O.S. A crude bell ring from the opening door. Moises, the tall skinny kid who spotted Joe entering his Mom’s house, busies himself rearranging goods on the shel beside the counter. He immediately averts his gaze from J His hands are shaking. The loud clatter of a stack of tomato cans falling to the floor. They roll asunder in an aisle. ANGEL, a stout middle-aged man, emerges from the stock ro with an angry look to Moises. Joe quickly moves towards the stockroom, Angel follows.
23) 0) text: Angel grabs a small step stool and places it on the floor climbs up and reaches into a broken ceiling tile. His han fishes around for a moment, he pulls out an envelope that hands to Joe. Joe opens the envelope, takes out a bound $5000 wad. He skims $500 and hands it back to ANGEL, who immediately pu it into his shirt top pocket.
23) 2) dialog: Did your son tell you he saw me?
23) 4) dialog: Did he tell you where he saw me? Angel hesitates.
24) 0) text: Joe stands sentinel on the platform edge, his baseball ca pulled low. Further up the platform a YOUNG WOMAN with a bruise under eye stares impassively toward Joe. O.S. The rattle of an approaching train rises in volume. CLOSE ON Joe's feet as he begins to step across the yello line that marks the platform safe zone. Mid stride his fo hovers momentarily over the precipice...
25) 0) text: From the end of the corridor lobby Joe walks towards us. Elevator doors begin to close around our view until a sui arm appears in the field of vision and holds them back. T doors shiver then begin to slide open again. Joe ignores them and steps neatly off to one side - out of view.
25) 3) dialog: I didn’t try to kill myself today. WIDER - The room is cluttered with ornate floral displays parked up on the floor and filing cabinets.
25) 5) dialog: Get rid of Angel’s number I’'11l find a new service. Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016
25) 7) dialog: Why am I here? McCleary sighs. MCCLEARY. State Senator Albert Votto... Joe plays with the candy as McCleary continues.
25) 9) text: Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 18. Joe now half asleep, closes his eyes again. MCCLEARY (CONT’D) The wife, Votto Jr's wife, kills herself a couple of years ago. Not a good look in politics. Their daughter's been running away from home ever since. Picked up by the Albany police every time. A ‘problem child’. (beat) Are you fucking going to sleep again on me you bastard? Joe now awake. MCCLEARY (CONT’D) Votto calls me this morning, she’s been missing all weekend. Doesn't want the cops involved - now that he’s in Senator Williams camp. Too much heat from the press.
25) 10) dialog: ...What’s the lead?
25) 12) dialog: Uh, Uh. (beat)
25) 16) dialog: You're fucking kidding... why?
25) 18) dialog: You keep them John, they really tie the room together. McCleary references the photo of his [deceased] wife.
25) 21) dialog: Thanks John.
26) 0) text: CLOSE ON: Joe’s feet pounding rhythmically down the steps Joe’s POV - a rush towards the fire door at the foot of t stairs. The low end HISS rising in pitch and volume...
27) 0) text: Joe checks his watch - 1:45pm. Joe sits in the lobby of t Lotte hotel. Joe notices a group of young Chinese girls w are laughing and taking selfies.
27) 2) text: 43 44 45 46 Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 21. They wait with their high-end luggage, a bellhop comes an puts their luggage on a cart. Joe takes notice of a disti mole on upper lip of one of these girls.
29) 0) text: Joe, at odds with the finery of the ornate lobby, moves w purpose towards the elevators. Old-school bellhops hold t doors open for the clientele. Joe breezes by, pulling the peak of his ballcap low over brow. He steps neatly through the door to the service stairwell.
30) 0) text: Joe makes his way up, head tucked low, his face obscured the gaze of the CCTV cameras on every landing.
31) 0) text: A YOUNG MALE ASSISTANT (20s) opens the double doors. A huge suite, sumptuously decorated - original artwork on walls. A hard, high backed dining chair has been placed facing t sofa. It stands isolated on a sea of thick carpeting. A HANDSOME MAN (40s) is sitting on a sofa, elegantly dres He takes to his feet, bounds to Joe.
31) 2) dialog: Joe... Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 21a. Votto has Joe’s hand in a firm handshake. He places his other hand on top of Joe’s - intimate, smiling warmly. Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 22. vVoTTto. Thank you for taking the time to see me Joe. (beat) McCleary said you were the best in the business... (grins) Joe still breathing heavy from his walk. Votto releases h grip. He gestures Joe to sit. They sit,
31) 5) dialog: Saudi Arabia, Kuwait, Iraq in Ninety One.
31) 7) dialog: (deadpan) Nobody died.
31) 9) dialog: ..-Afghanistan in 2001, Iraq 2003.
31) 11) dialog: Sex-trafficking task force... My work for McCleary... more or less the same thing. Votto’s phone on the coffee table buzzes. He glances at i doesn’t pick up. It drops to voicemail, stops vibrating...then buzzes again. Votto snatches it up, skims his thumb down the screen.
31) 15) dialog: When was this taken?
31) 17) dialog: Was her hair still long when...
31) 20) dialog: Whoever sent the message would've bought the phone...
31) 22) dialog: .--sent the text, threw the phone away.
31) 27) dialog: I’1l need these. Votto nods. Joe slips it into his shirt top pocket.
31) 28) dialog: Does your daughter take any medication? Girls are often kept sedated with morphine derivatives.
31) 31) dialog: I don’t have a phone. Votto begins to pour himself a drink from a brandy decanter.
31) 32) dialog: You go to the Senton Hotel, 39 West 27th St. Room 719. -do not park out front.
32) 0) text: The CAR RENTAL REP’s hand (scarlet false nails) pass a se keys through the window. Joe smiles charmingly. As he heads for the door, he passe complimentary pastries and coffee - he picks up a paper napkin from a pile...
33) 0) text: Joe approaches his car - a Black 4-door Cadillac sedan.
34) 0) text: Joe's POV through the car window. He slows to a crawl as sizes up 544 west 38th Street. CLOSE ON: the keypad intercom, a security camera under th porch. 51 52 53 54 55 56 Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 28-28A.
35) 0) text: Joe's RENTAL CAR drives down the entrance ramp, turns at bottom and weaves in amongst parked cars.
36) 0) text: Joe, basket in hand. He drops in surgical adhesive tape a plastic bottle of rubbing alcohol.
37) 0) text: Joe slips down the steps of a basement entrance in front restaurant window. (Several beats) Joe ascends the basement steps. He carrie plastic bag emblazoned with CHINESE CHARACTERS and the lo of an electrical goods vendor.
38) 0) text: Joe exits the service stairwell.
39) 0) text: A PREPPY UPSCALE COKE DEALER’s hands. A clear plastic via with a printed prescription label - Phyceptone - containi white pills is passed to Joe’s hand, in exchange for $100 cash.
40) 0) text: He picks out a roll of DUCT TAPE, a BOX CUTTER and CABLE TIES. ANGLE ON: a BALL PEEN HAMMER. Joe glances at the hammer. 57 58 59 60 Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 29.
41) 0) text: Manhattan bustles. Gaudy lights silhouette people moving each and every way like ants along the side walk. The street lights play across Joe's face - green, blue, yellow... He carries the hardware store bag. His eyes, shaded under baseball cap, occasionally catch a glint of colored light never blink.
42) 0) text: OFF BLACK: The trunk of the rental car swings open, revea Joe standing over it. He dumps his ‘tools’ in the trunk. ANGLE ON: all of Joe’s shopping, laid out neatly inside. The lid of the trunk slams shut.
43) 0) text: NAKED MEN are shadows in the heavy fog of steam and green light, heads bowed, eyes closed - sweating it out - a Romanesque mist of pot bellies, muscles, tattoos. Joe, his eyes half open, half closed, like a cat. He stares at the naked bulb on the tiled wall opposite hi O.S. A low rumble CLOSE ON the bulb as it’s enveloped in steam.
44) 0) text: Joe lies on the surface of the pool. 61 62 63 64 Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 30. EXT. US MILITARY BASE, KUWAIT - DAY (JOE’S MEMORY) 61 The searing midday sun. A young Afghan girl is walking towards the camera, hand outstretched. A younger, Joe (20s fresh-faced, dressed in army fatigues on the other side of a chainlink fence. He sits on a crudely made bench, drinking coffee, eating MRE. Beyond Joe 6 soldiers mill about and dance together to a Pop Hit playing from a parked vehicle in the background. He takes note of the girl, reaches into his pocket and pu out a bar of chocolate.
45) 0) text: The girl smiles, candy bar in hand, turns from Joe and ru away.
46) 0) text: Joe looks up to the lone tree where the girl is sitting i the shade. A TEENAGE BOY (15) has approached her - he is standing ab her, holding his hand out. The girls shakes her head, “No”. The boy shouts something inaudible at the girl, his face suddenly aggressive. She shakes her head again, trying to hide the chocolate in the folds of her skirt. The boy pulls a makarov pistol from his pocket - he shoot the girl in the stomach, snatches the chocolate from her and runs off. A slow pool of blood forms around the girl as her bare he kick fast and furtively at the dusty ground.
47) 0) text: Joe's POV - the girl’s legs are still kicking through the dust but with increasing sluggishness. CLOSE ON: the girl’s heels intermittently kick at the ear beneath her - a miniature ditch dug in the sand with her effort to retain life. 65 Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 30A. CLOSER STILL: The movement of her heels begins to falter.
48) 0) text: Joe washes his hands in the sink, in the mirror he notice ghost like figure crossing behind him. Water runs from the faucet. We notice the pulse in his shoulder. 66 67 68 Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 31.
49) 0) text: Joe is wearing a new WORKMAN’S JACKET. A sales tag hangs from the sleeve. He yanks it off. His hands open the centre console between the driver and front passenger seat - he neatly stashes the duct tape, c ties and a box cutter.
50) 0) text: Joe's rental car exits the parking garage. INT. RENTAL CAR, MIDTOWN STREET —- NIGHT 68 Joe's eyes are dark and inscrutable in the shadow of his baseball cap. Rainbow hued illumination plays across his jaw.
51) 0) text: The engine note drops as Joe slows to a crawl.
52) 0) text: CLOSE ON: Joe’s wristwatch - the minute hand ticks by...
54) 0) text: CLUNK - the windscreen wipers kick in automatically. With JUDDER they clear the shadow of accumulated raindrops fro Joe's face. CLOSE ON: Joe’s eyes - the crawling retreat of distorted water patterns in the wiper’s wake. His 1000 yard stare draws into closer focus. Rear-view mirror: Joe watches as... The TOWEL BOY, in jeans and a thick hooded sweat shirt, emerges from the brothel front door - sent out on an erra Joe studies him - he’s clearly not a ‘John’ or security. He darts from the car.
55) 0) text: The towel boy is shoved into the back seat of the car. Joe makes quick work with the cable ties, duct tape. He binds Towel Boy’s wrists behind his back with a cable then fastens his legs together at the ankles and the knee Towel Boy’s eyes start to focus, he gasps a little less audibly. Joe eases off the back seat, exits the rear door and retu to the drivers seat. He faces forward, eyes locked back o the rear view mirror.
55) 1) dialog: How many security inside? Towel Boy is too scared to answer. Joe’s hand lowers to r on the box cutter, his thumb poised over the blades slidi mechanism.
55) 2) dialog: Two? Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016
55) 4) dialog: Where are they? Towel Boy hesitates...
55) 5) dialog: (refining the question) Where in the house are they?
55) 7) dialog: Yes. Towel Boy hesitates, not out of cunning, just fear.
55) 9) dialog: Do they have a ‘playground’? Is this girl inside?
55) 11) dialog: Underage girls.
55) 12) dialog: Is the girl in the picture inside? Towel Boy is mute.
55) 13) dialog: (quietly, forcefully) She’s not the same as the others... American... Well spoken. Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016
55) 14) dialog: (pushing the photo closer to TB’s face) She might look different. Her hair...
55) 16) dialog: Where is she...
55) 18) dialog: Any other men?
55) 20) dialog: Do you carry any keys?
55) 22) dialog: What’s the code for the front door?
56) 0) text: (The following sequence is shot from CCTV Point of view u otherwise stated) Joe walks up the brothel steps, his eyes shaded by his baseball cap, he punches in the code to the door.
57) 0) text: A LARGE SEATED MAN sits reading a magazine. Joe is immediately on him. The hammer strikes the Guard on the cheek bone sending hi into the wall.
58) 0) text: Joe - he takes two steps at a time. 81 82 83 Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 39. A SECOND GUARD at the landing. Joe swing the hammer two handed like a baseball bat sendi it into the man’s sternum - he doubles up. Joe continues along the corridor.
60) 1) text: This room is dark, illuminated only by a UV ‘black light’ above the head of a single ‘cot’ bed. Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 40. A YOUNG GIRL (13/14) lies on top of a white sheet. Joe walks towards her. Her skin has a spectral glow.
60) 3) dialog: Nina... NINA. He snaps his fingers loudly beside her ear.
60) 4) dialog: Nina. Come on Nina. You can hear me. Look at me. Can you say your name Nina. A SHARP intake of breath and the girl’s head lolls forwar again. Joe firmly cups her tiny face in his hand. Her eyes flick open for a moment. Her lips move against each other. It is barely audible but she is counting. She is in the 700’s.
60) 7) dialog: Get her dressed. Joe throws the Big Sister towards Nina. In shock she gets off the bed. The only additional clothing in the room is pair of childish frilled pop socks. Joe reaches the cell phone jammer from his jacket pocket. slides the switch on its side, the green LED blinks off. puts it away and then wrenches off his jacket. Joe advances again on the Big Sister and thrusts the jack at her to dress Nina with. With his other hand he dials 911 on the Big Sister’s cell phone and clamps it to her ear.
60) 8) dialog: Police department. He glares into her eyes. She understands.
60) 9) dialog: Gunshots... The Big Sister looks confused.
60) 15) dialog: 544 East 38th Street
60) 17) dialog: Leave. She looks at him, fear in her eyes, shakes her head.
60) 18) dialog: Now....Go! She shakes her head vigorously. Punches her own hand repeatedly on her head. She is paralysed with fear, won't move. Throughout all this Nina has stood dazed and silent in th middle of the room Joe snatches his hammer up, grabs the sheet from the bed, wraps it once around Nina and scoops her off her feet. INT. BROTHEL, ‘PLAYGROUND’ HALLWAY - NIGHT 84 Borne aloft in Joe’s arms Nina floats through the door of room and along the playground corridor, her COUNTING DOWN barely perceptible whisper below the piped music.
61) 0) text: The 2nd fallen Guard still fills one half of the width of corridor, slumped on his knees, head cowled forward again the wall. A NAKED JOHN stands in the corridor, blocking Joe’s passa He grasps a 7" hunting knife in one hand. His chest is emblazoned with an Eye of Providence tattoo. Joe gently lets down Nina. She ahead stares implacably. The rise and fall of Naked John’s chest. The Eye of Providence stares unblinking... CLOSE ON: Nina’s face. Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 42A. (O.S.) The sound of the almighty collision of BODIES. 86 87 88 89 Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 43.
62) 0) text: The EMPTY STAIRWELL. Joe's feet step over the sprawled body of the first Guard he marches to the front door, seemingly in step with the thud of techno music from the P.A. Nina’s tiny socked fee follow a pace behind.
63) 0) text: At the top of the stoop Joe peers down the street - no co cars. About six minutes have elapsed since Joe entered the brot With the girl light in his arms, he moves quickly to his rental. In one delicate move he has Nina in the front sea She is all but out of it; but not completely. Stepping around the trunk of the car Joe flings open the passenger door and drags Towel Boy out by the shoulders a dumps him on the sidewalk. CLOSE ON: A storm drain opening. Joe crouches by the kerb he fits the bloodied hammer through the opening, dropping as deeply as his arm will reach inside. The cell phone jammer from his inside jacket pocket follows the hammer i the storm drain.
66) 0) text: Joe relaxes his grip on the steering wheel. Nina’s gaze is fixed on him... on his right arm. She reaches forward and touches him with her fingertips. There’s a 2” knife cut through his shirt and blood is soa through. Joe hasn’t noticed till now. Nina stares at her fingertips, mesmerized by the scarlet blood coating them. Joe unbuckles his seat belt and flips open the glove compartment. He removes a sanitary napkin and rubbing alcohol, he pours some on the napkin and places it over h wound. CLOSE ON: in the rear view mirror, Joe’s mouth clenches t against the searing pain, jaw set as his teeth grit hard. She continues to watch with fascination as Joe goes throu the process of attending to his wound.
66) 3) dialog: I'm taking you home Nina.
66) 5) dialog: Your Father told me your name. Nina alternates sips from the Coke can with squares of chocolate.
66) 7) dialog: It’s the last piece...
66) 10) dialog: We have to stay here. Nina’s look is one of confusion and disappointment.
66) 13) dialog: (Beat) Joe.
67) 0) text: The rental car pulls up right out front, its pouring agai A BELL-HOP GUY (20's, iPod earbuds)rounds the corner and heads towards the hotel. In his hand he clutches a pair o well-worn drumsticks. A beat later ANOTHER MAN (30's, acne scarred, homebrew ne tattoo) emerges, throwing his rucksack over his shoulder. two have an exchange as they cross paths, he then disappe along the street. Joe takes the room key (card) from the glove compartment. The bell-hop guy has his back turned whilst he struggles an ill fitting jacket.
68) 0) text: Kitsch lounge musak pipes soothing piano into the low ren surroundings. Joe carries Nina ‘piggy back’ past the reception booth. H hair sticks to her wet face, she is still dozing, her dir bare feet hang loosely by Joe's side. He takes to the bot of the stairs. On Joe’s back as he disappears from view. The Bell-hop taps out a ‘rim shot’ on the reception desk his drumsticks oblivious to Joe’s entrance.
69) 0) text: Musak from the lobby fades, giving way to a heightened mi sounds passing through closed hotel room doors - porn, mo furniture, a muffled cry. Joe carries Nina. 95 Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 49. She rests her head on his shoulder, hovering between slee and wakefulness - obscenely childlike in the harsh lighti
69) 2) dialog: (gently rocking her) Shhhh.
70) 0) text: CLOSE ON the photographs Joe took from Votto. Nina holds between finger and thumb, studying them intently. The OVEREXPOSED SELFIE -
70) 2) dialog: Uh-huh. As Joe wipes, Nina pulls a face. Joe takes a fresh wipe. it hones in towards Nina’s face she deliberately goes CRO EYED. She bursts out giggling. ON JOE - He cannot help but smile. He stands to throw the used wipes into the hotel room tra can. CLOSE ON the family portrait photograph. Nina covers over her FATHER’S FACE with her thumb. Then cover’s over her MOTHER’s FACE with her other thumb. Nina lowers the photo, her eyes drawn to the TV screen wh flickers away with the sound down, she reaches for the re and begins to channel-hop. A 24h newscast - an accident scene in midtown Manhattan, police line, emergency lights. Followed by a montage of archive shots of a suited middle aged man giving a speech the U.S. Senate - the name ‘Senator Williams’ on the chyr
71) 0) text: Joe, the pistol in one hand, hauls ass down the hallway. BLOOD SPOT falls on the floor as he makes for the window onto the fire escape.
72) 0) text: Dropping from bottom level of the fire escape gantry Joe lands hard. 98 99 Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 52.
73) 0) text: A bottle of rubbing alcohol, cotton wool roll, roll of ga and a carded pair of NEEDLE NOSE ELECTRICAL PLIERS - push across the counter. Behind a scratched plastic window the cashier barely registers Joe or what he is buying, his eyes fixed on a s TV on the counter. O.S. TV news program covering the apparent ‘suicide’ of Senator Williams IN SPANISH. The TV news cuts to an outside broadcast. A taxi’s caved in roof - the scene flashes red and blue f emergency vehicle roof lights.
74) 0) text: Joe propped up against the side of a building, rain falls around him. A stray dog, sniffs around the area. Joe eases the PLIERS into his open mouth. He digs around taking time to get purchase, deep inside. Joe suppresses the need to scream. EXTREME CLOSE UP: A BROKEN TOOTH - a Molar, split in two. Joe's bloodied fingertips set it down. Joe collapses back. (O.S.) Nina’s whispered count down. Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 52A.
75) 0) text: CLOSE ON: the rear doors of the refrigerated truck... A heavy padlock. Several FBI agents stand by with flashli fixed on the truck. CLOSE ON- Dollar bills slowly flapping in a puddle. Heavy duty bolt croppers bite into the hardened steel. With a GASP of rushing air the tall rear door of the truc swings open to reveal Joe. Rain streams from the brim of his cap. JOE'S POV - the gloom of the truck interior gives way to tableau resembling Géricault’s The Raft of the Medusa... ...TWENTY FOUR CHINESE GIRLS. IT IS TOO LATE. They are all dead. Their barely clad bodies entwined in the dark, eyes open, heads cast back, mouths agape. CLOSE ON Joe: closing in on his narrowed eyes. CLOSE ON two of the dead girls. Neither older than 14, th faces framed by long black hair, cheeks pressed together eternal embrace. CLOSER STILL - A distinct mole on an upper lip. The mouth strained wide... O.S. The rising pitch of a dialling tone.
76) 0) text: Joe leans against a battered pay phone. He fishes the receiver to his ear. His cheek is wrapped with a pad of gauze, crudely taped in place. Blood is smeared over his face and hands like iodine. It connects straight to a phone company digital voicemail Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 53A. O.S. McCleary’s voice mail. 102 103 104 105 Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 54. SYNTHESIZED ‘ROBOT’ WOMAN You've called... (a beat followed by gruff man’s voice) McCleary... Joe immediately hangs up. EXT. MCCLEARY’S STREET - DAWN 102 A simple, white clapboard two storey affair backing on to ocean view. A pristine 20 year old CADDY is parked in the driveway - a 90's ‘classic’. A Manhattan Taxi U-turns and diminishes towards the turn Joe watches till he sees the blink of its signal light th passes the gleaming Caddy towards the rear of the house. INT. MCCLEARY’S HOUSE, KITCHEN SIDE ENTRANCE - DAWN 103 With a brisk move from Joe’s outline a pane in the door g pops through, falls and shatters. CLOSER STILL - Joe’s free hand reaches through and feels the latch... INT. MCCLEARY’S HOUSE, KITCHEN - DAWN 104 Joe moves through the kitchen. 0.S. Radio on in the adjac living area. A HUGE PERSIAN CAT laps at a vast pool of milk from an upturned carton beside the sink. It looks up to meet Joe' gaze. Then returns to the milk. The splattered microwave door hangs open. An old school coffee percolator stands beside the fridge. An 1/8th inch of stewed coffee bubbles furiously in the bottom of it’s glass jug. Joe pulls the plug at the wall. INT. MCCLEARY'’S HOUSE, BEDROOM —- DAWN 105 106 Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 55. McCleary’s bed is unslept in, the flowered bedspread tuck in neatly on all sides. Make-up tubs, compacts, perfume bottles and atomizers are arranged in an ordered crescent on the dresser. INT. MCCLEARY’S HOUSE LIVING ROOM - DAWN 106 Joe is sat on the sofa. Around Joe is evidence that this is McCleary’s place of sleep. A feather pillow and blanket, a few empty beer bottles, an old fashioned porno mag, ‘Power & Motoryacht’ CLOSE ON, A framed photo on a cupboard - A younger, slimm McCleary, shoulder to shoulder with SENATOR VOTTO SNR - t spit of his son. Beside them stands the 20 year old Votto Jr. McCleary is being handed a gold clock for 10 years service, the mood is jovial - smiles all round. Other photographs line the walls and mantelpiece - markin the progress of McCleary from state trooper - to a more portly man in a suit. Interspersed are photographs of McCleary and his wife. Different ages but all images of a loving couple... A black and white wedding picture of the once handsome pa cutting the cake.... Halloween fancy dress costume - they are Laurel and Hardy From the deck of a yacht, they beam at the camera in a ti embrace. She is noticeably more gaunt, a silk scarf tied around her head hiding her lack of hair. The Persian Cat leaps onto the coffee table. Its back arc as Joe runs his hand across it. CLOSE ON Joe’s palm - bright red streaks. The Persian Cat fur and tail are spattered with blood...it’s FRESH. Joe tenses. 107
77) 0) text: CLOSE ON: Joe pulls open the bedside drawer. A ROYAL BLUE COLT PYTHON SNUB NOSE. Joe spins the chamber fully loaded. INT. MCCLEARY’S HOUSE LIVING ROOM - DAWN A107 Car keys with the familiar Cadillac logo on the key ring. JOE'S HAND - he grabs the keys. INT. MCCLEARY'’S CADDY - DAY 108 Joe looks like death - driving as fast as the limit allow Sweat dots his brow, he constantly checks the rear view mirror and the few passing cars on the road. He winces, pops one of the painkillers he bought from his Midtown drug dealer. It is almost impossible for him to p his lips. His head lolls slightly forward. O.S. The SOUND OF THE CAR ENGINE, loud, quickening, conti over: INT. LIVING ROOM, MOTHER’S HOUSE - NIGHT (JOE'S MEMORY) 1 CLOSE ON: 8-yr-old Joe bare chested, standing poker strai facing a wall.
78) 0) text: Joe lets himself into the room. The room is a jungle of gaudy wilted flowers. McCleary’s body sits at his high backed desk chair. He is wearing a towelling dressing gown and slippers - eyes closed, mouth slightly agape. The only sign of disarray is the shattered Rolodex, its i cards spread out across the glass top of the desk like a blackjack table.
78) 1) dialog: (under his breath) Oh John. CLOSE ON: the Rolodex card bearing Angel's details as Joe turns it over in his hands. Dried blood foxes the edges. O.S. Dialling tone and three digits punched... From UNDERNEATH the glass tabletop - CONGEALING BLOOD poo around McCleary’s hands where they rest on the top surfac his fingers bent and mangled.
78) 3) dialog: Rego Park, fire department... It’s urgent... (beat) .»-Yeah I saw smoke coming from an old lady’s house. 1138... INT. ANGEL'S BODEGA STOCKROOM - NIGHT (IN JOE’S 114
78) 5) dialog: ...Sycamore, a red brick house. Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 58. WIDER: Moises is on his knees facing his father. A gun pressed to the back of Angel's head. The EXPLOSION of muzzle flash... Blood sprays into Moises’ face. INT. MCCLEARY'S CADDY, IN FRONT OF JOE’S MOTHER'S HOUSE -
79) 0) text: Joe drops into view onto the exterior balcony. He turns t the window. CLOSE ON: Joe’s face as he stares in. INT. BEDROOM, MOTHER’S HOUSE - DAY 120 Joe’s POV of his Mother on the bed - A PILLOW OVER HER FA There is a tear in it and powder burns scorch the pillow case. He stares down at her from the bedside. O.S. The CREAKING of floorboards in 2 separate places - 2 sets of footfalls. The sound of a drawer being pulled o the crash of cutlery hitting a floor.... INT. UPSTAIRS HALLWAY, MOTHER’S HOUSE - DAY (FLASHBACK) 1 CLOSE ON: 8-yr-old Joe’s shins, angry red welts, his stockinged feet step over a specific floorboard. INT. JOE’S BEDROOM, MOTHER’S HOUSE - DAY 122 8-yr-old Joe crouches in the wardrobe. Hiding inside a PLASTIC DRY CLEANING BAG, his shallow breathing distorts face.
81) 0) text: O.S. One set of footsteps moves to the front door. Joe's eyes are closed, head tilting from to one side to t other as he maps the movements below him. The sound of th radio fades as the sounds of movement increase. O.S. The sound of footsteps walking over CUTLERY on dinin area floor. INT. LIVING ROOM, MOTHER’S HOUSE - DAY (FLASHBACK) 126 The SILVER CUTLERY and mahogany case sparkle on the livin room floor. Joe's Mother is slumped beside it. His Father's feet stride away, a bottle of whiskey swings his free hand. Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 60A. A Ball peen HAMMER drops to the floor. 127 128 129 Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 61. 8-yr-old Joe watches from underneath the sofa. His Mother stares at him. Blood runs from her ear.
82) 0) text: Joe is at the top of the stairs. Eye’s closed in concentration. His finger moves onto the trigger of McCleary’s gun. INT. STAIRCASE - HALLWAY, MOTHER’S HOUSE - DAY. 128 Joe comes down the stairs like an express train, gun draw One continuous move takes him as he spins, firing two sho in quick succession. A long EERIE SILENCE broken by the beep of an incoming te message and the faint sound of a Gunman’s fingernails scratching at the floor. REVEAL - One gunman keels over. Dead. The other is on his belly, crawling away towards the kitchen. INT. KITCHEN, MOTHER’S HOUSE - DAY 129 Staying low Joe stands over to the body of the dead Gunma He rifles through his jacket pocket for his phone - reads text... “is he there yet?" Joe types, “all quiet” and hits Send. CLOSE ON: Joe’s hand filling a glass of water from the faucet. The same 1990 Pop hit heard in Kuwait plays from the radi He grabs a CHINTZY TEA TOWEL then slides down the sink un to the floor. CLOSE ON: the bottle pills from the Midtown drug dealer - shakes out 2 pills. He downs one... The 2nd Gunman lies slumped across from Joe. He’s in bad shape, bleeding out from the bullet to the stomach. Joe, tosses the Gunman the chintzy tea towel. The Gunman uses his free hand to limply clutch it to his stomach to staunch the bleeding. Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 61a. Joe crawls towards him, feeds him the other pill, holding glass of water to his lips. Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 62. Joe pulls himself into a sitting position beside the Gunm The Gunman looks at him, unfocused.
82) 1) dialog: Where's the girl? A HARD CUT in the O.S. Radio music. Later in the song, a different tempo. Time has passed.
82) 4) dialog: You work for him?
82) 7) dialog: What do you have on him?
82) 10) dialog: Where's the girl? The gunman stares at him. Past him. Joe gently takes the Gunman’s hand that still clutches the blood-soaked chintz tea towel to his stomach.
83) 0) text: The Caddy takes the Harlem River Dr. North to the lower l of the George Washington and crosses into Jersey. INT. MCCLEARY’S CADDY, WOODLAND, NEW JERSEY - DAY (LATER) Joe drives across a river dam.
84) 0) text: FROM BEHIND: Joe winds through woodland down a steep dirt path, cradling his mother’s body as his footfalls falter the uneven ground. Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 64A. The arching branches open up to reveal the edge of a vast lake. 139 140 Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 65.
85) 0) text: The shrouded form of Joe’s Mother lies in state across a broad rock at the water’s edge. CLOSE ON: Joe’s hands precisely placing a neat row of personal effects, the photograph of Nina, McCleary’s gun, amongst the foliage at the edge of lake. CLOSE ON: Joe’s hands as he scoops up a heavy flat rock.
86) 0) text: UNDERWATER: Joe’s feet stumble across the coarse shale of lake bed. Joe wades chest deep into the river pushing his Mother’s corpse ahead of him. Flat rocks weigh her down so that sh barely touches the surface of the water. He gently immerses the plastic bundle and with his finger tears open a small hole to the side of her head. Snow white hair pours out into the black water, wafting l reeds. Silently the black plastic crimps and flexes as air leach from it. As Joe walks deeper the small body slowly sinks below the surface in his arms. The water reaches his eyes. UNDERWATER - The pockets of his suit bulge with rocks fro the lakeside. He takes another step forward and disappears under the surface.
86) 2) text: FOLLOWING JOE - His clothes are dripping wet. The rhythm his sodden shoes the only sound. O.S Nina’s countdown continuous... NINA’S VOICE (0.S.) 220, 219, 218..
91) 0) text: Joe's face as the clear plastic bag is suddenly sucked on his skin, distorting his features into an inhuman mask.
92) 0) text: Steam rises from the bathtub. A SLOW ZOOM. The bare bulb illuminating the room shimmers in the steam Joe lies in the water with a wet face towel obscuring his eyes and mouth. A SLOW ZOOM. CLOSER on Joe. His breathing under the towel is wet and laboured. His eye sockets sunken.
93) 0) text: Joe’s SUNDAY SUIT hangs on the back of the bathroom door, wrapped in an ALBANY DRY CLEANER’S plastic bag. A ball peen hammer, duct tape & cable ties lie on the mot bed. O.S. The sound of tearing DUCT TAPE. A pause in the teari sound. WET Laboured breathing...
93) 8) dialog: I must do better sir, I must do better sir, I must do better sir, I must do better sir... Joe repeats it, again and again, over this repetition, an amazing high energy pop song swells to full pitch. He sto repeating himself. He listens to the music, Joe is euphor elated, light. 172
94) 0) text: Joe stands sentry at a gas pump. The dollars slowly climb the digital display. It is interminable.
95) 0) text: Joe is sat at the table. His gaze is fixed on where he wa previously standing. Eileen Barton’s If I Knew You Were Coming I'd Have Baked Cake drifts from a tinny PA, reflecting off plastic surfa A few travellers now populate the diner... A MIDDLE AGED MAN sat beside an oxygen tank, drawing brea through a hand held mask - A WOMAN and her TEENAGE DAUGHT schoolwork spread in front of them - AN ELDERLY COUPLE lo discussing an imminent hospital visit - A PAIR OF SUITS, commuters, en route to the city. Joe sucks the last drops of a milk shake from a metal cup Joe has drank it too quickly, he has a brain freeze. It i painful, but he works through it, he then reaches for a second milkshake from a group of three other empty milksh glasses. Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 78. A cacophony of voices rises above the music, punctuated w the wheeze of oxygen inhalation...
95) 8) dialog: You saved my life.
95) 11) dialog: I just woke up.
95) 13) dialog: (sincerely) You have a nice day too. He looks out the window. 181 182 Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 80. The Waitress catches his eye line, takes in the view. She turns and heads back to the other waitresses who are cooing over a mewling newborn in its mothers arms. Above the low buildings of the Travel Plaza orange dawn catches fire along the edges of the grey shroud sky.
95) 14) dialog: It’s a nice day. curt TO
96) 0) text: Joe strides across the parking lot. His face is focussed, his movement is purposeful. OFF BLACK the trunk of the rental swings open, revealing He tosses the Glock in. Joe POV: - The dead Gunmen’s pistols, suppressors, McClea revolver, three new hammers - the tools of his trade all triplicate. INT. JOE’S RENTAL CAR, ROADSIDE DINER - DAWN 182 Joe fires his car’s ignition, the radio comes on. CLOSE ON, Joe sat behind the wheel. 183 184 Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 81.
97) 0) text: Joe's car pulls out of the diner’s lot. NINA’S VOICE (0.S.) 8, 7, Gees
98) 0) text: The first rays of the rising sun flare the lens with sear white light illuminating the freeway sign. CLOSE ON: Joe, his eyes fixed on the road ahead, his face with a look of sheer determination. NINA’S VOICE (0.S. CONT’D) 3, 2, 1. CUT TO Black.