60) 2) dialog: Joe takes the photograph from his top pocket. The girl’s eyes are closed. He puts a hand to her cheek - reaction. He gently raises one eyelid between his finger thumb. For a moment there is a bright blue iris anda dilated pupil before her eye rolls back. Joe is taken aback. It’s HER. Her neck arches back into the pillow and her whole body begins to stiffen. Joe leans in and levers the girl’s thin body into a seate position. Her head and arms flop forward like a rag doll. He lifts her chin with his free hand.
61) 0) text: The 2nd fallen Guard still fills one half of the width of corridor, slumped on his knees, head cowled forward again the wall. A NAKED JOHN stands in the corridor, blocking Joe’s passa He grasps a 7" hunting knife in one hand. His chest is emblazoned with an Eye of Providence tattoo. Joe gently lets down Nina. She ahead stares implacably. The rise and fall of Naked John’s chest. The Eye of Providence stares unblinking... CLOSE ON: Nina’s face. Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 42A. (O.S.) The sound of the almighty collision of BODIES. 86 87 88 89 Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 43.
62) 0) text: The EMPTY STAIRWELL. Joe's feet step over the sprawled body of the first Guard he marches to the front door, seemingly in step with the thud of techno music from the P.A. Nina’s tiny socked fee follow a pace behind.
63) 0) text: At the top of the stoop Joe peers down the street - no co cars. About six minutes have elapsed since Joe entered the brot With the girl light in his arms, he moves quickly to his rental. In one delicate move he has Nina in the front sea She is all but out of it; but not completely. Stepping around the trunk of the car Joe flings open the passenger door and drags Towel Boy out by the shoulders a dumps him on the sidewalk. CLOSE ON: A storm drain opening. Joe crouches by the kerb he fits the bloodied hammer through the opening, dropping as deeply as his arm will reach inside. The cell phone jammer from his inside jacket pocket follows the hammer i the storm drain.
64) 0) text: CLOSE ON: Nina through the passenger window. A cascade of reflections and rainwater play across the glass as she st into the middle distance. A cop car passes sirens and lig blaring. CLOSER - her lips as they murmur. She continues her count down. 90 91 Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 44,
66) 0) text: Joe relaxes his grip on the steering wheel. Nina’s gaze is fixed on him... on his right arm. She reaches forward and touches him with her fingertips. There’s a 2” knife cut through his shirt and blood is soa through. Joe hasn’t noticed till now. Nina stares at her fingertips, mesmerized by the scarlet blood coating them. Joe unbuckles his seat belt and flips open the glove compartment. He removes a sanitary napkin and rubbing alcohol, he pours some on the napkin and places it over h wound. CLOSE ON: in the rear view mirror, Joe’s mouth clenches t against the searing pain, jaw set as his teeth grit hard. She continues to watch with fascination as Joe goes throu the process of attending to his wound.
66) 1) dialog: What do I call you? Joe hands her a make-up wipe to remove the blood from her fingers. Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 45. Joe reaches for the can of Coke and chocolate and hands t to Nina.
66) 2) dialog: Where are we going? CLOSE ON: Nina’s fingernails as they strain to open the r pull. She abandons it half cocked and hands it back to Jo He pops it open.
66) 4) dialog: How do you know my name?
66) 6) dialog: Is he angry at me? O.S. The sound of an approaching car - the clump as it ta the entrance ramp to the car park, the dry echo of tires concrete... Joe's eyes fix on the rear view mirror as the headlights an anonymous sedan sweep past his car. He turns the ignit key just enough to fire the electrics and adjusts the ang of his door mirror. In the mirror he can see the sedan as it pulls up, an indistinct figure at the wheel. Joe wipes a discreet porthole in the condensation building up on his window to reveal - a man in a tuxedo and black tie as he hurries aw in the direction of the exit ramp. Satisfied, Joe turns h attention back to Nina. Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 46. She has eaten almost all the chocolate, some of which has smeared onto her lips and cheeks. A crudely drawn smiley face adorns her passenger window. Nina burps. She raises a hand to her mouth and peers over surprised and off guard. Joe's face wears a massive grin in response. Nina offers Joe the last square of chocolate in the packe He shakes his head. Nina is unwavering in her offer.
66) 8) dialog: ..-It’s not the last piece in the world... He takes it from her and puts it into his mouth. He close his eyes and allows himself to relax back into his seat. O.S. - A distinctive clunk as Nina releases the latch of seat belt. A rasp as the nylon belt retracts. Joe looks over to her.
66) 9) dialog: I need to go...
66) 12) dialog: What’s your name?
66) 14) dialog: I've finished Joe.
66) 16) dialog: Don’t tell Mommy... Wordlessly Joe leans past her, grasps the dangling seat b buckle. Nina flings her arms around him and buries her face in hi chest. Joe firmly draws the seat belt back across her, untanglin her arms from around his neck, breaking the moment - a si signal that she should stop. Nina slumps into her seat. Her head rolls back to the passenger side window. The smiley face on the glass besid her has begun to run - tears of a clown.
68) 0) text: Kitsch lounge musak pipes soothing piano into the low ren surroundings. Joe carries Nina ‘piggy back’ past the reception booth. H hair sticks to her wet face, she is still dozing, her dir bare feet hang loosely by Joe's side. He takes to the bot of the stairs. On Joe’s back as he disappears from view. The Bell-hop taps out a ‘rim shot’ on the reception desk his drumsticks oblivious to Joe’s entrance.
69) 0) text: Musak from the lobby fades, giving way to a heightened mi sounds passing through closed hotel room doors - porn, mo furniture, a muffled cry. Joe carries Nina. 95 Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 49. She rests her head on his shoulder, hovering between slee and wakefulness - obscenely childlike in the harsh lighti
69) 1) dialog: (whispered, barely audible) Mommy went away.
70) 0) text: CLOSE ON the photographs Joe took from Votto. Nina holds between finger and thumb, studying them intently. The OVEREXPOSED SELFIE -
70) 1) dialog: Is that me? She is sat in the one armchair in the room, Joe’s jacket drawn around her shoulders. Joe reaches in with a wet wip and smooths away chocolate smears from her face.
70) 3) dialog: The crying man. Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 499A. Her finger points to the TV. Joe looks up. The news cast cuts to a studio anchor, a portrait photograph of SENATOR WILLIAMS emblazoned with “SUICIDE?” displayed beside them. O.S. The electronic mechanical sound of the room key unlocking the door. Joe immediately stands and darts to the door. It opens. The drumming BELL HOP stands in the doorway. A BRIGHT FLASH OF LIGHT and the explosion of a firing gun His forehead erupts. Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 50. CLOSE ON: Joe’s face as the BELL HOP’s blood spatters ove him. TWO MEN with raised pistols. The ALPHA of the pair twitches his gun, gesturing Joe int the living area of the room, seating him at the foot of t bed next to Nina, she turns the tv off. The OTHER MAN holsters his weapon and crosses to Nina, slinging her over his shoulder like a money sack. He head for the door.
70) 4) dialog: (0.S.)
70) 6) dialog: (Louder but muffled through the door) ) «JOE... Alpha stands over Joe, raises his gun full stock...
74) 0) text: Joe propped up against the side of a building, rain falls around him. A stray dog, sniffs around the area. Joe eases the PLIERS into his open mouth. He digs around taking time to get purchase, deep inside. Joe suppresses the need to scream. EXTREME CLOSE UP: A BROKEN TOOTH - a Molar, split in two. Joe's bloodied fingertips set it down. Joe collapses back. (O.S.) Nina’s whispered count down. Goldenrod Pages - 8.29.2016 52A.
74) 1) dialog: 
85) 0) text: The shrouded form of Joe’s Mother lies in state across a broad rock at the water’s edge. CLOSE ON: Joe’s hands precisely placing a neat row of personal effects, the photograph of Nina, McCleary’s gun, amongst the foliage at the edge of lake. CLOSE ON: Joe’s hands as he scoops up a heavy flat rock.
86) 2) text: FOLLOWING JOE - His clothes are dripping wet. The rhythm his sodden shoes the only sound. O.S Nina’s countdown continuous... NINA’S VOICE (0.S.) 220, 219, 218..
86) 8) dialog: Don’t tell Mommy... A MONTAGE of images and dialogue - overlapping and confus underscored to the rhythm of the train tracks...
87) 0) text: Senator Williams cries, Nina with her back turned to him.
89) 0) text: CLOSE ON: Nina’s tiny feet disappear out of view as the d to room 719 snaps shut.
90) 0) text: A GIRL’S PALE BARE FEET (Nina’s) dart between black tree trunks, stuttering in and out view. The briefest of glimpses, then she is gone.
95) 7) dialog: Joe?.... Joe looks up... Smiles at her as he holds up his cup.
97) 0) text: Joe's car pulls out of the diner’s lot. NINA’S VOICE (0.S.) 8, 7, Gees
98) 0) text: The first rays of the rising sun flare the lens with sear white light illuminating the freeway sign. CLOSE ON: Joe, his eyes fixed on the road ahead, his face with a look of sheer determination. NINA’S VOICE (0.S. CONT’D) 3, 2, 1. CUT TO Black.