54) 0) text: CLUNK - the windscreen wipers kick in automatically. With JUDDER they clear the shadow of accumulated raindrops fro Joe's face. CLOSE ON: Joe’s eyes - the crawling retreat of distorted water patterns in the wiper’s wake. His 1000 yard stare draws into closer focus. Rear-view mirror: Joe watches as... The TOWEL BOY, in jeans and a thick hooded sweat shirt, emerges from the brothel front door - sent out on an erra Joe studies him - he’s clearly not a ‘John’ or security. He darts from the car.
55) 0) text: The towel boy is shoved into the back seat of the car. Joe makes quick work with the cable ties, duct tape. He binds Towel Boy’s wrists behind his back with a cable then fastens his legs together at the ankles and the knee Towel Boy’s eyes start to focus, he gasps a little less audibly. Joe eases off the back seat, exits the rear door and retu to the drivers seat. He faces forward, eyes locked back o the rear view mirror.
55) 3) dialog: (whispers ) Two.
55) 6) dialog: You promise you won’t kill me.
55) 8) dialog: (speaking quickly, half gasping) One guy guards the first floor, with the cameras, and one guy on the second floor. He sits in the hallway. 36. Joe takes the picture of Nina from his shirt breast pocke and hits the overhead light. He holds the snapshot in fro of Towel boy’s face.
55) 10) dialog: Playground?
55) 15) dialog: Maybe... Thinner... blonde hair, cut short? I don’t know... .-.I’m not lying to you mister. I swear I don’t know! Joe let’s this terror hang.
55) 17) dialog: Third floor.
55) 19) dialog: Rich guys.
55) 21) dialog: No...
55) 23) dialog: 
63) 0) text: At the top of the stoop Joe peers down the street - no co cars. About six minutes have elapsed since Joe entered the brot With the girl light in his arms, he moves quickly to his rental. In one delicate move he has Nina in the front sea She is all but out of it; but not completely. Stepping around the trunk of the car Joe flings open the passenger door and drags Towel Boy out by the shoulders a dumps him on the sidewalk. CLOSE ON: A storm drain opening. Joe crouches by the kerb he fits the bloodied hammer through the opening, dropping as deeply as his arm will reach inside. The cell phone jammer from his inside jacket pocket follows the hammer i the storm drain.