3) 19) dialog: 
3) 33) dialog: Nobody asked for that.
3) 41) dialog: 
3) 44) dialog: We'll be performing the Bard's comedies as modern tragedies outside Whole Foods across town! (very pleased with himself) It’s something we did last year in my program in Barthelona. When I lived in Barthelona. Molly closes her eyes, too annoyed to retort.
3) 45) dialog: I'll be directing and Alan may be starring pending auditions.
3) 49) dialog: Gross.
3) 54) dialog: You are a philistine.
3) 56) dialog: Some of us know how to play well with others.
3) 58) dialog: Nobody's winning in that outfit. George glares at her as Miss Fine stands and CLAPS her ha
20) 7) dialog: Alan, you don’t have to do your entrance every time someone arrives! (then, seeing the girls) What are you guys doing here?
20) 10) dialog: It’s a murder mystery party. I’ve been prepping for months. Molly looks around, realizing--
20) 15) dialog: You're at a ten and I need you at a two! (CONTINUED )
20) 20) dialog: “Adorable farmer new to the city.”
20) 22) dialog: (pinning one on Molly) And “hideous, barren orthodontist.”
20) 26) dialog: Your backstories are in those packets.
20) 28) dialog: Is that the party where someone ate a ghost pepper? (CONTINUED )
20) 32) dialog: Somebody here came from that party I think. Maybe the Mayor? (shooing them) Go. Immerse yourselves. Review your histories in the parlor. Molly grabs Amy and drags her into the parlor.
21) 10) dialog: (walking by, to the BODY) Aaron, I can see you breathing. (to Gigi, “directing” ) Gigi, mmm...dig deeper. Gigi goes back to SOBBING over the body. Molly and Amy ke walking, so confused. They push open a door revealing-- GEORGE'S MOM, DAD and 10 YEAR-OLD SISTER doing a PUZZLE i the kitchen. George’s Mom looks up. GEORGE’S MOM Oh, is it over?
21) 11) dialog: (walking by) Mom DO NOT TALK TO THE ACTORS! The house is mine until llpm!! His sister gives him a look--
21) 12) dialog: I swear to fucking God Cindy... Molly and Amy hurry out of the kitchen, running directly Gigi, waiting for them with a smile.
22) 0) text: Downstairs, George is settling everyone in to dinner when they hear the THUMP from upstairs. Annoyed, he rings his DINNER BELL for a very passive-aggressively amount of tim INT. GEORGE'S SISTER’S ROOM - NIGHT MOLLY'S POV: she’s flat on the floor. Everything looks hu She sits up and sees her PLASTIC HAND--
23) 1) dialog: Now that our amuse bouche of bacon- wrapped dates is over, why don’t we play a rousing round of “J’ACUSSE!” Suddenly they hear a CRASH-- and then see a still super-h Molly and Amy walk past, not bending their arms or legs, dolls. It’s like they’re in stiff slow motion. The group watches, bewildered, as Molly and Amy doll-walk outside. Molly stops at the door and turns to the table:
23) 4) dialog: The orthodontist. EXT. GEORGE’S HOUSE - A LITTLE LATER Molly and Amy lay on the lawn, finally coming down. Amy p one hand under her bra and another down her pants.
32) 36) dialog: This song goes out to my cast. He starts singing Alanis Morissette’s “YOU OUGHTA KNOW.” They've projected the LYRICS onto the wall with Nick’s Au old projector. George sings VERY emotionally as Gigi watc aroused. Amy and Ryan laugh at George, whispering to each other. At one point Ryan flings her arm across Amy's thig Amy tries to stay calm but she can’t hide a beaming grin.
32) 37) dialog: You-- You-- You OUGHTTA KNOW! ALAN! He collapses as Gigi comforts him. The mic is free, and R grabs Amy, trying to pull her onstage--
32) 43) dialog: You can tell she’s not supporting, no breath control, but it’s good! It’s on pitch! Amy finishes with a flourish and Ryan grabs her in a hug.
49) 2) dialog: Good morning!
50) 14) dialog: Okay! That went over, but I will not be cutting down my allotted time. (calling back) Gigi, hit the track! 100. INT. AMY’S ROOM - LATER THAT DAY Molly and a very emotional Charmaine help Amy pack.