3) 0) text: Molly and Amy walk back down the hallway. Amy watches as NICK holds court with his friends TANNER and THEO and a T OF GIRLS all trying to flirt with him. Nick RAMS his head into his locker, popping it open. Everyone laughs.
4) 0) text: Molly walks her lunch past Nick as he’s trying to catch c Theo’s throwing in his mouth. She approaches him.
4) 2) dialog: One second.
4) 6) dialog: Sorry, we're playing a game where I’ve gotta catch it in my mouth, it’s complicated.
7) 3) dialog: For college? I thought the whole thing was that we weren’t supp--
7) 6) dialog: Georgetown, jeez. Amy's surprised. Nick just takes off again. Molly sees Ho adjusting her makeup in the reflection of a trophy case--
7) 13) dialog: 
31) 0) text: Molly's jolted back to reality as the real Nick crushes a BEER CAN on his forehead across the room. Suddenly a RAND PARTIER walking by spots Molly and Amy and stops--
32) 32) dialog: Holyyyy SHIT. MOLLY'S HERE?! He’s a little drunk and genuinely delighted to see her.
32) 33) dialog: Are you really here? Is this a mirage? Did I get President Molly to come out on a weekend?
32) 35) dialog: Okay, sit down. Sit right here. Right next to me. Student Council ticket versus those douchebags. I've been waiting for this since like second grade. He starts arranging the beer pong cups. Molly tries to hi her grin as she attempts to help. INT. GUEST ROOM - NICK’S AUNT’S HOUSE - NIGHT George stands dramatically with the karaoke microphone.
34) 0) text: Nick watches as Molly focuses, then sinks another cup. Sh and Nick CHEER, then do a victory handshake.
34) 1) dialog: Okay, listen. Pong is supposed to be my thing. So if you could tone it down, just for my self-esteem... (CONTINUED )
34) 5) dialog: It’s crazy that we never hung out outside of school. You seem like you’re all work and no play, but you're pretty fun.
34) 7) dialog: You are fun. He grins down at her. Are they flirting?! INT. LIVING ROOM - NICK’S AUNT’S HOUSE - NIGHT Theo approaches Miss Fine by the fireplace.
35) 0) text: Nick throws a pong ball and misses.
35) 2) dialog: It’s easy to have an arc when you're like three feet tall. I’m looking straight down.
35) 4) dialog: How tall do you think I am? This is the sexiest moment of Molly’s life. She stands next to him. A beat.
35) 7) dialog: My teammates aren’t usually this mean!
35) 9) dialog: No way. I fuck with Hufflepuffs. Molly's heart skips a beat.
35) 11) dialog: Yeah. You’re like a half-Ravenclaw, half-Slytherin, right? He might as well have undressed her. right (CONTINUED )
35) 15) dialog: Shit, I gotta go make sure those idiots don’t hurt themselves. (puts his hands on her shoulders) Stay right here. Don’t move. We're winning this game. Don’t move.
35) 17) dialog: Stay right there. He jogs outside, high-fiving people or slapping backs on way. Molly watches him go, giddy.
37) 0) text: Underwater, Amy looks for Ryan, but can’t find her in the of people. She swims through the crowd. Then she sees two pairs of legs wrapped around each other She freezes, staring at the legs, starting to get a reall bad feeling. EXT. NICK’S POOL - NIGHT Amy slowly surfaces to find...RYAN AND NICK MAKING OUT. And with that, Amy’s heart breaks. She’s an idiot. (CONTINUED )