3) 0) text: Molly and Amy walk back down the hallway. Amy watches as NICK holds court with his friends TANNER and THEO and a T OF GIRLS all trying to flirt with him. Nick RAMS his head into his locker, popping it open. Everyone laughs.
3) 24) dialog: Miss Fine, you gonna come party with us tonight?
3) 26) dialog: Sorry, I was having a conversation with her, you were not a part of this--
4) 0) text: Molly walks her lunch past Nick as he’s trying to catch c Theo’s throwing in his mouth. She approaches him.
6) 2) dialog: Okay, so, I'd marry the sex doll, fuck the soccer ball, and kill Molly.
6) 4) dialog: There’s no other way. I can’t fuck her cause you know when I’m scared I can’t get hard. I can’t marry her cause I don’t believe in the institution. I have to kill Molly. And I know it’1l haunt me. I'ma peaceful person. Outside, another stall door opens and TRIPLE A emerges. (CONTINUED )
6) 8) dialog: I wish she was forty, man. Women in their forties know themselves.
6) 10) dialog: Her vag is probably stuffed with diplomas, how you wanna bet? I bet it’s like a filing cabinet.
6) 25) dialog: I’m not going to college. (then) I got recruited to code for Google. It’s not Apple but the bennies are tight and it’s mid six-figures.
6) 27) dialog: (shrugging) Rule of threes. Molly looks between them, realizing--
25) 0) text: --Molly and Amy slam their bags down at their usual table stretching their knuckles like they’re about to play Moza --Molly runs her fingers along a list of REAL ESTATE PURCHASES by people with the last name “Howland.” -- Amy makes notations on a huge MAP. --Molly reads a book of CITY RECORDS as a COLLEGE COUPLE loud, gross sex behind her. -- They watch a new SOCIAL MEDIA VIDEO: Theo’s preparing KARATE CHOP a stack of 15 PIZZA BOXES.
31) 5) dialog: The protest lady! Everyone's happy to see them. The girls are surprised. Mo peers around Tanner to find Nick, but he’s gone.
33) 0) text: Theo prepares a drink at the bar, practicing his game.
33) 1) dialog: (to himself) Miss Fine. Miss Foine. Sefiora Fine. (then) You ever made love to a Mexican?
34) 8) dialog: Hi Miss Fine.
34) 10) dialog: For you. I muddled the rosemary myself. Miss Fine takes the drink, skeptical, but her eyes go wid she sips it.
34) 12) dialog: (whispered) You're amazing. She stares at him for a beat.
47) 7) dialog: Morning, my queen.
47) 9) dialog: Last night was amazing. Can I see you again? Miss Fine grimaces, then gives him a tiny smile.