3) 15) dialog: I thought phones weren’t allowed in class, Miss Fine. Unless there’s an exception for ass kissers?
3) 17) dialog: I’m so sorry, these shorts don’t have pockets. GEORGE and ALAN, two magnificently dramatic theater kids, push their way toward their seats-- (CONTINUED )
6) 7) dialog: Are you talking about Molly Davidson? That girl is so weird. She always acts like she’s like, forty.
6) 12) dialog: Molly's like a Butterface for personality. A Butterpersonality. They all laugh. In the stall, Molly’s trying not to cry. takes a deep breath -- and then she sets her jaw, stands walks out. Everyone stops, awkward.
6) 16) dialog: I’m going to Yale, too. Molly just stares at her for a moment.
6) 18) dialog: I'm incredible at hand jobs. But I also got a 1560 on the SATs.
6) 20) dialog: I got in early.
6) 22) dialog: (innocently) Tanner, where are you going to school?
6) 31) dialog: I may pretend I don’t know you next year. No offense.
6) 33) dialog: No, we just don’t only care about school. A kernel of panic starts growing in Molly’s stomach.
41) 4) dialog: Really? Triple A just waits there. Molly thinks for a beat. Then turns to get in the car. INT. TRIPLE A’S CAR - NIGHT Molly closes the door behind her in the passenger seat. T drive in silence for a beat.
41) 5) dialog: You know this is why people say I gave guys “roadside assistance,” right? I gave them a ride home. That’s all. Molly’s stunned. A beat.
41) 6) dialog: Okay that’s not true I blew them. But it wasn’t like they ran out of gas and I showed up to suck their dicks while they waited for help. We hooked up in their cars. It makes sense to hook up in a car! I’m not gonna suck a dick in my own home when my dad could walk in at any moment! FUCKING SUE ME!
41) 8) dialog: You know what the worst part is? All the girls call me that, too. I knew Max and Ben and Dicksplinter would say stupid shit. But I didn’t think the girls would do it. Molly feels awful.
41) 12) dialog: Just don’t call me Triple A at Yale next year, okay? I want people to know my actual name.
41) 14) dialog: NO! Not right now! That was so cheesy! Molly smirks at her. Triple A smirks back. Then--
41) 15) dialog: Wait, where the fuck do you live?
47) 11) dialog: Did you fuck Miss Fine? INT. JARED’S MUSCLE CAR - DAY Amy drives like a madwoman, barely able to control the ca horsepower, as Molly screams in the front seat next to he