42) 0) text: BRENDA (30s, black) shakes hands with Eva and Bryan and sits across from them at a conference table, a job interview.
43) 0) text: Brenda and Eva stack the shelves with law books. Brenda’s now a part of the team as: PRE-LAP -- The phone RINGS. INT. EJI - DAY c58 The place is now a functioning, messy office. Brenda STOPS TYPING to pick up the RINGING phone --
43) 1) dialog: Equal Justice Initiative, this is Brenda. (quick beat) Okay -- just -- one moment, ma’am. (covers phone; to Bryan) Hey, Bryan, Mrs. Coleman has called three times this morning about her grandson. Sounds desperate. OFF Bryan’s nod --
44) 9) dialog: Grandma knows what she’s (nods to Brenda) doin’. Impressive. As Mrs. Coleman finishes her prayer, Bryan gives in --
49) 0) text: Bryan sits in the office, haunted by the memory as he updates Brenda and Eva.
49) 4) dialog: EJI. This is Brenda. (beat; listens) One sec. (CONTINUED)
49) 7) dialog: Darnell Houston.
60) 5) dialog: I do.
61) 0) text: The evidence custodian, DORIS (40, black), THUMPS two boxes on the counter in front of Brenda and Bryan.
61) 4) dialog: Married to his work. How’s Uncle Mickey doin’?
61) 6) dialog: Man’s gotta have a project. As Brenda keeps her occupied, Bryan goes through the boxes, pulls out a stack of cassette tapes, duplicate copies of each. He turns back to Doris, plays it cool --
62) 0) text: Eva and Brenda at the table, pore over the photocopied files. Bryan at his desk listening to the tapes on headphones -- faint VOICES bleeding through. Something grabs his attention. He jots a note. Hits STOP. REWIND. PULLS off his headphones --
63) 0) text: Bryan and Brenda walk in with TWO BOXES in hand. Eva takes them from Brenda and stacks them in the conference room with MORE BOXES -- they won the motion.
64) 0) text: Brenda writes labels on yellow stickies, cataloging a vast inventory of new evidence. Eva pulls a stack of files from a box, hands it to her. Bryan FLIPS through a THICK, RED BINDER. He finds something.
69) 0) text: Brenda feeds the “PETITION FOR A WRIT OF CERTIORARI” through a fax machine. Page header: “SUPREME COURT OF THE U.S.”
69) 1) dialog: Now what?
94) 0) text: Everyone turns to Walter as he tries to stand tall, keep his dignity, but fear is evident in his eyes. The place is PACKED WITH PEOPLE (WHITE and BLACK). At the front, Tommy and his assistant attorney sit at the prosecution table, Sheriff Tate in the seat behind them. Bryan's at the defense table, nervously checking his note Walter’s eyes land on Minnie in the first row. Eva and Brenda sit beside her, John and Jackie on her other side. Behind them, all of Walter’s FRIENDS AND FAMILY, giving him strength with their nods and smiles. Walter shares a look with Minnie laced with love and pain. Then he nods to John, who sits up tall, trying to be strong. He reaches the defense table. As Jeremy unlocks Walter’s cuffs, Bryan exchanges a reassuring look with him, though it’s impossible for either man to hide his nerves.
105) 0) text: EVERYONE is seated. Walter beside Bryan, nervous. Eva and Brenda are with Walter's family behind them. John is too nervous to look, lowers his head, arms on his knees. Minnie tenderly rubs his back with her hand. Tommy sits with his assistant, Tate behind them. Judge Foster, sitting at the bench, continues reading his decision --
124) 10) dialog: EJI, this is Brenda. OFF her look -- INT. EJI OFFICE - BRYAN’S OFFICE - MOMENTS LATER A153 Brenda KNOCKS on the opening to Bryan's office. As Bryan looks up from his cluttered desk --
134) 0) text: Bryan, Eva, and Brenda walk down the hall, exchanging concerned looks as they see a large group of PEOPLE in front of the courtroom doors. All of them are black. Walter’s FRIENDS and FAMILY. Bryan exchanges a concerned look with Eva as he finds Evelyn, Minnie, John, and the rest of Walter’s family.