3) 0) text: Framed through the Plexiglas of a metal door, BRYAN STEVENSON (early-20s), eyes that never stop thinking, stands nervously in an old suit as a GUARD opens the door. He hesitates before entering the 20-foot room, stools bolted to the floor, metal mesh for walls. It’s obvious he’s not used to being in a place like this. As the door SLAMS behind --
4) 3) dialog: Hi, Mr. Davis. I’m Bryan. Henry finally glances at him, nods.
4) 5) dialog: I’m here to, uh... sorry. I mean... (MORE) (CONTINUED)
4) 8) dialog: I don’t really have a lot of information to tell you right now.
4) 10) dialog: No, no. It’s fine. It’s, uh -- (clears his throat) The Southern Prisoners Defense Committee sent me to tell you that they don’t have a lawyer for you yet, but they hope to soon.
4) 12) dialog: Uh, no... I’m still in school, I'm just interning here for the summer. Henry doesn’t hide his disappointment.
4) 14) dialog: Oh, um. I am supposed to tell you that... you’re not at risk of execution any time in the next year. Henry stares. Bryan can’t read his expression. Henry puts his head down, lets out a long EXHALE, speaks without looking up --
4) 16) dialog: (hesitant) You’re not at risk of execution any time in the next year. Henry takes a BREATH, slowly nods to himself. When he finally looks up, he has tears in his eyes as he holds his hand out.
4) 20) text: Bryan grips his hand, surprised as he’s pulled in for a hug.
4) 23) dialog: Twenty-four.
5) 2) dialog: I used to play piano for my church back home.
5) 5) dialog: (plays along) All the time. (CONTINUED)
5) 9) dialog: Harvard.
5) 11) dialog: I’m in law school because I want to help people. But I haven’t really found the best way to do that yet. (beat; considers) Honestly, this internship has been my best experience so far.
5) 17) dialog: (surprised) I'm sorry, sir, it was my fault. I didn’t realize the time.
5) 19) dialog: Hey! Stop that! He didn’t do anything!
7) 0) text: FIND Bryan, one of FOUR STUDENTS OF COLOR in a class of 30. BETSY BARTHOLET (40s, white) leads the seminar.
7) 6) dialog: The Baldus study they presented proved that in Georgia, you're 11 times more likely to get the death penalty if the victim is white than if the victim is black, 22 times more likely if the defendant is black and the victim is white. Every way you look at it, race is the greatest predictor of who gets the death penalty.
7) 8) dialog: Over 2000 murder cases subjected to 230 nonracial variables. It was reliable enough for the Supreme Court to accept.
7) 10) dialog: Because they were afraid of trying to fix something they believed was unfixable. And they were wrong. (beat) In his dissent, Justice Brennan ridiculed the ruling as ‘a fear of too much justice.’
7) 12) dialog: Live with? The whole point is that some of us don’t have that luxury. Bryan takes a beat. All eyes on him now as -- (CONTINUED)
7) 15) dialog: I grew up in a racially segregated community in Delaware, where black kids weren't allowed to go to public school. But in Brown vs. Board of Education, the court didn’t say segregation was inevitable, they said it was unconstitutional. They forced the country to open up the schools, and that’s the only reason I’m in this classroom. That’s what the law can do when it’s used for justice. (beat) As long as the death penalty is administered on the basis of race or class, it’s as big a stain on our country as segregation or slavery. And I don’t think it’s naive to believe we can do something to change it.
7) 18) dialog: For what?
7) 22) dialog: What! HOWARD JR. (off Bryan’s look) I said it happened seven years ago!
7) 24) dialog: (shakes his head) You guys aren’t helping... HOWARD SR. (60s) looks out from the hood. HOWARD SR. When was the last time you checked your oil? (off Bryan’s shrug) I just added three quarts, but you should check again when you get there.
7) 25) dialog: Thanks, Dad. HOWARD SR. You talk to your mom yet?
7) 26) dialog: (looks around) Where is she? OFF their looks --
8) 0) text: Bryan finds Alice sweeping the porch. She doesn’t look up.
8) 1) dialog: What are you doing, Mom? (off her sweeping) You not gonna come say bye? Alice sweeps a few more times before finally giving him a piece of her mind. (CONTINUED)
8) 5) dialog: Come on, Mom.
8) 8) dialog: What didn’t he tell you?
8) 10) dialog: You know that’s not what I want to do.
8) 12) dialog: You taught me not to care about money, to do what my heart tells me is right.
8) 17) dialog: That first time I visited death row, I never expected to meet someone the same age as me, who grew up on the same music, ina neighborhood just like ours. He could have been any of the guys from Sussex County. (beat) I don’t want to move so far away from you, either. But you taught me to fight for the people who need it most. That’s why I’m going down there. I know I can help them. Alice looks at him, sees his passion, softening as --
8) 19) dialog: (nods; sincere) I will. Bryan pulls her into a hug. She puts her head on his shoulder, enjoying a final moment with her son. EXT./INT. HIGHWAY (ALABAMA) /BRYAN’S CIVIC - DAY 11 Bryan drives down the highway, lush grass and tall, stately pines on either side as MUSIC plays on the radio. The back of his Civic is stacked with boxes and books. He passes a large sign that reads: “WELCOME TO ALABAMA THE BEAUTIFUL.”
9) 0) text: As MUSIC continues to play, Bryan watches snapshots of Alabama float by his window -- (CONTINUED)
10) 0) text: Bryan's brown Civic pulls up to an old building in a decent part of town.
11) 0) text: Bryan walks down a hall, hears the fiery voice of EVA ANSLEY arguing with BILL FREEMAN (50s, white).
11) 4) dialog: Hey, Eva... (CONTINUED)
11) 13) dialog: We're providing legal services to people who need help.
11) 15) dialog: Not everyone is in there for good reason.
11) 26) dialog: It'll be find, we can work from anywhere.
11) 28) dialog: (to Chris) Oh, yeah?
11) 39) dialog: Hey, Eva.
11) 41) dialog: I just got here. She jumps out of the truck, her son CHRIS (6) right behind. She surprises him with a big hug, a bit much for their first meeting but he goes along with it. As she steps back --
11) 43) dialog: Hey, Chris.
11) 47) dialog: It’s okay. I get shy, too. Eva smiles, appreciates Bryan’s gesture.
11) 50) dialog: Thanks for all your help getting things set up.
11) 52) dialog: We can work from home till our funds come in. I should have our matching requirements for the federal grant soon.
11) 54) dialog: Mrs. Franklin?
11) 56) dialog: I’m Bryan, we spoke on the phone about your cottage for rent? (CONTINUED)
11) 60) dialog: Yes, ma’am. Off her silence, Bryan smiles, tries to keep it friendly.
11) 61) dialog: Uh, these are my friends Eva and Chris, here to help me move in.
11) 66) dialog: (gets his attention) I spoke to your wife three times last week. We had an agreement to --
11) 71) dialog: (sarcastic) Maybe I should have sent them a photo.
11) 73) dialog: (as he turns) I think we have enough on our plate right now. Eva grabs Chris’ hand as they walk back, looks to Bryan.
12) 0) text: Chris builds some Lincoln Logs on the couch as Bryan sits at the table with Eva and DOUG (30s), almost done with dinner. Wine for Eva and Doug, water for Bryan. Eva has the floor:
12) 9) dialog: Is he the reason you got into this?
12) 17) dialog: And before you found out I couldn’t pay you anything.
13) 0) text: Bryan runs by the courthouse. (VARIOUS SHOTS in this area.)
14) 0) text: Bryan runs along the river. + eH 17 JUST MERCY - Rev. 10/8/18 (Buff) 20A. INT./EXT. BRYAN’S CIVIC/ROAD TO HOLMAN PRISON - DAY 17 Bryan drives down a long country road. Ready, but tense as -- he drives past 25 PRISONERS swinging hoes and sickles to cut the grass as 2 GUARDS on horseback watch over them. The snapshot of slavery gives him chills.
14) 1) text: 18 19 20 JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 21. INT./EXT. BRYAN’S CIVIC/HOLMAN PRISON - DAY Bryan drives -- a break in the trees, Holman Correctional Facility. A vast, imposing structure of concrete and steel.
15) 0) text: Bryan's Civic pulls into the parking lot. He gets out, straightens his jacket, and heads inside, determined.
16) 0) text: Bryan's first time in the massive prison complex. He waits as JEREMY (early 30s, white), a muscular, heavily- tattooed guard, looks at his I.D., signs him in. Bryan notices the Confederate flag tattooed on his forearm. Jeremy's SUPERVISOR (50s, white) doesn’t look up from his auto magazine.
16) 1) dialog: I scheduled meetings with six clients today.
16) 3) dialog: (calmly) I just moved here. Jeremy SUCKS at his teeth, stares at the I.D. again.
16) 5) dialog: (is he really asking? ) Yes. Jeremy looks him up and down, suspicious.
16) 9) dialog: (beat; shocked) Attorneys aren’t strip-searched for legal visits.
17) 0) text: Bryan stands shirtless as Jeremy feels through his jacket before tossing it on the table.
18) 0) text: Bryan sits at a table in a bare room. Across from him sits HERBERT RICHARDSON (mid-40s). A small, introverted black man, with a stutter and nervous tick.
18) 3) dialog: I believe you. Herbert takes that in, hasn't heard those words in a while.
18) 5) dialog: There’s always something we can do. (deep care and sincerity) Whatever you've done, your life is still meaningful, and I’m going to do everything possible to keep them from taking it. (CONTINUED)
18) 8) dialog: Can you tell me more about what happened?
18) 9) text: THE DAY PASSES BY --— -- Bryan's coat is on the chair behind him now, trying to keep up, taking down notes as he listens to another BLACK PRISONER, once again across the table. Then -- -- TWO MORE PRISONERS, one HISPANIC, one WHITE. SHORT JUMP CUTS. Similar framing. Sharing their stories, BITS OF DIALOGUE cut to form a single story of an unfair system --
19) 0) text: A GUARD ushers in Walter McMillian, tired and worn from the last year and a half in prison. Bryan stands, feels Walter’s eyes on him as the guard leaves. Walter’s face betrays no judgement.
19) 2) dialog: Um, that would be me. (beat) I’m Bryan Stevenson, it’s good to meet you, Mr. McMillian. (CONTINUED)
19) 7) dialog: Well, uh... first thing we can do is appeal for a re-trial --
19) 9) dialog: Okay, we can file for a reconsideration on that... then a direct appeal to the Court of Criminal Appeals, and work our way up to the State Supreme Court. If we’re denied there, we can file a Rule 32, then a federal habeas petition, and if all that fails, we'll take your case to the Supreme Court. Walter looks at him, unconvinced.
19) 14) dialog: I understand how hard that must be. BOOM! Walter hits the table, emotional as he shakes his head.
19) 16) dialog: That’s not what I think. Walter stares, emotions brewing.
19) 22) dialog: Mr. McMillian.
19) 25) dialog: (stands) Mr. McMillian, please. I’ve made no assumptions about you or anything you’ve done. I’m here to help. Walter sees the passion in Bryan’s eyes, but as the guard opens the door, he turns and walks out of the room. Bryan is left in shock, trying to process everything that just happened. INT. DEATH ROW/WALTER’S CELL - LATER 25 The guard leads Walter down a long row of 18 cells, a second row above. A CACOPHONY of noise washes over them - RADIOS AND TVS at full blast, the deafening CHORUS OF INMATES TALKING AND SHOUTING, a voice SCREAMING nonsense upstairs. They stop at Walter’s cell. A steel-mesh door covering the bars. The door slides open as Walter steps --
20) 0) text: Bryan sits on the ground in the living room, illuminated by a single lamp. The couch made up for a bed. Spread out in front of him are 4 VOLUMES of transcripts and a folder full of records from Walter McMillian’s case. INSERT CLOSEUP DOCUMENT 1 -- “Walter ‘Johnny D’ McMillian case no. #####.” INSERT CLOSEUP DOCUMENT 2 -- “Ralph Myers -- quote from testimony...” (CONTINUED)
22) 0) text: REVEAL: Bryan at the table, surrounded by papers, bloodshot eyes, a mad scientist in the middle of his work.
22) 2) dialog: I don’t think McMillian did it.
23) 0) text: Bryan at the table with an almost-empty box, papers sprawled around. Eva sits beside him, drinking coffee.
23) 1) dialog: They have no motive, no physical evidence, no corroborating circumstances. The State based its entire case on the testimony of one man. Ralph Myers. Bryan hands her a photograph of RALPH MYERS (40s), a frail, white man with burn scars across half his face and neck.
23) 2) dialog: He’s been in and out of prison most his life. When he testified, he was on trial for a different murder, which he ended up getting thirty years for.
23) 6) dialog: In his statement, he said Johnny D approached him at a gas station and forced him at gunpoint to drive to Jackson Cleaners because his arm was hurting.
23) 8) dialog: When they get there, Johnny D tells him to wait in the truck while he goes inside. Then, while he waits for his kidnapper, instead of running, or going to the police, he drives to a liquor store for cigarettes, and then comes back to the crime scene.
23) 10) dialog: Then he hears gunshots, goes inside, and sees the body of Ronda Morrison lying face-up on the floor and Johnny D standing over her with some older white man who he claimed was the one ‘in charge.’
23) 12) dialog: They have one other witness to back his testimony, a young black man named Bill Hooks. Says he saw Johnny D’s lowrider truck leaving the cleaners around the time of the murder. That’s it. Eva lays out photos of Ronda Morrison, Ralph Myers, and McMillian as she tries to wrap her mind around it. (CONTINUED)
23) 16) dialog: Almost a year.
23) 18) dialog: There’s gotta be more than this. (beat; considers) I want to set a meeting with the D.A.
23) 20) dialog: So maybe he’s not aligned with the rest of these guys?
24) 0) text: Bryan's Civic drives down a country road, passing a sign that reads: “Welcome to Monroeville, home of To Kill A Mockingbird."
25) 0) text: Bryan sits in the small waiting room, looks to TRACY (40s, white), the secretary. She smiles warmly. (CONTINUED)
25) 4) dialog: (smiles) Uh... no, ma’‘am.
25) 8) dialog: (surprised) Oh, yeah? They both take a seat, Tommy’s desk between them.
25) 10) dialog: We're just giving legal assistance to people who can’t afford it. (CONTINUED)
25) 16) dialog: I'd like to talk about Johnny D McMillian.
25) 18) dialog: That’s why I wanted to meet you... I’ve read through the record a few times now, and I have some serious doubts about the reliability of his conviction. (hands transcript over) If you could take a look at the sections I highlighted, you'll see some obvious problems with Ralph Myers’ testimony. A beat, as Tommy flips through the pages.
25) 20) dialog: I understand that, but there are some serious problems with this case and I’m hoping I can get your support to find out what really happened. (CONTINUED)
25) 24) dialog: Even if it was based on false testimony?
25) 26) dialog: Then I must be the only one who read the record because it’s pretty obvious. Tommy stares at him, doesn’t like the implication.
25) 28) dialog: My job isn’t to make people happy, it’s to achieve justice for my client. Tommy smiles, reaches for a file and hands it to him.
25) 30) dialog: I asked for copies of all the police and witness statements you have on the case. (CONTINUED)
25) 35) dialog: This is a joke. Where’s the rest of it?
25) 38) dialog: (stands to face him) You can expect that motion soon.
27) 0) text: Bryan stands at a pay phone.
27) 1) dialog: I honestly don’t think he ever read the record. Eva takes the plate of apples to the back door, holds the door open to see Chris and his FRIEND playing in the yard.
27) 3) dialog: I’m going to stop at Jackson Cleaners before I see his family.
27) 5) dialog: I hope that’s a joke.
28) 0) text: Bryan walks up to the front door, chained up and closed for business. He pushes his face to the glass, looks inside. (CONTINUED)
28) 5) dialog: Yes, ma’am, Bryan Stevenson.
28) 7) dialog: So good to meet you. Bryan goes for a handshake but she gives him a hug, a small gesture that immediately puts him at ease. (CONTINUED)
28) 11) dialog: Looks like more than a few. He doesn’t let the pressure faze him, smiles warmly as -- INT. WALTER'S HOUSE - KITCHEN - MOMENTS LATER 4l Bryan stands, pen and notepad ready. 30 FAMILY MEMBERS AND FRIENDS surround, everyone TALKING at the same time as Bryan looks at all their faces, taking them in -- YOUNG and OLD, generations side-by-side. Minnie sits with her daughter, JACKIE (18), waiting for the meeting to begin. MRS. WILLIAMS (70s) pours Bryan a glass of sweet tea as EVELYN (40s), Walter’s sister, finally SHOUTS --
28) 13) dialog: Hi, everyone, good to meet you. Um -- As he puts the glass down, Mrs. Williams leans in, refills it to the brim. Bryan smiles, CLEARS his throat.
28) 15) dialog: I’m sure you have a lot of questions, and I'll stay as long as it takes to answer all of them. But it would really help me to hear from you all first, and understand your perspective on everything. (CONTINUED)
28) 19) dialog: You were with your dad that day?
28) 23) dialog: How many of you were here with Walter that morning? Twenty-five hands go up. Bryan can’t hide his shock. Minnie sits with quiet strength. When she speaks, everyone listens. (CONTINUED)
28) 36) dialog: I can only imagine how painful this is for all of you. I’m going to do everything I can to --
28) 38) dialog: Well, first, our organization covers all legal expenses. So none of you will have to pay a penny. John’s surprised, but still doubtful. Bryan presses on --
28) 39) dialog: If you asked me to put my dad’s life in the hands of some young lawyer from out of town, I'd be worried, too. You really love him. And I don’t take that lightly. (as John softens) I’m not here to take your money. I’m here because I believe everyone in this room has the same right to justice as anyone else in this country. It’s clear to me that this trial was constructed with lies. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
28) 42) dialog: And based on everything I’ve seen, I think we can build a case to bring Johnny D home, and I’m not going to stop until I’ve done that. Minnie exchanges a look with John. She nods, then --
29) 0) text: Bryan stands at the door, shaking hands and hugging people. Uncle Leo rolls up, gives him a firm handshake.
29) 3) dialog: Please, John, call me Bryan.
29) 8) dialog: He testified that he saw Johnny D’s truck at the cleaners that morning.
29) 10) dialog: How do you know?
29) 12) dialog: The morning of the murder?
29) 14) dialog: Why would Hooks lie?
29) 16) dialog: Would you be willing to sign a statement that we could use in court? Darnell thinks long and hard. Fear seeps in as --
29) 20) dialog: It would be in the record. Darnell looks at John and Walter’s family, scared. Bryan sees his fear, empathizes. A beat before --
29) 21) dialog: I know exposing yourself like this isn’t easy. But with your testimony we can file a motion to reopen Johnny D’s case. If we can prove Bill Hooks is lying, it might be his best chance. Bryan's words connect, but Darnell still hesitates. Minnie grabs his hand, nods. Darnell sees what this means to her. He looks to John, then back at Bryan. He slowly nods, willing to cooperate, hoping he won’t regret it. EXT. EVA’S PORCH - NIGHT 44 Bryan sits on the porch with Eva as she drags on a cigarette.
29) 22) dialog: They said it would have been better if he was out hunting somewhere, so it’d at least be possible he was guilty. But they were all with him. Eva shakes her head, takes a drag, a beat before --
29) 24) dialog: This isn’t just about Johnny D. (off her look) We're representing that whole community. (CONTINUED)
30) 0) text: Bryan runs along the river, still processing his time with Walter’s family.
31) 0) text: Bryan stands, hoping he can get Walter to engage this time, waiting as the guard UNLOCKS Walter’s cuffs and leaves the room. Walter looks at Bryan.
31) 1) dialog: I know our last meeting didn’t go the way I hoped it would, but --
31) 3) dialog: (beat; surprised) I did.
31) 5) dialog: Minnie asked me to give you this. Bryan hands him a small envelope. Walter slides it into his pocket, then looks back.
31) 6) dialog: If you don’t mind, I have something to show you.
32) 0) text: Bryan sits across from Walter, fixes his glasses as he tries to read Darnell’s statement. He slides the paper back. (CONTINUED)
32) 4) dialog: It’s a statement from Darnell Houston saying he was with Bill Hooks three miles away at the time of the murder. So, there’s no way he could have seen your truck there. Walter looks at him, piecing it together.
32) 6) dialog: It's very good. I’m going to submit this with a motion for a new trial. Walter looks at him, nods. Allows himself to feel pinch of hope. Then, he looks off. A beat before
32) 8) dialog: She's standing by you because she knows you shouldn’t be in here. And so do I. (off Walter’s look) I know you didn’t kill Ronda Morrison. And I want to help you prove it in court, if you'll let me. a Walter looks at him, getting there, but not completely sure.
32) 12) dialog: What do you want to know? Walter thinks, choosing his first question. Then --
32) 14) dialog: Why am I a lawyer?
32) 18) dialog: I grew up down a road just like yours, pumping sewage from our yard, sharing a playground with the pigs and chickens... When I was a teenager, my grandpa was murdered, but no one outside our community cared, because to them, he was just another black man killed in the projects. (beat) I know what it’s like to be in the shadows. (shrugs; matter-of- fact) That’s why I’m doing this. Walter takes this in, deeply moved.
32) 20) dialog: (smiles) Anything else you want to know? I’m an open book. Walter thinks, more comfortable now. Then --
32) 22) dialog: (shrugs ) I used to play piano, but... it’s hard to find time for anything besides work right now.
32) 24) dialog: What’s a betsy bug? (CONTINUED)
32) 28) dialog: (smiles) Got it. Walter leans back, eyeing Bryan a beat. Then --
32) 30) dialog: Okay?
33) 0) text: INSERT PHOTO -- of Herbert Richardson in his Army uniform, sitting on the table. Bryan and Eva at the table, looking over Herbert’s legal papers and records. Doug and Chris build an Erector Set on the floor of the living room.
33) 2) dialog: (shakes his head) His lawyer didn’t even mention his military service or mental trauma to the jury. A few months after the trial, he was disbarred for misconduct. (CONTINUED)
33) 6) dialog: Since he’s already been through the appeals process, the statutes of limitations are going to make it hard to get a judge to listen. We’ll have to try and make them. I‘1l start on a motion tonight. The PHONE RINGS. Chris jumps up to get it --
34) 0) text: Bryan stands on the front yard beside Eva, holding Chris. FOUR POLICE OFFICERS and a BOMB-SNIFFING DOG search the perimeter. Doug talks to the HEAD OFFICER, walks back to Eva.
34) 7) dialog: I would never blame you if you need to stop. Eva considers this. A long beat as she makes a decision -
34) 9) dialog: Does it come with bulletproof windows? Eva cracks a LAUGH, surprised and impressed by Bryan's dark joke. After she settles --
34) 11) dialog: I think we need to investigate everything from scratch, find anyone in that town who’s willing to talk.
34) 19) dialog: You were on the witness list for the Ronda Morrison trial a few years back --
35) 0) text: Bryan watches a police car drive by, the OFFICER staring at him. EXT. WOODROW IKNER’S HOUSE - DAY 52 WOODROW IKNER (50s, white) opens the door.
35) 1) dialog: Officer Ikner?
35) 3) dialog: I’m a lawyer representing Johnny D McMillian, the man convicted of murdering Ronda Morrison. I understand you were the first officer on the scene? Ikner looks outside, makes sure it’s clear, turns inside, the door open. Finally getting somewhere, Bryan follows.
37) 0) text: Bryan talks with CLAY KAST (40s, white), a greased-up mechanic. An old car on the rack behind them.
37) 1) dialog: Bill Hooks claimed he saw Walter's lowrider truck outside the cleaners that day.
37) 3) dialog: Do you have a record of that? Bryan jots down notes as --
38) 0) text: Bryan carries a box into an old, lifeless room, nothing but a mattress on the floor. But for him, it’1l do just fine.
40) 0) text: Bryan and Doug carry a desk from the back of Doug’s truck, parked in front of an old building in the bad part of town.
41) 0) text: Bryan and Doug carry the desk in, Chris holding the door open for them, as Eva stops sweeping to direct them. JUST MERCY - Rev. 4/25/19 (Tan Add'l Photog) 57. INT. EJI - BRYAN’S DESK - A NEW DAY INSERT: Bit stack of client files on Bryan’s desk, see the names “Walter McMillian,” “Herbert Lee Richardson,” “Jesse Moore,” “Charlie Coleman,” “Norris Thomas,” “Vivian Clark” (the point is to make it clear there are many cases being juggled). INSERT: Bryan pulls off Herbert Lee Richardson's file (and a photo clipped to it) and opens it... REVEAL Herbert’s name here. TIGHT ON: Bryan at his desk on the phone, passionate despite the obvious burden of the Goliath task at hand.
41) 1) dialog: My client, Herbert Richardson, was recommended for a Medal of Valor for disarming a bomb, and I’m looking for any documentation you might have on that.
41) 4) dialog: I was told you were one of Jesse Moore's foster parents years ago, and I’m hoping you could tell me what his childhood was like.
41) 7) dialog: Charlie’s 14 years old, sir, and he’s been abused in that adult prison for the past three nights. He does not belong there.
41) 12) dialog: Vivian Clark was one of the teenagers who were sexually abused at your facility, and I’m looking for records on any of the staff who were prosecuted.
42) 0) text: BRENDA (30s, black) shakes hands with Eva and Bryan and sits across from them at a conference table, a job interview.
44) 0) text: Bryan sits at his desk, phone to his ear, listening to MRS. COLEMAN on the other end talking through panicked tears.
44) 6) dialog: Mrs. Coleman, I’m so sorry about what Charlie’s going through, but our organization focuses on death penalty cases, and he doesn’t fall into that category. We can try to find another lawyer for you...
44) 8) dialog: She's praying.
44) 10) dialog: Okay, ma’am... I don’t know if I can take the case, but I’1ll go to the jail and check on him.
46) 0) text: Bryan looks over a file, glancing up from the table as the guards usher Charlie in. Bryan stands, shocked at the thin, terrified child in handcuffs that stands in front of him. As one of the guards uncuffs Charlie, he exchanges a look with Bryan of shared concern for how young and frail he is. INT. COUNTY JAIL - MEETING ROOM —- MOMENTS LATER G58 Bryan sits across from Charlie, who still hasn’t made eye contact, completely retreated into himself.
46) 1) dialog: Charlie? Are you okay? (off his silence) Your grandma asked me to come and see you. I’ma lawyer. Can you tell me how old you are? (off his silence) Charlie, can you answer me? Charlie gives nothing. The silence is unnerving.
46) 2) dialog: I know what happened was really terrible. I’m sure you’re worried about your mom. She’s doing okay, and she wants you to be okay, too. (off Charlie's silence) The court wants to try you as an adult, but I don’t think you should be in here with all these men. I want to help you, but you have to talk to me, Charlie. Charlie looks at the wall, then back down. Still, he gives Bryan nothing. Bryan hesitates, then slowly stands.
46) 3) dialog: You mind if I sit over here? Charlie remains silent as Bryan walks carefully around the table and sits beside him, shoulder-to-shoulder. Charlie leans forward, avoiding him. That’s when Bryan sees a DARK BLOTCH on the back of his neck. He softens his voice. (CONTINUED)
46) 7) dialog: Charlie, are those bruises on your neck? Charlie scoots away from him, hiding his tears. Bryan can tell something is terribly wrong. He speaks very gently.
46) 8) dialog: Did somebody in this jail do that to you? Charlie can’t hold it in anymore. He looks away and begins to SOB, wipes away tears as he barely forms the words --
46) 10) dialog: It's going to be okay, Charlie.
47) 0) text: JUDGE BUREN (50s, white) leans against his desk as Bryan's frustration burns beneath the surface.
47) 1) dialog: Your order put a thirteen-year-old boy in a pen of grown men, and for the past three nights they’ve been systematically raping him, and he’s going to carry that for the rest of his life.
47) 3) dialog: If we look away when a child is hurting, we’re all responsible, sir. (beat) You have the authority to move him to a juvenile center right now. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
47) 8) dialog: If you can do that, Your Honor, I can tell you without a doubt that you would be saving that boy’s life. Judge Buren looks at Bryan, his words have clearly gotten through. A beat as he ponders. INT. BRYAN’S CIVIC - LATER I-58 Bryan gets into his seat and SLAMS the door, a flash of the anger he was hiding, breaking through the surface. Then, he takes a BREATH, shakes it off, and starts the car.
48) 0) text: Inmates continue to stroll around the area until -- From a back door, Bryan walks out, the two guards behind him. Charlie clings to his coat, leaning into him, shields his eyes from all the faces as Bryan guides him through the room.
49) 0) text: Bryan sits in the office, haunted by the memory as he updates Brenda and Eva.
49) 1) dialog: When I got up to leave the jail, he grabbed my arm and begged me not to go. I could hear him crying from the other side of the door. Eva covers her face. Bryan waits for the wave to pass --
49) 2) dialog: We have to help him.
49) 8) dialog: (takes the phone) Hey, Darnell. (off his frantic voice) Whoa, whoa, slow down. Where are you?
50) 0) text: Bryan walks with Darnell out of the jail into the small parking lot. Ahead of them, downtown Monroeville looms.
50) 1) dialog: Are you okay?
50) 3) dialog: Come on, let’s talk in my car. INT./EXT. BRYAN’S CIVIC/MONROE COUNTY JAIL - MOMENTS 60
50) 8) dialog: What they did is completely illegal. I’m going to talk to the D.A. and get the charges dismissed. They won’t do this again.
50) 11) dialog: Just give me some time to work this out. Darnell sees an old TRUCK idling across the parking lot.
51) 0) text: Bryan strides down the hall, he passes a BLACK FAMILY in tears, a YOUNG WOMAN (18) holding a BABY in one hand, and her SON (4) with the other, an OLD WOMAN praying with her DAUGHTER, 2 OFFICERS escorting 4 INMATES down the stairs. Bryan finds the door marked “Sheriff's Dept.” and heads - 62 JUST MERCY - Rev. 8/31/18 (Green) 64.
52) 0) text: Into the bullpen area of the department. 8 WHITE OFFICERS turn, all eyes locked on him at once. Bryan spots Sheriff Tate staring at him across the room. He gathers his courage, marches across the space toward him -- When he’s almost there, the man sitting across from Tate turns around. Bryan stops, surprised to see Tommy Chapman.
52) 2) dialog: Who ordered the arrest of my witness?
52) 4) dialog: You can’t arrest someone for perjury without evidence that a false statement has been made.
52) 6) dialog: Yes, I am. His statement contradicts Bill Hooks’ entire testimony.
52) 8) dialog: (frustrated) Alabama code 12-21-222 requires corroboration of accomplice testimony, so without Hooks, the conviction wouldn't be valid. (CONTINUED)
52) 12) dialog: (remains calm) You can tell her it’s because McMillian didn’t kill her daughter. And whoever did is still out there somewhere.
52) 14) dialog: How do you know that? You found no hard evidence and based your entire case on the word of an indicted felon who had every incentive to tell you what you wanted to hear.
52) 16) dialog: And it made no sense! He couldn’t finish a sentence without contradicting himself. Silence. The air sucked from the room. Both men staring at each other. Bryan continues, strong, not backing down.
52) 17) dialog: The charges against Darnell Houston are baseless. You know they’11 never stand up in court. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
52) 20) dialog: They should be dropped immediately. Tate stares at him a beat before smiling, cordially.
52) 23) dialog: What are you talking about?
53) 0) text: Bryan’s thoughts race as he watches the dark road ahead. Suddenly, light reflects through his mirror. He looks up -- A PAIR OF HEADLIGHTS tailing him. Bryan tries to ignore it, but the car keeps inching closer. (CONTINUED)
53) 3) dialog: Something wrong, Officer?
53) 5) dialog: I don’t understand. I wasn’t speeding.
53) 7) dialog: I will get out, Officer. But can you tell me why I’ve been stopped first? The Young Officer suddenly steps back and pulls his gun, points it directly at Bryan’s head as --
53) 9) dialog: Okay. I’ve got my hands up, okay? I’m going to open the door now -- (opens the door) I'm stepping out of the car... (as he steps out) I’m standing up... My hands are empty.
53) 13) dialog: Do you have a warrant to do that, sir?
53) 17) dialog: I’m not. Bryan keeps an eye on the Younger Officer’s shaking gun as the Older Officer tears through his stuff. He hesitates a beat, then takes a BREATH, his voice remains steady --
53) 18) dialog: Officer, there’s no reason to point your gun at me. I am nota threat to you. You don’t need to be scared.
53) 21) dialog: Why did you stop me?
54) 0) text: Bryan sits with Eva. She’s smoking, pissed off.
54) 2) dialog: That’s what they want us to do. Bryan thinks a beat. Then --
54) 3) dialog: We'll never be effective by just reacting. They’re trying to distract us from the work. We have to stay focused.
54) 5) dialog: (shrugs; sarcastic) Just don’t leave any fingerprints. OFF Eva's smile --
55) 0) text: Bryan sits across from Walter, has just broken the news of their recent defeat.
55) 2) dialog: I know it’s a big hit, but we just have to find more evidence to file another motion.
55) 7) dialog: They put you on death row before your trial?
55) 9) dialog: Why didn’t you tell me?
55) 15) dialog: (smiles) They’re not making it easy. Walter thinks a long beat before answering.
55) 17) dialog: Oh, so this isn’t like a... I go down, we both go down together kind of thing?
55) 20) dialog: I think we should talk to Ralph Myers. Walter sits back, shocked.
55) 26) dialog: I know it’s risky, but if I get him talking, maybe we can find out what he really knows.
55) 28) dialog: (nods ) I‘ll be careful!
58) 0) text: FOLLOW RALPH MYERS (50) INTO a room full of PRISONERS and VISITORS. Bryan stands to look at him. Ralph is frail and vulnerable, but with eyes sharp and roaming. Dangerous. Bryan nods as Ralph approaches. Up close, the map of burn scars across his face adds an extra air of menace.
58) 1) dialog: Hi, Mr. Myers.
58) 3) dialog: Bryan. He extends his hand. Ralph looks at it, a beat before -- (CONTINUED)
58) 7) dialog: Do you mind if we sit down?
58) 11) dialog: Thank you for meeting me, Mr. Myers. Ralph CRACKS open his orange soda, takes a big SIP. Bryan waits for him to finish, pen and notebook ready. Finally --
58) 12) dialog: Could we start by talking about your testimony against Johnny D?
58) 14) dialog: That’s the only reason I’m here.
58) 19) dialog: How long have you been married?
58) 21) dialog: (trying to steer) No, I don’t. Johnny D does. Ralph doesn’t take the bait, continues --
58) 23) dialog: Sorry, that must have been really hard. Ralph looks at him to see if he’s sincere -- he is. Ralph nods, something softening in him. A beat. Then --
58) 25) dialog: Johnny D? He has three. Ralph ponders this as he takes another SIP. Bryan can see his wheels turning. He decides to step out ona limb. (CONTINUED)
58) 28) dialog: Mr. Myers... I know you made a deal with the State, but I don’t think they told you Johnny D was going to die because of it. (beat) I’m sure that’s not easy to carry, and I’m hoping there’s a part of you that wants to make things right. Bryan lets that sit for a beat. Ralph seems to be listening.
58) 29) dialog: Something made you agree to this meeting.
58) 31) dialog: I don’t think that’s true. (beat) Can we please talk about your testimony? Ralph looks off, seems to really consider the question when -- BAM! He jumps, looks around, only to find a VISITOR BANGING on one of the vending machines. He begins to LAUGH, then --
58) 33) dialog: They were questioning you about her the day you were arrested? Ralph looks at him nervously, dodges the question.
58) 42) dialog: Where are you going?
58) 44) dialog: Ralph, please. We’re not finished.
59) 0) text: Bryan stands, phone cradled to his ear --
59) 1) dialog: He said he was questioned about Ronda Morrison the day he was arrested on June third. But the only statement they presented in court was recorded almost two months later.
60) 0) text: Eva listens to Bryan on SPEAKERPHONE --
60) 4) dialog: (over speaker) If they are, it might be at the Escambia Courthouse with the files for his other case. You know anyone over there? Before she can respond, Brenda looks up from her desk --
61) 0) text: The evidence custodian, DORIS (40, black), THUMPS two boxes on the counter in front of Brenda and Bryan.
61) 2) dialog: Thank you, ma’am. Sure, baby. Bryan smiles as he grabs the boxes and heads for the copy machine. Doris looks at Brenda.
61) 7) dialog: You mind if I take a copy of these?
62) 0) text: Eva and Brenda at the table, pore over the photocopied files. Bryan at his desk listening to the tapes on headphones -- faint VOICES bleeding through. Something grabs his attention. He jots a note. Hits STOP. REWIND. PULLS off his headphones --
62) 1) dialog: You gotta hear this. He unplugs his headphones and hits PLAY so they can hear as RALPH’S VOICE fills the air --
62) 3) dialog: That’s Myers.
62) 6) dialog: That’s Tate.
62) 15) dialog: Your Honor, we’ve submitted this statement with another motion for a new trial, but all of our work so far has been without any access to the State’s files --
62) 17) dialog: (to Tommy) Your main witness contradicting his own trial testimony seems pretty relevant to me.
62) 23) dialog: (looks to the judge) This is about whether or not the State withheld critical exculpatory evidence, which would require a new trial. Brady vs. Maryland entitles us to see everything else they have. OFF Bryan's charged stare --
63) 0) text: Bryan and Brenda walk in with TWO BOXES in hand. Eva takes them from Brenda and stacks them in the conference room with MORE BOXES -- they won the motion.
64) 0) text: Brenda writes labels on yellow stickies, cataloging a vast inventory of new evidence. Eva pulls a stack of files from a box, hands it to her. Bryan FLIPS through a THICK, RED BINDER. He finds something.
64) 1) dialog: (reads ) Walter McMillian, admitted to Holman Prison’s death row on August 1, 1987, over a year before his trial. Signed by the warden. They all exchange a look before jumping back into their work, knowing there’s so much more to discover.
67) 0) text: INSERT: CLOSEUP ON “HERBERT LEE RICHARDSON” as Bryan types. (NOTE: THIS COULD BE THE TITLE PAGE THAT THEY FAX, OR ANOTHER PAGE THAT HE’S TYPING WHICH CLEARLY
67) 2) dialog: I need Strickland vs. Washington, and the affidavit from Herbert's Sergeant. Eva grabs a binder from the shelf as Brenda finds the affidavit and hands it to him. Like clockwork.
68) 0) text: Silence as Bryan flips to the last page of the petition, quickly proofreading. He seems satisfied.
68) 1) dialog: Let’s send it.
69) 2) dialog: We wait.
70) 0) text: Bryan and Eva sit at the table, a box of files in front of them. Bryan should be reading, but he can’t take his eyes off the clock -- 4:42, counting the seconds. The phone RINGS. Bryan picks up, still hopeful.
70) 1) dialog: EJI, this is Bryan Stevenson. (CONTINUED)
70) 5) dialog: Okay. Bryan hangs up, sits in silence, staring at the wall. Eva knows what’s on his mind, deep in thought herself before --
70) 7) dialog: He asked me to be there. Eva can see that he doesn’t have a choice. A beat, she nods --
71) 0) text: Herbert sits on his bed. Jeremy, the guard who strip- searched Bryan, stands nervously outside with an OLDER GUARD.
75) 0) text: A FEMALE GUARD leads Bryan into a holding cell to find Herbert sitting alone, all his hair and eyebrows are completely shaved off. As the Guard enters, Herbert looks up, shaken and humiliated.
75) 9) dialog: (beat; tender) You look fine. Bryan sits down beside Herbert. Remains calm for him.
75) 11) dialog: (beat; finds the words ) I’m sorry, Herbert. Herbert looks at him, nothing but gratitude in his eyes.
75) 14) dialog: I’'d be honored. Herbert smiles through his pain. Then, a scared beat before --
75) 18) dialog: (beat) Of course. Herbert nods his thanks, letting go of his fear for just a moment as they bow their heads.
78) 0) text: MUSIC CONTINUES -- 20 WITNESSES (cops and reporters, all white) in the small room, window in front, closed curtain. Bryan sits among them as the curtains part to reveal -- (CONTINUED)
83) 0) text: Everyone can clearly hear the MEN SHOUTING ON THE ROW, echoing through the vent. Bryan looks back to Herbert as
87) 0) text: Bryan can barely watch, the ghostly IMAGE of Herbert’s pulsing body reflected dimly in the glass as -- INT. WALTER’S CELL - NIGHT 109 Walter stops clanging his cup, staring in Herbert's direction, feeling the loss of his friend. EXT./INT. HOLMAN PARKING LOT/BRYAN’S CIVIC - NIGHT 110 Eva sits on the hood of her car, numbing her stress with a cigarette. A few GUARDS and REPORTERS walk to their cars. Eva finishes her smoke as, across the parking lot, Bryan slowly approaches. She can clearly see his shock and pain from what he just witnessed. A long beat, then --
88) 0) text: Bryan sits alone at his desk, back to doing the one thing he knows -- disappearing into his work, poring over transcripts and files from Walter’s case. INSERT PAPERWORK -- Walter’s mug shot (OR A PHOTO FROM HIS FAMILY PHOTOS), or paper that says Walter McMillian (something that makes it clear he’s looking at Walter’s case.) (CONTINUED)
89) 0) text: BOOM! The door SLAMS behind Ralph Myers. Bryan sits at the table in the EMPTY ROOM, he doesn’t stand or have the space for any bullshit. As Ralph approaches --
89) 2) dialog: (calm but firm) Sit down, Mr. Myers. Ralph sees how serious he is, takes his seat.
89) 4) dialog: That was before I saw my friend executed. Ralph is sobered. News of executions hit every prisoner hard.
89) 6) dialog: I heard the recording of the first statement you made on June 3. The one they didn’t present in court. (off Ralph's surprise) You told the Sheriff you didn’t know anything about Johnny D or the murder. You told him you didn’t want to frame an innocent man. Do you remember saying that? Ralph looks at him like a deer in headlights. Speechless. (CONTINUED)
89) 9) dialog: What I’m wondering, is how you went from knowing nothing about the murder on June third, to becoming the State’s key witness three months later? What changed your mind? After a beat, Bryan grabs the THICK, RED BINDER and places it on the table, begins to flip through it. Ralph watches, can’t help his curiosity.
89) 11) dialog: The intake log for Holman Prison. Ralph watches him stop at a page.
89) 12) dialog: On August 1, 1987, Sheriff Tate transferred two inmates from county jail to death row. Walter McMillian... He spins the binder around to face Ralph.
89) 13) dialog: «+. and you. Ralph's face drops, his nerves firing. Bryan looks at him with compassion, aware of the pain he’s been put through.
89) 14) dialog: Did they move you to death row because you didn’t want to testify against him? Something shifts in Ralph, suddenly looks like a child. The fear in his eyes makes it obvious the answer is yes.
89) 15) dialog: They executed Wayne Ritter just a few weeks after you got there. Isn't that right? Ralph looks at him, his wall beginning to crack as he nods.
89) 16) dialog: I was in the witness room when they killed Herbert Richardson Thursday night.
89) 22) dialog: It was the worst thing I’ve ever experienced. (beat; caring) I’m sure Ritter’s execution wasn’t easy for you, either. Ralph can see how much it affected him. Their shared experience breaks down his defense. He shifts in his seat, remembering, finally feels safe enough to speak.
89) 25) dialog: (careful) Can I ask what happened?
89) 29) dialog: I know. (beat) I’m sorry they did that to you. Ralph sees Bryan’s empathy. A new trust growing between them.
89) 31) dialog: That's why you lied in your testimony. Ralph looks at him, can see what he’s doing. He doesn’t bite, tries to rebuild his wall --
89) 33) dialog: Mr. Myers, we’re going to court very soon to try to get Johnny D the retrial he deserves. And I'd really like you to take the stand. Ralph searches Bryan’s face, wondering if he can trust him. Bryan can see he’s getting through. It’s time to close --
89) 34) dialog: They’re using you to condemn a man who you have much more in common with than you think... and if any part of you wants to make things right, this is the last chance you’ll get to do that. Ralph looks at him, struggling with the weight of this decision. OFF this look --
94) 0) text: Everyone turns to Walter as he tries to stand tall, keep his dignity, but fear is evident in his eyes. The place is PACKED WITH PEOPLE (WHITE and BLACK). At the front, Tommy and his assistant attorney sit at the prosecution table, Sheriff Tate in the seat behind them. Bryan's at the defense table, nervously checking his note Walter’s eyes land on Minnie in the first row. Eva and Brenda sit beside her, John and Jackie on her other side. Behind them, all of Walter’s FRIENDS AND FAMILY, giving him strength with their nods and smiles. Walter shares a look with Minnie laced with love and pain. Then he nods to John, who sits up tall, trying to be strong. He reaches the defense table. As Jeremy unlocks Walter’s cuffs, Bryan exchanges a reassuring look with him, though it’s impossible for either man to hide his nerves.
95) 5) dialog: Thank you, Your Honor. Bryan stands. He glances back at Walter’s family, meets Eva's eyes. She gives a reassuring nod. Then -- DEEP BREATH, remembering how many are counting on him. He turns forward.
95) 6) dialog: The State’s case against Walter McMillian turned entirely on the testimony of Ralph Myers. There was no other evidence to establish Mr. McMillian’s guilt. No physical evidence linking him to the crime, no motive, no witnesses. Only the word of one man. (long beat) We call Ralph Myers to the stand. The deputy opens the side door and Ralph walks into the courtroom. He looks exhausted and vacant, clearly rattled. Walter can’t take his eyes off him, remembering what Ralph did the last time they were here. Ralph avoids his gaze, distant and stone-faced, as he takes a seat on the stand. Ralph looks up to see Sheriff Tate staring at him from his seat. Ralph looks away, fear instantly taking hold. The BAILIFF holds out a Bible, but Ralph is distracted.
95) 12) dialog: Mr. Myers, did you testify against Walter McMillian in August of
95) 15) dialog: According to the record, yes.
95) 17) dialog: What did you tell the jury when you testified? Ralph sees Walter staring. He avoids his gaze, too afraid to face the source of his shame as he MUMBLES --
95) 19) dialog: It's okay. I have a transcript of your testimony here... Bryan walks to the table, grabs the transcript he’s prepared --
95) 20) dialog: At the trial, do you remember testifying that you were unwillingly made part of a capital murder and robbery on November 1, 1986, when Walter McMillian saw you at a car wash and asked you to drive his truck because his arm hurt? (CONTINUED)
95) 24) dialog: Do you remember saying that you drove Mr. McMillian to Jackson Cleaners, subsequently went into the building, and saw McMillian with a gun, standing over the body of Ronda Morrison?
95) 26) dialog: Mr. Myers, was the testimony you gave at Mr. McMillian’s trial true? In his seat, Walter leans forward, praying for truth as - Ralph stares at Bryan, about to speak until -- he glances past him again, back to Bryan. Then, finally, with great pain --
95) 28) dialog: (remains calm) You don’t know?
95) 32) dialog: Mr. Myers. Do you know who Walter McMillian is? Ralph hesitates, gathers his strength.
95) 34) dialog: Is he in this room?
95) 36) dialog: Can you point him out? Ralph fully looks at Walter for the first time, points. Neither man looks away, connected by their common status in the margins of society. Bryan sees this, continues carefully.
95) 37) dialog: I'd like to ask again. Was the testimony you gave at Walter McMillian’s trial true? Ralph keeps his eyes locked with Walter for another beat until -- he looks down, gathers all the courage he has before looking back at Walter. Finally, he speaks --
95) 40) dialog: Did you see Mr. McMillian on the day that Ronda Morrison was murdered?
95) 44) dialog: Did you drive his truck to Monroeville that day?
95) 46) dialog: Did you go into Jackson Cleaners and see Mr. McMillian standing over Ronda Morrison's body?
95) 48) dialog: No further questions.
96) 12) dialog: Objection, Your Honor. Mr. Myers has the right to finish his answer. Judge Foster looks to Ralph with a nod.
97) 0) text: Bryan hands a paper to the court.
97) 1) dialog: We submit a copy of the official log from the police officer who stopped by the fish fry, confirming that Walter McMillian was there with his family.
98) 0) text: Woodrow Ikner, the officer Bryan found going door-to- door.
99) 0) text: Bryan hands a file to the court.
99) 1) dialog: Submitting exculpatory records from Ralph Myers’ stay at Taylor Hardin Psychiatric Hospital, which the State did not disclose to defense counsel. Tommy takes notes at his table, not looking very pleased.
100) 0) text: A PSYCHOLOGIST with glasses speaks to Bryan.
102) 0) text: The end of Bryan’s closing comments, steady and firm...
102) 1) dialog: All the evidence presented today would have been critical to the outcome of this case and its exclusion was a clear violation of Brady versus Maryland and Mr. McMillian’s constitutional rights. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
102) 4) dialog: (beat; sincere) The truth has not been told in this case. And I know a lot of time has gone by, but I don’t believe it’s ever too late for justice. We ask the court to grant our motion and order a new trial for Mr. McMillian. Thank you, Your Honor. Bryan takes his seat beside Walter, filled with hope. Tommy can barely look at him, not happy with the way this went.
103) 0) text: Walter sits in the transport van, Bryan stands outside the open side door, processing what they just went through.
103) 2) dialog: (smiles) Honestly, for a second there, I wasn’t sure, either. Walter shakes his head, genuine gratitude in his eyes.
103) 10) dialog: Let’s not hold our breath on that one. As they walk to their car, Bryan grabs one more glimpse of Walter LAUGHING with his family at the transport van. INT./EXT. BRYAN'’S RENTAL - EVENING 125 Bryan sits on his bed, working as usual. A KNOCK at the door. He OPENS the door to see John (Walter’s son) and his FRIEND.
103) 11) dialog: John? Everything okay?
105) 0) text: EVERYONE is seated. Walter beside Bryan, nervous. Eva and Brenda are with Walter's family behind them. John is too nervous to look, lowers his head, arms on his knees. Minnie tenderly rubs his back with her hand. Tommy sits with his assistant, Tate behind them. Judge Foster, sitting at the bench, continues reading his decision --
105) 9) dialog: Your Honor, please give us a minute.
105) 16) dialog: Judge, please. Let me deal with this. A GUARD steps up to Bryan, blocks him from moving. Behind him, Jeremy and the other Holman guard move toward Walter.
105) 20) dialog: He’s not resisting! (CONTINUED)
106) 0) text: As Bryan walks to his car, he looks across the lot to see Minnie and Evelyn, embracing Jackie as she sobs. The sight hits him to his core. INT. WALTER’S HOUSE - KITCHEN —- AFTERNOON A130 Minnie sits down at the kitchen table, stirring instant coffee into a mug of hot water. She sets the mug on the table, doesn’t take a sip, haunted by the empty chairs that were once filled with those she loves. For a moment, she lets down her guard, lets the pain and frustration bubble to the surface of her skin. In this moment, she isn’t the solid rock of her family, she is a hurting, angry, devastated human being. Then, after she lets it out, she composes herself, wipes her tears, and takes a sip of her coffee.
110) 0) text: Walter sits on the floor again, flipping through the photos one-by-one until -- He reaches the picture of himself with John. Suddenly, his anger fades, replaced by tears fighting to break free. He turns the photo over to see in his wife's handwriting -- “This is you. Love, Minnie.” Walter stares at the words for a long beat, wondering if he will ever be able to believe them again. INT. BRYAN’S RENTAL - NIGHT 136 Bryan lies in bed, wide awake, his brain spinning out. He looks at the clock -- 2:23 AM. No point trying to sleep. He sits up, might as well get some work done -- INT. BRYAN'S RENTAL —- MOMENTS LATER 137 Bryan sits at a small table, covered in papers and files. He tries to work, but he can’t get his mind off the frustration of Walter’s case. He rests his foot on the table, leans back, covers his face, draws a long, frustrated BREATH. Then BOOM! He suddenly KICKS the table, a brief but shocking burst of anger, spraying a few stacks of files to the floor. He sits there another beat, still, broken, silent. Then, he stands and starts to methodically clean the mess up.
111) 0) text: Bryan sits with Eva on a bench overlooking the wide, flowing river. In the distance, a large dinner boat, The Harriet, a “historical” recreation of the riverboats used during the time of slavery. ADD SHOT OF BRIE WALKING UP AND SITTING BESIDE BRYAN. Bryan watches the boat move slowly toward them. Then -- (CONTINUED)
111) 3) dialog: Nobody wants to remember that this is where thousands of enslaved people were shipped in and paraded up the street to be sold. Ten miles from here, black people were pulled from their homes and lynched and nobody talks about it. (beat) You can talk about the civil rights movement, but only the good parts. Can’t talk about schools becoming as segregated now as they were in the ‘50s. Can’t talk about one out of every three black men ending up in prison. Can’t talk about the fact that nobody ever apologized, or even acknowledged that they did something wrong. Bryan stops here, the facts of the past threatening to overwhelm. Eva can see his pain, his eyes tight before --
111) 4) dialog: And now this black boy from Delaware is walking into their courtrooms, expecting them to admit they convicted an innocent black man. (looks off; beat) I promised that whole community I'd bring him home. Bryan shakes his head, looks off, tears welling.
111) 5) dialog: How was I so naive to think we could ever change anything? Bryan closes his eyes. Eva looks at him with compassion. (CONTINUED)
111) 10) text: Bryan thinks about that for a moment, watching The Harriet continue across the river.
112) 0) text: A vibrant GOSPEL CHOIR lifts their voices to God ina church filled with BELIEVERS. Bryan stands among them, watching his people SING to a Higher Power. He closes his eyes and takes it in, trying to tap into their hope and peace.
113) 0) text: Bryan stands in a circle, holding hands with Mrs. Coleman, CHARLIE’S MOM, and CHARLIE’S GRANDPA, heads bowed --
114) 0) text: HIGH SHOT, LOOKING DOWN as Bryan’s Civic pulls into the parking lot.
115) 0) text: Bryan waits as Jeremy checks him in, just like he did the first time he visited. But something seems different in Jeremy's demeanor. He glances at Bryan as he checks his ID.
115) 2) dialog: Me, too.
115) 4) dialog: Yeah.
115) 10) dialog: (beat; then) He’s an inmate?
115) 12) dialog: Call me tomorrow... You won’t have to pay anything. Jeremy nods, the moment clearly resonates, touched by Bryan's gracefulness. The only words that he can find are --
116) 0) text: CLOSE AND INTIMATE: Bryan sits across from Walter in the spot they first met, still fighting his guilt. Both men sit in silence. Bryan looks at him with regret.
116) 1) dialog: I’m so sorry. Walter lets that sink in a moment, shakes his head slightly.
116) 7) dialog: Of course not.
116) 11) dialog: (pre-lap) I know how disappointing the last hearing was, but that’s not where this is going to end. INT. WALTER’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - EVENING 143 Bryan sits with Minnie, John, Evelyn, Jackie, and a handful of other family and friends, including Uncle Leo, sitting in his wheelchair.
116) 12) dialog: We're preparing a motion to submit our evidence to the State Supreme Court in Montgomery. They have the power to reverse the last decision and force the circuit court to give us a new trial.
116) 14) dialog: Nothing's guaranteed, but I don’t see how an outside court could ignore the evidence we have.
116) 16) dialog: We’ve been worried about that, too, and we’re working on it. Uncle Leo speaks up, stern and to the point.
116) 24) dialog: Yes, sir.
117) 0) text: A VIDEO SHOOT: Bryan sits as a SOUND MIXER adjusts his mic.
117) 1) dialog: Test test. Check check. The sound guy gives a thumbs-up. Eva stands off to the side, watching silently as --
119) 0) text: Jeremy and some OTHER GUARDS watch the show on a small TV as -- ON TV: Bryan speaks to Ed Bradley in the interview we started with -- (CONTINUED)
119) 4) dialog: (on TV) I have never had a case where the State’s only evidence of guilt comes from one person. Where there’s no motive, there’s no physical evidence, there’s no corroborating circumstances, there’s nothing but the word of one person. 148 JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 123.
120) 13) dialog: (on TV) I’m sure Ralph Myers would agree that any threat he was under in prison, is nothing like the threat he’s under now, having recanted his testimony and opened himself back up to perjury charges, to capital murder charges. What Myers has done is take a pretty radical risk.
120) 17) dialog: (on TV) The prosecutor’s job is not to obtain a conviction, it’s to achieve justice. And one of the greatest tragedies about this case, is that somebody in Monroe County has literally gotten away with murder.
121) 0) text: Bryan types a motion as Eva brings a law book to his desk for reference.
122) 0) text: Bryan walks up the steps of the grand entrance, ready for court. (CONTINUED)
122) 4) dialog: (on TV) Next we’ll be presenting our evidence to the Alabama Supreme Court, hoping they’1l see what we think is very clear, that Walter McMillian is innocent.
124) 4) dialog: Martha’s! Brenda raises her fist in the air -- victory. (CONTINUED)
125) 0) text: Bryan walks quickly through downtown Montgomery, trying to keep his expectations realistic as he picks up the pace, breaks into a light run.
126) 0) text: Bryan runs up the tall stairs toward --
127) 0) text: A CLERK slides the 35-page document under a glass partition. Bryan takes it, flips to the first page, starts to read, his gaze giving nothing away as --
127) 5) dialog: (on TV) This was the first time a court outside the county was shown the overwhelming evidence that proves Mr. McMillian’s innocence. Though the court granted him a new trial, we believe he deserves to be released immediately, and that’s what we’ll be arguing at the next hearing. The camera ZOOMS in on Tommy as he exits the courtroom.
129) 3) dialog: Yes? He hands him an official envelope.
129) 5) dialog: Tommy Chapman is asking the court to stay the proceedings so the order for a new trial isn’t implemented. He’s claiming he now wants to reinvestigate the crime. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
129) 11) dialog: (beat; looks up) He’s trying to block us to buy time to rebuild his case.
129) 14) dialog: I’m good.
130) 0) text: Bryan's car drives by. INT./EXT. BRYAN’S CIVIC/CHAPMAN’S HOUSE - EVENING D156 Bryan drives up to Tommy’s house, gets out, and strides up to the front door -- KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK. A beat of Bryan keeping his anger in check. The door OPENS, Tommy sees Bryan glaring back at him.
130) 2) dialog: (not holding back) You're asking the court to keep a man on death row that you know is innocent? Tommy steps outside, closes the door, squares up against him.
130) 4) dialog: The Supreme Court supports all the evidence we presented, and every one of your witnesses have recanted. You’ve got nothing left. (CONTINUED)
130) 8) dialog: We both know you’re not going to find anything. Tommy stares at hima beat. Then --
130) 10) dialog: You can’t keep an innocent man in prison while you try to salvage your reputation.
130) 12) dialog: What people are you talking about? The ones in this neighborhood? Or the ones from the black community you took McMillian from? You think they feel safe? (off Tommy’s look) Your job isn’t to defend a conviction, it’s to achieve justice. And as long as you keep fighting us, someone in your county is literally getting away with murder.
130) 14) dialog: No. I’m here because I think you know the difference between right and wrong, and you know Johnny D didn’t kill her. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
130) 17) dialog: (off his look) I’m filing a motion to dismiss all charges, and I think you should join it. For a brief second, it seems as if Bryan’s words might break through. But then, Tommy speaks --
131) 0) text: A BLACK GUARD (50s) checks Bryan’s ID, signing him in.
132) 0) text: Bryan sits across from Walter.
132) 1) dialog: We'll be presenting our motion to a new judge this time. It’ll bea small hearing to present our motion to drop the charges against you.
132) 3) dialog: (tries to be positive) Then we start over with a new trial. Clean slate. Walter leans back, shakes his head. (CONTINUED)
132) 7) dialog: I know it’s frustrating, but think about how far we’ve come. Bryan can see he’s not connecting. He reaches into a bag and pulls out a suit, spreads it on the table.
132) 8) dialog: I don’t want you wearing a jumpsuit this time. (off his look) Regardless of what happens, I want them to know that we expect them to send you home. Walter touches the fabric of the coat, tries hard to believe there might be hope, but can’t get there. He shakes his head.
132) 10) dialog: Why would you ask that? Walter looks off, deep in thought. Then --
132) 12) dialog: You can’t think like that. (beat) We're too close to give up now.
133) 0) text: Bryan's Civic pulls into the packed parking lot. A handful of PEOPLE (black and white) walk to the doors from their cars.
134) 0) text: Bryan, Eva, and Brenda walk down the hall, exchanging concerned looks as they see a large group of PEOPLE in front of the courtroom doors. All of them are black. Walter’s FRIENDS and FAMILY. Bryan exchanges a concerned look with Eva as he finds Evelyn, Minnie, John, and the rest of Walter’s family.
134) 1) dialog: What’s going on?
134) 4) dialog: What are you doing?
134) 6) dialog: This is a public hearing and these people need to be let in right now. The Guard doesn’t know quite what to do. Doesn’t really matter, anyway, the last WHITE AUDIENCE MEMBER walks in.
135) 6) dialog: It's easy to see this case as one man trying to prove his innocence. But when you put a black man on death row for a year before his trial, and exclude black people from serving on his jury... When you base your conviction on the coerced testimony of a white felon and ignore the testimonies of two dozen law-abiding black witnesses... When any evidence proving his innocence is suppressed, and anyone who tries to tell the truth is threatened, this case becomes more than the trial of a single defendant, it becomes a test of whether we’re going to be governed by fear and anger or by the rule of law. (beat) If the people standing in the back of this courtroom are all presumed guilty when accused, if they have to live in fear of when this very thing will happen to them, if we're just going to accept a system that treats you better if you're rich and guilty than if you’re poor and innocent, then we can’t claim to be just. Bryan takes a beat to look at Tommy. They briefly lock eyes.
135) 7) dialog: If we say we are committed to equal justice under law, to protecting the rights of every citizen regardless of wealth, race, or status, then we have to end this nightmare for Walter McMillian and his family. The charges against him have been proved to be a false construction of desperate people, fueled by bigotry and bias, who ignored the truth in exchange for easy solutions. That’s not the law... That’s not justice... That’s not right. (long beat) This case should be dismissed immediately, Your Honor. Thank you. (CONTINUED)
137) 7) dialog: (beat; caring) We'll figure it out. Walter looks at Bryan, full of gratitude as a smile forms.
137) 9) dialog: (smiles) Great idea. They step out of the car and walk to the party as --
138) 0) text: Walter sits at a table with Bryan, addressing the 20 SENATORS seated in a semi-circle in front of him. Behind them, a room full of REPORTERS and COMMUNITY LEADERS. Walter continues -- (CONTINUED)
138) 4) dialog: This man has taught me a lot in the time I’ve known him... I came out of law school with grand ideas in my mind about how to change the world. But then I started working with people who were wrongly convicted; children who were sent to adult prisons where they were raped and abused; people with mental and physical disabilities who were thrown into cells when they should be in hospitals; vulnerable people calling me every day, begging for help. Sometimes the problem seemed so big, I felt like a fool for thinking I could do anything to fix it. (beat) But working with Mr. McMillian made me realize that we can’t change the world with only ideas in our minds, we also need conviction in our hearts. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
138) 7) dialog: This man taught me how to stay hopeful, because I now know that hopelessness is the enemy of justice. Hope allows us to push forward, even when the truth is distorted by the people in power. It allows us to stand up when they tell us to sit down, and to speak when they say be quiet. (beat) Through this work, I’ve learned that each of us is more than the worst thing we’ve ever done; that the opposite of poverty isn’t wealth, the opposite of poverty is justice; that the character of our nation isn’t reflected in how we treat the rich and privileged, but how we treat the poor, the disfavored and condemned. (beat) Our system has taken more from this innocent man than it has the power to give back. But I believe if each of us can follow his lead, we can begin to change this world for the better. If we can look at ourselves closely, and honestly, I believe we will see that we all need justice, we all need mercy and perhaps, we all need some measure of unmerited grace. sits back in his chair, lets that sink in. Walter at him with playful disbelief. The mic picks him