11) 0) text: Bryan walks down a hall, hears the fiery voice of EVA ANSLEY arguing with BILL FREEMAN (50s, white).
11) 1) dialog: Are you kiddin’ me? This is complete hogshit and you know it. We had an agreement to rent this space for the next two years. You said it was a done deal. Bryan turns the corner, sees Eva with the owner, her son CHRIS (6) beside her, plays with a Transformers toy.
11) 3) dialog: We're giving poor people their constitutional right to counsel, Bill! You wanna explain to my son what the hell you think is wrong with that? Bryan interrupts gently, trying to ease the tension.
11) 9) dialog: (turns to Bryan) Bryan, thank God. (to Bill) This is the Executive Director of our organization, who just moved here to work in the office you promised us.
11) 11) dialog: Director of operations, and you're making me look really bad in front of my boss right now.
11) 17) dialog: They put Jesus on death row, Bill. He wasn’t such a bad guy. (ALT LINE)
11) 25) dialog: (under her breath) What a piece of shit. (to Bryan; serious) This wasn’t how I wanted to welcome you. I’11 find an office, I just have to change my tactics.
11) 27) dialog: Maybe Chris can clear some of his toys out of the living room for you?
11) 30) dialog: Sorry for cussing, baby.
11) 32) dialog: He was a piece of shit, though. EXT. BRYAN’S CIVIC/LANDLORD’S HOUSE - AFTERNOON 13 Bryan gets out of his car, in front of an old, mid-sized house. He looks around, notices a WHITE WOMAN staring from her porch. He waves. She goes inside, suspicious. HONK, HONK! He turns to see a Bronco zipping toward him, the driver waves as she pulls to a stop beside him. This is EVA ANSLEY (30s), a true Southern firebrand.
11) 33) dialog: Welcome to Alabama! (CONTINUED)
11) 40) dialog: Am I late?
11) 42) dialog: This is my son, Chris.
11) 44) dialog: (to Chris) Say hi to Mr. Stevenson. Chris buries his face in Eva’s hip, too shy to respond. (CONTINUED)
11) 48) dialog: What can we carry? EXT. BRYAN’S CIVIC/LANDLORD’S HOUSE - AFTERNOON (MOMENTS
11) 51) dialog: I'm so pissed I still haven't found an office. I was hoping to have one by the time you got here, but I just got our third rejection this week. I swear someone at the state department is trying to shut us down before we even get started.
11) 53) dialog: As soon as that clears, I'll find us an office if I have to break someone’s kneecaps. (to Chris) Just kidding, baby. They reach the front door. Before Bryan even has a chance to knock, the door OPENS to reveal MRS. FRANKLIN (50s, white), a deceivingly kind face, looks at Bryan, seems confused.
11) 62) dialog: Good to meet you, ma’am.
11) 64) dialog: (sarcastic) She seems like a lovely woman. The door OPENS. It’s MR. FRANKLIN, sent to deal with the problem. He looks from Bryan to Eva, addressing her as --
11) 68) dialog: What a piece a shit. (CONTINUED)
11) 72) dialog: We should sue ‘em for housing discrimination.
11) 74) dialog: You'll stay with us as long as you need. Daddy's cookin’ chicken tonight, and Chris is gonna help peel some potatoes. (hugs Chris) Sorry for cussing, baby. Bryan can’t help but smile, a closeness here already as they head to their cars.
11) 75) dialog: (pre-lap) I was writing a paper on capital punishment when I met my first death row inmate, Wayne Ritter.
12) 0) text: Chris builds some Lincoln Logs on the couch as Bryan sits at the table with Eva and DOUG (30s), almost done with dinner. Wine for Eva and Doug, water for Bryan. Eva has the floor:
12) 1) dialog: He and his friend robbed a pawnshop in Mobile. His friend shot the owner and they both got death. (beat) When he sat down across from me, I was pissin’ myself, I was so scared. First thing he did was fold his arms across his chest and ask me why his belt got arrested. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
12) 4) dialog: (off Bryan's confusion) Then he just stared at me for like twenty seconds...
12) 6) dialog: (slaps Doug playfully) Then, he leaned forward and said, my belt got arrested because it held up a pair of pants. Bryan and Doug LAUGH as Eva nods, this really happened.
12) 7) dialog: We were instant friends. (somber beat) The night he was executed, he asked me to throw him a party and play ‘Born to be Wild’ on repeat. Eva smiles at the irony, gets a little emotional. Doug rubs her back with care.
12) 10) dialog: (nods ) His attorney was openly in favor of the death penalty because he thought mad dogs ought to die. Everyone on the row either had shitty representation or none at all. So I just started calling every law firm in the Yellow Pages to find people to help. I was averaging about twenty rejections a day.
12) 16) dialog: (nods; to Bryan) I was just about to give up, when I got a call from this Harvard lawyer saying he just passed the Alabama Bar and was planning to start a legal center for death row inmates. I was in before you even offered me the job.
12) 18) dialog: I haven’t told Doug that part yet.
12) 20) dialog: You tired, baby? (off his nod) Let’s get you to bed.
21) 0) text: Eva walks through the living room, steps over papers scattered across the floor as she enters the --
22) 1) dialog: (sarcastic) You look rested. Bryan looks up, exhausted but still energized.
23) 0) text: Bryan at the table with an almost-empty box, papers sprawled around. Eva sits beside him, drinking coffee.
23) 3) dialog: Sounds like a pretty good deal. Bryan nods as he flips through a transcript, full of notes. (CONTINUED)
23) 7) dialog: (sarcastic) That seems logical.
23) 9) dialog: Seriously?
23) 11) dialog: And where’s that guy? Anyone looking for him? Bryan shakes his head -- exactly. Nothing makes sense. He grabs another paper.
23) 15) dialog: So, an eighteen-year-old white girl is murdered in broad daylight and the Sheriff can’t solve the crime for how long?
23) 17) dialog: (looks at Ralph's photo) Then some guy charged with a different murder says he can tell them who did it if they give hima lower sentence. And the guy who did it happens to be a black man from a poor community that no one would think twice about. Both can feel the energy here. Something is horribly wrong with this conviction. Bryan looks in the now empty box.
23) 19) dialog: Tommy Chapman just took over for Pearson a few months ago. He used to be a public defender.
23) 21) dialog: (beat; considers) Let’s hope not.
26) 4) dialog: Helping a black man convicted of killing a white girl is political suicide in that county. I’m sure he’s been reminded of that by whoever gave him his job.
27) 2) dialog: Doesn't surprise me. (yells to the kids) Chris! Bobby! Come eat your snack! The boys run over as Eva continues with Bryan.
27) 4) dialog: Okay. If I don’t hear from you by morning, I’ll send a rescue party.
27) 6) dialog: Me, too. (sincere) Just be careful, okay? Bryan nods, more aware by the moment of what he’s up against.
29) 23) dialog: I can’t imagine what it would feel like to know I was at home with my husband, and have a judge say, no, you weren’t... your truth is wrong. Bryan takes this in, processing everything before --
33) 0) text: INSERT PHOTO -- of Herbert Richardson in his Army uniform, sitting on the table. Bryan and Eva at the table, looking over Herbert’s legal papers and records. Doug and Chris build an Erector Set on the floor of the living room.
33) 1) dialog: Herbert was eighteen when he went to Vietnam. He was the only survivor in an ambush that killed his whole platoon. He had a mental breakdown, attempted suicide, and got sent home on an honorable discharge. (flips through pages) Back home he continued having nightmares, crying fits, running out of his house screaming ‘incoming’ to his neighbors.
33) 5) dialog: Course, he was. (beat) What can we do?
33) 9) dialog: Hello?
33) 11) dialog: (beat; shocked) Who the hell is this? Bryan turns in his chair, eyes locked on Eva as --
33) 13) dialog: Okay! Why don’t we all go outside and look at the stars. (CONTINUED)
34) 0) text: Bryan stands on the front yard beside Eva, holding Chris. FOUR POLICE OFFICERS and a BOMB-SNIFFING DOG search the perimeter. Doug talks to the HEAD OFFICER, walks back to Eva.
34) 2) dialog: Are they sure? Bryan notices an OLD SEDAN drive past, a YOUNG WHITE MAN in the passenger seat locks eyes with Bryan as they go by. It sends a chill down his spine. Eva catches the exchange, gives Chris a squeeze.
34) 3) dialog: Okay, baby, let’s get you to bed. Eva exchanges a look with Bryan as they head inside. EXT. EVA’S HOUSE - PORCH - NIGHT 50 Eva sits on the porch, smoking. Bryan exits the house and sits beside her. They stare into the darkness for a moment.
34) 4) dialog: When you asked me to do this with you, I knew I’d lose some friends, have people talkin’ shit behind my back, or to my face. And I was fine with that. Don’t need anyone to like me long as I’m doin’ what I’m supposed to. But threatenin’ my family... (long beat) I don’t know what the hell to do with that. Bryan can see how hard this is for her. It worries him, too, putting other people on the line. A long beat before -- (CONTINUED)
34) 8) dialog: I don’t want my son growing up knowing his mom stopped doing what was right because she was scared of some crazy bigot. (looks to Bryan; sincere) But we can’t keep working here. I’m waitin’ to hear back about a place in Old Alabama Town. It ain't pretty, but it fits the budget.
34) 10) dialog: So, what’s next?
34) 12) dialog: (sarcastic) Maybe once they see how charming we are they’1ll stop tryin’ to kill us. + eH Bryan’s smile takes us to --
36) 0) text: Eva munches on some fries as the OWNER (50s, female, white) enters from the back and hands her a worn FLYER advertising the fish fry. (CONTINUED)
36) 4) dialog: God, I could kiss you, Deb.
39) 0) text: Eva sits across the desk from CHARLES COOPER (older male, white), passionately arguing her case.
39) 1) dialog: Lawyers are movin’ here from Harvard Law School to work with us. We’re planning to grow into something the whole country will be talkin’ about, and you'll get to say it all started in your building. (CONTINUED)
39) 6) dialog: (shrugs) We're just helping people. Charles thinks for a beat, then, seems satisfied with that answer, he nods -- likes the sound of that.
41) 0) text: Bryan and Doug carry the desk in, Chris holding the door open for them, as Eva stops sweeping to direct them. JUST MERCY - Rev. 4/25/19 (Tan Add'l Photog) 57. INT. EJI - BRYAN’S DESK - A NEW DAY INSERT: Bit stack of client files on Bryan’s desk, see the names “Walter McMillian,” “Herbert Lee Richardson,” “Jesse Moore,” “Charlie Coleman,” “Norris Thomas,” “Vivian Clark” (the point is to make it clear there are many cases being juggled). INSERT: Bryan pulls off Herbert Lee Richardson's file (and a photo clipped to it) and opens it... REVEAL Herbert’s name here. TIGHT ON: Bryan at his desk on the phone, passionate despite the obvious burden of the Goliath task at hand.
41) 14) dialog: We know he attended your school from sixth to eighth grade and I was hoping we could get any school records you might have on file.
41) 17) dialog: Well, we got a tip that there were witnesses to back his alibi and wanted to confirm that he was clocked in from midnight to 8 the next morning.
41) 19) dialog: No, ma’am, it’s not a trick, we will not charge you or your family for anything, and we never will. (beat) No, ma’am, I’m not a lawyer, but I promise, your son is in very good hands. He HHH OK
42) 0) text: BRENDA (30s, black) shakes hands with Eva and Bryan and sits across from them at a conference table, a job interview.
43) 0) text: Brenda and Eva stack the shelves with law books. Brenda’s now a part of the team as: PRE-LAP -- The phone RINGS. INT. EJI - DAY c58 The place is now a functioning, messy office. Brenda STOPS TYPING to pick up the RINGING phone --
49) 0) text: Bryan sits in the office, haunted by the memory as he updates Brenda and Eva.
49) 3) dialog: (wipes her tears) I know. The PHONE RINGS. Brenda picks up --
54) 0) text: Bryan sits with Eva. She’s smoking, pissed off.
54) 1) dialog: These assholes can’t keep getting away with this shit. We need to file suit against the department.
54) 4) dialog: (takes a drag) So I can’t go throw a rock through that Sheriff's window?
60) 0) text: Eva listens to Bryan on SPEAKERPHONE --
60) 1) dialog: You think they’re hiding that first statement somewhere? (CONTINUED)
62) 0) text: Eva and Brenda at the table, pore over the photocopied files. Bryan at his desk listening to the tapes on headphones -- faint VOICES bleeding through. Something grabs his attention. He jots a note. Hits STOP. REWIND. PULLS off his headphones --
62) 14) dialog: Holy shit. INT. JUDGE FOSTER’S OFFICE - DAY 82 Bryan and Tommy across from JUDGE FOSTER (60s), white, formidable, and commanding, finishing his lunch.
63) 0) text: Bryan and Brenda walk in with TWO BOXES in hand. Eva takes them from Brenda and stacks them in the conference room with MORE BOXES -- they won the motion.
64) 0) text: Brenda writes labels on yellow stickies, cataloging a vast inventory of new evidence. Eva pulls a stack of files from a box, hands it to her. Bryan FLIPS through a THICK, RED BINDER. He finds something.
70) 0) text: Bryan and Eva sit at the table, a box of files in front of them. Bryan should be reading, but he can’t take his eyes off the clock -- 4:42, counting the seconds. The phone RINGS. Bryan picks up, still hopeful.
70) 6) dialog: When they executed Wayne Ritter, I tortured myself over whether or not to go... But some things are just too much. (beat) He knows how much you’ve done for him. You don’t have to watch him die to show him you care. Bryan nods. He understands this. But then, very plainly -
70) 8) dialog: I‘ll drive you, then. OFF Bryan’s look of gratitude for his friend --
87) 0) text: Bryan can barely watch, the ghostly IMAGE of Herbert’s pulsing body reflected dimly in the glass as -- INT. WALTER’S CELL - NIGHT 109 Walter stops clanging his cup, staring in Herbert's direction, feeling the loss of his friend. EXT./INT. HOLMAN PARKING LOT/BRYAN’S CIVIC - NIGHT 110 Eva sits on the hood of her car, numbing her stress with a cigarette. A few GUARDS and REPORTERS walk to their cars. Eva finishes her smoke as, across the parking lot, Bryan slowly approaches. She can clearly see his shock and pain from what he just witnessed. A long beat, then --
87) 1) dialog: You okay? Bryan shakes his head, can’t even speak. He opens the passenger door and gets in. Worry etched across her face, Eva gets into the driver’s seat and sits beside him. She doesn’t start the car. Sitting in a long silence until -- Bryan tries to say something, but words don’t come, caught in his throat, the emotion hits him suddenly like a storm, a dam breaking as all of his clients’ pain pours out of him. Eva burns with compassion for this man who has become her friend. She reaches over and wraps her arm around him, allowing him to let it out.
94) 0) text: Everyone turns to Walter as he tries to stand tall, keep his dignity, but fear is evident in his eyes. The place is PACKED WITH PEOPLE (WHITE and BLACK). At the front, Tommy and his assistant attorney sit at the prosecution table, Sheriff Tate in the seat behind them. Bryan's at the defense table, nervously checking his note Walter’s eyes land on Minnie in the first row. Eva and Brenda sit beside her, John and Jackie on her other side. Behind them, all of Walter’s FRIENDS AND FAMILY, giving him strength with their nods and smiles. Walter shares a look with Minnie laced with love and pain. Then he nods to John, who sits up tall, trying to be strong. He reaches the defense table. As Jeremy unlocks Walter’s cuffs, Bryan exchanges a reassuring look with him, though it’s impossible for either man to hide his nerves.
103) 9) dialog: You did great. Chapman oughta just call you tonight and drop the charges.
105) 0) text: EVERYONE is seated. Walter beside Bryan, nervous. Eva and Brenda are with Walter's family behind them. John is too nervous to look, lowers his head, arms on his knees. Minnie tenderly rubs his back with her hand. Tommy sits with his assistant, Tate behind them. Judge Foster, sitting at the bench, continues reading his decision --
106) 0) text: As Bryan walks to his car, he looks across the lot to see Minnie and Evelyn, embracing Jackie as she sobs. The sight hits him to his core. INT. WALTER’S HOUSE - KITCHEN —- AFTERNOON A130 Minnie sits down at the kitchen table, stirring instant coffee into a mug of hot water. She sets the mug on the table, doesn’t take a sip, haunted by the empty chairs that were once filled with those she loves. For a moment, she lets down her guard, lets the pain and frustration bubble to the surface of her skin. In this moment, she isn’t the solid rock of her family, she is a hurting, angry, devastated human being. Then, after she lets it out, she composes herself, wipes her tears, and takes a sip of her coffee.
111) 0) text: Bryan sits with Eva on a bench overlooking the wide, flowing river. In the distance, a large dinner boat, The Harriet, a “historical” recreation of the riverboats used during the time of slavery. ADD SHOT OF BRIE WALKING UP AND SITTING BESIDE BRYAN. Bryan watches the boat move slowly toward them. Then -- (CONTINUED)
111) 9) dialog: I’ve heard a lot of lawyers say * it’s never a good idea to get too close to your clients. Distance is healthy. (beat) But working with you showed me that’s bullshit. You choose to get close to every one of them, and you love them like family. And when your family is hurting, so are you... (beat) There’s no way I could ever fully understand what you’re going through. But I’m pretty sure you mean a lot more to this community than you think.
121) 0) text: Bryan types a motion as Eva brings a law book to his desk for reference.
124) 0) text: TRACK Eva THROUGH the busy main room of the office. She drops a file on the desk of a new, MALE LAWYER #1 (20s, black) .
124) 1) dialog: Lunch vote. Chris’ or Martha’s?... Hands up for Chris’? MALE LAWYER #2 (20s, white) stops TYPING to raise his hand along with male lawyer #1.
124) 2) dialog: Martha’s? Brenda raises her hand, along with FEMALE LAWYER (20s, black), standing at the copy machine spewing out pages.
124) 3) dialog: Bryan! Tie-breaker!
124) 11) dialog: The clerk from the Supreme Court said their ruling in the McMillian case is ready to be picked up. Bryan looks stunned for a moment, then he quickly gets up and rushes out the door. Everyone in the office watches him go.
129) 0) text: The STATE OFFICER enters the office, sees Eva with a stack of files.
129) 12) dialog: That son of a bitch. Bryan can’t believe this is happening. He grips the file in his hand, walks toward the door, infuriated.
129) 13) dialog: You want some backup?
134) 0) text: Bryan, Eva, and Brenda walk down the hall, exchanging concerned looks as they see a large group of PEOPLE in front of the courtroom doors. All of them are black. Walter’s FRIENDS and FAMILY. Bryan exchanges a concerned look with Eva as he finds Evelyn, Minnie, John, and the rest of Walter’s family.
134) 10) dialog: (pissed) You mean now that there’s no seats left? As the Guard stares at Eva, Minnie diffuses the tension, doesn’t want to ruin her chance to get inside.