28) 12) dialog: Hey, now! We ain’t gonna get nowhere with everybody quackin’ at the same time! Let Mr. Stevenson talk! Bryan knows how important this moment is. Takes a sip of his sweet tea to calm himself, looks out at the now silent sea of faces staring at him.
28) 17) dialog: Our perspective is there ain’t no way Johnny D did this crime. MURMURS of agreement wash throughout the room.
28) 18) dialog: The morning that girl was killed, we was all havin’ a fish fry here to raise money for the church. Johnny D was with us, mornin’ to night, workin’ on his truck with John. Bryan looks to JOHN (20s), clearly carrying the weight of his dad’s injustice, standing beside a 40-year-old mechanic, JIMMY, and DARNELL HOUSTON (20s), nervous, with a Jheri curl.
28) 22) dialog: Now how’s he supposed to go kidnap some crazy white man all the way in Evergreen and then drive back to Jackson Cleaners to kill that girl at 10:15 if his truck ain’t got no transmission? And for what? They said he stole thirty- five dollars. How stupid you gotta be to go through all that for thirty-five dollars? VOICES of agreement throughout the room. Bryan writes notes.
28) 44) dialog: I don’t know about the rest of you, but I was sold on, y’all won’t pay a penny. Everyone LAUGHS as Mrs. Williams tops off Bryan's tea.
106) 0) text: As Bryan walks to his car, he looks across the lot to see Minnie and Evelyn, embracing Jackie as she sobs. The sight hits him to his core. INT. WALTER’S HOUSE - KITCHEN —- AFTERNOON A130 Minnie sits down at the kitchen table, stirring instant coffee into a mug of hot water. She sets the mug on the table, doesn’t take a sip, haunted by the empty chairs that were once filled with those she loves. For a moment, she lets down her guard, lets the pain and frustration bubble to the surface of her skin. In this moment, she isn’t the solid rock of her family, she is a hurting, angry, devastated human being. Then, after she lets it out, she composes herself, wipes her tears, and takes a sip of her coffee.
134) 0) text: Bryan, Eva, and Brenda walk down the hall, exchanging concerned looks as they see a large group of PEOPLE in front of the courtroom doors. All of them are black. Walter’s FRIENDS and FAMILY. Bryan exchanges a concerned look with Eva as he finds Evelyn, Minnie, John, and the rest of Walter’s family.
134) 3) dialog: That boy’s makin’ us wait out here for over an hour. Bryan quickly approaches the Guard, boiling.