16) 0) text: Bryan's first time in the massive prison complex. He waits as JEREMY (early 30s, white), a muscular, heavily- tattooed guard, looks at his I.D., signs him in. Bryan notices the Confederate flag tattooed on his forearm. Jeremy's SUPERVISOR (50s, white) doesn’t look up from his auto magazine.
16) 2) dialog: I ain’t seen you before.
16) 4) dialog: You really a lawyer?
16) 6) dialog: Gonna have to search you... Go in that room and take everything off. (CONTINUED)
16) 10) dialog: You ain’t gonna visit shit unless you get in that room and strip. Bryan stares at Jeremy, then to his supervisor, who still hasn’t looked up from his magazine.
16) 11) dialog: Let's go. Bryan hesitates, wanting to argue, but quickly realizing he has no other choice.
17) 0) text: Bryan stands shirtless as Jeremy feels through his jacket before tossing it on the table.
17) 1) dialog: Pants and underwear. Bryan looks at him a beat before stripping the rest off and handing it to him. Jeremy feels through his pants, then --
17) 2) dialog: Bend over and spread. Bryan doesn’t move. This is as far as he goes. Jeremy decides it’s not worth the battle. After a beat, he tosses Bryan’s pants on the table. Lets him off the hook.
17) 3) dialog: You're clear. He turns and walks out the door. Bryan takes a moment to let his adrenaline settle, the humiliation evident on his face. He closes his eyes, catches his breath. When he opens them, enough strength has returned to grab his clothes. Pants -- shirt -- tie. Then finally, his jacket. Each layer rebuilding a piece of his dignity until -- (CONTINUED)
71) 0) text: Herbert sits on his bed. Jeremy, the guard who strip- searched Bryan, stands nervously outside with an OLDER GUARD.
71) 1) dialog: Come on, Herbert. We gotta go. Herbert hesitates, shaking with fear. He stands with a nod, then steps out onto the walkway. (CONTINUED)
74) 0) text: Jeremy and a CHAMBER GUARD set up folding chairs in the small witness execution room. Jeremy looks THROUGH the viewing window to see another GUARD checking the straps on the yellow electric chair.
74) 2) dialog: Yeah.
77) 0) text: “Old Rugged Cross” echoes through the empty hallway as -- The cell door opens. Herbert steps out, handcuffed, led by the WARDEN, followed by Jeremy, the older guard, and the PRIEST. They begin the long walk to the chamber. INT. DEATH ROW WALKWAY/WALTER’S CELL - CONTINUOUS ACTION “Old Rugged Cross” continues. EVERY DEATH ROW PRISONER stands at the bars of their cells, all SILENT, WAITING SHADOWS. INSIDE HIS CELL -- Anthony lies in bed, arm over his face. INSIDE HIS CELL -- Walter sits on the floor, waiting.
79) 0) text: The warden leads Herbert to the chair, helps him sit down as Jeremy walks up. He looks to the older guard, opposite side of the chair. The older guard nods. Jeremy takes hold of Herbert’s hand, forces it down into the wrist restraint. He looks up as Herbert glances at him. Herbert’s fear hits Jeremy hard. He tries not to think about it, shakes it off, finishes the restraints as --
84) 0) text: Herbert listens to the sound of his friends CLANGING and SCREAMING through the walls. He remembers Walter's advice, closes his eyes, slows his BREATH, lets the VOICES wash over him. Everything slows as -- Jeremy grabs a yellow sign that says “READY,” holds it up to a circular window that looks into the generator room. We FOLLOW him as he leaves the room, shuts the door, walks DOWN the hall, and TAPS on the door with a large key.
86) 0) text: Jeremy stands in the hallway, stares THROUGH a window, eyes on Herbert until -- he averts his gaze, can’t take it as -- 108 109 110 111 JUST MERCY - Rev. 4/25/19 (Tan Add'l Photog) 91.
92) 0) text: Walter exits the holding cell in leg irons and a waist chain, guided by Jeremy and ANOTHER GUARD.
93) 0) text: FOLLOW Walter, Jeremy, and the other guard down a hallway. (CONTINUED)
94) 0) text: Everyone turns to Walter as he tries to stand tall, keep his dignity, but fear is evident in his eyes. The place is PACKED WITH PEOPLE (WHITE and BLACK). At the front, Tommy and his assistant attorney sit at the prosecution table, Sheriff Tate in the seat behind them. Bryan's at the defense table, nervously checking his note Walter’s eyes land on Minnie in the first row. Eva and Brenda sit beside her, John and Jackie on her other side. Behind them, all of Walter’s FRIENDS AND FAMILY, giving him strength with their nods and smiles. Walter shares a look with Minnie laced with love and pain. Then he nods to John, who sits up tall, trying to be strong. He reaches the defense table. As Jeremy unlocks Walter’s cuffs, Bryan exchanges a reassuring look with him, though it’s impossible for either man to hide his nerves.
103) 6) dialog: We got a few minutes if y’all wanna say hi. Bryan and Walter look to Jeremy, shocked by the kind gesture. Jeremy glances at Bryan, then looks down. There is a humility here not present in their first meeting. A sense of shame.
103) 7) dialog: We'll leave in five minutes. Bryan is speechless. Walter nods, grateful --
107) 0) text: Jeremy and a SECOND HOLMAN GUARD walk Walter to his cell. As the door SLIDES open, his body goes stiff. The second guard UNLOCKS his cuffs. Walter hesitates. They try to usher him in, but he stands strong. Shakes his head. They push against him as he grabs the door, refuses to go back in.
107) 1) dialog: Come on, man, don’t make this hard. They push him harder, but Walter doesn’t budge, grabs the sides of the door to keep from going in.
107) 2) dialog: Don't do this, McMillian. (CONTINUED)
109) 0) text: A small, empty cell. No bed, no window. Walter sits, back against the wall. He stares ahead. Lost. Then -- The slot in the door SLIDES open. Walter looks up to see Jeremy looking at him through the small window. A beat before -- he slides something through the slot. Jeremy gives him a nod and walks away. Walter hesitates, then stands, walks to the door, and reaches into the slot to find -- The family photos Minnie gave him long ago, faded with age. 135 136 137 138 JUST MERCY - Rev. 4/25/19 (Tan Add'l Photog) 113.
115) 0) text: Bryan waits as Jeremy checks him in, just like he did the first time he visited. But something seems different in Jeremy's demeanor. He glances at Bryan as he checks his ID.
115) 1) dialog: After that dude said he made the whole thing up, I thought they’d let McMillian go. Bryan looks at Jeremy, surprised, before --
115) 3) dialog: You get his kid out?
115) 5) dialog: That’s good. Bryan takes his ID, hesitates, clearly taken aback by this exchange. Then, he gives a polite nod, turns away as --
115) 6) dialog: Hey. (off Bryan’s look) Uh, can I ask you somethin’? Bryan nods, watches him struggle to form the words. (CONTINUED)
115) 9) dialog: Um... I could get in trouble for this, but... I got an uncle, who took care a me growin’ up, good guy. And, uh, he’s in here. Block 4.
115) 11) dialog: (nods ) His lawyer's a piece a shit. I was wonderin’ if you could maybe take a look at his case. I can pay you. Bryan never saw this one coming. He can see Jeremy's sincerity, realizing he has his own struggles to face. He walks up to him, pulls a business card from his pocket, and hands it over.
115) 13) dialog: Thank you. Bryan nods, turns into the prison with a little more hope than when he first walked in.
119) 0) text: Jeremy and some OTHER GUARDS watch the show on a small TV as -- ON TV: Bryan speaks to Ed Bradley in the interview we started with -- (CONTINUED)
136) 0) text: Walter steps out of his cell in a black suit, duffle bag on his shoulder as a HUNDRED MEN YELL, WHISTLE, and BANG their metal cups on the bars, letting him know he’s not alone. Jeremy and a guard walk behind Walter, letting him lead for once as he walks to --