20) 0) text: Bryan sits on the ground in the living room, illuminated by a single lamp. The couch made up for a bed. Spread out in front of him are 4 VOLUMES of transcripts and a folder full of records from Walter McMillian’s case. INSERT CLOSEUP DOCUMENT 1 -- “Walter ‘Johnny D’ McMillian case no. #####.” INSERT CLOSEUP DOCUMENT 2 -- “Ralph Myers -- quote from testimony...” (CONTINUED)
28) 20) dialog: We was up at six in the morning to get his truck on the rack. Jimmy was there, too.
28) 37) dialog: (cuts him off) The last lawyers was talkin’ big, jus’ like you, then took all our money and split. Why you different? Bryan takes a beat, respects John’s sense of distrust.
29) 2) dialog: Hey, Mr. Stevenson.
29) 4) dialog: Oh, okay, um... this is my friend, Darnell. He wants to talk to you ‘bout somethin’. Bryan notices how nervous Darnell seems. A beat before Darnell looks at John, who gives an encouraging nod. Then --
29) 7) dialog: You heard of Bill Hooks, right?
29) 15) dialog: ‘Cause the snitch cut a deal with the cops. They had ‘im locked up for burglary, and the day he gave his statement, they let ‘im out, all charges dropped. Bryan looks at Darnell, steady and calm as --
94) 0) text: Everyone turns to Walter as he tries to stand tall, keep his dignity, but fear is evident in his eyes. The place is PACKED WITH PEOPLE (WHITE and BLACK). At the front, Tommy and his assistant attorney sit at the prosecution table, Sheriff Tate in the seat behind them. Bryan's at the defense table, nervously checking his note Walter’s eyes land on Minnie in the first row. Eva and Brenda sit beside her, John and Jackie on her other side. Behind them, all of Walter’s FRIENDS AND FAMILY, giving him strength with their nods and smiles. Walter shares a look with Minnie laced with love and pain. Then he nods to John, who sits up tall, trying to be strong. He reaches the defense table. As Jeremy unlocks Walter’s cuffs, Bryan exchanges a reassuring look with him, though it’s impossible for either man to hide his nerves.
103) 12) dialog: My dad wanted me to drop this off. He reveals a used Rhodes keyboard with a bow around it.
103) 13) dialog: He said to have a little fun for once. 126 127 128 JUST MERCY - FULL YELLOW 108. INT. BRYAN’S RENTAL - NIGHT 126 Bryan sits at the keyboard, taking a rare break from his work to play a slow, JAZZY RIFF. His spirit lifts with every note. PUSH IN ON a new addition to his bookshelf -- beside a photo of Herbert as a young soldier: an American flag, folded in a triangle, in a display case that reads, “In loving memory of, Herbert Richardson, United States Army, Vietnam Veteran.”
105) 0) text: EVERYONE is seated. Walter beside Bryan, nervous. Eva and Brenda are with Walter's family behind them. John is too nervous to look, lowers his head, arms on his knees. Minnie tenderly rubs his back with her hand. Tommy sits with his assistant, Tate behind them. Judge Foster, sitting at the bench, continues reading his decision --
105) 5) dialog: You can’t do this to us again, Judge.
105) 7) dialog: That’s my dad, sir. He ain’t done nothin’ wrong. A hint of empathy flashes over Judge FOSTER before --
105) 14) dialog: Not if you gonna kill my dad for no reason...
105) 17) dialog: You killin’ our family, sir. Walter sees the Officers approaching John.
110) 0) text: Walter sits on the floor again, flipping through the photos one-by-one until -- He reaches the picture of himself with John. Suddenly, his anger fades, replaced by tears fighting to break free. He turns the photo over to see in his wife's handwriting -- “This is you. Love, Minnie.” Walter stares at the words for a long beat, wondering if he will ever be able to believe them again. INT. BRYAN’S RENTAL - NIGHT 136 Bryan lies in bed, wide awake, his brain spinning out. He looks at the clock -- 2:23 AM. No point trying to sleep. He sits up, might as well get some work done -- INT. BRYAN'S RENTAL —- MOMENTS LATER 137 Bryan sits at a small table, covered in papers and files. He tries to work, but he can’t get his mind off the frustration of Walter’s case. He rests his foot on the table, leans back, covers his face, draws a long, frustrated BREATH. Then BOOM! He suddenly KICKS the table, a brief but shocking burst of anger, spraying a few stacks of files to the floor. He sits there another beat, still, broken, silent. Then, he stands and starts to methodically clean the mess up.
116) 15) dialog: (unconvinced) Even if he do get out, everybody but us still gonna think he guilty. If they can’t kill ‘im in there, they can still do it out here.
134) 0) text: Bryan, Eva, and Brenda walk down the hall, exchanging concerned looks as they see a large group of PEOPLE in front of the courtroom doors. All of them are black. Walter’s FRIENDS and FAMILY. Bryan exchanges a concerned look with Eva as he finds Evelyn, Minnie, John, and the rest of Walter’s family.