95) 2) dialog: What we'll be talking about today is obviously an emotional issue. And if any of y’all don’t think you can maintain a reasonable degree of decorum, then I would ask you to leave now. (beat) All right, if we are ready, then, we will proceed. Mr. Stevenson? (CONTINUED)
95) 39) dialog: Order, please! As the courtroom quiets, with increasing momentum --
96) 13) dialog: Go ahead, Mr. Myers. Nothing Tommy can do. Ralph speaks with conviction.
102) 5) dialog: Thank you, Counselors. We’1ll reconvene at a later date once I've had time to look through everything. The BAILIFF walks to the front of the court, hearing over as --
104) 2) dialog: (pre-lap) Upon the reading of my decision, I expect the rules of decorum within this courtroom to be upheld...
105) 0) text: EVERYONE is seated. Walter beside Bryan, nervous. Eva and Brenda are with Walter's family behind them. John is too nervous to look, lowers his head, arms on his knees. Minnie tenderly rubs his back with her hand. Tommy sits with his assistant, Tate behind them. Judge Foster, sitting at the bench, continues reading his decision --
105) 1) dialog: Ralph Myers took the stand before this court, swore to tell the truth, and proceeded to recant most, if not all, of the relevant portions of his testimony at trial. Clearly, he has either perjured himself at trial or in front of this court. (beat) After careful review, it is this court’s opinion that conclusive evidence has not been provided that Ralph Myers perjured himself at the original trial, and that pressure put on him since his trial testimony could tend to discredit his recantation. (CONTINUED)
105) 4) dialog: Therefore it is ordered, adjudged, and decreed that the trial testimony of Ralph Myers is not found to have been perjured testimony, and no new trial shall be granted at this time. Walter McMillian shall be returned to Holman Correctional Facility where he is to face death by electrocution. A WAVE OF DESPAIR sweeps through Walter’s family and friends. Walter puts his head down, Bryan puts his hand on his back, exchanges a devastated look with Eva. Behind them, John suddenly STANDS with tears in his eyes
105) 6) dialog: (beat; firm) Sit down, young man. John shakes his head, more broken than defiant. He looks from the Judge to Walter, quivering with emotion.
105) 8) dialog: Sit down right now, or you'll be arrested in contempt of court. Bryan stands, tries to manage the situation.
105) 13) dialog: I won’t say it again. Sit down. John stares at JUDGE FOSTER, body trembling, tears streaming, but unable to move. He shakes his head, totally broken.
135) 3) dialog: Please be seated. (as they sit) We got a full house so let’s try to move through this in a timely manner. We’re here because Mr. Stevenson has filed a motion to dismiss all charges against Mr. McMillian in this case. (beat) Mr. Stevenson, since it’s your motion, I’d like you to speak to it first, and then we’ll hear from the State. Bryan stands. He looks at Walter, trying to control his nerves, then to Walter’s family, and the men and women standing in back. He looks forward, strong. (CONTINUED)
135) 10) dialog: Mr. Chapman, what is the State’s position on this motion? Tommy sits there, deep in thought, playing with his pencil. He stays silent long enough to make it awkward.
135) 11) dialog: Mr. Chapman?
135) 14) dialog: You're troubled?
135) 16) dialog: Mr. Chapman, please. Tommy thinks for another beat. Then finally --
135) 20) dialog: (to Tommy) To be clear, Mr. Chapman. Are you joining the motion to dismiss all charges today?
135) 22) dialog: Order, please. Silence falls. Judge Baschab is quiet a beat, considers everything. Then, she looks at Tommy and Bryan.
135) 23) dialog: Well, y’all made my job easy today. Walter and his family hold their breath, nervous and unsure as to what this means as --
135) 24) dialog: In the case of The People vs. McMillian, the court hereby grants the defendant’s motion. (beat; looks to Walter) All charges against you are dismissed, Mr. McMillian. You’re free to go. Walter sits in stunned silence, trying to process as -- His family erupts in JOYFUL SOBS. Minnie hugs John and Jackie. Eva hugs Brenda. Tate shoots Tommy a disappointed look as he walks out the door. Amidst the rejoicing, MOVE IN CLOSE ON Walter as he suddenly hides his face in his hands, unable to control the emotions inside of him. Bryan leans in, tries to comfort him. Bryan realizes Walter needs his family. He glances at Eva, who nods back -- she understands. She waves to Minnie, John and Jackie to follow her down the aisle. They stop at the partition. Minnie looks to the Judge, who nods for her to continue. She rushes to Walter, her children close behind, all of them crouch down and embrace him where he sits. (CONTINUED)