28) 4) dialog: You the lawyer?
28) 6) dialog: I'm Johnny D’s wife, Minnie.
28) 10) dialog: Thank you for drivin’ all the way out here. Most lawyers barely got time to call. Hope you don’t mind, a few friends from the neighborhood showed up to hear what you got to say. Bryan looks around, more cars pulling in behind him.
28) 26) dialog: My husband could have never done this no kind of way, whether we was with him or not. He’s just not like that. MURMURS agreeing as BERNARD (50s), Walter’s friend, speaks.
28) 29) dialog: It's okay. It ain’t no secret. (beat) Few months before the murder, Johnny D got caught messin’ ‘round with a white woman in town. When her husband found out, he made sure everybody knew ‘bout it. (beat; frustrated) People started talkin’, and the stories kept growin’. He went from a cheat to a drug dealer to the head of the Dixie Mafia. So when someone finally called him a killer, nobody thought twice. UNCLE LEO (70s), confined to a wheelchair but with the voice of a leader, speaks up.
28) 31) dialog: There ain’t no excuse for what my husband did to me and this family. Damn fool hurt me bad. (beat; strong) But he’s still the daddy of my kids. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
28) 34) dialog: And I really don’t know what I’m s'pose to tell them about stayin’ out of trouble when you can be at your own house, minding your own business, surrounded by your entire family, and they still go and put some murder on you. MURMURS of agreement as Bryan gathers his thoughts.
28) 43) dialog: Well, you seem like good people to me, but he’s the one you gotta convince. Bryan nods, knows this is true. Evelyn smiles big --
94) 0) text: Everyone turns to Walter as he tries to stand tall, keep his dignity, but fear is evident in his eyes. The place is PACKED WITH PEOPLE (WHITE and BLACK). At the front, Tommy and his assistant attorney sit at the prosecution table, Sheriff Tate in the seat behind them. Bryan's at the defense table, nervously checking his note Walter’s eyes land on Minnie in the first row. Eva and Brenda sit beside her, John and Jackie on her other side. Behind them, all of Walter’s FRIENDS AND FAMILY, giving him strength with their nods and smiles. Walter shares a look with Minnie laced with love and pain. Then he nods to John, who sits up tall, trying to be strong. He reaches the defense table. As Jeremy unlocks Walter’s cuffs, Bryan exchanges a reassuring look with him, though it’s impossible for either man to hide his nerves.
105) 0) text: EVERYONE is seated. Walter beside Bryan, nervous. Eva and Brenda are with Walter's family behind them. John is too nervous to look, lowers his head, arms on his knees. Minnie tenderly rubs his back with her hand. Tommy sits with his assistant, Tate behind them. Judge Foster, sitting at the bench, continues reading his decision --
105) 19) dialog: HEY! Get your damn hands off my son! Walter tries to stand, but is held back by Jeremy. Bryan wants to jump in and help, but is blocked by the Guard standing like a wall right in front of him. Officer #1 has his knee on John’s back, violently pulling his arms back to cuff him.
106) 0) text: As Bryan walks to his car, he looks across the lot to see Minnie and Evelyn, embracing Jackie as she sobs. The sight hits him to his core. INT. WALTER’S HOUSE - KITCHEN —- AFTERNOON A130 Minnie sits down at the kitchen table, stirring instant coffee into a mug of hot water. She sets the mug on the table, doesn’t take a sip, haunted by the empty chairs that were once filled with those she loves. For a moment, she lets down her guard, lets the pain and frustration bubble to the surface of her skin. In this moment, she isn’t the solid rock of her family, she is a hurting, angry, devastated human being. Then, after she lets it out, she composes herself, wipes her tears, and takes a sip of her coffee.
109) 0) text: A small, empty cell. No bed, no window. Walter sits, back against the wall. He stares ahead. Lost. Then -- The slot in the door SLIDES open. Walter looks up to see Jeremy looking at him through the small window. A beat before -- he slides something through the slot. Jeremy gives him a nod and walks away. Walter hesitates, then stands, walks to the door, and reaches into the slot to find -- The family photos Minnie gave him long ago, faded with age. 135 136 137 138 JUST MERCY - Rev. 4/25/19 (Tan Add'l Photog) 113.
110) 0) text: Walter sits on the floor again, flipping through the photos one-by-one until -- He reaches the picture of himself with John. Suddenly, his anger fades, replaced by tears fighting to break free. He turns the photo over to see in his wife's handwriting -- “This is you. Love, Minnie.” Walter stares at the words for a long beat, wondering if he will ever be able to believe them again. INT. BRYAN’S RENTAL - NIGHT 136 Bryan lies in bed, wide awake, his brain spinning out. He looks at the clock -- 2:23 AM. No point trying to sleep. He sits up, might as well get some work done -- INT. BRYAN'S RENTAL —- MOMENTS LATER 137 Bryan sits at a small table, covered in papers and files. He tries to work, but he can’t get his mind off the frustration of Walter’s case. He rests his foot on the table, leans back, covers his face, draws a long, frustrated BREATH. Then BOOM! He suddenly KICKS the table, a brief but shocking burst of anger, spraying a few stacks of files to the floor. He sits there another beat, still, broken, silent. Then, he stands and starts to methodically clean the mess up.
116) 13) dialog: You think they’1l do that?
134) 0) text: Bryan, Eva, and Brenda walk down the hall, exchanging concerned looks as they see a large group of PEOPLE in front of the courtroom doors. All of them are black. Walter’s FRIENDS and FAMILY. Bryan exchanges a concerned look with Eva as he finds Evelyn, Minnie, John, and the rest of Walter’s family.
134) 2) dialog: They won’t let us in. Evelyn points to a YOUNG GUARD (22, white) standing at the door, letting a short line of WHITE PEOPLE through.
134) 11) dialog: It’s okay. We’ll find room. The Guard stands firm as Minnie leads the group inside.