2) 0) text: He notices something up ahead, slows to a stop to see -- SEVEN POLICE CARS block the road with 14 OFFICERS, guns drawn and aimed at him. He TURNS down the MUSIC. Fear ripples through him as -- SHERIFF TATE (late 30s, white) approaches the truck, unsettling ease in his step. Walter shows both hands as Tate reaches the window.
2) 2) dialog: Oh, no, that won’t be necessary. Tate seems almost friendly as he looks at the trailer of logs, then over the truck, brand new rims on the wheels.
2) 3) dialog: Nice truck. These rims look expensive. (CONTINUED)
2) 7) dialog: (nods; subtle beat) Who you workin’ for?
2) 9) dialog: No boss to check in with, huh? Must be real nice. Free to roam wherever you want in your fancy truck.
2) 11) dialog: I heard that ain’t stopped you before. (off Walter’s stare) Ain’t that right, Johnny D? Walter locks eyes with him -- how does he know his name? He looks out the windshield to see 3 OFFICERS approaching with guns aimed at his head. Tate leans in close.
2) 12) dialog: Wanna make a run for it? ‘Cause after what you done, I’d welcome a reason to do this right now.
2) 18) dialog: He’s got a history of sexual misconduct among other things, so it don’t surprise me he’d do something like this. Guys like that don’t stop unless you make ‘em.
2) 34) dialog: We promised this community we'd find ‘im and that’s what we did. You do a crime like this in my town, one way or another, you gonna pay for it.
52) 0) text: Into the bullpen area of the department. 8 WHITE OFFICERS turn, all eyes locked on him at once. Bryan spots Sheriff Tate staring at him across the room. He gathers his courage, marches across the space toward him -- When he’s almost there, the man sitting across from Tate turns around. Bryan stops, surprised to see Tommy Chapman.
52) 3) dialog: If people make false statements concerning this case, they’re going to be held accountable.
52) 11) dialog: You know, I spoke to Ronda Morrison's mother yesterday. She was in tears, askin’ me why some lawyer from up north was makin’ them relive all this hell again.
52) 13) dialog: (shakes his head) I know how desperate you must be to fulfill your fantasy of who we are down here. Just a bunch of corrupt Southern racists framin’ niggers for murder. And you here to save the day. If that’s the story you wanna believe, go right ahead. But I know Johnny D killed that girl, and he’s going to answer for it.
52) 15) dialog: Ralph Myers gave us his testimony on his own accord.
52) 21) dialog: That alright with you, Tommy?
52) 26) dialog: Thanks for stoppin’ by, Counselor. Bryan fights the urge to scream. A beat, he turns, walks to the door with confidence, refusing to show any intimidation.
62) 5) dialog: (on tape) Is that right?
62) 8) dialog: (on tape) And you would take a polygraph to the fact that you do not know who killed Ronda Morrison.
62) 12) dialog: (on tape; beat; frustrated) And you would face the person that could testify --
91) 0) text: A CROWD (all black) files through a metal detector, 2 GUARDS standing by. Another GUARD holds a German shepherd as it BARKS at a WOMAN who jumps back in fear. Sheriff Tate enters the courtroom with Tommy and his ASSISTANT ATTORNEY.
94) 0) text: Everyone turns to Walter as he tries to stand tall, keep his dignity, but fear is evident in his eyes. The place is PACKED WITH PEOPLE (WHITE and BLACK). At the front, Tommy and his assistant attorney sit at the prosecution table, Sheriff Tate in the seat behind them. Bryan's at the defense table, nervously checking his note Walter’s eyes land on Minnie in the first row. Eva and Brenda sit beside her, John and Jackie on her other side. Behind them, all of Walter’s FRIENDS AND FAMILY, giving him strength with their nods and smiles. Walter shares a look with Minnie laced with love and pain. Then he nods to John, who sits up tall, trying to be strong. He reaches the defense table. As Jeremy unlocks Walter’s cuffs, Bryan exchanges a reassuring look with him, though it’s impossible for either man to hide his nerves.
120) 0) text: Sheriff Tate drinks with some off-duty COPS, all watching -- ON TV: Ed Bradley sits with Ralph Myers, in his prison uniform.