25) 6) dialog: Mr. Stevenson? Tommy Chapman. (they shake) Come on in. 35 INT. TOMMY CHAPMAN’S OFFICE - A MOMENT LATER 35 Bryan follows Tommy into his modest office.
25) 7) dialog: A lot of people are eager to meet you, Mr. Stevenson.
25) 9) dialog: Harvard lawyer movin’ to Alabama, takin’ on all these capital cases. Everyone’s wondering what your intentions are. Bryan smiles politely, refusing to show any nerves.
25) 14) dialog: (beat; then) Legal assistance is one thing, tryin’ to put convicted murderers back on the street is somethin’ else entirely. 34. 35 A charged beat, sizing each other up until, Tommy smiles --
25) 15) dialog: But I’m sure you didn’t come all the way down here to talk about that. What can I do for you today, Bryan? Bryan reaches into his briefcase and pulls out a file of transcripts, with portions highlighted.
25) 17) dialog: You know I wasn’t part of his prosecution, right? That was before my time.
25) 19) dialog: This was one of the most outrageous crimes in Monroe County history, and your client made a lot of people here very angry.
25) 23) dialog: But I already know what happened. Johnny D McMillian was convicted by a jury of brutally murdering a teenage girl in my community. And it’s my job to defend the integrity of that conviction. Bryan sits back, was hoping for a different response.
25) 25) dialog: You’re the only one I know who thinks that.
25) 27) dialog: That man caused a lot of pain for folks ‘round here, and if you start diggin’ in those wounds, you’re gonna be makin’ a lot of people very unhappy. Bryan hesitates -- is that a threat? He recovers --
25) 29) dialog: Ralph Myers’ two confessions and a statement from Bill Hooks. Bryan opens it, FLIPS through the three meager documents.
25) 34) dialog: And that’s what you’re holding.
25) 36) dialog: That’s what’s relevant to McMillian’s case. If you want more, you’ll need to file a discovery motion with the court, just like anybody else. With this, he stands -- meeting over. Off Bryan’s surprise --
25) 37) dialog: Thanks for stopping by, Mr. Stevenson.
25) 39) dialog: Lookin’ forward to it. Bryan reluctantly shakes Tommy’s hand. As he turns to leave --
25) 40) dialog: You oughta check out our Mockingbird Museum on your way out of town. One of the great civil rights landmarks of the South. Bryan bites his tongue, frustration building as he leaves.
52) 0) text: Into the bullpen area of the department. 8 WHITE OFFICERS turn, all eyes locked on him at once. Bryan spots Sheriff Tate staring at him across the room. He gathers his courage, marches across the space toward him -- When he’s almost there, the man sitting across from Tate turns around. Bryan stops, surprised to see Tommy Chapman.
52) 1) dialog: Hey, Bryan. Have you met Sheriff Tate? Bryan takes a moment to process. Then, controlled anger --
52) 5) dialog: So you're representing Mr. Houston now, too?
52) 7) dialog: Hooks isn’t the state’s main witness, Ralph Myers is.
52) 22) dialog: Sure. (off Bryan's surprise) Doesn’t really matter, now that the court denied your motion to reopen the case. Bryan stares at them both, caught completely off guard.
52) 24) dialog: You didn’t get the order? The judge is down in Mobile now. Sometimes they have mail issues. Bryan fights to regain his footing as Tommy stands.
52) 25) dialog: You can tell Mr. Houston the charges against him are being dropped. I can do that much for y'all, but anything else will have to be raised on appeal. Tate gives him a condescending nod.
62) 16) dialog: Askin’ the State to furnish these broad, generalized requests is a waste of all our time and taxpayer money. None of the requested materials are relevant to this case.
62) 18) dialog: Those tapes were taken from a completely different investigation! (CONTINUED)
91) 0) text: A CROWD (all black) files through a metal detector, 2 GUARDS standing by. Another GUARD holds a German shepherd as it BARKS at a WOMAN who jumps back in fear. Sheriff Tate enters the courtroom with Tommy and his ASSISTANT ATTORNEY.
94) 0) text: Everyone turns to Walter as he tries to stand tall, keep his dignity, but fear is evident in his eyes. The place is PACKED WITH PEOPLE (WHITE and BLACK). At the front, Tommy and his assistant attorney sit at the prosecution table, Sheriff Tate in the seat behind them. Bryan's at the defense table, nervously checking his note Walter’s eyes land on Minnie in the first row. Eva and Brenda sit beside her, John and Jackie on her other side. Behind them, all of Walter’s FRIENDS AND FAMILY, giving him strength with their nods and smiles. Walter shares a look with Minnie laced with love and pain. Then he nods to John, who sits up tall, trying to be strong. He reaches the defense table. As Jeremy unlocks Walter’s cuffs, Bryan exchanges a reassuring look with him, though it’s impossible for either man to hide his nerves.
96) 2) dialog: Mr. Myers, didn’t you work out a deal with the State to get a lighter sentence if you testified to the truth? Ralph thinks a beat, then --
96) 4) dialog: Well, how do we know you’re not lying now? How do we know, you ain't just upset about the deal you got, and you feel like somehow by you changing your story, it might help you get out? 116 Ralph's fear is gone completely now, ready for a fight. (CONTINUED)
96) 9) dialog: (interrupts) Thank you, Mr. Myers, let’s move on to the next question.
96) 11) dialog: (quickly) You've said enough.
105) 0) text: EVERYONE is seated. Walter beside Bryan, nervous. Eva and Brenda are with Walter's family behind them. John is too nervous to look, lowers his head, arms on his knees. Minnie tenderly rubs his back with her hand. Tommy sits with his assistant, Tate behind them. Judge Foster, sitting at the bench, continues reading his decision --
120) 10) dialog: (on TV) Ralph’s about as low as you can get. He’s a scum.
120) 12) dialog: (on TV) Yes, sir, I’d characterize him a liar, particularly now. Cut to Bryan, mid-interview:
120) 14) dialog: (on TV) What’s wrong with our criminal justice system is the fact that, um, people want to come back sometime and second-guess juries. Uh, I don’t think there been any law enforcement misconduct in this case, I don’t think anyone’s proved it. (CONTINUED)
120) 19) dialog: (on TV) Yes... I’d be comfortable with it.
120) 21) dialog: (on TV) He had his day in court. He, uh, was tried by a jury and they heard the testimony and they believed it. HOLD ON Tommy as he chews on his dinner, pondering his role in this story as -- OVER “60 MINUTES” AUDIO:
127) 7) dialog: (on TV) No comment at this time. As Tommy heads out the door -- 155 INT. TOMMY CHAPMAN’S HOUSE - DINING TABLE - NIGHT 155 Tommy sits at the table, looking over paperwork from McMillian’s case, stressed. His WIFE enters, hands him a glass of water. She rubs his back, sees his anxiety.
127) 8) dialog: If I don’t keep fightin’ this, I’m not gonna have a job when it’s over. TOMMY’S WIFE Do you think he did it? (CONTINUED)
127) 14) dialog: (beat; then) It doesn’t matter what I think. TOMMY’S WIFE Of course, it does. As Tommy ponders her words --
130) 0) text: Bryan's car drives by. INT./EXT. BRYAN’S CIVIC/CHAPMAN’S HOUSE - EVENING D156 Bryan drives up to Tommy’s house, gets out, and strides up to the front door -- KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK. A beat of Bryan keeping his anger in check. The door OPENS, Tommy sees Bryan glaring back at him.
130) 1) dialog: Bryan.
130) 3) dialog: Not sure what you mean.
130) 7) dialog: My investigation is still in process.
130) 9) dialog: Do you have any idea the bullshit I've put up with since your ‘60 Minutes’ story aired? I got the governor on my ass, the NAACP callin’ me a racist, Ronda’s family checkin’ in every day.
130) 11) dialog: This ain’t got nothin’ to do with my reputation. It’s about the people in this county who hired me to keep them safe.
130) 13) dialog: You drive all the way down here at dinnertime just to tell me how to do my job?
130) 18) dialog: Next time you wanna stop by my house, I’d appreciate you callin’ first. (beat) Get the hell off my property. Tommy heads inside as Bryan turns back to his car, unfazed.
135) 12) dialog: Yes, Your Honor. Sorry, I’m just... Tommy reluctantly stands, unsure of what to say.
135) 13) dialog: I’m troubled, Your Honor. The Judge glances at Bryan, confused by Tommy's statement.
135) 15) dialog: Yes, Your Honor, sorry I... (hesitates) People in this community want to go to sleep at night knowin’ that if someone commits a terrible crime, that someone is gonna be punished for it... (beat) But... I’ve taken another look at the evidence, and... Tommy turns to Walter’s people standing in the back. He glances at Bryan, then to the Judge. Another long beat...
135) 17) dialog: The State does not object to the motion, Your Honor. A stunned beat. MURMURS in the courtroom. (CONTINUED)
135) 21) dialog: (beat) Yes, Your Honor. The MURMURS grow louder from the courtroom as --