1) 3) dialog: Let’s lay it down right here. He looks up at the tree once more, respectfully. Then --
1) 5) dialog: Alright, let’s chop and load! EXT. ESTATE (ALABAMA) /WALTER’S TRUCK - LATER Walter chains down a load of logs in the back of his WORK TRUCK, parked beside his personal LOWRIDER TRUCK. He hops off the back, looks at his employee.
1) 6) dialog: Meet you at the yard. (CONTINUED)
1) 9) dialog: Okay, Mr. Abney! Gimme a call if you need anything else cleared out! Mr. Abney gives him a nod, nothing more. But Walter doesn’t let this damper his mood. EXT./INT. COUNTRY ROAD (ALABAMA) /WALTER’S TRUCK -
2) 0) text: He notices something up ahead, slows to a stop to see -- SEVEN POLICE CARS block the road with 14 OFFICERS, guns drawn and aimed at him. He TURNS down the MUSIC. Fear ripples through him as -- SHERIFF TATE (late 30s, white) approaches the truck, unsettling ease in his step. Walter shows both hands as Tate reaches the window.
2) 1) dialog: Afternoon, sir, need to see my license?
2) 6) dialog: Oh, they ain’t much. Got ‘em from a junkyard.
2) 8) dialog: Run my own pulpin’ business. (tries to keep it light) If y’all need any trees cleared, happy to help you out. Walter smiles, but it’s like Tate didn’t even hear him.
2) 10) dialog: (beat; forces laugh) Not if my wife got somethin’ to say ‘bout it.
2) 13) dialog: Sir, y’all must be confusin’ me with someone. I don’t know what you think I done, but I was jus’ -- Tate abruptly throws open the door, grabs him by the neck, violently pulls him outside and SLAMS him on the hood. CAMERA PIVOTS, PUSHING IN ON his confusion and pain, framed by metal and sky as we --
19) 0) text: A GUARD ushers in Walter McMillian, tired and worn from the last year and a half in prison. Bryan stands, feels Walter’s eyes on him as the guard leaves. Walter’s face betrays no judgement.
19) 1) dialog: Where’s the lawyer?
19) 5) dialog: (shakes his head) You look young as my son. Walter takes a seat, exhausted, drained of hope. Bryan can sense it as Walter speaks without looking at him.
19) 6) dialog: My last lawyer sat right where you sittin’ and told me everything’s gonna be okay. Then I was sentenced to death, my family run out of money, and he gone. (looks at him) What you gone do different? Bryan scrambles, looks at the open file.
19) 8) dialog: We already did that and it was denied. Bryan finds his footing, his schooling kicks in.
19) 10) dialog: You ain’t got no idea what you gettin’ into here. (off his silence) You think them big words is gonna get you somewhere in Alabama? These guys is gonna eat you up and spit you out like they done every other black man ever stepped outta line. Nobody here likes a nigger in a suit, unless it’s one of these. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
19) 13) dialog: (pinches his jumpsuit) ‘Cause soon as you start your own business, and that business makes some money, or you make friends with people they don’t want you makin’ friends with, they gone find a way to take you down.
19) 15) dialog: No, you don’t. Rich boy from Harvard don’t know how we live here, where you guilty from the moment you born. You can smile and make them like you all you want, yes, sir, yes, ma’am, but when it’s your turn, it don’t matter they ain’t got no fingerprints, no evidence, that their only witness made the whole thing up. None of that matter when all y'all thinkin’ is he look like a man that could kill somebody.
19) 17) dialog: Maybe not. Maybe you and the one brother they let on my jury is just relieved this ain’t you. (intense beat) You know how many people been freed from Alabama death row? Bryan knows the answer, but can’t bring himself to say it. Walter says it for him.
19) 18) dialog: None... Things is the way they is here, and you sure as hell ain’t gonna be the one to change that. Walter lets that sink in, then shakes his head as he stands -- (CONTINUED)
19) 21) dialog: I ain’t doin’ this shit again.
19) 23) dialog: (bangs on the window)
19) 34) dialog: What’s up, Herb?!
19) 36) dialog: Ray! In the next cell, ANTHONY “RAY” HINTON (20s, black) lies on his bed with his eyes closed.
19) 38) dialog: Where you at?
19) 41) dialog: I think he’s a kid makin’ a lot of promises he can’t keep. He in way over his damn head.
19) 48) dialog: Didn't know you thought of me like that, Ray.
20) 0) text: Bryan sits on the ground in the living room, illuminated by a single lamp. The couch made up for a bed. Spread out in front of him are 4 VOLUMES of transcripts and a folder full of records from Walter McMillian’s case. INSERT CLOSEUP DOCUMENT 1 -- “Walter ‘Johnny D’ McMillian case no. #####.” INSERT CLOSEUP DOCUMENT 2 -- “Ralph Myers -- quote from testimony...” (CONTINUED)
30) 0) text: Bryan runs along the river, still processing his time with Walter’s family.
31) 0) text: Bryan stands, hoping he can get Walter to engage this time, waiting as the guard UNLOCKS Walter’s cuffs and leaves the room. Walter looks at Bryan.
31) 2) dialog: You met my family.
31) 4) dialog: You drove down that long dirt road, crammed into my little house with all my people, and told ‘em you was gonna fight for me. (off Bryan’s stare) That means a lot. Bryan nods. Walter hesitates, still reluctant to fully engage. But Bryan can sense him softening. A beat before --
32) 0) text: Bryan sits across from Walter, fixes his glasses as he tries to read Darnell’s statement. He slides the paper back. (CONTINUED)
32) 3) dialog: (embarrassed) I ain’t so good with them big words. 47. 46 Bryan didn’t realize he couldn’t read. He summarizes for him.
32) 5) dialog: That’s good, right?
32) 7) dialog: Minnie said she told you what I did... ain’t no excuse for cheatin’ on a woman like her. I don’t know why she’s still standin’ by me after what I put her through.
32) 9) dialog: Man, you met my whole family and I still don’t know nothin’ about you. (CONTINUED)
32) 13) dialog: Why you doin’ this?
32) 15) dialog: Why you a lawyer in Alabama, workin’ for people who can’t pay you nothin’? (CONTINUED)
32) 19) dialog: That’s a pretty good answer.
32) 21) dialog: What’s someone like you do for fun?
32) 23) dialog: Well, if you gonna be workin’ for me, you gotta make time to clear that head, or you’ll end up crazy as a betsy bug, man.
32) 27) dialog: It’s a crazy-ass bug that you don’t wanna be. Ugly suckers, look like a turd with horns.
32) 29) dialog: Okay.
32) 31) dialog: Let’s get to work, piano man. You're hired. OFF Bryan’s growing smile -- INT. WALTER’S CELL - LATER 47 Walter sits on his bed. He opens the envelope Bryan gave him to find -- a handful of OLD FAMILY PHOTOS -- Minnie, Walter, and the children, happy together. He looks at a photo of him and John together, big smiles, father and son, about to move on when --
32) 36) dialog: Giving him a try.
32) 40) dialog: (beat; considers) I hope so.
32) 43) dialog: (concerned) You okay, man?
32) 45) dialog: It’s gonna be okay, man. It ain’t over yet.
32) 53) dialog: That don’t give nobody the right to kill you back. Silence. Walter knows there is no way to make this better. EXT. EVA’S HOUSE - NIGHT (ESTABLISHING) A48
41) 0) text: Bryan and Doug carry the desk in, Chris holding the door open for them, as Eva stops sweeping to direct them. JUST MERCY - Rev. 4/25/19 (Tan Add'l Photog) 57. INT. EJI - BRYAN’S DESK - A NEW DAY INSERT: Bit stack of client files on Bryan’s desk, see the names “Walter McMillian,” “Herbert Lee Richardson,” “Jesse Moore,” “Charlie Coleman,” “Norris Thomas,” “Vivian Clark” (the point is to make it clear there are many cases being juggled). INSERT: Bryan pulls off Herbert Lee Richardson's file (and a photo clipped to it) and opens it... REVEAL Herbert’s name here. TIGHT ON: Bryan at his desk on the phone, passionate despite the obvious burden of the Goliath task at hand.
55) 0) text: Bryan sits across from Walter, has just broken the news of their recent defeat.
55) 1) dialog: Even if they drop the charges, they know Darnell ain’t gonna testify after what they done.
55) 3) dialog: (shakes his head) They’1l just block that, too... (MORE) (CONTINUED)
55) 6) dialog: If they can put me on the row for a year without a trial, they can do whatever the hell they want. Bryan's clearly shocked by this statement. A beat before --
55) 8) dialog: The Sheriff drove me hisself. Said I was gettin’ a taste of what’s comin’ if I don’t confess.
55) 10) dialog: (beat; shrugs) I don’t know, man, I can’t keep track. They been doin’ shit like this to us as long as I can remember. Bryan silent. Walter takes a sobered beat before continuing.
55) 11) dialog: When I was twelve years old, they lynched a man in our county named Russell Charley. He was a friend of my parents, had two boys around my age. I remember hearin’ my dad tell my mom how they found him hangin’ from a tree in the woods, body full of bullet holes. Police ain’t even bother to look into it. (beat) After something like that everybody on alert. Be invisible, that’s what my mamma used to say. If they can’t see you, they can’t get you. (off Bryan’s look) They good at makin’ us scared. That’s how they keep us down. Ain’t no different to what they doin’ to you out there, or to us in here. They just took us from the tree to the chair. (CONTINUED)
55) 14) dialog: They comin’ after you out there, huh?
55) 16) dialog: Well, maybe you should think about training up another lawyer or somethin’, ‘cause I’m still gonna need help if they take you out. Bryan looks up, sees his growing smile, throws it back --
55) 18) dialog: Hell no, man, you on your own! I got enough to worry about over here. The two men share a LAUGH. Once they settle, Walter brings them back to reality --
55) 19) dialog: So, if we don’t got Darnell, what’s the next move? Bryan thinks a beat, the answer is a controversial one.
55) 21) dialog: Maybe you should stick with your head ‘cause that’s a terrible idea. (CONTINUED)
55) 27) dialog: You ain’t gonna get nothin’ but lies off him.
66) 0) text: Walter stands at his cell door, knows what’s on his friend’s mind. A beat before --
66) 1) dialog: Herbert! You okay over there? Herbert doesn’t respond, fighting back tears. A beat before --
66) 2) dialog: You gotta get your mind off tomorrow, man, it ain’t over. Bryan's workin’ it out right now. The court always waits till the last minute. They gonna give you that stay. Herbert's mind is elsewhere. He rocks back and forth. Shakes his head, begins to HYPERVENTILATE. It’s unclear whether he’s talking to himself or to Walter.
66) 4) dialog: (knowing) Don’t go there, Herb.
66) 6) dialog: I know.
66) 8) dialog: The war made you sick, Herb. You’re still sick.
66) 12) dialog: Come on, Herb. You gotta slow your mind down. Remember what we practiced... Slow breaths. Herbert finally listens, leans his head back, body tight with rigid agony until -- he manages a single DEEP BREATH So loud Walter can hear it. He nods. Closes his eyes.
66) 13) dialog: That’s good. Now close your eyes, get away from all this. No more walls, no more guards, no more wars to fight, just you, out in the open, fresh air on your face... SLOW PUSH ON Walter as he remembers --
66) 15) dialog: Look at them pine trees that been growin’ since way before we was born, and gonna keep on growin’ way after we gone. They been through all the same shit we been through and more, but they still dancing in the breeze. INT. WALTER’S CELL/HERBERT’S CELL - CONTINUOUS ACTION 86 (REALITY)
66) 16) text: Walter's eyes are still closed. Quiet.
66) 17) dialog: You see ‘em? Herbert’s eyes quiver beneath his closed lids. He’s calm.
66) 19) dialog: Don't think about nothin’ else, just stay right there. It’s gonna be okay, brother. (CONTINUED)
72) 0) text: Walter looks at Herbert through the small opening in the center of his door, can see how scared he is --
72) 1) dialog: When it get too much, you take them deep breaths and let your mind go.
72) 3) dialog: You not alone, brother. We all with you. (to Anthony’s cell) Ain’t that right, Anthony?! Anthony stands at his cell door, watching, listening --
77) 0) text: “Old Rugged Cross” echoes through the empty hallway as -- The cell door opens. Herbert steps out, handcuffed, led by the WARDEN, followed by Jeremy, the older guard, and the PRIEST. They begin the long walk to the chamber. INT. DEATH ROW WALKWAY/WALTER’S CELL - CONTINUOUS ACTION “Old Rugged Cross” continues. EVERY DEATH ROW PRISONER stands at the bars of their cells, all SILENT, WAITING SHADOWS. INSIDE HIS CELL -- Anthony lies in bed, arm over his face. INSIDE HIS CELL -- Walter sits on the floor, waiting.
80) 0) text: -- IN WALTER’S CELL -- Walter walks to his door. Begins to BANG his cup against the bars, increasing in speed and intensity as --
82) 0) text: The BANGING PEAKS. Walter takes a BREATH -- (CONTINUED)
82) 3) dialog: 
84) 0) text: Herbert listens to the sound of his friends CLANGING and SCREAMING through the walls. He remembers Walter's advice, closes his eyes, slows his BREATH, lets the VOICES wash over him. Everything slows as -- Jeremy grabs a yellow sign that says “READY,” holds it up to a circular window that looks into the generator room. We FOLLOW him as he leaves the room, shuts the door, walks DOWN the hall, and TAPS on the door with a large key.
87) 0) text: Bryan can barely watch, the ghostly IMAGE of Herbert’s pulsing body reflected dimly in the glass as -- INT. WALTER’S CELL - NIGHT 109 Walter stops clanging his cup, staring in Herbert's direction, feeling the loss of his friend. EXT./INT. HOLMAN PARKING LOT/BRYAN’S CIVIC - NIGHT 110 Eva sits on the hood of her car, numbing her stress with a cigarette. A few GUARDS and REPORTERS walk to their cars. Eva finishes her smoke as, across the parking lot, Bryan slowly approaches. She can clearly see his shock and pain from what he just witnessed. A long beat, then --
88) 0) text: Bryan sits alone at his desk, back to doing the one thing he knows -- disappearing into his work, poring over transcripts and files from Walter’s case. INSERT PAPERWORK -- Walter’s mug shot (OR A PHOTO FROM HIS FAMILY PHOTOS), or paper that says Walter McMillian (something that makes it clear he’s looking at Walter’s case.) (CONTINUED)
92) 0) text: Walter exits the holding cell in leg irons and a waist chain, guided by Jeremy and ANOTHER GUARD.
93) 0) text: FOLLOW Walter, Jeremy, and the other guard down a hallway. (CONTINUED)
94) 0) text: Everyone turns to Walter as he tries to stand tall, keep his dignity, but fear is evident in his eyes. The place is PACKED WITH PEOPLE (WHITE and BLACK). At the front, Tommy and his assistant attorney sit at the prosecution table, Sheriff Tate in the seat behind them. Bryan's at the defense table, nervously checking his note Walter’s eyes land on Minnie in the first row. Eva and Brenda sit beside her, John and Jackie on her other side. Behind them, all of Walter’s FRIENDS AND FAMILY, giving him strength with their nods and smiles. Walter shares a look with Minnie laced with love and pain. Then he nods to John, who sits up tall, trying to be strong. He reaches the defense table. As Jeremy unlocks Walter’s cuffs, Bryan exchanges a reassuring look with him, though it’s impossible for either man to hide his nerves.
103) 0) text: Walter sits in the transport van, Bryan stands outside the open side door, processing what they just went through.
103) 1) dialog: I didn’t think he was gonna go through with it.
103) 3) dialog: Man. I can’t even tell you how I feel right now. (looks to Bryan) Thank you. As Bryan nods, Walter notices his family gathering twenty yards away, Minnie, John, Jackie, Evelyn. He waves to them. Jeremy, standing guard nearby, addresses Walter’s family. (CONTINUED)
103) 8) dialog: Thank you. Bryan gives Walter space with his family, approaches Eva and Brenda, waiting for him.
105) 0) text: EVERYONE is seated. Walter beside Bryan, nervous. Eva and Brenda are with Walter's family behind them. John is too nervous to look, lowers his head, arms on his knees. Minnie tenderly rubs his back with her hand. Tommy sits with his assistant, Tate behind them. Judge Foster, sitting at the bench, continues reading his decision --
105) 10) dialog: (firm) Listen to the judge, son. Minnie pulls on John’s arm to sit, but he pulls away, the situation quickly escalating. (CONTINUED)
105) 15) dialog: That’s enough, Johnny. Bryan sees the Judge nod to TWO OFFICERS. John doesn’t stop.
105) 18) dialog: Shut your mouth and sit down, boy! John looks right at his dad, shakes his head, so broken it’s the only thing he can do as -- OFFICER #1 grabs his arm, pulls him ROUGHLY into the aisle. John YANKS his arm away, enough resistance to make OFFICER #2 grab him and THROW him to the floor.
105) 19) dialog: HEY! Get your damn hands off my son! Walter tries to stand, but is held back by Jeremy. Bryan wants to jump in and help, but is blocked by the Guard standing like a wall right in front of him. Officer #1 has his knee on John’s back, violently pulling his arms back to cuff him.
106) 0) text: As Bryan walks to his car, he looks across the lot to see Minnie and Evelyn, embracing Jackie as she sobs. The sight hits him to his core. INT. WALTER’S HOUSE - KITCHEN —- AFTERNOON A130 Minnie sits down at the kitchen table, stirring instant coffee into a mug of hot water. She sets the mug on the table, doesn’t take a sip, haunted by the empty chairs that were once filled with those she loves. For a moment, she lets down her guard, lets the pain and frustration bubble to the surface of her skin. In this moment, she isn’t the solid rock of her family, she is a hurting, angry, devastated human being. Then, after she lets it out, she composes herself, wipes her tears, and takes a sip of her coffee.
107) 0) text: Jeremy and a SECOND HOLMAN GUARD walk Walter to his cell. As the door SLIDES open, his body goes stiff. The second guard UNLOCKS his cuffs. Walter hesitates. They try to usher him in, but he stands strong. Shakes his head. They push against him as he grabs the door, refuses to go back in.
107) 6) dialog: 
109) 0) text: A small, empty cell. No bed, no window. Walter sits, back against the wall. He stares ahead. Lost. Then -- The slot in the door SLIDES open. Walter looks up to see Jeremy looking at him through the small window. A beat before -- he slides something through the slot. Jeremy gives him a nod and walks away. Walter hesitates, then stands, walks to the door, and reaches into the slot to find -- The family photos Minnie gave him long ago, faded with age. 135 136 137 138 JUST MERCY - Rev. 4/25/19 (Tan Add'l Photog) 113.
110) 0) text: Walter sits on the floor again, flipping through the photos one-by-one until -- He reaches the picture of himself with John. Suddenly, his anger fades, replaced by tears fighting to break free. He turns the photo over to see in his wife's handwriting -- “This is you. Love, Minnie.” Walter stares at the words for a long beat, wondering if he will ever be able to believe them again. INT. BRYAN’S RENTAL - NIGHT 136 Bryan lies in bed, wide awake, his brain spinning out. He looks at the clock -- 2:23 AM. No point trying to sleep. He sits up, might as well get some work done -- INT. BRYAN'S RENTAL —- MOMENTS LATER 137 Bryan sits at a small table, covered in papers and files. He tries to work, but he can’t get his mind off the frustration of Walter’s case. He rests his foot on the table, leans back, covers his face, draws a long, frustrated BREATH. Then BOOM! He suddenly KICKS the table, a brief but shocking burst of anger, spraying a few stacks of files to the floor. He sits there another beat, still, broken, silent. Then, he stands and starts to methodically clean the mess up.
116) 0) text: CLOSE AND INTIMATE: Bryan sits across from Walter in the spot they first met, still fighting his guilt. Both men sit in silence. Bryan looks at him with regret.
116) 2) dialog: The day they arrested me, I thought I was gonna be okay. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
116) 5) dialog: ‘Cause I had the truth. Soon as they talk to everybody that was with me, they gonna have to let me go. (beat) But then the police keep callin’ you a killer. Some white dude says he saw you do it. News people sayin’ you did it. Judge and jury sayin’ you did it. And now you on the row two, three, four years, your friends and kids ain’t callin’ as much as they used to. After a while, you start to wonder what they think of you, you start to wonder what you think of you. The truth ain’t so clear no more. (beat; remembering) But the last few days, I can’t stop thinkin’ ‘bout Myers sittin’ up there, tellin’ everybody how it really went down. (beat) That’s the first time I feel like myself since they locked me up. First time I remembered who I is. (beat) These fools gone do what they gone do, but if they take me to that chair tonight, I’m a go out smilin’. ‘Cause I got my truth back. You gave me that. You gave it to my family. And nobody can take that from us again. 118. 142 Bryan takes this in, releasing the guilt he’s been carrying. Walter cocks his head, playful --
116) 6) dialog: You ain’t quittin’, right?
116) 8) dialog: Then you ain’t got nothin’ to be sorry for. Bryan looks at him, deeply moved. (CONTINUED)
118) 5) dialog: (on TV) No, sir, I didn’t see Ronda Morrison a day in my life. God knows I ain’t.
118) 7) dialog: (on TV) At my house.
118) 9) dialog: (on TV) No, sir. Never went to Monroeville period. ON TV: Walter walks down the death row walkway, toward his cell.
132) 0) text: Bryan sits across from Walter.
132) 2) dialog: And what happens when they say no?
132) 6) dialog: Been in here six years. And they gonna make us start this all over?
132) 9) dialog: You ever think about dying?
132) 11) dialog: That’s all everybody in here talk about. What they gonna do before they executed, what they gonna eat for their last meal, who they givin’ their stuff to. I always try to stay away from talk like that, try to stay positive. But the longer this goes, the harder it is to stop my mind from goin’ there.
132) 13) dialog: I know. (long beat) I’m just tired. (CONTINUED)
134) 0) text: Bryan, Eva, and Brenda walk down the hall, exchanging concerned looks as they see a large group of PEOPLE in front of the courtroom doors. All of them are black. Walter’s FRIENDS and FAMILY. Bryan exchanges a concerned look with Eva as he finds Evelyn, Minnie, John, and the rest of Walter’s family.
136) 0) text: Walter steps out of his cell in a black suit, duffle bag on his shoulder as a HUNDRED MEN YELL, WHISTLE, and BANG their metal cups on the bars, letting him know he’s not alone. Jeremy and a guard walk behind Walter, letting him lead for once as he walks to --
137) 0) text: Anthony stands at his door, sad to see Walter go, but proud for his friend. He sticks his hand through the slot, fighting back tears as he shakes Walter’s hand.
137) 2) dialog: (points to a house) Benny got a new truck. Bryan glances at him, moved by his childlike wonder. (CONTINUED)
137) 5) dialog: Spent so much time thinkin’ ‘bout dying in there, never thought about what I’d do if I got out. Walter watches all his friends cooking and laughing. Minnie waves for him to hurry up. He waves back.
137) 6) dialog: Those six years wasn’t all they took from me... They took a lot more than that. (beat) Not sure how I’m gonna do this.
137) 8) dialog: Let’s go eat everything on that grill before the kids get to it.
137) 10) dialog: (pre-lap) I heard some people say that me gettin’ out shows that this system is workin’.
138) 0) text: Walter sits at a table with Bryan, addressing the 20 SENATORS seated in a semi-circle in front of him. Behind them, a room full of REPORTERS and COMMUNITY LEADERS. Walter continues -- (CONTINUED)
138) 3) dialog: But if pullin’ a innocent man from his family and lockin’ him ina cell for 6 years is what you call workin’, we got a different understandin’ of the word. I still can’t sleep past 3 A.M., ‘cause that’s when the guards woke us up for breakfast. Everywhere I go, I make sure somebody knows where I am and what I’m doing. When I go to the store, I make the cashier sign my receipt, so if somebody tells me six months later I was doing a murder on the other side of town, I can show ‘em proof of where I was. (emotional beat) I saw seven men killed while I was in there. Some of them was my closest friends. I know they ain’t all innocent. But they still people. And... Walter’s emotions overtake him, thinking about Herbert and Anthony and all those he left behind, the pieces of himself he will never get back. Bryan pats his shoulder, can see he can’t go on, so he takes over for him. Leans into the mic, addressing the Senators.
138) 8) dialog: I taught you all that? (off Bryan’s nod) That’s pretty good. LAUGHS along with a handful of the Senators as --