3) 0) text: The great lawn infested with workmen, planting stakes, un rolling a huge canvas tent, gardeners fashioning topiary adding landscaping of their own, crews setting up platfor speakers, lights.  Ubiquitous is ALLISON, 35, Parrish's older daughter, foremen competing for her attention and s relishing every moment. A Painter approaches.
3) 2) dialog: Paint is rust and moss green. Medieval colors -- Daddy's like an old knight. A Florist stops her.
3) 4) dialog: What about it?
3) 6) dialog: Freesia, freesia, everywhere.  Daddy loves freesia -- and you, over there, lights.  Not too bright.  I'm looking for a saffron glow -- sort of tea- dance twenties.
4) 5) text: What? Parrish grins, continues on, is intercepted by Allison wh on catching sight of him, bounces in from the terrace.
4) 6) dialog: Daddy!
4) 8) dialog: Have you got a minute?
4) 10) dialog: Fireworks.  Update -- we're con- structing the number '65' on the barge, archers from the State College at New Paltz will shoot flaming arrows at it, when it catches fire it will give us the effect of a Viking funeral with none of the morbidity... The Hudson River Authority says, for you, they'll make a special dispensation - of course there'll be an overtime bill for the Poughkeepsie Fire Dept...
4) 12) dialog: But it's your birthday. Parrish smiles complaisantly, they continue on into a bre fast room where SUSAN, 30, Parrish's younger daughter, is grazing at a table laden with cereals and fruits and coff
4) 15) dialog: (to Susan)
4) 16) text: I'm Allison, you're 'honey'.
4) 22) dialog: You've got patients waiting, I've got three hysterical chefs, one loves truffles, the other hates truffles, the third one doesn't know what truffles are.  I'd better drive down. Parrish gazes at the going-on outside which are increasin in intensity.
4) 25) dialog: Calm down, Daddy, you'll see, you're going to love it.
4) 27) dialog: No. Allison goes, Susan observes Parrish fidgeting.
5) 0) text: A BUTLER and May carry the overnight bags for the family led by Parrish, they hurry towards the helicopter.  En ro they pass QUINCE, 38, Allison's husband, who is perched a portable bar with AMBROSE, the head caterer, tasting wine
5) 9) dialog: Quince!  Everybody's waiting! Quince downs this glass too, runs for the helicopter as DREW, 34, a young man going places, emerges from it, approaches Parrish and Susan.
5) 29) dialog: (to Quince)
5) 32) dialog: Remember everybody, tonight, dinner in the city at Daddy's.  You too, Drew.  We've still got some loose ends --
19) 0) text: A beautiful space adjacent to the dining room, it has a glass roof which offers a superb view of the Manhattan sk line.  The hour is before dinner: gathered on one side of the room are Allison and Parrish, on the other side Drew Quince.  COYLE, a butler, and LUISA, the housekeeper, pas hors d'oeuvres and drinks.
19) 1) dialog: ...Music, I know how you love music, Daddy, and I want to have music that pleases you -- and of course doesn't put a thousand other people to sleep -- I've agonized over this and finally settled on Sidney Brown, twenty-four men, very eclectic, plus I'm feathering in a Latin sextet on their breaks - Tito Puente, Trini Lopez-zy, I forget their names -- Parrish has tuned Allison out, he tried to stay with it, his mind has wandered, the event of the day too much with him. ALLISON (cont'd)
19) 2) text: You haven't heard a word, have you? I keep talking and all you do is nod like Mr. Himmelfass in The Nutcracker. Parrish still doesn't answer. ALLISON (cont'd)
19) 5) dialog: I lay awake nights in a cold sweat, I want this party to be like some- thing Mom would have made for you, I want it to be perfect --
19) 8) dialog: And you could care less --
19) 10) dialog: Good.  Songs.  What songs should Sidney -- Pancho and his six men we can forget about -- what songs do you think he should play? A stab of pain, Parrish discreetly grabs his upper arm bu manages to keep his attention on Allison.
19) 13) text: Did you miss me? Parrish reacts once more, aware again he is the only one has heard the Voice, as an oblivious Allison continues:
19) 14) dialog: (to Parrish)
19) 17) dialog: (to Quince and Drew, across the room)
19) 18) text: Chow-time, you guys. Parrish is confounded.  Blindly and disconcerted, he foll Allison and Drew and Quince.
20) 4) dialog: (to Drew)
20) 7) dialog: His wife?
20) 13) dialog: (to Quince)
20) 17) dialog: Please don't be negative, Drew, we have an acceptance list that would do The White House proud -- The Secretary-General of the UN, the Chairman of the FCC, nine Senators, I don't know how many Congressmen, and at least twelve of the Fortune '500'.
20) 22) text: Show him into the library, tell him I'll be right there. Parrish, spinning with anxiety, tries to summon up his co to go as Allison continues:
20) 23) dialog: I've arranged for favors -- silver charm bracelets for the women, platinum keychains for the men -- all engraved 'W.P.' -- but now I'm thinking of scrubbing them, they seem so ordinary. Finally Parrish rises from the table, starts out. ALLISON (cont'd)
23) 0) text: As Parrish and the Young Man enter, Allison is heard in t background.
23) 1) dialog: ...Well, here's another possibility. It's a little last minute, but how does this strike you?  Kaleidoscopes. Little gold kaleidoscopes.  Some German firm went kerplunkt, Tiffany's picked these things up, they're perfect party favors, however they're not personal, they're winter scene or something, snow-flakes and dachshunds... Parrish and the Young Man appear at the table, an awkward pause ensues, the unannounced guest's presence at a famil dinner being noted, and the guest himself carefully surve ed.  Finally, Allison breaks the ice: ALLISON (cont'd) (to the Young Man)
23) 5) dialog: (to the Young Man)
23) 10) dialog: (prompting)
23) 16) dialog: Daddy!  Come on, a name.
23) 22) dialog: Joe... Parrish once more drifts into silence.  (The YOUNG MAN is identified as "JOE".)
23) 24) dialog: Love that name.
23) 33) dialog: Whew, at last.  Nice to meet you, Mr. Black.
23) 40) dialog: (to Joe)
23) 43) dialog: Honey --!
23) 66) dialog: You ate?
23) 78) dialog: And isn't it a lovely one?  So sturdy, so straight -- Joe has heard Susan's question but, as he studies her, doesn't answer.
23) 90) dialog: Now, I'm getting interested.  I want to know more ---
23) 102) text: Susan. (to Allison)
23) 103) text: Allison. (to Quince)
23) 111) dialog: He's cute.
41) 0) text: The skyline glitters through the terrace windows.  The ho is before dinner, Coyle and Luisa weave seamlessly among family, offering hors d'oeuvres and drinks on a tray. Allison and Susan together by a piano; Parrish, Quince an distracted Joe are gathered near the terrace.  Joe's eyes are on Susan across the room.  Her eyes flicker towards h aware of his gaze.
41) 1) dialog: (to Susan)
41) 4) dialog: ...I don't know, Daddy seems funny to me.  Ever since Joe showed.  It's like he dropped from the clouds... Drew enters.  He nuzzles Susan's neck, out of the corner her eye she sees Joe still observing them. ALLISON (cont'd)
41) 7) text: Good question. Allison sees Susan's eyes flicker over towards Joe.
41) 8) dialog: -- But he does seem very nice.
41) 23) dialog: (to Parrish)
41) 26) dialog: From the Korean War.
41) 28) dialog: Whatever it was, they'll be here. We sent out invitations to everyone, plane tickets included -- the RSVP's are amazing.  A few of them we didn't hear from, and some of them are dead, of course --
41) 30) dialog: (a moment)
41) 33) dialog: (resignedly)
41) 67) dialog: Dinner's ready, everybody! A BUZZ as Coyle opens the doors to the dining room and th family files in, Drew lingering behind with Joe.
42) 0) text: Everyone eating silently but looks are exchanged, glances averted, Allison notices Susan and Joe looking at each other, Drew observes Parrish watching Joe, Quince, on the other hand, just eats. Breaking the silence, Parrish chinks his glass, stands.
42) 2) text: -- Allison and Quince, Susan -- and the other members -- He glances at Joe, stops. PARRISH (cont'd)
42) 5) dialog: (a laugh)
42) 15) dialog: (tentatively)
42) 20) dialog: Dinner?  Again?
42) 23) text: No. The word lands with effect, Susan and Allison have heard well.
42) 26) dialog: With bells on. The guests try to return to their food, Susan is the most concerned about Parrish's lapse, she does not say anythin but Drew next to her senses her empathy and, in something a display, gives her a pro forma hug.  Joe has observed every instant of Drew's performance, his anxiety is palpa when Coyle leans over to serve him, offering a tray of a roast that has been carved.
42) 56) dialog: Did he?  That's more than we get to do.
46) 0) text: Parrish, Joe, Susan, Allison and Quince are seated at the table, dessert plates in front of them, coffee cups besid Allison and Susan's eyes are on Parrish, looking for some clue as to why has he gathered the family together yet again.  Parrish is somewhat within himself, but he peeks over his demi-tasse cup at Joe, Parrish aware of Joe's heightened interest in Susan, and Susan's reciprocation. Coyle enters carrying two imposing stemmed silver trays w cakes on them, Luisa follows with one other.  They set th down in front of Parrish.
46) 2) dialog: Annie made them.
46) 4) dialog: From La Rosette, only the greatest pastry chef in America. (pointing)
46) 7) dialog: It's for the party, Dad --
46) 9) dialog: 'Goddam party'! Allison bursts into tears. ALLISON (cont'd) (to Quince)
46) 15) dialog: I knew you were going to say that. Tito Puente.  The old platoon.  Now the cake.  You just don't care.  Why did I do this?  I should have my head examined.  I'm trying to throw the party for the century for my father - and you know what -- he doesn't give a shit. She bursts into tears all over again.
46) 20) dialog: Yeah, but --
46) 22) dialog: What will I tell Annie? Parrish forks a bit of a cake.
47) 0) text: After dinner, Parrish, Allison and Susan are gathered to- gether.  At the bar on the other side of the room, Joe watches as Quince pours himself a stiff hooker of brandy.
47) 76) text: Hello.  Would you like to join me, Quince and Allison for a nightcap?
62) 0) text: Allison is everywhere, Parrish emerges from his wing, she catches his eye immediately, the calm director of a DeMil like epic, politely giving workers instructions, making lightning decisions. Parrish turns his attention now to an ice-filled fountain encircling two giant topiary letters written in faux- Cyrillic, a 'B' and a 'P', as rubber-booted delivery men carefully arrange giant ice chests of caviar under each letter.  A smile creases Parrish's face as, in an unexpec lull, Allison backs into him at the fountain.
62) 1) dialog: Hi, Daddy, what do you think?
62) 3) dialog: The fountain is the Caspian Sea and the Sea is serving up caviar.  The 'B's for Beluga, the 'P' for Petrossian.  Of course, they also stand for 'Bill' and for 'Parrish'.
62) 5) dialog: -- Plus we've got a baritone with a balalaika coming from The Russian Tea Room.  I've dressed him in a Cossack shirt and he'll sing Nelson Eddy songs. Parrish shakes his head.
62) 7) dialog: I do it because I love you.  Because everybody I loved you.  Mommy -- wher- ever she is -- Susan, Quince, the people who work for you, everybody who's ever known you.
62) 9) dialog: They respect you.  Isn't that a kind of love? Unexpectedly, Allison brushes a lock away from Parrish's forehead, with a flick she has rearranged his hair, he blinks, a little embarrassed, but having liked it. ALLISON (cont'd)
62) 12) dialog: That you've been to Susan?
62) 14) dialog: But that's what you were thinking. And that's okay.  Because I know you love me.  Not like it is with Susan, the way your eyes light up when she comes in the room and the way she always gets a laugh out of you, as opposed to me when I walk in a room and that look comes over your face, "What does she want now?" A weather-beaten military parade ground pennant passes, 2 Infantry Regiment  "C" (Charlie) Company. ALLISON (cont'd)
62) 19) dialog: (gently)
62) 20) text: Yes, it is. Allison wades into the maelstrom now, Parrish watches her go, swarms of purveyors and caterers following her.
66) 27) dialog: There you are! Allison appears. ALLISON (cont'd)
66) 30) text: Can it wait? But before he can answer -- ALLISON (cont'd)
71) 60) dialog: Daddy!  We've been looking all over for you - this is your party - what are you doing in here?  Never mind. You're on.  Let's go. She pulls him out of his chair, hustles him out of the ro Joe right behind them.
72) 0) text: The guests have formed themselves into a huge audience, t orchestra strikes up "Happy Birthday" as Parrish appears with Allison.  An enormous cake is unveiled with one grea lit candle, Parrish beams then laughs.  He pauses over th cake, now blows the candle out.  APPLAUSE, cries of "Spee Speech!", Parrish tries to demur but the request becomes loud and rhythmic, he holds up his hand, nods, quiets the crowd.  Joe observes from the fringe.
72) 5) text: Sixty-five years - don't they go by in a blink? Parrish hesitates, waves and steps away, APPLAUSE that gr into CHEERS, the music resumes, another dance tune.  Quin grabs him, pumps his hand and claps him on the back.  Now Parrish spots Allison, he wraps her in a tight embrace, t hold each other close for a moment, but then are separate by a surge of guests.  Parrish sees Susan, she smiles but there is a tinge of sadness about her.  He heads towards they are somehow situated as if they were alone in this c