14) 0) text: It's the largest space in this boat, two stories high. Ta of the space are two HARVESTERS, big rusty hovering thres the size of winnebagos. As Elgyn enters, we CRANE UP to reveal ANNALEE-CALL worki them. She's young, tough -- at home with this  motley bunch des and prettiness.
14) 3) dialog: What?
14) 5) dialog: I checked 'em an hour ago.
14) 7) dialog: Trust me, boss. ELGYN (laughs) Not my style. He leans down, looks under the thresher.  Lying on a gurn dolly, working under the machine, is VRIESS, chie mechani forties, in pretty good shape considering he's got no leg
14) 28) dialog: Vriess. Forget it. He's been sucking down too much homebr
14) 31) dialog: 1 hate machines.
16) 0) text: The ship moves slowly along the huge dock to land gently The top of  the ship is nearly level with a grated platfo the length of the bay. Three soldiers in full armour stand rigid on the platform atop the ship slowly  opens. One by one the crew files ou en masse, we get a clearer view of  what separates them f Environment.  They're not wearing uniforms.  They're an fiercely indivualist group, their look varied -- spots of showing  through militarian space gear.  Johner's bright bowling shirt.  Elgy's and St Just's floorlength leather Vriess's chair stands out as he wheels down the platform. What they have in common is the toughness, the wary eyes, skin.  The cool readiness to kill.  These guys are smuggl while ago, you'd have called them pirates All eight of them emerge, one by one, looking around them past the silent, uniformed soldiers.  The last one sudden on Johner's jacket, stops him. There is a bulge under it.  A green sensor light on the b soldier's glove turns  red when he touches the bulge.
16) 8) dialog: I don't like army.
18) 24) dialog: That's it. I'm out. I'm fucked. She throws down her cards, takes a swig of Johner's paten It tastes horrible.
18) 30) dialog: Deal me out. It's not my night. She tries to stand up, takes a spill over her chair.  The
18) 31) dialog: Jesus, Johner, what do you put in that shit, battery acid
19) 0) text: The cell door opens silently.  Call hesitates a moment, t shutting the door behind her. Ripley is sleeping, still in the squatting position in th the room.  Call approaches. She stares down at Ripley a moment.  A shadow passes as a above them, Call tenses till he is gone.  Look's back down at Ripley sleeping. Call extends her hand, flexes her wrist.  The meanest loo you've ever seen extends from out her sleeve. it, gotta b and sharp enough to shave with. She lifts back her arm, the better to punch it through Ri Ripley shifts slightly.  Call stops.
19) 4) dialog: There's no point, is there? A flick of her wrist and the stilletto whips back up her Ripley sits up.
19) 5) dialog: It's already out of you.  Christ... Is it here?  Is it on RIPLEY (smiling) You mean my baby?  CALL I don't understand.  If they've got it, why are they keep
19) 7) dialog: Those sick fucks. She raises her arm, the stilletto gliding out again.
19) 8) dialog: I can make it stop.  The pain... this nightmare.. That's offer you. Ripley holds her palm up, presses it against the point of
19) 10) dialog: What are you?
19) 12) dialog: Ellen Ripley died two hundred years ago. Ripley pulls her hand back suddenly, grimacing at the pai
19) 14) dialog: I've read Morse -- I've read all the banned histories.  S life to protect us from the beast.  You're not her.
19) 16) dialog: You're a thing.  A construct.  They grew you in a fucking
19) 18) dialog: And now they've brought the beast out of you. RIPLEY (smiling) Not all the way out.
19) 19) dialog: What?
19) 21) dialog: Help me.  If there's anything human in you at all, help m before  this thing gets loose.
19) 24) dialog: You want that.
19) 26) dialog: Not so long as there's breath-in me. Ripley LASHES OUT and GRABS CALL'S THROAT.  Call swings w but Ripley has her arm pinned before she can connect.  Ri the girls neck. Ripley looks at the girl with a world of sadness.
20) 1) text: Being kicked over. Elgyn, Hillard and Rane are pushed into the room, sleepy Christie, St Just, and Johner are all being herded in by Call is thrown into the group as well.
20) 9) dialog: They got nothing to do with this, Wren. ELGYN (to Call) To do with what? WREN  I don't give a fuck. It's way too late for that. Yo looking at a firing squad. You hear me?
20) 15) dialog: I'm gonna finish this. Elgyn grabs her by the hair, roughly pulls her back.
20) 29) dialog: I have to stop him.  If I don't we'll all die. WREN (pulls his mouth away) Elgyn, tell me what you know. If she's alone in this.
22) 4) dialog: Nothing.  Not a goddanm thing. You thought you could cont
23) 2) dialog: Christie!  Hillard!  Come on! The door rises fully.  Ripley stands behind it. Call starts back, not sure what the woman will do. Ripley surveys the scene. The Alien, burrowing its head into the belly of the guard Looks up. Everyone watches as the two creatures sense each other. hisses. rears back. Ripley looks away, contemplative We see a gamut of emotio face, but her posture passive, sacrificial.  She does not Everyone watches, too afraid to breathe. The alien LUNGES at her, leaping across the room in two b her -- and she SPINS, GPABBING IT, and HURLS IT AWAY. It lands in a tangle but is up again in a microsecond, ju knocks her back into the room, on her, its claws digging piston tongue at her face, inches away.  She locks an arm around its slick, long head and pulls ba tendons strain, snap. CALL (to a guard) Shoot it!  Shoot them both! She grabs his gun and BURNS them both.  Two less-than-hum fill the room as they briefly disentangle, thrown apart. The beast recovers first, dodging the next blast and goin again. Ripley, on her back, reaches behind her, grabs a table le inhuman strength brings the table down on the monster's h She dives at it as it comes out from under.... Call shoots as Ripley hits the alien, they're both fried momentum sends them over a railing and they FALL TWENTY F Alien lands with a spine snapping crunch, Ripley only slightly better. A few crew members rush to look over the railing.  Christ the spiral staircase to that level.
23) 17) dialog: Christie, she's not human.  Wren cloned her because she w alien in her. She could turn --
23) 19) dialog: She'll turn on us!  Just like that!
23) 21) dialog: You can't trust her.
23) 30) dialog: vriess! VRIESS (mock casual) Hey, whatchyou guys doing?  Hey, Annalee.
23) 50) dialog: 'The meat' . Jesus.
23) 84) dialog: The ship's been going since the attack.
23) 90) dialog: Oh, God.  Oh, you bastard...
23) 92) dialog: If those things get to Earth, It'll be... RIPLEY (not very concerned). The end.
23) 94) dialog: We've got to blow the ship.
23) 96) dialog: Three hours.  Almost.
23) 98) dialog: Don't you understand what this means?
24) 6) dialog: Look, you come with us.  It's dangerous here. Ripley SNIFFS.  Cocks her head.
24) 8) dialog: Fuck you.  We're not leaving anyone on this boat.
24) 15) dialog: We can't just leave him.
24) 19) dialog: There's gotta be another way. If we freeze him --
24) 26) dialog: He comes with us.  We can freeze him on the Betty and get remove it later.
24) 29) dialog: Since you were born without balls.
26) 7) dialog: We've got to help them!
26) 9) dialog: You bitch, let go of me! She does, and Call rises. The noise is gone. What she can see of the soldiers-is pa She is shaking at the vision when an alien RISES in front soldiers.  Call ducks back down, terrified. Christie hisses at her.
26) 32) dialog: What?
26) 37) dialog: We ?
26) 43) dialog: Stop this. Ripley grabs her.  Looks at the others.
26) 49) dialog: I think you still might. Ripley smiles.  She may be right.
26) 51) dialog: And you don't care about anything else.
26) 54) dialog: To kill you, remember? (after a beat) Because somebody ha
26) 61) dialog: Ripley! Ripley turns, slowly, still in a fever dream. Call cocks the grenade launcher with a loud CRACK.  Her e Ripley's. Call tosses it to Ripley as the crew steps back and even Ripley FIRES, a grenade chugging to the end of room and B fire and noise, she FIRES another, tissue and steel explo flame, she turns to number seven, hand shakes momentarily FIRES, the poor creature dissolving in a cloud of flame. Freezing gas jets fill the room, extinguishing potential the heart of the firestorm continues to rage in the chamb She backs out, the crew waiting for her outside. The launcher falls loudly to the ground.  Ripley turns to face rigid with pain. Wren backs up a step, looking around him for protection t have no thought of providing.
26) 62) dialog: Ripley... Don't do it. Ripley stops. weariness suffusing her expression.
26) 64) dialog: Don't do that. Feeling his jaw, Wren actually smiles at the absurdity of It's kind of winning. Christie helps him up.
26) 84) dialog: He's right.  We're gonna have to do it this way.
26) 91) dialog: No locked doors?
26) 100) dialog: Do I have to tell everyone to take a deep breath? A couple of the guys smile.
26) 103) text: Just BREAKS the surface, she takes in a huge GASP of air, CLAMPS DOWN ON HER. Ripley goes back under, pulling at the thing as others br surface. Wren comes up and a hugger LEAPS right at him ,but Call n four shots. Christie and Vriess break surface and both begin FIRING, in a circular sweep. They decimate a number of eggs
26) 107) dialog: The blood'll burn you!  Throw it! He does, and Johner nails it in midflight. Hillard and Johner pull Di Stephano out of the water, but breathing.
26) 121) text: Wren comes to a cralwspace ledge.  He climbs on.  Set bac from the shaft is a small maintenance access door. works beside it as Call climbs up behind him. The aliens SMASH through the door, one of them SAILING ac to grab a pipe on the other side. Instantly four of them up the walls, moving much faster  on pipes and ridges tha on ladders. On one of the aliens a facehugger crawls, constantly movi the adult alien's head like a frightened spider.
26) 122) dialog: Hurry!
26) 144) dialog: Get on! A moment of stunned silence, then they all jump on top of Call drops back down inside. An alien comes up level with the lift, prepares to jump. shoots the shit out of it.
26) 148) text: Call waits for the signal to stop and an alien PUNCHES TH bottom of the lift.  Call yells as it gets its head and a clawing for her.
26) 152) text: Call hits the emergency button and the lift stops halfway the door - - giving both Ripley and Call access.  Bu the alien is st for her -- Ripley pries open the doors again, the crew pouring out i Ripley follows, jumps down and opens the lift doors The alien hisses at Ripley as she pulls Call out -- the - Call's ankle, but Ripley wrenches her free. They roll out but the alien is still fighting, Pulling it the lift. Ripley grabs Hillardl's shotgun.  Levels it at the cables lift.  FIRES. The lift PLUMMIETS, the alien still halfway in. It shoots down the shaft -- picking up the second alien o down, neither beast able to get its bearing and get out o The lift SMASHES into the bottom of the shaft, crushing b to jelly.
26) 156) dialog: I'm fine.
26) 158) dialog: Yeah.  Come on. Ripley isn't buying.
26) 160) dialog: I'm fine! Ripley spins her around.  Call stares at Ripley, sullenly trickle of milky white fluid comes from her nostril. Ripl
26) 166) dialog: Leave me alone. Her voice shocks her more than anyone her vocal track sli the wounds. The voice is a shade slow, and echoes strangely.
26) 196) dialog: No. I can't. JOHNER. Bullshit.  She's a damn well talking machine.
26) 197) dialog: There's another way.
26) 201) dialog: I can't.
26) 203) dialog: I can't. I burned my modem drive.  We all did.
26) 208) dialog: Don't make me do this.
26) 210) dialog: I don't want to go in there.
26) 212) dialog: It's like... your insides are liquid. It's not real.
26) 214) dialog: Dammit.
26) 216) dialog: Hold on. She reaches in her chest, reconnects some tubes.  She twi shuts her eyes. It's beginning. She begins speaking very rapidly, eyes still shut.
26) 217) dialog: Breach in sector seven sector three sector nine unstable operating at eighty six percent -forty six minutes until earthdock. Her voice has a slight mechanical quality as she rattles eyes open.
26) 218) dialog: We burned too much energy -- I can't make critical mass. it.
27) 2) dialog: Ground level recalibrated... new destination 760, 403.  D one minutes until impact.
27) 4) dialog: Tracking movement in sublevels six through nine.  Video i Attempted rerouting nonfunctional, wait, partial visual in waste tank 5, unau presence...
27) 6) dialog: Nonhuman.
27) 16) dialog: It's done.  That should hold the fuck. This as her voice track slips even more.  She works the w cheest, trying to fix it.
27) 18) dialog: Don't touch me. Ripley backs off.
27) 19) dialog: You must think this is pretty funny.
27) 21) dialog: Why do you go on living?  How can you stand it?  How can yourself? Ripley shrugs.
27) 23) dialog: At least there's part of you that's human.  I'm just... f me.... She looks at the hole in her chest, the white and sticky
27) 24) dialog: I'm disgusting. Her voice is at its slowest here, low and eerie.  It's a problem, but  it sounds just like despair.
27) 26) dialog: I ... we have neural processors that run through....  (st
27) 28) dialog: Why?
27) 32) dialog: Let's get going.
28) 6) dialog: What is it? Ripley shakes it off.
28) 8) dialog: We should get moving.
29) 1) text: Eating into the walls. the floor. CALL/Ship Warning. potential hullbreach.  Clear sector. DISTEPHANO (indicating the steps) Down here! They start down -- all but St Just.  He gets out of the j difficulty. Looks down at his wound. Johner looks around to see him still standing atop the st
29) 3) dialog: St Just!
29) 20) text: is the last to get out, but the pressure change SUCKS HER backwards, the section door coming down just in time as s it, the door closing fully as she falls, lack of pressure door itself, it creaks and be inward slightly, but it hol The others have exited into the next hall.  They've been but not as badly. Call stops, runs back to Ripley, helps her up.  Ripley is door hit the back of her head solidly.
29) 21) dialog: Can you walk?  RIPLEY I think I...
29) 22) dialog: I'm not fucking carrying you Ripley doesn't even hear her; something else drowns Call puts her hands over her ears.
29) 24) dialog: Ripley.
29) 26) dialog: Jesus.  Come on.
29) 28) dialog: What... ?
29) 30) dialog: 
30) 3) dialog: It's not right...
30) 16) dialog: Right.
31) 1) dialog: Johner, take Purvis to the freezer.
31) 12) dialog: No she's not.
31) 16) dialog: Fucking shoot me.
32) 2) dialog: Don't shoot it!  Betty's hull is too thin!
32) 4) dialog: Don't shoot it!
36) 5) dialog: Almost there...
36) 10) dialog: Almost there.
38) 1) dialog: 
40) 2) dialog: I am!
41) 0) text: The ship swerves as Call expertly avoids the Auriga -- an and the newborn on top, still fighting for purchase The Betty gets clear, leveling out -- The Auriga still heads straight for earth, as the terrain clear - - deserted, snow covered mountains
41) 8) dialog: Johner!  Fire!
41) 10) dialog: Find me a path! Johner sprays foam on the fire.  There is a loud BANGING overhead. What the fuck is that?
41) 15) dialog: Let her in!
41) 23) text: Turns as the HATCH OPENS nearby, the door sliding slowly between Ripley and this new distraction -- Ripley sees it too, starts climbing for it frantically, o newborn. The beast makes for the doorway -- and CALL POPS HALFWAY GRENADE LAUNCHER  at the thing.. She BLASTS it once,  the and starting back, hurt but not nearly enough.  Call fire the ships rocking sends the shot wild. she flies back for all of a second The beast rears to attack but Ripley is at the hatch -- C in and closes the hatch, the beast just SLAMMING in it as
42) 0) text: Ripley is hanging on Call, exhausted. Another BANG on the hatch, and they can see the door star
42) 3) dialog: Find me a patch of land!  I'll put her down. Call jumps back into the pilot's seat by Vriess.  He pull the wheel, but the ship is still dangerously close to the
42) 17) dialog: To make sure that thing is really dead Its giant face LUNGES down at her, piston tongue shooting It has charred black skin -- in some places that skin has and wet pink flesh shows through. Call drops to the floor, the tongue just missing her.  Jo for his gun as Ripley drags her out of the way. AS quickly as it came, the head lurches back out.
42) 22) dialog: Are you sure?
42) 24) dialog: No... Call grabs a grenade launcher.
42) 25) dialog: I've got to stop it.
42) 27) dialog: That thing is thirty minutes old!  In a few hours it'll g reaches a place with people... She heads for the door but Ripley is on her way.  They ex
42) 30) text: SLAMS into the newborn from behind, the girl nearly throw harvester, the newborn spins and grabs it, Call throws it but the newborn is too strong, holds on, bringing its hea Call herself.
42) 32) text: SWINGS the harvester into a tree, Call nearly knocked loo monster is jolted as well, lets go, Call pilots the machi through the trees, the alien watching it, growling -- Call flies deftly through the trees, away, away, then spi back for the beast at TOP SPEED, the wind roars as she cl The newborn spins and she SLAMS into it, it goes flying, pain,  the harvester bouncing off it, flipping over, CRAS the trees and landing tilted upside down, Call unconsciou and the ground. The newborn shudders, rises, makes for the harvester -- i pissed. Ripley pulls herself over the ridge, sees the situation, them. Call awakens to see the monster approaching the machine. but determined, she reaches for a lever
42) 34) dialog: Ripley!  Let it come!  Let it come! Tears run through her voice as she strains for the lever. torn, and for a  moment doesn't move. Ripley looks over to where Call is, and understanding blo face. She looks around and spots:
42) 35) text: Halfway between her and the newborn. For a moment neither of them moves.  Then Ripley RUNS, th comes at her with equal speed, like they're playing chick DIVES at the ground, rolls, comes up holdin the grenade l she FIPES! The newborn is hit up close and dead center this time, an back, screaming - - Ripley FIRES and FIRES, driving it back toward the upen The alien rears up to its full height, and Ripley pulls.t There is a hollow click. Furious, Ripley stares a moment at the beast.  A SSCREAM her throat and she  THROWS herself at it, leaping impossibly high, smashing i sending both  of them tumbling onto the Harvester. Call pulls the lever. In an instant the machine roars to life, a thousand blade top speed, pulverizing the beast, consuming it, sucking i layer upon layer of alien flesh is chopped into messes. And it SHRIEKS, a noise unheard before, as it thrashes fr Ripley tries to pull herself off it before the blades get but the beast grabs her, holds her.  The blades ever clos struggles with it.
42) 37) dialog: 
43) 4) dialog: I guess not. She is grateful for the suggestion that they are in it to
43) 6) dialog: So I've heard. After a moment, she gets up as well, goes over to Ripley. her the bottle. Ripley looks at it.
43) 7) dialog: It's a drink.  You drink it. RIPLEY (smiling) I remember. She drinks.
43) 8) dialog: So, what do you think?
43) 10) dialog: What should we do now?