13) 0) text: The music is coming from nearby.  Piloting the ship towar is HILLARD, a roughskinned woman in her forties, along wi slight and quiet fellow. Behind them stands ELGYN, the leader of the group. Has the kind of authority that doesn't need to flaunt its Maybe fifty, by the silver in his hair. He speaks into th
13) 1) dialog: (good naturedly) My authorization code is 'fuck you', son.  Now open the g General Perez  is gonna do a Wichita stomp on your virgin He switches off.
13) 3) dialog: I guarantee that boy's. Never seen the inside of a woman. (to Hillard) Bring us in on three-oh descent, ride the parallel.
13) 5) dialog: Don't cut thrust till six hundred meters. Give em a littl He puts his hand on her shoulder, runs it up along her ch exits. They're more than friends. He moves through a hallway, sticks his head in a cubicle.
13) 6) dialog: Christie!  St Just!  Rise and shine. We're docking. He proceeds into:
14) 0) text: It's the largest space in this boat, two stories high. Ta of the space are two HARVESTERS, big rusty hovering thres the size of winnebagos. As Elgyn enters, we CRANE UP to reveal ANNALEE-CALL worki them. She's young, tough -- at home with this  motley bunch des and prettiness.
14) 1) dialog: Call!  CALL! The music is louder here -- it's blasting from a box in t Elgyn switches it off.
14) 2) dialog: Call!
14) 4) dialog: We're docking! Are the cargo trucks secured?
14) 6) dialog: I don't want em so much as rattled. Any leakage, I take i hide.
14) 8) dialog: How's it looking? VRIESS  It's never gonna be pretty. but she'll fly.  The total fucking write-off.
14) 9) dialog: You'll make it good.
14) 13) dialog: We're coming in.  Time to enjoy a little of the general's
14) 16) dialog: From Perez? I doubt it. Still, let's be ever vigilant.
16) 11) text: A good sized suite, decorated in a sparse, military fashi behind his desk, the money sitting between him and Elgyn.
16) 13) dialog: Neither was our cargo. You're not pleading poverty, are y
16) 15) dialog: Just the ones that don't like their every transaction rec fringe element. I guess that would include you, though, wouldn't it?
16) 17) dialog: Constantly.  I'm guessing whatever you've got going here approved by congress. Perez pours two whiskeys. PEREZ (changing the subject) So where do you go from here?
16) 18) dialog: Out by the Handle.  We've got a couple of harvesters, we on one of the collectives if Vriess and Call get 'em work
16) 20) dialog: She is severely fuckable, isn't she? - And the very devil wrench. I think Vriess somewhat pines. He takes a stack of bill, smells it.  He likes the smell.
16) 21) dialog: She is curious about this little transaction.  You can ha her, Awfully cloak and  dagger... Perez hands a drink to ELGYN.
16) 23) dialog: Most army research labs don't have to operate outside reg And they don't call for the kind of cargo we brought.
16) 25) dialog: Just bed and board, couple of days worth.  If we're not i
20) 1) text: Being kicked over. Elgyn, Hillard and Rane are pushed into the room, sleepy Christie, St Just, and Johner are all being herded in by Call is thrown into the group as well.
20) 2) dialog: What the fuck is going on here?
20) 5) dialog: Do you mind telling me what the fuck you're up to?
20) 7) dialog: Look, if there's a problem tell me what it is. We can wor there is no  need to get emotional ... St Just is silent, standing in the same position he was w attacked Johner. Hands behind his back.
20) 8) text: As Elgyn speaks, two guns..slip out of his sleeves and fi
20) 10) dialog: I do.  St Just? With lighting precision, St Just raises his hands and blo guards away. He takes out a third to his left without even looking tha One guard gets off a shot with his burner, frying Rane be elbow knocks his teeth well into his throat. Christie tackles the next as Johner presses a latch on th his thermos --  the top half flies off, revealing handle inside. He grabs it and another  guard runs. Johner doesn to pull the gun-out of the the so he SHOOTS right through the guard flying..
20) 14) dialog: Nice and easy, boys ... Call starts to take off.
20) 16) dialog: You're going nowhere, Annalee.
20) 26) dialog: If Call's got something going here I want to know what it
22) 5) dialog: All right. We make for the Betty. Can he walk? He is pointing at Rane, who nods, standing. HILLARD  Betty's all the way across the ship! Who knows w between? CALL (indicating Wren) He does. One of the soldiers steps forward.  DiStephano. DISTEPHANO (to Wren) Sir, we have to go. (to Elgyn) Let him go.  No quarrel.
22) 6) dialog: You can have him when we're off. Not before. They start out, dragging Wren along.  Guns still on Call soldiers. What about Vriess?
22) 28) dialog: Okay, which way?
22) 30) dialog: All right. They turn left, entering
23) 1) dialog: Can you get that one open? It comes from the rafters, dropping down on Elgyn in a he barely has time to scream before it shoots its tongue thr of his skull. Hillard has time.  She SCREAMS as her lover's brains come mouth. The beast leaps at the group, scattering them like bowlin claws into one of the guards. Everybody else is scramblin St Just tries to escape by running past the beast - its t out, tangling his feet and tripping him up, his head smas pipe. Another guard hits it with the burner -- it shrieks and l Johner shoots at it but is far too panicked to hit it. Call has backed to the far wall -- she desperately works to open the door. It starts to rise.
23) 6) text: on the upper level, kneeling by Elgyn's body.  No tears, quiet. What do we do?
23) 25) text: Gently lays her coat over Elgyn's face. Johner looks down