5) 3) dialog: There she is... He says it like he's found a lost kitten.  He reaches in sleeping, fetal but nearly ready to burst ALIEN. Others w severing umbilical threads that tie it to Ripley's chest.
5) 4) dialog: Here we go. He holds it up and others step in with the amnio, a sort filled with  amniotic fluid. The alien SCREAMS, its tiny mouth full with teeth, and wr his grasp.
5) 6) dialog: Well ...
5) 10) dialog: Well, that went as well as could be expected-- Ripley's hand LASHES OUT, GRABS the surgeon's forearm.  H pain as her fingers dig into him, the others scramble kno over and we HEAR HIS BONE CRACKING.
7) 0) text: Ripley is sitting on a table as Gediman draws blood from He deposits it in a test beaker, studies her eyes. Wren enters, looking at a chart.
7) 2) dialog: Appears to be in good health...
7) 4) dialog: Extraordinary. As in, completely off our projected charts (shows him some photos) Look at the scar tissue.  See the
7) 6) dialog: Yesterday!
7) 8) dialog: I'd like to run some tests: strength, coordination...  We looking at a normal cloning arc.
7) 12) dialog: Oh my God... He is as wide eyed as WREN, and he isn't having his windp After a moment the shock wears off and he slams his hand alarm. Klaxons, red light fire up. A guard rushes in, levels his weapon at Ripley.  After a staring him down, she opens her hand.  Wren falls to his The guard FIRES his rifle at her -- a powerful electrical out and sends her flying back into the corner.
8) 0) text: Wren and Gediman watch through a one way mirror as a scie Ripley. With them is General PEREZ, the man in charge this boat. straight and about  as gruff as you would expect, he star suspiciously.
8) 3) dialog: Totally!  She's operating at a completely adult capacity.
8) 6) dialog: She's freaked. Wren shoots Gediman a stern look at his unscientific parl
8) 10) dialog: But the thing is, we can't terminate her. It.
8) 12) dialog: There's been cases..
9) 4) dialog: Mutation isn't exactly... I don't think so.
9) 8) dialog: No shit. Wren shoots him another look.
10) 0) text: Ripley sits across from Gediman. He is eating at a good p however, has stopped.  She is staring at her fork, her br Turns it over in her hand, in her mind.
10) 1) dialog: "Fork." The memory comes, and she shakes her head wearily. RIPLEY (softly) Fuck.... GEDIMAN (pretending to correct her) "Fork." Ever so slightly, she smiles. The smile fades, and after
10) 3) dialog: How did we get you?  Blood samples from Fiori 16. On ice. Do you remember that place?
10) 5) dialog: Does it.....Yeah. Rapidly.
10) 7) dialog: How did you know that?
10) 9) dialog: Company?
17) 0) text: Where Wren and a few others are waiting.  Gediman looks a nervous, not sure this is a good idea. The cargo is locked into place on the floor and and a gua electric lock. It springs open and the guard slides off a side panel. They are stacked one on the other, five of them in all, c People sleeping inside. One by one the tubes are hauled to one side of the room a unit is wheeled in. By the end there are ten people sleeping side by side in the dark chamber. The scientists meanwhile retire to INT.  AN ADJOINING CHA long glass window looking at the chamber. The last of the guards leaves the chamber and we see the behind them. Wren starts pushing buttons. The glass tops of the cryotubes slide open.  We see tempe lifesign gauges begin to change.. There is a thick whirring as a part of the ceiling above lowers, lowers,  and rotates slowly. Stuck to the other side of it are ten alien eggs.  The ce just enough so that they are aimed at the heads of the sl For a moment nothing happens. One of the sleepers eyes flutter slightly. Opens. All ten simultaneously.
18) 0) text: A large metal box is being wheeled next to an observation surround it, weapons at the ready.  Not one of them at ea Wren and Gediman watch intently.
18) 2) dialog: We still haven't detected the origin of the reproductive the egg laying  stage appears to be over.
18) 4) dialog: I don't know. I think we covered everything. But these re A soldier lifts a panel in the pen and then doors to the automatically. Everyone waits. A fullgrown alien suddenly bolts into the pen. The soldie quickly as humanly possible.
18) 10) dialog: How did you get in here?
18) 12) dialog: Yes.  Yes they are.  I've been monitoring their interacti He points at a audiograph by the wall, blips and waves in vibrating line, indicating sound. He notices that her hand is still on her shoulder.
18) 13) dialog: They communicate.  Through ultrasonic soundwaves.  Sort o
18) 16) dialog: Ripley...
20) 12) dialog: What the fuck... You three!  Go! Sector two. All but one of the guards rush out to investigate.  Gedim surveilliance screen, trying to see what's happening
20) 19) text: We see Gediman and the guard, their backs to us. The alie pacing.  One of them,  to the right, looks at the one on Something passes between them. They look back at the huma other. They SET ON the middle alien, TEARING IT APART.  It lets insectile SHRIEKS as they tear it limb from limb. Gediman spins in terror, the guard bringing up his weapon the lights inside the pen and as they blink to shocking b see: The remains of the third alien on the ground as a giant p EATS A HOLE IN THE FLOOR.
20) 20) dialog: Oh, God He bolts for the failsafe but it's too late as the blood way through  - the two aliens DIVE through the hole. just hits the button -- freezing gas  fills the chamber but th to freeze.
20) 21) dialog: No no no! He hits another sequence and the door slides open.  He ru kneels by the hole and looks down.
20) 23) dialog: Christ.  They could be anywhere. He looks up at the guard -- and an alien FLIES UP at him hole.   It was hanging on the ceiling below and it pulls him thro can breathe a decent scream. The guard just stares, shaking.
30) 6) dialog: Multiple reproductive systems. Ripley turn's slowly, to see the person next to her.  It' looking wane and haggard. He may be speaking to her but he stares straight ahead, h glowing with near insanity.
30) 7) dialog: Complete asexual reproductive cycle, self-impregnating, w different sets of ovaries in her.  Egg laying is the firs immature.  Redundancies, redundancies ... she'll bring forth legion.
30) 9) dialog: No... they've just been draining me. She looks down, to see
30) 12) dialog: Don't you want to see what happens next?
31) 8) dialog: Beautiful.... beautiful butterfly... He is crying with revelatory joy.  Ripley is not.  Grimac and smell of the new beast, she begins pulling again at h One of the soldiers, at the 'other end of the room from R up. Dangling uselessly at his side is a rifle -- the real dea burner.