14) 24) dialog: You should see your face. Vriess, you must have soiled yo VRIESS One of these days I'm gonna kill you. My hand to G
14) 25) dialog: Well, you already gave him your feet ... CALL (jumping down) You're a limp fucking scrotum, you know that?
14) 26) dialog: Either of you want a piece of me, I'm less than busy.
14) 29) dialog: Don't push me, little Annalee.  You hang with us a while, I'm not the man with whom to fuck. He exits, full of annoying bravado.
16) 0) text: The ship moves slowly along the huge dock to land gently The top of  the ship is nearly level with a grated platfo the length of the bay. Three soldiers in full armour stand rigid on the platform atop the ship slowly  opens. One by one the crew files ou en masse, we get a clearer view of  what separates them f Environment.  They're not wearing uniforms.  They're an fiercely indivualist group, their look varied -- spots of showing  through militarian space gear.  Johner's bright bowling shirt.  Elgy's and St Just's floorlength leather Vriess's chair stands out as he wheels down the platform. What they have in common is the toughness, the wary eyes, skin.  The cool readiness to kill.  These guys are smuggl while ago, you'd have called them pirates All eight of them emerge, one by one, looking around them past the silent, uniformed soldiers.  The last one sudden on Johner's jacket, stops him. There is a bulge under it.  A green sensor light on the b soldier's glove turns  red when he touches the bulge.
16) 2) dialog: Moonshine. My own. Much more dangerous.
17) 2) dialog: Ooh. Johner comes up to Ripley.  Her expression makes it clear enjoys having him in her face.
17) 3) dialog: How about a little one on one? She keeps dribbling, says nothing.
17) 4) dialog: What do you say?
17) 6) dialog: Why should I?
18) 20) dialog: I'm in.
18) 23) dialog: Oh, fuck you!
18) 26) dialog: Uh, Uh, fuck it. I fold. (to St Just) What do-you got? St Just calmly shuffles his cards back into the deck.
18) 28) dialog: You asshole.
18) 32) dialog: Just for coloring. ST JUST (producing a small vial) I got something that'll take the edge off that. CALL  Thanks, I'll walk it off. She stumbles out of the room.  Johner shuffles the deck.
18) 33) dialog: Bitches should not play with the boys, they will get clea (dealing) Eight card throwback, fuck your sister and the sevens are
20) 1) text: Being kicked over. Elgyn, Hillard and Rane are pushed into the room, sleepy Christie, St Just, and Johner are all being herded in by Call is thrown into the group as well.
20) 28) dialog: Drop them!  I'm not fucking with you! CHRISTIE (indicating the dead soldiers) Boss, we got bodies here.  It doesn't matter what Call's all fucked now.
20) 31) dialog: Does anyone want me to make this simple? Far away, a SCREAM. Everyone stops.  Wren turns slowly in it came from.
22) 7) dialog: Fuck Vriess!
23) 3) dialog: Where are you going? The creature rolls back onto Ripley, grabbing her with it strength. Her face is rigid with pain and anger as she ho its jaws open, dripping shaking... The tongue SHOOTS OUT and Ripley GRABS IT. HOLDS IT. A scream wells up in her throat.  A totally animal killsh SCREAMS, victorious, as she RIPS THE ALIEN'S TONGUE OUT O She stands, bellows another warrior cry. The crew has gat They watch her, awed, wary. Ripley walks slowly up to the Call.  Ripley looks a tad pissed. Call tenses, maybe wishing she hadn't shot Ripley as well Ripley takes Call's hand, puts the tongue in it. walks on Call looks at the dripping souvenier.  The pincers at the twitching.
23) 13) dialog: Thirty!  We are fucked in our pink bottoms if there's thi things.
23) 18) dialog: Nobody cares about your opinion, you bitch, you fucking m
23) 25) text: Gently lays her coat over Elgyn's face. Johner looks down
23) 26) dialog: Via con Dios, man. Hillard stands. Call puts ahand on her shoulder but Hilla a distrustful look on her face. Ripley, bringing up the rear, watches the whole group wit fascinated detatchment. Call looks back at her.  Ripley smiles, coldly.
23) 29) dialog: Oh, fuck...
23) 34) dialog: Doc's got a bug up his ass 'cause Call's a mole and he th conspiracy. VRIESS (looking at Call) She's a what?
23) 35) dialog: A mole.  A fucking spy. Vriess looks hit harder by that information than anyone.
23) 43) dialog: Can we track those fucking things?
23) 45) dialog: We could get to the Betty and they could be all over it!
23) 56) dialog: Well, if we want to make decent time I say we ditch the c (to Vriess) No offense. VRIESS (giving him the finger) None taken.
23) 76) dialog: We can't shoot them?  Fuck that, I'm shooting them.
23) 91) dialog: Earth?  I'm not going to that fucking slum.
23) 102) dialog: You've come up against these things before?
23) 104) dialog: So what did you do ?
23) 106) dialog: That wasn't really what I wanted to hear... DiStephano points to a door.
23) 109) dialog: Fuck me ...
24) 10) dialog: He's what?
24) 13) dialog: Shit, I don't want one of those things birthing anywhere
24) 28) dialog: Since when are you in fucking charge?
26) 4) dialog: Good. He is loooking into the room.the queen was kept in.  A re is all that's left here. Beyond the queen's chamber is another observation room. that they have to go through. Suddenly a burner blast FIRES at them, just missing them They hear more blasts, not aimed at them, and screams.
26) 16) dialog: Yeah, let 'em come.
26) 24) dialog: Here, kitty... The aliens react, start for the cage.  Four 'of them.  Th edge of it and stop. Look around, at each other.. But go nowhere.
26) 26) dialog: Hey!  Fresh meat here! RIPLEY. They know it's a trap.
26) 29) dialog: Shoot the fucking things!
26) 38) dialog: Fuck, I'm with her!  Give 'em Annalee!
26) 41) dialog: Now you're not exactly in the club either, soldier. People start pointing guns at each other.
26) 66) dialog: What's the big deal?  Fucking waste of ammo.
26) 68) dialog: Chicks, man....
26) 77) dialog: The nasties couldn't have done it, could they?
26) 93) dialog: This sucks.
26) 111) dialog: Give me that! He pulls the burner off Di Stephano's body, even as Call mouth to mouth. Johner flips the gun open and FIRES at the water, the who SMOKING and sizzling with the electrical charge. we hear bubble from below the surface. JOHNER (grinning feverishly) Okay!  Everybody out of the pool!
26) 119) dialog: Move!
26) 130) dialog: Fuck!
26) 141) dialog: Too fucking far.  Let's G0 ! They start to climb, but the aliens are making much bette A loud CLACKING sounds from the bottom of the shaft.  A f look down.
26) 143) dialog: They can work the elevators?  Is there anything fucking e know about them?! He's addressing this at Ripley, but she's as puzzled as t them. The lift comes up to them, stops suddenly as emergency br flipped. They wait, guns ready. Out of the hatch pops Call, not es
26) 153) text: Johner triumphantly sticks his head in the shaft.
26) 154) dialog: Eat that, fuckneck!! They all breathe hard, exhausted, before they can muster stretch.  Call stands with her back to them.
26) 162) dialog: Call's a goddam sythetic!
26) 172) dialog: Oh, Christ.  Doing fucking nickel and dime border runs, s hand junk to the farm belt... and we're carrying the most piece of contraband in the system. That's rich. PURVIS (getting anxious) It's great, she's a toaster oven... Can we leave now? Vriess tries to touch Call's wound.
26) 174) dialog: Yeah, get your socket wrench, Vriess. Maybe she just needs an oil change.
26) 176) dialog: Can't believe I almost fucked the thing.
26) 188) dialog: Fucking blow the door!
26) 200) dialog: Just by blinking.
27) 36) dialog: Yeah, well, we'll sleep when we're dead. Ripley follows him through.
28) 1) dialog: What's this fucking deal?
28) 17) text: Two more run on top of the grow-lamps, pacing them as wel One DROPS DOWN -- Ripley SWERVES out of the way, driving They are varied, exotic -- and there are aliens behind ha The crew BLASTS away all around them Ripley drives a drun through the brush, avoiding trees that dot the scape. An alien DROPS onto the hood, another grabs the side -- V the first, blowing it off, but the second grabs Johner, h over the side,.dropping his gun. St Just is too preoccupied with his own problems on the o that Johner is being dragged, the alien still clutching onto him. Shots bang out, ripping into the alien, which lets go. Jo to see Purvis  holding Johner's gun. Johner drags himself back on. One jumps down onto St Just, tears a good chunk out of hi before he dusts it. Another alien jumps on the hood just as the jeep SAILS ov of the terraced  slope, comes-down hard enough knock it o the next -- the crew can barely hang on as the jeep crash after slope.  Ripley swerves back onto the road, the jeep sliding over beside it, rocking violently as they shoot down the remai the aliens close on their heels. Still blasting away at the beasts, the crew is able to pu distance between them as they come to the end of the gard divides into three sections, all open halls with access f
29) 1) text: Eating into the walls. the floor. CALL/Ship Warning. potential hullbreach.  Clear sector. DISTEPHANO (indicating the steps) Down here! They start down -- all but St Just.  He gets out of the j difficulty. Looks down at his wound. Johner looks around to see him still standing atop the st
29) 2) dialog: St Just!  Come on, man. St Just looks down at the wound. Back at Johner.  He walk towards the aliens.
30) 14) dialog: How long till we can get airborn?
30) 17) dialog: We hit atmo in a few minutes, only gonna make it harder. They all run on board
31) 2) dialog: All right.. Nap time, buddy. A GUNSHOT and Purvis goes flying, blood spurting out of h Johner draws but Wren emerges from the shadows too fast. Wren grabs Call and very carefully holds his gun to her b below her shoulderblades.
31) 14) dialog: Have you been paying any attention today?
32) 3) dialog: Look out! it knocks over cannisters as it speeds across the table a instruments.  VRIESS Where'd it go?
32) 5) dialog: Fuck that! It LEAPS out of the darkness and heads straight for Call, back, trips -- it comes at her, leaps right at her face, hand back -- and-flicks her wrist The stilletto pops out flies at it, the blade slides right into its mouth, rammi inches through its innards before it pokes out the other Blood spurts on Call, on the floor.  The creature wriggle falls free as the stilletto melts inside it.
32) 6) dialog: Vriess!  Get behind the fucking wheel!
35) 2) dialog: Forget it!        we'll shake it off on descent. Airlock secure.  Outer doors opening... . CUT TO:
36) 6) dialog: We got about forty seconds till we kiss the ground! Go full thrust on the downdraft!  We'llget clear!
36) 7) dialog: It's gonna be fucking close.
36) 9) dialog: No shit.
41) 14) dialog: It's Ripley!  Ripley's on the fucking hatch! In the cockpit, Call nearly goes white.
41) 16) dialog: Fuck no!  There's something else out there with her!
41) 18) dialog: No. it's something else. Frustrated, Call jumps out of her seat.. Vriess fights to ship as she  climbs up toward the hatch.
41) 20) dialog: Look at that fucking thing!  We can't open up! They both tumble as the ship jerks
41) 22) text: Pushes Johner aside as she makes for the hatch release se ANGLE: VRIESS. Desperately pulling up as wooded, snowy mountains zoom da close below.
42) 4) dialog: That thing isn't going anywhere!
42) 8) dialog: That things gone back behind the thrusters! Call and Ripley look at each other.
42) 16) dialog: Where're you going? Call opens the hatch.
42) 18) dialog: I think it's gone!
42) 23) dialog: Good!  Great!
43) 1) dialog: The bitch takes her time in burning.
43) 3) dialog: Troopers should be finding our ship any time now. 1 don't idea of being around when they do. Ripley gets up, looks out over the cliffs edge at the lig Christie offers the bottle to Call.  She takes it and dri VRIESS (to Call) I guess you won't want to be answering any official Quest