24) 1) dialog: Get away from me!
24) 3) dialog: What's going on? St Just looks at his name, stitched in his coveralls.
24) 5) dialog: What ship?  Where am I? 1 was in cryo on the way to Xarem for the nickel refinery... I wake up, I don't understand... I saw something... horri
24) 12) dialog: Inside me? What?
24) 20) dialog: 
24) 24) dialog: Who are you?
26) 131) dialog: How far to the next door?
26) 139) dialog: Fuck!  Company! Hillard looks up the shaft.
27) 30) dialog: I guess we're almost there.
27) 35) dialog: God, I'm so tired...
28) 17) text: Two more run on top of the grow-lamps, pacing them as wel One DROPS DOWN -- Ripley SWERVES out of the way, driving They are varied, exotic -- and there are aliens behind ha The crew BLASTS away all around them Ripley drives a drun through the brush, avoiding trees that dot the scape. An alien DROPS onto the hood, another grabs the side -- V the first, blowing it off, but the second grabs Johner, h over the side,.dropping his gun. St Just is too preoccupied with his own problems on the o that Johner is being dragged, the alien still clutching onto him. Shots bang out, ripping into the alien, which lets go. Jo to see Purvis  holding Johner's gun. Johner drags himself back on. One jumps down onto St Just, tears a good chunk out of hi before he dusts it. Another alien jumps on the hood just as the jeep SAILS ov of the terraced  slope, comes-down hard enough knock it o the next -- the crew can barely hang on as the jeep crash after slope.  Ripley swerves back onto the road, the jeep sliding over beside it, rocking violently as they shoot down the remai the aliens close on their heels. Still blasting away at the beasts, the crew is able to pu distance between them as they come to the end of the gard divides into three sections, all open halls with access f
30) 2) dialog: We got to be moving, miss.  Best gift you can give her ri quick death.
30) 4) dialog: I've been saying that all day, we need your help. A moment more, and she heads out with him.