4) 0) text: Tiny. dark, and we are moving through it at impossible sp into another without slowing, up into an air vent, still until we reach a chamber, some place where all we can see dark, moving, inhuman fle it welcomes us in, envelops us. ANGLE: RIPLEY  Lying somewhere, maybe the dark-chamber -- it keeps shifting. She opens her eyes, but they are dark, whiteless. She reaches for her chest and begins scratching . Hard. Tearing at it, as blood wells up, spilling over her sides
6) 0) text: Sudden stillness. Ripley crouches in the middle of a small, dark chamber. eyed, staring straight ahead in a state of near catatonia and wild. But at least she's not so  blue as before. The only light on her comes from directly above, from a t glass in the center of the ceiling.
6) 1) text: A guard stands on the floor above, looking into the cell square of glass in  the floor, directly above Ripley. (We see other panes of glass lining the floor, indicating below.)
7) 0) text: Ripley is sitting on a table as Gediman draws blood from He deposits it in a test beaker, studies her eyes. Wren enters, looking at a chart.
7) 11) dialog: Why?
8) 0) text: Wren and Gediman watch through a one way mirror as a scie Ripley. With them is General PEREZ, the man in charge this boat. straight and about  as gruff as you would expect, he star suspiciously.
8) 1) text: The scientist is holding up cards with pictures on them: boat. Ripley gives answers we can't hear through the glass, loo off and bored.
10) 0) text: Ripley sits across from Gediman. He is eating at a good p however, has stopped.  She is staring at her fork, her br Turns it over in her hand, in her mind.
10) 2) dialog: How did you...
10) 4) dialog: Does it grow?
10) 6) dialog: It's a queen.
10) 8) dialog: It'll breed.  You'll die.  Everyone in the ... fucking... for the word, then spits it out) ... Company.  Will die.
10) 12) dialog: 1 doubt that.
10) 14) dialog: Oh, I am.
10) 16) dialog: It's a cancer.  You can't teach it tricks. This stops Wren, and he retreats silently.  Ripley repeat herself, thinking.
10) 17) dialog: "Them" ...
17) 5) dialog: Get away from me.
17) 7) dialog: Because pain hurts. He falters a moment at her quiet threat, then: JOHNER Are you gonna hurt me then? 1 think I might enjoy He smiles his ugly smile. She smiles back. She hits, him solidly in the chest -- and he flies back t landing badly on a group of chairs. His mates fly into action, Christie grabs a standing asht jumps Ripley from behind.   She throws her off with e -- basketball at her hard enough to pop the air out of it. Christie swings at her and SMASHES her right in the face. She arcs back... and right back up, at Christie's throat a chance to react, squeezing, batting away the ashtray ju of blood coming down her nose -- Johner cames at her again and she leaps on him, throws hi ground, snarling, SHE'S GONNA RIP HIS THROAT OUT WITH HER TEETH.
17) 10) dialog: He... smells
18) 11) dialog: Beautiful, aren't they?
18) 14) dialog: I know. She looks at him.
18) 15) dialog: I can hear them. GEDIMAN (smiling) Amazing ... She runs her hand through the back of his hair, gently ur off his chair.
18) 17) dialog: Shhhhh. She pulls him close, kisses him.  Lightly at first, then holding his head with both hands. He responds with surpri the kiss drawing out, pulling slowly apart. She looks at him, smiles. An alien tongue SHOOTS out of her mouth, burying itself i
19) 0) text: The cell door opens silently.  Call hesitates a moment, t shutting the door behind her. Ripley is sleeping, still in the squatting position in th the room.  Call approaches. She stares down at Ripley a moment.  A shadow passes as a above them, Call tenses till he is gone.  Look's back down at Ripley sleeping. Call extends her hand, flexes her wrist.  The meanest loo you've ever seen extends from out her sleeve. it, gotta b and sharp enough to shave with. She lifts back her arm, the better to punch it through Ri Ripley shifts slightly.  Call stops.
19) 2) dialog: Well? Call starts, moving back a pace.
19) 3) dialog: You gonna kill me or what?
19) 6) dialog: Curious.  I'm the latest thing...
19) 9) dialog: What makes you think I would let you do that? Ripley pushes her hand out - the blade goes RIGHT THROUGH keeps pushing her hand out slowly, a good five inches of sticking out the back of her hand  before she stops. Call her.
19) 11) dialog: Ripley, Ellen, Lieutenant first class, number 36706.
19) 13) dialog: What do you know about it?
19) 15) dialog: If I'm not her. What am I?
19) 17) dialog: But only God can make a tree.
19) 20) dialog: It's in my head.  Behind my eyes.  I can hear it moving. The smile is gone, some real vulnerability showing throug softens, trying a different tack.
19) 22) dialog: It's already loose. Call's expression changes.  Those words terrify her, but if Ripley means what she thinks. Ripley raises her hand at Call's head -- Call flinches bu a few inches away. Then touches her forehead gently, almost sensually.
19) 23) dialog: Once the thought .... the hope for it ... grows here.... its way. It will come, because... man will bring it.  Bring it for
19) 25) dialog: I've come to terms with the fact of it. It's inevitable.
19) 27) dialog: I can... make it ... stop... Call's eyes are pleading, terrified. Ripley finally lets drops to the ground gasping for air.  RIPLEY Go. They're coming for you. As soon as she can move, Call scrambles up and heads out.
23) 14) dialog: There'll be more. Everyone looks around at her.  She is squatting in the co away from them.
23) 15) dialog: They'll breed.  In a few hours there'll be twice that num (she stands, approaches them) So who do I have to fuck to get off this boat?
23) 48) dialog: They won't. Everybody looks at her.
23) 49) dialog: They're breeding. They've got new bodies to work on. They close. If they send anybody out, it'll be here. Where the
23) 52) dialog: Hours.
23) 79) dialog: We're moving.
23) 81) dialog: The ship is moving. 1 can feel it.
23) 101) dialog: Clear. Johner moves up next to her.
23) 103) dialog: Yes.
23) 105) dialog: I died. He lags behind a bit, thrown.
24) 0) text: Something LEAPS at Ripley from out of the shadows -- a me into her side, throwing her off balance. St Just and Christie spin, weapons up, and almost shoot t cowering in the corner. Everyone else rushes in as he swings the bar before him, terror.
24) 7) dialog: Leave him.
24) 9) dialog: He's carrying..
24) 11) dialog: He's got one....        inside him. I can smell it.
24) 23) dialog: There's a monster in your stomach. They (indicating the s hijacked your cryotube and sold you to him (indicatingWre an alien in you. In a few hours it will punch  its way th chest and you'll die.  Any questions? Purvis is wide-eyed, stunned.  After a moment he stammers
24) 25) dialog: I'm the monster's mother. She starts heading out of the chamber.  Call turns to the
26) 8) dialog: Can't.
26) 12) dialog: At least two.
26) 14) dialog: Yep.
26) 31) dialog: Bait.
26) 33) dialog: Give em a reason to go in there. Throw somebody in.
26) 35) dialog: DO we want to live? Give em her. She indicates Call, who looks around, nervous at the lack about this idea. Ripley points at Rane.
26) 36) dialog: Or the skinny one, it doesn't matter. We can't resist the meat.
26) 44) dialog: Come on!  Do you want to live or not? (to Call) It won't hurt long. CALL (terrified) Noo... RIPLEY (to Wren)
26) 50) dialog: I want to live.
26) 52) dialog: No. CALL (bitterly) I guess you're more human than I thought.
26) 53) dialog: Why did you come here?
26) 55) dialog: well it's not me.  I did my time.  Now I just want to... She stops dead, staring at a door. CLONING STORAGE FACILITY is written on it. Stencilled ben `numbers 1-7`. Ripley stares. Tries the door, which opens.
26) 63) dialog: Don't do what? The tension pases.  Wren breathes a little sigh of relief Call PUNCHES him across the jaw, his head whipping around to the ground. Call starts down the hall, not even looking at him.
26) 74) dialog: No. You can't. Ripley looks down.  The floor here is covered with a foot water. Ripley steps into it, moves up a few paces. The others gi Vriess is facing the back. He looks up.
26) 80) dialog: There's no other way?
26) 82) dialog: You're sure?
26) 86) dialog: I don't like it.
26) 103) text: Just BREAKS the surface, she takes in a huge GASP of air, CLAMPS DOWN ON HER. Ripley goes back under, pulling at the thing as others br surface. Wren comes up and a hugger LEAPS right at him ,but Call n four shots. Christie and Vriess break surface and both begin FIRING, in a circular sweep. They decimate a number of eggs
26) 104) text: Ripley pulls the face hugger with all her might -- it com fingers singeing the sides of her face, leaving marks lik Worse, its probing fleshy member pulls last of her throat horribly. In utmost disgust, Ripley PULLS it APART. and the three a COMING RIGHT AT HER.
26) 108) text: Ripley is grabbed by an alien -- and St Just comes up beh shoots it. They swim up and away from the spreading, lethal bloodpoo
26) 129) dialog: We're locked in.
26) 133) dialog: Then we climb. They start, moving as fast as they can. VRIESSS (to Christie) You just hang on, man.  I'll get us there. He starts climbing up, impressively fast considering the from his back. JOHNER (to Ripley) Are they going for reinforcements?
26) 134) dialog: Fucked if I know. They climb. And climb, the minutes stretching out, still no door.  Ri ahead of the rest. Finally:
26) 135) dialog: I think I see the door. PURVIS (exhausted) Great. Vriess is having increasing trouble.  Hillard notices him behind, and why.
26) 150) text: Ripley sees the door approaching
26) 151) dialog: stop!
26) 152) text: Call hits the emergency button and the lift stops halfway the door - - giving both Ripley and Call access.  Bu the alien is st for her -- Ripley pries open the doors again, the crew pouring out i Ripley follows, jumps down and opens the lift doors The alien hisses at Ripley as she pulls Call out -- the - Call's ankle, but Ripley wrenches her free. They roll out but the alien is still fighting, Pulling it the lift. Ripley grabs Hillardl's shotgun.  Levels it at the cables lift.  FIRES. The lift PLUMMIETS, the alien still halfway in. It shoots down the shaft -- picking up the second alien o down, neither beast able to get its bearing and get out o The lift SMASHES into the bottom of the shaft, crushing b to jelly.
26) 159) dialog: You were Gunshot.  I saw.
26) 165) dialog: No, I mean... all that crap about being human - there's n zealous as a Born Again. VRIESS (to Call) You're an LM7, aren't you?  Is that it?
26) 169) dialog: They were-too good.
26) 175) dialog: Let's go. They start off again, Johner and St Just bringing up the
26) 179) dialog: DiStephano.  Where are we?
26) 181) dialog: Can we get to the ship?
26) 185) dialog: Another way?
26) 191) dialog: We have to get in too.
26) 195) dialog: Call.
26) 206) dialog: Come on. (to the others) You get started on that wall.
26) 209) dialog: Don't make me make you.
26) 211) dialog: Get over it.
26) 213) dialog: You can blow the ship.  Before it reaches Earth.  Kill th give us time to get out first. That convinces Call.  She pulls up her sleeve, and begins part of her forearm, just below the crook of her elbow.  It has a spring relea a small panel rises up with two computer ports on it.  She takes the cable fr plugs it in. It looks almost like she's mainlining heroin. She cocks her head.
26) 215) dialog: Anything?
26) 219) dialog: Then crash it.
27) 3) dialog: Try to clear us a path to the ship.
27) 7) dialog: How many? Please wait.. emergency override on. console 45V, level o handprint ID... (like herself) It's Wren.         He's almost at the Betty.
27) 8) dialog: And how do        you feel about that?
27) 15) dialog: You got a mean strak.
27) 17) dialog: Let me see
27) 20) dialog: Yes.  But I'm finding a lot of things funny lately.  And they are.
27) 22) dialog: Not so hard.  Not much choice.
27) 25) dialog: Do you dream?
27) 27) dialog: When I sleep, I dream about it.  Them.  Every night.  All in me.  I used to be afraid to dream, but I'm not anymore.
27) 29) dialog: Because no matter how bad the dreams get ... when I wake worse. Purvis enters.
27) 31) dialog: Right. He exits again.  Call finishes fiddling with her internal hear her voice slip back to normal as she says:
27) 37) dialog: Don't count on it. The rest of them come through and walk into:
28) 4) dialog: At the other end?
28) 7) dialog: Nothing.  I'm okay. She looks out at the jungle, they have to cross.
28) 12) dialog: Thank,you. The jeep pulls out.  It's electric, so it emits just a lo takes it at a good clip toward the other side. The access paths are just a bit wider than the jeep itsel rising tall all around them. Ripley concentrates on driving. The pass through as section of wheat , then of corn.  As another section, The crew's expressions change to one of pleased disbelief You gotta be fucking me. St Just!  Is this real?
28) 14) dialog: Which way? HILLARD (looking at the plants) I always wondered where the military got its funding... An alien SHOOTS out of the brush and lands on Hillard eve -- Ripley SLAMS her foot on the pedal The jeep PEELS OUT, as more emerge from the brush.
28) 17) text: Two more run on top of the grow-lamps, pacing them as wel One DROPS DOWN -- Ripley SWERVES out of the way, driving They are varied, exotic -- and there are aliens behind ha The crew BLASTS away all around them Ripley drives a drun through the brush, avoiding trees that dot the scape. An alien DROPS onto the hood, another grabs the side -- V the first, blowing it off, but the second grabs Johner, h over the side,.dropping his gun. St Just is too preoccupied with his own problems on the o that Johner is being dragged, the alien still clutching onto him. Shots bang out, ripping into the alien, which lets go. Jo to see Purvis  holding Johner's gun. Johner drags himself back on. One jumps down onto St Just, tears a good chunk out of hi before he dusts it. Another alien jumps on the hood just as the jeep SAILS ov of the terraced  slope, comes-down hard enough knock it o the next -- the crew can barely hang on as the jeep crash after slope.  Ripley swerves back onto the road, the jeep sliding over beside it, rocking violently as they shoot down the remai the aliens close on their heels. Still blasting away at the beasts, the crew is able to pu distance between them as they come to the end of the gard divides into three sections, all open halls with access f
28) 18) dialog: Which way? DISTEPRMO (looking over) Left!  Left! She swerves left, the jeep-bouncing into the hall
29) 0) text: Where windows running along either side look out onto bla Ripley drives as far as she can, till a staircase -- goin vision, too steep for the jeep.  She SLAMS on brakes. the jeep spinning out a halt. The crew piles out, Di Stephano grabbing Vriess.  At the the hall, the aliens can be seen approaching. The crew BLASTS at them, the aliens, blood splattering th
29) 11) dialog: Where!
29) 20) text: is the last to get out, but the pressure change SUCKS HER backwards, the section door coming down just in time as s it, the door closing fully as she falls, lack of pressure door itself, it creaks and be inward slightly, but it hol The others have exited into the next hall.  They've been but not as badly. Call stops, runs back to Ripley, helps her up.  Ripley is door hit the back of her head solidly.
29) 23) dialog: Mistake ... mistake...
29) 25) dialog: I can hear them, in the hive... it's close...        We'r
29) 27) dialog: I can hear them... the queen...
29) 29) dialog: She's in pain. They CRASH UP through the floor panels, six of them, surr two women. Call can barely spin before Ripley GRABS her and HURLS he down the corridor, out of harm's way. The aliens close on Ripley. She struggles but she's still slams her onto the ground call recovers, looks back at Ri As the aliens drag her unconscious body back down under t
29) 31) dialog: 
30) 0) text: A vast, dark chamber, entirely encrusted with alien goo. about three quarters of the way up the chamber. The alien imediately scuttle UP, carrying Ripley to the top of the They circle her and begin secreting resin, spinning a web The resin comes out of ther backs in spits and globs. It isn't pleasant, and Ripley struggles feebly as they be her.
30) 8) dialog: They didn't impregnate you? Now he looks at her, regret and glee at what has happened his expression.
30) 10) text: As blood from various wounds seeps slowly past his toes, the pool. A keening SHRIEK comes out of the queen, as her limbs beg The aliens around her back off slightly.  The bulge in her belly starts moving. Ripley starts struggling with her bonds, terror and deter her.eyes.
30) 11) dialog: I'm getting        out of here. Goddamnit, I'm getting th He looks at her, the last glimmerof his sanity sinking be horizon.
32) 0) text: rolling and coming up in an instant.  She looks around he way, but there is a vent above her. The newborn's head lunges at her, the small hole making i for the creature to get all the way through.  But it wrig pushing... Ripley jumps up, grabbing a pipe, and KICKS open the vent throwing herself up the vertical shaft with astonishing e
33) 3) dialog: No! She doesn't bother to try the door, she HURLS herself thr window, landing
34) 1) dialog: 
36) 0) text: Ripley tries to pick herself up, is momentarily too wiped heavily, gets to her knees.
36) 1) text: we see Ripley crawling toward the hatch, and the huge out door opening beneath the ship.  Blue sky and wind the scr
36) 3) dialog: God'... And above her, through a window into the docking bay, we newborn appear.
37) 0) text: The airlock doors are almost.. completely open.  Ripley h hatch, but cannot get it open.  She pounds on it frustrat newborn SMASHES through the window, JUMPS DOWN onto the ship.
37) 1) dialog: 
39) 0) text: and the Betty SHOOTS DOWN out of the airlock -- Ripley an just barely hold on, Ripley's body thrown straight up as hatch door for dear life. The newborn has a better grip -- it has more things to gr too struggles with the sudden drop.
41) 12) dialog: Godamnit! She looks around at the alien.  It's almost on her. Working its way painfully toward her, gripping with its l tendrils.  Hissing. It slams a tentacle down at Ripley, but she rolls, just h
41) 23) text: Turns as the HATCH OPENS nearby, the door sliding slowly between Ripley and this new distraction -- Ripley sees it too, starts climbing for it frantically, o newborn. The beast makes for the doorway -- and CALL POPS HALFWAY GRENADE LAUNCHER  at the thing.. She BLASTS it once,  the and starting back, hurt but not nearly enough.  Call fire the ships rocking sends the shot wild. she flies back for all of a second The beast rears to attack but Ripley is at the hatch -- C in and closes the hatch, the beast just SLAMMING in it as
42) 0) text: Ripley is hanging on Call, exhausted. Another BANG on the hatch, and they can see the door star
42) 9) dialog: Hit it. Call throws on the thrusters, the ship ROCKETS forward
42) 14) dialog: is thrown bodily into the windshield --
42) 21) dialog: It's gone. Call looks at her.
42) 28) dialog: You'll never catch it. Call tosses her the grenade launcher.
42) 32) text: SWINGS the harvester into a tree, Call nearly knocked loo monster is jolted as well, lets go, Call pilots the machi through the trees, the alien watching it, growling -- Call flies deftly through the trees, away, away, then spi back for the beast at TOP SPEED, the wind roars as she cl The newborn spins and she SLAMS into it, it goes flying, pain,  the harvester bouncing off it, flipping over, CRAS the trees and landing tilted upside down, Call unconsciou and the ground. The newborn shudders, rises, makes for the harvester -- i pissed. Ripley pulls herself over the ridge, sees the situation, them. Call awakens to see the monster approaching the machine. but determined, she reaches for a lever
42) 33) dialog: No! Over here! Calling out to distract it, she runs, waving her arms.
42) 35) text: Halfway between her and the newborn. For a moment neither of them moves.  Then Ripley RUNS, th comes at her with equal speed, like they're playing chick DIVES at the ground, rolls, comes up holdin the grenade l she FIPES! The newborn is hit up close and dead center this time, an back, screaming - - Ripley FIRES and FIRES, driving it back toward the upen The alien rears up to its full height, and Ripley pulls.t There is a hollow click. Furious, Ripley stares a moment at the beast.  A SSCREAM her throat and she  THROWS herself at it, leaping impossibly high, smashing i sending both  of them tumbling onto the Harvester. Call pulls the lever. In an instant the machine roars to life, a thousand blade top speed, pulverizing the beast, consuming it, sucking i layer upon layer of alien flesh is chopped into messes. And it SHRIEKS, a noise unheard before, as it thrashes fr Ripley tries to pull herself off it before the blades get but the beast grabs her, holds her.  The blades ever clos struggles with it.
42) 38) dialog: Galvanized by the cry, Ripley TEARS herself out of the be grasp, flips backwards off the Harvester as it begins to spark, blood eating through the controls. Call writhes, blood everywhere now.  She is lost in prima Ripley wriggles her way under, and, regardless of the str splattering her, wrenchs Call free.  She drags her' out. A section of the harvester explodes, raining fire and deb dying alien. Call lies on the ground, Ripley behind her, arms wrapped her. Covered in blood and grime, the two watch the alien go up breathing hard,  holding each other as if their lives dep still.
43) 9) dialog: Think?
43) 11) dialog: I don't know. She looks out in the distance... RIPLEY I'm a stranger here myself The two of them stand side by side staring out at the unf horizon, as the newborn dwindles in the dancing flame.