16) 0) text: The ship moves slowly along the huge dock to land gently The top of  the ship is nearly level with a grated platfo the length of the bay. Three soldiers in full armour stand rigid on the platform atop the ship slowly  opens. One by one the crew files ou en masse, we get a clearer view of  what separates them f Environment.  They're not wearing uniforms.  They're an fiercely indivualist group, their look varied -- spots of showing  through militarian space gear.  Johner's bright bowling shirt.  Elgy's and St Just's floorlength leather Vriess's chair stands out as he wheels down the platform. What they have in common is the toughness, the wary eyes, skin.  The cool readiness to kill.  These guys are smuggl while ago, you'd have called them pirates All eight of them emerge, one by one, looking around them past the silent, uniformed soldiers.  The last one sudden on Johner's jacket, stops him. There is a bulge under it.  A green sensor light on the b soldier's glove turns  red when he touches the bulge.
16) 1) dialog: No projectile weaponry is allowed on board the vessel, si Johner opens his jacket, shows what he's packing: a large
16) 3) dialog: Sorry, sir. ELGYN (to Perez) What, do you think we're going to hijack the vessel?  All No, I think one of your asshole crew is going to get drun bullet through  the hull. we are in space, Elgyn. He enters from the antechamber, motions for the crew to f Vriess comes abreast of the soldier.
22) 21) text: SLAM shut instantly one cutting right through a soldier h
26) 5) dialog: Pull back!   Pull back!
26) 6) dialog: It's on me! Ripley looks up and can just see two aliens making short group of soldiers. Call instantly moves to attack, and Ripley grabs her, hol
31) 9) dialog: No, God... He SCREAMS in uncomprehending horror.  The newborn stops, head: It LEAPS up to the ceiling in a second, quick and effortl monstrous flea. Leaps again and lands on the screaming soldier, gripping its four forelegs as he screams lustily. pincers SWING out and pin either side of his head.. His e as: Its tongue SHOOTS into his throat.  Stays there, and we w the blood from his body.  We can see it, see its stomach tinged, as his body goes blue and slack. His rifle drops into the black pool. Gediman stares, transfixed, and it LANDS ON HIM.