14) 10) dialog: Don't be so sure. (calls out) Call!  Adjust the generator plugs! ELGYN (straightening up) They just gotta run, Vriess.  They don't gotta run far. He exits.
14) 18) dialog: I'm patched in. Check the sequence timer. (no answer) Call?
14) 21) dialog: Call? The thresher GRINDS TO LIFE -- a hundred blades and claws Vriess's head! Vriess wheels out from under the machine in a second flat
14) 22) dialog: Goddamnit! The second he's out he hits a lever and the back of the d transforming it-into a wheelchair. VRIESS  Johner! You son of a whore! JOHNER jumps down from the machine, laughing.  He's thick ugly, with ugly scars crisscrossing his ugly bald head. Thought I'd give you a little haircut there.
14) 23) dialog: You fuck! Call, who has been over on the other side of the thresher up on it  and switches it off.
14) 27) dialog: Any time.
14) 30) dialog: That inbred cocksucker. He feels his forehead, comes up with a bit of blood.  Rea close it was ... Call looks up at the thresher.
14) 32) dialog: Well, now we know it works ...
16) 0) text: The ship moves slowly along the huge dock to land gently The top of  the ship is nearly level with a grated platfo the length of the bay. Three soldiers in full armour stand rigid on the platform atop the ship slowly  opens. One by one the crew files ou en masse, we get a clearer view of  what separates them f Environment.  They're not wearing uniforms.  They're an fiercely indivualist group, their look varied -- spots of showing  through militarian space gear.  Johner's bright bowling shirt.  Elgy's and St Just's floorlength leather Vriess's chair stands out as he wheels down the platform. What they have in common is the toughness, the wary eyes, skin.  The cool readiness to kill.  These guys are smuggl while ago, you'd have called them pirates All eight of them emerge, one by one, looking around them past the silent, uniformed soldiers.  The last one sudden on Johner's jacket, stops him. There is a bulge under it.  A green sensor light on the b soldier's glove turns  red when he touches the bulge.
16) 4) dialog: Wanna check the chair? The soldier makes no response, simply falls in behind Cal them.
21) 0) text: The noise is too far above to be heard down here, but Fat voice and the emergency lighting are on. Vriess wheels slowly into the hall, concerned.  He spins checking out his surroundings.
21) 1) text: There is nothing.. Just the floor lights pulsing in succe the exit. Vriess follows their lead, wheeling out.
22) 10) dialog: No! The soldier sees him, but the fear on the boy's face tele decision. Vreiess starts pumping toward the door.  He's strong, pic but the alien rounds the corner and bolts after him. Vriess can't even look back as the thing gains on him.  T to come down, the soldier finishing the sequence and runn Vriess rolls, face set -- the alien a few feet behind, re An EXPLOSION far away ROCKS THE SHIP -- the hall tilted m Vriess gets a  boost as he rockets downhill, the beast st the door closing, too low for him to clear. He gets there lever, his chair FLATTENS out to a dolly  position, his h CLEARS the closing door as the alien SLAMS into it, Vries and flying off the chair it tilts, landing in a heap next Lying still on the ground, he listens as the beast slams door a few more times, then fades off.
22) 11) dialog: Fuck everything.... He reaches up for the chair and from the back of it he pu shotgun.
23) 28) dialog: Who sits in his chair, a shotgun in each hand, eyes wide. than they.
23) 32) dialog: You've seen that fucking thing? WREN (suspiciously) Where were you?
23) 33) dialog: I was down by -- what do you mean? I was in maintenance, your oxidation systems.
23) 68) dialog: They never check the chair... He pulls out a grenade launcher.  It's so compact it's al cradled one handed like an uzi.
23) 69) dialog: Call. She looks around and he tosses it to her.  The gesture is acconmpanied by any show of warmth.
23) 70) dialog: Try not to shoot your foot off.
23) 75) dialog: So did I.
23) 83) dialog: This ship has stealthrun, even if we were moving there's could feel it. CALL  She's right. Call is working the computer now.
24) 14) dialog: It's a bad risk.
24) 16) dialog: I thought you came here to stop them from spreading. CALL (to Wren, torn) Isn't there a process, can't you stop it?
24) 30) dialog: Ease off, people. CHRISTIE (to Purvis, herding him along) Come with us.  You might even live.  Get twitchy on me an shot. They move out.
26) 23) dialog: Hey, guys!
26) 30) dialog: There's too many, and we don't have the angle.
26) 46) dialog: That's how they knew it was a trap.  They couldn't smell RIPLEY (looking at Call) So I gave them some. JOHNER (gleefully) Son of a bitch! He pops up and FIRES at the frozen aliens - - they EXPLOD fragments.
26) 70) dialog: I know.
26) 72) dialog: Just like old times...
26) 75) dialog: The cooling tanks.  They must have blown during the troub
26) 88) dialog: Oh yeah.
26) 101) dialog: Christie, do me a favor.  When we hit the surface on the no backstroke.  Okay? CHRISTIE (laughing) You'll be forever blowing bubbles. On three... He counts down, the two suck in enormous breaths -- and d behind Call and Ripley. One by one the entire crew slips down into the black wate
26) 103) text: Just BREAKS the surface, she takes in a huge GASP of air, CLAMPS DOWN ON HER. Ripley goes back under, pulling at the thing as others br surface. Wren comes up and a hugger LEAPS right at him ,but Call n four shots. Christie and Vriess break surface and both begin FIRING, in a circular sweep. They decimate a number of eggs
26) 112) dialog: Let's get the fuck! Di Stephano sputters back to life.  Ripley picks him up w HILLARD (to Wren) Which way?
26) 124) dialog: 
26) 127) dialog: It's on us! Christie turns, aims -- Vriess grabs the ladder as Christ the alien is too close, it grabs Christie, spurting blood He SCREAMS, lets go of the ladder Vriess takes the weight of both as Christie fires again, flying off  and down the shaft.
26) 137) dialog: We're coming... Johner scrambles down next to Vriess. he checks the pulse in Christie's neck. Vriess, man... he's dead. Refusing to hear it, Vriess struggles to climb further.
26) 138) dialog: We'll get him to medlab... just a little while ... Johner looks over at Hillard.  Without saying a word, she good-sized hunting  knife, flicks it open. She slices through the cord holding them together, and Ch falls free. Vriess shuts his eyes, feeling it.  ANGLE: DOWN THE SHAFT There is silence as Christie's body drops down the black Until, from up the shaft next to where he fell, we see tw COMING UP.
26) 155) dialog: Baby, am I glad to see you.  I thought dickbag took you o Are you, hurt?
26) 167) dialog: Call .... CALL (bitterly) Yes.
26) 170) dialog: Oh yeah.  Overrode their own behavioral inhibitors.  Didn being told what to do. The government ordered a recall.  Fucking massacre.
26) 173) dialog: Let me see. Call pulls away.
26) 183) dialog: It's a good point.
26) 187) dialog: Yeah, but no torch.
26) 190) dialog: What about Wren? if he gets in the computer he can really around.
26) 199) dialog: Shit, that's right.  Any of the new model droids can acce mainframe.
26) 204) dialog: You can still patch in manually. You know that. Call looks over at the group, staring at her.  She knows have a choice.
27) 5) dialog: Unauthorized?
28) 10) dialog: Beats walking. He hauls himself up-into it. Everybody piles onto the bac a foot or so off the ground and just big enough to hold e Vriess, Call and Ripley, who pushes into the driver's sea
28) 11) dialog: Quickly and quietly, people. Ripley stares unconprehendingly at the controls for a mom flips on the ignition.
29) 0) text: Where windows running along either side look out onto bla Ripley drives as far as she can, till a staircase -- goin vision, too steep for the jeep.  She SLAMS on brakes. the jeep spinning out a halt. The crew piles out, Di Stephano grabbing Vriess.  At the the hall, the aliens can be seen approaching. The crew BLASTS at them, the aliens, blood splattering th
30) 15) dialog: I'll need Call to patch in to the ship again, open the ha
31) 0) text: and head for the cockpit.  DiStephano deposits Vriess in
35) 1) dialog: Something's on us!
40) 1) dialog: Look out!
41) 9) dialog: Vector control's fucked! we gotta put down!
41) 17) dialog: One of them. Johner looks at the image, realizes how masive the newbor Awed fear creeps into his voice: 
41) 19) dialog: Goddamnit, Call! Johner grabs her, practically throws her at the monitor.
41) 22) text: Pushes Johner aside as she makes for the hatch release se ANGLE: VRIESS. Desperately pulling up as wooded, snowy mountains zoom da close below.
42) 1) dialog: Call!  NOW! Call and Ripley head into the cockpit.Johner continues lo vidscreen at the beast.
42) 2) dialog: We can't to do a vertical setdown! Braking systems are sh
42) 5) dialog: Johner, strap in!  We're coming down hard! ANGLE:     -BETTY  Approaches the rough, wooded terrain, trees.  Hits a relatively clear patch, touches down -- bo and then down again
42) 12) dialog: Kill thrust! Now! Call does.
42) 19) dialog: No, it's waiting for us to come out! Can we fly?
42) 20) dialog: We can't fucking crawl!
42) 26) dialog: Call
43) 0) text: The four of them sit by the huge camp-fire, watching the Vriess tosses 'Christie a bottle of whiskey.
43) 2) dialog: Well, it looks like she's finally giving it up.
43) 5) dialog: Well, we're on Earth, for Chrissake. Plenty of places to