8) 5) text: Dewey's obviously gotten a lot colder since the last film clique of STAB 3'S MAIN CAST: There's: SARAH DARLING: 30, playing a 25 year old bimbo. Very hot. cleavage. ANGELINA TYLER: 20. Extremely nadve looking. She won her playing Sidney through a phone in radio contest. She's ti hair. Out of the entire cast, she is the closet to Sidney And also the loveable TYSON JACKSON: late 20's, African-American, all attitude. The three flip through pages of the STAB 3 script, conver production.
8) 8) dialog: I think Jeff Bridges is getting tired.
8) 10) dialog: Oh that's right. Those poor poor people. God Ben Damon was such a hottie.
8) 16) dialog: There's always someone out there stalking actors. Look at that woman from the Commish.
8) 18) dialog: No, the other one. The one who played his wife. 
8) 20) dialog: Yeah I think. Anyway, point is, she had a stalker. Sonny Bono had a stalker. David Letterman had one too. So did Heather Langenkamp, Brooke Sheilds, Jody Foster, --
8) 22) text: Tom walks into frame, sits down next to Angelina, subtly around her. She shoves him away.
8) 24) text: Totally repulsed, Angelina gets up, races off set.
8) 29) text: Sarah, following suit laid by Angelina, scampers off set. Tyson, smoke blowing out his nostrils.
30) 9) text: A teary-eyed Angelina Tyler rises up from the couch, appr
30) 10) dialog: (crying) What are you talking about? Because of this shit I'll probably never  act in a Hollywood film again.
30) 11) text: Tom throws his arm around Angelina, squeezes her tightly.
30) 13) text: Angelina squeals in disgust, elbows Tom, racing out of th follows after her.
31) 0) text: Tom walks out into the darkness, looks around. Angelina's
32) 3) text: Tom stops in his tracks. He looks down. Lying in a pool o is ANGELINA TYLER! Tom screams, staggers backwards right
33) 19) text: Dewey throws open the door. ANGELINA'S CORPSE drops into SYMPHONY OF SCREAMS.
65) 12) text: THE GHOST winds back, launches the knife. It swirls throu embedding into Dewey's arm, launching him back through th screams. Dewey's unconscious again. The GHOST races for t screams, kicks it closed. Locking and bolting it again. A around -- A BODY rolls down the staircase, covered in blood. It com Sidney's feet, an unmoving, rumpled figure. IT'S ANGELINA TYLER. She's been brutally stabbed.
65) 14) text: BUT ANGELINA'S EYES OPEN. A SICK RICTUS SMILE FORMING on out a gun, aims it at Sidney's face.
65) 15) dialog: Time to sort things out. Whatta you say?
66) 0) text: Angelina walks Sidney into the living room at gunpoint. G and tossed onto the couch.
66) 3) dialog: No. Not all of it. Sid, someone really   wants to meet you.  
66) 4) text: Sid tries to run, Angelina trains the gun on her. Causing tracks.
66) 5) dialog: Uh-un Sid. You're not gonna run off. Not now.
66) 15) dialog: That's me Sid. I always idolized you. You were always my hero. That's why I'm here Sidney.  I wanted to make you proud.
66) 27) dialog: (screaming) Roman make her stop! Make her stop baby she's freaking me out!
66) 33) text: Gale barrels into Angelina, tackling her into the coffee a chance to move. Angelina struggles to raise her knife.
66) 46) text: Gale releases, leaps up, she pushes the TV set down onto Angelina screams, her body trembling from the electric sh voltage. SID and DEWEY stand in the doorway, breathless. Gale appr Dewey embrace tightly. ANGELINA's twitching corpse goes limp. SIDNEY, spots a gun on the mantle. She grabs it, cocks it
66) 50) text: THEN A HORRIFYING SCREAM rips through the air. ANGELINA comes racing out of the living room, face a blac mess. Everyone screams, one epic last scream. Sid raises hitting Angelina dead center between the eyes, sending a brain matter onto the wall behind her.