8) 54) text: Jennifer Jolie, an ambitious young starlet, playing GALE rushes towards her, with arms wide open. She's decked out green ensemble Gale wore in the first film and even sport her right eye. Gale is obviously pissed. She knows this a really want to be in her company very long. Gale Shit. Jennifer Listen, I know we've never met, and  I don't mind you never returning my calls,  but I have to tell you that after two films  I feel like I am in your mind. Gale Well, that would explain my constant headaches.   Jennifer (defensively) You know I'm sorry that things didn't work out  on '60 Minutes II', but 'Total Entertainment'  that's a pretty good fall back. Gale Thank you.  I'm sorry that things didn't work out  with Brad Pitt, but being single, that's a pretty  good fall back. Jennifer Gives me more time for my work.   After all, Gale Weathers, you're such a complex  character. Gale And to be played by an actress with such  depth and range.  
8) 57) dialog: (excitedly) DEWEY!
8) 58) text: Gale stares at the couple, just processing things in her Jennifer  (fondles Dewey's butt) Gale, I think you'll really appreciate  my character work in this one, someone's  helped me understand the real you. Gale Someone? Jennifer The ruthless ambition, your private  self-loathing, and that lost and lonely  little girl inside. Gale Lost and lonely what? Jennifer You heard me.  (takes Dewey's cellular)  Thanks Dewey.  I'll return it. Gale Lost and lonely what? Dewey Little girl inside. Gale I thought you were supposed to be in  Woodsboro! Dewey Well, I'm surprised you thought about me  at all.  Listen I gotta get back to  trying to get hold of Sid. Besides, she's more important than you ever were. Gale Wait! Dewey we can work on this together! As a team! Like in the past! Dewey No really Gale, that's a sweet offer, but this time I'd like to catch the killer before  the body count gets any higher. (a beat) Toodles.
30) 0) text: Gale and Tom enter. Jennifer is crying hysterically in De Gale, looks up with anger written all over her gaudy, ove make-up running in a comical, almost homage to Mimi on th
30) 1) dialog: You! How can I ever get any fame playing you!
30) 3) dialog: God damn you Gale Weathers!  Don't you see? The killer is choosing  his  victims as they die in the script! Ben Damon's character was the first one to get offed. So was his girlfriend - but she wasn't cast yet so  his real girlfriend was killed - then Sarah Darling's  Candy, and now me!
30) 7) dialog: I know right. It was kinda weak. That's cause Will Kennison only wrote  a rough treatment of it. The script was written by some new guy.  He wrote Arlington Street.
33) 0) text: Jennifer, Gale, and Dewey are pacing around nervously.
33) 1) dialog: Shit! Where the hell are Tom and Angelina?
33) 4) dialog: What about her?
33) 7) dialog: What if it's the killer?
33) 9) text: Jennifer sticks her tongue out at Gale. Dewey reaches int away under his jacket, drawing up his 9mm.
33) 13) dialog: Do you smell something?
33) 21) text: Dewey, Gale, and Jennifer race for the French doors in th outside to the pool and backyard. A PHONE RINGS somewhere
33) 23) dialog: Oh shit it's my cell!
33) 25) text: Jennifer answers her cellular.
33) 26) dialog: (into phone) Hello?
33) 28) dialog: It's him! It's the killer!
33) 29) text: Gale rips the phone out of Jennifer's hands.
33) 31) dialog: What's your favorite scary movie Gale?
33) 35) dialog: God damn it you two! Run! Hurry! He's dead!
33) 38) text: Dewey turns Gale towards the patio door. A noise O.S. Dew around -- THE GHOST IS GONE. Dewey looks to the patio door. SO IS JENNIFER.
33) 42) text: The ghost barrels out from under the couch, knife raised. kicks a chair out in the Ghost's path. The ghost trips, g the chair, coming smashing down onto the floor, knife bur hardwood. Dewey and Gale run for the patio when suddenly JENNIFER comes dodging out of the kitchen wielding a butc
33) 43) dialog: (screaming) DIE MOTHER FUCKER! DIE! DIE! DIE!
33) 44) text: Jennifer slips on something, goes backflipping to the gro Helps her up.
33) 46) text: THE GHOST comes to life, grabbing a lighter off an end ta trail of gasoline, running from the floor to the kitchen Jennifer mentioned earlier and what she slipped on second trail lunges towards the two women. They scream.
34) 0) text: Jennifer, Gale, and Dewey take off out the patio doors wh THE WINDOWS BLOW OUT! THE ROOF SPLINTERS. A HUGE CONFLAGRATION! The three dive into the swimming po down onto the Earth.
41) 0) text: Gale's banging on the door trying to gain access. Nobody the card lock and the sign reading  'AUTHORIZED PERSONAL Since when has this ever stopped her before. She reaches pulling out a couple of credit cards, a video store card, in the lock. NOTHING. A hand reaches down, grabs Gale from behind. She lets out scream. It's only JENNIFER.
41) 1) dialog: Geez.
41) 3) dialog: Being Gale Weathers.  What the hell are you doing?
41) 5) dialog: Here's how I see it.  I've got no house, no movie,  no gun, and I'm being stalked.  Because someone wants  to kill me?  No, because someone wants to kill you.   So now, starting now, I go where you go.  That way,  if someone wants to kill me, I'll be with you, and  since they really want to kill you, they won't  kill me, they'll kill you.  Make sense? 
41) 7) dialog: You know in the movies, I play you as being much smarter.
41) 9) dialog: That's funny.
41) 11) dialog: Need to get in that building?
41) 13) dialog: There a story in that building?
41) 15) dialog: (flashing a Sunrise Studios Key Card) Gale Weathers would find a way.  (she swipes and opens the door)
41) 16) text: Jennifer opens the door, steps in first. Gale follows, do behind them with a loud CLACK.
42) 1) dialog: Basements creep me out.
42) 3) dialog: Look who's talking Moneybags. You got more homes than I do.
42) 5) dialog: (underbreath) Bitch.
43) 0) text: BIANCA BERNADETTE, an aging, former actress in her late f fifties, sits behind a desk doing paperwork. Sensing someone else's presence she stops what she is doi Gale and Jennifer.
43) 13) dialog: Twenty dollars? Who are you Nancy Drew?
43) 14) text: Jennifer turns to Bianca, slides off her ring. She slams desk. It's absolutely stunning.
43) 15) dialog: Go ahead. It's worth three grand easy. (to Gale) My Gale Weather's will stop at nothing to get the story.
44) 4) dialog: (smiling) Rina Reynolds. What a stage name.
44) 9) dialog: (together) What?
47) 13) text: Dewey and Sidney turn around to see an excited Jennifer frame.
47) 18) dialog: We've found out where she went.
47) 22) dialog: Sidney, what happened?
47) 31) dialog: (together) Agreed.
48) 2) text: Milton hangs up as Gale, Jennifer, and Dewey barge intohi
48) 6) dialog: Rina Reynolds.
48) 9) dialog: Good twist.
48) 14) dialog: Oh, Come on!  You have made millions off the story  of her murder.  You're obsessed with HER and  you're obsessed with her DAUGHTER!  
50) 0) text: Milton steps out of his office into his reception area. the night. Milton starts out of the office, disappears.  CLOSE ON A COAT CLOSET. The door creaks open. Gale, Jennifer, and Dewey emerge fr Jennifer is gagging.
50) 1) dialog: Oh God Gale, Dewey was right. Stop getting so nervous and you might stop causing me to gag!
50) 3) text: Jennifer's quiet.
50) 4) dialog: I think Milton's the killer. I think he just went out to kill another cast member.
50) 6) dialog: Rob Reiner and Quentin Tarentino?
52) 6) text: JENNIFER, chimes in. Clearly annoyed.
52) 7) dialog: Excuse me Gale! What the hell    do you think you're doing?
52) 13) dialog: What? What'd you find?
52) 17) dialog: (nervously) Guys! I got a bad feeling.
52) 19) dialog: Guys there's someone else in the fucking room!
52) 21) text: Dewey and Gale look up and scream as -- THE GHOST rushes out of the shadows. Jennifer bolts for t jams his knife in her back. She lets out a blood curdling to the floor motionless. GALE and DEWEY share a terrified wipes his blade clean, lunges for them.