38) 16) dialog: Told you I'd make a movie someday, huh?
39) 2) dialog: Well, if you're watching this tape, it means  as I feared, I did not survive these killings  here at Windsor College.   Anyway, the reason  I am here is to help you, so that my death  will not be in vain.  That my life's work, will  help save some other poor soul from getting mutilated.   If this killer does come back, and he's for real,  there are a few things that you gotta remember.   Is this simply another sequel?  Well, if it is, same  rules apply.  But, here's the critical thing.  If you  find yourself dealing with an unexpected backstory,  and a preponderance of exposition,  then the sequel  rules do not apply.  Because you are not dealing  with a sequel, you are dealing with the concluding  chapter of a trilogy.
39) 4) dialog: That's right.  It's a rarity in the horror field,  but it does exist, and it's a force to be reckoned  with, because true trilogies are all about going back  to the beginning and discovering something that wasn't  true from the get go.  'Godfather', 'Jedi', all revealed  something that we thought was true, that wasn't true.   S if it is a trilogy you are dealing with, here are some  super trilogy rules.   One, you got a killer who's gonna super human.  Stabbing him won't work, shooting him  won't work, basically in the third one, you gotta  cryogenically freeze his head, decapitate him, or blow hi up.   Number two; anyone including the main character can die.  This means you, Sid.  I'm sorry, it's the final  chapter.  It can be fuckin  'Reservoir Dogs' by the  time this thing is through.  Number three; the past  will come back to bite you in the ass!  Whatever you  think you know about the past, forget it.  The past is  not at rest, any sins you think were committed in  the past are about to break out and destroy you. NUMBER  FOUR,Never, ever under any circumstances go running off  by yourself, cause if Friday the 13th has taught us  anything, it's that the next time we're gonna see you,  you're gonna have a fence post jutting out from your  back. So in closing, let me say good luck, God Speed,  and for some of you, I'll see you soon, cause the rules  say, some of you ain't gonna make it.  I didn't, not  if you're watching this tape. 