2) 46) text: *NOTE: At this point we intercut shots of the empty lobby PLAZA THEATER. A POV shot standing outside the LADIES ROO
3) 0) text: Ben comes screeching around the corner in his FORD EXPLOR Sparks flying. The HOLLYWOOD sign stands like an impendin awaiting b.g.
6) 9) text: Detective Kincaid reaches into his back pocket, pulls up in a ziplock evidence bag. He holds the bag up For Gale t EXTREMELY CLOSE on the ARTICLE . . . "MAUREEN PRESCOTT, M BRUTALLY RAPED AND MURDERED IN BEDROOM". A b/w photo of S Maureen stands hauntingly before the camera.
8) 0) text: A huge replication of Woodsboro in a building about the s hanger.  In one corner we've got the Macher and Prescott corner stands the infamous Becker house where the nightma other regions are sights like the Town Square and Market, Woodsboro Police Station,  A TOP STORY news van, etc. DEWEY, Enters set, bumping into his movie alter-ego -- TOM PRINZE, a Hollywood poster boy. Very cool. Not so deb of Dewey at best. However, the conversation between the t they exchange greetings.
8) 37) text: GALE looks up. DEWEY stands beside her.
8) 54) text: Jennifer Jolie, an ambitious young starlet, playing GALE rushes towards her, with arms wide open. She's decked out green ensemble Gale wore in the first film and even sport her right eye. Gale is obviously pissed. She knows this a really want to be in her company very long. Gale Shit. Jennifer Listen, I know we've never met, and  I don't mind you never returning my calls,  but I have to tell you that after two films  I feel like I am in your mind. Gale Well, that would explain my constant headaches.   Jennifer (defensively) You know I'm sorry that things didn't work out  on '60 Minutes II', but 'Total Entertainment'  that's a pretty good fall back. Gale Thank you.  I'm sorry that things didn't work out  with Brad Pitt, but being single, that's a pretty  good fall back. Jennifer Gives me more time for my work.   After all, Gale Weathers, you're such a complex  character. Gale And to be played by an actress with such  depth and range.  
8) 58) text: Gale stares at the couple, just processing things in her Jennifer  (fondles Dewey's butt) Gale, I think you'll really appreciate  my character work in this one, someone's  helped me understand the real you. Gale Someone? Jennifer The ruthless ambition, your private  self-loathing, and that lost and lonely  little girl inside. Gale Lost and lonely what? Jennifer You heard me.  (takes Dewey's cellular)  Thanks Dewey.  I'll return it. Gale Lost and lonely what? Dewey Little girl inside. Gale I thought you were supposed to be in  Woodsboro! Dewey Well, I'm surprised you thought about me  at all.  Listen I gotta get back to  trying to get hold of Sid. Besides, she's more important than you ever were. Gale Wait! Dewey we can work on this together! As a team! Like in the past! Dewey No really Gale, that's a sweet offer, but this time I'd like to catch the killer before  the body count gets any higher. (a beat) Toodles.
15) 0) text: Sarah steps into the office. It's desolate. Silent. All o promotional items (standees, posters, banners) for STABS big cardboard GHOST.
15) 8) text: Stan, a bearded, middle aged make-up effects guy steps ou him a high-five.
15) 9) dialog: Thank you. Thank you very much.
15) 15) dialog: (jokingly) Yeah I bet.
15) 16) text: Stan pantomimes the "blow job" gesture. Tyson laughs, sla five. Sarah makes a disgusted face as the two men leave t sighs, ducks into Roman's office.
20) 5) text: The ghost drives his knife into Sarah's chest, once, twic final killing blow to her Adam's apple. She staggers forw her by her long buxom hair, and hucks her into a glass do THE DOOR EXPLODES, SARAH'S BODY falling through, shards o her back. THE KILLER, stands in the shattered doorway, bloody knife resonates in the b.g. The killer wipes his knife clean, r A NICE PSYCHO-ESQUE close up of the dead Sarah's eye as B pupil.
27) 0) text: GALE AND DEWEY stand, gazing through the two-way mirror. They watch nervously.
28) 0) text: The wind rushes past the camera. A huge panoramic view of hangs in the sky. A coyote howls in the near distance.
45) 0) text: Sidney stands beside Dewey and Detective Wallace.
46) 0) text: Sidney stands at the sink washing her face. She shuts off for a paper towel when suddenly, something catches her ea man's whisperedher name 'Siiiiiddney'. Sid turns around, bathroom.
49) 0) text: Kincaid stands at his desk trying to put the pieces of th Sidney's seated beside him, staring at a stack of books o SELLING YOUR WORK IN HOLLYWOOD'.
56) 16) text: Sidney stands up, goes into an inner office, Wallace's.
65) 8) text: Dewey unlocks the front door, swings it open. STANDING across the set is THE GHOST, knife raised.
66) 46) text: Gale releases, leaps up, she pushes the TV set down onto Angelina screams, her body trembling from the electric sh voltage. SID and DEWEY stand in the doorway, breathless. Gale appr Dewey embrace tightly. ANGELINA's twitching corpse goes limp. SIDNEY, spots a gun on the mantle. She grabs it, cocks it