5) 13) text: Roman smiles. The true costumed horror film buffs in the applause. Gale, somewhat distracted, other what not carin rate director has to say, gazes at a costumed individual the set, watching from a half-open exit door. Now it coul imagination running away with her and her atmosphere but if the figure is pantomiming slitting his throat with a g A LOUD BUZZING O.S.  Gale is startled out of her skin. Sh hanging over the stage. THE WORD "COMMERCIAL BREAK" is il red light. Gale sighs, looks back to the exit. The GHOST Roman.
8) 0) text: A huge replication of Woodsboro in a building about the s hanger.  In one corner we've got the Macher and Prescott corner stands the infamous Becker house where the nightma other regions are sights like the Town Square and Market, Woodsboro Police Station,  A TOP STORY news van, etc. DEWEY, Enters set, bumping into his movie alter-ego -- TOM PRINZE, a Hollywood poster boy. Very cool. Not so deb of Dewey at best. However, the conversation between the t they exchange greetings.
8) 1) dialog: Hey Dew, did you hear?
8) 3) dialog: Somebody iced Ben Damon and his girlfriend.
8) 22) text: Tom walks into frame, sits down next to Angelina, subtly around her. She shoves him away.
8) 23) dialog: What? What'd I do? Relax your crack sweetheart I didn't rip those two fucks up last night. Jeez. (lights up a smoke) So what are you doing tonight?
8) 25) dialog: Talk about moody.
8) 26) text: Tom leans back seductively, his crotch in full view, star bedroom eyes.
8) 27) dialog: And how about you good looking? Got any plans for later?
8) 31) text: Tyson races off set. Tom laughs, covers his face.
15) 16) text: Stan pantomimes the "blow job" gesture. Tyson laughs, sla five. Sarah makes a disgusted face as the two men leave t sighs, ducks into Roman's office.
25) 11) text: Gale smiles. DETECTIVE TOM WALLACE, Kincaid's cohort and late thirties. Family man. Wallaceenters frame with a fol
29) 7) text: Dewey shakes his head in disgust, disappears into the hou shut off her car. From out of the bushes lunges -- TOM PRINZE, loaded off his ass, still holding a half-fill WALKER BLACK LABEL SCOTCH in his hand.
29) 8) dialog: Gale Weathers. What a surprise.
29) 10) dialog: Hey I really liked that piece you did on me last month. The one where you said my car accident was caused by me drinking and drugs, and how I faked the tire blow-out just so my insurance wouldn't sky rocket.
29) 12) dialog: Really, cause that stunt lost me the lead role in Roman Polanski's latest picture. Huh, what a coincide I was picked up by Roman Bridger. Well, not exactly the Roman I wanted. Get my point? STAB 3 is bullshit. Fuck, because of your big mouth I'm here, drinking piss water SCOTCH with Second rate fucking celebrities like Jennifer Jollie and yourself! (a beat, subtle) Hey, I just got an idea. Maybe I should Have a look at your break line. That your car over there?
29) 13) text: Gale pushes Tom's chest. Stopping him.
29) 15) dialog: (laughs) You mean what's left of us. (tosses empty bottle aside) Yeah I'm running on empty anyways. Gotta refuel.
29) 16) text: Tom and Gale walk into the house. Something stirs in the
30) 0) text: Gale and Tom enter. Jennifer is crying hysterically in De Gale, looks up with anger written all over her gaudy, ove make-up running in a comical, almost homage to Mimi on th
30) 11) text: Tom throws his arm around Angelina, squeezes her tightly.
30) 12) dialog: Hey good looking, if you play your cards right,  I may be able to sit you down on my casting couch  and try you out for a few films my  production  company is working on. (a beat) How do you feel about a DEEP THROAT remake?
30) 13) text: Angelina squeals in disgust, elbows Tom, racing out of th follows after her.
30) 14) dialog: I'll be right back.
31) 0) text: Tom walks out into the darkness, looks around. Angelina's
31) 1) dialog: (calling out) Angelina! Hey! Where the hell are you? I was only playing! Hey look, I can really get you a bit part! Just come on out! Ok? (pauses) Damn it. There goes my chances of getting some head from her.
31) 2) text: Tom whips out a joint, pops it in his mouth. He lights it side of the house. A noise catches his attention.   A low
31) 3) dialog: Aaaangelina?
31) 4) text: Tom turns to a guest house. The door is half open, darkne smirks, steps inside.
32) 0) text: The entire small interior of the GUEST HOUSE / DEWEY'S LI BLACKENED BY THE NIGHT. Tom cockily waltzes about, not no black shadows peeling off the wall.
32) 2) dialog: Angelina?
32) 3) text: Tom stops in his tracks. He looks down. Lying in a pool o is ANGELINA TYLER! Tom screams, staggers backwards right
32) 5) dialog: You fucker!
32) 6) text: The GHOST slashes open Tom's arm. Tom screams, backs up i ghost grabs him by the throat, begins choking him mid-air lift him off his feet, angling the knife, readying to mak gags. He can't even scream, the killer's crushing his voi trickle of blood down his lips.
32) 7) dialog: (gagging) Fucker!
32) 8) text: THE GHOST brings the knife down, piercing Tom's heart, pi closet. Tom kicks around for a moment before finally goin steps back, admiring his work.