1) 0) text: Chris glances around to door jam. Trying to decide what t THWACK! One of the knights in the courtyard falls face fi into a muddy puddle. An arrow sticks through his chain ma into his back. .
1) 2) dialog: (looking up) It’s Marek. The second knight turns around to see Marek in the window firing an arrow at him. He runs for cover. Chris, the Professor, Kate, and Gordon rush out of the do Chris and Gordon carry swords. The Professor and Kate hav spray bottles and fire cubes ready.
1) 3) dialog: Andre! Chris tosses Marek’s pouch up to him. INT. OLIVER‘S ROOM -- DAY Marek grabs the pouch in mid air. Gives a little good luc salute to Chris and turns back to Claire. She has cut the entire top sheet into strips. The oak door is splitting apart.
2) 0) text: Chris sprays a guard in the face with the knockout gas. T guard swings his sword wildly, then falls over. Kate, Chris, the Professor, and Gordon run through the fr and toward a fallow field next to the small village.
3) 0) text: Chris, Kate and the Professor race toward the open field. Soldiers are a few seconds behind them. Two knights on ho emerge from the manor house. Gordon is way ahead of the others. And he’s not looking b He’s almost at the field. A few more feet. A few more-- He's there. He hits the button on his marker-- --and bears an annoving beep like vour computer makes whe pur_inia command it won't accept. He looks down at the marker. Hits the call button again. BEEP-- A little red light flashes through the white ceram
3) 14) dialog: Doesn’t matter. Right now we have to hide.
3) 16) dialog: (pointing) Forest.
7) 0) text: Chris and Kate race through the forest.
9) 0) text: 10/5/00 Kate is hyperventilating. Chris is holding her tight, aga her chest, calming her.
9) 1) dialog: Shh... Shh... It’s okay. It's going to be okay... They are hidden in dense underbrush.
9) 3) dialog: They'll fix the machines. (beat, then firm) Listen to me. We're going to get out of here.
9) 5) dialog: Your first book -- the one that’s going to get you tenure.
9) 7) dialog: That’s what's going to get us out of here.
36) 0) text: Inside the cloisters. Kate and Chris stand alone. Waiting something...or someone. Kate watches the shadows...
36) 2) dialog: (checking countdown clock) Fifty-seven minutes.
36) 13) text: Arnaut stands with Kate and Chris. The abbot is also with
36) 15) dialog: It’s no fiction, my lord. A passageway exists.. And we can help you find it. But you must first make a promise. The abbot tells me you are aman of your word.
36) 18) dialog: Our friends are captives inside the castle. We wish you to guarantee their safety.
38) 0) text: Arnaut, Chris, Kate, the abbot, and Arnaut’s aide-de-camp
38) 6) dialog: Our master, the scholar Edward de Johnes, knows of its existence from documents he has examined. Arnaut considers their claim. WHOOSH! FUMP.
42) 0) text: Kate and Chris crouch with one of the monks. She is exami diagrams of the monastery. Arnaut’s knight, Thierry, and others are nearby.
46) 0) text: Kate and Chris stand near a crypt. The graveyard is right the edge of the monastery living quarters.
48) 0) text: Arnaut looks into a long, dark, underground passageway. S arches every few feet. Wood beams to support the roof. Arnaut turns and we see the smile on his face. He nods respectfully at Kate and Chris. Then he turns to his knights. And he’s all business. He b out orders in rapid-fire French.
51) 0) text: A stream of French knights rush through the secret passag heading to the rescue. Right behind them are Chris and Ka The man-made tunnel gives way to a narrow cave. Stalactit protrude from the ceiling.
53) 0) text: The French knights swear loudly (in French). A pile of bo and crushed rock blocks their way-- 10/25/00 110. ANGLE ON Kate and Chris. Their worry-lined faces. They lo each other. Chris checks his countdown clock. i_minutes 35 seconds. 3 33...
61) 0) text: Chris and Kate aid the French knights in removing the las boulders that blocked their way. The group rushes forward into another cave.
67) 0) text: Kate and Chris enter the courtyard behind a phalanx of Fr knights. The battle rages everywhere around them.
68) 0) text: Chris and Kate crouch down with the Professor. Kate looks her countdown clock.
68) 2) dialog: Where‘’s Marek? The Professor points to--
70) 1) dialog: Jesus.
70) 3) dialog: That's how we get out. Chris points at the siege tower leaning against the south French troops are pouring in through it. .
74) 0) text: Chris leads Kate and the Professor up toward the south wa battlements, where the siege tower is located. Their esca route.
77) 3) text: Three English archers are holed up atop a nearby guard to They turn their attention from Chris and Kate back to the siege tower. But before they can get another volley of ar French soldiers scale the guard tower and strike them dow
78) 3) dialog: (re: countdown clock) Three minutes. We have to make a decision right now!
78) 5) text: Nat or 10/25/00 120. Chris looks at the siege tower. Then at Marek. He waves f them to leave. .
79) 0) text: De Kere swings his ax back and forth, forcing Marek back a wall. Marek looks over the edge. The moat is six stories beneat and filled with spikes. He looks at Lady Claire, whose ar still tied behind her back. De Kere smiles. Then brings the ax over his head-- No, he doesn't impale himself in the back like Chris had joked.. He brings the ax down with incredible force. Marek tries out of the way--
80) 0) text: Near the French siege tower. Chris, Kate, and the Profess looking over at Marek -- 50 feet away on another wall.
83) 0) text: Chris, Kate, and the Professor clamber out the bottom of siege tower and onto the ground. i seconds...26...25...24... i . It is illuminated only by moonlight, and the flickering fires in the castle behi
84) 0) text: Chris, Kate, and the Professor rush toward open space. DT seconds. ..6...5...4..-3...2.6%
84) 1) dialog: Now! Now! Now! Chris and Kate hit their markers. Their time machines sli into view.
85) 18) dialog: (fighting the pain) I don't know about you guys, but that’s the last field trip I’m going to be taking for a while... Kate and the Professor can‘t help but chuckle. Stern smil Then there is another flash... On the pad Doniger left fr moments ago. Everyone turns to look at it: A shape grows quickly... It takes a moment for us to real it's a person. It's Doniger -- horribly deformed -- hideo Dead. Eyes close. People can't look.