2) 0) text: Chris sprays a guard in the face with the knockout gas. T guard swings his sword wildly, then falls over. Kate, Chris, the Professor, and Gordon run through the fr and toward a fallow field next to the small village.
3) 0) text: Chris, Kate and the Professor race toward the open field. Soldiers are a few seconds behind them. Two knights on ho emerge from the manor house. Gordon is way ahead of the others. And he’s not looking b He’s almost at the field. A few more feet. A few more-- He's there. He hits the button on his marker-- --and bears an annoving beep like vour computer makes whe pur_inia command it won't accept. He looks down at the marker. Hits the call button again. BEEP-- A little red light flashes through the white ceram
7) 0) text: Chris and Kate race through the forest.
9) 0) text: 10/5/00 Kate is hyperventilating. Chris is holding her tight, aga her chest, calming her.
9) 2) dialog: It's not fucking okay. The machines don’t work. We're stuck here.
9) 4) dialog: How?
9) 6) dialog: Huh?
9) 8) dialog: What are you talking about?
36) 0) text: Inside the cloisters. Kate and Chris stand alone. Waiting something...or someone. Kate watches the shadows...
36) 1) dialog: How much time left on the markers?
36) 3) dialog: Jesus. We’re cutting this close. dust then three men come into view, approaching along a d covered stone pathway. They carry swords. These men are warriors. And now we see their faces. They are Axnaut_and his aide- The first man is a monk. But the two men behind him are n Gamp....
36) 13) text: Arnaut stands with Kate and Chris. The abbot is also with
38) 0) text: Arnaut, Chris, Kate, the abbot, and Arnaut’s aide-de-camp
40) 8) dialog: No, my Lord. We wish only to help you.
42) 0) text: Kate and Chris crouch with one of the monks. She is exami diagrams of the monastery. Arnaut’s knight, Thierry, and others are nearby.
42) 1) dialog: Fifteen minutes. Jesus. What we dug up -- the monastery was rebuilt five : or six times since this period. It : was burned to the ground-- Chris and Kate notice the flames leaping from several win They are now part of that history. Kate looks back at the diagrams...
42) 2) dialog: All right, so what? I can do this... Find her hand as it reaches out and clasps Chris’s. Squee tight as if for reassurance. Just then an English knight crashes into the room, swingi morning star. Thierry and the other French knights rush t him.
46) 0) text: Kate and Chris stand near a crypt. The graveyard is right the edge of the monastery living quarters.
46) 1) dialog: I believe the passageway runs under the ground here. That would mean the my entrance is through here... She points at the crypt. ‘The inscription chiseled into t is for a monk who died eighty years ago in the 1200s.
48) 0) text: Arnaut looks into a long, dark, underground passageway. S arches every few feet. Wood beams to support the roof. Arnaut turns and we see the smile on his face. He nods respectfully at Kate and Chris. Then he turns to his knights. And he’s all business. He b out orders in rapid-fire French.
53) 0) text: The French knights swear loudly (in French). A pile of bo and crushed rock blocks their way-- 10/25/00 110. ANGLE ON Kate and Chris. Their worry-lined faces. They lo each other. Chris checks his countdown clock. i_minutes 35 seconds. 3 33...
61) 0) text: Chris and Kate aid the French knights in removing the las boulders that blocked their way. The group rushes forward into another cave.
67) 0) text: Kate and Chris enter the courtyard behind a phalanx of Fr knights. The battle rages everywhere around them.
67) 1) dialog: There he is. Professor! Professor Johnston is crouching down behind a pile of fal stones. He sees them.
68) 0) text: Chris and Kate crouch down with the Professor. Kate looks her countdown clock.
68) 1) dialog: We've got four minutes till the markers expire! We have to get to open space, right now!
70) 2) dialog: Even if we can get Andre, how do get outside the walls fast enough? The draw bridge is up. The battle rages in the courtyard. And along the various parapets and walkways along the high castle walls.
74) 0) text: Chris leads Kate and the Professor up toward the south wa battlements, where the siege tower is located. Their esca route.
77) 3) text: Three English archers are holed up atop a nearby guard to They turn their attention from Chris and Kate back to the siege tower. But before they can get another volley of ar French soldiers scale the guard tower and strike them dow
78) 7) dialog: We can’t leave you here!
80) 0) text: Near the French siege tower. Chris, Kate, and the Profess looking over at Marek -- 50 feet away on another wall.
80) 1) dialog: Oh, Jesus-- She can‘t look. She closes her eyes. But we FOCUS IN on the Professor. On his eyes...- Suddenl look of horror in his eyes is replaced by a sense of wond
81) 3) dialog: Andre! He turns toward Chris, Kate, and the Professor.
81) 5) dialog: Come on! You can make it! We've got two minutes!
81) 7) dialog: Andre!
81) 9) text: I know. (to Kate) Come on. He belongs here.
81) 10) dialog: What!
83) 0) text: Chris, Kate, and the Professor clamber out the bottom of siege tower and onto the ground. i seconds...26...25...24... i . It is illuminated only by moonlight, and the flickering fires in the castle behi
84) 0) text: Chris, Kate, and the Professor rush toward open space. DT seconds. ..6...5...4..-3...2.6%