5) 1) dialog: I don’t know if I can do it.
6) 0) text: Marek “walks down the wall* hand over hand on the rope. Lady Claire’s body is wrapped around him in a death-defyi embrace. The moment is one of extraordinary intimacy, laced with s terror. Of falling. of being hacked to death by Black Plu cur TO:
10) 0) text: Marek and Lady Claire stay low as they make river bank.
10) 2) dialog: If we continue along the river for three miles we will come to my brother's forces. Marek nods. But just ther he hears something... Horses. Galloping. Approaching. Then he sees the knights approaching. Four of them -- led
10) 5) dialog: Yes. But the current is strong.
10) 7) dialog: Sir Andre-- He turns to look where she is pointing. A few hundred yar down the river there is a fortified bridge. A mill is int into the structure. Several water wheels turn underneath bridge. Passing between the wheels could be very dangerou The current is picking up.
10) 8) dialog: What now? Marek stares at the water wheels. At the bridge.
12) 0) text: The river is all white water here. Marek swims directly f of the water wheels. As he reaches it he grabs hold of the spokes, then steps one of the paddles, lifting Lady Claire with him.
13) 0) text: Marek and Lady Claire jump off the water wheel into a sma room. They are dripping wet. She is shivering fiercely. . Marek leads her through a room full of two rows of trip-h clanging loudly onto blacksmiths’ anvils. This is a medie metal shop. What‘s odd is -- there’s no one here. It give place an eerie feel. A sense of foreboding. The banging reverberates loudly off the stone walls. Suddenly a knight jumps out at Marek. Their swords clank together. CLANK. CLANK. CLANK. Marek jumps over a row of hammers and grabs Lady Claire.
15) 2) dialog: (suddenly scared Marek is on the English side) What are you doing?
16) 0) text: Lady Claire hits the water hard. Marek nearly lands on to er... ...and then BOQOOM! The entire bridge explodes!
16) 1) text: Marek and Lady Claire can see the flames through the wate the debris as it splashes down through the surface and si toward them.
17) 0) text: Marek and Lady Claire surface to behold the destroyed bri She is completely flabbergasted. Stunned by what has occu
17) 1) dialog: How did you do it? You work magic, knight.
17) 3) dialog: But there was no fire.
17) 5) dialog: With magic.
17) 16) text: A woman's face slowly comes into focus. It is Lady Claire leaning over us.
17) 17) dialog: Welcome back, Irishman. ‘o Now we move to reveal:
18) 0) text: Marek has just regained consciousness. His left shoulder wrapped with a bloody tourniquet. . Lady Claire is holdin hand, looking into his eyes.
18) 10) dialog: Ten men at least. Perhaps twenty. Marek looks at her, into her eyes. The sounds of a metal door being opened. Everyone stops, listens. Footsteps now, getting closer... A key placed in a lock -- turning. CLANK. And the door to cell swings open. Black Plume stands at the threshold. FIND John Gorden -- his eyes go wide at the sight -- His jaw drops open --
23) 0) text: La Roque is visible atop a high cliff in the distance. Th epitome of a medieval fortress. Massive. Impenetrable. The Professor and Marek sit in chains on a horse drawn ca They look pale, exhausted, on the verge of collapse -- me physical. Marek looks at another cart in front of them. Lady Claire on it, also in chains. They watch each other. Both carts are surrounded by armed men on horseback.
26) 0) text: Oliver watches two horseman gallop across the plateau fro French lines. The lead rider flies a white truce flag. A forms on Oliver's face. Marek and the Professor watch the horsemen too. Oliver turns to Lady Claire.
28) 0) text: Marek and the Professor watch in horror. Thirty feet away from them Lady Claire watches too...
41) 0) text: It is located atop the keep, the strongest part of the ca the final refuge. Dozens of soldiers grind and mix powders on the floor of armory under the supervision of Marek and the Professor. Marek looks through a narrow ‘arrow-loop* window out at t battlements -- out at Lady Claire, who is still chained t near Arnaut.
43) 0) text: Marek is looking out at Lady Claire. De Kere comes up beh him.
54) 0) text: Marek watches as a soldier runs ‘up a stone staircase tow battlements. He is carrying i i Marek looks over at Lady Claire, chained up a few feet aw Lord Oliver.
55) 0) text: Lord Oliver leans in toward Lady Claire as he speaks to h eyes full of hatred and triumph.
56) 0) text: Marek sees what‘s happening. His breath starts coming fas What can he do? How does he stop this? He looks along the parapet walk, the only way out of the Four soldiers stand there to prevent his escape. He looks back at Lady Claire. He hands are tied behind he The noose is around her neck. Now a soldier is tying the end of the rope to an iron ring on the parapet.
57) 0) text: Lord Oliver and Lady Claire.
58) 0) text: Marek is going crazy as he watches: De Kere grabs Lady Claire. Tries to pick her up and slide over the battlements.... But Lady Claire fights him. Wrig from his grasp. Marek looks around frantically. His eyes fall upon a torc which sits just outside one of the armory’s windows. (A translucent pig's bladder is stretched across the window any embers from making their way into the armory.) Marek yells out at the top of his lungs:
59) 0) text: Oliver sees Marek. Just outside the armory. Marek is hold torch. With the flick of his wrist he could destroy the a Lady Claire looks at Marek. Watches him.
66) 7) dialog: Sweet knight...
69) 0) text: Marek and De Kere face each other from about ten paces. No one else is near them, except Lady Claire, who is behi Marek. De Kere hefts his battle ax. Marek draws his sword.
79) 0) text: De Kere swings his ax back and forth, forcing Marek back a wall. Marek looks over the edge. The moat is six stories beneat and filled with spikes. He looks at Lady Claire, whose ar still tied behind her back. De Kere smiles. Then brings the ax over his head-- No, he doesn't impale himself in the back like Chris had joked.. He brings the ax down with incredible force. Marek tries out of the way--
85) 0) text: Marek cuts rope binding Lady Claire’s hands. Just as he does he looks out to see a flash of blinding w ight cut through the blackness of knight. He looks out at the night, then turns back to Claire...