23) 50) dialog: One thousand. I say one thousand.
23) 53) dialog: There he is, the illiterate French pig. On the white horse. In the distance we see Arnaut, on a white horse, at the f his troops.
23) 54) dialog: Hold the bitch up for him to see. FIND Lady Claire in chains nearby. Soldiers yank her up s stairs to the battlements and hold her up so she is visib the plateau.
25) 0) text: Arnaut looks down at a piece of parchment in his hands. T seal is Lord Oliver’s, the rearing English lion prominent Arnaut breaks the seal and reads the short note. gi.
26) 4) dialog: A people that refuses to fight, that insists on deal-striking and concession-making to protect what they om don’t have the spine to put at risk, / such people are destined to be slaves, t would you agree?
27) 4) dialog: (haughty) What is your message? see?
29) 1) dialog: Hold him! Oliver sheathes his sword and grabs an ax from one of the soldiers. .
29) 2) dialog: Hold him still!!! The messenger is screaming. Oliver's soldiers struggle to him down. De Kere puts his foot on the man’s forehead to in place.
31) 1) dialog: Here is my response. Take it to your master.
33) 0) text: Lord Oliver, splattered in the French messenger’s blood, to the Professor and Marek. De Kere is behind him. Oliver looks his two prisoners over...
33) 1) dialog: Shall I remove your heads for your treason this afternoon? Or perhaps I should hang you.
33) 4) dialog: Sir William believes I should spare you. He says that, in exchange for your lives, you will make me gunpowder far superior to that made by my engineers. He says that you have knowledge of Greek Fire and other such weapons... . (beat) Is this true?
33) 6) dialog: You shall have until the sun drops below the horizon. If you.can produce these weapons, by then, you will live. If not, you will die. A WHOOSHING sound is heard. It is getting louder, fast. Oliver spins to see a huge ball of flame coming toward th From this angle it looks as if it has been shot out of th itself. . The flaming sphere careens over their heads and slams ont atop the inner curtain wall. The wood shingle roof bursts into flames. And now we see that the flaming projectile was a dead cow covered in flaming pitch... The Professor stares at it, incredulous...
33) 11) dialog: Why didn't you duck, Irishman?
33) 13) dialog: Make me the weapons by sundown. Or, rest assured, it will be your time.
35) 0) text: Lord Oliver stands atop the battlements with De Kere obse Arnaut’s lines.
35) 1) dialog: Where is he? He always rides up and down the lines trying to rally his cowardly troops. Oliver strains his eyes trying to see. Suddenly he has 4 thought.
35) 2) dialog: Ahh.... I know where the pig has gone. I know....
37) 4) dialog: (excited) Is it Greek Fire?
37) 6) dialog: (suspicious) Is that so? . Show me. The Professor lights his cannon.
37) 12) dialog: Is that all? Where is the fire? Just then, the arrow bursts into a cirele of fire, spitti of flame in all directions. Arnaut’s catapult catches fir
37) 13) dialog: A-ha! Yes! In the distance we see Arnaut’s men run for water.
37) 15) dialog: By God!” I must have a quantity of this. How many men do you require to make enough for every cannon? The Professor looks around at the soldiers on the battlem The more soldiers he can tie up, the easier it will be fo to take the castle.
49) 1) dialog: Prepare for battle! Prepare for battle! The French advance! Fires burn in several locations around La Roque. The wall been battered in dozens of places by Arnaut‘s catapults. Out on the plateau to the west of the castle hundreds of forward. Knights on horseback, archers, foot-soldiers wit foot long pole arms....
49) 2) dialog: Archers to position! Dozens of English archers rush to arrow-loops and other c positions. Out on the plateau, Arnaut’s troops continue to advance. The catapults move behind the men. Still hurling stones. Two six-story high siege towers, each covered with leathe to resist flaming arrows are pushed forward toward La Roq walls. It is an amazing sight -- a spectacle of approaching deat
49) 8) dialog: So, the pig survived our assassins. Well, we shall bleed him on the walls of La Roque then. (beat) Engage! All hell breaks loose as Oliver's archers, with superior range due to their height on the castle walls, fire their salvo. Hundreds of flaming arrows course through the night sky.
50) 4) dialog: The fire of Athenaios, bring it now and we will finish the pig off before he even reaches the walls!
54) 0) text: Marek watches as a soldier runs ‘up a stone staircase tow battlements. He is carrying i i Marek looks over at Lady Claire, chained up a few feet aw Lord Oliver.
55) 0) text: Lord Oliver leans in toward Lady Claire as he speaks to h eyes full of hatred and triumph.
55) 1) dialog: Imagine how demoralizing it will be for your brother to see you there -~- hanging from the battlements, suffocating slowly... Lady Claire looks back at him impassive,.strong.... De Ke the noose and puts it over her head. —
57) 0) text: Lord Oliver and Lady Claire.
57) 5) dialog: The trick is to avoid jerking the rope. You see, that snaps the prisoner's neck. Death comes quickly then. But if you avoid doing that...well...I have personally seen people live for close to an hour...choking slowly...their eyes bulging further and further out of their sockets...
66) 2) dialog: (shouting to his. soldier) Kill her now! Kill her! The soldier draws his sword-- --just as another sword pops through his stomach. The sol looks down at the bloody sword tip. It pops back in. He drops to the ground dead. Behind him is Marek..-
82) 0) text: Lord Arnaut has his sword at Lord Oliver's throat.
82) 2) dialog: I'll never beg mercy from you, you French pig. Arnaut thrusts his sword into Oliver‘’s chest.