1) 0) text: A THREAD of COTTON noses it’s way through the eye of the needle. FANNY BRAWNE aged 18 is SEWING by FIRST LIGHT while her 9 year old sister MARGARET sleeps. Her stitches are confide intricate and fast. The WHITE MUSLIN she is sewing is delicate and fine. The glint of the STEEL NEEDLE as it weaves then pulls, weaves then pulls a trail of perfect stitches.
2) 0) text: MRS BRAWNE 40 enters the KITCHEN dressed to go out. Fanny the MAID CHARLOTTE and little Margaret are all sewing different parts of Fanny’s white muslin dress. Samuel, he 14-year old brother, sits apart munching toast.
2) 2) dialog: No I have not forgot. Can you help Margaret, the stitches must be small and exactly even. Mrs Brawne takes over from her youngest daughter. FANNY (cont’d) What if Mr Brown has already poisoned Mr Keats against me? I shall not be afraid to take them on in wit. If I am in the mood I could lash them both.
2) 4) dialog: He provokes me! Mama it is his game. I must defend myself.
3) 0) text: Fanny finishes some intricate hair arrangement, with the of little Margaret, who passes the pins to her mother who securing them. BLUE PAGES 04/04/08 2.
5) 0) text: Fanny, a vision in white, walks elegantly between her fam out onto Hampstead Heath, past the WASHER WOMEN and a maz WASHING LINES.
6) 0) text: Fanny and her family walk down the Heath between CLOTHES spread out on BUSHES with a distant London beyond. They p a FAMILY evicted from their house with their possessions, BED, WARDROBE and TABLE for sale. The air is SMOKE FILLED from the burning of AUTUMN LEAVES.
6) 6) dialog: I don’t shake hands with an enemy.
6) 8) dialog: You do nothing to me, or for me and that is how I prefer to keep it. Mr Brown holds up his arms in mock wonder, enjoying teasi Fanny as he might a lap dog.
6) 10) dialog: All right, your offence is to my fashion to which I am “so helpless slavish!”
6) 13) dialog: ...“her obsession with flounce and cross stitch?”
6) 15) dialog: I feel the same about your poems Mr Brown, I know nothing of what they mean. In fact, they have the quality of your cigar, they puff, smoke and dissolve leaving nothing but irritation...
6) 17) dialog: Mr Brown sets out to irritate and he is successful, now I set out to demolish and I am only begun.
6) 20) dialog: Oh. Will he have sugar? BLUE PAGES 04/04/08 4.
6) 22) dialog: It is my finding in the business of disturbing you are the expert.
6) 24) dialog: I am praising him!
6) 26) dialog: What now I am restrained because I compliment him too much? I withdraw. Let someone else take Mr Keats’s tea, I want to be left alone to examine the length of my stitches.
6) 35) dialog: You like jokes Mr Keats? I like jokes. I hope we shall play some on each other. Mr Brown I warn you, does not like my jokes, he complains I care for nothing but fashion. Should you like cake? Fanny turns to leave.
6) 37) dialog: I came to bring you tea.
6) 39) dialog: I am not the least interested in your character.
6) 41) dialog: You need a new jacket that is what I would say.
6) 43) dialog: That it should be of velvet.
6) 45) dialog: All that I wear I have designed and sewn myself. Is it not well done? (MORE )
6) 46) text: 10 11 BLUE PAGES 04/04/08 6. FANNY (cont'd) I am often told I am clever to exception about design, I have originated the pleated edge upon the ribbon. It is charming and it has been copied... Mr Brown enters the room and sits at his spot at the WRIT DESK opposite Keats, pushing his chair back to look at Fa
6) 49) dialog: My stitching has more merit and admirers than your two scribbling’s put together.
6) 51) dialog: And I can make money from it.
9) 0) text: Fanny at home in her room sews the tiny pleats of a TRIPL MUSHROOM PLEATED COLLAR. Her needle weaving in and out, t drawing the thread through. Her eyelashes caught in the P WHITE SUN. Standing in her PETTICOAT, she holds the almos complete collar to her neck and checks it’s effect in the glass. She gently tilts her head to the side and points h toe.
10) 0) text: Margaret and Samuel come upstairs and enter Fanny’s bedro Margaret takes off her COAT and sits. Fanny's steel needl pauses.
10) 1) dialog: Unwrap it. Margaret takes the BROWN PAPER from the book. Fanny watch She takes the book in her own hands, turns it over, opens to the title page. Then passes it back to Margaret. FANNY (cont’d) Read it. Her needle weaves in and out of the pleats, drawing it’s thread behind it.
10) 5) dialog: Stop. Margaret stops and looks to Fanny. Fanny stops sewing. FANNY (cont’d) I am completely lost... Fanny takes the book from Margaret. FANNY (cont’d) “...yes, in spite of all, Some shape of beauty moves away the pall From our dark spirits.”
11) 0) text: The ROYAL ARTILLERY MESS at WOOLWICH, a DANCE and Fanny i the centre of it in her new gown. She dances with a studi grace. The effect is elegant yet mannered. In the interval she sights an under dressed Keats sitting back, ignoring the dancers absorbed in his thoughts. Near him Mr Brown and their friend REYNOLDS and his SISTERS ta loudly. Fanny whispers to her younger brother Samuel. Samuel slouches over to Keats.
11) 3) dialog: “A thing of beauty is a joy for ever: Its loveliness increases; it will never Pass into nothingness;” Keats looks surprised.
11) 5) dialog: I wanted to adore it.
11) 7) dialog: I cannot say. BLUE PAGES 04/04/08 9.
11) 9) dialog: Never.
11) 11) dialog: No. I am not at all clever with poetry.
11) 13) dialog: I think hope very useful.
11) 15) dialog: But hope and results are very different. One does not create the other.
11) 17) dialog: Yes it might. I was not always able to stitch so well.
11) 19) dialog: Let me do the sewing, I have such a start. This is the first frock in Woolwich or Hampstead to have a_ triple-pleated-mushroom collar. Keats looks about to realise there is only Fanny, himself their reflection.
11) 21) dialog: My card is completely full; three I have met before and are suitors. Mr Tarrant is scaring me with his talk of estates and his dogs, he has eleven. Maman says it is possible to love almost anybody and I will come to understand that.
11) 23) dialog: Tarrant? Yes, isn’t that a miracle? But you don’t dance Mr Keats. I love to dance.
11) 25) dialog: Your brother is still ill?
11) 27) dialog: I have thought of him often and wish to make him something. Would lemon wafers be agreeable?
11) 29) dialog: My Papa was ill for as long as I can remember. He died when I was still a child. Fanny tears up. She takes out a small WHITE EMBROIDERED HANDKERCHIEF and pats her eyes. The TWO MILITARY MEN spot Fanny and come over. Keats bows and departs while Fanny is led out on to the d floor. She has recovered herself and is dancing with quaintly exaggerated hand movements aimed at affecting a personal stylishness. The Reynolds sisters notice and comically impersonate. Apparently for Keats’s benefit. He is not amused by them or by Fanny but is alone and aliena
12) 0) text: On the kitchen table Fanny and the maid are grating LEMON RIND. Dabbing WAFER MIX onto an OVEN TRAY. Stoking the FIRE. From the cooked wafers Fanny tosses all but the mos perfect onto a rubbish heap. She lines a BASKET with LINE Then pausing, she turns from the table. 16 17 BLUE PAGES 04/04/08 11. Quickly she swoops on Margaret’s frock where she snips a LEMON RIBBON off her neckline and begins to tie it decoratively on the basket.
12) 3) dialog: I am trying to bring some comfort to a dying man. Mrs Brawne picks up one of the discarded wafers from a hu stack.
12) 5) dialog: I cannot offer poor Mr Keats’s brother anything that is not perfect.
12) 7) dialog: Mama, quite well! He may die. I cannot offer him anything but our most beautiful and our best.
13) 0) text: Fanny carries the BASKET of wafers as the THREE young Brawne’s walk up the path to Wentworth House.
14) 0) text: Inside the house they walk down the corridor to Mr Brown’ apartment. Fanny knocks.
14) 2) dialog: It is me, Miss Brawne. I have something to deliver to Mr Keats.
14) 4) dialog: Is Mr Keats not there?
14) 7) dialog: I have something for Mr Keats's brother. Heavy footsteps. Mr Brown opens the door. Fanny holds out basket with a LACE NAPKIN laid over the top. Mr Brown whi off the LACE COVER and pinches a wafer.
14) 9) dialog: You vile, disgusting, ape! A sad Keats turns his head towards Fanny at the door and watches listlessly.
14) 12) dialog: You are invisible to me, you idiot, you...
14) 14) dialog: This room is so poorly cared for. It is half night in here for want of pulling your drapes back. She passes over the wafers. 18 BLUE PAGES 04/04/08 13. FANNY (cont’d) Please try one. I am anxious they will cause him to choke. Keats takes one. Mr Brown puts his hand into the basket Fanny whips it away. FANNY (cont’d) No! They are baked for someone very ill. Try another and I swear I shall bite you.
14) 17) dialog: I am very sorry I could not love your Endymion completely Mr Keats. Perhaps I did not say but I thought the beginning of your poem something very perfect. Fanny turns to go.
14) 19) dialog: There is something sordid and menacing that I don’t at all enjoy in the atmosphere. I am in a hurry to get myself away. I feel I am inside a cage with two monkeys.
14) 21) dialog: How dare you!
15) 0) text: Fanny, Margaret and Samuel walk back fast through the Hea A great GUST of WIND sends the AUTUMN LEAVES spiralling upwards. Keats, flush faced is jogging after them but somewhat behind them. He has Fanny’s basket in his hand. BLUE PAGES 04/04/08 13A.
15) 3) dialog: No we don’t Toots.
15) 5) dialog: Well then, I am going and you will have to come with me. Keats stands at the junction of many tracks.
15) 7) dialog: My eyelashes? Fanny bats her eyelashes and laughs. She walks beside Kea FANNY (cont’d) It amazes me that you can sit opposite Mr Brown all day. I have never heard him say one thing of wit. Not one!
15) 9) dialog: I rate it the highest.
15) 11) dialog: Yes, I do.
15) 13) dialog: No, things that are amusing.
15) 15) dialog: You are making an attack on me.
15) 17) dialog: By attacking myself?
15) 19) dialog: Can we not still appreciate clever humour?
15) 21) dialog: Nothing, nothing at all. EXT. KEATS’S APARTMENT WELL WALK - DAY 19 The three Brawne’s led by Keats, arrive in the COURTYARD his rented apartment in WELL WALK. Keats leads them in.
15) 25) dialog: Shush, or I’1l cut your hair in the night. Keats comes back out looking pale and saddened.
15) 27) dialog: Should I call a nurse?
15) 29) dialog: The wafers.
17) 0) text: Inside Fanny and her family are removing their PELISSES a OVERCOATS with the Dilke’s help when Keats arrives. There are lots of “Good Evenings” and jollities.
17) 3) dialog: Mr Keats.
17) 5) dialog: How is Tom? Keats looks away from Fanny suddenly anxious.
17) 7) dialog: Mr Keats how is...
17) 15) dialog: Was it so very bad?
17) 19) dialog: Did they not admire the opening? The opening was perfect even I could know that.
17) 21) dialog: No. Poems are a strain to work out - and I never can tell if I have worked them well. The Reynolds sisters titter. JOHN REYNOLDS enters the room. He is a lawyer poet friend Keats
17) 25) dialog: It’s beautiful.
18) 0) text: Fanny and her brother and sister are having dance instruc from their very effeminate FRENCH DANCE MASTER. They use BOX MIRROR to correct their posture. Through the window, Fanny notices a teary faced Maria Dilke gesturing to Mrs Brawne who leaves. The class continues with Fanny dancing the formal style of the time but her feelings overwhelm h Tears fill her eyes.
18) 2) dialog: Is it Tom? Has he died? 28 29 BLUE PAGES 04/04/08 20. Maria Dilke turns and nods her head. Fanny leaves, pushin past Toots.
18) 8) dialog: I am sad for your brother Mr Keats. BLUE PAGES 04/04/08 21. Fanny hands him the silk embroidered PILLOW SLIP wrapped BLACK CLOTH.
18) 11) dialog: It is a pillow slip.
18) 17) dialog: Come for Christmas.
18) 19) dialog: No, what one of us wants we all wish for, that is how we are. Keats looks unconvinced. FANNY (IN FRENCH) (cont’d) Maman I have invited Mr Keats for Christmas dinner. 30 31 BLUE PAGES 04/04/08 22.
18) 25) dialog: Because Mr Brown wants Mr Keats all to himself.
19) 0) text: Fanny and her sister sew in silence.
21) 0) text: Mrs Brawne comes into the drawing room with the open lett Margaret and Fanny look up but Fanny does not pause in he neat small stitches
22) 0) text: Fanny, the maid, Mrs Brawne and Margaret prepare the Christmas dinner. POTATOES are peeled, PROFITEROLES are filled with cream, PEAS are shelled, a GOOSE is baking in oven. Margaret is counting CUTLERY at the window.
24) 0) text: Keats is crouched on the sitting room floor stroking the Brawne’s CAT. Fanny comes in with a TRAY of GLASSES, she shy of looking at Keats but acutely aware of him. She polishes each glass with a cloth and places it on the tab
24) 1) dialog: I wondered this morning if you are sleeping in my bed.
24) 3) dialog: Are you sleeping in my bed? Keats is confused and amazed.
24) 5) dialog: You see I believe you are. Have you forgot that we rented Mr Brown’s half of the house this summer while you were journeying in Scotland? Which room did you sleep in?
24) 7) dialog: That was my bed. For proof, pull it out from the wall and by the pillow you will finda figure I drew with pin holes.
24) 9) dialog: No. It was a fairy princess.
24) 11) dialog: No, she refuses to eat. But what she might like is a good night poem. Mr Keats will you teach me poetry? I want to understand, but I don’t know how to begin. Margaret comes in putting a BREAD ROLL on each persons pl Keats strokes the CAT watching Fanny, the movement of her hands as she folds the NAPKINS and the angle of her head she examines the arrangement of the table. 36 BLUE PAGES 04/04/08 25.
25) 0) text: The Brawne’s sit about the DINING TABLE including the mai The meal is finished and Keats has invented a skit that compares the English and the Scottish. There are THREE CU OF TEA on the table and the maid, Toots and Fanny are bei instructed to stir their teas in different and compliment rhythms, clanging the edges of their cups with their SPOO at the end of each cycle.
25) 10) dialog: Mr Keats have you remembered the poem?
26) 0) text: In the dark hallway Fanny knocks on Keats and Mr Brown's door. Behind her Maria Dilke takes Samuel into her half o the house. Mr Brown opens the door. BLUE PAGES 04/04/08 26A.
26) 1) dialog: I have come for my poetry class. 39 BLUE PAGES 04/04/08 27. Fanny slips under his arm.
26) 5) dialog: You may.
26) 7) dialog: It is really me. Keats is looking irritated.
26) 10) dialog: The cost Mr Brown is that Mr Keats will forthwith discuss poetry with me not you as I shall study.
26) 12) dialog: I do until I know all the poets and poems in the world. I have an excellent brain and nothing to do as you have so many times noted. BLUE PAGES 04/04/08 27A.
26) 14) dialog: Now Mr Brown has gone I shall find it easier to talk, he is forever scrutinising. Fanny looks at Keats. She is unsettled by his darkening mood. FANNY (cont'd) .».Can you say something of the craft of poetry? Keats’s face darkens.
26) 16) dialog: Am I so extremely hopeless? Is it Mr Brown? I was too rude? I can apologise.
26) 18) dialog: I don’t understand you.
26) 20) dialog: Do you not like me?
26) 22) dialog: I am annoyed by my sister as often as I love her. And I still do not know how to work a poem out well. BLUE PAGES 04/04/08 29.
26) 24) dialog: And what is negative capability?
26) 26) dialog: I love mystery.
26) 28) dialog: You could make her out?
27) 0) text: Fanny and her family are having breakfast. BOWLS of PORRIDGE. Fanny is pouring over her POETRY BOOKS, making notes.
27) 1) dialog: Maman, Mr Keats is really very brilliant, but he doesn’t like me. He prefers Toots and Samuel and even our cat who he is always petting to death. Mrs Brawne watches Fanny who has gone back to eating, wit little wonderment and concern.
28) 0) text: Fanny is let in at Wentworth House by Mr Brown. She is carrying a LARGE PILE of POETRY BOOKS.
28) 2) dialog: May I return these books to his room? I know where it is.
29) 0) text: Fanny makes her way to Keats’s bedroom on her own. She pu the books on his BEDSIDE TABLE. BLUE PAGES 04/04/08 30A. Then sits on the BED and removes the PILLOW to see the ti PRINCESS just as Keats had said, outlined in pen. 44 BLUE PAGES 04/04/08 31. Fanny trots down the STAIRS. Mr Brown waits at the bottom
30) 2) dialog: All of it...also Mr Spencer, Mr Milton, and The Odyssey...
30) 4) dialog: I am yet part way through but I have read all Mr Keats has written twice and learnt some by heart. THE EVE OF ST. AGNES “Out went the taper as she hurried in; Its little smoke, in pallid moonshine, died: She closed the door, she panted, all akin To spirits of the air, and visions wide: No utter’d syllable, or, woe betide! But to her heart, her heart was voluble, Paining with eloquence her balmy side; As though a tongueless nightingale should swell Her throat in vain, and die, heart-stifled, in her dell.” Mr Brown listens, impressed, a little smitten and also dubious of her claims.
30) 6) dialog: I liked it. BLUE PAGES 04/04/08 31A.
30) 8) dialog: No, not very. Mr Brown regards Fanny and her wide eyes.
30) 13) dialog: Suitcase brown.
30) 15) dialog: Did you see Mr Brown? He was amazed, he was gaping.
30) 17) dialog: I know, he sees I am serious, and I will read them when I have the time. 46 47 48 BLUE PAGES 04/04/08 33.
32) 2) dialog: “The suitcase?” Oh it is from Mr Brown. Fanny is clearly disappointed and confused. FANNY (cont'd) “Darling Valentine I am not sure if you should have a kiss for your violet enchantress eyes or a whipping! Yours, the suitcase.”
34) 0) text: Fanny puts on her COAT and joins Keats outside. Keats loo at Fanny who is pleased to see him. 50 BLUE PAGES 04/04/08 34.
34) 2) dialog: I think it is a joke. Mr Brown is walking up the road towards them. Keats sees and backs off, walking towards the Heath.
35) 0) text: him 50 Fanny and Mr Brown cross the road onto the Heath, where K leads them down an AVENUE OF TREES, then across a FROST SCORCHED MEADOW to a COPSE of WINTER ELMS. No one speaks. There is gravity to Keats’s mood and an anger. Keats takes sidelong glances at Fanny.
35) 12) dialog: NO! NO! I want to dance and flirt and talk of flounces and ribbons and beading until I find my old happiness and humour. Keats is impressed by her passion. FADE TO BLACK.
36) 3) dialog: Did you have on a petticoat?
36) 5) dialog: Naked? Margaret nods and they laugh.
37) 0) text: Fanny walks along the street then up the path to Wentwort House with a WHITE BLOSSOM TWIG. She is wearing a FROCK o snowy whiteness over which she has DUSTY PINK EMPIRE LENG JACKET. She looks adorable. Behind her Samuel follows kicking a WOODEN BALL. Fanny sees Keats inside his room and taps at the WINDOW. EXT. KEATS’S ROOM WENTWORTH HOUSE - DAY 54 Keats leaves Mr Brown at the table and throws open the window. Fanny gives Keats the BLOSSOM SPRIG from behind her back.
37) 1) dialog: I dreamed of your eyes, it is a sign I think that I do like you. BLUE PAGES 04/04/08 36A.
37) 5) dialog: It is a great economy for Maman. But if you like, only if you like. Keats climbs out the window. Mr Brown closes his books moodily.
39) 2) dialog: Are these musings what we common people may know as thoughts? 57 58 BLUE PAGES 04/04/08 38.
39) 4) dialog: Sinking thoughts?
39) 6) dialog: As in amusing?
40) 5) dialog: It is not a secret. I am going with Mary toa dance at the Mess.
40) 7) dialog: Yes. Of course I will dance - why don’t you come too?
40) 10) dialog: I was just asking Mr Keats to join us but he is not persuaded. Keats bows and full of jealousy retreats. 62 63 BLUE PAGES 04/04/08 41. ADD SOME DANCING. INT/EXT. FANNY’S ROOM/GARDEN WENTWORTH HOUSE - DAY 62 Fanny puts her dance sore feet on the floor of her room. opens her CURTAINS to let the morning light in and sees K lying beneath her window. Keats is looking up at Fanny.
41) 0) text: It is a beautiful day. The HEATHER on the Heath is sprink with WILD FLOWERS. CHILDREN sail their PAPER BOATS on the POND. Keats and Fanny wait while Margaret buys an ICE CRE
41) 2) dialog: I did not sit down a single tune. You can see the truth in my slippers they are completely scuffed. I don’t think they can be wiped clean even with methylated spirits. Mama is annoyed as they are expensive but I do not know how I could have prevented it. Margaret returns with a VANILLA ICE CREAM.
41) 5) dialog: Ohhh?
41) 7) dialog: Well tell me.
41) 9) dialog: Who was the figure?
41) 11) dialog: Yet you remember the tree tops.
41) 13) dialog: Whose lips? Were they my lips? Keats touches Fanny’s lips with his finger
42) 0) text: The three make their way across the Heath home. Keats and Fanny follow behind Margaret who plays a game of catching them touching, kissing.
43) 0) text: Fanny, Keats and Margaret return. A glowing Keats walks backwards looking at Fanny. Keats lets Fanny pass and wat her from behind. Fanny smiles and slyly touches hands. In the garden Samuel has climbed onto the HEDGE. Mr Brown stands underneath, disconcerted by Keats’s attention to Fanny. Fanny walks in a cloud up to her room. INT. FANNY’S BEDROOM WENTWORTH HOUSE - EVENING 66 Fanny lies stretched on her bed listening to her body tingling with new and beautiful sensations.
46) 0) text: Keats is playing with the Brawne CAT. Toots stands ready a BONNET for a walk. Samuel has a BALL and CRICKET BAT. Fanny joins them, BONNET, GLOVES and PARASOL ready. Keats looks across and smiles. Mr Brown enters the drawing room unannounced, he looks ve intense.
47) 0) text: In the DARK HALL Fanny leans against the wall and sobs. T door opens, it is Keats.
47) 2) dialog: When? When were you going to tell me? You play with me like a cat. I won’t be PICKED UP
47) 5) dialog: NO, NO, I will not speak to him. (Shrieking at Keats) YOU HAVE HUMILIATED ME! YOU COULD NOT
47) 8) dialog: I will not be adored ever again by you or anyone! I hate you! I hate you! I HATE YOU! Keats sits, alarmed and helpless watching the sobbing Fan in Mrs Brawne’s lap. Mrs Brawne resumes her EMBROIDERY, raising her eyebrows at Keats. FADE TO BLACK.
47) 11) dialog: My life is no more than a cats. I sleep. I clean myself. I prowl around the rooms and barely ever leave this house or this neighbourhood. TEARS begin to well in Fanny’s eyes. Mrs Brawne repairs to the kitchen for more SILVER. 76 77 BLUE PAGES 04/04/08 49. MUSIC can be heard distantly on the Heath and the SHOUTS LAUGHTER of the SUMMER CROWD. Margaret carries a little SAMPLE WORK across to Fanny.
47) 13) dialog: Oh God no Toots, go away. I don’t care a dam for stitches. Mama, please get rid of her. The CAT is sent flying and Margaret’s STITCHING is tossed aside. EXT/INT. FANNY’S ROOM WENTWORTH HOUSE - CLEAR SUMMER’S DA Fanny is lying in bed. Margaret kneels beside the bed, a set up of her TOY WORLD with ALL ITS ACCOUTREMENTS lined up on the floor. Mrs Brawne enters with a TRAY OF TEA. Fanny looks up.
47) 14) dialog: No letter?
47) 16) dialog: Am I in love? Is this love? It really is a very bad thing. I shall never tease about it again. It is very hard, so sore I believe one could die of it.
48) 0) text: Fanny sitting in the drawing room POURING TEA for Mrs Dil her mother, Margaret and Samuel. Fanny hears the STEPS of a MESSENGER outside the GATE. He whole concentration shifts, she puts down the pot and mov to the window willing the messenger to stop at their gate He does. The messenger opens the gate and walks up the pa carrying a letter. Fanny is drawn to the door like one possessed. The messenger hands the LETTER IN KEATS’S HAND Fanny. BLUE PAGES 04/04/08 49A. She PAYS the messenger 1/6d and without further explanati takes the letter held to her bosom upstairs to her bed. S pulls the covers up over her head and in her tent like privacy opens the letter. 78 BLUE PAGES 04/04/08 50.
49) 0) text: Fanny leaves the house trailed by Margaret and Samuel. As she walks out upon the Heath away from other strangers an far ahead of her brother and sister, she takes out Keats’ LETTER. Keats’s letter continued. “Will you confess this in a letter? You must write immediately and do all you can to console me in it --- ma it rich as a drought of poppies to intoxicate me --- writ the softest words and kiss them that I may at least touch lips where yours have been.” Fanny gulps for breath, she kneels unaware of herself in LONG GRASS studying the words. Pressing her lips against letter. Keats’s letter continued. “For myself I know not how to express my devotion to so f a form: I want a brighter word than bright; a fairer word than fair.” Margaret and Samuel catch up with Fanny and collapse in t grass near her, watching her strange possession with the letter but knowing better than to interrupt. Keats’s letter continued. “I almost wish we were butterflies and liv’d but three su days --- three such days with you I could fill with more delight than fifty common years could ever contain.” Fanny beams at Margaret. She pulls her towards her and kisses her. 79 80 BLUE PAGES 04/04/08 51.
49) 1) dialog: If I have ever been mean and I know I might have been, please forgive me my darling Toots. Margaret blinks with each kiss. FANNY (cont'd) Sorry, sorry, sorry. INT. FANNY’S BEDROOM WENTWORTH HOUSE - NIGHT 79 Fanny prepares the paper by kissing it. My Dear Mr Keats, “Thank you for your letter. I have lately felt so nervous and ill that I had to stay days in bed. But having received your letter yesterday, I up and again walking our paths on the Heath. I have begun a butterfly farm in my bedroom in honour of Sammy and Toots are catching them for me. Samuel has made science of it and is collecting both caterpillars and chrysalises so we may have them fluttering about us a wee more.” The children and Fanny in the business of BUTTERFLY and CATERPILLAR collecting. JAR TOPS are covered in GREASE PROOF PAPER and tied aroun the top with STRING. The paper is PRICKED with a FORK for air holes. The jars are lined up around Fanny’s bedroom. Fanny's PEN DIPS into the INK, a BUTTERFLY in a GLASS COV JAR slowly CLOSES it’s wings as she writes her letter.
50) 0) text: Fanny talks to her mother in the kitchen. She is dressed an outing, all in WHITE, STRAW BONNET and WHITE PARASOL. Brawne is rolling out a PIE while the maid is IRONING.
50) 1) dialog: If a letter...
50) 3) dialog: But be ready. Have your hat and parasol ready. 81 82 BLUE PAGES 04/04/08 52.
51) 0) text: Fanny and Margaret are strolling near the POND where CHIL wade and coax their TOY BOATS along with a STICK. Samuel guiding his along from the edge. Fanny’s eyes scan any si of movement, a CHILD chasing a BALL, a MAN bowling a CRIC BALL, A MOTHER rushing after a TODDLER. Fanny lies on the GRASS face-down, dead-like. Most of the Heath’s revellers have left. Margaret sits near Fanny not knowing what to do. Samuel fiddles with his boat’s RIGGING.
52) 0) text: On the staircase as Fanny enters lies a LETTER from Keats addressed to her. Fanny snatches up the letter and storms into the drawing room. Charles and Maria Dilke stand to greet her but she is in mid fury.
52) 1) dialog: Why didn’t you send for me? Mr Keats has written and you did not send Abigail as you had said.
52) 3) dialog: I’m sorry but I cannot be polite when I have been so betrayed. Why are you against me Mama?
52) 5) dialog: Three hours!!! 83 84 BLUE PAGES 04/04/08 53. Fanny storms out of the drawing room and upstairs to her room. The party downstairs re-seats themselves, the air fatally electrified around them.
52) 8) dialog: “Bedewed with Pleasures...” Fanny kisses the letter. INT. FANNY’S BEDROOM WENTWORTH HOUSE - AFTERNOON 84 Mrs Brawne enters Fanny’s bedroom concerned by the romant chaos, BUTTERFLIES in the air, CLOTHES scattered about. Attempted LETTERS littering the bed and all about Fanny, KEATS'S LETTERS. Fanny looks up smiling.
52) 9) dialog: I forgive you Maman. Mrs Brawne OPENS a window.
52) 13) dialog: Listen, “I love you more in that I believe you have liked me for my own sake - I have met with women who I really think would like to be married to a poem and to be given away by a Novel.” “Married to a poem.” Fanny laughs amused. Mrs Brawne does not. Butterflies flutter past Mrs Brawne. FANNY (cont’d) Maman do not be cross. Fanny takes her mother’s hand. FANNY (cont'd) When I do not hear from him it is as if I have died, as if the air is sucked out of my lungs and I am left desolate, but when I receive a letter I know our world is real and it is the only one I care for. Mrs Brawne backs out of the door. Fanny gets up and follo Mrs Brawne to her own neat, clean bedroom. FANNY (cont’d) Was Mrs Dilke speaking against us?
52) 15) dialog: But not as I do. What did she say?
52) 17) dialog: And you agree?
52) 19) dialog: Let me marry him Mama, if he comes back let us be.
52) 21) dialog: I will organise my life. Take all the letters, you keep them, and once a day, no better, once a week you may give them to me for one hour. The rest of the week I shall work. I shall sew 4 hours, and study, and take up my dance classes, we can all walk upon the Heath. I will make you laugh again Mama but let us be engaged.
52) 23) dialog: You insult him and you insult me. Why must you do this? His great worth is in the future. What can we not afford, another chop? Then I shan’t eat and when I die the family can prosper, is this your logic? Mrs Brawne looks at Fanny hopelessly.
52) 25) dialog: I may keep only the latest? Mama to have something of his.
53) 0) text: Fanny, Margaret and Samuel are practising their dance ste Mrs Brawne passes through the room cautiously pleased.
54) 0) text: Margaret and SIX OTHER CHILDREN receive instructions from Fanny on how to work a SWISS EMBROIDERY FRAME clamped to table.
54) 1) dialog: Fill the inside with as many padding stitches as you can, then use a wide slanted satin stitch. Mrs Brawne watches, cautiously pleased.
55) 3) dialog: It is all over. I have such a short letter, after all this time, saying he was in London, in London but couldn’t bring himself to visit for fear it would burn him up!
55) 5) dialog: He has made no fortune and he is ashamed of it. If only he knew how little I, or even you, care for that now. I don’t know how I will live. Fanny breaks down, a small scratch on her wrist.
56) 0) text: Abigail and Margaret carry an armful of EMPTY butterfly J full of DEAD LEAVES downstairs to the kitchen. INT. FANNY’S BEDROOM WENTWORTH HOUSE - EVENING 90 Fanny sweeps BUTTERFLY CORPSES into a dustpan. FADE TO BLACK.
56) 4) dialog: What can he do to me? Hurt my pride? It has slipped so low I have stepped out of it. INT. MR BROWN’S HALF WENTWORTH HOUSE - DAY 92 Mr Brown is surrounded by his LUGGAGE in piles in his dra room. He is PAYING the CARTER who puts the last of the ba down. There is a KNOCK at the door. Fanny enters followed by ABIGAIL their RED HEADED MAID, her head bowed.
56) 5) dialog: Mama asked me to welcome you home and to introduce you to Miss O’Donaghue who is our maid but may also do for you. The young IRISH maid BLUSHES and CURTSEYS.
56) 10) dialog: Please tell Mr Keats that we Brawne’s have kept safe all his things. 93 94 95 96 97 BLUE PAGES 04/04/08 58.
57) 0) text: Fanny takes the KEY from Keats’s chest stacked high with books. She threads it onto a RIBBON.
58) 0) text: Fanny is KNITTING a fine wool SOCK in the DIMLY LIT kitch Abigail is kneading and making BREAD.
61) 0) text: Fanny follows Margaret into the cellar where Keats and Sa are struggling with the LOCK.
61) 2) dialog: Hello Mr Keats.
61) 5) dialog: What do you need? Keats kneels beside her. He is unable to take his eyes fr her. He watches as Fanny pulls out items of clothing. FANNY (cont'd) Your coat? Fanny shakes it out holding it up. FANNY (cont’d) But it is not warm enough, there is no lining. These brown breeches are warm. Their eyes connect as Fanny turns slowly towards Keats th FOLDED PANTS in her hands. She turns back to the trunk. FANNY (cont'd) And your black vest, Ohhh it has a small hole. I could mend it so well you will not see it. Wordlessly Keats and Fanny continue bonding through the domestic chores simple and deep - all his resolve dissolv
63) 0) text: Fanny and Keats walk slowly together through the AUTUMN LEAVES on the Heath. Samuel and Toots run ahead. The love lean together on the trunk of a huge ELM. Keats gives Fan a RING. Keats kisses Fanny deeply on the lips. Toots and Samuel shocked, stop in their tracks.
64) 0) text: Mrs Brawne and Maria Dilke are talking gravely and taking in the Brawne’s dining room. Fanny passes through with he sewing.
64) 2) dialog: What is wrong, you are looking so grave?
64) 4) dialog: Of course you don’t. No she doesn’t. Mr Brown is Mr Keats’s best friend, how can we object. Maria Dilke is quiet, she looks at Mrs Brawne.
64) 6) dialog: No.
64) 8) dialog: It was Mr Keat’s mothers ring, not an engagement ring. 101 BLUE PAGES 04/04/08 61.
64) 10) dialog: See I wear it on the finger next door
64) 13) dialog: You taught me to love, you never said only the rich, only a thimbleful. Mr Keats is a genius. His poems will sell, and until then I could make money sewing.
65) 0) text: Fanny is walking towards Keats and Mr Brown’s door. She slips her GARNET RING off her middle finger and across to engagement finger.
65) 2) dialog: I am going to say good morning.
65) 4) dialog: It is alright he is simply fair copying the poems for a new book and in this I give him calm. Fanny enters the poets rooms almost invisibly. Quietly sh takes a CHAIR and places it next to Keats at the table. S begins to sew. Mr Brown, at the other end of the table, finally notices and leaves perturbed. As the door closes Fanny and Keats immediately begin to kiss. Keats rests hi head on Fanny’s chest. 102 BLUE PAGES 04/04/08 62.
65) 6) dialog: It’s new, from which poem?
65) 8) dialog: Why do you say Not? Not in lone splendour?
65) 10) dialog: You fear I am not steadfast because I oblige Maman by going to a dance?
65) 12) dialog: I will tell Maman I am unwell. Fanny kisses Keats.
66) 0) text: Mr Brown scoffs FRESH SCONES in the kitchen. Abigail BUTT them for him full of admiration. Fanny is working on her SCRAPBOOK of fashion ideas.
67) 0) text: Mrs Brawne sees Fanny walking out into the snow. She move to the window.
67) 2) dialog: Mr Keats has gone into London with no coat. FADE TO BLACK.
68) 0) text: The SNOW has turned to SLEET. The Brawne’s make their way CANDLE up to their rooms. 105 INT. FANNY’S BEDROOM WENTWORTH HOUSE - NIGHT 105 Fanny watches from her window. RAIN is reflected across h face. She is relieved to finally see the small chilled figure of Keats making his way unsteadily to the house. 106 INT. MR BROWN’S HALL WENTWORTH HOUSE - NIGHT 106 Mr Brown comes out from his study as he hears the front d CLOSE. Keats is WET and staggering, finding it hard to stand.
69) 0) text: Fanny in her DRESSING GOWN and with a CANDLE. Abigail is carrying SHEETS through to the laundry. Fanny follows her
69) 1) dialog: What has happened?
69) 3) dialog: Has a doctor arrived?
69) 5) dialog: Is it Mr Keats? Abigail makes her way back to the STOVE with its BOILING KETTLE.
69) 7) dialog: Let me help. Fanny puts CHINA CUPS on a TRAY. Her hands are shaking. M Brown comes through. Fanny moves towards him about to spe
69) 9) dialog: If he’s ill I want to help. He would want me there.
69) 11) dialog: I can bring them.
70) 4) dialog: But I have not. How could I go into town when Mr Keats is so ill?
70) 6) dialog: What must he be thinking? This is a deception I cannot join.
70) 8) dialog: He will be unquiet until he sees me...
70) 10) dialog: He would be more unquiet if I decided not to.
70) 12) dialog: Mr Brown would have it that I kill Mr Keats with affection. BLUE PAGES 04/04/08 66.
70) 16) dialog: I never did go to town, I have been waiting to be with you the whole day.
70) 18) dialog: He has a new greatcoat, why didn’t he wear it? Oh God, Oh God he spat so much blood. Why must this happen to us? I am so afraid. Fanny abruptly sits up wiping her face. FANNY (cont ’d) Wait, I have to write him a note so he has something of me tomorrow morning.
71) 0) text: A BARE CHESTED Keats takes the NOTE from his trouser pock unfolds it, puts it to his lips then places it under his PILLOW. He RAPS on the wall. INT. FANNY’S BEDROOM - EVENING 118 The “rap” is faint on Fanny’s side but she hears it and p her hand against her side of the wall. Toots already in b watches the ritual. Fanny’s SHADOW FLICKERS large against the wall.
72) 0) text: Fanny sits upon a STONE WALL on Hampstead Heath reading h note while Samuel and Margaret play with a CRICKET BALL. Fanny walks, still reading through some desolate SKELETON TREES, NO LEAVES above and MUD below. “Let me no longer detain you from going to Town - there m be no end to this emprisoning of you. Perhaps you had bet not come before tomorrow evening: send me however without fail a good night. You know our situation - I am recommen not even to read poetry much less write it. I wish I had even a little hope. I cannot say forget me - but I would mention that there are impossibilities in the world.” Your affectionate J.K.
72) 2) dialog: Why do you say impossibilities?
72) 4) dialog: I cannot leave you. It is an impossibility. I have such clear hope about your new book of poems. When you are well enough you can finish the fair copying. They are more beautiful than any I have read of Mr Coleridge or Mr Wordsworth or even Lord Byron. FANNY (cont'd) “Oh What can ail thee knight at arms, Alone and palely loitering? The sedge has withered from the lake And no birds sing!” FANNY (cont’d) “I met a lady in the Meads Full beautiful, a faery’s child; Her hair was long, her foot was light And her eyes were wild -”
72) 6) dialog: “She found me roots of relish sweet And honey wild and manna dew, And sure in language strange she said I love thee true -” 122 BLUE PAGES 04/04/08 71.
72) 8) dialog: “And there she lulled me asleep And there I dream’d - Ah! Woe betide! The latest dream I ever dreamt On the cold hill side.”
73) 0) text: Fanny comes into the kitchen where Abigail is making an incredible RACKET, BANGING POTS, and STOMPING to and fro. On the TABLE is a LETTER.
73) 1) dialog: Is it mine?
75) 0) text: All along the street are signs of the precarious life of poor, STREET URCHINS begging, a DRUNK collapsed in the pavement. Fanny and Samuel support Keats along the road, pausing as a cough racks his body. Samuel walks a few steps behind, next to a BOY carting Keats’s TRUNK.
75) 1) dialog: I want to come to Italy with you. We can marry and I’1l go with you. Sammy walk behind. Keats laughs.
75) 4) dialog: Get back behind.
75) 6) dialog: But he will tell!
75) 8) dialog: You see, he listens. Keats stops.
75) 10) dialog: Why?
76) 0) text: Fanny and Keats follow the LANDLADY down a DAMP corridor a BASEMENT SUITE of TWO WATER STAINED ROOMS. There is a TABLE DIMLY LIT by the basement’s WINDOW. A SHRIEK follow by another somewhere higher in the building.
76) 2) dialog: Mr Hunt cannot have meant these rooms. Keats is going darkly into himself. He shakes his head.
76) 4) dialog: No one, I will wait.
77) 0) text: Fanny, her mother, Samuel and Margaret and the Dilke’s ar sitting at their FORMALLY SET TABLE. All are very subdued Fanny is deeply depressed. Out of nowhere she starts to s The children and Mrs Brawne watch her anxiously. All deco is swept aside as Fanny’s sobs become convulsive. Mrs Bra waves the children away. She takes Fanny’s head in her ar stroking her tears away but they do not stop. Mrs Dilke a strokes her.
77) 1) dialog: He wrote that I don’t love him. He was told I have been flirting...but I haven't.
77) 5) dialog: Whose best?
77) 7) dialog: Everyone wishes I would give up, but I cannot, even if I wanted to I cannot. There is no one in this world so beautiful or so brilliant. 129 130 131 BLUE PAGES 04/04/08 77. Mrs Dilke and Mrs Brawne exchange looks of anxiety. Toots face appears at the window. FANNY (cont'd) Get rid of her!
79) 0) text: Fanny approaches the tree slowly like a cat until a very Keats, barely recognisable, turns, his eyes accusing and frightened on Fanny. Keats puts an arm out to fend Fanny off.
79) 2) dialog: John...? Fanny does not hesitate, she kisses Keats. He is sheet wh and sweating.
79) 4) dialog: You are shivering. What is this, blood? Maman! Toots, call Maman.
80) 0) text: Mrs Brawne is putting Keats’s clothes into the TUB. Fanny joins her helping to scrub the stains.
80) 1) dialog: Maman may Mr Keats stay?
80) 3) dialog: And tomorrow? Until he leaves for Italy?
80) 5) dialog: Can’t we be?
80) 7) dialog: Let him stay just until Italy. I promise I shall never ever ask anything more. You will not regret it. Mrs Brawne continues to scrub.
80) 9) dialog: Well let us be engaged. He is too ill to bea threat! 135 136 137 138 BLUE PAGES 04/04/08 79. INT. MRS BRAWNE’S BEDROOM WENTWORTH HOUSE - NIGHT 135 Fanny sits beside her feverish fiance, cooling his head w a WET CLOTH. She moves her ENGAGEMENT RING across to the fourth finger on her left hand. Her RING SPARKLES in the night. Bright Star.
81) 5) dialog: Bye, bye. Keats begins to sip the SOUP. There is a WILD ROSE on Keats's tray. Fanny takes a PETAL and winds it around her finger.
82) 0) text: There is a small gathering of Keats’s inner circle in the Brawne living room. MR TAYLOR and MR HASLAM Keats's publishers, Mr Severn a young and very nervous painter fr and MR HUNT a loyal supporter. The tea has mostly been dr and people are preparing to leave. Fanny is quietly sewing a silk lining onto a CAP. An improving Keats sits next to her. They are very much a couple.
82) 6) dialog: Let me pour you another.
82) 8) dialog: Yes I think you did.
82) 10) dialog: Mr Keats tells me you are planning to paint in Rome...
83) 0) text: Fanny is putting a TRAY together for her and Keats’s supp Mrs Brawne is SHELLING PEAS.
83) 1) dialog: My God what I would do to accompany him. He is still so weak.
83) 3) dialog: But it should not be Mr Severn he barely knows him. Where is that fool Mr Brown when he is needed? Why doesn’t he write? Fanny picks up the tray.
83) 5) dialog: Do not say “last”.
84) 0) text: Fanny puts Keats’s arm in the correct position about her waist for a waltz. She is giggling, shaking her head happily. Beside her Margaret and Samuel stand ready excep Margaret is laughing at Keats who is clowning in his effo The dance class is happening on the lawn in the BACK GARD It’s late afternoon and the trees are casting beautiful SHADOWS across the GRASS, while the ROSES bob in the bree Mrs Brawne is at the open windows.
84) 2) dialog: Yes, please. Mrs Brawne sits back at the PIANO and begins. FANNY (cont’d) One, two, three, turn...
84) 4) dialog: Nothing whatsoever. There is no autumn in this house only summer. Please remove it. Margaret takes the LEAF by the stork like a mouse by the and drops it over the fence.
85) 0) text: The family are eating a roast goose together. The plates still full, but no-one except Samuel is eating. Fanny sta to gather the plates up. Keats brings from the SIDEBOARD RED BOUND POETRY BOOKS and puts one beside each family member. Mrs Brawne is looking at hers.
85) 3) dialog: Yes! Extremely so...
85) 5) dialog: Why must you harp on about selling when the poems themselves are the point and they are so beautiful! Margaret and Samuel each give Keats a GIFT, Margaret a HANDKERCHIEF she has sewn. BLUE PAGES 04/04/08 84.
85) 8) dialog: It’s your old travel cap. I have sewn a silk lining to keep you warm. 144 INT. MRS BRAWNE’S BEDROOM WENTWORTH HOUSE - NIGHT 144 Fanny clips a LOCK of Keats’s hair and carefully folds it into a piece of TISSUE PAPER. Keats picks up the SCISSORS
85) 9) dialog: Is this really happening? Are we really to separate? Keats selects a DARK CURL from Fanny and cuts it. He puts between the pages of his POETRY BOOK.
85) 11) dialog: I want to come to Italy with you.
85) 13) dialog: Be together.
85) 15) dialog: As long as we have. Keats sighs. Fanny begins to cry. FANNY (cont'd) Shall we awake and find all this is a dream? Is there another life? There must be, we cannot be created for this kind of suffering. BLUE PAGES 04/04/08 84A. Keats puts his arms around Fanny’s neck and draws her hea him. Keats soothes her while he talks. BLUE PAGES 04/04/08 85.
85) 17) dialog: Then why are you leaving? Why must you go?
85) 19) dialog: Say you are too ill.
85) 21) dialog: No. I can’t, I never will. Keats moves away, hitting his head with his palm.
85) 23) dialog: You know I would do anything...
85) 25) dialog: You will return, I know it.
85) 27) dialog: Yes, close to Maman.
85) 29) dialog: I will make a garden where every sort of wild flower grows. We can take our breakfast there on a little table.
85) 31) dialog: Then it will get dark and the moon will shine through the shutters.
85) 33) dialog: Everywhere. Keats kisses Fanny’s breasts, waist and her arms, then ru his hands along her hands until their fingers touch.
85) 35) dialog: I know it... Outside is the sound of FOOTSTEPS.
85) 37) dialog: She won’t come in.
85) 39) dialog: I am just joining you.
85) 41) dialog: Never. Not for one night. Fanny and Keats hold tightly on to each other. 145 146 147 148 149 150 BLUE PAGES 04/04/08 87. INT. MRS BRAWNE’S BEDROOM WENTWORTH HOUSE - MORNING 145 Keats stands dressed, ready to leave. The trunk has gone. But still he stays, looking for the last time at the room which he has enjoyed some happiness. The will to go seems impossible to summon, but finally a rattling cough breaks his reverie. Fanny comes to fetch him.
86) 0) text: Fanny and Keats leave the house silently. Margaret runs after them. Fanny turns and desperately sha her head dissuading her from coming further. Margaret fal back.
87) 0) text: Fanny and Keats arm in arm keep stride down the narrow la towards the Pond Street Coach Depot. Fanny looks towards Keats but does not speak. Mr Hunt walks a little apart anxiously aware of the young couples ordeal.
88) 0) text: Amidst the SMALL CROWD at the COACH DEPOT, STABLE HANDS, CLEANERS, OTHER TRAVELLERS arriving and PARCELS and PRODU being unpacked and stacked, Keats and Fanny remain poised Finally without speaking Keats disengages his arm and squeezes Fanny’s hand. He swiftly boards the COACH. Fanny watches as he is seated then turns and leaves. Keats look out at the last of Fanny’s figure walking away. Mr Hunt climbs in beside Keats.
89) 0) text: Fanny bursts through the door of Wentworth House. She run up the stairs into her room. Fanny opens the LITERARY POC BOOK Keats gave her and writes, “MR KEATS LEFT HAMPSTEAD.
91) 0) text: Abigail now Mrs Brown, is taking tea in the dining room a happily showing off her baby boy to Mrs Brawne and Margar In the connecting sitting room Mr Brown stands at the win shuffling through his LETTERS from Keats, making an effor engage with Fanny who is clearly resistant. Fanny is sewi a length of BLACK RIBBON onto the black material, one nea small black stitch after another.
91) 2) dialog: You could have, had you gone - I was certain you would.
91) 4) dialog: Why not leave now, travel overland? Abigail walks smilingly into the room holding out the cry baby to show Fanny. Mr Brown waves Abigail and the baby away.
91) 6) dialog: 
91) 9) dialog: What heart? You abandon your ill friend, never replying or enquiring.
91) 11) dialog: And my love. Mr Brown is a little stunned, moved despite himself by he open confession.
92) 0) text: Fanny sews a seam in BLACK THREAD. Outside it is SNOWING. The DOOR BELL RINGS. Margaret answers. It is a LETTER. Sh puts it on the other end of the table.
92) 3) dialog: Why doesn’t he write to me? Fanny looks out into the garden where a bowed Brown reads letter. BLUE PAGES 04/04/08 89A. 154 INT/EXT. BROWN’S LIVING ROOM WENTWORTH HOUSE - DAY 15 Mr Brown stands at his window, looking out onto a dreary WINTER GARDEN. 155 BLUE PAGES 04/04/08 90. He watches as Margaret and Samuel kick a BALL between the and beyond them the gaunt, upright figure of Fanny slowly comes into view. A mirror match in mood to himself, she paces ghostlike in the snow. Fanny and Brown lock eyes th each look away. INT. BROWN’S DRAWING ROOM WENTWORTH HOUSE - DAY 155 Fanny knocks at Mr Brown’s garden door. Mr Brown is surprised to see her, he stands.
92) 4) dialog: You once said you would offer what comfort you could.
92) 6) dialog: Is there something, anything at all you can read me from his letters? I am disappointed to have none of my own. Any sort of news, even the painful, brings me closer.
92) 8) dialog: Please.
92) 10) text: 156 157 BLUE PAGES 04/04/08 91. MR BROWN (cont'd) Was I born for this end? God bless her, and her mother.” The letter is to me but it is all about you - keep it. Fanny shakes her head. They look at each other with something like peace, like compassion, for what they both and for what they must soon bear. Fanny turns and Mr Brown watches as Fanny’s ghostlike fig disappears down the hall.
93) 5) dialog: No more. Mr Brown stops reading. Fanny makes her way shakily from the room. Mrs Brawne follows. Fanny collapses on the staircase. FANNY (cont’d) I should have been with him. I should have held him - it should have been me with him. Oh my God I am finished. He is gone. Oh Maman help me, please help me. Mr Brown and Samuel listen stricken. Margaret sits on the couch, tears dropping onto her frock.
95) 0) text: Out on the Heath Fanny walks briskly through the winter M followed at a respectful distance by a hurriedly dressed Samuel. Fanny, the landscape, the trees, Samuel APPEARING and VANISHING in the FOG. Clutching her precious KEATS BO against her chest, Fanny makes her way up the side of the HILL where she and the landscape completely disappear, on her VOICE continues steadily reciting, learning by heart poem BRIGHT STAR dedicated to her.
95) 1) dialog: “Bright Star, would I were stedfast as thou art - Not in lone splendour hung aloft the night And watching, with eternal lids apart, Like nature’s patient, sleepless Eremite, (devotee) The moving waters at their priest like task Of pure ablution round earth’s human shores, Or gazing on the new soft-fallen masque Of snow upon the mountains and the moors. No - yet still stedfast, still unchangeable, Pillow’d upon my fair love’s ripening breast, To feel forever its soft swell and fall, Awake forever in a sweet unrest, Still, still to hear her tender-taken breath, And so live ever - or else swoon to death.” Fanny now alone, walks on the Heath until in the dark she pauses beside the POND. Overhead the STARS GLITTER and ar REFLECTED again at her feet. FADE TO BLACK.
95) 3) text: For three years Fanny Brawne continued to walk Hampstead Heath, often far into the night. BLUE PAGES 04/04/08 94. Keats died imagining himself forgotten. Yet generation af generation of poets have been inspired by him, and his fa continues to grow.