2) 0) text: MRS BRAWNE 40 enters the KITCHEN dressed to go out. Fanny the MAID CHARLOTTE and little Margaret are all sewing different parts of Fanny’s white muslin dress. Samuel, he 14-year old brother, sits apart munching toast.
7) 0) text: Margaret and Samuel make their way to the BOOKSHOP, caref not to catch the eye of the HUNGRY and HOMELESS.
8) 0) text: The BELL on the BOOKSHOP DOOR rings. Margaret and Samuel enter. Their boots clunk on the boards of the quiet shop, they walk to the counter. There is no-one there, they sta in front of it. A VOICE speaks from a shelf behind.
8) 2) dialog: Have you got John Keats’s poem book Endy...
10) 0) text: Margaret and Samuel come upstairs and enter Fanny’s bedro Margaret takes off her COAT and sits. Fanny's steel needl pauses.
11) 0) text: The ROYAL ARTILLERY MESS at WOOLWICH, a DANCE and Fanny i the centre of it in her new gown. She dances with a studi grace. The effect is elegant yet mannered. In the interval she sights an under dressed Keats sitting back, ignoring the dancers absorbed in his thoughts. Near him Mr Brown and their friend REYNOLDS and his SISTERS ta loudly. Fanny whispers to her younger brother Samuel. Samuel slouches over to Keats.
11) 1) dialog: My sister Miss Brawne wishes to greet you Mr Keats.
15) 0) text: Fanny, Margaret and Samuel walk back fast through the Hea A great GUST of WIND sends the AUTUMN LEAVES spiralling upwards. Keats, flush faced is jogging after them but somewhat behind them. He has Fanny’s basket in his hand. BLUE PAGES 04/04/08 13A.
18) 21) dialog: Yes. Hurrah. Please do, please!
26) 0) text: In the dark hallway Fanny knocks on Keats and Mr Brown's door. Behind her Maria Dilke takes Samuel into her half o the house. Mr Brown opens the door. BLUE PAGES 04/04/08 26A.
30) 0) text: NOTE - This scene now includes SAMUEL Warm and pretty Maria Dilke pours tea into ELEGANT LITTLE CUPS. Her son lays his head in her lap.
30) 16) dialog: So many authors in one week is a bit incredible
37) 0) text: Fanny walks along the street then up the path to Wentwort House with a WHITE BLOSSOM TWIG. She is wearing a FROCK o snowy whiteness over which she has DUSTY PINK EMPIRE LENG JACKET. She looks adorable. Behind her Samuel follows kicking a WOODEN BALL. Fanny sees Keats inside his room and taps at the WINDOW. EXT. KEATS’S ROOM WENTWORTH HOUSE - DAY 54 Keats leaves Mr Brown at the table and throws open the window. Fanny gives Keats the BLOSSOM SPRIG from behind her back.
37) 4) dialog: We are going to live next door, Mr and Mrs Dilke are moving to Westminster and we can have six months half rent!
39) 11) dialog: They are sniffing every flower in the garden to find the best scent.
43) 0) text: Fanny, Keats and Margaret return. A glowing Keats walks backwards looking at Fanny. Keats lets Fanny pass and wat her from behind. Fanny smiles and slyly touches hands. In the garden Samuel has climbed onto the HEDGE. Mr Brown stands underneath, disconcerted by Keats’s attention to Fanny. Fanny walks in a cloud up to her room. INT. FANNY’S BEDROOM WENTWORTH HOUSE - EVENING 66 Fanny lies stretched on her bed listening to her body tingling with new and beautiful sensations.
44) 0) text: Samuel is high in the tree branches.
44) 1) dialog: Mr Brown bet I couldn’t find the nightingale’s nest.
46) 0) text: Keats is playing with the Brawne CAT. Toots stands ready a BONNET for a walk. Samuel has a BALL and CRICKET BAT. Fanny joins them, BONNET, GLOVES and PARASOL ready. Keats looks across and smiles. Mr Brown enters the drawing room unannounced, he looks ve intense.
47) 10) dialog: Nothing. A disappointed Fanny is sitting on an UPRIGHT CHAIR with CAT on her lap. Mrs Brawne counts the SPOONS and places t one by one in a VELVET LINED BOX.
48) 0) text: Fanny sitting in the drawing room POURING TEA for Mrs Dil her mother, Margaret and Samuel. Fanny hears the STEPS of a MESSENGER outside the GATE. He whole concentration shifts, she puts down the pot and mov to the window willing the messenger to stop at their gate He does. The messenger opens the gate and walks up the pa carrying a letter. Fanny is drawn to the door like one possessed. The messenger hands the LETTER IN KEATS’S HAND Fanny. BLUE PAGES 04/04/08 49A. She PAYS the messenger 1/6d and without further explanati takes the letter held to her bosom upstairs to her bed. S pulls the covers up over her head and in her tent like privacy opens the letter. 78 BLUE PAGES 04/04/08 50.
49) 0) text: Fanny leaves the house trailed by Margaret and Samuel. As she walks out upon the Heath away from other strangers an far ahead of her brother and sister, she takes out Keats’ LETTER. Keats’s letter continued. “Will you confess this in a letter? You must write immediately and do all you can to console me in it --- ma it rich as a drought of poppies to intoxicate me --- writ the softest words and kiss them that I may at least touch lips where yours have been.” Fanny gulps for breath, she kneels unaware of herself in LONG GRASS studying the words. Pressing her lips against letter. Keats’s letter continued. “For myself I know not how to express my devotion to so f a form: I want a brighter word than bright; a fairer word than fair.” Margaret and Samuel catch up with Fanny and collapse in t grass near her, watching her strange possession with the letter but knowing better than to interrupt. Keats’s letter continued. “I almost wish we were butterflies and liv’d but three su days --- three such days with you I could fill with more delight than fifty common years could ever contain.” Fanny beams at Margaret. She pulls her towards her and kisses her. 79 80 BLUE PAGES 04/04/08 51.
51) 0) text: Fanny and Margaret are strolling near the POND where CHIL wade and coax their TOY BOATS along with a STICK. Samuel guiding his along from the edge. Fanny’s eyes scan any si of movement, a CHILD chasing a BALL, a MAN bowling a CRIC BALL, A MOTHER rushing after a TODDLER. Fanny lies on the GRASS face-down, dead-like. Most of the Heath’s revellers have left. Margaret sits near Fanny not knowing what to do. Samuel fiddles with his boat’s RIGGING.
53) 0) text: Fanny, Margaret and Samuel are practising their dance ste Mrs Brawne passes through the room cautiously pleased.
61) 1) dialog: Do you have the key Fanny?
61) 4) dialog: Mama we have found it, Fanny had it like I thought. Ignoring everything but each other, Fanny gently takes th key from Keats and kneeling unlocks his CHEST. She opens lid.
63) 0) text: Fanny and Keats walk slowly together through the AUTUMN LEAVES on the Heath. Samuel and Toots run ahead. The love lean together on the trunk of a huge ELM. Keats gives Fan a RING. Keats kisses Fanny deeply on the lips. Toots and Samuel shocked, stop in their tracks.
70) 0) text: Mr Brown is standing by the kitchen HEARTH, towels are fo on the table. Abigail crosses past with a barely touched TRAY of BROTH and TOAST from Keats’s room. DR BREE is finishing up a plate of bacon and eggs. The Brawnes (including Samuel and Margaret) are sitting at the table listening anxiously.
72) 0) text: Fanny sits upon a STONE WALL on Hampstead Heath reading h note while Samuel and Margaret play with a CRICKET BALL. Fanny walks, still reading through some desolate SKELETON TREES, NO LEAVES above and MUD below. “Let me no longer detain you from going to Town - there m be no end to this emprisoning of you. Perhaps you had bet not come before tomorrow evening: send me however without fail a good night. You know our situation - I am recommen not even to read poetry much less write it. I wish I had even a little hope. I cannot say forget me - but I would mention that there are impossibilities in the world.” Your affectionate J.K.
75) 0) text: All along the street are signs of the precarious life of poor, STREET URCHINS begging, a DRUNK collapsed in the pavement. Fanny and Samuel support Keats along the road, pausing as a cough racks his body. Samuel walks a few steps behind, next to a BOY carting Keats’s TRUNK.
75) 7) dialog: I won't tell.
77) 0) text: Fanny, her mother, Samuel and Margaret and the Dilke’s ar sitting at their FORMALLY SET TABLE. All are very subdued Fanny is deeply depressed. Out of nowhere she starts to s The children and Mrs Brawne watch her anxiously. All deco is swept aside as Fanny’s sobs become convulsive. Mrs Bra waves the children away. She takes Fanny’s head in her ar stroking her tears away but they do not stop. Mrs Dilke a strokes her.
84) 0) text: Fanny puts Keats’s arm in the correct position about her waist for a waltz. She is giggling, shaking her head happily. Beside her Margaret and Samuel stand ready excep Margaret is laughing at Keats who is clowning in his effo The dance class is happening on the lawn in the BACK GARD It’s late afternoon and the trees are casting beautiful SHADOWS across the GRASS, while the ROSES bob in the bree Mrs Brawne is at the open windows.
85) 0) text: The family are eating a roast goose together. The plates still full, but no-one except Samuel is eating. Fanny sta to gather the plates up. Keats brings from the SIDEBOARD RED BOUND POETRY BOOKS and puts one beside each family member. Mrs Brawne is looking at hers.
95) 0) text: Out on the Heath Fanny walks briskly through the winter M followed at a respectful distance by a hurriedly dressed Samuel. Fanny, the landscape, the trees, Samuel APPEARING and VANISHING in the FOG. Clutching her precious KEATS BO against her chest, Fanny makes her way up the side of the HILL where she and the landscape completely disappear, on her VOICE continues steadily reciting, learning by heart poem BRIGHT STAR dedicated to her.