17) 0) text: LONG SHOT. PAULIE SITS IN THE FOREMAN’S OFFICE reading a paper. A forty year-old Black foreman approaches PAULIE and they converse. RAVI is in the distant background. We can see from PAULIE’S body language, he has just received devastating news. He steps out and throws his helmet against the wall. INT. ~ PROMOTER‘S OFPICE A mature high-powered promoter sits with four high~ powered executives. Also present is DIXON and L.c.
17) 1) dialog: ~ The last two pay~per-views lost, and the gate is off 40 percent - : Lc. - ‘Cause all they got is nobody’s out there.
17) 2) dialog: But we’ve got “human interest” going if we want to run with it.
17) 4) dialog: Rocky Balboa applied and got a license.
17) 6) dialog: ~ Hear me out -
17) 8) dialog: It’s an event and it'll sell ~ I’ve got about a couple thousand e-mails attesting to that ~ MASON is stunned. L.c. ~ Hear him out! -
17) 10) dialog: ~ Everyone knows what the outcome will be - You can’t lose, but we can capitalize on the novelty - L.c. - That computer fight got people thinkin’.
17) 14) dialog: (to Mason) it's nostalgic man. It’s mostly a has~ been, never-gonna-be’ world, so people will relate to this match up. And as a public relations kicker, you’ll offer a piece of the gate to some charity.
17) 16) dialog: ‘Children’s Charity’. you'll tap your way to a ten round decision, and the hook is people will see your compassion, while you put on a good show, and don’t destroy this guy. With this new fan base, next fight down the line we’ll double your biggest gate - (to L.c.) If you want a new image, this is the way C to get it. MASON just stares hard at L.Cc. whose anger is rising. 65. L.c. What! What’d I do? I made your world “green” an’ kept you healthy man, that’s what I do and we do. The fighter becomes rigid, MASON looks like he’s about to exit. L.c. (CONT’D) What? I’m lyin’? {to group) Let‘s talk this out. MASON coldly eyes the room and exits. EXT. — ROCKY’S RESTAURANT ~- NIGHT About TWENTY PEOPLE are lined up outside. There is a new energy. INT. - ROCKY’S RESTAURANT — NIGHT The small room is filled to capacity...LIL’ MARIE is hostessing...In the kitchen STEPS is helping prepare food as ROCKY’S in the kitchen, PAULIE knocks on the window and gestures to a worker who taps ROCKY. He steps out into the alley.
18) 39) dialog: Our pleasure.
18) 41) dialog: (smiles ) Fight stories? 69.
18) 43) dialog: Maybe later ~ I’m Robert Brown - These are my associates Carl Davis and L.c. - We'd like to talk to you a minute. Join us?
18) 45) dialog: We've heard you've gotten your licence back.
18) 47) dialog: Congratulations...We have the promotional contract for Mason Dixon - Dixon's a fan, and when he heard you‘re interested in fighting again, he thought why not try to work something out.
18) 50) dialog: Y'know, nothin’ you do is going to be small-time - The press’ll always be around. Technically, you never lost the belt in the ring. You retired, so ina sense you're both Champions, and you're both at a point in your lives where you want to do interesting things and this would be yery interesting.
18) 52) dialog: It’s an exhibition ~ A glorified sparring session ~ With a portion of the gate going to charity.
18) 54) dialog: it’s as real as you want to make it. ¥
24) 45) text: MASON’S CORNER L.C. is seen leaning back over the ropes in MASON’S CORNER as he exchanges words with the promoter’s business associate. L.C. Comes up beside MASON. Lc The pay per view has tripled our last show. MASON ignores him.