26) 10) text: The door opens revealing JULIE PLUMMER. Julie holds NAKED baby PETER, 2. She sees Shane, and stops, a little startled by his size...
32) 10) text: Without looking Lulu points. A diapered Peter stands in the half full AQUARIUM, pouring in Cheerios. Helga enters holding the wailing Tyler. Gary suddenly FLIES by - WHRRP! Shane ducks. Shane scowls at Helga:
34) 25) text: Shane frowns, continues down the hall. He passes the NURSERY (Peter and Tyler's room), where Helga is singing a lullaby: (as annoying Has something Barney might sing).
43) 15) text: Shane rubs his nose. Lulu screams at the top of her lungs. Shane turns, to see that Peter is chasing her, wearing a towel as a sheet. He pretends to be a ghost.
43) 17) dialog: Whhhoooooo!
43) 20) text: Lulu hides behind Shane. Peter Booos again. Lulu screams.
48) 1) text: Helga, suitcases in hand, heads to the door -- Shane tries to block her path. Peter's in the aquarium. The duck flies around, QUACKING.
50) 36) text: Nobody will help.     Even Peter runs, holding his nose.
53) 20) text: Peter stands in his chair, dancing...
53) 22) dialog: Ba ba do the hokie pokey...
53) 25) text: Peter's eyes fill with tears.
53) 40) text: Peter starts bawling, too. He runs away, crying. The table cloth is yanked to the floor. And the phone rings. Shane answers, trying to hear over the screaming.
57) 11) text: He glares at Shane, and the Kids: Shane sits with Tyler in a Snuggle, holding Peter on a harness, as he plays on the floor. The Kids are seated around him, mortified.
58) 1) text: Shane, dead serious, (Tyler in Snuggle) is riding the see saw in the school's playground. Peter rides on the other side with a group of KIDS, to balance Shane. Shane types on his laptop: CLAIRE NELSON. A picture of Claire in a Naval uniform pops up as well as her stats...
58) 18) text: Shane stands with his Baby snuggle. Peter is running in circles around him on his harness, like a tether ball. He checks his tracking device...
59) 5) text: Reveal: Shane is talking to Tyler, in his safety seat -- trying to get him to eat. Beside Shane, Peter is destroying a sandwich with animal crackers.
60) 1) text: Shane looks exhausted. Peter is asleep in his shoulder, Tyler is crying, as he keeps watch. The Principal strolls up.
60) 22) text: Just then, an alarm in his Jacket GOES OFF. He looks at his tracker: it's flashing RED 3 RED 3. Shane hands off Peter and Tyler to the Principal.
72) 1) text: Tyler is in a high-chair, Peter rocks in a cradle-swing.
76) 4) text: Shane lifts her window so it's open a HALF INCH, then drills it into place. Shane ushers the Troop out the door, then loads Peter and Tyler into TWO SNUGGLES -- one attached to his front, the other to his back. Shane closes the front door and attaches a "Club" lock to it.
84) 15) text: Brownies are running around, playing video games and skee ball. Shane's watching Peter, in the PLASTIC BALL POOL, while he holds Tyler in the Snuggle. The Manager approaches Shane.
84) 34) text: Shane doesn't like the sound of that. He steps up to the machine. He cracks his knuckles, stretches. Then he takes a joy stick. He checks over his shoulder -- Peter's happily splashing about in the plastic balls.
90) 1) text: Shane (Tyler in Snuggle) bursts in, the Brownies follow. We see what he forgot: PETER, still happily playing in the pool of plastic balls. The Manager is watching him.
90) 8) text: Shane wades into the ball pool and pulls Peter out, which is fine, except that he's MISSING HIS DIAPER.
91) 2) text: Reeling, Shane takes Lulu, Peter and Tyler up the path. He protectively guides them past the craziness -- until a football suddenly WHIZZES by. Outraged, Shane snatches it mid-air -- then CRUSHES the ball. POP!
99) 4) text: A long pause -- then the door creaks open. The kids run out and hug Shane with all their strength, bawling. Todd and Zoe enter, terrified. Shane isn't sure what to do... Then, he hugs Peter and Lulu. He really hugs them.
104) 2) text: Shane stands off to the side, shaking his head.    Peter and Tyler are tight in their Snuggles.
112) 39) text: Then, from across the hall, Peter WAILS.   Todd pops his head in the door.
113) 1) text: Tyler's asleep. Shane sighs, and whispers to Peter, reading from Todd's notes:
113) 4) text: Peter starts bawling. Shane doesn't know what's wrong. Todd calls from the doorway...
113) 10) text: Peter applauds. Humiliated, Shane crab-walks sideways.
115) 1) text: Todd sits in the back of the Minivan, listening to Sound of Music on his Walkman, Lulu is next to him, with her Gameboy, Zoe and Peter are half asleep. Shane climbs into the PASSENGER SEAT. Zoe realizes he's staring at her, through the mirror.
118) 1) text: Shane (Peter in lap, Tyler in snuggle) keeps an eye on the Kids at their tables. KIDS boisterously run past. Suddenly -- Claire BARKS out.
120) 1) text: Shane marches the Brownies through a FOREST.    He wears Peter and Tyler in front and rear Snuggles.
131) 1) text: At the end of Peter's crib, Shane performs the "Panda Dance." Singing and doing all the moves -- he's got it down, adding a James Brown flourish, now and then.
131) 13) text: He does a spin kick. Then he tucks Peter in.
131) 17) dialog: (going to sleep) Good night, daddy.
131) 18) text: Shane is so touched, he almost bursts into tears. He kisses Peter on the forehead.
139) 10) dialog: Mama!
150) 2) text: Zoe is in a conservative dress, Todd a button down and khakis: barely recognizable. Lulu has bows in her hair. Peter is fresh faced, smiling, Tyler is asleep: a picture perfect family.
152) 1) text: Julie and the Kids are on the floor, tied up. Peter and Tyler are caged in the play pen. Peter has a JUICE BOX. The Korean Man (Mr. Chun) secures the room, closing the window shades. Bill checks the knots binding the children. They whimper, scared.
155) 32) text: Peter SQUIRTS JUICE into Mr. Chun's face. The Kids use the distraction: Todd POPS to his feet, then LEAPS into his SPIN KICK: it connects with Mr. Chun's head.
155) 35) text: All the kids bounce up. They untie Julie, then scoop up Peter and Tyler. Mr. Chun growls and starts to stagger up. Lulu lands in Karate stance and calls out:
167) 22) text: In the van, Peter laughs.
167) 24) dialog: Wheee!
175) 1) text: Total commotion. The kids clamber from the van, with their hands raised. Cops surround them. Even Peter and Tyler have their little hands over their heads.   The garage door raises, Shane steps out.