33) 2) text: Shane yanks off the DARK FIGURE's hood, revealing SCOTT (16) a nervous teenager. He's dazed, but alright, wearing SHARPER IMAGE night vision goggles.
33) 4) dialog: ... Zoe?
33) 12) text: Shane grabs Scott by the scruff of the neck.
33) 15) text: Freaked, Scott fumbles for his wallet and gives Shane a twenty dollar BILL.
33) 18) text: Befuddled, Scott starts to   do lame push-ups. Shane grab the back of Scott's shirt,   LIFTING him in the air, spinning him away from the   house like a marionette. Sco runs off, calling out from   across the street.
69) 16) text: She practically GAGS as she passes him. Shane looks around at Scott and Zoe, he doesn't say anything, but with his hand he makes a "my eyes on you" gesture.
87) 2) text: Zoe looks around at the mess. She turns to Scott, who doesn't seem concerned at all.
87) 6) dialog: Jus' ma peeps. And the folks who read my BLOG.
92) 1) text: Inside is worse, a total wreck.   Zoe's dancing with Scott.
92) 10) text: Scott is halfway through the doggy door when Shane grabs his ankles and yanks him back in. Shane holds Scott upsidedown by his ankles.
92) 16) text: He hands Scott the mop. Scott gulps - and starts mopping.
92) 21) text: Miserable TEENS scrub. In a bathroom, Scott and Zoe, in Playtex gloves, furiously clean. Scott scrubs the toilet with Pinesol as the Duck swims in the top of the toilet.
92) 23) dialog: This is officially the worst party ever.
96) 1) text: A long line of exhausted party-goers files out. Scott's the last one to leave.
117) 8) text: ANOTHER ANGLE reveals: SCOTT (Zoe's boyfriend), with a few FRIENDS, laughing, being obnoxious. Shane jumps out of the car. Before Scott knows what's happened, Shane's LIFTED him in the air by his backpack. Scott's terrified.
117) 11) text: Scott nods, trembling. Shane lets him down and heads into school.
179) 13) text: In the audience, Julie watches in astonishment. She is surrounded by her children. Scott: in a suit, his hair combed, Claire: dressed to the nines, the little Brownie Troop, even Murney. Lulu has a basket in her lap -- inside: GARY THE DUCK and his new family, the most adorable ducklings you ever saw.