0) 9) dialog: (Irish accent) I do believe the Monsignor finally  got a point.
1) 0) text: Murphy, wearing a white blood soaked smock and apron stan around the corner of the entrance to the loading dock. He grips a gigantic, bloody slab of meat and smirks. Connor  flips his cigarette out the loading dock and passes his  brother's hiding place. He notices the workers have stopp and are looking at him.
1) 1) dialog: What?
1) 2) text: Murphy slaps Connor square in the face with the bloody sl Connor's face is caked with blood as he stands stunned. H then leaps on Murphy, sending him into a pile of nearby  hamburger. He grabs a large cow tongue from a nearby heap and begins slapping Murphy in the face with it as they bo laugh and the workers cheer. Their boss, McGERKIN approaches with a very large woman. Her head is clean-shaven. The two are still laughing, out breath, they turn.
1) 7) dialog: (wipes hand and extends  it) Pleased ta meet ya Rozie.
1) 10) dialog: (taken aback) Okay then... let's get ya started.
1) 11) text: Connor exits with Roz.
1) 20) dialog: Okay, just cut off as much fat as  you can as it goes by and the rule  of thumb here is...
1) 22) dialog: (questioningly) Yeah?
1) 24) text: Connor holds up his thumb and stares at it.
1) 25) dialog: Can't do much damage with that.  Perhaps, it shoulda been the rule of  wrist. Ha! (he elbows her) Rule of wrist.
1) 26) text: She returns an icy stare. He hands her the knife. The co- workers all seem wary of Roz. Murphy stands on one side of Roz, Connor on the other,  surrounded by a tight group of workers. Everyone is withi ear shot of one another, cutting meat as it goes by. Know glances are shared by everyone. It is an uncomfortable mo
1) 27) dialog: Hey Murphy?
1) 29) dialog: (slight smirk) How many feminists does it take to  screw in a light bulb?
1) 31) dialog: Two. One ta screw it in and one ta  suck my cock.
1) 32) text: Everyone burst out laughing. Rozengurtle jabs a knife in piece of meat and turns to Connor. She pushes him and sta walking toward him. He starts backing up, laughing.
1) 34) dialog: (trying to calm her,  but still chuckling) Oh, come on now Rozengurtle. I was  just tryin' ta get a rise outta ya.
1) 40) dialog: Now look Rozengurtle, we're sorry.  Just relax.
1) 41) text: She reaches back and punches Connor full force in the fac He takes the hit very well. He stops backing up.
1) 42) dialog: Why don't you save all your aggression  for protests and marches and what  not.
1) 48) dialog: Fuck you.
1) 49) text: Connor flicks his cigarette butt out the large open loadi doors at the end of the hall. The red brick buildings str down the alley both ways. The glowing butt falls to a fil resting place, directly next to a dented green dumpster w half the paint job scraped off.
1) 52) dialog: Hello.
1) 55) dialog: (interested) Mother, is that you?
1) 57) dialog: Ma, what's wrong?
1) 60) dialog: Shut it. It's Ma.
1) 61) text: Murphy sees the concern in Connor's eyes and takes a step closer.
1) 63) dialog: Mother, what are you sayin'? You're  talkin' crazy here.
1) 69) dialog: What the hell are you doin' with  Da's gun!?
1) 72) dialog: What?! What are you doin'?
1) 74) dialog: (screaming) Pull the trigger?! Have ya lost it  woman?! Now just calm down here.
1) 77) dialog: No ma! No!
1) 80) text: Connor and Murphy are both screaming in panic.
1) 85) dialog: (grabs his balls,  rolls over) Aaaww, shit!... evil woman!
1) 92) dialog: All right, we're both here.
1) 96) dialog: How's Uncle Sibeal?
1) 101) dialog: Oh, Jesus.
1) 103) dialog: Don't even do it, ya bastard.
1) 105) dialog: If that was a girl I want ta see  some papers. She had ta be just  preoperative for Christ sakes.
1) 109) dialog: Well, we tried ta make friends and  she gave me a shot ta the nuts.
1) 111) dialog: Well, I didn't but...
1) 120) dialog: Yeah, we promise.
1) 123) dialog: Yeah. It's been twenty-seven years.
1) 125) dialog: Come on, ma. Out with it. Who came  out first?
1) 132) text: Mom slams down the phone and lets out a throaty laugh. Th boys sign angrily. Connor walks over and hangs up the pho
1) 133) dialog: Crazy woman.
1) 135) dialog: Don't start. I've had ice on mine.
3) 17) dialog: We're alive.
3) 21) text: Everyone in the E.R. looks at Doc in shock. Connor and Mu don't even avert their eyes from the card.
3) 23) dialog: We're going to turn ourselves in. It  was self defense.
3) 27) text: The boys look puzzled. Murphy helps Connor down to his se
3) 31) dialog: Hold this shit for us, Doc. We'll be  comin back for it when we get out.
3) 65) dialog: "We just got up and left. Bum musta  rolled them before the police got  there."
3) 69) dialog: We... met them last night.
3) 73) dialog: (presently, imitating  Doc's voice) Would someone please come over here  and...
3) 75) dialog: me up the...
3) 82) text: Connor pauses then bursts out laughing. Doc calls everyon to gather round.
3) 92) dialog: (imitating Doc) A p-penny saved is worth two in the  bush.
3) 101) dialog: Calm down, Doc. I'm sure they're  reasonable fellows.
3) 103) dialog: Listen fellas, Y'know he's got 'til  this week's end. Ya don't have ta be  hard asses, do ya?
3) 109) dialog: If ya want a fight, you can see you're  outnumbered. We're trying ta be civil  here, so I suggest you take our offer.
3) 113) text: Wham! Ivan punches him in the face. He is quickly down an out. Connor and Murphy's faces turn to stone as they spea the next few lines in flawless fluent Russian with Englis subtitles.
3) 114) dialog: "Now, that wasn't too polite, was  it?"
3) 117) dialog: I don't think Ma would mind.
3) 118) text: They clink the glasses together, throw back the Hennessey ball up the thick glasses in their fists, drop to one kne and both deliver a devastating blow to each of Checkov's  quads. Murphy on the left, Connor on the right. He's down for the count, writhing on the floor. The boy's each take a Russian guy and start fighting as t others start kicking and spitting on Checkov. This is a b brawl, lots of punches don't connect. Connor dismantles h man quickly. Murphy is still fighting as all the Irish tr to jump in and help Murphy but Connor goes into psycho mo pushing them all back.
3) 119) dialog: Let the boy go. He knows what the  fuck he's doing!
3) 121) dialog: Nicely done, boy!
3) 123) dialog: Now, like my fine brother says, on  St. Patty's everyone's Irish. And  this piece of shit is about to be  initiated.
3) 124) text: As they cheer, Connor lights up his smoke and tosses the  match on Ivan's butt. The Hennessey is instantly ablaze and Checkov is screamin and wiggling in horror. Some just stand there stunned, bu most of the remaining onlookers leap to Ivan's aid. They  furiously pat him out and turn on Connor.
3) 130) text: Vladdy pulls him to his feet and leads him away following Checkov. Connor, blood running from his face, listens to absolute  silence for just a moment. Suddenly his face reads the gr of the situation. In a split second he turns into an anim He's yelling, pulling, tugging and growling. His body is a whirlwind of motion. The skin on his wrists bleeds profusely.
3) 141) dialog: We paid attention in school.
3) 146) dialog: Italian.
3) 147) text: Connor speaks flawless Italian with subtitles.
3) 148) dialog: (subtitled) I have no idea. Maybe someone saw  and talked.
3) 150) dialog: Spanish. (subtitled) Then I guess he's just real... real  good.
3) 157) dialog: Absolutely not.
3) 160) dialog: Our mother can see through bags.
3) 167) dialog: He's a nice guy.
3) 177) dialog: Destroy all that which is evil...
3) 181) dialog: Be right back...
3) 223) dialog: Know what we need, man?... some rope.
3) 225) dialog: Charlie Bronson's always got rope.
3) 227) dialog: Yeah, these guys always got a lot of  rope strapped around em in the movies  and they always end up using it.
3) 229) dialog: I'm serious.
3) 231) dialog: I don't know they just always need  it.
3) 233) text: Connor pulls a large hunting knife from Murphy's bag.
3) 234) dialog: Is that right, Rambo?
4) 70) dialog: A bit.
4) 72) text: The elevator stops at the lobby level. Nine, well-dressed men enter. Their faces are not shown. The boys move to th back wall. One guy says something quickly to another in Russian. The other gives a one word Russian response. They boys look a each other. As the elevator climbs, their eyes focus. The door opens. As the men exit the elevator, each face i seen individually, all are victims from Smecker's crime s The elevator goes up half a floor. They hit the stop butt and rummage in their bags. They suit up; black gloves and black masks. They strap on four 9mm. pistols with silence in shoulder holsters, one under each arm. Connor takes a  large coil of black rope and drapes it around himself. He looks at Murphy and at the rope in his bag. Murphy is too excited to argue.
4) 76) dialog: (smiling) See. I told you there'd be a shaft.
4) 85) dialog: We'll find it. Just calm down.
4) 88) dialog: We're doing some serious shit here.  Now, get a hold of yourself, asshole.
4) 90) dialog: Sh, sh! Fuck you!
4) 91) text: Connor grabs Murphy's shirt.
4) 97) dialog: (looks up) That was some good fuckin' rope.
4) 100) dialog: Aye.
4) 102) dialog: Yeah, and ya gotta shoot at him for  ten minutes.
4) 104) dialog: Yes, we are.
4) 107) text: Just then, there's a knock at the door. They snap into ac They stand at each side of the double doors, looking thro the peepholes. They see Rocco on the other side dressed a hotel employee. He wears a polyester shirt with gold trim and a name tag that reads Jaffar. He has a good cart in f of him. They look at each other and grin. Murphy nods. As they op the door, Murphy grabs the food cart and pulls it in. Connor seizes the mortified Rocco and pulls him in, slamm the door shut behind him. They run, dragging him and then throw him in the midst of the bodies. They put their guns right in his face.
4) 109) dialog: (attempting to hide  accent) Where's your gun?
4) 111) dialog: This is a six-shooter.
4) 113) dialog: Oh, you're good. What were you gonna  do? Laugh the last three to death,  funny man?
4) 115) dialog: Let's do him right here.
4) 120) dialog: Certainly illustrates the diversity  of the word.
4) 123) dialog: (slaps his face) Get a hold of yourself, man.
4) 127) dialog: Listen, we gotta get outta here now.  We'll take separate exits and meet  at Rocco's.
4) 132) dialog: Yes.
4) 134) dialog: Weird, huh?... Know what I think is  weird? Decent men with loving families  go home every day after work. They  turn on the news and see rapists,  murderers, and child molesters all  getting out of prison.
4) 136) dialog: Little girls catchin' stray bullets  in their heads, playin' hopscotch in  their front yards. And everyone thinks  the same thing... Someone should  just go kill those motherfuckers.
4) 147) dialog: Nicely put.
4) 153) dialog: Climb the corporate ladder, boy. Don  Rocco.
5) 0) text: The three are passed out all over the apartment. Rocco  awakens. He stumbles past the wall with the large, round, pink stain on it. There is a crooked picture hanging in t middle of it. Rocco staggers to the kitchen and throws water in his fac over a sinkful of dirty dishes. Connor awakens, grabs his jacket and follows Rocco out.
6) 1) dialog: (hung over) Donna's gonna be angry about her  cat.
6) 3) dialog: (chuckles) You sound real remorseful.
6) 4) text: Connor lights up two smokes and hands one to Rocco.
6) 6) dialog: (beat) Listen. Something's been bothering  me about last night.
6) 8) dialog: Well... what if your boss knew how  many guys were supposed to be there...  in that room?
6) 10) dialog: Think about it man. Nine men, six  bullets.
6) 12) dialog: He probably knew you'd end up nailing  the fat guy, maybe one or two more,  but he had to know you weren't walking  out of there. Figure it out. Shooter's  dead on the scene. No in-depth  investigation. It'd slide right off  his back. 'Cause as much as I love  ya, you're not exactly Don Corleone.  What would he be losing? A thirty- five year old delivery boy?
6) 14) dialog: He knows you, man. He knows all you  want is to move up. That's all. A  smooth hitter woulda gone in there,  seen it was a wash and slipped out.  But a guy like you? Knowin' this is  your only chance? Waitin' eighteen  years?
6) 16) dialog: Do me a favor and roll it around for  a bit on your way in.
6) 18) text: Murphy stumbles enters scene with Rocco and Connor.
6) 20) dialog: Yes.
6) 27) dialog: (trying to calm him) Hey, this ain't a thing you should  gamble on, Roc.
6) 31) dialog: Hey. You get in there and start  getting a bad vibe, get the fuck out  quick.
6) 103) dialog: (hopping into his  boots) What happened?
6) 109) dialog: (packing up gear) Who did you kill?
6) 114) dialog: Did I fuckin' tell ya, Rocco? They  pull on you first?
6) 117) dialog: Lakeview the deli? Oh, shit!
7) 1) dialog: Anybody see ya?
7) 7) text: Connor pulls over directly in front of a pink neon sign t says The Sin Bin.
7) 11) dialog: (looks at Murphy) Yeah, well...
7) 15) dialog: I guess we really don't have a system  of deciding who.
7) 18) dialog: I'm strangely comfortable with it.
7) 23) text: He turns and is instantly taken with laughter at Rocco's  appearance. Connor turns, and has the same reaction.
7) 28) dialog: (still laughing) No. No. It looks good. C'mon, put it  back on. It's good.
7) 30) dialog: (imitating mush mouth) Okay Roc. You sure you're O-B-kay-B?
7) 44) text: They back up and focus on the money slot. A hundred dolla bill comes through. Connor gives it to the dancer.
7) 45) dialog: You've earned this.
7) 47) dialog: What the fuck are you doing?
7) 50) dialog: So, when are you getting a plastic  fuck doll?
7) 52) text: He gets up and starts tossing money on her as the boys gi Just then two more bills come through the slots of the ot two doors, which have remained closed. Murphy looks throu left peep hole, Connor the right. Smiles spread across th faces and they look at each other. They switch and each l through the other guy's peep hole.
7) 54) dialog: This place is like a scumbag yard  sale.
7) 60) dialog: No way. I've been waitin' for this  asshole.
7) 63) dialog: (thinks it over) Rocco, this is the real deal. We  must kill without hesitation, without  guilt or remorse. Evil man, dead  man.
7) 64) text: Rocco gets serious and nods his head. Connor replaces the clip in his gun and hands it to Rocco. Murphy does the sa He stands with one in each hand, aiming one gun at each d The boys both place a finger on the appropriate orange  buttons, as Rocco slowly cocks his head back. With wide e he thrusts his head forward. The doors fly up. Rocco fire both guns yelling "Yeah, take it, take it!" Both the drug dealer from outside and the pimp from the emergency room destroyed. Rocco then crosses his arms and fires two more shots from each gun. On the opposing walls of each booth identical bullet holes appear.
8) 2) dialog: Forget it. It's a family prayer. My  father, his father before him that  sort of shit.
13) 8) dialog: Don't worry, Roc. We'll do this guy  right and you'll feel a lot better.
14) 0) text: The three burst in, all yelling at each other. They are a bleeding profusely from gun shot wounds. Connor turns on gas stove and slams a new clothing iron down on the burne He has wrapped the cord around the handle so it won't bur They have all ripped their clothes haphazardly and have m tourniquets to nurse their wounds.
14) 1) dialog: Who the fuck was he, Rocco? I know  you fuckin' know!
15) 0) text: Connor, Murphy and Rocco sit in a parked van, down the st from the Beaver Cleaver house. The three are sitting next each other in the longer back seat. They have a counter i front of them with all their guns and accessories on it. The clicking of bullets into clips, and smacking of clips into guns are heard. Smecker sits in the captain's chair  directly across from them, calmly smoking a cigarette. Th finish their preparation. Rocco holds up his guns.
15) 4) dialog: (cocks his pistol) A-fuckin'-men!
15) 18) text: Connor reaches for the knob but Rocco stops him. They wai guns drawn and focus on the door knob.
16) 6) text: Smecker drops to his knees in perfect synchronicity with  Rocco. They are side by side and leaning back. Rocco fires and the men under the table skip around as th are riddled with bullets. Smecker's mimicking hands follo him perfectly with each shot. The boys and Rocco demask. Rocco goes around to all the bodies and looks earnestly a each one, as Connor and Murphy pick up bullet casings.
16) 10) dialog: Look again for fuck sake!
16) 15) dialog: Let the boy go!
16) 23) text: Murphy is aching to help but Connor is more steady. A man who has been shot starts to regain consciousness. Connor  turns his back to shoot him (slo-mo). Murphy sees his  opportunity, pulls the cue ball from the table, and rolls silently across the carpet toward Rocco. Connor fires with his left hand and as the casing ejects  from the gun he catches it in mid air and makes the sign the cross. Rocco is on his back, the man is straddling hi They both have each others throats and are trying to stra one another. When the ball is within arms reach, Rocco sl his hand down on it and knocks his assailant in the skull He straddles him and begins to mercilessly beat his face with the cue ball, yelling "You sick fuck!" He finally stops, gets up, runs toward the boys, and thro an exhausted punch at Connor who just lays Roc down on th pool table and says, "Nicely done, boy". Murphy tends to  Roc. Connor checks out the man and seems surprised. Murphy takes the bloody cue ball from Rocco's hand and  polishes it off on his jacket, making sure Connor cannot  see. He replaces it perfectly on the table. Smecker now s in front of the table with the cue shining in the backgro
16) 25) text: Smecker exits to the left as Greenly enters from the righ following Smecker out. He walks by the table furiously  scribbling in his notebook. Connor, Murphy and Rocco exit the room, pennies in the eyes of all the corpses in the  background. Rocco holds two duffle bags full of poker mon Greenly stops, picks up the cue ball and looks at the dea man. He shakes his head and says, "Nah".
18) 0) text: Rocco, Connor and Murphy walk toward the front door.
20) 2) text: Our three heroes stand, their jaws dropping as their poin of view reveals the Il Duce, standing alone, his hands fo in front of him. Suddenly, he throws open his trench coat to reveal a spec leather vest beneath. Six guns, all different, are holste on the front of it: three on each side extend from just b his collar bones to his abdomen. Connor and Murphy don't  hesitate. They each draw one of their now unsilenced guns from their shoulder holsters and aim, one arm over each o Rocco's shoulders. The Duke draws his top two weapons and aims.
20) 4) text: They all start shooting at once. The noise is deafening. The Taurus is being pierced and the front of the house is splintering as it is riddled with bullets. Smecker is sti in the middle, hands raised to the heavens, turning circl Rocco's pinky finger gets shot off, sending blood splatte against the house. He dives in the bushes reeling. He pul a gun and starts firing. Murphy catches a bullet in the arm and dives for the bush as well. Il Duce with lightening speed, drops the guns an pulls the next two down as he walks to his right about te feet. He commences firing and the casings hit the sidewal all different calibers and sizes are dropping down the wa It's him and Connor and nobody is backing down. They both grind their teeth as they fire rapidly at each other. At same moment, The Duke gets hit in the arm and Connor take bullet in the leg. The firing ceases for a moment. Connor remains steady and Il Duce looks down at his arm a his own blood splattered on the sidewalk.
20) 6) text: He drops the guns and pulls the last two as he moves to t right. He fires with wrath as he screams the word No over and over. Rocco and Murphy return fire from the bushes ye and swearing, as Connor does the same from his position o the stoop. The Duke turns and runs, leaving a sea of casings, and gu that extend for 35 feet down the walk. There are also two blood stains. In a frenzy the boys and Rocco get up and withdraw some s bottles from their bags. The begin spraying all their own blood stains on the stoop and the front of the white hous They then pick up their things and run off.
21) 13) dialog: Shit.
21) 16) dialog: And he is one smart man.
21) 18) dialog: This guy is very sharp. If he hasn't  figured us out yet, he will.
21) 22) dialog: He isn't to be touched.
22) 31) text: Connor gets the slider open. Rocco's long hair hangs just inches from Connor's face. Connor puts his thumb and  forefinger through, desperately reaching for a lock of Ro hair. Rocco jostles the priest and puts the gun hard to h head.
22) 34) text: Rocco starts to move the priest aside and put his gun to  Smecker's now open slider. Just then Connor snags a piece of Rocco's hair and pulls back hard and fast by it, until his head slams into the  lattice work. Rocco grabs the priest back into position. Connor grabs a nice wad of Rocco's hair with his left han so that the side of Rocco's face is now pressed to the  lattice. Connor then puts a gun to Rocco's head.
22) 35) dialog: (hard whisper) You little fuck. Let him go. I'll  drop you right here.
22) 37) dialog: Let him go or I will deliver you,  right now. (pulls hammer back)
22) 47) text: The priest can hear Connor and Rocco whisper, but Smecker cannot.
22) 49) text: Connor and Rocco stop and listen now.
22) 62) text: Rocco and Connor show their individual looks of surprise.
22) 67) text: The look of surprise on Rocco and Connor's faces show tha the priest is doing a hell of a job.
22) 92) text: Connor slaps him in the back of the head and kicks him in the ass. Rocco's still giggling as they exit.
23) 1) dialog: Well, the light caught the side of  his face for a second. And it looked  like he had a gray beard, maybe...  late fifties, early sixties.
23) 3) dialog: I think it's better if we find this  man before he finds us again.
23) 5) dialog: We're going to hit Poppa Joe tonight,  right in the comfort of his own home.  Then we move on to New York. It's  getting a bit hot for us here.
23) 7) dialog: I'll call you tonight, afterwards. (hangs up)
23) 21) text: They all yell for him to fuck off. Although Rocco is  terrified, he is holding out. Yakavetta fires and Rocco's finger is gone. The blood splatters on Connor's face. Roc screams in pain saying fuck you through his sobs. After r cuffing Rocco, Yakavetta and his goons exit.
23) 29) dialog: (crying) We're here brother.
23) 59) dialog: How far are we going with this, Da?
23) 72) text: They suit up, Connor and Murphy in their usual masks and  gloves, Dad is already in his usual dark hat and glasses. The boys start for the courtroom door but dad gently hold them back. He takes a moment, then slowly removes his hat and glasses. His sons look at one another and then remove their masks. The three look into each others eyes for a  moment.
23) 77) text: Terrified, they all obey. Connor and Murphy pull Yakavett from the witness booth by his hair and place him on his k just before the judge's bench. They face him toward the  occupants of the courtroom. The father walks up and motio for the judge, who is now banging his gavel and shouting protest, to come off the stand. As soon as he is within arms reach, dad takes him by the  collar and drags him down the aisle all the way to where media stands in horror. He turns and walks back down the  aisle.
23) 83) text: The father takes out a flask. He pours the booze on the j bench and set it ablaze. Fire alarms start to sound. Connor and Murphy jump up on the lawyers' tables. Murphy the prosecution side, Connor on the defense. The father h his sawed-off to the back of Yakavetta's head.
23) 84) dialog: (yelling over the  alarm) Now, you will receive us.
23) 86) dialog: We do not want your tired and sick.
23) 88) dialog: It is your evil, who will be sought  by us.
23) 90) dialog: Each day we will spill their blood  till it rains down from the skies.
23) 92) dialog: These are not polite suggestions.  They are codes of behavior and those  that ignore them will pay the dearest  cost. (points to Yakavetta)
23) 94) dialog: For if you do, there will come the  day when you look behind you and see  we three. And on that day you will  reap it.
23) 96) text: Connor and Murphy jump off the table. They approach Yakav and stand on either side of their father. All three men h guns to his head and recite the prayer. As they speak, th right side of the courtroom screams in protest. The left  watches in wide-eyed terror, although some men encourage  them to do it. The MacManus' read the prayer. They do not falter as the flames rage behind them. Yakavetta, accepting his fate, closing his eyes. Peaceful he does the sign of the cross. The all fire at once. The  room explodes in confusion. The three exit the back.