19) 0) text: (Slo-mo) Two black leather boots slowly walk up the sidew and stop in front of the new, gray Ford Taurus then turn  toward the house. Il Duce removes a white balloon filled  with a few ounces of fluid from the pocket of his black t coat. He throws it on the walk, the blood splatters. He p up the remnants of the balloon and puts them back in his  pocket and stands there waiting, looking at the house.
20) 2) text: Our three heroes stand, their jaws dropping as their poin of view reveals the Il Duce, standing alone, his hands fo in front of him. Suddenly, he throws open his trench coat to reveal a spec leather vest beneath. Six guns, all different, are holste on the front of it: three on each side extend from just b his collar bones to his abdomen. Connor and Murphy don't  hesitate. They each draw one of their now unsilenced guns from their shoulder holsters and aim, one arm over each o Rocco's shoulders. The Duke draws his top two weapons and aims.
20) 4) text: They all start shooting at once. The noise is deafening. The Taurus is being pierced and the front of the house is splintering as it is riddled with bullets. Smecker is sti in the middle, hands raised to the heavens, turning circl Rocco's pinky finger gets shot off, sending blood splatte against the house. He dives in the bushes reeling. He pul a gun and starts firing. Murphy catches a bullet in the arm and dives for the bush as well. Il Duce with lightening speed, drops the guns an pulls the next two down as he walks to his right about te feet. He commences firing and the casings hit the sidewal all different calibers and sizes are dropping down the wa It's him and Connor and nobody is backing down. They both grind their teeth as they fire rapidly at each other. At same moment, The Duke gets hit in the arm and Connor take bullet in the leg. The firing ceases for a moment. Connor remains steady and Il Duce looks down at his arm a his own blood splattered on the sidewalk.
20) 5) dialog: No!... No! No!...