3) 173) text: The press is ablaze with questions. Smecker turns and wal down the precinct steps, passing Rocco, who carries a bun of folded clothes, and heads for the police station. Smec glances in Rocco's direction, barely noticing the man who has already passed him.
9) 0) text: FLASHCUT: They pull up to a house in a scummy, Boston Log Airport neighborhood. Rocco gets out and sits on the hood smoking as the man makes his way up the walk.
10) 0) text: Two tough looking wiseguys walk across a hallway cocking  shotguns. They disappear into a room. FLASHCUT : He quietly enters the house and pulls a large  bright-blue plastic tarp from his coat and spreads it acr the floor in the hallway. We hear the sound of Sega video games being played. He pulls out two pistols with silence and walk. He disappears into the living room. Two white flashes and the sounds of silencers. A hookerish looking mom enters f in the B.G. in the kitchen. She is talking on the phone. disappears from view. The man reappears and walks to the  kitchen. A white flash and the sounds of silencer. He walks right down the hall and halts right in front of and listens. He goes into the room the wiseguys had enter We hear a second of male voices in protest. Two flashes o light and the sounds of silencers. A dog is heard barking The man reappears in the hall and walks to its end, throu the kitchen. He opens a pair of sliding doors and steps o of our view. A flash of white light and the sound of a  silencer.
12) 0) text: FLASHCUT : The man drags a dead dog across the kitchen fl leaving a streak of blood. FLASHCUT : He drags the bodies two kids, two men and the woman down the hall toward us  leaving the hall carpet streaked with blood.
12) 2) text: FLASHCUT : The man pulls out a large hunting knife and  disappears into each room. The sounds of hacking are hear He reappears holding different pieces of bloody debris. A telephone, a piece of carpet, pieces of drywall. He takes mop and cleans off the blood on the linoleum of the kitch floor. He walks toward us and stabs the mop in right before came It stays standing. FLASHCUT : We see from his p.o.v. a pile of broken bodies bloody debris and a dead dog with a mop sticking out the  top.
13) 0) text: FLASHCUT : The man steps outside and motions Rocco in.
13) 2) dialog: I have a poker game at the house  every Saturday with a couple of guys  you know. Why don't you come down?  Wife makes a hell of a bar-g-que.
13) 4) dialog: I don't know.
16) 23) text: Murphy is aching to help but Connor is more steady. A man who has been shot starts to regain consciousness. Connor  turns his back to shoot him (slo-mo). Murphy sees his  opportunity, pulls the cue ball from the table, and rolls silently across the carpet toward Rocco. Connor fires with his left hand and as the casing ejects  from the gun he catches it in mid air and makes the sign the cross. Rocco is on his back, the man is straddling hi They both have each others throats and are trying to stra one another. When the ball is within arms reach, Rocco sl his hand down on it and knocks his assailant in the skull He straddles him and begins to mercilessly beat his face with the cue ball, yelling "You sick fuck!" He finally stops, gets up, runs toward the boys, and thro an exhausted punch at Connor who just lays Roc down on th pool table and says, "Nicely done, boy". Murphy tends to  Roc. Connor checks out the man and seems surprised. Murphy takes the bloody cue ball from Rocco's hand and  polishes it off on his jacket, making sure Connor cannot  see. He replaces it perfectly on the table. Smecker now s in front of the table with the cue shining in the backgro