0) 10) dialog: (Irish accent) Aye.
1) 0) text: Murphy, wearing a white blood soaked smock and apron stan around the corner of the entrance to the loading dock. He grips a gigantic, bloody slab of meat and smirks. Connor  flips his cigarette out the loading dock and passes his  brother's hiding place. He notices the workers have stopp and are looking at him.
1) 2) text: Murphy slaps Connor square in the face with the bloody sl Connor's face is caked with blood as he stands stunned. H then leaps on Murphy, sending him into a pile of nearby  hamburger. He grabs a large cow tongue from a nearby heap and begins slapping Murphy in the face with it as they bo laugh and the workers cheer. Their boss, McGERKIN approaches with a very large woman. Her head is clean-shaven. The two are still laughing, out breath, they turn.
1) 12) dialog: Christ, that's the largest woman  I've ever seen.
1) 14) dialog: Well, how politically correct you  are. That's good stuff.
1) 16) dialog: Well, as long as we're hirin' fat  lesbians, give your ma a call.
1) 17) text: Murphy laughs as he jogs away.
1) 26) text: She returns an icy stare. He hands her the knife. The co- workers all seem wary of Roz. Murphy stands on one side of Roz, Connor on the other,  surrounded by a tight group of workers. Everyone is withi ear shot of one another, cutting meat as it goes by. Know glances are shared by everyone. It is an uncomfortable mo
1) 28) dialog: Aye.
1) 30) dialog: How many?
1) 35) dialog: Yeah. Just tryin' ta break the ice  is all.
1) 37) dialog: Oh, come on its St. Patty's Day.  It's all in good fun.
1) 45) text: Rozengurtle begins to turn, raising her fist to Murphy. Murphy winds up and punches her square in the face. She l on her back. The on-lookers are stunned as he walks over stands above her.
1) 46) dialog: Guess you'll have ta change that  tattoo now, won't ya Rozie!?
1) 58) text: Murphy shuts off the water.
1) 59) dialog: No fuckin' hot water man. That...
1) 61) text: Murphy sees the concern in Connor's eyes and takes a step closer.
1) 64) text: Murphy is drawing closer with concern.
1) 65) dialog: What's the matter with her?
1) 70) dialog: (widening eyes) What the...?
1) 75) dialog: (eyes widen) Oh my god!
1) 80) text: Connor and Murphy are both screaming in panic.
1) 86) dialog: Lord have mercy. That was a good one  ma.
1) 88) text: Murphy holds the receiver in the air. Mom's still laughin
1) 89) dialog: (to Connor) Oh, she's quite proud of herself.
1) 95) dialog: Just called ta torture us did ya?
1) 100) dialog: Well you tell him ta take it easy  with that. He's gotta learn ta respect  women the way Connor does.
1) 102) dialog: I gave him his first lesson in  sensitivity toward the fairer sex  just today.
1) 104) dialog: (laughs) He got beat up by a girl. 
1) 112) dialog: (shaking his fist) Don't worry, I respected the hell  out of her for ya, Ma.
1) 119) dialog: We promise.
1) 122) dialog: All right, love ya ma. Listen, before  ya go just give us the goods, eh?
1) 134) text: When he turns, he notices Murphy is fixated on his brothe crotch. A triumphant smile spreads across his face.
3) 12) dialog: Okay. Just calm down. Take it easy.  He'll have his day. He'll have his (turns) FUCKIN' DAY!
3) 15) dialog: Thanks for comin', Doc.
3) 25) dialog: How the fuck's he know that? We  haven't spoken to anyone yet.
3) 27) text: The boys look puzzled. Murphy helps Connor down to his se
3) 28) dialog: Listen Doc, we need a favor.
3) 30) text: Murphy hands Doc a partially filled garbage bag.
3) 54) dialog: (loud) You'd probably have better luck with  a beer.
3) 61) text: Smecker reaches for the record button. Murphy puts out hi hand to stop him.
3) 62) dialog: (politely) Excuse me, sir.
3) 63) text: Murphy turns to his brother and speaks in Latin, in hushe tones. It is subtitled in English.
3) 64) dialog: "What do we tell him about the guns  and money?"
3) 66) dialog: (to Smecker) Okay. We're ready.
3) 93) dialog: (imitating Doc) Don't c-cross the road if ya can't  get out of the kitchen.
3) 96) dialog: (after a long pause) This is McCoy... we find Spock and  we got enough for an away team.
3) 102) text: He and Murphy each grab a Guinness and a shot of Hennesse and they approach the Russians with the peace offering.
3) 104) dialog: Yeah, it's St. Patty's day. Everyone's  Irish tonight. Now, why don't ya  pull up a stool and have a drink  with us?
3) 113) text: Wham! Ivan punches him in the face. He is quickly down an out. Connor and Murphy's faces turn to stone as they spea the next few lines in flawless fluent Russian with Englis subtitles.
3) 115) dialog: "I'm afraid we can't let that one  go, Ivan."
3) 118) text: They clink the glasses together, throw back the Hennessey ball up the thick glasses in their fists, drop to one kne and both deliver a devastating blow to each of Checkov's  quads. Murphy on the left, Connor on the right. He's down for the count, writhing on the floor. The boy's each take a Russian guy and start fighting as t others start kicking and spitting on Checkov. This is a b brawl, lots of punches don't connect. Connor dismantles h man quickly. Murphy is still fighting as all the Irish tr to jump in and help Murphy but Connor goes into psycho mo pushing them all back.
3) 120) text: They all back off and start to cheer him on. Murphy and V are ripping each other apart. Vladdy backs him against a  wall and pulls back, exhausted, for one good punch. Murph reaches up behind his head with both hands and pulls two  bottles of wine from a wall rack. He swings them toward e other with Vladdy's head as the mid-point. The bottles  haphazardly connect, one on each side of his head. He cru to the ground in an explosion of glass and wine. There is shock and silence.
3) 129) dialog: It was just a bar fight. You guys  are fuckin' pussies!
3) 143) dialog: Aye. Our mother insisted on it.  French.
3) 144) text: Murphy speaks flawless French with subtitles.
3) 145) dialog: (subtitled) How do you think he figured all this  out without talking to us?
3) 149) dialog: German. (subtitled) Not in our neighborhood, man. A  hundred percent Irish. No one talks  to cops. Period.
3) 158) dialog: No pictures, either.
3) 161) dialog: Aye, she can.  (beat) Any way we can stay here?
3) 168) text: Murphy speaks with the characteristic gay man's lingering "S".
3) 169) dialog: Yes... he is.
3) 178) dialog: ...so that which is good may flourish
3) 183) text: Duffy hands Murphy a jelly donut and a cup of coffee as D spreads a copy of the Boston Globe in front of Murphy. Th headlines read "The Saints of South Boston." All the  detectives chuckle as Murphy is momentarily absorbed. He  takes the paper.
3) 184) dialog: Saints?   (beat) I will not accept this pizzle until  my feet have been properly anointed.
3) 224) dialog: For what?
3) 226) dialog: What?
3) 228) dialog: Oh, you've lost it, haven't ya?
3) 230) dialog: Me too. That's stupid. Name one thing  we're gonna need it for.
3) 232) dialog: What is all this "they" shit? This  ain't a movie.
3) 233) text: Connor pulls a large hunting knife from Murphy's bag.
3) 235) dialog: All right, get the stupid fuckin'  rope.
4) 69) dialog: Nervous?
4) 71) dialog: Me, too.
4) 72) text: The elevator stops at the lobby level. Nine, well-dressed men enter. Their faces are not shown. The boys move to th back wall. One guy says something quickly to another in Russian. The other gives a one word Russian response. They boys look a each other. As the elevator climbs, their eyes focus. The door opens. As the men exit the elevator, each face i seen individually, all are victims from Smecker's crime s The elevator goes up half a floor. They hit the stop butt and rummage in their bags. They suit up; black gloves and black masks. They strap on four 9mm. pistols with silence in shoulder holsters, one under each arm. Connor takes a  large coil of black rope and drapes it around himself. He looks at Murphy and at the rope in his bag. Murphy is too excited to argue.
4) 73) dialog: You and your fucking rope.
4) 77) dialog: (smiling) Just like on TV.
4) 84) dialog: Where the fuck are you going?
4) 86) dialog: No, fuck you. This rope is bullshit.  I'm sweatin' my ass off draggin'  this stupid thing around. Must weigh  30 pounds.
4) 87) text: Murphy takes off the rope.
4) 89) dialog: Asshole!? I'm not the rope-totin'  Charlie Bronson wanna-be that's  getting' us lost!
4) 91) text: Connor grabs Murphy's shirt.
4) 92) dialog: No, fuck you!
4) 99) dialog: That was way easier than I thought.
4) 101) dialog: On TV ya always get that asshole  that jumps behind the couch.
4) 103) dialog: Oh, we're good man.
4) 105) text: They are already striding for a suitcase full of money. Murphy picks up a wad of bills.
4) 106) dialog: I love our new job.
4) 107) text: Just then, there's a knock at the door. They snap into ac They stand at each side of the double doors, looking thro the peepholes. They see Rocco on the other side dressed a hotel employee. He wears a polyester shirt with gold trim and a name tag that reads Jaffar. He has a good cart in f of him. They look at each other and grin. Murphy nods. As they op the door, Murphy grabs the food cart and pulls it in. Connor seizes the mortified Rocco and pulls him in, slamm the door shut behind him. They run, dragging him and then throw him in the midst of the bodies. They put their guns right in his face.
4) 112) dialog: (hiding accent) Nine bodies.
4) 116) dialog: Right now.
4) 124) text: Rocco is silent and surprised. Murphy, also surprised, lo at Rocco. All is quiet.
4) 125) dialog: Yeah, get a hold of yourself.
4) 126) text: Murphy jokingly slaps Rocco a second time. Rocco instantl jumps on Murphy, cursing and punching. The brothers burst into laughter as they subdue Rocco. As he calms down, the release him.
4) 128) text: Murphy puts the two suitcases in his duffle bag and the t brush by Rocco who is still unsatisfied with his explanat
4) 135) dialog: Mafiosos getting caught with 20 kilos  and walkin' on bail the same day.
4) 137) dialog: Kill em all. Admit it, even you've  thought about it.
4) 142) dialog: (chuckling) Hallelujah, Jaffar.
4) 146) dialog: We're like 7-Eleven. We ain't always  doing business, but we're always  open.
4) 150) dialog: Who says that? You could take credit  on it.
4) 152) dialog: Yeah, fuck it. If you think about  it, it's all you can do really. You  can't tell him it was us. Go in  braggin' and shit.
4) 157) text: Rocco slams his fist down on the table next to Murphy's g The gun goes off with a bang! and blows the lounging cat  right off the table. A softball-sized hole is blasted in wall as a large splatter of blood sprays the area surroun the hole. Everyone is in shock for a second.
4) 158) dialog: I can't fuckin' believe that just  happened!
6) 18) text: Murphy stumbles enters scene with Rocco and Connor.
6) 19) dialog: (to Rocco) Where are you goin'? (to Connor) Did you tell him?
6) 21) dialog: (to Rocco) Then what the fuck?
6) 23) dialog: Oh, Jesus. You're such a fuckin'  retard!
6) 25) dialog: Use your brain for once. Is it so  unbelievable they don't care about  you? You are fuckin' dead, you go in  there today. Dead!
6) 29) dialog: Fuck it! What kind of flowers ya  want at your funeral? Ya dumb Wop.  This is the last time I'll see you.  Bye-bye ya stupid son of a bitch.
6) 33) dialog: Hello?
6) 35) dialog: Roc. You okay?
6) 37) dialog: No. You sure you're okay?
6) 94) dialog: Hello?
6) 96) dialog: Roc. You okay?
6) 98) dialog: No. You sure you're okay?
6) 106) dialog: Hey, hey. Just calm down. Tell us  what happened!
6) 110) dialog: (packing up gear) Holy shit. Who? How many?
6) 112) dialog: This is some crazy shit, man!
6) 118) dialog: Ha! Ha! Roc, you got a jumbo set of  coconut balls man!
6) 144) dialog: You sure you killed them?
7) 3) dialog: Liberating isn't it?
7) 9) dialog: So?
7) 13) dialog: Well, truth be known, those first  ones just kinda fell into our laps.
7) 17) dialog: (to Connor) So what do you think?
7) 22) dialog: Okay Roc, this is...
7) 26) dialog: (through laughter) You look like Mush Mouth from Fat  Albert.
7) 36) dialog: How?
7) 49) dialog: We've teamed up with a sex offender.
7) 52) text: He gets up and starts tossing money on her as the boys gi Just then two more bills come through the slots of the ot two doors, which have remained closed. Murphy looks throu left peep hole, Connor the right. Smiles spread across th faces and they look at each other. They switch and each l through the other guy's peep hole.
7) 55) dialog: We gotta come down here once a week  and clean house.
7) 62) dialog: Give the guy a shot.
7) 64) text: Rocco gets serious and nods his head. Connor replaces the clip in his gun and hands it to Rocco. Murphy does the sa He stands with one in each hand, aiming one gun at each d The boys both place a finger on the appropriate orange  buttons, as Rocco slowly cocks his head back. With wide e he thrusts his head forward. The doors fly up. Rocco fire both guns yelling "Yeah, take it, take it!" Both the drug dealer from outside and the pimp from the emergency room destroyed. Rocco then crosses his arms and fires two more shots from each gun. On the opposing walls of each booth identical bullet holes appear.
13) 7) dialog: (pause) Well, I'm sold.
14) 3) dialog: Well he sure as fuck knew you!
15) 0) text: Connor, Murphy and Rocco sit in a parked van, down the st from the Beaver Cleaver house. The three are sitting next each other in the longer back seat. They have a counter i front of them with all their guns and accessories on it. The clicking of bullets into clips, and smacking of clips into guns are heard. Smecker sits in the captain's chair  directly across from them, calmly smoking a cigarette. Th finish their preparation. Rocco holds up his guns.
15) 2) text: Murphy spies a young boy peddling his bike out of the  driveway. He goes to the front of the van.
15) 3) dialog: There he goes. (turns back to them,  pulls his guns) Okay, gentlemen. Are we ready to  bring this man into the light? Are  we ready to truly do the work of the  Lord?
16) 6) text: Smecker drops to his knees in perfect synchronicity with  Rocco. They are side by side and leaning back. Rocco fires and the men under the table skip around as th are riddled with bullets. Smecker's mimicking hands follo him perfectly with each shot. The boys and Rocco demask. Rocco goes around to all the bodies and looks earnestly a each one, as Connor and Murphy pick up bullet casings.
16) 8) dialog: What the fuck do you mean?
16) 17) dialog: C'mon Roc!
16) 23) text: Murphy is aching to help but Connor is more steady. A man who has been shot starts to regain consciousness. Connor  turns his back to shoot him (slo-mo). Murphy sees his  opportunity, pulls the cue ball from the table, and rolls silently across the carpet toward Rocco. Connor fires with his left hand and as the casing ejects  from the gun he catches it in mid air and makes the sign the cross. Rocco is on his back, the man is straddling hi They both have each others throats and are trying to stra one another. When the ball is within arms reach, Rocco sl his hand down on it and knocks his assailant in the skull He straddles him and begins to mercilessly beat his face with the cue ball, yelling "You sick fuck!" He finally stops, gets up, runs toward the boys, and thro an exhausted punch at Connor who just lays Roc down on th pool table and says, "Nicely done, boy". Murphy tends to  Roc. Connor checks out the man and seems surprised. Murphy takes the bloody cue ball from Rocco's hand and  polishes it off on his jacket, making sure Connor cannot  see. He replaces it perfectly on the table. Smecker now s in front of the table with the cue shining in the backgro
16) 25) text: Smecker exits to the left as Greenly enters from the righ following Smecker out. He walks by the table furiously  scribbling in his notebook. Connor, Murphy and Rocco exit the room, pennies in the eyes of all the corpses in the  background. Rocco holds two duffle bags full of poker mon Greenly stops, picks up the cue ball and looks at the dea man. He shakes his head and says, "Nah".
18) 0) text: Rocco, Connor and Murphy walk toward the front door.
20) 2) text: Our three heroes stand, their jaws dropping as their poin of view reveals the Il Duce, standing alone, his hands fo in front of him. Suddenly, he throws open his trench coat to reveal a spec leather vest beneath. Six guns, all different, are holste on the front of it: three on each side extend from just b his collar bones to his abdomen. Connor and Murphy don't  hesitate. They each draw one of their now unsilenced guns from their shoulder holsters and aim, one arm over each o Rocco's shoulders. The Duke draws his top two weapons and aims.
20) 4) text: They all start shooting at once. The noise is deafening. The Taurus is being pierced and the front of the house is splintering as it is riddled with bullets. Smecker is sti in the middle, hands raised to the heavens, turning circl Rocco's pinky finger gets shot off, sending blood splatte against the house. He dives in the bushes reeling. He pul a gun and starts firing. Murphy catches a bullet in the arm and dives for the bush as well. Il Duce with lightening speed, drops the guns an pulls the next two down as he walks to his right about te feet. He commences firing and the casings hit the sidewal all different calibers and sizes are dropping down the wa It's him and Connor and nobody is backing down. They both grind their teeth as they fire rapidly at each other. At same moment, The Duke gets hit in the arm and Connor take bullet in the leg. The firing ceases for a moment. Connor remains steady and Il Duce looks down at his arm a his own blood splattered on the sidewalk.
20) 6) text: He drops the guns and pulls the last two as he moves to t right. He fires with wrath as he screams the word No over and over. Rocco and Murphy return fire from the bushes ye and swearing, as Connor does the same from his position o the stoop. The Duke turns and runs, leaving a sea of casings, and gu that extend for 35 feet down the walk. There are also two blood stains. In a frenzy the boys and Rocco get up and withdraw some s bottles from their bags. The begin spraying all their own blood stains on the stoop and the front of the white hous They then pick up their things and run off.
21) 15) dialog: That's the guy that got us off the  hook with the "Checkov" thing.
21) 19) dialog: You bet your ass he will.
21) 23) dialog: He's a good man.
22) 15) dialog: We have to go now. (giggles) We're on the lamb.
23) 31) dialog: (sobbing) We'll keep going, Roc.
23) 69) dialog: Ten minutes.
23) 72) text: They suit up, Connor and Murphy in their usual masks and  gloves, Dad is already in his usual dark hat and glasses. The boys start for the courtroom door but dad gently hold them back. He takes a moment, then slowly removes his hat and glasses. His sons look at one another and then remove their masks. The three look into each others eyes for a  moment.
23) 77) text: Terrified, they all obey. Connor and Murphy pull Yakavett from the witness booth by his hair and place him on his k just before the judge's bench. They face him toward the  occupants of the courtroom. The father walks up and motio for the judge, who is now banging his gavel and shouting protest, to come off the stand. As soon as he is within arms reach, dad takes him by the  collar and drags him down the aisle all the way to where media stands in horror. He turns and walks back down the  aisle.
23) 83) text: The father takes out a flask. He pours the booze on the j bench and set it ablaze. Fire alarms start to sound. Connor and Murphy jump up on the lawyers' tables. Murphy the prosecution side, Connor on the defense. The father h his sawed-off to the back of Yakavetta's head.
23) 85) dialog: (yelling over the  alarm) We do not ask for your poor or your  hungry.
23) 87) dialog: It is your corrupt we claim.
23) 89) dialog: With every breath we shall hunt them  down.
23) 91) dialog: Do not kill, do not rape, do not  steal. These are principles which  every man of every faith can embrace.
23) 93) dialog: There are varying degrees of evil.  We urge you lesser forms of filth (pointing to  Yakavetta's people) Not to push the bounds and cross  over into true corruption... into  our domain.
23) 95) dialog: And we will send you to whatever God  you wish.
23) 96) text: Connor and Murphy jump off the table. They approach Yakav and stand on either side of their father. All three men h guns to his head and recite the prayer. As they speak, th right side of the courtroom screams in protest. The left  watches in wide-eyed terror, although some men encourage  them to do it. The MacManus' read the prayer. They do not falter as the flames rage behind them. Yakavetta, accepting his fate, closing his eyes. Peaceful he does the sign of the cross. The all fire at once. The  room explodes in confusion. The three exit the back.