3) 77) text: Everyone falls down laughing. Doc is angry and starts thr ice at them. DAVID DELLA ROCCO makes his way through the  crowd. Rocco is thirty-two years old. He has shoulder-len dark hair and a full beard and mustache that wrap around big smile. He charges up to the bar and yells to Doc.
3) 78) dialog: Hey! Fuck! Ass! Get me a beer!
3) 79) text: This sends everyone even further into laughter. Doc throw two huge fists full of ice at him. He backs away laughing The boys get up off the floor and have a huge group hug w Rocco as they all scream each others names. They all laugh and commence drinking.
3) 81) dialog: (trying to connect  with Connor) ...It's not that I'm homophobic. I'm  just afraid of faggots.
3) 85) dialog: Let me talk to my boss, may I can...
3) 89) dialog: Y'know Doc, I gotta get you a, a,  like a proverb book or something.  This mix and match shit's gotta go.
3) 111) text: Rocco pushes off the bar. He's had enough.
3) 112) dialog: (standing between the  two brothers) Hey, there Boris. What would you say  if I told you that your pinko, commie  mother sucked so much dick...
3) 173) text: The press is ablaze with questions. Smecker turns and wal down the precinct steps, passing Rocco, who carries a bun of folded clothes, and heads for the police station. Smec glances in Rocco's direction, barely noticing the man who has already passed him.
3) 188) dialog: (a bit defiant) Joey Bevo said it was important.  Said I had to give it to him myself.
3) 190) text: Rocco obeys like an angry child. Vincenzo puts it in fron of Yakavetta. He sits on a filing cabinet and flips his c Vincenzo giggles and whispers as he pokes fun at Rocco. The two of them resemble kids behind the teacher's back.
3) 192) dialog: Fuck you Vincenzo.
3) 194) dialog: I caught your show down at the velvet  room at the Holiday Inn, loved it  when you busted into Viva Las Vegas.
3) 195) text: Vincenzo's face drops he gets up and starts walking towar Rocco. Roc points at him from a seated position. He's sca
3) 196) dialog: Hey, hey, hey...
3) 199) text: He slams the phone down. Rocco and Vincenzo are shocked b try to look composed.
3) 201) text: As he speaks he unwraps the wax paper in the bag. Rocco l over his shoulder. It's a sandwich. He's embarrassed. Vincenzo smirks at him.
3) 202) dialog: Poppa Joe, you want me to go now?
3) 204) text: Rocco starts for the door. Vincenzo begins whispering in  Yakavetta's ear.
3) 206) dialog: Yeah boss?
3) 207) text: Vincenzo continues whispering for a few more seconds, lon enough for Rocco to see. Vincenzo's lips are tight. His t grind.
3) 209) dialog: (totally intimidated) The... The funny man.
3) 211) dialog: (terrified) Uh. Okay... um... you hear the one  about the, no fuck that one... uh...  oh! oh! Well... shit. Okay, there's  a white guy. He's walkin' along the  beach and he finds a, a pot, y'know  and ah, he rubs it and this genie  pops out. But this genie, he's a  ni... he's a black guy.
3) 213) dialog: Yeah. And uh, he's pissed off. He  says, "Why you crackers always gotta  find my mother fuckin' pot? And he  tells him he's gonna grant all his  three wishes but he's gonna give all  the black guys...
3) 215) dialog: Sorry! Sorry! All the niggers on the  planet get double what he wishes  for. "I'll take a million dollars,"  he says. Genie give it to him and  says every nigger on earth just got  two million. "I don't care gimme a  yacht." Poof there it is. (intimidated, losing  steam) E-every bl... every nigger just got  two yachts. Genie goes... (gives up) I'm sorry Poppa Joe. I can't. This  joke sucks.
3) 218) dialog: (deflated) He says, "What's your third wish?"  And the guys says, "I-I want you to  beat me half to death."
3) 221) text: Rocco returns to terror. Yakavetta erupts again pointing Rocco.
4) 65) dialog: This better be good.  (viciously ties his  hair back) Talk!
4) 107) text: Just then, there's a knock at the door. They snap into ac They stand at each side of the double doors, looking thro the peepholes. They see Rocco on the other side dressed a hotel employee. He wears a polyester shirt with gold trim and a name tag that reads Jaffar. He has a good cart in f of him. They look at each other and grin. Murphy nods. As they op the door, Murphy grabs the food cart and pulls it in. Connor seizes the mortified Rocco and pulls him in, slamm the door shut behind him. They run, dragging him and then throw him in the midst of the bodies. They put their guns right in his face.
4) 108) dialog: Oh, God! Don't kill me! We're on the  same side! The boss musta sent you  in as back up, huh? Oh, shit, please!  I'm Rocco. I'm the funny man. (almost crying) They call me the funny fuckin' man!
4) 110) dialog: Chest pocket.  (they take it) Shit!
4) 114) dialog: Poppa Joe said there was only two.  In and out. (trying to make friends) Boy, you guys sure did a good job.  You're good, huh? Cool masks. Where'd  you get them?
4) 117) dialog: (screaming like a  baby) Don't kill me. Oh shit, please no.  I'm Rocco. I'm the funny man!... the  funny man... the funny.
4) 118) text: The boys put their faces close to his and demask. They st laughing but Rocco just lays there, wide-eyed, in shock. They boys saunter to the bar. Rocco takes a long beat.
4) 119) dialog: What did you do?! Fuckin'... what  the fuckin' fuck! Who the fuck, fucked  this fuckin'? fuck. How did you two  fuckin', fucks?......... FUCK!!!
4) 122) dialog: What the fuck are you doing here?  What, huh!? WHAT? WHAT? WHAT? ANSWERS!  I WANT FUCKIN' ANSWERS!
4) 124) text: Rocco is silent and surprised. Murphy, also surprised, lo at Rocco. All is quiet.
4) 126) text: Murphy jokingly slaps Rocco a second time. Rocco instantl jumps on Murphy, cursing and punching. The brothers burst into laughter as they subdue Rocco. As he calms down, the release him.
4) 128) text: Murphy puts the two suitcases in his duffle bag and the t brush by Rocco who is still unsatisfied with his explanat
4) 129) dialog: Fuck!
4) 131) dialog: Anybody you think is evil?
4) 133) dialog: Don't you think that's a little  psycho? A little weird?
4) 138) text: Rocco ponders this as the boys continue to clean their  weapons.
4) 139) dialog: You guys should be in every major  city.
4) 140) text: The boys chuckle. Rocco steadily works himself into a hum frenzy.
4) 141) dialog: This is some heavy shit. This is  like Lone Ranger-heavy man. Fuck it!  There's so much shit that pisses me  off. You guys should recruit 'cause  I am sick and fuckin' tired of walkin'  down the street waitin' for one of  these assholes to get me, y'know?
4) 143) dialog: So you're not just talkin' mob guys.  You're talkin' anyone, right? Even  like pimps and drug dealers and all  that shit?
4) 145) dialog: Well fuck, you guys could do this  every day.
4) 149) dialog: You fuckin' guys. You ruined me. I'm  fuckin' done. Permanent package boy.
4) 151) dialog: What are you serious?
4) 154) dialog: Fuck it! I'm doing it. I deserve it.  I've been working for those fat  bastards since I was in high school  and look at this place.
4) 156) dialog: (working into a frenzy) They're fuckin' me man! Hey, they  can suck my pathetic little dick.  And I'll dip my nuts in marinara  just so the fat fucks can get a taste  of home while they're at it. That's  it, it's done, I'm doing it.
4) 157) text: Rocco slams his fist down on the table next to Murphy's g The gun goes off with a bang! and blows the lounging cat  right off the table. A softball-sized hole is blasted in wall as a large splatter of blood sprays the area surroun the hole. Everyone is in shock for a second.
5) 0) text: The three are passed out all over the apartment. Rocco  awakens. He stumbles past the wall with the large, round, pink stain on it. There is a crooked picture hanging in t middle of it. Rocco staggers to the kitchen and throws water in his fac over a sinkful of dirty dishes. Connor awakens, grabs his jacket and follows Rocco out.
6) 2) dialog: Shit. She's on every drug know to  man. She'd have sold that thing for  a dime bag. Screw her.  (beat) But I do kinda feel like an ass-hole.
6) 4) text: Connor lights up two smokes and hands one to Rocco.
6) 5) dialog: She ain't been around in weeks anyhow.
6) 7) dialog: What?
6) 9) dialog: What are you saying?
6) 11) dialog: You think they sold me out? No way.
6) 13) dialog: No, no. That's just not the way things  are done. Besides, how's he know I  don't just get in there see there's  too many and just serve em their  fuckin' food and beat it?
6) 15) dialog: No. No man. That's... that's... you  don't know what you're talking about.  That's bullshit. I know these guys.  I mean, thanks for your concern, but  that just ain't the thing of it.
6) 17) dialog: No, look. No rolling. Nothing needs  to be rolled.
6) 18) text: Murphy stumbles enters scene with Rocco and Connor.
6) 22) dialog: Hey. You don't know that shit for  sure.
6) 24) dialog: Fuck you!
6) 26) dialog: Oh yeah. You two fuckin' Micks know  what's going on, huh? (flips them off) Fuck you!
6) 30) dialog: (walking away) I'll be back at 9:00.
6) 34) dialog: Hey Murph.
6) 36) dialog: Yeah. Anybody call for me?
6) 38) dialog: I'm fuckin' fine. (beat) Catch you on the flip side.
6) 39) text: Rocco hangs up. Just then DONNA and her friend RAYVIE ent the apartment. They are consummate junky sluts who are ve doped up and giddy.
6) 95) dialog: Hey, Murph.
6) 97) dialog: Yeah. Anybody call for me?
6) 99) dialog: I'm fuckin' fine. (beat) Catch you on the flip side.
6) 102) dialog: Pack your shit! We gotta get outta  here! We gotta get out!
6) 104) dialog: I killed em! Oh, Jesus! I killed em  all!!
6) 107) dialog: No! Fuck you! You start getting  excited! We gotta fucking go!
6) 111) dialog: (rummaging through  his drawers) Hurry the fuck up!
6) 113) dialog: Those cocksuckers sold me out!
6) 116) dialog: What did I fuckin' do?... in the  middle of the Lakeview.
6) 120) dialog: (turns in rage) What?
6) 122) dialog: (slight pause) I killed your fuckin' cat, you druggie  bitch!
6) 124) dialog: I felt it would bring closure to our  relationship!
6) 127) dialog: (screaming) Your what?! Your fuckin' what?!
6) 129) dialog: (puts his gun to his  own head) Your what, bitch? I'll shoot myself  in the head, you can tell me that  cats name! Go ahead... Your what?  Your precious little... (waiting for her  response)
6) 131) dialog: Peeperman? WRONG? What color was  it?!!!
6) 133) dialog: Male or female, bitch?!!
6) 135) dialog: Shut your fat ass, Rayvie! I can't  buy a pack of smokes without running  into nine guys you fucked.
6) 137) text: Rocco rummages through her purse and finds her car keys.
6) 138) dialog: All right, let's get the fuck outta  here!
6) 143) dialog: Those rat fucks! All of them were  all laughing at me man!
6) 146) dialog: Fuckin-A-right I did. I had a goddam  turkey shoot over there.
6) 148) dialog: What? Did everyone know? Next thing  you'll tell me Sal was in on it.
6) 149) text: Rocco looks at Sal the bartender who reaches for the phon
6) 153) text: They all laugh as Rocco pulls his gun and shoots Oly in t head. He lands face down in his plate of food. He shoots  Vinnie in the chest then turns on Sal. He yells "Funny, f funny" as he pumps the remaining rounds into him.
7) 2) dialog: Fuck, man! I may as well have posted  flyers. Right out in public, man.
7) 4) dialog: (smiles at last) Y'know it is, a bit.
7) 6) dialog: Stop the car!
7) 8) dialog: Vincenzo, that fat motherfucker,  Yakavetta's right hand. He's the one  who set me up. Then he went around  shooting his mouth off, telling  everyone I was as good as dead. He  goes in there every Wednesday night  around 10:00, he jerks off in the  same booth to the same titty dancer.  Never misses.
7) 10) dialog: So let's kill the motherfucker. I  mean, what are you guys... like that's  your new thing right?
7) 12) dialog: Oh, what the fuck? How do you guys  decide who you're... I mean, who  makes the cut? Is there a raffle or  something?
7) 14) dialog: Well, what'ya do?
7) 16) dialog: (excited, yelling) MEEE! ME! I'm the guy! I know  everyone, their habits, where they  hang out, who they talk to. I know  where they fuckin' live. We could  kill everyone!
7) 23) text: He turns and is instantly taken with laughter at Rocco's  appearance. Connor turns, and has the same reaction.
7) 24) dialog: What? You guys got masks.
7) 27) dialog: (takes off mask) Fine! Fuck it! When we're done she  can I.D. me. I don't care. Just tryin'  to be professional, but no...
7) 32) dialog: Which one is he in?
7) 34) dialog: (takes his hand off  her mouth) What's his routine?
7) 38) dialog: Then what?
7) 43) dialog: Oh man. He is some sicko.
7) 46) text: The boys begin to recite their prayer. Rocco is smiling a excited, he still hangs on to the now hyperventilating da They press the button. The door goes straight up. Vincenz has one moment of shock before the MacManuses decimate hi through the glass with silenced bullets. The glass silent spiders and begins to fall in spots. His chest explodes,  sputtering medallions and bits of gold chain inside the b The dancer faints and Rocco lays her down gently. The boys step down in the boot and begin their ritual. Rocco watches intently, intrigued. They finish and turn a to see Rocco is immersed in grabbing one of the unconscio dancer's breasts. They pull up their masks.
7) 48) dialog: I-I'll tip her.
7) 51) dialog: All right. I'm sorry. I'm pathetic.
7) 53) dialog: What? What is it?
7) 56) text: Rocco looks in one. He says "Oh, wow" as he crosses and c out the other one.
7) 57) dialog: You sure about this guy?
7) 59) dialog: Oh man. You gotta let me do these  guys. I'm such a moron. I gotta make  up for the tit thing.
7) 61) dialog: Aw, c'mon. I gotta clear my family  name here. I've brought shame to the  house of Della Rocco.
7) 64) text: Rocco gets serious and nods his head. Connor replaces the clip in his gun and hands it to Rocco. Murphy does the sa He stands with one in each hand, aiming one gun at each d The boys both place a finger on the appropriate orange  buttons, as Rocco slowly cocks his head back. With wide e he thrusts his head forward. The doors fly up. Rocco fire both guns yelling "Yeah, take it, take it!" Both the drug dealer from outside and the pimp from the emergency room destroyed. Rocco then crosses his arms and fires two more shots from each gun. On the opposing walls of each booth identical bullet holes appear.
7) 65) dialog: Wyatt-fuckin'-Earp, man!
8) 0) text: Rocco shuts the door.
8) 1) dialog: You guys gotta teach me that prayer,  man. That's some good shit.
8) 3) dialog: C'mon!
8) 29) dialog: Let's talk some business here. I  know a sick fuck... makes the ones  we been doing look like altar boys.  Worst night of my life when I met  this guy.
8) 31) dialog: The guy never says a fuckin' word to  me. We're driving for 25 minutes.  Never a sigh, no throat clearing,  nothing. And his face, blank man.  Just nothing there.
9) 0) text: FLASHCUT: They pull up to a house in a scummy, Boston Log Airport neighborhood. Rocco gets out and sits on the hood smoking as the man makes his way up the walk.
11) 0) text: Rocco is out front listening as the barks abruptly cease.
12) 1) dialog: I didn't see what he was doing while  he was in there.
13) 0) text: FLASHCUT : The man steps outside and motions Rocco in.
13) 3) dialog: (pause) Yeah... yeah, I'd like that. Tell me  something. What did they do?
13) 6) dialog: Worst day of my life, man.
14) 2) dialog: Fuck you! I told you I never saw him  before!
14) 4) dialog: Fuck you both! Ya ask me, he was  aiming at you!
15) 0) text: Connor, Murphy and Rocco sit in a parked van, down the st from the Beaver Cleaver house. The three are sitting next each other in the longer back seat. They have a counter i front of them with all their guns and accessories on it. The clicking of bullets into clips, and smacking of clips into guns are heard. Smecker sits in the captain's chair  directly across from them, calmly smoking a cigarette. Th finish their preparation. Rocco holds up his guns.
15) 5) dialog: This is so fuckin' cool!
15) 13) dialog: Don't fuck with me lady. I'll kill  you.
15) 16) text: Rocco pulls a stun gun and zaps her with it. She goes dow
15) 18) text: Connor reaches for the knob but Rocco stops him. They wai guns drawn and focus on the door knob.
16) 0) text: They burst in and line up shoulder to shoulder, guns aime Smecker stands beside Rocco with his thumb and forefinger extended to mimic guns. Five mafiosos sit around a poker  table in front of time. Two men are playing pool to their left. Rocco quickly scans the room.
16) 1) dialog: All of them.
16) 6) text: Smecker drops to his knees in perfect synchronicity with  Rocco. They are side by side and leaning back. Rocco fires and the men under the table skip around as th are riddled with bullets. Smecker's mimicking hands follo him perfectly with each shot. The boys and Rocco demask. Rocco goes around to all the bodies and looks earnestly a each one, as Connor and Murphy pick up bullet casings.
16) 7) dialog: Shit!... Shit! He ain't here.
16) 9) dialog: I mean he ain't here.
16) 11) dialog: I know what the fuck he looks like!
16) 19) text: As Rocco is wrestling and punching on the floor. He looks up.
16) 20) dialog: Help me you assholes!  (they continue to  cheer) He's gonna fuckin' kill me! (he fights harder)
16) 22) dialog: I don't wanna die!!!!!
16) 23) text: Murphy is aching to help but Connor is more steady. A man who has been shot starts to regain consciousness. Connor  turns his back to shoot him (slo-mo). Murphy sees his  opportunity, pulls the cue ball from the table, and rolls silently across the carpet toward Rocco. Connor fires with his left hand and as the casing ejects  from the gun he catches it in mid air and makes the sign the cross. Rocco is on his back, the man is straddling hi They both have each others throats and are trying to stra one another. When the ball is within arms reach, Rocco sl his hand down on it and knocks his assailant in the skull He straddles him and begins to mercilessly beat his face with the cue ball, yelling "You sick fuck!" He finally stops, gets up, runs toward the boys, and thro an exhausted punch at Connor who just lays Roc down on th pool table and says, "Nicely done, boy". Murphy tends to  Roc. Connor checks out the man and seems surprised. Murphy takes the bloody cue ball from Rocco's hand and  polishes it off on his jacket, making sure Connor cannot  see. He replaces it perfectly on the table. Smecker now s in front of the table with the cue shining in the backgro
16) 25) text: Smecker exits to the left as Greenly enters from the righ following Smecker out. He walks by the table furiously  scribbling in his notebook. Connor, Murphy and Rocco exit the room, pennies in the eyes of all the corpses in the  background. Rocco holds two duffle bags full of poker mon Greenly stops, picks up the cue ball and looks at the dea man. He shakes his head and says, "Nah".
18) 0) text: Rocco, Connor and Murphy walk toward the front door.
20) 0) text: The boys come out, Rocco in the middle and slightly ahead them. They look out to the walk, stunned.
20) 2) text: Our three heroes stand, their jaws dropping as their poin of view reveals the Il Duce, standing alone, his hands fo in front of him. Suddenly, he throws open his trench coat to reveal a spec leather vest beneath. Six guns, all different, are holste on the front of it: three on each side extend from just b his collar bones to his abdomen. Connor and Murphy don't  hesitate. They each draw one of their now unsilenced guns from their shoulder holsters and aim, one arm over each o Rocco's shoulders. The Duke draws his top two weapons and aims.
20) 4) text: They all start shooting at once. The noise is deafening. The Taurus is being pierced and the front of the house is splintering as it is riddled with bullets. Smecker is sti in the middle, hands raised to the heavens, turning circl Rocco's pinky finger gets shot off, sending blood splatte against the house. He dives in the bushes reeling. He pul a gun and starts firing. Murphy catches a bullet in the arm and dives for the bush as well. Il Duce with lightening speed, drops the guns an pulls the next two down as he walks to his right about te feet. He commences firing and the casings hit the sidewal all different calibers and sizes are dropping down the wa It's him and Connor and nobody is backing down. They both grind their teeth as they fire rapidly at each other. At same moment, The Duke gets hit in the arm and Connor take bullet in the leg. The firing ceases for a moment. Connor remains steady and Il Duce looks down at his arm a his own blood splattered on the sidewalk.
20) 6) text: He drops the guns and pulls the last two as he moves to t right. He fires with wrath as he screams the word No over and over. Rocco and Murphy return fire from the bushes ye and swearing, as Connor does the same from his position o the stoop. The Duke turns and runs, leaving a sea of casings, and gu that extend for 35 feet down the walk. There are also two blood stains. In a frenzy the boys and Rocco get up and withdraw some s bottles from their bags. The begin spraying all their own blood stains on the stoop and the front of the white hous They then pick up their things and run off.
21) 10) text: He backs against the building and slides down to a sittin position in the bushes as if he has given up. He raises h head and there he sees Rocco's pinky finger lying undisco in the bushes. He pulls a small plastic bag from his pock and scoops it up. He shoves it back into his pocket and r off.
21) 14) dialog: What? (points to TV) What, that guy?
21) 17) dialog: They got nothing.
21) 20) dialog: Well, I'd say that makes him a lia- fuckin-bility.
21) 24) dialog: Okay... whatever. (looking at the bloody  mess) My Mom's gonna kill me.
22) 0) text: Rocco on the steps of the police station when Rocco broug the boys their clothes.
22) 4) text: She reads a few names then hits David Della Rocco.
22) 14) dialog: Hey! We gotta talk about this early  morning church shit.
22) 20) dialog: You gonna do what I say, got it?
22) 22) dialog: I'm sorry you're gonna hafta see  this. Don't look at me!
22) 24) dialog: Shut up! Shut the fuck up!
22) 28) dialog: Open it!
22) 30) dialog: That's who I'm doing this for, now  open the fuckin' thing.
22) 31) text: Connor gets the slider open. Rocco's long hair hangs just inches from Connor's face. Connor puts his thumb and  forefinger through, desperately reaching for a lock of Ro hair. Rocco jostles the priest and puts the gun hard to h head.
22) 32) dialog: Father, I'll do you right here.
22) 34) text: Rocco starts to move the priest aside and put his gun to  Smecker's now open slider. Just then Connor snags a piece of Rocco's hair and pulls back hard and fast by it, until his head slams into the  lattice work. Rocco grabs the priest back into position. Connor grabs a nice wad of Rocco's hair with his left han so that the side of Rocco's face is now pressed to the  lattice. Connor then puts a gun to Rocco's head.
22) 36) dialog: Okay, just calm down. He could hurt  us, brother. He could ruin the whole  thing.
22) 38) dialog: You won't do it Connor, you won't.  You love me man.
22) 42) dialog: (whispers) Do your thing Father. Don't fuck  this up.
22) 44) dialog: Just be natural, goddamit.
22) 47) text: The priest can hear Connor and Rocco whisper, but Smecker cannot.
22) 49) text: Connor and Rocco stop and listen now.
22) 55) text: Rocco shakes the priest.
22) 62) text: Rocco and Connor show their individual looks of surprise.
22) 67) text: The look of surprise on Rocco and Connor's faces show tha the priest is doing a hell of a job.
22) 77) text: The priest starts to show signs of anger as he starts tur to Rocco.
22) 79) text: Fear returns to the priests face. Rocco presses the gun h to the priests head and jostles him.
22) 80) dialog: (whispers to priest) Goddam right, I am.
22) 82) text: Rocco jostles the priest again.
22) 88) dialog: I wouldn't have, uh, killed you,  Father.  (signs cross) Dominus Ominus. Remember, you're  bound. You can't talk about this...  to anyone.
22) 91) dialog: (giggling) The Lord works in mysterious ways.
22) 92) text: Connor slaps him in the back of the head and kicks him in the ass. Rocco's still giggling as they exit.
23) 21) text: They all yell for him to fuck off. Although Rocco is  terrified, he is holding out. Yakavetta fires and Rocco's finger is gone. The blood splatters on Connor's face. Roc screams in pain saying fuck you through his sobs. After r cuffing Rocco, Yakavetta and his goons exit.
23) 28) dialog: (struggles to talk) You guys?
23) 30) dialog: You gotta keep going.
23) 32) dialog: You'll make it outta here. You can't  ever stop, not ever.
23) 33) text: As Rocco dies, they fall into prayer.