3) 190) text: Rocco obeys like an angry child. Vincenzo puts it in fron of Yakavetta. He sits on a filing cabinet and flips his c Vincenzo giggles and whispers as he pokes fun at Rocco. The two of them resemble kids behind the teacher's back.
3) 197) text: Suddenly Yakavetta jumps to a standing position. He yells
3) 198) dialog: Fuck you! I could snap my fingers  and have you dead in four hours,  rotting in a truck off of Boyleston!  You insignificant little fuck! I  always get my fuckin' money!
3) 200) dialog: Fuckin' 90's are killin' me. I  shouldn't a done that. You're not  supposed to tell a guy you're gonna  kill him anymore. I gotta tip-toe  through the tulips with these  assholes. I prance. I'm a prancer.  It's what I do... sucked all the fun  right out of this job.
3) 203) dialog: Yeah. Thanks, Rocco. See ya.
3) 204) text: Rocco starts for the door. Vincenzo begins whispering in  Yakavetta's ear.
3) 205) dialog: Hey, Rocco, wait. Come back here.
3) 208) dialog: I always see you talking to the boys  and making them laugh. They always  come around telling me what a crack  up you are. What is it they call  you?
3) 210) dialog: The funny man. Well, I got a new job  for you, just for now. Roc, I'm having  a real shitty day. I'm depressed.  Tell me a funny story or a joke.
3) 212) dialog: He's a nigger.
3) 214) dialog: Niggers!
3) 216) text: Yakavetta takes a long pause.
3) 217) dialog: Continue the joke.
3) 219) text: There's a long tense pause. Suddenly, Yakavetta throws hi head back and roars with laughter. Vincenzo joins in. Roc lets out a semi-audible sign of relief and gradually star laughing himself.
3) 220) dialog: (still in guffaw) Very good stuff, Rocco. Very good  stuff. Tell me another one.
3) 221) text: Rocco returns to terror. Yakavetta erupts again pointing Rocco.
8) 6) dialog: Hey, Augustus, I need your help, I  got a serious problem here. I'm not  screwing around.
8) 9) dialog: Hey, I just...
8) 11) dialog: I need Il Duce.
8) 13) dialog: This kid, this package boy could  bring down the whole east coast. If  he decides to turn states he could  dismantle us... totally. But it looks  like for now, he's content with just  killing us one by one. And even worse  the kid is good at it. I mean I had  a prodigy on my hands the whole time  and didn't even know it.
8) 14) text: Yakavetta puts an envelope of money in the plate.
8) 16) dialog: Yeah. I was only twelve or thirteen  when you guys used to talk about  him, like he was a ghost or something.
8) 24) dialog: There's ways around that.
23) 10) text: Smecker tosses an envelope of cash in his plate, just as  Yakavetta did.
23) 20) dialog: (yelling) You gonna tell me what's going on  here?! Huh! You little fuck! Gimme  some answers!
23) 21) text: They all yell for him to fuck off. Although Rocco is  terrified, he is holding out. Yakavetta fires and Rocco's finger is gone. The blood splatters on Connor's face. Roc screams in pain saying fuck you through his sobs. After r cuffing Rocco, Yakavetta and his goons exit.
23) 23) dialog: What do you guys think?
23) 26) dialog: There's only one way to get them to  talk.
23) 36) text: Yakavetta stops as if terrified with a thought.
23) 37) dialog: Oh Jesus Christ!
23) 39) dialog: Hey, I don't have my name spray  painted on the front of this house.  There are no big pictures of me  anywhere. If this guy thinks the job  is still a go then I got green money  says the mother fucker's out in the  bushes already. I'm fucking gone!  I'm leaving you guys to deal with  this.
23) 80) dialog: (looking to his  comrades) Fuckin' do something!
23) 83) text: The father takes out a flask. He pours the booze on the j bench and set it ablaze. Fire alarms start to sound. Connor and Murphy jump up on the lawyers' tables. Murphy the prosecution side, Connor on the defense. The father h his sawed-off to the back of Yakavetta's head.
23) 96) text: Connor and Murphy jump off the table. They approach Yakav and stand on either side of their father. All three men h guns to his head and recite the prayer. As they speak, th right side of the courtroom screams in protest. The left  watches in wide-eyed terror, although some men encourage  them to do it. The MacManus' read the prayer. They do not falter as the flames rage behind them. Yakavetta, accepting his fate, closing his eyes. Peaceful he does the sign of the cross. The all fire at once. The  room explodes in confusion. The three exit the back.
24) 7) text: The people who had been on Yakavetta's side of the courtr threaten her and force their way through the crowd toward her, thus causing the two sides to fight. Everyone, even  reporters are in it. The camera tilts up ending on the st of the Blind Lady of Justice.