0) 27) dialog: Yes I was standing here waiting is this your wife?
0) 29) dialog: Come inside to eat dinner.
0) 31) dialog: The dinner’s already been prepared, it’s ready now if you don’t eat it then it’s wasted. Grey turns to Asha, then back to Eron.
0) 34) dialog: I don’t have people over very often so I thought I’d dress for it.
0) 36) dialog: Thank you I find it a little antiseptic I swear I’m not a germaphobe. I can’t stand that. A cliche of the wealthy. Why do only rich people suffer that? You’1l never meet a poor germaphobe. He whisks them into -- INT. DINING ROOM, ERON KEEN’S MANSION - CONTINUOUS -- a large ornate dining room. Eron takes his place quick and the second he does, the table opens up in front of hi and a plate of food rises out of it. When Grey and Asha sit, the same happens with them. Eron already eating.
0) 39) dialog: Your company specializes in prosthetic limbs. That’s a very interesting subject to me.
0) 41) dialog: No, that’s wrong. Two. I said two. Grey is perplexed.
0) 43) dialog: I know what I said, I said it.
0) 46) dialog: I’m fascinated by the exterior aesthetic of the period which we’ve still not managed to match since then, even with all our technological advances. My life’s work is about taking something timeless and built with care, like that car or this house, and then retrofitting it with the most up to date system. State of the art technology with a classic skin.
0) 50) dialog: I’1l1 show you what would replace it. Let’s go to my factory.
0) 52) dialog: It’s on the property right behind the house. I don’t like to leave the grounds. We'll be very quick. EXT. ERON KEEN’S MANSION/ENTRANCE TO VESSEL FACTORY - NIG Eron guides them through a set of doors onto the rear gro of the property. Indeed, perched right behind the house i another house, of similar stature. Eron steps up to a FACE SCAN at the door of the second ho It lasers his face, imprints it, then allows him inside.
1) 0) text: Grey and Asha follow Eron down a darkened corridor. On ei side they catch glimpses into stark white laboratories, a containing sophisticated equipment.
1) 1) dialog: This is the worldwide headquarters and research lab of my company, Vessel.
2) 0) text: Eron opens a door and Grey and Asha step into a large and starkly empty white room. He strides to a safe door set i the wall opposite them. He stabs a long entry code into a keypad, keeping it hidd The safe door opens with a hum. Inside are four thin pron holding in place a microchip the size of a fingernail.
2) 3) dialog: Literally anything. We see the computer chips POV - encompassing the whole ro
2) 5) dialog: It can drive anything, talk to any piece of equipment, calculate anything. It’s a new, better brain.
2) 7) dialog: (getting testy) It’s about efficiency. I’m sure when the car was invented there were people in the horse and cart business who felt they were being urinated on.
2) 10) dialog: It’s hard for a human to compete with a computer. They don’t take sick days. They don’t need weekends off.
2) 11) text: They also can’t have a beer with you at the end of the week. The conversation has gone sour. Eron closes the safe.
2) 12) dialog: We should get back now. INT. ASHA’S CAR - NIGHT - MOVING Asha’s car is driving itself. Rain spatters the windshiel
7) 32) dialog: It must be frustrating for a man like you to let someone else do that. Grey stares at the screen, surprised by Eron’s appearance ERON (CONT’D) You're somebody who liked to get things done with your own hands and now you can’t. Am I being too blunt?
7) 34) dialog: Your condition gives people clarity. They see your struggle and they realize they've spent their lives griping about meaningless bullshit.
7) 36) dialog: I hear from the doctor that a computer saved you.
7) 38) dialog: (awkwardly grasping for light) I spoke to Detective Cortez, the lead detective in your wife’s case. She said they had some promising suspects.
7) 40) dialog: Grey, what if I told you I could offer you something that would allow you to walk again? Would that count as good news? Grey is silent. That’s permission to continue. ERON (CONT’D) That computer I showed you, the one you took a dislike to. It has the potential to change everything for people in your condition.
7) 42) dialog: Actually it would do the walking for you. It would be inserted into your brain stem. As a quadriplegic, the line connecting your brain to your limbs has been cut. This chip would bridge that gap and talk to your limbs for you. (beat) They say it’s not ready for human testing yet. That’s what certain people tell me. I know it is.
7) 44) dialog: Yes, I do. Because I’m talking with someone who just told me they can’t wait to get home and give up on everything. I need someone who’s willing to bet their life that this will work, just like I would. Someone who can keep a secret from everyone they know and in doing so, make the world a better place. This chip has potential not just for spinal injuries, but for injuries of all kinds. A long beat. Grey stares at Eron, taking it in. ERON (CONT’D) The operation would have to be performed at Vessel. No hospitals.
7) 46) dialog: No. The best surgical robot in the world. If it goes wrong, it could kill you. If it goes right, you won’t just walk again, Grey. You’1l run.
9) 0) text: An arched and austere OR. Grey lies on his stomach, out cold, strapped onto a chrom operating slab. The table rotates on the end of a ball- jointed gimbal that allows him to face in any direction. Eron and a young woman, DR. DIANA GORDON (33), stand at t back of the room, glaring at a row of large DSP monitors. The fluorescent lights on the ceiling go out, leaving onl pair of surgical lights. With stunning clarity, a huge PHOTOREALISTIC HOLOGRAM OF UV LIGHT fills the room, surrounding Grey. The image is of the INSIDE OF HIS NECK. entire vertebral body can be seen in three dimensions. Two ROBOT ARMS extend from the wall, hovering over Grey. 26. Eron holds up a glass tube with gloved hands. Inside the is a small black computer chip, the size of a fingernail. is the same chip we saw in Eron’s safe.
10) 0) text: Groggy. Grey’s eye’s peel open, blinking in the white lig He is lying on a gurney. His head is shaved. Eron and two other technicians are staring at him, along with
10) 7) dialog: Please don’t talk. Let him concentrate. CLOSE ON Grey. His eyes drill his hand. Then, from nowhere, a VOICE. The voice is calm and very w spoken. A clearer, more human voice than any of the compu voices Grey has encountered before.
10) 11) dialog: Now your other arm. Grey glares at his other arm, concentrating.
10) 14) dialog: Yes doctor, the ‘Department Of Lame Ways To Summarize World Changing Events’ is down the hall to the left. Thank you for your time. 28. Grey lowers his arm, totally amazed. Eron approaches, int
10) 17) dialog: That’s Stem. I told you, you may hear his voice sometimes when he talks to your nervous system.
10) 19) dialog: That’s what I call him.
10) 21) dialog: I don’t expect anything in this world, doctor, other than the deflating negativity of the medical profession. EXT. GREY’S HOUSE - DAY Grey’s mother Pam pulls up in her automated vehicle. She clambers out of the car, ambling toward the front door, lugging a bag of groceries.
12) 1) dialog: You can do it. He lowers his toes again, getting the speed of the belt u his feet. Then he let’s go of the bars. He falls instantly, SLAMMING down onto the treadmill. Ero and a female tech rush over, helping him up. ERON (CONT’D) Take a deep breath, focus and keep your eyes on this. He tacks a photo of ASHA onto the front of the treadmill. Grey eyes him, resents the tactic. He clambers back onto 30.
12) 3) dialog: (to his tech) Do it. The belt on the treadmill whirs. Grey lowers his feet to They touch...and then they take. Grey is running. His angry determination melts into a WID GRIN. For the first time in a long time, he is happy.
14) 0) text: Eron is gaping with wonder and fear at a LARGE SCREEN. On he can see Grey, dangling from the ledge of the building.
16) 0) text: -- a spare white room. Grey looks up at the wall opposite. Eron is looking in at through a large VIEWING WINDOW. Grey is now his creation. Eron steps away from the window and strides into the room
16) 1) dialog: A twenty story fall to a bloody death will motivate anybody. 31.
16) 3) dialog: Now you have two brains working for you. One more than anyone else in the whole world has. (beat; with pride) State of the art technology with a classic skin.
16) 5) dialog: It’s both, Stem works in service of your brain. You give Stem a command and he makes it happen. He's programmed to respond only to your thoughts.
16) 7) dialog: That’s my cue to leave before you try to hug me or something. And don’t thank me, I’m exploiting your limbs for my own research purposes.
16) 9) dialog: No, I couldn't have. You were the only quadriplegic I knew. INT. LIVING ROOM, GREY’S HOUSE - DAY Grey enters his house on his own two feet for the first t in a long time. He is carrying a large cardboard box mark CASE 103331. He sets the box down and cleaves the drapes open, sunligh drenching the room and highlighting an active sea of dust 32. IN MONTAGE - we see shots of Grey examining the CRIME SCE PHOTOS of his wife’s murder taped to the walls, along wit NEWSPAPER ARTICLES and WITNESS STATEMENTS. Grey grows increasingly exasperated as he pores over the documents, struggling to focus. INT. BEDROOM, GREY’S HOUSE - LATER Grey stares at a small bottle of morphine. He stabs a syr into it, drawing out a full shot. The needle hovers over vein. He moves to push the tip in but the needle stops.
16) 25) dialog: No pain, no slowness? Grey takes a long beat to answer.
16) 27) dialog: What about response times? When you ask your arm to move, have you ever had a delayed movement? Come on, I need answers.
16) 29) dialog: How about when you wake up? 34.
16) 31) dialog: Another two, three months. This is a crucial stage for us.
16) 33) dialog: What?
16) 35) dialog: What do you mean ‘talking to you’?
16) 37) dialog: Stem can’t do that.
28) 0) text: Grey is running on a treadmill. Eron watches him from beh the pane of the observation room. Grey seems detached, irritated. Eron’s voice chimes in through a microphone system.
28) 1) dialog: Okay, that’s enough for today. Grey quickly stops running, dismounting the treadmill.
28) 6) dialog: I can track you.
28) 8) dialog: It means you have a piece of my property inside you. A very expensive piece of my property, built by me over many years. A microchip that could ease suffering around the world. Did you think I was going to let the piece of flesh that surrounds that microchip out of my sight for one second? Grey tenses. ERON (CONT’D) This morning I saw a news report about a murder at a home in Boyle Heights. Happened yesterday, around lunchtime. (beat) I know you’re the one who did it. I watched you go to that house on a tracking screen. I know every move you make. Eron holds up a tablet computer screen. On it, a small do pulses on a GPS map of the city.
28) 9) dialog: Do you realize that this operation has been done in secret? That if even the slightest thing goes wrong during this trial period, it’s all over? Did it occur to you that if you were to, say, commit murder, the authorities could find out about Stem and remove him from your body, putting you back in a wheelchair for life? The two men stare at each other, locked in a stand-off. 49.
28) 11) dialog: So why didn’t you call the police?! I’ve worked my whole life for this and you're sticking your fucking fist in it! He thumps the glass, enraged.
28) 13) dialog: I’ve been thinking about the answer to that question all morning. Prepared myself a speech. (beat) I am going to open that door and you are going to go home and carry on with your life as if everything was dandy. From now on, you will be a model patient. You won’t so much as jaywalk or litter a sidewalk until the end of this trial period. And no one but you and I will ever know where you were that day.
34) 0) text: Eron is hunched at his desk. Staring into space. A voice tones throughout the room.
34) 2) dialog: You have absolutely zero authority to walk into this --
34) 4) dialog: What are you talking about?
34) 6) dialog: Tell me your theory. I’1l be sure to act appropriately impressed by your powers of deduction.
34) 8) dialog: Detective --
37) 6) dialog: (from phone) Having fun? Because they’re probably surrounding that place right about now, I’d say.
37) 8) dialog: (from phone) You can put a computer into a mechanic but you can’t take the moron out. If you want to go off the grid so you can’t be tracked, go to an apartment building at Seventh and Spring. Apartment two twelve. Ask for Jonah. It’1ll be expensive, but right now your flesh is worth about ninety million dollars, so maybe you could give him a few pounds of it. 62. Eron hangs up. Grey drops the phone, woozy on his feet, t scrambles to the bathroom door.
38) 0) text: Two police cruisers pull up. Six officers, including Cort and Brennan, pile out. Cortez is gripping Eron’s tablet computer screen. A circle representing Grey pulses on the
101) 0) text: Grey crosses the lobby. A man on a mission, moving fast. He stalks through metal detectors. They glow GREEN as he passes with ease. INT. ERON’S OFFICE, VESSEL INC. HEADQUARTERS - DAY Eron is hunched over his desk, stubble peppering his chin ruined, desperate man. Grey opens the door, marching towards Eron.
101) 1) dialog: Grey, where have you -- Grey presses Cortez’ gun to Eron’s forehead. Eron flinche instinctively, raises his hands.
101) 4) dialog: What...no. How could I...I mean...
101) 6) dialog: No, I didn’t.
101) 9) dialog: I don’t know. How would I know that? Grey, you’ve lost your mind. You're suffering paranoid delusions. Grey pistol whips him. Blood dots the desk.
101) 11) dialog: How could you even think that I had anything to do with Asha’s murder? I gave you your life back! You wouldn't be standing here without me!
101) 13) dialog: What...what do you think...
101) 15) dialog: Grey, you've gone insane. I don’t know what this operation has done to you, but I do know that you’ve killed three people in the last few days. Grey cocks the gun.
101) 17) dialog: I swear to you that I had nothing to do with Asha’s murder.
101) 22) dialog: Tell Stem to stop, Grey. Tell him to stop!
104) 0) text: -- the room where Eron observed Grey. Fisk storms inside and WHAMS Grey up against the glass viewing window, blackened by the dark room beyond it.
105) 0) text: Grey limps into the gym, using the wall as support. Eron waiting there. They stare at each other.
105) 1) dialog: The police are on their way. I’1l back you up. I heard everything he said. Grey sees that Eron is holding Cortez’ gun. ERON (CONT’D) I had nothing to do with your wife’s murder. I was framed by my boss.
105) 3) dialog: Okay. Okay. It’s time you were properly introduced.
106) 0) text: Eron helps Grey down a long corridor. Grey can barely wal He holds the gun in one of his hands. At the end of the corridor is a white door. They stop in front of it.
107) 0) text: Eron and Grey step into the large white room they explore earlier, when Eron showed off the microchip. As before, the room is void of any furniture. The only fixture in the room is the small wall safe opposite them.
107) 1) dialog: This is Steve Mink’s office. The CEO of Vessel Computers. You actually met him once before. He asked to meet you, actually. Eron guides Grey to the safe. He punches in the key code.
107) 2) dialog: A computer runs this company, Grey. It has since I invented it. An artificial intelligence this company gave birth to was smarter than I was. Smarter than all of us. 106. It is empty. The prongs that held the microchip in place still there - but the chip is gone.
107) 4) dialog: It’s in your neck. Grey's eyes are locked on the empty space where the micro should be. ERON (CONT’D) Steve Mink. That’s the name I gave him. Stem for short. A very human name...but the one thing Stem wanted was what no machine has - a human body. He was obsessed with being human. We talked about implantation, part of our paralysis research. If we could find a willing patient, maybe Stem could finally know what it was to be human that way. Grey's inner world COLLAPSES and we see it on his face. ERON (CONT’D) But I never thought Stem would orchestrate something like that. I never would have thought it could do something like that. Hire killers to make a patient from scratch. Frame me for the murder. And now Grey's physical body collapses. He falls to the f
107) 18) dialog: No, Grey! BLAM!! We hear a body drop, but do not see it. Grey’s expression does not change. He doesn’t blink or flinch.