41) 0) text: Dr. Bhatia is hunched over his desk, doing the bulk of hi work: filling out reports. A man strolls into the room. It is the WIRY MAN. From now we will call him FISK. He is all southern drawl and charm chewing on gum. 64.
41) 1) dialog: ‘Scuse me sir, are you lookin’ after the body of the man who was killed in Boyle Heights yesterday?
41) 3) dialog: Yeah. A friend. I can tell you who the victim is...and a lot more about him. If you so desire. Fisk takes a seat in front of Bhatia’s desk.
41) 5) dialog: People call me Fisk. Dr. Bhatia reaches for the phone. As he does, Fisk SNEEZE
41) 6) dialog: ‘Scuse me. He covers his mouth with a handkerchief. We ZOOM IN to a MICROSCOPIC LEVEL, exploring the tiny particles Fisk ejec with his sneeze. We get CLOSER still, seeing that the microbes are in fact MECHANICAL - nanobots invisible to the human eye. The nanobots gather into a cloud, flocking like birds, mo through the atmosphere as Dr. Bhatia breathes in. We are now so close that the nanobots look like space stations. Cutting devices detach from their sides as they sucked into Dr. Bhatia’s nostrils. OUTSIDE MICROSCOPIC VIEW - Dr. Bhatia holds the phone aga his ear. He twitches, screwing up his nose as if he inhal an irritant. He clears his throat, dialing the phone.
41) 8) dialog: I'll bet you didn’t think your life was gonna end today when you woke up this morning. Fisk waits until he stops kicking, then casually plucks o his gum and plants it on a framed photo of Dr. Bhatia wit his two young daughters. He wanders over to the corpse of cohort, now covered by a sheet. He wrenches the sheet back, then breathes forcefully onto body. We close in again, seeing that the corpse is being eaten microscopic bacteria at an extremely accelerated rate - t flesh disappearing, bone, muscle, metal, everything. Gone.
47) 0) text: The rotting lobby of the building is split with light as door is opened. Fisk enters, trailed by another of the assailants from th night Grey was shot. His name is WEN (28). Fisk holds up tablet similar to the one Cortez has. A little junkier, n as slick. On it, he can see Grey pulsing as a small red d They head to the elevator. Out of order. They march up th stairs.
50) 0) text: Fisk and Wen huff up the stairs. Calm. Methodical.
53) 0) text: Fisk and Wen enter the twelfth floor corridor. They dash towards the apartment door for 212.
56) 0) text: The door EXPLODES OPEN as Fisk kicks through it. He and W storm inside.
58) 0) text: Grey grits his teeth and hauls himself up out of view - - just as Fisk and Wen storm into the loft. Grey trembles holding himself up, his legs dangling below him.
58) 2) dialog: He’s here! Grey's legs FLAIL, coming back to life just as Fisk FIRES Bullets ping off the metal fire escape. With surprising agility, Grey vaults from one level to th next, closing in on the roof. Fisk and Wen leap through the window below him, giving ch mimicking his ascent.
62) 0) text: Grey cannons through the window in a hail of glass, curle into a ball, landing on his side and rolling up as if he an expert gymnast. Without stopping, he keeps running through the open-plan office, weaving between a honeycomb of desks. He is movin like a super-human. His two pursuers leap through the window after him. Wen barely makes it, thudding onto the floor clumsily. Fisk misses, grasping onto the window ledge, shards of br glass cutting into his hands. He cries out in agony, haul himself up. Wen barrels after Grey, who is still running at a stunnin clip, his legs a blur of motion. He RAMS into a doorway, thumping it open and spilling int
66) 0) text: Fisk scrambles off the window ledge. His hands are bloody He glares down at the floor. FROM HIS POV, we make out th crimson THERMAL IMAGE of Grey darting through the office three floors below. He aims his right arm and fires at Grey. The shot misfire and he screams in pain, gripping his bloody hand, extract a blade of glass from the opening in his palm.
101) 26) dialog: You shoulda held onto that. Grey JOLTS and WHIRLS to face Fisk. The man who shot his wife. His right hand is swathed in a blood-stained bandage. Fisk hefts Grey off the ground, FLINGING HIM across the r with the ease of a hurled rag doll. GREY sails through the air, CANNONS into the door. He recovers and stands, but Fisk is upon him. He SHOVES G through the wood which SPLINTERS as Grey’s body BATTERS i
102) 0) text: Grey crashes in the corridor, plaster and wood raining do around him. Again, he vaults to his feet, head spinning. Fisk steps into the corridor, grinning.
102) 2) dialog: Far from it, hombre.
102) 4) dialog: I thought you’d say that. 101. Grey ATTACKS - but each strike is predicted by Fisk who seizes Grey’s arm, stopping it in its tracks. In turn, Grey/Stem predicts that Fisk will stop the blow STRIKES with his other arm, which is also predicted by Fi They are two men who are unable to properly hit each othe because they cancel each other out - both part machine. The fight pushes on down the hallway, each blow being sto by the other man at an inhumanly fast speed. BANG-BANG-BANG-BANG-BANG-BANG-BANG . The rapid-fire, machine gun sounds of skin connecting wit skin is BRUTAL - but no blows are landed, each one blocke The two men spin in frustration, GRAPPLING each other lik equally matched wrestlers. They SMACK into the walls, CAV body-sized holes in the plaster. Office workers poke their heads out from rooms lining the corridor, alarmed by the ruckus, terrified. The two men RAM into the wall at the end of the corridor, locked in a HOLD.
102) 5) dialog: Looks like we cancel each other out, hoss. I thought I'd bring out the big guns, but I’m gonna have to bring out the small ones instead. He BREATHES forcefully into Grey’s face. We ZOOM IN to microscopic levels - seeing a could of lethal Nanobot bacteria SWARMING towards Grey’s face. OUT OF MICROSCOPIC VIEW - Grey pulls back.
102) 8) dialog: Just take a deep breath and relax. Using his legs, Grey runs backwards up the wall until he vertical, balanced upside down above Fisk, then SOMERSAUL over him, smashing them both down onto the carpet. Fisk's grip detaches and Grey seizes his chance. He FLIPS his feet and runs - sucking in a huge breath as he does. He barrels into the --
103) 3) dialog: Let’s do some surgery. 103. Fisk SPEARS the blade down, piercing Stem in one hit. Gre cries out in agony. Fisk yanks the knife free and wrenches Grey over onto his back. Grey's limbs spasm, twitching in electronic epileps
103) 4) dialog: The real you is back. The cripple. Grey JERKS violently, in the throes of a violent seizure.
104) 0) text: -- the room where Eron observed Grey. Fisk storms inside and WHAMS Grey up against the glass viewing window, blackened by the dark room beyond it.
104) 2) dialog: Deja vu. Your bitch had the same dumb look on her face. Fury burns in Grey’s eyes. He reaches over and SMACKS a b button on the wall then HEAVES Fisk around, smashing him THROUGH THE GLASS. Beyond the glass - a sheer twenty story drop, cars drivin below. Grey dangles Fisk over the edge through the window gripping his arm. Fisk screams, terrified.
104) 4) dialog: Don’t kill me! 104.
104) 6) dialog: I was just doing a job! I was hired to do it, I don’t ask questions. I didn’t even tell him my name!
104) 8) dialog: No!
104) 10) dialog: I worked freelance security for Cobolt. Some guy called me, said he had a job for me. Quick money, said I had to do it that night!
104) 12) dialog: Don’t you get it? The job was you! Grey is struck dumb. Stunned. A long beat.
104) 13) dialog: The job was to sever your spine! She was an accident! It wasn’t meant to happen like that. We were supposed to paralyze you!
104) 15) dialog: He called himself Panther! He runs this place! He’s the man in charge! Grey lifts Fisk up, straining with everything he’s got. When they are eye to eye, Grey HEAD BUTTS HIM in the face hard as he can, knocking him out. Grey let’s him go and he plunges ten feet to the floor be The holographic image of the city blinks and disappears, revealing the white room around it. 105.