6) 9) dialog: Morning, honey.
7) 1) dialog: Honey, Detective Cortez is here. He jerks his head and the wheelchair rotates to face the door. He seems energized by the arrival of the police. A female detective enters the room, JANE CORTEZ (30). She reserved in that way all homicide detectives are.(She is Hispanic cop Grey saw the night he was shot.)
7) 23) dialog: She’s on your side.
7) 25) dialog: I need to be here. To take care of you.
7) 29) dialog: All of us are going to die one day, Grey. Please give me a chance to help you find hope before I do. A tall figure appears at the doorway to Grey’s room, dres in a black suit, carrying a very thin briefcase. This is NIKOLAI (43), a humorless Russian man.
7) 31) dialog: I'll go to the cafeteria. 23. She leaves and Nikolai enters, gruffly setting up the briefcase at the end of Grey’s bed. He snaps it open to reveal a crystal hi-def display screen. He moves over to and props his head up to view it, rearranging his pillows Eron’s face appears on the screen.
11) 0) text: Pamela shuffles inside, plopping the grocery bag on the g dining table. Grey is slumped in his wheelchair in the li room. He turns the chair to face her.
11) 1) dialog: Hi honey. I got you some of that mango you like. She absentmindedly unpacks the groceries.
11) 2) dialog: How did your rehab treatment go? 29. As she says this, Grey grips the sides of his wheelchair STANDS UP. His legs wobble as he does, still unsteady on feet. He takes a tentative step towards her, using two walking sticks.
11) 3) dialog: Did you -- She turns to him, clutching a bag of mangoes. She FREEZES when she sees him, her words failing her, her mouth wide open. The mangoes drop to the floor, rolling across the w Grey takes another step. A tear runs down Pam’s face. Finally Grey reaches her, letting the crutches fall and wrapping his arms around her. She hugs him back, crying i his shoulder.
11) 4) dialog: How did you...how did this...? Grey stands back from her, smiling. Joyous.