19) 0) text: Grey stalks into the kitchen. Sorts through mail - all of addressed to SERK BRANTNER. He hauls out a power bill. He spots an ashtray next to two cartons of CUBANO CIGARET There are six different matchbooks for a bar named THE LA CALL piled in the ashtray. He pockets one of them. He keeps moving to a glass table. 41.
22) 0) text: Grey launches into a hiding spot behind the front door. It opens slowly. A figure enters. This is SERK (32). He furrows his brow when the alarm doesn’t peal. Inspects it
22) 1) dialog: What the hell? Grey is behind the door, holding his breath. Serk turns a from it and closes the door. Grey is right behind him. Serk scans the living room. Suspicious. All is quiet. Grey's chest rises and falls. A bead of sweat dribbles do his forehead. He glances down - sees the BARCODE tattoo stamped on Serk’s wrist. On his NECK, Grey sees the GANG TATTOO he saw the night of Asha’s murder. RAGE darkens Grey’s face. He raises his hands to attack S
22) 3) dialog: Who the fuck are you?! Shock bleeds into his eyes as he realizes who this is. SERK (CONT’D) Holy shit...you. Serk SLAMS Grey against the wall, burning with fury.
22) 4) dialog: You shouldn't be walking. Let me get you a chair. He digs his fingers into Grey’s thorax, driving him to hi knees with ease. Grey is losing consciousness, fighting b with hits too weak to stop Serk.
23) 0) text: -- large kitchen area. Serk keeps upping his game, kneein Grey in the ribs, then topping that with an elbow. 43. Grey grunts as he is hit, but effectively counters with b of his own. Serk HAMMERS his right arm down - which is ca by Grey. Grey picks Serk up and hurls him, jujitsu style, across t kitchen island, taking pots and pans with him. Serk SLAMS into the far wall, then hits the ground. He va to his feet instantly. He holds up his right arm and a BL SHEARS OUT OF THE SKIN IN HIS WRIST.
23) 1) text: Grey readies - his expression of fear belies his sudden physical prowess. As if he didn’t know how he was doing i Serk shears the air with the arm-blade, swiping at Grey. another swipe, this one slashing Grey’s arm. Grey contrac his stomach and ducks as Serk whips the blade back and fo Grey clamps Serk’s wrist, stopping the blade inches from face.
23) 2) dialog: Okay, no more chairs. Let me get you a box. Serk DRIVES the knife down, the blade penetrating Grey's shoulder. Grey CRIES OUT - then he SPINS Serk around, usi his own arm to cut Serk’s throat. The blade sinks into the soft flesh, an arc of blood ribboning out onto the floor. Grey twists the blade and Serk SHUDDERS, clutching his th in befuddlement. Gargling “What the fuck?” through his ow blood. The blade RETRACTS into his arm and Serk drops silently. professional would be proud of this kill. Grey looms over him, shaking.
23) 6) text: Grey glares down at his shirt. It is covered in Serk’s bl
27) 0) text: Explosions of flash photography light the room. Forensics officers mill about above Serk’s corpse, sweat dotting th furrowed brows. They are all wearing special UV goggles. 46. Detective Cortez strolls in. A young detective, SCOTT BRE (25), scrambles in after her, following her like a lap do Has a slight crush on her. A huge one, actually. Awkward
30) 0) text: Ceiling lamps throw intermittent pools of light into this sterile cavern of death. An Indian coroner, DR. BHATIA (43), leads Detective Corte Serk’s body. His corpse is displayed on a morgue slab, his skin peeled open in various sections, a surgical floodlight highlight every detail. Dr. Bhatia arches over the cadaver, prodding it with a scalpel. 50.