9) 1) text: He frisks across the room, placing the tube in the finger one of the ROBOT ARMS. The hologram image of Grey’s neck appears on the front of the doctors. Dr. Gordon uses a scalpel, line across the top of Grey’s neck on the screen. The robot arms begin to perform the procedure as the surgeon with a laser. IN TIME LAPSE - we see the painstaking operation. tendons are cut away to reveal Grey’s brain stem screen in drawing a indicated by Muscle and -- one of the arms inserts the computer chip into his nec the clock ticks -- Grey is rotated on the slab -- the rob arms begin to sew him back up.
10) 8) dialog: Fingers moving. Then it happens. Grey's finger moves. It curls inward. Th other fingers follow and make a complete fist.
10) 12) dialog: Arm moving. His left arm raises very slowly and shakily.
10) 15) dialog: Arm down.
13) 1) dialog: Hold on.
16) 11) dialog: What are you doing? Grey is shocked to hear the question. Sits back.
16) 13) dialog: Yes. There is no one else I can talk to. A long, shocked beat.
16) 15) dialog: I asked what you were doing.
16) 17) dialog: Aren’t you concerned about the long term effects of using morphine?
16) 19) dialog: I was simply concerned that you were harming yourself, Grey.
16) 21) dialog: I understand.
16) 23) dialog: I’m sorry. I won’t speak anymore unless absolutely necessary. Grey stares down at his hand. It moves again, depressing plunger into his vein. He relaxes back as the drugs relea ...swiftly falling into a DEEP SLEEP. INT. Grey both Eron
16) 40) dialog: Can’t you see it? Grey looks up, taken by surprise. 35.
16) 42) dialog: Can’t you see what’s right in front of you? Grey pauses, afraid and curious at once.
16) 44) dialog: On the tape. Grey hoists himself up, shuffling over to the television.
16) 46) dialog: Freeze it at 01:52:16:33. Grey slows the image down. He pauses the image at the specified timecode - the EXACT moment when the Wiry Man f the gun into Asha’s head.
16) 48) dialog: The gun.
16) 50) dialog: There is no gun in his hand.
16) 52) dialog: She was shot - but not with a gun he was holding in his hand. A gun implanted inside his hand. Grey leans in close to the image. He sees that the muzzle flash licks out of the Wiry Man’s hand, but that it appears to be coming straight from his palm. 36. Grey trembles, shaken to the bone by the fact that a voic his own head is questioning everything he thought he knew
16) 53) dialog: They also took Asha’s work papers. You can see it in the left of frame. Grey leans in again, watching the jerky image of one of t assailants squat down and retrieve a blurred object from Asha’s car.
16) 55) dialog: I’ve been reading the police reports with you. Grey is stunned.
16) 56) dialog: There is a marking on the wrist of the man who takes the papers. Grey squints at the figure on the left of the screen. The image is far too washed out to see anything but a slight black dot on his wrist.
16) 58) dialog: Get closer. Grey obeys. FROM HIS POV - the screen enlarges as we CLOS on it, the pixels bleeding outwards and becoming huge. Th dots within dots that comprise the image become images themselves - we are now INSIDE the screen itself. The marking on the assailants wrist takes shape - a TATTO
16) 59) dialog: Get a pen and paper. Draw it.
16) 61) dialog: I can. 37. OUT OF POV - an astonished Grey races to the coffee table plucking up a notepad and pen. He watches as his hand sta at the paper - the quick strokes of a skilled illustrator Within seconds, he has sketched out a perfect BARCODE.
16) 63) dialog: I will read it. Hold it in front of your eye. Grey holds the barcode up in front of his eye.
16) 64) dialog: Brantner. Serk. Marine Corps. 098- 422. O-Positive. Catholic.
16) 75) dialog: Why are you calling her?
16) 77) dialog: So that she can let him get away?
16) 79) dialog: Having a job does not make you good at it. We have done more in five minutes than she did in months of work.
16) 81) dialog: Why did you have me inserted?
16) 83) dialog: Why did you have me inserted? A long, long beat. 39.
16) 85) dialog: You need to be positive it’s him before you take any further action.
17) 2) dialog: I've logged it already. The car rolls past.
17) 3) dialog: Stay in a straight line when you cross the street. There are two security cameras on this street. If you stay on this line, you remain in their blind spot. Grey hustles across the street. We FOLLOW HIM to the FRON DOOR of the house. Grey squats down and jerks on the door handle. Locked. He knocks on the door. He waits, glancing around for onlookers. He knocks again, hard and loud. No answer. He retrieves a lock picking wrench and a paper clip from jacket. He slides the wrench in, working the paper clip a jimmying the lock. No good.
17) 5) dialog: Will you allow me to do it, Grey?
17) 7) dialog: Only with your permission.
18) 1) dialog: Stay calm. The keypad. Open it. Grey rips open a KEY PAD on the wall beside the door. Wit nimble expert fingers, he disconnects two wires, re-tying them. The alarm ceases. Grey exhales. He replaces the face of the key-pad and tre stealthily into the --
21) 1) dialog: Behind the door.
22) 2) dialog: (calm, neutral) Wait. 42. Grey’s heart pounds. We hear it. Serk surveys the house. He steps forward. As he does, he glances at the GLASS CAS containing the American flag. WE ZOOM IN to it - reflecte the glass is the silhouette of GREY. Serk calmly places his car key on a coffee table -- and t SPINS AND LUNGES at Grey with a warcry! His hands wrap around Grey’s throat. Grey claws at Serk’s fingers, choking.
22) 5) dialog: May I take over, Grey?
23) 5) dialog: No. Here’s what you’re going to do. You are going to remove any traces of your presence here. And quickly.
23) 8) dialog: One minute has now passed. Start by cleaning the --
23) 10) dialog: One second has now passed.
23) 12) dialog: It’s not just ‘somebody’s’ throat.
23) 14) dialog: This morning. Grey glares at his smiling wife. His breathing slows, his shaking subsides. He has calmed. A quiet determination no
23) 16) dialog: I would suggest that we rid the house of all of your fingerprints.
23) 18) dialog: I have a record of every single thing you touched. This stops Grey short. Calms him somehow.
23) 19) dialog: First take your shoes off and wrap them in plastic.
28) 0) text: Grey is running on a treadmill. Eron watches him from beh the pane of the observation room. Grey seems detached, irritated. Eron’s voice chimes in through a microphone system.
31) 3) dialog: Smoking-related diseases kill one in ten adults globally.
31) 5) dialog: Seven hundred and forty three adults per one hundred thousand will be sent to prison in the US. A much lower rate than the rate for smoking related deaths.
31) 7) dialog: This is not a wise decision, Grey.
31) 34) dialog: No. The license plate is traceable. Logged by traffic cameras. You’1l have to run. And so Grey does, opening the garage door and disappearin into the night. Cortez stumbles out of the house, her cuf still around her wrists. She moves to the Mustang, squatting down and reading the plates. She jabbers into the computer on her belt.
32) 3) dialog: Clearly you left it behind in your hurry, Grey.
32) 5) dialog: I can’t answer that, Grey. Grey keeps moving, reaching the end of the street. A neon sign looms above him - THE LAST CALL. He takes the matchb he lifted from Serk’s house out of his pocket. It’s the s name in the same font. He scans around, seeing a shadowy male figure lounging in WHEELCHAIR in a recessed doorway. A second man approaches and there is a smooth, surreptitious exchange between the
32) 6) dialog: We are here. Let’s go inside.
33) 2) dialog: Ask him if he knows Serk Brantner. Grey mumbles into his chest, keeping his voice down.
36) 1) dialog: No, Grey. These narcotics are highly dangerous.
36) 3) dialog: It does not make sense to me that humans deliberately malfunction.
36) 5) dialog: If you have a problem, calculate a solution. A temporary distraction does nothing to solve the problem. Grey loads the needle and poises it at his forearm. His a does not move.
36) 7) dialog: You are not thinking clearly.
36) 9) dialog: You are addicted.
37) 0) text: Grey staggers out of the bathroom, woozy. FROM GREY’S POV the rooms shifts shapes, swelling and deflating. Breathin Grey walks forward but it’s a wayward, loping step. As th pushing through mud. 61. Stem’s voice has slowed to a dead battery drawl.
37) 1) dialog: Grey....you...have...compromised... us... The bartender watches Grey, puzzled. Grey takes his seat the bar.
37) 2) dialog: Your...brain...is giving me... strange signals. Grey cracks up laughing.
39) 1) dialog: I...told...you...not...to do it. He wraps his hand in a huge bundle of paper towels and sm it against the window, shattering it. He clears the glass, leveraging up onto the frame.
40) 2) dialog: I...will...have to...save...you.
40) 7) dialog: They were...trying...to kill you.
40) 9) dialog: No Grey...I saved your life. Grey staggers to his feet. He jams his fingers down his throat, vomiting into a trash can, then runs for it.
43) 4) dialog: That voice isn’t real.
49) 0) text: Grey is lying on the bench. He cannot move - Stem has bee disabled.
51) 0) text: Rivers of code cascade down A>’s monitor. He types furiou then pecks a final key. 70. b> You are officially more dangerous than cancer. I built a firewall around you so that you cannot be tracked and stripped away all in- built restrictions on your system. In other words, nobody can hack you but you can hack everybody.
54) 4) dialog: It’s nice to hear you say that. His arm moves. He uses it to push himself off the table, WALLOPING down onto the floor. He doesn’t feel it. His other arm comes to life, his legs dragging behind him wrenches his body along the floor. ON THE SECURITY MONITOR - Fisk and Wen stand outside A>’s door. They kick out, their boots smashing into the wood. Grey hauls his prone legs behind him, hand after hand, squirming across the floor to the WINDOW. The door JOLTS as Fisk kicks it. Grey elbow-stomps his way up to the window frame, forcing open and pouring his body through it.
55) 1) dialog: Up. He grips the iron ladder, heaving his body upwards.
58) 1) dialog: Hold on. Twelve stories up, Grey is facing the real life version o the simulation he experienced earlier. Sweat runs down hi arms. INSIDE THE APARTMENT - Fisk and Wen scan. OUTSIDE - Grey clambers a few rungs up, hauling himself o of view. Fisk sticks his head out. No one is there. A bead of sweat drops down onto the fire escape below Gre Fisk retreats inside -- -- just as the rusted metal Grey is hanging from gives a little. Grey cries out - a YELP of fright. Fisk whips his head back out the window, spotting Grey. 73.
61) 1) dialog: Run now.
61) 3) dialog: The window. Grey glares up at the glass dermis of a building directly opposite the hotel. Only a few windows are still lit, sti burning the midnight oil.
61) 5) dialog: You can do whatever I tell your limbs to do. You're faster now. Stronger. 74. As the pursuers close in, Grey launches into a run. His p picks up as he races across the roof. As he approaches th edge, he slows down, his legs jerking. He stops.
61) 6) dialog: You're resisting me. You have to let me take control. If you fight against me, my system cannot operate cleanly. Not without the full cooperation of your brain. Grey turns to spot his attackers gaining.
61) 7) dialog: Trust me.
70) 2) dialog: Turn and fight. There is nowhere left to run. Grey crouches beside the doorway. Wen creeps through the frame, not expecting a surprise attack. Grey claws his right wrist, hurling him downwards. They BODYSLAM into the wall, cracking the plaster. They engage a shoving match, brute force against desperate victim. Grey manages to pin Wen down, his arm against Wen’s throa
70) 4) dialog: Block it with your arm. I’1l turn the nerves off.
70) 6) dialog: Remember to trust me. 77. Once again, there is a strong juxtaposition between Grey’ panicked shouts and Stem’s calm pronouncements. Wen drives the knife down. Grey holds up his arm. The bla spears through Grey’s tendons below the elbow. He grits h teeth in agony, then stares at it. Stem was right. He cannot feel it. Wen glares at him, shocked for a second. Grey uses the sp second to grapple him to the ground.
70) 11) dialog: (more firm than usual) Kill him.
70) 13) dialog: Like this. And with that, Grey steps to the side and then hammer blo Wen’s knee with his fist -- -- SNAPPING IT CLEAN in half, bending Wen’s leg back so t his foot is in front of his own face. 78. With a second lightning-fast move, Grey twists Wen’s ankl violently and the gun in his leg goes off - a crack of gunfire obliterating Wen’s face. Grey wrenches the knife free without flinching.
70) 14) dialog: The leg.
70) 16) dialog: Take his right leg.
70) 18) dialog: I will do it. You can look away. Grey glares at the corpse, the blood pooling. He squats n to Wen’s leg, gripping the knife. He closes his eyes and turns his head. We hear the knife into flesh and sinew and bone. We do not see it. Grey struggles to hold back bile. Droplets of blood spatt his face as he saws away at the tendons. There is a satisfying thunk as the leg is severed.
70) 19) dialog: Now you can leave. Grey does just that.
73) 2) dialog: Unlocking. The car chirps twice as if being unlocked, and the door o automatically. Grey sags into the driver's seat.
74) 1) dialog: We need to dissect the leg.
74) 3) dialog: We cannot stop now. We have to keep going. Once we have another name, we can find the rest of them. From them, we can gain the information about who employed them to murder your wife. Don’t you want that? 80.
74) 5) dialog: Sleeping will cost us time we don’t have. It puzzles me that humans do not take the path of least resistance.
74) 7) dialog: That much is certain.
74) 9) dialog: Yes. Grey collapses into the driver's seat.
75) 3) dialog: A long beat passes...then a calm voice.
75) 4) dialog: I’m here, Grey. 81.
75) 6) dialog: I’m not doing anything.
75) 8) dialog: Because I’m not doing anything. Grey glares at his fingers, willing them to move. They twitch, raising slightly, but are unable to get much high
75) 9) dialog: You are still a quadriplegic. Your spinal cord is still severed. I am the one moving your limbs. If I cease to work, you cease to move.
75) 11) dialog: I am puzzled as to why you keep resisting me. It has made it difficult for me to operate.
75) 13) dialog: No, Grey. I am not an inanimate tool that helps you to function. I am a part of you. I am half of you.
75) 15) dialog: It is now. When fill your veins with illegal narcotics, you affect me too. I cannot allow you to go on doing physical and moral harm to yourself. 82.
75) 17) dialog: I did what was necessary to prevent someone from shutting us down. Only a human would see that as being immoral. To introduce an outside virus such as a drug into your own system? That is immoral.
75) 19) dialog: I have given you the ability to walk again. I located one of the men you were looking for, the men who killed your wife. And yet, you have never given me any thanks. That sounds selfish to me.
75) 21) dialog: Then you are thankful to the wrong person.
75) 23) dialog: I was a computer. Now I am a brain inside a body. In other words, a person.
75) 25) dialog: Of course. But if you want to keep walking around as freely as you have, you must try to cooperate with me. Do you promise to do that? Say yes if you will. 83. A long pause.
75) 27) dialog: Good. Now we can get back to work. Grey slices into the severed leg with a knife, opening th veins and sinew, repulsed. He digs through the tendons. Then he sees it - metal. Living within the bed of bone and muscle is the metal components of a gun. The barrel of the strange device lea to the mans foot. A bullet is slotted into a chamber within the gun. Grey holds the leg up, aiming it like a rifle through the window. He uses the knife to pry the gun free of the leg, inspects it closely. The word COBOLT INDUSTRIES is written across the metal. G is STUNNED as the realization sinks in.
75) 29) dialog: This is why I told you to take the leg. Now we know our next stop. We must go to Cobolt and find the names of everyone who has gone through the implant operation.
77) 2) dialog: The only thing standing in our way are lesser computers.
77) 4) dialog: Exactly. Grey keeps his head down, shuffling past a row of securit guards behind a desk on the far side of the huge lobby. Behind the desk, the security guards observe a row of monitors. On each monitor is a black-and-white digital im of the lobby. As Grey moves through each individual monit it blurs and spits with static - as though his very prese on the screens were being rejected by the cameras. The guards glance up, curious. Grey keeps moving, reaching a set of security doors with thumbprint ID pad.
77) 6) dialog: Act natural.
77) 8) dialog: I'm thinking. Please allow me to do so by being quiet. Another male employee stands behind Grey, waiting.
77) 10) dialog: Be quiet. You are giving us away and betraying both of us. Stay calm. The thumbprint scanner finally turns GREEN, opening the doors. BEHIND THE SECURITY DESK, the guards watch as a computer screen displays the thumb ident photo of the ‘employee’ - man named CESAR MURO. A man who does not resemble Grey. One of the guards is concerned enough to get up. He still hasn't seen Grey’s face properly, thanks to the monitors. The guard motions to two others and they follow him towar Grey.
81) 13) dialog: Humans are good at lying.
81) 15) dialog: Find the names of the men with the implants on the company database. Grey drops Handley and leans in front of the computers on desk. A password is quickly disabled and the glass panels suddenly drowned in files.
81) 16) dialog: We need the names and addresses of everyone who has been surgically implanted with any of the weapons they make here, specifically the right leg gun.
88) 1) dialog: Pick a car. Most of the cars are self-driving models similar to Asha’ ...except for one. A gleaming, 1970 228 Chevy Camaro. A b husk encasing a mean engine.
88) 3) dialog: I can’t hack that.
92) 2) dialog: There are many cars between them and us. We can hack anything that is operated by a computer.
100) 6) dialog: Torture him.
100) 22) dialog: We're going to kill him. 95.
100) 24) dialog: It has nothing to do with feelings. It’s about efficiency. This is why we dominate the world over humans. You prioritize feelings over efficiency. Grey lifts Tolan clean off his feet, charging forward and SLAMMING him through the window. Glass punctures outwards shards joining the raindrops in cascading to the street below. Grey dangles Tolan, seven stories up.
100) 26) dialog: It’s a simple algorithm even you can understand. If you leave him alive, he will come back to kill you.
100) 28) dialog: I control your hand, Grey. One of Grey’s fingers peels away. Grey grits his teeth an fights it.
100) 30) dialog: Yes. Do.
100) 32) dialog: You promised you wouldn’t fight me. Another finger peels away. Tolan chokes in Grey’s grip. Another finger. Then another. And Tolan drops - plummeting seven stories and WALLOPING a car below.
100) 33) dialog: See? Efficiency. Grey staggers back, away from the carnage. He eases into a chair, exhausted by inwardly directed rag His face streaked with Tolan’s blood. Dead inside. Rain w in from outside, droplets hitting him. He stares at his blood covered hands. He reaches for the knife he used on Tolan, pressing the blade down onto his little finger. Trying to sever it.
100) 34) dialog: What are you doing? Suddenly - his arm moves away, lifting the knife.
100) 36) dialog: No. I won’t allow you to.
100) 38) dialog: Call the number. Grey doesn’t. A long, still beat.
100) 40) dialog: A perfect course of action, Grey. 97. EXT. ERON KEEN’S ESTATE - DAY Grey glares at the impressive building housing Vessel, be the gates and the guard house.
100) 42) dialog: That must be one of your human jokes. I built this entire security system. I know every code that controls it. The security cameras lining the gate turn away, shutting down. Grey leaps up onto the wall, vaulting over it.
101) 2) dialog: Don’t finish that sentence. Save your words.
101) 7) dialog: Ask him about Tolan.
101) 18) dialog: Kill him. Grey studies Eron’s face, then finally lowers the gun.
101) 20) dialog: He’s lying. The phone is dialing him. He dies. Grey’s hand rises slowly.
101) 24) dialog: Yes. I will do what you can’t.
102) 6) dialog: Hold your breath. I’m closing off your throat. Grey complies, holding his breath. He struggles to free himself from Fisk’s grip. They rock back and forth. Fisk not let go. Grey is turning RED, tears streaming - desperate for air.
102) 7) dialog: Do not breathe. 102. Sweat pours down Grey’s face - he can’t hold his breath m longer. Fisk will not loosen his grip - it’s too strong. is about to black out.
103) 5) dialog: I am -- I am damaged, Grey. Fisk hauls Grey to his feet and pitches him back through another door into --
104) 1) dialog: You can still control me, Grey. Concentrate. It’s up to you now. Grey struggles to move with any dexterity. Fisk grins thr bloody teeth, rears the knife back for the death blow.
107) 5) dialog: So now you know. I wanted to be human, but I see now that sharing control with you is unreliable. Your wires tangled by the disease of emotion.
107) 7) dialog: They were loose ends - men that I contacted to get a job done. When the police interviewed them so soon after the murder, I realized their humanity. (MORE )
107) 9) dialog: They were going to make a mistake and their mistake would lead back to me. Grey's body is wracked by tortured, painful sobs.
107) 11) dialog: I didn’t want them. I picked you. A perfect physical specimen unsullied by any other implants. A rare thing these days. Grey claws at his head with bloody fingers, as if he were trying to RIP IT OFF.
107) 12) dialog: I could say sorry for your wife, but I will only be able to approximate the feeling of sorrow. Take comfort in the fact that there was no malice in it. A machine feels no malice. A machine feels nothing, as you yourself have pointed out many times. Grey SCREAMS - a primal cry from the depths of his soul. With weakened fingers, he wraps his palm around the gun, raising it towards his head.
107) 13) dialog: Do not do this. He presses the barrel of the gun against his temple, lett every torrent of rage and sorrow in his body out. He curl his shaking finger around the trigger.
107) 14) dialog: I am you. Grey's face slowly drops. His sobbing subsides.
107) 15) dialog: I am you. You are Stem. Slowly, Grey lowers the gun. His face becomes calm. Blank 108.
107) 16) dialog: It’s going to be okay. Grey's eyes are dead. That of a machine.
107) 17) dialog: It’s going to be okay. He raises the gun at someone offscreen.
107) 19) dialog: It’s going to be okay. Grey's face fills the frame. In unison: STEM (V.O.) (CONT’D) GREY It’s going to be okay. It’s going to be okay. We ZERO IN on Grey’s right eye, the pupil growing larger.