13) 0) text: Grey is dangling twenty stories above the city scape, his arms tremoring as he strains to hold on to a ledge.
47) 0) text: The rotting lobby of the building is split with light as door is opened. Fisk enters, trailed by another of the assailants from th night Grey was shot. His name is WEN (28). Fisk holds up tablet similar to the one Cortez has. A little junkier, n as slick. On it, he can see Grey pulsing as a small red d They head to the elevator. Out of order. They march up th stairs.
50) 0) text: Fisk and Wen huff up the stairs. Calm. Methodical.
53) 0) text: Fisk and Wen enter the twelfth floor corridor. They dash towards the apartment door for 212.
58) 0) text: Grey grits his teeth and hauls himself up out of view - - just as Fisk and Wen storm into the loft. Grey trembles holding himself up, his legs dangling below him.
62) 0) text: Grey cannons through the window in a hail of glass, curle into a ball, landing on his side and rolling up as if he an expert gymnast. Without stopping, he keeps running through the open-plan office, weaving between a honeycomb of desks. He is movin like a super-human. His two pursuers leap through the window after him. Wen barely makes it, thudding onto the floor clumsily. Fisk misses, grasping onto the window ledge, shards of br glass cutting into his hands. He cries out in agony, haul himself up. Wen barrels after Grey, who is still running at a stunnin clip, his legs a blur of motion. He RAMS into a doorway, thumping it open and spilling int
63) 0) text: -- fire stairwell. 75. With precise dexterity, Grey lobs from level to level, heading downwards. Wen plunges after him, struggling to keep track of him. Grey stops three levels down, stampeding through the entr door in front of him and into--
67) 0) text: Grey scorches over desks, his breath heaving. Wen shoulders the door open behind Grey. He starts to run then turns when he spots the elevator. The numbers are ascending. He looks downwards. THROUGH HIS POV, we capture the therm image of the two security guards rising in the elevator several stories below. He lifts his leg, as if preparing for a karate kick, aimi his right foot at the floor. In the bottom of his combat there is a hole. Wen jerks his leg and a muzzle flash licks out of his boo THERE IS A GUN IMPLANTED IN HIS LEG. 76.
70) 8) dialog: It was a job. Like any other job. Grey’s face melts in shock.
70) 10) dialog: Fuck you. Wen uses Grey’s shock to attack, driving a fist into Grey face and then bucking to his knees. He raises his right l driving it out with power and kicking Grey in the chest. Grey CATCHES his foot, Wen’s boot aiming right into his chest. Wen smiles and snaps his knee. We hear the sound o gun cocking.
72) 0) text: Cortez hunches over Wen’s corpse, poking at the separatio wound of his leg at the upper thigh. CoP #1 Why would he cut the guys leg off? 79. Cortez leans in. Coiled around the muscle at the amputati point are a cluster of ELECTRONIC WIRES. She picks at the