0) 58) dialog: Mommy ! Annie runs over and jumps into her mother’s arms. Marsh peppers her with kisses. ANNIE (cont’d) I’m making my outfit!
0) 60) dialog: You were late. Was traffic murder? Marsh is struck by the word.
0) 62) dialog: Do they match? 13.
0) 64) dialog: Cool. That’s my style. Marsh laughs and tickles her. Annie squirms and giggles happily. EXT. MARSH’S HOUSE -- LATER -- MORNING. DISTANT POV: The door opens and Annie comes running out being chased by Marsh. Marsh scoops her up and carries he to a Volvo parked in the driveway. Stella sits behind the wheel. CLOSE ON THE CAR. Marsh lowers Annie into the back seat a fastens her seat belt.
0) 121) dialog: Grandma, I can’t sleep. Annie stands at the door, rubbing a knuckle into her eye.
0) 124) dialog: Why was that lady crying? 24.
1) 4) dialog: Mommy’s sleepy. Stella, seated next to Annie, pouring herself coffee, loo over--
1) 11) dialog: No spelling! Annie blows a whistle on a cord around her neck. Marsh ju out of her skin.
1) 15) dialog: Uh-oh. 35. EXT. D.C. RESIDENTIAL STREET -- MORNING. HELICOPTER SHOT: the Colonial house has been cordoned off with yellow evidence tape, behind which stand DOZENS OF ONLOOKERS, visibly excited, taking photos with their cell phones. A Forensic Science Unit Van is parked outside, along with several police cars. TWO CORONER TECHNICIANS carry Miller remains in a zippered bag to their white van. As we hover overhead, we notice DETECTIVES and UNIFORMED OFFICERS at different doorways, questioning NEIGHBORS. And in the midst of all of this -- John Box, striding acr the lawn in a hurry. He jumps into his car EXT. BALTIMORE CITY HALL -- DAY. Marsh hurries up the marble steps of the historic buildin EXT. BALTIMORE CITY HALL CORRIDOR -- LATER -- DAY. Marsh walks down the hall, swarming with activity, and st at the Press Room door, where she flashes her badge. INT. CITY HALL PRESS ROOM -- CONTINUOUS -- DAY. Marsh enters the bright, cluttered room, which is packed network and cable TV crews, reporters, and photographers, the middle of a press briefing. At the microphone stands MICHAEL BECKETT, Chief of the Baltimore Police, 60’s, silver-haired, red-cheeked, readi from prepared notes. Behind him stands John Box, as well as representatives fr the Secret Service, the District Attorney’s office, and t local Sheriff’s office.
2) 19) dialog: Beebee made me cry.
2) 21) dialog: She called me “pooper -scooper.” She says Bridget made it up...and Bridget says Ashley did, but Ashley says Beebee did, and I believe her.
2) 23) dialog: Okay, but only one. Marsh gets up and leaves the room. ANNIE (cont’d) One-one thousand. (crying out) Mommy, come back! She blows her whistle. Stella bursts out laughing. INT. MARSH’S BEDROOM -- MOMENTS LATER -- EVENING. As she turns on her computer, Marsh hits her speed dial. phone rings. Griffin picks up-- 43.
2) 46) dialog: Grandma helped a little. My mom couldn’t, ‘cause she was working on the computer.
2) 70) dialog: Mommy, can I smell them, too?
2) 72) dialog: Hello, John. As before, a subtle look of recognition comes over Box. H smiles warmly at her. BOx You must be about...ummm...six and three quarters, I’1l bet.
2) 73) dialog: (delighted) How did you know that? Marsh is curious, too, and a bit uneasy, but before Box c answer, her Treo vibrates. She checks it. Her face change She and Box meet eyes. She answers it--
2) 77) dialog: You could at least say good-bye! Marsh whips around--
2) 81) dialog: You get used to it. INT. BOX’S SPEEDING CAR -- LATER -- AFTERNOON. Box speeds along the highway with his siren attached to t roof, wailing. Marsh works her laptop in the passenger se Griffin sits in back, looking at Marsh’s screen, waiting. When the image comes up, Marsh and Griffin react Box looks over as best he can, while he drives. On the screen, he sees Jerry Carver tied to the upright Ping-Pon table, wrestling and screaming into his gag. 52. Into his torso, killwithme.com has been cut with a razor. The delicate letters trickle blood. BOx Sick, fuckin’ bastard.
5) 0) text: Annie lies asleep in early morning light. INT. MARSH HALLWAY -- LATER -- MORNING. Annie, still half-asleep, rubbing a knuckle in her eye, p down the hall and stops at her mother’s half-open door. 72.
5) 1) dialog: Mommy? INT. MARSH'S BEDROOM -- MOMENTS LATER -- MORNING. Annie enters and sees Marsh, asleep in a pool of papers.
5) 2) dialog: Mommy? ! Marsh doesn’t wake. Annie blows her whistle. Marsh jumps out of her skin.
5) 4) dialog: You work too much.
5) 6) dialog: I’m hungry and it’s too early to wake up Grandma.
5) 8) dialog: There’s a movie of our house on the computer !
5) 15) dialog: She races through the house, looks in the kitchen. At the dining room hutch, she pulls out of a hidden key, unlocks drawer, removes her Glock, and slams in the clip. Suddenly, a noise from behind her. The front door knob be jiggled. Marsh, gun aimed, moves toward the noise. As she gets closer, the knob continues to jiggle. Stella walks down the stairs, terrified. Marsh frantically gestu for her to get back and be silent. Marsh, chest heaving, grabs the door knob. Marsh swings t door open, gun poised, ready to shoot. It’s Annie. On the verge of tears, chin trembling, she says-- 75.
5) 16) dialog: The door got locked. Suddenly, outside, SIRENS BLARE. Marsh lowers her gun, an gasping for breath, grabs Annie and hugs her with all her might. Stella rushes down to them. EXT. MARSH’S HOUSE -- SAME -- MORNING. TwO POLICE CARS pull up, one from each direction. COPS sp out, weapons drawn. Two surround a car parked across the street. Two race toward the house. INT. MARSH’S FOYER --_SAME -- MORNING. Marsh gestures for the cops to stop. From inside the embrace, Annie asks--
5) 17) dialog: Did I do something bad?
5) 19) dialog: Are we still gonna have French toast? Marsh kisses Annie over and over again, then hands her to Stella, who groans as she takes her.
5) 26) dialog: (excited) Really?
5) 28) dialog: Soon soon? You promise?
5) 30) dialog: Cross your heart and hope to die? Beat.
5) 32) dialog: (waving) Hi, John! Marsh turns and there’s Box at her back door, peering in. Marsh smiles, glad to see him. EXT. MARSH’S HOUSE -- LATER -- MORNING. Marsh, standing with Box, refuses to cry as she watches Annie, a little forlorn, waving good-bye from the back of black Bureau car as it drives away. BOx What are you waiting for? Go with them. (off her look) No one would blame you.