0) 3) dialog: I’m serious. It was the best first date ever. She was amazing. She looked exactly like her picture.
0) 5) dialog: How do you know?
0) 7) dialog: Tunethief .com?
0) 9) dialog: What’s he into?
0) 11) dialog: Are you sure it’s a guy? If it’sa woman, she could be my soulmate. Ping! A sixteen-digit number appears on the screen.
0) 13) dialog: So it is a woman.
0) 15) dialog: Damn, a year past my cut-off.
0) 17) dialog: It’s not her.
0) 19) dialog: That’s your guy. Griffin wheels his chair back to his station. Marsh types quickly. A mostly-filled-in application for a search warr fills a screen. She types in Barrow’s name and address. On the other monitor, she brings up a list of Assistant U Attorneys. She points and clicks. We hear a dial tone. Ringing.
0) 24) text: MARSH(cont 'd) Attorney’s office will be calling you to confirm that. Marsh types a fax number into the warrant application and hits Send. MARSH (cont’‘d) A search warrant, your honor. Multiple bank fraud, access-device fraud, and fraudulent I.D. (beat) Thanks so much. The application should be falling into the tray of your fax machine any second now. Marsh hangs up. On her screen, list after list flies past She points and clicks on FBI TAMPA. She waits. Someone picks up. MARSH (cont’d) Hi. Jennifer Marsh -- a Supervisor in the Cyber Division. I need you to knock on a door for me. EXT. TAMPA HOUSE -- HOUR LATER -- NIGHT. Moonlight. Crickets. A bland house in a middle-class suburban neighborhood. A host of FBI, SHERIFF, and POLICE CARS, lights turned off, glide up and silently park. A swarm of shadows, as AGENTS and OFFICERS silently emerg and take up a perimeter. INT. MARSH'S WORK STATION -- SAME -- RAINY NIGHT. More relaxed now, Marsh organizes papers on her desk. Griffin, typing into a chat room, mutters bitterly--
0) 25) dialog: I’ve gotta get reassigned.
0) 27) dialog: This retired Army Captain is offering to come over to where I’m baby-sitting, only he’s got so many chats going, he can’t keep his names straight. He keeps calling me Jill instead of Molly. (beat) Let’s see what his cellmates call him.... Marsh smiles, then abruptly notices the Post-it Wilks ga her. She reads it again, frowns, then with one hand types killwithme.com into a browser and hits Enter. EXT. TAMPA HOUSE -- SAME -- NIGHT. With his team in position, GRAY, 40, an FBI agent, stride the front door with ANOTHER AGENT. Gray knocks.
0) 42) dialog: What the hell is this?
0) 44) dialog: Just when you think you’ve seen it all.
0) 74) dialog: Poor Lulu. Everyone looks at him strangely. GRIFFIN (cont'd) What? That’s her name. (reading) The owner...Scotty Hickman...26... from Columbia...says she was snatched a few days ago from his front lawn during a yard sale. He recognized the fancy collar.
0) 76) dialog: That’s right.
0) 78) dialog: --is streaming locally. Yes, sir.
0) 87) text: MARSH(cont 'd) Let’s alert STAD and see if it’s a new distributed serving technology they recognize. Meanwhile, I'd like to pull Griffin off Innocent Images and--
0) 88) dialog: (to Brooks) I really could use the break, sir.
0) 100) dialog: (hurrying to join her) Hey, it’s not your fault. I had nothing to do, anyway. Except sit around, trying to figure out why I couldn’t get to first base last night with a date who was both promiscuous and unattractive.
0) 102) dialog: There’s a prescription for lone- liness. I work nights. Who do I meet? Marsh laughs and puts a consoling arm around him. INT. MARSH’S WORK STATION -- MOMENTS LATER -- DAY. Marsh, settling into her chair, is already urgently typin into her keyboard--
0) 104) dialog: Still streaming live. Marsh points with her cursor to the top left corner of th screen, where a digital counter marked ETOD counts down t time: 23:46:32
0) 106) dialog: Wait, it’s bullshit, right? It’s fake. It’s gotta be. The guy’s an actor!
0) 108) dialog: You know, just because you were right and he was wrong, doesn’t mean you have to rub his nose in it. Marsh’s smile does not reassure. INT. BROOKS'S OFFICE -- MOMENTS LATER -- DAY. Brooks leans back in his desk chair, frowning skeptically his computer screen, which shows Herbert Miller trapped i the cement. Marsh and Griffin sit across from him. Griffi reads aloud, summarizing from the report--
0) 109) dialog: Herbert Miller, 54. A pilot for Liberty Executive Charter. Lives in Bramford, ten minutes from here. Friday after work, he called his wife and said he had a great ticket for the 0’s game that he got from an ad he placed on Craig’s List. She never heard from him again.
0) 111) dialog: (confused) Miller? I...I--
0) 118) dialog: What’s driving up the numbers like that? It can’t just be word of mouth. EXT. MILLERS’ BRAMFORD HOME -- AFTERNOON. TV NEWS VANS and SATELLITE TRUCKS are parked in the drive The living room windows are illuminated by bright lights inside. COPS keep order among the neighbors, dog walkers, kids on bikes, gathered outside. An UNMARKED CAR drives up to the curb. JOHN BOX, 40, a street-tough homicide detective, emerges, smoking a cigarette. He is strong, self-assured, a touch world-wear A COP walks over to meet him. BOx When did the circus hit town? CoP #1 Right after the clowns got tipped. All of ‘em. Anonymously. 23. Box shakes his head with dismay, and they head to the hou The crowd parts. Box flicks his cigarette before he goes inside. INT. MILLERS’ BRAMFORD HOME -- CONTINUOUS -- AFTERNOON. Under bright lights, MRS. MILLER sits on the couch, clutc a ball of tissue, crying, talking to LOCAL TV REPORTERS.
0) 127) dialog: How patriotic. (beat) The e-mail offering Miller the Orioles ticket, and the tips coming into the TV stations, were all sent from different mail servers, and they were all shut down ten seconds after the messages were sent.
0) 129) dialog: I searched every newsgroup and found the very first post that mentioned killwithme. It appeared about thirty seconds after the site went up. (reading) “A cat caught in a mouse trap. How’s that for irony? It’s streaming live on killwithme.com. It’s awesome. Check it out.” (beat) (MORE )
0) 130) text: GRIFFIN(cont'd) I traced it to a Georgetown sophomore named Andrew Kinross. But then I looked closer and saw the post didn’t actually originate from his computer.
0) 132) dialog: That would be my guess.
0) 134) dialog: It’s worth a shot. Griffin wheels back to his desk. He is struck by the sigh of Miller on the screen, staring straight at him. GRIFFIN (cont'd) Too bad he wasn’t a Boy Scout. He could blink Morse Code and tell us where he is. Marsh smiles and shakes her head at Griffin’s odd mind, t begins to type. INT. BASEMENT -- NIGHT. Miller, cemented into the floor, is slouched over, his sk burned violet, his lips and eyelids crusted, facing the v camera. The air shimmies with the fierce heat. Miller’s lifeless eyes slowly lift. Ten feet away, along dirty wall, lies the dead kitten -- a maggoty patch of dr fur set in glue. CLOSE ON A DIGITAL READOUT. When the Viewer counter goes over 8,000,000, a hard drive flashes and the tenth lamp w to life. Miller’s eyes widen and he moans helplessly. INT. DIAL-UP ROOM -- SAME -- NIGHT. Marsh and Griffin have fallen into a fast, efficient rhyt together- -
0) 136) dialog: I think I see it.
0) 138) dialog: Got it.
0) 140) dialog: Running trace-route. We'll get it. It's been bounced through a relay--
0) 142) dialog: ...USing a DOD encryption program. Interesting. Not a problem. As Griffin types, his screens flash with graphics and dat streams. The two work and relay information in perfect sy GRIFFIN (cont'd) Okay, I’ve unencrypted the orig- inating IP. A couple of duplexers a firewall. A major firewall, as good as ours.
0) 144) dialog: Maybe he’s not as smart as we thought.
0) 146) dialog: I’m in his hard drive. I’ve got his root directory.
0) 148) dialog: Reading about his own site. I’m sorry, but that’s just tacky. 27.
0) 150) dialog: Got the four-by-four digits of a credit card. First digit is a5.
0) 152) dialog: He’s got good taste.
0) 154) dialog: So he’s not as smart as we thought. He’s smarter. They sit for a moment, breathing hard, a bit spooked. GRIFFIN (cont'd) He’s in our network, you know.
0) 156) dialog: Maybe that’s the profiler you asked for.
0) 181) dialog: (whisper ) There was time, but then the numbers...they just exploded. The text banner appears: ROTFL...TYFAYS...MTC...ROTFL TYFAYS...MTC...ROTFL...TYFTAYS...MTC.... Marsh reads, thinks, then translates--
2) 9) dialog: Guess who Brooks asked to join the task force? Marsh smiles at the happy surprise. INT. TASK FORCE MEETING ROOM -- LATER -- DAY. Seated in the room are a DOZEN MEN and a COUPLE OF WOMEN: representing the County Sheriff, the FBI, and the Baltimo and D.C. police departments.
2) 12) dialog: Griffin Dowd. I work here, too. In Innocent Images. Which is just a poetic way of saying internet kiddie porn. Serial homicide’1l be a nice break. The last few people introduce themselves and Wynn takes o again--
2) 24) dialog: (from the phone) Hello!
2) 27) dialog: Barely. I’ve got a big date tonight.
2) 29) dialog: I don’t know. She’s from match.com. A legal secretary.
2) 31) dialog: Oh, you mean...ummm....Kincaid? No, Kinross. Andrew. What about him?
2) 33) dialog: I guess it’s worth looking into.
2) 35) dialog: Like you had anything planned. 44.
2) 37) dialog: Know what you are? A playa hata.
2) 39) dialog: You got it. They hang up. All business now, she begins to type, her f taking on a fierce expression that carries over into-- EXT. MARSH'S BEDROOM WINDOW -- LATER -- NIGHT. FROM ACROSS THE STREET: Framed in the glass, Marsh works her desk under a bright lamp. INT. MARSH’S BEDROOM -- DAY/NIGHT. VARIOUS SHOTS OF MARSH HARD AT WORK, her computer screen flashing with data on Kinross, chat rooms pages, news gro postings. She’s clearly not finding what she’s looking fo At one point, Annie interrupts, pulling Marsh from the de by her hand. At another, Marsh, dead on her feet, watches from her win as Stella and Annie play catch in the front yard. INT. ANNIE’S BEDROOM -- LATER -- DAWN. In bed, Annie lies sound asleep, sprawled amid paste, scissors, construction paper, and a stack of red-white-an blue decorations. Marsh sits down next to her, smiling tenderly at the mess She clears some of it away, then pulls Annie’s blanket up higher. 45. She kisses Annie’s cheek, then slowly lays her head down. Marsh’s eyes flutter shut, the CAMERA DRIFTS TO THE WINDO where the sun rises and birds sing. EXT. RESIDENTIAL STREET -- MORNING. Birds also sing on a charming neighborhood of generous mi class homes set back amid thick foliage. American flags h from many of them. A big, black BMW glides down the block INT. BMW -- SAME -- MORNING. JERRY CARVER, 40’s, handsome, tanned, well-coiffed, drive slowly, looking between a slip of paper in his hand and t passing addresses. Finally, he pulls into the secluded driveway of a middle- class home and parks behind a big, gold Cadillac. EXT. MIDDLE-CLASS HOME -- MOMENTS LATER -- MORNING. Carver, admiring the house, walks up to the front door. H pushes the doorbell. While he waits, he looks around, admiring the garden, the oak tree, the fence. Right next to Carver, at a side window, a curtain parts a YOUNG MAN looks out. Carver doesn’t notice. MEET OWEN, 30, his skin unwholesome, his eyes devoid of light. He studies Carver for a few long beats, then he disappears. Moments later, just as Carver is about to press the bell again, Owen opens the door. His smile is bright, but stif as though his face might crack. Carver tries to hide his surprise at the young man’s disturbing appearance.
2) 45) dialog: You made ‘em all by yourself?
2) 47) dialog: She works hard, huh? Annie nods emphatically. GRIFFIN (cont'd) How’s that? Annie grins up at her handiwork. INT. MIDDLE-CLASS HOME -- LATER -- MORNING. Owen stands in the living room, his face impassive, while Carver admires the decor, which is in a contemporary Asia style.
2) 58) dialog: Not bad. But I think today’s will be better. She’s a social worker. She’11 be hear any minute.
2) 60) dialog: No -- so behave. (beat) How was your weekend?
2) 62) dialog: Was? Not anymore?
2) 64) dialog: You think our guy killed him?
2) 66) dialog: Not much. His company caters mostly to corporate attorneys and bankers who need to get in and out of D.C. in a hurry. No serious ties to politics or high tech. Griffin tosses in a match and the coals burst into flame. 49. INT. OWEN’S BASEMENT -- DAY. Naked but for boxers and black socks, Jerry Carver lies unconscious, bruised, gagged, slumped against the folded- picnic table. His torso is snaked with patriotic bunting. An I1.V. tube buried in his clavicle and taped in place. A few feet away, we see the rotting shape, embedded in th cement floor, of where Herbert Miller was cut in two. Suddenly, one of Jerry Carver’s lifeless arms jerks to li like a marionette’s. Then the other one does. They both snap up and bang back against the Ping-Pong table. We realize that his arms are being controlled by Ethernet cables tied to both wrists, and connected to a crank. As cable is stretched tighter, Carver’s body rises and his a spread wider and wider. Coming to, Carver begins to moan, turning his head from s to side. Owen walks out from behind the table. He kneels opens a tool box and removes a metal tool meant to scrape paint from window panes. From a tiny cardboard sheath, Owen slips out a double-edg razor blade and slips it into the tool. EXT. MARSH’S BACKYARD -- LATE AFTERNOON. A PACK OF CHILDREN swarm and scatter, laughing and scream with delight, spraying each other with SQUIRT GUNS. At a PICNIC TABLE, PARENTS chat, eating hotdogs and burge sipping beers. Marsh, holding a beer, stands alone, watch as the sun bleeds below the tree line. She turns and sees Annie happily squealing, backed agains flower bed, drenched by her friends. Marsh looks over and sees Griffin manning the grill. Griffin glances at Marsh and their eyes click like billia balls. They share a smile. It’s interrupted by--
2) 80) dialog: I am so sorry. Gotta run. He races away with Marsh and Box. Melanie is bewildered. She sees Annie, looking up at her.
2) 82) dialog: What does the crawl say?
2) 84) dialog: 2,513,000 viewers. Estimated Time of Death: 18 hours, 33 minutes. INT. TEENAGE BOY’S BACKYARD -- LATE AFTERNOON. A TEENAGE BOY, smoking a joint, lies on his hammock, with OPEN LAPTOP COMPUTER on his lap. On the other side of a nearby fence, a barbecue is in progress. The teen laughs, sputtering, watching a home video clip o kid getting hit in the bare chest by a Roman candle. The moment when the firework knocks the kid off his feet play over and over again in slow motion. Ping! The teenager gets an Instant message: <<Dude, KWM - back up!>> Excited, the teenager takes a hit off his join and clicks on the little red heart of his Favorite Places Killwithme.com loads. When he sees Jerry Carver strapped to the table, he laugh hard that he chokes on his smoke, but then he abruptly notices something unbelievable. He puts his nose right up the screen to be sure. No way! He flies out of the hammoc almost dropping his laptop, and rushes over to the fence-
2) 86) dialog: Me, too. That-- That’s not-- PETERSON, 30’s, a DEPUTY SHERIFF, enters, a bit winded--
2) 88) dialog: Right! A reporter. Peterson hands over a headshot from the C-Span website.
3) 4) dialog: His lips are moving! Marsh screen-captures and magnifies Carver’s mouth. The g has fallen farther. We can see his lips. Marsh barks at Griffin--
4) 10) dialog: And that’s on a holiday.
4) 12) text: MARSH(cont 'd) They just visited a website, like they do every day...to check the news...their stocks.... (beat) Or watch a skateboarder break his arm. A pedestrian get run over. Two strangers have sex. An innocent journalist get beheaded. Box shakes his head, appalled-- BOx When did the world go fuckin’ insane? I use my computer to send mail and get sports scores. Marsh smiles at Griffin--
4) 14) dialog: It’s a jungle in there. The point lands. Then, slowly, Marsh looks around, thinki piecing it together--
4) 29) dialog: Brooks finally made it a special... and he brought in the profiler you asked for. Two, in fact.
4) 32) dialog: When we transfer agents from other divisions to cover our regular cases, so our agents, who know the area, can join the task force.
4) 34) dialog: A phone call from the Director. Who got one from the Secretary of Homeland Security. Whose niece used to date Jerry Carver’s son. Marsh has to smile at the absurdity.
4) 42) dialog: Every post Kinross left in the last year.
4) 44) dialog: And this. He holds up two disks. GRIFFIN (cont'd) One for you and one for me. Every video clip he ever uploaded. That was his real hobby. Pulling sick shit off the net and posting it on shock-video sites. Griffin slips in his disc and types into his keyboard. GRIFFIN (cont'd) This is last thing he posted before he died. (MORE )
4) 45) text: GRIFFIN(cont 'd) Sort of a personal greatest hits. He called it the “My Best of the Worst.” Griffin clicks. Marsh settles on the corner of his desk. Menacing rock accompanies a fast, grisly, one-minute mont of car accidents, police shootings, street fights convenience store murder, athlete’s broken limbs, traffic helicopter footage of a suicidal man lifting a rifle to h mouth.... Before the man pulls the trigger, Marsh grabs Griffin’s m and stops the movie.
4) 47) dialog: (sarcastic) Poor Andy. He had so much to offer the world. Marsh sighs and eyes the huge stacks of posts.
5) 35) dialog: I guess I missed all the fun.
5) 38) dialog: On my way in. Annie’s okay?
5) 40) dialog: What about you? Marsh plucks a hand-drawn Mother’s Day card off the refrigerator. Studies it.
5) 42) dialog: You sure?
5) 44) dialog: So you wanna hear my theory about why he tried to scare the crap out of you?
5) 46) dialog: Because there is a connection between him and Kinross, and somehow he knows you’re onto it, and he wants to drive you off the case.
5) 48) dialog: Maybe. I mean, it’s a long shot and I still need to check out some details, but-- (click) Shit! Hold on. (clicking over) Hello?
5) 50) dialog: (surprised) Melanie. Hi. Hold on. (clicking back to Marsh) Are you coming in today?
5) 52) dialog: Come sooner. Noon. I’11 lay the whole thing out for you.
5) 54) dialog: Gotta go! It’s Melanie!
5) 56) dialog: The one I ditched. Bye! Too late. He’s gone. Marsh has to smile to herself. INT. GRIFFIN’S MOVING SPORTS CAR -- SAME -- DAY. Griffin speaks to Melanie--
5) 57) dialog: So you actually forgive me?
5) 59) dialog: Yeah, I spent some time on it. INT. OWEN’S BASEMENT -- SAME -- MORNING. Owen tinkers with some kind of mechanical contraption. Fr a speaker on his computer--
5) 60) dialog: I hear you stayed for a while. Even ate a hotdog. Owen speaks in his normal voice into his computer--
5) 62) dialog: Annie really liked you. And you know what they say about kids. That like animals. Very good judges of character.
5) 85) text: OWEN(cont'd) Then for some reason people started to think that we’d evolved. Become civilized. But it’s not true. I know. As the Viewer counter flies past 4,000,000, a door on the starts to lift. OWEN (cont’d) See? See how excited they are to see you die? FIRE ANTS come crawling out, joining the exodus leading t Griffin. He screams louder, bucking and writhing. After a few long seconds, the door lowers, cutting off the ants. OWEN (cont’d) I like you, Griffin. Jennifer, too. You’re both really intelligent. Especially Jennifer...no offense. So it’s not personal. I’m only doing to you what your friends will do to me when they catch me. Only they’1l use Potassium Chloride, and they won’t let very many people watch. Even though almost everybody will want to. (beat) Oh, wow. As the Viewer counter flies past 4,500,000, the door star to lift. Griffin screams into his gag. Owen shakes his head. OWEN (cont’d) So much faster this time. Word of mouth, I guess. (beat) Or maybe it’s because you’re wearing your badge. INT. TASK FORCE COMMAND CENTER -- LATER -- DAY. The Task Force sits and stands, paralyzed before the monitors. The counters spin so quickly that action is impossible. Among the group, Marsh sits, watching in agony, helpless, Griffin screams and writhes, his limbs and torso thick wi ants. She can’t take it an instant longer. She jumps up a races out of the room. INT. CYBER DIVISION HALLWAY -- LATER -- DAY. Marsh runs down the hall, as though being pursued. 86. INT. CYBER DIVISION BATHROOM -- LATER -- DAY. The door bangs open. Marsh enters, sucking wind. She lean down on the sink, breathing hard, looking as though she m puke. Gradually her breathing slows. She starts to cry. But sto herself. She turns on the tap. Splashes her face with water. She looks up into the mirror, directly into her ow anguished eyes. Suddenly, they ignite with an idea. INT. TASK FORCE COMMAND CENTER -- MOMENTS LATER. Marsh explodes into the room--
5) 121) text: MARSH(cont 'd) The killer did, using his name. Why? Why did the subject use Kinross’s name and not someone else’s to promote his site? That’s what Griffin and I asked ourselves and, the night before he died Griffin found the answer. But the killer knew that he had, and he got to him first. Marsh clicks her mouse and the photo of Kinross is replac by a grainy aerial photograph of the man, holding the rif standing on the shoulder of a towering freeway overpass. MARSH (cont’d) Recognize him? He had his fifteen minutes. Many recognize him, other clearly do not MARSH (cont’d) James Cleary. A biology teacher at Marshall Junior College. Nine months ago, depressed by the recent death of his wife...a hematologist ...Cleary staggered out of his car, during rush hour, onto the I-50 overpass. Traffic copters were out in force that day...but only one... Channel 9’s...caught the action from beginning to end. The regular pilot was out sick, so the glory went to a fill-in...an old Air Force buddy of his...a guy who made his living chauffeuring executives. Click. The screen shows a Liberty Executive Charter photo I.D. of Herbert Miller. MARSH (0.S.) (cont'd) Later, he told friends he was just lucky. In the right place at the right time. Click, back to Cleary. Click again, and now the VIDEO CLIP plays, muted. The clip shows Cleary in distress, looking up at the circ choppers, then over at three police cars that have stoppe the highway thirty feet away. Officers are crouched at their car doors, weapons drawn. Cleary looks over the edge of the overpass and considers jumping. 97. One of the Officers, wearing a bulletproof vest, walks sl toward him, weapon lowered, trying to talk sense to him. Cleary throws a leg over the railing and screams at him t stop. The Officer does not stop. He merely slows down, still talking and advancing, urging him to lower his rifle. As he gets closer, our chopper swerves dangerously low, Cleary panics. Ina flash, he puts the rifle in his mouth and pulls the trigger. The back of his head blows off. Click. The frame freezes. MARSH (cont’d) The back of Cleary’s skull landed on that roof. A Burger King. So did his glasses. The piece of skull was turned over to the coroner. But the glasses were retrieved by the assistant manager. Click. The Burger King employee I.D. of Scott Hickman. MARSH (cont’d) He put them up for sale on ebay. There were plenty of bidders, but when word got out, the auction was shut down. Click, and Cleary’s body wilts and falls over the railing THE HELICOPTER CAMERA follows the body, as it falls fifty feet then hits and bounces off a big, swiftly passing car