2) 40) dialog: You’re right on time.
2) 42) dialog: I didn’t know that.
2) 44) dialog: It had a dent, but I got it fixed. EXT. MARSH’S BACKYARD -- DAY. Griffin stands on a picnic table, threading a garland of Annie’s decorations into the branches of a tree.
2) 49) dialog: Just Korea. Awkward beat. 47.
2) 51) dialog: Thank you. Another awkward silence.
2) 53) dialog: Of course. FOLLOW OWEN, leading Carver through the spotless house. A of the rooms are decorated in the rosewood, teak, and porcelain. Carver chatters uneasily--
2) 55) dialog: Dad and I used to play with them. And we played Ping-Pong. And we built things. Toys. Contraptions. We had quite a workshop. Owen stops and fixes Carver with a dead stare. OWEN (cont’d) He passed away last year.
5) 22) text: INT. OWEN’S BASEMENT -- SAME -- MORNING. Qwen, sitting at his computer, smiles at her reaction. EXT. MARSH’S STREET -- SAME -- MORNING. The camera lands with a clatter at the curb. Marsh breath hard, trying to calm herself. In the background, we hear- cop #1 (0.S.) Virginia plates. CoP #2 (0.S.) I’1l check the glove compartment.
5) 61) dialog: Just half of one. 81.
5) 63) dialog: What can I say? I have to agree. I’m a total catch. (beat) So, Mr. Dowd-- INT. GRIFFIN’S MOVING SPORTS CAR -- SAME -- DAY. QOwen’s voice is being electronically altered to sound fe
5) 84) dialog: If no one was watching right now, there wouldn’t be any ants. wWe’d just be talking. But people enjoy the suffering of others. They really do. In the old days, they watched gladiators kill each other. And later people were hanged in public. Or had their heads cut off. All of it was enormously popular. (MORE )
5) 85) text: OWEN(cont'd) Then for some reason people started to think that we’d evolved. Become civilized. But it’s not true. I know. As the Viewer counter flies past 4,000,000, a door on the starts to lift. OWEN (cont’d) See? See how excited they are to see you die? FIRE ANTS come crawling out, joining the exodus leading t Griffin. He screams louder, bucking and writhing. After a few long seconds, the door lowers, cutting off the ants. OWEN (cont’d) I like you, Griffin. Jennifer, too. You’re both really intelligent. Especially Jennifer...no offense. So it’s not personal. I’m only doing to you what your friends will do to me when they catch me. Only they’1l use Potassium Chloride, and they won’t let very many people watch. Even though almost everybody will want to. (beat) Oh, wow. As the Viewer counter flies past 4,500,000, the door star to lift. Griffin screams into his gag. Owen shakes his head. OWEN (cont’d) So much faster this time. Word of mouth, I guess. (beat) Or maybe it’s because you’re wearing your badge. INT. TASK FORCE COMMAND CENTER -- LATER -- DAY. The Task Force sits and stands, paralyzed before the monitors. The counters spin so quickly that action is impossible. Among the group, Marsh sits, watching in agony, helpless, Griffin screams and writhes, his limbs and torso thick wi ants. She can’t take it an instant longer. She jumps up a races out of the room. INT. CYBER DIVISION HALLWAY -- LATER -- DAY. Marsh runs down the hall, as though being pursued. 86. INT. CYBER DIVISION BATHROOM -- LATER -- DAY. The door bangs open. Marsh enters, sucking wind. She lean down on the sink, breathing hard, looking as though she m puke. Gradually her breathing slows. She starts to cry. But sto herself. She turns on the tap. Splashes her face with water. She looks up into the mirror, directly into her ow anguished eyes. Suddenly, they ignite with an idea. INT. TASK FORCE COMMAND CENTER -- MOMENTS LATER. Marsh explodes into the room--
5) 122) text: Click, and the screen goes black. MARSH (cont’d) Every suicide is a tragedy for the survivors, but this was far worse, because it was broadcast live on the 5 o’clock news. Kids home from school saw it. Outraged parents called in. The TV stations apologized. Except channel 9. They’d been having trouble in the ratings...but not that afternoon. The numbers were sky-high. (beat) Knowing a good thing when it fell in their lap, they rushed a veteran reporter to the scene... 98. Click. The screen fills with a muted video clip of Jerry Carver, slick and professional, holding a Channel 9 microphone, speaking to camera. MARSH (0.S.) (cont'd) He got lucky and landed an inter- view with the local businessman whose Cadillac was hit by Cleary’s falling body. The frame widens, as Jerry begins to interview an agitate ASIAN MAN, 50, standing next to his dented, gold Cadillac MARSH (0.S.) (cont’d) When the interview ended, as a courtesy to those who might have missed it, Channel 9 aired the video one last time. The video starts over. Plays a little bit. Click. Marsh freezes it. BACK TO MARSH, addressing the group-- MARSH (cont‘d) Five years ago, that would have been the end of it. But the world’s changed. Within a few minutes of Channel 9 airing the footage for the last time, Andrew Kinross had pulled it off his TiVo and posted it on five different shock-video sites. From there, Cleary’s suicide was public domain. The worst pain a family can endure had become something for a billion strangers to feed on, laugh at turn away from, gossip about. (beat) But Cleary didn’t have much family. Just a son that he and his wife had rescued out of foster care. Owen was a brilliant kid, good with mechanics...electronics... computers. But he was troubled, frail, withdrawn. He worked as a freelance programmer. Out of his basement. (beat) Owen adored his father. To be confronted with his terrible death again and again was more than his psyche could withstand. (MORE )
5) 123) text: MARSH(cont 'd) He began hacking into sites that offered the clip and leaving violent threats ...lashing out at the uncaring mob that had turned his personal loss into a sideshow attraction. He was eventually hospitalized. Put on suicide watch himself. (beat) Six months ago, Owen was released. He lives, alone now, in his father’s house in Silver Springs. Click. A photo of Owen fills the screen. MARSH (cont’d) The warrant’1l be here in a few minutes. Marsh glances at Box. MARSH (cont’d) What do you say we arrest the piece of shit? Then she looks back at the group, smiling. EXT. MARYLAND HIGHWAYS -- LATER -- NIGHT. VARIOUS SHOTS OF SHERIFF, POLICE, and UNMARKED CARS strea down the highway. EXT. OWEN’S HOUSE -- LATER -- NIGHT. FBI, SHERIFF and POLICE CARS glide up from both direction and silently park. Heavily-armed AGENTS and OFFICERS silently emerge and take up a perimeter. INT. OWEN’S LIVING ROOM -- SAME -- NIGHT. Everything is tidy, dark, and still.
7) 5) dialog: Hello, Jennifer. With a gasp, Marsh yanks out her weapon and points it int the back. Nothing. No one. The cat makes a sound. Slowly, very slowly, heart pounding, she inches her eyes to the NorthStar speaker above her head. For a moment, just the sound of two people breathing in t dark. And the sounds of the storm. OWEN (cont’d) I can hear you. You’re not dead. (beat) Look out the passenger window. (she doesn’t) Under that streetlight, that’s where my dad’s body landed after he killed himself. Some websites show the whole thing in slow-motion because it’s so much better that way. One archives it in a section called “Whoa.” That’s all. Just “whoa.”
7) 18) dialog: Jennifer? Marsh freezes, looks up slowly, ever so slowly, at the Northstar. Then from the shadows of the back seat, Owen rises up sopping wet and touches his Taser to her cheek. Marsh screams and spasms and falls. DARKNESS. FLASH. Marsh, hands and feet bound with Ethernet cable an her mouth gagged, is being dragged by her hair across a cement floor. As she is brutally dragged up two stairs, she sees the sp on the wall where a lawn mower hangs -- its dirty outline visible on the wall -- but it’s not there. Abruptly, she realizes that it’s her own garage! She scre into her gag, kicking, wriggling, resisting with all her might. 108. Owen drops her to the floor. Her head cracks against the cement. Blood drips from her scalp. Owen’s shadow lengthe across her body. Her eyes beg him not to hurt her. He touches the Taser to her face. DARKNESS.
8) 0) text: Marsh’s eyes open to pure horror, as she tumbles down the steps with Owen descending behind her. She hits the cemen bottom, bloody and unconscious. DARKNESS.