47) 7) dialog: Who’s the geek?
47) 9) dialog: What’s with the ears? That a wire?
47) 11) dialog: Oh yeah? How we supposed to know it’s not the police or something?
47) 14) dialog: Yeah? What is it? Baby looks at his iPod display.
85) 2) dialog: Hey little pig!
85) 4) dialog: It’s called Kevlar. Look it up. Armie faces Baby, breathing very hard right in his face.
85) 5) dialog: What you listening to?
85) 7) dialog: Good. Because I want you to listen very carefully to me - Baby can now hear something faintly in the background. A fairground organ. Is he dreaming?
85) 8) dialog: Where are your friends? Baby is slightly distracted by the faint fairground ambie the background. He knows this song.
85) 10) dialog: Well you better rack your brains, before we stomp on them. Baby hears a chugging electric guitar. He knows this song we. It’s ‘Brighton Rock’ by Queen and it’s playing right
85) 12) dialog: You stood by while the blood of our colleagues was spilt. That’s red ink for you my friend. 108. Baby glances to the side. There’s a Dodge Charger nearby. running. Stereo on. Playing ‘Brighton Rock’.
85) 14) dialog: This is falling on deaf ears. Just tell us where your colleague is.
85) 16) text: KILLS THEM DEAD. For real this time. Baby and Armie are l standing and shocked. Armie pops off a couple of shots at Buddy as he slams the Charger in reverse and speeds backwards to line up with A Baby and the elevator. He looks insane at the wheel. Armie grabs Baby and points his gun at the kid’s head. BABY (CONT’D) He wants me dead too. Armie believes him. FUCK. Buddy punches the gas and tears toward Baby and Armie. Guitars descend into a bridge. Buddy ploughs into the wal makes it into the freight elevator. Armie doesn’t. He is pinned between Charger and wall. Baby cowers in the elevator behind and looks over the throbbing hood to see at the wheel. Grooving to Queen like a crazy man, As snare drums accelerate into a second verse. Baby pulls his gun. Buddy slams into reverse again. Baby fires at Buddy as he screams backwards. He hits the windshield a couple of times, but then - 109. Baby’s out. And Buddy is back in drive. Charging at Baby. harmonized guitars wail, Buddy bears down on Baby. But instead of retreating further back, he runs out of th elevator and TOWARDS the Charger -