1) 0) text: Play is pressed on an iPod Classic. A rock track starts u It’s very loud. It’s awesome. ‘Bellbottoms’ by the Jon Spencer Blues Explosion. On high strings and a guitar stab we see the driver. Young, baby faced. Short cropped hair. He wears mostly bl Sports cheap gas station shades. This is BABY. We can’t see his eyes, but his blank expression seems pre stoic. He listens to the track, stares out the windshield On a 2nd guitar stab we see a beefy (30s) tough guy in sh This is GRIFF. He too wears shades, black business clothe On a 3rd stab we see another black clad gentleman. (40s) handsome, but looks like he parties too hard. This is BUD On a final stab we see the last shades wearing black clad passenger, a younger lady (20s) with her hair up. This is DARLING. There’s a hint of trash beneath her business clo The high strings crescendo. Griff flings his door wide op
2) 0) text: The track kicks in. We see the car is a shiny red Honda C and note the door chimes are in time with the song. Choppy strings play against guitar riffs as GRIFF gets ou see a shotgun partially concealed in his trench coat. BUDDY and DARLING get out. We glimpse they are also armed pops the trunk. Grabs two duffels. Hands one to Darling. We see they all wear sneakers as they walk away from the sync with the track. Again. It’s awesome. But we stay wit BABY: our young driver. Hands fixed on the wheel. Ten to Watching his colleagues disappearing inside a ‘CHASE’ ban The song pauses for two bars. When it kicks back in, our driver suddenly drops the stro silent tough guy act and comes to glorious, joyous life. Nodding his head. Swaying in his seat. Mouthing the vocal slave to the rhythm. He doesn’t miss a beat. It’s cool, b He’s also like a big kid in front of his bedroom mirror. drums on the dash, we see shoppers pass, other cars cruis Baby is so immersed in the track, he flicks on the wipers swipe across the dry glass in perfect sync. A mother with a stroller passes. The infant inside notice rocking out in his car. Baby waves. The infant smiles. Then he instinctively looks in his rear view. A BLACK & W POLICE CRUISER, sirens blaring, races up the street behin Baby turns to watch the police car drive up and past. A pause in the music. The police car doesn’t return. An urgent bass line. Baby looks to the bank. His goofy ch dance is over. He’s stone faced and _all business again. Over distorted guitars, our driver watches through partia frosted windows. Sees his colleagues ordering staff to hi floor. Glimpses scared faces, the brandishing of weapons. The song reaches an interlude; a vocal comes in and Baby syncs every word as his eyes stay fixed on the bank.
3) 0) text: The Black & Whites are left behind as Baby revs past the light and into aggressive morning traffic. 85... 90. Highly distorted guitar signals the arrival of a POLICE HELICOPTER. It dogs above, but has to play find-the-lady at least three red Honda Civics currently southbound. Baby weaves from lane to lane. As he disappears under a b he crosses to the shoulder and barrels along it at a craz speed. Tears down the off ramp. And he’s back onto -
4) 0) text: MASS HONKS as Baby blows through a intersection. Disappea an alley, weaving these back routes like a savant. As sirens and choppers’ blades ebb away a little, we see ease it down, a rising bass riff signals a sneaking appro He slows to see if any cruisers cross by ahead. One polic cruiser glides by, sirens off. Baby waits on the bass rif again. Then floors it when the coast’s clear. And suddenl They pull into a covered parking lot underneath a quiet s complex and pull up next to a green Toyota Corolla. And like that, the gang leap out of the Civic and into th car, money and guns covered up. The gang swap places. Buddy and Griff in the back. Baby s Darling drives. Lets her hair down. Pulls on a colorful s Baby closes his eyes, pretends to be asleep as Darling ro into the white of morning and the Blues Explosion echoes And the first musical number is over. That was something.
5) 0) text: OVER CREDITS: ‘Harlem Shuffle’ by Bob & Earl. Our hero, Baby, appears from a door in the mirrored exter a non-descript business address in Bunker Hill. Baby has his iPod earphones firmly in, his shades on and bubble of sound around him. Again, he’s clearly a big kid away from the gang, lost in his music. He strolls down the street listening to ‘Harlem Shuffle’. is as funky as the business district is not. Office worke to work, while Baby STRUTS along like Tony Manero. Baby walks against the traffic, the world syncing around chorus of car honks, cell phones and barking canines. Baby uses a crosswalk, the bleeps and his steps all in ti reaches the other side of the street and breezes into -
6) 0) text: Baby takes one ear out, orders from an unseen MALE BARIST
6) 2) dialog: (counts out four fingers) One black coffee. One black coffee. One black coffee. And one coffee, black.
6) 4) dialog: Uh. Yeah.
6) 6) dialog: Middle one.
6) 8) dialog: Baby.
6) 10) dialog: B-A-B-Y. Baby. 10 Baby puts his second ear back in as the coffee machine sc into life and Bob (or Earl) wails over the middle 8. Baby looks around the Starbucks, sees other young people age, smiling and chatting, enjoying their carefree lives. actions are magically in time with his personal soundtrac Baby looks out through the window, sees A PRETTY GIRL wal past. She too is wearing earphones and lost in her own mu For a beautiful moment this girl and the whole damn city alive and all in step with the music in his head. All exc A BEAT COP. Ironically, the only person not walking on be The middle 8 ends. The GIRL disappears. The BEAT COP ling Baby grabs his coffee tray. Splits.
7) 0) text: Baby passes the Beat Cop, only doing a subtle strut in ti His swagger returns as he approaches the building from wh came. We see POLICE CARS reflected in the glass of the building. Baby hears their sirens and watches as they pas As the song fades, Baby opens the door with his elbow, st with his foot, all while switching the coffee tray from o hand to the other. He then pirouettes into the open door. The Gene Kelly of the coffee run.
8) 0) text: ‘Egyptian Reggae’ by Jonathan Richman & The Modern Lovers Coffee is drunk. Cash split. The gang are in a garment warehouse space with some vintage sewing desks. On a large table in the middle. DOC, an older (60s), silv haired, very well-dressed man, counts out the day’s haul. Darling, fixes herself up (down?), now looking trashier t before. Buddy, sits next to her and sips his coffee quiet Baby sits at the back of class, earphones in and shades s on. The goofy kid has disappeared, the stoic, poker faced has returned. The beefy guy, Griff, glowers at him.
9) 0) text: ‘Secondo Intermezzo Pop’ by Ennio Morricone. Baby travels with Griff, Darling, Buddy and Doc in a pack elevator. All five of them clutch HOLDALLS. Darling is all over Buddy. Smooching and laughing. (The 2 age gap between them is a_ little much.)
9) 17) dialog: Okay.
10) 0) text: PING. Baby and Doc exit into a cavernous parking lot. The over to Doc’s shiny Black Merc. Doc opens the trunk.
10) 3) dialog: Uh. Yeah. Doc gives Baby the one stack of bills. Gets into his car.
12) 0) text: The song becomes a rendition of March Of The Wooden Soldi we see Baby flick the stack of cash in time with the pian Without his shades, Baby again looks less the badass, mor big kid. Young, of indeterminate age. Handsome, but cute. As the track vamps, Baby puts the money away, under a mis floorboard where an amount of dollar bills are stashed. Baby replaces the board and we get a wider view of his quarters. Pretty basic. Tiny kitchenette. Small bathroom and bedroo the center, a dining table and single chair. As ‘Nutrocker' blossoms into a jazzy version of Tchaikovs Baby mimes the keyboards on the table. Pounding out the t with his fingers. Playing at playing like Jerry Lee Lewis 13. There are iPods on the counter, table and floor. There mu close to 70 devices from different years, different color different models, seemingly from different owners. There isn’t a computer in the room. Just the odd charger. Battered travel speakers. A cassette deck. Audio tapes. A player. LPs. CD players, Walkmans. Dictaphones and many o recorders. A treasure trove of music systems and physical media. While there is a tremendous amount of equipment, it’s ord in a way that makes sense to Baby. Very precisely laid ou Baby is now jiving around the room to ‘Nutrocker’. He eve some pills to the tune. (Sharp eyes will notice it's anticonvulsant medication for tinnitus and epilepsy.) It’s clear music is an obsession as Baby dances like no-o watching. As he moves to the other side of the room we se An ELDERLY MAN (African American, 80s) in pajamas and rob sitting in a wheelchair. He’s half-asleep, watching TV. Baby sees a KTLA 5 report on a ‘Valley Bank Robbe - '’. CLICK. Baby switches it off. He wakes the Elderly Man and communicates the following in sign language. No subtitles
12) 1) dialog: You okay?
12) 3) dialog: You want the same?
13) 0) text: Baby still sits alone. The Elderly Man now cannot be seen holds an outmoded Sony handheld cassette recorder. He plays back the audio for the opening chase. We hear a recorded ‘Bellbottoms’ and all the sounds of the car. The phone sits in the corner. Still nothing. INT. BARE APARTMENT —- DAWN 17 Baby. Alone. Still playing the tape. We hear this dialogu
14) 0) text: ‘Call Me’ by Siriusmo. Baby hasn't slept. Stares at the phone. In time with a tr made up of dial tones, he pretends to play it like a ther 19 15. He mimes out this Chaplin-esque routine where he wills th phone to ring with grand choreographed gestures. But no call. Bored, Baby looks into the bedroom. Sees the Elderly Man asleep under blankets. Sunlight streaming in. Slowly Baby starts to fall asleep. But as soon as his eye close-
15) 0) text: ‘Intro’ by The Herbaliser. Baby's back in his bubble. Jacket on. Phones in. Stands b front door in a hallway with mirrors on both sides.
16) 0) text: To a funky groove, Baby struts down the stairwell, passin rising exposed elevator on the way up. He doesn’t acknowl the neighbor going up as he continues his tough act, saun down to the front door and on beat - He struts into the street, as if he owns it. Baby jumps i Blue Chevy Malibu. As the song ends, he rolls away.
17) 0) text: ‘Let’s Go Away For Awhile’ by The Beach Boys. Baby. Shades on. Phones in. Looking ahead. Listening to m He sits in a pleasant, but not very busy, old school dine The decor is 50s retro and auto centric. Classic converti with happy smiling couples inside are painted everywhere. Baby sees the LA Times on the table. He flips it over so doesn’t have to see the headline featuring ‘Robbery’. Baby looks out to see a COUPLE in a car at the lights. Th seem happy living the life Baby does not. They pull away revealing- The PRETTY GIRL from earlier. She's outside the diner, wearing grey sweats, and still w earphones too. She appears to be singing as she — Walks into the diner and right into the kitchen. Baby peers through the round glass of the kitchen doors a girl gets changed out of her sweats. Still singing. Baby takes out one ear of his earphones to hear what she’ singing. But he can only hear the diner music and a littl snatch of her voice when the kitchen doors swing open. For a brief moment, the planets align and Baby's music, t diner muzak and her singing make glorious union.
17) 3) dialog: Uh.
17) 5) dialog: Uh. Yeah. He embarrassedly flips the menu to the other side.
17) 7) dialog: Joe?
17) 9) dialog: Uh. No thank you.
17) 11) dialog: Get off?
17) 13) dialog: I guess. The Waitress smirks at his non-answers. Hearing Baby talk we note his speech patterns are half schoolkid and half s 18.
17) 15) dialog: I’m a driver.
17) 17) dialog: A what?
17) 19) dialog: I guess I do.
17) 21) dialog: Yeah.
17) 23) dialog: I hope not.
17) 25) dialog: --.I don’t know.
17) 27) dialog: Not so much anymore.
17) 29) dialog: Yeah?
17) 31) dialog: Yeah... (blurts) You are so beautiful.
17) 33) dialog: I do mean it. (looks at her name tag) Jonathan?
17) 35) dialog: Jonathan?
17) 37) dialog: I have a question.
17) 39) dialog: What song are you singing?
18) 0) text: ‘The Plot’ by Lalo Schifrin. Baby marches into a discount music store, the final resti place of physical media. Zeroes in on the right section. never looked so serious. He flips through jewel cases. Fi
18) 1) dialog: Car-lah Tom-ass. We see the CD cover. ‘Gee Whiz: The Best Of Carla Thomas’ flips to the back cover. Track listings. ‘13. B-A-B-Y’. Pays with a crisp new 50 dollar bill. And he’s out.
19) 0) text: ‘B-A-B-Y’ by Carla Thomas plays at full volume. Baby stands in the middle of the room. Lost in the track. Elderly Man sits in the corner again, watching TV. We see a red light flashing on the phone. Baby doesn’t see it at first. He mouths along with the so
19) 3) dialog: What’s up? 24 25 21. Doc (0.S.) Baby, I don’t actually need to know. Here’s what’s up.
20) 0) text: ‘Supervillain Theme’ by Madvillain. Doc (0.S.) I need you to drive me to an appointment and I need you to look smart. Over the phone conversation, we see Baby in a cavernous discount menswear store in Santee Alley, garment district It appears that we’re in the store after hours and that D very much in charge. He may be the owner as he has severa age lackeys helping Baby try out some smarter clothes.
20) 2) dialog: I think so. Doc (0.S.) You know what a chauffeur does?
20) 3) dialog: Drives around important people. Doc (0.S.) You learn fast kid. I like it. Baby admires his new suit. Doc gives it the nod too.
21) 0) text: ‘Marca A La Turca’ by La Tia Leonor Y Sus Sobrinos. Baby drives Doc’s Merc up to an equally smart restaurant. It’s a final sitting for dinner, not too busy. Baby sees booth full of SERIOUS LOOKING GUYS through the window. He wears his new black suit, shirt, tie, smart sunglasses driver gloves. Only one earphone is in. Doc sits in the b Baby pulls into a spot. A town car is parked alongside. 22. A valet opens the door. Doc leans over to Baby and whispe
21) 3) dialog: Am I in?
22) 0) text: ‘Kashmere’ by The Kashmere Stage Band. Baby walks in with Doc. We see what he sees. Three new colleagues. Three hardened criminals. Meet EDDIE, J.D. an BATS.
22) 9) dialog: ...No. J.D. This is the kid, the one who listens to music all the time.
22) 23) dialog: ‘Hat’? J.D. Uh?
22) 24) dialog: Your tattoo says ‘Hat’. J.D. Yeah it used to say ‘hate’, but to appease my parole officer and increase my chances of employment, I got the ‘e’ removed.
23) 0) text: ‘Unsquare Dance’ by Dave Brubeck. Over a strong bass line, hand claps and snare drums - Doc relates a plan to the four strong team. Some of it is illustrated on the chalkboard. We see everyone, except Ba listen as Doc relays details of masks, timings, routes et Baby sits at the back again. The music in his ears fully out any dialogue. But he watches their lips. There is a TOY CAR on the table next to some floorplans. absent mindedly plays with it as he taps his foot. 28 26. The song finishes. Doc finishes. Bats’ hand shoots up.
23) 3) dialog: You're going to hit an armored truck at Banco Popular in El Monte at 10am sharp. You have the details of the route because someone at the depot has a nasal problem. The bank itself is right by the 10 so we should be able to hit a ramp within 60 seconds of getting out. We also have a diversion crew, who are going to blow up a bread truck a ways away, keep the fuzz busy. Dress code is Michael Myers Halloween masks, but you can’t all buy the masks at the same time, looks suspicious. You guys have the switch car all set up, but you want me to go out to the long stay parking structure at a Metrolink and get a ride that stays colder for longer. Boost a commuter car, a family car. Something that will blend into the morning traffic. (beat) I think something on the heavy side, case we need to ram the police off the road. An Escalade, a Yukon, an Avalanche. Whatever it is, it needs to be ready for an 8.30 start. In the ayem. Wowed silence.
24) 0) text: ‘Bongolia’ by The Incredible Bongo Band. On a bongo roll, we see a windshield POV, as we pull into concrete parking structure and park up in a long stay spo 29 27. Shades on, ears in; Baby sits in a 1989 white Toyota Camr waits for something better. Drums kick in. Tempo shifts up. The lot gets busy. On every second beat we hear a loud vibraslap and each ti Baby sizes up another car. Office workers slamming car do and beeping keys in perfect sync with his music. We see a silver Infinti dropped off, a blue Accord, a gre Acura, a silver SmartCar, then bingo. A black Avalanche. The middle aged, middle management AVALANCHE OWNER beeps locked. Then wanders out of the lot, nose in the LA Times On a drum fill, Baby jumps out of his ride, follows.
25) 0) text: A brass riff scores Baby following the Avalanche Owner, c his stride. He follows him onto the train platform. Apes glance to the digital timetable. He even swipes a discard paper to look like a real commuter. When the Avalanche Owner reaches the edge of the platform stops, pretending, like his mark, to read the LA Times to Avalanche Owner stops to get a coffee from a news stand. does too, like a weird echo of Harpo Marx. A bongo solo signals the arriving train. Baby waits, lini one door away from the Avalanche Owner. They get on. The Avalanche Owner moves inside the carriage, Baby does and KNOCKS RIGHT INTO HIM.
25) 1) dialog: I’m sorry. Baby then swiftly moves further down the carriage. The breakdown ends with a key change and a whistle blowin Just before the train doors close, Baby slips off again. Now a solo sax joins as Baby struts back to the parking structure, a swing in his step as the train leaves behind The brass sounds triumphant as Baby Travoltas back into t long stay area and right up to his prize. The Avalanche. Baby walks up. Whips out the OWNER’S KEYS. beeps. Gets in. Pulls out. 30 28.
26) 0) text: The Avalanche pulls into a strip mall lot outside the bri red facade of a Banco Popular. Parks up. Baby is still at the wheel. In the back are Eddie and J.D dressed in black duds. In shotgun and in black is Bats. Baby spies, with his little eye, a utility uniformed MARI walk past their car and over to a 1988 Red Toyota Pickup. The Marine eyeballs the Avalanche as he gets into his For Baby’s attention turns to another Ford, the E-350 ARMORED which pulls up level with a side entrance to the bank. Bats breathes deep. Whispers a mantra, half to himself.
26) 12) dialog: Wait. I gotta start the song again. Baby rewinds, plays the intro again. The gang stare like insane. When drums kick at the 5 second mark, Baby points BABY (CONT’D) Okay go. The gang jump out of the Avalanche. Run over to the truck Surprise the Hopper unloading bags from the back doors. Halloween 1 is about to cold cock the Hopper when - Baby pulls forward a few feet, blocking his view of the violence. He looks dead ahead, retreats into his bubble. Chooses not to watch. He lip syncs the first verse -
27) 0) text: Sweating, Baby speeds out of there. Screams down the shou Going 70... 80. The gang in the car have their masks off slump down, out of sight. Bats curses. An out of control guitar solo signals the Avalanche joini freeway and swerving wide to occupy the far left lane.
28) 0) text: Baby eases this unplanned ride into a shopping center par lot. The GPS is going crazy (all in time with the music)
29) 0) text: Pulls up to a sharp stop back at Doc’s. Baby got the gang of a mess. But he is not as calm as before, he’s sweating
30) 0) text: It's a cover by ‘The Foundations’. And it's a faster temp Equally, Baby performs his coffee run at speed. But he’s strutting this time. He’s not enjoying himself. At all. 36 37 38 33.
31) 0) text: Doc divides up the take in front of the gang. Baby walks in, handing out black coffees. To Doc, to Eddie, to Bats, Baby looks for the missing team member. Doc catches it.
32) 0) text: PING. Baby exits the elevator with Doc. Both carry holdal Baby walks over to the Silver Aura. Stares at the trunk. doesn’t dare open it. We see a SMUDGE OF BLOOD on the lat Stay on Baby. Mesmerized. Horrified. Doc takes Baby’s Hol from his hands. Gives him a stack of bills in return.
32) 2) dialog: Yeah...
33) 0) text: A slowed down version of Carla Thomas’ ‘B-A-B-Y’ starts. Baby watches his former ride (the Aura) and former collea (J.D.), about to be destroyed in a car wrecker. 39 34. A hydraulic plate presses. The windows explode. Baby turn equally crushed, as the song drowns out the CRUNCHING MET He closes his eyes.
34) 0) text: Baby opens his eyes. He sits in his usual spot. Sans shad Retreats into a happy song (‘Lalo Bossa Nova’ by Quincy J A finger clicks in front of his face. She’s here. His wai
34) 2) dialog: I am?
34) 4) dialog: You're leaving?
34) 6) dialog: Can I come with you?
34) 8) dialog: Oh, I don’t drink.
34) 10) dialog: I don’t drink. Another pause. The waitress breaks into a cute grin.
34) 12) dialog: Yeah?
34) 14) dialog: You will?
34) 20) dialog: Your name? This is not as smooth as it sounds.
34) 22) dialog: Like the song?
34) 24) dialog: I don’t know it.
34) 26) dialog: Jenny?
34) 30) dialog: Two.
34) 32) dialog: Debora.
34) 34) dialog: Trex?
34) 36) dialog: (half sings) Deboree-dah. Deboree-dah. Bee-dah.
34) 38) dialog: Oh Deb-o-rah, always look like a zeb-o- rah.
34) 40) dialog: A zeebra.
34) 42) dialog: I have it on here. Baby takes out his iPod and shuffles through in front of Debora notices that it is pink and covered in glitter. 38.
34) 44) dialog: No.
34) 46) dialog: I guess.
34) 48) dialog: Uh. Yeah. Debora laughs again. This kid is a kook.
34) 50) dialog: Baby.
34) 52) dialog: Yeah.
34) 54) dialog: I guess.
34) 56) dialog: ...Sometimes.
34) 58) dialog: Sometimes. She was a singer too. 39.
34) 60) dialog: Nothing... Baby is looking flustered. He holds up the iPod again.
34) 61) dialog: I can find ‘Debora’ if you want. Debora pauses, smiles sweetly at him.
34) 63) dialog: Deal.
35) 0) text: ‘Debora’ by T-Rex. Baby sits in a Red Chrysler Lebaron singing along. Loudly of his window, he sees the real Debora leave work. She briefly shoots a look Baby’s way. He ducks. 41 INT. BABY’S BATHROOM - EVENING 4l ...then resurfaces wet to sing along with ‘Debora’. Again Baby is in the bath. The song echoes around the tiles. It being played on a battered iPod speaker dock. Baby goofs to the track in the bath, in his own mini musical.
36) 0) text: ‘Debora’ still plays. Baby dances around the living room. 40. The Elderly Man is in his chair, looking more and more li piece of the furniture. He watches the local news again w subtitles. We see that THE MARINE is being interviewed wh Baby switches the channels to ‘Jeopardy’. Then Baby resumes singing with ‘Debora’ again, leading in ‘DEBORA’ ON REPEAT MONTAGE: The song scores Baby’s night. - Baby flicks through an address book. Empty except for ‘ see ‘DOC’ and his phone number written in a scrawl. - Baby adds the name ‘Debora’. Under, he draws a question - Baby plays dialogue on his recorder in time with ‘Debor
36) 1) dialog: Can I come with you?
36) 3) dialog: Can I come with you?
37) 0) text: Baby comes bounding out of his block. He gets into his Re Chrysler Lebaron and peels out. He doesn’t see- A BLACK MERC behind him. It follows slowly.
38) 0) text: ‘I Can’t Believe What You Say’ by Ike & Tina Turner. Baby is happy to be back. Upbeat music on. His shades are Has the pink iPod with him. He looks out of the window- He imagines himself and The Waitress as a young couple in convertible at the lights. Smiling, laughing. Then he hea
38) 2) dialog: Hey Debora. I’m back.
38) 4) dialog: You know... just listening.
38) 6) dialog: Music.
38) 9) dialog: It’s music. Baby offers up his iPod. She reads the display.
38) 11) dialog: You like ‘em?
38) 13) dialog: You don’t?
38) 15) dialog: No. I don’t. Baby then sees. Outside the diner. For real. DOC. Patient waiting outside his Black Merc.
38) 18) dialog: No. It isn’t. Baby just stares out the window. Debora notes his unease. 43.
39) 0) text: Baby walks up to Doc. Shades firmly on. The hum continues
39) 2) dialog: No...
39) 4) dialog: No...
39) 6) dialog: She's not my girlfriend...
39) 8) dialog: Am I in?
39) 12) dialog: Why?
39) 14) dialog: Why are you driving?
39) 16) dialog: No.
39) 19) dialog: I don’t know sir.
39) 21) dialog: I know what I’m good at.
40) 2) dialog: Can I just drive? Have my music? Doc looks at him, then shakes his head, smiling.
41) 0) text: Baby enters the post office. An alien environment to him. It’s an impersonal space. Like a bank, but without couche complimentary coffee. A security guard is present. The co is wide open, a heavy door protects the back room. Without music playing, we again hear the hum in his ears. an unsettling noise that accentuates Baby’s unease. It is intensified by the whine of computers and cameras in the Baby cases. He counts the number of cameras (three) and t number of registers (six). There are a few (eight) custom doing business at the (four) registers open. He mouths the numbers. The Kid tugs on Baby’s leg. Whispe
41) 2) dialog: Thanks. They wait in line. The kid continues playing on his PSP.
41) 3) dialog: You okay?
41) 5) dialog: Yeah. Me too. Baby reaches his TELLER, a sweet faced lady, some jewelry personal flare, a small crucifix. He hands her some pesos
41) 7) dialog: Uh. Yeah.
41) 9) dialog: Yes, ma’am. 47.
41) 11) dialog: Four?
41) 13) dialog: They grow up so fast. The Teller is bemused. She hands back some dollars.
41) 15) dialog: You do don’t you?
41) 18) dialog: Thank you. Baby has a sudden flicker of concern. Politely asks.
41) 19) dialog: Are you here tomorrow?
41) 21) dialog: Dolly?
41) 23) dialog: Oh yeah. I like Dolly. 48.
41) 25) dialog: She is. 49 INT. DOC’S MERC - MOMENTS LATER 49 Baby jumps back in shotgun. Samm in the back.
41) 27) dialog: No bandit glass. One guard unarmed, three cameras, six registers, four open, eight customers. The kid coughs. Mouths ‘four employees’.
41) 28) dialog: And four employees.
41) 30) dialog: The teller seemed nice.
42) 0) text: ‘Threshold’ by Steve Miller Band. CLUNK. The elevator doors close on Baby and Doc like a pr cell. Baby looks trapped as he and Doc go up in the world
42) 2) dialog: Yes...
42) 4) dialog: I am...
42) 6) dialog: No. Doc eyeballs Baby. Unsure if there’s hesitation or insole
42) 8) dialog: You and I are a team. There is nothing more important than our friendship. Doc is surprised and touched.
42) 10) text: Normally I’d introduce you to the rest of your team. But in this case, you already met. We see Baby take a big breath before walking back in.
43) 8) dialog: Uh. Yeah. And when I don’t want to think about stuff.
43) 10) dialog: It gets me moving, you know. Music makes everything better.
43) 13) dialog: Sure. 52.
43) 15) dialog: ‘Bry-ton Rokk’.
43) 17) dialog: Not this one. Baby swaps out the iPod he has plugged in, for another on his jacket. His deep pockets have lots of devices it seem
43) 18) dialog: This one.
43) 21) dialog: Queen. Queen.
43) 39) dialog: What’s Bullitt? Doc clicks his fingers.
44) 0) text: ‘This Is Soul’ by Paul Nero. Doc relates the plan on the chalkboard. Again Baby drowns with incongruously jazzy music in his ears. This time Baby only half watches. He looks up at the ligh blots them out with his fingers in time with the music. H plays with TOY CARS on the table. But makes them CRASH in another. The song ends as Doc wraps up. 55.
44) 2) dialog: Uh. The plan is hit this post office. You know a guy who has a... (stalls)
44) 4) dialog: We get the order slips themselves and it’s literally a license to print money. Every money order is a potential 700 dollars, each box of money orders has 250 slips in there. That’s 175 K for every box you get...
44) 6) dialog: Tomorrow is the day after people get their welfare, which means there’s a lot of their cash in there tomorrow afternoon. Plan is...go in there. Get the money orders. And the cash. I get a used car as the g-ride and the switch car is one of ours. We come back here after and uh...that’s it.
44) 12) dialog: I don’t know...
45) 11) dialog: Yessir.
45) 13) dialog: ...‘Egyptian Reggae’. The door opens. A grinning Bats is back. He dumps whole a of chewing gum onto Buddy. Packets and packets.
46) 0) text: ‘Fog On The Hudson’ by Moondog. The gang wait in the dark outside a deserted train yard. Headlights off. It’s eerie quiet. Inside, everyone chews Save for Baby who doesn’t look like he wants to play anym Bats flexes his hands. We see his single glove.
47) 0) text: ‘Tequila’ by The Button Down Brass. Cowbells play in Baby's ears. A bass part kicks in as - Our foursome approach the truck and the semi-circle of bl SUVs with tinted windows. In the center of this gathering portable work lights illuminate crates covered by a tarp. Four linen suited gorillas flank the crates (we’ll call t FARMERS) and a more urbane man (THE BUTCHER) stands in th middle, quietly makes a list to himself. As they walk up. Bats discreetly offers Baby a pistol.
47) 13) dialog: It’s not The Police.
47) 15) dialog: ‘Tequila’.
48) 0) text: The foursome drive in the newly acquired SUV. All are sil Bats is still jonesing from the previous encounter. Baby drives past his usual DINER and subtly looks in to s Debora is working. Before he can establish this -
48) 3) dialog: No.
48) 6) dialog: No. I don’t want to go in there. Baby is firm. Bats breaks into a sickly grin. Cackles.
48) 8) dialog: I don’t like it in there. It sucks. 59 67.
49) 0) text: ‘When Something Is Wrong With My Baby’ by Sam & Dave. This song plays on the diner’s stereo system. Opens with
49) 15) dialog: I guess.
50) 0) text: Doc enters. He’s instantly aware of - A mood. And three camps. Bats on the opposite side of the to Buddy and Darling, while Baby lies on his makeshift be another part of the room, facing away. His headphones are
51) 0) text: ‘Ready Let’s Go’ by Boards of Canada. 62 76. Some time later. Doc is gone. Bats sleeps in a chair. Bud Darling curl up on a couch. Baby quickly gathers his things in the dark. And sneaks o
52) 0) text: Baby walks from the freight elevator to the SUV. He gets Starts up. But when he pulls out toward the exit. Buddy is waiting for him. Blocking his path.
52) 2) dialog: Coffee. Buddy walks to the driver’s window. Baby remains very qui
52) 5) dialog: I know.
52) 7) dialog: He was.
52) 14) dialog: No...
53) 0) text: A D90 audio cassette plays in the handheld recorder. Baby in the middle of the room. Forced to listen. We can hear hum in his ears again, underlining the tense mood. Buddy and Bats stand over him. Bats has his gun out. Darl sits in the corner. From the tape, we hear recent dialogu
53) 4) dialog: I like to record stuff.
53) 11) dialog: I... I just like to listen to what people say. I don’t always understand first time out. So I listen back to the words. To understand. And I like to make music out of it. It’s just me fooling. Fooling around.
53) 15) dialog: I can play you one. Of my tapes. Of the music I make.
53) 17) dialog: At home.
54) 0) text: The hum in Baby's ears underscores this section, adding u menace as the SUV drives fast down deserted streets. Baby is in the back seat. Buddy drives. Bats is in shotgu his gun lightly trained on Baby. Stereo is silent.
55) 0) text: The SUV pulls up outside Baby’s apartment block. Baby and get out. Buddy stays in the car.
56) 0) text: Bats and Baby ascend in the extremely slow exposed elevat INT. BARE APARTMENT —- MOMENTS LATER 67 Baby walks in first. The TV is on, but barely illuminates room. Bats enters, flicks the light switch. It’s still ou Bats observes the dimly lit room. He’s both surprised and not at how bare and simple it is.
56) 2) dialog: It’s my foster dad’s.
56) 4) dialog: ..-He’s dead. Baby does not acknowledge the old man. He walks right ove pile of tapes on the kitchen counter. He takes the pile of D30s. Turns to Bats and softly says.
56) 5) dialog: Got ‘em.
57) 0) text: Buddy and Bats stand over Baby at the tape recorder. Darl again, is in the corner. He presses play. The montage that plays is a collage of almost all dialogu we've heard so far. A nonsense medley of crosscut dialogu builds into odd rhythms. Sounding awesome, but absurd. Bats presses stop. Buddy shuts his eyes.
57) 2) dialog: Like I said. I was fooling around.
57) 4) dialog: I wasn’t acting. I am one. A pause. Then -
57) 12) dialog: I can do this. I’m driving tomorrow. I’m not retarded. I’m fast. I’m driving. Buddy and Bats exchange looks.
60) 0) text: ‘Movement One’ by Herbie Flowers & Barry Morgan. PING. Buddy, Bats and Darling exit the elevator to find - A blue Mitsubishi Galant. Baby at the wheel. Eyes fixed f Hands ten to two. Music pumping on the stereo. The gang get in. Buddy and Darling in back. Bats in shotg Bats kills the stereo. Produces a coke spoon. Takes a big
61) 0) text: ‘Music For The Head Ballet’ by The Bonzo Dog Doo Dah Band A solo harpsichord plays a jolly fairground intro as the cruises down Century Boulevard. Very slowly. Baby listens to the music in his earphones as they reach intersection of Success Avenue. And find themselves in - Gridlock. Some construction is up ahead. It’s the middle school run. Cars slow to a stop. It’s a bad time for a ja 83. Baby signals, his indicator in sync with the 4/4 tempo. T track becomes a woozy waltz, repeating a ‘down then up’ p that goes around and around as the traffic maddens. The Galant idles in the left hand lane. Baby begins to sw Unsure of the neighborhood. The air con blasting. Bats’ cocaine seems to kick in, his restlessness changing simpatico of action and music from being magical to menac Buddy taps his fingers on a seat rest in time with the mu Darling flicks through the pages of a magazine, also in t Bats cocks and uncocks his shotgun in time. Baby eyes thi The whole hood is alive with incident, all in time with t track. Kids shouting. Angry neighbors. A police helicopte The sound of chopper blades prompts the gang to all look When they look back down a COP CAR is right alongside the Their next door neighbor in the traffic jam is THE POLICE
61) 1) text: A change of key in the track. The four gang members all l straight forward, eyes fixed on the static road ahead. Th The music resumes its woozy waltz as the gang take turns look at the cops. The glances are furtive first, then mor confident. The dance of their turning heads is very surre As the melody accentuates the odd notes, we see the cops back at the gang in the Galant. We take in the odd magic Four gang members and two cops, all wearing shades, tryin inconspicuously check each other out in time with a waltz Baby doesn’t want to see Bats slowly raising his shotgun. of sight of the cops, but ready to fire. Then suddenly, the Cop driving, points right towards Bats Bats does a ‘who me?’ The Cop shakes his head. Then - POINTS at Baby. Motions for him to take off his earphones Baby does so. The waltz concludes. Bat smiles.
62) 0) text: ‘Intermission’ by Blur. A solo piano plays an endlessly descending melody. Baby pulls up into the strip mall. The place is quiet but everything feels bad. The heat, the traffic, the summer aggression in the air, a rain drop on the windshield. In There’s even a construction PICKUP TRUCK partly blocking exit, steel enforced concrete poles hanging off the back. a novice would get spooked by this, but - Bats ignores the omens and repeats his mantra.
62) 13) dialog: I moved. 74 87. Buddy FLIPS. Grabs Baby. Looks ready to shoot him there a then. Baby’s ear bud falls out. When - POP! POP! POP! A COP is positioned on the street. Shootin the hood of the first Black & White to arrive. BUDDY RETURNS FIRE from behind his car door. Darling too. ducks down behind the wreck of the Galant. He does not kn what to do and looks again to his music for direction. He puts his left earbud back in as a new track kicks off ‘Hocus Pocus’ by Focus. A heavy guitar riff plays in left channel. Baby puts in h right earbud. A second guitar joins in the right channel. Police cars screech into view all around. Officers scream with fury at them to lay down their arms. The track builds. Baby stands. The track kicks in. Baby. Buddy. Darling. Run for it. Race to survive. Driving guitars, bass and drums propel Baby forward. Budd fires back. Darling loses her heels, runs barefoot.
63) 0) text: The three of them disappear out of the back of the strip Ducking into to a back alley. The sound of police boots a screeching tires gaining on them. They pound along the alley. Baby is first, looking crazy his single lens sunglasses. He vaults over a chain link f and runs fast, leaving Darling and Buddy behind. He sails across a street, cars screeching around him. Hea a memorial park up ahead. Feet pounding. Guitars build. Baby runs fast and is out of control. He s into a middle aged male DOG WALKER on a snare hit. Drum solo. Baby hides in a clump of trees. Stops. Catches breath. His organs feel like they are in his mouth. Vocal section. Crazy yodelling. Hammond Organ. Baby looks around. Sees the police chasing Buddy and Darling on foot Black & Whites splitting every which way. Circling the pa 75 76 88. The vocalist begins a rising scream. Baby gears up. Knows cannot stop. Police are coming. Chopper blades are closin The dog walker is waving in the direction of the trees. Drum fill into driving heavy guitar. Baby makes a break. back into the sun. Cops are suddenly on his heels. One Bl White driving onto the park itself. Baby runs. Cops won’t shoot. There are too many people in park. Kids scream. Mothers yell. Hobos are tripped over. Hectic drum fills and snares build. Baby hotfoots it acro crosswalk, weaving through shoppers as he heads for a -
64) 0) text: Baby slides down banisters into the sunken ground level o busy-ish shopping mall that has seen better days. Another crazed drum solo signals his fast descent down th stairs and mad dash right into a customer elevator going More crazy yodelling scores his ascent to a higher level. catches his breath in an elevator full of women. Baby loo of place, panting and sweat drenched. He takes off his cy sunglasses to look less odd. It doesn’t work. As the vocal rises, Baby can see the Cops sweeping the fo court. At the peak, one cop sees Baby in the elevator. Th doors open. Baby is out of there. A frenzied guitar solo sees Baby tear around the top floo can see cops running up escalators to find him. He tries fast walk, so as not to look conspicuous. He darts into a
65) 0) text: Baby takes out his ears. Grabs a baseball cap and disappe into aisles stacked with clothes. The track plays faintly his loose earphones and mixes with the store muzak. Baby on a denim jacket. Picks up new shades. Sees - Cops reflected in the convex mirror, high up on the wall. Baby avoids them and walks straight back out. The tags on stolen clothing set off the store alarms. The cops turn t Baby has gone. He has disappeared into a nearby -— 77 78 79 89.
66) 0) text: Baby crouches down on the floor of a low rent Best Buy st store. He pretends to inspect a particular stereo system. One ear bud is back in and the track’s crazy oompah break mixes with the disorienting noise of many plasma screens. Outside Baby sees the cops run past the store. Their path his easily distracted eye to a display of televisions. Playing on the screens is a scene from ‘Top Hat’ where FR ASTAIRE tap dances and mimes the massacre of the chorus w his cane a substitute for a submachine gun. All danger briefly fades as Astaire dancing syncs up with Baby’s music. The TVs are placed next to mirrored pillars Creating a kaleidoscopic effect that mesmerizes... It's fleeting. The cops are back. Breakdown is over. The huge guitar riff returns and Baby runs through the st heading not for the exit, but for the staff room. He bust through their stock room and past yelling employees to fi
67) 0) text: Baby busts down the stairs. TRIPS ALARMS. Up above the co burst into the stairwell. Baby sees them. But doesn’t see The cop who enters the stairwell at a lower level. FUCK. Baby hits him at full speed. Knocks them both flying. The slams hard into the door he just opened. Baby tumbles dow next set of stairs. He recovers with a limp. Escapes to -
68) 0) text: Baby races into the full lot, shaking off his new injury. He zeroes in on models of cars from the pre-immobilizer e Spots a 91 Accord, a 95 Civic, a 2003 Corolla. As the cops burst into the parking lot, Baby disappears d amongst the parked cars, out of their view. While on the ground, he tries the doors of the nearest vehicles. Then, right in front on him. Cops. Run past on foot. Missing him. 90. Baby stands up and on the rising guitar chords, smashes a window of the nearest white Corolla with his elbow. CRASH. Baby messily smashes the window. He opens the door sits in the glass as a hectic drum solo plays. He tries to hot wire it. But the engine won’t kick over. He slumps down in his seat. Cops are running back and for The rising vocal section builds. Hits a peak. The engine fires up and Baby LURCHES forward. His seat be alarm chimes as he pulls a tight 90 degree turn. Cops spo Some fire. Sending other shoppers screaming. Baby roars forward in the Corolla, clipping trolleys and compacts as he goes. His wheels SCREAM as he settles into new car and turns perfect corners to get out of this maze As two guitars rapidly solo, Baby leaves the cops behind, snaking through the lot when - BOOM. He ploughs hard into a car that is reversing at spe It’s a grey Silverado with broken windows. In the front - BUDDY AND DARLING. No fucking way.
69) 0) text: We stay with Baby as he sprints through back alleys. The and firing sounds fall away and the sound of blood in Bab eardrums gets louder and louder. Baby swaps his gun between hands and presses on his neck, taking his pulse. It beats fast. He runs fast. Very fast. Baby closes his eyes and lets his pulse guide him as he r The sirens fall away, the commotion behind him now. We st him running, his blood racing, his pulse quick. Then slows on the corner of a quieter neighborhood street He sees an OLDER LADY slowly driving a Purple Pontiac Gra Coupe. She appears to be listening to a religious radio s Desperate, Baby runs up to her, gun underneath his jacket a voice like we’ve never heard from him -
69) 1) dialog: Get the fuck out of the car lady! Baby channels the (now deceased) Bats. The Older Lady fre She gets the fuck out and we FOLLOW HER as she runs acros street and over the low wall of a nearby lot. She decides to stay low on the ground, hide. Then as her breathing calms, she hears something curious - THE SOUND OF SWITCHING STATIONS... Her car appears to sti idling. She hasn’t heard it leave. But she does hear - A ballad. A dry news report. A country ballad. Traditiona Mexican music. Another ballad. Another ballad. A slow sou track. A commercial. Another ballad... The Lady looks over the wall and sees Baby still in the P trying to find the correct song on the radio to drive off 81 82 83 93. She looks at him dumbstruck. He looks at the car stereo, concentrating on his search for tempo. The final insult is Laurie Anderson’s ‘Oh Superman’. As t super slow avant garde piece plays, Baby looks up and mee eyes with the Lady for a second. Then he says- BABY (CONT’D) I’m so sorry. ‘Radar Love’ by Golden Earring comes onto the radio. Baby the volume WAY UP, pops it into drive and peels out fast.
71) 0) text: Baby parks the Pontiac, but doesn’t want to switch off th radio. He looks up. Sees the window is open upstairs. Baby leaves the engine running and the radio playing as h into this apartment block. He leaves the main door open s music can echo around the stairwell. The elevator is not on the ground and is slowly ascending runs up the stairs two at a time and bursts into the -
72) 0) text: Baby wakes the Elderly Man. On the TV is live coverage of making his escape from the police in the Red Durango. Bab communicates quickly in sign language. No subtitles.
72) 1) dialog: We_have to go. Bad. Before Baby can explain, ‘Radar Love’ STOPS PLAYING outsi 94. Baby looks out. A red bullet riddled Durango is parked ne his car. The doors are wide open and fuck - Baby grabs a vinyl record, a battered copy of ‘Motown Chartbusters Vol 3’. He puts it on to the stereo and plac needle on the track he needs: ‘Edwin Starr’s 8.0.8’. He then wheels the Elderly Man into the center of the roo rips out the floorboard and stuffs as many dollars into t Elderly Man’s gown and blanket as possible. He puts the rest of the money in a duffel. Grabs his addr book, but does not see A LOOSE PAGE flutter to the floor. He grabs a dictaphone. Another portable recorder. Medicat stack of D90s. He’s about to grab some iPods, when - SMASH. The window by the fire escape is being KICKED IN. Baby leaves all his iPods behind. He wheels the Elderly M chair around, pushes him fast through the front door.
73) 0) text: And heads down. Behind him gunfire, massed sirens, ‘copte Baby puts his ear phones in. Spins the wheel on this (old iPod. Gets half way down the escape, jumps to the next ro Hides behind a stairwell exit on the next roof and finds track on his iPod that has the right urgency. He plays- ‘Middle’ by Rocket From The Crypt.
74) 0) text: Baby looks in the rear view. Leaving the cops and Buddy b him. He looks to the Elderly Man. Signs.
74) 1) dialog: We're good.
75) 0) text: Baby pulls up outside a sign reading ‘Holiday Villa’. A w lit path through verdant gardens leads to the entrance. The Elderly Man is asleep in shotgun. Baby looks at him s He takes the Dictaphone and records the following.
75) 1) dialog: Hello. My name is Joseph. I like watching TV and sometimes I like to listen to old records through the vibrations. I also like frozen peas, meatloaf and white bread and peanut butter. And bananas. Please look after me. Thank you. Baby puts the Dictaphone in Joseph's lap. He is now awake smiling back at Baby. It’s bittersweet. Baby bottles his guilt. Runs up the path. The ‘open door’ pings in his wake. Joseph is not sure if Baby has gone. But Baby returns. Standing outside the car with another wheelchair he has seemingly stolen from the home. Joseph signs to Baby. And for once, subtitles.
75) 3) dialog: Away. Baby wheels Joseph down the path to the entrance.
75) 5) dialog: I don’t know. I want you to be safe.
75) 8) dialog: I_don’t want to be in trouble anymore.
75) 9) text: The sound of CHOPPER BLADES. Baby and Joseph look up as a police searchlight illuminates the Sentra in the driveway The spotlight then illuminates Joseph alone in his wheelc No Baby.
76) 0) text: Hi hat drums. Baby walks the dark streets. Past parked ca A kik drum hits. Baby stops. A cop car cruises through a street up ahead. A discordant violin drone. The police helicopter is still above. Getting closer. Heavy breaths. A bass guitar joins the kik hits. A young dog walker strolls in the opposite direction. Violins climb. Baby tries every car door he passes. The c slows, shining a torch at him. The searchlight comes clos dog walker gives Baby a long double take. When - One car door is unlocked. Baby opens it. Slips in. Boosts downwards piano glissando takes us to -
77) 0) text: ‘Never Never Gonna Give You Up’ by Barry White. The welcoming neon lights of the diner reflect on Baby’s windshield as he pulls up to the shuffling groove. 89 98. As Barry sings ‘ooh baby', our Baby looks determined as h parks up right outside the doors of the diner. Harpischords and high strings score his immediate view. D Behind the counter. Looking unhappy. Baby’s heart beats with the electric bass on the track. A Barry breathes, Baby takes deep breaths. Whispers to hims
77) 1) dialog: Go in and get her. Go in. Get her.
78) 0) text: Baby walks in. Takes his shades off. Leaves his earphones Debora sees him. Looks surprised to see him.
79) 0) text: “3108045898” Baby punches the number into a call box phone. He’s in th near his old apartment block. That area is cordoned and swarming with cops. As the phone rings he looks at his immediate environment. It’s populated by the homeless and looking to get high. The summer air thick with noise. Snatches of unfamiliar music. Car alarms. Partying. The s omnipresent sound of nearby chopper blades. Baby wants out. The phone picks up at the other end. Doc (0.S.) I ain’t open. 91
79) 1) dialog: It’s Baby. Doc (0.S.) I know. I ain’t open.
79) 2) dialog: I need your help. Doc (0.S.) You had my help.
79) 3) dialog: I can give some of the money back. I don’t want it. INT./EXT. PHONE BOX/DOC’S - NIGHT Doc laughs, incredulous. He shakes his head.
79) 5) dialog: Doc, you gotta understand-
79) 7) dialog: 
79) 9) dialog: I’m scared Doc. I fucked up. Doc softens. He’s alone in the warehouse. His jacket is o
79) 11) dialog: Yeah.
80) 0) text: Baby sits on a low wall, deciphering that last phone call has a portable cassette player and rewinds Doc’s command.
80) 3) dialog: Get out. The young Gangbangers look up. Laugh at this white kid.
80) 4) dialog: Get out of the car. They look at his hands. One is firmly in his jacket pocke 105.
80) 6) dialog: I am.
80) 8) dialog: Don’t wanna steal it. I wanna buy it.
80) 10) dialog: I’m serious. Sell me your car. Uh okay. The laughter is more muted as Baby forces them o gunpoint. They slowly leave the Mustang, hands aloft. As Baby gets to the driver’s door, he tosses a huge stack bills to the original owner. His friend wows at the amoun
80) 13) dialog: No. Baby reverses out of there as YOUNG MC steps up to the mi
81) 0) text: Baby drives through the eerily dead business sector.
82) 0) text: Baby parking the Mustang in his usual spot. The parking l mostly empty. Save a couple of cars. ‘Know How’ scores Baby's swagger to the elevator. He has on, ears in and he’s ready for whatever is next —
83) 0) text: The warehouse door is open. Baby walks in. He sees- DOC IS DEAD. Shirt soaked in blood. Lying in an ignominio ungraceful heap on the floor. Baby stops the music and stares. We hear the hum of his tinnitus. He also sees the chalkboard. It has been wiped
84) 0) text: Baby descends in the elevator. He is slumped against the His body language meek. He is all alone. But not for long
85) 3) dialog: Are you ghosts?
85) 6) dialog: Nothing. Armie slaps Baby very hard in the ear. Knocking one earbu
85) 9) dialog: They are not my friends. But two are dead. The other. I don’t know.
85) 11) dialog: I didn’t shoot at you.
85) 13) dialog: I didn’t want them to get hurt.
85) 15) dialog: I think that’s him. Right there. Baby points to the Charger. Armie and the Butchers turn. Buddy. In the Charger. Turning ‘Brighton Rock’ way up. And on a drum fill, he hits the gas. HARD. Charges the Farmers. Listening to Queen. They reach for their weapons, get off some shots before - CRUNCH. Buddy mows down two of the three Farmers.
85) 16) text: KILLS THEM DEAD. For real this time. Baby and Armie are l standing and shocked. Armie pops off a couple of shots at Buddy as he slams the Charger in reverse and speeds backwards to line up with A Baby and the elevator. He looks insane at the wheel. Armie grabs Baby and points his gun at the kid’s head. BABY (CONT’D) He wants me dead too. Armie believes him. FUCK. Buddy punches the gas and tears toward Baby and Armie. Guitars descend into a bridge. Buddy ploughs into the wal makes it into the freight elevator. Armie doesn’t. He is pinned between Charger and wall. Baby cowers in the elevator behind and looks over the throbbing hood to see at the wheel. Grooving to Queen like a crazy man, As snare drums accelerate into a second verse. Baby pulls his gun. Buddy slams into reverse again. Baby fires at Buddy as he screams backwards. He hits the windshield a couple of times, but then - 109. Baby’s out. And Buddy is back in drive. Charging at Baby. harmonized guitars wail, Buddy bears down on Baby. But instead of retreating further back, he runs out of th elevator and TOWARDS the Charger -
85) 18) text: Buddy CRUNCHES into the wall as Baby slips over the roof nimbly sprints in the other direction to his car. Buddy can’t believe it. He reverses out as Baby makes it to his Mustang, jumping back in. Buddy spins around. His car is now pretty gnarled up. He looks to see Baby back in his Mustang. Back at the whe Back in the driver’s seat. But - Baby needs something important first. As he guns his engi grabs the CD of Queen's ‘Sheer Heart Attack’. It is still wrapped in plastic. He tries to tear it open with his tee Buddy senses a pause and floors his fucked up Charger to the Mustang in time with the driving Queen chords. Baby is still trying to unwrap the damn CD with his teeth guns the engine and slams into reverse. Hits the gas. Buddy chases the reversing Baby across the parking lot. B still unwrapping with one free hand, the other on the whe Baby gets the cellophane off. But there’s still the annoy plastic label sealing the case. Behind Baby - A concrete pillar looms FAST in the back up camera. Baby the Mustang, missing the pillar. On a huge G chord. Buddy hits the pillar. BOOM. As Brian May flourishes, Baby spins the car 180 fast. He has the first plastic label off. He faces Buddy again. Buddy slams back out from the pillar. Swerves to charge. 110. Baby starting picking off the other label and reverses ag driving one handed to a crazy guitar solo. He snakes it o more, leading Buddy directly into the Farmer’s SUV. SLAM. As Buddy smashes into the SUV, Baby pulls another 1 the concrete, burning as Brian May melts his fretboard. Baby now has the CD out and pops it into the player. As Buddy unwraps his Charger from the SUV, Baby fast forw his copy of ‘Brighton Rock' so it is in sync with Buddy. Buddy can see and hear Baby doing this and cannot believe He’s trying to get his killer track playing at the same t Two hard bitten criminals with duelling cars and stereos. Buddy pops backwards fast, but Baby, with one hand on his stereo, slams into drive, gunning hard as guitars wail. BOOM. Baby clips the Charger on the nose. Buddy is spun l bumper car. He comes to a stop. Strains to see Baby behin He pulls back to find Baby circling around him like a sha Queen play elaborate drum fills, Buddy’s Charger dances w the Mustang to get distance. The kid’s showing off. Baby still fast forwards through ‘Brighton Rock’ on his s as he pulls out of the circle and charges forward. A whammy bar holds a growling low note. Baby pulling anot bootleggers turn so that he faces Buddy again. He’s now i with his stereo and he has the hint of a cocky smile. Two cars, two stereos, one track. The tempo shoots up. Bu floors it. Charges Baby. Baby doesn’t move at first but - As hi hats kick up the pace, he suddenly reverses, scream out of P3 and up the winding slope of the access ramp. Over pounding guitars, Baby reverses faster than you woul drive forwards. He doesn’t look up, uses only the back up camera. Glances to see Buddy furiously trying to keep pac They circle around the winding ramp, screeching tires ech the structure and mix in with the ferocious guitars. Past P2, Baby keeps ascending in reverse at crazy speeds. Buddy struggles to keep up. Gunning his fucked up Charger Baby gets ahead of the curve, Buddy can no longer see him he explodes into Pl. There are more cars on this level. Abandoned overnight. 111. Down the aisle, Baby’s Mustang executes another amazing Rockford turn, spinning a tight 180 and facing forward. Buddy guns it and chases, when on another whammy bar note WHAM! Baby’s Mustang goes right into the wall. Partially smashes the barrier that separates from a steep drop to P Buddy slows. WHAT THE FUCK? He pulls up to the crashed Mu But Baby is not inside. The song is still playing. Then - As chugging guitars return, we see a figure run past in t background. Buddy catches it too. That. Fucking. Kid. As the solo guitar chugs low and lower, Buddy reverses up looking between the parked cars to see if he can see Baby Shadows, glimpses. Amongst the playground of these abando cars, Baby leads Buddy in a merry dance. Buddy pulls out his gun. Looks around the moving shadows parking lot, aims to see if Baby is hiding out - On a wailing guitar, he swings his gun at - A CHUBBY SECURITY GUARD, who is right in the line of fire drops his coffee and runs right back out of the parking l Frustrated, Buddy swerves to the second aisle of cars, determined to smoke out Baby. Looks low on the ground whe HEADLIGHTS SWITCH ON. A dormant town car ROARS into life rams the Charger. BOOM. Buddy is slammed into a parked ca The town car winds back. SLAMS again. Baby is at the whee Buddy takes the second hit, but when he points his gun at town car, it is already reversing up and just crashes int wall. Baby is no longer at the wheel. Again, what the - Is Buddy going mad? Or is Baby magic? Here and then gone. As the guitars build up again, Buddy turns back into the original aisle, the crashed Mustang now behind him. He lo one side, then the other but not - AHEAD. Drums fill. Bass ramps up. HEADLIGHTS FLICK ON. A third car, a big red angry Yukon, faces him and screams forward. Buddy has nowhere to go and no run up. He’s trap 98 112. Baby is at the wheel, gunning the Yukon, flooring it. As song rushes to a climax - BOOM. Baby smashes into the Charger. BOOM. The Charger sl back into the Mustang, which breaks through the barrier a smashes down to P2. Buddy stomps the gas. His tires screaming. But the Yukon winning the game of shove; Baby pushing Buddy to the edge Buddy raises his gun, fires. Baby ducks. A clean bullet h where his head once was. Both tires SCREAM. Buddy raise to fire again. Click. He’s out. Game over. The Charger tumbles over the broken barrier, landing upsi down on top of the fallen Mustang. The echo of carnage ri out with the final chord of the song. ‘Brighton Rock' end Baby reverses quickly to the exit. Then stalls. Sirens ca heard distantly. But Baby thinks. Turns. Back down to P2.
86) 0) text: Baby pulls up to the wreckage of Buddy’s Charger. It rest top of his crushed Mustang. The driver door of the trashe charger is obscured. We hear the engine hiss and die. Baby jumps out of his car and reaches into the Mustang. P out the Queen and the Quincy Jones CD. Then hears - An open door chime. Baby slowly gets up and peers around to the other side of wrecked Charger. Blood splats on the concrete. The door o Behind him, the SNAP of a new clip. Baby turns to see Buddy, a hunched up, limping, bleeding He is clearly dying. His head bleeding, his torso RED. Buddy approaches Baby, gun aloft. As the color drains fro face, there’s a hint of the Buddy from earlier. A smile.
87) 0) text: Debora is behind her counter, about to start her day. The still has non-stop news coverage of the events of the las hours, but again the sound is down. The news reports show an artist impression of Baby. But n name. He is a mystery man. Debora picks up an LA Times also with the sketch of Baby cover and shakes her head. She can’t believe it. Then - BABY walks in. Limping. Cut. Bruised. He seems different. Debora freezes. Her fellow staff don’t see Baby yet and d connect the man from the TV or paper to the one who just walked up to the counter. Baby tells Debora quietly but f
87) 1) dialog: Let's go. Debora breathes fast. Something in the tone of Baby’s voi changed. She doesn’t have time to think why. 101 115.
87) 3) dialog: I want you to come with me. Right now. Debora, as ever, cannot read Baby’s face. She glances to that one hand is firmly in his jacket pocket. Is he armed
88) 0) text: Baby takes Debora to his car. A battered white ‘95 Cadill Eldorado convertible. Opens the door for her like a gentl What’s more, he opens with his bad hand, no longer in his jacket. She notices he isn’t armed, but still gets in. Baby sits in the driver’s seat. Looks at Debora. She look him expectantly. He looks at her, goofily happy. She looks back into the diner. Colleagues have noticed sh gone. And left with him. And still Baby smiles back at he
88) 3) dialog: We got all the time in the world. Debora doesn’t know how to respond to this. Half laughs. BABY (CONT’D) I have this song I wanna play you. Baby presses play. Huge rising horns. Baby reverses out. 102 116. INT./EXT. BABY’S CAR/LA STREETS 102 ‘Lalo Bossa Nova’ by Quincy Jones. A skipping Latin bossa nova beat. Cowbell. Shakers. Tambo sun is out. Sky is blue. Some clouds ahead. Baby plays Quincy Jones at FULL VOLUME. He can’t hear it, Debora can. It’s brassy, loud, defiantly upbeat. She looks at Baby’s face. He observes the white lines stretching ahead and looks calm, happy. He turns to her, expectantly.
88) 4) dialog: Do you like it? Debora almost smiles, catches herself. What is she doing, the strange kid, who looks fucked up, driving off into th horizon? She is still in the waitress outfit. It’s crazy.
88) 6) dialog: Sorry. The police grab him, throw him violently to the ground an swarm around him. Debora can see they are beyond angry. As Baby hits the deck, all the instruments drop out and o four bar drum solo, the cops proceed to kick and punch hi Debora jumps out the passenger door and SCREAMS —
89) 0) text: Baby wanders out of his cell, letter still in hand. The noises of roaring engines and screeching tires reverb around the prison halls. It emanates from the TV room. Baby enters this communal room, where inmates gather arou 35 inch TV set showing the noisy Sunday NASCAR races. Baby sees his ELDERLY CELLMATE sitting at the back of the He sits down by him. Shows him the letter. 105 119.
89) 1) dialog: What’s this say? The Elderly Cellmate peers through thick glasses at the f handwriting on the letter and blankly intones.
90) 0) text: ‘Baby Driver’ by Simon & Garfunkel. Baby walks out of the prison gates into the sunshine. Wai for him is a smiling DEBORA. Looking adorable but- She is wearing 50s dress; bobby socks, pleated skirt, whi blouse, cardigan over the shoulders, just like the young in the artwork from the postcard. She stands before a gleaming classic convertible, a white Cadillac Eldorado. She opens the passenger door for Baby. Baby walks over to the car. He is now also wearing 50s cl looking like the young man from the diner artwork. Baby jumps in. Debora pops it in drive. They kiss and the out on the open road.