22) 0) text: ‘Kashmere’ by The Kashmere Stage Band. Baby walks in with Doc. We see what he sees. Three new colleagues. Three hardened criminals. Meet EDDIE, J.D. an BATS.
22) 3) dialog: Why, what happened?
22) 6) dialog: No need for the intro Doc, everyone's heard of the ‘One Glove Bandit’. Bats and Co. treat their new member with curiosity and malicious glee; their jazzy patter overlapping like Altma They talk around him, at him, project onto him. J.D. This is him Doc? This is the mute?
22) 8) dialog: That right? Are you the mute? 24.
22) 10) dialog: If he’s got phones in all the time how’s he’s concentrate on the job?
22) 12) dialog: Driver's supposed to be the eyes and ears. Not just the eyes.
22) 17) dialog: Hey. I got the mental problems on this crew. Position taken, you hear?
22) 25) dialog: Oh how’s that working out for you? J.D. Who doesn’t like hats?
23) 0) text: ‘Unsquare Dance’ by Dave Brubeck. Over a strong bass line, hand claps and snare drums - Doc relates a plan to the four strong team. Some of it is illustrated on the chalkboard. We see everyone, except Ba listen as Doc relays details of masks, timings, routes et Baby sits at the back again. The music in his ears fully out any dialogue. But he watches their lips. There is a TOY CAR on the table next to some floorplans. absent mindedly plays with it as he taps his foot. 28 26. The song finishes. Doc finishes. Bats’ hand shoots up.
23) 1) dialog: I got a question. Tell me why I should believe Phones over there listened to a damn word you just said? You go through the whole play and he ain't listening.
26) 0) text: The Avalanche pulls into a strip mall lot outside the bri red facade of a Banco Popular. Parks up. Baby is still at the wheel. In the back are Eddie and J.D dressed in black duds. In shotgun and in black is Bats. Baby spies, with his little eye, a utility uniformed MARI walk past their car and over to a 1988 Red Toyota Pickup. The Marine eyeballs the Avalanche as he gets into his For Baby’s attention turns to another Ford, the E-350 ARMORED which pulls up level with a side entrance to the bank. Bats breathes deep. Whispers a mantra, half to himself.
26) 1) dialog: What’s in there is ours. It belongs to us. They got our money. Our hard earned paper. They snuck in last night when we was asleep, took our pants off the chair and emptied our wallet. They got what is rightfully ours. So let’s take it back. What is rightfully ours. Baby hits play on an iPod plugged into the Chevy’s stereo ‘Neat Neat Neat’ by The Damned. A menacing bass riff scor Bats. Pulling on the mask from the movie ‘Halloween’. In the back Eddie also pulls on the ‘Halloween’ mask. Third up, J.D. pulls on an ‘Austin Powers’ latex face mas
26) 14) dialog: Fucking move Austin! Move! Use your powers of speed! Austin (J.D.) finally makes it to the car. And then Baby it, spins a perfect circle to face the exit. When - 31 30. The RED PICKUP reverses into their path. Blocking the exi Baby squeals to a halt as the Marine jumps out, pulls a R and opens fire on the Avalanche. Holy shit. Baby & Co. Hit the deck. Bullets spiderweb the windshield Slam into reverse. Scream into a J-turn. BANG! The Marine takes out the rear window. Glass rains d BANG! The driver of the armored truck is out and firing t VROOM! Baby floors it. Escapes over a landscaped island. In his shaking rear view, Baby can just see the Marine ju back into the Red Pickup, as he roars onto -
27) 0) text: Sweating, Baby speeds out of there. Screams down the shou Going 70... 80. The gang in the car have their masks off slump down, out of sight. Bats curses. An out of control guitar solo signals the Avalanche joini freeway and swerving wide to occupy the far left lane.
27) 1) dialog: Diamond lane that shit. We got four. Baby holds the gas down, tearing up the far left, swervin to overtake cars observing the speed limit. As the guitar solo goes up in register. Bats sees-— THE RED FORD PICKUP is behind and gaining. Baby is boxed rigs. Allowing the Pickup to get close.
27) 2) dialog: Go Baby go! Right now. There is nowhere to go. The Pickup closes in, determined Marine at the wheel. To the gang’s amazement, The Pickup attempts the PIT mane (Pursuit Immobilization Technique), tapping the back of t Avalanche and sending the gang into a tailspin. That would be pretty crazy, if not for what happens next. Still boxed in by surrounding rigs, Baby spins the wheel turns the fishtailing Avalanche around to face front agai 32 31. Nose forward, Baby floors it, snakes in between the rigs hairy move, just missing them both. It is some fancy ass driving. Though Baby looks shaken. The Pickup is left on the scorching hot 10, as the Avalan swerves hard right and, like that, is gone - EXT. OFF RAMP —- CONTINUOUS 32 The Avalanche glides fast down the off ramp. But up ahead A RED LIGHT. Construction. Single lane traffic. The music breaks down to the solo bass line. Baby's car i third back from the stop light. Bats motions for them to out.
27) 3) dialog: New ride. Baby unplugs the iPod and jumps out, there is a PAUSE in music. We hear traffic, sirens approach, sounds of unease Bats and Eddie stroll with their bags to the first car at stop. A Blue Accord with a YOUNG MOTHER inside, Bats taps pistol on the passenger window. The Mother looks stunned.
27) 5) dialog: Get the fuck out of the car lady. Bats roughly pulls the Mother out and gets the fuck in. B quickly, instinctively opens the back door. Sees-— Her YOUNG SON on the backseat. He recognises himself, the unbuckles and hands the scared kid to his mom at the road
27) 6) dialog: C’mon pussies. Let’s go go go. J.D. is lagging again, having run back to retrieve a gun the Avalanche. Bats mutters again at the gang klutz. J.D’s Austin Powers masks FALLS OFF as he races to the Ac He quickly picks it up off the street and jumps in.
27) 7) dialog: Jesus, Austin! 33 34 35 32. Baby is now in the drivers seat and quickly plugs his iPo this car. We barely miss a bar. The light turns magically green. They pull out and drive
29) 1) dialog: Man up, Baby. (jumps out) And go get the fucking coffee. We hear the ‘Harlem Shuffle’ intro again. But this time -
31) 0) text: Doc divides up the take in front of the gang. Baby walks in, handing out black coffees. To Doc, to Eddie, to Bats, Baby looks for the missing team member. Doc catches it.
31) 2) dialog: The International Man of Mystery? Bats lifts up the Austin Powers mask, puppeteering it wit fingers through the eyes and his thumb through the mouth.
31) 3) dialog: Beats me. Bats grins at Baby like a naughty schoolkid.
43) 1) dialog: He’s got tinnitus. A hum in his drum that he has to drown out by playing music all the time.
43) 3) dialog: Do I look like a fucking guy who knows a _ fucking thing about Barbra fucking Streisand?
43) 11) dialog: Oh, I am playing the violin right now.
43) 20) dialog: What are you faggots listening to?
43) 22) dialog: First Streisand, now Queen? Are you three going to be belting out show tunes on the way to the job? You don’t need that shit. You don’t need a score for a score. Just drive a fucking car.
43) 26) dialog: My old buddy wanted to pull out of a job because of what was playing on the radio. We're about to go in, he won’t get out of the car. Why? Guns & Roses’ ‘Knockin’ On Heaven's Door’ is playing on the FM. Gives him the heebs. He says we all gonna die in there.
43) 28) dialog: Nah. We did it. And he was half right. He bought it. I didn’t. Fucking crazy. Bats jumps up now. Seems to be a little coked up.
43) 29) dialog: And I‘1l tell you another thing.
43) 31) dialog: My uncle used to be a movie nut. And we used to ride together, pulling off liquor stores. He was my road dog. And he used to say we should get chase music ready next time we get ina chase. I say like what? He says get the chase music from Bullitt. He was way into Steve McQueen, not Queen. And so I goes into some record store and I pocket me the Bullitt soundtrack. And guess what? We can’t find the track. Know why? There is no fucking chase music in Bullitt. It’s just the noise of the car. (MORE )
43) 33) dialog: So I said to my uncle, that’s the only music you need, the sound of a 390 V8 in a third gear four-wheel slide, there's your music. My uncle didn’t believe me, he said there’s definitely music in the Bullitt chase and I said yeah there is, it’s VROOOOM VROOOOOOM VROOOOOOM. (.--)
43) 36) dialog: I guess you’ll find out Buddy.
44) 13) dialog: I got some contacts to get us hardware that’s fresh and clean. Keep up Rain Man, we picking it up tonight.
44) 16) dialog: Oh, we in bed together now! INT. ‘96 CADILLAC DEVILLE - NIGHT 53 ‘Nowhere To Run’ by Martha and the Vandellas. Baby drives. Bats in shotgun. Buddy and Darling in back. sings along. She has some really good lungs.
45) 0) text: Bats jumps out of the passenger door.
45) 1) dialog: I gotta take a leak. You guys want anything while I’m in there? 57. Everyone shrugs a negative response.
45) 2) dialog: Gum? How about you Darling? Gum?
45) 15) dialog: You said you wanted gum! What am I going to do, pay for it? Baby looks back to the gas station. Still can’t see the c He peels out fast.
46) 0) text: ‘Fog On The Hudson’ by Moondog. The gang wait in the dark outside a deserted train yard. Headlights off. It’s eerie quiet. Inside, everyone chews Save for Baby who doesn’t look like he wants to play anym Bats flexes his hands. We see his single glove.
46) 2) dialog: Fuck no. It’s not a Michael Jackson thing. It’s all me. I wanna make an impression.
46) 4) dialog: They don’t know the name Bats but you better believe they heard of the One Glove Bandit. I come into a bank and the business manager sees this glove come off, he knows I mean business. 59.
46) 6) dialog: That’s the genius Darling. When I think they’re onto me, I just - He slips on a second glove too.
46) 7) dialog: And now I could be anyone.
46) 9) dialog: You got it.
46) 11) dialog: Fuck you Buddy. I did the one glove before him.
46) 13) dialog: I am thirty seven years young.
46) 16) dialog: Hey, your parents call you Bats, you gonna turn out crazy.
46) 18) dialog: You doubting I’m Bats? I can show you my ID anytime buddy.
47) 0) text: ‘Tequila’ by The Button Down Brass. Cowbells play in Baby's ears. A bass part kicks in as - Our foursome approach the truck and the semi-circle of bl SUVs with tinted windows. In the center of this gathering portable work lights illuminate crates covered by a tarp. Four linen suited gorillas flank the crates (we’ll call t FARMERS) and a more urbane man (THE BUTCHER) stands in th middle, quietly makes a list to himself. As they walk up. Bats discreetly offers Baby a pistol.
47) 1) dialog: Take this. Look serious. Baby looks at the pistol being offered. Stalls on taking
47) 3) dialog: He needs to swagger in like he’s got one. Let ‘em know we ain’t a bunch of pussies. Darling excluded of course.
47) 5) dialog: Baby, take the gun. It’s not like I’m asking you to hold my cock.
47) 8) dialog: This is our Baby Boy. 62.
47) 10) dialog: It’s just his tunes. He’s a little Looney Tunes and he needs his tunes.
47) 12) dialog: Is it the police?
47) 16) dialog: Tequila! Hey, why did the Mexican push his wife off a cliff? Ah, I ruined it-
47) 22) dialog: I’m hungry.
47) 24) dialog: Do you take bullets?
47) 26) dialog: Like this. A trumpet hits a loud blast of 'F', as suddenly - BRAP. Bats draws and shoots the Butcher POINT BLANK in th face. He drops. Dead. WHAT THE -— The big Farmer guys, caught off guard, reach for their ar Stunned, Buddy, Darling and Baby hit the deck. Bats then SMOKES the nearest Farmer. As his body falls, B rolls down next to his corpse. Grabs his machine pistol. The song hits a breakdown where duelling drummers madly f away at each other in furious patterns as - BRAT BRAT BRAT. The remaining farmers LET RIP with their machine pistols and shotguns at the air Bats just vacated 64. The syncopation of music and action is shocking and aweso Over crates and car hoods, the fire fight between Bats an three Farmers as the duelling drum solo intensifies, each of gunfire matched by a burst of drums. The noises echo around the train yard. A portable light i knocked over, creating dramatic under lighting. Buddy and Darling are forced to join the violent melee. From the deck, Baby has a sideways angle on a six way fig Gunfire builds. Shells drop. Car windows smash. The drums on the track get louder and louder as Baby watc his colleagues spew hot lead. BRAT BRAT BRAT BRAT. One Farmer aims at Baby. Baby rolls out of the way and ru like hell. He is trailed by bullets, dives over a crate f safety. The tempo peaks, there's a last burst of drums and guns. Baby looks up. The train yard is quiet again. There are f bodies on the ground that appeared to be alive seconds ag He cannot comprehend what he has just witnessed. Bats is out of ammo. Grabs a nearby clip. Winks to Buddy, strides over and goes to strike Bats with his pistol.
47) 27) dialog: What the fuck? Bats dodges and shoves Buddy right back.
47) 28) dialog: Hey! I just got us some hardware! We've never seen Buddy this mad. It’s not fun.
47) 30) dialog: Yeah. They were my contacts.
47) 32) dialog: I believe we established I was. Why, do you still wanna see my ID? 65.
47) 35) dialog: Those what-ifs are dead Darling. They’re ghosts now. Only way they’1ll finger us is through a Ouija board.
47) 37) dialog: Pah. Bats ain’t my real name. In ‘Tequila’, a huge trill of brass sounds as - We see one of the farmers is not dead. He runs past Baby, toward one of the SUVs. Bats yells at Baby, who is closes
47) 38) dialog: Don’t let him get away, Baby! Baby has his gun in his hand, but does not fire. The farm jumps in the SUV. Makes a break for the entrance. Fuck -— Instead Bats lets rip at the fleeing vehicle. Buddy and D grab a shotgun and mini pistol from the dead and also unl Baby hangs back and pointedly does not join in with the shooting. His face says everything. He doesn't want this. Wailing brass, furious drums and hammond organs score a b of bullets that stop the escapee dead in his tracks. We hear a sustained HORN, as the driver slumps on his das
47) 39) dialog: Baby. Get us out. Move! No time to argue. Baby grabs another abandoned SUV as Bat Darling and Buddy grab as many guns as they can carry. Baby starts the car. In his haste, one ear bud has droppe meaning that Bats can hear the track as he jumps in the passenger seat with a lot of hardware in his arms. Baby waits for the others, then floors it. 58 66. The brass in the final bridge reaches a resounding climax they pass their old Cadillac, Bats takes a grenade, flick safety and throws it into the open window. As the car goes KA-BOOM in the night, Bats sings along -
47) 40) dialog: Te-quiiiii-laaaaaaa!
48) 0) text: The foursome drive in the newly acquired SUV. All are sil Bats is still jonesing from the previous encounter. Baby drives past his usual DINER and subtly looks in to s Debora is working. Before he can establish this -
48) 1) dialog: Hey, pull in here. Baby does not. Keeps driving.
48) 2) dialog: Pull in here. I’m hungry.
48) 4) dialog: Stop the car. Baby stops. Bats fixes him. Furious.
48) 5) dialog: No? You telling me no?
48) 7) dialog: Well hel-lo Baby. I never seen you so mad. You saw a bunch of bodies hit the floor and you didn’t say nothing, but for some reason, you get all mad about this one diner.
48) 9) dialog: Well on that recommendation, we gots to go in.
49) 2) dialog: Now why you all still mad at me?
49) 4) dialog: We’re all going to end up in a chair. Maybe see out your days in a lawn chair at Holiday Villa, maybe settle with the electric one. Might be just me, but the latter sounds funner.
49) 6) dialog: What’s bad luck to you are more open doors for me. So I’m gonna pick thirteen as my lucky number and make hay while you Hail Mary.
49) 8) dialog: Don’t worry Buddy. I ain’t gonna mess up. I know you have noses to feed.
49) 11) dialog: I think it’s Coke all around.
49) 13) dialog: Here's the thing. You rob to support a drug habit. I take drugs to support a robbery habit. (to Baby) Baby boy. What you do this for? Baby's glances at Debora. But says nothing.
49) 14) dialog: The cash? The girls? Or is it just the smell of burning rubber?
49) 16) dialog: So, we in agreement. We’re all about the white line fever. 69.
49) 18) dialog: I'm deadly serious. This is my job. It’s you two who’s on vacation.
49) 20) dialog: You're Wall Street right?
49) 22) dialog: Doc tells me nothing. I am just guessing. Buddy glowers. Sub zero sarcasm.
49) 24) dialog: Stop me if I’m way off. But I’m thinking you were a stockbroker, maybe with a previous fiance, maybe a wife, maybe kids. You're making good money, you’re good at your work, but you also play hard. And you like the wild side too much, get in too deep, rack up debts that would make even your employers blush. So either you get laid off or someone wants to break your legs. You decide to run off, maybe take your favorite lap dancer in tow, head out to the desert and disappear into your double life, concentrate on the three things that get you high: the money, the boogaloo, the sex, the action. Okay four things. But am I close? Buddy is still unamused. Then -
49) 26) dialog: What’s the difference?
49) 28) dialog: Well then ignore everything I said.
49) 30) dialog: Just saying you're on a trip right now. And maybe it’s one you’re not coming back from. Either way, if you're from Wall Street you’re already a bigger crook than I’1l ever be.
49) 32) dialog: Where did you find her? Vegas? Reno? I think maybe it was Morongo.
49) 34) dialog: ‘Cause that’s where the Morons-Go. Buddy’s eyes glaze over. He shifts in his seat. Grips a f It's fucking terrifying to see him shift. Bats just laugh
49) 35) dialog: You seeing this Baby? This is what happens when a man loves a woman. Debora comes over with the three Cokes.
49) 37) dialog: These cats need a happy meal. But I’m just gonna get the check... Debora. 71. Baby sees that for the first time. Debora is wearing a ‘D name tag. Bats then throws an arm around Baby.
49) 38) dialog: Oh and my friend here hates this place. I think it’s okay. So I wanna ask you, what’s his problem? Baby cannot look up at Debora. She replies coldly.
49) 41) dialog: I don’t know about that. (to Buddy and Darling) You two, I got down pat. I can’t get a read on Dum Dum here. We let the song play as Baby looks up at Debora behind th counter. Longs to be anywhere else with her. When-
49) 42) dialog: Come on, let’s bounce. You guys go on out to the car. I got this. Darling and Buddy leave. Baby moves past Bats and sees - Bats pull the gun from his jacket. Then, like lightning - Baby GRABS Bats’ arm. Firmly stops him. Bats is shocked at this action. Baby has never touched hi before and now holds down Bats’ gun arm with real force. Buddy turns and sees this too. He checks to see if anyone the diner sees what’s going on. They don’t. 60 72.
49) 44) dialog: Be sure to tip the nice lady. Baby takes the check and goes to the counter. He puts it and goes to exit, without saying anything to Debora. Debora sees under the check folder. An iPod. The pink one
50) 0) text: Doc enters. He’s instantly aware of - A mood. And three camps. Bats on the opposite side of the to Buddy and Darling, while Baby lies on his makeshift be another part of the room, facing away. His headphones are
50) 6) dialog: There was no trouble. Just a little haggling. 73. Doc senses there’s something else to tell. Gets serious.
50) 8) dialog: Nothing’s going to bite no-one. We got this Doc. You got no worries with us three here.
50) 10) dialog: I can’t speak for the mute. Doc looks to Baby. He closes a partition in the loft spac Baby is now separated from them.
50) 13) dialog: I don’t know. I’m starting to think he is the crazy one on this team.
50) 15) dialog: I saw the first glints of steel in Baby tonight, but not when he had a gun in his hand. He’s real quiet then he can get real emotional. And over some dumb waitress. This registers with Doc.
50) 17) dialog: All that emotion worries me Doc. 74.
50) 19) dialog: Him turning yellow and squealing?
50) 21) dialog: And you done how many jobs with him?
50) 23) dialog: The joyrider?
51) 0) text: ‘Ready Let’s Go’ by Boards of Canada. 62 76. Some time later. Doc is gone. Bats sleeps in a chair. Bud Darling curl up on a couch. Baby quickly gathers his things in the dark. And sneaks o
52) 9) dialog: What we talking about here? Bats is standing outside the elevator. Buddy covers. 63 77.
52) 11) dialog: It don’t look like that.
52) 13) dialog: Looks like he’s going somewhere at 2 in the morning. You going somewhere Baby? Baby looks back to Buddy. Then to Bats.
52) 15) dialog: Good, because we gotta talk about this. Bats is holding a Sony handheld cassette recorder. Baby searches his jacket for his. Bats stops him.
52) 16) dialog: Yeah, it’s the same one.
53) 0) text: A D90 audio cassette plays in the handheld recorder. Baby in the middle of the room. Forced to listen. We can hear hum in his ears again, underlining the tense mood. Buddy and Bats stand over him. Bats has his gun out. Darl sits in the corner. From the tape, we hear recent dialogu
53) 2) dialog: Him turning yellow and squealing? Bats presses stop. He is deadly serious.
53) 3) dialog: Now why you go and do that? Baby stammers, but is aware he needs to speak up. And fas 78.
53) 5) dialog: And why do you like to record stuff. Are you the police? Are you a snitch?
53) 7) dialog: That don’t mean nothing. He could be working out his daddy issues on us. Or maybe, just maybe he is fucking retarded. Are you? Baby doesn’t want to answer that. Stalls.
53) 9) dialog: I asked him. But ‘acting’ is right. What if this is a cover? What if Harpo here is a real Serpico? All eyes on Baby.
53) 12) dialog: That is one fucking dumbass excuse.
53) 14) dialog: I’m calling Doc. Baby doesn’t want that to happen. Blurts out. 64 65 66 67 79.
54) 0) text: The hum in Baby's ears underscores this section, adding u menace as the SUV drives fast down deserted streets. Baby is in the back seat. Buddy drives. Bats is in shotgu his gun lightly trained on Baby. Stereo is silent.
54) 1) dialog: No music for you. You ain’t moving.
55) 1) dialog: Watch that fire escape.
56) 0) text: Bats and Baby ascend in the extremely slow exposed elevat INT. BARE APARTMENT —- MOMENTS LATER 67 Baby walks in first. The TV is on, but barely illuminates room. Bats enters, flicks the light switch. It’s still ou Bats observes the dimly lit room. He’s both surprised and not at how bare and simple it is.
56) 1) dialog: This is your place? 80.
56) 3) dialog: And where’s he? The Elderly Man is asleep in his chair. But Bats does not notice a person is present. It looks like a big old blank
56) 6) dialog: This better be good, Baby.
57) 0) text: Buddy and Bats stand over Baby at the tape recorder. Darl again, is in the corner. He presses play. The montage that plays is a collage of almost all dialogu we've heard so far. A nonsense medley of crosscut dialogu builds into odd rhythms. Sounding awesome, but absurd. Bats presses stop. Buddy shuts his eyes.
57) 1) dialog: What the fuck did I just listen to?
57) 3) dialog: Did we not establish what happens when you act the fool with me?
57) 7) dialog: At this time of night?
57) 9) dialog: You two are still alive.
57) 11) dialog: Lemme think about what to do while I give the kid a ride home. Bats tucks his gun into his waistband and puts his jacket Baby does not like the look of this. He speaks firmly.
57) 15) dialog: Oh yeah? Well go get it. Bats throws the D30 cassette out of the window.
59) 0) text: Doc enters to find Buddy, Darling & Bats dressed in civil attire for the robbery. They look weirdly normal.
60) 0) text: ‘Movement One’ by Herbie Flowers & Barry Morgan. PING. Buddy, Bats and Darling exit the elevator to find - A blue Mitsubishi Galant. Baby at the wheel. Eyes fixed f Hands ten to two. Music pumping on the stereo. The gang get in. Buddy and Darling in back. Bats in shotg Bats kills the stereo. Produces a coke spoon. Takes a big
60) 1) dialog: Now I’m going to make this clear. You can listen on your phones or do whatever it is you need to do. But I don’t want to hear none of your bullshit today. Baby silently plugs his earphones into the iPod. The musi continues in Baby’s head and our ears.
61) 0) text: ‘Music For The Head Ballet’ by The Bonzo Dog Doo Dah Band A solo harpsichord plays a jolly fairground intro as the cruises down Century Boulevard. Very slowly. Baby listens to the music in his earphones as they reach intersection of Success Avenue. And find themselves in - Gridlock. Some construction is up ahead. It’s the middle school run. Cars slow to a stop. It’s a bad time for a ja 83. Baby signals, his indicator in sync with the 4/4 tempo. T track becomes a woozy waltz, repeating a ‘down then up’ p that goes around and around as the traffic maddens. The Galant idles in the left hand lane. Baby begins to sw Unsure of the neighborhood. The air con blasting. Bats’ cocaine seems to kick in, his restlessness changing simpatico of action and music from being magical to menac Buddy taps his fingers on a seat rest in time with the mu Darling flicks through the pages of a magazine, also in t Bats cocks and uncocks his shotgun in time. Baby eyes thi The whole hood is alive with incident, all in time with t track. Kids shouting. Angry neighbors. A police helicopte The sound of chopper blades prompts the gang to all look When they look back down a COP CAR is right alongside the Their next door neighbor in the traffic jam is THE POLICE
61) 1) text: A change of key in the track. The four gang members all l straight forward, eyes fixed on the static road ahead. Th The music resumes its woozy waltz as the gang take turns look at the cops. The glances are furtive first, then mor confident. The dance of their turning heads is very surre As the melody accentuates the odd notes, we see the cops back at the gang in the Galant. We take in the odd magic Four gang members and two cops, all wearing shades, tryin inconspicuously check each other out in time with a waltz Baby doesn’t want to see Bats slowly raising his shotgun. of sight of the cops, but ready to fire. Then suddenly, the Cop driving, points right towards Bats Bats does a ‘who me?’ The Cop shakes his head. Then - POINTS at Baby. Motions for him to take off his earphones Baby does so. The waltz concludes. Bat smiles.
61) 2) dialog: Yeah Baby. It’s the law. Bats makes the ‘he’s crazy’ sign to the cops about Baby. cops get a call. Switch their SIREN ON. Pull out of the j out of sight. Everyone exhales. Heart attack over... For 73 84.
62) 0) text: ‘Intermission’ by Blur. A solo piano plays an endlessly descending melody. Baby pulls up into the strip mall. The place is quiet but everything feels bad. The heat, the traffic, the summer aggression in the air, a rain drop on the windshield. In There’s even a construction PICKUP TRUCK partly blocking exit, steel enforced concrete poles hanging off the back. a novice would get spooked by this, but - Bats ignores the omens and repeats his mantra.
62) 1) dialog: Remember, what’s in there is ours. It belongs to us. They got our money. They got our money orders. They got our momma’s jewels. They got our girlfriend in there. So let’s go in, get them, get her. Take back what is rightfully ours. Darling opens her door. It starts. There’s a thunderclap. A crunchy electric guitar joins the piano. Adds menace. Buddy and Bats watch Darling walk into the post office al Baby gets a pervasive feeling of dread. A baby in a strol cries. A chorus of honks and angry drivers are heard near A bass guitar joins the sneaking melody. Buddy and Bats g out, take bags from the trunk and follow Darling. Baby is distracted by an argument between two men at a bus stop. A huge thunder clap and cymbal crash heralds the introduc of drums. And also Buddy and Bats entering the post offic The tempo of the track quickens. Traffic noise flares nea Baby stares forward. Rain spots his windshield. Baby hits the wipers. They are in perfect time with the t He stays, fixed forward, staring at the jagged mess of protruding poles, fixating on this premonition of doom. Tempo quickens. Rain thickens. Baby flicks the wipers up notch in speed. In his wing mirror, Baby sees - A SECURITY GUARD ambling around the corner. Looks up at t uncommon rainfall. Finishes off a sandwich. 85. A squeal of feedback. Baby looks through the post office He can see frantic activity inside. He looks back to the security guard who has thrown the sa wrapper in the trash and now slowly approaches Baby. The tempo quickens. The drums become more manic. Baby fli the wipers to go one faster. Matching the tempo. The secu guard passes, eyeballing Baby. Then - A GUN SHOT. From inside. Baby and the Guard look to the d Baby doesn’t want to think what just happened in there. T Guard runs to the door of the post office. Just as - Buddy, Darling and Bats run out, bags and guns in hand. Hard cymbals strike. White noise guitar. Madly fast piano The Security Guard reaches for a walkie. BATS BLOWS HIM AWAY WITH A SHOTGUN. POINT BLANK. Baby witnesses this. Close up. He is in total shock. BATS THEN SHOOTS THE SECURITY GUARD ON THE GROUND TOO. Sound EXPLODES around them. AN ALARM. SCREAMS from passer The sound of distant SIRENS as - Darling and Buddy leap in the back and Bats jumps in shot A huge shift up in tempo, the track threatening to collap
62) 2) dialog: Move! Baby doesn’t move.
62) 3) dialog: Fucking move! Baby doesn't go.
62) 4) dialog: Fucking hit the gas you fucking retard. Fucking move. Go! Bats HITS Baby in the face with the shotgun stock. It kno out a lens from his sunglasses. We now see one naked eye. One steely eye. Baby doesn’t move. Baby doesn’t go. 86.
62) 6) dialog: I'm blowing your fucking head off in three seconds if you don’t move!
62) 8) dialog: 1- Sirens mass. Baby holds still. That steely eye staring at
62) 9) dialog: 2- Music and noise crescendos around them. And then -
62) 10) dialog: 