2) 0) text: The track kicks in. We see the car is a shiny red Honda C and note the door chimes are in time with the song. Choppy strings play against guitar riffs as GRIFF gets ou see a shotgun partially concealed in his trench coat. BUDDY and DARLING get out. We glimpse they are also armed pops the trunk. Grabs two duffels. Hands one to Darling. We see they all wear sneakers as they walk away from the sync with the track. Again. It’s awesome. But we stay wit BABY: our young driver. Hands fixed on the wheel. Ten to Watching his colleagues disappearing inside a ‘CHASE’ ban The song pauses for two bars. When it kicks back in, our driver suddenly drops the stro silent tough guy act and comes to glorious, joyous life. Nodding his head. Swaying in his seat. Mouthing the vocal slave to the rhythm. He doesn’t miss a beat. It’s cool, b He’s also like a big kid in front of his bedroom mirror. drums on the dash, we see shoppers pass, other cars cruis Baby is so immersed in the track, he flicks on the wipers swipe across the dry glass in perfect sync. A mother with a stroller passes. The infant inside notice rocking out in his car. Baby waves. The infant smiles. Then he instinctively looks in his rear view. A BLACK & W POLICE CRUISER, sirens blaring, races up the street behin Baby turns to watch the police car drive up and past. A pause in the music. The police car doesn’t return. An urgent bass line. Baby looks to the bank. His goofy ch dance is over. He’s stone faced and _all business again. Over distorted guitars, our driver watches through partia frosted windows. Sees his colleagues ordering staff to hi floor. Glimpses scared faces, the brandishing of weapons. The song reaches an interlude; a vocal comes in and Baby syncs every word as his eyes stay fixed on the bank.
4) 0) text: MASS HONKS as Baby blows through a intersection. Disappea an alley, weaving these back routes like a savant. As sirens and choppers’ blades ebb away a little, we see ease it down, a rising bass riff signals a sneaking appro He slows to see if any cruisers cross by ahead. One polic cruiser glides by, sirens off. Baby waits on the bass rif again. Then floors it when the coast’s clear. And suddenl They pull into a covered parking lot underneath a quiet s complex and pull up next to a green Toyota Corolla. And like that, the gang leap out of the Civic and into th car, money and guns covered up. The gang swap places. Buddy and Griff in the back. Baby s Darling drives. Lets her hair down. Pulls on a colorful s Baby closes his eyes, pretends to be asleep as Darling ro into the white of morning and the Blues Explosion echoes And the first musical number is over. That was something.
8) 0) text: ‘Egyptian Reggae’ by Jonathan Richman & The Modern Lovers Coffee is drunk. Cash split. The gang are in a garment warehouse space with some vintage sewing desks. On a large table in the middle. DOC, an older (60s), silv haired, very well-dressed man, counts out the day’s haul. Darling, fixes herself up (down?), now looking trashier t before. Buddy, sits next to her and sips his coffee quiet Baby sits at the back of class, earphones in and shades s on. The goofy kid has disappeared, the stoic, poker faced has returned. The beefy guy, Griff, glowers at him.
8) 14) dialog: Leave the kid alone Griff.
8) 17) dialog: What does it matter to you?
8) 23) dialog: Yeah, he did his job, let him be.
8) 28) dialog: Speak for yourself.
8) 33) dialog: I figured out why you call him Baby. Still waiting for his first words.
9) 0) text: ‘Secondo Intermezzo Pop’ by Ennio Morricone. Baby travels with Griff, Darling, Buddy and Doc in a pack elevator. All five of them clutch HOLDALLS. Darling is all over Buddy. Smooching and laughing. (The 2 age gap between them is a_ little much.)
9) 2) dialog: I think you’re quite the squeeze. Griff again eyeballs Baby who has shades back on, phones
9) 5) dialog: Yeah, where do you get off?
9) 7) dialog: Seriously. Where do you get off? PING. The lift hits Pl.
9) 11) dialog: That would be ‘Love In An Elevator’.
9) 13) dialog: Sir, I will call you as soon as the nose bag is empty. Buddy punches Baby’s arm playfully.
9) 14) dialog: And you? You did great. You aced it. You’re one of the good guys. They exit. Buddy shouts back to Baby as the doors close.
9) 15) dialog: He calls you again, don’t pick up. And with that, the elevator descends. Doc smiles tersely.
43) 6) dialog: That’s my lady. Watch your mouth. Bats just laughs. Darling takes a cue to powder her nose. sits on the opposite side of the room to Bats. Buddy walk
43) 7) dialog: That true? You listen to music to drown out a noise in your head?
43) 9) dialog: It’s an escape. I get it.
43) 12) dialog: Knock it off. (sits, continues quietly) I used to do the same thing. Used to fool around with cars when I was a kid. Drive all night, hopped up, listening to the radio. I used to have a special tape. Used to have my track. My one killer track that would get me flying. You got one of those?
43) 14) dialog: What’s yours? Baby speaks phonetically. Like he’s never said the title
43) 16) dialog: I know ‘Brighton Rock’. Queen right? My big brother used to play ‘Sheer Heart Attack’ right through the wall. You got it on there?
43) 19) dialog: Play it. Baby finds it. Plays the intro to ‘Brighton Rock’ by Quee Buddy takes one earphone. It’s a weirdly intimate image o men sharing one pair of earphones. We hear a fairground organ. Then a chugging electric guit Buddy nods, grins, reliving his teenage rock years. Bats looks over at them both, incredulous.
43) 23) dialog: Come on. You’ve been a wheel man. You never had a lucky song?
43) 25) dialog: I believe that. Bats warms to his theme. Turns his chair to face them.
43) 27) dialog: So you bailed on the job?
43) 30) dialog: Can’t wait.
43) 35) dialog: All your stories end with someone dying?
43) 37) dialog: Oh, that’s funny. Bats grins at Buddy. Darling re-enters. Senses tension.
43) 41) dialog: You got it, Doc. What’s happening?
44) 8) dialog: The plan is that Darling goes in first. Then me and Bats. I take her hostage, put shotgun to her head.
44) 10) dialog: That gets the door open. And gets us where the money is. And where the money orders are. 53 54 56.
45) 3) dialog: Sure, I’ll take some gum. Bats saunters off. Baby watches him walk up to the gas st where a MALE CLERK is behind the counter. Buddy and Darling smooch. Baby glances at this in his rea view.
45) 4) dialog: Hey. Not in front of the Baby.
45) 6) dialog: If it were just me, enough to live on for the year. But if we’re talking the two of us, enough for one weekend. (to Baby) My fiancé has expensive taste. Darling breaks out of the embrace, hits him playfully.
45) 8) dialog: I do not have a gambling problem. They call it gaming now.
45) 10) dialog: Hey, it ain’t a problem if you keep winning, right Baby? Baby looks back into the gas station. He can’t see Bats O clerk anymore. It doesn’t feel good at all. He mutters. 55 58.
45) 14) dialog: The fuck? Did you just swipe this?
46) 3) dialog: Oh, you make an impression.
46) 8) dialog: Anyone wearing gloves. In summer.
46) 10) dialog: Whatever you say, MJ.
46) 12) dialog: How old are you?
46) 14) dialog: Jackson did the one glove at least thirty years ago. So what, you were robbing banks at the age of five? Bats shrugs as if to say “Maybe I was...”.
46) 15) dialog: You're crazy Bats.
46) 17) dialog: Come on. Bats isn’t your real name.
47) 2) dialog: Is he going to need it?
47) 17) dialog: To business? The Butcher starts proceedings by throwing back the tarp. crates are stencilled with ‘LAPD’. On top of them is a hu smorgasbord of GUNS AND AMMO. Black gun metal gleams at t
47) 29) dialog: You shot the gunsmiths! I thought these were your contacts?
47) 31) dialog: Are you fucking crazy?
47) 33) dialog: You didn’t think to tell us your plan? We come in here with no masks, no nothing -
47) 36) dialog: Well your name is only four letters to spell out.
49) 3) dialog: Because you have a death wish and we don’t. Buddy talks calmly, but intensely. Tears a napkin into st Baby and Darling are caught awkwardly in the middle.
49) 5) dialog: It’s just you. You revel in bad choices. In bad luck. And that’s bad business. 68.
49) 7) dialog: Whatever you do on your own time is fine. What you do within this group affects us all.
49) 9) dialog: Oh. Because you never take drugs. Baby has been watching Debora the whole time. She comes o Senses the sour mood. Plays it cool.
49) 17) dialog: Yeah. You're real funny. During this exchange, Debora looks at Baby, deeply concer
49) 19) dialog: What is that supposed to mean?
49) 21) dialog: Doc tell you that?
49) 23) dialog: I would be fascinated to hear your thoughts.
49) 29) dialog: You doubt my credentials?
49) 31) dialog: Two things. Don’t underestimate me. And don’t ever speak ill about my lady. Or I will see red and you will see nothing but black. Buddy is scary when angered. Bats breaks into a big grin.
50) 0) text: Doc enters. He’s instantly aware of - A mood. And three camps. Bats on the opposite side of the to Buddy and Darling, while Baby lies on his makeshift be another part of the room, facing away. His headphones are
50) 2) dialog: A better question: ‘who didn’t?’.
50) 4) dialog: A little trouble procuring the hardware.
50) 12) dialog: Jesus. He's not the problem. Bats warms to this new theme, keen to distract Doc.
50) 25) dialog: Wasn’t that like ten years ago?
50) 27) dialog: So how’d you find him?
52) 0) text: Baby walks from the freight elevator to the SUV. He gets Starts up. But when he pulls out toward the exit. Buddy is waiting for him. Blocking his path.
52) 1) dialog: Where you going, Baby?
52) 3) dialog: At 2AM? That doesn’t sound too smart. Or much like you either. (.--)
52) 6) dialog: Doc said your Dad was in this business.
52) 8) dialog: But I’m not sure you are. You can’t dip your toes, you’re either in the pool or you’re not. If this is just your escape, then go.
52) 10) dialog: Just about how we should all be getting more sleep before tomorrow.
52) 12) dialog: What does it look like?
53) 0) text: A D90 audio cassette plays in the handheld recorder. Baby in the middle of the room. Forced to listen. We can hear hum in his ears again, underlining the tense mood. Buddy and Bats stand over him. Bats has his gun out. Darl sits in the corner. From the tape, we hear recent dialogu
53) 10) dialog: Speak up, Baby.
53) 13) dialog: To be fair, a cop would not come up with an excuse as fucking dumbass as that.
53) 16) dialog: Where are they?
53) 18) dialog: Well, looks like we are going somewhere at 2 in the morning.
54) 0) text: The hum in Baby's ears underscores this section, adding u menace as the SUV drives fast down deserted streets. Baby is in the back seat. Buddy drives. Bats is in shotgu his gun lightly trained on Baby. Stereo is silent.
55) 0) text: The SUV pulls up outside Baby’s apartment block. Baby and get out. Buddy stays in the car.
57) 0) text: Buddy and Bats stand over Baby at the tape recorder. Darl again, is in the corner. He presses play. The montage that plays is a collage of almost all dialogu we've heard so far. A nonsense medley of crosscut dialogu builds into odd rhythms. Sounding awesome, but absurd. Bats presses stop. Buddy shuts his eyes.
57) 6) dialog: I say we get someone else.
57) 8) dialog: Anyone you’ve worked with that’s still alive?
57) 10) dialog: I’m so honored.
59) 0) text: Doc enters to find Buddy, Darling & Bats dressed in civil attire for the robbery. They look weirdly normal.
59) 2) dialog: I’m going to guess... in the car.
60) 0) text: ‘Movement One’ by Herbie Flowers & Barry Morgan. PING. Buddy, Bats and Darling exit the elevator to find - A blue Mitsubishi Galant. Baby at the wheel. Eyes fixed f Hands ten to two. Music pumping on the stereo. The gang get in. Buddy and Darling in back. Bats in shotg Bats kills the stereo. Produces a coke spoon. Takes a big
60) 2) dialog: Let’s get this over with. Baby pulls out. Heads for the ‘EXIT’.
61) 0) text: ‘Music For The Head Ballet’ by The Bonzo Dog Doo Dah Band A solo harpsichord plays a jolly fairground intro as the cruises down Century Boulevard. Very slowly. Baby listens to the music in his earphones as they reach intersection of Success Avenue. And find themselves in - Gridlock. Some construction is up ahead. It’s the middle school run. Cars slow to a stop. It’s a bad time for a ja 83. Baby signals, his indicator in sync with the 4/4 tempo. T track becomes a woozy waltz, repeating a ‘down then up’ p that goes around and around as the traffic maddens. The Galant idles in the left hand lane. Baby begins to sw Unsure of the neighborhood. The air con blasting. Bats’ cocaine seems to kick in, his restlessness changing simpatico of action and music from being magical to menac Buddy taps his fingers on a seat rest in time with the mu Darling flicks through the pages of a magazine, also in t Bats cocks and uncocks his shotgun in time. Baby eyes thi The whole hood is alive with incident, all in time with t track. Kids shouting. Angry neighbors. A police helicopte The sound of chopper blades prompts the gang to all look When they look back down a COP CAR is right alongside the Their next door neighbor in the traffic jam is THE POLICE
62) 5) dialog: Baby go! Go now!
62) 12) dialog: Get up. Get up. Get up. Buddy pulls Darling out of the car. Baby gets out too. He one earbud hanging out of his ear, one sunglass lens miss The song whites out. Returns to a simple solo piano. Budd looks at Baby. He is incandescent with rage. BUDDY (CONT’D) What did you do? WHAT DID YOU DO!
63) 0) text: The three of them disappear out of the back of the strip Ducking into to a back alley. The sound of police boots a screeching tires gaining on them. They pound along the alley. Baby is first, looking crazy his single lens sunglasses. He vaults over a chain link f and runs fast, leaving Darling and Buddy behind. He sails across a street, cars screeching around him. Hea a memorial park up ahead. Feet pounding. Guitars build. Baby runs fast and is out of control. He s into a middle aged male DOG WALKER on a snare hit. Drum solo. Baby hides in a clump of trees. Stops. Catches breath. His organs feel like they are in his mouth. Vocal section. Crazy yodelling. Hammond Organ. Baby looks around. Sees the police chasing Buddy and Darling on foot Black & Whites splitting every which way. Circling the pa 75 76 88. The vocalist begins a rising scream. Baby gears up. Knows cannot stop. Police are coming. Chopper blades are closin The dog walker is waving in the direction of the trees. Drum fill into driving heavy guitar. Baby makes a break. back into the sun. Cops are suddenly on his heels. One Bl White driving onto the park itself. Baby runs. Cops won’t shoot. There are too many people in park. Kids scream. Mothers yell. Hobos are tripped over. Hectic drum fills and snares build. Baby hotfoots it acro crosswalk, weaving through shoppers as he heads for a -
68) 0) text: Baby races into the full lot, shaking off his new injury. He zeroes in on models of cars from the pre-immobilizer e Spots a 91 Accord, a 95 Civic, a 2003 Corolla. As the cops burst into the parking lot, Baby disappears d amongst the parked cars, out of their view. While on the ground, he tries the doors of the nearest vehicles. Then, right in front on him. Cops. Run past on foot. Missing him. 90. Baby stands up and on the rising guitar chords, smashes a window of the nearest white Corolla with his elbow. CRASH. Baby messily smashes the window. He opens the door sits in the glass as a hectic drum solo plays. He tries to hot wire it. But the engine won’t kick over. He slumps down in his seat. Cops are running back and for The rising vocal section builds. Hits a peak. The engine fires up and Baby LURCHES forward. His seat be alarm chimes as he pulls a tight 90 degree turn. Cops spo Some fire. Sending other shoppers screaming. Baby roars forward in the Corolla, clipping trolleys and compacts as he goes. His wheels SCREAM as he settles into new car and turns perfect corners to get out of this maze As two guitars rapidly solo, Baby leaves the cops behind, snaking through the lot when - BOOM. He ploughs hard into a car that is reversing at spe It’s a grey Silverado with broken windows. In the front - BUDDY AND DARLING. No fucking way.
68) 1) dialog: No fucking way! Cops descending. Both Baby and Buddy try to get their car started again. Buddy’s ride is fucked. It’s not happening Buddy SCREAMS at Baby. The veins in his neck bulging.
68) 2) dialog: Are you a fucking jinx, you maggot? The crazy vocals rise again. Sirens are getting close. Bu and Darling jump out of their car. Move toward Baby's.
68) 5) dialog: You-should-have-never-picked-up! Baby needs the iPod desperately, but cannot reach it with exposing himself to Buddy’s hail of bullets, so - Baby grabs the revolver of a downed officer. RETURNS FIRE Buddy dodges behind Baby’s crashed car, genuinely not exp fire from Baby. But he’s not surprised to see - BABY’S HAND. Reaching out. Trying to grab the dropped iPo 80 92. Buddy unleashes lead and BLOWS THE iPOD TO SMITHEREENS. End of Song. Then- Baby RUNS for it, zig zagging through the parked cars. Hi rhythm now: the sound of police sirens WOOP WOOPING. He runs, turns corners, sprints frantically, trying to es the parking lot and get far away from Buddy and the cops.
70) 0) text: The Elderly Man asleep in front of the TV news. On it: li helicopter footage of Buddy carjacking a Red Durango as h battles police in the streets. The window is open and we can hear ‘Radar Love’ playing e before we see a car pulling up. (It’s a long song).
74) 0) text: Baby looks in the rear view. Leaving the cops and Buddy b him. He looks to the Elderly Man. Signs.
78) 7) dialog: It’s dead, Baby. The door to the rest rooms opens. All three turn to see - The OTHER WAITRESS comes out. Clearly starting her shift. yawns. Doesn’t clock that anything is wrong.
78) 9) dialog: You can’t keep on running, Baby! The cop wonders who this crazy man yelling is -
79) 16) dialog: Where is he? 103.
79) 18) dialog: Don’t fuck around Doc. Where is he?
79) 20) dialog: He could be. But’s he not. The kid ain’t that bright. I don’t think he knows where to go apart from his place, that diner or here.
79) 22) dialog: You put him on our score Doc. Him and that ticking timebomb Bats. I took your fucking word for them. Darling took your fucking word for them. Your recommendation. So I am going to recommend you tell me where Baby is, because whether it’s your fucking mother’s birthday or not, I don’t think you want to see her cry tomorrow.
79) 24) dialog: So that’s that.
85) 16) text: KILLS THEM DEAD. For real this time. Baby and Armie are l standing and shocked. Armie pops off a couple of shots at Buddy as he slams the Charger in reverse and speeds backwards to line up with A Baby and the elevator. He looks insane at the wheel. Armie grabs Baby and points his gun at the kid’s head. BABY (CONT’D) He wants me dead too. Armie believes him. FUCK. Buddy punches the gas and tears toward Baby and Armie. Guitars descend into a bridge. Buddy ploughs into the wal makes it into the freight elevator. Armie doesn’t. He is pinned between Charger and wall. Baby cowers in the elevator behind and looks over the throbbing hood to see at the wheel. Grooving to Queen like a crazy man, As snare drums accelerate into a second verse. Baby pulls his gun. Buddy slams into reverse again. Baby fires at Buddy as he screams backwards. He hits the windshield a couple of times, but then - 109. Baby’s out. And Buddy is back in drive. Charging at Baby. harmonized guitars wail, Buddy bears down on Baby. But instead of retreating further back, he runs out of th elevator and TOWARDS the Charger -
85) 18) text: Buddy CRUNCHES into the wall as Baby slips over the roof nimbly sprints in the other direction to his car. Buddy can’t believe it. He reverses out as Baby makes it to his Mustang, jumping back in. Buddy spins around. His car is now pretty gnarled up. He looks to see Baby back in his Mustang. Back at the whe Back in the driver’s seat. But - Baby needs something important first. As he guns his engi grabs the CD of Queen's ‘Sheer Heart Attack’. It is still wrapped in plastic. He tries to tear it open with his tee Buddy senses a pause and floors his fucked up Charger to the Mustang in time with the driving Queen chords. Baby is still trying to unwrap the damn CD with his teeth guns the engine and slams into reverse. Hits the gas. Buddy chases the reversing Baby across the parking lot. B still unwrapping with one free hand, the other on the whe Baby gets the cellophane off. But there’s still the annoy plastic label sealing the case. Behind Baby - A concrete pillar looms FAST in the back up camera. Baby the Mustang, missing the pillar. On a huge G chord. Buddy hits the pillar. BOOM. As Brian May flourishes, Baby spins the car 180 fast. He has the first plastic label off. He faces Buddy again. Buddy slams back out from the pillar. Swerves to charge. 110. Baby starting picking off the other label and reverses ag driving one handed to a crazy guitar solo. He snakes it o more, leading Buddy directly into the Farmer’s SUV. SLAM. As Buddy smashes into the SUV, Baby pulls another 1 the concrete, burning as Brian May melts his fretboard. Baby now has the CD out and pops it into the player. As Buddy unwraps his Charger from the SUV, Baby fast forw his copy of ‘Brighton Rock' so it is in sync with Buddy. Buddy can see and hear Baby doing this and cannot believe He’s trying to get his killer track playing at the same t Two hard bitten criminals with duelling cars and stereos. Buddy pops backwards fast, but Baby, with one hand on his stereo, slams into drive, gunning hard as guitars wail. BOOM. Baby clips the Charger on the nose. Buddy is spun l bumper car. He comes to a stop. Strains to see Baby behin He pulls back to find Baby circling around him like a sha Queen play elaborate drum fills, Buddy’s Charger dances w the Mustang to get distance. The kid’s showing off. Baby still fast forwards through ‘Brighton Rock’ on his s as he pulls out of the circle and charges forward. A whammy bar holds a growling low note. Baby pulling anot bootleggers turn so that he faces Buddy again. He’s now i with his stereo and he has the hint of a cocky smile. Two cars, two stereos, one track. The tempo shoots up. Bu floors it. Charges Baby. Baby doesn’t move at first but - As hi hats kick up the pace, he suddenly reverses, scream out of P3 and up the winding slope of the access ramp. Over pounding guitars, Baby reverses faster than you woul drive forwards. He doesn’t look up, uses only the back up camera. Glances to see Buddy furiously trying to keep pac They circle around the winding ramp, screeching tires ech the structure and mix in with the ferocious guitars. Past P2, Baby keeps ascending in reverse at crazy speeds. Buddy struggles to keep up. Gunning his fucked up Charger Baby gets ahead of the curve, Buddy can no longer see him he explodes into Pl. There are more cars on this level. Abandoned overnight. 111. Down the aisle, Baby’s Mustang executes another amazing Rockford turn, spinning a tight 180 and facing forward. Buddy guns it and chases, when on another whammy bar note WHAM! Baby’s Mustang goes right into the wall. Partially smashes the barrier that separates from a steep drop to P Buddy slows. WHAT THE FUCK? He pulls up to the crashed Mu But Baby is not inside. The song is still playing. Then - As chugging guitars return, we see a figure run past in t background. Buddy catches it too. That. Fucking. Kid. As the solo guitar chugs low and lower, Buddy reverses up looking between the parked cars to see if he can see Baby Shadows, glimpses. Amongst the playground of these abando cars, Baby leads Buddy in a merry dance. Buddy pulls out his gun. Looks around the moving shadows parking lot, aims to see if Baby is hiding out - On a wailing guitar, he swings his gun at - A CHUBBY SECURITY GUARD, who is right in the line of fire drops his coffee and runs right back out of the parking l Frustrated, Buddy swerves to the second aisle of cars, determined to smoke out Baby. Looks low on the ground whe HEADLIGHTS SWITCH ON. A dormant town car ROARS into life rams the Charger. BOOM. Buddy is slammed into a parked ca The town car winds back. SLAMS again. Baby is at the whee Buddy takes the second hit, but when he points his gun at town car, it is already reversing up and just crashes int wall. Baby is no longer at the wheel. Again, what the - Is Buddy going mad? Or is Baby magic? Here and then gone. As the guitars build up again, Buddy turns back into the original aisle, the crashed Mustang now behind him. He lo one side, then the other but not - AHEAD. Drums fill. Bass ramps up. HEADLIGHTS FLICK ON. A third car, a big red angry Yukon, faces him and screams forward. Buddy has nowhere to go and no run up. He’s trap 98 112. Baby is at the wheel, gunning the Yukon, flooring it. As song rushes to a climax - BOOM. Baby smashes into the Charger. BOOM. The Charger sl back into the Mustang, which breaks through the barrier a smashes down to P2. Buddy stomps the gas. His tires screaming. But the Yukon winning the game of shove; Baby pushing Buddy to the edge Buddy raises his gun, fires. Baby ducks. A clean bullet h where his head once was. Both tires SCREAM. Buddy raise to fire again. Click. He’s out. Game over. The Charger tumbles over the broken barrier, landing upsi down on top of the fallen Mustang. The echo of carnage ri out with the final chord of the song. ‘Brighton Rock' end Baby reverses quickly to the exit. Then stalls. Sirens ca heard distantly. But Baby thinks. Turns. Back down to P2.
86) 0) text: Baby pulls up to the wreckage of Buddy’s Charger. It rest top of his crushed Mustang. The driver door of the trashe charger is obscured. We hear the engine hiss and die. Baby jumps out of his car and reaches into the Mustang. P out the Queen and the Quincy Jones CD. Then hears - An open door chime. Baby slowly gets up and peers around to the other side of wrecked Charger. Blood splats on the concrete. The door o Behind him, the SNAP of a new clip. Baby turns to see Buddy, a hunched up, limping, bleeding He is clearly dying. His head bleeding, his torso RED. Buddy approaches Baby, gun aloft. As the color drains fro face, there’s a hint of the Buddy from earlier. A smile.
86) 1) dialog: What can I say Baby? You did great. You aced it. Baby, not sure where this is going, is fixed to the spot.
86) 2) dialog: But you took away something I loved- 113. Buddy is at point blank range. Gun aimed at Baby’s head.
86) 3) dialog: So you know I’ve gotta do the same. BANG. Buddy open fires right in Baby’s ear. BANG. Buddy fires in the other ear. Buddy falls down DEAD. Baby falls down DEAF. HORRIFIC RINGING SOUND. Like the tinnitus amplified a mil times into a intense, awful WHINE. Baby writhes on the floor. He rolls to see Buddy’s lifele face. Reflected on his dead skin. Red and blue lights. He hear the sirens, but knows the cops are coming. Baby tries to stand, but his balance is off. He tumbles, hand going straight into broken glass. He screams, but we cannot hear it over the WHINE. Neither can he. Baby struggles to get to his car. His equilibrium all off the while the red and blues are getting closer Baby falls into his car. Fumbles to start it. The car fee alien. Like he cannot operate without sound. Baby struggles for the stereo, takes the Queen CD out and it into the CD player. Then turns the volume up, up, up - The music starts. It’s so loud, it makes the rear view mi shake violently. In it we see, POLICE CARS turn the corne Baby puts one bloody hand on the wheel, one on the speake his driver door. Feels the vibrations of the music and th HITS THE GAS. Screaming out of P2 and roaring up the ramp Black & Whites right behind him. We hear NOTHING of the cars. Only the whine in Baby’s ear see the rear view and wing mirror pulse with the music. T tempo pulses through Baby’s hand on the speaker. Baby makes it back to Pl, but a cruiser BLOCKS the exit. top level is FULL OF COPS. The only way out? The way in. Baby swerves towards the ‘SEVERE TIRE DAMAGE’ sign. His t blow out, but he accelerates into the night, wheels on fi The cops are too slow to catch him. They struggle to mane as the Pacific Ghost disappears up the street. 99 100 114. The WHINE lingers on as a COP CAR pulls back out onto the downtown streets and we see what he sees - An empty street. An empty car. An open door. And no Baby. INT. CAR — DAY 99 Sunlight. Baby is out cold. He looks bad. Cut, bruised. H damaged hand is bandaged with whatever rag was in the car He wakes and sits up. He still cannot hear. But he can se The diner. He is parked right outside. What was a friendly place before, now feels off. He canno a thing. Feel a thing. Barry White can’t help him now. He sees DEBORA. Strolling into the diner. A pretty girl w to work, just like the first time he saw her. She's singing along with her iPod again. But Baby cannot what she is singing. Baby looks to the cracked Quincy Jones CD, cues up a trac tries to make himself look respectable in the rear view.