1) 0) text: Play is pressed on an iPod Classic. A rock track starts u It’s very loud. It’s awesome. ‘Bellbottoms’ by the Jon Spencer Blues Explosion. On high strings and a guitar stab we see the driver. Young, baby faced. Short cropped hair. He wears mostly bl Sports cheap gas station shades. This is BABY. We can’t see his eyes, but his blank expression seems pre stoic. He listens to the track, stares out the windshield On a 2nd guitar stab we see a beefy (30s) tough guy in sh This is GRIFF. He too wears shades, black business clothe On a 3rd stab we see another black clad gentleman. (40s) handsome, but looks like he parties too hard. This is BUD On a final stab we see the last shades wearing black clad passenger, a younger lady (20s) with her hair up. This is DARLING. There’s a hint of trash beneath her business clo The high strings crescendo. Griff flings his door wide op
2) 0) text: The track kicks in. We see the car is a shiny red Honda C and note the door chimes are in time with the song. Choppy strings play against guitar riffs as GRIFF gets ou see a shotgun partially concealed in his trench coat. BUDDY and DARLING get out. We glimpse they are also armed pops the trunk. Grabs two duffels. Hands one to Darling. We see they all wear sneakers as they walk away from the sync with the track. Again. It’s awesome. But we stay wit BABY: our young driver. Hands fixed on the wheel. Ten to Watching his colleagues disappearing inside a ‘CHASE’ ban The song pauses for two bars. When it kicks back in, our driver suddenly drops the stro silent tough guy act and comes to glorious, joyous life. Nodding his head. Swaying in his seat. Mouthing the vocal slave to the rhythm. He doesn’t miss a beat. It’s cool, b He’s also like a big kid in front of his bedroom mirror. drums on the dash, we see shoppers pass, other cars cruis Baby is so immersed in the track, he flicks on the wipers swipe across the dry glass in perfect sync. A mother with a stroller passes. The infant inside notice rocking out in his car. Baby waves. The infant smiles. Then he instinctively looks in his rear view. A BLACK & W POLICE CRUISER, sirens blaring, races up the street behin Baby turns to watch the police car drive up and past. A pause in the music. The police car doesn’t return. An urgent bass line. Baby looks to the bank. His goofy ch dance is over. He’s stone faced and _all business again. Over distorted guitars, our driver watches through partia frosted windows. Sees his colleagues ordering staff to hi floor. Glimpses scared faces, the brandishing of weapons. The song reaches an interlude; a vocal comes in and Baby syncs every word as his eyes stay fixed on the bank.
4) 0) text: MASS HONKS as Baby blows through a intersection. Disappea an alley, weaving these back routes like a savant. As sirens and choppers’ blades ebb away a little, we see ease it down, a rising bass riff signals a sneaking appro He slows to see if any cruisers cross by ahead. One polic cruiser glides by, sirens off. Baby waits on the bass rif again. Then floors it when the coast’s clear. And suddenl They pull into a covered parking lot underneath a quiet s complex and pull up next to a green Toyota Corolla. And like that, the gang leap out of the Civic and into th car, money and guns covered up. The gang swap places. Buddy and Griff in the back. Baby s Darling drives. Lets her hair down. Pulls on a colorful s Baby closes his eyes, pretends to be asleep as Darling ro into the white of morning and the Blues Explosion echoes And the first musical number is over. That was something.
8) 0) text: ‘Egyptian Reggae’ by Jonathan Richman & The Modern Lovers Coffee is drunk. Cash split. The gang are in a garment warehouse space with some vintage sewing desks. On a large table in the middle. DOC, an older (60s), silv haired, very well-dressed man, counts out the day’s haul. Darling, fixes herself up (down?), now looking trashier t before. Buddy, sits next to her and sips his coffee quiet Baby sits at the back of class, earphones in and shades s on. The goofy kid has disappeared, the stoic, poker faced has returned. The beefy guy, Griff, glowers at him.
8) 16) dialog: (half listening) Love reggae.
8) 20) dialog: Griff.
9) 0) text: ‘Secondo Intermezzo Pop’ by Ennio Morricone. Baby travels with Griff, Darling, Buddy and Doc in a pack elevator. All five of them clutch HOLDALLS. Darling is all over Buddy. Smooching and laughing. (The 2 age gap between them is a_ little much.)
9) 1) dialog: Well isn’t this quite the squeeze?
9) 10) dialog: Hey, what’s that song? (sings) “Love in an elevator”
9) 12) dialog: Riiight. PING. The elevator hits P2. Buddy salutes Doc.
43) 2) dialog: You know who else does that exact same thing? Barbra Streisand. Bats takes offense at this. Stares at Darling.
43) 38) dialog: What’s funny?
44) 9) dialog: We've role-played this a lot.
44) 17) dialog: “Nowhere to run to Baby!" For once, everyone in the car is enjoying the music. Ever except Baby, who looks like he wants to be somewhere, any else. On the line “I know you know you're no good for me", Baby at Bats, a dread descending. Bats motions to pull over.
45) 5) dialog: He don’t mind. And I never seen you complain when I put on a show before. (another noisy smooch) How much do you think there’s going to be tomorrow?
45) 7) dialog: Hey, blame it all on me why don’t cha? You got a problem too. (to Baby) This one has a gambling problem too.
45) 9) dialog: Fine, we both have a gaming problem. See? That don’t sound so bad.
45) 12) dialog: Oh hey baby. Was going ask, what’s a good Egyptian reggae song?
46) 1) dialog: The one glove? Is that a Michael Jackson thing?
46) 5) dialog: You not worried you’1l get recognized?
47) 4) dialog: Oh please.
47) 6) dialog: It ain’t a million miles away. Baby takes the pistol, just as they come within shouting of the men gathered around the crates. The tallest of the ‘Farmers’, ARMIE, a thick-necked giant straight at Baby, with his earphones in and shades on.
47) 34) dialog: Yeah, what if they recognized us?
49) 25) dialog: I will have you know I was a feature dancer, not a lap dancer. 70.
49) 27) dialog: It means my name was on the marquee. And I could charge quadruple for dances.
49) 33) dialog: What makes you say that?
49) 40) dialog: Are you two fucking? Or you were fucking? You fucked her and didn’t call her back. Or she didn’t call. Something’s up. I can definitely smell fuck in the air. Baby goes red. Wants to curl up and die.
50) 0) text: Doc enters. He’s instantly aware of - A mood. And three camps. Bats on the opposite side of the to Buddy and Darling, while Baby lies on his makeshift be another part of the room, facing away. His headphones are
50) 14) dialog: Riiight.
51) 0) text: ‘Ready Let’s Go’ by Boards of Canada. 62 76. Some time later. Doc is gone. Bats sleeps in a chair. Bud Darling curl up on a couch. Baby quickly gathers his things in the dark. And sneaks o
53) 6) dialog: Didn’t Doc work with his Dad?
53) 8) dialog: I think he’s just acting the fool.
57) 5) dialog: Well hell, I like it. It’s funny. 69 81.
57) 13) dialog: Let him. So what? He recorded stuff. Big deal. I was kinda hoping someone got all the pork nonsense on tape because that was bananas. (..-)
59) 0) text: Doc enters to find Buddy, Darling & Bats dressed in civil attire for the robbery. They look weirdly normal.
60) 0) text: ‘Movement One’ by Herbie Flowers & Barry Morgan. PING. Buddy, Bats and Darling exit the elevator to find - A blue Mitsubishi Galant. Baby at the wheel. Eyes fixed f Hands ten to two. Music pumping on the stereo. The gang get in. Buddy and Darling in back. Bats in shotg Bats kills the stereo. Produces a coke spoon. Takes a big
61) 0) text: ‘Music For The Head Ballet’ by The Bonzo Dog Doo Dah Band A solo harpsichord plays a jolly fairground intro as the cruises down Century Boulevard. Very slowly. Baby listens to the music in his earphones as they reach intersection of Success Avenue. And find themselves in - Gridlock. Some construction is up ahead. It’s the middle school run. Cars slow to a stop. It’s a bad time for a ja 83. Baby signals, his indicator in sync with the 4/4 tempo. T track becomes a woozy waltz, repeating a ‘down then up’ p that goes around and around as the traffic maddens. The Galant idles in the left hand lane. Baby begins to sw Unsure of the neighborhood. The air con blasting. Bats’ cocaine seems to kick in, his restlessness changing simpatico of action and music from being magical to menac Buddy taps his fingers on a seat rest in time with the mu Darling flicks through the pages of a magazine, also in t Bats cocks and uncocks his shotgun in time. Baby eyes thi The whole hood is alive with incident, all in time with t track. Kids shouting. Angry neighbors. A police helicopte The sound of chopper blades prompts the gang to all look When they look back down a COP CAR is right alongside the Their next door neighbor in the traffic jam is THE POLICE
62) 7) dialog: Move! Bats POINTS the barrel of his shotgun at Baby’s head.
63) 0) text: The three of them disappear out of the back of the strip Ducking into to a back alley. The sound of police boots a screeching tires gaining on them. They pound along the alley. Baby is first, looking crazy his single lens sunglasses. He vaults over a chain link f and runs fast, leaving Darling and Buddy behind. He sails across a street, cars screeching around him. Hea a memorial park up ahead. Feet pounding. Guitars build. Baby runs fast and is out of control. He s into a middle aged male DOG WALKER on a snare hit. Drum solo. Baby hides in a clump of trees. Stops. Catches breath. His organs feel like they are in his mouth. Vocal section. Crazy yodelling. Hammond Organ. Baby looks around. Sees the police chasing Buddy and Darling on foot Black & Whites splitting every which way. Circling the pa 75 76 88. The vocalist begins a rising scream. Baby gears up. Knows cannot stop. Police are coming. Chopper blades are closin The dog walker is waving in the direction of the trees. Drum fill into driving heavy guitar. Baby makes a break. back into the sun. Cops are suddenly on his heels. One Bl White driving onto the park itself. Baby runs. Cops won’t shoot. There are too many people in park. Kids scream. Mothers yell. Hobos are tripped over. Hectic drum fills and snares build. Baby hotfoots it acro crosswalk, weaving through shoppers as he heads for a -
68) 0) text: Baby races into the full lot, shaking off his new injury. He zeroes in on models of cars from the pre-immobilizer e Spots a 91 Accord, a 95 Civic, a 2003 Corolla. As the cops burst into the parking lot, Baby disappears d amongst the parked cars, out of their view. While on the ground, he tries the doors of the nearest vehicles. Then, right in front on him. Cops. Run past on foot. Missing him. 90. Baby stands up and on the rising guitar chords, smashes a window of the nearest white Corolla with his elbow. CRASH. Baby messily smashes the window. He opens the door sits in the glass as a hectic drum solo plays. He tries to hot wire it. But the engine won’t kick over. He slumps down in his seat. Cops are running back and for The rising vocal section builds. Hits a peak. The engine fires up and Baby LURCHES forward. His seat be alarm chimes as he pulls a tight 90 degree turn. Cops spo Some fire. Sending other shoppers screaming. Baby roars forward in the Corolla, clipping trolleys and compacts as he goes. His wheels SCREAM as he settles into new car and turns perfect corners to get out of this maze As two guitars rapidly solo, Baby leaves the cops behind, snaking through the lot when - BOOM. He ploughs hard into a car that is reversing at spe It’s a grey Silverado with broken windows. In the front - BUDDY AND DARLING. No fucking way.
68) 3) dialog: Get us out of here Baby! This is your fucking mess. An LAPD bullhorn barks for them to put down their -— BRAT BRAT BRAT. Darling lets rip in the bullhorn’s direct Buddy is about to fire too, when return fire EXPLODES fro three cops using nearby parked cars as a blockade. Buddy ducks, but DARLING IS HIT. And HIT. And HIT. And HI gl. Baby is still in the car and can see two things. 1) DARLING’S BODY RIDDLED WITH BULLETS AND JERKING WILDLY 2) BUDDY’S FACE TURNING EXPRESSIONLESS, EYES SEEING RED. The bullets stop. Darling drops DEAD. The bullhorn resume