34) 23) dialog: The Beck one? Yes, except I’m ‘d-e-b-o- r-a’ and I think that’s just ‘d-e-b-r- a’.
34) 25) dialog: It goes-— (sings just beautifully) ‘I met you at J.C. Penny, I think your nametag, said Jenny’.
34) 27) dialog: Yeah, the song is about him wanting to get with Jenny and her sister too, whose name is Debra. So it’s not even really about me, it’s about the sister. My sister’s name is Mary. (MORE)
34) 29) dialog: She’s got all the songs. ‘Mary, Mary where you going to’, ‘Proud Mary keep on burning’, ‘Mary, you shouldn’t let ‘em make you mad’. She’s got me beat. Again. She’s got endless songs. I got one.
34) 31) dialog: What’s the other one?
34) 33) dialog: Who by?
34) 35) dialog: T-Rex? I know ‘em, but I don’t know that one. How does it go?
34) 37) dialog: I like it so far.
34) 39) dialog: A zeb-orah?
34) 41) dialog: Hey, I guess I am wearing black and white. So you can call me Dee-bra.
34) 43) dialog: You have that iPod the other day?
34) 45) dialog: You have different color iPods for different days, different moods?
34) 47) dialog: This a pink and glittery day for you?
34) 49) dialog: What is your name?
34) 51) dialog: Your name is ‘Baby’? ‘B-A-B-Y, Baby’?
34) 53) dialog: Well then you have us all beat. Every song is about you!
34) 55) dialog: Did your Mom call you Baby?
34) 57) dialog: She used to work here?
34) 59) dialog: Oh wow. I like to think I can sing. But I am not a pro or anything. What does she do now?
34) 62) dialog: How about you play it for me sometime when I don’t gotta rush off. Deal?
34) 64) dialog: Now you know what you want yet? Baby knows what he wants. Her.
35) 0) text: ‘Debora’ by T-Rex. Baby sits in a Red Chrysler Lebaron singing along. Loudly of his window, he sees the real Debora leave work. She briefly shoots a look Baby’s way. He ducks. 41 INT. BABY’S BATHROOM - EVENING 4l ...then resurfaces wet to sing along with ‘Debora’. Again Baby is in the bath. The song echoes around the tiles. It being played on a battered iPod speaker dock. Baby goofs to the track in the bath, in his own mini musical.
36) 0) text: ‘Debora’ still plays. Baby dances around the living room. 40. The Elderly Man is in his chair, looking more and more li piece of the furniture. He watches the local news again w subtitles. We see that THE MARINE is being interviewed wh Baby switches the channels to ‘Jeopardy’. Then Baby resumes singing with ‘Debora’ again, leading in ‘DEBORA’ ON REPEAT MONTAGE: The song scores Baby’s night. - Baby flicks through an address book. Empty except for ‘ see ‘DOC’ and his phone number written in a scrawl. - Baby adds the name ‘Debora’. Under, he draws a question - Baby plays dialogue on his recorder in time with ‘Debor
36) 2) dialog: Yes, you can. VEEEEEP. He rewinds this. Plays it again. - Baby uses a twin deck cassette recorder to edit dialogu see stacks of TDK D90s and TDK D30s audio tapes. - Using the pause, play and record buttons on the twin de has edited a conversation with Debora to say - DEBORA (ON TAPE) (CONT’D) Sometimes I’d like to just take off.
36) 4) dialog: Yessir. I got all the time in the world. - Baby sits back in a chair and listens to this dialogue loop. It’s now the dead of night. He is alone when - The phone rings. FLASHES. Baby stares. Doesn’t pick up. - Baby sits on the bathroom floor. He lip syncs along to ‘Debora’ with gusto, as if driving other concerns out. - Baby peers back into the main room. Two things. One. Sunlight floods in. He has clearly not slept again. 43 44 41. Two. The phone is still FLASHING. Baby doesn’t pick up. - Baby sits at his bedroom window, looks out at the city. Mouthing along with ‘Debora’ again. - The phone FLASHES again. Baby is not present. We see th Elderly Man rise slowly out of his chair to answer. Baby runs out of the bedroom. Motions ‘No’. Stops him. He watches the phone FLASH. ‘Debora’ echoes around the ro
38) 1) dialog: Hey Baby. She’s here. The dream come true.
38) 3) dialog: I can see. What’s up?
38) 5) dialog: Well, what you listening to?
38) 7) dialog: Well, duh. 42. Baby smarts a little at this. Debora stops herself.
38) 8) dialog: Wait, I take that back. I guess not everyone listens to music. Could be a podcast or an audiobook. Hell, I get to sleep listening to whale song. Never even seen a whale but I sleep with one.
38) 10) dialog: Ike and Tina Turner huh?
38) 12) dialog: Half. Like Tina. Don’t like Ike. He’s a bad man. Don’t like bad men.
38) 14) dialog: Why, do you?
38) 16) dialog: I don’t need bad people in my life. Or my ears. I’1l stick with the whale. Debora sees she has lost Baby’s attention.
38) 17) dialog: Is that your Dad?
38) 19) dialog: Hey, why don’t I give you a minute to decide. Baby pauses his music. We hear that FAINT UNSETTLING HUM.
48) 0) text: The foursome drive in the newly acquired SUV. All are sil Bats is still jonesing from the previous encounter. Baby drives past his usual DINER and subtly looks in to s Debora is working. Before he can establish this -
49) 10) dialog: Can I get you anything to drink?
49) 12) dialog: Three cokes. This strikes Darling as odd. She looks at Baby, who stare at his menu. When Debora leaves, Bats continues.
49) 36) dialog: What can I get you to eat?
49) 39) dialog: Maybe your friend would like to fill out a suggestion slip and tell us how we could improve our service. Debora puts their check on the table and leaves without l at Baby. Darling guesses something’s up.
49) 45) dialog: Hey, you left your - Baby doesn’t look back. Carries on walking out. Debora looks down to see. Cued up on the iPod. ‘Debora’. She looks at Baby silently depart. She’s worried for him.
78) 0) text: Baby walks in. Takes his shades off. Leaves his earphones Debora sees him. Looks surprised to see him.
78) 2) dialog: Your buddy is here... She looks to the rest room. Baby follows her gaze. BUDDY stands outside the rest room door. His eyes are bla seems like he’s in monochrome, grief and rage making him scary shell of his former self. Aside from the three of them, the diner is empty. With Ba White still playing, this quiet stand off feels operatic. A flute flourish. Baby and Buddy stand still. No one make move. Buddy stares right through his former colleague. Debora, breathing fast. Looks between them, then to the T 99. On the wall mounted TV, THE NEWS. There’s photos and full for Bats (Leo Brubaker III) and Darling (Monica Rosen). For Buddy, a photo, a full name and an angle (James Patri Morgan: ‘Former Wall Street Trader Wanted For Cop Killing Baby only has a sketchy artist’s rendering of his face. Buddy and Baby fixate on the news coverage, when - RED AND BLUE LIGHTS reflect on the diner windows. COP CAR CIRCLE. One cruises in. Parks right next to Baby’s car. Buddy calmly walks back to his spot at the counter. Baby joins him. They sit on stools next to each other. Outside. One cop stays by the car on the radio, the other officer moves slowly towards the diner doors. Buddy shows Debora his gun over the counter and nods to her. She nods back and pours Buddy some more coffee. As Debora pours, Baby makes eye contact with her as Barry sings.
87) 0) text: Debora is behind her counter, about to start her day. The still has non-stop news coverage of the events of the las hours, but again the sound is down. The news reports show an artist impression of Baby. But n name. He is a mystery man. Debora picks up an LA Times also with the sketch of Baby cover and shakes her head. She can’t believe it. Then - BABY walks in. Limping. Cut. Bruised. He seems different. Debora freezes. Her fellow staff don’t see Baby yet and d connect the man from the TV or paper to the one who just walked up to the counter. Baby tells Debora quietly but f
87) 2) dialog: Go?
87) 4) dialog: Okay. Gimme a second. Debora turns away and taking a pen out of her hair, quick scribbles something on her order pad. She leaves it on th counter as she walks out of the diner. It reads - ‘Help?’
88) 0) text: Baby takes Debora to his car. A battered white ‘95 Cadill Eldorado convertible. Opens the door for her like a gentl What’s more, he opens with his bad hand, no longer in his jacket. She notices he isn’t armed, but still gets in. Baby sits in the driver’s seat. Looks at Debora. She look him expectantly. He looks at her, goofily happy. She looks back into the diner. Colleagues have noticed sh gone. And left with him. And still Baby smiles back at he
88) 1) dialog: Are we not in a rush? Baby cocks his head, like he doesn’t hear. She repeats.
88) 2) dialog: Are we in a rush?
88) 5) dialog: Yes. Yes I do. Baby doesn’t seem to think anything of it. In fact, we as audience have never seen him happier. He’s beaming. Debora settles a little, she doesn’t know where they are but it isn’t fast. This is a Sunday afternoon drive, not getaway. As the song settles into a slow soft toned guita solo, she finds herself looking at the scenery. As horns return, she sees them first. BLACK & WHITES. In her wing mirror. The glass reverberate the bass of the loud music, distorting their image. Baby sees them too. In the rear view. He simply sighs as begin to crest over on a hill. And then on a mellow sax - ROAD BLOCK dead ahead. Police as far as the eye can see. gasps. It’s a surprise party. But not a fun one. Baby slows. Behind, the police cars block off the street. pedestrians and other cars have magically vanished. It's just Baby, Debora and the cops. Baby stops. As he puts the stick into reverse, he looks t Debora. She has her eyes tightly closed. Her fingers clut ‘oh shit’ handle. When she opens her eyes again, they are with moisture. She’s scared. 117. He doesn’t want her to be scared. He turns the engine off magically, the music continues for our benefit. To Debora’s amazement, Baby gets out of the car and walks toward the cops, hands on his head. Quincy Jones has completely taken over and we cannot hear harsh shouting of the police as they approach Baby from a sides, guns trained, barking instruction. On Debora, she’s relieved, confused and... conflicted? To us the image of the cops approaching feels very surrea unlike the opening credits, the police are the only ones time with the music, approaching Baby in step with Quincy Baby takes off his jacket to show he is unarmed. With jus shirt and jeans on, he looks like what he is, a kid. He turns back to her and mouths -
88) 7) dialog: No! MONTAGE: The following is set to the supremely upbeat ‘La Bossa Nova'. In this sequence, everyone is in time with t beat, except a beaten, bruised and defeated Baby. - We see Baby’s mug-shot taken. - Baby in court being sentenced. - We see Debora on the witness stand. Swearing an oath. - Baby in shackles, walking with other prisoners. - Baby on a prison bus driving north. - Baby arriving at the big house. - Baby being given his new clothes. 103 104 118. - Baby walking with a guard down a concrete corridor. - Baby being shown to his 9’ by 5’ prison cell. He takes living quarters. His ELDERLY CELLMATE is roughly the age Joseph. His new one room apartment. The song fades out. As he sits alone with his thoughts, w left with Baby's buzz of deafness. - Time passes. Baby navigates prison life. - Through the buzz, we see Baby focus on anything that ha visual rhythm. People doing jumping jacks in the yard. A shutting cell doors at night. People sparring in the gym. Someone mopping the floor. - We see him in the machine shop, hypnotized by a metal stamping contraption. Other inmates working here wear eye ear protection. Baby only has the protective visor on. He stares at the machine, nodding as if listening to danc music. Tries to get lost in the rhythm of the machine. INT. BABY’S CELL - DAY 103 On Baby, sitting alone in his cell, staring out to nothin guard comes past and hands him an envelope. Inside is a postcard with a 50s style illustration of a y couple in a classic convertible, just like the artwork in diner. Also inside, a beautiful, neatly handwritten lette But first Baby notices: The scent. He sniffs, inhales the perfume on the letter. When he sto cocks an ear at the faint sound of burning rubber.
89) 3) dialog: I found another Debora song. It’s by Dave Edmunds. The lyrics say she’s a ‘heart breaking, love making connoisseur’ and frankly she sounds like a bad person, so I am discounting it. Hope this finds you okay. Maybe drive off another time? D.” Baby closes his eyes. Hears the sweet music of automobile
90) 0) text: ‘Baby Driver’ by Simon & Garfunkel. Baby walks out of the prison gates into the sunshine. Wai for him is a smiling DEBORA. Looking adorable but- She is wearing 50s dress; bobby socks, pleated skirt, whi blouse, cardigan over the shoulders, just like the young in the artwork from the postcard. She stands before a gleaming classic convertible, a white Cadillac Eldorado. She opens the passenger door for Baby. Baby walks over to the car. He is now also wearing 50s cl looking like the young man from the diner artwork. Baby jumps in. Debora pops it in drive. They kiss and the out on the open road.