8) 0) text: ‘Egyptian Reggae’ by Jonathan Richman & The Modern Lovers Coffee is drunk. Cash split. The gang are in a garment warehouse space with some vintage sewing desks. On a large table in the middle. DOC, an older (60s), silv haired, very well-dressed man, counts out the day’s haul. Darling, fixes herself up (down?), now looking trashier t before. Buddy, sits next to her and sips his coffee quiet Baby sits at the back of class, earphones in and shades s on. The goofy kid has disappeared, the stoic, poker faced has returned. The beefy guy, Griff, glowers at him.
8) 2) dialog: Baby? Full cut. Same as everyone. Doc is brusque, seems irritated at answering any question
8) 4) dialog: Retarded means slow. Was he slow?
8) 6) dialog: Then he don’t sound retarded to me. Doc smiles for a second. Then resumes counting.
8) 8) dialog: There’s nothing wrong with some quiet.
8) 10) dialog: (makes a zip-it motion) Hey! I’m going to lose count. Griff swaggers over to Baby, who taps his fingers on the to ‘Egyptian Reggae’ on his iPod. Griff observes for a while, then holds down his tapping h Baby slowly takes his hand away. Now his feet tap in time
8) 22) dialog: Will you cut it out!
8) 25) text: Would I vouch for him if he wasn’t? Doc leaves to go to the bathroom. Griff shouts after.
9) 0) text: ‘Secondo Intermezzo Pop’ by Ennio Morricone. Baby travels with Griff, Darling, Buddy and Doc in a pack elevator. All five of them clutch HOLDALLS. Darling is all over Buddy. Smooching and laughing. (The 2 age gap between them is a_ little much.)
9) 4) dialog: Jesus. You're mad dogging him.
9) 16) dialog: Don’t listen to him. Baby then speaks his first words to any of ‘the gang’.
10) 0) text: PING. Baby and Doc exit into a cavernous parking lot. The over to Doc’s shiny Black Merc. Doc opens the trunk.
10) 1) dialog: Now you know I don’t like taking candy from Baby, but... 13 14 12. Doc holds out his hand. Baby gives him his holdall. Doc t out one stack of bills and throws both bags in the trunk.
10) 2) dialog: Didn't want to embarrass you in front of the gang. When we’re square we’ll work out a new deal. Deal?
10) 4) dialog: Don’t go crazy with that. I want you back behind the wheel and soon. I’11 call you. Doc pulls out. Leaves Baby all alone.
13) 1) dialog: Was he slow?
20) 0) text: ‘Supervillain Theme’ by Madvillain. Doc (0.S.) I need you to drive me to an appointment and I need you to look smart. Over the phone conversation, we see Baby in a cavernous discount menswear store in Santee Alley, garment district It appears that we’re in the store after hours and that D very much in charge. He may be the owner as he has severa age lackeys helping Baby try out some smarter clothes.
20) 1) dialog: You got what it takes to be a chauffeur?
21) 0) text: ‘Marca A La Turca’ by La Tia Leonor Y Sus Sobrinos. Baby drives Doc’s Merc up to an equally smart restaurant. It’s a final sitting for dinner, not too busy. Baby sees booth full of SERIOUS LOOKING GUYS through the window. He wears his new black suit, shirt, tie, smart sunglasses driver gloves. Only one earphone is in. Doc sits in the b Baby pulls into a spot. A town car is parked alongside. 22. A valet opens the door. Doc leans over to Baby and whispe
21) 1) dialog: I won’t be long. In case of fire, there’s something in the glove. Doc gets out, leaving Baby staring at his gloves, intrigu There’s a hidden weapon in his gloves? Like in ‘Iron Man’ Baby then realizes Doc meant the glove compartment. He op that to sees a PISTOL inside. He closes the glove again. He looks over to the restaurant. Three WELL DRESSED TOUGH in a booth with their backs to the wall. They greet Doc w cordial hugs. They look like gangsters. Or ex-cops. As they talk we only see the back of Doc’s head. Their conversation cannot be heard but it syncs perfectly with music in Baby's ears: a wonky sixties cover of Mozart's P Sonata in A Major. The four men discuss something important. Through Baby’s their hushed talk is scored by the piano music. A 4 bar m represents one guy talking, the next 4 bars in a higher o represent a second guy. The meeting continues in time wit descending piano scales. A piece of paper is passed to Doc across the table, Baby to mouth along with what he imagines the conversation to mimicking the facial expressions of the three toughs. As he fully commits to this silly charade the window of t ADJACENT CAR winds down and a POKER FACED CHAUFFEUR looks across at Baby, acting like a goof. Baby stops. The chaffeur then winds his window back up. Then, in perfect sync with a celebratory end to the track walks out of the front door of the restaurant. Doc jumps in, slams the door on the closing note of the s
21) 2) dialog: So I got us a job. You in?
21) 4) dialog: It was a rhetorical question Baby. You’re in. 26 23.
22) 0) text: ‘Kashmere’ by The Kashmere Stage Band. Baby walks in with Doc. We see what he sees. Three new colleagues. Three hardened criminals. Meet EDDIE, J.D. an BATS.
22) 1) dialog: Meet the new cast. All 30s, all formidable male specimens. Eddie is a slab o white muscle with a discolored band-aid on his nose. J.D. long haired, dopey faced Korean, covered in tattoos.
22) 2) dialog: This is Eddie No Nose. Formerly Eddie The Nose.
22) 5) dialog: And that’s J.D. He put the Asian in home invasion. And Bats there- Bats is an intense dude, mixed race, wiry with piercing e and permanent grin. He wears a leather glove on one hand.
22) 11) dialog: He doesn’t phone it in. J.D. Phones don’t phone it in, huh?
22) 13) dialog: He won’t disappoint.
22) 15) dialog: I'd put money on any of you fucking up, before Baby puts a step wrong. J.D. Baby steps, right?
22) 18) dialog: He’s got tinnitus.
22) 20) dialog: Had an accident when he was a kid. Something went pop in his ear. (MORE)
22) 22) dialog: Still got a hum in the drum. Plays music round the clock to drown it out. J.D. Hum-drum, huh? Baby doesn’t react to them talking about the accident. He distracted by one of J.D’s tattoos that reads ‘Hat’.
22) 26) dialog: So. Let’s talk shop. (clicks fingers at Baby) Baby, you with us? Again, Baby doesn’t directly answer. We CUT TO-
23) 0) text: ‘Unsquare Dance’ by Dave Brubeck. Over a strong bass line, hand claps and snare drums - Doc relates a plan to the four strong team. Some of it is illustrated on the chalkboard. We see everyone, except Ba listen as Doc relays details of masks, timings, routes et Baby sits at the back again. The music in his ears fully out any dialogue. But he watches their lips. There is a TOY CAR on the table next to some floorplans. absent mindedly plays with it as he taps his foot. 28 26. The song finishes. Doc finishes. Bats’ hand shoots up.
23) 2) dialog: Baby?
23) 4) dialog: That’s my Baby.
29) 0) text: Pulls up to a sharp stop back at Doc’s. Baby got the gang of a mess. But he is not as calm as before, he’s sweating
31) 0) text: Doc divides up the take in front of the gang. Baby walks in, handing out black coffees. To Doc, to Eddie, to Bats, Baby looks for the missing team member. Doc catches it.
31) 1) dialog: Where’s J.D.? Eddie sips at his coffee. Bats sits back and stretches.
32) 0) text: PING. Baby exits the elevator with Doc. Both carry holdal Baby walks over to the Silver Aura. Stares at the trunk. doesn’t dare open it. We see a SMUDGE OF BLOOD on the lat Stay on Baby. Mesmerized. Horrified. Doc takes Baby’s Hol from his hands. Gives him a stack of bills in return.
32) 1) dialog: You’re nearly done Baby.
32) 3) dialog: One more job though. Lose this ride. SLAM. Baby shuts the door, sits in the car. Alone.
35) 0) text: ‘Debora’ by T-Rex. Baby sits in a Red Chrysler Lebaron singing along. Loudly of his window, he sees the real Debora leave work. She briefly shoots a look Baby’s way. He ducks. 41 INT. BABY’S BATHROOM - EVENING 4l ...then resurfaces wet to sing along with ‘Debora’. Again Baby is in the bath. The song echoes around the tiles. It being played on a battered iPod speaker dock. Baby goofs to the track in the bath, in his own mini musical.
36) 0) text: ‘Debora’ still plays. Baby dances around the living room. 40. The Elderly Man is in his chair, looking more and more li piece of the furniture. He watches the local news again w subtitles. We see that THE MARINE is being interviewed wh Baby switches the channels to ‘Jeopardy’. Then Baby resumes singing with ‘Debora’ again, leading in ‘DEBORA’ ON REPEAT MONTAGE: The song scores Baby’s night. - Baby flicks through an address book. Empty except for ‘ see ‘DOC’ and his phone number written in a scrawl. - Baby adds the name ‘Debora’. Under, he draws a question - Baby plays dialogue on his recorder in time with ‘Debor
39) 0) text: Baby walks up to Doc. Shades firmly on. The hum continues
39) 1) dialog: I called three times. Something wrong?
39) 3) dialog: What’s with you all of a sudden? You sweet on that waitress or something?
39) 5) dialog: Well, there’s good news and there’s good news. Good news is you’re paid in full. We’re all square. And then the good news is I got another job for ya. So maybe if you wanna get your waitress girlfriend there a rock or some fur, you’re gonna get a fat cut.
39) 7) dialog: «+-So, you in?
39) 9) dialog: One, don’t reply to my question with a question. Two, I ain’t in the habit of taking no for an answer. So, get in. I'm driving. Doc opens the passenger door. From inside, DEBORA puzzles this well dressed older man opening the door for Baby. Baby looks at Debora one last time, takes a breath. Then into the passenger seat. They disappear. 46
39) 11) dialog: You're not going to ask why?
39) 13) dialog: Why I’m driving?
39) 15) dialog: What I’m alluding to Baby, is that you don’t have to drive forever. You haven’t done me wrong yet, have you?
39) 17) dialog: No you haven't. I don’t think you have the fuck up gene. Not like your dad. Baby says nothing.
39) 18) dialog: You keep going like you’re going, you can leave the wheels behind some day. How does that sound?
39) 20) dialog: What don’t you know?
39) 22) dialog: And I ain’t seen you break a sweat doing it. I’m just saying, there’s other jobs in your future. If you want to shift up a gear. 47 45. Baby looks out of the window. Doc seems offended, then sm
39) 23) dialog: Sure. You can think about it first.
40) 0) text: Doc pulls into a unremarkable strip mall that houses a po office. Construction is occurring nearby. The noise is disorienting. It is hot outside. Sticky. Close.
40) 1) dialog: This place doesn’t get rolled as much as you’d think. Most people get scared off by the area. But we ain’t most people. (looks at watch) It will be ripe around this time tomorrow. So what do you say? You wanna go for third time lucky? Baby looks at the immediate area, feels uneasy. Turns to
40) 3) dialog: Sure you can. But I want you to do something for me right now. I want you to go in there. Make a note of the number and position of cameras, the number of registers open, number of employees and number of customers. Is there a guard? Is he armed? Is there bandit glass? You’re not a face so it will be cool. Here’s some currency to get changed. Take your buds out and shades off. Less suspicious. Baby does so.
40) 4) dialog: Oh and take him too. Doc motions to the backseat. There is an EIGHT YEAR OLD K sitting on the backseat. He has his own phones in, and is plugged into his PSP. He throws Baby a bored look. 48 46.
41) 26) dialog: So?
41) 29) dialog: Anything else?
41) 32) dialog: She did?
41) 34) dialog: Chips off the block. Doc smiles. Baby does too, but only for Doc’s benefit. Wh Baby looks out of the window, his expression clouds again
41) 35) dialog: So you think about it? 50 49.
42) 0) text: ‘Threshold’ by Steve Miller Band. CLUNK. The elevator doors close on Baby and Doc like a pr cell. Baby looks trapped as he and Doc go up in the world
42) 1) dialog: My offer.
42) 3) dialog: I’m thinking about your future. Are you?
42) 5) dialog: And I don’t offer these positions lightly Baby. You wouldn’t want me to be offended would you?
42) 7) dialog: It’s just when I give you something nice, maybe try and help you out of your situation and you go off day dreaming, I feel like I should go fuck myself. Doc smiles broadly. This is somehow much worse. Baby take breath, takes his shades off and says the following.
42) 9) dialog: Well, good. CLANK. The elevator reaches their floor. The doors open.
43) 0) text: Walking through the doorway of Doc’s warehouse, we see wh 51.
43) 40) dialog: I need eyes and ears open, people.
43) 42) dialog: Watts. That’s what’s happening.
44) 0) text: ‘This Is Soul’ by Paul Nero. Doc relates the plan on the chalkboard. Again Baby drowns with incongruously jazzy music in his ears. This time Baby only half watches. He looks up at the ligh blots them out with his fingers in time with the music. H plays with TOY CARS on the table. But makes them CRASH in another. The song ends as Doc wraps up. 55.
44) 1) dialog: You get all that Baby? All eyes are on Baby to reiterate the plan. But he is not impressive as before, stuttering through the following.
44) 3) dialog: Money order machine.
44) 5) dialog: And for the icing on top?
44) 7) dialog: You missed stuff. Baby goes red. Like a child embarrassed in front of class
44) 11) dialog: And the guns?
44) 14) dialog: And then what are you going to do? Baby stalls. Doc is disappointed. Becomes more intense.
44) 15) dialog: You're going to stay here tonight. There’s a lot of heat around and we need to mix up our routines. So you guys better learn to live together. Bats breaks into a wide toothy grin.
50) 0) text: Doc enters. He’s instantly aware of - A mood. And three camps. Bats on the opposite side of the to Buddy and Darling, while Baby lies on his makeshift be another part of the room, facing away. His headphones are
50) 1) dialog: Who died?
50) 3) dialog: I count four. Something happen I should know about?
50) 5) dialog: Trouble?
50) 7) dialog: This going to bite me in the ass? Buddy and Darling say nothing. Bats grins wide.
50) 9) dialog: You three?
50) 11) dialog: Something wrong with Baby? He’s been a problem?
50) 16) dialog: A waitress, huh?
50) 18) dialog: What are you worried about other than him turning left, him turning right and him knowing when the light turns green?
50) 20) dialog: That ain’t gonna happen. He squeals on the asphalt not to the cops.
50) 22) dialog: Hey mouth, if you can’t take my fucking word for something, get back in the elevator. I’'ll bet that kid started earlier than any of you. You ever hear of the Pacific Ghost?
50) 24) dialog: Used to bait cops by zooming through Malibu speed traps. Going 100 mph with his headlights off, brake lights disconnected. Begging the police to chase him. Then leaving ‘em in the dust. That was our boy.
50) 26) dialog: Like I said, that was our boy. He's been boosting cars since he was old enough to see over the dash.
50) 28) dialog: He stole a Merc of mine. With a ton of my merch in it. I saw him do it too. I didn't stop him right away either, because I was just like - the balls on this kid. (MORE )
50) 30) dialog: He didn’t know who I was or what he was stealing but when I finally tracked him down I made sure to tell him who I was, what I do and what I am capable of. And he went on to pay me off and show me what he’s capable of. I figured if he likes to joy ride so much, we might as well make some money from it. We see Baby is awake and listening through the partition.
50) 31) dialog: Turns out his dad used to work for me way back. But that kid is a better criminal than his father ever was. Baby is going to do a great job tomorrow. And you are going come right back here and apologize to me. You mark my words. Baby hears this, but doesn’t want to. He CLOSES HIS EYES.
51) 0) text: ‘Ready Let’s Go’ by Boards of Canada. 62 76. Some time later. Doc is gone. Bats sleeps in a chair. Bud Darling curl up on a couch. Baby quickly gathers his things in the dark. And sneaks o
53) 1) dialog: What are you worried about other than him turning left, him turning right and him knowing when the light turns green?
59) 0) text: Doc enters to find Buddy, Darling & Bats dressed in civil attire for the robbery. They look weirdly normal.
59) 1) dialog: Where’s Baby?
79) 0) text: “3108045898” Baby punches the number into a call box phone. He’s in th near his old apartment block. That area is cordoned and swarming with cops. As the phone rings he looks at his immediate environment. It’s populated by the homeless and looking to get high. The summer air thick with noise. Snatches of unfamiliar music. Car alarms. Partying. The s omnipresent sound of nearby chopper blades. Baby wants out. The phone picks up at the other end. Doc (0.S.) I ain’t open. 91
79) 4) dialog: It don’t work like that. You got another debt now. One you can’t pay off. You think the cops are gonna take a check? Think that Buddy has a figure in mind that can replace Darling? None of this is going to go away because you don’t wanna play anymore. Whether you pulled the trigger or not, cops are dead. You are not going to get cuffed, they are going to kill you. Whether you shot her or not, someone’s girl is dead. He is not going to forget it.
79) 6) dialog: And don’t give me any more lines from ‘Monsters Inc’ kid. Yeah, I figured that one out. It’s one of Samm’s favorites. I thought it sounded familiar, you little shit.
79) 8) dialog: You there? 101. 91 102.
79) 10) dialog: I know you did. I know you did. (beat) Look, the cops are not going anywhere and I don’t think it’s in you to take Buddy’s wind, so the only good news is you like driving. Because you're going to have to hit the gas and not take your foot off for 20 years.
79) 12) dialog: Listen. I’m shutting up shop. And real soon. Too much bad business. Not my style. But I think I can help you. So here's what we are going to do - A noise off. Doc’s manner suddenly changes.
79) 13) dialog: You're going to go to the florist’s first thing tomorrow and you’re gonna drop off the flowers to my mother. Big arrangement, I don’t know all the names, whatever you think looks good. Get them to her before ten. She’s gotta go out. What? Baby is confused on his end of the phone.
79) 14) dialog: Card should read ‘Congratulations on this special day. All my love, your favorite son, Harry’. On Doc’s end we see, out of focus, behind. BUDDY.
79) 15) dialog: Any problems. You got my number. Doc hangs up. Senses someone behind him. Plays it cool. T to see the ashen faced, dangerous Buddy.
79) 17) dialog: Who? Baby?
79) 19) dialog: You think I know where he is? He could be anywhere.
79) 21) dialog: You saw him last, not me.
79) 23) dialog: (calm, strong) I know that you’re hurting. And I know that you want to kill Baby. Maybe you think killing him will fill that hole inside you. That you can mend your bleeding heart by stopping his. And you want me to help you do it. But I ain’t going to do that Buddy. Because I am not your doctor... Even though my name is Doc. Buddy looks at him, unblinking.
79) 25) dialog: Yeah. That’s that. 104.
80) 0) text: Baby sits on a low wall, deciphering that last phone call has a portable cassette player and rewinds Doc’s command.
80) 1) dialog: You're going to go to the florist's first thing tomorrow and you're gonna drop off the flowers to my mother. (rewind) You're going to go to the florist's first thing tomorrow. (rewind) You're going to go to the florist's- Baby stops the tape. It makes no sense to him. He looks a him. The world feels so alien without music. He sees the auto reverse button. He pushes it. The tape f He hears from way earlier.
83) 0) text: The warehouse door is open. Baby walks in. He sees- DOC IS DEAD. Shirt soaked in blood. Lying in an ignominio ungraceful heap on the floor. Baby stops the music and stares. We hear the hum of his tinnitus. He also sees the chalkboard. It has been wiped