1) 0) text: Play is pressed on an iPod Classic. A rock track starts u It’s very loud. It’s awesome. ‘Bellbottoms’ by the Jon Spencer Blues Explosion. On high strings and a guitar stab we see the driver. Young, baby faced. Short cropped hair. He wears mostly bl Sports cheap gas station shades. This is BABY. We can’t see his eyes, but his blank expression seems pre stoic. He listens to the track, stares out the windshield On a 2nd guitar stab we see a beefy (30s) tough guy in sh This is GRIFF. He too wears shades, black business clothe On a 3rd stab we see another black clad gentleman. (40s) handsome, but looks like he parties too hard. This is BUD On a final stab we see the last shades wearing black clad passenger, a younger lady (20s) with her hair up. This is DARLING. There’s a hint of trash beneath her business clo The high strings crescendo. Griff flings his door wide op
2) 0) text: The track kicks in. We see the car is a shiny red Honda C and note the door chimes are in time with the song. Choppy strings play against guitar riffs as GRIFF gets ou see a shotgun partially concealed in his trench coat. BUDDY and DARLING get out. We glimpse they are also armed pops the trunk. Grabs two duffels. Hands one to Darling. We see they all wear sneakers as they walk away from the sync with the track. Again. It’s awesome. But we stay wit BABY: our young driver. Hands fixed on the wheel. Ten to Watching his colleagues disappearing inside a ‘CHASE’ ban The song pauses for two bars. When it kicks back in, our driver suddenly drops the stro silent tough guy act and comes to glorious, joyous life. Nodding his head. Swaying in his seat. Mouthing the vocal slave to the rhythm. He doesn’t miss a beat. It’s cool, b He’s also like a big kid in front of his bedroom mirror. drums on the dash, we see shoppers pass, other cars cruis Baby is so immersed in the track, he flicks on the wipers swipe across the dry glass in perfect sync. A mother with a stroller passes. The infant inside notice rocking out in his car. Baby waves. The infant smiles. Then he instinctively looks in his rear view. A BLACK & W POLICE CRUISER, sirens blaring, races up the street behin Baby turns to watch the police car drive up and past. A pause in the music. The police car doesn’t return. An urgent bass line. Baby looks to the bank. His goofy ch dance is over. He’s stone faced and _all business again. Over distorted guitars, our driver watches through partia frosted windows. Sees his colleagues ordering staff to hi floor. Glimpses scared faces, the brandishing of weapons. The song reaches an interlude; a vocal comes in and Baby syncs every word as his eyes stay fixed on the bank.
4) 0) text: MASS HONKS as Baby blows through a intersection. Disappea an alley, weaving these back routes like a savant. As sirens and choppers’ blades ebb away a little, we see ease it down, a rising bass riff signals a sneaking appro He slows to see if any cruisers cross by ahead. One polic cruiser glides by, sirens off. Baby waits on the bass rif again. Then floors it when the coast’s clear. And suddenl They pull into a covered parking lot underneath a quiet s complex and pull up next to a green Toyota Corolla. And like that, the gang leap out of the Civic and into th car, money and guns covered up. The gang swap places. Buddy and Griff in the back. Baby s Darling drives. Lets her hair down. Pulls on a colorful s Baby closes his eyes, pretends to be asleep as Darling ro into the white of morning and the Blues Explosion echoes And the first musical number is over. That was something.
8) 0) text: ‘Egyptian Reggae’ by Jonathan Richman & The Modern Lovers Coffee is drunk. Cash split. The gang are in a garment warehouse space with some vintage sewing desks. On a large table in the middle. DOC, an older (60s), silv haired, very well-dressed man, counts out the day’s haul. Darling, fixes herself up (down?), now looking trashier t before. Buddy, sits next to her and sips his coffee quiet Baby sits at the back of class, earphones in and shades s on. The goofy kid has disappeared, the stoic, poker faced has returned. The beefy guy, Griff, glowers at him.
8) 3) dialog: No I mean, is he retarded?
8) 5) dialog: No...
8) 7) dialog: I don’t know. There’s something wrong with him not saying anything.
8) 9) dialog: I’m just saying it weirds me -
8) 11) dialog: What you listening to? No answer. Griff takes out one of Baby’s earphones.
8) 12) dialog: What are you listening to Baby? No answer. Griff looks at Baby’s iPod. Drops it with a sc
8) 15) dialog: I just wanna know what’s going in his head. Aside from ‘Egyptian Reggae’.
8) 18) dialog: I think he thinks he’s better than us, Buddy. Wants to keep his white shirt clean while we plays dirty. Griff snatches off Baby’s shades. We see Baby’s baby blue the first time. He looks so fresh faced, so young.
8) 19) dialog: It don’t work like that. Someday you'll get blood on your hands and find out it don’t wash off in the fucking sink.
8) 21) dialog: Hey Darling, he wants to hang with the older kids, he’s going to hear some grown up words. Like ‘fuck’. Griff does a boo scare on Baby. He doesn’t flinch.
8) 24) dialog: Hey, I ain’t saying he’s not great. Boy’s a star, right? Doc puts Baby’s cut in a holdall and brings it over to hi
8) 25) text: Would I vouch for him if he wasn’t? Doc leaves to go to the bathroom. Griff shouts after.
8) 26) dialog: Hey I’m just checking he’s gonna be okay out in the world. You know, since he’s the only one in here not packing. Smiling, Griff takes out his revolver, puts it on the des Baby looks at the revolver, but doesn’t show any emotion.
8) 27) dialog: Take it. There’s bad people around.
8) 29) dialog: Don’t want it? Say I took your share, walked out? How you gonna stop me? I wanna see you stop me. Darling and Buddy exchange glances as Griff playfully swi Baby’s holdall and walks slowly away towards the door.
8) 30) dialog: C’mon. Don’t let me get away. Baby looks at Griff, then the revolver. Griff laughs.
8) 31) dialog: Do it Baby. I’m a real bad guy. Baby looks up at the ceiling. Griff is insulted.
8) 32) dialog: Okay. Enough games. 11 10. Griff huffs, reluctantly puts the money back in the holda Baby quietly puts his shades back on again, retreats.
9) 0) text: ‘Secondo Intermezzo Pop’ by Ennio Morricone. Baby travels with Griff, Darling, Buddy and Doc in a pack elevator. All five of them clutch HOLDALLS. Darling is all over Buddy. Smooching and laughing. (The 2 age gap between them is a_ little much.)
9) 3) dialog: You still mad-dogging me boy? Doc snaps, Darling and Buddy sigh, tired of this shit.
9) 6) dialog: Kid's gotta grow up sometime.
9) 8) dialog: Right here. Griff makes a move, looking to Doc.
9) 9) dialog: Okay folks, if you don’t hear from me. It’s because I’m dead. 12 11. Griff exits the frame and the movie. He’s never seen agai The doors close and Darling laughs at the release of tens The lift descends. Buddy and Darling kiss again.
13) 2) dialog: No. VEEEEEP. Baby rewinds this. Listens again.