0) 29) dialog: How much more of these jew swine must I endure? They butcher my men like they were fish bait! This pack of filthy degenerates, are doing what the Russian army didn't, and Patton's army couldn't. Turning soldiers of The Third Reich, into superstitious old women!
0) 31) dialog: No, no, no, no, no, no! I have heard the rumors myself! Solders of The Third Reich, who have brought the world to there knee`s, now pecking and clucking like chickens. Do you know the latest rumor they've conjured up, in their fear induced delirium? The one that beats my boys with a bat. The one they call "The Bear Jew"...is a Golem. A avenging jew angel, conjured up by a vengeful rabbi, to smite the Aryans!
0) 33) dialog: Why not? They seem to be able to elude capture like a aberration. They seem to be able to appear and disappear at will.
0) 39) dialog: (CON'T)
0) 41) dialog: (DISGUSTED)
0) 43) dialog: 
0) 46) dialog: I have a order I want relayed to all German soldiers stationed in France. The Jew degenerate known as The Bear Jew, hence forth, is never to be referred to as The Bear Jew again. We will cease to aid the Americans any longer in there attempt to undermine the German soldier psyche. Did you get that Kliest?
0) 48) dialog: Who and what is a private Butz?
0) 50) dialog: Indeed I do want to see him, thank you for reminding me. Send him in.
0) 80) dialog: The dogsl He fights his frustration, then...
0) 81) dialog: Continue.
0) 249) dialog: How did you survived this ordel? WE SEE Pvt.Butz in The Fuhrer's room for the first time. He wears a Nazi cap, which is unusual in the presence of Fuhrer, but he seems okay with it.
0) 253) dialog: You are not to tell anybody anything! Not one word of detail! Your outfit was ambushed, and you got a away. Not one word more.
0) 255) dialog: Did they mark you like they did the other survivors?
0) 261) dialog: Remove your hat and show me.
0) 1832) text: I q7 . The PROJECTOR BULB goes HOT WHITE, PROJECTING A BEAM... FILM REELS rotate... 35mm FILM moves through the projectors film gate... The opening seal of a film by The THIRD REICH flickers on SCREEN... Goebbels and Francesca watch... Hitler watches... Fredrick watches... Donowitz and Hirschberg watch... Shosanna, in the booth, watches through the little window The CAMERA PANS OFF of Shosanna, to the clearly marked fi can, REEL FOUR. The SURPRISE REEL.
0) 1971) dialog: Extraordinary Joseph, simply extraordinary. This is your finest film yet. Goebbels is beyond proud, he smiles to Francesca, who pro pats his hand.
0) 2010) text: BLOWING TO SMITHEREENS, HITLER, FRANCESCA, BOORMAN, and propelling GOEBBELS, still in his theatre seat, across th auditorium, into the opposite wall, and taking out a port of the ceiling as well. The crowd reacts... The explosion causes the huge chandelier from Versailles, topple from it's jerry-rigged placement, and CRASH on to audience below... ON SCREEN THE GIANT FACE OF SHOSANNA finishes her WAR CRY