68) 0) text: Jane, Selvig, and Darcy reach the lab, where government vehicles are parked. SHIELD AGENTS haul equipment out of lab and load it into waiting vans. Other Agents strip all the equipment from inside the Pinzgauer and cart it away. Still others emerge from her trailer, arms loaded with scientific instruments and documents.
78) 0) text: A younger SHIELD agent, a TECHIE in a headset, monitors security. AGENT SITWELL, humorless, just this side of junior, looks on, none-too-pleased.
79) 0) text: A pair of SHIELD AGENTS (DELANCEY and JACKSON) take off i jeep to investigate.
83) 0) text: Thor, now wearing a SHIELD rain slicker, makes his way ac the base. Another SHIELD AGENT approaches the jeep, spots the unconscious DeLancey and Jackson. He quickly calls into h radio.
83) 1) dialog: Agents down! We've got a perimeter breach!
89) 0) text: The ATV Driver looks forward in panic as the ATV approach the crater lip. The vehicle careens over the edge of the crater and heads straight for one of the plastic tunnels. The Technicians inside scatter as the ATV CRASHES into it, tearing into t tunnel, sending sparks everywhere. The ATV finally comes to a stop, the tunnel collapsing ar it and the Driver. SHIELD AGENTS rush in behind to help.
92) 0) text: As SHIELD Agents pull the ATV driver from the wreckage, T races towards the unguarded entrance to the tunnels and h inside.
105) 0) text: Jane sees SHIELD Agents and Guards swarming into the cube containment structure.
109) 0) text: Coulson watches Thor with anticipation as Thor wraps his around the hammer. He smiles, triumphant, lifts... but th hammer doesn't move. Thor looks confused, tries again with two hands, to no av -- anger and frustration overtaking him. He strains with his might, SCREAMS from the effort, bellowing up at the s and lightning above him. Something begins to appear on the side of Mjolnir -- glow RUNES. Thor looks down, sees them. But, still, the hammer doesn't budge. Thor falls to his knees before it, rain pouring down around him, as the glo runes fade away. He's failed. Unworthy. Coulson looks on, disappointed. SHIELD AGENTS move in, guns trained on Thor, surrounding Coulson activates his radio.
110) 0) text: Jane lowers her binoculars, sensing things have gone from to worse. She steels herself, then starts over the ridge to help hi Almost immediately, a SPOTLIGHT sweeps past her. She hear the sound of DOGS and SHIELD AGENTS approaching, sees the glow of flashlights moving from the base towards her. With no other choice, she makes a quick retreat.
116) 0) text: Coulson and several other SHIELD AGENTS stand across from Erik Selvig.
117) 0) text: Selvig bursts into the room with a SHIELD Agent to find a seated Thor.
120) 0) text: Coulson and two SHIELD Agents watch as Selvig walks with away from the base to the SUV. Coulson calls to Selvig.
147) 0) text: A few SHIELD vehicles are parked by the Bifrost site. A f SHIELD agents stand nearby as SCIENTISTS take readings. Coulson kneels, examines the Bifrost Runes. He turns to a Agent.
149) 0) text: From behind a jeep, Coulson and the SHIELD AGENTS stare a the Destroyer in awe. We don't see it, just its shadow as moves towards them.
149) 1) dialog: 
163) 0) text: Thor, Jane, Darcy, Selvig and the other Asgardians stand the desert with Thor, Coulson, and several SHIELD AGENTS. Darcy turns to Volstagg.
167) 0) text: The Asgardians begin to lose hope. Volstagg eyes a SHIELD Agent's machine gun.