16) 0) text: Odin turns away from the window. His wife FRIGGA sits at vanity and tries different earrings before the mirror.
16) 2) dialog: He thinks he is. He has his father's confidence.
16) 4) dialog: And his humility? Odin reacts.
16) 13) dialog: For once, our son needs something we cannot provide.
16) 15) dialog: No. You've put it off too long! I worry for you. He touches her cheek.
16) 17) dialog: Always.
21) 0) text: Thor stands, his fingers nervously drumming the handle of hammer. Frigga approaches behind him, sees his anxiety.
21) 1) dialog: It's all right to be nervous.
21) 3) dialog: You may be able to fool the rest of
21) 6) dialog: Thor, just remember that you have something even the great Allfather never had.
21) 8) dialog: Me for a mother. She smiles.
22) 0) text: Sif and the Warriors Three still wait before the crowd. L and Frigga enter. Loki takes his place at the front of th hall alongside the others. With another blast of the horn the crowd goes silent as the EINHERJAR HONOR GUARD moves formation. They part to reveal --
24) 0) text: Thor finishes stirring up the crowd, then reaches the fro of the room, kneels on one knee before his mother and fat Frigga casts him an admonishing glance. Thor winks up at her. She can't help but smile. Odin strikes Gungnir upon the ground with a deafening BOO The crowd falls silent. Odin speaks with quiet, effortles authority. He raises Gungnir before him.
49) 0) text: Frigga enters to find Odin standing lost in thought.
49) 5) dialog: How could you have done this?
49) 7) dialog: But banishment? You would lose him forever? He's your son!
49) 13) dialog: I would not have exiled him to a world of mortals, stripped of his powers, to suffer alone. I would not have had the heart for such cruelty!
49) 16) dialog: You can bring him back.
62) 0) text: Frigga sits at her husband's bedside, holding his hand. O lies there -- looking pale and lifeless, his body and the space around it warped from the effect of the Odinsleep. walls of the chamber have moved close around him, protect him like a dark crypt, sealing off any daylight. Loki sits at Odin's side, across from Frigga. She speaks softly to him.
62) 1) dialog: I asked him to be honest with you from the beginning. There should be no secrets in a family.
62) 3) dialog: He kept the truth from you so that you would never feel different. You are in every way our son, Loki, and we your family. You must know that. Loki takes this in, stares at Odin.
62) 11) dialog: I don't know. This time is different. We were unprepared.
62) 13) dialog: But he's put it off for so long now, I fear... Loki takes her hand. She's grateful, wipes tears from her eyes.
62) 17) dialog: There's always a purpose to everything your father does. Thor may yet find a way home. Loki looks troubled by the revelation. He rises, heads fo the exit, when they hear the clatter of ARMORED FOOTSTEPS hurriedly approaching.
169) 0) text: Odin lies in the Odinsleep, Frigga at his bedside. She he the SHOUTS of Guards outside, the sound of a battle. Frig grabs a sword. A Frost Giant bursts in. She swings the sword around hard cleaving into his shoulder. He swats her aside angrily. Laufey and the Brute Frost Giant enter. Laufey looks at Odin lying helpless on the bed.
173) 13) dialog: Standing behind him -- the sword stuck in his back. She looks to Loki, takes him in her arms.
173) 16) dialog: Thor! She moves to Thor and hugs him, but Thor's eyes remain fi on his brother. Loki looks at Mjolnir in his brother's ha
173) 19) dialog: What?
185) 12) dialog: Thank you, Sif. She looks to Thor, who's unable to enjoy the merriment ar him.
185) 19) dialog: He will need his friends now more than ever.