13) 0) text: EARTH spins slowly before us as we hear a voice, deep and resonant -- the voice of HEIMDALL, Gatekeeper of Asgard.
31) 0) text: The band draws near the Observatory, where HEIMDALL himse Gatekeeper of Asgard, stands at his post on the Bridge be them, blocking their way, staring them down. There is something other-worldly about him, even for this Realm. He holds a massive sword in front of him, his ster intimidating face virtually concealed by armor. Something glints beneath his visor, like twinkling stars.
31) 3) dialog: 
31) 4) dialog: You're not dressed warmly enough. Thor, Loki, and the others trade looks.
31) 6) dialog: The freezing cold of Jotunheim. It will kill you all in time, even Thor.
31) 18) dialog: For ages have I guarded Asgard and kept it safe from those who would do it harm. In all that time, never has an enemy slipped by my watch -- until this day. I wish to know how that happened.
32) 0) text: Thor and the others enter the Observatory, step onto a platform. Heimdall climbs into the large control apparatu at the center of the room and readies the Observatory.
32) 5) dialog: Be warned. I will honor my sworn oath to protect this Realm as its Gatekeeper. If your return threatens the safety of Asgard, Bifrost will remain closed to you. You'll be left to die in the cold wastes of Jotunheim.
32) 7) dialog: None do. Heimdall inserts his sword into the control panel, and th apparatus of the Observatory starts up.
34) 0) text: Heimdall turns his sword in the control panel. The Observatory's giant turret swings around, aims toward a section of space. As a final step, Heimdall plunges his sword deeper into the control panel. The great turret FIR the RAINBOW LIGHT of Bifrost energy blasts out of it. The Bifrost opens at the end of the platform upon which T and his five comrades stand.
34) 1) dialog: All is ready. You may pass.
34) 3) dialog: To keep this bridge open would unleash the full power of the Bifrost and destroy Jotunheim with you upon it.
39) 0) text: Heimdall stands at the Observatory controls. Odin pulls Heimdall's sword from the control panel and throws it to Heimdall backs away.
111) 0) text: Heimdall stands at his post, watching the scene. He lower his head.
123) 0) text: Loki emerges out of the Bifrost, as Heimdall steps away f his controls. Heimdall glares at Loki. Loki notices.
123) 6) dialog: I turned my gaze upon you in Jotunheim, but could neither see nor hear you. You were shrouded from me, like the Frost Giants who entered this Realm.
123) 8) dialog: Or perhaps someone has found a way to hide that which he does not wish me to see. Loki sizes him up, smiles.
123) 10) dialog: No.
123) 12) dialog: Because he is my King, and I am sworn to obey him.
123) 14) dialog: Yes.
137) 0) text: Sif and the Warriors Three enter warily to find the intimidating Heimdall standing before the Observatory's controls. He glares at them accusingly.
137) 2) dialog: You would defy the commands of Loki our King, break every oath you have taken as warriors, and commit treason to bring Thor back? The four exchange nervous glances.
137) 4) dialog: Good. The group looks puzzled. What did he just say?
137) 6) dialog: I am bound by honor to our King. I cannot open the Bifrost to you. With that, Heimdall leaves them alone in the Observatory. The others exchange puzzled looks.
144) 0) text: Loki approaches Heimdall on the Rainbow Bridge.
144) 1) dialog: Tell me, Loki, how did you get the Jotuns into Asgard?
144) 8) dialog: Then I need no longer obey you. Heimdall raises his massive sword, strides towards Loki. Loki reaches out and, with both hands, takes hold of something invisible, hovering in mid-air before him. As i quickly fades into view, we realize what it is -- THE CASKET OF ANCIENT WINTERS. The blueness creeps from his hands and up his arms, as Lo opens the Casket towards Heimdall, who is fast approachin From inside the Casket, all hell breaks loose. The fury o the Casket is unleashed, its winds not just howling, but SCREAMING, as ice and snow and darkness come flying strai towards Heimdall. Ice clings to his body, freezing him, b still he moves forward. Loki starts to get worried. Heimdall is nearly upon him. The Gatekeeper swings his massive sword at the prince. But the blade STOPS, frozen, just inches from Loki's throat. Loki breathes a sigh of relief and steps past him.
164) 0) text: Heimdall stands frozen.
166) 0) text: From inside the ice, Heimdall hears Thor calling to him. Knowing that the fate of Asgard depends on him, he muster all his strength. The ice around him begins to CRACK. Wit a tremendous effort, Heimdall SHATTERS free from the ice. Weakened, near death, he drags himself inside the Observatory.
168) 0) text: The Asgardians emerge from the Bifrost to find Heimdall slumped over his controls.
187) 0) text: Out of the broken, jagged Rainbow Bridge flows the Bifros energy, drifting off into space. Thor walks out to its edge, where Heimdall stands watch. Thor stares out at the stellar void.
187) 6) dialog: Yes.