28) 4) dialog: I told you they'd cancel it.
28) 44) dialog: You did. / You did. He turns to Sif.
28) 59) dialog: And I. The Warriors Three fight together.
29) 0) text: Thor, Sif, Loki, and the Warriors Three walk from the Pal across the grounds. They reach a group of ATTENDANTS who ready their battle gear for their journey. Loki slips away from the group, speaks to a nearby GUARD. Hogun notices.
35) 8) dialog: We shouldn't be here.
36) 8) dialog: No, not that!
37) 47) dialog: Shut up! Thor takes out yet another Frost Giant, then all hell bre loose as the Asgardians and Jotuns begin to battle. A Jotun backs Hogun up against a wall of ice. As the Gian hurls an ice blade fist at him, the grim warrior swings h mace over his head, embedding it into the ice wall, and hoists himself up, dodging the Giant's blow and leaping o him. Hogun takes out a second approaching Frost Giant, sp back, dodges a swing from the first, then pounds the Jotu with his mace. Nearby, Sif expertly stabs one Jotun after another with h double-bladed staff. One knocks her viciously to the grou
37) 73) dialog: Watch the legs!
57) 0) text: Sif, Loki, and the Warriors three, battered and shell- shocked, still reeling from the day's events, sit before ROARING central fire. Hogun reaches into the flames, pulls out some fragile HEA STONES. Neither the fire, nor the stones burn him. As he carefully places the stones over the wounds of his comrad the stones begin to glow. He crushes them to a powder. Hi comrades' injuries heal up at the glowing powder's touch. Fandral winces in pain as Hogun heals his gaping wound. Volstagg looks at the skin on his arm -- healing, but sti blackened from the necrotizing touch of the Frost Giant. Loki watches him, then stares at his own arm, where the Giant's touch turned his skin blue. It's undamaged, back its normal color.
57) 22) dialog: Laufey said there were traitors in the House of Odin. The others turn to the usually quiet Hogun.
57) 24) dialog: A master of magic could easily bring three Jotuns into Asgard. The others look to Hogun, understanding the implication.
129) 8) dialog: 
185) 0) text: A FEAST is in progress as Thor, Sif, and the Warriors Thr sit amongst the gathered Asgardians. Hogun sits between Fandral and Volstagg, who is in the middle of recounting their battle with the Destroyer.
185) 9) dialog: Big stomach. (points to Fandral) Big mouth. The other gathered Asgardians laugh. Volstagg and Fandral look to Hogun. The grim warrior gives just a trace of a smile.