16) 0) text: Odin turns away from the window. His wife FRIGGA sits at vanity and tries different earrings before the mirror.
16) 1) dialog: Do you think he's ready?
16) 3) dialog: He'll need his father's wisdom.
16) 6) dialog: Yes, but Thor's still a boy. He could be a great King... Odin stops, notices HIS HAND SHAKING. It seems to be out synch temporally with the rest of the world, leaving a tr as it moves. He stares at it determinedly, concentrating, trying to stop the strange event through the force of his sheer will.
16) 14) dialog: I can fight it a little longer...
16) 16) dialog: I've destroyed demons and monsters, devastated whole worlds, laid waste to mighty kingdoms, and still you worry for me?
16) 18) dialog: Not today. Now come kiss your king... while I'm still king. He pulls her close, and they kiss.
22) 1) dialog: 
24) 0) text: Thor finishes stirring up the crowd, then reaches the fro of the room, kneels on one knee before his mother and fat Frigga casts him an admonishing glance. Thor winks up at her. She can't help but smile. Odin strikes Gungnir upon the ground with a deafening BOO The crowd falls silent. Odin speaks with quiet, effortles authority. He raises Gungnir before him.
24) 1) dialog: Gungnir. Its aim is true, its power strong. With it I have defended Asgard and the lives of the innocent across the Nine Realms since the time of the Great Beginning. And though the day has come for a new King to wield his own weapon -- that duty remains the same. Thor Odinson, my heir, my first-born.
24) 7) dialog: So long entrusted with this mighty hammer, Mjolnir. Forged in the heart of a dying star, from the sacred metal of Uru. Only one may lift it. Only one is worthy. Who wields this hammer commands the lightning and the storm. Its power has no equal -- as a weapon, to destroy, or as a tool, to build. It is a fit companion for a King.
26) 1) dialog: Today I entrust you with the greatest honor in all the Nine Realms. The sacred throne of Asgard. I have sacrificed much to achieve peace. So, too, must a new generation sacrifice to maintain that peace. Responsibility, duty, honor. These are not merely virtues to which we must aspire. They are essential to every soldier and to every King. The Crowd and the Warriors Three start to shiver and rub their limbs for warmth in the increasingly cold air of th hall. Thor turns back to face his father. Odin looks upon his s with pride.
26) 8) dialog: Do you swear to preserve the peace?
26) 10) dialog: Do you swear to cast aside all selfish ambition and pledge yourself only to the good of all the Realms? Beat.
26) 12) dialog: Then on this day, I, Odin Allfather, proclaim you-- Odin hesitates, noticing a strange sight before him. ICE creeps across the surface of the large banners around the hall, making an eerie CRACKING sound. Thor, his comrades, and the crowd see it too.
27) 13) dialog: They have paid with their lives. The Destroyer did its job, and the Casket is safe. All is well.
27) 16) dialog: But they didn't.
27) 18) dialog: 
27) 21) dialog: I have a truce with Laufey, the Jotun King.
27) 23) dialog: Leave us. Thor's comrades exit. Odin eyes Thor, as Loki watches.
27) 26) dialog: You're thinking only as a warrior!
27) 32) dialog: It was the act of but a few, doomed to fail.
27) 34) dialog: We will find the breach in our defenses. It will be found, and it will be sealed.
27) 40) dialog: You are not King. Not yet. Thor sees in his father's face that he's pushed this as f as he can. He backs away, then leaves, pushing through th doors so hard that they SLAM backwards behind him. Odin watches him go.
38) 9) dialog: Laufey. End this.
38) 15) dialog: You're right. These are the actions of a boy. Treat them as such. You and I can stop this before there's further bloodshed. Unseen by Odin and the others, Laufey starts to form an i blade at the end of his arm.
38) 17) dialog: So be it. Without warning, Laufey swings his ice blade at Odin, but Odin is quicker. The Allfather brings his spear down upon the ice. Laufey and the nearest Jotuns go falling backwar in a wave, the ice cracking beneath their feet. The other Frost Giants turn tail and run. Thor watches th fleeing Jotuns with delight.
38) 19) dialog: Silence! Odin raises his spear. The hole in the sky opens, the Bifrost energy blasting forth from it. The Bifrost envelo the Asgardians, yanks them off the ground and up through hole. The vortex closes behind them as all falls silent. Laufey stares up after them contemptuously.
39) 0) text: Heimdall stands at the Observatory controls. Odin pulls Heimdall's sword from the control panel and throws it to Heimdall backs away.
39) 2) dialog: Do you realize what you've done? What you've started?
39) 12) dialog: You cannot protect your friends. How can you hope to protect a kingdom? Odin turns to the others.
39) 17) dialog: That's pride and vanity that talks! Not leadership! Have you forgotten everything I've taught you? What of a warrior's patience, cunning?
39) 19) dialog: You're a vain, greedy, cruel boy!
39) 21) dialog: A fool, yes! I was a fool to think you were ready. Loki takes a step towards Odin imploringly.
39) 32) dialog: Thor Odinson... You have disobeyed the express command of your King. Through your arrogance and stupidity, you have opened these peaceful Realms and innocent lives to the horrors of war. The Allfather plunges Gungnir into Observatory's control panel. The turret turns, the Bifrost energy building alon with Odin's rage. It FIRES, as the Bifrost opens at the e of the platform, creating a portal behind Thor. Odin turns angrily to his son.
48) 0) text: At the top of the palace, we see a small FIGURE on the balcony. As we move closer, we see it is a burdened Odin, looking out over Asgard.
49) 0) text: Frigga enters to find Odin standing lost in thought.
49) 6) dialog: Do you understand what he set in motion? He's taken us to the brink of war!
49) 8) dialog: What would you have done?
49) 14) dialog: That is why I'm King.
49) 17) dialog: No. His fate is in his own hands now.
58) 7) dialog: No. Put the Casket down. Loki sets the Casket back upon its pedestal, his body qui returning to its normal form and color. He stares at his father.
58) 9) dialog: You're my son.
58) 12) dialog: No.
58) 20) dialog: You were an innocent child.
58) 23) dialog: I thought we could unite our kingdoms one day, bring about an alliance, bring about a permanent peace... through you. But those plans no longer matter.
58) 25) dialog: Why do you twist my words?
58) 27) dialog: You are my son. My blood. I wanted only to protect you from the truth.
58) 29) dialog: Don't...
58) 31) dialog: Listen...
58) 37) dialog: Listen to me! Loki strides away towards the exit.
62) 0) text: Frigga sits at her husband's bedside, holding his hand. O lies there -- looking pale and lifeless, his body and the space around it warped from the effect of the Odinsleep. walls of the chamber have moved close around him, protect him like a dark crypt, sealing off any daylight. Loki sits at Odin's side, across from Frigga. She speaks softly to him.
159) 0) text: Odin lies in the Odinsleep. A single tear rolls down the Allfather's cheek.
169) 0) text: Odin lies in the Odinsleep, Frigga at his bedside. She he the SHOUTS of Guards outside, the sound of a battle. Frig grabs a sword. A Frost Giant bursts in. She swings the sword around hard cleaving into his shoulder. He swats her aside angrily. Laufey and the Brute Frost Giant enter. Laufey looks at Odin lying helpless on the bed.
171) 0) text: The Jotun king stands over the unconscious Odin, relishin the moment. He forms an ICE BLADE.
173) 0) text: Laufey stands before the sleeping Odin.
184) 25) dialog: It is over.
186) 0) text: Thor stands alone on the balcony, lost in thought. Odin walks up behind him.
186) 1) dialog: You'll be a wise King.
186) 4) dialog: You've already made me proud. Odin leaves, Thor consoled by his words.