5) 38) dialog: What, we’re done?
14) 41) dialog: You've seen Jerry Maguire? That’s not gay at all.
19) 5) dialog: That's funny, you remind me of an Oompa Loompa.
19) 9) dialog: What, you told it you’re an adult male?
19) 11) dialog: It’s polite to reciprocate.
19) 23) dialog: Oh God, it’s started already.
19) 27) dialog: Melts at room temperature and gave Canadians a national pastime?
19) 51) dialog: So Congressmen bow to money so they can get re-elected, and we’re shit out of money.
20) 13) dialog: Ah, what the hell... Alex grabs Clara and pulls her close in front of him, til his head to the right. From the camera view on the giant screen, they appear to be kissing. NEW ANGLE - they are, in fact, not quite touching. Alex c his eyes and expertly caresses her cheek with his fingert
20) 14) dialog: (whisper) Tilt your head ever so slightly to the right. She does. The crowd GOES NUCLEAR. Alex pulls back, smiles Kiss Cam moves on to the next unsuspecting couple.
20) 16) dialog: (cocky bastard) You wanna try the real thing.
22) 20) dialog: If you're pulling fifteen-hour shifts, I guess.
22) 22) dialog: Linked In. If he’s a doctor he’d probably be on Linked In.
26) 0) text: On the vote count, Congressman Burns’ face gets a BIG RED SLASH stuck over it by Alex, who speaks to colleagues.
26) 1) dialog: Fuck Monty Burns. We’re sitting on a new five hundred grand. That’s over 12% of our budget. 53.
28) 5) dialog: Screw contributions, we’d be toe-to- toe with the Lobby and we’d lose.
30) 2) dialog: They're burrowing insidiously into your brains as you read.
30) 8) dialog: Turn to Tab Twelve, please. They do. Team members remove an ENVELOPE, and take out wh appear to be photos. Faces go blank.
38) 3) dialog: Connors? Yeah. Loud, foul-mouthed, and very effective.
38) 5) dialog: Put it this way: I wouldn’t want to be either of the men at that table.
43) 3) dialog: Go on, bite you son-of-a-bitch.
43) 6) dialog: Boom!
46) 0) text: Alex sits sentry outside a fancy restaurant, phone to his Gaze firmly fixed on the entrance.
46) 1) dialog: Hey. We’re the first two on, I guess we're a little early. Intercut as necessary with -- 76.
47) 2) dialog: You kidding? I’m going out of my mind here. I should have been a sports agent. This guy’s been at lunch for the last two hours. Lunch is literally his job.
47) 4) dialog: You have a point. (deep breath) Anyway, while we’re on that topic... One of these days, if you’re not too busy, I was thinking maybe we could-
48) 2) dialog: Me and Clara. (quick correction) Clara and I.
48) 5) dialog: (panic; in a bind) I was just spit-balling, ah, maybe we could - go see Mel Whitman, Congressman Perez's chief of staff, lock up his vote once and for all-
49) 7) dialog: Getting nothing from sports agents. None wanna stick their heads above the parapet ‘cause it’ll limit their clients’ commercial appeal. Apparently, we’re not cool enough. 78.
49) 9) dialog: Waiting for Seth Leventhal to roll his fat ass out of Mario’s Trattoria. Been trying to set up a meeting with this pear-shaped bastard all last week, so now I’m just gonna ambush him.
52) 1) text: Ross, Alex, Clara, Brian, and Franklin sit around the tab bereft of ideas. Ross writes something in his notebook. Everyone looks at him eagerly. He notices.
62) 17) dialog: I'll take to the streets right now and rip down those fucking Frank McGill posters one at a time if I have to.
63) 0) text: Elizabeth walks toward her car, finally finished for the evening. She sees Clara and Alex in conversation near her black Mercedes S-Class, and initially thinks nothing of i removes the key fob from her pocket. A little closer in, she stops. Observes them from a dista They’re talking, smiling, as though both know they should their separate ways, but neither wants to part. Like awkw college kids on a first date. Elizabeth smiles faintly, a touch ruefully. She hangs bac not wanting to interrupt. She looks elsewhere for a moment, but can’t help but look to see Clara give Alex a quick kiss and smile before spli off to their cars. Elizabeth unlocks her car and gets in. 95.
70) 2) dialog: It’s a hit alright.
71) 1) text: SUPER: September 21, 2015 Posner, Alex, and Elizabeth talk at crossed purposes.
71) 3) dialog: Shearman, Ohio, d’you know anything we can hit him with?
71) 6) dialog: (to Posner) You work for the Lobby now? ‘Cause that was their plan all along.
77) 0) text: ELIZABETH (CONT’D) The truth is, I took on each and every one of my representations because I believed, as a matter of ideology, in the causes I for which advocated. (echoing George Dupont) Some may regard this as ‘infantile, save-the-world idealism’, but I’ve come to realize that conviction- lobbying served my interests very well; it catapulted me over the legions of mercenaries, to the very top of my industry; all without playing golf, or being a man. CHUCKLES from the crowd. Rodolfo Schmidt smiles widely, e glazed, remembering their very first conversation. 115. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) My point is this, and there’s no better place to make it than on national TV, before America’s assembled press... Brian and Ross share a look, remembering when they bemoan the absence of a platform for their under-publicized caus Their wheels turning: Did Elizabeth orchestrate all of th ELIZABETH (CONT’D) What sets humans apart is our capacity for reason. The foresight to realize that our interests are best served not by short-term grabs for personal gain, but by holding a real ideology... Cherishing it; using it as a guide for all our decisions and our actions. We can maximize our gain not by engaging in zero-sum games of I-win-you-lose, but by cooperating - doing what we believe is right, not just for ourselves, but for everyone. We'd all be better off this way, individually and collectively; we could all have it so much better - with so little effort, if only we could just see-- Elizabeth, usually so controlled and eloquent, stumbles o her words. The wall of granite has crumbled. She looks to colleagues in the gallery, each full of pride and admirat ELIZABETH (CONT’D) Now, I know I’m not the easiest person in the world to work with, but in this room sit two sets of people with very different ideologies. They found common ground and made huge sacrifices in their careers and personal lives, all in the name of doing what they believe is right. One almost lost her life in the process. Esme holds her gaze, her own walls finally coming down. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) Some put their identity on the line to serve a cause which ultimately protects the essence of what that very identity means to them. Clara clenches Alex’s hand, a lump in her throat, knowing Elizabeth has finally given her the acknowledgement she’s longed for. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) These people are not disinterested altruists. They’re just smart enough to realize that their own interests are best served by doing the right thing for society as a whole. 116. The team sit, wide-eyed, surprised, and moved by her trib In another section of the public gallery, Jane sits next George Dupont. She shares their expression. Elizabeth casts her gaze toward the six present Congressm who sit on the panel. They contemplate her words. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) I urge members of Congress to do likewise, and exercise their power and influence in a manner that benefits everyone, not just themselves. Many an honest politician has tried, only to be promptly voted out, because there’s always someone - some rat - who’s prepared to stoop lower than the rest to get his nose in the trough, and by so doing, turn the entire electoral process into a race to the bottom. Now she aims a pointed stare at Congressman Sperling hims who sits in stone-faced silence. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) Make no mistake. These are the real parasites on American democracy. Elizabeth tightens up her softening emotions, and levels chin, takes in the room. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) This game is one of trust; it only works when everyone is playing. People say, ad nauseam, that they want change. I appeal to our finest nature - for want of a better expression - to be that change. The packed room is stunned quiet. Journalists regard her earnestly. Photographers have stopped snapping, put their equipment down. Nobody expected this, not even Elizabeth.