28) 19) dialog: Tumbleweed? This place is a ghost town.
30) 16) dialog: The whole Florida thing was a ruse?
35) 0) text: SLAP. Congressman Badgley’s mugshot is the latest to get green tick stuck over it. SLOWLY PULL BACK to reveal the team working quietly, efficiently. Brian, who just stuck on the tick, talks on cell and updates the whiteboard to: DAYS TO VOTE: 98. 18 VOTES LOCKED, 16 TO GO.
35) 1) dialog: You know we're not supposed to be having this conversation, right? CROSS-CUT between Brian, and...
36) 2) dialog: It’s kind of flattering he sees it as a moving train though, right? Rodolfo Schmidt sees Brian on the phone.
50) 11) dialog: Brian and Lauren here.
51) 1) text: Brian and Lauren sit with two EDITORS in a cutting room, sharing a headphone each and the phone receiver.
51) 2) dialog: Hey guys, the TV spot’s almost done. We'll be good to submit it to the NFL for opening day clearance by the end of the week.
51) 5) dialog: Our message is good. We just need a big enough platform to blast it out so that everyone can hear it.
51) 7) dialog: We could use a meme. Like a slogan, a unit of cultural- 80.
51) 9) dialog: You don’t reach these guys with direct mail pamphlets. Brian notices that a hip young Editor beside him is engro in her phone.
51) 10) dialog: You reach them on their smart phones. IN THE DONUT FACTORY, Clara listens to the conversation w staring into her laptop SCREEN: Alex’s friend request rem unanswered. The cursor hovers above ACCEPT. She hits it.
52) 1) text: Ross, Alex, Clara, Brian, and Franklin sit around the tab bereft of ideas. Ross writes something in his notebook. Everyone looks at him eagerly. He notices.
52) 6) dialog: How about this: eighty percent say they want change, but how many are prepared to do something about it? How many are prepared to be the change? It's a quote from Gandhi. Be the change that you wish to see in the world. #BeTheChange.
52) 8) dialog: Really? You don’t like it?
54) 0) text: Brian and Clara eat takeout and shoot the shit.
54) 1) dialog: You think we ought to prepare for a counter? I mean, we’re wide open. They could just make Be The Change into Beat The Change, as in, beat the amendment.
54) 3) dialog: Heaton-Harris is... Heathen malice.
56) 1) dialog: No dilution of the Constitution.
56) 3) dialog: So what d’you think? Should we prep counters for some of these? Both consider for a second. They look at each other.
62) 0) text: Elizabeth and the team are morose, quiet. They sit and wa Brian gets off the phone.
62) 1) dialog: OK, thank you. Bye. (hangs up) That was the advertising standards division of the NFL. Our TV spot was rejected.
62) 3) dialog: We now fall foul of the ‘extreme political sensitivity’ clause.
77) 0) text: ELIZABETH (CONT’D) The truth is, I took on each and every one of my representations because I believed, as a matter of ideology, in the causes I for which advocated. (echoing George Dupont) Some may regard this as ‘infantile, save-the-world idealism’, but I’ve come to realize that conviction- lobbying served my interests very well; it catapulted me over the legions of mercenaries, to the very top of my industry; all without playing golf, or being a man. CHUCKLES from the crowd. Rodolfo Schmidt smiles widely, e glazed, remembering their very first conversation. 115. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) My point is this, and there’s no better place to make it than on national TV, before America’s assembled press... Brian and Ross share a look, remembering when they bemoan the absence of a platform for their under-publicized caus Their wheels turning: Did Elizabeth orchestrate all of th ELIZABETH (CONT’D) What sets humans apart is our capacity for reason. The foresight to realize that our interests are best served not by short-term grabs for personal gain, but by holding a real ideology... Cherishing it; using it as a guide for all our decisions and our actions. We can maximize our gain not by engaging in zero-sum games of I-win-you-lose, but by cooperating - doing what we believe is right, not just for ourselves, but for everyone. We'd all be better off this way, individually and collectively; we could all have it so much better - with so little effort, if only we could just see-- Elizabeth, usually so controlled and eloquent, stumbles o her words. The wall of granite has crumbled. She looks to colleagues in the gallery, each full of pride and admirat ELIZABETH (CONT’D) Now, I know I’m not the easiest person in the world to work with, but in this room sit two sets of people with very different ideologies. They found common ground and made huge sacrifices in their careers and personal lives, all in the name of doing what they believe is right. One almost lost her life in the process. Esme holds her gaze, her own walls finally coming down. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) Some put their identity on the line to serve a cause which ultimately protects the essence of what that very identity means to them. Clara clenches Alex’s hand, a lump in her throat, knowing Elizabeth has finally given her the acknowledgement she’s longed for. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) These people are not disinterested altruists. They’re just smart enough to realize that their own interests are best served by doing the right thing for society as a whole. 116. The team sit, wide-eyed, surprised, and moved by her trib In another section of the public gallery, Jane sits next George Dupont. She shares their expression. Elizabeth casts her gaze toward the six present Congressm who sit on the panel. They contemplate her words. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) I urge members of Congress to do likewise, and exercise their power and influence in a manner that benefits everyone, not just themselves. Many an honest politician has tried, only to be promptly voted out, because there’s always someone - some rat - who’s prepared to stoop lower than the rest to get his nose in the trough, and by so doing, turn the entire electoral process into a race to the bottom. Now she aims a pointed stare at Congressman Sperling hims who sits in stone-faced silence. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) Make no mistake. These are the real parasites on American democracy. Elizabeth tightens up her softening emotions, and levels chin, takes in the room. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) This game is one of trust; it only works when everyone is playing. People say, ad nauseam, that they want change. I appeal to our finest nature - for want of a better expression - to be that change. The packed room is stunned quiet. Journalists regard her earnestly. Photographers have stopped snapping, put their equipment down. Nobody expected this, not even Elizabeth.
77) 1) dialog: (whispers ) That’s not exactly the meme.
77) 3) dialog: Right. It’s not important. In the public gallery, Jane turns to George Dupont.