19) 24) dialog: Are the rumors true?
19) 26) dialog: Sloane-zilla. Is she the personification of an ice cube?
19) 28) dialog: Frigid and heartless.
19) 52) dialog: So we do it the old-fashioned way, by direct appeal to voters. Elizabeth regards Clara with a fleeting glance. But still than any one person (bar Esme) has received from her.
20) 12) dialog: No, no, we're not - we just met! The crowd grow restless as Alex and Clara stand, not kiss Playful BOOS begin to ring out. This is awkward.
22) 17) dialog: One-shoulder black crepe dress!
23) 1) text: The ballroom is decked out for a big fundraiser. Banners the AMA (American Medical Association) adorn the podium a CONGRESSMAN WALLACE gives a speech. Clara, wearing a black, one-shoulder crepe dress, weaves way through tables while on the phone.
23) 2) dialog: You think he'll go for it? OUTSIDE THE BALLROOM, Elizabeth paces, on her cell:
23) 6) dialog: He was supposed to go to me third, what’s he doing?
23) 9) dialog: You made me delete my Facebook account. I had my bio removed from our website-
23) 11) dialog: What d’you mean?
23) 16) dialog: You _decoyed me?
27) 0) text: Clara keeps pace with Elizabeth as they quick-step up the stone staircase into the airy and imposing public buildin
27) 1) dialog: I deleted every vestige of my online existence-
27) 3) dialog: I did replace it. First hit on Clara Thomson gets you a Canadian English teacher in South Korea, but I made a small footprint two rungs down. I’d just returned from a two-year stint with Medcins Sans Frontiers. It was solid.
27) 5) dialog: There’s ten of us. How many d’you think we’re up against at Waterman? Thirty? We don’t have the manpower nor the funding to keep up with the Lobby, and we just hadn’t gotten to him yet. They got lucky and picked one who was wide open. Elizabeth grimaces, knowing her point is valid.
27) 6) dialog: Unless, of course, it wasn’t luck.
27) 8) dialog: You didn’t tell me about Raj Ama...
27) 10) dialog: I checked with Finance, he wasn’t paid from the firm’s account. You ran him out of your own pocket.
27) 12) dialog: But you had something to lose. You think we might have a leak.
28) 0) text: The vast main reading room of the world’s biggest library Giant marble columns, bronze statues set high up in the balustrades, and the centerpiece - sunlight seeping throu arch windows beneath a huge, ornate dome. The other eight members of the team work at a reading tab Some have laptops, others scribble on notepads. Elizabeth Clara take their places. Throughout, Clara taps away on h laptop, as if taking notes, not fully invested in the conversation.
28) 25) dialog: Our phone pitch has to “burrow insidiously into Floridian brains?”
28) 27) dialog: Good thing I’m back on Facebook. Clara didn’t do much to mask her supercilious tone. Alex closes his laptop and gets up, a little smirk on his face It’s not lost on Clara.
28) 29) dialog: It’s a public company.
30) 1) dialog: Alex, these are... Good!
30) 20) dialog: We're taking this to Colorado?
31) 30) dialog: You knew there was a leak from when?
31) 32) dialog: And you had her watched? By a PI?
31) 34) dialog: How did you know it was her?
31) 36) dialog: The leak - you had Cynthia watched, how did you know it was her?
38) 2) dialog: You used to work with this guy?
38) 4) dialog: But she can take him, right?
45) 20) dialog: Clara Thomson
45) 22) dialog: Hello?
47) 0) text: A popular donuts and coffee chain. Clara sits at a table, plugged into her laptop, stacks of papers in front of her
47) 1) dialog: Hey! OK, ah - d’you want me to dial back in a couple minutes?
47) 3) dialog: That can’t be good for your waistline. What’s he look like? Alex flips open a file and regards a bio mugshot of a fat porcine SPORTS AGENT.
48) 4) dialog: (playful) Alex, why don’t you go ahead and finish your thought? Maybe we could..? 77.
49) 3) dialog: In a Donut Factory, going over polling data.
49) 5) dialog: You know, with Joe and Jane Public?
52) 1) text: Ross, Alex, Clara, Brian, and Franklin sit around the tab bereft of ideas. Ross writes something in his notebook. Everyone looks at him eagerly. He notices.
54) 0) text: Brian and Clara eat takeout and shoot the shit.
54) 2) dialog: Pull the trigger on gun control?
56) 2) dialog: Control criminals, not guns.
56) 4) dialog: Nah.
62) 16) dialog: (channeling Elizabeth) Not if we’re going to be three to five votes down.
63) 0) text: Elizabeth walks toward her car, finally finished for the evening. She sees Clara and Alex in conversation near her black Mercedes S-Class, and initially thinks nothing of i removes the key fob from her pocket. A little closer in, she stops. Observes them from a dista They’re talking, smiling, as though both know they should their separate ways, but neither wants to part. Like awkw college kids on a first date. Elizabeth smiles faintly, a touch ruefully. She hangs bac not wanting to interrupt. She looks elsewhere for a moment, but can’t help but look to see Clara give Alex a quick kiss and smile before spli off to their cars. Elizabeth unlocks her car and gets in. 95.
77) 0) text: ELIZABETH (CONT’D) The truth is, I took on each and every one of my representations because I believed, as a matter of ideology, in the causes I for which advocated. (echoing George Dupont) Some may regard this as ‘infantile, save-the-world idealism’, but I’ve come to realize that conviction- lobbying served my interests very well; it catapulted me over the legions of mercenaries, to the very top of my industry; all without playing golf, or being a man. CHUCKLES from the crowd. Rodolfo Schmidt smiles widely, e glazed, remembering their very first conversation. 115. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) My point is this, and there’s no better place to make it than on national TV, before America’s assembled press... Brian and Ross share a look, remembering when they bemoan the absence of a platform for their under-publicized caus Their wheels turning: Did Elizabeth orchestrate all of th ELIZABETH (CONT’D) What sets humans apart is our capacity for reason. The foresight to realize that our interests are best served not by short-term grabs for personal gain, but by holding a real ideology... Cherishing it; using it as a guide for all our decisions and our actions. We can maximize our gain not by engaging in zero-sum games of I-win-you-lose, but by cooperating - doing what we believe is right, not just for ourselves, but for everyone. We'd all be better off this way, individually and collectively; we could all have it so much better - with so little effort, if only we could just see-- Elizabeth, usually so controlled and eloquent, stumbles o her words. The wall of granite has crumbled. She looks to colleagues in the gallery, each full of pride and admirat ELIZABETH (CONT’D) Now, I know I’m not the easiest person in the world to work with, but in this room sit two sets of people with very different ideologies. They found common ground and made huge sacrifices in their careers and personal lives, all in the name of doing what they believe is right. One almost lost her life in the process. Esme holds her gaze, her own walls finally coming down. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) Some put their identity on the line to serve a cause which ultimately protects the essence of what that very identity means to them. Clara clenches Alex’s hand, a lump in her throat, knowing Elizabeth has finally given her the acknowledgement she’s longed for. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) These people are not disinterested altruists. They’re just smart enough to realize that their own interests are best served by doing the right thing for society as a whole. 116. The team sit, wide-eyed, surprised, and moved by her trib In another section of the public gallery, Jane sits next George Dupont. She shares their expression. Elizabeth casts her gaze toward the six present Congressm who sit on the panel. They contemplate her words. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) I urge members of Congress to do likewise, and exercise their power and influence in a manner that benefits everyone, not just themselves. Many an honest politician has tried, only to be promptly voted out, because there’s always someone - some rat - who’s prepared to stoop lower than the rest to get his nose in the trough, and by so doing, turn the entire electoral process into a race to the bottom. Now she aims a pointed stare at Congressman Sperling hims who sits in stone-faced silence. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) Make no mistake. These are the real parasites on American democracy. Elizabeth tightens up her softening emotions, and levels chin, takes in the room. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) This game is one of trust; it only works when everyone is playing. People say, ad nauseam, that they want change. I appeal to our finest nature - for want of a better expression - to be that change. The packed room is stunned quiet. Journalists regard her earnestly. Photographers have stopped snapping, put their equipment down. Nobody expected this, not even Elizabeth.