19) 20) dialog: D’you know how much pollution their slashing and burning pumps into the atmosphere?
19) 22) dialog: I’d love to. But I know you can’t tell me, ‘cause it’s not even close to quantifiable.
19) 30) dialog: Do you think before you speak?
19) 35) dialog: Realistically, we don’t. We fight them as hard as we can, build a strong base of support, so we have a better chance when they table next year’s Heaton-Harris, or the one after that.
19) 37) dialog: Esme Manucharian, nine years.
19) 41) dialog: Ultimately unsuccessfully, but yes. 37.
19) 43) dialog: For every dollar we can donate in campaign contributions, you know how much the Gun Lobby can donate?
20) 4) dialog: However much we spend to get the public on our side, the Gun Lobby can afford to drown us out. 39.
22) 4) dialog: (cutting in) In a House of 435, it is, but three vacant seats gives us 432, meaning 217-215 is the smallest possible winning majority.
22) 12) dialog: What Ross is fumbling around is, they only need 26.
26) 2) dialog: It’s now 9.3%!
28) 2) dialog: Illinois has six Republicans in the House, a little of this money would go a long way to-
28) 22) dialog: Elizabeth. I’m familiar with the Democrat campaign machinery in Illinois, if I get out there, I can deliver at least two-
41) 0) text: A cluttered campaign office. Esme and a group of STAFFERS takeout, glued to the TV. 72.
48) 8) dialog: Esme Manucharian.
49) 0) text: Esme is on both her cell and a landline intermittently, a shouts over the DIN of CROSS-TALK and RINGING PHONES in t campaign boiler room.
49) 1) dialog: (into landline) Hold just a second please. (into cell) Illinois says hi, guys. We're gaining, I’m doing the rounds on local TV, I’m on again tomorrow morning. Rumor out of Perry’s camp is that he’s gonna come out in favor early next week.
52) 4) dialog: Here’s what I got: most people are pro-Heaton-Harris, but in their minds only. If they want change, they need to get politically active, maybe for the first time in their lives. They need to get loud. Therefore... #GetLoud. 81.
60) 0) text: A secluded spot that feels like a million miles from civilization. Sunlight filters through treetops and all t can be heard is the electric BUZZ of cicadas. Esme sits on a bench. She stares into space, lifeless. She doesn’t so much as turn her head when Elizabeth sits to her, softly. Elizabeth sets down her carry-on, clearly fresh from a plane. The pair don’t look at each other for a while. Elizabeth her time here, not her usual belligerent self.
60) 2) dialog: When I was a kid, we had a family get- together... We were sitting around the table at breakfast, talking about what animal we'd be if we were reincarnated. Some said birds. My uncle wanted to be a hippo, wallowing in mud all day. When my turn came, I thought I'd be clever. I said ‘human’. Over the next twenty years, I slowly realized everyone else at that table had already considered that option and ruled it out.
60) 4) dialog: I locked myself in a classroom and hid under a desk. I covered my ears, but it did nothing. People were dying outside. I heard knocks on the door. I didn’t have it in me to even try to help. I couldn’t move... I never wanted to feel that way again. She gazes upon the verdant landscape; her eyes moistening composure weakening. ESME (CONT’D) Yesterday... Yesterday, I felt the exact same way I did when I was eighteen. I got very good at acting tough, but nothing changed underneath. Nothing really changes at all. Elizabeth spends a moment digesting her words. Her intona slower, more considered here.
60) 6) dialog: You were involved in a shooting?
60) 8) dialog: ... What happened?
60) 12) text: Elizabeth regards Esme, not as a subordinate or even a colleague, but more like a proud parent. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) It’s oh-so-easy to keep your mouth shut and let it slide, but you and I both managed to find that courage inside of us. Especially you, Esme. And when one person nails their colors to the mast, you’1ll find that others will be quick to follow. That’s how change happens. Esme retains her sense of despondency, but on some level is buoyed by Elizabeth's showing of respect.
61) 0) text: The team works in the usual melee of RINGING PHONES and C TALK. Esme steps in and the room falls silent. People sto what they’re doing. Elizabeth lowers a phone from her ear her eyes meet Esme’s. She scans the silenced room. Then:
61) 1) dialog: We're losing ground. What can I do? Moment over. Esme is surrounded by colleagues, updating h and asking for her input. Ross sidles up to her, sheepish
61) 3) dialog: I’m okay. An awkward beat.
61) 5) dialog: (a bit annoyed) No, Ross, I don’t.
62) 5) dialog: Not right after Frank McGill. The killer blow. A brief moment’s silence, until -- Ross enters. Everyone straightens out.
62) 12) dialog: Very. Despite the dour circumstances, Esme regards Ross with a Always the sloucher, he straightens.
62) 19) dialog: ++. Our colors are still nailed to the mast, Elizabeth. Elizabeth looks at the intrepid faces of her small, loyal team. Her exterior barely registers it, but she's genuine touched and impressed.
77) 0) text: ELIZABETH (CONT’D) The truth is, I took on each and every one of my representations because I believed, as a matter of ideology, in the causes I for which advocated. (echoing George Dupont) Some may regard this as ‘infantile, save-the-world idealism’, but I’ve come to realize that conviction- lobbying served my interests very well; it catapulted me over the legions of mercenaries, to the very top of my industry; all without playing golf, or being a man. CHUCKLES from the crowd. Rodolfo Schmidt smiles widely, e glazed, remembering their very first conversation. 115. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) My point is this, and there’s no better place to make it than on national TV, before America’s assembled press... Brian and Ross share a look, remembering when they bemoan the absence of a platform for their under-publicized caus Their wheels turning: Did Elizabeth orchestrate all of th ELIZABETH (CONT’D) What sets humans apart is our capacity for reason. The foresight to realize that our interests are best served not by short-term grabs for personal gain, but by holding a real ideology... Cherishing it; using it as a guide for all our decisions and our actions. We can maximize our gain not by engaging in zero-sum games of I-win-you-lose, but by cooperating - doing what we believe is right, not just for ourselves, but for everyone. We'd all be better off this way, individually and collectively; we could all have it so much better - with so little effort, if only we could just see-- Elizabeth, usually so controlled and eloquent, stumbles o her words. The wall of granite has crumbled. She looks to colleagues in the gallery, each full of pride and admirat ELIZABETH (CONT’D) Now, I know I’m not the easiest person in the world to work with, but in this room sit two sets of people with very different ideologies. They found common ground and made huge sacrifices in their careers and personal lives, all in the name of doing what they believe is right. One almost lost her life in the process. Esme holds her gaze, her own walls finally coming down. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) Some put their identity on the line to serve a cause which ultimately protects the essence of what that very identity means to them. Clara clenches Alex’s hand, a lump in her throat, knowing Elizabeth has finally given her the acknowledgement she’s longed for. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) These people are not disinterested altruists. They’re just smart enough to realize that their own interests are best served by doing the right thing for society as a whole. 116. The team sit, wide-eyed, surprised, and moved by her trib In another section of the public gallery, Jane sits next George Dupont. She shares their expression. Elizabeth casts her gaze toward the six present Congressm who sit on the panel. They contemplate her words. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) I urge members of Congress to do likewise, and exercise their power and influence in a manner that benefits everyone, not just themselves. Many an honest politician has tried, only to be promptly voted out, because there’s always someone - some rat - who’s prepared to stoop lower than the rest to get his nose in the trough, and by so doing, turn the entire electoral process into a race to the bottom. Now she aims a pointed stare at Congressman Sperling hims who sits in stone-faced silence. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) Make no mistake. These are the real parasites on American democracy. Elizabeth tightens up her softening emotions, and levels chin, takes in the room. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) This game is one of trust; it only works when everyone is playing. People say, ad nauseam, that they want change. I appeal to our finest nature - for want of a better expression - to be that change. The packed room is stunned quiet. Journalists regard her earnestly. Photographers have stopped snapping, put their equipment down. Nobody expected this, not even Elizabeth.