6) 0) text: The Executive Office is reserved for the most important clients, and feels more like a country club. This morning occupants are: GEORGE DUPONT (a belligerent 82. Head of Government Affai and one of the biggest hitters in the whole firm); 12. R.M. DUTTON (poster-boy lobbyist, 50s, a cold and inhuman tactician with piercing blue eyes); and BOB SANDFORD (60s; powerful and well-connected President the Gun Lobby, and potential golden goose client). They sit in chesterfield leather seats, waiting.
6) 2) dialog: How d’you mean?
6) 4) dialog: You two have never met?
6) 6) dialog: In a town this small, how does that happen- There is a perfunctory KNOCK on the door.
6) 9) dialog: Ah, here she is. Liz? Bob Sandford, President of the Gun Lobby. She’s quick out of the blocks in offering her hand, a pol and professional evasion of awkwardness.
6) 19) dialog: Liz?
7) 0) text: Dutton just about keeps pace with George, on the warpath.
7) 1) dialog: I'll look at the wording and proceed from there, who the hell does she think she --
7) 3) dialog: And do you believe, for one nanosecond, that lobbyist-client bond- building was at the forefront of her mind when she effectively told Bob Sandford to take his business and shove it up his gun barrel?
7) 5) dialog: I want Sloane in my office now!
8) 0) text: George marches in and is taken by surprise- 15.
8) 2) dialog: You'll look at the wording. Well, I’m sure the President of one of the most powerful representative groups on the hill, will be honored that Her Majesty has agreed to look at the fucking wording!
8) 4) dialog: Don’t feed me that crap and call it ice cream. What’s going on with you?
8) 6) dialog: So what?
8) 8) dialog: What I didn’t tell you is that you’re supposed to have grown out of that infantile, save-the-world idealism by your second year!
8) 10) dialog: You’re suddenly a proponent of gun control?
8) 12) dialog: I thought you had to ‘look at the wording’-
8) 14) dialog: When did this happen? I don’t remember you ever caring one way or the other about gun control?
8) 16) dialog: Christ, Liz, this isn’t any old client waltzing through the door, this is the Gun Lobby. No, something happened - someone you know was a victim of a gun crime.
8) 18) dialog: You're a champion of the free market. You abhor taxation and frivolous government spending, meddling, patronizing-
8) 20) dialog: Kenyans! For Christ’s sake, you rep Kenyans!
8) 22) dialog: Is that a promise or a threat? I can just picture the good Senator being boiled in a cauldron with all these natives dancing around him. Elizabeth puts her head in her hands, despairing.
8) 23) dialog: Get some Fortune 500 clients. Your colorful representations are the cause of a lot of industry back-chat this firm’s good name can do without. Elizabeth's
9) 3) dialog: You bully people, Liz. You’re a bully, with your unorthodox tactics and endless supply of inflammatory quotes. Senior Partners are banging on my door fearing for our rep, and that’s something I can do without.
9) 5) dialog: Really, Sloane? Those little pills in your purse are the kind that lull you to sleep? eyes narrow. He’s crossing a line.
9) 7) dialog: And you sent them straight back out of it! You're right! The only reason you and your team of sneaker-wearing ragamuffins are still here is that your arrogant pranks might generate enough buzz to attract clients like the Gun Lobby. Meaning, if you don’t personally dedicate yourself to their cause, the partnership won't really have any use for you. Your billings for this firm’s reputation is a trade they'd be happy to make. Now go away, re-read that amendment, and start telling the world how goddamn extensive it is! ‘S OFFICE - DAY - PAST Elizabeth consults with her DOCTOR. She can’t get out of room fast enough. She reads and responds to emails on her Blackberry, fingertips blistering over the tiny keys like a stenographer on coke.
15) 0) text: Back in the hearing, Elizabeth is stone-faced, but fidget slightly. The wall of granite slowly being chipped away. We now recognize some of the faces in the public gallery: George Dupont, Connors, Rodolfo Schmidt.
65) 5) dialog: What are your projections?
65) 8) dialog: How accurate is your count?
65) 11) dialog: They’re already on the payroll.
65) 15) dialog: Bob. This bill will not pass.
65) 17) dialog: (beat) Clear the room please. Those who know to exit take their leave. George, Bob Sand Connors, and R.M. Dutton remain.
65) 18) dialog: The only reason we’re here is because of one person. Without her, we walk all over them.
65) 20) dialog: We need a way to remove her from the Heaton-Harris campaign, put her on the defensive. For example, a Congressional hearing into her unorthodox lobbying practices.
65) 22) dialog: I know of a Congressman who may be open to the idea. But it would take a lot of persuasion.
65) 26) dialog: The least we can do is look for it. (gets up) (MORE )
65) 28) dialog: I want everyone in this whole damn firm interviewed - no - I want anyone who ever shared a room with her interviewed. We'll see how well covered her ass really is.
65) 37) dialog: Well, that right there’s enough-
65) 39) dialog: And that’s legal?
65) 41) dialog: Tell me about it. 98.
65) 43) dialog: Jane. I know she mentored you, and you have a lot of respect for her, but you chose this firm. If you have any inkling of misconduct...
65) 45) dialog: (lying) , Nothing! We’re mining for leverage, get her to stay out of Nebraska.
66) 0) text: George Dupont approaches a parked Lexus. He gets into the passenger side.
67) 0) text: George Dupont closes the door and takes a brief repose, EXHALES. In the driver's seat sits the man leading the ch in our congressional hearing: Ron M. Sperling. In private paternal, sanctimonious demeanor gives way to a curtness expected of a seasoned political schemer.
67) 1) dialog: Things not looking so good for the mid-terms, Ron. You ask me, you're gonna need a lot more TV time.
67) 3) dialog: Now, who might just be able to fund those coveted TV spots?
67) 5) dialog: It needn't look that way. You’1ll be leading an inquiry into Sloane’s affairs in response to an article exposing her litany of misdeeds.
67) 7) dialog: We're arranging it.
67) 9) dialog: Ron, the Gun Lobby have identified you as the man to pull this off. If you decline, I can’t stop them blitzing you with negative finance, which, sure as your shit doesn’t smell like root beer, they will. They won’t stop until they annihilate you. D’you know the root meaning of the word ‘annihilate’? It’s Latin. It means, reduce to nothing. That’s what they’re going to do to you, Ron.
67) 11) dialog: We can create a structure to obfuscate the source. Your big wedge will arrive courtesy of eight to twelve smaller entities with no affiliation to guns.
67) 13) dialog: Big enough to be the difference between the continuation of your duties as a member of Congress, and the reduction of your career to nothing. The article’s coming. George exits the car, leaving Sperling to consider his wo Suddenly agitated, Sperling BRUSHES vigorously at his for which rests on the center console, as if swatting at some persistent itch. INT. PETERSON WYATT - RODOLFO’S OFFICE - DAY - PAST
73) 0) text: It’s packed to the rafters and BUZZING. Public gallery fu familiar faces. Connors, George Dupont, R.M. Dutton, Jane Rodolfo Schmidt and the whole of the Peterson Wyatt team.
77) 0) text: ELIZABETH (CONT’D) The truth is, I took on each and every one of my representations because I believed, as a matter of ideology, in the causes I for which advocated. (echoing George Dupont) Some may regard this as ‘infantile, save-the-world idealism’, but I’ve come to realize that conviction- lobbying served my interests very well; it catapulted me over the legions of mercenaries, to the very top of my industry; all without playing golf, or being a man. CHUCKLES from the crowd. Rodolfo Schmidt smiles widely, e glazed, remembering their very first conversation. 115. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) My point is this, and there’s no better place to make it than on national TV, before America’s assembled press... Brian and Ross share a look, remembering when they bemoan the absence of a platform for their under-publicized caus Their wheels turning: Did Elizabeth orchestrate all of th ELIZABETH (CONT’D) What sets humans apart is our capacity for reason. The foresight to realize that our interests are best served not by short-term grabs for personal gain, but by holding a real ideology... Cherishing it; using it as a guide for all our decisions and our actions. We can maximize our gain not by engaging in zero-sum games of I-win-you-lose, but by cooperating - doing what we believe is right, not just for ourselves, but for everyone. We'd all be better off this way, individually and collectively; we could all have it so much better - with so little effort, if only we could just see-- Elizabeth, usually so controlled and eloquent, stumbles o her words. The wall of granite has crumbled. She looks to colleagues in the gallery, each full of pride and admirat ELIZABETH (CONT’D) Now, I know I’m not the easiest person in the world to work with, but in this room sit two sets of people with very different ideologies. They found common ground and made huge sacrifices in their careers and personal lives, all in the name of doing what they believe is right. One almost lost her life in the process. Esme holds her gaze, her own walls finally coming down. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) Some put their identity on the line to serve a cause which ultimately protects the essence of what that very identity means to them. Clara clenches Alex’s hand, a lump in her throat, knowing Elizabeth has finally given her the acknowledgement she’s longed for. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) These people are not disinterested altruists. They’re just smart enough to realize that their own interests are best served by doing the right thing for society as a whole. 116. The team sit, wide-eyed, surprised, and moved by her trib In another section of the public gallery, Jane sits next George Dupont. She shares their expression. Elizabeth casts her gaze toward the six present Congressm who sit on the panel. They contemplate her words. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) I urge members of Congress to do likewise, and exercise their power and influence in a manner that benefits everyone, not just themselves. Many an honest politician has tried, only to be promptly voted out, because there’s always someone - some rat - who’s prepared to stoop lower than the rest to get his nose in the trough, and by so doing, turn the entire electoral process into a race to the bottom. Now she aims a pointed stare at Congressman Sperling hims who sits in stone-faced silence. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) Make no mistake. These are the real parasites on American democracy. Elizabeth tightens up her softening emotions, and levels chin, takes in the room. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) This game is one of trust; it only works when everyone is playing. People say, ad nauseam, that they want change. I appeal to our finest nature - for want of a better expression - to be that change. The packed room is stunned quiet. Journalists regard her earnestly. Photographers have stopped snapping, put their equipment down. Nobody expected this, not even Elizabeth.
77) 5) dialog: This is hardly the time. Back on the stand, Elizabeth sips from a glass of water, composes herself. Partially restores the granite wall. 117.
77) 16) dialog: How accurate is your count?
78) 0) text: ECU on ASPHALT. A cybernetic COCKROACH, wearing an electr backpack scurries along the black top. VIA A TELEPHOTO LENS - George Dupont approaches a parked Lexus.
78) 3) dialog: Things not looking so good for the mid-terms, Ron. You ask me, you're gonna need a lot more TV time.
78) 10) dialog: It needn't look that way. You’1ll be leading an inquiry into Sloane’s affairs in response to an article exposing her litany of misdeeds.
78) 12) dialog: We're arranging it.
78) 16) text: George's eyes betray a glimmer of regret. He got played - tactically, creatively, and ethically - and he knows it. admiration, even. A panelist Congressman BANGS his gavel and shouts: 120.