3) 3) dialog: Today’s a landmark day, you know why? Because I’m free.
3) 5) dialog: Quit my job.
3) 7) dialog: But I can quit today and-
3) 11) dialog: We're really calling it ‘Nutella tax’?
3) 13) dialog: Isn't palm oil in pretty much everything?
3) 15) dialog: OK, Estevez, Frame and Albert are in the bag, Hodges-
3) 17) dialog: -is under pressure. The F&B sector are organized. They represent 7% of the North Carolina economy and accounted for two thirds of job growth over the last twelve months. They're getting loud and he can’t afford to ignore them.
3) 19) dialog: What are you gonna do? Elizabeth FLUSHES the toilet (she never went) and exits.
4) 1) dialog: That's legitimate? They can ply him with champagne and truffles?
4) 3) dialog: So a Congressman can technically get rich by sponsoring bills that screw foreign governments and wait for them to buy him off?
4) 5) dialog: You see? This is why I’m thinking about post-grad.
4) 7) dialog: I’m not so sure I like the ‘real world.’
4) 9) dialog: You know that Socrates never actually wrote anything.
4) 10) text: That's beside the point. If you don’t like it, strive to change it. Which is what you’re already doing, that’s why you’re here. See? You’re exactly where you belong. Reasoned into a corner, Jane is silenced. Elizabeth is ho by a young intern (SPENCER).
14) 0) text: The morning meeting in full swing. Elizabeth quizzes her charge, Jane:
14) 2) dialog: Yes.
14) 4) dialog: Yes!
14) 49) dialog: I don’t know where I stand on this.
14) 52) dialog: Actually... The Gun Lobby will need someone to tally their vote count in Ross’ absence... I'll stay.
14) 54) dialog: You were right before. I’m at one of the best firms in the city. People come and go. I won’t let that affect my career here. I’1ll miss you, but the 3am wake-up calls? Not so much.
21) 5) dialog: Joel Patterson, high school history teacher. There was a renewed wave of anti-gun sentiment in Wisconsin after his wife and two children were shot dead in a mall.
21) 7) dialog: It hasn't died down. Big media still runs coverage on him. Mothers against guns marches, there was an online pledge to vote against anyone who opposes gun control-
21) 9) dialog: Patterson.
21) 11) dialog: Their name. The Patterson family.
21) 13) dialog: Actually, she’s cultivated it. Public support for gun control’s up 8% in the last two weeks alone. Wickman’s avoiding the Gun Lobby ‘cause if he gives them what they want, there’s a very real chance he won’t make it through fall.
33) 2) dialog: Eight of the top ten national news outlets are running it.
33) 7) dialog: It has its own Twitter feed.
33) 9) dialog: The rat.
53) 0) text: The pro-gun team (Ramirez, Travis, Wickham, Moore, Jane, Dutton and a few more JUNIORS) endure a Connors tirade.
65) 1) text: Jane presents stats to Bob Sandford and the Gun Lobby tea
65) 2) dialog: The public is overwhelmingly in favor of gun control. They’ve exploited this and secured the finance necessary to mount a serious challenge.
65) 4) dialog: Yes, but with 80% of the American public on their side, there’s still some way to go. With McGill in the news, this is as good as it gets for us.
65) 6) dialog: If we take all the uncommitted Congressmen and split them 50-50, they win. 60-40, they still win. We’d need 64% to scrape it.
65) 9) dialog: Very.
65) 36) dialog: She'd ply Congressmen with benefits. Free meals, tickets to events, golfing weekends. All paid for by our clients, via the firm.
65) 38) dialog: No, it’s not. She’d make a point of invoicing them. Every single benefit, from a flight ticket to a glass of champagne, she made me keep receipts and invoice the Congressmen. Sure, there was an understanding they’d never pay, but we’d always send an invoice. The debt shows as an asset on our balance sheet, we can theoretically call it in any time we want.
65) 40) dialog: Apparently so. You know, now that you ask, there was a time... (hesitates) Ah, it’s nothing.
65) 42) dialog: Just a silly technicality, I didn’t even notice, it was Franklin-
65) 44) dialog: What would happen? To her?
65) 46) dialog: (beat) There may have been a financial irregularity she glossed over. With the Kenyans, palm oil, the Nutella tax. I think she might have violated the gift ban.
73) 0) text: It’s packed to the rafters and BUZZING. Public gallery fu familiar faces. Connors, George Dupont, R.M. Dutton, Jane Rodolfo Schmidt and the whole of the Peterson Wyatt team.
77) 0) text: ELIZABETH (CONT’D) The truth is, I took on each and every one of my representations because I believed, as a matter of ideology, in the causes I for which advocated. (echoing George Dupont) Some may regard this as ‘infantile, save-the-world idealism’, but I’ve come to realize that conviction- lobbying served my interests very well; it catapulted me over the legions of mercenaries, to the very top of my industry; all without playing golf, or being a man. CHUCKLES from the crowd. Rodolfo Schmidt smiles widely, e glazed, remembering their very first conversation. 115. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) My point is this, and there’s no better place to make it than on national TV, before America’s assembled press... Brian and Ross share a look, remembering when they bemoan the absence of a platform for their under-publicized caus Their wheels turning: Did Elizabeth orchestrate all of th ELIZABETH (CONT’D) What sets humans apart is our capacity for reason. The foresight to realize that our interests are best served not by short-term grabs for personal gain, but by holding a real ideology... Cherishing it; using it as a guide for all our decisions and our actions. We can maximize our gain not by engaging in zero-sum games of I-win-you-lose, but by cooperating - doing what we believe is right, not just for ourselves, but for everyone. We'd all be better off this way, individually and collectively; we could all have it so much better - with so little effort, if only we could just see-- Elizabeth, usually so controlled and eloquent, stumbles o her words. The wall of granite has crumbled. She looks to colleagues in the gallery, each full of pride and admirat ELIZABETH (CONT’D) Now, I know I’m not the easiest person in the world to work with, but in this room sit two sets of people with very different ideologies. They found common ground and made huge sacrifices in their careers and personal lives, all in the name of doing what they believe is right. One almost lost her life in the process. Esme holds her gaze, her own walls finally coming down. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) Some put their identity on the line to serve a cause which ultimately protects the essence of what that very identity means to them. Clara clenches Alex’s hand, a lump in her throat, knowing Elizabeth has finally given her the acknowledgement she’s longed for. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) These people are not disinterested altruists. They’re just smart enough to realize that their own interests are best served by doing the right thing for society as a whole. 116. The team sit, wide-eyed, surprised, and moved by her trib In another section of the public gallery, Jane sits next George Dupont. She shares their expression. Elizabeth casts her gaze toward the six present Congressm who sit on the panel. They contemplate her words. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) I urge members of Congress to do likewise, and exercise their power and influence in a manner that benefits everyone, not just themselves. Many an honest politician has tried, only to be promptly voted out, because there’s always someone - some rat - who’s prepared to stoop lower than the rest to get his nose in the trough, and by so doing, turn the entire electoral process into a race to the bottom. Now she aims a pointed stare at Congressman Sperling hims who sits in stone-faced silence. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) Make no mistake. These are the real parasites on American democracy. Elizabeth tightens up her softening emotions, and levels chin, takes in the room. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) This game is one of trust; it only works when everyone is playing. People say, ad nauseam, that they want change. I appeal to our finest nature - for want of a better expression - to be that change. The packed room is stunned quiet. Journalists regard her earnestly. Photographers have stopped snapping, put their equipment down. Nobody expected this, not even Elizabeth.
77) 4) dialog: Mr. Dupont. I’d like to discuss my future.
77) 7) dialog: Actually, it is. She hands him an envelope.
77) 8) dialog: My resignation. (she stands) Academia’s more my scene. Jane pivots and exits. Dupont regards the envelope like i contains test results for Anthrax poisoning.
77) 15) dialog: If we take all the uncommitted Congressmen and split them 50-50, they win. 60-40, they still win. We'd need 64% to scrape it.
77) 17) dialog: Very.