1) 0) text: A REPORTER gives a live news update.
1) 1) dialog: Elizabeth Sloane is set to take the stand for the first time any moment now; the controversial lobbyist faces charges of bribery and corruption-
59) 8) dialog: We understand the assailant was a firearms enthusiast, and was targeting a leading figure in the gun control movement, who was traveling as a passenger on the bus. The assailant was then shot dead himself by a civilian passenger who was carrying a registered concealed firearm. Two people were rushed to hospital with non-life-threatening injuries in an incident that could’ve been much worse had this brave man not...
79) 1) dialog: We're live from Capitol Hill where George Dupont and Congressman Ron Sperling are due to face charges of conspiracy, corruption, and abuse of powers. If found guilty, both men could face lengthy jail sentences... MEDIA FRENZY as Congressman Sperling and George Dupont ar marched to their seats by a phalanx of CAPITOL POLICE.
79) 2) dialog: «+. Far-reaching scandal involving key players from D.C. lobbying firm Cole, Kravitz and Waterman; Bob Sandford, President of the Gun Lobby; award-winning journalist Pru West... INT. MINIMUM SECURITY WOMENS’ PRISON - DAY - PRESENT
79) 4) dialog: «+. Accused of buying a series of Congressional hearings to smear and frustrate pro-gun control advocate Elizabeth Sloane in her efforts to promote the Heaton-Harris Amend...
79) 5) dialog: «+. Expected to be signed into law on Tuesday, meaning, for the first time in America’s history, it will be impossible to buy a gun from anyone without undergoing extensive criminal and mental health background checks. EXT. MINIMUM SECURITY WOMENS’ PRISON - DAY - PRESENT Elizabeth is shown out of a discreet side exit. She’s dre in casual, comfortable clothing. A sharp contrast from he usual urban warrior business attire. She tries to hail a cab, but the first one to pass is occupied. Her eye catches something across the street... FORDE leans against the side of his pickup, a_cup of coff each hand. Their eyes meet. They hold the stare for a lon moment. Forde plays it cool as ever. He casually observes waiting for a reaction. Elizabeth straightens out. A smile creases her cheeks...