13) 34) dialog: You're pro-Heaton-Harris and it’s an open secret you're at war with your firm’s leadership. (beat) The Brady Campaign want you to lead the fight to pass the bill. Peterson Wyatt will employ you as a consultant, you’ll run defense out of our office, and when it’s over you’re free to choose from any of the D.C. behemoths in line for your signature. This is their quote. He writes down a number we don’t see and tears off the pi of paper he scribbled on earlier. She regards it with a s now wise to his strategy.
13) 36) dialog: I think my opinion of you is spot-on. His earnestness halts any immediate retort from her. She studies him. RODOLFO SCHMIDT (CONT’D) Don’t even think about telling me you don’t wanna take a swing at this. Maybe you’re the only one in this town who can pull it off. Anyway, it’s on the table. I’ve overspent my three minutes. Rodolfo walks off, but turns back - RODOLFO SCHMIDT (CONT’D) Where’s your car? Long pause. Elizabeth motions back down the street, from they came.
13) 40) text: Elizabeth sits in an armchair and leans forward. Her eyes around the room, she fidgets, unable to turn her brain of As if deciding to stop thinking once and for all, she lea back, closes her eyes and ceases all movement. Deep breat an attempt to induce sleep. It’s no use. She snaps out of it quickly, turns on a lamp snatches a book next to her - John Grisham's The Litigato Starts reading from her bookmark (she’s not far in), but discards it in no time. She’s wired. An idea has taken ho She glimpses around her place. It’s not a home; more a warehouse for files, boxes, and neatly-organized work-rel clutter. No family portraits. No photographs of a husband children. On hearing a faint MEOW, Elizabeth glances out the front window. A stray cat and two kittens lick the milk she set Elizabeth lets out a SIGH, as if this provides her some s measure of comfort. She catches her reflection in the win Ruffled and sleepless. She removes something from her pocket - the torn-off SHEE A NOTEPAD given to her by Rodolfo Schmidt. She considers then grabs her cell and makes a call. 24.
15) 0) text: Back in the hearing, Elizabeth is stone-faced, but fidget slightly. The wall of granite slowly being chipped away. We now recognize some of the faces in the public gallery: George Dupont, Connors, Rodolfo Schmidt.
19) 33) dialog: I was thinking we start by going round the room and introducing our-
19) 39) dialog: Esme’s our authority on gun control. When it comes to facts and figures, she has no equal. Ross’ note scribbling practically does a record scratch. needles him.
19) 50) dialog: (to Elizabeth) You settle in fast.
19) 56) dialog: We are?
19) 58) dialog: You're going to try to be normal?
20) 2) dialog: A skybox? At a hundred times the price of an average ticket? This is your attempt at being normal?
20) 19) dialog: Should've stayed in the office. INT. GUN LOBBY - BOB SANDFORD’S OFFICE - DAY - PAST GUNS. Pictures of guns. Model guns. A golden gun. He’s a pound bull and you wouldn’t mess with him anyway, but Bob Sandford's office isn’t designed to make you feel welcome He leans back in his executive chair, King of his empire. the hardened Connors is unusually subdued.
22) 24) dialog: Light reading?
22) 26) dialog: It’s the study of... Pulmon.
22) 28) dialog: Your heart needs the real estate?
22) 30) dialog: Though I guess that’s not a problem for you.
22) 32) dialog: (consults notes) It’s the first step toward a national register of firearms.
22) 34) dialog: The new rules will increase wait times by as long as two weeks.
22) 38) dialog: Anderson Cooper's earliest booking is late-May. You going to be that flippant on CNN?
28) 7) dialog: Tell me you haven't already spent it.
28) 9) dialog: Please God, don’t say...
28) 11) dialog: You’re aware that America now calls Florida “The Gunshine State”?
28) 13) dialog: The whole five hundred grand, gone?
28) 15) dialog: (in jest) Serves me right for hiring a woman.
28) 17) dialog: Almost as shocking as you being optimistic. 56.
28) 21) dialog: I liked you better as the merchant of doom.
29) 3) dialog: Liz Sloane, making a stand for the taxpayer, even from the left.
29) 5) dialog: Was it ever in the stable? 62.
29) 7) dialog: David Badgley, Senator from Michigan. Came out in support months ago, but he just gave a quote saying now he wants to “wait and see”. His PAC received twenty-five grand from the Gun Lobby two weeks ago.
29) 9) dialog: “Wait and see” were his words, so it’s really more like a ninety.
29) 11) dialog: Bang to rights.
29) 13) dialog: I have a con-call.
30) 10) dialog: Security, we’re in Cl, get in here. Lock down Cynthia Green’s office, secure her files and hard drives, and escort her off the premises. He hangs up. To Cynthia:
30) 11) dialog: Your Blackberry, now. Cynthia is speechless. Rodolfo HAMMERS his fist on temper glass.
30) 12) dialog: Now! Cynthia fumbles her Blackberry onto the table. SECURITY GUARDS enter.
30) 15) dialog: (to Elizabeth; exiting) We'll talk later.
31) 4) dialog: I'd introduce myself, but judging by this set-up, you may already know me very well.
31) 6) dialog: And you’re ex..?
31) 10) dialog: What exactly are you gentlemen capable of?
31) 12) dialog: How’d you manage that one?
31) 15) dialog: It’s a cockroach.
31) 20) dialog: My God...
31) 22) dialog: It’s mind-boggling, ingenious, and completely unacceptable.
31) 24) dialog: You're talking about blackmailing a member of Congress, and I won’t entertain it.
31) 26) dialog: Now, I appreciate that you often employ more creative tactics - to great effect, I might add - and, without prejudice to the undoubtedly stellar job you guys do... Our firm has certain standards below which we're simply not prepared to stoop.
31) 28) dialog: Good. Find an alternative. Rodolfo Schmidt exits the van. Elizabeth makes a phone ca
36) 3) dialog: Is that her? Busted, Brian hands it over. RODOLFO SCHMIDT (INTO PHONE) (CONT’D) I thought we agreed you’d focus on the debate, for just thirty minutes-— 70.
36) 5) dialog: Banning assault weapons doesn’t help people? Say, people who might otherwise have been victims of assault weapons?
36) 7) dialog: I see you’re in the mood for war, that’s good. Focus on the debate.
43) 2) dialog: That’s his cue...
45) 0) text: Later that night. Everyone has gone home. Elizabeth kicks her shoes, reclines in a chair and reads The Washington P Rodolfo Schmidt approaches, catches her unaware.
45) 1) dialog: You ever sleep?
45) 3) dialog: You put on quite a show.
45) 5) dialog: You really believe Heaton-Harris is going to make a big difference...
45) 7) dialog: Really?
45) 9) dialog: Did you know someone..? Someone who was a victim of gun-
45) 11) dialog: It’s not insulting, it’s-
45) 15) dialog: I see you’re still in kill mode.
45) 17) dialog: Well, then I‘'1l just say I didn’t mean to insult you and leave it at that. Rodolfo steps to the door, but stops -
45) 18) dialog: Liz? (beat) Thank you for doing this. They regard one another before he takes his leave. The sentiment lingers behind her softening eyes. Then she thr The Washington Post back up into her line of vision as we CUT TO BLACK. A moment’s silence.
48) 0) text: Elizabeth and Rodolfo Schmidt hover over a conference pho speaker.
48) 3) dialog: Hey guys. Let’s give it a couple minutes then.
49) 2) dialog: Sounds like time well spent. Clara?
62) 21) dialog: What now? 94.
62) 23) dialog: You coming? She shakes her head and Rodolfo exits. Elizabeth hesitate Decisively, she pulls out her cell, and makes a call.
67) 14) text: Rodolfo Schmidt and Elizabeth’s secretary LORRAINE sit at table. Elizabeth takes her seat.
67) 19) dialog: Because she doesn’t really want to meet you. She wants to say she reached out to you for an interview and never heard back. (off Elizabeth’s look) An insider at The Star got in contact. Word is, it’s a hit.
67) 21) dialog: You're not leaving this damn building without an attorney. Our in-house guy’s perfect. I don’t believe you two have met. INT. PETERSON WYATT - POSNER’S OFFICE - DAY - PAST
67) 22) text: Rodolfo Schmidt and one Daniel Posner are mid-argument.
67) 24) dialog: Because your job isn’t winning lobbying fights, it’s keeping us from getting sued-
68) 2) dialog: Liz, meet your protection.
70) 5) dialog: This isn’t good.
70) 8) dialog: So much for it going away.
70) 11) dialog: This is serious. That Sperling’s got the hots for you, do you two have a past?
70) 13) dialog: This could result in an indictment.
70) 20) dialog: She's right.
72) 50) dialog: FIFO. You’re supposed to be the most debased, corrupt operative on the hill, and the only thing they can nail you with is FIFO.
72) 57) dialog: Shameless bastards. That stunt with the prostitute - anyone who knows anything about you will know how utterly preposterous that is. Elizabeth and Posner exchange a quick glance. RODOLFO SCHMIDT (CONT’D) We fought the good fight. Got closer than we had any right to.
72) 63) dialog: We'll all be there tomorrow.
73) 0) text: It’s packed to the rafters and BUZZING. Public gallery fu familiar faces. Connors, George Dupont, R.M. Dutton, Jane Rodolfo Schmidt and the whole of the Peterson Wyatt team.
77) 0) text: ELIZABETH (CONT’D) The truth is, I took on each and every one of my representations because I believed, as a matter of ideology, in the causes I for which advocated. (echoing George Dupont) Some may regard this as ‘infantile, save-the-world idealism’, but I’ve come to realize that conviction- lobbying served my interests very well; it catapulted me over the legions of mercenaries, to the very top of my industry; all without playing golf, or being a man. CHUCKLES from the crowd. Rodolfo Schmidt smiles widely, e glazed, remembering their very first conversation. 115. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) My point is this, and there’s no better place to make it than on national TV, before America’s assembled press... Brian and Ross share a look, remembering when they bemoan the absence of a platform for their under-publicized caus Their wheels turning: Did Elizabeth orchestrate all of th ELIZABETH (CONT’D) What sets humans apart is our capacity for reason. The foresight to realize that our interests are best served not by short-term grabs for personal gain, but by holding a real ideology... Cherishing it; using it as a guide for all our decisions and our actions. We can maximize our gain not by engaging in zero-sum games of I-win-you-lose, but by cooperating - doing what we believe is right, not just for ourselves, but for everyone. We'd all be better off this way, individually and collectively; we could all have it so much better - with so little effort, if only we could just see-- Elizabeth, usually so controlled and eloquent, stumbles o her words. The wall of granite has crumbled. She looks to colleagues in the gallery, each full of pride and admirat ELIZABETH (CONT’D) Now, I know I’m not the easiest person in the world to work with, but in this room sit two sets of people with very different ideologies. They found common ground and made huge sacrifices in their careers and personal lives, all in the name of doing what they believe is right. One almost lost her life in the process. Esme holds her gaze, her own walls finally coming down. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) Some put their identity on the line to serve a cause which ultimately protects the essence of what that very identity means to them. Clara clenches Alex’s hand, a lump in her throat, knowing Elizabeth has finally given her the acknowledgement she’s longed for. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) These people are not disinterested altruists. They’re just smart enough to realize that their own interests are best served by doing the right thing for society as a whole. 116. The team sit, wide-eyed, surprised, and moved by her trib In another section of the public gallery, Jane sits next George Dupont. She shares their expression. Elizabeth casts her gaze toward the six present Congressm who sit on the panel. They contemplate her words. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) I urge members of Congress to do likewise, and exercise their power and influence in a manner that benefits everyone, not just themselves. Many an honest politician has tried, only to be promptly voted out, because there’s always someone - some rat - who’s prepared to stoop lower than the rest to get his nose in the trough, and by so doing, turn the entire electoral process into a race to the bottom. Now she aims a pointed stare at Congressman Sperling hims who sits in stone-faced silence. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) Make no mistake. These are the real parasites on American democracy. Elizabeth tightens up her softening emotions, and levels chin, takes in the room. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) This game is one of trust; it only works when everyone is playing. People say, ad nauseam, that they want change. I appeal to our finest nature - for want of a better expression - to be that change. The packed room is stunned quiet. Journalists regard her earnestly. Photographers have stopped snapping, put their equipment down. Nobody expected this, not even Elizabeth.