5) 5) dialog: Between five hundred and a thousand.
5) 7) dialog: Five hundred is really a minimum. The rest depends on things like weather; seems more people hate banks when the sun’s out. Enter PAT CONNORS (40s, Boston-Irish, foul-mouthed and fiercely loyal; the de facto second-in-command) .
5) 16) dialog: They put one of these over the whole of Manhattan. Ross draws a weather symbol on the whiteboard - a cloud w rain falling and sunshine behind it.
14) 36) dialog: I'm with you. Ross, the statistician, goes and stands behind Elizabeth. 27.
14) 38) dialog: She needs me more. Franklin follows suit.
19) 4) dialog: I kinda like it. Reminds me of Willy Wonka’s chocolate factory.
19) 6) dialog: The vending machine downstairs is weird. It wouldn’t dispense my beverage unless I told it my gender and age range.
19) 8) dialog: It’s OK, I just lied.
19) 16) dialog: Dead with the dodo.
19) 19) dialog: (to Cynthia) I guess that’s for them to decide, after all, it is, you know, their country.
19) 21) dialog: Less than 0.2% of global greenhouse gas emissions. Would you like to know by how many orders of magnitude the American industrial revolution eclipsed them, so we could grow fat off all that Nutella?
19) 29) dialog: She pees standing up. I don’t even do that. 36.
19) 32) dialog: Let's. Silence makes an instant return. People check their phone Backs straighten as Elizabeth and Rodolfo enter.
19) 44) dialog: Thirty-eight. Thirty-eight.
20) 9) dialog: This is moot, but just so you know, baseball isn’t America’s favorite pastime anymore. Statistically, I mean. The NFL has polled-
20) 18) dialog: So much for ‘relative privacy’.
22) 1) text: The team hard at work, making calls, crunching numbers. An entire wall is dedicated to bio mugshots of Congressme with red slashes over some and green ticks over others. S have no markings. This is their vote count. Ross stands and admires it with Cynthia, Franklin and Esm
22) 2) dialog: 217's the magic number. 217 gets us a majority-
22) 5) dialog: As. I. Was. Saying... (eyeing Esme) By my reckoning, the Gun Lobby has 191 votes pretty much locked - (motions to wall) That’s this side. I’d say we have 183 locked over on this side. That leaves 58 who are in play: these fine gentlemen in the middle. Heaton- Harris provisionally makes it to the floor in 179 days. (MORE )
22) 7) dialog: The good news is, if we lock down 34 of these money-sucking leeches, we’re over the line.
22) 9) dialog: There is that-
22) 11) dialog: That too-
22) 13) dialog: (finally) Yes. Elizabeth marches through the office, on the phone:
22) 15) dialog: Yeah! Twelve billion a year, $32 per gun in circulation!
26) 5) dialog: The obvious reason.
26) 7) dialog: What? No. It makes you look noble when you leak your identity.
26) 9) dialog: (parroting Elizabeth) There's no such thing as cynicism, only a word to denote the absence-
30) 22) dialog: Eeeuuuugggghhh.
40) 1) dialog: Fugu chefs. Come on. Fugu chefs!
49) 0) text: Esme is on both her cell and a landline intermittently, a shouts over the DIN of CROSS-TALK and RINGING PHONES in t campaign boiler room.
49) 12) dialog: Hel -- Hello? How do I get this thing to w-
50) 0) text: Ross speaks into a cell phone while Franklin conducts pedestrian surveys in this crowded shopping thoroughfare.
50) 1) dialog: Hello? We’re here!
50) 3) dialog: Quite the understatement. Listen to this... Ross puts his phone on speaker and accosts a SHOPPER (20s
50) 4) dialog: Excuse me, are you in favor of more thorough background checks for gun owners?
50) 6) dialog: Have you ever heard of the Heaton- Harris Amendment?
50) 8) dialog: Thank you, that’s all I needed. (into phone) You get that?
51) 4) dialog: Levels of support aren’t the problem, the problem is that we’re not reaching enough people, so support doesn't translate into action.
52) 1) text: Ross, Alex, Clara, Brian, and Franklin sit around the tab bereft of ideas. Ross writes something in his notebook. Everyone looks at him eagerly. He notices.
52) 2) dialog: No, I’m just reminding myself to buy a new toothbrush.
61) 2) dialog: How are you doing? 92.
61) 4) dialog: D’you know the statistical likelihood of being struck by lightening twice?
61) 6) dialog: -.. Neither do I. They finally share a smile.
62) 6) dialog: OK, so it’s not great. Finance was tailing off anyway, but on current projections, we can afford phone-
62) 8) dialog: We’d run them close. And we’ve gone further than I ever imagined. (MORE )
62) 10) dialog: But on latest projections, at our best pace... We’d come up anywhere between three to five votes short.
62) 18) dialog: That's a logistical nightmare I'd happily partake in.
70) 1) text: The entire room engrossed in the D.C. Star.
70) 4) dialog: I got four factual errors so far.
70) 7) dialog: Every attack since the Pru West hack- job that kicked it all off. Every single one just the right side of libelous.
70) 9) dialog: My personal favorite is the one about how you toppled the High School Head Prefect in a fabricated plagiarism scandal. I’m assuming that’s not libelous ‘cause I can totally see it.
70) 15) dialog: Are you kidding, for what?! Why?!
70) 18) dialog: We're 29 days ‘til the vote, still five votes down and losing ground. If they're orchestrating this, that’s exactly what they want- 104.
70) 21) dialog: We can’t run the campaign without-
70) 23) dialog: You didn't do anything.
71) 1) text: SUPER: September 21, 2015 Posner, Alex, and Elizabeth talk at crossed purposes.
72) 55) dialog: Comatose on its death bed. The whole issue’s gone cold.
72) 59) dialog: Right now, it’s not even making it to the floor.
72) 61) dialog: Seriously? An earthquake. Elizabeth nods, as if finally conceding defeat.
77) 0) text: ELIZABETH (CONT’D) The truth is, I took on each and every one of my representations because I believed, as a matter of ideology, in the causes I for which advocated. (echoing George Dupont) Some may regard this as ‘infantile, save-the-world idealism’, but I’ve come to realize that conviction- lobbying served my interests very well; it catapulted me over the legions of mercenaries, to the very top of my industry; all without playing golf, or being a man. CHUCKLES from the crowd. Rodolfo Schmidt smiles widely, e glazed, remembering their very first conversation. 115. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) My point is this, and there’s no better place to make it than on national TV, before America’s assembled press... Brian and Ross share a look, remembering when they bemoan the absence of a platform for their under-publicized caus Their wheels turning: Did Elizabeth orchestrate all of th ELIZABETH (CONT’D) What sets humans apart is our capacity for reason. The foresight to realize that our interests are best served not by short-term grabs for personal gain, but by holding a real ideology... Cherishing it; using it as a guide for all our decisions and our actions. We can maximize our gain not by engaging in zero-sum games of I-win-you-lose, but by cooperating - doing what we believe is right, not just for ourselves, but for everyone. We'd all be better off this way, individually and collectively; we could all have it so much better - with so little effort, if only we could just see-- Elizabeth, usually so controlled and eloquent, stumbles o her words. The wall of granite has crumbled. She looks to colleagues in the gallery, each full of pride and admirat ELIZABETH (CONT’D) Now, I know I’m not the easiest person in the world to work with, but in this room sit two sets of people with very different ideologies. They found common ground and made huge sacrifices in their careers and personal lives, all in the name of doing what they believe is right. One almost lost her life in the process. Esme holds her gaze, her own walls finally coming down. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) Some put their identity on the line to serve a cause which ultimately protects the essence of what that very identity means to them. Clara clenches Alex’s hand, a lump in her throat, knowing Elizabeth has finally given her the acknowledgement she’s longed for. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) These people are not disinterested altruists. They’re just smart enough to realize that their own interests are best served by doing the right thing for society as a whole. 116. The team sit, wide-eyed, surprised, and moved by her trib In another section of the public gallery, Jane sits next George Dupont. She shares their expression. Elizabeth casts her gaze toward the six present Congressm who sit on the panel. They contemplate her words. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) I urge members of Congress to do likewise, and exercise their power and influence in a manner that benefits everyone, not just themselves. Many an honest politician has tried, only to be promptly voted out, because there’s always someone - some rat - who’s prepared to stoop lower than the rest to get his nose in the trough, and by so doing, turn the entire electoral process into a race to the bottom. Now she aims a pointed stare at Congressman Sperling hims who sits in stone-faced silence. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) Make no mistake. These are the real parasites on American democracy. Elizabeth tightens up her softening emotions, and levels chin, takes in the room. ELIZABETH (CONT’D) This game is one of trust; it only works when everyone is playing. People say, ad nauseam, that they want change. I appeal to our finest nature - for want of a better expression - to be that change. The packed room is stunned quiet. Journalists regard her earnestly. Photographers have stopped snapping, put their equipment down. Nobody expected this, not even Elizabeth.
77) 12) dialog: We'd run them close. And we've gone further than I ever imagined. But on the latest projections... We'd come up anywhere between three to five votes short.