45) 0) text: A dark, musty council room, where theologians and learned doctors of the Church sit in wooden tiers, examining Jeanne.  Archbishop Regnault is among them.  So too is Jean d'Aulon -- but he as a silent, albeit supportive observer. Jeanne stands in the center of the room, hands folded, as though on trial.  She's evidently been here many hours.
117) 0) text: The cheering continues as another Messenger races along a similar stone corridor and bursts in on the haggard Duke of BEDFORD.  He is the English regent, and is in council with several others, including the Bishop of Beauvais -- one Pierre CAUCHON.  As Bedford hears the news, the cheering FADES.  He rises from his chair...
119) 0) text: Backstage pandemonium as Charles is readied for his imminent coronation.  A glamorous Gilles tries to help hi into his ermine robe; Tremoille stands with Archbishop Regnault, adjusting his gold-trimmed cloak.  An ancient BISHOP -- palsied and pushing 80 -- stands by, hands a-trembling.
119) 5) dialog: Sire, we were only given three days to prepare -- three days! -- Why, your father's coronation took three months! Charles turns to Tremoille --
119) 13) dialog: Oh yes, my lady.  All true kings of France must first be anointed in our great cathedral of Rheims... with the holy oil of Clovis... for it was within these very walls that Saint Remy received the sacred oil from Heaven, brought to him by a white dove for the anointing of King Clovis...
119) 22) dialog: What in heaven's name are you talking about?
119) 24) dialog: Gone??  But that's impossible -- it's magic oil... I mean miraculous oil -- it can never be exhausted...
119) 27) dialog: I don't understand... the holy oil of Clovis... it was quite full the last time I saw it...
119) 29) dialog: Well... at the coronation of King Charles VI...
119) 31) dialog: No no, you don't understand -- this is no ordinary oil -- this is miraculous... this oil was brought from heaven by a white dove to crown King Clovis in this... very... cathedral... Yolande has moved away, to be replaced by the hideously- scarred Richmond.  The Bishop's voice trails as he sees Yolande beyond him, taking an oil lamp from the wall and pouring a little oil into the jar.
119) 32) dialog: W-w-what are you doing?!
120) 0) text: Two tiers of boys sing in plainsong as Charles enters through a small door and into the vastness of the crowded Cathedral.  It is filled to capacity, with Jeanne's comrades-in-arms filling the front pews like eager fans, straining for a glimpse of her. Tremoille waddles behind Charles, with Regnault, Yolande and Richmond in tow.  Next, the two page boys -- and then at last the main attraction as far as this congregation i concerned -- the crowd lets out an audible gasp as Jeanne enters in her white armor, carrying her proud, war-scarre banner and escorted by Jean d'Aulon. La Hire is so moved at the sight that he has to wipe away big soppy tears (for sentimentality was ever the flip-sid of cruelty).  Alencon and Dunois likewise gaze at their adored one, though Gilles is perhaps more taken with the cherubic choir boys... Jeanne trembles with emotion.  This is the peak of her career, and she knows it, and she's making the most of it As the little procession reaches the nave, all but Charle filter aside.  He walks forward alone to where Archbishop Regnault is standing -- a few paces -- then stops, turns -- and holds out his hands to Jeanne. The crowd gasp with approval at the unprecedented gesture... La Hire briefly claps, before being dug in the ribs by Gilles... but the kingly act provokes jealous looks from Regnault and Tremoille... Jeanne hesitates, then is almost willed on by the crowd into joining Charles.  She stands a little aside as he kneels.  Regnault sprinkles the Holy Oil on his sovereign's head...