8) 16) dialog: Now that's what I call booty! Blackbeard turns back to his comrades, who are sharing ou a roast chicken between them.  Catherine picks up the sword dropped by Jeanne as Blackbeard swaggers up to her...
8) 17) dialog: A woman with a sword? (to his comrades)
8) 20) dialog: Fine with me.  I love women. He undoes his buckle.  From her POV behind the cupboard door, Jeanne can just about see Blackbeard's face through a crack.  Catherine raises the heavy sword as Blackbeard advances, then brings it sweeping down.  But he intercept it effortlessly, grasping the blade as though it were a twig...
8) 21) dialog: Oh... now you've hurt my feeling... He puts his hand around her throat, rips off her little wooden cross, pins her against the door, then, with a lecherous roar, plunges his face on her... Jeanne is terrified.  Blackbeard has his tunic down and i attempting to gain entry -- Catherine tries to scream -- he slams his hand over her mouth -- she bites it -- Blackbeard howls... with laughter.  Now his juices are really moving.  Catherine squirms against the door, twisting and turning --
8) 22) dialog: Hold still, bitch.  How can I do it if you keep wriggling about? He picks her up by the throat, lifts her clear off the floor by several inches, then rams the sword clean throug her gut and the door behind her, the blade just missing Jeanne.
8) 23) dialog: There, that's better. With a grin at his comrades, Blackbeard resumes his intercourse with the lifeless Catherine.  Behind the door Jeanne is suffocating with terror. The little wooden necklace lies on the floor in f.g. as Blackbeard pulls up his pants and turns to his comrades -
8) 24) dialog: Your turn.
161) 31) dialog: Now that's what I call booty! He is none other than her sister's rapist and murderer. Jeanne reacts in terror...
161) 33) dialog: (undoing his belt)
161) 36) dialog: Of course not, sweetheart... if you promise to do as I say... Blackbeard caresses her cheek and tries to force her legs apart, but she resists -- whispers imploringly...
161) 38) dialog: Hey, come on... open up...! His two comrades egg him on.  Jeanne struggles even harder, and Blackbeard suddenly becomes violent.  He grab her by the throat, thrusts her against the bed and tears off her clothes.  Jeanne suddenly goes berserk, yelling and thrashing like a cornered animal.
161) 39) dialog: Stop screaming like that!  You'll wake up the whole bleedin' castle! Blackbeard clamps his hand over her mouth, whereupon Jeanne summons hidden reserves of strength, and in a sudden surge manages to clamp her chains around Blackbeard's neck... she presses down on the chains, choking him, strangling him...! The two other soldiers come to Blackbeard's rescue and manage to haul her off.  Blackbeard gropes his throat, then belts her across the face...
161) 40) dialog: Ah, so you want to play it rough? Good... I like it better that way! He pulls out a knife and starts to tear at her clothes while the two others hold her down.  Jeanne struggles for her life -- yelling, spitting, biting, scratching -- Blackbeard is too excited to pay any attention.  Nor does he notice the door open and the Duchess enter with the Guard.
161) 44) dialog: We were just having a little fun, that's all, keeping her company.
161) 46) dialog: We were serving our country... just obeying orders, ma'am... The Duchess doesn't want to hear more...
161) 48) dialog: See you later, angel. The soldiers leave and the Guard bolts the door behind them.  Jeanne curls up on her bed, destroyed, humiliated, lost.  The Duchess caresses her face and doesn't know wha to do to comfort her.  The Guard brings a blanket -- probably his.