25) 2) dialog: Louis, shouldn't you be learning your lessons?
25) 4) dialog: You will, you will.  But for now, you must learn... at least to wipe your nose. Charles (who speaks with a slight stutter) affectionately wipes his son's nose with a corner of his shirt.  Beyond them, a young soldier, Jean d'AULON, arrives with a scroll.
25) 7) dialog: I can read for myself, you know. While Charles reads, Tremoille turns aside to Regnault --
25) 9) dialog: She says she'll be here tomorrow...!
25) 11) dialog: What difference does it make where she comes from?
25) 15) dialog: (snatching back letter)
25) 19) dialog: (snatches back letter)
25) 24) dialog: Ah, Yolande... and what makes you think the exact opposite of my two most trusted advisors? Yolande smiles, though hardly a devoted smile.  Mild contempt would be more accurate.
25) 27) dialog: You think?
25) 29) dialog: W-w-what has that got to do with this Maiden?
25) 31) dialog: You really think she's been sent... by God?
27) 0) text: Celebrations after a hunt.  Troubadours play -- a whole tree trunk is burning in the vast chimney.  A Page comes running into the big room and hurries excitedly over to Charles.
27) 2) dialog: Alright, alright -- calm yourself.
27) 4) dialog: My astrologers assure me that the hour is p-p-propitious -- Leo, with Virgo rising.  Have you ever noticed on the astrological chart how the Virgin is next to the Lion?
27) 6) dialog: Tremoille, I'm not even king yet... who'd want to assassinate me? Looking around at his courtiers?  They all would.
29) 2) dialog: So... I suppose I'd better make a decision. Charles glances between Tremoille, Regnault and Yolande, but -- either by accident of will -- none are looking his way.  He sighs deeply to the dashing, open-faced young soldier we saw earlier, Jean d'AULON...
29) 3) dialog: Oh dear, why is life so complicated? Sometimes I really wish I could be someone else.
29) 5) dialog: What do you mean?
29) 7) dialog: ... if she can find me? -- That's a brilliant idea!  If she's really been sent by God she'll discover the trap, and if she's an assassin she'll kill the wrong man! (to the page)
29) 8) text: Bring her up! Charles turns to a coterie of ARMY CAPTAINS, standing aside and aloof from the courtiers whom they evidently despise.
29) 9) dialog: My dear Captains, I've had a brilliant idea!  We're going to have a little game.  Now... let's pretend my throne is empty.  Who wants to be the king? They all put up their hands...
29) 10) dialog: Now there's a heart-warming sight! So let's see... which one of you could possibly pass as king? He turns to the Duke of ALENCON, 25, strikingly handsome in his bright, gilded armor.
29) 11) dialog: Ah, Alencon, my noble duke, my royal cousin -- so fine, so brave, so rich -- so very rich -- so far-too-rich to be the King of France.  Everyone knows I'm the poorest man in my kingdom. He turns to GILLES de Rais:  a dark, glamorous seducer, dressed in black armor with a ring through one ear.
29) 12) dialog: Gilles de Rais... Marshal of France... formidable to men, fascinating to women, feared by all. You'd be perfect to sit on my throne... so perfect that you might like it too much for my own piece of mind. Charles turns to the bearded La Hire.
29) 13) dialog: Ah, La Hire -- my angry captain... the bravest in France -- scarred by a dozen wars, but with heart and stomach for a dozen more.  You could pass for the king...
29) 15) dialog: ... until you opened your mouth.  No one with a tongue like yours could pass as the King of France. The other Captains laugh heartily.
29) 16) dialog: Ah well... it looks as though it's going to have to be me after all... But... wait a minute... Charles spots the shy Jean d'Aulon.  Unlike the other court toadies, Aulon is a quiet, honorable man.
29) 17) dialog: Why not you -- Jean d'Aulon?  The only man who's poorer than I am, and so the only man I can trust. Dignified, honorable, wise... what more could we ask of a king?
29) 19) dialog: My dear Aulon, to you it shall befall the honor of impersonating the royal blood!
29) 21) dialog: Why, are you not ready to die for your king?
29) 23) dialog: Good.  Until then, feel free to live like a king! Laughter -- then the sound of approaching excitement.
29) 24) dialog: Hurry, hurry -- on the throne...
31) 0) text: Charles unceremoniously dumps Aulon on the throne...
31) 2) dialog: So... pretend it's not a game. Charles abandons Aulon and disappears among his courtiers A pair of PAGE BOYS swing open the doors:  the courtiers turn expectantly; Aulon tries to pose as the king. From the Court's POV, a girl of 17 enters the great hall, dressed in a grubby tunic, with long hair tied back beneath a hood.  There could not be a more striking contrast than the sophisticated, opulent, yet cowardly courtiers and this naive, rough girl, almost childlike in her simplicity, and yet so focused, so confident, so secure in her mission, with a courage that radiates conviction, and is contagious. The courtiers step back to form a narrow channel as she moves into the great hall.  Yolande marks the effect her presence has on the court, smiling at their bemused gazes Jeanne passes the Archbishop, who defends himself by sprinkling holy water in her path.  Tremoille oils his wa toward her with a can-I-help ingratiating smile...
31) 10) text: Find him yourself. A brief pause, then Jeanne takes up the challenge.  She moves on, examining the faces acutely.  Although a few of the wimpoled ladies find her simple peasant dress amusing most are caught like moths in her flame.  She notices the Three Captains (La Hire, Alencon and Gilles de Rais) edging closer together, as though shielding someone beyond. Jeanne approaches them -- they draw closer together, but now we can see Charles, overtly curious, yet anxious to remain hidden.  His inquisitiveness wins -- but as Jeanne walks up to him, the Three Captains spring in front of her, swords drawn, the tips pressing at her throat...
31) 12) dialog: I'm... I'm not the king...
31) 14) dialog: H-h-how did you know who I am?
31) 19) dialog: Follow me. He leads her from the room.  Tremoille hurriedly follows them.  Charles turns round in the doorway, barring him further access.
31) 21) dialog: My dear loyal Tremoille, I know I can count on you...
31) 23) dialog: ... to ensure our privacy.  I need to talk to her.  Alone. Tremoille looks non-plussed.
32) 0) text: Jeanne is seated facing Charles in front of a huge fire. As the scene unfolds, their faces draw closer and closer. Her voice is soft and sweet, but her conviction is absolute.
33) 0) text: Charles is intrigued...
35) 0) text: -- Charles jumps back, startled yet totally absorbed. Jeanne's eyes sparkle with tears --
35) 4) dialog: You did well...
37) 0) text: Charles is in suspense, his face sweating...
37) 1) dialog: ... and what... what did he say?
37) 4) dialog: I trust you, Jeanne -- I do -- and I envy your certainty, but how can I be certain that I have the right to call myself king when I don't even know who my father is.  My mother can't even remember... I -- I need to know... Jeanne gazes at him a moment, then places her hands eithe side of his head and draws him slowly forward until both their foreheads are touching...
38) 0) text: Jeanne's hands hold Charles' head, as though she has just crowned him.  For Charles, the fantasy has become reality
39) 0) text: The Courtiers talk among themselves, nervously awaiting Charles to rejoin them.  Presently the door opens and Charles emerges, followed by Jeanne.  He is a man transfigured.  Tremoille looks anxious.  Charles glances at them, their expectant eyes awaiting his verdict.  He leads Jeanne across to Aulon.
39) 1) dialog: Jeanne, this is -- in fact -- my loyal friend and finest archer, Jean d'Aulon.  Jean... I place her in your care.  Find her suitable lodgings -- here -- in the castle... and guard her with your life.
39) 4) dialog: Orleans has held out for six months. I don't suppose a few days will make much difference.  Take some rest. Jeanne follows Jean d'Aulon from the Great Hall, watched in silence by his courtiers.  As soon as she's gone, the whole room is filled with the myriad buzz of opinion. Gilles gives Charles the eye...
39) 6) dialog: She'll cast her spell on everyone if she's given half a chance... and we must ensure that she gets that chance. The Captains look astonished.
39) 7) dialog: Can you imagine the effect it will have on the English -- to see a girl riding at the head of our army?
39) 10) dialog: No -- I mean yes! -- of course...
39) 12) dialog: Of course not!  You're the ones in command, as always... but if she can put back the fire in our soldiers, then maybe you, my dear Captains, will be able to raise the siege of Orleans.  What do you think?
39) 15) dialog: Please, my friends... you know me... you know how certain I am about everything, but -- maybe for the first time in my life I -- I don't know why -- but I feel I have to trust her... and now I'm asking you -- I'm begging you -- to trust me...
43) 2) dialog: She's going to do it. Tremoille exchanges a worried glance with Archbishop Regnault, who is standing behind Charles.
43) 5) dialog: My captains have sworn their support.
43) 8) dialog: You will??
43) 14) dialog: How can anyone be absolutely certain about anything?  Our intuitions are sometimes our best counselors...
43) 18) dialog: Let's find out.
116) 0) text: As the cheering builds, we see a Messenger race along a corridor and burst into the throne room.  Charles slowly rises on hearing the joyous news, clapping his hands in delight -- not least at the discomfort of Tremoille and Regnault.  But Yolande shares his enthusiasm, although we sense that the news comes as no great surprise.
119) 0) text: Backstage pandemonium as Charles is readied for his imminent coronation.  A glamorous Gilles tries to help hi into his ermine robe; Tremoille stands with Archbishop Regnault, adjusting his gold-trimmed cloak.  An ancient BISHOP -- palsied and pushing 80 -- stands by, hands a-trembling.
119) 1) dialog: It's too tight -- where's the seamstress?  And that... (pointing to crown)
119) 4) dialog: I asked for a grandiose coronation, and this is what you give me?  This whole thing's going to be a complete fiasco...!
119) 6) dialog: He's probably right -- let's call a delay...
119) 8) dialog: Let them come!  Let them see who's the true king of France! Further away, Dunois is examining himself in a looking- glass.  He is standing with Gilles de Rais, both resplendent in their armor, now cleaned and polished...
119) 11) dialog: Those damn English... we should be doing this in Paris... in Notre Dame -- much more prestigious -- and twice as big as this one! Yolande, who has been standing quietly in the shadows wit Richmond, steps forward...
119) 16) dialog: They wouldn't dare!
119) 20) dialog: Hurry up! Further away, the Bishop's assistant Canon hurries in, holding a small jar --
119) 34) dialog: Ah, Jeanne... come here...!  This whole coronation idea of yours is a fiasco... nothing is ready...
119) 36) dialog: ... and my crown doesn't fit and... (breaking off)
120) 0) text: Two tiers of boys sing in plainsong as Charles enters through a small door and into the vastness of the crowded Cathedral.  It is filled to capacity, with Jeanne's comrades-in-arms filling the front pews like eager fans, straining for a glimpse of her. Tremoille waddles behind Charles, with Regnault, Yolande and Richmond in tow.  Next, the two page boys -- and then at last the main attraction as far as this congregation i concerned -- the crowd lets out an audible gasp as Jeanne enters in her white armor, carrying her proud, war-scarre banner and escorted by Jean d'Aulon. La Hire is so moved at the sight that he has to wipe away big soppy tears (for sentimentality was ever the flip-sid of cruelty).  Alencon and Dunois likewise gaze at their adored one, though Gilles is perhaps more taken with the cherubic choir boys... Jeanne trembles with emotion.  This is the peak of her career, and she knows it, and she's making the most of it As the little procession reaches the nave, all but Charle filter aside.  He walks forward alone to where Archbishop Regnault is standing -- a few paces -- then stops, turns -- and holds out his hands to Jeanne. The crowd gasp with approval at the unprecedented gesture... La Hire briefly claps, before being dug in the ribs by Gilles... but the kingly act provokes jealous looks from Regnault and Tremoille... Jeanne hesitates, then is almost willed on by the crowd into joining Charles.  She stands a little aside as he kneels.  Regnault sprinkles the Holy Oil on his sovereign's head...
123) 0) text: She bursts in on Charles, who is cavorting in a bath-tub with a few frivolous females.
123) 1) dialog: Well, this is an unexpected pleasure.  Ladies, let me introduce you to the celebrated Jeanne... The damsels titter...
123) 3) dialog: Now hold on -- you're not captain here... on the battlefield perhaps, but not in the royal bedchamber!
123) 5) dialog: Gave you?  Well now, I wouldn't quite put it like that...
123) 8) dialog: Well... we are, of course, enormously grateful for your past efforts, but your task is done.  Now it's time for negotiation... and after many months of skillful work, our dear Tremoille is about to seal a treaty with our Burgundian friends who will no longer lend their support to the English.  You see, my dear Jeanne... as it is written in the Bible, "to everything there is a season:  a time for war, and a time for peace"...
123) 10) dialog: Why do you have to be so bloodthirsty?  Do you enjoy it?  All that blood and noise and pain? Diplomacy is far more civilized... far safer... and far cheaper... Jeanne angrily holds out a fistful of letters --
123) 12) dialog: If only she would just go home.
128) 0) text: Regnault, Tremoille and Yolande coil about Charles like serpents.  Charles looks at them all.
128) 1) dialog: It's true.  There's only one king... people need to be reminded of that. Nevertheless... Jeanne has done so much for us...
128) 3) dialog: I... I can't stop her.
128) 6) dialog: I... I don't know... it'll sound like we... betrayed her...?
128) 11) dialog: But... her army's so small now...
138) 2) dialog: Very generous of you all.  How much?
138) 4) dialog: 10,000... that's a lot... but I fear not enough.  But it will be my pleasure to make up the difference. (to Archbishop Regnault)
143) 0) text: Aulon bursts into the room to find Charles, Regnault and Tremoille in conversation...
143) 1) dialog: My dear Aulon... (dismissing Guards)
143) 4) dialog: It's a miracle she's not dead!
143) 6) dialog: Jean, it's... it's not so easy...
143) 8) dialog: Jean... me dear, loyal Jean... why do you want to oppose the will of God?  Jeanne wanted to go to Compiegne -- we let her -- she got caught.  Then, on my personal orders, Regnault proposed 30,000 crowns for her ransom, and once again the answer was no.  And now you say she tried to escape, and the answer is still no.  Jean, open your eyes -- can't you see the hand of God in all this?
143) 15) dialog: Tremoille... don't.  Please... Tremoille hesitates a beat.  Still holding the tip of his sword at Charles' throat, Aulon motions to Tremoille...