48) 0) text: DUNOIS is alone, writing a letter at a small table --
48) 1) dialog: Which side's that?
48) 4) dialog: Calm yourself, Xaintrailles.  Now slowly.  Who has finally done what?
48) 6) dialog: (deadpan)
48) 9) dialog: Xaintrailles...!  Don't talk to me about miracles... (pointing to hole in floor)
48) 10) text: If I was still sitting there waiting for a miracle, I'd be dead now. Anyway... Dunois looks up at the sky, now visible through a hole in the roof.
48) 12) dialog: (sighs)
49) 0) text: The walled city of Orleans stands in the distance on the far side of the river Loire.  CAMERA CRANES DOWN to find Dunois, Xaintrailles and a small escort of soldiers, waiting atop a ridge where they're evidently been for som time.
49) 2) dialog: Maybe they never sent anyone. TRAVELING SHOT:  Horse's hooves galloping...
49) 5) dialog: Blue... TRAVELING SHOT:  Stirrups press into the horse's flanks..
49) 6) dialog: ... with a blue ribbon in her hair to tie up Talbot! TRAVELING SHOT:  the horse's eyes, wild and dilated...
49) 7) dialog: Does anyone know if she even knows how to ride a horse? TRAVELING SHOT:  horse's legs at the triple gallop...
49) 10) dialog: Yes... they were.
49) 12) dialog: Everywhere.  Where is the food?
49) 14) dialog: I know...
49) 16) dialog: He's on the other side of the river. Now La Hire and Gilles de Rais ride into view...
49) 23) dialog: Well... sort of...
49) 28) dialog: Wait, wait...
49) 30) dialog: Because... because -- I mean -- the English have a broad sense of humor, but... I mean, you don't understand... to them you're a witch, working for the devil.  What makes you think they'll listen to you?
49) 32) dialog: Well.  I'd love to see that, but after taking counsel with my captains, I felt it would be better to first bring the food into the city, then wait till Alencon arrives with reinforcements before doing anything.
49) 34) dialog: (matching her anger)
52) 0) text: A frustrated Jeanne marches into Dunois' new war-room. Dunois enters, followed by his Captains, and is happy to see a model of Orleans...
52) 1) dialog: La Hire, Gilles -- let me show you something... The Captains go into a huddle, leaving Jeanne smarting. She looks out of the window, where the crowd is still trying to catch a glimpse of her.
52) 5) text: Because none of you will listen to me!! She shouts in frustration, and Dunois and the other captains swing round.  Dunois waits for the echo to die away.
52) 6) dialog: Would you like to join us?  We're about to discuss the campaign... Jeanne walks over, still vexed.  Using the model, Dunois continues his situation briefing.
52) 7) dialog: From here, Talbot has spread his forces between these forts up here, but in the last few days it seems -- according to our scouts -- that some troops have been deployed to this fort here -- which makes me think that this is where they'll be launching their attack from... Dunois points to St. Loup -- a smaller fort to the east.
52) 9) dialog: I doubt it.  From here they won't be able to utilize the river, whereas over here the current will be with them.
52) 11) dialog: That's the Tourelles.  The English were planning to launch an attack from it, but then we broke down the bridge, which should keep them quiet for a while.  My hunch is, the attack will come from St. Loup. He pauses, then turns to Jeanne, somewhat apprehensively.
52) 14) dialog: So... what is the message?
52) 16) dialog: Jeanne, that really makes no sense at all.  The Tourelles is virtually impregnable... besides, if we're on the other side of the river attacking the Tourelles, what's to stop Talbot attacking the city from the north?
52) 22) dialog: Jeanne, with respect -- we can't just attack the Tourelles like that -- it's a very complicated matter and...
52) 26) dialog: Jeanne, you have to understand -- it's not easy for us -- I mean for our pride -- to suddenly be usurped by a -- well, with all due respect, by a... girl.
52) 28) dialog: Jeanne, put yourself in my shoes for a moment -- how would you feel, if you were me?
54) 0) text: Dunois reads the parchment that Aulon hands to him...
59) 0) text: SMASH CUT into the fury of battle -- swords hacking through armor, whirling maces smashing visors, blood spurting from severed limbs... Among the combatants: Dunois, Alencon, La Hire and Gilles...
67) 6) text: We didn't take them... we wanted to be fast... wanted to make a surprise attack... Dunois rides up and Jeanne assails him --
67) 8) dialog: Can we -- uh -- discuss this later?
67) 10) dialog: Come back... you'll be killed! But Jeanne's not listening.  She's been waiting long enough for this moment, and now she has it, there's no going back.  She stands in her stirrups and shouts out --
68) 0) text: ... toward the astonished English.  One moment they were pursuing their hapless enemies, but now an avenging angel bears down on them, sunlight glinting off her armor.  The start racing back toward their own fortifications:  the bastille St. Loup -- a great fortress amid a network of trenches and tunnels... The French army is finally behaving as a single organism whereas the English cohesion fragments into shards of individual panic -- every man for himself!  They regard Jeanne as a sorceress, and terror spreads like cancer among their ranks.  They turn and flee back to their own lines, only to be bombarded by a fusillade of their own missiles, poorly aimed at the French. Soon the St. Loup tower is ablaze, the English are forced to abandon their fortress... and the French finally get t celebrate their first victory within living memory. Jeanne has become an object of worship and veneration, an the soldiers crowd about her, cheering her as their savior.  Presently Dunois rides up with his Captains...
68) 1) dialog: It's a great victory, Jeanne... your victory.  But we must follow it through and pursue the English back to Talbot's camp... unless of course you have another good idea? Jeanne closes her eyes a moment... then smiles at Dunois.
68) 5) dialog: How do you know?! FLASH:  Jeanne and her army are silently moving through a forest.  From her POV, she notices hundreds of fresh trees-stumps...
71) 0) text: Jeanne rides at the head of the army, flanked by Dunois, La Hire, Alencon, Gilles, Aulon, Xaintrailles.  They halt in front of a ruined monastery to the south of the Tourelles.  Jeanne gives instructions for the placement o artillery...
71) 2) dialog: The wind will be against us...
72) 4) dialog: Let's plan this attack a little more carefully than this morning...
72) 7) text: My fine soldiers...! Dunois turns to see Jeanne, standing before the army...
75) 0) text: Dunois surveys his army's attempt to storm the English battery.  It is now dusk, and without Jeanne the battle has become a half-hearted affair.  He turns to a trumpete as Aulon comes running up...
75) 2) dialog: Good.
75) 4) dialog: (to the Trumpeter)
75) 7) dialog: I made no such promise.  Sound the retreat for the night!
75) 9) dialog: I'm fed up with taking her orders. She swore she'd defeat the English before nightfall, instead of which she goes and plays the fool and gets herself nearly killed!  Look at the mess we're in!  That's her mess, not mine...!  We're worse off then if she'd never come at all! (to the Trumpeter)
77) 5) text: ... life for a life! ... a final FLASH, and her whole army is now a seething swarm of SKELETONS.  With a curdling cry of vengeance the race forward, passing either side of her... Jeanne turns to see the skeleton army heading across a bizarre bridge and onto the moonlit battery, flowing either side of the 8 year-old BOY she saw in the woods as a child.  Intrigued, Jeanne follows him, but by the time she reaches him, the boy has disappeared.  The skeletons have also vanished, to be replaced by an army of little English boys in man-sized armor, heading toward a distant figure. The boy-soldiers are being welcomed by the beautiful MAN Jeanne saw earlier.  He smiles at her, extending his arms in a Christ-like gesture of embrace... As Jeanne approaches him, others turn to welcome her -- Aulon, Dunois, Alencon... finally La Hire, holding out hi arms --
80) 2) dialog: What's going on?
82) 2) dialog: Jeanne, what are you doing with that... you've got it back to front...
94) 0) text: Meanwhile Jeanne returns to Dunois and La Hire --
94) 2) dialog: We need another ten minutes...
98) 0) text: Dunois views the massacred soldiers lying on the bridge amid the dying flames.  Jeanne is about to mount her horse...
98) 2) dialog: Jeanne, don't do it!  Just stop and think for once!  Don't you see?  The gate's a trap... and he's the bait! Redbeard roars with laughter as Jeanne yells back --
115) 1) dialog: Well...?  Shall we go?
115) 3) dialog: The English won't wait. Jeanne hesitates...
115) 11) dialog: Never wait for miracles.  Stand by to attack... The serried ranks of English infantry close in, then halt We're ready for the worst, and it takes Jeanne -- and us -- a full twenty seconds to realize what is happening: the English are leaving.  First the cavalry, then the infantry, finally the archers themselves. Jeanne cannot believe her eyes.  She burst out laughing and crying at the same time.  The French captains gape in astonishment.  Finally La Hire can contain himself no longer --
119) 9) dialog: It's been muddy for so long, I forgot how good it looked when cleaned up...
120) 0) text: Two tiers of boys sing in plainsong as Charles enters through a small door and into the vastness of the crowded Cathedral.  It is filled to capacity, with Jeanne's comrades-in-arms filling the front pews like eager fans, straining for a glimpse of her. Tremoille waddles behind Charles, with Regnault, Yolande and Richmond in tow.  Next, the two page boys -- and then at last the main attraction as far as this congregation i concerned -- the crowd lets out an audible gasp as Jeanne enters in her white armor, carrying her proud, war-scarre banner and escorted by Jean d'Aulon. La Hire is so moved at the sight that he has to wipe away big soppy tears (for sentimentality was ever the flip-sid of cruelty).  Alencon and Dunois likewise gaze at their adored one, though Gilles is perhaps more taken with the cherubic choir boys... Jeanne trembles with emotion.  This is the peak of her career, and she knows it, and she's making the most of it As the little procession reaches the nave, all but Charle filter aside.  He walks forward alone to where Archbishop Regnault is standing -- a few paces -- then stops, turns -- and holds out his hands to Jeanne. The crowd gasp with approval at the unprecedented gesture... La Hire briefly claps, before being dug in the ribs by Gilles... but the kingly act provokes jealous looks from Regnault and Tremoille... Jeanne hesitates, then is almost willed on by the crowd into joining Charles.  She stands a little aside as he kneels.  Regnault sprinkles the Holy Oil on his sovereign's head...