31) 10) text: Find him yourself. A brief pause, then Jeanne takes up the challenge.  She moves on, examining the faces acutely.  Although a few of the wimpoled ladies find her simple peasant dress amusing most are caught like moths in her flame.  She notices the Three Captains (La Hire, Alencon and Gilles de Rais) edging closer together, as though shielding someone beyond. Jeanne approaches them -- they draw closer together, but now we can see Charles, overtly curious, yet anxious to remain hidden.  His inquisitiveness wins -- but as Jeanne walks up to him, the Three Captains spring in front of her, swords drawn, the tips pressing at her throat...
31) 16) dialog: "That's him" they said, "The one with the big nose and bags under his eyes." They laugh -- whereupon Jeanne rushes at Charles and flings herself on her knees, embracing him round the ankles. Charles screams -- the 3 Captains redraw their swords -- the court gasps -- then Charles gestures the Captains to back off.
39) 5) dialog: She certainly cast a spell on you. Charles draws his three Captains aside.
39) 9) dialog: We're not your favorite captains anymore??
39) 13) dialog: Brilliant idea... but to be really effective, why not send a whole army of virgins?
49) 24) dialog: (to Dunois, smiling)
49) 35) text: Fine -- go now if you want, but not with me!  You may have a duty to God but I have a duty to my people, and my people are starving!  So right now I'm going to take the food back to the city, and if you can please calm down, and let me accompany you to Orleans, it will be my honor to welcome you. Gilles smiles at Jeanne's evident frustration.
52) 8) dialog: I would have thought they'd have attacked from here, where Talbot is.
52) 12) dialog: And... what does Jeanne think?
52) 18) dialog: God... why of course -- we'd forgotten about him!  Strange, I don't seem to remember seeing him at Agincourt.
52) 20) dialog: Oh, but I forgot!  It was a Sunday... that explains it.  God's day off. They all laugh, apart from Aulon and the page boys.
52) 32) dialog: (to La Hire)
59) 0) text: SMASH CUT into the fury of battle -- swords hacking through armor, whirling maces smashing visors, blood spurting from severed limbs... Among the combatants: Dunois, Alencon, La Hire and Gilles...
67) 0) text: Jeanne reaches the gates as they are swung open, and the first of the retreating troops make it back to the city - among them, La Hire and Gilles de Rais...
67) 5) dialog: (out of breath)
68) 3) dialog: But the bridge has been pulled down!
71) 0) text: Jeanne rides at the head of the army, flanked by Dunois, La Hire, Alencon, Gilles, Aulon, Xaintrailles.  They halt in front of a ruined monastery to the south of the Tourelles.  Jeanne gives instructions for the placement o artillery...
72) 5) dialog: Good idea!
72) 9) dialog: You were saying? Jeanne rides at full tilt down into the dry moat, and for the next few minutes, the air is thick with the tumult of battle.  As each successive wave swarms across the moat, so they are met by a fusillade of English flame and steel from the battery above.  But the French respond with equa fervor:  the Dijon Culverins deployed by Jeanne now rain an aerial bombardment of boulders down upon the English, while their arrows darken the sky above... Jeanne reaches the base of the battery.  She leaps down from her horse and starts to climb one of the ladders being thrown up against the wall... but is suddenly struc by an arrow from the rampart above.  She reels -- the ladder sways -- and Aulon catches her in his arms as she falls back to earth.  Redbeard is jokingly furious --
74) 2) dialog: We have to take out the arrow now.
74) 5) dialog: (sarcastic)
74) 15) dialog: It's an arrow, and it's in deep...
92) 0) text: Jeanne leaves the ruined house and spots Gilles standing with Alencon.  As she approaches, Gilles spots the archer in Glasdale's window far above, taking aim.
92) 3) dialog: Perfectly. Gilles heads off, leaving Alencon looking left out.
113) 11) dialog: You look disappointed... Isn't this what you wanted?
113) 13) dialog: For weeks you've been asking for this... well now you have it! The Soldier is about to smash the Englishman's mouth with a mace.  Jeanne snaps out of her momentary stupor and races across, stumbling over the dead bodies...
113) 19) dialog: Eye for an eye, tooth for a tooth... Jeanne ignores the laconic Gilles...
113) 27) dialog: Jeanne... let him do it.  One more dead body's not going to make any difference, so who cares?
113) 35) dialog: Bravo!  What about all the other hundreds of prisoners?  Do we let them go too?
119) 0) text: Backstage pandemonium as Charles is readied for his imminent coronation.  A glamorous Gilles tries to help hi into his ermine robe; Tremoille stands with Archbishop Regnault, adjusting his gold-trimmed cloak.  An ancient BISHOP -- palsied and pushing 80 -- stands by, hands a-trembling.
119) 15) dialog: ... before the English turn up and spoil everything.
119) 17) dialog: I wouldn't be so sure.  It only takes one of them -- in disguise -- Gilles pulls a sharp dagger -- Charles looks petrified...
119) 18) dialog: ... with a good dagger... that's all it takes... Gilles lifts the dagger... and snips a loose thread from Charles's shoulder...
119) 19) dialog: ... to ruin the whole thing. Gilles sheaths his dagger, but Charles is now panicking. He glances at those around him as though one of them migh be a spy.  Gilles moves away, and Charles turns to his pages --
120) 0) text: Two tiers of boys sing in plainsong as Charles enters through a small door and into the vastness of the crowded Cathedral.  It is filled to capacity, with Jeanne's comrades-in-arms filling the front pews like eager fans, straining for a glimpse of her. Tremoille waddles behind Charles, with Regnault, Yolande and Richmond in tow.  Next, the two page boys -- and then at last the main attraction as far as this congregation i concerned -- the crowd lets out an audible gasp as Jeanne enters in her white armor, carrying her proud, war-scarre banner and escorted by Jean d'Aulon. La Hire is so moved at the sight that he has to wipe away big soppy tears (for sentimentality was ever the flip-sid of cruelty).  Alencon and Dunois likewise gaze at their adored one, though Gilles is perhaps more taken with the cherubic choir boys... Jeanne trembles with emotion.  This is the peak of her career, and she knows it, and she's making the most of it As the little procession reaches the nave, all but Charle filter aside.  He walks forward alone to where Archbishop Regnault is standing -- a few paces -- then stops, turns -- and holds out his hands to Jeanne. The crowd gasp with approval at the unprecedented gesture... La Hire briefly claps, before being dug in the ribs by Gilles... but the kingly act provokes jealous looks from Regnault and Tremoille... Jeanne hesitates, then is almost willed on by the crowd into joining Charles.  She stands a little aside as he kneels.  Regnault sprinkles the Holy Oil on his sovereign's head...
121) 11) dialog: This is no good!
121) 13) dialog: Jeanne... The men are exhausted!
121) 15) dialog: Jeanne... we're not enough...
121) 17) dialog: Reinforcements?  Where?? Jeanne waves vaguely behind her --
121) 19) dialog: Jeanne, look behind you.
121) 21) dialog: Do you know how to count?
121) 23) dialog: Jeanne... that is not ten thousand reinforcements -- that is one hundred very loyal but very tired soldiers.
121) 25) dialog: He never sent them... Don't you understand?  He doesn't want this war anymore... he has his crown now, that's all he ever wanted...
121) 27) dialog: To hell with your voices -- it's time to face facts!  We have nothing to do here... none of us... not even you.  You should go home, Jeanne. Jeanne stares at them, in shock.