56) 0) text: The arrow lands in wooden planking.  An English soldier with a flaming red beard yanks it out, gives it a cursory glance, grins, then clambers down to the courtyard below where soldiers are busily trimming the branches from freshly-felled trees.  Redbeard hands the letter to an English captain, Glasdale...
69) 0) text: The English are moving up the stripped trees we saw earlier from the Tourelles courtyard toward the broken bridge.  Glasdale surveys the operation with satisfaction
72) 2) dialog: And you, go back to Hell! Jeanne turns and gallops back to the French soldiers as Glasdale turns coolly to Redbeard --
72) 3) dialog: Don't kill her till I've had my fill of her! -- and walks back to the Tourelles. The French have established a temporary headquarters. Dunois is drawing a map in the dirt and is preparing a battle plan with his Captains...
81) 0) text: The Guard shakes Glasdale awake...
81) 1) dialog: What's happening?
84) 0) text: Glasdale is equally perplexed, gazing out from his garret window across the battery.  An archer is by his side.
84) 1) dialog: Crazy bitch... she doesn't even know how to use it...
86) 0) text: From his elevated viewpoint, Glasdale watches in horror a Aulon leads the French cavalry across the siege machine bridge that now spans the dry moat, giving them access to the battery...
86) 1) dialog: Raise the drawbridge! The Archer passes Glasdale's order along -- a chain message that reaches the gate-keeper, who promptly starts to turn the winch...
91) 0) text: Glasdale spots Jeanne running back across the battery.  H summons his Archer, pointing her out...
91) 1) dialog: Kill her.
92) 0) text: Jeanne leaves the ruined house and spots Gilles standing with Alencon.  As she approaches, Gilles spots the archer in Glasdale's window far above, taking aim.
101) 0) text: From his garret window high above, Glasdale sees Jeanne spread-eagled next to her dead horse on the drawbridge below.  He turns to his servant with a grin...
101) 1) dialog: This time she won't be back.
107) 0) text: Glasdale has seen enough...
108) 1) dialog: To arms!  To arms! With a triumphant battle-cry, the French charge their battering-ram into the portcullis...
109) 0) text: ... demolishing it like matchwood, then storm inside the fortress.  Glasdale cries out to his troops --
109) 1) dialog: Soldiers... In the name of the king, I want you to kill these French dogs until there's none left! The English troops swarm either side of the broken portcullis, forcing most of the French back onto the battery...