29) 14) dialog: Damn bloody right I could!
31) 10) text: Find him yourself. A brief pause, then Jeanne takes up the challenge.  She moves on, examining the faces acutely.  Although a few of the wimpoled ladies find her simple peasant dress amusing most are caught like moths in her flame.  She notices the Three Captains (La Hire, Alencon and Gilles de Rais) edging closer together, as though shielding someone beyond. Jeanne approaches them -- they draw closer together, but now we can see Charles, overtly curious, yet anxious to remain hidden.  His inquisitiveness wins -- but as Jeanne walks up to him, the Three Captains spring in front of her, swords drawn, the tips pressing at her throat...
39) 8) dialog: Yes.  They'll bleeding wet themselves!  Laughing.
39) 14) dialog: That'll put fire in my soldiers! The Captains laugh -- at Charles' expense.
49) 18) dialog: (calling to Dunois)
49) 21) dialog: Sorry Jeanne... (to Dunois)
49) 26) dialog: Jeanne, let me introduce the king's half brother, the dogged Lord Dunois.
50) 0) text: The battered east gate of Orleans swings open, and a convoy of wagons enter the town, guarded by soldiers. Jeanne and the Captains are on horseback, the remainder o foot. A group of hungry children spot the arrival, their eyes widening at the sight of the food:  beef, mutton, chickens, sacks of grain, barrels of salted fish... But most of the citizens are too starved and too weary to show much excitement; hollow-eyed and emaciated, they hav the expressionless faces of concentration camp inmates. La Hire is sickened at the sight...
50) 1) dialog: Jesus Christ... the goddamn English will pay for this!
52) 10) dialog: What about this huge pile down here?
52) 19) dialog: Damn right!
52) 30) dialog: One hell of a girl, huh? As she passes, Jeanne slaps La Hire right across the face --
52) 34) dialog: Me too... A pause, then the door at the other end of the room burst open and in walks the expansive Duke of Alencon.
59) 0) text: SMASH CUT into the fury of battle -- swords hacking through armor, whirling maces smashing visors, blood spurting from severed limbs... Among the combatants: Dunois, Alencon, La Hire and Gilles...
67) 0) text: Jeanne reaches the gates as they are swung open, and the first of the retreating troops make it back to the city - among them, La Hire and Gilles de Rais...
67) 2) dialog: God knows, but it was a bad idea!
71) 0) text: Jeanne rides at the head of the army, flanked by Dunois, La Hire, Alencon, Gilles, Aulon, Xaintrailles.  They halt in front of a ruined monastery to the south of the Tourelles.  Jeanne gives instructions for the placement o artillery...
73) 0) text: Aulon, La Hire and Xaintrailles carry her to the ruined monastery while the two page boys follow anxiously behind
74) 4) dialog: There must be something we can do for her for Chrissakes!
74) 7) dialog: Good idea... La Hire turns and directs his pledge to the broken stained-glass image of Christ above the trashed altar...
74) 8) dialog: I swear I'll never swear again in my life if you save her life!  But I'm warning you, if you let her die, then you're the biggest...
74) 10) dialog: He heard me!
74) 17) dialog: Physicians are a waste of time. You'll have more luck with this charm of mine... it saved my life at Agincourt!
74) 24) dialog: Oh shit!  Jeanne... don't die! La Hire breaks off as Raymond arrives back with the Physician...
77) 5) text: ... life for a life! ... a final FLASH, and her whole army is now a seething swarm of SKELETONS.  With a curdling cry of vengeance the race forward, passing either side of her... Jeanne turns to see the skeleton army heading across a bizarre bridge and onto the moonlit battery, flowing either side of the 8 year-old BOY she saw in the woods as a child.  Intrigued, Jeanne follows him, but by the time she reaches him, the boy has disappeared.  The skeletons have also vanished, to be replaced by an army of little English boys in man-sized armor, heading toward a distant figure. The boy-soldiers are being welcomed by the beautiful MAN Jeanne saw earlier.  He smiles at her, extending his arms in a Christ-like gesture of embrace... As Jeanne approaches him, others turn to welcome her -- Aulon, Dunois, Alencon... finally La Hire, holding out hi arms --
77) 6) dialog: Jeanne, come here my friend, my soldier... in my arms! La Hire scoops her up into his bear-like arms and swings her round... suddenly, over his shoulder she spots a familiar figure:  her dead sister.
89) 0) text: His comrades are less fortunate, and are slaughtered by the advancing French. Jeanne urges her troops forward, her white banner billowing in the breeze, but with the drawbridge raised, there is no way for them to enter the Tourelles.  The English hurl fresh insults -- and bombards -- from the battlements above, and the French are forced to take cove behind two ruined buildings on the battery. Jeanne rides across to a ruined barn where several carts are stacked with felled tree-trunks.  She spots La Hire..
89) 2) dialog: What's the use?  The drawbridge is up!
94) 0) text: Meanwhile Jeanne returns to Dunois and La Hire --
94) 4) dialog: Leave it to me... Back on the battlements, the bucket of water is passed up to the Soldier, who tries to pour it over the edge and onto the blazing beam.  Aulon spots him from below and fires a flaming arrow -- it pierces the soldier, who pour the water on himself, extinguishing the flames...
96) 0) text: The beams collapse -- the support chains give way -- and the drawbridge comes crashing down.  Beyond it is a portcullis, but to La Hire's exuberant volunteers this is no barrier.  Carrying buckets of flaming oil, they charge forward... ... but as they race across the drawbridge, a sudden volley of high-velocity arrows discharge from the lower apertures of the portcullis, felling them before they eve get halfway across the bridge.
106) 0) text: Jeanne moves aside as La Hire and his men heave the carts laden with tree-trunk battering-rams across the bridge...
110) 0) text: La Hire lets out a blood-curdling, primeval war-cry and charges forward to meet the English wave head on.  Jeanne is caught in the middle, buffeted from side to side by a sea of heaving, sweating, bleeding bodies... In this melee it is impossible to know who is friend or foe, and the images become so blurred that we and Jeanne are soon lost in a mist of dust and noise...
113) 4) dialog: Jeanne, come here my friend, my soldier... in my arms! Jeanne starts laughing -- she can't believe it...
113) 6) dialog: Won?!  Such a small word will never do!  This is victory, Jeanne, this is... glory! He scoops her up in his bear-like arms like an ebullient lover, both laughing in the moment.  He slowly turns her around, breathing in a great lungful of air and savoring the smell of what Jeanne now sees over his shoulder:  the entire courtyard, knee-deep in bodies and bits of bodies -- including the gallant Xaintrailles. Jeanne too can smell the reek of fresh, warm gore.  Her laugh turns to a cry of anguish.  La Hire sets her back down...
113) 7) dialog: Jeanne -- what's the matter?? Jeanne is utterly horrified... her legs tremble... amber liquid trickles down her armor...
113) 9) dialog: ... the smell of victory, Jeanne! Mmmmmmm!  I love it!
113) 25) dialog: Jeanne... get up... this is ridiculous...
113) 29) dialog: Jeanne... the man hasn't been paid for six months -- that's his only reward.  Let him take a few teeth...
114) 3) dialog: Jeanne, if you don't mind... I'll stay standing... this armor... it's a nightmare to get back up...
115) 12) dialog: By God and all the saints... now that's what I call a bloody miracle! The French burst into jubilation...
119) 10) dialog: Did you remember to clean up what's inside as well? Dunois ribs him with his elbow, both laughing.  In anothe corner, Alencon is fast asleep. Charles is still grumbling...
120) 0) text: Two tiers of boys sing in plainsong as Charles enters through a small door and into the vastness of the crowded Cathedral.  It is filled to capacity, with Jeanne's comrades-in-arms filling the front pews like eager fans, straining for a glimpse of her. Tremoille waddles behind Charles, with Regnault, Yolande and Richmond in tow.  Next, the two page boys -- and then at last the main attraction as far as this congregation i concerned -- the crowd lets out an audible gasp as Jeanne enters in her white armor, carrying her proud, war-scarre banner and escorted by Jean d'Aulon. La Hire is so moved at the sight that he has to wipe away big soppy tears (for sentimentality was ever the flip-sid of cruelty).  Alencon and Dunois likewise gaze at their adored one, though Gilles is perhaps more taken with the cherubic choir boys... Jeanne trembles with emotion.  This is the peak of her career, and she knows it, and she's making the most of it As the little procession reaches the nave, all but Charle filter aside.  He walks forward alone to where Archbishop Regnault is standing -- a few paces -- then stops, turns -- and holds out his hands to Jeanne. The crowd gasp with approval at the unprecedented gesture... La Hire briefly claps, before being dug in the ribs by Gilles... but the kingly act provokes jealous looks from Regnault and Tremoille... Jeanne hesitates, then is almost willed on by the crowd into joining Charles.  She stands a little aside as he kneels.  Regnault sprinkles the Holy Oil on his sovereign's head...
121) 12) dialog: No good?  This is a disaster! Gilles stumbles along the bank to Jeanne...
121) 29) dialog: We still believe in you, Jeanne.  If it were up to me, I'd chase every goddamn Englishman into the ocean. But it's not up to us anymore -- it's up to the king... Jeanne looks at him, suddenly furious --