25) 0) text: -- and a sword swishes down, trying to hack someone in th leg.  But it is only a wooden sword, and its wielder a mere boy of five.  This is young Prince LOUIS, practicing his nascent swordsmanship on the castle GUARDS. VOICES and approaching footsteps alert the Guards, who quickly stand to attention as a door is swung open...
25) 3) dialog: I don't want to learn, I want to fight!
58) 0) text: Aulon hesitates, then softly opens the door.  He tiptoes into the room, looks at Jeanne, then at Louis, who has fallen asleep with the scissors still clasped somewhat dangerously to his chest.  Aulon gently removes them.  As he places them on the table, Jeanne murmurs in her sleep, but without opening her eyes.
74) 0) text: They enter the shell-shattered sanctuary of a gothic chapel where Aulon directs them to lay Jeanne against the wall.  In the distance we can hear the muffled sounds of war, but in here it is strangely quiet. The great war-lords stand in a semi-circle, pathetically wringing their hands, like the seven dwarves bereaving th stricken Snow White.  The sight of tears trickling down L Hire's scarred cheeks is as touching as it is pathetic. Aulon wipes her brow, leaning in very close to feel her pulse and whether her mouth exhales breath.  He turns to Raymond, who stands close by with Louis --
124) 0) text: Aulon reaches the door to a chapel to find it guarded by Louis and Raymond.
132) 2) text: Alone. Jeanne glances at him a moment, then nods for Louis and Raymond to leave.
133) 0) text: SHARP CUT to a Man being felled by a cudgel.  We are in the middle of the battle, and things are not going well for the French.  The citizens and their MAYOR watch anxiously from the draw-bridge and the town walls.  Nearb stands a familiar face:  the battle-scarred Richmond.  Th Mayor and Richmond exchange a glance that chills... Jeanne is struggling to keep her banner aloft... then a cry from close by, and to her horror she sees Raymond collapse with an arrow in his breast.  His faithful companion Louis races to his side, throwing his arms around him. Jeanne jumps down from her horse, but by the time she reaches him, his eyes are closed.  Louis looks up at her, tears brimming.  Aulon rides up alongside Jeanne...