56) 0) text: The arrow lands in wooden planking.  An English soldier with a flaming red beard yanks it out, gives it a cursory glance, grins, then clambers down to the courtyard below where soldiers are busily trimming the branches from freshly-felled trees.  Redbeard hands the letter to an English captain, Glasdale...
57) 2) dialog: Go fuck yourself!
70) 1) dialog: Glasdale!  Looks like the froggie whore's coming to pay you a visit.
72) 10) dialog: Hey, you just killed my woman! The English laugh and jeer, but the French are in dismay at the sight of their Jeanne, unconscious, lying in Aulon's arms, with the arrow wedged deep above her breast
77) 10) dialog: Hey... Frenchies... what happened to your precious angel, huh?
78) 0) text: All is quiet, the troops lie sleeping.  Redbeard calls through the mist from the raised drawbridge spanning the dry moat linking the battery to the French camp --
78) 1) dialog: Frenchies, you hear me?  What happened to your little virgin? Jeanne is awake.  She listens to Redbeard...
78) 2) dialog: I'll tell you what happened... we sent her back to Hell so she can go fuck with the Devil! Now Jeanne is caressing her horse while Redbeard taunts..
78) 3) dialog: What are you going to do, Frenchies? Why not come out and fight?  Or are you too busy praying to bring your witch back from the dead?  Do you hear me? Suddenly Jeanne emerges from the mist, riding her horse and brandishing her banner --
79) 0) text: Redbeard blinks in amazement.  He turns to another soldier --
79) 1) dialog: Go and wake up Glasdale...!
83) 0) text: Redbeard watches in bewilderment as the siege machine starts to materialize through the mist...
83) 1) dialog: What the hell she's playing at...?
85) 0) text: The French wheel the enormous siege tower toward a wooden lip above the dry moat.  The drawbridge is firmly raised on the far side.  Redbeard's complacent expression change as he suddenly realizes what's about to happen...
85) 1) dialog: Oh shit... He backs away as the machine reaches the lip.  Suddenly i topples forward, crashing down on top of the raised drawbridge and demolishing it beneath its enormous weight...
87) 0) text: As the French swarm onto the battery, Redbeard and his soldiers turn tail and race back toward the second drawbridge into the Tourelles...
87) 1) dialog: Wait for me! The bridge is already being winched up... Redbeard is the first to reach it... with a desperate leap he manages to grab the lip of the bridge and scramble over...
97) 0) text: The English cackle with delight at the sight of the dying French writhing in the flaming oil.  Redbeard -- in charg of the multiple balista -- orders the device to be reloaded, then yells through the upper portcullis...
97) 1) dialog: Hey, what happened to the whore? Sorry... virgin!
98) 1) dialog: Send her over here and she won't stay a virgin for long!
99) 0) text: Redbeard checks the reloading of the balista...
99) 1) dialog: What the matter?  Frightened of a little English stuffing?
100) 3) dialog: ... and... fire!! Another volley of arrows discharges from the portcullis and Jeanne's horse collapses.  The English cheer...
102) 0) text: Aulon gapes in horror... but then suddenly Jeanne is back up on her feet again.  Gripping her banner, she dashes forward toward the portcullis, implanting it just as Redbeard opens a little sliding grille -- Jeanne jabs her banner through --
103) 0) text: ... impaling Redbeard's skull on the far side!  His body crumples to the ground, wedged between the base of the portcullis and the balista.
105) 0) text: Inside the Tourelles, the English try to operate the reloaded balista.  But Redbeard's corpse is wedged so tightly that they can't move it...