25) 14) dialog: My lord Tremoille is correct.  She says she hears voices... she may be a sorceress... a witch...
25) 16) text: Regnault -- you see witches everywhere.  She's just a peasant... a peasant who cares for her king. Look... all she wants is to help me win my crown... and permission to fight for me.
25) 22) dialog: You mustn't see her, my lord.  She may be an instrument of the devil.
43) 3) dialog: Sire, it's going to take more than a letter to drive out the English.
43) 13) dialog: Tremoille is right.  This girl must be subjected to a rigorous examination by the Doctors of the Church at Poitiers.  We need to be absolutely certain that she is not an instrument of the devil.
43) 15) dialog: We must listen to Mother Holy Church before listening to our intuitions.
45) 0) text: A dark, musty council room, where theologians and learned doctors of the Church sit in wooden tiers, examining Jeanne.  Archbishop Regnault is among them.  So too is Jean d'Aulon -- but he as a silent, albeit supportive observer. Jeanne stands in the center of the room, hands folded, as though on trial.  She's evidently been here many hours.
116) 0) text: As the cheering builds, we see a Messenger race along a corridor and burst into the throne room.  Charles slowly rises on hearing the joyous news, clapping his hands in delight -- not least at the discomfort of Tremoille and Regnault.  But Yolande shares his enthusiasm, although we sense that the news comes as no great surprise.
119) 0) text: Backstage pandemonium as Charles is readied for his imminent coronation.  A glamorous Gilles tries to help hi into his ermine robe; Tremoille stands with Archbishop Regnault, adjusting his gold-trimmed cloak.  An ancient BISHOP -- palsied and pushing 80 -- stands by, hands a-trembling.
120) 0) text: Two tiers of boys sing in plainsong as Charles enters through a small door and into the vastness of the crowded Cathedral.  It is filled to capacity, with Jeanne's comrades-in-arms filling the front pews like eager fans, straining for a glimpse of her. Tremoille waddles behind Charles, with Regnault, Yolande and Richmond in tow.  Next, the two page boys -- and then at last the main attraction as far as this congregation i concerned -- the crowd lets out an audible gasp as Jeanne enters in her white armor, carrying her proud, war-scarre banner and escorted by Jean d'Aulon. La Hire is so moved at the sight that he has to wipe away big soppy tears (for sentimentality was ever the flip-sid of cruelty).  Alencon and Dunois likewise gaze at their adored one, though Gilles is perhaps more taken with the cherubic choir boys... Jeanne trembles with emotion.  This is the peak of her career, and she knows it, and she's making the most of it As the little procession reaches the nave, all but Charle filter aside.  He walks forward alone to where Archbishop Regnault is standing -- a few paces -- then stops, turns -- and holds out his hands to Jeanne. The crowd gasp with approval at the unprecedented gesture... La Hire briefly claps, before being dug in the ribs by Gilles... but the kingly act provokes jealous looks from Regnault and Tremoille... Jeanne hesitates, then is almost willed on by the crowd into joining Charles.  She stands a little aside as he kneels.  Regnault sprinkles the Holy Oil on his sovereign's head...
120) 1) dialog: With this sacred oil, blessed by the hand of God the Father Almighty, we do anoint thee Charles Valois... Regnault breaks off:  there's a commotion at the back of the cathedral.  Charles looks around -- anxious faces tur -- soldiers draw their swords -- is it the English?? Bored by the ceremony, young Louis has been kicking legs again, and one of the guards is nursing a bruised shin. With all eyes suddenly upon him, Louis flushes -- and is quickly taken in hand by Yolande.  After the brief interruption, Regnault continues...
120) 2) dialog: ... we do anoint thee Charles Valois, Sovereign Lord and King of this great kingdom of France, charging that ye defend the faith of our Mother Holy Church so long as ye shall live... It could almost be the marriage ceremony.  Jeanne watches in tears, trembling with emotion as the Archbishop takes the crown and holds it above Charles' head, then slowly, slowly lowers it... As he does so, an eerie SOUND, like a bullet in slow- motion coming straight at us... followed by a cry from Jeanne...
127) 2) dialog: Tremoille is right.  She behaves as though she were God!  It's high time she found out who's really in command.
128) 0) text: Regnault, Tremoille and Yolande coil about Charles like serpents.  Charles looks at them all.
128) 5) dialog: ... no one can blame us.
128) 8) dialog: Good heavens no!
138) 0) text: Aulon goes to see the King in his chamber and hands him a heavy sack.  Tremoille and Regnault are present, as always.
139) 10) dialog: 5,000 gold crowns.
139) 12) dialog: It is all his majesty can afford. He has even donated his very own personal savings.  His majesty will greatly appreciate a gesture of good will in this delicate negotiation between our two families.
139) 14) dialog: May I, without offending you, inquire how generous?
139) 18) dialog: 8,000.  We can't raise more... We can only place ourselves at the mercy of your generosity.
143) 0) text: Aulon bursts into the room to find Charles, Regnault and Tremoille in conversation...
143) 10) dialog: How can you speak such treachery when his majesty has done everything to try and save her?