25) 23) dialog: Well... I think you should. All eyes turn to the window, where Yolande has been standing with her back to the room, reading a little book Her right-arm is standing beside her -- RICHMOND, his fac hideously disfigured by battle scars.
25) 25) dialog: Because I care about you.  Come here. Charles walks over.  He has his shirt undone.  Yolande buttons it back up.
25) 26) dialog: Your health and happiness has always been my first concern, Charles... ever since you were a little boy -- and I think I know you better than your own mother...
25) 28) dialog: Mmmm.  Yes.  I know for example the sickness that plagues your heart.  I know how painful it is for you... to have loved a father... without ever knowing if he really was yours.
25) 30) dialog: Who better than a messenger from God to give answers to your questions?
25) 32) dialog: You're a fine judge of character, Charles.  It'll take you less than five minutes to expose her if she's a fake.  But if she's not -- then she will give you your answers... and place the crown on your head. Charles shines at the prospect, but Tremoille and Regnaul look less than happy.
25) 34) dialog: I'm not interested in what you think, Tremoille -- or even what I think.  It's what simple people think that matters, and the fact is that simple people up and down the country are already talking about her.  Now you know what simple people are like, always ready to believe any old prophecy... like this one about a virgin from Lorraine saving France...? (hands Tremoille the book)
43) 7) dialog: I am. Yolande moves forward, accompanied by her daughter Mary (Charles' wife) and grandson, young Louis.
43) 9) dialog: For the sake of France, Charles. And for the sake of my grandson. She pats Louis on the head.
43) 11) dialog: Negotiate by all means, but from a position of strength.  If the English take Orleans, there'll be nothing left to negotiate -- the rest of the country will be theirs.
43) 17) dialog: Why not? Charles looks across to Jeanne in the distance, still playing with her stick.  Suddenly she swipes at a bulrush violently decapitating its head.  Charles looks worried.
44) 0) text: A big, spacious room, into which files a procession of TE DOCTORS of THEOLOGY and TEN NOTABLES, walking two-by-two. They divide either side of CAMERA, then halt and about- turn, facing inward with military precision.  Two PAGE BOYS set up screens in front of the two rows, preventing them from viewing Jeanne, who is standing on a low table between the rows, wearing a laced-up robe. Now a procession of NUNS form up behind the table.  Two o them step forward, on cue, then proceed to loosen the laces of Jeanne's robe and roll up the hem.  Meanwhile an old HAG is washing her hands. With Jeanne suitably prepared, the old HAG stands in fron of her.  Two little Girls slip in a special stool and the old HAG squats down, enabling her to look between Jeanne' legs.  Only women are privy to this ritualistic inspection; the men remain standing behind the screens. Yolande waits with the disfigured Richmond near a window. The old Hag is certainly taking her time, and Yolande is getting decidedly nervous...
44) 3) dialog: I'll kill her myself... A few tense moments -- then the ancient HAG announces wit great solemnity...
116) 0) text: As the cheering builds, we see a Messenger race along a corridor and burst into the throne room.  Charles slowly rises on hearing the joyous news, clapping his hands in delight -- not least at the discomfort of Tremoille and Regnault.  But Yolande shares his enthusiasm, although we sense that the news comes as no great surprise.
119) 12) dialog: It is the sacred place that matters, Charles -- not the size.  Am I correct, Bishop?
119) 26) dialog: Problem? He hands her the little jar...
119) 28) dialog: And when was that?
119) 30) dialog: Thirty years ago?  I'm not surprised it's gone...
119) 33) dialog: Performing a miracle. Richmond curtails any protest with a toothy grin. There's a growing SOUND of excitement coming from beyond. Finally Jeanne appears in the doorway, carrying her banne and followed by her faithful page boys, Louis and Raymond La Hire nudges Alencon awake as she passes, giving an admiring whistle.
120) 0) text: Two tiers of boys sing in plainsong as Charles enters through a small door and into the vastness of the crowded Cathedral.  It is filled to capacity, with Jeanne's comrades-in-arms filling the front pews like eager fans, straining for a glimpse of her. Tremoille waddles behind Charles, with Regnault, Yolande and Richmond in tow.  Next, the two page boys -- and then at last the main attraction as far as this congregation i concerned -- the crowd lets out an audible gasp as Jeanne enters in her white armor, carrying her proud, war-scarre banner and escorted by Jean d'Aulon. La Hire is so moved at the sight that he has to wipe away big soppy tears (for sentimentality was ever the flip-sid of cruelty).  Alencon and Dunois likewise gaze at their adored one, though Gilles is perhaps more taken with the cherubic choir boys... Jeanne trembles with emotion.  This is the peak of her career, and she knows it, and she's making the most of it As the little procession reaches the nave, all but Charle filter aside.  He walks forward alone to where Archbishop Regnault is standing -- a few paces -- then stops, turns -- and holds out his hands to Jeanne. The crowd gasp with approval at the unprecedented gesture... La Hire briefly claps, before being dug in the ribs by Gilles... but the kingly act provokes jealous looks from Regnault and Tremoille... Jeanne hesitates, then is almost willed on by the crowd into joining Charles.  She stands a little aside as he kneels.  Regnault sprinkles the Holy Oil on his sovereign's head...
128) 0) text: Regnault, Tremoille and Yolande coil about Charles like serpents.  Charles looks at them all.
128) 2) dialog: I assure you, Charles, the Maiden has no greater admirer than myself. But whatever our personal feelings, we cannot allow her to conduct her own private war.  For the sake of the kingdom, it is imperative that you stop her going to Compiegne...
128) 10) dialog: Don't worry, Charles.  If God is still with her, she will be victorious.  We're not her judges... we're just spectators.  Let her go to Compiegne, as you let her go to Orleans, and let God decide her fate.
128) 12) dialog: Then her faith will have to be bigger. Yolande gives Richmond a significant look.