4) 0) text: At the southwest edge of Green River, Aron Ralston drives under the interstate into a landscape of obscurity. He lo to his right and left, not a single light perforates the absolute blackness of the San Rafael Desert.
10) 1) dialog: Nearly missed it!
15) 0) text: The doors smash open to reveal a glorious day and Aron's bike careers into it.
22) 1) dialog: Hey. Are you doing the east pike? Can I come along with you for a while? The girls don't reply, just look at each other.
22) 3) dialog: I'm on my own. I'm Aron.
23) 3) dialog: Nice to meet you. What a day.
23) 5) dialog: Did you bike or come straight from the trail head?
23) 7) dialog: I left mine at the Horseshoe Canyon and biked here. 7.
23) 11) dialog: 17 and windy.
23) 13) dialog: I do this a lot. They laugh. He's crazy, but harmless.
23) 14) dialog: Wasn't expecting to see anyone in the canyon today.
23) 17) dialog: Sorry.
23) 21) dialog: Yeah, I know, I mean there's no one around for 50 miles.
23) 25) dialog: Let me guess... You're here for the paintings or the Cathedral?
23) 27) dialog: The climb's a little tricky but it's worth it.
23) 35) dialog: There's thousands of holds but you can't see them until you're almost upside down and then they just keep appearing... it's a bit of a act of faith so I'll go first... take off as much as you dare as there's a bit of a surprise at the other end...
23) 38) dialog: I swear I won't look but I swear you won't care when you get out here...
23) 40) dialog: ... and the thing is, when you get to the middle... He lets go.
23) 42) dialog: ... there aren't any more. We spin and watch him fall into the most exquisite emeral pool 60 feet below.
25) 0) text: From the pool below with Aron we see Kristi in her underw heading out arachnid-style to the centre. Before she gets there Megan appears too. She's left everything on except shoes.
25) 11) dialog: Well, there's not really anyone special.
25) 17) dialog: Long story.
26) 6) dialog: Well I figure no one else is mad enough to climb in the winter.
27) 4) dialog: What? No.
27) 6) dialog: Just like a MOTEL 6 then?
28) 2) dialog: Solitude. Great tunes. Empty mind. He indicates the wilderness.
28) 3) dialog: And I can sing Phish songs as loud as I like.
28) 8) dialog: Yeah, I know, I know.
28) 11) dialog: I'll get this. Leave no trace.
29) 1) dialog: Hey, but I like a beer like the next man. You know, end of the day.
30) 0) text: They're negotiating a steep gulley. Aron is 1/2 way down, Megan at the top, Kristi on her way down to him.
30) 1) dialog: I'm not certified yet but that's what I want to do.
30) 5) dialog: It's hard to get the hours to qualify. Catch 22.
30) 8) dialog: Great. Now put your ass on my head.
30) 14) dialog: (at his most instructor- ish, talking all the time as he makes his way down) You'll have to chimney down a little ways - like here, watch - one foot on each wall then squat onto your right heel, now your butt's on the wall, so you can move your right foot across, now put your left foot under your butt lower down and scootch your butt down - watch that black part, it's slick, slime, try not to get it on your shoes - if you can get to these bomber handholds here it's like an elevator shaft and just think friction to control the slide. This is a keeper so always have someone at the bottom to boost you out. He looks up to them.
31) 5) dialog: Why don't you come with me to the Big Drop Rappel? I can give you a lift back to your car.
31) 7) dialog: About another 8 miles or so, I think.
31) 10) dialog: No, I really got to do this. Anyway I've my miner's lamp.
31) 13) dialog: No, it's great for seeing snakes in hand holds. Can I get a picture then? They pose with raven feathers in their hair.
31) 15) dialog: Listen, my friends are having a party tomorrow night. You should come.
31) 19) dialog: Drive on the east road and about 40 miles out there's a huge inflatable Scooby Doo. You can't miss it. Turn off and it's about 2 miles down that track. Starts late and it'll go right thru. Lots of cheek kissing and his last picture of them... 14.
31) 23) dialog: No, I really got to do this.
31) 26) dialog: That's the one. I'll have 3 cold beers waiting for us.
36) 1) dialog: Easy Aron, easy now. He keeps moving, descending still, but a little more circumspect. He lets the change of pace allow him to whip round his pack and with the practice of thousands of time selects and plays a CD without stopping, slipping the headphones over his head.
39) 0) text: Aron keeps descending, the canyon walls growing taller an closer, into the narrowing slot canyon.
40) 0) text: A dry waterfall, many months since it's seen rain. A drop maybe 12/15 ft with no obvious climb down. Way beyond his reach and jammed into the walls of the canyon is an enorm S-shaped log, sand bleached and wind dried it looks like massive reptile making its way down the canyon. Beyond it Aron can see his route down disappearing into narrowing darkness.
42) 5) dialog: Won't be coming back this way.
48) 2) dialog: Yep.
55) 1) dialog: FUCK, get your hand out of there!
55) 3) dialog: 
56) 1) dialog: 
56) 5) dialog: 
56) 9) dialog: No, no... more water.
56) 11) dialog: Relax. Stop. Come on. He breathes and breathes, taking stock for the 1st time.
57) 3) dialog: FUCK! What the fuck? How the fuck did you get your hand trapped by a fucking boulder? Its crushed, it's fucking dying man! He reaches up and touches the trail of blood, hair and sk left on the canyon wall as the rock pushed him to where h is. Looks under boulder, no blood - check. [He hears the crowd cheering on his headphones. It's been playing throughout. He switches it off]
57) 5) dialog: 
60) 1) dialog: Not good. He blows the whole lot into our face with a mighty gust.
60) 2) dialog: When in a hole.... Alternative; he starts digging away at the wall instead, result.
60) 3) dialog: Fuck. It's hard as iron. Pause.
61) 1) dialog: 
62) 3) dialog: Shit!
62) 6) dialog: Shit!!!
63) 0) text: We're on a level with the knife in the little hole beneat his feet. An enormous overhead light switches on (Aron's headlamp placed above to let him see). The stick enters f top of screen and nudges the knife in a semi circle. It's bit Punch and Judy if it wasn't so fucking serious. Huge shadows. No success. The knife remains where it is. Maybe ant races across it.
64) 2) dialog: Sweet.
67) 2) dialog: Cool. He picks it off his arm and places it on top of the rock to where he's working. It's a grain of sand on the seasho but it's something.
68) 4) dialog: Aahhhhh.
70) 2) dialog: Caw-caw.
72) 2) dialog: It's three-oh-five on Sunday. This marks my twenty-four-hour mark of being stuck in Blue John Canyon above the Big Drop. My name is Aron Ralston. My parents are Donna and Larry Ralston of Englewood, Colorado. Whoever finds this, please make an attempt to get this to them. Be sure of it. I would appreciate it. He takes long blinks and seems to avoid looking at himsel though the screen is facing him. He looks alarmed and wid eyed, startled, in contrast to his slow slurred delivery.
72) 3) dialog: So... I was hiking Blue John Canyon yesterday... and this happened. He pulls the camera round to show where his forearm and w disappear into the horrifyingly skinny gap between the chockstone and the wall. As he does that we
73) 1) dialog: What you're looking at there is my arm, going into the rock... and there it is, stuck. It's been without circulation for 24 hours.
73) 5) dialog: It's pretty well gone. If the colour doesn't come across on the video, it's grey and blue.
73) 6) dialog: Unnhhhhh.......I'm in deep stuff.
73) 8) dialog: So I have very little water. He can't help look in the camera towards those who know w that means in this place.
73) 9) dialog: Yeah, I have about a third of a litre left. He picks up the water bottle and shakes it for the camera
74) 2) dialog: So the way I see it... there's kind of four things happening here... I tried to move it with some rigging... useless... and I tried chipping away at the rock... I think part of the problem is, is that my hand is actually supporting the rock. Which means every time I chip away the rock moves a bit and settles onto my hand again. I can't feel it happening but microscopically, it seems to be, because the little gap over there between the rock and the wall seems to be getting smaller. And this chockstone is the hardest thing here.
75) 1) dialog: So the third thing left was to cut my arm off.
75) 4) dialog: I don't know whether I could do that but it's pretty much suicide. It's four hours to my vehicle that way and with very difficult climbing with one hand and the bike is like two, two and a half hours, that way but the climbing... fourth class climbing... which I think will be probably impossible with one hand... between the blood loss and the dehydration I think I would die if I cut off my arm.
75) 5) dialog: Which means I'm waiting for someone to come along. He summons up the guts to let the evidence out.
75) 7) dialog: I didn't tell anyone where I was going and I didn't leave a note on the truck.
75) 9) dialog: Dumb. The video whirrs on until he suddenly looks straight into lens.
81) 3) dialog: 
82) 2) dialog: No one's coming Aron.
83) 0) text: Aron's Truck. We sense him in the cab but we're not insid with him yet. Music loud and pulsing as we travel towards the inflatable Scooby Doo. It's 12ft tall, powered by a m generator.
84) 0) text: Aron swerves to affect the figure which buckles and flaps his after-draft.
87) 0) text: A flashing, strobe-ing light - Aron's head-lamp bouncing and forth off the canyon walls - but also, as he continue chip away...
88) 0) text: ...jump-cutting, strobe-lit as though by flash, of Aron m dressing for the night.
93) 2) dialog: God, I am praying to you for guidance. I'm trapped in Blue John Canyon - you probably know that - and I don't know what I am supposed to do. I've tried everything I can think of. I need some new ideas. Please show me a sign. PAUSE - Just his breath. He switches on the head lamp and the inside of the bag explodes with light. There's enough light for any kind of heaven but it's just Aron in Blue John Canyon. He looks around his bag. He stops. Silence. Only his breathing to listen to. Heart rate... fast... too fast. Light off.
93) 8) dialog: OK, then, God, since you're apparently busy: Devil, if you're listening, I need some help here. I'll trade you my arm, my soul, whatever you want. Just get me out of here. You want me never to climb again, I can give that up. Just show me the dotted line.
93) 10) dialog: Ungg-gggu-ggga-gggngh!
93) 12) dialog: Yeah. Not very funny.
94) 0) text: Aron leaves work: at no point do we see Aron. He's there, you sense him in reflective surfaces, his arms, particula his right one and his feet occasionally come into shot. I not a strict P.O.V, more like 'over the shoulder' but wit much shoulder.
94) 2) dialog: Still not sure. I'll see you Tuesday.
94) 5) dialog: Always do.
103) 0) text: ... snap back to Aron's face.
103) 13) dialog: It's freaking me out looking at myself so I hope you guys OK with this
103) 25) dialog: It's Monday - all day - bummer. I spent the morning trying to create a 6:1 system ration and lift the boulder but friction between the rope and carabiners is dissipating every bit of force I apply.
103) 29) dialog: All it's good for is sitting in...
103) 39) dialog: There's a raven flies overhead, I clocked it at 8.15. I'll bet it's there tomorrow too. I'll film it for you tomorrow
104) 6) dialog: I have about one hundred and fifty millilitres of water left. That's four ounces. I can't believe it but I peed twice today, within a few minutes of each other. How is this possible? It's two days since I peed, I'm dehydrated and I had to go so quickly I forgot to save the first. I saved the second in the CamelBak. Will I drink it? It smells foul, and hot but it'll settle. And I can chill it in the sand in the night. It's like Polar winter here for nine hours.
104) 16) dialog: No number twos. Which will disappoint my insect friends. They're gonna have to wait. The sunlight appears down here for a few hours. I get 15 minutes of it at 9.35... and apart from chipping away uselessly at this rock that's pretty much my morning routine.
104) 26) dialog: I keep chipping at the rock but just to generate warmth and give me something to do. I think it's making it worse. I know it's settling more on my arm as I remove material from it. The area where I chipped flakes off yesterday has already rotated down onto my arm.
104) 35) dialog: 
104) 38) dialog: Oh yeah. That aches. He takes out the multi-tool and switches to the long blad looks at it. Then he presses the blade and draws it quick across his forearm. Nothing. Repeats it harder. Nothing. No cut, no blood, nothing. He switches to the short knife and saws viciously at the same point.
104) 39) dialog: Shit! He releases the tourniquet and as the blood flow returns series of angry red lines establish themselves where he w sawing. He looks at them.
104) 40) dialog: Pathetic, Aron, pathetic.
104) 45) dialog: The blades are too blunt even to break the skin. I guess that's the chipping. It's not even a proper Leatherman. It's a knock-off one we got free in a gift pack with a torch... Mom gave it to me. LONG PAUSE. Sis. Sonja, I'm very proud of you.
104) 49) dialog: I didn't get to hear firsthand how your championships went, but I heard from Mom that you placed very well at the national competitions, that you were tenth overall in speech and debate in the nation. Hot damn, girl. I'm very proud of you. Not just for that but for who you are. He looks directly in the lens for the first time.
104) 51) dialog: I can imagine you in your living room looking back at me.
106) 2) dialog: I've been thinking about what my friend Rob in Aspen says to me several... frequently.. Several times that, confusingly, 'It's not what you do but who you are'. I kind of got hung up on that a lot, because I always thought who I was, was very much wrapped up with what I did. That I was happy because of the things that I did that made me happy. If things you do make you happy, then they can also make you unhappy. I think that's why I found myself being as ambitious and energetic - The wind interrupts him and he shivers.
106) 3) dialog: (mutters, bitterly) It's cold... this place is an ice- box at night... And killing winds. 45.
106) 7) dialog: (he struggles to complete the sense of the
106) 10) dialog: I did want to say, on the logistical side of things, I have some American Express insurance that should cover costs of the recovery operation when that does happen. Bank account balances should take care of my credit-card debts. You'll have to sell my house, Mom and Dad. Possession- wise, I don't know if Sonja can use my computer and video camera...
113) 3) text: We can see Aron in the distance pulling at his arm. Witho time to watch it's journey towards him, it seems to skip and hit him like a tsunami under-surging the initial push water on the floor.
113) 18) text: We're close on Aron's face, at last free but now suffocat in darkness.
117) 2) dialog: No. No. Don't.
120) 3) dialog: See you later... ... swallows quickly 2 'spoons' of urine without disturbi the sediment. Tangy and bitter, the saltiness makes him wince.
121) 0) text: Jump cut, inside it's nice, full of ordinary decent peopl though no one acknowledges Aron as we stay attached to hi shoulder. There's a mini-Scooby Doo dancing in the main r and there's a light, early party atmosphere. Aron searche for the girls, approaching any cluster to see which girls they contain. Rana is there but doesn't acknowledge him. 51.
121) 7) dialog: (furious at himself) Fuck a nut, Aron. Pay fucking attention - look what you did? He stares at the stain - with all the dirt on his shorts already paste. He screws the lid on slowly and can barely bothered to lift his lens into his mouth.
122) 0) text: The image shifts with the lens to night, everything short focus. Only one thing at a time clear, everything else diffuse. No idea where we are. We come over Aron's should and he's clearly in the deep background of a vehicle. In front of him a half a dozen of his friends (boys and girls)... and Rana, excitedly chatting. Though we can hea nothing. 52.
124) 0) text: Aron very still, listens to their screams. He looks at hi knife dangling from his wrist by the shoelace.
125) 0) text: Aron joins the morning chorus.
125) 1) dialog: Good morning everyone! It's 6:45 Tuesday morning in BJ Canyon. The weather is great! I figure by now that Leona, my housemate - Hi Leona! - has missed me hopefully since I didn't show up last night. Another hour and a half they'll miss me for not showing up for work. Hi Brion at work! Best case scenario is they notify the police and after a 24 hour hold they file a report, a missing persons report. Which means noon tomorrow it's official that I'm gone. I do still have the tiniest bit of water left. Well, actually, I've resorted...I've had a couple pretty good gulps of urine that I saved in my Camelbak. I sorta let it distill...it tastes like hell. So it's 70 hours since I left on my bike from Horseshoe Trailhead during which time I have consumed 3 liters of water and a couple mouthfuls of piss.
125) 4) dialog: Mom, Dad, I really love you guys. I wanted to take this time to say the times we've spent together have been awesome. I haven't appreciated you in my own heart the way I know I could. Mom, I love you. I wish I'd returned all of your calls, ever.
125) 8) dialog: I really have lived this last year. I wish I had learned some lessons more astutely, more rapidly, than I did. I love you. I'll always be with you.
126) 1) dialog: Ready for lift-off. He bounces his full weight in the stirrups and pulls on t haul line. It looks a better set up.
126) 2) dialog: Come on, move, dammit.
129) 3) dialog: Whoa, that's the bone. He pulls the knife out opening the wound more. There's ba any blood. He pokes at the gash with the tool.
129) 5) dialog: Ouch!
129) 14) dialog: This next part may not be for all viewers at home. It's a little after eight. At precisely eight o'clock I took my last sip of clean water... and... hide your eyes, Mom... He pans across the boulder and zooms in on the wound, smattered with bright red blood. 56.
129) 17) dialog: I made an attempt - a short career in surgery, as it turned out - those knives are just not anywhere close to the task. I've got about an inch-wide gash in my arm that goes about a half inch deep. I cut down through the skin and the fatty tissue, and through some of the muscle. I think I cut a tendon, but I'm not sure. I'll never saw through the bones with this knife. I tried, anyways. It really just didn't go well. The tourniquet is relaxed at this point. Which actually is a little bothersome, considering I'm not bleeding that bad, barely at all. It's so weird. You'd expect to definitely see more pulsing and bleeding, but oh well.
130) 1) dialog: Shit missed it. 8:31AM. He's late and I still missed it.
133) 0) text: Aron falls into the canyon. 58.
133) 8) dialog: `Fuck Aron 05.05 We see it reflected That shit stinks' on his eyeball the eyelid rustles back and forward. Finished he tucks back in but VIDEO FOOTAGE: During this we there's a small [ARON: RAMBLING ON VIDEO see pictures, 59.
134) 1) dialog: God, it's Aron again. I still need some help. It's getting bad here. I'm out of water and food. Listen. Give me the strength not to do anything against myself. I want to see this through, whatever. A rumbling thunderous sound grows and the inside of the b begins to bear the image of the top of the canyon at dawn crumpled like paper, creased like the bag [BUT STRETCHED ACROSS 2 SCREENS]. The noise grows and grows...
137) 0) text: We tilt down the wall (still reflected on inside of bag) see Aron completing his obit. Scratched on wall of canyon Aron Oct 75 =&gt; APR 03 RIP. As we reverse back on Aron in the canyon there's a burst light and color beyond him and on the sofa in the canyon little boy sits. He's blond, about 3 and in a red polo sh He looks like Aron. Aron walks towards him, the sunlight hits his face like a train and Aron looks up to it but keeps moving towards th boy, walking downhill towards the sofa. The boy leaps off sofa and comes running to Aron. 62.
139) 0) text: He looks at his obituary on the wall. ARON. OCT 75 =&gt; RIP.
139) 1) dialog: Out of date. May Day. Not dead. He smirks.
140) 2) dialog: No raven today. Everything's fucked. Sonja... if you still want me to play at your wedding... there's a tape in a box in the basement of Mom and Dad's Lounge. It's me 1993 or 1994. We hear the music. Mozart, Beethoven, Bach, Chopin - he c hear it as he played it until...
140) 4) dialog: There was a little boy,and he looked like my cousin Charlie but he was too young. And I don't want to die... But I really don't know what to do. Pause.
141) 1) dialog: I hate this rock. The rage blooms purple in his mind.
141) 2) dialog: I hate it. His face swells with anger, nostrils flaring.
141) 3) dialog: I hate this fucking canyon.
141) 6) dialog: I hate this cold slab pressing me against this damp fucking wall. Smash, Smash, Smash.
141) 8) dialog: I know there's water near coz of these fucking mosquitoes.
141) 12) dialog: I hate this fucking mess.
141) 15) dialog: Shit. 65.
142) 0) text: He mutters... ARON
142) 1) text: Ok Aron, here we go. You're in it now. 
144) 0) text: He returns to the knife. Finally all that remains inside pale white strand. Like swollen angel hair pasta. The ner He touches it with the knife edge. ARON
147) 2) text: His head swarming with colours, swooning, overpowering. H stares at his obituary as he's born again. His feet stagg under him like a new foal, an involuntary dance, we see colours bleeding and blending in his P.O.V.s and the colo invade our shots of him. ARON
152) 2) text: He goes to shout but his voice catches. Then a feeble eff is lost in the vast scale of the canyon. The figures walk bending and disappearing in the light. He digs deep. ARON
152) 4) text: And the figures turn. There's a terrible pause of uncertainty on both sides and then he pushes out another heartbreaking - ARON (CONT'D)
152) 6) text: Hang in there Aron. At they get closer he summons a surge of energy from somewhere. ARON (CONT'D)
152) 7) text: My name is Aron Ralston. I was trapped by a boulder on Saturday and I've been without food and water for 5 days. I cut my arm off this morning to get free and I've lost a lot of blood. I need medical attention. 
154) 0) text: Back now live as Aron wolfs down the cookies and organise the Mejers in a series of jump cuts pushing us through th final stages-he's brutally practical. ERIK
154) 1) text: We are the Mejers from Holland. You should stop and rest. ARON
154) 4) text: They told us you were here.  ARON
154) 6) text: The police at the parking lot ARON
154) 8) text: There's no signal for miles. Nobody for 6 days and then like London buses another coup appears. They too are confronted by: ARON
154) 10) text: No. I'm Wayne. I have some medical training. ARON
154) 12) text: Sure so long as it doesn't make you vomit. Aron drinks more and more, he overhears... WAYNE (CONT'D) (TO ERIK)
154) 13) text: Make sure he doesn't pass out. ARON
155) 1) text: Are you Aron?  ARON
156) 1) text: Aron looks at the beautiful white leather seat before he in the back of the helicopter. Surreal. It's a startling contrast to his Frankenstein, and even now it's not lost him. ARON
156) 6) text: Underwater. A figure dives in, pulling strong breast stro down and towards us. Its Aron, fully recovered after surg Eyes open, he pulls and pulls down through crystal clear, oxygenated water. INTERCUT WITH:  
156) 8) text: As the helicopter and gurney staff transfer him into the medic room he's surrounded by vertical giants as he lies horizontal for the first time in 6 days. ARON
156) 10) text: That's all your miracle days used up kid. You need to rest. You can stand everyone a beer later. Aron is greeted by medics. Needles. Care. Machines. Tubes ARON
157) 1) text: ...his love, the peace that passeth all understanding...  ARON
157) 3) text: My boy. My only one. There you are. She strokes his head so gently.  ARON
157) 5) text: How are you feeling?  ARON
157) 7) text: You've been asleep for 2 days. We are so lucky... She's a decent woman and a devoted mum. She looks weary, out with worry and love for her boy. ARON
157) 9) text: Very soft voice (again) - Aron hears the same words as he drifts back into drugged rest.  VOICE (MOM)
158) 2) text: Aron, of course has his camera with him as he walks out a takes a snap of the noise and light. We see his still, it floor to ceiling, wall to wall journalists. CUT TO:  
161) 0) text: In Aron's 4 x 4 somewhere in the endless parking lot outs the stadium. Rana is wearing glasses, reading an SMS she' just received. RANA
161) 1) text: OK - he's got 3 vegetarian hotdogs and the tickets and he'll be outside Gate 6 in 5. ARON
161) 3) text: Yeah. We split up a while back when you were in hospital. ARON
161) 5) text: (always to the point) Is that what this is about?  ARON
161) 8) text: What about the climbing? Aron reaches in his bag and pulls out his scary looking prosthetic arm / axe. He clinks the points together. She doesn't laugh, maybe a smile. 78.   RANA (CONT'D)
161) 9) text: Solo? ARON
161) 11) text: (to change it) Well, all I can't figure out is what took you so long to cut it off and get one of these. They both laugh. But he also answers.  ARON
161) 13) text: (over her glasses) Not Jesus please... ARON 
161) 15) text: Pause. She doesn't say anything.  ARON (CONT'D)
161) 17) text: No Aron, it's not. ARON (HE KNOWS)