70) 10) dialog: OK - lights off and line up alongside me. They turn off their vehicles' headlights as she draws a l line in the sand and they join her standing on one side o it.
70) 12) dialog: On the other side of this line, everything will be different. As they all hold hands and together step cross the line (Aron's keen and ever so slightly ahead of everyone acros the line) the sparkling lights of the crescent-shaped `to of vehicles and camps that is Burning Man are replaced by astonishing sunrise in the Nevada desert. They hoot and holler as Rana smiles beautifully at Aron.
70) 13) dialog: And remember, stick together, the desert wants to kill you.
121) 0) text: Jump cut, inside it's nice, full of ordinary decent peopl though no one acknowledges Aron as we stay attached to hi shoulder. There's a mini-Scooby Doo dancing in the main r and there's a light, early party atmosphere. Aron searche for the girls, approaching any cluster to see which girls they contain. Rana is there but doesn't acknowledge him. 51.
122) 0) text: The image shifts with the lens to night, everything short focus. Only one thing at a time clear, everything else diffuse. No idea where we are. We come over Aron's should and he's clearly in the deep background of a vehicle. In front of him a half a dozen of his friends (boys and girls)... and Rana, excitedly chatting. Though we can hea nothing. 52.
161) 0) text: In Aron's 4 x 4 somewhere in the endless parking lot outs the stadium. Rana is wearing glasses, reading an SMS she' just received. RANA
161) 2) text: So are you guys ok with me? RANA
161) 4) text: Christine told me.  RANA
161) 7) text: She laughs at him. RANA
161) 8) text: What about the climbing? Aron reaches in his bag and pulls out his scary looking prosthetic arm / axe. He clinks the points together. She doesn't laugh, maybe a smile. 78.   RANA (CONT'D)
161) 10) text: I'm gonna finish the 49ers this winter or next.  RANA
161) 12) text: Rana, before I did it I was hallucinating, I saw this child, a little blond boy - RANA
161) 16) text: But it's not going to be you, is it? RANA
161) 20) text: Before he can work out how to answer she breaks the door open. 79.   RANA (CONT'D)
163) 1) text: There in front of him on the grass by the pool is the sam sofa as in the canyon. On it and around it, his friends a family, including Rana. There's so many of them they fill screen. Tucked deep into the sofa, is his son giggling aw They smile, simple, silent support for him. He looks righ back at them.