6) 80) text: transforms to humanoid and runs toward...... ... Three new Autobots, ARCEE, a lovely female Autobot of about Hot Rod's age, SPRINGER, a very muscular and bantering "Indiana Jones" type Autobot and ULTRA MAGNUS, the large and soldierly City Commander. PERCEPTOR
6) 86) text: Springer, Arcee, transform Autobot City!
7) 65) text: (likes her, too, but tries to be cool and collected) Hey, I wasn't worried for a micro-second, Arcee! ARCEE
7) 79) text: and explode harmlessly as Devastator continues to grunt and tear off armored layers of the city. He grabs Hot Rod and Kup and starts to crush them. ARCEE
14) 84) text: I'm pickin' up a faint signal! BLASTER TRANSFORMS to blaster mode and Jazz's VOICE is broadcast loud and clear causing Springer, Arcee, and Daniel to react JAZZ (V.O.-ON FILTER)
15) 0) text: He has a portable communication device. Spike and Bumble be seen on it. Springer, Kup, the Dinobots, Blurr, and Ho Rod look on amid general gathering of Autobots. Arcee hol Daniel up on her shoulder so he can see. Blaster is in b. SPIKE
15) 32) text: (to Arcee) And you better stay close to me... Arcee pulls Hot Rod toward her before he gets hit by laser
15) 43) text: as Kup, Hot Rod and Arcee MOVE INTO SCENE
15) 49) text: as he TRANSFORMS to Humanoid mode and shouts orders, FIRING AT Blurr who BLURRS PAST and then at Arcee who also SHIPS BY SCOURGE
15) 79) text: Jump. ON ARCEE
23) 0) text: as they man control panel in cockpit. In the background, Blurr and Arcee work to patch other holes in hull and Dan helps them. Perceptor slowly plots coordinates on light-u table, oblivious to SHAKES AND ROCKINGS of their ship. SPRINGER
25) 0) text: Everyone is in a jumbled tangle - Ultra Magnus beneath Bl Perceptor upside down and hanging from torn end of stairw Arcee crouched over Daniel and Springer with half his bod sticking through the hull SPRINGER
25) 1) text: (pulling himself free of hull wall) Remind me to give the Auto Pilot a raise... Daniel creeps out from under Arcee and shakes bits of broken metal and dust off his shoulders DANIEL
25) 15) text: It's rough out there, kid. Stay inside and play with crayons or something. ARCEE
25) 16) text: as she steps forward with a smile, a strange GRID LIKE "SUIT" in her hand ARCEE
25) 18) text: Wow! Dad's exo-suit. He told me about it but I never saw it. ARCEE
25) 27) text: (continuing) It's kind of tricky.... He suddenly flips around twice in mid-air then regains hi feet and leans way over against Arcee for support. She la and pats his shoulder ARCEE
26) 0) text: as Springer, Arcee, Daniel et.al. come down the ramp and around at the lush "vegetation" of growing junk clumps al around them and a long vista of junk mountains and spires weathered junk-rock. DANIEL (V.O.)
31) 62) text: Get gone! Springer leads the way and Blurr, Arcee, Daniel and Perce follow and we MOVE TO A ROAD WARRIOR STYLE CHASE as Sprin and Arcee ride on either side of Daniel and Perceptor wit Blurr bringing up the rear- - zig zagging back and forth keep the Junkions from getting at Daniel. A JUNKION
31) 69) text: It's not hard to knock 'em down. It's getting them to stay down that's the trick. ON ARCEE
31) 71) text: as Junkion rides over to her, starts belting her with junk sword ARCEE
31) 79) text: as he stops and Arcee, Daniel, Perceptor and Blurr stop around him. They close ranks and look out at the Junkions grimly PERCEPTOR
32) 31) text: (presses energon sticks forward) As Hot Rod says this... ...Wreck-Gar takes the energon sticks and holds them over head and... ...all the Junkions smile and cheer and start chanting the universal greeting phrase, laughing, clappin their hands and dancing around, taking Arcee's hand and.. ... taking Springer and Perceptor and Daniel out into cen of a square dance type gathering, moving back and forth w them dancing happily, singing the universal greeting in a melodic, rhythmic way EVERYBODY
32) 33) text: hugs Hot Rod, and Perceptor who winces and tries to enjoy it, and then hugs Daniel, Wheelie, Arcee, laughing and dancing as SINGING goes. ON GRIMLOCK
32) 60) text: No... (inspired) The matrix will not fail us. ARCEE
34) 0) text: Hot Rod, Kup, Springer, Arcee and Daniel as they also loo through canopy, astonished DANIEL
41) 0) text: Kup, Springer, Daniel and Arcee are scattered about the f in the giant, flickering chamber. DANIEL
41) 10) dialog: Quick!   This way. They run into a long, cave-like chamber which looks like central nervous system or something.
44) 0) text: Kup, Arcee, Springer and Daniel dash down the corridor. Suddenly, Daniel's foot is caught in a maze of wiring.
44) 15) text: Us, on the other hand... ARCEE
44) 16) text: Daniel... Try to find help! Arcee fires...
57) 0) text: Unicron's head orbits Cybertron. PAN to Cybertron where a PUSH IN on Rodimus Prime, Arcee, Kup, Springer, Ultra Mag Wreck-Gar, Daniel, Perceptor, Blaster and Spike watch construction being done on Cybertron below. RODIMUS PRIME