6) 1) text: The Shuttle just zipped past checkpoint zeta. ON DANIEL
6) 2) text: Daniel, a classic twelve year old American boy watches the portable viewer which is like an over-sized Boy Scout compass. WIDEN SHOT to show he is at an old fashioned "fishin' hole" on Earth - surrounded by weeping willows, assorted trees and shrubs, and that his fishing pole is stuck in the dirt, the line floating lazily out on the water. DANIEL
6) 3) text: Let's watch Ironhide land it, Hot Rod! As Daniel runs to small skateboard-like device, hits a button, and watches, it transforms into a hoverboard and rides it, like a surfer up a steep, grassy hillside we change angle to feature... HOT ROD
6) 11) text: lopes up hill after Daniel. HOT ROD (CONT'D)
6) 12) text: If you're gonna ride, Dan-O ...ride in style! Hot Rod catches up with Daniel, scoops him off his hoverboard, TRANSFORMS to automotive mode and RIDES OVER CREST OF HILL with Daniel in the front seat.
6) 27) text: This is it! Now take a squint through those babies. DANIEL
6) 68) text: transforms to robot mode and turns as... Kup comes flying, feet first, into Blitzwing knocking him off the mountain ledge. FOLLOW Kup as he lands in front of Hot Rod, who is just coming to a stop at the bottom with Daniel. HOT ROD
7) 0) text: as Kup and Hot Rod roll in and TRANSFORM where Ultra Magn is waiting for them with Perceptor.   Other Autobots are moving into battle stations in the b.g. and ALARMS SOUND. Daniel looks on in awe. ULTRA MAGNUS
7) 3) text: (tugs him along roughly) He said "later!" Kup moves OFF with Hot Rod and Daniel.
7) 60) text: Keep at it, Springer, lad! Help's at hand! (to Hot Rod) Together now! Hot Rod joins the others in pushing the huge Catapult int firing position. DANIEL
7) 67) text: That did it! DANIEL AT LAUNCHER PORT (Opening in "pillbox" through whi the Catapult will fire)
14) 84) text: I'm pickin' up a faint signal! BLASTER TRANSFORMS to blaster mode and Jazz's VOICE is broadcast loud and clear causing Springer, Arcee, and Daniel to react JAZZ (V.O.-ON FILTER)
15) 0) text: He has a portable communication device. Spike and Bumble be seen on it. Springer, Kup, the Dinobots, Blurr, and Ho Rod look on amid general gathering of Autobots. Arcee hol Daniel up on her shoulder so he can see. Blaster is in b. SPIKE
15) 8) text: But you'd better get here fast because... Suddenly, static obscures the transmission. DANIEL
15) 10) text: Autobots, prepare to board the shuttles. This new menace is more dangerous than all the Decepticons put together. Somehow we must destroy it before it devours Cybertron. DANIEL
15) 12) text: Daniel, I'll do everything I can for Spike. HOT ROD
15) 31) text: Stay close to me, Daniel... HOT ROD
15) 70) text: (to Daniel) Looks like we're shipmates, squirt!
15) 71) dialog: All right! SPRINGER
16) 2) text: INCLUDING Ultra Magnus' shuttle through side port as Springer gives thumbs up signal in return and Daniel waves ON SPRINGER
24) 0) text: as it SHAKES AND RATTLES VIOLENTLY DANIEL
25) 0) text: Everyone is in a jumbled tangle - Ultra Magnus beneath Bl Perceptor upside down and hanging from torn end of stairw Arcee crouched over Daniel and Springer with half his bod sticking through the hull SPRINGER
25) 1) text: (pulling himself free of hull wall) Remind me to give the Auto Pilot a raise... Daniel creeps out from under Arcee and shakes bits of broken metal and dust off his shoulders DANIEL
25) 10) text: We might be able to salvage this thing. (checks LASER DRILL, turns it on, off) Ultra Magnus starts for door followed by Blurr who takes up a saw and tool belt and Perceptor who rolls up Shuttle Plans as Daniel moves out to join them
25) 17) text: I think Daniel can make himself useful with....this! It used to be Spike's. (holds Grid-like metal frame "suit") DANIEL
25) 19) text: Here, try it on. She starts helping him into the exo-suit. ON DANIEL
25) 20) text: as he gets inside the "suit" which fits over his body like a grid-work metal "cage." Daniel clips "cage" of Exo-Suit shut and stands up inside gridwork which makes him taller and broader. He moves awkwardly, barely able to advance a step SPRINGER
25) 21) text: Just think about what you want to do before you do it! DANIEL
26) 0) text: as Springer, Arcee, Daniel et.al. come down the ramp and around at the lush "vegetation" of growing junk clumps al around them and a long vista of junk mountains and spires weathered junk-rock. DANIEL (V.O.)
30) 32) dialog: This exo-suit is fantastic! (to Blurr) Want me to do that?
30) 53) text: Transform! You can do... (TRANSFORMATION complete, he blurs off and, in V.O. adds) ...it! Blurr GOES OFF outblurring past HAIL OF LASER FIRE from Ramjet scorching by overhead ON DANIEL
30) 54) text: as he reacts, looks around, thinks, brows knitting, looking off, reacting DANIEL
30) 57) text: as he starts reaching for Daniel SCAVENGER
30) 58) text: Human germ! ON DANIEL
30) 59) text: as his Exo-Suit SUDDENLY TRANSFORMS INTO auto mode and takes off and drives through... ...SCAVENGER AND SHRAPNEL, knocking them over. DANIEL (V.O.)
31) 51) text: as he moves out and looks down at Ultra Magnus' remains DANIEL
31) 62) text: Get gone! Springer leads the way and Blurr, Arcee, Daniel and Perce follow and we MOVE TO A ROAD WARRIOR STYLE CHASE as Sprin and Arcee ride on either side of Daniel and Perceptor wit Blurr bringing up the rear- - zig zagging back and forth keep the Junkions from getting at Daniel. A JUNKION
31) 76) text: as he skids, stopping his Exo-Suit as he reacts to what's ahead DANIEL
31) 79) text: as he stops and Arcee, Daniel, Perceptor and Blurr stop around him. They close ranks and look out at the Junkions grimly PERCEPTOR
31) 84) text: It can't be....it's.....Hot Rod!     He's alive! DANIEL
31) 85) text: as he looks up at passing Cruiser and waves DANIEL
32) 31) text: (presses energon sticks forward) As Hot Rod says this... ...Wreck-Gar takes the energon sticks and holds them over head and... ...all the Junkions smile and cheer and start chanting the universal greeting phrase, laughing, clappin their hands and dancing around, taking Arcee's hand and.. ... taking Springer and Perceptor and Daniel out into cen of a square dance type gathering, moving back and forth w them dancing happily, singing the universal greeting in a melodic, rhythmic way EVERYBODY
32) 33) text: hugs Hot Rod, and Perceptor who winces and tries to enjoy it, and then hugs Daniel, Wheelie, Arcee, laughing and dancing as SINGING goes. ON GRIMLOCK
34) 0) text: Hot Rod, Kup, Springer, Arcee and Daniel as they also loo through canopy, astonished DANIEL
41) 0) text: Kup, Springer, Daniel and Arcee are scattered about the f in the giant, flickering chamber. DANIEL
44) 0) text: Kup, Arcee, Springer and Daniel dash down the corridor. Suddenly, Daniel's foot is caught in a maze of wiring.
44) 2) dialog: He tries to pull his foot out. No luck. Then, he looks up
44) 3) text: The Robotic Antibodies are drawing very close to him. DANIEL
44) 4) text: He looks o.s. towards the others. DANIEL
44) 7) text: Daniel!
44) 12) dialog: I'm okay.    They don't even see me.
44) 16) text: Daniel... Try to find help! Arcee fires...
44) 19) dialog: He shouts as he finds himself in a river of flowing goo.
45) 0) text: Daniel    rips through what seem to be endless caves on t torrent    of liquid, until he is dumped down a high wate into...    .... A glowing lake. ... He stays under for a moment,    and then bobs up to see...
45) 2) dialog: watches this with awe until he sees...
45) 4) dialog: He dashes to the shores of the glowing lake...
45) 5) dialog: Cliffjumper! Jazz! And then Spike comes rolling down, followed by Bumblebee!
45) 6) dialog: Bumblebee!     Dad!
45) 14) dialog: He reaches the flickering panel. DANIEL
45) 17) text: Shoot it, Son. DANIEL
45) 20) dialog: He looks down at his hand and concentrates as hard as he Then, a spark comes out. It grows longer.
45) 25) dialog: He looks back, and to his horror sees Jazz, Bumblebee and father about to be dropped in. He keeps firing. The panel starts exploding!
45) 31) text: turns around and sees this. DANIEL
55) 15) text: Autobots, transform and roll out. Rodimus Prime transforms into truck mode as the other Autobots also transform. Daniel and Spike jump into him. Then, in a continuous line, he shoots off, the other Autobots racing behind him.
57) 0) text: Unicron's head orbits Cybertron. PAN to Cybertron where a PUSH IN on Rodimus Prime, Arcee, Kup, Springer, Ultra Mag Wreck-Gar, Daniel, Perceptor, Blaster and Spike watch construction being done on Cybertron below. RODIMUS PRIME