6) 80) text: transforms to humanoid and runs toward...... ... Three new Autobots, ARCEE, a lovely female Autobot of about Hot Rod's age, SPRINGER, a very muscular and bantering "Indiana Jones" type Autobot and ULTRA MAGNUS, the large and soldierly City Commander. PERCEPTOR
6) 81) text: Ultra Magnus.....a cursory evaluation of Decepticon capability indicates a distinct tactical deficit! ULTRA MAGNUS
7) 0) text: as Kup and Hot Rod roll in and TRANSFORM where Ultra Magn is waiting for them with Perceptor.   Other Autobots are moving into battle stations in the b.g. and ALARMS SOUND. Daniel looks on in awe. ULTRA MAGNUS
7) 17) text: Blaster, Ultra Magnus sends orders to contact Optimus Prime for reinforcements. BLASTER
9) 17) text: hurls himself at Optimus Prime... .... both tumble into the walls of the City... ...denting the walls and causing the electronic panels inside to short circuit, surrounding them with a fiery nimbus of crackling electrical energy. Ultra Magnus in car carrier mode barrels out of city carr several Autobots. He and the others transform into robot mode and fire lasers at the Decepticons.
9) 85) text: (reaches up with right hand with great effort) Ultra Magnus! It is to you, old friend, I shall pass the matrix as it was passed to me ....
14) 78) text: Autobot City is almost rebuilt, and we see Kup and Hot Ro working with other Autobots to move large panels into position. In the background, two huge SPACE SHUTTLES are almost completed and Ultra Magnus is directing the work. During this ESTABLISHING SERIES OF SHOTS, we HEAR JAZZ'S
14) 86) text: And it's attack... STATIC obscures the message ULTRA MAGNUS
15) 1) text: It's like a terrible nightmare, Ultra Magnus. BUMBLEBEE
15) 9) text: Dad! ULTRA MAGNUS
15) 11) text: But what about my dad? He's on the moon between that monster and Cybertron. ULTRA MAGNUS
15) 13) text: And what are we going to do when we get there? If that thing crunches moons, it'll make short work of us. ULTRA MAGNUS
15) 24) text: There is no escape. I, Galvatron will crush you just as the magnificent Megatron crushed Prime! ULTRA MAGNUS
15) 25) text: And you'll die trying just like Megatron! Ultra Magnus fires Laser and hits Galvatron.
15) 27) text: You want me to gut Ultra Magnus for you? GALVATRON
15) 28) text: There are plenty of Autobots for you. Ultra Magnus is mine!
15) 74) dialog: Hurry! Blurr blurs up ramp. Arcee reaches the ramp as the shuttl takes off horizontally.
15) 86) text: With an accelerated ignition procedure the ceramic housings might create a magnetic flux. ULTRA MAGNUS
16) 2) text: INCLUDING Ultra Magnus' shuttle through side port as Springer gives thumbs up signal in return and Daniel waves ON SPRINGER
17) 1) text: (using intercom) Ultra Magnus...what next?
18) 0) text: shuttle ROCKS WITH DIRECT HITS as Ultra Magnus struggles controls ULTRA MAGNUS
18) 21) dialog: Congratulations Autobots, we've lost 'em at least for a while. So rest up. We'll refuel on the Junk Planet and work out our battle plan there.
23) 1) text: Kup and Hot Rod just bought it! ULTRA MAGNUS
23) 6) text: Face it, Magnus, the Decepticons 're gonna dog us until they see us dead! Ultra Magnus nods solemnly ULTRA MAGNUS
23) 24) text: Gamma waves in this sector of space create marginal navigation probabilities, however..... (looks at Ultra Magnus) ULTRA MAGNUS
25) 0) text: Everyone is in a jumbled tangle - Ultra Magnus beneath Bl Perceptor upside down and hanging from torn end of stairw Arcee crouched over Daniel and Springer with half his bod sticking through the hull SPRINGER
25) 3) text: (working scanner, computer device, thoughtfully) The composition of this planet seems to be a chaotic amalgam of discarded ferrous and non-ferrous articulations. ULTRA MAGNUS
25) 8) text: Yep, this dump is a dump...... ULTRA MAGNUS
25) 9) text: as he straps on TOOL BELT ULTRA MAGNUS
25) 10) text: We might be able to salvage this thing. (checks LASER DRILL, turns it on, off) Ultra Magnus starts for door followed by Blurr who takes up a saw and tool belt and Perceptor who rolls up Shuttle Plans as Daniel moves out to join them
28) 4) text: No, Unicron. Ultra Magnus is dead. UNICRON
28) 7) text: The matrix can not be destroyed. (pause) And Ultra Magnus lives on the planet of Junk. Stalk him. Cut him open! And bring the matrix to me.
30) 41) text: Hang on, this be industrial strength We watch... ULTRA MAGNUS
30) 42) text: as he, too, hears and then looks up and sees the Decepticon force ULTRA MAGNUS
31) 8) dialog: Perceptor! ... Suddenly, shots tear into the junk all around them as
31) 12) text: It appears that my lacerations were primarily superficial. ULTRA MAGNUS
31) 16) text: which streak over in deadly formations. ULTRA MAGNUS
31) 18) text: Ultra Magnus!
31) 24) dialog: He shoots at the junk walls.
31) 25) dialog: Then use that time to escape! The Matrix was designed for an emergency like this. I'll try to unleash its power.
31) 27) dialog: Until all are one!
31) 29) dialog: His back to a wall of fallen junk, he pulls out the matri
31) 31) dialog: Struggling to open the leadership matrix. He puts his han inside of it and gets a powerful shock! He pulls his hand quickly.
31) 32) dialog: Damn it!   Open it!
31) 51) text: as he moves out and looks down at Ultra Magnus' remains DANIEL
31) 52) text: (tearful) Ultra Magnus!
32) 52) text: (Ad lib jubilation) Ultra Magnus! ULTRA MAGNUS
32) 57) text: The matrix! All turn to Ultra Magnus. ULTRA MAGNUS
32) 61) text: Didn't you hear Ultra Magnus. We don't have it anymore. Galvatron does. HOT ROD
32) 72) text: No fuss, no muss. (to others) Hurry, hurry. Sale must end! Rush right on down to bridge and test drive latest with no obligation. Suddenly, several Junkions scramble to concealed doorways the Junk. ULTRA MAGNUS
38) 0) text: As Ultra Magnus, Perceptor and the others watch in amazement...
46) 9) text: First Prime, then Ultra Magnus and now you. It is a pity Autobots die so easily or I might have a sense of satisfaction now. Hot Rod desperately gasps and pulls at Galvatron's hands...
51) 0) text: Hot Rod, bathed in the glow of the matrix. Sticks his han in the way we saw Galvatron and Ultra Magnus try earlier. There is no shock. Then, like pulling the pin on a hand grenade, he unleashes the spiritual equivalent of a bomb!