23) 0) text: The guests are now entering the dining area, finding thei seats around the table. Norman is already sitting comfortably by the table, on th seat marked for Micha Eshel. He smiles nonchalantly at the guests as they take their s around him. Arthur, who is talking to a few people on the other side the room, notices Norman sitting by the table. He whispers something into the ear of A WOMAN standing ne to him. She is Arthur's assistant. The smiling assistant approaches Norman. She leans down s that she is very close to his ear.
24) 1) text: The assistant leaves Norman waiting in this indoor basket court which apparently serves as Arthur's kids own all purpose playroom. Norman looks around, taking in the extravagant setting. He has his business card ready in hi hand. Arthur enters.
24) 2) dialog: Mr. Oppenheimer?
24) 4) dialog: Where is he? Mr. Eshel.
24) 6) dialog: You just spoke to him now?
24) 8) dialog: How do you know Mr. Eshel?
24) 13) dialog: (cutting him off) And, just so that I understand, Mr. Eshel asked you to ask me if he can come tonight?
24) 15) dialog: You realize that this is an intimate dinner for a group of people who get together for a very Specific purpose, right?... And t at this is my house. My private ome...
24) 17) dialog: You can’t just walk in and sit at my table. I was happy to include Mr. Eshel, even though I found it a bit odd that he would invite himself to a dinner through someone I don’t actually know, But if he is not here, the invitation is not up for grabs. You understand that, right? are speaking, Norman notices Arthur’s assistant Norman’s COAT and HAT over her arm.
24) 19) dialog: Well then why don’t you wait for him outside and when he arrives I promise you we will make him feel very comfortable.
24) 21) dialog: Please.
25) 1) text: Norman, deflated, is sitting on a bench opposite the townhouse. He is emptying the last candy out of his box of Mike and pkes, chewing on them obsessively, and scratching his col one. From his POV, through the large windows of the townhouse, see Arthur and his guests enjoying their privileged dinne Norman rips apart the Gandy box to make sure it is really empty, then gets up and walks away into the dark park.