3) 7) text: Back to Norman. One of the runners he sees is BILL KAVISH(35). We follow Bill, FROM NORMAN’S POV, as he finishes his run stops by a tree to stretch his muscles. We focus in on Bill’s energized face as we continue to he
5) 0) text: We’re back at the park where Bill, still stretching, noti Norman staring at him. Norman raises his hand in an innoc friendly gesture. Bill has no idea who he is. He nods his head and continue stretching, a bit suspicious of the friendly stranger. Norman approaches him, handing him his BUSINESS CARD.
5) 2) dialog: What the fuck? You’re stalking me now??
5) 4) dialog: No. Excuse me. This is my private time... please respect that. Call the office. (CONTINUED)
5) 7) dialog: Let it go! Give up. Does Philip know you're here? How did you even find me?
5) 10) dialog: I'm sorry. I have to leave... Excuse me. This is unacceptable.
5) 12) dialog: (turning around) No - worse comes to worse, he kicks ME out the door. It’s my job to keep peopie like you away. Don’t you get that? Please, respect my position. Stop: Just stop. I’m sorry. But I don’t know what else to say. Bill waits to see if Norman is internalizing the finality his response.
6) 0) text: Norman is standing across the street from a DINER called BROOKLYN DINER at the floor of a huge office building. He is looking through the windows of the diner at Bill Kavish, now dressed in his business suit, sitting with a other businessmen in one of the booths. The man in the ce of this Breakfast gathering is JO WILF (70), authoritativ calm, allowing the younger men around him to do all the talking. Norman pulls out his phone and dials.
37) 41) dialog: (looking at the card, then into Norman’s eyes) This is a cell phone. Do you have an office? An address? (pulling Norman aside) My son, Davidy, he wants to go to Harvard Business School, he doesn’t have the grades, but he has a good instincts, believe me, like his mother. Do you know somebody who can help him with his ,application? I don’t want any specia treatment... just a few tips. To understand what they are looking for.
52) 6) dialog: Norman, this is Bill. Norman?
52) 10) dialog: Jo had to_ step out. Let me tell you what we need. You with me?
52) 12) dialog: We have a colleague who could use a friendly introduction at the State Department...
52) 14) dialog: Yes. You do that for us, open the door for him at the state department, get him in a room with Douglas Gordon - that thing Philip discussed with Jo - we’ll see what we can do. Jo Wilf looks over at the GROUP OF PEOPLE in his office w an expression that says - “it’s worth a try”. Norman passes a PEN TESTING PAD. He writes down- DOUGLAS GORDON, and takes the page with him. Then - Jo Wilf’s side of the frame is replaced with the interior of a BULLET PROOF LIMOUSINE in Israel.
54) 0) text: Norman is by the cashier, paying for a package of ENVELOP and a CARTRIDGE OF BLACK PRINTER INK. He is paying with a crumpled single dollar bills and a handful of quarters, d and nickels. Right before he checks out, he places a box MIKE AND IKES on the counter as well.
55) 17) dialog: No e-mails, Norman. His name is Matthias Kone, he is an official in the treasury department in_the Ivory Coast. Eshel’s office will need to reach out to him. We're not involved. It has to come from them. Maybe he can join their delegation in Davos... On Norman's face: The Ivory Coast - that doesn’t sound go to him. Jo Wilf’s office is replaced with Hanna and Duby now part the prime minister’s entourage at an HONORARY DOCTORATE CEREMONY in an unidentified University.
59) 4) dialog: I’m not following you. Did you speak to him or not?
59) 6) dialog: Who’s Hanna?
59) 10) dialog: Who the hell is Duby??
98) 0) text: As in the first sequence of the film, this is the hour of fanatics. Norman is sitting on the same bench, watching them pass b their futuristic winter sportswear. He sees Bill Kavish finishing his run and finding a spot his stretches. Bill sees Norman. Norman approaches.
98) 2) dialog: Way do you do this? Why do you ave this way? Why can’t anything ever be simple with you?
98) 4) dialog: No, you don’t. Whatever it is, it is too small. (CONTINUED)
98) 8) dialog: Jo Wilf doesn’t want to_hear your name or see your face. Listening to you is not part of my job. No. Definitely not now, with your friend in trouble... Norman nods his head, looks at Bill stretch his groin. He turns around and walks away. Then:
98) 9) dialog: Wait. Norman stops.
98) 10) dialog: I'm listening. Out of respect , to my father. You knew him, didn’t you? Norman nods his head. But before any sentimentality settl in--
98) 11) dialog: What have you got?
98) 13) dialog: Del epends where and how I got the ormation and if I can verify it... You_realize that you are not a very reliable source, right?
98) 15) dialog: What’s your fee? (CONTINUED)
107) 0) text: The hall is set up with American, Palestinian and Israeli flags. Bruce Schwartz is looking down at a beautiful ceremonial TABLE set up for a peace treaty signing with a satisfied expression on his face. . TV_ COVERAGE OF JO WILF’S DEAL: 156 Over footage of images of massive gas drilling rigs in th Arctic Ocean, and pictures of Jo Wilf- The HOST is explaining how Jo Wilf had over a billion dol in a_short position against the stock price of the Russia Gas Company which plummeted after it turned out Israel an Turkey signed an agreement to build a pipeline between th two countries even though all the experts were predicting Eshel would be {mpeached. Jo Wilf is described as a geoP political genius with a pr like ability to predict political trends.