37) 26) dialog: Look, for us at the NUF it is pretty simple and straightforward. The rule of law. Free and fair elections. Independent judiciary. Independent control of the military. Gay rights... Israel Inc. It is actually a sales agency for Israel. The goal is to encourage positive views of Israel. We even aim further. We get people on a plane, get them to Israel. Introduce them to the most inspiring people in the world. Israel aS a must see experience. Have you met Barbara Klein? Startup State... Let me introduce you...
37) 47) dialog: (candidly) If the goal is achieved by speaking privately, we'll speak privately. Not everything has to be public. Is there not a certain humility or restraint the Jewish Leaders should exercise when real lives hang in the balance?
41) 9) dialog: Just over the phone. Good to finally meet in person, rime minister. We don’t have to shake hands...
41) 12) dialog: No. This is as informal as could be.
41) 15) dialog: It is less about your meeting with the president and more about the statements you will deliver elsewhere in town. As somebody who occupies a fairly tough job himself the president is always ympathetic to foreign leaders dea ing with complicated internal politics... (CONTINUED)
41) 31) dialog: Well, you have been saying different things in different forums. I think we are trying to get a better understanding of the singular message you wish to deliver.
41) 35) dialog: I didn’t mean it that way, I’m sorry if...
66) 3) text: Eshel, by his breakfast table, eating a croissant with ja together with his 2 BODY GUARDS ooking at the front page of an Israeli paper where this mysterious {nvestigation i the big story of the day with a bold headline that reads: T. And a caricature of Eshel as a PROUD PEACOCK on top of a of rotten EGGS. INT. BRUCE SCHWARTZ’S OFFICE IN THE WHITE HOUSE - DAY 95 Bruce is on the phone, while he scans the newspaper on hi desk. We see another piece of the item (or hear Bruce read it): “Speculation about Eshel’s future has weakened him politically even as he undertakes delicate negotiations w Israel’s neighbors...”
66) 4) dialog: Is this serious? Do we need to be worried? INT. DUBY’S OFFICE - DAY - ISRAEL 96 Duby is on the other side of the line, looking down at a of Israeli newspapers, all with variations of the word CORRUPTION in their headlines.
66) 6) dialog: Can we help?
66) 8) dialog: Let me look into this. 97 98 99 85.
107) 0) text: The hall is set up with American, Palestinian and Israeli flags. Bruce Schwartz is looking down at a beautiful ceremonial TABLE set up for a peace treaty signing with a satisfied expression on his face. . TV_ COVERAGE OF JO WILF’S DEAL: 156 Over footage of images of massive gas drilling rigs in th Arctic Ocean, and pictures of Jo Wilf- The HOST is explaining how Jo Wilf had over a billion dol in a_short position against the stock price of the Russia Gas Company which plummeted after it turned out Israel an Turkey signed an agreement to build a pipeline between th two countries even though all the experts were predicting Eshel would be {mpeached. Jo Wilf is described as a geoP political genius with a pr like ability to predict political trends.