69) 0) text: So does Norman. He is confused. Outside, we still see the Shtetl man. Norman is contemplating something. He looks at the contac list on his phone. 100 86. INT. CAROL RASKIN’S OFFICE - DAY 100 We are in the United States Attorney's office in lower Manhattan. There are 5 LAWYERS in this room, one of them, the person charge, is CAROL RASKIN, who is speaking directly to-- Alex Green, sitting across her desk. Carol is holding a copy of the New York Times in her hand she disciplines Alex.
69) 1) dialog: You have the president of the United States inquiring about an investigation that I don’t even know about! This is not the Middle East, Ms. Green! In this part of the world, there are rules. There are regulations. There are agreements between countries on how to obtain evidence in a criminal case... ecially if it has to do with a lester of a foreign country! How could I not know this investigation was going on??
69) 3) dialog: So where are they getting this from? Is the Israeli police questioning an American citizen or not?
69) 5) dialog: (confused) Wait. You didn’t speak to this guy yet? Alex hesitates before she answers.
69) 6) dialog: It’s a simple question. Did you speak to him?
69) 11) dialog: Who is he? What’s his name? Your witness...
69) 13) dialog: I'll find out sooner or later... Who is he? His name in Norman Oppenheimer.
70) 0) text: Norman is exiting the Starbucks with his paper under his and his coffee in his hand. But then he stops in his steps. He thinks for a moment. H has an idea... INT. CAROL RASKIN’S OFFICE - DAY 102
70) 1) dialog: Norman Oppenheimer? Alex nods her head. Carol places the newspaper on her desk, leans back in her chair, and smiles.
70) 2) dialog: Norman Oppenheimer?
70) 4) dialog: Are you kidding me? Alex shakes her head. Carol loses her smile.
70) 5) dialog: Unbelievable. (takes a moment) (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
70) 8) dialog: You're going to topple down a democratically elected, acting prime minister and jeopardize America’s long term foreign policy because of something Norman Oppenheimer told you on a train?? Alex remains silent. INT. STARBUCKS —- DAY 103 Norman is back in the Starbucks, waiting for the restroom he waits, he is restless. He seems excited about somethin Perhaps he is rehearsing a conversation in his head. INT. CAROL RASKIN’S OFFICE - DAY 104
70) 9) dialog: (deep breath Alright. I’m glad we had this meeting. No harm done. m going to call Bruce Schwartz Sad ter him there is no investigation involving an American citizen going on. End of story. False alarm. We can all relax. Carol looks up at Alex to see if she is understanding her But Alex’s expression is anything but relaxing.
70) 10) dialog: Don’t give me that look. Norman Oppenheimer is not a friend of mine. I know him like I know four million other people. I don’t even remember what the connection is. He knows a cousin of mine... He sends me e-mails... I don’t think I’ve ever responded to him. If he turns out to be a crook, I couldn’t care less. But trust me- Norman Oppenheimer might be a royal nudge, but he is not your villain. He’s a poor, jonely shmo trying to survive. And he is a pathological liar, in case you didn’t notice.
70) 14) dialog: Why is he calling you?
70) 16) dialog: I thought you said he doesn’t know about this.
71) 1) text: INT. CAROL RASKIN’S OFFICE - AT THE SAME TIME 106
71) 2) dialog: Go ahead. Take the call. Put him on speaker. Alex places her phone on the desk and puts Norman on spea