18) 1) text: It is seven hours ahead and DUBY (60s), Eshel’s lawyer, a small man with intense eyes and a no-nonsense demeanor, i in bed, picking up a pen and note-pad from his night-tabl THEY SPEAK HEBREW.
18) 2) dialog: (as he writes down the name Norman Oppenheimer) Did he say what he does?
18) 4) dialog: You want to meet Arthur Taub, but not through this guy Norman. (CONTINUED)
18) 8) dialog: You can’t walk in there with someone you just met and know nothing about. These things are important. If you want to meet Arthur, let me set up a proper meeting.
18) 10) dialog: I’m sure. One hundred percent sure. Eshel has walked out onto the terrace of the suite.
18) 12) dialog: Listen to me. We don’t even know what this event is all about... I don’t want you walking into an uncomfortable situation. Go see a movie. Go have a good meal. Should I_ reserve a table for you at a nice place?
18) 14) dialog: No. Nothing special. It’s better this way...
18) 18) dialog: (searching the web for entertainment options) Do you want to see a show tonight? What do you feel like doing?
18) 20) dialog: I’m getting you tickets for a show!
18) 22) dialog: Okay. Put it on your hotel bill. They’re paying for it. And do me a favor - stay away from the Normans. I’m serious. Duby disappears, we stay on Eshel. He sits down on the sofa in his suite. He is restless. His phone RINGS. He realizes it is Norman. He is tempted answer, but as per Duby’s instructions - he doesn’t. Instead, he picks up the remote control and turns on the as the phone continues to RING.
34) 1) text: A long line of MEN and WOMEN has formed around a highly guarded reception area where Eshel and other VIPs are sha ands and greeting each other. Norman is looking at Eshel from a distance. From his POV see Duby, Eshel’s lawyer who is now his chief of staff. And HANNA (38) curly hair, nice smile and energetic eyes. They are standing behind Eshel with cell phones in their hands, whispering to each other and occasionally into Esh ear, monitoring the people who get to approach the new pr minister. Philip Cohen approaches Norman. He has a plate of PECAN P WITH IPPED CREAM in his hand. Together they continue to look at Eshel from a distance.
35) 1) dialog: Jo Wilf, needs no introduction.
35) 5) dialog: Pastor Kermit Little, founder of Christians Assembly for Israel.
35) 11) dialog: Norman Oppenheimer, from New York... Eshel turns to face Norman. A beat. There is definite favorable recognition. Eshel’s face bre into a huge and warm smile. Sound-track back to normal.
35) 16) dialog: He is?
35) 23) dialog: Congressman Bob Love from Georgia.
35) 33) dialog: More importantL y Sir Gavin Solomon's granddaughter... I mentioned him to you the other day.
37) 44) dialog: Please, don’t speak to anyone on behalf of the prime minister. If he asks you for something, it is important that you speak to me or with Hanna first. Okay? (handing over her card) Feel free to call me. That’s what I’m here for. Any time. Don’t worry, all his calls so don’t use any of t ge though me, e old numbers. I’m so happy to finally meet you in person... (CONTINUED)
41) 0) text: Eshel, Duby, Hanna, Naomi and other AIDES AND STAFF toget with the regular GROUP OF SECRET SERVICE MEN, enter one o the large drawing rooms, still swarming with JOURNALISTS, EMBASSY STAFF AND OTHER GUESTS. The official/ceremonial part of the day is over and Eshel in a playful, jet-lagged mood.
41) 2) dialog: {smiling The “specia relationship” is intact!
41) 8) dialog: (to Eshel) One more hand to shake, I’m afraid. You've met Bruce Schwartz before, haven't you? Special Middle East Coordinator Bruce comes over and sits in one of the chairs opposite Eshel.
41) 14) dialog: Bruce would like to go over some points before tomorrow’s meeting with the president. Bruce leans in. Duby and Hanna lean in too, to Bruce’s surprise.
41) 21) dialog: To pay lip service.
41) 27) dialog: Fate.
41) 29) dialog: (to Bruce) I would be nappy to go over our itinerary with you so that we can discuss the sensitivities of each group...
53) 3) dialog: Don’t say it as if you’ ve done something wrong. That’s your job. Keeping the Normans away.
53) 5) dialog: I don’t care. Norman does not get passed you. No matter what he says. If he becomes obsessive, you can take a call from him once every few days so that he doesn't get paranoid, and to keep the connection alive, but never, never put him through. Understood? Never. Hanna accepts this, but she doesn’t like it.
53) 6) dialog: Don’t worry about Norman. Gettin you on the phone is enough for him. More than enough. In his head, he just had a conversion with the prime minister of Israel.
56) 0) text: We enter during a musical interlude. A VERDI ARIA is bein performed on stage. On Hanna, off stage, surrounded by security guards: her c phone is blinking. Her screen reads - “Norman”. She shows to Duby. Duby smiles, signals with his fist that she need be firm.
64) 20) dialog: We can learn a thing or two from Maor. Sometimes you have to hold your nose and smile politely. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
64) 25) dialog: It is all a question of balance. The Russians need to see that you are aware of their interests.
64) 27) dialog: Even if it seems dirty to you, it is important and necessary,. The Americans are backing our talks for the exact same reason - to break the Russian monopoly in the European gas market. No difference. For us it is just a question of keeping the right balance between all these interests.
64) 29) dialog: I like the word balance more than I like compromise... Dub opens the door and with a slight touch on Eshel’s low bac e pushes him into the reception. We hear cameras clicking from the other side of the door.
65) 0) text: Eshel has a frozen smile on his face as a DELEGATION OF RUSSIAN BUSINESSMEN is being introduced to him in process Duby is standing next to him, both impressed and a bit worried by Eshel’s grin. There is a SIMULTANEOUS INTERPRETER translating the Russi to English.
66) 5) dialog: (clearly very worried) I don’t know yet.
66) 7) dialog: Maybe. I don’t know who this buSinessman is yet, but if he is an American citizen, he can’t testify without your justice department being part of the procedure.
74) 0) text: Eshel is in his seat on the parliament floor, listening t absorbing - a scathing speech delivered with much pathos RON MAOR. We focus on Eshel's face, on Duby’s face, on Hanna’s face they are forced to hear sentences like: RON MAOR. We‘ve seen politicians with no backbone gain power before - that is not new... We’ve seen political opportunists who grossly distort e@ will of the citizens who voted them into office, only to shamefully gain favor in the eyes of foreign rulers in service o interests that are not our own - that is not new either. But never in our nation’s history has a man of such low moral standing, so spiritually empty, so unapologetical y hedonistic, selfish I dare say - been ina position to do so much damage to our people and our nation, as the man I'm pointing to right now. (CONTINUED)
74) 3) dialog: No. Not today. I can’t deal with Norman.
74) 5) dialog: Alright, but keep it short. Don’t let him get involved in anything. Hanna steps out as she answers her phone.
77) 0) text: We see Duby walking out of the parliament hall with Hanna phone, fuming. He enters a SMOKING AREA closed off with g walls, where he can finally raise his voice.
77) 1) dialog: Shut up, Norman.
77) 3) dialog: Shut up and listen to what I’m saying to you. I don’t want you meeting anybody on our behalf. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
77) 6) dialog: Creating the impression that in someway you are connected to our office is a severe punishable crime. Do you understand me? SILENCE. Hanna is watching Duby on the other side of the glass.
77) 7) dialog: I want to make sure I am clear about this. Stop using the prime minister’s name. Just stop. Don’t do it anymore. He is not your friend and you do not have an relationship with him. I forbid you to meet with this woman. Do you understand what I’m saying? Answer me. Norman's eyes are focused on a tray with beautiful NUT CO TRUFFLES. Then the focus changes - reflected in the shop window, No notices the THE SHTETL MAN standing across the street. He realizes that this man has been following him around sinc first saw him through the Starbucks window. After a pause.
77) 9) dialog: Good. Goodbye Norman. Duby hangs up, exits the smoking area and hands the phone back to Hanna as if the phone itself is contaminated.
77) 10) dialog: Enough. Don’t answer his calls anymore. He is cut off. No more. Just the thought of him talking to an investigator makes me want to vomit. And find out who Alex Green is... Something is bothering Hanna.
77) 11) dialog: What is it?
77) 17) dialog: I don’t want to talk about Norman anymore. Lets find out who this businessman is. I need a name! In a day every newspaper in the world ill want to know who this man is and we need to be prepared... He walks back into the parliament hall.
79) 1) text: A tight shot on Duby and Hanna.
79) 2) dialog: Call Norman. Tell him you want to apologize for how I spoke to him. Then tell him we know who the guy is and we are not worried. This unnamed businessman has so many skeletons in his closet, sex offenses, tax fraud, money laundering, the man is a total mess = no prosecutor in the world would dare put him on the witness stand. Hanna is confused.
79) 4) dialog: Just do what I said. And make it sound as if you are telling this to him in confidence, behind my back. Make him swear not to repeat what he just heard. Hanna gets it.
79) 6) dialog: He’1l be trying to prove to her that he knows what’s going on. And not only to her. He’ "ut spread the word all over the place and he’1l probably exaggerate it so that it sounds even worse. Call him. Make him believe there is nothing to worry about. His beloved prime minister is perfectly fine. Go. Make the call. But how do you A now he is going to meet with that investigator? You told him not to. Duby smiles.
79) 7) dialog: Just call him.
93) 0) text: On Eshel’s shocked face. The camera pulls back to reveal Duby whispering into Eshe ear, while Eshel is sitting at the center of a room, wait for a cabinet meeting to begin. We see Hanna standing near by, holding her phone in her f Eshel wants to say something, but in this setting he can’ say a word. He looks over at Duby Duby steps back, out of the light. A SHADOW falls over Duby’ s face.
93) 3) text: Cartoons, caricatures - of Norman in relation to the prim minister, under the sound of Duby’s voice.
93) 4) dialog: Right now, very few people know who Norman Oppenheimer is, but in a few days everyone will want to. We have an opportunity to brand him... First caricature: Norman is a rich uncle offering a lolli to an innocent, child-like prime minister on a street cor
93) 5) dialog: ...-To introduce him to the world in a way that will disqualify him as witness and at the same time paint the prime minister as an innocent victim. Second caricature: Norman as a stray mutt latching onto t prime minister’s leg as he tries to shake him off with an olive branch on his way up to receiving the Nobel peace prize.
93) 6) dialog: If our leader is a victim... We are all victims... Third Caricature: Norman is the sore toe on the foot of a aching prime minister portrayed as Atlas with a globe weighing heavily on his shoulders.
93) 8) dialog: Never say that... It is not true. Fourth caricature: A Cinderella-like situation. Norman, w a devious smirk on his face, trying to fit a shoe on Eshe foot. Eshel appearing as a delicate, beautiful princess. INT. PRIME MINISTER’S OFFICE - NIGHT - ISRAEL 138 On Eshel’s face sitting behind his desk. He looks devasta
93) 9) dialog: You are Mr. Peace right now. The press will be on your side - Nobody wants to see our peace efforts go down the drain because of the fantasies of some Jewish macher. We need to portray him as a delusional name-dropper who has been sucking your blood for years. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
93) 12) dialog: You need to say this in a clear way, not only because it is necessary, but because it is true. Eshel exchanges a look with Hanna.
93) 14) dialog: It is not about you and him. It is much bigger than whatever personal feelings you might have right now. And bigger than the pain it brings on any one person. Eshel is shaking his head, he needs more...
93) 15) dialog: Norman Oppenheimer is a threat to our national interests. You_need to treat him like you would any other threat. This is not your choice. It is your duty. It sinks in. SLOW DISSOLVE FROM ESHEL’S FACE TO NORMAN, STANDING AT: