34) 1) text: A long line of MEN and WOMEN has formed around a highly guarded reception area where Eshel and other VIPs are sha ands and greeting each other. Norman is looking at Eshel from a distance. From his POV see Duby, Eshel’s lawyer who is now his chief of staff. And HANNA (38) curly hair, nice smile and energetic eyes. They are standing behind Eshel with cell phones in their hands, whispering to each other and occasionally into Esh ear, monitoring the people who get to approach the new pr minister. Philip Cohen approaches Norman. He has a plate of PECAN P WITH IPPED CREAM in his hand. Together they continue to look at Eshel from a distance.
37) 43) dialog: 
41) 0) text: Eshel, Duby, Hanna, Naomi and other AIDES AND STAFF toget with the regular GROUP OF SECRET SERVICE MEN, enter one o the large drawing rooms, still swarming with JOURNALISTS, EMBASSY STAFF AND OTHER GUESTS. The official/ceremonial part of the day is over and Eshel in a playful, jet-lagged mood.
49) 4) text: Hanna is by her desk in the prime minister’s office in Jerusalem. Her phone is RINGING, but she is letting it ri There is a TREMENDOUS BOUQUET OF ROSES on her desk. Hanna looks tired and upset, holding her head, looking do at_a CARD. We close in on the card. It reads: I’M SO SORR PLEASE, PLEASE FORGIVE ME. NORMAN OPPENHEIMER.
52) 17) dialog: I'm really sorry, Norman. The prime minister is not available to speak right now. (CONTINUED)
52) 22) dialog: I'm afraid Duby is also unavailable. I’m sorry Norman. These are busy days for us. Unfortunately I can’t be more specific, but I’m sure you understand. Norman is visibly distressed by this. By now he has walke over to the OFFICE FURNITURE SECTION. He sits down on one the office chairs behind one of the desks on display, as this were his natural work area.
52) 24) dialog: (checking with Duby...) I will, Norman. Thanks for calling. Duby is signaling with his hand to ask who the “certain individual” is.
52) 25) dialog: Can you tell me who this person is?
52) 27) dialog: Okay, Norman. Thank you...
53) 2) dialog: (to Duby, in Hebrew) What do I do with him? That’s the fifth time I’ve blown him off.
53) 4) dialog: Do you know what the prime minister wanted from him? Isn’t David applying to Harvard?
56) 0) text: We enter during a musical interlude. A VERDI ARIA is bein performed on stage. On Hanna, off stage, surrounded by security guards: her c phone is blinking. Her screen reads - “Norman”. She shows to Duby. Duby smiles, signals with his fist that she need be firm.
58) 2) text: Hanna’s phone is blinking. It is Norman. Hanna takes a de breath then focuses her attention on Eshel and a Chinese official as they applaud the end of an ISRAELI FOLK DANCE NUMBER performed by a CHILDREN'S DANCE GROUP.
59) 22) dialog: (with tears) Stop... Stop... Stop... Please, Stop On Norman, waiting, hoping, she will pick up:
59) 24) dialog: Stop. Go away. You are sucking all ny energy out. I have important things to deal with. Real problems to solve. Please, stop... Norman finally hangs up. On Hanna, looking at the Chinese kettle with endless gratitude:
59) 25) dialog: Thank you.
60) 10) dialog: Good morning, Norman.
60) 12) dialog: We are fine... yes...
74) 0) text: Eshel is in his seat on the parliament floor, listening t absorbing - a scathing speech delivered with much pathos RON MAOR. We focus on Eshel's face, on Duby’s face, on Hanna’s face they are forced to hear sentences like: RON MAOR. We‘ve seen politicians with no backbone gain power before - that is not new... We’ve seen political opportunists who grossly distort e@ will of the citizens who voted them into office, only to shamefully gain favor in the eyes of foreign rulers in service o interests that are not our own - that is not new either. But never in our nation’s history has a man of such low moral standing, so spiritually empty, so unapologetical y hedonistic, selfish I dare say - been ina position to do so much damage to our people and our nation, as the man I'm pointing to right now. (CONTINUED)
74) 4) dialog: But if I don’t answer he will drive me crazy all day. He’ll_ call ever three minutes. It’s easier to jus answer.
75) 1) dialog: Norman. How are you?
76) 2) dialog: Busy as usual.
76) 4) dialog: I'm afraid they're...
76) 9) dialog: Norman, I don’t think it is such a good idea for you...
76) 11) dialog: Norman. Hold on a second. Just wait on the line.
77) 0) text: We see Duby walking out of the parliament hall with Hanna phone, fuming. He enters a SMOKING AREA closed off with g walls, where he can finally raise his voice.
77) 12) dialog: I’m not sure it was such a good idea to insult Norman that way... (CONTINUED)
77) 16) dialog: I think he is just trying to help. If you would have told him nicely that he would be helping us if he didn’t speak to anyone, I think that would have been more effective.
79) 1) text: A tight shot on Duby and Hanna.
79) 3) dialog: You know who he is? Who is he??
79) 5) dialog: You think he'll repeat it all to the investigator.
93) 0) text: On Eshel’s shocked face. The camera pulls back to reveal Duby whispering into Eshe ear, while Eshel is sitting at the center of a room, wait for a cabinet meeting to begin. We see Hanna standing near by, holding her phone in her f Eshel wants to say something, but in this setting he can’ say a word. He looks over at Duby Duby steps back, out of the light. A SHADOW falls over Duby’ s face.