6) 0) text: Norman is standing across the street from a DINER called BROOKLYN DINER at the floor of a huge office building. He is looking through the windows of the diner at Bill Kavish, now dressed in his business suit, sitting with a other businessmen in one of the booths. The man in the ce of this Breakfast gathering is JO WILF (70), authoritativ calm, allowing the younger men around him to do all the talking. Norman pulls out his phone and dials.
37) 15) dialog: How come I don’t know you? I know every Oppenheimer in the world...
37) 18) dialog: How close is_ close? Close close? Or “close”?
37) 21) dialog: That’s pretty close. Good to know. Eshel, he is still a mystery to me... Tell me something about him... (CONTINUED)
37) 37) dialog: (pulling Bill Kavish into the frame) Look, there might be something for us to talk about. Call my office. Bill, make sure we get in touch with Mr. Oppenheimer.
52) 3) dialog: Norman, Philip tells me you can help me.
52) 5) dialog: Here, talk to Bill. Jo puts the call on SPEAKER - Bill Kavish steps up to the phone.
59) 1) text: INT. BERGDORF GOODMAN - SPLIT WITH - INT. JO WILF’S OFFIC
59) 14) dialog: screaming) Jo.-- Jo.-— Jo.-- Jo.-- They Rabbi Blumenthal is not my are about to launch a war in fucking problem! There’s a Syria that might escalate billion dollars on the line into world war three, what do here! Fix this, Norman, or you want me to do about it? this is the last time you are He has a country to run. He speaking to anyone in this busy! building. I don’t care who started world war three... Think about that...
100) 0) text: We are outside the Brooklyn Diner on 57th St. Through one the windows we see Norman and Jo Wilf sitting across from each other in a booth. We can’t hear them, but we see that while Norman is explaining his idea, he is writing his usual diagrams on NAPKIN, names, numbers and a scheme of lines connecting t all. At a certain point, he hands the napkin to Jo. Jo lo at it. He seems impressed. They and shake hands.
107) 0) text: The hall is set up with American, Palestinian and Israeli flags. Bruce Schwartz is looking down at a beautiful ceremonial TABLE set up for a peace treaty signing with a satisfied expression on his face. . TV_ COVERAGE OF JO WILF’S DEAL: 156 Over footage of images of massive gas drilling rigs in th Arctic Ocean, and pictures of Jo Wilf- The HOST is explaining how Jo Wilf had over a billion dol in a_short position against the stock price of the Russia Gas Company which plummeted after it turned out Israel an Turkey signed an agreement to build a pipeline between th two countries even though all the experts were predicting Eshel would be {mpeached. Jo Wilf is described as a geoP political genius with a pr like ability to predict political trends.