37) 42) dialog: His grades are very good. But he missed some of his exams because he had to go to miluim, you know what miluim is? Army service. What can you do? We live in a tough neighborhood... but he is an excellent student.
41) 0) text: Eshel, Duby, Hanna, Naomi and other AIDES AND STAFF toget with the regular GROUP OF SECRET SERVICE MEN, enter one o the large drawing rooms, still swarming with JOURNALISTS, EMBASSY STAFF AND OTHER GUESTS. The official/ceremonial part of the day is over and Eshel in a playful, jet-lagged mood.
61) 0) text: Norman hangs up. He looks down at his phone. We see hi screen. He scrolls down his contact list, stopping at: © PRIVATE CELL” Norman deliberates for a brief moment, then, impulsively, presses CALL. He holds his breath while he waits. INT. MICHA ESHEL’S CLOSET - NIGHT - ISRAEL - SAME TIME 84 We are in a walk-in closet in Micha Eshel’s private residence. In a BOX with other unused items from before he was elect we see an outdated cellphone vibrate and come to life. We see the screen: “NORMAN” Our view moves back to reveal Naomi, Eshel’s wife, sleepi alone in her bed.
65) 12) dialog: I meant to ask you - do you want me to continue paying the bill for ing us about that phone? It’s cos four hundred shekel a month...
65) 15) dialog: And I never understood why - If anything, he should make that lump feel worse.
65) 17) dialog: Generous is a strange way to describe him.
65) 22) dialog: Okay, without saying anything negative about Norman Oppenheimer, he’s not your “friend.” He’s someone that you take advantage of when it’s convenient for you.
65) 24) dialog: No it’s not. It’s just the reality. When you needed him in New York you allowed him to enter you life, now that you don’t need him anymore, you completely ignore him. But I’m not complaining about that because I think he’s an embarrassing human being and he shouldn’t have been in your life in the first place.
65) 26) dialog: Maybe not consciously. And I believe you that you consider him a friend. But I think the right thing to do, at least at this point, is pot to take anymore favors from im. Eshel thinks about this for a second. He seems to agree w at Naomi. what Naomi is saying. He puts his phone down and looks ov Then... Switching tone:
65) 28) dialog: No, but I didn’t feel comfortable with it and it still bothers me.
65) 30) dialog: Honestly - what went through my mind was that Norman probably can’t deliver on this anyway, that it’s just another empty promise, so I didn’t see the point in making a fuss over it. (CONTINUED)
65) 35) dialog: (turning around and shutting off the light You’re in no position to judge me, Mr. Prime Minister. INT. ESHEL’S BEDROOM - LATER - ISRAEL 90 Eshel in his bed. He can’t sleep. It is that lump in his chest. We close in on his worried face. FADE OUT.