0) 0) text: It is still dark outside. The CNN clock over Columbus Circle shows: 5:25am. NORMAN OPPENHEIMER (60) is standing next to a_bench Central Park. He has EARPHONES in both ears. In his hand notice a METAL BUSINESS CARD HOLDER. At this hour it is either fitness fanatics or true workaholics who need to be in the office by 7am, exercisi in the park. Norman is watching these fanatics pass by.
1) 1) dialog: This is the idea, the Israeli government is withholding about three hundred million dollars of tax receivables from the Palestinian Authority. My idea is to find someone here, someone like Jo Wilf, or an Arthur Taub, who would buy that debt. Pay the Palestinians eighty or ninety cents on_the dollar, assuming that the Palestinians will take what they can get at this point, and that the Israeli government would have no choice but to honor their debt to an American financial institution. We see PHILIP COHEN (40) listening to Norman in a crowded Starbucks with a polite but very skeptical look on his fa
1) 2) dialog: (passing the napkin to Philip) Everybody wins. The Palestinians get their money. Israel isn’t making any political concessions, and lets say it is Wilf - he collects thirty or forty million or worst case scenario - just the interest for that debt.
1) 4) dialog: Because it is better than getting nothing. Philip thinks about this for a moment. (CONTINUED)
2) 2) dialog: It is. I've thought it through. I just need someone who can do it. (pointing at Wilf’s name on the napkin Isn't this the scale of the kind of deals Wilf is looking for? A tight shot of Norman in Central Park, smiling, recallin this conversation with Philip. There is a strange excitem in his expression. He pulls the earphones out of his ears Then back to:
3) 2) dialog: All I_want_to do is present it to him. I really think it serves everyone. When something is good, it’s good. This is good.
3) 4) dialog: But you have friends there. Don’t you? This is your circle... Philip has to consider this for a moment. NORMAN cour’ D) If you're not comfortable doing this, I’1l understand. I can ask a few other people I know... But I wanted to show it to you first.
3) 6) dialog: Yeah. Maybe. Why do I know that name?
3) 7) text: Back to Norman. One of the runners he sees is BILL KAVISH(35). We follow Bill, FROM NORMAN’S POV, as he finishes his run stops by a tree to stretch his muscles. We focus in on Bill’s energized face as we continue to he
4) 0) text: Back to Philip and Norman.
4) 1) dialog: Can you introduce me to Bill?
4) 3) dialog: There is nothing to lose. If he is not interested, he'll say he is not interested... But if he is... You never know...
4) 5) dialog: You're doing him a favor... But okay. That's Fine. Can I say we are related? Can I say I’m your uncle? (CONTINUED)
4) 10) dialog: But I’m a good swimmer. Don’t forget that. As long as my head is above water, I know how to tread. With a pat on Norman's back, Philip leaves.
5) 0) text: We’re back at the park where Bill, still stretching, noti Norman staring at him. Norman raises his hand in an innoc friendly gesture. Bill has no idea who he is. He nods his head and continue stretching, a bit suspicious of the friendly stranger. Norman approaches him, handing him his BUSINESS CARD.
5) 1) dialog: Good morning, Bill. Norman Oppenheimer.
5) 3) dialog: I only need a few minutes of your time. I know you are busy. Philip Cohen might have mentioned me...
5) 6) dialog: I’m in touch with your secretary twice a day. Very nice lady, but You don’t return my calls. What am I supposed to do?
5) 8) dialog: It’s a good business opportunity, Why should I let it go? I wouldn't be here if it wasn’t time sensitive. Just give me a minute to explain. A very igh official, I can’t mention his name right now, came to me with an offer to sell his country’s tax receivables to a third party... Bill can’t believe he’s in this situation. He looks at No as if he is a crazy man.
5) 9) dialog: Eighty cents on the dollar...
5) 11) dialog: (as Bill walks awa Bill, I wouldn’t be doing this if I didn't think it is worth ’Jo’s time. Don’t trust me, trust Philip. Sometimes good things come in surprising ways... You never know... You never know, right? Worse comes to worse, he kicks me out the door...
5) 13) dialog: So I’ll tell my partners we had a good conversation... and we’ll see what happens. Okay? Bill shakes his head with disbelief and walks away. (CONTINUED)
6) 0) text: Norman is standing across the street from a DINER called BROOKLYN DINER at the floor of a huge office building. He is looking through the windows of the diner at Bill Kavish, now dressed in his business suit, sitting with a other businessmen in one of the booths. The man in the ce of this Breakfast gathering is JO WILF (70), authoritativ calm, allowing the younger men around him to do all the talking. Norman pulls out his phone and dials.
6) 1) dialog: I got a meeting! INT. PHILIP’S OFFICE - SAME TIME 10
6) 3) dialog: Better. With Arthur Taub. We sense that Philip doesn’t believe Norman.
6) 5) dialog: (walking away) I told you, I’m a good swimmer. Our view expands to see Norman walking away and blending the Midtown bustle. This image gradually goes out of focu
7) 1) text: Norman walks into this vast, intimidating lobby. He approaches a reception desk underneath a sign that rea “Barclays Oil and Gas Exploration Conference” Norman causally stands in line with a few other business people waiting to register.
8) 1) text: Norman has a name-tag over his chest pocket. It reads: NO
9) 1) text: A buffet lunch is being served. The ATTENDEES are minglin Maor is the center of the room, everyone is trying to get word with him. But there is a SMALLER GROUP OF PEOPLE greeting Eshel as on the other side of the room. It_is as if these two important men, Eshel and Maor, whil polite to each other and perfectly pleasant, are actually apposing teams. Norman is following this dynamic very carefully, noticing they elegantly avoid eye contact with each other. At a certain point Maor is escorted out of the room by hi security guards and entourage. Eshel watches Maor leave. While Norman is watching Eshel. 15 16 17 18
10) 0) text: The room is now three-quarters empty. In this panel, Micha Eshel is the main attraction. He speaks with much less pathos and with considerable hum and ease. THE FEW PEOPLE that stayed to hear him, seem to enjoy his sarcasm. Norman is sitting in the back, listeni
11) 0) text: Eshel is acceptin compliments | from the few people who a walking with him toward the exit. Norman is tailing behind. He follows Eshel out the doors, watching him as he says goodbye to all the people around him - ‘surprisingly remaining all alone on the Midtown sidewalk, without any entourage or security. Eshel puts on his sunglasses takes in the busy street as if deciding where to go, then heads Uptown. Nozman peels off his name-tag from his jacket and follows Eshel.
12) 0) text: Eshel stops at a traffic light. Norman is close behind hi
14) 0) text: From inside the shop and its exquisitely designed display window, we see out toward Madison Ave. Different Upper East Side types cross the window. Then Eshel stops by the window. He looks inside at a pair BEAUTIFUL CALFSKIN SHOES set on a pedestal. The shoes are centerpiece of the window display. He is munching out of a his BAG OF CHOCOLATES. Then we see NORMAN walk by the shop. Norman looks at Eshel for a moment, making believe he is recognizing him for the first time. Eshel turns around. Norman introduces himself. They shake hands. They talk for a bit. They are referring to somethi in the display window. Norman is laughing. So is Eshel. They stop laughing and continue conversing about somethin both of them seem to agree on. Eshel offers Norman a chocolate from his bag. Norman firm declines. Then Norman opens the door to the shop and allo Eshel to enter before him. Only now do we hear them, mid conversation:
14) 1) dialog: -.-I’d be hap ppy to introduce you to him. Let me tell Arthur you are in town. I’m going to his dinner tonight. You can join me.
14) 3) dialog: wy wife used to baby-sit him. Then e ended up working for him, years later. They were very close. (pulling out his cell phone) (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
14) 6) dialog: Let me tell him you’re here, I’m sure he would be happy if you came tonight. Eshel examines Norman’s face. His ghothing - His hair. Th is something about his appearance that makes Eshel want t think this over.
14) 11) dialog: Mr. Eshel is speaking at a very special event later this week and has a series of meetings with business leaders and diplomats. He would like to try on the shoes in the window. Jacques puts his hand under his chin and looks at Eshel, taking in the clothing he is currently wearing and his general style. Eshel humors him by posing with his hands folded under hi chest.
14) 14) dialog: This is Mr. Micha Eshel. He is the minister of trade and labor in Israel and deputy to the prime minister.
14) 24) dialog: No you don’t. I’ve seen your appearances on TV. You look great.
14) 26) dialog: No, you are one of the few Israeli politicians who radiates optimism.
14) 28) dialog: Change is good. That’s what I was told.
14) 31) dialog: Stagnation. (CONTINUED)
14) 38) dialog: What about you? Would you ever consider running?
14) 44) dialog: Of course they are. It’s not black tie, but this is going to be a classy crowd. It’s at the Waldorf Astoria. (CONTINUED)
14) 48) dialog: What size shoe are you? A ten? Eleven? Just try them on. We’re already here.
14) 50) dialog: (handing the shoe to Jacques ) We'll try these on for Mr. Eshel. Jacques walks over to one of the racks, looking for something.
14) 53) dialog: Let’s see what he comes up with. Don’t say no before you try it on. (reassuring him with eye contact) Don’t worry. Trust me. Enjoy it. Let him do his job.
15) 0) text: Eshel is now standing with his back to a set of THREE MIRRORS. He is dressed in a new elegant suit, shirt and t He looks, and more importantly - FEELS amazing. It is not flashy, it does not call too much attention to itself, bu does give him a uniqueness that Eshel can feel even witho seeing himself. Norman is reflected in all 3 mirrors, smiling. Jacques is kneeling by Eshel’s feet, fixing his cuff.
15) 2) dialog: Used to work for him, yes. She passed away.
15) 5) dialog: This was years ago. But she was very close to Arthur and I would be more than happy if you joined me tonight. He is someone you should meet...
15) 7) dialog: (expertly) There are two kinds of moguls. One kind is like a big ocean-liner ship, they make a lot of waves, and noise, everybody can see them from miles away... Like Jo Wilf. I think Minister Maor is in his close circle of friends. Eshel takes note of that last point. NORMAN (CONT’D) And then there is Arthur, who is more like a nuclear submarine. Quiet. Fast. Young. And extremely sophisticated. (CONTINUED)
15) 11) dialog: He’s an interesting fellow. He likes to surround Rimselt with consultants who are in influential political positions but with an eye on the future. He has good instincts about these things. And he is very good about compensating his consultants. You’d enjoy meeting him. Eshel takes this in.
15) 13) dialog: Of course. But if you need ny help reaching him, I’m happy to do it. Even if it is just to plant a seed...
15) 15) dialog: Where are you staying while you are here? How can I reach you? We sense Eshel doesn’t want to answer that question. He l over at Norman, again trying to evaluate him. Jacques at this point has helped him slip on a pair of surprisingly simple looking shoes with a metallic brown t to them and ordinary laces.
15) 21) dialog: But what if you didn’t know how much it costs?
15) 23) dialog: to Jacques) Could Mr. Eshel perhaps borrow the suit for his event?
15) 26) dialog: Then keep the shoes.
15) 28) dialog: Please. Let me buy you these shoes. It would be my privilege to buy them for you. If it makes an Israeli leader feel good, that is the least I can do. (CONTINUED)
15) 32) dialog: (kneeling by Eshel with the shoes) Would you at least put them on one more time. Go ahead. Just put your feet inside, before you say no. Eshel looks at Jacques, then at Norman, and finally slips feet back into the shoes. Eshel is now in his shirt, tie, underwear, socks and - metallic brown dress shoes. He lov these shoes! Norman pulls out his CREDIT CARD and gives i Jacques. NORMAN (CONT’D) We're taking them. I don’t want you walking out of here empty handed...
15) 34) dialog: It’s an expense for me. I write it off. Don’t argue... I want to do it.
15) 36) dialog: You don’t have to. I got it. Norman pushes Eshel’s hand away, nods to Jacques, who tak moment to confirm the transaction before he steps into a room with the credit card.
15) 38) dialog: Yes. Positive. Don’t worry. I’m happy to do it. Eshel is looking down at Norman’s worn-out $40 shoes.
15) 40) dialog: Me? No. I need special orthopedic shoes, I have a very wide foot. Don! t ask. I’ve got problematic eet... (CONTINUED)
15) 44) dialog: Everything is perfect! Enjoy!
15) 48) dialog: My pleasure.
15) 50) dialog: Next time...
15) 52) dialog: I have severe nut allergies. One wrong bite and I can drop dead. (CONTINUED)
15) 55) dialog: No. Peanuts. But this is the one area I don’t take any risks. Thank you for offering.
15) 57) dialog: If it has even the smallest trace of a peanut, my body mistakes it for a dangerous substance and immediately shuts itself down. My skin reacts, My eyes tear. My nose starts running, and my throa swells so that I can’t breathe. Norman pulls out an EPIPEN injector from his pocket.
15) 58) dialog: If I don’t inject myself with one of these, I can be dead in less than fifteen minutes. Eshel is impressed by this description. He pops the chocolate he was holding into his mouth and carefully places the bag of chocolates on the counter nex Jacques, away from Norman. Jacques nods with gratitude. Eshel walks toward the exit of the fitting room.
15) 59) dialog: What about Arthur? Would you like to meet him? Can I tell him you’1l be coming with me tonight? Eshel thinks about this for a moment. Finally--
15) 61) dialog: Norman Oppenheimer. Eshel walks back in, hands Norman his BUSINESS CARD, and him on his shoulder in a friendly way. (CONTINUED)
15) 65) dialog: And this is me. When you are in New York, if there is anything I can help "with, anything at all, please let me know. And I711 call you later.
16) 0) text: Norman is walking and talking on the phone.
16) 1) dialog: -.-I understand it is a sit-down dinner. I don’t need a seat. Just one seat for Mr. Eshel. I’11 stand. I have to be somewhere anyway. Norman stops walking. Distressed. NORMAN (CONT’D Please, don’t give me a final answer until you speak with Arthur.- - Micha Eshel. -- E. S. H. E. L. Tell him he is the guy in charge of regulating the energy industry...-- My name? Norman Oppenheimer . -- M Eshel is a close friend of mine. -- Micha_is in town for a few days and he told me he would really love to meet Arthur... --Just please ask Arthur.
17) 1) text: Norman gives up, dials another number. After a moment.
17) 2) dialog: Yes. Hi. Can you connect me _to Mr. Eshel’s room... --So can I leave him a message? INT. ESHEL’S HOTEL SUITE - NIGHT - LATER 24
19) 0) text: Norman hangs up his phone. He is waiting by the entrance as INVITEES pass him on the way into a grand Upper East Side townhouse. He steps out to the street corner, but no sign of Eshel. He takes out his phone again. We see the screen. He is calling - “Eshel Private Cell.” It rings and rings.
21) 1) text: Norman has now blended into the mingling guests. (CONTINUED)
22) 1) text: Norman has walked up to the second level of the house. He examines the hors d'oeuvre in his hand - it looks like stuffed fig with an unidentified nut topping - Norman sme it. knowing he can’t eat it, he places it on a mantel behind decorative statue. Then he peeks through the large doors leading into the fo dining room. From Norman’s POV we see a long, fancy dinne table with approximately 20 settings. Next to each settin there is a name card. Norman walks in, going over the name cards until he locat the card that says MICAH ESHEL. It is a proud moment for to have literally secured (by proxy) a seat at the table. He pulls out his phone and dials again. “Eshel private ce He takes a deep, troubled breath as he realizes that Eshe not picking up.
23) 0) text: The guests are now entering the dining area, finding thei seats around the table. Norman is already sitting comfortably by the table, on th seat marked for Micha Eshel. He smiles nonchalantly at the guests as they take their s around him. Arthur, who is talking to a few people on the other side the room, notices Norman sitting by the table. He whispers something into the ear of A WOMAN standing ne to him. She is Arthur's assistant. The smiling assistant approaches Norman. She leans down s that she is very close to his ear.
23) 4) dialog: Of course. Thank you (to the couple sitting next to him) Excuse me... Norman and Arthur’s (smiling) assistant step out and disappear into a corridor.
24) 1) text: The assistant leaves Norman waiting in this indoor basket court which apparently serves as Arthur's kids own all purpose playroom. Norman looks around, taking in the extravagant setting. He has his business card ready in hi hand. Arthur enters.
24) 3) dialog: Norman. We met at the Stern auction. M onute is friendly with Lili. By t I can’t thank you enough for ‘the ast_minute invitation for Eshel.
24) 5) dialog: He’s on his way. I just spoke to him. He apologizes. He was held wu in a meeting at the U.N., But he is on this way...
24) 7) dialog: Yes. A few minutes ago. Arthur is evaluating Norman. He seems amused, rather than angry.
24) 9) dialog: I've been helping him out with some of his American alliances. There are some very interesting ideas he is trying to promote... For instance, I’m sure you’ve heard of the tax money Israel is withholding now... (MORE) (CONTINUED)
24) 12) dialog: He has this genius idea for a third party to buy those tax receivables...
24) 14) dialog: I told him about some of the work you've been doing with the cancer research fund in Israel and other initiatives you support and he was very excited to meet you... yes.
24) 16) dialog: It is a beautiful home...
24) 18) dialog: He should be here any moment...
24) 20) dialog: You want me to wait outside?
24) 22) dialog: Okay « That’s fine. I’m sure he will ere any minute. Thank you, Arthur. (CONTINUED)
25) 1) text: Norman, deflated, is sitting on a bench opposite the townhouse. He is emptying the last candy out of his box of Mike and pkes, chewing on them obsessively, and scratching his col one. From his POV, through the large windows of the townhouse, see Arthur and his guests enjoying their privileged dinne Norman rips apart the Gandy box to make sure it is really empty, then gets up and walks away into the dark park.
26) 1) text: This is an old Upper West Side building. Norman comes walking down the block. He stops by the synagogue and presses his face against the glass door. He tries the door. It is opened.
27) 0) text: We hear a CHOIR and a CANTOR echoing in the foyer. Norman steps into the main sanctuary, following the music.
28) 1) text: A CANTOR and his CHOIR are rehearsing a cantorial piece i this modest in size, but beautiful old New York synagogue The cantor acknowledges Norman with a slight head-nod, as continues the rehearsal. Norman steps out and enters a small kitchenette off the m sanctuary.
29) 0) text: Norman, hungry, finds a box of Ritz crackers on the count and a bottle of ginger ale. (CONTINUED)
29) 4) dialog: If I had the time... If I only had the time.
29) 6) dialog: I just got back from a very special evening. Fascinating people... (casually) At Arthur Taub’s house.
29) 8) dialog: I brought Micha Eshel with me. I should introduce you to him. You know who he is, right?
29) 10) dialog: Micha Eshel. He’s in the Israeli parliament. Young. Charismatic. Sharp - Very sharp. I’m helping him out a bit... showing him the ropes. I’m going to help him raise some money. We sense Rabbi Blumenthal is skeptical of Norman’s name- dropping, but he plays along so not to offend him.
29) 14) dialog: I’m the lucky one. Believe me, this guy - he’s the real thing. He’s an incredible human being.
29) 16) dialog: Next time he is here. We’ll make an evening out of it...
29) 18) dialog: (referring to the cantor in the background) zt relaxes me. I’1l listen for a it. Rabbi Blumenthal nods his head and leaves Norman alone in kitchenette. Norman takes a handful of crackers before he exits--
30) 0) text: Norman quietly sits down on one of the benches and listen THE CHOIR AND CANTOR REHEARSE. The entire wall in front of him is covered with MEMORIAL PLAQUES. Hundreds of names engraved in bronze sheets on t wall. Norman pulls out his phone and looks down at the screen, scrolling down his contact list, waiting, hoping, his pho will ring. But it doesn’t. He looks up. One name plaque in particular catches Norman attention. We close in on it: HENRY KAVISH INT. ESHEL’S HOTEL SUITE - NIGHT 39 WITH THE CANTORIAL HARMONY STILL UNDER THE SCENE. Eshel is alone in his hotel room. He is drunk after a who bottle of wine all to himself. (CONTINUED)
31) 1) text: Norman’s phone RINGS. He looks at the screen, his face lights up: “Eshel Privat Cell.” Norman had just stepped out of the s nagoque, but when he tries to reenter, doors are now er Before Norman answers the call, he walks around the build into a narrow service alley where there are decorative windows into the main sanctuary and rows of garbage cans.
32) 0) text: Norman finds a spot, takes a deep breath--
32) 1) dialog: Hello Sir. INT./EXT. ALLEY - SHARED WITH - ESHEL’S HOTEL SUITE 42
32) 4) dialog: No. Not at all. I just got back from Arthur’s dinner.
32) 6) dialog: That’s okay. No need to apologize. We'll find another opportunity. I told Arthur all about you.
32) 10) dialog: Please, don’t give it another thought.
32) 12) dialog: Positive.
32) 14) dialog: I’m glad.
32) 16) dialog: No, thank you. Eshel’s head drops back, he is about to pass out. NORMAN (CONT’D) Mr. Eshel?
32) 18) dialog: A Ferris wheel?
32) 20) dialog: Yes. I know what you mean..
32) 22) dialog: I do.
32) 26) dialog: Mr. Eshel? Norman stays on the line, listening to Eshel’s heavy breathing. FADE TO BLACK.
34) 1) text: A long line of MEN and WOMEN has formed around a highly guarded reception area where Eshel and other VIPs are sha ands and greeting each other. Norman is looking at Eshel from a distance. From his POV see Duby, Eshel’s lawyer who is now his chief of staff. And HANNA (38) curly hair, nice smile and energetic eyes. They are standing behind Eshel with cell phones in their hands, whispering to each other and occasionally into Esh ear, monitoring the people who get to approach the new pr minister. Philip Cohen approaches Norman. He has a plate of PECAN P WITH IPPED CREAM in his hand. Together they continue to look at Eshel from a distance.
34) 2) dialog: For once I bet on the right horse. What were the odds? It is a miracle.
34) 4) dialog: We‘ve been exchanging messages. It’s not that simple to reach him anymore. He’s got a lot on his plate.
34) 6) dialog: To tell you the truth, I don’t know. From my side, I "want him to know that I’m here for him if he needs me. (CONTINUED)
34) 10) dialog: Of course! But let’s wait for the right moment. I don’t want to push myself on him.
34) 12) dialog: Nonsense. Micha is a friend.
35) 0) text: With AT LEAST TWENTY PEOPLE ahead of them, Norman and Phi are standing on line to meet Eshel. From Norman’s POV we hear bits and pieces of the conversa around Eshel and see visual fragments of these very quick awkward encounters. We jump cut from one encounter to the next, emphasizing t repetitiveness. One of the people introduced is--
35) 8) dialog: Yes. Fine. I might be reacting to something in the room. But I’m okay... The aide standing next to Hanna is going through her list well, finally finding what she was looking for. Norman sees her whisper something into Hanna’s ear, who whispers something into Duby’s ear, who looks up directly Norman. On the sound-track - background ambiance disappears. Norman is as helpless and pale as a condemned man about t hear his verdict. Then he hears-- (CONTINUED)
35) 17) dialog: I am?
35) 26) dialog: Nice to meet you, Congressman. Mrs. Love. Philip leans in, reminding Norman of his presence. NORMAN (CONT’D) This is my nephew, Philip Cohen, I think he is the youngest partner at Frankle, Zell, Gould and Rudoff in New York. Right?
35) 28) dialog: (pulling him in closer) I’m SOrry 1 T didn’t introduce you. ilip, meet prime minister Eshel. (CONTINUED)
35) 32) dialog: Toby is married to a Solomon. Beth. She is Charlie Solomon's daughter...
36) 0) text: 47 Norman is in the back seat of a cab, looking out the wind with a big smile on his face on his way to Union Station. see various DC LANDMARKS AND MEMORIALS (Capitol Hill, Washington Monument, Jefferson Memorial, etc) from Norman
38) 0) text: 49 Back in the cab, The NIGERIAN DRIVER looks back at Norman with a friendly smile. Norman is going over the tens of BUSINESS CARDS he collec over the evening.
39) 1) text: Norman’s cab stops my the main entrance. Norman gets out the cab and enters the station. 51 45.
40) 0) text: ALEXANDRA (ALEX) GREEN (30s) is entering the train car st at the platform of Union Station. She takes off her coat she finds a seat by the aisle. There is an AIPAC NAME TAG still hanging around her neck under her coat. Once she sits down, we notice Norman entering the car . H sees her name tag and smiles at her, sitting across the a from her.
40) 1) dialog: Norman Oppenheimer. Nice to meet you. (reading off her name tag) Alex Green.
40) 3) dialog: What brings you to AIPAL?
40) 5) dialog: Which one? Which organization?
40) 7) dialog: Really? You're Israeli? You don’t sound Israeli.
40) 9) dialog: Where is your family from?
40) 11) dialog: Where are you from? Where were you born? How did you end up here?
40) 15) dialog: Really? Geneva! Then you must know a close friend of mine... Leo Reiss. Alex shakes her head, no, she does not know him.
40) 16) dialog: No? Very famous family, a big supporter of the Israel museum. His wife Sophia... No? Alex shakes her head. Norman senses her coldness, so he l go. As passengers continue to enter the train, walking throug the isle between them-- NORMAN (CONT’D) Wait... Green... Any connection to Julian Green? From Basel... Alex shakes her head again. The last PASSENGER has entered the car. He stops ri ht between them and indicates to Alex that he would e the seat next to her. Alex gets up to allow him to get in.
40) 17) dialog: (moving over in his seat) You are welcome to sit here... If you're busy, I won’t bother you. Don’t worry... Alex looks up at the seat situation in the car. The last travelers are finding their seats, filling up most of the car. She doesn’t really have a civil way to refuse, so sh collects her stuff and sits next to Norman.
40) 19) dialog: What do you do in the consulate?
40) 21) dialog: I've had dinner with your boss a few times. Yuval. The consul general. Interesting fellow... You can send him my regards. Alex nods her head with a blank smile. (CONTINUED)
40) 25) dialog: _ (smilin . 4 This isn’t the quiet car, is it?
42) 0) text: Back to Norman and Alex. The train is in motion. The ligh have been dimmed.
42) 1) dialog: So can I ask you, what kind of stuff do you deal with?
42) 3) dialog: I can imagine. Like what kind of things? Commerce agreements?
42) 9) dialog: So if an Israeli criminal flees to America, you're in charge of bringing him back?
42) 11) dialog: Or if an American criminal tries to hide out in Israel...
42) 13) dialog: Wow. So do you have any interesting stories for me? Like with all those Russian oligarchs who are wanted all_over the world and ask for asylum in Israel. Tell me how that works from the inside... Alex shakes her head. Her lips are sealed.
42) 15) dialog: Do you know Carol Raskin? If I’m not mistaken, she wrote some of these international treaties. She’s a good friend of mine. Do you know Carol?
42) 17) dialog: I'd be happy to introduce you...
42) 19) dialog: Family? Kids? (CONTINUED)
42) 23) dialog: Do you have a family? Kids?
42) 25) dialog: You’re a lesbian?? Alex laughs. Finally.
42) 27) dialog: Good for you. That’s terrific.
42) 29) dialog: I like it when people know what they want. It’s a good thing. To be focused. You know, I have a close friend, a fascinating man named rabbi, professor Nathaniel Lewis, he teaches at JTS. He has a daughter who started a_ Jewish lesbian organization. Abigail Lewis. Do you know her? Alex shakes her head. NORMAN (CONT’D) You should meet her. You’1l love her. I can get you two together...
42) 31) dialog: What do you mean?
42) 36) dialog: I’m sorry - I didn’t mean to offend you. zr just thought it made sense. And maybe it is good for Abigail too, to meet someone at the Israeli consulate. But maybe I’m wrong... He turns away to face the window.
42) 39) dialog: So what do you need?
42) 41) dialog: Yeah. I’m sitting next to you on the train, we were both at the convention together, how can I help you? I'm offering my assistance. I’m a good person to know. Take advantage of that. What do you need? I’1l help you get it. Alex sincerely thinks this over for a moment, but comes u with --
42) 43) dialog: Impossible. Everybody needs something. Even tough lesbian lawyers.
42) 45) dialog: Try me.
42) 50) dialog: (scratching his ear) That’s a big one. They both smile.
42) 51) dialog: Your parents - they’re proud of you?
42) 53) dialog: They should be. Alex sees that Norman means it and accepts his complement
42) 55) dialog: A daughter just finished graduate school. Her mother died when she was three.
42) 57) dialog: I did my best, yes.
42) 59) dialog: You_know what_they say - small children, small problems...
42) 61) dialog: Yes. I do. Micah is a close friend.
42) 63) dialog: I bought him a pair of shoes.
42) 67) dialog: (in a sweet folkie melody) You never know... You never know...
42) 68) text: You never know. Miraculously, Alex is now completely captivated by Norman
42) 70) dialog: You never know. A pair of shoes. The most expensive shoes in all of New York, but the best investment I made in my life. Norman pauses. From here on the scene is shot in extreme close-ups, accentuating every tiny, careful, move they ma like bomb disposal experts picking a path through a minefield.
42) 72) dialog: I’m a businessman.
42) 74) dialog: Consulting. Mostly.
42) 76) dialog: Firm? No. It is basically only me these days.
42) 78) dialog: Businesses. Organizations. Individuals. It varies. Sometimes I consult other consultants. Norman smiles. So does Alex.
43) 0) text: A wide shot of our train zooming by in the night, en rout Manhattan. OVER VARIOUS IMAGES OF THE TRAIN IN MOVEMENT: Norman’s an Alex's faces are SUPERIMPOSED.
43) 2) text: We don’t hear their dialogue, but we SEE a heightened ver of their conversation. --Norman is explaining something to Alex. At first subtly with a modesty in his facial expressions, then with more more enthusiasm. --Alex is nodding her head, smiling, raising her eyebrows with surprise. --Norman drawing a diagram on a piece of paper with NAMES NUMBERS and ARROWS connecting the different names, as he in the first scene with Philip. For this part, Alex has p on her READING GLASSES.
45) 0) text: Norman and Alex exit the train onto the platform. We sens the three hour ride has created a bond between them. Norman takes a BUSINESS CARD out of his wallet and hands to Alex. It is his last.
45) 1) dialog: I know you don’t need anything, and I’m not offering anything, I definitely won’t introduce you to anyone. But, take this card, please... take it. You never know. You never know... Alex accepts Norman’s business card.
45) 3) dialog: That’s it?? Come here. (CONTINUED)
45) 6) dialog: Take care, Alex. Good luck. She smiles and takes off toward one of the escalators. As she disappears up the escalator, she waves his busines card, indicating that she will be in touch. Norman, alone on the platform, waves back to her, satisfi CUT TO ALEX'S FACE: Once out of Norman’s sight, her smile disappears. She places Norman’s card in her purse and tak deep, troubled breath.
46) 1) text: Alex is sitting by a table alone in the only shop that is open at this hour. She is looking at her YELLOW LEGAL PAD which Norman scribbled the messy diagram with names and arrows, specifying next to each name what he or she “NEED or “CAN GIVE”. Alex is copying down the names to a new sheet of paper. Then she looks up. From her POV we see:
47) 1) text: On the other side of the station, entering the closed-off waiting area, Norman is wandering through the empty seats finally sitting down. He takes off his shoes. He pulls ou his pocket a box of MIKE AND IKES, chewing on them 3 at a time. Alex is watching him from a distance. She picks up his business card and decides to dial his number. We see Norman look at his phone and answer the call.
47) 2) dialog: Hello...
47) 4) dialog: Alex! I’m so glad you called. I’m just getting into a cab. Should I pick you up? Where are you?
47) 8) dialog: On the street?
47) 11) dialog: Yes, of course. Everything is perfect. Couldn’t be better. This whole evening... it’s like I’m floating on a cloud. What about you - are you okay? Why did you call? Alex looks down at the diagram on her pad. Then--
48) 1) dialog: (out-of-breath, trying to whisper Philip, I’m in a meeting, can I call you back in about twenty minutes? --Yes. I’1l call you. Bye - weeny ening | is perfect. -- No. Not ye I need to find the right moment. Trust me, okay? -- Please don’t say that. I asked you to trust me. Give me a few more minutes. Bye. --Yes. Bye. Thank you...
49) 1) text: Norman gradually ascends, step after heavy step, revealin himself to us. (CONTINUED)
49) 4) text: Hanna is by her desk in the prime minister’s office in Jerusalem. Her phone is RINGING, but she is letting it ri There is a TREMENDOUS BOUQUET OF ROSES on her desk. Hanna looks tired and upset, holding her head, looking do at_a CARD. We close in on the card. It reads: I’M SO SORR PLEASE, PLEASE FORGIVE ME. NORMAN OPPENHEIMER.
50) 1) text: With dilated nostrils, Norman inhales and exhales twice before he gives up and hangs up. Norman closes his eyes, as if to restart his mood. When he opens his eyes, he has resolved himself for whate lies ahead. He exits the frame.
51) 2) dialog: Sorry I’m late. Norman walks in and sees that the table is scattered with little paper plates with different NUTS- almonds, walnuts pistachios and peanuts. NORMAN (CONT’D) (moving a plate of nuts) But that’s no reason to kill me. Can you get rid of the nuts please? 65 66 61.
52) 0) text: The nuts are gone. While we focus on Norman’s face, his breathing, his eyes moving around the room as he sits by this table, we hear Rabbi Blumenthal -
52) 4) dialog: You will have my best effort, yes.
52) 7) dialog: Is Jo still there? Can he hear me? (CONTINUED)
52) 11) dialog: (disappointed he has to deal with Bill) I’m all yours. Go ahead...
52) 13) dialog: The state department?
52) 16) dialog: Hanna, please, Just give me a minute with him on the phone. One minute. Less than a minute. This is something he wants to hear... Hanna looks at Duby who is shaking his head decisively - Absolutely not.
52) 21) dialog: Then can I speak with Duby? Put Duby on the phone? (whisperin It has to do with a special request the prime minister asked me to look in to. Hanna looks at Duby - Duby is shaking his head - no!
52) 23) dialog: I understand. Of course. Alright. Please let the prime minister know that I have an answer for him and if he has a free moment, at any hour, day or night, it would be great if we can have a very, very short phone conversation about a certain individual on the board of the dean's advisers at Harvard business school.
52) 26) dialog: -- I’11 tell the prime minister ali about him when we speak. Duby smiles, shaking his head. He knows how Norman functi
52) 28) dialog: No — thank you, Hanna! Go back to doing your important work. I’m sorry for interrupting... You’re doing a great job and I know the prime minister appreciates it... Just don’t forget me Hanna, okay? (CONTINUED)
54) 0) text: Norman is by the cashier, paying for a package of ENVELOP and a CARTRIDGE OF BLACK PRINTER INK. He is paying with a crumpled single dollar bills and a handful of quarters, d and nickels. Right before he checks out, he places a box MIKE AND IKES on the counter as well.
55) 2) text: Norman is dialing a new number. R. Blumenthal has a YOUNG COUPLE sitting in his office. H apologizes to them for having to take the call.
55) 3) dialog: Rabbi! It’s Norman. (CONTINUED)
55) 7) dialog: I'm answering now. Do you want to hear what I have to say?
55) 9) dialog: I don’t have a final answer yet, but it looks good. I’1l be at the board meeting with all the details but let’s just say - get ready for a surprise.
55) 11) dialog: (hailing a taxi) If I tell you, where’s the surprise? It’s a considerable surprise. Believe me. I gotta go, Rabbi. I’1l see you tomorrow... Blumenthal’s study apparently also serves as a CLEANING SUPPLIES storage place. The Rabbi picks up a WINDOW CLEAN SPRAY because he needs to wrap his fist round something.
55) 13) dialog: I have a call with Eshel this evening, but I brought it up with his main man, Duby. I think it will be okay. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
55) 16) dialog: He was very practical about it, said he would take care of it, he just needs the exact information. Can_you send me an e-mail with your colleague's name? Jo Wilf shakes his head toward Bill Kavish.
56) 0) text: We enter during a musical interlude. A VERDI ARIA is bein performed on stage. On Hanna, off stage, surrounded by security guards: her c phone is blinking. Her screen reads - “Norman”. She shows to Duby. Duby smiles, signals with his fist that she need be firm.
57) 0) text: Norman hangs up. He rubs his eyes. Shit! (He either says thinks to himself) as he empties the box of MIKE AND IKEs into his palm. He dials a new number. INT./EXT. PHILIP COHEN’S OFFICE - SHARED WITH - EXT. FIFT
57) 6) dialog: Hold on a second. I can’t hear a word you are saying... Norman sees the entrance to Bergdorf Goodman across the street. He crosses over. INT. /EXT. BERGDORF GOODMAN - SHARED WITH - INT. PHILIP’S
57) 8) dialog: (trying to keep his voice down, If it were that easy would I be asking you for neh He doesn’t have the grades, P ilip. He won’t get in without serious pressure and your personal intervention. Philip takes a deep breath. He doesn’t like this. Norman has arrived at the 2nd floor. Women’s shoes. It is beautiful and colorful and glamorous, buzzing with assertive women shopping for shoes. Norman finds a relatively quiet spot. Philip and Norman, each in their separate surroundings, a scratching their heads nervously. NORMAN (CONT’ D) Philip, it’s just a call.
57) 10) dialog: You are doing this because he is the prime minster of Israel and he is asking you for a favor. (CONTINUED)
57) 15) dialog: What are you talking about - credit? What does this have to do with credit?
57) 17) dialog: We are sharing the credit, Philip. He knows you are my contact.
57) 19) dialog: He will. I’1l make sure of it.
57) 21) dialog: Why are you giving me a hard time? you want Rabbi Blumenthal to per orm this wedding or not? All you have to do is pick up the phone and talk to one of your buddies at Harvard on behalf of the prime minister of Israel. Is that really so difficult for you? SILENCE. We sense it is extremely difficult for Philip...
57) 23) dialog: Thank you.
57) 25) dialog: That’s funny, because Rabbi Blumenthal 1s going to think the exact same thing when he finds out I’m asking him to Marry a Cohen and a convert, who hasn’t even officially converted. (CONTINUED)
58) 2) text: Hanna’s phone is blinking. It is Norman. Hanna takes a de breath then focuses her attention on Eshel and a Chinese official as they applaud the end of an ISRAELI FOLK DANCE NUMBER performed by a CHILDREN'S DANCE GROUP.
59) 0) text: Norman hangs up and puts his phone down. He looks around. Where is he?? Somehow he wandered deeper this designer maze, into the area between the FENDI collection and the TOM FORD collection without realizing. he has a WOMAN’S SHOE in his hand! TWO SALESWOMEN, dressed in gothic gowns, are staring at h Norman carefully places_the shoe back on one of the displ smiling at the Scary saleswomen as he dials a new number.
59) 3) dialog: Something big is going on, I can’t be more Specific, but if you saw the papers t this morning, you'll know what I’m talking about. Bill looks at Jo who looks at the rest of his team. Nobod has any idea what Norman is talking about. One of the ASSISTANTS is even going through today’s Times looking for clues, but can’t seem fo find anything of spe interest.
59) 5) dialog: Here, let me read to you the last message I received from Hanna.
59) 7) dialog: Hanna is Duby’s assistant. (CONTINUED)
59) 11) dialog: That is what I’m trying to explain to you. Eshel and Duby are sitting with the national security committee as we speak. There is no way for me to get through to them right now, but Hanna, o is on the other side of that closed door Salad... Jo is losing his patience, he picks up the phone.
59) 13) dialog: But Joy this is time sensitive. If I can’t tell Rabbi Blumenthal that you are putting up the money, Someone else is going to buy the building. He needs an answer...
59) 14) dialog: screaming) Jo.-- Jo.-— Jo.-- Jo.-- They Rabbi Blumenthal is not my are about to launch a war in fucking problem! There’s a Syria that might escalate billion dollars on the line into world war three, what do here! Fix this, Norman, or you want me to do about it? this is the last time you are He has a country to run. He speaking to anyone in this busy! building. I don’t care who started world war three... Think about that...
59) 23) dialog: Why?... Why?... Why is it so hard to pick pp the goddamn hone... This is the prime minister’s office, isn’t there someone whose job it is to answer the phone??? Hanna is sitting on her steps, in one hand a CHINESE KETT in the other - her phone.
60) 0) text: Norman is asleep on a reclining chair by the dressing roo His coat and hat are on his lap. His phone is plugged into an outlet on the wall. They are both recharging. SHOPPING TOURISTS walking by look down at Norman, as if h were one of the (less) meticulously designed mannequins i the store. Norman's phone RINGS! It wakes Norman. He takes into one the SMALL DRESSING ROOMS. - SHARED WITH - INT. PHILIP’S OFFICE: 81
60) 5) dialog: Thank you, Philip. You'll have your Rabbi tomorrow.
60) 7) dialog: By tomorrow evening he’1l be expecting your call.
60) 9) dialog: It’s delicate. Trust me. There is a process here. Five PM I'll call you. Okay? They both hang up. Norman dials Hanna again. INT. HANNA’S BEDROOM - EARLY MORNING - ISRAEL 82 Hanna has just_woken up (she is seven hours ahead). She t the phone and locks herself in her bathroom, pushing her THREE YEAR-OLD DAUGHTER out the door - Once alone, she composes herself and answers:
60) 11) dialog: (whispering) Did you sleep okay? Family sleep okay? Everybody happy over there, Hanna?
60) 13) dialog: Yeah, it is nice to be right there in the inner circle with the prime minister. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
60) 16) dialog: To be the person whispering in his ear, deciding who gets to speak with him and who doesn’t. It feels ood, doesn’t it? Comfy. Everybody issing your ass... But you remember that it has nothing to do with you, right? You are the smallest cog in the system. In case you forgot, Hanna. The smallest mistake and you_are gone, It can all disappear. You can disappear. You are nothing Hanna. Just like me... Hanna is listening in silence, as her daughter is banging her door, crying...
61) 0) text: Norman hangs up. He looks down at his phone. We see hi screen. He scrolls down his contact list, stopping at: © PRIVATE CELL” Norman deliberates for a brief moment, then, impulsively, presses CALL. He holds his breath while he waits. INT. MICHA ESHEL’S CLOSET - NIGHT - ISRAEL - SAME TIME 84 We are in a walk-in closet in Micha Eshel’s private residence. In a BOX with other unused items from before he was elect we see an outdated cellphone vibrate and come to life. We see the screen: “NORMAN” Our view moves back to reveal Naomi, Eshel’s wife, sleepi alone in her bed.
62) 0) text: Norman, looking out one of the windows gverjooking Centra Park at dusk, is holding his phone carelessly in his hand it continues buzzing in Eshel’s closet. We close in on Norman’s face. He is exhausted, consumed b frustration. It leads us back to--
63) 5) dialog: I might have a donor who will match your pledges up to seven million. In other words, ou raise half the amount, the bail Ours, I mean. ding is yours.
63) 7) dialog: Can’t say. He will remain anonymous.
64) 0) text: Norman is sitting alone on one of the benches, He has his swollen leg up, resting on the seat next to him. He is looking at the MEMORIAL PLAQUE - hundreds of names engraved in bronze sheets on the wall. Cutting to a new angle, we realize we are seeing Norman f the POV of Rabbi Blumenthal who is standing by the door. Feeling his presence, Norman puts his leg down. They exch a smile.
64) 3) dialog: He was very clear about staying anonymous.
64) 5) dialog: He can afford it. He knows me. I told him about the community and the history of the building, and he said sure, why not. It is money he gives away anyway... If not to us, then to some other charity. The rabbi accepts that answer, although we sense there is trace of skepticism still there.
64) 10) dialog: Now that you mention it, the person who introduced me to Mr! Anonymous is my nephew, a very successful young lawyer, maybe I mentioned him to you - Philip Cohen. He just got engaged to a very sweet girl...
64) 12) dialog: ..-from a Korean background. He could use some help with her conversion and officiating the wedding. R. Blumenthal is nodding his head, understanding that he cornered.
64) 14) dialog: If it was simple, he wouldn’t need your help... (CONTINUED)
64) 18) dialog: Thank you, Rabbi. R. Blumenthal places his hat on his head, takes a moment himself, then he exits the building. Once alone in the Sanctuary, after he hears the main door shut, Norman lifts his swollen leg back up. e pulls at the cuff of his pants enough to reveal the BLEEDING HIVES on his calf and around the swollen ankle - But Norman doesn't want to look at it so he immediately covers it back up. He takes out his phone We see his screen: He goes to CONTACTS. He scrolls through the names on his screen - hundreds of names zoom by. They mesh with: The MEMORIAL PLAQUES on the wall - the na fill the frame - Zoltans and Sigmunds and Isadoras and Miklos, Weinbergers, Mandelbaums, Rolats and Lefkowitzs - dissolving into each other, creating a blurry collage of contacts on Norman’s phone and the dead sounding Jewish n on the wall. We hear Norman on the phone: NORMAN (V.O.) (CONT’D) Philip. It’s your uncle Norman. You’re all set. Call Rabbi Blumenthal. He’s expecting your call. FADE TO BLACK. INT. ESHEL’S OFFICIAL RESIDENCE - NIGHT - ISRAEL 88 Duby and Eshel are standing outside a door leading into a official reception area. There are 2 SECRET SERVICE MEN standing near them, but Du and Eshel are speaking as if they were alone.
66) 0) text: The Starbucks is extremely crowded. Norman is by the wind bar with his PAPER. To his left and right, people and their elaborate coffees muffins are pushing against him, while he reads: (CONTINUED)
67) 0) text: Norman looks down at his phone scrolling down his contact stroking his face, scratching his ear. He dials - PHILIP COHEN.
68) 1) text: Philip is getting out of an elevator, waving good morning his co-workers as he makes his way to his office and spea to Norman.
68) 3) dialog: If I did, is there any way we can help Eshel?
68) 5) dialog: But what do you think? Does it sound serious? Philip enters a room full of people waiting for him.
69) 0) text: So does Norman. He is confused. Outside, we still see the Shtetl man. Norman is contemplating something. He looks at the contac list on his phone. 100 86. INT. CAROL RASKIN’S OFFICE - DAY 100 We are in the United States Attorney's office in lower Manhattan. There are 5 LAWYERS in this room, one of them, the person charge, is CAROL RASKIN, who is speaking directly to-- Alex Green, sitting across her desk. Carol is holding a copy of the New York Times in her hand she disciplines Alex.
70) 0) text: Norman is exiting the Starbucks with his paper under his and his coffee in his hand. But then he stops in his steps. He thinks for a moment. H has an idea... INT. CAROL RASKIN’S OFFICE - DAY 102
71) 0) text: Norman is now in the restroom, anxiously waiting for Alex pick up. He has balanced his coffee on the rim of the sin
71) 5) dialog: Alex Green!! This is Norman from the train. Norman Oppenheimer - I’ve been meaning to call... How are you? How have you been?
71) 7) dialog: Fine, Fine. Can’t complain. I just got in from Chicago actually... (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
71) 10) dialog: Listen, do you have a minute? You probably know why I’m calling.
71) 12) dialog: Don’t worry. I know how discrete ou are, so if I'm imposing, feel ree to tell me it’s none of my business. I’m not going to ask you for the guy’s name, either... Unless you can tell me. Can you’ Alex looks at Carol for guidance. She seems just as cluel NORMAN (CONT’D Forget it. Forget it. I didn't ask. I respect your professionalism. But gest tell me one thing... You’re he one dealing with this investigation, right? This is your department, isn’t it?
71) 14) dialog: Yes... I’m sorry. Please continue...
71) 15) dialog: I'll tell you why I’m calling. I hope it’s okay. I know this is delicate but I feel it is my duty. I think I can help you out. A pause for quizzical looks between Alex and Carol. Norman, who is hyper, inadvertently knocks his coffee ove It is on his pants, the floor, everywhere. There is an INDUSTRIAL MOP in the room. Norman tries to detach the mop from the BUCKET AND WRINGER as he speaks, it is stuck--
71) 16) dialog: It is no secret that I’m on Eshel’s team. I support him. I love him. I think he is doing amazing things... but I was just thinking - whoever this person is, this unnamed businessman, I probably know him. Right? Maybe I can shed some light on whatever it is that happened and help you make sense of it. Another point of view for you to consider, that’s all I’m offering here. If it helps Eshel too, it is the least I can do... (CONTINUED)
71) 20) dialog: Perfect. As he grabs a bunch of paper towels out of the dispenser.
72) 0) text: Norman, wet and disheveled, with his wet newspaper still under his arm, casually exits the restroom, ong his’ over puddle that has formed around the door, noddin is head apologetically to the 3 ANNOYED CUSTOMERS waiting outside We catch a glimpse of SHTETL MAN, now standing on line fo coffee. But Norman is too preoccupied to notice him. Norman is on his phone as he exits the Starbucks. INT. PHILIP’S OFFICE - DAY 108
73) 0) text: Norman walks down the avenue.
73) 1) dialog: Yes you can. Meet me downstairs. I’m right around the corner from you. (CONTINUED)
73) 5) dialog: Better. I’m meeting the investigator who is in charge of the whole thing. Come downstairs. Give me five minutes.
73) 7) text: EXT. ENTRANCE TO PHILIP’S OFFICE BUILDING - DAY 110 Madison Ave. - busy, crowded mid-town sidewalks, and Norm waiting anxiously by the entrance to Philip’s office building. Norman sees Philip rushing out.
73) 8) dialog: Thanks for coming down...
73) 10) dialog: It is bad for everybody, that’s why I want to help...
73) 12) dialog: Just tell me one thing. Hypothetically, if this guy, this businessman, came to you for advice. If he wanted you to represent him. What would you tell im? (CONTINUED)
73) 16) dialog: Maybe if we give him an gption that isn’t so harmful to Eshel. Philip looks at Norman, trying to figure out what his rea interest here is. Norman is looking back at him, waiting an answer.
73) 18) dialog: What if you knew him and he was asking you for help? Philip takes this in. Suddenly it dawns on him - Norman m be the unnamed businessman. He carefully considers his ne words.
73) 21) dialog: I’m only asking if there is a legal way to defuse this? (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
73) 24) dialog: If I’m meeting the investigator, and I find out who this man is, I want to be able to offer him something. Let’s think creatively. Philip can’t conceal his panic. He takes a step back.
76) 0) text: Norman is walking and talking on his phone. Hyper and excited.
76) 1) dialog: Forget me. How are you??
76) 3) dialog: Any chance you can connect me to the prime minister or to Duby?
76) 5) dialog: Wait, before you say no. Listen to what I have to sa they’ re going to want to hear t is. m meeting with the woman who is in charge of this investigation that is going on. Her name is Alex Green. She’s a good friend of mine and she agreed to meet me today at four. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
76) 8) dialog: I’m going to try and get as much information as I can, but if Duby wants to brief me before this meeting, that might make the meeting more productive... Hanna doesn’t know what to say.
76) 10) dialog: Will you give them this message? Tell them I’m meeting with Alex Green today. They can use me however they want. I’m like a puppet in their hands. It’s a riendly conversation, off the record... She’s a good friend. I've known her for years. My wife used to babysit her...
76) 13) dialog: (to his phone) Duby! I’m so happy to hear your voice. How are you? What’s going on? Can you tell me who...
77) 2) dialog: What?
77) 8) dialog: Yes. I understand.
80) 0) text: Norman is going down the escalator towards the Subway in Grand Central Station. He is on his phone-- (CONTINUED)
80) 3) dialog: He did? --You know who he is, the businessman?? --...I can’t tell you how relieved I am to hear you say this. Thank you, Hanna. Please tell Duby that I understand his situation completely. And if there is anything he needs me to do, he knows I’m here for him and for the rime minister. -- That’s what I ike to_ hear. The prime minister is a very lucky man to have you on his side, Hanna. You know that, right? Really, this kind of loyalty is so rare. It’s sacred. I hope you know that... --Of course. Say no more. My lips are sealed. Good luck, Hanna. By now Norman has stepped off the escalator and pulled ou his METRO CARD. But instead of going through the turnstil he stops in his steps. Invigorated with a new sense of purpose, Norman changes h mind about taking the subway. He turns back to get on the escalator going back up to Street level. As he heads up, he sees the Shtetl man on the downward escalator. THEIR EYES MEET as they pass each other. The Shtetl man immediately turns around and heads up agai the direction of the escalator, so not to lose Norman. At this point Norman understands that he is being followe He quickly cuts through the crowd towards the exit.
81) 0) text: Norman exits Grand Central into the busy street, startled We see Norman’s POV - New Yorkers of all ages, color, cla and ethnicity - but no shtetl man. Then he sees him exit the station, casually walking away. Norman runs after him.
81) 1) dialog: Hay. You. Hold on a second.
81) 3) dialog: Yes. You. Why are you following me? What do you want? (CONTINUED)
81) 7) dialog: No. Excuse me. Don’t give me that. I don’t want it. Stop following me around. Okay?
81) 10) dialog: How do you know Zvi?
81) 13) dialog: What do I need??
81) 18) dialog: To the Israeli consulate on Second Ave. Srul puts his arm in Norman's and begins to walk with him Norman is too surprised by this strange gesture to resist They walk together.
82) 0) text: Norman and Srul turn the corner together.
82) 2) dialog: If I knew, would I tell you?
82) 4) dialog: Don’t believe what you hear.
82) 6) dialog: Don’t bury Eshel yet. Trust me. He’s not going anywhere.
82) 8) dialog: I can’t go into details, but let’s just say this unnamed | businessman is... He’s a nobody , a parasite, trying to extort the prime minister. He is the ewest of the low... He made up a story. The whole thing is made up. Eshel doesn’t even know the man. Norman stops. He is suddenly having a hard time stabilizi his breathing. Srul notices Norman’s stress and waits patiently for Norman to recompose. (CONTINUED)
83) 2) dialog: I think I’m okay from here on. Thank you. I appreciate it. SRUL KATZ oo, You sure? I’m happy to go in with you.
83) 3) dialog: No. That’s okay.
83) 5) dialog: No. Thank you. I’m good from here. Really, thank you very much. I appreciate it. Srul pulls out his business cards and hands one to Norman Norman looks at it. It reads: “KATZ STRATEGIES, INC.”
84) 0) text: All we see is the back of Norman’s head and his somewhat distorted reflection in the ONE WAY MIRROR that separates from the security guard behind the window.
84) 1) dialog: (to the intercom) My name is Norman Oppenheimer. I have an appointment with Alex Green. (CONTINUED)
84) 5) dialog: I do.
84) 7) dialog: Will you give it back to me?
85) 0) text: This is a two door system. The second door won’t open unt the first door is closed. But Norman is afraid to have bo doors closed at the same time, so he keeps his foot in th first door. The walls of this small, isolated security booth are all dark, one-way mirrors.
85) 5) dialog: (to the one-way mirror) You know what, I forgot something. I’m canceling’ my meeting. Can I have my phone back? No response. NORMAN (CONT’D) (knocking on the window) Hello? Anybody there? I’m not going in. Can I have my stuff back? Hello... Hello... please, open the door! Open the door! A LOUD BUZZER IS HEARD. The second door unlocks. Norman opens the second door and goes through. The door shuts on lens, creating a BLACK SCREEN. We hear over black:
86) 0) text: It is the end of the work day, Manhattan at its most crow hour. Everything is a blur, except for Norman, walking the stre lost in a daze, with his phone in one hand, and an ENVELO in the other. We close in on Norman’s face. His eyes are BLOODSHOT AND SWOLLEN.
87) 0) text: We_see the yellow line on the floor, as Norman’s feet are walking down the corridor. At the end of the yellow line, we see Alex waiting at the end of this naked, fluorescent lit corridor.
88) 0) text: On Norman’s face. He stops walking. He can hardly breathe Rushed New Yorkers walking around him pay no attention to him. Then a shot of:
89) 0) text: We flash back to the scene on the train from Washington t New York. Alex and Norman are reflected in the train wind Their faces are lit by a passing dight from outside the moving train creating a strobing effect. (CONTINUED)
89) 4) dialog: Have you ever played rummikub?
89) 6) dialog: My mother used to_hate playing with me, because I would mess up the board, break up existing sets and try to create new ones with whatever lousy pieces I had on my rack. Sometimes I'd mess it up so bad, there was no way to put everything back. My mother would go crazy. She’d say, if you don’t have a specific, simple move, just pick up a tile and let the game continue to_the next player. But usually, all I needed to finish my turn, is one little Joker. That’s all you need. If you have the Joker, you can afford to take some risks. Somehow, with a Joker in your hand, all the tiles fall into place.
89) 8) dialog: That’s what I do. I’m the Joker. As soon as you put me in the game, things work out. Here, let me show you. Norman refers to the yellow legal pad with the diagrams h had drawn for her. It takes us back to: INT. ALEX’S OFFICE - DAY 134 We see Alex’s LEGAL PAD on the table with the diagrams an names that Norman wrote down on that train ride. Our view tilts up from the diagram to Alex's face.
89) 10) dialog: No, I'm not.
90) 0) text: FLASH to Norman walking in the busy street. He closes his eyes and shakes his head, as if to block away what Alex i saying.
91) 0) text: Norman is looking around at the forest of human encounter frozen in time. At once, everyone in the room TURNS TO LO DIRECTLY A HIM. We see Norman, in a panic, clutch his EPIPEN. INT. ALEX’S OFFICE - DAY C135
91) 2) dialog: I have to leave now. I’m sorry.
91) 5) dialog: Do they know it is me?
91) 7) dialog: Duby, Hanna... Eshel. Do they know it 1s me?
91) 9) dialog: What will they do to me? (CONTINUED)
91) 14) dialog: But what will Eshel do to me?
92) 0) text: Norman is standing on the median of Park Ave. in Midtown, looking down at the ENVELOPE. He is frozen stiff in the middle of one of the busiest spots in the world.
93) 3) text: Cartoons, caricatures - of Norman in relation to the prim minister, under the sound of Duby’s voice.
94) 0) text: Norman is standing on the median of Park Ave., waiting fo the LIGHT to change. He takes a deep breath. He_ sees A MAN ON A BIKE in the middle of the street, balancing himself on his bike with both feet on the pedal he waits for the light to change. The biker is in his 40s, wearing a business suit, tie and helmet on his head. He is determined to stay on his bike the duration of the light without putting his feet down. Norman’s PHONE RINGS. He looks at the screen. It is PHILI COHEN. INT. PHILIP’S OFFICE - NIGHT 140 Philip is on the phone. They are silent for a moment. Finally.
94) 1) dialog: I took your advice. I didn’t g° to the meeting. I’m stepping bac like you said. (CONTINUED)
94) 6) dialog: I’m here.
94) 8) dialog: I’m fine. I think my body is reacting to something I ate. I'll take a Benadryl. I’1l be fine...
94) 10) dialog: (cutting him off) I’m a good swimmer, Philip. Don’t worry. As long as my head is above water...
94) 12) dialog: You have been a very big help, Philip. Thank you. I appreciate it. Thank you. Philip is silent. He can hardly breathe. His face is red. Norman hangs up. Finally the LIGHT CHANGES and the biker pedals forward wi the rest of the traffic. Norman hails a cab. EXT. RABBI BLUMENTHAL’S SYNAGOGUE - NIGHT 141 Norman exits the cab in front of the synagogue. He tries to open the door to the synagogue but it is lock (CONTINUED)
95) 0) text: Norman walks around the building into the narrow alley wh there is a decorative window into the main sanctuary. Norman climbs on a garbage can and peeks through. The sight of the dimly lit empty sanctuary is comforting Norman, so he just stands there with his face pressed aga the window. Then: MAN’S VOICE Can I help you? Norman turns around. It is Rabbi Blumenthal.
95) 1) dialog: Rabbi!
95) 3) dialog: I need to talk to you.
95) 5) dialog: I’m working on it.
95) 10) dialog: I thought I had someone. And I might still have him. But it is not a sure thing... They look at each other. When Norman finally tells the tr there is something disarming about his demeanor.
95) 12) dialog: I don’t know. The rabbi shakes his head in despair and walks away. Norman sits himself up and leans against the wall, removi pieces of PICKLED HERRING from his coat and face. Then-- HIS PHONE RINGS! Norman locates his phone and looks at his screen: ESHEL
95) 17) dialog: Is it safe for us to talk?
95) 24) dialog: I will never betray you.
96) 0) text: Norman gets up and cleans himself from the garbage that i still stuck to his clothing. laces the garbage cans back where they belong, before he walks away. FADE OUT.
97) 0) text: A dramatic view of dense Manhattan rooftops before dawn. The streets are still empty. Norman crosses a deserted and freezing street into Centra Park.
98) 0) text: As in the first sequence of the film, this is the hour of fanatics. Norman is sitting on the same bench, watching them pass b their futuristic winter sportswear. He sees Bill Kavish finishing his run and finding a spot his stretches. Bill sees Norman. Norman approaches.
98) 1) dialog: Good morning, Bill.
98) 3) dialog: Who says simple is good? Bill looks at Norman. Strangely, Norman’s answer is actua quite - simple. NORMAN (CONT’D) I have a business opportunity that will interest Jo.
98) 7) dialog: But it’s your job to listen to me anyway, isn’t it?
98) 12) dialog: If you knew with one hundred percent certainty that the witness who is threatening to topple down. prime minister Eshel will never testify, would you know how to make money with that information? Bill is intrigued.
98) 14) dialog: Put me in a room with Jo Wilf. I'll give him the certainty he needs. Bill is hesitating. NORMAN (CONT’D) Think about it. Do the numbers. Come up with something. You have till eight AM to call me. Otherwise, I take it to Arthur Taub.
98) 18) dialog: If this works out, I want Jo Wilf to donate seven million anonymously to a charity of my choice. Norman walks away.
99) 0) text: New York is waking UP. Commuters are exiting the subway stations, flooding the streets. Shops are opening. Street vendors are setting up for the Norman is strolling on the sidewalk, in a pace and world his own. For the first time in this film, he seems - tranquil. An innocent looking, perfectly standard NYC, (NUTS 4 NUTS NUT VENDOR enters Norman’s POV. It is a cold morning, the OWNER of the nut-stand, wrapped his puffy winter coat, engulfed in the roasting Smoke, acknowledges Norman who is looking down into the differen types of sugar coated nuts.
100) 0) text: We are outside the Brooklyn Diner on 57th St. Through one the windows we see Norman and Jo Wilf sitting across from each other in a booth. We can’t hear them, but we see that while Norman is explaining his idea, he is writing his usual diagrams on NAPKIN, names, numbers and a scheme of lines connecting t all. At a certain point, he hands the napkin to Jo. Jo lo at it. He seems impressed. They and shake hands.
101) 0) text: Norman points at the sugar coated, roasted peanuts. phe vendor scoops a bagful and hands Norman the warm pape ag.
102) 0) text: Norman is walking with the bag of nuts in his hand. Before he enters Bryant Park, he pulls his EPIPEN out of pocket. (CONTINUED)
103) 0) text: Norman enters the park. He is looking for the perfect spot to sit. We are close on his face, his eyes. Norman finds a lone chair in one of the corners of this beautiful urban miracle - the closest thing Manhattan has a town square. He is surrounded by massive office buildings, the monumen geandeur of the Public Library, anda horde of busy New orkers all around him, paying absolutely no attention to lonely man holding a bag of peanuts. Norman opens the bag, pulls out a nut, puts it in his mou FADE TO BLACK.
108) 0) text: Alex is watching this report. Connecting all the dots, al positive she understands Norman’s role in Wilf’s ability predict the future...
110) 0) text: With the cantor and choir still in the background. Norman is now alone in the park, on his chair. Across from him, on the other side of the park, there is ORGANIST accompanying the cantorial piece. Norman recognizes the man playing the organ - it is Srul Katz, totally immersed in his music. Norman gradually vanishes. BACK TO: RABBI BLUMENTHAL’S SYNAGOGUE 160 The camera leaves the cantor and closes in on the MEMORIA PLAQUES until it finally focuses on one specific, rather small plaque that reads: “ANONYMOUS”