29) 3) dialog: Norman Oppenheimer! If you came to hear my class, you’re a little late...
29) 5) dialog: You’re busy. That’s good. Someone has to make sure the world out there is still spinning... What’s new? Who’s winning? Who’s losing? Tell me something exciting.
29) 7) dialog: You were in Arthur Taub’s house?
29) 9) dialog: Say the name again...
29) 11) dialog: Good for you. He is a lucky man to have you on his side. (CONTINUED)
29) 15) dialog: Maybe bring him to us as a guest lecturer. If you say he’s good...
29) 17) dialog: Sounds like a plan, Norman. Rabbi Blumenthal looks at Norman. He doesn’t believe a wo e just heard, but going along with it is easier than Ben ronting Norman. RABBI BLUMENTHAL (CONT’D) I’m going to head home. You staying?
37) 19) dialog: (in confidence) When can we talk? Do you have time next week? We’re losing our building, that’s what’s oing on. See what you can o. I’1l see you at the board meeting. Yes? Get moving, Norman. Get moving. We're depending on you...
37) 32) dialog: Norman, introduce me to Ariel De La Pelgula. I saw you talking to him. Next time the Pope is in New York, there is no reason the only tabbi he meets is Alan Schweitzer!
37) 48) dialog: Without a building, without those four walls a floor and a ceiling, we’re like an old wine in a broken bottle. Something physical has to hold us together...
48) 0) text: We are looking down from the third floor of a creaky stairwell in Rabbi Blumenthal’s synagogue. WE HEAR HEAVY FOOTSTEPS CLIMBING UP THE STEPS. A PHONE RINGS.
51) 1) dialog: Look who showed up... Our savior has finally arrived.
52) 0) text: The nuts are gone. While we focus on Norman’s face, his breathing, his eyes moving around the room as he sits by this table, we hear Rabbi Blumenthal -
52) 1) dialog: The situation is very simple. The National Council has decided to sell the building. They are willing to try their best to keep our lease as part of whatever agreement they sign with the new owners, but as we all understand, they can’t guarantee anything. TO be practica we need to raise ap) roximately fourteen million dollars, to save us from the wrecking ball and insure our future ere... We see Rabbi Blumenthal’s lips move, but we no longer hea him. Instead we focus on Norman's agitated face. This takes us into the following FRENETIC, FAST MOVING sequence recapping the events that lead tO this board meeting. INT. JO WILF’S OFFICE - SHARED WITH - INT. STAPLES STORE
55) 6) dialog: Why don’t you answer your phone? I’ve been calling all morning.
55) 8) dialog: You spoke to him?? What did he say?
55) 10) dialog: What kind of surprise are we talking about? How many zeros does this surprise have? Can you tell me that at least?
63) 0) text: Back in the hall, Rabbi Blumenthal is still speaking. (CONTINUED)
63) 3) dialog: Or... we leave here and start looking for a new location, wandering from one temporary arrangement to another. Which in my humble opinion would mean the end of this community. There is a collective sigh and groan around the table.
63) 4) dialog: Yeah. But... let’s not despair - this is where our friend Norman Oppenheimer comes in. Norman... All eyes shift to Norman. Norman looks up, takes a sip from his plastic cup of oran juice, wipes his mouth with a napkin, and -
63) 18) dialog: Let’s not get greedy. This is a very generous gift... And it should motivate our entire community to become involved. (placing his hand on Norman’s shoulder) Thanks to Norman, we are only seven million dollars away from finally owning our home. We close in on Norman, with the rabbi’s hand weighing on shoulder.
63) 21) dialog: You can give us a letter, right? A formal letter. Norman_notices his blood-stained fingernails and immediat conceals them in his fist.
64) 0) text: Norman is sitting alone on one of the benches, He has his swollen leg up, resting on the seat next to him. He is looking at the MEMORIAL PLAQUE - hundreds of names engraved in bronze sheets on the wall. Cutting to a new angle, we realize we are seeing Norman f the POV of Rabbi Blumenthal who is standing by the door. Feeling his presence, Norman puts his leg down. They exch a smile.
64) 1) dialog: It’s worth saving... Whoever your guy is, he is doing a great thing. Thank you. Norman accepts the acknowledgment with a nod. Just as R. Blumenthal is about to leave --
64) 2) dialog: You sure you can’t tell me who it is? I probably should know. I'd like to thank him... Just between you and me. Is it Arthur Taub?
64) 4) dialog: Maybe just... Can you tell me why he is doing this? Norman thinks about this for a moment.
64) 6) dialog: And why does he insist on remaining anonymous? (CONTINUED)
64) 9) dialog: Well. It is a good thing. That’s all I can say. Please thank him, on behalf of all of us. Not that raising the other half is going to be easy... But the challenge - It’s good. It’s good. We should all open up our hearts... and wallets. Goad knows there are some big wailets in this community. (he pauses) If there is any way you think it would be appropriate to honer this mysterious : man, or woman, some kind dedication... Or if there is something you would like me to lO... Norman has been waiting for this opening from the beginni of the scene.
64) 11) dialog: Mazaltov.
64) 13) dialog: Philip Cohen?
64) 17) dialog: Have him give me a call. I’1l see what I can do. A transaction has been made.
95) 0) text: Norman walks around the building into the narrow alley wh there is a decorative window into the main sanctuary. Norman climbs on a garbage can and peeks through. The sight of the dimly lit empty sanctuary is comforting Norman, so he just stands there with his face pressed aga the window. Then: MAN’S VOICE Can I help you? Norman turns around. It is Rabbi Blumenthal.
95) 2) dialog: You! What are you doing here??
95) 4) dialog: You need to sign those escrow papers, that’s what you need. Do you realize we are going to lose all our pledges if this anonymous donor doesn’t come through, not to mention this building, and my job! Why aren’ t you answering my phone s?? Norman, still standing on the garbage can, says nothing. Rabbi Blumenthal understands what Norman’s silence means. k RABBI BLUMENTHAL (CONT’D) Fuck!
95) 6) dialog: Fuck!! He kicks the garbage can. Norman falls to the ground! Rabbi Blumenthal kicks one of the garbage bags right into Norman’s face. RABBI BLUMENTHAL (CONT’D) I should have known. I should have known not to trust you. I should have known. It’s my fault. What do I do now?? (CONTINUED)
95) 9) dialog: Was there a donor? At any point? Ever? Or did you just make him up?
95) 11) dialog: Then why did you tell us you had a donor? Why would you do that?
104) 0) text: Rabbi Blumenthal is officiating the marriage of Philip an dolled up KOREAN GIRL. Philip’s emotional parents are standing next to his new confused Korean in-laws as Rabbi a. Blumenthal places a GLASS buy Philip’s feet. Philip smash the glass.
110) 0) text: With the cantor and choir still in the background. Norman is now alone in the park, on his chair. Across from him, on the other side of the park, there is ORGANIST accompanying the cantorial piece. Norman recognizes the man playing the organ - it is Srul Katz, totally immersed in his music. Norman gradually vanishes. BACK TO: RABBI BLUMENTHAL’S SYNAGOGUE 160 The camera leaves the cantor and closes in on the MEMORIA PLAQUES until it finally focuses on one specific, rather small plaque that reads: “ANONYMOUS”