8) 3) dialog: (heavy Israeli accent) I told the American leadership, at a very high level, probably more than half a year ago. Go to the Russians. They hold the keys. They know the commanders of these units of chemical warfare on a first name basis. Some of them are married to Russian women. The most effective way to protect this potentially dangerous arsenal, is by getting into contact with the Russians. But it should be a real contact without a drop of arrogance. Understanding in advance that, okay, America lead in Iraq, Europe lead in Libya, now ask the Russians to lead and acce) the fact that they will have a cote in resolving this conflict.
74) 0) text: Eshel is in his seat on the parliament floor, listening t absorbing - a scathing speech delivered with much pathos RON MAOR. We focus on Eshel's face, on Duby’s face, on Hanna’s face they are forced to hear sentences like: RON MAOR. We‘ve seen politicians with no backbone gain power before - that is not new... We’ve seen political opportunists who grossly distort e@ will of the citizens who voted them into office, only to shamefully gain favor in the eyes of foreign rulers in service o interests that are not our own - that is not new either. But never in our nation’s history has a man of such low moral standing, so spiritually empty, so unapologetical y hedonistic, selfish I dare say - been ina position to do so much damage to our people and our nation, as the man I'm pointing to right now. (CONTINUED)
78) 1) text: With Ron Maor’s speech still in the background, we see Du hand a SMALL FOLDED NOTE to an USHER who brings it to Esh
78) 2) dialog: How will we explain this tragicy historical accident to our children and grandchildren? How, I ask you? By. preventing it. By voting against this dangerous agreement, masquerading as a peace treaty. Eshel receives the note. He opens it. It reads: “WHO IS HE?” Eshel looks over_at Duby, signaling with his hands and sincere eyes - “I have no idea”.
78) 3) dialog: Giving in to our enemy's /every, la last demand is not peace!! It’s calle