81) 8) dialog: Why are you angry? Don’t be angry. I’m not ollowing you around. By sheer coincidence I happen to be going where you are goin What do you want me to do? I apo ogize. I’m sorry... Norman looks at the man, evaluating him. He is unkempt, o the heavy side, with some stains on his shirt and an old, worn-out hat on his head. Norman nods his head in disbelief and is about to turn aw
81) 9) dialog: But if we’re alread taiking, If I can take a few minutes of your time, I’m glad to finally feet you in person. You’re the Eshel guy, right? Oppenheimer. Maybe Zvi Fink mentioned me to you.
81) 11) dialog: Zvi and I are very close. My wife ractically grew up in his parents ouse. I’m helping him out with a few things. Actually I’m seeing him later tonight. You should come say hello. I know he’d be very happy to see you. Norman seems confused. He just looks at Srul, not saying word.
81) 12) dialog: What’s wrong? You look shaken up. How can I help you? What do you need?
81) 14) dialog: Yeah. Give me the honor of helping you out. You’re a choshuv e’man. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
81) 17) dialog: Let me walk with you. Where are you going?
82) 0) text: Norman and Srul turn the corner together.
82) 1) dialog: So, who’s the guy? Do you know who he is, the New York businessman?
82) 3) dialog: I heard a rumor. But I was sworn to secrecy.
82) 5) dialog: You obviously know more than me, but whoever it is, one thing is for sure. It’s a conspiracy. They found a way to assassinate Eshel, without actually killing him. Norman thinks about this for a second.
82) 7) dialog: Why, what do you know?
83) 4) dialog: I can wait for you outside...
83) 6) dialog: Call me, if you ever need anything. Anything at all. I’m happy to help. Zel gezunt. Norman nods his head, perplexed by the whole encounter. As Norman walks into the consulate, he turns back to see Srul Katz is still standing there, smiling, waving.
110) 0) text: With the cantor and choir still in the background. Norman is now alone in the park, on his chair. Across from him, on the other side of the park, there is ORGANIST accompanying the cantorial piece. Norman recognizes the man playing the organ - it is Srul Katz, totally immersed in his music. Norman gradually vanishes. BACK TO: RABBI BLUMENTHAL’S SYNAGOGUE 160 The camera leaves the cantor and closes in on the MEMORIA PLAQUES until it finally focuses on one specific, rather small plaque that reads: “ANONYMOUS”