1) 0) text: MINNIE GOETZE, an intensely smart fifteen-year-old, curio and strong but not jaded, walks through the seedy sprawli park. Minnie’s voice-over, recorded onto a cassette tape:
1) 1) dialog: I had sex today. HOLY SHIIIITTTTT! Music kicks in - something with a beat. Minnie walks seriously down the path, until the chorus chimes in, then shimmies, or swishes her hips, in time to the music. Minnie’s POV: A boy with blond feathered hair takes a lon slow puff off of a joint. Smoke wafts up around his face, dancing with his curls almost magically. Minnie bounds through the park, past old strung-out hippi lounging in the grass. One of the women doesn’t have a sh on. This is the 70s in San Francisco - it’s just how it i A young woman jogs by in a skimpy seventies jogging outfi Her unharnessed breasts bounce happily along. Comic stars appear on her nipples and bounce away. Minnie looks down takes a quick peek at her own less ample breasts. Pink (01/08/2014) 2. She struts to the music. She leaves animated footsteps in path. Minnie does a little skip, and the music swells and cuts EXT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - STREET 3 Minnie runs up and into a Victorian style apartment build INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - THE LIVING ROOM - CONTINUOUS 5 Minnie enters, startled to find her mom, CHARLOTTE, a hip woman of 34 who wishes she were 25, and GRETEL, 13 and a Charlotte, pretty and girly, glued to the TV. Charlotte i still beautiful, though she wears her mistakes on her bod She sips a gin and tonic. On the TV, news coverage of the trial of Patty Hearst.
1) 6) dialog: No thanks.
1) 11) dialog: I think she’s a phony. What kind of person falls in love with the people who kidnap and torture them? Charlotte and Gretel turn toward Minnie, surprised. Charl finally takes in Minnie:
1) 13) dialog: Mom?!
1) 16) dialog: I’m gonna go do homework. Minnie exits. Charlotte calls after her.
1) 18) dialog: (into phone) Hi, may I speak to Kimmie please? Oh, okay. Yeah could you just ask her to call Minnie the moment she get in? Thanks. Minnie hangs up, frustrated. INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - HALLWAY - MOMENTS LATER 7 Minnie digs frantically through the closet, searching. Sh flings articles of clothes, and tennis rackets out of the way, boxes fall on her, until she finds what she’s lookin for: a seventies cassette recorder complete with a microphone. She wipes dust off of it. INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - BEDROOM —- MOMENTS LATER 8 Minnie presses record on the tape recorder, noticing some dark dried blood on her index finger. She picks at it for moment, smells it. She thinks about where to begin. Then, jumps up, locks her door. She sits back down.
1) 19) dialog: (into mic) Um. Testing? No - Fuck - (MORE )
1) 21) dialog: (rewinds, starts again) My name is Minnie Goetze. I ama fifteen-year-old girl living in San Francisco California, recording this onto a cassette tape because my life has gotten really crazy of late, and I need to tell someone about it. If you’re listening to this without my permission, please stop right now. Just, really. Stop. Okay. (clearing her throat) So, I don’t remember being born.
1) 23) dialog: I was a very ugly child. Her knees part slowly, opening seductively, exposing a ha crotch, the pencil lines of the pubic hair going in every direction. Her toes curl, and suddenly through the center her legs pops out the head of a baby, who looks just like Minnie- bright-eyed and smiling. The animation freezes:
1) 25) dialog: My appearance has not improved so I suppose it was a lucky break when he was attracted by my youthfulness. A cat starts purring around Minnie’s ankle, she picks him roughly, kissing him.
1) 26) dialog: Domino, you stupid cat, I love you. (then, whispering) Hey, Domino. Do I look different than I did yesterday? 11 Domino squirms and jumps out of her arms. Minnie flops on bed, a huge grin coming over her face. The walls of Minnie’s room are lined with comic-style drawings, and photographs: a tongue, or a face, homeless people, and transvestites. And many self-portraits. Minni speaks into her mic.
1) 27) dialog: (getting serious) Okay in all matter of factuality, it happened like this:
1) 30) dialog: My mother was married for a long time to my step-dad Pascal. He is a science-y guy, a PhD. C/U on a picture of Charlotte and PASCAL, 45, when they w younger and married. Even then, they were an odd match.
1) 31) dialog: He has a lot of ideas about how the world works- doesn’t think women should drink or smoke. Minnie looks at the joint in her mom’s hand. Yellow (01/16/2014) 7.
1) 32) dialog: Maybe that’s why she isn’t married to him anymore. She’s “looser” now. Minnie looks toward Monroe.
1) 33) dialog: Monroe Rutherford’s her boyfriend, but they aren’t possessive. Monroe stares at the TV. He is handsome in this light, wi boyish face. He feels Minnie looking at him and smiles a little. Minnie turns back to the TV. There is a long paus Charlotte suddenly startles.
1) 35) dialog: It was the TV. Whatdyasay?
1) 36) dialog: It was just the TV, mom.
1) 39) dialog: Night. Minnie debates moving over to the other side of the couch but just as she makes a move, Monroe puts his big hand on head. Minnie hits Monroe lightly. He puts his arm around and they curl up together, watching TV.
1) 41) dialog: I know it seems weird, but I had this strangely calming feeling that even if he touched my tit on purpose it's probably all right because he's one of our best friends and he's a good guy and he knows how it goes and I don't... Minnie looks at Monroe for a sign. Monroe cracks another beer.
1) 42) dialog: But I wonder if my breast felt small?
1) 44) dialog: Oh Monroe. Pitter pat. You touched my tit. How was that? Minnie touches Monroe’s crotch on the drawing. As she sta deep into Monroe’s face turns to camera,, so handsome and charming. His eyes twitch with mischief. He looks down a little, then back up.
1) 50) dialog: It feels so good to imagine that he might be thinking about me. Like finally I exist. Monroe grabs an apple, bites into it. The kitchen has a paisley wallpaper lining the walls, and avocado green til on the counters.
1) 55) dialog: Not that I love him or anything. I’m not stupid. Gretel enters, and Charlotte pours herself a big gin and tonic. Yellow (01/16/2014) 10.
1) 65) dialog: Yeah I do. Where?
1) 68) dialog: I had homework, but so the fuck what? Monroe smiles, it’s a plan.
2) 0) text: At a tall bar table in a dark corner, a bartender drops o another round to Minnie and Monroe. They’re both pleasant drunk, watch the bartender leave. Monroe leans his body i Minnie’s, almost knocking her off her stool. 11. She laughs, pushing him, but then almost falls off her st He catches her.
2) 2) dialog: Shit. Where’d it go? Monroe gets up and starts rooting around on the ground ne her feet, looking for it. He bites her ankle. She screams loud. He laughs.
2) 4) dialog: That doesn’t hurt?
2) 6) dialog: I’m gonna bite you so fucking hard. She bites it even harder, as hard as she can.
2) 8) dialog: You're drunk.
2) 10) dialog: You're far away.
2) 12) dialog: I did? She peers over the table to see.
2) 14) dialog: It didn’t feel too hard to me. It had soft skin. I don't know what I expected exactly but I guess flesh can never be really hard, like wood or Formica. Monroe moans quietly, Minnie smiles.
2) 15) dialog: I want you to fuck me.
2) 16) dialog: I didn’t even know if I was serious or not, but it was funny and I was drunk. Monroe removes her hand.
2) 19) dialog: (playfully) None of your fucking business. It’s like a game of chicken, neither will look away. Even this moment, there is nothing threatening about Monroe.
2) 21) dialog: I didn’t know whether I wanted him or anyone else to fuck me but I was afraid to pass up the chance because I may never get another.
2) 24) dialog: It tasted like heated wine - hot and sticky and the inside of his mouth was all smooth. I tried giving him a blow-job in the car and he put his hand in me, and touched my tits. He said he wanted to fuck me, but he said we can’t tonight.
2) 25) dialog: (every emotion) Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. Minnie dips her head back in the water, letting her hair all around her. 17 18 Green (01/19/2014) 14.
2) 26) dialog: Sometimes the feeling of water rushing through my hair makes me feel so beautiful. Like a mermaid waiting to be rescued from the depths of the sea. Minnie enjoys this feeling, and then suddenly opens her e with a start:
2) 27) dialog: Is this what it feels like for someone to love you? He could have anyone and he wants me. He sees me. I feel different today. I never want to go back.
3) 0) text: Minnie waits on the corner of Jackson and Scott, anxious. MAN WITH A BUSHY MUSTACHE, and tight bell-bottoms whistle her. Monroe pulls up, and she gets into his beat-up car, flipping off the stranger with a smile.
4) 0) text: Monroe and Minnie fall into the small bachelor apartment making out, barely closing the door behind them. Monroe l Minnie up onto the bed. He gets on top of Minnie, kissing and unbuttons her pants. Minnie is scared but excited. Minutes later, Minnie and Monroe lie silently side-by-sid the bed. They both have their shirts and jackets on still and are naked just from the waist down. Minnie traces an Monroe's leg in blood. He shakes his head in disbelief.
4) 1) dialog: What?
4) 4) dialog: I do? Minnie reaches for her backpack and pulls out her Polaroi camera.
4) 5) dialog: Will you take my picture? She lies back down, resuming her position.
4) 7) dialog: Please? I just want to see. He snaps the picture, against his better judgement. Minni points the camera toward Monroe, but he grabs it out of h hand.
4) 10) dialog: You can’t even see where I am. Outside, life continues. School lets out, transvestites t tricks, the city lives.
4) 12) dialog: ...That was about an hour ago and I can’t believe I’ve now actually said it out loud. I’m pretty sure this makes me officially an adult. Right? She picks at the dried blood on her finger.
4) 13) dialog: I’m going to continue recording this diary with the intention of making entries each and every day as honestly and as sincerely as is possible for me to do. She presses stop, pleased. She pulls out the picture that Monroe took of her after her first time and examines it. looks relaxed and beautiful. INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - KITCHEN/HALLWAY - ANOTHER EVENING 2 Minnie is sitting at the kitchen table drawing a picture herself when the doorbell rings. She jumps up. As Minnie heads for the door, Gretel comes out of her roo
4) 15) dialog: I got it. Gretel whines. Minnie opens the front door.
4) 17) dialog: (shyly) Hey. There is a tense pause. They stare at each other. Monroe seems like a teenager who doesn’t know what to say.
4) 19) dialog: No. (then, jealous) Why? Did you come to see her?
4) 21) dialog: Oh. Monroe enters sheepishly, punches Minnie’s shoulder playfully.
4) 24) dialog: Yeah. They put up their dukes and start circling each other, jabbing and kicking.
4) 27) dialog: No! Monroe grabs her fists, pinning them behind her back, startling Minnie. Just when they’re about to kiss, Charlo comes in the front door. Monroe quickly pushes Minnie awa from him, who falls to the ground.
4) 30) dialog: Monroe Rutherford is the handsomest man in the world. INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - BEDROOM - NIGHT 21 Minnie lies in bed with her tape recorder, it’s dark exce for the glow from her flashlight. There’s magic in the ai
4) 31) dialog: (sotto into microphone) My mother’s friend Martin Chong sent her a poem. He’s one of many men who’s in love with her, waiting in line with a number in their hand like at the deli counter. He wrote it on a piece of lacy purple rice paper that I found crumpled in the trash. I think it’s beautiful: Minnie reads from the crumpled paper. Stars start to eman from Minnie’s bed, floating out into the universe.
4) 32) dialog: (into microphone) “It would have been better To have slept and dreamed Than to watch the night pass And the slow moon sink.” The ceiling of her room melts away, the stars twinkle abo her. She touches her body nonchalantly.
4) 33) dialog: I wonder if Monroe is masturbating thinking about me tonight? Monroe says I exude sexuality. Sometimes I look in the mirror and I can’t believe what I see. I just realized - I’ve had breasts for a full three years. She clicks the light off. The stars twinkle for one more moment. INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - BATHROOM - DAY 22 Minnie runs into the bathroom with a yellow rotary phone, receiver pressed up to her ear. 23 24 Pink (01/08/2014) 19.
4) 34) dialog: (into phone) Sorry. Sorry. Gretel was following me. Hold on. She locks the door and sits on the edge of the tub.
4) 35) dialog: (into phone) Okay, I’m good. KIMMIE’S VOICE Alright, tell me.
4) 39) dialog: (screaming into phone) What?! How did you know? A pounding at the door. GRETEL’S VOICE (calling through the door) Minnie. I need the bathroom. What are you doing? KIMMIE’S VOICE FINALLY! You’re catching up. Pink (01/08/2014) 20.
4) 40) dialog: Hey! We don’t all lose our virginity at thirteen. KIMMIE’S VOICE It’s not just me. That’s how it is in South San Francisco. Gretel pounds again. KIMMIE’S VOICE (CONT'D) I’m just so happy! Who was it?
4) 41) dialog: (into phone) You have to guess. Gretel is listening. GRETEL’S VOICE (calling through the door) I am not. You’re so full of yourself.
4) 47) dialog: (whispered into phone) Don’t you think he’s cute?
4) 51) dialog: (into phone, sotto) Only because he has to otherwise she'll suspect something. KIMMIE’S VOICE I don’t know, Minnie. Don’t you kinda feel like he’s taking advantage of you or something? I Mean, you’re so much younger than him. 22. Gretel’s pounding on the door grows louder and faster. KIMMIE’S VOICE (CONT'D) Minnie?
4) 52) dialog: (upset, into phone) Umm...
4) 55) dialog: I’m gonna kill you!
4) 57) dialog: Quit spying on me. Minnie pushes Gretel to the ground, and sits on top of he smacking her over and over again.
4) 60) dialog: He’s fucked me three times now. All I can think about is the fucking. 32 23. Flashback: Minnie and Monroe fucking in his car.
4) 61) dialog: Monroe is a good lay from what I know in my limited knowledge. He is very tall and strong and he has two strong muscular thighs and a big hairy chest. Flashback: Minnie and Monroe fucking in his bed, fucking his floor, more fucking.
4) 62) dialog: As for myself, I’m not particularly attractive at all. But I do think I look different now- probably my aura. And I think people are noticing...
5) 0) text: Minnie sits at a desk by the window. The hippie ENGLISH TEACHER sits on his desk - “cool teacher” style, with a c of Catcher in the Rye in his lap.
5) 4) dialog: Oh really?
5) 9) dialog: Who?
5) 11) dialog: They're nice.
5) 13) dialog: Oh, don’t be jealous, Chuck. Just because Ricky Wasserman thinks I’m fascinating. Minnie and Chuck start to walk toward the door together.
5) 15) dialog: I know. It’s so embarrassing.
5) 17) dialog: No one that popular has ever talked to me before. It was kinda exhilarating. As Minnie and Chuck pass the teacher's desk, he calls out
5) 25) dialog: Don’t.
5) 28) dialog: (earnest asking) What’s the point of living if nobody loves you? Nobody sees you? Nobody touches you? She drops her towel and stands naked. She compares the picture with her face in the mirror. And looks at her bod Pink (01/08/2014) 27.
5) 29) dialog: I wish I were older than I am. It feels like there are little weights hanging from my heart that swing and tug every time I move, every time the wind blows.
5) 31) dialog: What’s your favorite color?
5) 34) dialog: I want someone to be so totally in love with me that they would feel like they would die if I were gone. She looks at the picture.
5) 35) dialog: Maybe Monroe could love me like that? I am so warm. I want a body with mine. I need a man.
5) 37) dialog: (frustrated) No, don’t stop. 39 Yellow (01/16/2014) 28.
5) 40) dialog: Why would you say that? Do you think I’m fat? She punches him. He laughs.
5) 41) dialog: You're so fucking confusing... with your adult codes and bullshit.
5) 43) dialog: I’m used to the more honest means of communication used between children. I’m almost still a child, you know.
5) 45) dialog: But, I don’t want it to stop. Monroe falls asleep. Minnie stares at the ceiling, confus and frustrated and alone and blue-balled.
5) 46) dialog: I have no one to talk with about this highly complicated matter... INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - KITCHEN - DAY 39 Minnie and Charlotte sit at the table, eating peanut-butt and jelly sandwiches and not talking. Blue (12/17/2013) 29,
5) 47) dialog: ..-If my mother wasn’t involved with Monroe she could give me all the advice in the world.
5) 49) dialog: She is not!
5) 51) dialog: Boys love Kimmie.
6) 0) text: Minnie and Kimmie sit on a big rock in the park, watching people walk by.
6) 2) dialog: Oh, I dunno. I guess.
6) 6) dialog: Mom!
6) 9) dialog: Honestly, I feel like my mom is just worried that I don’t have a boyfriend. I mean, I don’t think she wants me to get pregnant like she did when she was my age, but...
6) 11) dialog: Obviously I can’t tell her about... you know. What am I going to say? “Mom, I’m sleeping with your boyfriend”?
6) 16) dialog: Like... my dad? Charlotte is surprised Minnie is bringing him up, but goe with the memory.
7) 1) dialog: Maybe I‘1l tell her when we’re both old and grey, and Monroe is cold in his grave, ya know?
7) 3) dialog: I have no one to talk to!
7) 5) dialog: .+-Maybe I should just ignore everything. But I like sex. I want to get laid right now. I really like getting fucked. Does everyone think about fucking as much as I do? She sees a nerdy boy looking at comic books and imagines penis, animated and wagging, on top of his pants.
7) 6) dialog: ...-Am I a sexed-up freak or something? Minnie hears a commotion coming from the back of the stor ALINE KOMINSKY, a bad-ass comic book artist, is doing a signing. A group of comic book fans are lined up, enthral Minnie peeks over the crowd and gets a glimpse of Aline- about the coolest woman she’s ever seen - she’s in awe. Minnie approaches the OLD HIPPIE behind the register, bal with a ponytail and a beard. He notices Minnie staring. 46 47 33.
8) 0) text: Minnie sits drawing in a booth, Aline Kominsky’s comic bo open in front of her. She traces one of Aline’s drawings.
8) 1) dialog: I've decided Aline Kominsky is my favorite cartoonist. Minnie imagines an animated version of ALINE KOMINSKY, beautiful and rough with a big ass, working intently at a drawing table. Minnie watches her.
8) 2) dialog: She must be beautiful and work all the time, at a little drawing table, with R. Crumb nearby at his drawing table. A COMIC R. CRUMB, as he draws himself, works nearby.
8) 3) dialog: Everyone thinks he’s the brilliant one but I bet she gives him all of his ideas. And they talk about their pens and other equipment. The comic figures mingle with each other, laughing and looking at their artwork. Aline sparkles. INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - THE LIVING ROOM - EVENING 47 Minnie enters - the house has been tidied. A colorful afg is folded neatly and slung over the couch. There is music playing on the record player, and the table is set for tw with a table cloth and candles. Minnie hears her mom loud crying from the kitchen. She shoots Gretel a look, who shrugs, a little scared, and goes back to her book. Minni motions for Gretel to go to her. Gretel shakes her head l “hell no!”. Minnie tip-toes to the doorway and watches he mom, dressed in a skirt and heels, sitting on a stool in kitchen, head in her hands, sobbing loudly. 48 49 50 Blue (12/17/2013) 34. Some peas boil over on the stove. Minnie doesn’t move, sh just watches, out of sight, terrified and guilty. INT. MINNIE’S BEDROOM —- CONTINUOUS 48 Minnie rushes into her room, kicking her chair and stuff she goes.
8) 4) dialog: I feel like all of Monroe’s excuses not to come over here are excuses not to see me. But my mom thinks it’s about her. Minnie pulls out a piece of paper and starts scribbling.
8) 5) dialog: Dear Monroe. I know you think I’m fat. But I don’t care because I know that black guys the world over... EXT. MONROE’S CAR - IN FRONT OF HIS HOUSE - EVENING 49 Monroe arrives at his car and finds the note pinned under windshield wiper. He reads.
8) 6) dialog: -..and also Italian construction workers and wetbacks and old men and also some lesbians like fat girls even if you don't, so there. Love, Little Minnie. Monroe rolls his eyes, and crumples the letter. He shoves in his pocket. INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - BEDROOM - A DIFFERENT DAY 50 The phone rings and Minnie leaps for it.
8) 7) dialog: (into phone) Hello? PASCAL’S VOICE Minnie. 35.
8) 8) dialog: (disappointed, into phone) Pascal. PASCAL’S VOICE Don’t sound so excited.
8) 9) dialog: (into phone) Sorry. PASCAL’S VOICE Did you get your biology test back?
8) 10) dialog: B-minus. PASCAL’S VOICE Not bad.
8) 11) dialog: How’s New York?
8) 16) text: 52 INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS 52 Minnie draws while she balances the phone on her ear. In notebook are many tracings she’s done of Aline Kominsky’s comic book cover. PASCAL’S VOICE What are you reading nowadays?
8) 17) dialog: (into phone) Ummm. Searching for Mr. Goodbar. Did you ever finish it? PASCAL’S VOICE Please, that inflammatory fiction? I just finished The Final Days about the end of Nixon’s administration. It’s darkly fascinating to witness how well he fares while his dreams crash around him.
8) 18) dialog: I’m reading some cool comic books too.
8) 24) dialog: I didn’t say she was going out with anyone! You don’t even listen to me, Pascal. PASCAL’S VOICE That’s not true, Minnie.
8) 25) dialog: (into phone) Besides, mom isn’t even partying really. She’s like a monk. Or a nun or whatever.
8) 30) dialog: Dear Aline Kominsky, Hello. My name is Minnie and I am an aspiring cartoonist. Animated Minnie meets different boys along her journey. S keeps walking, morphing. Sometimes she has big thighs, sometimes her head is very small. Sometimes her breasts b from her shirt. She keeps walking.
8) 31) dialog: I am a huge fan of yours. Most cartoons don't amuse me at all, but I love yours. I've just completed my first real comic. It's only one page. It's about walking around in the city. I used India Ink but I wasn't sure what kind of paper to use. What do you use? With admiration, Minnie Goetze. Animated Minnie disappears into the city.
8) 33) dialog: It stirs up a kind of frustrated passion in my heart to think of Monroe sometimes, to think about him out with my mother.
8) 35) dialog: So? 39.
8) 43) dialog: I wish I was in his arms. I wish I was in his bed.
9) 0) text: Minnie sits on the school steps, as students mill about h Two teenagers make out nearby. Minnie watches with little hesitation.
9) 1) dialog: I have to say, I have almost completely forgotten about Monroe... it’s like it never happened. She looks at some of her fellow students, who ignore her.
9) 2) dialog: I wonder if anybody loves me that I don’t know about... Chuck skates up to Minnie and sits next to her. He lights a cigarette.
9) 4) dialog: Hey, Chuck.
9) 6) dialog: Yeah.
9) 8) dialog: (shrugging) I’m not really thinking about it. I want to be an artist anyway, and so school is essentially pointless for me. They sit in silence for a while. He smokes. Across the la Minnie spots Ricky Wasserman getting into his fancy sport car.
9) 10) dialog: I'll be right back. She jumps up and heads over to Ricky. A few girls are jus walking away as she approaches. They glare at Minnie as t go.
9) 15) dialog: Sometimes the beauty of a boy makes me want to cry. INT. RICKY WASSERMAN’S HOUSE - POOLHOUSE - LATER 60 Minnie and Ricky hump in the poolhouse, amongst the blow- pool-toys and towels. The sun glistens on Ricky’s young b as he goes at it, rabbit-style. Minnie’s not into this. Ricky looks very pleased with his jackhammering, until Mi flips him over. She slows him down, controlling the pace a pro, moving her body with confidence. Ricky is overwhel She is leading this dance, but doesn’t notice his discomf She moans and screams out, like a grown woman. Birds fly overhead, the trees rustle. Minnie cums, Ricky looks uncomfortable, music crescendos and then silence. INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - EVENING 61 Minnie enters, her hair still wet from the pool at Ricky' Monroe and Charlotte are curled up on the couch, Charlott long legs bare and on display. Minnie walks right past Mo and he spots a small hickey on her neck. She pays him no mind, and struts into her room, pleased with herself. Mon looks after her, a little jealous. EXT. RICH PRIVATE HIGH SCHOOL - STREET —- MORNING 62 Minnie approaches the front steps of the school where Ric and Arnie are posted. Minnie waves at Ricky. He waves bac tentatively, and whispers something to Arnie, turning awa A horn honks. Minnie notices Monroe’s beat up car idling front of the school. She glances to Ricky and then goes u the car and sticks her head in his rolled down window. 63 Green (01/19/2014) 43.
10) 0) text: Minnie and Monroe walk along the docks, near a boat. Minn is antsy.
10) 2) dialog: Are we gonna go to your place?
10) 4) dialog: Well, yeah I do. But then are we gonna go to your place?
10) 6) dialog: No! Fuck you. You're so disgusting! She pushes him. He laughs it off.
10) 7) dialog: I don’t know why you even brought me here.
10) 9) dialog: What?
10) 11) dialog: I do not. He leads her toward a boat, and a MAN, in his 60s and loo it, comes out of it.
10) 18) dialog: I guess. I like this little kitchen. Green (01/19/2014) 45.
10) 20) dialog: (suddenly interested) Like Gilligan?
10) 22) dialog: It’s like a little house. (then) Are you really going to get it?
10) 24) dialog: (taking this seriously) Yeah, me too. Monroe looks out the window at the sea and is quiet.
10) 27) dialog: What?
10) 31) dialog: I can do what I want. 46. She pulls on his belt.
10) 33) dialog: You afraid the sailor will hear us? You chicken?
10) 35) dialog: Don’t touch me, you big fat lout. He grabs her, and throws her over his shoulder, she kicks loving this.
10) 38) dialog: (playful) Help! I’m being raped! Monroe covers her mouth with his hand. He stares at her, holding her down. She is loving this. She bites his hand.
11) 3) dialog: Why?
11) 6) dialog: Who? You mean Ricky Wasserman?
11) 8) dialog: What’dyou care?
11) 10) dialog: No.
11) 12) dialog: No, no, no. I don’t wanna go yet. 48.
11) 14) dialog: But Monroe...
11) 16) dialog: Why are you trying to get rid of me?
11) 18) dialog: It’s not fair. I never see you. I’m not leaving. I’m gonna run down the hall completely naked. I bet your neighbor will see me. She makes a dash for the door, and Monroe, also somewhat naked jumps up after her, slamming the door before she ca get out. He grabs her.
11) 20) dialog: Monroe, will you tell me about your parents?
11) 22) dialog: But you tell my mother everything about your life. Please? Monroe wriggles out of Minnie’s grasp, walks away.
11) 24) dialog: No. Monroe! Come BACK here. (then) Hey. I SAID: COME BACK HERE! Her shouts stop him in his tracks. He turns to Minnie, wh stands naked and serious with her hands on her hips. She sight. He looks at her like “what?”.
11) 25) dialog: I think we need to talk about our relationship.
11) 27) dialog: I’m serious.
11) 29) dialog: Don’t laugh at me.
11) 31) dialog: Don’t laugh at me. Monroe contains her flailing.
11) 32) dialog: Don’t-
11) 34) dialog: Get your hands off of me or-
11) 36) dialog: Or I’m gonna tell my mother! Pause. Monroe drops Minnie’s shoulders, turning away.
11) 37) dialog: What? Yellow (01/16/2014) 50.
11) 39) dialog: You can’t take it?
11) 41) dialog: 
11) 44) dialog: What?
11) 46) dialog: Go ahead!
11) 49) dialog: I hate you.
11) 51) dialog: Yes I do. I hate you more than anything. 67 68 Yellow (01/16/2014) 51. Monroe rocks with her, while she cries.
12) 0) text: Shots of San Francisco, in all its beauty. INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - BEDROOM - DAY 68 C/U on Minnie’s face, almost screaming. Is she upset or excited?
12) 1) dialog: Fuck Monroe. He was too old for me anyway. It was kinda sick, if you think about it. Dirty old man. Widen out, Minnie and Kimmie are dancing, jumping on the and singing at the top of their lungs along to The Rollin Stones.
12) 2) dialog: (singing) But BAAAAABYYYY BABY.... Minnie does a jump-kick off of the bed. Kimmie flips her around.
12) 3) dialog: (singing) I don’t need no jewels in my crown. Yellow (01/16/2014) 52. Kimmie picks up the album cover and starts licking the picture of Jagger on the cover.
12) 5) dialog: EWWWW! What’re you doing?
12) 7) dialog: Oh my god! It does feel like he has a dick in there. Ohhh. And it's hard too! Kimmie turns the music down and plops on the floor.
12) 9) dialog: Really? Doesn’t he seem a little gay to you?
12) 12) dialog: Shit.
12) 14) dialog: I wrote you a few letters so you can space them out during your trip.
12) 17) dialog: About what?
12) 19) dialog: I have no idea.
12) 21) dialog: God, I love black guys. They look so tough and they always smell so gutsy.
12) 23) dialog: No way.
12) 25) dialog: What? Wait, how big is it really? Kimmie motions about eleven inches, and thick. She and Mi laugh.
12) 27) dialog: And now, the making of a harlot.
13) 0) text: A Comic San Francisco. The Golden Gate Bridge peeks up ou the fog in small pyramids. Cartoon Minnie, fifty feet tall slouches as she traverses hilly landscape in large giantess steps.
13) 1) dialog: She was a young girl driven astray by the lustful lure of the flesh.
13) 4) dialog: She looked every bit the harlot she was bound to become, with her brassiere straps exposed, with her tight pants that rode up snugly at the crotch, almost like a horse, when viewed from behind. He was a beautiful junior, rich and famous in high-school. His name? Ricky Wasserman. What is he, Jewish?
13) 6) dialog: What?
13) 10) dialog: (in a deep “giant” voice) What?
13) 15) dialog: 
13) 20) dialog: My mother doesn’t touch me much if she can avoid it. She used to touch me a lot, in a motherly way, when I was little. But then:
13) 27) dialog: (laughing) How long have you been home? Andrea looks nervous. Charlotte stops dancing, but the mu continues.
13) 28) dialog: I thought you were working late. The spell is broken.
14) 0) text: Minnie and Gretel walk into the snobby coffee shop, fille with college students and professors. They look around. Pascal waves them over to his tiny table. Minnie and Gret approach. He’s not french, but he wishes he were.
14) 2) dialog: Bonjour, Pascal.
14) 13) dialog: You’ve only been gone for a year.
14) 15) dialog: Fine.
14) 17) dialog: You always ask about her. Is she my only friend whose name you can remember?
14) 19) dialog: She's visiting colleges. She’s in Boston then I think she’s going to New York next week.
14) 21) dialog: Um, she’s doing really well- 58. 59.
14) 23) dialog: 
14) 27) dialog: She got laid off. It wasn’t her fault.
14) 29) dialog: Don't talk about our mom like that, please.
14) 34) dialog: Oh my god, gross. Pascal leans in to talk seriously to Minnie.
14) 39) dialog: Pascal - do you really want to help?
14) 41) dialog: Because, mom doesn’t have a job anymore, and she’s looking for another one but... we kinda don’t have any money. Pascal lets out a big sigh.
14) 43) dialog: She doesn’t know I’m asking you.
14) 45) dialog: Well, five hundred dollars -
14) 47) dialog: That's bullshit. You could help if you cared about us. 75 Yellow (01/16/2014) 61.
14) 49) dialog: No, you just want to be able to tell everyone that your step-kid is good at science or something. You don’t care about me. She starts to tear up.
14) 51) dialog: Fine. They sit in silence for a moment. Gretel returns to the table, unaware.
14) 55) dialog: What’re you doing here?
15) 0) text: Minnie walks down the street, which is filled with all ki of misfits - homeless kids, hippies, trannies. She walks slowly and looks everyone in the eye. She is not afraid.
15) 1) dialog: Dear Diary. I did not go to school today. I didn’t want to see superficial Ricky Wasserman. Minnie keeps walking, slowly. Like a dream, suddenly the animated version of Aline Kominsky walks along side of he grotesque and beautiful at the same time.
15) 2) dialog: I feel so awkward and ugly and naive and lonely.
15) 4) dialog: And I have no friends. I don’t want to go to school ever again. Nobody loves me. Maybe I should kill myself. She glances at Aline for her opinion, and then keeps walk
15) 6) dialog: Maybe I should paint a picture. I should paint a picture. They keep walking. 77 63.
15) 8) dialog: I want to discipline myself to draw every day. That’s what I have to do, right? Aline nods.
15) 9) dialog: I get distracted sometimes. Overwhlemed by my all-consuming thoughts about sex and men. I always want to be touched. I don’t know what's wrong with me...
15) 11) dialog: Oh my heart. Could I ever love a girl? A car crosses between them, and the girl is gone. Minnie looks to Aline, but she is also gone.
15) 12) dialog: .-.-I am seriously considering running away. My mother is getting worse. INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - THE LIVING ROOM - DAY - CONTINUOUS Charlotte and Andrea are cleaning the house, frantically. 78 79 64.
15) 13) dialog: Mom and Andrea got some coke from Michael Cocaine and it gave them the energy to clean the house all day today. INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - BEDROOM - CONTINUOUS 78 Minnie lies on her bed talking into her tape recorder. Th vacuum is audible from the other room. Charlotte pops her head in the door, and Minnie hides the recorder under her pillow.
15) 15) dialog: (into mic) I bet I‘'1l listen to this Diary in a decade or so, if I’m still alive. Reminiscing over my wild teenage- hood. Maybe I’1l1 even let my husband hear. But he may get too jealous. Minnie presses stop, and takes the tape out of her casset recorder. She places it carefully in a shoebox under her bead, and pulls out a new cassette tape.
15) 18) text: MINNIE’S POV: 80 81 65. INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - THE LIVING ROOM - NIGHT 80 -Charlotte and her friends party in the smoke-filled room Kimmie sips a drink and watches, curious. -Charlotte plays guitar while Stoney Burt sways alongside her. She looks beautiful and happy. -Charlotte is passed out on the couch. A few partiers do coke off the coffee table, while more people dance. Minni and Kimmie each snort a line with Monroe. -Minnie and Kimmie dance seductively while Monroe watches The party continues.
16) 0) text: Minnie sits in a booth sipping coffee. She looks wrecked, jittery.
16) 1) dialog: What we did gets me sick, it’s so pornographic. Somehow Kimmie and Monroe and I ended up having a three-some. It was disgusting. Minnie closes her eyes. Quick Flashback: Kimmie, Minnie a Monroe entangled by the washer and dryer, naked limbs everywhere. Kimmie and Minnie kiss while Monroe watches. Minnie sips her coffee.
16) 2) dialog: The sexual nature of Kimmie Minter is a viscous cervical mucus that always welcomes mating. Her leg shakes. The clang of silverware is too loud. Peop are chewing grotesquely. She fiddles with her spoon. Minnie stares into her coffee cup and pours in some cream which blossoms in the brown liquid. Kimmie emerges from the bathroom with a brush and make-up her hand, that she tosses into her bag.
16) 4) dialog: Not yet. 66. Kimmie sips her coffee.
16) 6) dialog: EST. It’s this personal growth workshop thing he’s doing all weekend in Sacramento.
16) 8) dialog: He’s trying to better himself. I think it’s noble. You don’t understand him.
16) 10) dialog: You don’t. It’s not your fault. I mean, I know you try. But he’s tough to get to know. He doesn’t let many people in.
16) 12) dialog: I know.
16) 14) dialog: I love Monroe. I do.
16) 16) dialog: Sometimes I watch Monroe while he sleeps and I feel so much love for him, that it feels like my heart might burst. Minnie eats. The yolks of her eggs form into hearts.
17) 4) dialog: Yeah.
17) 7) dialog: (into phone) Uh huh.
17) 9) dialog: He loves me.
17) 35) dialog: I hate Monroe. He seems really gay and kind of washed out.
17) 41) dialog: Everything is so loveless and mediocre. Suddenly there is a knock at the door. Minnie drops her crying entirely.
17) 42) dialog: 
17) 45) dialog: 
17) 51) dialog: I hate men. I hate their sexuality unless they are gay or asexual or somehow different from the men I've known. She takes a sip from a gin and tonic she has on the groun next to the bathtub. She cries.
17) 53) dialog: I hate men but I fuck them hard hard hard and thoughtlessly because I hate them so much. I hear myself and it sounds so stupid. (MORE )
17) 55) dialog: It is clear that I bring horror upon myself because I'm an idiot.
17) 57) dialog: I want to.
17) 60) dialog: I hate myself and I hate him. I want to die! Suddenly Minnie dunks her head under and time slows down. opens her eyes and looks up through the water and sees tr surrounding her tub. Her hair spirals around her. Her mou opens and she screams out, silently.
17) 61) dialog: And from this wretched body I speak Saying it will be different when I DIE. When I die I would like to die by drownation in the Ganges River. The bathroom morphs into the jungle and the bath becomes dark Ganges River. Minnie plunges down, falling deeper in the water, imagining her glorious death.
17) 62) dialog: I will depart this heaving pulsating vessel. There it will lie, to be consumed by the earth. By some raven or a hippopotamus. Minnie is drowning, deep in the dark waters. Sinking lowe and lower. River plants wrap around Minnie’s neck and lim pulling her toward the bottom. She struggles.
17) 63) dialog: My heart beats wildly my eyes fight the closing lids. (MORE )
17) 65) dialog: A fly settles on the water. I do not take a breath. I sink, the water consuming me. 92 93 74. The sky opens up and thunder and lighting strike. Rain po down. Minnie sinks deeper into the river water, settling the bottom. Her eyes begin to close, she screams out.
17) 66) dialog: My heart fights and is freed ina muted scream. All my love encased in bubbles that rush to the surface, and burst. Minnie has died on the bottom of the Ganges river.
17) 69) dialog: (under her breath) Nothing. Chuck looks at her. He cares so much.
17) 71) dialog: (whispering) Actually... do you still have that acid you got from your brother?
17) 72) dialog: Sometimes you just have to do something...
18) 0) text: Minnie runs down the empty school steps, past a tree, whi is decorated for Christmas on the front lawn. She is cutt school. 94 Green (01/19/2014) 75.
18) 1) dialog: ...Be braver than you feel. I refuse to be some snivelling cry- baby. I’m a fucking woman, and this is my life.
19) 0) text: Minnie pounds on Monroe’s door. Finally, Monroe opens it, sleepily with no shirt on. Minnie pushes him.
19) 1) dialog: I’m going insane and it’s your fault! Monroe yawns, and moves back into the apartment leaving t door open for Minnie.
19) 3) dialog: It’s not just up to you. I have a say in this too, and I don’t accept it.
19) 5) dialog: (quiet, not convincing) This is my life- She squirms a little, and then relaxes. It’s silent. Green (01/19/2014) 76.
19) 8) dialog: Why do you care?
19) 10) dialog: (lying) Well. I did meet this guy at the movies. This... black guy, with a huge dick.
19) 12) dialog: (going with it) He... fucked me in the back of his car. Monroe starts pushing up against her, under the covers.
19) 14) dialog: Yeah. I wanted it.
19) 17) dialog: I won’t get attached. I promise. Monroe kisses her, resuming right where he left off.
19) 19) dialog: Monroe looks at me and sometimes his eyes glisten softly. This is it. This is love, right? Minnie looks deeply into Monroe’s eyes, searching. He cum Outside the window, time passes. Day turns to night. Inside Minnie and Monroe put the acid on their tongues. INT. MONROE’S APARTMENT - NIGHT 95 Minnie stares at her hands. They are normal hands, but sh fascinated. She wiggles her fingers.
19) 20) dialog: This is incredible. I see... everything. Minnie’s POV: Her hands are covered in feathers. She wigg her fingers.
19) 21) dialog: I always knew it. She starts to flap her wings. They are large pink flaming wings. She lifts up off of the bed, hovering. She swirls twirls in the air, bathed in a beautiful pink light.
19) 23) dialog: (tasting the words) Toes? Toes. Monroe, appearing as if from nowhere, yells out at the wa Yellow (01/16/2014) 78.
19) 27) dialog: I like the bed. calls to her from the darkness below.
19) 32) dialog: What? 96 Yellow (01/16/2014) 79.
19) 34) dialog: I love you.
19) 36) dialog: I love you though. I love you.
19) 38) dialog: I love you.
19) 40) dialog: Yes, I love you. Monroe cries in Minnie’s lap, muttering “I love you” over over again. Reality resumes.
19) 41) dialog: He was afraid and weak. I felt distant and confused. A kind of perverse pleasure. Because I'd finally got what I’d wanted from Monroe, but now I had no desire for it.
20) 0) text: Minnie sits on the closed toilet fully clothed, filled wi regret. What just happened? Monroe is in the shower, happ His voice echoes in the bathroom, as he lathers.
21) 0) text: Minnie and Kimmie stand against a wall, under the glow fr street-lamp. Kimmie does Minnie’s eye make-up. They wear short skirts, with tight tops. Kimmie is very made up.
21) 1) dialog: I can’t believe it, but I’m finally ready to get Monroe out of my life.
21) 3) dialog: Men are sort of disgusting. How did I not notice this before? I only like men who are gay, I think.
21) 5) dialog: Maybe I can meet a nice girl.... Yellow (01/16/2014) 80A.
21) 7) dialog: Kimmie did us both. 81.
21) 9) dialog: What about you, Chuck? You want to get a make-over?
21) 11) dialog: (quietly) Psst. Chuck, is Frankie your boyfriend?
21) 15) dialog: (to Chuck) He’s beautiful, I wouldn’t blame you. Kimmie does Frankie’s eyes, and gives him a birthmark.
21) 18) dialog: Hey, I know that girl. She blew a kiss at me once.
21) 20) dialog: Is that her name? Kimmie sprays Frankie with perfume.
21) 23) dialog: She's so beautiful, though. You think she’s going to Rocky Horror?
21) 25) dialog: I just said she was beautiful. Jeez.
23) 0) text: Minnie pushes her way through crowds of men and women entering and exiting the bathroom. She comes face to face with Tabatha, who is leaned up against the sinks smoking joint. 100 Blue (12/17/2013) 83.
23) 2) dialog: (nervously) Hi.
23) 4) dialog: Yeah. Tabatha smiles. She is sexy. She hands Minnie the joint. Minnie takes it. Time stands still. The sounds of Rocky Horror can be heard in the background.
24) 0) text: Minnie and Kimmie are high and drunk. They sit on the sto of the bar, drinking and giggling.
24) 2) dialog: You don’t know her. She’s cool. Kimmie notices two young men at the end of the bar watchi them. They’re each about twenty.
24) 4) dialog: Oh, they’re cute.
24) 6) dialog: You think they would think we were prostitutes? Minnie and Kimmie laugh hysterically.
24) 8) dialog: I’ve been practicing my hooker walk. Watch. Minnie hops off her stool, saunters over to the boys. She goes right up to them, pressing her breasts out as she do Kimmie can’t make out what she’s saying. Minnie walks bac over to Kimmie, eyes open wide but trying to play it cool
24) 10) dialog: I told them it was five bucks for us to suck their dicks, or fifteen for the fuck of their fucking lives. They’re counting their money. Kimmie and Minnie laugh, but try not to let the boys see. boys discuss amongst themselves, and excitedly count thei dollars in the background.
25) 0) text: The two boys lean up against either wall, getting their d sucked. They make eye contact with each other, silently saying “I can’t believe this is happening!”. Minnie and Kimmie are on their hands and knees, right next to each o on the filthy floor, sucking their dicks. They hold hands while doing the deed. INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - BEDROOM - THE NEXT MORNING 102 Minnie and Kimmie are in bed, lying head-to-toe with each other, Kimmie’s head at the foot of the bed. They’ve just woken up from their crazy night before and are both depressed, last night’s make-up still on their faces. 85.
25) 1) dialog: I don’t think we should have done that.
25) 3) dialog: I feel weird and creepy about it.
25) 5) dialog: Maybe we should promise each other we will never do anything like that ever again?
26) 0) text: Minnie meets up with Kimmie on the street. They are both heavily made-up, looking older than they did before.
27) 0) text: Minnie and Tabatha sit on the roof looking at the moon. T sky becomes a comic-book fantasy sky. The stars twinkle. Tabatha takes Minnie’s hand, smokes a joint with the othe
27) 2) dialog: I want to see with clear eyes. Tabatha smiles, touched.
27) 6) dialog: No. I’m not afraid of anything.
27) 8) dialog: I’m not afraid of knives or handguns or poison or fire or rape or bondage or being kidnapped or tortured or even hypnotized and brainwashed, like that Patty Hearst girl.
27) 10) dialog: A little. Tabatha smiles, and leans in. INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - KITCHEN - DAY 111 Charlotte knows! She gulps a gin and tonic and smokes a cigarette, fuming. She is surrounded by Minnie’s casette tapes and drawings and photographs of Monroe, strewn all the table. The front door opens and shuts with a slam. Mi comes into the kitchen and goes white when she hears the familiar crackle of her tape player. MINNIE’S VOICE (from the cassette player) We had sex by the washer and dryer- Charlotte stops the tape.
27) 12) dialog: What?
27) 14) dialog: Mom- Gretel comes in carrying the cat.
27) 18) dialog: Mom- Charlotte stands, facing away from Minnie.
27) 20) dialog: I really don’t... I don’t know.
27) 22) dialog: Mama, I wanted to tell you...
27) 24) dialog: Everything's wrong, stupid cat. She spaces out as she watches the black and white movie o the TV, it cuts to commercial and suddenly changes.
27) 26) dialog: I’ve done it this time.
27) 28) dialog: (through sniffles) Yes it is. I’ve fucked everything up.
27) 30) dialog: I dunno. Animated Aline Kominsky puts her arm around her.
27) 32) dialog: I used to imagine Monroe and I hugging each other and being warm in his bed and resting my head on his chest and hearing his heart beat. But it just never happened that way. 113 Yellow (01/16/2014) 91.
27) 34) dialog: (to the TV) Are you my fairy godmother? Aline nods, looking straight out to Minnie on the couch.
27) 35) dialog: Then you’re just a figment of my imagination. You don’t know. The TV goes black. Minnie sits alone. The phone rings. Do jumps down from the couch.
28) 0) text: Minnie walks into the lounge-like bar, and finds Charlott and Monroe in a corner, sitting around a candle-lit table drunk. They are talking quietly, until Monroe sees Minnie
28) 2) dialog: What’re you doing here?
28) 8) dialog: You're drunk?
28) 11) dialog: Mom!
28) 15) dialog: Are you crazy? Stop saying ‘pork!’.
28) 22) dialog: It’s not a lit-up streetlight hazy darkness like most nights; it is a black crisp night and my eyes are light headlights. Cartoon Minnie slips and slides down the hill of San Francisco, becoming part of the sewage and suddenly being sucked into a drain in the street. She spins with the muc around and around, her voice echoing with the sounds of t city.
28) 23) dialog: I’ve become nothing, finally. No home. No school. No money -shit. I don’t have any money. She gets spit out into a park in The Presidio with a thud
29) 0) text: Minnie, clearly fucked up, smashes a bottle on the ground Minnie, Kimmie, Frankie and Chuck smoke a joint and drink the picnic tables at the park.
29) 1) dialog: Fuck this city!
29) 5) dialog: I doubt she evens knows I’m gone. (screaming) I hate it here. I can’t wait to get the fuck out of here! Minnie screams into the wind, to the water and the Golden Gate bridge.
29) 6) dialog: Ahhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!
30) 0) text: Minnie, Kimmie, Frankie and Chuck stumble through the residential part of the city, which is mostly asleep. Min is fucked up. Chuck keeps her from falling as they walk.
30) 1) dialog: (to Chuck) I’m gonna move to New York, ya know.
30) 3) dialog: I think I’m going to move to New York. And finish high-school there. It’s a great place to be an artist.
30) 5) dialog: My step-dad lives there, and I am so done with San Francisco. Don’t you think it’s a good idea?
30) 7) dialog: What’s your problem? Kimmie Minnie 95.
30) 11) dialog: Who'd you fuck in New York, Kimmie? looks up at Minnie, dumbfounded.
30) 13) dialog: Who, Kimmie? stares Minnie in the eyes and starts to tear up. does too.
30) 14) dialog: (pathetically) Really? Pascal? pulls her pants up.
30) 17) dialog: Fair? You fucked my step-dad! A light turns on in the big house they’re in front of. 96. FRANKIE’S VOICE Come on, girls.
30) 19) dialog: Are you kidding me?
30) 21) dialog: He came to California for Christmas?
30) 23) dialog: How could you do this to me? You’re supposed to be my best friend. Suddenly an OLD RICH GUY peeks his head out the front doo It seems like this kinda thing happens all the time.
30) 26) dialog: And you're acting like a slut. Minnie pushes her back. Frankie rushes up, gets in betwee
30) 32) dialog: She fucked my step-dad!
30) 36) dialog: Go fuck someone else’s dad! Chuck runs after Minnie who is storming down the street.
30) 38) dialog: Stop it, Chuck! She takes off quickly, he follows.
30) 40) dialog: Leave me alone.
30) 42) dialog: Let go of me, Chuck! Kimmie is a fucking bitch.
30) 44) dialog: Oh - I see how you look at her. You want to fuck her, like everyone else!
30) 46) dialog: Well, then you’re an idiot. I’m fucked up.
30) 48) dialog: I am fucked up. I am! I AM! You don’t know anything about me. You don’t know shit. Just leave me alone, Chuck. Fuck you, you Minnie takes off. He doesn’t follow. He is so disappointe
31) 0) text: Loud rock music. Minnie moves through the crowd, scanning Minnie approaches a group smoking. She sees who she was looking for. She beelines for Tabatha, who spins around, surprised and happy to see Minnie.
31) 3) dialog: Who is Mike again?
31) 5) dialog: He has so many stairs. I want to go back to bed. Tabatha leans into Minnie, kissing her.
31) 7) dialog: Oh. Tabatha kisses Minnie’s neck as she talks.
31) 9) dialog: Oh great.
31) 11) dialog: (smiling at the reference) Yes. I’m hungry though. Tabatha kisses Minnie, touching her face and body.
31) 13) dialog: Possessive of me?
31) 15) dialog: What’s not a big deal?
31) 18) dialog: Yeah.
31) 23) dialog: Nobody loves me. She curls up at the bottom of the phone booth.
31) 24) dialog: Maybe nobody will ever love me. Maybe there’re only a few people in the whole world who are actually loved - the lucky fucks. And the rest of us walk through the world like ghosts, with no one to see us or care about us. Alone forever. 122 123 124 102. Over-used prostitutes saunter up to cars but get little action. Kids sleep in dark doorways. Minnie wimpers. She out of options.
31) 26) dialog: Fuck. She waits, but nobody stirs. She looks around at her hous ashtrays filled with cigarettes litter the dark apartment INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - BATHROOM - CONTINUOUS 123 Minnie throws up violently in the toilet. She stands up, wiping her mouth barely. She drinks from the faucet. She swings open the medicine cabinet and finds one of her mom’s prescription bottles labeled “Vicodin”. She pours them all into her hand. Contemplates. She pops one into her mouth, puts the rest back, and drops the bottle into her pocket. She closes th cabinet and takes a look at her fucked up face in the mir Not liking what she sees, she swings the mirror away, alm breaking it. INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - BEDROOM —- MOMENTS LATER 124 Minnie clicks on the light in her room. Her bed is still unmade. A drawing of Monroe that she did is pinned on her wall. She rips it off, and kicks some of her other belongings. She plops on her bed, then feels something under hear hea her pillow. It’s a letter addressed to her. She almost th it on the floor, but then she opens it. ALINE KOMINSKY’S VOICE Dear Minnie. Thank you for your letter. Minnie stirs, realizing it’s from Aline. 125 103. ALINE KOMINSKY'’S VOICE (CONT’D) It is refreshing to receive a letter from a girl because most letters I get are from greasy fan boys who think that I’m cute. I tend not to write back to them. Keep drawing those comics. Keep drawing anything you can. Just keep drawing. Oh, and I use Indian Ink as well. Love, Aline Kominsky. Minnie lies back - the weight of everything’s she’s gone through hitting her. She cries. This hurts so much. Someo stirs in the living room. GRETEL’S VOICE Hello? INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - MOMENTS LATER 125 Minnie peeks out of her door and sees Gretel looking arou at the tipped over lamp. Gretel spots Minnie and runs to jumping on her, knocking them both to the ground. They ho each other. Just then Charlotte comes in the front door, her big coat and hat. She looks exhausted. Charlotte stares at Minnie. Minnie meets her eye, unsure how her mom will react. Charlotte shakes her head - she i once relieved and angry.
31) 28) dialog: I’m sorry. Gretel holds onto Minnie’s legs, not letting go. Charlott approaches, slaps her across the face, and then grabs her into a big hug.
31) 30) dialog: You did?
31) 32) dialog: I'm sorry, mom, I’m so-
31) 34) dialog: I wanted to tell you about Monroe, I really did-
31) 36) dialog: 
31) 40) dialog: Okay.
31) 42) dialog: I’m hungry. Gretel nods. 126 127 128 Pink (01/08/2014) 105. INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - KITCHEN - SUNRISE 126 Minnie pulls out a bowl, and bisquik. She beats some eggs and mixes in the flour. She cooks pancakes, while Gretel looks on from the table. The sun comes up out the window, they eat. “She” by the Misfits, about Patty Hearst, plays. Video footage of Patty Hearst surrendering in Pleasanton, CA in 1977, and being taken into custody. The battle is over.
32) 0) text: Minnie walks down the street. Time has passed, she looks healthier. It’s a mirror of the opening sequence but she’ gone through so much. She passes people in the park, she looks at them with wisdom in her eyes.
32) 1) dialog: Did you ever go back to your preschool once you had gotten big and everything looked miniature? Like the chairs and the monkey bars - just much smaller than you remembered? She drops a letter in a mailbox. It’s addressed to Aline Kominsky. She sees Chuck walking down the street holding hands with a girl. They make eye-contact for a brief mome Minnie waves. He nods. That’s it. Minnie flips through the comic books in the store. She fi a few she likes. Minnie keeps walking down the street.
32) 2) dialog: I know nothing’s changed, but everything looks totally different to me now. INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - THE LIVING ROOM - LATER 128 Minnie sits in front of the TV, drawing while she watches She flips through the channels until she comes to The Mup Show. At some point Gretel comes in and sits down on the floor with a box of crackers. Fozzie is doing a bit about ventriloquism. They sit watching together. Minnie reaches into the box and grabs a cracker. The phone rings. Minnie picks it up. 129 106.
32) 3) dialog: (into phone) Hello? PASCAL’S VOICE Minnie- it’s Pascal- Minnie hangs up. Goes back to watching TV with her sister
33) 0) text: Minnie and Charlotte are in the crowded nightclub togethe They cheer for the band, as they enter the stage. Minnie looks at Charlotte, so happy and drunk.
33) 1) dialog: My mom and I aren’t the same species. It’s not her fault. She thinks she needs a man to be happy. I don’t. Charlotte whoops and hollers for the band.
33) 2) dialog: Everything that’s happened with Monroe, and Tabatha, and Pascal and my mom has probably fucked me up somewhere deep in my soul. But maybe it was worth it because I've realized some things: It’s not about who loves you. It’s all about liking yourself. Just liking yourself enough to keep living til the next day, and maybe the one after that. The guitarist from the band blows a kiss and Charlotte an she screams, lifting her arms in the air.
33) 3) dialog: My mom has a new boyfriend. He’s an unusually nice guy. I hope she stays with him for a while. Charlotte grabs Minnie, dancing with her. She hands Minni her drink, but then adds:
33) 5) dialog: She’s not perfect, my ol’ mama, but she’s the only one I got. The band starts up a song, Minnie cheers. INT. MINNIE’S HOUSE - BEDROOM - NIGHT 130 Minnie sits on her bed, talking into her microphone.
33) 6) dialog: (into mic) This whole time it’s felt like I’m so precariously close to the edge, to the end... but really, my life has only just begun. A song comes on the radio that Minnie likes. She puts dow the microphone and dances like crazy, loving every moment
34) 0) text: Minnie sits on a low wall by the running path. She has a blanket laid out with xeroxed zines and drawings for sale She talks to a tourist.
34) 1) dialog: It's fifty cents but if you buy two drawings or one drawing and a zine, it’s 90 cents. But I don’t actually have a dime, so it would end up being the same price. The tourist hands her two quarters, humoring her, and tak drawing, walking away. Minnie enjoys the sun. Monroe jogs by, wearing his jogging outfit. He sees Minni and stops, but keeps jogging in place.
34) 3) dialog: Hi.
34) 5) dialog: No, Gretel’s with me. She went to find a bathroom.
34) 7) dialog: She had to pee. There is an awkward moment. Minnie jogs in place too.
34) 8) dialog: So... you wanna buy a drawing? Or a ‘gine?
34) 10) dialog: Here. Take this one. You can give the fifty cents to my mom the next time you see her. Monroe looks down at a small drawing of a transvestite wi hairy chest. It’s beautifully drawn. He hates it. Monroe smiles awkwardly. It is evident he wants to go.
34) 11) dialog: (holding out her hand) Well, goodbye Monroe. He takes her hand and shakes it. She doesn’t hate him.
34) 13) dialog: (while holding his hand) I’m better than you, you son-of-a- bitch. 132 Pink (01/08/2014) 109. They drop hands, and Monroe jogs off, not sure of what to make of this. Minnie is left standing there with the wate and sun behind her.
35) 0) text: Minnie and Gretel play in the water, chasing the waves as they go out. Minnie splashes Gretel, who laughs and splas her back.
35) 1) dialog: This is for all the girls when the have grown. The sun glistens on the water as we pull away from the sisters, who look like little girls playing on the beach.
35) 2) dialog: Signing off, trusty Diary. Love, Minnie Goetze.G