72) 3) dialog: Yeah. You sounded good.
72) 5) dialog: Previous guy?
72) 7) dialog: Last week we rehearsed without drums. You’re the only drummer we've ever had. Beat. He walks off. Andrew stands there. Confused...
80) 4) dialog: (clenched teeth to Andrew) The fuck?! Come on... Andrew, desperate, tries to fix things -- but he can’t. Sliding further and further behind. PLAYERS eying him. Yo can almost hear MURMURS in the audience, rising in volume And, through it all, Fletcher seems serene. Andrew misses yet another break, and-- BASSIST (CONT’D) Are you fucking kidding me? This hits Andrew like a knife. Tears well up in his eyes. performance is already so far beyond saving... Another missed hit. More MURMURS in the audience, louder louder now, as the number veers, swerves, and sloppily staggers to its close... A swell of horns, a misplaced cr of cymbals, what seems like a fermata... Andrew stops -- as the band RESUMES. And just as Andrew resumes -- the ba STOPS. Andrew's playing alone. He quickly moves to silence his drums. The chart is done. And now -- the deafening silence. No applause. Just the sound softly rippling and settling Andrew's last cymbal hit... 107 Pink (9/10/2013) 98 Andrew sits at his set, in tears. Fletcher stays still. L at Andrew. On Fletcher's face, the look of a victor... As turns back to the audience we hear... +..a smattering of polite, muted applause trickling throughout the theater. Quiet, half-hearted, pitiful. No one here has ever seen a disaster quite like that befo
80) 8) dialog: Didn't you get the fucking chart? Andrew looks at the Bassist. Realizes what Fletcher did.. the other MUSICIANS glaring at him, infuriated...
82) 14) text: Alone, his stick beating away at the ride cymbal, setting tempo for the rest of the band. Everyone looks at him. Wh the fuck...? He has started on his own, before any cue, beating the drums as though vengefully. Fletcher glares at him. Who the fuck do you think you are Andrew just keeps playing. Knows exactly what he’s doing not about to be stopped. Building in his eyes -- that sam coiled rage... To the BASSIST--