0) 3) dialog: What’s your name?
0) 5) dialog: What year are you?
0) 7) dialog: You know who I am?
0) 9) dialog: You know what I do? Pink (9/10/2013) 2
0) 11) dialog: So you know I’m looking for players.
0) 13) dialog: Then why did you stop playing? Beat. Andrew nods, smiles. He gets it. Summons up all his remaining energy and resumes playing, trying to really sh off this time. Rolls, fills, speedy stick-work. He finish FLETCHER (CONT’D) Did I say to start playing again? Andrew looks at him.
0) 15) dialog: I asked you why you stopped playing. Your version of an answer was to turn into a wind-up drummer monkey.
0) 17) dialog: Show me your rudiments. Andrew nods. Plays one rudiment after another: double-str roll, paradiddle, ratamacue, flam, flamadiddle. FLETCHER (CONT’D) Uh-huh. Double-time swing. Fletcher begins clapping his hand in time. Fast. Andrew p FLETCHER (CONT’D) No. Double-time. Double it. Bop-bop-bop- bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop-bop. Andrew tries doubling the tempo. But he can’t. Fletcher S CLAPPING. The sign of death. Andrew keeps playing, eyes shut... Then -- he hears the d CLOSE. He stops, and looks up. Fletcher has left the room Pink (9/10/2013) 3 A moment later -- the door OPENS. It’s Fletcher. Andrew's eyes widen. Maybe it’s not over... FLETCHER (CONT’D) Woopsy-daisy. Forgot my coat. Fletcher grabs it, steps back out, CLOSES the door. Andre stares ahead, alone again at the drums -- and totally deflated. It’s over. WIDE SHOT of the band room as Andrew slowly rises. A titl Shaffer Conservatory of Music Fall Semester
8) 0) text: Through the pane of glass, Andrew can see a FULL ORCHESTR Everyone looks older than in Nassau. More focused. All ey glued on Fletcher as he assumes his position... Fletcher’s right arm moves, just a hair, and the band sta fast, dazzling. Andrew watches -- in awe. The band’s play STUDIO BAND EAVESDROP CHART, and the sound is so full, so precise, so commanding. Nothing like Nassau. And suddenly -- Fletcher TURNS AROUND. His eyes meet Andr Andrew ducks out of view -- shit -- -- and hurries away.
11) 3) dialog: Come in. A door opens -- the black gives way -- and we see, seated a polished mahogany desk, Fletcher. He looks as imposing and as well-dressed -- as ever. FLETCHER (CONT’D) Hey, Andrew! I guess Sophie found you? Andrew is taken aback. Fletcher remembers his first name?
11) 5) dialog: Come in, come in, close the door... Fletcher rises to greet Andrew, as Andrew closes the door Pink (9/10/2013) 13 FLETCHER (CONT’D) I like to chat with students coming in and going out. I hear you’re going out? Andrew looks surprised by the warmth in Fletcher’s voice.
11) 7) dialog: Terrific. Columbia’s a terrific school. Did something precipitate this?
11) 9) dialog: Bravo. (as he starts to head back toward his desk--) Too many students clamp down on their “pursuits” like leeches. (sits atop his desk) Hobbies they picked up in their teens, and for what? Take a seat.
11) 11) dialog: What were you then? Twelve?
11) 13) dialog: Oh. Well, kids start swimming when they’re six, doesn’t mean they’re Michael Phelps. It’s a hobby, never anything you consider going all the way with. Am I right?
11) 15) dialog: Well, kids want anything. I wanted to be a nanny. Thank God those I trusted talked me out of it. Good to listen to advice.
11) 17) dialog: --good to get outside perspectives. So long as they don’t have ulterior motives, I’'d listen to what the people you trust tell you. Andrew nods. But that phrase seems to echo. Ulterior moti Fletcher hops down from the desk and makes his way to the couch. FLETCHER (CONT’D) So what's the passion you've chosen to pursue at Columbia, then?
11) 19) dialog: Ah. Well that’s ok. You’re young. Most people, it takes years for them to find their calling. My father, for instance -- he had no idea what he wanted at your age. He tried a lot of things, a little bit of this, a little bit of that. Took him years before he realized his dream was insurance. That was his passion. The cubicle, the coffee breaks, the dry wall. He lets this simmer for a beat. Then-- FLETCHER (CONT’D) I’m sure you'll find your calling as well. He rises back up. A moment of silence. FLETCHER (CONT’D) I guess that’s it, then. Any questions? He notices Andrew looking at a photo on the wall. He takes standing drift to walls... JVC Jazz Pink (9/10/2013) 15 FLETCHER (CONT’D) That’s Sean Casey. Graduated three years ago. Now he’s first trumpet at Lincoln Center. (heading toward the door--) He came a long way.
11) 21) dialog: (turning around to face Andrew) Some, yes. But it’s no cakewalk. Most kids here can’t last. Laszlo Polgar, Hungarian psychologist, declares in 1967 that talent is all about conditioning. Says he can make his kids, whoever they are, the best in the world at something. What that something is he'll decide. He’s a lousy chess player but he picks chess because it’s objective. Goes around looking for a wife, finds one who agrees to his experiment. Starts having kids: Susan, Sofia and Judit. Gets them practicing before they can even talk. These weren’t kids who were sitting and smelling the roses. These were kids who were going to leave an actual mark on the world. Who was the top female player by 1984? Susan. Who played the eight-straight-wins “Miracle of Rome” in 1989? Sofia. And who is universally considered the greatest female chess player of all time? Judit. a breath. Smiles. We linger for a second on Andrew, in place, taking it all in. Andrew’s eyes quickly the photos behind Fletcher -- the images on the The Studio Band with Wynton Marsalis. Fletcher at the Festival. One jazz luminary after another... FLETCHER (CONT’D) Which is why I’m sure you’1l be great at whatever you set your mind to at Columbia. (puts his arm around Andrew, starts escorting him toward the door--) It was a pleasure chatting, Andrew, now--
11) 23) dialog: Well that’s worrisome. I’m sure you had good reason to make your decision.
11) 25) dialog: No need to do that. First instincts are best.
11) 27) dialog: I’m not sure your first instinct is right, then. Why don’t you give it some more thought, and in the meantime... (reaches the door; about to close--) ---make sure your double-time swing is ready by Monday’s Nassau Band. He closes the door. WE LINGER on Andrew. A spark has been
12) 3) dialog: Down the line. Pink (9/10/2013) 17 Instruments SNAP upward with military precision. No one w to miss a beat. FLETCHER (CONT’D) Trumpets. Bars 36 to 38. One-two-- The TRUMPETER on the right starts playing. Five notes bef Fletcher cuts him off with the slightest flick of his han
12) 4) dialog: Next. One-two-- (the SECOND TRUMPETER misses his cue) Next. One-two-- Nothing. Fletcher looks up. There are no more trumpeters. looks over at Kramer: “Are you serious?" FLETCHER (CONT’D) Trombone. Bars 21 to 23. Four-and-- (TROMBONIST is scrambling to find the right page) Saxes. 48 to 50. “And” of one. And-one-- (ALTO SAX gets through one bar) Next-- Before he even counts off, he notices the TENOR SAX’s fingering -- all he needs to know.
12) 5) dialog: Drums. We get a split-second glimpse of the TENOR SAXOPHONIST, wondering what just happened -- before we CUT to the drum Ryan at the ready.
12) 6) dialog: Double-time swing. Ryan takes a breath. Fletcher CLAPS him off. Ryan plays. FLETCHER (CONT’D) Thank you. You. Behind. Palms sweaty, Andrew takes Ryan’s place. Trains his eyes Fletcher’s hands. Deep breath. Fletcher CLAPS, and Andrew -- trying to get the motion right, trying to stay in time FLETCHER (CONT’D) Thank you. Bass. Five bars of “Donna Lee”. We STAY ON Andrew as the BASSIST plays; Andrew slides off drums and back to his regular seat. 17 Pink (9/10/2013) 18 FLETCHER (0.S.) (CONT’D) (to Bassist) Thank you. We CUT back to Fletcher. He looks over the band once more see the MUSICIANS’ faces -- scared, but hopeful. Then-- FLETCHER (CONT’D) Drums. Come with me. Ryan’s heart starts speeding. His excitement visible, he- FLETCHER (CONT’D) Other drums. Ryan freezes. Andrew is stuck in place for a moment. Then eyes wide -- is this really happening? -- he rises and approaches the doorway... There, Fletcher hands him an OR PAPER SLIP. FLETCHER (CONT’D) Give this to Admin for rescheduling. We meet 6am to lpm every day. Room B16. And with that, he EXITS. In a daze, Andrew drifts back toward the band. Kramer loo him. Andrew answers the look with a defiant smile. Vindic
20) 9) dialog: We’ve got a squeaker today, people. Neiman. (he pronounces it “Neeman”) Nineteen years old. Isn't he cute? Laughs throughout the room. We can overhear a few snicker
20) 11) dialog: Alright, gang. “Whiplash”. Pink (9/10/2013) 25 The players get out the chart. Andrew catches a glimpse - a messy clutter of notes and time signatures... Fletcher raises his hand. Total silence. Then -- the slightest move of Fletcher's finger, and the band begins WHIPLASH STUDIO BAND REHEARSAL CARL #1. The chart’s named “Whiplash” for a reason. It’s fast, frenetic, 7/4 time. T fast, with this many polyrhythms, it’s impossibly hard.
20) 13) dialog: Stop. You. Barker. (pointing to the THIRD TRUMPETER’S horn) That is not your boyfriend’s dick. Do not come early. Moving ahead. Bar 93.
20) 14) text: The players flip their sheet music. Andrew catches a glim of a TROMBONIST ejecting the spit from his horn. A puddle formed by his feet. FLETCHER (CONT’D) Five-six-seven-- The band plays WHIPLASH STUDIO BAND REHEARSAL CARL #2. Intense, visceral. Fletcher paces back and forth, eyeing players as they play. He’s got fox’s ears, hawk’s eyes. E sinew of his body is focused. Andrew watches, awed, scare completely overwhelmed.
20) 15) dialog: Stop! The band comes to a halt. FLETCHER (CONT’D) Now this one upsets me. We have an out-of- tune player. Before I go any further, does that player want to do the right thing and reveal himself? (silence) Ok. Maybe a bug flew in my ear. Bar 115. Five-six-and-- He cues the BAND with his hand, then cuts them off. Pink (9/10/2013) 26 FLETCHER (CONT’D) No, I guess my ears are clean because we most definitely have an out-of-tune player. Whoever it is, this is your last chance. (paces back and forth, slowly) Either you know you are out of tune, and are therefore deliberately sabotaging my band; or you do not know you’re out of tune -- which I’m afraid is even worse. Nothing. The players avert his gaze. All terrified... FLETCHER (CONT’D) Reeds. Five-six-and-- (they play, he cuts them off) Bones. Five-six-and-- (they play, he cuts them off) Ahhhh, he’s here. Silence. He eyes the TROMBONISTS. Lands on one, METZ. Ove Been picked on his whole life. FLETCHER (CONT’D) Tell me it’s not you, Elmer Fudd. Metz sits there, trembling. On the brink of tears. FLETCHER (CONT’D) It’s ok. Play. (Metz does so, Fletcher stops him, leans in, whispers--) Do you think you’re out of tune? Metz, terrified, looks down at the floor. FLETCHER (CONT’D) There’s no fucking Mars Bar down there. Look at me. Do you think you're out of tune?
20) 17) dialog: Then why the FUCK didn’t you say so?!? Silence. It’s the first time we’ve heard Fletcher really His voice is booming, louder than one would have thought. FLETCHER (CONT’D) I’ve been carrying your fat ass for too long, Metz. (MORE)
20) 18) text: 22 Pink (9/10/2013) 27 FLETCHER (CONT’D) I will not let you cost us a competition because your mind’s on a fucking Happy Meal and not on pitch. Stein, congratulations, you are now fourth-chair trombone. Metz -- get the fuck out. Still trembling, tears bubbling out, Metz picks up his trombone and walks to the door. Andrew watches -- shocked Once the door closes-- FLETCHER (CONT’D) For the record, Metz was not out of tune. You were, Wallach. But Metz didn’t know it. And that’s bad enough.
20) 19) text: And then -- he looks straight at Andrew. FLETCHER (CONT’D) Alright, take ten. When we get back -- the squeaker’s on. Andrew's face goes ghost-white.
21) 6) dialog: (walking Andrew down the hall) Listen, Andrew. I know what you saw in there is worrying you, but there’s a big difference. This is your first day. (MORE)
21) 8) dialog: Metz had been dragging mud for two years. (comes to a stop, looks straight at Andrew--) Besides, you’re no Elmer Fudd. This is a huge opportunity for you. You know that, right?
21) 10) dialog: Your parents musicians?
21) 12) dialog: What do they do?
21) 14) dialog: What's he written?
21) 16) dialog: College?
21) 18) dialog: And your mom?
21) 20) dialog: So no musicians in the family.
21) 22) dialog: Well, you’ve just got to listen to the greats then. Jo Jones, Buddy Rich. You know, Charlie Parker became “Bird” because Jones threw a cymbal at his head. (MORE)
21) 24) dialog: You see what I’m saying? (Andrew nods) (MORE)
21) 26) dialog: The key is -- relax. Don’t worry about the numbers or what the other players think. You’re here for a reason. You believe that, don’t you? (Andrew nods) Say it.
21) 28) dialog: Good. A beat. And, finally-- FLETCHER (CONT’D) Now have fun. He pats Andrew on the back -- then promptly walks off.
22) 1) dialog: Alright, gang. Andrew looks up. Fletcher has just entered.
22) 2) dialog: “Whiplash”. Fletcher eyes Andrew. FLETCHER (CONT’D) Neiman -- just do your best. Andrew nods. Looks at the music. Counts in his head. He's ready... Fletcher CLAPS the band off. WHIPLASH STUDIO BAND REHEARS ANDREW #1, mid-tempo, far easier than before. Andrew’s do well. Fletcher nods, smiles-- FLETCHER (CONT’D) Let’s see some fills. Pink (9/10/2013) 30 Andrew fills, rolling down the toms. Fletcher grins. Andrew, seeing Fletcher's grin, can’t help but smile. Get into it now. The whole BAND building, his drumming growin intense. He fills again. FLETCHER (CONT’D) Snap! We've got Buddy Rich here. Andrew grins. Fills again. Accenting, playing a counter-r When he trips up. Comes in a hair late. FLETCHER (CONT’D) (waving the band to stop) Ok, little trouble there. No problem. Let’s pick it up from 17. Fletcher claps. Andrew plays WHIPLASH STUDIO BAND REHEARSAL ANDREW #2. Fletcher waves him to stop again. FLETCHER (CONT’D) Not my tempo. Ok? Fletcher claps again. Then another wave for Andrew to sto FLETCHER (CONT’D) Downbeat on 18. Ok? He’s still soft, calm, warm. He claps again. Then, stoppi FLETCHER (CONT’D) The “and” of 4. Bar 17, the “and” of 4. He claps off. Stops Andrew again, only seconds later. FLETCHER (CONT’D) 17, the “and” of 4. Ok? And you're rushing a little... Andrew nods. Getting nervous now... Fletcher claps again. again. FLETCHER (CONT’D) Not quite my tempo. All good, here we go. He’s about to clap off when, out of nerves, Andrew hits h bass drum early. FLETCHER (CONT’D) No -- ready? Fletcher claps. Stops Andrew yet again. Pink (9/10/2013) 31 FLETCHER (CONT’D) Sorry, you’re -- you’re dragging a little now. (Andrew tries to pull his seat up, getting anxious, flustered) All set? Andrew nods. Get it together... Fletcher claps. Stops. FLETCHER (CONT’D) You’re rushing. Claps again. Stops again.
22) 3) dialog: Dragging. Claps again. Andrew plays WHIPLASH STUDIO BAND REHEARSAL ANDREW #3, expecting another stop -- but it doesn’t come. Fletcher nods, as though now satisfied, then slowly turns around. Puts his hand on a spare chair. Looks like he’s about to sit down, when... like a flash of lightning he WHIPS up the chair and HURLS it straight at Andrew’s head.
22) 5) text: Andrew DUCKS, as the chair CATCHES the top of the bass dr almost toppling it over. An EAR-PIERCING CLANG OF CYMBALS Andrew's sticks go flying and the chair hits the floor. Then -- total silence in the room. Andrew is shell-shocke beyond shaken, what in the fuck just happened???... FLETCHER (CONT’D) (as though discussing the weather) Why do you suppose I just hurled a chair at your head, Neiman?
22) 7) dialog: Yes, you do.
22) 9) dialog: Were you rushing or were you dragging?
22) 11) dialog: Start counting.
22) 13) dialog: In four, damnit!
22) 15) dialog: Keep counting!!
22) 17) dialog: Was I rushing or I was dragging?
22) 19) dialog: Start counting again.
22) 21) dialog: Was I rushing or was I dragging?
22) 23) dialog: So you do know the difference! If you dare to sabotage my band I will fuck you like a pig. (MORE)
22) 25) dialog: Now are you a rusher, are you a dragger, or are you going to be ON MY FUCKING
22) 28) dialog: (flips over a new sheet of music, points to the top) What does this say?
22) 30) dialog: Count a 260.
22) 32) dialog: Jesus fucking Christ -- I didn’t know they allowed retards into Shaffer! Do you expect me to believe you can’t read tempo? Can you even read music??? (points back to the music) What the fuck is this?
22) 34) dialog: And this?
22) 36) dialog: Sight-read this measure.
22) 38) dialog: What are you, in a fucking a capella group?? Play the goddamn set!! Andrew plays the measure on the drums. Shaking, terrified Pink (9/10/2013) 34 FLETCHER (CONT’D) Now answer my question -- were you rushing or were you dragging? (because Andrew hesitates--)
22) 42) dialog: Dear God, is that a tear in your eye? Are you one of those single-tear people? Do I look like a double fucking rainbow to you?? Andrew tries to hide his tear, mortified, wipes it, cower FLETCHER (CONT’D) You must be upset. Are you upset??
22) 44) dialog: Oh so you don’t give a shit about any of this?
22) 46) dialog: So are you upset? Yes or fucking no.
22) 48) dialog: You are upset...
22) 50) dialog: Say it so the rest of the band can hear you.
22) 52) dialog: Louder.
22) 54) dialog: 
22) 57) dialog: You are a worthless friendless faggot-— lipped little piece of shit, whose Mommy ran out on Daddy once she realized he wasn’t Eugene O’Neill, and who’s now weeping and slobbering over my drum kit like a fifteen-year-old girl -- so for the last father-fucking time, SAY IT LOUDER!!!
22) 61) dialog: Carl... Carl silently switches places with Andrew at the set. FLETCHER (CONT’D) Start practicing harder, Neiman. (then, turning to the band,) “Whiplash”. Once more from the top. He claps the band off. As for Andrew, he just sits behind dazed, red-faced, and utterly gutted. His first day of Studio Band is over.
23) 17) dialog: Yes? INT. GEHRING HALL - STUDIO BAND ROOM - FLETCHER’S OFFICE Andrew steps into Fletcher’s office. Before Fletcher can word--
25) 0) text: Fletcher steps outside. It’s drizzling a bit. He slowly u an umbrella. Passes by a few other FACULTY MEMBERS on his to the sidewalk. Keeps walking. The DRUMMING continues... INT. DORMITORY - ANDREW’S ROOM - EVENING 30 Andrew pulls the MATTRESS off his bed, drags it to the do with his ALARM CLOCK. Heaves both out to the hallway...
26) 0) text: Fletcher is seated, squished in between commuters, towere over by other travelers. Looks diminutive in this setting
28) 0) text: Andrew lifts a 50-lb weight with his right arm. Then a 75 Then picks his stick up and plays his double-time swing.. EXT. FLETCHER’S APARTMENT BUILDING - NIGHT 34 Fletcher reaches a nondescript high-rise. With his folded umbrella, his head hanging low, and the careful delicacy which he opens the door, he looks here like nothing so mu as a quiet, everyday man...
29) 0) text: Andrew sleeps, earphones still in and metronome still on. He’s on the MATTRESS he brought down from his dorm, the A CLOCK by his side. Next to it, a suitcase of clothes. Abo the poster of Buddy Rich. It’s as though he’s moved in. INT. FLETCHER’S APARTMENT - DINING ROOM - NIGHT 36 Fletcher sets the table for dinner. He has nice porcelain plates, and a glass of red wine. But the meal? A frozen r made steak and vegetables. On the wall, a photo. In it, a younger Fletcher, and a WOMAN, and a NINE-YEAR-OLD GIRL. smiles... 37 38 39 Pink (9/10/2013) 39 INT. ANDREW’S PRACTICE ROOM - MORNING 37 Andrew rises from the same mattress and slides onto his d seat. Starts playing, hands dotted with blisters, eyes cr with sand. The METRONOME still on... ...because it was never turned off. CUT TO: Rides furiously, trying to beat his double-time swing... The METRONOME reading 380... His muscles exhaust CUT TO: The METRONOME adjusted up to 390... Blisters tear cuT TO: 400.. Hands bleeding now, blood smearing the stic CUT TO: 405... The METRONOME going crazy now... The DRUMM fast it’s a wash, a wall of sound, blood on the cymbal-- INT. FLETCHER’S APARTMENT - DINING ROOM - NIGHT 38 Silence. Fletcher finishes his meal. Puts the dishes away down on a couch. Still alone. The apartment, like his office, is small but elegant. Pic of icons on the walls. Monk. Holiday. Coltrane... Fletcher reaches into a stack of LP’s: Chopin, Ravel... P one out with the most delicate touch, as though he were handling a newborn. Sets it on a record player by his sid A scratch, a hiss, and then -- -- FLETCHER’S SONG. Melancholy, lovelorn... Fletcher just sits and listens, barely moves -- but you c tell the music now playing means everything to him... A moment, and then...
31) 2) dialog: Mike! (and, to the girl,) I’m so sorry, can I have your autograph? (she blushes, shakes her head) Are you playing an instrument yet?
31) 4) dialog: Ooo, I need pianists! (to the girl) What do you say, you ready for Carnegie Hall? The Technician smiles again, looks at the girl. She hides face in his chest, embarrassed. He and Fletcher laugh. FLETCHER (CONT’D) Alright, alright. (looking up at her dad) Great to see you, Mike. He leans in. They hug. FLETCHER (CONT’D) See you after the show! Cheers! He steps in, closes the door and addresses his PLAYERS, w are busy sanding their hands, buzzing their lips, prepari FLETCHER (CONT’D) Ok, you fucking cocksuckers. E Dorian. (the non-percussion players lift their instruments) Hurry the fuck up!! E Dorian. (they play the Dorian scale) Double it. (they play it double-time) (MORE)
31) 5) text: 4l Pink (9/10/2013) 41 FLETCHER (CONT’D) G Lydian. (they play the Lydian scale) D Lydian Augmented. (they play it) Double it. (they play it double-time) Get your music. “Irene” only for Set 1. Rhythm section out first. Tanner, the kit is a tonal catastrophe. Get it in tune. Rhythm and soloists, we're augmenting the dominant in measure 45. Everyone else sharp the nine at bar 106. Got it? (beat) Now remember. Lincoln Center and its ilk use these competitions to decide who they want. And I am not about to have my record in that department stained by a bunch of sour-note flexible-tempo flatter- than-their-girlfriends dipshits. And another thing... (he holds up a music folder) ...if I ever see one of these lying about unattended to again, I swear to God I will stop being so polite. That alright with you, ladies?
31) 8) dialog: (almost matter-of-fact) Get the fuck out of my sight before I demolish you. The STAGE HAND nods, slinks away. Fletcher addresses his FLETCHER (CONT’D) Stage right. In order. Now. (turns to the STAGE HAND -- who's short and plump) That means you too, Mini-Me. INT. DUNELLEN AUDITORIUM - STAGE - CONTINUOUS 4l Studio Band goes on-stage. Carl hurries to the DRUMS, tun
31) 15) dialog: Get it together, Tanner, I swear to God. Heads back to his position, glaring at Carl. Pissed at An Carl plays. The music BUILDS and we’re--
33) 15) dialog: Drums!! Where the hell is Tanner??
34) 0) text: Carl, terrified, Andrew behind him, addresses Fletcher--
34) 2) dialog: Now is not the time.
34) 4) dialog: Neiman lost it.
34) 6) dialog: The folder is YOUR fucking responsibility, Tanner! You should have known not to give Neiman your folder. You give a retard a calculator and he’1ll try to turn his TV on with it. Now get your ass on-stage before I--
34) 9) dialog: Can’t what?
34) 11) dialog: Come again, darling?
34) 13) dialog: Visual cues??
34) 15) dialog: A medical condition? What are you, Sanjay Gupta?? Play the fucking music!!
34) 18) dialog: You know “Whiplash” by heart?
34) 20) dialog: You'd better pray your memory doesn’t fail you, Neiman. And I hope you've improved since last month’s rehearsal. I am not about to start losing now. Then, to the rest of the band--
34) 21) dialog: 
36) 0) text: Applause. Fletcher summons his PLAYERS to the stage. The hands him the microphone. Fletcher takes it, hesitantly. band behind him -- including Andrew...
36) 1) dialog: I’m...supposed to say a few words but... it’s these kids who should be speaking... (turning to his band, earnestly) You earned this, gang. (beat, turns to the audience) You know... When I was a kid, I saw God. Or as some people know him, Charlie Parker. My dad snuck me out of school so we could make the drive into Chicago. It was a bar so he had to sneak me in, hidden under his coat. I didn’t know where in the hell I was. I was all of seven. But then, by the time I was on my third Shirley Temple, this nice- looking man went up on-stage and started playing. And I’ve never been the same since. (MORE)
36) 3) dialog: (turning again to his band) You guys mean the world to me, you know... (back to the audience) I think of them like they were my own kids. Treat them that way, too. Treat ‘em like my dad treated me. Meaning I terrorize them. (laughter, and to the band,) But it’s true, gang. You’re my family... Something about how Fletcher says this suggests he means FLETCHER (CONT’D) Thank you. Thank you so much. He wavers. Then steps aside and exits with his band.
38) 3) dialog: “Cherokee”. (looks at Carl) What are you doing? No answer. Carl, seated at the set, is visibly confused. FLETCHER (CONT’D) Core only today, I can’t waste time with alternates. 48 49 Pink (9/10/2013) 48 Carl stays still. What...? Andrew looks just as shocked. But Fletcher keeps on staring. He’s dead-serious. Finally slides off, stunned, as Andrew takes his place... And, ca tossing this off even though he knows how much it hurts--
38) 4) dialog: Tanner, make sure to turn Neiman’s pages. Then he raises his hand. Andrew holds his sticks, still shocked. This is as clear a verdict of his playing at Overbrook as he’1ll ever get. He’s the new core drummer. Fletcher CLAPS the band off, and before we hear any music
41) 0) text: A BLAST of music. Horns squealing, cymbals swelling. It’s another Studio Band rehearsal. Andrew’s at the drums playing well. Fletcher cues a fermata, and the band finishes STUDIO BAND REHEARSAL AFTER-BREAKUP CHART. Pink (9/10/2013) 56
41) 1) dialog: Alright, gang. Pick up the new chart by the door. Rehearsal tonight starts at 9. You have ‘til then to learn it. PLAYERS head out. Andrew grabs his copy of the chart -- i called “CARAVAN” -- when-- FLETCHER (CONT’D) Neiman. Stay a bit, ok? Andrew nods. Carl, at the door, glares at him. Then slink FLETCHER (CONT’D) (approaching, pointing to the chart) Look at this. See the tempo?
41) 3) dialog: That's a double-time swing. That’s what got you in here, isn’t it?
41) 5) dialog: Now, just as was the case with you, I stumbled on a kid practicing his double- time swing the other night. I’d like to give him a shot. Before Andrew can register, let alone ask “Who?”--
41) 7) dialog: Perfect timing! Join us, Connolly. (Ryan heads over, smiling) You two know each other, don’t you?
41) 9) dialog: Now, Connolly, I’ve made Andrew a temporary core-- (Andrew’s eyes shoot up at the word “temporary” ) --but we've got the competition this weekend and I want to make sure the new chart’s in good shape. Ryan nods, reaches into his backpack. And, to Andrew's sh pulls out the “new chart”. CARAVAN.
41) 11) dialog: (as though he can read his mind) I gave it to him this morning, Neiman. Now, all I want to do is test out the part. Neiman, if you wouldn’t mind, could we take it from the top with just you? Andrew tries to keep calm. Goes to the drums, lays out th chart. FLETCHER (CONT’D) Don’t worry, I don’t care about hits. That’1l be tonight. For now, just tempo. Andrew nods. Takes a deep breath. Looks at the tempo nota “330”. Another breath. Ok... I've got this... Fletcher CL Andrew BEGINS. FLETCHER (CONT’D) No... That’s not quite my tempo...
41) 13) dialog: Let’s see if Connolly can do it, ok? Beat. Andrew looks at Ryan. Heart pounding, he switches w him. Fletcher CLAPS. Ryan BEGINS. And he plays perfectly.
41) 14) dialog: Connolly -- that was excellent. See, this is the beauty of Studio Band. You come in an alternate -- but a minute later, you could be the new core. Andrew's eyes widen again. 53 Pink (9/10/2013) 58
41) 16) dialog: Connolly, the chart’s yours. See you both tonight at 9. (answering the phone) Hi, this is Terence... He heads to his OFFICE. Andrew is still. What just happen
41) 19) dialog: What are--? I need to talk to you.
41) 20) dialog: Now is not the time, I I can play that part, you swear to God-- know I can--
41) 21) dialog: I_said NOT NOW!!! There’s more desperation in Fletcher’s voice than anger. Andrew notices something else: Fletcher’s eyes are wateri Andrew is silent. He’s never seen Fletcher like this. 54
45) 0) text: The PLAYERS sit silently. Ryan on the drum throne, Carl a Andrew behind him -- Carl still humiliated, Andrew 100% focused. The clock reads: 9:00. Not a word in the room. Fletcher emerges. A CD PLAYER in his hand. He plugs it in
45) 1) dialog: Ok... Um... For the first time ever, he seems uneasy, unsure what to FLETCHER (CONT’D) We...we have a new player. Ryan Connolly. Ryan nods, waves to the other PLAYERS. Chipper--
45) 3) dialog: But I...if you could just...put your instruments down... Just for a second... He turns to the CD player. Turns it on. A big-band ballad swells. A muted trumpet takes the lead. It’s CASEY’S SONG and it’s a tender sound, full of melancholy... For a few seconds, Fletcher doesn’t say a word. His thoug seem to be drifting. Then, hesitant, as the music plays.. FLETCHER (CONT’D) Six years ago...I saw a kid practicing scales in a band room here. He'd started at Shaffer with a lot of hope, but the truth was he’d barely squeaked in and he was struggling. Everyone on the faculty told him: “This isn’t for you.” But they didn’t see what I saw... (his voice croaking again, emotional, ) ...this...this scared, skinny kid cursing himself ‘cause he couldn’t get his scales right... I saw a drive in him... (MORE)
45) 4) text: Pink (9/10/2013) 61 FLETCHER (CONT’D) And I put him in Studio Band, and we worked together for three years, and when he graduated, Marsalis made him third trumpet at Lincoln Center. A year later, he was first. That’s who you’re hearing now. (then, ) His name was Sean Casey. The name catches Andrew’s attention. The trumpeter Fletch mentioned to him... And the word “was”... FLETCHER (CONT’D) I found out this morning...that Sean died. He died in a car accident yesterday... (takes a moment, is having trouble speaking) I just wanted you guys to know that... He was... Sean was a... (and, almost dissolving into tears on these next words) -.-beautiful player... (breathes in, collects himself) I just thought you all should know. Beat. He leans back down and turns off the CD. Silence. FLETCHER (CONT’D) (another moment; then, still shaky--) “Caravan”. From bar 142, please. The PLAYERS open their folders, pick up their instruments Fletcher waits. Hesitates again... Then -- CLAPS. Just dr bass and trombone play the trombone solo section of CARAV STUDIO BAND REHEARSAL. Fast, precise -- but Fletcher wave Ryan to stop.
45) 5) dialog: No, that’s...that’s not quite right, Connolly... Sorry... Andrew's eyes instantly fill with hope. Is this his chanc
45) 6) dialog: I... I want to try Neiman on this... Ok? Ryan nods, slowly slides off -- as Andrew quickly gets on Clutches his sticks tight. This is it... Fletcher’s still FLETCHER (CONT’D) Maybe...maybe now’s the time for Neiman to earn the part... Beat. He CLAPS off, Andrew starts, and, only ONE SECOND l Pink (9/10/2013) 62
45) 7) dialog: No, I guess not. Tanner. An anger is creeping into Fletcher's voice now. The stammering fading away, bit by bit. Dismayed, Andrew gets off, Carl gets on, Fletcher CLAPS him off -- and then, SLAMMING his fist down on his table, the barely suppresse grief giving way now to terrifying, full-out rage--
45) 8) dialog: Mother-FUCKER! ! ! Carl JUMPS. The band goes silent. Fletcher glares at his drummers, eyes so heated they could burn holes into you.
45) 9) dialog: Get your ass back on the kit, Connolly. Ryan does. The other players are still. Real fear in the FLETCHER (CONT’D) I will find my tempo out of one of you faggots if it takes me all goddamned night. His tone is vicious, his eyes still watery. He CLAPS, sto
45) 10) dialog: Which it just might. Neiman. Andrew gets on. His hands are shaking. Fletcher CLAPS, st FLETCHER (CONT’D) Not my tempo. Switch. Carl gets back on. Fletcher CLAPS, stops yet again-- FLETCHER (CONT’D) Not my FUCKING tempo! !!! He turns to the rest of the band. Rubs his eyes, breathes then, trying to keep calm but his face already beet-red.. FLETCHER (CONT’D) Ok... Sorry about this, gang, hate to put you through it. But rest your arms, put aside your instruments, if you need to take a dump do it now, ‘cause I am going to go for as long as it takes until I find a drummer who can play in time. (to the drummers--) You hear me talking, cocksuckers? You'd better start shitting me perfect 400’s. Connolly. You first. Get on the kit.
46) 1) dialog: Motherfucking COCKSUCKER!!! Is--
47) 1) dialog: --that the fastest you can go?? It is no fucking wonder Mommy ran out on you, you worthless acne-scarred fetal-position Hymie fuck. GET OFF!!! Andrew -- whole body shaking, had been playing for half a hour straight -- gets off the kit, struggling for breath, hands coated with torn blisters and blood. Fletcher's rag unlike anything we’ve seen from him: pained, vengeful... Carl gets on the kit. Fletcher CLAPS. The clock: 11:06. FLETCHER (CONT’D) Well what do we have here? Gay Pride himself. This is not a Sinead O’Connor concert, Tanner. I am sorry to inform you we will not be serving Baked Alaska and Cosmopolitans tonight. Now why don’t you try playing faster than you give fucking hand jobs?? One! One! One! One! OFF THE
47) 3) dialog: Now we got ourselves our mick fucking paddy- cracker. Did you know you look like a fucking leprechaun? I think I’1l call you Flannery.
49) 1) dialog: Switch! Carl stops playing. Almost falls as he gets off the kit. takes his place -- just as worn out. As soon as he sits d at the set he has to bend down to catch his breath. FLETCHER (CONT’D) It is not Saint fucking Patrick’s Day, Flannery, there is not a pot of gold under your fucking seat. Play. Fletcher CLAPS. Ryan plays, muscles cramping, can’t keep
49) 2) dialog: Switch! Ryan stops, gasping. Fletcher’s eyes land... ...ON ANDREW. Face awash in sweat, hair dripping, muscles throbbing, wrists red, hands caked in blood, T-shirt clin to his chest. This is it...
49) 4) dialog: Let’s see if we can finally bring this home. He CLAPS. Andrew begins. FLETCHER (CONT’D) Don’t slow down. Andrew tries, the tempo slips... So fast, so loud...
49) 5) dialog: Speed up! God-fucking-damnit I said SPEED
49) 7) text: Andrew's arms are moving as fast as they possibly can, hi feet like triggers -- and his ears start RINGING now, the RINGING cutting and almost drowning out the other sounds. Fletcher, fire-eyed, turns around and goes into the neare CLOSET. Emerges with a COWBELL and a STICK. Comes closer BANGS ON IT in time. The SOUND slices through the RINGING startles Andrew, this stick whacking down inches from his
49) 8) dialog: Don't stop!! 62 Pink (9/10/2013) 65 Andrew doesn't stop. Manages to glare forward, with what almost seems like hatred in his tired, blood-shot eyes... FLETCHER (CONT’D) Faster!... Faster! ! (Andrew speeds up) Do it! Do it! Do it! Do it! Do it! Do it! One! One! One! One! One! One! One! One!
49) 10) text: Andrew slips, almost loses the beat. Fletcher GRABS the F TOM DRUM and HURLS it through the air, against the neares wall. It RAMS into the concrete, handles buckling. But An stays focused. Doesn’t cry.
49) 12) dialog: 
49) 14) dialog: 
50) 0) text: It’s 3:30am. The PLAYERS stagger out of the building. Zom Andrew appears, red-eyed, past exhaustion. Fletcher emerg 63 64 Pink (9/10/2013) 66
50) 1) dialog: 5pm call tomorrow. Leave at least two hours from New York this time. Save your travel receipts. Or don’t, I don’t give a fuck.
58) 0) text: Andrew arrives, panting. Fletcher glares, the band behind
58) 1) dialog: Glad you could work us into your schedule, darling.
58) 3) dialog: Too late. Connolly’s playing. Andrew looks over to his left -- to Ryan.
58) 5) dialog: Come again?
58) 7) dialog: Actually it’s my part. I decide who I lend it to.
58) 9) dialog: I see the folder for a change, but I don’t see the sticks. Andrew is about to counter -- when he looks down. Looks b Thinks. Realizes... Skin paling, his heart racing...
58) 11) dialog: Nope. I’m warming the band up now.
58) 13) dialog: You lost the part, Neiman. Pink (9/10/2013) 70
58) 15) dialog: 
58) 18) dialog: Earned? You've never earned a thing. The only reason you're a fucking core is because you misplaced a folder. The only reason you’re in Studio Band is because I told you what I’d be asking for in Nassau.
58) 22) dialog: You realize I can cut you anytime I feel.
58) 24) dialog: Try me you weasel. At 5:30, that’s in eleven minutes, my band is on-stage. You're not there with your own sticks, or you show up and make a single mistake -- a single one -- and I’1l send you back to Nassau Band to turn pages until you graduate or drop out. For extra kicks, I'll spread the word on just how you became a Studio Band core, and by the time my sewing circle is done you'll make your dad look like a success story. (lets that linger, then, ) Or I can give “Johnny Utah” the part and we'll leave it at that. Your choice.
58) 29) dialog: That’s 10 minutes 50 seconds left, you pathetic pansy-ass fruit-fuck. Andrew turns. Bumps into Ryan, PUSHES him out of the way,
62) 0) text: Dashes in from backstage. The PLAYERS have taken their pl finished tuning, are about to perform. Andrew sees Fletch Fletcher sees him. Hiding his arm behind his stick bag--
62) 7) dialog: The fuck are you doing...??? Andrew keeps playing. But the PAIN is harder and harder t ignore. His snare drum completely smeared in red now, his stick stained, his whole arm shaking. And that RINGING -- growing and growing, drowning out everything else... He looks at the SHEET MUSIC, suddenly lost... The horns b out a hit -- but Andrew isn’t on it. Fuck. Launches into fill -- and hits the crash at the wrong time. Fletcher stares at him. The look says it all: it’s over. Andrew keeps fighting. Another missed hit, then a missed signature change, the beat falling apart beneath his feet chaos, and then, finally, the sign of death -- Andrew STO 75 76 78 Pink (9/10/2013) 716 Almost immediately, the rest of the band grinds to a halt a horrible sound, like a car screeching, nails on a chalk Fletcher stands in place, eyes on Andrew. In fact, all ey on Andrew. The theater is dead-silent. Disbelief everywhe Calmly, Fletcher approaches Andrew and whispers one last FLETCHER (CONT’D) You're done. Then he turns around. Andrew start shaking, his eyes brim -- and, suddenly, something takes over inside. Almost des himself, he RISES -- and KICKS OVER THE DRUMS. Cymbals CRASH to the wooden stage-floor like bombs. Andre CHARGES forward -- and, just as Fletcher turns to him, TA the man to the ground... Andrew goes absolutely batshit crazy on Fletcher, murder eyes... Raises his fists, about to POUND into Fletcher's when SECURITY GUARDS yank him off, pulling him away in a Torn from his target, Andrew breaks down into TEARS. Ever thing inside him spilling out like water. Fletcher, stunn uninjured, gets back on his feet. His shirt drips with bl not his own, but Andrew’s. A SECURITY GUARD rushes onto t scene, and Andrew, kicking and screaming, is DRAGGED OFF. We linger inside the theater. A hush over the audience, t players and their instruments. And then, a card: Final Competition of the Winter Season
68) 0) text: -.-and steps inside. It’s a genteel venue. On the stage, DRUMS, BONGOS -- and, at the piano, FLETCHER. The mere sight gets Andrew’s pulse racing. But he stays p Watches... The quartet is pacing its way through FLETCHER SONG IN CLUB, and Fletcher is playing the final head. He' exceedingly delicate, gentle with each keystroke, his fin moving like ballerinas. His playing is soft, subtle, and exquisite. He plays the melody as though moved by it. Andrew is surprised by this... Stays in the back, behind last table. The song comes to a close. Fletcher smiles, l and then freezes. His eyes locked on Andrew. He has seen Andrew blanches, takes a step back, hurries for the exit. there's a PERSON blocking the way. Tries to squeeze throu
68) 2) dialog: Neiman. Andrew stops. Turns. Fletcher is standing right there. A of silence. Andrew is pale. But Fletcher's face is a blan
69) 0) text: A table in the corner. Fletcher and Andrew seated. They s have been sitting here in silence for some time. Two drin stand between them. Untouched. The other band members on- play JAZZ CLUB BLUES, a new PIANIST on the keys and a SAXOPHONIST added as well. Finally-- Pink (9/10/2013) 85
69) 1) dialog: So what are you up to these days, Andrew?
69) 4) dialog: You shouldn’t be. A player’s got to be willing to fight. Andrew looks at him. FLETCHER (CONT’D) You played with a broken bone. After crashing a car. That’s insane.
69) 6) dialog: Good thing you’re not in that place anymore. A beat. Then -- Fletcher seems distracted. By people CLAP ALONG to the band... FLETCHER (CONT’D) Have you ever noticed it’s never the people with rhythm who clap along? He starts CLAPPING loudly, in the proper tempo. Leans ove the table next to his, where a COUPLE is clapping off-bea starts CLAPPING in their faces. Then sits back down.
69) 7) dialog: I don’t know if you know... I don’t teach anymore.
69) 9) dialog: -..No, not exactly. He looks at Andrew. A moment of tension. Does he know...? Pink (9/10/2013) 86 FLETCHER (CONT’D) A couple parents got a kid from Sean Casey's year... I don’t know who, I think maybe a bassist... They got him to say a few things about me... That much I know... (Andrew tries to hide his relief) Though why anyone would have anything but honey and sugar to say about me is a mystery. Andrew laughs. Seems the mood has lightened. FLETCHER (CONT’D) That’s a good laugh, huh?
69) 11) dialog: No, it’s ok -- I know I’ve made some enemies. Maybe I seem to think my style is normal, but believe me, I don’t. A moment. Fletcher finally takes a sip of his drink. FLETCHER (CONT’D) I’m conducting some, though. They’re bringing back the JVC Fest this year, got me opening with a pro band in two weeks.
69) 13) dialog: (earns) It’s ok... Then, looking off for a moment-- FLETCHER (CONT’D) The truth is I don’t think people understand what it is I did at Shaffer. I wasn’t there to conduct. Any idiot can move his hands and keep people in tempo. No, it’s about pushing people beyond what's expected of them. And I believe that is a necessity. Because without it you’re depriving the world of its next Armstrong. Its next Parker. (pause) Why did Charlie Parker become Charlie Parker, Andrew? Pink (9/10/2013) 87 Beat. Andrew is surprised. He’s told this story himself.
69) 15) dialog: Exactly. Young kid, pretty good on the sax, goes up to play his solo ina cutting session, fucks up -- and Jones comes this close to slicing his head off for it. He’s laughed off-stage. Cries himself to sleep that night. But the next morning, what does he do? He practices. And practices and practices. With one goal in mind: that he never ever be laughed off-stage again. A year later he goes back to the Reno, and he plays the best motherfucking solo the world had ever heard.
69) 16) text: Andrew smiles. Nods. Finally -- unlike his uncles, his co even his father -- someone who gets it. FLETCHER (CONT’D) Now imagine if Jones had just patted young Charlie on the head and said “Good job.” Charlie would've said to himself, “Well, shit, I did do a good job,” and that'd be that. No Bird. Tragedy, right? Except that’s just what people today want. The Shaffer Conservatories of the world, they want sugar. You don’t even say “cutting session” anymore, do you? No, you say “jam session”. What the fuck kind of word is that? Jam session? It’s a cutting session, Andrew, this isn’t fucking Smucker’s. It’s about weeding out the best from the worst so that the worst become better than the best. (beat) I mean look around you. $25 drinks, mood lighting, a little shrimp cocktail to go with your Coltrane. And people wonder why jazz is dying. (then, ) Take it from me, and every Starbucks jazz album only proves my point. There are no two words more harmful in the entire English language than “good job”. Beat. He leans back. Lets his words linger. Andrew thinks Pink (9/10/2013) 88
69) 18) dialog: No. Because the next Charlie Parker would never be discouraged. Andrew takes this in. A moment...
69) 20) dialog: Not really. Here and there... The playing never interested me. I never wanted to be Charlie Parker. I wanted to be the man who made Charlie Parker. The man who discovered some scrawny kid, pushed him, prodded him, shaped him into something great -- and then said to the world, “Check this out. The best motherfucking solo you've ever heard.”
69) 22) dialog: Sean... Sean was a sweet kid... And with all those idiots saying “This isn’t for you”, Sean did something great. Very few people ever get that chance... Looks off. Looks at the musicians on-stage... FLETCHER (CONT’D) But no... Not Sean Casey. (then, as he thinks about this, ) The truth is I don’t know if I ever had a Charlie Parker... (and then, ) But I tried. And that’s more than most people can say, Andrew. I tried. And even if I never find one, I will never apologize for trying. 94 Pink (9/10/2013) 89 He’s silent. A look of disappointment. Then, he points to the PIANIST on-stage... FLETCHER (CONT’D) He’s a beautiful player, isn’t he?
70) 0) text: Andrew and Fletcher exit. They stand for a second. Look a one another. An awkward silence.
70) 2) dialog: Look. I don’t know how you’1l take this. That band I’m leading for JVC -- our drummer isn’t cutting it. (Andrew looks at him blankly...) Do you understand...?
70) 4) dialog: I’m using the Studio Band playlist. “Whiplash”, “Caravan”. I need a replacement who already knows those charts inside out. Andrew looks at him. You can’t be serious...
70) 6) dialog: What about him? All he was was your incentive.
70) 10) dialog: He switched to pre-med. (and with a hint of a smile) I think he got discouraged. Andrew is speechless now. Is this really happening? FLETCHER (CONT’D) We're rehearsing next Tuesday. Why don’t you take the weekend to think about it? Andrew takes it all in. WE PUSH in on him, processing... slowly but surely, his shock and uncertainty harden befor eyes -- into resolution... This is something to seize on.
72) 0) text: An empty theater. It’s one of Carnegie Hall’s theaters -- bigger and far sleeker than any of the theaters Studio Ba played. Ceiling decked with lights, capacity 1200. On the stage, rehearsing, is a JAZZ ORCHESTRA. Similar set-up to Studio Band, the PLAYERS all young pros except, of course, Andrew, the youngest of all. 97 98 Pink (9/10/2013) 91 The chart is WHIPLASH JVC REHEARSAL, and the band sounds The players reach the end -- and Fletcher looks at his wa Composed, even mild.
72) 1) dialog: Rest up, gang. Call-time Sunday is 6. (and, as he heads off, ) Andrew. (Andrew turns) Good job. Andrew takes this in. The latest in a long line of surprises... The PLAYERS pack up. Andrew, trying to work past his shyness--—
74) 0) text: Andrew emerging from a SUBWAY STATION. Murmuring to himse tapping on his knees. The clock’s ticking... He checks his phone, picks up speed, almost breaks into a The DRUMMING BUILDS, he goes FASTER and FASTER, until, finally -- -- as the DRUMMING CUTS OUT -- -- he comes to a sudden stop. He’s standing right in front of CARNEGIE HALL. A giant ba hangs above the main steps: “JVC IN NYC: JAZZ!" And, keep out of sight -- -- Fletcher. Strolling up the side-steps around the corne hidden from the crowd. Andrew sees him. Follows. 105
79) 0) text: Andrew and the Studio Band listen to Fletcher's speech.
79) 1) dialog: Alright, gang, listen up! 15 seconds to get into places. For those of you who are new to this, it’s very simple: do well tonight, and the world will open up for you. The folks out there, they make a phone call and you’re a Lincoln Center core. Or a Blue Note signee. Or an EMC client. Drop the ball, and I'd suggest switching careers -- because the other thing about those cats is they never forget. Andrew takes this in. Beat. A STAGE HAND appears, waves. FLETCHER (CONT’D) On that note -- break a leg. The PLAYERS proceed on-stage. Andrew takes a deep breath, tries to keep his cool, and, counting in his head, walks forward -- 106 Pink (9/10/2013) 96
80) 0) text: The stage is decked in blue lights. The instruments gleam Beyond it, a yawning expanse of black. The audience... An hush, an undercurrent of murmurs and whispers gathering steam, as each PLAYER takes to the stage, one by one... Then -- APPLAUSE. 1200 people’s worth of applause. Fletch appears, taking his spot, smiling. The applause swells up And then -- Fletcher turns around to face Andrew. He star at_him for what seems like a full minute. Comes up to him making as though helping him position a microphone over t drum kit, and, leaning in, quietly, discreetly, menacingl
80) 1) dialog: It was you. The lights shift. Blue to bright, harsh, near-blinding ye It's showtime. Andrew is completely still.
80) 3) dialog: (then, leaning in even closer,) Why do you think I invited you here? I’ve known it was you all along. Beat. He lets it sink in. Retreats to his spot, smiling a Andrew. Then, off Andrew’s paralyzed stare, he turns to t audience. They APPLAUD. A few seconds later...silence. Th FLETCHER (CONT’D) Good evening, ladies and gentlemen. We’re going to start things off with an old favorite of mine. Andrew, his heart in his throat, looks at his sheet music “WHIPLASH”. Holds his sticks tight, but his hands are now slippery with sweat... Fletcher waits. More silence... FLETCHER (CONT’D) It’s called “Upswingin’”. ON ANDREW. What? Andrew turns to his left and catches a glimpse of the SAXOPHONISTS’ sheet music. Written on the top: “UPSWINGIN turns right, sees the BASSIST’s music. Ditto. He looks ah And there's Fletcher -- staring right back at him. And sm Pink (9/10/2013) 97 Andrew turns around. Has to stop this. Can’t ruin it for other PLAYERS -- but Fletcher has already raised his hand the cue. Andrew rises from his seat -- when the BASSIST glares at him: What are you doing? And just then -- withi that same split-second -- -- Fletcher’s index finger bends down. The cue. The BAND EXPLODES into UPSWINGIN’. Horns blasting, saxes wailing -- fast, furious, half-Latin and half-swing. Andr doesn’t even play at first -- doesn’t want to destroy thi glares quickly follow, and he has no choice... He plays. Trains his ears to try to stay on target... But time signature is impossible to get a firm grip on... He misses a fill... Then the time signature changes... He ca keep up... Then the band gives way to rubato piano... He late... Then the band surges back in... He comes in late. He’s driving completely blind.
80) 7) dialog: I guess you don’t have it. Andrew is still in his seat. Tears stinging his cheeks...
82) 13) dialog: (to the audience) Thank you... For our final number we’re bringing it back to Ellington. This is “Caravan”. But then, before Fletcher can even turn back around -- le cue the band -- Andrew launches into a double-time Latin.
82) 14) text: Alone, his stick beating away at the ride cymbal, setting tempo for the rest of the band. Everyone looks at him. Wh the fuck...? He has started on his own, before any cue, beating the drums as though vengefully. Fletcher glares at him. Who the fuck do you think you are Andrew just keeps playing. Knows exactly what he’s doing not about to be stopped. Building in his eyes -- that sam coiled rage... To the BASSIST--
82) 17) dialog: I will gouge out your eyes you motherfucker. --but Andrew promptly DROWNS HIM OUT with a crash cymbal Another “fuck you”. Fletcher’s words only seem to strengt The band roars into overdrive, the brass blasting away, A giving everything he’s got. Fletcher steps back. Andrew j keeps looking straight ahead at him. Unafraid now. A mach SOLOS begin... TROMBONE is up first... WE MOVE IN CLOSE t Andrew... He looks at his right arm... It’s still going.. himself seems surprised. He takes a chance -- plays a tri fill. Nails it. Goes again -- the off-beat hi-hat accent tripped him up in his first Studio Band rehearsal. Nails The audience is silent... No murmurs this time... Back to Andrew... WE DRIFT DOWN TO HIS FEET... His right foot fea the bass drum so fast all we can see is a blur... WE DRIFT BACK UP... His left hand... Notes popping on the snare, the toms... Both his arms battered but utterly determined, as though with minds of their own... He breat breathes, beating against his fears, his doubts... He’s in control, pouring himself into his drums -- and it sight to behold. Like a master dancer, movements so fast precise, brash yet elegant... Violent, frenetic playing, there’s something gorgeous about it... WE DRIFT TO FLETCHER... Still glaring at Andrew -- but hi face now says one thing and one thing only: This is playi he has never seen before. Pink (9/10/2013) 102 The brass starts giving way to drum breaks... And Andrew makes of each break a stunner... His double-stroke rolls roaring across the toms, his feet and legs switching rhyt meters, tempos, then careening back into place... All lim moving in a sustained frenzy, sweat splashing, mouth open eyes blazing, the whole set vibrating, then shaking, look like it’s about to explode... Fletcher turns an inch toward the AUDIENCE... Sees them transfixed...
82) 20) text: band is finished. Except, that is, for the drums. Andrew’s still playing, launching into an extended solo... Fletcher looks at him. Confused now. Goes up to the drums FLETCHER (CONT’D) Andrew -- Andrew--
82) 26) dialog: Take it back to the snare... Andrew considers this. It’s a good idea. He moves back to snare... FLETCHER (CONT’D) Slow... (Andrew does as suggested) Single-stroke... Andrew nods again... Slowly simmers the beat down... Lets hi-hat hang open for a moment... Everything goes quiet... Silence for a second... You can feel the hush, the anticipation, that indescribable electricity in the air.. Fletcher looks at Andrew, looks at his sticks, face brimm with hope now... Andrew begins a series of slow, clean sn hits... Right stroke, left stroke, right, left... FLETCHER (CONT’D) Up... Up... Andrew nods... Ever so gradually builds up the pace... Ri left, right, left... Builds up the pace some more... Righ left, right, left... Keeps going... Speeds up more, a hai a time... Right, left... Speeds up more.. Right, left... Fletcher stands there, nodding, focused, like a coach at critical moment. Waves his hand, pushing Andrew on... Pink (9/10/2013) 105 Andrew builds the tempo more, right, left, right, left, t strokes blurring into each other, the whole thing soundin like the fire of a machine gun, like what we heard in the beginning... Right-left-right-left-right-left... And, before we know it, we can no longer make out the individual strokes. They’re so fast that all we can hear single SOUND, sustained and growing in volume...
82) 27) dialog: Come on... Come on... Andrew, goaded on, builds the volume. His single-stroke r swelling, taking over the entire theater...
82) 28) dialog: Come _on...!! Come on!!! Andrew builds it further... Going beyond what even he’d planned for himself -- his arms like machines, the single stroke roll building steam and power and pinning the audi in their seats... Fletcher raising his hands, beckoning Andrew forward... He and the drummer working together, pl and conductor, competitor and coach... Andrew moves to the toms, then back to the snare, then ba The bass drum and hi-hat next, every part of the set join every limb, every component, everything building up, up, It’s unlike anything we’ve ever seen... Andrew tearing a through the stage, his heartbeat racing, the sweat pourin him like a waterfall, blood gushing from his hands and st the cymbals and drum-heads... Everything a BLUR... Then -- a BLAST OF SEPARATED SNARE HITS -- and then -- An CHOKES the crash cymbal. A second of pure silence. Fletcher looks at Andrew. Andrew looks at Fletcher. And t Fletcher turns to the band, raises his hand... ...and CUES THE FINAL NOTE. The whole band roars it out, horns hitting their highest and Andrew rolling around his drum set like a madman, cym and snare and toms and the entire apparatus about to burs WE DIVE IN CLOSE TO HIM, his instrument, his sticks, his all sweat and eyes about to pop, the next Buddy Rich, the Charlie Parker -- Fletcher's only Charlie Parker -- decki the stage with a climactic crash of cymbals right as, on very last hit of hits, we-- SMASH CUT TO BLACK.