64) 0) text: RACHEL BORNHOLDT -- lawyer, elegantly dressed -- sits acr from Andrew, Jim to the side. There’s a glass of white wi Jim, a club soda for Rachel, and an untouched water for A A moment of silence. Finally--
64) 1) dialog: Andrew...? Andrew remains silent for a moment. Then--
64) 4) dialog: (interrupting) Does the name Sean Casey mean anything to you? Andrew looks back at Rachel. A moment. Warily, he nods. RACHEL BORNHOLDT (CONT’D) So you know of his death? Last month he hung himself in his apartment. Andrew takes this in. Fletcher had said it was a car acci
64) 6) dialog: Sean suffered from anxiety and depression. His mother claims this started during his time as Fletcher’s student. Andrew looks at her. Rachel can tell he’s surprised. A moment passes. RACHEL BORNHOLDT (CONT’D) Now, the Caseys aren’t wealthy. They don’t want to file suit.
64) 8) dialog: To make sure Terence Fletcher is never allowed to do this to another student.
64) 10) dialog: So President Kohn and Dean Pence will tell you. To them, Fletcher is Shaffer. (MORE)
64) 12) dialog: But if they think we have a case like this and can win in court, they’1ll have no choice but to let him go before we do. Beat. Andrew looks at her. Then at his dad.
64) 15) dialog: Would you characterize his conduct as extreme, Andrew? Did he ever intentionally inflict emotional distress? Still Andrew doesn’t respond. Feels his dad’s stare on him as well now. RACHEL BORNHOLDT (CONT’D) (trying to persuade--) This would not be a public hearing, you know... Fletcher would never know it was you who spoke up. Andrew looks at the glass of water in front of him. Untou
64) 17) dialog: Shaffer will do anything to prevent this from going to court. Yours won’t be the first complaint, but I think it’1l tip the balance. You’re recent.
64) 19) dialog: Some -- but you guys are walls.
64) 21) dialog: You have nothing to gain from Fletcher anymore. A beat. Andrew turns his eyes to his dad. Anger in his ga
64) 25) dialog: ...Andrew? Andrew can barely hear her... Defeated, his soul split in two... Finally -- he gives up