36) 0) text: We're on perhaps the MOST BEAUTIFUL STREET in all of Fran the Cours Mirabeau in the town of Aix. Outdoor cafes line the sides of the street, while a canop interlocking trees covers everything.  Now we're - MOVING DOWN THE STREET, towards a CAFE, where a DAPPER GENT sits sipping a mineral water.  The Gent has a SATCHEL at his f Now - A JEEP pulls up to a nearby corner and idles in neutral.  The Dapper Gent throws some bills on the table gets up, crossing to - The Jeep.  A door opens, and the Dapper Gent, carrying his satchel, gets into the jeep, wh drives off as we -
37) 0) text: Gregor and the Dapper Gent drive in silence for minute, d the length of the Cours Mirabeau.
37) 2) text: It's a beautiful street, no? The Dapper Gent also has an accent, a much thicker one th Gregor's; it's an accent that places the Gent as a reside of what used to be called the Soviet Union.
37) 3) dialog: (he can't wait any longer)
37) 6) dialog: This is important.
37) 8) dialog: You know it is. Gregor, still driving, takes out a SILENCED PISTOL, and t Dapper Gent reaches for his own piece.
37) 12) dialog: What are you doing, have you lost your mind?!? Gregor pulls the trigger, as he does so the Dapper Gent j his arm, and we hear the soft thwpfft of the silenced sho just as the shot goes off - Missing its mark, harmlessly shooting into a tree, causing a SINGLE LEAF to float to t ground behind the playing children.  Nobody notices a thi BEAT.  The Dapper Gent is visibly shaken, because there i doubt that Gregor would have killed the Girl if the Gent hadn't ruined his aim.
37) 13) dialog: Why did you do that?
39) 1) dialog: (squirming)
39) 2) text: Enough!  We've been driving for an hour, where is my package? Gregor smiles -- he's been waiting for this.  He pulls th jeep over and looks at the Dapper Gent.
39) 4) dialog: (incredulous)
39) 7) dialog: I can't believe you'd do that, Gregor.  I thought I trained you better than that. With a laugh the Dapper Gent hands his satchel to Gregor, whose eyes literally dance with the prospect of his rewar He can't help himself, he opens the satchel and there it COLD HARD CASH in large bills, enough for Gregor to live a prince for quite some time.  Gregor sucks in an involun breath and then looks back up to see - The Dapper Gent ha reached for the Briefcase.  Instead he's taken out his gu and it's only inches from Gregor's head.
39) 8) dialog: I've never particularly liked you either, Gregor. The Dapper Gent yanks out the Briefcase, and as he does - THE SEVERED HAND comes whipping out along with it, still attached by the handcuff chain.  The Hand flies up in the Dapper Gent's face, and we notice that the Hand is starti to rot -- it's bloated and swelling and horrific and it scares the shit out of the Dapper Gent, who drops his gun fumbles with the Briefcase as - THWPFFT...we hear the sou of another silenced shot as we -
40) 0) text: A DARK STAIN splashes against the passenger side window o the jeep.  Seconds later - The door swings open, and the Dapper Gent's body plunks out onto the ground.  A moment later, something wet and viscous plops down on the face o the Gent as the jeep drives off.  Now - We HOLD FOR A BEA the Dapper Gent's dead body, which lies in the silver moonlight, blood running out from beneath him, while the Severed Hand palms the Gent's face, fingers splayed out around his head.  Now - We HEAR the sound of PHONE TONES. And not just any phone...