6) 2) text: Yes? ANOTHER ANGLE - And we see a woman named DEIRDRE on the phone: striking, dark-haired, Irish.  She carries herself with the same professional edge as the men inside the bar Deirdre listens for a moment to the voice on the other en and before she speaks she sense something - A SILHOUETTE stands in the shadows of the bar, watching Deirdre.  She gives this silhouette a measure glance before speaking, h hand creeping ever so slightly towards her coat.
6) 3) dialog: Can I help you? The silhouette steps into a POOL OF LIGHT.  This is SAM. Tough, lean, enigmatic.  Somebody you might trust, but wh you'd never cross.  Sam returns her look before he speaks
6) 5) dialog: I'm here... (a beat, responding to a question)
8) 0) text: THE PAY PHONE makes a sharp noise as it's cracked back in the cradle.  Deirdre stands at the phone booth, lost in thought.  Then, without warning - Deirdre spins around, pulling TWO GUNS from inside her coat.  The move is fast, performed with the grace of a professional killer, as Der scans the horizon, but nobody seems to be watching.  Deir pockets her guns and steps into the shadows of the street the better to watch - THE BAR - And as Deirdre watches the bar we watch her. PULLING BACK from Deirdre, UP INTO THE AIR and then MOVIN
9) 0) text: LOOKING THROUGH A WINDOW, donw onto the street below.  Ba visible we can see Deirdre.  And staring at Deirdre - THE WATCHER.  Somebody we're going to see periodically throug the movie.  Right now he's only a SILHOUETTE with a well- defined PAIR OF HANDS.  And in those hands - A KNIFE.  As Watcher watches he slowly cleans his nail with the knife, methodically, perfectly.  And he watches.  First Deirdre, then turning his attention to THE BAR.  He's especially interested in the bar.
10) 28) text: Anybody tries to unpleasant me I'll put two between his eyes -- one to do the job and the other to make sure it takes. From OFF SCREEN we hear a new sound: LAUGHTER.  ANOTHER A Deirdre has entered the bar, and she's amused by this las exchange.
10) 29) dialog: It's good to see you've all got such faith in our little undertaking.
10) 31) dialog: (staring at Larry)
10) 32) text: The name is Deirdre, and I'm running this show.
10) 34) dialog: (with a brittle laugh)
10) 35) text: Not likely.  Once, yeah, I was -- but there wasn't an inch of profit in it, and I'm a cash oriented girl, if you take my meaning.  I'm a hired gun, same as the rest of you, and that's all any of us needs to know about the other. Deirdre hands out several thick envelopes.  Larry and Swe open theirs and stare at the wads of Franc Notes stuffed inside.  Even Gregor cracks his envelope and peaks at his money.  But neither Vincent nor Sam takes a look.
10) 36) dialog: From here on in you want something you pay cash for it: no credit cards, no bank accounts are in place: ten percent up front, the rest when the job is done. (a quick beat, then she looks at Gregor)
10) 40) dialog: You were a soldier, were you?
10) 43) dialog: (she turns to Vincent)
10) 49) dialog: (to Vincent)
11) 14) dialog: Is it alright? ANOTHER ANGLE - Deirdre sits nearby, looking at the cell phone.
11) 16) dialog: Good, because it cost enough.  There's cheaper phones by far than that one, man: you better fucking use it.
11) 19) dialog: You sure about this?
11) 21) dialog: But would you stake your life, that's the question...
11) 29) text: Who you calling dumb, dickless? Both men eyeball one another, and then suddenly Larry rea for his piece, and as soon as he does this Swede does the same thing, but before they can do anything - DEIRDRE'S G swings INTO FRAME, smashing Swede in the face and droppin him to the floor.  Larry's mouth drops open in surprise, it's too late: Deirdre kicks him in the stomach and then rabbit punches him in the back of the neck, driving him t the ground.
11) 30) dialog: (standing above them)
11) 31) text: Next one of you fuckers plays this game I'm going to do for you myself.  I won't say it again: we don't have time for this shit!  There's a clock running on this job, gentlemen, and I mean to be on schedule. A TENSE MOMENT as Deirdre stares down at these tough guys letting them know who's in charge.  A SOUND from OFF SCRE interrupts this moment: a DOOR opening, as we see - Vince who stands in the door, wearing his coat and hat. He's been out somewhere, and he looks first at the squabb men, and then at - Deirdre.  She gives Vincent a little n a silent command that makes Vincent turn to Sam.
17) 6) dialog: What'd you do with the money?
18) 0) text: Vincent and Sam sit with Deirdre in a room, alone.  They' told her about the park, and she seems a little pissed ab all of this.
18) 2) dialog: (a little annoyed)
18) 5) dialog: (with an exhalation of disgust)
18) 11) dialog: (barely stopping, very snappish)
20) 0) text: Sam has pushed all the furniture aside to make enough roo do a martial arts form.  Right now he's frozen, one leg extended in a kick, balancing on the other leg.  Now - A KNOCK at his door -- seconds later, it opens.  Deirdre st there, watching as Sam holds his position for a BEAT more and then retracts his leg.
20) 1) dialog: I feel as if I've wandered onto the set of Enter The Dragon.  Could you teach me to do that?
20) 3) dialog: I still am.
20) 5) dialog: That's right. Deirdre spings at Sam, throwing martial arts combinations him: punch followed by kick, elbow strike followed by pal thrust.  Sam parries her blows as she drives him across t floor until he's got his back to the wall.  Their movemen are controlled, but powerful, and there's something almos flirtatious about the whole thing.  Now - Deirdre throws one last punch which Sam ducks.  He slips behind her and suddenly they square off in earnest.  The previous martial arts stuff was a kind of choreographed exercise, but now - They spar for real -- they never hit another, but they come awfully close, hands and feet whiz through the air, throwing rapid-fire combinations and techniques.  They're not angry, but they're not kidding, either.  Finally - Deirdre feints a punch that distracts Sam's attention from - The KICK she throws right behind h punch, and she smiles as - WHUMP!  Sam wasn't distracted all -- he drops to the ground beneath her kick and catche her standing leg with a sweep which takes her to the grou and now - She's trapped beneath him.  The two of them are breathing hard from the exertion, their faces close to on another, shining with sweat and excitement and - We've go from flirting to an almost primal seduction, and with the faces only inches apart Deirdre leans in to kiss Sam, and he's about to meet her half way when he pulls back.
20) 7) dialog: (kissing him very lightly)
20) 11) dialog: I probably do. (pulling him close)
21) 0) text: Deirdre and Sam are not the only ones indulging in extracurricular activities.  Up here in this rooftop gard we find Swede and Gregor talking in hushed tones.
23) 0) text: Deirdre is pulling her dress over her head.  Sam seems to sleeping in his bed as she moves like a cat towards the d when - Sam's HAND reaches out, gently yet firmly, and takes her the arm.
23) 2) dialog: Look, Sam, don't take it the wrong way when I tell you we won't be doing this again.
23) 4) dialog: (almost surprised by this)
23) 10) dialog: Exactly.  And last night I wanted to be with someone who was just like me. Somewhere in all of this Deirdre has sat back down on the bed, and somehow now she's only inches away from Sam. They're lips brush and - A MUTED PHONE RINGS in a nearby room, breaking the moment QUICK BEAT, then -
23) 11) dialog: I better be getting that.
23) 13) dialog: (with a trace of a sigh)
23) 14) text: Just business. Deirdre gives Sam a light kiss on the lips and then she o his door.  The muted phone is a little louder now.  Deird closes Sam's door as she exits, but - Sam reaches out a h and catches the door right before it snaps shut.  He watc THROUGH THE DOOR CRACK as - Deirdre cross the hall and opens the door to her room, and now the phone rings loudl until the door shuts, muting the sound once again, shutti Sam out.  The phone stops ringing as Deirdre answers and this happens Sam shuts his door and as the door closes we to - BLACK.  Just for a second.  And then - BLINDING SUN us in the eyes as we find ourselves above -
25) 2) dialog: Now then, let's run through it one more time, shall we? (to Gregor)
25) 5) dialog: (to Larry)
25) 9) dialog: (to Swede)
25) 18) dialog: Leaving...
25) 21) dialog: (with a quick look at Sam)
25) 24) text: ...While I back him up, making sure to get the package if something goes wrong and somebody takes Swede down. Nobody else seems to notice this look between them, but w should -- if only to note that there's something about th way Deirdre queries Sam about his role, and something abo the way Sam answers her without overly reacting -- they'r not flirting, but there's a kind of acknowledgment of the history they now have between them.  But -- nobody else notices, and Swede's line follows Sam's without breaking flow of the dialogue.
25) 26) dialog: And then...
25) 28) dialog: And then...
25) 30) dialog: Very good.  Now all we have to do is live long enough to get paid.
27) 4) dialog: Alright, Gregor, I'm...
28) 2) text: Ready when you are... Gregor is sitting behind a console, looking at Deirdre's message, which we can read on his laptop.  Gregor also ha much bigger COMPUTER with him as well, and on this screen see - A COMPUTER GRAPHIC MAP OF NICE.  This is a map of incredible detail, a high-tech graphic rendering of Nice. Now - THE MAP starts to shift, randomly moving about the as it searches for the proper signal.  The computer isola an entire district of the city, enlarges a part of the district, and then locates and enlarges a single street. - On screen a FLASHING CURSOR appears on the map, the TAR The Cursor starts to move down one of the streets of Nice as we follow the Curson it TURNS INTO - THE TARGET CAR, driving home the point that Gregor is now locked onto the Target.  THE JAPANESE DRUMS we heard in the opening seque start to play again -- softly, ominously, and we're on -
32) 6) dialog: Hello gentlemen, are we ready?
33) 0) text: Deirdre looks at her laptop and relays Gregor's instructi She speaks over her headset as if she's conducting ordina business -- as if she's giving someone traffic directs over the phone.  The JAPANESE DRUMS continue, quiet and y intense.
33) 1) dialog: You want to take a left, then, so that you're going west. During this next sequence, the DRUMS will continue to pla building with the action as we do -
33) 10) text: He just...I don't believe that son-of- a... Vincent's Fiat comes peeling to a halt in front of them, Vincent and Deirdre inside it as Sam manages to get Larry into the back seat.  Sam doesn't get in the car yet as La says -
35) 5) dialog: Of course.
35) 8) dialog: (suddenly defensive)
35) 11) dialog: Well I don't!
35) 13) dialog: (suddenly feral) 
35) 20) text: ...put your guns down and chill out. A BEAT.  And then Vincent and Deirdre lower their weapons followed by Sam.
35) 24) dialog: (she hates to admit this)
35) 30) dialog: And you believed me? (passionately)
35) 34) dialog: Exactly.  Gregor, he was the Russian's man.  It was my people came up with the idea for this run, but the Russians who had the capital to finance it.  Gregor, he was their insurance, and I was ours. Everybody else was supposed to be neutral.  Gregor must've got to Swede...
35) 36) dialog: That's why you were riding with him.
35) 44) dialog: I bought it for him -- all the stuff he was using, it was in his contract.  Cost a nice penny, too, especially that goddamned phone: Gregor had expensive tastes.
35) 47) dialog: (finishing his sentence)
35) 48) text: That we're too stupid to trace his calls. Deirdre and Sam share the slightest of conspiratorial smi as they realize they're both thinking the same thought: t might still win this one.
42) 0) text: Larry snores on the couch, while Deirdre sleeps in a slee bag on the floor.  Vincent sits in a ratty easy chair, fe propped on an overturned crate, dozing lightly.  Suddenly Vincent's eyes open, warily, as if something has changed the room.  He looks around - No Sam.  Vincent gets up, ta out his gun, and silently gets to his feet.  He moves dow long hall and - No Sam.  Now, like a cat, Vincent moves i THE BATHROOM: pitch black.  He moves in, swipes the strin the overhead light and - nothing.  Nobody's here.  The on place left is the front door, and now Vincent approaches. opens the door, gun still at ready, and moves out into -
44) 27) dialog: Christ, I was starting to think that the two of you had thrown it in and walked away. (to Vincent)
46) 2) text: That I could be dead and I'd drive better than you. Deirdre is driving, and Larry -- much to his chagrin -- i the passenger seat, watching her every move.
46) 3) dialog: (very curt)
46) 13) dialog: If somebody else doesn't find him first.
48) 0) text: THE CITROEN is parked among a number of other cars.  Sam sleeping in the back seat, while Vincent is seen on an outdoor pay phone at the other end of the parking lot. Deirdre and Larry sit at a nearby picnic table, eating Fr fast food, which we get a good look at as we - PAN THE LE OF THE TABLE, which is covered with pasta, grilled sausag with dijon mustard, really good fried potatoes. In fact, everything that's on this table is so far beyond imagination of your average American truck driver that La can't contain himself.  He's stuffing himself, washing everything down with the wine which is also sold at these road-side rest stops.  Deirdre drinks coffee.
48) 3) dialog: (with a laugh)
48) 6) dialog: (everybody knows this)
48) 10) dialog: (with unconcealed scorn)
48) 13) dialog: I drink what every civilized man, woman and child in the world drinks: Guinness.
53) 0) text: THE CITROEN sits at a curb.  Larry sits behind the wheel the car, the getaway driver with the motor running.  Vinc and Deirdre are already walking towards the Theater.  Sam stays behind for a second to say something to Larry.
54) 20) dialog: Gregor's fine... CUT AWAY TO REVEAL: Deirdre - She's snuck up on the Gunmen, weapon drawn.
54) 35) text: Do you know who he is?  He's with Interpol, the Internation Police.  He's a cop. A SLOW MOTION BEAT. Vincent and Deirdre don't know what to make of this, thei heads turn to look at Sam, and in this instant - The Tour Group walks into their midst and - The 2nd Gunman reaches his piece and - Sam FIRES his gun at the 2nd Gunman, and the sharp report of the pistol we move back to REAL TIME, The Crowd panics, screaming, and now Edvard is reaching f his weapon, as - Sam shoots again, killing the 2nd Gunman and now - The Crowd is still screaming and running as - Gregor shoves through the crowd into the exit, as - Deirdre pushes through the crowd, and now she's made it i the tunnel.  Now we go -
54) 44) text: If you want to live you'll do exactly as I tell you. THROUGH THE BACK WINDOW - Deirdre appears, exiting the theater and running towards the Citroen as we go back to
56) 0) text: Deirdre has reached the Citroen.  She looks in and sees Seamus and Gregor.  Lastly she looks at the dead Larry. sighs in disgust, but otherwise doesn't react as if surprised.
56) 1) dialog: Cold cocking the poor son-of-a-bitch would have sufficed, Seamus, don't you think?
59) 0) text: where Gregor sits, bound and gagged in a chair, his eyes with fright.  Now - The Peephole snicks shut, and Deirdre turns to face Seamus Reilly.
59) 1) dialog: When we're done with this, I want to do for that one myself.
59) 3) dialog: And what's that supposed to mean, Seamus Reilly?
59) 5) dialog: So you thought that maybe I'd grown too attached to this charade I've been playing, is that it?
59) 7) dialog: Not to me, you know that.
59) 9) text: I thought I did. Seamus's taunt works: Deirdre whips out her gun and puts to his head.
59) 10) dialog: I guess you don't know me, then, if you think I won't kill you for an insult like that! Seamus glares at Deirdre for a moment, and she glares bac him until he starts to laugh.
59) 12) dialog: Remember what we agreed on, Seamus: when we get home, I don't play "the girl" again. Deirdre gives Seamus a look to make sure this last point clear and we -
65) 0) text: A BLACK COMPACT CAR sits in front of a Parisian Post Offi Inside the car, behind the wheel, we see Deirdre.  Now, coming out of the Post Office, we see - Gregor and Seamus Reilly.  Seamus has a coat slung over his arm, hiding the which he keeps pressed to Gregor's side.  There's no sign the Briefcase as Seamus and Gregor get into -
66) 0) text: THUNK!  The door slams shut.  Gregor and Seamus are in th back seat.  Almost instantly Seamus angrily snaps a pair handcuffs on Gregor.  Immediately, Deirdre pulls out.
66) 1) dialog: Where's the case?
66) 6) dialog: Would somebody tell me what fucking well happened in there?
74) 27) text: Look at that... THEIR POV: Through the Windsheild - Deirdre exits the apartment building.
74) 29) text: All things come to those who wait. Now Deirdre is followed by Seamus and Gregor.
76) 0) text: The Black Compact Car idles at a nearby curb, with Deirdr behind the wheel.  She's staring so intently at the front the post office, that she's surprised when a SHADOW falls across her.  She looks up to see - Sam, standing next to car.  Deirdre starts to reach for her weapon, but Sam cut her off with a word.
76) 2) dialog: Well, if it isn't Mr. Interpol himself. (she really sounds betrayed)
76) 5) dialog: I'm a patriate.
76) 7) dialog: Where do you get off saying word one? All the time pretending to be one of us, it's the same thing we were doing, Seamus and myself.  And here you are so high and mighty, like you're so different from the rest of us.
76) 9) dialog: (she sees something)
76) 10) text: Bloody fucking hell... CUT AWAY TO: Gregor and Seamus are leaving the post offic By now, Seamus has taken the package away from Gregor. Unseen by these two men - Vincent is approaching from the side, on an intercept course, his hand inside a bag which carries with him.  Now - Deirdre turns and shoots Sam a l He's still watching her keenly, and we can see that she's aching to reach for her piece, but she can't because Sam still on her like a hawk.
77) 7) dialog: They're part of the team.  One of them's the guy I told you about.
77) 9) dialog: That's him.
77) 20) dialog: I told you: they're good...
77) 45) dialog: You lose them! Deirdre swings the wheel wildly, and the Compact takes a screaming turn, followed by - The Peugeot, and now they'r both speeding towards another junction, where several oth roadways of the Periferique run together.  Now we see tha Seamus is returning Vincent's fire, even as - The Junctio approaches, and now - Seamus screams at Deirdre.
77) 54) dialog: (glancing in her mirror) 
77) 58) dialog: (through clenched teeth)
77) 59) text: They're good! And now the Peugeot SLAMS into the side of the Compact Ca and as it does - Seamus opens fire with his gun, even as Vincent unloads the better part of a clip as - Glass shat in both cars, and now Deirdre looks up to see - A FORK IN THE ROAD, and the left side of the fork is clos off, blocked by - A SERIOUS CONCRETE BARRICADE, and the Compact Car is headed right for it, and now - Sam has the Peugeot pinned right to the side of the Compa Car, metal against metal, a scream of steel as the Barric rushes straight at them and at the last second - Deirdre slams on the brakes as - Seamus fires one last shot that - blows out the window in front of Sam's eyes, causing Sam to - Jerk the wheel of t Peugeot wildly, spinning out of control onto the exit ram Gregor reaches over and unbuckles Seamus's seatbelt right The Compact Car slams into the Barricade and CRASHES, and we're in SLOW MOTION as - Deirdre is driven forward by the force of the impact, but there's a driver's side air bag, and it explodes, cushion her, even as - Seamus is hurled form the car, crashing through the windshield and flying through the air as - The Compact Car flips over and over and over while - Gregor, who is wearing his seatbelt, hangs on for dear li to the Briefcase, which he grabbed back from Seamus befor the crash, and now - Seamus hits the ground with a terrible thud, his face sliced to ribbons by the windshield, but somehow still al as - Sam tries to control the Peugeot, which is in a spin on t exit ramp as - Gregor kicks open the back door and slides out of the Car carrying the Briefcase with him, as - Deirdre struggles to free herself from the wreck, which i now - On fire, and now - Sam has managed to stop the Peugeot, but it's too late to back, because - A VERITABLE FLEET OF COP CARS is now closing on the accid and it's too late to turn around, and even as - Deirdre manages to pull herself out of the wreck, it - EXPLODES into a ball of fire, and the blast wave of fire Hits Seamus, knocking him down, covering him for a second even as - Deirdre hurls herself through the flames and co out - Rolling away with Seamus, who is now not only cut t pieces, but his face is covered with some hideous burns. Now Deirdre pulls Seamus over the side of the embankment, right before the cops arrive, and the two of them roll/fa almost thirty down a steep incline, even as - Sam catches a quick glimpse of - Gregor, scurrying away from the highway, carrying the Briefcase, and now Sam has to gun his car and get gone, because the Cops have reached - The Wreck, which is quickly burning itself out, and as th Cops look into the debris they see that - THERE'S NOBODY LEFT.  Everybody's gone. FADE OUT.
79) 0) text: Deirdre once behind the wheel.  The passenger seat next t her is empty, but as she drives we can see her eyes as th flick from the road in front of her, to the rearview mirr which reveals - A glimpse of the HIDEOUS FACE of Seamus Reilly.  Crashing through the windshield and the blast of fire have forever changed the way he looks: his face is now a mass of oozin wounds and burn tissue.  In his eyes we see the light of sick, twisted man who's gone over the edge.
79) 1) dialog: You better be careful, Seamus, before something happens a plastic surgeon can't fix.
79) 4) text: You think I'm going to fix this, Deirdre lass?  It's the mark of the patriot, and I'll wear it like a badge.  As for those who done it to me, I'll take my pound of flesh before this is all over.
79) 5) dialog: You're thinking with your gun, Seamus, and not your head...
79) 8) text: Shut up and drive!  I'm your superior officer and you will do as I goddamn well say, is that understood?!? BEAT.  Deirdre bristles at Seamus's words but says nothin
79) 10) dialog: No, Seamus.  I heard you the first time.
85) 9) dialog: (under her breath)
85) 21) dialog: (to Seamus and Mikhi)
85) 34) dialog: Let it go, Sam, walk away. In response Sam stares at Deirdre for a BEAT and then he smiles an enigmatic smile and - He steps sideways, into a nearby corridor, vanishing.
85) 35) dialog: God damn it! She runs after him but she's too late -- The corridor out is empty.  Now we're back in -
85) 50) dialog: Seamus! ANOTHER ANGLE - Deirdre has appeared, her gun leveled at two men.
85) 54) text: You're one of us...You been born and bred with your own people, you can't go against your nature.  C'mon, girl, I'm you're people. Deirdre makes up her mind.
85) 55) dialog: I'm no girl, Seamus... She fires a shot - Blowing Seamus off his feet and throug huge PLATE GLASS WINDOW.
85) 56) dialog: And you ain't nobody's people. She moves with Sam to Vincent, who is seriously wounded - perhaps life-threateningly so.
85) 63) dialog: (calling out)
85) 67) dialog: He's got the briefcase rigged to explode five seconds after anybody other than himself tries to open it. And now they reach the Dock and they find - Nothing -- no Gregor.  And the Boat is still there.  Before Sam can restrain her - Deirdre stps out towards the Boat.
85) 72) dialog: Don't do it, Sam!
85) 74) dialog: He'll kill me anway, Sam, shoot though me and kill this fucker.
85) 81) dialog: Alright?  It's bloody fucking freezing in here! Sam pulls Deirdre out of the water and then the two of th immediately turn and move towards Vincent, and as they do start to PULL BACK on them, and now the SOUNDS of SIRENS be heard, one, then two more, and then a symphony of nois And we're STILL PULLING BACK ON - THE CHATEAU - Or what's left of it, because it's started burn, and quickly the flames start to rise into the night like something out of medieval times as we -
88) 5) dialog: Only the stupid ones.  Cigarettes kill more patriots than bullets. (a quick beat)
88) 8) dialog: I don't know.  I was thinking...Maybe the three of us might partner up -- guns for hire, that sort of thing.
88) 11) dialog: Come off it, Sam -- if we weren't friends already we wouldn't be here now, would we?
89) 0) text: SILENCE AND FOG.  A RIVER FERRY does a slow ghostly glide down the river, and in seconds it approaches - THE RIVERSIDE CAFE, which appears through the mist, looke by -- A SLEEK PAIR OF SUN GLASSES attached to a young PUNK in a leather coat, and the Punk is looking at - Sam, Vincent, especially: Deirdre.  Sam looks up and shouts a warning a The Punk pulls a shotgun from beneath his leather coat, p the gun and screams out at Deirdre with an Irish accent -
89) 5) text: Let's go!! Vincent literally drags Sam away and now the SIRENS have arrived, followed quickly by - THE GENDARMES, who come running into the Cafe but - It's empty except for Deirdre body.  Now -