7) 0) text: Sam enters and by now the men inside have all come togeth at the bar, talking casually, recognizing they're somehow here for a reason.  With Larry and Vincent we see - GREGO man from Eastern Europe.  His accent is hard to pin down, but he most definitely has one.  Gregor has the air of an spook, and that's exactly what he is.  Lastly we see SWED blonde, muscular, and somehow blank in the face.  No, he' not stupid -- he's a sociopath.  Now - Sam looks at the group, which grows quiet as he enters.  Finally, Sam spea
10) 8) dialog: Whoever hired us.
10) 12) dialog: Now that is an interesting proposition.
10) 14) dialog: Because if there's more than one party involved, if we really are working for different people, then perhaps some of us are on different sides. (with great meaning)
10) 20) dialog: (sharply, as if he's used to giving orders)
10) 21) text: Why don't both of you shut up? LARRY &amp; SWEDE (to Gregor at the same time)
10) 33) dialog: Who are you?  IRA?
10) 35) text: Not likely.  Once, yeah, I was -- but there wasn't an inch of profit in it, and I'm a cash oriented girl, if you take my meaning.  I'm a hired gun, same as the rest of you, and that's all any of us needs to know about the other. Deirdre hands out several thick envelopes.  Larry and Swe open theirs and stare at the wads of Franc Notes stuffed inside.  Even Gregor cracks his envelope and peaks at his money.  But neither Vincent nor Sam takes a look.
10) 38) dialog: These days they they call me Gregor -- and I'm a tech.  I do electronic work, surveillance, computer runs. Deirdre turns to Sam.
11) 15) dialog: It's quite satifactory.
11) 17) dialog: (almost caressing the phone)
11) 20) dialog: I'd stake my reputation.
11) 22) dialog: In this business, your life and your reputation are more often than not one and the same. From off screen we hear MUNCHING.  It's - Larry inhaling sandwich.  A malicious look comes over Swede's face, who' cleaning a pistol and sitting near Larry.
21) 0) text: Deirdre and Sam are not the only ones indulging in extracurricular activities.  Up here in this rooftop gard we find Swede and Gregor talking in hushed tones.
21) 1) dialog: I would imagine that the great satisfaction in all of this will be killing the American.
21) 3) text: I hadn't thought about it.  Understand me, Gregor -- I take no pleasure in killing.  It doesn't bother me one bit, but I don't get off on it.
21) 4) dialog: A means to an end, is that it?
21) 6) dialog: (he rises to leave)
21) 9) dialog: What's that? Suddenly Swede pulls Gregor down to the rooftop with a ha THUD.  Within seconds he has his gun pressed to Gregor's head.
21) 10) dialog: What are you doing?
21) 12) dialog: Nobody's going to do that!
21) 14) dialog: (truly frightened)
21) 18) dialog: I do, I do... Swede is now on his feet, walking away, back into the apartment house.
21) 20) text: Just remember it, then. And he's gone.  And as soon as he is, we notice something strange about Gregor: he's not the least bit scared -- he laughs a little low laugh as we - 
25) 4) dialog: I use my cell phone to get computer access to the telecommunications satellite used by our target.  I trace his cell phone signature and use it to pin point his location as he moves through Nice, relaying that information to you.
28) 1) dialog: (finishing her sentence)
28) 2) text: Ready when you are... Gregor is sitting behind a console, looking at Deirdre's message, which we can read on his laptop.  Gregor also ha much bigger COMPUTER with him as well, and on this screen see - A COMPUTER GRAPHIC MAP OF NICE.  This is a map of incredible detail, a high-tech graphic rendering of Nice. Now - THE MAP starts to shift, randomly moving about the as it searches for the proper signal.  The computer isola an entire district of the city, enlarges a part of the district, and then locates and enlarges a single street. - On screen a FLASHING CURSOR appears on the map, the TAR The Cursor starts to move down one of the streets of Nice as we follow the Curson it TURNS INTO - THE TARGET CAR, driving home the point that Gregor is now locked onto the Target.  THE JAPANESE DRUMS we heard in the opening seque start to play again -- softly, ominously, and we're on -
33) 0) text: Deirdre looks at her laptop and relays Gregor's instructi She speaks over her headset as if she's conducting ordina business -- as if she's giving someone traffic directs over the phone.  The JAPANESE DRUMS continue, quiet and y intense.
33) 2) text: The Volvo takes a flying left turn - Gregor watches the Target on his computer as it moves tow the Promenade des Anglais, typing the results on his keyboard as - The Volvo careens down a steep hill, hits a bump, and flies through the air a good fifteen feet, even The Fiat follows close behind and hits the same bump, doe the same flight through the air and lands with a thud - THE CARAVAN of cars -
33) 8) text: I don't think so. Swede turns to follow Larry's gaze, and as he does - Greg walks INTO FRAME and puts his gun right beneath Swede's c Before Swede can even compute this, Gregor pulls the trig firing straight up into Swede's brain.  Then, without eve looking at Larry, who is lying helpless on the ground - Gregor takes the briefcase and gets into the Volvo, drivi off just as - Sam arrives, kneeling down by Larry.  The S get louder.
35) 39) text: Gregor's cell phone...
35) 46) text: Gregor's a spook, or he was one until recently.  When he was a spy he lived the life -- you know, a prince in some Eastern Bloc country where nobody had shit and Gregor had everything.  Then the wall goes down.  No more Cold War.  And Gregor is out of a job.  No apartment, no special stores with Western food and video tapes.  I would bet dollars against shit that Gregor liked that phone and he doesn't want to give it up.  And I wouldn't be surprised if he's arrogant enough to think...
37) 0) text: Gregor and the Dapper Gent drive in silence for minute, d the length of the Cours Mirabeau.
37) 1) dialog: (breaking the silence)
37) 2) text: It's a beautiful street, no? The Dapper Gent also has an accent, a much thicker one th Gregor's; it's an accent that places the Gent as a reside of what used to be called the Soviet Union.
37) 5) dialog: Always in a rush, you are.  All these years I've known you, you could never wait for anything.
37) 7) dialog: Do you really think so?
37) 9) dialog: Relax! The Dapper Gent loweres his hand, leaving his gun in his Gregor pulls the van to a curb.
37) 10) dialog: Look over there. GREGOR &amp; THE GENT'S POV: THROUGH THE WINDSHIELD - A G CHILDREN are playing.
37) 11) dialog: Do you see that one?  The girl in the light blue dress? We find one particular LITTLE GIRL, around eight, holding end of a jump rope, wearing a light blue dress.  She's breathtakingly beautiful, and now - Gregor raises his silenced pistol, as if to shoot her.
37) 14) dialog: To make a point.  I don't know her, and I was ready to splatter her brains all over the sidewalk. (giving the Gent a look)
37) 15) text: I don't particularly like you, so imagine what I'll do if you try anything... Gregor leaves his gun dangling in the air a moment longer necessary and then starts the jeep as we -
38) 0) text: A FULL MOON casts a silver light over a field of wild gra A soft wind blows, and the grass moves gently from side t side.  Now - Gregor's JEEP glides down this road as we MO
39) 2) text: Enough!  We've been driving for an hour, where is my package? Gregor smiles -- he's been waiting for this.  He pulls th jeep over and looks at the Dapper Gent.
39) 3) dialog: It's under your seat.
39) 6) dialog: As my American friend Larry would say: are you fucking deaf?  It's under your seat. The Dapper Gent looks down, and sure enough, the edge of Briefcase sticks out beneath the seat.
41) 0) text: Gregor finishes punching a number into his CELL PHONE.  W hear a single ring on the other end of the phone before i picked up.
41) 3) dialog: (in English)
41) 4) text: It's done. BEAT.  The Phone Voice doesn't respond for a moment -- wh this is they didn't expect to hear from Gregor.  The Voic switches to English.
41) 6) dialog: (with a low chuckle)
41) 9) dialog: (suddenly cold, furious)
41) 12) dialog: What I do is none of your concern.  What you should do is wait for my next phone call.  I'm going to find a place where I can tilt the field in my favor.  When I'm ready, I'll call you and tell you what I want you to do. The Phone Voice says something unintelligible in Russian, off by Gregor as he angrily snaps off his cell phone and
44) 28) text: There's someone on the phone downstairs asking for you, and my somewhat limited French leads me to believe that he might have something to tell us about Gregor.
49) 0) text: Gregor is seated where we saw him last -- at the little t in the corner cafe.  He's been here for hours, observing Town Square, and now, he finally sees what he's been look for - TWO MEN, definitely not tourists here for the music have entered the Square -- everything about these guys screams GUNMEN.  Now, as Gregor watches - A PUNKED-OUT TE comes up to the men and hands them a small envelope.  The Gunmen look around the Square, trying to see where Gregor but he's too far back in the shadows.  The Gunmen ask the Teen a question, to which the Teen can only shrug his shoulders.  Now - The Teen walks away, leaving the Gunmen open the envelope and look at its contents, which are qui read.  From OFF SCREEN we hear the sound of Gregor punchi in a number on his cell phone.  Simultaneously, the Gunme finish reading the instructions Gregor has sent them, and turn around to face - A PAY PHONE.  The phone rings, and of the Gunmen goes to pick it up.
50) 0) text: The Citroen pulls into town and slows to a crawl, cruisin the streets, looking for Gregor.
54) 1) dialog: Thank you, gentleman, that will do nicely.
54) 3) dialog: Edvard, is that you? EDVARD, the more dangerous looking of the two Gunmen responds.
54) 5) dialog: I'm touched, really, that they'd send someone of your caliber.  It's nice to know that they didn't make the mistake of underestimating me twice.
54) 7) dialog: I'm sure.  But I'm sorry to say that it's too late for trust: we have a serious problem.
54) 9) dialog: (now that's interesting)
54) 12) dialog: You first, Edvard.
54) 14) dialog: (a short laugh)
54) 16) text: After you... A GUN COMES INTO FRAME, trigger cocked, the barrel placed Gregor's temple.
54) 26) dialog: (a panicky hiss)
54) 29) dialog: I swear...
54) 31) dialog: I sent it to myself in Paris.
54) 33) dialog: A post office box. Suddenly Gregor runs forward, towards the exit.  Sam runs after him, tackling him just as they reach - THE OUTSIDE, where the two men roll into plain sight of - The Gunmen, are still covered by Vincent and Deirdre.  Now we notice That the Ancient Geezer and his Tour Group are really clo no more than ten yards away, as - Sam has Gregor pinned f first on the ancient stone of the theater.  He looks up a the others, and that's when it happens - Edvard looks at and recognizes him.
54) 35) text: Do you know who he is?  He's with Interpol, the Internation Police.  He's a cop. A SLOW MOTION BEAT. Vincent and Deirdre don't know what to make of this, thei heads turn to look at Sam, and in this instant - The Tour Group walks into their midst and - The 2nd Gunman reaches his piece and - Sam FIRES his gun at the 2nd Gunman, and the sharp report of the pistol we move back to REAL TIME, The Crowd panics, screaming, and now Edvard is reaching f his weapon, as - Sam shoots again, killing the 2nd Gunman and now - The Crowd is still screaming and running as - Gregor shoves through the crowd into the exit, as - Deirdre pushes through the crowd, and now she's made it i the tunnel.  Now we go -
56) 0) text: Deirdre has reached the Citroen.  She looks in and sees Seamus and Gregor.  Lastly she looks at the dead Larry. sighs in disgust, but otherwise doesn't react as if surprised.
59) 0) text: where Gregor sits, bound and gagged in a chair, his eyes with fright.  Now - The Peephole snicks shut, and Deirdre turns to face Seamus Reilly.
65) 0) text: A BLACK COMPACT CAR sits in front of a Parisian Post Offi Inside the car, behind the wheel, we see Deirdre.  Now, coming out of the Post Office, we see - Gregor and Seamus Reilly.  Seamus has a coat slung over his arm, hiding the which he keeps pressed to Gregor's side.  There's no sign the Briefcase as Seamus and Gregor get into -
66) 0) text: THUNK!  The door slams shut.  Gregor and Seamus are in th back seat.  Almost instantly Seamus angrily snaps a pair handcuffs on Gregor.  Immediately, Deirdre pulls out.
66) 2) dialog: (nervous)
66) 9) dialog: (eager to explain)
66) 10) text: The package didn't come.  I'm sure it will tomorrow. Suddenly Seamus seems to lose it.  He grabs Gregor and sl a gun against his head.
66) 13) dialog: (beyond desperate)
66) 14) text: I swear, it has to come here!  It has to... BEAT.  For one tension-filled moment, we think Seamus is going to splash Gregor's brains all over the place.  But he smiles, puts his weapon away, and pats Gregor gently o the face.
74) 29) text: All things come to those who wait. Now Deirdre is followed by Seamus and Gregor.
75) 0) text: A HAND signs a receipt, and we PULL BACK TO REVEAL Gregor a counter, signing for his package, which slides across t counter.  It's the Briefcase, although it's been wrapped BROWN PAPER for its journey through the French Postal Sys Now we see that - Seamus is still right beside Gregor; is face, almost on top of him, with a hand in his coat pocke which lets us know where his gun is.  Now - The two men s to move towards the exit as we -
76) 10) text: Bloody fucking hell... CUT AWAY TO: Gregor and Seamus are leaving the post offic By now, Seamus has taken the package away from Gregor. Unseen by these two men - Vincent is approaching from the side, on an intercept course, his hand inside a bag which carries with him.  Now - Deirdre turns and shoots Sam a l He's still watching her keenly, and we can see that she's aching to reach for her piece, but she can't because Sam still on her like a hawk.
77) 42) dialog: It is, I'm telling you it is!!
77) 59) text: They're good! And now the Peugeot SLAMS into the side of the Compact Ca and as it does - Seamus opens fire with his gun, even as Vincent unloads the better part of a clip as - Glass shat in both cars, and now Deirdre looks up to see - A FORK IN THE ROAD, and the left side of the fork is clos off, blocked by - A SERIOUS CONCRETE BARRICADE, and the Compact Car is headed right for it, and now - Sam has the Peugeot pinned right to the side of the Compa Car, metal against metal, a scream of steel as the Barric rushes straight at them and at the last second - Deirdre slams on the brakes as - Seamus fires one last shot that - blows out the window in front of Sam's eyes, causing Sam to - Jerk the wheel of t Peugeot wildly, spinning out of control onto the exit ram Gregor reaches over and unbuckles Seamus's seatbelt right The Compact Car slams into the Barricade and CRASHES, and we're in SLOW MOTION as - Deirdre is driven forward by the force of the impact, but there's a driver's side air bag, and it explodes, cushion her, even as - Seamus is hurled form the car, crashing through the windshield and flying through the air as - The Compact Car flips over and over and over while - Gregor, who is wearing his seatbelt, hangs on for dear li to the Briefcase, which he grabbed back from Seamus befor the crash, and now - Seamus hits the ground with a terrible thud, his face sliced to ribbons by the windshield, but somehow still al as - Sam tries to control the Peugeot, which is in a spin on t exit ramp as - Gregor kicks open the back door and slides out of the Car carrying the Briefcase with him, as - Deirdre struggles to free herself from the wreck, which i now - On fire, and now - Sam has managed to stop the Peugeot, but it's too late to back, because - A VERITABLE FLEET OF COP CARS is now closing on the accid and it's too late to turn around, and even as - Deirdre manages to pull herself out of the wreck, it - EXPLODES into a ball of fire, and the blast wave of fire Hits Seamus, knocking him down, covering him for a second even as - Deirdre hurls herself through the flames and co out - Rolling away with Seamus, who is now not only cut t pieces, but his face is covered with some hideous burns. Now Deirdre pulls Seamus over the side of the embankment, right before the cops arrive, and the two of them roll/fa almost thirty down a steep incline, even as - Sam catches a quick glimpse of - Gregor, scurrying away from the highway, carrying the Briefcase, and now Sam has to gun his car and get gone, because the Cops have reached - The Wreck, which is quickly burning itself out, and as th Cops look into the debris they see that - THERE'S NOBODY LEFT.  Everybody's gone. FADE OUT.
83) 0) text: A TAXI pulls up to the Main Gate and Gregor gets out. Attached to his wrist, by that same handcuff: the Briefca Gregor is admitted by a Guard as we -
84) 0) text: Mikhi the Gangster is eating his dinner as Gregor is ushe into the room.  THREE THUGS hang back behind Gregor, watc to see what Mikhi wants.  Now - Mikhi waves the Thugs out of the room, leaving Gregor alo with the gangster.  Mikhi takes a last few bites of dinne he motions for Gregor to sit.
84) 4) dialog: (in English)
84) 9) text: This has all been a terrible mistake, Gregor.  I wanted to play straight with you, but Edvard insisted we try and kill you.
84) 10) dialog: Edvard said the same thing about you before he died.
84) 12) dialog: (suddenly sharp)
84) 13) text: Enough! Gregor raises the Briefcase which is still attached to hi wrist via the handcuff.  Gregor rests the Briefcase on th table.
84) 16) dialog: What is he doing here? As Seamus speaks he walks through the room, examining the valuable china and crystal, all the while moving inexorab closer to Gregor.  His face is, if anything, even more horrific than it was a short while ago, as his formerly f wounds have started to scab over.
84) 18) dialog: But you hate each other!
85) 4) dialog: (to Seamus)
85) 7) dialog: I think not. (holds up the Briefcase)
85) 11) dialog: Should any of you decide to rush me, I'll kill myself and whoever happens to be near me at the time.
85) 13) dialog: I'll destroy whatever's in the case. BEAT.  Nobody moves.  Nobody speaks.  Until finally -
85) 22) text: You two stay here and watch our mutual interest. She nods at Gregor and his Briefcase, indicating what thi mutual interest is.  Then she turns and bolts the room, a as she does we're -
85) 37) dialog: (a feral hiss)
85) 40) text: You'll die if you leave here. Gregor sits back down, fairly close to Mikhi.  Then, in a manner so deft that Mikhi never even notices, Gregor extr a wickedly thin stiletto blade from the leather lining of Briefcase.  Before Mikhi can even react, Gregor stabs his forward in a savage arc - JAMMING THE BLADE into Mikhi's throat.  Mikhi drops his gun and reaches for the blade, already gagging on the blood spray which shoots from the slashed artery.  Within seconds - Mikhi falls to the grou jerking viciously in his death throes as - Gregor picks u the pistol and runs to leave the room, and as he does we to - 
85) 62) text: Finish it! Sam considers, but before he can make up his mind, Deirdr sees something through the wreck of the Dining Room Windo OUT ON THE BACK LAWN - We've already seen that it's borde on one side by the woods, for the first time we notice - LAKE, which laps against a PRIVATE DOCK, where a row boat tethered.  Now - BENEATH A VERY FULL MOON, the stark figu of Gregor makes its way toward the Dock.
85) 64) text: Sam... Sam turns at the sound of her voice and sees Gregor makin his escape.  Sam looks back at Vincent, who is almost pas out from blood loss.
85) 69) dialog: You might have made a good field agent you arrogant American prick, but you're not smart enough to go up against me. Gregor and Deirdre are poised at the edge of the lake.  T Private Dock is made completely of stone, and the drop to water is nearly five feet.  Sam has reached a position wh there is no right answer.  Still, he points his gun at Gregor, who in turn shields himself with Deirdre's body.
85) 70) dialog: Go ahead, shoot... Shoot and kill the bitch, I don't care. (beat)
85) 73) dialog: Shut up!
85) 78) text: Shoot that traitorous bitch and I'll let you live. THE TOP OF SEAMUS'S HEAD explodes, finishing him off once for all, killed by - Vincent, who has staggered out to make this one necessary shot.  But he can go no further, and he collapses in his blood, near death, just as - Gregor takes a step towards boat and - Sam makes up his mind and shoots - THE BULLET