60) 2) dialog: Hello, my friend. (with a look at Sam)
60) 5) dialog: Well, Vincent's American friend, shall we see what we can do for you?
61) 0) text: SURGICAL IMPLEMENTS - Are laid out on a clean cloth. Scalpel, forceps, a clamp, a sponge, medical thread and needles.  We PULL BACK TO REVEAL: Sam, stretched out on t kitchen table.  Around him we see - Vincent and Jean-Pier who are wearing rubber gloves and examining Sam's wound. Jean-Pierre holds a mirror up so that Sam can see what's going on.  Sam, with his medical training, is treating himself.
61) 3) dialog: Are you sure you won't have a drink?
61) 9) text: Take that sponge and wipe away as much of the blood as you can, keep it clean so I can see. Jean-Pierre does as Sam says, wiping away the blood that keeps filling the wound.  Throughout the procedure Jean- Pierre will do this; every time the sponge is saturated h squeezes the excess blood into - A BUCKET which sits on t floor, slowly filling up with drippings from the sponge.
61) 21) dialog: Don't worry, we'll take care of it.
62) 0) text: Vincent and Jean-Pierre sit on easy chairs.  An open bott of wine sits between them, a FIRE burns in the fireplace, they smoke in a contented silence for a moment.  When the speak, it is in FRENCH, with ENGLISH SUBTITLES.
62) 1) dialog: He's tough, your American friend.
62) 3) dialog: And you respect him.
62) 5) dialog: I've never seen a man who could have taken what he just went through. (beat)
62) 9) dialog: Not exactly?  But close enough, eh? (beat)
62) 12) dialog: If he hadn't you'd have put a bullet in his head a long time ago. Both men stare back into the fireplace and we HOLD FOR A before we -
64) 1) dialog: You're feeling better? ANOTHER ANGLE - Jean-Pierre stands in the open front door the farmhouse, with a cup of coffee.  Now, Jean-Pierre mo out to join Sam, sitting down on another chair opposite h
64) 4) dialog: (pointing at Sam's wounded side)
64) 7) dialog: But first you have something to take care of?
64) 9) dialog: Something important?  A thing that cannot wait?
64) 11) dialog: Forgive my intrusion into your affairs, but I am the one who connected Vincent to this job, his agent, if you will.  He is one of my oldest friends and I owe him a great debt, much like the debt I suspect he owes you.
64) 15) dialog: He sees this differently, as you well know.
64) 18) dialog: You suffered through an agonizing pain last night, pain you could have avoided by declaring yourself an agent of the law.
64) 20) dialog: Not a word.  But no ordinary criminal would have the extensive military and medical expertise you do.  And so I place the pieces of the puzzle together in a way that makes sense to me.  You work for some government agency and you carry a gun, and in my world, that makes you a cop. And now Jean-Pierre produces a LONG BARRELED REVOLVER whi he places loosely in his lap -- a gesture which seems to "you'd better explain things to my satifaction or we're gonna have a problem."  Sam notices the weapon, but he doesn't react overtly.
64) 22) dialog: Call it a reckoning of character. BEAT.  Sam looks at the Revolver again.
64) 24) dialog: Perhaps.  But you are not healthy, and if you try I'll kill you. QUICK CUT TO: Vincent - Who stands inside the house, out sight, but not out of ear shot.  He's listening to everything, and we notice that Vincent has taken out his own gun. BACK ON Jean-Pierre and Sam.  By now Jean-Pierre has rais the pistol.  He doesn't point it at Sam, but his finger c the hammer.
64) 26) dialog: I suppose I want to know how a man like you is created.
64) 28) dialog: Perhaps forged is a better word.  Like steel.  Like a sword.  You're a modern Samurai.  I've spent my life around extraordinary men -- men like Vincent. But I've never seen anyone like you. (beat)
64) 31) dialog: You seem one to me.
64) 33) text: The world isn't about honor, anymore. It's about survival. LONG BEAT.  Something in Sam's speech touches Jean-Pierre He relaxes his finger on the hammer.
64) 34) dialog: Survival.  I suppose that's as good a cause as any. BACK ON Vincent - Who relaxes his grip on his gun. BACK O Sam and Jean-Pierre - And we're PULLING BACK, AWAY from t Farmhouse, which glows in the morning sun as we -
81) 22) text: Jean-Pierre is one of your closest friends, is he not?