5) 0) text: AT THE END OF THE BAR - LARRY, the Ugly American.  He's g an obvious attitude, all of it bad.  But there's somethin about the guy -- he's not all bluster, and he has the loo a seasoned tough guy who knows how to get rough and tumbl He's big, and yeah he's got a gut, but the rest of him lo solid.
5) 1) dialog: (talking to the air)
5) 3) text: ...And that's not football. The one man at the bar who's been watching the gam turns slowly and gives Larry a long look.  This is VINCENT: Fre hard boiled and solid.  Charming when he wants to be, whi isn't all that often.  He gives Larry a long look and the speaks -
5) 5) text: Football -- American football -- is a game for faggots. A BEAT.  The other two men at the bar, who seem like toug customers themselves, pretend not to watch too closely, b they're interested: what's Larry going to say?  For a mom it seems as if he's pissed, but then suddenly a smile bre out on his face and he laughs heartily at Vincent's remar Vincent joins in, as do the others.  In particular - THE BARTENDER looks relieved -- he's tough enough to toss a b drunk, but these guys are in a different league.  The Bartender laughs with the others, happy to have avoided a confrontation as we go back to -
7) 0) text: Sam enters and by now the men inside have all come togeth at the bar, talking casually, recognizing they're somehow here for a reason.  With Larry and Vincent we see - GREGO man from Eastern Europe.  His accent is hard to pin down, but he most definitely has one.  Gregor has the air of an spook, and that's exactly what he is.  Lastly we see SWED blonde, muscular, and somehow blank in the face.  No, he' not stupid -- he's a sociopath.  Now - Sam looks at the group, which grows quiet as he enters.  Finally, Sam spea
10) 4) dialog: Anybody wanna tell me what we're waiting for?
10) 7) dialog: And who the fuck is that?
10) 16) dialog: What're you talking about, man?  I don't understand.
10) 19) dialog: I got a surprise for you, blondie...
10) 21) text: Why don't both of you shut up? LARRY &amp; SWEDE (to Gregor at the same time)
10) 27) dialog: (patting the gun inside his cheap suit)
10) 30) dialog: Who the fuck are you?
10) 35) text: Not likely.  Once, yeah, I was -- but there wasn't an inch of profit in it, and I'm a cash oriented girl, if you take my meaning.  I'm a hired gun, same as the rest of you, and that's all any of us needs to know about the other. Deirdre hands out several thick envelopes.  Larry and Swe open theirs and stare at the wads of Franc Notes stuffed inside.  Even Gregor cracks his envelope and peaks at his money.  But neither Vincent nor Sam takes a look.
10) 42) dialog: I drive -- and my name is Larry.  Larry from the States.
10) 54) dialog: Who's they?
11) 0) text: A PAPER TARGET, in the shape of a human being, dances in place as it is riddles with GUNSHOTS, each shot hitting t target in the belly, each shot fired by - Larry, whose be shooting a sleek automatic pistol from which he's just discharged an entire clip.  The gun is empty, Larry turns Sam, who stands next in line.
11) 3) dialog: Gets the job done.
11) 5) dialog: Not for long.
11) 7) dialog: Is that right?
11) 9) dialog: (a challenge)
11) 10) text: Why don't you go do better, then... Without a word, Sam pops a new clip into the gun and SHOO THE LIGHTS out of several other human targets, hitting ea target in a different place.  One he clips between the ey the next in the heart, one in the groin, and then the las target - He SPLITS DOWN THE MIDDLE, firing shot after sho from the head to the groin until the target is sheared in half.  Larry is impressed in spite of himself.
11) 11) dialog: Yeah, well...  My way works too.
11) 24) dialog: Who the fuck died and appointed you food czar?
11) 26) dialog: (sensitive about his weight)
11) 29) text: Who you calling dumb, dickless? Both men eyeball one another, and then suddenly Larry rea for his piece, and as soon as he does this Swede does the same thing, but before they can do anything - DEIRDRE'S G swings INTO FRAME, smashing Swede in the face and droppin him to the floor.  Larry's mouth drops open in surprise, it's too late: Deirdre kicks him in the stomach and then rabbit punches him in the back of the neck, driving him t the ground.
18) 10) dialog: So what's the deal?
18) 12) text: The deal?  The deal is we leave for Nice at first light. And she exits, leaving these three men behind along with and Vincent, who have entered from the other room.  larry looks at the two of them.
18) 13) dialog: What'd you guys do?
25) 7) dialog: (a sigh, he's done this too many times)
25) 12) dialog: (under his breath)
25) 15) dialog: I blast the lead car into oblivion...
25) 27) dialog: Then Swede and I split with the package and meet you back at the rendezvous.
31) 0) text: A VOLVO idles, waiting for something, Larry behind the wh of this car, and sitting next to him Swede.  The DRUMS continue to play, and their volume is still low, but they jarring, setting our nerves on edge.
32) 1) dialog: Where is this broad?
32) 3) dialog: Is that right?
32) 5) dialog: Not in mine. THE CAR PHONE rings, and Swede pushes a button.  Deirdre' Voice is heard on the speaker phone.
33) 7) dialog: (sees something over Swede's shoulder)
33) 8) text: I don't think so. Swede turns to follow Larry's gaze, and as he does - Greg walks INTO FRAME and puts his gun right beneath Swede's c Before Swede can even compute this, Gregor pulls the trig firing straight up into Swede's brain.  Then, without eve looking at Larry, who is lying helpless on the ground - Gregor takes the briefcase and gets into the Volvo, drivi off just as - Sam arrives, kneeling down by Larry.  The S get louder.
33) 9) dialog: (in shock)
33) 10) text: He just...I don't believe that son-of- a... Vincent's Fiat comes peeling to a halt in front of them, Vincent and Deirdre inside it as Sam manages to get Larry into the back seat.  Sam doesn't get in the car yet as La says -
33) 11) dialog: (still having trouble believing it)
34) 1) dialog: What is this?
35) 0) text: A SYRINGE is plunged into Larry's arm.  Sam is tending to Larry's wound.  Sam seems to know what he's doing, as Lar is also hooked up to a bottle of plasma hanging on a make shift stand.
35) 3) dialog: Fine with fucking me, we got work to do. I don't care what it takes, we are getting our property back and putting it into the hands of the people who are gonna pay us a great deal of money when we do.  I don't know about the rest of you guys, but I'm not the kind of guy to just sit back and take it in the ass. (a quick beat)
35) 28) dialog: Your people?  Who the fuck is your people?
35) 32) dialog: How do we know that?
35) 35) dialog: I never did trust that blonde fuck...
35) 40) dialog: (to himself)
42) 0) text: Larry snores on the couch, while Deirdre sleeps in a slee bag on the floor.  Vincent sits in a ratty easy chair, fe propped on an overturned crate, dozing lightly.  Suddenly Vincent's eyes open, warily, as if something has changed the room.  He looks around - No Sam.  Vincent gets up, ta out his gun, and silently gets to his feet.  He moves dow long hall and - No Sam.  Now, like a cat, Vincent moves i THE BATHROOM: pitch black.  He moves in, swipes the strin the overhead light and - nothing.  Nobody's here.  The on place left is the front door, and now Vincent approaches. opens the door, gun still at ready, and moves out into -
45) 1) dialog: I'm telling you...
46) 1) dialog: (continuing)
46) 2) text: That I could be dead and I'd drive better than you. Deirdre is driving, and Larry -- much to his chagrin -- i the passenger seat, watching her every move.
48) 0) text: THE CITROEN is parked among a number of other cars.  Sam sleeping in the back seat, while Vincent is seen on an outdoor pay phone at the other end of the parking lot. Deirdre and Larry sit at a nearby picnic table, eating Fr fast food, which we get a good look at as we - PAN THE LE OF THE TABLE, which is covered with pasta, grilled sausag with dijon mustard, really good fried potatoes. In fact, everything that's on this table is so far beyond imagination of your average American truck driver that La can't contain himself.  He's stuffing himself, washing everything down with the wine which is also sold at these road-side rest stops.  Deirdre drinks coffee.
48) 1) dialog: (mouth full)
48) 5) dialog: What is?
48) 8) dialog: (with a snort)
48) 12) dialog: Oh yeah?  Whatta you drink, then?
48) 17) dialog: I'm driving.
53) 0) text: THE CITROEN sits at a curb.  Larry sits behind the wheel the car, the getaway driver with the motor running.  Vinc and Deirdre are already walking towards the Theater.  Sam stays behind for a second to say something to Larry.
56) 0) text: Deirdre has reached the Citroen.  She looks in and sees Seamus and Gregor.  Lastly she looks at the dead Larry. sighs in disgust, but otherwise doesn't react as if surprised.