82) 0) text: ARMED RUSSIAN MOBSTERS everywhere -- a convention of the squad. MOVING THROUGH the Chateau itself, and from in here we se the side of France we haven't yet seen in this film: cult Each room could be a museum, as we move through - A GALLERY, filled with paintings by Renaissance Masters - A PARLOR, with antique furniture, the youngest piece of w is two hundred years old - A BALLROOM, empty and barren, but lit by the dazzling lig of an exquisite chandelier - A KITCHEN, where a cigarette smoking CHEF is putting the finishing touches on what is perhaps the most amazing mea you've ever seen.  Now - A SERVANT takes the tray and car it out to - A DINING ROOM, and the table is set for a formal dinner f twenty, with crystal and china at every place setting, an yet the table is occupied by only one man - MIKHAEL RACHEV, Russian Gangster Supreme, called Mikhi. The Servant sets the food down in front of Mikhi, and as chief hood starts to eat a lonely and solitary dinner we BACK, MOVING DOWN the length of the way-too-long table.
84) 0) text: Mikhi the Gangster is eating his dinner as Gregor is ushe into the room.  THREE THUGS hang back behind Gregor, watc to see what Mikhi wants.  Now - Mikhi waves the Thugs out of the room, leaving Gregor alo with the gangster.  Mikhi takes a last few bites of dinne he motions for Gregor to sit.
84) 1) dialog: (in Russian, English subtitles)
84) 5) text: No, Mikhi, I wouldn't. (letting that sink in for a minute)
84) 7) dialog: (makes no never mind to him)
84) 11) dialog: I'm shocked, shocked to think that you'd believe him.
84) 14) dialog: Ahh... The moment of truth.  Before this scene can develop any further, a VOICE comes from Off Screen, and as the Voice speaks, Gregor blanches.
85) 12) dialog: And more importantly --
85) 17) dialog: What was that?
85) 39) dialog: (threatening with the gun)
85) 40) text: You'll die if you leave here. Gregor sits back down, fairly close to Mikhi.  Then, in a manner so deft that Mikhi never even notices, Gregor extr a wickedly thin stiletto blade from the leather lining of Briefcase.  Before Mikhi can even react, Gregor stabs his forward in a savage arc - JAMMING THE BLADE into Mikhi's throat.  Mikhi drops his gun and reaches for the blade, already gagging on the blood spray which shoots from the slashed artery.  Within seconds - Mikhi falls to the grou jerking viciously in his death throes as - Gregor picks u the pistol and runs to leave the room, and as he does we to - 