6) 2) text: Yes? ANOTHER ANGLE - And we see a woman named DEIRDRE on the phone: striking, dark-haired, Irish.  She carries herself with the same professional edge as the men inside the bar Deirdre listens for a moment to the voice on the other en and before she speaks she sense something - A SILHOUETTE stands in the shadows of the bar, watching Deirdre.  She gives this silhouette a measure glance before speaking, h hand creeping ever so slightly towards her coat.
6) 4) dialog: No... Sam moves towards the bar, and Deirdre returns to her pho conversation.
7) 0) text: Sam enters and by now the men inside have all come togeth at the bar, talking casually, recognizing they're somehow here for a reason.  With Larry and Vincent we see - GREGO man from Eastern Europe.  His accent is hard to pin down, but he most definitely has one.  Gregor has the air of an spook, and that's exactly what he is.  Lastly we see SWED blonde, muscular, and somehow blank in the face.  No, he' not stupid -- he's a sociopath.  Now - Sam looks at the group, which grows quiet as he enters.  Finally, Sam spea
7) 1) dialog: Sorry I'm late...
7) 4) dialog: (meeting Vincent's gaze)
7) 7) dialog: I know cops -- and you're no cop. Vincent smiles at Sam's answer, satisfied, and makes room Sam to join them.  Vincent takes a pack of cigarettes, sh them so that one sticks out, and offers it to Sam.
7) 9) dialog: No thanks. Vincent looks a little disappointed at this as we go -
10) 2) dialog: He trusts you to lock up?
10) 9) dialog: I got this gig through a contractor. And he most definitely didn't know who was doing the hiring, only that they were paying a lot of money... There's a kind of general look around the table -- a nod grunt of acknowledgement, indicating that all of these me were hired the same way.
10) 10) dialog: (continuing his thought)
10) 21) text: Why don't both of you shut up? LARRY &amp; SWEDE (to Gregor at the same time)
10) 23) dialog: Knock it off! There is a BEAT.  Gregor, Swede and Larry look at Sam, wh glares them all down.  Lastly, Sam turns and looks at Vincent.  The two men nod at one another, acknowledging a kind of mutual respect.
10) 24) dialog: The point remains: we could be working for different people.  There's a chance for one of us... (looks around the table)
10) 35) text: Not likely.  Once, yeah, I was -- but there wasn't an inch of profit in it, and I'm a cash oriented girl, if you take my meaning.  I'm a hired gun, same as the rest of you, and that's all any of us needs to know about the other. Deirdre hands out several thick envelopes.  Larry and Swe open theirs and stare at the wads of Franc Notes stuffed inside.  Even Gregor cracks his envelope and peaks at his money.  But neither Vincent nor Sam takes a look.
10) 39) dialog: Sam.  I'm a weapons guy.
10) 41) dialog: Once. Deirdre gives Sam a look -- and he returns it.  Finally, Deirdre turns to Larry.
10) 46) dialog: (sharply)
11) 0) text: A PAPER TARGET, in the shape of a human being, dances in place as it is riddles with GUNSHOTS, each shot hitting t target in the belly, each shot fired by - Larry, whose be shooting a sleek automatic pistol from which he's just discharged an entire clip.  The gun is empty, Larry turns Sam, who stands next in line.
11) 1) dialog: (looking at the target)
11) 4) dialog: All in the stomach, though.  Your man might live.
11) 6) dialog: Long enough to shoot back.
11) 8) dialog: It's been known to happen.
11) 10) text: Why don't you go do better, then... Without a word, Sam pops a new clip into the gun and SHOO THE LIGHTS out of several other human targets, hitting ea target in a different place.  One he clips between the ey the next in the heart, one in the groin, and then the las target - He SPLITS DOWN THE MIDDLE, firing shot after sho from the head to the groin until the target is sheared in half.  Larry is impressed in spite of himself.
11) 12) dialog: My way is better.
11) 29) text: Who you calling dumb, dickless? Both men eyeball one another, and then suddenly Larry rea for his piece, and as soon as he does this Swede does the same thing, but before they can do anything - DEIRDRE'S G swings INTO FRAME, smashing Swede in the face and droppin him to the floor.  Larry's mouth drops open in surprise, it's too late: Deirdre kicks him in the stomach and then rabbit punches him in the back of the neck, driving him t the ground.
11) 31) text: Next one of you fuckers plays this game I'm going to do for you myself.  I won't say it again: we don't have time for this shit!  There's a clock running on this job, gentlemen, and I mean to be on schedule. A TENSE MOMENT as Deirdre stares down at these tough guys letting them know who's in charge.  A SOUND from OFF SCRE interrupts this moment: a DOOR opening, as we see - Vince who stands in the door, wearing his coat and hat. He's been out somewhere, and he looks first at the squabb men, and then at - Deirdre.  She gives Vincent a little n a silent command that makes Vincent turn to Sam.
11) 33) dialog: Where to?
11) 35) dialog: I can do that.
12) 0) text: A DESOLATE URBAN LANDSCAPE - Sam and Vincent walking away from the warehouse, which is housed in what looks to be t toughest neighborhood in the city, filled with CHEAP CONC PUBLIC HOUSING and INDUSTRIAL BUILDINGS. THE SETTING SUN throws a red glow on the street, giving t raw concrete buildings a blood-colored tint, as Sam and Vincent approach a FIAT, a car neither too old nor too ne Before they can reach the car, the two men are intercepte FOUR TOUGHS, young guys in their early twenties.  The LEA of the Toughs apporaches Vincent.
12) 3) dialog: (to Vincent)
12) 6) dialog: (with a sigh)
12) 12) dialog: As in, they own it?
12) 14) dialog: And I suppose he's saying that we oughta give them something for using it, huh?
12) 16) dialog: I don't.  But the language he's speaking is universal. ANGLE ON THE LEADER - Who's smirking at Vincent and Sam. Sam's words make a great deal of sense: the Leader is speaking the universal language of "give me some money or I'll kick your ass."
12) 17) dialog: I guess we oughta give them something... CUT BACK TO: Vincent and Sam.
12) 19) dialog: (as if it were an accident)
12) 21) text: Let me give you a hand. Sam reaches down as if to help the Tough, who ignores the hand and totters to his feet.  As soon as he's up he turn and runs away, followed by the other Toughs.  Now only th leader is left behind.  He looks for a second at Vincent Sam, and then turns and runs after his friends.  Vincent calls after him in French, but whatever he says isn't translated.  Vincent turns to unlock the car.
12) 22) dialog: What'd you say to him?
13) 2) dialog: Jujitsu.
13) 4) dialog: Not at all.  Similar, but not the same.
13) 6) dialog: One's a lot more painful than the other. Vincent laughs, and Sam looks out the window at the city Paris as we MOVE THROUGH to the outside world of -
13) 8) dialog: Could I get one of those?
14) 0) text: Vincent is driving and smoking a cigarette.  He tosses hi pack to Sam, but he seems a little surprised at Sam's request.
14) 3) dialog: (lighting up)
14) 7) dialog: I do.
14) 10) dialog: (blowing a smoke ring with great skill)
14) 14) text: There is that. Vincent stamps his cigarette out, looking vaguely unhappy that Sam has spoiled his smoke.
14) 15) dialog: So, Vincent: why bring me along for the ride?  Job like this calls for a warm body, somebody who can stand around and look threatening.  A tough guy.
14) 17) dialog: Exactly.  Why not bring them?
14) 19) dialog: Watch that one, he's an ex-spook for sure, maybe Stasi, maybe KGB.  He's smart, Gregor is.
14) 21) dialog: Deirdre?  Smart, yeah, and seriously goddamned dangerous.
14) 23) dialog: I've wondered that myself.  None of this answers my question, though... (suddenly direct)
14) 26) dialog: Who am I? Vincent, driving all the while, gives Sam a sideways glan before speaking.
14) 29) dialog: That's right: there's not hardly enough work these days, nothing that pays the big money, anyhow.  Then along comes this job, paying so much goddamned money I couldn't afford not to take it.  Somebody's paying through the nose for this.
14) 31) dialog: Whatever it is it must be goddamned priceless. And on that thought we -
15) 0) text: The Fiat pulls up to the curb and Vincent and Sam get out Vincent leads Sam around a corner and they come to - AN EXQUISITE PARK, a small, perfectly manicured place -- kind of mini-Luxembourg Gardens in the middle of nowhere. When Sam sees the park, he draws an involuntary breath.
15) 2) dialog: They'd have to keep something like this under lock and key in New York, and it would still get fucked up. The two men enter the park, which is, indeed, open to the public.  Inside, sitting on a bench in the back, almost invisible from the street, we see - FRANCOIS, a stubble-f tough with a stained shirt and bad teeth.  Vincent and Sa draw near.  This next conversation between Francois and Vincent is in FRENCH WITH ENGLISH SUBTITLES.
15) 12) dialog: (to Vincent)
15) 15) dialog: (that edge creeping into his voice)
15) 18) dialog: (he can't believe this)
15) 21) dialog: (looking at Vincent, truly pissed)
15) 24) dialog: You need to know a lot of shit, Vincent.
15) 26) text: Are you ready? Francois's French words give Sam pause -- he's wondering what's being said, as - Vincent moves towards Francois, leaving Sam several steps away.  The conversation is agai SUBTITLED FRENCH.
15) 37) text: Of course. SAM'S POV: Looking at Vincent and Francois. The men are talking, and from here we can't really hear t speak.  All Sam can see is an earnest Vincent listening t Francois talk, almost as if Francois is giving Vincent instructions.  Now - Vincent reaches into his pocket, reaching for the envelope of cash he's carrying.  As he h the money to Francois, Vincent uses his free hand to pull his gun while - Sam already has his gun out -- somehow he figured out what was going on -- and now Francois looks o stunned disbelief as - Sam fires a single shot, hitting Francois in the shoulder driving him away from - Vincent, who now squeezes off sev rapid fire shots at the sniper, while - Francois, bleedin but still very much alive, now has his piece free just as The Sniper, his gun firing wildly into the air, falls to ground, shot dead by Vincent, and now - Francois is drawi bead on Vincent when - Sam hits Francois with a fusillade bullets in the chest and now - A SINGLE SPENT BULLED CASI flies through the air in SLOW MOTION and lands on the gro spinning around until it comes to a halt and - A HEAVY SILENCE FALLS, as the last echo of the last gunshot final dies.  Vincent and Sam look at one another, see that they still alive, and then look back at - The two men they've shot.  Francois isn't quite dead.  Blood bubbles from his lips as Vincent leans over him.  Again, they speak in
15) 43) dialog: Now would be a good time to get the fuck out of here.
16) 0) text: The two men drive in silence for a moment.  Vincent light cigarette and offers one to Sam, who refuses.  Finally, S speaks.
16) 1) dialog: You know, what you pulled back there, that was bullshit.
16) 3) text: I'm a popular man with the police, Sam, and whenever they try to catch me they always do it with an inside guy -- some man on some job who seems more trustworthy than all the others put together.  And that's the guy you have to watch out for. (beat)
16) 5) dialog: (insulted that Vincent would even consider it)
16) 8) dialog: Know what?
16) 10) dialog: I saw you look off when Francois nodded his head.  I figured he wasn't pointing out a particularly rare shrub, and the rest was easy.
16) 12) dialog: (as if it's obvious)
17) 0) text: Vincent's Fiat is parked at the curb in front of this apartment house.  Vincent and Sam exit the car and move towards the house -- a silence hanging between them.  Rig before they go into the house, Vincent takes out the enve full of cash that was supposed to have been for Francois. thinks for a moment and then hands the whole envelope to
17) 2) dialog: What I did back in the park I did because we're working together -- we're on the same team. (holding up the money)
17) 3) text: This is business -- this is work.  We did it together, we share the spoils, even split. Sam opens the door to the house, but Vincent has one last thing to say to him.
17) 5) dialog: Whatever you say. They enter the house and the door closes behind them.  A second later we hear -
18) 0) text: Vincent and Sam sit with Deirdre in a room, alone.  They' told her about the park, and she seems a little pissed ab all of this.
18) 4) dialog: Hazard pay...
18) 7) dialog: We weren't real thrilled about it either... Deirdre shakes her head in disgust and rises.  We FOLLOW
19) 0) text: A CAR sits, cloaked in shadows.  Inside sits our friend, WATCHER.  Once again we see the Watcher's knife -- once a he manicures his nails with it, almost delicately, as he watches the House.  It's dark -- a single light glows beh a window on the third floor.  Sam's room.
20) 0) text: Sam has pushed all the furniture aside to make enough roo do a martial arts form.  Right now he's frozen, one leg extended in a kick, balancing on the other leg.  Now - A KNOCK at his door -- seconds later, it opens.  Deirdre st there, watching as Sam holds his position for a BEAT more and then retracts his leg.
20) 2) dialog: I didn't think to see you again tonight. You were pretty pissed.
20) 4) dialog: Is that right?
20) 6) dialog: Part of me says I should just look at this as a perk.  You know, a bonus.  But then I remember you're you -- Deirdre who used to belong to the IRA -- and it occurs to me that deceit and subterfuge come very naturally to you.
20) 9) dialog: (returning the kiss, just as lightly)
21) 0) text: Deirdre and Sam are not the only ones indulging in extracurricular activities.  Up here in this rooftop gard we find Swede and Gregor talking in hushed tones.
23) 0) text: Deirdre is pulling her dress over her head.  Sam seems to sleeping in his bed as she moves like a cat towards the d when - Sam's HAND reaches out, gently yet firmly, and takes her the arm.
23) 1) dialog: No goodbye? ANOTHER ANGLE - Sam is somehow sitting up, wide awake -- looking at Deirdre with a penetrating glance.
23) 3) dialog: You don't have to explain yourself to me, Deirdre.
23) 5) text: I know I don't have to, Sam, it's just that, for once, I want to.  when I was a - (almost with a sneer)
23) 7) text: Sometimes so I could kill him myself. IRA isn't exactly an enlightened feminist organization, Sam.  To most of the men I with I was always the girl.  "Send the girl to do it."  "Tell The girl to take care of it."  "Have the girl fuck him." (a quick beat)
23) 9) dialog: You're a hired gun, Deirdre -- just like me.
23) 12) dialog: Duty calls?
23) 14) text: Just business. Deirdre gives Sam a light kiss on the lips and then she o his door.  The muted phone is a little louder now.  Deird closes Sam's door as she exits, but - Sam reaches out a h and catches the door right before it snaps shut.  He watc THROUGH THE DOOR CRACK as - Deirdre cross the hall and opens the door to her room, and now the phone rings loudl until the door shuts, muting the sound once again, shutti Sam out.  The phone stops ringing as Deirdre answers and this happens Sam shuts his door and as the door closes we to - BLACK.  Just for a second.  And then - BLINDING SUN us in the eyes as we find ourselves above -
25) 17) text: While Sam and I take out the back two cars...
25) 23) dialog: (returning her look)
25) 24) text: ...While I back him up, making sure to get the package if something goes wrong and somebody takes Swede down. Nobody else seems to notice this look between them, but w should -- if only to note that there's something about th way Deirdre queries Sam about his role, and something abo the way Sam answers her without overly reacting -- they'r not flirting, but there's a kind of acknowledgment of the history they now have between them.  But -- nobody else notices, and Swede's line follows Sam's without breaking flow of the dialogue.
29) 0) text: Where VINCENT'S FIAT is parked at a curb, Sam and Vincent sitting inside.
30) 0) text: Vincent sits behind the wheel, while Sam sits next to him loading a small arsenal of weapons. The DRUMS grow, a little louder now, a little more urgent
33) 2) text: The Volvo takes a flying left turn - Gregor watches the Target on his computer as it moves tow the Promenade des Anglais, typing the results on his keyboard as - The Volvo careens down a steep hill, hits a bump, and flies through the air a good fifteen feet, even The Fiat follows close behind and hits the same bump, doe the same flight through the air and lands with a thud - THE CARAVAN of cars -
33) 8) text: I don't think so. Swede turns to follow Larry's gaze, and as he does - Greg walks INTO FRAME and puts his gun right beneath Swede's c Before Swede can even compute this, Gregor pulls the trig firing straight up into Swede's brain.  Then, without eve looking at Larry, who is lying helpless on the ground - Gregor takes the briefcase and gets into the Volvo, drivi off just as - Sam arrives, kneeling down by Larry.  The S get louder.
33) 10) text: He just...I don't believe that son-of- a... Vincent's Fiat comes peeling to a halt in front of them, Vincent and Deirdre inside it as Sam manages to get Larry into the back seat.  Sam doesn't get in the car yet as La says -
33) 12) text: We've been crossed... The SIRENS reach a crescendo as a group of GENDARMES arri charging with automatic weapons drawn.  Between the Frenc cops and our heroes lies the shot up wreck of the Target and now - Sam takes out a GRENADE, pulls the pin, and rol it across the ground, beneath the Mercedes, which the cop have just reached.  Seconds later - The Car EXPLODES, cut off the cops, and as this happens, Vincents puts the peda the floor and gets the fuck out of Dodge.  We start to SL PULL BACK on the remains of this battle: the dead bodies, shot up cars, the broken glass, and that flaming, smoking hulk of a Mercedes in the middle of the street.
35) 0) text: A SYRINGE is plunged into Larry's arm.  Sam is tending to Larry's wound.  Sam seems to know what he's doing, as Lar is also hooked up to a bottle of plasma hanging on a make shift stand.
35) 1) dialog: (answering Larry's question)
35) 17) dialog: (with a dead cool in his voice)
35) 18) text: Both of you... ANOTHER ANGLE - Sam has the two of them covered with his an interesting moment, because he can shoot either Deirdr Vincent, but not both at the same time.  The question is: whose side is he on?
35) 19) dialog: (continuing without missing a beat)
35) 20) text: ...put your guns down and chill out. A BEAT.  And then Vincent and Deirdre lower their weapons followed by Sam.
35) 21) dialog: Like it or now, we're on the same side: we're here and the package isn't. (looks at Deirdre)
35) 22) text: You're not the boss any more, you're our partner.  So tell us what you know, so we can figure a way out of this mess. Sam's look isn't romantic, but it implies a level of trus based upon their physical intimacy.
35) 23) dialog: Now, what did we steal?
35) 33) dialog: Because if they had she'd be gone along with the package, instead of sitting here with us.
35) 38) dialog: (he figures something out)
35) 42) dialog: (ignoring Larry, to Deirdre)
35) 45) dialog: Check this out. (he's thinking on his feet)
35) 48) text: That we're too stupid to trace his calls. Deirdre and Sam share the slightest of conspiratorial smi as they realize they're both thinking the same thought: t might still win this one.
42) 0) text: Larry snores on the couch, while Deirdre sleeps in a slee bag on the floor.  Vincent sits in a ratty easy chair, fe propped on an overturned crate, dozing lightly.  Suddenly Vincent's eyes open, warily, as if something has changed the room.  He looks around - No Sam.  Vincent gets up, ta out his gun, and silently gets to his feet.  He moves dow long hall and - No Sam.  Now, like a cat, Vincent moves i THE BATHROOM: pitch black.  He moves in, swipes the strin the overhead light and - nothing.  Nobody's here.  The on place left is the front door, and now Vincent approaches. opens the door, gun still at ready, and moves out into -
44) 0) text: Vincent bursts onto the roof, gun straight out, finger on trigger, only to find - Sam is there, his gun pointed at Vincent.  A BEAT, then both men give little laughs and pu their weapons away, like Samurai so trained in combat tha they know when it's safe to relax.
44) 1) dialog: What's going on?
44) 3) text: This has been one very fucked up job, Sam, and I'm not taking any more chances on anybody... (a quick beat)
44) 4) text: Including you... In answer Sam takes out Vincent's pack of cigarettes and tosses them back to him.  Vincent looks almost delighted this.
44) 5) dialog: I came up here to sneak a smoke.
44) 7) dialog: I hope you don't mind I took your pack. It was on the table.
44) 9) text: Please, help yourself.  Smoke as many you'd like. Sam considers for a minute, and then takes one.  Vincent so as well, and he searches for his lighter, which he can seem to find, because - Sam has it, and he lights their cigarettes, and then hands the lighter back to Vincent.
44) 10) dialog: (a shrug of the shoulders)
44) 14) dialog: I have a feeling I'm about to start buying my own. BEAT.  The two men smoke in silence, looking out at -
44) 17) dialog: It was at that.
44) 19) dialog: I've seen a lot of people die before.
44) 21) dialog: You don't.  You just learn to live with it.
44) 23) dialog: We live in a singular world, my friend.
44) 26) dialog: You might be a hired gun, Vincent, but I got a feeling you cost more than two bits. This conversation might have gone further, but it is interrupted when Deirdre pokes her head up onto the roof.
46) 7) text: That's Aix en Provence, where he used the phone. Sam runs his finger along the length of the highway on th map.  Destination: Paris.
46) 8) dialog: (making up his mind)
46) 11) dialog: It's Paris.  The route's too indirect for anything else.  A guy like Gregor, he doesn't waste time on this road unless he has to be on it in the first place. Otherwise, he'd be out of the country by now.  He's going to Paris. (beat)
48) 0) text: THE CITROEN is parked among a number of other cars.  Sam sleeping in the back seat, while Vincent is seen on an outdoor pay phone at the other end of the parking lot. Deirdre and Larry sit at a nearby picnic table, eating Fr fast food, which we get a good look at as we - PAN THE LE OF THE TABLE, which is covered with pasta, grilled sausag with dijon mustard, really good fried potatoes. In fact, everything that's on this table is so far beyond imagination of your average American truck driver that La can't contain himself.  He's stuffing himself, washing everything down with the wine which is also sold at these road-side rest stops.  Deirdre drinks coffee.
48) 11) text: Budweiser?  You talk to me of beer and you've the unbridled gall to mention Budweiser in the same sentence?  That's not beer!  Christ, it's not even a poor excuse for rabbit piss.
53) 0) text: THE CITROEN sits at a curb.  Larry sits behind the wheel the car, the getaway driver with the motor running.  Vinc and Deirdre are already walking towards the Theater.  Sam stays behind for a second to say something to Larry.
53) 1) dialog: Whatever you hear, whatever happens, when your partners come back out, you make sure you're here with the motor running. And on that note Sam follows after Vincent and Deirdre. Larry doesn't notice it, but - THE WATCHER has found them He's a block or so away, wearing a two-day stubble of bea and hugging the shadows of back alley.  Cradled in one ha barely visible but ominously present: his knife, which fo one moment catches a glint of sun that hits our eyes as w
54) 17) dialog: After you, asshole. Gregor stiffens, as we PULL BACK ON Sam, who has snuck up Gregor and gotten the drop on him.
54) 18) dialog: You might have been one mean technical spook, Gregor, but you wouldn't have lasted a week in the field. CUT TO THE GUNMEN'S POV: Looking into the Tunnel - It's d they can't see a thing, but they've heard Sam's voice and they know something's wrong.
54) 25) dialog: Don't talk to me unless you tell me what I want to hear, understand?!?  You have no choice in this, don't think about winning, think about staying alive.  I want the item, and if you don't give it to me, I'm gonna kill you.
54) 28) dialog: Bullshit!
54) 30) dialog: Then where is it?
54) 32) dialog: Sent it where?
54) 35) text: Do you know who he is?  He's with Interpol, the Internation Police.  He's a cop. A SLOW MOTION BEAT. Vincent and Deirdre don't know what to make of this, thei heads turn to look at Sam, and in this instant - The Tour Group walks into their midst and - The 2nd Gunman reaches his piece and - Sam FIRES his gun at the 2nd Gunman, and the sharp report of the pistol we move back to REAL TIME, The Crowd panics, screaming, and now Edvard is reaching f his weapon, as - Sam shoots again, killing the 2nd Gunman and now - The Crowd is still screaming and running as - Gregor shoves through the crowd into the exit, as - Deirdre pushes through the crowd, and now she's made it i the tunnel.  Now we go -
54) 39) dialog: But you can't. And now Sam runs into the tunnel, after the others, leavi Vincent for a fraction of a second to sigh, and then foll Sam into -
55) 4) dialog: Hey... Edvard is startled by the sound of Sam's voice.  Even as squeezes off the shot, Edvard turns to look at Sam, and a does so, Vincent strikes out at the gun, sending the shot awry, causing it to - RICOCHET wildly, whining around the room, until it - Rips through Sam's side, a nasty wound b not fatal, as - Edvard tries to fire another shot but it' too late, because - Vincent fires a single shot to the he that kills Edvard.
57) 0) text: The town of Orange is just visible below us as the commandeered Car drives up into the hills.  Vincent is be the wheel, while the wounded Sam sits in the passenger se Gritting his teeth, Sam peels back his shirt to get a loo - THE WOUND, and it's small but bad -- the ricochet rippe small raw hole in Sam's side.  The wound bleeds, but moderately so -- no major organs or arteries have been hi
57) 2) dialog: I didn't save your life back there. Risked it, maybe -- but I didn't save shit.
57) 4) dialog: (hopeful)
57) 7) dialog: (sharply)
57) 13) dialog: Not exactly.
57) 15) dialog: If I was a cop, a real cop, I'd have busted you a long time ago.  This isn't about you, it's about the job I have to do.
57) 17) dialog: My job, Vincent, a job you don't need to know about.  I can't go to the local cops -- they'd never be able to get close enough at this point.  It's me or nobody, and I've been on this job too goddamned long not to finish. BEAT.  Sam takes out his own pack of cigarettes, offers o to Vincent and takes another for himself.  They smoke for second, before Vincent speaks.
57) 19) dialog: We?  There is no we in my world now, Vincent, just me.
57) 21) dialog: This doesn't involve you, don't you understand?  I can't even guarantee you any money out of all this.
57) 23) dialog: You don't have to do this.
57) 25) text: Yes I do. Sam gives Vincent a look and shakes his head in disbelief Vincent's loyalty and sense of honor is something he's ne seen before, and Sam can only smoke in silence and consid this as we -
60) 0) text: The Stolen Car parks behind a BARN, and Sam and Vincent g out.  Waiting for them is a friend of Vincent's - JEAN- PIERRE, a Frenchman in his forties, hearty, burly, friend
60) 4) dialog: American.
61) 0) text: SURGICAL IMPLEMENTS - Are laid out on a clean cloth. Scalpel, forceps, a clamp, a sponge, medical thread and needles.  We PULL BACK TO REVEAL: Sam, stretched out on t kitchen table.  Around him we see - Vincent and Jean-Pier who are wearing rubber gloves and examining Sam's wound. Jean-Pierre holds a mirror up so that Sam can see what's going on.  Sam, with his medical training, is treating himself.
61) 2) text: It's right there, beneath the surface.  I can just make it out. Sam is in terrible pain, but necessity dictates that he f on what's going on so that he can talk Vincent through th next procedure.
61) 4) dialog: (sharply)
61) 6) text: Alright, let's do it. During this next sequence, we CUT BACK AND FORTH between Sam's reactions to the surgery, and the mirror itself whe he's watching.
61) 7) dialog: Douse the wound with alcohol. Vincent pours a healthy splash of rubbing alcohol onto th wound and - Sam grits his teeth as the pain explodes up h central nervous system.
61) 8) dialog: (to Jean-Pierre)
61) 9) text: Take that sponge and wipe away as much of the blood as you can, keep it clean so I can see. Jean-Pierre does as Sam says, wiping away the blood that keeps filling the wound.  Throughout the procedure Jean- Pierre will do this; every time the sponge is saturated h squeezes the excess blood into - A BUCKET which sits on t floor, slowly filling up with drippings from the sponge.
61) 10) dialog: (to Vincent)
61) 12) dialog: Peel back the skin and attach the clamp. Vincent attaches the clamp to Sam's wound.  It takes perh fifteen seconds, and everyone of those seconds is agonizi for Sam.  He sweats, he grits his teeth, he grunts the smallest of grunts.  But he doesn't move.  Finally Vincen done.
61) 14) dialog: You see the bullet?
61) 16) dialog: Good.  Now take the forceps, and remember, Vincent, what we're doing here is routine.  I've done stuff like this at least twenty times in the field.  There are no vital organs where you're working, no major muscles or arteries -- you can't kill me.  Just make sure you've got the bullet before you try to pull it out. Vincent probes the wound with the forceps.  This takes probably thirty seconds, and it hurts even more then when clamp was attached. Several times - Vincent seems to have the bullet in his grasp, but it slips, and each time it slips - Sam makes t smallest of noises, as if to indicate the level of the pa Finally - The forceps firmly grasp the bullet, and with a single tug, Vincent extracts it.
61) 18) text: A souvenir... He tosses the bullet through the air, and we FOLLOW IT IN SLOW MOTION as it lands in - A SAUCER, which sits on the kitchen counter.  We're back in REAL TIME, as the bullet rolls around the plate for a second before coming to a ha Now - Sam breathes the hugest of sighs, and his face rela Instantly, Vincent puts a lighted cigarette in Sam's mout and he drags deeply on it.
61) 19) dialog: (to Vincent)
61) 22) dialog: Then if you don't mind... (he hands the cigarette back to Vincent)
63) 0) text: Sam is awake.  Pale from the loss of blood, he moves soft around the kitchen, searching professionally for somethin giving the moment a slightly dangerous feel because he se so intent on what he's doing and then he finds it - THE COFFEE.
64) 0) text: A STEAMING CUT OF COFFEE sits in Sam's hands as he lights cigarette to go with the coffee.  He sits on an ancient chair, smoking in silence, looking out at - THE WOODS aro the house, and this place is postcard-beautiful, the Fren Farmhouse you see only in pictures.  But Sam's mind is elsewhere, he's staring into space, lost in thought.
64) 2) dialog: (responding to the question)
64) 6) dialog: Soon.
64) 8) dialog: Yeah.
64) 10) dialog: It gets done now or not at all.  Another couple of days and the parties concerned are gone where I can't get them.
64) 14) dialog: Vincent doesn't owe me a thing. Vincent looks up when he hears his name and he moves towa the sound of the voices.
64) 16) dialog: I didn't expect that he would.
64) 19) dialog: Vincent told you that I'm a cop?
64) 21) dialog: So this is what, a test?
64) 23) dialog: If I was healthy, I could take that away from you.
64) 25) dialog: So what is it you want to know?
64) 27) dialog: Created?
64) 30) dialog: Vincent's life is his own burden; he'll have to carry it for himself.  And I'm not any kind of Samurai.
64) 32) dialog: A Samurai has honor, a Samurai live by the code of Bushido, the way of the warrior.  I'm just a killer for hire. (beat)
64) 33) text: The world isn't about honor, anymore. It's about survival. LONG BEAT.  Something in Sam's speech touches Jean-Pierre He relaxes his finger on the hammer.
68) 13) dialog: What's the story?
70) 0) text: A HUGE FALAFEL drips lettuce and tahini sauce from its en We PULL BACK ON - Tony, who's just taken a bite out of th falafel.  He sits at a table in the back with Vincent and Sam.
70) 5) dialog: (instantly)
70) 8) dialog: I'm sure.
70) 12) dialog: Why's that?
70) 14) dialog: It's the Irish tape we want.
70) 18) dialog: (repeating it, he knows this name)
70) 22) dialog: I know of him.
70) 28) text: Why don't you wait outside, this won't take long. Sam smiles slightly and rises from the table, moving towa the exit.  Behind him in rapid-fire French, Tony and Vinc are now discussing the price of the information.  They ar both loud and abusive, and obviously they're enjoying themselves immensely.
72) 0) text: Where Sam sits in the passenger seat as Vincent slides be the wheel.  Vincent tosses Sam a piece of paper.
72) 1) dialog: The Irish representative?
72) 3) dialog: What's this?
72) 5) dialog: Thorough man. Vincent starts the car and we -
74) 0) text: A PIECE OF PAPER scarwled with the same address: 35 de Glacon.  We PULL BACK TO REVEAL - Sam, holding this paper and looking out at the apartment complex.
74) 1) dialog: You sure your friend got the right place?
74) 4) dialog: Do what?
74) 6) dialog: It's my job.
74) 8) text: You don't work for Interpol, Sam.
74) 9) dialog: Sure I do.  You heard him, you heard the guy -- that's what he said, what Edvard said.
74) 11) text: You work for the CIA, it's the only possible answer. LONG BEAT.  Sam considers what to say, and then decides h owes Vincent the truth.
74) 12) dialog: I'm a field agent -- last of an already extinct breed.  I do dark ops.
74) 14) dialog: Dark operations.  Wet work.  Kidnaping. Assassination.
74) 16) dialog: It is at that.
74) 18) dialog: I never made that claim.
74) 20) dialog: You were behind the door?
74) 22) dialog: You would have done that?
74) 24) dialog: (almost to himself)
74) 28) dialog: (quietly exultant)
74) 31) text: He's not dead. BACK ON Sam and Vincent.
74) 32) dialog: (figuring it out)
74) 35) dialog: You said it yourself: Gregor's not dead. If they had the package, they'd have killed him. Vincent and Sam exchange a look -- now they both figure i out. VINCENT &amp; SAM (simultaneously)
76) 0) text: The Black Compact Car idles at a nearby curb, with Deirdr behind the wheel.  She's staring so intently at the front the post office, that she's surprised when a SHADOW falls across her.  She looks up to see - Sam, standing next to car.  Deirdre starts to reach for her weapon, but Sam cut her off with a word.
76) 1) dialog: Don't do it... Something in his voice conveys enough of a threat that sh backs off.  Now she and Sam exchange a long look.
76) 4) dialog: Oh please..you're on some sort of holy mission?
76) 6) dialog: Don't even think that I'm buying that.
76) 8) dialog: I didn't say I was.
76) 10) text: Bloody fucking hell... CUT AWAY TO: Gregor and Seamus are leaving the post offic By now, Seamus has taken the package away from Gregor. Unseen by these two men - Vincent is approaching from the side, on an intercept course, his hand inside a bag which carries with him.  Now - Deirdre turns and shoots Sam a l He's still watching her keenly, and we can see that she's aching to reach for her piece, but she can't because Sam still on her like a hawk.
76) 11) dialog: Don't even think it. He pulls back the folds of his suit jacket, revealing his gun, putting his hand comfortably on the pistol grip.
76) 12) dialog: I'd kill you before you had it halfway out. Vincent is closing on Gregor and Seamus, another ten seco and he'll have them. Now - Deirdre looks back at Sam, then back at the situati developing in front of her, and then suddenly - She slams car into gear and drives off, tires squealing while - Sam pulls his piece, sighting down the barrel and - He can't it, can't shoot Deirdre.  Now - The sound of the car aler Seamus, who turns in time to see - Vincent, who is raisin the bag wrapped around his hand as - The car flies direct at - Vincent, who if forced to jump out of the way even a pulls the trigger of the gun hidden within the bag.  The of the bag explodes in a burst of fire, but the shots are the mark - Missing Seamus and Gregor as - Vincent rolls o of the way, just in time, while - Deirdre brakes the car screaming halt, as Seamus pushes Gregor in ahead of him a then gets in.  Seconds later, the car pulls out, even as Sam drives up in the Peugeot to Vincent, who picks himsel off the ground and leaps into the car.  The last thing we hear is the sound of Sam's Voice as the Peugeot drives of
76) 13) dialog: Put your seatbelt on.
77) 0) text: During this SEQUENCE, we'll JUMP CUT BETWEEN the two cars the streets they travel through.  Now - The Black Compact flies down a small street, followed closely by - The Peug where Sam is driving as Vincent tries to steady his gun t get a clear shot at the other Car.
77) 3) dialog: I don't know...
77) 47) dialog: Give me a cigarette.
77) 49) dialog: Gimme a goddamn cigarette!!!!
77) 52) text: You're not French, you don't live here, you don't know these roads.  Why are you driving? He puts the cigarette in Sam's mouth and as he does - The Peugeot weaves in and out of the traffic, gaining ground the Compact, and now - SCREEEEECCHHH!!!!  About fifteen c pile up, crashing into one another, and yet somehow - The Compact Car emerges from the pile up unscathed, and Seamu breathes a hugh sigh of relief.
77) 59) text: They're good! And now the Peugeot SLAMS into the side of the Compact Ca and as it does - Seamus opens fire with his gun, even as Vincent unloads the better part of a clip as - Glass shat in both cars, and now Deirdre looks up to see - A FORK IN THE ROAD, and the left side of the fork is clos off, blocked by - A SERIOUS CONCRETE BARRICADE, and the Compact Car is headed right for it, and now - Sam has the Peugeot pinned right to the side of the Compa Car, metal against metal, a scream of steel as the Barric rushes straight at them and at the last second - Deirdre slams on the brakes as - Seamus fires one last shot that - blows out the window in front of Sam's eyes, causing Sam to - Jerk the wheel of t Peugeot wildly, spinning out of control onto the exit ram Gregor reaches over and unbuckles Seamus's seatbelt right The Compact Car slams into the Barricade and CRASHES, and we're in SLOW MOTION as - Deirdre is driven forward by the force of the impact, but there's a driver's side air bag, and it explodes, cushion her, even as - Seamus is hurled form the car, crashing through the windshield and flying through the air as - The Compact Car flips over and over and over while - Gregor, who is wearing his seatbelt, hangs on for dear li to the Briefcase, which he grabbed back from Seamus befor the crash, and now - Seamus hits the ground with a terrible thud, his face sliced to ribbons by the windshield, but somehow still al as - Sam tries to control the Peugeot, which is in a spin on t exit ramp as - Gregor kicks open the back door and slides out of the Car carrying the Briefcase with him, as - Deirdre struggles to free herself from the wreck, which i now - On fire, and now - Sam has managed to stop the Peugeot, but it's too late to back, because - A VERITABLE FLEET OF COP CARS is now closing on the accid and it's too late to turn around, and even as - Deirdre manages to pull herself out of the wreck, it - EXPLODES into a ball of fire, and the blast wave of fire Hits Seamus, knocking him down, covering him for a second even as - Deirdre hurls herself through the flames and co out - Rolling away with Seamus, who is now not only cut t pieces, but his face is covered with some hideous burns. Now Deirdre pulls Seamus over the side of the embankment, right before the cops arrive, and the two of them roll/fa almost thirty down a steep incline, even as - Sam catches a quick glimpse of - Gregor, scurrying away from the highway, carrying the Briefcase, and now Sam has to gun his car and get gone, because the Cops have reached - The Wreck, which is quickly burning itself out, and as th Cops look into the debris they see that - THERE'S NOBODY LEFT.  Everybody's gone. FADE OUT.
78) 0) text: A FRONT DOOR, guarded by about five heavy locks, opens an Vincent and Sam enter.  Sam looks around and surveys the apartment.
78) 1) dialog: Nice place. ANOTHER ANGLE - And we see the rest of the apartment: the practically nothing here.  A table with a couple of chair fridge.  An open door leads to a bedroom with a small, sp bed and a nightstand with a cheap lamp.
78) 4) dialog: Business keeps you on the road?
78) 6) dialog: I know I don't need to say this to you, but I need to say it to you. (beat)
78) 9) dialog: No you don't, and you know it.
78) 11) dialog: (he says this too quickly)
78) 16) dialog: Yeah.  We need out fucking heads examined. Vincent thinks about this for a seoncd -- and then burst laughing as we -
81) 0) text: THE SAME RAIN falls, more of a steady mist than a rain. mist GLEAMS electrically in the THOUSAND WATT LIGHTS whic shine from - THE CHATEAU.  Hundreds of years old, it sits back from its own MAIN GATE.  In front of the Chateau - A MEN.  Lots of them.  Whatever this place is, it's not one that invites company.  Now we're - MOVING TOWARDS the Chateau, and as we MOVE we get a glimpse of the surroundi environment: ancient statues, sitting benches in private gardens, small pools of fish -- you name it, this place h it.  We hear VOICES, and they're talking in - RUSSIAN. Heavy, thick Russian, punctuated with words like "Da!" an "Nyet!" -- making it clear that we've reached the address the Russian Production Company.  BEHIND THE CHATEAU - MOR GARDENS, more everything.  It's well-patrolled, but there aren't quite as many guards back here as there are out fr because bordering the chateau is a natural fotress -
81) 2) dialog: Not here.  They might see it.
81) 4) text: Besides, there's half a forest between us and them, they can't see a goddamned thing. Vincent offers one to Sam, who declines with a shake of his head.
81) 5) dialog: Time to quit.
81) 7) dialog: Not just like that... Just before I turn around and it's six months from now and the first thing I do when I wake up in the morning is light a cigarette.
81) 10) text: Samurai pain in the ass.
81) 11) dialog: (he hates this)
81) 15) dialog: (qith a cynical laugh)
81) 16) text: The mark of a true Samurai. (seriously)
81) 19) dialog: Because I don't walk away.
81) 21) dialog: It's the one thing I've got left to hold onto. (beat)
81) 24) dialog: And yet you would have killed him to save my life. (quick beat)
81) 27) dialog: That's a good question.
81) 29) dialog: (he's really just considering this)
83) 0) text: A TAXI pulls up to the Main Gate and Gregor gets out. Attached to his wrist, by that same handcuff: the Briefca Gregor is admitted by a Guard as we -
85) 1) dialog: I'm on point, Vincent.
85) 25) dialog: Let's work our way through the building. I'll take one wing, you take the other. Vincent and Sam split up, moving into separate WINGS of t Chateau, and as they move off Sam speaks a word of warnin
85) 26) dialog: Watch your back, Vincent. And then they're gone, and we're with - Deirdre, who's running through the house, going from room room, and we're with her for a minute, the JAPANESE DRUM starts to play again, and now it's joined by more and mor drums, and they continue for the test of this sequence an suddenly - A HUGE BURST OF GUNFIRE is heard, dragging Deirdre's attention towards -
85) 33) dialog: Go on, them... But Deirdre can't do it.  There's something between these two, and now - Sam looks around and sees Deirdre's other pistol lying on a broken chair, and now he - Kicks out with his foot and hits the chair leg, causing i function as a lever, sending the gun - THROUGH THE AIR in graceful SLOW-MO arc until it - THWACKS into Sam's Hand. he's armed and he looks back at - Deirdre.  Her FINGER tightens on the trigger, she's almost ready to shoot -- i Sam raises his piece, he's a dead man.
85) 43) dialog: I'll work on it... The two men don't have time for any more words, they move from the Gallery and find themselves in -
85) 48) dialog: That's me.
85) 57) dialog: (to Deirdre)
85) 60) dialog: And now...
85) 62) text: Finish it! Sam considers, but before he can make up his mind, Deirdr sees something through the wreck of the Dining Room Windo OUT ON THE BACK LAWN - We've already seen that it's borde on one side by the woods, for the first time we notice - LAKE, which laps against a PRIVATE DOCK, where a row boat tethered.  Now - BENEATH A VERY FULL MOON, the stark figu of Gregor makes its way toward the Dock.
85) 64) text: Sam... Sam turns at the sound of her voice and sees Gregor makin his escape.  Sam looks back at Vincent, who is almost pas out from blood loss.
85) 68) dialog: Deirdre, wait up -- But it's too late: Gregor steps out from behind - A BOATHOUSE, and before Deirdre can even figure out what happened, Gregor has her in an arm lock, a gun to her hea His free hand sticks out and we see the Briefcase, which still handcuffed to his wrist.
85) 78) text: Shoot that traitorous bitch and I'll let you live. THE TOP OF SEAMUS'S HEAD explodes, finishing him off once for all, killed by - Vincent, who has staggered out to make this one necessary shot.  But he can go no further, and he collapses in his blood, near death, just as - Gregor takes a step towards boat and - Sam makes up his mind and shoots - THE BULLET
85) 80) dialog: Are you alright?
86) 0) text: Sam waits outside a hospital room, inside of which we get glimpse of - A DOCTOR tending to a heavily bandaged and sedated Vincent.  As Sam waits - TWO GENDARMES and a PLAINCLOTHES DETECTIVE approach.  The Detective looks at for a BEAT, and then goes to push past him.  Sam blocks h way.
86) 2) dialog: I'm sorry, I can't allow that. Sam reaches into his coat, and for a moment everybody thi he's going for his gun, but instead he comes out with - A PIECE OF PAPER.  He hands it to the Detective.
86) 3) dialog: Call that number and ask them what you should do. The Detective eyeballs the number suspiciously.
86) 6) dialog: Thank you very much.
86) 9) dialog: Here and there, I guess. The Doctor isn't entirely satisfied with this answer, but it's the only one she's going to get, because Sam moves p into -
87) 0) text: He's barely alive -- but alive nonetheless.  And he's hea Sam speak in French to the Doctor.
87) 2) dialog: What?
87) 4) dialog: What of it?
87) 9) dialog: You don't owe me a goddamned thing, Vincent, and you know it.  You stepped in front of a bullet for me. (very seriously, he now believes this)
87) 13) dialog: (rising to leave)
87) 17) dialog: I don't know.  Nobody knows, except a bunch of people who are too dead to tell us.  There's probably a couple of guys back at the Company who know, but I don't think they plan to tell me anytime soon.
87) 20) dialog: Gone.  Destroyed.
87) 22) text: I guess that's for the best. Sam turns for the door but Vincent has one last thing to
87) 24) dialog: It's what you would have done. And on that note Sam exits the room, leaving a bemused Vincent behind.
88) 2) dialog: I told you, I quit.
88) 10) dialog: Not me.  You work too often with the same people and you become friends -- clouds your judgement.
88) 13) text: Besides, I know of a job that's available. Sam can't help it -- he's interested.
88) 14) dialog: How much does it pay?
89) 0) text: SILENCE AND FOG.  A RIVER FERRY does a slow ghostly glide down the river, and in seconds it approaches - THE RIVERSIDE CAFE, which appears through the mist, looke by -- A SLEEK PAIR OF SUN GLASSES attached to a young PUNK in a leather coat, and the Punk is looking at - Sam, Vincent, especially: Deirdre.  Sam looks up and shouts a warning a The Punk pulls a shotgun from beneath his leather coat, p the gun and screams out at Deirdre with an Irish accent -
89) 3) text: We have to go, Sam, we can't be here. Sam looks at Vincent, and for a moment Sam struggles to f something to say, but he can't find a goddamned thing.  T SIRENS are getting louder -
89) 5) text: Let's go!! Vincent literally drags Sam away and now the SIRENS have arrived, followed quickly by - THE GENDARMES, who come running into the Cafe but - It's empty except for Deirdre body.  Now -
89) 8) text: Doctor's orders... But Sam isn't there to take the cigarette -- Vincent look around, trying to see what happened to his friend, but th fog has covered any sign of Sam.  Vincent stands there, stunned, alone, the cigarettes in an outstretched hand th slowly falls back to Vincent's side as he realizes that S has left him on purpose.  Then - Vincent lights both cigarettes at the saem time and throws one of them over t stone wall - THE GLOWING CIGARETTE arcs through the air u it lands in the river where it extinguishes with a hiss.