54) 43) dialog: (to Gregor, with an Irish accent)
56) 0) text: Deirdre has reached the Citroen.  She looks in and sees Seamus and Gregor.  Lastly she looks at the dead Larry. sighs in disgust, but otherwise doesn't react as if surprised.
59) 0) text: where Gregor sits, bound and gagged in a chair, his eyes with fright.  Now - The Peephole snicks shut, and Deirdre turns to face Seamus Reilly.
59) 2) dialog: Now there's the Deirdre I know.
59) 4) dialog: It means I was worried that all the time you spent away from the fold might have affected you.  You've been living the life of the hired gun -- the well paid hired gun, I might note.  There's no glory to it, but there are those that like it.
59) 6) dialog: It's been known to happen.
59) 8) dialog: (goading her)
59) 9) text: I thought I did. Seamus's taunt works: Deirdre whips out her gun and puts to his head.
59) 11) dialog: Just testing, lass.  Forgive me, but I had to do it. Deirdre glares a moment more and then puts away her gun.
65) 0) text: A BLACK COMPACT CAR sits in front of a Parisian Post Offi Inside the car, behind the wheel, we see Deirdre.  Now, coming out of the Post Office, we see - Gregor and Seamus Reilly.  Seamus has a coat slung over his arm, hiding the which he keeps pressed to Gregor's side.  There's no sign the Briefcase as Seamus and Gregor get into -
66) 0) text: THUNK!  The door slams shut.  Gregor and Seamus are in th back seat.  Almost instantly Seamus angrily snaps a pair handcuffs on Gregor.  Immediately, Deirdre pulls out.
66) 4) dialog: (jumping all over him)
66) 7) dialog: (disgusted)
66) 10) text: The package didn't come.  I'm sure it will tomorrow. Suddenly Seamus seems to lose it.  He grabs Gregor and sl a gun against his head.
66) 11) dialog: (he's almost foaming at the mouth)
66) 14) text: I swear, it has to come here!  It has to... BEAT.  For one tension-filled moment, we think Seamus is going to splash Gregor's brains all over the place.  But he smiles, puts his weapon away, and pats Gregor gently o the face.
66) 15) dialog: Ease up, man...I'm just checking to make sure you're on the level. Gregor is beyond speech -- he can only whimper.
66) 16) dialog: And it seems to me I saw a sign in there that says they got a late afternoon delivery.  Why don't we come back later today and do this all over again, huh? Seamus smiles a smile that is more than a little bit sadistic.  Neither Gregor nor Deirdre smiles in return as
70) 19) text: Seamus Reilly.
74) 29) text: All things come to those who wait. Now Deirdre is followed by Seamus and Gregor.
75) 0) text: A HAND signs a receipt, and we PULL BACK TO REVEAL Gregor a counter, signing for his package, which slides across t counter.  It's the Briefcase, although it's been wrapped BROWN PAPER for its journey through the French Postal Sys Now we see that - Seamus is still right beside Gregor; is face, almost on top of him, with a hand in his coat pocke which lets us know where his gun is.  Now - The two men s to move towards the exit as we -
76) 10) text: Bloody fucking hell... CUT AWAY TO: Gregor and Seamus are leaving the post offic By now, Seamus has taken the package away from Gregor. Unseen by these two men - Vincent is approaching from the side, on an intercept course, his hand inside a bag which carries with him.  Now - Deirdre turns and shoots Sam a l He's still watching her keenly, and we can see that she's aching to reach for her piece, but she can't because Sam still on her like a hawk.
77) 6) dialog: What in bloody hell is going on?
77) 8) dialog: From Interpol?
77) 13) dialog: Why didn't you kill him?
77) 19) dialog: How is it these fellahs managed to get the drop on us?
77) 28) dialog: (lecturing Deridre)
77) 33) dialog: (as if finishing Vincent's sentence)
77) 40) dialog: (waving the package)
77) 43) dialog: You've told me a lot of things, boyo... ZING-SHATTER!  A BULLET blows a hole in their back windsh as - The Peugeot is catching up, and Vincent is leaning o of his window, firing away.  Now - Seamus turns to Deirdr
77) 44) dialog: Lose them!
77) 46) dialog: To the right!!! Deirdre swerves to the right only to discover that she's on an - EXIT RAMP, going against heavy traffic.  Now - Deirdre swerves her car around, side-swiping several cars but avoiding a major crash while - The Peugeot follows al and now - One of the cars that Deirdre side-swiped careens wildly d the ramp, crashing into - The Peugeot, which grinds to a as Vincent and Sam bounce forward in their seats, restrai by their seatbelts.  The car has stalled, and Sam has to start her up again and slam it into gear before following after - The Compact, which now has a lead of perhaps fift yards -- but at least it's possible for the Peugeot to fo after the Compact, because it's the only car on the highw ahead of them that's GOING THE WRONG WAY, and now we - PU BACK, LOOKING DOWN FROM ABOVE, and the two cars are flyin through the rush-hour traffic, going the wrong way, and n The Peugeot is gaining ground as Sam turns to Vincent.
77) 53) dialog: About time!
77) 56) dialog: (practically tearing his hair)
77) 59) text: They're good! And now the Peugeot SLAMS into the side of the Compact Ca and as it does - Seamus opens fire with his gun, even as Vincent unloads the better part of a clip as - Glass shat in both cars, and now Deirdre looks up to see - A FORK IN THE ROAD, and the left side of the fork is clos off, blocked by - A SERIOUS CONCRETE BARRICADE, and the Compact Car is headed right for it, and now - Sam has the Peugeot pinned right to the side of the Compa Car, metal against metal, a scream of steel as the Barric rushes straight at them and at the last second - Deirdre slams on the brakes as - Seamus fires one last shot that - blows out the window in front of Sam's eyes, causing Sam to - Jerk the wheel of t Peugeot wildly, spinning out of control onto the exit ram Gregor reaches over and unbuckles Seamus's seatbelt right The Compact Car slams into the Barricade and CRASHES, and we're in SLOW MOTION as - Deirdre is driven forward by the force of the impact, but there's a driver's side air bag, and it explodes, cushion her, even as - Seamus is hurled form the car, crashing through the windshield and flying through the air as - The Compact Car flips over and over and over while - Gregor, who is wearing his seatbelt, hangs on for dear li to the Briefcase, which he grabbed back from Seamus befor the crash, and now - Seamus hits the ground with a terrible thud, his face sliced to ribbons by the windshield, but somehow still al as - Sam tries to control the Peugeot, which is in a spin on t exit ramp as - Gregor kicks open the back door and slides out of the Car carrying the Briefcase with him, as - Deirdre struggles to free herself from the wreck, which i now - On fire, and now - Sam has managed to stop the Peugeot, but it's too late to back, because - A VERITABLE FLEET OF COP CARS is now closing on the accid and it's too late to turn around, and even as - Deirdre manages to pull herself out of the wreck, it - EXPLODES into a ball of fire, and the blast wave of fire Hits Seamus, knocking him down, covering him for a second even as - Deirdre hurls herself through the flames and co out - Rolling away with Seamus, who is now not only cut t pieces, but his face is covered with some hideous burns. Now Deirdre pulls Seamus over the side of the embankment, right before the cops arrive, and the two of them roll/fa almost thirty down a steep incline, even as - Sam catches a quick glimpse of - Gregor, scurrying away from the highway, carrying the Briefcase, and now Sam has to gun his car and get gone, because the Cops have reached - The Wreck, which is quickly burning itself out, and as th Cops look into the debris they see that - THERE'S NOBODY LEFT.  Everybody's gone. FADE OUT.
79) 0) text: Deirdre once behind the wheel.  The passenger seat next t her is empty, but as she drives we can see her eyes as th flick from the road in front of her, to the rearview mirr which reveals - A glimpse of the HIDEOUS FACE of Seamus Reilly.  Crashing through the windshield and the blast of fire have forever changed the way he looks: his face is now a mass of oozin wounds and burn tissue.  In his eyes we see the light of sick, twisted man who's gone over the edge.
79) 2) dialog: (a hideous laugh)
79) 6) dialog: (losing it)
79) 8) text: Shut up and drive!  I'm your superior officer and you will do as I goddamn well say, is that understood?!? BEAT.  Deirdre bristles at Seamus's words but says nothin
79) 9) dialog: Do I need to repeat myself?
84) 15) dialog: The moment of truth, is it? ANOTHER ANGLE - Deirdre and Seamus have entered the room. And we notice something unusual: nobody is alarmed (excep for Gregor, that is).  It's as if they were expected.
84) 17) dialog: What am I doing here?  Why, I'm here to see my partners, Gregor, the boys in the Russian Mafia.  See, your bosses had hoped to screw me by hiring you to pull your thieving double cross.  But they only just found out that what's in the briefcase is completely useless without me.  I can't fight them, and they can't kill me -- that means we're gonna have to do business together.
84) 19) dialog: What's a little hate between business partners?
85) 6) dialog: Figured enough to know there's an odd man out and I'm looking at him.
85) 14) dialog: It looks, Gentlemen, as if we're gonna have to sit down to table and work out an agreement. Before this entirely too-weird scenario can play itself w back to -
85) 30) dialog: I can't take it anymore. (to Mikhi)
85) 31) text: Watch him, man, I'm going out and finish what needs finishing! And Seamus is gone, and so are we -- back to -
85) 45) dialog: Turn around real slow, and try hard not to breathe when you do it. ANOTHER ANGLE - Seamus Reilly has come in behind them, an he's got his gun pointed straight at Sam's heart.  If Sea is enraged at discovering Gregor's absence, he's overjoye find Sam in his place.
85) 46) dialog: It's you... (touches his face)
85) 49) dialog: Have a nice afterlife. Seamus pulls the trigger and his BULLET spins out towards Sam, ready to blow a hole through him except that - Vince leaps forward and takes the bullet -- it rips into his si a huge splash of red against his white shirt.  He falls t the ground, horribly wounded, but he's given Sam enough t and now - Sam and Seamus open fire on one another - BULLE RIPPING into the table, chewing up the china and crystal, taking glass shattering bites out of the CHANDELIER above table, turning the Dining Room from a primo Louis XIV showpiece into shit as the two men move about and then suddenly - They're face to face, each with a gun to the o - Mexican Standoff.  Suddenly, from Off Screen -
85) 51) dialog: Deirdre, do for him, woman, put a fucking bullet in his head! Deirdre hesitates, uncertain.
85) 52) dialog: Do it, for Christ's sake, do it so we can find that stinking Gregor, he's got the bloody package!  For God's sake, you're a soldier... These last words sink into Deirdre: she is a soldier.  He gun swivels towards Sam.
85) 53) dialog: (sensing he's getting to her)
85) 75) dialog: (a horrible croak)
85) 76) text: If you don't, I will... ANOTHER ANGLE - Seamus is somehow still barely alive -- h not long for this world, but the will for revenge has dri him this far.
85) 77) dialog: (to Sam, in a cold pale rage)
85) 78) text: Shoot that traitorous bitch and I'll let you live. THE TOP OF SEAMUS'S HEAD explodes, finishing him off once for all, killed by - Vincent, who has staggered out to make this one necessary shot.  But he can go no further, and he collapses in his blood, near death, just as - Gregor takes a step towards boat and - Sam makes up his mind and shoots - THE BULLET