11) 10) text: Why don't you go do better, then... Without a word, Sam pops a new clip into the gun and SHOO THE LIGHTS out of several other human targets, hitting ea target in a different place.  One he clips between the ey the next in the heart, one in the groin, and then the las target - He SPLITS DOWN THE MIDDLE, firing shot after sho from the head to the groin until the target is sheared in half.  Larry is impressed in spite of himself.
11) 18) text: I intend to.  This phone is wired like no other: it's got an encryption chip and instant sat-a-link recognition, it can talk to any computer in any language and make it understand.  With my custom hardware and this phone I can trace the target's cell phone signature and follow him anywhere he goes...
25) 8) text: You call me with the target's route, I follow along until we've reached the attack point and then I run his squag ass off the road.
25) 20) text: ...Leaving me to step in, drop the target in the back seat, and get the package...
28) 2) text: Ready when you are... Gregor is sitting behind a console, looking at Deirdre's message, which we can read on his laptop.  Gregor also ha much bigger COMPUTER with him as well, and on this screen see - A COMPUTER GRAPHIC MAP OF NICE.  This is a map of incredible detail, a high-tech graphic rendering of Nice. Now - THE MAP starts to shift, randomly moving about the as it searches for the proper signal.  The computer isola an entire district of the city, enlarges a part of the district, and then locates and enlarges a single street. - On screen a FLASHING CURSOR appears on the map, the TAR The Cursor starts to move down one of the streets of Nice as we follow the Curson it TURNS INTO - THE TARGET CAR, driving home the point that Gregor is now locked onto the Target.  THE JAPANESE DRUMS we heard in the opening seque start to play again -- softly, ominously, and we're on -
33) 2) text: The Volvo takes a flying left turn - Gregor watches the Target on his computer as it moves tow the Promenade des Anglais, typing the results on his keyboard as - The Volvo careens down a steep hill, hits a bump, and flies through the air a good fifteen feet, even The Fiat follows close behind and hits the same bump, doe the same flight through the air and lands with a thud - THE CARAVAN of cars -
33) 4) dialog: Fuck you!
33) 12) text: We've been crossed... The SIRENS reach a crescendo as a group of GENDARMES arri charging with automatic weapons drawn.  Between the Frenc cops and our heroes lies the shot up wreck of the Target and now - Sam takes out a GRENADE, pulls the pin, and rol it across the ground, beneath the Mercedes, which the cop have just reached.  Seconds later - The Car EXPLODES, cut off the cops, and as this happens, Vincents puts the peda the floor and gets the fuck out of Dodge.  We start to SL PULL BACK on the remains of this battle: the dead bodies, shot up cars, the broken glass, and that flaming, smoking hulk of a Mercedes in the middle of the street.