5) 3) text: ...And that's not football. The one man at the bar who's been watching the gam turns slowly and gives Larry a long look.  This is VINCENT: Fre hard boiled and solid.  Charming when he wants to be, whi isn't all that often.  He gives Larry a long look and the speaks -
5) 4) dialog: (to Larry in perfect English)
5) 5) text: Football -- American football -- is a game for faggots. A BEAT.  The other two men at the bar, who seem like toug customers themselves, pretend not to watch too closely, b they're interested: what's Larry going to say?  For a mom it seems as if he's pissed, but then suddenly a smile bre out on his face and he laughs heartily at Vincent's remar Vincent joins in, as do the others.  In particular - THE BARTENDER looks relieved -- he's tough enough to toss a b drunk, but these guys are in a different league.  The Bartender laughs with the others, happy to have avoided a confrontation as we go back to -
7) 0) text: Sam enters and by now the men inside have all come togeth at the bar, talking casually, recognizing they're somehow here for a reason.  With Larry and Vincent we see - GREGO man from Eastern Europe.  His accent is hard to pin down, but he most definitely has one.  Gregor has the air of an spook, and that's exactly what he is.  Lastly we see SWED blonde, muscular, and somehow blank in the face.  No, he' not stupid -- he's a sociopath.  Now - Sam looks at the group, which grows quiet as he enters.  Finally, Sam spea
7) 2) dialog: (a challenge)
7) 5) text: Who else would you be? Vincent turns towards the others, including them in an expansive gesture.
7) 6) dialog: Perhaps the police?
7) 8) dialog: Cigarette?
10) 3) dialog: Let's just say he knows who I am. Vincent takes out his pack of cigarettes and offer them around the table -- again, nobody takes on.  Vincent seem really disappointed by this.
10) 5) dialog: (lighting his cigarette)
10) 35) text: Not likely.  Once, yeah, I was -- but there wasn't an inch of profit in it, and I'm a cash oriented girl, if you take my meaning.  I'm a hired gun, same as the rest of you, and that's all any of us needs to know about the other. Deirdre hands out several thick envelopes.  Larry and Swe open theirs and stare at the wads of Franc Notes stuffed inside.  Even Gregor cracks his envelope and peaks at his money.  But neither Vincent nor Sam takes a look.
10) 45) dialog: I'm Vincent.  And I coordinate.
10) 48) dialog: Things.  This is my country, you know. The two men exchange another look.  A pecking order is developing among the group: Vincent and Sam are both natu leaders, and now they're feeling one another out.
10) 50) text: Coordinate all you want, but make sure whatever you do gets cleared through me. (Vincent doesn't respond for a moment)
10) 51) text: Are we in sync on this, Vincent?
10) 52) dialog: Of course. Deirdre waits a BEAT, letting Vincent know what she isn't more intimidated by him than he is by her.  Finally, she turns to Swede.
10) 56) dialog: And what is it you do?
11) 31) text: Next one of you fuckers plays this game I'm going to do for you myself.  I won't say it again: we don't have time for this shit!  There's a clock running on this job, gentlemen, and I mean to be on schedule. A TENSE MOMENT as Deirdre stares down at these tough guys letting them know who's in charge.  A SOUND from OFF SCRE interrupts this moment: a DOOR opening, as we see - Vince who stands in the door, wearing his coat and hat. He's been out somewhere, and he looks first at the squabb men, and then at - Deirdre.  She gives Vincent a little n a silent command that makes Vincent turn to Sam.
11) 32) dialog: Let's go for a ride. Vincent and Sam start off, moving towards the door, while and larry slowly pick themselves up off the ground.
11) 34) dialog: To see a man about a thing.
12) 0) text: A DESOLATE URBAN LANDSCAPE - Sam and Vincent walking away from the warehouse, which is housed in what looks to be t toughest neighborhood in the city, filled with CHEAP CONC PUBLIC HOUSING and INDUSTRIAL BUILDINGS. THE SETTING SUN throws a red glow on the street, giving t raw concrete buildings a blood-colored tint, as Sam and Vincent approach a FIAT, a car neither too old nor too ne Before they can reach the car, the two men are intercepte FOUR TOUGHS, young guys in their early twenties.  The LEA of the Toughs apporaches Vincent.
12) 5) dialog: Pretty much what you'd expect.
12) 10) dialog: (to Sam)
12) 13) dialog: Something like that...
12) 15) dialog: I didn't know that you spoke French.
12) 18) dialog: If you think we should. Vincent backfists the Leader in the nose -- hitting him s hard that the Leader skitters back on unsteady feet and t sits down on his ass.  This blow hurt, but the real damag to the Leader's pride.  Now - One of the Toughs rushes at Sam, only to have Sam perform what looks like a jujitsu t which savagely jerks the Tough off his feet and flattens
12) 21) text: Let me give you a hand. Sam reaches down as if to help the Tough, who ignores the hand and totters to his feet.  As soon as he's up he turn and runs away, followed by the other Toughs.  Now only th leader is left behind.  He looks for a second at Vincent Sam, and then turns and runs after his friends.  Vincent calls after him in French, but whatever he says isn't translated.  Vincent turns to unlock the car.
12) 23) dialog: I asked if we could give him anything else. By now the two men are in the car, which starts up and dr off, as it does we -
13) 1) dialog: That was a nice move you did on our young friend.  Judo?
13) 3) dialog: Same thing, isn't it?
13) 5) dialog: What's the difference?
14) 0) text: Vincent is driving and smoking a cigarette.  He tosses hi pack to Sam, but he seems a little surprised at Sam's request.
14) 1) dialog: Help yourself. (quick beat)
14) 5) dialog: A cigarette?  As in one? (exasperated, almost to himself)
14) 8) dialog: Christ, I smoke a pack-and-a-half a day, and I tell myself I could be worse. (takes a satisfying drag)
14) 13) dialog: (with a sigh)
14) 14) text: There is that. Vincent stamps his cigarette out, looking vaguely unhappy that Sam has spoiled his smoke.
14) 16) dialog: Like Larry or Swede.
14) 18) dialog: Let's just say I thought the conversational possibilities were limited.  Of course, I might have brought Gregor, but he didn't seem like the right candidate -- for this.
14) 20) dialog: So is the woman.
14) 22) dialog: I wonder if she truly left the IRA.
14) 25) dialog: I wanted to see who you were.
14) 27) dialog: You were once some kind of special forces.  Airborne Ranger, maybe a Navy SEAL.  After that you rode shotgun for the CIA in some place like El Salvador or Afghanistan, a real mercenary. (beat)
14) 30) dialog: They certainly are.  Whatever it is we're going to steal, it must be quite something.
15) 0) text: The Fiat pulls up to the curb and Vincent and Sam get out Vincent leads Sam around a corner and they come to - AN EXQUISITE PARK, a small, perfectly manicured place -- kind of mini-Luxembourg Gardens in the middle of nowhere. When Sam sees the park, he draws an involuntary breath.
15) 1) dialog: Lovely, isn't it?
15) 4) dialog: Do you have it?
15) 7) dialog: He's company.
15) 10) dialog: What do you mean?
15) 14) dialog: I just wanted to see something.
15) 16) text: See what? Vincent isn't going to answer, but the overbearing Franco chimes in.
15) 23) dialog: I needed to know.
15) 26) text: Are you ready? Francois's French words give Sam pause -- he's wondering what's being said, as - Vincent moves towards Francois, leaving Sam several steps away.  The conversation is agai SUBTITLED FRENCH.
15) 27) dialog: (taking out an envelope)
15) 30) dialog: (immediately tensing)
15) 31) text: What's that? Francois gives the slightest of nods, indicating that Vin should look towards a place perhaps thirty yards away - A COPSE OF TREES, where we see a SNIPER pointed a telesco rifle at Vincent.
15) 33) text: If you say a word in English, Vincent, my friend with the high powered sporting rifle will shoot you in the throat. Sorry to screw you over like this, but the information you want might get me killed if I give it to you, and that's a price I'm not willing to pay.
15) 34) dialog: (in French)
15) 37) text: Of course. SAM'S POV: Looking at Vincent and Francois. The men are talking, and from here we can't really hear t speak.  All Sam can see is an earnest Vincent listening t Francois talk, almost as if Francois is giving Vincent instructions.  Now - Vincent reaches into his pocket, reaching for the envelope of cash he's carrying.  As he h the money to Francois, Vincent uses his free hand to pull his gun while - Sam already has his gun out -- somehow he figured out what was going on -- and now Francois looks o stunned disbelief as - Sam fires a single shot, hitting Francois in the shoulder driving him away from - Vincent, who now squeezes off sev rapid fire shots at the sniper, while - Francois, bleedin but still very much alive, now has his piece free just as The Sniper, his gun firing wildly into the air, falls to ground, shot dead by Vincent, and now - Francois is drawi bead on Vincent when - Sam hits Francois with a fusillade bullets in the chest and now - A SINGLE SPENT BULLED CASI flies through the air in SLOW MOTION and lands on the gro spinning around until it comes to a halt and - A HEAVY SILENCE FALLS, as the last echo of the last gunshot final dies.  Vincent and Sam look at one another, see that they still alive, and then look back at - The two men they've shot.  Francois isn't quite dead.  Blood bubbles from his lips as Vincent leans over him.  Again, they speak in
15) 39) dialog: Where's my information?
15) 42) dialog: Then you better find it in your heart to tell me, Francois, because while your death is inevitable, it still isn't decided how painful it's going to be. A LONG ANGLE - Vincent whispers in Francois's ear, whose blanches as he realizes Vincent means to hurt him.  Franc whispers something back and then - BANG.  Vincent shoots Francois in the head, killing him instantly.  Then Vincen bends down and retrieves the envelope of money which Fran had tucked inside his shirt.  As Vincent does this, Sam c up from behind.
16) 0) text: The two men drive in silence for a moment.  Vincent light cigarette and offers one to Sam, who refuses.  Finally, S speaks.
16) 2) dialog: I needed to see if you were a cop. (defensively)
16) 7) dialog: How did you know?
16) 9) dialog: That there was a gun pointed at me.
16) 11) dialog: But how did you know I would have the presence of mind to pull my weapon when I did?
17) 0) text: Vincent's Fiat is parked at the curb in front of this apartment house.  Vincent and Sam exit the car and move towards the house -- a silence hanging between them.  Rig before they go into the house, Vincent takes out the enve full of cash that was supposed to have been for Francois. thinks for a moment and then hands the whole envelope to
17) 1) dialog: You saved my life back there in the park. I know this doesn't begin to make it right between us... Vincent's voice trails off -- he doesn't know what to say Sam takes the money out of the envelope -- half he keeps himself, the other he gives to Vincent.
17) 3) text: This is business -- this is work.  We did it together, we share the spoils, even split. Sam opens the door to the house, but Vincent has one last thing to say to him.
17) 4) dialog: I owe you a heavy debt. Sam almost smiles cynically at this: debts of honor don't seem to be something he believes in.
18) 0) text: Vincent and Sam sit with Deirdre in a room, alone.  They' told her about the park, and she seems a little pissed ab all of this.
18) 1) dialog: We kept it...
18) 12) text: The deal?  The deal is we leave for Nice at first light. And she exits, leaving these three men behind along with and Vincent, who have entered from the other room.  larry looks at the two of them.
25) 16) dialog: (picking up)
25) 29) dialog: And then Sam, you and I clean up whatever's left to be cleaned.
29) 0) text: Where VINCENT'S FIAT is parked at a curb, Sam and Vincent sitting inside.
30) 0) text: Vincent sits behind the wheel, while Sam sits next to him loading a small arsenal of weapons. The DRUMS grow, a little louder now, a little more urgent
33) 10) text: He just...I don't believe that son-of- a... Vincent's Fiat comes peeling to a halt in front of them, Vincent and Deirdre inside it as Sam manages to get Larry into the back seat.  Sam doesn't get in the car yet as La says -
33) 12) text: We've been crossed... The SIRENS reach a crescendo as a group of GENDARMES arri charging with automatic weapons drawn.  Between the Frenc cops and our heroes lies the shot up wreck of the Target and now - Sam takes out a GRENADE, pulls the pin, and rol it across the ground, beneath the Mercedes, which the cop have just reached.  Seconds later - The Car EXPLODES, cut off the cops, and as this happens, Vincents puts the peda the floor and gets the fuck out of Dodge.  We start to SL PULL BACK on the remains of this battle: the dead bodies, shot up cars, the broken glass, and that flaming, smoking hulk of a Mercedes in the middle of the street.
35) 6) dialog: Finding this package is a thing easier said than done.  We don't even know what it is. (he looks at Deirdre, and suddenly he's deadly earnest)
35) 10) dialog: When this whole thing started you made it clear: you're running the show.  And I don't believe you'd be running this show if you didn't know what was going on.
35) 12) dialog: And I don't believe you... Vincent's gun is out in the blink of an eye, at Deirdre's head, but she's as fast as he is and her gun is drawn as well, jammed into his stomach.
35) 14) text: You go shoot me if you want, Vincent, but you'll be dead before I hit the ground.
35) 15) dialog: (matching her intensity)
35) 18) text: Both of you... ANOTHER ANGLE - Sam has the two of them covered with his an interesting moment, because he can shoot either Deirdr Vincent, but not both at the same time.  The question is: whose side is he on?
35) 20) text: ...put your guns down and chill out. A BEAT.  And then Vincent and Deirdre lower their weapons followed by Sam.
35) 25) text: I don't know... (defensively, off Vincent's look)
35) 29) dialog: Who do you think, Larry?  The IRA.
35) 37) dialog: The question still remains: what do we do now?
42) 0) text: Larry snores on the couch, while Deirdre sleeps in a slee bag on the floor.  Vincent sits in a ratty easy chair, fe propped on an overturned crate, dozing lightly.  Suddenly Vincent's eyes open, warily, as if something has changed the room.  He looks around - No Sam.  Vincent gets up, ta out his gun, and silently gets to his feet.  He moves dow long hall and - No Sam.  Now, like a cat, Vincent moves i THE BATHROOM: pitch black.  He moves in, swipes the strin the overhead light and - nothing.  Nobody's here.  The on place left is the front door, and now Vincent approaches. opens the door, gun still at ready, and moves out into -
44) 0) text: Vincent bursts onto the roof, gun straight out, finger on trigger, only to find - Sam is there, his gun pointed at Vincent.  A BEAT, then both men give little laughs and pu their weapons away, like Samurai so trained in combat tha they know when it's safe to relax.
44) 2) dialog: You weren't around when I woke up, I thought maybe something had happened. (off Sam's look)
44) 4) text: Including you... In answer Sam takes out Vincent's pack of cigarettes and tosses them back to him.  Vincent looks almost delighted this.
44) 6) dialog: You were smoking?
44) 8) dialog: (very sincere, offering the pack)
44) 9) text: Please, help yourself.  Smoke as many you'd like. Sam considers for a minute, and then takes one.  Vincent so as well, and he searches for his lighter, which he can seem to find, because - Sam has it, and he lights their cigarettes, and then hands the lighter back to Vincent.
44) 12) dialog: (puffing contentedly)
44) 16) dialog: That was a bad bit of business, today. BACK ON Sam and Vincent.
44) 18) dialog: A lot of people died.
44) 20) dialog: I haven't.  Not like that.  How do you get used to it?
44) 22) dialog: I won't lie -- there have been times when I had to do it, times when the only way to get out alive was to see that the other man didn't.
44) 24) dialog: I never really thought I was part of the world you move in, Sam, to tell you the truth. (off his look)
46) 6) dialog: He's going north. (circles something on map)
46) 10) dialog: Not necessarily.  He could go off road at any number of places.  He might not even be in the country anymore.
48) 0) text: THE CITROEN is parked among a number of other cars.  Sam sleeping in the back seat, while Vincent is seen on an outdoor pay phone at the other end of the parking lot. Deirdre and Larry sit at a nearby picnic table, eating Fr fast food, which we get a good look at as we - PAN THE LE OF THE TABLE, which is covered with pasta, grilled sausag with dijon mustard, really good fried potatoes. In fact, everything that's on this table is so far beyond imagination of your average American truck driver that La can't contain himself.  He's stuffing himself, washing everything down with the wine which is also sold at these road-side rest stops.  Deirdre drinks coffee.
48) 14) dialog: I hate to interrupt a conversation of such cultural depth... CUT AWAY TO REVEAL: Vincent - Who has finished his phone call and returned to join them
48) 15) dialog: ...but we've got to get back on the road. Vincent raps lightly on the car window next to Sam's head Sam's eyes shoot open: a light sleeper.  All eyes are on Vincent, who waits for a BEAT before he reveals his news.
48) 16) dialog: We've got him.
51) 0) text: Vincent stares out of the window and sees something that causes him to swear under his breath in French.  It's - The Gunmen walking down the street.
51) 1) dialog: I know those men. Sam frowns: he also seems to recognize at least one of th gunmen.  None of the others in the car notice Sam's react but we do.  The Gunmen are heading straight for -
54) 23) dialog: Don't even think it. CUT AWAY TO REVEAL: Vincent - And his piece is also out - the Gunmen are trapped, and they know it.  Now we notice - The Ancient Geezer and his Tour Group are coming toward us.  Meanwhile, back in -
54) 35) text: Do you know who he is?  He's with Interpol, the Internation Police.  He's a cop. A SLOW MOTION BEAT. Vincent and Deirdre don't know what to make of this, thei heads turn to look at Sam, and in this instant - The Tour Group walks into their midst and - The 2nd Gunman reaches his piece and - Sam FIRES his gun at the 2nd Gunman, and the sharp report of the pistol we move back to REAL TIME, The Crowd panics, screaming, and now Edvard is reaching f his weapon, as - Sam shoots again, killing the 2nd Gunman and now - The Crowd is still screaming and running as - Gregor shoves through the crowd into the exit, as - Deirdre pushes through the crowd, and now she's made it i the tunnel.  Now we go -
54) 38) dialog: You're a cop...you're a fucking cop...I should kill you.
55) 0) text: Vincent, gun drawn, moves warily down one of the tunnels. Outside we can hear the dim sound of an approaching siren Vincent turns a corner and - A GUN jams itself into his f It's Edvard.
55) 2) dialog: Vienna.
56) 3) dialog: That double-crossing bitch. Sam isn't even capable of saying that much -- he just sta after the departed Citroen with a look on his face unlike we've seen in the film: "how the hell did that happen?" there's no time to ponder this because they've been joine - A COP.  He's a local guy, he directs traffic and busts drunks in the town square -- and he's scared shitless, holding his gun in both hands, trying not to tremble, as stares back at - TWO GUNS, Sam's and Vincent's, and they' both pointed at the Cop.  LONG BEAT.  In the way off dist another siren can just be heard.  Sam and Vincent glare a the Cop, who strains with all his might to control himsel but he can't because Sam and Vincent are death waiting to served.  The cop knows he has three seconds to make up hi mind.  Two.  One.  The Cop puts his gun on the ground and steps back, raising his hands in the air.  Now - Sam and Vincent stumble into the street, and are instantly almost by - A CAR speeding around the corner, its Driver oblivio to what's going on.  The car screeches to a halt, and the Driver curses loudly in French.  And then the next thing Driver knows - A Gun is in his face.  The door is yanked and the Driver is yanked out, as we -
57) 0) text: The town of Orange is just visible below us as the commandeered Car drives up into the hills.  Vincent is be the wheel, while the wounded Sam sits in the passenger se Gritting his teeth, Sam peels back his shirt to get a loo - THE WOUND, and it's small but bad -- the ricochet rippe small raw hole in Sam's side.  The wound bleeds, but moderately so -- no major organs or arteries have been hi
57) 1) dialog: That makes twice now you've saved my life.
57) 3) dialog: You see it your way, I'll see it mine. You need a doctor.
57) 6) dialog: No...I thought I'd take you to the hospital.
57) 9) dialog: (he can't believe this)
57) 14) dialog: You're with Interpol -- you're a cop.
57) 16) dialog: And what job is that?
57) 18) dialog: It looks to me like we're all that's left of our group.
57) 20) dialog: I'm going with you.
57) 22) dialog: It isn't about money for me, not anymore.
57) 24) dialog: (with great finality)
57) 25) text: Yes I do. Sam gives Vincent a look and shakes his head in disbelief Vincent's loyalty and sense of honor is something he's ne seen before, and Sam can only smoke in silence and consid this as we -
60) 0) text: The Stolen Car parks behind a BARN, and Sam and Vincent g out.  Waiting for them is a friend of Vincent's - JEAN- PIERRE, a Frenchman in his forties, hearty, burly, friend
60) 1) dialog: Hello, Jean-Pierre.
60) 3) text: He doesn't look French to me, Vincent.
61) 0) text: SURGICAL IMPLEMENTS - Are laid out on a clean cloth. Scalpel, forceps, a clamp, a sponge, medical thread and needles.  We PULL BACK TO REVEAL: Sam, stretched out on t kitchen table.  Around him we see - Vincent and Jean-Pier who are wearing rubber gloves and examining Sam's wound. Jean-Pierre holds a mirror up so that Sam can see what's going on.  Sam, with his medical training, is treating himself.
61) 1) dialog: (to Sam)
61) 2) text: It's right there, beneath the surface.  I can just make it out. Sam is in terrible pain, but necessity dictates that he f on what's going on so that he can talk Vincent through th next procedure.
61) 11) text: Take the clamp... Vincent picks up the clamp.
61) 13) dialog: Alright, it's done.
61) 15) dialog: Clearly.
61) 17) dialog: (holding the bullet aloft)
61) 18) text: A souvenir... He tosses the bullet through the air, and we FOLLOW IT IN SLOW MOTION as it lands in - A SAUCER, which sits on the kitchen counter.  We're back in REAL TIME, as the bullet rolls around the plate for a second before coming to a ha Now - Sam breathes the hugest of sighs, and his face rela Instantly, Vincent puts a lighted cigarette in Sam's mout and he drags deeply on it.
62) 0) text: Vincent and Jean-Pierre sit on easy chairs.  An open bott of wine sits between them, a FIRE burns in the fireplace, they smoke in a contented silence for a moment.  When the speak, it is in FRENCH, with ENGLISH SUBTITLES.
62) 2) dialog: Yes, Sam's tough alright.
62) 4) dialog: Of course.  Don't you?
62) 7) dialog: (beat, trying to find a way to say it)
62) 11) dialog: How did you know?
64) 29) text: I'm afraid Vincent will die if he goes with you.
68) 5) dialog: I'm alright.  And you?
68) 8) dialog: A friend.  I was telling him about how you always have the latest tapes.
68) 11) dialog: I was wondering if you had any movies that were particularly new.
68) 15) dialog: Do you have the tape?
70) 0) text: A HUGE FALAFEL drips lettuce and tahini sauce from its en We PULL BACK ON - Tony, who's just taken a bite out of th falafel.  He sits at a table in the back with Vincent and Sam.
70) 3) dialog: You said you might know where we can get a copy of this tape?
70) 9) dialog: (to Tony)
70) 20) dialog: (to Sam)
70) 24) dialog: I get the picture. Sam reaches for the piece of paper, but Vincent puts his on top of it.
70) 25) dialog: Tony and I have to talk some business, first.
70) 27) dialog: It's a matter of respect. (to Sam)
71) 0) text: Vincent exits the shop and gets into -
72) 0) text: Where Sam sits in the passenger seat as Vincent slides be the wheel.  Vincent tosses Sam a piece of paper.
72) 2) dialog: Yes. Vincent gives Sam another piece of paper.
72) 4) dialog: The address of the Russian production company.  Just in case we need to find them.
74) 2) dialog: If Tony says this is it, then it's it. BEAT.  Vincent wants to know something important.
74) 3) dialog: Tell me, Sam: why do you do this?
74) 5) dialog: Continue when it would be so much easier to give it up.
74) 7) dialog: Then quit. (beat)
74) 10) dialog: It's a cover, then.  A cover within a cover, a feint within a feint. (quick beat)
74) 11) text: You work for the CIA, it's the only possible answer. LONG BEAT.  Sam considers what to say, and then decides h owes Vincent the truth.
74) 13) dialog: Dark ops?
74) 15) dialog: Very ugly.
74) 17) dialog: Not very zen of you, huh?  Not so much the modern Samurai after all.
74) 19) dialog: I know.  Jean-Pierre did.
74) 21) dialog: I was waiting to see what would happen. I didn't want to kill him if I didn't have to.
74) 23) dialog: I would have tried not to.  But yes, if it would have kept him from shooting you, I would have.
74) 26) dialog: Because I owe you. (he sees something)
74) 30) dialog: (really surprised by this)
74) 31) text: He's not dead. BACK ON Sam and Vincent.
74) 34) dialog: You think?
76) 10) text: Bloody fucking hell... CUT AWAY TO: Gregor and Seamus are leaving the post offic By now, Seamus has taken the package away from Gregor. Unseen by these two men - Vincent is approaching from the side, on an intercept course, his hand inside a bag which carries with him.  Now - Deirdre turns and shoots Sam a l He's still watching her keenly, and we can see that she's aching to reach for her piece, but she can't because Sam still on her like a hawk.
77) 0) text: During this SEQUENCE, we'll JUMP CUT BETWEEN the two cars the streets they travel through.  Now - The Black Compact flies down a small street, followed closely by - The Peug where Sam is driving as Vincent tries to steady his gun t get a clear shot at the other Car.
77) 2) dialog: What the fuck happened?
77) 4) dialog: You don't know?  Bullshit, you had her, there was no way out.
77) 11) dialog: Why didn't you kill her?
77) 16) dialog: (figuring it out)
77) 25) dialog: (slamming the dashboard in disgust)
77) 31) dialog: You put everything on the line because you...
77) 38) dialog: Left left left!!! Sam looks up and sees - Three possible ramps: one to the right, one to the center, and one to the - Left.  At the second he takes the left turn as we go back to -
77) 48) dialog: Right now?
77) 50) dialog: (fumbling with a cigarette)
77) 59) text: They're good! And now the Peugeot SLAMS into the side of the Compact Ca and as it does - Seamus opens fire with his gun, even as Vincent unloads the better part of a clip as - Glass shat in both cars, and now Deirdre looks up to see - A FORK IN THE ROAD, and the left side of the fork is clos off, blocked by - A SERIOUS CONCRETE BARRICADE, and the Compact Car is headed right for it, and now - Sam has the Peugeot pinned right to the side of the Compa Car, metal against metal, a scream of steel as the Barric rushes straight at them and at the last second - Deirdre slams on the brakes as - Seamus fires one last shot that - blows out the window in front of Sam's eyes, causing Sam to - Jerk the wheel of t Peugeot wildly, spinning out of control onto the exit ram Gregor reaches over and unbuckles Seamus's seatbelt right The Compact Car slams into the Barricade and CRASHES, and we're in SLOW MOTION as - Deirdre is driven forward by the force of the impact, but there's a driver's side air bag, and it explodes, cushion her, even as - Seamus is hurled form the car, crashing through the windshield and flying through the air as - The Compact Car flips over and over and over while - Gregor, who is wearing his seatbelt, hangs on for dear li to the Briefcase, which he grabbed back from Seamus befor the crash, and now - Seamus hits the ground with a terrible thud, his face sliced to ribbons by the windshield, but somehow still al as - Sam tries to control the Peugeot, which is in a spin on t exit ramp as - Gregor kicks open the back door and slides out of the Car carrying the Briefcase with him, as - Deirdre struggles to free herself from the wreck, which i now - On fire, and now - Sam has managed to stop the Peugeot, but it's too late to back, because - A VERITABLE FLEET OF COP CARS is now closing on the accid and it's too late to turn around, and even as - Deirdre manages to pull herself out of the wreck, it - EXPLODES into a ball of fire, and the blast wave of fire Hits Seamus, knocking him down, covering him for a second even as - Deirdre hurls herself through the flames and co out - Rolling away with Seamus, who is now not only cut t pieces, but his face is covered with some hideous burns. Now Deirdre pulls Seamus over the side of the embankment, right before the cops arrive, and the two of them roll/fa almost thirty down a steep incline, even as - Sam catches a quick glimpse of - Gregor, scurrying away from the highway, carrying the Briefcase, and now Sam has to gun his car and get gone, because the Cops have reached - The Wreck, which is quickly burning itself out, and as th Cops look into the debris they see that - THERE'S NOBODY LEFT.  Everybody's gone. FADE OUT.
77) 60) dialog: We don't have much time.
78) 0) text: A FRONT DOOR, guarded by about five heavy locks, opens an Vincent and Sam enter.  Sam looks around and surveys the apartment.
78) 2) dialog: (by way of explaining)
78) 5) dialog: Something like that. The two men crass the room towards - A METAL CABINET whic tucked into a nook in the wall - VINCENT'S HAND turns a h duty COMBINATION LOCK and then: Click, the cabinet opens we see -- WEAPONS.  An endless cache of guns, knives, explosives, surveillance devices, gun scopes -- you name it's here.  Now Vincent's Hands reach into the cabinet an start taking out weapons.  We PULL BACK ON - Vincent, who gives the weapons to Sam.  Sam checks to mak sure the weapons are loaded and/or ready for use, and the piles them, one on top of the other.
78) 8) dialog: So I do it.
78) 10) dialog: If our positions were reversed, would you leave me?
78) 13) dialog: I think not. BEAT.  Sam can't say anything, because he knows that what Vincent is saying is true.
78) 14) dialog: (considering the weapons)
81) 3) dialog: If I'm going to die for the CIA, I'm going to go out smoking. (takes the cigarettes back and lights one)
81) 4) text: Besides, there's half a forest between us and them, they can't see a goddamned thing. Vincent offers one to Sam, who declines with a shake of his head.
81) 6) dialog: Just like that?
81) 8) dialog: (obviously he does this)
81) 13) dialog: Why?  You've got more force of will than anyone I've ever seen.  You handle a gun like it's a part of you, you perform surgery on yourself without anesthesia... (quick beat)
81) 17) text: What I do for the Company, Vincent, is no different than what you do.  We're both hired guns, and this is a job -- like any other job.
81) 18) dialog: Why then, Sam, don't you act like this is a job like any other?  Surely, if you are a hired gun, you realize that some times you just have to walk away without getting what you came for.
81) 20) dialog: Why not?
81) 23) dialog: Closest and oldest.
81) 25) text: You have a sense of honor, Vincent, that I can't even remember anymore.  I don't know that I ever even had it to begin with.  All I know to do, Vincent, is to finish my job.
81) 26) dialog: And when you finish?  What then?  This package, whatever it is, do you give it to the CIA?  Do you really think they deserve it?
81) 28) dialog: Do you have a good answer?
85) 0) text: Vincent's CIGARETTE is stubbed into a rock and the two me rise with a slow purpose.  They exchange a look and then steps forward, leading the way
85) 19) dialog: That's one less I owe you... Sam smiles, but it's no time to get satisfied.  their presence revealed, there's no point in moving quietly.  S draws his weapons and as he and Vincent charge across the lawn towards the Chateau while -
85) 42) dialog: You have to stop doing that!
85) 59) dialog: Finish the job...
85) 61) dialog: (a commanding whisper)
85) 64) text: Sam... Sam turns at the sound of her voice and sees Gregor makin his escape.  Sam looks back at Vincent, who is almost pas out from blood loss.
85) 65) dialog: I'm really sick of you saving my life.  Go out and get the bastard. Same makes up his mind, and as Vincent passes out, Sam ru out after Deirdre and towards -
85) 78) text: Shoot that traitorous bitch and I'll let you live. THE TOP OF SEAMUS'S HEAD explodes, finishing him off once for all, killed by - Vincent, who has staggered out to make this one necessary shot.  But he can go no further, and he collapses in his blood, near death, just as - Gregor takes a step towards boat and - Sam makes up his mind and shoots - THE BULLET
86) 0) text: Sam waits outside a hospital room, inside of which we get glimpse of - A DOCTOR tending to a heavily bandaged and sedated Vincent.  As Sam waits - TWO GENDARMES and a PLAINCLOTHES DETECTIVE approach.  The Detective looks at for a BEAT, and then goes to push past him.  Sam blocks h way.
87) 1) dialog: You son-of-a-bitch...
87) 3) dialog: You speak French.
87) 5) dialog: (in mock exasperation)
87) 7) dialog: (repeating the Doctor's words in English)
87) 11) dialog: (relishing this)
87) 15) dialog: Tell me something first. (a quick beat)
87) 18) dialog: What happened to it?
87) 21) dialog: (sighs, then a beat)
87) 22) text: I guess that's for the best. Sam turns for the door but Vincent has one last thing to
87) 23) dialog: Sam, when Gregor had Deirdre by the lake, you could have killed the two of them with one shot.  You could have had the package, finished the job.  But you didn't, you sacrificed the job to save her life.  Why? Same has to think about this for a second, and his answer reveals just how full circle he's come.
88) 1) dialog: Would you just smoke already... A RIVERSIDE CAFE - Where Sam, Vincent and Deirdre are hav morning coffee.  A mostly-healed Vincent is smoking a cigarette, trying to get Sam to light up.
88) 3) dialog: Just to keep me company, Sam -- I hate smoking alone. (turning to Deirdre)
88) 7) dialog: So where do you go from here?
88) 9) dialog: I'm up for that... The two of them turn to Sam, but he shakes his head.
88) 12) dialog: She's got a point. (playing a trump card)
89) 0) text: SILENCE AND FOG.  A RIVER FERRY does a slow ghostly glide down the river, and in seconds it approaches - THE RIVERSIDE CAFE, which appears through the mist, looke by -- A SLEEK PAIR OF SUN GLASSES attached to a young PUNK in a leather coat, and the Punk is looking at - Sam, Vincent, especially: Deirdre.  Sam looks up and shouts a warning a The Punk pulls a shotgun from beneath his leather coat, p the gun and screams out at Deirdre with an Irish accent -
89) 2) dialog: (soft yet urgent)
89) 3) text: We have to go, Sam, we can't be here. Sam looks at Vincent, and for a moment Sam struggles to f something to say, but he can't find a goddamned thing.  T SIRENS are getting louder -
89) 4) dialog: (a little louder, bordering desperation)
89) 5) text: Let's go!! Vincent literally drags Sam away and now the SIRENS have arrived, followed quickly by - THE GENDARMES, who come running into the Cafe but - It's empty except for Deirdre body.  Now -
89) 7) dialog: (thrusting the cigarettes out to Sam)
89) 8) text: Doctor's orders... But Sam isn't there to take the cigarette -- Vincent look around, trying to see what happened to his friend, but th fog has covered any sign of Sam.  Vincent stands there, stunned, alone, the cigarettes in an outstretched hand th slowly falls back to Vincent's side as he realizes that S has left him on purpose.  Then - Vincent lights both cigarettes at the saem time and throws one of them over t stone wall - THE GLOWING CIGARETTE arcs through the air u it lands in the river where it extinguishes with a hiss.
89) 9) dialog: Goodbye, Sam...