47) 22) dialog: (shaking his head) He's still trying to leave the smallest footprint he can on the planet Earth.
47) 24) dialog: (exasperated) What about tomatoes?
47) 49) dialog: (protesting) If this kid doesn't give her consent, we're going to abandon the mission?
47) 52) dialog: Tradition doesn't make a movement strong.
49) 0) text: Motivated by Silver, Blond and Red dive off after him. Ja the last one to put his cell phone in K's Ziplock bag. He turns to Mija.
56) 5) dialog: Brought to you live from Mirando's secret underground lab. We invite you to the mecca of genetic modification! Blond giggles as he imitates a travel channel host. He ke pushing a sandwich into Silver's hand, who only picks at and looks through its contents. Jay sits behind K and qui regards the laptop screen.
62) 3) dialog: Stop it!
62) 5) dialog: No we didn't! We didn't know they'd hurt her! That, you know, they’d put her through a ...mating.
62) 8) dialog: Right. This is all the more reason to stay focused and stick to our plan.
62) 11) dialog: What did you just say?
73) 15) dialog: (mocking Johnny) Luuucy -- Mirandoooooo -- Blond is crouched inside the enclosed space behind the mu screen, among various electric lines and AV cables. Concentrating hard, he connects an HDMI cable to his lapt and does an equipment check. 89.
75) 1) dialog: Okay, okay. (grumbling to himself) This is like the most advanced hacking ever endeavored. Blond unplugs the cable from the monitor's HDMI port and holds it in his mouth. He plugs in the HDMI cable connect to his laptop instead.
78) 0) text: A loud BOOM. A mortar is fired from the nearby abandoned building. The handmade bomb flies across the air leaving wake of white baking powder. It hits the Super Pig balloo smack in the middle. People scream as the balloon POPS. When it does, fliers and print-outs that were hidden insi the balloon pour out onto the street. As soon as the mortar fires, Jay puts on his balaclava. T other A.L.F. members dispersed throughout the crowd do th same. Soon the plaza is covered by a sea of black heads. 93. They vastly outnumber the NYPD OFFICERS and Mirando Event Staff. Lucy begins to panic. The punctured balloon begins to shoot around wildly, and Silver pulls on the chord with all his strength to steer toward the crowd. Because of his gaunt frame, he is steer by the balloon instead, lifted up and sideways like a marionette on strings. Still he somehow manages to keep t balloon on course, and the fliers fall over the crowd lik snow on an open field. Provocative titles: "The Ugly Truth Behind the Mirando Su Pig Project!" "Mirando: Criminals. Abusers." The angry cr run over to pick up the printouts. As they do, we hear Blond's voice through the speakers.
79) 1) dialog: (mimicking a BBC anchor) For more details and shocking proof of Mirando's crimes against humans and animals, go to You Tube and search 'Mirando is Fucked'. Again. Go to You Tube and search ‘Mirando is F, U, C, K, E, D'. Blond repeats the phrases like an automated machine, comically crouched in the narrow space among machines and circuitry.
92) 0) text: The bus speeds through city streets. Jay's face fills the foreground. He looks back at the seats behind him to see. Red, Blond, Silver scattered around the bus. They each gr him with a knowing glance or a slight hand gesture. Silve looks healthy, rejuvenated. K enters the FRAME and sits next to Jay.