7) 0) text: Mija's grandfather, HEE BONG (70), carries firewood, gett ready to make dinner. The sun is falling fast. Hee Bong l toward the mountains with concern.
7) 1) dialog: (Shouting) Mija! Where are you?
8) 0) text: Hee Bong's voice echoes through the mountains. Inside Mij straw sack, half-submerged in water, a fish peeks through chestnuts and persimmons, still breathing. Mija jolts awake. She looks around blankly before realizi she slept too long. She shakes Okja awake. Okja spreads o her humongous jaws and yawns.
11) 0) text: CLOSE ON a dinner table. Wild greens, potatoes, boiled eg pan-seared fish in the middle. It's the fish Mija caught the stream earlier. Hee Bong and Mija sit in the living r and chow on the dinner.
11) 1) dialog: (out of the blue) Uncle Mundo says he's coming by tomorrow.
11) 3) dialog: I already sent the money to the company.
11) 6) dialog: Damn. The first half is almost over. The screen blinks on and off with static. Hee Bong slaps side of the set, making it normal again. With his eyes on soccer match, he picks up his spoon to eat when the scree blinks and dissolves into static again.
11) 7) dialog: Son of a...
11) 9) dialog: This one's perfectly fine.
12) 0) text: It's silent except for the sound of insects. We see the picture frames on the wall. A story spanning t years. There's a Mirando Certificate with Hee Bong's picture pri on it. It reads in English: Congratulations farmer HEE BO Raise your Super Pig with love and care! Love, Lucy Miran There's 6-year-old Mija hugging her Super Piglet. There's 12-year-old Mija tightly hugging the fully grown Okja. Mija sleeps with a comic book open in front of her. A sou wakes her up. She looks toward a tiny window in the corne the room. The window opens directly to the shed where Okj kept. We see Okja's massive butt through the window. She keeps shifting her tail, bothered by the itching in the wounded area. The tail is too short and hardly reaches the wound. Mija picks up a back scratcher from the floor. She attach long bamboo stick to the end and sits in front of the tin window. She yawns as she pokes the stick through the wind and scratches the area around Okja's wound. Mija begins to doze. She closes her eyes. 18.
14) 0) text: Hee Bong stands at the faucet and pours water into a buck He turns off the faucet almost as soon as he turns it on. Still thinking he poured too much, he pours off a little the basin before handing the bucket to Mundo. Mundo gulps down the water, thoroughly covered in sweat. Mija washes Okja in the front yard. 19.
14) 1) dialog: (quietly) I thought a bunch of you were coming. Mundo glances down the hill.
14) 15) dialog: Ah, I was saving that... Johnny lets out a refreshed, drunken sigh. Hee Bong looks devastated. Mija stifles her laughter. Johnny spots Okja for the first time. As he does his personality changes totally - he looks INCREDIBLY EXCITED
14) 30) dialog: (a thick Korean accent) Ssank you so much.
14) 32) dialog: I just... uh, let her run around is all. Hee Bong laughs. Choi translates.
14) 44) dialog: I... Let's go visit your mom and dad up there.
14) 46) dialog: They appeared in my dream last night, said they missed you. Hee Bong pulls the reluctant Mija uphill.
14) 47) dialog: (pointing to the group) They’1l be here for a while. Come on.
15) 0) text: The sun shines on two burial mounds lying side by side in quiet woods. Hee Bong and Mija pluck weeds and dust off t tombstone.
15) 2) dialog: It's been so many years. Just the two of us, living here in the mountains.
15) 4) dialog: Sure! Okja too. Our little fatty. 26. Silence. Hee Bong takes out a box from his pocket and ope it. Inside the box is a gold pig, the size of an adult fi Mija regards it quizzically.
15) 6) dialog: A gold pig. 100% real gold. Mija, confused.
15) 7) dialog: So pretty, don't you think? In the old days the elders would give this gold pig to their daughters as a wedding gift. Take it. It's yours.
15) 9) dialog: Well, you're not getting married, but... since Okja will be leaving us and going far away... You can keep this gold pig instead of her.
15) 11) dialog: They're here to take Okja.
15) 13) dialog: Yeah. The competition's nearly over. So they're taking all the Super Pigs back to the company.
15) 15) dialog: That... (turning away) (MORE)
15) 17) dialog: It didn't work out so well. I couldn't buy her. That's why I bought this pig instead. This gold pig...
15) 19) dialog: We can't do anything about it. Especially not now. They said that Okja was selected as the best pig. They have big plans for her in America...
15) 21) dialog: (nods ) She'll be spending the night in Seoul, and tomorrow she'll be ona plane to America. She's a celebrity now! (laughs ) Going all the way across the Pacific! Hee Bong lets out an exaggerated laugh as he carefully searches for Mija's reaction. Mija is in utter shock.
15) 22) dialog: (sternly) Mija! You're nearly a grown woman, and to be honest I wasn't too keen on seeing you playing with that pig all day. You should go to the town, Maybe meet a boyfr... Mija throws the gold pig at Hee Bong's foot and rushes do the mountain.
19) 0) text: CLOSE ON a large cauldron sitting on top of a fire hole, steam rising from it. Hee Bong opens the lid, and we see whole chicken inside the boiling water. Hee Bong adds cinnamon, ginger, and vetch to the pot. He hears someone entering and pokes his head out of the kitchen. He sees M crossing the yard limply, eyes swollen from crying and ch streaked with dirty tears. Mija stomps past Hee Bong and towards her room, scattering the chickens away.
20) 0) text: Hee Bong pokes his head inside the room. He carefully ope his mouth.
20) 1) dialog: You must be hungry. I made your favorite - chicken stew. No answer. Mija can't seem to put a stop on her emotions. She sobs as she undresses. Hee Bong becomes embarrassed a turns his head, but Mija doesn't care. She continues to t off her pants and her socks.
20) 2) dialog: Go clean up, and let's have some chicken stew. (MORE )
20) 4) dialog: I put in all the herbs that are supposed to be good for you. Mija continues to sob as she removes a training suit from drawer. She puts it on along with fresh socks. Hee Bong l at her curiously. Mija takes out a red fanny pack from th drawer.
20) 5) dialog: What are you doing? Mija still doesn't answer. Her face is a grotesque mess o tears and snot. She puts the fanny pack around her waist.
20) 6) dialog: Where do you think you're going?
20) 8) dialog: What?
20) 10) dialog: Are you crazy? Seoul? In the middle of night? Do you even know how much it costs to go to Seoul? Mija picks up a large piggy bank from the top of the ches She raises it high and throws it to the floor with surpri strength. The piggy bank shatters into pieces, unleashing vast sea of coins. Hee Bong gasps. Mija continues to sob as she sweeps the coins into her fa pack and pockets. There are a few bank notes in there too She bites them between her lips. Hee Bong comes into the room and tries to stop her, but M throws him to the floor. Hee Bong has had enough. He stands and begins frantically shoving the coins under the furniture with his feet. He l ridiculous. And it's pointless. Mija has already filled h fanny pack. She zips it up and heads fast towards the doo
20) 11) dialog: Don't you dare leave this room! Mija turns and stares at him. 30.
20) 12) dialog: Look. I miss Okja too. Mija's eyes instantly swell with tears at the thought of Okja.
20) 13) dialog: But she's an animal. They all have to go sometime. Hee Bong grabs a permanent marker from Mija's desk and st drawing lines over the photograph of Okja - the one where she's being hugged by Mija. With rough strokes, he divide Okja's body parts like a butcher's meat chart.
20) 14) dialog: Blade shoulder, loin, spare rib, hock. This is what she is! Mija cries even louder - this is deeply disturbing to her She pushes Hee Bong away and runs out into the windy fron yard. Hee Bong runs after her and manages to grab her.
20) 16) dialog: 
54) 4) dialog: Let me see! The Reporters briefly step back at Hee Bong's apparent aggression. Hee Bong checks Mija's arms, neck, everywhere
54) 5) dialog: Tell me where you were hurt. Are you okay? With that, the floodgates open. Mija puts her arms around Bong and begins to bawl. Hee Bong embraces her tightly. T Reporters quickly realize who Hee Bong is and shove their mics toward him. FLASHES explode.
54) 6) dialog: Stop with the cameras... She's just a baby.
54) 8) dialog: Go away... Hee Bong hides Mija with one arm while pushing away the Reporters with the other. He is never violent but puts up formidable fight as he fends them off. He is old but stro
54) 9) dialog: Be civil, will you? Don't test me now... 66. The Reporters are backing away when one of them suddenly down and POPS a flash up at Mija's face. Hee Bong violent SLAPS the camera away, stunning the Reporter.
54) 10) dialog: Sorry! That's an expensive camera. As soon as he apologizes he returns to roughly pushing th reporters. The grappling match becomes more and more heat DETECTIVES and POLICE OFFICERS belatedly swarm the scene. The station quickly descends into chaos. Suddenly, a familiar voice rings throughout the station.
54) 13) dialog: So all the damage in the shopping center... Mirando will pay for that too?
54) 15) dialog: The glass door in your office Mija shattered. That too?
54) 20) dialog: They do that... you know, talk to each other. They’ve always done it.
58) 0) text: The MONTAGE MUSIC continues. Mija wears a passport/ticket pouch over her neck, the one given to unaccompanied minors. Hee Bong takes out the gol pig from his pocket.
58) 1) dialog: Take this. In case there's an emergency. You might need money. Make sure you hide it well. Mija takes it, hugs Hee Bong. Mundo hurries Mija toward t departure gate, where reporters are gathered. Choi hands a large bouquet.
90) 0) text: Hee Bong sets up an early dinner on the table outside. He walks back and forth between the kitchen and the front ya carrying vegetables and boiled eggs and other side dishes the table. Chickens leisurely roam the yard. Hee Bong sme the boiled potato in his hands as he brings it to the tab 112. Okja and Mija enter the frame and pass the yard toward th shed. Okja suddenly stops and looks into the camera. She stares for a while before she is dragged into the shed by Mija. The piglet comes in late. She runs around the yard kickin dust and scaring the chickens. Hee Bong walks out into th dusty yard with two bowls of rice and utensils.
90) 1) dialog: Mija!
90) 3) dialog: Hurry up! The food's getting cold!