47) 14) dialog: ..-And my name is Jay. K TRANSLATES for Mija - word-for-word.
47) 17) dialog: We are animal lovers. We rescue animals from slaughterhouses, zoos, labs. We tear down cages and set them free. This is why we rescued Okja. Mija bows politely.
47) 18) text: Thank you so much. 47. Jay speaks in an overly formal manner as he fixes his necktie.
47) 19) dialog: For forty years our group has liberated animals from places of abuse. Jay gestures to K. K removes a mini-tablet from his jacke and shows it to Mija. CLOSE on the mini-tablet. OLD ARCHIVE FILM of smashing down doors with hammers and crowbars the caged animals inside.
47) 20) dialog: We inflict economic damage on those who profit from their misery. We reveal their atrocities to the public. And we never harm anyone - human or non-human. That is our forty year credo. the A.L.F. and rescuing THUMP. Jay turns at the sound of something falling and se Silver barely being held up by Blond. He looks pale, sick
47) 21) dialog: Are you okay, Silver? (to Blond) He didn't eat anything even today?
47) 26) dialog: I admire your conviction, Silver, but your pallid complexion worries me. Jay turns to Mija.
47) 27) dialog: How long have you and Okja lived together?
47) 29) dialog: Do you know where she was being taken?
47) 31) dialog: Yes. But she was being taken somewhere else first. Mija. You need to prepare yourself. Everything you believe you know about Okja is a lie. Mija instinctively reaches out to touch Okja.
47) 32) dialog: Okja's other destination was... K presses the screen on his mini-tablet. We see PHOTOGRAP of a WAREHOUSE. It looks ABANDONED. But it's surrounded b barbed wired fences and AMERICAN SECURITY GUARDS.
47) 33) dialog: This underground laboratory in Paramus, New Jersey. This is the building where Okja was created. Mija frowns - then grins.
47) 36) dialog: Okja was created in this lab. So was her so-called 'mother'. This is where Mirando experiment with their genetically mutated animals. Mija looks troubled.
47) 37) dialog: They're looking to develop the breed that will generate them the biggest profit. In that very lab. You and the other local farmers across the world are just promotional devices for them - just a picturesque backdrop.
47) 40) dialog: Mirando know their consumers won't eat mutant GM foods. So ten years ago their 'beautiful' head psychopath Lucy Mirando - who by the way became CEO by forcing out another psychopath named Nancy Mirando in a fucked-up coup d'état... Anyway, they went into the laboratory and dug around amongst all the disfigured, misshapen creatures to unearth the prettiest ones. As K quietly translates, he shows Mija more photographs o the laboratory's innocuous-looking exterior.
47) 41) dialog: And then - big fanfare - she sent them around the world. K pulls up a file on his mini-tablet. It's VIDEO of Lucy' press conference from ten years ago. We see the photograp of the SUPER PIGLETS being handed to farmers across the world. We see Lucy on the stage...
47) 44) dialog: You know why she said ten years? To consolidate power. The longer the project's duration, the longer she'd get to be at the top, running things.
47) 46) dialog: And now the ten years are nearly up. They've been frantically breeding super pigs and soon the supermarkets will be filled with their flesh and organs. Dog food, hot dogs, bacon... K translates clearly for Mija.
47) 47) dialog: Our plan is to put a stop to their project by exposing the lab and its crimes against animals. But to do so, we need video from inside - footage of the horrible atrocities being committed in the lab. And there's a problem. Mija is now completely immersed in the story. She looks a him intently.
47) 48) dialog: The security is impenetrable. Other groups have tried and failed to get in. (Beat) But there is a way. Although we will only go ahead with it if you give us your consent. 51. At this, K stops translating and stares at Jay. So do the other A.L.F. members. Jay nods.
47) 50) dialog: (to K) Please don't translate. Hold on. (to everyone) We do not harm any non-human or human. This little girl is Okja's family and I will not harm her by forcing a mission upon her that she does not consent to.
47) 54) dialog: (Calmly) If that's how you feel call yourself something else and not the A.L.F. and don't come around here anymore. The members look abashed by Jay's words. Jay quietly gaze into Mija's eyes.
47) 55) dialog: In order to expose Mirando we need video from inside the laboratory... K hesitates briefly before continuing to translate. 52.
47) 56) dialog: And this is where your Okja comes in. The Mirando scientists are dying to get their hands on her at their underground lab. Their star super pig! They’re desperate to put her through a slew of tests. (Beat) Which is why we've made this. K removes a small, black electronic device from his pocke and shows it to Mija.
47) 57) dialog: It looks exactly like the black box on Okja's ear, right? But this one has a transmitter that will wirelessly send their video feed to us. We want to replace the device on Okja's ear with this, so Okja can send us a live feed from inside the laboratory.
47) 60) dialog: (nodding) I'm sorry. That was indeed our plan. Rescue Okja, replace the black box, and let Mirando retake Okja. Mija can't believe what she's hearing.
47) 61) dialog: But don’t worry. They won't hurt Okja. They wouldn't dare. She needs to be perfect for their beauty pageant. Whatever tests they'll do on her in there will need to be harmless. Mija nods but looks concerned. 53.
47) 62) dialog: You have to trust us. We've been planning this mission for a long time. We have a detailed plan on how to rescue her from the event in New York City. We promise to bring her back to you. We hear POLICE SIRENS growing closer in the background. J carefully puts a hand on Mija's shoulder.
47) 63) dialog: If our mission succeeds we'll be able to shut down Mirando's Super Pig project completely. We'll be saving millions of Super Pigs like Okja from death. Jay looks straight into Mija's eyes, pleading earnestly. looks straight back.
47) 64) dialog: But we won't do it without your approval. Mija looks at Jay with a grave expression. The police sir in the distance get louder...
47) 65) dialog: What is your decision? K translates the last question in a solemn voice.
47) 68) dialog: Thank you. 54. The SIRENS are closer than ever. The members put on their balaclavas. kK opens the small s door of the trailer. Cold wind rushes in. He yells into his cell phone:
49) 1) dialog: Till we meet again. Jay swiftly dives out of the truck. K winks at Mija as he closes the Ziplock bag bulging with cell phones.
56) 6) dialog: (barely containing his excitement ) In this moment only the five of us know what the whole world will soon know. This mission has the potential to surpass ...my God... we may surpass even the Silver Spring Monkey liberation in terms of epoch-defining A.L.F. operations! We are ushering in a new era! The members cringe at Jay’s pompous way of talking. An awkward silence. K yells to Red, trying to change the moo 69.
60) 7) dialog: Are we recording?
62) 7) dialog: Don't cry. We can't be weak.
62) 9) dialog: The little girl trusted us with Okja. We have to respect her bravery. K cannot keep it to himself any longer. 74.
62) 15) dialog: (Quietly) Why did you lie?
62) 17) dialog: K, it's okay. Look at me. As soon as K looks up - POW - Jay drives a fist across hi face. Before the other members can even react, Jay pushes into a corner and begins pummeling him mercilessly.
62) 18) dialog: I hold you dear to my heart - as I do all creatures - but you have dishonored the forty year history and meaningful legacy of the Animal Liberation Front. You have betrayed the great minds and brave fighters who preceded you. Even as he unloads a savage beating, Jay maintains his fo manner of speech, speaking like he's at an academic semin 75.
62) 19) dialog: You have besmirched a forty year tradition. Jay withdraws his fists and gathers his breath. He looks at K.
62) 20) dialog: Never mistranslate. Translations are sacred. Jay throws a bag at K.
62) 21) dialog: From this moment on you are no longer a member of the A.L.F. You are permanently banned. Get out. However, since it's vital that we proceed with our mission, we will have to return your equipment after its completion. Consider this your last contribution to the A.L.F. K wipes the blood off his lips, dejected, disgraced. He p the bag over his shoulder and begins to walk out. He stop the table and adjusts the position of the satellite dish. When he does, the image on the laptop instantly becomes clearer.
68) 0) text: As soon as she closes the sliding door, the voices recede into the background, and a vast loneliness overcomes her. Dust particles glow in the beam of light falling through curtains. She SIGHS as she looks at the strangely designed uniform. glimpses something behind it - a SHADOW lurking in the corner. Mija GASPS. The Shadow soon reveals himself to be Room Service Worker from earlier... and the Room Service Worker is subsequently revealed to be JAY!
68) 1) dialog: Shhh! Mija stares at Jay, stunned. Jay quietly removes a stack papers from behind his back. Short English/Korean words/phrases are written on cards the size of a small sketchbook. Jay begins to flip through the cards in front Mija, kind of like Bob Dylan in his "Subterranean Homesic Blues" video.
68) 2) dialog: 
68) 5) dialog: ‘FOR EVERYTHING. ' 83. Mija silently nods, still nervous.
68) 6) dialog: ‘WE WILL RESCUE OKJA FROM THE
68) 8) dialog: ‘WHEN WE DO,' 'DON'T,' ‘LOOK BACK.' Mija, puzzled.
68) 9) dialog: ‘DON'T EVER LOOK,' 'AT THE SCREEN, ' ‘BEHIND YOU.' Jay changes his expression slightly with each card.
68) 10) dialog: ‘ONLY,' 'LOOK AT OKJA,' 'IN FRONT
68) 12) dialog: ‘A.L.F. LOVES YOU.' Jay vanishes through the curtains. We hear him going down metal steps of the fire escape. Mija is left alone again the dark bedroom.
69) 0) text: Jay casually saunters out of the hotel alley and walks ou onto the large street. He changes into his suit as he wal and joins the Super Pig Festival parade happening in the street. Among the dozens of people holding the lines of the giant Okja balloon is SILVER, disguised as one of the Uniformed Employees. He exchanges secret glances with Jay, who walk along the sidewalk. Silver gives Jay a knowing look as he points up at the balloon, and Jay looks up as well. Mirando EVENT WORKERS distribute samples - Super Pig jerk and Super Sausages - practically showering the crowd with them. People eat them up enthusiastically. 84. Some of the Employees holding the chords of the balloon a dig into the samples, giddy at seeing the brand new produ Silver becomes nauseated by the mere sight. A Mirando Employee marching next to him hands him a Super Sausage sample. Finding himself with the most vile junk f made from GM Super Pigs in his hand, Silver turns white l a sheet. Conscious of all the Mirando eyes around, he pretends to eagerly munch on the sausage, but he cannot g past the stench of meat and nearly retches. A SKINNY MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN sees this and looks down at a sample fallen on the ground. As she crouches to pick it u we glimpse an A.L.F. tattoo below her slightly raised shi A HIGH SCHOOL STUDENT sees the tattoo as he's walking by quickly checks the surroundings. He seems worried that someone might see the tattoo. As he turns, he bumps into twenty-something WOMAN walking past. A black balaclava dr from his jacket. The High School Student turns pale upon seeing the dropped balaclava.
74) 17) dialog: (in a small voice) Hurry up! Now!
78) 0) text: A loud BOOM. A mortar is fired from the nearby abandoned building. The handmade bomb flies across the air leaving wake of white baking powder. It hits the Super Pig balloo smack in the middle. People scream as the balloon POPS. When it does, fliers and print-outs that were hidden insi the balloon pour out onto the street. As soon as the mortar fires, Jay puts on his balaclava. T other A.L.F. members dispersed throughout the crowd do th same. Soon the plaza is covered by a sea of black heads. 93. They vastly outnumber the NYPD OFFICERS and Mirando Event Staff. Lucy begins to panic. The punctured balloon begins to shoot around wildly, and Silver pulls on the chord with all his strength to steer toward the crowd. Because of his gaunt frame, he is steer by the balloon instead, lifted up and sideways like a marionette on strings. Still he somehow manages to keep t balloon on course, and the fliers fall over the crowd lik snow on an open field. Provocative titles: "The Ugly Truth Behind the Mirando Su Pig Project!" "Mirando: Criminals. Abusers." The angry cr run over to pick up the printouts. As they do, we hear Blond's voice through the speakers.
80) 0) text: Unfolding before us is the biggest A.L.F. demonstration i history. They have completely taken over the plaza. Jay j on the stage, necktie heroically flapping in the air. He lifts his balaclava slightly and shows Mija his face.
80) 1) dialog: Let's get Okja out of here. Mija is too busy trying to calm Okja, who SQUEALS and thrashes at the increasing confusion around her. Mija tri her best to connect, but the red-eyed Okja is still unresponsive.
82) 0) text: Big A.L.F. members jump at Okja to subdue her, but they'r instantly thrown off by her violent thrashing. Mija sprints toward the wild and unruly Okja. She leaps o Okja's face and tries to hug her, but Okja bites on her a Mija lets out a horrible SCREAM. Jay and the A.L.F. membe don't know what to do as they watch the red-eyed Okja cla down on Mija's blood-dripping arm. Jay picks up a microph stand. He is about to stab Okja in the mouth when...
82) 7) dialog: Our driver has arrived! At that moment, a large steel-enforced vehicle appears at intersection and CRASHES into the A.L.F. semi, forcing it the road and into a nearby street lamp. The steel surface unpainted, making it look all the more intimidating. MERCENARIES in special ops uniforms rush out from the bac The uniforms are marked with the name 'BLACK CHALK - Priv Security Company.' Other Black Chalk cars arrive from all directions. Soon they surround the entire plaza. 96. The specially-trained mercenaries attack and subdue the A.L.F. members with an UNEXPECTED technique. Every method they utilize is designed to look to the Manhattan passers like no big deal - just an apparently gentle arm-lock or little dig at a pressure point or underneath a finger nai But close-up it’s clear they’re inflicting INCREDIBLE PAI the A.L.F. These are brilliant martial-arts techniques - is violence so discreet the onlookers are oblivious to it The SCREAMS of the A.L.F. members seem incongruous and pathetic as a result. A MAN IN A SHARP SUIT emerges from the steel-enforced veh and walks over to the NYPD COMMANDING OFFICER. He hands t officer a stack of documents.
84) 0) text: Nancy's terse, chilling orders continue in VOICE-OVER as see Okja, Mija, Jay and the A.L.F. members running throug the alley. We only hear Nancy and Frank's voices. 99.
85) 0) text: Jay lays the barely conscious Mija in the passenger seat. He's exhausted and covered in blood. The driver takes off balaclava. It's K!
85) 2) dialog: K? What are you...? Jay sinks in his seat. K shows him a new tattoo on his ar ‘Translations Are Sacred.' Jay doesn't have the energy to respond to the ridiculous tattoo.
85) 3) dialog: Okja... We need to hurry... The brutal beating has taken a toll. Jay's focus goes in out. He's lost a lot of blood.
85) 4) dialog: Okja... Mija is also barely conscious. She's losing blood fast fr the wound on her arm.
85) 11) dialog: Are you sure?
85) 13) dialog: Are you okay?
85) 16) dialog: We're going to Okja.
85) 18) dialog: (nods ) Yes but... You should know that the situation... it's not good. I'm sorry. Mija becomes scared. She doesn't even want to ask. Jay th before asking...
85) 19) dialog: What's the Black Chalk response time after we infiltrate?
85) 21) dialog: Is it even possible to do it in seven minutes?
85) 23) dialog: Sorry. We are going to need your help.
85) 25) dialog: Helping us find Okja! Mija gasps at the sight before her. The field and the nea hill are densely packed with thousands, no, tens of thous of Super Pigs. Standing atop the hill is a factory-type slaughterhouse...
86) 5) dialog: Damn. (Calling) Okja!! Mija shouts Okja’s name as she runs, even louder than Jay She suddenly stops when she hears a LOW GROWL. Is it Okja hallucination? She turns toward the sound to find... .»+-a long line of pigs marching into the entrance of the slaughterhouse, silhouetted by the bright light from insi A solemn death march.
87) 17) dialog: You should be ashamed of yourself.
87) 22) dialog: You're Nancy Mirando, aren't you? Nancy glances at Jay, curious. She raises her hand at the Black Chalks to hold. 109.
87) 24) dialog: Let Mija and Okja go.
87) 28) dialog: (quietly) I hold all creatures dear to my heart Nancy but... You’re crying out to be an exception. Nancy scoffs. The Black Chalk Mercenaries violently drag and K out of the slaughterhouse. Frank gives a signal to Manager, who in turn signals his employees. The Workers r over and drag Okja toward the stun box.
91) 0) text: Bright sunlight greets Jay as he exits the penitentiary. can tell from his hair and beard that he was inside for a least a year or two. K welcomes Jay, offers him a cigaret
92) 0) text: The bus speeds through city streets. Jay's face fills the foreground. He looks back at the seats behind him to see. Red, Blond, Silver scattered around the bus. They each gr him with a knowing glance or a slight hand gesture. Silve looks healthy, rejuvenated. K enters the FRAME and sits next to Jay.
92) 2) dialog: Great.
92) 6) dialog: I'm guessing most of the Mirando big wigs will be there.