14) 21) dialog: (to Choi) Get him his doctor's coat! Choi hurriedly retrieves a white doctor's coat from her b It has the Mirando logo emblazoned on it. She scurries ov to Johnny and helps him into it. Johnny continues to caress Okja - her well-developed musc faultless skin, and taut curves, his expression one of aw
14) 24) dialog: Shhh! They're filming! Johnny looks at Hee Bong with sincere respect, giving him big thumbs up.
14) 26) dialog: (to Chang) Pan from Johnny to the old man! 23.
14) 28) dialog: (to Johnny) This is it! The moment of mutual trust between Mirando's very own Dr. Johnny and the esteemed local farmer.
14) 41) dialog: Hey! No! With a hand gesture, Jennifer shoos Mundo out of the shot Mundo lingers awkwardly. He walks over to Hee Bong and WHISPERS something in his ear. 25.
52) 11) dialog: (Brightly) Right! The Best Super Pig Fest will continue as planned! Their eyes flicker nervously towards Lucy - who has thus said nothing. Finally, she stirs.
52) 13) dialog: YOU'RE not a psychopath! THEY'RE the psychopaths, right, Ms. Mirando? They're narcissists. Jennifer glances around the conference room, pleased with herself.
52) 28) dialog: (brightly) Oh, we don't look too bad!
52) 35) dialog: (Brightly) Sure! Leave it with me! Jennifer looks delighted and relieved that others are get the blame.
59) 0) text: The MONTAGE MUSIC continues. CLOSE on a screen: We see an amateur You Tube VIDEO of Mi riding Okja in the Seoul supermarket. It’s had 126 millio views. A team of young MIRANDO MARKETING EMPLOYEES sit in front their computers and eagerly watch their boss, Jennifer.
59) 1) dialog: (Brightly) And... GO! All at once, the Mirando Marketing Employees begin enthusiastically typing. CLOSE on their screens: They're typing messages on TWITTE and TUMBLR and FACEBOOK and YOU TUBE and INSTAGRAM - an orchestrated corporate endeavor to flood the Internet wit Mirando positivity: "Yo, I heard the hot You Tube girl riding the giant pig i coming to NYC!!!" "Cute!" "Totally my type!" "She's gonna at the Mirando Best Super Pig Fest in NYC!! AWESOME!" "LO HER!!!" "The hot girl and Dr. Johnny and the giant pig together in NYC!!! SO COOL!!!"
63) 8) dialog: Hi, Johnny. Is Okja with you? Will you put her on the phone?
63) 10) dialog: (with a laugh) Our precious local farmer princess insists that she speaks to her on the phone. Whatever... She says you should lift her ear and put the receiver underneath.
67) 0) text: Jennifer and STYLIST 1 quickly walk down the boutique hot hallway carrying a Mirando uniform on a hanger, fluid STEADICAM following from behind. Jennifer inspects the uniform, front and back. 80.
67) 1) dialog: What the hell is this? We see wild cursive scrawled on the bright uniform. Hardl couture. Messy.
67) 3) dialog: She can't get enough of herself, can she? Jennifer looks tired from the weeks of rigorous event planning, but as soon as she opens the hotel room door, s turns her face upside down and returns to her usual hyperactive self.
67) 4) dialog: (brightly) How's everyone doing?! People busily mill about in Mija's suite. Mija is surroun by a MAKEUP ARTIST, HAIR STYLIST, and WARDROBE STYLIST 2 seems to be in some sort of stand-off involving the fanny pack.
67) 9) dialog: (brightly) Yes, yes, everything is fine! But you have to wear this. Isn't this uniform pretty? It's a special edition custom-made just for you. Look! The CEO even autographed it. Totally rad, right?! Wow! Jennifer continues to hype it up, but Mija is not in the mood. She refuses bluntly.
67) 11) dialog: Mija. Sweetheart! You'll meet her on stage in just a few hours! Wearing this very pretty uniform! Think about how dramatic it’1l be. As Jennifer's speech becomes more and more impassioned, a ROOM SERVICE worker enters with a cart and begins putting down food. Confused chatter: "Who ordered food?" "Looks fantastic!" "Just sign for it." Garbled voices overwhelm suite.
67) 12) dialog: Okja doesn't even know you're here. If you show up on stage without telling her, it’1ll be such a great surprise! I'm getting emotional just thinking about it! Yay!
67) 14) dialog: Mija. I don't think you understand this situation. We are the ones who have Okja. Okay? We are doing you a favor. Do you get it now? 82. Mija becomes nervous. We've never seen Jennifer like this before.
67) 15) dialog: (smiles) You want to go back home with Okja, right? Then do as you're told. Otherwise, this is what will happen to Okja. Jennifer removes the lid of the room service tray next to her, revealing a deliciously cooked pork chop steak. Mija petrified. Jennifer holds out the uniform again.
67) 16) dialog: Put it on. Mija fearfully takes the uniform and goes into the suite bedroom.
74) 10) dialog: 