1) 30) text: Johnny Wiseman’s working for Mirando now?
14) 5) dialog: Fuck me! (panting) All right. I'm here. I'm fucking here, goddamn it. Hee Bong, Mija, and Mundo all turn their heads. A large m struggles up the steep incline, bitching and moaning all way. This is Dr. JOHNNY WISEMAN.
14) 8) dialog: You... (panting) You just had to... (panting) «+. drag me all the way up to this fucking mountain top.
14) 10) dialog: All the other Super Pigs were on flat land, accessible by car. Japan's Super Pig was about a five minute drive from the airport. I notice that you leave the fucking mountain top Super Pig to the end because you knew the climb would rile me. Well, guess what? I'm riled. Johnny's companions stand around awkwardly. There's JENNI the Marketing Director from Mirando HQ (30s, American). S wears a DSLR over her neck. And there's a Korean TV crew CHANG (35), the cameraman, and CHOI (26, female) the interpreter/assistant. Choi looks back and forth between Johnny and Hee Bong, tr to smile the awkwardness away.
14) 11) dialog: Well, can someone at least bring me some water? Given that I am about to be filmed for fucking television? 21. Choi RUSHES over to the faucet and begins to pour.
14) 12) dialog: Not sparkling water. I don't want to belch my way through the broadcast.
14) 14) dialog: Soju... Before Hee Bong can react, Johnny cracks open the bottle downs the soju in one swig.
14) 16) dialog: There she is!
14) 18) dialog: She's wonderful. He rushes over to Okja and begins caressing her body. Thi real, touching enthusiasm.
14) 19) dialog: (softly) Just perfect! (furiously, to Chang the cameraman) Well, fucking film me! You can't fake these emotions. 22.
14) 22) dialog: (to the camera) Ten years ago twenty-six local farmers in twenty-six far-flung countries were each given a super piglet. This year I've traveled to each of the twenty-six farms to meet the Super Pigs and decide which one will be invited to the BEST SUPER PIG FEST in New York City, where they'll be unveiled to the world!
14) 25) dialog: You've done an incredible job. Hee Bong doesn't need a translator to understand. He hold his thumb. Jennifer is ecstatic. This is exactly what she wanted.
14) 29) dialog: (to Hee Bong) She's truly exceptional.
14) 31) dialog: How did you do it? What was your method? Choi translates. 'Uh..' Hee Bong thinks. A brief silence everyone watches Hee Bong.
14) 33) dialog: (to the camera) He just let her run around! How beguiling! (beat) I'm not supposed to do this... I mean I'm supposed to go back to America and examine all the data before making my decision and yada yada yada... But... Johnny winks at the camera.
14) 34) dialog: (dramatically) Jennifer? Two medals please. Chang pans to Jennifer as she takes out two 'Best Super P medals and hands them to Johnny. 24. Johnny puts one medal over Hee Bong's neck and another ov Okja's neck. Okja BLOWS in Johnny's face, covering his face with drool Johnny responds with his trademark UPROARIOUS LAUGH.
14) 35) dialog: (to Okja) We have our winner! Ready for the festival in New York City?
14) 37) dialog: One more medal please! Jennifer hands another medal to Johnny. Johnny walks over Mija.
14) 38) dialog: A special medal for a special lady who I’m sure helped raise the Super Pig too in her own special way! Johnny ceremoniously puts the medal over Mija’s neck.
14) 39) dialog: Get some cutaways of the pig! Chang dutifully does. After he's gone, Johnny talks quiet to Mija.
14) 40) dialog: I'm sorry I was kinda grumpy when I first arrived on your farm. Being a television presenter can be stressful. Mija looks blank - she has no idea what he's saying. As Chang gets cutaways of Okja, Mundo tries to squeeze in the frame.
14) 42) dialog: (still talking to Mija) I always have to be 'on'. Especially now I find myself the ‘face of the Mirando Corporation'! How did that even happen?! Hee Bong grabs Mija's hand and takes her to the corner of yard.
52) 53) dialog: Uh. She's not the face of the Mirando Company. I am. You don't even know if she can DO anything other than cry. Whereas I am much loved all over the world!
52) 55) dialog: You're... forcing me to...
52) 57) dialog: To examine my options.
61) 0) text: Okja's POV: We see small cages lined on either side of th hallway, each containing tiny Super Piglets: A piglet wit hideously large tumor, one with red, veiny eyes and neck- twitching tic symptoms, one dragging its deformed hind legs... Victims of genetic experimentation. They SQUEAL loudly wh they see Okja. Okja also lets out a heart-wrenching SQUEA if commiserating with the piglets in the cages. The seasoned MIRANDO LABORATORY WORKERS move Okja toward steel door, pulling on her leash and poking her from behi with stun batons. The Worker in the front opens the door reveal an immaculate white room. Inside the room is none other than Dr. Johnny Wiseman! He greets Okja enthusiastically, dressed in a white gown.
61) 1) dialog: Okja! He runs his hands over Okja's body.
61) 2) dialog: So we reunite. In this wretched laboratory no less. Johnny lovingly caresses Okja's face, clearly drunk. Behi him, we see a hideous male Super Pig twisting its giganti body. It is about 1.5 times the size of Okja.
61) 3) dialog: Let me introduce you to each other. Alfonso, say hello to Okja! Okja, Alfonso! Your boyfriend! Haha! Johnny drags Okja toward ALFONSO, the male pig. As the st door shuts with a loud CLANK, the MONTAGE MUSIC abruptly stops. Oppressive SILENCE fills the screen.
62) 0) text: Heavy silence. The faces of the A.L.F. members are lit by ghostly light of the computer screen. 73. They are seeing Okja's POV, but because one side of the ‘White Room' is covered entirely by a mirror, they see everything Okja is going through. Johnny and the Lab Workers drag Okja toward Alfonso, who increasingly excited at the sight of her. Okja's fearful SCREAM pierces the computer speakers.
63) 0) text: CLOSE ON a green soju bottle. Johnny picks it up and gulp down. Alfonso isn't in the room anymore. Okja is sprawled the floor, lifeless. A dreadful silence. The heavily inebriated Johnny takes the remainder of the soju and wal over to Okja. He crouches before her.
63) 1) dialog: You want some? He pours some on his hand and brings it to her mouth. Okj closes her nostrils, repulsed by the smell. Johnny doesn' care. He just slurps it up himself. He licks every last d
63) 2) dialog: It makes you feel better. Okja is completely drained from the brutal mating session with Alfonso, barely moving. Johnny also lies on the floo resting his head on his arm, face to face with Okja. 76.
63) 3) dialog: The first time is the hardest. It'll get easier. Johnny lets out a melancholy sigh.
63) 4) dialog: Oh, this is a unspeakable place. I know, I know. And this room isn't even the worst. There are worse rooms out there. (Beat) Lucy Mirando told me I wasn't to harm you in here. At least not visibly. She wants you perfect for her big telecast! Johnny starts to rise.
63) 5) dialog: But when a woman humiliates a man in front of his colleagues, a man is inclined to make his own decisions. Johnny suddenly picks up a piece of long metallic equipme from the floor.
63) 6) dialog: So there is one last thing. This. Johnny laughs. He fits the tip of the equipment with a needle.
63) 7) dialog: This... It's called a biopsy gun. What it does is... (laughs ) It's nothing really. It's used on beef... I mean live cows... To check the marbling... A phone RINGS inside the room. Johnny presses the speakerphone button, and we hear Jennifer's annoyingly hi pitched voice.
63) 9) dialog: What? 77.
63) 11) dialog: You're on speakerphone. We hear a SNAP as Mija snatches the phone from Jennifer. hear her voice through the speaker.
64) 0) text: Johnny SLAMS off the speakerphone. Okja cries, saying something to Mija. When the sound abruptly stops, she beg to shift back and forth nervously. Okja's desperate dance enrages Johnny, and he SMASHES the speakerphone on the fl Okja freezes. Johnny wobbles over with the biopsy gun in hand and a semi-translucent iPad in the other. Open on th iPad is an app developed by Mirando for intra-company use When Johnny takes a picture of Okja using the app, 3-D contours appear over the picture along with the names of parts. 78. He aims the gun on Okja's back. He pretends to stick the needle in her skin.
64) 1) dialog: BANG!! Sirloin! Okja lets out a weak GROWL.
64) 2) dialog: The shank! Oh, yeah! Johnny laughs as he drunkenly sways from side to side. He touches the needle of the biopsy gun.
64) 3) dialog: Don't worry. You won't die. I'm just going to take a bit of your 'meat.' Of course I'm not going to eat it. We have 'tasters' for that. (laughs) They're a bunch of half-wit degenerate fucktards. He laughs like a madman. Okja MOANS weakly. Johnny is losing his mind, partially due to the alcohol b mostly due to his guilt.
64) 4) dialog: So... I'm gonna have to poke you in five places. He raises the gun.
64) 5) dialog: I'm sorry! Johnny becomes teary-eyed. His emotions swing wildly from manic laughter to self-pitying sorrow.
64) 6) dialog: It's gonna hurt! (sobs ) But I can't anesthetize you! We need to eat your meat! Okja MOANS. Johnny weeps uncontrollably, his face a mask tears and snot.
64) 7) dialog: I shouldn't be here. I'm an animal lover. Everyone knows that about me! And the sick shit Lucy makes us do in here. (MORE )
64) 9) dialog: Christ knows how many laws we're breaking. It makes my stomach -- BANG. Johnny pulls the trigger mid-speech. Okja's leg spa from the sting. Her SCREAM echoes throughout the room.
71) 0) text: The marching band reaches a climax as the enormous inflat super pig floats above the stage. The crowd GOES WILD as Johnny jumps up excitedly on the stage. He swings his arms wildly, acting like he's conduc the orchestra. Johnny brings his performance to a end with a dramatic sn The marching band stops playing at the exact moment. A br moment of silence before the crowd erupts in APPLAUSE. Johnny snatches up the microphone and yells into it like rock star.
71) 1) dialog: Magical, Magical...
71) 5) dialog: Now everyone knows Dr. Johnny can't stand anything boring.
71) 7) dialog: Have I ever given you a boring show?
72) 0) text: Red sits cross-legged on the floor, constructing some wei MECHANICAL DEVICE. She stands and looks out of the window RED'S POV: A little distance off, Johnny is on stage, amp up the crowd. The Super Pig balloon hovers above the stag Johnny's voice booms throughout the plaza.
73) 1) dialog: Ten years ago twenty-six farmers from lands far away were each given one magical super piglet. This year I met each of these twenty-six wonderful people... On the large screen behind Johnny, we see a VIDEO MONTAGE Johnny meeting fully grown Super Pigs and their Farmers i picture perfect settings - New Zealand, Sweden, South Kor Italy...
73) 2) dialog: «+.to decide which Super Pig would have the honor of being invited to this prestigious occasion. (beat) Are you ready to meet the WINNER of the contest? The Best Super Pig on the face of this earth? The Best of the best?
73) 6) dialog: 
73) 10) dialog: Well I'm afraid you're going to have to meet someone else first! The crowd BOOS good-naturedly.
73) 11) dialog: Isn't that always the way? Before you meet the talent, you gotta meet the suits! Johnny does a theatrical yawn. The crowd laugh.
73) 12) dialog: Just kidding! She's an amazing little lady and the brains behind this whole Super Pig project! So please put your hands together for the one, the only, Luuucy Mirandoooooo! APPLAUSE. Lucy gracefully struts onto the stage, mock-wag her finger at Johnny.
74) 2) dialog: I wonder what she bought?! Maybe some oinkment! Or maybe a DVD. Jurassic Pork? Or a copy of Porks Illustrated! If she did, I hope she doesn't HOG it! I want a look at the swimwear models myself!! The audience and Lucy groan. Lucy puts up her hand to shu everyone.
76) 2) dialog: ...the sick shit Lucy makes us do in here. Christ knows how many laws we're breaking. It makes my stomach BANG. Johnny pulls the biopsy gun trigger mid-speech. Blond has LOOPED that dreadful moment so it plays on the giant LED screen OVER AND OVER. Johnny and Lucy stare at the screen, at a loss. Audience members SHOUT IN FURY, throwing bottles and cans in their direction.
76) 4) dialog: (with as much sincerity as he can muster) I promise - no, I pledge - to learn from this. Johnny's face is a picture of humility. He gulps. A beat. Then a soda can hits him straight between the eyes.