0) 6) text: (Smiling) It's okay, Frank. I'm not my sister! (To the Make-Up Lady) I am announcing a miracle.
1) 0) text: The conference room is packed with REPORTERS and TV CREWS A spotlight shines on a small potted tree in the corner o the stage. It looks uncannily similar to the Mirando Comp logo. Lucy stands on the stage. She's charismatic, modern, mayb slightly vulnerable. The sight calls to mind a Steve Jobs product launch or Gwyneth Paltrow delivering a TED talk.
1) 5) text: Why couldn't this miracle have happened forty years ago when I was looking for a wife! I could have married a supermodel!" Well, I'm sorry Senor Villacorta. It turns out we don't choose when we get to save humanity. Lucy makes a peculiar hand gesture. The words "Saving Humanity" appear on the screen in hundreds of languages, various styles of calligraphy.
1) 10) text: (Beat) Mary is like nothing on earth. FRANK watches Lucy speak from below the stage. He quietly mouths 'like nothing on Earth' in time with her.
1) 30) text: Johnny Wiseman’s working for Mirando now?
1) 38) text: How long will the wait be? When do we get to see the big pigs? For a beat, Lucy looks like she doesn't know what to say. Then she recovers.
2) 0) text: Lucy Mirando slumps on the toilet with a cigarette in her mouth, sans makeup. She is web-searching articles on her cutting edge 2006 flip phone. Press photos of her dancing “Harvest For the World” pass through the screen. She begi mouthing words to herself. We don't know whether she's reading the article or reliving her speech. The phone begins to ring and the name "Nancy Mirando" fla across the screen in bold letters. Lucy debates whether t answer before shutting it.
3) 0) text: A thick forest sits at the foot of a mountain range that stretches for miles. SUPERIMPOSE TITLE: "The Present Day. 2016." SUPERIMPOSE TITLE: "South Korea." When the TITLE disappears, we notice a tiny white dot mov in the woods far ahead. A person? An animal?
4) 0) text: A SMALL GIRL carefully climbs down the hill, a straw sack over her shoulder, her face a mix of street-smart stubbornness and innocence. She is MIJA. We hear BUSTLING behind her - and see a VERY LARGE and VE STRANGE-LOOKING ANIMAL unsteadily tiptoeing down the hill is a fully grown SUPER PIG - OKJA. Okja clumsily makes her way down the hill, looking terrif She steps on a thorny chestnut bur and immediately freeze She looks back and forth between Mija and her foot with a blank expression. She looks silly - the hugely oversized creature with her foot daintily raised. Mija immediately runs over and plucks the chestnut bur fr Okja's foot. Okja blows through her nostrils in relief, s wearing the same blank expression. She is awesome in size but slow, and doesn't appear very intelligent.
5) 0) text: From atop the hill, Mija looks down at a tree in the bott It teems with ripe orange persimmons.
6) 0) text: Mija peers into the water. She looks up and waves at Okja (O.S.) - indicating a part of the stream where the water deepest. Suddenly, Okja's colossal body fills the SCREEN as she fl across the air toward Mija. She splashes into the water, sending a mini-tsunami in all directions. Like when an obese person jumps into a small tub, copious amounts of water and FISH flow over the banks. The fish f around frantically. Mija quickly picks out the larger one puts them in the sack and throws the little ones back int the stream. Quick and efficient. A familiar routine. With her eyes and nostrils barely poking out of the water Okja takes a leisurely swim. Mija takes off her clothes a jumps in. They swim under the blissful autumn sunlight. A idyllic moment. It feels like time has stopped. Okja suddenly climbs onto a large rock. She shakes off th water like a dog and tightens, arching her body. Her larg ears point up in a peculiar fashion. Mija catches the 'signal'.
7) 0) text: Mija's grandfather, HEE BONG (70), carries firewood, gett ready to make dinner. The sun is falling fast. Hee Bong l toward the mountains with concern.
8) 0) text: Hee Bong's voice echoes through the mountains. Inside Mij straw sack, half-submerged in water, a fish peeks through chestnuts and persimmons, still breathing. Mija jolts awake. She looks around blankly before realizi she slept too long. She shakes Okja awake. Okja spreads o her humongous jaws and yawns.
9) 0) text: The short-cut is narrow and borders a steep incline. Mija Okja hurry down it. Mija notices that the rope around Okj neck is hanging limply off her. She turns to re-tie it, suddenly SLIPS, and FALLS down the incline, the rope in h hand. She slides towards a SHEER DROP. 14. She grabs a nearby scrub, which holds her for a moment, t SNAPS in her hand. She continues sliding, the cliff edge approaching sharply... Okja looks blankly down. Then she suddenly steps on her e of the rope. Mija's plummet abruptly STOPS. She dangles precariously over the cliff - her life barely preserved b the tip of Okja's foot. Okja lowers her enormous snout toward the rope, trying to pull Mija back up with her mouth. But her mouth and tongu are large and unwieldy. Okja struggles until - in a sudde move - she twists her neck and successfully bites the rop But as she does, she loses balance and begins sliding dow the incline. Still desperately holding onto the rope, Mija immediately drops several feet in the air. Then she suddenly STOPS. She looks up and sees Okja peeking over her, having slid the way to the edge of the cliff. The rope is tightly stretched between them. Large drops of drool escape throu Okja's fiercely clenched teeth and fall onto Mija's body. With an emphatic umph, Okja steps backwards, the rope in mouth. She somehow manages a few strenuous steps. But the rock that had been anchoring her foot suddenly comes loos and she begins sliding again. Mija SCREAMS as she goes into a free fall. Okja shrieks t as she slides towards the SHEER DROP. Suddenly, Okja spots a large tree stump below. With the r clenched in her mouth, she twists and steers her body tow the stump. Right before reaching the edge, she coils hers and jumps over to the other side of the stump. Okja FALLS OFF THE CLIFF. But the rope hung over the stum forms a pulley mechanism. And so - as Okja dives headlong with the rope in her mouth - Mija is pulled up by Okja's weight. As Okja falls and Mija rises, they lock eyes at the midpo A fleeting moment of desperate, longing sadness. When Mija reaches the tree stump, Okja unclenches her jaw and lets go of the rope - PLUMMETING towards the woods be
9) 3) text: Okja plummets further, until she's swallowed up in the gr leaves. Mija's heart breaks as she watches Okja fall afte saving her life.
10) 0) text: The forest is densely packed with trees. Mija desperately searches for Okja, but she is nowhere to be found.
12) 0) text: It's silent except for the sound of insects. We see the picture frames on the wall. A story spanning t years. There's a Mirando Certificate with Hee Bong's picture pri on it. It reads in English: Congratulations farmer HEE BO Raise your Super Pig with love and care! Love, Lucy Miran There's 6-year-old Mija hugging her Super Piglet. There's 12-year-old Mija tightly hugging the fully grown Okja. Mija sleeps with a comic book open in front of her. A sou wakes her up. She looks toward a tiny window in the corne the room. The window opens directly to the shed where Okj kept. We see Okja's massive butt through the window. She keeps shifting her tail, bothered by the itching in the wounded area. The tail is too short and hardly reaches the wound. Mija picks up a back scratcher from the floor. She attach long bamboo stick to the end and sits in front of the tin window. She yawns as she pokes the stick through the wind and scratches the area around Okja's wound. Mija begins to doze. She closes her eyes. 18.
13) 0) text: MUNDO PARK (39) hikes up along the stream, covered in swe Dressed in a suit and tie, he carries a bag that bears th ‘Mirando Korea' logo. He stops for breath, and looks down mountain behind him. He takes out his phone. The signal i poor, and he holds up his phone at various angles before finally getting a bar and dialing.
14) 0) text: Hee Bong stands at the faucet and pours water into a buck He turns off the faucet almost as soon as he turns it on. Still thinking he poured too much, he pours off a little the basin before handing the bucket to Mundo. Mundo gulps down the water, thoroughly covered in sweat. Mija washes Okja in the front yard. 19.
15) 0) text: The sun shines on two burial mounds lying side by side in quiet woods. Hee Bong and Mija pluck weeds and dust off t tombstone.
16) 0) text: Mija runs out of the trees and arrives at the house to fi it completely empty. The dirt in the yard is wildly print with footprints. We can picture how Okja must have been dragged away. The hairs stand on Mija's body.
17) 0) text: Mija runs down the mountain with great speed and athletic having grown up roaming these hills. She runs her legs of through the trees, over the rocks, and through the air ac the stream. The branches scratch and scar Mija's face but continues running, gaining speed. But Okja and her escorts are nowhere to be seen.
18) 0) text: Mija stands at the point where the highway begins. She lo far ahead at a sedan and a large container truck - just d Mija breathes heavily, exhausted from her run. A tear for in her eye. The truck containing Okja rounds the bend and disappears to the other side of the mountain.
19) 0) text: CLOSE ON a large cauldron sitting on top of a fire hole, steam rising from it. Hee Bong opens the lid, and we see whole chicken inside the boiling water. Hee Bong adds cinnamon, ginger, and vetch to the pot. He hears someone entering and pokes his head out of the kitchen. He sees M crossing the yard limply, eyes swollen from crying and ch streaked with dirty tears. Mija stomps past Hee Bong and towards her room, scattering the chickens away.
20) 0) text: Hee Bong pokes his head inside the room. He carefully ope his mouth.
21) 0) text: As the NOISE reaches a crescendo, we see a wide staircase filled with SUBWAY PASSENGERS transferring between lines. 31. Black heads filling the SCREEN move in a single direction One of the heads turns and looks around - Mija.
22) 0) text: Mija stares hopelessly at the large subway map on the wal The subway lines are intricately spun like spider webs. T resemble Mija's tangled hair and her utterly confused sta She somehow identifies her destination on the sprawling m and takes out a coin from her fanny pack, inserts it in t ticketing machine. The fanny pack is a promotional gift f Mirando. Mija makes note of the Mirando Korea address and phone number printed on the inside.
23) 0) text: A white, clean interior brightly lit by fluorescent light Mija stands up against the glass door and peers inside. W see an empty front desk with the Mirando logo and a potte tree that has the exact silhouette of the logo. The lobby is silent until... CLICK, CLICK. A skinny RECEPTIONIST clicks her high heels into the lobby and ret to her seat. Mija tries to make eye contact, but the Receptionist look down at her smartphone and doesn't look up. Mija - feelin invisible - KNOCKS on the glass. The Receptionist finally raises her head and sees Mija's appearance. She points to a guest phone attached to a sta in front of the entrance.
24) 3) text: A poster on the wall, advertising Mirando's Super Pig project. The copy 'Harvest For The World' accompanies a picture of hundreds of fully grown Super Pigs feeding on grassy acres of the Mirando corporate Ranch in Arizona. To Mija the sight is deeply unsettling. It's like seeing hundreds of Okjas. At that moment, we hear a SQUEAL. Is it the real Okja?! Mija runs toward the sound but is caught by an ELDERLY SECURITY GUARD. She throws him off, sending him into the ground. Now it's the RECEPTIONIST'S turn. She leaps at Mi but Mija evades her with great athleticism, jumping over desks and cubicles. 34. Mija runs into a conference room and locks the glass door
25) 1) text: A PARKING LOT, invisible to the outside world. Mundo and UNIFORMED MIRANDO EMPLOYEES are dragging a chained and ro Okja towards a large trailer. The Mirando uniforms are surprisingly BRIGHT and COLORFUL VIBRANT looking. Okja is desperately resisting - but to no avail.
26) 0) text: The OFFICE EMPLOYEES have vacated their desks to form a gallery in the parking lot. They're all busy taking selfi with Okja in the background.
28) 0) text: As the Uniformed Employees struggle to tie the violently resisting Okja in place, Mundo puts his face against Okja and raises a selfie stick. He makes his best cute face as takes a picture.
30) 0) text: Mija runs with wild desperation as the truck disappears i the distance. But it soon slows down to merge onto a larg road and Mija accelerates with all her might until she reaches a point where the road continues downhill but the sidewalk remains level with the buildings. She runs along the truck until... .+-she boldly jumps and - THUMP - lands on the roof of th trailer. 36.
31) 0) text: THUMP. Okja looks up at the sound. She SQUEALS and hikes her head. The Uniformed Employees also look up curiously. Okja can feel Mija's presence above her. She touches the ceiling with her face as she continues to SQUEAL.
33) 0) text: Mundo sees the overpass. It seems very low. He looks over Kim, who drives, still looking blank.
34) 0) text: Mija drops to her stomach. She lies flat and closes her e The truck blasts through.
37) 0) text: Kim continues to floor the gas pedal with a blank face. Mundo looks ahead and sees another overpass quickly approaching. This time the sign reads 3.9 meters.
38) 0) text: Wind batters Mija's face. She squints and looks ahead at overpass. Her muscles tense as she instinctively senses danger.
39) 0) text: Mundo is too paralyzed to speak. Kim floors the pedal wit that dead expression on his face. The 3.9 meter overpass approaches fast.
40) 0) text: Okja lets out a piercing SQUEAL - as if calling for Mija. The Uniformed Employees cover their ears.
41) 0) text: As Okja SQUEALS, Mija runs toward the back of the trailer The overpass is about to slam the back of her head when.. 38. .+-Mija jumps and hangs onto the rear door handle of the trailer. SPARKS fly as the trailer roof scrapes against the unders of the overpass. The horrible sound of metal scratching against concrete, Mundo's scream, and Mija's shouting overwhelm our ears at once. Dangling from the handle, Mija BANGS on the rear door of trailer. INT. TRAILER, MIRANDO TRUCK —- CONTINUOUS The Uniformed Employees stand up to investigate the bangi when they get caught between Okja's massive body and the trailer wall. They scream in pain as Okja twists her giga body towards Mija. Mija and Okja cry for each other.
41) 22) text: As Mundo proudly yells this he loses his footing and SLAM into a PARKED CAR - knocking himself UNCONSCIOUS.
42) 0) text: The point where the underpass joins the open road. Okja r at full speed with Mija on her back while the black semi chases them, quickly closing the gap. The Uniformed Emplo belatedly join the chase carrying tranquilizer guns. Mund holds onto his head as he tags along.
43) 0) text: Okja enters the passage and stumbles down the concrete st She’s never climbed stairs before and is anxious about it PEDESTRIANS scream and scatter at the sight of the giant
44) 0) text: SHOPPERS and SHOP OWNERS scream in horror. Shoes, makeup, clothes and mannequins are blasted into the air as Okja b past. A PART-TIME STUDENT dressed as a PINK PIG distributes fly in front of a newly opened snack bar decorated with color balloons. Dance music blares in the background. 43. He sees the enormous pig hurtling toward him. He begins running for his life - the huge pig face still over his h As he runs, he desperately fishes for an angle with his smartphone - trying to film a video of Okja and himself. As Okja makes a sudden turn, her foot gets caught in a clothing rack jutting out of the corner. She falls on top glass plates displayed before the adjacent store. A loud CRASH. Mija is thrown off Okja's back, landing head first the floor. The Jacket breaks from his group and rushes to Mija's sid propping her up. Mija looks dazed from the impact.
46) 0) text: Instead of answering, the Jacket lifts his t-shirt and sh Mija a TATTOO - a balaclava-wearing, angel-winged Animal Liberation Front member embracing a lamb in his arms. Mija stares blankly at the tattoo as POLICEMEN come runni from the opposite end of the passage with tear gas guns drawn. The group - along with Okja and Mija - stand and run. The police give chase. The Jacket sees a passage that leads to a garage. He dire the other members towards it and shouts into the phone.
47) 0) text: The group bolt out of the door just as the black semi spe toward them from the opposite side. The back doors of the trailer are already open and Mija j in first. She gives a sign to Okja, who climbs in with gr difficulty. The A.L.F. members push Okja's behind with th combined strength. Again, ONE seems frailer than the othe Once Okja is inside, the Assailants climb aboard. The Police finally arrive and haphazardly fire their tear guns, but to no avail. The black semi speeds away, the ba doors still swinging open, the policemen running pathetic after them. Suddenly a man squeezes through the group of Policemen an leaps to the front with tremendous speed. It is none othe than MUNDO, with the UNIFORMED MIRANDO EMPLOYEES running behind him. Mundo chases the semi with fierce determination. The A.L. members watch with mild curiosity. Okja suddenly bends her body and perks up her ears as she turns to Mija. Mija stares in disbelief.
47) 16) dialog: (chuckling) Mija. Okja. Those are like old- fashioned names. That’s sweet. Jay gives K a “so what” look. Awkward silence.
47) 18) text: Thank you so much. 47. Jay speaks in an overly formal manner as he fixes his necktie.
47) 58) dialog: (in Korean - to Mija) It will be like Okja's hidden camera show! Mija is still confused.
47) 67) dialog: She agrees to the mission. Neither Mija nor the A.L.F. members notice K's lie. The members applaud vigorously. Jay gives her a warm, sincere hug, deeply moved. Mija stands there, not knowing what ju happened.
47) 69) dialog: Go!! He takes out a Ziplock bag from his pocket and puts his m tablet and iPhone in the bag. The members form a single f before him and deposit their own cell phones into the bag
48) 0) text: The sun has nearly set. The black semi races through the riverside road. We see police cars and Mirando security c chasing after it with SIRENS blaring. The semi steers toward the railing, so close that we plai see the dark river below. While other A.L.F. members hesi nervously, Silver limps to the door and fearlessly jumps the truck.
49) 0) text: Motivated by Silver, Blond and Red dive off after him. Ja the last one to put his cell phone in K's Ziplock bag. He turns to Mija.
50) 0) text: A BIKER riding along the bank looks up in surprise when a black figure jumps from the expressway above and SPLASHES into the water. SPLASH, SPLASH. Columns of water go up, a the black figures subsequently swim out of the water one one. JOGGERS stop and watch the bizarre spectacle. 55.
51) 0) text: Once K jumps, the A.L.F. member who was driving stops the truck and runs out. He throws his outdated folder phone i the river and himself jumps off the expressway. SPLASH. The police cars and Mirando security cars surround the bl semi. POLICEMEN run out of their vehicles and look down a the river, defeated. The circular ripples from the last splash slowly disperse.
52) 0) text: ON THE TV: Amateur footage of A.L.F. members with bolt cutters and other tools ambushing the Mirando truck in th underpass.
56) 0) text: As the MONTAGE MUSIC continues, we see large CARGO being unloaded from the back of the plane. We follow one of the containers - a large metal cage. We see Okja crouched ins MIRANDO HQ EMPLOYEES and PRIVATE SECURITY CONTRACTORS swa the cage as soon as it hits the tarmac.
56) 1) text: Okja sits inside the cage with a sullen expression. She nervously blinks her eyes. 68. OKJA'S POV: Through a small opening on the side, she sees unfamiliar scenery of New York passing by. The fake black box/video transmission device is also pointed outside.
56) 3) dialog: Got it! The signal's good. (to the members in the backseat) We're seeing what Okja's seeing. K sits in the passenger seat with his laptop connected to satellite receiver. Through the front windshield, we see Mirando truck about 50 meters ahead of the sedan.
56) 7) dialog: Slow down. Let's put some distance between us and them. I want to test how far the signal reaches.
57) 0) text: The MONTAGE MUSIC escalates. The East River glistens unde the sun. A vast AERIAL VIEW: The Mirando truck crosses th bridge, surrounded by escort vehicles. We see the A.L.F. sedan far behind.
58) 0) text: The MONTAGE MUSIC continues. Mija wears a passport/ticket pouch over her neck, the one given to unaccompanied minors. Hee Bong takes out the gol pig from his pocket.
59) 0) text: The MONTAGE MUSIC continues. CLOSE on a screen: We see an amateur You Tube VIDEO of Mi riding Okja in the Seoul supermarket. It’s had 126 millio views. A team of young MIRANDO MARKETING EMPLOYEES sit in front their computers and eagerly watch their boss, Jennifer.
60) 0) text: Mija sleeps, her body awkwardly folded in her first-class seat. A FEMALE CABIN ATTENDANT stops to pull up her blark She removes the “Smile: Beginner's Conversation English" from her hand and puts it in the seat-back pocket. Mija sweats from a nightmare. Her eyes twitch under the lids.
60) 8) dialog: Of course. We begin to see the inside of the secret laboratory throu Okja's POV. The A.L.F. members all lean in. 72.
61) 0) text: Okja's POV: We see small cages lined on either side of th hallway, each containing tiny Super Piglets: A piglet wit hideously large tumor, one with red, veiny eyes and neck- twitching tic symptoms, one dragging its deformed hind legs... Victims of genetic experimentation. They SQUEAL loudly wh they see Okja. Okja also lets out a heart-wrenching SQUEA if commiserating with the piglets in the cages. The seasoned MIRANDO LABORATORY WORKERS move Okja toward steel door, pulling on her leash and poking her from behi with stun batons. The Worker in the front opens the door reveal an immaculate white room. Inside the room is none other than Dr. Johnny Wiseman! He greets Okja enthusiastically, dressed in a white gown.
62) 0) text: Heavy silence. The faces of the A.L.F. members are lit by ghostly light of the computer screen. 73. They are seeing Okja's POV, but because one side of the ‘White Room' is covered entirely by a mirror, they see everything Okja is going through. Johnny and the Lab Workers drag Okja toward Alfonso, who increasingly excited at the sight of her. Okja's fearful SCREAM pierces the computer speakers.
62) 10) dialog: She never agreed to send Okja. What? All eyes fall on K. Red stops crying.
62) 12) dialog: When she was in our truck... She said she was "taking Okja back to the mountains." Jay and the members are speechless.
62) 13) dialog: (sighs) I lied.
62) 16) dialog: I don't know. In that moment... I just couldn't stop the mission. It was the coolest mission ever. K stares at the cool A.L.F. tattoo on his wrist. Jay gets from the sofa and walks over. He gently lays a hand on K' shoulder.
63) 0) text: CLOSE ON a green soju bottle. Johnny picks it up and gulp down. Alfonso isn't in the room anymore. Okja is sprawled the floor, lifeless. A dreadful silence. The heavily inebriated Johnny takes the remainder of the soju and wal over to Okja. He crouches before her.
64) 0) text: Johnny SLAMS off the speakerphone. Okja cries, saying something to Mija. When the sound abruptly stops, she beg to shift back and forth nervously. Okja's desperate dance enrages Johnny, and he SMASHES the speakerphone on the fl Okja freezes. Johnny wobbles over with the biopsy gun in hand and a semi-translucent iPad in the other. Open on th iPad is an app developed by Mirando for intra-company use When Johnny takes a picture of Okja using the app, 3-D contours appear over the picture along with the names of parts. 78. He aims the gun on Okja's back. He pretends to stick the needle in her skin.
65) 0) text: A MAN IN A WHITE GOWN cooks meat on several frying pans l out in a row. Each pan is labeled with a sign: "Sirloin," "ribs," "Boston butt," etc. Each contains three pieces of meat. A MIDDLE-AGED MAN, a MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN, and a TEENA aka the "half-wit degenerate fucktards" - approach with forks.
66) 0) text: A bright afternoon. An enormous Super Pig balloon emerges through the buildings. Below the balloon is a banner: 'Be of the Best! Magical Animals Super Pig Fest!' The scene resembles the Macy's Thanksgiving Parade. The balloon is pulled from below by dozens of men and women i UNIFORMS. They are followed by a MARCHING BAND and other parade participants. People cheer and take pictures - fin a chance to meet the famous Super Pig!
67) 0) text: Jennifer and STYLIST 1 quickly walk down the boutique hot hallway carrying a Mirando uniform on a hanger, fluid STEADICAM following from behind. Jennifer inspects the uniform, front and back. 80.
68) 0) text: As soon as she closes the sliding door, the voices recede into the background, and a vast loneliness overcomes her. Dust particles glow in the beam of light falling through curtains. She SIGHS as she looks at the strangely designed uniform. glimpses something behind it - a SHADOW lurking in the corner. Mija GASPS. The Shadow soon reveals himself to be Room Service Worker from earlier... and the Room Service Worker is subsequently revealed to be JAY!
69) 0) text: Jay casually saunters out of the hotel alley and walks ou onto the large street. He changes into his suit as he wal and joins the Super Pig Festival parade happening in the street. Among the dozens of people holding the lines of the giant Okja balloon is SILVER, disguised as one of the Uniformed Employees. He exchanges secret glances with Jay, who walk along the sidewalk. Silver gives Jay a knowing look as he points up at the balloon, and Jay looks up as well. Mirando EVENT WORKERS distribute samples - Super Pig jerk and Super Sausages - practically showering the crowd with them. People eat them up enthusiastically. 84. Some of the Employees holding the chords of the balloon a dig into the samples, giddy at seeing the brand new produ Silver becomes nauseated by the mere sight. A Mirando Employee marching next to him hands him a Super Sausage sample. Finding himself with the most vile junk f made from GM Super Pigs in his hand, Silver turns white l a sheet. Conscious of all the Mirando eyes around, he pretends to eagerly munch on the sausage, but he cannot g past the stench of meat and nearly retches. A SKINNY MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN sees this and looks down at a sample fallen on the ground. As she crouches to pick it u we glimpse an A.L.F. tattoo below her slightly raised shi A HIGH SCHOOL STUDENT sees the tattoo as he's walking by quickly checks the surroundings. He seems worried that someone might see the tattoo. As he turns, he bumps into twenty-something WOMAN walking past. A black balaclava dr from his jacket. The High School Student turns pale upon seeing the dropped balaclava.
70) 0) text: A trailer parked behind the stage. Lucy sits in front of mirror surrounded by her Makeup Team. The door opens, and Frank enters with a large bouquet. Lu smiles at Frank through the mirror.
71) 0) text: The marching band reaches a climax as the enormous inflat super pig floats above the stage. The crowd GOES WILD as Johnny jumps up excitedly on the stage. He swings his arms wildly, acting like he's conduc the orchestra. Johnny brings his performance to a end with a dramatic sn The marching band stops playing at the exact moment. A br moment of silence before the crowd erupts in APPLAUSE. Johnny snatches up the microphone and yells into it like rock star.
72) 0) text: Red sits cross-legged on the floor, constructing some wei MECHANICAL DEVICE. She stands and looks out of the window RED'S POV: A little distance off, Johnny is on stage, amp up the crowd. The Super Pig balloon hovers above the stag Johnny's voice booms throughout the plaza.
74) 15) text: The crowd hold their breath. Silence spreads throughout t plaza. CLOSE ON Okja's eyes. They resemble shark eyes. No focus, soul. Both eyes are completely saturated blood-red.
76) 0) text: BUZZ. The secretly filmed footage of the Mirando laborato appears on the screen. We see horrendously deformed GMO piglets screaming in pain, fear. Okja suddenly SQUEALS an spasms uncontrollably.
77) 0) text: Red casually smokes a cigarette as watches the plaza belo descend into further pandemonium. She takes the cigarette carefully brings it to the fuse on top of the DIY bazooka She watches the CRACKLING fuse slowly disappear.
78) 0) text: A loud BOOM. A mortar is fired from the nearby abandoned building. The handmade bomb flies across the air leaving wake of white baking powder. It hits the Super Pig balloo smack in the middle. People scream as the balloon POPS. When it does, fliers and print-outs that were hidden insi the balloon pour out onto the street. As soon as the mortar fires, Jay puts on his balaclava. T other A.L.F. members dispersed throughout the crowd do th same. Soon the plaza is covered by a sea of black heads. 93. They vastly outnumber the NYPD OFFICERS and Mirando Event Staff. Lucy begins to panic. The punctured balloon begins to shoot around wildly, and Silver pulls on the chord with all his strength to steer toward the crowd. Because of his gaunt frame, he is steer by the balloon instead, lifted up and sideways like a marionette on strings. Still he somehow manages to keep t balloon on course, and the fliers fall over the crowd lik snow on an open field. Provocative titles: "The Ugly Truth Behind the Mirando Su Pig Project!" "Mirando: Criminals. Abusers." The angry cr run over to pick up the printouts. As they do, we hear Blond's voice through the speakers.
80) 0) text: Unfolding before us is the biggest A.L.F. demonstration i history. They have completely taken over the plaza. Jay j on the stage, necktie heroically flapping in the air. He lifts his balaclava slightly and shows Mija his face.
81) 0) text: Frank looks down at the chaos from the second story windo
82) 0) text: Big A.L.F. members jump at Okja to subdue her, but they'r instantly thrown off by her violent thrashing. Mija sprints toward the wild and unruly Okja. She leaps o Okja's face and tries to hug her, but Okja bites on her a Mija lets out a horrible SCREAM. Jay and the A.L.F. membe don't know what to do as they watch the red-eyed Okja cla down on Mija's blood-dripping arm. Jay picks up a microph stand. He is about to stab Okja in the mouth when...
82) 5) text: We see Manhattan skyscrapers piercing the sky. No trees. blue sky behind Okja's face, however, is the same blue sk saw back in the mountains.
83) 0) text: Lucy - in HIDING - watches the chaos unfold. Her shock ha subsided and she's rather calm. She takes out a cigarette looks for a lighter but can't find one. Nancy Mirando enters the FRAME with a lighter and lights Lucy's cigarette. We still only see Nancy from behind.
84) 0) text: Nancy's terse, chilling orders continue in VOICE-OVER as see Okja, Mija, Jay and the A.L.F. members running throug the alley. We only hear Nancy and Frank's voices. 99.
85) 0) text: Jay lays the barely conscious Mija in the passenger seat. He's exhausted and covered in blood. The driver takes off balaclava. It's K!
85) 1) dialog: Are you okay? 101.
85) 12) dialog: Yeah! It has to be true. Jay looks conflicted. He sees that Mija is awake and turn her.
85) 20) dialog: Six, seven minutes at best. K floors the pedal, accelerating further. The MUSIC becom faster, like a heartbeat fueled by adrenaline. The truck begins to shake as it enters a dirt road. 103.
86) 2) dialog: (Calling) Okja! Suddenly K comes face to face with an OLD SECURITY GUARD. man rushes K, and K knocks him to the ground as politely he can. K sees the fallen Security Guard calling for help on his phone. He looks at his watch. 104.
86) 3) dialog: shit. K quickly telephones Jay - who is somewhere far across th field.
86) 4) dialog: Seven minutes. Starting now.
87) 0) text: Mija enters the 'factory of death'. The structure is labyrinthine, and she has no idea where to go. She's cons by shock and fear. The humidity, the revolting smell, the deafening noise, the slick, blood-covered floor. A trauma sight for a girl who grew up in the mountains. Various slabs of meat hanging from metal hooks move stead along the aerial conveyor system. Instinctively, she runs the opposite direction of the movement. WORKERS wearing large noise-blocking earmuffs stand along conveyor system and go about their jobs. They look at Mij with some curiosity, but return to their work. They're un to leave the ever-moving production line. Mija finally arrives at the stun box - aka the execution She sees a Super Pig being forced into the box. Its head firmly fitted into a hole in the front. A YOUNG HISPANIC WORKER aims a large bolt gun at its forehead and prepares shoot when he sees Mija running toward him. He briefly hesitates but soon returns his attention to his task. CLOSE on Mija’s face. We hear a BANG. The worker has evidently pulled the trigger. Mija is too horrified to ev scream. Mija freezes after witnessing the execution in all its gruesome reality. The next Super Pig is led into the stun box. It's Okja.
87) 19) dialog: Psychopath.
87) 26) dialog: You already have shitloads of money.
88) 0) text: Two Black Chalk Mercenaries lead Mija and Okja across the expansive feed-yard. Mija looks back and sees the line of pigs marching into the slaughterhouse. The death march lo even sadder under the beautiful light of the moon. Mija's heart is heavy as she leaves the rest of the pigs behind. The pigs inside the fence watch Okja enviously as she lea Two Super Pigs walk along the fence and begin following O Mija and Okja look at them curiously, soon noticing somet between the two adult pigs - a small PIGLET, their baby. The mother pig pushes the baby through the fence with her snout. The piglet is small enough to fit through the wire but it kicks and squirms and refuses to separate from its parents. The mother stubbornly shoves it through the fenc Mija realizes what the mother is trying to do. She quickl herds the piglet under Okja’s belly and looks at the two Black Chalk Mercenaries walking ahead. They are too immer in their conversation to notice. The baby pig keeps looking back as it treads along under cover of Okja’s belly. Its mother and father poke their h over the fence and let out a heartfelt SQUEAL - a goodbye As they do, other super pigs notice the BABY ESCAPEE and begin SQUEALING as well. Their cries spread, until ALL th super pigs in the feedyard have joined in - a CACOPHONY o SORROW, but also of DEFIANCE and CELEBRATION. The Black Chalks look around dumbfounded. As they do the cries reach a crescendo, and one of the pigs begins POOPI 111. And then THOUSANDS do. Thousands of super pigs shoot poop of their behinds like fireworks - a bizarre and miraculou act of rebellion. A celebration of life. Mija continues walking, a brave smile, her eyes moist. Okja carefully traipses along, minding the piglet underne like her own.
89) 0) text: CLOSE ON Mija's face as she sleeps. Fragments of light fa through the leaves and flicker on her face. Mija opens he eyes at the sound of BIRDS CHIRPING. She looks down at he belly where the piglet has fallen asleep with her face do Mija gently runs her hand over the piglet's body. Mija, i turn, is lying on top of the sleeping Okja. A tower of bodies: Okja - Mija - the piglet. A gentle breeze blows from the woods. The piglet shifts i her sleep and falls off Mija onto the grass. She looks around, dazed, before finding a place underneath Okja's e and returning to sleep. The woods, the sun, the breeze. Peace is all around. With her eyes closed, Okja flaps her ears and creates a gentle breeze for the piglet. Lying on Okja's back, Mija looks up at the trees and the blue sky.
90) 0) text: Hee Bong sets up an early dinner on the table outside. He walks back and forth between the kitchen and the front ya carrying vegetables and boiled eggs and other side dishes the table. Chickens leisurely roam the yard. Hee Bong sme the boiled potato in his hands as he brings it to the tab 112. Okja and Mija enter the frame and pass the yard toward th shed. Okja suddenly stops and looks into the camera. She stares for a while before she is dragged into the shed by Mija. The piglet comes in late. She runs around the yard kickin dust and scaring the chickens. Hee Bong walks out into th dusty yard with two bowls of rice and utensils.
91) 0) text: Bright sunlight greets Jay as he exits the penitentiary. can tell from his hair and beard that he was inside for a least a year or two. K welcomes Jay, offers him a cigaret
91) 1) dialog: (grinning) You’re sure you don’t want to get some rest first? I mean you only just got out... Jay smiles without answering. As a bus SWOOSHES into fram and blocks our view, we...
92) 0) text: The bus speeds through city streets. Jay's face fills the foreground. He looks back at the seats behind him to see. Red, Blond, Silver scattered around the bus. They each gr him with a knowing glance or a slight hand gesture. Silve looks healthy, rejuvenated. K enters the FRAME and sits next to Jay.
92) 1) dialog: (quietly) It's going to be big. Record- breaking. A lot of folks have flown in from the Midwest and Canada.
92) 3) dialog: Oh, I want to introduce you to a new member. When K waves, a small Asian man enters the FRAME. We recognize him as KIM - the ex-Mirando truck driver. He sh hands with Jay and returns to his seat in the back.
92) 4) dialog: He runs 'Mirandoisfucked.com'. Just arrived here from Seoul. Kim sits between Red and Blond and chatters incessantly l a little bird.
92) 5) dialog: He's a chatty one... Jay smiles and opens his bag to remove a black balaclava. gives a signal to the other members, and they all take ou their balaclavas. The sound of drums and marching band mu grows louder as the demonstration site approaches.
92) 7) dialog: Of course. Including Nancy. Jay flashes a slick smile as he puts on his balaclava. Th other members don theirs as well. The remaining passenger take out balaclavas too, revealing themselves to be A.L.F members. A sea of black all around. 114. The only people without balaclavas are two OLD LADIES who look around with befuddled looks. The bus loudly rumbles through the bright sunlight, and the music from the festi reaches a crescendo. As the MUSIC continues, the remaining CREDITS begin to CR OVER BLACK.