29) 3) dialog: (Nonchalantly) Huh?
33) 0) text: Mundo sees the overpass. It seems very low. He looks over Kim, who drives, still looking blank.
33) 2) dialog: Uh, they did tell me... it was, uh... Still, Kim doesn't slow down. The overpass approaches fast. The sign that indicates the height comes into view: 4.2 meters. Mundo stares at Kim.
35) 1) dialog: I guess they said it was less than 4.2 meters. Mundo wipes his sweat, relieved. 37.
37) 0) text: Kim continues to floor the gas pedal with a blank face. Mundo looks ahead and sees another overpass quickly approaching. This time the sign reads 3.9 meters.
37) 2) dialog: (mumbling) I can't... They made me drink a lot at the staff dinner last night... The overpass approaches. Mundo turns white. He instinctiv shrivels his body like a squid on a grill.
39) 0) text: Mundo is too paralyzed to speak. Kim floors the pedal wit that dead expression on his face. The 3.9 meter overpass approaches fast.
41) 13) dialog: (Nonchalantly) I'm just watching the destruction of Mirando property. Kim laughs. Behind the truck, the Black Assailants drag Okja towards their trailer. Okja desperately looks around for Mija. But she can't see anywhere. Traffic is at a standstill. DRIVERS in the opposite lane stopped their cars to take pictures and record video of t bizarre sight. Suddenly, among the pileup of cars, a girl ARISES. It is Mija. She limps to a car and climbs onto its roof. Her bo is covered in grazes but she is undeterred. She takes a deep breath and blows hard on her WHISTLE. Ok suddenly turns her head as she is being dragged away. Okja and Mija finally see each other. 41. Despite her injuries, Mija dashes toward Okja. But Okja cannot move. The Black Assailants have her locked down wi ropes. Okja tips her body and rolls over the Black Assailants. T scream - crushed by the weight. Okja and Mija beeline toward each other. They REUNITE, OVERJOYED. Like a gunslinger jumping onto a running horse a Western, Mija grabs the rope tied to Okja's body and swiftly jumps onto her back. Okja pulls an abrupt U-turn and runs toward the open road with Mija on her back. The Suit gives a hand signal to the Black Assailants. The regroup under the Suit's command and board the truck. The chase after Okja.
41) 15) dialog: (mumbling) Fuck it. What do I care? I’m leaving this shit country soon.
41) 17) dialog: (pulls keys out of ignition and tosses them) You know what? I DO have a commercial driving license, but my temporary contract doesn’t cover me for workplace injuries. Everything finally makes sense for Mundo. He opens the do and runs out.
45) 1) dialog: ALF... Animal Liberation Front? Kim searches 'A.L.F.' on the Google browser of his smartphone. He looks at the spray-painted "A.L.F" on the front of the Mirando truck.
52) 3) dialog: (smiling) They were fast, organized, and on point, like ninjas. No way a salary man from Mirando could take them. (laughs) Mirando is completely fucked! Completely fucked! A BEEP censors Kim every time he says "fucked," but he sa it with such emphasis that it is impossible not to read h lips. The Mirando employees bat their eyes nervously, worried a Lucy's reaction. ON THE TV: A repeat of the news footage of A.L.F. members running in formation.