1) 0) text: The conference room is packed with REPORTERS and TV CREWS A spotlight shines on a small potted tree in the corner o the stage. It looks uncannily similar to the Mirando Comp logo. Lucy stands on the stage. She's charismatic, modern, mayb slightly vulnerable. The sight calls to mind a Steve Jobs product launch or Gwyneth Paltrow delivering a TED talk.
1) 1) dialog: On a Spring morning three years ago a Chilean farmer named Senor Victor Zamora Villacorta was tending to his pigs when he chanced upon something very strange. A beat. Lucy has the reporters' attention. Lucy outstretc her long, graceful arm and clicks on the touchscreen behi her. A PHOTOGRAPH fills the screen of a CHILEAN FARMER posing the camera. He looks wise, old, kind - straight out of Chilean Farmer Central Casting.
1) 2) dialog: I recently had the opportunity to meet with Senor Villacorta at his hilltop farm. Each time Lucy says Senor Villacorta's name, she does so a slight Chilean twang.
1) 3) dialog: We sat out on his porch and drank wine as the sun went down. Another PHOTOGRAPH appears on the screen, this time of Lu and Senor Villacorta drinking wine at sunset. A picture- perfect rustic setting.
1) 4) dialog: He said the sweetest thing to me. "Lucy! (MORE )
1) 5) text: Why couldn't this miracle have happened forty years ago when I was looking for a wife! I could have married a supermodel!" Well, I'm sorry Senor Villacorta. It turns out we don't choose when we get to save humanity. Lucy makes a peculiar hand gesture. The words "Saving Humanity" appear on the screen in hundreds of languages, various styles of calligraphy.
1) 6) dialog: (urgently) The world's population is at seven billion. 805 million of our fellow humans struggle with hunger each day, including 30 million right here in the United States. A PHOTO-MONTAGE of WORRIED-LOOKING HUMANS from across the globe fills the screen behind Lucy. They look lost, helpl in need of a leader.
1) 7) dialog: And by 2050? We'll somehow have to feed a staggering 9.6 billion people. The world is running out of food and we are not talking about it. We needed a miracle. And then we got one - on Senor Villacorta's little hilltop farm. The lights dim. Music swells.
1) 8) dialog: Say hello to Mary. A photograph fills the screen of Senor Villacorta cradlin VERY ODD-LOOKING PIGLET in his arms. The room falls silen the fascinated Reporters stare at the very odd piglet.
1) 9) dialog: All the other piglets in the litter were normal. But this peculiar little lady turned out to be about the least normal thing you can imagine. Our scientists at the Mirando Ranch in Arizona have been raising Mary with love and care ever since, observing her and performing various studies. And I can tell you the results right now. (MORE )
1) 10) text: (Beat) Mary is like nothing on earth. FRANK watches Lucy speak from below the stage. He quietly mouths 'like nothing on Earth' in time with her.
1) 11) dialog: And so, please welcome to the stage the inspirational ... Senor Victor Zamora Villacorta! SENOR VILLACORTA walks onto the stage and stands in his predesignated spot. He's dressed in his full farmer's out There's a smattering of dutiful applause from the reporte
1) 13) dialog: Villacorta.
1) 15) dialog: (Smiling) You will. But not yet.
1) 18) dialog: Of course I am. Peter. Yes, she's my sister, but Nancy and I are very different human beings with very different business ethics. Very different. The only thing we share is our last name. Lucy smiles, but her composure is slightly rattled. A question from the audience ends the brief silence.
1) 20) dialog: She has an impressive reproduction rate. The Reporters look underwhelmed.
1) 21) dialog: (A small smile) A regular sow averages five or six piglets in a litter and two litters in a year. Mary has mated with one of our best hogs while she’s been living with us in Arizona, and she’s had a few piglets. Would you care to see them? Lucy makes a hand gesture. A FILM fills the screen of A HUNDRED very odd-looking piglets grazing the beautiful, grassy acres of the Mirando Ranch. A beat while the reporters take it in. Then the room ERUP with a volley of QUESTIONS and CAMERA FLASHES. Under the stage, Frank SMILES. This is going exactly to p
1) 23) dialog: (Beat) She got big. The reporters take in the implication.
1) 24) dialog: And her babies are going to get big too.
1) 26) dialog: (Smiling) Simon! Patience! Last week we sent twenty-six of Mary's Super Piglets to the twenty-six countries around the world where our Mirando branch offices are located. 6. The screen behind Lucy becomes a colorful world map. Thro cool graphics we see the Super Piglets being spread to Ne Zealand, Brazil, France, Sweden, Spain, Germany, Denmark, South Korea, Japan, South Africa, and so on.
1) 27) dialog: Each piglet was given to an esteemed local farmer. A PHOTOMONTAGE of SUPER PIGLETS being handed by MIRANDO EMPLOYEES to charismatic-looking FARMERS in picture-perfe locations. Faces of all shapes and colors. A testament to global nature of the project.
1) 28) dialog: I have asked each farmer to raise their special guests in a natural environment with the utmost care, honoring traditional techniques unique to their respective cultures. My top scientists at the Mirando branch offices will be on hand to offer whatever support is required. (beat) And now we have a competition! On the word 'Competition' the colorful world map reappear the large screen behind Lucy. The faces of the Local Farm appear over the map.
1) 29) dialog: These little piggies will be the forebears of a whole new species! From these, we’ll pick the most exceptional specimens and develop them into a super breed! A revolution in the livestock industry! And one local farmer will rear the biggest and most beautiful and special one! The Ultimate Super Pig! But which farmer will it be? Will Denmark win? New Zealand? That's my bet! But I'm no expert. (beat) But I know someone who is! The judging panel will be led by none other than the wonderful Dr. Johnny Wiseman - TV’s most popular zoologist and veterinarian - and the new face of the Mirando Company! The reporters are taken aback.
1) 31) dialog: Let’s remind ourselves of Dr. Johnny’s work. The screen behind Lucy fills with a MONTAGE of famous cli from the HUGELY SUCCESSFUL TV show DR. JOHNNY’S MAGICAL
1) 34) dialog: (to the screen) Oh Johnny! (to the reporters - a little chilly) He's just hilarious.
1) 37) dialog: (smiling) We're just delighted to have him! (beat) When the competition reaches its climax, Dr. Johnny will crown the winner at a Magical Animals live telecast right here in New York City! THAT'S when we'll unveil our Super Pigs to the world! And, believe me, it'll be worth the wait. Senor Villacorta is still standing on his spot - awkwardl nobody paying him any attention.
1) 38) text: How long will the wait be? When do we get to see the big pigs? For a beat, Lucy looks like she doesn't know what to say. Then she recovers.
1) 39) dialog: Ten years.
1) 42) dialog: I don't think 10 years is a terribly long commitment, given that we’re developing an entirely new, scientifically ground-breaking species that will single-handedly remedy the planet’s food shortage crisis! Our super pigs will not only be big and beautiful, they'll be designed to leave a minimal footprint on the environment, consuming less feed and forage, producing less excretions. But most importantly ... Lucy creates a long, expectant beat.
1) 43) dialog: They'll need to taste fucking good. A Pig-Faced Reporter blurts out ...
1) 45) dialog: Ten years. That's when there'll be a harvest for the world. Thank you. Words drift across the screen: 'The Super Pig Project.' ‘Saving Humanity.' 'Harvest for the World'.
2) 0) text: Lucy Mirando slumps on the toilet with a cigarette in her mouth, sans makeup. She is web-searching articles on her cutting edge 2006 flip phone. Press photos of her dancing “Harvest For the World” pass through the screen. She begi mouthing words to herself. We don't know whether she's reading the article or reliving her speech. The phone begins to ring and the name "Nancy Mirando" fla across the screen in bold letters. Lucy debates whether t answer before shutting it.
2) 2) dialog: What is it?
2) 4) dialog: (hushed voice) Are you working for me, or her? Jesus, Frank. Lucy's outburst barely affects Frank, who stares back wit innocent face. Lucy takes the phone.
2) 5) dialog: Hey, sis! How's London? 10. A LONG SILENCE. We hear Nancy breathing down the phone.
2) 6) dialog: (beat) Are you angry? Another hard silence.
2) 7) dialog: (trying to keep it light) Come on, Nance! Don't be angry! Talk to me!
2) 9) dialog: (happily) Really? Why do you think Denmark? A small, cold chuckle from Nancy.
2) 10) dialog: Are you mocking me? Please don't mock me. (beat) Nance?
2) 12) dialog: (awkwardly) What I did today... Do you think Dad would have liked it?
12) 0) text: It's silent except for the sound of insects. We see the picture frames on the wall. A story spanning t years. There's a Mirando Certificate with Hee Bong's picture pri on it. It reads in English: Congratulations farmer HEE BO Raise your Super Pig with love and care! Love, Lucy Miran There's 6-year-old Mija hugging her Super Piglet. There's 12-year-old Mija tightly hugging the fully grown Okja. Mija sleeps with a comic book open in front of her. A sou wakes her up. She looks toward a tiny window in the corne the room. The window opens directly to the shed where Okj kept. We see Okja's massive butt through the window. She keeps shifting her tail, bothered by the itching in the wounded area. The tail is too short and hardly reaches the wound. Mija picks up a back scratcher from the floor. She attach long bamboo stick to the end and sits in front of the tin window. She yawns as she pokes the stick through the wind and scratches the area around Okja's wound. Mija begins to doze. She closes her eyes. 18.
47) 43) dialog: Ten years. K pauses the video - a freeze-frame of Lucy, a triumphant glint in her eye.
52) 12) dialog: (quietly) I know what they call me. They call me a psychopath.
52) 14) dialog: Do narcissists wear balaclavas?
52) 16) dialog: Daddy WAS a psychopath, Frank. That's not an unfair slur. "What did YOU do in the War, Daddy?" "I manufactured the napalm that made everyone's skin fall off!" And he calls ME an idiot loser?
52) 18) dialog: Yes? 58.
52) 20) dialog: At a highly respected Institute for the Advancement of Human Potential. Where many forward-thinking CEOs go. Lucy's anxiety level is rising. She's beginning to displa subtle OCD symptoms - repeating phrases and movements.
52) 21) dialog: And if you can't see the correlation between the advancement of my human potential and the fact we're currently on the cusp of the biggest product launch in the history of the food industry then I don't know what! You know how I spent my time at the Institute? VISUALIZING new and better ways of doing business! While SISTER was... what was the name of the lake that exploded?
52) 23) dialog: While my sister was dumping so much toxic waste into Moose Lake it EXPLODED... the only lake ever to explode, well done, Nancy... I was visualizing how to turn the most hated agrochemical company in America into the most likeable miracle pig rearing company. And it's WORKING! It's WORKING! It was WORKING until last night. Until last night the synthesis between New Mirando and Old Mirando was impeccable! Lucy holds both of her hands in the air.
52) 24) dialog: I took science... Lucy manipulates her left hand into a deformed claw. 59.
52) 25) dialog: And nature... Lucy waves her right hand softly, mimicking ocean waves o field of crops blowing gently in the wind.
52) 26) dialog: And I synthesized. She brings both hands together, mimicking a flower bloomi
52) 27) dialog: And EVERYONE loved it. Remember what the New York Times called our Super Pigs? "Intriguing." Slate: "Lucy Mirando is pulling off the impossible. She's making us fall in love with a creature that we're also excited about eating." These are journalists who never write about pigs! They never write about pigs! But they wrote about OUR pigs. Ten years of planning! We're on the cusp of launching a product that will feed MILLIONS! And what happens? We fall victim to terrorism. And somehow WE'RE the ones that come out looking bad?
52) 29) dialog: We don't? Rewind! A beat. Jennifer nervously presses rewind - knowing Lucy right about how bad they look. ON THE TV: Footage of the moment of Okja's recapture. Uniformed Mirando Employees drag Okja back to the Mirando truck. We see Mija crying and desperately trying to stop them.
52) 32) dialog: Pause. Jennifer does. ON THE TV: FREEZE-FRAME of the Uniformed Employees roughl pulling the poor, crying Mija away.
52) 33) dialog: And there it is! The image that's going to destroy us! Who are those idiots? Lucy points at the Uniformed Employees.
52) 34) dialog: Find out and fire them.
52) 36) dialog: Abusing that adorable girl in the uniforms I personally designed! What are we famous for? A silence, before it dawns on the Executives that Lucy is asking a rhetorical question.
52) 38) dialog: Holding indigenous farmers in high esteem! Who are we violently manhandling right there on TV?
52) 40) dialog: Is that the reason why she's crying?
52) 42) dialog: It's one of two reasons she's crying. What's the other reason?
52) 44) dialog: We are shoving her best friend into a truck! That's going to kill us. Right there. That image. We're dead. Unbeknownst to Lucy, Frank has his phone pressed to his e listening. He puts it down. Suddenly, he pushes his chair back with a loud SQUEAK. He casually saunters over to the coffee machine and makes himself a capsule coffee. The machine pisses out coffee with a loud, obnoxious WHIR.
52) 47) dialog: I was just about to say that!
52) 49) dialog: (cutting him off) A moving reunion! The Best Pig and the adorable farmer girl forced to part but reunited on our stage. 62.
52) 51) dialog: An emotional reunion, then the two of them leave the stage. Hand in hand. Hand in trotter! Frank watches Lucy become more and more excited. He is mo laid back than ever.
52) 52) dialog: She'll be the face of the Mirando Company! The living embodiment of the Mirando ideal. Young, pretty, eco-friendly, global! She's a godsend! Are you writing all this down?! Jennifer and the Executives write notes with fury. Suddenly Johnny stands up in a HUFF.
52) 54) dialog: (With unexpected venom) Sit down. Johnny lets out a GASP.
52) 56) dialog: To do WHAT?
52) 58) dialog: Go on then. Examine them. Are you examining them now? Have you finished examining them? Lucy stares at Johnny. He sits down - his humiliation complete. 63. Lucy resumes her conversation with Jennifer like nothing happened.
52) 59) dialog: Get her a first-class ticket and book her a hotel! She probably doesn't have a passport. Get her a passport! Don't try to force an image on her - like what Benetton did to those Asian girl models. Jennifer takes notes with impossible speed, her pen a mer blur.
52) 60) dialog: No! I've got a BETTER idea! Get her wearing a Mirando uniform. Let's reclaim the uniform after what those idiots did!
53) 0) text: Lucy's limp body is sprawled on the sofa. Her iPhone ring The words Nancy Mirando flash up on the screen.
53) 1) dialog: (Muttering) Oh fuck off. Lucy ignores it. But the phone keeps ringing. Finally Luc picks up.
53) 2) dialog: Hey Nance!
53) 4) dialog: I guess you saw the news. Don't worry. It's under control.
53) 6) dialog: (beat) Oh. Nothing. (beat) So, how's London? Do you ever get time to go to fun places like the London Eye and the London Dungeon? (MORE )
53) 8) dialog: I never have a free minute, but I figure running Mirando Global is more taxing than running Mirando UK. Oh! You should try Madam Tussauds! Have you been there yet?
53) 10) dialog: I heard such an interesting thing about Madam Tussauds. When the celebrities become has-beens they just melt down the heads and turn them into someone more fashionable. Saddam Hussain is Justin Timberlake now. Anyway. How ARE you?
53) 12) dialog: Yeah, it's exciting!
70) 0) text: A trailer parked behind the stage. Lucy sits in front of mirror surrounded by her Makeup Team. The door opens, and Frank enters with a large bouquet. Lu smiles at Frank through the mirror.
70) 2) dialog: Thank you, Frank. 85.
70) 4) dialog: 10 years, finally coming to fruition. Lucy picks up a Super Pig jerky sample.
70) 5) dialog: They're just delicious. Try one. Frank takes one from the table and eats it.
70) 7) dialog: They're beautiful. Your taste is impeccable as always.
70) 9) dialog: Oh? Frank hesitates. Lucy's face darkens. She stares at Frank Frank gives a look to the Makeup Team. They leave.
70) 10) dialog: They're from Nancy?
70) 12) dialog: In New York? Fuck, Frank!
70) 14) dialog: (Hissing) I told you to keep her away. She frightens people.
70) 16) dialog: She REALLY frightens people. She reminds everyone of dad. Lucy tries not to show it, but her panic level is rising fast.
70) 17) dialog: This is mine! My project!
70) 19) dialog: Support? Oh, yeah, right... Lucy quietly regards Frank's eyes. She is now beyond pani actually rather calm. The MARCHING BAND MUSIC, which had remained in the background so far, becomes loud as it arr in front of the trailer. The trailer thumps with the soun DRUMS.
73) 13) dialog: (Laughing, into the microphone) Oh Johnny! You're skating on thin ice! Don't fall through and drown!
74) 1) dialog: Don’t worry! I'm not here to bore you with some corporate speech. I'm here to introduce you to a real superstar! Maybe you've already seen this amazing little girl on You Tube enjoying a shopping trip in Seoul! The audience laughs.
74) 3) dialog: So let’s all welcome an extraordinary young girl! Acoustic indie music plays through the loudspeakers.
74) 4) dialog: A local farmer who raised her Super Pig in wild and beautiful nature with more love than I could have ever asked for. With a loud WHIR, the barrel-like lift containing Mija be to rise. Mija's nervous face peeks over the stage.
74) 5) dialog: The fearless pig rider from all the way across the globe! Please welcome, Miiii - Jaaaaaaa -! Mija turns bright red upon seeing the cheering crowd. She waves at them with an awkward smile. But she keeps her fo Mija's eyes suddenly widen. She sees Okja approaching the stage on a parade float.
74) 6) dialog: And here she is! Our ultimate Super Pig! Okjaaaa! 90. The crowd cheer as they turn around. Okja stands atop a parade float decorated with trees and flowers. She feeds the real grass covering the top of the float as it approa slowly. Mija cups her hands around her mouth and yells,
74) 8) dialog: Separated by a cruel twist of fate, Okja and Mija! Best friends forever, reunited by the Mirando Company! The Mirando Event Staff begin to penetrate the crowd in a single file. Once they've threaded through, they divide the crowd to m a path. It is almost like the parting of the Red Sea. The parade float enters the path and proceeds toward Mija. Jay stands among the crowd. He looks up at Mija and scans surroundings, on high alert.
76) 1) dialog: What the hell is going on?! Mija tries to calm Okja. Mija can sense that something horrific is being shown on screen behind her, but she never turns around - just as s was told by Jay. The crowd scream and shout in horror and anger at what they're seeing on the screen. The highlight is when the drunk and pathetic Dr. Johnny t Okja: 92.
76) 3) dialog: Turn it off! Johnny's brain whirs. What can he possibly do to rescue h reputation? He approaches the microphone.
78) 0) text: A loud BOOM. A mortar is fired from the nearby abandoned building. The handmade bomb flies across the air leaving wake of white baking powder. It hits the Super Pig balloo smack in the middle. People scream as the balloon POPS. When it does, fliers and print-outs that were hidden insi the balloon pour out onto the street. As soon as the mortar fires, Jay puts on his balaclava. T other A.L.F. members dispersed throughout the crowd do th same. Soon the plaza is covered by a sea of black heads. 93. They vastly outnumber the NYPD OFFICERS and Mirando Event Staff. Lucy begins to panic. The punctured balloon begins to shoot around wildly, and Silver pulls on the chord with all his strength to steer toward the crowd. Because of his gaunt frame, he is steer by the balloon instead, lifted up and sideways like a marionette on strings. Still he somehow manages to keep t balloon on course, and the fliers fall over the crowd lik snow on an open field. Provocative titles: "The Ugly Truth Behind the Mirando Su Pig Project!" "Mirando: Criminals. Abusers." The angry cr run over to pick up the printouts. As they do, we hear Blond's voice through the speakers.
83) 0) text: Lucy - in HIDING - watches the chaos unfold. Her shock ha subsided and she's rather calm. She takes out a cigarette looks for a lighter but can't find one. Nancy Mirando enters the FRAME with a lighter and lights Lucy's cigarette. We still only see Nancy from behind.
83) 1) dialog: You knew this would happen of course, Nancy. 97.
83) 3) dialog: Well. Good luck with cleaning up my mess. Lucy is acting calm, but she's bereft. Nancy squeezes Luc shoulder.
83) 4) dialog: For a while back then I forgot I was a fucking loser, Nance.
83) 8) dialog: (scoffs) Fuck off.