4) 0) text: A SMALL GIRL carefully climbs down the hill, a straw sack over her shoulder, her face a mix of street-smart stubbornness and innocence. She is MIJA. We hear BUSTLING behind her - and see a VERY LARGE and VE STRANGE-LOOKING ANIMAL unsteadily tiptoeing down the hill is a fully grown SUPER PIG - OKJA. Okja clumsily makes her way down the hill, looking terrif She steps on a thorny chestnut bur and immediately freeze She looks back and forth between Mija and her foot with a blank expression. She looks silly - the hugely oversized creature with her foot daintily raised. Mija immediately runs over and plucks the chestnut bur fr Okja's foot. Okja blows through her nostrils in relief, s wearing the same blank expression. She is awesome in size but slow, and doesn't appear very intelligent.
5) 0) text: From atop the hill, Mija looks down at a tree in the bott It teems with ripe orange persimmons.
5) 1) dialog: Go! On Mija's command, Okja enters frame and runs downhill towards the tree. But she trips over her feet and begins tumbling and tumbling until... 12. .-.-she hits the tree trunk. THUMP. The tree is nearly pu out of the ground. Ripe persimmons fall everywhere. Okja raises herself, unfazed by the impact. Mija scuttles down and gathers the persimmons in her straw sack. She pi up the largest one and throws it to Okja, who snaps up he chin and catches it like a dog catching a tennis ball. CLOSE ON Okja's silly, innocent face as she moves her humongous jaws, savoring the juicy persimmon.
6) 0) text: Mija peers into the water. She looks up and waves at Okja (O.S.) - indicating a part of the stream where the water deepest. Suddenly, Okja's colossal body fills the SCREEN as she fl across the air toward Mija. She splashes into the water, sending a mini-tsunami in all directions. Like when an obese person jumps into a small tub, copious amounts of water and FISH flow over the banks. The fish f around frantically. Mija quickly picks out the larger one puts them in the sack and throws the little ones back int the stream. Quick and efficient. A familiar routine. With her eyes and nostrils barely poking out of the water Okja takes a leisurely swim. Mija takes off her clothes a jumps in. They swim under the blissful autumn sunlight. A idyllic moment. It feels like time has stopped. Okja suddenly climbs onto a large rock. She shakes off th water like a dog and tightens, arching her body. Her larg ears point up in a peculiar fashion. Mija catches the 'signal'.
6) 1) dialog: No! Wait! Okja glances at her and freezes. Mija quickly swims upstr until - at a safe distance - she gives Okja the 'OK' sign with both hands. With that... Okja's epic pooping begins. It is similar to the pooping of hippopotamuses. Okja spin her short tail like a helicopter as she projects fecal ma in all directions. A spectacular scene, with countless pi of shit flying across a wide radius. The excrements fall the water and fish gather around the pieces to feed on th The ‘circle of life' in full effect. 13. Okja jumps back in the water and the fish gather around h bottom. They swim gracefully as a school, chasing after whatever is left behind by Okja. EXT. NEAR THE STREAM — DAY Okja is sprawled on a rock next to the stream, taking a n Mija sleeps on Okja's belly, moving up and down every tim Okja takes a breath. Whenever Okja shifts, Mija adjusts, somehow maintaining her position on the belly. We notice a small BLACK BOX the size of a cell phone atta to Okja's ear.
7) 0) text: Mija's grandfather, HEE BONG (70), carries firewood, gett ready to make dinner. The sun is falling fast. Hee Bong l toward the mountains with concern.
8) 0) text: Hee Bong's voice echoes through the mountains. Inside Mij straw sack, half-submerged in water, a fish peeks through chestnuts and persimmons, still breathing. Mija jolts awake. She looks around blankly before realizi she slept too long. She shakes Okja awake. Okja spreads o her humongous jaws and yawns.
8) 1) dialog: (to Okja) We're late for dinner. We'll take the short cut. Okja responds with a distinctive SQUEAL.
9) 0) text: The short-cut is narrow and borders a steep incline. Mija Okja hurry down it. Mija notices that the rope around Okj neck is hanging limply off her. She turns to re-tie it, suddenly SLIPS, and FALLS down the incline, the rope in h hand. She slides towards a SHEER DROP. 14. She grabs a nearby scrub, which holds her for a moment, t SNAPS in her hand. She continues sliding, the cliff edge approaching sharply... Okja looks blankly down. Then she suddenly steps on her e of the rope. Mija's plummet abruptly STOPS. She dangles precariously over the cliff - her life barely preserved b the tip of Okja's foot. Okja lowers her enormous snout toward the rope, trying to pull Mija back up with her mouth. But her mouth and tongu are large and unwieldy. Okja struggles until - in a sudde move - she twists her neck and successfully bites the rop But as she does, she loses balance and begins sliding dow the incline. Still desperately holding onto the rope, Mija immediately drops several feet in the air. Then she suddenly STOPS. She looks up and sees Okja peeking over her, having slid the way to the edge of the cliff. The rope is tightly stretched between them. Large drops of drool escape throu Okja's fiercely clenched teeth and fall onto Mija's body. With an emphatic umph, Okja steps backwards, the rope in mouth. She somehow manages a few strenuous steps. But the rock that had been anchoring her foot suddenly comes loos and she begins sliding again. Mija SCREAMS as she goes into a free fall. Okja shrieks t as she slides towards the SHEER DROP. Suddenly, Okja spots a large tree stump below. With the r clenched in her mouth, she twists and steers her body tow the stump. Right before reaching the edge, she coils hers and jumps over to the other side of the stump. Okja FALLS OFF THE CLIFF. But the rope hung over the stum forms a pulley mechanism. And so - as Okja dives headlong with the rope in her mouth - Mija is pulled up by Okja's weight. As Okja falls and Mija rises, they lock eyes at the midpo A fleeting moment of desperate, longing sadness. When Mija reaches the tree stump, Okja unclenches her jaw and lets go of the rope - PLUMMETING towards the woods be
9) 1) dialog: (Screaming)
9) 3) text: Okja plummets further, until she's swallowed up in the gr leaves. Mija's heart breaks as she watches Okja fall afte saving her life.
9) 4) dialog: 
10) 0) text: The forest is densely packed with trees. Mija desperately searches for Okja, but she is nowhere to be found.
10) 1) dialog: 
10) 3) dialog: Okja! Are you okay? Mija checks everywhere on Okja's body for injuries. As sh does, Okja slowly slinks to the ground and lies on her ba She lets out a MOAN and pretends to be hurt while she continues to chew on the grass. She holds up her rear foo and begs for attention, like a little child. Mija looks a her foot. She sees a fresh scar near Okja's hip, blood oozing from She picks out a ripe persimmon from her sack and peels it She takes the soft inner part and rubs it gently against Okja's wound. The soft, moist sensation soothes Okja and slowly closes her eyes. Her chewing slows as well.
10) 4) dialog: You like that? Okja MOANS in pleasure.
10) 5) dialog: You saved my life. Again. Okja SQUEALS in response. 16. It looks like they're really talking to each other. Mija holds up Okja's large, floppy ear and whispers something. can't hear what, but the soft whisper, combined with the afternoon sunlight, leaves us with an achingly beautiful feeling. Okja nods as if responding to whatever Mija said
11) 0) text: CLOSE ON a dinner table. Wild greens, potatoes, boiled eg pan-seared fish in the middle. It's the fish Mija caught the stream earlier. Hee Bong and Mija sit in the living r and chow on the dinner.
11) 2) dialog: To collect the money? For Okja?
11) 4) dialog: Right. So Okja is ours now. Hee Bong nods. Mija smiles.
11) 5) dialog: So why is Uncle Mundo coming? Paperwork? Without answering, Hee Bong turns away and switches on an ancient tube television. A soccer game is on.
11) 8) dialog: Great! Now we can buy a new TV! 17. Hee Bong goes over to the TV. He raises his hand to strik again when... BUZZ. The screen returns. It's as if the TV afraid of Hee Bong.
11) 10) dialog: (pouting) Such a tightwad... Behind Mija's disgruntled face, we see Okja poking her he out of the shed to drink water from the bucket. Hee Bong retrieves a half-drunk bottle of soju and opens it. He carefully pours the soju into the cap, and with trembling hands, lifts the tiny cap brimming with soju.
12) 0) text: It's silent except for the sound of insects. We see the picture frames on the wall. A story spanning t years. There's a Mirando Certificate with Hee Bong's picture pri on it. It reads in English: Congratulations farmer HEE BO Raise your Super Pig with love and care! Love, Lucy Miran There's 6-year-old Mija hugging her Super Piglet. There's 12-year-old Mija tightly hugging the fully grown Okja. Mija sleeps with a comic book open in front of her. A sou wakes her up. She looks toward a tiny window in the corne the room. The window opens directly to the shed where Okj kept. We see Okja's massive butt through the window. She keeps shifting her tail, bothered by the itching in the wounded area. The tail is too short and hardly reaches the wound. Mija picks up a back scratcher from the floor. She attach long bamboo stick to the end and sits in front of the tin window. She yawns as she pokes the stick through the wind and scratches the area around Okja's wound. Mija begins to doze. She closes her eyes. 18.
14) 0) text: Hee Bong stands at the faucet and pours water into a buck He turns off the faucet almost as soon as he turns it on. Still thinking he poured too much, he pours off a little the basin before handing the bucket to Mundo. Mundo gulps down the water, thoroughly covered in sweat. Mija washes Okja in the front yard. 19.
14) 3) dialog: (calling over) It's nice to see you, Uncle Mundo. Why are you here? Mundo steals a glimpse at Mija.
14) 6) dialog: (eyes wide) It's that guy! From TV! She runs excitedly to Hee Bong - leaving Okja at the the yard.
14) 7) dialog: (to Hee Bong) It's him, right? From Magical Animals!
14) 9) dialog: (To Hee Bong) He came to meet Okja even though she isn't in the competition any more! He must think Okja is that special! Mundo looks uneasy. 20. back of Johnny suddenly notices Mija. Then he is abruptly back to panting and bitching.
14) 23) dialog: (to Hee Bong) What's he saying?
14) 36) dialog: What's going on?
14) 43) dialog: What?
14) 45) dialog: Now? Why? I want to watch this.
15) 0) text: The sun shines on two burial mounds lying side by side in quiet woods. Hee Bong and Mija pluck weeds and dust off t tombstone.
15) 1) dialog: I can't remember their faces... Hee Bong looks at Mija with pity. He sighs.
15) 3) dialog: (cold) Not two. Three.
15) 5) dialog: What's that?
15) 8) dialog: Why are you giving me a gold pig? Hee Bong hands the gold pig to Mija. He points downhill w his chin.
15) 10) dialog: What? Mija stares blankly with the gold pig in her hands, still understanding.
15) 12) dialog: Okja?
15) 14) dialog: But Okja's ours. We bought her from them. You sent them the money!
15) 18) dialog: (disbelieving) No...
15) 20) dialog: America...?
16) 0) text: Mija runs out of the trees and arrives at the house to fi it completely empty. The dirt in the yard is wildly print with footprints. We can picture how Okja must have been dragged away. The hairs stand on Mija's body.
16) 1) dialog: 
16) 3) text: Mija shouts at the top of her lungs. Her voice echoes alo the massive ridges of the mountain but goes unanswered. M begins to run - with the urgency of a sprinter.
17) 0) text: Mija runs down the mountain with great speed and athletic having grown up roaming these hills. She runs her legs of through the trees, over the rocks, and through the air ac the stream. The branches scratch and scar Mija's face but continues running, gaining speed. But Okja and her escorts are nowhere to be seen.
18) 0) text: Mija stands at the point where the highway begins. She lo far ahead at a sedan and a large container truck - just d Mija breathes heavily, exhausted from her run. A tear for in her eye. The truck containing Okja rounds the bend and disappears to the other side of the mountain.
19) 0) text: CLOSE ON a large cauldron sitting on top of a fire hole, steam rising from it. Hee Bong opens the lid, and we see whole chicken inside the boiling water. Hee Bong adds cinnamon, ginger, and vetch to the pot. He hears someone entering and pokes his head out of the kitchen. He sees M crossing the yard limply, eyes swollen from crying and ch streaked with dirty tears. Mija stomps past Hee Bong and towards her room, scattering the chickens away.
20) 7) dialog: Seoul...
20) 9) dialog: I'm going to bring Okja home.
20) 15) dialog: (yelling) No! As Mija yells, the bank notes she was biting between her accidently fly away in the wind. Hee Bong instinctively throws himself toward the money. Mija uses the opportunity to run away, dashing into the d woods. Hee Bong belatedly realizes his mistake and runs after he but she is GONE. He breathes heavily as he stands in the black windy forest, the bank-notes clenched in his fist.
20) 17) dialog: Hee Bong's voice echoes throughout the woods. Instead of Mija's answer... A cacophony of CITY NOISES begin to crowd our ears.
21) 0) text: As the NOISE reaches a crescendo, we see a wide staircase filled with SUBWAY PASSENGERS transferring between lines. 31. Black heads filling the SCREEN move in a single direction One of the heads turns and looks around - Mija.
22) 0) text: Mija stares hopelessly at the large subway map on the wal The subway lines are intricately spun like spider webs. T resemble Mija's tangled hair and her utterly confused sta She somehow identifies her destination on the sprawling m and takes out a coin from her fanny pack, inserts it in t ticketing machine. The fanny pack is a promotional gift f Mirando. Mija makes note of the Mirando Korea address and phone number printed on the inside.
23) 0) text: A white, clean interior brightly lit by fluorescent light Mija stands up against the glass door and peers inside. W see an empty front desk with the Mirando logo and a potte tree that has the exact silhouette of the logo. The lobby is silent until... CLICK, CLICK. A skinny RECEPTIONIST clicks her high heels into the lobby and ret to her seat. Mija tries to make eye contact, but the Receptionist look down at her smartphone and doesn't look up. Mija - feelin invisible - KNOCKS on the glass. The Receptionist finally raises her head and sees Mija's appearance. She points to a guest phone attached to a sta in front of the entrance.
23) 4) dialog: Mun, Do, Park.
23) 6) dialog: Mun! Do!! Park -- !!!
23) 8) dialog: (yelling) Wait! The Receptionist disappears without answering. The front is empty again. Mija closes her eyes and takes a deep breath to calm hers She suddenly begins walking backwards. She spins the fann pack to her side and fully zips up her training suit. She stands at the opposite end of the long hallway, staring a the Mirando Korea entrance. Suddenly... She begins to run... She charges ahead with explosive speed. Upon nearing the entrance, she accelerates even more and throws herself in the glass door. THUMP! Mija's body collides with the door, and the entire glass wall vibrates from the tremendous impact. The door remains intact while Mija bounces off and tumble the floor. BEEP! BEEP! The security system is activated. The Receptionist hurries out to the lobby. She sees Mija on t floor, MOANING. 33.
24) 0) text: Mija runs frantically down a MAZE of LONG, EMPTY FLUORESC LIT CORRIDORS. It's creepy and corporate - the stuff of conspiracy theory nightmares.
24) 1) dialog: (yelling) Uncle Mundo! Okja! Mundo! The maze finally opens into a large, brightly lit office. She sees rows and rows of desks - BUT NOT ONE EMPLOYEE. She runs through the cubicles, looking around.
24) 2) dialog: (yelling) Uncle Mundo! Okja!
24) 3) text: A poster on the wall, advertising Mirando's Super Pig project. The copy 'Harvest For The World' accompanies a picture of hundreds of fully grown Super Pigs feeding on grassy acres of the Mirando corporate Ranch in Arizona. To Mija the sight is deeply unsettling. It's like seeing hundreds of Okjas. At that moment, we hear a SQUEAL. Is it the real Okja?! Mija runs toward the sound but is caught by an ELDERLY SECURITY GUARD. She throws him off, sending him into the ground. Now it's the RECEPTIONIST'S turn. She leaps at Mi but Mija evades her with great athleticism, jumping over desks and cubicles. 34. Mija runs into a conference room and locks the glass door
25) 0) text: Mija runs to the window.
27) 1) dialog: (banging on the window) Okja!l!! Okjal!! It's like the scene in The Graduate where Ben bangs on th window at the wedding - "Elaine! Elaine!" - except Mundo the Mirando Employees don't notice Mija. The glass is too thick and soundproofed. We can see she's yelling, but the can't hear a thing. Mija's eyes are alight with fury. The Security Guard and Receptionist are unlocking the door when Mija charges tow them and throws herself at the door, knocking them to the ground. 35. With fierce determination, Mija runs toward the elevator.
30) 0) text: Mija runs with wild desperation as the truck disappears i the distance. But it soon slows down to merge onto a larg road and Mija accelerates with all her might until she reaches a point where the road continues downhill but the sidewalk remains level with the buildings. She runs along the truck until... .+-she boldly jumps and - THUMP - lands on the roof of th trailer. 36.
31) 0) text: THUMP. Okja looks up at the sound. She SQUEALS and hikes her head. The Uniformed Employees also look up curiously. Okja can feel Mija's presence above her. She touches the ceiling with her face as she continues to SQUEAL.
32) 0) text: Mija balances herself on the moving trailer. Through the fluttering strands of her hair she sees an overpass approaching.
34) 0) text: Mija drops to her stomach. She lies flat and closes her e The truck blasts through.
36) 0) text: Mija sits up. She made it. Just.
38) 0) text: Wind batters Mija's face. She squints and looks ahead at overpass. Her muscles tense as she instinctively senses danger.
40) 0) text: Okja lets out a piercing SQUEAL - as if calling for Mija. The Uniformed Employees cover their ears.
41) 0) text: As Okja SQUEALS, Mija runs toward the back of the trailer The overpass is about to slam the back of her head when.. 38. .+-Mija jumps and hangs onto the rear door handle of the trailer. SPARKS fly as the trailer roof scrapes against the unders of the overpass. The horrible sound of metal scratching against concrete, Mundo's scream, and Mija's shouting overwhelm our ears at once. Dangling from the handle, Mija BANGS on the rear door of trailer. INT. TRAILER, MIRANDO TRUCK —- CONTINUOUS The Uniformed Employees stand up to investigate the bangi when they get caught between Okja's massive body and the trailer wall. They scream in pain as Okja twists her giga body towards Mija. Mija and Okja cry for each other.
42) 0) text: The point where the underpass joins the open road. Okja r at full speed with Mija on her back while the black semi chases them, quickly closing the gap. The Uniformed Emplo belatedly join the chase carrying tranquilizer guns. Mund holds onto his head as he tags along.
43) 1) dialog: Sorry... Get out of the way!! The Suit, the Jacket, and a few of the black assailants follow Okja into the underground. The Pedestrians panic e more at the sight of threatening men in ski masks. The Uniformed Employees follow in with tranquilizer guns, add to the pandemonium.
44) 0) text: SHOPPERS and SHOP OWNERS scream in horror. Shoes, makeup, clothes and mannequins are blasted into the air as Okja b past. A PART-TIME STUDENT dressed as a PINK PIG distributes fly in front of a newly opened snack bar decorated with color balloons. Dance music blares in the background. 43. He sees the enormous pig hurtling toward him. He begins running for his life - the huge pig face still over his h As he runs, he desperately fishes for an angle with his smartphone - trying to film a video of Okja and himself. As Okja makes a sudden turn, her foot gets caught in a clothing rack jutting out of the corner. She falls on top glass plates displayed before the adjacent store. A loud CRASH. Mija is thrown off Okja's back, landing head first the floor. The Jacket breaks from his group and rushes to Mija's sid propping her up. Mija looks dazed from the impact.
44) 2) dialog: Who are you guys?
46) 0) text: Instead of answering, the Jacket lifts his t-shirt and sh Mija a TATTOO - a balaclava-wearing, angel-winged Animal Liberation Front member embracing a lamb in his arms. Mija stares blankly at the tattoo as POLICEMEN come runni from the opposite end of the passage with tear gas guns drawn. The group - along with Okja and Mija - stand and run. The police give chase. The Jacket sees a passage that leads to a garage. He dire the other members towards it and shouts into the phone.
47) 0) text: The group bolt out of the door just as the black semi spe toward them from the opposite side. The back doors of the trailer are already open and Mija j in first. She gives a sign to Okja, who climbs in with gr difficulty. The A.L.F. members push Okja's behind with th combined strength. Again, ONE seems frailer than the othe Once Okja is inside, the Assailants climb aboard. The Police finally arrive and haphazardly fire their tear guns, but to no avail. The black semi speeds away, the ba doors still swinging open, the policemen running pathetic after them. Suddenly a man squeezes through the group of Policemen an leaps to the front with tremendous speed. It is none othe than MUNDO, with the UNIFORMED MIRANDO EMPLOYEES running behind him. Mundo chases the semi with fierce determination. The A.L. members watch with mild curiosity. Okja suddenly bends her body and perks up her ears as she turns to Mija. Mija stares in disbelief.
47) 1) dialog: Now? Mija sighs. 45.
47) 2) dialog: Well, I guess you've been holding it in for a long time. Mija gives Okja the sign. Okja begins pooping. The scale is beyond epic. Her tail spins like a propeller as she unleashes a verita ‘shit storm.' Mundo has nearly closed the gap when he's BOMBARDED with countless pieces of shit. Two A.L.F. members look on as Mundo cries in horror.
47) 5) dialog: (Whispering) I'll never leave you again.
47) 7) dialog: I’m taking you back to the mountains.
47) 15) dialog: I'm Mija. And this is Okja.
47) 28) dialog: Since I was four. At this the group let out a low sigh.
47) 30) dialog: To America. The Best Super Pig Fest.
47) 34) dialog: No, Okja was born on a ranch in Arizona. Her mother was born in Chile. On a beautiful farm.
47) 38) dialog: Backdrop?
47) 59) dialog: You want to send Okja to America? To this laboratory?
47) 66) dialog: I'm going back to the mountain with Okja. She says it just like that - bluntly and squarely. In Kor it sounds even more blunt and square. K tries to hide his surprise, speechless. Jay and the other members eagerly a his translation. K takes a deep breath before saying...
49) 0) text: Motivated by Silver, Blond and Red dive off after him. Ja the last one to put his cell phone in K's Ziplock bag. He turns to Mija.
54) 0) text: Mija crouches inside the police station. A few REPORTERS surround her, shoving their microphones into her face.
54) 17) dialog: Forget commercials. Get her on the phone right now!
54) 19) dialog: I need to talk to Okja. I need to find out how she is. Choi stares blankly.
58) 0) text: The MONTAGE MUSIC continues. Mija wears a passport/ticket pouch over her neck, the one given to unaccompanied minors. Hee Bong takes out the gol pig from his pocket.
58) 2) dialog: Where’s Okja now? Why won't you let me talk to her?
58) 4) dialog: (to Mundo - through her forced smile) You want me to be nice in New York? Get me Okja on the phone. 70.
60) 0) text: Mija sleeps, her body awkwardly folded in her first-class seat. A FEMALE CABIN ATTENDANT stops to pull up her blark She removes the “Smile: Beginner's Conversation English" from her hand and puts it in the seat-back pocket. Mija sweats from a nightmare. Her eyes twitch under the lids.
63) 12) dialog: Okja!!! The previously lifeless Okja opens her eyes and leaps to feet upon hearing Mija's voice.
63) 15) dialog: Okja - ! Are you okay? We see the JFK terminal growing farther in the rear windo Mija practically screams into the phone. Jennifer and the Mirando employees cover their ears.
63) 17) dialog: What? I can't hear you!!
64) 0) text: Johnny SLAMS off the speakerphone. Okja cries, saying something to Mija. When the sound abruptly stops, she beg to shift back and forth nervously. Okja's desperate dance enrages Johnny, and he SMASHES the speakerphone on the fl Okja freezes. Johnny wobbles over with the biopsy gun in hand and a semi-translucent iPad in the other. Open on th iPad is an app developed by Mirando for intra-company use When Johnny takes a picture of Okja using the app, 3-D contours appear over the picture along with the names of parts. 78. He aims the gun on Okja's back. He pretends to stick the needle in her skin.
67) 6) dialog: Get lost. I’m keeping this on. Mija's outburst startles Jennifer and the staff. A white employee, the TRANSLATOR, tries to calm Mija in imperfect Korean.
67) 10) dialog: No! I want to see Okja first.
67) 13) dialog: (cold) I don't care. I need to see Okja. Right now. Or I won't cooperate with the event. Mija is unrelenting. A fatigue comes over Jennifer as she listens to the Translator. She turns cold.
68) 0) text: As soon as she closes the sliding door, the voices recede into the background, and a vast loneliness overcomes her. Dust particles glow in the beam of light falling through curtains. She SIGHS as she looks at the strangely designed uniform. glimpses something behind it - a SHADOW lurking in the corner. Mija GASPS. The Shadow soon reveals himself to be Room Service Worker from earlier... and the Room Service Worker is subsequently revealed to be JAY!
68) 4) dialog: (mouthing) What?
74) 7) dialog: Okja! Mija waves her arms wildly, but Okja doesn't look up. She merely continues to chomp on the grass.
74) 9) dialog: Okja, it's me! (sobs ) I came for you! Jennifer stands below the stage eagerly awaiting the dram reunion.
74) 12) dialog: Okja... What's wrong? Okja shakes her head from side to side like she has a tic Mija lifts up Okja's drooped eyelid.
74) 13) dialog: 
74) 16) dialog: What did you do to my Okja..? BUZZ. Piercing static noise as the LED multi-screen loses picture. The clips of local farmers in vast, unadulterate nature disappear from the screen. Jay picks up his cell p as he stands amidst the confused crowd.
80) 0) text: Unfolding before us is the biggest A.L.F. demonstration i history. They have completely taken over the plaza. Jay j on the stage, necktie heroically flapping in the air. He lifts his balaclava slightly and shows Mija his face.
82) 0) text: Big A.L.F. members jump at Okja to subdue her, but they'r instantly thrown off by her violent thrashing. Mija sprints toward the wild and unruly Okja. She leaps o Okja's face and tries to hug her, but Okja bites on her a Mija lets out a horrible SCREAM. Jay and the A.L.F. membe don't know what to do as they watch the red-eyed Okja cla down on Mija's blood-dripping arm. Jay picks up a microph stand. He is about to stab Okja in the mouth when...
82) 1) dialog: No! Mija stops Jay with her other arm. She looks up at Okja, biting down the bone-crushing pain. Okja's eyes are still red, lost. She growls as she shakes her head from side to side, nearly tearing off Mija's arm. In spite of the horr pain, Mija puts on a peaceful face. She smiles and begins caressing Okja's face with her free hand. 95.
82) 2) dialog: Okja... Okja lets out a weak growl.
82) 3) dialog: It's okay... Okja's violent motions slowly subside. The crowd watches closely.
82) 4) dialog: Trees... The trees...
82) 6) dialog: Clouds... The blue sky... Mija whispers as she caresses Okja's face. She has comple forgotten about the pain, her face more peaceful than eve Okja's breathing becomes more even. The violent activity in the plaza becomes a meaningless b to Mija and Okja as they gaze at each other. The police fighting the A.L.F., the angry crowd screaming at Johnny Lucy - we barely notice it now. The red subsides from Okj eyes. Her face returns to the gentle, innocent Okja we kn She belatedly comes to and frets over what she has done. licks the blood off Mija's arm. JAY'S POV: Behind the crowd, we see a black semi-trailer truck rushing toward the plaza. At Jay's signal, the A.L. crew begin moving in organized fashion. They fight off po and crowd members and create a path for the semi to appro Mija and Okja.
84) 0) text: Nancy's terse, chilling orders continue in VOICE-OVER as see Okja, Mija, Jay and the A.L.F. members running throug the alley. We only hear Nancy and Frank's voices. 99.
85) 0) text: Jay lays the barely conscious Mija in the passenger seat. He's exhausted and covered in blood. The driver takes off balaclava. It's K!
85) 14) dialog: Yes. K turns his head slightly. He translates in a rigid, form tone, sitting upright and tightly gripping the steering wheel.
85) 15) dialog: Where are we going? Jay and K look at each other. They hesitate.
85) 17) dialog: Really?
85) 22) dialog: Do what? The truck pulls an abrupt turn. Even amidst the shaking a the clouds of dirt from the road Jay maintains his calm g
85) 24) dialog: (Annoyed by Jay's oblique comments ) My help with WHAT? K abruptly stops the truck. Jay and Mija and K climb/tumb out into... ...a vast feedyard.
86) 1) dialog: Okja! Mija, Jay and K split up and run in DIFFERENT DIRECTIONS through the field shouting Okja's name - small dots in th vast field filled with countless Super Pigs, all with the same face. Soon they are far away from each other.
86) 6) dialog: (mumbling to herself) Okja... The pig at the top of the line turns toward Mija, crying desperately.
86) 7) dialog: It's Okja! Mija quickly looks for Jay and K, but they're too far awa There's no time. She has to do this alone. Mija runs as fast as she can toward the slaughterhouse. O sees her and cries harder, but she is shoved further down line into the slaughterhouse. K sees Okja and calls after Jay, who turns and begins run toward Okja with K. A WORKER at the entrance gives Okja's bottom a jolt with taser. Quick and efficient, an everyday routine. Okja sta walking again. She enters the slaughterhouse.
86) 8) dialog: No!! Don't go inside!! Mija's voice is overwhelmed by the machinery noise coming from the slaughterhouse. She sees an employee's entrance metres from the door Okja walked into. She hurries toward it. 105.
87) 0) text: Mija enters the 'factory of death'. The structure is labyrinthine, and she has no idea where to go. She's cons by shock and fear. The humidity, the revolting smell, the deafening noise, the slick, blood-covered floor. A trauma sight for a girl who grew up in the mountains. Various slabs of meat hanging from metal hooks move stead along the aerial conveyor system. Instinctively, she runs the opposite direction of the movement. WORKERS wearing large noise-blocking earmuffs stand along conveyor system and go about their jobs. They look at Mij with some curiosity, but return to their work. They're un to leave the ever-moving production line. Mija finally arrives at the stun box - aka the execution She sees a Super Pig being forced into the box. Its head firmly fitted into a hole in the front. A YOUNG HISPANIC WORKER aims a large bolt gun at its forehead and prepares shoot when he sees Mija running toward him. He briefly hesitates but soon returns his attention to his task. CLOSE on Mija’s face. We hear a BANG. The worker has evidently pulled the trigger. Mija is too horrified to ev scream. Mija freezes after witnessing the execution in all its gruesome reality. The next Super Pig is led into the stun box. It's Okja.
87) 1) dialog: (a trembling voice) Okja... Mija goes blank, completely petrified. She looks straight Okja, whose head is being threaded through the 'hole of death.'
87) 2) dialog: It's okay... Okja seems to know that death is imminent. She desperatel tries to free her head. She looks up at Mija with tear-fi eyes.
87) 3) dialog: Because... Mija's voice trembles. The Hispanic Worker looks at Mija he reloads the bolt gun. He doesn't know who the hell thi girl is or why she's here. He just carries on with his wo 106.
87) 4) dialog: Even this man... With his eyes still on Mija, the Hispanic Worker aims the bolt gun at Okja's forehead. Okja closes her eyes when sh feels the cold barrel of the bolt gun on her forehead. Te fall. Mija looks into the Worker's eyes.
87) 5) dialog: -.-he doesn't want to do this. Mija raises her hand at the worker. 'Hold on.' She reache into her back pocket with her other hand. For some reason the Hispanic Worker is compelled to hold back from pullin the trigger. He looks into Mija's eyes. Mija removes a PHOTOGRAPH from her back pocket. She shows to the Worker. It's one of the photos from Mija's room. 1 year-old Mija tightly hugging Okja. The Hispanic Worker squints at the photo, his bolt gun still trained on Okja' forehead. The production line becomes backed up, and the ALARM begi to sound. Red lights flash throughout the slaughterhouse. CLOSE ON the Hispanic Worker's ambiguous expression. He points at the photo Mija is holding - ‘that pig...' - then points at Okja - '...is this pig?' Mija nods quietly. The Hispanic Worker freezes. The finge around the trigger trembles lightly. Just then Jay and K arrive, out of breath. They stop next Mija. Okja stays absolutely still with her mouth fiercely clamped and eyes closed. Suddenly... A loud metallic CREAK. The large stun box leans to the side. We see the Hispanic Worker holding down the button. Okja, still alive, slides onto the conveyor belt below. Mija's legs give in and she falls on her knees. She embra Okja's head. Her arms continue to shake. The Hispanic Worker looks down at them with a heavy heart But he soon breaks out of his lull and returns to work li nothing happened. He brings in the next pig. The ALARM an the red lights stop - the production line being back to normal. 107. Mija sobs as she watches the continued death march. K hur over and helps Mija onto her feet. Jay leads the group to the exit. As they round the corner...
87) 13) dialog: I wanna go home, with Okja. Mija says each word slowly and clearly. 108.
87) 15) dialog: Why you want to kill Okja?
87) 29) dialog: Wait! Mija's voice booms throughout the slaughterhouse. She zip open her ridiculous fanny pack and reaches inside. She ta out the shiny gold pig that Hee Bong gave her. Mija holds up the gold pig.
87) 30) dialog: I wanna buy Okja! Alive! Nancy looks at the gold pig, amused. The little girl is impressive. Mija pushes the gold pig toward Nancy. It gli across the slick, blood-covered floor and stops at Nancy' foot. Frank takes out his handkerchief and wipes the bloo off as he picks it up. Nancy picks up the gold pig and studies it carefully. She gives it a quick bite with her front teeth. A strange, grotesque expression appears on her face. She winces at t lingering smell of blood before quietly gazing at Mija.
88) 0) text: Two Black Chalk Mercenaries lead Mija and Okja across the expansive feed-yard. Mija looks back and sees the line of pigs marching into the slaughterhouse. The death march lo even sadder under the beautiful light of the moon. Mija's heart is heavy as she leaves the rest of the pigs behind. The pigs inside the fence watch Okja enviously as she lea Two Super Pigs walk along the fence and begin following O Mija and Okja look at them curiously, soon noticing somet between the two adult pigs - a small PIGLET, their baby. The mother pig pushes the baby through the fence with her snout. The piglet is small enough to fit through the wire but it kicks and squirms and refuses to separate from its parents. The mother stubbornly shoves it through the fenc Mija realizes what the mother is trying to do. She quickl herds the piglet under Okja’s belly and looks at the two Black Chalk Mercenaries walking ahead. They are too immer in their conversation to notice. The baby pig keeps looking back as it treads along under cover of Okja’s belly. Its mother and father poke their h over the fence and let out a heartfelt SQUEAL - a goodbye As they do, other super pigs notice the BABY ESCAPEE and begin SQUEALING as well. Their cries spread, until ALL th super pigs in the feedyard have joined in - a CACOPHONY o SORROW, but also of DEFIANCE and CELEBRATION. The Black Chalks look around dumbfounded. As they do the cries reach a crescendo, and one of the pigs begins POOPI 111. And then THOUSANDS do. Thousands of super pigs shoot poop of their behinds like fireworks - a bizarre and miraculou act of rebellion. A celebration of life. Mija continues walking, a brave smile, her eyes moist. Okja carefully traipses along, minding the piglet underne like her own.
89) 0) text: CLOSE ON Mija's face as she sleeps. Fragments of light fa through the leaves and flicker on her face. Mija opens he eyes at the sound of BIRDS CHIRPING. She looks down at he belly where the piglet has fallen asleep with her face do Mija gently runs her hand over the piglet's body. Mija, i turn, is lying on top of the sleeping Okja. A tower of bodies: Okja - Mija - the piglet. A gentle breeze blows from the woods. The piglet shifts i her sleep and falls off Mija onto the grass. She looks around, dazed, before finding a place underneath Okja's e and returning to sleep. The woods, the sun, the breeze. Peace is all around. With her eyes closed, Okja flaps her ears and creates a gentle breeze for the piglet. Lying on Okja's back, Mija looks up at the trees and the blue sky.
90) 0) text: Hee Bong sets up an early dinner on the table outside. He walks back and forth between the kitchen and the front ya carrying vegetables and boiled eggs and other side dishes the table. Chickens leisurely roam the yard. Hee Bong sme the boiled potato in his hands as he brings it to the tab 112. Okja and Mija enter the frame and pass the yard toward th shed. Okja suddenly stops and looks into the camera. She stares for a while before she is dragged into the shed by Mija. The piglet comes in late. She runs around the yard kickin dust and scaring the chickens. Hee Bong walks out into th dusty yard with two bowls of rice and utensils.
90) 2) dialog: I'm here! Hee Bong sits at the table. He shouts toward the shed.
90) 4) dialog: Coming! Hee Bong waits. He picks up the green soju bottle next to table and peers into it. A tiny bit is left on the bottom Hee Bong can't hold his hunger any longer. As he picks up spoon and digs into the rice...