13) 0) text: MUNDO PARK (39) hikes up along the stream, covered in swe Dressed in a suit and tie, he carries a bag that bears th ‘Mirando Korea' logo. He stops for breath, and looks down mountain behind him. He takes out his phone. The signal i poor, and he holds up his phone at various angles before finally getting a bar and dialing.
13) 2) dialog: (Into the phone) Where are you? What's taking you so long?
13) 4) dialog: (Surprised) Dr. Johnny? But he's so much fun on Tv!
13) 6) dialog: Water?
14) 0) text: Hee Bong stands at the faucet and pours water into a buck He turns off the faucet almost as soon as he turns it on. Still thinking he poured too much, he pours off a little the basin before handing the bucket to Mundo. Mundo gulps down the water, thoroughly covered in sweat. Mija washes Okja in the front yard. 19.
14) 2) dialog: They're coming.
14) 4) dialog: (silently mouthing) You didn't tell her? Hee Bong looks away without answering. Mundo looks frustrated. He walks over to Okja. Mija claps and gives a sign to Okja, who obediently sits on the ground. Mundo removes the small black box on Okja's ear and unlocks the waterproof casing. He opens it to reveal various computer chips and SD card slots. He removes the SD cards and plugs them into his laptop. Numbers and graphs showing data about Okja's health aboun the screen: "Blood Pressure," "Temperature," "Heart Rate. The clean, design-conscious interface of the "Mirando Sup Pig Health/Growth Management" software. Mija looks over Mundo's shoulder, lustily eyeing his bran new Macbook when... We suddenly hear someone SHOUT in English.
25) 1) text: A PARKING LOT, invisible to the outside world. Mundo and UNIFORMED MIRANDO EMPLOYEES are dragging a chained and ro Okja towards a large trailer. The Mirando uniforms are surprisingly BRIGHT and COLORFUL VIBRANT looking. Okja is desperately resisting - but to no avail.
26) 1) dialog: (yelling at them) Hey, put your selfie sticks away! This is classified! Those are direct orders from HQ in America! The Employees reluctantly lower their selfie sticks.
26) 2) dialog: I don't want to see any of those on Instagram.
28) 0) text: As the Uniformed Employees struggle to tie the violently resisting Okja in place, Mundo puts his face against Okja and raises a selfie stick. He makes his best cute face as takes a picture.
29) 0) text: Mundo climbs in the passenger seat.
29) 1) dialog: (To the driver) Let's go. The driver is KIM (24). The truck begins to move with a h roar. Mundo scans Kim up and down, suspicious. Slight fra baby face, distracted eyes. Something about him is just ...off.
29) 2) dialog: You've got a commercial driver's licence, right?
29) 4) dialog: A licence to drive a heavy goods vehicle. A Class A truck? Kim smiles blankly without answering. He steers the truck roughly out of the parking lot and into the outside world As he does, we see Mija bolting out of the main entrance.
33) 0) text: Mundo sees the overpass. It seems very low. He looks over Kim, who drives, still looking blank.
33) 1) dialog: What's the height of this truck? Kim gives Mundo a listless, nonchalant look.
37) 0) text: Kim continues to floor the gas pedal with a blank face. Mundo looks ahead and sees another overpass quickly approaching. This time the sign reads 3.9 meters.
37) 1) dialog: (Yelling) The height! Can. You. Remember? Kim slowly shakes his head and indicates his foggy memory
39) 0) text: Mundo is too paralyzed to speak. Kim floors the pedal wit that dead expression on his face. The 3.9 meter overpass approaches fast.
41) 0) text: As Okja SQUEALS, Mija runs toward the back of the trailer The overpass is about to slam the back of her head when.. 38. .+-Mija jumps and hangs onto the rear door handle of the trailer. SPARKS fly as the trailer roof scrapes against the unders of the overpass. The horrible sound of metal scratching against concrete, Mundo's scream, and Mija's shouting overwhelm our ears at once. Dangling from the handle, Mija BANGS on the rear door of trailer. INT. TRAILER, MIRANDO TRUCK —- CONTINUOUS The Uniformed Employees stand up to investigate the bangi when they get caught between Okja's massive body and the trailer wall. They scream in pain as Okja twists her giga body towards Mija. Mija and Okja cry for each other.
41) 2) dialog: What was that noise? But Kim is preoccupied by something different - something VERY STRANGE occurring 0O.S. His eyes widen.
41) 3) dialog: (Beat) What? Mundo follows Kim's startled stare to the side of the tru
41) 4) dialog: (yelling)
41) 7) dialog: What?
41) 9) dialog: (to Kim) What the hell are they saying?
41) 11) dialog: What the... But Kim finds the whole situation amusing.
41) 12) dialog: Are you smiling?
41) 14) dialog: (To Kim) Follow them!
41) 16) dialog: What did you say?
41) 18) dialog: You want a workplace injury compensation package? Mundo starts RUNNING in the direction of Okja.
41) 19) dialog: (Over his shoulder to Kim) Then you'd better start showing some LOYALTY to this COMPANY! And
41) 22) text: As Mundo proudly yells this he loses his footing and SLAM into a PARKED CAR - knocking himself UNCONSCIOUS.
42) 1) dialog: (to the Uniformed Employees ) Hurry your asses up! Whoever gets them first, I'll recommend for a permanent contract! With full welfare benefits! No bullshit! The Uniformed Employees consider this, and look at each o awkwardly. But only momentarily as they start running at speed. We see police cars approaching from across the intersecti with sirens blaring. Mija quickly changes direction and r Okja toward an underground passage.
47) 0) text: The group bolt out of the door just as the black semi spe toward them from the opposite side. The back doors of the trailer are already open and Mija j in first. She gives a sign to Okja, who climbs in with gr difficulty. The A.L.F. members push Okja's behind with th combined strength. Again, ONE seems frailer than the othe Once Okja is inside, the Assailants climb aboard. The Police finally arrive and haphazardly fire their tear guns, but to no avail. The black semi speeds away, the ba doors still swinging open, the policemen running pathetic after them. Suddenly a man squeezes through the group of Policemen an leaps to the front with tremendous speed. It is none othe than MUNDO, with the UNIFORMED MIRANDO EMPLOYEES running behind him. Mundo chases the semi with fierce determination. The A.L. members watch with mild curiosity. Okja suddenly bends her body and perks up her ears as she turns to Mija. Mija stares in disbelief.
54) 11) dialog: Mi -Ja-! Mundo is walking into the station. Choi - the Mirando Kor translator from the mountain - follows him with a flower basket. Wearing a radiant smile, Mundo walks past bewilde faces and hands the flower basket to Mija. It is lavishly decorated with Mirando company colors.
54) 14) dialog: How many times do I have to tell you? HQ is paying for everything. The main office in America.
54) 16) dialog: That's what you're worried about? They are inviting her out to America. She'll be doing Mirando commercials pretty soon. Having finished her ramen, Mija walks out toward Hee Bong Mundo. She hurls the Mirando flower basket at Mundo's fee 67.
54) 18) dialog: (startled) Phone? Who?
58) 3) dialog: (forced smile) We'll call her soon! Let's take a picture first. A shoddy event obviously organized at the last minute. ‘Congratulations - Winner of the Best Super Pig World Competition. Joo Mija Send-Off Ceremony.' The Mirando Kor BRANCH PRESIDENT and the DIRECTOR of the National Livesto Cooperative have already taken their places under the ban Mundo shoves Mija between them. Mija forces a toothy smil cameras FLASH.