4) 0) text: A SMALL GIRL carefully climbs down the hill, a straw sack over her shoulder, her face a mix of street-smart stubbornness and innocence. She is MIJA. We hear BUSTLING behind her - and see a VERY LARGE and VE STRANGE-LOOKING ANIMAL unsteadily tiptoeing down the hill is a fully grown SUPER PIG - OKJA. Okja clumsily makes her way down the hill, looking terrif She steps on a thorny chestnut bur and immediately freeze She looks back and forth between Mija and her foot with a blank expression. She looks silly - the hugely oversized creature with her foot daintily raised. Mija immediately runs over and plucks the chestnut bur fr Okja's foot. Okja blows through her nostrils in relief, s wearing the same blank expression. She is awesome in size but slow, and doesn't appear very intelligent.
6) 0) text: Mija peers into the water. She looks up and waves at Okja (O.S.) - indicating a part of the stream where the water deepest. Suddenly, Okja's colossal body fills the SCREEN as she fl across the air toward Mija. She splashes into the water, sending a mini-tsunami in all directions. Like when an obese person jumps into a small tub, copious amounts of water and FISH flow over the banks. The fish f around frantically. Mija quickly picks out the larger one puts them in the sack and throws the little ones back int the stream. Quick and efficient. A familiar routine. With her eyes and nostrils barely poking out of the water Okja takes a leisurely swim. Mija takes off her clothes a jumps in. They swim under the blissful autumn sunlight. A idyllic moment. It feels like time has stopped. Okja suddenly climbs onto a large rock. She shakes off th water like a dog and tightens, arching her body. Her larg ears point up in a peculiar fashion. Mija catches the 'signal'.
8) 0) text: Hee Bong's voice echoes through the mountains. Inside Mij straw sack, half-submerged in water, a fish peeks through chestnuts and persimmons, still breathing. Mija jolts awake. She looks around blankly before realizi she slept too long. She shakes Okja awake. Okja spreads o her humongous jaws and yawns.
9) 0) text: The short-cut is narrow and borders a steep incline. Mija Okja hurry down it. Mija notices that the rope around Okj neck is hanging limply off her. She turns to re-tie it, suddenly SLIPS, and FALLS down the incline, the rope in h hand. She slides towards a SHEER DROP. 14. She grabs a nearby scrub, which holds her for a moment, t SNAPS in her hand. She continues sliding, the cliff edge approaching sharply... Okja looks blankly down. Then she suddenly steps on her e of the rope. Mija's plummet abruptly STOPS. She dangles precariously over the cliff - her life barely preserved b the tip of Okja's foot. Okja lowers her enormous snout toward the rope, trying to pull Mija back up with her mouth. But her mouth and tongu are large and unwieldy. Okja struggles until - in a sudde move - she twists her neck and successfully bites the rop But as she does, she loses balance and begins sliding dow the incline. Still desperately holding onto the rope, Mija immediately drops several feet in the air. Then she suddenly STOPS. She looks up and sees Okja peeking over her, having slid the way to the edge of the cliff. The rope is tightly stretched between them. Large drops of drool escape throu Okja's fiercely clenched teeth and fall onto Mija's body. With an emphatic umph, Okja steps backwards, the rope in mouth. She somehow manages a few strenuous steps. But the rock that had been anchoring her foot suddenly comes loos and she begins sliding again. Mija SCREAMS as she goes into a free fall. Okja shrieks t as she slides towards the SHEER DROP. Suddenly, Okja spots a large tree stump below. With the r clenched in her mouth, she twists and steers her body tow the stump. Right before reaching the edge, she coils hers and jumps over to the other side of the stump. Okja FALLS OFF THE CLIFF. But the rope hung over the stum forms a pulley mechanism. And so - as Okja dives headlong with the rope in her mouth - Mija is pulled up by Okja's weight. As Okja falls and Mija rises, they lock eyes at the midpo A fleeting moment of desperate, longing sadness. When Mija reaches the tree stump, Okja unclenches her jaw and lets go of the rope - PLUMMETING towards the woods be
9) 2) dialog: 
9) 3) text: Okja plummets further, until she's swallowed up in the gr leaves. Mija's heart breaks as she watches Okja fall afte saving her life.
9) 5) dialog: There is no answer from below.
10) 0) text: The forest is densely packed with trees. Mija desperately searches for Okja, but she is nowhere to be found.
10) 2) dialog: The echo dies out, and the forest is once again silent. W only hear the BUZZING of insects and the CHIRPING of bird until... ...we hear a huge FART from somewhere in the woods. Mija quickly turns toward the sound. She sees Okja through the trees - casually chomping on grass, completely unaffected the fall. Mija runs over with a huge smile, happily swing the straw sack on her shoulder.
12) 0) text: It's silent except for the sound of insects. We see the picture frames on the wall. A story spanning t years. There's a Mirando Certificate with Hee Bong's picture pri on it. It reads in English: Congratulations farmer HEE BO Raise your Super Pig with love and care! Love, Lucy Miran There's 6-year-old Mija hugging her Super Piglet. There's 12-year-old Mija tightly hugging the fully grown Okja. Mija sleeps with a comic book open in front of her. A sou wakes her up. She looks toward a tiny window in the corne the room. The window opens directly to the shed where Okj kept. We see Okja's massive butt through the window. She keeps shifting her tail, bothered by the itching in the wounded area. The tail is too short and hardly reaches the wound. Mija picks up a back scratcher from the floor. She attach long bamboo stick to the end and sits in front of the tin window. She yawns as she pokes the stick through the wind and scratches the area around Okja's wound. Mija begins to doze. She closes her eyes. 18.
14) 0) text: Hee Bong stands at the faucet and pours water into a buck He turns off the faucet almost as soon as he turns it on. Still thinking he poured too much, he pours off a little the basin before handing the bucket to Mundo. Mundo gulps down the water, thoroughly covered in sweat. Mija washes Okja in the front yard. 19.
16) 0) text: Mija runs out of the trees and arrives at the house to fi it completely empty. The dirt in the yard is wildly print with footprints. We can picture how Okja must have been dragged away. The hairs stand on Mija's body.
16) 2) dialog: 
17) 0) text: Mija runs down the mountain with great speed and athletic having grown up roaming these hills. She runs her legs of through the trees, over the rocks, and through the air ac the stream. The branches scratch and scar Mija's face but continues running, gaining speed. But Okja and her escorts are nowhere to be seen.
18) 0) text: Mija stands at the point where the highway begins. She lo far ahead at a sedan and a large container truck - just d Mija breathes heavily, exhausted from her run. A tear for in her eye. The truck containing Okja rounds the bend and disappears to the other side of the mountain.
24) 3) text: A poster on the wall, advertising Mirando's Super Pig project. The copy 'Harvest For The World' accompanies a picture of hundreds of fully grown Super Pigs feeding on grassy acres of the Mirando corporate Ranch in Arizona. To Mija the sight is deeply unsettling. It's like seeing hundreds of Okjas. At that moment, we hear a SQUEAL. Is it the real Okja?! Mija runs toward the sound but is caught by an ELDERLY SECURITY GUARD. She throws him off, sending him into the ground. Now it's the RECEPTIONIST'S turn. She leaps at Mi but Mija evades her with great athleticism, jumping over desks and cubicles. 34. Mija runs into a conference room and locks the glass door
25) 1) text: A PARKING LOT, invisible to the outside world. Mundo and UNIFORMED MIRANDO EMPLOYEES are dragging a chained and ro Okja towards a large trailer. The Mirando uniforms are surprisingly BRIGHT and COLORFUL VIBRANT looking. Okja is desperately resisting - but to no avail.
26) 0) text: The OFFICE EMPLOYEES have vacated their desks to form a gallery in the parking lot. They're all busy taking selfi with Okja in the background.
28) 0) text: As the Uniformed Employees struggle to tie the violently resisting Okja in place, Mundo puts his face against Okja and raises a selfie stick. He makes his best cute face as takes a picture.
31) 0) text: THUMP. Okja looks up at the sound. She SQUEALS and hikes her head. The Uniformed Employees also look up curiously. Okja can feel Mija's presence above her. She touches the ceiling with her face as she continues to SQUEAL.
40) 0) text: Okja lets out a piercing SQUEAL - as if calling for Mija. The Uniformed Employees cover their ears.
41) 0) text: As Okja SQUEALS, Mija runs toward the back of the trailer The overpass is about to slam the back of her head when.. 38. .+-Mija jumps and hangs onto the rear door handle of the trailer. SPARKS fly as the trailer roof scrapes against the unders of the overpass. The horrible sound of metal scratching against concrete, Mundo's scream, and Mija's shouting overwhelm our ears at once. Dangling from the handle, Mija BANGS on the rear door of trailer. INT. TRAILER, MIRANDO TRUCK —- CONTINUOUS The Uniformed Employees stand up to investigate the bangi when they get caught between Okja's massive body and the trailer wall. They scream in pain as Okja twists her giga body towards Mija. Mija and Okja cry for each other.
42) 0) text: The point where the underpass joins the open road. Okja r at full speed with Mija on her back while the black semi chases them, quickly closing the gap. The Uniformed Emplo belatedly join the chase carrying tranquilizer guns. Mund holds onto his head as he tags along.
43) 0) text: Okja enters the passage and stumbles down the concrete st She’s never climbed stairs before and is anxious about it PEDESTRIANS scream and scatter at the sight of the giant
44) 0) text: SHOPPERS and SHOP OWNERS scream in horror. Shoes, makeup, clothes and mannequins are blasted into the air as Okja b past. A PART-TIME STUDENT dressed as a PINK PIG distributes fly in front of a newly opened snack bar decorated with color balloons. Dance music blares in the background. 43. He sees the enormous pig hurtling toward him. He begins running for his life - the huge pig face still over his h As he runs, he desperately fishes for an angle with his smartphone - trying to film a video of Okja and himself. As Okja makes a sudden turn, her foot gets caught in a clothing rack jutting out of the corner. She falls on top glass plates displayed before the adjacent store. A loud CRASH. Mija is thrown off Okja's back, landing head first the floor. The Jacket breaks from his group and rushes to Mija's sid propping her up. Mija looks dazed from the impact.
46) 0) text: Instead of answering, the Jacket lifts his t-shirt and sh Mija a TATTOO - a balaclava-wearing, angel-winged Animal Liberation Front member embracing a lamb in his arms. Mija stares blankly at the tattoo as POLICEMEN come runni from the opposite end of the passage with tear gas guns drawn. The group - along with Okja and Mija - stand and run. The police give chase. The Jacket sees a passage that leads to a garage. He dire the other members towards it and shouts into the phone.
47) 0) text: The group bolt out of the door just as the black semi spe toward them from the opposite side. The back doors of the trailer are already open and Mija j in first. She gives a sign to Okja, who climbs in with gr difficulty. The A.L.F. members push Okja's behind with th combined strength. Again, ONE seems frailer than the othe Once Okja is inside, the Assailants climb aboard. The Police finally arrive and haphazardly fire their tear guns, but to no avail. The black semi speeds away, the ba doors still swinging open, the policemen running pathetic after them. Suddenly a man squeezes through the group of Policemen an leaps to the front with tremendous speed. It is none othe than MUNDO, with the UNIFORMED MIRANDO EMPLOYEES running behind him. Mundo chases the semi with fierce determination. The A.L. members watch with mild curiosity. Okja suddenly bends her body and perks up her ears as she turns to Mija. Mija stares in disbelief.
56) 0) text: As the MONTAGE MUSIC continues, we see large CARGO being unloaded from the back of the plane. We follow one of the containers - a large metal cage. We see Okja crouched ins MIRANDO HQ EMPLOYEES and PRIVATE SECURITY CONTRACTORS swa the cage as soon as it hits the tarmac.
56) 1) text: Okja sits inside the cage with a sullen expression. She nervously blinks her eyes. 68. OKJA'S POV: Through a small opening on the side, she sees unfamiliar scenery of New York passing by. The fake black box/video transmission device is also pointed outside.
59) 0) text: The MONTAGE MUSIC continues. CLOSE on a screen: We see an amateur You Tube VIDEO of Mi riding Okja in the Seoul supermarket. It’s had 126 millio views. A team of young MIRANDO MARKETING EMPLOYEES sit in front their computers and eagerly watch their boss, Jennifer.
61) 0) text: Okja's POV: We see small cages lined on either side of th hallway, each containing tiny Super Piglets: A piglet wit hideously large tumor, one with red, veiny eyes and neck- twitching tic symptoms, one dragging its deformed hind legs... Victims of genetic experimentation. They SQUEAL loudly wh they see Okja. Okja also lets out a heart-wrenching SQUEA if commiserating with the piglets in the cages. The seasoned MIRANDO LABORATORY WORKERS move Okja toward steel door, pulling on her leash and poking her from behi with stun batons. The Worker in the front opens the door reveal an immaculate white room. Inside the room is none other than Dr. Johnny Wiseman! He greets Okja enthusiastically, dressed in a white gown.
62) 0) text: Heavy silence. The faces of the A.L.F. members are lit by ghostly light of the computer screen. 73. They are seeing Okja's POV, but because one side of the ‘White Room' is covered entirely by a mirror, they see everything Okja is going through. Johnny and the Lab Workers drag Okja toward Alfonso, who increasingly excited at the sight of her. Okja's fearful SCREAM pierces the computer speakers.
63) 0) text: CLOSE ON a green soju bottle. Johnny picks it up and gulp down. Alfonso isn't in the room anymore. Okja is sprawled the floor, lifeless. A dreadful silence. The heavily inebriated Johnny takes the remainder of the soju and wal over to Okja. He crouches before her.
63) 13) dialog: Eeeeeeeeeehhhhhhhhhhh! !!
63) 16) dialog: Eeeeeeeeeeeeeehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh! !!
64) 0) text: Johnny SLAMS off the speakerphone. Okja cries, saying something to Mija. When the sound abruptly stops, she beg to shift back and forth nervously. Okja's desperate dance enrages Johnny, and he SMASHES the speakerphone on the fl Okja freezes. Johnny wobbles over with the biopsy gun in hand and a semi-translucent iPad in the other. Open on th iPad is an app developed by Mirando for intra-company use When Johnny takes a picture of Okja using the app, 3-D contours appear over the picture along with the names of parts. 78. He aims the gun on Okja's back. He pretends to stick the needle in her skin.
69) 0) text: Jay casually saunters out of the hotel alley and walks ou onto the large street. He changes into his suit as he wal and joins the Super Pig Festival parade happening in the street. Among the dozens of people holding the lines of the giant Okja balloon is SILVER, disguised as one of the Uniformed Employees. He exchanges secret glances with Jay, who walk along the sidewalk. Silver gives Jay a knowing look as he points up at the balloon, and Jay looks up as well. Mirando EVENT WORKERS distribute samples - Super Pig jerk and Super Sausages - practically showering the crowd with them. People eat them up enthusiastically. 84. Some of the Employees holding the chords of the balloon a dig into the samples, giddy at seeing the brand new produ Silver becomes nauseated by the mere sight. A Mirando Employee marching next to him hands him a Super Sausage sample. Finding himself with the most vile junk f made from GM Super Pigs in his hand, Silver turns white l a sheet. Conscious of all the Mirando eyes around, he pretends to eagerly munch on the sausage, but he cannot g past the stench of meat and nearly retches. A SKINNY MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN sees this and looks down at a sample fallen on the ground. As she crouches to pick it u we glimpse an A.L.F. tattoo below her slightly raised shi A HIGH SCHOOL STUDENT sees the tattoo as he's walking by quickly checks the surroundings. He seems worried that someone might see the tattoo. As he turns, he bumps into twenty-something WOMAN walking past. A black balaclava dr from his jacket. The High School Student turns pale upon seeing the dropped balaclava.
74) 15) text: The crowd hold their breath. Silence spreads throughout t plaza. CLOSE ON Okja's eyes. They resemble shark eyes. No focus, soul. Both eyes are completely saturated blood-red.
76) 0) text: BUZZ. The secretly filmed footage of the Mirando laborato appears on the screen. We see horrendously deformed GMO piglets screaming in pain, fear. Okja suddenly SQUEALS an spasms uncontrollably.
82) 0) text: Big A.L.F. members jump at Okja to subdue her, but they'r instantly thrown off by her violent thrashing. Mija sprints toward the wild and unruly Okja. She leaps o Okja's face and tries to hug her, but Okja bites on her a Mija lets out a horrible SCREAM. Jay and the A.L.F. membe don't know what to do as they watch the red-eyed Okja cla down on Mija's blood-dripping arm. Jay picks up a microph stand. He is about to stab Okja in the mouth when...
82) 5) text: We see Manhattan skyscrapers piercing the sky. No trees. blue sky behind Okja's face, however, is the same blue sk saw back in the mountains.
84) 0) text: Nancy's terse, chilling orders continue in VOICE-OVER as see Okja, Mija, Jay and the A.L.F. members running throug the alley. We only hear Nancy and Frank's voices. 99.
87) 0) text: Mija enters the 'factory of death'. The structure is labyrinthine, and she has no idea where to go. She's cons by shock and fear. The humidity, the revolting smell, the deafening noise, the slick, blood-covered floor. A trauma sight for a girl who grew up in the mountains. Various slabs of meat hanging from metal hooks move stead along the aerial conveyor system. Instinctively, she runs the opposite direction of the movement. WORKERS wearing large noise-blocking earmuffs stand along conveyor system and go about their jobs. They look at Mij with some curiosity, but return to their work. They're un to leave the ever-moving production line. Mija finally arrives at the stun box - aka the execution She sees a Super Pig being forced into the box. Its head firmly fitted into a hole in the front. A YOUNG HISPANIC WORKER aims a large bolt gun at its forehead and prepares shoot when he sees Mija running toward him. He briefly hesitates but soon returns his attention to his task. CLOSE on Mija’s face. We hear a BANG. The worker has evidently pulled the trigger. Mija is too horrified to ev scream. Mija freezes after witnessing the execution in all its gruesome reality. The next Super Pig is led into the stun box. It's Okja.
88) 0) text: Two Black Chalk Mercenaries lead Mija and Okja across the expansive feed-yard. Mija looks back and sees the line of pigs marching into the slaughterhouse. The death march lo even sadder under the beautiful light of the moon. Mija's heart is heavy as she leaves the rest of the pigs behind. The pigs inside the fence watch Okja enviously as she lea Two Super Pigs walk along the fence and begin following O Mija and Okja look at them curiously, soon noticing somet between the two adult pigs - a small PIGLET, their baby. The mother pig pushes the baby through the fence with her snout. The piglet is small enough to fit through the wire but it kicks and squirms and refuses to separate from its parents. The mother stubbornly shoves it through the fenc Mija realizes what the mother is trying to do. She quickl herds the piglet under Okja’s belly and looks at the two Black Chalk Mercenaries walking ahead. They are too immer in their conversation to notice. The baby pig keeps looking back as it treads along under cover of Okja’s belly. Its mother and father poke their h over the fence and let out a heartfelt SQUEAL - a goodbye As they do, other super pigs notice the BABY ESCAPEE and begin SQUEALING as well. Their cries spread, until ALL th super pigs in the feedyard have joined in - a CACOPHONY o SORROW, but also of DEFIANCE and CELEBRATION. The Black Chalks look around dumbfounded. As they do the cries reach a crescendo, and one of the pigs begins POOPI 111. And then THOUSANDS do. Thousands of super pigs shoot poop of their behinds like fireworks - a bizarre and miraculou act of rebellion. A celebration of life. Mija continues walking, a brave smile, her eyes moist. Okja carefully traipses along, minding the piglet underne like her own.
89) 0) text: CLOSE ON Mija's face as she sleeps. Fragments of light fa through the leaves and flicker on her face. Mija opens he eyes at the sound of BIRDS CHIRPING. She looks down at he belly where the piglet has fallen asleep with her face do Mija gently runs her hand over the piglet's body. Mija, i turn, is lying on top of the sleeping Okja. A tower of bodies: Okja - Mija - the piglet. A gentle breeze blows from the woods. The piglet shifts i her sleep and falls off Mija onto the grass. She looks around, dazed, before finding a place underneath Okja's e and returning to sleep. The woods, the sun, the breeze. Peace is all around. With her eyes closed, Okja flaps her ears and creates a gentle breeze for the piglet. Lying on Okja's back, Mija looks up at the trees and the blue sky.
90) 0) text: Hee Bong sets up an early dinner on the table outside. He walks back and forth between the kitchen and the front ya carrying vegetables and boiled eggs and other side dishes the table. Chickens leisurely roam the yard. Hee Bong sme the boiled potato in his hands as he brings it to the tab 112. Okja and Mija enter the frame and pass the yard toward th shed. Okja suddenly stops and looks into the camera. She stares for a while before she is dragged into the shed by Mija. The piglet comes in late. She runs around the yard kickin dust and scaring the chickens. Hee Bong walks out into th dusty yard with two bowls of rice and utensils.