23) 0) text: A white, clean interior brightly lit by fluorescent light Mija stands up against the glass door and peers inside. W see an empty front desk with the Mirando logo and a potte tree that has the exact silhouette of the logo. The lobby is silent until... CLICK, CLICK. A skinny RECEPTIONIST clicks her high heels into the lobby and ret to her seat. Mija tries to make eye contact, but the Receptionist look down at her smartphone and doesn't look up. Mija - feelin invisible - KNOCKS on the glass. The Receptionist finally raises her head and sees Mija's appearance. She points to a guest phone attached to a sta in front of the entrance.
23) 1) dialog: (mouthing the words) Use the phone... Suppressing her anger, Mija picks up the receiver and pre the 'call' button. We hear upbeat music as the automated voice speaks in Korean/English.
23) 9) dialog: (startled) Oh my God! Are you okay? Looking down at the fallen Mija, the Receptionist presses button of the automatic door. The moment she does, a spid web begins to spread on the glass, and soon the huge glas door begins to come down in a cascade of shards. The Receptionist SCREAMS as tiny, sharp particles pour on the floor. Mija immediately leaps up and charges into the office, bumping into the Receptionist on the way. The Receptionist grabs onto the tree that looks exactly like Mirando logo as she tumbles onto the floor. Dirt pours ou the pot, revealing the bizarre-looking root of the tree. realize it was a plastic tree all along.
24) 3) text: A poster on the wall, advertising Mirando's Super Pig project. The copy 'Harvest For The World' accompanies a picture of hundreds of fully grown Super Pigs feeding on grassy acres of the Mirando corporate Ranch in Arizona. To Mija the sight is deeply unsettling. It's like seeing hundreds of Okjas. At that moment, we hear a SQUEAL. Is it the real Okja?! Mija runs toward the sound but is caught by an ELDERLY SECURITY GUARD. She throws him off, sending him into the ground. Now it's the RECEPTIONIST'S turn. She leaps at Mi but Mija evades her with great athleticism, jumping over desks and cubicles. 34. Mija runs into a conference room and locks the glass door