1) 5) text: Why couldn't this miracle have happened forty years ago when I was looking for a wife! I could have married a supermodel!" Well, I'm sorry Senor Villacorta. It turns out we don't choose when we get to save humanity. Lucy makes a peculiar hand gesture. The words "Saving Humanity" appear on the screen in hundreds of languages, various styles of calligraphy.
11) 0) text: CLOSE ON a dinner table. Wild greens, potatoes, boiled eg pan-seared fish in the middle. It's the fish Mija caught the stream earlier. Hee Bong and Mija sit in the living r and chow on the dinner.
12) 0) text: It's silent except for the sound of insects. We see the picture frames on the wall. A story spanning t years. There's a Mirando Certificate with Hee Bong's picture pri on it. It reads in English: Congratulations farmer HEE BO Raise your Super Pig with love and care! Love, Lucy Miran There's 6-year-old Mija hugging her Super Piglet. There's 12-year-old Mija tightly hugging the fully grown Okja. Mija sleeps with a comic book open in front of her. A sou wakes her up. She looks toward a tiny window in the corne the room. The window opens directly to the shed where Okj kept. We see Okja's massive butt through the window. She keeps shifting her tail, bothered by the itching in the wounded area. The tail is too short and hardly reaches the wound. Mija picks up a back scratcher from the floor. She attach long bamboo stick to the end and sits in front of the tin window. She yawns as she pokes the stick through the wind and scratches the area around Okja's wound. Mija begins to doze. She closes her eyes. 18.
13) 0) text: MUNDO PARK (39) hikes up along the stream, covered in swe Dressed in a suit and tie, he carries a bag that bears th ‘Mirando Korea' logo. He stops for breath, and looks down mountain behind him. He takes out his phone. The signal i poor, and he holds up his phone at various angles before finally getting a bar and dialing.
14) 0) text: Hee Bong stands at the faucet and pours water into a buck He turns off the faucet almost as soon as he turns it on. Still thinking he poured too much, he pours off a little the basin before handing the bucket to Mundo. Mundo gulps down the water, thoroughly covered in sweat. Mija washes Okja in the front yard. 19.
16) 3) text: Mija shouts at the top of her lungs. Her voice echoes alo the massive ridges of the mountain but goes unanswered. M begins to run - with the urgency of a sprinter.
24) 3) text: A poster on the wall, advertising Mirando's Super Pig project. The copy 'Harvest For The World' accompanies a picture of hundreds of fully grown Super Pigs feeding on grassy acres of the Mirando corporate Ranch in Arizona. To Mija the sight is deeply unsettling. It's like seeing hundreds of Okjas. At that moment, we hear a SQUEAL. Is it the real Okja?! Mija runs toward the sound but is caught by an ELDERLY SECURITY GUARD. She throws him off, sending him into the ground. Now it's the RECEPTIONIST'S turn. She leaps at Mi but Mija evades her with great athleticism, jumping over desks and cubicles. 34. Mija runs into a conference room and locks the glass door
47) 45) dialog: And those were the ten years you spent with Okja. Mija stares blankly, her face crowded with conflicting emotions.
47) 51) dialog: We have to abort just because some man from the 1970s wrote a fucking ‘credo'?
49) 0) text: Motivated by Silver, Blond and Red dive off after him. Ja the last one to put his cell phone in K's Ziplock bag. He turns to Mija.
56) 4) dialog: (driving) Hey, pretty good resolution. Can't wait to see inside the laboratory!
61) 0) text: Okja's POV: We see small cages lined on either side of th hallway, each containing tiny Super Piglets: A piglet wit hideously large tumor, one with red, veiny eyes and neck- twitching tic symptoms, one dragging its deformed hind legs... Victims of genetic experimentation. They SQUEAL loudly wh they see Okja. Okja also lets out a heart-wrenching SQUEA if commiserating with the piglets in the cages. The seasoned MIRANDO LABORATORY WORKERS move Okja toward steel door, pulling on her leash and poking her from behi with stun batons. The Worker in the front opens the door reveal an immaculate white room. Inside the room is none other than Dr. Johnny Wiseman! He greets Okja enthusiastically, dressed in a white gown.
62) 0) text: Heavy silence. The faces of the A.L.F. members are lit by ghostly light of the computer screen. 73. They are seeing Okja's POV, but because one side of the ‘White Room' is covered entirely by a mirror, they see everything Okja is going through. Johnny and the Lab Workers drag Okja toward Alfonso, who increasingly excited at the sight of her. Okja's fearful SCREAM pierces the computer speakers.
62) 2) dialog: (Sobbing) We should never have sent her there.
62) 4) dialog: We knowingly sent her into that chamber of horrors...
62) 6) dialog: We suspected. Come on. We all suspected. Okja's SCREAM and Red's sobbing become blended in a sorro harmony. The male members sit in uncomfortable silence. K looks especially distraught. Jay quietly approaches Red a puts a hand on her shoulder.
62) 14) dialog: You little piece of shit! I knew something was up in that truck!
72) 0) text: Red sits cross-legged on the floor, constructing some wei MECHANICAL DEVICE. She stands and looks out of the window RED'S POV: A little distance off, Johnny is on stage, amp up the crowd. The Super Pig balloon hovers above the stag Johnny's voice booms throughout the plaza.
74) 15) text: The crowd hold their breath. Silence spreads throughout t plaza. CLOSE ON Okja's eyes. They resemble shark eyes. No focus, soul. Both eyes are completely saturated blood-red.
77) 0) text: Red casually smokes a cigarette as watches the plaza belo descend into further pandemonium. She takes the cigarette carefully brings it to the fuse on top of the DIY bazooka She watches the CRACKLING fuse slowly disappear.
78) 0) text: A loud BOOM. A mortar is fired from the nearby abandoned building. The handmade bomb flies across the air leaving wake of white baking powder. It hits the Super Pig balloo smack in the middle. People scream as the balloon POPS. When it does, fliers and print-outs that were hidden insi the balloon pour out onto the street. As soon as the mortar fires, Jay puts on his balaclava. T other A.L.F. members dispersed throughout the crowd do th same. Soon the plaza is covered by a sea of black heads. 93. They vastly outnumber the NYPD OFFICERS and Mirando Event Staff. Lucy begins to panic. The punctured balloon begins to shoot around wildly, and Silver pulls on the chord with all his strength to steer toward the crowd. Because of his gaunt frame, he is steer by the balloon instead, lifted up and sideways like a marionette on strings. Still he somehow manages to keep t balloon on course, and the fliers fall over the crowd lik snow on an open field. Provocative titles: "The Ugly Truth Behind the Mirando Su Pig Project!" "Mirando: Criminals. Abusers." The angry cr run over to pick up the printouts. As they do, we hear Blond's voice through the speakers.
82) 0) text: Big A.L.F. members jump at Okja to subdue her, but they'r instantly thrown off by her violent thrashing. Mija sprints toward the wild and unruly Okja. She leaps o Okja's face and tries to hug her, but Okja bites on her a Mija lets out a horrible SCREAM. Jay and the A.L.F. membe don't know what to do as they watch the red-eyed Okja cla down on Mija's blood-dripping arm. Jay picks up a microph stand. He is about to stab Okja in the mouth when...
85) 0) text: Jay lays the barely conscious Mija in the passenger seat. He's exhausted and covered in blood. The driver takes off balaclava. It's K!
87) 0) text: Mija enters the 'factory of death'. The structure is labyrinthine, and she has no idea where to go. She's cons by shock and fear. The humidity, the revolting smell, the deafening noise, the slick, blood-covered floor. A trauma sight for a girl who grew up in the mountains. Various slabs of meat hanging from metal hooks move stead along the aerial conveyor system. Instinctively, she runs the opposite direction of the movement. WORKERS wearing large noise-blocking earmuffs stand along conveyor system and go about their jobs. They look at Mij with some curiosity, but return to their work. They're un to leave the ever-moving production line. Mija finally arrives at the stun box - aka the execution She sees a Super Pig being forced into the box. Its head firmly fitted into a hole in the front. A YOUNG HISPANIC WORKER aims a large bolt gun at its forehead and prepares shoot when he sees Mija running toward him. He briefly hesitates but soon returns his attention to his task. CLOSE on Mija’s face. We hear a BANG. The worker has evidently pulled the trigger. Mija is too horrified to ev scream. Mija freezes after witnessing the execution in all its gruesome reality. The next Super Pig is led into the stun box. It's Okja.
92) 0) text: The bus speeds through city streets. Jay's face fills the foreground. He looks back at the seats behind him to see. Red, Blond, Silver scattered around the bus. They each gr him with a knowing glance or a slight hand gesture. Silve looks healthy, rejuvenated. K enters the FRAME and sits next to Jay.