47) 23) dialog: (weakly) All food production is exploitative.
47) 25) dialog: Ripened with ethylene gas. Transported in trucks. 48.
47) 39) dialog: They make everything seem cosy. But it's not cosy. It's never cosy.
47) 53) dialog: (coughing violently) WE make a movement strong. Jay looks around coolly at his riled up colleagues. He doesn't have to raise his voice. His quiet charisma insta subdues everyone. The trailer, once again silent.
48) 0) text: The sun has nearly set. The black semi races through the riverside road. We see police cars and Mirando security c chasing after it with SIRENS blaring. The semi steers toward the railing, so close that we plai see the dark river below. While other A.L.F. members hesi nervously, Silver limps to the door and fearlessly jumps the truck.
48) 1) dialog: Aaaaah - !!
49) 0) text: Motivated by Silver, Blond and Red dive off after him. Ja the last one to put his cell phone in K's Ziplock bag. He turns to Mija.
60) 9) dialog: Oh my God.
62) 1) dialog: Can you turn down the volume, please? K lowers the volume, his face filled with dread.
69) 0) text: Jay casually saunters out of the hotel alley and walks ou onto the large street. He changes into his suit as he wal and joins the Super Pig Festival parade happening in the street. Among the dozens of people holding the lines of the giant Okja balloon is SILVER, disguised as one of the Uniformed Employees. He exchanges secret glances with Jay, who walk along the sidewalk. Silver gives Jay a knowing look as he points up at the balloon, and Jay looks up as well. Mirando EVENT WORKERS distribute samples - Super Pig jerk and Super Sausages - practically showering the crowd with them. People eat them up enthusiastically. 84. Some of the Employees holding the chords of the balloon a dig into the samples, giddy at seeing the brand new produ Silver becomes nauseated by the mere sight. A Mirando Employee marching next to him hands him a Super Sausage sample. Finding himself with the most vile junk f made from GM Super Pigs in his hand, Silver turns white l a sheet. Conscious of all the Mirando eyes around, he pretends to eagerly munch on the sausage, but he cannot g past the stench of meat and nearly retches. A SKINNY MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN sees this and looks down at a sample fallen on the ground. As she crouches to pick it u we glimpse an A.L.F. tattoo below her slightly raised shi A HIGH SCHOOL STUDENT sees the tattoo as he's walking by quickly checks the surroundings. He seems worried that someone might see the tattoo. As he turns, he bumps into twenty-something WOMAN walking past. A black balaclava dr from his jacket. The High School Student turns pale upon seeing the dropped balaclava.
78) 0) text: A loud BOOM. A mortar is fired from the nearby abandoned building. The handmade bomb flies across the air leaving wake of white baking powder. It hits the Super Pig balloo smack in the middle. People scream as the balloon POPS. When it does, fliers and print-outs that were hidden insi the balloon pour out onto the street. As soon as the mortar fires, Jay puts on his balaclava. T other A.L.F. members dispersed throughout the crowd do th same. Soon the plaza is covered by a sea of black heads. 93. They vastly outnumber the NYPD OFFICERS and Mirando Event Staff. Lucy begins to panic. The punctured balloon begins to shoot around wildly, and Silver pulls on the chord with all his strength to steer toward the crowd. Because of his gaunt frame, he is steer by the balloon instead, lifted up and sideways like a marionette on strings. Still he somehow manages to keep t balloon on course, and the fliers fall over the crowd lik snow on an open field. Provocative titles: "The Ugly Truth Behind the Mirando Su Pig Project!" "Mirando: Criminals. Abusers." The angry cr run over to pick up the printouts. As they do, we hear Blond's voice through the speakers.
92) 0) text: The bus speeds through city streets. Jay's face fills the foreground. He looks back at the seats behind him to see. Red, Blond, Silver scattered around the bus. They each gr him with a knowing glance or a slight hand gesture. Silve looks healthy, rejuvenated. K enters the FRAME and sits next to Jay.