1) 1) dialog: (over answering machine; sweet, British, slightly desperate)
1) 2) text: Joe, it's Lucy.  Remember me?  It's the black sheep here.  Bah...not funny. Haven't heard from you, need you, call me.  Love you madly.  Hi, Sally.  Joe, I'd love to talk to you before I go...
1) 4) dialog: (over answering machine)
2) 7) text: It's yours. The CAMERA glances off photos of the couple: portraits an candids, their wedding day, with friends, on vacation, tumbling on the lawn, and the like. Some framed and hung, some taped to the fridge or simply leaning on a shelf.  It's clear that at least a handful a by the same photographer, black and whites, grainy and beautiful. There are lots of photos of Joe and his sister Lucy, documenting their relationship from childhood.  There's a ANNIE LEIBOWITZ photo-shoot of Sally carelessly displayed somewhere.
16) 8) text: I saw Lucy when I was in London, she seems okay.  It's hard to tell with her. JOE
16) 10) text: In Cheyene Walk?  Lucy's going to have a meltdown.  Oh, I'm so sorry. JOE
26) 18) text: Have I ever told you how Lucy and I nearly squashed each other getting into the dumb waiter. GINA/JEFFREY/SALLY
26) 25) text: You know how he gets.  Well, he went absolutely bonkers.  Lucy and I were frantically trying to scramble into the dumb waiter and I didn't fit any more. It was almost fatal.  And that, my dear friends, is the day... SALLY/JEFFREY
46) 25) text: You want to talk about bullshit?  Lucy called you three times this week.  She's a fucking mess, Joe.  Your sister is a fucking mess.  She needs you.  I talk to her more than you do. JOE
46) 28) text: Every novel I've had published in every language I've dedicated to Lucy. SALLY
50) 4) text: I love you so much.  Lucy's a fighter, she'll make it.  Whether she wants to or not.  Harry.  I'm so sorry.  I will. (writes down the number)
50) 5) text: Yes I will.  Take care, Harry.  Bye. She puts down the phone.  Stares into Joe's face, looks u a photo on the wall that she took of Joe and Lucy.
55) 4) text: Lucy overdosed. JOE (a long moment)
57) 0) text: Joe listens to the answering machine message Lucy left th morning.  He plays it again and again. HE fast forwards to his father's voice.  Presses the STOP button.  Sits there, stunned. JOE (dials phone, a moment)
73) 9) text: Life gets messy.  Ugly messy.  But I don't understand you.  And I don't think I ever understood Lucy.  I don't understand throwing it away.  How do you throw all that away?  Any of it.  I want it all.  You guys want guarantees?  I want the possibilities.  And all kinds of crap comes with that.  A lot of bad shit. And I think that's okay with me because, because of the rest of the stuff.  All the good shit.  All the surprises.  It's a fucking miracle when you come down to it. (a moment)