0) 5) text: I’ve got a lucky face. THE VALET stares, authority challenged, flummoxed, as JIM, with a glance back, goes up the steep stairs under flaring torches. In the undergrowth we see (and JIM sees) that a FOR SALE has been toppled over, and badly hidden. After following JIM briefly through the gardens, over the brick paths, and past big SECURITY MEN (multi-ethnic), on whom nods as JIM appears, we go to JIM'S POV to enter the house, to move through the packed rooms. There is a girl inside with a GUEST LIST. She know him, makes a mark. The rooms, done up around the edges as a temporary bottle service gambling club, are full of serious gamblers. Agai mostly Asian, but with some serious casuals, a few hip- hoppers. It’s a catered affair. The same sort of casually employed actors and models and students that move around drinks and food on trays at any party in Hollywood. JIM moves through the rooms, noting... TABLE AFTER TABLE, all of them in heavy play, by very hea gamblers. Through a door, apart, we see a POKER GAME going on, heav hitters. JIM moves on, observing everything, ready for anything, looking for what he needs, the game he needs. A STUDENT-WAITRESS (AMY), for a moment, might be it: but after making serious eye contact, and a moment in which J and AMY register each other without affect, and he shakes head very slightly to reject either a canape or something much more complicated, she moves on through the crowd. He keeps moving. She keeps moving. They seem to know each other from another context, and it rattled Jim, to see her here. Near the MONEY changing hands at an improvised CAISSE, wh a woman in specs trades colored plaques for cash in the A casino manner, KOREAN HEAVIES stand guard, earpieced, arm (The security guys outside are any security guys: the inn sanctum is Korean). JIM goes to the caisse table, reaches into his coat, and pulls out ten thousand-odd dollars in a wrapper. He waits watches, as His MONEY is counted... And as... THE PLAQUES are shoved across. As JIM gathers up the plaques and puts them in his coat, notices an older, tough, grave, civil, unreadable Korean MISTER LEE, looking at him carefully.
0) 12) dialog: In the crowd...
1) 0) text: AMY looks briefly out through the window at the oblivious JIM, concerned, intrigued, and then moves on with her TRA CANAPES. JIM puts the plate on the terrace rail and starts to wolf food. As we come around, MISTER LEE materializes behind him.
1) 109) dialog: Ohio.
1) 112) dialog: No.
1) 116) dialog: He worked in a factory.
1) 121) dialog: She was an alcoholic. She was insane. to the NEBBISH.
2) 52) dialog: Did you mean what you said? About me having talent.
2) 54) dialog: Then you never “see me” as a matter of fact.
2) 56) dialog: Because I’ve seen you... at her.
2) 57) dialog: In your other life.
2) 59) dialog: Oh.
2) 61) dialog: If you're talking about having a cup of coffee or something, half the faculty...
2) 63) dialog: Would you sign that for me please?
2) 67) dialog: I want you to sign that.
2) 69) dialog: I want you to fucking sign it.
2) 72) dialog: You are being dramatic. Which is not surprising since the novel is ok but you're basically a dramatist.
2) 74) dialog: I didn't get to college until I was twenty five because my father died of cancer and my mother was a drunk, I'm an older undergraduate and I want to go to a restaurant.
3) 69) dialog: If I have to draw you into an inappropriate relationship, to get you out of this job, I’m ready to do it.
3) 71) dialog: Well all right. JIM stares at the floor, into space, and then asks her:
3) 76) dialog: Where are we going?
4) 0) text: NEAR-DERELICT, NOT GOOD-LOOKING, POOR PEOPLE are feverish gambling at the chump games. Slots. Bingo. 62. JIM, with the stunned AMY by the arm, conducts her past a through MORE GAMBLERS: fucked guys in cowboy hats, ladies with coin buckets and oxygen hoses, fat people in structu wheelchairs, enormously fat freeform waddlers in stretch pants. Jim is jubilant. AMY is having a good time.
4) 1) dialog: There’s something wrong with everybody here. They all ought to be in the hospital.
4) 6) dialog: Stop it.
4) 8) dialog: Bullshit.
5) 2) dialog: When you say "everything", that you lost everything, what are you talking about? JIM looks over at her. 64.
5) 5) dialog: -..-We are in the desert... As he takes her by the hand and pulls her to her feet we
5) 14) dialog: Yes. I saw you being a professor for three years and we know you’re not one of those, either. What you are is all yours. You're the perfect example of how a person can start out with no problems whatsoever and make sure he has all of them. JIM looks around at the desert, getting it.
5) 15) dialog: I'm pretty sure that's your intention.
5) 18) dialog: And you think you don't need anyone to talk to?
5) 20) dialog: I don't think that you remember all the things that you say or that people remember them. In class you said, Life's short, get on with it, and always do the right thing, that's all there is to it.
5) 22) dialog: Pretty simple, but right on the money.
6) 0) text: JIM'S DUCT-TAPED CELLPHONE rings. We stay on the PHONE as rings and rings. AMY opens the door and reaches for it.
6) 22) dialog: Where are we going?
7) 0) text: KITCHEN CUPBOARD SHELVES are filled with BOOKS. Apart fro books, she has barely anything at all. A kettle, a pot, a cup. A beautifully chosen thrift store table, at which JI sits, admiring the sun-filled room. Amy sits across from
7) 1) dialog: Have you seen anybody? Ever? He continues to look around the room, registering its normality.
7) 2) dialog: I mean, have you ever talked. To anyone. As if she had spoken in another language:
7) 4) dialog: There are men chasing you. You have no home. You have no job. What are you going to do. 70. He looks at her for a long time.
7) 7) dialog: All right. We hear him go. She sits on.
7) 122) dialog: Well.
7) 124) dialog: There’s quite a lot of talk over at the department.
7) 127) dialog: What are you doing?
7) 129) dialog: To pay everybody back, right? JIM doesn't look at her.
7) 133) dialog: Please don’t go with them. He gets up and walks over to the car. HEAVY ONE (who is really heavy) holds the back door open, and then gets in JIM and HEAVY TWO in the back,
7) 227) dialog: What happened to your eye?
7) 229) dialog: You're starting to make promises? He stops and looks at her.
7) 235) dialog: What’s going on?
7) 237) dialog: Jesus Christ.
7) 243) dialog: Goodbye, Professor Bennett.