1) 182) dialog: Yeah I'm wondering if she gave you any money in it.
1) 184) dialog: I'm from Frank. Let's take a ride. JIM gets in and we
1) 188) dialog: Did you or did you not call and ask him for more money. JIM looks over at him.
1) 190) dialog: Well, we're gonna go see him about that. We got one stop. BIG ERNIE wheels into a crappy motel.
1) 194) dialog: Not really but I got a junkie girlfriend and it's how I wake her up in the bathroom. The DOOR is opened on its chain, and we have a moment to the smeared unshaven face of a DEBTOR before BIG ERNIE ki the door in, breaking THE DEBTOR'S cheek in the process.
2) 0) text: LIGHT blasts into the dark, long-term residence as THE DEBTOR, in wife-beater and underwear, reels back from the door holding his face. In an instant, BIG ERNIE is on to beating the living shit out of him on the bed. JIM watche regular sequence of right hands straight into the face, smashing spectacles, nose, mouth. THE DEBTOR's face is a ruined mask of blood within seconds. BIG ERNIE drags the onto the floor and brings a boot down on a delicate hand. straightens up, reviews his work. JIM has noticed: CARTOO silently on TV, TOYS in the corner of the room. He then s A BOY peeping out of the bathroom door, staring at the ru of his father.
2) 1) dialog: (to JIM) Well that's too bad, but the memories may mitigate against some pretty shitty genetics. (idly handing the dumbstruck BOY a $100 bill on the way out) Feel like a schvitz?
2) 10) dialog: It has been so since the Greeks.
7) 252) dialog: Everybody’s been there.
7) 254) dialog: Amen.
7) 257) dialog: Are you long business or short business?
7) 272) dialog: Even I did that, of course it’s out by Pearblossom.
7) 289) dialog: Yes I’m lonely...wanna die...Yes I’m lonely...wanna die...etc.
8) 91) dialog: What the fuck are you doing? JIM looks down at the hand holding his coat. A KOREAN BOU comes and deliberately removes BIG ERNIE’S HAND. BIG ERNIE (CONT’D) What the fuck are you doing? FRANK is standing alarmed by the bar. BIG ERNIE is hustle out of the room, going along, because it would be very un not to. JIM goes to a table, unzips his backpack, and stacks his on the table. He discards the backpack. He picks up the b of cash and heads towards the roulette table. 113. JIM moves forward, fast, and puts HUNDREDS AND HUNDREDS O THOUSAND DOLLARS in cash on the table, all the money he h made in Vegas from betting on Lamar's game, less what he Neville Baraka, putting down one lump of cash after anoth The croupier stares. Jim's gaze wanders over the table...reds and blacks blurr He is dimly aware of SPECTATORS crowding in...FRANK...MIS LEE...