0) 0) text: A modern house, packed with dark-clad figures, clings to edge of a precipice. Its lights are blurred in the sort o fog that Angelenos call a marine layer. In the road that curves past and below the house, VALETS silently taking and parking (driving off to park) expensi cars. Valets in their white shirt-fronts are running up a down the road. The people going up to the house do not seem to be party- goers: they are all male, mostly grave, primarily Asian businessmen. A fogged view of the valet area is revealed by a sudden s of WIPERS. We reverse to see: A BMW 1 series, the 1M, the orange killer, standing pulle over against the curb, under a spray of somebody's bougainvillea. The car is idling. It contains only the driver.
0) 5) text: I’ve got a lucky face. THE VALET stares, authority challenged, flummoxed, as JIM, with a glance back, goes up the steep stairs under flaring torches. In the undergrowth we see (and JIM sees) that a FOR SALE has been toppled over, and badly hidden. After following JIM briefly through the gardens, over the brick paths, and past big SECURITY MEN (multi-ethnic), on whom nods as JIM appears, we go to JIM'S POV to enter the house, to move through the packed rooms. There is a girl inside with a GUEST LIST. She know him, makes a mark. The rooms, done up around the edges as a temporary bottle service gambling club, are full of serious gamblers. Agai mostly Asian, but with some serious casuals, a few hip- hoppers. It’s a catered affair. The same sort of casually employed actors and models and students that move around drinks and food on trays at any party in Hollywood. JIM moves through the rooms, noting... TABLE AFTER TABLE, all of them in heavy play, by very hea gamblers. Through a door, apart, we see a POKER GAME going on, heav hitters. JIM moves on, observing everything, ready for anything, looking for what he needs, the game he needs. A STUDENT-WAITRESS (AMY), for a moment, might be it: but after making serious eye contact, and a moment in which J and AMY register each other without affect, and he shakes head very slightly to reject either a canape or something much more complicated, she moves on through the crowd. He keeps moving. She keeps moving. They seem to know each other from another context, and it rattled Jim, to see her here. Near the MONEY changing hands at an improvised CAISSE, wh a woman in specs trades colored plaques for cash in the A casino manner, KOREAN HEAVIES stand guard, earpieced, arm (The security guys outside are any security guys: the inn sanctum is Korean). JIM goes to the caisse table, reaches into his coat, and pulls out ten thousand-odd dollars in a wrapper. He waits watches, as His MONEY is counted... And as... THE PLAQUES are shoved across. As JIM gathers up the plaques and puts them in his coat, notices an older, tough, grave, civil, unreadable Korean MISTER LEE, looking at him carefully.
0) 25) text: You want to fuck around or do you want to cut cards for 500? NEVILLE looks at him, at the raised 500 PLAQUE.
1) 0) text: AMY looks briefly out through the window at the oblivious JIM, concerned, intrigued, and then moves on with her TRA CANAPES. JIM puts the plate on the terrace rail and starts to wolf food. As we come around, MISTER LEE materializes behind him.
1) 13) text: Eventually, a debt gets too big to pay. Then...no one is responsible. JIM grips the rail of the porch. Down in the LOWER GARDEN PROSTITUTES do business by the pool, one or another going with a businessman into the dark. A freshly unfolded aspe of Hell. All whispers into ears. As JIM watches...
1) 17) text: NEVILLE now on the terrace, lying back in a deck chair, smoking a COHIBA, his boys seated in shadow nearby.
2) 0) text: LIGHT blasts into the dark, long-term residence as THE DEBTOR, in wife-beater and underwear, reels back from the door holding his face. In an instant, BIG ERNIE is on to beating the living shit out of him on the bed. JIM watche regular sequence of right hands straight into the face, smashing spectacles, nose, mouth. THE DEBTOR's face is a ruined mask of blood within seconds. BIG ERNIE drags the onto the floor and brings a boot down on a delicate hand. straightens up, reviews his work. JIM has noticed: CARTOO silently on TV, TOYS in the corner of the room. He then s A BOY peeping out of the bathroom door, staring at the ru of his father.
2) 96) dialog: (a broad swamp Yankee accent) I drink a ginger ale, it comes right out. Look at that. But I still like the taste of it. I like it here, too. I ain’t going anywhere until they come and get me. I used to take this boat to French Polynesia. Other places. Everywhere. They say they'll do my ashes... Throwing gestures at the water... ED (CONT’D) So I can travel. But I don't buy it. I have a daughter. She'll get me in a box no matter what I write down.
2) 98) dialog: Yeah. A long beat. ED (CONT’D) You're my Jim. 42. JIM has to put his sunglasses on.
2) 99) text: A YOUNGER JIM than the boy in the pool, sitting on a YOUN ED'S lap and "driving" a big vintage Bentley car round an round the driveway at what is now Roberta's house. JIM surfaces as ED grabs his steward by the white-coated ED (CONT’D) This is my grandson, Jim.
2) 103) dialog: Takes all kinds. Writing anything?
2) 105) dialog: Well I won’t waste time calling it your prime of life.
2) 107) dialog: Just be around to bury me.
2) 109) dialog: Not to get the money because you won’t. That’s our deal. 43.
2) 111) dialog: Nothing is the best thing I can give you. I don’t care about the other sons of bitches, they can have the money. They need it, because without it they are zero. With you...the best thing I can give you is zero. Jim?
2) 113) dialog: I told your mother the other day that I’d just been playing cards with my sister on a porch in Connecticut in a lightning storm. Your mother convinced me otherwise. She told me my sister is dead.
2) 115) dialog: How do you be a writer when your mother is a writer is what I want to know.
2) 117) dialog: Anybody ever wrote about you it would be half about her. No wonder you said fuck it. at the old man with great appreciation. ED (CONT’D) However, you come into this from nothing. You go back into nothing from this. So in between, you have to do what you have to do. It's the only time you got to do it. Wanted to write down what I remember. Too late. Can't do it now. Why I married your grandmother.
2) 120) dialog: She said “Edward unless you stop dissipating yourself and get your elephants to Croydon I am marrying Frederick Sitwell Three.” Well I couldn’t stand the thought of that. I wasn’t going to let Fred Sitwell to get anything. How many of us succeed not because we want what we get but because we can’t be seen to lose? You sit there right now because I hated Fred Sitwell. Male behavior. Is what it is. Ladies different. Long study of subject. Been at it a hundred years now. First man to build a bridge, know what his wife said to him? JIM shakes his head, smiling. ED (CONT’D) “What are you, too lazy to row?” JIM laughs. ED (CONT’D) So because I was a jackass who had to defeat another jackass in combat there I was married almost seventy years to a woman who by and large only gave me a hard time. Got my elephants to Croydon, though. Computers then were cards. Holes in cards. Never understood it. Said I did. Invested in it.
2) 122) dialog: No. Gambling is synthetic experience. Cowards do it. JIM gets it. And the GRANDFATHER, now looking up, isn’t a senile as he may have seemed. ED (CONT’D) There have been some calls at the office, Jim. Even on the boat. 45. THE STEWARD is glaring from the companionway.
2) 124) dialog: Doesn’t matter. Whoever’s after you, you’re on your own. You'll get out of it or you won't. They sit there. ED (CONT’D) You want something to eat? EXT. JIM’S STREET. HILLS. DAY His BMW is being hooked up by a tow truck by guys with tattoos and weird hair and is dragged off in a cloud of diesel smoke. JIM, in a bathrobe, watches from the door. He looks acros a NEIGHBOR, a regular middle class retired person, who is standing with a dribbling hose.
3) 0) text: JIM, holding his envelope, notes that the car is gone. He looks at the STROLLER in the corner, BEACH BAG, other obj recognizable from previous life. He uses a key on the interior door and after getting in disarms the ADT alarm. He looks around the kitchen, the h chair at the table, the washed-up bottles by the sink. He sits down at the table and with a finger turns around the baby’s placemat: it is a brightly colored map of the worl He turns it back to where it was. He goes and looks at the things stuck to the refrigerator baby pictures, but nothing of Jim. He clutches the ENVELO full of money. He continues through the house. He regards the LIVING ROO He opens a door into what used to be his STUDY and sees t the shelves are empty and the BOOKS are half put into car and half stacked on the floor by the door. There is no desk, merely four indents in the carpet where desk legs used to be. He takes that on: he moves along to look into the bedroom crib with a mobile, the baby’s things. He goes along and looks into the other bedroom, and when he switches on the light stands there with head cocked, looking at:
3) 1) text: A man’s boots, a rumpled bed, two water bottles and a win glass on the night stand. He goes into the bathroom and s a leather bag of shaving tackle. Not his. He sorts throug the toilet kit and finds condoms, and, oddly, Rogaine packets. He leans against the wall and stays there, head back, eye closed, holding his crinkling envelope of money. From OFF we hear two car doors slam close. JIM pushes off wall, and heads slowly back towards the kitchen.
4) 0) text: NEAR-DERELICT, NOT GOOD-LOOKING, POOR PEOPLE are feverish gambling at the chump games. Slots. Bingo. 62. JIM, with the stunned AMY by the arm, conducts her past a through MORE GAMBLERS: fucked guys in cowboy hats, ladies with coin buckets and oxygen hoses, fat people in structu wheelchairs, enormously fat freeform waddlers in stretch pants. Jim is jubilant. AMY is having a good time.
6) 0) text: JIM'S DUCT-TAPED CELLPHONE rings. We stay on the PHONE as rings and rings. AMY opens the door and reaches for it.
6) 3) text: ED'S TRICKLING BAG is still filled with bile, but ED hims is unconscious. Mere days have done him in. JIM sits besi his bed in the room. ED comes awake, suddenly: and looks around in wonder. He finally focusses on JIM.
6) 4) dialog: You and me are gonna be straight that I've had it. Everybody else is full of baloney.
6) 6) dialog: Fuck that. I won't know about that. I need to know what you're worth when I leave you with nothing. What I need to know is that you'll do me proud. You're me, if you'll have it. You're all that I've got that's anything like me. JIM can't handle this. ED grabs his shirtsleeve. ED (CONT’D) Hey, asshole. If you think life is difficult you should try this. JIM and his grandfather laugh.
6) 8) dialog: Not as sorry as I am. I think that nurse took my wallet and I've had the same money in it for ten years. What are you gonna do for me, Jim? My Jim?
6) 10) dialog: You're on your own. That's the point.
6) 12) dialog: I'm worried about that nurse. But I don't think I'm gonna need my drivers licence. Do you?
7) 0) text: KITCHEN CUPBOARD SHELVES are filled with BOOKS. Apart fro books, she has barely anything at all. A kettle, a pot, a cup. A beautifully chosen thrift store table, at which JI sits, admiring the sun-filled room. Amy sits across from