2) 3) dialog: You have a good time with Big Ernie?
2) 5) dialog: They're not talking about his jacket, brother. 32.
2) 7) dialog: Are you saying I am?
2) 9) dialog: I admit that in this milieu we live in, this demi-monde, there is a little locker room humor to be expected. Locker room anything always turns out to be fundamentally, in essence, homosexual. I mean let's be frank.
2) 12) dialog: They used to grease up and have at each other. You don’t bet on the football, do you.
2) 14) dialog: A friend of mine says that you’re a teacher.
2) 16) dialog: My daughter’s at The New School. Linguistics. Hey, she’s not the Barbra Streisand Professor of Gender Studies, but it’s a job. We all got jobs. Mine's supposedly television production. Listen.
2) 18) dialog: The amount of cash you want is more than I am ordinarily disposed to loan out unless, say, you're a medium-sized country with the ability to raise taxes under the threat of military force. JIM smiles.
2) 19) dialog: OR, a Eurotrash cokehead who has a father who can be squeezed after the kid’s microbudget sci-fi film doesn’t get picked up at Sundance. Are you following me? JIM nods, takes it.
2) 20) dialog: You got family that can be squeezed? I’m saying that rhetorically.
2) 22) dialog: No, I need us to treat each other like we're not gentlemen and that we're very very stupid.
2) 24) dialog: What do you make, a hundred, hundred fifty a year? Two hundred before taxes. JIM shrugs.
2) 25) dialog: What’s wrong with you? You have brain damage, some fundamental disability? Two hundred is a monk. JIM spreads his hands. JIM nods. 34.
2) 26) dialog: And you, a monk, owe that Korean son of a bitch, the prince of fucking darkness, that much right now, and then another fifty, excluding the vig, to Neville Baraka. Who will kill you because when you cut cards he got the king of spades and you laughed at him.
2) 28) dialog: You borrowed 50K from a very dangerous man after he was already going to kill you.
2) 30) dialog: Birth, education, intelligence, talent, looks, family money, has all this been a real comprehensive fucking burden for you? I see two problems. One, the world at his feet, in this town, and he’s a fuckin’ monk. Because, apparently, fuck it. Two, he wants to die for some unspecified personal reason and therefore owes money to Korean murderers and talks about a schwarzer’s hat in a place where you can get killed and they merely drop your body up the Angeles Crest. Three, he wants to borrow a quarter of a million dollars to pay off debts which he will not, in fact, pay off because, to go back to point two, he’s suicidal.
2) 32) dialog: If I help you consolidate these debts, so you don't fuck the Korean or the schwarzer up the ass, do you think that I will be anybody you want to fuck up the ass? Am I likelier to be fucked up the ass?
2) 34) dialog: Listen to me, listen to me, I’m not your doctor, I’m not your cognitive therapist, but let me be your uncle. You have to pay ten percent a week—
2) 36) dialog: Well, where are you going to get my money?
2) 38) dialog: How much you want?
2) 40) dialog: When’s the last time you ever had money in your hand to pay a debt, and paid it? JIM starts to speak. FRANK raises his hand.
2) 41) dialog: Don’t fuck with me. This will be your first time when you pay. Am I right.
2) 43) dialog: We're not done. I need something from you.
2) 45) dialog: No, I need you to say to me “I need this money because I’m a scumbag gambler”. “I’m a scumbag gambler who takes food out of the mouths of my wife and child. That’s the kind of man I am, Frank, and I want you to loan me, a dying suicidal asshole, a lot of money”.
2) 47) dialog: Lets make it simpler. I know you're not a gambler. You're doing something more complicated that manifests itself as gambling, but I don't have any other frame of reference. I've got money, you want it. If you want the money, you tell me “I am not a man”. JIM sits. He doesn’t respond.
2) 48) dialog: Say it. Say “I am not a man”. We don't know whether Jim is going to say it or not and w
7) 248) dialog: Well they fuckin' weren't supposed to, were they. That was the point. Hey, turn that off. THE BARTENDER does. JIM comes up.
7) 249) dialog: Sit down. (a beat) Do you drink? I don’t remember if you drink. Of course there’s drink and drink. (MORE )
7) 251) dialog: I drink but I haven't been drunk since Reagan was president. God's honest truth. I got a DUI. And in jail I actually fell down and pissed my pants. You don’t need to do that twice. I am telling you this so you know that everybody's been there.
7) 253) dialog: Once. If you’re there twice...after having been there once....I can’t help you. You know I listen to the drunks, and it’s like you’re listening to a fairy story about a fight with a fuckin’ monster when the actual title of the story is “I can’t handle my liquor,” by Mister Crybaby.
7) 255) dialog: I don’t know, maybe they have a problem, but fuck 'em if they do, cause I don’t. Which leads me to ask: are you pulling this shit just now, or forever. JIM doesn’t answer.
7) 256) dialog: I mean do you have a “problem”? Wah wah wah like some little fucking girl wah wah wah, or some Somali who can’t process that there’s no food where they live, or are you just fucked up temporarily because you're temporarily fuckin’ stupid.
7) 259) dialog: I need to know if you have the fuckin’ brains to walk when it’s time to walk. People don’t, you know? Ball players who can’t play any more, assholes trying to maintain a standard of living not possible any more. Lot of them around. I’ve seen you be half a million dollars up.
7) 261) dialog: What you got on you?
7) 263) dialog: What you put away?
7) 265) dialog: You get up two and a half million, any asshole in the world knows what to do. You get a house with a twenty-five year roof, an indestructable Jap economy shitbox, and you put the rest into the system at three to five percent to pay your taxes, and that’s your base, get me, that’s your Fortress of Fuckin’ Solitude, and you are for the rest of your life at a level of “fuck you”. Someone wants you do do something? “Fuck you”. Boss pisses you off? “Fuck you”. Own your house, have a few bucks in the bank, don’t drink, that’s all I have to say to anybody at any social level. Did your grandfather take risks?
7) 267) dialog: I can guarantee he did it froma position of “fuck you”. (MORE )
7) 269) dialog: Which is what he means to you when he says fuck you also, and what he would mean when he said “fuck you” to me. The wise man’s life is based around “fuck you”. The United States of America is based on “fuck you”. You're a king? You have an Army, the greatest Navy in the history of the world? “Fuck you, blow me”. We'll fuck it up ourselves. (raises his drink) Which we have done. Beautiful fuck you position, lost forever. King George the Third looks like a fuckin’ birthday present. (to BARTENDER, with Zapata mustache) This is the grandson of the seventeenth richest man in California.
7) 271) dialog: What he wants is money because he doesn’t know when to say “That’s it, I’m two million ahead, fuck it, fuck you, I have a car and a house and a family, it’s all paid for, fuck you.”
7) 278) dialog: You still owe large, two places you shouldn’t. Why you want door number three?
7) 280) dialog: Time payments, sell your sperm, sell your ass, how the fuck should I know. Your grandfather’s boat ever go to Mexico?
7) 282) dialog: What if it stayed there. JIM stares at the bar.
7) 283) dialog: I’m not saying I need you to get the keys, I could do it myself. Well not personally. But me selling a fifty million dollar yacht to some narco for ten percent of its value would not absolve you. You haven't looked at this game once. What’s wrong with you, you don’t watch sports?
7) 285) dialog: So's readin’. There’s a point: Jim concedes it.
7) 286) dialog: I’m so sick about that Columbia- Brown game, I’m lucky I can swallow my fuckin’ drink. I got middled on the game. Rotten lowlife Ivy League faggots, no offense if you’re a lowlife Ivy League faggot. 99. 100.
7) 288) dialog: I am of the universe and you know what it’s worth. BIG ERNIE starts singing “Yer Blues” and pounding the bar
7) 290) dialog: I give you this money, and you don't pay it back, there are no rules. You never, ever, get to say “fuck you” to anybody. You'll get not just what you owe me from your grandfather, you’1ll get me his accounts so I can have them vacuumed from Russia. You commit suicide, you can do it knowing that I’11 kill your whole fuckin’ family. Do you understand the gravity of your situation.
7) 292) dialog: You get up? You get out. He holds out car keys.
7) 294) dialog: This kinda money, what's a car. What do you want to be able to say to me?
8) 23) text: DEXTER, in Vegas, handing over the very recognizable DUFF OF CASH that Jim got from Frank.
8) 55) dialog: You have all my money plus everything? Are you telling me you have all my money.
8) 57) dialog: What do you do when you’re in fuck you position?
8) 59) dialog: If there was a list of places where nobody gets ripped off I believe that’s at the top.
8) 96) dialog: You need a ride? JIM shakes his head.
8) 98) dialog: You got anything on you?
8) 100) dialog: That’s not “fuck you” position.
8) 102) dialog: Then say it to me.
8) 104) dialog: Good boy. JIM shoves off the car and begins to walk down the old downtown street: as SCORE comes up and carries us along i his new world (needless to say this is about the music),