0) 4) dialog: Already got a space, buddy. He looks up at the LIGHTED HOUSE, then at the VALET.
0) 5) text: I’ve got a lucky face. THE VALET stares, authority challenged, flummoxed, as JIM, with a glance back, goes up the steep stairs under flaring torches. In the undergrowth we see (and JIM sees) that a FOR SALE has been toppled over, and badly hidden. After following JIM briefly through the gardens, over the brick paths, and past big SECURITY MEN (multi-ethnic), on whom nods as JIM appears, we go to JIM'S POV to enter the house, to move through the packed rooms. There is a girl inside with a GUEST LIST. She know him, makes a mark. The rooms, done up around the edges as a temporary bottle service gambling club, are full of serious gamblers. Agai mostly Asian, but with some serious casuals, a few hip- hoppers. It’s a catered affair. The same sort of casually employed actors and models and students that move around drinks and food on trays at any party in Hollywood. JIM moves through the rooms, noting... TABLE AFTER TABLE, all of them in heavy play, by very hea gamblers. Through a door, apart, we see a POKER GAME going on, heav hitters. JIM moves on, observing everything, ready for anything, looking for what he needs, the game he needs. A STUDENT-WAITRESS (AMY), for a moment, might be it: but after making serious eye contact, and a moment in which J and AMY register each other without affect, and he shakes head very slightly to reject either a canape or something much more complicated, she moves on through the crowd. He keeps moving. She keeps moving. They seem to know each other from another context, and it rattled Jim, to see her here. Near the MONEY changing hands at an improvised CAISSE, wh a woman in specs trades colored plaques for cash in the A casino manner, KOREAN HEAVIES stand guard, earpieced, arm (The security guys outside are any security guys: the inn sanctum is Korean). JIM goes to the caisse table, reaches into his coat, and pulls out ten thousand-odd dollars in a wrapper. He waits watches, as His MONEY is counted... And as... THE PLAQUES are shoved across. As JIM gathers up the plaques and puts them in his coat, notices an older, tough, grave, civil, unreadable Korean MISTER LEE, looking at him carefully.
0) 7) dialog: Couldn’t do worse. They look at each other. JIM has his game face: but MISTE LEE always has his. MISTER LEE nods, and, though it’s sub allows JIM to pass on through into the big, crowded, high ceilinged room.
0) 10) dialog: Double down, make it twenty thousand. The DEALER looks over at MISTER LEE, who nods his approva JIM gets a king. He’s lost. His on-table pile is raked aw He smiles, and then deliberately, enjoying it, he pushes the last of his RESERVED CHIPS...all of them.
0) 11) text: (to uncertain, sweating dealer) Mister Lee can cover a lot more than that, buddy. (a beat) You must be new. MISTER LEE again has to nod his approval. The sweating DEALER deals. JIM is given a card down and a 2 showing. The DEALER has queen showing. JIM looks at him again, briefly; then flip his down card, sees a 7, and tucks it under his 2. After catching the eye of the passing...
0) 13) dialog: (off something about Amy) Let’s go for it, brother. (this means something about Amy) Double it. JIM takes a card down, flicks it up with his 7 card. It i ace. He is unmoved. The DEALER turns up his down card, a 5; then draws a 6 fo 21. We stay on the cards long enough to count them. JIM'S COUNTERS are scraped away by the house. MISTER LEE moves indifferently away through the crowd.
0) 14) dialog: JIM is entirely without affect: as if losing money was exactly what he wanted: to be done with it. He pulls out a single RED 500 dollar counter, looks at it turns it in his hand, in the well-done light, puts it bac his pocket. A bejeweled COURTLY GANGSTA (NEVILLE) beside him (and his POSSE never far from Neville):
0) 16) dialog: I don’t pay rent. Homes. After this (ambiguity) is taken on board:
0) 18) dialog: Yeah, I don’t like your fuckin’ hat. JIM is quite obviously a gambler in many aspects of life. NEVILLE and POSSE exchange glances. DANGEROUS KOREANS hav moved in at the hint of trouble.
0) 19) dialog: (quietly to Neville’s ear) I think you kinda want me to have an issue, so I thought of that one. JIM tosses down his drink, chews his ice, and stares at Neville.
0) 20) dialog: I got plenty of issues. A dangerous guy in a hat's only one of them. What's yours?
0) 22) dialog: Well, we all gotta go out sometime. It's never when you want it and it's always gonna hurt. (turns back, leans in) You a gambler?
0) 24) dialog: You don't know what I am. That's the first thing you should know. JIM looks intently at him, inches away.
0) 27) dialog: I haven’t got ten grand. That’s an unequal bet. The courtly NEVILLE indicates his smoldering POSSE:
0) 29) dialog: Oh, I like odds. (holding out palm to the wide-eyed DEALER, not looking at him) Give us a deck. One is shuffled. JIM takes it, walks with Neville to a ne small bar where champagne is set up, puts the deck down, nods at NEVILLE who cuts first and shows...with great reluctance.... The KING OF SPADES. JIM, amused, looks up at NEVILLE who is not amused at all
0) 30) dialog: That’s funny.
0) 32) dialog: (genuinely) Congratulations. He holds out his hand and NEVILLE takes THE PLAQUE and ha over in return a glass of champagne. JIM takes a small si and sets the glass aside.
0) 34) dialog: Life’s a losing proposition, right? Might as well get it over with. He starts off.
0) 36) dialog: You like staking losers? NEVILLE has no response.
0) 37) dialog: I know how you stake people.
1) 0) text: AMY looks briefly out through the window at the oblivious JIM, concerned, intrigued, and then moves on with her TRA CANAPES. JIM puts the plate on the terrace rail and starts to wolf food. As we come around, MISTER LEE materializes behind him.
1) 2) dialog: Maybe. MISTER LEE is intrigued by this guy.
1) 4) dialog: Oh, I think we can be pretty sure it was from gambling.
1) 6) dialog: No, I didn’t.
1) 8) dialog: This is a gambling establishment.
1) 10) dialog: Well, that depends if you give me ten thousand more in credit.
1) 12) dialog: Everybody owes money all over the place. Have I never not paid you?
1) 13) text: Eventually, a debt gets too big to pay. Then...no one is responsible. JIM grips the rail of the porch. Down in the LOWER GARDEN PROSTITUTES do business by the pool, one or another going with a businessman into the dark. A freshly unfolded aspe of Hell. All whispers into ears. As JIM watches...
1) 19) dialog: Stake me fifty grand. A long look from NEVILLE. 10.
1) 21) dialog: At whatever points you like. We had a conversation about odds. You think I mind them?
1) 23) dialog: You can take the whole fifty, and we'll settle up — but as we discussed, this is a gambling establishment. MISTER LEE keeps his counsel; then keeps forty, hands it BIG KOREAN, and hands ten grand back to Jim with a grave JIM pockets the ten. JIM walks past the smoking, disinterested NEVILLE.
1) 25) dialog: I feel better about your hat. But not about you wearing it inside. NEVILLE looks after him. His GUYS stand up.
1) 28) dialog: Do it. No no. Don’t look at Mister Lee. You look at me. Do it. 11. The DEALER deals. JIM gets a queen showing. The Dealer has an ace showing. checks his down card and sees a 3. He nods for a card and hit with an 8 for 21.
1) 30) dialog: Play the two. The DEALER gives JIM a 10 up and another card down; deals himself a king up. JIM flips and sees another 10 for 20. dealer draws two cards — and busts. Jim’s won again. JIM nods for the DEALER to start another hand. The DEALER looks at MISTER LEE.
1) 31) dialog: He doesn’t want you to look at him. Deal the cards. SPECTATORS crowd around. NEVILLE is watching. AMY comes through the crowd and SHE is watching. The DEALER gives JIM a down card and an 8. He deals himse 4 showing over his down card. JIM sees his down card is a
1) 32) dialog: (to DEALER) You take it. The DEALER turns over a 2, then draws a jack for 16 and t a queen to bust. Jim wins with a 10 for 14. MISTER LEE watches. The DEALER looks at MISTER LEE.
1) 33) dialog: Don’t look at him. There’s no limit.
1) 35) dialog: Fuck my protection. You don’t come here for fucking protection from yourself. (MORE )
1) 37) dialog: You come here for the fuckin’ opposite and here I am. Deal the cards. MISTER LEE nods. THE CARDS ARE DEALT. JIM wins another hand with 21. He takes up the counters. Turns away, goes, with people watching him, Amy watching to... The roulette table. JIM stands and looks at the waiting table, magic in the l over it. He puts down his plaques. NEVILLE has come up be him.
1) 38) dialog: Everything on black.
1) 40) dialog: You want me to pay you now? Is that what you want me to do?
1) 42) dialog: Why not?
1) 44) dialog: It’s all of those things.
1) 46) dialog: What about ripping me off outside if I win?
1) 48) dialog: Everything on black. The ball rolls, and it’s nearly black, but then the ball lands in...
1) 50) dialog: Float me some spending money. NEVILLE gives him a thousand dollars.
1) 56) dialog: We're all tourists. It's the nature of the planet. She starts to speak.
1) 57) dialog: Listen. I don’t need you to talk. I need you to listen to me. No. No no, you listen. I know it’s hard, I know you want to talk your bullshit, but if you do, I’m going to leave. 14. She nods, maybe getting it. He holds out a hundred dollar bill. She looks at it: starts to speak: but he stops her.
1) 58) dialog: I don’t want you to act like you’re in a porn film made for retards, because there’s no girl in here better looking than anybody I've ever even gone out with once, so I want you to act like a normal woman with no mental problems and then I want you to take this hundred dollars, I want you to take me in back, where you blow people for money, and I want you to do what I ask you to do without saying another fucking word to me ever again in my life. Can you do that? Because if you can’t shut up I can’t stay here. Finally she nods and takes the hundred dollar bill.
1) 59) dialog: OK. All right. He follows her into the back room as if marching to a dea sentence and we go to:
1) 63) dialog: I’m trying to avoid tenure. You can have that one.
1) 65) dialog: Fuck you. [Fuck grateful. ] JONES goes. JIM continues to wash.
1) 67) dialog: The first public notice that was ever made of Shakespeare was from a grub street writer Robert Greene, who called him an “upstart crow beautified with our feathers”. (MORE )
1) 69) dialog: In the book under that title on the board. If you haven’t discovered Robert Greene on your own at this point, the man who wrote the novel Pandosto, you don’t belong in this class. ON AMY'S SCREEN is the famous picture of the ghost of ROB GREENE in his winding sheet, pen to paper at a table, condemned to hackdom even in the afterlife. She clicks an hides the picture.
1) 71) dialog: Listen. The Earl of Oxford published poetry. It wasn’t any good. Had Oxford been able to get a play put on, he would have broken a leg to do it. Can you think of any human being that would for any reason not put his name on “Hamlet”? BLANK faces look at him.
1) 72) dialog: The Oxfordian thing, the anti- Strafordian thing...what pisses people off about Shakespeare... What lies behind every controversy about Shakespeare...is rage. Rage over the nature, and unequal distribution, of talent. Rage that genius appears where it appears for no material reason at all. Desiring a thing... He passes AMY, walking...
1) 73) dialog: .+-cannot make you have it. He drifts through the room, talking. 17.
1) 74) dialog: The trouble with writing, if I may bring it up here in the English Department...instead of allowing you all to talk about sexual politics all fucking day long...is that we all do a little of it from time to time, writing, and some of us start to think, delusionally, that well, maybe with a little time, a little peace, a little money in the bank, maybe if we left the old lady and the kids, maybe if we had that room of our own, we might be writers, too. Why do we think that? We accept genius in sports, in painting, as something we cannot do, but it’s no more likely that you can be a writer than you can be an Olympic fucking pole vaulter. Because what you have to be before you try to be a pole vaulter, is a pole vaulter.
1) 76) dialog: A pole vaulter?
1) 78) dialog: No I’m not. For me to be a novelist I'd have to make a deal with myself that it was ok being a mediocrity in a profession that died commercially in the last century. People do that. I’m not one of them. If you take away nothing else from my class, from this experience, let it be this: If you're not a genius, don’t bother. The world needs plenty of electricians and a lot of them are happy. I'll be fucked if I'll be a midlist novelist, getting good reviews from the people I give good reviews to...
1) 80) dialog: I'm not better than anybody but the people who suck. (turns, points, not going to listen to this) Let's talk about talent. Let’s have a look at Dexter right there. Dexter, an ordinary-looking young man with a size forty jacket, regular features and decent dentition, is the second-ranked collegiate tennis player in the United States. He leans in on Dexter.
1) 81) dialog: How'd that come about, Dexter? You come from a tennis family?
1) 83) dialog: So you started playing tennis because the tennis guys had the best weed. After you started tennis, how long was it before you and everybody else realized you were better than everybody? DEXTER is well brought up and doesn’t want to answer.
1) 84) dialog: Not very long. It was immediately, right? Everybody knew you were better? DEXTER nods.
1) 85) dialog: What happened when you noticed you were naturally better than everybody? Everybody else is lumbering around, essentially pretending to play tennis, while you played tennis like Jesus raising the dead.
1) 87) dialog: Well, we're all different. My own personal view of Jesus is that he’d lose interest in being Jesus as soon as he realized that he was — and that it was easy. You know...how many lepers can you do without getting tired? Lazarus and water into wine are good as one- offs. I personally think that the thing to do is to one thing, definitively, and then move on...to something else...if, and only if... (and he is referring to himself) ..+.-you can figure out what it is that needs doing. But let’s deal with you. Do you remember Machiavelli? That would have been in September.
1) 89) dialog: Is it the game, brother, or the money? Virtu, or fama? Fame, or virtue? You're kicking ass in tennis. What are you after? Don’t go modest on me. What do you want? Money or glory? DEXTER doesn’t know what to answer.
1) 91) dialog: You got ambitious, yeah? AMY is watching.
1) 93) dialog: Highest possible level.
1) 95) dialog: OK, so you're headed for the highest level. But it's not all roses. It’s still a gamble, isn’t it. Things about it burn your ass? DEXTER takes that on. Nods.
1) 96) dialog: People out there writing articles about less good tennis players? You know why that is, Dexter? They have publicists. I've personally seen an article that put a fake question mark over your ability. DEXTER smolders.
1) 97) dialog: Also I read somewhere that your old high school coach got a job in England claiming to have discovered and created you. DEXTER looks ready to explode thinking of that one.
1) 98) dialog: Dexter's old coach now coaches the UK international team because Dexter was good at tennis. He used Dexter and fucked him. If Dexter broke his leg in five places and never played again, this guy, this fucking liar, this expatriate excrescence that came out of an alcohol coma and Pomona High School because Dexter picked up a racket because the tennis guys had the best weed, is probably going to end up knighted for services to British sport. There are two rules: first, be a genius. Second: don’t get fucked. You got that on board, Dexter, yeah? DEXTER nods.
1) 99) dialog: I’m a literature teacher. I can’t write well enough to bother. (MORE)
1) 101) dialog: Or I just don’t bother. Whichever. Whichever it is, there’ll be no apotheosis around here, there'll be no ambition here. I put my money down anywhere else. Because if I can't be king I won't be anybody. What did the Emperor Vespasian say on his deathbed? AMY's hand writes "Vae, puto deus fio" on her notebook an then conceals it.
1) 102) dialog: He said, "Dear me, I think I am becoming a God". If I can't die knowing that I'll be remembered, I won't try to be remembered. One novel and out. If you want to learn creative writing you can go down the hall and find seven people who want to do it and can't.
1) 104) dialog: But I won't. Because I'm not good enough. But do you know who does write at the highest level? When most of us, and even I, write barely adequately? Do you know who it is, in this room? The NEBBISH gets ready for coronation. JIM leans in on hi and whispers.
1) 105) dialog: No, it isn’t the one who talks the most...and you really do talk shit. You don’t know anything at all. You’re an NPR host. Tops. The NEBBISH freaks. Jim indicates AMY.
1) 106) dialog: The literary person here is Ms Phillips. She is the least obstreperous in this room, the quietest, and the only one in this room who can have a real career in letters. Some of you can have one perceptually. (MORE )
1) 108) dialog: Only she can have one in reality. She's better at writing than our US presently amateur number two is at tennis. Let's address the Shakespeare question. Where do you come from, Ms Phillips? She is blushing furiously. Almost soundlessly:
1) 110) dialog: Parents geniuses by any chance? Filthy rich? She shakes her head. He rounds on her like a prosecutor, brutal, blunt.
1) 111) dialog: Your Dad wasn’t the Earl of Oxford was he?
1) 113) dialog: How old were you when you read? Almost inaudibly: Amy I was three.
1) 114) dialog: That's early. That’s prodigious. Any advantages? Literary home life? She shakes her head, but is now holding his stare boldly.
1) 115) dialog: What was your father?
1) 117) dialog: Your mother? AMY shakes her head. No mother, or don’t bring it up.
1) 118) dialog: What was your mother. AMY finally looks up.
1) 119) dialog: She She She
1) 120) dialog: turns looks does.
1) 122) dialog: Isn’t your Dad...
1) 124) dialog: (back on an uncomfortable Amy ) No money, no advantages, not a peer of the realm? You’re not the Earl of fucking Oxford are you? No? Then why the fuck are you better than the rest of us? away.
1) 125) dialog: No, you look at me.
1) 126) dialog: You are better than the rest of us. If no one’s told you yet that you're a genius, and an artist, let me be the first. starts to cry. goes very close to him, and into his very ear, says:
1) 128) dialog: Bullshit. He walks on: 23. 24.
1) 129) dialog: Genius is magical, not material. If you don’t have the magic, no amount of wishing will make it so. The period ends. AMY in tears is gathering her stuff. To DEXTER, as he slaps him on the shoulder.
1) 130) dialog: See you at the house, Shakespeare. AMY rushes from the room.
1) 134) dialog: More words? I've about had it with them. I don't care about words or anything else.
1) 136) dialog: Yes?
1) 138) dialog: OK. How is a "certain person" doing? The certain person cannot write at collegiate level. Then again, who gives a fuck. Half the tenured faculty would be flogged to death for idiocy at any grammar school in any previous century.
1) 140) dialog: I probably don't care. If you want to give a dyslexic an English degree it's up to you.
1) 142) dialog: When it is, I'll let you know. Unless, of course, you let me know that it's time to not get serious, and I don't care either way.
1) 144) dialog: I was born a lot of things. It doesn't mean I want to be any of them. (knowing the answer) What, they got a particularly big game coming up? DEAN FULLER looks desperate and implicated.
1) 146) dialog: (leaning close) You don't know anything about me. But hey, I'll throw him out of class right now. He can be in academic arbitration and unable to play. Where's your money go then? 26. DEAN FULLER is the real gambler.
1) 147) dialog: Oh, I'm sorry, it's already down. I'll keep him in class. Why don't you give me a call and tell me about Villanova. Quid pro quo. JIM moves on and LAMAR, on the phone, watches him pass, w interest, but continues his call. EXT. ROBERTA’S HOUSE IN BEL AIR. DAY JIM in his car waits for the GATES to open and then spins under the canopy of trees. It’s one of the more East Coas houses in Bel Air. Let it breath. Jim stops his car, sits a moment, then gets out, squinting in the California ligh He notices that: THE FRONT DOOR has been opened by a waiting BUTLER. He wa over to the front door.
1) 149) dialog: Call me Jim. How’s the weekend.
1) 151) dialog: How’d you do on the football?
1) 153) dialog: It’s going around, brother. He passes through into the shadowed familiar interior.
1) 162) dialog: She doesn’t want to see me. He comes down from the chair. He gets some iced water.
1) 163) dialog: Marriage is something they do on another planet, Mom. You know that as well as I do, right? She looks at him sharply: then lets it go. She wets her f with a napkin dipped in ice water.
1) 167) dialog: Going on as I am is the only thing I've got.
1) 169) dialog: Something being possible doesn't make it mandatory.
1) 171) dialog: Yeah, whatever did happen to Dad? holding his breath beneath the water of a pool. at the edge of the pool, through the dancing water, we see a couple (his parents, Roberta and whoever Dad was fighting. She turns on him coldly.
1) 173) dialog: I said goodbye to my wife only because I couldn't depend on her to say it to me. 29.
1) 176) dialog: Thank you. He walks away across the court. She turns away to get mor water. DEXTER has packed up. They walk together towards t house.
1) 177) dialog: Sorry to use you in show and tell today. You’re headed for the finals, right?
1) 179) dialog: We're all in the finals. It’s the end of days, brother. It’s the apocalypse. His mobile rings. Whatever number is on it, he doesn’t answer.
1) 181) dialog: You looking at my mother's house for some particular reason?
1) 183) dialog: Nope.
1) 187) dialog: I don't owe Frank that much, pal, and it isn't due. Not even the vig.
1) 189) dialog: Yeah I did.
1) 193) dialog: Do you practice that? 31.
2) 0) text: LIGHT blasts into the dark, long-term residence as THE DEBTOR, in wife-beater and underwear, reels back from the door holding his face. In an instant, BIG ERNIE is on to beating the living shit out of him on the bed. JIM watche regular sequence of right hands straight into the face, smashing spectacles, nose, mouth. THE DEBTOR's face is a ruined mask of blood within seconds. BIG ERNIE drags the onto the floor and brings a boot down on a delicate hand. straightens up, reviews his work. JIM has noticed: CARTOO silently on TV, TOYS in the corner of the room. He then s A BOY peeping out of the bathroom door, staring at the ru of his father.
2) 4) dialog: He’s not that big.
2) 6) dialog: With all due respect, I’m not interested in his johnson.
2) 8) dialog: No.
2) 11) dialog: I can’t argue with that. You know your stuff.
2) 13) dialog: Football’s for homosexuals.
2) 15) dialog: I’m an associate professor at UCLA.
2) 17) dialog: I'm listening... 33.
2) 21) dialog: Let’s deal with this as gentlemen who understand each other.
2) 23) dialog: There’s no family. There’s never any family. FRANK accepts that.
2) 27) dialog: You're pretty well-informed.
2) 29) dialog: Yeah. I did.
2) 31) dialog: Just let me know what you can do for me, all right? 35.
2) 33) dialog: Less likely, I imagine.
2) 35) dialog: I know what I have to do.
2) 37) dialog: I’1ll get your money.
2) 39) dialog: I'm three hundred and twenty five thousand all in, disregarding that I'm five months behind on my mortgage.
2) 42) dialog: You're right. 36.
2) 44) dialog: Collateral...what....
2) 46) dialog: That’s too much to remember, to repeat it.
2) 51) dialog: Yes?
2) 53) dialog: I said what I said. Is there something you don’t get about “A plus plus plus, See Me?” on every JIM concedes it. He stares paper?
2) 55) dialog: Yeah well I was busy and also...I didn't want to see you.
2) 58) dialog: It's not another life. Anybody can see me, not see me, I don't care. There's nothing to look at. There's nothing that's going on except that I can't see you privately. She gets it.
2) 60) dialog: There it is. I don't know how to lie, so I can't talk to you.
2) 64) dialog: I can't. She starts to go. She does.
2) 65) dialog: Please sit down.
2) 66) dialog: If I've done you any good, accidentally by just telling the truth because I can't help it, I'm glad, but I’m a contaminated, suicidal fuck-up and I'm not hurting another person on the face of the earth. She indicates the novel.
2) 68) dialog: Absolutely not.
2) 70) dialog: Trust me, I’m not being dramatic, but that... He pushes the book away...
2) 71) dialog: ...was somebody else. Who thought other things. Who lived ina different world. I cannot and will not sign it. 39.
2) 73) dialog: Probably but who gives a fuck. Putting the book in her bag:
2) 75) dialog: There’s a whole bunch of things I don’t do any more. That’s kind of up there. Long silence. When he looks up, she is gone. JIM picks up a PEN, looks it, and then violently smashes its point on the metal des INK is all over his hand like blood and he looks at it. EXT. JIM’S HOUSE IN THE HOLLYWOOD HILLS. DAY It’s a treehouse shack, termite-eaten, a divorcee’s hut.
2) 77) dialog: Guy with no money speaking, how may I direct your call?
2) 79) dialog: Yeah? I just had a bit of a conversation about it. Long beat. Pages turn.
2) 81) dialog: If you want to get into producing. There’s only about a hundred grand against it at Warner Brothers. Good script. I know the guy who did it.
2) 83) dialog: That’s what they thought.
2) 85) dialog: Well you heard wrong because he did try to loan it to me, and I didn’t take it.
2) 87) dialog: No, the terms were unacceptable.
2) 89) dialog: Why did you loan me the money?
2) 93) dialog: I want Villanova tonight by twenty points.
2) 97) dialog: Do you know who I am?
2) 99) text: A YOUNGER JIM than the boy in the pool, sitting on a YOUN ED'S lap and "driving" a big vintage Bentley car round an round the driveway at what is now Roberta's house. JIM surfaces as ED grabs his steward by the white-coated ED (CONT’D) This is my grandson, Jim.
2) 101) dialog: (to STEWARD) He said I could use the boat, brother. If you’re not careful I’11l use it again, and bring more Mexicans. The STEWARD, who is Mexican, grimaces politely and fucks
2) 102) dialog: He doesn’t like Mexicans, and he's a Mexican. I can’t figure it out.
2) 104) dialog: That’s all done.
2) 106) dialog: No, I wouldn't bother doing that.
2) 108) dialog: I will be.
2) 110) dialog: I remember it.
2) 112) dialog: I'm here. JIM stares through his sunglasses. JIM looks
2) 114) dialog: She would.
2) 116) dialog: You don’t. The situation is very nearly Greek.
2) 119) dialog: Tell me what you remember. ED thinks.
2) 121) dialog: Did you ever gamble?
2) 123) dialog: What sort of calls. ED looks off into the marine haze.
2) 125) dialog: Safe is easy. You keep at it. For all of us.
2) 126) dialog: Jim is in the bath eating cereal and watching a college basketball game. UCLA. A small boxy TV is balanced on a chair. In many of the shots we see, repeatedly, and we’re very close, LAMAR, his student and UCLA star. ON JIM'S face:
2) 127) dialog: Oh, don't do that. We hear a ref's whistle and a roar of disapproval.
2) 129) dialog: Well, either he can't help it, Chuck, or he could, but doesn't. You be the judge.
2) 131) dialog: JIM spoons cereal and milk, watching. The game. He looks to see: ROBERTA, dressed to the nines, looking at him. ROBERTA reaches out a foot in Manolo Blahnik and pushes t TV off the chair — there is an explosion of cathode tube, — and then sits down on the chair.
2) 133) dialog: I did. ROBERTA leaves the room and JIM, after sitting for a mome begins to get out of the bath. His feet avoid the broken glass and he whips the TV plug out of the wall.
2) 134) dialog: ROBERTA is sitting agitatedly in a chair. JIM comes in, i his bathrobe, and immediately switches on the same game o the wall unit.
2) 136) dialog: He’s in my class.
2) 138) dialog: No.
2) 141) dialog: Because the odds weren’t good.
2) 143) dialog: I’m always in trouble.
2) 145) dialog: No.
2) 148) dialog: What I owe. She opens it and reads.
2) 150) dialog: It was the same as marriage. I gambled, I lost.
2) 152) dialog: Now you're talking crazy. He eats cereal again. JIM looks
2) 154) dialog: Break every bone in my body. Or go after the family. ROBERTA whacks him across the face. JIM takes it.
2) 156) dialog: There’s going to be a time when I want something again. When I won’t allow myself to be seen in this condition. But it isn’t now, and it isn’t up to you or anything you or anybody says. She sits holding the paper. Then:
2) 166) dialog: Are you implying she’s under duress or something?
2) 178) dialog: I want to take the money and go. 51. She drops the envelope on the ground. JIM picks up the envelope. ROBERTA puts her face in her hands. Then, tough bird, she recovers herself, and races off towards her LIV CAR. WE now are watching this departure, JIM holding the money and Roberta pulling away in the back seat of her town car from the POV of a car down the street. AS JIM begins to w the car is put into gear, and begins to move slowly.
2) 180) dialog: (talking to himself, more than the driver) No no no. I don’t want to go here anymore.
2) 182) dialog: It's not time yet. It's not time. Drive. I told you to fuckin' drive. He sits back. He looks at the yellow envelope on the seat beside him. T forward. THE KOREAN HEAVIES stare after the CAB, one of them walki into the road. EXT. JIM’S WIFE'S HOUSE. DAY The CAB drives away. 52.
3) 0) text: JIM, holding his envelope, notes that the car is gone. He looks at the STROLLER in the corner, BEACH BAG, other obj recognizable from previous life. He uses a key on the interior door and after getting in disarms the ADT alarm. He looks around the kitchen, the h chair at the table, the washed-up bottles by the sink. He sits down at the table and with a finger turns around the baby’s placemat: it is a brightly colored map of the worl He turns it back to where it was. He goes and looks at the things stuck to the refrigerator baby pictures, but nothing of Jim. He clutches the ENVELO full of money. He continues through the house. He regards the LIVING ROO He opens a door into what used to be his STUDY and sees t the shelves are empty and the BOOKS are half put into car and half stacked on the floor by the door. There is no desk, merely four indents in the carpet where desk legs used to be. He takes that on: he moves along to look into the bedroom crib with a mobile, the baby’s things. He goes along and looks into the other bedroom, and when he switches on the light stands there with head cocked, looking at:
3) 1) text: A man’s boots, a rumpled bed, two water bottles and a win glass on the night stand. He goes into the bathroom and s a leather bag of shaving tackle. Not his. He sorts throug the toilet kit and finds condoms, and, oddly, Rogaine packets. He leans against the wall and stays there, head back, eye closed, holding his crinkling envelope of money. From OFF we hear two car doors slam close. JIM pushes off wall, and heads slowly back towards the kitchen.
3) 3) dialog: Well. We can’t really make anything you could call a plan. I can’t say have him with his hat on at the door on Friday. It’s just not like that. The house is yours. I don’t care what you do in it. He looks at the baby.
3) 4) dialog: Can I pick him up? She looks at him and nods. JIM picks up the baby.
3) 5) dialog: Well, buddy, at least you’re somebody's great-grandson. Exeter, Harvard, and then you’re on your own. My father fucked up. I fucked up. (to wife) When do we tell him that his paternal grandfather shot himself because he was married to my mother?
3) 7) dialog: Well who should be here? Mister Rogaine? This is my child’s house.
3) 9) dialog: There’s a male thing. You have to kind of fight it. It’s this thing called “I don’t want her but you can’t have her.” It’s responsible for quite a few marriages and most anniversaries. So I’m kinda taking that on — that, and that closet full of shitty suits. What is he some kind of salesman? A fucking salesman? 54. Furiously blushing:
3) 12) dialog: I realize you might need some company around here but I’m disturbed at the stepfather idea.
3) 14) dialog: I can’t come home.
3) 16) dialog: Oh, Telemachus here isn’t ready and Ithaca has a new king.
3) 18) dialog: Why's his stuff in here? No, I don't care. (he suddenly attempts to hold her) I’m tired. I’m tired.
3) 20) dialog: (holding her) I always was the golden boy. I very badly needed to fuck up. Do you understand? She just looks at him. He slaps the ENVELOPE in his hands 55.
3) 21) dialog: I also really needed to see some asshole’s suits in the closet. I really did. He looks at the BABY as if it is a complete enigma.
3) 22) dialog: The one you're carrying now. It's not mine, is it. She shakes her head and begins to cry. JIM leaves the kitchen. He stops to kiss the baby on the head.
3) 23) dialog: But you are, buddy. You are.
3) 25) dialog: QUICK SHOT of him putting the ENVELOPE into his metal des drawer and turning the key.
3) 28) dialog: In The Stranger, Camus’ protagonist fires five shots. The sixth shot of the revolver, he is reserving, symbolically, for himself. Noticing that that lack of a sixth shot, which no one else ever had, is why I’m here now. (MORE )
3) 30) dialog: Along with the being really fucking good at English thing.
3) 32) dialog: My idea works better if he has a full six.
3) 34) dialog: That’s because you’re happy.
3) 36) dialog: I’m teaching the Modern Novel.
3) 38) dialog: (to Lamar) It got repossessed. (to class) You know I used to do some journalism and I was sent by a magazine, The New Yorker, as a matter of fact, to interview a famous writer. I put the recorder on the table, I got my pad and pen out, and the great man came in and do you know what I did? I got up and left and I went home and finished a novel instead. Sort of a Frank Sitwell situation... raised.
3) 40) dialog: A major figure in American realism. You know, we really should have gone for American realism. I mean, let's have more fuckin’ realism. I mean, shouldn’t I be teaching you things? I know all you're here for is a sufficiency of English credits, but Jesus if I’m here I ought to be doing better. I ought to be doing better but I can’t be fucked. Just write down that he saves the sixth shot symbolically for himself, and you won’t find it referenced anywhere because I’m the only one who thought of it. It’s in a monograph somewhere that got me into this situation. LAMAR watches: is the teacher cracking up? But then he ge text and looks at it.
3) 41) dialog: Lamar, we talked about the cell phone shit. LAMAR looks up from the screen. And as the bell goes:
3) 42) dialog: Stay after.
3) 44) dialog: Do I have to get ten guys and some weapons, take out a life insurance policy, and try to put that phone up your ass? Because I will. Even if I’m losing my shit in here I need you to pay attention.
3) 46) dialog: Like what. 58.
3) 49) dialog: Maybe I know all about it.
3) 52) dialog: Nope. I just know you can’t write the way you think and so do you.
3) 55) dialog: Trapped by talent. Imagine that. 59.
3) 57) dialog: Is that what I talk about? All or nothing?
3) 59) dialog: Maybe you got me. JIM goes and sits down. Lamar lofts one and sinks it. He comes and sits beside JIM.
3) 61) dialog: I don’t think you’re gonna have any trouble, Lamar.
3) 63) dialog: You have it looked at away from the department?
3) 65) dialog: (to JONES) Work out, don't work out, you're still gonna die. You do know that, right? (to LAMAR) You have my cell. Call me if you want to talk or if you want to tell me what the fuck to do cause I don’t know either. As he passes JONES, who is tightening his laces.
3) 67) dialog: I don’t want to be me, he doesn’t want to be him, but you want to be you. And, on the whole, that bears some serious consideration. JONES stares after him for a minute, then loses interest continues tying his shoes.
3) 70) dialog: So am I. 61. AMY gets in and clears a mess of books and papers and wat bottles off the passenger seat, looking up at JIM cautiou JIM gets in. They look at each other cautiously.
3) 72) dialog: Is today Friday? She nods. They look at each other some more.
3) 73) dialog: You’ve seen me. You know what I do. AMY nods, nervously.
3) 74) dialog: Is it ok if I say that if anybody's gonna change me, that may be possible and it may be you, but it’s not going to be today? AMY nods.
3) 75) dialog: And that's ok with you? AMY nods.
3) 77) dialog: A casino.
4) 0) text: NEAR-DERELICT, NOT GOOD-LOOKING, POOR PEOPLE are feverish gambling at the chump games. Slots. Bingo. 62. JIM, with the stunned AMY by the arm, conducts her past a through MORE GAMBLERS: fucked guys in cowboy hats, ladies with coin buckets and oxygen hoses, fat people in structu wheelchairs, enormously fat freeform waddlers in stretch pants. Jim is jubilant. AMY is having a good time.
4) 2) dialog: That's right. But they’re not. The Man wants you to be in the hospital. AMY laughs.
4) 3) dialog: These people are goddamned Americans making a major stand for freedom of choice. For autonomy. (noting a WALKING FRAME
4) 7) dialog: (rounding on her seriously) This is the inside of my soul, kid: you're taking the grand tour: this is what I've got. AMY is suddenly frightened.
4) 9) dialog: Yeah, well. Maybe not. At least I'm gonna get rid of my mother. They pass on, JIM carrying his SATCHEL.
4) 12) dialog: Far as it goes, buddy.
4) 14) dialog: Save it for the old lady, cowboy. The RANCHERO drinks his longneck, laughing. JIM puts chip and as AMY watches, the game begins.
4) 16) dialog: Yes it is. You a dealer or an investment counselor. A JACK. A deuce. JIM indicates: hit me. He loses. He looks at AMY. Then he holds out the ROOM KEY She takes it. He turns back to the table.
5) 0) text: Move onto a MONTAGE of JIM gambling, at everything, with everything...and end with him seeing the last of it go.
5) 3) dialog: I started with three hundred and twenty-five thousand dollars, but in total I lost about five hundred thousand...I lost track. She can't comprehend it. While she is still trying to process:
5) 4) dialog: Let's go to the desert.
5) 9) dialog: I was in Morocco once and the muzzein was going and the palms... a wind came up and they rattled and I thought, you know, I hope that isn’t god. Because if god existed I couldn’t deal with the humiliation. No one needs that class of competition. (MORE )
5) 11) dialog: Whatever Descartes says, game’s over, if there’s a god. There’s no game if there’s a god. He looks at her. She nods.
5) 12) dialog: Do you know that I’m not a gambler?
5) 13) dialog: Would you know that if you saw me with a needle in my arm that I’m not a junkie?
5) 16) dialog: There's no relative degree of suffering. You want me to talk about my "problems"? My case for them? I won't. I don't like people with problems or the vanity to bring them up. That's where I'm from. I'm like... He realizes it.
5) 17) dialog: ...my mother. (a beat) Whether I'm like my father or not, I couldn't tell you, because she drove him out when I was little. Like I did with... He stands up abruptly. 66.
5) 19) dialog: I need a lot of things. I gotta wipe myself out first. I need to have no past. If I can get to nothing, then I can start.
5) 21) dialog: I did? She nods.
5) 23) dialog: I say lots of things. My main position is that anyone who says they know what life is is full of shit, especially me. And even if I've done you any good, I'm still contaminated, until I'm clean. He gets up and wanders away into the mid-distance, AMY watching him.
6) 0) text: JIM'S DUCT-TAPED CELLPHONE rings. We stay on the PHONE as rings and rings. AMY opens the door and reaches for it.
6) 3) text: ED'S TRICKLING BAG is still filled with bile, but ED hims is unconscious. Mere days have done him in. JIM sits besi his bed in the room. ED comes awake, suddenly: and looks around in wonder. He finally focusses on JIM.
6) 5) dialog: I'm gonna miss you. ED looks at the acoustic tiled ceiling.
6) 7) dialog: I know. I'm sorry.
6) 9) dialog: I'll do the best I can.
6) 11) dialog: I know it. 68. ED extends his hand to shake. JIM takes his grandfather's hand.
6) 21) dialog: I want you to take off like a bat out of hell and take a left on the next street.
6) 23) dialog: Anywhere but my place.
7) 3) dialog: What?
7) 5) dialog: I'm gonna go. He stands up.
7) 6) dialog: I'm going to go now. If I come to your door, then I'll have made it, you'll know I've made it, and everything can start to be all right. If I don't come, then I didn't make it, and what you do with the dead is bury them. She nods.
7) 11) dialog: Why would I be out of the country? NEVILLE slams him up against a wall.
7) 13) dialog: Everybody dies.
7) 15) dialog: No.
7) 17) dialog: I gotta take whatever's coming because I don’t have the money.
7) 19) dialog: I don't have any money. My grandfather's position was that poverty is a character builder. I think he was right. So do you.
7) 21) dialog: No.
7) 23) dialog: Thank you.
7) 27) dialog: We deal with where we are as a matter of fact. What we are is a matter of choice. NEVILLE gets it. There's nothing that Neville doesn't get releases JIM.
7) 29) dialog: No.
7) 31) dialog: Student of mine.
7) 33) dialog: I've seen them. 73.
7) 35) dialog: What’s this got to do with anything?
7) 37) dialog: I couldn't say I know him.
7) 39) dialog: I don’t have his phone number.
7) 46) dialog: JIM pulls down all the shades, stares briefly at the digi flashing on his answering machine, signifying 27 calls. H presses the button on the answering machine.
7) 48) dialog: This is Jim. Look, you're a good guy, but I’m not coming back, and I never should have started. I’m sorry. 75. He hangs up and looks into the empty refrigerator. He ope square Tupperware container, and takes out — a semi-autom pistol. He snaps the action, cocking it, and starts to pu to his head...but then puts it down.
7) 51) dialog: Broad sunlight is shining into Jim’s room. When his eyes he sees: MISTER LEE, sitting in the armchair in the corner.
7) 54) dialog: What's that?
7) 58) dialog: That's my business.
7) 62) dialog: I’m not going to tell you I’1l1 get the money, because I don’t know if I can. I wouldn’t insult you.
7) 64) dialog: I have made...errors. I could tell you I’ve realized that I wish I could turn over a new leaf, that I'll try to, but it doesn’t make any difference, and I’m not going to make any case for myself whatsoever, because there is no case. I have no position. There’s only one thing that matters...You expected your money and I don’t have it. The reasons are irrelevant. There we are. 77.
7) 66) dialog: There's only one way. A gamble. Loan me another hundred thousand. MISTER LEE stares, sitting with his palms on his thighs i shaft of sunlight. He cocks an eyebrow.
7) 67) dialog: It’s how I got in. It’s the only way I’ll get out. MISTER LEE cocks his head. The KOREAN heavies start to laugh, and JIM laughs, too. T he is conducted to the bathroom and his head is plunged i the still-full bath.
7) 70) dialog: That's not how you fucking spell it. He shoulders out of the room.
7) 73) dialog: Anything you don’t want, stack it in the fireplace.
7) 77) dialog: Either I don’t need to know what time it is, or I need money. What do you care?
7) 79) dialog: What you need to do is to come up with an offer, or not.
7) 81) dialog: Look, that’s an Omega. It’s worth more than six thousand brand new, and when you have it, no one will know it isn’t brand new.
7) 83) dialog: We’re not going to fuck around, no no no, don’t talk to me, I don’t want you to name a price any more, and I need you to understand that when I say what I want for it, I am giving you the figure that I will take for it. Do you understand me — no, no, no. No no. Look at me. I will say the price and you will either say yes, or no.
7) 85) dialog: All right. He puts the watch in his pocket.
7) 87) dialog: No. I told you not to say anything but yes or no. You’re wasting my time.
7) 89) dialog: You can’t counter it. When I say my figure, that’s the figure, and you either say yes or no. You got it?
7) 91) dialog: You're not getting it.
7) 93) dialog: You need to understand fully that what I say is not an opening figure. (MORE )
7) 95) dialog: You can say yes or no, you cannot say a lower figure and expect to meet at some point in the middle. Do you understand?
7) 97) dialog: You can’t say another price.
7) 99) dialog: Three thousand five hundred dollars.
7) 104) dialog: Yes you can. THE JEWELER looks confused.
7) 107) dialog: Because you want to go home and sit there chuckling tonight about how you skinned a guy on his watch. You don’t need the watch, you just want the watch. Where the “need” comes in is you needing to fuck me up the ass in order for you to feel all right about yourself.
7) 109) dialog: Thirty-five hundred dollars. Cash.
7) 111) dialog: If I allow you to beat me for five hundred dollars, which you really need to do on some deep personal level, will you just shut up and give me the money in cash?
7) 113) dialog: You can’t say anything else.
7) 115) dialog: You promise.
7) 117) dialog: I need you to promise because you're fucking pathological. THE JEWELER touches his heart. 82.
7) 120) dialog: I‘1l take a check.
7) 123) dialog: Well.
7) 125) dialog: Good. He drinks some of his beer.
7) 126) dialog: I already cashed out my IRA through the credit union. I’m selling my books...I’m selling my house.
7) 128) dialog: Raising money.
7) 130) dialog: To gamble or to run away? JIM looks at her and doesn't answer.
7) 132) dialog: There was a student...just the other day...who said that my problem, if one’s nature is a problem, rather than just problematic, is that I see things in terms of victory or death, and not just victory but total victory. And it’s true: I always have. It’s either victory, or don’t bother. The only thing worth doing is the impossible. Everything else is gray. You’re born...as a man... with the nerves of a soldier, the apprehension of an angel, to lift a phrase, but there is no use for it. Here? Where’s the use for it? You're set up to be a philosopher or a king or Shakespeare, and this is all they give you? This? Twenty- odd years of school which is all instruction in how to be ordinary ...or they’1l fucking kill you, they fucking will, and then it's a career, which is not the same thing as existence... I want unlimited things. I want everything. A real love. A real house. A real thing to do...every day. I'd rather die if I don't get it.
7) 136) dialog: Gotta raise some money somewhere.
7) 138) dialog: Sold my watch.
7) 146) dialog: That’s my problem. HEAVY ONE rummages for water behind the bar.
7) 148) dialog: Doesn’t matter. 86. JIM catches a flipped water.
7) 153) dialog: What’s that?
7) 155) dialog: I don’t know anything.
7) 157) dialog: If you have a source you know he didn't give me anything.
7) 159) dialog: All of it forever or just what I owe you.
7) 161) dialog: If that were true we’re not talking money any more, and you better kill me, because my only option then, because I’m not the world’s stupidest white asshole, would be to kill you. I want to pay you off, not to be married to you.
7) 163) dialog: Then I can deal with that.
7) 165) dialog: He didn't front me any.
7) 167) dialog: Your information's wrong.
7) 169) dialog: Well. What if I told you I quit my job and I’m going to write a novel.
7) 171) dialog: With the advance and royalties, seventeen thousand dollars all in. 88.
7) 173) dialog: I got all I could get.
7) 175) dialog: My family didn’t make their money because they pays up easy.
7) 177) dialog: I’m not a magician.
7) 179) dialog: What?
7) 182) dialog: Did he say it just like that?
7) 184) dialog: Lamar’s a good kid, he doesn’t need any of this shit.
7) 186) dialog: No, I didn’t. I gave you a fake one. I made it up.
7) 189) dialog: (bleakly) Yeah he does.
7) 195) dialog: Well now, however it happened, now you're the Shakespeare guy. Road’s open, brother. I hope you seriously give a fuck because I don’t and it would be nice to think that someone did. Be all that you can be and have a nice day.
7) 200) dialog: No, he was just finishing up saying that he wishes I was dead.
7) 202) dialog: Sit down. LAMAR does. JIM can’t speak to him yet. LAMAR looks at Ji
7) 204) dialog: A little while ago you came to me for advice about turning pro. I know it’s about your knee. I know you have a feeling you have to put money in the bank.
7) 208) dialog: How'd you like to make two hundred and fifty thousand dollars in two hours?
7) 210) dialog: Throwing a game. You can’t beat Michigan by more than seven points. LAMAR takes that on.
7) 213) dialog: It doesn’t matter.
7) 215) dialog: That’s the way it works. JIM reaches beneath his desk and brings up a SPORTS BAG. puts it on the desk. LAMAR looks into it.
7) 217) dialog: I needed it. They’1l fuck you up if you need it, too. You gotta deliver. 93. LAMAR holds the bag.
7) 219) dialog: That’s up to you. LAMAR takes the bag.
7) 224) dialog: Well all right.
7) 228) dialog: Whatever happened it already happened and it won’t happen again.
7) 230) dialog: I think I am. JONES is there:
7) 232) dialog: Yes. Very nice, thank you.
7) 234) dialog: I could sorta tell that, Larry, thank you anyway.
7) 236) dialog: I’m getting out of here as fast as I can and as everybody and their aunt is eyeballing me right now it might be better if you weren’t chasing along as if you’re my wife, unless you want to be, in which case I don’t mind.
7) 238) dialog: I tell the truth. That's all I got. That first sight thing really works. I want you to stop looking concerned, I want you to stop walking with me, and I want you to shake my hand, and let me say goodbye to you. She looks She holds He surges
7) 241) dialog: You’ve got months to go here and you don’t need the trouble. Hold out your hand and say goodbye. out her hand.
7) 242) dialog: Goodbye, Ms Phillips. Good luck.
7) 244) dialog: Goodbye. on.
7) 258) dialog: What’s the difference right now? 97.
7) 260) dialog: I’ve been up two and a half million dollars.
7) 262) dialog: Nothing.
7) 264) dialog: Nothing.
7) 266) dialog: Yes.
7) 268) text: JIM waits 98.
7) 273) dialog: I'll have a beer. Just like anybody else.
7) 275) dialog: Any kind.
7) 279) dialog: How else do I get out?
7) 281) dialog: It’s been to Mexico many times.
7) 284) dialog: It’s watching other guys do things.
7) 287) dialog: None taken. I was at Harvard but I have also been in Cleveland. Neither experience was definitive.
7) 291) dialog: I understand.
7) 293) dialog: What’s this?
7) 295) dialog: Fuck you.
7) 297) dialog: Dexter? I need you to not give my mother her lesson tomorrow.
7) 300) dialog: Good. You like Las Vegas? Get a pen, I'm gonna give you an address to meet me at. I've got a job for you. No I'm not gonna fucking text it, get a pen. He slams the trunk on the BAG OF MONEY.
7) 303) dialog: I don’t have any money. The KOREAN punches him twice, brutally, and lets him fall MISTER LEE sits fastidiously in his chair, palms on thigh feet together. He watches JIM crawl.
7) 305) dialog: I didn’t make promises.
7) 307) dialog: I can’t.
7) 309) dialog: I didn’t. The BIG KOREAN kicks him. JIM lies on the floor.
7) 311) dialog: I told you before. You need to gamble. Stake me. MISTER LEE stares at him as if he is a limitless curiosit And as MISTER LEE contemplates his own gamble.... And we:
8) 8) dialog: How's Vegas? He listens.
8) 9) dialog: Right.
8) 13) dialog: So are we square? NEVILLE looks hesitant: clever.
8) 15) dialog: I'd tell you to kill me.
8) 17) dialog: Don’t want one.
8) 19) dialog: Yeah I did.
8) 21) dialog: What’s that?
8) 23) text: DEXTER, in Vegas, handing over the very recognizable DUFF OF CASH that Jim got from Frank.
8) 24) dialog: No idea.
8) 26) dialog: No. NEVILLE takes this on: blows smoke into his glass: drinks
8) 29) dialog: I know.
8) 32) dialog: I’m gonna tell you that I’m not going to do you the discourtesy of assuming what you’re thinking, but I know you’re going to do the right thing.
8) 34) dialog: Because that’s what you do. That’s what you are. You do the right thing. NEVILLE doesn't want to wear that halo.
8) 37) dialog: Borrowed it from Frank.
8) 39) dialog: Ask him.
8) 41) dialog: Then you'll find out that I did. NEVILLE LOOKS at the MONEY and then up at JIM. He knows exactly what JIM did and JIM knows that NEVILLE knows. Finally NEVILLE puts the envelope in his coat and holds o his hand.
8) 47) dialog: Open it, and take out fifty grand. That's yours. DEXTER doesn't move.
8) 49) dialog: That's why I picked you. Do what you like. JIM looks out the window as a car passes slowly.
8) 50) dialog: It’s time to get away from me, Dexter. Far, far, away.
8) 52) dialog: Frank, it’s Jim. I’ve got your money. No, I can’t go there. The thing is, you have to meet me. Koreatown. The place, you know the place, right? INTERCUT FRANK in the schvitz.
8) 54) dialog: That’s the only place I’1l meet you.
8) 56) dialog: I have all your money plus all Mister Lee's money. I have all the money to pay everything I owe to everybody.
8) 58) dialog: We’ve had that discussion and I understand your point, but you gotta meet me there.
8) 66) dialog: I know that.
8) 69) dialog: I know that. FRANK and BIG ERNIE have entered. They see JIM in the roo standing with MISTER LEE, and instead of approaching (FRA looks worried), they move to the BAR, from which they can observe JIM. 111. JIM is very aware of them: very aware too of Mister Lee’s HEAVIES.
8) 71) dialog: I know that. That’s why we’re here. I told you we were going to gamble, right? They stare at each other.
8) 73) dialog: Yes.
8) 75) dialog: No.
8) 78) dialog: No, I'm going to play.
8) 80) dialog: Everything.
8) 82) dialog: It’s the only way I'll do it. You can't take the money off me in here, and neither can he. 112. JIM indicates FRANK, and is now watching the ROULETTE WHE The ball doing its thing.
8) 83) dialog: Red or black, all or nothing. All the money down. That’s all I’1l do.
8) 85) dialog: Exactly. Is the table clean?
8) 87) dialog: They'll take a very sizeable bet?
8) 89) dialog: Good.
8) 92) dialog: All on black. THE CROUPIER spins the wheel. The ball goes into the whee JIM closes his eyes and listens to the clatter of the bal IMAGES cascade through his mind: the DESERT SUNRISE, AMY the desert, his child staring at him from a basin in the delivery room, his mother, himself leaning in a balcony doorway and looking out over a foreign city on the best morning of his life, an image of a typewriter, with a bla page, on which we PUSH IN. We are on his face, covered with sweat, when the clatter the ball stops. There is nothing but silence from the Kor spectators. JIM opens his eyes and sees: THE BALL LYING IN BLACK. JIM turns immediately from the table and begins walking o of the establishment: out of everything. FRANK is staring. THE OWNER of the ESTABLISHMENT is standing right in front him. JIM walks up to him.
8) 93) dialog: I was playing for Mister Lee, and for that gentleman over there. He points at FRANK who stands there stunned.
8) 94) dialog: I’m not actually a gambler. Everyone watches as he crosses the room, and goes to the door, and is let through by Koreans. 114.
8) 97) dialog: No, I‘1l walk. I feel like walking.
8) 99) dialog: Not a fucking cent, brother.
8) 101) dialog: Yes it is.
8) 103) dialog: Fuck you.