3) 31) dialog: Maybe the dude had the hammer down on an empty chamber or it was a weird French piece that only took five.
3) 33) dialog: I don’t understand suicide. JIM seizes on this. Really? Really? A hand is
3) 35) dialog: What are you?
3) 37) dialog: You got the new Ml. How you unhappy?
3) 45) dialog: You're not the only one losing his shit. I have stuff going on at home, home things.
3) 47) dialog: I was gonna talk to you anyway. I can’t talk to anybody over there. Gestures vaguely at the invisible Athletic Department.
3) 48) dialog: Because all they say is what keeps me in line for what they want me to be. Which is “Lamar” and I don’t want to be “Lamar”. I done all that just want to be a fuckin’ dude in the universe. Or do more than being “Lamar”. Do you follow me?
3) 50) dialog: Fuckin’ coach don’t know it, but there is more than being “Lamar”. I stick with this shit I’1l go out of my mind, be one of those brothers talks about himself in the third person. Talk about how Lamar Hampton is at ease with his celebrity. JIM smiles. A beat.
3) 51) dialog: You think I’m stupid?
3) 53) dialog: Yeah. I'm thinking about the voice recognition.
3) 54) dialog: You know I can't be anything else cause they got me in a box where they want me.
3) 56) dialog: You know with you it's all existential situations and shit no matter what you start talking about. No matter what you start talking about you come around to be free or not free. How to be yourself or just fuckin’ kill yourself.
3) 58) dialog: I never heard you talk about anything else and I had four classes with you.
3) 60) dialog: I need to go pro.
3) 62) dialog: I don’t mean later, I mean now. I already got a knee. Nobody knows about it cause I don’t say anything but I already got a knee. I’m not gonna tell you my mom needs an operation or my little sister got spina bifida, and I’m not gonna tell you I don’t already revenue up within the system, but I’m telling you I got a knee. I got a knee, I’m a junior, and whenever I say I don’t want to play college ball my senior year nobody listens to me, it’s like I’m speaking fucking Chinese on another fuckin planet, and the agent tells me I don’t have the market value I will have if I play out my senior year, but what he doesn’t know, is that I have a knee. 60.
3) 64) dialog: Yeah. JONES comes in, arriving with some other faculty to play hoops. He pauses interrogatively.
7) 199) dialog: Did I come in at the wrong time?
7) 203) dialog: What happened to your face, man?
7) 205) dialog: I do, man. I’m afraid every day that the knee will go. (MORE )
7) 207) dialog: I'm afraid every day anyone will even notice it, because then I get...
7) 209) dialog: Depends on what you have in mind.
7) 211) dialog: Well that’s not throwing a game. That’s winning by less than eight. That’s not throwing a game. Who wants me to do it? JIM points to his eye.
7) 212) dialog: What they got on you?
7) 214) dialog: I don’t want to talk to nobody; I don’t want to see nobody; I don’t want to hear no names. I’1l take the money from you - and I'll take it up front.
7) 216) dialog: They fucked you up? They didn’t need to fuck you up. I’d have done it.
7) 218) dialog: I bet you wish I don’t take this.
7) 220) dialog: I’m not gonna be immortal in this game. Pretty soon I’m just gonna be a real fuckin’ tall dyslexic guy selling fuckin’ Buicks. I’m gonna take what I can get. JIM nods.
7) 221) dialog: I take this bag I get you out of trouble? JIM nods.
7) 222) dialog: That’s the other reason to do it. He stands up. At the door he says:
7) 223) dialog: This is nothing on you. I done it before. I need you to know that. JIM nods. LAMAR goes. JIM slowly unwraps the package given to him by the asshol behalf of the department. Inside is a small statue: a representation of a bird: ideogrammatically, Freedom itse