0) 5) text: I’ve got a lucky face. THE VALET stares, authority challenged, flummoxed, as JIM, with a glance back, goes up the steep stairs under flaring torches. In the undergrowth we see (and JIM sees) that a FOR SALE has been toppled over, and badly hidden. After following JIM briefly through the gardens, over the brick paths, and past big SECURITY MEN (multi-ethnic), on whom nods as JIM appears, we go to JIM'S POV to enter the house, to move through the packed rooms. There is a girl inside with a GUEST LIST. She know him, makes a mark. The rooms, done up around the edges as a temporary bottle service gambling club, are full of serious gamblers. Agai mostly Asian, but with some serious casuals, a few hip- hoppers. It’s a catered affair. The same sort of casually employed actors and models and students that move around drinks and food on trays at any party in Hollywood. JIM moves through the rooms, noting... TABLE AFTER TABLE, all of them in heavy play, by very hea gamblers. Through a door, apart, we see a POKER GAME going on, heav hitters. JIM moves on, observing everything, ready for anything, looking for what he needs, the game he needs. A STUDENT-WAITRESS (AMY), for a moment, might be it: but after making serious eye contact, and a moment in which J and AMY register each other without affect, and he shakes head very slightly to reject either a canape or something much more complicated, she moves on through the crowd. He keeps moving. She keeps moving. They seem to know each other from another context, and it rattled Jim, to see her here. Near the MONEY changing hands at an improvised CAISSE, wh a woman in specs trades colored plaques for cash in the A casino manner, KOREAN HEAVIES stand guard, earpieced, arm (The security guys outside are any security guys: the inn sanctum is Korean). JIM goes to the caisse table, reaches into his coat, and pulls out ten thousand-odd dollars in a wrapper. He waits watches, as His MONEY is counted... And as... THE PLAQUES are shoved across. As JIM gathers up the plaques and puts them in his coat, notices an older, tough, grave, civil, unreadable Korean MISTER LEE, looking at him carefully.
0) 6) dialog: You do better tonight. JIM nods.
0) 11) text: (to uncertain, sweating dealer) Mister Lee can cover a lot more than that, buddy. (a beat) You must be new. MISTER LEE again has to nod his approval. The sweating DEALER deals. JIM is given a card down and a 2 showing. The DEALER has queen showing. JIM looks at him again, briefly; then flip his down card, sees a 7, and tucks it under his 2. After catching the eye of the passing...
1) 0) text: AMY looks briefly out through the window at the oblivious JIM, concerned, intrigued, and then moves on with her TRA CANAPES. JIM puts the plate on the terrace rail and starts to wolf food. As we come around, MISTER LEE materializes behind him.
1) 1) dialog: Your luck is no good these days. JIM brasses this out:
1) 3) dialog: You came in with ten thousand in cash. I don't know where you got it.
1) 5) dialog: Wherever you got it, you didn't give it to me.
1) 7) dialog: Why not?
1) 9) dialog: You have a family? A wife? Children? JIM shakes his head “no”. (Though this is a lie and a tru simultaneously). MISTER LEE looks as if this explains ple which it may well do. (Though it doesn’t). JIM stares out over the canyon, comes to an abrupt, brass-balled decisio
1) 11) dialog: You owe a lot of money.
1) 14) dialog: Some people find impossibility to pay a relief. Their lives...are out of their hands. (closer, as on Feisal in Lawrence) I think you may be one of those people. JIM takes it on. Maybe what Mister Lee said is what he’s after — maybe it isn’t. TWO BIG KOREANS (the key ones, intelligent muscle) are now with MISTER LEE.
1) 15) dialog: But all this...is starting to be over. JIM looks at him.
1) 16) dialog: Get me my money. MISTER LEE walks away, his MUSCLE following. JIM leans back with his elbows on the rail, stretching hi back, looking at the stars, and then looks over and sees:
7) 52) dialog: What are we to do? A BIG KOREAN stands in the doorway. He is in the final ac disassembling JIM’S GUN. He tosses the pieces one by one the bedspread.
7) 53) dialog: Human weakness...is not something I discourage. How could I? I run gambling establishments. I loan money. I serve liquor in twenty- seven restaurants and bars. I make my living from people ina condition of sickness or stupidity — but also I have revenues from many intelligent people who should know better. This is not my problem. But there is one thing I must hold on to.
7) 55) dialog: I have to expect that a person wants to live and will do anything to live. (MORE )
7) 57) dialog: Nothing makes sense if this is not the case. Do you want to live? MISTER LEE is clicking JIM'S LIGHTER.
7) 59) dialog: I have not been in debt for many years but I remember the feeling. To be obligated, unbalanced in one's thoughts, insecure, unclean. And I felt like that when I merely had credit card debt and a mortgage. Nothing like you. JIM takes this all on without comment.
7) 60) dialog: I think you want to hurt yourself, but make others do it for you. JIM can’t answer. He looks at the HUGE KOREAN, who is sta at him.
7) 61) dialog: I come to see you myself because you're an interesting man. An educated man. Ordinarily, my associates would come without me.
7) 63) dialog: Thank you.
7) 65) dialog: How am I to collect?
7) 302) dialog: Where is my money?
7) 304) dialog: Debt. It’s terrible. You make promises. Impossible. JIM sits back against the wall. 102.
7) 306) dialog: You will.
7) 308) dialog: Why did you see Frank?
7) 310) dialog: What can I do with you? JIM sits up and says:
8) 64) dialog: You have my money? JIM looks at him.
8) 65) dialog: If you have the money, I advise you not to play. It's all over.
8) 67) dialog: My partner is in the corner. JIM looks, not wanting to. The PARTNER is a big Korean, having his meat cut for him by a bottle girl. He is merel businessman...except for the security with folded arms. J looks back at Mister Lee and then at the TABLES.
8) 68) dialog: If you lose, the money does not go to me.
8) 70) dialog: I cannot take money off you by force in here.
8) 72) dialog: You have enough money to pay me?
8) 74) dialog: You must come outside.
8) 76) dialog: You owe Frank, also. JIM nods.
8) 77) dialog: You are going to pay?
8) 79) dialog: What are you going to play? A long beat.
8) 81) dialog: You can’t.
8) 84) dialog: If you lose, you will not leave here alive. I can’t allow it.
8) 86) dialog: This is not my establishment. This is terrifying: but JIM is committed.
8) 88) dialog: That is what this establishment is for.
8) 90) dialog: Let me have my money. JIM surges forward. BIG ERNIE intercepts him.