0) 15) dialog: I hope you paid your rent, homes. JIM looks at him, perfectly capable of either glassing h walking away.
0) 17) dialog: You got a problem, an issue of some kind?
0) 21) dialog: See you outside, motherfucker. JIM turns back and spreads his arms.
0) 23) dialog: Not like you.
0) 25) text: You want to fuck around or do you want to cut cards for 500? NEVILLE looks at him, at the raised 500 PLAQUE.
0) 26) dialog: I put ten grand against your five hundred. Is that gambler enough for you?
0) 28) dialog: It’s an unequal general situation. JIM appreciates that.
0) 31) dialog: I thought you wanted my business card. The deck is reshuffled and JIM cuts, revealing, and takin to look at, a JACK OF HEARTS. AMY is watching. JIM looks at her: and then looks down. She turns away. JIM tosses the card on the table and holds out the 500 marker.
0) 33) dialog: I seen you around. I think you like to lose.
0) 35) dialog: (over his shoulder) You need a stake? JIM turns.
0) 38) dialog: Then you know everything. He sips his drink and loses interest. JIM moves away, now broke. (KOREANS watching him, one KOR aside talking to MISTER LEE). He goes to a SIDEBOARD load with BUFFET FOOD, and realizes he’s famished. He loads a plate, loads it, and carries it out onto the terrace.
1) 17) text: NEVILLE now on the terrace, lying back in a deck chair, smoking a COHIBA, his boys seated in shadow nearby.
1) 20) dialog: At twenty points.
1) 22) dialog: (to associate) Give him fifty grand. (to JIM) Make sure my man has your, ah, digits, and so forth. A DESIGNER LEATHER BAG is dug into. JIM takes CASH, in te grand bundles, and goes over to the surprised MISTER LEE. shows the money.
1) 24) dialog: Bonne chance.
1) 26) dialog: Sit down.
1) 39) dialog: Red's been coming up all night.
1) 41) dialog: No.
1) 43) dialog: Because you’1ll either lose and you're mine for talking shit about my headgear, or either I want to just watch the show.
1) 45) dialog: Yeah.
1) 47) dialog: Not in that business, brother. 13.
1) 51) dialog: That's at twenty points, too. JIM folds away the money. He looks at NEVILLE. He looks a MISTER LEE. Then he goes, pushing his way through the cro as those people look after him who still have the interes do so.
2) 78) dialog: I’m reading your book. And he is: INTERCUT NEVILLE lying on an Empire daybed in a fantastic boudoir. 40.
2) 80) dialog: It’s not bad.
2) 82) dialog: It’s an indie if anything.
2) 84) dialog: I hear you went to Little Frank for money and that he wouldn’t loan it to you.
2) 86) dialog: You didn’t like the terms? And this, as we come around on Jim, is Jim’s shred of hop himself, however casually he says it:
2) 88) dialog: But you’re into me. I ain’t Fannie Mae. Ain’t no bailouts.
2) 90) dialog: A gamble between two players who like to play. You and me. Stakes high. You know the time frame. Tick tick tock. (MORE )
2) 92) dialog: This could be good for you, brother, as a man who needs to come to his senses, but either way, you owe me. Peace out. JIM hangs up, sits for a while, and then dials a number.
7) 9) dialog: Let's take a walk. They do so, and the three Bentleys follow at cortege spee along the curb. TWO BODYGUARDS walk behind NEVILLE and JI scanning everywhere.
7) 10) dialog: My man over there said you 91l1'd your Old California mega-family and was out of the country.
7) 12) dialog: So you don’t die. 71.
7) 14) dialog: You're not afraid of dying of something other than natural causes?
7) 16) dialog: What about very severe fuckin’ discomfort. You afraid of that?
7) 18) dialog: Your grandfather pops and you don’t have any money?
7) 20) dialog: Never mind what I think philosophically! That's none of your business! (exasperated, as Jim smiles) Not even “I‘’1l have it”? You just say “no”? You pay the Korean any of his?
7) 22) dialog: Sorry about the old man. The grandfather. He was a serious motherfucker and I admire him for leaving you in this situation.
7) 24) dialog: Of course you didn't run. There's no fuckin' terra incognita. (MORE )
7) 26) dialog: In the old days a white man in your situation would come to America and if things got hot in America, in the old West days you'd go somewhere else and be someone else. Become Bob Smith, shoe horses in East Asshole, start a new family, no one gives a shit. These days we're all stuck with being who we are and where we are forever. No new world except maybe in the stars when we're all dead. So we deal with where we are and what we are.
7) 28) dialog: You know Lamar Hampton?
7) 30) dialog: Don’t fuck with me.
7) 32) dialog: Thing about Lamar is he’s from white people land. Grew up in the goddamned Valley. He has a uncle though who is deep in the old neighborhood, in truth defines the neighborhood, in the sense that he's in deep trouble one way or another all the time — much like yourself, but not so volitionally — and if I may say so talks a lot of shit about Lamar, because you see, he’s a lost soul, the uncle, one of America’s poor. You know about America's poor?
7) 34) dialog: He's also stupid as a bag of fuckin’ hammers, and Lamar, you see, is the ship he expects to come in. If a man is in having his leg broke and he says "my nephew is Lamar Hampton who is going pro", maybe he does not have his leg broke.
7) 36) dialog: You know what it’s got to do with everything. How much you know Lamar?
7) 38) dialog: You know his phone number? Cause his uncle don’t. His uncle don’t even know his own sister’s phone number or exactly where she lives. That's how much they admire the uncle.
7) 40) dialog: I never had a professor didn’t have my phone number or couldn’t get it. ON JIM as we
7) 152) dialog: You gave me the wrong number for Lamar. That is fuckin’ feeble. Do you know what I also know?
7) 154) dialog: Do you think all Koreans are all Korean and shit and don’t communicate with the American Negro?
7) 156) dialog: I hear that you asked Mister Lee to stake you out of your situation. That he give you enough to have another shot at the title of the world’s stupidest asshole. By the way, you are not to say anything to Mister Lee about the information I have, lest he speculate about the source.
7) 158) dialog: You do know that all of your money is mine. 87.
7) 160) dialog: Don’t be ridiculous. All of it forever.
7) 162) dialog: All right, all right, I only want my money.
7) 164) dialog: You're going to tell me how you're gonna make good on your debt right now. Gimme Lee's money.
7) 166) dialog: Fuck you.
7) 168) dialog: How you gonna pay me?
7) 170) dialog: Yeah, what the first one make?
7) 172) dialog: Fuck me. For one of the better reviewed first novels of 2007? I think we have to make some other arrangements. The culture evidently has. Let's talk cash first and other business later. You can’t get cash from your family?
7) 174) dialog: Could I get cash from your family if I sent you down to Mexico — whoops, I don’t know what happened to him — and had my friend Valerio send them your dick?
7) 176) dialog: Well that’s apparently genetic. Genetics is a cruel fuckin’ mistress. Would you come up with any money if I lit this cigar and put it out on your eyeball?
7) 178) dialog: If you didn’t think you was fuckin’ magic occasionally you wouldn’t be in the Africa Membership Club sitting there with a bottle of Fiji water owing me almost two hundred thousand dollars. Guess what?
7) 180) dialog: I already asked your mother. He sits down, affably.
7) 181) dialog: You see, my lawyer went to her lawyer, and her lawyer came back to my lawyer and said “Fuck you”. 89.
7) 183) dialog: As a matter of fact he did. I’m gonna need the equity in your house. We'll paper it right. As a sale. But that means I have to take over the fuckin’ mortgage and get some goddamned vice-president of animation or some other cocksucker to rent it and I don’t like that shit. But you gotta make the turnip bleed from whatever hole it’s got. (a beat) Now Lamar, who you gave me the wrong phone number for...
7) 185) dialog: You’re not gonna say you made a mistake with the number?
7) 187) dialog: Well Mister Jones here is gonna give you a real one. HEAVY TWO punches JIM and knocks him out of the chair. Th skin is split by Jim’s left eye-socket. He pushes himself off the floor, and stands.
7) 188) dialog: That’s the last time you lie to me. Lamar don’t need your help. Every man has to go it alone. Lamar has to make his choice. Let him make it. But I’m not going to call him now. It would merely confuse the issue. You’re gonna get me Lamar. It will be more than an introduction. I don’t want an introduction any more. I want Lamar doing what I need him to do without him ever seeing my face. Deniability is where it’s at. I hear Lamar is all Hamlet and shit because he wants to go pro. 90.
7) 190) dialog: I need Lamar, and I need him before they play Michigan tomorrow at home. They're running eight points on Michigan. You tell Lamar if he wants he can win by seven - no more. But you get him for tomorrow. Or I‘1ll kill every member of your family and show you the pictures before I kill you. Can I consider you incentivized? JIM stares at him.
8) 0) text: NEVILLE and POSSE are watching on TV.
8) 11) dialog: Your boy delivered. JIM nods.
8) 12) dialog: You delivered. You know how rare that is? A man delivers? You get so used to every motherfucker not delivering that when one does, you wanna cry. 105.
8) 14) dialog: What if I told you you keep your job at the university forever and you make sure you teach English 101 to a lot of tall brothers.
8) 16) dialog: I get it. Have a drink.
8) 18) dialog: You got your face fucked up by Koreans.
8) 20) dialog: That's just valedictory, man. You're just moving on to the next phase of bullshit. You know what the only trouble is with the game tonight?
8) 22) dialog: Someone else bet a seven point spread, with a lot of fuckin' money, in Vegas. Now, would you know who that was? JIM shakes his head.
8) 27) dialog: What’s your life plans? JIM shrugs.
8) 28) dialog: Make part of it never seeing me again. I don’t need you, brother. I have Lamar, forever. He’s going pro, not doing his junior year.
8) 30) dialog: You think I want you out there knowing that? Gestures over at the MONEY being counted.
8) 31) dialog: Knowing this?
8) 33) dialog: Why’s that?
8) 35) dialog: Why am I so fuckin' transparent. JIM gets up. 107.
8) 36) dialog: Odds still not in favor of you getting out of the other mess you're in, but you’re done with me. We’re square. Where you get it?
8) 38) dialog: Fuck you you did.
8) 40) dialog: I will ask him.
8) 42) dialog: That Lamar was crooked anyway. Everybody's ready to be bent, or ready to be straight. Personally I’m ready to be straight. Get myself a avocado farm or a winery. I do what I have to do but I’m not a huge fan of low company. A man can transform his shit. JIM starts to go.
8) 43) dialog: Brother. JIM stops, turns around.
8) 44) dialog: If I find out you suddenly paid Frank back in any sort of mystery fuckin’ situation, then I know what you did. And nothing changes. JIM nods, and goes. 108.