1) 157) dialog: I‘1l never beat you, Mister Dexter, but if you ever give me a point again, I'll fire you. DEXTER, barely sweating, grins and gets it.
1) 158) dialog: Good luck in the finals.
1) 160) dialog: So. Why do you need fifty thousand dollars? JIM looks away, not answering.
1) 161) dialog: I already sent off a sum of money to your wife, who hasn’t seen you for two months.
1) 164) dialog: I've never claimed to like her, but she needs to effect a legal separation, if you’re going to go on as you are.
1) 168) dialog: That's sophistical and beneath you, which you know as well as I do. I think you would agree that modifications in your behavior are possible.
1) 170) dialog: I know you’re in some sort of...state. I even might know it’s quasi-suicidal. I imagine it’s connected to what happened to your book. You’re not narcissistic enough to be putting on a show. You’re not an adolescent, you're not sick in any way, and we don’t even need to say that you’re far from stupid. You’re my son, but you need to understand very clearly that I’ve said goodbye before to people that I love.
1) 172) dialog: I've said goodbye to people many, many times. And so has every person on earth who lives an orderly and sanitary life.
1) 174) dialog: I don’t want to understand the nature of your problem. I just want you not to have it. (a beat) Do you know why you’re looking at me like that? Because I just said what you would say to someone else. He cops to it.
1) 175) dialog: Any money from me from now on goes directly to your wife. If I hear that you have ever touched a dime of it, there won’t be any more. Even for them. And if you don’t stop gambling, I’1ll cut them off. Don't come here for money ever again.
2) 99) text: A YOUNGER JIM than the boy in the pool, sitting on a YOUN ED'S lap and "driving" a big vintage Bentley car round an round the driveway at what is now Roberta's house. JIM surfaces as ED grabs his steward by the white-coated ED (CONT’D) This is my grandson, Jim.
2) 132) dialog: You always said you lost interest in sports after you stopped playing them.
2) 135) dialog: You have money on this game? JIM doesn’t answer. He looks back at the screen. LAMAR si a three-pointer.
2) 137) dialog: Is he good at English? JIM thinks, weighs it, and then says: 47.
2) 139) dialog: Do you really want to be a man who goes to his mother to cover gambling debts? JIM thinks about it. He's in, if he plays it right.
2) 140) dialog: That you don’t want to live with your wife, I accept. You never should have married her. Why did you?
2) 142) dialog: How bad is the trouble you're in.
2) 144) dialog: I mean: do you still need the money?
2) 146) dialog: I don’t know when to believe you anymore. (a beat) Perhaps I should believe the gangster that called my house. JIM after a complex look at his mother reaches for a pad paper and writes on it and folds it and hands it to her.
2) 147) dialog: What’s this?
2) 149) dialog: (trembling with rage; getting up) How is that possible? 48.
2) 151) dialog: Marriage is in the real world. It’s not a game of chance.
2) 153) dialog: What will they do to you if you don’t pay? at her.
2) 155) dialog: This isn't something you can't help. You're doing it on purpose.
2) 157) dialog: Are you degraded enough to go to the bank with your mother?
2) 159) dialog: I wish to withdraw three hundred and twenty-five thousand dollars in cash.
2) 161) dialog: I wish to withdraw three hundred and twenty-five thousand dollars in cash. THE BANKER looks from ROBERTA to JIM and back to ROBERTA.
2) 163) dialog: Nothing’s “all right” when someone needs that sort of money in cash, but it’s my money and it’s none of your business.
2) 165) dialog: This is my son. THE BANKER takes this on.
2) 168) dialog: The money’s mine, there’s plenty of it, and please don’t tell me even once that your bullshit is for my own protection. That is understood. You have a withdrawal slip, you have my ID, I have sufficient funds, my family has been with this bank since my father started it and I need three hundred and twenty- five thousand dollars in cash. THE BANKER goes onto her computer.
2) 170) dialog: Cash.
2) 172) dialog: (face burning) Do what you have to do.
2) 174) dialog: This is the last of it, forever. JIM is looking around at the city, as if he's not really there. JIM nods. JIM looks
2) 175) dialog: If I ever have to feel the effect of your problems again, be they made up or real, or pay the consequences of your foolishness. I will never see you again. Do you understand that.
2) 176) dialog: (shouting) I need you to really...fucking.. understand that. And I need you to feel like something not even human when you take this envelope. Am I just a barking dog in a silent film? What the fuck am I to you? at her.
2) 177) dialog: Do you even give a damn or do you just want to take the money. Do you want to just take the money and go? Even if I say goodbye to you and consider it cheap to be rid of you?