0) 0) text: A modern house, packed with dark-clad figures, clings to edge of a precipice. Its lights are blurred in the sort o fog that Angelenos call a marine layer. In the road that curves past and below the house, VALETS silently taking and parking (driving off to park) expensi cars. Valets in their white shirt-fronts are running up a down the road. The people going up to the house do not seem to be party- goers: they are all male, mostly grave, primarily Asian businessmen. A fogged view of the valet area is revealed by a sudden s of WIPERS. We reverse to see: A BMW 1 series, the 1M, the orange killer, standing pulle over against the curb, under a spray of somebody's bougainvillea. The car is idling. It contains only the driver.
0) 3) dialog: You bring car here.
0) 5) text: I’ve got a lucky face. THE VALET stares, authority challenged, flummoxed, as JIM, with a glance back, goes up the steep stairs under flaring torches. In the undergrowth we see (and JIM sees) that a FOR SALE has been toppled over, and badly hidden. After following JIM briefly through the gardens, over the brick paths, and past big SECURITY MEN (multi-ethnic), on whom nods as JIM appears, we go to JIM'S POV to enter the house, to move through the packed rooms. There is a girl inside with a GUEST LIST. She know him, makes a mark. The rooms, done up around the edges as a temporary bottle service gambling club, are full of serious gamblers. Agai mostly Asian, but with some serious casuals, a few hip- hoppers. It’s a catered affair. The same sort of casually employed actors and models and students that move around drinks and food on trays at any party in Hollywood. JIM moves through the rooms, noting... TABLE AFTER TABLE, all of them in heavy play, by very hea gamblers. Through a door, apart, we see a POKER GAME going on, heav hitters. JIM moves on, observing everything, ready for anything, looking for what he needs, the game he needs. A STUDENT-WAITRESS (AMY), for a moment, might be it: but after making serious eye contact, and a moment in which J and AMY register each other without affect, and he shakes head very slightly to reject either a canape or something much more complicated, she moves on through the crowd. He keeps moving. She keeps moving. They seem to know each other from another context, and it rattled Jim, to see her here. Near the MONEY changing hands at an improvised CAISSE, wh a woman in specs trades colored plaques for cash in the A casino manner, KOREAN HEAVIES stand guard, earpieced, arm (The security guys outside are any security guys: the inn sanctum is Korean). JIM goes to the caisse table, reaches into his coat, and pulls out ten thousand-odd dollars in a wrapper. He waits watches, as His MONEY is counted... And as... THE PLAQUES are shoved across. As JIM gathers up the plaques and puts them in his coat, notices an older, tough, grave, civil, unreadable Korean MISTER LEE, looking at him carefully.