0) 0) text: wine-red through Indian grass; a distant man-on- horseback crossing a stream, a lark in the grass - fussing about its nest fat with eggs; wildflowers, gentian and blazing-star. A hawk slowly circles over a rabbit as it scampers, pauses, sniffs, scampers, sensing some unseen threat. The hawk dives. Several children (age 10 exiting a school- bus on a farm road, rum after, making faces at their friends behind the windows...
5) 1) text: in shirtsleeves, three-piece suits, shouting bids on wheat from the trading pit, waving their arms, jotting frenzied notes on slips of paper. An arena of energy! Behind the shouting, we continue to HEAR:
8) 25) text: It could be a breakthrough technique, but we need to know much more about it, like why thirty percent of subjects develop new clots within...
10) 11) text: the new angle revealing his hurt and surprise. He tries to sound off-handed.
15) 0) text: slowly descend. They are stoic, unhurried, confident -- the nerve buttons of a vast C-cube circuitry (com- mand-control-communications). They don't even look at each other. HOLD for a few seconds, indicating the long ride down. Elevator stops.
16) 3) text: 53 54 55 56 57 58 21. SEVERAL CLOSE CUTS ON EQUIPMENT ° 53 toggle switches, storage cabinets, padlocked metal boxes, code panels, a print-out map of "TANGO" Launch center and its ten satellite missile silos.
23) 3) dialog: If I know Bruce, he's probably going to make a grand entrance. Rev. Walker checks his watch, moves 0.S.
23) 9) dialog: They probably just wanted a little privacy.
23) 15) dialog: What'd I tell you.
23) 19) dialog: Where have you two been?
25) 0) text: among twenty children, black and white, ages 8-10, playing "Red Light, Green Light." MATCH SOUND of JET PLANE CLOSER, LOUDER. White BOY stands with his back to the approaching horde, spins and shouts "Red Light!" All freeze in place, except for two whom the Boy retires to the side. As he turns back, and the overhead JET BUILDS to a DEAFENING ROAR, several children rush up behind him, grab hin, hooting...!
35) 1) dialog: Would you girls be kind enough to tell me what the dickens is going on up here?
35) 8) dialog: - don't have to tell me what it is. But I expect the two of you to settle it among yourselves -- or I'll see that your father settles it for you. Jolene, I could sure use some help with the casseroles when you're through. As soon as Eve moves 0.S., Jolene grins. scales the diaphragm across the room at Denise, darts out. Denise controls herself, hurries into the bath- room, slams the door. SOUND OF WATER RUNNING....
40) 1) text: draped with a wedding dress... PAN TO Eve, sitting on the far side of the bed, quarter-profile, robed, hair in a thick braid, sewing on Denise's wedding veil...
40) 5) dialog: Worried about Denise? Jim hesitates, embarrassed, looks back out the window.
40) 7) dialog: Well. That's a long way away. And I could sure use some worrying about me,
46) 2) text: reveal Jim's effort to control his powerful and con- fused emotions.
60) 6) text: CAMERA SLOWLY PANS OPEN to reveal Jo Huxley (#187, above), satyr beard, leather vest, leaning against the mirror, thumbing through a sports magazine, while talk- ing to his friend MACK, another young prof, 35, tweed coat with patches, thinning hair, dude boots.
81) 2) dialog: Jolene's making beds. Denise is taking a shower...
81) 4) dialog: Jim, don't you see all I've got to do...?
81) 10) dialog: Well it's just going to have to go on without me because your ’ daughter's getting married tomorrow and I've got sixty- seven mouths to... Jim holds up his hand for peace, controls himself. Everybody's going to have to control themselves.
81) 12) dialog: (mumbles) You'd think there's a tornado coming...
84) 1) text: now visibly tense, senses Boyle's glance, looks, begins a little nervous smile, looks quickly away so as not to reveal his apprehension. He'd like to make a joke, ask a personal question. He feels his mouth is dry...
89) 0) text: suspended in the sky ~- seen above the town green -~ the ICBM ENGINES THUNDER, BOOM, REVERBERATE across the landscape.
111) 0) text: rushing out into the smoky street -- Seventh Circle of Hell -- trips over, recoils from a charred body, sees an overturned car. Other unscathed bodies lie still along opposite building. The sky darkens, the wind RISING TO A HOWL, as she looks up in horror at...
124) 0) text: and OPEN to Oakes carrying the Burn Victim toward the door. Smoke billows from lower broken windows. A bush burns crisply beside the entrance. Several people sit in a stupor on the grass, rocking back and forth. Oakes steps across broken glass...
137) 2) dialog: What are you going to do with that? 437 438 439
137) 5) dialog: It's not a dog, Jim -- it's a person up there...
138) 4) dialog: Jim, stop it...1
138) 8) dialog: Let him stay, Jim... (CONTINUED)
139) 8) dialog: We're the Dahlbergs. I'm Eve. Jim. Denise. Jolene. And * Danny. Nods, grumts. Jolene studies David closely. Whenever he looks her way, her eyes widen (instinctively coy.) Jim sees David looking closely at Danny. *
145) 0) text: backlit by flashlights, depositing clothes in a plastic bag, rinsing out of the garbage can filled with water... Men and women, young and old, children about half in hospital gowns, some lying rigid, wide-eyed, some curled fetus-like, some hugging a patient in fear, one couple even appears to be making love, some are tucked tight in blankets like mummies, trembling...
147) 0) text: removing masks (revealing Oakes' facial burn). They wash their hands by ladling water from a steel pot. Even here there are some people "camped," some nurses sleeping -- one or two with their eyes open. Single emergency spot. Eerie. Bauer is assembling disinfec- tant, swabs, dressing, sees Oakes notice the sleeping nurses.
150) 0) text: 50, unshaven, rumpled, three-piece suit, waving his arms, "conducting" the MUSIC OF DVORAK issuing from a TAPE RECORDER on the roof of a car. Hood up, tires melted, windows splintered. Alfred's hands and face are beet red, a severe sunburn. He has lost his mind. FAVOR McCOY 470-1 cloaked in canvas, wearing sunglasses, looking like a displaced bedouin, walks a wide swath around the crazed Alfred... © 4705
155) 0) text: talking on police-call CB, four-day growth of beard. Some people sleep on cots, several lying with their eyes wide open, listlessly watching Oakes. Huxley's disembodied voice: (CONTINUED)
156) 3) dialog: I want you to eat anyway. I'm not hi ungry, Mom. She worries, then feeds herself -- crackers arranged daintily like canapes on a paper plate.
156) 9) dialog: Wednesday.
156) 15) dialog: Can't remember what, darlin'?
156) 17) dialog: We've all been through so much, sitting here in the dark.
156) 20) dialog: Now get hold of yourself. You know we have to wait till...
159) 3) text: 520 521 522 Rev. 5/7/82 138. cuUTS 520. Eve slumped asleep on her husband's shoulder; Jolene lying down, her eyes wide open toward... David, writing thoughtfully on a small pad... Danny.
167) 0) text: stacked in bags along the wall. Burn victim's face seen through transparent "window." PAN reveals two fresh corpses on tables, still to be bagged...
175) 0) text: - in surgical cap, urgently hurrying past... stopped ~ by Julian, Austin, NURSE #2. Patients and refugees * are now crowded into this room as well. JULIAN . Russell, Seventeen people died in here this morning. I'd say we're running a serious cholera risk...
181) 17) dialog: We're lucky to be alive.
185) 2) text: camped on the steps, in the street, under makeshift tents on the town green, waiting to get into the hos- pital. The infirm lie like battle-wounded, several bodies lie ignored to the side... burned faces... a few pacing madmen in serious conversation with themselves... Ft of ae
189) 0) text: being dug by volunteers in masks, each hole marked by a wooden numbered stake. The area is adjacent to a legitimate cemetery. Volunteers lower a body into a hole, a tag tied to the stake. CAMERA PASSES a score of sheet-covered bodies lined up for burial. HOLD ON a pickup truck backing TOWARD CAMERA. Another volunteer drops the tailgate, revealing another cargo of corpses...
195) 0) dialog: as Jim tries pushing open the door to the kitchen, en- counters resistance. Through the erack in the door, we see a man's body. Eve recoils in disgust, holding a hand over her mouth...
199) 0) text: working the hand pump, Eve helping Denise to drink from the flow of water. But Denise starts coughing, can't stop...
202) 0) text: as he lays Denise, semi-conscious, across the front seat of a pickup. Jolene is crying. Eve embraces Denise, rocking her...
206) 0) text: : moving on foot among the Refugees....toward the front of the hospital. A Police cruiser passes through scene, Smythe's VOICE issues from a LOUDSPEAKER... This is David's first direct encounter with victims of nuclear blast. Several panhandle, reaching out... burned faces, crazed eyes, one man with a distored mouth...