0) 7) dialog: Stop! Chill!!
0) 9) dialog: Excuse me. Sorry. Excuse me. Oof, sorry ladies. Finally free of the throng, Alike takes a breath and look the clock on her cell phone.
0) 10) dialog: Shit! She rolls her eyes back to the stage where Laura is no lo visible. Not daring to risk another plunge into the throb crowd, she retreats for the bar.
0) 13) dialog: Hi. The girl ignores her. Alike clears her throat and speaks little too loudly.
0) 14) dialog: Umm... Hey! How are you?! The girl jerks around and frowns at Alike, looking her up down.
0) 17) dialog: Umm...sorry. I was just sayin' Umm...hi.
0) 19) dialog: Oh. You wanna drink or something? Hey! Hey! Over here! Alike strains, snapping at the bartender. A CONFIDENT WOM swaggers up close to the girl and extends her hand. The c girl takes it and allows herself to be lead to the dance floor. Alike looks around just in time to see her leaving The bartender finally materializes, and Alike slinks away
1) 0) text: Alike slumps into a long line of women waiting to squeeze cramped, 2 stall bathroom. A COUPLE in front of her makes vigorously, and she folds her arms and looks away. A buff 30-SOMETHING WOMAN with locs smiles and winks at Alike. Alike smiles and fidgets with her eyebrows and loo away. The line inches forward. Alike glances around searching for the woman. The 30-something has already los interest, her attention now fully directed at a much more FEMININE WOMAN strutting out of the restroom. Embarrassed Alike faces front again. Two androgynous gangsters (AGs) have witnessed the whole thing nudge each other and sneer Alike squares her shoulders and widens her stance. One of the AG's breaks out in laughter and they turn around as t line inches forward again. Alike pretends not to notice a slumps out of line and retreats for a lonely oasis of cou along the wall.
2) 0) text: Alike dozes on the couch.
3) 0) text: Laura dances with a cute SHORT HAIRED GIRL. Alike spots the pair from afar and heads in their directi
3) 1) dialog: C'mon, we're late.
3) 3) dialog: I gotta go!
3) 5) dialog: C'mon, why you trippin'?
3) 7) dialog: Why are you trippin', you know I gotta go!
3) 9) dialog: You know I gotta go.   I'ma get in trouble.
3) 11) dialog: What? Laura spins the short haired on the dance floor and the p continue their wobbling, uneven groove. Alike endures sev moments of invisibility as a sea of women, both "feminine and "butch" push past her without a second glance. Alike at Laura's jersey. Laura, happily tangled in her dance partner's embrace rolls her eyes.
3) 15) dialog: How many numbers you get? One?
3) 17) dialog: Oooh.   That's jacked up.
3) 19) dialog: Tonya, Denise, Shelley. No wait that's old, I can delete that one. Tonya... Laura snatches the phone from Alike. Alike swipes at it b misses. Laura fends her off with one hand and scrolls thr the numbers with the other.
3) 21) dialog: I don't see you with no list of numbers.
3) 23) dialog: Shut up!
3) 27) dialog: Wah-wah.
3) 29) dialog: Oh shit!! Yeah, you got me with that one.
4) 0) text: Alike becomes more quiet and less playful as the ride wea on. A middle-class Bronx landscape, well-lit with a newly constructed Starbucks and renovated condos flits by the window. Alike reaches over and presses the tape. Laura el Alike.
4) 2) dialog: Your stop.
4) 4) dialog: Your stop-- you're getting off here, right?
4) 6) dialog: Why you gon' walk all the way back down for? That's stupid.
4) 9) dialog: You ain't big, nigga. Trying to protect somebody. Hurry up, man, get off!
4) 11) text: That's alright man--next stop. Next stop! Alike elbows Laura sharply. The bus driver frowns in the view.
4) 13) dialog: I'm not beastin'. Laura climbs over Alike and swings toward the door.
4) 15) dialog: I'ma call you. Alike turns and watches Laura stroll away. Laura drums a little beat on Alike's window as the bus pulls off. Alike waves and faces forward again. An OLD LADY sitting nearby shoots her a disapproving look. Alike rolls her eyes and moves to a seat farther away.
5) 0) text: Alike studies her reflection in the window, and takes a breath. She unbuttons her bulky men's shirt to reveal a fitting baby doll shirt that reads "Princess." She stuffs her baseball cap and durag into her backpack and jabs a p of small gold hoop earrings into her ears. She slumps bac against the seat and stares into the night. The bus stops at a lonely island of curb. Alike is a dark silhouette sprinting around the corner and into the night
6) 0) text: Alike cracks open the front door just wide enough to slip through. The house is dark except for the flashing microw clock.
6) 2) text: You late. ALIKE
6) 4) text: Where you been this late? ALIKE
6) 6) text: Movie ended at midnight. ALIKE
6) 7) text: (whispering) Shhh. Shut up. Alike shoves her sister and tries to close the door. Shar yanks the door open wider. SHARONDA
6) 8) text: (whispering) Don't push me. ALIKE
6) 10) text: I know what stays open past midnight. Sharonda puts a hand to her head and does a little dance. ALIKE
6) 11) text: Shut up! Alike eases Sharonda's door shut.     Sharonda swings the open wide. SHARONDA
6) 12) text: Good night Lee! Sharonda slams her door.      The light clicks on underne Alike's parent's door.
7) 0) text: Alike rushes to shove her stuffed backpack under the bed. She tosses her shoes in the closet just as her mother, AU appears in the doorway.
7) 3) dialog: Lost track of time.
7) 5) dialog: Movies.
7) 7) dialog: I lost track of time. Audrey gets cozy in the doorjamb.      Alike turns her ba her and slumps into pajamas.
7) 9) dialog: It's old.
7) 12) dialog: Goodnight. Audrey stiffens and pulls her robe tighter. Vinegar repla honey in her demeanor as the warmth drains out of her voi
7) 14) dialog: Yeah, okay!
7) 17) dialog: I don't have on make-up.
7) 19) dialog: Mom. I'm seventeen years old, please don't talk to me like--
7) 21) text: Well, it's your skin. Audrey leaves. Alike is still. She listens for the door t her parent's room to shut before snatching off the scarf storming to the bathroom.
8) 0) text: Alike turns on the faucet, wets the soap and puts it back the dish, wets her wash cloth and puts it back on the rac She plops down on the toilet and looks up. A crucifix fro down at her from the wall.
8) 5) dialog: Yes, mom.
9) 0) text: Alike, bundled in an oversized hoodie edges up to the perimeter of campus and waits against a bus shelter. STUD horseplay and mill about the entrance in groups, chugging their morning Fantas and munching on snack cakes. The sch bell rings and the lawn slowly empties into the building. Alike shifts her weight and checks her watch as the last STRAGGLERS finally trickle in. She yanks her hoodie tight and launches across the lawn and into the building.
10) 0) text: A second school bell sounds and the din of slamming locke and jubilant chatter dies to a hush as students shuffle i classrooms. Alike cracks the back stairwell door and peek out into the mostly empty hallway before tearing for the bathroom. One last straggler BINA, a 17 year-old girl wit mature, but down-to-earth good looks rushes past Alike. T two exchange a brief, confused look then mutually dismiss each other as they hurry in opposite directions.
11) 0) text: Alike hurtles into the handicapped stall and snaps it shu behind her. She rips off her hoodie and the "girly" shirt beneath and flings them to the floor. She pulls out a pai wife-beaters from her bag and pulls them over her head. S unwads a polo shirt and yanks it over her head.
13) 0) text: The cafeteria is a whirl of activity and social jockeying Clusters of girls and boys loud-talk, flirt, fight and horseplay at tables and in tight little groups against th walls. Alike walks alone, staying at the fringes of the c and shrugs through the cafeteria line.
14) 0) text: Alike flees the cafeteria, tray laden with rubbery cuisin dubious nutritional value. She raps on the door of a classroom and slips in.
15) 1) dialog: Hey! MRS. ALVARADO, a middle aged Californian ex-hippie type reclines with her feet on her desk, munching on celery st and sunflower seed paste. Her small desk radio plays alternative rock. Sun beams into the empty classroom and Alike squints as she yanks the headphones out of her ears pulls up a chair next to her desk.
15) 3) dialog: Nothin' you can eat.
15) 5) dialog: (over a mouthful of pizza)
15) 9) dialog: Did you see the one in the back? Mrs. Alvarado flips to the back of the book and her mouth moves silently as she reads.
15) 10) dialog: I'll probably do it in class. Mrs. Alvarado hands the book back to Alike and digs in to another celery stick.
15) 11) dialog: So?
15) 14) dialog: What do you think?
15) 16) dialog: Okay?
15) 18) dialog: I thought it was good.
17) 11) text: Yeah, this is for Alike. MRS. SINGLETARY
18) 0) text: Audrey, Sharonda, Alike, and their father, ARTHUR, 40- something with a used-to-be athletic build, are all gathe around the dinner table for a rare family dinner. Everyon takes half-hearted nibbles at their food avoiding eye con with each other. Sharonda picks at her food.
18) 3) dialog: Shut up.
18) 15) text: Oooh, I see. Lee, who are you going with? ALIKE
18) 16) text: Umm. I'm not going. Arthur gives Alike an approving Daddy's girl wink. Alike beams back. AUDREY
18) 21) text: Nobody buzzes around Alike. ARTHUR
20) 0) text: Alike slams into her usual stall and launches into her `Superman' changing routine. She unrolls pulls a jersey f her backpack and yanks it over her head.
21) 0) text: Alike sits off to one side of the stairs, headphoned into oblivion and scribbling into her composition book. A grou FAST GIRLS strut by and encamp on the opposite wall, gigg and yakking on cell phones. One of the girls, MIKA cuts a flirty smile at Alike. Alike turns away and buries hersel her book, but cranks down the volume on her iPod.
21) 14) text: Isn't that one of them over there? What's her name? Amika?--Alisha? The pack directs their attention at Alike. Alike profiles attempts to look casual. MIKA'S FRIEND
21) 15) text: Alike. MIKA
21) 16) text: Yeah, Alike--she's cute too. FAST GIRL #2
21) 17) text: Uugh. I don't be looking at them all like that. Mika smiles as her eyes travel down Alike's physique. Ali aware of the admiring gaze tugs and smooths at her shirt unnecessarily. She licks her lips and readjusts the book her lap, fighting hard to keep the grin off her face. MIKA
21) 20) text: Yeah, but if she was just a little more harder-- Alike looks over and starts to nod when a CUTE BOY with l swaggers up to the girls, drawing their rapt attention.
22) 2) dialog: So what do you think?
22) 4) dialog: But you know her, right?
22) 8) text: Just put those on that stack right there. Yeah, thank you. ALIKE
22) 10) text: I'm listening--all I'm saying is-- pass me that milkshake mix right there. Alike tosses Laura a bladder of milkshake mix. Laura catc it. LAURA
22) 11) text: All I'm saying is that I don't think you should put yourself out there like that. Especially if you don't even know if she likes you like that. ALIKE
22) 13) text: How do you know she does? ALIKE
22) 15) text: Hmmph. We'll see. Laura holds out her hand as if checking for rain and scan the ceiling. ALIKE
22) 17) text: I thought I felt a drop of pig shit. ALIKE
22) 20) text: All I know is I been trying to get you to holla at girls in the club for the longest. ALIKE
22) 22) text: Obviously. Why you pressed about this chick? Alike shrugs. ALIKE
22) 24) text: Oh God, what now? ALIKE
22) 26) text: What?! Alike cocks her head at Laura. Laura frowns back. LAURA
22) 27) text: What?! ALIKE
22) 28) text: Just for my image. Alike raises her eyebrow. Laura shakes her head. The ligh bulb goes off. She roars in disbelief. LAURA
22) 29) text: WHAAAAAT?                        ! You trying to strap!!?? Whaaatt?!! Oh my God, what are you going through... ALIKE
22) 31) text: What difference you think having a bulge in your pants gon' make? ALIKE
23) 0) text: Alike stares at herself in a floor length bedroom mirror her underwear.
23) 3) dialog: I can't believe you. Alike frowns at the dildo in profile.
23) 5) dialog: Laura, this doesn't look right. I'ma look stupid.
23) 7) dialog: I'm not putting this thing next to my skin, it pinches already. Alike yanks at the harness and her boxers trying to pull out of her bottom.
23) 9) dialog: They didn't have any brown?
23) 11) text: I didn't have time for all of that. The brown ones were too big, anyway. Alike struggling with the apparatus.   Laura smiles. ALIKE
23) 13) text: I can't take it back. ALIKE
23) 16) dialog: You grown! LAURA
23) 17) text: Still what if somebody would see me in there? I'm not going back, that's it. ALIKE
23) 26) text: I did! ALIKE
23) 30) text: I'm telling. ALIKE
23) 32) text: It looks nasty. ALIKE
23) 34) text: Where's my make up case?    I know you got it. ALIKE
23) 35) text: I just borrowed it. Alike pulls off the dildo and harness. SHARONDA
23) 36) text: Give it back. Alike fishes the make-up case out of her backpack. She ho it out to Sharonda. Sharonda reaches for it. Alike jerks back. ALIKE
23) 38) text: Give it back. Alike flips open the make up case and jabs the dildo at i stopping short of the surface of the make up.
23) 44) dialog: Promise... SHARONDA
23) 45) text: Ughh, I hate you. Alike jabs the dildo closer to the make-up. SHARONDA
23) 46) text: OK, OK I won't tell.   Daag! Alike tosses the case at Sharonda who scrambles to catch Alike wraps the dildo back up in the bag and hides it beh her headboard. Sharonda saunters out into the hallway. SHARONDA
23) 57) dialog: Mom?! Audrey fixes Laura with another hard glance and shoos Sharonda down the hallway. Laura starts to shut the door, Audrey stops it with her arm.
24) 0) text: Alike squirms in her seat.
24) 2) dialog: Owwww! Alike uncrosses her legs and yanks at her jeans. Laura ba her hand away.
24) 5) dialog: This joint hurts, man. I'ma go take it off.
24) 7) dialog: I'm gonna take it off.
24) 9) dialog: In the bathroom.
24) 11) dialog: Then I'm out.
24) 13) dialog: Then you come on, too. Hurry up-- A group of girls approaches, one of them we recognize as Mika, the girl that likes Alike, from the bathroom. Laura stands to greet them. Nervous introductions all around. L shoots Alike a warning glance.
25) 0) text: Laura is hugged up with two girls at the end of the couch Alike fidgets in her seat and keeps pulling at the knees her jeans. Mika hand in chin, stares into space. Alike do another pull-fidget combo. Mika rolls her eyes at her.
25) 3) dialog: Yeah, no, yeah it's just--there's a spring in the cushion or something.
25) 5) dialog: No, I'm good.
25) 8) dialog: No, no not really. I'm not really feeling the music. Mika sighs and looks around at the other dancing couples. Alike gives her jeans another tortured tug. Agonized minu of awkward booming silence.
25) 10) dialog: No, do your thing.
25) 12) dialog: No, no it's cool. Mika escapes the couch and disappears into the crowd.
26) 0) text: Alike slips off her shoes and eases through the kitchen. Audrey flicks on the light, blocking the hallway entrance
26) 2) dialog: Mom I lost--
26) 5) dialog: It won't happen--
27) 0) text: Alike peels off her jeans and lobs them into the top of h closet. She unharnesses the dildo and wads the tangled me up in an old t-shirt. She stuffs the wad in back of the closet and slams the closet door shut, staring at her reflection in the mirror. Alike reconsiders and yanks the wad back from the closet.
28) 0) text: Alike stuffs the wad into a trash bag and plunges it deep into a neighbor's garbage can. She scurries back into her building and doesn't look back.
29) 0) text: Alike skulks on the couch in wrinkled khaki pants and a cotton button down shirt. An obnoxious R&amp;B video play TV. Sounds of bustling and the drone of a hair dryer fill room.
29) 7) dialog: I am ready.
29) 9) dialog: What's wrong with this? The front door bursts open, and Arthur tromps in, his pol uniform hanging open over a white undershirt. He slings a heavy F.O.P tote bag on the floor and strips off his shir he crosses to the kitchen. Audrey rushes over and buzzes around him.
30) 2) dialog: Dad--
30) 6) dialog: Dad--
30) 10) text: Go get changed. ALIKE
30) 12) text: Nothing. ALIKE
30) 15) text: Do what she says. ALIKE
30) 18) text: And put on a skirt! Alike stalks off to her bedroom. Sharonda bounces into th kitchen. SHARONDA
30) 28) text: Alike. And I don't see that there's a problem. AUDREY
30) 40) text: We both made sacrifices. Alike stomps back into the kitchen wearing the pink v-nec that Audrey bought her and an unflattering pleat-front sk Arthur stifles a giggle behind his beer can. ARTHUR
30) 42) text: Tuck your blouse in. ALIKE
30) 47) dialog: What deal? AUDREY
30) 48) text: Comin' in late... ALIKE
30) 50) text: Why don't you give that a break for a little while? ALIKE
30) 52) text: (to Alike) You heard him! (MORE)
30) 54) text: Sharonda! You done?! Alike spins into the living room defeated.
31) 0) text: Alike sits in the passenger seat of the car as Audrey chi chats with other churchgoers. Sharonda sits in the back seat, flipping through a CD case and occasionally passing CD's to Alike to play. Alike faces stonily forward except cast impatient glances in Audrey's direction. Audrey raps the window.
31) 3) text: Huh? Audrey motions to Bina standing by with her mother, Ms. Singletary. Alike cracks the window a little wider and acknowledges them with a half-hearted wave. ALIKE (CONT'D)
31) 5) text: Get down out the car and come speak. Laboriously, Alike rolls the window back up, turns off th car radio, and climbs down out of the car. AUDREY (CONT'D)
31) 6) text: What's wrong with you? ALIKE
31) 10) text: Alike, this is Mrs. Singletary, one of my co-workers and her daughter, Bina. Sylvia, Bina, this is my daughter Alike, we call her "Lee" for short. Alike shakes both of their hands in turn. ALIKE
31) 12) text: Hello. ALIKE
31) 20) text: Lee, Bina goes to the same school as you. ALIKE
31) 22) text: Yeah, I think I've seen you around. Mrs. Alvarado's class right? AP English? ALIKE
31) 23) text: Yup. Audrey looks pleased with herself. Alike squirms. AUDREY
31) 27) text: There is something to be said for safety in numbers. Bina nods. Alike squirms. MRS. SINGLETARY (CONT'D)
32) 1) dialog: You're funny.
32) 4) dialog: I don't know what you think is going to change.
33) 0) text: Alike strides down the sidewalk.   Bina speedwalks to kee
33) 2) dialog: Then don't, she doesn't have to know.
33) 4) dialog: So tell her yeah.
33) 6) dialog: So don't. Bina stops short.   Alike keeps walking.
33) 9) dialog: Hey! Bina keeps on pushing, the school now in sight.
33) 11) text: Hey! Alike checks for traffic then dashes across the street to catch up with her. ALIKE (CONT'D)
33) 13) text: Yeah, you sorry your mom is gonna bug out. ALIKE
33) 15) text: But? ALIKE
33) 16) text: It's not like that. It's just-- she's just. If you knew her, you'd understand. She's like, I don't know. The girls walk in silence for a moment. ALIKE (CONT'D)
33) 18) text: You don't have to make small talk. Let's just walk. ALIKE
33) 20) text: Overprotective? Alike relaxes her shoulders, both relieved and surprised. ALIKE
33) 24) dialog: Yeah?
33) 26) dialog: Yeah. But probably not like mine. But anyway...
34) 1) dialog: Hi! This is Lee, I'm not able to answer my phone right now-- Laura snaps her cell phone shut. A GED study book still glossy and uncreased is propped open on the bed in front her. She opens her cell phone again and pulls up Alike's number. Her thumb hovers over the `talk' button. She snap the phone shut and tosses it aside before turning the rad down and dragging the book closer. The cell phone rings a she snatches it up. A picture of a girl making a kissy fa with the name "Tasha" underneath blinks onto the screen a Laura snaps the phone shut and tosses it aside. She hoist the GED book into her lap and lets her head hit the wall. There is a knock at her bedroom door and Candace peeks in
35) 0) text: Alike and Arthur cavort in a sloppy half-court game in th fluorescent glare of the gym. Well-heeled clientele cross and fro munching power bars and sipping Gatorade. Arthur an awful shot, but Alike's is worse. Alike heaves a huge airball past the basket.
35) 4) dialog: You ain't got no range, either.
35) 6) dialog: Brick!! Laughing, they tussle over the rebound. Arthur recovers.
35) 8) dialog: One up.
35) 10) dialog: Yup!
38) 0) text: Alike is a paper doll in Laura's floor length mirror, dre only in boxers and a wife beater. Laura holds a bright or polo shirt up in front of Alike's torso. Alike cocks her to the side and considers.
38) 2) dialog: Mom has me hemmed up.
38) 4) text: Your phone ain't broke. You coulda called a nigga. Put this on. Laura pulls away the orange polo shirt and hands Alike a turquoise one instead. Alike hoists the oversized shirt o her head. ALIKE
38) 6) text: Makin' you?! You a grown-ass woman, bruh! Laura shakes her head as she plucks a brand new baseball from the wall rack and drops it onto Alike's head. Alike considers and takes it off. Laura puts another cap in its place. Before Alike can object, Laura tosses her a pair o denim shorts. LAURA (CONT'D)
38) 7) text: Try these with it. So I guess the piers is out for Saturday, huh? ALIKE
38) 8) text: I don't even know if that's me anymore. Alike struggles into the jean shorts, widening her stance they don't fall down. Laura tosses her a belt and admires Alike's reflection. LAURA
38) 9) text: Yeah, that's hot, yo. You should rock that. ALIKE (CONT'D)
38) 10) text: I was gonna see if you wanna do something different? Alike strips off the baseball cap and hangs it back on th rack. LAURA
38) 11) text: Different like what? Alike peels out of the polo shirt. ALIKE
38) 16) dialog: Nah, I'm down.
38) 18) dialog: Nah seriously, I'm down for whatever.
38) 20) dialog: Promise.
39) 0) text: Audrey sits between Alike's knees as Alike oils her scalp Alike takes her time, massaging each braid between her ha before moving to the next. Audrey reads an Essence magazi the cover of which reads "101 Ways to Please Your Man."
39) 2) dialog: You should wear your hair down sometimes.
39) 4) dialog: It looks nice down. Alike catches her mother's eye in the mirror's reflection they share a sad moment. Audrey closes the magazine and tosses it back onto the bed.
39) 6) dialog: Saturday night?!
39) 8) dialog: No we didn't.
39) 10) dialog: I had plans for this weekend.
39) 12) dialog: Oh my God!
40) 0) text: Bina sits on the floor, flipping through CD's. Alike sits a chair, head in hand, completely disinterested.
40) 2) dialog: Uhh-uhh.
40) 4) text: Jay-Z? ALIKE
40) 6) text: Fifty? ALIKE
40) 8) text: Oh. Who do you like? Alike checks the time on her phone. ALIKE
40) 9) text: Shit! Alike starts packing her backpack. ALIKE (CONT'D)
40) 11) text: Like who? ALIKE
40) 13) text: Like who? ALIKE
40) 15) text: Pharcyde? I heard of Pharcyde. ALIKE
40) 20) text: I'm not as generic as you think. The phone rings. Mrs. Singletary answers from another roo Alike and Bina freeze, listening. MRS. SINGLETARY (O.S.)
40) 21) text: Hello? Hi Audrey. Yes. Yeah she's here. I understand-- Alike sulks. Bina flips to the back of the CD book. BINA
40) 23) dialog: It's cool. BINA
40) 24) text: Whatchu know about Santogold? Since you all underground and stuff. ALIKE
40) 26) text: Tamar-kali? ALIKE
40) 27) text: I haven't heard of her, I heard of Res. Alike hoists the backpack onto her shoulder and stands to leave. BINA
40) 31) dialog: Wow.
42) 4) dialog: Yo, this shit is hot!
42) 6) dialog: Nah, I wanna stay. Alike slings her backpack to the floor and pulls the CD b into her lap. Her cell phone rings and she ignores it.
43) 1) dialog: Leave a message and I'll call you back. BEEP. Laura yanks her phone away from her ear and looks at the screen. She starts to hang up but pulls it back to her ea
44) 0) text: Alike and Bina are sprawled in the floor. Bina DJ's from laptop.
44) 1) dialog: Mrs. Alvarado was trying to get me to check out this one place.
44) 4) dialog: Definitely.
46) 0) text: AP English class is a safe haven. The desks are pulled together in a rough circle and are filled with heavily pierced, dyed hair, and vintage clothes types. Mrs. Alvar sits cross-legged atop her desk taking notes. Alike stand the center of the circle reciting an original poem.
46) 1) dialog: A butterfly, briefly Suffocated On the mucous of its own change Imprisoned
47) 0) text: Bina and Alike troop home at a more leisurely pace. Alike breaks the silence for once.
47) 1) dialog: I liked your story, though. It was tight.
47) 3) dialog: The one about karma, how things come back to you. That one, I thought it was tight.
47) 5) dialog: Why?
47) 8) dialog: Why did you like it?
47) 10) dialog: Oh.
47) 12) dialog: What?
47) 14) dialog: No, what'd you say?
47) 16) dialog: Yeah, I had on a different shirt.
47) 18) dialog: So why weren't you gonna say anything about it?
47) 20) dialog: About the poem.
47) 22) dialog: Moody?
47) 25) dialog: Man, I'm not moody.
47) 27) dialog: What?
48) 0) text: Alike sits on Bina's twin bed, looking around and really taking in the room for the first time. She reaches over a picks up a little molded soldier figure off of the shelf. Bina fishes around in a rack of CDs.
48) 1) dialog: Who gave you this?
48) 3) dialog: No, this. Alike holds the figurine out, Bina looks at it over her shoulder.
48) 5) dialog: Oh. Cute. Bina opens a CD case and pulls the booklet out.
48) 7) text: Not really. I mean I guess it was at the time. Bina lobs the little army man into a trash can across the room and hands Alike the booklet. BINA (CONT'D)
48) 8) text: Anyway, this is the other artist I was telling you about. Her stuff is like, bouncier. A buoyant Afropunk beat wafts through the bedroom. Bina p down on the bed next to Alike. ALIKE
48) 10) text: Yeah, I have a bunch of other stuff, too. (beat) So who do you hang out with? I don't really see you with anybody. Alike shrugs and rifles through her backpack. She pulls o her composition book. Awkward silence. BINA (CONT'D)
48) 11) text: I didn't mean it like that. I was just asking because I was curious. I don't really like anybody that goes there either. ALIKE
48) 14) text: They play this kind of music. ALIKE
48) 17) text: You don't dress. You just come however. Come as you are. Alike nods.
48) 21) dialog: Yeah.
48) 24) text: Sorry, here. Bina yanks it away again. Alike gives up, still smiling. ALIKE
48) 26) text: Seriously, it's right here.     Just take it. Alike summons the courage for one last swipe. She manages grab it but Bina doesn't let go right away. The girls loc eyes during the extemporaneous tug-of-war. ALIKE
48) 32) dialog: Nothin', just my writings... Bina studies Alike's profile. She leans in and pecks Alik the cheek. Alike lets the kiss soak in, glancing at Bina sidelong. Bina leans in again, this time planting a long on Alike's lips. Alike pulls away. Bina tenses for the verdict.
48) 33) dialog: Why'd you do that for?
48) 35) dialog: No, I'm sorry. I just umm...I gotta go.
48) 37) dialog: Sorry. Alike blindly grabs up her things and rushes the door, Bi flounders in her wake.
49) 2) text: You'll get that for me? One of the friends breaks away from the pack, opens the d without greeting and walks away. Alike is left alone to escort herself in. Laura hardly looks up as Alike stops a the fringes of the pack. ALIKE
49) 3) text: Wassup man. A collective grumble of greeting goes up around the table although no one addresses Alike directly. Laura slams the table and raises her hands in triumph. LAURA
49) 5) text: Awww, we shoulda been done set you! Laura slaps hands with her partner. The unlucky pair of partners argue. The personal cheerleader kisses Laura on neck. Alike looks away. PERSONAL CHEERLEADER
49) 7) text: What's good, Lee? ALIKE
49) 11) text: We goin' eight!! Roars of disbelief from around the table. Alike is quickl forgotten in the ruckus. Alike circles to Laura's side. T personal cheerleader looks her up and down. ALIKE
49) 15) text: Yo, I'm busy right now. More raucous laughter from the table. Alike endures anoth few moments of card slapping, table pounding dejection be leaning into Laura's ear.
49) 16) dialog: I really need to talk to you--
51) 0) text: Alike watches her father's footsteps break up the light beneath her door. She tosses off her blankets and springs into the hallway.
51) 1) dialog: (loud whisper)
51) 3) dialog: Dad?
51) 6) dialog: Mom? Alike stops short outside the kitchen door, confused.
52) 0) text: Alike swings around the corner.
52) 1) dialog: Huh?
52) 4) dialog: Who was that? Arthur sips his beer and walks over to the kitchen table. foil covered plate with a little pink sticky note waits.
52) 6) dialog: Just wanted to talk. Arthur crumples the sticky note and tosses it into the tr without reading it. He peels up one side of the foil, pee at the food underneath, and launches it into the trash, t
52) 7) dialog: Dad, the plate--don't trash the plate. Arthur strips off his dress shirt and tie and flings them into the living room.
52) 10) text: Ate already. ALIKE
52) 13) dialog: Oh. Where? Arthur explodes. ARTHUR
52) 15) dialog: Sorry. Alike starts to head back to her room. ARTHUR
52) 16) text: Hold up. I'm sorry, Alike come on back. Look-- I got patties... Arthur tosses a greasy bag onto the table and pulls out a chair for her.
52) 17) dialog: Beef? ARTHUR
52) 18) text: And chicken. C'mon. Alike sits happily and the two munch in silence for awhil ARTHUR
52) 20) dialog: Probably.
52) 22) text: That's right. Want a sip? Arthur offers her the beer. Alike takes it to the head. ARTHUR
52) 23) text: I said a sip. A sip! Arthur snatches the beer from her. They laugh. Alike pick her patty, eating little pieces of crust. ARTHUR (CONT'D)
52) 24) text: What's on you your mind? ALIKE
52) 25) text: Nothin'. Arthur snorts. ALIKE (CONT'D)
52) 27) text: They like you? Or they like you, like you? ALIKE
52) 29) text: Uh-huh. ALIKE
52) 31) text: Well, I think that's the best way to start--as friends. ALIKE
52) 32) text: But then what if...What if the person is -- Arthur scents the heavy news packed in Alike's expressive pause and scrambles to intercept her at the pass. ARTHUR (CONT'D)
52) 35) text: Yeah. Arthur pushes back from the table and pulls a fresh polic uniform out the hall closet. He lays it across the back o the couch and unzips his pants. Alike turns her back to g him privacy. ARTHUR
52) 36) text: Say uh--there's this new--uh women's club up there by the liquor store--have you--do you--you haven't heard anything about it, right? Alike shakes her head no. Arthur tucks his undershirt int his pants. ARTHUR (CONT'D)
52) 37) text: Called the Kitty Litter, the Catbox, something like that? ALIKE
52) 39) text: Good. `Cause you know that's a uh...it's a rough neighborhood. You know that right? I had a case over there. You wanna be careful--stay away from that element. Just in case it ever comes up? ALIKE
52) 41) text: Good. I know you will. Alike glances back at Arthur and sees that he's decent. S scoots back around to face him. Arthur smooths his unifor shirt into his pants. ALIKE
52) 45) dialog: Probably.
54) 0) text: Alike spies on Bina stuffing books into her locker. She d her breath and approaches.
54) 1) dialog: Hey.
54) 7) text: You still coming to the party? ALIKE
54) 12) dialog: Yeah...
54) 14) dialog: Yeah.
55) 0) text: Arthur coaches Alike as she navigates the car to a jerky in front of Mack's liquor store.
55) 2) dialog: I am.
55) 4) dialog: See? I'm getting better!! Can I drive back? Arthur rubs his chest in mock heart-attack.
56) 0) text: Arthur shouts a greeting to Mack who lounges on a plastic chair outside his door. Sock and TWO OTHER MEN chit chat nearby. Their chatter lowers as Arthur approaches. Alike into the store.
56) 2) dialog: Hey Mr. Ferguson!
56) 10) dialog: But you said I could drive--
58) 11) text: Just alike.
58) 15) text: I talked to Alike.
58) 21) text: I don't have anything to hide. Look I told you I talked to Alike and everything is fine. AUDREY
59) 0) text: Alike is awake, hands folded behind her head. Sharonda cu up on top of the covers next to her.
59) 1) dialog: I know you're not scared.
59) 4) dialog: Hmm?
59) 7) dialog: I know.
60) 1) text: --Bina introduces Alike to different people, Alike is welcomed --Alike &amp; Bina point out different performers, they l talk in each other's ears --Alike and Bina dance wildly in the middle of the crowd, surrounded by dozens of other clamorous bodies --One performer beckons Alike up onto the table, Alike de at first, then leaps on top of the table. Bina cheers. --Alike drags a giggling Bina out of the party and they c into the open night
62) 0) text: Laura cuffs Alike on the neck, pulling Alike's hoodie up her face. Alike's laugh is tentative at first, not sure whether this is play or for real. Laura chuckles, breakin the ice. The pair slapbox and rough house, both missing w wild arcing blows. Laura aims a mini charge at Alike that lifts her off the ground and deposits her a short distanc away. Alike swipes Laura's hat. Laura claps Alike on the shoulder and Alike waves to Bina. Bina waves and smiles.
62) 1) dialog: So whatchu you think? She's cool right? Laura looks around and shrugs. Laura plucks a fresh joint of her coat and lights it.
62) 2) dialog: She's hot right? I told you. It was so tight. I'm tellin' you, you shoulda been there tonight! Laura takes a puff and offers it to Alike.
62) 4) dialog: And she's smart, too. She does poetry, you should hear it. It's like, it's good, you know? Laura stops walking and Alike skips ahead, still chatteri
62) 5) dialog: I was thinking next weekend the three of us could--
62) 9) text: Look, I'm sorry for all the drama. ALIKE
62) 11) text: What I'm saying is, I probably overreacted. (beat) And then...I don't know. Seeing you two together or whatever. I'm glad to see you're finally happy. ALIKE
62) 13) text: You don't need to say anything. I just wanted to get it off my chest. I'm happy for you, that's all. Alike shakes her head. Her mouth moves but nothing comes LAURA (CONT'D)
62) 14) text: Because I love you, alright? And I'm sayin'...I'm right here. Alike is stopped cold, as the light bulb finally goes off Laura takes a long drag on the joint. Bina and Mika stumb over giggling. Bina hooks Alike's arm. Mika kisses Laura the neck. Laura snaps out of her gaze, her familiar smirk creeping back. MIKA
62) 16) text: That's what's up. ALIKE
62) 21) text: Byyeee!!                           Hey hold up! Laura pumps a lazy    fist in the air in acknowledgement. takes Alike's hand    and slowly drags her away. Alike ke looking back, then    finally gives up. Laura looks back Alike turns around    and disappears around the corner.
63) 0) text: Music videos play on the TV. Alike and Bina lay stretched on pillows, a plate of brownie crumbs between them. Alike dozes. Bina smacks her with a pillow.
63) 1) dialog: I'm not sleep.
63) 3) dialog: Any brownies left?
63) 5) dialog: What?
63) 8) dialog: Nothing.
63) 11) dialog: This is uh... I never... I'm sorry, I'm trippin' out.
66) 0) text: Alike is asleep on the bed. Bina cleans up feverishly, "accidentally" bumping Alike awake. Alike yawns and rolls over, a huge grin spreading across her face as she rememb her surroundings.
66) 1) dialog: Hey.
66) 3) dialog: You up already?
66) 5) dialog: What's wrong?
66) 7) dialog: Okay then, I'll help you.
66) 11) text: Last night we were just playin' around, that's all. Bina flinches away from Alike's touch. Alike shoots a gla at the door and drops her voice to a choked whisper. ALIKE
66) 13) text: "Together"? Whoa, no... ALIKE
66) 14) text: Huh?! I thought... Look if you don't want to call it that, that's fine, but don't act like nothing happened. Bina moves away and levels her gaze at Alike for the firs time. Alike touches Bina's elbow, Bina flinches away. BINA
66) 15) text: Look, I'm not gay okay? This isn't me--I wasn't--I'm not ready for all this... Alike recruits the discarded stuffed moose and dances it around on the bed. Bina recoils and snatches it away. Recognition seeps across Alike's pained face. Bina moves from the bed and turns her back on Alike. Alike finds her pajama pants on the floor and yanks them She pulls on jeans over her pajama bottoms and hauls a sweatshirt down over her nightie. She flings her backpack open on the bed and hunts around the room wildly gatherin her things. Alike goes in the bathroom and reappears with armful of toiletries, dumping them in the bag. Bina watch her, arms folded. Alike takes one last look around the ro and heads for the door, running a sleeve across her face. BINA (CONT'D)
66) 16) text: Lee? Alike ignores her and launches into the hallway.   Bina r to her bedroom doorway.
66) 20) dialog: What?
67) 0) text: Alike rages outside, weaving blind fury down the sidewalk She kicks over a cluster of garbage cans and cyclones out into the street, narrowly missing getting hit by a car. S continues her zag to the other sidewalk, her pace quicken She rips open her backpack and launches a baseball cap in the air. She tears a handful of wifebeaters from the bag flings them into the street. Spinning and thrashing she wrenches out a football jersey and jams it into another garbage can. She circles back and kicks the can over. She hurtles her backpack into the trees like a discus and she her hoodie like a skin before disappearing into the screa a subway station.
68) 3) dialog: 
68) 6) dialog: I'm not your husband so stop comin' at me like I am. I'm not your companion, I'm not your friend -- you made that abundantly clear--I'm your daughter and I have my own shit to deal with!!
69) 0) text: Alike attacks her closet, ripping all the "girly" shirts the hangers and hurling them toward a small vanity trashc She plunges back in and slams an armful of blouses to the floor. She launches a pair of pumps into the wall, follow by a chunky pair of Timberlands. Silent sobs rack her bod she tears off her own shirt and slings it at the mirror. strips off her jeans and kicks them brutally into a corne Alike considers her unclothed form in the mirror before collapsing onto the bed. She writhes against the pillows covers her eyes with her elbow as darts of grief twist through her body. Blackout.
70) 0) text: Alike jerks awake in her bed, a pillow pulled down around ears. The sound of a muffled argument leaks from her parents's bedroom. The shouting gets louder, and Alike si upright in her bed as her father's footsteps boom past he doorway and into the living room. Audrey's voice trails h down the hallway, and Alike scrambles into a t-shirt and shorts.
71) 0) text: Arthur's hand is on the doorknob, a small tote flung over shoulder. Audrey blocks the door, her hands on her hips. both look up as Alike edges into the living room.
71) 5) text: Don't drag her into this, Audrey! (to Alike) Go to your room, Alike. Your mom and I are having a discussion. AUDREY
71) 13) text: Oh, what?! I wish you would!! Go ahead!! Look girls, your daddy's going to beat me!! Sharonda bursts into tears behind Alike. Alike hurries Sharonda back down the hallway.
71) 15) dialog: Shhh. It's okay. Go in my room and lock the door. Don't come out, `kay? Sharonda bawls harder. Alike gently closes the door on he
71) 16) dialog: It's gonna be okay.
72) 7) dialog: Dad?! Stop!
72) 9) text: Go back to bed, Alike!! AUDREY
72) 11) text: Don't call her Lee! ALIKE
72) 13) text: Tell your Dad where you hang out! Tell him about your butch-ass girlfriend-- ALIKE
72) 15) text: What the hell are you talking about?! You don't know what the hell are you talking about. Alike, please just go to your room, baby! Alike drops her gaze and backs away. AUDREY
72) 16) text: Tell him! Arthur's expression cracks and he tears his focus from Au to Alike. ARTHUR
72) 17) text: Tell me what?! ALIKE
72) 20) text: No she's not gay. Alike we didn't raise you that way, baby. Eyes still downcast, Alike just shakes her head and backs away. AUDREY
72) 23) text: You shut the hell up Audrey!! Arthur extends his arms toward Alike, his voice trembling ARTHUR (CONT'D)
72) 24) text: I know that's not true. You tell your mother right now, Alike. You tell her it isn't true!! Alike meets her father's eyes. ALIKE
72) 26) text: Don't you lie now, you tell the truth!! ALIKE
72) 28) text: No, I don't know. You tell your mother it's just a phase. ALIKE
72) 32) text: (to Alike) What's wrong with you? ALIKE
72) 40) text: Say it again! Say it again! Alike fends off Audrey's blows with her hands. She kicks angrily as Audrey towers over her. ALIKE
72) 42) text: No you're not!!!!! Audrey's blows become more manic and vicious. Arthur wake from his trance and tries to wrestle Audrey off of Alike. ARTHUR
72) 44) text: Don't you say that! Let go! Don't you say that! ALIKE
73) 2) dialog: No. Click-clack. Click-clack.
73) 4) dialog: No. Nothing.
73) 8) dialog: Yeah, for your many women.
73) 13) dialog: Huh-uh. I stopped by the house--I stopped by---
74) 0) text: Overturned Ramen noodle cups litter the floor. Laura sips beer and strokes Alike's head who sleeps fitfully in her
79) 0) text: Arthur, Audrey and Sharonda are pegged around the dinner table. Audrey's make-up fails to cover the dark circles beneath her eyes and Arthur has a week's worth of stubble There is a jagged hole where Alike usually sits. Noticing the asymmetry, Audrey bundles up Alike's place setting an sweeps it onto the floor. Sharonda looks from Audrey to Arthur then into her plate.
80) 0) text: Alike and Laura sit at the edge of the roof sharing a qua of mint chocolate chip ice cream. Sunset paints the citys pink and orange. The faint cadence of children playing dr in and out on a fickle breeze. Alike's wounds are healing she seems happy. The friends exchange wordless smiles and soak in the peacefulness around them. Laura hears a noise at the door and gets up to investigat Arthur is standing in the doorway. Laura calls out to Ali Alike looks up and the smile fades from her face. Arthur tries to move around Laura, but Laura stares him down. La looks back at Alike. Alike considers, then carefully nods Laura steps out of the way and watches Arthur pass. Alike rises to face her father. She stands tall, her weig is centered. Arthur struggles to find her eyes, and she t away from him. Distant playground voices fill the pause.
81) 0) text: Alike sits at the edge of the roof writing in her noteboo Laura swings open the door and Alike looks back in greeti her smile fading as Arthur appears behind her. Laura moti to Alike. Alike considers, then carefully nods. Laura ste aside and watches Arthur pass. Alike wanders to the edge of the roof, Arthur follows. Distant playground voices fill the pause.
81) 3) text: She...your mother couldn't make it. Alike shakes her head and peers into the rusty skyline. Arthur slumps his hands in his pockets and edges closer. ARTHUR (CONT'D)
81) 4) text: Remember our old place? Waaay out in Queens? It was our first apartment, we were so proud. Had all those trees around it? In October, the whooole block would be covered with leaves. You remember. Alike makes no sign. ARTHUR (CONT'D)
81) 5) text: You couldnt've been more than 2 years old. And when the wind would blow, all those leaves would come rushing down the street at us and you thought they were alive. You'd get so scared. You'd cry and you'd scream and beg for us to pick you up. I would try and tell you "they're only leaves, baby" and make you stay on the ground. But you were so afraid and you cried so hard, your mother would always pick you up. She always picked you up. Arthur is silent beneath the weight of his memory. He dar glance over at Alike. ARTHUR (CONT'D)
81) 6) text: `Member how we used to-- ALIKE
81) 8) text: California's a long way away-- ALIKE
81) 11) text: We can talk about that. Okay? ALIKE
81) 13) text: I'm sorry, alright? I'm sorry I let her hurt you-- ALIKE
81) 16) dialog: Yes or no? ARTHUR
81) 17) text: You can always come back home. Things are gonna be different, I promise you-- Alike holds Arthur's hand, stopping him. ALIKE
81) 18) text: Dad, I'm not running. I'm choosing. Arthur's heart breaks, he gasps back a sob. ALIKE (CONT'D)
81) 25) dialog: God doesn't make mistakes.
82) 0) text: Audrey is cleaned up, well-dressed and freshly put togeth She sits alone at the lunch table, crunching an apple. A bible and a daily devotional guide are spread open in fro of her. Alike knocks on the glass, and Audrey looks up stunned. Alike comes in and sits across from her. Audrey glances around, concerned about passing coworkers.
82) 1) dialog: Mom.
82) 3) dialog: Fine. Did Dad tell you?
82) 5) dialog: How are you? Audrey gathers her lunch garbage and pushes back from the table.
82) 7) dialog: I love you, Mom. Audrey stacks her devotional guide on top of her bible an stands. She starts to speak, then crosses to the door instead.
82) 8) dialog: I said I love you.
83) 0) text: Alike writes in her notebook, mouthing the words to a poe She looks up and studies the horizon from time to time.
84) 0) text: Alike relaxes at a desk, reading from her notebook. Mrs. Alvarado sits cross-legged on her desk listening.
84) 1) dialog: Heartbreak opens onto the sunrise For even breaking is opening And I am broken I am open Broken to the new light without pushing in Open to the possibilities within pushing out See the love shine in through my cracks See the light shine out through me? I am broken I am open I am Broken Open See the love-light shining through me Shining through my cracks Through the gaps My Spirit takes journey My Spirit takes flight Could not have risen otherwise And I am not Running I am Choosing Running is not a Choice From the Breaking Breaking is freeing Broken is freedom I am not broken I am free. Alike closes her book. The pair reflect in easy silence. Alvarado nods.
85) 0) text: The downtown Brooklyn landscape hums against the windshie as Arthur and Alike ride in complete silence. Sharonda ch a thumbnail, peering over the backseat. Laura slumps agai the window, a smirk hiding at the corner of her lips.
86) 0) text: Laura and Sharonda fumble a suitcase out of the trunk of car. Alike shrugs into her backpack. Arthur nudges them a and hefts out the rest of the luggage.
86) 2) dialog: Thank you.
86) 6) dialog: I love you.
87) 4) dialog: You know I will. Laura backs away and wipes a sleeve at her eye.
88) 0) text: Sharonda waves maniacally. Alike musters a smile and puts hand on the window. Laura raises a fist. The bus sails aw from the curb. Alike leans forward to keep Laura and Sharonda in sight a long as possible. As she faces front again, she glimpses Arthur, standing in the doorway of the terminal. A passin van blots him from view and she leans back in her seat. A OLD KOREAN WOMAN next to her offers her a piece of ginger candy. Alike pops the candy into her mouth and takes a de breath. Reflections of the retreating city landscape replay acros Alike's face and she is able to hold back neither the smi nor the tears that come.