18) 0) text: Audrey, Sharonda, Alike, and their father, ARTHUR, 40- something with a used-to-be athletic build, are all gathe around the dinner table for a rare family dinner. Everyon takes half-hearted nibbles at their food avoiding eye con with each other. Sharonda picks at her food.
18) 6) dialog: I'm expecting a call. Audrey stares after him then glares back at Alike and Sharonda.
18) 16) text: Umm. I'm not going. Arthur gives Alike an approving Daddy's girl wink. Alike beams back. AUDREY
18) 17) text: Not going? This is your junior year. How can you not go? ARTHUR
18) 19) text: But it's her junior year, she's not gonna have any memories. ARTHUR
18) 21) text: Nobody buzzes around Alike. ARTHUR
30) 3) dialog: Do what your mom says. Audrey scuttles over to where Arthur is now digging throu the open fridge. He pulls out a foil covered plate, tears open one corner, sniffs it.
30) 11) text: Dad, what's wrong with this outfit? ARTHUR
30) 14) text: I'm not gonna argue with you. ARTHUR
30) 16) text: Dad-- ARTHUR
30) 22) text: Okay, okay. ARTHUR
30) 25) text: Did you talk to her? ARTHUR
30) 27) text: I'm talking about Lee. ARTHUR
30) 29) text: I'm tired of this tomboy thing she's got going on. And Laura. You said you were going to handle it. ARTHUR
30) 31) text: She needs a male point of view. ARTHUR
30) 33) text: It's Sunday morning. ARTHUR
30) 34) text: It goes with the spaghetti. Audrey lifts a beer out of the fridge and slides it in fr of Arthur. She pulls up a chair as he plows through the m her expression softening as she caresses his forearm. AUDREY
30) 35) text: Do you have to work tonight? ARTHUR
30) 40) text: We both made sacrifices. Alike stomps back into the kitchen wearing the pink v-nec that Audrey bought her and an unflattering pleat-front sk Arthur stifles a giggle behind his beer can. ARTHUR
30) 44) text: Tuck your blouse in. ARTHUR
30) 45) text: Leave it out. Audrey frowns at Arthur. Arthur stands his ground. ARTHUR (CONT'D)
30) 49) text: Dad, I hardly ever-- ARTHUR
30) 57) dialog: Nope. Sleep.
30) 59) dialog: I said NO!! Arthur slams his fork on the plate. Audrey flinches. Alik looks up. Sharonda appears in the doorway, looking from Audrey to Arthur.
30) 61) dialog: Alike, you look beautiful. Everybody looks beautiful, okay? Arthur disappears into the bedroom. Alike snatches up her bible and launches out the door, Sharonda follows. Audrey pulls on her sunglasses and hat and slams the door behind her.
35) 0) text: Alike and Arthur cavort in a sloppy half-court game in th fluorescent glare of the gym. Well-heeled clientele cross and fro munching power bars and sipping Gatorade. Arthur an awful shot, but Alike's is worse. Alike heaves a huge airball past the basket.
35) 2) dialog: Oh my God!! Alike cracks up as Arthur chases down the ball.
35) 3) dialog: That's just embarrassing!
35) 5) dialog: Yeah but at least I hit the backboard. Damn. Alike rushes to guard Arthur who dribbles clumsily around key. He tries a crossover move and lobs an ugly shot towa the basket.
35) 7) dialog: What's the score?
35) 9) dialog: One?
35) 11) dialog: One? Nah, I definitely have like three. At least three. Giggling, the pair rollick in another squeaky-shoed play.
36) 0) text: MACK, the store proprietor leans against the counter flip through a newspaper. Arthur, in uniform mulls through the sports section. A ratty looking man, SOCK sips from a red plastic cup. Mack cranks the volume on the tiny television above the counter.
36) 2) text: It's on again... Check it out Free. Channel 5 and Channel 2. Arthur appears on the TV screen, dressed in suit, tie, sunglasses and looking impressive. He is talking to a new reporter and a bad news graphic reading "East Side Drug B Detective Arthur Freeman" blots out the bottom of the scr SOCK
36) 4) text: Brother was looking clean though. Looked just like, look like...uh-- Danny Glover! Arthur and Mack laugh and slap hands. Sock sneers at thei revelry. The bell over the door tinkles and a heavyset BUTCH WOMAN strolls in. Her head is shaved and a thick wallet chain clinks against her ample carpenter pants. All three men t to stare. MACK (CONT'D)
36) 5) text: Been more of that since they opened up that new club `cross the way. Arthur grunts and returns to his paper. SOCK
36) 8) text: Or should I say Sir                        ! Siiiir Hello?!! ARTHUR
36) 13) text: Mind your business. Sock yanks his cup back and turns to resume his taunts. H caught off guard and stumbles backward as the woman pushe to the counter with a case of liquor. Arthur steps out of way and observes. BUTCH WOMAN
36) 25) text: --ask yo' wife how she likes me! The woman winks at Sock. Arthur chokes back a guffaw. As as the woman clears the door, Arthur and Mack explode in laughter. Sock is livid and screams after her. SOCK
36) 27) text: Ask your wife! ARTHUR
36) 31) text: Thought you was my friend, Mack. But I guess I ain't expect you to defend me Free, the way your daughter is-- Arthur slams Sock against the counter before he can finis his sentence.
36) 32) dialog: Say what?! MACK
36) 33) text: He don't mean nothin'! He don't know what he's talking about! Arthur grinds Sock's collar tighter around his trembling fist. Sock glares back, clearly punked. MACK (CONT'D)
36) 37) text: I been to Poughkeepsie! Arthur snorts and flings Sock loose.
36) 40) dialog: I should arrest your ass.
50) 0) text: Audrey lies awake in bed. The clock on the nightstand indicates a little past two in the morning. She looks at sliver of light underneath the bedroom door, the sound of Arthur's key in the door breaks the silence. Arthur's voi in hushed tones. Audrey rolls over and faces the wall.
51) 5) dialog: Come on now, you know that's not what I want. That's not what I'm saying. That's not--listen to me. Are you gonna listen to me?
51) 7) dialog: Lee? Hold on.
52) 2) dialog: No, not you. (into phone)
52) 3) text: Hey, I'll talk to you later, alright? My daughter's up. Arthur flips his cell phone shut and tucks it into his pocket. He fishes a beer out of the fridge.
52) 5) dialog: What you doing up?
52) 9) text: Aren't you hungry? ARTHUR
52) 11) text: You ate at work? ARTHUR
52) 16) text: Hold up. I'm sorry, Alike come on back. Look-- I got patties... Arthur tosses a greasy bag onto the table and pulls out a chair for her.
52) 18) text: And chicken. C'mon. Alike sits happily and the two munch in silence for awhil ARTHUR
52) 22) text: That's right. Want a sip? Arthur offers her the beer. Alike takes it to the head. ARTHUR
52) 23) text: I said a sip. A sip! Arthur snatches the beer from her. They laugh. Alike pick her patty, eating little pieces of crust. ARTHUR (CONT'D)
52) 25) text: Nothin'. Arthur snorts. ALIKE (CONT'D)
52) 26) text: What if--what if...say somebody liked you right? ARTHUR
52) 28) text: Say they like you, like you. ARTHUR
52) 30) text: I mean, they haven't said anything yet. But what if... so what if the person is kinda like a friend, but you know they like you more than that? ARTHUR
52) 32) text: But then what if...What if the person is -- Arthur scents the heavy news packed in Alike's expressive pause and scrambles to intercept her at the pass. ARTHUR (CONT'D)
52) 35) text: Yeah. Arthur pushes back from the table and pulls a fresh polic uniform out the hall closet. He lays it across the back o the couch and unzips his pants. Alike turns her back to g him privacy. ARTHUR
52) 36) text: Say uh--there's this new--uh women's club up there by the liquor store--have you--do you--you haven't heard anything about it, right? Alike shakes her head no. Arthur tucks his undershirt int his pants. ARTHUR (CONT'D)
52) 38) text: Nah, I never even heard of it. ARTHUR
52) 40) text: I'll be careful. ARTHUR
52) 41) text: Good. I know you will. Alike glances back at Arthur and sees that he's decent. S scoots back around to face him. Arthur smooths his unifor shirt into his pants. ALIKE
52) 44) dialog: Yep. Your mama still up?
52) 46) dialog: Tell her I had to work. Arthur picks up his work tote and kisses Alike on the forehead.
52) 47) dialog: Love you.
55) 0) text: Arthur coaches Alike as she navigates the car to a jerky in front of Mack's liquor store.
55) 1) dialog: Easy, easy now. Watch your right hand side.
55) 3) dialog: Don't ride the brakes though. Good.
55) 5) dialog: I don't about that. You're shaky girl, you're shaky. Get us some chips and I'll think about it. Arthur hands Alike a five dollar bill and she bounces dow out of the car.
56) 0) text: Arthur shouts a greeting to Mack who lounges on a plastic chair outside his door. Sock and TWO OTHER MEN chit chat nearby. Their chatter lowers as Arthur approaches. Alike into the store.
56) 4) dialog: Little bit, little bit. I still got it though. Arthur claps Mack on the shoulder and glimpses Sock whispering to one of the men.
56) 6) dialog: We better get going.
56) 8) dialog: I'll holler at you later. Arthur crosses the lot in a bound, snatches the car keys Alike's hand, and hustles her into the car.
56) 9) dialog: Get in the car.
56) 11) dialog: I said get in the car! Alike frowns, then catches sight of the men in front of t store. She slumps into the car and slams the door. Arthur piles into the driver's seat. They sit in silence for a moment, Alike traces the lines in her hands.
57) 1) dialog: Look...umm...you know you're daddy's girl, right? Alike avoids eye contact, staring out her window. Arthur searches her face a moment longer, then starts the car an pulls away in silence.
58) 3) dialog: Hey. AUDREY
58) 5) dialog: Hour. Dad takes a bite of his sandwich and shoves the ingredien back into the fridge. AUDREY
58) 6) text: Did you see the plate in there? ARTHUR
58) 7) text: This is fine. Arthur plops down on an armchair and flips the TV channel sports highlights. Mom scoots over on the couch. AUDREY
58) 8) text: There's room over here. You can see the TV better. ARTHUR
58) 9) text: This is fine. Arthur props his feet up on the coffee table and catches Audrey's hurt expression. He winks at her.
58) 10) dialog: Thank you. AUDREY
58) 12) dialog: Say what?
58) 14) text: You and your daughter. Have you talked to Lee yet? I told you she-- ARTHUR
58) 20) text: Space? She's hardly ever home in the first place and you're just like her, creeping in all hours of the night. Both of you. Running around like you got something to hide, like I'm the big, bad witch and what about me? I'm home by myself all the time and Sharonda's getting older and starting to go out and pretty soon-- ARTHUR
58) 22) text: Did you ask her? Dad slams down his half-eaten sandwich and stands up. ARTHUR
58) 24) text: Your daughter?!! ARTHUR
58) 29) dialog: That's your damn problem, you're too much of a damn worry wart.
58) 31) dialog: Will you shut the fuck up?! Audrey jerks to her feet and flings the book aside.
71) 0) text: Arthur's hand is on the doorknob, a small tote flung over shoulder. Audrey blocks the door, her hands on her hips. both look up as Alike edges into the living room.
71) 2) text: You see, that's exactly what I'm talking about?! Get over here! ARTHUR
71) 4) text: No, you come tell your father what you told me! ARTHUR
71) 6) text: We are not discussing!! I wanna know right now-- ARTHUR
71) 8) text: Your father's leaving us!! ARTHUR
71) 10) text: Sharonda, wake up!! Come see your father leaving us!! ARTHUR
71) 12) text: Come say goodbyeeee!! Audrey shoves Arthur toward the door. Reflexively, Arthur raises his hand at Audrey. Audrey puffs up. AUDREY (CONT'D)
72) 0) text: Arthur and Audrey argue viciously.
72) 1) dialog: No! Dammit, that's not true! Look, will you stop sayin' that?!
72) 4) dialog: Audrey, stop it!! Alike go back to bed!
72) 6) dialog: No you take that back.! You shut the fuck up about that, Audrey! Arthur gets in Audrey's face. Audrey leers back at him. A jumps between them.
72) 10) text: Tell him, Lee! ARTHUR
72) 14) text: Laura's NOT my girlfriend!! ARTHUR
72) 16) text: Tell him! Arthur's expression cracks and he tears his focus from Au to Alike. ARTHUR
72) 19) text: Tell him you're a dyke! You tell him you're a nasty ass dyke!! ARTHUR
72) 23) text: You shut the hell up Audrey!! Arthur extends his arms toward Alike, his voice trembling ARTHUR (CONT'D)
72) 25) text: Dad-- ARTHUR
72) 27) text: You already know. ARTHUR
72) 29) text: It's not a phase! Arthur is stopped cold, his shoulders slump. AUDREY
72) 34) text: This is your fault!! If you had-- Arthur tears into Audrey, spittle flying. ARTHUR
72) 42) text: No you're not!!!!! Audrey's blows become more manic and vicious. Arthur wake from his trance and tries to wrestle Audrey off of Alike. ARTHUR
75) 0) text: Arthur is frozen in the middle of the living room with a contractor trash bag. He stoops and piles the shards of a broken lamp into the bag one by one. Sharonda peeks out a him from her bedroom door. Arthur looks up at her and Sharonda pushes the door shut.
79) 0) text: Arthur, Audrey and Sharonda are pegged around the dinner table. Audrey's make-up fails to cover the dark circles beneath her eyes and Arthur has a week's worth of stubble There is a jagged hole where Alike usually sits. Noticing the asymmetry, Audrey bundles up Alike's place setting an sweeps it onto the floor. Sharonda looks from Audrey to Arthur then into her plate.
79) 2) dialog: Heavenly Father... Audrey thrusts her hands out to Arthur and Sharonda.   Th each take her hand and Arthur begins again.
79) 3) dialog: Dear Heavenly Father we pray... we pray thank you for this food and we pray... we pray for your continued blessing... Arthur stops talking but his head remains bowed. An awkwa silence ensues. Audrey and Sharonda look up at him still holding hands.
79) 6) dialog: Amen. Audrey switches to an overly cheery auto-pilot mode, babb to no one in particular.
80) 0) text: Alike and Laura sit at the edge of the roof sharing a qua of mint chocolate chip ice cream. Sunset paints the citys pink and orange. The faint cadence of children playing dr in and out on a fickle breeze. Alike's wounds are healing she seems happy. The friends exchange wordless smiles and soak in the peacefulness around them. Laura hears a noise at the door and gets up to investigat Arthur is standing in the doorway. Laura calls out to Ali Alike looks up and the smile fades from her face. Arthur tries to move around Laura, but Laura stares him down. La looks back at Alike. Alike considers, then carefully nods Laura steps out of the way and watches Arthur pass. Alike rises to face her father. She stands tall, her weig is centered. Arthur struggles to find her eyes, and she t away from him. Distant playground voices fill the pause.
81) 0) text: Alike sits at the edge of the roof writing in her noteboo Laura swings open the door and Alike looks back in greeti her smile fading as Arthur appears behind her. Laura moti to Alike. Alike considers, then carefully nods. Laura ste aside and watches Arthur pass. Alike wanders to the edge of the roof, Arthur follows. Distant playground voices fill the pause.
81) 2) text: Where's Mom? ARTHUR
81) 3) text: She...your mother couldn't make it. Alike shakes her head and peers into the rusty skyline. Arthur slumps his hands in his pockets and edges closer. ARTHUR (CONT'D)
81) 4) text: Remember our old place? Waaay out in Queens? It was our first apartment, we were so proud. Had all those trees around it? In October, the whooole block would be covered with leaves. You remember. Alike makes no sign. ARTHUR (CONT'D)
81) 5) text: You couldnt've been more than 2 years old. And when the wind would blow, all those leaves would come rushing down the street at us and you thought they were alive. You'd get so scared. You'd cry and you'd scream and beg for us to pick you up. I would try and tell you "they're only leaves, baby" and make you stay on the ground. But you were so afraid and you cried so hard, your mother would always pick you up. She always picked you up. Arthur is silent beneath the weight of his memory. He dar glance over at Alike. ARTHUR (CONT'D)
81) 7) text: I've been accepted into a early college program. Starts in the Spring. Berkeley. ARTHUR
81) 12) text: I need you to meet with my guidance counselor. Sign the paperwork so I can graduate early. ARTHUR
81) 14) text: I need to know now if you'll sign the papers. Yes or no? ARTHUR
81) 17) text: You can always come back home. Things are gonna be different, I promise you-- Alike holds Arthur's hand, stopping him. ALIKE
81) 18) text: Dad, I'm not running. I'm choosing. Arthur's heart breaks, he gasps back a sob. ALIKE (CONT'D)
81) 20) dialog: I know. (beat) Okay. Alike nods, squeezes Arthur's hand. Arthur breathes deepl composing himself. He starts to pull away.
81) 21) dialog: I better-- ALIKE
81) 22) text: Tell Mom that she was right. ARTHUR
81) 26) dialog: You should tell her yourself. Arthur squeezes Alike's hand and drifts away. Alike inhal the sunset.
85) 0) text: The downtown Brooklyn landscape hums against the windshie as Arthur and Alike ride in complete silence. Sharonda ch a thumbnail, peering over the backseat. Laura slumps agai the window, a smirk hiding at the corner of her lips.
86) 0) text: Laura and Sharonda fumble a suitcase out of the trunk of car. Alike shrugs into her backpack. Arthur nudges them a and hefts out the rest of the luggage.
86) 1) dialog: I got it. Arthur slams the trunk shut.
86) 3) dialog: You want me to come in with you? Alike shakes her head. Arthur starts to back away.
86) 4) dialog: Well-- Alike pounces on Arthur in a surprise hug. Arthur squeeze her back.
86) 5) dialog: You can always come back home.
86) 7) dialog: I love you too.
88) 0) text: Sharonda waves maniacally. Alike musters a smile and puts hand on the window. Laura raises a fist. The bus sails aw from the curb. Alike leans forward to keep Laura and Sharonda in sight a long as possible. As she faces front again, she glimpses Arthur, standing in the doorway of the terminal. A passin van blots him from view and she leans back in her seat. A OLD KOREAN WOMAN next to her offers her a piece of ginger candy. Alike pops the candy into her mouth and takes a de breath. Reflections of the retreating city landscape replay acros Alike's face and she is able to hold back neither the smi nor the tears that come.