6) 14) dialog: Lee? Lee?! Alike rolls her eyes at her sister's closed door and shru into her room.
7) 1) dialog: Nice to know you still live here. Alike peels off her socks and slumps on the bed.
7) 2) dialog: What're you doing home so late, anyway?
7) 4) dialog: You know what time your curfew is. Where were you?
7) 6) dialog: The show ended at midnight. And your curfew is twelve thirty.
7) 8) dialog: At least you were cute. Where'd you get that shirt? `Princess'. I like that. Alike winds the princess shirt around her fist and launch to the top of the closet.
7) 11) dialog: Compliments your figure. I saw something just like it on sale, maybe we could go shopping--
7) 13) dialog: I really don't care for that young lady you run around with anyway.
7) 15) dialog: And tie your head up. Alike snags a satin headscarf from the nightstand and sla it around her head.
7) 16) dialog: It's your head. And you really should wash your face, too.
7) 18) dialog: Wash your face anyway.
7) 20) dialog: Watch your tone. (Beat)
7) 21) text: Well, it's your skin. Audrey leaves. Alike is still. She listens for the door t her parent's room to shut before snatching off the scarf storming to the bathroom.
8) 2) dialog: Did you brush your teeth? Alike wets her toothbrush and throws it back into the hol
8) 3) dialog: Lee? Alike squeezes out a dollop of toothpaste and smears a li around the sink. She stares at her reflection.
8) 4) dialog: Lee? Alike flicks water droplets at the mirror for good measur
16) 0) text: Audrey is a heat-seeking missile, whipping through the sp hallways of the trauma wing, her clipboard and pen in constant motion. NURSES and AIDES scatter in her wake, suddenly busying themselves with little bits of chore wor avoid her caustic gaze. She barks at a cluster of CLERKS chatting in the elevator bank and all but one manage to escape. Audrey drills her.
16) 1) dialog: Oh, so your log is all up to date?
16) 3) dialog: And you've checked the round for any calls?
16) 6) dialog: Do you even know which doctors are on the floor?
16) 8) dialog: Then I suggest you get busy. The clerk skitters off red-faced, and Audrey looks dagger into her back before storming the break room.
17) 0) text: Audrey whisks her lunch bag out of the fridge and heads toward a table. A few lounging AIDES wad up their garbage flee the break room. Audrey settles down at the table and pulls a fashion magazine from her work tote, pretending n to be hurt. She peels open a cup of vanilla yogurt and be reading. A big red department store bag sits next to her tote. The television suspended over the table mumbles corporate healthcare infomercials. MRS. SINGLETARY, one o Audrey's co-workers swoops in and plops a plastic grocery on the table across from her.
17) 2) dialog: No, not at all. Help yourself.
17) 4) dialog: Oh, no. Just some yogurt. Some vanilla yogurt.
17) 6) dialog: Oh I'm...I don't know where my mind is...Yeah, this is just uh--well let me get your opinion. Audrey's steely exterior melts away and suddenly she is a butterflies and giggles. She rifles through the bag and hoists out a pink ribbed v-neck sweater.
17) 8) text: Oh that's nice. AUDREY
17) 10) text: Umm-hmm. That's for your daughter? AUDREY
17) 12) text: The youngest one. AUDREY
17) 14) text: Oh, the other one. Okay. AUDREY
17) 17) dialog: Thank you. MRS. SINGLETARY
17) 18) text: It'll compliment her figure. AUDREY
17) 19) text: Now see that's what I thought... But Lee doesn't like anything I pick out for her anymore. Mrs. Singletary takes a bite of her lunch and takes the sweater from Audrey. MRS. SINGLETARY
17) 26) text: None of yo' damn business!! The co-workers hoot in unison and descend upon the variou parts of the breakroom. Audrey shoves the sweater back in bag and nestles it between her feet. Somebody cranks on a small radio and a frisky R&amp;B beat invades the air. Mr Singletary pats Audrey on the arm. MRS. SINGLETARY
17) 27) text: Let me know how it goes. AUDREY
18) 0) text: Audrey, Sharonda, Alike, and their father, ARTHUR, 40- something with a used-to-be athletic build, are all gathe around the dinner table for a rare family dinner. Everyon takes half-hearted nibbles at their food avoiding eye con with each other. Sharonda picks at her food.
18) 5) dialog: Girls. The phone rings and Arthur beats a path to bedroom to get Audrey wilts.
18) 7) dialog: This is your father's night off. Alike casts a glance in the direction of the bedroom, whe Arthur can be heard talking in hushed tones. She rolls he eyes and slinks down into her seat.
18) 8) dialog: So straighten up. Arthur settles back into his chair, his mood a little brighter. Seeing an opportunity for brownie points, Sharo pitches in.
18) 11) dialog: Oh really? SHARONDA
18) 12) text: Yeah. Which means I'll be able to go to Autumn Ball and the Homecoming Dance. AUDREY
18) 14) text: I don't know. Maybe Derek. If he asks me. Maybe Parrish. I haven't decided yet. But for homecoming, I definitely want to go with Craig. AUDREY
18) 16) text: Umm. I'm not going. Arthur gives Alike an approving Daddy's girl wink. Alike beams back. AUDREY
18) 18) text: Leave her alone Audrey, if doesn't want to go, she doesn't have to go. AUDREY
23) 47) text: I'm still tellin' AUDREY
23) 48) text: Tellin' what? Audrey peers into the bedroom from the hallway, still dre for work, shoulder stooped from the weight of her tote ba
23) 51) text: Hi Mrs. Freeman. AUDREY
23) 55) dialog: Well I hope so. And I'm so glad to hear your sisters finally getting back on her feet. Wasn't she--
23) 58) dialog: I think we'll just leave this open. Let some air circulate in here.
26) 0) text: Alike slips off her shoes and eases through the kitchen. Audrey flicks on the light, blocking the hallway entrance
26) 1) dialog: I hope it was worth it.
26) 3) dialog: Save it.
26) 6) dialog: Oh I know it won't.
29) 1) dialog: Turn that mess off!! Alike turns the television volume to low and continues watching.
29) 2) dialog: Sharonda?! Sharonda are you ready?! Stop lollygagging!
29) 4) dialog: Lee are you ready?! Lee?! Audrey hobbles out with one high heel on. She snatches th remote from Alike and snaps the TV off.
29) 5) dialog: I said off. Thought you were ready?
29) 8) dialog: You're not going to church looking like that. Where's the blouse I bought you?
30) 1) dialog: Hey there, you're home early--well actually late. I thought you would have called--
30) 4) dialog: Are you hungry? Let me heat it up for you. Arthur heads toward the microwave with the plate. Audrey intercepts the plate from him and dumps the contents into skillet.
30) 5) dialog: I'll heat it up on the stove for you. Tastes better.
30) 7) dialog: Lee!
30) 9) text: Leave me out of it. AUDREY
30) 13) text: See? AUDREY
30) 17) text: (speaking bad Tarzan Swahili) Umgowa! AUDREY
30) 19) text: Hey Dad! AUDREY
30) 21) text: It's lipgloss. Audrey wheels on Sharonda with a death glare. SHARONDA (CONT'D)
30) 26) text: Get me a beer, please. Sharonda's fine. AUDREY
30) 28) text: Alike. And I don't see that there's a problem. AUDREY
30) 30) text: Umm-hmm. AUDREY
30) 32) text: I said okay, dammit! Now can I please have a beer please? AUDREY
30) 34) text: It goes with the spaghetti. Audrey lifts a beer out of the fridge and slides it in fr of Arthur. She pulls up a chair as he plows through the m her expression softening as she caresses his forearm. AUDREY
30) 36) text: To put food on the table and clothes on our backs, no. To go out to restaurants and keep designer sneakers in the closet, yes. AUDREY
30) 39) text: Are you forever going to be happy? (beat) You made that decision a long time ago. AUDREY
30) 40) text: We both made sacrifices. Alike stomps back into the kitchen wearing the pink v-nec that Audrey bought her and an unflattering pleat-front sk Arthur stifles a giggle behind his beer can. ARTHUR
30) 41) text: You look beautiful, baby. AUDREY
30) 43) text: This isn't me. AUDREY
30) 45) text: Leave it out. Audrey frowns at Arthur. Arthur stands his ground. ARTHUR (CONT'D)
30) 51) text: Dad, come on... AUDREY
30) 56) dialog: You coming with us?
30) 58) dialog: We could go to a later service. The one o'clock--
31) 0) text: Alike sits in the passenger seat of the car as Audrey chi chats with other churchgoers. Sharonda sits in the back seat, flipping through a CD case and occasionally passing CD's to Alike to play. Alike faces stonily forward except cast impatient glances in Audrey's direction. Audrey raps the window.
31) 1) dialog: Lee! Lee! Here's someone I want you to meet. Alike cracks the window an inch.
31) 3) text: Huh? Audrey motions to Bina standing by with her mother, Ms. Singletary. Alike cracks the window a little wider and acknowledges them with a half-hearted wave. ALIKE (CONT'D)
31) 4) text: Oh. Hey. AUDREY
31) 5) text: Get down out the car and come speak. Laboriously, Alike rolls the window back up, turns off th car radio, and climbs down out of the car. AUDREY (CONT'D)
31) 7) text: Alright, Mom. AUDREY
31) 9) text: Oh don't worry, Audrey, I understand how it is. Hormones. It's just a phase. AUDREY
31) 19) text: Hi there, nice to meet you. AUDREY
31) 23) text: Yup. Audrey looks pleased with herself. Alike squirms. AUDREY
31) 25) text: Oh no, we won't. AUDREY
31) 30) dialog: Alrighty, I'll be around. Take care. Alike toots the horn. Audrey circles and gets in the driv side.
32) 2) dialog: I don't know what your problem is.
32) 5) dialog: I know God doesn't make mistakes. I know that much. An invisible scab is ripped open in Alike and the fire di in her eyes. Satisfied, Audrey slips the car into gear.
32) 6) dialog: You may not like Bina, but you're certainly gonna be spending much less time with that Laura person, I guarantee you that much.
32) 8) dialog: Be quiet. Nobody's putting in anything. I'm gonna listen to what I want to listen to for a change. Alike wilts against the window and tacky zydeco music lea from the car as it jerks away from the curb and into traf
39) 0) text: Audrey sits between Alike's knees as Alike oils her scalp Alike takes her time, massaging each braid between her ha before moving to the next. Audrey reads an Essence magazi the cover of which reads "101 Ways to Please Your Man."
39) 3) dialog: Your father likes it up.
39) 5) dialog: Maybe. Anyway give this back to Bina's mom when you go over tomorrow night.
39) 7) dialog: We talked about this.
39) 9) dialog: Lee--
39) 11) dialog: Well, you don't have to go to Bina's on Saturday night, you can always stay home with me.
40) 21) text: Hello? Hi Audrey. Yes. Yeah she's here. I understand-- Alike sulks. Bina flips to the back of the CD book. BINA
41) 0) text: Audrey smooths a pink sticky note onto a foil covered pla and shoves it into the fridge. The doorbell rings and she rushes across the room and opens the door in her most sin song voice.
41) 1) dialog: He-llooo.
41) 3) dialog: She's out with her friend right now, Laura. You take care. Audrey starts to close the door.   Laura stops it with he hand.
41) 5) dialog: No, I believe she's out for the evening.
41) 7) dialog: Goodnight. Audrey shuts the door harder than necessary. Laura checks phone and shakes her head.
50) 0) text: Audrey lies awake in bed. The clock on the nightstand indicates a little past two in the morning. She looks at sliver of light underneath the bedroom door, the sound of Arthur's key in the door breaks the silence. Arthur's voi in hushed tones. Audrey rolls over and faces the wall.
58) 0) text: Audrey reclines on the couch reading a book. The doorknob jiggles and Audrey folds the book against her chest, pretending to be asleep.
58) 7) text: This is fine. Arthur plops down on an armchair and flips the TV channel sports highlights. Mom scoots over on the couch. AUDREY
58) 9) text: This is fine. Arthur props his feet up on the coffee table and catches Audrey's hurt expression. He winks at her.
58) 16) dialog: You did? ARTHUR
58) 18) dialog: Boyfriend? ARTHUR
58) 19) text: Just give her some space. AUDREY
58) 21) text: I don't have anything to hide. Look I told you I talked to Alike and everything is fine. AUDREY
58) 23) text: No, because I didn't have to. Besides,I would know okay? If anybody would know, it would be me. I know my daughter-- AUDREY
58) 27) dialog: So now all of a sudden she's just your daughter?!
58) 30) dialog: Let's hope you're right, Detective.
58) 32) dialog: An hour? Really? I'm not your dumb damn floozy in the street. And you will not talk to me that way. Audrey slaps the sandwich off Arthur's plate and storms t the bedroom. Arthur sees Sharonda peeking from her bedroo door but can't summon any words. Sharonda skitters into Alike's bedroom.
68) 0) text: Lee bursts into the living room and charges to her bedroo Audrey, who has been waiting in the living room storms in after her.
68) 1) dialog: Where in the hell have you been?! Alike kicks off her shoes and paces the room.
68) 2) dialog: You hear me talking to you ?! Where you been? You left Bina's hours ago!!!! Lee--
68) 7) dialog: LEE--don't you dare--Alike--I am your Mother-- Audrey melts back against the doorjamb. Alike slings off shirt and slams the door in Audrey's face. A livid Audrey bangs on the door and jiggles the handle.
68) 8) dialog: You must have lost your damn mind! Wait until your father gets home!
70) 0) text: Alike jerks awake in her bed, a pillow pulled down around ears. The sound of a muffled argument leaks from her parents's bedroom. The shouting gets louder, and Alike si upright in her bed as her father's footsteps boom past he doorway and into the living room. Audrey's voice trails h down the hallway, and Alike scrambles into a t-shirt and shorts.
71) 0) text: Arthur's hand is on the doorknob, a small tote flung over shoulder. Audrey blocks the door, her hands on her hips. both look up as Alike edges into the living room.
71) 3) text: Go back to bed! AUDREY
71) 5) text: Don't drag her into this, Audrey! (to Alike) Go to your room, Alike. Your mom and I are having a discussion. AUDREY
71) 7) text: Go to your room! AUDREY
71) 9) text: I am not leaving you!! AUDREY
71) 11) text: I'm not fucking leaving!! Will you stop saying that?! AUDREY
71) 12) text: Come say goodbyeeee!! Audrey shoves Arthur toward the door. Reflexively, Arthur raises his hand at Audrey. Audrey puffs up. AUDREY (CONT'D)
72) 0) text: Arthur and Audrey argue viciously.
72) 2) dialog: It's the truth!! Alike edges back into the living room, Audrey wheels on h Arthur is beaten and cornered.
72) 3) dialog: Your daddy's got a new girlfriend! Or did you already know that?! You know, I bet you did!!
72) 5) dialog: Meanwhile, your daughter's turning into a damn man right before your very eyes, and you can't even see it!! Arthur drops his tote and advances toward Audrey, levelin stiff finger at her face.
72) 9) text: Go back to bed, Alike!! AUDREY
72) 12) text: Mom, stoppit please!? AUDREY
72) 15) text: What the hell are you talking about?! You don't know what the hell are you talking about. Alike, please just go to your room, baby! Alike drops her gaze and backs away. AUDREY
72) 18) text: I'm not tellin' you nothin'. AUDREY
72) 20) text: No she's not gay. Alike we didn't raise you that way, baby. Eyes still downcast, Alike just shakes her head and backs away. AUDREY
72) 23) text: You shut the hell up Audrey!! Arthur extends his arms toward Alike, his voice trembling ARTHUR (CONT'D)
72) 29) text: It's not a phase! Arthur is stopped cold, his shoulders slump. AUDREY
72) 33) text: There's nothing wrong with me! AUDREY
72) 34) text: This is your fault!! If you had-- Arthur tears into Audrey, spittle flying. ARTHUR
72) 40) text: Say it again! Say it again! Alike fends off Audrey's blows with her hands. She kicks angrily as Audrey towers over her. ALIKE
72) 41) text: I'm a lesbian! Yeah, I'm a dyke. AUDREY
72) 42) text: No you're not!!!!! Audrey's blows become more manic and vicious. Arthur wake from his trance and tries to wrestle Audrey off of Alike. ARTHUR
72) 43) text: That's enough! Stop it! AUDREY
72) 45) text: Get offa me!! AUDREY
72) 50) dialog: 
72) 53) dialog: 
76) 0) text: Audrey sits at the edge of her bed in a housecoat. Her ha is ruffled and flyaway. Her ankles are crossed and her ha are dead birds in her lap. Her work clothes are laid out neat line beside her: shirt, pants, socks, and shoes on t floor right underneath. The telephone begins to ring, but Audrey does not hear it.
78) 0) text: Audrey, still in her housecoat, stares into the refrigera transfixed by the mountain of foil-covered plates. Her ey are cried-out buttons. Suddenly she remembers to breathe, her breaths come raggedly tearing out fresh tears. She ya a foil-covered plate, dumps its contents into the trash c and tosses the plate into the sink. She dumps another and another, her composure returning with each plate tossed. the time she gets to the last one, her breathing slows an returns to normal. She disappears into the bedroom and reappears with the red shopping bag. She calmly lifts out pink blouse and stuffs it into the garbage. She wads up t shopping bag and stuffs it in too. She takes a deep breat and wipes her sleeve across her nose.
78) 1) dialog: Okay.
79) 0) text: Arthur, Audrey and Sharonda are pegged around the dinner table. Audrey's make-up fails to cover the dark circles beneath her eyes and Arthur has a week's worth of stubble There is a jagged hole where Alike usually sits. Noticing the asymmetry, Audrey bundles up Alike's place setting an sweeps it onto the floor. Sharonda looks from Audrey to Arthur then into her plate.
79) 1) dialog: You want to say grace? Arthur clears his throat.
79) 5) dialog: Amen!
79) 7) dialog: I got this recipe from a magazine. Supposed to be very good. And you see I made those green beans you like. Sharonda pass the rice please. Sharonda, staring at her father doesn't reach for the bow
82) 0) text: Audrey is cleaned up, well-dressed and freshly put togeth She sits alone at the lunch table, crunching an apple. A bible and a daily devotional guide are spread open in fro of her. Alike knocks on the glass, and Audrey looks up stunned. Alike comes in and sits across from her. Audrey glances around, concerned about passing coworkers.
82) 2) dialog: Lee--Alike. How've you been?
82) 4) dialog: He told me, yes.
82) 6) dialog: I just hope you're keeping yourself safe.
82) 9) dialog: I'll be praying for you.