0) 4) dialog: Where your singles at?!! Where your singles at?!! Yeah, baby! Laura strains over Alike's shoulder to tuck a bill into t dancer's boot. Alike drops her beer in all the jostling.
0) 8) dialog: Whatchu' come here for?! Alike shoves the dollar bill into Laura's chest and shoul her way past the wall of onlookers surrounding the stage. Laura shrugs, puts the bill in her teeth and lays her hea the edge of the stage. Alike looks away and breaks throug snarl of clubgoers just as the dancer begins to descend.
3) 0) text: Laura dances with a cute SHORT HAIRED GIRL. Alike spots the pair from afar and heads in their directi
3) 2) dialog: Huh?
3) 4) dialog: Hold on a minute.
3) 6) dialog: What?
3) 8) dialog: What?
3) 10) dialog: Lemme dance with shortie first, then I'll be ready.
3) 12) dialog: Stop pulling on my clothes!
3) 16) dialog: I could've gotten more, but your moms was holding me up.
3) 18) dialog: How many you get?
3) 20) dialog: Ain't Shelley that chick from your math class?! Denise... What? These are your damn study group numbers! Why you frontin'?! Alike snatches the phone and wipes the screen with her sleeve.
3) 22) dialog: I'm not the one looking for a girlfriend, man. You the one still a virgin!
3) 24) dialog: Trying to help your ass. I'm sayin', whatchu waitin' for?! Alike shrugs it off, her smile fading a little. Laura elb her and sneers.
3) 26) dialog: Kickin' that same `ol quiet shit since 6th grade. I don't need to press, I gets plenty. Shit.
3) 28) dialog: I get more pussy than your daddy, nigga, what?!
4) 0) text: Alike becomes more quiet and less playful as the ride wea on. A middle-class Bronx landscape, well-lit with a newly constructed Starbucks and renovated condos flits by the window. Alike reaches over and presses the tape. Laura el Alike.
4) 1) dialog: Quit playing.
4) 3) dialog: Huh?
4) 5) dialog: Nah, I'll roll with you a few more stops.
4) 7) dialog: Make sure you get home okay. The bus pulls to the curb. The light flicks on over the b door.
4) 10) dialog: (to bus driver)
4) 11) text: That's alright man--next stop. Next stop! Alike elbows Laura sharply. The bus driver frowns in the view.
4) 12) dialog: You ain't gotta push me, why're you beastin'?
4) 14) dialog: You got a problem. Call me.
19) 0) text: Laura brings a steaming cup of Ramen noodles to a worn kitchen table splayed with bills. Her older sister CANDAC a stout 30 something with pleasant but hard-working looks scribbles notes on the back of an envelope while soaking feet. Laura takes a sip of her soup and starts sifting through a pile of envelopes.
19) 1) dialog: How much we paid him last time?
19) 3) dialog: So that makes--we owe another two seventy-five for the rest of the month. Candace pecks on a calculator and scribbles on the envelo Laura flips through more bills.
19) 4) dialog: Electric?
19) 6) dialog: Phone?
19) 8) dialog: Gas?
19) 10) dialog: Eighty-five.
19) 14) text: No. You know what you need to do. LAURA
19) 16) text: I was doing just fine before you moved in, remember? I can handle it. Laura sucks her teeth. CANDACE (CONT'D)
19) 17) text: You working was only supposed to be temporary. Mom would've wanted-- LAURA
19) 19) text: She would've-- LAURA
19) 20) text: Stop. Laura pushes up from the table and glares at Candace, a showdown. Candace stares back, unfazed. Laura caves first LAURA (CONT'D)
19) 21) text: I'll get the money orders in the morning. Laura tugs at the envelope but Candace doesn't let go rig away. LAURA (CONT'D)
19) 22) text: I'll look into it alright? Candace relinquishes the envelope and Laura stalks off do the hallway to her room. CANDACE
19) 25) dialog: I said I'll look into it! Candace smiles wanly and sips her soup. She takes a foot of the water and kneads it.
22) 0) text: Laura hoists a box of french fries onto her shoulder and moves inside the restaurant.
22) 1) dialog: Watch out, it's slippery.
22) 3) dialog: I already told you what I think.
22) 5) dialog: I said I know of her, I don't know her know her. Alike hefts up a box and follows Laura back into the restaurant.
22) 7) text: I'm saying, you know her friend, right? You gonna introduce us? LAURA
22) 9) text: You listening? LAURA
22) 10) text: I'm listening--all I'm saying is-- pass me that milkshake mix right there. Alike tosses Laura a bladder of milkshake mix. Laura catc it. LAURA
22) 12) text: She does. LAURA
22) 14) text: I just know she does. LAURA
22) 15) text: Hmmph. We'll see. Laura holds out her hand as if checking for rain and scan the ceiling. ALIKE
22) 16) text: What're you doing? LAURA
22) 21) text: I don't want to holla at girls in the club. LAURA
22) 23) text: I wanted to ask you about something else too. LAURA
22) 25) text: I need you to get something for me. LAURA
22) 26) text: What?! Alike cocks her head at Laura. Laura frowns back. LAURA
22) 28) text: Just for my image. Alike raises her eyebrow. Laura shakes her head. The ligh bulb goes off. She roars in disbelief. LAURA
22) 30) text: Please. LAURA
22) 34) dialog: Next Friday?! Okay-- Whatever. Oh my God I can't believe you ! Alright. Yeah. She better be cute for all of this...
23) 1) dialog: I think it looks natural. A peach-colored dildo dangles stiffly from Alike's waist. The harness bunches her boxers in clumsy tufts. Alike appraises the racially inappropriate apparatus and shoots Laura a look.
23) 2) dialog: I'm serious, I mean it doesn't look that bad.
23) 4) dialog: What?!
23) 6) dialog: Well, first of all-- I don't think its supposed to be on top of your underwear like that.
23) 8) dialog: It's supposed to fit like that.
23) 11) text: I didn't have time for all of that. The brown ones were too big, anyway. Alike struggling with the apparatus.   Laura smiles. ALIKE
23) 12) text: Ugh! You gotta take it back. LAURA
23) 14) text: Here's the receipt! LAURA
23) 22) dialog: Shhh!! ALIKE
23) 25) text: Eeew.    Get it offa me! LAURA
23) 28) text: I'm tellin' that you got that thing. LAURA
23) 33) text: (to Laura) See, I told you so. SHARONDA
23) 41) dialog: Shhh!! SHARONDA
23) 42) text: Don't touch it with that... eeww that's so nasty. C'mon Lee give it back. LAURA
23) 50) text: Lee... (notices Laura) Oh. Hello Laura, I didn't see you standing there. LAURA
23) 54) dialog: I haven't spoken to her in awhile. She's fine.
23) 56) dialog: She's good.
23) 59) dialog: I was just about to leave, anyway. So... Audrey lingers, looking back and forth between Laura and Alike. Alike frowns at her mother. Satisfied that the conversation is over, Audrey moves off toward her room. Laura checks to make sure she's gone and whispers to Alike.
23) 60) dialog: Just try it.
24) 1) dialog: Will you chill? You just gotta get used to it. Alike tugs at her crotch and attempts to cross her legs.
24) 4) dialog: Sit still, people gon' think you got something.
24) 6) dialog: You not gon' take it off.
24) 8) dialog: Where you gonna take it off at?
24) 10) dialog: Then where you gon' put it? You gonna walk around the club with a dick in your hand? Chill. I knew we shouldn't have done this. You blowin' me right now.
24) 12) dialog: Nah, you're `bout to stay and go through this. You're the one who wanted to meet her, not me.
25) 0) text: Laura is hugged up with two girls at the end of the couch Alike fidgets in her seat and keeps pulling at the knees her jeans. Mika hand in chin, stares into space. Alike do another pull-fidget combo. Mika rolls her eyes at her.
25) 7) dialog: Hey ya'll we're about to go dance!
30) 29) text: I'm tired of this tomboy thing she's got going on. And Laura. You said you were going to handle it. ARTHUR
30) 46) text: I think it's fine out. What's the deal with you and Laura?
34) 3) dialog: It's good. Candace smiles at Laura and hesitates before closing the door. Candace turns the radio off before ducking back out Laura sighs and flips back to the beginning of the book.
37) 0) text: Laura swings through the front door of her apartment, Ali close behind. She slides two twenty dollar bills undernea the ceramic hen on the table and breezes into her bedroom
38) 0) text: Alike is a paper doll in Laura's floor length mirror, dre only in boxers and a wife beater. Laura holds a bright or polo shirt up in front of Alike's torso. Alike cocks her to the side and considers.
38) 1) dialog: Damn, this is your color. So what's the deal incog-negro?
38) 4) text: Your phone ain't broke. You coulda called a nigga. Put this on. Laura pulls away the orange polo shirt and hands Alike a turquoise one instead. Alike hoists the oversized shirt o her head. ALIKE
38) 5) text: My bad. She's making me hang out with this chick from church. It's crazy. LAURA
38) 6) text: Makin' you?! You a grown-ass woman, bruh! Laura shakes her head as she plucks a brand new baseball from the wall rack and drops it onto Alike's head. Alike considers and takes it off. Laura puts another cap in its place. Before Alike can object, Laura tosses her a pair o denim shorts. LAURA (CONT'D)
38) 8) text: I don't even know if that's me anymore. Alike struggles into the jean shorts, widening her stance they don't fall down. Laura tosses her a belt and admires Alike's reflection. LAURA
38) 10) text: I was gonna see if you wanna do something different? Alike strips off the baseball cap and hangs it back on th rack. LAURA
38) 14) dialog: Open mic? Nah, man. It's plenty chicks at the piers, you just gotta be more confident. Laura crosses to her closet and scans its inventory. The jeans are arranged crisply on hangers from light to dark some still have store tags. Most of the shirts are still enclosed in protective plastic covers from the dry cleane Laura passes Alike a perfectly folded button down shirt.
38) 15) dialog: You can rock this. I haven't even worn it yet. But I understand if you got better things to do. Alike holds the shirt against her torso and stares at her reflection. She catches Laura's eager look in the mirror wilts.
38) 17) dialog: You sure? I don't want you getting hemmed up.
38) 19) dialog: Real?
38) 21) dialog: That's what's up! I'ma take the whole day off. It's gonna be tight watch... we gon' do it up! Laura holds a new pair of jeans against her body and does little dance. Alike laughs wanly.
41) 2) dialog: Hello Mrs. Freeman. Is Lee home please?
41) 4) dialog: Oh. Umm do you know when she'll be back?
41) 6) dialog: Oh, because we had umm... alright then... Thank you.
43) 0) text: The pier is a parade of mohawks, curly weaves, tight jean and rainbow belts as groups of baby dykes, young queens, gender queer youth of all shades of brown stroll cavort, strut seeing and wanting to be seen. Equally bedecked observers hoot and yell from bench and rail perches on bo sides. Laura jabs numbers into her cell phone. Competing threads of house music throb across the boardwalk in muff bursts as groups of ballers vogue and prance behind her.
43) 2) dialog: Where you at? Hit me up when you get here.
45) 0) text: Laura scowls at her cell phone screen. She shoves the pho in her pocket and pulls her hoodie up against the chill o the evening. Brake lights bathe Laura and her circle of A in red as late-night predators cruise the strip for fresh meat. Laura catches sight of shady sexual encounters in a alley across the street and looks away. One of the entour passes Laura a joint and she inhales deeply. A few of the girls have backpacks and the group is pensive as they bre off and scatter into the night one by one.
48) 12) text: My friend Laura used to go there. Not now, but she's going back. BINA
49) 0) text: Laura and a group of friends play a rowdy game of spades. cute Puerto Rican girl is draped around Laura's neck like PERSONAL CHEERLEADER. Music blasts from the TV but doesn' drown out the hoots and banter of the rollicking entourag There is a knock at the door.
49) 2) text: You'll get that for me? One of the friends breaks away from the pack, opens the d without greeting and walks away. Alike is left alone to escort herself in. Laura hardly looks up as Alike stops a the fringes of the pack. ALIKE
49) 3) text: Wassup man. A collective grumble of greeting goes up around the table although no one addresses Alike directly. Laura slams the table and raises her hands in triumph. LAURA
49) 5) text: Awww, we shoulda been done set you! Laura slaps hands with her partner. The unlucky pair of partners argue. The personal cheerleader kisses Laura on neck. Alike looks away. PERSONAL CHEERLEADER
49) 6) text: Good game, baby! LAURA
49) 8) text: Just came to say wassup. LAURA
49) 10) text: Three, maybe four. LAURA
49) 11) text: We goin' eight!! Roars of disbelief from around the table. Alike is quickl forgotten in the ruckus. Alike circles to Laura's side. T personal cheerleader looks her up and down. ALIKE
49) 12) text: Can I talk to you for a second? LAURA
49) 15) text: Yo, I'm busy right now. More raucous laughter from the table. Alike endures anoth few moments of card slapping, table pounding dejection be leaning into Laura's ear.
49) 17) dialog: I said later! Wide-eyed silence and scattered snickers around the table Laura resumes her hand and the game banter cranks back up Alike picks up her face and slips away.
49) 19) dialog: Mind your business. Bam! That's what I thought! Laura slaps another card on the table and takes a deep sw of water.
53) 0) text: Laura jams a pillow into a t-shirt as a makeshift pillowc as she escorts one of the pier girls to the couch. The pi girl looks slightly unkempt and is relieved to plop her knapsack on the floor. Laura tosses the pillow onto the couch.
53) 1) dialog: My sister gets home at six so, you gotta be gone by then.
53) 3) dialog: There's some lunchmeat in there too, help yourself.
54) 8) text: I don't know--I need to try and catch up with Laura.
61) 0) text: Lights glisten across the Hudson River--distant orbs reflected in a thousand shimmering faux stars in weak defiance against the night sky. A sodium vapor glow veils everything in generous haloes, making the night more beautiful than it really is. Dancing silhouettes, laughing, playing, yelling, flying, always dancing silhouettes punctuate the summer breeze wi clapping set to the rhythm of soulful house. Like Puck on midsummer's night, like Peter Pan and his lost boys. Amon the silhouettes is Laura, enthroned atop a railing. Laura smoking a joint grandly, surrounded by an adoring circle, sycophantic harem of four.
62) 0) text: Laura cuffs Alike on the neck, pulling Alike's hoodie up her face. Alike's laugh is tentative at first, not sure whether this is play or for real. Laura chuckles, breakin the ice. The pair slapbox and rough house, both missing w wild arcing blows. Laura aims a mini charge at Alike that lifts her off the ground and deposits her a short distanc away. Alike swipes Laura's hat. Laura claps Alike on the shoulder and Alike waves to Bina. Bina waves and smiles.
62) 3) dialog: This one's just for me and you. Alike waves it off, oblivious and intoxicated with the ni
62) 6) dialog: Look, I'm right here. Alike snaps out of it.
62) 8) text: Oh my bad, I thought you were beside me. Anyway, I was thinking-- LAURA
62) 10) text: No, it's cool. I shoulda-- LAURA
62) 12) text: C'mon man, you know you're my best friend. Nobody's gonna -- LAURA
62) 13) text: You don't need to say anything. I just wanted to get it off my chest. I'm happy for you, that's all. Alike shakes her head. Her mouth moves but nothing comes LAURA (CONT'D)
62) 14) text: Because I love you, alright? And I'm sayin'...I'm right here. Alike is stopped cold, as the light bulb finally goes off Laura takes a long drag on the joint. Bina and Mika stumb over giggling. Bina hooks Alike's arm. Mika kisses Laura the neck. Laura snaps out of her gaze, her familiar smirk creeping back. MIKA
62) 15) text: We goin' to get something to eat? LAURA
62) 17) text: Listen, umm-- Laura pinches out the joint and hands it to Mika who tuck away. LAURA
62) 21) text: Byyeee!!                           Hey hold up! Laura pumps a lazy    fist in the air in acknowledgement. takes Alike's hand    and slowly drags her away. Alike ke looking back, then    finally gives up. Laura looks back Alike turns around    and disappears around the corner.
64) 0) text: Laura stands over the kitchen table shuffling through the mail. She pauses at a stiff envelope with her name on it. return address reads "NYS Educational &amp; Testing Servi She flips the envelope over and looks around, she rips th top off and eases the top of a slip out of the envelope. top of the slip reads "'Campbell, Laura' GED TESTING
65) 0) text: Laura shifts her weight on a painted concrete porch outsi small wooden frame home. The paint is peeling and the flo in the window-box are dead. A rusted metal mailbox next t the door overflows with circulars. Laura lifts the circul out of the box and trashes them. She picks up a discarded fast food bag and tosses it too. A dog barks from a neighboring yard. Laura pulls open the screen door and tr to peer in through the diamond shaped window in the main door, but it's covered over in aluminum foil. More barkin Laura surveys the street and bangs hard on the door. She snaps the screen door back and takes a big step backward. Laura shifts her weight and smooths her shirt. LAURA'S MOTHER, 54, and no-nonsense opens the door and frowns dow Laura through the screen.
65) 1) dialog: Oh. Laura's mother crosses her arms and looks at Laura up and down.
65) 3) text: Thought you might've stepped out or something? How've you been? Laura's mother frowns up and down the block before refocu on Laura. Laura takes a step closer to the door. LAURA (CONT'D)
65) 4) text: Me and Candy, you know we're doing real good. Laura's mother puts her hand on the doorknob. LAURA (CONT'D)
65) 5) text: We might even be moving to a bigger place soon. You know she's workin' at the hospital now, yeah you'd be real proud of her. She might even go back and get her RN-- Laura takes another step forward. LAURA (CONT'D)
65) 6) text: How--? How's Pops? You look good. You look healthy, yeah you look real good. You know uh, we miss you and everything-- Laura's mother starts to close the door. Laura backs away LAURA (CONT'D)
65) 7) text: I don't wanna take too much of your time. I just stopped by--you know I uh--I'm getting my stuff together too--I uh-- Laura fishes the stiff envelope out of her pocket and advances on the screen door again, holding it out. LAURA (CONT'D)
65) 8) text: So, I did it. I took the test and-- Laura's mother slams the door. Laura stands on her tiptoe and yells at the diamond shaped window. LAURA (CONT'D)
65) 9) text: I got my GED! The lock on the door snaps into place. Renewed barking fr across the street. Silence from the door. Laura brushes a fist across her eyes and stuffs the envelope into the mailbox.
65) 11) dialog: But listen I--I gotta go. I gotta get to work but I'ma leave it for you to see. It was nice talking to you. Laura backs off the porch and starts down the walkway. Sh stops halfway and bounds back onto the porch. She yanks t envelope out of the mailbox and jams it into her pocket. Laura storms off the porch and out of yard, never looking back.
72) 14) text: Laura's NOT my girlfriend!! ARTHUR
73) 0) text: Click-clack. Click-clack. The rattle of circuit breakers through the bare darkness of Laura's small apartment.
73) 1) dialog: Anything?
73) 3) dialog: How about now?
73) 5) dialog: Shit. Fucking building. Laura bangs into something in the darkness.
73) 6) dialog: Owww. Shit! A small light flicks to life and grows larger. In its dim glow, Laura spots Alike leaning against a worn couch. The lights become two as Laura hands Alike a candle.
73) 7) dialog: Here. Good thing I keep some these around. Alike snorts thickly. Her words are slurred and nasal.
73) 9) dialog: Hey, you thanking `em now.
73) 11) dialog: You okay? Alike wipes at already dried tear streaks on her puffy fa and looks down. Laura slides an arm around her waist and guides her into the small bedroom.
73) 12) dialog: You bring clothes?
73) 14) dialog: That's alright, man. You can wear some of mine. It's okay, c'mon. Lets get some sleep. My sister'll be home in a little bit, too.
74) 0) text: Overturned Ramen noodle cups litter the floor. Laura sips beer and strokes Alike's head who sleeps fitfully in her
80) 0) text: Alike and Laura sit at the edge of the roof sharing a qua of mint chocolate chip ice cream. Sunset paints the citys pink and orange. The faint cadence of children playing dr in and out on a fickle breeze. Alike's wounds are healing she seems happy. The friends exchange wordless smiles and soak in the peacefulness around them. Laura hears a noise at the door and gets up to investigat Arthur is standing in the doorway. Laura calls out to Ali Alike looks up and the smile fades from her face. Arthur tries to move around Laura, but Laura stares him down. La looks back at Alike. Alike considers, then carefully nods Laura steps out of the way and watches Arthur pass. Alike rises to face her father. She stands tall, her weig is centered. Arthur struggles to find her eyes, and she t away from him. Distant playground voices fill the pause.
81) 0) text: Alike sits at the edge of the roof writing in her noteboo Laura swings open the door and Alike looks back in greeti her smile fading as Arthur appears behind her. Laura moti to Alike. Alike considers, then carefully nods. Laura ste aside and watches Arthur pass. Alike wanders to the edge of the roof, Arthur follows. Distant playground voices fill the pause.
85) 0) text: The downtown Brooklyn landscape hums against the windshie as Arthur and Alike ride in complete silence. Sharonda ch a thumbnail, peering over the backseat. Laura slumps agai the window, a smirk hiding at the corner of her lips.
86) 0) text: Laura and Sharonda fumble a suitcase out of the trunk of car. Alike shrugs into her backpack. Arthur nudges them a and hefts out the rest of the luggage.
87) 1) dialog: Let me get a hug or somethin', damn. Laura squeezes Alike first with one arm then pulls her ha out of her pocket to wrap both arms around her friend.
87) 5) dialog: You just better fuckin' call. Alike disappears through the bus doors. Laura slouches on hydrant and Sharonda paces, scanning the windows for Alik
88) 0) text: Sharonda waves maniacally. Alike musters a smile and puts hand on the window. Laura raises a fist. The bus sails aw from the curb. Alike leans forward to keep Laura and Sharonda in sight a long as possible. As she faces front again, she glimpses Arthur, standing in the doorway of the terminal. A passin van blots him from view and she leans back in her seat. A OLD KOREAN WOMAN next to her offers her a piece of ginger candy. Alike pops the candy into her mouth and takes a de breath. Reflections of the retreating city landscape replay acros Alike's face and she is able to hold back neither the smi nor the tears that come.