36) 0) text: MACK, the store proprietor leans against the counter flip through a newspaper. Arthur, in uniform mulls through the sports section. A ratty looking man, SOCK sips from a red plastic cup. Mack cranks the volume on the tiny television above the counter.
36) 3) text: Look who's big time. MACK
36) 4) text: Brother was looking clean though. Looked just like, look like...uh-- Danny Glover! Arthur and Mack laugh and slap hands. Sock sneers at thei revelry. The bell over the door tinkles and a heavyset BUTCH WOMAN strolls in. Her head is shaved and a thick wallet chain clinks against her ample carpenter pants. All three men t to stare. MACK (CONT'D)
36) 6) text: (to Butch Woman) Excuse me Miss                        ! Miiiiissss MACK
36) 10) text: Hey, my man! You hear me talkin' to you?! Mack snatches Sock's cup. Sock pivots around to protest. SOCK
36) 14) text: And a pack of Kools. Mack nods and fishes under the counter. SOCK
36) 15) text: Say, I been trying to get your attention. Do you go by Sir or Miss? MACK
36) 18) text: Look I just had a simple question I wanted to ask. See, I just want to know how does pussy taste? The woman directs her full attention at Sock for the firs time. Mack watches as he quickly punches in the sale. Art stiffens. SOCK (CONT'D)
36) 19) text: You know, I just wanna know if you go with women for the taste, or is it just you're too big, black, and ugly so don't no man want you? Sock laughs at his own nasty joke and takes a sip from hi cup. MACK
36) 25) text: --ask yo' wife how she likes me! The woman winks at Sock. Arthur chokes back a guffaw. As as the woman clears the door, Arthur and Mack explode in laughter. Sock is livid and screams after her. SOCK
36) 26) text: Fuckin' Bulldagger! He-She! Dyke! MACK
36) 29) text: She ain't tell me shit! I don't know what the fuck y'all niggas are laughing for! MACK
36) 31) text: Thought you was my friend, Mack. But I guess I ain't expect you to defend me Free, the way your daughter is-- Arthur slams Sock against the counter before he can finis his sentence.
36) 33) text: He don't mean nothin'! He don't know what he's talking about! Arthur grinds Sock's collar tighter around his trembling fist. Sock glares back, clearly punked. MACK (CONT'D)
36) 38) dialog: Carry your Poughkeepsie ass on out of my store! Mack sweeps Sock's plastic cup off the counter and into a garbage can. Sock tromps to the door.
36) 42) dialog: Free, don't pay him no mind. Just talkin' trash. Mack playfully jabs him in the shoulder and bustles underneath the counter. Arthur's eyes linger on the door his jaw tightens.
55) 0) text: Arthur coaches Alike as she navigates the car to a jerky in front of Mack's liquor store.
56) 0) text: Arthur shouts a greeting to Mack who lounges on a plastic chair outside his door. Sock and TWO OTHER MEN chit chat nearby. Their chatter lowers as Arthur approaches. Alike into the store.
56) 1) dialog: Hey, baby!
56) 3) dialog: I see Alike's been running circles around you again!
56) 7) dialog: Gone already?
63) 0) text: Music videos play on the TV. Alike and Bina lay stretched on pillows, a plate of brownie crumbs between them. Alike dozes. Bina smacks her with a pillow.