6) 3) text: (whispering) Be quiet. SHARONDA
6) 5) text: (whispering) Movies. SHARONDA
6) 7) text: (whispering) Shhh. Shut up. Alike shoves her sister and tries to close the door. Shar yanks the door open wider. SHARONDA
6) 9) text: (whispering) Go to bed. SHARONDA
6) 10) text: I know what stays open past midnight. Sharonda puts a hand to her head and does a little dance. ALIKE
6) 11) text: Shut up! Alike eases Sharonda's door shut.     Sharonda swings the open wide. SHARONDA
6) 12) text: Good night Lee! Sharonda slams her door.      The light clicks on underne Alike's parent's door.
18) 0) text: Audrey, Sharonda, Alike, and their father, ARTHUR, 40- something with a used-to-be athletic build, are all gathe around the dinner table for a rare family dinner. Everyon takes half-hearted nibbles at their food avoiding eye con with each other. Sharonda picks at her food.
18) 1) dialog: I don't see why we can't just watch TV like usual. Alike elbows Sharonda.
18) 2) dialog: Quit it!
18) 4) dialog: You don't tell me what to do!
18) 9) dialog: Homecoming got moved this year. It's gonna be in September instead of October.
18) 13) text: Who are you going with? SHARONDA
18) 20) text: I don't like all those boys buzzing around my daughters anyway. SHARONDA
18) 23) dialog: Daaa-aad?!
23) 18) text: Then where's my change? Sharonda bursts into the room. SHARONDA
23) 27) text: OK, look I'm offa you.     Just be quiet and calm down. SHARONDA
23) 29) text: You can't tell. SHARONDA
23) 31) text: Shut up. SHARONDA
23) 33) text: (to Laura) See, I told you so. SHARONDA
23) 35) text: I just borrowed it. Alike pulls off the dildo and harness. SHARONDA
23) 36) text: Give it back. Alike fishes the make-up case out of her backpack. She ho it out to Sharonda. Sharonda reaches for it. Alike jerks back. ALIKE
23) 37) text: Promise you won't tell. SHARONDA
23) 45) text: Ughh, I hate you. Alike jabs the dildo closer to the make-up. SHARONDA
23) 46) text: OK, OK I won't tell.   Daag! Alike tosses the case at Sharonda who scrambles to catch Alike wraps the dildo back up in the bag and hides it beh her headboard. Sharonda saunters out into the hallway. SHARONDA
29) 3) dialog: I'm coming!
30) 18) text: And put on a skirt! Alike stalks off to her bedroom. Sharonda bounces into th kitchen. SHARONDA
30) 20) text: Too much lipstick. SHARONDA
30) 21) text: It's lipgloss. Audrey wheels on Sharonda with a death glare. SHARONDA (CONT'D)
30) 23) text: Gimmie kiss. Sharonda pecks dad on the cheek. Dad wipes his cheek and his fingers together.
30) 26) text: Get me a beer, please. Sharonda's fine. AUDREY
30) 54) text: Sharonda! You done?! Alike spins into the living room defeated.
30) 55) dialog: Coming!
30) 60) dialog: I'm ready. Arthur pushes up from the table.
31) 0) text: Alike sits in the passenger seat of the car as Audrey chi chats with other churchgoers. Sharonda sits in the back seat, flipping through a CD case and occasionally passing CD's to Alike to play. Alike faces stonily forward except cast impatient glances in Audrey's direction. Audrey raps the window.
31) 16) text: And this is my youngest daughter, Sharonda. SHARONDA
32) 3) dialog: Can somebody put in this CD please? Audrey cranks the ignition and starts to back out.
32) 7) dialog: Moooom, can you--
58) 20) text: Space? She's hardly ever home in the first place and you're just like her, creeping in all hours of the night. Both of you. Running around like you got something to hide, like I'm the big, bad witch and what about me? I'm home by myself all the time and Sharonda's getting older and starting to go out and pretty soon-- ARTHUR
59) 0) text: Alike is awake, hands folded behind her head. Sharonda cu up on top of the covers next to her.
59) 2) dialog: I'm not. The girls lay silently as they listen to Arthur bang arou in the kitchen.
59) 3) dialog: Lee?
59) 6) dialog: I hope you know it doesn't matter to me. Alike rubs Sharonda's head and gives her a little squeeze
71) 10) text: Sharonda, wake up!! Come see your father leaving us!! ARTHUR
71) 13) text: Oh, what?! I wish you would!! Go ahead!! Look girls, your daddy's going to beat me!! Sharonda bursts into tears behind Alike. Alike hurries Sharonda back down the hallway.
75) 0) text: Arthur is frozen in the middle of the living room with a contractor trash bag. He stoops and piles the shards of a broken lamp into the bag one by one. Sharonda peeks out a him from her bedroom door. Arthur looks up at her and Sharonda pushes the door shut.
79) 0) text: Arthur, Audrey and Sharonda are pegged around the dinner table. Audrey's make-up fails to cover the dark circles beneath her eyes and Arthur has a week's worth of stubble There is a jagged hole where Alike usually sits. Noticing the asymmetry, Audrey bundles up Alike's place setting an sweeps it onto the floor. Sharonda looks from Audrey to Arthur then into her plate.
79) 8) dialog: Dad. You know where she is.
85) 0) text: The downtown Brooklyn landscape hums against the windshie as Arthur and Alike ride in complete silence. Sharonda ch a thumbnail, peering over the backseat. Laura slumps agai the window, a smirk hiding at the corner of her lips.
86) 0) text: Laura and Sharonda fumble a suitcase out of the trunk of car. Alike shrugs into her backpack. Arthur nudges them a and hefts out the rest of the luggage.
87) 3) dialog: Call us when you get there.
88) 0) text: Sharonda waves maniacally. Alike musters a smile and puts hand on the window. Laura raises a fist. The bus sails aw from the curb. Alike leans forward to keep Laura and Sharonda in sight a long as possible. As she faces front again, she glimpses Arthur, standing in the doorway of the terminal. A passin van blots him from view and she leans back in her seat. A OLD KOREAN WOMAN next to her offers her a piece of ginger candy. Alike pops the candy into her mouth and takes a de breath. Reflections of the retreating city landscape replay acros Alike's face and she is able to hold back neither the smi nor the tears that come.