36) 0) text: MACK, the store proprietor leans against the counter flip through a newspaper. Arthur, in uniform mulls through the sports section. A ratty looking man, SOCK sips from a red plastic cup. Mack cranks the volume on the tiny television above the counter.
36) 2) text: It's on again... Check it out Free. Channel 5 and Channel 2. Arthur appears on the TV screen, dressed in suit, tie, sunglasses and looking impressive. He is talking to a new reporter and a bad news graphic reading "East Side Drug B Detective Arthur Freeman" blots out the bottom of the scr SOCK
36) 4) text: Brother was looking clean though. Looked just like, look like...uh-- Danny Glover! Arthur and Mack laugh and slap hands. Sock sneers at thei revelry. The bell over the door tinkles and a heavyset BUTCH WOMAN strolls in. Her head is shaved and a thick wallet chain clinks against her ample carpenter pants. All three men t to stare. MACK (CONT'D)
36) 5) text: Been more of that since they opened up that new club `cross the way. Arthur grunts and returns to his paper. SOCK
36) 7) text: Certain Friday nights they got, you know special parties going on. SOCK
36) 9) text: Chill out, Sock. SOCK
36) 10) text: Hey, my man! You hear me talkin' to you?! Mack snatches Sock's cup. Sock pivots around to protest. SOCK
36) 13) text: Mind your business. Sock yanks his cup back and turns to resume his taunts. H caught off guard and stumbles backward as the woman pushe to the counter with a case of liquor. Arthur steps out of way and observes. BUTCH WOMAN
36) 14) text: And a pack of Kools. Mack nods and fishes under the counter. SOCK
36) 17) text: Yeah. SOCK
36) 18) text: Look I just had a simple question I wanted to ask. See, I just want to know how does pussy taste? The woman directs her full attention at Sock for the firs time. Mack watches as he quickly punches in the sale. Art stiffens. SOCK (CONT'D)
36) 19) text: You know, I just wanna know if you go with women for the taste, or is it just you're too big, black, and ugly so don't no man want you? Sock laughs at his own nasty joke and takes a sip from hi cup. MACK
36) 20) text: $65.07 ma'am. The woman counts out the money and smiles at Sock. BUTCH WOMAN
36) 21) text: I can't lie, pussy do taste good. SOCK
36) 25) text: --ask yo' wife how she likes me! The woman winks at Sock. Arthur chokes back a guffaw. As as the woman clears the door, Arthur and Mack explode in laughter. Sock is livid and screams after her. SOCK
36) 28) text: She told you. SOCK
36) 30) text: Awww shut up. Your big mouth got you in trouble as usual. SOCK
36) 31) text: Thought you was my friend, Mack. But I guess I ain't expect you to defend me Free, the way your daughter is-- Arthur slams Sock against the counter before he can finis his sentence.
36) 33) text: He don't mean nothin'! He don't know what he's talking about! Arthur grinds Sock's collar tighter around his trembling fist. Sock glares back, clearly punked. MACK (CONT'D)
36) 36) dialog: (to MACK)
36) 37) text: I been to Poughkeepsie! Arthur snorts and flings Sock loose.
36) 39) dialog: Fuck y'all!
36) 41) dialog: Man, fuck y'all!!
56) 0) text: Arthur shouts a greeting to Mack who lounges on a plastic chair outside his door. Sock and TWO OTHER MEN chit chat nearby. Their chatter lowers as Arthur approaches. Alike into the store.
76) 0) text: Audrey sits at the edge of her bed in a housecoat. Her ha is ruffled and flyaway. Her ankles are crossed and her ha are dead birds in her lap. Her work clothes are laid out neat line beside her: shirt, pants, socks, and shoes on t floor right underneath. The telephone begins to ring, but Audrey does not hear it.