13) 1) text: The whole place is under noisy renovation. Workmen everywhere. Pete and Lisa step in to see JACK DONAGHY, 45, handsome and impeccably dressed, kicks his way into the room through a partially ripped out wall.
13) 3) dialog: Gary's dead. I'm Jack Donaghy. New VP of development for NBC/GE/Universal/Vivendi/kmart.
13) 5) dialog: No, we don't. So why are you dressed like we do? Pete and Lisa look at their overly casual work clothes.
16) 0) text: Pete and Lisa sit gingerly on the edge of the couch. Workmen work behind them. Jack sits at his desk which has a lot of exposed wires hanging over it. Nearby we see the legs of a workman on a ladder.
16) 2) dialog: It’s a great office. But sometimes you have to change things that are perfectly good just to make them your own. Pete and Lisa look a little worried. Jack's nerdy MALE ASSISTANT appears and hands Jack a note written on a post-it.
16) 3) dialog: T'1l call her back. Is she at the White House number?
16) 5) dialog: Tell them I need a 4 a.m. tee time. He hands him another post-it.
16) 6) dialog: About five inches, but it's thick. Pete and Lisa look at each other. As he exits, the assistant gets a little shock to the head from a dangling wire and flinches slightly. Jack turns his attention to Pete and Lisa.
16) 7) dialog: Are you familiar with the award-winning GE Tri-vection oven?
16) 13) dialog: You don’t want me to do that.
16) 16) dialog: Market research, my friend. Years and years of market research... that lead to my greatest triumph, the Tri-vection oven.
16) 18) dialog: (to the assistant) Yes, but I'll need my kevlar vest. (back to Pete and Lisa with a smile) The Trivection oven cooks perfect food five times faster than a conventional oven, because it uses three kinds of heat: thermal technology, for consistent temperature; GE Precise Air™ convection technology, for optimal air circulation; and microwave technology, for unbelievable speed. With three kinds of heat, you can cook a turkey in 22 minutes.
16) 21) dialog: The people upstairs agree. That‘s why they promoted me. That’s why I’m here to re-tool your show.
16) 23) dialog: I'm the new Vice President of East Coast Television and Microwave Oven Programming.
16) 25) dialog: (to his asst.) See, I told you that was imprecise. Make it "Vice President of East Coast Television Programming and Microwave Oven- to x LISA me Czar?
16) 26) dialog: I like you. You have the boldness of a much younger woman. Lisa is offended. Some sparks literally fly, from the construction behind her.
16) 28) dialog: Pete, I've seen the show. The little gal‘s good.
16) 30) dialog: And the skits are decent, but you're missing that third kind of heat.
16) 35) dialog: Think about Lawrence Jordan.
16) 37) dialog: The black movie star. I flew with him recently on a private jet to the Super - Bowl, and he was very entertaining.
16) 39) dialog: Lawrence has had his problems in the last few years.
18) 1) dialog: But it's important to remember that he was never charged with any crime. It's not illegal to fall asleep on your neighbor's roof.
18) 3) dialog: Lawrence Jordan is the "third heat."
18) 6) dialog: What are you doing?
18) 9) dialog: Jonathan, take Pete and help him pick out a Trivection oven for his wife.
18) 13) dialog: Done. Jonathan? The assistant takes her list of demands. After he and Pete exit... JACK (CONT‘D) Lisa, I’ve heard a lot of good things about you.
18) 18) dialog: I just want you to know that your job is secure. You’re gonna be essential to transforming the’ show.
18) 20) dialog: Hit?
30) 3) dialog: We love you, Lawrence! Come into our homes! Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca
30) 8) dialog: You're the third heat, baby! Out by the picture window, Jenna turns to Lisa, chuckling.
32) 5) dialog: You'll make it work.
32) 7) dialog: Cause your friend Jenna’s got nowhere else to go. You'll be nice to Lawrence, cause it’s not his fauit. And you’ll focus all your rage and hatred on me.
32) 9) dialog: About 127 pounds. From off camera, she whips a water bottle at him.