3) 1) text: Pull back through the picture window to where KENNETH a bright and chirpy (Clay Aiken type) NBC page is giving a tour. He stands next to a life-size standee of impish comedian Jenna DeCarlo. .
3) 2) dialog: And this is the set of the "Friday Night Bits with Jenna DeCarlo." (points to standee) It's a real funny ladies’ comedy show for ladies.
3) 4) dialog: Fridays at 10. But, seriously, sir, it's just for ladies. Candy quiz! Can anybody name other shows that only ladies like?
3) 8) dialog: Yes. Kenneth throws the guy a piece of candy.
3) 10) dialog: No. (throws candy) I’m sorry, it’s Sex and the City. I cannot accept that. Kenneth does not throw the guy candy. The elevator doors open and Lisa comes out, carrying one small bag of bagels.
3) 11) dialog: Hey, everybody, here's someone you'd never get to meet. This is the head- writer of Friday Night Bits, Lisa Lemon. Kenneth claps. The tour group stares blankly. Lisa smiles embarrassedly and waves.
6) 0) text: Pete gently reprimanding Kenneth the page.
6) 2) dialog: I agree. I thought they would find it interesting, but they really did not. So I took them downstairs and showed them Debra Norville's private toilet--
7) 0) text: Kenneth addresses a large tour group outside her bathroom,
7) 1) dialog: +..to be used by no one but her. Loud embarrassing toilet sounds emanate from within.
7) 2) dialog: Oops!
8) 5) dialog: I don't know. Conan O'Brien gets real mad if I don't make a big fuss over him.
8) 7) dialog: I promise I'll get it right, Mr. Hornberger.
8) 9) dialog: (tearing up) I just love television so much.
15) 0) text: Kenneth is giving another tour.
15) 1) dialog: Rockefeller Center was built in the 1930‘s by--anyone?
15) 3) dialog: Correct. Studio 8E was constructed in 1951 for a show called “The Vicks Vap-o- Rub Fun Hour.” In the 1970's it was used for a talk show by a gentleman named Phil Donahoo, And now it’s home to the Jenna DeCarlo-- Kenneth sees JENNA DECARLO come off the elevator. He tries to assess her mood. She takes off her sunglasses and looks at Kenneth. She has a crazy wide-eyed expression that means, "Don't bother me." But her face is so animated and friendly that Kenneth can't "read" it. Kenneth smiles at Jenna. Jenna smiles/grimaces back. There is a back and forth moment of panic between Kenneth and Jenna as they try to interpret each others' expressions. Then, one of the tour group recognizes her--
15) 9) dialog: How about that? Jenna DeCarlo, every-- Jenna comes back around.
20) 0) text: Pete is talking to Kenneth again.
20) 2) dialog: I tried to read her face, but it’s so rubbery! Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca ‘ How bout this? As a rule, if you see a celebrity when you’re with the tour group, do not bother them.
20) 3) dialog: Is that a guideline, or a rule? Cause I respond well to structure.
23) 0) text: Kenneth is answering questions from another tour group.
23) 1) dialog: Yes, Katie Couric is real tiny in person. (stage whisper) (MORE)
23) 7) dialog: But her boobs are a lot bigger than you would think. The elevator doors open and LAWRENCE JORDAN, 30, enters with a small entourage, looking totally kickass. Cool music under. As they get close to the tour group, Kenneth sees Lawrence [a big movie star!] and, panicking, diverts the group's attention. KENNETH (CONT’D) Now, if y'all look over here, you'll see a water fountain! Lawrence stops behind the group and waits for Kenneth to acknowledge him. Kenneth starts to sweat.
23) 8) dialog: Does anyone have any questions about it? Lawrence gives his posse a look like, "What the hell? Why isn't this guy acknowledging me?"
23) 10) dialog: (timidly) Lawrence Jordan, everybody. The group applauds excitedly to see Lawrence. Lawrence goes over and works the crowd.
30) 10) dialog: Here we see the set for “Friday Night Bits.” (stage whisper) . Although the industry buzz is it's being re-tooled into The Lawrence Jordan Sh-- Pete leaps over and chokes Kenneth to shut him up. The tour group gasps. Jenna turns to Lisa.