0) 2) text: The waiter puts down the pitcher, picks up the five, and follows the busboy out of the room. The moment the door closes behind them, GORDON LIDDY is o his feet, locking the door.  OTHER MEN are visible, putti on jackets, securing technical equipment from briefcases and bags.  They are: FRANK STURGIS, BERNARD BARKER, EUGEN MARTINEZ, VIRGILIO GONZALES, and JAMES MCCORD.
13) 0) text: A few gas pumps in front, overlooking a dry, western, Edward Hopper landscape.  A run-down residence at the bac A large man in bloody butcher's apron, FRANK NIXON (46), crosses.
16) 0) text: HANNAH puts the food on the table as FRANK NIXON, sleeves rolled up, waits at the head of the table, fuming.  ARTHU (6) and DONALD (9) join RICHARD and HAROLD.  (The fifth brother, Edward, has not yet been born.)  Harold reaches for a dish.
16) 1) dialog: Don't you dare, Harold!
16) 7) dialog: (interrupts) I'll do it.  There's a coupla things I wanna say.
16) 9) dialog: This blood pays the bills, Hannah.  I'm not ashamed of how I earn my money. (clears his throat) Heavenly Father, you told Adam in the Garden, after that business with the snake, that man would have to earn his way by the sweat of his face.  Well, as far as I can tell, Father, what was true in Eden is true in Whittier, California.  So we ask you now to remind certain of our young people ... (glares at Harold) ... that the only way to get a new suit to go to the promenade with Margaret O'Herlihy, who happens to be a Catholic by the way, is to work for it. (then) Amen.
16) 13) dialog: You think this is funny? (then) Pretty soon you boys are gonna have to get out there and scratch, 'cause you're not gonna get anywhere on your good looks.  Just ask those fellas ...
16) 14) text: Frank waves to the Hobos, now squatting and wolfing down the food.  They look up, embarrassed.
16) 15) dialog: Charity is only gonna get you so far -- even with saints like your mother around.  Struggle's what gives life meaning, not victory.  Struggle.  When you quit struggling, they've beaten you, and then you end up in the street with your hand out.
16) 16) text: Frank begins eating; the rest follow.
29) 0) text: ARTHUR NIXON (7) cries in pain.  RICHARD (12) helps FRANK his father, hold him on the bed as a DOCTOR twists a long needle into the base of Arthur's spine.
30) 0) text: FRANK comes down the narrow stairs, shocked, fighting tears.  HANNAH sits reading her Bible.  The BOYS linger nervously around their made-up cots in the parlor.
30) 1) dialog: (sobs) The doctors are afraid the little darling is going to die ...
32) 0) text: RICHARD runs to his mother, HANNAH, who is coming down th stairs with FRANK.  She seems very shaken, but quiet, off in another world.  The moment Richard reaches her, throwi his arms around her skirt, she snaps him back.  A harsh, angry voice.
69) 0) text: A chicken's head flies off.  The CUBAN CROWD is going cra as a FIGHTING COCK is moving in for the kill.  The ring i surrounded by impromptu bleachers, the walls lined with metal cages filled with chickens.  The slaughterhouse is adjacent. HOWARD HUNT stands at the edge of the crowd, holding a greasy wrapper of churos, as the fight ends. Cheers and groans.  Fistfuls of money are exchanged. FRANK STURGIS turns from the ring, makes his way to Hunt, hands him a twenty.
113) 0) text: NIXON sits in his chair in a suit and tie, listening to "Victory at Sea" at top volume.  In front of him is a picture album -- 1922 portraits of the NIXON FAMILY.  HAROLD holding ARTHUR.  RICHARD stares glumly at the came between HANNAH and FRANK. GENERAL HAIG, with KISSINGER behind, approaches with some papers held out in his hand.  Nixon sees them, turns down the hi-fi.
115) 2) text: IMAGES of FRANK and HANNAH NIXON now arise in Nixon's consciousness -- a past he would never really connect his own life to.  As if it were a storybook, a fabled America that never was.  The MUSIC should, in a sense, accentuate this divorce of sentiment from reality.
116) 9) text: We end on an IMAGE OF YORBA LINDA, CALIFORNIA ... turn of the twentieth century where it began.  We focus on the faces of the early pioneers who settled the land -- we drift over the faces of HANNAH and FRANK, in their stern postures -- past the BROTHERS, including the two deceased ones ... to little RICHARD, eyes all aglow with the hopes of the new century.