14) 10) text: But it's too late.  Hannah looks over, very sharp, as her customer departs.
14) 11) dialog: Richard ... come with me, would you ...
15) 0) text: RICHARD, obediently seated, pays his Mother heed.  He see a gloomy, unsmiling child in her presence.  We sense that this is familiar territory for both.  HANNAH, very quiet, penetrating with her gaze.
15) 1) dialog: Because Harold tests thy father's will is no reason to admire him.  Let Harold's worldliness be a warning to thee, not an example.
15) 3) dialog: Harold may have lost touch with his Bible, but thou must never lapse.
15) 5) dialog: Now, give it to me ...
15) 7) dialog: Do not tell a lie, Richard ... The cornsilk cigarette Harold gave thee behind the store this morning.
15) 9) dialog: (withdrawing) I see ... Well then, Richard, we have nothing more to talk about, do we?
15) 11) dialog: So am I.  Thy father will have to know of thy lying.
15) 13) dialog: (pause) I expect more from thee, Richard.
15) 14) text: He buries his head in her skirt.  The faintest smile on Hannah's face as she pockets the cigarette.
15) 16) dialog: Then this shall be our little secret. (She lifts his face to hers) Remember that I see into thy soul as God sees.  Thou may fool the world.  Even thy father.  But not me, Richard.  Never me.
16) 0) text: HANNAH puts the food on the table as FRANK NIXON, sleeves rolled up, waits at the head of the table, fuming.  ARTHU (6) and DONALD (9) join RICHARD and HAROLD.  (The fifth brother, Edward, has not yet been born.)  Harold reaches for a dish.
16) 3) dialog: We haven't said grace yet.  Richard.
16) 5) text: Hannah nods.  Richard puts his hands together, trying to please.
16) 8) dialog: Could thou at least remove thy apron, Frank?
16) 12) dialog: Arthur!
30) 0) text: FRANK comes down the narrow stairs, shocked, fighting tears.  HANNAH sits reading her Bible.  The BOYS linger nervously around their made-up cots in the parlor.
31) 0) text: ARTHUR laps at some tomato gravy on toast, which makes hi happy.  His face is angelic, as if he were getting better HANNAH feeds him, cleans his lips with a napkin, as RICHA sits close by, squeezing Arthur's hand, puzzled by it all FLASHES run through his head -- Arthur sitting on his lap learning to read; Dick swinging Arthur by his arms.  DON and HAROLD are also there.  The Doctor has gone.
31) 2) dialog: (removing the food) We'll let thee rest now, my little angel.
31) 6) dialog: (nearly cracking) Yes, Arthur, I do ...
32) 0) text: RICHARD runs to his mother, HANNAH, who is coming down th stairs with FRANK.  She seems very shaken, but quiet, off in another world.  The moment Richard reaches her, throwi his arms around her skirt, she snaps him back.  A harsh, angry voice.
32) 1) dialog: No! ... No.  Don't ...
34) 0) text: HANNAH NIXON, in her seventies.
34) 3) dialog: I don't think he has a choice.  He was always a leader.
34) 5) dialog: ... if he's on God's side, yes ...
51) 0) text: A lunar landscape -- barren, scorched, silent.  Suddenly, violent, desperate coughing. HAROLD NIXON (23) is doubled over the railing, a long string of bloody mucus hanging from his lips.  He is shockingly emaciated -- the last stages of tuberculosis.  HANNAH NIXON, in background attending TWO OTHER PATIENTS, looks on at Harold. RICHARD (19) hurries out of the cabin with a cotton cloth He holds Harold until he stops heaving.  Then, he wipes h mouth.
52) 0) text: RICHARD sits staring into the fire.  He still wears his black suit from Harold's funeral.  HANNAH enters quietly.
52) 1) dialog: Richard?
52) 4) dialog: Thou must.
52) 6) dialog: It's a gift, Richard.  This law school is a gift from your brother.
52) 8) dialog: It's meant to make us stronger. (kneels) Thou art stronger than Harold ... stronger than Arthur.  God has chosen thee to survive ...
52) 10) dialog: Thou must find thy peace at the center, Richard.  Strength in this life.  Happiness in the next.
106) 19) text: She turns and walks out.  Nixon is turbulent, upset.  He turns and suddenly sees the ghost of his young mother, HANNAH, sitting there in the shadows, staring at him. He jumps.  Those eyes of hers.  Penetrating, gazing right through him.
106) 20) dialog: What has changed in thee, Richard ... When thou were a boy ...
113) 0) text: NIXON sits in his chair in a suit and tie, listening to "Victory at Sea" at top volume.  In front of him is a picture album -- 1922 portraits of the NIXON FAMILY.  HAROLD holding ARTHUR.  RICHARD stares glumly at the came between HANNAH and FRANK. GENERAL HAIG, with KISSINGER behind, approaches with some papers held out in his hand.  Nixon sees them, turns down the hi-fi.
115) 2) text: IMAGES of FRANK and HANNAH NIXON now arise in Nixon's consciousness -- a past he would never really connect his own life to.  As if it were a storybook, a fabled America that never was.  The MUSIC should, in a sense, accentuate this divorce of sentiment from reality.
116) 9) text: We end on an IMAGE OF YORBA LINDA, CALIFORNIA ... turn of the twentieth century where it began.  We focus on the faces of the early pioneers who settled the land -- we drift over the faces of HANNAH and FRANK, in their stern postures -- past the BROTHERS, including the two deceased ones ... to little RICHARD, eyes all aglow with the hopes of the new century.