14) 0) text: HAROLD (16), tall, handsome, walks in whistling.  He wink at RICHARD (12), who is sorting fruit in the bins.  HANNA (39), a dour but gracious Quaker woman, is behind the counter with a CUSTOMER.
14) 2) dialog: What do you think?  He said in life there's no free ride.
14) 4) dialog: I said I didn't need a free ride. (flashes a smile) I need a suit.
14) 7) dialog: I'd rather get a whipping than have another talk with her.  Anything but a talk with her.
16) 0) text: HANNAH puts the food on the table as FRANK NIXON, sleeves rolled up, waits at the head of the table, fuming.  ARTHU (6) and DONALD (9) join RICHARD and HAROLD.  (The fifth brother, Edward, has not yet been born.)  Harold reaches for a dish.
16) 2) dialog: (a little laugh) I just thought, since the food was here ...
31) 0) text: ARTHUR laps at some tomato gravy on toast, which makes hi happy.  His face is angelic, as if he were getting better HANNAH feeds him, cleans his lips with a napkin, as RICHA sits close by, squeezing Arthur's hand, puzzled by it all FLASHES run through his head -- Arthur sitting on his lap learning to read; Dick swinging Arthur by his arms.  DON and HAROLD are also there.  The Doctor has gone.
51) 0) text: A lunar landscape -- barren, scorched, silent.  Suddenly, violent, desperate coughing. HAROLD NIXON (23) is doubled over the railing, a long string of bloody mucus hanging from his lips.  He is shockingly emaciated -- the last stages of tuberculosis.  HANNAH NIXON, in background attending TWO OTHER PATIENTS, looks on at Harold. RICHARD (19) hurries out of the cabin with a cotton cloth He holds Harold until he stops heaving.  Then, he wipes h mouth.
51) 1) dialog: (gasps) ... that was a whopper.
51) 3) dialog: (panting) Hey ... you'll be able to do it now.
51) 5) dialog: Go to law school.  Mom and Dad'll be able to afford it now ...
51) 7) dialog: Mom expects great things from you ...
51) 9) text: Harold throws a loving arm around Richard, who tenses.  W sense that Harold in some way could have helped Richard, taught him to laugh a bit.
51) 10) dialog: (a gentle smile) Relax, Dick, it's just me ... The desert's so beautiful, isn't it? (then) I want to go home, Dick.  Time to go home.
51) 12) text: Harold looks out over the landscape.  Silence.
52) 0) text: RICHARD sits staring into the fire.  He still wears his black suit from Harold's funeral.  HANNAH enters quietly.
113) 0) text: NIXON sits in his chair in a suit and tie, listening to "Victory at Sea" at top volume.  In front of him is a picture album -- 1922 portraits of the NIXON FAMILY.  HAROLD holding ARTHUR.  RICHARD stares glumly at the came between HANNAH and FRANK. GENERAL HAIG, with KISSINGER behind, approaches with some papers held out in his hand.  Nixon sees them, turns down the hi-fi.