9) 0) text: DOCUMENTARY FOOTAGE - JOHN F. KENNEDY looking straight at the camera.  Tanned, impeccable, confident.
9) 1) dialog: I do not think the world can exist in the long run half-slave and half-free.  The real issue before us is how we can prevent the balance of power from turning against us ... If we sleep too long in the sixties, Mr. Khrushchev will "bury" us yet ... I think it's time America started moving again.
10) 0) text: PAT NIXON, a year older than Dick, watches her champion through the glass booth.  The "Mona Lisa" of American politics, she projects deep admiration for, and pride in, her husband.  But now she appears perturbed by what she's seeing. A younger HALDEMAN sits watching the debates on monitors with HERB KLEIN, press secretary, and OTHERS in the Nixon circle.  Through the glass we see the CANDIDATES. MURRAY CHOTINER, campaign manager, overweight and bow-tie moves down the row of monitors holding a cigar.  He manag to drop ashes on an attractive KENNEDY STAFFER.
10) 17) dialog: ... in attacking my resolve, Mr. Nixon has carefully avoided mentioning my position on Cuba ...
10) 19) dialog: ... As a result of administration policies, we have seen Cuba go to the Communists ... eight jet minutes from the coast of Florida!  Castro's influence will spread through all of Latin America.  We must attempt to strengthen the democratic anti Castro forces in exile.  These fighters have had virtually no support from our government!
10) 28) dialog: I, for one, have never believed the foreign policy of the United States should be dictated by the Kremlin.  As long as ...
10) 29) text: Klein hangs his head; Chotiner shares a look with Haldema The young Kennedy staffers applaud gleefully.
11) 2) text: The final ELECTION FIGURES are coming in over the television.  They show Kennedy with a 120,000-voter margi (34.2 to 34.1 million) and run down the electoral college votes.  
28) 6) text: TV images of BOBBY KENNEDY.
33) 8) text: We flash suddenly to Kennedy's head being blown apart.  Then back to Johnson as we:
47) 14) text: DOCUMENTARY INTERCUT: Brief, moving, live-action image of JOHN KENNEDY.
47) 20) text: IMAGE - the "Beast" - an image of Kennedy perverted, his head blown off ...
48) 0) text: DOCUMENTARY FOOTAGE of chaos in the pantry.  The camera i jostled.  Women screaming.  A man is being wrestled to th floor. ROBERT KENNEDY lies there, mortally wounded.
61) 63) text: A disturbing image suddenly appears in Nixon's mind -- KENNEDY with his head blown off in Dallas.  Followed by a IMAGE of his own death.  In a coffin. The smell of the orchids in the room is overwhelming.  Nixon feels himself dizzy.
106) 0) text: NIXON is really drunk now, listening to some GIBBERISH on the tape.  We move in on his profile, framed by Lincoln i the background.  We should not be able to make out the voices -- occasional words like "Castro," "Kennedy."  But that's about it ... nothing more.  And as we move closer Nixon, bleary-eyed, we should feel he has no idea, either of what he's listening to.  It's just ... noise.  PAT's voice cuts in.  She's standing at the doorway.  She's bee drinking too, but is sharp.
114) 10) text: Haig and Kissinger depart. Nixon shuffles back alone, coming to a stop in front of a larger-than-life, full-length oil portrait of JOHN F. KENNEDY.  Nixon studies the portrait, pads closer.  Looks up.