3) 2) text: RICHARD NIXON is in shadow, silhouetted by the fire in th hearth.  The air-conditioning is going full blast. Haig crosses the room, opens the envelope, takes out a re of tape. Nixon sits in a small armchair in a corner.  A Uher tape recorder and a headset are on an end table at his elbow.  Next to it is a large tumbler of Scotch. Haig hands the envelope containing the tapes to Nixon.
14) 0) text: HAROLD (16), tall, handsome, walks in whistling.  He wink at RICHARD (12), who is sorting fruit in the bins.  HANNA (39), a dour but gracious Quaker woman, is behind the counter with a CUSTOMER.
14) 1) dialog: (whispers) What'd he say?
14) 3) dialog: What'd you say?
14) 5) text: Richard buries his face in his hands.
14) 6) dialog: Oh, no, Harold.  He doesn't respond well to humor. (looks at his mother, worried) Maybe if you talk to Mother she can ...
14) 8) text: Richard is terrified Mom might overhear.
14) 9) dialog: Shhhh!
14) 12) dialog: (surprised, aloud) Why me?
15) 0) text: RICHARD, obediently seated, pays his Mother heed.  He see a gloomy, unsmiling child in her presence.  We sense that this is familiar territory for both.  HANNAH, very quiet, penetrating with her gaze.
15) 2) dialog: Yes, Mother ...
15) 6) text: Richard is about to plead ignorance.
15) 8) dialog: (lying) I don't ... have them.  Mother ... I swear, I ... didn't smoke.
15) 10) dialog: (fearful, blurts out) Please, Mother, it ... it was just one time, Mother, I'm ... I'm sorry.
15) 12) dialog: (terrified) No, no!  Please, don't.  Don't tell him.  I'll never do it again.  I promise.  I promise ... (on the edge of tears) Please, mama ...
15) 15) dialog: Please!  I'll never let you down again, Mother.  Never.  I promise.
15) 17) dialog: Mother, think of me always as your faithful dog ...
16) 0) text: HANNAH puts the food on the table as FRANK NIXON, sleeves rolled up, waits at the head of the table, fuming.  ARTHU (6) and DONALD (9) join RICHARD and HAROLD.  (The fifth brother, Edward, has not yet been born.)  Harold reaches for a dish.
16) 4) dialog: (nervously) Is it my turn?
16) 5) text: Hannah nods.  Richard puts his hands together, trying to please.
16) 6) dialog: Heavenly Father, we humbly thank--
17) 0) text: FOOTBALL MONTAGE: RICHARD (19), 150 pounds, is on the defensive line as the ball is hiked.  ("Let's get fired up!")  He gets creamed by a 200-pound offensive tackle. jumps up, no face guard, hurting, and resets.  AD LIB football chatter.  We can tell from Richard's cheap unifo that he is a substitute.  But: We go again.  And again.  Building a special RHYTHM of JU CUTS showing Nixon getting mauled each time.  He doesn't have a chance, this kid, but he has pluck.  And he comes back for more.  And more. This image of pain and humiliation should weave itself in and out of the film in repetitive currents.  As we
29) 0) text: ARTHUR NIXON (7) cries in pain.  RICHARD (12) helps FRANK his father, hold him on the bed as a DOCTOR twists a long needle into the base of Arthur's spine.
29) 2) text: Arthur's eyes roll onto Richard for help, Richard can't bear it, pulls away.
31) 3) text: She tucks him in.  He yawns.  The brothers are awkward, ready to leave.  Arthur turns his loving eyes on Richard.
31) 5) text: Richard is awkward, stutters.
31) 9) text: He slips off, into a coma. Richard watches, devastated.
32) 0) text: RICHARD runs to his mother, HANNAH, who is coming down th stairs with FRANK.  She seems very shaken, but quiet, off in another world.  The moment Richard reaches her, throwi his arms around her skirt, she snaps him back.  A harsh, angry voice.
32) 2) text: Richard is shocked as his mother sweeps by in her private grief.
51) 0) text: A lunar landscape -- barren, scorched, silent.  Suddenly, violent, desperate coughing. HAROLD NIXON (23) is doubled over the railing, a long string of bloody mucus hanging from his lips.  He is shockingly emaciated -- the last stages of tuberculosis.  HANNAH NIXON, in background attending TWO OTHER PATIENTS, looks on at Harold. RICHARD (19) hurries out of the cabin with a cotton cloth He holds Harold until he stops heaving.  Then, he wipes h mouth.
51) 2) text: Richard carefully folds the cloth, drops it into a metal container that is already full of them.  He stands there, helpless, a solemn boy.
51) 4) dialog: What ... ?
51) 6) text: Richard looks at him in horror.
51) 8) dialog: Harold ... can I get you anything?
51) 9) text: Harold throws a loving arm around Richard, who tenses.  W sense that Harold in some way could have helped Richard, taught him to laugh a bit.
51) 11) dialog: (stiffly) You're not gonna quit on me, are you, Harold?
52) 0) text: RICHARD sits staring into the fire.  He still wears his black suit from Harold's funeral.  HANNAH enters quietly.
52) 3) dialog: I can't ...
52) 7) dialog: (bitter) Did he have to die for me to get it?!
52) 9) dialog: What about happiness, Mother?
53) 0) text: ON RICHARD NIXON (55) in his prime.  A profile of his fac as the vast crowd goes berserk.  Nixon absorbs the adoration: at last, he has arrived.  He looks down at someone in the audience.  Points, smiles, waves. Then he steps forward, thrusts his arms in the air -- the twin-V salute.  The cheers rattle the hall as PAT and the DAUGHTERS join him, followed by Vice President SPIRO AGNE and his FAMILY.  Nixon puts his arm around Pat.  She wave The crowd is on its feet.
61) 0) text: A DUTY OFFICER opens the door of the director's office wi a flourish.  NIXON catches RICHARD HELMS throwing his trench coat and tennis racket on a chair, obviously hurrying in from a secret door.  Helms spots Nixon, exten his hand with a reptilian smile.
88) 0) text: RICHARD HELMS, absently watching NIXON on TV, carries a handful of documents to a CIA incinerator.  He drops them in the fire, watches them burn.
104) 54) text: DOCUMENTARY IMAGES - FBI AGENTS carrying boxes of files o of the Special Prosecutor's office.  RUCKELSHAUS getting into a car, refusing to comment.  ELLIOT RICHARDSON movin down the gauntlet of REPORTERS.  We CUT BACK to the REPORTER on camera, grim.
113) 0) text: NIXON sits in his chair in a suit and tie, listening to "Victory at Sea" at top volume.  In front of him is a picture album -- 1922 portraits of the NIXON FAMILY.  HAROLD holding ARTHUR.  RICHARD stares glumly at the came between HANNAH and FRANK. GENERAL HAIG, with KISSINGER behind, approaches with some papers held out in his hand.  Nixon sees them, turns down the hi-fi.
116) 9) text: We end on an IMAGE OF YORBA LINDA, CALIFORNIA ... turn of the twentieth century where it began.  We focus on the faces of the early pioneers who settled the land -- we drift over the faces of HANNAH and FRANK, in their stern postures -- past the BROTHERS, including the two deceased ones ... to little RICHARD, eyes all aglow with the hopes of the new century.