2) 18) dialog: Rose? Rose turns to find her sister CLAIRE - ten years Rose's junior, Claire is a beautiful woman with a sinewy body an sex kitten allure. Claire is carrying shopping bags. EXT. CAFE ~ LATE AFTERNOON. Rose and Claire sit and have coffee.
2) 19) dialog: Alex and I had the most incredible fight last night. I locked him out of his own apartment. He was screaming my name on the street. The cops came. Such a mess.
2) 21) dialog: He's driving me nuts Rose. No matter what I do, no matter where I go - THERE HE IS! He calls me all day from work asking me what am I doing. I was sleeping the other night and I wake up and he's staring at me!
2) 23) dialog: Please - it's like sleeping with a flashlight on you. I was in the middle of one of my lesbian fantasy dreams and he's staring at me like I'm supposed to include him! (more)
2) 25) text: CLAIRE (cont'd) I swear ~ if he wasn't gorgeous, rich and straight, I wouldn't even bother. What should I do?
2) 27) dialog: Yes. You've known him longer. Could you maybe talk to him ~ tell him to back off a little? He'd listen to you.
2) 29) dialog: I know. I would just like to have a few hours a day where I completely” forget that.
2) 31) dialog: What are you getting angry about? Claire looks over Rose's shoulder, unhappy by what she se CLAIRE (Cont'd) Oh, I don't believe this. Rose turns to see ALEX approaching. Alex is an extremely handsome man, late thirties-early forties, with blue eyes jet black hair and athlete's body. Rose is clearly flustered by his presence - like a woman who is afraid her true feelings might show. Alex arrives at the table and kisses Rose's cheek.
2) 33) dialog: What did you do, follow me?
14) 20) dialog: I'11 kill her! I knew she'd do this to me! She can't stand I'm the one getting the attention today. Old bitch! We should have had her committed when she turned sixty.
14) 26) dialog: What the hell are you wearing?
14) 30) dialog: Oh shut-up. Everybody's waiting. The priest is starting to sweat.
14) 32) dialog: Just as a reminder, today is MY day «+. MY FUCKING DAY! And if you don't behave, I'm gonna have your birth certificate blown up as a Christmas card.
14) 34) dialog: Look at Alex ... He's so nervous. Rose looks at ALEX - yet thinking of Gregory. CLAIRE (Cont'd) That best man is cute ... Tch ... Oh decision, decisions ... Your turn! Go! Go!
18) 11) dialog: Well do you ever look at him like that?
18) 13) dialog: Maybe that's what he needs. Maybe you have to make the first move. Men are really stupid, Rose. God gave'em dicks so they'd have something to hold onto when they scratch their heads! Sometimes, I have to bang Ray over his head just to let him know I'm in the mood.
18) 16) dialog: Ray? Did I say Ray? I mean Alex. Ray! Hal Who's Ray? Rose and Deris look at each other suspiciously. cuT TO: INT. HENRY'S OFFICE - DAY. A sullen Gregory sits before a sympathetic Henry.