6) 9) dialog: Can we get more dressing? The waiter is surprised at their synchronicity;
6) 10) dialog: We were separated at birth.
6) 12) dialog: You feeling any better sweetie?
6) 14) dialog: I was maid of honor nine times. I think when I hit ten, I should get a free husband and dishes. (leans in) You know, it might not even happen. Claire's such a nut.
6) 16) dialog: It could happen.
6) 21) dialog: (turned on) you should write.
6) 23) dialog: He irritates the shit out of you and he looks like Mr. Peabody.
6) 25) dialog: All right - so in addition to everything else, you're as shallow as the rest of us. Give yourself a break.
6) 27) dialog: Sounds like tomorrow's lesson.
6) 29) dialog: Honey, I'm so sorry.
6) 34) dialog: You're just lonely honey. You're human. It'll pass.
6) 36) dialog: And you think that's easier to get than diamond rings? Honey, you need a change. Why don't you move out - get your own place?
6) 38) dialog: Well, if it's any consolation, I bet even beautiful people get lonely. Look at that woman over there. Rose turns to see a BEAUTIFUL WOMAN sitting alone at a ba fighting not to cry over her drink.
8) 66) dialog: Uh, Larkin? Math I think. Yeah. In fact he just published some hook.
8) 73) dialog: I'm off the cliff.
8) 86) dialog: You're an idiot. He's likes you.
8) 88) dialog: So? Take it slow. One organ at a time. Gregory returns just as A WAITER appears with two salads a PEPPER MILL. He is about to pepper Rose's salad:
15) 0) text: Gregory and Rose, both in suits, stand in front of a judg with witnesses Henry on one side and Doris on the other. Hannah is not present. As the judge speaks, Rose notices things around the office that don't exactly fit a romanti dream wedding; An old Mr. Coffee half full with dirty cof mugs and coffee grinds around a used filter... Dirty, gri windows looking out over gray office buildings with pigeo perched on them... The judges clerk, a bored black woman, eating her bag lunch and reading a Danielle Steele book. Rose looks to Gregory who faces the judge with an immobil expression. She then looks over to Doris, who offers a sympathetic smile - as if Doris understands. Rose smiles gratefully.... She turns, hoping she's making the right choice. cuT TO: INT. GREGORY (AND ROSE'S) BEDROOM ~ DAY. GREGORY'S BED HAS BEEN REPLACED BY TWO TWIN BEDS with bureaus. Rose unpacks her things into her bureau. She mov about the room with a tentativeness. She moves to Gregory bureau. She examines his things - a book, an extra pair o glasses, a cologne, a box of cufflinks and tie-pins - wit care and curiosity. These are her husband's things. The thought flashes across her mind. Gregory enters.
18) 9) dialog: You're making an awful lot of assumptions. Have you talked to him about it? (Rose shakes her head) Well then how do you know how he feels?
18) 14) dialog: Ray?
20) 50) dialog: Has he called?
20) 52) dialog: Well, no news is good news I guess.
20) 61) dialog: (hands her a note) Gregory called the office. Rose is suddenly filled with dread. DORIS (Cont'd) He said he knows it's your free period and he'll wait for your call. You don't have to if you don't want to, honey. Rose considers what to do. 112. INT. ADMINISTRATION (DORIS' OFFICE) ~ DAY. Rose is on the phone waiting for Gregory to pick up.
21) 16) dialog: Let it go honey. I tell you something. From where I stand - right now, you're the most beautiful woman I've ever seen. Rose sobs as she hugs Doris. Gregory slowly hangs up the phone. He is free to be with Jessie now. But somehow, it doesn't feel right.
22) 0) text: Rose and Doris are curled up on the couch in front of the
22) 6) dialog: Jesus, we only had one joint. SAME LOCATION - MOMENTS LATER. A drunken Alex is being led into a bedroom by Rose and Do
22) 7) dialog: I'll go make coffee. Doris exits. Rose plops Alex down on the bed.
23) 38) dialog: Yes, Can I help you?
23) 40) dialog: Why don't you just ask her? Henry confidentially pulls her off to an isolated area.
23) 42) dialog: Yeah, I see. You must be "the friend" I've heard about! The one who goes five times with girls young enough to be your daughters. (Henry is shocked) Now you listen to me. Rose is feeling really good about herself right now and I don't want anything getting in the way of that - you hear me!? She's seeing someone else right now - someone she knew before Mr. Larkin and she's very excited. She's living with me and I don't give my phone number out so just tell your friend he doesn't have to rush home.
23) 44) dialog: I don't know. Five times may be enough for a twenty year old - but you're gonna have to do better than that with me, pal.
24) 15) dialog: Man, this girl's on a roll. cuT TO: INT. RESTAURANT ~ NIGHT. Alex and Rose are having dinner. Alex eats as Rose "prepa