0) 0) text: C.U. - RADIO/ALARM CLOCK. It reads 7:00 AM. The radio/ala goes off playing a BACH SONATA. Gregory's hand enters fro to shut it off. INT. ROSE MORGAN'S BEDROOM - MORNING. C.U. - RADIO/ALARM CLOCK. It reads 7:00 AM. The radio/ala clock goes off playing JANIS JOPLIN'S "PIECE OF MY HEART" Rose's hand enters from OS, to raise the volume.
0) 1) text: As Gregory and Rose prepare for their day, WE INTERCUT between the two, yet never revealing their faces. We hear ROSE MORGAN IN VOICE OVER as: - We see Gregory, after showering, methodically folding h towels then opening his medicine cabinet where we find perfectly ordered rows of products organized according to their category - a row of medicines, a row of colognes, a of shaving products.
0) 4) text: - We see GREGORY LARKIN, dressed in a sports jacket and t washing his coffee cup before placing it in the dishwashe He exits the kitchen to the hall and checks himself in an antique mirror. He is a handsome man in his forties - rou wire rimmed glasses, thick wavy hair, well built. He exud control and order and intelligence. - We see an antique vanity. Camera opens on a drawer fill with un-opened beauty products and cosmetics as well as packages of donuts, cookies and candies. Rose's hand reac in and pauses. We don't know whether she is reaching for lipstick or an coffee cake. Finally, the hand grabs the coffee cake and closes the drawer. Camera follows her han she places the coffee cake into a tote bag filled with bo and notebooks. Camera angles on the double mirror atop th messy vanity to reveal ROSE MORGAN as she looks at hersel Slightly overweight by today's standards, she wears no ma up and a formless dress. Her mousy brown stringy hair han straight in a blunt cut so she can run her hands through when she talks excitedly. Rose is a funny, vibrant, intelligent woman in her forties, who clearly spends her passions on ideas instead of appearances - partly out of necessity. Beauty has never been a quality anyone attribu to Rose. As she sits gazing at her reflection, ‘wondering she should fix herself up any further, WE HEAR HER VOICE ROSE (Cont'd; V.0.) "For they had spoken the word ... And the word they had spoken was a word of desire ... " She waves her hand at her reflection in a carefree manner if to say, “Why bother?". She exits. cuT TO: EXT. COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY - DAY. A beautiful fall day. The beginning of the school year.
2) 0) text: GREGORY LARKIN teaches a room full of students. He is extremely awkward and pedantic as a teacher. The atmosphe of this classroom is a stark contrast to Rose's.
2) 2) text: Camera pans the rows of bored students trying hard to rec the lesson, while others have given up entirely. Some of the female students, however, are very interested albeit in Gregory's butt as he paces the floor, reading f a text book. Their eyes never rise above his waist.
2) 3) dialog: Socrates states "If measure and symmetry... Camera on a student yawning... GREGORY (Cont'd; 0.S.) are absent from any composition... An epidemic begins as another student catches the yawning bug...and then another...and another as Gregory continues GREGORY (Cont'd; 0.8.) -+.in any degree, ruin awaits both the ingredients and the composition. Camera angles on the various kinds of yawns each student creates - wide yawns, small yawns, double yawns, triple yawns... GREGORY (Cont'd; 0.S.) Measure and symmetry are beauty and virtue the world over." Now what he is saying here? Gregory looks to his class and, together with every stude YAWNS. There is complete silence as everyone participates cUuT TO: INT. BLOOMINGDALES COSMETICS DEPT. - LATE AFTERNOON. Camera captures a variety of images - various women being "“made~over" by cosmetic saleswomen. Giant display ads of models with perfect skin and perfect hair caressing skin lotion and perfume ... And mirrors - everywhere - to illuminate the faults in every potential customer's appearance. One of the display ads is a Gap-like-Annie Lebowitz- celebrity-advertisement of a stunning auburn haired woman
3) 0) text: A gathering of New York's intelligentsia wine and brie cr are seated in a room facing Gregory at a podium, surround by copies of his book. He is uneasy about speaking in fro of a crowd;
3) 1) dialog: Thank you all very much. I am honored by this warm and gracious welcome. (more)
3) 8) dialog: Is she gone?
3) 10) dialog: Oh God - what am I going to do?
3) 12) dialog: You don't know her. I'll say hello. She'll say hello and the next thing you know I'll be trapped, naked ina hotel room with her.
3) 16) dialog: I have to go to the bathroom. He exits into a john. Henry talks through the door.
3) 18) dialog: To destroy me. Why else? She must have heard I was almost happy.
3) 20) dialog: You have to help me. Don't leave me alone with her. And don't let her come to dinner with us.
3) 22) dialog: We better get out there before they meet. How do I look? Henry looks him up and down. He notices that Gregory forg to zip his fly - his white briefs showing through - but decides not to teil him.
3) 38) dialog: Thank you.
3) 59) dialog: Please don't do this to me. Jessica quides him, helplessly, into the room. cur TO: INT. ROSE AND HANNAH'S APARTMENT - NIGHT. Rose enters a long foyer of sprawling eight room apartmen a traditional West End Avenue brownstone. She walks down hallways to the bedrooms, moving towards her mother Hanna room. The door is open. The light is on. Rose steps into doorway and stops. HANNAH MORGAN, is a beautiful Elizabeth Taylor sixty year who is still turning heads. She wears an elegant pajama outfit, sitting upright in bed with pastel pillows and femininity oozing out of the wallpaper. She pauses in her reading to look up at her daughter and ask about her date
4) 0) text: Gregory and Jessica ravage each other; tearing clothes, devouring kisses, cries of pleasure. All the while, Grego releases something in him that is completely antithetical his college professor persona. We see an abandon and fearlessness that comically borders on madness.
4) 10) dialog: It's a man, isn't it?
4) 12) dialog: The reason you're here - in New York.
4) 14) dialog: Are you staying in town?
4) 16) dialog: Well, we reached that point where we've been together too long. We either had to get married or stop seeing each other.
4) 18) dialog: (helpless) Why do you do this to me? Jessica hesitates - knowing this moment would come.
4) 22) text: GREGORY (Cont'd) You don't know what I'm like after you leave. I nearly lost my mind last time. I couldn't think straight, I couldn't work, I had no control and I didn't care. I remember teaching a calculus class when I suddenly thought of making love to you and I had to run into the teacher's lounge to masturbate.
4) 24) dialog: You appear then disappear and in between I fool myself with other women. If you're going to destroy me, then do it! Tell me I mean nothing to you. Tell me you make love like that with other men. Tell me you feel nothing for me! But Jessie shakes her head. She cannot tell him that. Gre grabs her He kisses into an embrace. GREGORY (Cont'd) Then marry me. Don't you see? Loving you is my dream, my nightmare, ny faith ... my madness ... Don't leave me in the real world with the Godless and the sane.
4) 30) dialog: Forget marriage. Just stay with me.
4) 32) dialog: I can't let you go.
4) 34) dialog: And after that?
6) 0) text: Jess is in the shower. Gregory is on the phone to Katheri INTERCUT KATHERINE, whose sits beside semi-packed luggage
6) 2) dialog: I'm so sorry, Katherine.
6) 4) dialog: I know. cuT TO: INT. RESTAURANT/BAR HANG-OUT - NIGHT. Doris and an upset Rose sit at a table surrounded by drin DORIS is a large woman with beautiful bright eyes and a charismatic smile. She is a woman perfectly at home insid her body. A WAITER APPEARS with their food;
7) 0) text: Jess is sleeping. Gregory sits beside the bed. Jess awake to find him staring at her.
7) 2) dialog: Because when I wake up, you won't be here.
8) 5) dialog: My life is almost half over and I'm still juggling feathers, Henry.
8) 7) dialog: It's any expression of my mothers’. Right before her fourth marriage she said to me “Don't ever waste your time holding on to love - you might as well try juggling feathers". A STUDENT, HAL, catches up with them, holding a report.
8) 9) dialog: Here! You want an A? An A plus!
8) 11) dialog: 
8) 23) dialog: She's amazing!
8) 25) dialog: What do you mean? I thought she made a lot of sense.
8) 27) dialog: I didn't notice how she looked.
8) 29) dialog: I've had beautiful women Henry. I've had great sex. And I'm alone ... I want to meet her.
8) 35) dialog: All I know is, I'm lonely. Maybe Jessie is my one real love - so what? Maybe my mother was right or maybe we're only allowed one a lifetime and I got stuck with someone I can't have. But maybe there's something else I can have. Something I can trust, feel safe with, build with ...
8) 37) dialog: Well ... I don't know. Maybe. Why not? She's seems like a fascinating woman.
8) 39) dialog: I'm not so sure.
8) 47) dialog: Uh ... I'm Gregory Larkin - Math Department. I sat in on your class yesterday with Henry Fine.
8) 49) dialog: I'm sure he did. I thought your lecture was ... fascinating. I was wondering if you were free - if you wanted to go for a cup of coffee or something. Rose immediately recognizes this is a good looking guy as her for coffee, and her “Alex alarms" go up.
8) 51) dialog: Oh, well maybe some other time. (Rose nods) I think you're a gifted teacher. You really had those students. I'd love to discuss your teaching methods with you some time as well.
8) 56) dialog: 
8) 57) dialog: Hi - it's Gregory Larkin. I hope I'm not disturbing you.
8) 62) dialog: What?
8) 64) dialog: I was calling to see if your were free for lunch tomorrow. Rose grimaces. cut To: INT. COLUMBIA ADMINSTRATION OFFICE - DAY. Doris is at her desk when Rose enters.
8) 68) dialog: ««.80 what I had hoped to accomplish with the book was to show within this Universal Order, numbers are not just numbers but symbols that represent - how should I say it - metaphysical concepts. First there's the One, the Universal, the All - that from which everything springs and is ever contained in - you still with me?
8) 74) dialog: (enjoying himself) Then we divided with One into the Two - the duality of the One and One's awareness of itself through it's opposite, the Two. Then there's three, which is the relationship between the two and the one ...
8) 76) dialog: That's right? Did you read the book?
8) 79) dialog: Exactly. This is marvelous.
8) 84) dialog: I'm sorry. I didn't mean to lecture. Excuse me a moment. Gregory exits to the bathroom. Doris nudges Rose.
8) 91) dialog: You're class is remarkable. Maybe you can sit in on my class on next week.
8) 93) dialog: Well...I wanted to ask - how do get them to stay?
8) 97) dialog: Rose. Rose. Rose awakens with a start! She gets her bearings and real the class is over - and she was asleep.
8) 99) dialog: No it's all right. At least now you're familiar with the problem. Can you help? (Rose wonders) Maybe we can have dinner tonight - talk about it. I'll invite other people if you like. Rose, feeling badly, accepts. cut To: INT. RESTAURANT - NIGHT. Gregory.and Rose are having dinner with Henry and his dat a beautiful blonde model named CANDY. Each pair is involv in conversation. The camera cuts between the two conversations.
8) 101) dialog: You're right. How?
8) 107) dialog: Find the humor in calculus?
8) 109) dialog: Really? Back to Henry and Candy.
9) 0) text: Henry and Gregory.
9) 1) dialog: Isn't she something?
10) 10) dialog: Listen. I have two tickets to the Philharmonic. It's a benefit. Black tie. Do you feel like going? Rose, her mouth full of food, is impressed by Gregory's proposal. She nods. He smiles. cur TO: INT. ROSE'S CLASSROOM ~ DAY. Gregory sits in on another of Rose's lectures.
10) 61) dialog: Sorry for what? You're exactly on time.
10) 63) dialog: We should get out of the wind. curt TO: INT. AVERY FISHER BATHROOM ~ NIGHT. Rose wipes off all the make-up and brushes out her hair. curT To: INT. AVERY FISHER HALL - NIGHT. On stage, the Philharmonic Orchestra plays Cesar Franck's PSYCHE. In the audience, Rose sits beside Gregory listeni Gregory reaches into his pocket and pulls something out. then nudges Rose who jumps slightly and looks to what Gre has in his hand. A THIN SMALL COMPUTER. It looks like a calculator with an extra large screen. Gregory whispers:
10) 64) dialog: It makes shapes out of sound waves. He turns it on. Rose watches. The little screen bursts in color as the music creates fantastic forms and spirals. S smiles in fascination. Gregory is pleased it's made an impression, They watch together like two children. INT. AVERY FISHER ~ RECEPTION - NIGHT. An after concert reception. Rose and Gregory stand in the crowd with white wine and hor d'oeuvres. Rose bites into
10) 66) dialog: I hate crowds.
10) 71) dialog: I read somewhere it's a midnight celebrity benefit for Dance Theatre of Harlem and AIDS.
10) 73) dialog: We don't have invitations. Rose has a devious and mischievous look on her face. EXT. LINCOLN CENTER ~ NIGHT. Gregory stands in the cold, in his tux, watching - Rose approaching the line of paparazzi, awaiting celebrit arrivals. Limousines pull up to the curb and cameras star flashing at whoever exits. During a lull, Rose whistles o TWO YOUNG PHOTOGRAPHERS and brings them into a huddle. Gregory is intrigued as he watches Rose give them directi and money. He sees the photographers shrug and nod to Ros Rose returns to Gregory.
10) 74) dialog: What are you doing?
10) 76) dialog: Are you sure about this?
10) 82) dialog: That was incredible. We completely fooled- ...
10) 84) dialog: (whispers excitedly) We completely fooled then.
10) 90) dialog: They didn't have any more roast beef with horse radish but I got some beef skewers instead.
10) 92) dialog: b You love food, don't you?
10) 94) dialog: k No, not at all. Could you make me one like that?
10) 95) text: ' Here ... have this one. h She pops it into his mouth. Gregory is unphased by the intimacy of the gesture. Rose smiles. He stares at her. R giggles self-consciously. ROSE (Cont'd) What?
10) 99) dialog: (still excited) I can't believe we fooled them! She laughs. cuT TO: EXT. NYC STREET - NIGHT. Rose and Gregory walk home after the concert.
10) 100) dialog: My favorite period is the turn of the century. Everyone having these inflamed desires for people they've only sat alone in a parlor with. Holding hands becomes the most intimate act.
10) 102) dialog: Are you ... seeing anyone right now? Rose stops, losing her smile. Gregory is worried. GREGORY (Cont'd) What's wrong?
10) 104) dialog: (shyly) Well I... I'd like to get to know you better Rose.
10) 106) dialog: Do we have to label it?
10) 111) dialog: So have I.
10) 113) dialog: I don't agree. I know the whole "on the rebound" scenario and believe me that's not what this is. I don't want what I had with her. I want something else. I want everything you've been talking about in that classroom.
10) 115) dialog: There are no guarantees Rose. There's no perfect science ~ it's still all depends on how a person sees it. And when I see you I see a woman unlike any I've known. Your mind, your humor, your passion for ideas, your courage to live by them ... Rose is being swept off her feet. GREGORY (Cont'd) What would happen if we put everything else - the sex, the romantic illusions - and put them aside. Got to real know each other's heart and soul, like those knights and ladies of the 12th century.
10) 120) dialog: They we're ahead of the game because we don't have that passion. All we have is respect and true affection. At least I do. Pause. Rose finds it hard to breath. Gregory worries. GREGORY (Cont'd) Have I... overstepped the boundaries? Speechless, Rose shakes her head. They walk side by side silence for a moment. Until: GREGORY (Cont'd) Rose? (they stop) May I hold your hand then? Rose finds this so moving, she can only nod. Gregory take her hand and they walk past camera. With their backs to u we hear:
10) 122) dialog: No, she's lives in Paris.
10) 126) dialog: And um...there were many photographers and..oh wait, no, first we had to find a limousine and we paid them twenty dollars for just a few minutes, then...then we got in and went around to the front which was very crowded ~ as I said, there were many photographers uh, taking pictures. The class is bored stiff. Gregory can't tell a story. GREGORY (Cont'd) It was very exciting how this chain reaction occurred.... 60. Rose bites her lip so as not to laugh. She finds poor Gre so endearing, as he looks up ta her with pleading eyes begging for help. cUuT TO: INT. COMEDY CLUB ~ NIGHT. A comedian plays for a packed house. Camera pans around t audience to find Rose and Gregory deep in conversation, oblivious to their surroundings.
10) 127) dialog: «.s. I don't know what it is about Jesse but, after this last time, I made a decision I don't ever want to feel that obsessive or lost over someone again. It's unendurable. I sometimes think maybe it's because she was my first.
10) 129) dialog: My first ... you know ... lovemaking experience.
10) 132) text: They both 61. ROSE (cont'd) (Gregory nods) You mean you had never ... until you
10) 134) dialog: T was a real good student.
10) 136) dialog: Wow. You don't usually hear people with high I.Q.'s say that. I like it. Wow. How old were you?
10) 138) dialog: Actually it does, but that's OK. I never got to really know any of them - I guess I just wasn't interested until Jess. She was so ... dangerous. Why are we attracted to that?
11) 0) text: Camera pans stadium crowd, until we find Gregory and Rose deep conversation- oblivious to their surroundings.
11) 7) dialog: You know, I've always been fascinated by people's fascination with this game. I don't see the point of playing a game in which you exert all that effort to wind up at the same place you started? Rose considers this but doesn't have an answer.
11) 12) dialog: See! Now, he runs around and winds up where he started - mathematically this’ game has no point.
11) 14) dialog: Averages?
11) 16) dialog: Now which number is it? cur TO: INT. GREGORY'S CLASSROOM - DAY. The students sit, dreading the boring class to come. The opens. Their faces register astonishment at what they see Gregory enters wearing tight jeans with designer tears on knees, a tight T-shirt, a baseball jacket and cap. The gi jaws drop in admiration as he takes off his jacket to rev the outline of his torso. Gregory is clearly self-conscio but bravely continues:
11) 20) dialog: So, let's see. What are we doing today? (reads) Fibonacci ratios as they approach the Greek Golden ratio. (pause, then:) Bummer. Shock. Surprise. Some giggles, GREGORY (Cont'd) Anybody see the game on Sunday? That Marakesh. What a bum - huh? Some students nod cautiously in disbelief. GREGORY (Cont'd) Let me put this before you. Let's say Marakesh's contract states that he must keep his average at 285 for a period of at least 33 of the 52 game season - not the the bum can, but let's just say. (class laughs) Not figuring in the percentage of balls to strikes ...
11) 22) dialog: (thinks, then:) I don't know. I'll have to ask Rose. cut To: INT. RESTAURANT - NIGHT. Gregory talks excitedly. Rose has never seen him so anima
11) 23) dialog: ««. and suddenly there was this tangible energy in the room. We actually exchanged ideas. We were connected somehow. It was .. was ...
11) 28) dialog: GREAT! They came alive. They participated. They STAYED! - (Rose laughs) And they laughed. I was funny Rose! You know what I want to do for my Phythagorean theory class. I want you to expose me to your music, current music, post 1799. I have an idea for examining harmonic proportions.
11) 31) dialog: I can't thank you enough. I was a better teacher today than I've ever been because of you. Rose smiles, deeply touched. A WAITER brings them two sal then offers:
11) 33) dialog: She doesn't like pepper, but I will. And you can you bring her a side dish of extra dressing. She likes a little extra. Rose is so moved by this gesture she can't take her eyes of Gregory, who proceeds to cut his his salad, oblivious how much that mean to Rose. She can hardly eat. Gregory continues talking MOS = but Rose just stares at him, as i abut to cry. cur TO: INT. LADIES BOUTIQUE - DAY. Rose shops. Wearing her usual baggy clothes, she sorts through a rack of similar black baggy clothes...But then something catches her eye...
12) 0) text: Rose whips up a gourmet meal with great joy as Gregory watches like a eager apprentice.
13) 0) text: Rose wears another colorful, revealing outfit as she whip her class into a frenzy. 67. INT. GREGORY (AND ROSE'S) APARTMENT ~ NIGHT. Gregory passionately explains some diagrams on his comput as Rose listens attentively. We can tell he is loving the of sharing his life. And Rose is surrendering. INT. MET OPERA - NIGHT. Gregory and Rose listen to TRISTAN UND ISOLDE, as they sh his sound wave hand computer. Rose decides to take the computer away and force Gregory to close his eyes and jus listen.
13) 3) dialog: Hi. Am I late?
13) 8) dialog: No. It's nice. Just certain scents make my eyes water.
13) 10) dialog: (laughs) No. Don't. Where's your mother?
13) 14) dialog: I've been looking forward to meeting you Mrs, Morgan.
13) 16) dialog: I thought so too. look to Rose who wants to get this over with.
13) 23) dialog: (Impressed) My God Rose it's...it's art.
13) 25) dialog: No it is. An artist isn't just a painter or sculptor. It's someone that sets a table a certain way or prepares food a certain way...0Or teaches a certain way. (sincerely) You are an artist, Rose. Rose is thrilled by the comment. They look to Hannah for confirmation.
13) 30) dialog: It's delicious. Hannah gives Rose a stare as she piles her plate with mea
13) 33) dialog: You have to dip the bread in this gravy ~ it's amazing. Rose smiles and takes the bread. The two are enjoying the meal as Hannah quietly eats her salad, feeling thwarted.
13) 40) dialog: Well, I-haven't been asked yet but I'm secretly hoping I am. (Rose smiles) Maybe you can put in a good word for me, Mrs. Morgan. Hannah smiles falsely. Rose smirks gratefully to Gregory. INT. KITCHEN ~- LATER THAT NIGHT. Rose and Hannah are fighting.
13) 51) dialog: We're almost there. Gregory leads her to a PAINTING - a six foot portrait of beautiful women with flaming red hair, half nude, wearing only a camisole that is slipping off her body as she stan before a sunlit window. The woman looks very similar to Jessie. Rose looks at the picture.
13) 53) dialog: She's my mother. (Rose is fascinated) She lived in Europe after she left my father and me. We didn't hear anything for years until an associate of my father's told us she was seen with this Hungarian painter who was starting to make a name for himself. He apparently took his work back to Hungary with him and it wasn't until the Eastern Bloc fell that his work came to the states.
13) 58) dialog: No. She died of cancer during my second year at Harvard. She was living with her fifth husband in Seattle. I liked him. I went to all the weddings. We always spent her last night as a free woman together. That's what she'd call it. I'd even help her get dressed for the ceremony. I remember being fascinated watching her put on make- up. I'd watch this ritual over and over until I knew exactly the moment when she would reach for the eyeliner er blend in her rouge. Rose listens, seeing the wounded boy inside Gregory for t first time. GREGORY (Cont'd) But then every boy thinks they're mother is beautiful, huh? I come to see it whenever they give a showing of his work ... But I've ... never brought anyone before. Rose is so touched. She reaches for his hand and holds it tight. She is falling in love with this man. Gregory sque her hand affectionately. It is a tender moment until ~-
14) 0) text: Gregory exits the dry cleaners with his tuxedo. He walks the street. He passes by a NEWS STAND displaying a variet magazines and tabloids. He stops suddenly. He turns back the next stand. Something caught his eye. He moves toward particular magazine - a Parisian fashion monthly. He pick up to read the cover INT. GREGORY'S BEDROOM - DAY. Camera pans the tuxedo laying on the bed as the PHONE RIN The answering machine picks up.
14) 7) dialog: Gregory ~- half dressed - having a difficult time speakin
14) 9) dialog: It's me.
14) 11) dialog: I don't know. I woke up ... feeling a little dizzy ... and uh ...
14) 13) dialog: I think I might ... I don't have a thermometer.
14) 15) dialog: Yeah I... I think I should ... I'm so sorry Rose.
14) 39) dialog: 
14) 54) dialog: I didn't know you played piano. Rose is startled but hides her surprise with coolness.
14) 59) dialog: I... came to apologize. Rose, I wasn't really sick ... I was-
14) 61) dialog: I'm sorry. I wanted to be here for you. Are you all right?
14) 63) dialog: Rose, I want to ask you something.
14) 65) dialog: Please. Before you say that, just listen. Because I can only say this once. I've been sitting in ny apartment for days thinking it out so don't feel as if I'm being impulsive. Rose ... I'm very ... very fond of you. When I'm with you I feel ina strange way as if - I'm home. I think we ... I think we're great together. And I think ...
14) 69) dialog: Well whatever it is, I'm saying it wrong, aren't I? This feeling you have for Alex - I know it isn't the same with me. But I think ... we have a kind of love that doesn't look like anything else. It's may be difficult to pinpoint but I believe it's there. We have a passion for knowledge and for all that life can show us instead of a passion for each other. But's it's real. I know I've never mentioned it before but I had hoped you could feel it. In our own way, I believe we love other. (pause) I think we should get married. Rose is stunned. Her mind is racing. GREGORY (Cont'd) I know what you're thinking? We haven't had sex. If this were 1900 that wouldn't be a question but since it's not all I can say is - it's not that important to me. What we have instead, is. I figure we'll just let the rest of it happen naturally. (Rose is speechless) Our experiences with love in the past have left us miserable. But, perhaps, there was an order to it. Perhaps, it led us here.
14) 71) dialog: Any other considerations?
15) 0) text: Gregory and Rose, both in suits, stand in front of a judg with witnesses Henry on one side and Doris on the other. Hannah is not present. As the judge speaks, Rose notices things around the office that don't exactly fit a romanti dream wedding; An old Mr. Coffee half full with dirty cof mugs and coffee grinds around a used filter... Dirty, gri windows looking out over gray office buildings with pigeo perched on them... The judges clerk, a bored black woman, eating her bag lunch and reading a Danielle Steele book. Rose looks to Gregory who faces the judge with an immobil expression. She then looks over to Doris, who offers a sympathetic smile - as if Doris understands. Rose smiles gratefully.... She turns, hoping she's making the right choice. cuT TO: INT. GREGORY (AND ROSE'S) BEDROOM ~ DAY. GREGORY'S BED HAS BEEN REPLACED BY TWO TWIN BEDS with bureaus. Rose unpacks her things into her bureau. She mov about the room with a tentativeness. She moves to Gregory bureau. She examines his things - a book, an extra pair o glasses, a cologne, a box of cufflinks and tie-pins - wit care and curiosity. These are her husband's things. The thought flashes across her mind. Gregory enters.
15) 3) dialog: I've’ made some room on the shelves for your books. I've put those boxes in the living room. Are you finding everything easily?
15) 5) dialog: So, uh, what would you like to do?
15) 7) dialog: It's been a long day. I have an early student's meeting. When do you have to get up? (fixing the alarm)
15) 9) dialog: I'll try not to wake you. Pause. They stand awkwardly opposite each other. GREGORY (Cont'd) Would you like to use the bathroom first?
15) 14) dialog: Where is what?
15) 16) dialog: Washcloths?
15) 18) dialog: Under the sink. She closes the door. Gregory quickly puts on his robe. He realizes this is more difficult than he thought. INT. BEDROOM - LATE AT NIGHT. Gregory is asleep. Rose's bed is unmade, but empty. Camer pans around to Rose, sitting in a chair by the window, drinking a cup of tea quietly. She wears men's pajamas an robe. She rises. She crosses to a mirror and looks at her and her wedding ring. She is now a married woman. She won if she looks any differently. She sees a shopping bag by bureau containing an unwrapped present. She takes the bag into the bathroom, closing the door. INT. BATHROOM ~ NIGHT. Removing the box, she opens it and reads a gift card: FOR
16) 0) text: Rose and Gregory walk hand in hand. Rose notices young gi noticing them and she likes it. They reach a place where must separate. For an awkward moment, they don't know how kiss each other. Finally they give each other a quick pec the cheek. Gregory exits. Rose looks frustrated. INT. GREGORY'S CLASS ~ DAY. In jeans and a sweater, Gregory continues his new, popula teaching style. INT. BEDROOM ~ NIGHT. Rose is reading in bed. Gregory is in the bathroom with t door half open. Rose can't heip but sneak a peak from the to the mirror inside the bathroom, where she sees Gregory stepping out of the shower. When he reaches for a towel, arm shuts the door - cutting off Rose's view. She returns her book. cur TO: EXT. MUSEUM MILE - DAY. Rose stops to buy flowers on the street with Henry's newe young BRUNETTE. Camera continues on to Henry and Gregory continue walking.
16) 1) dialog: So how old is she?
16) 5) dialog: Better than that.
16) 7) dialog: Different? How?
16) 9) dialog: No, and it hasn't made a bit of difference. But we can tell that Henry's sexual escapades have left a impression of yearning in Gregory. Meanwhile, Rose asks the Brunette, incredulously.
16) 15) dialog: I've noticed over the past month or sa you've been dressing differently.
16) 17) dialog: However you wish to dress is for you to choose. I wouldn't think of interfering. I only wondered what prompted the change?
16) 39) dialog: Gathering up her courage, Rose decides to make a move. Sh turns the wipe down into a massage, rubbing deeper and de into his back, moving her hands down the front of his bod Gregory suddenly gets nervous and tenses up. GREGORY (Cont'd) ow!
16) 41) dialog: (vises) No ... that's OK. I'm all sweaty. I should shower and uh ... I have to floss.
16) 43) dialog: Rose ... please ... could you remember not to leave your morning coffee in the bathroom
16) 45) dialog: Thank you. He reenters the bathroom. Rose remains on the floor - disappointed and frustrated.
17) 0) text: Rose is cooking as she listens to DYLAN'S "STUCK INSIDE A MOBILE WITH THOSE MEMPHIS BLUES AGAIN" blasting on the li room stereo. Gregory enters and yells over the music.
17) 1) dialog: Hi.
17) 3) dialog: Would you mind terribly if we put something else on during dinner? I was wondering if maybe you'd like to- can finish, Rose marches out of the kitchen and the stereo. Gregory is surprised by her abruptness. GREGORY (Cont'd) We didn't have to take it off now. I only meant ...
17) 5) dialog: Not if you don't want -
17) 7) dialog: (intimidated) Which one would you like?
17) 9) dialog: Well not all opera is -
17) 11) dialog: Rose, are you upset about something?
17) 16) dialog: Why are you angry?
17) 18) dialog: I don't see the point. It's not very constructive.
17) 20) dialog: Are you're implying I'm not human?
17) 23) dialog: Maybe it would be best if we had some distance tonight and gathered ourselves. I'11 eat out. He exits. Rose wants to clobber hin. INT. BEDROOM - LATER THAT NIGHT. Rose is in bed reading a book, blasting JIMI HENDRIX from living room. A tired Gregory enters. Rose doesn't bother look up from her book. Gregory crosses into the bathroom. INT. BATHROOM ~- NIGHT. Gregory enters to find TEN CUPS OF OLD COFFEE SURROUNDING SINK. His temper rises but he controls it.
18) 0) text: Gregory asks politely.
18) 1) dialog: If this is a joke, I'm missing it. Rose puts down her book AND BEGINS TO FLOSS HER TEETH. GREGORY (Cont'd) I'm really at a loss here. Can't we discuss what's ... The music invades his concentration. GREGORY (Cont'd) That music is a little loud. Would you mind if I... The guitar licks seem to get louder. Gregory is clearly a but holds it back. He yells to be heard. GREGORY (Cont'd)
18) 8) dialog: I'm really at a loss as to what is going on here. Rose deflates. She gets off the bed and exits into the li room. We hear the music shut off. Gregory stands confused cuT TO: 95. EXT. OUTDOOR CAFE - DAY. Rose, Doris and Claire are having lunch. Rose is only pla with her food while the two others eat heartily.
18) 21) dialog: Well, that's just it. I honestly haven't had the desire. And what if if it doesn't work? Our relationship was never based on that. I love her a great deal but ...
18) 23) dialog: That has nothing to do with it.
18) 25) dialog: (flustered) I know. I haven't said anything because I haven't decided if I want to do it or not.
18) 30) dialog: I uh...I have the game on for you.
18) 32) dialog: Doesn't matter to me.
18) 37) dialog: Oh, before bed? I don't know Rose. T'll wake up with head pressure.
18) 39) dialog: All right. One glass. Rose offers him a glass, then sets the tray on her bed, taking her glass. She stands as they sip. GREGORY (Cont'd) Mmm ... good. Fruity. I don't normally like fruity but this is good. Gregory realizes she's standing. He asks gently; GREGORY (Cont'd) Do you want to sit down?
18) 41) dialog: I could lower the thermostat,
18) 46) dialog: I'm sorry. No..My fault..Sorry. Pause. Gregory faces her and asks apprehensively yet blun
18) 47) dialog: Do ... do you want to ...
18) 49) dialog: (logically) Well maybe if we undress and get into bed.
18) 54) dialog: I'm so sorry Rose. I'm... Rose turns away from him and starts to cry silently; He doesn't know what to say. He feels very badly. GREGORY (Cont'd) Rose? Rose hides her face, filled with hurt and shame.
18) 56) dialog: Rose. Listen ... What we have ... I've never had with a woman what I share with you ... The way I feel about myself with you ... the way I see myself through you. You're so good for me.
19) 0) text: Gregory, dressed for school, sits as Rose pours his coffe She sits opposite him - calmly and collected.
19) 2) dialog: If that's what you want.
19) 4) dialog: I've been offered a lecture tour for my book. I can start next month.
19) 6) dialog: London and... Paris. Rose feels a pang of despair when she hears "Paris".
19) 8) dialog: I don't know Rose,
20) 21) dialog: You look ... breathtaking. 107. Jessie smiles, genuinely appreciating the remark. A WAITE approaches. IN SUBTITLES, JESSIE SAYS IN FRENCH:
20) 55) dialog: Isn't yours?
20) 59) dialog: You don't seem happy.
21) 0) text: Gregory answers the phone. INTERCUT ROSE.
21) 1) dialog: Hello?
21) 3) dialog: Hi. How are you?
21) 5) dialog: They tell me it's going well. You know how I hate crowds.
21) 7) dialog: It seems odd not to have spoken for so long. I... I thought it was time.
21) 9) dialog: I think about you all the time. Especially at meals. (Rose fights tears) Rose, I need to know what you're feeling. About us. About our future. Rose knows the end is coming.
21) 11) dialog: Yes, but ~ nothing's happened. I want you to know Rose that I'm perfectly willing to continue. To try again ... I know I've made some mistakes but ~ Cot INUED 113.
21) 14) dialog: Rose ... I do lov~ ...
22) 16) dialog: This is fascinating.
22) 18) dialog: I thought I was.
22) 20) dialog: Well I'm sorry. I honestly don't know.
22) 22) dialog: Wow.
22) 27) dialog: Right now ... in this moment ... T don't know what I feel about you.
22) 29) dialog: It's not enthusiasm ... I just don't know if I want this. We can see a flash of panic on Jessie's face.
22) 31) dialog: (confused) What?
22) 33) dialog: What are you saying?
22) 38) dialog: Wow.
22) 41) dialog: I've been in love with you practically all my life. I..I (trying to figure out a problem) thought - that's what love feels like ..- All that longing ... Never feeling entirely ... whole . .. But I wonder.
22) 44) dialog: I don't know. I don't know ... I have to go. He gets up and starts to dress. Jessie is in shock. She c hardly form the words;
22) 46) dialog: (dressing) I don't know. No. I guess.
22) 52) dialog: I'm sorry. It'll be all right ... 1 still want you in my life somehow. Jumping out of bed, Jessie pushes him away;
22) 55) dialog: I'm so sorry.
23) 22) dialog: Sorry Hannah. It's me, Gregory. Is Rose there?
23) 24) dialog: Moved? Do you have her number?
23) 29) dialog: 
24) 0) text: Gregory is on the phone with Henry. INTERCUT THE TWO.
24) 1) dialog: (panicked) Alex. It must be Alex. Well, do you at least have an address?
24) 3) dialog: Well if she has an apartment and she has a phone then she'd be in the directory...Well she has to live gomewhere!...You mean you don't even have a list of unlisted numbers? Her name is...DORIS HUMPFERURRUR...HUMMEREFFER....I don't exactly know the last name but I know she lives in the Eighties on the East Side ... Can't you just ... - IT'S
24) 13) dialog: 
24) 39) dialog: 
24) 46) dialog: Hil
24) 49) dialog: Youfre not leaving me. I am so completely, without a doubt in love with you ... Police sirens are heard OS. Rose is startled. Greg doesn' care. GREGORY (Corft'd) I'll do anything. I'll give up math. I'll take folk guitar lessons. I'll - (stops) My God ~ you look beautiful.
24) 53) dialog: I hope I'm with you long enough to watch you completely deteriorate.