3) 60) dialog: So?
4) 40) dialog: T'm halfway through my meal and you haven't even started yet. Rose holds up her forkful of each food group and calls it
4) 42) dialog: You need to see someone. Rose turns on the TV 0.S. to A BALLGAME. Hannah eats with even more irritation. HANNAH (Cont'd) --.I can't tell you how sorry I am your father put a television in this room. I hate this television and I hate it in the dining room. Can't we have a conversation?
4) 44) dialog: Fine, fine, never mind. I can't win. Please eat with your arms off the table. (more)
4) 49) dialog: Who gives a shit? {turns TV ON)
4) 51) dialog: It's not about being right. (turns TV ON) Rose laughs at the silliness of this scene.
4) 53) dialog: You haven't even noticed I had my hair done differently.
4) 58) dialog: What's different about it? Rose stops in mid-chew, caught in her lie. HANNAH (Cont'd) There's nothing different about it. I'm the same old bag I was this morning. BEAT. Hannah feels victorious. They eat in silence. Then. HANNAH (Cont'd) Have you spoekn to Claire? Or Alex? (Rose shakes her head) I feel sorry for him. I think he should dump her.
4) 60) dialog: Because I know my daughter. She's incapable of loving someone elise. She's going to break his heart, you wait and see. Deep down, Rose can't help but think Hannah is right. HANNAH (Cont'd) But I guess that's justice in a way. After what he did to you.
4) 62) dialog: You don't know what might have been.
4) 67) dialog: Claire reminds me of a girl I grew up with. Selfish. Refused to settle down. Never wanted children. Lived her own life, from man to man. She wound up -
4) 68) dialog: ».» in an insane asylun. Pause. They eat in silence until Hannah drops the bomb.
4) 69) dialog: I just don't want you to be upset.
4) 71) dialog: } Claire called. They're coming over later to celebrate. (Rose looks curious) Alex propesed tonight. They're 4 getting married in the spring. Rose stops in mid-bite. Her heart sinks. Hannah knows ful well what Rose is feeling. HANNAH (Cont'd) Now, you're not going to fall apart are you? Rose glares at her, swallowing her true feelings.
4) 73) dialog: It's all right. I'll explain.
8) 54) dialog: Rose! Answer the phone! She picks up.
10) 20) dialog: Rose? Without moving her head or neck, Rose responds. Hannah en and stands in the doorway; cool, detached; HANNAH (Cont'd) When did you get home? I didn't hear you come in? Rose remains stiff, with her back to us. HANNAH (Cont'd) What's wrong with you? Hannah approaches and is surprised when she sees Rose - w a complete make-up job. The make-up is overdone and not v complimentary to her natural looks. Rose talks with tight lips.
10) 22) dialog: Why are you talking like that?
10) 24) dialog: Paralyzed. Why are you wearing so much?
10) 29) dialog: Well, if you're going to wear make- up, you should do something with your hair.
10) 31) dialog: He must be very handsome this one, for you to go through all this.
10) 33) dialog: No one says you have to wear make-up to a formal. You've been seeing him for a few weeks. Do you think something might happen with this one?
10) 35) dialog: Then what does it matter how you look?
10) 37) dialog: Unless of course you think something might happen.
10) 42) dialog: Oh, young women today. You take everything at face value. As if the man has all the say and you have nothing to do with it. You think men know what they want before they want it? Half the time, they'd sleep with cows if that's all they could meet. How do you think syphilis was created?
10) 44) dialog: I thought it wasn't a date. Touche. Hannah begins to spray the teased hair. Rose asks vulnerably. HANNAH (Cont'd) If he takes you to dinner, order some simple - a nice fish. Broiled. And no dessert. A cup of coffee is more than sufficient.
10) 46) dialog: fch. You were my child. My firstborn.
10) 48) dialog: Silly. What's pretty anyway? You're sister's pretty - you think she'll be happy. I give that marriage two months.
10) 53) dialog: You're just sticking up for her. I should know better than to say what I really think. I can't win.
13) 12) dialog: Rose ... has our guest arrived. Rose and Gregory turn to see Hannah, ever so gracefully entering from the bedroom hallway, wearing a beautiful ou with coiffed hair and jewelry. A stark contrast to Rose's apron and jeans. She oozes charm and flirtatiousness. Coincidentally, at that same moment, an ice-cream truck passes by whispers j They both on the street with it's Mr. Softee jingle. Rose okingly to an amused Gregory.
13) 15) dialog: Welcome. Welcome. You look very nice. See, Rose - Gregory dressed for dinner. What's that smell? (Rose winces) It seems odd that we haven't met after all this time.
13) 21) dialog: Can we please have some silence during dinner? (to Gregory) She either has her music playing or the television. God forbid we should have a conversation. Rose shuts it off, enjoying Hannah's irritation. Rose ent the dining room and sets down a beautiful platter of gour food.
13) 29) dialog: We should have separate dishes for the salad Rose - use the Villeroy Boch underneath the breakfront. Please, Gregory - help yourself. There's plenty. Rose and IT don't eat very much. Rose retrieves the salad plates and returns to the table. HANNAH (Cont'd) And we never eat meat unless it's a special occasion. Especially this rich. Gregory wonders about this. Rose is irritated by the lie. sits and Hannah passes her the salad. Rose puts down the. salad and moves for the meat platter which Gregory helps with.
13) 31) dialog: Rose?
13) 34) dialog: You know, my younger daughter Claire is getting married at the end of the month. I hope Rose has invited you to come instead of insisting on going alone. I know she would so appreciate having someone there with here since-
13) 39) dialog: (innocently) What? Rose feels embarrassed. Gregory throw her a smile as if t say, “It's all right".
13) 42) dialog: This is my house. I can say what I like. And I'm telling you ~ you're going to lose this one if you don't watch out.
13) 44) dialog: Two servings of veal! Was that necessary? You think men marry women who wipe their plates clean?
13) 46) dialog: Well then there's something wrong with him. He's a good looking man. You think men like that are interested -
13) 48) text: Rose breaks a plate on purpose. Hannah is shocked into silence.
14) 22) dialog: Thank you Rose. Rose and Claire turn to the entrance to see HANNAH in an SEQUINED LOW CUT, SLINKY GOWN with a slit up the middle. holds a brown paper bag. HANNAH (Cont'd) It's comforting to have one compassionate daughter. Fix your bust, Rose. It's going in two directions. Rose begins to adjust herself, like a Pavlovian reflex. Enraged, Claire stares at the sexy dress in exasperation.
14) 27) dialog: This happens to be a Scassi!
14) 29) dialog: (insulted) Fine! I'll go home and change.
14) 31) dialog: All celibates sweat - if they didn't, they'd explode.
14) 33) dialog: I should have never encouraged you to speak. ROSE ushers her through the chapel doors. HANNAH smiles a everyone, as they "ooo" and “aah" at her loveliness... Sh walks down the aisle - taking as much time as a bride aig Rose and Claire watch from the hallway.
14) 52) dialog: (sarcastically polite) I know. Rose makes her way through the reception hall when she he the band play a fanfare. She turns to the bandstand and s Claire poised there, ready to throw her bouquet.
14) 76) dialog: What are you doing? What's wrong? Rose hesitates for a moment - then decides to tell her.
14) 78) dialog: 
14) 81) dialog: But ... you hardly know this man. You said it wasn't that kind of relationship. You said you've never even been physical with him.
14) 83) dialog: {shocked) And you said yes!?
14) 85) dialog: To cook and clean for him probably.
14) 88) text: Hannah is 83. insulted further. Rose talks more intimately; ROSE (Cont'd) Look, I admit it isn't your average marriage proposal but - (vulnerably) Nothing else is coming, we both know that - this may be it for me. He says he loves me in his way. Maybe that's all I can have.
14) 89) dialog: You're in love with him aren't you?
14) 91) dialog: (strong, curt) Listen to me, my darling daughter. I may have made a great many mistakes when it came to you so I know you have no respect for my opinion. But if you marry this man loving hin, knowing he doesn't love you in the same way - he'll hate you for it. I know. I was never "in love" with your father “that way". I married him because I knew he adored me and always would but after a while that adoration became insufferable to me. I couldn't stand him touching me. Every gesture had this pathetic plea to love him in return and I simply couldn't do it. That he died first and so early was his good fortune.
14) 93) dialog: It was torture for me! And it's the same torture you'll be putting him through. For a moment, Rose believes her. But she fights back.
15) 0) text: Gregory and Rose, both in suits, stand in front of a judg with witnesses Henry on one side and Doris on the other. Hannah is not present. As the judge speaks, Rose notices things around the office that don't exactly fit a romanti dream wedding; An old Mr. Coffee half full with dirty cof mugs and coffee grinds around a used filter... Dirty, gri windows looking out over gray office buildings with pigeo perched on them... The judges clerk, a bored black woman, eating her bag lunch and reading a Danielle Steele book. Rose looks to Gregory who faces the judge with an immobil expression. She then looks over to Doris, who offers a sympathetic smile - as if Doris understands. Rose smiles gratefully.... She turns, hoping she's making the right choice. cuT TO: INT. GREGORY (AND ROSE'S) BEDROOM ~ DAY. GREGORY'S BED HAS BEEN REPLACED BY TWO TWIN BEDS with bureaus. Rose unpacks her things into her bureau. She mov about the room with a tentativeness. She moves to Gregory bureau. She examines his things - a book, an extra pair o glasses, a cologne, a box of cufflinks and tie-pins - wit care and curiosity. These are her husband's things. The thought flashes across her mind. Gregory enters.
19) 13) dialog: I have plans tomorrow so if your things are coming you should tell the doorman to accept then. Rose doesn't even flinch, or look in her direction. She speaks in a deadened tone, void of any sentiment or emoti as stares into the mirror and remembers; -
19) 15) dialog: I did not.
19) 20) dialog: I'm going to bed.
19) 22) dialog: What?
19) 24) dialog: How did what feel?
19) 26) dialog: Please. You're being morbid.
19) 28) dialog: It was wonderful.
20) 23) dialog: So, have you decided?
20) 25) dialog: The plastic surgery. (Rose shakes her head) Well, I want you to know that if you decided to go through with it - it's my gift. I'll pay for everything.
20) 27) dialog: What do you mean why? I'm your mother. I want to do this for you. I think it's a terrific idea. Get rid of the old. Start fresh. Get a whole new outlook on things. And whether or not this husband of yours come home wanting to continue or not, you'll the power to choose what you want.
20) 31) dialog: (stumped) Well ... I suppose you can. I just want you to know I supportive of this in case you decide that's what you want. Hannah feels very motherly. Rose smiles, seeing this sill woman who once could hurt her so deeply, as something endearing, almost innocently unconscious. HANNAH (Cont'd) After you left, I rearranged all the closets and I came across some old clothes of your fathers. I found this. I thought you'd get a kick out of it. Hannah pulls a photograph out of her purse. Rose looks ov Hannah's shoulder at AN OLD PHOTO OF A PRETTY LITTLE GIRL A PINK DRESS, smiling into the camera.
20) 33) dialog: That's not Claire. That's you. ROSE IS COMPLETELY TAKEN BY SURPRISE.
20) 35) dialog: It was in some terry cloth robe of his. Rose takes the picture and stares at it ~- like a buried treasure discovered. HANNAH (Cont'd) «+. When I'd take you and Claire out, everyone would comment on you. How bright you were...Like a flashbuib, your father would say. You were just two there.
20) 40) dialog: Your father adored you. But you know that. He never thought of Claire. Only you. Especially in the early years, after Claire was born. And after a while ... even I didn't occupy his thoughts so much.
20) 42) dialog: Because I tortured him if he didn't. But if I hadn't? (shrugs) He thought you were the most beautiful thing he'd ever seen. I don't think he'd ever even held a baby before you came. Having you was quite an experience for him. (almost vulnerable) You said some horrible things to me I may be a complete monster of a mother but that doesn't mean I ... (she can't say it) No one teaches you how to raise a child. You don't know what to do until you're doing it and by then it's too late. The damage is done. Rose looks at her mother with great fondness and warmth.
20) 44) dialog: So ... you think I need a lift?
20) 46) dialog: (smiles) Ah, no ... I'm just an old bag.
23) 21) dialog: Who is this?
23) 23) dialog: Rose moved out. Do you have any idea what the hell time it is?
23) 25) dialog: Are you nuts!? She hangs up. Gregory hangs up : finishes packing his bag cor To: INT. ROSE'S CLASSROOM ~ DAY. The room is full as Rose lectures.