3) 7) dialog: Oh-oh. curt TO: INT. BACK OFFICE OF ENDICOTT GALLERY - NIGHT. Gregory paces as Henry enters. Gregory perks up.
3) 9) dialog: No. She's waiting to say hello.
3) 11) dialog: Will you relax! There's almost a hundred people out there. What could happen?
3) 13) dialog: Well then I suggest you stay in here and I'll go out and say hello to her!
3) 17) dialog: I thought she was living in Paris? Why do you think she's here?
3) 19) dialog: Did you read her last collection? I love a woman with a dirty mind. Makes me hopeful I can marry one day. We hear a flush, some water running as Gregory talks.
3) 21) dialog: You know Katherine will invite her. She'd invite Mrs. Oswald to John John's wedding. Gregory exits having splashed water on his face, leaving sides of his hair still wet with strands sticking out ask He looks a bit deranged.
3) 23) dialog: Great. INT. ENDICOTT GALLERY ~ LATER. Gregory and Henry enter with the reception in full swing. There is no specific dialogue - just general conversation throughout the room.
3) 27) dialog: Poor kid - she's looks like a baby seal about to be ciubbed. They move through the crowd to the two women. Gregory's breathing gets short. Henry is enjoying this immensely. Innecent Katherine acts every bit the hostess.
3) 30) dialog: Hello. I'm Henry Fine. Jessie just smiles, not saying hello in return. HENRY (Cont'd) I've heard so much about you. And I've just finished your latest collection. Terrific stuff! I especially like the one about the two housewives who make love over a dishwasher. Quite a fantasy.
3) 32) dialog: Pity.
3) 40) dialog: Well - you're in the clear. But Gregory’s expression is still disturbed. He opens his palm to Henry to reveal A SMALL CARD which Jessica slippe as they shook hands. Henry reads: HOTEL MARK ROOM 2718. HENRY (Cont'd) Man - she's good. INT. RABBIT IN THE HAT ~ NIGHT. Rose and BARRY NEUFELD - a nerdy, bifocaled Wally Cox bio professor ~ are having dinner. Suddenly, Barry looks at R in surprise.
4) 36) dialog: I'm afraid Prof. Larkin isn't feeling well and all his classes are to be cancelled until further - The student are eagerly up and out of their seats before finishes. cut To: INT. ROSE AND HANNAH'S KITCHEN - NIGHT. Rose creates a beautifully designed platter of food for h and her mother. She moves to the dining room where she ha set a beautiful table, with china and crystal.
8) 1) dialog: Greg! Greg it's me! After another knock or two, the door is unlocked by a BELLHOP, with HENRY behind him. A light is turned on to reveal - Gregory sitting in a chair with a blanket wrapped around staring into space. It looks as if he's been crying. He i unshaven wreck. The room has been cleared of Jessie's thi
8) 3) dialog: Yep. cur To: 32. EXT. COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY - DAY. Gregory, disheveled, wearing the same clothes he's had fo days, walks with Henry with a mad look in his eyes and a dangerous, self-pitying demeanor.
8) 4) dialog: I have a couple of things to do, then I have to sit in on a class for a teacher evaluation and then I'm free. I'm not letting you out of my sight. We'll go home, change your clothes and get something to eat. All right?
8) 6) dialog: What does that mean?
8) 15) dialog: You are psychotic. I can't tell you how much I'm enjoying this. curt To: INT. ROSE'S CLASSROOM - DAY. 33. Gregory and Henry sit in the back of the classroom while gives an impassioned lecture to her spellbound students.
8) 24) dialog: Well, she talks a good line.
8) 26) dialog: Well, considering how she looks, I guess yeah ~ she's got a point. Gregory stops. Henry stops, surprised.
8) 28) dialog: That's my point.
8) 30) dialog: Look - you're coming off of Jessie again. You're not thinking straight. (more)
8) 36) dialog: With her!?
8) 38) dialog: Fine. But no matter what you want in a woman, you can't deny the fact that there has to be a physical attraction too.
8) 105) dialog: I really respect that. Gregory and Rose continue:
8) 110) dialog: You like those Calvin Klein ads - those guys in the underwear?
8) 112) dialog: I think they're disgusting. Rose can't help but over hear Henry's comments and stops Gregory to listen in.
8) 117) dialog: Well, artists have been honoring naked women through their canvases for centuries.
8) 119) dialog: All I'm saying is, everywhere you look there are these young guys with washboard stomachs, looking like Gods in some homo-erotic fantasy.
8) 121) dialog: I didn't mean to offend you or-
9) 0) text: Henry and Gregory.
9) 4) dialog: That and more. Too bad you can't take her brain and put it in Candy's body? Gregory is disturbed by Henry's remark.
15) 0) text: Gregory and Rose, both in suits, stand in front of a judg with witnesses Henry on one side and Doris on the other. Hannah is not present. As the judge speaks, Rose notices things around the office that don't exactly fit a romanti dream wedding; An old Mr. Coffee half full with dirty cof mugs and coffee grinds around a used filter... Dirty, gri windows looking out over gray office buildings with pigeo perched on them... The judges clerk, a bored black woman, eating her bag lunch and reading a Danielle Steele book. Rose looks to Gregory who faces the judge with an immobil expression. She then looks over to Doris, who offers a sympathetic smile - as if Doris understands. Rose smiles gratefully.... She turns, hoping she's making the right choice. cuT TO: INT. GREGORY (AND ROSE'S) BEDROOM ~ DAY. GREGORY'S BED HAS BEEN REPLACED BY TWO TWIN BEDS with bureaus. Rose unpacks her things into her bureau. She mov about the room with a tentativeness. She moves to Gregory bureau. She examines his things - a book, an extra pair o glasses, a cologne, a box of cufflinks and tie-pins - wit care and curiosity. These are her husband's things. The thought flashes across her mind. Gregory enters.
16) 0) text: Rose and Gregory walk hand in hand. Rose notices young gi noticing them and she likes it. They reach a place where must separate. For an awkward moment, they don't know how kiss each other. Finally they give each other a quick pec the cheek. Gregory exits. Rose looks frustrated. INT. GREGORY'S CLASS ~ DAY. In jeans and a sweater, Gregory continues his new, popula teaching style. INT. BEDROOM ~ NIGHT. Rose is reading in bed. Gregory is in the bathroom with t door half open. Rose can't heip but sneak a peak from the to the mirror inside the bathroom, where she sees Gregory stepping out of the shower. When he reaches for a towel, arm shuts the door - cutting off Rose's view. She returns her book. cur TO: EXT. MUSEUM MILE - DAY. Rose stops to buy flowers on the street with Henry's newe young BRUNETTE. Camera continues on to Henry and Gregory continue walking.
16) 2) dialog: Twenty-three. I met her at a Paul Bunyon Shadow seminar. She served the juice. I have to tell you - Having sex with someone that young, who hasn't experienced the same history as you is mind blowing. I'm buried inside her, thinking; She was born after Watergate. (more)
16) 4) text: a8. HENRY (cont'd) It never happened to her. These tits know nothing of presidential betrayal. And suddenly, I didn't either. It was the most utopian fuck I've ever had. (changing subject) So, how about you. Looks like it's going well.
16) 6) dialog: She looks different from the wedding day.
16) 8) dialog: No I mean that in a good way. Have you two... ?
18) 20) dialog: Have you tried making love?
18) 22) dialog: She's not Jess.
18) 24) dialog: Your publisher called me. He said he spoke to you about a lecture tour in London and Paris when your book gets released next month. Wanted to know if I would be amenable to replacing you for the rest of the semester.
18) 26) dialog: He said the offer came from their overseas counterpart Beaux Art Publishing. Isn't that one of the companies Jessie's new husband owns? Gregory doesn't answer. Obviously this secret has been influencing him. Henry begins with what seems like a non- sequitur: HENRY (Cont'd) Do you know that in the past two years I've been with ... eleven aifferent women, most of them half my age. Not one lasted longer than two months. Some didn't last the night. Not one of them had a sense of humor I understood. (more)
20) 7) dialog: Have you heard from yet?
20) 9) dialog: I don't think so. Knowing Greg as I do, he's too much of a gentleman. He'd probably call to ask for permission first. I know this may be hard to believe, but you mean a great deal to him.
20) 11) dialog: There are some men who have heen known to come to their senses about this sort of thing. .
20) 13) dialog: I think men are men because we don't have the guts to be women. You know why I sleep with girls? (more)
23) 34) dialog: Excuse me, are you Doris?
23) 39) dialog: I was wondering if you might have a number where I can reach Rose Larkin. It's an emergency.
23) 41) dialog: It's not for me, it's for her husband Gregory. He was afraid she might not want to speak to him so he wanted me to ask you. He's on his way home from Europe, you see.
23) 43) dialog: (impressed) Would you give your phone number to me if I promised to keep it for myself?
24) 0) text: Gregory is on the phone with Henry. INTERCUT THE TWO.
24) 2) dialog: Just get home! INT. PLANE ~- NIGHT. On a red-eye, Gregory tries to use the air~phone. He spea quickly, with great irritation.