0) 0) text: C.U. - RADIO/ALARM CLOCK. It reads 7:00 AM. The radio/ala goes off playing a BACH SONATA. Gregory's hand enters fro to shut it off. INT. ROSE MORGAN'S BEDROOM - MORNING. C.U. - RADIO/ALARM CLOCK. It reads 7:00 AM. The radio/ala clock goes off playing JANIS JOPLIN'S "PIECE OF MY HEART" Rose's hand enters from OS, to raise the volume.
0) 1) text: As Gregory and Rose prepare for their day, WE INTERCUT between the two, yet never revealing their faces. We hear ROSE MORGAN IN VOICE OVER as: - We see Gregory, after showering, methodically folding h towels then opening his medicine cabinet where we find perfectly ordered rows of products organized according to their category - a row of medicines, a row of colognes, a of shaving products.
0) 2) dialog: "He bathed in sacred preparation of the precious courtship to come ... ~ We see Rose's messy bathroom, with towels on the floor a cup of coffee balancing precariously on the sink. ROSE (Cont'd) “She anointed herself with holy, scented oil ..." Rose slaps on Baby Powder, choking from the dust. - We see Gregory tip-toeing through his bedroom so as not disturb a BLONDE WOMAN sleeping in his bed. He opens a bu drawer revealing perfectly arranged, color coded socks. ROSE (Cont'd) " ... For him there would be no other, for it had been written and ordered thus ..." ~ Rose stands with her back to camera, as she struggles t put on panty hose while the VO narrates: ROSE (Cont'd) ",.. That She, the Queen of Heaven, would look in sweet wonder upon only him..."
0) 4) text: - We see GREGORY LARKIN, dressed in a sports jacket and t washing his coffee cup before placing it in the dishwashe He exits the kitchen to the hall and checks himself in an antique mirror. He is a handsome man in his forties - rou wire rimmed glasses, thick wavy hair, well built. He exud control and order and intelligence. - We see an antique vanity. Camera opens on a drawer fill with un-opened beauty products and cosmetics as well as packages of donuts, cookies and candies. Rose's hand reac in and pauses. We don't know whether she is reaching for lipstick or an coffee cake. Finally, the hand grabs the coffee cake and closes the drawer. Camera follows her han she places the coffee cake into a tote bag filled with bo and notebooks. Camera angles on the double mirror atop th messy vanity to reveal ROSE MORGAN as she looks at hersel Slightly overweight by today's standards, she wears no ma up and a formless dress. Her mousy brown stringy hair han straight in a blunt cut so she can run her hands through when she talks excitedly. Rose is a funny, vibrant, intelligent woman in her forties, who clearly spends her passions on ideas instead of appearances - partly out of necessity. Beauty has never been a quality anyone attribu to Rose. As she sits gazing at her reflection, ‘wondering she should fix herself up any further, WE HEAR HER VOICE ROSE (Cont'd; V.0.) "For they had spoken the word ... And the word they had spoken was a word of desire ... " She waves her hand at her reflection in a carefree manner if to say, “Why bother?". She exits. cuT TO: EXT. COLUMBIA UNIVERSITY - DAY. A beautiful fall day. The beginning of the school year.
0) 5) dialog: "Before the open door he cried out - “Open thy heart My Lady, Open thy Heart' ... INT. ENGLISH & LITERATURE DEPT. - DAY. Classes are in session. The hallway is quiet. We pass classrooms with small signs on the windows ; THE
0) 10) dialog: "Tnanna appeared shining before him like the light of the moon ... " Our Camera reaches the classroom entitled "LOVE STORIES; STAR CROSSED LOVERS TO FATAL ATTRACTIONS " LT. 140.
1) 0) text: Camera pans the students who are captivated by Rose, read in front of the room.
1) 1) dialog: "Tnanna spoke: As for me, the young woman - Who will plow my high field ... Who will plow my wet ground ... Who will plow my holy vulva!" (comments) Isn't that great?! The students laugh. Camera pans to front of the the room. ROSE (Cont'd) “He replied, "Queen of Heaven, I, Dumuzi, will! ... Inanna commanded - “Then plow my vulva, man of my heart! The class laughs as we arrive on ROSE MORGAN - standing o desk, reading aloud from a book. Behind her hangs a map o Ancient Sumeria. ROSE (Cont'd) Wouldn't it be wonderful to say that to a man!? I have a dinner date tonight, maybe I'll work it into the conversation during dessert ... (play-acts) "tT was thinking that maybe after coffee you'd like to come home and plow my holy vulva." The class acts more like an audience at a comedy club. Ro is full of enthusiasm and love for her students.
1) 3) text: The class ROSE (Cont'd) It's not really a date though. He's not my type - but he's been asking me for months so I figured the only way to get rid of him was to actually go out with him. (big laughs) (continues reciting) "He shaped my loins with his fair hands..He filled my lap with cream and milk..." O000000... "He laid me down on the fragrant honey~bed" «+.Don't you love that?! ... "My honey~man sweetens me always ... He is the one my womb loves best ... Tongue playing, one by one ... My fair Dumuzi did so fifty times"... (closes book) FIFTY TIMES. You've got to love the guy! Inanna is considered by many to the first love story ever written - A Sumerian epic dated around 2000 B.C. And as you will see in many Goddess mythologies, our players will consist of an older female with a beautiful younger male whose sole purpose was to serve the divine womb! Now, looking over some of the more modern love mythologies ~ including recent film - I want a comparative essay examining how the male/female roles have shifted and I want the title of the essay to be - WHAT THE
2) 0) text: GREGORY LARKIN teaches a room full of students. He is extremely awkward and pedantic as a teacher. The atmosphe of this classroom is a stark contrast to Rose's.
2) 5) text: In the corner, it reads; JESSTE ARTHUR, POET/ESSAYIST for ILLUMINATION COSMETICS. A circular mirror on a cosmetic counter pivots down to re Rose ~ looking at herself, in comparison to one of the angelic beauties on display. Rose places her hair behind ears and smooths down her bangs ~ then gives up. The 0S V a SALESWOMAN from behind the counter pulls her attention.
2) 7) dialog: No. I'm just meeting someone here.
2) 9) dialog: No. Thank you.
2) 11) dialog: My skin's already seeing a therapist, thanks.
2) 13) dialog: Look - I'm meeting my sister here. She's the one shopping. I'm sure she'll buy everything you have. But you're wasting your time on me. I don't wear make-up.
2) 15) dialog: (jokes) It doesn't work. I still look like me only in color.
2) 17) text: ROSE (Cont'd) (calming her) It's.all right, really. I have a terrific personality.
2) 20) dialog: (impressed) He was screaming for you on the street? Wow! I've never seen a man actually do that. Except once, but he was also urinating. What was the fight about?
2) 22) dialog: That's kind of sweet.
2) 26) dialog: You're asking me?
2) 28) dialog: Back off? You're living together!
2) 30) dialog: (irritated) Then move out Claire! What do you want me to say? Jesus!
2) 39) dialog: That's not for me to say.
2) 41) dialog: Why is everybody asking me!? I feel like the Aunt in Gigi.
2) 43) dialog: Maybe you just need to relax your grip a little, buddy. Take things for granted a little bit more. I mean, you're living together - what more proof do you need?
3) 45) dialog: What? He reaches over and pulls an EGG from her ear. Dreading t Rose forces herself to be impressed. ROSE (Cont'd) Oh. Wow. I didn't know you were into magic.
3) 47) dialog: I bet.
3) 49) dialog: (sincerely) I'm really sorry about that Barry.
3) 51) dialog: Incredible. . Rose stares at him and fantasizes:
3) 58) dialog: Oh. No. Oh, there's the waiter! Can you pull the check out of his ear Barry - I really have to go home. Barry looks disappointed. cuT TO: INT. JESSICA'S HOTEL ROOM ~ NIGHT. There is a knock on the door. Jessica, wearing a see thro Victoria Secret outfit, opens the door to find Gregory standing helpless before her. She smiles.
3) 61) dialog: So? Pause. They've been through this before. Hannah shrugs an goes back to her reading. Rose exits. 18. INT. ROSE'S BEDROOM - NIGHT. Rose sits at her vanity gazing at her image:
3) 65) dialog: 
3) 68) dialog: 
4) 41) dialog: The perfect bite.
4) 43) dialog: Mom, I had three classes today. This is my only relax-
4) 48) dialog: No ... I'm sorry. (turns TV OFF) How was your day?
4) 50) dialog: (grabs remote) No, you're right. Let's talk. (turns TV OFF)
4) 52) dialog: I know. You're right. I'm sorry. She TURNS it OFF. Hannah reaches for the remote, but Rose pulls it away. ROSE (Cont'd) Mom. stop it! Leave it alone! Now talk to me! How was your day?
4) 57) dialog: (lying) Oh. Yeah. I thought you looked different. It looks great.
4) 59) dialog: (irritated) THIS is what you want to taik about? How can you say things like that? ~
4) 61) dialog: He didn't do anything to me. Don't start this. We were just friends. We're still friends.
4) 66) dialog: Yes I do. We're not exactly each other's type.
4) 70) dialog: About what?
4) 72) dialog: No. But I ... I wish I had known they were coming. I made plans to go to a movie with Doris tonight.
5) 0) text: Rose closes the door behind her, holding back her tears. crosses to her vanity and sits. Looking at herself in the mirror, she begins to cry. She dials the phone.
5) 1) dialog: Doris? Hi, it's me ... are you free tonight?
6) 11) dialog: Two more drinks when you have a chance. The waiter nods and exits. Doris begins to eat. Rose "prepares" her plate - methodically fixing dollops of may and dressing on her plate.
6) 13) dialog: Oh, I'll be fine. (eating) I gotta be honest with you though. I'm not looking forward to being maid of honor.
6) 15) dialog: Doesn't matter. He asked. He wants her. God, what was I thinking!? That all of a sudden, this veil would be lifted and he would want me instead of this gorgeous woman with no stomach whose ten years younger?
6) 20) dialog: I should have never had coffee with him that first time he asked. He was too good looking ~- I knew I couldn't handle it. Never again. I mean, you've got to come to terms with your life or else what's the point? I'll never be a beauty. I'll never have some gorgeous guy in love with ne, screaming my name in the streets. I'll never have one of those crazy, passionate, all- consuming, fucking for hours in some sweaty motel room by the side of a highway love affairs.
6) 22) dialog: What's depressing, is to realize I'm as bad as everyone else. I mean, what's wrong with Barry Neufeld?
6) 24) dialog: Why should that matter - I'm no great prize.
6) 26) dialog: I mean what the hell is love anyway? What does it even mean today?
6) 28) dialog: Yeah right. Those who can't do, teach.
6) 33) dialog: Oh, it's all right. I hate the way I sound. Why should this bother me? I have a good life. I contribute.
6) 35) dialog: fhe thing is - I want so little. I'm not asking for diamond rings and a house full of kids ... I just want someone - who knows me. They way people in love know each other - isn't that stupid? Their favorite toothpaste, their nightmares, their secrets. That's what cures loneliness. When somebody else is out there who knows who you are ~ and whose thinking about you. And who wants you.
6) 37) dialog: No. Living alone sounds very Holly Golightly in theory but the truth is you come home to an empty apartment every night. I'm not pretty enough to live alone. I'd turn into a cat lady who flirts with delivery boys.
6) 42) dialog: It looks better on her.
8) 16) dialog: «+. I believe it's our addictions to illusions like perfect sex and true love that are actually keeping people today separate and alone. "Falling in love" is a man-made conceit. Before the Industrial Revolution - before men left the home for business and women became the leisure class - before sex and beauty were used as marketing tools for the propagation of the species - She refers to daguerreotypes and tintypes depicting image women as objects of beauty. ROSE (Cont'd) What drew men and women together? I can tell you one thing - it must have been a lot more real than what's drawing them today. A fifty percent aivorce rate among married couples - more single parents than you can count. Which is fine - but why? Because people want children and not relationships. Relationships are too hard. Why? Because we are asked to meet ridiculous, romantic standards! Gregory is mesmerized. ROSE (Cont'd) Do you know how many lonely people there are waiting for this perfect, romantic love - this illusion when actually their perfect mate might be right in front of them only they can't recognize it. (more)
8) 42) dialog: 
8) 48) dialog: Oh yeah. Did he pass me?
8) 50) dialog: Uh, well, no, sorry. I'm actually scheduled for something now ... soon,
8) 52) dialog: Thank you. Gregory exits. Rose immediately rises and crosses calmly to her water cooler. She gets some cold water in a small paper cup and quite matter-of-factly, THROWS THE WATER IN OWN FACE. ROSE (Cont'd) That was close. 38. INT. ROSE'S BEDROOM ~ NIGHT. Rose opens the bottom drawer of her vanity and reveals HE ASSORTMENT OF CUPCAKES AND SWEETS. She extracts a package cupcakes, then. moves to a CD PLAYER raises the volume. W hear THE BAND'S "IT MAKES NO DIFFERENCE". She raises an already lit JOINT to her mouth and inhales. As she sings along, getting stoned, we get a glimpse into a younger Rose - a sixties hopeful with a great joy and thirst for life, before any expectations vanished. She then inhales bit too much, and must use every effort not to cough out loud - banging her hands against the furniture, her eyes tearing. She makes sure to exhale out an opened window. S takes a deep breath, then douses out the joint on the sil She takes her cupcake to her bed and makes a tray out of art book. Laying down, she serves herself the cupcake, listening to the music and watching the ballgame on a TV no sound opposite the bed. She comments to herself -
8) 53) dialog: Life is good! She takes a bite of her cupcake and watches the game and listens to The Band. All of a sudden she freezes ~- as if thought had crossed her mind and got stuck there. We can by her expression, that she isn't really watching the gam listening to the music or even consciously chewing. She's thinking about Gregory. But then she decides. ROSE (Cont'd) No. I was right to say no. That was a good move. Have lunch with a guy like that, next thing you know I'm cooking for him and holding his hand when he has problems and fantasizing about raping him in a restaurant. Never again. The end. End of story! THE PHONE RINGS. Stoned, she stares at it for a moment or two, fascinated by the ringing. Until - -
8) 55) dialog: Hello?
8) 61) dialog: (to herself) That. was weird!
8) 63) dialog: Nothing. I was just ~- nothing.
8) 65) dialog: Whose this Gregory Larkin guy?
8) 67) dialog: He's published? ... Are you free for lunch? cur TO: INT. BURGER PALACE =~ DAY. Rose and Doris listen to Gregory explain his book as they wait for their lunch.
8) 72) dialog: I'm holding on.
8) 75) dialog: So four would be the result of the relationship - the product produced by the sun.
8) 77) dialog: No. I almost bought it though. I held it in my hands in the bookstore for a good ten minutes. GREGORY. That's all right, I'll send you a copy ... but getting back to the three for a minute, what you might find interesting for what you teach is the importance of the relationship. See, without the three, relationship - a number, or a person, is just ...
8) 78) dialog: Spinning it's own gears.
8) 80) dialog: I know. First time I had lunch with a guy where I feel like I'm winning on a game show. Gregory suddenly feels insecure.
8) 87) dialog: What are we in fifth grade? He likes me! He likes my brain.
8) 89) dialog: No pepper for me. But could you get me a little side dish of extra dressing.
8) 92) dialog: What was it you wanted to discuss about my teaching?
8) 98) dialog: Oh ... Greg, I'm sorry. I didn't Sleep well~ ...
8) 100) dialog: ».. I just think you have to relate what you teach them in a way that touches their lives a bit more directly. Let them get to know you.
8) 106) dialog: You need to loosen up a little. Don't wear a jacket and tie. Joke around. Find the humor in it.
8) 108) dialog: Well - if numbers represent some metaphysical meaning in the Universe uh ... there's got to be a joke in there somewhere. I mean, metaphysics, the universe - it's hilarious.
8) 116) dialog: why?
8) 118) dialog: Gee, the last time I looked the David had a dick. Things are getting heated. Gregory is loving it.
8) 122) dialog: I'm not offended. I just think times are changing. In some tribes - like the Wodaabes, it's the men who spend hours in make-up sessions and are judged in beauty contests by the women. And they're a much older society than ours - maybe we're just catching up. Men as objects of female lust is quite natural and if women are going to make themselves sick and surgically alter themselves to stay in the running, you men are going to have skip the extra beer and tighten your butts too.
8) 127) dialog: Yes.
8) 129) dialog: We're not together. We're just associates. How long have you been seeing Henry?
8) 131) dialog: Really?
10) 2) dialog: Doesn't that bother you?
10) 4) dialog: Why?
10) 6) dialog: Can I ask you a question? If you could switch places with me, would you? Candy stops applying lipstick. She feels uncomfortable by question. Her answer is obviously no. ROSE (Cont'd) See, that's the difference.
10) 9) dialog: The perfect bite. He leans over to her.
10) 13) dialog: Around the 12th Century they had a thing called Courtly Love - and it was a love usually between a knight and a lady he idolized, worshipped...But the rules were they could never have sex, never be married and yet they must always keep their passion for each other alive...It was as if they took this baser human love and through their restrictions squeezed everything out it that was thought to be impure or temporary. It was thought to be one of the highest expressions of love. As opposed to the more human, everyday, going-to-the-bathroom-in- front-of-each-other kind of love. Gregory is inspired. INT. BERGDORF'S ~- DAY. Rose is cautiously looking through some evening wear. All finds are finds one skimpy cocktail dresses and low-cut gowns. She black sequined high neck number, but it has no back. A SALESLADY approaches.
10) 15) dialog: Oh no. I'd look like a neon sign. I have this formal tonight and of course I waited until the last minute ...
10) 17) dialog: Something comfortable, big, loose, dark ~ actually, I should be in the linen department buying a comforter.
10) 19) text: ag. INT. BERGDORF'S COSMETICS DEPT. - DAY. Rose walks through, carrying a dress box. She passes by w getting make-overs. She's dying to try. cUuT TO: INT. ROSE'S BEDROOM ~ EARLY EVENING. Rose sits at her vanity with her back to us. She is weari a simple, black evening dress - loose, formless. WE DO NO SEE HER FACE.
10) 21) dialog: What do you think?
10) 23) dialog: I'm wearing so much, I'm afraid it'll break. How do I look?
10) 25) dialog: Well according to this cosmetics expert I have a myriad of problems - my eyes are set too close together, my nose is crooked, my chin is chubby and my skin is confused. Should I take it off?
10) 30) dialog: What? Hannah picks up a brush and and pins and spray, and begin style.
10) 32) dialog: I'm not doing it for him. It's a formal.
10) 34) dialog: Stop calling him "this one". Sounds like you're picking out a lobster. We're just friends. I haven't been "seeing him". DON'T TOUCH MY FACE! I'm just helping him with his teaching. It's not a date or anything.
10) 36) dialog: (hopefully) I just wanted to... (stops, realizing) I guess it doesn't matter.
10) 38) dialog: Nothing's going to happen!
10) 43) dialog: How did we get from my date to the origin of syphilis?
10) 45) dialog: Mom ... when I was born, did you think I was pretty?
10) 47) dialog: But you must have thought something about how I looked. Did you think I was a pretty baby?
10) 49) dialog: I think that's an awful thing to say.
10) 54) dialog: Everytime you say that I always wonder what we're playing. INT. CAB ~ NIGHT; A FEW MINUTES LATER. In the backseat, Kose is thrown back and ferth.
10) 55) dialog: There's no rush. But the driver doesn't hear. Both the windows on both the rear doors are down, causing a tremendous wind tunnel tha tearing apart her hairdo. She tries to shut them, but can ROSE (Cont'd) What's wrong with the windows?
10) 57) dialog: Hi..I'm sorry.. Gregory is unphased by her appearance.
10) 62) dialog: Yes...I..no, I mean... my hair..I must look like I've been attacked by wolves. But Gregory neither compliments nor consoles her about he looks. Rose suddenly feels very silly.
10) 65) dialog: Ugh..the food is awful.
10) 70) dialog: What's happening over there?
10) 72) dialog: I bet they have better food.
10) 75) dialog: You're sort of a scientist. I'm going to show you an example of chain reaction. Come on! She grabs his hand and walks quickly toward the curbs. EXT. CURBSIDE - NIGHT. Rose leads Gregory towards a limousine that is parked, ha already deposited its celebrity. Gregory is worried.
10) 80) dialog: I saw this guy on cable talking about all the ways he sneaks into parties. I always wanted to try it. I mean what's the worse that could happen - they throw us out and we're humiliated? I spent a lot of money on this dress and I'm not taking it off yet! You got a twenty? Gregory searches for a bill. EXT. NEW YORK STATE THEATRE - NIGHT. Celebrities exit a limo and are immediately photographed every angle by the photographers as they walk along the r carpet and are swept into the theatre. Another limo drives up and out of it exit ROSE AND GREGOR Gregory is clearly nervous. They move down the red carpet For a few steps nothing happens. Gregory almost panics. U suddenly, the two photographers Rose paid off start click the cameras furiously at them. Like a chain reaction, ALL THE OTHER PHOTOGRAPHERS start clicking their cameras. Rose's plan worked. Rose begins t enjoy her momentary celebrity, playing it for all it's wo Gregory is amazed as they reach the door and are quickly swept inside by the doorman. INT. NY STATE THEATRE ~ NIGHT. Rose is busy at the buffet table. Gregory is stunned and exhilarated!
10) 81) dialog: I was right. The food is better.
10) 83) dialog: Shhhh ... Cool. Keep it cool.
10) 88) dialog: Still in a crowd though. Would you like to find a quiet spot? INT. STAIRCASE: NY STATE THEATRE - NIGHT. Rose waits patiently with a white wine. Gregory appears w several dishes of hor d'oeurves.
10) 89) dialog: Here he is ~ my hunter gatherer.
10) 91) dialog: Fine. Fine. Sit down, Placing the dishes on the stairs, Rose begins to prepare bite for herself - redoing two hor d'oeurves by replacing \ bits of one with another. Gregory watches intently. ROSE (Cont'd) The lettuce is always wilted on these things and I can't stand cucumber
10) 95) text: ' Here ... have this one. h She pops it into his mouth. Gregory is unphased by the intimacy of the gesture. Rose smiles. He stares at her. R giggles self-consciously. ROSE (Cont'd) What?
10) 101) dialog: And all those layers of clothing they've have to get through to even make a move. So erotic. Gregory laughs. Rose smiles.
10) 103) dialog: (protective) What are we doing here?
10) 105) dialog: As what? A friend? An experiment?
10) 110) dialog: Yes. This isn't the turn of the century. Look, you're a real nice guy but I've just ... come out of something that - ...
10) 112) dialog: Well then we should definitely not go any further.
10) 114) dialog: But ...
10) 116) dialog: But they had passion for each. They just sacrificed it.
10) 121) dialog: I want to hear about this woman. Is she dead?
10) 123) dialog: Oh ... that could be a problem. cuT TO: INT. GREGORY'S CLASS - DAY. Rose sits in the back as Gregory tries to relate their adventure to the students in his usual pedantic manner. H has, however, taken off his jacket and tie.
10) 128) dialog: Your first what?
10) 130) dialog: I thought you said you met her when- you were 24. (more)
10) 132) text: They both 61. ROSE (cont'd) (Gregory nods) You mean you had never ... until you
10) 135) dialog: Wow. (Greg laughs} What?
10) 137) dialog: (embarrassed to say) Well - it was sixties. Sex was just something you did with someone after you had a great conversation with them. Twenty~four? sip their beers, as Rose adds; ROSE (Cont'd) But - you must have had women all over you - you're a great looking guy. I hope that doesn't make you uncomfortable.
10) 139) dialog: Well, she was also beautiful. Ugly and dangerous I find it easier to resist. Greg laughs. Rose sips her beer, slightly disappointed.
11) 0) text: Camera pans stadium crowd, until we find Gregory and Rose deep conversation- oblivious to their surroundings.
11) 1) dialog: --. Anyway, Alex was taking some night classes and we got friendly. It's so stupid. We used to sit in coffee and share cigarettes. Talk. I guess I built this whole fantasy of him on those little things. Like sharing cigarettes. It seemed like such an intimate thing to do at the time. And I don't even smoke. I thought he was going to be my romance. Then he met my sister and ...
11) 4) dialog: (stands)
11) 8) dialog: I don't know. My father loved it. We had season tickets. Someone gets a hit and a run is scored.
11) 13) dialog: (lying) | Well, actually it's about averages. I mean that's what makes it exciting.
11) 15) dialog: Yeah, see that scoreboard. Everytime a player comes up they flash that three digit number. Well that's the players average ~ how many times he hit the ball in ratio to how many. times he stood up at bat. You're dealing with several pitches coming per time at bat ...And what a man can do with these several pitches is actually about pitting the man and his skill against his average. It's man versus the numbers because if he can't maintain or surpass his average, his contract gets cancelled or he gets traded which is tantamount to public humiliation... Intrigued, Gregory pulls out a pad and pencil.
11) 24) dialog: Great?
11) 29) dialog: 
11) 37) dialog: Yes. I have tits. The class cracks up and the ice is broken. cut TO:
11) 39) dialog: EVEN A SLIMMER APPEARANCE. She grows subtlely more attrac before our eyes as Gregory grows more relaxed and boyish. EXT. BALL PARK - DAY. Rose teaches Gregory how to swing a bat correctly.
12) 0) text: Rose whips up a gourmet meal with great joy as Gregory watches like a eager apprentice.
13) 0) text: Rose wears another colorful, revealing outfit as she whip her class into a frenzy. 67. INT. GREGORY (AND ROSE'S) APARTMENT ~ NIGHT. Gregory passionately explains some diagrams on his comput as Rose listens attentively. We can tell he is loving the of sharing his life. And Rose is surrendering. INT. MET OPERA - NIGHT. Gregory and Rose listen to TRISTAN UND ISOLDE, as they sh his sound wave hand computer. Rose decides to take the computer away and force Gregory to close his eyes and jus listen.
13) 4) dialog: (nods) About twenty years. You look great. Gregory enters and hands Rose some wine. He coughs from t perfume. Rose put on a bit too much. ROSE (Cont'd) Did I put on too much?
13) 9) dialog: I'll go shower.
13) 11) dialog: Getting dressed. You'll know when she enters the room ~ there'll be a musical cue. Want to open this for me?
13) 13) dialog: See, I told you.
13) 17) dialog: My fault! Dinner's ready.
13) 22) dialog: I hope you like it - it's a Viennese dish. My father was haif-Viennese.
13) 24) dialog: (laughs) No.
13) 32) dialog: What?! Mother and daughter's irritation builds. Gregory hands Ro the bread.
13) 38) dialog: Mother!
13) 41) dialog: You had no right to say that!
13) 43) dialog: Oh please!
13) 45) dialog: We are not getting married. And he likes the way I eat!
13) 48) text: Rose breaks a plate on purpose. Hannah is shocked into silence.
13) 49) dialog: Don't you dare say what you're about to say to me. Rose is so threatening in her tone, Hannah retreats and exits. Rose is shaken, but pulls herself together. cuT TO: INT. ART GALLERY ~ DAY. A sign tells us it is an exhibition of a modern Hungarian painter from the forties and fifties. Gregory leads Rose the hand - Rose is wearing a multi-colored sundress with revealing neckline and a wild picture hat.
13) 50) dialog: What? What are we seeing?
13) 52) dialog: My God. She's beautiful.
13) 54) dialog: Wow. Is she ... still alive?
13) 60) dialog: Alex. Hi. Uh, this is Gregory Larkin. They shake hands, Gregory meeting Rose's secret love for first time.
13) 65) dialog: Yes, We were just wondering who the artist was. Gregory is grateful for Rose not revealing his secret. Ro feels awful for reacting as she did in Alex's presence.
14) 1) dialog: Greg it's me ... Listen, I have to go with Claire to the church so you have two choices ... Camera pans to magazine cover which reads: POETESS WEDDIN GREEK BANKING KING. A photo of JESSICA in a wedding dress poised beside an older but dignified looking Greek gentle ROSE (Cont'd) You can either go with my mother, which would qualify you for sainthood, or just meet us at the church. Either way is fine. Give me a call. Bye. Gregory sits despondently. His heart sinks. curT TO: INT. ROSE'S BEDROOM ~ DAY. It is the day of Claire's wedding. Rose sits at her vanit wearing her maid of honor dress, trying to figure out som way she can look prettier.
14) 5) dialog: Hello?
14) 10) dialog: Hi. I haven't heard from you in a couple of days. Everything all right?
14) 12) dialog: Do you have a temperature?
14) 14) dialog: Well you should stay home ... get in bed.
14) 16) dialog: (disappointed) It's OK. Really. Take care of yourself. I'll call you tomorrow. OK?
14) 19) dialog: I don't know where she is.
14) 21) dialog: Claire - you can't have someone committed for excessive vanity.
14) 40) dialog: Everyone looks to the back of the church. GREGORY HAS . ARRIVED. He runs down the aisle, pushing Claire aside, ho over the altar and grabs Rose in his arms much to the sho of Alex, the priest, Hanmah and the entire congregation. KISS.
14) 43) dialog: (rises, taking his arm off her) Uh no..I'1l find her for you.
14) 48) dialog: {not believing him) Thanks.
14) 50) dialog: I heard you. Why don't you go have some coffee. I'1l find Claire. Rose exits; Alex turns to Hannah to explain;
14) 58) dialog: Mother thought I needed something growing up. It was either piano or a nose job. What are you doing here?
14) 60) dialog: I know. It was Jessie ... I read about it. You don't have to do this. You certainly didn't have to dress up to do this.
14) 62) dialog: Fine. Like I said, I don't have to fantasize anymore. (adds) About anyone.
14) 64) dialog: Gregory, I think we should stop seeing each -
14) 66) dialog: What are you saying?
14) 70) dialog: (pause, then:) I know this is going to sound really stupid but ... all I keep thinking of is - how can I marry someone I've never even kissed? Bl. Gregory considers this then, very slowly, carefully, sits down beside Rose and gently kisses her-
14) 75) dialog: Just one question. This is really happening, isn't it? cuT TO: INT. ROSE & HANNAH'S APARTMENT ~ NIGHT. Rose sits at her vanity, still in her bridesmaid gown. Ro enters, already dressed for bed.
14) 77) dialog: Gregory proposed to me.
14) 80) dialog: A man proposed to me. Do you want a valium!?
14) 82) dialog: I haven't.
14) 84) dialog: Yes. He wants me. He wants ME! Maybe not the way you and Claire were wanted but wanted just the same.
14) 86) dialog: Well then it won't be much different from living here.
14) 88) text: Hannah is 83. insulted further. Rose talks more intimately; ROSE (Cont'd) Look, I admit it isn't your average marriage proposal but - (vulnerably) Nothing else is coming, we both know that - this may be it for me. He says he loves me in his way. Maybe that's all I can have.
14) 90) dialog: No I ...
14) 92) dialog: Poor daddy.
14) 97) dialog: You'll say anything to keep me here, won't you? Youtre scared to death of being alone and your jealous ~ jealous of someone finding something in me worth wanting! You know you can't compete with Claire but me! A man wanting me! How ridiculous! Well ya know something mother - a man does! So you can just eat your fucking heart out! ¢she rises) Do you honestly believe that by keeping me this spinster daughter, your beauty lasts any longer? You're getting old mom. And there's nothing that I can do about it. Hannah is stung by the truth of Rose's words as Rose exit
15) 0) text: Gregory and Rose, both in suits, stand in front of a judg with witnesses Henry on one side and Doris on the other. Hannah is not present. As the judge speaks, Rose notices things around the office that don't exactly fit a romanti dream wedding; An old Mr. Coffee half full with dirty cof mugs and coffee grinds around a used filter... Dirty, gri windows looking out over gray office buildings with pigeo perched on them... The judges clerk, a bored black woman, eating her bag lunch and reading a Danielle Steele book. Rose looks to Gregory who faces the judge with an immobil expression. She then looks over to Doris, who offers a sympathetic smile - as if Doris understands. Rose smiles gratefully.... She turns, hoping she's making the right choice. cuT TO: INT. GREGORY (AND ROSE'S) BEDROOM ~ DAY. GREGORY'S BED HAS BEEN REPLACED BY TWO TWIN BEDS with bureaus. Rose unpacks her things into her bureau. She mov about the room with a tentativeness. She moves to Gregory bureau. She examines his things - a book, an extra pair o glasses, a cologne, a box of cufflinks and tie-pins - wit care and curiosity. These are her husband's things. The thought flashes across her mind. Gregory enters.
15) 4) dialog: Yes. I'm finished. All unpacked. A wedding night nervousness pervades.
15) 6) dialog: (casually) Go to bed ... (quickly) To sleep. To sleep in bed. Go to bed to sleep.
15) 8) dialog: My first class is at ten.
15) 10) dialog: Great. Yes. Thanks. She takes her robe and things and exits into bathroom. Gregory takes a breath and begins to undress. He takes of his tie and methodically folds it onto a tie rack where o ties lay in prefect order. He undoes his shirt, puts it o hanger and buttons it up again fastidiously.
15) 15) dialog: (tongue-tied) The uh...the...uh... {can't remember) Hahaha...um....
15) 17) dialog: OK ... Yeah ... Yes. Washcloths!
16) 0) text: Rose and Gregory walk hand in hand. Rose notices young gi noticing them and she likes it. They reach a place where must separate. For an awkward moment, they don't know how kiss each other. Finally they give each other a quick pec the cheek. Gregory exits. Rose looks frustrated. INT. GREGORY'S CLASS ~ DAY. In jeans and a sweater, Gregory continues his new, popula teaching style. INT. BEDROOM ~ NIGHT. Rose is reading in bed. Gregory is in the bathroom with t door half open. Rose can't heip but sneak a peak from the to the mirror inside the bathroom, where she sees Gregory stepping out of the shower. When he reaches for a towel, arm shuts the door - cutting off Rose's view. She returns her book. cur TO: EXT. MUSEUM MILE - DAY. Rose stops to buy flowers on the street with Henry's newe young BRUNETTE. Camera continues on to Henry and Gregory continue walking.
16) 10) dialog: How many times?
16) 16) dialog: (asks boldly) Oh. Do you like it?
16) 18) dialog: (disappointed, she covers;) Oh, new season. New clothes. An awkward moment of silence. As they approach the entran to Carnegie Hall, an 0.S. VOICE CALLS:
16) 20) dialog: Barry! HI...
16) 22) dialog: HI...This is..Gregory Larkin
16) 24) dialog: You look great Barry.
16) 26) dialog: Marriage!? Congratulations!
16) 32) dialog: I'm really happy for you.
16) 40) dialog: (stops) oh! Sorry! Was that too hard?
16) 42) dialog: Well, when you gotta floss, you gotta floss. He exits into the bathroom. Rose sits on the floor frustrated. We hear a crash in the bathroom. Gregory exit holding an old cup of coffee.
16) 44) dialog: Sure. Sorry.
17) 0) text: Rose is cooking as she listens to DYLAN'S "STUCK INSIDE A MOBILE WITH THOSE MEMPHIS BLUES AGAIN" blasting on the li room stereo. Gregory enters and yells over the music.
17) 2) dialog: Hi. There is a coolness between then. Before he turns off
17) 4) dialog: Gregory - you don't like Dylan. You want to put on opera put it on.
17) 6) dialog: Gregory, put the damn opera on!
17) 8) dialog: What's the difference as long as it's someone singing about death and suicide.
17) 10) dialog: Gregory! That was not an invitation to an opera lesson OK.
17) 15) dialog: Look! You don't like Dylan, just say so - don't act like it's just a suggestion you're making and then turn it around so suddenly it's ME who chooses what fucking opera what we hear!
17) 17) dialog: Because I feel like it! Don't you ever shout or lose control or feel angry for no apparent good reason!?
17) 19) dialog: No, it's just human.
17) 21) dialog: 
18) 4) dialog: 
18) 10) dialog: Doris - we never make love! He never tells me I look pretty. He never ... looks at me like that.
18) 12) dialog: Please - if I looked at him with any more desire, I'd set him on fire.
18) 15) dialog: Who's Ray?
18) 31) dialog: Oh well ... we don't have to watch.
18) 33) dialog: I bought that wine Henry recommended.
18) 38) dialog: No it's white - you said only red does that.
18) 40) dialog: (acting surprised) Oh OK. Rose walks around to the other side of Gregory's bed and down next to him, leaning up against a pillow. They both immediately uncomfortable though pretending they don't. T sip in silence, each body rigid and detached from the oth They both have their eyes on the game but neither is watching. Rose decides to make her move. She sets her gla on the nightstand then scoots herself up higher on the pillow. Gregory keeps his eyes straight ahead. ROSE (Cont'd) That wine made me warn.
18) 42) dialog: No, it's OK Pause. They return to the TV. Rose musters all her courag and begins to unravel the tie that keeps her nightgown fastened. She nervously loosens it enough to open the fro revealing her cleavage and the outline of her breasts.
18) 46) dialog: I'm sorry. No..My fault..Sorry. Pause. Gregory faces her and asks apprehensively yet blun
18) 48) dialog: Don't say it.
18) 50) dialog: (acting surprised) Oh ... all right. Then stiffly turn away from each other and begin to disro Then, each slips beneath the covers and lay next to each other, looking up at the ceiling. Both are clearly nervou and apprehensive. They turn on their sides to face each other. The lovemaking that follows is precisely choreogra in beats; . - - They begin with passionless, mechanical kisses. Neither touching the other. Their feelings in check. ~- Rose begins to feel something first. She plants a kiss Gregory that lingers a bit longer. Gregory keeps his eyes open as Rose begins to lose herself a little. - Gregory feels it is his move and he chooses to stroke h hair and face. Rose receives this with some self~- consciousness.
18) 55) dialog: Please. I just want to go to sleep.
18) 60) dialog: (into her pillow) I can't tell you how tired I am of being good for people. Gregory doesn't know what to say. Rose pulls herself toge ROSE (Cont'd) I... I really don't want to talk right now OK? Let's talk tomorrow. I ++. I just want to go to sleep. Rose turns into her bed. Gregory shuts off the light.
19) 0) text: Gregory, dressed for school, sits as Rose pours his coffe She sits opposite him - calmly and collected.
19) 1) dialog: I think it would be a good idea if we had some time apart for a while. Don't you agree?
19) 3) dialog: I think it would be a good thing.
19) 5) dialog: Where?
19) 7) dialog: Will you see her, do you think?
19) 12) dialog: Wrong answer. Well, anyway, I don't think I want to wait the month. I think I'll move back with my mother for a while. Then when you get back from Europe, we'll ... we'll see what we feel, OK? Gregory nods. He reaches for her hand but Rose moves away with the excuse: : ROSE (Cont'd) I have to get the toast. She exits into the kitchen. Gregory feels awful. cuT TO: INT. ROSE'S OLD BEDROOM - NIGHT. Rose enters and shuts the door slowly. She takes in the r for a moment, then removes her coat. She sits down at her vanity. She looks at herself in the mirror, coldly. HANNAH enters, in a silk robe and stands in the doorway. looks old. As if since Rose's departure, her own age has suddenly advanced itself. She says coldly.
19) 14) dialog: When I was a little girl you used to tell me to sleep with my index finger pushing my nose up, so it wouldn't droop.
19) 19) dialog: Yes you did. It's funny what mothers forget and what daughters remember. You even suggested I scotch tape my nose up so I'd be more comfortable. You told me if I was fat, no one would ever look at me and smile. And the funny thing is, I would have never known I wasn't beautiful if it wasn't for those things. All those hours I. wasted wishing I looked like someone else. All that time.
19) 21) dialog: Mom?
19) 23) dialog: How did it feel?
19) 25) dialog: Being beautiful?
19) 27) dialog: (sincerely) No I mean it. Having people look at you with such ... recognition? Looking at yourself with such _ appreciation ... How did it feel? Hannah seriously considers this and says, with genuine feeling - bordering on longing;
20) 0) text: The doctor sits an a computer terminal imputing informati as Rose sits beside him. The terminal has a facsimile of Rose, with the doctor making additions or subtractions as they speak.
20) 2) dialog: Wow. I look like Bambi. cut TO: INT. FRENCH HOTEL LOBBY - DAY. Gregory is registering at the hotel. A CLERK brings him a SEALED LETTER with his name on it.
20) 8) dialog: No. I'm sure they're together.
20) 10) dialog: A great deal. That's what I am.
20) 12) dialog: Name one? (Henry can't) You men have it made. Love is the ultimate unequal opportunity. You guys hire and fire with complete discrimination. I hate love. It makes you lose your sense of irony. It wouldn't be as hard having a man leave you if he didn't take your sense of humor with hin.
20) 17) dialog: Fuck you. Henry shrugs in agreement and they continue walking. cur TO: EXT. LES DEUX MAGOT - DAY. On the Place Saint-Germain-de-Pres, Gregory sits at a lar corner outdoor cafe, DEUX MAGOT. He sits expectantly. A WHITE LIMOUSINE drives up to the curb. A uniformed driver gets out and opens the door. Gregory's heart stops. JESSIE, wearing a beautiful white suit with pearls, looks every inch the wife of a millionaire. She is stunning. Gregory can hardly move. She crosses to his table and sta before hin.
20) 24) dialog: About what?
20) 26) dialog: Why?
20) 28) dialog: Why can't I do all that without surgery?
20) 32) dialog: God, she was so pretty.
20) 34) dialog: Me? I never saw this picture.
20) 36) dialog: (softly, vulnerably) IT was pretty?
20) 41) dialog: Stop it. Daddy idolized you.
20) 43) dialog: Don't flatter yourself Mom. T'm not that damaged. Hannah sneaks a smile, then;
20) 45) dialog: (sincerely) No mom ... You're still a very beautiful woman.
20) 51) dialog: He left a message when he left London. He hasn't since he's been in Paris. It's been about two weeks. He's supposed to come home end of next.
20) 53) dialog: Nah, Doris. Good news is good news. I mean, why settle , right? (Doris smiles) I was thinking - how would you feel about a roommate? Just until I can get my own place. Doris stops. She notices the change in Rose and smiles proudly. cUuUT TO: INT. PARISIAN RESTAURANT - NIGHT. An anxious Jessie sits opposite an anxious Gregory.
21) 0) text: Gregory answers the phone. INTERCUT ROSE.
21) 2) dialog: Hi. It's me.
21) 4) dialog: Good. Busy. You?
21) 6) dialog: MMmm.
21) 8) dialog: No. I think you're right.
21) 10) dialog: You've seen her, haven't you?
21) 13) dialog: Look, Greg ... I do not regret a single moment that we have had together. But I ... I think it was ... a beautiful experiment ... that failed. And I think we both deserve to ... find what we really want. T don't be safe for you anymore. If Jessie's who you need, they fight for her Gregory. Gregory feels overwhelmingly sad. ROSE (Cont'd) That's what I'd want. I'd want someone to scream my name and throw everything away for me and lose his mind and not have to be "perfectly willing to try". I want to be beautiful to someone. Nothing less than beautiful.
21) 15) dialog: Goodbye Greg. Rose hangs up. She couldn't bear hearing that. Doris ente and wraps her arms around her friend.
22) 0) text: Rose and Doris are curled up on the couch in front of the
22) 9) dialog: All right calm down Alex. Where is Claire?
22) 11) dialog: (stunned) Oh Alex. I'm so sorry.
22) 14) text: Rose shake: up to her. Surprised,
23) 0) text: Rose helps Alex into his apartment, turning on the lights
23) 1) dialog: Here we are. You feeling better?
23) 3) dialog: Well, just get into bed and you'll-
23) 8) dialog: You're drunk.
23) 10) dialog: I'm thrilled for you but that doesn't exactly put me in the mood to sleep with you.
23) 12) dialog: What?
23) 14) dialog: Look, this is all very nice. Honestly. But I won't do this. Not like this. You've been through a lot and I understand. I suggest you take a couple of days. Pull yourself together. If you still feel like you want to .. do this, then you call me. fake me out for a nice dinner - and then we'll see. Otherwise forget it. Understand?!
23) 19) dialog: Really?
23) 28) dialog: What are Goddesses? Like Innana, they can be Queens of Heaven ~ holy, sacred - but even she had to descend into the underworld to become complete. After confronting her sister Erishkegal, Queen of the Underworld, Innana acquired "Erishkegal's eyes" ~ the ability to see with a ruthlessness for truth all that a woman is - loving, jealous, timid, ambitious, beautiful and horrifying - and rid herself of the fantasies of heaven to live authentically and freely. At that moment, Doris enters with a gigantic arrangement flowers. Everyone is impressed. Doris places them on the desk. ROSE (Cont'd) Who died? (laughter) She reads the card from Alex - "I'M FINDING IT DIFFICULT WAIT THE TWO DAYS - ALEX". Rose smiles. cut To: INT. PARIS AIRPORT ~- AFTERNOON. Gregory argues in french with a TICKET MAN. Finally, like madman, Gregory grabs him over the counter -
24) 8) dialog: Hold on. Let's get something straight sweetheart. (more)
24) 11) dialog: Alex? Alex turns around to find - Rose looking absolutely beautiful. Although the hair and up are subtlely different, Rose has blossomed from a self deprecating ugly duckling to a confident, self-loving swa She is radiant. Alex is stunned.
24) 19) dialog: That's great. (to passing waiter) I asked for some Dijon. I can't start until I have it. Thanks.
24) 21) dialog: That's great. Where's the damn Dijon? Alex reaches across the table and takes her hand.
24) 23) dialog: It would be eerie. Alex leans over.
24) 25) dialog: Huh-huh., ALEX KISSES ROSES as she fantasizes:
24) 35) dialog: Alex, you're a great guy. But you're not my type.
24) 37) dialog: What? That I had a crush on you? (Alex nods) Maybe that was just a fantasy of yours. I'm very flattered, sweetie. The Waiter arrives with the Dijon. ROSE (Cont'd) Finally! Thank you. Alex is perplexed. Suddenly, from outside the main dining area, WE YELLING LOUD VOICES THE ERUPT INTO YELLING. Alex turns around. Rose looks up, at first curious, then shock when she sees: GREGORY, looking like a crazed bum, trying to push his wa into the dining area, being blocked by a Maitre'd and a l Bartender.
24) 40) dialog: 
24) 44) dialog: (to herself) Greg?
24) 47) dialog: Ril Sweeps Rose into his arms and carries her out of the restaurant much to the shock of the men and the joy otf t women. EXT. RESTAURANT - NIGHT. Gregory carries her down the street.
24) 48) dialog: Can I ask what do you think you're doing? What am I, a cavewoman? Put me down! Gregory stops. He puts her down gently.
24) 52) dialog: You know I'll probably gain the weight back and Ir am getting older. I can't always look this good.
24) 54) dialog: Good answer. They kiss. Police cars arrive. Bystanders spill out onto streets as Camera rises up to a wide angle.