14) 4) text: wait for it to head south, then we'll raise the sperm count on the deal... right. Get back to me.... (to Alex, an aide listening an the other line)
14) 7) text: Look, Jerry, I'm looking for negative control, no more than 30 to 35%, just enouqh to block anybody else's merger plans and find out from the inside if the books are cooked. If it looks as good as on paper, we're in the kill zone. We lock and load pal...get on 3. ALEX DE BETANCOURT, a tall handsome Frenchman, jots a not and follows Gordon over to line 3. Gekko's dark intent ey fixing briefly on Bud who stands waiting in the corner. H motions him to sit.
14) 13) text: ... check the arbs for MacDonald's. Yeah, I'm having a Mac attack. 20,000 shares. For about 30 minutes. Lunch? Are you joking -- lunch is for wimps. Get back to me... (to Alex)
14) 17) dialog: What about tipping off Yurovich?
21) 0) text: Bud and a DATE he's obviously just picked up, are struggl to be seen in a mass of people trying to get in the hotte new club in Manhattan. Bud easing forward along the ropes a large BOUNCER who roughly pushes one of the bridge-and- tunnel kids back across the rope. Joe discreetly shows him $50 but they guy says: "No room! humiliating him in front of his date. The bouncer shoving Bud aside as Gordon Gekko and KATE, his wife, and ENTOURA (ALEX, others) are shown through the ropes into the door. Bud says something to Gordon but it gets lost in the conf EXT. 79TH STREET &amp; BROADWAY - EARLY DAY People pouring into the subway on the way to work. Bud rifles through the Financial Times he's just bought at th newsstand and finds the article he was looking for: BLUES EXONERATED IN 1984 CRASH. He thrusts his fist in the air, victoriously...bounds down the subway stairs.
47) 0) text: Alex and Susan are with him. Gekko playing the computer, eyes lighting up on the phone.
49) 2) text: He hangs up, looks at Alex and Susan.
81) 0) text: Bud and Alex, Gekko's assistant, having lunch. Alex gives him the briefcase he's carrying. Pan from Alex to Bud bac to discover Darien in the next scene.
89) 0) text: The annual Teldar Paper stockholders' meeting is in sessi 400 stockholders are there -- many middle aged and older, one bag lady. Cromwell sits on an elevated platform at th front of the room surrounded by an army of bulky EXECUTIV none of them weighing less than 200 pounds, ACCOUNTANTS a LAWYERS. Gekko in contrast seems like Robin Hood seated w Alex, Harold, Bud and the other stockholders. Cromwell is delivering his prepared attack on Gekko in a highly sarcastic, gruff manner.
108) 0) text: A salon interior. Gekko on a couch reading, with eyeglass a stack of financial reports. Alex is on the phone, Susan and others accompanying the caravan on a business trip. B is excited.
108) 5) dialog: (interrupting, on the phone)
145) 0) text: He paces on the other end of the phone, real anger showin now Alex and Susan seen in b.g.
147) 2) dialog: They don't know what's going on!
147) 20) text: Nice to see you again, Mr. Gekko. They file out of the room. The phone lines have lit up li a Christmas tree. Alex answers a call.
147) 21) dialog: (to Gekko)
151) 0) text: Alex, Ollie, Susan on the phones.
151) 2) dialog: (worried)