61) 2) text: ... Cromwell wants to play financial chicken with me, we'll see who swerves first. Where the hell's Gene? Gekko slumps down on a sofa, exhausted, watching one of several news reports he master-controls with a remote.
61) 4) text: You sent him to Vermont to get the deposition from the CEO Cromwell fired.
89) 0) text: The annual Teldar Paper stockholders' meeting is in sessi 400 stockholders are there -- many middle aged and older, one bag lady. Cromwell sits on an elevated platform at th front of the room surrounded by an army of bulky EXECUTIV none of them weighing less than 200 pounds, ACCOUNTANTS a LAWYERS. Gekko in contrast seems like Robin Hood seated w Alex, Harold, Bud and the other stockholders. Cromwell is delivering his prepared attack on Gekko in a highly sarcastic, gruff manner.
89) 1) dialog: ...Your company, ladies and gentlemen, is under siege from Gordon Gekko. Teldar Paper is now leveraged to the hilt, like some piss poor South American country...instead of using our cash to build plants, build our business, all this man really wants is to get paid to withdraw his tender offer and that will cost us approximately another $200 million in greenmail which will be passed on to the consumer... Gekko seething, jumps up.
89) 3) dialog: Sit down, sir, you're out of order, haven't you done enough damage to Teldar as it is?...have you no sense of decency? (to shareholders)
89) 5) dialog: ...concentrate on long term growth when we're busy fighting the get- rich-quick, short term profit, slot machine mentality of Wall Street when we should be fighting Japan! The original fundamental reason for Wall Street was to capitalize American business, underwrite new business, build companies, build America. The "deal" has now succeeded goods and services as America's gross national product and in the process, we are undermining our foundation. This cancer is called "greed". Greed and speculation have replaced long-term investment. Corporations are being taken apart like erector sets, without any consideration of the public good. I strongly recommend you to see through Mr. Gekko's shameless intention here to strip this company and severely penalize the stockholders. I strongly recommend you to reject his tender by voting for management's restructuring of the stock.
89) 9) text: ...well ladies and gentlemen, we're not here to indulge in fantasies, but in political and economic reality. America has become a second rate power. Our trade deficit and fiscal deficit are at nightmare proportions. In the days of the 'free market' when our country was a top industrial power, there was accountability to the shareholders. The Carnegies, the Mellons, the man who built this industrial empire, made sure of it because it was their money at stake. Today management has no stake in the company. Altogether these guys sitting up there own a total of less than 3% and where does Mr. Cromwell put his million dollar salary? Certainly not in Teldar stock, he owns less than 1%. You own Teldar Paper, the stockholders, and you are being royally screwed over by these bureaucrats with their steak lunches, golf and hunting trips, corporate jets, and golden parachutes! Teldar Paper has 33 different vice presidents each earning over $200,000 a year. I spent two months analyzing what these guys did and I still can't figure it out. (a big laugh)
89) 10) text: Cromwell is pissed.
89) 11) dialog: This is an outrage Gekko! You're full of shit!
89) 13) text: The new law of evolution in corporate America seems to be 'survival of the unfittest'. Well in my book, you either do it right or you get eliminated. Teldar Paper is doomed to fail. Its diversification into casualty insurance has not worked. Its crown jewels are its trees, the rest is dross. Through wars, depressions, inflations and deterioration of paper money, trees have always kept their value, but Teldar is chopping them all down. Forests are perishable, forest rights are as important as human rights to this planet, and all the illusory Maginot lines, scorched earth tactics, proxy fights, poison pills, etc. that Mr. Cromwell is going to come up with to prevent people like me from buying Teldar Paper are doomed to fail because the bottom line, ladies and gentlemen, as you very well know, is the only way to stay strong is to create value, that's why you buy stock, to have it go up. If there's any other reason, I've never hear it. (laughter)
89) 14) text: That's all I'm saying...it's you people who own this company, not them, they work for you and they've done a lousy job of it. Get rid of them fast, before you all get sick and die. I may be an opportunist, but if these clowns did a better job, I'd be out of work. In the last seven deals I've been in, there were 2.3 million stockholders that actually made a pretax profit of $12 billion. When I bought the Ixtlan Corporation it was in the exact same position Teldar is today -- I turned three of its companies private and I sold four others -- and each of these companies, liberated from the suffering conglomerate has prospered. I am not a destroyer of companies, I am a liberator of them. The point is, ladies and gentlemen, greed is good. Greed works, greed is right. Greed clarifies, cuts through, and captures the essence of the evolutionary spirit. Greed in all its forms, greed for life, money, love, knowledge, has marked the upward surge of mankind -- and greed, mark my words -- will save not only Teldar Paper but that other malfunctioning corporation called the USA...Thank you. Much applause as he sits. Now a standing ovation; shouts approval. Cromwell knows he has lost the day, tries to continue the meeting by calling for "order". Bud watches, impressed.