65) 3) text: ...Darien Taylor, Sam Ruspoli, Carmen Winters, Dick Brady... All old friends. Bud looking wide-eyed at the beautiful "Calvados" BLONDE he's been dreaming of for weeks... she's with Mr. GQ and doesn't recognize Bud, nods back, they all nod back, naturally suspicious of the young outsider... Rudy's TOY ROBOT wheels  around the floor with a drink on its tray, talking computer talk...
67) 0) text: The blonde, DARIEN TAYLOR, is examining a modern sculptur as Buddy comes over with two Calvados.
67) 2) dialog: (uncomprehending)
67) 5) dialog: Oh yes, I remember you.
67) 7) dialog: Aha. Poet or philosopher?
67) 9) dialog: I'd give anything to have this in my house, even for a week.
67) 11) dialog: Oh really? (looks at him quizically)
67) 15) dialog: Sure you could, in Wildwood, New Jersey. If you sold this, (indicates a Rothko hanging near the O'Keefe)
67) 18) dialog: Not really. I'd say that Gordon is one of the most astute collectors around. He has a great eye and he only buys the best. Like this rug for instance, a silk Tabriz, the finest of its kind. The day after he bought it in London, a dealer representing the Saudi Royal Family offered him twice what he paid. It absolutely makes the room. See how this little bit of celadon in the border is picked up in the cushions oh the sofa... although... (she's really warming up to her subject now)
67) 21) dialog: You got it, a great spender of other people's money.
67) 23) dialog: Where is it?
67) 25) dialog: (losing interest fast)
67) 30) dialog: What if I have a previous engagement?
67) 32) dialog: I guess this must be destiny alright. My first yuppie apartment and... (pats him on the cheek flirtatiously)
67) 38) dialog: You really do believe in destiny?
67) 47) dialog: (to Bud)
81) 0) text: Bud and Alex, Gekko's assistant, having lunch. Alex gives him the briefcase he's carrying. Pan from Alex to Bud bac to discover Darien in the next scene.
82) 0) text: Bud dines with Darien, small talk, intimate looks.
84) 0) text: Gekko, Kate, Bud, Darien and A FIFTH PERSON roar over the dunes, each in their own dune buggy, laughing and holleri at one another... Buddy driving right up precariously close on Darien, who screams... Buddy flips over his vehicle... comes up laughing... we sense he is getting wilder now...
85) 0) text: Darien rides expertly. A beautiful, immaculately-groomed stallion is being shown to Gekko by the trainer. Bud is sipping wine as he looks on with Kate.
85) 6) text: But this sucker can go all the way to Devon and the nationals. Darien rides in, smiling to Bud.
85) 8) dialog: He's not a racehorse, Bud, he's a jumper.
86) 0) text: Darien swims in the ocean, long looping athletic strokes.
88) 0) text: The camera glides off some FISHERMEN hauling their catch their beached boat to Darien who comes tromping out of th surf, water glistening off her lean athletic body. Bud stands before her, cool seductive eyes, holding out a tow She steps up to him and smiles inscrutably. Takes the tow from him, drying herself, instead.
88) 1) dialog: (gazing at the beach)
88) 4) dialog: (teasing)
88) 7) dialog: (laughs)
88) 10) dialog: ...a Turner, a perfect canary diaiaond... a Lear jet... world peace... the best of everything...
88) 12) dialog: I don't.
93) 0) text: In its first stage, Darien supervising. It's expanse of white walls devoid of mouldings, a blank plaster canvas. city views are great, the apartment identical to hundreds other cookie cutter condos. Several young artists are working on a neo-classical mural on the long side of the living room. They are colorfully dressed, listening to a TALKING HEADS tape while they work. A carpenter who looks like a member of Duran Duran is installing a pair of old columns from Urban Archaeology on either side of the entrance to the living room while another fits a brass si into an antique sideboard which has been turned into a ba
94) 3) text: Yes...no...at 37 1/2. Convert the bonds right...and check the price in Tokyo at 8:00 LA time. Thanks... 4) As he starts his pasta sauce flame an his O'Reilly fat free grill with a flexible neck fire starter... 5) A freshly heated roll pops out of a hanging space-savi toaster, as Darien works the electric pasta maker while melting the frozen ice cream cartons in the microwave. 6) Bud manages to sneak a kiss an her lips humming the ba from Verdi's "Rigoletto" as he works the piece de la resistance--the automatic sushi maker... 7) Dinner is finally served on a demolished dinner table. Red wine, pasta, sushi...it looks perfect, lit by candlelight, the view of the city below.
94) 4) dialog: ...isn't it perfect!
95) 0) text: The look of the place is evocative of ancient times, yet sumptuous. Darien and Bud sink into the bales of down in sofa and are dwarfed. She rests her head on a hand stenci velvet Venetian throw pillow, looking like a Pre-Raphaeli madonna. A terracotta pot with a spray of white phaleonop graces the coffee table. As the sun sets over the canyons highrises, Bud walks around his new home totally in awe. This apartment, perfect in its restrained taste with all "correct" flowers and objects, has nothing to do with him Perhaps he can understand the state-of-the-art kitchen, t computerized telephone, stereo and light system, but he needs a set of instructions just to be able to switch on David Letterman. This apartment is Darien's fantasy, and Bud is merely the incidental client who paid for it. Most importantly to he it is ready to be photographed by House and Garden.
95) 3) dialog: I'll bet he's got an opinion on the stock market too. This apartment is already ahead of its time. I call it the "demolished" look. They've already heard about it at House and Garden and they're coming next week to photograph it before it gets... lived in. Is that alright? I'd love to have it in my portfolio.
95) 5) dialog: Let's get things straight, Bud. I'm not going to take a cut. I worked hard and you can't decorate a room in New York for less than $100,000. Curtains alone...
95) 7) dialog: You got it all charted out don't you, like a stock projection.
95) 10) dialog: Do you think you're ready?
95) 14) dialog: I'll let you know.
96) 0) text: Bud making love to Darien. Camara closing on them. Her face -- from his point of view. Her smile. His face -- looking down. Covered with sweat and passion.
98) 0) text: Darien lies curled in the bed, eyes open, looking at him.
98) 1) dialog: Come to bed, Bud...
107) 0) text: Bud is in silk boxers on the phone, number crunching on t computer, foot pounding to a music beat on the stereo, wh his telex spews out overnight currency data. Darien in the background lies in bed in panties reading V
107) 4) text: Darien...lightning has struck! The lightbulb has been invented. Edison, Da Vinci, Einstein are watching...
107) 5) dialog: (grumpy)
107) 9) dialog: Get in bed. Y'ever hear of the sixty hour work week? You're turning into a yuppie Frankenstein, you love money so much. Bud grabs a bottle of Ferrier off the night table and dri
107) 11) dialog: You're so naive Bud, you don't even know. Your dad took care of you. I might've been rich when I was a kid...but my father lost all his money...in the seventies, in the stock market, at the track. He was a lousy gambler...
107) 14) dialog: (laughs woefully)
109) 4) dialog: (overhears him)
109) 6) text: I'm Darien Taylor.
109) 10) dialog: Listen, I hope you'll come here often, and under less formal circumstances. Halfway won over Carl enters the living room where Darien has set up a table with miniature gourmet pizza, etc. The atmosphere is strained, the camps separated. Gekko stands the bar, conferring with his lawyer, Harold Salt. Darien walks over to the couch with drinks for the Ixtax Union Reps: DUNCAN WILMORE, ALPA Leader, a rugged silver-haired uniformed pilot; TONI CARPENTER, AFA Rep, hard looking, 40ish flight attendant.
109) 22) dialog: ...please help yourselves to some food...
109) 32) text: we institute an employee profit sharing program with stock. You'll own part of the airline. Carpenter and Wilmore react with surprise, it's obvious t weren't expecting the profit sharing part. Bud smiles at Darien and looks to his father, who examines a sushi roll before putting it back.
125) 0) text: Darien approaches, carrying groceries, enters the buildin
126) 0) text: Bud is slumped on the couch, a spent bottle of tequila in front of him. Outside the twilight is quickening into nig shadows, scurrying across the unlit room.... for the firs time we see him sucking on a cigarette. Darien opens the door and freezes, surveying the living r A broken vase on the carpet, a curtain ripped off a windo a painting upended, a chair overturned, selected but not frenzied damage...
126) 1) dialog: Bud?...What's going on? She puts down the grocery bags, frightened.
126) 3) dialog: I'm sorry. I was afraid something like this could happen.
126) 5) dialog: Buddy, it's not your fault, and it's not your decision.
126) 7) text: I'm not gonna let it happen Darien. She stops, lights a cigarette, growing concern.
126) 8) dialog: Don't cross Gordon. He'll crush you. You've worked hard to get where you are. If Gordon doesn't buy Bluestar someone else will; and who's to say they won't do the same thing.
126) 10) dialog: Are you mad! Why are you doing this! We're so close, the town is going to be ours. Don't throw away your future Bud!
126) 12) dialog: (pointed)
126) 15) text: What the hell's that supposed to mean? Darien moves out from his approximate circle, wrestling w what she wants to say...until she turns and says it.
126) 16) dialog: That if you make an enemy of Gordon Gekko, I won't be there to stand by you. Bud is stunned...and hurt.
126) 18) text: What'd he promise you? To take you public? I guess without Gordon's money and seal of approval, I'm not such a hot investment anymore. You're just the best money can buy, Darien...
126) 19) dialog: You're not exactly pure Bud, you went after Gekko with the same vengeance you went after me. Look in the mirror before...
126) 22) dialog: Fair enough...but it's not that simple, Bud. When I was down and had nothing, it was Gordon who helped me. He got me all my clients -- you among them... (snaps her fingers)
126) 26) dialog: You may not believe this Bud but I really do care for you. I think we could've made a good team...but that's how it goes...
127) 0) text: Waiting for the elevator. Darien also looks at herself a beat in the hall mirror. She's crying. Then she steels herself and enters the elevator.
134) 0) text: Gekko and Darien are seated together in the back row. Dar looks serious and distracted in spite of all the exciteme going on around her. It is the big spring Impressionist s and all the major players, or their representatives are h Gekko is bidding.
135) 0) text: They walk the sunny streets, a jubilant Gekko, savoring h triumph, grabs Darien's arm.
135) 2) dialog: (indignantly)
135) 8) dialog: (indignant)
135) 12) dialog: It's over you, Gordon.
135) 15) dialog: No, are you crazy? And I don't want him ever to know. Do you understand?... She moves closed and takes Gordon's hand.
135) 16) dialog: I want to ask you a big favor, Gordon. Please drop the Bluestar deal.
135) 19) dialog: Because I don't want to see him hurt.
135) 22) dialog: I can't...and I won't.
135) 24) dialog: Maybe it does. Don't patronize me Gordon.
135) 26) dialog: You're really twisted, Gordon. You're incapable of giving to anybody because deep down inside you there's a poverty that every last dollar in the world won't fill.
135) 28) dialog: I know...but maybe, just maybe Gordon, I'm good enough so I don't need you anymore. She walks away.
164) 12) text: Like who? Who really wants to know a convicted felon...I don't even like myself. Carl knows something Bud doesn't... Darien is standing there waiting as they approach the mai entrance... Bud seeing her, suddenly stunned. His POV-- easing along the curb.
165) 0) text: Bud getting out...crossing to Darien. A pause.
165) 1) dialog: (nervous)
165) 4) dialog: I figure a guy who's made some mistakes should be able to understand a girl who's made some of her own... Bud looking at her, moves closer, longing and hope and happiness have returned to his dull eyes... and forgivene the greatest of all. They embrace. Bud will never know about her past, nor nee he. The camera leaving them on a slanting, circular crane lifting past the Federal Building to a panorama of Wall Street in all its icy magisterial splendor...and thus end our tale.