14) 16) text: Look Harold, they're vulnerable, alright, but we don't want 'em to think they're under accumulation. Go slow. Call Geneva and the Bahamas for me, will ya? We feint towards it but we wait...
14) 19) text: If I ever need surgery, get me the heart of an arb like Yurovich, it's never been used...Happy Holideals Harold... Hangs up, eyes to Bud. His headset comes off.
87) 0) text: They're finishing lunch by the pool framed by a lush flow garden where Kate and son Rudy play. HAROLD SALT, Gekko's chief lawyer, thick glasses, smart eyes and bags of worry that could only come from watching other people's money, looks very city-like in his clothing, examining his paperwork before passing it to Bud, who is the picture of relaxation.
87) 1) dialog: ...You understand Mr. Gekko is constantly barraged with nuisance litigation and IRS audits.
87) 4) dialog: ...So it's in both our interests to put a safe distance between you and us... (passing a document with a 2nd pen)
87) 7) dialog: (a worrier)
87) 25) text: Black clothes are the newest things, so chic and milk stains, carrot juice stains just don't show up. Kids -- boy, can they take it out of you! Nicole's "Oui, Madame" is lost in the wrestling match she goes through to drag him out screaming. Kate walking off. Harold gives Buddy another piece of paper...
87) 26) dialog: This is a contact at one of our banks. On settlement day you'll open an account there for Mr. Gekko under the name of Geneva, Roth Holding Corp. Then you'll wire transfer the money to this account in the Cayman Islands...
87) 28) text: Think about incorporating yourself there, Bud, Harold will take care of it for you. (with a look to Harold)
89) 0) text: The annual Teldar Paper stockholders' meeting is in sessi 400 stockholders are there -- many middle aged and older, one bag lady. Cromwell sits on an elevated platform at th front of the room surrounded by an army of bulky EXECUTIV none of them weighing less than 200 pounds, ACCOUNTANTS a LAWYERS. Gekko in contrast seems like Robin Hood seated w Alex, Harold, Bud and the other stockholders. Cromwell is delivering his prepared attack on Gekko in a highly sarcastic, gruff manner.
109) 19) text: Harold, you don't mind strolling around the block a couple hundred times, do you?
109) 20) dialog: (looks at his watch)
151) 3) text: We're being devoured, Gordon. Harold Salt, walking on egg shells, looks to Gekko, who s with the phone receiver crooked to his neck.
151) 4) dialog: There's got to be a way out of this, Gordon.
151) 6) text: Yeah, Harold, why don't you dial 911. (into the receiver)