21) 0) text: Bud and a DATE he's obviously just picked up, are struggl to be seen in a mass of people trying to get in the hotte new club in Manhattan. Bud easing forward along the ropes a large BOUNCER who roughly pushes one of the bridge-and- tunnel kids back across the rope. Joe discreetly shows him $50 but they guy says: "No room! humiliating him in front of his date. The bouncer shoving Bud aside as Gordon Gekko and KATE, his wife, and ENTOURA (ALEX, others) are shown through the ropes into the door. Bud says something to Gordon but it gets lost in the conf EXT. 79TH STREET &amp; BROADWAY - EARLY DAY People pouring into the subway on the way to work. Bud rifles through the Financial Times he's just bought at th newsstand and finds the article he was looking for: BLUES EXONERATED IN 1984 CRASH. He thrusts his fist in the air, victoriously...bounds down the subway stairs.
61) 11) dialog: I think somebody's playing hooky from the bathtub. Rudy, say good night DAddy...
61) 13) text: Shut that off, willya! Kate, upset with the noise, tries to pull her son nicely of the car. The Korean HOUSEBOY coming in.
62) 6) dialog: John and Carmen are here and the Livingstons are on their way...
64) 4) text: Allright. Wait here... About to go when his wife, Kate Gekko, comes over. A pret dark-haired woman.
64) 5) dialog: Problems?
64) 7) dialog: You came from the city? (with a look to Gordon)
64) 10) text: Kate's walking back inside to her guests, as Bud sidles o to Gekko.
67) 41) dialog: That's our Darien: elusive, reclusive, exclusive. (to Sam)
67) 45) text: No, I'm afraid I've got to get some work... Kate noticing the doorbell ringing.
67) 46) dialog: ...excuse me. Sam muttering something in Darien's ear of an intimate nature. She glides away with him.
68) 1) dialog: (strained)
68) 5) dialog: Gordon?... He's right here. As Gordon intersects, casually tasting a spot of the dinn
84) 0) text: Gekko, Kate, Bud, Darien and A FIFTH PERSON roar over the dunes, each in their own dune buggy, laughing and holleri at one another... Buddy driving right up precariously close on Darien, who screams... Buddy flips over his vehicle... comes up laughing... we sense he is getting wilder now...
85) 0) text: Darien rides expertly. A beautiful, immaculately-groomed stallion is being shown to Gekko by the trainer. Bud is sipping wine as he looks on with Kate.
87) 0) text: They're finishing lunch by the pool framed by a lush flow garden where Kate and son Rudy play. HAROLD SALT, Gekko's chief lawyer, thick glasses, smart eyes and bags of worry that could only come from watching other people's money, looks very city-like in his clothing, examining his paperwork before passing it to Bud, who is the picture of relaxation.
87) 15) dialog: (to Darien)
87) 18) dialog: $5,000 just for the tuition... plus the books and supplies... (with a look to Gordon)
87) 20) text: ...now that's it for you with the grown-ups young man. As Rudy smashes the strawberries around his face and resi going. "No! No!" Kate exasperated gives the child to Nico
87) 21) dialog: Nicole, take him for a nap, please.
87) 23) dialog: (stung)
87) 25) text: Black clothes are the newest things, so chic and milk stains, carrot juice stains just don't show up. Kids -- boy, can they take it out of you! Nicole's "Oui, Madame" is lost in the wrestling match she goes through to drag him out screaming. Kate walking off. Harold gives Buddy another piece of paper...
153) 3) text: According to many sources, raider Sir Lawrence Wildman has stepped in and bought a substantial block of Bluestar and is going to announce a deal tomorrow at 18 that includes the support of the unions. Camera now tracks in close on Gekko as he absorbs the unexpected blow. O.S. Rudy yelling and squealing. Gekko leans back, putting the pieces together, his eyes narrowi into burning slits. He smashes the glass cocktail table w a massive paperweight as Kate hears it, shocked.