5) 23) dialog: Attention. Please. Office Production is down ten percent this week. I recommend that you all go through your clients' investments for any portfolio adjustments. And don't forget -- double commissions today on our 'A' or better bond funds. (looking in Bud and Marv's direction)
5) 36) text: No, he's out right now. As he looks up and winks at Lynch, standing over him.
5) 39) dialog: Give me that phone. (takes receiver)
5) 42) text: What?... Well, how was I to know you were in surgery? What am I Marvin the mind reader here? Bud whispers, tensely. Lynch listens.
5) 44) dialog: Okay, sir. I'll discuss this with the broker and I'll get back to you. You're welcome. Lynce hangs up and glares at Bud.
5) 45) dialog: If I'm closing out this account. If he doesn't pay for it tomorrow, you pay for it.
5) 47) dialog: Fox, you're making more problems than you are sales.
5) 49) dialog: Somebody has to pay for that error. And it's not me. Lynch walks off. Bud does some quick calculations in his
16) 9) dialog: Where you been the last 3 hours, Fox? I wouldn't be sitting around chin wagging if I were you... plenty of names in that phone book to cold call... Marvin gives Lynch the Italian salute, behind his back. Grudgingly, Buddy flips open the massive New York phone b
22) 26) text: I'm out the door... As he springs up to leave, Lynch the manager happens to b strolling by. He nods pleasantly at Buddy.
22) 27) dialog: Nice piece of work, Fox. Why don't you join me and the partners for lunch tomorrow in the dining room?
90) 0) text: BROKERS mill at their desks quietly. Bud enters, notices immediately the uneasy silence. His eyes go to Lynch's office... across the windows, he's talking to a very somb Dan Steeples.
90) 3) text: Lynch is giving him the boot... He's not pulling his quota. Bud's soft "no" matched by that second, tighter look. His POV -- closer on the glass... Dan Steeples pleading for h job... we know the things he's saying, we've heard them before... just one more chance, Mr. Lynch... Lynch shakin his head...
90) 5) text: ...we're all just one trade away from humility, Buddy... Dan Steeples steps out of the office, obviously close to tears but trying to maintain face... Buddy's eyes dart aw not wanting to deal with it. Dan Steeples walks by his as Lynch, on the loudspeaker, starts his morning announcemen
90) 6) dialog: New research report on GM and a conference call on defense stocks at my office at 11. No RSVP required, just be there. And on an inspiring note I'm pleased to announce the new office record for a single month's gross commission goes to Bud Fox. Who more than doubled the old mark. Way to go Bud. Super job! Come on up here. As Dan Rickey passes him during this, Bud catches a glimp of the older man's eyes. Dan tries to look brave. Heads turning to Bud with awe and envy...
90) 13) dialog: Come in, Bud...
91) 1) dialog: (points)
91) 6) text: Thank you, Janet...thank you, Mr. Lynch.
91) 7) dialog: No, thank you. I knew the minute I laid eyes on you, you had what it takes Bud. Just keep it going. He winks and leaves. Charlie Cushing comes in, Marv stick his head in the doorway, a grudging smile.
157) 0) text: As Bud walks in, the camera glides to reveal the young SE INVESTIGATOR, who has been tracking Buddy, going through files. A SECOND MAN, PATTERSON, is standing behind the de using the phone as a bored-looking 3RD MAN and POLICEMAN stand off to the side with Hieronymus Lynch, who gives Bu withering glance.
162) 0) text: CLICKING of the Broad Tape grows LOUDER. Shots of Lou Mannheim, Lynch, Marv; silently looking up at the green fluorescent print-out.