6) 0) text: NATALIE, a classy attractive Englishwoman is on the phone with Bud, somewhat amused by his manner. She is the perso secretary to multimillionaire, Wall Street trader and raider, Gordon Gekko. His windows look out on a panoramic view of the city and East River.
6) 1) dialog: Mr. Fox, I've told you before, I'm sure you're a good broker, but our traders talk to the brokers, Mr. Gekko only deals with investment bankers. Yes, I shall give him your message ... As they're speaking, another SECRETARY leads two well-hee JAPANESE BUSINESSMEN past her desk. As she opens the door the inner office and ushers them inside, we catch a glimp of a figure, pacing back and forth, talking animatedly on the phone by the huge corner window. HE IS GORDON GEKKO. hear a deafening ROAR as we:
11) 0) text: NATALIE, Gekko's British secretary, is completing shortha notes as the intercom buzzes. A logo for "GEKKO &amp; CO. behind her.
11) 3) dialog: (frowning)
12) 0) text: Bud, somewhat nervous, is led down an impressive hallway hung with expensive modern art... past a huge Calder mobi and a pool of some 15 traders on phones, quotron terminal and keyboards... into Natalie's outer office.
12) 2) dialog: (recognizing the voice)
12) 5) dialog: First of all, Mr. Fox, you can't just come barging in here. And what makes you think it's his birthday? Bud takes out an old crumpled Fortune magazine cover of Gordon Gekko, entitled "Gekko the Great!"
12) 7) dialog: (sighs)
12) 8) text: Stay here, I'll see what I can do. She takes the gift and enters Gekko's office. Bud paces nervously. Natalie re-appears, stern, but a note of compromise in her voice.
12) 9) dialog: Wait outside.
13) 0) text: Bud on the courtesy phone, hangs up, looks nervously at h watch. Almost 12. He's lost some two hours of business. Natalie suddenly comes out, without a smile.
13) 1) dialog: Five minutes... Bud brightens, pumping himself in the mirror, muttering.
13) 3) text: Well... life all comes down to a few moments, and this is one of 'em... He follows Natalie.
14) 0) text: Furnishings in hypermodern gray and black lacquer, Modern Art ranging from black field paintings by Ad Reinhardt to the smashed dishes of Julian Schnabel. Nautilus equipment hi-tech gadgets are in evidence, including a splendid How Miller World Time Clock, and a world map... Three of Gekko's people, young MBA's dressed for success, are scattered about the room, on phones, calculators, com in and out. GORDON GEKKO aka Gekko the Great as the media calls him, dressed in a custom English suit, paces on the phone with the restlessness of a caged tiger, a 50-foot extension co attached to his blinking 130 line silver-plated telephone On his ears is a headset. He is carrying on overlapping conversations with a myriad bankers, partners and lawyers; pausing to issue commands his aides while keeping his eye on the stock prides spitt across a bank of quotron monitors, carrying everything fr New York Exchanges to London, commodities, gold, and currency values. A second Secretary and sometimes Natalie exit and enter with various messages written on a piece o paper, indicating a waiting party on the phone. Gekko oft shakes his head "no".
14) 43) dialog: Mr. Stevenson in San Fransisco. Gekko takes the call, cutting Bud off.
15) 0) text: Bud walks glumly past Natalie, certain that he's blown it She's busy on the phone.
15) 2) dialog: (buzzing inside, preoccupied)
22) 25) text: Hi Natalie...lunch at 21? (looks at watch)
62) 16) text: ...Awright. Come out, get the directions from Natalie and hurry up.
122) 0) text: Natalie is on the phone. Bud marches past her desk.
122) 1) dialog: Yes, he wants to change that appointment to... (cupping the receiver)
123) 31) text: ...be another minute, Natalie. As he crosses back to the coffee table and punches up a phone number.
147) 4) dialog: Mr. Gekko, there's a whole bach of people from Bluestar Airlines outside demanding to see you.