8) 42) text: ...same, pain in the ass, god bless her, talks too much... gonna take her to Florida next month... west coast, near Tampa, like to get out for good, but can't afford it.
55) 0) text: The SAME RUNNER races over, handing Bud's next TICKET to COMPANY TRADER. Tilt up to the broad tape. As ANACOTT STEEL, AN STL, rises to 48 1/8.
65) 3) text: ...Darien Taylor, Sam Ruspoli, Carmen Winters, Dick Brady... All old friends. Bud looking wide-eyed at the beautiful "Calvados" BLONDE he's been dreaming of for weeks... she's with Mr. GQ and doesn't recognize Bud, nods back, they all nod back, naturally suspicious of the young outsider... Rudy's TOY ROBOT wheels  around the floor with a drink on its tray, talking computer talk...
67) 40) dialog: ...there you go again, Darien, talking with strange men.
67) 42) text: You know Bud right? He works for Gordon... (Sam nodding, makes conversation, big smile)
67) 43) text: Sam's in banking. You staying for dinner Bud?
72) 0) text: A SECRETARY leads Bud into the plush, private office of a cocky young lawyer, ROGER BARNES, about tho same age as B his his feet up on the desk, sleepily waving to Buddy to park his ass... The pictures an his walls and desk indica a rich family.
89) 14) text: That's all I'm saying...it's you people who own this company, not them, they work for you and they've done a lousy job of it. Get rid of them fast, before you all get sick and die. I may be an opportunist, but if these clowns did a better job, I'd be out of work. In the last seven deals I've been in, there were 2.3 million stockholders that actually made a pretax profit of $12 billion. When I bought the Ixtlan Corporation it was in the exact same position Teldar is today -- I turned three of its companies private and I sold four others -- and each of these companies, liberated from the suffering conglomerate has prospered. I am not a destroyer of companies, I am a liberator of them. The point is, ladies and gentlemen, greed is good. Greed works, greed is right. Greed clarifies, cuts through, and captures the essence of the evolutionary spirit. Greed in all its forms, greed for life, money, love, knowledge, has marked the upward surge of mankind -- and greed, mark my words -- will save not only Teldar Paper but that other malfunctioning corporation called the USA...Thank you. Much applause as he sits. Now a standing ovation; shouts approval. Cromwell knows he has lost the day, tries to continue the meeting by calling for "order". Bud watches, impressed.
109) 27) text: With all due respect, Mr. Gekko, what's to prevent you from doing the same thing?
128) 0) text: The same realtor, SYLVIe DRIMMER, who sold him the place, back. The phone is ringing, unanswered...