10) 0) text: A baptism in progress. Nico -- 15 years older than when w last saw him, is standing beside SARA, his lovely wife -- watching a 60-ish priest, FATHER GENARRO, finish the final ritual on Nico's infant son Julian. The priest straightens the baby's baptismal garment, tugging the clo around the little fellow's crotch. Smiles from friends an relatives clustered proudly around. Several cops, some in uniform are amongst them. Nico grabs his son from Genarro with a theatrical protective motion, tugs up the little b garment, kisses him smack on the bare butt. Laughter from all as Nico holds the lad high and proud. He puts his arm around Sara.
70) 2) dialog: Nicola! That can't be you in church without the family! Nico turns to see Father Genarro, perspiring in a baggy sweatshirt, a handball glove on his hand. The courtyard alongside the church is marked off as an athletic area.
70) 4) dialog: This must be your partner in crime. (shakes her hand)
70) 5) text: I'm Father Genarro. I saw you at the baptismal party. (with a wink to Nico)
70) 9) dialog: No, please -- (more serious now)
71) 1) dialog: The rats are getting bigger.
71) 3) dialog: Two nights ago. I didn't call the police. ABOVE THE LAW - Rev. 4/17/87                        39. Father Genarro knocks on the door, pauses, then knocks again. The door opens. A twelve-year-old who looks like he's from Central America stands in the doorway.
71) 4) dialog: (in Spanish)
72) 0) text: A largish room, no exposed windows, everything boarded up Newly-constructed makeshift toilet and shower in one corn various cots. A number of LATIN REFUGEES -- families most -- react shyly as Father Genarro introduces Nico and Jack Sister Bonifacia is there, and a youthful priest, FATHER TOMASSINO. We will see both of them again.
72) 1) dialog: (referring to the cops)
72) 3) text: This is Father Tomassino.
72) 4) dialog: How do you do? Nico shakes the young priest's hand. There is a moment between them as Nico meets Tomassino's eyes, liking what he sees. The refugees are relieved, however, when Father Genarro, Nico and Jackson take their leave.
72) 7) dialog: Yes. But, perhaps not such a safe one.
72) 9) dialog: Too long. At least the kids can go to our school.
72) 11) dialog: Kids, maybe. (significantly) Maybe worse. It's not the first time.
72) 13) dialog: No... please.    Police frighten these people. ABOVE THE LAW - Rev. 4/29/87                          40.
73) 0) text: The three are outside, taking their leave. A big smile and a hand on Father Genarro's shoulder. The priest is greatly relieved.
73) 2) dialog: Tell me, Nico... When was your last confession?
73) 4) dialog: You're a police officer, you have many sins to confess.
73) 6) dialog: (calls after Nico)
74) 0) text: Sara, holding Julian, slips into a pew. As Nico and Rosa follow, Father Genarro passes, heading for the front. ABOVE THE LAW - Rev. 4/29/87
74) 2) dialog: It's amazing what shame can accomplish. Father Genarro smiles and continues on toward the pulpit.
74) 11) dialog: In nomine patris, filius et spiritu sancti... (etc)
78) 0) text: Nico appears through the backlit smoke and kneels over the bloodied body of Father Genarro. He desperately tries to maintain the priest's life.
80) 0) text: Nico stands, his back to the wall -- a scary, blank look on his face. A doctor and several nurses are pulling the plugs on the terribly mutilated body of Father Genarro. A nun is crying; a fellow priest is blessing the Father.
81) 0) text: Sits on a bench with a bandage over one eye. Sara and Julian are sleeping beside her. Nico kneels beside his mother, deeply concerned. Nico takes his mother's arm, helps her to her feet. ABOVE THE LAW - Rev. 4/29/87                        45. Sara wakes and picks up Julian. Mama knows Father Genarro has died. She begins sobbing softly. Other members of the congregation are in the hallway, mourning. Nico, with his family, takes several steps toward the exit. Suddenly Nico stops. He sees Agent Neeley entering (the FBI man wh ordered him off the case) accompanied by Lieutenant Stroz and two uniformed officers.
106) 19) text: Father Genarro talked him out of it. The refugees' faces confirm this.
106) 21) text: It was Father Tomassino they were trying to kill. Bonifacia starts softly to cry.    Nico puts his hand on shoulder, comforting her.
140) 6) text: Father Tomassino, the Costa Rican priest, stands at the window, he has been trying to open it. He turns. He knows he can't escape.
144) 0) text: A STEREO SPEAKER BLASTS MUSIC from the front room. CAMERA PANS ACROSS Bonifacia's bedroom dresser. We see mementos of her life and a photo of herself with Father Genarro wi a group of children. CAMERA CONTINUES TO PAN PAST Bonifac bed, PAST Bonifacia's body! CAMERA CONTINUES DOWN TO the floor, where lies the lady who planted the bomb. They bot appear dead.
144) 1) dialog: He is in a chair, his wrists strapped to the chair arms. is sweating, fearful but clinging to his courage.
144) 2) text: Behind Father Tomassino, we see Salvano, Chi Chi and two other goons, armed with pistols. Salvano moves toward the priest, sets a small TV table down beside him. The priest glances toward it --
145) 3) dialog: I tried.   But you killed him first.                *
145) 5) dialog: This is from confession. I tell no one.
149) 0) text: Father Tomassino is beginning to come under the influence Zagon's chemicals. In spite of this the priest's spirit t resist is astounding...
149) 2) dialog: I know what you are. I know what beasts you are.
151) 2) dialog: (barely coherent)
152) 5) dialog: Nadie.   Nadie. Nadie.                             *