88) 4) text: Machete Man (First Latino) snatches Nico's gun from its shoulder holster. Two hoods shove Nico back into the alley. Nico checks out his assailants quickly. Four of them. Machete, CROWBAR, BALL BAT, GUN.
88) 5) dialog: You come to our streets... fuck with our people. Now our people gonna fuck with you.
88) 7) dialog: We ain't gonna shoot you, man. We gonna beat you to death. You gonna learn what it means to 'get down.'
89) 0) text: Shrieks from passersby as Machete Man hurtles past, straight into the street. A car nearly hits him, he vaults its hood. Here comes Nico, in hot pursuit. He too leaps the car, whose owner is staring, cursing --
90) 0) text: Machete Man highballs off the sidewalk, straight into a Mom and Pop groceria. Customers scatter in shock as the hood blasts past them, out the back door. Here comes Nico. Patrons curse in Spanish as he barrels past --
91) 0) text: Machete Man bolts from the bodega into a small patio with tables and chairs. He leaps the fence into the next yard, which belongs to a funeral home. He hurdles the headstone inventory, clambers up the fence on the far side --
91) 2) dialog: claws his way to the top of the fence and onto a frame- work of two-by-fours which form an arbor-like canopy a- bove the third back yard. Plastic sheeting is tacked between the beams. Machete Man glances back at Nico, starts out -- tightrope-style -- across the two-by-fours. Nico reaches the fence behind the hood, starts also onto the two-by-fours. We hear FEMALE SCREAMS from below as the rickety structure starts to wobble precariously. Machete Man reaches the far side. A fire escape is ad- jacent; he grabs for it, starts up. Nico catches him by the ankle. The two crash together back onto the two-by- fours, which give way, sending them plunging into --
91) 4) dialog: (to Nico, in terror)
91) 8) dialog: What money? Nico grabs him by the hair.
91) 11) dialog: I told ya!    No one! Nico slams him with a fierce shot to the ribs. The hood doubles over, gasping. The flower girls shriek even louder. Nico turns to the girls with a ferocious glare.
91) 13) text: Shut up! The girls instantly go silent in terror. Nico turns back to Machete Man, spins him violently face-down, jacking the punk's right arm straight out behind him. We see that Nico can break his elbow with one blow.
91) 16) dialog: Jimmy Constanza! Nico shoves the hood into the ground, tearing the hood's wallet from his trouser pocket. Nico rips the wallet a- part, seizes the kid's identification and holds it up. He grabs the punk by the hair with his free hand. Machete Man is staring up in terror, wondering what this means.
91) 18) dialog: Salvano!   Bautista Salvano! ABOVE THE LAW - Rev. 4/29/87                            5 Nico walks back, his foot smashes into the punk's face. He hits the ground with a thud.
106) 23) dialog: He run, mister. He go -- He gestures: "who knows where?"
168) 18) dialog: You can come now, Mr. Carlucci. O.S. we hear a METALLIC sound BEGIN, VERY CLOSE -- PULL
172) 14) text: BACK TO the apartment suite. Now another man crosses befo the gap in the curtains. Wearing a cowboy hat: Zagon! He's laughing, pouring himself a drink at the wet bar --