11) 0) text: Huge trays of Italian delicacies are carried out into the sunlight by several "old country"-type women. Wine is poured from generous carafes. Friends and relatives are everywhere, laughing and enjoying themselves; apparently the party has come here straight from the church. Present for the new baby are being opened by Nico's wife, Sara, and Nico's mother, ROSA.
11) 2) dialog: Nico had one just like this.   Thank you, Cora. Cora, an aunt, proudly smiles.
74) 0) text: Sara, holding Julian, slips into a pew. As Nico and Rosa follow, Father Genarro passes, heading for the front. ABOVE THE LAW - Rev. 4/29/87
74) 1) dialog: Father Genarro! I have you to thank for getting my son back into church!
74) 27) dialog: (in Italian)
98) 4) dialog: (to cops)
112) 8) dialog: I know about babies. We glimpse other relatives in the hallway; Nico hands the a pair of suitcases; they hurry off --
115) 0) text: Branca STARTS the SEDAN. Sara looks back, pained. Rosa, Lukich and Julian are also in the car. Nico grabs another hand-carried case from the basement, hurries into Lukich's car.
117) 0) text: Branca leads Nico, Sara, Rosa, Julian and Lukich down a corridor. Two older Italian women open a door leading to basement rec room.
164) 0) text: Rosa has pulled back the curtain from the second-floor be room window. She witnesses the arrival of the doctor. On the bed behind her sleep Sara and Julian. A bodyguard stands outside the bedroom door.
166) 0) text: A bodyguard tries to fend off the physical and verbal ass from Sara and Rosa. Sara carries Julian.
167) 3) dialog: (touching Nico's brow)
167) 4) text: Enough of your humor. Sara clings to Nico's arm, tears in her eyes. Rosa crosses herself. Sara begins to weep. The doctor finishes There's a long awkward moment. Then:
168) 0) text: Rosa sits in a chair. Nico on the couch, holding Julian. Sara faces him. Tears have stained her cheeks, but she is in control of her emotions now.
168) 2) dialog: Listen to her, Nicola. (dead serious) Whatever you think of him, Federico is family. He is our family. Nico makes no response.   Instead, he lifts Julian, nuzzl him tenderly.
171) 0) text: Passengers file aboard a flight to Toronto. Hugs, goodbye Rosa, carrying the baby, is among the crowd moving toward the boarding door. Leaving with them are two of Branca's men. We PICK OUT Branca and two of his bodyguards near th fringes, looking inobtrusive but definitely on guard. ABOVE THE LAW - Rev. 4/29/87                           92
184) 0) text: Nico, propped up on the couch, looking like hell, but de- finitely conscious and in full command of his faculties. Sara, Jackson, and Rosa beside him.
184) 11) text: The Judge nods to his stenographer, who swiftly sets up her equipment, takes a seat. Rosa makes a face at Branca, who rises, clearing a seat for the Judge. Sara moves in tight beside Nico.