10) 0) text: A baptism in progress. Nico -- 15 years older than when w last saw him, is standing beside SARA, his lovely wife -- watching a 60-ish priest, FATHER GENARRO, finish the final ritual on Nico's infant son Julian. The priest straightens the baby's baptismal garment, tugging the clo around the little fellow's crotch. Smiles from friends an relatives clustered proudly around. Several cops, some in uniform are amongst them. Nico grabs his son from Genarro with a theatrical protective motion, tugs up the little b garment, kisses him smack on the bare butt. Laughter from all as Nico holds the lad high and proud. He puts his arm around Sara.
11) 0) text: Huge trays of Italian delicacies are carried out into the sunlight by several "old country"-type women. Wine is poured from generous carafes. Friends and relatives are everywhere, laughing and enjoying themselves; apparently the party has come here straight from the church. Present for the new baby are being opened by Nico's wife, Sara, and Nico's mother, ROSA.
11) 1) dialog: Mama, look at this -- all done by hand. Sara lifts a cute baby outfit.
11) 5) dialog: (winking at the women) I carried him for the last nine months, you take him for the next diaper.
11) 8) text: Sara lets Nico struggle a moment, then takes over.
11) 9) dialog: My brave husband. He's not afraid of thieves and muggers, but he's terrified when his son poops in his pants. Toscani relatives look on with approval at the happy coup and their baby.
11) 27) dialog: Nico, will you let the woman catch her breath?
14) 0) text: Sara and another woman sit on the bed, comforting a 60-is grandmother Zingaro, who is crying. Nico comes in. He kneels before MRS. ZINGARO, concerned.
14) 3) dialog: It's Lucy.   She's gone again. Nico glances from Sara to Rosa. Mrs. Zingaro shakes her head, choked with pain. Nico holds her, looking over her shoulder toward Sara.
74) 0) text: Sara, holding Julian, slips into a pew. As Nico and Rosa follow, Father Genarro passes, heading for the front. ABOVE THE LAW - Rev. 4/29/87
74) 13) dialog: (examines Julian's diaper)
74) 25) dialog: (clutching baby)
76) 2) text: Sara, get the baby and Mama                        * outside. Nico starts for the altar where the damage is worst.
81) 0) text: Sits on a bench with a bandage over one eye. Sara and Julian are sleeping beside her. Nico kneels beside his mother, deeply concerned. Nico takes his mother's arm, helps her to her feet. ABOVE THE LAW - Rev. 4/29/87                        45. Sara wakes and picks up Julian. Mama knows Father Genarro has died. She begins sobbing softly. Other members of the congregation are in the hallway, mourning. Nico, with his family, takes several steps toward the exit. Suddenly Nico stops. He sees Agent Neeley entering (the FBI man wh ordered him off the case) accompanied by Lieutenant Stroz and two uniformed officers.
93) 6) dialog: Appears in a nightgown at the kitchen doorway.   She look frail, frightened. MUSIC ENDS.
93) 7) dialog: (softly)
94) 0) text: Nico comes in with his arms around Sara. She stops near the bed, holds him tight. They look to little Julian sleeping in the crib nearby.
94) 1) dialog: Thank God you couldn't find your shoes. We would of have been sitting in the front row. (beat)
94) 5) dialog: I'll bet that's her. Nico picks up the phone.
94) 9) text: It's bad, Nico. Nico glances to Sara. The voice on the   phone is not Jackson. Nico is chilled. He glances    to Sara, finger t his lips. He points to his bare wrist   as if wanting to the exact time. Sara, not sure what's   going on, mouths: "Two-fifteen."
95) 9) dialog: (grim)
95) 11) dialog: (very concerned)
96) 0) text: Sara is sleeping next to Nico. Julian next to her. A LOUD POUNDING comes O.S. from the front door. Nico jumps out of bed. His gun appears in his hand, as if from nowhe he steps quickly to the front window, looks out --
98) 0) text: JULIAN BAWLS fearfully; Sara holds him, trembling. Nico is hurriedly getting dressed. A cop and the FBI agents stand at the door.
98) 1) dialog: (to cops; distraught)
98) 6) dialog: Why are you terrifying us? There's an infant here! Nico pulls on a jacket. He looks like he could kill.    H restrains himself for his family's sake.
98) 8) text: Check that coat. The cops cross to frisk Nico.   Sara, still holding the b starts slapping at them.
98) 9) dialog: Get your hands off him! Rosa grabs Sara --
98) 11) text: It's all a mistake, Sara -- It's                      * gonna be all right. The cops steer Nico toward the door.
98) 12) dialog: (calls after them)
98) 13) text: The Police Association's got lawyers for this, you bastards! ABOVE THE LAW - Rev. 4/29/87                            5 Sara grabs for the phone; Nico is manhandled out the door --
103) 0) text: Sara on the phone.
103) 1) dialog: Where are you? Why aren't you                       * coming home?                                        *
111) 0) text: The PHONE RINGS next to Lukich. Sara starts towards it. Lukich stops her with a look; he picks up the phone.
112) 0) text: Sara grabs a handful of dresses from the closet and angri throws them into an open suitcase on the bed. Nico watche hoping to ride the storm. ABOVE THE LAW - Rev. 4/29/87                          67.
112) 1) dialog: Your job and your family in one day, Nico. You're batting a thousand.
112) 3) text: Sara...                                               * Sara is at the dresser, pulling open drawers, dumping her clothes haphazardly into the suitcase. She stops suddenly She pulls out a handgun and ammo from her panty drawer. S starts to weep. Nico steps up behind her, puts his arms around her.
112) 6) dialog: (no longer angry)
112) 9) dialog: (of Nico's bloodied shirt)
112) 12) dialog: (trying to lighten up)
112) 14) text: We needed a vacation, anyway. Sara takes her suitcase, hurries out --
113) 2) text: I'll give you five minutes start.    We have to do it this way. They get their suitcases into the sedan. Mama and the bab are already aboard. Sara gets into the passenger seat. Lukich comes around from the front, glancing around like lookout.
115) 0) text: Branca STARTS the SEDAN. Sara looks back, pained. Rosa, Lukich and Julian are also in the car. Nico grabs another hand-carried case from the basement, hurries into Lukich's car.
117) 0) text: Branca leads Nico, Sara, Rosa, Julian and Lukich down a corridor. Two older Italian women open a door leading to basement rec room.
164) 0) text: Rosa has pulled back the curtain from the second-floor be room window. She witnesses the arrival of the doctor. On the bed behind her sleep Sara and Julian. A bodyguard stands outside the bedroom door.
166) 0) text: A bodyguard tries to fend off the physical and verbal ass from Sara and Rosa. Sara carries Julian.
167) 0) text: Sara rushes to Nico's side.    Nico reaches for her, but the pain stabs him.
167) 1) dialog: Oh my God, Nico!                                       * Rosa starts forward, her face in agony at the sight of he wounded son.
167) 4) text: Enough of your humor. Sara clings to Nico's arm, tears in her eyes. Rosa crosses herself. Sara begins to weep. The doctor finishes There's a long awkward moment. Then:
168) 0) text: Rosa sits in a chair. Nico on the couch, holding Julian. Sara faces him. Tears have stained her cheeks, but she is in control of her emotions now.
168) 1) dialog: -- You've got to do it, Nico.    You know you have to. Whatever Sara is proposing, Nico is dead set against it. ABOVE THE LAW - Rev. 4/29/87                         88.
168) 4) dialog: If you won't go to him, I will.
168) 6) dialog: Branca can put us on a plane -- but where can we fly to? Tibet? The moon? There's nowhere they can't find us.
168) 8) dialog: I'm talking about everything I've learned from you in the past five years. Nico is in agony.
168) 10) dialog: Do you know why I love you? Do you know what it is about you that I've always loved? (as Nico fights his own emotion)
168) 11) text: Pride. It's what you have inside. You don't live the way other people live. You trust what you see as right and won't let anyone or anything make you stray from it. ABOVE THE LAW - Rev. 4/29/87                           88 MOVE IN PAST Sara TO Nico's face.
168) 12) dialog: But now that pride may kill all of us. (beat)
184) 0) text: Nico, propped up on the couch, looking like hell, but de- finitely conscious and in full command of his faculties. Sara, Jackson, and Rosa beside him.
184) 11) text: The Judge nods to his stenographer, who swiftly sets up her equipment, takes a seat. Rosa makes a face at Branca, who rises, clearing a seat for the Judge. Sara moves in tight beside Nico.
184) 13) text: Nico glances to Sara, to the supporting faces around him. Lukich. Neeley. Strozah. Jackson. The others.