5) 6) dialog: Hey Doris, you got any cream?
5) 7) text: DORIS THE BARTENDER wanders over with a small container. starts to pour... Empty. We quickly STEADICAM AROUND to r BERNIE LOOTZ's features for the first time. His sad sack  eyes register scant surprise at the empty cream container
5) 8) dialog: Forget it.
5) 11) text: A sheepish look comes over Bernie. He tries to catch her  eye. She doesn't even glance at him.
5) 12) dialog: Hi, Natalie.
5) 15) dialog: Bernie.
5) 20) dialog: If I see Shelly, I'll let him know.  That you're looking for him.
5) 21) text: Natalie grabs up her tray. Doesn't even look at Bernie.
5) 25) dialog: (staring after Natalie) Nah, it's okay.
6) 0) text: Bernie limps away from the bar. We hear another spike of  sound from the gaming area. As he approaches, a FLOORMAN  stops him.
6) 2) dialog: (nods) Uh... Let's do the Chivas Regal.  Have that... Natalie bring it over.  The one working nickel slots next to  the Paradise. I spoke to Shelly  earlier, he wants her at the tables.
6) 3) text: The floorman nods, walks off. Bernie makes for the rowdy  gaming tables. Takes his time about it. His approach brin an ill-wind to the area. The players appear to sense it. It's in their reactions. A slight hesitation of the dice. Fingers tensing over a pile of chips. A hand tugging at a tie. The Cooler has arrived. As he reaches table eleven, Natalie intercepts him with a short glass of Chivas Regal.
6) 5) dialog: (takes it from her) Thanks.
6) 7) text: Bernie just smiles at her.
6) 9) text: She offers up a smile. It jump-starts those dormant eyes. Her whole face comes alive. Notches her up from an eight a ten. Bernie immediately glances away. He's afraid what might read in his gaze.
6) 10) dialog: Don't mention it.
6) 11) text: Bernie gestures her over to table eleven. Immediately mak the HIGH ROLLER in question. A good old boy named BULLDOG He's the one boasting loudly as he shakes the dice with o hand.
6) 13) text: Bernie grabs the drink from Natalie's tray, intentionally bumps Bulldog...
6) 14) dialog: Hey, buddy, is this your drink?
6) 20) text: The croupiers hungrily devour the chips from the table. Bernie moves on quietly before anyone notices. But he's been noticed all right. By Natalie. Not quite su what she's just witnessed. Who is this guy? We hear a VOICE over the intercom.
6) 22) text: Bernie reacts immediately to the code words over the spea
6) 23) dialog: (to himself) Yeah, yeah, I'm comin'...
7) 0) text: A -- a player makes a hard six at a craps table. The play howl... B -- from the same angle we PAN UP from losing dice to th same guy. Bernie looming large in the background.
8) 0) text: A -- Bernie taking a seat at another blackjack table. Nex to him, a full table of players on a good run of cards. B -- The same table with less players as the dealer appea to be gaining an edge over the players. The only thing fi up are ashtrays. C -- Same again, with one player. This time with Natalie  watching in the background. Intrigued. QUICK JUMP CUTS sh the player's mountain of chips going down until there is  only one. D -- The dealer taps the felt for the man to bet his last chip. After a moment of indecision he flips the chip into the air...
9) 0) text: ...the chip becoming an Alka-Seltzer dropping into a glas The glass is in SHELLY KAPLOW's hand. Director of Casino  Operations for the Shangri-la. Late 40's-early 50's. Distinguished, slick, oozing charm. But lose the Cartier, Armani and Paco Raban and you're looking at pure street. He's watching Bernie through the two-way glass. Shakes hi head in admiration. Suddenly the office door swings open. THREE MEN stride in Shelly projects immediate deference to NICKY "FINGERS"  BONNATTO. Mid-50's. Former Geovassi family underboss from "back east." The guy's a relic from the days before MBAs  became the weapon of choice in the "family" business. He  wears his corporate makeover like a bad coat of paint wit traces of Mulberry Street primer showing through. Nicky's accompanied by a pair of CORPORATE TYPES in Hugo  Boss threads. Shelly glances their way with a look that  suggests he's working himself into a full-on sphincter wi up. Bad news x2. Shelly's muscle, LOU stands off to one s with an apologetic expression.
11) 0) text: Bernie makes his way across the casino floor, when he's  intercepted by Shelly.
11) 2) dialog: I was just heading over to --
11) 4) text: Shelly escorts Bernie over to a nearby bar area. The BART zips over with some drinks.
11) 6) text: Bernie shrugs. Natalie steps up to the bar a few feet awa Puts in a drink order. She catches Bernie's eye. Nods. Bernie smiles.
11) 8) dialog: (stealing glances at  Natalie) I told you, I'm not gonna be around  after Sunday.
11) 10) dialog: (sighs) Seven days, Shelly. Seven days and  I'm out from under.
11) 15) text: She takes off. At the same time Natalie leaves with her d order. They walk in the same direction. Shelly mistakes  Bernie's wandering look for interest in the hooker.
11) 17) text: Bernie just stares after Natalie, Shelly finally picking on it.
11) 18) dialog: Things are getting hot on fourteen.  I gotta go.
12) 0) text: Bernie's 1958 Buick Electra pulls into the parking lot of flea-bag motel. Next door to the motel, we see a convenie store with the name, THE EZ MARK in pink glowing neon. It actually supposed to read: The EZ MARKET, but the last tw letters of "Market" have burned out.
13) 0) text: One of those center pool style motels. A hard luck oasis, ever there was one. As Bernie limps toward his room, his neighbor, a low rent HOOKER, approaches from the opposite end of the courtyard with a huge-ass JOHN in tow. They converge at their doors at the same time. There's a  weariness about the hooker that's endemic to this town. S winks at Bernie. He nods at her. Then casts a furtive gla over at the John. The man flips him off. The hooker mouth "Sorry." Bernie hastily enters his apartment.
14) 0) text: Bernie flips on the light. A dim overhead bulb hardly mak a dent in the gloomy surroundings. Typical drab motel  furnishings. We notice a couple of dead plants on the radiator next to the window. A single place setting on the counter. Someth odd: an empty cat food bowl on the kitchenette floor. No  sign of a cat. Go figure. Bernie heads over to the dresser. A half-filled bottle of gin rests next to a lone glass with a crack down the side He pours himself a shot. Turns on the TV. A religious cha Shitty reception.
14) 3) text: Bernie closes his eyes, tries to ignore the X-rated sound coming at him through the carpaccio thin walls. The hooker's moans are starting to get to him. He raises fist to the wall, then stops himself. He's just not the  confrontational type. Instead, he heads over to the TV, cranks the volume up. T hysterical moaning from the snake ritual now blends in wi the grunting and groaning from next door, making for a bi remix that could only exist in the world of Bernie Lootz. Bernie emits a deep sigh, closes his eyes.
15) 4) text: Natalie shudders in disgust. She spins around to leave... runs smack into Bernie, spilling her tray of drinks on hi
15) 6) text: Bernie wipes himself off, helps her pick up the pieces.
15) 7) dialog: It's all right. Happens.
15) 10) dialog: S'okay. You might want to stick  around.
15) 11) text: Bernie wiggles his way next to Pinkerton. He gives the  stickman a certain look.
15) 14) text: Bernie just watches as Pinkerton throws the dice.
15) 23) text: Just as the stickman feeds Pinkerton the dice, Bernie fli a dollar chip over toward the center of the table. Natali peers between them to catch a glimpse.
15) 24) dialog: Dollar hard eight.
15) 39) text: Pinkerton starts to lose it. Security moves in, right on  time. Natalie shoots Bernie a satisfied look. He averts h eyes shyly and limps away. She stares after him for a mom
20) 0) text: Bernie weaves his way through the lot to his car. Arrivin at his Buick, he's startled to find Natalie leaning again it. She holds up the $100 chip the drunk tipped her.
20) 2) text: Off of Bernie's surprised expression...
21) 0) text: Cheesy Polynesian decor. Mood lighting = an excuse to kee the electric down. Basically, a joint where people come t lose themselves. Natalie and Bernie are seated in a booth near the back. S sips on an umbrella drink; he's nursing his usual gin. Natalie has an astrological chart in front of her. In bet sips, she makes annotations to the chart.
21) 2) dialog: No... I just know what the outcome's  going to be.
21) 4) dialog: The outcome won't change with me.  It'll be all bad.
21) 6) dialog: (deadpan) You had your chart done.
21) 8) dialog: Do you know what I do at the Shangri- la?
21) 10) dialog: And do you know how I do that?
21) 12) dialog: I do it by being myself. People get  next to me and their luck turns.  It's always been that way.
21) 14) text: Bernie maintains eye contact with Natalie for an extended beat. Then drops his head, gazes at his glass.
21) 15) dialog: I don't know about you, but I'm real  tired.
21) 16) text: Natalie nods. Bernie motions to stand. Natalie just remai seated. Keeps talking.
21) 18) dialog: (not even sure why  he's telling her  this) I only got six more days. Well, almost  five really. Then I'll be leaving  town.
21) 20) text: Natalie covers Bernie's hand with hers.
21) 22) dialog: (completely caught  off-guard) I, uh... If this is... I don't know...  I don't know if I can afford...
21) 24) dialog: Oh god... I'm so sorry... I didn't  mean... You see -- that's exactly  what I'm talking about. I've gone  and "cooled" the damn table.
22) 0) text: Natalie's hand flips on the television. Another bizarre  religious service. We pull back from the screen as she tr to change the channel. Just gets a whole lot of static. Bernie's standing uncomfortably in the middle of the room
22) 2) dialog: I'm not here that much. Drink? Sorry,  all I got's gin.
22) 4) text: Bernie walks over to the dresser, pours himself a shot. Natalie glances around. She notices Bernie's dead plants.
22) 6) text: Her eyes land on the empty cat bowl. She's about to say  something, when she picks up on Bernie's expression. Let' not even go there. She gestures to an old record player i the corner.
22) 8) text: Bernie opens one of the kitchenette cupboards. Bare shelv except for a lone RECORD up on top. He brings it down. It a Sinatra album. Never been opened. Natalie looks on as Bernie meticulously removes the recor from its sleeve. He blows a few particles of dust from it surface. Then delicately lays it on the turntable. The wa he goes about this is incredibly ceremonious. With as muc care as given to disarming a nuclear weapon. Natalie can't help but smile. Bernie lowers the needle to the first cut of the record. Everything seems to be going so well, until... SKREEEEEE! The needle skids across the surface of the rec with a sound worse than chalk on a blackboard. Bernie opens his mouth in a silent grimace... and a delic laugh comes out. It's Natalie's laugh. Talk about a tension breaker. Berni turns to her, shrugs. He tries again. This time the needl catches... and Sinatra takes command of the room. He's si "This Town," a finger snapping upbeat Valentine to Vegas. Marred only by a slight clicking caused by the scratch. Natalie summons Bernie over with her wagging forefinger. picks up his glass, shuffles over.
22) 10) dialog: This is not my first --
22) 12) text: She starts massaging his shoulders, eliciting involuntary moans from him. Bernie is almost in tears. Nobody's touch him like this in years. And it shows. Natalie takes Bernie's glass, gulps down the remains hers then sets it on the floor. She drops down next to Bernie. Starts kissing him. Takes it slow.
22) 14) text: They fall back onto the mattress. Natalie taking the reig maneuvering her hips, kicking off her panties... Bernie gets an eyeful of a tattoo on her butt. A pair of  dice. Both twos. In seconds, Natalie has separated Bernie from his pants a underwear, taking him inside of her, Ol' Blue Eyes keepin the rhythm... Natalie moans uninhibitedly. Surprise: she's a real screa Moments later, we hear banging from the hooker's side of wall. Some John telling them to keep it down. Bernie, with tears of elation in his eyes, thrusts away a Natalie... for all of thirty seconds, before he explodes, convulsing in her arms with a stifled gasp. Frank winds down "This Town" a few seconds later. Poor Be he didn't even make it through the song.
22) 15) dialog: Sorry...
22) 18) text: Bernie rests his head on her breasts. Closes his eyes. We hold on him. A few seconds pass... and he breaks into a s Fade to black.
23) 0) text: TIGHT on Bernie sleeping. He still has that goofy smile o his lips. A beat or two later, he opens his eyes. We PULL BACK to reveal that he's alone in the bed. No sign of Nat Bernie turns to the pillow next to him, buries his face i it. Takes a deep breath. Moans at her scent. Ambrosia. He still has his face in the pillow, sucking in deep breaths when Natalie steps out of the bathroom. Big smile.
23) 2) text: Bernie just looks up at her; replay on the goofy smile. Heaven.
23) 3) dialog: -- I did six months at Rikers for  running numbers. It was Shelly's  thing, but I took the rap for it.
24) 0) text: Bernie and Natalie sit eating breakfast.
24) 1) dialog: After I get out, I call up Shelly  and he tells me to come out here. I  figure he's going to set me up good  at the Shangri-la. But he tells me  they got all these rules about casinos  employing felons. So he gets me this  gig doing telemarketing for one of  their fronts -- trying to scam  pensioners out of their retirement  money. I lasted two weeks.
24) 2) text: As Bernie talks, Natalie spies a very PREGNANT GIRL (20's coming out of the restroom. Her eyes follow the girl back a table where a YOUNG MAN (20's) waits on her.
24) 3) dialog: Already, I was getting in deep.  Finally it got so bad, I had to beg  Shelly to take on my markers around  town. That just bought me more time  to keep losing. I put Shelly in an  awkward position. I understand why  he did what he did. (taps his knee)
24) 5) dialog: Baseball bat. (off her cringing  expression) I got off easy.
24) 7) dialog: I was out of control.
24) 9) dialog: Let me tell you something. I'm  grateful for what he did. (off her stunned look) No kidding. Every time I get an urge  to play off the clock -- to so much  as drop a quarter in a slot -- I  reach down and squeeze what's left  of my cartilage. It's one helluva  reminder.
24) 11) text: Bernie holds her gaze her for a moment.
24) 12) dialog: Anyway, Shelly and I worked out a  payment plan. Two years off the books  at the Shangri-la, cooling tables.  Five more days and I walk.
24) 15) text: The young man at the table rushes her to her feet, escort her toward the exit in a dramatic fashion. All this witho paying the bill. As they pass by Bernie and Natalie's table, the girl trip over Natalie's purse. Bernie quickly helps her up. That's when he notices the young man...
24) 16) dialog: (shocked) Mikey?
24) 18) text: There's a quick moment of confusion. Bernie feels a bit t by it all.
25) 0) text: Bernie accompanies them out to their car at a quick step. Once out the door, the girl's contractions appear to have subsided. Natalie walks with the girl to try and help.
25) 2) text: Bernie pulls Mikey aside.
25) 3) dialog: Mikey? Is that...? You're not the...
25) 6) dialog: This you?
25) 8) dialog: How's your mom doing?
25) 10) text: Bernie nods. He gazes past Mikey to the girl.
25) 15) dialog: So, you're in town...?
25) 17) dialog: If you want, stop by the Lucky Star  Motel. Give us a chance to catch up.  I'm on three to eleven shift at the  Shangri-la. I work the floor.
25) 20) text: Mikey helps Charlene into the front passenger seat. They  drive off. Natalie looks to Bernie. She's curious, but do ask. He appears thankful for that.
26) 0) text: CLOSE on a skyline of black chips neatly positioned on th felt. We see the owner of the chips strike a match. His l one. It fizzles out quickly. TILT UP to the PLAYER'S FACE with an unlit cigarette hanging from his lips. A hand quickly reaches in, lights the cigarette with a Zi PULL BACK to reveal Bernie.
26) 2) dialog: Don't mention it.
26) 3) text: Bernie sits at the table.
26) 5) text: Bernie peels off a hundred from his billfold. Lays it on felt.
26) 8) dialog: Just wanna play one hand. Feeling  lucky tonight. I got this voice in  my head, says this is the table...
26) 10) dialog: (touching him) Hey, heard the one about the fella  walks into a bar and says, "Hey, who  owns that big great dane outside?" A  man at the end of the bar raises his  hand. "I do." The fella says, "Yeah?  Well, my dog just killed it."
26) 12) dialog: "Whaddya mean your dog just killed  my great dane? What kinda dog you  have?" The fella just shrugs and  says, "A chihuahua." "You tellin' me  your chihuahua just killed my great  dane? How?" (a beat) "I dunno," the fella says, "I think  he got stuck in his throat."
26) 13) text: Bernie starts laughing. The player is less than tickled. Just then the dealer interrupts them.
26) 17) text: The player waves off the insurance, as does Bernie. The d checks. Nothing. As the hand plays through the dealer bus out. Bernie glances over at the dealer. What the hell? Be places his chips again.
26) 19) dialog: (agitated; to dealer) Keep going.
26) 20) text: The dealer plays. Bernie and the high roller win again. Bernie glances around him uncomfortably. We see Shelly  approaching. Shelly just has a nose for when things aren' running smoothly. Larry is lurking behind him. The dealer turns up some cards. And again, Bernie and the high roller win. Bernie looks absolutely perturbed. Shell gestures something with his head. Bernie cashes out.
26) 22) text: Bernie strolls over to Shelly. Shelly guides him away fro the table under Larry's watchful eye.
26) 24) text: Bernie shrugs, still confused.
26) 26) text: Bernie shakes his head. Larry sidles over.
26) 38) text: Shelly looks to Bernie. You believe this mook? Larry extr a CD from his jacket...
27) 0) text: Shelly, Larry and Bernie following behind Morrie as he ha leads them down a hallway of the Shangri-la's best suites They arrive at an open door, the sound of a TELEVISION  beckoning them inside...
28) 0) text: Starting on the TV set: "Lost Horizon" (1937) is playing. It's the scene where Robert Conway (Ronald Coleman), his  brother and Maria are leaving the lost city in the end. Conway looks back for one last tearful view of paradise. PANNING OFF THE SCREEN to a pair of naked feet on the flo next to the bed... revealing Buddy slumped against the si of the mattress... a hypodermic needle protruding from hi arm. Death glaze fixated on the screen. Bernie slumps back against the wall. Catches his breath. Shelly just stares at Buddy, a slight tremor of grief  threatening his granite features. He glances over at Larr who takes in Buddy's deathly repose without a hint of emo Larry meets Shelly's eye with a subtle smirk of one-upman An incendiary beat passes between them. Then...
28) 5) text: Shelly and Larry exchange looks again. Bernie picks up on it. The tension in the room threatens nuclear fission. A  loud ANIMAL ROAR reverberates on the soundtrack... accompanied by jungle-like percussion... as we CUT TO:
30) 0) text: Bernie and Natalie wander around the midway. A middle-age WORKER at the ring toss booth gets her attention.
30) 2) text: Natalie drags Bernie over. She pays her money and the wor hands her the rings. Natalie throws, and misses all eight The man pats her on the shoulder.
30) 4) text: Natalie is about to take him up on it, when she catches  Bernie's eye. His look suggests she's being played for a  sucker. She decides against it. They walk off down the midway. Bernie chuckles to himself
30) 6) dialog: Nothing.
30) 8) dialog: Nothing. You're just an easy mark,  is all.
30) 10) dialog: Yeah. Easy mark. You never heard  that term?
30) 12) dialog: When we were kids, Shelly and me, we  used to work Coney Island during the  summer. When a guy would walk up and  seemed eager to open his wallet, we  would always mark him with chalk.  We'd pat him on the back or arm with  the chalk. Like, 'Hey buddy, good  job!' (pats Natalie) Meanwhile, he had no clue the other  guys saw him coming a mile away.  Easy mark.
30) 13) text: Natalie looks down at her shoulder where the man patted h She brushes it for effect. Bernie smiles. They take a sea at the end of the midway. Natalie locks onto a little toe-headed BOY being dragged  around by his OLDER BROTHER and the brother's FRIEND. The kid has a glazed look in his eyes. Natalie fixates on the boy with a haunted expression. Ber picks up on it.
30) 14) dialog: You OK?
30) 16) dialog: (are you kidding?!) Little Joe.
30) 20) dialog: You know, you don't have to tell me  this.
30) 22) text: She tears her eyes away from Bernie. Bernie can't believe what he's hearing. That she wants to be invested in him. What could be so bad?
30) 24) text: She lowers her soda. Turns to Bernie. He studies her for lengthy beat, stoic features. She wipes away her tears. O well, that's that. Bernie stands up. Looks around... focu on the arcade clock. It reads 1:40 a.m. He turns to her..
30) 25) dialog: So, you wanna go try your hand at  the dime pitch? It's early still.
31) 0) text: Bernie and Natalie making love. Slow, tender. Natalie doe make with the "Oh yeah, baby, you're doing great"  encouragement. Just some low key moans. Bernie doesn't co too soon either. He outlasts Sinatra through several cuts In contrast, we hear the hooker and her John howling away through the walls. An escalating ostinato of "Oh Baby's." Until Natalie reaches behind her and raps her fist agains the wall. Big smile from both of them.
32) 0) text: Bernie and Natalie returning from breakfast in Bernie's B Bernie can't find a parking spot. Natalie climbs out, hea for the room. Natalie arrives at the room. She's about to stab the key the lock, when she realizes the door is ajar. She hesitat for a moment, then pushes it open...
33) 13) text: He drops the chip down Natalie's cleavage. Natalie still  doesn't react. Mikey reaches up, starts caressing her fac She flinches. Right then, the door swings open. Bernie en Mikey snaps his fingers and a rose appears in his hand. H extends it to Natalie. She ignores the gesture, steps asi
33) 14) dialog: Mikey...
33) 16) dialog: Yeah... I figured you'd call ahead.  We were out at breakfast.
33) 21) text: Bernie scratches his head, thinks on it for a moment or t Then heads over to the kitchenette cupboard. Pulls down a coffee can. Extracts a thick wad of bills. Hands them ove to Mikey.
33) 22) dialog: There's about three grand there.  That's all I got.
33) 25) text: Bernie seems quite moved by it all.
33) 27) dialog: I don't think... I don't want anything  to hap...
33) 29) text: She places Bernie's hand over her stomach.
33) 31) dialog: (not sure) I don't know... I think so...
33) 34) text: Charlene kisses Bernie on the cheek. He blushes.
33) 36) dialog: Mikey...
33) 38) dialog: You're not going to try anything  stupid while you're in town?
33) 40) dialog: You mess up and they'll cut you no  slack. That's all I'm saying. You  got a kid to think about.
33) 41) text: Mikey nods, backs out of the room. Charlene giggles. They disappear into the parking lot. Natalie emerges from the  bathroom. She lights up a cigarette, just stares at him a if to say: sucker. Bernie shrugs.
35) 3) text: Only now do we see Bernie has arrived to cool the table o its hot shooter -- A LOUD, pudgy, overdressed SUBURBANITE Shelly eyes Bernie.
35) 6) text: Shelly signals Bernie to back off. Bernie steps back. Shelly, Larry and Marty head for the restaurant. Nicky qu slaps down some green. The stickman slides the dice over to the suburbanite who shooting. He scuttles the dice. They bounce up over the r and spike Nicky on the forehead before dropping back on t felt. The players chuckle.
35) 43) text: Nicky catches himself. He looks at Shelly for a beat. There's an unspoken understanding between them. "The good old days." We see Bernie in the b.g., looking more than a bit shocked.
36) 0) text: Bernie seated with Natalie.
36) 1) dialog: This town... You know, Natalie, all  I want to do is go some place where  I can tell day from night. Where  they got clocks on the wall. I can't  breathe around here no more. Four  days and I'm gone. I'm not even sure  I can hold out that long.
36) 3) dialog: A week ago, I didn't remember what  it was like to have a woman's hands  on me. I'm still pinching myself,  expecting to wake-up from... (just blurts it out) Come with me, Natalie. I want you to  come with me.
36) 5) dialog: I'm sorry. I didn't mean to spring  that on you.
36) 7) text: Bernie's look: Why?
36) 9) dialog: So, what's the problem?
36) 11) text: Bernie's expression: Oh.
36) 13) dialog: Natalie... I can't... Not another  year. Not another week.
36) 14) text: A somber mood falls on the table. Bernie reaches for Nata hand. Instead, he knocks the salt over. It spills out in  front of them.
36) 15) dialog: I think... we probably shouldn't see  each other anymore.
36) 17) dialog: (a long beat) Because if I spend one more night in  your arms, I'm not going anywhere.
36) 19) text: Bernie just stares at her, shrouded in sadness. Natalie s out her cigarette, rises.
36) 21) text: Bernie casts his eyes to the mound of spilled salt in fro of him. Nods. A few beats later he raises his head...
36) 22) dialog: Natalie, don't...
36) 25) dialog: (nods) I think you better bring me the  bottle. Please.
37) 0) text: Once again, we see Bernie's feet limp across the casino f He walks up to the bar, asks for a cup of coffee. Doris brings it over. Short on the cream again. He just sips it black. Gloom and doom features. Life suck His master's VOICE sounds over the intercom:
37) 2) text: Bernie looks to Doris. Sighs. Only three more days.
38) 0) text: He heads for the crap tables, the sound of raucous CHEERI becomes audible. A large crowd starting to gather. Bernie noodles his way to the front of the crowd. As soon he gets a look at the heavy hitter at the table, he tense up. Oh shit. It's MIKEY. With Charlene. Charlene is making one hell of racket. Playing up her extremely maternal state. Just then Natalie sidles up to Bernie with the Chivas Reg Without thinking about it, he grabs the glass off the tra downs it in a single gulp.
38) 10) text: Mikey is paid nine thousand by the croupier, as is Charle Bernie stands frozen. He doesn't bother trying to get any closer to the table. He knows it'll do no good.
38) 14) text: Another nine grand. Mikey's rail is nearly full. Charlene hops around awkwardly causing more distraction. Bernie is really sweating it out now. Then Shelly arrives Larry is hot on his tail.
38) 16) dialog: Eighteen thousand since I stepped  up. I'm sorry, Shelly, I guess I've  been hit and miss lately.
38) 33) text: Security (Tony and Lou) corrals the couple. Leads them aw Bernie watches as they pass by. Mikey looks into Bernie's eyes. They both know he's been made. Natalie doesn't say  anything, just looks at Bernie.
39) 0) text: Slot machines everywhere -- some on the way out, some on way in. Crates of casino supplies. Bernie rushes in with Natalie behind him. Heading for an  aural beacon of BLOWS landing on flesh... GRUNTING,  PLEADING... ...arriving to find Tony and Lou kicking the shit out of  Mikey on the floor. Charlene lies clutching her belly a f feet away. Shelly swings a baseball bat, warming up for s blood sport. Larry watches from the sidelines -- at once  appalled and enthralled.
39) 2) text: Bernie rushes over to Shelly...
39) 3) dialog: Shelly, stop them! Don't do this!
39) 5) dialog: It's got everything to do with me.  He's my son.
39) 8) dialog: I said, he's my --
39) 10) text: Shelly smashes Mikey across the shoulder with the bat. AARRRGGGGHHH!!! Shelly raises the bat to cream Mikey agai Bernie grabs Shelly's arm. Shelly shoves him back. Raises the bat again...
39) 12) dialog: Shelly, don't you fucking do it!
39) 13) text: Shelly freezes. He lowers the bat, throws it aside. Grabs Bernie by his collar...
39) 15) dialog: NO! God, no! I didn't know nothing  about it.
39) 16) text: Shelly releases Bernie. There's a strange look in Shelly' eye. We see the wheels turning...
39) 18) text: Bernie sees where Shelly's going with this. We can almost hear the cell door slamming in his head.
39) 20) text: Bernie glances over at Natalie. She has tears in her eyes He looks to Shelly pleadingly. Please don't do this...
39) 22) dialog: Shelly, they didn't get away with  the money... You didn't lose  anything...
39) 24) dialog: Oh Jesus... Yes! All right. It's on  me. 150 G's.
39) 27) dialog: Shelly, please help her. That's my  grandson...
39) 33) dialog: Jesus NOOOOO!!!
39) 34) text: Even Shelly's goons can't believe what they've just witne Larry is aghast. Bernie rushes Shelly, starts raining blo on him. Shelly swats him off. He drops down next to the  squirming girl, rips her sweater and blouse up over her  stomach... ...to reveal a mound of fake padding. He tears the paddin away from her, throws it at Bernie.
39) 36) text: The muscle start laughing it up. Relief. Larry emits a ne giggle. Natalie's jaw hits the floor. Bernie takes a step back. He's about to go into serious shock. Charlene curls over, sobbing.
39) 38) text: Bernie looks over at Mikey. He stares up at his father,  trembling.
39) 40) text: Bernie holds his son's gaze for a beat. He's almost tempt to... He just shrugs and nods at Shelly.
39) 41) dialog: It's on me.
39) 43) text: ON NATALIE at that moment. We can tell she agrees with  Shelly... but thinks all the more of Bernie for it. That  might even be love in her eyes. Shelly snatches his baseball bat up off the floor. Walks  over to Mikey, and brings it down full force, pulverizing Mikey's left kneecap. Oh man, the scream...
39) 44) dialog: What are you doing?! I thought we  had --
39) 52) text: Shelly turns his back on her. Charlene starts sobbing rel They're not going to hurt her. It's going to be all right Wrong. Shelly throws the bat to Lou. The heavy steps up t the plate (as we RACK FOCUS to Shelly walking away) --  CRUNCH!!! followed by the girl's SHRIEKS. Natalie buries head in Bernie's shoulder.
40) 0) text: Bernie's seated on the edge of his bed, drowning his sorr with a bottle of gin. Moonlight paints him in jail bars o shadow. Natalie lingers in the b.g.
40) 1) dialog: I did this to myself. I planted the  seed. When Angela took off with Mikey,  I didn't... I never made an effort  to get back in his life. I figured,  the kid don't need a loser for a  father. Now it's all come full circle.  I give him the money, I open the  door to all this... I musta had it  coming. Payback.
40) 2) text: Natalie's hand lowers the needle onto the Sinatra record. "Nice 'n' Easy" starts up. She walks over to Bernie, takes the bottle away. Helps hi to his feet. He gives himself over to her reassuring embrace. Natalie  raises Bernie's face to her's.
40) 4) text: Bernie shakes his head. It's too late for that now.
41) 0) text: Natalie staring up at the ceiling, Bernie nuzzled against her. Her features appear softer than ever. Luminous in th moonlight. Realization moist in her eyes.
41) 4) text: Bernie tenses up. Huh?
41) 6) text: Bernie raises his head, not quite sure he heard her right Natalie sits up, hugs her knees. Bernie finds himself sta at her back.
41) 8) text: Bernie reaches out, caresses her back. She emits a shiver
41) 10) text: Bernie pulls Natalie back toward him.
41) 11) dialog: It won't make any difference, Natalie.  Whatever you come clean about, I'm  not gonna feel any different about  you. I'd say the words, but with my  luck...
41) 13) dialog: (a beat) I love you, Natalie.
41) 14) text: Natalie smothers her lips against Bernie's. He enshrouds in his arms. Fade out...
42) 0) text: Fade into SOFT FOCUS. Slowing taking form... A CAT'S FACE seen in extreme close-up. WIDER -- to reveal the cat resting on Bernie's chest. She MEOWS as he stirs awake. He's stunned to see her there.
42) 1) dialog: Trixie?
42) 2) text: The cat jumps off his chest and slinks over to her empty  food bowl. Meows again. Bernie breaks into a wide smile.
42) 3) dialog: Trix. You came back.
42) 4) text: Bernie shields his eyes from the bright sunlight streamin in through the blinds. Huh? This is a first for him. He's never gotten direct sunlight in his room before. What's t deal? Did the world just turn on its axis? He glances over his shoulder... No Natalie. Just her  impression in the sheets. And a note on her pillow. For a moment his heart stops. He conjures up the worst. Grabs u the note, unfolds it. We see a lipstick kiss and the words: HAVE A SPECTACULAR 
43) 0) text: CLOSE-UP: Trixie eating some tuna out of her bowl. We hea the record player needle drop on "Luck Be A Lady." Cut to Bernie's feet gliding around the room... PAN UP to Bernie dancing with himself. He's positively aglow. He snatches a salt shaker and sings along with Sinatra. It's true --  love makes the world go around. It obviously also gives l to dead plants, as evidenced by the small bulb that has s up overnight above his radiator. But we won't dwell on th
44) 0) text: Bernie struts into the casino a changed man (still to the tune of "Luck Be a Lady"). Even his limp seems less prono as he greets fellow workers as they pass. He catches a glimpse of himself in a wall mirror. Maybe f the first time, he likes what he sees. In the reflection notices Natalie smiling at him. He meets her eyes. She av them quickly, keeps walking.
45) 0) text: Shelly watches Bernie from the video monitor. He appears  less than delighted over Bernie's sunny disposition. He p up the phone, dials.
46) 0) text: Per usual, Bernie walks up to the bar, asks for a cup of  coffee. Doris slides it over.
46) 1) dialog: (looking around) Got any cre --
46) 4) text: Bernie looks to Doris.
46) 5) dialog: Duty calls.
47) 0) text: A -- Bernie arrives at a hundred dollar blackjack table j in time for the dealer to bust out. The crowd goes crazy! B -- Bernie takes a break by leaning up against the side a slot machine. Suddenly, the woman playing it hits a jac C -- Everywhere he seems to go, people continue to win. D -- Bernie, despite the spooky irony, can't help but smi as mountains of chips pile up on the tables. Shelly appea behind him. Not a happy camper. He gestures Bernie to fol him.
48) 2) text: He hands Shelly a cup of quarters, takes off. Shelly look to Bernie. He's trying to keep a lid on his anger.
48) 4) dialog: I don't know...
48) 9) dialog: (shrugs) Guess I'm having an off day.
48) 12) dialog: Nothing's wrong. Fact is, I've never  felt better.
48) 14) dialog: She loves me, Shelly. She told me  last night. Natalie.
48) 15) text: On the mention of Natalie's name, we hear a shrieking SIR followed by a deafening toll of slot bells. Shelly's just landed the million dollar jackpot. Shelly stares at the s in surprise -- then looks over at Bernie. Realization hit hard. Fuck! The floor manager staggers over. His expressi is priceless.
48) 17) text: SEVERAL CASINO WORKERS have gathered to witness the  deflowering of Marnie. They gaze reverently upon her, as witnessing the "Close Encounters" mothership for the firs time. Shelly drags Bernie out of earshot.
48) 19) text: Bernie nods, a huge grin wrenching his cheeks apart. He's about to go helium on us.
51) 0) text: Bernie approaches some cocktail waitresses about to go of duty.
51) 1) dialog: Hi. Any of you seen Natalie around?  I'm supposed to give her a ride home.
51) 3) text: Off Bernie's expression: Oh...
52) 0) text: Bernie's Buick pulls into the lot. He parks, heads for hi room.
53) 0) text: Bernie enters. Flips on the light. No Natalie.
53) 1) dialog: (calls to the bathroom) Natalie? You in there?
53) 3) dialog: (sotto) Natalie.
54) 0) text: Bernie seated at the foot of the bed, drinking bourbon fr a solitary glass. He's almost gone through an entire bott He glances down, notices a pair of Natalie's stockings  sticking out from under the bed. He brings them up to his face. Breathes her in, only to exhale a sorry breath.
55) 0) text: Bernie stops at the bar for a cup of coffee. Doris starts pour the cream... whoops... empty. Bernie shrugs. Par for the course. Time to go to work.
56) 0) text: We see Bernie back in top form. Forget Mr. Cool, he's tur into Mr. Freeze with a vengeance. The high rollers are fa a nuclear winter on the floor thanks to Bernie.
57) 0) text: Johnny Cappella rocks the house. PAN ACROSS to Shelly and Bernie seated in Shelly's booth. Shelly is in a jovial mo while Bernie is a portrait of misery.
57) 1) dialog: I want you to tell me the truth,  Shelly. Did you say something to  Natalie? Did you muscle her --
57) 3) text: Bernie shrugs an apology, shifts his gaze to Johnny Cappe
57) 4) dialog: This guy's all flash. No soul. I  miss Buddy. Place isn't the same  without him.
57) 6) dialog: (confused) You gave him an easy out? What are  you talkin' about? I thought he...
57) 9) dialog: Jesus... you... How can you sit here  and justify it? Like you were Dr.  Kevorkian or something?
57) 11) text: Off Bernie's shocked expression --
58) 0) text: Bernie sits watching TV, a bottle of Ten High next to him the bed. Same religious channel. This time it's a mass ba taking place on some river bank. He's about to doze off,  when he hears a light rapping on the door. He cocks his h not sure if it's the booze talking. Bernie throws open the door -- Natalie standing there. A lonely angel framed in the door Suitcase at her feet. 24 carat tears glistening in the da They just stare at each other for an extended beat. Then  Natalie stumbles into Bernie's arms. Clingwraps herself t him. Bernie squeezes his eyes closed. Holds on for dear l It's a different kind of pain now; one that hurts so good
59) 0) text: Bernie and Natalie lie in each other's arms. Bernie seems ease. Natalie eyeballs the ceiling, smoke wisping up from cigarette.
59) 2) dialog: Yeah.
59) 4) text: Bernie looks over at her.
59) 6) dialog: (closes his eyes) I can't do that. I've got an  obligation to Shelly. There's no --
59) 8) text: Bernie cuts her off.
59) 9) dialog: I can't do that, Natalie. They'd  come after me. And because you were  with me... I wouldn't want that on  me.
59) 10) text: Natalie finishes her cigarette. Well, she's made her bed. Bernie starts nuzzling her. She turns away.
60) 0) text: Shelly looking on as a high roller cleans up at craps. Wi Bernie standing right there next to the guy. Which only seems to make it worse, as Bernie's presence s the player on to an even bigger win. Bernie has that goofy "my heart is full" look about him. Which can mean only one thing in Shelly's book. The man l about ready to split an atom. We see Larry hovering nearb with a smug grin. Off of Shelly's enraged expression...
62) 2) text: He drags Natalie over to Bernie's room, kicks the door op shoves Natalie inside...
63) 19) text: Shelly gestures to Tony and Lou. They exit the room, leav Natalie sobbing into one of Bernie's pillows.
64) 0) text: Bernie parks. Heads for his room. He's about to reach for his key, when he realizes the door is slightly ajar. He p his way into...
65) 1) dialog: Natalie.
65) 2) text: Bernie fumbles for the light switch...
65) 4) dialog: (closing the door) Did you take something? I got some  aspirin in the --
65) 6) text: There's just enough moonlight in the room for Bernie to m out Natalie curled over on the bed. As he approaches, he  trips over Natalie's suitcase on the floor.
65) 7) dialog: Ouch!
65) 8) text: He cuts himself on a splinter of shattered glass as he  staggers to his feet. Which draws his attention to the mi Moonlight glows off the edges. That's all there is -- edg On the dresser: his bottle of Ten High. Empty. Confused, Bernie fumbles his way over to Natalie on the b
65) 9) dialog: Natalie, what happened? The mirror...
65) 11) dialog: Natalie.
65) 14) text: Bernie chokes at the sight of her. She clutches a bloody to her cheek. Blood on the pillow... blood on the sheets. And tears.
65) 15) dialog: Oh Jesus... Natalie, who did this to  you? We need to call the police...
65) 17) dialog: What are you saying?
65) 19) dialog: (a whisper) Shelly?
65) 21) text: Bernie slumps down on the edge of the bed. Sucker-punched Trying to make sense of it.
65) 23) dialog: (still in disbelief) Shelly...
65) 25) text: Bernie stands shakily.
65) 26) dialog: We gotta get you to the hospital.  We'll talk about this later.
65) 28) text: Bernie doesn't answer her.
66) 0) text: FADE IN on Bernie's hunched over figure, waiting on Natal He tugs at his car keys as he wrestles with his emotions. Natalie's betrayal has finally sunken in. The man's in pa His natural instinct is to just take off. Run. Fuck Natal Fuck Shelly. Fuck this whole goddamn town. Suddenly he looks up. A couple of people pass by in front him... and then there she is. Standing a few feet away, f patched-up, arms clutching herself, not sure whether to  approach him or not. The sight of her just breaks Bernie's heart. He stands sl legs like jelly -- and in that instant it's all so clear him. He walks over, forgiveness in his eyes, contrition i hers. She tries to say something. He shakes his head.
66) 1) dialog: Ssshh.
67) 2) dialog: Everything's gonna be fine. This is  our time. This is you and me and  we're going for it.
67) 4) dialog: You look in the mirror, you don't  like what you see, don't believe it.  You look in my eyes. That's the only  mirror you gonna need. Look in my  eyes, Natalie.
67) 5) text: She looks into Bernie's eyes. Sees the most beautiful gir in the world. Tears roll down her cheeks.
67) 6) dialog: I love you. Marry me?
70) 0) text: Bernie pulls into the parking lot. Kills his lights.
71) 0) text: Bernie reaches for the door. Natalie grabs his arm.
71) 2) dialog: Yeah, I do. I have to tell him right  to his face. I will not look over my  shoulder for the rest of my life --  our lives.
71) 4) dialog: Don't you see, that was before you  opened your heart to me. Everything's  different now. I got lady luck on my  side. Ain't nothing gonna happen to  me.
71) 5) text: Natalie shakily opens her purse, pulls out a handful of  hundreds. Pushes the money at Bernie...
71) 7) dialog: I don't think --
71) 9) text: Bernie stuffs the cash in his jacket. Climbs out.
71) 10) dialog: Whatever happens, I --
72) 0) text: Bernie makes for the Paradise Lounge. SPLIT SECOND FLASHB as he imagines Shelly laying into Natalie. Fast cuts. Reverberating sound echoes. Just the fuel Bernie needs to make his stand. By the time he arrives at
73) 2) text: Bernie throws something in Shelly's face. It's that blood rag Natalie was holding to her cheek. It lands on the tab in front of everyone. Shelly swats it away with disgust. Jumps to his feet. WHA Bernie slugs him one. As Shelly doubles over, Bernie gets his face.
73) 3) dialog: You lay another finger on her, I  swear to God I'll kill you. You hear  me? I'll fuckin' kill you!
73) 4) text: Shelly's goons quickly move in, grab Bernie. Drag him awa Shelly composes himself, turns to his guests.
74) 0) text: Lou shoves Bernie inside. Bernie kisses floor. Shelly str past, leans against his desk. Bernie slowly drags himself his feet.
74) 1) dialog: (a hoarse whisper) Why? Why, Shelly?
74) 3) dialog: He ain't never comin' back.
74) 5) dialog: I'm through with this joint, Shelly.  Natalie and me, we just got married.  We're outta here. I'll get a job out  there in the world. Send you half my  paycheck every month. Make good on  my obligations.
74) 7) dialog: I don't think so.
74) 9) dialog: You whack me, then Bernie Lootz ain't  the world's biggest loser no more.  That honor's gonna fall upon you,  Shelly. And maybe you had it all  along.
74) 11) dialog: What you got? What do you got in  your life besides this joint?
74) 13) dialog: You got nothin', Shelly. This place --  your legacy -- it's a mirage. You  turn your back and it don't even  exist. There's no day, there's no  night, it's all just one big fuckin'  blur and it don't count for nothin'!
74) 16) text: Bernie gets eye-to-eye with Shelly. A first.
74) 17) dialog: I feel real sorry for you. Yeah, you  got this fear of germs thing. But it  goes deeper than that. You can't get  close to no one. On an emotional  level. You're the worst kind of  gambler there ever was: too scared  to put his chips on the table. Too  scared to open his heart... to extend  any real kinda friendship. Always  afraid it's gonna end out in the  desert. Well, sweet fuckin' dreams,  pal, 'cause I'm out and if that's  where it ends, that's where it ends.
74) 18) text: Bernie turns his back on Shelly, strides over to the door
74) 20) text: Bernie turns, looks at Shelly. Shelly's dead serious. The hard stare each other for a beat. Bernie doesn't say anyt At least, not out loud. His eyes do all the talking: "I g you leave me no choice either." HOLD on Bernie's steely  resolve.
75) 0) text: This could be the opening of the film -- Bernie standing  with his back to us, facing the gold elevator doors. Murk reflection. The floor lights ascending fast... The doors open and the soundtrack goes SILENT. SLOW PUSH on him as he takes in the action -- a gladiator about to  enter the Coliseum. Something comes alive in his eyes. A  spark of determination. This is not the expression of a l CLOSE-UP as his foot steps onto the casino floor -- An explosion of amplified CASINO WALLA shatters the previ silence.
76) 0) text: We follow Bernie as he wanders through the casino like he done a thousand times -- but this time with conviction.
77) 0) text: Bernie steps up to an empty table, throws down the whole  three grand onto the felt.
77) 1) dialog: Change only...
77) 2) text: The CREW working the table stop down as they realize who is. The table is dead. Bernie couldn't be needed. The cro slowly gathers up the green, hands it to the boxman.
77) 6) dialog: You could say that.
77) 9) text: The others chuckle. The boxman counts out the chips; they given to Bernie. He places them all on the passline. The stickman pushes over the dice. Bernie picks a couple. He throws....
77) 11) text: Bernie picks up his three thousand dollars in winnings. H lets it ride. The table quickly fills up with hungry play Bernie throws the dice again...
77) 13) text: Bernie is now paid six thousand dollars on his pass line  bet. The other players also collect their winnings. They can f something in the air. Bernie, forehead beaded with sweat, rubs the felt a littl before he picks up the dice. He throws...
77) 15) text: Bernie takes double odds on his bet. The boxman isn't sur what to do. Does he stop him? Does he dare? In the b.g., people gather to watch the action. Whatever is, it's catching. The table next to them bursts into  applause.
79) 0) text: A shot of the faces of frenzied dice players waiting for outcome of the throw. Followed by a thunderous release as the point is made. In the center of it all. Bernie Lootz. His rail is nearly full of chips. The other players pat him on the back and  shake his hand as the croupiers busily pay the line. He's a winner. And it's infectious. He's gone and  "contaminated" the entire casino. The slots are ringing o of control. CHEERING. WHOOPING. MOANS of delight. This mu excitement threatens to take the fucking roof off. Bernie just gazes around in amazement. If only Natalie co see him now...
79) 1) dialog: (sotto) Natalie... this is you...
79) 2) text: Bernie takes a thousand dollars in chips, tosses it gentl to the croupier.
79) 3) dialog: For the boys.
79) 4) text: The entire crew stop for a moment out of respect. Bernie  notices. They all nod as the boxman locks up the tip mone
80) 0) text: Shelly sits alone in his office, nursing a glass of Scotc listening to some scratchy Chet Baker on the turntable. H looks pre-occupied. Almost melancholic. Bernie's assessme of his life having hit home. Suddenly the door is thrown open. It's Tony...
81) 0) text: Shelly wanders up slowly to find Bernie at the center of crowd. He steps behind the table into the casino pit to g a closer look.
81) 9) text: Bernie stops.
81) 10) dialog: Wait!
81) 12) dialog: Color me up a hundred fifty thousand. (beat) And give it to him.
81) 13) text: Bernie points to Shelly standing in the pit. The crowd wa the drama play out.
81) 14) dialog: That's what I owe you, Shelly. There  it is. We're square. (to the table) Let it be known, Bernie Lootz lives  up to his obligations.
81) 17) text: Shelly stands motionless. Staring into Bernie's eyes. The whole crowd watches. After what seems like an eternity, S nods. Then the Boxman feeds the chips in with the others. moment later, we can nary tell they were ever gone. Larry appears next to Shelly. Nicky and Marty watching fr the sidelines -- dour expressions.
83) 0) text: Shelly exits the men's room, makes his way back to the cr table where Bernie is. Just in time to see Bernie lay twe five grand on the pass line. A waitress hands a drink off Bernie. He takes a healthy swig. Then picks up the dice. Throws.
83) 2) text: The crowd gasps in horror as Bernie's twenty five grand i quickly raked in. He replaces it with another stack of ch The dice are pushed over to him. He rubs the felt real ge before throwing. Then lets loose the dice. All eyes follow the dice. They hit the felt and bounce ar behind a stack of chips. The stickman can't spot them.
83) 6) text: The crowd groans again. It appears the streak is over. Bernie looks out over the felt. This is his moment of tru He unloads his entire rail and puts it on the field. He yells out.
83) 7) dialog: Fifty thousand dollars!
83) 12) text: The dice are slowly pushed over to Bernie. The crowd is  feeling it. The entire casino is feeling it. Bernie lets a long soulful sigh. His whole life depends on the next t and everyone knows it. Bernie rubs the felt as usual and lines up the dice to sh a six and a six. He picks them up.
83) 13) dialog: Come on sixty-six!
84) 0) text: Bernie throws open the doors, stumbles out. His limp seem more pronounced. He wears a miserable expression. At the car Bernie steps up. Opens the door, slides in beh the wheel.
85) 2) text: Bernie just looks at her. Pale, mournful features.
87) 2) text: Bernie throws open his door...
87) 3) dialog: I think I'm gonna...
87) 5) dialog: Bahamas, here we come, baby.
87) 8) dialog: (lowers the window) What's the problem, officer?
87) 11) text: Bernie and Natalie exchange unsettled looks. The cop lowe his hand to his gun. Bernie nods at Natalie. They climb o He directs them off to the side. Shines his light in thei faces.
87) 12) dialog: If my driving... if I was going a  little fast -- I was just over  excited, officer. See, we just had a big win at the Shangri-la --
89) 0) text: Bernie and Natalie staring into the barrel of the cop's  revolver. Natalie clutches Bernie's arm. Bernie nods. So  there you have it.
89) 3) text: They look at him in shock. He gestures them to the ground behind Bernie's car. We CUT TO a shot from the highway: j the cop standing at the tail-end of Bernie's car, Natalie and Bernie hidden from view.
91) 0) text: The cop looms over Bernie and Natalie. Cocks his pistol. Lowers the gun to the back of Bernie's head. They appear oblivious to it. They're already in another p Sunning themselves in the Bahamas. The cop squeezes back the trigger.
91) 2) dialog: He was drunk. It was just freak  luck... (catches himself...)
91) 4) dialog: Lady luck, Natalie. I'm calling it.  Lady luck. And we got it as long as  we're together. They can't touch us  now.
92) 0) text: Bernie's Buick racing into the sunrise. Racing toward the dream. Bernie, eyes fixed on the road ahead, with the  contented smile of a man who has gambled on love -- and w His prize, resting her head against his shoulder. The money, well, that ain't half bad as well. A smoky, tr driven Chet Baker-like piece accentuates the triumphant m on the soundtrack, as we SUPERIMPOSE...