16) 0) text: BUDDY STAFFORD, the Paradise Lounge's star attraction, is performing on stage. He's a poor man's Tony Bennett. Mid late 60's. A staple at the Paradise for the last 20 years The singer sluggishly descends the stage to the lounge fl almost tripping over his microphone cable. Buddy works the room, leaning in real close to the ladies delivering the requisite eye contact. When their companio react with mock outrage, Buddy raises his fists playfully a boxer's defensive stance. It's classic Buddy Stafford  schtick. From somewhere across the lounge, an ATTRACTIVE WOMAN jum up and throws her panties at Buddy. Buddy catches them an waves them in the air... just as another pair whizzes by. We PAN ACROSS to Shelly seated at his corner booth, in th company of Nicky Fingers, Larry and Marty. TIGHT ON SHELLY as he focuses on Buddy. A smile threatens his patented stoicism. He's flashing back on the old days While Nicky and Marty are clearly enjoying Buddy's  performance, Larry fixates on the singer with joyless eye We take on LARRY'S POV of Buddy -- SLOW MOTION CLOSE-UPS of BUDDY SINGING. The MUSIC SLOWED  DOWN with the action, emphasizing Buddy's lack of energy. Sweat dripping off Buddy's forehead, splattering into tin jewels against his microphone. Buddy's tired eyes. Shakin hands around the mic. SMASH CUT to real time APPLAUSE as Buddy reaches the end the song. Larry is the only one not clapping. RACK ACROSS Shelly as he picks up on this.
17) 0) text: Shelly approaches Buddy's dressing room. He enters withou knocking...
18) 0) text: ...to find a trembling Buddy hunched over on a sofa, hugg himself. Buddy immediately sits up...
18) 1) dialog: Shelly. I was a goddamn embarrassment  tonight. I shouldn'a let you talk me  into going on. (massages his throat) It's definitely strep.
18) 3) text: Shelly throws a pair of red silk panties to Buddy. We see room number scribbled on the crotch area.
18) 5) dialog: (dangling the panties  on his finger) You get a receipt?
18) 7) dialog: Charmayne's in the lobby. They got  these on sale in the window. Victoria  Secret's Valentine's Collection. And  the broad waiting in the room, what  she set you back? Always Grade-A for  Ol' Buddy.
18) 10) dialog: (affectionately) Get back here, you prick. Hand it  over.
18) 11) text: Shelly throws the panties back at Buddy. Buddy just stare at him with pained eyes, waiting for something else. Swea mirror balls his wrinkled forehead. Shelly nods. Removes a foil package from his pocket. Hand it to Buddy. The singer rushes over to his dressing table Unwraps his works. Rubber tubes his forearm. Trembling ha juggle lighter and hypodermic. Shelly takes a seat on the sofa. Buddy, euphoric as the d hits the spot. Tears in his eyes. He picks up on Shelly's somber expression in the mirror.
18) 12) dialog: Whassimatter, kid? You got that  Nostradamus look.
18) 14) dialog: You ever watch those nature shows on  TV?
18) 16) dialog: I've seen this one a dozen times.  It's about lions. Cycle of life thing.  The leader of the pack...
18) 18) dialog: Yeah, pride. The leader of the  pride... when he gets on in years.  It's just a matter of time before  some young male arrives on the scene  to challenge him. They go at it and  the old cat gets the crap beaten  outta him. It's humiliating. In front  of all the females, this goes down.  And after he's defeated, he's cast  out of the pride, to scavenge and  die alone in the bush.
18) 20) dialog: No shit. It's fucking tragic because  the old lion can't figure it out on  his own. That he's past it. It'd be  so much easier for him to just walk  away and save himself all that pain  and humiliation.
18) 22) dialog: (a beat) Yeah. Me, too.
18) 23) text: Shelly holds Buddy's gaze in the mirror.
28) 0) text: Starting on the TV set: "Lost Horizon" (1937) is playing. It's the scene where Robert Conway (Ronald Coleman), his  brother and Maria are leaving the lost city in the end. Conway looks back for one last tearful view of paradise. PANNING OFF THE SCREEN to a pair of naked feet on the flo next to the bed... revealing Buddy slumped against the si of the mattress... a hypodermic needle protruding from hi arm. Death glaze fixated on the screen. Bernie slumps back against the wall. Catches his breath. Shelly just stares at Buddy, a slight tremor of grief  threatening his granite features. He glances over at Larr who takes in Buddy's deathly repose without a hint of emo Larry meets Shelly's eye with a subtle smirk of one-upman An incendiary beat passes between them. Then...
29) 0) text: A "now performing" poster on a metal stand: JOHNNY CAPPEL live at the Paradise Lounge! PANNING off the sign and following a COUPLE through the d into the theater. ...our eye drawn to the stage. A troupe of gorgeous FEMAL DANCERS in leopard print G-strings, grinding their hips t the muscular rhythm. Flanking them are a pair of strutting LIONS in elevated c An EXPLOSION OF LIGHT and SMOKE... and JOHNNY CAPPELLA ma his entrance. Decked out in a reflective suit that picks every light in the house and throws it back at the audien Johnny's got the style of a Harry Connick Jr. and the mov of Ricki Martin. The energy this guy brings to the stage  makes the last twenty years of Buddy Stafford's reign see like suspended animation. The women in the audience start fanning themselves with delight. It's a new dawn in Paradise. And the panties are coming f and furious. We see Shelly watching from the back of the room. He shif his attention to Nicky, Larry and Marty at a primo table. They're having a grand time. Nicky pats Larry on the back the head. "Good work, kid." Larry turns and raises his drink to Shelly. Shelly stares right through him. A declaration of war.