5) 2) dialog: Insurance?
5) 3) text: At the next table, ANOTHER DEALER pulls a six card 21. Of the players' stunned reactions. No way! One of the player instinctively glances behind him... but the figure has mo on. The dealer stifles a grin, her eyes following the fig as he heads toward... -- A HOT CRAPS TABLE. The CROWD APPLAUDS as the shooter l a hard eight. The dice are fished back to the player. He  shakes them up with double ought bravado. We RACK from hi hand LARGE in the f.g. to our murky figure passing in the background. The player throws... (we keep tracking with t figure) as the stickman calls it: SEVEN OUT! to a thunder chorus of disappointment. -- Our figure passes by in the foreground, while in the  background, we see a growing line of shame at one of the MACHINES. -- Following behind our figure as he turns into a corrido of SLOT MACHINES. CUT TO REVERSE ANGLE from the far end o the corridor. As the murky figure approaches, a player in the f.g. hits a jackpot. Another player in mid-ground is also in the midst of a pa Suddenly -- with the approach of the figure -- both payou trickle to a stop.
8) 0) text: A -- Bernie taking a seat at another blackjack table. Nex to him, a full table of players on a good run of cards. B -- The same table with less players as the dealer appea to be gaining an edge over the players. The only thing fi up are ashtrays. C -- Same again, with one player. This time with Natalie  watching in the background. Intrigued. QUICK JUMP CUTS sh the player's mountain of chips going down until there is  only one. D -- The dealer taps the felt for the man to bet his last chip. After a moment of indecision he flips the chip into the air...
26) 4) dialog: (he knows the routine) Hundred dollar minimum here, sir.
26) 6) dialog: Money plays one hundred.
26) 11) text: The dealer finishes shuffling, begins to deal.
26) 13) text: Bernie starts laughing. The player is less than tickled. Just then the dealer interrupts them.
26) 14) dialog: Insurance?
26) 15) text: We see the dealer's got an ace showing.
26) 17) text: The player waves off the insurance, as does Bernie. The d checks. Nothing. As the hand plays through the dealer bus out. Bernie glances over at the dealer. What the hell? Be places his chips again.
26) 20) text: The dealer plays. Bernie and the high roller win again. Bernie glances around him uncomfortably. We see Shelly  approaching. Shelly just has a nose for when things aren' running smoothly. Larry is lurking behind him. The dealer turns up some cards. And again, Bernie and the high roller win. Bernie looks absolutely perturbed. Shell gestures something with his head. Bernie cashes out.
35) 10) text: Nicky says nothing. The table is quickly cleared by the  dealers. The stickman skips the next shooter and feeds th dice to Nicky.
35) 33) text: Nicky claps his hands dealer style -- for effect -- and w a gentlemanly smile steps back from the table. Nicky's ch are quickly swept up by the croupier.
38) 2) text: Mikey throws down a bet for the dealer.
47) 0) text: A -- Bernie arrives at a hundred dollar blackjack table j in time for the dealer to bust out. The crowd goes crazy! B -- Bernie takes a break by leaning up against the side a slot machine. Suddenly, the woman playing it hits a jac C -- Everywhere he seems to go, people continue to win. D -- Bernie, despite the spooky irony, can't help but smi as mountains of chips pile up on the tables. Shelly appea behind him. Not a happy camper. He gestures Bernie to fol him.
78) 0) text: A -- Close on a slot machine as it pays out. The woman gr the payout feverishly. B -- A group at the blackjack table cheers as the dealer  busts out. C -- The line at the cashier cage gets longer and longer. -- CHIPS. Stacks and stacks of chips, being meticulously  counted. D -- A quick shot of a roulette ball dropping into number twenty-one. The dealer slowly puts the marker atop a larg stack of chips in the twenty-one square.