11) 13) text: The hooker just nods.
11) 15) text: She takes off. At the same time Natalie leaves with her d order. They walk in the same direction. Shelly mistakes  Bernie's wandering look for interest in the hooker.
13) 0) text: One of those center pool style motels. A hard luck oasis, ever there was one. As Bernie limps toward his room, his neighbor, a low rent HOOKER, approaches from the opposite end of the courtyard with a huge-ass JOHN in tow. They converge at their doors at the same time. There's a  weariness about the hooker that's endemic to this town. S winks at Bernie. He nods at her. Then casts a furtive gla over at the John. The man flips him off. The hooker mouth "Sorry." Bernie hastily enters his apartment.
14) 2) dialog: ...Oh yeah, baby, give it to me. Oh  yeah, that's the spot... Do it to me  harder, you big stud... Oooooh...
14) 3) text: Bernie closes his eyes, tries to ignore the X-rated sound coming at him through the carpaccio thin walls. The hooker's moans are starting to get to him. He raises fist to the wall, then stops himself. He's just not the  confrontational type. Instead, he heads over to the TV, cranks the volume up. T hysterical moaning from the snake ritual now blends in wi the grunting and groaning from next door, making for a bi remix that could only exist in the world of Bernie Lootz. Bernie emits a deep sigh, closes his eyes.
22) 14) text: They fall back onto the mattress. Natalie taking the reig maneuvering her hips, kicking off her panties... Bernie gets an eyeful of a tattoo on her butt. A pair of  dice. Both twos. In seconds, Natalie has separated Bernie from his pants a underwear, taking him inside of her, Ol' Blue Eyes keepin the rhythm... Natalie moans uninhibitedly. Surprise: she's a real screa Moments later, we hear banging from the hooker's side of wall. Some John telling them to keep it down. Bernie, with tears of elation in his eyes, thrusts away a Natalie... for all of thirty seconds, before he explodes, convulsing in her arms with a stifled gasp. Frank winds down "This Town" a few seconds later. Poor Be he didn't even make it through the song.
31) 0) text: Bernie and Natalie making love. Slow, tender. Natalie doe make with the "Oh yeah, baby, you're doing great"  encouragement. Just some low key moans. Bernie doesn't co too soon either. He outlasts Sinatra through several cuts In contrast, we hear the hooker and her John howling away through the walls. An escalating ostinato of "Oh Baby's." Until Natalie reaches behind her and raps her fist agains the wall. Big smile from both of them.