6) 11) text: Bernie gestures her over to table eleven. Immediately mak the HIGH ROLLER in question. A good old boy named BULLDOG He's the one boasting loudly as he shakes the dice with o hand.
9) 0) text: ...the chip becoming an Alka-Seltzer dropping into a glas The glass is in SHELLY KAPLOW's hand. Director of Casino  Operations for the Shangri-la. Late 40's-early 50's. Distinguished, slick, oozing charm. But lose the Cartier, Armani and Paco Raban and you're looking at pure street. He's watching Bernie through the two-way glass. Shakes hi head in admiration. Suddenly the office door swings open. THREE MEN stride in Shelly projects immediate deference to NICKY "FINGERS"  BONNATTO. Mid-50's. Former Geovassi family underboss from "back east." The guy's a relic from the days before MBAs  became the weapon of choice in the "family" business. He  wears his corporate makeover like a bad coat of paint wit traces of Mulberry Street primer showing through. Nicky's accompanied by a pair of CORPORATE TYPES in Hugo  Boss threads. Shelly glances their way with a look that  suggests he's working himself into a full-on sphincter wi up. Bad news x2. Shelly's muscle, LOU stands off to one s with an apologetic expression.
16) 0) text: BUDDY STAFFORD, the Paradise Lounge's star attraction, is performing on stage. He's a poor man's Tony Bennett. Mid late 60's. A staple at the Paradise for the last 20 years The singer sluggishly descends the stage to the lounge fl almost tripping over his microphone cable. Buddy works the room, leaning in real close to the ladies delivering the requisite eye contact. When their companio react with mock outrage, Buddy raises his fists playfully a boxer's defensive stance. It's classic Buddy Stafford  schtick. From somewhere across the lounge, an ATTRACTIVE WOMAN jum up and throws her panties at Buddy. Buddy catches them an waves them in the air... just as another pair whizzes by. We PAN ACROSS to Shelly seated at his corner booth, in th company of Nicky Fingers, Larry and Marty. TIGHT ON SHELLY as he focuses on Buddy. A smile threatens his patented stoicism. He's flashing back on the old days While Nicky and Marty are clearly enjoying Buddy's  performance, Larry fixates on the singer with joyless eye We take on LARRY'S POV of Buddy -- SLOW MOTION CLOSE-UPS of BUDDY SINGING. The MUSIC SLOWED  DOWN with the action, emphasizing Buddy's lack of energy. Sweat dripping off Buddy's forehead, splattering into tin jewels against his microphone. Buddy's tired eyes. Shakin hands around the mic. SMASH CUT to real time APPLAUSE as Buddy reaches the end the song. Larry is the only one not clapping. RACK ACROSS Shelly as he picks up on this.
22) 8) text: Bernie opens one of the kitchenette cupboards. Bare shelv except for a lone RECORD up on top. He brings it down. It a Sinatra album. Never been opened. Natalie looks on as Bernie meticulously removes the recor from its sleeve. He blows a few particles of dust from it surface. Then delicately lays it on the turntable. The wa he goes about this is incredibly ceremonious. With as muc care as given to disarming a nuclear weapon. Natalie can't help but smile. Bernie lowers the needle to the first cut of the record. Everything seems to be going so well, until... SKREEEEEE! The needle skids across the surface of the rec with a sound worse than chalk on a blackboard. Bernie opens his mouth in a silent grimace... and a delic laugh comes out. It's Natalie's laugh. Talk about a tension breaker. Berni turns to her, shrugs. He tries again. This time the needl catches... and Sinatra takes command of the room. He's si "This Town," a finger snapping upbeat Valentine to Vegas. Marred only by a slight clicking caused by the scratch. Natalie summons Bernie over with her wagging forefinger. picks up his glass, shuffles over.
24) 13) text: Before Natalie can respond, we hear the pregnant girl sta to moan out loud. The waitress rushes over.
28) 5) text: Shelly and Larry exchange looks again. Bernie picks up on it. The tension in the room threatens nuclear fission. A  loud ANIMAL ROAR reverberates on the soundtrack... accompanied by jungle-like percussion... as we CUT TO:
29) 0) text: A "now performing" poster on a metal stand: JOHNNY CAPPEL live at the Paradise Lounge! PANNING off the sign and following a COUPLE through the d into the theater. ...our eye drawn to the stage. A troupe of gorgeous FEMAL DANCERS in leopard print G-strings, grinding their hips t the muscular rhythm. Flanking them are a pair of strutting LIONS in elevated c An EXPLOSION OF LIGHT and SMOKE... and JOHNNY CAPPELLA ma his entrance. Decked out in a reflective suit that picks every light in the house and throws it back at the audien Johnny's got the style of a Harry Connick Jr. and the mov of Ricki Martin. The energy this guy brings to the stage  makes the last twenty years of Buddy Stafford's reign see like suspended animation. The women in the audience start fanning themselves with delight. It's a new dawn in Paradise. And the panties are coming f and furious. We see Shelly watching from the back of the room. He shif his attention to Nicky, Larry and Marty at a primo table. They're having a grand time. Nicky pats Larry on the back the head. "Good work, kid." Larry turns and raises his drink to Shelly. Shelly stares right through him. A declaration of war.
34) 0) text: Shelly enters to find Larry seated behind his desk. Larry immediately leaps to his feet, phony apologetic grin. Nicky and Marty are lounging on Shelly's sofa. Shelly's g is drawn to a table in the middle of the room. There's  something on it, covered in a plastic sheet. He raises a  "what gives?" eyebrow.
35) 3) text: Only now do we see Bernie has arrived to cool the table o its hot shooter -- A LOUD, pudgy, overdressed SUBURBANITE Shelly eyes Bernie.
38) 33) text: Security (Tony and Lou) corrals the couple. Leads them aw Bernie watches as they pass by. Mikey looks into Bernie's eyes. They both know he's been made. Natalie doesn't say  anything, just looks at Bernie.
39) 0) text: Slot machines everywhere -- some on the way out, some on way in. Crates of casino supplies. Bernie rushes in with Natalie behind him. Heading for an  aural beacon of BLOWS landing on flesh... GRUNTING,  PLEADING... ...arriving to find Tony and Lou kicking the shit out of  Mikey on the floor. Charlene lies clutching her belly a f feet away. Shelly swings a baseball bat, warming up for s blood sport. Larry watches from the sidelines -- at once  appalled and enthralled.
39) 23) text: Shelly glances over at Lou, nods. Lou kicks Mikey in the  face. His nose snaps like a twig.
39) 34) text: Even Shelly's goons can't believe what they've just witne Larry is aghast. Bernie rushes Shelly, starts raining blo on him. Shelly swats him off. He drops down next to the  squirming girl, rips her sweater and blouse up over her  stomach... ...to reveal a mound of fake padding. He tears the paddin away from her, throws it at Bernie.
39) 52) text: Shelly turns his back on her. Charlene starts sobbing rel They're not going to hurt her. It's going to be all right Wrong. Shelly throws the bat to Lou. The heavy steps up t the plate (as we RACK FOCUS to Shelly walking away) --  CRUNCH!!! followed by the girl's SHRIEKS. Natalie buries head in Bernie's shoulder.
49) 0) text: Natalie's serving drinks to a table of high rollers, when Tony and Lou appear behind her...
61) 0) text: Lou's black Oldsmobile pulls into the parking lot. Shelly and the boys climb out, head for...
62) 0) text: Natalie's sunning herself at the pool. The only other peo around are a middle-aged couple and a young boy. Shelly (slipping on his leather gloves), followed by Lou Tony, strides purposefully up to Natalie -- no hellos, no just grabs her by the hair...
63) 0) text: Shelly throws Natalie onto the bed. Lou closes the door a draws the blinds.
63) 13) text: She slashes Shelly across the arm. Ouch, fuck! Before Ton and Lou can make a move, Shelly ensnares her wrist -- sna it backwards -- AARRRRGGHHH!!! Shelly snatches up the sha shoves her back on the bed. We see her terror reflected i the jagged glass against her cheek...
63) 15) text: He slices her cheek open. Tony and Lou look on with mutual expressions: Shelly's ge a little carried away here. Shelly staggers to his feet...
63) 19) text: Shelly gestures to Tony and Lou. They exit the room, leav Natalie sobbing into one of Bernie's pillows.
72) 0) text: Bernie makes for the Paradise Lounge. SPLIT SECOND FLASHB as he imagines Shelly laying into Natalie. Fast cuts. Reverberating sound echoes. Just the fuel Bernie needs to make his stand. By the time he arrives at
74) 0) text: Lou shoves Bernie inside. Bernie kisses floor. Shelly str past, leans against his desk. Bernie slowly drags himself his feet.
74) 14) text: Shelly looks to Tony and Lou:
74) 20) text: Bernie turns, looks at Shelly. Shelly's dead serious. The hard stare each other for a beat. Bernie doesn't say anyt At least, not out loud. His eyes do all the talking: "I g you leave me no choice either." HOLD on Bernie's steely  resolve.
78) 0) text: A -- Close on a slot machine as it pays out. The woman gr the payout feverishly. B -- A group at the blackjack table cheers as the dealer  busts out. C -- The line at the cashier cage gets longer and longer. -- CHIPS. Stacks and stacks of chips, being meticulously  counted. D -- A quick shot of a roulette ball dropping into number twenty-one. The dealer slowly puts the marker atop a larg stack of chips in the twenty-one square.
86) 0) text: On the surveillance monitors: the epidemic continues --  players winning at every table. The Shangri-la's been wip out. There's no way they can cover this amount of winning action. PANNING ACROSS to Shelly. Defeated. The phone rings  incessantly in the b.g. Shelly ignores it. Lou pokes his head into the office:
86) 1) dialog: Want me to get that, Shelly?