5) 3) text: At the next table, ANOTHER DEALER pulls a six card 21. Of the players' stunned reactions. No way! One of the player instinctively glances behind him... but the figure has mo on. The dealer stifles a grin, her eyes following the fig as he heads toward... -- A HOT CRAPS TABLE. The CROWD APPLAUDS as the shooter l a hard eight. The dice are fished back to the player. He  shakes them up with double ought bravado. We RACK from hi hand LARGE in the f.g. to our murky figure passing in the background. The player throws... (we keep tracking with t figure) as the stickman calls it: SEVEN OUT! to a thunder chorus of disappointment. -- Our figure passes by in the foreground, while in the  background, we see a growing line of shame at one of the MACHINES. -- Following behind our figure as he turns into a corrido of SLOT MACHINES. CUT TO REVERSE ANGLE from the far end o the corridor. As the murky figure approaches, a player in the f.g. hits a jackpot. Another player in mid-ground is also in the midst of a pa Suddenly -- with the approach of the figure -- both payou trickle to a stop.
6) 0) text: Bernie limps away from the bar. We hear another spike of  sound from the gaming area. As he approaches, a FLOORMAN  stops him.
6) 3) text: The floorman nods, walks off. Bernie makes for the rowdy  gaming tables. Takes his time about it. His approach brin an ill-wind to the area. The players appear to sense it. It's in their reactions. A slight hesitation of the dice. Fingers tensing over a pile of chips. A hand tugging at a tie. The Cooler has arrived. As he reaches table eleven, Natalie intercepts him with a short glass of Chivas Regal.
6) 9) text: She offers up a smile. It jump-starts those dormant eyes. Her whole face comes alive. Notches her up from an eight a ten. Bernie immediately glances away. He's afraid what might read in his gaze.
6) 16) text: Another man gladly accepts the drink. Meanwhile, Bulldog  sends the dice high up into the air. They drop perfectly the table. The stickman calls it.
8) 0) text: A -- Bernie taking a seat at another blackjack table. Nex to him, a full table of players on a good run of cards. B -- The same table with less players as the dealer appea to be gaining an edge over the players. The only thing fi up are ashtrays. C -- Same again, with one player. This time with Natalie  watching in the background. Intrigued. QUICK JUMP CUTS sh the player's mountain of chips going down until there is  only one. D -- The dealer taps the felt for the man to bet his last chip. After a moment of indecision he flips the chip into the air...
9) 0) text: ...the chip becoming an Alka-Seltzer dropping into a glas The glass is in SHELLY KAPLOW's hand. Director of Casino  Operations for the Shangri-la. Late 40's-early 50's. Distinguished, slick, oozing charm. But lose the Cartier, Armani and Paco Raban and you're looking at pure street. He's watching Bernie through the two-way glass. Shakes hi head in admiration. Suddenly the office door swings open. THREE MEN stride in Shelly projects immediate deference to NICKY "FINGERS"  BONNATTO. Mid-50's. Former Geovassi family underboss from "back east." The guy's a relic from the days before MBAs  became the weapon of choice in the "family" business. He  wears his corporate makeover like a bad coat of paint wit traces of Mulberry Street primer showing through. Nicky's accompanied by a pair of CORPORATE TYPES in Hugo  Boss threads. Shelly glances their way with a look that  suggests he's working himself into a full-on sphincter wi up. Bad news x2. Shelly's muscle, LOU stands off to one s with an apologetic expression.
11) 11) text: A beautiful WOMAN in a low cut dress, sashays her way pas them, heading for a high rollers craps table. Shelly reac out, napkin in hand, grabs her arm. Hands her his card. S snatches it, looks it over. Immediately loses all attitud Oh shit.
13) 0) text: One of those center pool style motels. A hard luck oasis, ever there was one. As Bernie limps toward his room, his neighbor, a low rent HOOKER, approaches from the opposite end of the courtyard with a huge-ass JOHN in tow. They converge at their doors at the same time. There's a  weariness about the hooker that's endemic to this town. S winks at Bernie. He nods at her. Then casts a furtive gla over at the John. The man flips him off. The hooker mouth "Sorry." Bernie hastily enters his apartment.
15) 11) text: Bernie wiggles his way next to Pinkerton. He gives the  stickman a certain look.
15) 16) text: The players go nuts. The stickman taps the felt in front the shooter.
15) 19) text: The Boxman seated at the center looks up at him.
15) 21) text: The Boxman feigns concern, then nods in approval.
15) 23) text: Just as the stickman feeds Pinkerton the dice, Bernie fli a dollar chip over toward the center of the table. Natali peers between them to catch a glimpse.
16) 0) text: BUDDY STAFFORD, the Paradise Lounge's star attraction, is performing on stage. He's a poor man's Tony Bennett. Mid late 60's. A staple at the Paradise for the last 20 years The singer sluggishly descends the stage to the lounge fl almost tripping over his microphone cable. Buddy works the room, leaning in real close to the ladies delivering the requisite eye contact. When their companio react with mock outrage, Buddy raises his fists playfully a boxer's defensive stance. It's classic Buddy Stafford  schtick. From somewhere across the lounge, an ATTRACTIVE WOMAN jum up and throws her panties at Buddy. Buddy catches them an waves them in the air... just as another pair whizzes by. We PAN ACROSS to Shelly seated at his corner booth, in th company of Nicky Fingers, Larry and Marty. TIGHT ON SHELLY as he focuses on Buddy. A smile threatens his patented stoicism. He's flashing back on the old days While Nicky and Marty are clearly enjoying Buddy's  performance, Larry fixates on the singer with joyless eye We take on LARRY'S POV of Buddy -- SLOW MOTION CLOSE-UPS of BUDDY SINGING. The MUSIC SLOWED  DOWN with the action, emphasizing Buddy's lack of energy. Sweat dripping off Buddy's forehead, splattering into tin jewels against his microphone. Buddy's tired eyes. Shakin hands around the mic. SMASH CUT to real time APPLAUSE as Buddy reaches the end the song. Larry is the only one not clapping. RACK ACROSS Shelly as he picks up on this.
19) 0) text: Shelly exits the dressing room, to find Larry waiting on  him. He's accompanied by a good looking YOUNG MAN.
22) 8) text: Bernie opens one of the kitchenette cupboards. Bare shelv except for a lone RECORD up on top. He brings it down. It a Sinatra album. Never been opened. Natalie looks on as Bernie meticulously removes the recor from its sleeve. He blows a few particles of dust from it surface. Then delicately lays it on the turntable. The wa he goes about this is incredibly ceremonious. With as muc care as given to disarming a nuclear weapon. Natalie can't help but smile. Bernie lowers the needle to the first cut of the record. Everything seems to be going so well, until... SKREEEEEE! The needle skids across the surface of the rec with a sound worse than chalk on a blackboard. Bernie opens his mouth in a silent grimace... and a delic laugh comes out. It's Natalie's laugh. Talk about a tension breaker. Berni turns to her, shrugs. He tries again. This time the needl catches... and Sinatra takes command of the room. He's si "This Town," a finger snapping upbeat Valentine to Vegas. Marred only by a slight clicking caused by the scratch. Natalie summons Bernie over with her wagging forefinger. picks up his glass, shuffles over.
22) 14) text: They fall back onto the mattress. Natalie taking the reig maneuvering her hips, kicking off her panties... Bernie gets an eyeful of a tattoo on her butt. A pair of  dice. Both twos. In seconds, Natalie has separated Bernie from his pants a underwear, taking him inside of her, Ol' Blue Eyes keepin the rhythm... Natalie moans uninhibitedly. Surprise: she's a real screa Moments later, we hear banging from the hooker's side of wall. Some John telling them to keep it down. Bernie, with tears of elation in his eyes, thrusts away a Natalie... for all of thirty seconds, before he explodes, convulsing in her arms with a stifled gasp. Frank winds down "This Town" a few seconds later. Poor Be he didn't even make it through the song.
24) 2) text: As Bernie talks, Natalie spies a very PREGNANT GIRL (20's coming out of the restroom. Her eyes follow the girl back a table where a YOUNG MAN (20's) waits on her.
24) 15) text: The young man at the table rushes her to her feet, escort her toward the exit in a dramatic fashion. All this witho paying the bill. As they pass by Bernie and Natalie's table, the girl trip over Natalie's purse. Bernie quickly helps her up. That's when he notices the young man...
26) 40) text: Shelly is close to losing it. When MORRIE, the manager of the Paradise, comes running up...
28) 0) text: Starting on the TV set: "Lost Horizon" (1937) is playing. It's the scene where Robert Conway (Ronald Coleman), his  brother and Maria are leaving the lost city in the end. Conway looks back for one last tearful view of paradise. PANNING OFF THE SCREEN to a pair of naked feet on the flo next to the bed... revealing Buddy slumped against the si of the mattress... a hypodermic needle protruding from hi arm. Death glaze fixated on the screen. Bernie slumps back against the wall. Catches his breath. Shelly just stares at Buddy, a slight tremor of grief  threatening his granite features. He glances over at Larr who takes in Buddy's deathly repose without a hint of emo Larry meets Shelly's eye with a subtle smirk of one-upman An incendiary beat passes between them. Then...
30) 2) text: Natalie drags Bernie over. She pays her money and the wor hands her the rings. Natalie throws, and misses all eight The man pats her on the shoulder.
30) 13) text: Natalie looks down at her shoulder where the man patted h She brushes it for effect. Bernie smiles. They take a sea at the end of the midway. Natalie locks onto a little toe-headed BOY being dragged  around by his OLDER BROTHER and the brother's FRIEND. The kid has a glazed look in his eyes. Natalie fixates on the boy with a haunted expression. Ber picks up on it.
35) 6) text: Shelly signals Bernie to back off. Bernie steps back. Shelly, Larry and Marty head for the restaurant. Nicky qu slaps down some green. The stickman slides the dice over to the suburbanite who shooting. He scuttles the dice. They bounce up over the r and spike Nicky on the forehead before dropping back on t felt. The players chuckle.
35) 10) text: Nicky says nothing. The table is quickly cleared by the  dealers. The stickman skips the next shooter and feeds th dice to Nicky.
35) 33) text: Nicky claps his hands dealer style -- for effect -- and w a gentlemanly smile steps back from the table. Nicky's ch are quickly swept up by the croupier.
35) 37) text: Nicky makes like it's all in good jest. Yeah, that's real cute. He heads around the table to the suburbanite, holds out his hand as if to say: Hey, no hard feelings. The  suburbanite shrugs. What the fuck? I was just playing wit you, pops. He reaches for Nicky's hand... when Nicky sudd headbutts him. Before anyone can react, Nicky starts layi into the suburbanite. The man goes down and. Nicky continues pummeling him...
38) 4) text: The stickman thanks him as they place the bet. Mikey thro down more money. We can see Mikey has bets all over the t
39) 43) text: ON NATALIE at that moment. We can tell she agrees with  Shelly... but thinks all the more of Bernie for it. That  might even be love in her eyes. Shelly snatches his baseball bat up off the floor. Walks  over to Mikey, and brings it down full force, pulverizing Mikey's left kneecap. Oh man, the scream...
44) 0) text: Bernie struts into the casino a changed man (still to the tune of "Luck Be a Lady"). Even his limp seems less prono as he greets fellow workers as they pass. He catches a glimpse of himself in a wall mirror. Maybe f the first time, he likes what he sees. In the reflection notices Natalie smiling at him. He meets her eyes. She av them quickly, keeps walking.
47) 0) text: A -- Bernie arrives at a hundred dollar blackjack table j in time for the dealer to bust out. The crowd goes crazy! B -- Bernie takes a break by leaning up against the side a slot machine. Suddenly, the woman playing it hits a jac C -- Everywhere he seems to go, people continue to win. D -- Bernie, despite the spooky irony, can't help but smi as mountains of chips pile up on the tables. Shelly appea behind him. Not a happy camper. He gestures Bernie to fol him.
48) 0) text: They head over to a section of slots. As they pass one of those huge million dollar slots, the FLOOR MANAGER cuts i front of them.
48) 15) text: On the mention of Natalie's name, we hear a shrieking SIR followed by a deafening toll of slot bells. Shelly's just landed the million dollar jackpot. Shelly stares at the s in surprise -- then looks over at Bernie. Realization hit hard. Fuck! The floor manager staggers over. His expressi is priceless.
60) 0) text: Shelly looking on as a high roller cleans up at craps. Wi Bernie standing right there next to the guy. Which only seems to make it worse, as Bernie's presence s the player on to an even bigger win. Bernie has that goofy "my heart is full" look about him. Which can mean only one thing in Shelly's book. The man l about ready to split an atom. We see Larry hovering nearb with a smug grin. Off of Shelly's enraged expression...
66) 0) text: FADE IN on Bernie's hunched over figure, waiting on Natal He tugs at his car keys as he wrestles with his emotions. Natalie's betrayal has finally sunken in. The man's in pa His natural instinct is to just take off. Run. Fuck Natal Fuck Shelly. Fuck this whole goddamn town. Suddenly he looks up. A couple of people pass by in front him... and then there she is. Standing a few feet away, f patched-up, arms clutching herself, not sure whether to  approach him or not. The sight of her just breaks Bernie's heart. He stands sl legs like jelly -- and in that instant it's all so clear him. He walks over, forgiveness in his eyes, contrition i hers. She tries to say something. He shakes his head.
77) 2) text: The CREW working the table stop down as they realize who is. The table is dead. Bernie couldn't be needed. The cro slowly gathers up the green, hands it to the boxman.
77) 4) text: The boxman counts the cash.
77) 9) text: The others chuckle. The boxman counts out the chips; they given to Bernie. He places them all on the passline. The stickman pushes over the dice. Bernie picks a couple. He throws....
77) 15) text: Bernie takes double odds on his bet. The boxman isn't sur what to do. Does he stop him? Does he dare? In the b.g., people gather to watch the action. Whatever is, it's catching. The table next to them bursts into  applause.
78) 0) text: A -- Close on a slot machine as it pays out. The woman gr the payout feverishly. B -- A group at the blackjack table cheers as the dealer  busts out. C -- The line at the cashier cage gets longer and longer. -- CHIPS. Stacks and stacks of chips, being meticulously  counted. D -- A quick shot of a roulette ball dropping into number twenty-one. The dealer slowly puts the marker atop a larg stack of chips in the twenty-one square.
79) 4) text: The entire crew stop for a moment out of respect. Bernie  notices. They all nod as the boxman locks up the tip mone
81) 2) text: The boxman looks up nervously.
81) 15) text: The boxman colors up a hundred fifty thousand in chips, l them out on the table. He counts it and claps his hands  together for the cameras.
81) 17) text: Shelly stands motionless. Staring into Bernie's eyes. The whole crowd watches. After what seems like an eternity, S nods. Then the Boxman feeds the chips in with the others. moment later, we can nary tell they were ever gone. Larry appears next to Shelly. Nicky and Marty watching fr the sidelines -- dour expressions.
82) 2) text: Blended in at a subsonic level. Some kinda mantra: pain, pain, pain. Shelly headbutts Larry. It's like the sound of a walnut  cracking. Larry slumps to the floor. Shelly takes a deep  breath. Control, control, control. He heads over to the s washes his hands -- over and over. Larry moaning in the b Shelly adjusts his tie in the mirror. Control.
83) 2) text: The crowd gasps in horror as Bernie's twenty five grand i quickly raked in. He replaces it with another stack of ch The dice are pushed over to him. He rubs the felt real ge before throwing. Then lets loose the dice. All eyes follow the dice. They hit the felt and bounce ar behind a stack of chips. The stickman can't spot them.
83) 9) dialog: On the field? What're you fucking  nuts?
92) 0) text: Bernie's Buick racing into the sunrise. Racing toward the dream. Bernie, eyes fixed on the road ahead, with the  contented smile of a man who has gambled on love -- and w His prize, resting her head against his shoulder. The money, well, that ain't half bad as well. A smoky, tr driven Chet Baker-like piece accentuates the triumphant m on the soundtrack, as we SUPERIMPOSE...