10) 0) text: Shelly seated across from Nicky, Larry and Marty.
10) 5) text: Nicky shoots a look over at Larry and Marty. Larry takes  this as his cue.
10) 11) text: Nicky and Larry exchange looks. Marty drops his gaze into his lap.
10) 18) dialog: (rubs his hands  together) So, how's the action?
16) 0) text: BUDDY STAFFORD, the Paradise Lounge's star attraction, is performing on stage. He's a poor man's Tony Bennett. Mid late 60's. A staple at the Paradise for the last 20 years The singer sluggishly descends the stage to the lounge fl almost tripping over his microphone cable. Buddy works the room, leaning in real close to the ladies delivering the requisite eye contact. When their companio react with mock outrage, Buddy raises his fists playfully a boxer's defensive stance. It's classic Buddy Stafford  schtick. From somewhere across the lounge, an ATTRACTIVE WOMAN jum up and throws her panties at Buddy. Buddy catches them an waves them in the air... just as another pair whizzes by. We PAN ACROSS to Shelly seated at his corner booth, in th company of Nicky Fingers, Larry and Marty. TIGHT ON SHELLY as he focuses on Buddy. A smile threatens his patented stoicism. He's flashing back on the old days While Nicky and Marty are clearly enjoying Buddy's  performance, Larry fixates on the singer with joyless eye We take on LARRY'S POV of Buddy -- SLOW MOTION CLOSE-UPS of BUDDY SINGING. The MUSIC SLOWED  DOWN with the action, emphasizing Buddy's lack of energy. Sweat dripping off Buddy's forehead, splattering into tin jewels against his microphone. Buddy's tired eyes. Shakin hands around the mic. SMASH CUT to real time APPLAUSE as Buddy reaches the end the song. Larry is the only one not clapping. RACK ACROSS Shelly as he picks up on this.
19) 14) text: Johnny nods at Shelly, takes off. Shelly and Larry eyebal each other for a long, cold beat. Shelly's about to say  something, when Nicky and Marty approach. Larry shrugs,  flashes a chilling smile.
19) 18) dialog: Hey, Shelly, Nicky says you might be  able to hook us up with some  showgirls. Something with class.
19) 19) text: Shelly eyeballs Marty for a tense, extended beat. What do look like, some fuckin' pimp, college boy? Just as Marty' starting to get real uncomfortable, Shelly cracks a smile
19) 22) dialog: You got any Asian babes?
29) 0) text: A "now performing" poster on a metal stand: JOHNNY CAPPEL live at the Paradise Lounge! PANNING off the sign and following a COUPLE through the d into the theater. ...our eye drawn to the stage. A troupe of gorgeous FEMAL DANCERS in leopard print G-strings, grinding their hips t the muscular rhythm. Flanking them are a pair of strutting LIONS in elevated c An EXPLOSION OF LIGHT and SMOKE... and JOHNNY CAPPELLA ma his entrance. Decked out in a reflective suit that picks every light in the house and throws it back at the audien Johnny's got the style of a Harry Connick Jr. and the mov of Ricki Martin. The energy this guy brings to the stage  makes the last twenty years of Buddy Stafford's reign see like suspended animation. The women in the audience start fanning themselves with delight. It's a new dawn in Paradise. And the panties are coming f and furious. We see Shelly watching from the back of the room. He shif his attention to Nicky, Larry and Marty at a primo table. They're having a grand time. Nicky pats Larry on the back the head. "Good work, kid." Larry turns and raises his drink to Shelly. Shelly stares right through him. A declaration of war.
34) 0) text: Shelly enters to find Larry seated behind his desk. Larry immediately leaps to his feet, phony apologetic grin. Nicky and Marty are lounging on Shelly's sofa. Shelly's g is drawn to a table in the middle of the room. There's  something on it, covered in a plastic sheet. He raises a  "what gives?" eyebrow.
34) 4) dialog: Don't worry, Shelly, you're gonna  love it.
34) 20) text: A tense silence ensues. Nicky, Larry and Marty exchange l
34) 25) dialog: (laughs) Behind the bar, that's a good one.
34) 27) dialog: Speaking of things to digest, I'm  starving. How's that buffet they got  in the Valley of the Blue Moon? You  recommend their prime rib, Shell?
34) 28) text: Shelly stares right through Marty. Choke and die on it,  motherfucker.
35) 2) dialog: I thought we were gonna eat?
35) 6) text: Shelly signals Bernie to back off. Bernie steps back. Shelly, Larry and Marty head for the restaurant. Nicky qu slaps down some green. The stickman slides the dice over to the suburbanite who shooting. He scuttles the dice. They bounce up over the r and spike Nicky on the forehead before dropping back on t felt. The players chuckle.
73) 0) text: He's practically foaming at the mouth with rage. He barge in to find Shelly at a table in agitated conversation wit Nicky, Larry and Marty. They fall silent, realizing somet is wrong.
81) 17) text: Shelly stands motionless. Staring into Bernie's eyes. The whole crowd watches. After what seems like an eternity, S nods. Then the Boxman feeds the chips in with the others. moment later, we can nary tell they were ever gone. Larry appears next to Shelly. Nicky and Marty watching fr the sidelines -- dour expressions.