24) 17) dialog: Bernie...
25) 2) text: Bernie pulls Mikey aside.
25) 4) dialog: (nods) Bull's eye. One time. Obviously runs  in the family. I guess you're gonna  be a grandfather, Bernie.
25) 7) dialog: Hey, what the fuck, it runs. Anyways,  we gotta be somewhere...
25) 9) dialog: I'm gonna pretend like you give a  shit and tell you, she's getting by.  As long as she's wasted.
25) 10) text: Bernie nods. He gazes past Mikey to the girl.
25) 11) dialog: Name's Charlene, in case you were  wondering. Looks like she's carrying  a whole litter in there, don't it?
25) 13) text: Charlene sidles up alongside Mikey.
25) 16) dialog: Maybe a week or so. Got some business  to take care of.
25) 18) dialog: No shit. Well, how 'bout that? Yeah,  maybe I'll do that. We can play catch  up. For the kid's sake. Gotta split.
25) 20) text: Mikey helps Charlene into the front passenger seat. They  drive off. Natalie looks to Bernie. She's curious, but do ask. He appears thankful for that.
33) 0) text: ...to find Mikey and Charlene waiting on them. Charlene i puffing away on a Marlboro when Natalie enters. She  immediately stubs it out. Rises, heads for the bathroom.
33) 4) dialog: I told the desk clerk Bernie was my  old man. He let us wait inside. That  a problem?
33) 6) dialog: (chuckles) Shit. I musta taken the last one.
33) 7) text: Mikey steps up to Natalie. She hasn't moved from the door Her dislike for Mikey is evident.
33) 8) dialog: Tell me something, Natalie? Is he  paying you?
33) 10) dialog: My old man, is he renting your ass?  'Cause otherwise I just don't get  it. A loser like my pops in the  company of some primo T & A. It don't  compute.
33) 11) text: Natalie doesn't dignify Mikey with an answer. She stares down unflinchingly. Mikey reaches out to Natalie's ear,  "pulls" out a $20 dollar chip.
33) 12) dialog: This enough to get me a taste? Family  discount?
33) 13) text: He drops the chip down Natalie's cleavage. Natalie still  doesn't react. Mikey reaches up, starts caressing her fac She flinches. Right then, the door swings open. Bernie en Mikey snaps his fingers and a rose appears in his hand. H extends it to Natalie. She ignores the gesture, steps asi
33) 15) dialog: Hey, Bernie. I told you I was gonna  stop by.
33) 17) text: Charlene emerges from the bathroom. Natalie heads over. S doesn't want to be around Mikey. She stops in front of Charlene, points to a sprinkling of white powder on the side of her nose.
33) 20) dialog: You see, the thing is, Bernie, we're  kinda strapped. I mean, Charly here's  expecting like yesterday, and we  don't have the dough to make with  the right nutrition for her an' all.  So, I was wondering if you would  care to invest a little in your  grandchild's future... his well being.
33) 21) text: Bernie scratches his head, thinks on it for a moment or t Then heads over to the kitchenette cupboard. Pulls down a coffee can. Extracts a thick wad of bills. Hands them ove to Mikey.
33) 24) dialog: You mean, Bernie. Trust me, it's a  boy.
33) 32) text: Mikey takes Charlene by the arm...
33) 33) dialog: We'll catch you later, Bernie. I  think I'm gonna take Charly over to  the hospital right now. Get her  checked up real good.
33) 37) text: Mikey turns in the doorway, eyebrows raised. Yeah?
33) 39) text: Mikey plays it dumb. Huh?
33) 41) text: Mikey nods, backs out of the room. Charlene giggles. They disappear into the parking lot. Natalie emerges from the  bathroom. She lights up a cigarette, just stares at him a if to say: sucker. Bernie shrugs.
38) 0) text: He heads for the crap tables, the sound of raucous CHEERI becomes audible. A large crowd starting to gather. Bernie noodles his way to the front of the crowd. As soon he gets a look at the heavy hitter at the table, he tense up. Oh shit. It's MIKEY. With Charlene. Charlene is making one hell of racket. Playing up her extremely maternal state. Just then Natalie sidles up to Bernie with the Chivas Reg Without thinking about it, he grabs the glass off the tra downs it in a single gulp.
38) 2) text: Mikey throws down a bet for the dealer.
38) 3) dialog: Put this on the line for the boys.
38) 4) text: The stickman thanks him as they place the bet. Mikey thro down more money. We can see Mikey has bets all over the t
38) 5) dialog: With shoes!
38) 8) text: As everyone dotes over Charlene, Mikey quickly swaps the  dice before anyone can see. He throws.
38) 10) text: Mikey is paid nine thousand by the croupier, as is Charle Bernie stands frozen. He doesn't bother trying to get any closer to the table. He knows it'll do no good.
38) 12) text: Natalie looks over at Charlene. Their eyes meet for a sec It's as though Natalie knows it's a scam and Charlene's  acknowledging it. Mikey throws again.
38) 14) text: Another nine grand. Mikey's rail is nearly full. Charlene hops around awkwardly causing more distraction. Bernie is really sweating it out now. Then Shelly arrives Larry is hot on his tail.
38) 17) text: Shelly's expression tells us he isn't so sure. Something  definitely isn't kosher. As Charlene chatters on, Mikey switches the dice back. Shelly makes him.
38) 19) text: Mikey throws...
38) 21) text: The players and crowd, though disappointed, applaud Mikey achievement.
38) 22) dialog: (bowing) I thank you. My wife thanks you. My  unborn child thanks you.
38) 23) text: Mikey moves his rail of chips to the felt.
38) 24) dialog: Color me up will ya?
38) 28) text: Shelly walks over to Mikey and Charlene, Larry lingering  behind him.
38) 30) dialog: Uh, thanks. Just lucky I guess.
38) 31) text: Mikey steals a tense glance at Charlene. She starts to fi nervously.
38) 33) text: Security (Tony and Lou) corrals the couple. Leads them aw Bernie watches as they pass by. Mikey looks into Bernie's eyes. They both know he's been made. Natalie doesn't say  anything, just looks at Bernie.
39) 0) text: Slot machines everywhere -- some on the way out, some on way in. Crates of casino supplies. Bernie rushes in with Natalie behind him. Heading for an  aural beacon of BLOWS landing on flesh... GRUNTING,  PLEADING... ...arriving to find Tony and Lou kicking the shit out of  Mikey on the floor. Charlene lies clutching her belly a f feet away. Shelly swings a baseball bat, warming up for s blood sport. Larry watches from the sidelines -- at once  appalled and enthralled.
39) 10) text: Shelly smashes Mikey across the shoulder with the bat. AARRRGGGGHHH!!! Shelly raises the bat to cream Mikey agai Bernie grabs Shelly's arm. Shelly shoves him back. Raises the bat again...
39) 11) dialog: Pop, help me...
39) 23) text: Shelly glances over at Lou, nods. Lou kicks Mikey in the  face. His nose snaps like a twig.
39) 38) text: Bernie looks over at Mikey. He stares up at his father,  trembling.
39) 39) dialog: I'll make it up to you, Pop, I  swear...
39) 43) text: ON NATALIE at that moment. We can tell she agrees with  Shelly... but thinks all the more of Bernie for it. That  might even be love in her eyes. Shelly snatches his baseball bat up off the floor. Walks  over to Mikey, and brings it down full force, pulverizing Mikey's left kneecap. Oh man, the scream...