5) 9) text: He's just about to leave, when an attractive COCKTAIL WAI cruises up. NATALIE BELISARIO -- late 20's-mid-30's.  Everything about her sparkles, except her eyes. They're post-mortem. She appears frazzled. Sifts through  some coin tips.
5) 10) dialog: (sotto) Shit. (to Doris) Dewars and a Diet Coke. Please.
5) 14) dialog: Hi. Uh...
5) 16) dialog: Yeah, Bernie. (to Doris) Hey, you seen Shelly around? He  promised to position me at the tables  tonight. I've been on skid row all  week.
5) 18) dialog: No? You sure? Fuck... And I was way  under. It's been, like, an A.A.  convention the whole week. I'll make  up for it tonight. Promise.
5) 19) text: Doris mutters something under her breath -- heard that on before -- and dumps Natalie's drinks on her tray.
5) 21) text: Natalie grabs up her tray. Doesn't even look at Bernie.
5) 22) dialog: Thanks.
6) 3) text: The floorman nods, walks off. Bernie makes for the rowdy  gaming tables. Takes his time about it. His approach brin an ill-wind to the area. The players appear to sense it. It's in their reactions. A slight hesitation of the dice. Fingers tensing over a pile of chips. A hand tugging at a tie. The Cooler has arrived. As he reaches table eleven, Natalie intercepts him with a short glass of Chivas Regal.
6) 4) dialog: This is you, right?
6) 6) dialog: Joe said I should stick around. You  say something to Shelly?
6) 8) dialog: Wow. That was fast. Hey, thanks.
6) 13) text: Bernie grabs the drink from Natalie's tray, intentionally bumps Bulldog...
6) 20) text: The croupiers hungrily devour the chips from the table. Bernie moves on quietly before anyone notices. But he's been noticed all right. By Natalie. Not quite su what she's just witnessed. Who is this guy? We hear a VOICE over the intercom.
8) 0) text: A -- Bernie taking a seat at another blackjack table. Nex to him, a full table of players on a good run of cards. B -- The same table with less players as the dealer appea to be gaining an edge over the players. The only thing fi up are ashtrays. C -- Same again, with one player. This time with Natalie  watching in the background. Intrigued. QUICK JUMP CUTS sh the player's mountain of chips going down until there is  only one. D -- The dealer taps the felt for the man to bet his last chip. After a moment of indecision he flips the chip into the air...
11) 6) text: Bernie shrugs. Natalie steps up to the bar a few feet awa Puts in a drink order. She catches Bernie's eye. Nods. Bernie smiles.
11) 15) text: She takes off. At the same time Natalie leaves with her d order. They walk in the same direction. Shelly mistakes  Bernie's wandering look for interest in the hooker.
11) 17) text: Bernie just stares after Natalie, Shelly finally picking on it.
15) 0) text: Big action at the craps tables tonight. The players cheer MR. PINKERTON makes another pass. He exudes USED CAR SALE Natalie arrives with his drink.
15) 1) dialog: Seven and Seven?
15) 4) text: Natalie shudders in disgust. She spins around to leave... runs smack into Bernie, spilling her tray of drinks on hi
15) 5) dialog: Oh shit... Sorry... I'm such a klutz.
15) 8) text: Natalie tries to wipe him down a bit more.
15) 9) dialog: Sorry, this guy... fuckin' hands,  you know...
15) 37) text: Pinkerton slams his fist down on the table. He turns to l the table to find Natalie smiling at him.
15) 39) text: Pinkerton starts to lose it. Security moves in, right on  time. Natalie shoots Bernie a satisfied look. He averts h eyes shyly and limps away. She stares after him for a mom
20) 0) text: Bernie weaves his way through the lot to his car. Arrivin at his Buick, he's startled to find Natalie leaning again it. She holds up the $100 chip the drunk tipped her.
20) 1) dialog: Buy you a drink?
21) 0) text: Cheesy Polynesian decor. Mood lighting = an excuse to kee the electric down. Basically, a joint where people come t lose themselves. Natalie and Bernie are seated in a booth near the back. S sips on an umbrella drink; he's nursing his usual gin. Natalie has an astrological chart in front of her. In bet sips, she makes annotations to the chart.
21) 1) dialog: (almost to herself) Your Progressed Venus is Gemini,  12.5 Degrees, and is in Direct motion.  Which tells me that you're a slow  starter when it comes to romance. (off Bernie's taken  aback expression) You know what? This is real  unprofessional of me. I shouldn't  discuss your chart with you until  I'm all done. I can tell by that  look, you think this is all a lot of  B.S.
21) 3) dialog: The outcome? There's not, like, one  particular outcome. A lot of things  enter into it. The planets, moon  phases...
21) 5) dialog: God, I have never met anyone who was  so down on themselves. I used to be  down on myself, OK? I don't go there  anymore. I've got just three more  correspondence classes with this  stuff, then I'll have my certificate  and everything. And you know how I  got OK?
21) 7) dialog: Yes, as a matter of fact that is  perfectly correct.
21) 9) dialog: I asked around. You're a "cooler."  You turn winners into losers.
21) 11) dialog: I know there's stuff that goes on in  casinos all the time --
21) 13) dialog: That sounds to me like a self  fulfilling prophecy. There's a whole  chapter on that in my course. Anyways,  I can see a big factor in your life  is that you're lacking companionship.  There's nobody to deflect off. If  you've got, as you put it, bad karma,  then you need someone with good karma  to neutralize it. Well, that's my  take on it anyway.
21) 14) text: Bernie maintains eye contact with Natalie for an extended beat. Then drops his head, gazes at his glass.
21) 16) text: Natalie nods. Bernie motions to stand. Natalie just remai seated. Keeps talking.
21) 17) dialog: I have this recurring dream where  I'm on some beautiful island in the  Bahamas. I'm sitting on the beach,  taking in this amazing sunset with  one of these in my hand (gestures to her drink) ...and then it starts to rain. And I  wake up and it's my roof leaking on  me. Yeah, I'm also real tired, Bernie.
21) 19) dialog: Only five more days? (a beat) Then we shouldn't waste any more  time.
21) 20) text: Natalie covers Bernie's hand with hers.
21) 21) dialog: Why don't we go back to your place?
21) 23) text: Natalie flinches slightly. Then swiftly regains her compo It's Vegas. An honest mistake.
21) 25) dialog: Ah, just shut up, Bernie. You haven't  gone and cooled anything. Not by a  long shot.
22) 0) text: Natalie's hand flips on the television. Another bizarre  religious service. We pull back from the screen as she tr to change the channel. Just gets a whole lot of static. Bernie's standing uncomfortably in the middle of the room
22) 1) dialog: You should complain about this.
22) 3) dialog: Nah. I've had my fill. Go ahead.
22) 4) text: Bernie walks over to the dresser, pours himself a shot. Natalie glances around. She notices Bernie's dead plants.
22) 5) dialog: You know, once they're dead, they  don't really grow back. In case,  that's what you're waiting for.
22) 7) dialog: So... got any music?
22) 8) text: Bernie opens one of the kitchenette cupboards. Bare shelv except for a lone RECORD up on top. He brings it down. It a Sinatra album. Never been opened. Natalie looks on as Bernie meticulously removes the recor from its sleeve. He blows a few particles of dust from it surface. Then delicately lays it on the turntable. The wa he goes about this is incredibly ceremonious. With as muc care as given to disarming a nuclear weapon. Natalie can't help but smile. Bernie lowers the needle to the first cut of the record. Everything seems to be going so well, until... SKREEEEEE! The needle skids across the surface of the rec with a sound worse than chalk on a blackboard. Bernie opens his mouth in a silent grimace... and a delic laugh comes out. It's Natalie's laugh. Talk about a tension breaker. Berni turns to her, shrugs. He tries again. This time the needl catches... and Sinatra takes command of the room. He's si "This Town," a finger snapping upbeat Valentine to Vegas. Marred only by a slight clicking caused by the scratch. Natalie summons Bernie over with her wagging forefinger. picks up his glass, shuffles over.
22) 9) dialog: Sit. Relax. I promise you, at least  one of us has done this before.
22) 11) dialog: Sssh. Surprise me.
22) 12) text: She starts massaging his shoulders, eliciting involuntary moans from him. Bernie is almost in tears. Nobody's touch him like this in years. And it shows. Natalie takes Bernie's glass, gulps down the remains hers then sets it on the floor. She drops down next to Bernie. Starts kissing him. Takes it slow.
22) 13) dialog: You're doing real good.
22) 14) text: They fall back onto the mattress. Natalie taking the reig maneuvering her hips, kicking off her panties... Bernie gets an eyeful of a tattoo on her butt. A pair of  dice. Both twos. In seconds, Natalie has separated Bernie from his pants a underwear, taking him inside of her, Ol' Blue Eyes keepin the rhythm... Natalie moans uninhibitedly. Surprise: she's a real screa Moments later, we hear banging from the hooker's side of wall. Some John telling them to keep it down. Bernie, with tears of elation in his eyes, thrusts away a Natalie... for all of thirty seconds, before he explodes, convulsing in her arms with a stifled gasp. Frank winds down "This Town" a few seconds later. Poor Be he didn't even make it through the song.
22) 16) text: Natalie wraps her arms around him.
22) 17) dialog: Don't worry, Bernie. I've had worse.  We'll try again later.
23) 0) text: TIGHT on Bernie sleeping. He still has that goofy smile o his lips. A beat or two later, he opens his eyes. We PULL BACK to reveal that he's alone in the bed. No sign of Nat Bernie turns to the pillow next to him, buries his face i it. Takes a deep breath. Moans at her scent. Ambrosia. He still has his face in the pillow, sucking in deep breaths when Natalie steps out of the bathroom. Big smile.
23) 1) dialog: Hey, so, you wanna get some breakfast?
24) 0) text: Bernie and Natalie sit eating breakfast.
24) 2) text: As Bernie talks, Natalie spies a very PREGNANT GIRL (20's coming out of the restroom. Her eyes follow the girl back a table where a YOUNG MAN (20's) waits on her.
24) 4) dialog: He did that to you? What, he shot  you?
24) 6) dialog: That's getting off easy?
24) 8) dialog: But he maimed you...
24) 10) dialog: Jesus... I thought stuff like that  didn't happen no more. Like that was  just in the movies or something.
24) 13) text: Before Natalie can respond, we hear the pregnant girl sta to moan out loud. The waitress rushes over.
24) 15) text: The young man at the table rushes her to her feet, escort her toward the exit in a dramatic fashion. All this witho paying the bill. As they pass by Bernie and Natalie's table, the girl trip over Natalie's purse. Bernie quickly helps her up. That's when he notices the young man...
25) 0) text: Bernie accompanies them out to their car at a quick step. Once out the door, the girl's contractions appear to have subsided. Natalie walks with the girl to try and help.
25) 12) dialog: When was the last time you saw a  doctor?
25) 19) dialog: (to Charlene) Take care.
25) 20) text: Mikey helps Charlene into the front passenger seat. They  drive off. Natalie looks to Bernie. She's curious, but do ask. He appears thankful for that.
30) 0) text: Bernie and Natalie wander around the midway. A middle-age WORKER at the ring toss booth gets her attention.
30) 2) text: Natalie drags Bernie over. She pays her money and the wor hands her the rings. Natalie throws, and misses all eight The man pats her on the shoulder.
30) 4) text: Natalie is about to take him up on it, when she catches  Bernie's eye. His look suggests she's being played for a  sucker. She decides against it. They walk off down the midway. Bernie chuckles to himself
30) 5) dialog: What?
30) 7) dialog: What?
30) 9) dialog: An easy mark?
30) 11) text: Natalie shakes her head.
30) 13) text: Natalie looks down at her shoulder where the man patted h She brushes it for effect. Bernie smiles. They take a sea at the end of the midway. Natalie locks onto a little toe-headed BOY being dragged  around by his OLDER BROTHER and the brother's FRIEND. The kid has a glazed look in his eyes. Natalie fixates on the boy with a haunted expression. Ber picks up on it.
30) 15) dialog: You notice last night, that tattoo  on my butt?
30) 17) dialog: Yeah, two twos. Little Joe.
30) 18) text: Natalie hides her face behind her soda cup. Looks off in distance.
30) 19) dialog: I had a son. His name was Joe. I was  his mother for a year.
30) 21) dialog: I want to, Bernie. Better you know  the worst of me up front. Later,  when I'm already invested in you,  it'll be too hard to come clean.  After I tell you this, you'll  probably... I mean, I'll understand.
30) 23) dialog: I gave my son up for adoption. I  just wanted my life back. I was  seventeen going on eighteen and I  was selfish. My family, they didn't  want to have nothing to do with me  after that. So I hitched a ride out  here. Figured I could make it as a  showgirl. Ten years later... (shrugs; starts to  break up) I like to think that if it happened  when I was older -- with some guy I  cared about -- maybe things would  have been different. I think about  my Little Joe. And, I do know he's  better off. I'm convinced of that.
30) 26) text: Off Natalie's tear-filled features. She breaks into a lau cry...
31) 0) text: Bernie and Natalie making love. Slow, tender. Natalie doe make with the "Oh yeah, baby, you're doing great"  encouragement. Just some low key moans. Bernie doesn't co too soon either. He outlasts Sinatra through several cuts In contrast, we hear the hooker and her John howling away through the walls. An escalating ostinato of "Oh Baby's." Until Natalie reaches behind her and raps her fist agains the wall. Big smile from both of them.
32) 0) text: Bernie and Natalie returning from breakfast in Bernie's B Bernie can't find a parking spot. Natalie climbs out, hea for the room. Natalie arrives at the room. She's about to stab the key the lock, when she realizes the door is ajar. She hesitat for a moment, then pushes it open...
33) 0) text: ...to find Mikey and Charlene waiting on them. Charlene i puffing away on a Marlboro when Natalie enters. She  immediately stubs it out. Rises, heads for the bathroom.
33) 3) dialog: (to Mikey) How did you get in here?
33) 5) dialog: Bernie's looking for a parking space.
33) 7) text: Mikey steps up to Natalie. She hasn't moved from the door Her dislike for Mikey is evident.
33) 9) dialog: Excuse me?
33) 11) text: Natalie doesn't dignify Mikey with an answer. She stares down unflinchingly. Mikey reaches out to Natalie's ear,  "pulls" out a $20 dollar chip.
33) 13) text: He drops the chip down Natalie's cleavage. Natalie still  doesn't react. Mikey reaches up, starts caressing her fac She flinches. Right then, the door swings open. Bernie en Mikey snaps his fingers and a rose appears in his hand. H extends it to Natalie. She ignores the gesture, steps asi
33) 17) text: Charlene emerges from the bathroom. Natalie heads over. S doesn't want to be around Mikey. She stops in front of Charlene, points to a sprinkling of white powder on the side of her nose.
33) 18) dialog: You missed some.
33) 19) text: Charlene immediately swats the coke off. Natalie enters t bathroom. Closes the door.
33) 41) text: Mikey nods, backs out of the room. Charlene giggles. They disappear into the parking lot. Natalie emerges from the  bathroom. She lights up a cigarette, just stares at him a if to say: sucker. Bernie shrugs.
36) 0) text: Bernie seated with Natalie.
36) 2) dialog: (a beat) So where does that leave us?
36) 4) dialog: God, Bernie, that's...
36) 6) dialog: Bernie... I want to be with you. I  do. But I don't know if I can leave  with you.
36) 8) dialog: I was working on a compatibility  chart for the two of us. And it looks  good, really, it does.
36) 10) dialog: That's with us here. In Vegas.
36) 12) dialog: Maybe I was being presumptuous, 'cause  I knew you were leaving... and I  tried working it in different ways...  It wasn't good, Bernie. I got scared.  But that's just for now, for the  immediate future. Once the planets  realign, maybe a year from now...
36) 16) dialog: Why, Bernie? We only got a couple  days left together. Why not make the  most of them?
36) 18) dialog: And that's so bad?
36) 19) text: Bernie just stares at her, shrouded in sadness. Natalie s out her cigarette, rises.
36) 20) dialog: Take care, Bernie.
38) 0) text: He heads for the crap tables, the sound of raucous CHEERI becomes audible. A large crowd starting to gather. Bernie noodles his way to the front of the crowd. As soon he gets a look at the heavy hitter at the table, he tense up. Oh shit. It's MIKEY. With Charlene. Charlene is making one hell of racket. Playing up her extremely maternal state. Just then Natalie sidles up to Bernie with the Chivas Reg Without thinking about it, he grabs the glass off the tra downs it in a single gulp.
38) 12) text: Natalie looks over at Charlene. Their eyes meet for a sec It's as though Natalie knows it's a scam and Charlene's  acknowledging it. Mikey throws again.
38) 33) text: Security (Tony and Lou) corrals the couple. Leads them aw Bernie watches as they pass by. Mikey looks into Bernie's eyes. They both know he's been made. Natalie doesn't say  anything, just looks at Bernie.
39) 0) text: Slot machines everywhere -- some on the way out, some on way in. Crates of casino supplies. Bernie rushes in with Natalie behind him. Heading for an  aural beacon of BLOWS landing on flesh... GRUNTING,  PLEADING... ...arriving to find Tony and Lou kicking the shit out of  Mikey on the floor. Charlene lies clutching her belly a f feet away. Shelly swings a baseball bat, warming up for s blood sport. Larry watches from the sidelines -- at once  appalled and enthralled.
39) 20) text: Bernie glances over at Natalie. She has tears in her eyes He looks to Shelly pleadingly. Please don't do this...
39) 32) dialog: Oh God...
39) 36) text: The muscle start laughing it up. Relief. Larry emits a ne giggle. Natalie's jaw hits the floor. Bernie takes a step back. He's about to go into serious shock. Charlene curls over, sobbing.
39) 43) text: ON NATALIE at that moment. We can tell she agrees with  Shelly... but thinks all the more of Bernie for it. That  might even be love in her eyes. Shelly snatches his baseball bat up off the floor. Walks  over to Mikey, and brings it down full force, pulverizing Mikey's left kneecap. Oh man, the scream...
39) 46) text: Natalie turns her head. She's about to throw up. Larry  watches, unflinchingly. Charlene is making with some seri pleading now.
39) 52) text: Shelly turns his back on her. Charlene starts sobbing rel They're not going to hurt her. It's going to be all right Wrong. Shelly throws the bat to Lou. The heavy steps up t the plate (as we RACK FOCUS to Shelly walking away) --  CRUNCH!!! followed by the girl's SHRIEKS. Natalie buries head in Bernie's shoulder.
40) 0) text: Bernie's seated on the edge of his bed, drowning his sorr with a bottle of gin. Moonlight paints him in jail bars o shadow. Natalie lingers in the b.g.
40) 2) text: Natalie's hand lowers the needle onto the Sinatra record. "Nice 'n' Easy" starts up. She walks over to Bernie, takes the bottle away. Helps hi to his feet. He gives himself over to her reassuring embrace. Natalie  raises Bernie's face to her's.
40) 3) dialog: Bernie, it's a big world out there.  If you just took off -- if we took  off.
41) 0) text: Natalie staring up at the ceiling, Bernie nuzzled against her. Her features appear softer than ever. Luminous in th moonlight. Realization moist in her eyes.
41) 1) dialog: You awake, Bernie?
41) 3) dialog: I -- think I love you.
41) 5) dialog: No, I don't think. I'm pretty certain  of it.
41) 6) text: Bernie raises his head, not quite sure he heard her right Natalie sits up, hugs her knees. Bernie finds himself sta at her back.
41) 7) dialog: You blind-sided me, Bernie Lootz. I  never saw this coming. You shouldn't  do that to a girl.
41) 9) dialog: There's still things you don't know...  should know... I don't want to ruin  it...
41) 10) text: Bernie pulls Natalie back toward him.
41) 12) dialog: Say 'em anyway. To hell with rotten  luck. That's overs.
41) 14) text: Natalie smothers her lips against Bernie's. He enshrouds in his arms. Fade out...
42) 4) text: Bernie shields his eyes from the bright sunlight streamin in through the blinds. Huh? This is a first for him. He's never gotten direct sunlight in his room before. What's t deal? Did the world just turn on its axis? He glances over his shoulder... No Natalie. Just her  impression in the sheets. And a note on her pillow. For a moment his heart stops. He conjures up the worst. Grabs u the note, unfolds it. We see a lipstick kiss and the words: HAVE A SPECTACULAR 
44) 0) text: Bernie struts into the casino a changed man (still to the tune of "Luck Be a Lady"). Even his limp seems less prono as he greets fellow workers as they pass. He catches a glimpse of himself in a wall mirror. Maybe f the first time, he likes what he sees. In the reflection notices Natalie smiling at him. He meets her eyes. She av them quickly, keeps walking.
48) 15) text: On the mention of Natalie's name, we hear a shrieking SIR followed by a deafening toll of slot bells. Shelly's just landed the million dollar jackpot. Shelly stares at the s in surprise -- then looks over at Bernie. Realization hit hard. Fuck! The floor manager staggers over. His expressi is priceless.
49) 0) text: Natalie's serving drinks to a table of high rollers, when Tony and Lou appear behind her...
50) 0) text: The door to Shelly's office slams behind Natalie. Shelly  glares at her from behind his desk. We see him thumbing h steel abacus. The beads drifting toward the center. Natal shakily lights up a cigarette.
50) 2) text: Natalie, startled, drops her cigarettes. She kneels to ga them up.
50) 3) dialog: Sorry.
50) 5) dialog: I don't understand...
50) 7) text: Shelly walks around his desk to Natalie.
50) 9) dialog: I can't do that.
50) 11) dialog: It wasn't an act. I meant it. I love  him.
50) 13) dialog: I thought you were his friend...
50) 15) text: Natalie rushes from the office in tears. Shelly closes hi eyes for a moment -- gotta keep it together.
53) 0) text: Bernie enters. Flips on the light. No Natalie.
53) 2) text: No answer. He heads over. Finds it empty. Concern spreads across his features. He glances around the room. Notices closet wide open. Natalie's clothes missing.
54) 0) text: Bernie seated at the foot of the bed, drinking bourbon fr a solitary glass. He's almost gone through an entire bott He glances down, notices a pair of Natalie's stockings  sticking out from under the bed. He brings them up to his face. Breathes her in, only to exhale a sorry breath.
58) 0) text: Bernie sits watching TV, a bottle of Ten High next to him the bed. Same religious channel. This time it's a mass ba taking place on some river bank. He's about to doze off,  when he hears a light rapping on the door. He cocks his h not sure if it's the booze talking. Bernie throws open the door -- Natalie standing there. A lonely angel framed in the door Suitcase at her feet. 24 carat tears glistening in the da They just stare at each other for an extended beat. Then  Natalie stumbles into Bernie's arms. Clingwraps herself t him. Bernie squeezes his eyes closed. Holds on for dear l It's a different kind of pain now; one that hurts so good
58) 1) dialog: from over Bernie's shoulder. There's a bittersweet look a her. Nothing good can come of this. But that's tomorrow. long ways off.
59) 0) text: Bernie and Natalie lie in each other's arms. Bernie seems ease. Natalie eyeballs the ceiling, smoke wisping up from cigarette.
59) 1) dialog: Bernie? You awake?
59) 3) dialog: Let's just take off.
59) 5) dialog: I mean it. Let's just pack up and  go. Tonight.
59) 7) dialog: Fuck Shelly. He doesn't give a shit  about you. Let's just climb into  your car and get the hell out of  here.
59) 10) text: Natalie finishes her cigarette. Well, she's made her bed. Bernie starts nuzzling her. She turns away.
59) 11) dialog: Just hold me.
62) 0) text: Natalie's sunning herself at the pool. The only other peo around are a middle-aged couple and a young boy. Shelly (slipping on his leather gloves), followed by Lou Tony, strides purposefully up to Natalie -- no hellos, no just grabs her by the hair...
62) 1) dialog: Hey! Ouch! What are you...?
62) 2) text: He drags Natalie over to Bernie's room, kicks the door op shoves Natalie inside...
63) 0) text: Shelly throws Natalie onto the bed. Lou closes the door a draws the blinds.
63) 1) dialog: You got no fucking right...!
63) 3) dialog: I tried... I couldn't...
63) 5) text: Shelly heads over to the closet, rips it open, pulls out suitcase. He starts throwing Natalie's clothes into the c
63) 7) dialog: (hysterical) I can't leave! I won't! I love him.  Doesn't that mean anything to you,  you heartless fuck?
63) 8) text: Shelly stops packing. He grabs Natalie up off the bed, st smacking her around.
63) 10) dialog: (yells) Bernie would! I got friends! You  don't fuckin' own me. You got no  right --
63) 11) text: Shelly lifts Natalie up, throws her across the room into dresser mirror. SMASH! She crumbles to the floor, glass  showering her. Natalie grabs up a shard, rushes Shelly wi it...
63) 12) dialog: Fuck you!
63) 17) text: Shelly reaches into his jacket, pulls out a wad of bills. Throws them at Natalie.
63) 19) text: Shelly gestures to Tony and Lou. They exit the room, leav Natalie sobbing into one of Bernie's pillows.
65) 3) dialog: No, don't. I've got a headache.
65) 5) dialog: Yeah. I already took something.
65) 6) text: There's just enough moonlight in the room for Bernie to m out Natalie curled over on the bed. As he approaches, he  trips over Natalie's suitcase on the floor.
65) 8) text: He cuts himself on a splinter of shattered glass as he  staggers to his feet. Which draws his attention to the mi Moonlight glows off the edges. That's all there is -- edg On the dresser: his bottle of Ten High. Empty. Confused, Bernie fumbles his way over to Natalie on the b
65) 13) dialog: Bernie, no! Shit...
65) 16) dialog: I love you, Bernie. I just want you  to know that. I fell in love with  you. That wasn't part of the plan. I  thought... easy money...
65) 18) dialog: Shelly. He paid me to get next to  you. To keep you around. Whatever it  took...
65) 20) dialog: You got it right the first night. I  was for sale. Bought and paid for.  You were the easy mark, Bernie.
65) 22) dialog: At first you were just another John.  But then I started to take a closer  look. For the first time, here was  someone who wasn't trying to hustle  me. Wasn't pretending to be somebody  he wasn't. Just a decent guy trying  to get back on track. And it didn't  hurt any that you put me up on a  pedestal. It sure puts the gutter  into perspective...
65) 24) dialog: Shelly wants me gone. He says I bring  you luck. Lady luck. I stayed... to  tell you to your face... and then  you wouldn't want me no more... and  I could just go...
65) 27) dialog: Just tell me one thing, Bernie. Tell  me there's gonna be a later.
66) 0) text: FADE IN on Bernie's hunched over figure, waiting on Natal He tugs at his car keys as he wrestles with his emotions. Natalie's betrayal has finally sunken in. The man's in pa His natural instinct is to just take off. Run. Fuck Natal Fuck Shelly. Fuck this whole goddamn town. Suddenly he looks up. A couple of people pass by in front him... and then there she is. Standing a few feet away, f patched-up, arms clutching herself, not sure whether to  approach him or not. The sight of her just breaks Bernie's heart. He stands sl legs like jelly -- and in that instant it's all so clear him. He walks over, forgiveness in his eyes, contrition i hers. She tries to say something. He shakes his head.
67) 1) dialog: Tell me again, Bernie. Tell me it's  all gonna be okay.
67) 3) text: Natalie leans over and kisses him. As she does so, she ca sight of her face in the mirror. Starts to tear up.
67) 7) text: Off Natalie's startled reaction...
71) 0) text: Bernie reaches for the door. Natalie grabs his arm.
71) 1) dialog: You don't have to do this, Bernie.
71) 3) dialog: Bernie, your chart... that first  night. I wasn't being straight with  you. It's the worst chart I've ever  seen. There's nothing in the cards  for you. I'm scared...
71) 5) text: Natalie shakily opens her purse, pulls out a handful of  hundreds. Pushes the money at Bernie...
71) 6) dialog: It's three thousand dollars. Take  it. Maybe Shelly'll accept it as a  down payment. We can send him the  rest in installments... after we get  settled.
71) 8) dialog: Take it.
71) 11) dialog: (abrupt) I know, Bernie.
71) 13) dialog: (sotto; gentle) I know.
72) 0) text: Bernie makes for the Paradise Lounge. SPLIT SECOND FLASHB as he imagines Shelly laying into Natalie. Fast cuts. Reverberating sound echoes. Just the fuel Bernie needs to make his stand. By the time he arrives at
73) 2) text: Bernie throws something in Shelly's face. It's that blood rag Natalie was holding to her cheek. It lands on the tab in front of everyone. Shelly swats it away with disgust. Jumps to his feet. WHA Bernie slugs him one. As Shelly doubles over, Bernie gets his face.
79) 0) text: A shot of the faces of frenzied dice players waiting for outcome of the throw. Followed by a thunderous release as the point is made. In the center of it all. Bernie Lootz. His rail is nearly full of chips. The other players pat him on the back and  shake his hand as the croupiers busily pay the line. He's a winner. And it's infectious. He's gone and  "contaminated" the entire casino. The slots are ringing o of control. CHEERING. WHOOPING. MOANS of delight. This mu excitement threatens to take the fucking roof off. Bernie just gazes around in amazement. If only Natalie co see him now...
85) 0) text: Natalie throws her arms around him...
85) 1) dialog: Thank God... I thought for sure...
85) 3) dialog: It's okay, right? You guys worked it  out. He took the three grand? Tell  me it's okay, Bernie?
87) 1) dialog: What are you stopping for?
87) 4) text: Throw up. And he does. It's as if he's choking up the ent city. Everything that's bad about it. Finally, he pulls  himself back into the car. Slams the door. Natalie touches his cheek, a reassuring look in her eyes. Suddenly, he's smiling. He opens his coat and a huge wad cash tumbles out. He throws it up into the air. Natalie a chokes with surprise.
87) 11) text: Bernie and Natalie exchange unsettled looks. The cop lowe his hand to his gun. Bernie nods at Natalie. They climb o He directs them off to the side. Shines his light in thei faces.
89) 0) text: Bernie and Natalie staring into the barrel of the cop's  revolver. Natalie clutches Bernie's arm. Bernie nods. So  there you have it.
89) 1) dialog: Oh Jesus, Bernie, I knew it. It was  too good to be true. Who were we  kidding?
89) 3) text: They look at him in shock. He gestures them to the ground behind Bernie's car. We CUT TO a shot from the highway: j the cop standing at the tail-end of Bernie's car, Natalie and Bernie hidden from view.
91) 0) text: The cop looms over Bernie and Natalie. Cocks his pistol. Lowers the gun to the back of Bernie's head. They appear oblivious to it. They're already in another p Sunning themselves in the Bahamas. The cop squeezes back the trigger.
91) 3) dialog: Don't give it a name, Bernie. It  scares me. All I know is, you're  still running hot and that's a good  thing. But we're only winners if we  keep going. No looking back.