9) 0) text: ...the chip becoming an Alka-Seltzer dropping into a glas The glass is in SHELLY KAPLOW's hand. Director of Casino  Operations for the Shangri-la. Late 40's-early 50's. Distinguished, slick, oozing charm. But lose the Cartier, Armani and Paco Raban and you're looking at pure street. He's watching Bernie through the two-way glass. Shakes hi head in admiration. Suddenly the office door swings open. THREE MEN stride in Shelly projects immediate deference to NICKY "FINGERS"  BONNATTO. Mid-50's. Former Geovassi family underboss from "back east." The guy's a relic from the days before MBAs  became the weapon of choice in the "family" business. He  wears his corporate makeover like a bad coat of paint wit traces of Mulberry Street primer showing through. Nicky's accompanied by a pair of CORPORATE TYPES in Hugo  Boss threads. Shelly glances their way with a look that  suggests he's working himself into a full-on sphincter wi up. Bad news x2. Shelly's muscle, LOU stands off to one s with an apologetic expression.
9) 2) text: Nicky reaches out to shake Shelly's hand. Gets nothing ba then remembers.
9) 3) dialog: (shakes his head) Whassimater? You think I don't wash  up after goin' to the John? Forget  about it.
9) 4) text: Nicky grabs Shelly, embraces him.
9) 6) dialog: Ehh. We thought we'd surprise you.
9) 9) dialog: Shelly, I want you to meet one of  our smartest VPs, Larry Sokolov. And  his numbers guy, Marty Goldfarb.
10) 0) text: Shelly seated across from Nicky, Larry and Marty.
10) 2) text: Nicky looks cautiously across the table.
10) 3) dialog: Look, Shelly, this is your joint,  you run it the way you see fit. But  we got a smart kid here and he's got  some good ideas on how to revitalize  the Shangri-la.
10) 5) text: Nicky shoots a look over at Larry and Marty. Larry takes  this as his cue.
10) 7) dialog: Yeah, no one doubts that, Shelly.
10) 11) text: Nicky and Larry exchange looks. Marty drops his gaze into his lap.
10) 17) dialog: Hey, forget about it. We'll talk  later. Over dinner.
16) 0) text: BUDDY STAFFORD, the Paradise Lounge's star attraction, is performing on stage. He's a poor man's Tony Bennett. Mid late 60's. A staple at the Paradise for the last 20 years The singer sluggishly descends the stage to the lounge fl almost tripping over his microphone cable. Buddy works the room, leaning in real close to the ladies delivering the requisite eye contact. When their companio react with mock outrage, Buddy raises his fists playfully a boxer's defensive stance. It's classic Buddy Stafford  schtick. From somewhere across the lounge, an ATTRACTIVE WOMAN jum up and throws her panties at Buddy. Buddy catches them an waves them in the air... just as another pair whizzes by. We PAN ACROSS to Shelly seated at his corner booth, in th company of Nicky Fingers, Larry and Marty. TIGHT ON SHELLY as he focuses on Buddy. A smile threatens his patented stoicism. He's flashing back on the old days While Nicky and Marty are clearly enjoying Buddy's  performance, Larry fixates on the singer with joyless eye We take on LARRY'S POV of Buddy -- SLOW MOTION CLOSE-UPS of BUDDY SINGING. The MUSIC SLOWED  DOWN with the action, emphasizing Buddy's lack of energy. Sweat dripping off Buddy's forehead, splattering into tin jewels against his microphone. Buddy's tired eyes. Shakin hands around the mic. SMASH CUT to real time APPLAUSE as Buddy reaches the end the song. Larry is the only one not clapping. RACK ACROSS Shelly as he picks up on this.
19) 14) text: Johnny nods at Shelly, takes off. Shelly and Larry eyebal each other for a long, cold beat. Shelly's about to say  something, when Nicky and Marty approach. Larry shrugs,  flashes a chilling smile.
19) 15) dialog: Where's Buddy? I wanna buy the old  fart a drink.
19) 17) dialog: Oh yeah? That's too bad. (Shelly isn't fooling  him) Well, another time then.
19) 21) dialog: (jumps in) Yeah. Something with big headlights,  nice rims and low mileage.
29) 0) text: A "now performing" poster on a metal stand: JOHNNY CAPPEL live at the Paradise Lounge! PANNING off the sign and following a COUPLE through the d into the theater. ...our eye drawn to the stage. A troupe of gorgeous FEMAL DANCERS in leopard print G-strings, grinding their hips t the muscular rhythm. Flanking them are a pair of strutting LIONS in elevated c An EXPLOSION OF LIGHT and SMOKE... and JOHNNY CAPPELLA ma his entrance. Decked out in a reflective suit that picks every light in the house and throws it back at the audien Johnny's got the style of a Harry Connick Jr. and the mov of Ricki Martin. The energy this guy brings to the stage  makes the last twenty years of Buddy Stafford's reign see like suspended animation. The women in the audience start fanning themselves with delight. It's a new dawn in Paradise. And the panties are coming f and furious. We see Shelly watching from the back of the room. He shif his attention to Nicky, Larry and Marty at a primo table. They're having a grand time. Nicky pats Larry on the back the head. "Good work, kid." Larry turns and raises his drink to Shelly. Shelly stares right through him. A declaration of war.
34) 0) text: Shelly enters to find Larry seated behind his desk. Larry immediately leaps to his feet, phony apologetic grin. Nicky and Marty are lounging on Shelly's sofa. Shelly's g is drawn to a table in the middle of the room. There's  something on it, covered in a plastic sheet. He raises a  "what gives?" eyebrow.
34) 1) dialog: Shelly, I hope you don't mind...
34) 3) dialog: I'm sorry we didn't say nothing about  this earlier... but the deal wasn't  closed yet.
34) 5) text: Nicky gestures to Larry. Larry whisks the plastic sheet o the table... ...to reveal an impressive SCALE MODEL of a redesigned SH LA HOTEL AND CASINO. The model boasts huge snow-capped Himalayan peaks a la "L Horizon," surrounding a completely overhauled hotel and  casino. A Matterhorn-like rollercoaster traverses the mou top. Gold and marbled pillars, terraces and floors promis to raise the bar on Las Vegas opulence. We're looking at hundred million dollar investment easy.
34) 6) dialog: The new Shangri-la Hotel and Casino.  We break ground on her in six months.
34) 8) dialog: I know what you're thinking? Where's  she gonna go? You need space to  expand, right? Well, that's been  taken care of. We're now the proud  owners of The Golden Frontier next  door.
34) 10) dialog: Isn't she great, Shell?
34) 16) dialog: Hey, Jesus, c'mon, Shelly. We're not  trying to fuck with it. We're trying  to make it better.
34) 20) text: A tense silence ensues. Nicky, Larry and Marty exchange l
34) 22) text: Shelly falls silent. Massages his forehead. Shit, that wa the way to handle it. Nicky gets up from the sofa, walks over to Shelly, places hand on his shoulder. Shelly flinches, but doesn't pull a
34) 23) dialog: You make some good points, Shelly.  Maybe it'll swing back the other  way, who knows? But the smart money  suggests we roll the dice. I'm not  gonna bullshit you; naturally there's  gonna be a lot of restructuring in  the months to come, but I want you  to know, you'll always have a place  with us.
34) 26) dialog: I think you should take some time  and think things through. All this,  it's a lot to digest, y'know.
34) 30) dialog: Hey, my arteries can use a workout.  Lead us to the trough, Shell.
34) 31) text: Shelly nods at Nicky, then shifts his gaze to Larry. Larr all smiles. He steps forward to join them, his hand dropp down and caressing the surface of Shelly's desk behind hi A subtle gesture not lost on Shelly. Shelly mentally unlo a full chamber into Larry's chest. Returns the smile.
35) 0) text: As Shelly and the group pass a hot craps table, Nicky is  drawn to it.
35) 1) dialog: Wait up a second...
35) 5) dialog: Nah, let's play here. This is my  lucky table. I always play here. (to the others) Go on ahead. I know where to find  you guys.
35) 6) text: Shelly signals Bernie to back off. Bernie steps back. Shelly, Larry and Marty head for the restaurant. Nicky qu slaps down some green. The stickman slides the dice over to the suburbanite who shooting. He scuttles the dice. They bounce up over the r and spike Nicky on the forehead before dropping back on t felt. The players chuckle.
35) 8) text: Nicky rubs his forehead, glares at the suburbanite. He fi back.
35) 10) text: Nicky says nothing. The table is quickly cleared by the  dealers. The stickman skips the next shooter and feeds th dice to Nicky.
35) 12) dialog: File a grievance, shithead.
35) 13) text: Suburbanite is still fuming over his loss. Nicky places a couple hundred on the passline.
35) 15) text: Nicky throws in some chips to the center.
35) 16) dialog: Hundred dollar big red.
35) 17) text: Suburbanite watches as Nicky runs through a lengthy pre-s routine. Lots of hand jive and cuff shooting.
35) 19) text: Nicky throws.
35) 23) text: Nicky is fed the dice again. Same routine. Nicky just fir an incendiary look back at the suburbanite.
35) 25) text: Nicky throws.
35) 29) text: Nicky slowly starts his routine defiantly.
35) 31) text: Nicky throws.
35) 33) text: Nicky claps his hands dealer style -- for effect -- and w a gentlemanly smile steps back from the table. Nicky's ch are quickly swept up by the croupier.
35) 35) text: Nicky locks eyes with the suburbanite. Then flashes a smi that suggests he's going to brush it off. He turns away f the table...
35) 37) text: Nicky makes like it's all in good jest. Yeah, that's real cute. He heads around the table to the suburbanite, holds out his hand as if to say: Hey, no hard feelings. The  suburbanite shrugs. What the fuck? I was just playing wit you, pops. He reaches for Nicky's hand... when Nicky sudd headbutts him. Before anyone can react, Nicky starts layi into the suburbanite. The man goes down and. Nicky continues pummeling him...
35) 38) dialog: Who's laughing now, huh? ya fuckin!  prick! C'mon, crack wise again... Ya  fuckin' smooth as a Ken doll, no- dick, suburbanite scum. How's that  for a game?!
35) 39) text: Shelly alerted to the fracas, rushes back to the table. H takes immediate control of the situation. Snaps his finge at security. The suburbanite is whisked away with a pocke of comps and a bruised ego. Shelly takes Nicky aside, att to calm him. Nicky keeps railing at Shelly:
35) 40) dialog: That ain't right, Shelly! Guy fucks  up my game like that. Who the fuck  does he think he is?
35) 42) dialog: I thought this joint had more class.  Used to be, we wouldn't even let  bums like that in...
35) 43) text: Nicky catches himself. He looks at Shelly for a beat. There's an unspoken understanding between them. "The good old days." We see Bernie in the b.g., looking more than a bit shocked.
73) 0) text: He's practically foaming at the mouth with rage. He barge in to find Shelly at a table in agitated conversation wit Nicky, Larry and Marty. They fall silent, realizing somet is wrong.
73) 6) text: He rushes off. Nicky shoots Larry a resigned look.
81) 17) text: Shelly stands motionless. Staring into Bernie's eyes. The whole crowd watches. After what seems like an eternity, S nods. Then the Boxman feeds the chips in with the others. moment later, we can nary tell they were ever gone. Larry appears next to Shelly. Nicky and Marty watching fr the sidelines -- dour expressions.
81) 21) text: Shelly suddenly jabs Larry in the throat with the tips of his fingers. Larry gasps, starts to cave. Shelly keeps hi upright, escorts him to a nearby men's room. Nicky and Ma looking on in amazement.
90) 0) text: Nicky leans forward out of the shadows. Shelly holds his  gaze in the mirror. Nicky just shrugs.
90) 1) dialog: The kid wants you should know, Shelly,  he's just protecting our investment --  the old school way. See you around.