5) 3) text: At the next table, ANOTHER DEALER pulls a six card 21. Of the players' stunned reactions. No way! One of the player instinctively glances behind him... but the figure has mo on. The dealer stifles a grin, her eyes following the fig as he heads toward... -- A HOT CRAPS TABLE. The CROWD APPLAUDS as the shooter l a hard eight. The dice are fished back to the player. He  shakes them up with double ought bravado. We RACK from hi hand LARGE in the f.g. to our murky figure passing in the background. The player throws... (we keep tracking with t figure) as the stickman calls it: SEVEN OUT! to a thunder chorus of disappointment. -- Our figure passes by in the foreground, while in the  background, we see a growing line of shame at one of the MACHINES. -- Following behind our figure as he turns into a corrido of SLOT MACHINES. CUT TO REVERSE ANGLE from the far end o the corridor. As the murky figure approaches, a player in the f.g. hits a jackpot. Another player in mid-ground is also in the midst of a pa Suddenly -- with the approach of the figure -- both payou trickle to a stop.
5) 4) dialog: (kicks the slot machine) Don't you hold back, baby. Spit it  out, darlin'. C'mon... Hey! Hey,  this ain't right. S'posed to be eight  hundred dollars. Where's the goddamn  manager? Who's in charge of these  rip-off slots? Yo, ma'am... change  lady...
6) 3) text: The floorman nods, walks off. Bernie makes for the rowdy  gaming tables. Takes his time about it. His approach brin an ill-wind to the area. The players appear to sense it. It's in their reactions. A slight hesitation of the dice. Fingers tensing over a pile of chips. A hand tugging at a tie. The Cooler has arrived. As he reaches table eleven, Natalie intercepts him with a short glass of Chivas Regal.
7) 0) text: A -- a player makes a hard six at a craps table. The play howl... B -- from the same angle we PAN UP from losing dice to th same guy. Bernie looming large in the background.
8) 0) text: A -- Bernie taking a seat at another blackjack table. Nex to him, a full table of players on a good run of cards. B -- The same table with less players as the dealer appea to be gaining an edge over the players. The only thing fi up are ashtrays. C -- Same again, with one player. This time with Natalie  watching in the background. Intrigued. QUICK JUMP CUTS sh the player's mountain of chips going down until there is  only one. D -- The dealer taps the felt for the man to bet his last chip. After a moment of indecision he flips the chip into the air...
15) 0) text: Big action at the craps tables tonight. The players cheer MR. PINKERTON makes another pass. He exudes USED CAR SALE Natalie arrives with his drink.
15) 16) text: The players go nuts. The stickman taps the felt in front the shooter.
15) 27) text: The players cry out in defeat. Pinkerton grumbles to hims He fingers his rail of chips.
15) 34) dialog: Way to go, Pinkie! Bet the farm.
22) 6) text: Her eyes land on the empty cat bowl. She's about to say  something, when she picks up on Bernie's expression. Let' not even go there. She gestures to an old record player i the corner.
26) 0) text: CLOSE on a skyline of black chips neatly positioned on th felt. We see the owner of the chips strike a match. His l one. It fizzles out quickly. TILT UP to the PLAYER'S FACE with an unlit cigarette hanging from his lips. A hand quickly reaches in, lights the cigarette with a Zi PULL BACK to reveal Bernie.
26) 1) dialog: Thanks...
26) 7) dialog: (to Bernie) No offense, pal, but there's twenty  other tables. What do you wanna come  sit on my head for?
26) 9) dialog: I know this is the table. I'm already  doing good here. It's my fucking  table --
26) 13) text: Bernie starts laughing. The player is less than tickled. Just then the dealer interrupts them.
26) 16) dialog: God damnit!
26) 17) text: The player waves off the insurance, as does Bernie. The d checks. Nothing. As the hand plays through the dealer bus out. Bernie glances over at the dealer. What the hell? Be places his chips again.
26) 18) dialog: You said, one hand.
26) 21) dialog: Hey, stick around, pal. You and me,  we make a great team.
35) 6) text: Shelly signals Bernie to back off. Bernie steps back. Shelly, Larry and Marty head for the restaurant. Nicky qu slaps down some green. The stickman slides the dice over to the suburbanite who shooting. He scuttles the dice. They bounce up over the r and spike Nicky on the forehead before dropping back on t felt. The players chuckle.
35) 27) text: The players make their bets.
38) 21) text: The players and crowd, though disappointed, applaud Mikey achievement.
43) 0) text: CLOSE-UP: Trixie eating some tuna out of her bowl. We hea the record player needle drop on "Luck Be A Lady." Cut to Bernie's feet gliding around the room... PAN UP to Bernie dancing with himself. He's positively aglow. He snatches a salt shaker and sings along with Sinatra. It's true --  love makes the world go around. It obviously also gives l to dead plants, as evidenced by the small bulb that has s up overnight above his radiator. But we won't dwell on th
60) 0) text: Shelly looking on as a high roller cleans up at craps. Wi Bernie standing right there next to the guy. Which only seems to make it worse, as Bernie's presence s the player on to an even bigger win. Bernie has that goofy "my heart is full" look about him. Which can mean only one thing in Shelly's book. The man l about ready to split an atom. We see Larry hovering nearb with a smug grin. Off of Shelly's enraged expression...
77) 13) text: Bernie is now paid six thousand dollars on his pass line  bet. The other players also collect their winnings. They can f something in the air. Bernie, forehead beaded with sweat, rubs the felt a littl before he picks up the dice. He throws...
79) 0) text: A shot of the faces of frenzied dice players waiting for outcome of the throw. Followed by a thunderous release as the point is made. In the center of it all. Bernie Lootz. His rail is nearly full of chips. The other players pat him on the back and  shake his hand as the croupiers busily pay the line. He's a winner. And it's infectious. He's gone and  "contaminated" the entire casino. The slots are ringing o of control. CHEERING. WHOOPING. MOANS of delight. This mu excitement threatens to take the fucking roof off. Bernie just gazes around in amazement. If only Natalie co see him now...
83) 4) text: A croupier makes the call as anxious players rubberneck t get a look.
86) 0) text: On the surveillance monitors: the epidemic continues --  players winning at every table. The Shangri-la's been wip out. There's no way they can cover this amount of winning action. PANNING ACROSS to Shelly. Defeated. The phone rings  incessantly in the b.g. Shelly ignores it. Lou pokes his head into the office: