9) 0) text: ...the chip becoming an Alka-Seltzer dropping into a glas The glass is in SHELLY KAPLOW's hand. Director of Casino  Operations for the Shangri-la. Late 40's-early 50's. Distinguished, slick, oozing charm. But lose the Cartier, Armani and Paco Raban and you're looking at pure street. He's watching Bernie through the two-way glass. Shakes hi head in admiration. Suddenly the office door swings open. THREE MEN stride in Shelly projects immediate deference to NICKY "FINGERS"  BONNATTO. Mid-50's. Former Geovassi family underboss from "back east." The guy's a relic from the days before MBAs  became the weapon of choice in the "family" business. He  wears his corporate makeover like a bad coat of paint wit traces of Mulberry Street primer showing through. Nicky's accompanied by a pair of CORPORATE TYPES in Hugo  Boss threads. Shelly glances their way with a look that  suggests he's working himself into a full-on sphincter wi up. Bad news x2. Shelly's muscle, LOU stands off to one s with an apologetic expression.
9) 1) dialog: Nicky, how the hell are you? I didn't  know you were coming in...
9) 2) text: Nicky reaches out to shake Shelly's hand. Gets nothing ba then remembers.
9) 4) text: Nicky grabs Shelly, embraces him.
9) 5) dialog: (uncomfortably) You shoulda called ahead. I woulda  sent a car...
9) 7) dialog: Well, anytime, Nicky. Anytime.
9) 8) text: Shelly sizes up the corporate types.
9) 10) text: Shelly sees where this is going. Larry extends his hand..
9) 12) text: ...then catches himself. Quickly pulls it back. Shelly st him down for a tense beat.
9) 13) dialog: What can I get you boys to drink?
10) 0) text: Shelly seated across from Nicky, Larry and Marty.
10) 1) dialog: So... what brings you to town, Nicky?
10) 4) dialog: Revitalize? What are you talking  about? We did thirty-five million  last year.
10) 8) text: Shelly nods carefully. But...
10) 10) dialog: You mean, that amusement park mook  fest out there? You know what that  is? That's a fucking violation of  something that used to be beautiful.  That used to have class. Like a  gorgeous high priced hooker with an  exclusive clientele. And then that  Steve Wynn cocksucker knocks her up  and puts her in a family way.
10) 12) dialog: Now she's nothing but a cheap, fat  whore hiding behind too much makeup.  I look at her and see all those ugly  stretch marks and I want to cry.  'Cause I remember her as she was.
10) 14) dialog: What? You think I'm trying to compete  with that? You think this joint's  about bringing in the stroller crowd?  Fresh off some fucking E-ticket ride,  looking to break the house on red  and black. Fremont's never been about  that bullshit. This is where old  time and real money comes to play.
10) 16) text: Shelly is close to losing it. He catches himself, takes a breath.
10) 19) text: Larry shoots him a disapproving look. Off Shelly's distur expression. He's already calculating serious damage contr
11) 0) text: Bernie makes his way across the casino floor, when he's  intercepted by Shelly.
11) 1) dialog: Bernie. Mr. Cool. Got a moment?
11) 3) dialog: It can wait.
11) 4) text: Shelly escorts Bernie over to a nearby bar area. The BART zips over with some drinks.
11) 5) dialog: How's the knee?
11) 7) dialog: I was speaking to this orthopedic  surgeon over at Vegas Memorial. He  tells me they can replace a man's  entire kneecap with titanium. It's  the kinda thing that costs a shitload,  but since the man's into us for five  hundred large, I'm sure we could --
11) 9) dialog: (sighs) Where you gonna go, Bernie? Where  the fuck are you gonna go that's  better'n here? I got you covered in  this town. People, they know you  work for me, that's currency in your  pocket. That's fuckin' respect when  you walk the floor. Where you gonna  get that anyplace else?
11) 11) text: A beautiful WOMAN in a low cut dress, sashays her way pas them, heading for a high rollers craps table. Shelly reac out, napkin in hand, grabs her arm. Hands her his card. S snatches it, looks it over. Immediately loses all attitud Oh shit.
11) 12) dialog: That's right. I like to know who's  shopping it in my neighborhood. You  wanna keep working the Shangri-la,  you come see me tomorrow morning in  my office. We'll go over the rules  together. And before you come, you  bring me a clean bill of health. OK?
11) 14) dialog: All right, get outta here.
11) 15) text: She takes off. At the same time Natalie leaves with her d order. They walk in the same direction. Shelly mistakes  Bernie's wandering look for interest in the hooker.
11) 16) dialog: You want that, Bernie? She's yours.  Anytime. I'll keep a tab running for  you. (Bernie shakes his  head) What's a matter? Not your type?
11) 17) text: Bernie just stares after Natalie, Shelly finally picking on it.
11) 19) text: He limps off. Shelly stares after him. A predator seizing his prey. Calculating.
16) 0) text: BUDDY STAFFORD, the Paradise Lounge's star attraction, is performing on stage. He's a poor man's Tony Bennett. Mid late 60's. A staple at the Paradise for the last 20 years The singer sluggishly descends the stage to the lounge fl almost tripping over his microphone cable. Buddy works the room, leaning in real close to the ladies delivering the requisite eye contact. When their companio react with mock outrage, Buddy raises his fists playfully a boxer's defensive stance. It's classic Buddy Stafford  schtick. From somewhere across the lounge, an ATTRACTIVE WOMAN jum up and throws her panties at Buddy. Buddy catches them an waves them in the air... just as another pair whizzes by. We PAN ACROSS to Shelly seated at his corner booth, in th company of Nicky Fingers, Larry and Marty. TIGHT ON SHELLY as he focuses on Buddy. A smile threatens his patented stoicism. He's flashing back on the old days While Nicky and Marty are clearly enjoying Buddy's  performance, Larry fixates on the singer with joyless eye We take on LARRY'S POV of Buddy -- SLOW MOTION CLOSE-UPS of BUDDY SINGING. The MUSIC SLOWED  DOWN with the action, emphasizing Buddy's lack of energy. Sweat dripping off Buddy's forehead, splattering into tin jewels against his microphone. Buddy's tired eyes. Shakin hands around the mic. SMASH CUT to real time APPLAUSE as Buddy reaches the end the song. Larry is the only one not clapping. RACK ACROSS Shelly as he picks up on this.
17) 0) text: Shelly approaches Buddy's dressing room. He enters withou knocking...
18) 2) dialog: You were velvet out there, pops.  Silk.
18) 3) text: Shelly throws a pair of red silk panties to Buddy. We see room number scribbled on the crotch area.
18) 4) dialog: They were hanging on the door outside.  Forget your tonsils. When the muff  confetti stops coming, that's when  you got yourself a problem.
18) 6) dialog: Excuse me?
18) 8) dialog: Are you kidding me? Gimme that. (snatches the panties  away from Buddy) You don't fucking deserve this. All  those ladies going home with a sweet  breeze between their legs because  you still do it for them and you're  fingering me for some kinda Buddy  Stafford ego pimp. Hey, fuck you,  old man.
18) 9) text: Shelly feigns as if he's leaving.
18) 11) text: Shelly throws the panties back at Buddy. Buddy just stare at him with pained eyes, waiting for something else. Swea mirror balls his wrinkled forehead. Shelly nods. Removes a foil package from his pocket. Hand it to Buddy. The singer rushes over to his dressing table Unwraps his works. Rubber tubes his forearm. Trembling ha juggle lighter and hypodermic. Shelly takes a seat on the sofa. Buddy, euphoric as the d hits the spot. Tears in his eyes. He picks up on Shelly's somber expression in the mirror.
18) 13) text: Shelly shakes his head.
18) 15) text: Shelly shakes his head.
18) 17) dialog: Pride. It's called a pride.
18) 19) dialog: Yeah, nature's got a real sick sense  of humor.
18) 21) dialog: That's like admitting to yourself  that you're already dead. I prefer  nature's way.
18) 23) text: Shelly holds Buddy's gaze in the mirror.
19) 0) text: Shelly exits the dressing room, to find Larry waiting on  him. He's accompanied by a good looking YOUNG MAN.
19) 2) text: Shelly's expression: no. But he heads over anyway.
19) 5) text: Johnny extends his hand. Shelly ignores the gesture.
19) 6) dialog: I know you from somewhere, right?
19) 8) dialog: And I should be interested in this,  why?
19) 10) dialog: (icy) We?
19) 12) dialog: Even if I were interested, Buddy's  got ink with us through 2003. I just  renegotiated his contract last year.
19) 14) text: Johnny nods at Shelly, takes off. Shelly and Larry eyebal each other for a long, cold beat. Shelly's about to say  something, when Nicky and Marty approach. Larry shrugs,  flashes a chilling smile.
19) 16) dialog: Buddy asked me to send you his  regards, Nicky. He's not feeling so  great. I think he's got that stomach  flu that's going around.
19) 19) text: Shelly eyeballs Marty for a tense, extended beat. What do look like, some fuckin' pimp, college boy? Just as Marty' starting to get real uncomfortable, Shelly cracks a smile
19) 20) dialog: Sure, no problem. You got any  preferences?
19) 23) text: Shelly looks to Larry.
19) 25) text: We linger on Shelly's unsettled look. This guy is bad new
26) 20) text: The dealer plays. Bernie and the high roller win again. Bernie glances around him uncomfortably. We see Shelly  approaching. Shelly just has a nose for when things aren' running smoothly. Larry is lurking behind him. The dealer turns up some cards. And again, Bernie and the high roller win. Bernie looks absolutely perturbed. Shell gestures something with his head. Bernie cashes out.
26) 22) text: Bernie strolls over to Shelly. Shelly guides him away fro the table under Larry's watchful eye.
26) 23) dialog: What was that?
26) 25) dialog: Well, what fucking gives? Is it  McGann? He's been with us twelve  years. The man's as standup as my  dick. (thinking to himself) Maybe he's got money problems. I'm  gonna pull him. He wasn't counting  'em, was he? The mook with the streak?
26) 28) dialog: (zero tolerance) No, there's no problem. Fella's on a  streak, is all.
26) 30) dialog: Why don't you announce it to the  whole fucking joint?
26) 32) dialog: He's the best. Take it from me.
26) 34) dialog: That right? I suppose you got a whole  fucking prospectus on the subject.
26) 36) dialog: Yeah? Wallpaper?
26) 38) text: Shelly looks to Bernie. You believe this mook? Larry extr a CD from his jacket...
26) 40) text: Shelly is close to losing it. When MORRIE, the manager of the Paradise, comes running up...
27) 0) text: Shelly, Larry and Bernie following behind Morrie as he ha leads them down a hallway of the Shangri-la's best suites They arrive at an open door, the sound of a TELEVISION  beckoning them inside...
28) 0) text: Starting on the TV set: "Lost Horizon" (1937) is playing. It's the scene where Robert Conway (Ronald Coleman), his  brother and Maria are leaving the lost city in the end. Conway looks back for one last tearful view of paradise. PANNING OFF THE SCREEN to a pair of naked feet on the flo next to the bed... revealing Buddy slumped against the si of the mattress... a hypodermic needle protruding from hi arm. Death glaze fixated on the screen. Bernie slumps back against the wall. Catches his breath. Shelly just stares at Buddy, a slight tremor of grief  threatening his granite features. He glances over at Larr who takes in Buddy's deathly repose without a hint of emo Larry meets Shelly's eye with a subtle smirk of one-upman An incendiary beat passes between them. Then...
28) 1) dialog: (to Morrie) Get a hold of his daughter. Assist  her with the arrangements. The Shangri- la will take care of everything.
28) 3) dialog: She goes dark tonight.
28) 5) text: Shelly and Larry exchange looks again. Bernie picks up on it. The tension in the room threatens nuclear fission. A  loud ANIMAL ROAR reverberates on the soundtrack... accompanied by jungle-like percussion... as we CUT TO:
29) 0) text: A "now performing" poster on a metal stand: JOHNNY CAPPEL live at the Paradise Lounge! PANNING off the sign and following a COUPLE through the d into the theater. ...our eye drawn to the stage. A troupe of gorgeous FEMAL DANCERS in leopard print G-strings, grinding their hips t the muscular rhythm. Flanking them are a pair of strutting LIONS in elevated c An EXPLOSION OF LIGHT and SMOKE... and JOHNNY CAPPELLA ma his entrance. Decked out in a reflective suit that picks every light in the house and throws it back at the audien Johnny's got the style of a Harry Connick Jr. and the mov of Ricki Martin. The energy this guy brings to the stage  makes the last twenty years of Buddy Stafford's reign see like suspended animation. The women in the audience start fanning themselves with delight. It's a new dawn in Paradise. And the panties are coming f and furious. We see Shelly watching from the back of the room. He shif his attention to Nicky, Larry and Marty at a primo table. They're having a grand time. Nicky pats Larry on the back the head. "Good work, kid." Larry turns and raises his drink to Shelly. Shelly stares right through him. A declaration of war.
34) 0) text: Shelly enters to find Larry seated behind his desk. Larry immediately leaps to his feet, phony apologetic grin. Nicky and Marty are lounging on Shelly's sofa. Shelly's g is drawn to a table in the middle of the room. There's  something on it, covered in a plastic sheet. He raises a  "what gives?" eyebrow.
34) 2) dialog: What's going on, Nicky?
34) 7) text: Off Shelly's startled expression --
34) 11) text: Shelly slowly approaches the model like a condemned priso mounting the scaffolding. We see his stoic features reflected in her sparkling swim pool.
34) 12) dialog: In "Lost Horizon," these people,  their plane crashes in the Himalayas --  and they get rescued and taken to  this Utopia in the mountains. Shangri- la. It's beautiful. The place is  completely isolated. Untouched by  the outside world. There's no war,  no greed, no bullshit... Time is  slowed down. People, they don't age.  It's... paradise. That's what Shangri- la is. Paradise.
34) 14) text: Shelly whirls around, yells:
34) 15) dialog: You don't fuck with paradise! All'a  ya!
34) 17) dialog: How... how, Nicky, could it be any  better? Right now it's perfect. It's  the last of its kind. It's pure...  and this. (points to the model;  weary) ...this is just... it's a mockery.  An insult. Trying to make something  of it that it isn't.
34) 19) dialog: Whose talking about a fuckin' movie?  This ain't a fuckin' movie. This is  my life. This is my house of worship.  You people are shittin' on all that's  sacred to me.
34) 21) dialog: (tired laugh) I got just one question? Where you  gonna be when they decide to change  it back? When the people, they come  looking for the real Vegas, from  before all this Epcott Center  bullshit. Who's gonna it give it to  them? You guys? I don't think so.  You know who? The same fucks who  started this shit in the first place.  It's all gonna come full circle and  bite you in the ass. Mark my words.
34) 22) text: Shelly falls silent. Massages his forehead. Shit, that wa the way to handle it. Nicky gets up from the sofa, walks over to Shelly, places hand on his shoulder. Shelly flinches, but doesn't pull a
34) 24) dialog: Where's that? Behind the bar?
34) 28) text: Shelly stares right through Marty. Choke and die on it,  motherfucker.
34) 29) dialog: It's food.
34) 31) text: Shelly nods at Nicky, then shifts his gaze to Larry. Larr all smiles. He steps forward to join them, his hand dropp down and caressing the surface of Shelly's desk behind hi A subtle gesture not lost on Shelly. Shelly mentally unlo a full chamber into Larry's chest. Returns the smile.
35) 0) text: As Shelly and the group pass a hot craps table, Nicky is  drawn to it.
35) 3) text: Only now do we see Bernie has arrived to cool the table o its hot shooter -- A LOUD, pudgy, overdressed SUBURBANITE Shelly eyes Bernie.
35) 4) dialog: Maybe we wanna play over there. Less  crowded.
35) 6) text: Shelly signals Bernie to back off. Bernie steps back. Shelly, Larry and Marty head for the restaurant. Nicky qu slaps down some green. The stickman slides the dice over to the suburbanite who shooting. He scuttles the dice. They bounce up over the r and spike Nicky on the forehead before dropping back on t felt. The players chuckle.
35) 39) text: Shelly alerted to the fracas, rushes back to the table. H takes immediate control of the situation. Snaps his finge at security. The suburbanite is whisked away with a pocke of comps and a bruised ego. Shelly takes Nicky aside, att to calm him. Nicky keeps railing at Shelly:
35) 41) dialog: You're right. He's just a piece of  shit. Forget about him.
35) 43) text: Nicky catches himself. He looks at Shelly for a beat. There's an unspoken understanding between them. "The good old days." We see Bernie in the b.g., looking more than a bit shocked.
38) 14) text: Another nine grand. Mikey's rail is nearly full. Charlene hops around awkwardly causing more distraction. Bernie is really sweating it out now. Then Shelly arrives Larry is hot on his tail.
38) 15) dialog: How much?
38) 17) text: Shelly's expression tells us he isn't so sure. Something  definitely isn't kosher. As Charlene chatters on, Mikey switches the dice back. Shelly makes him.
38) 18) dialog: (sotto) Fucking amateurs...
38) 25) text: Larry notices Shelly slipping on a pair of leather gloves
38) 27) dialog: (gets in Larry's face) And then we'll give 'em both a  lollipop for the ride home. Come  watch and learn, Harvard. A little  lesson on how to protect your  investment -- the old school way.
38) 28) text: Shelly walks over to Mikey and Charlene, Larry lingering  behind him.
38) 29) dialog: Hey, that was some run you had back  there.
38) 32) dialog: Why don't we go do this in my office?  I don't like to hand out all this  amount of cash on the floor.
39) 0) text: Slot machines everywhere -- some on the way out, some on way in. Crates of casino supplies. Bernie rushes in with Natalie behind him. Heading for an  aural beacon of BLOWS landing on flesh... GRUNTING,  PLEADING... ...arriving to find Tony and Lou kicking the shit out of  Mikey on the floor. Charlene lies clutching her belly a f feet away. Shelly swings a baseball bat, warming up for s blood sport. Larry watches from the sidelines -- at once  appalled and enthralled.
39) 2) text: Bernie rushes over to Shelly...
39) 4) dialog: Get lost, Bernie, this got nothing  to do with you.
39) 6) text: Everyone stops dead. Freeze frame. Shelly gets a weird lo in his eye. A fuse has just been lit...
39) 7) dialog: What did you say?
39) 9) dialog: Who? This little prick?
39) 10) text: Shelly smashes Mikey across the shoulder with the bat. AARRRGGGGHHH!!! Shelly raises the bat to cream Mikey agai Bernie grabs Shelly's arm. Shelly shoves him back. Raises the bat again...
39) 13) text: Shelly freezes. He lowers the bat, throws it aside. Grabs Bernie by his collar...
39) 14) dialog: Were you in on this? Jesus, you better  come clean with me.
39) 16) text: Shelly releases Bernie. There's a strange look in Shelly' eye. We see the wheels turning...
39) 17) dialog: How much you think their lives are  worth, Bernie? Myself, I don't think  they're worth piss. But, hey, it  ain't my kid...
39) 18) text: Bernie sees where Shelly's going with this. We can almost hear the cell door slamming in his head.
39) 19) dialog: Let me see: they were up almost a  hundred and fifty grand. That's 150  G's someone's gonna have to account  for. What do you say, Bernie, seventy- five grand a piece?
39) 20) text: Bernie glances over at Natalie. She has tears in her eyes He looks to Shelly pleadingly. Please don't do this...
39) 21) dialog: Hey, I know you don't have that kind  of cash. But, since you're a friend  of the house, I'm willing to front  you.
39) 23) text: Shelly glances over at Lou, nods. Lou kicks Mikey in the  face. His nose snaps like a twig.
39) 28) dialog: Hey, why don't we all break out the  champagne? Lootz is about to become  a granddaddy. (walks over to her) How you doin' there, sweetheart?  Must hurt like crap, huh?
39) 30) dialog: Yeah?
39) 31) text: Suddenly Shelly kicks Charlene in the belly! WHAM! She  screeches out.
39) 34) text: Even Shelly's goons can't believe what they've just witne Larry is aghast. Bernie rushes Shelly, starts raining blo on him. Shelly swats him off. He drops down next to the  squirming girl, rips her sweater and blouse up over her  stomach... ...to reveal a mound of fake padding. He tears the paddin away from her, throws it at Bernie.
39) 35) dialog: Here! It's a fuckin' boy. Anyone got  a cigar?
39) 37) dialog: (to Bernie) You sure you still want to be good  for it? Because if you want to change  your mind, I don't blame you.
39) 40) text: Bernie holds his son's gaze for a beat. He's almost tempt to... He just shrugs and nods at Shelly.
39) 42) dialog: (shakes his head) That's the worst fucking call you  ever made in your life.
39) 43) text: ON NATALIE at that moment. We can tell she agrees with  Shelly... but thinks all the more of Bernie for it. That  might even be love in her eyes. Shelly snatches his baseball bat up off the floor. Walks  over to Mikey, and brings it down full force, pulverizing Mikey's left kneecap. Oh man, the scream...
39) 45) dialog: 150 G's buys their lives. This is  just a little slap on the wrist to  remember me by.
39) 48) text: Shelly steps up to Charlene, tapping the base of the bat the palm of his hand. He smiles reassuringly at her.
39) 49) dialog: You know, motherhood is a beautiful  thing. This... you made a mockery  out of it. Maybe you'll get to  experience it for real one day.
39) 51) dialog: I'm not going to hurt you.
39) 52) text: Shelly turns his back on her. Charlene starts sobbing rel They're not going to hurt her. It's going to be all right Wrong. Shelly throws the bat to Lou. The heavy steps up t the plate (as we RACK FOCUS to Shelly walking away) --  CRUNCH!!! followed by the girl's SHRIEKS. Natalie buries head in Bernie's shoulder.
39) 53) dialog: (to Tony and Lou) Get 'em outta here. You ever see  them in this joint again, kill 'em.
39) 54) dialog: (to Bernie and Natalie) You two, you're still on shift.
39) 55) text: Shelly catches Larry's eye: I hope you were taking notes.
45) 0) text: Shelly watches Bernie from the video monitor. He appears  less than delighted over Bernie's sunny disposition. He p up the phone, dials.
45) 1) dialog: (into phone) Yeah, it's me. Get Bernie over to  crap table six.
47) 0) text: A -- Bernie arrives at a hundred dollar blackjack table j in time for the dealer to bust out. The crowd goes crazy! B -- Bernie takes a break by leaning up against the side a slot machine. Suddenly, the woman playing it hits a jac C -- Everywhere he seems to go, people continue to win. D -- Bernie, despite the spooky irony, can't help but smi as mountains of chips pile up on the tables. Shelly appea behind him. Not a happy camper. He gestures Bernie to fol him.
48) 2) text: He hands Shelly a cup of quarters, takes off. Shelly look to Bernie. He's trying to keep a lid on his anger.
48) 3) dialog: (feeding Marnie  quarters) You wanna tell me what's going on  out there?
48) 5) text: Shelly pulls the lever.
48) 6) dialog: What do you mean...
48) 8) dialog: (reacts with surprise) What do you mean, you don't know?  We're down almost a mil out there.  Doesn't seem strange to you?
48) 10) dialog: You don't have off days, Lootz. You're  shitty luck incarnate. What's wrong?  You coming down with something? You've  got this look about you...
48) 11) text: Shelly starts feeding Marnie again.
48) 13) dialog: What's that supposed to mean?
48) 15) text: On the mention of Natalie's name, we hear a shrieking SIR followed by a deafening toll of slot bells. Shelly's just landed the million dollar jackpot. Shelly stares at the s in surprise -- then looks over at Bernie. Realization hit hard. Fuck! The floor manager staggers over. His expressi is priceless.
48) 17) text: SEVERAL CASINO WORKERS have gathered to witness the  deflowering of Marnie. They gaze reverently upon her, as witnessing the "Close Encounters" mothership for the firs time. Shelly drags Bernie out of earshot.
48) 18) dialog: Natalie? She told you, she loves  you?
50) 0) text: The door to Shelly's office slams behind Natalie. Shelly  glares at her from behind his desk. We see him thumbing h steel abacus. The beads drifting toward the center. Natal shakily lights up a cigarette.
50) 1) dialog: Put that fucking thing out!
50) 4) dialog: You should be. You've gone and fucked  it up big time. I paid you to be his  cooze companion, not his fucking  true love. But, no, you had to go  and get all profound on the poor  schmuck. (mimics female voice) "I love you, Bernie." You know what  you've gone and done, sweetheart?  Those four little words of endearment  have already cost this casino a  million and counting today.
50) 6) dialog: (jumps to his feet) Lady luck. You never heard'a lady  luck?! That's what's goin' on out  there. Lootz is Kryptonite on a stick.  He should have 'em throwing ice cubes  out there, but instead I got a fuckin'  meltdown on my hands.
50) 7) text: Shelly walks around his desk to Natalie.
50) 8) dialog: OK, here's what's gonna happen. You're  outta his life by the time he gets  home. Don't even tell him to his  face, just leave a note. I'll make  some calls, situate you at another  joint.
50) 10) dialog: (right in her face) Excuse me?
50) 12) dialog: (close to losing it) What's there to fuckin' love? He's a  loser. Always has been, always will  be.
50) 14) dialog: And I thought you were a smart cookie  when I picked you out. You do not  want to fuck me over, darlin'. I'll  see to it that your next John's a  rattlesnake out in the desert. Now  get the fuck outta here.
50) 15) text: Natalie rushes from the office in tears. Shelly closes hi eyes for a moment -- gotta keep it together.
57) 0) text: Johnny Cappella rocks the house. PAN ACROSS to Shelly and Bernie seated in Shelly's booth. Shelly is in a jovial mo while Bernie is a portrait of misery.
57) 2) dialog: Jesus, Bernie, is that what you think  of me? That I would fuck with your  happiness? That hurts.
57) 5) dialog: Buddy was tired. I gave him an easy  out. It coulda been a lot worse...
57) 7) text: Shelly looks almost... tortured. Something he needs to ge off his chest.
57) 8) dialog: He woulda never taken the buy-out  offer. Buddy woulda stuck to his  guns, no matter what. And they woulda  ended up hurting him. I couldn't let  that happen.
57) 10) dialog: Listen to me, you dumb fuck -- I  loved that sonofabitch. But his time  was up. What I was supposed to do,  leave him to those corporate wolves?  What I did, it was the humanitarian  thing. That I have no doubt about.  Afterwards, I held him in my arms  and I cried like a fucking baby.  What? You got this look -- what's  this fucking look?
60) 0) text: Shelly looking on as a high roller cleans up at craps. Wi Bernie standing right there next to the guy. Which only seems to make it worse, as Bernie's presence s the player on to an even bigger win. Bernie has that goofy "my heart is full" look about him. Which can mean only one thing in Shelly's book. The man l about ready to split an atom. We see Larry hovering nearb with a smug grin. Off of Shelly's enraged expression...
61) 0) text: Lou's black Oldsmobile pulls into the parking lot. Shelly and the boys climb out, head for...
62) 0) text: Natalie's sunning herself at the pool. The only other peo around are a middle-aged couple and a young boy. Shelly (slipping on his leather gloves), followed by Lou Tony, strides purposefully up to Natalie -- no hellos, no just grabs her by the hair...
63) 0) text: Shelly throws Natalie onto the bed. Lou closes the door a draws the blinds.
63) 2) dialog: What did I tell you?! What did I  fuckin' tell you?!
63) 4) dialog: I don't give a fuck!
63) 5) text: Shelly heads over to the closet, rips it open, pulls out suitcase. He starts throwing Natalie's clothes into the c
63) 6) dialog: You're gone, sweetheart. History.  Kiss paradise goodbye.
63) 8) text: Shelly stops packing. He grabs Natalie up off the bed, st smacking her around.
63) 9) dialog: Who the fuck do you think you are?  You ain't nobody! I could make you  disappear like this... (snaps his fingers) And nobody would ever notice you  were gone. Nobody!
63) 11) text: Shelly lifts Natalie up, throws her across the room into dresser mirror. SMASH! She crumbles to the floor, glass  showering her. Natalie grabs up a shard, rushes Shelly wi it...
63) 13) text: She slashes Shelly across the arm. Ouch, fuck! Before Ton and Lou can make a move, Shelly ensnares her wrist -- sna it backwards -- AARRRRGGHHH!!! Shelly snatches up the sha shoves her back on the bed. We see her terror reflected i the jagged glass against her cheek...
63) 14) dialog: You fuckin' cunt...
63) 15) text: He slices her cheek open. Tony and Lou look on with mutual expressions: Shelly's ge a little carried away here. Shelly staggers to his feet...
63) 16) dialog: You think that's bad? That's just a  taste, bitch. You're still here when  Bernie gets home and I'll finish the  job. I'll cut you into so many fuckin'  pieces, the vultures'll be trading  on you for a month.
63) 17) text: Shelly reaches into his jacket, pulls out a wad of bills. Throws them at Natalie.
63) 18) dialog: Here... go get yourself some cosmetic  surgery.
63) 19) text: Shelly gestures to Tony and Lou. They exit the room, leav Natalie sobbing into one of Bernie's pillows.
66) 0) text: FADE IN on Bernie's hunched over figure, waiting on Natal He tugs at his car keys as he wrestles with his emotions. Natalie's betrayal has finally sunken in. The man's in pa His natural instinct is to just take off. Run. Fuck Natal Fuck Shelly. Fuck this whole goddamn town. Suddenly he looks up. A couple of people pass by in front him... and then there she is. Standing a few feet away, f patched-up, arms clutching herself, not sure whether to  approach him or not. The sight of her just breaks Bernie's heart. He stands sl legs like jelly -- and in that instant it's all so clear him. He walks over, forgiveness in his eyes, contrition i hers. She tries to say something. He shakes his head.
72) 0) text: Bernie makes for the Paradise Lounge. SPLIT SECOND FLASHB as he imagines Shelly laying into Natalie. Fast cuts. Reverberating sound echoes. Just the fuel Bernie needs to make his stand. By the time he arrives at
73) 0) text: He's practically foaming at the mouth with rage. He barge in to find Shelly at a table in agitated conversation wit Nicky, Larry and Marty. They fall silent, realizing somet is wrong.
73) 1) dialog: Bernie, what's the matter? You look  a little fucking spooked.
73) 2) text: Bernie throws something in Shelly's face. It's that blood rag Natalie was holding to her cheek. It lands on the tab in front of everyone. Shelly swats it away with disgust. Jumps to his feet. WHA Bernie slugs him one. As Shelly doubles over, Bernie gets his face.
73) 4) text: Shelly's goons quickly move in, grab Bernie. Drag him awa Shelly composes himself, turns to his guests.
73) 5) dialog: Will you excuse me for a moment?
74) 0) text: Lou shoves Bernie inside. Bernie kisses floor. Shelly str past, leans against his desk. Bernie slowly drags himself his feet.
74) 2) dialog: Because you never give up a good  thing, Bernie. You are a good thing.  The best fuckin' cooler there ever  was. And I need him back.
74) 4) dialog: That's a dead man talking.
74) 6) dialog: (gets in Bernie's  face) You try to walk on me, Bernie, and  I'll fuckin' bury you. The both of  you.
74) 8) text: Shelly's expression: Oh yeah?
74) 10) dialog: What the fuck? Me? I'm the loser?
74) 12) dialog: What the fuck more do I need?
74) 14) text: Shelly looks to Tony and Lou:
74) 15) dialog: You believe this fuckin' guy?
74) 16) text: Bernie gets eye-to-eye with Shelly. A first.
74) 18) text: Bernie turns his back on Shelly, strides over to the door
74) 19) dialog: That's a real heartfelt speech, Lootz.  All that Jimmy Stewart in ya face  intensity. You almost sold me. (massages his throat) Man, I've got a fucking lump in my  throat. (a beat) But it still don't change things.  You bail on me without making good  on my 150 G's and I'm gonna be forced  to close the books on you. You and  the broad. You leave me no choice.
74) 20) text: Bernie turns, looks at Shelly. Shelly's dead serious. The hard stare each other for a beat. Bernie doesn't say anyt At least, not out loud. His eyes do all the talking: "I g you leave me no choice either." HOLD on Bernie's steely  resolve.
80) 0) text: Shelly sits alone in his office, nursing a glass of Scotc listening to some scratchy Chet Baker on the turntable. H looks pre-occupied. Almost melancholic. Bernie's assessme of his life having hit home. Suddenly the door is thrown open. It's Tony...
81) 0) text: Shelly wanders up slowly to find Bernie at the center of crowd. He steps behind the table into the casino pit to g a closer look.
81) 1) dialog: (to the boxman) How much is he up?
81) 4) text: Shelly mouths the words under his breath.
81) 5) dialog: Why didn't one of you fucking geniuses  call me?
81) 13) text: Bernie points to Shelly standing in the pit. The crowd wa the drama play out.
81) 17) text: Shelly stands motionless. Staring into Bernie's eyes. The whole crowd watches. After what seems like an eternity, S nods. Then the Boxman feeds the chips in with the others. moment later, we can nary tell they were ever gone. Larry appears next to Shelly. Nicky and Marty watching fr the sidelines -- dour expressions.
81) 19) dialog: Lootz's off the clock. As long as  he's off the clock, he's free to  play. Just like every other schmuck  in this joint.
81) 21) text: Shelly suddenly jabs Larry in the throat with the tips of his fingers. Larry gasps, starts to cave. Shelly keeps hi upright, escorts him to a nearby men's room. Nicky and Ma looking on in amazement.
82) 0) text: The door flies open, Larry catapults into frame. OOF! Bounces off the wall. Shelly's right behind him. He drags Larry to his feet. Slams him into the wall again -- gets  right up in his face.
82) 1) dialog: Now you listen real good, you Harvard  turd. Lootz is on the up-and-up. He  leaves here tonight with whatever he  comes out with. You so much as touch  a hair on his head and I'll fucking  wallpaper this joint with your ass.  Muted tones, right? (slams him hard) What's that? I don't hear nothing.  Wait a minute -- yeah, now I hear  it.
82) 2) text: Blended in at a subsonic level. Some kinda mantra: pain, pain, pain. Shelly headbutts Larry. It's like the sound of a walnut  cracking. Larry slumps to the floor. Shelly takes a deep  breath. Control, control, control. He heads over to the s washes his hands -- over and over. Larry moaning in the b Shelly adjusts his tie in the mirror. Control.
83) 0) text: Shelly exits the men's room, makes his way back to the cr table where Bernie is. Just in time to see Bernie lay twe five grand on the pass line. A waitress hands a drink off Bernie. He takes a healthy swig. Then picks up the dice. Throws.
83) 14) text: Locks eyes with Shelly -- then lets loose. The dice fly f his hand. Slowly, ever so slowly we watch them sail acros the table. The entire table holds their breath in  anticipation...
86) 0) text: On the surveillance monitors: the epidemic continues --  players winning at every table. The Shangri-la's been wip out. There's no way they can cover this amount of winning action. PANNING ACROSS to Shelly. Defeated. The phone rings  incessantly in the b.g. Shelly ignores it. Lou pokes his head into the office:
86) 2) text: Shelly doesn't respond. He reaches into his desk drawer f that bottle and a glass. Is about to pour himself a shot. Fuck it. Pushes the glass aside. Takes it straight from t bottle. The phone keeps ringing... On the scale model of the newly proposed Shangri-la. Hold it. WHAM! A chair enters frame, shatters "paradise." WIDER: Shelly trashing the model with a vengeance. Kickin the debris around the office. Drenched in sweat, Shelly staggers over to his desk. Swat the empty gin bottle to the floor. Picks up his disinfect spray, gives his desk one last wipedown. Immaculate. Stands, walks out...
88) 0) text: Shelly opens the door to his Cadillac. Climbs behind the  wheel. His keys are already waiting in the ignition. Who' gonna steal Shelly Kaplow's car, right? Shelly doesn't start her up. He just leans back in his se emits a deep sigh. He glances up at the rearview mirror. Catches sight of a SILHOUETTE in the back.
90) 0) text: Nicky leans forward out of the shadows. Shelly holds his  gaze in the mirror. Nicky just shrugs.
90) 2) text: Shelly nods. He knows the score... A flash of steel appea against his head. Muzzle strobe -- THUP! So long, Shelly  Kaplow.