35) 3) text: Only now do we see Bernie has arrived to cool the table o its hot shooter -- A LOUD, pudgy, overdressed SUBURBANITE Shelly eyes Bernie.
35) 6) text: Shelly signals Bernie to back off. Bernie steps back. Shelly, Larry and Marty head for the restaurant. Nicky qu slaps down some green. The stickman slides the dice over to the suburbanite who shooting. He scuttles the dice. They bounce up over the r and spike Nicky on the forehead before dropping back on t felt. The players chuckle.
35) 8) text: Nicky rubs his forehead, glares at the suburbanite. He fi back.
35) 9) dialog: C"mon, pops! What the hell? I coulda  paid my mortgage with the money I  just lost.
35) 13) text: Suburbanite is still fuming over his loss. Nicky places a couple hundred on the passline.
35) 17) text: Suburbanite watches as Nicky runs through a lengthy pre-s routine. Lots of hand jive and cuff shooting.
35) 18) dialog: Hurry it up, gramps. Your soup's  getting cold.
35) 22) dialog: Hey, Busketti, maybe you should try  shuffleboard.
35) 23) text: Nicky is fed the dice again. Same routine. Nicky just fir an incendiary look back at the suburbanite.
35) 24) dialog: Uncle Palsy? Shake'em this direction.
35) 28) dialog: Good now throw it before you fucking  keel over and die, old man.
35) 30) dialog: Happy birthday to me. Happy Birthday  to me... Jesus, fuck, I'm another  year older already.
35) 34) dialog: Don't take it so hard, pops. Everybody  craps out.
35) 35) text: Nicky locks eyes with the suburbanite. Then flashes a smi that suggests he's going to brush it off. He turns away f the table...
35) 36) dialog: Now go change your fucking Depends.
35) 37) text: Nicky makes like it's all in good jest. Yeah, that's real cute. He heads around the table to the suburbanite, holds out his hand as if to say: Hey, no hard feelings. The  suburbanite shrugs. What the fuck? I was just playing wit you, pops. He reaches for Nicky's hand... when Nicky sudd headbutts him. Before anyone can react, Nicky starts layi into the suburbanite. The man goes down and. Nicky continues pummeling him...
35) 39) text: Shelly alerted to the fracas, rushes back to the table. H takes immediate control of the situation. Snaps his finge at security. The suburbanite is whisked away with a pocke of comps and a bruised ego. Shelly takes Nicky aside, att to calm him. Nicky keeps railing at Shelly: