16) 0) text: BUDDY STAFFORD, the Paradise Lounge's star attraction, is performing on stage. He's a poor man's Tony Bennett. Mid late 60's. A staple at the Paradise for the last 20 years The singer sluggishly descends the stage to the lounge fl almost tripping over his microphone cable. Buddy works the room, leaning in real close to the ladies delivering the requisite eye contact. When their companio react with mock outrage, Buddy raises his fists playfully a boxer's defensive stance. It's classic Buddy Stafford  schtick. From somewhere across the lounge, an ATTRACTIVE WOMAN jum up and throws her panties at Buddy. Buddy catches them an waves them in the air... just as another pair whizzes by. We PAN ACROSS to Shelly seated at his corner booth, in th company of Nicky Fingers, Larry and Marty. TIGHT ON SHELLY as he focuses on Buddy. A smile threatens his patented stoicism. He's flashing back on the old days While Nicky and Marty are clearly enjoying Buddy's  performance, Larry fixates on the singer with joyless eye We take on LARRY'S POV of Buddy -- SLOW MOTION CLOSE-UPS of BUDDY SINGING. The MUSIC SLOWED  DOWN with the action, emphasizing Buddy's lack of energy. Sweat dripping off Buddy's forehead, splattering into tin jewels against his microphone. Buddy's tired eyes. Shakin hands around the mic. SMASH CUT to real time APPLAUSE as Buddy reaches the end the song. Larry is the only one not clapping. RACK ACROSS Shelly as he picks up on this.
38) 33) text: Security (Tony and Lou) corrals the couple. Leads them aw Bernie watches as they pass by. Mikey looks into Bernie's eyes. They both know he's been made. Natalie doesn't say  anything, just looks at Bernie.
39) 0) text: Slot machines everywhere -- some on the way out, some on way in. Crates of casino supplies. Bernie rushes in with Natalie behind him. Heading for an  aural beacon of BLOWS landing on flesh... GRUNTING,  PLEADING... ...arriving to find Tony and Lou kicking the shit out of  Mikey on the floor. Charlene lies clutching her belly a f feet away. Shelly swings a baseball bat, warming up for s blood sport. Larry watches from the sidelines -- at once  appalled and enthralled.
49) 0) text: Natalie's serving drinks to a table of high rollers, when Tony and Lou appear behind her...
62) 0) text: Natalie's sunning herself at the pool. The only other peo around are a middle-aged couple and a young boy. Shelly (slipping on his leather gloves), followed by Lou Tony, strides purposefully up to Natalie -- no hellos, no just grabs her by the hair...
63) 15) text: He slices her cheek open. Tony and Lou look on with mutual expressions: Shelly's ge a little carried away here. Shelly staggers to his feet...
63) 19) text: Shelly gestures to Tony and Lou. They exit the room, leav Natalie sobbing into one of Bernie's pillows.
74) 14) text: Shelly looks to Tony and Lou:
80) 0) text: Shelly sits alone in his office, nursing a glass of Scotc listening to some scratchy Chet Baker on the turntable. H looks pre-occupied. Almost melancholic. Bernie's assessme of his life having hit home. Suddenly the door is thrown open. It's Tony...
80) 1) dialog: Shelly, take a look at number 4.