11) 11) text: A beautiful WOMAN in a low cut dress, sashays her way pas them, heading for a high rollers craps table. Shelly reac out, napkin in hand, grabs her arm. Hands her his card. S snatches it, looks it over. Immediately loses all attitud Oh shit.
16) 0) text: BUDDY STAFFORD, the Paradise Lounge's star attraction, is performing on stage. He's a poor man's Tony Bennett. Mid late 60's. A staple at the Paradise for the last 20 years The singer sluggishly descends the stage to the lounge fl almost tripping over his microphone cable. Buddy works the room, leaning in real close to the ladies delivering the requisite eye contact. When their companio react with mock outrage, Buddy raises his fists playfully a boxer's defensive stance. It's classic Buddy Stafford  schtick. From somewhere across the lounge, an ATTRACTIVE WOMAN jum up and throws her panties at Buddy. Buddy catches them an waves them in the air... just as another pair whizzes by. We PAN ACROSS to Shelly seated at his corner booth, in th company of Nicky Fingers, Larry and Marty. TIGHT ON SHELLY as he focuses on Buddy. A smile threatens his patented stoicism. He's flashing back on the old days While Nicky and Marty are clearly enjoying Buddy's  performance, Larry fixates on the singer with joyless eye We take on LARRY'S POV of Buddy -- SLOW MOTION CLOSE-UPS of BUDDY SINGING. The MUSIC SLOWED  DOWN with the action, emphasizing Buddy's lack of energy. Sweat dripping off Buddy's forehead, splattering into tin jewels against his microphone. Buddy's tired eyes. Shakin hands around the mic. SMASH CUT to real time APPLAUSE as Buddy reaches the end the song. Larry is the only one not clapping. RACK ACROSS Shelly as he picks up on this.
47) 0) text: A -- Bernie arrives at a hundred dollar blackjack table j in time for the dealer to bust out. The crowd goes crazy! B -- Bernie takes a break by leaning up against the side a slot machine. Suddenly, the woman playing it hits a jac C -- Everywhere he seems to go, people continue to win. D -- Bernie, despite the spooky irony, can't help but smi as mountains of chips pile up on the tables. Shelly appea behind him. Not a happy camper. He gestures Bernie to fol him.
78) 0) text: A -- Close on a slot machine as it pays out. The woman gr the payout feverishly. B -- A group at the blackjack table cheers as the dealer  busts out. C -- The line at the cashier cage gets longer and longer. -- CHIPS. Stacks and stacks of chips, being meticulously  counted. D -- A quick shot of a roulette ball dropping into number twenty-one. The dealer slowly puts the marker atop a larg stack of chips in the twenty-one square.
83) 10) dialog: Don't do it!