4) 0) text: This is a small neighborhood restaurant, with the feeling a local hangout. There are fishermen lounging at the bar, and a teenage boy playing one of the pinball machines. Tw ladies in housedresses, with their hair in curlers, are  sitting at one of the booths, having coffee. The rear wal of the restaurant is almost all window, looking out over bay and the parking area below. A television set over the bar is going. The shots and horsehoof beats of an old Wes movie should be HEARD muted throughout following.  DEKE  CARTER, who owns the restaurant with his wife, alternates his attention between serving his customers and watching Western. He looks up immediately when Mitch and Melanie E
4) 3) dialog: (instantly alarmed)
4) 6) dialog: Shall I call the doctor?
4) 9) dialog: You cut yourself outside, Miss?
4) 11) dialog: I had a man trip and fall in the  parking lot once, sued me before I  could bat an eyelash.
4) 13) dialog: (doubtfully)
64) 0) text: It is lunchtime and there is a busy bustle to the place a DEKE CARTER officiates behind the bar and HELEN CARTER, h wife, rushes back and forth between diners at the tables. DRUNK sits at the bar, old, grizzled, the weary wisdom of booze in him. In one of the booths sits SEBASTIAN SHOLES his shirt sleeves, eating a hurried lunch quickly and  efficiently. A WOMAN and TWO CHILDREN are seated at anoth table, about to order. A party of noisy SALESMAN is laugh and clowning around throughout following at a table in th rear. The phone from behind the bar has been placed on th counter, and Melanie is speaking into it while Deke liste Over her head, the television set is blasting with its  perennial Western, the gun shots punctuating her conversa
64) 5) dialog: Just the Bodega Bay School. (to Mrs. Bundy)
64) 9) text: Could you turn that down, please? Deke gives Mrs. Bundy her change, turns off television.
64) 23) dialog: In the book right here, Miss. As Melanie looks it up...
64) 24) dialog: (to Mrs. Bundy)
64) 38) dialog: Mrs. Bundy, you don't seem to  understand. This young lady says  there was an attack on the school.
64) 45) dialog: Bunch of crows attacked the school,  Helen.
64) 62) dialog: I didn't even know there were many  crows in Bodega Bay this time of  year.
64) 74) dialog: (making a connection)
64) 79) text: Deke, I'm still waiting for those  Bloody Marys!
64) 80) dialog: Coming right up!
64) 91) dialog: You're scaring me, too. Are you trying  to say all these... (he shakes his head)
64) 130) dialog: Why not, Mrs. Bundy?
64) 136) dialog: Well, we seem to have more than our  share of them right now, Mrs. Bundy.   Maybe this young lady's right.  Maybe  they've all gone crazy.
64) 140) dialog: Coming.
64) 166) dialog: Nothing's wrong.
64) 180) text: Put on your coats, children! (to Deke)
64) 182) dialog: The freeway, ma'am.
64) 219) dialog: Let's see. Scallops and coffee...
64) 251) dialog: We don't have any fog this time of  year, Mitch.
64) 257) dialog: What good'll that do? Smoke's as bad  as birds.
64) 265) dialog: (alarmed)
65) 4) text: Stay back in here. Deke Carter comes running from behind the bar to join Mit They both EXIT. Melanie dashes back to her original place the window. The CAMERA RETREATING with her, we come to th window and over Melanie's shoulder we see the men arrive rescue the attacked gas station attendant. Three or four gulls are still attacking and they flutter  away as the men appear to beat them off. Suddenly Melanie the foreground turns in full profile to her right and loo down.
73) 0) text: Through window she sees Deke Carter run off in one direct while Mitch suddenly sees a child at the window of the bu building adjacent to the flaming and smoking gas station. Mitch dashes across and goes up the short staircase into smoking building.