70) 4) dialog: You're hiding something, aren't you?
70) 11) dialog: What did Valentin say about his cadre?
70) 13) dialog: His group. The movement. who they are, where they meet.
70) 15) dialog: What does he talk about? 75. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org
70) 18) dialog: Did he show you the letter he got?
70) 20) dialog: Did you read the part about his Uncle Americo?
70) 22) dialog: That's a code phrase, telling him Americo has disappeared. How did he react?
70) 24) dialog: Of course, you idiot. What did he say about the new prisoner? The one across the hall.
70) 26) dialog: Did he tell you his name?
70) 28) dialog: No, you idiot! The name of the new prisoner!
70) 30) dialog: Who put a hood on him?
70) 32) dialog: Dammit, how do you expect him to talk if he can't even see the bastard's face?
70) 34) dialog: Molina. You remember when they kidnapped the American Ambassador? (Molina nods) We looked like idiots in the foreign press. We gotta know everything they're planning. No matter how small. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 78. Pedro lifts Molina's chin and glares into his eyes.
70) 35) dialog: AS soon as he recognizes the old guy across the hall, he'll spill his guts. Remember every damn word he says.
70) 37) dialog: The quicker he talks , the quicker you get out. (steps back) Now get back to work. Molina stands up to leave, then hesitates.
84) 2) dialog: If you don't, he'll have to be interrogated again, and thoroughly. You understand my meaning?
86) 0) text: Molina faces the Warden and Pedro.
88) 0) text: Pedro paces the room, then approaches Molina's chair.
88) 1) dialog: Okay, do it. Tell him you're up for parole, so we're changing your cell in 24 hours.
93) 1) dialog: (seething) You shit-face motherfuck. Talk!
93) 3) dialog: Graveyard? If you don't talk, you'll be a graveyard. I'11 bury your pussy under six feet of chicken shit. Molina's mouth begins to tremble, then his whole body. The warden pulls a chair beside him in the circle of light.
93) 10) dialog: You faggot piece of shit! You fell in love with that motherfucker!
93) 16) dialog: You watch, that stupid cunt will lead us right to the bastards.
103) 0) text: The black sedan is parked across the street. Seated beside the driver is Pedro. His lips do not move, but we hear him filing a police report. He lifts his binoculars and stares at Molina in the window. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 107.
103) 1) dialog: Subsequent surveillance reveals that the suspect has left his residence only once since release. Suspect has answered no phone calls, has not returned to work, and has seen no one, with the exception of a single visit to his mother in the hospital. He seems withdrawn and depressed, and spends approximately one hour each afternoon staring out a window facing south. Molina remains motionless at the window. His sad eyes gaze across the city rooftops at the distant prison.
112) 0) text: The black sedan creeps through dense carnival throngs. Pedro, straining, watches Molina thread his way through the crowd.
112) 1) dialog: Subsequent surveillance reveals the suspect has engaged in a number of erratic activities. One, suspect executed a power-of-attorney toa homosexual cabaret singer known as Greta, who is now under investigation. (MORE )
112) 3) dialog: Two, suspect sent a letter toa waiter, Gabriel Montes, who has been picked up for interrogation. Three, suspect closed out his bank account...
112) 4) dialog: spots Molina turning into a shopping arcade.
116) 0) text: Molina, limping, hurries along the dark alley. Pedro and three Agents round the corner and chase him with their guns drawn.
116) 1) dialog: Stop! Molina! Bystanders scatter. Molina keeps moving. Pedro rapidfires three shots. Molina blasted twice in the back, plunges to his hands and knees. Pedro dashes to catch up. Molina, gasping, struggles to his feet and staggers along the dark wall to the sun-lit street. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 113. Pedro's Agents swarm forward and hustle him into the backseat of a black sedan. As Pedro jumps in, the car lurches away.
117) 0) text: Molina moans on the backseat floor. Pedro straddles his waist and shouts in his ear.
117) 1) dialog: The phone number. Tell me the number and you go to the hospital I As Pedro shakes him, Molina spits up foamy blood.
117) 2) dialog: The number! Talk, you fucking fag! Tell me that number! Molina looks calm. All NOISES fade away. The only SOUND is his sad bolero and his quiet voice.