23) 0) text: Molina, acting out Werner's applause, is totally immersed in his movie. Valentin lies in his bunk
27) 0) text: Leni examines the flowers, finds Werner's name-card and tosses it Leni pats aside. The Blonde enters the dressing room.
34) 0) text: Werner sees Leni and the Blonde step outside and wave goodbye. As Leni approaches the limousine, Werner opens the door.
34) 1) dialog: Thank you for accepting my invitation.
34) 3) dialog: Nothing is better than Rhein wine. The finest in all Germany.
37) 0) text: Werner and Leni sip champagne, staring into each other's eyes.
37) 1) dialog: (seductive smile) This French Resistance of yours can never do us real harm. But if it doesn't stop, it will destroy your country. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 34.
37) 3) dialog: (laughs) I'm not offended. I like your arrogance. Everyone loves their country. If it were otherwise, I wouldn't trust you. (lifts his glass) Here's to a great artiste. Leni lifts her glass.
42) 0) text: Leni stands at the front door, waving goodbye to Werner in his limousine. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 43.
47) 0) text: Werner descends from the mezzanine in his baroque chateau Leni stands next to the BUTLER in the vestibule.
47) 2) dialog: (to butler) Prepare the guest room. Werner takes her hand and leads her into the salon.
48) 1) dialog: Your hand is trembling. Are you cold?
48) 3) dialog: The waves of violins are like the waters of the German River which is navigated by a Man-God. A man who fears nothing ... because his love for his Motherland makes him as invincible as a god. Hitler's eyes sparkle in the candlelight, as if alive.
50) 0) text: Leni stares hypnotically at Hitler's portrait. Werner stands behind her, as if whispering in her ear. The Wagner music swells. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 49. Propaganda film images are SUPERIMPOSED over their faces: Olympic athletes with massive physiques carrying torches; endless columns of virile youth marching in perfect order a mass rally standing at rigid attention.
50) 1) dialog: The German Resurrection is a masculine endeavor.
50) 3) dialog: A woman who bears five children for the Reich makes a greater contribution than the finest scientist. SUPERIMPOSE images of Nazi military power: tanks, armored vehicles, marching soldiers, cheering throngs.
50) 4) dialog: Our army will liberate the entire world from inferiority and imperfection. From the Jews, from the Communists, from the Vatican. Until everyone worships this god as their rightful Leader. SUPERIMPOSE a film of Hitler making a speech. Then a film of Hitler kissing a child. END SUPERIMPOSITION. Leni is entranced. She turns to Werner with a tentative kiss. His eyes brim with tears.
59) 0) text: Leni awakes on silk sheets in a giant antique bed. She reaches for Werner and realizes he is gone. She notices the bedroom phone off the hook. Curious, she steps to the window and picks up the receiver.
60) 0) text: Werner hosts a gathering of German OFFICIALS and WIVES in the glass-enclosed garden. Leni is alone in Werner's adjacent office, singing at the grand piano. As she concludes, the Germans applaud for an encore. Leni puts a record on the phonograph. The Germans, again enraptured, are unaware that her performance is now a recording. Quickly, Leni finds a key and unlocks Werner's desk. As she rifles through papers, Werner's old BUTLER approaches the office. As he stops to adjust his watch, Leni finds the map. She slips back to the piano and resumes singing, just as the Butler enters the office.
73) 0) text: Molina's cup turns into Leni's broken goblet. She and Werner sit at a majestic table. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org 82.
73) 2) dialog: Come with me and you'll understand.
75) 0) text: SUPER-IMPOSED on Molina's face: Leni and Werner exit the headquarters, flanked by massive Doric columns and Nazi flags.
76) 0) text: The Clubfoot's car drives through the rain to a small farmhouse in a forest. He and Leni get out and enter the house. Werner's limousine stops nearby.