7) 0) text: A FAMILY at breakfast, baffled that their cutlery, bowls and glasses resonate with the sound of Jeltz's voice.
7) 1) dialog: As you are probably aware, plans for the development of the outlying regions of the galaxy involve the building of a hyperspace express route through your star system...
8) 0) text: Several PATRONS watch the wall of TV's, all projecting a snowy, distorted image. Jeltz's voice blares through the speakers.
8) 1) dialog: ...and, unfortunately, your planet is one of those scheduled for demolition. The process will take slightly less than two of your Earth minutes. Thank you.
9) 1) dialog: There's no point in acting all surprised about it. The plans and demolition orders have been on display at your local planning office in Alpha Centauri for fifty of your Earth years, so you've had plenty of time to lodge formal complaints.
12) 0) text: Jeltz turns.   He's large, green and walrusy.
12) 1) dialog: Apathetic bloody planet, I've no sympathy at all. Energize the demolition beams.
12) 4) dialog: Detonate.
14) 0) text: Jeltz consults one screen after another. At last he sees Ford and Arthur. His walrusy eyes narrow.
14) 51) dialog: <unintelligible and="" gargles="" howls="">
14) 55) dialog: This is your captain speaking, so stop whatever you're doing and pay attention!
14) 57) dialog: According to our instruments we have unwittingly picked up a couple of hitchhikers who must be apprehended and...
14) 62) dialog: ...and this is not a taxi service for degenerate freeloaders.
16) 2) dialog: Oh freddled gruntbuggly! Thy suppurations are to me as plerdled gabbleblotchits on a lurgid bee.
16) 10) dialog: Or I shall rend thee In the gobberwarts with my blurglecruncheaon, see if I don't!
16) 13) dialog: So, Earthlings, I present you with a simple choice. Either die in the vacuum of space, or -- tell what you thought of my poem.
16) 16) text: Jeltz looks surprised. Ford notices, whispers to Arthur.
16) 19) dialog: Continue. . .
16) 27) text: Jeltz rubs one of his chins, then smiles and claps slowly
16) 31) dialog: An astute analysis. Very impressive. (turning to the Guard) Throw them off the ship.
16) 34) dialog: Hmph. "Counterpoint the surrealism of the underlying metaphor..." Death's too good for them.
16) 35) text: Jeltz picks up his fishing rod, goes for another crab.
23) 0) text: A light blinks on a console. A VOGON CAPTAIN turns a dial, listens through his head set. He punches a few buttons. COMMANDER KWALTZ (green and walrusy like Jeltz) appears on the large monitor, sitting in his chair at Command Headquarters.