0) 3) dialog: He’s not going to come.
0) 7) dialog: We should move closer! He slices the canvas, and the two dive out into the squar
1) 2) dialog: I don't see him.
1) 4) dialog: Yes, but he’s also very smart. [The boys crawl past a MAN in ROUGH HOODED CLOAK, his san visible -- He reaches out and grabs them (gently) by the ears. It is FELIPE, an out-of-place scowl on his round, jovial face.
1) 7) text: Alejandro grabs Joaquin, yanks him down. Back on all four leading, they crawl back through the crowd. Suddenly, Ale cut off, bumping into the knees of a MAN in a ROUGH HOODE Sure he's caught, he looks down --] Beneath the monk's robe are SHINY BLACK BOOTS WITH SILVER And the SILVER TIP of a SCABBARD. ?Alejandro's eyes go wide. He looks up -- ANGLE - LOOKING UP: Beneath the monk's hood, a mask, a da mustache, the flash of a smile. It's ZORRO. He puts a fin his lips: 'Shhh.' Alejandro wheels, scrambles back to Joaquin.
1) 8) dialog: Joaquin! He's here! He's here!
1) 10) dialog: (a finger to his lips, a la Zorro) SHHHH! He's right over there -- [He points -- ?The monk's robe lies discarded on the ground. ] Alejandro looks around in wonder, amazed at the disappear Joaquin grabs his hand, heads for a ladder.
3) 13) dialog: Zorro! The crowd sees him. People point; a cry rises up:
3) 20) dialog: Look!
8) 0) text: CLOSE ON: THE MEDALLION. Hanging from the neck of JOAQUIN twenty years older. Intense, earnest -- and in trouble. A around his neck is a ROPE, tying him to -- -- ALEJANDRO MURIETTA, trailing behind. Handsome despite unkempt hair and shaggy beard. Their hands apparently tie them, they are prisoners of -- THREE-FINGERED JACK, a powerfully-built man, the rough lo bounty hunter. Only three fingers on his left hand; the b the other two jut from his hat band. On horseback, he lea brothers by the rope. They crest a hill. In the distance is a WATERING STATION produce shack with a horse trough and feed bins. Jack grins, gives the rope a yank. Alejandro and Joaquin defeated glance, trudge forward --
9) 0) text: CLOSE ON: A POSTER: 'WANTED: THE MURIETTA BROTHERS.' Pass drawings of Joaquin and Alejandro. The poster is being nailed to a post by CORPORAL LOPEZ, a soldier. He is watched by the OWNER, his little GIRL, an and a FARMER. Three SOLDIERS loiter, guarding a horse-drawn wagon. Thei drink, and the soldiers help themselves to produce -- to disgust.
9) 20) dialog: So -- how much is the reward? (Lopez glares at him) Just asking.
9) 23) dialog: (aghast ) Two hundred pesos? For each of us? Joaquin reaches up, tears down the poster, looks at it
9) 25) dialog: That's insulting! (to Jack) If I were you, I wouldn't accept it. You worked too hard to catch us. Lopez's eyes widen -- he finally notices that Joaquin's h free, holding the poster. He points --
9) 27) dialog: Joaquin! Down! (CONTINUED)
9) 32) dialog: Next time. Jack, gun still on Lopez, picks up the Wanted Poster.
9) 34) dialog: Maybe you shouldn't make an issue of it, Jack.
10) 7) dialog: And we turned out so well. That gold is ours! We should just take it and run!
10) 9) dialog: This isn't some army payroll. This is something else -- something big. They'll hunt us down. We'll just be three more disaparecidos.
10) 11) dialog: Look around, Joaquin! Do any of us look like Zorro? (pointed) No! Joaquin regards him. Then puts a hand on his shoulder
18) 0) text: A rocky cove, spectacular in the moonlight. A campfire bu short of the treeline. Joaquin and Alejandro lay on bedro Three-Fingered Jack stands watch.
18) 3) dialog: I couldn't hope to match the grandeur of your dreams.
18) 5) dialog: You keep your horse, Joaquin. I'll keep my sefiorita -- There is a CRACK from the darkness. The three freeze, and Alejandro dives for his gun -- -- but stops short, a BAYONET in his face, freezing him. stands over him. The camp is quickly circled by soldiers, some with lanter horses, all with guns leveled. (CONTINUED)
18) 12) dialog: If you insist. Alejandro kicks away the rifle pointed at him. Grabs two logs and virtually throws the campfire at the soldiers. S
18) 14) dialog: Scatter! He grabs one of the soldiers' swords. The outlaws run. SH follow them --
19) 0) text: ON ALEJANDRO: who heads uphill. He breaks into a clearing ARMED SOLDIER turns and sees him. Alejandro brandishes his sword with a flourish. ?The Armed Soldier grins, pulls his pistol. ?Alejandro looks distressed at the sight of the gun. He f raising his sword as the SHOT is FIRED -- The SOUND of bullet hitting steel. Alejandro looks: his s broken. But he is okay. He grins -- Now the Armed Soldier looks distressed. He tries to re-lo pistol -- Alejandro hurls the sword hilt at him, hitting head. He grabs the soldier's LANTERN, takes off. A RIDER and a SOLDIER on foot turn and look: Alejandro's bobs in and among the trees. They follow. +0N JOAQUIN: running down a rock-covered slope into a spi moonlight. He pulls up short: a deadfall blocks his way. unsheathes his sword, turns. A SHOT ricochets nearby; he cover. Another SHOT kicks rock chips into his face. +0N JACK: who is chased along the shore. One soldier brac rifle on a piece of driftwood. FIRES -- ?Jack crumples, shot in the leg. Soldiers converge. ON ALEJANDRO: who comes to the edge of a steep hill. He s Joaquin below on the rocky slope. Sounds of pursuit near. The Rider gestures; they split up. The Soldier creeps tow bobbing LANTERN. He steps around a tree, pistol leveled. The LANTERN hangs from a bobbing tree branch.
19) 5) dialog: Joaquin! JOAQUIN! Furious, he breaks from his hiding place, toward Love --
19) 6) dialog: Damn you, you bastard! DAMN YOU! He FIRES the pistol -- ?Love doesn't flinch. The bullet barely misses him, hits behind him. He draws a handkerchief from his sleeve, wipe blade, his eyes never leaving Alejandro.
19) 7) dialog: I'll kill you! Several mounted soldiers join Love. Jack, still alive, is over the saddle of one. Alejandro pulls up short. ?The soldiers take aim -- Alejandro leaps for the Rider who was hunting him, knocks his horse. Swings across the saddle in a trick-riding mou reins the horse around, stares down at Love.
19) 8) dialog: I will see you dead, Love! (CONTINUED)
21) 0) text: The site of Joaquin's death. Empty. Quiet. Alejandro appe exhausted. He ties his horse to the deadfall -- and sees sword. Stares at it a long moment. DRIED BLOOD stains the rocks where Joaquin's body lay. Al kneels beside the spot. A FLASH OF LIGHT catches his eye. glints off of something: THE MEDALLION. ?Alejandro picks it up -- and can't hold back his tears. on the rocky slope, he cries, his body hunched in mournin
22) 2) dialog: More whiskey! Alejandro is sitting at one of the tables. Bleary-eyed. J sword is on the table, wrapped in a blanket. The Bartender carries a bottle over. Alejandro looks up. glass, waiting.
22) 4) dialog: How about this? He displays the MEDALLION. The Bartender appraises it.
22) 6) dialog: (he's not sure) Sure. The Bartender considers. Pours. Reaches for the medallion (CONTINUED)
22) 11) dialog: It was my brother's. He's dead. He drinks. Stares at the sword.
22) 12) dialog: (to himself; a vow) And the man who killed him will die by his sword. Diego regards the young man through narrow eyes. He pulls corner of the blanket, looks at the sword.
22) 14) dialog: Go away! Alejandro turns his chair away.
23) 0) text: Diego catches up to Alejandro.
23) 5) dialog: The pointy end goes in the other guy. Diego grabs Alejandro by the elbow in a come-along hold. tries to shake him off, but can't. Diego twists Alejandro pulls him into an alley --
24) 0) text: Diego swings Alejandro against a wall.
24) 1) dialog: What the hell are you doing?
24) 3) dialog: Get out of my way. He tries to push past Diego. Diego jabs him in the chest cane, assumes a fencer's stance.
24) 6) dialog: (swallows) No, please. (CONTINUED)
24) 10) dialog: A bargain has two sides ... what's mine?
24) 12) dialog: If it means I'll be able to kill that bastard ... Anything. Diego nods, then hauls Alejandro to his feet. Diego exten sword to Alejandro.
24) 14) dialog: (he'll do anything) I'll clean it. Diego nods, satisfied.
24) 16) dialog: Where are we going?
25) 0) text: Diego disappears behind the waterfall. Alejandro gives it once-over, then follows.
26) 0) text: A short passage gives way to a huge cave. Lit by moonligh the waterfall, it has a strange, otherworldly look. A torch FLARES to life, lit by Diego. Alejandro gasps. Diego stands on a forty-by-forty marble dais in the middl cave. Alejandro mounts the steps, staring in awe. The dais' surface is inlaid with an intricate design: sev circles within a large circle, with various lines of radi intersecting. It is the same design as on the medallion, the one on the floor is more complex. Alejandro lifts the medallion from inside his shirt. The designs match, although the one on the floor is more comp
26) 1) dialog: Are you ... Zorro?
26) 3) dialog: What is this place? what are we doing here?
26) 5) dialog: Yes.
26) 7) dialog: How much worse can it get? (CONTINUED)
26) 11) dialog: And you are going to do ... what?
26) 13) dialog: (sure of it now) You are Zorro.
26) 16) dialog: But Love is--
26) 18) dialog: When do we begin?
26) 23) dialog: If I'm going to learn swordplay, I'm going to need a sword. Diego stares at him. Shrugs. Hands him the sword.
27) 0) text: Alejandro stands with his feet on two parallel lines. Die his fingers, cueing Alejandro's advances and retreats. Di stops. Points. Alejandro's stance is now too wide. He ret feet to the lines. Diego resumes snapping. Alejandro exercises: lunge from a squat, return, again. D on the sword at the foot-operated grinding wheel. Alejand Rub his sore thighs. Diego stops grinding -- but doesn't matter. Alejandro resumes the drill. Diego resumes grindi CLOSE ON: Diego and Alejandro, staring grimly at one anot circling slowly, as if locked in duel corps a corps. A WI reveals the two men embraced, dancing along the radii. (CONTINUED)
27) 4) dialog: You seem pretty occupied with them. Diego ignores the barb. He holds the spadroon out.
30) 0) text: ON ALEJANDRO, slumped in the back of small mule-drawn wag low on his face. Clean-shaven now. Even so, he's clearly gentleman. Around the corner there is a commotion: men yelling, the high-spirited horse.
31) 0) text: Three Indians are wrangling a horse: A HUGE BLACK STALLIO rears and bucks. They can barely hang onto the riatas aro horse's neck. Alejandro stays in the shadows. Love and Co Lopez watch the Indians. (CONTINUED)
31) 7) dialog: He didn't even look at me.
31) 9) dialog: He won't recognize me -- without my beard --
31) 12) dialog: Hell. I want him to see hell. (CONTINUED)
31) 17) dialog: A magnificent animal. (baiting Diego) He looks like Zorro's horse, doesn't he? Maybe his bloodline?
32) 0) text: A military barracks/stables/corral. Lights in the barrack [A SHADOWY FIGURE moves toward the cuartel. Suddenly, the whirls, freezes: a RIDER bears down on him -- The rider reins up short: ELENA. She is shocked. Before h ALEJANDRO. In his version of the ZORRO outfit. Striking. stand there, staring at each other. A palpable electricit ?And then he SMILES. It startles her. Zorro lifts a finger to his lips: 'Shhh.' ?Elena narrows her eyes, unsure. Her horse whinnies, shuffles nervously. Zorro catches its and makes the 'Shhh' gesture to the horse as well. ?Elena can't help but smile at that. (CONTINUED)
45) 4) dialog: I needed a horse.
45) 6) dialog: I got the horse! I got the gold! I got away! Hell, I even rescued some Indians. Diego looks at the gold, genuinely shocked. He picks up s ingots, thinking. Turns to the seething Alejandro.
45) 8) dialog: Thank you.
45) 10) dialog: And how are you going to make that happen? I'm no don. (angry) . I am tired of waiting. It will not be a particularly satisfying revenge to watch Love die of old age. I could have killed him tonight. I'm ready.
45) 12) dialog: I am?
47) 4) dialog: There's no chance his real son will show up, is there? Or dad himself, for that matter.
47) 6) dialog: Then how the hell is this going to work? (CONTINUED)
47) 10) dialog: Great. What about my confidence?
47) 12) dialog: Good evening, Don Montero. I am Don Alejandro Castillo y Garcia. Alejandro takes Montero's hand, dips one knee and incline in greeting. Montero is surprised -- then beams.
47) 14) dialog: My late father was a stickler for etiquette.
47) 16) dialog: Don Bartolo Castillo He holds his hand out imperiously to Diego, who places a document in it.
47) 17) dialog: (a rote introduction) My servant, Bernardo. (hands over the document) I've just arrived from Spain -- by way of Paris, Lisbon and San Francisco. I'm inspecting my family's holdings.
47) 21) dialog: My father often spoke of California. That it could be a land of opportunity -- for a man of vision.
47) 23) dialog: I'm a man in search of vision. Montero cocks an eyebrow, smiles. Diego is pleased and pr Alejandro's performance.
47) 25) dialog: Yes. But it seems I've interrupted a prior engagement. I'1l call again -- Alejandro turns away. Diego catches his eye, dismayed.
47) 27) dialog: It would honor me to do so, sir.
47) 29) dialog: Charmed. I'm afraid I've brought no gift for the hostess -- Oh, wait a moment! Have you seen this one? He performs a magic trick, produces a beautiful rose. Tha surprises even Diego. Elena is nonplused, but takes it ou courtesy.
47) 33) dialog: Bernardo -- attend me! Diego shakes himself, hurries to catch up to Alejandro.
48) 0) text: A fiesta in full swing. People sit at tables as their ser bring them food and drink. An ORCHESTRA plays festive mus Couples dance formally. Some people clustered in knots, e serious discussions. ON DIEGO AND ALEJANDRO: surveying the scene. Alejandro ho glass up.
48) 1) dialog: I need more wine.
48) 3) dialog: I don't really like the wine. I just like ordering you around. [He notices Elena approaching.
48) 4) dialog: No more back talk! Do as you're told.
48) 6) dialog: Good help is so hard to find, don't you think? Good evening again, dofia Elena.
48) 10) dialog: Splendid. He takes her arm. She allows it. She leads him to a table Montero sits with Don Luiz, Hector and Love, and the Gove of those party conversations that drifts between seriousn levity. Alejandro and Elena arrive in time to hear:
48) 14) dialog: Pleased to meet you, Captain. Strange for an American to command a Mexican presidio.
48) 16) dialog: Sir! I like that. The manners are the only thing I've ever admired about the military. I have no taste for it otherwise.
48) 18) dialog: Ah -- we're discussing the theater. A comedia de capa y espada, perhaps?
48) 22) dialog: Really. Fox-hunting, eh? All those noisy dogs --
48) 35) dialog: You idiot! Clean these and return them to their places! (to the table) Excuse him Alejandro shoots Diego a plea with his eyes. Diego realiz Alejandro is asking for. He wipes the silverware with a n returns them to their places.
48) 44) dialog: I think ... that sheep will always need shepherds. Elena scowls at him. Alejandro picks up his soup spoon -- gives it a happy glance -- and begins to eat.
48) 50) dialog: I'd be delighted. ] She considers a protest -- but Alejandro, quite pleased, leading her away. Love stares daggers. (CONTINUED)
48) 59) dialog: (spreads his hands) I have no idea. (smiles) Shall we? He opens his arms to her. A moment, and then she accepts. begin to waltz. ON MONTERO -- who is leaving the ballroom, Don Luiz in to Montero glances once back at Alejandro and Elena, smiles exits. Diego, watching him darkly, follows.
53) 0) text: Alejandro and Elena waltz together beautifully. The song Light applause from the dancers. The orchestra begins a f Elena turns away. He catches her arm.
53) 3) dialog: Does that mean you're afraid you can't keep up? (CONTINUED)
53) 7) dialog: You see, Elena? We aren't so different. Not at heart.
53) 9) dialog: I'm getting better at it. He spots Montero coming his way. He disengages from Elena immediately, becomes the height of propriety.
53) 10) dialog: Thank you for the dance, sefiorita. She's surprised at his change in behavior. He turns -- an into Montero, feigns surprise.
53) 11) dialog: Don Montero! You startled me -- need to catch my breath. Your daughter is avery -- spirited -- dancer. Montero's anger -- at Alejandro, at least -- subsides. (CONTINUED)
53) 16) dialog: Completely unnecessary, sir. Montero accepts the absolve gratefully. He claps a hand o Alejandro's shoulder.
53) 18) dialog: What?
54) 0) text: ANGLE - FROM ABOVE, looking down on the huge round wooden bull and bear carved beautifully into its surface. Select dons take seats of honor around the table. Other d Alejandro among them, stand in the torchlit courtyard. Mo stands beneath the mural, hidden by a curtain.
56) 8) dialog: Except for the ones he writes himself, of course. LAUGHTER from the room. One don thumps Alejandro on the b
56) 15) dialog: It's why I'm here.
57) 3) dialog: Gold. You've discovered gold.
58) 7) dialog: So. This is the future of California.
58) 22) dialog: Why, a man would have to be crazy to protest this. Montero smiles, slaps Alejandro's back. Alejandro and the head back to the ladders that lead up to the coaches. Love examines JACK'S BODY. Glances at his OUTSTRETCHED AR HAND with only THREE FINGERS. It POINTS DIRECTLY at ALEJANDRO, now walking away. Love w Alejandro, suspicious now, his frown deepening.
61) 0) text: The dons, in a celebratory mood, emerge from the coaches, the house. Alejandro is the last one out; his mood is muc ebullient. Diego waits with Tornado and his donkey. Alejandro goes t As he checks the cinch of his saddle:
61) 1) dialog: He's discovered gold. A lot of it. Diego is surprised -- but believes it.
61) 3) dialog: He's got people in chains -- working the mines. He says they're criminals. (shakes his head) I saw a child's footprint. And my friend Jack -- (his voice falters) Jack was there as well. (grim) I think I have found the disaparecidos.
61) 4) text: I think ... that it is time for Zorro to make another appearance. Tonight. Alejandro gives him a questioning look. Before he can say (CONTINUED)
61) 9) dialog: Yes?
61) 11) dialog: Very well. I'1l meet you there.
61) 13) dialog: If it's that urgent, Captain, how can I refuse? He and Diego exchange a look, and then Alejandro follows soldiers away. Tornado snorts. Love glances at him -- the double-take. Shakes his head, moves away.
64) 0) text: The Cuartel is in the midst of reconstruction. Alejandro into a chair at a desk. Love sits across from him. A wate and two glasses are before him.
64) 2) dialog: Would you care to share it with me? Love takes one of the glasses, but ignores the wine. He f from a container in his desk drawer, out of sight from Al
64) 3) text: Did you know that ancient warriors would cannibalize their slain enemies? In order to absorb their essence. Their eyes, in particular, were most sought after. To see through the eyes of an enemy was a valuable thing. ] Love sips from his glass, regards Alejandro with hooded e
64) 6) dialog: Interesting taste you have. (nods at Joaquin) Who was he? An irate husband, maybe? (CONTINUED)
64) 10) dialog: Well, I wish you luck. -- he picks up the jar containing Joaquin's head.
64) 11) dialog: To your health. ?-- and DRINKS BRINE from it. His eyes never leave Love's narrows his eyes at him.
64) 13) dialog: Am I? Maybe someday I'll see what I look like through your eyes, Captain Love. With that, Alejandro pats his lips with his handkerchief, saunters out.
65) 0) text: [CLOSE ON: Alejandro's eyes. He looks out at -- The Estate. Serene under the bright stars. He and Diego s from a secluded vantage point. Tornado is tied to a tree. canister of kerosene sits to one side.
65) 4) dialog: Montero ... What about Love? (seeing it) He kept my brother's head. In a jar. He ... (he falters) He is a monster.
65) 6) dialog: Yes ... very well. Diego squeezes his shoulder, questioningly. Alejandro nod okay.']
65) 8) dialog: What's the signal?
80) 0) text: Alejandro rushes past trees. Dives into the cover of a bu Quiets his breathing. SOUNDS of pursuit all around:
85) 0) text: The map is rolled open on the dais. Alejandro and Diego s the cave floor. Alejandro traces a river with his finger.
85) 1) dialog: This is the canyon, here. There were at least ten guards -- but we can handle them. He heads across the dais for the exit. Diego doesn't move (CONTINUED)
85) 4) dialog: Once the prisoners are free, they'll join the fight -- (he looks back) What are you waiting for? We have to get moving!
85) 7) dialog: But the prisoners will die! Diego slams his hand on the dais.
85) 10) dialog: You told me that the circle would expand ... my world would get larger. It has. (beat ) There is more at stake here than just revenge.
85) 14) dialog: I am no longer certain killing Love is the best way to honor Joaquin. (accusing) You said this was about saving California -- the people of California. They believe Zorro is their protector -- Diego laughs a sharp, bitter laugh.
85) 16) dialog: Elena. Elena is your daughter.
85) 18) dialog: You think Montero will give up his daughter for the sake of his dream?
85) 20) dialog: Yourself? (beat ) I ride to the mine. Diego grabs Alejandro by the collar. (CONTINUED)
85) 24) dialog: Then that gives you something to do! Save her! (quoting) No innocent will die, as long as Zorro is alive to rescue them. (lets it sink in) Too bad you're dead. He shoves Diego away. The old man sprawls to the ground.
85) 27) dialog: No. You taught me to be Zorro. He leaves. Diego is alone, in the middle of the dais, in of the circle. Lost. Searching for his course.
101) 5) dialog: No. He's not. Alejandro stands at the edge of the stairs.
101) 6) dialog: I'm Zorro. And he looks it, even in torn black clothes. Love sneers attacks. (CONTINUED)
101) 12) text: Alejandro strips off his mask.
101) 13) dialog: Murietta. Joaquin was my brother. Elena is shocked.
102) 7) dialog: Maybe you should see this. Alejandro takes the pouch from Diego's belt, slides it to Anna. Don Luiz sees the pouch, moves to take it. Santa Anna sla hand down on the pouch. Picks it up. Slips on a pair of h glasses from his jacket. Examines the map.
102) 8) dialog: They discovered gold. That map --