1) 12) dialog: Don Luiz. The Viceroy sent for me.
2) 0) text: Don Luiz moves down a hallway, his face pale, eyes taking activity. He dodges servants as they rush past, roll up t hurriedly pack household items, etc. Soldiers carry heavy out, moving with a sense of urgency.
3) 0) text: The door is ajar. Don Luiz steps into the study, which ha cleared out quickly. Shelves emptied, drawers left open. scattered about. (CONTINUED)
3) 2) dialog: I hoped it wasn't true. You're returning to Spain ..?
3) 4) dialog: [The Dons are worried.] How will we fare under Mexico? Ruled by peasants
3) 6) dialog: Know that we will always remain loyal to you. And will strive to keep California at least ... a little civilized.
3) 16) dialog: 
3) 17) dialog: Trust Zorro to spoil a good execution.
20) 1) dialog: (loudly) The Viceroy is returned! Some cheers from the gathering people on the beach, and a frowns. But the cabelleros applaud, step forward. Among t HECTOR, who resembles a bulldog. DON AGUILAR, a bow-legge
20) 4) dialog: Rafaél. They embrace.
20) 8) dialog: The alcalde's job is difficult -- but it does seem to suit me
20) 10) dialog: How dare you --
20) 23) dialog: Was General Santa Anna willing to listen to our proposal?
20) 26) dialog: My God ... that's wonderful. Wonderful news.
20) 32) dialog: On your recommendation, Captain Love has taken command of the presidio. He has done an excellent job ridding the pueblo of its less desirable elements. ON DIEGO, moving closer. A small motion, and something dr his sleeve into his hand: a DAGGER.
20) 40) dialog: I am honored, Sefiorita. Diego watches, his heart breaking. Love takes Elena's hand. Their eyes meet.
20) 46) dialog: Come with me, Don Montero. I've had your hacienda prepared for your arrival. Love nearly steps on something -- ?The abandoned DAGGER. He picks it up, examines it. Glanc suspiciously into the crowds.
29) 0) text: Montero and Don Luiz walk through a grand tiled courtyard lead to an overhanging gallery. On one wall, PAINTERS fil rough outlines of a map of North America. A huge round table dominates the courtyard. A WOODWORKER design into the tabletop: a stylized bull and bear.
29) 1) dialog: Every cabellero in California has agreed to attend the junta. And the governor, as well. (fishing) Does the house meet with your approval ..?
29) 11) dialog: A daughter can be trying at times.
29) 13) dialog: Perhaps Captain Love?
48) 19) dialog: No. We're discussing Zorro. (CONTINUED)
48) 24) dialog: Twenty years ago, he helped agitate the peasants to revolt against Spain. Alejandro looks down at his table setting -- ?It is a VAST ARRAY. He is bewildered. Considering it all reaches for a piece of bread, draws the butter closer
48) 45) dialog: Well spoken.
48) 53) dialog: An impressive young man.
52) 0) text: -- and pulls up short. Standing in the previously empty s Montero and Don Luiz, looking down, examining a map.
52) 1) dialog: If Santa Anna ever learns the truth -
53) 6) dialog: Shocking. Both Montero and Diego snap a look at him. Then Montero p Diego aside, moves toward the couple. A crescendo; the dance ends with them tightly embraced, b hard, barely within decorum.
56) 10) dialog: (sotto) Is this wise?
58) 1) dialog: Since the days of Father Serra, the savages have traded gold for food and clothing. Don Montero always believed we could find the mother lode.
97) 0) text: Don Luiz and Hector, flanked by soldiers, look out to sea Longboats are coming in. In the lead boat is an amazing s HORSE stands in the prow, a RIDER astride it: GENERAL SAN
97) 4) dialog: Santa Anna is shrewd, and brutal. We learned that twenty years ago. I much prefer him as an ally than enemy. The longboat hits the beach. Santa Anna's horse leaps to Other boats are landing; they are chockfull of Santa Anna guard, in bright crimson uniforms. Don Luiz steps out to meet Santa Anna.
97) 5) dialog: General Santa Anna. Welcome to California. I'm Don Luiz Fuentes y Silva, the alcalde --
97) 7) dialog: Of course. Don Montero is waiting for you. He moves to his horse --
102) 0) text: The huge oak doors swing open. SANTA ANNA and DON LUIZ st doorway. Behind them are a number of dons, Santa Anna's h and several of Love's Dragoons. Santa Anna and Luiz take in the courtyard: two bodies, on Montero's, the other headless.
102) 2) dialog: I, uh Diego leans on Alejandro as they descend the staircase. E follows, arms wrapped around herself. Don Luiz spots them
102) 3) dialog: There! They assassinated Don Montero! Arrest them!
102) 10) dialog: Um ... no, of course not --
102) 13) dialog: No! I am the alcalde here -- Santa Anna snatches the alcalde's cane from Don Luiz and with it. Don Luiz crumples to the floor. Santa Anna slams on the table. Suddenly he is the Santa Anna who ordered p butchered at Goliad.