5) 3) text: Hello, darling Elena. Do you want to hear what your father did tonight? It is quite the hair-raising adventure -- J In the crib is ELENA DE LA VEGA, almost two. A sleeping a with funny-looking spiky hair. Diego dotes on her
6) 0) text: Exposed oak beams. Elegant furniture and filled bookshelv by candlelight. Diego and Elena enter.
11) 0) text: Slashes of light shine down through the deck. SWORDS CRAS ?Two figures duel with classic small swords. One is an OL SALT, gray and grizzled but still spry. The other one is with long hair, tied back. They duel amongst the boxes of cargo. The Old Salt feints lunges -- and FREEZES. His opponent's blade is aimed dire his heart. He looks up at -- ELENA. Even wearing man's clothes she is breathtaking. Th Salt knocks her blade away, snorts in self-disgust.
11) 2) dialog: My father is an expert swordsman.
11) 4) dialog: My father would say ... it is improper for a lady to learn the sword. He is a very proper man. (sighs; troubled) And I don't think I'm the proper daughter he deserves. Suddenly the hatch opens; light floods in.
12) 0) text: [Montero, the Captain and the Old Salt emerge from the ho Old Salt spots Elena, climbing over the seaward rail. She him with her eyes. He turns so that the Captain and Monte are to her.]
12) 3) dialog: Who's fallen overboard, father? They turn. Elena stands there, the traveling cloak concea attire.
12) 5) dialog: You were looking for me? Why? Something exciting, I hope. He smiles at her enthusiasm. He offers her his arm.
13) 0) text: Montero and Elena are at the rail, his hands over her eye (CONTINUED)
13) 4) dialog: We're there?
13) 6) dialog: All my life, it seems, I've dreamed of California.
13) 9) dialog: Why, Father? What's wrong?
20) 35) dialog: Father! As one, Diego and Montero turn -- Recognition, shock, fills Diego's face. Smiling, Elena hurries toward them. Diego stares, frozen, as his daughter approaches --
20) 43) dialog: Father, please -- his compliment was flattering enough. But thank you for leaping to my defense. (kisses his cheek) What would I do without you? The dagger drops from Diego's hand. His eyes show realiza cannot kill Montero. He stumbles, fades into the crowd.
20) 44) dialog: Father, what is this flower? It smells very familiar.
29) 2) text: Yes -- if the work is done on time. I would prefer not to include laborers on the guest list -- ] Through an archway, Montero spies Elena, on horseback, ri full gallop. He smiles -- but it becomes a look of dismay rides astride the horse, rather than sidesaddle.
29) 4) dialog: The joy drains out of her face. She reins the horse up. M strides toward her, Don Luiz trailing.
29) 8) dialog: Yes, Father.
29) 10) dialog: I'm sorry. My apologies, Don Luiz. Montero glares at her sternly. She turns so she sits side adjusts her skirts primly. Montero nods. She urges the ho forward in a sedate trot.
32) 0) text: A military barracks/stables/corral. Lights in the barrack [A SHADOWY FIGURE moves toward the cuartel. Suddenly, the whirls, freezes: a RIDER bears down on him -- The rider reins up short: ELENA. She is shocked. Before h ALEJANDRO. In his version of the ZORRO outfit. Striking. stand there, staring at each other. A palpable electricit ?And then he SMILES. It startles her. Zorro lifts a finger to his lips: 'Shhh.' ?Elena narrows her eyes, unsure. Her horse whinnies, shuffles nervously. Zorro catches its and makes the 'Shhh' gesture to the horse as well. ?Elena can't help but smile at that. (CONTINUED)
40) 0) text: [INTERCUT when necessary between Zorro and Elena.
40) 1) dialog: Padre? Zorro freezes. He doesn't answer.
40) 2) dialog: Padre? Excuse me? Zorro shrinks back, trying to hide. She raps on the parti Zorro has no choice. He slides it back.
40) 4) dialog: Forgive me, Padre, for I have sinned. It's been three days since my last confession. (CONTINUED)
40) 8) dialog: Excuse me? Zorro peers through the screen at her -- and catches his The screen and shadows restrict his view. He can see only -- large and lovely -- but he knows who she is.
40) 10) dialog: I have broken the fourth commandment.
40) 12) dialog: No -- I dishonored my father --
40) 14) dialog: I try to behave properly -- the way my father wants me to. But I'm afraid : (she is ashamed) My heart is too wild. That gets his attention.
40) 16) dialog: When I was young, I sought out the company of Gypsies ... I learned to hunt -- and fence -- (defiant ) And I hate to ride sidesaddle! (this is the hardest) And, just now, I saw -- there was a man. (CONTINUED)
40) 19) dialog: I think he was a bandit.
40) 21) dialog: Yes. And he looked at me -- I mean, when I looked at him ... Padre, I felt like I was on fire. I felt (downcast now) Improper. Zorro is happily astonished -- and knows how she feels.
40) 23) dialog: Yes -- exactly --
40) 25) dialog: Yes He leans forward, his forehead against the screen.
40) 27) dialog: (a whisper) Yes ... (suddenly aware of what's been said) Who are you? There is a commotion outside the chapel doors.
41) 3) dialog: Captain Love -- I thought I heard your voice.
41) 5) dialog: Confessing?
47) 0) text: Guests arrive, women in coaches, husbands riding beside t horses bedecked in decorated tack and saddles. Servants t behind them. Grooms provide Old World valet parking. The guests move along a carpet of red and yellow flowers, entrance, where they present their invitations and are gr Montero and Elena. The GOVERNOR, a sour little man, and his wife arrive.
47) 30) dialog: Gracias. Alejandro nods, strolls toward the ballroom. Montero look him appraisingly, Diego in slack-jawed shock. (CONTINUED)
48) 7) dialog: My father has asked me to invite you to his table. (CONTINUED)
48) 27) dialog: I wonder ... would the people embrace Zorro if there wasn't a need for him? There's a slight awkwardness. Women should be seen, not h
48) 29) dialog: (ignoring the rebuke) Some of the servants seem ... well, jubilant about his return.
48) 33) dialog: They believe Zorro is one of their own. That he's their protector. Alejandro looks up sharply. He's never considered that. D looks at Elena -- but then looks away.
48) 38) dialog: I'm not so sure. There's something to the idea that people can govern themselves. She's gone too far. The men don't know what to say. Monte embarrassed. He chuckles, tries to cover the faux pas.
48) 43) dialog: What do you think, Don Alejandro? Are the people capable of guiding their own lives? Alejandro's on the spot. He considers his answer.
48) 48) dialog: Yes. Absolutely. She puts her hand on his arm -- but Montero removes it.
48) 58) dialog: What does that mean?
50) 0) text: Books, empty chairs, a table. On the wall is a portrait o and a ten-year-old Elena. He can barely stand to look at pulls the door closed, starts up the hall --
53) 0) text: Alejandro and Elena waltz together beautifully. The song Light applause from the dancers. The orchestra begins a f Elena turns away. He catches her arm.
53) 1) text: It would be a shame to quit now. We seem to be in step, Elena.
53) 2) dialog: Footwork and spirit are not the same thing.]
53) 8) dialog: So now you know my secret. You can keep a secret, can't you?
55) 0) text: [Diego eavesdrops outside the doors to the courtyard. He startled by Elena, who comes up behind him.
55) 1) dialog: Bernardo?
55) 3) dialog: What's wrong, Bernardo? You look as though you've seen a ghost. Diego lowers his head, assuming a subservient role -- but avoiding meeting her eyes.
60) 0) text: [Diego combs Tornado. Elena leads her horse in. Diego loo her -- then away. Elena notices Diego; she hands her hors groom, and approaches.
60) 1) dialog: Good afternoon, Bernardo.
60) 3) dialog: A magnificent animal
60) 5) dialog: How long have you served Don Alejandro?
60) 8) dialog: Don't worry, Bernardo. He won't hear if from me. (beat ) There is something about Don Alejandro that makes me believe he is aman of character ... but it certainly isn't in the way he acts.
60) 13) dialog: I think ... I understand. I've felt that way.
60) 17) dialog: (laughs) I think he'd prefer I was even more like her. She was very obedient, and always appropriate.
60) 19) dialog: You have to ask? Yes ... I was a terror. I was always (smiles at a memory) When I was little, I hated wearing shoes. My duena would take her eyes off me for an instant, and somehow I'd have lost another pair. (shakes her head) I was a very willful child.
60) 24) dialog: She died, just after I was born. I never knew her ... and my father rarely speaks of her. Elena really appraises Diego. Something's been bothering she can't keep it inside any longer.
60) 25) dialog: Bernardo -- last night, I wanted to ask you ... Have we ever met? In Spain, perhaps?
60) 27) dialog: I'm sorry -- it's just ... your voice seems so familiar.
60) 29) dialog: Yes. The sound of it. I swear I've heard it before.
60) 31) dialog: I suppose. Well ... it's very pleasant. Good day, Bernardo.
60) 37) dialog: Gracias, Bernardo. She exits. Diego lets the comb drop from his hand. Leans forehead against Tornado. ]
62) 0) text: Elena moves through the square. She passes a row of stall Indian artisans display their wares. A very old INDIAN WOMAN tugs on Elena's skirt. Smiling, s a yellow pafiuelo into Elena's hands.
62) 1) dialog: Thank you. It's beautiful. The Old Woman says something in her native tongue, touche gently on the shoulder. Elena tries the pafiuelo on. (It is similar to the one Es wore in the opening of the movie.) Elena smiles, delighte
62) 2) dialog: How much? Elena looks up, but the Old Woman is gone. Elena searches Old Woman back behind her stand, speaking with a young IN Elena approaches. (CONTINUED)
62) 5) dialog: How much does this cost? The Indian Girl speaks to the Old Woman, who shakes her h
62) 7) dialog: Tell her she must be mistaken. My mother died long ago, in Spain. The Indian Girl translates. The Old Woman makes a dismiss gesture. Speaks emphatically, indicates Elena's face.
62) 9) dialog: I'm sorry. I cannot accept this -- The Old Woman waves a hand at Elena, and disappears into the stand. Elena watches her go, shaken, twisting the scarf in her h
63) 0) text: [All that is left are charred, overgrown ruins. Elena cli them, a carriage waiting on the road behind her. Elena steps into the center of what is left of the hacien takes a deep breath. A sudden impulse, and she turns -- -- and faces what was her nursery room, the spectacular v distant coastline. She steps into the 'room.' Beyond the remains of the window is a tall bush -- manzanita. She leans down hesitantly. Then breathes in its scent -- Elena slumps, sits on the broken remains of a wall, burie in her hands. Finally she lifts her head, and looks aroun questioning, still unsure.] 83.
71) 0) text: Zorro backs into the study, crouches. He notices the port Montero and Elena. Suddenly SOUNDS of FOOTSTEPS approaching. Zorro looks aro searching the room. He runs his hands along the wall. Pul bookshelf. VOICES can be heard now -- ?An idea hits him. ?He goes back to the portrait. Adjusts it -- (CONTINUED)
76) 4) dialog: Father? What's happening?
78) 3) dialog: I saw you come in here.
78) 5) dialog: You lied to me. You pretended to be a priest.
78) 7) dialog: You've stolen something of my father's. I can't let you leave. Zorro laughs. He moves toward her, toward the doors -- Elena draws the soldier's sword, levels it at Zorro.
78) 12) dialog: You're the one who needs to learn a few things. She engages him, blades dancing -- ?-- a SLASH cuts his shirt. He fingers the cut. Then he s her -- and attacks seriously. Lightning parry-ripostes -- Her robe is slowing her down. She slips it off quickly. Zorro slices her nightgown, exposing the smooth curve of hip.
78) 17) dialog: You should have parried séptimo. He glares at her. Grabs up his sword. She lunges at him. He parries, swipes at her head -- ?She ducks -- He steps on her hair. She can't straighten up. She glares him through her hair. Elena slashes at his legs. He leaps over her blade -- ?She snaps her head up, her hair free -- ?-- he lands and she spins, leg out, taking his feet out under him. He goes down flat on his back. She attacks -- [Zorro parries her attack using his spurs and boots. Spar He catches the blade between crossed spurs, rolls, wrench sword from her. She grabs up his sword, faces him. Both are breathing har sweating, their clothes in a state of dishabille. He weig sword in his hand -- its lighter. He smiles, re-engages - Zorro envelopes her blade (actually, his sword) and snaps the ceiling -- where it sticks.] He puts her on point. She never takes her eyes off him as toward her, backing her toward the hay bales. She leans back -- her face is illumined by a shaft of moo through a high window.
78) 19) dialog: (a husky whisper) I'll scream.
78) 25) dialog: Yes! I fought him -- then he left. (suddenly incensed) He left! Montero rushes to a window. Elena pulls her sword from th (she must jump several times to reach it), joins him.
78) 27) dialog: Oh, no ... he was young. Very vigorous She thinks about that -- then slashes the air angrily wit sword. Montero looks at her, puzzled.
85) 23) text: Santa Anna will be here in few hours! When he finds out the truth, there will be a blood bath! Elena could be killed! ]
94) 0) text: The house has that early-morning empty feel. Elena moves courtyard, past the huge oak table -- Diego steps out from the shadows of an archway, faces her
94) 1) dialog: Bernardo -- what are you doing here?
94) 3) dialog: Is Don Alejandro with you?
95) 1) text: General Santa Anna will be arriving from the beach at any moment. When Captain Love returns, send him to me immediately --] He nears the courtyard -- -- and sees Diego with Elena. He pulls up short, back aga wall. Gestures 'quiet' to the two soldiers.
96) 1) dialog: I don't believe you. It can't be true. (CONTINUED)
96) 5) dialog: Why? Why do you want me to do this?
96) 8) dialog: Who are you?
96) 15) dialog: Diego de la Vega? That surprises both Diego and Montero. (CONTINUED)
96) 20) dialog: I -- a woman in town told me -- (flat) She said he was my father. The two men stare at her. Montero finally finds his voice
99) 1) dialog: Why would he want revenge on you?
99) 3) dialog: My mother lived here in California? You told me -- Montero spins on her. She steps back, startled.
99) 16) dialog: Stop. Both of you -- And then Montero attacks. Diego jumps aside, barely avoid deadly thrust. Montero slashes at him, then suddenly stop Smiles, looking over Diego's shoulder. Captain Love strides into the courtyard. Without hesitati draws his pistol, aims at Diego --
99) 17) dialog: No! Elena leaps in front of Diego -- ?-- Diego and Montero see what's coming -- ?-- Love pulls the trigger -- The pistol MISFIRES. Montero and Diego realize how near a was -- a near-repeat of Esperanza's death, twenty years e Love just shrugs.
101) 14) dialog: Alejandro
101) 18) dialog: Please -- don't Diego hesitates. Elena steps close to Montero. Montero gr around the neck, grabs her pistol, puts it to her head. E gasps in shock. Diego steps forward --
101) 22) dialog: No! She shoves Montero's arm as he FIRES -- ?-- the bullet HITS Diego in the arm, spins him to the fl Montero twists Elena around, glares into her eyes -- shov down. He strides toward Diego, picks up his fallen sword.
103) 0) text: Elena sits with her head down, eyes closed -- praying. Al sits beside her. He puts his hand gently on hers. She tur hand over, intertwines her fingers with his. Diego sits down beside her heavily. She looks over at him Reaches out to examine the bullet wound in his arm.
103) 1) dialog: You should have that taken care of
103) 3) dialog: Don't! (softer) Don't. I don't know you. The man who was my father is dead. (beat ) You're a stranger to me. The words sting Diego ... but he knows they are true.
103) 5) dialog: Tell me your story.
103) 7) dialog: Tell me about my mother ... and you. And Zorro. (beat ) I want to hear your story. Diego looks up at her gratefully.