23) 0) text: An EGYPTIAN OFFICER is running outside the barracks, he l fit and has an expression like he means it. We become awa of a man running up behind him. This is ALEXANDER SKORPIO he’s dressed to run.
23) 1) dialog: Colonel. I heard you were an early bird. The Egyptian acknowledges him, but continues running. 19.
23) 3) dialog: I hope I am not bothering you?
23) 5) dialog: I’m back for the day. A couple of loose ends I needed to tie up. By way, my name is Alex...
23) 7) dialog: Oh, I’m confident you can be trusted Colonel. I’m Alexander Skorpios.
23) 9) dialog: You're quite a legend in the camp, Colonel, winner of the army triathlon six years in a row. (beat) Do you mind if I train with you today? I am an amateur athlete myself and this will be my last opportunity, since our business is concluded.
23) 11) dialog: Two hours every morning. A twelve mile run, followed by a two mile swim, and a cool down in the gym. Your routine is famous. I’1l drop out as soon as you pull away. 20.
23) 14) dialog: I am inspired by my company.
24) 2) dialog: I am ready.
25) 0) text: An hour later. Alexander is clearly in front and showing signs of fatigue, the Colonel on the other hand is now tr to keep up... EXT. EGYPTIAN BEACH —- MORNING Alexander is waiting on the beach... jogging on the spot. Colonel pulls himself out of the water, he’s desperately trying to not look knackered.
25) 2) dialog: My father taught me that true physical strength lies not in the body, but in the mind. If you chew bitter for long enough, eventually it turns sweet. The gym? 21.
26) 0) text: Alexander is on the bench with a bar over him...
26) 1) dialog: Could you spot me? Alexander thumps out ten reps of a very heavy weight.
26) 2) dialog: Your turn.
26) 4) dialog: It’s all in your mind, Colonel.
26) 6) dialog: Push push, that’s the spirit Colonel, now we're getting somewhere. Let’s see how strong you really are. At which point, Alexander releases the weight and the Col takes the strain.
26) 7) dialog: That's it. Now tell me, how long have you been a spy? The Colonel is about to explode with the weight that’s ov him.
26) 9) dialog: You're just not trying hard enough. Who are you working for, the Americans, or the Russians? The Colonel can’t take the weight for much longer.
26) 11) dialog: Tell me what I want to know, and I can help you.
26) 13) dialog: Thank you Colonel. Alexander reaches down and takes hold of the bar.
26) 15) dialog: You and your government have no idea who you're dealing with Colonel. With almost superhuman strength, he raises the bar before slams it down.
35) 0) text: PROFESSOR UDO TELLER, Gaby’s father, stands alone on the rocks, staring out to sea. Looming over him on the cliffs above is a medieval castle Two men approach him from the direction of the fortress. is Alexander Skorpios. The other is another older gentlem very well dressed, with a mane of thick white hair. There an air of dissipation about him. Meet RUDOLPH VON TRULSCH “UNCLE RUDI.”
35) 3) dialog: I asked him to come. Alexander clearly makes Udo nervous.
35) 7) dialog: The orders come directly from the Reichs-Marshall in Buenos Aires. It is not for you to question them.
35) 9) dialog: It’s too late for second thoughts Professor. You must finish the job you started! (to Uncle Rudi) Talk to him. He turns and leaves. Rudi puts a calming hand around the Professor’s shoulders
44) 5) dialog: Good. She’s exactly what we need to convince her father to finish the job. What do you think about the Russian?
44) 7) dialog: Well you need to be.
45) 4) dialog: Mr. Holstein?
45) 6) dialog: You liked our Spartan Boxing Academy? Great exercise and so much less boring than running or going to the gym. My father practiced it everyday and he lived to ninety- eight! You should try it sometime.
45) 8) dialog: Well, we could always have my sister give you a lesson.
45) 10) dialog: Please sit down. Can I get you a coffee or anything?
45) 12) dialog: So, Mr. Holstein, I’m surprised that we haven’t met before. (MORE )
45) 14) dialog: I thought I knew everyone at Texas Oil.
45) 16) dialog: So you’re not here to spy on us?
45) 18) dialog: The biggest shipping company in the world, Mr. Holstein. We can move four billion tons of oil a year, which I trust will be enough to cover your needs. But our aerospace department now represents a quarter of our business. New technology is a very competitive field and we have had issues with industrial spies. Regrettably, we’ve found it necessary to be quite rough on occasion.
45) 20) dialog: Ah, finally a man who has his priorities in order. So rare in this business. Tell me, what are you up to this afternoon? I’m having a little gathering at the racetrack. (MORE )
45) 22) dialog: Please, come as my guest, and we can continue our conversation about how we’re going to move your oil. EXT. RACETRACK —- SKORPIOS ENCLOSURE - DAY A Skorpios car roars past... A man clicks his stopwatch s Kuryakin, Gaby, and Uncle Rudi look on. Behind them is a throng of jet-set guests, enjoying the party, and going b and forth to the private bar.
45) 31) dialog: I told you to put in the bigger carburetor jets and disconnect that stupid rev limiter!
45) 33) dialog: You have to improve the performance.
45) 41) dialog: Try it. The Mechanic looks lost. Gaby politely interrupts the mom
46) 0) text: Solo continues to play the American tourist, camera slung around his neck. He snaps pictures. Alexander, Rudi, Elen and others in the entourage. Looking slightly bored, Elena walks past him on the way t the bar. Solo considers, then decides to follow her. He passes Mr. Waverly, the distinguished English gent fro the hotel, who is sitting at a table having a drink.
47) 17) text: EXT. RACETRACK - PITS — DAY Gaby, Rudi, and the mechanics watch Alexander's car going round the track. Alexander comes tearing into the pits. H jumps out of the car. He looks up at the time.
47) 18) dialog: (to Gaby) Who are you?
47) 20) dialog: You should come and work for me. I mean it.
47) 22) dialog: Arrangements can be made... Gaby gestures to Kuryakin.
47) 25) dialog: I believe that each one of us has a destiny and I can help you with yours.
47) 27) dialog: I know greatness when I see it, and I have the means to encourage its potential. I can make you great... Now show me what you did to that engine. They walk over to the car, out of Kuryakin’s earshot. 53.
47) 29) dialog: I can afford to be. Come to lunch tomorrow. He looks at Kuryakin with disdain.
47) 30) dialog: Alone. Rudi will arrange it.
55) 18) dialog: Take your pick. He walks over to her.
55) 20) dialog: I’m serious. Come and work for me, and you can choose any one of these you like. He turns.
55) 21) dialog: Now, I hope you’re hungry...
56) 9) dialog: Wine? 68. Alexander pours wine for everyone, then raises his glass toast.
56) 10) dialog: To conversation.
58) 15) dialog: (through headphones) Does that mean....
58) 17) text: EXT. ALEXANDER’S VILLA - VERANDA - DAY Alexander pours more wine.
58) 18) dialog: «+. you will accept my offer?
58) 20) dialog: Go on.
58) 23) dialog: What reason do you have for thinking that I know anything about your father? Other than what Rudi has told me.
58) 25) dialog: This wine agrees with you. Are you going to tell me something interesting?
58) 29) text: EXT. ALEXANDER’S VILLA - WOODS - DAY Ilya listens in horror.
58) 32) dialog: Why are you telling me this?
58) 34) dialog: Before we go any further, you need to understand something. Rudi has gone to fetch his photo album. It’s very important that you look very carefully at the pictures in this book. As they say, “a picture is a thousand words.” Rudi returns with the book and presents it to Alexander. Alexander opens it, and shows it to Gaby. He studies her, looking for a reaction.
58) 35) dialog: Your “Uncle” Rudi is a man of considerable hidden talents. Rudi shrugs modestly.
58) 36) dialog: .+-which he has gone to great trouble to document. 73. Gaby cannot hide her horror as she stares at her godfathe
58) 37) dialog: Our friends, we treat like family, but our enemies... Am I making myself clear? There is a pause, then Gaby looks up and deep into his ey
58) 39) dialog: (to Rudi) Isn't the CIA agent having lunch with my sister right now?
58) 41) dialog: Then don’t you have a call to make? Rudi leaves, Alexander turns to Gaby.
58) 42) dialog: It seems your father is having some doubts...
60) 8) text: EXT. ALEXANDER’S VILLA - WOODS - DAY Kuryakin runs. Here come the dogs. Kuryakin stops. He kno he can’t outrun the them. As they leap at him, he swings heavy receiver, and catches one of the dogs on the side o the head, stunning it. The other goes for his throat.
69) 0) text: Alexander's helicopter flies over Skorpios Island which i C-shaped rock sticking out of the ocean. In the center of the C is a deepwater harbor, where a tan is laid up for repairs. Built into the rock, defending the harbor, is the ancient fortress. On the other side of the harbor, there is a village with thick cluster of fishing boats. There is a half mile long causeway, which joins the islan the mainland.
70) 0) text: Alexander’s helicopter descends into the castle courtyard three sides, there are massive stone walls, and the fourt side is the rock itself. In the middle of the fourth side, there is the bunker-lik entrance to the old German gun emplacement, which has cle been modernized and put to a different use. The helicopter lands. Alexander and Gaby climb out.
70) 1) dialog: Please follow me. She does. They are lead through the heavily guarded castl a large terrace, overlooking the sea. Seated on a chair, staring out into the distance, is the Professor. Alexander grabs Gaby’s arm. 83.
70) 2) dialog: Eighteen years. This is quite a moment. Gaby nods.
70) 3) dialog: Remember, you have very little time. Gaby looks Alexander in the eyes.
73) 0) text: Alexander stands at a window, looking down at Gaby and he father on the terrace below. Elena enters.
73) 1) dialog: Sister. They hug.
73) 3) dialog: Our father would be proud.
73) 5) dialog: We'll give them a Spartan welcome.
74) 8) dialog: Udo? The Professor nods.
74) 10) dialog: (to Gaby) I'm impressed. 90.
74) 12) dialog: Good. I need you to finish tonight.
78) 0) text: Alexander stands with his HEAD OF SECURITY. They are watc a bank of primitive CCTVs, which show different sections the island: the harbor, the road up to the castle, the ga
78) 1) dialog: I’m expecting trouble tonight. Prepare your men.
81) 0) text: Alexander watches all this activity on the CCTV. He nods gravely to his chief of security.
81) 1) dialog: You know what to do. Alexander gets up and leaves the room.
82) 9) dialog: How much longer Udo?
82) 11) dialog: Excellent. He slaps Gaby across the face, knocking her to the ground
82) 12) dialog: (to guards) Take her to one of the cells. If you don’t hear from me in ten minutes, shoot her. (to Udo) Now, you have nine minutes to install the correct lens and finish the assembly.
86) 0) text: As gunfire sounds above, Udo quickly closes the bomb casi Alexander looks at his watch.
86) 1) dialog: Only seven minutes. Very good. Alexander gestures to his guards. They wheel the bomb tro out of the lab.
86) 3) dialog: You don’t need to worry about her, she'll be joining you shortly. He shoots the Professor between the eyes.
86) 4) dialog: (to Nikos) The disk with the Professor's research, where is it? Nikos opens a small safe and takes out the disk. Alexander grabs it and tucks it in his jacket.
90) 0) text: Empty. The bank of monitors flicker. Kuryakin enters, sca them, spots Alexander and Nikos passing various cars in a garage. 99.
91) 0) text: Gaby, Solo, and Kuryakin enter. There’s a tunnel entrance end. Alexander’s car engine can be heard echoing back dow tunnel. There are several ATVs (lightweight SUV’s on steroids wit tires) parked in a row, and a line of dirt bikes as well. Kuryakin slings his rifle over his shoulder and jumps on bike. Solo heads for an ATV.
92) 0) text: It's just starting to get light out as the ATV and the bi out of what appears to be a cave in side of the rock. The splash through a foot of ocean water, and careen up onto causeway, which connects the island to the mainland. Alexander’s car is ahead in the distance. He’s in a soupe Land Rover.
97) 0) text: Solo is being pummeled. Alexander punches him so hard tha pretty much knocked senseless. Finally, he gets behind Solo and lifts him by the neck.
98) 0) text: Kuryakin tracks the action through his sight. Finger on t trigger. He gets glimpses of Alexander, but he’s blocked Solo’s body. Alexander grips Solo’s head to twist it and break his nec
100) 0) text: Clutching his shoulder, Solo reaches inside Alexander's jacket and snags the disk, which he pockets. He then lean back against a tree. Kuryakin arrives his bike. Hurries over to Solo. Kuryakin grins, seeing that Solo is okay.