3) 6) dialog: (in German) I'm a little backed up, I won’t be able to get to your car until next week. Gaby affects a hard edge but her clothing, ruffled hair a the oil-smudge on her cheek only serve to accentuate her vulnerability.
3) 8) dialog: (in English) American? Solo nods.
3) 9) dialog: I haven't seen my father since I was ten years old.
3) 11) dialog: He was the senior scientist in the Nazi rocket program. Is there anything else to know?
3) 12) text: After that, he came to work for the U.S. at Los Alamos. Five years ago, he disappeared without a trace. We've been looking for him ever since, but this is the first sign we've had of him. This picture was taken a week ago by one of our agents in Egypt. Solo shows Gaby a black-and-white photograph of half a do men seated at a conference table. Three are wearing high level military uniforms. Solo points to one man who is standing, gesticulating wit his arms as if to make a point. He’s an older professoria type.
3) 13) dialog: That’s him... She can’t hide the emotion in her voice.
3) 15) dialog: Look, I’m not proud of what my father has done, but I told you, I haven’t seen or heard from him in eighteen years.
3) 17) dialog: I can’t help you. She disappears back under the car. Solo pulls her back ou again.
3) 19) dialog: I can't...
3) 21) dialog: You do understand that I could be tortured and imprisoned just for listening to you?
3) 23) dialog: How do I know you are who you say you are? How do I know that anything you’ve told me is true? He looks her directly in the eyes.
3) 25) dialog: Trust you?
3) 27) dialog: Why? Because you’re handsome and have a nice smile?
5) 1) dialog: (afraid) What’s going on? Who just shot at us?
5) 3) dialog: What have you done?
5) 5) dialog: I’m the only person who drives this car.
6) 0) text: The shooter moves closer to get a better angle on the entrance to the garage. Meet ILYA KURYAKIN, Russian, he’s his early 30’s and radiates a rare combination of physica power and intelligence. However in contrast, his choice of clothing is distinctly odd. He wears a suit, but it’s a conspicuously bold color and shirt and tie have striking patterns which are completely mismatched. On anyone else, this get-up would look clowni but Kuryakin manages to make it look cool. As he’s crossing the street, Gaby’s car roars out. Kuryak snaps his gun up to take aim, but instead of turning down street, Gaby drives up on the sidewalk to be shielded by parked vehicles. Kuryakin lowers his gun, calmly walks back to his car, cl in, and roars after them.
7) 0) text: Gaby’s car screeches around the corner, scattering pedestrians. Other cars are forced to swerve out of the w In the car, Gaby is clearly in her element. Her confidenc returns as she focuses on driving which she does with ext ordinary skill. Kuryakin follows, relentless.
7) 3) dialog: This guy isn’t going to give up.
7) 5) dialog: Hold on tight. This car is tougher than it looks. She hits the gas.
7) 9) dialog: You okay?
7) 11) dialog: What’s the point in fixing cars if you can’t drive them?
7) 15) text: INT. GABY’S CAR - DAY She continues to drive fast, avoiding traffic, but eventu she finds herself behind a rubbish truck, picking up tras Another car is close behind her, she’s stuck. She calmly looks around.
7) 17) dialog: Really? You’re very observant. She glances at a parallel road a block over, searching fo another way out. Suddenly, a car tears down the parallel road. We only see it for a flash, but we know it’s Kuryak Solo and Gaby look at each other.
7) 18) dialog: He couldn’t have seen us? Pause. We hear a screech of tires.
7) 22) dialog: That man can drive. Can’t you shoot better than that? 11.
8) 2) dialog: Better? Suddenly, her expression changes.
8) 3) dialog: Oh no! Up ahead is a sharp drop as a steep stone pedestrian staircase leads down to the road below. Solo looks behind them. Kuryakin is catching up again. Si are approaching behind him. Gaby is slowing down. Solo stays cool.
8) 5) dialog: What are you doing?
8) 7) dialog: I can't... 12.
9) 0) text: Amazingly, the car lands on the steps, the back flies up, it doesn't flip. Instead, it carries on down the steps, reaching the bottom with a crunch. Kuryakin stops his car at the top of the steps. He climbs of his car and watches them speed away. INT. GABY’S CAR - DAY Solo breathes a sigh of relief.
9) 2) dialog: That’s a stupid question.
9) 4) dialog: You’re okay, pal. Just stay where you are. More sirens. Flashing lights in the distance.
10) 0) text: Gaby parks her car. INT. CAR — DAY Solo and Gaby sit, tensely listening to the sirens go by. Gradually, the sound fades into the distance. 13.
10) 1) dialog: Still going over the Wall tonight?
11) 0) text: As Solo and Gaby head for the exit, a car turns into the structure. Solo pulls Gaby down behind a car. As the vehicle passes, they see that it’s Kuryakin.
12) 0) text: As he and Gaby hurry down the alleyway, Solo looks back t see Kuryakin, looking down at him from the second floor o the parking structure. Solo pulls Gaby around the corner and breaks into a run.
13) 0) text: Solo and Gaby run. And run. And run.
14) 0) text: Surrounded by industrial warehouses. Solo and Gaby crouch hidden in the shadows of one of the warehouses. They are of breath and Gaby looks spent.
14) 1) dialog: We haven’t lost him, have we? Solo puts a finger to his lips. A long beat. Sure enough, Kuryakin appears between the buildings, coming towards th A distant rumble grows louder. A train trundles along the tracks moving between them and Kuryakin.
15) 1) dialog: Did he get on?
15) 3) dialog: This is your idea of going over the Wall? He leads her towards the front of the train. As they head along the passageway, the CONDUCTOR exits a compartment.
21) 0) text: Solo watches as a DOCTOR examines Gaby. She winces as he touches her bruised ribs.
32) 0) text: Gaby sits opposite Solo, who passes her a cup of tea. She looking much better.
32) 1) dialog: I kept my end of the deal, and I almost died for it. And now you want me to come to Greece?
32) 3) dialog: I can’t do this. I don’t know this world, you’re asking me to be something I am not.
32) 5) dialog: Promise?
33) 0) text: A nice mid-range place that sells sensible clothes. Solo watches as Gaby looks at dresses. He spots an elegant black dress.
33) 2) dialog: Black is for funerals. She turns to look at another dress. A troubled look passe over Solo’s face. He’s all too aware that Gaby’s wellbein again his responsibility.
33) 3) dialog: So Russia and America have become friends over this issue have they?
33) 5) dialog: Know him? How can I know him? At which point, Solo spots Kuryakin. As usual, he’s dress in an outlandishly colorful and mismatched get-up, which somehow manages to make cool.
33) 8) dialog: Wait just a second. Isn’t that the man...?
33) 10) dialog: You've got to be kidding. 30.
33) 13) dialog: I feel sick. Make it stop.
33) 16) dialog: What do you mean “my woman?” Solo, what does he mean?
33) 19) dialog: Fiancee? They ignore her.
33) 22) dialog: I’m not doing this. She storms out of the shop. Solo looks sarcastically at I
34) 0) text: It’s a beautiful evening. Gaby paces in front of a founta while Solo talks.
34) 2) dialog: (in horror) Me?!
34) 4) dialog: Now you want me to be an actress?
34) 6) dialog: This is insane. 32.
34) 8) dialog: I can’t believe I’m doing this. What will you be doing while I’m playing the Russian bride?
35) 0) text: PROFESSOR UDO TELLER, Gaby’s father, stands alone on the rocks, staring out to sea. Looming over him on the cliffs above is a medieval castle Two men approach him from the direction of the fortress. is Alexander Skorpios. The other is another older gentlem very well dressed, with a mane of thick white hair. There an air of dissipation about him. Meet RUDOLPH VON TRULSCH “UNCLE RUDI.”
36) 0) text: Solo walks onto the plane, stops for a second, and sees Kuryakin and Gaby sitting together in first class. She ha seen Solo, but Kuryakin has, and takes a sip of champagne 34. Solo takes a step in their direction when he is stopped b the STEWARDESS. She looks at his ticket...
36) 3) dialog: What?
36) 5) dialog: I understand.
38) 0) text: Oozing luxury and old school grandeur. This is clearly th place where the Athenian jet-set meet. 35. As Solo approaches the check-in desk, he passes Kuryakin Gaby being escorted to the elevator. Solo waits as the guest ahead of him finishes checking in He’s a distinguished looking older man.
40) 0) text: Gaby stands on the balcony admiring the view of the Acropolis. 36. There’s a knock at the door. Kuryakin replaces the false bottom in his very similar suitcase, concealing his own s gear, before letting Solo in. Gaby hands Solo an envelope.
40) 1) dialog: Uncle Rudi has invited us for dinner this evening. Solo looks at the card.
40) 11) dialog: Where do you think you’re going?
40) 13) dialog: Practice on him.
41) 0) text: An outdoor restaurant on the most fashionable boulevard i Athens. The rich and the beautiful populate the streets a bars, drinking cocktails at the candlelit tables, or driv by in their open-topped Italian and British sports cars. A group of paparazzi are hanging out in front, photograph the guests as they come and go. Kuryakin and Gaby are seated at one of the best tables.
41) 1) dialog: Uncle Rudi has been good to me. He paid for private tutors for years in Germany, so he likes to play at being my father sometimes. So, understand if he starts to grill you. Solo is seated at a table near the door. He’s listening t the conversation through a tiny earpiece. He eats his oct while reading a guide book. He has a camera around his ne He takes the occasional snapshot. Typical American touris A massive Mercedes pulls up. The CHAUFFEUR hurries to ope the door and out steps Uncle Rudi. Solo notices him nod almost imperceptibly to two THUGS standing on the far side of the road. He snaps a shot of and zooms his lens to reach the Thugs. 38.
41) 3) dialog: You're doing it again Uncle, stop with your flattery.
41) 7) dialog: Two years Uncle.
41) 11) dialog: You must forgive Rudi, Ilya dearest, he’s a terrible snob. And not to be taken to seriously. The Russian is speechless, his hands grip the side of his chair.
42) 0) text: Kuryakin, Gaby, and Uncle Rudi are on their coffee.
42) 1) dialog: Uncle, I’ve been wondering about my father. I’d give anything to see him again. You're his greatest friend, I thought perhaps.
42) 3) dialog: But if there were any way to reach him? His only daughter is getting married after all. Rudi shakes his head.
43) 0) text: Kuryakin and Gaby turn the corner. 41.
43) 1) dialog: I can’t believe you threatened to pull his tongue out.
43) 3) dialog: Where do you come from?
43) 5) dialog: No you weren’t.
43) 7) dialog: What makes you so sure? They are interrupted by the sudden arrival of a moped, it Solo.
43) 12) dialog: Yes it is. 42.
43) 14) dialog: I don’t understand. Kuryakin reluctantly hands the gun over. Solo zooms off o the moped.
43) 15) dialog: What’s going on?
43) 17) dialog: I don’t need to act. Here come the two Thugs. One pushes Kuryakin against the and jabs a knife against his throat. Kuryakin’s fingers twitch, but then his hand relaxes. The other grabs Gaby by the arm.
43) 24) dialog: You have what you want, now please leave us!
43) 32) dialog: I still don’t understand. What’s going on?
44) 0) text: Gaby is talking on the telephone, watched by Solo and Kuryakin.
44) 1) dialog: Right after we left you, Uncle Rudi. It was horrible... They beat poor Ilya... No he'll be okay, it’s just the shock, he felt so helpless and weak. She looks at Kuryakin with a slight smile, he doesn’t ret it. GABY (CONT’D) Yes, the hotel is sending a doctor. okay, good-night then. She hangs up the phone.
44) 2) dialog: He’s invited us to the racetrack tomorrow, to watch his employer's team practice.
45) 24) dialog: (rubbing it in) He'll get over it, he hasn’t spent a lot of time out of Russia. Frankly, he needed toughing up a bit.
45) 29) dialog: He drives well. 49.
45) 35) dialog: Have the jets been totally cleaned and rechecked for size and flow?
45) 37) dialog: If I’m not mistaken, that engine’s a 1460 c.c. Coventry Climax FWB with a five bearing camshaft. It uses 40 DCOE Weber carburetors, which work predictably in cooler conditions. With this kind of road head, you have to expand the carb jetting, then you might find what you're looking for. The Mechanic calculates.
45) 39) dialog: Not if you're extremely careful and tweek no more than .20 to .26mm. It's easiest to work from small to large until you get the right ratio. 50. Clearly, the Mechanic’s mind can’t keep up with the math. looks exasperated, but Alexander looks electrified.
45) 42) dialog: I can do it for you if you like? She rolls up her sleeves.
47) 17) text: EXT. RACETRACK - PITS — DAY Gaby, Rudi, and the mechanics watch Alexander's car going round the track. Alexander comes tearing into the pits. H jumps out of the car. He looks up at the time.
47) 21) dialog: I live in East Germany.
47) 23) dialog: This is my fiancee, Ilya.
47) 26) dialog: You don’t know what my destiny is.
47) 28) dialog: You're quite full of yourself, aren’t you?
48) 2) dialog: You need to control your temper.
48) 4) dialog: I think he’s an athletic, good- looking gazillionaire, who's offered me a job and made advances toward me. (beat) I think I quite like him.
48) 6) dialog: If you mean by no good, is he planning on stealing me away from my fiancee? The answer is yes.
48) 8) dialog: I don’t know what you’re upset about, you’re not even my fiancee.
48) 11) dialog: I might need a second conversation before he’ll confess to that ambition.
55) 0) text: Gaby is putting the finishing touches on her makeup. She wears a beautiful dress and looks stunning. Solo sits at the desk, fiddling with some kind of electro device. Kuryakin is on the phone. He hangs up, looks at Gaby and Solo.
55) 5) dialog: Are you two really going to do this again? That shuts Solo and Kuryakin up. GABY (CONT’D) Our best shot is to continue as if nothing has changed. Which means, I need to go and have my lunch with Alexander and accept his job offer. The two men look at each other, they know she’s right.
55) 10) dialog: I know. 65. She takes his hands in hers, squeezes them, then she leav Solo turns to Kuryakin.
55) 19) dialog: Funny.
56) 4) dialog: (through the headphones) H##@o Un*** R##i. It’s too garbled to hear properly. Kuryakin slings the receiver over his shoulder, grabs the antenna, and starts down the hill to try to pick up a better signal.
56) 7) dialog: And there I was feeling all special.
58) 19) dialog: I will accept your offer, but it must include certain requisites.
58) 21) dialog: I want to see my father, and I want to be a part of what he is doing.
58) 24) dialog: The same reason that I know who broke into your laboratories last night.
58) 26) dialog: My “fiancee” is a KGB agent, and he thinks you’re up to no good, Mr. Alexander Skorpios, and so do a lot of other people. She takes out the device Solo gave her, and places it on table.
58) 27) dialog: He’s tracking me as we drink.
58) 31) dialog: He’s been teamed with a CIA agent. You know him as Max Holstein, of Texas Oil. You should be flattered gentlemen, you have managed to do what nobody else could, ally the superpowers.
58) 33) dialog: Please, you know who my father is, and Uncle Rudi’s been grooming me since I was a child. We share the same beliefs Mr. Skorpios. I just think your views may be a little more liberal than mine. Alexander looks at Rudi. Rudi nods, stands, and walks out room.
58) 38) dialog: As a river of gin. Just give me an opportunity to demonstrate my loyalty to the cause. Alexander and Rudi share a look.
70) 0) text: Alexander’s helicopter descends into the castle courtyard three sides, there are massive stone walls, and the fourt side is the rock itself. In the middle of the fourth side, there is the bunker-lik entrance to the old German gun emplacement, which has cle been modernized and put to a different use. The helicopter lands. Alexander and Gaby climb out.
70) 4) dialog: Leave him to me.
71) 0) text: Gaby walks out onto the terrace. Her father turns at the sound of her footsteps. He looks pale and gaunt. He rises to meet her.
71) 2) dialog: Father. He studies her face, not entirely sure. He then takes her hand. But instead of clasping it, he turns it over lookin for something - a small scar on her wrist.
71) 4) dialog: Look at me father. Take a deep breath. I need you to be strong. But he’s off in his own world of self-recrimination.
71) 6) dialog: I need you to stop feeling sorry for yourself and listen carefully to me.
73) 0) text: Alexander stands at a window, looking down at Gaby and he father on the terrace below. Elena enters.
74) 0) text: Gaby and her father walk along the terrace. From his expression, it’s clear that she’s told him why she’s real there. 89.
74) 2) dialog: We'll have to trust one another won't we. Father... you must agree to complete the bomb assembly. That's the best opportunity we have to disable it once and for all. Udo thinks.
74) 4) dialog: Leave him to me. Father and daughter stare at each other.
74) 6) dialog: Hug me, Father. He looks surprised, until her eyes flick towards Alexande and Elena, who are walking out to greet them. Father and daughter hug awkwardly.
74) 7) dialog: My father hasn’t been feeling well. That, and the stress of the work led to a certain amount of self- doubt. However, he is now ready to resume his work.
79) 2) dialog: (to Nikos) Which part did you work on? Nikos is flustered. He’s not used to beautiful women payi attention to him.
82) 0) text: Udo is still working on the bomb. Gaby points to a metal attached to the side of the bomb with a red light and gre light on it. 94.
82) 1) dialog: What does that do?
82) 4) dialog: I’m sorry! I’m so clumsy. I hope that wasn’t important.
88) 0) text: Gaby is seated on a stone bench. Outside the cell, one of Guards looks at his watch. Nods to the other, who starts unlock the door.
89) 0) text: One of the men raises his gun to shoot her. Gaby closes her eyes. Ready to die. Two shots. Gaby opens her eyes to find Solo standing over her. The two Guards lie at his feet. Kuryakin and the others are behind in a fire-fight with o Guards. Solo helps her up. She’s shaking.
89) 1) dialog: 
91) 0) text: Gaby, Solo, and Kuryakin enter. There’s a tunnel entrance end. Alexander’s car engine can be heard echoing back dow tunnel. There are several ATVs (lightweight SUV’s on steroids wit tires) parked in a row, and a line of dirt bikes as well. Kuryakin slings his rifle over his shoulder and jumps on bike. Solo heads for an ATV.
93) 0) text: Solo and Gaby are travelling at tremendous speed, but Ale is quite far ahead.
93) 1) dialog: Do you hate me?
93) 3) dialog: What do you think? Solo smiles.
93) 5) dialog: Hold on tight. They bounce up the hill at tremendous speed, flying throu air as they hit bumps. But once they crest the hill the t joins the road again, and now they’re just behind Alexand Kuryakin has followed behind on his bike. Now, instead of the road, he continues across country, heading uphill to vantage point where he can see the road below. In the meantime, the road is heading into woodlands as Ga Solo close in on Alexander. Gaby bumps the back of the Land Rover. Alexander jams on brakes, trying to shake her off. It’s bumper cars until Gaby sees an opening. She accelera the bank and passes Alexander. She then swerves the ATV d front of the Land Rover, forcing it off the road and into ditch. The ATV flips and lands upside down next to the Land Rove
94) 0) text: Kuryakin can barely see the cars through the trees. He ra the rifle and looks through the sight. Relief as he sees Solo crawl out of the ATV and pull Gaby
95) 1) dialog: I think my leg is broken.
101) 0) text: A battered Solo, Kuryakin, and Gaby, whose leg in a splin watch as four MEN carefully carry the warhead over to the helicopter, and place it in the hold. 103. One of the men comes over and says something to Waverly. then walks over to the warhead, where they talk some more The sound of the helicopter drowns out what they are sayi Waverly comes over to our trio.
101) 2) dialog: But it’s identical to the one...
109) 7) dialog: Thought you’d like to know, the salvage team managed to retrieve the missile’s plutonium core from the sea bed, it’s intact. 111. She notices the tension in the room.
109) 8) dialog: I hope I am not interrupting anything.
112) 0) text: Kuryakin and Gaby are sitting with Waverly and Oleg, in f of a bank of computers and monitors, all staring at where Solo is sitting. Solo’s eyes are wide in shock.