28) 12) dialog: Let him go Ilya. You don’t want to kill your partner on the first day. Kuryakin’s hold gradually relaxes, both men look shocked this information. Solo looks up at his boss, who throws a the paper towel.
29) 0) text: Oleg sips a cup of tea.
29) 1) dialog: We don’t know yet who is behind this but we both agree, not that Sanders and I have ever talked before... He and Sanders chuckle.
29) 2) dialog: ...-that it’s unacceptable to both our nations to have a third party manufacturing and selling nuclear weapons to the highest bidder. Sanders nods. 25.
31) 0) text: Oleg clicks his finger and the lights are off, and Oleg w in front of the film projected onto a wall. Now it’s Solo turn.
31) 1) dialog: Solo was a sergeant in the Marines during the war. He was awarded the Military Cross for bravery. He was stationed in Berlin after the war, where he became involved in multiple criminal activities, mostly dealing in black-market goods. He speaks many languages, and he’s highly cultured for all the wrong reasons. He has a a broad knowledge of art, wine, antiques, only in order to know it’s black market value. He was facing a fifteen year prison sentence for his crimes, but the CIA recognized his talent and offered to withhold his sentence, as long as he worked for them. Since then, he has been involved in some of their most important and dangerous clandestine operations. He has consistently bested our top operatives. (MORE )
31) 4) dialog: ...it is essential that we get it and not the Americans. Once you have completed your main mission... Sanders stops pacing.
31) 6) dialog: ..-mecessary to secure it. Do I make... Sanders stares at Solo. 27.
76) 2) dialog: You'll need their firepower.
76) 4) dialog: Once you’ve stopped the bomb.
76) 6) dialog: Whatever it takes, the disk is fundamental.
76) 8) dialog: The American will be looking for it, if he gets in your way, do what you must. Solo and Kuryakin stare at each other across the room.
112) 0) text: Kuryakin and Gaby are sitting with Waverly and Oleg, in f of a bank of computers and monitors, all staring at where Solo is sitting. Solo’s eyes are wide in shock.