21) 2) dialog: Well done Solo. Solo stares at him for a long beat.
22) 0) text: Sanders puts the kettle on.
22) 1) dialog: Well, it appears the Russians are as anxious as we are to find Professor Teller.
22) 3) dialog: What is your secret? (beat) You know there’s no one in the history of the Agency with a higher success rate when it comes to recruiting and running female assets. You’re a bit of a legend. A long pause. Solo stares at Sanders.
22) 5) dialog: You need a break. 18.
22) 7) dialog: You seem to be forgetting something... You’re on thin ice Solo, and there are things, unpleasant things, lurking under it.
22) 9) dialog: Pull yourself together Solo. Solo suddenly grabs him by the throat and pins him agains the wall.
22) 11) dialog: Look Solo, she’s going to be okay. There's a beat, Solo releases his grip.
22) 12) dialog: I tell you what, let’s meet again tomorrow, we’ll talk about it sensibly.
27) 0) text: A beautiful sunny day. Solo is walking with Sanders through public gardens.
27) 1) dialog: How’s the girl? Is she going to be helpful? He walks into a public restroom, gesturing that Solo shou follow.
28) 0) text: Sanders checks the cubicles.
28) 2) dialog: You’1l have to do better than that.
28) 6) dialog: Rudi Von Trulsch. I think I have a file on him somewhere. Name of the shipping company?
28) 8) dialog: Even more interesting, rumor has it they smuggled Nazi gold to South America after the war. Can she be trusted?
28) 10) dialog: No Solo, you'll be done when I tell you you're done.
28) 13) dialog: That's what I was about to explain Solo, but as usual you jumped the gun. We were going to meet them in the cafe outside. Nature’s needs clearly got the better of their agent as he did of you.
29) 3) dialog: Our mutual interests dictate that we should work together. Unofficially and off-the-books, of course, if the politicians knew about this...
29) 5) dialog: Excuse us for a second. Solo come with me. Sanders stands and Solo follows.
29) 6) dialog: I am not asking you to find the President's missing sticky book, it’s nuclear war we're talking about!... If that’s not enough, and prison isn’t, then how about secret account number 583937994? Your retirement policy. A tidy little sum from your noir racketeering days... That account is now frozen, and I am the only man who can make it thaw, but first, you’re going to go to work.
29) 8) dialog: Well, you’1l be in safe hands then. You yourself reported on how capable he was. There is no choice in this Solo. Finish the job and then, and only then, are you done. Now, we have twenty-four hours to get ready then you head to Greece with the Russian and the girl, as a team. Solo, looks over to Kuryakin. They just stare at each oth
30) 1) dialog: Kuryakin’s father was killed by the Nazis at the siege of Leningrad. The day he got the news, our boy joined the army. He was fourteen. Killed so many Germans he was given the nickname “The Leningrad Plague.” The KGB recruited him after the war and spent years refining him. His one flaw appears to be his temper. But make no mistake, he’s their top agent.
31) 2) text: He’s not predictable. He’s not a product of the system. Kuryakin nods. Sanders paces in front of Solo.
31) 3) dialog: Your main mission is to prevent the delivery of the bomb. That is the first priority. However, you have a second obligation. Professor Teller’s research represents the next generation of nuclear weapons technology. It’s way ahead of anything we or the Russians have currently, and clearly he’s succeeded in putting it into practice. That research will be on a disk. We must have that disk and above all else, it must not fall into the hands of the Russians. Oleg lies on a sofa while Kuryakin paces.
31) 5) dialog: You are to use any means... Oleg gets off the sofa.
31) 13) dialog: ..-myself clear?
76) 1) dialog: The Brits have the biggest naval presence in the area. gl.
76) 3) dialog: But you will be leading the assault.
76) 5) dialog: You must retrieve the disk...
76) 7) dialog: Get rid of the Russian if necessary.
111) 5) dialog: Good to see you Solo, so glad you could make it. You’ve come about thawing account number 583937994?
111) 7) dialog: Nothing to worry about, it can thaw. You just have to sign a few receipts first, you understand the bureaucracy. Could you follow me? Sanders turns and walks away down a corridor, Solo follow INT. DEL FLORIO’S TAILORS - OFFICE - DAY Sanders pushes various forms in front of Solo.
111) 8) dialog: That’s a good man. Just sign here, and here. Solo can't be bothered to read the forms and just signs a 114.
111) 9) dialog: You and the Russian did a good job back there Solo, a proper team, even our governments thought so. Wouldn’t it be good if all the jobs you had to do were for such a good cause? An organization consisting of agents of all nationalities. Sanders puts more forms in front of Solo.
111) 10) dialog: Just a few more.
111) 12) dialog: 
111) 15) dialog: The United Network Command For Law and Enforcement.
111) 17) dialog: I am sure that could be arranged.
111) 19) dialog: Would you? What if I’d told you, you'd be the head agent, and you’d only commit to missions that were a global threat? No paperwork, and no politics. 115.
111) 21) dialog: I was hoping you’d say that, because the Russian put some money on you saying “yes.” I, as you know, am a bit more cynical. I said I'd need to see your signature first, but it seems we were both right. He presses a button, and the wall of clothes behind Sande disappears. We reveal -