0) 0) text: The wall stretches in both directions as far as the eye c see. Barbed wire, armed sentries and guard dogs. This is dividing line. NAPOLEON SOLO crosses no-man’s land, past a sign which re ‘You are now entering East Germany.’ He’s in his 40's, po and confident, with a ready smile. He shows his passport an East German FRONTIER GUARD, addressing him in perfect German. The Guard gestures for him to open his suitcase. Packed a the top are samples of women’s underwear. Solo offers a sample to the Guard, who has a quick look o his shoulder, takes a pair of tights and then hurriedly closes the case, waving Solo through. As Solo leaves the checkpoint, a train is heading towards border as if to cross it, but as it reaches the Berlin Wa the track suddenly curves so that the train remains in th East, running parallel with the Wall. Clearly, a modifica made when the Wall was built.
1) 0) text: As Solo walks along we see that he’s being followed. He's aware of it too. Solo enters a bar.
2) 0) text: Solo orders a beer. As he drinks, he glances out of the window at the East German SECRET POLICEMAN who is followi him. Next to him, a prim-looking, middle-aged WOMAN finishes h coffee, dabs her lips with the napkin, and leaves. Solo unfolds the lipstick stained napkin. On it is an address, and a message, ‘YOU HAVE COMPETITION.’ Solo puts the napkin in his pocket and exits.
2) 1) text: Solo easily loses his tail. He heads to the address on the napkin. Outside is a car, gets in. INT. CAR — DAY The driver, ERNST, is a jovial looking fellow with an air gypsy about him. He flashes a gold-toothed smile at Solo.
2) 3) dialog: You're about to be. Here’s your scotch. Solo fetches a bottle of single malt out of his case.
2) 5) dialog: You owe me. That was harder to get through than a pair of jeans.
2) 7) dialog: And you’re greedy, Ernst, but I like you anyway. Now here is an address, and we need to move, the Russians are onto my target. Ernst looks genuinely excited and starts to unbuckle his trousers.
2) 8) dialog: What are you doing Ernst?
2) 11) dialog: I predicted that. Did you get me a gun? Ernst pulls his coat off the back seat, only to reveal a large machine gun. SOLO (CONT’D) It’s a machine gun, Ernst. I asked for something discreet.
2) 13) dialog: What? The hunger, the cold, the filth? Not really, can we go now? I’m in something of a rush.
3) 2) dialog: Yeah, pick me up on the corner, and Ernst, we need to get the girl over the Wall tonight.
3) 4) text: The walls are covered with motor-racing posters and photographs of famous drivers. Solo approaches a mechanic who is working under a car, we just see a pair of feet.
3) 5) dialog: (in German) I’m looking for Frau Teller. The mechanic rolls out from under the car. Meet GABY TELL a 28 year-old knockout in a boiler suit.
3) 7) dialog: (in German) My name is Napoleon Solo. I’m here about your father Frau Teller. Gaby tenses. Solo smiles reassuringly. SOLO (CONT’D) We need your help.
3) 10) dialog: I imagine you're aware of what your father did during the war?
3) 12) text: After that, he came to work for the U.S. at Los Alamos. Five years ago, he disappeared without a trace. We've been looking for him ever since, but this is the first sign we've had of him. This picture was taken a week ago by one of our agents in Egypt. Solo shows Gaby a black-and-white photograph of half a do men seated at a conference table. Three are wearing high level military uniforms. Solo points to one man who is standing, gesticulating wit his arms as if to make a point. He’s an older professoria type.
3) 14) dialog: It appears your father is in the process of making a deal to sella nuclear bomb to the Egyptians. That’s not great news for Israel, which isn’t good news for the rest of us. Nasty business nuclear war.
3) 16) dialog: We believe he’s working for this man. He points to a man seated next to the Professor. He’s dre in an expensive linen suit but his face is mostly covered the Professor’s arm.
3) 18) dialog: But I bet you know someone who can. An old friend, a relative? Gaby thinks about it, shakes her head.
3) 20) dialog: If you'll agree to help us, I can have you on the other side of the Wall tonight.
3) 22) dialog: I’m offering you a new life. Freedom from all of that.
3) 24) dialog: I know this is sudden. I wish there was more time. But that’s how urgent the situation is. I will protect you and I will get you over that wall. I just need you to...
3) 26) dialog: Trust me. And she almost does. Almost but...
3) 28) dialog: Shall I make this easier? He reveals the machine gun under his jacket. SOLO (CONT’D) You're now my prisoner, you don’t have a choice.
3) 30) dialog: I have a driver waiting for us outside.
4) 0) text: Solo heads out the door and slows abruptly. He notices th Ernst’s car is not quite in the same place, and it’s hard see Ernst. He’s at a strange angle, Solo doesn’t like thi he drops down quickly as a bullet whistles past his ear. He rolls back into the shop.
5) 2) dialog: I need the keys to that thing.
5) 4) dialog: The Russians are after your father too. It’s us or them. Like I said, you don’t have a choice. Beat, as her mind clearly shifts.
7) 2) dialog: What are you doing?
7) 4) dialog: I am aware of that, but what are you doing? She slams the car into reverse and tightens her safety be
7) 10) dialog: Where did you learn to drive like this?
7) 16) dialog: We can’t stay here.
7) 19) dialog: Shall we get out of here? Kuryakin’s car tears back and stops. How could he possibl have seen them? Within a second, he is firing shots from pistol just inches away from their target. Gaby doesn’t hang around. Again she puts the car in rever forcing the car behind her back. This gives her enough ro to mount the curb, knocking the TRASH COLLECTORS out of t way. She’s off again.
7) 23) dialog: You concentrate on the road. She makes a hard left into an alley. Solo is thrown to one side and drops his gun on the floor
8) 4) dialog: We can make it. Gaby is shaking her head. Solo starts to climb into the b seat.
8) 6) dialog: We need more weight in the back.
8) 8) dialog: You can. You don’t, we’re both dead... Trust me... Now put your foot down. Gaby looks at him, hits the gas, and they’re airborne.
9) 0) text: Amazingly, the car lands on the steps, the back flies up, it doesn't flip. Instead, it carries on down the steps, reaching the bottom with a crunch. Kuryakin stops his car at the top of the steps. He climbs of his car and watches them speed away. INT. GABY’S CAR - DAY Solo breathes a sigh of relief.
9) 1) dialog: I'm impressed. You alright?
9) 3) dialog: Shall I drive now?
9) 5) dialog: In there. He points to a multi-story parking structure.
10) 0) text: Gaby parks her car. INT. CAR — DAY Solo and Gaby sit, tensely listening to the sirens go by. Gradually, the sound fades into the distance. 13.
10) 2) dialog: Follow me. He climbs out of the car.
11) 0) text: As Solo and Gaby head for the exit, a car turns into the structure. Solo pulls Gaby down behind a car. As the vehicle passes, they see that it’s Kuryakin.
11) 1) dialog: Who is this guy? He pulls her through the back-door.
12) 0) text: As he and Gaby hurry down the alleyway, Solo looks back t see Kuryakin, looking down at him from the second floor o the parking structure. Solo pulls Gaby around the corner and breaks into a run.
13) 0) text: Solo and Gaby run. And run. And run.
14) 0) text: Surrounded by industrial warehouses. Solo and Gaby crouch hidden in the shadows of one of the warehouses. They are of breath and Gaby looks spent.
14) 2) dialog: Come on. 14. He pulls Gaby up, and they run towards the train. Solo manages to open one of the doors and push Gaby in. On the other side, Kuryakin scans the night as the end of train passes gradually, revealing the warehouses that wer hidden behind it. It appears that Kuryakin is going to let the train pass. the last minute, he runs to catch up with the final carri and jumps onboard.
15) 0) text: Solo has been watching from the window. He pulls his head
15) 2) dialog: Let’s move.
15) 5) dialog: Two tickets for the Center please. He pays the Conductor, who takes forever to give them cha As they continue down the passageway, Kuryakin appears at other end. They hurry down the train. Finally, they reach the hallway outside the driver's compartment. They can go no further. Solo opens the exterior door, but the train is travelling fast to jump off. He looks ahead and sees the Berlin Wall approaching. 15. SOLO (CONT’D) The train has to slow down to make the turn when it reaches the Wall. That's when we jump. Sirens and flashing lights. Solo looks out again. There a now two cop cars driving alongside the train. Here comes Kuryakin. Solo ducks around the corner, just a volley of silenced machine gun fire thuds into the wall n to his head. Gaby is crouched down, covering her head, body shaking.
15) 7) dialog: (to himself) He knows my name???? Solo knows he’s right unless... He tries the Driver’s door. Locked. Solo shoots the lock, barges the door open.
16) 0) text: Solo sticks his gun in the DRIVER'S face. He’s a big, str fellow.
16) 1) dialog: (in German) Faster.
16) 3) dialog: Faster. The Driver doesn’t move, but his eyes give him away, flic to the accelerator handle.
16) 4) dialog: Thank you. 16. Solo jams the accelerator forward. At that moment, the Dr grabs for the gun. They grapple as the Wall approaches. Suddenly, Kuryakin is in the cabin, his gun in Solo’s fac He squeezes the trigger as...
18) 0) text: Solo, Kuryakin, and the Driver are tossed around as the f of the train rolls over.
20) 0) text: Solo swims back into consciousness. The Driver lies groan next to him. Solo crawls into the passageway. He sees the girl, and he a groan, she’s semi-conscious.
20) 1) dialog: Gaby?!...Can you hear me? Her eyes open. SOLO (CONT’D) You're going to be alright. You’re safe now. We hear the sound of sirens as West German POLICE turn up Kuryakin is stuck in the wreckage, and can’t free himself easily, he can see his targets disappearing as he attempt pull himself out. 17.
21) 0) text: Solo watches as a DOCTOR examines Gaby. She winces as he touches her bruised ribs.
21) 1) dialog: (to himself) Welcome to freedom. There’s a knock on the door and SANDERS enters. He’s an effete little man with an air of great cunning and intelligence about him. He’s also Solo’s boss.
21) 3) dialog: Why don’t we step outside.
22) 2) dialog: I’ve had enough.
22) 4) dialog: You heard what I said.
22) 6) dialog: No, I have had enough. Twelve years of playing your little games. I’m done.
22) 8) dialog: Threatening me with a prison cell has lost its traction Sanders. Put me away, it’s better for everyone's health.
22) 10) dialog: This won’t mean much to you, but she trusted me.
27) 0) text: A beautiful sunny day. Solo is walking with Sanders through public gardens.
28) 1) dialog: I think so...
28) 3) dialog: There’s an old friend and colleague of her father’s, a Rudolph Von Trulsch, endearingly known as “Uncle Rudi.” Lives in Greece, works for a big shipping company. (MORE )
28) 5) dialog: She's sure if anybody will be in touch with her father, he’s the man. Sanders is relieving himself.
28) 7) dialog: Triton.
28) 9) dialog: That’s your department now sir, I got you the girl and I got you a name. Now I’m done.
28) 11) dialog: I don’t think you understand. I am over it, for about a thousand reasons, not least of which, I am losing whatever advantage I had over these people. That lunatic Russian android they put on me yesterday isn’t like men I have come up against before. He was a relentless Olympian. That was the closest I have come to termination in the last ten years. It wasn’t me that saved me, it was a banana skin here and a rabbit foot there. In other words, luck. You want to send me back to the cell, send me. I’11 go. But I am done here. A MAN wearing a hat enters, shutting Sanders up. Solo looks over his shoulder as the Man raises his head, Kuryakin. They both look as surprised as the other about unlikely meeting. 24. Without another word, they spring into action. They attem to draw their guns, but there isn’t enough space to use t A serious amount of hand-to-hand combat takes place, destroying the lavatory. It ends with Kuryakin putting a choke hold around Solo’s neck. Solo looks up for help from Sanders, he doesn’t have much time. His boss calmly washes his hands as he gasps his la breath. Solo spots an owl-like man entering the room. This is Kuryakin’s boss, OLEG. He has the eccentric appearance of chess grandmaster. He barks an order at Kuryakin.
29) 4) dialog: (to Sanders) You're forgetting something.
29) 7) dialog: That man sitting there is the enemy! He killed your top agent in East Berlin not twenty-four hours ago, and spent the majority of yesterday trying very hard to kill me...
31) 0) text: Oleg clicks his finger and the lights are off, and Oleg w in front of the film projected onto a wall. Now it’s Solo turn.
31) 2) text: He’s not predictable. He’s not a product of the system. Kuryakin nods. Sanders paces in front of Solo.
32) 0) text: Gaby sits opposite Solo, who passes her a cup of tea. She looking much better.
32) 2) dialog: Look we don’t have much time, and I need access to Uncle Rudi. If anybody knows where your father is, it’s him, and if there’s one person he’ll tell, it’s you.
32) 4) dialog: Trust me. All I need you to be is yourself. I’11l guide you through it, this is what I do. Look at it as a holiday. You can see the sights, get a tan. And I promise there'll be no danger. She's melting.
32) 6) dialog: Promise. The chemistry between them is undeniable, but Solo’s all business. SOLO (CONT’D) Now, you need some clothes. Let’s go shopping. 29.
33) 0) text: A nice mid-range place that sells sensible clothes. Solo watches as Gaby looks at dresses. He spots an elegant black dress.
33) 1) dialog: This one isn’t bad. He shows Gaby the dress. She shakes her head.
33) 4) dialog: Well, friends might be an overstatement... But as coincidence would have it, you do already know the man we have to partner with.
33) 6) dialog: (to Kuryakin) You're early.
33) 9) dialog: Yes, it is. I told you, you know him.
33) 11) dialog: It’s going to be fine. Kuryakin smiles and takes her hand.
33) 14) dialog: That’s perfectly normal, you'll get used to the feeling. He sees the dress.
33) 17) dialog: I think you should leave this department to me, no offense but...
33) 20) dialog: Really, now you're a Russian fashion expert? And that suit is your qualification?
33) 23) dialog: Good work.
33) 25) dialog: Your job was to give me time.
34) 0) text: It’s a beautiful evening. Gaby paces in front of a founta while Solo talks.
34) 1) dialog: He’s an architect designing a new resort for heroes of the Soviet Union by the Black Sea. The Minister has a weakness for classical architecture so he’s been sent to Greece to study it. He’s managed to get a visa for his fiancee.
34) 3) dialog: It’s the perfect cover. Since Uncle Rudi lives in Athens, it’s only natural that you would pay hima visit to tell him the good news, and ask him about your father.
34) 5) dialog: It’s easier than it seems, I’11l coach you through it. Gaby shakes her head.
34) 7) dialog: You can do it Gaby, I'll admit it’s a challenge, but I know you can handle it. She considers, but again she’s melting.
34) 9) dialog: I'll be playing an executive for American oil, on a business trip to check out Triton shipping, Rudi’s employer.
36) 0) text: Solo walks onto the plane, stops for a second, and sees Kuryakin and Gaby sitting together in first class. She ha seen Solo, but Kuryakin has, and takes a sip of champagne 34. Solo takes a step in their direction when he is stopped b the STEWARDESS. She looks at his ticket...
36) 7) dialog: (to himself) Oh, you’re just too funny, aren't you, Babushka.
37) 0) text: A magnificent palace of a building in the best part of to Solo exits a cab. A BELL-BOY hurries over to relieve him his luggage and escorts him inside.
38) 0) text: Oozing luxury and old school grandeur. This is clearly th place where the Athenian jet-set meet. 35. As Solo approaches the check-in desk, he passes Kuryakin Gaby being escorted to the elevator. Solo waits as the guest ahead of him finishes checking in He’s a distinguished looking older man.
38) 3) dialog: Holstein. Checking in.
39) 0) text: Solo sighs as he takes in the narrow single bed and the window which looks out to the wall of the adjacent buildi
40) 0) text: Gaby stands on the balcony admiring the view of the Acropolis. 36. There’s a knock at the door. Kuryakin replaces the false bottom in his very similar suitcase, concealing his own s gear, before letting Solo in. Gaby hands Solo an envelope.
40) 3) dialog: That's fortuitous, Taverna Tony. I've heard it’s the best restaurant in Athens. I’1l be close by.
40) 5) dialog: It wasn’t you I was thinking of, Kalinka. I'll be there anyway. A man has to eat and I like a sun- dried octopus. Kuryakin finishes knotting his tie, and puts on his jacke Once again, the clothes should be ridiculous, but Kuryaki somehow pulls it off. SOLO (CONT’D) Do you want me to lend you a tie? Kuryakin just laughs and stands next to Gaby.
40) 7) dialog: Like a beautiful wave clipper weighed down by a very heavy anchor.
40) 9) dialog: No one can accuse you of cowardice, Stalin. Kuryakin takes a ring out of his pocket and slips it on Gaby’s engagement finger.
43) 8) dialog: You're being followed.
43) 10) dialog: Oh yes, you do. Now give me your gun, before it gets us all into trouble. You’ve clearly got a very short temper... threatening to pull his tongue out.
43) 13) dialog: It’‘ll happen around the next corner. It’s quiet and they’ve put the street lamp out. Remember, you're an architect, take it like a pussy. Now give me your gun. I don’t have time to argue. Kuryakin rolls his eyes and obliges.
43) 28) dialog: Everyone okay? Kuryakin groans.
43) 30) dialog: Good restraint. Your father’s watch. Nice touch.
43) 34) dialog: Your Uncle Rudi wanted to find out if Kalinka here really was an architect, and not some short-— tempered lunatic Russian spy.
44) 0) text: Gaby is talking on the telephone, watched by Solo and Kuryakin.
44) 3) dialog: And I have an appointment to meet the same man tomorrow morning, early, to discuss oil tankers. INT. ALEXANDER SKORPIOS’ OFFICE - NIGHT Rudi hangs up the phone.
45) 0) text: A taxi drops Solo off outside, a brand new ultra-modern building at the entrance to one of the piers, TRITON SHIPPING. EXT. TRITON HEADQUARTERS —- COURTYARD - DAY A SECRETARY leads Solo through a beautifully landscaped garden filled with classical sculptures.
45) 2) dialog: Impressive sculptures.
45) 5) dialog: Quite a set up you have here, Mr. Skorpios.
45) 7) dialog: I'm afraid I’m not much of a fighter.
45) 9) dialog: I’m not sure whether to be flattered or offended.
45) 11) dialog: I’m fine. Thank you.
45) 15) dialog: I’m freelance, so to speak Mr. Skorpios. My employers are not happy with their current shippers, and they are looking to make a change, but they don’t necessarily want to advertise their intentions by sending their own executives.
45) 17) dialog: Well, if I am, I am not about to admit it to you sir. But I’m intrigued, why would the owner of a shipping company be worried about spies?
45) 19) dialog: Well then, you'll be relieved to hear that I’m not remotely interested in stealing your aerospace secrets. You’re sculptures on the other hand... I haven’t seen a Praxiteles and a Lysippus in the same room since the Christie’s sale of ‘59.
46) 0) text: Solo continues to play the American tourist, camera slung around his neck. He snaps pictures. Alexander, Rudi, Elen and others in the entourage. Looking slightly bored, Elena walks past him on the way t the bar. Solo considers, then decides to follow her. He passes Mr. Waverly, the distinguished English gent fro the hotel, who is sitting at a table having a drink.
47) 0) text: Solo gets to the bar before Elena arrives. He leans in to BARMAN and speaks in hushed tones.
47) 1) dialog: There’s a hundred bucks in it for you if you tell her whatever she wants, I just bought the last of. Elena walks up.
47) 4) dialog: I insist you have mine.
47) 6) dialog: It was my mother’s favorite drink.
47) 8) dialog: Alas, which led to me being a late bloomer.
47) 10) dialog: Paddling away, but the current is strong. I’m Max Holstein with Texas Oil.
47) 12) dialog: I was visiting your brother and I saw you training. My history is a little rusty, but do I recall correctly that in ancient Sparta, if a man wanted to ask a woman out, he had to fight her first?
47) 14) dialog: Sadly, not a tough one.
48) 3) dialog: I agree. Kuryakin gives him a look. SOLO (CONT’D) What do you think of him?
48) 5) dialog: Yes, but do you think he’s up to no good?
48) 10) dialog: I mean by “no good,” is he a neo- Nazi involved in the selling of a nuclear weapon to start a war? Not whether or not he is trying to jump your bones.
48) 12) dialog: I agree. Go to lunch tomorrow. Alone. Rattle that tree. There’s fruit up there somewhere. We just need to find it.
49) 0) text: Solo changes into some dark clothing, arms himself, and s out of his room.
50) 0) text: A big sign reads: TRITON SHIPPING AND AEROSPACE. Solo slips past a security guard hut and onto the pier, w appears to be entirely occupied by Skorpios. Moving through the cranes and stacks of containers, Solo looks around. There are big storage warehouses, an enormo tanker being loaded up, and at the very end, a bunker-lik building which houses Triton Aerospace. 55. This building has a high fence around it and is heavily guarded by uniformed security. Just inside is a guard tower with a spotlight, whose beam periodically rakes the front of the building. Solo is standing in the shadows, looking for the best poi of entry, when suddenly he sees another figure, also dres in black, heading towards his hiding place. Solo pulls his gun and crouches behind a crate. The figur stops exactly in the spot where Solo was concealed. Solo peeps around the edge of the crate, and sees Kuryaki also scanning the fence of the aerospace building. Kuryakin spins, wielding a vicious looking knife.
50) 1) dialog: I thought you were having an early night?
50) 3) dialog: This is my patch, pal. Go and find your own warehouse.
50) 5) dialog: Look, this is my job. I don’t need you lurking about here, setting off alarms.
50) 7) dialog: You know what, this is my last mission. All I want is for it to go nice and smooth. So... you can tag along, just don’t get in the way. In and out. No one needs to know, and we can forget about it in the morning. 56.
50) 9) dialog: Yup.
50) 11) dialog: None of your business. Let’s not pretend we’re pals. Shall we get on with this? He runs over to the fence. Kuryakin follows. Solo pulls out what looks like an ordinary pocket-knife, opens the scissors. Kuryakin looks dubious as Solo starts cut the wire, impressed as the blade slices through like paper. SOLO (CONT’D) Super-hardened boron sharpened with a parallax laser. Kuryakin shrugs, he pulls out what looks like a large pen
50) 12) dialog: What's that?
50) 14) dialog: The spotlight beam crosses that doorway every forty-seven seconds. There are two locks. One each? Kuryakin nods. He takes out a device that looks like a screwdriver, with a wire coming out of one end, attached an earpiece. Clearly, a super high-tech lock pick.
50) 16) dialog: Struggling? Kuryakin shakes his head. The light is getting closer. SOLO (CONT’D) Need some help? Closer. SOLO (CONT’D) We don’t have all night, in fact, about ten seconds. A couple more tries with the pick, then Kuryakin gives up kicks the door, breaking the lock.
51) 0) text: Solo and Kuryakin are in a narrow corridor. They hold the breath, listening to know whether the sound of the door h alerted anyone. Apparently not.
51) 1) dialog: That was one way to do it. Kuryakin shrugs.
51) 3) dialog: And we've left a trail. Since we have to work together, we should agree on an approach. And in my experience, ninety-nine percent of the time, the scalpel is more effective than the hammer. 58.
52) 0) text: Solo and Kuryakin move through the labs. They are clearly being used to manufacture high-tech electronic components rocket guidance systems and satellites, but no sign of anything to do with nuclear weaponry. Solo and Kuryakin look at each other.
52) 2) dialog: Or there’s something we’re not seeing.
52) 4) dialog: Let’s take one more pass. The sound of approaching footsteps. They duck down behind desk. A GUARD passes by, on patrol. Solo waits until he enters next room, then starts to move. Solo can see Kuryakin isn moving. SOLO (CONT’D) Shall we go?
52) 6) dialog: This isn’t the time... But Kuryakin is already going after him. 59. SOLO (CONT’D) This way, dammit! It’s like a game of grandmother's footsteps, with Kuryaki sneaking up behind the Guard who periodically senses something behind him, and turns, causing Kuryakin to hide Finally, Kuryakin gets within striking distance. Solo is shaking is head. Get on with it man. But Kuryakin goes in some strange stance, puts both hands behind his back, and whistles, the guard spins. Kuryakin slaps the man so hard it’s almost unbelievable. The man is paralysed, and just stands there frozen, while Kuryakin checks his wrist. Sol quite shocked by this action. SOLO (CONT’D) What have you done to him? He grabs the Guard’s left wrist.
52) 9) dialog: Can we go now? Solo turns to leave, and suddenly stops. He has spotted a heavy protective suit hanging on the wall. SOLO (CONT’D) What is a radiation protection suit doing hanging in an electronics lab? He looks around the immediate area. Nothing. He then flic lone light switch on the wall, and the floor starts movin under Kuryakin’s feet. 60. Kuryakin steps to one side, as a section of floor slides to reveal a hidden staircase. Solo taps his temple with the tip of his index finger.
52) 10) dialog: Scalpel.
53) 0) text: The lab is pretty much empty. There are a few cannisters what looks like some disassembled centrifuge equipment, b that’s it. Solo takes off his watch and presses a button. The watch emits a faint clicking sound. It is a Geiger counter. Kuryakin eyes his own wrist mournfully. The clicking gets louder as Solo approaches a large steel vault door, set into the wall. In the center is a combina lock. Kuryakin offers Solo the lock.
53) 2) dialog: You sure... because if you want to try.
53) 4) dialog: You stick with me kid. The lead-lined vault is empty, but the Geiger counter cli madly. 61. Suddenly, there is a terrible shrieking sound. Kuryakin immediately goes into action, heading for the stairs. The floor above them is sliding shut. Kuryakin scrambles and reaches back for Solo, pulling him out just as the ga closes. Through the glass, several SECURITY GUARDS wielding machi guns can be seen approaching. Kuryakin pulls out his gun. It’s super-cool, high-tech, a huge.
53) 6) dialog: I am alright, pal. Kuryakin pulls out a second super high-tech pistol. He opens fire with both pistols at the same time. Single shots. All deadly accurate. Solo looks for a way out. He taps Kuryakin on the shoulder. SOLO (CONT’D) Can we get out of here? He points to the window. Kuryakin nods. SOLO (CONT’D) On three... One, two, three! He grabs a chair and runs at the window. Kuryakin follows SMASH. They’re through the window in a hail of glass and bullets. 62.
54) 1) dialog: You seemed to have a little trouble in the water. Did you learn to swim late in life?
54) 3) dialog: Come on, come on. He slaps Kuryakin. Twists his nose. Nothing. Finally, he’ forced to give him mouth-to-mouth. Kuryakin sputters awake.
54) 5) dialog: You don’t look so okay. We’ve got to get out of here Mr. Olympics, can you swim? Kuryakin nods.
55) 0) text: Gaby is putting the finishing touches on her makeup. She wears a beautiful dress and looks stunning. Solo sits at the desk, fiddling with some kind of electro device. Kuryakin is on the phone. He hangs up, looks at Gaby and Solo.
55) 2) dialog: I don’t know about this... After last night’s debacle, they’1l be suspicious of everyone. He glares at Kuryakin.
55) 4) dialog: I’ve told you there was no alarm on the vault. Obviously they found the door someone had kicked in!
55) 6) dialog: I'll fit you with a homing device just in case. Solo shows her the device he’s been fiddling with. It loo like a metal lighter. SOLO (CONT’D) Latest technology. Ten mile radius. Two day battery. And it’1l light your cigarette. He flicks it to demonstrate. SOLO (CONT’D) Flick it the other way and it sends a distress signal. We’1ll be there in a matter of minutes. He looks at Kuryakin, expecting some reaction. Kuryakin j nods.
55) 8) text: See you later then. Solo walks her to the door.
55) 9) dialog: We'll be close by.
55) 11) dialog: I'm surprised.
55) 13) dialog: By the fact that you didn’t feel the need to trump me with a “new and improved” Soviet tracking device. I guess you guys haven’t had a chance to steal our technology yet. Kuryakin smiles.
55) 15) dialog: And you already planted one on Gaby, I suppose.
55) 17) dialog: Well, aren’t you Mr. Superspy. Kuryakin looks smug. EXT. ALEXANDER’S VILLA - DAY A magnificent example of mid-century modern architecture built on a massive scale. A chauffeur-driven Mercedes pulls through the gates, past ARMED GUARD patrolling with a huge Rottweiler on a leash, up the driveway to the front door. The CHAUFFEUR jumps out and opens the door for Gaby. In the fore court, half a dozen of the most stunning exot sports car of the day are parked. Ferrari, Maserati, Asto Martin, Alfa Romeo. Gaby is irresistibly drawn to them, examining them each, one-by-one.
56) 0) text: Kuryakin and Solo are watching through binoculars. The villa below stands on its own, surrounded by woodland Kuryakin has set up his surveillance equipment in the bac a van, and is pointing an antenna down towards the villa. 67. The scanning device is on, a single dot is pulsing on the screen.
56) 1) dialog: Looks okay.
56) 3) dialog: Since you have everything so nicely in control, you can handle the surveillance. I’m going to pay the sister a visit, see what I can find out from her. Solo pulls his moped out of the back of the van, and leav Kuryakin adjusts his equipment, puts on a pair of headpho and adjusts some more.
57) 3) dialog: Bad time?
57) 5) dialog: Do I need bits?
57) 7) dialog: I was hoping to keep my clothes on and just be a tourist.
57) 9) dialog: I'm a beginner.
58) 0) text: Solo is now dressed in a gi. He enters a small private ro with mats covering the floor. Elena is waiting.
58) 1) dialog: So, this is a family tradition?
58) 4) dialog: So I gather.
58) 6) dialog: You promised to go easy on me.
58) 9) dialog: I think there’s been a misunderstanding.
58) 11) dialog: I thought it was with you.
59) 0) text: Dimitri has Solo in a choke hold. His face is turning red twists and pushes, and just manages to get out of it. Dimitri whacks Solo on the side of the head. He goes down hard. The ogre lumbers over to him and grabs him by the scruff the neck. That’s when Solo strikes. Kick to the balls. One, two pun and Dimitri collapses. Solo heads out the door and straight for... 74.
60) 0) text: She’s on the phone. Solo stands before her.
60) 2) dialog: I think I may be ready for the advanced class after all.
60) 4) dialog: Shall we get on with it?
61) 0) text: Solo and Elena circle each other. Solo’s starting to look bit wobbly.
61) 1) dialog: I must commend you on your choice of drug. I thought I detected a trace of alfonsiamonoitrate in my water. I can only imagine that within the next few minutes I'll be no good to anyone.
62) 0) text: Solo wakes up to find himself in what looks like a surger Elena is gone. He is strapped to a gurney and Uncle Rudi standing over him. There’s a glass window in one wall, through which Solo can see two MEN standing guard.
62) 2) dialog: That’s quite a story. And I appreciate the trouble you’ve gone to on my account, but I fear your talents may be wasted, as I’m perfectly happy to tell you whatever you want to know. My name is Fredrick Johnson, I ama freelance industrial spy, I steal technology from corporations and sell it to the highest bidder. The German smiles, and nods to an ASSISTANT who is hoveri in the background. All of a sudden, Solo is jolted into a spasm of extraordi proportions. After five seconds it stops and smoke starts rise from his hair.
66) 0) text: Uncle Rudi is now in the chair. Needless to say, he has turned quite pale. Solo’s hand hovers over the electrical switch.
66) 5) dialog: And Gaby?
66) 12) dialog: And when are the Egyptians taking delivery of the bomb? 80.
66) 15) dialog: Now tell me about your organization. Rudi looks relieved.
66) 17) dialog: I have to admit that does sound like an attractive idea. What do you think? Five million each?
66) 20) dialog: I dunno... on second thought. I think I’d rather just cook you. 81.
67) 2) dialog: Sore. Kuryakin hands Solo one of his high-tech guns.
68) 0) text: Solo and Kuryakin reach the narrow corridor at the top of stairs, and are immediately attacked on both sides by the Students we saw earlier, who are armed with nunchuks, swo and various martial arts weapons. They shoot a couple of them, but the sheer numbers mean t fighting soon becomes hand-to-hand. A spectacular martial arts battle ensues as Solo and Kury fight eight men at the same time. Kuryakin once again demonstrates his extraordinary martial arts skills. Solo take care of himself, but now and then needs some help fr Kuryakin. As they make their way towards the entrance, Kuryakin suddenly points at one of their would-be attackers, who a now approaching with a lot more caution.
68) 2) dialog: What are you doing?... The entrance is this way. Kuryakin grabs the Man, but three more attack him. Solo is forced to go to his aid. They’re fighting the fou attackers, but all Kuryakin appears to be interested in i the left wrist of the Man he ran after. Finally, he manages to pull his shirtsleeve up. 82.
68) 4) dialog: Your father’s watch again? This has to stop. Kuryakin storms out of the building.
72) 0) text: Solo stirs uncomfortably in his seat. He’s half sitting o cushion, a failed attempt to ease some of the effect of h torture. Kuryakin sits opposite, smirking at Solo’s predicament.
72) 2) dialog: No, but I‘’1l manage. Kuryakin chuckles. Solo looks annoyed. Long silence. SOLO (CONT’D) I didn’t have her down as a Nazi, I missed that one.
72) 4) dialog: (sarcastic) Of course you did.
72) 6) dialog: Do me a favor.
72) 8) dialog: You know what, Kalinka, you’re really rather sweet in a perverse, dangerous, and naive sort of way. She didn't “get into me,” the job did. I sometimes find myself chuckling at the absurdity of it all. 85.
72) 10) dialog: You should try thinking sometime, Kalinka, a wild idea for you I know.
72) 12) dialog: It must be so comforting not to understand the concept of irony. Last week you were trying to take my life, and this week you’re doing quite a good job of saving it. Can’t wait to see what happens next week, if it turns out that I have something that you want. You don’t know if you’re coming or going.
72) 14) dialog: Is that so? Do you really think the men who give us orders care about making the world a safer place? Or do they just want to be the only kids in the playground with a gun? Hmm, I wonder.
72) 17) dialog: What exactly are the latest developments?
72) 20) dialog: Here we go. I’m starting to smell the irony. She’s working for you, isn’t she?
72) 22) dialog: In other words you wanted the credit for bagging the Professor for yourself. 87.
72) 25) dialog: I’m surprised you’re surprised. You were so sure you were right.
72) 29) dialog: Go easy on him, he’s only just learning that the game he thinks he’s playing, isn’t the game he’s really playing.
75) 0) text: The plane lands. Waverly exits, followed by Solo and Kuryakin. They are greeted by the CAPTAIN, who is surprisingly short in stature.
76) 0) text: INTERCUT BETWEEN: Solo and Kuryakin are pacing as they li to their bosses on separate telephones at opposite sides the room.
77) 0) text: The Captain leads Waverly, Solo, and Kuryakin inside. There's a big map on the wall of Skorpios Island and the surrounding coastline. Seated, facing it, are a dozen Special Boat Service (SBS) TROOPS. These are the British equivalent of Navy Seals. T all stand to attention.
80) 0) text: Two GUARDS patrol the dock. They reach the end, and look at the dark water. Suddenly, a hole appears in each of th foreheads. One tumbles off the dock, where he is caught by two SBS Frogmen waiting below. The other crumples onto the dock. More Frogmen emerge from the dark water and secure the do Then a pair of low profile rafts are floated in, carrying and weapons. Among them are Solo and Kuryakin. The SBS team are crack troops, and they move with well-oi precision. Snipers, a Radio-man, and a RPG team.
85) 1) dialog: (to Jockelson) You'd better radio for support.
85) 4) dialog: Yes, Kalinka.
85) 6) dialog: Fine. I want the sister. But first... He looks around. SOLO (CONT’D) We need to figure out a way out of here. Any hall of this period should have a stone floor, but this one is wood.
85) 8) dialog: It doesn’t make sense, unless there’s something underneath, in which case a stone floor would be too heavy. The doors are cracking. 97. SOLO (CONT’D) We just need to get through it rather quickly.... He looks around, but Kuryakin is already striding across room, towards the Soldier carrying the RPG.
87) 0) text: The Spartan Guards are almost through the inner door. Kuryakin has the RPG, and is aiming at the floorboards ac the room. Kuryakin pulls the trigger, and the rocket ploughs into t floor exploding on impact. Kuryakin is knocked off his feet and the room is filled w smoke, but as it clears, we see that a large section of t floor has been blown away, revealing a room below. Solo picks Kuryakin up, and they start down the hole, fol by Jockelson and his team. 98.
89) 0) text: One of the men raises his gun to shoot her. Gaby closes her eyes. Ready to die. Two shots. Gaby opens her eyes to find Solo standing over her. The two Guards lie at his feet. Kuryakin and the others are behind in a fire-fight with o Guards. Solo helps her up. She’s shaking.
89) 4) dialog: (to Jockelson) Find a radio and get us some help. He’s about to follow the others, when he spots something familiar about the Guard he just shot. He bends over him takes something off his left wrist.
91) 0) text: Gaby, Solo, and Kuryakin enter. There’s a tunnel entrance end. Alexander’s car engine can be heard echoing back dow tunnel. There are several ATVs (lightweight SUV’s on steroids wit tires) parked in a row, and a line of dirt bikes as well. Kuryakin slings his rifle over his shoulder and jumps on bike. Solo heads for an ATV.
91) 1) dialog: (to Gaby) You drive. The ATV and the bike hurtle down the tunnel.
93) 0) text: Solo and Gaby are travelling at tremendous speed, but Ale is quite far ahead.
93) 2) dialog: Does it matter?
93) 4) dialog: I think you can drive better than this. The road winds as it travels uphill. 100. Gaby accelerates, taking the turns at alarming speed, but not getting any closer. Suddenly, she jams on the brakes. Reverses. There’s a dir heading up a steep slope.
94) 0) text: Kuryakin can barely see the cars through the trees. He ra the rifle and looks through the sight. Relief as he sees Solo crawl out of the ATV and pull Gaby
95) 0) text: Nikos lies nearby, also unconscious. Solo tries to help G her feet, but she yelps in pain.
95) 2) dialog: I’m never getting in a car with you again. 101. Whack! Alexander comes out of nowhere, knocking Solo off feet. Solo fights Alexander, but the Spartan is bigger and bett
97) 0) text: Solo is being pummeled. Alexander punches him so hard tha pretty much knocked senseless. Finally, he gets behind Solo and lifts him by the neck.
98) 0) text: Kuryakin tracks the action through his sight. Finger on t trigger. He gets glimpses of Alexander, but he’s blocked Solo’s body. Alexander grips Solo’s head to twist it and break his nec
100) 0) text: Clutching his shoulder, Solo reaches inside Alexander's jacket and snags the disk, which he pockets. He then lean back against a tree. Kuryakin arrives his bike. Hurries over to Solo. Kuryakin grins, seeing that Solo is okay.
100) 2) dialog: Something you've been wanting to do since we met.
100) 4) dialog: I’ve got something for you. He produces Kuryakin’s father’s watch. SOLO (CONT’D) After all that, you shot the guy who took it and didn’t even recognize him. Kuryakin’s eyes light up.
100) 6) dialog: Ouch. Be gentle with me! The sound of a helicopter approaching rapidly. A British naval helicopter lands in a field just beyond the trees, Waverly steps out.
101) 0) text: A battered Solo, Kuryakin, and Gaby, whose leg in a splin watch as four MEN carefully carry the warhead over to the helicopter, and place it in the hold. 103. One of the men comes over and says something to Waverly. then walks over to the warhead, where they talk some more The sound of the helicopter drowns out what they are sayi Waverly comes over to our trio.
104) 0) text: Solo turns to the group.
104) 1) dialog: What was the name of the leader of the 300 hundred Spartans?
104) 3) dialog: Please answer the question.
104) 5) dialog: Leonidas is the name of the boat we're looking for. The Captain looks skeptical.
104) 12) dialog: This is Napoleon Solo. I have a message for the owner of your boat, Elena Skorpios.
106) 0) text: Silence, more doubt in the room. The Radio Tracking Man r his finger, he needs more time to find a position. Solo continues.
106) 1) dialog: The message is: earlier today I killed your brother. Silence from the radio. The Captain looks at his watch.
106) 4) dialog: Sure enough. We see the Russian put his hands behind his back in preparation for the “KGB Kiss.” Off screen we hear it’s delivery. Solo on the radio. SOLO (CONT’D) I would like to report that he died according to the Spartan tradition, with honor and courage. But alas, this was not the case. (MORE )
106) 6) dialog: It was sadly really rather pitiful. So, I'd just like to send you my condolences. Long silence. It looks like nothing is going to happen. T the radio crackles to life.
108) 3) dialog: I am most flattered you feel so strongly about me, however, in order for that to happen don’t you first need to be able to inform your organization?
108) 7) dialog: I see one flaw in your logic.
108) 11) dialog: While you’ve been busy telling me how dangerous you are, we’ve been busy locking onto your location, via your radio signal. This gave us your general location.
108) 15) dialog: I haven't finished, the coupling device, that you so considerately left us on your decoy warhead, is accurate to ten feet. (MORE )
108) 17) dialog: That warhead, although not nuclear, shouldn’t have too much trouble obliterating a medium sized Greek fishing boat.
109) 0) text: Solo is packing his gear into a suit case, on the bed we see the disk, on a dressing table is his gun. There is a knock at the door. Solo covers the gun with a towel and o the door. Kuryakin is standing there holding a bottle.
109) 2) dialog: You might as well, cause I got something for you too. He gestures to a bottle of whiskey. Solo clocks that Kuryakin has seen the disk on the bed.
109) 4) dialog: Why don’t you sit down? Kuryakin does so, but his hand looks like it could reach his gun. Solo gives Kuryakin his glass and smiles, he ret to his seat at the dressing table and puts his glass down the towel with the gun underneath it, he uses the drink a cover. SOLO (CONT’D) All in all, I think we made a pretty good team.
109) 6) dialog: So what now? You go back to Russia? Mission accomplished? The Russian’s eyes again flick toward the disk, and his h seems to creep inside his jacket looking for a gun. In response, Solo’s hand is creeping under the towel. The tension mounts. Suddenly, there is a knock at the door. T tension is shattered. SOLO (CONT’D) Could you get that for me? The Russian opens the door. There stands Gaby.
109) 9) dialog: Just a drink, and we can continue that downstairs. I have to catch a plane in an hour. There’s a release of tension.
110) 0) text: Solo puts his bags on his chair, and checks his inside pocket, it contains the disk, he’s happy. He then attempt put his bags up into the space above his seat. He’s havin some trouble due to his injured shoulder. A hot STEWARDES helps him while people push behind.
110) 1) dialog: Thank you, young lady. He sits, sighs with relief, closes his eyes and falls asl He wakes at 30,000 feet, looks out of the window, and tap his breast pocket, a look of shock comes over him, there' nothing there. He’s been pick-pocketed. He starts frantic searching his clothes. We hear a voice off screen, it’s the Russian.
110) 3) dialog: That's for taking out the electrodes from my behind and shooting me through the shoulder, and both times somehow saving my life. Now we're even. He walks off. He goes to the bar. The Russian approaches throws the disk on to the bar. SOLO (CONT’D) This isn’t going to work is it?
110) 5) dialog: Go fishing.
110) 7) dialog: Oh, you are sweet, Kalinka. Tell you what, the day there’s an organization that only deals with real threats, and bypasses national oneupmanship, I'll be interested.
110) 9) dialog: Well I don’t see how it can do anyone any good do you? It’s a pity that neither of us found it.
111) 1) dialog: Well that’s the end of that.
111) 3) text: EXT. NEW YORK STREET —- DAY Solo is walking down a street in the East Forties. He see Del Florio’s Tailors. INT. DEL FLORIO’S TAILORS - DAY The bell dings as Solo enters and produces a ticket. He h it over, the MAN behind the counter looks up at Solo.
111) 6) dialog: That was our deal.
111) 11) dialog: Great idea sir, but it would never happen. Anyway what would you call it?
111) 14) dialog: As in my father’s brother? What does that mean?
111) 16) dialog: Sounds like you've been thinking about it sir. Of course, you’d need the Russian, and the girl was pretty useful as well.
111) 18) dialog: I'll believe it when I seen it. He continues signing.
111) 20) dialog: Very entertaining sir. In that case, you'd have my attention. I'd be your man. Sanders looks relieved and takes away the last paper that Solo was signing. He checks the signature and blows it dr
112) 0) text: Kuryakin and Gaby are sitting with Waverly and Oleg, in f of a bank of computers and monitors, all staring at where Solo is sitting. Solo’s eyes are wide in shock.