35) 0) text: PROFESSOR UDO TELLER, Gaby’s father, stands alone on the rocks, staring out to sea. Looming over him on the cliffs above is a medieval castle Two men approach him from the direction of the fortress. is Alexander Skorpios. The other is another older gentlem very well dressed, with a mane of thick white hair. There an air of dissipation about him. Meet RUDOLPH VON TRULSCH “UNCLE RUDI.”
35) 2) dialog: Rudi. What are you doing here?
35) 4) dialog: (to Uncle Rudi) What do you want me to say? I’ve served loyally for twenty-five years, haven't I?
35) 6) dialog: It is one thing for the organization to have nuclear capability for the purposes of leverage or deterrent. It’s quite another for us to sell the bomb to other parties, who will use it to commit genocide.
35) 8) dialog: (shouting) They didn’t build it! They’re not directly responsible!
35) 11) dialog: I don’t want her involved in this. Keep her away Rudi. Promise me...
71) 1) dialog: (in German) Gaby?
71) 3) dialog: Oh God. It really is you. He puts his head in his hands. UDO (SUBTITLE) (CONT’D) Forgive me. As you get older you start to doubt some of your beliefs, and I think I’ve made a terrible mistake.
71) 5) dialog: I was so sure I was doing the right thing. 84. Whack! Gaby slaps him across the face.
74) 1) dialog: How do I know that this isn’t some kind of trick?
74) 3) dialog: If I can substitute the neutron reflector lens... But they’1ll be watching every step of the process. My assistant Nikos, he’1l know.
74) 5) dialog: Thank you. I know you despise me but...
74) 9) dialog: I’m ready.
74) 11) dialog: I want my daughter with me. Alexander glances at Elena, who nods.
74) 13) dialog: (to Gaby) Come, I’1l show you my laboratory. Alexander and Elena watch them walk away.
79) 0) text: A glass fronted room, full of scientific equipment and machinery, including three or four warheads on a rack, wh are off to one side. In the center, resting on a metal trolley, is the nuclear bomb casing. Udo stands over it, wearing a white lab coat. He is assembling the internal components. It’s a delicate proce involving patience and precision. There are several white coated TECHNICIANS servicing him.
79) 1) dialog: Nikos? Micro-wrench. His chief assistant, NIKOS, is a slimy young man with a ferret-like appearance. He hands Udo a precision tool, wh Udo uses to secure a connection inside the bomb. 93. Gaby stands just a little too close to Nikos, watching he father work.
79) 4) dialog: Nikos has been part of the whole process. He’s quite brilliant.
82) 0) text: Udo is still working on the bomb. Gaby points to a metal attached to the side of the bomb with a red light and gre light on it. 94.
82) 3) dialog: Nikos? Neutron focus lens. Nikos takes the lens out of a wooden box and hands it to Professor. This is Gaby’s cue. She “accidently” brushes against a gl beaker full of a dark brown liquid, which smashes on the floor. Everyone turns to look at her, at which point the Profess slips the lens into one pocket and pulls a substitute len out of another.
82) 7) dialog: Nikos, pay attention! Reflector wrap.
82) 10) dialog: Almost done. 95.
86) 0) text: As gunfire sounds above, Udo quickly closes the bomb casi Alexander looks at his watch.
86) 2) dialog: What about Gaby?