35) 0) text: PROFESSOR UDO TELLER, Gaby’s father, stands alone on the rocks, staring out to sea. Looming over him on the cliffs above is a medieval castle Two men approach him from the direction of the fortress. is Alexander Skorpios. The other is another older gentlem very well dressed, with a mane of thick white hair. There an air of dissipation about him. Meet RUDOLPH VON TRULSCH “UNCLE RUDI.”
35) 1) dialog: Hello Udo. The Professor is startled from his reverie.
35) 5) dialog: No one is questioning your loyalty. 33.
35) 10) dialog: I have some happy news, Udo. I’ve heard from Gaby. The blood drains from Udo's face. UNCLE RUDI (CONT’D) She's coming to Athens, with her new fiancee. Imagine our little Gabriella getting married. Perhaps it’s time for a reunion? Udo looks horrified.
41) 2) dialog: Gabriella my darling! Age is being much kinder to you than it is to me. So rare that a facade so pure, reflects so accurately the goods it contains. He kisses her hand. Kuryakin rolls his eyes.
41) 4) dialog: Nonsense, I report the truth. I never thought I’d see you out of that country of darkness. The light of freedom treats you well. No disrespect to you young man, or should I call you Comrade? He turns to Kuryakin.
41) 6) dialog: What will make me happy, is to know that my Gabriella will be marrying aman that’s worthy of her. And how long have you two lovebirds known each other?
41) 8) dialog: You didn’t think to mention him. Were you ashamed? Kuryakin looks confused.
41) 10) dialog: I appreciate that the equity of aristocratic blood is wasted on a communist, however, even a Russian peasant must recognize the incompatibility of mixing the blood of a race horse with that of a cart horse. 39. The Russian goes quiet as he tries to calculate the depth the insult that has been levelled at him.
41) 12) dialog: Tell me Ilya, did they get you to build the Wall before they put you behind it? You are shaped like a power lifter, not an architect! The Russian forces himself to speak.
41) 14) dialog: Does Gabriella ride on your back? You must jog a great deal to look like that, it’s a wonder you have any time for architecture. And where do you jog to? Or is it the kind of jogging that goes nowhere? Please tell me it’s not that, not the “old dog chasing its tail” routine. We can see the Russian has had enough.
41) 16) dialog: A sense of humor and a muscled corsair’s daring, all wrapped up in a tie that can only be worn by a man permanently drunk on courage. I commend you on your choice Gaga, a rare find. Now let’s order. 40. Rudi gives a slight nod, and the Greek band strikes up a tune.
42) 0) text: Kuryakin, Gaby, and Uncle Rudi are on their coffee.
42) 2) dialog: Your father is a fugitive, my dear. A hunted man. He’d be very foolish to be anywhere in Europe.
42) 4) dialog: Gabriella, I feel for you as I would for my own child, but I’m afraid I can’t help you. He stands. UNCLE RUDI (CONT’D) And now, it’s getting late. I highly recommend that you take the short stroll back to your hotel. The Acropolis at night is something not to be missed, especially for an architect. Solo watches as they exit. Rudi points which way to walk before he is whisked away in the massive Mercedes. As Kuryakin and Gaby stroll up the boulevard, the two Thu from the beginning of the scene start to follow them.
44) 4) dialog: She'll be coming to the racetrack tomorrow. 45.
44) 6) dialog: I am not sure.
44) 8) dialog: Leave it with me.
45) 23) dialog: What’s the world coming to? A few years ago muggings never happened. I’m sorry you got hurt Comrade. Kuryakin forces a grin through gritted teeth.
45) 25) dialog: (proudly) You were always brave. Even as a little girl. Another young woman approaches, the same one Solo saw training earlier. This is ELENA SKORPIOS. She’s very chic a muscular kind of way.
45) 27) dialog: Elena! Allow me to introduce my god- daughter Gaby. Gaby, this is Elena Skorpios, that’s her brother on the track, and also my employer.
47) 19) dialog: Alexander, this is my goddaughter Gaby. Alexander takes Gaby’s hand, holds it a little too long.
56) 6) dialog: Did he offer you a car?
56) 8) dialog: Oh, he doesn’t do it to everyone, but I had a feeling he’d make an extra effort for you. Good afternoon my child. I can’t stay long, just here to say hello, and get you started.
58) 22) dialog: I told you, she’s one of us.
58) 40) dialog: He is.
62) 0) text: Solo wakes up to find himself in what looks like a surger Elena is gone. He is strapped to a gurney and Uncle Rudi standing over him. There’s a glass window in one wall, through which Solo can see two MEN standing guard.
62) 1) dialog: Once upon a time there was a little boy. You wouldn’t describe him as a particularly special little boy, he was neither tall or handsome, charismatic or amusing. In fact, he appeared to be exceedingly dull. Because of this boy’s apparent shortcomings, he was bullied mercilessly and relentlessly by the other children. Year merged with miserable year, as life continued to be a living hell. But what the other boys didn’t understand about their victim, is that he didn’t see them as enemies. He saw them as instruments of learning. A priceless lesson was gleaned from his tormentors. Man has only two masters in this world. And their names, Mr. Solo, are pain and fear. As the boy grew older, he found he had an extraordinary talent for eliciting these gods in others. So, on the principle of playing to your strengths, he decided to make their cultivation his life’s work. Fortunately for this boy, history presented an unprecedented opportunity, a world war. You may have heard of the Dark Angel of Ravensberg, the Butcher of Belsen, or my favorite, the Fifth Horseman, Doctor Apocalypse. What history has failed to relate is that this was not three individuals, but the tireless work of a single artist. Rest assured that you are in experienced hands, and trust me, when I say, Mr. Solo, you will tell me the truth. But we can take our time, there is no hurry... 77.
62) 3) dialog: While you were resting, I took the liberty of inserting some electrodes into the nerve center at the base of your spine, hurts doesn’t it? Shall we start again?
65) 1) dialog: Mr. Solo, I don’t think you took me very seriously. In the background, through the window, we see Kuryakin sh and generally dispose of the two GUARDS. The glass is sou proof. Solo can see Kuryakin in the background and watches the Guards drop, he tries not to give away his relief. Rudi turns as his Assistant wheels over a table full of instruments of torture, but is too distracted to notice t the Guards are no longer standing outside the window.
65) 2) dialog: It does continue to amaze me, that people think I can’t spot a lie... He flicks the switch himself. Solo is jolted again. Kuryakin, who is crouched down, opens the door and slips The Assistant turns, and is shot dead, the sound of his falling body is masked by the sound of the electricity. Rudi turns the power off. UNCLE RUDI (CONT’D) Pass me the pliers, the show is about to begin. Rudi’s hand goes out and receives nothing. He then turns see Kuryakin.
66) 0) text: Uncle Rudi is now in the chair. Needless to say, he has turned quite pale. Solo’s hand hovers over the electrical switch.
66) 2) dialog: Ahh... Skorpios!
66) 4) dialog: The family’s private island.
66) 6) dialog: She's there too. Kuryakin looks at Solo.
66) 8) dialog: What???
66) 10) dialog: Gaby. (proudly) She’s one of us now.
66) 13) dialog: You're too late. Solo’s hand hovers over the switch.
66) 14) dialog: Tomorrow. No more, please! Solo stares at him and steps away from the switch.
66) 16) dialog: At the end of the war, some of our leadership managed to escape to South America. We’ve been steadily rebuilding since then. We have more power, money, and influence than you can imagine. It doesn’t matter what happens to me or even the bomb. This is only the beginning. You can’t stop them, but you can take care of yourselves. You’re practical men, you can kill me, but you know it won’t make any difference. Let’s make a deal. I can have Swiss bank accounts set up today. Name your price. Solo’s eyebrows raise as he looks at Kuryakin.
66) 19) dialog: Ten million each. Done!