38) 2) dialog: (English accent) Thank you, my good man. Solo smiles at the pretty DESK CLERK.
46) 0) text: Solo continues to play the American tourist, camera slung around his neck. He snaps pictures. Alexander, Rudi, Elen and others in the entourage. Looking slightly bored, Elena walks past him on the way t the bar. Solo considers, then decides to follow her. He passes Mr. Waverly, the distinguished English gent fro the hotel, who is sitting at a table having a drink.
72) 16) dialog: Vodka for Mr. Solo? Bourbon for Mr. Kuryakin. And... He sits down next to Solo. 86. WAVERLY (CONT’D) Sherry for me. (beat) Since you two are at the disadvantage here, allow me to introduce myself, retired Admiral Percival Waverly. Currently, Deputy Head of British Naval Intelligence. Your employers send their regards. Given the latest developments, we are all in agreement that we need to stop competing, and help one another on this one. You will report to me for the remainder of the mission. You can confirm this with your bosses when we land. Down she goes. He takes a large swig of his sherry.
72) 18) dialog: We have it on good authority that the Egyptians are expecting delivery of the warhead within the next twelve hours. There are rumors that they’re sending a submarine. And... there’s the small matter of retrieving our agent.
72) 21) dialog: Gaby is a British agent, has been for years. There are some things too sensitive to share, even with one’s allies.
72) 23) dialog: Once you Americans lost her father, it was only a matter of time before his old Nazi chums would turn up. We were expecting Nazis, but we weren't expecting you two. You nearly cocked up fifteen years of our work, but we have to make do, don’t we?
72) 26) dialog: We knew that Alexander Skorpios already had his doubts about you, Mr. Kuryakin, and your botched break-in to his headquarters only fuelled his suspicions. He looks at Solo. WAVERLY (CONT’D) Honestly, kicking in a door? Where did you learn your skills? Solo doesn’t bother to protest. WAVERLY (CONT’D) My agent was forced to denounce you, in order to maintain her own credibility and stay in the game. She knew that you’d planted a bug on her and would be listening to every word she said.
72) 28) dialog: Where did they send you to school my dear boy? 88.
72) 30) dialog: Do you honestly think you could plant a bug on an agent, who has been in the field for more than a week, without them knowing? There’s a ding and the “fasten seat belt” light comes on. WAVERLY (CONT’D) Now fasten up, we’re going in. Solo and Kuryakin look out of the window. Nothing but oce below them, until the plane banks and a British aircraft carrier comes into view.
75) 0) text: The plane lands. Waverly exits, followed by Solo and Kuryakin. They are greeted by the CAPTAIN, who is surprisingly short in stature.
75) 2) dialog: Not at all Captain, understood. Now, I need to get these men to a radio.
75) 4) dialog: The Captain has a bit of a power issue, I’m sure you can understand why. It’s best you leave him to me. They are escorted inside.
77) 0) text: The Captain leads Waverly, Solo, and Kuryakin inside. There's a big map on the wall of Skorpios Island and the surrounding coastline. Seated, facing it, are a dozen Special Boat Service (SBS) TROOPS. These are the British equivalent of Navy Seals. T all stand to attention.
77) 2) dialog: Please sit down....Skorpios Island has been a fortress of some kind since the time of the ancient Greeks. The Knights Templar built a castle there in the Middle Ages, and the Germans built a massive fortified gun emplacement there during the war. Several attempts to capture it were unsuccessful. Later, Alexander's father purchased it and it has been refurbished extensively since then. We've managed to “borrow” the plans from the architect in Athens... After careful study, our conclusion is that our best approach is a stealth operation. A surprise attack by a small team of our best men. That is you gentlemen.
101) 0) text: A battered Solo, Kuryakin, and Gaby, whose leg in a splin watch as four MEN carefully carry the warhead over to the helicopter, and place it in the hold. 103. One of the men comes over and says something to Waverly. then walks over to the warhead, where they talk some more The sound of the helicopter drowns out what they are sayi Waverly comes over to our trio.
101) 1) dialog: Well, it appears we have the wrong warhead.
101) 3) dialog: It is, only there’s no plutonium. It’s a decoy. We’ve been had. (to pilot) Let's go. Waverly gets into the front of the helicopter and starts barking orders into the radio.
102) 0) text: Waverly finishes on the radio.
102) 1) dialog: They’ve searched the castle from top to bottom. Nothing. No sign of the warhead or Elena Skorpios. We've had the place locked up all night. Radar, sonar, aerial patrols, no ships have been in or out of the harbor, including submarines. But... some fishing boats left the village this morning just before dawn. The Harbor Master is being brought to the carrier to help us. Solo stares at the decoy.
104) 4) dialog: Leonidas. FLASH TO: The pictures of the boat. Solo fills in the mis letters, they fit perfectly.
104) 7) dialog: Give my man a minute, Captain. The Captain huffs and puffs, and stands on his tip toes.
112) 0) text: Kuryakin and Gaby are sitting with Waverly and Oleg, in f of a bank of computers and monitors, all staring at where Solo is sitting. Solo’s eyes are wide in shock.