1) 8) text: Chris looking at them. They pass, except for the last man who walks slower than the rest, a slight limp. His eyes f on Chris. They're frightening eyes, starved, hollow, sunken deep in his face, black and dangerous. The clammy pallor of malar clings to him as he looks at Chris through decayed black  teeth. Then the sun flares out on him and he's past. And  Chris looks back. Disturbed. It's as if the man was not r For a moment there. As if he were a ghost. Chris walking, duffel bag on the shoulder, looks up at th lollipop sun burning a hole through the sky. A rushing SO now. Of frightening intensity, an effect combining the bl of an airplane with the roar of a lion as we hardcut to:
2) 0) text: The sun matches the intensity of the previous shot as we  move down into thick green jungle. We hear the sound of M coming, a lot of men. The thwack of a machete. Brush bein bulled. We wait. They are getting close. The CREDITS continue to run. SUBTITLE reads: December 1967 - Bravo Company, 25th Infan Division - Somewhere near the Cambodian Border. A sweating white face comes into view. CHRIS - cutting po Machete in one hand, whacking out a path for the platoon, 16 in the other, he looks like he's on the verge of heat  exhaustion. Breathing too hard, pacing himself all wrong, bumping into things, tripping, not quite falling, he look pathetic here in the naturalness of the jungle. An urban  transplant, slightly neurotic and getting more so. His rucksack is coming apart as well, about 70 badly pack pounds banging noisily. Behind him BARNES now comes, the Platoon Sergeant. Then t RTO, his radio man, humming lightly. Others are behind, t column snaking back deep into the brush. We cut around some FACES of the Platoon - all to be seen  later. Young faces, hard and dirty after weeks in the fie exhausted yet alert, fatigues filthy, slept-in, torn,  personalized, hair way past regulation length, medals,  bandannas. A jungle army. Boys. Chris glancing down at his raw bleeding blisters. Transfe the machete to his other, slightly less blistered, hand. kid cuts on - struggling but trying, on his last reserves strength, smashing almost straight forward through brush, not even bothering to look ahead. He smells something, lo around, slows his pace, eyes working... around to the bas of a tree. He moves past it. And as he does so, the camera from his POV comes around o dead decomposing 10-day-old GOOK - eyes starting from its sockets, worms and flies feasting. Chris draws his breath in, terrified. Barnes suddenly app alongside, his hard humourless eyes looking annoyed from gook to Chris.
4) 4) text: As Barnes picks up his pace, irritated now at this reprim from the CO - coming up on Chris, who is soaked now from  head to foot in sweat, dizzy, feeling sick, about to vomi
4) 6) text: He grabs Chris's machete out of his hand and bulls his wa into the foliage, tearing it apart, setting a new pace. Chris being bypassed by the column, their eyes on him. He swatting at the red ants that are all over his neck. GARDNER, another new recruit, fat, hustling up to replace him. A big and black medic - DOC - comes over, gentle eyes and manner; with him is Sergeant ELIAS, concerned.
4) 10) text: Sergeant Elias, a handsome, graceful dark-haired Indian k of 23, the squad sergeant, is taking items out of Chris'  pack - air mattress, extra unnecessary clothing, extra  canteens, grenades, gas mask, books.
4) 12) text: Chris nodding, grateful, panting. The men passing, watching. Chris sorry about this, trying keep up face. BUNNY, a young 18 year-old with an angel's face, is pissi in the dead gook's face. KING passes, glances at him.
9) 0) text: KING looks like a king. A lion of a black man but with a  sleepy, gentle face, not to be roused, is painfully tryin to scrawl a letter home with the pencil held awkwardly,  mouthing the words. FRANCIS, a young baby-faced black wit long lashes and soft eyes, peeks over his shoulder, shaki his head.
13) 0) text: Towards the end of this voice over, we cut to Sgt. BARNES moving towards the PLATOON PC. A powerful face, a quiet,  angry fixed stare, a thick trimmed moustache that helps  conceal a network of plastic surgery grafts and scars. Th distortion from the jaw up the left side of his face to h forehead, punctuated by a severe indentation above the le eye where a bullet once penetrated his skull. Walking with him is Sgt. O'NEILL as they join WOLFE, Sgts ELIAS and WARREN at the PLATOON PC where they're huddled  over maps. Warren is a black, thin, tall, paranoid man wi untrusting eyes, silent and bitter.
13) 11) text: They all look at each other. O'Neill spits in the dust, a freckled, short red head with a hard worried face, a life 30 going on 60.
13) 20) text: His resentment directed partly at the way in which Elias  carries himself, the natural sense of grace - and the dig it bestows.
16) 0) text: At the Ambush CP, Ace whipsers into his radio. A soft his sound.
18) 0) text: Later. A pool of muddy water has formed, in which a pair buttocks sit. Move up to Chris still on duty, looking at watch, drawn, drenched, pathetic, rainwater coursing down his face.
19) 0) text: Chris jerks awake - very suddenly, very frightened. THE R HAS STOPPED. The jungle sounds are loud. Cicadas, night  animals, water dripping hypnotically from leaf to leaf. A the whirr of a million mosquitoes out after the rains, ch at Chris' face. He looks around, startled. Tex is asleep. Junior is asleep. What happened? He looks his watch. The mosquitoes are eating him alive. He buries his head in his green towel which he wears around his nec but he can't see. A beat. He moves again, miserable from bites. Another beat. Then suddenly the sounds of the jung shift - some of the animals dropping out. A different ton A piece of wood is stepped on, a rustle of bush... Chris sees something, lifts an edge of the towel to peek  out. A shadow of a figure is frozen there in front of him abou 15 yards. It looks like a man. But it doesn't move. At al It listens. Chris, his heart in his mouth, tries to peer through it.  It's a bush. It has to be. No human being could stand tha still. His heartbeats are up. The moments take forever. B deep down - somewhere in his psyche - he knows who it is. The figure now shifts, ever so slightly - and moves. It I human being. Oh my God! Chris looks around. Tex seems like a mile away. Why doesn anyone fire! He casts a desperate look at his rifle, at h grenades encrusted with mud, but in spite of all his trai he is frozen with indecision and fear at the sight of his enemy. The figure seems to whisper something back, then turns an comes down the trail. Now a second and third figure appea behind him - all in helmets and packs. All coming right p Chris' position. Ten yards. Nine. Chris is rigid with terror. Stark eyes. Pleading with Tex wake up, but out of reach. He is about to have an anxiety attack, his heartbeats so far up he is sure they will hea him. The first figure is now directly in front of Chris on the trail, looking left and right. A rattle of his equipment, creak of leather. A smell. The man's face now catches the moonlight and his eyes come around on Chris. Oriental eyes. Looking right at him. Startled. Chris star back, hypnotized. It all happens very fast. The figure mu something in Vietnamese. A warning. He swivels. A flash of muzzle fire. A raking cough of automatic fire. grenade explosion. Chris is hurled to the ground, helmet bouncing off, scatt confused, jarred. All hell breaks loose around him with N and SHOUTS. Tex, kissing the ground, is yelling at him.
22) 2) text: He lays out red tracer bullets like laser beams, then sud reels back, whiplashed, screaming. A grenade explosion ro them.
22) 4) text: His hand and wrist are gone, his face in the dirt. Junior fumbling around, trying to stay down and help him at the  same time.
28) 7) text: Too late. Sgt. O'NEILL, the redhead lifer accompanied by  Spec 4 SANDERSON, a big handsome blond kid, not too brigh in the face, both slightly drunk, come around a corner, b cans in hand. O'Neill sees Chris immediately.
30) 4) text: Chris surprised at their attitude. The joint suddenly hit him, a look in his face, eyes looking around different.   Over at King.
32) 19) text: They go on ad-libbing with each other, teasing Doc, who's fairly straight, saying he wants to go to med school in t fall. 'Be what?''A gynecologist, man.''What dat?' Francis suggests, 'Dats a pussy doctor, man - he's gonna be Docto Feelgood, man!' They're all cracking up, finding every jo funny. As Chris finishes his hit on the pipe, looks up ac the smoke, already dazed, surprised to see ELIAS suddenly there - leaning out of his sling in a far corner of the h A Monkey is draped around his neck with silver bracelets, rings, a necklace - like a sensual little Egyptian whore, Elias playing with it, spaced out in a sleeveless vest, t pants. Dancing eyes on Chris, he swings out the hammock,  comes over with the monkey. Meanwhile Manny has broken into a high falsetto snatch of blues directed at Chris, joined by Big Harold and Francis all of them clicking their hands.
32) 31) text: As he sucks in a huge mass of smoke off the bowl. His eye performing a funny little hop, skip and jump, as he holds it, his face turning red. The monkey jabbers and jumps around on his neck, worried. Elias then blows the smoke out in its face, the monkey ha it. The Group laughs.
32) 48) text: The look on his face ensnares all of them, except perhaps Rhah.
33) 0) text: In comparison to the darkness of the hooch, a highly lit  atmosphere, attracting bugs... dusty gear lying around a  disordered hooch, loud and finger-snapping COUNTRY WESTER MUSIC playing from a tape deck, a well-known tune, circa  1967. BUNNY, the 18 year-old angel face, totters drunk with a C 45 beer in hand, over to JUNIOR, the badass black kid wit the zits, who just lies there on his cot sweating, doing  nothing.
33) 20) text: Wolfe winks at him, continues on to the POKER GAME going in the center of the barracks, the main action. BARNES, S O'NEILL and WARREN, the quiet sullen black, SANDERSON and SAL play as ACE, the tiny radio kid, and MOREHOUSE look o all of them drinking beer and bourbon chasers from a bott
34) 0) text: Francis, the baby-faced black, and Manny, green shades  covering his skinny face, lead with a high blues falsetto
34) 4) text: King and Big Harold wave Chris into the Circle and he sta swaying with them, feeling as if he's being accepted into new family. Rhah watches it all, puffing away on his magic dragon pip the shadows dancing on the walls. It looks like a Saturday night dance party. A yearning fo tenderness, for feminity, for a moment of peace in this  nightmare life. Their eyes closed, thinking of dance part that can't be here tonight. Singing their souls out.
42) 0) text: Elias climbs deeper and deeper into the hole, a rope atta to his waist leading out to the surface, his flashlight n coming around on a shaftway demarcating a TUNNEL that see to stretch for at least 100 yards. The light revealing co all along it, but tall enough for a small man.
45) 0) text: Spec 4 Sanderson, the big handsome blond kid, is moving  through an abandoned bunker. With him is Sal, a tough str kid with an intense face, all whiskered. Sanderson notici now a metal box of 50-caliber ammo, U.S. marking, half-bu in the ground.
48) 2) text: He runs over to Sal, gets a hold of his face in a vicelik grip, enraged, tries to yell some sense into him.
54) 0) text: Barnes is still there in the wrecked bunker, squatting th staring as if his mind has disconnected for a moment. He  reaches up, touches his scars. The look on his face sugge he is deeply wronged by this tragedy, that he is taking i very personally.
58) 0) text: The Platoon moving downslope in the Jungle, their faces g quiet, deadly. King is on point.
60) 2) text: Their POV - a young VILLAGER fleeing down the slope. Barnes doesn't hesitate, nails him with a short volley of well-placed shots.
62) 6) text: Barnes throws the phosphorus in. A muted EXPLOSION. Then  sizzling acidic fumes. Frying sounds. A hideous scream fr somewhere deep in the hole. Hoyt, watching, is sickened. Barnes businesslike. The Villagers, in grief, howl and tear at their faces.
63) 0) text: The sun is sittin there hot and high in the sky. Chris, strangling in heat, a demented look on his face,  staggers into a hutch with Francis.
65) 0) text: Barnes stares down at a WEAPONS CACHE buried cleverly  underneath the rice urns. Ace, Fu Sheng, Sgt. Warren, Lt. Wolfe, others, are digging it out. It's in white plastic  wrappings - a load of AK-47's, rockets, grenades, claymor carbines, flares, NVA uniforms. A real find.
66) 3) text: The couple, hands raised, muttering things in Vietnamese, don't understand a word, shaking their heads stupidly and smiling that impassive Oriental smile which sends Chris i a rage only he can understand. His finger closes on the trigger of his 16. Francis, the baby-faced black, looks nervously, sensing t danger... Bunny amused, drawn in by Chris. O'Neill watche passively from the lip of the hutch. The Young Man continues to grin, not seeming to realize t degree of danger he's in, which is what Chris wants - a t sign of acquiescence. There is also the added element of  showing off his manhood in front of an audience now.
66) 7) text: The Young Man hops up and down in a reflex fear of the so of the bullets as they thud into the dirt. Yet his eyes r fixed on Chris in wonderment. Chris, firing out the magazine, seems to expend his blood He ceases, noticing - for the first time - the eyes of th Young Man. They aren't stupid - nor fearful - but filled  with resignation and despair - a despair that Chris, in  disgust of himself, recognizes. Chris lowers the rifle, silent. The Young Man's impassive face shines now with tears. Tha sad young look - as if death itself would've been a relea Chris turns his eyes away, an awkward sense of shame.
66) 27) text: As he clubs her to death. On Chris' face, blood and brain tissue flying up into it.
67) 8) text: Chris and O'Neill come up, watch. Others coming from diff places - sensing the narrowing drama. But half the platoo is still at work in the village. We hear shouts, grenade  explosions, occasionally gunfire.
67) 12) dialog: You're goddamn right he does!
67) 26) dialog: (sensing the impending  massacre) Hey Sarge can we get in on this.
67) 39) text: The stock of his rifle swings up fast and hard smacking B full in the face, breaking two teeth. Barnes staggers back, hurt, bleeding. Elias is on him lik leopard. Battering him with his fists. They struggle in the dust, two titans, their faces equall consumed with rage, clawing, spitting, punching, kicking, pounding each other's skulls in the dirt. A dust storm sw around them, the men closing around like excited apes at bloodfeast. Most of the men seem to be pulling for Barnes - Chris jus watching neutral.
67) 41) text: But they roll on, smashing each other's faces in. Both qu fast, agile, mean fighters. Sgts. O'Neill and Warren drag them apart.
67) 51) text: Who wants to be reminded? A silence of shame. The Men mov away, Warren, Ace, Tony, Rodriguez, Barnes looking back o a cold glare. The Village Chief is a broken-looking man, huddled over h wife's body. Elias stands there, frustrated. Chris glances at him, moves out.
73) 0) text: Wolfe, Ace, Tubbs, Warren, Rogriguez rope the DOZEN SUSPE VILLAGERS together to take them back for questioning. Elias watches the Villagers mourn their losses. In the  background, explosions, hooches popping with flames, the  yells of the violations of the Village winding down.
77) 0) text: Near the pig pen, a DOZEN SUSPECTS are being led away on  ropes by Tubbs, Warren, Rodriguez. The others left behind look back at their village in ruins, homes burning, lives dead or scattered, belongings thrown and broken in the di BABIES wail, the adults squat there on their heels watchi with absolutely no trace of outward emotion. Past this Bosch-like canvas, Chris - carrying the girl -  walks dazed by the horrors of this long afternoon.
80) 0) text: At the Company, Elias, Captain Harris, Barnes, Lt. Wolfe huddled. Close on Harris, looking from face to face, assu a judicial attitude.
82) 20) text: The other knuckle is out - 'LOVE' tattooed across it. Rha smiles his crazy smile. Chris stares fascinated at the tw knuckles side by side. A moment on his face.
84) 12) text: Elias' eyes seem to go to some inner place, his passion  surging.
84) 22) text: A lightning quick movement follows. Elias' hand passing o his face like a mime, a click of the fingers and he leans closer to Chris. A new expression on his face. Devil's ey mocking child, danger in his soul, excitement, sex - the  Elias that Chris saw in the smoking session in base camp. Chris smiles, sucked in, almost laughs and then the face gone again.
88) 12) text: The words carry over Chris staring out at the rain, feeli a leaden fatigued high. Passes the roach, down to a  millimeter, back to Rhah who points to his face.
91) 9) text: Chris tearing up. Past Flash - the hip black head with th colored beads. He's dead, torn and shredded, his face and eyes stuff with dirt. Next to him Doc is frantically  tourniqueting Tubbs, shot in the legs. He's screaming. Chris keeps moving to the front as if compelled.
94) 2) text: Lerner groans. A fresh burst of AK fire rakes the area.   Lerner jerks spasmodically with the impact of the rounds. Chris spots the sniper. In a hole in the ground. Twenty-f meters off. Snapping the magazine out of his AK to reload A live gook. Chris tears off a volley at him but the gook disappears i the hole. This is the moment, Chris realizes it, it's now never if Chris intends to get the gook. He's got to make move before the man has reloaded his weapon. He pulls his grenade, pops the pin. He lets the spoon fly off, activating the grenade-timer, as he humps to his fee and runs for the gook hole, concentrating, concentrating. That head is going to pop up any second with a freshly-lo weapon and tear his head off. Chris won't make it back to the hole. The throw has to be perfect. He won't get another chance. He heaves the frag, drops and rolls away. The throw is perfect, the golden ar of flight from the outfield nailing the baserunner. It tw cleanly in the hole. The explosion muffled but deadly. Chris scrambles to his feet, a look of almost total surpr on his face. He can't seem to believe he did it. Pointing his M-16 before him, he advances on the hole, looking ove the muzzle to see the badly-mangled NVA man twisted at th bottom. Chris hurries over to Lerner. He's in bad shape, hit in  several places, vaguely conscious.
95) 3) dialog: Sir, Bravo Three is inbound from the  Sierra Whiskey. Should be here in  two zero mikes if'n they don' hit  any shit.
95) 22) dialog: Sir! Shot out. Arty's on the way!
96) 0) text: Fu Sheng is laying out fire when he senses something, loo up. The artillery shell sounds too close. Getting bigger bigger on the horizon. Too big, too loud. A groan of fear his face, then knowledge. Then... a huge EXPLOSION engulf him.
98) 2) text: It explodes. This is about three times the intensity of t RPG. The jungle floor shakes, trees splinter. Barnes is  knocked to his knees, grimaces in pain. Hoyt, Barnes' rad operator, screams out as a fist-sized chunk of hot shrapn sticks in his back. He's screeching, frantically trying t shuck the radio from his back, his fatigue shirt smoking. Barnes jerks the radio off Hoyt's back, knocks the man to his knees and unsheathes his bayonet. Ripping off the bac of his shirt, Barnes sets to digging out the shrapnel.
100) 0) text: Big Harold is tearing blindly away from the front, helmet gone, rifle dragging in the mud when he stumbles, sprawli face down. He jumps up, looks back, sees now the wire ove which he tripped. It takes a second to register. He share look with Bunny who's already on the ground.
104) 0) text: Elias - a defiant look on his face - moves fast but cauti back across the Church landmarks. Chris following then Rh and Crawford. The RAIN has now settled into a mist huggin the ground.
114) 0) text: Barnes moving, stops, listens. Something is running towar him. But it's hidden by the bush. He brings his rifle up  smooth and quick, waits, then as the bush parts, Elias is standing there. Looking at Barnes. Barnes sees him, starts to lower his rifle, but then stop He raises it back an inch, sights it. Pause. A cold seari look of hatred coming over his face. In that moment, Elias understands. Quick as a deer, he ma his move, trying to plunge back into the bush. Barnes fires. Once, twice, three times - the blast rockin the jungle. Elias jerking backwards into the bush, mortally wounded. Bird cries. A crime against nature. Barnes calmly lowers his rifle, and walks away from it.
116) 0) text: TWO CHOPPERS are coming into a LZ in front of the Church. The two platoons, Second and Third, reinforcing, are bein evacuated as quickly as possible, one load (6-8 men, depe on the wounded) after other. The choppers are spraying du all over the place. A scene of chaos, radio talk layering it. Doc is out of supplies, making do with improvised  bandages, etc.
116) 2) text: Lerner goes by, horribly wounded on a makeshift litter, i the chopper, Doc attending, holding the IV. Chris catching a glimpse of him, waiting to get on the  chopper, turning to look as: Hoyt and Sgt. Warren, both wounded, are hurried aboard on litters. The chopper lifting off. Chris and others now running to the corpses of Flash,  Morehouse, and Fu Sheng lying under dirty ponchos, their  boots sticking out. The ponchos are blown away in a burst wind off the chopper blades, revealing their faces - dirt stuffing their eyes and mouths, waxen figures. Chris and the others lifting them and carrying them towar the next chopper now coming in. They throw the bodies on. Tubbs and Crawford, both wounde now move past Chris, into the chopper. Chris running back with King carrying a litter - their eyes falling on: Barnes talking with Wolfe and Ace, making signals under t roaring sounds of the chopper. Shaking his head. No. No E Chris and King looking at each other, mute. They numbly s loading Big Harold, minus his leg, onto the stretcher. The Third Chopper is down now, waiting, roaring blades  silhouetting off the face of the cathedral. A ROCKET BLAS suddenly goes off not too far from the chopper, incoming  fire. The DOOR GUNNER signaling for them to hurry, laying out fire.
116) 6) text: He sinks back, sick. Chris' eyes suddenly fix on somethin He can't believe it. He shoves King, points. King sees it Both stunned. Barnes is looking. So's Lt. Wolfe, so's Ace. So's the Doo Gunner. Elias is coming out of the jungle. Staggering, blood  disfiguring his face and chest, hanging on with all his  dimming strength, looking up at them - trying to reach th Chris shakes Wolfe, his words drowned out by the roar. The Chopper Captain looking down, dips. His co-pilot poin The NVA are coming out of the jungle, closing on the spot where Elias is. Incoming rounds are hitting the chopper. The Door Gunner  maniacally firing. Barnes looking down at the man, can't believe it. Elias is on his last legs now, obviously being hit by the incoming fire of the NVA. He falls to his knees, still  stretching upwards for life. The Chopper Captain shakes his head at Wolfe. The Chopper dips one more time firing at the NVA, low and fierce over the jungle. Chris looking back in horror. Elias crucified. The NVA coming out now by the dozens fro the treeline. Elias crumbling to the ground. Obviously dead or dying.
117) 24) text: Barnes stands there, silhouetted in the trap door, lookin down at the men who are stunned to see him here. He steps down into the hutch, his face now lit by candle  light. A bottle of whiskey in his hand, drunk, ugly, swea but as always, with dignity, possessive of his silence. H feels their fear in the silence, enjoys it.
117) 37) text: Chris slams into Barnes, rushing him off his feet. Poundi his face, solid blows.
117) 39) text: But Barnes is too quick and very strong and takes the blo getting outside Chris' arm, twisting and flipping him in wrestler's grip - throwing him hard onto his back on the  dirt floor. The expression of the Men watching slumps, their hopes da Barnes springs around on Chris, straddles him, one hand  pushing his face back, hits him hard. Once. Twice. Chris grimaces, groans, helpless now. A flick of sound. A knife whipped out of Barnes' boot and pressing against  Chris' throat. Chris bleeding from the nose and mouth. Rhah suddenly spinning into action, fast now, realizing w Barnes intends to do.
117) 43) text: Barnes' eyes tremble in the candle light, his scars ugly, spasm clenching and locking his facial muscles. Then sudd he is calm again, very calm. We sense a man of enormous s control. Suddenly he flicks his knife across Chris, leaving a mark below his left eye. Chris gasps. Looking up at Barnes rising off him. The boo alongside his face. The Men looking on, the tension lowering.
117) 46) text: Chris sits at the very edge of a Huey Chopper, bandana ar his forehead, long hair blowing in the wind, Barnes' mark below his eyes, slicked out now like a jungle veteran, lo down at the VILLAGE where the massacre occurred. The Village is still a smoking ruin, a few peasants and w buffalo straggling like ants to reconstruct. Bunny, next to Chris, pops his gum, indifferent. Barnes,  next to him, shifts, reads a map. Rodriguez is praying, his mouth moving without audible wo getting ready for the drop. King is making last minute adjustments in his pack. Bunny now nudges Chris, points. The Church in the Jungle  where Elias was killed is visible. An outline of the Ceme Uncomfortable memories play over Chris' face.
119) 0) text: All this is watched from a distance by Ace and Doc and Lt Wolfe at the Platoon CP. Ace and Doc are digging the foxh the ace of spades in Ace's helmet band, sharing the  information with Tony and Francis.
119) 1) dialog: ...they caught 'em last night pulling  some shit on Charlie Company. They  found maps on 'em, man - got a friend  at Battalion says they had every  fuckin' foxhole here fixed on it.  Distances, treelines, our claymores,  trip wires, everything? I shit you  not.
119) 18) dialog: (to Doc) 'Some people say I'm wishy washy.  Maybe I am. Maybe I ain't.'
123) 0) text: At the LZ, King runs out, gets on the last SUPPLY CHOPPER with some other men. It lifts off, swirling dust, the las rays of daylight. Chris watches from a Battalion CP area, waves back - the  chopper sound receding in the horizon, the comparative si of the jungle now creeping up on the perimeter. He turns starts back to his foxhole. A man is watching him. He's sitting on a sandbag, face in shadow. It startles Chris, something about him. Something different. A deep West Virginia drawl.
123) 3) text: Goes over reluctantly, flicks his lighter, cupping it fro the wind. The flame catches a sudden, uneasy expression i Chris' face as he sees the Smoking Man. We come around and see what Chris sees in the light of th flame. A face that smiles at him like a death's head, a l ugly blister on his mouth, whiskered, pale - but smiling. sick man wouldn't smile like this, but he is smiling too  intimately, as if he knows Chris from way back. But he  doesn't. Or does he? Perhaps it was the man Chris first s at the airstrip when he came in-country. The same express of evil, of a man who has seen too much and died, but sti lives. Chris feels an unnatural fear passing through him. The Man stands, sucking on his cigarette, stretches. He i thin and very tall, towering over Chris.
129) 25) text: The SOLDIER now runs in like a fullback going down for th tackle, sprawling into the hole, knocking Chris and Franc down beneath him. He is sweating, terrified, a white boy with an unrecogniz filthy face, no rifle, no helmet, his fatigues torn all o
132) 0) text: But the SECOND SAPPER runs right into the bunker in a kam charge, the light from inside momentarily revealing a bul satchel strapped on his person and the face of the astoun Major.
136) 9) text: And jumps right into the hole blasting Bunny point-blank the chest. Bunny struggling to consciousness at the bottom of the ho THUCK! A boot in the gaping hole where his chest was. Bun his eyes uncomprehending. A muzzle is jammed into his mou breaking his teeth with an ugly sound. Another yell from NVA trooper. A flash of orange red light. Bunny's face bl to bits. Junior, dizzy from the blow to his head, looks up. A yellow flare somewhere out there and a SHADOW above him digging a bayonet into his belly with a grunt. A long ooz sigh of belly gas. An explosion. The Shadow with the bayonet staggering blin without eyes, holding his brains with his hands. Barnes throws open the empty LAAW rocket casing he has ju fired off and charges forward with a yell, cutting down  another NVA in Bunny's old foxhole. Jumping into the hole the bottom of which is a liquid pit of guts, blood, ooze. Another Enemy running in on him. A short burst of fire. B hit. Firing into each other. Barnes draggin him down into the pit with him, grappling alongside the corpse of Bunny Barnes uses an entrenching tool to finish him off.
137) 0) text: At the Platoon CP, small arms fire is all over the place, the NVA closing the ring. Ace, in the foxhole, yells to W
137) 1) dialog: Negative contact. Can't raise Barnes,  Two Bravo, Two Charlie, nothin'!
137) 4) dialog: It's Doc!
137) 9) text: Wolfe is stunned, Barnes his last crutch against the chao Ace handing him the handset.
137) 10) dialog: Six!
139) 0) text: At the Platoon CP, Wolfe is astounded by the message. Ace looking at him straight in the eye.
139) 1) dialog: You're an asshole Lieutenant, you  know that.
139) 2) text: As he abandons his radio, grabs up his 16 and moves to an adjacent position. Doc, a quiet man up to now, is treatin wounded Parker who is now hit by bullets and thrashes wil and jerks to a stop. He is obviously dead but Doc goes on trying to finish the bandage. Suddenly he goes beserk, gr a 16, starts firing and yelling.
141) 0) text: At the Platoon CP, the NVA are sweeping fast, crouched, u cover, yelling. Small fires are raging all over the perim Ace putting out fire, is hit. The NVA are coming over his sandbags. A burst of fire. Ace goes down. Doc has cracked up, firing at anything, indifferent to hi safety. One of the NVA goes down. The Doc is hit in the s wounded, struggles, is hit again, but keeps trying to fir He's hit a third time - in the jugular vein. Nearby, Wolf is firing madly at the oncoming NVA. One goes down. A sec is wounded, yelling in pain. Wolfe reloading his 16, popp up, too late. One of them is coming over the sandbags. He sees Wolfe. Wolfe sees him. In the same moment. Wolfe hesitates, frozen up. The gook unloads his AK-47, a magazine worth, into Lieutenant Wolfe, who crashes down,  sprawled unnaturally on the jungle floor. A spasm shakes body. Then stops. Dead. Boots run by.
143) 0) text: BARNES swings his mashed M-16 full into the FACE of an en SOLDIER who screams and goes down, Barnes chopping at him with his club. His helmet is gone, his shirt ripped to sh his shoulder bleeding, making his last stand against the  hated Gooks. Nearby HUFFMEISTER is hit in the shoulder by a running FI and collapses into the bottom of the foxhole, crying out pain. The running FIGURE runs past right into the full force of BARNES' swinging rifle. SMACK! He crumples.
143) 1) text: Chris bellies into the area, see Barnes, recognizes him,  amazed. An ENEMY fires, taking Barnes high in the left thigh. A p of skin blowing off. Barnes rigidly goes down on his left knee like a wounded horse. Holds there, staring into the  Enemy, waiting for the coup de grace. A series of SHOUTS and the Enemy staggers dead as: Chris lays out a curtain of fire. A GRENADE goes off near him, blowing off his helmet. Dazed, Chris rushes forward  firing from the hip - sucked into Barnes' suicidal vacuum He cuts down an Enemy as: Barnes, given a new lease, limps angrily forward and tack a wounded Enemy trying to crawl away, terrified at the si of Barnes coming after him. Barnes lets out a vivid screa And beats the soldier mercilessly, half the stock of his 16 flying apart broken. Chris swivels alert on his knees. A pause. No more enemy. Turns to Barnes, his back to Chris still beating at the d corpse.
143) 3) text: Barnes swivels instinctively off the corpse and for a  petrifying moment Chris sees: A maddened scar of a face, lips specked with foam. The EY refracted in a red-green flare overhead - the pupils dist into angry red points. For Chris it is no doubt the most frightening single imag he has seen in his life. It will be in his nightmares for The essence of evil: wrath, obsession, anger, fear, hatre permanence - he is paralyzed. Barnes smashes him full across the face with the broken s of his M-16. Not even consciously, for at this point, his mind has gone over the edge and the entire world is his e American or Vietnamese, it makes no difference as he stri Chris harder and harder. Chris struggles, moans, his teeth and nose cracked. Barne emits another chilling yell an springs like a humpback up his good right leg, the left bent - set to deliver the ki blow, the mangled rifle pulled to its highest arc.
144) 0) text: FADE BACK IN. Vague sunlight. Blurry. Chris fluttering hi eyes. A sharp MOVEMENT in the bush. His eyes fight their open. SOFT EYES are watching him from behind foliage. A soft, f head, alert, rigidly still. Chris fights his way up to his elbow, in pain, looking at the eyes. The head turns and in one fluid move, bolts. Go Like the wind. A deer. A big brown deer. Or was it? Chris will never be quite sure. But whatever it was, it was sur a sign of grace - the grace of Elias. This he knows as he feels himself for the first time alive. And in pain. His left hand torn and bleeding, shrapnel in his side, cuts on his face, dried blood caking him. Looki around his garden of eden. A messy jungle floor. Cordite  fumes. Burned bush and trees. Torn sandbags. Dead NVA. Bi songs somewhere in the distance. It is the very crack of  dawn, a pink-red sun casting long oblique light patterns  through the trees. A holy light. Chris pushes himself to his feet, feels his weight and th pain. He walks. In the near distance, towards the LZ area there's the sound of Armored Personnel carriers grinding, men moving, calling out in Americanese. But Chris is alon here. He fishes up an AK-47 from a dead NVA. Checks it, a weapo Walks on.
145) 0) text: Past scores of NVA bodies. Past the Foxhole where Bunny l dead in the bottom, faceless. Looking over at Junior bayo to the ground, dead. NVA everywhere around the hole, some them still moving, badly wounded. Chris looking around, then noticing a movement a little  further out in the Jungle. Then he sees who. The uniform is shredded, the figure obviously hurt in sev places (thigh, back, neck, hand) but not mortally so, now struggling to right itself, dragging its face up from a b down position. Streaked with dirt and blood, we see Barne once again re-emerging from the dead. Chris steps over to him, a solemn look on his face. Barne looks up, begs.
145) 2) text: Chris doesn't move. Barnes looks at him again, reading th intention that has crossed Chris' mind. An expression of  surprise crosses his face, then amazement, almost shock.
145) 4) text: Chris shoots him. Once. Twice. Three times. Silence... Barnes is finally dead. Chris looking at the corpse, numbed, no exultation in his expression. Just cold satisfaction and little feeling lef Behind him, the SOUND of a big machine moving. He turns. A huge Nazi flag on an antenna looms up in the bush, foll by the great belly of a turreted dragon crunching down a  tree for its breakfast. A big tough GERMAN SHEPARD comes boudning at him sniffs,  followed by a flak-jacketed MONSTER MAN - filthy and grea unshaven face, earring in his left ear, 'DEATH CORPS' scr on his shirtless flak jacket and a drawing of a death's h he looks like a cross between a pirate and a hell's angel Behind him, a SECOND MONSTER MAN and the ARMORED PERSONNE CARRIER grinding its engine, a human skull hanging from i turret.
148) 0) text: Rhah, alive and well, is poking around the NVA corpses wi a long gnarled walking stick, looking like a crazy Johnny Appleseed with his pants rolled up on his thin hairy ankl and wearing a red bandana tied in a four-knot around his  head. As one of the APC SOLDIERS carves an ear off a dead NVA,  Rhah works his way through the torn bloody pocket of an N Troop in full rigor mortis, extracting what he thought wa there - a wrapped cellophane of heroin. Rhah's face glows with satisfaction as he tastes it, then snorts it. With a certain satisfaction of triumph over th grim circumstances.
149) 3) text: CAPTAIN HARRIS doesn't respond; at this point he doesn't  give a shit, standing apart from the radios looking numbl at the remnants of his boys filtering by on litters. Chris intersects him now, Harris' eyes looking blankly, t nodding sickly trying to give him encouragement. Just com to the edge of tears, choking it back, and turning back.  These are his sons who are lost. A good officer. Rodriguez, wounded, is lifted up in his litter and moved to the waiting MEDIVAC CHOPPER, a huge red cross painted a white square. Doc goes by on another litter, then Ace, Adams, Huffmeist etc. Then Francis is littered by, bandages around his leg, a b smile on his face.