12) 0) text: Elsewhere, Chris scrapes out a foxhole, his shirt off,  bandanna around his head, the work hot and heavy. TEX is out there setting the claymore as BIG HAROLD and J start breaking down their C's.
12) 2) dialog: (laughes loudly) Fuck you bitch.
12) 4) dialog: Tricky bitch, reason you gimme dat  turkey loaf is nobody else can eat  that shit 'cept me so don't start  your game playing with me Junior.
12) 7) dialog: De fool think he's gonna get it but  he ain't known for his thinking.
12) 11) dialog: (getting up) That reminds me, I gotta take a shit.
12) 13) dialog: Yeah if you let me have your shirt.
22) 19) text: Barnes and Big Harold come hustling up. Doc finishes tourniquetting Tex, cradles Chris onto the e his flashlight probing the wound. Tex in background conti to thrash and moan. Chris waits, tensely for the verdict, his eyes big with f on Doc, who takes out his morphine.
22) 30) text: Tex's eyes roll wildly, uncomprehending. Doc and Big Haro looking at Barnes, wondering. Tex is suddenly silent, sho Barnes stands, an icy glare, goes. Junior scrambles over Tex's side. Doc runs off. Big Harold cradles Chris, his big black hands like a moth reassuring him.
22) 31) dialog: You gonna be okay Taylor, okay, don't  you start worrying now.
22) 34) dialog: Bullshit man, you gettin outta the  field, man. Three hots a day, white  sheets, dem pretty white nurses give  you blowjobs too you pay em enough,  I heard tell bout dem white bitches.   Better save yo strength Taylor.
22) 36) dialog: Shaddup bitch.
32) 19) text: They go on ad-libbing with each other, teasing Doc, who's fairly straight, saying he wants to go to med school in t fall. 'Be what?''A gynecologist, man.''What dat?' Francis suggests, 'Dats a pussy doctor, man - he's gonna be Docto Feelgood, man!' They're all cracking up, finding every jo funny. As Chris finishes his hit on the pipe, looks up ac the smoke, already dazed, surprised to see ELIAS suddenly there - leaning out of his sling in a far corner of the h A Monkey is draped around his neck with silver bracelets, rings, a necklace - like a sensual little Egyptian whore, Elias playing with it, spaced out in a sleeveless vest, t pants. Dancing eyes on Chris, he swings out the hammock,  comes over with the monkey. Meanwhile Manny has broken into a high falsetto snatch of blues directed at Chris, joined by Big Harold and Francis all of them clicking their hands.
32) 20) dialog: Oooh Chris, you look like you is  high oh yeah, he looks like he is  high Ooooh Chris, you know you gonna  be that way all night oh yeah I think  that you are... Yeah! up now and up  to par oh yeah.
32) 37) dialog: Hey look at Charlotte!
32) 43) dialog: She braid her hair under her armpits,  Crutcher.
32) 56) dialog: I know dat feeling...
32) 72) dialog: What dat?
32) 80) dialog: Please, somebody hold my dick!
32) 91) dialog: Inga?
32) 100) dialog: Yeah, Dawn...
34) 2) text: The Hutch looks now like a Turkish bath with minimum  visibility, the smoke fumes dense. They are all up dancin on their feet - King, Tubbs, Big Harold, Hoyt, Lerner,  Crawford, Flash, Doc, Elias - a few light gestures with t hands above shoulder level, passing around the grass pipe while they shuffle, fingers clicking. The song - Smokey  Robinson's "Tracks of My Tears" - accompanies them from a vintage tapedeck.
34) 4) text: King and Big Harold wave Chris into the Circle and he sta swaying with them, feeling as if he's being accepted into new family. Rhah watches it all, puffing away on his magic dragon pip the shadows dancing on the walls. It looks like a Saturday night dance party. A yearning fo tenderness, for feminity, for a moment of peace in this  nightmare life. Their eyes closed, thinking of dance part that can't be here tonight. Singing their souls out.
62) 2) text: Fires a warning shot. Three VILLAGERS climbing out of the spider hole, arms raised, but not showing any emotion. Ba turning to his radioman Hoyt and Big Harold accompanying.
85) 0) text: The Platoon moves along a shallow STREAM bordering the ju A thick RAIN falls amid cracks of distant thunder. Chris, Rhah, Francis, Big Harold, others are at the rear of the  platoon, their ponchos pulled over them like big sad grey tents. There's a holdup ahead and the Men rest on rocks o stand. The rain makes a pointilistic pattern, the men col of grey, their rifles slung upside down to keep dry. Barnes is up ahead, out of the stream bank, on the radio.
88) 0) text: Back at the stream, Rhah, looking old and whiskered under his poncho hood, lights up a roach, puffs it. Another cra of thunder. Chris comes over, sits with him on his rock. Rhah passes him the joint. He smokes. Big Harold pulls a leech out of his open crotch area.
88) 4) dialog: (pissed) Shit, got to paint myself white get  one of dem jobs. Get ma request in  for a circumcision.
88) 7) dialog: Dat's okay wid me, better to have a  small one den no one at all.
97) 1) dialog: Short round! It's short, man! They  fuckin' got Fu Sheng! BARNES! OVER  HERE!
100) 0) text: Big Harold is tearing blindly away from the front, helmet gone, rifle dragging in the mud when he stumbles, sprawli face down. He jumps up, looks back, sees now the wire ove which he tripped. It takes a second to register. He share look with Bunny who's already on the ground.
116) 2) text: Lerner goes by, horribly wounded on a makeshift litter, i the chopper, Doc attending, holding the IV. Chris catching a glimpse of him, waiting to get on the  chopper, turning to look as: Hoyt and Sgt. Warren, both wounded, are hurried aboard on litters. The chopper lifting off. Chris and others now running to the corpses of Flash,  Morehouse, and Fu Sheng lying under dirty ponchos, their  boots sticking out. The ponchos are blown away in a burst wind off the chopper blades, revealing their faces - dirt stuffing their eyes and mouths, waxen figures. Chris and the others lifting them and carrying them towar the next chopper now coming in. They throw the bodies on. Tubbs and Crawford, both wounde now move past Chris, into the chopper. Chris running back with King carrying a litter - their eyes falling on: Barnes talking with Wolfe and Ace, making signals under t roaring sounds of the chopper. Shaking his head. No. No E Chris and King looking at each other, mute. They numbly s loading Big Harold, minus his leg, onto the stretcher. The Third Chopper is down now, waiting, roaring blades  silhouetting off the face of the cathedral. A ROCKET BLAS suddenly goes off not too far from the chopper, incoming  fire. The DOOR GUNNER signaling for them to hurry, laying out fire.
116) 5) dialog: Yeah, I'se lucky dis time, what's a  leg to get the fuck outta here ... (at the NVA) Eat ma shit, you motherfuckers!
151) 5) text: The music surges now to its full strength as we replay bi of film with each actor's name listed - some with silly,  clowning looks, others sober, haunted. Gardner, Tex, King Rhah, Lerner, Sanderson, Manny, Big Harold - all the boys and then Barnes staring quietly into the camera, and last Elias - shirt off, bowl of grass in hand, his big, beauti smile.