4) 12) text: Chris nodding, grateful, panting. The men passing, watching. Chris sorry about this, trying keep up face. BUNNY, a young 18 year-old with an angel's face, is pissi in the dead gook's face. KING passes, glances at him.
4) 14) text: Bunny laughing about it. Chris standing there one moment, fighting for his breath, suddenly passes out, going over with his 70 pound rucksac hitting the ground with a loud bang.
25) 0) text: FRANCES, MANNY, BUNNY and KING are huddled over another  mangled enemy corpse.
25) 1) dialog: (stripping the corpse) That's no NVA man. That's a chink -  look at 'em, the cocksucker's six  and a half feet tall. Look at his  gear - good as ours.
27) 6) dialog: (pissed, cuts in,  shoves him hard) Shut your face chicken shit! You in  big trouble boy!
33) 0) text: In comparison to the darkness of the hooch, a highly lit  atmosphere, attracting bugs... dusty gear lying around a  disordered hooch, loud and finger-snapping COUNTRY WESTER MUSIC playing from a tape deck, a well-known tune, circa  1967. BUNNY, the 18 year-old angel face, totters drunk with a C 45 beer in hand, over to JUNIOR, the badass black kid wit the zits, who just lies there on his cot sweating, doing  nothing.
33) 1) dialog: (listening to the  music) Listen to that shit, that's good  shit!
33) 3) dialog: (doesn't understand a  word of it) Whaddaya talking shit for man. Hey  Junior! Y'ever smoke any shit?
33) 5) dialog: (lonely in his way  for company) Say I can dig it. Smoke that shit  everything kinda gets weird y'know? (hiccups, sits) Y'hear that story the gooks is putting  chemicals in the grass so's we become  'pacifists' so's we don fight (to no one in  particular) Where the hell's everybody, they'se  gettin high that's what - bunch of  hopheads, they think they special...
33) 7) dialog: Yeah but I still like a piece of  pussy once in a while - ain't nothing  like a piece of pussy cept maybe the  Indie 500.
33) 9) dialog: Y'ever look at yoself in the mirror  Junior, youse uglier than a dick on  a dog man. (laughing)
33) 11) dialog: Shit, I bet I been laid more'n you  have.
33) 13) dialog: Yeah?
39) 0) text: Sgt. Warren cautiously explores another bunker, probing a little tunnel in the bottom of it with a stick. Bunny, ha a small frame, goes down into it, fearless.
59) 2) text: A pig loiters along the trail, rooting. Bunny coming up on it with a smile.
59) 3) dialog: Hey pig, pig - come here, pig, pig.
59) 4) text: The pig grunts. Bunny leveling his shotgun, fires point b A horrible squeal. Chris, directly behind him, looks disgusted.
64) 4) text: Francis doesn't recognize him in his rage. Bunny now comi in, followed by O'Neill, drawn by the shouting.
66) 1) dialog: Hey look at this! Ma and Pa Kettle  here. Look at them - greasy gook  motherfuckers!
66) 3) text: The couple, hands raised, muttering things in Vietnamese, don't understand a word, shaking their heads stupidly and smiling that impassive Oriental smile which sends Chris i a rage only he can understand. His finger closes on the trigger of his 16. Francis, the baby-faced black, looks nervously, sensing t danger... Bunny amused, drawn in by Chris. O'Neill watche passively from the lip of the hutch. The Young Man continues to grin, not seeming to realize t degree of danger he's in, which is what Chris wants - a t sign of acquiescence. There is also the added element of  showing off his manhood in front of an audience now.
66) 4) dialog: Do 'em man, do 'em.
66) 9) text: But Bunny takes up the slack, moves forward on the young  man.
66) 10) dialog: (to Chris) You chickenshit man, they're laughing  at you, look at them faces. That's  the way a gook laughs.
66) 11) text: The Young Man nodding affable to Bunny and mumbling  ingratiating words in Vietnamese.
66) 12) dialog: Yeah sure you are, you're real sorry  ain't you. You're just crying out  your hearts about Sandy and Sal and  Manny - they're laughing at us! Their  family is out there in the fucking  bush blowing us away and they're  laughing at us!
66) 14) text: Chris standing there, watching, sensing something awful i going to come and unable to do anything about it. It come suddenly and without warning. Bunny is looking at O'Neill the Vietnamese couple are muttering something. In one flu move, Bunny swivels and with unbelievable savagery clubs young one-legged man in the side of the head with the but of his 16.
66) 16) dialog: Fucker!
66) 18) dialog: That's for Sandy! And this is for  Sal! And this is for fucking Manny!   This is for me!
66) 20) dialog: (stepping back,  examines what's left  of the head, amazed) Wow! You see his fucking head come  apart? Look at that... I never seen  brains like dat before.  Jesus fucking  Christ...
66) 21) text: The Old Lady is shrieking, hovering over the body of her  son. Bunny studying her.
66) 22) dialog: Betcha the old bitch runs the whole  show. Probably helped cut Manny's  throat. Probably cut my balls off if  she could. (to Chris) Come on, man, let's do her.
66) 24) dialog: (hitting her again) Let's zap all these motherfuckers!   Let's do the whole village!
66) 25) text: He backs out of the hutch, scared. Evidently Bunny is  temporarily insane. But he spots O'Neill, yells at him.
66) 26) dialog: GET BACK HERE YOU FUCKING COWARD  O'NEILL. THIS IS FOR SANDY... THIS  IS FOR SANDY MAN! AND SAL! AND MANNY!
68) 0) text: A zippo cigarette lighter with the engraved initials: 'Fr Mai lin to my Bunny Boy'. It sparks a thick flare as Bunn lights the dry straw on the roof of the Hutch where he ki the Old Woman and Young Boy. Their legs sticking out at the threshold. The hooch burni fast, aided by the strong sun. Bunny watches with awe.
76) 0) text: In a ditch running alongside the Village, partially conce by foliage and anthills, Tony, Morehouse, and the ubiquit Bunny have a 12-YEAR-OLD VIETNAMESE GIRL pinned to the gr gagged and squirming, naked. They are fucking her to deat Junior looks on, both curious and disgusted, but doesn't  take part.
76) 7) text: He seems disconnected, dazed by the sun, like he's talkin to dogs - loud, repetitive words coming out of an anger h can barely control, trying to restore some sanity to a wo gone totally nuts today. Don't they understand? Don't the have any sense of a mind? Any kind of decency? The Men looking at him as if he's the one who's gone nuts not them. Bunny looking at Morehouse looking at Tony look at Junior. The irony is lost on them, as Chris pushes thr to help the poor girl put her scanty clothes back on.
76) 9) text: Elias appears behind Bunny and the others, sees what's  happened. He signals them to move out.
81) 7) dialog: Thataway Sarge, fuckin' Elias man,  fuckin' squeal that's what he is,  gonna get everybody in the platoon  in shit. Somebody oughta fix his  ass...
81) 10) text: Barnes says nothing, a cryptic look. O'Neill worried, Bunny, taking his cue from Barnes, slaps him on the back.
81) 11) dialog: Ya worry too much O'Neill...
100) 0) text: Big Harold is tearing blindly away from the front, helmet gone, rifle dragging in the mud when he stumbles, sprawli face down. He jumps up, looks back, sees now the wire ove which he tripped. It takes a second to register. He share look with Bunny who's already on the ground.
100) 1) dialog: Satchel charge! GET DOWN!
117) 46) text: Chris sits at the very edge of a Huey Chopper, bandana ar his forehead, long hair blowing in the wind, Barnes' mark below his eyes, slicked out now like a jungle veteran, lo down at the VILLAGE where the massacre occurred. The Village is still a smoking ruin, a few peasants and w buffalo straggling like ants to reconstruct. Bunny, next to Chris, pops his gum, indifferent. Barnes,  next to him, shifts, reads a map. Rodriguez is praying, his mouth moving without audible wo getting ready for the drop. King is making last minute adjustments in his pack. Bunny now nudges Chris, points. The Church in the Jungle  where Elias was killed is visible. An outline of the Ceme Uncomfortable memories play over Chris' face.
122) 0) text: On another foxhole, Barnes in full pack checks the soles Junior's bare feet. Bunny and O'Neill looking on. Junior moaning as if he's dying, overdoing it by a mile.
122) 12) dialog: Fucking pussy, fuck it Sarge, I gotta  have him on my hole?
124) 1) dialog: ...y'know some of the things we done,  I don't feel like we done something  wrong but sometimes y'know I get  this bad feeling. Not all that shit  the Chaplain's jamming up our ass  'bout the Good Lord... just a fucking  bad feeling, y'know what I mean?  Don't know why. I told the Chaplain  the truth is I really like it here.  You do what you want, nobody fucks  with you. Only worry you got's dying  and if dat happens you won't know  about it anyway. So what the fuck... (chuckles)
124) 4) text: Bunny finds it funny, laughs.
124) 5) dialog: Don't you worry bout a thing Junior,  you with Audie Murphy here, my man...
136) 0) text: In his position, Bunny is experiencing the same 'high' as Chris, yells out at them.
136) 1) dialog: Come on MOTHERFUCKERS, COME ON!!!
136) 3) dialog: (laying out more fire) Come on you can do better than that!
136) 6) dialog: (yelling after him) Get back here you gutless shit...
136) 7) text: A SHAPE suddenly out of nowhere, looms up fast behind Bun running at him. Junior, insane now with fear, runs smack into a tree, kno senseless and reeling to the ground. Bunny turning back too late. The crazy drug-high Shape is yelling something like:
136) 9) text: And jumps right into the hole blasting Bunny point-blank the chest. Bunny struggling to consciousness at the bottom of the ho THUCK! A boot in the gaping hole where his chest was. Bun his eyes uncomprehending. A muzzle is jammed into his mou breaking his teeth with an ugly sound. Another yell from NVA trooper. A flash of orange red light. Bunny's face bl to bits. Junior, dizzy from the blow to his head, looks up. A yellow flare somewhere out there and a SHADOW above him digging a bayonet into his belly with a grunt. A long ooz sigh of belly gas. An explosion. The Shadow with the bayonet staggering blin without eyes, holding his brains with his hands. Barnes throws open the empty LAAW rocket casing he has ju fired off and charges forward with a yell, cutting down  another NVA in Bunny's old foxhole. Jumping into the hole the bottom of which is a liquid pit of guts, blood, ooze. Another Enemy running in on him. A short burst of fire. B hit. Firing into each other. Barnes draggin him down into the pit with him, grappling alongside the corpse of Bunny Barnes uses an entrenching tool to finish him off.
145) 0) text: Past scores of NVA bodies. Past the Foxhole where Bunny l dead in the bottom, faceless. Looking over at Junior bayo to the ground, dead. NVA everywhere around the hole, some them still moving, badly wounded. Chris looking around, then noticing a movement a little  further out in the Jungle. Then he sees who. The uniform is shredded, the figure obviously hurt in sev places (thigh, back, neck, hand) but not mortally so, now struggling to right itself, dragging its face up from a b down position. Streaked with dirt and blood, we see Barne once again re-emerging from the dead. Chris steps over to him, a solemn look on his face. Barne looks up, begs.