3) 0) text: At the COMPANY PC, CAPTAIN HARRIS on the radio.
11) 0) text: At the COMPANY COMMAND POST a beehive of activity with it four radios, personnel, some Vietnamese scouts milling ar CAPTAIN HARRIS is running down a field map with his THREE LIEUTENANTS. Harris, a broad-shouldered fine-looking mili specimen with the requisite Southern accent and football  coach mannerism, is directing his remark to 2nd Platoon's LT. WOLFE, who looks a little nervous.
11) 1) dialog: Sky Six reports a fresh company of  NVA moving across from Cambodia to  this blue line. (points to position) We got a good chance to light 'em up  tonight. All platoons will set squad- size ambushes before full dark. Lt.  Wolfe (glances at him) You 'bush in this area near that ol'  Buddhist temple we passed on the  hump in. Lt. Hawkins, you take this  area in the rubber plantation...
80) 0) text: At the Company, Elias, Captain Harris, Barnes, Lt. Wolfe huddled. Close on Harris, looking from face to face, assu a judicial attitude.
80) 1) dialog: ...and you Lieutenant?
80) 7) dialog: All right, Elias. Sergeant Barnes, I  want a report from you...
125) 0) text: At the Company CP, Captain Harris is talking urgently int the radio.
127) 0) text: At the Company CP, Captain Harris is back on the radio.
137) 11) dialog: Yeah! Send traffic or clear this  goddamn net!
138) 0) text: At the Company CP, things are just as bad. A Radioman is  sprawled over a smashed radio. Captain Harris is in a bun working the radios himself, as his Radiomen fire at yelli running FIGURES scurrying all over the inner perimeter.
149) 3) text: CAPTAIN HARRIS doesn't respond; at this point he doesn't  give a shit, standing apart from the radios looking numbl at the remnants of his boys filtering by on litters. Chris intersects him now, Harris' eyes looking blankly, t nodding sickly trying to give him encouragement. Just com to the edge of tears, choking it back, and turning back.  These are his sons who are lost. A good officer. Rodriguez, wounded, is lifted up in his litter and moved to the waiting MEDIVAC CHOPPER, a huge red cross painted a white square. Doc goes by on another litter, then Ace, Adams, Huffmeist etc. Then Francis is littered by, bandages around his leg, a b smile on his face.
150) 0) text: Sgt. O'Neill watches the loading process forlornly from t distance. Captain Harris intersects him.