1) 6) text: As they move out, Chris' eyes moving with the body bags b loaded onto the plane. Moving over now to a motley HALF D VETERANS bypassing them on their way to the plane. They l happy. Very happy, chatting it up. They pass the newboys - and they shake their heads, their eyes full of an almost mocking pity.
1) 8) text: Chris looking at them. They pass, except for the last man who walks slower than the rest, a slight limp. His eyes f on Chris. They're frightening eyes, starved, hollow, sunken deep in his face, black and dangerous. The clammy pallor of malar clings to him as he looks at Chris through decayed black  teeth. Then the sun flares out on him and he's past. And  Chris looks back. Disturbed. It's as if the man was not r For a moment there. As if he were a ghost. Chris walking, duffel bag on the shoulder, looks up at th lollipop sun burning a hole through the sky. A rushing SO now. Of frightening intensity, an effect combining the bl of an airplane with the roar of a lion as we hardcut to:
2) 0) text: The sun matches the intensity of the previous shot as we  move down into thick green jungle. We hear the sound of M coming, a lot of men. The thwack of a machete. Brush bein bulled. We wait. They are getting close. The CREDITS continue to run. SUBTITLE reads: December 1967 - Bravo Company, 25th Infan Division - Somewhere near the Cambodian Border. A sweating white face comes into view. CHRIS - cutting po Machete in one hand, whacking out a path for the platoon, 16 in the other, he looks like he's on the verge of heat  exhaustion. Breathing too hard, pacing himself all wrong, bumping into things, tripping, not quite falling, he look pathetic here in the naturalness of the jungle. An urban  transplant, slightly neurotic and getting more so. His rucksack is coming apart as well, about 70 badly pack pounds banging noisily. Behind him BARNES now comes, the Platoon Sergeant. Then t RTO, his radio man, humming lightly. Others are behind, t column snaking back deep into the brush. We cut around some FACES of the Platoon - all to be seen  later. Young faces, hard and dirty after weeks in the fie exhausted yet alert, fatigues filthy, slept-in, torn,  personalized, hair way past regulation length, medals,  bandannas. A jungle army. Boys. Chris glancing down at his raw bleeding blisters. Transfe the machete to his other, slightly less blistered, hand. kid cuts on - struggling but trying, on his last reserves strength, smashing almost straight forward through brush, not even bothering to look ahead. He smells something, lo around, slows his pace, eyes working... around to the bas of a tree. He moves past it. And as he does so, the camera from his POV comes around o dead decomposing 10-day-old GOOK - eyes starting from its sockets, worms and flies feasting. Chris draws his breath in, terrified. Barnes suddenly app alongside, his hard humourless eyes looking annoyed from gook to Chris.
2) 2) text: Chris looks at him with pent-up hatred and crashes on.
4) 4) text: As Barnes picks up his pace, irritated now at this reprim from the CO - coming up on Chris, who is soaked now from  head to foot in sweat, dizzy, feeling sick, about to vomi
4) 6) text: He grabs Chris's machete out of his hand and bulls his wa into the foliage, tearing it apart, setting a new pace. Chris being bypassed by the column, their eyes on him. He swatting at the red ants that are all over his neck. GARDNER, another new recruit, fat, hustling up to replace him. A big and black medic - DOC - comes over, gentle eyes and manner; with him is Sergeant ELIAS, concerned.
4) 8) dialog: Ants. I got ants on my neck... (shaking them out)
4) 10) text: Sergeant Elias, a handsome, graceful dark-haired Indian k of 23, the squad sergeant, is taking items out of Chris'  pack - air mattress, extra unnecessary clothing, extra  canteens, grenades, gas mask, books.
4) 12) text: Chris nodding, grateful, panting. The men passing, watching. Chris sorry about this, trying keep up face. BUNNY, a young 18 year-old with an angel's face, is pissi in the dead gook's face. KING passes, glances at him.
4) 14) text: Bunny laughing about it. Chris standing there one moment, fighting for his breath, suddenly passes out, going over with his 70 pound rucksac hitting the ground with a loud bang.
4) 16) text: On Chris - his eyes opening. He seems all right.
4) 17) dialog: (trying to get up) I'm okay... I'm okay.
4) 18) text: Chris crumples backwards. Elias helps him.
12) 0) text: Elsewhere, Chris scrapes out a foxhole, his shirt off,  bandanna around his head, the work hot and heavy. TEX is out there setting the claymore as BIG HAROLD and J start breaking down their C's.
12) 9) text: Chris looks up, continues working, as Junior chuckles.
12) 14) dialog: (VOICE OVER, as he  digs) Somebody once wrote Hell is the  impossibility of Reason. That's what  this place feels like. I hate it  already and it's only been a week.   Some goddamn week, grandma... (checking his raw  blisters) ...the hardest thing I think I've  ever done is to go on point, 3 times  this week - I don't even know what  I'm doing. A gook could be standing  3 feet in front of me and I wouldn't  know it, I'm so tired. We get up at  5 a.m., hump all day, camp around 4  or 5 p.m., dig foxhole, eat, then  put out an all-night ambush or a 3- man listening post in the jungle.   It's scary cause nobody tells me how  to do anything cause I'm new and  nobody cares about the new guys,  they don't even want to know your  name. The unwritten rule is a new  guy's life isn't worth as much cause  he hasn't put his time in yet - and  they say if you're gonna get killed  in the Nam it's better to get it in  the first few weeks, the logic being:  you don't suffer that much. I can  believe that... If you're lucky you  get to stay in the perimeter at night  and then you pull a 3-hour guard  shift, so maybe you sleep 3-4 hours  a night, but you don't really sleep...  I don't think I can keep this up for  a year, grandma - I think I've made  a big mistake coming here...
14) 5) text: Chris is scared, nervous with his last-minute equipment  adjustments, his pack obviously overweight for a night mi as he hauls it up. Gardner, the other new boy, is jovial in contrast, his wa extended towards Chris.
14) 7) dialog: (not to be bothered) No...
14) 10) dialog: (nodding) Yeah she's real pretty, you're  lucky...
14) 11) text: Gardner puts it away. Elias appears alongside them, check their packs out, takes out Chris's poncho liner and other items. He carries a modified M-16 with a short barrel and collapsible stock.
14) 15) text: Chris feels the words like lashes on him.
14) 17) text: His eyes. Chris watching them. A smile in them. Elias mov off, a quality to the man that Chris admires. A natural s of leadership.
15) 0) text: A piece of an old Buddhist temple, under a sulky moonligh now in a state of decay, the jungle surging to engulf it. The Men are setting up quickly and relatively quietly in ruins - alongside a minuscule trail. The rain is coming d harder than ever. Chris and Tex setting out their claymore mines, raveling  back their detonating cords to their position, drenched. the far distance, an ILLUMINATION ROUND brightens the sky for a brief moment. Various ad lib curses and directions lost in the sound of the rain.
17) 0) text: Later. Close on Chris being shaken awake.
17) 2) dialog: (groggy) Uh hunh.
17) 5) dialog: (offended) Sure.
17) 8) dialog: (grits his teeth) Yeah. (looking at his watch) Hey Tex - you're ten minutes fast.
17) 10) text: Suddenly a series of resonant SNORES crack through the ju Chris starts, then sees it's from JUNIOR lying out there, spreadeagled in the rain. Chris prods him.
17) 11) dialog: Junior!
17) 13) dialog: Shaddup! You're snoring... Shhh.
18) 0) text: Later. A pool of muddy water has formed, in which a pair buttocks sit. Move up to Chris still on duty, looking at watch, drawn, drenched, pathetic, rainwater coursing down his face.
18) 1) dialog: (continuing his letter) ...'Course Mom and Dad didn't want  me to come, they wanted me to be  just like them - respectable, hard- working, making $200 a week, a little  house, a family. They drove me crazy  with their goddamn world, grandma,  you know Mom, I don't want to be a  white boy on Wall Street, I don't  want my whole life to be predetermined  by them.
18) 3) dialog: ...I guess I have always been  sheltered and special, I just want  to be anonymous. Like everybody else.  Do my share for my country. Live up  to what Grandpa did in the First War  and Dad the Second. I know this is  going to be the war of my generation.   Well here I am - anonymous all right,  with guys nobody really cares about -  they come from the end of the line,  most of 'em, small towns you never  heard of - Pulaski, Tennessee,  Brandon, Mississippi, Pork Bend,  Utah, Wampum, Pennsylvania. Two years'  high school's about it, maybe if  they're lucky a job waiting for 'em  back in a factory, but most of 'em  got nothing, they're poor, they're  the unwanted of our society, yet  they're fighting for our society and  our freedom and what we call America,  they're the bottom of the barrel -  and they know it, maybe that's why  they call themselves 'grunts' cause  a 'grunt' can take it, can take  anything. They're the backbone of  this country, grandma, the best I've  ever seen, the heart and soul - I've  found it finally, way down here in  the mud - maybe from down here I can  start up again and be something I  can be proud of, without having to  fake it, maybe... I can see something  I don't yet see, learn something I  don't yet know... I miss you, I miss  you very much, tell Mom I miss her  too - Chris.
18) 5) dialog: Wake up!
18) 7) dialog: It's your shift, man...
18) 8) text: Junior scowls, swears, looks around for his rifle in the  mud. Chris crawls back to his position, curling himself up in soaked poncho, teeth chattering from the cold, rain  splattering over him. A long beat. He sighs, the sigh kic off the next image.
19) 0) text: Chris jerks awake - very suddenly, very frightened. THE R HAS STOPPED. The jungle sounds are loud. Cicadas, night  animals, water dripping hypnotically from leaf to leaf. A the whirr of a million mosquitoes out after the rains, ch at Chris' face. He looks around, startled. Tex is asleep. Junior is asleep. What happened? He looks his watch. The mosquitoes are eating him alive. He buries his head in his green towel which he wears around his nec but he can't see. A beat. He moves again, miserable from bites. Another beat. Then suddenly the sounds of the jung shift - some of the animals dropping out. A different ton A piece of wood is stepped on, a rustle of bush... Chris sees something, lifts an edge of the towel to peek  out. A shadow of a figure is frozen there in front of him abou 15 yards. It looks like a man. But it doesn't move. At al It listens. Chris, his heart in his mouth, tries to peer through it.  It's a bush. It has to be. No human being could stand tha still. His heartbeats are up. The moments take forever. B deep down - somewhere in his psyche - he knows who it is. The figure now shifts, ever so slightly - and moves. It I human being. Oh my God! Chris looks around. Tex seems like a mile away. Why doesn anyone fire! He casts a desperate look at his rifle, at h grenades encrusted with mud, but in spite of all his trai he is frozen with indecision and fear at the sight of his enemy. The figure seems to whisper something back, then turns an comes down the trail. Now a second and third figure appea behind him - all in helmets and packs. All coming right p Chris' position. Ten yards. Nine. Chris is rigid with terror. Stark eyes. Pleading with Tex wake up, but out of reach. He is about to have an anxiety attack, his heartbeats so far up he is sure they will hea him. The first figure is now directly in front of Chris on the trail, looking left and right. A rattle of his equipment, creak of leather. A smell. The man's face now catches the moonlight and his eyes come around on Chris. Oriental eyes. Looking right at him. Startled. Chris star back, hypnotized. It all happens very fast. The figure mu something in Vietnamese. A warning. He swivels. A flash of muzzle fire. A raking cough of automatic fire. grenade explosion. Chris is hurled to the ground, helmet bouncing off, scatt confused, jarred. All hell breaks loose around him with N and SHOUTS. Tex, kissing the ground, is yelling at him.
19) 2) text: Chris, not knowing what he's doing, is fumbling with the  claymore handles, presses them. INSERT: They won't give. tries again and again to the squeeze the life out of them Tex is screaming at him.
19) 4) text: Lunges over and grabs the handle from Chris. Clicks the  safeties off and blows them. Three EXPLOSIONS rip out into the night - and one of the  ENEMY is caught in a brief instant looking like an X-ray, his body lifted and swirling in the air, then enveloped i swirls of smoke. Chris, trying to keep up, grabs his M-16, lays out a stre of fire. The sound all around him is deafening.
22) 0) text: An explosion. Chris hits the deck. Tex is now on the M-60 machine gun, yelling at Junior who cringing on the ground.
22) 6) text: Chris, looking out to his front, has no clue what's going on. Except the fire is slacking. Relayed shouts of 'Medic Medic!' Other SHOUTS.
22) 16) text: Chris watching, suddenly feels himself dizzy, instinctive runs his hands over the back of his neck. Feels the warm  blood there. A moan comes from his lips. Junior looks at  him.
22) 18) dialog: (weakly) I'm hit...
22) 19) text: Barnes and Big Harold come hustling up. Doc finishes tourniquetting Tex, cradles Chris onto the e his flashlight probing the wound. Tex in background conti to thrash and moan. Chris waits, tensely for the verdict, his eyes big with f on Doc, who takes out his morphine.
22) 21) text: Chris hearing this. Barnes looks at him.
22) 23) dialog: (suspicious) Doc... tell me the truth, don't lie  to me.
22) 26) dialog: (muttering weakly) I was not... it was your...
22) 30) text: Tex's eyes roll wildly, uncomprehending. Doc and Big Haro looking at Barnes, wondering. Tex is suddenly silent, sho Barnes stands, an icy glare, goes. Junior scrambles over Tex's side. Doc runs off. Big Harold cradles Chris, his big black hands like a moth reassuring him.
22) 32) text: Chris looking up at him, eyes blinking slowly, dazed alre by the morphine. He's very scared.
22) 33) dialog: Do you... do you know you're gonna  die... Big Harold?... do you feel  like... like... everything's gonna  be fine and then...
22) 37) text: Chris is gettin woozier, feeling he is dying but starting grin, not caring about it anymore. Yet he is nowhere clos to dying.
22) 38) dialog: It's not... so bad... dying. How  long... it...
26) 5) text: Elias and Barnes go with King. Past Chris and Tex who are ambulatory and bandaged, being helped along. As Barnes pa the men look at him, everybody quickly senses something i wrong.
27) 0) text: At one of the positions Doc is working feverishly to knoc the life back into Gardner who lies there, his shirt stri off on his cottage cheese belly. A huge sucking chest wou He's dying. You know it because he knows it. The eyes do talking, numb, terrorized yet strangely detached, accepti not protesting or concerned any longer. Most of the ambush has assembled and is watching, Chris m in to see. Doc is mumbling to him, low key.
27) 4) text: He thumps Chris lightly but menacingly in his chestbone a moves on.
27) 5) dialog: (drowsy) I didn't fall asleep, Sergeant,  Junior...
28) 0) text: Chris is driven up in a jeep to his Company PC - marked ' PC' on a C-ration box. It's midday on a hot lazy afternoo few people out in the 102 degree sun. Chris' Company is on the outskirts of the base camp, thei barracks regulation wood, canvas, and fine mesh screening red dust everywhere, bunkers down on the perimeter, reams barbed wire and concertina, a sand-bagged MESS HALL and  CHAPEL, 81 mm mortar pits, observation towers, recoilless rifles, 50-caliber machine guns. Chris gets out of the jeep, stiff-necked, a bandage aroun it, still in some pain.  The first man he intersects is K carrying crates of beer.
28) 2) text: In King's mild tone Chris tries to read his standing in t platoon.
28) 3) dialog: Okay - got light duty, three days.
28) 5) dialog: What you got there - beers?
28) 7) text: Too late. Sgt. O'NEILL, the redhead lifer accompanied by  Spec 4 SANDERSON, a big handsome blond kid, not too brigh in the face, both slightly drunk, come around a corner, b cans in hand. O'Neill sees Chris immediately.
28) 9) dialog: (pause) Uh, looks like it?
28) 15) dialog: I got light duty, Sarge. Doctor said  to take it easy couple days.
29) 0) text: A wooden cabin with some half-dozen seats built over half barrels cut from empty oil drums. A guy is in there, pull up his pants. Chris, King and Crawford, a California blond with a hands honeyed look, are sweating heavily as they roll the barre out from under the outhouse, the smell of human waste str A hot midday emptiness, nobody around except the flies.
29) 6) dialog: ...32. 332 days.
29) 9) dialog: I volunteered.
29) 11) dialog: Yeah, I dropped out of college and  told 'em I wanted infantry, combat,  and Nam...
29) 12) text: He grins, finding their reactions funny. It's also the fi time we've seen Chris crack a smile.
29) 16) dialog: Didn't make much sense. Wasn't  learning anything... (hesitates) And why should just the poor kids go  to the war - and the college kids  get away with it.
29) 22) text: Noticing Chris is having trouble with his neck, picking a his bandage.
29) 24) dialog: Nah...
29) 26) text: Chris looking at the joint, a little apprehensive. He's n smoked.
29) 27) dialog: No, thanks...
29) 30) text: The joint proferred. Chris waits a beat, shrugs, takes it smokes.
29) 32) text: Chris blows it out.
29) 33) dialog: Don't feel it.
30) 0) text: King, Crawford and Chris pour kerosene over the cans at a secure distance from the outhouse. King lights it. The cans pop and start crackling. A line burning barrels. Rings of dirty black smoke rise against soft blue sky. They watch, stoned. Chris turns to both of them.
30) 1) dialog: ...you know that night we got hit...  I... (ashamed)
30) 4) text: Chris surprised at their attitude. The joint suddenly hit him, a look in his face, eyes looking around different.   Over at King.
30) 5) dialog: (deadpans) I think I'm starting to feel that  stuff...
30) 8) dialog: What are the heads?
30) 10) text: Chris alone, breathes deep, feeling the full effect.
32) 0) text: King leads Chris down to a specially constructed cellar-l hutch dug deep into the ground on an isolated edge of the battalion perimeter. Ammo casing and canvas are piled ove it, and sandbags surround it. From the outside very littl sound can be heard as they go down through a trap door ma of ammo crates. Past a lookout (Adams) pulling security,  hitting a joint but alert. King motions to him, it's cool Inside is another world. Chris looking around amazed. It' like a private cabaret for the 'heads' who are there cool out. Boxes of food from the States, beers, whiskey bottle crates functioning as tables, hammocks hanging from poles electric fans, tape decks, paraphernalia. The boys are all dressed up in their Saturday night rags. The clothes are clean, the headbands, the medallions are  out, anything distinctive and individualistic. On the  tapedeck, Jefferson Airplane's 'Go Ask Alice'. To Chris it is a new world. And RHAH, the resident head,  sitting there in all his finery puffing a huge burning re bowl in a three foot long Montagnard pipe, seems to be th lord of final judgment in this smoky underworld. Across his naked chest, birds and snakes are tattooed. Ar his neck a black skull and white ivory cross side by side On his knuckles 'Love' and 'Hate' are tattooed. In his ey a dancing Satanic fire. A poor rural Southern white, in h grizzled late 20's, he could be a Biker King. Giving Chri the once-over.
32) 3) text: Chris wondering what he's doing here. His eyes roving ove
32) 6) dialog: What?
32) 9) text: Chris understands, takes the bowl. Hesitates. Then smokes it. The contact fumes are almost enough to knock him out. He starts coughing. They're all laughing.
32) 16) text: They all laugh and applaud. King smoking from the pipe pa it back to Chris who takes another hit, doesn't cough thi time, looking around, wondering about these guys.
32) 19) text: They go on ad-libbing with each other, teasing Doc, who's fairly straight, saying he wants to go to med school in t fall. 'Be what?''A gynecologist, man.''What dat?' Francis suggests, 'Dats a pussy doctor, man - he's gonna be Docto Feelgood, man!' They're all cracking up, finding every jo funny. As Chris finishes his hit on the pipe, looks up ac the smoke, already dazed, surprised to see ELIAS suddenly there - leaning out of his sling in a far corner of the h A Monkey is draped around his neck with silver bracelets, rings, a necklace - like a sensual little Egyptian whore, Elias playing with it, spaced out in a sleeveless vest, t pants. Dancing eyes on Chris, he swings out the hammock,  comes over with the monkey. Meanwhile Manny has broken into a high falsetto snatch of blues directed at Chris, joined by Big Harold and Francis all of them clicking their hands.
32) 21) text: Elias pulls out a Remington 870 shotgun, jacks it to the  rear, points it at Chris.
32) 23) text: Chris does so slowly, a little worried. Elias takes a hit and blows it down the bore - 'shotgunning' it into Chris' lungs. Chris staggers back, coughing. Everybody laughs 'h dude - you done had your ass blown away' etc... Elias smiles his big white-tooth smile.
32) 25) dialog: Yeah.
32) 27) text: Chris puzzled by this expression.
32) 29) dialog: (a sense of euphoria  now) Yeah. No pain in my neck now. Feels  good.
32) 66) dialog: (joining in) ...But what'd she do?
32) 70) dialog: But what'd she actually do?
32) 79) dialog: God!
32) 87) dialog: Elizabeth?
32) 92) dialog: Jennifer?
32) 96) dialog: (repeating it) Dawn...
34) 4) text: King and Big Harold wave Chris into the Circle and he sta swaying with them, feeling as if he's being accepted into new family. Rhah watches it all, puffing away on his magic dragon pip the shadows dancing on the walls. It looks like a Saturday night dance party. A yearning fo tenderness, for feminity, for a moment of peace in this  nightmare life. Their eyes closed, thinking of dance part that can't be here tonight. Singing their souls out.
35) 0) text: An overwhelming 103 degree heat. Chris is once more on po a little better now but obviously struggling with a thick unyielding bamboo thicket that forces him forward in a ca crouch. Napalm jelly is hanging from the trees in great  canopies of spider webs, obliterating the sky.
35) 1) dialog: New Year's Day, 1968. Just another  day. Staying alive. There's been a  lot of movement neat the Cambodian  border, regiments of NVA moving  across. A lot of little firefights,  ambushes, we drop a lot of bombs,  then we walk through the napalm like  ghosts in a landscape...
35) 2) text: Chris working his way over twisted, broken stumps, branch On the back of his flak jacket he's written, 'If I die bu me upside down so the whole world can kiss my ass'.
35) 4) text: The signal for silence. Chris freezes. Barnes edging up t him.
35) 6) dialog: Where?
35) 7) text: Doesn't see it. Following Barnes' imperceptible movement his head. The bunker, dug into the ground and camouflaged with brus is staring right at him, not more than 20 feet away. Chri is a dead man if... Barnes, checking the terrain, signals radioman Hoyt. Barnes edging up to the bunker, eyes everywhere. Chris  following. The tension builds. They come up to the edge o it, peer in. Nothing. Barnes walks around it, slips in from back. Chris covers  him, other guys coming up now, making a small perimeter. Chris now starts to see things he didn't see. Right in fr of his nose - there is a trench from this bunker to anoth and another. There is now in his view a complex of bunker and thatched hootches and lean-tos all blending into the  forest. A ghost city... Elias and others fanning out now, careful... whispered  conversations in the wind. Chris moves past a rope with freshly washed laundry stret between two trees, clothes stirring in the wind. He looks as King points out a treehouse, then looks down as Lerner whispers something and points - NVA rucksacks are laid ou on the ground in an orderly platoon-sized pattern.
37) 0) text: Lt. Wolfe signals Manny and Chris out onto the two flanks
41) 0) text: On the other flank, Chris, also alone, waits, listening t the sounds of the jungle. He too is smoking a cigarette. eeriness is everywhere. Rays of morning light peeking thr the cathedral dome of the jungle. Bird calls.
43) 0) text: It's quiet, weird. Chris takes his pants down, squats. He thinks he hears something, tenses. There is a soft rustling sound now. And as he focuses on he realizes it is coming from very close to him. Somethin light and sinuous moving over the leaves. He looks down. A bright yellow and orange-ringed krait viper is crawling right between his two legs. It stops, senses another life standing over it. Chris frozen with dread. The snake crawls on, pulling its long, long 15 foot body  behind it. On Chris, eyes dilated, slowly regaining his breath looki around everywhere now.
47) 0) text: Out on flank, Chris hits the ground, hugs it.
55) 0) text: Chris watches him from outside the bunker, awed. Barnes notices Chris watching him, takes a breath, stands
55) 2) text: The men moving into jungle formation, silently. Chris walking over into line, stops for a moment - notici a freshly-severed eyeball partially buried in dirt, stari up at him. He turns away, sickened.
57) 0) text: Out on the flank position, where he once stood, Elias wal out, looks. The jungle is silent once again. Francis, Tub King follow. The others - Barnes, Lt.Wolfe, Warren, Chris Rhah...
57) 2) text: Their voices trailing off. Bird cries come back. Elias combing the ground for clues... nothing. Chris looking on, can't believe it, none of them can, a  collective chill running through the platoon.
58) 1) dialog: We had to get to the village before  dark so we left Elias with some men  to keep looking and to wait for the  engineers... But it was King who  found him... about 1000 yards  downriver, not far from the village -  It was the end of the mystery.
58) 2) text: A moving shot approaching Manny. He's trussed with rope,  arms behind his back. Throat cut, eyes startled open, mou shaped in a scream of terror. Barnes, the other men looking... Chris. Barnes says it fo everyone, 'The motherfuckers...'
59) 1) dialog: ...the village, which had stood for  maybe a thousand years, didn't know  we were coming that day. If they had  they would have run... Barnes was at  the eye of our rage - and through  him, our Captain Ahab - we would set  things right again. That day we loved  him...
59) 4) text: The pig grunts. Bunny leveling his shotgun, fires point b A horrible squeal. Chris, directly behind him, looks disgusted.
63) 0) text: The sun is sittin there hot and high in the sky. Chris, strangling in heat, a demented look on his face,  staggers into a hutch with Francis.
64) 0) text: Threadbare, poor, a typical Buddhist shrine in the corner motes of light crisscross through the poor matting and c- ration sides. Chris edges over, pries up a floorboard, flips it over,  scared. There's a tunnel inside. A long dark dangerous hole.
64) 1) dialog: La Dai! La Dai! GET THE FUCK OUTTA  THERE!
64) 3) dialog: They're scared? What about me! I'm  sick of this shit man, I'm sick of  this shit! They don't want us here!   Who do you think they're fighting  for! GET OUTTA THERE!
66) 0) text: An Old Woman and her Son, a young man with one leg, throw their hands, climbing out of the hole with stupid confuse looks as Chris, shaking with his own sort of confusion an rage, cuffs them, hustling them out. The Young Man uses a pair of crutches for his blown-off limb, hobbling like a  mangy three-legged dog.
66) 2) dialog: Get up out of there!... You see I  didn't wanna hurt you. Why didn't  you come out, when I said so hunh!  Why? WHY! WHY? DON'T YOU LISTEN...  WHAT ARE YOU SMILING AT HUNH! FUCKING  ASSHOLES!
66) 3) text: The couple, hands raised, muttering things in Vietnamese, don't understand a word, shaking their heads stupidly and smiling that impassive Oriental smile which sends Chris i a rage only he can understand. His finger closes on the trigger of his 16. Francis, the baby-faced black, looks nervously, sensing t danger... Bunny amused, drawn in by Chris. O'Neill watche passively from the lip of the hutch. The Young Man continues to grin, not seeming to realize t degree of danger he's in, which is what Chris wants - a t sign of acquiescence. There is also the added element of  showing off his manhood in front of an audience now.
66) 5) text: Chris. The trigger. He pulls. But he can't quite bring hi to kill. The bullets exploding in the dirt at the edges o the young man's foot.
66) 6) dialog: (demonic) DANCE YOU ONE-LEGGED MOTHERFUCKER,  DANCE!!!
66) 7) text: The Young Man hops up and down in a reflex fear of the so of the bullets as they thud into the dirt. Yet his eyes r fixed on Chris in wonderment. Chris, firing out the magazine, seems to expend his blood He ceases, noticing - for the first time - the eyes of th Young Man. They aren't stupid - nor fearful - but filled  with resignation and despair - a despair that Chris, in  disgust of himself, recognizes. Chris lowers the rifle, silent. The Young Man's impassive face shines now with tears. Tha sad young look - as if death itself would've been a relea Chris turns his eyes away, an awkward sense of shame.
66) 14) text: Chris standing there, watching, sensing something awful i going to come and unable to do anything about it. It come suddenly and without warning. Bunny is looking at O'Neill the Vietnamese couple are muttering something. In one flu move, Bunny swivels and with unbelievable savagery clubs young one-legged man in the side of the head with the but of his 16.
66) 19) text: Chris watches, horrified. Never in his life has he seen  something so horrifying as this. And yet he does nothing. He is part of it.
66) 23) text: She cowers from him. Chris steps back, horrified. As is  O'Neill, more puzzled than horrified.
66) 27) text: As he clubs her to death. On Chris' face, blood and brain tissue flying up into it.
67) 8) text: Chris and O'Neill come up, watch. Others coming from diff places - sensing the narrowing drama. But half the platoo is still at work in the village. We hear shouts, grenade  explosions, occasionally gunfire.
67) 19) text: The Woman is still ranting when Barnes turns to her, quit casually levels his M-16, and puts a bullet in her head. She goes down as if pole-axed. A stunned pause. The Chief looking at his wife. The Villa in background reacting. Wolfe looking... Chris looking, shocked. Doc, possibly th straightest of them all, very uncomfortable. They are all shocked in some way, but do nothing against the power of  Barnes. Barnes walks over to the pig pen with the other  Villagers, very casually, confronts them.
67) 25) text: Barnes turns his attention on the other villagers, his  intentions apparent. Everybody feels them. They're next.  Barnes is unperturbed, very much in command of the situat no rage, no emotions expressed. Chris has never seen such a thing in his life - but can't react. Can't stop it, just watches it like he's not quite there. The same goes for Lieutenant Wolfe, for all of them. The  very outrageousness of Barnes' killing seems to quell all protest.
67) 29) text: Chris' eyes... Rodriguez next to him, is neutral but will Francis is hesitant. Fu Sheng and Junior are ready to go for it. Lt. Wolfe is  powerless, frozen. Sgt. Warren stepping up. The massacre is just about to br The Villagers know it, kneel in prayer, mutter. Barnes suddenly grabs and drags a young 19 year-old Woman the Village Chief's daughter, across the pen, throws her  down on her knees, in front of the stunned Village Chief. She's screaming.
67) 33) text: He chambers the .45, the Woman begging Barnes for her lif cradling his knees. He sticks the gun down above her skul Chris wanting to cry out, to do something - but can't! A FIGURE suddenly flares out in the sun, advancing on the It is Elias.
67) 39) text: The stock of his rifle swings up fast and hard smacking B full in the face, breaking two teeth. Barnes staggers back, hurt, bleeding. Elias is on him lik leopard. Battering him with his fists. They struggle in the dust, two titans, their faces equall consumed with rage, clawing, spitting, punching, kicking, pounding each other's skulls in the dirt. A dust storm sw around them, the men closing around like excited apes at bloodfeast. Most of the men seem to be pulling for Barnes - Chris jus watching neutral.
67) 51) text: Who wants to be reminded? A silence of shame. The Men mov away, Warren, Ace, Tony, Rodriguez, Barnes looking back o a cold glare. The Village Chief is a broken-looking man, huddled over h wife's body. Elias stands there, frustrated. Chris glances at him, moves out.
74) 0) text: Chris wanders through this wreckage in the sun, like a da visitor from another planet, not believing it. He sees  something, goes towards it - knows what it is.
76) 2) text: As they roll her over, like excited dogs in heat. Chris, coming up, sees their heads dipping up and down on the other side of the anthill, knows what they're doing. makes a conscious decision to do something. He runs over.
76) 3) dialog: LET HER GO! YOU HEAR ME! YOU ASSHOLE!  LET HER GO!
76) 6) dialog: NO - YOU STUPID FUCK... DON'T...  DON'T... YOU TOO BUNNY. MOREHOUSE.  OFF! NO! DON'T... DON'T!
76) 7) text: He seems disconnected, dazed by the sun, like he's talkin to dogs - loud, repetitive words coming out of an anger h can barely control, trying to restore some sanity to a wo gone totally nuts today. Don't they understand? Don't the have any sense of a mind? Any kind of decency? The Men looking at him as if he's the one who's gone nuts not them. Bunny looking at Morehouse looking at Tony look at Junior. The irony is lost on them, as Chris pushes thr to help the poor girl put her scanty clothes back on.
76) 8) dialog: (to the girl) It's okay... it's okay...
76) 11) text: The men grumble and slink off quietly. Elias watching as. Chris helps her to her feet, wounded in the intestines, s can barely stand, blood soaking in her nether regions. Ch slings her up as gently as he can and carries her.
76) 12) dialog: (as if to himself) It's okay, it's okay...
77) 0) text: Near the pig pen, a DOZEN SUSPECTS are being led away on  ropes by Tubbs, Warren, Rodriguez. The others left behind look back at their village in ruins, homes burning, lives dead or scattered, belongings thrown and broken in the di BABIES wail, the adults squat there on their heels watchi with absolutely no trace of outward emotion. Past this Bosch-like canvas, Chris - carrying the girl -  walks dazed by the horrors of this long afternoon.
82) 0) text: Elsewhere on the perimeter, Chris is digging out a foxhol with Rhah, as King and Lerner prepare the C's for dinner.
82) 3) dialog: Where's he from?
82) 7) text: His eyes flare out dramatically. Chris, enthralled in spi of himself.
82) 10) dialog: And he still wanted to come back?
82) 14) dialog: Does he have a metal plate in his  head?
82) 18) text: His hand flashes forward in front of Chris. 'HATE' is wri across the left hand knuckles in a sloppy, purplish-black tatoo. Chris looking at it.
82) 20) text: The other knuckle is out - 'LOVE' tattooed across it. Rha smiles his crazy smile. Chris stares fascinated at the tw knuckles side by side. A moment on his face.
82) 24) dialog: Where's Elias come from?
82) 30) dialog: Three years, Jesus, he's crazy as  Barnes...
84) 0) text: Chris is turning in his sleep, perturbed, writhing. The  whispering is more and more urgent. Death is all around. shoots up out of his poncho liner as if shot, stunned.   Scared. Looks around. All is quiet. Men sleeping. Elias is huddled in his poncho on guard next to his foxho Chris joins him, sitting, wiping the sleep from his eyes.
84) 1) dialog: ...I can't sleep, why don't you get  some sack time.
84) 3) dialog: ...beautiful night.
84) 5) dialog: That's a nice way of putting it.
84) 7) dialog: Barnes got it in for you, don't he?
84) 9) dialog: And you, do you believe?
84) 11) dialog: (surprised) You really think so... us?
84) 14) text: He plants his fist in Chris' gut, expelling his breath su is the force of the blow - like a power passed between th
84) 16) text: His eyes blazing, reliving the deaths in the village, lic the wounds for the platoon, mourning the failure of its  heroism. Chris looking at him, a little awed by his inten Elias looks away, embarrassed that he has sermonized, loo back at the stars.
84) 18) dialog: Do you believe that stuff about...  knowing you're gonna die?
84) 21) dialog: ...You ever think about reincarnation,  all that stuff?
84) 22) text: A lightning quick movement follows. Elias' hand passing o his face like a mime, a click of the fingers and he leans closer to Chris. A new expression on his face. Devil's ey mocking child, danger in his soul, excitement, sex - the  Elias that Chris saw in the smoking session in base camp. Chris smiles, sucked in, almost laughs and then the face gone again.
84) 24) text: He smiles at the thought. Chris looks at him, looks away. shooting star falls suddenly and dryly through the cosmos Their eyes.
85) 0) text: The Platoon moves along a shallow STREAM bordering the ju A thick RAIN falls amid cracks of distant thunder. Chris, Rhah, Francis, Big Harold, others are at the rear of the  platoon, their ponchos pulled over them like big sad grey tents. There's a holdup ahead and the Men rest on rocks o stand. The rain makes a pointilistic pattern, the men col of grey, their rifles slung upside down to keep dry. Barnes is up ahead, out of the stream bank, on the radio.
88) 0) text: Back at the stream, Rhah, looking old and whiskered under his poncho hood, lights up a roach, puffs it. Another cra of thunder. Chris comes over, sits with him on his rock. Rhah passes him the joint. He smokes. Big Harold pulls a leech out of his open crotch area.
88) 12) text: The words carry over Chris staring out at the rain, feeli a leaden fatigued high. Passes the roach, down to a  millimeter, back to Rhah who points to his face.
88) 14) text: Chris feels for, finds the leech on the edge of his lip,  cursing under his breath.
91) 0) text: Chris moving up with Rhah and the others out of the strea they hit the ground next to Sgt. O'Neill, who looks prett scared, obviously not about to move.
91) 1) dialog: What's going on?
91) 5) dialog: Who's on point?
91) 7) text: Chris uses his M-16 to lever himself up into a crouch and suddenly dashes forward, passing Rhah.
91) 9) text: Chris tearing up. Past Flash - the hip black head with th colored beads. He's dead, torn and shredded, his face and eyes stuff with dirt. Next to him Doc is frantically  tourniqueting Tubbs, shot in the legs. He's screaming. Chris keeps moving to the front as if compelled.
93) 0) text: Chris comes alongside Francis near the point, throws hims down. Banging his head against his helmet as he falls. Th incoming rounds are tearing up the front of the platoon.
93) 1) dialog: (to Francis) Where's Lerner?
93) 4) dialog: Oh Jesus!
93) 5) text: His eyes moving to Sgt. Warren lying alongside a tree - c trying to stack his intestines back into his ruptured sto Another RPG comes in. Chris makes a conscious decision, moves up - bit by bit,  shielding himself with tree stumps, ant hills, laying out fire, trying to get closer to Lerner. Francis following his progress, bug-eyed. Fu Sheng now comes up with his M-60 - Harold his loader,  belts of ammo flapping against their bodies. He fires fro the hip, providing cover fire for Chris, then pops down.
94) 0) text: Chris, firing out another magazine, crawls closer to Lern trying to ascertain if he's still alive.
94) 1) dialog: Lerner! Lerner, can you hear me man?
94) 2) text: Lerner groans. A fresh burst of AK fire rakes the area.   Lerner jerks spasmodically with the impact of the rounds. Chris spots the sniper. In a hole in the ground. Twenty-f meters off. Snapping the magazine out of his AK to reload A live gook. Chris tears off a volley at him but the gook disappears i the hole. This is the moment, Chris realizes it, it's now never if Chris intends to get the gook. He's got to make move before the man has reloaded his weapon. He pulls his grenade, pops the pin. He lets the spoon fly off, activating the grenade-timer, as he humps to his fee and runs for the gook hole, concentrating, concentrating. That head is going to pop up any second with a freshly-lo weapon and tear his head off. Chris won't make it back to the hole. The throw has to be perfect. He won't get another chance. He heaves the frag, drops and rolls away. The throw is perfect, the golden ar of flight from the outfield nailing the baserunner. It tw cleanly in the hole. The explosion muffled but deadly. Chris scrambles to his feet, a look of almost total surpr on his face. He can't seem to believe he did it. Pointing his M-16 before him, he advances on the hole, looking ove the muzzle to see the badly-mangled NVA man twisted at th bottom. Chris hurries over to Lerner. He's in bad shape, hit in  several places, vaguely conscious.
94) 3) dialog: Gator! Gator! (Lerner groans) I'm gonna get you out man. You're  gonna be okay Gator... okay?
94) 4) text: Fu Sheng laying out fire to protect them, Harold splittin off to get more ammo. Chris getting Lerner to his feet, hauling him back with a his strength, past Francis...
101) 0) text: Chris, further back, dumps Lerner with Doc who's got more than he can handle.
101) 1) dialog: Take care of him Doc! Please!
101) 2) text: Doc looking at him, a dark look of hopelessness. Lerner i mess, groaning, reaching for Chris' hand.
101) 6) dialog: Hang tough, Gator. Hang in there,  man, you're gonna be OK... just hang  on.
101) 7) text: Feeling like a liar, peeling the man's hands off him, lea him there looking numb. Chris is shaken, Lerner's blood a over him. He tears out after Rhah, linking up with Elias and Crawfo Elias motioning them to hurry. Another huge artillery rou exploding out to the front.
104) 0) text: Elias - a defiant look on his face - moves fast but cauti back across the Church landmarks. Chris following then Rh and Crawford. The RAIN has now settled into a mist huggin the ground.
104) 4) text: Chris looking at Rhah. How does he know? Elias points out an imaginary line across the breaking mi
104) 10) dialog: I'll go with you.
106) 0) text: Next to the Church deployed in the jungle, Rhah looks on, silent. Chris in his position, waits. It is so silent in comparis to the racket from the battle across the forest. The Mist clings to the trees, moist and lovely. Then, a flicker of movement, sound. Chris hears it, tightens. His POV - at fifty yards. An  evanescence of beige and green uniforms moving towards hi very fast, scurrying. They look like headless ghosts. Chris opens fire.
106) 1) dialog: GET EM!!!!!
106) 3) dialog: (ecstatic) Yeah! I got two of them fuckers...
106) 5) dialog: ...See them go down? Like fuckin'  target practice man, fuck you  Charlie!! Ho Chi Minh sucks dead  dick!... Crawford! (sees him, stunned)
106) 6) text: Crawford, the blond-locked California beach boy, lies on earth, hit in a lung, having difficulty breathing, moanin in a soft undercurrent. Chris runs up on him.
106) 7) dialog: Oh man!... man!
106) 17) dialog: (indicating jungle) ...but 'Lias is still out there.
106) 19) text: Chris and Rhah look at Barnes sullenly, then reluctantly  start moving Crawford onto a poncho liner they use as a  litter.
113) 0) text: Chris and Rhah get Crawford back to the church grounds, l him down. No activity around them. Chris plunges back int the jungle where they left Barnes.
115) 0) text: Chris, cutting through the jungle, hears the shots. He st listens. Someone is moving through bush towards him, leav and foliage shaking. Chris tightens, raises his rifle. Barnes steps through into his sight - sees him. Chris lowers his rifle. Barnes walking past him as if he  weren't even there.
115) 2) dialog: (shocked) He's dead! Where?... You saw him?
115) 4) text: Moving on quickly. Chris has no choice but to follow, loo back one more time.
116) 2) text: Lerner goes by, horribly wounded on a makeshift litter, i the chopper, Doc attending, holding the IV. Chris catching a glimpse of him, waiting to get on the  chopper, turning to look as: Hoyt and Sgt. Warren, both wounded, are hurried aboard on litters. The chopper lifting off. Chris and others now running to the corpses of Flash,  Morehouse, and Fu Sheng lying under dirty ponchos, their  boots sticking out. The ponchos are blown away in a burst wind off the chopper blades, revealing their faces - dirt stuffing their eyes and mouths, waxen figures. Chris and the others lifting them and carrying them towar the next chopper now coming in. They throw the bodies on. Tubbs and Crawford, both wounde now move past Chris, into the chopper. Chris running back with King carrying a litter - their eyes falling on: Barnes talking with Wolfe and Ace, making signals under t roaring sounds of the chopper. Shaking his head. No. No E Chris and King looking at each other, mute. They numbly s loading Big Harold, minus his leg, onto the stretcher. The Third Chopper is down now, waiting, roaring blades  silhouetting off the face of the cathedral. A ROCKET BLAS suddenly goes off not too far from the chopper, incoming  fire. The DOOR GUNNER signaling for them to hurry, laying out fire.
116) 6) text: He sinks back, sick. Chris' eyes suddenly fix on somethin He can't believe it. He shoves King, points. King sees it Both stunned. Barnes is looking. So's Lt. Wolfe, so's Ace. So's the Doo Gunner. Elias is coming out of the jungle. Staggering, blood  disfiguring his face and chest, hanging on with all his  dimming strength, looking up at them - trying to reach th Chris shakes Wolfe, his words drowned out by the roar. The Chopper Captain looking down, dips. His co-pilot poin The NVA are coming out of the jungle, closing on the spot where Elias is. Incoming rounds are hitting the chopper. The Door Gunner  maniacally firing. Barnes looking down at the man, can't believe it. Elias is on his last legs now, obviously being hit by the incoming fire of the NVA. He falls to his knees, still  stretching upwards for life. The Chopper Captain shakes his head at Wolfe. The Chopper dips one more time firing at the NVA, low and fierce over the jungle. Chris looking back in horror. Elias crucified. The NVA coming out now by the dozens fro the treeline. Elias crumbling to the ground. Obviously dead or dying.
116) 8) text: Barnes drawing in. Chris looking at him in revulsion. He knows. Barnes sees look, ignores it, all of them sitting there silent, livin with that final horrifying image of Elias.
117) 0) text: The 'heads' are assembled - what's left of them. Rhah, Ki Francis, Doc, Adam, a quiet black kid, and Chris, who is  impassioned tonight.
117) 1) dialog: He killed him. I know he did. I saw  his eyes when he came back in...
117) 3) dialog: Proof's in the eyes. When you know  you know. You were there Rhah - I  know what you were thinking. I say  we frag the fucker. Tonight.
117) 8) dialog: Then what do you suggest big shot?
117) 17) dialog: Fuck this shit!
117) 19) dialog: You're wrong man! Any way you cut it  Rhah, Barnes is a murderer.
117) 22) dialog: I was wrong.
117) 30) text: Confronting Chris, he moves on, taunting them all.
117) 34) text: Almost an appeal - naked, intense. Rhah, Francis, Doc loo away. King, the biggest one there, is about to say something, b the moment passes. Chris waits, his anger on the rise. Barnes takes a swigger from the whiskey, then turns away  contemptuously.
117) 36) dialog: KILL YOU MOTHERFUCKER!!!
117) 37) text: Chris slams into Barnes, rushing him off his feet. Poundi his face, solid blows.
117) 39) text: But Barnes is too quick and very strong and takes the blo getting outside Chris' arm, twisting and flipping him in wrestler's grip - throwing him hard onto his back on the  dirt floor. The expression of the Men watching slumps, their hopes da Barnes springs around on Chris, straddles him, one hand  pushing his face back, hits him hard. Once. Twice. Chris grimaces, groans, helpless now. A flick of sound. A knife whipped out of Barnes' boot and pressing against  Chris' throat. Chris bleeding from the nose and mouth. Rhah suddenly spinning into action, fast now, realizing w Barnes intends to do.
117) 41) text: Barnes is on the verge - about to kill again. Chris waiting. Rhah coaxing him, moving closer.
117) 43) text: Barnes' eyes tremble in the candle light, his scars ugly, spasm clenching and locking his facial muscles. Then sudd he is calm again, very calm. We sense a man of enormous s control. Suddenly he flicks his knife across Chris, leaving a mark below his left eye. Chris gasps. Looking up at Barnes rising off him. The boo alongside his face. The Men looking on, the tension lowering.
117) 46) text: Chris sits at the very edge of a Huey Chopper, bandana ar his forehead, long hair blowing in the wind, Barnes' mark below his eyes, slicked out now like a jungle veteran, lo down at the VILLAGE where the massacre occurred. The Village is still a smoking ruin, a few peasants and w buffalo straggling like ants to reconstruct. Bunny, next to Chris, pops his gum, indifferent. Barnes,  next to him, shifts, reads a map. Rodriguez is praying, his mouth moving without audible wo getting ready for the drop. King is making last minute adjustments in his pack. Bunny now nudges Chris, points. The Church in the Jungle  where Elias was killed is visible. An outline of the Ceme Uncomfortable memories play over Chris' face.
117) 47) dialog: They sent us back into the valley  the next day - about 2,000 metres  from Cambodia - into a battalion  perimeter. Alpha Company had been  hit hard the day before by a sizeable  force and Charlie Company had been  probed that night. There were other  battalions in the valley, we weren't  the only ones but we knew we were  going to be the bait to lure them  out. And somewhere out there was the  entire 141st NVA Regiment.
117) 48) text: The BATTALION PERIMETER now breaks in the clear ahead. Sm grenades of various colors are being popped on the cleare LZ. It's not big, its radius 200 yards, heavily sandbagge deeply dug, rolls of barbed wire protecting it, radio ant sprouting from the CP - and surrounded on all four sides jungle. The First Chopper rocking down, whipping up dust clouds. Chris jumps out, moving out fast as the Second Chopper st in.
120) 0) text: On the edge of the perimeter, King puts out his claymore, unraveling it back towards his FOXHOLE, intersecting MEN  form the Third Platoon, who file out on a night ambush,  skirting the trip wires, demoralized, silent. Eye exchang but no words. Chris sits on the foxhole watching the ambush go out, smo a joint by himself, depressed. King comes in with the cla wires, attaching them to their detonators. Their foxhole as are all of the Platoon's - is positioned just inside t treeline bordering the LZ, so that they are quite isolate from the center of the perimeter where they first landed.
120) 6) text: Chris shakes his head.
120) 8) text: Chris' eyes answer negatively.
120) 10) dialog: ...there's nobody.
120) 12) dialog: Who gives a shit!
120) 15) dialog: Y'ever get caught in a mistake King  and you just can't get out of it?
120) 17) dialog: Not just me... it's the way the whole  thing works. People like Elias get  wasted and people like Barnes just  go on making up rules any way they  want and what do we do, we just sit  around in the middle and suck on it!  We just don't add up to dry shit.
120) 23) text: King packing up, double time. Chris comes over, helps him trying to share his happiness but not succeeding.
120) 24) dialog: Hey that's great King, that's great...  you take it on home for me, you tell  'em King... got your address right?   You know where you can reach men,  man. Anytime!
120) 26) text: Chris, fighting his depression, slaps hands with King. A  brief moment, they look at each other. A friendship that forever and is now over. They both sort of know they'll n see each other again.
120) 27) dialog: I'll walk you out...
123) 0) text: At the LZ, King runs out, gets on the last SUPPLY CHOPPER with some other men. It lifts off, swirling dust, the las rays of daylight. Chris watches from a Battalion CP area, waves back - the  chopper sound receding in the horizon, the comparative si of the jungle now creeping up on the perimeter. He turns starts back to his foxhole. A man is watching him. He's sitting on a sandbag, face in shadow. It startles Chris, something about him. Something different. A deep West Virginia drawl.
123) 2) dialog: Uh sure...
123) 3) text: Goes over reluctantly, flicks his lighter, cupping it fro the wind. The flame catches a sudden, uneasy expression i Chris' face as he sees the Smoking Man. We come around and see what Chris sees in the light of th flame. A face that smiles at him like a death's head, a l ugly blister on his mouth, whiskered, pale - but smiling. sick man wouldn't smile like this, but he is smiling too  intimately, as if he knows Chris from way back. But he  doesn't. Or does he? Perhaps it was the man Chris first s at the airstrip when he came in-country. The same express of evil, of a man who has seen too much and died, but sti lives. Chris feels an unnatural fear passing through him. The Man stands, sucking on his cigarette, stretches. He i thin and very tall, towering over Chris.
123) 5) text: He goes. Chris watches him, wondering. The man never look back, a leisurely, confident stroll. In that moment, ther is an EXPLOSION from way out in the jungle, about a quart of a mile. Then another, then small arms fire. Chris look knows.
129) 0) text: On their foxhole, Chris and Francis wait anxiously. Overh the ARTILLERY keeps pounding into the ambush area. Now SM ARMS FIRE can be heard picking up at random spots along t perimeter. The battle, like a tide, is obviously moving c to them.
129) 2) text: Chris says nothing. Suddenly off to their right, about 80 yards, a BLUE FIZZLE of light erupts.
129) 3) dialog: Trip flares!... Rodriguez's hole.
129) 5) dialog: RPGs! Shit!
129) 9) dialog: Over here!
129) 11) dialog: Rhah! What's going on. Rodriguez's  hole just got...
129) 15) text: FLARES now shoot up over the perimeter. Reds, greens, yel squeaking as they float down on their parachute hinges  throughout the ensuing battle. The perimeter is illuminat at spotty intervals - sometimes arctic bright, sometimes  unexplainably dark til new flares shoot up. Chris, Francis, Rhah all look up at the light, and hug th holes even tighter, feeling naked in the light. Flares cu both ways.
129) 17) text: Runs out of the foxhole. Chris suddenly reacting to a noi out front, gripping Francis and pointing to the sound. A BODY is thrashing towards them, about twenty-five yards not yet visible but a little awkward and lungy in it's  movement, as if desperate. Francis, tense, is about to pop his grenade when Chris gr him.
129) 18) dialog: Hold it! (loud whisper) WHO IS IT!
129) 21) dialog: No!
129) 24) dialog: It's the ambush! (calling out) In here, man! Hurry.
129) 25) text: The SOLDIER now runs in like a fullback going down for th tackle, sprawling into the hole, knocking Chris and Franc down beneath him. He is sweating, terrified, a white boy with an unrecogniz filthy face, no rifle, no helmet, his fatigues torn all o
129) 27) text: Chris gives him his canteen, his shoulder and neck hurtin from the collision. The Soldier sucks down the canteen.
129) 32) text: He tears off, leaving Francis in a state of incipient pan He looks at Chris.
129) 34) text: Chris adjusting position, facing the front, anger in his  voice.
129) 35) dialog: You go.
134) 0) text: In their foxhole, Chris and Francis look at the curling b of flame, stunned.
134) 1) dialog: Oh no!
135) 0) text: In their foxhole, Chris points.
135) 1) dialog: There!
135) 2) text: SHAPES moving in the trees. Chris blows his claymore hand One explosion on top of the other out front. Then return  fire. Flashes from a muzzle, rak-a-tak, rak-a-tak, rak-a- tak, the heavier sound of an AK-47. Chris opening up with his 16. Then being blown down by a  grenade explosion at the edge of the foxhole. Then nothin A pause. Chris' ears ringing, slightly concussed. Suddenly from down the perimeter there is the sound of a  faulty LOUDSPEAKER crackling out from the jungle. A pidge English, the words mauled, then a snatch of patriotic Nor Vietnamese music, played from a scratchy old record. Chris uneasy, looking at Francis who looks terrified. The SOUND now of a whistle. Two hoots, then a sharp third. Th yelling. Chris grabbing Francis' arm, pointing. There is a VOICE  directly out to the front of them - muttering something i Vietnamese, no more than 20 yards away but unseen. It's l hearing a casual conversation from another room, then the sounds of several bodies moving in separate directions -  encompassing the foxhole.
135) 3) dialog: (to Francis, a whisper) Out of the hole! Fast!
135) 4) text: Chris crawls out, stops, looks back. Francis won't leave, hugs the shelter.
135) 5) dialog: (a fierce whisper) Goddamit Francis! Move your fucking  ass. Now... THEY GONNA BLOW IT!
135) 6) text: Reaches in and yanks him with all his strength half out o the hole. Francis, finally sparked, now moves out. Both o them bellying it into the brush behind the hole. Not a moment too soon. An RPG ROCKET whistling in. The FOXHOLE takes a direct hit, caving in, whirls of smok spinning off it. Chris and Francis look back covered with debris. They hea movement. SHADOWS are swarming towards the foxhole, firing into it finish them off. Francis grabs Chris' leg, indicating they get out of ther Chris hesitates - a moment, a decision made now in angry  passion - rises up and charges the NVA. SHADOWS scatter and tumble, caught by his surprise close- range fire. Chris moving forward into them, blasting, agile, his inst finely tuned, and totally insane in this moment of time,  indifferent to his life. He YELLS insanities, pumping him up with the adrenaline of courage.
135) 7) dialog: DIE YOU MOTHERFUCKERS!!! YAAAAAAAAA!!!
135) 8) text: Screams from the dark shadows, they fall. Chris smashing a wounded SHADOW with the butt of his gun  down into the foxhole. He jumps back into it, reoccupying it. Blasting the dead gook. Opening fire out to the front, driving the Shadows back. Francis watching this, amazed. After a moment of doubt, h too tears back out to join Chris in the foxhole, unbeliev as he jumps in with him.
135) 10) text: Then stunned again to see Chris suddenly rise up out of t foxhole and charging forward into the jungle. He is now o the edge.
135) 11) dialog: (charging off into  the jungle) DIE YOU MOTHERFUCKERS!!!
136) 0) text: In his position, Bunny is experiencing the same 'high' as Chris, yells out at them.
143) 1) text: Chris bellies into the area, see Barnes, recognizes him,  amazed. An ENEMY fires, taking Barnes high in the left thigh. A p of skin blowing off. Barnes rigidly goes down on his left knee like a wounded horse. Holds there, staring into the  Enemy, waiting for the coup de grace. A series of SHOUTS and the Enemy staggers dead as: Chris lays out a curtain of fire. A GRENADE goes off near him, blowing off his helmet. Dazed, Chris rushes forward  firing from the hip - sucked into Barnes' suicidal vacuum He cuts down an Enemy as: Barnes, given a new lease, limps angrily forward and tack a wounded Enemy trying to crawl away, terrified at the si of Barnes coming after him. Barnes lets out a vivid screa And beats the soldier mercilessly, half the stock of his 16 flying apart broken. Chris swivels alert on his knees. A pause. No more enemy. Turns to Barnes, his back to Chris still beating at the d corpse.
143) 2) dialog: Barnes!
143) 3) text: Barnes swivels instinctively off the corpse and for a  petrifying moment Chris sees: A maddened scar of a face, lips specked with foam. The EY refracted in a red-green flare overhead - the pupils dist into angry red points. For Chris it is no doubt the most frightening single imag he has seen in his life. It will be in his nightmares for The essence of evil: wrath, obsession, anger, fear, hatre permanence - he is paralyzed. Barnes smashes him full across the face with the broken s of his M-16. Not even consciously, for at this point, his mind has gone over the edge and the entire world is his e American or Vietnamese, it makes no difference as he stri Chris harder and harder. Chris struggles, moans, his teeth and nose cracked. Barne emits another chilling yell an springs like a humpback up his good right leg, the left bent - set to deliver the ki blow, the mangled rifle pulled to its highest arc.
143) 4) dialog: Nooooooooo!
143) 5) text: The PHANTOM FIGHTER JET comes now like a great white whal One big beautiful monstrous beat of deafening sound. Its  silver and white belly hurtling low over the treeline in giant leap of sound momentarily illuminated by a flare. T a monstrous ROAR of anger. The bomb ripping Barnes off the body of Chris and spittin Chris across the jungle floor - crashing into a tree some yards away.
144) 0) text: FADE BACK IN. Vague sunlight. Blurry. Chris fluttering hi eyes. A sharp MOVEMENT in the bush. His eyes fight their open. SOFT EYES are watching him from behind foliage. A soft, f head, alert, rigidly still. Chris fights his way up to his elbow, in pain, looking at the eyes. The head turns and in one fluid move, bolts. Go Like the wind. A deer. A big brown deer. Or was it? Chris will never be quite sure. But whatever it was, it was sur a sign of grace - the grace of Elias. This he knows as he feels himself for the first time alive. And in pain. His left hand torn and bleeding, shrapnel in his side, cuts on his face, dried blood caking him. Looki around his garden of eden. A messy jungle floor. Cordite  fumes. Burned bush and trees. Torn sandbags. Dead NVA. Bi songs somewhere in the distance. It is the very crack of  dawn, a pink-red sun casting long oblique light patterns  through the trees. A holy light. Chris pushes himself to his feet, feels his weight and th pain. He walks. In the near distance, towards the LZ area there's the sound of Armored Personnel carriers grinding, men moving, calling out in Americanese. But Chris is alon here. He fishes up an AK-47 from a dead NVA. Checks it, a weapo Walks on.
145) 0) text: Past scores of NVA bodies. Past the Foxhole where Bunny l dead in the bottom, faceless. Looking over at Junior bayo to the ground, dead. NVA everywhere around the hole, some them still moving, badly wounded. Chris looking around, then noticing a movement a little  further out in the Jungle. Then he sees who. The uniform is shredded, the figure obviously hurt in sev places (thigh, back, neck, hand) but not mortally so, now struggling to right itself, dragging its face up from a b down position. Streaked with dirt and blood, we see Barne once again re-emerging from the dead. Chris steps over to him, a solemn look on his face. Barne looks up, begs.
145) 2) text: Chris doesn't move. Barnes looks at him again, reading th intention that has crossed Chris' mind. An expression of  surprise crosses his face, then amazement, almost shock.
145) 4) text: Chris shoots him. Once. Twice. Three times. Silence... Barnes is finally dead. Chris looking at the corpse, numbed, no exultation in his expression. Just cold satisfaction and little feeling lef Behind him, the SOUND of a big machine moving. He turns. A huge Nazi flag on an antenna looms up in the bush, foll by the great belly of a turreted dragon crunching down a  tree for its breakfast. A big tough GERMAN SHEPARD comes boudning at him sniffs,  followed by a flak-jacketed MONSTER MAN - filthy and grea unshaven face, earring in his left ear, 'DEATH CORPS' scr on his shirtless flak jacket and a drawing of a death's h he looks like a cross between a pirate and a hell's angel Behind him, a SECOND MONSTER MAN and the ARMORED PERSONNE CARRIER grinding its engine, a human skull hanging from i turret.
145) 6) text: His eyes passing on Chris like so much meat.
145) 8) text: Chris nods. The Soldier pointing to the LZ behind him as sign he should go that way. The other Soldier already  stripping the NVA dead, as the APC grinds on into the jun reconnoitering. Chris walks out of the jungle, head bowed, nauseated, mix feelings roiling him.
149) 0) text: CHRIS is hauled out on a litter. Morphined, his eyes watc it all from somewhere deep in his brain. Passing: Groups of SOLDIERS looking like bowery bums and moving li rats through the smoke and garbage snooping for souvenirs with wheezy tired eyes and grunts of greed. Passing a bulldozed PIT with heaps of NVA BODIES in them. BULLDOZER pushing another set of bodies in, like photos o Nazi death camp. Nearby, two burly SOLDIERS lift a WOMAN NURSE and with a  once-through build for momentum, toss the fresh body into the pit. Chris, numb, goes by.
149) 3) text: CAPTAIN HARRIS doesn't respond; at this point he doesn't  give a shit, standing apart from the radios looking numbl at the remnants of his boys filtering by on litters. Chris intersects him now, Harris' eyes looking blankly, t nodding sickly trying to give him encouragement. Just com to the edge of tears, choking it back, and turning back.  These are his sons who are lost. A good officer. Rodriguez, wounded, is lifted up in his litter and moved to the waiting MEDIVAC CHOPPER, a huge red cross painted a white square. Doc goes by on another litter, then Ace, Adams, Huffmeist etc. Then Francis is littered by, bandages around his leg, a b smile on his face.
149) 5) dialog: Yeah. How 'bout you?
149) 9) dialog: (tries a smile) You bet.
149) 10) text: Chris starts towards it, the Medic assisting him.
151) 4) dialog: I think now, looking back, we did  not fight the enemy, we fought  ourselves - and the enemy was in  us... The war is over for me now,  but it will always be there - the  rest of my days. As I am sure Elias  will be - fighting with Barnes for  what Rhah called possession of my  soul... There are times since I have  felt like the child born of those  two fathers... but be that as it  may, those of us who did make it  have an obligation to build again,  to teach to others what we know and  to try with what's left of our lives  to find a goodness and meaning to  this life...