7) 0) text: Rhah sets his tripflare. Crawford, with him, putting out claymore.
14) 3) dialog: What's O'Neill have a nose up the  lieutenant's ass already, how come  we always get ambush.
29) 0) text: A wooden cabin with some half-dozen seats built over half barrels cut from empty oil drums. A guy is in there, pull up his pants. Chris, King and Crawford, a California blond with a hands honeyed look, are sweating heavily as they roll the barre out from under the outhouse, the smell of human waste str A hot midday emptiness, nobody around except the flies.
29) 2) dialog: (equally pissed) Politics man, fuckin' politics. That  O'Neill man got his nose so far up  Top's ass he gotta be Pinocchio...
29) 4) dialog: Broke a 100. Got 92 to go. April 17.  DEROS man. California this summer.  Waves are good they tell me, surfin's  gonna be good...
29) 7) dialog: (groans) Oh man! Sorry bout that. I can't  even remember when I was 332. You  gotta count backwards like you got  40 days in - think positive.
29) 13) dialog: You volunteered for this shit man?
29) 17) text: King and Crawford share a smile.
29) 19) dialog: Sounds like it.
29) 20) text: They pause, wipe the sweat off. King lighting up a half-s joint, hitting a few puffs, eyes shooting around, making  sure he's not spotted, passing it to Crawford.
29) 29) dialog: Kills the smell of shit anyway.
29) 34) text: King and Crawford chuckle, go on rolling the cans.
30) 0) text: King, Crawford and Chris pour kerosene over the cans at a secure distance from the outhouse. King lights it. The cans pop and start crackling. A line burning barrels. Rings of dirty black smoke rise against soft blue sky. They watch, stoned. Chris turns to both of them.
30) 3) dialog: History, man, history.
30) 6) text: Crawford laughes.
32) 54) dialog: So what she got, hair on her tits.
32) 68) dialog: (sucking in air) Jesus!
34) 2) text: The Hutch looks now like a Turkish bath with minimum  visibility, the smoke fumes dense. They are all up dancin on their feet - King, Tubbs, Big Harold, Hoyt, Lerner,  Crawford, Flash, Doc, Elias - a few light gestures with t hands above shoulder level, passing around the grass pipe while they shuffle, fingers clicking. The song - Smokey  Robinson's "Tracks of My Tears" - accompanies them from a vintage tapedeck.
67) 35) text: Barnes looks around. They all look around. Elias walks right up to him, followed by his men - King,  Rhah, Crawford, others from the rear party. He looks arou The corpse of the Wife... the Young Daughter sobbing.
104) 0) text: Elias - a defiant look on his face - moves fast but cauti back across the Church landmarks. Chris following then Rh and Crawford. The RAIN has now settled into a mist huggin the ground.
106) 2) text: Rhah and Crawford open up. A rachet of sound, one of the  figures seems to go down, then another but at this distan through jungle it is difficult to say. The firing just as suddenly breaks off and the silence returns.
106) 6) text: Crawford, the blond-locked California beach boy, lies on earth, hit in a lung, having difficulty breathing, moanin in a soft undercurrent. Chris runs up on him.
106) 10) dialog: Oh shit man I never thought I'd get  hit, I was... (gagging)
106) 12) text: Barnes appears, running towards them, looking down at  Crawford, at Rhah.
106) 19) text: Chris and Rhah look at Barnes sullenly, then reluctantly  start moving Crawford onto a poncho liner they use as a  litter.
106) 21) text: He's in his blackest rage, the force of his words almost  physically pushing the men to move out with Crawford. Bar turns now to deal with Elias.
113) 0) text: Chris and Rhah get Crawford back to the church grounds, l him down. No activity around them. Chris plunges back int the jungle where they left Barnes.
116) 2) text: Lerner goes by, horribly wounded on a makeshift litter, i the chopper, Doc attending, holding the IV. Chris catching a glimpse of him, waiting to get on the  chopper, turning to look as: Hoyt and Sgt. Warren, both wounded, are hurried aboard on litters. The chopper lifting off. Chris and others now running to the corpses of Flash,  Morehouse, and Fu Sheng lying under dirty ponchos, their  boots sticking out. The ponchos are blown away in a burst wind off the chopper blades, revealing their faces - dirt stuffing their eyes and mouths, waxen figures. Chris and the others lifting them and carrying them towar the next chopper now coming in. They throw the bodies on. Tubbs and Crawford, both wounde now move past Chris, into the chopper. Chris running back with King carrying a litter - their eyes falling on: Barnes talking with Wolfe and Ace, making signals under t roaring sounds of the chopper. Shaking his head. No. No E Chris and King looking at each other, mute. They numbly s loading Big Harold, minus his leg, onto the stretcher. The Third Chopper is down now, waiting, roaring blades  silhouetting off the face of the cathedral. A ROCKET BLAS suddenly goes off not too far from the chopper, incoming  fire. The DOOR GUNNER signaling for them to hurry, laying out fire.