4) 6) text: He grabs Chris's machete out of his hand and bulls his wa into the foliage, tearing it apart, setting a new pace. Chris being bypassed by the column, their eyes on him. He swatting at the red ants that are all over his neck. GARDNER, another new recruit, fat, hustling up to replace him. A big and black medic - DOC - comes over, gentle eyes and manner; with him is Sergeant ELIAS, concerned.
4) 7) dialog: You okay?
4) 9) dialog: (helping him) Yeah, black ants are killers, you  look sick man. You need a little  salt. (reaching into his  satchel)
6) 0) text: We cut close on a pair of grungy feet - the staple of the infantry - moving up to DOC, the Medic, bandaging them fo FU SHENG, a Hawaiin kid.
22) 8) text: The firing has ceased. A silence, punctuated by occasiona shouts and fast moments, has enveloped once more the ceme Doc crashes through the bush, kneels over Tex, who contin to howl in deep pain.
22) 10) dialog: Easy Tex easy boy!
22) 13) dialog: 'Right there.
22) 19) text: Barnes and Big Harold come hustling up. Doc finishes tourniquetting Tex, cradles Chris onto the e his flashlight probing the wound. Tex in background conti to thrash and moan. Chris waits, tensely for the verdict, his eyes big with f on Doc, who takes out his morphine.
22) 22) dialog: (to Chris) ...it's a scratch, nothing to worry  about.
22) 27) dialog: (leaving, to Harold  and Junior) Self-preservation's the first law of  nature. Gotta learn how to work your  shit Taylor. Watch me, don't let 'em  go into shock.
22) 30) text: Tex's eyes roll wildly, uncomprehending. Doc and Big Haro looking at Barnes, wondering. Tex is suddenly silent, sho Barnes stands, an icy glare, goes. Junior scrambles over Tex's side. Doc runs off. Big Harold cradles Chris, his big black hands like a moth reassuring him.
27) 0) text: At one of the positions Doc is working feverishly to knoc the life back into Gardner who lies there, his shirt stri off on his cottage cheese belly. A huge sucking chest wou He's dying. You know it because he knows it. The eyes do talking, numb, terrorized yet strangely detached, accepti not protesting or concerned any longer. Most of the ambush has assembled and is watching, Chris m in to see. Doc is mumbling to him, low key.
27) 1) dialog: Chopper's on the way Gardner, hang  in there, you gonna be okay...
32) 19) text: They go on ad-libbing with each other, teasing Doc, who's fairly straight, saying he wants to go to med school in t fall. 'Be what?''A gynecologist, man.''What dat?' Francis suggests, 'Dats a pussy doctor, man - he's gonna be Docto Feelgood, man!' They're all cracking up, finding every jo funny. As Chris finishes his hit on the pipe, looks up ac the smoke, already dazed, surprised to see ELIAS suddenly there - leaning out of his sling in a far corner of the h A Monkey is draped around his neck with silver bracelets, rings, a necklace - like a sensual little Egyptian whore, Elias playing with it, spaced out in a sleeveless vest, t pants. Dancing eyes on Chris, he swings out the hammock,  comes over with the monkey. Meanwhile Manny has broken into a high falsetto snatch of blues directed at Chris, joined by Big Harold and Francis all of them clicking their hands.
32) 78) dialog: Yeah!
32) 82) dialog: Broken man?
34) 2) text: The Hutch looks now like a Turkish bath with minimum  visibility, the smoke fumes dense. They are all up dancin on their feet - King, Tubbs, Big Harold, Hoyt, Lerner,  Crawford, Flash, Doc, Elias - a few light gestures with t hands above shoulder level, passing around the grass pipe while they shuffle, fingers clicking. The song - Smokey  Robinson's "Tracks of My Tears" - accompanies them from a vintage tapedeck.
45) 2) text: He opens the case. Official-looking documents are inside, they glance through them, lighting cigarettes, the search over, successful, they relax.
45) 5) text: He puts the documents back in the ammo case, lifts it. It the last thing he ever does.
48) 4) text: The Doc running up - one look tells us all we need to kno
48) 5) dialog: Holy Jesus!
67) 19) text: The Woman is still ranting when Barnes turns to her, quit casually levels his M-16, and puts a bullet in her head. She goes down as if pole-axed. A stunned pause. The Chief looking at his wife. The Villa in background reacting. Wolfe looking... Chris looking, shocked. Doc, possibly th straightest of them all, very uncomfortable. They are all shocked in some way, but do nothing against the power of  Barnes. Barnes walks over to the pig pen with the other  Villagers, very casually, confronts them.
91) 9) text: Chris tearing up. Past Flash - the hip black head with th colored beads. He's dead, torn and shredded, his face and eyes stuff with dirt. Next to him Doc is frantically  tourniqueting Tubbs, shot in the legs. He's screaming. Chris keeps moving to the front as if compelled.
101) 0) text: Chris, further back, dumps Lerner with Doc who's got more than he can handle.
101) 2) text: Doc looking at him, a dark look of hopelessness. Lerner i mess, groaning, reaching for Chris' hand.
116) 0) text: TWO CHOPPERS are coming into a LZ in front of the Church. The two platoons, Second and Third, reinforcing, are bein evacuated as quickly as possible, one load (6-8 men, depe on the wounded) after other. The choppers are spraying du all over the place. A scene of chaos, radio talk layering it. Doc is out of supplies, making do with improvised  bandages, etc.
116) 2) text: Lerner goes by, horribly wounded on a makeshift litter, i the chopper, Doc attending, holding the IV. Chris catching a glimpse of him, waiting to get on the  chopper, turning to look as: Hoyt and Sgt. Warren, both wounded, are hurried aboard on litters. The chopper lifting off. Chris and others now running to the corpses of Flash,  Morehouse, and Fu Sheng lying under dirty ponchos, their  boots sticking out. The ponchos are blown away in a burst wind off the chopper blades, revealing their faces - dirt stuffing their eyes and mouths, waxen figures. Chris and the others lifting them and carrying them towar the next chopper now coming in. They throw the bodies on. Tubbs and Crawford, both wounde now move past Chris, into the chopper. Chris running back with King carrying a litter - their eyes falling on: Barnes talking with Wolfe and Ace, making signals under t roaring sounds of the chopper. Shaking his head. No. No E Chris and King looking at each other, mute. They numbly s loading Big Harold, minus his leg, onto the stretcher. The Third Chopper is down now, waiting, roaring blades  silhouetting off the face of the cathedral. A ROCKET BLAS suddenly goes off not too far from the chopper, incoming  fire. The DOOR GUNNER signaling for them to hurry, laying out fire.
117) 0) text: The 'heads' are assembled - what's left of them. Rhah, Ki Francis, Doc, Adam, a quiet black kid, and Chris, who is  impassioned tonight.
117) 6) dialog: Right on, nothing wrong with Barnes  another shot in the head wouldn't  cure.
117) 15) dialog: (correcting) He dug it.
117) 34) text: Almost an appeal - naked, intense. Rhah, Francis, Doc loo away. King, the biggest one there, is about to say something, b the moment passes. Chris waits, his anger on the rise. Barnes takes a swigger from the whiskey, then turns away  contemptuously.
119) 0) text: All this is watched from a distance by Ace and Doc and Lt Wolfe at the Platoon CP. Ace and Doc are digging the foxh the ace of spades in Ace's helmet band, sharing the  information with Tony and Francis.
119) 2) dialog: Shit, so what the fuck are we doing  here? Why don't we move... (no answer) Bad vibes, man, I got bad vibes here.  Where are the new guys they provided  us anyway.
137) 5) text: Doc plops down, out of breath, drained, bleeding all over his chest.
137) 6) dialog: They're coming through all over! I  can't... I can't do...
137) 8) dialog: I think he's dead... it's awful,  they're all dying.
139) 2) text: As he abandons his radio, grabs up his 16 and moves to an adjacent position. Doc, a quiet man up to now, is treatin wounded Parker who is now hit by bullets and thrashes wil and jerks to a stop. He is obviously dead but Doc goes on trying to finish the bandage. Suddenly he goes beserk, gr a 16, starts firing and yelling.
141) 0) text: At the Platoon CP, the NVA are sweeping fast, crouched, u cover, yelling. Small fires are raging all over the perim Ace putting out fire, is hit. The NVA are coming over his sandbags. A burst of fire. Ace goes down. Doc has cracked up, firing at anything, indifferent to hi safety. One of the NVA goes down. The Doc is hit in the s wounded, struggles, is hit again, but keeps trying to fir He's hit a third time - in the jugular vein. Nearby, Wolf is firing madly at the oncoming NVA. One goes down. A sec is wounded, yelling in pain. Wolfe reloading his 16, popp up, too late. One of them is coming over the sandbags. He sees Wolfe. Wolfe sees him. In the same moment. Wolfe hesitates, frozen up. The gook unloads his AK-47, a magazine worth, into Lieutenant Wolfe, who crashes down,  sprawled unnaturally on the jungle floor. A spasm shakes body. Then stops. Dead. Boots run by.
149) 3) text: CAPTAIN HARRIS doesn't respond; at this point he doesn't  give a shit, standing apart from the radios looking numbl at the remnants of his boys filtering by on litters. Chris intersects him now, Harris' eyes looking blankly, t nodding sickly trying to give him encouragement. Just com to the edge of tears, choking it back, and turning back.  These are his sons who are lost. A good officer. Rodriguez, wounded, is lifted up in his litter and moved to the waiting MEDIVAC CHOPPER, a huge red cross painted a white square. Doc goes by on another litter, then Ace, Adams, Huffmeist etc. Then Francis is littered by, bandages around his leg, a b smile on his face.