9) 0) text: KING looks like a king. A lion of a black man but with a  sleepy, gentle face, not to be roused, is painfully tryin to scrawl a letter home with the pencil held awkwardly,  mouthing the words. FRANCIS, a young baby-faced black wit long lashes and soft eyes, peeks over his shoulder, shaki his head.
9) 1) dialog: Shit, King, it ain't d-e-r-e man,  it's d-e-a-r, and Sara don't have no  two r's in it, fool. Shame on you.
14) 4) dialog: Politics, man, politics. We always  getting fucked around here.
25) 2) dialog: Shit I blew my claymore right in one  dude's face and I seen him walking  around afterwards.
32) 19) text: They go on ad-libbing with each other, teasing Doc, who's fairly straight, saying he wants to go to med school in t fall. 'Be what?''A gynecologist, man.''What dat?' Francis suggests, 'Dats a pussy doctor, man - he's gonna be Docto Feelgood, man!' They're all cracking up, finding every jo funny. As Chris finishes his hit on the pipe, looks up ac the smoke, already dazed, surprised to see ELIAS suddenly there - leaning out of his sling in a far corner of the h A Monkey is draped around his neck with silver bracelets, rings, a necklace - like a sensual little Egyptian whore, Elias playing with it, spaced out in a sleeveless vest, t pants. Dancing eyes on Chris, he swings out the hammock,  comes over with the monkey. Meanwhile Manny has broken into a high falsetto snatch of blues directed at Chris, joined by Big Harold and Francis all of them clicking their hands.
32) 42) dialog: How much she weigh man?
32) 44) dialog: (sarcastic) Daisy Mae what?
32) 51) dialog: Sure.
32) 63) dialog: Get outta here, she married...
32) 75) dialog: Hey man didn't you say she had black  hair?
34) 0) text: Francis, the baby-faced black, and Manny, green shades  covering his skinny face, lead with a high blues falsetto
34) 1) dialog: (singing) 'People say I'm the life of the party  cause I tell a joke or two Although  I may be laughing loud and hardy   Deep inside I'm blue...
56) 3) text: There is no answer. The men in the platoon start to look each other, sensing more trouble. Elias heads into the bush after him. Barnes watches him g Francis, his friend, and Tubbs and King follow.
56) 4) dialog: Hey man whatcha doing... where you  at? Get your black ass back in here!
57) 0) text: Out on the flank position, where he once stood, Elias wal out, looks. The jungle is silent once again. Francis, Tub King follow. The others - Barnes, Lt.Wolfe, Warren, Chris Rhah...
57) 1) dialog: (whispering loudly) Manny?... Manny?
63) 0) text: The sun is sittin there hot and high in the sky. Chris, strangling in heat, a demented look on his face,  staggers into a hutch with Francis.
64) 2) dialog: Hey take it easy man. They're scared.
64) 4) text: Francis doesn't recognize him in his rage. Bunny now comi in, followed by O'Neill, drawn by the shouting.
66) 3) text: The couple, hands raised, muttering things in Vietnamese, don't understand a word, shaking their heads stupidly and smiling that impassive Oriental smile which sends Chris i a rage only he can understand. His finger closes on the trigger of his 16. Francis, the baby-faced black, looks nervously, sensing t danger... Bunny amused, drawn in by Chris. O'Neill watche passively from the lip of the hutch. The Young Man continues to grin, not seeming to realize t degree of danger he's in, which is what Chris wants - a t sign of acquiescence. There is also the added element of  showing off his manhood in front of an audience now.
66) 8) dialog: (leaves) Let's get out of here man.
67) 29) text: Chris' eyes... Rodriguez next to him, is neutral but will Francis is hesitant. Fu Sheng and Junior are ready to go for it. Lt. Wolfe is  powerless, frozen. Sgt. Warren stepping up. The massacre is just about to br The Villagers know it, kneel in prayer, mutter. Barnes suddenly grabs and drags a young 19 year-old Woman the Village Chief's daughter, across the pen, throws her  down on her knees, in front of the stunned Village Chief. She's screaming.
85) 0) text: The Platoon moves along a shallow STREAM bordering the ju A thick RAIN falls amid cracks of distant thunder. Chris, Rhah, Francis, Big Harold, others are at the rear of the  platoon, their ponchos pulled over them like big sad grey tents. There's a holdup ahead and the Men rest on rocks o stand. The rain makes a pointilistic pattern, the men col of grey, their rifles slung upside down to keep dry. Barnes is up ahead, out of the stream bank, on the radio.
88) 2) dialog: Hey Big Harold, put dat in your turkey  loaf it won't come out your back  end.
88) 6) dialog: Gonna cut your pecker down to size  hunh Big Harold?
88) 10) dialog: You gonna get some for me back in  the World, Harold? Whatcha gonna do? (dreaming of it)
90) 5) dialog: DOC! Over here - we got... one...  two down. Warren's hit.
93) 0) text: Chris comes alongside Francis near the point, throws hims down. Banging his head against his helmet as he falls. Th incoming rounds are tearing up the front of the platoon.
93) 2) dialog: (terrified) Out there man - behind the log.
93) 5) text: His eyes moving to Sgt. Warren lying alongside a tree - c trying to stack his intestines back into his ruptured sto Another RPG comes in. Chris makes a conscious decision, moves up - bit by bit,  shielding himself with tree stumps, ant hills, laying out fire, trying to get closer to Lerner. Francis following his progress, bug-eyed. Fu Sheng now comes up with his M-60 - Harold his loader,  belts of ammo flapping against their bodies. He fires fro the hip, providing cover fire for Chris, then pops down.
94) 4) text: Fu Sheng laying out fire to protect them, Harold splittin off to get more ammo. Chris getting Lerner to his feet, hauling him back with a his strength, past Francis...
117) 0) text: The 'heads' are assembled - what's left of them. Rhah, Ki Francis, Doc, Adam, a quiet black kid, and Chris, who is  impassioned tonight.
117) 10) dialog: How you figger that?
117) 34) text: Almost an appeal - naked, intense. Rhah, Francis, Doc loo away. King, the biggest one there, is about to say something, b the moment passes. Chris waits, his anger on the rise. Barnes takes a swigger from the whiskey, then turns away  contemptuously.
119) 0) text: All this is watched from a distance by Ace and Doc and Lt Wolfe at the Platoon CP. Ace and Doc are digging the foxh the ace of spades in Ace's helmet band, sharing the  information with Tony and Francis.
119) 4) dialog: You kidding man...
120) 28) text: Francis coming up, hauling his pack.
129) 0) text: On their foxhole, Chris and Francis wait anxiously. Overh the ARTILLERY keeps pounding into the ambush area. Now SM ARMS FIRE can be heard picking up at random spots along t perimeter. The battle, like a tide, is obviously moving c to them.
129) 1) dialog: Oh shit me I wish I was back in  Memphis now, oooh baby this is gonna  be a motherfucker!
129) 13) dialog: Oh shit! Dat's it, dat's it...
129) 15) text: FLARES now shoot up over the perimeter. Reds, greens, yel squeaking as they float down on their parachute hinges  throughout the ensuing battle. The perimeter is illuminat at spotty intervals - sometimes arctic bright, sometimes  unexplainably dark til new flares shoot up. Chris, Francis, Rhah all look up at the light, and hug th holes even tighter, feeling naked in the light. Flares cu both ways.
129) 17) text: Runs out of the foxhole. Chris suddenly reacting to a noi out front, gripping Francis and pointing to the sound. A BODY is thrashing towards them, about twenty-five yards not yet visible but a little awkward and lungy in it's  movement, as if desperate. Francis, tense, is about to pop his grenade when Chris gr him.
129) 20) dialog: Come on man!
129) 29) dialog: (points) Back there.
129) 32) text: He tears off, leaving Francis in a state of incipient pan He looks at Chris.
129) 33) dialog: Taylor, let's di-di man!
129) 36) text: Francis hesitates, stays.
134) 0) text: In their foxhole, Chris and Francis look at the curling b of flame, stunned.
135) 2) text: SHAPES moving in the trees. Chris blows his claymore hand One explosion on top of the other out front. Then return  fire. Flashes from a muzzle, rak-a-tak, rak-a-tak, rak-a- tak, the heavier sound of an AK-47. Chris opening up with his 16. Then being blown down by a  grenade explosion at the edge of the foxhole. Then nothin A pause. Chris' ears ringing, slightly concussed. Suddenly from down the perimeter there is the sound of a  faulty LOUDSPEAKER crackling out from the jungle. A pidge English, the words mauled, then a snatch of patriotic Nor Vietnamese music, played from a scratchy old record. Chris uneasy, looking at Francis who looks terrified. The SOUND now of a whistle. Two hoots, then a sharp third. Th yelling. Chris grabbing Francis' arm, pointing. There is a VOICE  directly out to the front of them - muttering something i Vietnamese, no more than 20 yards away but unseen. It's l hearing a casual conversation from another room, then the sounds of several bodies moving in separate directions -  encompassing the foxhole.
135) 4) text: Chris crawls out, stops, looks back. Francis won't leave, hugs the shelter.
135) 6) text: Reaches in and yanks him with all his strength half out o the hole. Francis, finally sparked, now moves out. Both o them bellying it into the brush behind the hole. Not a moment too soon. An RPG ROCKET whistling in. The FOXHOLE takes a direct hit, caving in, whirls of smok spinning off it. Chris and Francis look back covered with debris. They hea movement. SHADOWS are swarming towards the foxhole, firing into it finish them off. Francis grabs Chris' leg, indicating they get out of ther Chris hesitates - a moment, a decision made now in angry  passion - rises up and charges the NVA. SHADOWS scatter and tumble, caught by his surprise close- range fire. Chris moving forward into them, blasting, agile, his inst finely tuned, and totally insane in this moment of time,  indifferent to his life. He YELLS insanities, pumping him up with the adrenaline of courage.
135) 8) text: Screams from the dark shadows, they fall. Chris smashing a wounded SHADOW with the butt of his gun  down into the foxhole. He jumps back into it, reoccupying it. Blasting the dead gook. Opening fire out to the front, driving the Shadows back. Francis watching this, amazed. After a moment of doubt, h too tears back out to join Chris in the foxhole, unbeliev as he jumps in with him.
135) 9) dialog: (joining in the frenzy) YAAAAAHHHH!!!! KILLLLL!!!
146) 0) text: In another foxhole, Francis waits, the sounds of the  approaching APC cutting through. He thinks about it a mom It must be fast. It must be a hard cold decision. Now! He pulls out his K-bar and with one last anguished hesita drives it into his thigh muscle. Francis yells out and collapses in his hole.
149) 3) text: CAPTAIN HARRIS doesn't respond; at this point he doesn't  give a shit, standing apart from the radios looking numbl at the remnants of his boys filtering by on litters. Chris intersects him now, Harris' eyes looking blankly, t nodding sickly trying to give him encouragement. Just com to the edge of tears, choking it back, and turning back.  These are his sons who are lost. A good officer. Rodriguez, wounded, is lifted up in his litter and moved to the waiting MEDIVAC CHOPPER, a huge red cross painted a white square. Doc goes by on another litter, then Ace, Adams, Huffmeist etc. Then Francis is littered by, bandages around his leg, a b smile on his face.
149) 4) dialog: Hey Taylor, you okay man?
149) 6) dialog: Jes' fine man, jes fine! Ain't never  felt better! Both of us two timers  man, we're out. (gives him a slap as  he goes by) See you at the hospital man, we gonna  get high-high yessir... (goes off)