6) 0) text: We cut close on a pair of grungy feet - the staple of the infantry - moving up to DOC, the Medic, bandaging them fo FU SHENG, a Hawaiin kid.
33) 15) text: Lt. WOLFE wanders down the aisle, beer in hand, slightly  lonely, bypassing FU SHENG, the Hawaiin and TONY, a musta hairy-browed Italian kid from Boston, who are playing som kind of dice game. They hardly acknowledge the Lieutenant who stops by RODRIGUEZ, the Mexican-American kid who is o his cot in his neatly arranged area writing a letter home with a pencil, forming his words with his mouth, as alway minding his own business. Religious objects comprise his decorations.
62) 7) dialog: (hustling up to Barnes) Sarge, we found some shit!
65) 0) text: Barnes stares down at a WEAPONS CACHE buried cleverly  underneath the rice urns. Ace, Fu Sheng, Sgt. Warren, Lt. Wolfe, others, are digging it out. It's in white plastic  wrappings - a load of AK-47's, rockets, grenades, claymor carbines, flares, NVA uniforms. A real find.
67) 29) text: Chris' eyes... Rodriguez next to him, is neutral but will Francis is hesitant. Fu Sheng and Junior are ready to go for it. Lt. Wolfe is  powerless, frozen. Sgt. Warren stepping up. The massacre is just about to br The Villagers know it, kneel in prayer, mutter. Barnes suddenly grabs and drags a young 19 year-old Woman the Village Chief's daughter, across the pen, throws her  down on her knees, in front of the stunned Village Chief. She's screaming.
70) 0) text: Fu Sheng yelling 'FIRE IN THE HOLE!' throws white phospho into the rice stores.
88) 16) text: The men start slogging on against the rain. Junior is drinking from the stream, as Fu Sheng passes.
88) 17) dialog: Don't drink that asshole. You're  gonna get malaria.
93) 5) text: His eyes moving to Sgt. Warren lying alongside a tree - c trying to stack his intestines back into his ruptured sto Another RPG comes in. Chris makes a conscious decision, moves up - bit by bit,  shielding himself with tree stumps, ant hills, laying out fire, trying to get closer to Lerner. Francis following his progress, bug-eyed. Fu Sheng now comes up with his M-60 - Harold his loader,  belts of ammo flapping against their bodies. He fires fro the hip, providing cover fire for Chris, then pops down.
94) 4) text: Fu Sheng laying out fire to protect them, Harold splittin off to get more ammo. Chris getting Lerner to his feet, hauling him back with a his strength, past Francis...
96) 0) text: Fu Sheng is laying out fire when he senses something, loo up. The artillery shell sounds too close. Getting bigger bigger on the horizon. Too big, too loud. A groan of fear his face, then knowledge. Then... a huge EXPLOSION engulf him.
116) 2) text: Lerner goes by, horribly wounded on a makeshift litter, i the chopper, Doc attending, holding the IV. Chris catching a glimpse of him, waiting to get on the  chopper, turning to look as: Hoyt and Sgt. Warren, both wounded, are hurried aboard on litters. The chopper lifting off. Chris and others now running to the corpses of Flash,  Morehouse, and Fu Sheng lying under dirty ponchos, their  boots sticking out. The ponchos are blown away in a burst wind off the chopper blades, revealing their faces - dirt stuffing their eyes and mouths, waxen figures. Chris and the others lifting them and carrying them towar the next chopper now coming in. They throw the bodies on. Tubbs and Crawford, both wounde now move past Chris, into the chopper. Chris running back with King carrying a litter - their eyes falling on: Barnes talking with Wolfe and Ace, making signals under t roaring sounds of the chopper. Shaking his head. No. No E Chris and King looking at each other, mute. They numbly s loading Big Harold, minus his leg, onto the stretcher. The Third Chopper is down now, waiting, roaring blades  silhouetting off the face of the cathedral. A ROCKET BLAS suddenly goes off not too far from the chopper, incoming  fire. The DOOR GUNNER signaling for them to hurry, laying out fire.