1) 2) dialog: (next to Chris,  Southern accent) That what I think it is?
4) 6) text: He grabs Chris's machete out of his hand and bulls his wa into the foliage, tearing it apart, setting a new pace. Chris being bypassed by the column, their eyes on him. He swatting at the red ants that are all over his neck. GARDNER, another new recruit, fat, hustling up to replace him. A big and black medic - DOC - comes over, gentle eyes and manner; with him is Sergeant ELIAS, concerned.
14) 5) text: Chris is scared, nervous with his last-minute equipment  adjustments, his pack obviously overweight for a night mi as he hauls it up. Gardner, the other new boy, is jovial in contrast, his wa extended towards Chris.
14) 6) dialog: Hey Chris, I show you a picture of  Lucy Jean?
14) 8) text: Gardner shows him his girl. She's real dog u-g-l-y, and w makes it worse is Gardner's put the standard photo of Raq Welch alongside it, tits and all. But he misses the irony it.
14) 9) dialog: (admiring) Yeah she's the one all right... that's  Lucy Jean. She's a-waiting for me.
14) 11) text: Gardner puts it away. Elias appears alongside them, check their packs out, takes out Chris's poncho liner and other items. He carries a modified M-16 with a short barrel and collapsible stock.
20) 0) text: Gardner, freaking out, stands crouched, confused, tries t run, collapses.
27) 0) text: At one of the positions Doc is working feverishly to knoc the life back into Gardner who lies there, his shirt stri off on his cottage cheese belly. A huge sucking chest wou He's dying. You know it because he knows it. The eyes do talking, numb, terrorized yet strangely detached, accepti not protesting or concerned any longer. Most of the ambush has assembled and is watching, Chris m in to see. Doc is mumbling to him, low key.
27) 2) text: But Gardner seems unconcerned. Things are going on in his head - who knows what. And in his eyes there are big tear rolling. Then a morphine smile. A sort of goofy Gardner s maybe thinking about Lucy Jean, who knows. He's dead.
151) 5) text: The music surges now to its full strength as we replay bi of film with each actor's name listed - some with silly,  clowning looks, others sober, haunted. Gardner, Tex, King Rhah, Lerner, Sanderson, Manny, Big Harold - all the boys and then Barnes staring quietly into the camera, and last Elias - shirt off, bowl of grass in hand, his big, beauti smile.