12) 1) dialog: (a whining high voice) Hey Big Harold, gimme your peaches  for the fruitcake man.
12) 3) dialog: C'mon man, didn't I do you right  that time I give you the turkey loaf  for the ham and lima beans shit.
12) 5) text: They're both black, Junior with huge goggle eyes and a fa of pimples and pockmarks, his teeth yellowed and decayed, some of them missing. Harold is about twice his size, abo 250 pounds, a baby huey concentrating real hard on prepar his stove to eat with.
12) 6) dialog: Youse a pig man. I hope Manny get  dat laundry gig for' you do.
12) 8) dialog: He's a fool alright but you a bigger  fool. Hey, whiteboy, watcha waiting  for - dat hole ain't gonna dig  itself...
12) 9) text: Chris looks up, continues working, as Junior chuckles.
12) 10) dialog: Hey Taylor, you don't know it but I  saved your ass today. I killed a  shit-eating dog. (laughing)
12) 12) dialog: You gonna wipe your ass dis time?
14) 2) dialog: (under his breath) Goddamn ain't no justice round here,  you break your ass for de white man...  gonna get our act together, do some  rappin' wid de brothers, change  things...
17) 10) text: Suddenly a series of resonant SNORES crack through the ju Chris starts, then sees it's from JUNIOR lying out there, spreadeagled in the rain. Chris prods him.
17) 12) dialog: Unh?... Unh.
17) 14) text: Bending low into his eardrum. Junior never wakes, rolls o with a growl. Silence.
18) 4) text: He moves towards Junior, shakes him, but Junior seems to out of this world.
18) 6) text: Junior opens one dead eye.
18) 8) text: Junior scowls, swears, looks around for his rifle in the  mud. Chris crawls back to his position, curling himself up in soaked poncho, teeth chattering from the cold, rain  splattering over him. A long beat. He sighs, the sigh kic off the next image.
19) 0) text: Chris jerks awake - very suddenly, very frightened. THE R HAS STOPPED. The jungle sounds are loud. Cicadas, night  animals, water dripping hypnotically from leaf to leaf. A the whirr of a million mosquitoes out after the rains, ch at Chris' face. He looks around, startled. Tex is asleep. Junior is asleep. What happened? He looks his watch. The mosquitoes are eating him alive. He buries his head in his green towel which he wears around his nec but he can't see. A beat. He moves again, miserable from bites. Another beat. Then suddenly the sounds of the jung shift - some of the animals dropping out. A different ton A piece of wood is stepped on, a rustle of bush... Chris sees something, lifts an edge of the towel to peek  out. A shadow of a figure is frozen there in front of him abou 15 yards. It looks like a man. But it doesn't move. At al It listens. Chris, his heart in his mouth, tries to peer through it.  It's a bush. It has to be. No human being could stand tha still. His heartbeats are up. The moments take forever. B deep down - somewhere in his psyche - he knows who it is. The figure now shifts, ever so slightly - and moves. It I human being. Oh my God! Chris looks around. Tex seems like a mile away. Why doesn anyone fire! He casts a desperate look at his rifle, at h grenades encrusted with mud, but in spite of all his trai he is frozen with indecision and fear at the sight of his enemy. The figure seems to whisper something back, then turns an comes down the trail. Now a second and third figure appea behind him - all in helmets and packs. All coming right p Chris' position. Ten yards. Nine. Chris is rigid with terror. Stark eyes. Pleading with Tex wake up, but out of reach. He is about to have an anxiety attack, his heartbeats so far up he is sure they will hea him. The first figure is now directly in front of Chris on the trail, looking left and right. A rattle of his equipment, creak of leather. A smell. The man's face now catches the moonlight and his eyes come around on Chris. Oriental eyes. Looking right at him. Startled. Chris star back, hypnotized. It all happens very fast. The figure mu something in Vietnamese. A warning. He swivels. A flash of muzzle fire. A raking cough of automatic fire. grenade explosion. Chris is hurled to the ground, helmet bouncing off, scatt confused, jarred. All hell breaks loose around him with N and SHOUTS. Tex, kissing the ground, is yelling at him.
22) 0) text: An explosion. Chris hits the deck. Tex is now on the M-60 machine gun, yelling at Junior who cringing on the ground.
22) 4) text: His hand and wrist are gone, his face in the dirt. Junior fumbling around, trying to stay down and help him at the  same time.
22) 5) dialog: (grabbing Tex's gun) DOC! GET UP HERE! TEX IS HIT!
22) 16) text: Chris watching, suddenly feels himself dizzy, instinctive runs his hands over the back of his neck. Feels the warm  blood there. A moan comes from his lips. Junior looks at  him.
22) 17) dialog: Oh shit, Doc he's hit too.
22) 20) dialog: (to Barnes, pointing  at Chris) That dumb fuck didn't blow his  claymore!
22) 25) dialog: (to Barnes) He let 'em walk right up on us. He  was sleeping on his shift.
22) 30) text: Tex's eyes roll wildly, uncomprehending. Doc and Big Haro looking at Barnes, wondering. Tex is suddenly silent, sho Barnes stands, an icy glare, goes. Junior scrambles over Tex's side. Doc runs off. Big Harold cradles Chris, his big black hands like a moth reassuring him.
22) 35) dialog: (muttering darkly) Don babytalk him man. Cocksucker  fell asleep. They walked right up on  us, he don do shit.
27) 9) dialog: (muttering) Let de white boy carry his ass, he  this dude that got him fucked up.   Who'd be hauling his ass if that was  a brother laying there?
33) 0) text: In comparison to the darkness of the hooch, a highly lit  atmosphere, attracting bugs... dusty gear lying around a  disordered hooch, loud and finger-snapping COUNTRY WESTER MUSIC playing from a tape deck, a well-known tune, circa  1967. BUNNY, the 18 year-old angel face, totters drunk with a C 45 beer in hand, over to JUNIOR, the badass black kid wit the zits, who just lies there on his cot sweating, doing  nothing.
33) 2) dialog: (irritated as always) Fuck that redneck noise, dude. All  dem chicks be rappin' how dey losin'  der' ho's and how dey ain't got no  bread for beer. Fuck dat honky shit.  Got to get me some motown jams, dig  it?
33) 4) dialog: Das right dude. You be tryin' to  string de black man out on dat shit  and keep him DOWN. Time's be coming,  my man, when de black man's gonna  throw off that yoke.
33) 6) dialog: (turns away, bored) Don you worry Bunny, youse a killer  anyway.
33) 8) dialog: Youse so fucked up man.
33) 10) dialog: Yeah, you had a piece of pussy on a  plate in front of you, you'd probably  kill it.
33) 12) dialog: Sure, you probably stick it in tween  her knees and think youse there.
33) 14) dialog: Only way you'd get some pussy is  your bitch dies and wills it to you -  and then maybe.
65) 2) text: Barnes walking with him over to an undercover rice silo b dug out by Tubbs and Junior. Barnes looks it over.
67) 15) dialog: He's lying through his teeth!
67) 29) text: Chris' eyes... Rodriguez next to him, is neutral but will Francis is hesitant. Fu Sheng and Junior are ready to go for it. Lt. Wolfe is  powerless, frozen. Sgt. Warren stepping up. The massacre is just about to br The Villagers know it, kneel in prayer, mutter. Barnes suddenly grabs and drags a young 19 year-old Woman the Village Chief's daughter, across the pen, throws her  down on her knees, in front of the stunned Village Chief. She's screaming.
76) 0) text: In a ditch running alongside the Village, partially conce by foliage and anthills, Tony, Morehouse, and the ubiquit Bunny have a 12-YEAR-OLD VIETNAMESE GIRL pinned to the gr gagged and squirming, naked. They are fucking her to deat Junior looks on, both curious and disgusted, but doesn't  take part.
76) 7) text: He seems disconnected, dazed by the sun, like he's talkin to dogs - loud, repetitive words coming out of an anger h can barely control, trying to restore some sanity to a wo gone totally nuts today. Don't they understand? Don't the have any sense of a mind? Any kind of decency? The Men looking at him as if he's the one who's gone nuts not them. Bunny looking at Morehouse looking at Tony look at Junior. The irony is lost on them, as Chris pushes thr to help the poor girl put her scanty clothes back on.
88) 16) text: The men start slogging on against the rain. Junior is drinking from the stream, as Fu Sheng passes.
88) 18) dialog: Shit I hope so!
102) 0) text: Sgt. O'Neill, scared out of his mind, hugging the earth,  tries to crawl into a small cut in the ground but finds i occupied by a cringing Junior.
122) 0) text: On another foxhole, Barnes in full pack checks the soles Junior's bare feet. Bunny and O'Neill looking on. Junior moaning as if he's dying, overdoing it by a mile.
122) 4) dialog: (cracks) DEN COURTMARTIAL ME MOTHERFUCKAH,  bust my ass, send me to fucking Long  Binh, do your worst but I ain't  walking no more. De white man done  got his last klik outta me. Get some  chuck dude to hump this shit.
122) 9) text: Junior's eyes bulge with suspicion and sudden terror, his demeanor totally alert now.
122) 11) dialog: No! Wait! I'll walk, fuck you I'll  walk, I don't need this shit! I don't  need this shit!
124) 0) text: On his foxhole, Junior listening to the distant firing. B is introspective - talking to Junior as if he were his be friend, although they have nothing in common.
124) 2) text: Junior looks at him like he's really crazy. Back to the  distant firing.
124) 3) dialog: (pissed now) Fuck! I gotta be on this hole with  YOU man. I just know I shouldna come!
136) 2) text: Junior, huddled in the hole with him, speechless and  terrified, looks at him with huge eyes. The guy is nuts. incoming grenade explosion shakes the hole.
136) 4) dialog: Fuck this shit! I ain't dyin' in no  white man's war! Ise didi-ing this  motherfuckah!
136) 5) text: Junior freaks out, throws his rifle down and hobbles out the hole on his damaged feet at an incredible speed.
136) 7) text: A SHAPE suddenly out of nowhere, looms up fast behind Bun running at him. Junior, insane now with fear, runs smack into a tree, kno senseless and reeling to the ground. Bunny turning back too late. The crazy drug-high Shape is yelling something like:
136) 9) text: And jumps right into the hole blasting Bunny point-blank the chest. Bunny struggling to consciousness at the bottom of the ho THUCK! A boot in the gaping hole where his chest was. Bun his eyes uncomprehending. A muzzle is jammed into his mou breaking his teeth with an ugly sound. Another yell from NVA trooper. A flash of orange red light. Bunny's face bl to bits. Junior, dizzy from the blow to his head, looks up. A yellow flare somewhere out there and a SHADOW above him digging a bayonet into his belly with a grunt. A long ooz sigh of belly gas. An explosion. The Shadow with the bayonet staggering blin without eyes, holding his brains with his hands. Barnes throws open the empty LAAW rocket casing he has ju fired off and charges forward with a yell, cutting down  another NVA in Bunny's old foxhole. Jumping into the hole the bottom of which is a liquid pit of guts, blood, ooze. Another Enemy running in on him. A short burst of fire. B hit. Firing into each other. Barnes draggin him down into the pit with him, grappling alongside the corpse of Bunny Barnes uses an entrenching tool to finish him off.
145) 0) text: Past scores of NVA bodies. Past the Foxhole where Bunny l dead in the bottom, faceless. Looking over at Junior bayo to the ground, dead. NVA everywhere around the hole, some them still moving, badly wounded. Chris looking around, then noticing a movement a little  further out in the Jungle. Then he sees who. The uniform is shredded, the figure obviously hurt in sev places (thigh, back, neck, hand) but not mortally so, now struggling to right itself, dragging its face up from a b down position. Streaked with dirt and blood, we see Barne once again re-emerging from the dead. Chris steps over to him, a solemn look on his face. Barne looks up, begs.