1) 6) text: As they move out, Chris' eyes moving with the body bags b loaded onto the plane. Moving over now to a motley HALF D VETERANS bypassing them on their way to the plane. They l happy. Very happy, chatting it up. They pass the newboys - and they shake their heads, their eyes full of an almost mocking pity.
1) 8) text: Chris looking at them. They pass, except for the last man who walks slower than the rest, a slight limp. His eyes f on Chris. They're frightening eyes, starved, hollow, sunken deep in his face, black and dangerous. The clammy pallor of malar clings to him as he looks at Chris through decayed black  teeth. Then the sun flares out on him and he's past. And  Chris looks back. Disturbed. It's as if the man was not r For a moment there. As if he were a ghost. Chris walking, duffel bag on the shoulder, looks up at th lollipop sun burning a hole through the sky. A rushing SO now. Of frightening intensity, an effect combining the bl of an airplane with the roar of a lion as we hardcut to:
2) 0) text: The sun matches the intensity of the previous shot as we  move down into thick green jungle. We hear the sound of M coming, a lot of men. The thwack of a machete. Brush bein bulled. We wait. They are getting close. The CREDITS continue to run. SUBTITLE reads: December 1967 - Bravo Company, 25th Infan Division - Somewhere near the Cambodian Border. A sweating white face comes into view. CHRIS - cutting po Machete in one hand, whacking out a path for the platoon, 16 in the other, he looks like he's on the verge of heat  exhaustion. Breathing too hard, pacing himself all wrong, bumping into things, tripping, not quite falling, he look pathetic here in the naturalness of the jungle. An urban  transplant, slightly neurotic and getting more so. His rucksack is coming apart as well, about 70 badly pack pounds banging noisily. Behind him BARNES now comes, the Platoon Sergeant. Then t RTO, his radio man, humming lightly. Others are behind, t column snaking back deep into the brush. We cut around some FACES of the Platoon - all to be seen  later. Young faces, hard and dirty after weeks in the fie exhausted yet alert, fatigues filthy, slept-in, torn,  personalized, hair way past regulation length, medals,  bandannas. A jungle army. Boys. Chris glancing down at his raw bleeding blisters. Transfe the machete to his other, slightly less blistered, hand. kid cuts on - struggling but trying, on his last reserves strength, smashing almost straight forward through brush, not even bothering to look ahead. He smells something, lo around, slows his pace, eyes working... around to the bas of a tree. He moves past it. And as he does so, the camera from his POV comes around o dead decomposing 10-day-old GOOK - eyes starting from its sockets, worms and flies feasting. Chris draws his breath in, terrified. Barnes suddenly app alongside, his hard humourless eyes looking annoyed from gook to Chris.
4) 10) text: Sergeant Elias, a handsome, graceful dark-haired Indian k of 23, the squad sergeant, is taking items out of Chris'  pack - air mattress, extra unnecessary clothing, extra  canteens, grenades, gas mask, books.
4) 12) text: Chris nodding, grateful, panting. The men passing, watching. Chris sorry about this, trying keep up face. BUNNY, a young 18 year-old with an angel's face, is pissi in the dead gook's face. KING passes, glances at him.
4) 13) dialog: You're a sick mother Bunny.
9) 0) text: KING looks like a king. A lion of a black man but with a  sleepy, gentle face, not to be roused, is painfully tryin to scrawl a letter home with the pencil held awkwardly,  mouthing the words. FRANCIS, a young baby-faced black wit long lashes and soft eyes, peeks over his shoulder, shaki his head.
9) 2) text: King shrugs, a sleepy stoned voice.
9) 3) dialog: Don't matter, she knows what it  means... an she don't read too good  nohow...
10) 0) text: Sgt. Elias washes himself, attentive to his body, slender and well-muscled, and extremely handsome youth. Of Indian blood, with long black hair, generous smile, wide facial  bone structure, gypsy eyes, and the cleanest white teeth, could be a young Greek god. He is given somewhat to panac a silver wristband on his arm, a bandanna of black parach silk hanging from his neck, his fatigues tightened down a the ankle, he pulls his pants down, checking for crotch r applying talcum powder to the area, his buttocks facing u LERNER, a white kid, 19, from Florida, stopping to admire the frontal view.
11) 0) text: At the COMPANY COMMAND POST a beehive of activity with it four radios, personnel, some Vietnamese scouts milling ar CAPTAIN HARRIS is running down a field map with his THREE LIEUTENANTS. Harris, a broad-shouldered fine-looking mili specimen with the requisite Southern accent and football  coach mannerism, is directing his remark to 2nd Platoon's LT. WOLFE, who looks a little nervous.
12) 0) text: Elsewhere, Chris scrapes out a foxhole, his shirt off,  bandanna around his head, the work hot and heavy. TEX is out there setting the claymore as BIG HAROLD and J start breaking down their C's.
12) 9) text: Chris looks up, continues working, as Junior chuckles.
12) 15) text: As he speaks, we cut around to various shots of the plato members on the perimeter - shaving, eating, cooking, play etc...
13) 0) text: Towards the end of this voice over, we cut to Sgt. BARNES moving towards the PLATOON PC. A powerful face, a quiet,  angry fixed stare, a thick trimmed moustache that helps  conceal a network of plastic surgery grafts and scars. Th distortion from the jaw up the left side of his face to h forehead, punctuated by a severe indentation above the le eye where a bullet once penetrated his skull. Walking with him is Sgt. O'NEILL as they join WOLFE, Sgts ELIAS and WARREN at the PLATOON PC where they're huddled  over maps. Warren is a black, thin, tall, paranoid man wi untrusting eyes, silent and bitter.
14) 19) text: As he follows King, on point, out the perimeter. A single file.
18) 0) text: Later. A pool of muddy water has formed, in which a pair buttocks sit. Move up to Chris still on duty, looking at watch, drawn, drenched, pathetic, rainwater coursing down his face.
19) 0) text: Chris jerks awake - very suddenly, very frightened. THE R HAS STOPPED. The jungle sounds are loud. Cicadas, night  animals, water dripping hypnotically from leaf to leaf. A the whirr of a million mosquitoes out after the rains, ch at Chris' face. He looks around, startled. Tex is asleep. Junior is asleep. What happened? He looks his watch. The mosquitoes are eating him alive. He buries his head in his green towel which he wears around his nec but he can't see. A beat. He moves again, miserable from bites. Another beat. Then suddenly the sounds of the jung shift - some of the animals dropping out. A different ton A piece of wood is stepped on, a rustle of bush... Chris sees something, lifts an edge of the towel to peek  out. A shadow of a figure is frozen there in front of him abou 15 yards. It looks like a man. But it doesn't move. At al It listens. Chris, his heart in his mouth, tries to peer through it.  It's a bush. It has to be. No human being could stand tha still. His heartbeats are up. The moments take forever. B deep down - somewhere in his psyche - he knows who it is. The figure now shifts, ever so slightly - and moves. It I human being. Oh my God! Chris looks around. Tex seems like a mile away. Why doesn anyone fire! He casts a desperate look at his rifle, at h grenades encrusted with mud, but in spite of all his trai he is frozen with indecision and fear at the sight of his enemy. The figure seems to whisper something back, then turns an comes down the trail. Now a second and third figure appea behind him - all in helmets and packs. All coming right p Chris' position. Ten yards. Nine. Chris is rigid with terror. Stark eyes. Pleading with Tex wake up, but out of reach. He is about to have an anxiety attack, his heartbeats so far up he is sure they will hea him. The first figure is now directly in front of Chris on the trail, looking left and right. A rattle of his equipment, creak of leather. A smell. The man's face now catches the moonlight and his eyes come around on Chris. Oriental eyes. Looking right at him. Startled. Chris star back, hypnotized. It all happens very fast. The figure mu something in Vietnamese. A warning. He swivels. A flash of muzzle fire. A raking cough of automatic fire. grenade explosion. Chris is hurled to the ground, helmet bouncing off, scatt confused, jarred. All hell breaks loose around him with N and SHOUTS. Tex, kissing the ground, is yelling at him.
19) 4) text: Lunges over and grabs the handle from Chris. Clicks the  safeties off and blows them. Three EXPLOSIONS rip out into the night - and one of the  ENEMY is caught in a brief instant looking like an X-ray, his body lifted and swirling in the air, then enveloped i swirls of smoke. Chris, trying to keep up, grabs his M-16, lays out a stre of fire. The sound all around him is deafening.
20) 0) text: Gardner, freaking out, stands crouched, confused, tries t run, collapses.
22) 6) text: Chris, looking out to his front, has no clue what's going on. Except the fire is slacking. Relayed shouts of 'Medic Medic!' Other SHOUTS.
22) 30) text: Tex's eyes roll wildly, uncomprehending. Doc and Big Haro looking at Barnes, wondering. Tex is suddenly silent, sho Barnes stands, an icy glare, goes. Junior scrambles over Tex's side. Doc runs off. Big Harold cradles Chris, his big black hands like a moth reassuring him.
22) 32) text: Chris looking up at him, eyes blinking slowly, dazed alre by the morphine. He's very scared.
24) 0) text: ELIAS, checking out a blood trail some distance away, shi on the shot, looks back.
25) 0) text: FRANCES, MANNY, BUNNY and KING are huddled over another  mangled enemy corpse.
26) 5) text: Elias and Barnes go with King. Past Chris and Tex who are ambulatory and bandaged, being helped along. As Barnes pa the men look at him, everybody quickly senses something i wrong.
27) 0) text: At one of the positions Doc is working feverishly to knoc the life back into Gardner who lies there, his shirt stri off on his cottage cheese belly. A huge sucking chest wou He's dying. You know it because he knows it. The eyes do talking, numb, terrorized yet strangely detached, accepti not protesting or concerned any longer. Most of the ambush has assembled and is watching, Chris m in to see. Doc is mumbling to him, low key.
27) 2) text: But Gardner seems unconcerned. Things are going on in his head - who knows what. And in his eyes there are big tear rolling. Then a morphine smile. A sort of goofy Gardner s maybe thinking about Lucy Jean, who knows. He's dead.
27) 12) text: Barnes, registering it, just keeps on walking.
28) 1) dialog: Hey Taylor, what's in the breeze?
28) 2) text: In King's mild tone Chris tries to read his standing in t platoon.
28) 4) dialog: Shit, too bad we in base camp anyway.
28) 6) dialog: Yeah, just stole me some from the  Top's supply but he's stealing it  from us anyway. (sees somebody coming) Chucks are coming. You better 'didi'  man.
28) 11) dialog: (a funny look) I found it...
29) 0) text: A wooden cabin with some half-dozen seats built over half barrels cut from empty oil drums. A guy is in there, pull up his pants. Chris, King and Crawford, a California blond with a hands honeyed look, are sweating heavily as they roll the barre out from under the outhouse, the smell of human waste str A hot midday emptiness, nobody around except the flies.
29) 1) dialog: (pissed) ...Motherfuckah, motherfuckah, I'm  too short to be dealing with this  shit! They keep fucking with us man,  no letup...
29) 3) dialog: Forty-two days man and a wakeup and  I'm a gone motherfucker. Back to de  WORLD. (dreaming in his eyes)
29) 5) dialog: March man in Tennessee, sniff the  pines... sniff that crossmounted  pussy walkin' down by the river.   What you got Taylor? (a snicker) Let's see three hundred and WHAT?
29) 8) dialog: (to Chris) How the fuck you get over here man,  you look like you educated...
29) 10) dialog: You WHAT? Say 'gain.
29) 14) dialog: You a crazy fucker, givin' up college  man.
29) 15) text: King has long sleepy eyelids and cat's eyes, a large pink tongue and big white-edged cotton picker's nails - a lazy gentle nature, content with the world.
29) 17) text: King and Crawford share a smile.
29) 18) dialog: What we got here a crusader?
29) 20) text: They pause, wipe the sweat off. King lighting up a half-s joint, hitting a few puffs, eyes shooting around, making  sure he's not spotted, passing it to Crawford.
29) 21) dialog: Sheeit, gotta be rich in the first  place to think like dat. Everybody  know the poor always being fucked by  the rich. Always have, always will.
29) 22) text: Noticing Chris is having trouble with his neck, picking a his bandage.
29) 23) dialog: You okay man? Neck botherin' you?
29) 25) dialog: Here have some of this. Won't feel a  thing.
29) 26) text: Chris looking at the joint, a little apprehensive. He's n smoked.
29) 28) dialog: Go on, whatcha gotta lose, yo' here  now...
29) 31) dialog: Suck it in. Hold it... That's it.  Now let it out.
29) 34) text: King and Crawford chuckle, go on rolling the cans.
29) 35) dialog: Dat's what they all say.
30) 0) text: King, Crawford and Chris pour kerosene over the cans at a secure distance from the outhouse. King lights it. The cans pop and start crackling. A line burning barrels. Rings of dirty black smoke rise against soft blue sky. They watch, stoned. Chris turns to both of them.
30) 2) dialog: Fuck it, don't mean nothing, no such  thing here as a coward, done your  best man, next time y'do better.
30) 4) text: Chris surprised at their attitude. The joint suddenly hit him, a look in his face, eyes looking around different.   Over at King.
30) 7) dialog: (laughs) Yo getting there Taylor. You be cool  now and I'll introduce you 'round to  some of the 'heads'.
30) 9) dialog: (laughes, walks away  with Crawford) Later...
32) 0) text: King leads Chris down to a specially constructed cellar-l hutch dug deep into the ground on an isolated edge of the battalion perimeter. Ammo casing and canvas are piled ove it, and sandbags surround it. From the outside very littl sound can be heard as they go down through a trap door ma of ammo crates. Past a lookout (Adams) pulling security,  hitting a joint but alert. King motions to him, it's cool Inside is another world. Chris looking around amazed. It' like a private cabaret for the 'heads' who are there cool out. Boxes of food from the States, beers, whiskey bottle crates functioning as tables, hammocks hanging from poles electric fans, tape decks, paraphernalia. The boys are all dressed up in their Saturday night rags. The clothes are clean, the headbands, the medallions are  out, anything distinctive and individualistic. On the  tapedeck, Jefferson Airplane's 'Go Ask Alice'. To Chris it is a new world. And RHAH, the resident head,  sitting there in all his finery puffing a huge burning re bowl in a three foot long Montagnard pipe, seems to be th lord of final judgment in this smoky underworld. Across his naked chest, birds and snakes are tattooed. Ar his neck a black skull and white ivory cross side by side On his knuckles 'Love' and 'Hate' are tattooed. In his ey a dancing Satanic fire. A poor rural Southern white, in h grizzled late 20's, he could be a Biker King. Giving Chri the once-over.
32) 2) dialog: (smiling) This ain't Taylor. Taylor been shot.  This man Chris been resurrected...
32) 8) dialog: (smiling) ...go ahead on, smoke it man.
32) 14) text: Building up to it, his eyes shaking with conviction at th whole insanity of the world, he neighs with all the venom can muster.
32) 16) text: They all laugh and applaud. King smoking from the pipe pa it back to Chris who takes another hit, doesn't cough thi time, looking around, wondering about these guys.
32) 19) text: They go on ad-libbing with each other, teasing Doc, who's fairly straight, saying he wants to go to med school in t fall. 'Be what?''A gynecologist, man.''What dat?' Francis suggests, 'Dats a pussy doctor, man - he's gonna be Docto Feelgood, man!' They're all cracking up, finding every jo funny. As Chris finishes his hit on the pipe, looks up ac the smoke, already dazed, surprised to see ELIAS suddenly there - leaning out of his sling in a far corner of the h A Monkey is draped around his neck with silver bracelets, rings, a necklace - like a sensual little Egyptian whore, Elias playing with it, spaced out in a sleeveless vest, t pants. Dancing eyes on Chris, he swings out the hammock,  comes over with the monkey. Meanwhile Manny has broken into a high falsetto snatch of blues directed at Chris, joined by Big Harold and Francis all of them clicking their hands.
32) 38) text: The monkey is sitting quietly stoned, its eyes blinking. Laughter off.
32) 45) dialog: Daisy Mae Highway, that's what. (laughing) Well whatcha want, Lerner, your dick  been limp for a year, 'cept when  you're bopping your buddy Tony up  there.
32) 59) dialog: And?
32) 88) text: Elias shaking his head, trying to remember.
32) 89) dialog: Merle?
32) 97) text: King listening to the sound of it.
32) 98) dialog: Dawn?
33) 20) text: Wolfe winks at him, continues on to the POKER GAME going in the center of the barracks, the main action. BARNES, S O'NEILL and WARREN, the quiet sullen black, SANDERSON and SAL play as ACE, the tiny radio kid, and MOREHOUSE look o all of them drinking beer and bourbon chasers from a bott
33) 24) text: Barnes, raking in the chips, is the big winner, a light b of sweat on his forehead and a somewhat glassy look to th eye the only indication he is drunk - his shirt peeled of revealing a muscular, scarred body.
34) 2) text: The Hutch looks now like a Turkish bath with minimum  visibility, the smoke fumes dense. They are all up dancin on their feet - King, Tubbs, Big Harold, Hoyt, Lerner,  Crawford, Flash, Doc, Elias - a few light gestures with t hands above shoulder level, passing around the grass pipe while they shuffle, fingers clicking. The song - Smokey  Robinson's "Tracks of My Tears" - accompanies them from a vintage tapedeck.
34) 4) text: King and Big Harold wave Chris into the Circle and he sta swaying with them, feeling as if he's being accepted into new family. Rhah watches it all, puffing away on his magic dragon pip the shadows dancing on the walls. It looks like a Saturday night dance party. A yearning fo tenderness, for feminity, for a moment of peace in this  nightmare life. Their eyes closed, thinking of dance part that can't be here tonight. Singing their souls out.
35) 2) text: Chris working his way over twisted, broken stumps, branch On the back of his flak jacket he's written, 'If I die bu me upside down so the whole world can kiss my ass'.
35) 7) text: Doesn't see it. Following Barnes' imperceptible movement his head. The bunker, dug into the ground and camouflaged with brus is staring right at him, not more than 20 feet away. Chri is a dead man if... Barnes, checking the terrain, signals radioman Hoyt. Barnes edging up to the bunker, eyes everywhere. Chris  following. The tension builds. They come up to the edge o it, peer in. Nothing. Barnes walks around it, slips in from back. Chris covers  him, other guys coming up now, making a small perimeter. Chris now starts to see things he didn't see. Right in fr of his nose - there is a trench from this bunker to anoth and another. There is now in his view a complex of bunker and thatched hootches and lean-tos all blending into the  forest. A ghost city... Elias and others fanning out now, careful... whispered  conversations in the wind. Chris moves past a rope with freshly washed laundry stret between two trees, clothes stirring in the wind. He looks as King points out a treehouse, then looks down as Lerner whispers something and points - NVA rucksacks are laid ou on the ground in an orderly platoon-sized pattern.
36) 0) text: Elias goes down into a dangerous-looking TUNNEL, on a rop with a .45. Barnes watching him. We sense Elias loves the danger, smiling.
38) 0) text: Rhah and King explore a treehouse. Rice stores. Rhah, an  experienced soldier, seems tense, moves cautiously, expec booby traps.
40) 0) text: Manny, the skinny black boy with the coloured beads, is o on flank - alone, smoking a cigarette, humming.
41) 0) text: On the other flank, Chris, also alone, waits, listening t the sounds of the jungle. He too is smoking a cigarette. eeriness is everywhere. Rays of morning light peeking thr the cathedral dome of the jungle. Bird calls.
45) 0) text: Spec 4 Sanderson, the big handsome blond kid, is moving  through an abandoned bunker. With him is Sal, a tough str kid with an intense face, all whiskered. Sanderson notici now a metal box of 50-caliber ammo, U.S. marking, half-bu in the ground.
45) 2) text: He opens the case. Official-looking documents are inside, they glance through them, lighting cigarettes, the search over, successful, they relax.
50) 0) text: Barnes moving through the wreckage - sees severed limbs  sticking in a sandbag.
54) 0) text: Barnes is still there in the wrecked bunker, squatting th staring as if his mind has disconnected for a moment. He  reaches up, touches his scars. The look on his face sugge he is deeply wronged by this tragedy, that he is taking i very personally.
55) 2) text: The men moving into jungle formation, silently. Chris walking over into line, stops for a moment - notici a freshly-severed eyeball partially buried in dirt, stari up at him. He turns away, sickened.
56) 3) text: There is no answer. The men in the platoon start to look each other, sensing more trouble. Elias heads into the bush after him. Barnes watches him g Francis, his friend, and Tubbs and King follow.
57) 0) text: Out on the flank position, where he once stood, Elias wal out, looks. The jungle is silent once again. Francis, Tub King follow. The others - Barnes, Lt.Wolfe, Warren, Chris Rhah...
57) 2) text: Their voices trailing off. Bird cries come back. Elias combing the ground for clues... nothing. Chris looking on, can't believe it, none of them can, a  collective chill running through the platoon.
58) 0) text: The Platoon moving downslope in the Jungle, their faces g quiet, deadly. King is on point.
58) 2) text: A moving shot approaching Manny. He's trussed with rope,  arms behind his back. Throat cut, eyes startled open, mou shaped in a scream of terror. Barnes, the other men looking... Chris. Barnes says it fo everyone, 'The motherfuckers...'
59) 0) text: They come up out of the jungle onto the side of a CART TR where a tiny village overlooks the river. The VILLAGE is  poor, a series of thatched hutches made of C-ration cardb and aluminum beer can sidings, faint whiffs of smoke comi from cook fires. Pigs and dogs wander about. An OLD VILLAGER watches them pass from his tillable plot, smoking a cigarette, one leg wrapped around his hoe, rest no expression.
61) 0) text: Troops fanning out over the village, some TWO DOZEN VILLA scattering to collect their children, dogs barking.
65) 2) text: Barnes walking with him over to an undercover rice silo b dug out by Tubbs and Junior. Barnes looks it over.
66) 0) text: An Old Woman and her Son, a young man with one leg, throw their hands, climbing out of the hole with stupid confuse looks as Chris, shaking with his own sort of confusion an rage, cuffs them, hustling them out. The Young Man uses a pair of crutches for his blown-off limb, hobbling like a  mangy three-legged dog.
66) 3) text: The couple, hands raised, muttering things in Vietnamese, don't understand a word, shaking their heads stupidly and smiling that impassive Oriental smile which sends Chris i a rage only he can understand. His finger closes on the trigger of his 16. Francis, the baby-faced black, looks nervously, sensing t danger... Bunny amused, drawn in by Chris. O'Neill watche passively from the lip of the hutch. The Young Man continues to grin, not seeming to realize t degree of danger he's in, which is what Chris wants - a t sign of acquiescence. There is also the added element of  showing off his manhood in front of an audience now.
66) 14) text: Chris standing there, watching, sensing something awful i going to come and unable to do anything about it. It come suddenly and without warning. Bunny is looking at O'Neill the Vietnamese couple are muttering something. In one flu move, Bunny swivels and with unbelievable savagery clubs young one-legged man in the side of the head with the but of his 16.
66) 21) text: The Old Lady is shrieking, hovering over the body of her  son. Bunny studying her.
67) 0) text: A tiny knot of men are ringed around Barnes who is questi a sturdy-looking man who is the VILLAGE CHIEF. He has bee stripped of his shirt, scars all over his body, scared. H has his ID papers out, trembling, showing them to Lerner speaks some pidgen Vietnamese.
67) 2) text: Lerner translates, the man talking back.
67) 19) text: The Woman is still ranting when Barnes turns to her, quit casually levels his M-16, and puts a bullet in her head. She goes down as if pole-axed. A stunned pause. The Chief looking at his wife. The Villa in background reacting. Wolfe looking... Chris looking, shocked. Doc, possibly th straightest of them all, very uncomfortable. They are all shocked in some way, but do nothing against the power of  Barnes. Barnes walks over to the pig pen with the other  Villagers, very casually, confronts them.
67) 35) text: Barnes looks around. They all look around. Elias walks right up to him, followed by his men - King,  Rhah, Crawford, others from the rear party. He looks arou The corpse of the Wife... the Young Daughter sobbing.
67) 39) text: The stock of his rifle swings up fast and hard smacking B full in the face, breaking two teeth. Barnes staggers back, hurt, bleeding. Elias is on him lik leopard. Battering him with his fists. They struggle in the dust, two titans, their faces equall consumed with rage, clawing, spitting, punching, kicking, pounding each other's skulls in the dirt. A dust storm sw around them, the men closing around like excited apes at bloodfeast. Most of the men seem to be pulling for Barnes - Chris jus watching neutral.
67) 45) text: They compose themselves, the Villagers looking on, grievi over their loss.
67) 51) text: Who wants to be reminded? A silence of shame. The Men mov away, Warren, Ace, Tony, Rodriguez, Barnes looking back o a cold glare. The Village Chief is a broken-looking man, huddled over h wife's body. Elias stands there, frustrated. Chris glances at him, moves out.
68) 0) text: A zippo cigarette lighter with the engraved initials: 'Fr Mai lin to my Bunny Boy'. It sparks a thick flare as Bunn lights the dry straw on the roof of the Hutch where he ki the Old Woman and Young Boy. Their legs sticking out at the threshold. The hooch burni fast, aided by the strong sun. Bunny watches with awe.
75) 0) text: Hidden at the edge of the woodline, King hands back a bow of grass to Rhah, the chief head. They're puffing away.
75) 1) dialog: Whew! - where that come from?
75) 3) dialog: (smokes) Sheeit, beats burning hutches  anyway...
76) 0) text: In a ditch running alongside the Village, partially conce by foliage and anthills, Tony, Morehouse, and the ubiquit Bunny have a 12-YEAR-OLD VIETNAMESE GIRL pinned to the gr gagged and squirming, naked. They are fucking her to deat Junior looks on, both curious and disgusted, but doesn't  take part.
76) 7) text: He seems disconnected, dazed by the sun, like he's talkin to dogs - loud, repetitive words coming out of an anger h can barely control, trying to restore some sanity to a wo gone totally nuts today. Don't they understand? Don't the have any sense of a mind? Any kind of decency? The Men looking at him as if he's the one who's gone nuts not them. Bunny looking at Morehouse looking at Tony look at Junior. The irony is lost on them, as Chris pushes thr to help the poor girl put her scanty clothes back on.
76) 11) text: The men grumble and slink off quietly. Elias watching as. Chris helps her to her feet, wounded in the intestines, s can barely stand, blood soaking in her nether regions. Ch slings her up as gently as he can and carries her.
80) 0) text: At the Company, Elias, Captain Harris, Barnes, Lt. Wolfe huddled. Close on Harris, looking from face to face, assu a judicial attitude.
81) 10) text: Barnes says nothing, a cryptic look. O'Neill worried, Bunny, taking his cue from Barnes, slaps him on the back.
82) 0) text: Elsewhere on the perimeter, Chris is digging out a foxhol with Rhah, as King and Lerner prepare the C's for dinner.
82) 2) dialog: Barnes gets killed, his jaws'd go on  clacking...
82) 8) dialog: He done a year in Japan in the  hospital, then when he gets out, the  first thing he done is re-up. Four  years he been in the field...
82) 13) dialog: Yeah, you done said it. Revenge on  US.
82) 18) text: His hand flashes forward in front of Chris. 'HATE' is wri across the left hand knuckles in a sloppy, purplish-black tatoo. Chris looking at it.
82) 21) dialog: Love, yeah!
82) 27) dialog: Yeah, get married to some crazy El  Lay bitch, an actress or somethin',  she blew all his bread - LSD, gurus,  all that California shit, and then  she turns him into the cops on a  drug rap.
82) 29) dialog: So he got a reduced and come over  here. Nam's his freedom man, Nam's  his pussy. Three years he been here.
82) 31) dialog: Well sometimes a man jes don' wanna  go back. How you gonna talk to  civilians man? People back in the  world just don't give a shit, y'know  what I mean, to them you're a fuckin'  animal is all -
84) 16) text: His eyes blazing, reliving the deaths in the village, lic the wounds for the platoon, mourning the failure of its  heroism. Chris looking at him, a little awed by his inten Elias looks away, embarrassed that he has sermonized, loo back at the stars.
84) 20) text: He shrugs, a certain bravado masking his own uncertainty.
84) 22) text: A lightning quick movement follows. Elias' hand passing o his face like a mime, a click of the fingers and he leans closer to Chris. A new expression on his face. Devil's ey mocking child, danger in his soul, excitement, sex - the  Elias that Chris saw in the smoking session in base camp. Chris smiles, sucked in, almost laughs and then the face gone again.
87) 0) text: Elias, further back, is checking out the jungle alongside the clearing, noticing a number of old spider holes long  since abandoned. He goes over and checks them.
88) 0) text: Back at the stream, Rhah, looking old and whiskered under his poncho hood, lights up a roach, puffs it. Another cra of thunder. Chris comes over, sits with him on his rock. Rhah passes him the joint. He smokes. Big Harold pulls a leech out of his open crotch area.
88) 3) dialog: (ribbing) Yeah, big boy, thought you had that  laundry gig all laid out?
88) 5) dialog: Gonna be a rabbi man?
88) 8) dialog: Your girlfriends gonna look for new  lovers, man. Best thing a bro's got's  his flap.
88) 16) text: The men start slogging on against the rain. Junior is drinking from the stream, as Fu Sheng passes.
89) 2) text: Sgt. Warren, picking up a quick azimuth on his lensatic  compass, points. Lerner moves in the new direction.
90) 0) text: Lerner moves away from the clearing, working up a slight  incline when the MACHINE GUN FIRE erupts out of the jungl spinning him - throwing him into the dirt like discarded  garbage. The men are down, yelling.
91) 3) dialog: WATCH OUT! ROCKET!
93) 3) text: Looking. A body - moaning, sort of moving, wriggling, as trying to escape the pain.
94) 2) text: Lerner groans. A fresh burst of AK fire rakes the area.   Lerner jerks spasmodically with the impact of the rounds. Chris spots the sniper. In a hole in the ground. Twenty-f meters off. Snapping the magazine out of his AK to reload A live gook. Chris tears off a volley at him but the gook disappears i the hole. This is the moment, Chris realizes it, it's now never if Chris intends to get the gook. He's got to make move before the man has reloaded his weapon. He pulls his grenade, pops the pin. He lets the spoon fly off, activating the grenade-timer, as he humps to his fee and runs for the gook hole, concentrating, concentrating. That head is going to pop up any second with a freshly-lo weapon and tear his head off. Chris won't make it back to the hole. The throw has to be perfect. He won't get another chance. He heaves the frag, drops and rolls away. The throw is perfect, the golden ar of flight from the outfield nailing the baserunner. It tw cleanly in the hole. The explosion muffled but deadly. Chris scrambles to his feet, a look of almost total surpr on his face. He can't seem to believe he did it. Pointing his M-16 before him, he advances on the hole, looking ove the muzzle to see the badly-mangled NVA man twisted at th bottom. Chris hurries over to Lerner. He's in bad shape, hit in  several places, vaguely conscious.
95) 14) text: Barnes looking at the drawing.
98) 2) text: It explodes. This is about three times the intensity of t RPG. The jungle floor shakes, trees splinter. Barnes is  knocked to his knees, grimaces in pain. Hoyt, Barnes' rad operator, screams out as a fist-sized chunk of hot shrapn sticks in his back. He's screeching, frantically trying t shuck the radio from his back, his fatigue shirt smoking. Barnes jerks the radio off Hoyt's back, knocks the man to his knees and unsheathes his bayonet. Ripping off the bac of his shirt, Barnes sets to digging out the shrapnel.
101) 2) text: Doc looking at him, a dark look of hopelessness. Lerner i mess, groaning, reaching for Chris' hand.
101) 7) text: Feeling like a liar, peeling the man's hands off him, lea him there looking numb. Chris is shaken, Lerner's blood a over him. He tears out after Rhah, linking up with Elias and Crawfo Elias motioning them to hurry. Another huge artillery rou exploding out to the front.
104) 4) text: Chris looking at Rhah. How does he know? Elias points out an imaginary line across the breaking mi
106) 12) text: Barnes appears, running towards them, looking down at  Crawford, at Rhah.
108) 0) text: Barnes, moving through the jungle, reacts to the fire,  resetting his course. Like a hunter stalking a deer. Sudd there's more firing. Then silence -
114) 0) text: Barnes moving, stops, listens. Something is running towar him. But it's hidden by the bush. He brings his rifle up  smooth and quick, waits, then as the bush parts, Elias is standing there. Looking at Barnes. Barnes sees him, starts to lower his rifle, but then stop He raises it back an inch, sights it. Pause. A cold seari look of hatred coming over his face. In that moment, Elias understands. Quick as a deer, he ma his move, trying to plunge back into the bush. Barnes fires. Once, twice, three times - the blast rockin the jungle. Elias jerking backwards into the bush, mortally wounded. Bird cries. A crime against nature. Barnes calmly lowers his rifle, and walks away from it.
115) 0) text: Chris, cutting through the jungle, hears the shots. He st listens. Someone is moving through bush towards him, leav and foliage shaking. Chris tightens, raises his rifle. Barnes steps through into his sight - sees him. Chris lowers his rifle. Barnes walking past him as if he  weren't even there.
116) 0) text: TWO CHOPPERS are coming into a LZ in front of the Church. The two platoons, Second and Third, reinforcing, are bein evacuated as quickly as possible, one load (6-8 men, depe on the wounded) after other. The choppers are spraying du all over the place. A scene of chaos, radio talk layering it. Doc is out of supplies, making do with improvised  bandages, etc.
116) 2) text: Lerner goes by, horribly wounded on a makeshift litter, i the chopper, Doc attending, holding the IV. Chris catching a glimpse of him, waiting to get on the  chopper, turning to look as: Hoyt and Sgt. Warren, both wounded, are hurried aboard on litters. The chopper lifting off. Chris and others now running to the corpses of Flash,  Morehouse, and Fu Sheng lying under dirty ponchos, their  boots sticking out. The ponchos are blown away in a burst wind off the chopper blades, revealing their faces - dirt stuffing their eyes and mouths, waxen figures. Chris and the others lifting them and carrying them towar the next chopper now coming in. They throw the bodies on. Tubbs and Crawford, both wounde now move past Chris, into the chopper. Chris running back with King carrying a litter - their eyes falling on: Barnes talking with Wolfe and Ace, making signals under t roaring sounds of the chopper. Shaking his head. No. No E Chris and King looking at each other, mute. They numbly s loading Big Harold, minus his leg, onto the stretcher. The Third Chopper is down now, waiting, roaring blades  silhouetting off the face of the cathedral. A ROCKET BLAS suddenly goes off not too far from the chopper, incoming  fire. The DOOR GUNNER signaling for them to hurry, laying out fire.
116) 4) dialog: Man, you gonna be in Japan this time  tomorrow, Big Harold.
116) 6) text: He sinks back, sick. Chris' eyes suddenly fix on somethin He can't believe it. He shoves King, points. King sees it Both stunned. Barnes is looking. So's Lt. Wolfe, so's Ace. So's the Doo Gunner. Elias is coming out of the jungle. Staggering, blood  disfiguring his face and chest, hanging on with all his  dimming strength, looking up at them - trying to reach th Chris shakes Wolfe, his words drowned out by the roar. The Chopper Captain looking down, dips. His co-pilot poin The NVA are coming out of the jungle, closing on the spot where Elias is. Incoming rounds are hitting the chopper. The Door Gunner  maniacally firing. Barnes looking down at the man, can't believe it. Elias is on his last legs now, obviously being hit by the incoming fire of the NVA. He falls to his knees, still  stretching upwards for life. The Chopper Captain shakes his head at Wolfe. The Chopper dips one more time firing at the NVA, low and fierce over the jungle. Chris looking back in horror. Elias crucified. The NVA coming out now by the dozens fro the treeline. Elias crumbling to the ground. Obviously dead or dying.
116) 8) text: Barnes drawing in. Chris looking at him in revulsion. He knows. Barnes sees look, ignores it, all of them sitting there silent, livin with that final horrifying image of Elias.
117) 4) text: He looks to King who puffs on a joint, his eyes red.
117) 5) dialog: I go with dat, an eye for an eye  man.
117) 13) dialog: Then you jes gonna forget 'bout Elias  and all the good times we done had?   Right in here.
117) 20) dialog: Right on.
117) 32) text: Walks past Rhah, past King, throws the pot bowl into the  dirt of the floor.
117) 34) text: Almost an appeal - naked, intense. Rhah, Francis, Doc loo away. King, the biggest one there, is about to say something, b the moment passes. Chris waits, his anger on the rise. Barnes takes a swigger from the whiskey, then turns away  contemptuously.
117) 38) dialog: Get that mother, babe, go... Kick  his ass, kill that cocksucker!!!
117) 43) text: Barnes' eyes tremble in the candle light, his scars ugly, spasm clenching and locking his facial muscles. Then sudd he is calm again, very calm. We sense a man of enormous s control. Suddenly he flicks his knife across Chris, leaving a mark below his left eye. Chris gasps. Looking up at Barnes rising off him. The boo alongside his face. The Men looking on, the tension lowering.
117) 46) text: Chris sits at the very edge of a Huey Chopper, bandana ar his forehead, long hair blowing in the wind, Barnes' mark below his eyes, slicked out now like a jungle veteran, lo down at the VILLAGE where the massacre occurred. The Village is still a smoking ruin, a few peasants and w buffalo straggling like ants to reconstruct. Bunny, next to Chris, pops his gum, indifferent. Barnes,  next to him, shifts, reads a map. Rodriguez is praying, his mouth moving without audible wo getting ready for the drop. King is making last minute adjustments in his pack. Bunny now nudges Chris, points. The Church in the Jungle  where Elias was killed is visible. An outline of the Ceme Uncomfortable memories play over Chris' face.
117) 48) text: The BATTALION PERIMETER now breaks in the clear ahead. Sm grenades of various colors are being popped on the cleare LZ. It's not big, its radius 200 yards, heavily sandbagge deeply dug, rolls of barbed wire protecting it, radio ant sprouting from the CP - and surrounded on all four sides jungle. The First Chopper rocking down, whipping up dust clouds. Chris jumps out, moving out fast as the Second Chopper st in.
119) 5) text: Rhah comes up, a walking stick in hand, huge pirate kerch on his head, semi-naked.
120) 0) text: On the edge of the perimeter, King puts out his claymore, unraveling it back towards his FOXHOLE, intersecting MEN  form the Third Platoon, who file out on a night ambush,  skirting the trip wires, demoralized, silent. Eye exchang but no words. Chris sits on the foxhole watching the ambush go out, smo a joint by himself, depressed. King comes in with the cla wires, attaching them to their detonators. Their foxhole as are all of the Platoon's - is positioned just inside t treeline bordering the LZ, so that they are quite isolate from the center of the perimeter where they first landed.
120) 1) dialog: Glad I ain't going with 'em. Somewhere  out dere man is de Beast and he hungry  tonight... Man, what a bummer. Ten  days and a wakeup and I'm still  dealing wid this shit - fuckin'  etcetera and ad infinitum man...
120) 3) dialog: (noticing Chris'  silence) What's the matter wid you?... How  come you ain't writing no more? You  was always writing something home.   Looks like youse half a bubble off,  Taylor.
120) 5) dialog: What about your folks? That grandma  you was telling me about?...
120) 7) dialog: Girl?
120) 9) dialog: Must be somebody?
120) 11) dialog: (shifts, uncomfortable) You been smoking too much shit babe.  Gotta control that. Takes a man  down... I remember when you first  come out to the bush, you was straight  as a...
120) 13) text: He shifts, annoyed, prepares his grenades along the sand  bags. King shrugs, preparing his meal, sings himself a sn of song, a good natured man.
120) 14) dialog: (soft) 'People say I'm the life of the party  cause I tell a joke or two although  I may be laughing loud and hardy  deep inside I'm blue...'
120) 16) dialog: Way out of anything, man. Just keep  your pecker up, your powder dry, the  worm WILL turn. How many days you  short?
120) 18) dialog: Does a chicken have lips? Whoever  said we did, babe. Make it outta  here, it's all gravy, every day of  the rest of your life man - gravy.   Oh shit, superlifer!
120) 19) text: O'Neill comes up, jerks his thumb at King.
120) 21) dialog: (speechless) You jokin' me man?... shit, you ain't  kidding! Cocksucker. Oh wowww... the  lifers made a mistake, they cuttin'  me some slack, they cutting me some  slack Taylor! (dances)
120) 23) text: King packing up, double time. Chris comes over, helps him trying to share his happiness but not succeeding.
120) 25) dialog: I gotta didi man. Don't wanna miss  that chopper. I'll send you a  postcard. After I get me some. I'll  send you some tapes too man. This  new guy Jimi Hendrix man, whew...  you okay Taylor? Just 'member take  it easy now, don't think too much,  don't be a fool, no such thing as a  coward cause it don't mean nuthin.  Jes keep on keepin' on. Okay my man...
120) 26) text: Chris, fighting his depression, slaps hands with King. A  brief moment, they look at each other. A friendship that forever and is now over. They both sort of know they'll n see each other again.
122) 0) text: On another foxhole, Barnes in full pack checks the soles Junior's bare feet. Bunny and O'Neill looking on. Junior moaning as if he's dying, overdoing it by a mile.
123) 0) text: At the LZ, King runs out, gets on the last SUPPLY CHOPPER with some other men. It lifts off, swirling dust, the las rays of daylight. Chris watches from a Battalion CP area, waves back - the  chopper sound receding in the horizon, the comparative si of the jungle now creeping up on the perimeter. He turns starts back to his foxhole. A man is watching him. He's sitting on a sandbag, face in shadow. It startles Chris, something about him. Something different. A deep West Virginia drawl.
123) 3) text: Goes over reluctantly, flicks his lighter, cupping it fro the wind. The flame catches a sudden, uneasy expression i Chris' face as he sees the Smoking Man. We come around and see what Chris sees in the light of th flame. A face that smiles at him like a death's head, a l ugly blister on his mouth, whiskered, pale - but smiling. sick man wouldn't smile like this, but he is smiling too  intimately, as if he knows Chris from way back. But he  doesn't. Or does he? Perhaps it was the man Chris first s at the airstrip when he came in-country. The same express of evil, of a man who has seen too much and died, but sti lives. Chris feels an unnatural fear passing through him. The Man stands, sucking on his cigarette, stretches. He i thin and very tall, towering over Chris.
124) 0) text: On his foxhole, Junior listening to the distant firing. B is introspective - talking to Junior as if he were his be friend, although they have nothing in common.
125) 0) text: At the Company CP, Captain Harris is talking urgently int the radio.
129) 0) text: On their foxhole, Chris and Francis wait anxiously. Overh the ARTILLERY keeps pounding into the ambush area. Now SM ARMS FIRE can be heard picking up at random spots along t perimeter. The battle, like a tide, is obviously moving c to them.
129) 15) text: FLARES now shoot up over the perimeter. Reds, greens, yel squeaking as they float down on their parachute hinges  throughout the ensuing battle. The perimeter is illuminat at spotty intervals - sometimes arctic bright, sometimes  unexplainably dark til new flares shoot up. Chris, Francis, Rhah all look up at the light, and hug th holes even tighter, feeling naked in the light. Flares cu both ways.
129) 25) text: The SOLDIER now runs in like a fullback going down for th tackle, sprawling into the hole, knocking Chris and Franc down beneath him. He is sweating, terrified, a white boy with an unrecogniz filthy face, no rifle, no helmet, his fatigues torn all o
135) 2) text: SHAPES moving in the trees. Chris blows his claymore hand One explosion on top of the other out front. Then return  fire. Flashes from a muzzle, rak-a-tak, rak-a-tak, rak-a- tak, the heavier sound of an AK-47. Chris opening up with his 16. Then being blown down by a  grenade explosion at the edge of the foxhole. Then nothin A pause. Chris' ears ringing, slightly concussed. Suddenly from down the perimeter there is the sound of a  faulty LOUDSPEAKER crackling out from the jungle. A pidge English, the words mauled, then a snatch of patriotic Nor Vietnamese music, played from a scratchy old record. Chris uneasy, looking at Francis who looks terrified. The SOUND now of a whistle. Two hoots, then a sharp third. Th yelling. Chris grabbing Francis' arm, pointing. There is a VOICE  directly out to the front of them - muttering something i Vietnamese, no more than 20 yards away but unseen. It's l hearing a casual conversation from another room, then the sounds of several bodies moving in separate directions -  encompassing the foxhole.
136) 9) text: And jumps right into the hole blasting Bunny point-blank the chest. Bunny struggling to consciousness at the bottom of the ho THUCK! A boot in the gaping hole where his chest was. Bun his eyes uncomprehending. A muzzle is jammed into his mou breaking his teeth with an ugly sound. Another yell from NVA trooper. A flash of orange red light. Bunny's face bl to bits. Junior, dizzy from the blow to his head, looks up. A yellow flare somewhere out there and a SHADOW above him digging a bayonet into his belly with a grunt. A long ooz sigh of belly gas. An explosion. The Shadow with the bayonet staggering blin without eyes, holding his brains with his hands. Barnes throws open the empty LAAW rocket casing he has ju fired off and charges forward with a yell, cutting down  another NVA in Bunny's old foxhole. Jumping into the hole the bottom of which is a liquid pit of guts, blood, ooze. Another Enemy running in on him. A short burst of fire. B hit. Firing into each other. Barnes draggin him down into the pit with him, grappling alongside the corpse of Bunny Barnes uses an entrenching tool to finish him off.
138) 0) text: At the Company CP, things are just as bad. A Radioman is  sprawled over a smashed radio. Captain Harris is in a bun working the radios himself, as his Radiomen fire at yelli running FIGURES scurrying all over the inner perimeter.
139) 0) text: At the Platoon CP, Wolfe is astounded by the message. Ace looking at him straight in the eye.
140) 8) text: The transmission drops out. Harris now looking up into th darkened skies. The planes in no way evident - but they'r there. And they're coming.
142) 0) text: At his foxhole, O'Neill peeks up out of the hole. Several NVA are darting through the jungle 20 yards away, coming  towards him, talking loudly to each other. He quickly sli back down in the hole, entwining himself with the approac NVA, clinking metal. The NVA stop, glance in the hole. Something is muttered.  They run out. O'Neill opens his eyes, breathes.
143) 0) text: BARNES swings his mashed M-16 full into the FACE of an en SOLDIER who screams and goes down, Barnes chopping at him with his club. His helmet is gone, his shirt ripped to sh his shoulder bleeding, making his last stand against the  hated Gooks. Nearby HUFFMEISTER is hit in the shoulder by a running FI and collapses into the bottom of the foxhole, crying out pain. The running FIGURE runs past right into the full force of BARNES' swinging rifle. SMACK! He crumples.
143) 1) text: Chris bellies into the area, see Barnes, recognizes him,  amazed. An ENEMY fires, taking Barnes high in the left thigh. A p of skin blowing off. Barnes rigidly goes down on his left knee like a wounded horse. Holds there, staring into the  Enemy, waiting for the coup de grace. A series of SHOUTS and the Enemy staggers dead as: Chris lays out a curtain of fire. A GRENADE goes off near him, blowing off his helmet. Dazed, Chris rushes forward  firing from the hip - sucked into Barnes' suicidal vacuum He cuts down an Enemy as: Barnes, given a new lease, limps angrily forward and tack a wounded Enemy trying to crawl away, terrified at the si of Barnes coming after him. Barnes lets out a vivid screa And beats the soldier mercilessly, half the stock of his 16 flying apart broken. Chris swivels alert on his knees. A pause. No more enemy. Turns to Barnes, his back to Chris still beating at the d corpse.
144) 0) text: FADE BACK IN. Vague sunlight. Blurry. Chris fluttering hi eyes. A sharp MOVEMENT in the bush. His eyes fight their open. SOFT EYES are watching him from behind foliage. A soft, f head, alert, rigidly still. Chris fights his way up to his elbow, in pain, looking at the eyes. The head turns and in one fluid move, bolts. Go Like the wind. A deer. A big brown deer. Or was it? Chris will never be quite sure. But whatever it was, it was sur a sign of grace - the grace of Elias. This he knows as he feels himself for the first time alive. And in pain. His left hand torn and bleeding, shrapnel in his side, cuts on his face, dried blood caking him. Looki around his garden of eden. A messy jungle floor. Cordite  fumes. Burned bush and trees. Torn sandbags. Dead NVA. Bi songs somewhere in the distance. It is the very crack of  dawn, a pink-red sun casting long oblique light patterns  through the trees. A holy light. Chris pushes himself to his feet, feels his weight and th pain. He walks. In the near distance, towards the LZ area there's the sound of Armored Personnel carriers grinding, men moving, calling out in Americanese. But Chris is alon here. He fishes up an AK-47 from a dead NVA. Checks it, a weapo Walks on.
145) 0) text: Past scores of NVA bodies. Past the Foxhole where Bunny l dead in the bottom, faceless. Looking over at Junior bayo to the ground, dead. NVA everywhere around the hole, some them still moving, badly wounded. Chris looking around, then noticing a movement a little  further out in the Jungle. Then he sees who. The uniform is shredded, the figure obviously hurt in sev places (thigh, back, neck, hand) but not mortally so, now struggling to right itself, dragging its face up from a b down position. Streaked with dirt and blood, we see Barne once again re-emerging from the dead. Chris steps over to him, a solemn look on his face. Barne looks up, begs.
145) 4) text: Chris shoots him. Once. Twice. Three times. Silence... Barnes is finally dead. Chris looking at the corpse, numbed, no exultation in his expression. Just cold satisfaction and little feeling lef Behind him, the SOUND of a big machine moving. He turns. A huge Nazi flag on an antenna looms up in the bush, foll by the great belly of a turreted dragon crunching down a  tree for its breakfast. A big tough GERMAN SHEPARD comes boudning at him sniffs,  followed by a flak-jacketed MONSTER MAN - filthy and grea unshaven face, earring in his left ear, 'DEATH CORPS' scr on his shirtless flak jacket and a drawing of a death's h he looks like a cross between a pirate and a hell's angel Behind him, a SECOND MONSTER MAN and the ARMORED PERSONNE CARRIER grinding its engine, a human skull hanging from i turret.
147) 0) text: In another foxhole, O'Neill, unscratched but covered with dirt, waits tentatively as SOLDIERS arrive at his hole.  They're a little awed by the sight of the tough-looking  O'Neill emerging from his foxhole like Sgt. Rock, dozens dead NVA littered around him.
148) 0) text: Rhah, alive and well, is poking around the NVA corpses wi a long gnarled walking stick, looking like a crazy Johnny Appleseed with his pants rolled up on his thin hairy ankl and wearing a red bandana tied in a four-knot around his  head. As one of the APC SOLDIERS carves an ear off a dead NVA,  Rhah works his way through the torn bloody pocket of an N Troop in full rigor mortis, extracting what he thought wa there - a wrapped cellophane of heroin. Rhah's face glows with satisfaction as he tastes it, then snorts it. With a certain satisfaction of triumph over th grim circumstances.
149) 0) text: CHRIS is hauled out on a litter. Morphined, his eyes watc it all from somewhere deep in his brain. Passing: Groups of SOLDIERS looking like bowery bums and moving li rats through the smoke and garbage snooping for souvenirs with wheezy tired eyes and grunts of greed. Passing a bulldozed PIT with heaps of NVA BODIES in them. BULLDOZER pushing another set of bodies in, like photos o Nazi death camp. Nearby, two burly SOLDIERS lift a WOMAN NURSE and with a  once-through build for momentum, toss the fresh body into the pit. Chris, numb, goes by.
149) 3) text: CAPTAIN HARRIS doesn't respond; at this point he doesn't  give a shit, standing apart from the radios looking numbl at the remnants of his boys filtering by on litters. Chris intersects him now, Harris' eyes looking blankly, t nodding sickly trying to give him encouragement. Just com to the edge of tears, choking it back, and turning back.  These are his sons who are lost. A good officer. Rodriguez, wounded, is lifted up in his litter and moved to the waiting MEDIVAC CHOPPER, a huge red cross painted a white square. Doc goes by on another litter, then Ace, Adams, Huffmeist etc. Then Francis is littered by, bandages around his leg, a b smile on his face.
150) 3) text: And as Harris moves away, O'Neill is left thinking. Final there is a certain frustration to his actions; he has tak such great pains to stay alive that the tuition he pays i precisely to stay in this Jungle. Inevitably his time wil come - one way or another. His eyes now follow the MEDIVAC CHOPPER upwards, whatever left of his shrunken soul yearning to go with it.
151) 0) text: Rhah, at the edge of the treeline, vigorously shakes his  walking stick at him, his other hand a fist, waving them, emitting his cry.
151) 5) text: The music surges now to its full strength as we replay bi of film with each actor's name listed - some with silly,  clowning looks, others sober, haunted. Gardner, Tex, King Rhah, Lerner, Sanderson, Manny, Big Harold - all the boys and then Barnes staring quietly into the camera, and last Elias - shirt off, bowl of grass in hand, his big, beauti smile.