10) 0) text: Sgt. Elias washes himself, attentive to his body, slender and well-muscled, and extremely handsome youth. Of Indian blood, with long black hair, generous smile, wide facial  bone structure, gypsy eyes, and the cleanest white teeth, could be a young Greek god. He is given somewhat to panac a silver wristband on his arm, a bandanna of black parach silk hanging from his neck, his fatigues tightened down a the ankle, he pulls his pants down, checking for crotch r applying talcum powder to the area, his buttocks facing u LERNER, a white kid, 19, from Florida, stopping to admire the frontal view.
10) 1) dialog: Mumm, any time sweetheart.
32) 11) text: Lerner replies, his tongue hanging out in parody.
32) 12) dialog: And Baaaaaaa! back on you.
32) 17) dialog: I didn't like it.
32) 33) text: Lerner looks up, stoned out of his mind, wearing a ring i his ear.
32) 34) dialog: Shit. Sold me out for some lame dude  with a 4-F.
32) 36) dialog: (recalling her image) Daisy Mae.
32) 41) dialog: She look beautiful.
32) 46) dialog: Fuck that.
32) 53) dialog: (skeptical) You can plant that shit in Tennessee  man, but it won't come up in Texas.
32) 84) text: He forgets it. A grass blackout. Lerner urging him on.
32) 85) dialog: Susan?
34) 2) text: The Hutch looks now like a Turkish bath with minimum  visibility, the smoke fumes dense. They are all up dancin on their feet - King, Tubbs, Big Harold, Hoyt, Lerner,  Crawford, Flash, Doc, Elias - a few light gestures with t hands above shoulder level, passing around the grass pipe while they shuffle, fingers clicking. The song - Smokey  Robinson's "Tracks of My Tears" - accompanies them from a vintage tapedeck.
35) 7) text: Doesn't see it. Following Barnes' imperceptible movement his head. The bunker, dug into the ground and camouflaged with brus is staring right at him, not more than 20 feet away. Chri is a dead man if... Barnes, checking the terrain, signals radioman Hoyt. Barnes edging up to the bunker, eyes everywhere. Chris  following. The tension builds. They come up to the edge o it, peer in. Nothing. Barnes walks around it, slips in from back. Chris covers  him, other guys coming up now, making a small perimeter. Chris now starts to see things he didn't see. Right in fr of his nose - there is a trench from this bunker to anoth and another. There is now in his view a complex of bunker and thatched hootches and lean-tos all blending into the  forest. A ghost city... Elias and others fanning out now, careful... whispered  conversations in the wind. Chris moves past a rope with freshly washed laundry stret between two trees, clothes stirring in the wind. He looks as King points out a treehouse, then looks down as Lerner whispers something and points - NVA rucksacks are laid ou on the ground in an orderly platoon-sized pattern.
67) 0) text: A tiny knot of men are ringed around Barnes who is questi a sturdy-looking man who is the VILLAGE CHIEF. He has bee stripped of his shirt, scars all over his body, scared. H has his ID papers out, trembling, showing them to Lerner speaks some pidgen Vietnamese.
67) 2) text: Lerner translates, the man talking back.
67) 3) dialog: He says he was hit in a bombing raid.
67) 6) dialog: He says they had no choice. The NVA  killed the old honcho when he said  no. He says the rice is theirs.
67) 9) dialog: ...He says he doesn't know, NVA  haven't been around in a couple of  months. Maybe it was a scout or...
67) 13) text: Lerner translating. The Village Chief's WIFE is now on th scene, a middle-aged woman with angry features, yelling a Lerner trying to answer for her husband, a high-pitched  barrage of indignant words directed mostly at Barnes, and interspersed with the spitting of her betel nuts on the  ground. The Village Chief trying to talk her down. But things are definitely getting out of control. And the heat from the is only aggravating the situation, pounding down on the a in the drama, their fatigues soaked in sweat and anger.
67) 14) dialog: (finally) He swears he doesn't know anything!  He hates the NVA but they come when  they want and...
67) 18) dialog: (overwhelmed) She's going on, I don't know - why  are we shooting the pigs, they're  farmers... they got to make a living,  all that crap...
67) 21) text: Lerner shaken up, muttering to the Village Chief who is i shock, kneeling next to the body of his wife, muttering i high whine of pain.
67) 23) text: A group of Villagers huddle to one side. Lerner, shaken, is yelling at all of them, demanding an  answer.
67) 24) dialog: They don't know Sarge, they don't  know! (half believes it)
67) 31) text: Lerner nods. Barnes pulls his .45, puts it alongside her  head.
82) 0) text: Elsewhere on the perimeter, Chris is digging out a foxhol with Rhah, as King and Lerner prepare the C's for dinner.
82) 5) dialog: Tennessee someplace. Hill country.
82) 11) dialog: Does a pee wee wanna take a wee wee?
82) 16) dialog: Well he ain't normal that's fo sure.
82) 22) dialog: (makes a cuckoo sign) Here we go again with the crazy  preacher stuff. Rhah seen too many  movies.
82) 26) dialog: ...don't know. Done some time. Heard  he worked the oil wells in Oklahoma,  made some bread and washed up in El  Lay.
82) 32) dialog: (to Chris) I was home on leave y'know and  everybody's just worried 'bout making  money, everybody's out for themselves,  they don't even want to talk about  it man, it's like the fucking Twilight  Zone back there - you wouldn't even  KNOW there's a war on here. My sister  says to me why you have to go there  like I started this...
86) 0) text: Lerner's on point, resting in the shadow of a decaying ol French Catholic Church from the 19th Century. The jungle long ago won the battle, vines creeping into the cracks,  remnants of arches layered around the church at the epice Behind Lerner is Sgt. Warren and his radioman.
89) 0) text: On point, Lerner moves out through a remnant of an old ar somewhat casual in his approach to point.
89) 1) dialog: Hey Sarge, you wanna tell me which  way or do I get to figger it out?
89) 2) text: Sgt. Warren, picking up a quick azimuth on his lensatic  compass, points. Lerner moves in the new direction.
90) 0) text: Lerner moves away from the clearing, working up a slight  incline when the MACHINE GUN FIRE erupts out of the jungl spinning him - throwing him into the dirt like discarded  garbage. The men are down, yelling.
93) 5) text: His eyes moving to Sgt. Warren lying alongside a tree - c trying to stack his intestines back into his ruptured sto Another RPG comes in. Chris makes a conscious decision, moves up - bit by bit,  shielding himself with tree stumps, ant hills, laying out fire, trying to get closer to Lerner. Francis following his progress, bug-eyed. Fu Sheng now comes up with his M-60 - Harold his loader,  belts of ammo flapping against their bodies. He fires fro the hip, providing cover fire for Chris, then pops down.
94) 2) text: Lerner groans. A fresh burst of AK fire rakes the area.   Lerner jerks spasmodically with the impact of the rounds. Chris spots the sniper. In a hole in the ground. Twenty-f meters off. Snapping the magazine out of his AK to reload A live gook. Chris tears off a volley at him but the gook disappears i the hole. This is the moment, Chris realizes it, it's now never if Chris intends to get the gook. He's got to make move before the man has reloaded his weapon. He pulls his grenade, pops the pin. He lets the spoon fly off, activating the grenade-timer, as he humps to his fee and runs for the gook hole, concentrating, concentrating. That head is going to pop up any second with a freshly-lo weapon and tear his head off. Chris won't make it back to the hole. The throw has to be perfect. He won't get another chance. He heaves the frag, drops and rolls away. The throw is perfect, the golden ar of flight from the outfield nailing the baserunner. It tw cleanly in the hole. The explosion muffled but deadly. Chris scrambles to his feet, a look of almost total surpr on his face. He can't seem to believe he did it. Pointing his M-16 before him, he advances on the hole, looking ove the muzzle to see the badly-mangled NVA man twisted at th bottom. Chris hurries over to Lerner. He's in bad shape, hit in  several places, vaguely conscious.
94) 4) text: Fu Sheng laying out fire to protect them, Harold splittin off to get more ammo. Chris getting Lerner to his feet, hauling him back with a his strength, past Francis...
101) 0) text: Chris, further back, dumps Lerner with Doc who's got more than he can handle.
101) 2) text: Doc looking at him, a dark look of hopelessness. Lerner i mess, groaning, reaching for Chris' hand.
101) 3) dialog: ...don't... don't leave me man...
101) 7) text: Feeling like a liar, peeling the man's hands off him, lea him there looking numb. Chris is shaken, Lerner's blood a over him. He tears out after Rhah, linking up with Elias and Crawfo Elias motioning them to hurry. Another huge artillery rou exploding out to the front.
116) 2) text: Lerner goes by, horribly wounded on a makeshift litter, i the chopper, Doc attending, holding the IV. Chris catching a glimpse of him, waiting to get on the  chopper, turning to look as: Hoyt and Sgt. Warren, both wounded, are hurried aboard on litters. The chopper lifting off. Chris and others now running to the corpses of Flash,  Morehouse, and Fu Sheng lying under dirty ponchos, their  boots sticking out. The ponchos are blown away in a burst wind off the chopper blades, revealing their faces - dirt stuffing their eyes and mouths, waxen figures. Chris and the others lifting them and carrying them towar the next chopper now coming in. They throw the bodies on. Tubbs and Crawford, both wounde now move past Chris, into the chopper. Chris running back with King carrying a litter - their eyes falling on: Barnes talking with Wolfe and Ace, making signals under t roaring sounds of the chopper. Shaking his head. No. No E Chris and King looking at each other, mute. They numbly s loading Big Harold, minus his leg, onto the stretcher. The Third Chopper is down now, waiting, roaring blades  silhouetting off the face of the cathedral. A ROCKET BLAS suddenly goes off not too far from the chopper, incoming  fire. The DOOR GUNNER signaling for them to hurry, laying out fire.
151) 5) text: The music surges now to its full strength as we replay bi of film with each actor's name listed - some with silly,  clowning looks, others sober, haunted. Gardner, Tex, King Rhah, Lerner, Sanderson, Manny, Big Harold - all the boys and then Barnes staring quietly into the camera, and last Elias - shirt off, bowl of grass in hand, his big, beauti smile.