25) 0) text: FRANCES, MANNY, BUNNY and KING are huddled over another  mangled enemy corpse.
25) 3) dialog: What we fighting here, vampires?
32) 19) text: They go on ad-libbing with each other, teasing Doc, who's fairly straight, saying he wants to go to med school in t fall. 'Be what?''A gynecologist, man.''What dat?' Francis suggests, 'Dats a pussy doctor, man - he's gonna be Docto Feelgood, man!' They're all cracking up, finding every jo funny. As Chris finishes his hit on the pipe, looks up ac the smoke, already dazed, surprised to see ELIAS suddenly there - leaning out of his sling in a far corner of the h A Monkey is draped around his neck with silver bracelets, rings, a necklace - like a sensual little Egyptian whore, Elias playing with it, spaced out in a sleeveless vest, t pants. Dancing eyes on Chris, he swings out the hammock,  comes over with the monkey. Meanwhile Manny has broken into a high falsetto snatch of blues directed at Chris, joined by Big Harold and Francis all of them clicking their hands.
32) 40) dialog: She look huge and got freckles on  her ass.
32) 49) dialog: What happened man. What whorehouse  you go to?
32) 61) dialog: Dat's dat.
32) 86) dialog: Tamara?
34) 0) text: Francis, the baby-faced black, and Manny, green shades  covering his skinny face, lead with a high blues falsetto
34) 1) dialog: (singing) 'People say I'm the life of the party  cause I tell a joke or two Although  I may be laughing loud and hardy   Deep inside I'm blue...
37) 0) text: Lt. Wolfe signals Manny and Chris out onto the two flanks
40) 0) text: Manny, the skinny black boy with the coloured beads, is o on flank - alone, smoking a cigarette, humming.
58) 2) text: A moving shot approaching Manny. He's trussed with rope,  arms behind his back. Throat cut, eyes startled open, mou shaped in a scream of terror. Barnes, the other men looking... Chris. Barnes says it fo everyone, 'The motherfuckers...'
151) 5) text: The music surges now to its full strength as we replay bi of film with each actor's name listed - some with silly,  clowning looks, others sober, haunted. Gardner, Tex, King Rhah, Lerner, Sanderson, Manny, Big Harold - all the boys and then Barnes staring quietly into the camera, and last Elias - shirt off, bowl of grass in hand, his big, beauti smile.