7) 0) text: Rhah sets his tripflare. Crawford, with him, putting out claymore.
32) 0) text: King leads Chris down to a specially constructed cellar-l hutch dug deep into the ground on an isolated edge of the battalion perimeter. Ammo casing and canvas are piled ove it, and sandbags surround it. From the outside very littl sound can be heard as they go down through a trap door ma of ammo crates. Past a lookout (Adams) pulling security,  hitting a joint but alert. King motions to him, it's cool Inside is another world. Chris looking around amazed. It' like a private cabaret for the 'heads' who are there cool out. Boxes of food from the States, beers, whiskey bottle crates functioning as tables, hammocks hanging from poles electric fans, tape decks, paraphernalia. The boys are all dressed up in their Saturday night rags. The clothes are clean, the headbands, the medallions are  out, anything distinctive and individualistic. On the  tapedeck, Jefferson Airplane's 'Go Ask Alice'. To Chris it is a new world. And RHAH, the resident head,  sitting there in all his finery puffing a huge burning re bowl in a three foot long Montagnard pipe, seems to be th lord of final judgment in this smoky underworld. Across his naked chest, birds and snakes are tattooed. Ar his neck a black skull and white ivory cross side by side On his knuckles 'Love' and 'Hate' are tattooed. In his ey a dancing Satanic fire. A poor rural Southern white, in h grizzled late 20's, he could be a Biker King. Giving Chri the once-over.
32) 1) dialog: Whatcha doing in the underworld  Taylor?
32) 5) dialog: You lame Taylor?
32) 7) dialog: You lame or something?
32) 10) dialog: Your shit's in the wind troop.   Baaaaah!
32) 13) dialog: (looking at Lerner  with distaste) If you're gonna do it man, 'least do  it right.
32) 15) dialog: Baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!
32) 18) dialog: Bah, you're a child, Lerner. Rhah  don't waste time on you.
32) 48) text: The look on his face ensnares all of them, except perhaps Rhah.
32) 73) dialog: (finally hooked in) And living in Hawaii man?
32) 90) dialog: Merle? Jesus!... Patty?
34) 4) text: King and Big Harold wave Chris into the Circle and he sta swaying with them, feeling as if he's being accepted into new family. Rhah watches it all, puffing away on his magic dragon pip the shadows dancing on the walls. It looks like a Saturday night dance party. A yearning fo tenderness, for feminity, for a moment of peace in this  nightmare life. Their eyes closed, thinking of dance part that can't be here tonight. Singing their souls out.
38) 0) text: Rhah and King explore a treehouse. Rice stores. Rhah, an  experienced soldier, seems tense, moves cautiously, expec booby traps.
51) 0) text: Rhah crouches over a piece of leg tied into a hipbone and rib.
57) 0) text: Out on the flank position, where he once stood, Elias wal out, looks. The jungle is silent once again. Francis, Tub King follow. The others - Barnes, Lt.Wolfe, Warren, Chris Rhah...
67) 35) text: Barnes looks around. They all look around. Elias walks right up to him, followed by his men - King,  Rhah, Crawford, others from the rear party. He looks arou The corpse of the Wife... the Young Daughter sobbing.
75) 0) text: Hidden at the edge of the woodline, King hands back a bow of grass to Rhah, the chief head. They're puffing away.
75) 2) dialog: Found it. Growing in a garden.
75) 5) dialog: Yeah - stoned's the way to be...
82) 0) text: Elsewhere on the perimeter, Chris is digging out a foxhol with Rhah, as King and Lerner prepare the C's for dinner.
82) 1) dialog: I know Barnes six months and I'll  tell ya something - that man is MEAN,  red in his soul like a dick on a  dog.
82) 4) dialog: Barnes comes from Hell.
82) 6) dialog: Barnes took a bullet right there.   At Ia Drang Valley... (points to his forehead) And the cocksucker SURVIVED - that's  BAAAD man. That's his high, baby.  High on WAR!
82) 9) dialog: ...and you know how many times he  done been shot? (Chris shakes his  head) Seven times! (with his fingers) Seven.
82) 12) dialog: The Good Lord works his revenge in  strange ways.
82) 15) dialog: (smiles) You mean he's crazy? No more crazy'n  the rest of us been out in the bush  too long.
82) 17) dialog: That's what he is... Baaaa!
82) 19) dialog: ...and he's FILLED with it. He's  roaming these jungles looking for  little yellow devils to kill. Remember  the Devil does God's work too. (pause) ...and this here's Elias... Baaaa!
82) 23) dialog: Baaa, got no time to go to the movies.   Love and Hate too busy fighting for  possession of my soul.
82) 25) dialog: (interjecting) 'Lias come naturally.
82) 28) dialog: Not the only man to meet his Jezebel  either.
82) 33) dialog: Baaaa! Fuck it, they sold us out -  so what! What'd you'all expect?   Civilian life is phoney BULLSHIT  man. They're ROBOTS man - watchin'  dopey television and drivin' dopey  cars, and they fuck up, nobody dies.   That's all right, you keep fuckin'  up, politicians keep lyin'. Cause it  don't really matter. Don't mean shit.  So what! Whatcha want - a parade!  Fuck that too! No war time no grunt  never got no respect. Till he was  dead - and even THEN! You're fighting  for YOURSELF man! You're fighting  for your SOUL, dat's all. Remember  dat. And it's some goddamn battle  too - if you'se a man, wrestle with  that angel... (swings his entrenching  tool in a rhythmic  chain-gang style) ...Love and Hate - the whole shitbang  show, that's the story then and now  and it ain't hardly gonna change...
85) 0) text: The Platoon moves along a shallow STREAM bordering the ju A thick RAIN falls amid cracks of distant thunder. Chris, Rhah, Francis, Big Harold, others are at the rear of the  platoon, their ponchos pulled over them like big sad grey tents. There's a holdup ahead and the Men rest on rocks o stand. The rain makes a pointilistic pattern, the men col of grey, their rifles slung upside down to keep dry. Barnes is up ahead, out of the stream bank, on the radio.
88) 0) text: Back at the stream, Rhah, looking old and whiskered under his poncho hood, lights up a roach, puffs it. Another cra of thunder. Chris comes over, sits with him on his rock. Rhah passes him the joint. He smokes. Big Harold pulls a leech out of his open crotch area.
88) 12) text: The words carry over Chris staring out at the rain, feeli a leaden fatigued high. Passes the roach, down to a  millimeter, back to Rhah who points to his face.
88) 13) dialog: ...you got one right there.
91) 0) text: Chris moving up with Rhah and the others out of the strea they hit the ground next to Sgt. O'Neill, who looks prett scared, obviously not about to move.
91) 7) text: Chris uses his M-16 to lever himself up into a crouch and suddenly dashes forward, passing Rhah.
91) 8) dialog: Where you goin' man!
101) 4) text: A look between them. Rhah interjecting.
101) 5) dialog: Taylor - get your ass over here.   Move!
101) 7) text: Feeling like a liar, peeling the man's hands off him, lea him there looking numb. Chris is shaken, Lerner's blood a over him. He tears out after Rhah, linking up with Elias and Crawfo Elias motioning them to hurry. Another huge artillery rou exploding out to the front.
104) 4) text: Chris looking at Rhah. How does he know? Elias points out an imaginary line across the breaking mi
104) 6) dialog: (team leader) Gotcha.
104) 8) dialog: Where you going?
104) 13) dialog: (stringing them out) Okay Crawford - over here. Taylor -  down twenty yards behind that tree.
106) 0) text: Next to the Church deployed in the jungle, Rhah looks on, silent. Chris in his position, waits. It is so silent in comparis to the racket from the battle across the forest. The Mist clings to the trees, moist and lovely. Then, a flicker of movement, sound. Chris hears it, tightens. His POV - at fifty yards. An  evanescence of beige and green uniforms moving towards hi very fast, scurrying. They look like headless ghosts. Chris opens fire.
106) 2) text: Rhah and Crawford open up. A rachet of sound, one of the  figures seems to go down, then another but at this distan through jungle it is difficult to say. The firing just as suddenly breaks off and the silence returns.
106) 4) dialog: I got one...
106) 8) text: Attending him. Rhah runs up.
106) 9) dialog: Looks like a lung babe. But you're  gonna be all right, you only need  one of them fuckers.
106) 11) dialog: Stay cool. We gonna carry you out.
106) 12) text: Barnes appears, running towards them, looking down at  Crawford, at Rhah.
106) 13) dialog: Sarge, 'bout five gooks tried to...
106) 15) dialog: ...came through right over there. We  got three of them, we...
106) 19) text: Chris and Rhah look at Barnes sullenly, then reluctantly  start moving Crawford onto a poncho liner they use as a  litter.
113) 0) text: Chris and Rhah get Crawford back to the church grounds, l him down. No activity around them. Chris plunges back int the jungle where they left Barnes.
113) 1) dialog: Taylor!
117) 0) text: The 'heads' are assembled - what's left of them. Rhah, Ki Francis, Doc, Adam, a quiet black kid, and Chris, who is  impassioned tonight.
117) 7) dialog: (to Chris) Shit boy you been out in the sun too  long. You try that, he'll stick it  right back up your ass with a candle  on it.
117) 9) dialog: (to Chris) I suggest you watch your own asses  cause Barnes gonna be down on ALL OF  'EM.
117) 11) dialog: Shit man - Human nature.
117) 14) dialog: He dugged his own grave.
117) 16) dialog: He DUGGED it too.
117) 18) dialog: You guys trying to cure the headache  by cutting off the head. 'Lias didn't  ask you to fight his battles and if  there's a Heaven - and god, I hope  so - I know he's sitting up there  drunk as a fuckin' monkey and smokin'  shit cause HIS PAINS HE DONE LEFT  DOWN HERE. Baaaaaaaaa! (a vehement movement  of his head)
117) 21) dialog: I remember first time you came in  here Taylor you telling me how much  you admired that bastard.
117) 23) dialog: (snorts) Wrong? You ain't EVER been right -  'bout nothing. And dig this you  assholes and dig it good! Barnes  been shot 7 times and he ain't dead,  that tell you something? Barnes ain't  meant to die. Only thing can get  Barnes... is Barnes!
117) 32) text: Walks past Rhah, past King, throws the pot bowl into the  dirt of the floor.
117) 34) text: Almost an appeal - naked, intense. Rhah, Francis, Doc loo away. King, the biggest one there, is about to say something, b the moment passes. Chris waits, his anger on the rise. Barnes takes a swigger from the whiskey, then turns away  contemptuously.
117) 39) text: But Barnes is too quick and very strong and takes the blo getting outside Chris' arm, twisting and flipping him in wrestler's grip - throwing him hard onto his back on the  dirt floor. The expression of the Men watching slumps, their hopes da Barnes springs around on Chris, straddles him, one hand  pushing his face back, hits him hard. Once. Twice. Chris grimaces, groans, helpless now. A flick of sound. A knife whipped out of Barnes' boot and pressing against  Chris' throat. Chris bleeding from the nose and mouth. Rhah suddenly spinning into action, fast now, realizing w Barnes intends to do.
117) 40) dialog: EASY BARNES, EASY MAN!!!
117) 41) text: Barnes is on the verge - about to kill again. Chris waiting. Rhah coaxing him, moving closer.
117) 42) dialog: You'll do dinky dau in Long Binh  Barnes. Ten years - kill an enlisted.  Ten years, Barnes, just climb the  walls. DON'T DO IT...
119) 5) text: Rhah comes up, a walking stick in hand, huge pirate kerch on his head, semi-naked.
119) 6) dialog: You wanted to see me sir?
119) 8) dialog: Squad? I didn't know we was still  referring to this platoon in terms  of squads sir. (with a snicker for  Ace and Doc)
119) 10) dialog: Begging your pardon Lieutenant but  my holes are far enuff apart you  could run a regiment through there  and nobody'd see them - I got five  live bodies left...
119) 12) dialog: Hey Lieutenant I didn't ask for this  job, I...
119) 14) dialog: (amazed, looking off  at him) You don't want to hear about it?
119) 16) dialog: (shrugs, to himself) Right...
129) 8) dialog: (a fierce whisper) Taylor! Francis!
129) 10) text: Rhah jumps into their hole with them, out of breath.
129) 12) dialog: (gets his breath) Okay, here it is - one, we got gooks  in the fuckin' perimeter.
129) 14) dialog: They got through Alpha Company!  Anything behind you don't identify  itself, blow it away. Two - air  strike's coming in. They gonna lay  snake and nape right on the perimeter  so stay tight in your holes and don't  leave 'em.
129) 15) text: FLARES now shoot up over the perimeter. Reds, greens, yel squeaking as they float down on their parachute hinges  throughout the ensuing battle. The perimeter is illuminat at spotty intervals - sometimes arctic bright, sometimes  unexplainably dark til new flares shoot up. Chris, Francis, Rhah all look up at the light, and hug th holes even tighter, feeling naked in the light. Flares cu both ways.
129) 16) dialog: ...they're probing us, they gonna go  up and down this line all night trying  to get through. Stay cool... I'll be  back...
148) 0) text: Rhah, alive and well, is poking around the NVA corpses wi a long gnarled walking stick, looking like a crazy Johnny Appleseed with his pants rolled up on his thin hairy ankl and wearing a red bandana tied in a four-knot around his  head. As one of the APC SOLDIERS carves an ear off a dead NVA,  Rhah works his way through the torn bloody pocket of an N Troop in full rigor mortis, extracting what he thought wa there - a wrapped cellophane of heroin. Rhah's face glows with satisfaction as he tastes it, then snorts it. With a certain satisfaction of triumph over th grim circumstances.
148) 1) dialog: (to the powder) Yeah, that's good shit...
151) 0) text: Rhah, at the edge of the treeline, vigorously shakes his  walking stick at him, his other hand a fist, waving them, emitting his cry.
151) 1) dialog: Baaaaaaaaa!!!!!!
151) 2) text: Defiance. Pride. Dig me, I'm Rhah - and there isn't nobod like me in the world.
151) 5) text: The music surges now to its full strength as we replay bi of film with each actor's name listed - some with silly,  clowning looks, others sober, haunted. Gardner, Tex, King Rhah, Lerner, Sanderson, Manny, Big Harold - all the boys and then Barnes staring quietly into the camera, and last Elias - shirt off, bowl of grass in hand, his big, beauti smile.