8) 0) text: Back in the perimeter RODRIGUEZ sets his M-60 in the newl dug foxhole. SAL, next to him, is shaving in his helmet.
33) 15) text: Lt. WOLFE wanders down the aisle, beer in hand, slightly  lonely, bypassing FU SHENG, the Hawaiin and TONY, a musta hairy-browed Italian kid from Boston, who are playing som kind of dice game. They hardly acknowledge the Lieutenant who stops by RODRIGUEZ, the Mexican-American kid who is o his cot in his neatly arranged area writing a letter home with a pencil, forming his words with his mouth, as alway minding his own business. Religious objects comprise his decorations.
33) 17) dialog: Good sir.
33) 19) dialog: No sir.
67) 29) text: Chris' eyes... Rodriguez next to him, is neutral but will Francis is hesitant. Fu Sheng and Junior are ready to go for it. Lt. Wolfe is  powerless, frozen. Sgt. Warren stepping up. The massacre is just about to br The Villagers know it, kneel in prayer, mutter. Barnes suddenly grabs and drags a young 19 year-old Woman the Village Chief's daughter, across the pen, throws her  down on her knees, in front of the stunned Village Chief. She's screaming.
67) 51) text: Who wants to be reminded? A silence of shame. The Men mov away, Warren, Ace, Tony, Rodriguez, Barnes looking back o a cold glare. The Village Chief is a broken-looking man, huddled over h wife's body. Elias stands there, frustrated. Chris glances at him, moves out.
69) 0) text: Sgt. Warren and Rodriguez lighting another hooch on fire.
77) 0) text: Near the pig pen, a DOZEN SUSPECTS are being led away on  ropes by Tubbs, Warren, Rodriguez. The others left behind look back at their village in ruins, homes burning, lives dead or scattered, belongings thrown and broken in the di BABIES wail, the adults squat there on their heels watchi with absolutely no trace of outward emotion. Past this Bosch-like canvas, Chris - carrying the girl -  walks dazed by the horrors of this long afternoon.
117) 46) text: Chris sits at the very edge of a Huey Chopper, bandana ar his forehead, long hair blowing in the wind, Barnes' mark below his eyes, slicked out now like a jungle veteran, lo down at the VILLAGE where the massacre occurred. The Village is still a smoking ruin, a few peasants and w buffalo straggling like ants to reconstruct. Bunny, next to Chris, pops his gum, indifferent. Barnes,  next to him, shifts, reads a map. Rodriguez is praying, his mouth moving without audible wo getting ready for the drop. King is making last minute adjustments in his pack. Bunny now nudges Chris, points. The Church in the Jungle  where Elias was killed is visible. An outline of the Ceme Uncomfortable memories play over Chris' face.
121) 0) text: On another foxhole, Rodriguez positions his M-60, brings his ammo belts (no loaders left). Tony eating, nervous,  watches him, shakes his head.
121) 2) dialog: (a thick Mexican accent) What do you want me to say, it's all  the same ol' shit.
149) 3) text: CAPTAIN HARRIS doesn't respond; at this point he doesn't  give a shit, standing apart from the radios looking numbl at the remnants of his boys filtering by on litters. Chris intersects him now, Harris' eyes looking blankly, t nodding sickly trying to give him encouragement. Just com to the edge of tears, choking it back, and turning back.  These are his sons who are lost. A good officer. Rodriguez, wounded, is lifted up in his litter and moved to the waiting MEDIVAC CHOPPER, a huge red cross painted a white square. Doc goes by on another litter, then Ace, Adams, Huffmeist etc. Then Francis is littered by, bandages around his leg, a b smile on his face.