5) 0) text: The COMPANY - about 100 men who seem insignificant amid t size of the surrounding jungle - is digging into a perime of some 100-yard radius. A RESUPPLY CHOPPER lifts off in flurry of blowing leaves. Bare-chested soldiers chop down trees, clear fields of fire, set out claymores, fill sand chow down. Little fires snake up against the greying red  horizon.
23) 0) text: Barnes stands over a moaning, ripped up ENEMY SOLDIER. FI his M-16 point blank into the head. The Soldier bucks and dies, quivering.
38) 0) text: Rhah and King explore a treehouse. Rice stores. Rhah, an  experienced soldier, seems tense, moves cautiously, expec booby traps.
78) 0) text: The soldiers depart the village. A huge EXPLOSION now roc the earth and sends a spray of smoke into the blue sky as the weapons cache explodes in stages that sound like the of the world.
111) 0) text: An NVA SOLDIER, jungle-whiskered, dirty, smart, crouches, listens, looks to his PARTNER. What are they fighting her The First One mutters something sharp and they split fast the direction they've come. They get about six steps when Elias suddenly rises up fro the bush, not ten yards in front of them, his shots rippi into them, driving the surprised life from them. Elias is gone.
120) 2) text: The LAST SOLDIER in the file recedes into the foliage.
129) 25) text: The SOLDIER now runs in like a fullback going down for th tackle, sprawling into the hole, knocking Chris and Franc down beneath him. He is sweating, terrified, a white boy with an unrecogniz filthy face, no rifle, no helmet, his fatigues torn all o
129) 27) text: Chris gives him his canteen, his shoulder and neck hurtin from the collision. The Soldier sucks down the canteen.
129) 30) text: The Soldier struggling out of the foxhole.
131) 2) text: A sudden burst of FIRE cuts the Sergeant down in his trac and the Figures fly by. Soldiers in the immediate area spot them.
136) 8) dialog: Diiiiikaaeeeeeee!
143) 0) text: BARNES swings his mashed M-16 full into the FACE of an en SOLDIER who screams and goes down, Barnes chopping at him with his club. His helmet is gone, his shirt ripped to sh his shoulder bleeding, making his last stand against the  hated Gooks. Nearby HUFFMEISTER is hit in the shoulder by a running FI and collapses into the bottom of the foxhole, crying out pain. The running FIGURE runs past right into the full force of BARNES' swinging rifle. SMACK! He crumples.
143) 1) text: Chris bellies into the area, see Barnes, recognizes him,  amazed. An ENEMY fires, taking Barnes high in the left thigh. A p of skin blowing off. Barnes rigidly goes down on his left knee like a wounded horse. Holds there, staring into the  Enemy, waiting for the coup de grace. A series of SHOUTS and the Enemy staggers dead as: Chris lays out a curtain of fire. A GRENADE goes off near him, blowing off his helmet. Dazed, Chris rushes forward  firing from the hip - sucked into Barnes' suicidal vacuum He cuts down an Enemy as: Barnes, given a new lease, limps angrily forward and tack a wounded Enemy trying to crawl away, terrified at the si of Barnes coming after him. Barnes lets out a vivid screa And beats the soldier mercilessly, half the stock of his 16 flying apart broken. Chris swivels alert on his knees. A pause. No more enemy. Turns to Barnes, his back to Chris still beating at the d corpse.
145) 8) text: Chris nods. The Soldier pointing to the LZ behind him as sign he should go that way. The other Soldier already  stripping the NVA dead, as the APC grinds on into the jun reconnoitering. Chris walks out of the jungle, head bowed, nauseated, mix feelings roiling him.
147) 0) text: In another foxhole, O'Neill, unscratched but covered with dirt, waits tentatively as SOLDIERS arrive at his hole.  They're a little awed by the sight of the tough-looking  O'Neill emerging from his foxhole like Sgt. Rock, dozens dead NVA littered around him.
148) 0) text: Rhah, alive and well, is poking around the NVA corpses wi a long gnarled walking stick, looking like a crazy Johnny Appleseed with his pants rolled up on his thin hairy ankl and wearing a red bandana tied in a four-knot around his  head. As one of the APC SOLDIERS carves an ear off a dead NVA,  Rhah works his way through the torn bloody pocket of an N Troop in full rigor mortis, extracting what he thought wa there - a wrapped cellophane of heroin. Rhah's face glows with satisfaction as he tastes it, then snorts it. With a certain satisfaction of triumph over th grim circumstances.
149) 0) text: CHRIS is hauled out on a litter. Morphined, his eyes watc it all from somewhere deep in his brain. Passing: Groups of SOLDIERS looking like bowery bums and moving li rats through the smoke and garbage snooping for souvenirs with wheezy tired eyes and grunts of greed. Passing a bulldozed PIT with heaps of NVA BODIES in them. BULLDOZER pushing another set of bodies in, like photos o Nazi death camp. Nearby, two burly SOLDIERS lift a WOMAN NURSE and with a  once-through build for momentum, toss the fresh body into the pit. Chris, numb, goes by.