12) 0) text: Elsewhere, Chris scrapes out a foxhole, his shirt off,  bandanna around his head, the work hot and heavy. TEX is out there setting the claymore as BIG HAROLD and J start breaking down their C's.
14) 0) text: Later. On the very edge of the perimeter, darkness coming down fast, the men in the ambush patrol rustle into their packs, all of them bitching. Tex, carrying the M-60, looks up at the glowering sky.
14) 1) dialog: Shit, looks like rain. All night  too. Gonna grow mushrooms in your  bad-ass crotch Junior.
14) 13) text: Tex is a sour Texas Ranger type, chews tobacco, spits.
14) 14) dialog: Damn, 'Lias this gun's boss. Put  Taylor someplace else.
15) 0) text: A piece of an old Buddhist temple, under a sulky moonligh now in a state of decay, the jungle surging to engulf it. The Men are setting up quickly and relatively quietly in ruins - alongside a minuscule trail. The rain is coming d harder than ever. Chris and Tex setting out their claymore mines, raveling  back their detonating cords to their position, drenched. the far distance, an ILLUMINATION ROUND brightens the sky for a brief moment. Various ad lib curses and directions lost in the sound of the rain.
17) 1) dialog: Taylor, you're on.
17) 3) text: The rain continuing to pelt them. Tex hands him an infrar scope.
17) 4) dialog: (suspicious) You sure you know how to work the  claymore?
17) 6) text: Tex curls up as best he can in his poncho to sleep.
17) 7) dialog: Okay... don't catch no zzz's on me  buddy or I'll sling your motherfucking  ass... You hear me?
17) 9) dialog: Sin Loi. ('tough luck', closes  his teeth) Chris lets it go, scans the jungle  and trail with the scope. The POV is  greasy and blurred. He puts it aside.
19) 0) text: Chris jerks awake - very suddenly, very frightened. THE R HAS STOPPED. The jungle sounds are loud. Cicadas, night  animals, water dripping hypnotically from leaf to leaf. A the whirr of a million mosquitoes out after the rains, ch at Chris' face. He looks around, startled. Tex is asleep. Junior is asleep. What happened? He looks his watch. The mosquitoes are eating him alive. He buries his head in his green towel which he wears around his nec but he can't see. A beat. He moves again, miserable from bites. Another beat. Then suddenly the sounds of the jung shift - some of the animals dropping out. A different ton A piece of wood is stepped on, a rustle of bush... Chris sees something, lifts an edge of the towel to peek  out. A shadow of a figure is frozen there in front of him abou 15 yards. It looks like a man. But it doesn't move. At al It listens. Chris, his heart in his mouth, tries to peer through it.  It's a bush. It has to be. No human being could stand tha still. His heartbeats are up. The moments take forever. B deep down - somewhere in his psyche - he knows who it is. The figure now shifts, ever so slightly - and moves. It I human being. Oh my God! Chris looks around. Tex seems like a mile away. Why doesn anyone fire! He casts a desperate look at his rifle, at h grenades encrusted with mud, but in spite of all his trai he is frozen with indecision and fear at the sight of his enemy. The figure seems to whisper something back, then turns an comes down the trail. Now a second and third figure appea behind him - all in helmets and packs. All coming right p Chris' position. Ten yards. Nine. Chris is rigid with terror. Stark eyes. Pleading with Tex wake up, but out of reach. He is about to have an anxiety attack, his heartbeats so far up he is sure they will hea him. The first figure is now directly in front of Chris on the trail, looking left and right. A rattle of his equipment, creak of leather. A smell. The man's face now catches the moonlight and his eyes come around on Chris. Oriental eyes. Looking right at him. Startled. Chris star back, hypnotized. It all happens very fast. The figure mu something in Vietnamese. A warning. He swivels. A flash of muzzle fire. A raking cough of automatic fire. grenade explosion. Chris is hurled to the ground, helmet bouncing off, scatt confused, jarred. All hell breaks loose around him with N and SHOUTS. Tex, kissing the ground, is yelling at him.
19) 1) dialog: THE CLAYMORE! GET THOSE FUCKERS!
19) 2) text: Chris, not knowing what he's doing, is fumbling with the  claymore handles, presses them. INSERT: They won't give. tries again and again to the squeeze the life out of them Tex is screaming at him.
19) 3) dialog: THE SAFETY! TAKE THE SAFETY OFF YOU...
22) 0) text: An explosion. Chris hits the deck. Tex is now on the M-60 machine gun, yelling at Junior who cringing on the ground.
22) 1) dialog: Feed me!
22) 3) dialog: AAAAAGHHH! MY ARM! MY ARM!
22) 8) text: The firing has ceased. A silence, punctuated by occasiona shouts and fast moments, has enveloped once more the ceme Doc crashes through the bush, kneels over Tex, who contin to howl in deep pain.
22) 9) dialog: (freaked out) MY ARM! JESUS FUCKING CHRIST!
22) 14) text: As he slips the morphine into Tex's arm.
22) 15) dialog: (muttering at Chris) ...godamn! Godamn! DUMB FUCKER, DUMB  FUCKER!
22) 19) text: Barnes and Big Harold come hustling up. Doc finishes tourniquetting Tex, cradles Chris onto the e his flashlight probing the wound. Tex in background conti to thrash and moan. Chris waits, tensely for the verdict, his eyes big with f on Doc, who takes out his morphine.
22) 24) text: The needle goes in. Tex lets out this strange keening moa that sets everyone's teeth on edge.
22) 28) text: Tex's moans are maddening and scary. Barnes suddenly clam his hand over Tex's mouth shutting him up and from way do deep in his throat, chokes out the words.
22) 30) text: Tex's eyes roll wildly, uncomprehending. Doc and Big Haro looking at Barnes, wondering. Tex is suddenly silent, sho Barnes stands, an icy glare, goes. Junior scrambles over Tex's side. Doc runs off. Big Harold cradles Chris, his big black hands like a moth reassuring him.
26) 5) text: Elias and Barnes go with King. Past Chris and Tex who are ambulatory and bandaged, being helped along. As Barnes pa the men look at him, everybody quickly senses something i wrong.
71) 0) text: Barnes and Huffmeister, a big German kid from Texas, are  laying the cord to blow the weapons cache.
151) 5) text: The music surges now to its full strength as we replay bi of film with each actor's name listed - some with silly,  clowning looks, others sober, haunted. Gardner, Tex, King Rhah, Lerner, Sanderson, Manny, Big Harold - all the boys and then Barnes staring quietly into the camera, and last Elias - shirt off, bowl of grass in hand, his big, beauti smile.