33) 15) text: Lt. WOLFE wanders down the aisle, beer in hand, slightly  lonely, bypassing FU SHENG, the Hawaiin and TONY, a musta hairy-browed Italian kid from Boston, who are playing som kind of dice game. They hardly acknowledge the Lieutenant who stops by RODRIGUEZ, the Mexican-American kid who is o his cot in his neatly arranged area writing a letter home with a pencil, forming his words with his mouth, as alway minding his own business. Religious objects comprise his decorations.
60) 0) text: Tony suddenly points, excited, calls to Barnes.
60) 1) dialog: There goes one!
67) 4) dialog: He's a dink fo sure.
67) 16) dialog: Waste the fucker, then see who talks.
67) 27) text: Tony advances, the hairy Italian kid from Boston.
67) 28) dialog: Let's go all the way, let's go for  it! Let's do the whole fucking  village. Come on, Sarge.
67) 51) text: Who wants to be reminded? A silence of shame. The Men mov away, Warren, Ace, Tony, Rodriguez, Barnes looking back o a cold glare. The Village Chief is a broken-looking man, huddled over h wife's body. Elias stands there, frustrated. Chris glances at him, moves out.
76) 0) text: In a ditch running alongside the Village, partially conce by foliage and anthills, Tony, Morehouse, and the ubiquit Bunny have a 12-YEAR-OLD VIETNAMESE GIRL pinned to the gr gagged and squirming, naked. They are fucking her to deat Junior looks on, both curious and disgusted, but doesn't  take part.
76) 1) dialog: Take her up the ass...
76) 5) dialog: What the fuck you want - she's a  dink.
76) 7) text: He seems disconnected, dazed by the sun, like he's talkin to dogs - loud, repetitive words coming out of an anger h can barely control, trying to restore some sanity to a wo gone totally nuts today. Don't they understand? Don't the have any sense of a mind? Any kind of decency? The Men looking at him as if he's the one who's gone nuts not them. Bunny looking at Morehouse looking at Tony look at Junior. The irony is lost on them, as Chris pushes thr to help the poor girl put her scanty clothes back on.
119) 0) text: All this is watched from a distance by Ace and Doc and Lt Wolfe at the Platoon CP. Ace and Doc are digging the foxh the ace of spades in Ace's helmet band, sharing the  information with Tony and Francis.
119) 3) dialog: I heard we's in Cambodia right fuckin'  NOW.
121) 0) text: On another foxhole, Rodriguez positions his M-60, brings his ammo belts (no loaders left). Tony eating, nervous,  watches him, shakes his head.
121) 1) dialog: Rumor goin' round is they got tanks.  Soviet shit, T-34's... (pause) Hey Rodriguez, don't you ever say  nothing?
121) 3) text: Tony shrugs, back to his food.