13) 0) text: Towards the end of this voice over, we cut to Sgt. BARNES moving towards the PLATOON PC. A powerful face, a quiet,  angry fixed stare, a thick trimmed moustache that helps  conceal a network of plastic surgery grafts and scars. Th distortion from the jaw up the left side of his face to h forehead, punctuated by a severe indentation above the le eye where a bullet once penetrated his skull. Walking with him is Sgt. O'NEILL as they join WOLFE, Sgts ELIAS and WARREN at the PLATOON PC where they're huddled  over maps. Warren is a black, thin, tall, paranoid man wi untrusting eyes, silent and bitter.
33) 20) text: Wolfe winks at him, continues on to the POKER GAME going in the center of the barracks, the main action. BARNES, S O'NEILL and WARREN, the quiet sullen black, SANDERSON and SAL play as ACE, the tiny radio kid, and MOREHOUSE look o all of them drinking beer and bourbon chasers from a bott
39) 0) text: Sgt. Warren cautiously explores another bunker, probing a little tunnel in the bottom of it with a stick. Bunny, ha a small frame, goes down into it, fearless.
56) 2) dialog: Manny!... Hey Buchanan.
57) 0) text: Out on the flank position, where he once stood, Elias wal out, looks. The jungle is silent once again. Francis, Tub King follow. The others - Barnes, Lt.Wolfe, Warren, Chris Rhah...
61) 1) dialog: Get em out! Get em out!
65) 0) text: Barnes stares down at a WEAPONS CACHE buried cleverly  underneath the rice urns. Ace, Fu Sheng, Sgt. Warren, Lt. Wolfe, others, are digging it out. It's in white plastic  wrappings - a load of AK-47's, rockets, grenades, claymor carbines, flares, NVA uniforms. A real find.
65) 1) dialog: (to Barnes) ...and over here there's enough rice  to feed a whole fuckin' regiment...
67) 29) text: Chris' eyes... Rodriguez next to him, is neutral but will Francis is hesitant. Fu Sheng and Junior are ready to go for it. Lt. Wolfe is  powerless, frozen. Sgt. Warren stepping up. The massacre is just about to br The Villagers know it, kneel in prayer, mutter. Barnes suddenly grabs and drags a young 19 year-old Woman the Village Chief's daughter, across the pen, throws her  down on her knees, in front of the stunned Village Chief. She's screaming.
67) 41) text: But they roll on, smashing each other's faces in. Both qu fast, agile, mean fighters. Sgts. O'Neill and Warren drag them apart.
67) 51) text: Who wants to be reminded? A silence of shame. The Men mov away, Warren, Ace, Tony, Rodriguez, Barnes looking back o a cold glare. The Village Chief is a broken-looking man, huddled over h wife's body. Elias stands there, frustrated. Chris glances at him, moves out.
69) 0) text: Sgt. Warren and Rodriguez lighting another hooch on fire.
73) 0) text: Wolfe, Ace, Tubbs, Warren, Rogriguez rope the DOZEN SUSPE VILLAGERS together to take them back for questioning. Elias watches the Villagers mourn their losses. In the  background, explosions, hooches popping with flames, the  yells of the violations of the Village winding down.
77) 0) text: Near the pig pen, a DOZEN SUSPECTS are being led away on  ropes by Tubbs, Warren, Rodriguez. The others left behind look back at their village in ruins, homes burning, lives dead or scattered, belongings thrown and broken in the di BABIES wail, the adults squat there on their heels watchi with absolutely no trace of outward emotion. Past this Bosch-like canvas, Chris - carrying the girl -  walks dazed by the horrors of this long afternoon.
86) 0) text: Lerner's on point, resting in the shadow of a decaying ol French Catholic Church from the 19th Century. The jungle long ago won the battle, vines creeping into the cracks,  remnants of arches layered around the church at the epice Behind Lerner is Sgt. Warren and his radioman.
89) 2) text: Sgt. Warren, picking up a quick azimuth on his lensatic  compass, points. Lerner moves in the new direction.
90) 1) dialog: Ambush! Incoming! Fucking incoming!
93) 5) text: His eyes moving to Sgt. Warren lying alongside a tree - c trying to stack his intestines back into his ruptured sto Another RPG comes in. Chris makes a conscious decision, moves up - bit by bit,  shielding himself with tree stumps, ant hills, laying out fire, trying to get closer to Lerner. Francis following his progress, bug-eyed. Fu Sheng now comes up with his M-60 - Harold his loader,  belts of ammo flapping against their bodies. He fires fro the hip, providing cover fire for Chris, then pops down.
116) 2) text: Lerner goes by, horribly wounded on a makeshift litter, i the chopper, Doc attending, holding the IV. Chris catching a glimpse of him, waiting to get on the  chopper, turning to look as: Hoyt and Sgt. Warren, both wounded, are hurried aboard on litters. The chopper lifting off. Chris and others now running to the corpses of Flash,  Morehouse, and Fu Sheng lying under dirty ponchos, their  boots sticking out. The ponchos are blown away in a burst wind off the chopper blades, revealing their faces - dirt stuffing their eyes and mouths, waxen figures. Chris and the others lifting them and carrying them towar the next chopper now coming in. They throw the bodies on. Tubbs and Crawford, both wounde now move past Chris, into the chopper. Chris running back with King carrying a litter - their eyes falling on: Barnes talking with Wolfe and Ace, making signals under t roaring sounds of the chopper. Shaking his head. No. No E Chris and King looking at each other, mute. They numbly s loading Big Harold, minus his leg, onto the stretcher. The Third Chopper is down now, waiting, roaring blades  silhouetting off the face of the cathedral. A ROCKET BLAS suddenly goes off not too far from the chopper, incoming  fire. The DOOR GUNNER signaling for them to hurry, laying out fire.