3) 0) text: A Muslim family sits together at a table under a tented- canopy: 32 year-old MAN nervously chewing on a toothpick, his 8 and 15 year-old SONS. The 8yo leans his weight into old MAN hunched and obscured by his grandson - this is hi Grandfather. He gently rubs the Boy’s head with an ancien left hand. The Boy finger-paints in Arabic script, right left, getting paint on the table. Read the translation: T is no God but Allah. The Grandfather's face is down, obscured by his shumagh: head-wrap worn by some Muslim men. Never a clear view of face. His 32 year old Son and eldest Grandson sit next to them, the Son talking quietly on a cell phone, chewing th toothpick, eyes set on something in the distance: A Secur Gate three hundred yards away, the entrance to some sort compound. The Compound looks like a walled-off subdivisio most of which we can see from this high up. The landscape is foreign. Scrub desert. Ten miles beyond, the horizon: the shimmer of a modern skyline. Surreal monolithic shapes made more so by the heat. Muted yells-claps-screams waft in from that Compound now. Catches the youngest Grandson’s attention. Eyes lift up f his painting: the yells-claps-screams are coming from a softball game mostly visible behind the Compound’s reinfo walls that extend a mile in each direction. Played on the only stretch of green grass visible from this vantage.
5) 0) text: Stay with the Range Rover as it moves deeper into the complex. Think middle-class Phoenix suburb circa 1960: st homes sandwiched between dormitory style apartment blocks concrete and rock where grass should be. The Range Rover passes a tank with a caged SOLDIER on top sitting behind a fifty caliber GUN. A Police Land Cruiser parked in the middle of the road is the last of the secur Official markings, emergency lights in the grill. 11 12 KINGDOM 8/18/06 7. EXT. UNKNOWN ROOFTOP —- SAME MOMENT 11 The Son studies the compound through binoculars, while th youngest Grandson squints to study the softball game: Interest cut with jealousy. More muted cheers float. Behi and above him, his Grandfather’s voice, rough as sand, to 32 year-old Son, in Arabic:
107) 1) dialog: (in Arabic, frantic)