39) 0) text: Doctor LAWRENCE covers one ear with his hand as he yells into the phone.
62) 0) text: A medic is bending over ENZO, taking his blood pressure. ROBERTO pulls the tuxedo jacket down.  The doctor puts a blood pressure band around ENZO'S upper arm, pumps it up. He listens with his stethoscope.
62) 1) dialog: Mr. Molinari, I'm terribly sorry but I cannot allow you to dive in such an advanced state of exhaustion. ENZO jumps to his feet, grabs the doctor by his lapels, lifts him in the air.
62) 4) dialog: You dive at your own risk.  You're been warned. ENZO smiles and pats the doctor on the shoulder.
68) 5) text: Shall we call a doctor?
106) 0) text: The doctor enters with a folder, speaks to JOHANA
106) 1) dialog: Well Miss Cross, herbs aren't going to do the trick this time.
106) 4) dialog: I think so.  You're pregnant... Congratulations!  If that's in order? JOHANA breaks into a wide grin.
106) 6) dialog: I don't think it's me you have to thank.
130) 0) text: ENZO and ROBERTO are on the front deck watching the divers. A German diver comes up to the surface, empty handed. ENZO smiles. The Tahitian comes out of the water in a semi-coma.  The doctors carry him away.  Once he's sure that the diver is out of danger, ENZO smiles again. A whole team of Japanese walk over to the diving platform The team consists of one diver and six assistants, three of them playing music to help the diver concentrate.  The diver wears a white wet suit with a red circle on his forehead.  He is concentrating very hard, so much that ENZO walks over to him to make sure he's okay.  The Japanese diver concentrates with such strength that he faints.
132) 1) text: JACQUES dives down very fast.  The control takes place at 200 feet, the doctors check him and let him go.  He continues his descent, it's getting darker and darker around him. The gueuse stops at the level of the underwater platform, just below the diver, who swims over to him in a sea of bubbles from his oxygen bottles.  He asks JACQUES if he i alright, JACQUES nods and gives him a huge smile before swimming off, downwards! The diver realizes and starts after him.  He grabs JACQUE by one of his fins and pulls him back to the round platform.  JACQUES lets go of the balloon. The diver panics.  JACQUES slowly motions that everything is fine and slowly paddles up to the surface.
143) 0) text: ENZO puts his flippers on and grabs his gueuse.  He is serious, concentrating hard. LAWRENCE'S boat slides along the big Committee Boat and the DOCTOR climbs onto it.
145) 8) text: It's not safe, they say.  The doctors say it isn't possible to go deeper and live.  Free diving is over as a sport.
146) 0) text: They pull ENZO out of the water.  The doctors open his jacket.  ENZO motions to JACQUES to come close.  He still has that long smile.
147) 0) text: The doctors have run over and are pulling the cable that JACQUES is attached to.  He is unconscious when they pull him up.  They hold him up by his feet.  JACQUES throws up gallons of water.  They put an oxygen mask on his face.
147) 1) dialog: (listening to his heartbeat)
147) 2) text: The heart is going to stop!  The stimulator, quickly. Suddenly, everything collapses for JACQUES.  Sounds disappear.  The image slows down, the light fades. JACQUES only hears his heartbeat, which slows down. His heart stops. Among the crowd around him, he sees JOHANA, fresh, gentle smiling.  Her movements are smooth and slowed down.  She smiles at him, simply.  JACQUES smiles back.  The heart starts again slowly. The image goes back to normal. Sounds multiply (doctors, the panic, etc...) and slowly come back. JACQUES falls unconscious.
147) 3) dialog: The heart started again!  It's all right! NOVELLI falls back in his chair, relieved.