2) 0) text: JACQUES reaches a ledge jutting out over a deserted cove. He spits in his mask... expertly spreads the spit with a finger... locks his feet into the flippers... and dives. He surfaces a long way out... adjusts his mask... and swims away from shore.
2) 2) text: JACQUES touches bottom.  Clamps his legs around a rock to hold himself down.  Unhurried, thoroughly at home, 40 fee under... he opens the plastic bag.  A huge speckled moray eel appears in a hole in the rock, slithers toward him. The carnivore's jaws are bigger than the boy's head. The boy smiles at him.  Pulls a piece of raw meat out of his bag and holds it out.  The eel takes the morsel delicately -- and slithers back into his hole. Gravely, JACQUES takes another morsel out of the bag.
3) 0) text: JACQUES walks up a steep road bordering the port, almost dry now. Two boys about his age run up the streets; call out, catc up with him and gesture toward the port.
4) 0) text: The little boys tug JACQUES to the end of the pier and point to something in the water.
4) 2) dialog: (squinting)
4) 6) dialog: Ok.  I'll get it, but no fighting, all right? The two boys nod as they point to the coin.
4) 7) dialog: We'll split it.
4) 10) dialog: Then we'll buy something and split that.
4) 12) dialog: It's a small coin.
4) 15) dialog: (interrupting them)
4) 17) dialog: Well.  We'll decide later.  The light is going.
4) 20) dialog: All right, all right... Can I concentrate?  And you can stop pointing.  I've seen it.
4) 23) text: Shit, it's the Italian! He is slightly older than JACQUES but he is taller.  ENZO is with ROBERTO, his younger brother, the only one allowe to carry his flippers.  Five kids are behind him.
4) 25) dialog: (cool)
4) 26) text: Fine! ENZO pats JACQUES on the shoulder and leaves his hand there -- a lightly intimidating gesture.
4) 28) dialog: (intimidated, and pretending not to be)
4) 40) text: Who's is it now?  You saw it but I dove for it! JACQUES doesn't answer. ENZO smiles and slowly puts the coin in his pocket.  He pulls it out again and waves it under JACQUES' nose.
4) 49) text: You can't split a coin, stupid. ENZO laughing, sticks the coin in his pocket and leaves the pier with his gang. The pope smiles and pulls a coin from his pocket. With his flippers dangling from one hand, JACQUES sadly stares out at the sea.  The pope calls him over.
4) 52) dialog: (overjoyed)
4) 55) dialog: Padre? He looks at the ancient impression on the coin -- "Boy on a Dolphin".
5) 0) text: A BURLY MAN, around fifty, crosses the room in the shadow and throws open the shutters with a bang.  Sunlight pours in.  He walks over to JACQUES' bed in the one room house, and runs his hand through his hair.
5) 2) text: ... Come on, time to get up, Jacques! JACQUES rubs his eyes.  His father walks over to a pile o blankets on the floor, on the other side of the room.  He gives the pile a kick.
5) 4) text: Louis, wake up! He uncovers a kettle on the fire and ladles up a big bowl of soup for Jacques.  A fifty year old man pokes his head out from under the pile of blankets.  It's UNCLE LOUIS, who is having a very hard time, waking up.
6) 0) text: JACQUES bursts out of the house, running.  Diving gear under his arm.  A piece of buttered bread in his mouth. He catches up with his father and UNCLE LOUIS.  They're o a path winding down to the port.  JACQUES slows down abruptly.  Tries to imitate their stride.  The weather is balmy and the sea lies before them, peaceful and blue.
8) 0) text: On board.  JACQUES' Father checks the antique air pump. JACQUES polishes the enormous copper diver's helmet and lays out the rest of an old fashioned deep sea diver's suit. At the foot of an old monastery another boat passes. The Priest is in it. JACQUES' Father and LOUIS take off their caps.  JACQUES takes the gold coin out of his pocket. The pope nods to JACQUES.  His father looks over at him without understanding.  The child quickly puts the coin back in his pocket.
9) 0) text: LOUIS casts anchor.  A few feet away, siting on a rock, the kid with little round glasses is fishing.  He turns around to the boat.  JACQUES smiles and waves at him. ENZO waves back, obviously disturbed in his fishing session.
9) 2) dialog: You shouldn't dive everyday, Papa.
9) 5) text: Don't worry.  When I'm tired down there, the mermaids help me out. Father and son smile at each other.  Then his father puts the helmet on.  JACQUES joins LOUIS at the pump. The heavy diver's suit disappears slowly underwater.  The gleaming copper helmet is the last thing to slide out of sight. JACQUES and LOUIS work the pump.  Regular, steady motions to maintain the flow of air.
9) 8) dialog: No. They keep on pumping for a while, then...
10) 2) dialog: What?
10) 4) dialog: (in a completely flat tone)
11) 0) text: JACQUES and LOUIS are pumping silently.  UNCLE LOUIS feel obliged to answer JACQUES' question. UNCLE LOUIS finally breaks the silence and explains:
11) 2) dialog: (with a slight grin)
11) 6) text: Jacques!  Jacques! The last air bubbles are now breaking on the surface; it looks as if they will never stop.
23) 0) text: The storm is at its peak.  The frozen snowmobile plows along side the lake HUACRACOCHA and stops in front of a cluster of quonset huts almost completely buried in snow. FRANK gets the bags out of the back.  The suitcases are b now frozen stiff.  JOHANA follows in his steps. A couple of llamas are huddled up against the hut in attempt to protect themselves from the storm. JOHANA is bewildered.  Shacks in the middle of the Andes, the lake of the "Demon", and now llama that have to be pushed aside to enter one's home. As FRANK opens the door, a man is leaving the hut.  The man is JACQUES MAYOL.  JOHANA and JACQUES pass each other in slow motion.  Everything seems suddenly suspended: time, sound, cold... JACQUES MAYOL instantly makes an impression on her.  He i now 34, still dark-haired, with dark eyes.  He is wearing a red diving suit and a pair of round goggles.  He looks like some legendary creature one would dream about. Everything finally regains its formal speed.  The door slams, the man is gone.  She and FRANK are in the middle of the entrance hall.  JOHANA hasn't yet gotten over the vision she has just had, but she regains composure and enters the next room.
25) 0) text: At the end of the dock, JACQUES who is sitting on the edg of a hole which is cut in the ice, is putting a pair of gloves on.  He then grabs the handles of a strange machin which emerges from the water and starts taking deep breaths, oblivious to the cold, his mind completely elsewhere.
25) 18) dialog: JACQUES stops his machine by turning one of the handles. He's deep beneath the surface of the frozen lake.  He swims deliberately, carefully into a large tube which is hinged open.  He closes it around himself.  His heart is still slowing down.  He pushes a button on the machine, and a flash of light bursts in the opaque night surrounding him.
26) 1) dialog: (puzzled)
26) 4) dialog: (serious)
26) 8) dialog: (with a beautiful smile)
26) 9) text: Then it was somebody that looked a lot like you... Thank you. JACQUES then turns around and walks toward the huts. JOHANA still hasn't moved, as if petrified by her emotion and the severe cold.  She then walks up to the hole in th ice and peers into the dark water.  She shudders.
27) 0) text: JOHANA emerges from a down sleeping bag.  She's wearing a big sweater and a wool hat.  She is not sleeping. Intrigued by the sound of the snowmobile, she gets up and walks over to the frozen window.  JACQUES and FRANK are loading their luggage onto the snowmobile. Outside, LAWRENCE is saying "Goodbye" to JACQUES.  Unseen JOHANA also waves from behind her curtain.  JACQUES sense something:  he turns around toward the cabin and smiles, waving his hand at JOHANA.  She hides behind the curtain and shyly waves back. JACQUES gets into the snowmobile and drives out of the frame.  We are left with an endless array of snow-caped mountains.
29) 0) text: From behind all his bags, JACQUES obsessively stares at the sea. The driver smiles.
30) 0) text: The taxi comes to a stop in front of Marineland.  JACQUES gets out, carrying one of his bags.
30) 1) dialog: (to the driver)
31) 0) text: The park is closed, the paths are deserted.  JACQUES approaches the Dolphin's tank.  All three dolphins rise u in the water.  Greet him with a click and clatter of tongues.  JACQUES sits down at the edge of the tank.
31) 1) dialog: Good morning, everybody!  Did you sleep well?  I slept in a plane, and it wasn't too great. He opens his duffel bag.  Hunts around, comes up with two packages wrapped in brownpaper.  The dolphins stare at him, intrigued.
31) 2) dialog: (calling out)
31) 4) dialog: You think I'd forget you? He laughs.  The driver, who seems to be quite familiar with the place, walks in heading straight over to the sod machine.  Out of the corner of his eye, he takes in the scene, very intrigued. JACQUES has not noticed him. He starts unwrapping the first package.
31) 5) dialog: For Bathsheba. He produces a little ceramic Llama.
31) 7) dialog: It's a Llama.  You understand?  From Peru.  It's fighting. BATHSHEBA shakes her head.  JACQUES throws the llama into the water.  He unwraps the second package.  A pair of Peruvian gloves and hat.  Wide eyed, the driver sits in the stands to watch the show.
31) 8) dialog: That's for you, Darjeeling.  We wouldn't want you to catch cold! He throws them to DARJEELING who catches them.
31) 9) dialog: And now... (singing out)
31) 11) dialog: Something you've never seen either. He opens the thermos.
31) 12) dialog: Snow! He sprinkles snow flakes on TINA'S head.  She tries to taste it.
31) 13) dialog: (smiling like a child)
31) 15) text: I missed you little rascals.  Did you get my post card? The three dolphins leap into the air and land with a huge splash which soaks JACQUES.  He takes his shirt off.
31) 16) dialog: (pretending to be serious)
31) 17) text: Oh?  Is that what you want? Alright, but five minutes, no more. I have a taxi waiting. He takes off his pants.  The taxi driver gets up, as if t keep him from going in.  JACQUES dives into the pool.
36) 0) text: JACQUES pokes his head out of the water and pulls off his goggles. ENZO stands over him, smiling.
36) 2) dialog: (happy)
36) 5) dialog: Yes. An uneasiness sweeps over ENZO'S face and quickly disappears.
36) 8) dialog: Yes, I know.
36) 10) dialog: Great!
36) 15) dialog: Why?
36) 17) dialog: (shaking his head)
36) 20) dialog: (smiles)
36) 23) text: That's too easy!  Every time I beat a record there's always some dumbshit asking me:  "D'you know that French guy, Mayol?  He's supposed to be very good!  Too bad he doesn't compete." So, you're going to come with me to Taormina! First, because you're my friend and second, because you don't have one reason to keep on spoiling my pleasure. (he pushes the airplane ticket to Jacques)
46) 0) text: The white FIAT taxi pulls up in front of the SAN DOMENICO hotel, but it is JACQUES who gets out of it.  The driver helps him with his bags.
46) 3) dialog: (uncomfortable)
46) 6) dialog: This is the hotel San Domenico?
46) 8) dialog: (more and more uncomfortable)
46) 11) dialog: Ah?! The Receptionist starts working on his papers again. JACQUES, completely lost, stares blankly at the hotel clerk, wondering what to do next.
47) 2) text: Be careful with that car, it's a new paint job. ENZO enters the hotel and sees JACQUES.
47) 4) text: Giacomino!  My friend!  My brother! ENZO and JACQUES.  The two men kiss each other on both cheeks, pound each others back.  They are both moved.
47) 8) text: Hey Paolo!  Come stai?  Get my key! (to Jacques, gesturing over his shoulder)
47) 9) text: You remember my little brother Roberto? Roberto (26) nods to JACQUES who shakes his hand.
47) 10) dialog: I remember.  Hi Roberto!
47) 12) dialog: I don't have one.
47) 14) text: Paolo?  What did I just hear?  I personally called you to reserve a room for my good friend Jacques Mayol and you treat him like a stranger?!
47) 15) dialog: (embarrassed)
47) 18) dialog: (really embarrassed now)
48) 2) text: "Spaghetti del mare" (to Jacques)
48) 5) dialog: (nodding quickly)
48) 10) text: It must be hard to live in two worlds like that, huh?  To breathe in one, swim in the other... JACQUES nods without really knowing.
48) 12) text: Anyway!  Nothing beats a sexy broad! Huh, Jacques! ENZO starts laughing.  JACQUES would like to crawl under the table.
49) 2) dialog: (quickly)
49) 3) text: Yes, of course.  Lots of questions. JACQUES is satisfied with his answer.  He thinks that the subject is closed.  They eat silently for a moment.  ENZO watches him.  Then:
49) 5) dialog: (giving up)
49) 9) dialog: That's good.
49) 11) dialog: It's okay.
49) 13) dialog: No.
49) 16) dialog: (bluffing)
49) 20) dialog: (concerned)
50) 0) text: JOHANA comes out of the stone tunnel which leads to the terrace.  She looks over the crowd, trying to find someone. JACQUES is sitting with his back to her.  She finally spots him and walks over to the table.
50) 12) text: Johana Cross, pleased to meet you. (then to Jacques, faking surprise)
50) 14) dialog: Please, have a seat.
50) 16) dialog: No, no!
50) 18) dialog: You're staying at the hotel?
50) 21) dialog: But what brought you to Sicily?
50) 23) text: I work for an insurance company. (back to Jacques)
50) 31) dialog: No, no.  You'll like it.  It's superb.
50) 40) dialog: (interrupting)
50) 44) dialog: Your mother?
50) 55) dialog: (timidly)
51) 0) text: They emerge onto the street in front of the entrance of a small rooming house. JACQUES is carrying JOHANA'S luggage.  The old pension is covered in bright pink bougainvilliers, there is laundry hanging on the other side of the street.
51) 3) dialog: I thought it was a nice place. (suddenly doubting)
51) 6) text: It's beautiful here. They look at each other.  JACQUES is silent.  He just stands there, a suitcase in each hand. JOHANA breaks the silence.
51) 8) dialog: I don't know... why?
51) 11) dialog: (shakes his head negatively)
51) 15) dialog: Maybe on earth there is one... but not when you dive... You see, to dive deep into the sea, for no reason... just to do it.  It's a feeling... I don't know how to say this... Voluptuous? He looks up at her as he pronounces the last word.  She smiles at him, lovingly.
51) 19) dialog: I'm a little tired, I don't know if...
52) 0) text: They're in front of a wardrobe looking JACQUES over in th full-length mirrors.  He's wearing an evening shirt and a tuxedo of ENZO'S.  The collar is too big, the sleeves hangover his hands.  He looks at himself dubiously in the mirror.
52) 3) text: Very good. JACQUES looks down at his tennis shoes.
52) 7) dialog: No.
53) 0) text: A big reception is organized on the terrace of the hotel. The official divers and technicians are all gathered in front of a podium.  The terrace is loaded with photographers. ROBERTO keeps turning round and round the long buffet table. JACQUES is alone at the bar.  Incongruous detail:  a whiskey bottle on the table beside him. JOHANA enters.  She has also had a few drinks.
53) 2) dialog: It's too loud for me. He tugs at his over-sized tuxedo.
53) 4) dialog: Thank you...
53) 6) text: ... Especially the sneakers. JACQUES looks down at his feet, doesn't know what to make of her comment.  JOHANA sits down beside him and pours herself a drink.  They touch glasses.
55) 0) text: JACQUES and JOHANA are sitting at the bar.  The whiskeys have gone to their heads.  ENZO walks over to them.
55) 8) text: Jacques, would you do a native dance for me?
55) 9) dialog: I don't know how... Excuse me. JACQUES leaves the bar.  JOHANA watches him go.  ENZO notices her way of watching him.  He's a little jealous.
56) 0) text: ENZO sits at the grand piano in the corner of the terrace Beethoven was always a favorite of his. JACQUES, very tipsy by now walks over, a glass in each hand.  He hands ENZO a glass, then takes off his tennis shoes and sits them neatly on the piano.
56) 3) dialog: ... For the mermaids. ENZO smiles, moved.
56) 5) dialog: Today at lunch, you asked me if I had any questions.
56) 7) dialog: Why?  Are they what's most important?
56) 9) dialog: ... Everything.
56) 11) dialog: (thinking)
56) 12) text: Well... about everything. ENZO grins at JACQUES and starts playing again.
56) 18) dialog: (suddenly)
56) 22) dialog: If we don't... I'm going to beat you. JOHANA stands next to JACQUES.
56) 31) dialog: Two years younger than you.
56) 33) dialog: The size of the lungs has nothing to do with it!
56) 35) dialog: (impatiently)
58) 0) text: Paramedics roll two stretchers toward the elevators at full speed.  ENZO on one, JACQUES on the other.  Both men keep throwing up water.
59) 3) dialog: Who won? JOHANA turns around, furious.
59) 6) dialog: Please move slowly, you're rocking the boat.
59) 9) dialog: (seeing her wet dress)
59) 12) dialog: My wallet. JOHANA wet, walks over to the wet clothes on the chair. She pulls out JACQUES soaking wallet from one of the jacket pockets.
59) 14) dialog: No.  I want to show you.  Is it ruined?
59) 16) dialog: Give it to me. JOHANA hands him the photograph.  He stares at it, lookin very sad.  Worried JOHANA sits down next to him.
59) 17) dialog: (on the verge of tears)
59) 20) dialog: I'm sick of never feeling at home anywhere. JOHANA takes him in her arms.  He breaks down.
61) 6) text: I'm meditating, can't you see? Jacques does two hours of yoga before going down.  I can take a five minute nap, can't I? The boat stops.  The anchor is thrown over board. The sailors, technicians and officials are getting ready for the competition.  Today is ENZO'S turn to dive.  A ma is hooking a plaque indicating the depth (324 feet) onto lead disk which he heaves into the water on a cable.
64) 0) text: He sits bolt upright in bed, awakened by his dream.  He looks around the room, trying to get his bearings. JOHANA is asleep in a chair across the room.  On the wall behind her, her last nights dress is drying on a hanger. She's wrapped up in a hotel bathrobe fast asleep. JACQUES finally awake from his dream, sees JOHANA sleeping.  He walks over to her, touches her shoulder. She wakes up, starts out of the chair.  She grabs the blanket to cover herself, and in doing so, a book falls o the floor.  It's one of his.
64) 4) dialog: I'm glad you stayed.  Thank you.
64) 7) dialog: You... You wouldn't want to spend the day with me? She sits back in her chair, amazed that he would even ask
64) 8) dialog: (self conscious)
65) 0) text: JACQUES and JOHANA enter the dolphinarium.  JOHANA is wearing an old pair of JACQUES SHORTS along with an oversized T-shirt and rolled up sweater.  She seems quite pleased with her new attire. JACQUES and JOHANA walk straight through MARINELAND and head toward the dolphin pool.  It's pretty crowded, mostl kids. The dolphins are lying motionless at the bottom of the pool.  The trainer is tired of throwing fish in the pool and getting absolutely no reaction.
65) 1) dialog: What's the matter?
65) 4) dialog: Is she the new one? Surprised, the trainer nods. JOHANA looks over at JACQUES then at the dolphin.  She doesn't understand.
65) 6) dialog: ... The way she moves. Three other dolphins gather around the one that JACQUES i patting. JACQUES is staring at the female dolphin.  It looks like the animal is trying to tell him something.  Suddenly the dolphin grabs him by the sleeve and pulls him into the pool.
66) 0) text: JACQUES pops up.  As he does, three dolphins leap in the air behind him.  JOHANA walks closer to the pool.  She is so excited by what JACQUES is doing, she finally falls into the pool. After a while, JACQUES gets out of the pool and helps JOHANA out.
66) 4) dialog: (taking his time to answer)
66) 7) dialog: It's going to cost you more than you think! JACQUES turns around and walks off.  JOHANA catches up with him.
66) 8) dialog: She's not like the others.  She can't stand to be away from the sea.
66) 11) dialog: (stopping)
67) 0) text: JACQUES and JOHANA are walking across the corridor. ENZO walks up to them, followed by his tribe.  Everybody is congratulating him. ROBERTO is screaming, MAMMA MOLINARI is crying.  ENZO smiles as he talks back to them.  He sees JACQUES.
67) 2) text: Ah!  Jacques! ENZO grabs hold of his shoulders.  JACQUES and JOHANA are completely soaked.
67) 5) dialog: (touched)
68) 8) dialog: (dubious)
68) 11) dialog: It's Jacques... Mayol! A beat.  Then ENZO opens the door himself.
69) 1) dialog: Tell me, why don't you go and get your medal?
69) 11) dialog: ... You always were the best. ENZO laughs then sees his mother.
69) 14) text: Buon appetito, Signorina! JOHANA who isn't even hungry, grins uncertainly.  JACQUES has walked up to ENZO.  He doesn't dare ask his question.
69) 16) text: What's the matter?  You still have a bunch of things to ask me?  You want to know the price of tea in China of how we landed on the moon?  Is that it? ENZO laughs.  JACQUES is serious.
69) 17) dialog: No, I have to ask you a favor... (a beat)
71) 0) text: JACQUES is driving, JOHANA sits beside him.  ENZO crammed in the back seat, very uncomfortably, because of a stretcher which takes up all the space. They are dressed as they were at ENZO'S party.
71) 3) dialog: Driving isn't the problem, it's remembering the right road. JACQUES runs a red light.
72) 0) text: They get out of the car.  JACQUES starts to change into his swimming trunks.  ENZO shakes his head, can't believe he's really come along.  He laughs and starts undressing.
73) 0) text: It's a very narrow street.  The car moves down it quickly JACQUES drives.  The back seat is now occupied by the dolphin.  Its nose and tail protruding through the windows. JOHANA is in the front seat, turned around, spraying the dolphin with a watering can.
74) 0) text: They have driven to the public beach.  They slowly lower the stretcher into the water.  The dolphin, leaving the stretcher, swims around a little but won't go away. He won't leave JACQUES.
74) 1) dialog: (moved)
74) 2) text: You can't stay here!  Come on!  Go away! JACQUES swims off with her for a while. ENZO walks back toward the car with the stretcher. JOHANA, standing by the water looks at JACQUES and the dolphin who are swimming off together. JACQUES keeps splashing the dolphin as they swim.
74) 5) dialog: Just one minute. JOHANA is worried, she walks up to ENZO who goes back int the water and takes JACQUES by the arm.
75) 0) text: ENZO stops the FIAT in front of the pension.  The three o them get out.  ENZO hasn't bothered to dress. JOHANA heads for the gate, she obviously has no desire of leaving JACQUES.
75) 11) dialog: Good night.
75) 14) dialog: What?
75) 18) dialog: (lost)
75) 19) text: Uh... Yes, of course! The concierge comes out and opens the iron gate for her. JOHANA disappears into the parc.  ENZO turns to JACQUES.
77) 0) text: JACQUES who is on the foredeck of a boat at sea has just laid a towel down before him.  He's suited up, sitting in the lotus position, staring straight ahead, clearly self- hypnotized. JOHANA, NOVELLI, and other officials are in the stern of the boat watching last minute preparations. The scuba divers in brightly colored wetsuits and aqualungs, flop out onto the diving platform, plunge into the water, disappear.
77) 12) text: But doesn't Jacques dive without anything?
78) 0) text: On the boat, NOVELLI checks his watch.  JACQUES comes out of his room.  He's dressed to dive.  He ignores everyone as he goes down the ladder to the diving platform.  He seems to be in another world.  All sounds coming to him are drowned out.
79) 0) text: JACQUES sits in the diver's slot.  Opens his eyes slowly and looks around.  He puts his flippers on, an assistant stands at his side.
80) 2) text: The gueuse slides down the cable.  JACQUES hangs on like ribbon in the wind, past a marker, 90 feet down. Above him, the boat disappears from sight. He moves faster and faster... through a sea that looks like a cloudy sky.  The light fades rapidly around him. Below, white spotlights pierce an ocean dark as night. JACQUES reaches them in a matter of seconds.  Turns the brakes, brings his machine to a halt, 180 feet down. The medics are waiting for him there.  They take his pulse.  Check his eyes... 15 seconds... normal... the bubbles from there scuba tanks churn the water around them... JACQUES closes his eyes... a tap on the shoulder, he releases the brake on the gueuse.  Plunges further, this time into pitch black. Below him a faint spotlight glows on the bottom.  He reaches it and the dark diver moves to him.  JACQUES brakes his machine.  Moving very slowly, turns his body right side up.  Like a sleep walker, JACQUES starts to take the plaque off the plumbline... pauses in the middle of the gesture. The dark diver flashes the high sign to JACQUES, thumb an forefinger touching, fingers extended, all clear.  JACQUE does not respond.  The diver repeats the signal.  JACQUES does not respond. The diver taps JACQUES on the shoulder... a beat... and then JACQUES responds, thumb and forefinger touching okay Slowly, reluctantly, he wraps his hand around the handle of the balloon. The dark diver quickly turns the handle for him.  The balloon inflates.  JACQUES hangs on... lets it carry him up. At the plague marking 210 feet, JACQUES lets go of the th balloon.  With a burst of speed, it darts toward the surface. JACQUES follows slowly, undulating like a fish... He's getting warm now... He closes his eyes. Passes the medical control without stopping... without even seeing it like someone asleep. He's moving faster now, toward the warmth, toward the air JACQUES opens his eyes, watches the lights grow brighter. The silhouette of the boat comes back into view.  60 feet to go.
81) 0) text: In slow motion JACQUES' hand holding the plaque breaks ou of the water followed by his arm, in one continuous movement, his shoulders and head. He gasps for air. A trickle of blood comes from his nose. Flashbulbs flicker, spectators cheer.
82) 0) text: The dolphin, the one rescued last night, leaps into the air, in perfect harmony with JACQUES' triumph.
84) 0) text: JACQUES falls back into the water.  Two divers run over and pull him up onto the dock. JACQUES seems completely dazed, almost in a trance.  He slowly comes to and starts screaming louder and louder. It is the scream of his body in need of the surface, reality and the feel of the land. JOHANA is terrified.  She can hardly breathe.  Everybody applauds.
85) 0) text: JACQUES and JOHANA walk down the gangway.  NOVELLI has lead the way and the news has been spread. JACQUES looks very weak and punchy. JOHANA holds him up. The spectators applaud as he goes by.  Intrigued, JACQUES looks at them all.
85) 2) text: Jacques, listen to the applause. He doesn't respond.
85) 4) text: Jacques, you set a world record.
85) 5) dialog: I did?
86) 0) text: ENZO walks into the hotel, his arms filled with packages. He sees JACQUES and JOHANA.  From the look on his face we can tell he knows that JACQUES has beaten his record.  He deliberately puts on a huge smile as he walks over to them.
87) 6) dialog: What is it?
87) 10) dialog: Yes.
87) 12) dialog: No.  Thank you.  It's really beautiful.
87) 16) text: You see I was right in getting you out here.  You're a world champion, my friend! JACQUES has opened the last small package.  It's a measuring tape.  He looks at it without understanding. ENZO explains:
90) 0) text: JACQUES quickly gets into one of his diving suits.  He puts on his flippers.  The dolphin is still jumping in an out of the water.  JACQUES jumps off the pier and swims over to her.
91) 0) text: JOHANA rolls over and feels the bed in her sleep. JACQUES' absence wakes her.
92) 0) text: JOHANA walks down the pier and notices the little pile of clothes JACQUES has left behind.  She looks around but still can't see anything.  She decides to sit next to the pile of clothes, and waits, her eyes riveted to the sea.
93) 0) text: The sky has just begun to light up again.  JOHANA is stil sitting next to the pile of clothes. She is wearing JACQUES' sweater.  She looks sad, yet serene.  The look of a woman who has been thinking over the situation and who has made up her mind. Tired, JACQUES swims back to the pier.  It looks as if he has come out of nowhere. He is exhausted.  He takes off his flippers and gets up onto the pier in front of JOHANA.  He looks at her, a little surprised to find her there.
93) 1) dialog: (warm)
93) 5) dialog: Why?
93) 7) dialog: I'm not from the sea... I don't understand what you're talking about.
93) 9) dialog: But it's not true, I feel good with you... It feels right... She looks at him for a moment, then takes his face in her hands and rests it on her bosom, as if a small child.
94) 0) text: The train station faces the sea.  JACQUES and JOHANA are standing on the platform, amid others.  In the distance w hear the rumble and whistle of a train. JOHANA gets on the train.  The station master blows his whistle.
94) 1) dialog: Will... will we see each other again? JOHANA'S eyes are filled with tears.
94) 3) dialog: Where can I call you?  Johana, tell me where can I call you? JOHANA doesn't answer.  JACQUES stands helplessly in the station, his eyes filled with tears.
95) 1) dialog: Can I come in?
95) 5) text: Hmmm!  Something wrong? JACQUES doesn't answer.
97) 0) text: The helicopter is landing.  Crewmen rush to secure it to the oil rig's deck.  Doors open and two passengers get off:  JACQUES and ENZO.  They each carry a duffel bag of personal belongings.  They're both wearing fluorescent diving suits. The DRILLING SUPERINTENDENT comes to meet them.
97) 5) dialog: (whispering)
98) 0) text: The diving capsule, suspended by cables, begins its descent through a trap door in the deck.  It plunges into the sea. The three men in the capsule are:  JACQUES, ENZO and the tough looking CAPSULE COMMANDER NOIREUTER, who is much to professional for ENZO'S tastes. ENZO watches through a porthole while the COMMANDER concentrates on the control console.  He runs through a checklist of systems.  JACQUES responds with a "check" as he verifies each one.  ENZO is already bored and fed up b the procedures. JACQUES is lost in thought, they don't look cheerful.
98) 2) text: You still thinking about her? JACQUES doesn't answer.  ENZO goes on.
100) 2) dialog: I don't want to erase anything.
100) 4) dialog: (after thinking about it)
100) 8) dialog: (taking it as a compliment)
102) 0) text: The diving capsule ends its descent.  The COMMANDER turns to ENZO and JACQUES who is still staring out the porthole
102) 11) dialog: (with Daffy Ducks voice)
102) 12) text: I don't find this funny.  We were having a serious conversation. ENZO and JACQUES burst out laughing.  They keep these sam voice till the end of the scene. ENZO pulls out a tiny silver flask out of his pocket.
102) 14) text: Here, give me your finger. ENZO taps a drop onto JACQUES' finger, then on his own. Then NOIREUTER blows up.
102) 21) dialog: It's very deep down here.
102) 25) text: ENZO gets out of the diving capsule, head first. He is connected to the capsule by a number of cables. JACQUES, who follows him, gets completely tangled up in them.  They are both hilariously drunk.
108) 1) dialog: Hello?
109) 0) text: JACQUES is on the telephone, in front of a little window overlooking the sea.  He is very glad to hear her voice.
109) 1) dialog: How are you?
110) 2) dialog: ... That's funny... I had this job with Enzo... we got fired too. JOHANA'S face lights up with a huge smile.
110) 7) dialog: Here, it's getting dark. JOHANA smiles.  She stretches, lies down on the carpeted floor.  JACQUES seems to have gone through all topics of conversation.
110) 8) dialog: I've been thinking about you a lot, you know... JOHANA is by now completely stretched out on the floor.
110) 11) dialog: I'm still here.
110) 13) dialog: ... It's hard you know.  You're so far away and I don't know what else to say.
110) 15) dialog: Uh... Ah!  A story? He turns around and sits on the window sill, his feet dangling in mid air. He looks at the sea, seeking inspiration.
110) 16) dialog: Do you know how it is? (starting again)
110) 20) dialog: You go down to the bottom of the sea, where the water isn't even blue anymore, where the sky is only a memory... and you float there, quietly, quietly and stay there... and you decide that you will die for them... Only then do they start coming out.  They come and greet you and they judge the love you have for them... If it's sincere.  If it's pure... They will be with you and take you away forever. JOHANA listens with the abandon of a child being put to sleep.
111) 0) text: The sun hits the roof tops.  The sea is sparkling. The phone rings on the window sill.  JACQUES answers.
111) 1) dialog: Hello?
111) 5) dialog: ... Not at all.
111) 7) dialog: (smiling)
111) 10) dialog: (lost)
112) 0) text: JOHANA is standing in front of the airport. JACQUES sees her.  They smile shyly at each other.
113) 0) text: JACQUES and JOHANA are sitting in the back of a taxi.  Th driver stops in front of the hotel.
113) 2) text: The Carlton!  Enjoy your siesta. JACQUES and JOHANA look at each other.
114) 0) text: The room is in semi-darkness, despite the blazing sunligh coming through cracks in the shutters.  JACQUES and JOHAN are making love.  JACQUES is on top of her, his whole bod covered in sweat.  The rumpled sheets and the movements o their bodies suggest the movements of the sea.  ALL SOUND are disproportionate and slightly distorted, they are underwater... ALL JOHANA'S reluctance has vanished.  Both of them act like people who have never felt anything like this before A certain astonishment at the depth of their feeling.  An increasing freedom.  All the muscles of their bodies stretch to their limits. JACQUES, progressively, finds himself disappearing.  His image dissolves point by point... disintegrates into unbroken blue... The effect creates the impression of someone melting, the screen is now totally blue. A thin, HIGH-PITCHED SOUND. From the bottom of the image, a tiny pinpoint starts TOWARD the CAMERA.  It is JACQUES, naked, swimming out of the deep blue ocean toward the light as if he were coming out of a dive.  He comes CLOSER and CLOSER to the CAMERA... Until his head almost touches the lens... A sudden DEAFENING NOISE... and we find JACQUES on top of JOHANA.  He looks down at her, speechless.
114) 3) dialog: ... I think I love you.
115) 0) text: JACQUES and JOHANA step out of the elevator of a 19th century building. JACQUES is carrying her suitcases.
115) 2) dialog: You'll understand. JACQUES rings the door bell and sticks his key in the door.
115) 4) text: Someone in there? JACQUES nods and pushes the door open with the bags he's carrying.  They enter a huge, very old apartment filled with models and paintings of boats. JACQUES leads JOHANA to the other end of the apartment.
116) 1) dialog: Don't be afraid.  It's my Uncle... Louis. He goes to the tub and pinches the end of a tube.  UNCLE LOUIS, underwater, has been breathing through it.  LOUIS' head pops out of the water, furious.
116) 3) dialog: (loud, as if speaking to a deaf man)
116) 6) dialog: I brought Johana to meet you.
116) 8) dialog: No, no.  Johana is visiting me.
116) 10) text: Bonjour Monsieur... Louis. (she looks to Jacques)
116) 11) dialog: (whispering to Johana)
116) 15) text: Did you bring the cassettes, the Wagner, the Berlioz? (pointing to Jacques)
117) 2) dialog: (correcting him)
117) 5) dialog: (smiling)
117) 11) dialog: Uncle Louis!
117) 13) text: Before my accident, you understand? (then back to Jacques)
117) 14) text: JACQUES stands up and lowers the music.
117) 15) dialog: (impatient)
117) 18) dialog: Well... here.
117) 21) dialog: (with a sigh)
117) 25) dialog: Uncle Louis, we have a guest!
118) 0) text: JACQUES' room looks like a diving equipment storage room with a bed in it.  JACQUES notices JOHANA'S gaze.
118) 1) dialog: (solicitously)
119) 0) text: JACQUES, JOHANA and ROBERTO are waiting at the port.
119) 5) text: Jacques, I think Louis needs help. JACQUES turns around.  UNCLE LOUIS is a few yards behind them at a fish stand on the dock.  He's holding up an eel and screaming at the fishmonger.
119) 7) text: Two dollars for this!  This fish wasn't caught.  It died of cancer! JACQUES shrugs his shoulders and gives up on the idea of interfering.
119) 12) dialog: Enzo! During all of this, everyone's attention is actually on BONITA who is tugging at her long black hair.  They're al awestruck except for ROBERTO.
119) 21) text: You have eight hours before she gets here. ENZO glances at his watch and sighs with relief.  BONITA says hello to JACQUES, kisses JOHANA.
120) 0) text: Loud classical music booms from the stereo.  The noise pins JACQUES, ENZO and ROBERTO to their chairs. UNCLE LOUIS gets a bottle of whiskey and serves everybody
120) 6) dialog: I'm glad you could come.  I want you to meet Enzo. ENZO and LAWRENCE shake hands.
121) 0) text: JOHANA comes into the bathroom, closes the door, cutting down the blaring music.  The paint is peeling off the ceiling. BONITA is standing under a 40 watt lamp, putting on make- up in front of JACQUES' cracked shaving mirror.
122) 9) text: No thank you. There's an interminable awkward silence.  Then UNCLE LOUI at last finds his way to the table.  JACQUES who is too grateful for the interruption springs to his feet.
122) 10) dialog: Uncle Louis, you remember Enzo's mother Signora Molinari from Amorgos?
122) 14) dialog: Louis, we were French!
124) 6) text: ... Have fun!  They waiting for you down there, to take the temperature of your ass. He keeps on walking across the boat, runs into JACQUES, who's just about to begin his yoga preparation. JACQUES sees ENZO'S expression, looks concerned.
124) 9) dialog: I've had many... when the sea doesn't want you.
124) 11) text: It's never the sea!  It's Roberto, Mamma, that stupid actress... Oh shit!  Jacques, what do you know? Go do your Hindu exercises and don't break my balls! ENZO stamps into one of the cabins.
125) 0) text: JOHANA is reading a child birth catalog.  She throws it away upside down, as soon as she hears JACQUES approaching.  JACQUES comes in and sits opposite her.  He seems bitter.
125) 2) dialog: (sadly)
125) 3) text: Enzo had a bad day. JOHANA wonders if JACQUES will understand the presence of the baby magazine.
125) 6) dialog: I didn't dive.
125) 9) dialog: I don't know... it didn't feel right.  I'm going to bed.  I'm tired. He goes away.
125) 11) dialog: What?
128) 0) text: Officials, NOVELLI, LAWRENCE, ROBERTO and of course ENZO disembark.  There is a lot of excitement on the dock. Everyone has already heard the news. People swarm around ENZO. LAWRENCE spots JACQUES in the crowd, and goes to him.
128) 1) dialog: (smiling)
128) 4) text: ... And, Jacques!  He held his breath for four minutes and fifty seconds!
128) 5) dialog: (smiles too)
128) 8) text: You must be very careful, Jacques. At these depths, to hold your breath for over five minutes is... You'd really be pushing it.  I think it's very, very dangerous. JACQUES sees ENZO being carried past on the shoulders of the crowd.  He ignores LAWRENCE, runs beside ENZO.
128) 9) dialog: (yelling)
131) 3) dialog: I'm putting you on the coin... Your essence... That way you'll always be with me when I dive. She smiles, closes her eyes.  He swings the coin over her face gently, some kind of private ceremony.  She looks just a little intimidated. The coin is now dangling in front of her mouth.  She hesitates then opens her mouth, JACQUES lets the coin slide into it.
132) 0) text: JACQUES walks up to the diving platform. LAWRENCE has fixed scientific equipment on his chest. JACQUES wets and slowly puts them on. ENZO watches from the deck, his expression has changed. JOHANA, on the deck also, opposite ENZO, watches a little worried.  JACQUES concentrates then releases the gueuse and lets himself disappear under the water.
132) 1) text: JACQUES dives down very fast.  The control takes place at 200 feet, the doctors check him and let him go.  He continues his descent, it's getting darker and darker around him. The gueuse stops at the level of the underwater platform, just below the diver, who swims over to him in a sea of bubbles from his oxygen bottles.  He asks JACQUES if he i alright, JACQUES nods and gives him a huge smile before swimming off, downwards! The diver realizes and starts after him.  He grabs JACQUE by one of his fins and pulls him back to the round platform.  JACQUES lets go of the balloon. The diver panics.  JACQUES slowly motions that everything is fine and slowly paddles up to the surface.
133) 0) text: The boat's huge stop watch indicates min:  4:50, then 5:00, then 5:10.  JACQUES has been down there for over 5 minutes. JOHANA is worried sick.  ENZO doesn't know what to make o it and LAWRENCE feels completely helpless.  The stopwatch indicates 5:20, then 5:25 and JACQUES, half unconscious, brakes through the surface of the water. JOHANA screams and cries with joy when she sees him.  The crowd applauds.  ENZO is somber. NOVELLI takes the plaque from JACQUES' hands and turns to the crowd.
134) 0) text: There's a pile of gear on the dock. ENZO is in the boat loading one piece of luggage at a time, JACQUES comes up to the boat.  Parked in the background, we see a taxi waiting with JOHANA sitting in the back seat.  ENZO pretends not to notice JACQUES' arrival. JACQUES watches him for a moment then finally dares to speak.
134) 1) dialog: (pointing at taxi)
134) 5) dialog: (after a beat)
134) 8) text: I'll see you in Amorgos. ENZO turns around and jumps onto his boat. JACQUES walks off the dock, past the cab.  JOHANA opens the door to let him in, but he keeps walking.
134) 10) dialog: You go back, I'll walk. He walks off.
135) 0) text: The park is empty as JACQUES approaches the pool. TINA the dolphin, jumps out of the water, swims to meet JACQUES.  JACQUES pats her and kneels to talk to TINA NINA.
135) 1) dialog: (sadly)
135) 3) dialog: What's so funny?  Can you dive deeper? The dolphin nods "yes". JACQUES smiles.
135) 4) dialog: (smiling)
135) 6) dialog: That's good... So tell me why they're all angry at me?  Why is Enzo angry?  I never wanted to compete with him.  I never wanted to be champion of anything... All I want is to escape from them all... For just a few minutes, no people... No noise... Nothing but the sea. The dolphin nods and giggles.
135) 7) dialog: Do you really understand me?  Huh? Are we actually having a conversation here? Again the dolphin nods "yes".
135) 8) dialog: All right then, tell me:  can I ever dive as deep as you?  Stay under as long...? A beat.  Then the dolphin nods "yes".
135) 9) dialog: Are you sure? The two other dolphins stick their heads out of the water They all nod together. JACQUES is awed and perplexed at the same time.
137) 0) text: Through the open windows we can see parts of the village where JACQUES grew up.  He's staring out the window, lost in his own thoughts.
137) 1) dialog: It's beautiful, isn't it? Behind him, JOHANA is hiding and throwing up.  He walks t her.
137) 2) dialog: What's wrong?
137) 4) dialog: You want to lie down for a while?
139) 0) text: JOHANA sits on the little dock in front of the hotel. JACQUES pulls on his fins, looks out into the water. She clutches a stopwatch, ready to set it off. A few yards behind, hidden between two bungalows, ENZO watches them.  JACQUES takes a few deep breaths and dives a few feet underwater. JOHANA starts the stopwatch. ENZO, who sees JACQUES disappear, walks over to JOHANA an sits down beside her.
139) 8) text: You know what I'm talking about. Why do you and Jacques risk your lives diving?
139) 18) text: A little... You think it's the same for Jacques?
139) 20) text: No.  Jacques is a creature of the sea.  He isn't meant to live on earth, among us... You should know this, Johana.
139) 34) text: That idiot! They jump up.  ENZO dives into the water. As JOHANA watches panicky, ENZO pulls JACQUES up onto the dock, in his arms.  JACQUES is unconscious. ENZO is furious.  The fear of loosing his friend has absolutely enraged him.  He starts pacing up and down the dock.
139) 38) dialog: (mumbling)
141) 0) text: JACQUES is in a T-shirt and jeans, rope-sole sandals. JOHANA wears a light white cotton dress.  They both sit o the restaurant's terrace overlooking the sea. Below them, a small boat passes.  In it are baskets fille with sponges.  JACQUES stares at them for a long time.
141) 2) dialog: ... Sure. JOHANA wants to say something.
141) 4) dialog: (after thinking about it)
141) 7) dialog: Because you have to find a good reason to come back up again... And I always have a hard time finding one. JOHANA has never looked so sad and lost. JACQUES doesn't notice. ENZO who is sitting at the piano behind them, starts to play, staring at the sea. JACQUES and JOHANA turn around and look at him.
142) 1) dialog: He's scanning the apparently abandoned monastery searchin for signs of life. A red and blue taxi-boat pulls up alongside the Committee Boat.  In it, LAWRENCE waits to climb on board.
145) 0) text: ENZO is preparing.  He sits at the edge of the platform hyperventilating, almost in a trance. We see JACQUES in the background, talking to NOVELLI, he then walks over to ENZO and climbs down next to him.
145) 1) dialog: Enzo? (no response)
145) 5) dialog: (quickly)
145) 7) dialog: (rushing on)
145) 10) dialog: No!  I would never cheat you.
145) 12) dialog: JACQUES pulls himself down the cable, hand over hand. 80 or 90 feet down he sees a group of MEDICS coming towar him carrying ENZO'S unconscious body. JACQUES struggles with them, pushes them away, takes ENZO in his arms and climbs toward the surface, frantic, screaming silently at him, desperate to get away from the flow of air bubbles from the scuba tanks, the commotion, the memory of death. ENZO has a big serene smile on his face.  The MEDICS push both divers toward the surface. As if they were on land, JACQUES starts shaking ENZO to wake him up.  He then slaps his face but ENZO remains unconscious. They finally break the surface in each others arms.
146) 0) text: They pull ENZO out of the water.  The doctors open his jacket.  ENZO motions to JACQUES to come close.  He still has that long smile.
146) 3) dialog: (moved)
146) 6) text: ... It is much better down there. It's a better place. He tries to take a deep breath, the effort is exhausting. JACQUES smiles, holding back his tears.
146) 8) dialog: (crying)
146) 12) dialog: He holds ENZO in his arms.  Lets the dead weight of the body pull him down, deeper and deeper.  The rope around JACQUES' waist runs out, stops his descent with an abrupt jerk.  When he feels it, JACQUES lets go... watches as ENZO'S body continues to drift by itself into the bottomless blue...
147) 0) text: The doctors have run over and are pulling the cable that JACQUES is attached to.  He is unconscious when they pull him up.  They hold him up by his feet.  JACQUES throws up gallons of water.  They put an oxygen mask on his face.
147) 2) text: The heart is going to stop!  The stimulator, quickly. Suddenly, everything collapses for JACQUES.  Sounds disappear.  The image slows down, the light fades. JACQUES only hears his heartbeat, which slows down. His heart stops. Among the crowd around him, he sees JOHANA, fresh, gentle smiling.  Her movements are smooth and slowed down.  She smiles at him, simply.  JACQUES smiles back.  The heart starts again slowly. The image goes back to normal. Sounds multiply (doctors, the panic, etc...) and slowly come back. JACQUES falls unconscious.
148) 0) text: JACQUES is lying on the bed, he has a strong fever. JOHANA sits at his feet. LAWRENCE rummages through a medical kit.  He takes a pill from a bottle and gives it to him.
148) 3) dialog: (tenderly to Johana, who had started to leave the room)
148) 4) text: Kiss me. JOHANA bends over and kisses him. JACQUES holds her by the arm, doesn't want her to leave.
150) 0) text: JACQUES sitting up in bed finally lies down under the sheets.  He turns off the light by the bed.
152) 0) text: JACQUES is lying on the bed, he is not moving anymore.  H is breathing loudly, as if tired out.  From his POV the room becomes very dark and blue.  The noise is unbearable The ceiling turns into water. JACQUES' eyes are wide open.  His face is sweating.  The water level, from the ceiling, comes down to him, until h is swallowed by it. As he falls into the water, we see a dolphin gulping air at the surface and going back very quickly to the blue. The dolphin meets his group, about ten of them, 250 Kg of muscles, swimming at more than 40 km/H underwater.  They all break through the surface to gulp air regularly. Suddenly, one of them, leaves the group.  He crosses the blue and seems to make sonar-like sounds.  We see a sonar picture.  It's an image in which the dolphin will appear few seconds later.  The dolphin comes up like a rocket, gulps air and goes back down. The sonar image appears again.  Finally, the dolphin, locates a group of fish and starts hunting them, exactly like a war plane.  He manages to break the group in two, then in four, and this way, he isolates his victim. He breaks the surface to gulp air and goes back down.  He goes full power.  The fish he is after are even more divided.  There is only one left, totally lost and in a panic. The exhausted fish is swallowed. The dolphin slows down, goes back up, breaks the surface in slow motion.  Images becomes pale and bright. He screams inhumanly. Image is white, black, silence.
153) 0) text: JOHANA opens the shutters. The room is a shamble of broken glass, water pitcher and glasses, lamps and vases.  The windows are blown out. JACQUES is lying in bed.  There is a thin trickle of bloo coming from his nose and ears.
153) 2) text: Jacques... Are you alright?
154) 0) text: JACQUES jumps into ENZO'S boat.
154) 2) text: Jacques?  Are you alright?  Answer me!  Are you alright? She jumps down into ENZO'S boat.  He starts the engine. The boat is racing out of the port.  JOHANA yells over th sound of the engine.
154) 4) dialog: I saw how it has to be. JACQUES parks the boat in front of the COMMITTEE BOAT'S DIVING PLATFORM.  He turns on the platform lights:  above and underwater.  He throws down the diving cable:  60, 90 120 feet... JACQUES gets undressed and sits down in the lotus position, concentrating... JOHANA sits down a few feet away and watches him, wondering just how far he is going to push this whole thing. As the cable unrolls, JOHANA starts crying.  She understands that JACQUES is going to dive to the bottom, into the blue, into himself.
154) 6) dialog: (after a silence)
154) 10) text: I'm real!  I am not a dream! Jacques will you look at me? (she breaks down)
154) 11) text: Please! JACQUES has not moved, he still sits motionless, facing his gueuse. JOHANA doesn't know what to do or say.  She is totally drained.
154) 13) dialog: That's good... that's wonderful. It's wonderful for you.
154) 18) dialog: Anything.
154) 20) text: JACQUES slides along the cable, pulled by the weight of the gueuse.  He has a beautiful smile on his face.  He is in his element.  Night has closed in around him.  He turn on the headlight of the gueuse, it casts a dim light around him.
155) 0) text: JOHANA has walked over to the edge of the platform.  She is holding the cable, to "hear" JACQUES' descent. The counter shows that JACQUES is quickly passing the 300 feet mark.
155) 1) text: JACQUES keeps going down, as serene as ever.  He has gained a lot of speed.
156) 0) text: JOHANA holds her face in her hands.  The counter indicate that JACQUES is going very fast.
156) 1) text: The gueuse jerks to a stop and shakes the cable.  JACQUES turns his body right side up.
157) 1) text: The headlight on the gueuse illuminates only a few feet around JACQUES, as if he were standing in a circle of light.  He stays there, patiently floating around and around his cable... as if he were waiting for something. A long form circles the border between the darkness and the light. JACQUES holds out his hand.  A dolphin comes and presses its body against it.  Two other dolphins come out of the night.  JACQUES watches in amazement. A dolphin lays his muzzle in JACQUES' hand, ready to lead him off.  JACQUES hesitates. JACQUES lets go of the cable and lets himself be led away Their silhouettes disappear in the deep blue night.