54) 0) text: On the podium, NOVELLI, the organizer of the championship stands in his tuxedo, talking into a microphone.  An olde man in a worn out suit, stands next to him.
54) 1) dialog: Ladies and Gentlemen, your attention, please.  Mr. Andre Bonnet, President of the International Diving Championship Committee, is going to present this trophy to the new world champion of free diving.  This afternoon, our new champion descended to the remarkable depth of 280 feet. The audience applauds.
54) 2) dialog: This young man Tia... NOVELLI can't quite read his notes.
54) 3) dialog: Tiraro... Tirao-re... Moa... ANDRE BONNET takes his turn to read the note.  A young Tahitian jumps up, heads for the podium.
54) 5) dialog: ... Let's all give him a big hand. The audience cheers and applauds the new champion.  ENZO sits at a table, watching the ceremony.
68) 1) dialog: (through the door)
68) 4) dialog: (trying to keep his calm)
68) 7) dialog: Mr. Mayol, help us.  He refuses to receive his medal and everybody is waiting for him up there.  We already have problems with the press because of the danger, and if we don't even have the divers help...!
68) 10) dialog: That's very kind of you. JACQUES knocks on the door.
68) 13) dialog: Mr. Enzo Molinari, allow me to impress upon you the importance of your attending the Award Ceremony... For the press...
70) 2) dialog: (mouth full)
77) 0) text: JACQUES who is on the foredeck of a boat at sea has just laid a towel down before him.  He's suited up, sitting in the lotus position, staring straight ahead, clearly self- hypnotized. JOHANA, NOVELLI, and other officials are in the stern of the boat watching last minute preparations. The scuba divers in brightly colored wetsuits and aqualungs, flop out onto the diving platform, plunge into the water, disappear.
77) 2) dialog: They're paramedics.  They wait at 180 feet.
77) 5) dialog: Of course, that's what they're for. JOHANA sees scuba divers with weird air tanks.
77) 8) dialog: Those are the divers who go down 300 to 330 feet.  They dive with a Helium-oxygen mixture.  At that depth, compressed air is too dangerous because it contains carbon dioxide.
77) 10) dialog: That isn't for the divers actually. It's for the balloon.  It blows up and pulls the diver up like an elevator.  Without it, with the pressure at the bottom, the diver would just stay pinned to the sea bed.
77) 13) dialog: (smiling)
78) 0) text: On the boat, NOVELLI checks his watch.  JACQUES comes out of his room.  He's dressed to dive.  He ignores everyone as he goes down the ladder to the diving platform.  He seems to be in another world.  All sounds coming to him are drowned out.
85) 0) text: JACQUES and JOHANA walk down the gangway.  NOVELLI has lead the way and the news has been spread. JACQUES looks very weak and punchy. JOHANA holds him up. The spectators applaud as he goes by.  Intrigued, JACQUES looks at them all.
124) 3) dialog: They're required by law.
128) 0) text: Officials, NOVELLI, LAWRENCE, ROBERTO and of course ENZO disembark.  There is a lot of excitement on the dock. Everyone has already heard the news. People swarm around ENZO. LAWRENCE spots JACQUES in the crowd, and goes to him.
129) 2) text: Thank you, thank you very much! ENZO and NOVELLI stand on a little stage facing the crowd ENZO is holding a gold trophy, waving to friends in the audience.
129) 3) dialog: ... Now I'm sure you've heard that some people have suggested it is too dangerous for us to continue. Dangerous, because we don't know how to measure the physiological consequences of this type of dive and also because the scuba divers are not used to going down below 300 feet. While the attentive crowd listens to NOVELLI, ENZO is gesturing to ROBERTO, explaining what appetizers he wants from the cocktail trays. The crowd laughs.
129) 4) dialog: But, we polled the free divers and they insist that the competition continue! There's wild applause.  ENZO lifts the trophy over his head, smiles like a champ and yells into the microphone.
133) 0) text: The boat's huge stop watch indicates min:  4:50, then 5:00, then 5:10.  JACQUES has been down there for over 5 minutes. JOHANA is worried sick.  ENZO doesn't know what to make o it and LAWRENCE feels completely helpless.  The stopwatch indicates 5:20, then 5:25 and JACQUES, half unconscious, brakes through the surface of the water. JOHANA screams and cries with joy when she sees him.  The crowd applauds.  ENZO is somber. NOVELLI takes the plaque from JACQUES' hands and turns to the crowd.
133) 1) dialog: (stunned)
144) 2) text: ... At the depths these men are diving, it is a physiological impossibility that they can retain enough oxygen in their blood to make it back to the surface.  It's a function of how long it takes to get to the bottom, orient themselves and to return... To attempt to break Mayol's record is simple suicide. (to Novelli)
144) 3) text: For the last time.  I'm telling you cancel the competition. NOVELLI and the MEDIC look over at the diving platform where ENZO is concentrating.
144) 5) dialog: Get Mayol in here.
145) 0) text: ENZO is preparing.  He sits at the edge of the platform hyperventilating, almost in a trance. We see JACQUES in the background, talking to NOVELLI, he then walks over to ENZO and climbs down next to him.