4) 23) text: Shit, it's the Italian! He is slightly older than JACQUES but he is taller.  ENZO is with ROBERTO, his younger brother, the only one allowe to carry his flippers.  Five kids are behind him.
4) 32) text: Roberto, mio palmo! ROBERTO who has already started to moisten his big brother's gear in the water, holds a pair of dripping flippers and a glistening mask.  The pope watches the scene with obvious pleasure.
4) 34) text: Count! Sure of himself, ENZO takes a deep breath and dives in th water.  ROBERTO counts out loud.
4) 35) dialog: 
4) 37) dialog: 
4) 42) text: Roberto?  How long?
4) 43) dialog: Six seconds. ENZO looks at JACQUES for a while.
14) 0) text: A beat-up FIAT, towing an equally beat-up trailer, stops. ENZO unfolds out of the driver's seat, like a circus clow emerging from a toy car. The construction SUPERVISOR, an American, wearing a three piece suit, hurries over to him. ENZO has already started undressing.  ROBERTO unloads the diving gear from the trailer.
14) 3) dialog: (shaking his hand)
14) 16) dialog: You do understand you're talking to the champion diver of the world?
14) 22) dialog: That you should get your checkbook. Damn quick.
15) 0) text: He's at the end of the pier, his feet dangling in the muddy water of the port.  A few feet away a pump sends ai HISSING through a rubber tube to the diver trapped below. ENZO inhales steadily, his chest heaving like a bellow. He carefully puts his spectacles inside his shoes, dons his flippers, etc., with his usual flair of suspense. Behind him the SUPERVISOR and other construction workers watch expectantly.  ROBERTO heaves a stone weight into th bay, a cable attached to it plays out from a drum on the pier. ENZO ignoring everyone, grabs the ordinary tire jack, flip-flops over to the now taut cable, the stone has hit bottom.  He takes a deep breath and dives into the bay.
16) 0) text: Everyone is staring at the water silently, suspensefully. The SUPERVISOR has his checkbook in hand, but has completely forgotten it, intent upon what's going on underwater.  ROBERTO taps him on the shoulder.
16) 1) dialog: Since we have a little time, what do you say you write that check?
17) 1) dialog: (to the Supervisor)
17) 2) text: Sign here. Suddenly, ENZO appears, burst out of the water, holding his flippers up in the air like a trophy.  The onlookers cheer, help him out of the water, slapping him on the back. ENZO tosses the jack and his flippers to ROBERTO. Impassive and silent, he slips his arms into the prize fighter's robe that ROBERTO holds out for him, walks solemnly back to his car. ROBERTO takes the check and walks over to the car.  ENZO bends down into the car and opens the roof.
18) 1) dialog: (after a while)
18) 4) dialog: Santini will do that for 25 dollars!
18) 6) dialog: Enzo, really.  What are you going to get?
18) 9) dialog: Yes?
47) 0) text: The tiny FIAT clatters onto the sidewalk in front of the hotel narrowly avoiding the Countess' limo.  Parks its frontwheels on the sidewalk, rear end in the road. ENZO, followed by ROBERTO, get out of his car, like a kin descending from his carriage.  On the way, he stops and kisses a distinguished elderly woman's hand?  The hotel's CONTESSA. ENZO tosses his keys to a doorman who stepped up to complain.
47) 9) text: You remember my little brother Roberto? Roberto (26) nods to JACQUES who shakes his hand.
52) 4) dialog: What about the shoes?
53) 0) text: A big reception is organized on the terrace of the hotel. The official divers and technicians are all gathered in front of a podium.  The terrace is loaded with photographers. ROBERTO keeps turning round and round the long buffet table. JACQUES is alone at the bar.  Incongruous detail:  a whiskey bottle on the table beside him. JOHANA enters.  She has also had a few drinks.
61) 0) text: This is the Committee Boat for the diving competition. On the boat, ROBERTO is worried.  He checks his watch and finally decides to wake up his brother.  ENZO is asleep i the fore peak, curled up on a coil of line, snoring away. He wears his tuxedo jacket over a skimpy bathing suit.
61) 1) dialog: Enzo, wake up!
61) 4) dialog: The medics are looking all over for you.
62) 0) text: A medic is bending over ENZO, taking his blood pressure. ROBERTO pulls the tuxedo jacket down.  The doctor puts a blood pressure band around ENZO'S upper arm, pumps it up. He listens with his stethoscope.
63) 0) text: It's a large float, rigged to the stern of the Committee Boat.  ROBERTO and an assistant help ENZO down the swim ladder to the platform.  He's wearing a wet suit and fins He flip-flops to the end of the platform. ROBERTO hands him his mask.  The goggles are filled with polystyrene to eliminate as much air pressure as possible Only two pinholes to see through.  The mask fits tightly over his nose.  When ENZO puts it on, he looks like an astonished insect.  ENZO breathes faster and faster. ROBERTO holds the wire controlling the weighted diving apparatus.  ENZO crosses himself, takes a last long gulp of air. ROBERTO releases the weight.  It sinks and drags ENZO down, he quickly disappears into the dark water...
67) 0) text: JACQUES and JOHANA are walking across the corridor. ENZO walks up to them, followed by his tribe.  Everybody is congratulating him. ROBERTO is screaming, MAMMA MOLINARI is crying.  ENZO smiles as he talks back to them.  He sees JACQUES.
68) 2) text: Mr. Roberto, tell your brother to be reasonable.  Everyone is waiting for him upstairs.  The photographers are there, the press...
68) 3) dialog: He can't, he's indisposed.
68) 6) dialog: No, it's okay.  Mamma is going to try something. JACQUES and JOHANA walk up from the other side of the hal and stop in front of the same door.
119) 0) text: JACQUES, JOHANA and ROBERTO are waiting at the port.
119) 1) dialog: (glancing at his watch)
119) 4) text: We get the picture, Roberto. (looks over her shoulder)
119) 8) dialog: (pointing)
119) 9) text: Here he comes! A speed boat races along the water.  It's a beautiful highly-varnished mahogany Riva.  It races into the port. Standing at the helm, looking like Christopher Columbus his hair brushed back by the wind, is ENZO. Next to him hanging on to the windscreen is an impressive six foot, dark haired beauty.  She has a scarf over her hair.  She wears a purple leather micro-mini with a ceris halter top and her ruby fingernails are three inches long If she ever actually would get cast in a movie, she'd mak Raquel Welch hide in shame.  Her stage name is BONITA MARIPOSA. ENZO kills the THROTTLE, swings the speedboat into a perfect landing at the dock.  ROBERTO takes the lines.
119) 13) dialog: (meaning the speed boat)
119) 17) text: ... Who is going to be careful with the varnish... (back to Roberto)
119) 20) dialog: (checking watch)
120) 0) text: Loud classical music booms from the stereo.  The noise pins JACQUES, ENZO and ROBERTO to their chairs. UNCLE LOUIS gets a bottle of whiskey and serves everybody
122) 0) text: The "problem":  MAMMA MOLINARI sits between ENZO and ROBERTO, looking like a malevolent storm cloud, staring across at BONITA.
122) 1) dialog: (desperately)
122) 16) dialog: (complete panic)
123) 0) text: The diving platform is out.  The competition has begun. ENZO is at the gueuse, getting ready to dive.  ROBERTO works around him busily. BONITA on deck above him is making little gestures of encouragement.  ENZO isn't amused. Other competitors watch from the Committee Boat. ENZO turns the handle on the gueuse, plunges into the water. Professor LAWRENCE, taking notes, stands a few feet away.
124) 0) text: Surfacing.  Assistants help him onto the platform. ROBERTO pulls off his fins.  ENZO rips off his mask.  He looks furious.  He tosses the depth plaque (which proves he is qualified) back into the water.
124) 11) text: It's never the sea!  It's Roberto, Mamma, that stupid actress... Oh shit!  Jacques, what do you know? Go do your Hindu exercises and don't break my balls! ENZO stamps into one of the cabins.
126) 0) text: ENZO bursts out of the water.  He rips off his face mask, throws it on the diving platform, roaring with pleasure. He tosses the depth plague to ROBERTO.
128) 0) text: Officials, NOVELLI, LAWRENCE, ROBERTO and of course ENZO disembark.  There is a lot of excitement on the dock. Everyone has already heard the news. People swarm around ENZO. LAWRENCE spots JACQUES in the crowd, and goes to him.
130) 0) text: ENZO and ROBERTO are on the front deck watching the divers. A German diver comes up to the surface, empty handed. ENZO smiles. The Tahitian comes out of the water in a semi-coma.  The doctors carry him away.  Once he's sure that the diver is out of danger, ENZO smiles again. A whole team of Japanese walk over to the diving platform The team consists of one diver and six assistants, three of them playing music to help the diver concentrate.  The diver wears a white wet suit with a red circle on his forehead.  He is concentrating very hard, so much that ENZO walks over to him to make sure he's okay.  The Japanese diver concentrates with such strength that he faints.
130) 2) text: Fabulous, what a dive, huh? ROBERTO smiles. The diver from the Philippines stands at the end of the diving platform.  He concentrates for a moment then gives up and walks away.
138) 0) text: ROBERTO stands on the port, waiting for his brother. Suddenly the sound of a motor boat and twelve note horn echoes in the bay. The boat has just arrived at the town dock. ENZO, tears rolling down his cheeks from the wind, throws a duffel bag on the dock and looks up at ROBERTO.
138) 2) dialog: (uncomfortable)
149) 0) text: They're at the little zinc bar.  Not talking, not really drinking either, just toying with their glasses. ROBERTO passes, stops.
149) 1) dialog: I've packed all of... Enzo's clothes. (a beat)