5) 4) text: Louis, wake up! He uncovers a kettle on the fire and ladles up a big bowl of soup for Jacques.  A fifty year old man pokes his head out from under the pile of blankets.  It's UNCLE LOUIS, who is having a very hard time, waking up.
6) 0) text: JACQUES bursts out of the house, running.  Diving gear under his arm.  A piece of buttered bread in his mouth. He catches up with his father and UNCLE LOUIS.  They're o a path winding down to the port.  JACQUES slows down abruptly.  Tries to imitate their stride.  The weather is balmy and the sea lies before them, peaceful and blue.
9) 3) dialog: Then you shouldn't eat everyday, Jacques. His father catches him fondly by the scruff of the neck.
9) 6) dialog: (to Jacques)
9) 9) dialog: I've seen them. UNCLE LOUIS goes on.  JACQUES doesn't budge.
9) 10) dialog: Don't you want to know where? JACQUES looks at the bottom to watch his father. He doesn't answer.
10) 0) text: They keep up the rhythm.  Sitting on a rock at a distance ENZO watches them.  UNCLE LOUIS is bored stiff.
10) 1) dialog: Why don't you ask me?
10) 3) dialog: Where I saw the mermaids?!  Why don't you ever ask any question? I'm always the one asking the question!  We're sitting here like two stones and I'm taking to myself. Ask me something, Goddamnit! JACQUES calmly looks over at him, slows down his pumping and almost serenely asks him:
10) 5) text: Why did my mother leave? UNCLE LOUIS seems disturbed by the question.  A beat.
10) 6) dialog: (ill at ease)
11) 0) text: JACQUES and LOUIS are pumping silently.  UNCLE LOUIS feel obliged to answer JACQUES' question. UNCLE LOUIS finally breaks the silence and explains:
11) 1) dialog: Your mother didn't leave.  She went back to America, that's all.  It's her home.  She's allergic to this Island.  She likes refrigerators and machines that clean the floor... so one day she left.  Woman are like that, unpredictable, like the sea. They haven't been paying attention to the bubbles gushing at the surface.  The air hose is being pulled down in a very worrisome way.
11) 3) text: So where did you see mermaids? UNCLE LOUIS smiles.
11) 4) dialog: In the bars in Athens! Very pleased with himself, UNCLE LOUIS burst out laughing JACQUES shyly shrugs his shoulders.  The air hose is suddenly yanked down.  JACQUES immediately sees all the bubbles.  He is white as a sheet. JACQUES rushes to the side of the boat and starts yelling down at his father.  He grabs the life line and starts pulling at it hysterically.  The air hose snaps and starts flying around like some crazy snake.  JACQUES trie to jump overboard.  UNCLE LOUIS catches hold of his foot at the last second.  JACQUES is slapping the water with his hands, trying to go down but UNCLE LOUIS won't let him.  JACQUES is yelling desperately.  ENZO is now standing on his rock, watching the scene, horrified. The sea now looks as if it were boiling. UNCLE LOUIS grabs hold of JACQUES and hugs him in his arms.  Standing on his rock, ENZO is now crying desperately.
116) 2) dialog: Assassin!
116) 4) text: Uncle Louis, this is my friend Johana.
116) 5) dialog: Did you buy the cassettes?  The Wagner, the Berlioz?
116) 7) dialog: Are you crazy?  I have no use for a woman!  Since my accident.
116) 12) text: Uncle Louis.  He's a 75 year old amazing guy, isn't he?
116) 14) dialog: (to Johana)
117) 1) dialog: Where are you from, Henrietta?
117) 4) dialog: What kind of name is that?  To be named after a city?
117) 9) dialog: (yelling at Jacques)
117) 12) dialog: No, no.  It's true.  When I was in New York, oh boy! (to Johana)
117) 16) text: Uncle Louis!  Johana is my friend. She's come to stay with me for a while.
117) 17) dialog: Good.  That way I'll see more of you... Where are you going to stay?
117) 19) dialog: (outraged)
117) 23) dialog: (jumping up)
117) 26) dialog: I'm going to put a lock on the telephone. (them calming down, to Johana)
119) 5) text: Jacques, I think Louis needs help. JACQUES turns around.  UNCLE LOUIS is a few yards behind them at a fish stand on the dock.  He's holding up an eel and screaming at the fishmonger.
119) 6) dialog: (yelling)
120) 0) text: Loud classical music booms from the stereo.  The noise pins JACQUES, ENZO and ROBERTO to their chairs. UNCLE LOUIS gets a bottle of whiskey and serves everybody
120) 2) dialog: I'm not as deaf as you are blind, my boy!  You take care of your eyes, I'll take care of my ears!
120) 4) text: I'm sorry Uncle Louis. UNCLE LOUIS pours him a whiskey.
120) 5) dialog: Come on, drink up, my boy!  It might just save us from your bullshit. The bottle is empty.  UNCLE LOUIS goes to the kitchen. JACQUES turns down the music, and finally hears the bell which has been ringing.  JACQUES opens the apartment door it's Professor LAWRENCE.  Suit and tie and carrying a bottle.
122) 11) dialog: (screaming)
122) 13) dialog: What were Italians doing living in Greece anyway?
122) 15) dialog: That's different!  What's the matter with you?
122) 18) dialog: (to Mamma)