13) 3) text: A CORONER, a big man in his 30's, as he rolls the cart up a security checkpoint manned by TWO FBI AGENTS.  The coro hands his I.D. to FBI AGENT 1, then lifts his arms as FBI AGENT 2 pats him down.
13) 6) text: The two sliding doors in front of the coroner slide open he wheels the metal surgical cart inside, the door closin behind him.
14) 1) text: The Coroner is in the middle of his autopsy.  He talks in a microphone as he works, taking the dismembered parts of Jason from a body bag.
14) 3) dialog: We have a large male caucasian...age unknown...
14) 6) dialog: (continuing) No indication of cirrhosis.
14) 9) text: as the coroner inspects it.
14) 11) dialog: The heart is nearly twice the size of a normal heart.  Malformed...
14) 13) text: The coroner stops.  He didn't see that.
14) 15) dialog: (trying to keep his composure) It appears to be filled with a black, viscous fluid...frankly, I don't know what the hell it is.  It's not blood.
14) 16) text: The heart beats again! The coroner stares, shocked, transfixed.
14) 18) text: It draws the coroner towards it, his eyes glassy, transfi by what he sees.
14) 20) text: The coroner stares, then reaches down and takes the now furiously beating heart in his hands.
15) 2) text: The CORONER'S ASSISTANT walks up, carrying dinner.  The t FBI MEN stop him.
16) 1) text: The assistant walks in to see the Coroner doubled over.
16) 3) text: The Coroner straightens, then turns to the assistant.  Hi mouth is smeared with black liquid of the heart.
16) 10) text: The Coroner holds the dissecting probe up to the Assistan face.
16) 13) text: Suddenly, using his other hand, the Coroner
16) 19) text: Then, the Coroner takes the dissecting probe and drives i into the back of the Assistant's skull.  The Assistant spasms...then goes still.
16) 20) text: The Coroner turns and walks to the door, passing by a mir
16) 23) text: to see the reflection.  It is not the coroner walking by...it's
17) 1) text: The Coroner/Jason strides out of the doors and walks past FBI men.
17) 3) text: The Coroner/Jason stops and slowly turns back to the two smiling FBI men -- there will be doom here very soon.
18) 10) text: Photos of the two FBI men from the morgue, dead and blood as well as photos of the dead assistant coroner.
23) 6) text: As he looks down at Josh.  It is the coroner we see, but eyes are those black empty pools of Jason's evil.  Many l sores cover the man's face. Even as we watch, another seems to push its way forth fro the skin.  Clearly, they weaken the man.  He sways slight Catches his balance... and raises something into view.  A STRANGER RAZOR.
23) 9) text: As he begins to whimper.  The man lowers the razor toward his face.  The blade glints in the firelight as the Coroner/Jason brings it down, closer... closer... until i sharp edge touches Josh's skin.  Then, suddenly,
23) 19) text: Over which we hear the STRANGLED SOUNDS of the Coroner/Ja breathing -- what the hell is he doing?  After a long mom the towel is lifted and, still in
23) 22) text: We see the coroner/Jason lean in, opening his mouth wide, until his face fills the screen.