2) 1) text: ELIZABETH MARCUS drives her Toyota Celica along this heav wooded road.  She's a young woman, innocent looking, swee and pretty.
3) 1) text: Elizabeth parks the Toyota.  She gets out, takes a look a the cabin.
3) 4) text: She comes back out of the car and moves to the cabin.  A porch swing, rotted and unusable, BANGS METHODICALLY agai the old wood of the house.  Elizabeth fumbles for the key and drops them.
4) 1) text: Elizabeth enters.  The place is damp and dank.  A layer o moldy dust has gathered.  Shadows obscure the corners of room.
4) 2) text: Elizabeth put down her bag and gropes the wall for a swit She finds one.  Flips it.  The light turns on for a few b moments...then sputters and goes out.
4) 3) dialog: Shit...
5) 1) text: Elizabeth walks slowly around the cabin, towards a decrep old woodshed at the edge of a dark, unfriendly woods.  Sh slowly opens the door...a mossy ladder rests against the wall.
5) 2) text: Elizabeth enters and walks towards the ladder.  Suddenly, woodshed door BANGS CLOSED.  Elizabeth SHRIEKS then, scrabbling at the door, flings it open and rushes outside with the ladder.
6) 1) text: Elizabeth comes back in with the ladder.  She picks up he bag, removes a four pack of bulbs and, climbing on the ladder, replaces the bulb in the living room.  The light comes on...but it's scant illumination against the dark n
6) 3) text: Grimacing, Elizabeth climbs down the ladder and quickly sweeps up the broken glass.  Having done that, she shuts front door all the way, then puts her bag on the bed and opens it.  She takes out a few pairs of jeans and some sh and moves to the standing wardrobe.
6) 8) text: ...there is no one waiting there in the doorway. Elizabeth yawns, stretches and walks up the stairwell to second floor landing, which leads into a pitch black hall
7) 9) text: Elizabeth SIGHS, resigned, then continues climbing into t tub when -- WHAM!
9) 1) text: Elizabeth turns, startled.  She grabs her towel (brushing her makeup bag) and, wrapping the towel around her, walks slowly down the dark hallway onto the landing.
10) 13) text: Elizabeth stands back up, OBSCURING JASON FROM VIEW.
10) 15) dialog: 
11) 1) text: Elizabeth leaps from the porch, over an overrun flowerbed onto the hood of her car.  She quickly looks behind her.
11) 10) text: quickly gaining.  God, he moves fast!  Elizabeth turns, s us and SCREAMS.
11) 17) text: Elizabeth moves slowly now, turning around, her breathing quick and panicked.  Where is he?!  Is he toying with her She turns and Jason leaps in front of her, machete raised
11) 18) text: Suddenly, Elizabeth reaches into the cleavage at the fron her towel and pulls out a small pistol.
11) 20) dialog: Eat me, you bastard!
12) 25) text: AGENT ABERNATHY makes his way through his quiet, somehow stunned men, and over to Elizabeth.  He is clearly the ma charge -- his suit alone says that and his demeanor backs Elizabeth stands and faces him.  It is a strange tableau. bright lights, the smoke in the air, the nearly naked wom facing the man in the suit.
12) 30) dialog: (shaking his hand) Thank you, sir.