1) 1) text: We're rapidly moving across the water, skimming, towards dark woods on the far shore.
5) 1) text: Elizabeth walks slowly around the cabin, towards a decrep old woodshed at the edge of a dark, unfriendly woods.  Sh slowly opens the door...a mossy ladder rests against the wall.
5) 2) text: Elizabeth enters and walks towards the ladder.  Suddenly, woodshed door BANGS CLOSED.  Elizabeth SHRIEKS then, scrabbling at the door, flings it open and rushes outside with the ladder.
5) 4) text: With a last look over her shoulder, she drags the ladder towards the cabin and enters.
6) 3) text: Grimacing, Elizabeth climbs down the ladder and quickly sweeps up the broken glass.  Having done that, she shuts front door all the way, then puts her bag on the bed and opens it.  She takes out a few pairs of jeans and some sh and moves to the standing wardrobe.
6) 4) text: We know that she will open the doors of that wardrobe and come face to face with her death.
6) 5) text: She opens the wardrobe.
10) 6) text: as a cool breeze from the doorway makes her shiver.  Slow she moves towards the stairs when we HEAR THAT SOUND AGAI from downstairs.  What the hell is it?  Once again she le far out over the landing.
10) 22) text: Relaxing -- everything's okay.  She turns towards the sta and right into Jason, who raises his machete high.
10) 23) text: With a SCREAM, she leaps backwards as Jason swings, flyin through the rotted wood of the railing and crashing down the first floor.
11) 13) text: turning back to face forward when -- WHACK!  She's clippe a tree and knocked to the ground.  She scrambles up and l around.
11) 21) text: She fires one shot directly into Jason's forehead, knocki him back at step, then turns and bolts towards --
14) 18) text: It draws the coroner towards it, his eyes glassy, transfi by what he sees.
21) 14) text: Besides him, WARD, Shelby and Joey B.'s early 20's son, sticks his head out as well.
21) 16) dialog: Ma -- you seriously want me to cut these like this?
21) 21) dialog: They look stupid...
21) 24) text: Joey B. quickly cuts a fresh hamburger patty into the appropriate shape, then balls up the cut-away meat and ho it up in front of Ward.
21) 31) dialog: You guys make me sick.
21) 35) text: We follow Diana as she picks up several plates and walks towards a table, passing by STEVEN FREEMAN who sits at th counter next to his friend RANDY -- a young cop in unifor Steven, early 20's and good-looking, turns to Diana -- wh he's about to say is difficult for him but he tries to ma it seem casual.
21) 46) text: And she leans forward and plants a kiss on his lips.  Jos smiles.
21) 167) text: The Sheriff steps forward.
22) 50) text: Suddenly rushing towards the car, smashing into the drive door, slamming it shut with tremendous force just as Edna head is lowered to enter.
23) 9) text: As he begins to whimper.  The man lowers the razor toward his face.  The blade glints in the firelight as the Coroner/Jason brings it down, closer... closer... until i sharp edge touches Josh's skin.  Then, suddenly,
25) 1) text: Steven and Randy sit by the counter, Vicki stands beside and we can see Ward back in the kitchen, cooking up some
25) 27) dialog: (shouting from back) Yeah!
25) 31) dialog: I called an adoption agency once when I was like nine or something and I told them I wanted to trade my mom in for a box of Lincoln Logs.
25) 32) text: Suddenly, a wet sponge comes flying in from offscreen and hits Ward in the face.
25) 36) dialog: I really wanted those fuckin' Logs.
25) 79) text: Wards sets two paper bags down on the counter.
25) 81) dialog: (to Randy) Food's ready.  Tell the guys at the station the pimp says hi.
26) 13) text: Behind Diana, a shadowy figure appears in the doorway.  W see him as he moves forward, but Diana doesn't.
28) 29) text: Oh, shit.  She back against a wall, looking around -- whe is he?  She turns.  He's not there.  She spots the phone moves towards it.
28) 32) text: The injured, but very obviously alive Josh/Jason holds Diana's head firmly against the carpet.  He lowers his mo towards hers and, once again, that black thing in his mou squirms through his lips.  The phone keeps RINGING and RINGING... Suddenly, the room is bathed in light as a car pulls up outside.
30) 35) text: As he does this, Steven sets Diana down and runs towards window.
34) 1) text: Randy leads Steven from the interrogation room towards th jail cell block.
34) 24) text: Suddenly, Randy jerks Steven away towards the cell block.
37) 1) text: The Sheriff storms down this hallway in a fury.  At the o end we see Creighton Duke, in cuffs, walking towards him OFFICER DILL slightly behind, trying to keep up.