1) 0) text: Frenchie leads them to a rusted bucket of a TRUCK. As he circles around, Father Burke puts their SUITCASES into it bed. And then -- The Truck drives off with them. Revealing Frenchie standing by a HORSE-DRAWN WAGON. Both wagon and horses have seen better days.
3) 0) text: The Gray Stone of the Abbey Walls. The White Knuckles of Frenchie’s grip on his shotgun. Suspect of everything. 25. Like a castle guard, he patrols the entrance. Can’t shake feeling of being watched. Looks up at the Dark Windows. Is someone up there? Watching him? Grooco000000000000aaaan. He spins. Shotgun at the ready. Sister Irene and Father Burke exit the Abbey. Startled, Frenchie quickly lowers his aim.
5) 0) text: Overgrown with Tombstones and Tall Grass. Next to a SMALL CHAPEL that looks as if it’s still standing by faith alon Father Burke and Sister Irene stand at Sister Victoria’s Fresh Grave. Frenchie stands nearby with a shovel. Heads bowed because --
7) 0) text: Sister Irene opens a CLOSET. Digs out old BLANKETS and BE SHEETS. Sniffs them. Surprised they aren’t mildewed. She begins to head down to a Guest Room when she pauses t look at SEVERAL FRAMED PHOTOGRAPHS hanging on the walls. Pictures of the Convent and the Nuns. Years gone by. In t most recent one we see a familiar face -- Sister Charlott Whom we met in the second Annabelle. Sister Irene continues on to the
9) 0) text: A starless, moonless night. Feels like it’s near lifeless too. As Father Burke pauses by a crumbling tombstone. Where’d the boy go? Father Burke walks deeper into the cemetery. His eyes dar from grave to grave. Searching. The Boy could be anywhere Or maybe he’s gone entirely. Because he doesn’t seem to b anywhere. Damnit. Father Burke begins to turn back but -- The Boy. 35. There he is. Standing still in the darkness. His head hun And whoa, it looks like he’s SPROUTED WINGS from his back Who is this? Unnerved, Father Burke slowly approaches. Slow and deliberate. Doesn’t want to scare the boy away. As he draws closer, he realizes those wings. They’re ston Because the boy is standing in front of an ANGEL STATUE. Boy keeps his head down. His eyes off Burke. Father Burke uses this as an opportunity to get even closer when -- The Boy SNAPS HIS EYES up at Burke. Burke stops. Can’t believe it --
9) 4) text: Sister Irene shoots straight up out of bed. Like she just a terrible dream. Gasping for air. She looks around the
11) 0) text: -- Sister Irene. Kneeling at her bedside. Reciting her La Eyes closed. Her voice trembles, fingers fidget. Still clearly rocked by the events of last night.
11) 4) text: Details exquisitely gruesome. Blueprints for strange tort devices. Animals staked. Men skinned. Women burned. And WORDS. Inked in elaborate script. I guess they’re in Latin? Romanian? Not sure. But they seem like --
13) 0) text: Littered with daydrinkers. As much a fixture as the light the taps, and the bar. At which slumps -- Frenchie. Nursing his beer. A YOUNG WOMAN, 19 and a beauty, hangs on him. Speaking Romanian, she whispers into his ear.
14) 0) text: Candles lit. Feels like it’s always night time in here. The Chair sits empty. We hear FOOTSTEPS ECHO before we se Sister Irene and Father Burke enter the chamber. 45. Both quiet. Trying to listen for signs of life. But they hear none. Father Burke walks over to the DOORWAY blocked by the Portcullis. Beyond it, a Passageway draped in shadow. Through the Iron Grate --
14) 8) text: No sign of any Nuns. But on the Tables, a few plates with scattered bread crum Water Glasses half empty. Like they were just here. At each setting, a HOLY CARD. Brand new. Color. Each one depicts a different SAINT with an accompanying prayer. She hears a CLATTER coming from the
16) 12) text: SISTER ABIGAIL (CONT’D) A suicide is a tragedy but that is all it was -- a woman who had lost her grip on reality. Sister Abigail leaves.
21) 0) text: Filled with life and song. A stark contrast to to the Abb Frenchie pushes through the crowd. Sister Irene and Fathe Burke follow. SEVERAL WOMEN -- some younger, some older, all beautiful -- pull at Frenchie: Sit with me, Frenchie. Over here, Frenchie. Go fuck yourself, Frenchie... Frenchie looks back at Sister Irene. Sees her eyeing them suspiciously...
24) 0) text: -- A CLOSED DOOR EXPLODES OPEN with the RED LIGHT OF HELL
28) 0) text: Father Burke, Sister Irene, and Frenchie exit The Black B Pub and walk off down the empty street. Determined --
31) 0) text: Sister Irene enters. Struck by a sense of foreboding. May because the Convent seems even more lifeless than before. Ground looks cracked and churned over. Like a scabbed wou The occasional whistle of wind -- and Sister Irene’s breathing -- the only sound.
32) 0) text: Sister Irene has not come far since we last left her. But can’t blame her for taking her time. For being cautious. Keeps her eyes ahead of her as she inches forward. Ever so slo-- A CROSS. Clatters to the floor. Right in front of her feet. She kneels. Picks it up. Grips it like a sword. Stands an continues on. Rounding a corner, revealing -- That Nun. Kneeling before a CLOSED DOOR. And the door looks rather ordinary. But given the context, I imagine it’s anything We hear That Nun WHISPERING prayers.
33) 0) text: Father Burke approaches the Confessional. Its carvings of damned souls seem to stretch out and reach for him. One of us... One of us... One of us... His eyes dart to the shadows that surround him. The Abbes could be cloaked in any one of those. Or maybe she’s -- Behind the Confessional Curtain. Because it flutters. Eno to raise your hair and get your palms sweating. Father Burke reaches out for the curtain. Grabs the edge pulls it back, revealing -- 77. Nothing. He steps
35) 0) text: In a corner somewhat untarnished by evil, Sister Irene la face down on the floor. The act of prostration. And by th way, there is so much more to this ceremony to explore bu for now let’s just cut to the chase:
36) 5) text: FATHER BURKE (CONT’D) We command you, begone and fly far from the Church of God, from the souls made by God in His Image and redeemed by the Precious Blood of the Divine Lamb. No longer dare, cunning serpent, to deceive the human race, to persecute God's Church, to strike God's elect and to sift them as wheat. For the Most High God commands you, He to Whom you once proudly presumed yourself equal; He Who wills all men to -- Nun CHARGES at Father Burke. FATHER BURKE (CONT’D)
36) 15) text: Thwoooom! Sister Irene is yanked out of frame. She slides across the floor of the undercroft. Still hold onto the keylight as she SCREAMS. FATHER BURKE (CONT’D) Sister! She’s gone. But we go with her. Staying in the light to protect us until we find -- Sister Irene clutching to the sides of a DOOR in the wall Barely hanging on. About to get sucked into the
36) 17) text: Beyond it glows a RED, HELLISH FIERY LIGHT. Shafting thro putrid smoke. Sister Irene struggles as her Habit twists tangles, flying off into the darkness behind her. She continues to fight. And right as it looks like she’s about to win -- oh no -- The Demon Nun appears out of the Portal. Grabs her.
37) 0) text: Father Burke and Sister Irene walk toward the exit. Light streams in through the cracks. The darkness lifted at las
39) 9) dialog: My God, Maurice. What have you done? Lorraine looks over to the MIRROR across the room. And instead of Frenchie’s reflection staring back at her... .--it’s Valak. Lorraine's eyes go WIDE. Oh no... Valak looks at Lorraine. He SNARLS.