0) 10) dialog: Coming, coming... At the bottom, he reaches a DOOR. Opens it and standing i its threshold is -- -- Father Burke and Sister Irene. Wearing plain, pedestri clothes in an effort to blend in. His eyes drop down to Father Burke’s worn LEATHER SATCHEL. Suspicious...
0) 11) dialog: -.-what is it? 12. He looks beyond them. Out into an EMPTY STREET of -- Brasov, Romania Like a lot of Romania, there is a fairy-tale quality to i architecture and landscape. Except I don’t think our stor ends with ‘...and they all lived happily ever after.’ I’m not even sure it ends with ‘...and they all lived.’ Speaking of which --
0) 13) dialog: Jealous husband or an angry father?
0) 15) dialog: It’s usually one of the two when an older man and young, beautiful and not so innocent girl show up on my doorstep at this hour of the morning...
0) 17) dialog: Then perhaps it’s time we did. He grabs her hand in both of his. Doesn’t let go.
0) 18) dialog: Call me Frenchie. Everyone does... Smiles. Turning on the charm.
0) 20) dialog: How’d you -- (wait...) Are you a priest?
0) 22) dialog: Forgive me for my impure thoughts, Sister... But I had no idea. I’ve never seen a nun out of her vestments. Not that I’m opposed to it... She blushes.
0) 24) dialog: In matter of distance, no. But it takes time to get to. Unfortunately your timing couldn’t be worse. Any day now this village will be overrun with the communist army...
0) 26) dialog: No. I’ve discovered that everyone in this town pretends like the Abbey doesn’t exist. Even talking about it will get you in trouble.
0) 28) dialog: I was delivering their quarterly supplies... The Abbey apparently has had an arrangement with the town for decades... 14.
0) 30) dialog: I wish I could help you but maybe there’s somebody better suited. Sister Irene looks at him.
1) 0) text: Frenchie leads them to a rusted bucket of a TRUCK. As he circles around, Father Burke puts their SUITCASES into it bed. And then -- The Truck drives off with them. Revealing Frenchie standing by a HORSE-DRAWN WAGON. Both wagon and horses have seen better days.
1) 1) dialog: You took a plane from Rome. A bus from Bucharest. But now you travel by horse. It’s the only way to reach the abbey. It might be 1952 where you’re from but out here they’re still in the Dark Ages... (attendez...) Where are you things? Still confused, Father Burke looks down the street at the Truck slowly rumbling away. G-ddamnit. And right before Sister Irene bursts out laughing -- Frenchie WHISTLES after the Truck. Its brakes brighten.
1) 16) dialog: Temporary vows? I was under the impression there wasn’t anything temporary about being a Nun...
1) 19) dialog: Would, Sister? Or will? Busted. He looks back at her, curious. Sister Irene a lit flustered. She gathers herself.
1) 21) dialog: Actually I’m French Canadian but don’t tell anyone. It doesn’t sound as romantic... He winks. She rolls her eyes.
1) 22) dialog: And I’m here because I wanted to see the world. But when I arrived in Brasov and met the people I knew this was where I was meant to be -- I wanted to help them in any way I can... An unexpected side of him.
1) 25) dialog: We walk the rest of the way. The horses won’t go any further. As Father Burke and Sister Irene step off --
1) 27) dialog: It’s not the horses, Father. It’s what lies ahead. They’re scared. The Abbey -- the locals say it is a cursed place. The horses agree. Sister Irene stares into the darkness between the pines. Everything so still. So silent. A sense someone is watchi Burke circles around and begins to unstrap the suitcases. Frenchie grabs his arm: Please...
1) 28) dialog: Why don’t you keep your things here and you two stay in town tonight? I'd feel better about it. As Father Burke continues with the suitcases --
1) 30) dialog: J’ai essaye. I tried. They walk. 18.
2) 5) dialog: I can give you my opinion on the matter now, Father. They look and see -- A CASTLE. Or it used to be, anyway. A long time ago. But the last several hundred years it’s been home to
2) 11) dialog: Bombing raids, yes. I’ve heard stories of how the ground shook for days after them. I have tried to find more information on the castle itself but there is no record of it in the village and the locals only spit when it is mentioned...
2) 14) dialog: It’s an old and silly superstition... Drawing closer --
2) 16) dialog: I did. But no one responded. But then again in the two years I've been delivering supplies she was the first nun I’d seen. 20.
2) 19) dialog: The delivery man I replaced. But he told me to shut up about it...
2) 21) dialog: I’ve only heard him speak of it once -- when he was pissed -- er, sorry -- inebriated. But it was gibberish... (remembering...) Mostly. Drawing closer to the entrance, Burke stops. Looks down. BLOOD on the stone. It’s like a Rorschach Test. If you as it kinda looks like... ..-nah, nevermind.
2) 22) dialog: That’s where I found her. They look up. See the Frayed End of the Rope swing in the breeze. But look -- beyond it -- in the
2) 25) dialog: I told you. This place. What’s the opposite of a miracle, Father? Burke looks at him. Question cuts deep for some reason. B he doesn’t answer. He moves over to the
2) 30) dialog: -- tombs?
2) 40) dialog: There was a nun. I found her outside. By the entrance.
3) 0) text: The Gray Stone of the Abbey Walls. The White Knuckles of Frenchie’s grip on his shotgun. Suspect of everything. 25. Like a castle guard, he patrols the entrance. Can’t shake feeling of being watched. Looks up at the Dark Windows. Is someone up there? Watching him? Grooco000000000000aaaan. He spins. Shotgun at the ready. Sister Irene and Father Burke exit the Abbey. Startled, Frenchie quickly lowers his aim.
3) 1) dialog: Sorry -- I thought -- or rather I wasn’t thinking...
3) 3) dialog: Who was that in there?
3) 5) dialog: Why wouldn’t she let us see her?
3) 8) dialog: So it’s settled then. You’ll come back with me and stay in town. Burke walks over to the blood again.
3) 10) dialog: No. When no one inside the Abbey responded I moved it to protect her body from the elements. I intended on returning to bury her but I couldn't bring myself to come back here. Not... not alone.
4) 0) text: Frenchie leads Father Burke and Sister Irene around the perimeter. Stops outside Storm Cellar-like DOORS.
4) 1) dialog: This is the ice house where I would leave my deliveries. I never saw anyone but they were always gone when I returned... until now. When I found the Sister I thought moving her in here would help... preserve her... He OPENS one of the doors. Motions: After you... Father Burke and Sister Irene stoop down and enter into t
4) 3) dialog: I should tell you one more thing, Father...
4) 5) dialog: That isn’t how I left her. Waitwaitwait... They both look over at Frenchie.
4) 7) dialog: She was laying down when I left her here. Not like that. Sitting up. Um...
4) 10) dialog: But Father, who knows how long she was dead when I found her.... Father Burke stops. Turns to Frenchie.
4) 12) dialog: Sorry... Father Burke turns back to Sister Victoria. Kneels beside her. Winces as he sees her head wounds. Makes the Sign of the Cross. His eyes drop down to THAT CROSS she’s clutching in her d frozen hands. But looking closer he sees, wait -- It isn’t just a cross.
5) 0) text: Overgrown with Tombstones and Tall Grass. Next to a SMALL CHAPEL that looks as if it’s still standing by faith alon Father Burke and Sister Irene stand at Sister Victoria’s Fresh Grave. Frenchie stands nearby with a shovel. Heads bowed because --
5) 3) dialog: It was common practice during the plague when people feared of being buried alive. If you were unfortunate enough for it to happen, you could ring the bell to let those above ground know they’ve made a mistake... Sister Irene stands. They continue on toward a CHAPEL tha looks as if it’s still standing by faith alone.
6) 0) text: Aging clouds of dust swirl in the day’s dying light as Fa Burke, Sister Irene and Frenchie enter into the
6) 2) dialog: Why could you not talk to the sisters now? Why must it wait til morning?
6) 5) dialog: Better the roads than here, Father.
6) 7) dialog: Yes, Father. He turns and begins to exit the Church. Throws one last look back at Father Burke and Sister Iren His grim expression says he isn’t so sure they’1ll be fin He’s right.
13) 0) text: Littered with daydrinkers. As much a fixture as the light the taps, and the bar. At which slumps -- Frenchie. Nursing his beer. A YOUNG WOMAN, 19 and a beauty, hangs on him. Speaking Romanian, she whispers into his ear.
13) 1) dialog: You know I don’t speak Romanian. She whispers some more.
13) 2) dialog: I still have no idea what you’re talking about, Mademoiselle. More whispers. She smiles as she does. So does Frenchie. at what she’s saying though. But at her hand on his thigh Frenchie nods: Yes, yes, now he understands...
13) 3) dialog: I agree. Actions do speak louder than words...
13) 5) dialog: Oh shit. Frenchie swats her hand away. He turns. Sees it’ GREGORO, 60s. Waving him over. Phew...
13) 7) dialog: Don’t leave. He walks over.
13) 9) dialog: A Priest and a Nun. I took them up to the Abbey... Gregoro’s expression hardens.
13) 11) dialog: They were sent by the Church.
13) 13) dialog: Yes. I pick them today. Gregoro motions to the bartender: One more drink...
13) 15) dialog: Yes.
19) 0) text: Father Burke looks over at Sister Irene as she exits the Convent. Frenchie runs over to her.
19) 1) dialog: Dieu Merci. Are you okay?
19) 3) dialog: What is what?
19) 7) dialog: Adoration? Qu’est-ce que c’est?
19) 9) dialog: How is that possible? They need to sleep, don’t they?
19) 14) dialog: What’s Matthew 3:13?
19) 16) dialog: Please. Let us go back into town. If I can’t bring you to your senses I know a man there who will. 56.
20) 0) text: Frenchie leads Sister Irene and Father Burke to the entra He hesitates. Sheepishly looks over to Sister Irene.
20) 2) dialog: It isn’t the classiest of establishments, Sister. Like maybe you should stay outside but --
21) 0) text: Filled with life and song. A stark contrast to to the Abb Frenchie pushes through the crowd. Sister Irene and Fathe Burke follow. SEVERAL WOMEN -- some younger, some older, all beautiful -- pull at Frenchie: Sit with me, Frenchie. Over here, Frenchie. Go fuck yourself, Frenchie... Frenchie looks back at Sister Irene. Sees her eyeing them suspiciously...
21) 2) dialog: What can I say, Sister -- I have charitable nature... Once again she rolls her eyes. They continue on.
28) 0) text: Father Burke, Sister Irene, and Frenchie exit The Black B Pub and walk off down the empty street. Determined --
28) 2) dialog: My wagon? For what -- returning to the Abbey? You can’t be serious.
28) 4) dialog: Return to our lives?
28) 6) dialog: You don’t have to go. You can stay here. With me. Let him save the world on his own... Sister Irene stands between them. Debating. She makes a choice. Moves toward Father Burke. 63.
28) 7) dialog: Sister. Are you certain? You really are going to go with him up there?
33) 17) dialog: I thought you could use some help.
34) 20) dialog: Seemed like the noble thing to do.
34) 42) dialog: Now that, Sister, is a noble act.
36) 0) text: Sister Irene, Father Burke and Frenchie hurry with the ke The Nun stares up at her from the courtyard. Oh no...
36) 9) dialog: Sister... Merde. He’s come face to face with the Winged Boy. It grabs Fren by the neck and slams him down onto the ground. The Winged Boy clambers on top of him. And as Frenchie op his mouth to scream the Boy opens his mouth and -- -- VOMITS A SERPENT into his mouth. The snake writhes and slithers down Frenchie’s throat. The Boy stands up. And for a second we lose him in the darkness. But a small shaft of light find him again, revealing he’s no longer The Boy but... ...The Demon Nun. She steps further into the shadows. Sister Irene spins.
36) 11) dialog: Sister... Over there.
36) 13) dialog: J’ai trouvé 1’eau si belle que je m’y suis baigné... Sister Irene holds the light over him, he continues to si as he starts to look back. Twisting his head on his neck. Bones SNAP. 91. Until he’s staring up at her. With EYES OF THE DEMONIC. A UPSIDE DOWN CROSSES pushing through his skin. He lunges at her. Sister Irene stumbles back. Frenchie POUNCES on top of her. Fights for the Keylight. Holding his hand over the flame, the GLOW -- Dims... and dims... And the evil in the darkness encroaches. Getting closer t her. Revealing themselves to be a cloister of -- DEMONIC NUNS. Whispering Satanic prayers. The Keylight -- that Holy Light -- almost gone as Frenchi continues to pin Sister Irene to the ground. Gripping it tight. But then -- Father Burke SLAMS into Frenchie. Frenchie falls to the s in a crumpled heap.