13) 8) dialog: That couple I saw you with yesterday. Who were they?
13) 10) dialog: The Abbey? Why?
13) 12) dialog: Are they still up there? They stayed the night?
13) 14) dialog: You recently discovered a body up there, didn’t you?
13) 16) dialog: Well, drink up to steel your nerves, son. I believe you’re about to discover two more.
21) 4) dialog: Priest or no priest, I don’t trust any man who won’t drink with me. Father Burke looks at the others. Like, when in Rome... a He drinks. Gregoro immediately pours another. Looks at him. Go on... Father Burke picks it up. Shoots. Scores. Gregoro nods in satisfaction. GREGORO (CONT’D) I want to make something clear at the start, Father. No matter what I say -- these are not rumors. These are not exaggerations. These stories are true. Passed down through my family for generations. It has been our burden to live with this truth. But we carry it proudly, like soldiers -- so we may protect those around us from doing any harm...
21) 6) dialog: Mount Sinai. The Garden Tomb. The Chapel of Ascension... These are holy places, yes? Yes. GREGORO (CONT’D) There are unholy places as well, Father. As with holy grounds, I do not know the number, but if there are five -- if there are twenty -- if there a hundred -- it makes no matter -- that Abbey is the most Godless of them all... 58. Pour. Drink. And then -- GREGORO (CONT’D) It was built by the Marquis of Snakes in the Dark Ages. You heard of Vlad the Impaler, yes? A man consumed with stretching out the last painful moments of life. But when death comes, his interest was no more. This was not so for the Marquis. In fact that is when his interest began....
21) 9) dialog: He would kill -- murder -- husbands and wives -- fathers and mothers -- sons and daughters -- brothers and sisters -- young -- old -- it did not matter. He did it to study death... Marquis PLUNGES the Dagger into the Belly of the Villager PAN UP the Villager as the Marquis continues to SLICE. Until we reach the Marquis. Staring into the eyes of the Villager. Listening to his screams. Soaking ‘em in. Off screen, we sense he’s stopped slicing. He’s taken thi person to the brink of death. Just a second or two away. The Villager has stopped screaming. His eyes stare past t Marquis. Like it’s seeing something from beyond.
21) 11) dialog: Convinced he could not just conquer it -- but control it. He was a student but soon became a teacher of the occult....
22) 1) dialog: He wrote countless texts, filled with spells for conjuring demons and rituals in which to call upon the forces of Hell. Think of our prayers -- our selfish prayers -- heal me, save me, do me this one favor, God. Such little requests in the grand scheme of things, no?
23) 1) dialog: The Marquis had grander ambitions and became a devout follower of Hell and all its demons dwelling within... And unlike some of our prayers, Father, his were answered. Hell used him as a tool to open a portal so that its evil would walk among us... The FIRE brightens and --
25) 0) text: Back on Gregoro and the Others. 60.
25) 2) dialog: Many did. Many failed. It was not easy when you go into battle against Hell itself. But the Church ultimately found success -- though it was costly. Known as the secret crusade or the serpent crusade...
26) 1) dialog: ...the Church stormed the castle and killed the Marquis and his followers... In the
26) 5) dialog: As a defensive measure, the Church claimed the castle as their own, creating the Abbey to forever bless the grounds as Holy to protect us against any potential fall out. And it did. For many generations. But after the war, something changed there...
27) 0) text: Gregoro stares at the Others.
27) 1) dialog: The ground became fallow, the livestock fell sick and died, and this once peaceful and pious village has become this... He gestures around the bar. At all the revelry, the drunkenness, the devil-may-care attitudes... GREGORO (CONT’D) But it doesn’t stop here in this village. Look at what is happening to the rest of this country. Like a disease it has spread... Religion being driven out. Evil is winning this war... Burke flinches. GREGORO (CONT’D) You feel it too, don’t you? I fear the Nuns in that convent have failed us. The door has been opened. (MORE )
27) 2) text: GREGORO (CONT’D) And if it is, how much time do we have left before the world goes to Hell? Drink. And as Gregoro SLAMS the shot glass down again we --