0) 1) dialog: The territory?
0) 3) dialog: I’ve never been in that part of the world... Burke stops: Really? SISTER IRENE (CONT’D) There must have been some mistake. I apologize if coming here was a waste of your time...
0) 5) dialog: Not long at all, Father.
0) 16) dialog: It’s three in the afternoon. And I beg your pardon, Mr. Thierault, but you and I have never met. Frenchie eyes her up an down.
0) 27) dialog: If I may ask, why were you there?
0) 31) dialog: Please. Fuck. Maybe he can say no to a priest but he definitely c say no to a pretty face. Even if she is a nun.
1) 6) dialog: Dawning?
1) 8) dialog: Does it work?
1) 10) dialog: Beginner’s luck. I never really liked puzzles growing up...
1) 12) dialog: But isn’t that where faith is supposed to step in?
1) 14) dialog: ...about three years. 16. Says that like she knows what’s coming next.
1) 18) dialog: Temporary Vows would help prepare me for a life of total consecration...
1) 20) dialog: What brings a Frenchman to the countryside of Romania?
1) 23) dialog: That’s very noble of you. Sister Irene and Frenchie exchange a meaningful look when Wagon JOLTS to a sudden stop. 17. Startles ‘em. SISTER IRENE (CONT’D) What happened? Surrounded by the Pines. Casting dark shadows. Frenchie h off the Wagon. He grabs his SHOTGUN.
2) 1) dialog: If I may ask, Father, why is it the Church sends you on such tasks?
2) 3) dialog: I thought we were here because of a suicide...
2) 7) dialog: That doesn’t look like any Abbey I’ve seen, Father... 19. Father Burke throws her a look: No, me neither.
2) 13) dialog: To ward off evil.
2) 17) dialog: It is a convent of cloistered nuns. They live with a spirit of detachment from material things and being set apart from the world in order to maintain their intimate relationship with Jesus Christ... It isn’t unusual for them to not make contact with an outsider. Good to know.
2) 20) dialog: What does he say about this place?
2) 24) dialog: How is that possible? It’s been weeks.... 21.
2) 29) dialog: They must be the Death Masks of the people inside those tombs. Frenchie steps away. Sister Irene and Father Burke behind him. He’s rattled. Did he really just hear that singing? And wait --
2) 33) dialog: Senses the Figure behind them. She turns. Suspicions confirmed. She moves toward it.
2) 34) dialog: Hello? Father Burke and Frenchie turn. Sees the Abbess. Frenchie looks over at the others, like -- Is that normal? SISTER IRENE (CONT’D) Please excuse our unannounced arrival... 23. No answer. No movement. SISTER IRENE (CONT’D) Hello? Nothing. Unnerved, Sister Irene stops. Looks back at the others: Now what? She turns back to the Abbess. And now sees the Abbess has cocked her head right at her. Staring at her through the veil. God help us.
3) 0) text: The Gray Stone of the Abbey Walls. The White Knuckles of Frenchie’s grip on his shotgun. Suspect of everything. 25. Like a castle guard, he patrols the entrance. Can’t shake feeling of being watched. Looks up at the Dark Windows. Is someone up there? Watching him? Grooco000000000000aaaan. He spins. Shotgun at the ready. Sister Irene and Father Burke exit the Abbey. Startled, Frenchie quickly lowers his aim.
3) 2) dialog: It’s fine, Frenchie.
3) 6) dialog: She was wearing a parlor veil. They are worn when meeting people outside their cloister to maintain the spirit of detachment...
4) 0) text: Frenchie leads Father Burke and Sister Irene around the perimeter. Stops outside Storm Cellar-like DOORS.
4) 13) dialog: What is it, Father? It’s actually -- 28.
5) 0) text: Overgrown with Tombstones and Tall Grass. Next to a SMALL CHAPEL that looks as if it’s still standing by faith alon Father Burke and Sister Irene stand at Sister Victoria’s Fresh Grave. Frenchie stands nearby with a shovel. Heads bowed because --
5) 2) dialog: Amen. A BREEZE blows. We hear -- 29. Ting... Ting... Ting... Of TINY BELLS staked next to several graves. Sister Irene kneels by one of the Bells. Sees TWINE tied it while the other end of thread disappears into the dirt She tugs on the twine. Ting. Bell rings. Frenchie and Father Burke appear behind her.
6) 0) text: Aging clouds of dust swirl in the day’s dying light as Fa Burke, Sister Irene and Frenchie enter into the
6) 3) dialog: The sisters take a vow of silence from sunset to sunrise. That must be respected... 30.
7) 0) text: Sister Irene opens a CLOSET. Digs out old BLANKETS and BE SHEETS. Sniffs them. Surprised they aren’t mildewed. She begins to head down to a Guest Room when she pauses t look at SEVERAL FRAMED PHOTOGRAPHS hanging on the walls. Pictures of the Convent and the Nuns. Years gone by. In t most recent one we see a familiar face -- Sister Charlott Whom we met in the second Annabelle. Sister Irene continues on to the
7) 6) dialog: Transferals?
7) 8) dialog: ..-passing? Father Burke writes it in. Stops. Erases.
7) 10) dialog: I told you it was beginner’s luck.
7) 12) dialog: Father. You mentioned miracle hunting before. Is that -- is that a role you sought out? Father Burke doesn’t look up from his food. Because he doesn’t really want to have this conversation right now. Or ever. 32.
7) 14) dialog: So you know Bishop Form? That gets him to look up.
7) 16) dialog: Because he helped me when I was younger... Father Burke sets his fork down: Really... SISTER IRENE (CONT’D) I had a series of visions when I was a girl. My father believed one of two things: I was mentally unstable or worse, I was a liar. But word of my visions reached the church -- Cardinal Conroy specifically -- and he sent Bishop Form to meet with me. Days before I was to be committed, they contacted my Father and convinced him of a third option...
7) 18) dialog: That they could be.
7) 20) dialog: He did.
7) 22) dialog: Yes. But after his investigation he determined I was of pure spirit and suggested I dedicate myself to the Lord...
7) 24) dialog: No. Burke nods. His thoughts distant. SISTER IRENE (CONT’D) What about the boy? Did his eventually stop as well? Father Burke flinches. A painful memory.
9) 4) text: Sister Irene shoots straight up out of bed. Like she just a terrible dream. Gasping for air. She looks around the
9) 7) dialog: Father? No answer. Hesitant, she creeeaks open the door further to find it’s empty. Concerned, Sister Irene turns and is faced with -- THAT SHADOW on the wall behind her. In the Unholy Shape o The Nun. It moves. Walking along the wall and floor. Toward the Nave. Where she hears DISTANT CHANTING. WHISPERING. And PRAYING. Unsettled, Sister Irene follows the shadow into the
9) 13) dialog: Father! FATHER! Starts to dig her fingers into the dirt. Scraping it away desperate. Continue to call out for -- SISTER IRENE (CONT’D) Father! I can hear you! 39. She looks around for something to help her. Sees the SHOV Frenchie used earlier leaning against the grave. Gets up. Grabs it. She begins to dig. And dig. And dig. Thump! Must be the coffin. Not six feet under. But far enough. L the shovel drop. Returns to using her hands. As she sweeps away the surface dirt, she reveals HUNDREDS TINY CROSSES. Scratched deep into the lid of the COFFIN. Father Burke continues to POUND against the lid. Sister Irene pries it open. Father Burke sits right up, gasping for life. He grasps onto Sister Irene like she’s just pulled him fr the depths of death. Eventually able to muster --
11) 0) text: -- Sister Irene. Kneeling at her bedside. Reciting her La Eyes closed. Her voice trembles, fingers fidget. Still clearly rocked by the events of last night.
11) 1) dialog: -- is now, and ever shall be, world without end. Amen. Alleluia. Doesn’t sound so joyous though. She opens her eyes. They take in the small room, lit soft the purple dawn. She sighs: Damn. Wasn’t a dream.
11) 7) dialog: It’s heresy. They should have been destroyed...
11) 9) dialog: Marquis?
11) 11) dialog: Why would a marquis have books on witchcraft?
11) 13) dialog: Yes, Father. It’s just the events of last night... What I saw in the Chapel... It weighs on me.
11) 15) dialog: The boy from France?
11) 17) dialog: Was it a success?
11) 19) dialog: But not you?
11) 21) dialog: Are you certain it was him you saw last night? He looks up at her. Not sure he wants to answer that question. Waitaminute...
11) 23) dialog: Excuse me?
12) 0) text: Everything about the Convent screams ‘Don’t Come Any Clos But there’s Father Burke and Sister Irene anyway. Trudging up the path. They stop when they come to Sister Victoria’s BLOOD STAIN because...
12) 1) dialog: ...there’s more of it. She's right. The Blood Stains are larger. As if the earth itself is wounded, bubbling over with blood.
12) 3) dialog: Father. Is this our answer to whether the grounds are still holy? Father Burke looks at the Convent.
14) 0) text: Candles lit. Feels like it’s always night time in here. The Chair sits empty. We hear FOOTSTEPS ECHO before we se Sister Irene and Father Burke enter the chamber. 45. Both quiet. Trying to listen for signs of life. But they hear none. Father Burke walks over to the DOORWAY blocked by the Portcullis. Beyond it, a Passageway draped in shadow. Through the Iron Grate --
14) 3) dialog: I'll go find the Abbess. Father Burke pulls the Rosary Key out of his pocket.
14) 6) dialog: Hello? Wait! She follows the Nun and enters into the
14) 12) dialog: This convent has had perpetual adoration for centuries. The sisters pray in shifts to maintain the constant vigil.
14) 13) dialog: I am sorry to have disturbed her.
14) 14) dialog: You didn’t. But almost. However Sister Ruth has withstood more than just someone sneaking up behind her... Sister Irene. Embarrassed. Sister Miranda steps a little into the light. Revealing a face of bruised beauty. Makes you wince. Sister Irene too. SISTER MIRANDA (CONT’D) I’m Sister Miranda. We were told you were coming...
14) 15) dialog: Y-yes. I’m here with Father Burke. There is an official inquiry into the circumstances that led to the recent and unfortunate death in your cloister... Sister Miranda considers this. Then:
14) 17) dialog: Please. Follow me.
16) 0) text: A Fire CRACKS and POPS in the hearth. Sister Miranda and Sister Irene sit in nearby chairs. Feeling its warmth. It'd be cozy. If it wasn’t creepy. Sister Miranda finishes stirring a CUP OF TEA and offers to Sister Irene. She takes it. Sips it. Bitter. Gross. But she manages a polite and grateful smile anyway.
16) 1) dialog: Sister Victoria’s death was a terrible tragedy for the convent but we still feel her presence. (MORE )
16) 3) dialog: She was the most devoted out of any of us... A heavy pause. And a darkness in the doorway behind Siste Irene catches Sister Miranda’s eye. She stares as -- Sister Irene turns and looks. No one there. SISTER MIRANDA (CONT’D) Excuse me, Sister... Up from her chair. Over to the door. She quickly closes i The creeeeaking hinges rival the crackling fire. She returns to her seat by the fire. SISTER MIRANDA (CONT’D) Sister Vict-- Creeeaaaaaaak. Shit. Door OPEN. Both Sister Irene and Sister Miranda look. Standing in th shadows -- who is that? -- The Nun? -- Or just a Nun? Well, whoever it is turns and walks out of view. Sister Miranda. Slight tremble. Slight break in her voice she turns back to Sister Irene and explains: SISTER MIRANDA (CONT’D) Forgive us. We’re highly protective of our privacy. Some of the sisters would prefer I not speak to you at all...
16) 4) dialog: We appreciate your willingness to do so... Sister Miranda forces a smile. Looks back over her should Distracted. Sister Irene tries to pull her attention back SISTER IRENE (CONT’D) Sister Miranda -- last night -- in the Chapel -- I saw a Nun... It worked. That gets Sister Miranda’s attention. Her face pale. Her eyes wide. Brimming with fear. 52. SISTER IRENE (CONT’D) She was... She felt... anything but Holy... Once more Sister Miranda looks to make sure they’re alone And then she leans in and whispers to Sister Irene --
16) 5) dialog: Do you see her too? I’ve seen her stalking the hallways at night. We all have... She looks like us. But she’s not one of us. It’s something unholy. It takes on the blasphemous form to corrupt us... It made Sister Victoria commit the ultimate sin and --
16) 7) dialog: It’s time to attend to your prayers... Sister Miranda and Sister Irene quickly stand. Both start by the sudden presence of Sister Abigail. And from their conversation.
16) 8) dialog: Yes, Sister. Sister Abigail looks at Sister Irene. Passing judgment.
16) 10) dialog: No.
16) 13) dialog: Come, Sister. I will show you out.
17) 0) text: Sister Irene follows Sister Miranda to the Passageway. Be she leaves, Sister Irene remembers the Rosary Key in her pocket. Pulls it out and shows it to Sister Miranda.
17) 1) dialog: Sister Victoria had this in her possession when she died. Do you happen to know what it’s for? A flash of recognition across Sister Miranda's face tells that yeah, she definitely does. But again she says --
17) 2) dialog: No. Spots something out of the corner of her eye. Not sure wh But whatever it was it causes her to -- SISTER MIRANDA (CONT’D) Now. Please. Go.
17) 3) dialog: Father Burke will want to hear this directly from the Abbess.
17) 4) dialog: I’1l see what can be done. She looks back over her shoulder. A NUN standing on a balcony. That same one from earlier. Looking down on them with a face shrouded in shadow.
17) 5) dialog: Who is that? Eyes up to the balcony -- 54.
17) 6) dialog: Tell Father to remember Matthew 6:13: “Trust in the Lord with all your heart, and do not lean on your own understanding...”
18) 0) text: Sister Irene steps out of the Passageway. Sees the burnt outline of the Pentagram. Makes the sign of the Cross. Looks around the Parlour. It’s empty. No sign of Father Burke. She hurries for the exit.
19) 0) text: Father Burke looks over at Sister Irene as she exits the Convent. Frenchie runs over to her.
19) 2) dialog: Yes. Fine. Thank you. Father, what is that in the parlour?
19) 5) dialog: Something is off. They’re being tormented by something. The nun I spoke with -- Sister Miranda -- she says she’s seen things too. Things that I’ve seen. They all have. But she told me this in confidence -- like she was scared to speak of it. It is my belief that this is why they keep perpetual adoration as well, Father. For centuries, I was told.
19) 8) dialog: It’s constant prayer. Every hour of every day.
19) 11) dialog: When I was leaving, Father, Sister Miranda wanted me to remind you of Matthew 3:13: “Trust in the Lord with all your heart, and do not lean on your own understanding...”
19) 13) dialog: I know. I think she quoted the wrong verse because she feared someone was listening to us. Someone who wouldn’t know Matthew 3:13...
19) 15) dialog: It’s a part of the Lord’s Prayer. “Lead us not into temptation, and deliver us from evil. “ SISTER IRENE (CONT’D) It’s a cry for help. Father Burke looks up at the Convent. Thinking.
20) 0) text: Frenchie leads Sister Irene and Father Burke to the entra He hesitates. Sheepishly looks over to Sister Irene.
20) 1) dialog: What is it?
20) 3) dialog: Neither was the stable in Bethlehem but that served its purpose. She enters. After a look, Frenchie and Father Burke follo
21) 0) text: Filled with life and song. A stark contrast to to the Abb Frenchie pushes through the crowd. Sister Irene and Fathe Burke follow. SEVERAL WOMEN -- some younger, some older, all beautiful -- pull at Frenchie: Sit with me, Frenchie. Over here, Frenchie. Go fuck yourself, Frenchie... Frenchie looks back at Sister Irene. Sees her eyeing them suspiciously...
21) 1) dialog: So this is what you meant by helping the people of this town?
25) 1) dialog: Did no one try and stop him?
28) 0) text: Father Burke, Sister Irene, and Frenchie exit The Black B Pub and walk off down the empty street. Determined --
28) 8) dialog: Not just with him. We go with God.
29) 0) text: Father Burke and Sister Irene sit in the Box Seat. Burke holds the reigns as the Horses clopclopclop along. Like it’s a funeral procession.
29) 1) dialog: On our first night here you asked if the visions were what led me to this life... They didn’t. Father Burke looks at her: Tell me more. SISTER IRENE (CONT’D) My visions weren’t like Our Lady of Fatima or Our Lady of Lourdes. I didn’t see an apparition of the Blessed Virgin Mary, hear the voices of the angels, or receive words of prophecy. The things I saw, Father... When I saw them -- it didn’t feel as if the Lord was calling for me. It felt as if I was being called by something... else. So they didn’t lead me into this life. They pushed me. They forced me into it -- hoping my devotion to the Lord would protect me from the Unholy Evil I knew...
29) 3) dialog: Until we came to this place. The evil I sensed as a child. The visions I saw -- they never had a face. But last night... last night I looked directly into its eyes. I was terrified. But it was then I also truly knew for the first time that I was right and my father was wrong -- I wasn’t crazy. 64.
30) 0) text: Father Burke and Sister Irene enter. Father Burke walks o to the Passageway. He is about to enter but -- wait --
30) 1) dialog: Father Burke. Please. We know this place was not originally built as a convent. But the Church deemed it Holy ground. We must respect that or our sacrilege may empower whatever evil may reside within. Can't believe she’s saying this but -- SISTER IRENE (CONT’D) Let me go in and find the sisters.
30) 3) dialog: I am afraid of this place, Father. But I fear it more if we begin treating it with irreverence.
30) 6) dialog: I‘1l go find Sister Miranda.
31) 0) text: Sister Irene enters. Struck by a sense of foreboding. May because the Convent seems even more lifeless than before. Ground looks cracked and churned over. Like a scabbed wou The occasional whistle of wind -- and Sister Irene’s breathing -- the only sound.
31) 1) dialog: Hello? Her voice so small. Her sense of dread so big. Feeling exposed, Sister Irene looks for cover under one of the
32) 0) text: Sister Irene has not come far since we last left her. But can’t blame her for taking her time. For being cautious. Keeps her eyes ahead of her as she inches forward. Ever so slo-- A CROSS. Clatters to the floor. Right in front of her feet. She kneels. Picks it up. Grips it like a sword. Stands an continues on. Rounding a corner, revealing -- That Nun. Kneeling before a CLOSED DOOR. And the door looks rather ordinary. But given the context, I imagine it’s anything We hear That Nun WHISPERING prayers.
32) 1) dialog: What is this place? Creeeaaaaaaak... Closed Door begins to slowly open. From which -- A GUST OF WIND. Catches That Nun’s Habit and whips it up and away, as if whoever was wearing it is invisible. Or a ghost. Habit falls. And then is sucked into the STORM OF BLACKNESS beyond Tha Open Door. Oh God. What’s in there? Terrified, Sister Irene stumbles back. Looks away from th That Door. Her expression pained. She drops the cross. 75. And then -- EVERY CRUCIFIX AND CROSS IN THE CORRIDOR FALLS. And one by one they begin to slide into the doorway. Sister Irene looks up. Emerging out of the blackness beyond she sees -- The Nun. Sister continues racing through
34) 0) text: scratch As Sister Irene listens to Sister Ruth, occasionally her drift over to the back of poor Sister Miranda.
34) 2) dialog: She wanted help. I know she did.
34) 4) dialog: But she killed herself.
34) 6) dialog: Of what? 81.
34) 8) dialog: Why? What’s happening? Is what they say true? Is there really a -- a portal -- a doorway to Hell here?
34) 11) dialog: A nun.
34) 12) dialog: Yes.
34) 14) dialog: Protection?
34) 16) dialog: The key. Sister Victoria was holding it...
34) 19) dialog: Father Burke. She lets him in. He enters. Followed by Frenchie. SISTER IRENE (CONT’D) Frenchie?
34) 21) dialog: How did you find me?
34) 23) dialog: The key. Do you have the key?
34) 25) dialog: Sister Ruth. Tell him about the key... But Sister Ruth just stares at her. SISTER IRENE (CONT’D) Sister Ruth -- please --
34) 30) dialog: They're all dead. It is lost.
34) 35) dialog: Yes. I do too. But we can’t go down there unless we’re guarded against the evil...
34) 37) dialog: The key. Father Burke pulls out the Key.
34) 39) dialog: But Father, before we begin, I'd like to take my vows... Frenchie stops the stitches. Looks at her. As if he might something. Something clever, something witty...
34) 41) dialog: My visions. I now know they are a miracle of God and I am ready to commit my life to Him...
35) 0) text: In a corner somewhat untarnished by evil, Sister Irene la face down on the floor. The act of prostration. And by th way, there is so much more to this ceremony to explore bu for now let’s just cut to the chase:
36) 0) text: Sister Irene, Father Burke and Frenchie hurry with the ke The Nun stares up at her from the courtyard. Oh no...
36) 10) dialog: Frenchie? Frenchie?! From the shadows -- he groans --
36) 12) dialog: You need to stay in the light! She runs in the direction of his suffering. The light rev him huddled on the ground. What’s he whispering? Oh God... Is he... Is he singing?
36) 15) text: Thwoooom! Sister Irene is yanked out of frame. She slides across the floor of the undercroft. Still hold onto the keylight as she SCREAMS. FATHER BURKE (CONT’D) Sister! She’s gone. But we go with her. Staying in the light to protect us until we find -- Sister Irene clutching to the sides of a DOOR in the wall Barely hanging on. About to get sucked into the
36) 17) text: Beyond it glows a RED, HELLISH FIERY LIGHT. Shafting thro putrid smoke. Sister Irene struggles as her Habit twists tangles, flying off into the darkness behind her. She continues to fight. And right as it looks like she’s about to win -- oh no -- The Demon Nun appears out of the Portal. Grabs her.
36) 18) dialog: No! Sister Irene looks back at the Nun. She sees its skin pee away, revealing a snarling BLACK, DEMON-SNAKE FACE. With mouth filled with fangs. Head with horns. Sister Irene SCREAMS. Father Burke sees Irene through the other Demonic Nuns. Determined, he fights his way forward.
36) 20) dialog: Thank God.
36) 22) dialog: Frenchie... But he’s gone.
37) 0) text: Father Burke and Sister Irene walk toward the exit. Light streams in through the cracks. The darkness lifted at las
38) 0) text: Father Burke and Sister Irene sit in a pew.
38) 2) dialog: No. My path has led me here. This is where I will remain to help rebuild the Abbey...
38) 4) dialog: What about Frenchie? We never found his body. He must be somewhere. Did the evil escape with him?
38) 8) dialog: How can you say that with such certainty?
39) 0) text: Sister Irene stands in the Doorway as she watches Father Burke disappear beyond the crosses. Looks down to her han Holding a BLACK HABIT. Miranda’s, maybe. Or Sister Victoria’s. But now? It’s hers. She puts on the Habit. Wears it well. Gives one last look to the outside world before --