5) 6) dialog: Can't believe it, A stiff, first? Miraculous. Probably why you left in the first place. What’s your name? TRIS hesitates, and FOUR faintly smiles.
5) 7) dialog: Choose carefully, you'll only pick once. 12. TRIS considers for a moment.
5) 9) dialog: (Shouting) First Jumper - TRIS! The crowd of Dauntless appear out of the darkness, and ch FOUR pulls TRIS away as the next Jumper is heard.
5) 10) dialog: Welcome to Dauntless.
6) 1) dialog: This is where we divide. Dauntless- born initiates, Lauren, is waiting for you at the top of the Pit. I trust you do not need a tour of this place. The Dauntless-born all hurry away, and climb the pit with deft skill. TRIS looks around, counting the initiates lef there are 9. TRIS’ abnegation uniform stands out from t rest are Erudite, and candor.
6) 2) dialog: I normally work in Control, but I will be your instructor for the next few weeks. My name is FOUR. There’s a general murmur in the crowd at the name.
6) 3) dialog: Is there a problem? The crowd silences immediately.
6) 4) dialog: Now, this is the Pit, you will learn to enjoy it. 13. TRIS looks around, there are no elderly Dauntless. FOUR m into the light, and his back is covered in a tattoo peaki out from the collar of his shirt. FOUR waves to the pitch black right side of the Pit.
6) 5) dialog: That, will be the chasm. Follow me, I will show you. The sound of fast moving water breaks the sound of footfa The initiates arrive at the edge, and the floor drops off nearly vertically several stories. There’s a river at t bottom .
6) 6) dialog: (Shouting) Let this be the reminder that the line between bravery, and idiocy is very fine. One jump will end it all. It’s happened before, and it will happen again. The initiates murmur, as they are led to the dining call across the Pit. The dining hall is full of people, and clattering silverware. The Dauntless notice the initiates and make noise, applause, stomps, and shouts, welcoming t initiates.
7) 0) text: The initiates sit around a side table, FOUR sits with the The tables are laden with hamburgers. TRIS looks at the f confused.
7) 1) dialog: It’s beef, put this on it. FOUR passes tris a small container of red sauce, ketchup. Candor girl beside TRIS tall, dark brown skinned, with sh hair, CHRISTINA, looks surprised.
7) 4) dialog: (simply) Stiffs eat plain food, extravagance is apparently considered self- indulgent, and unnecessary, food, clothing, adornments, everything. CHRISTINA’s expression changes from shocked to smirky.
8) 0) text: FOUR arrives leading the initiates. He stops abruptly, an turns to face them.
8) 1) dialog: We take initiation very seriously, so training is everything. Some rules: you have to be in the training room by 8 o’clock every day. Training is from 8 to 6 each day with a break for lunch. After that, it’s free to do whatever that you transfers do. There’s break time between each stage. TRIS seems shocked by the concept of time off, and free t whatever you want.
8) 2) dialog: This will happen, each and every day! Understood!! 15. The initiates all nod.
8) 3) dialog: You can only leave the compound with a Dauntless, and beyond those doors FOUR gestures to the sturdy wooden door behind him.
8) 5) dialog: Is where you will be sleeping for the initiation. There are 10 beds, and only 9 of you. Evidently we were expecting more to make it. looks confused.
8) 7) dialog: (casually) There are always at least one transfer who doesn’t make it. Continuing on, in the first stage of initiation you are kept separate from the Dauntless born, but you will be evaluated and ranked together. They will be better than you, so you must-- A Mousy haired Erudite girl cuts FOUR off.
8) 9) dialog: Your ranking serves two purposes. One, only the top 10 are made members. Two, the rankings will be the order of your job selection. There are very few DESIRABLE positions; rank 5 or below, and you'll end up guarding the fence, with little chance of advancement. There are 11 Dauntless born, and 9 of you. 4 will be cut at the end of the first stage, the rest at the end of the final test. Those who are cut must leave immediately, and be factionless. 16. There is a murmur among the initiates at the word factionless. A broad shouldered Candor girl, Molly, interrupts.
8) 11) dialog: (dangerously) If you had known, If you had known what? You wouldn’t have chosen us? If that’s the case, then GET OUT NoW! If you really are us, it doesn’t matter, you’re brave.
8) 13) dialog: Enjoy. Remember, you chose us, now we have to choose you.
10) 0) text: FOUR stands at the front of the room containing shooting targets, punching bags, sparring areas, and different varieties of fighting instruments and practice areas. Ano DAUNTLESS with long, dark, and greasy hair, cold eyes, an face pierced in too many different places stands beside F the tension between them is very thick, both standing ten The initiates arrive and stand in a very straight line in front of the two, some of them nervous, and others excite 17.
10) 1) dialog: This is Eric, he is a Dauntless leader. FOUR gestures towards ERIC, who just stands there with no reaction.
10) 2) dialog: You will learn how to fight, to prepare yourself to respond to challenges. For Dauntless, it is unthinkable to refuse to meet the challenge. That is life as a Dauntless, meeting the challenges ahead., head on. Technique today, tomorrow you’1ll fight. Learn fast, and you won’t get hurt. The initiates each practice on a black faded punching bag spaced 3 feet apart from each other. TRIS tries out punch
11) 0) text: FOUR demonstrates punch #1.
11) 1) dialog: Punch like you mean it, imagine your worst enemy, and punch like you mean it.
12) 0) text: TRIS practices punch #2, FOUR watches her from a distance ERIC in the b.g. leaves the training room.
12) 2) dialog: For those who don’t have much muscle, use your knees and elbows. TRIS practices punch #3, her skin now reddening, and cracking. FOUR demonstrates punch #3, the punching bag thrown aroun like a toy. TRIS practices kick #1, the punching bag barely moves. 18. FOUR demonstrates kick #1 with an explosive kick, sending punching bag up, and hits the roof.
12) 3) dialog: Keep the tension in your abdomen as you kick.
13) 0) text: TRIS tries kick #1 again, the punching bag still barely moves. FOUR comes over, and eyes her methodically, and calculatingly. FOUR moves behind TRIS and suddenly puts a hand to her stomach, and pauses. TRIS tenses.
13) 1) dialog: (quietly) Remember, keep the tension here, always. (2 Beats) Never forget that. FOUR retracts his hand, and turns to walk away, TRIS stil stands unmoving, forgetting to breathe.
13) 2) dialog: (beat) Use your elbows, and your knees.
17) 0) text: ERIC and FOUR stand at the front of the training room, th initiates gather in front of them.
17) 1) dialog: Over the next few days, you will learn to fight each other. There’s an odd number of you, one of you won't fight each day. 23. The initiates all look at the list, TRIS’ name is by it The rest are paired: AL and WILL, MOLLY and CHRISTINA, PE and EDWARD, DREW and MYRA.
17) 8) dialog: According to Dauntless rules, one could also concede, she did concede. ERIC’s eyes narrow, as does FOUR’s.
17) 10) dialog: A brave man acknowledges the strength of his enemies.
19) 16) dialog: Up first, Tris, and Molly. MOLLY walks confidently to the arena. TRIS takes a deap breathe, and walks shakily to the area. FOUR grabs her ar
19) 17) dialog: (quietly) Attack first. (beat) You're fast. FOUR lets go of TRIS’ arm, and TRIS continues shakily t arena.
19) 18) dialog: (quietly) You could win, if only you could learn to get them before they get you. MOLLY smirks at TRIS.
19) 20) dialog: For those who don’t have much muscle, use your elbows, and knees. MOLLY punches TRIS, TRIS blocks with her forearms. MOLLY groans frustratingly, and sloppily kicks at TRIS’ side. dodges, and MOLLY loses balance. TRIS rushes forward, and drives her elbow into MOLLY’s face. MOLLY punches TRIS ribs, and TRIS stumbles. MOLLY stands with her hands high stomach, and ribs exposed. TRIS stands with her hands hig stomach, and ribs exposed. TRIS and MOLLY eye each other, TRIS rams her elbow into TRIS’ stomach. MOLLY falls to ground, and TRIS kneads her knee into MOLLY’s side. 29. TRIS continues to beat MOLLY. MOLLY moves to protect her side, and curls up.
21) 0) text: FOUR wraps his arms around TRIS, and TRIS punches MOLLY again. MOLLY gurgles. TRIS struggles against FOUR’s arm
21) 1) dialog: Stop it. You’ve won. 30. TRIS relaxes, but glares at FOUR. FOUR looks alarmed.
21) 2) dialog: I think you should leave. Take a walk.
22) 12) dialog: Four, It’s nice to meet you. TRIS’ MOTHER Four, is that a nickname?
22) 13) dialog: Yeas. Your daughter is doing well here. I’ve been overseeing her. TRIS’ MOTHER That’s good to hear. I know a few things about Dauntless initiation, and I was worried about her.
22) 14) dialog: You shouldn’t worry. 33. TRIS’ MOTHER That’s excellent, You look familiar for some reason Four.
22) 15) dialog: I can’t imagine why. (Coldly) I don’t make a habit of associating with the Abnegation. TRIS’ MOTHER If you say so, but don’t we all know the truth. (Beat) Few people do associate us these days, I don’t take it personally.
22) 16) dialog: (Relaxing) Well, I’1ll leave you to your reunion. FOUR walks off, and WILL arrives. WILL’s SISTER, CARA, TRIS and her MOTHER a withering look.
23) 8) dialog: The ranks are here, before you see them, there are some things that need to be explained. After the first round of fights, we ranked you according to your skill level. The points you got are determined by how you did relative to your opponent. You got more points for improving, and for beating someone stronger. If you have a high rank you lose points for losing to a lower ranked opponent. MOLLY coughs in the background.
23) 9) dialog: Those who prey on the weak are not rewarded. THAT IS COWARDICE. FOUR glances at Peter.
23) 10) dialog: Your rankings are separated by Dauntless-born and Tranfers, cuts are announced tomorrow. TRIS, AL, CHRISTINA, and WILL rush up to see the rankings THey read: 1. Edward 2. Peter 3. Will 4. Christina 5. Mol 6. Tris 7. Drew 8. Al 9. Myra. The entire group looks confused.
23) 12) dialog: (smug) Yeah? And? Your point being? 39.
23) 14) dialog: If you intend on a high rank you shouldn’t make it a habit to lose to lower ranked opponents. MOLLY glares at TRIS, and then turns on her heel and ente the dormitories, PETER and DREW follow. WILL and CHRISTIN slap hands, and WILL hugs TRIS.