4) 2) dialog: Welcome to the Choosing Ceremony. Today we honour the philosophy of our ancestors, which dictates we each have our right to choose his own way. It was centuries ago that our ancestors realized that war was not born of ideology, or beliefs, but the facets of mankindвЂ™s personality, of mankindвЂ™s nature. Factions were born of the belief, separated by the qualities they believed responsible for the worldвЂ™s disarray. MARCUS waves to the bowl of earth.
4) 3) dialog: Those who blamed aggression formed Amity. The brightly clothes group smiles as MARCUS waves to the of water. MARCUS (CONTвЂ™D) Those who blamed ignorance became Erudite. The group shifts as MARCUS waves to the bowl of glass.
4) 4) dialog: Those who blamed duplicity created Candor. The black and white dressed group looks to one another a MARCUS waves to the bowl of grey stones.
4) 5) dialog: Those who blamed selfishness made Abnegation. TRIS moves and shifts in nervousness as her faction is mentioned. CALEB grabs her arms to steady TRIS, and reass her. MARCUS waves to the bowl of lit coals.
4) 6) dialog: Those who blamed cowardice were the Dauntless. A group of tattooed and pierced people smiles. MARCUS (CONTвЂ™D) These five factions have lived in peace for many years coexisted in harmony. Abnegation provided the selfless leaders in government. Candor provided the trustworthy leaders in law. Erudite provided teachers, and researchers. Amity has given us counselors and caretakers, and Dauntless supplies us with protection from the outside... MARCUS deliberately speaks the next words with emphasis.
4) 7) dialog: And from the Enemy Within. But the factions provided us also with family, purpose, meaning, and life. Apart from them, we would not survive, for Faction before Blood. Therefore may this day bring new initiates, for a happier, brighter, better future. The room erupts into applause. MARCUS proceeds to read na as the initiates proceed one by one to the bowls choosing their faction.
4) 8) dialog: Caleb Prior. CALEB squeezes TRISвЂ™ hand, and hugs her one last time. brings his mouth very close to TRISвЂ™ ear. 10.
4) 10) dialog: (Shouting) Quiet! Quiet Please!. MARCUS looks down to the list. MARCUS (CONTвЂ™D) Beatrice Prior. TRIS walks very slowly, and hesitantly over to the bowls. room dead silent, with indecision showing in TRISвЂ™ eyes Abnegation tense up even more. TRIS takes the knife, and draws blood from her hand, shivering a little at the pain EXTREME CLOSE UP - TRISвЂ™ HAND The blood wells up on TrisвЂ™ hand, as her hand hesitates between two bowls. The blood drips onto the floor. TRISвЂ moves jerkily to one bowl, and one drop of blood drips.