1) 1) dialog: DonвЂ™t worry, dear. It doesnвЂ™t hurt. My nameвЂ™s Tori, now have a seat and get comfortable. 3. TRIS sits in the chair gracelessly, and TORI attaches wir to TRISвЂ™ head.
1) 3) dialog: IвЂ™ve never met a curious Abnegation before, most certainly strange for your faction. I thought questioning was considered vain, and unnecessary. Tris opens her mouth, and closes it again, like a fish. T looks at TRIS and just laughs, gently, not scornfully, bu amused.
1) 5) dialog: ThatвЂ™s quite all right. The hawk on my tattoo in some parts of the ancient world, symbolized the sun. Back when I got this, I figured if I always had the sun on me, I wouldn't be afraid not even in the darkest of times. TORI passes TRIS a clear vial of liquid.
1) 6) dialog: Now Drink.
1) 8) dialog: CanвЂ™t tell you, just trust me. TRIS tilts her head back, and drinks. EXTREME CLOSE UP - TRISвЂ™ EYES TRISвЂ™ eyes snap close. INT. CANTEEN вЂ” NOON TRIS stands in the empty canteen, it is now snowing outsi There are two tables in front of her, one holds a hunk of cheese. The other a knife over one feet long. WOMANвЂ™S VOICE (0.S.) Choose. TRIS tenses up.
3) 0) text: EXTREME CLOSE UP - TRISвЂ™ EYES TRISвЂ™ eyes snap open. TORI is standing beside her, with strange look.
3) 1) dialog: (slowly) That... was well... perplexing. TORI stand slowly and leaves the room. TRIS ponders at TO mysterious words. The minutes drag on, and TRIS becomes worried. TORI comes back in.
3) 2) text: Sorry to worry you. TORIвЂ™s expression changes, and her posture tenses up.
3) 3) dialog: (Cautiously) Beatrice, your results were inconclusive. Typically, the factions would be eliminated stage by stage. You only eliminated 2 out of 5.
3) 5) dialog: Choosing the cheese would've confirmed your aptitude for peace, and therefore Amity. Choosing the knife would've confirmed otherwise. You lied to the man on the bus, and your dishonestly ruled out Candor, only they tell the truth on that one. But that leaves us a problem, people who tell truth, are Candor, and Abnegation. TRIS looks confused.
3) 6) dialog: But, you threw yourself at the dog in selflessness for the girl. That confirms Abnegation, but on the bus when the man said that you could save him you didnвЂ™t tell the truth. Which rules out Abnegation.
3) 8) dialog: Yes, and No. My conclusion is that you display aptitude for Abnegation, Dauntless, and Erudite. They are called.... TORI tenses up, and leans very closely to TRIS
3) 9) text: (Very Very Softly) Divergent. TORI rights herself back up.
3) 10) dialog: Under no circumstance are you to share that information with anyone. Absolutely no one, never in your life, forever. You understand? TRIS looks confused for a moment, but nods.
3) 11) dialog: I suggest you go home, and do some thinking. TORI tenses up, and grabs TRISвЂ™ wrists as TRIS turns to leave.
3) 12) dialog: (Desperately) Choose wisely, Tris. Wisely. Choose where you think you belong, sometimes YOU have to come FIRST, no one else, YOU. Choose for YOURSELF, and above all, DONвЂ™T TELL ANYONE. TORI lets go slowly, as TRISвЂ™ hesitantly turns, and lea INT. THE HUBвЂ™S LOBBY - DAY TRIS, CALEB, and SUSAN stand together in a group of Abnegation members. They dress identically in gray shirts and gray slacks. The group enters the elevator taking up of the space. The Amity dressed in bright colours, attemp enter the crowded elevator, and the Abnegation led by a M who looks like TRIS and CALEB, their father offers Amity elevator. The Abnegation walking in uniform follows TRISв FATHER up the stairs.
4) 11) dialog: (Desperately, echoing) Sometimes YOU have to come FIRST.... CHOOSE for YOURSELF. Choose wisely.
5) 0) text: A train suspended on tracks 7 stories up roars by, and a stream of DAUNTLESS INITIATES jump out. TRIS jumps out la The Group walks to the opposite side of the roof where a wrinkled, dark-skinned, gray haired Dauntless Leader, MAX waits for them.
6) 0) text: The initiates stand at the bottom of a huge underground p rising several stories high. Caves are carved into the wa for food, clothing, etc. Narrow paths connect them with n barriers. The non-Dauntless initiates stand awed.
16) 1) dialog: Nice to see you again, I thought we'd never meet again. TRISвЂ™ expression suddenly changes as if she remembered importance of what TORI said to her testing day, and the that she seemed to be hiding something. TRIS moves very c to TORI, and puts her mouth to TORIвЂ™s ear.
16) 3) dialog: (whispered) I donвЂ™t think that would be wise. I canвЂ™t help you anymore. TORIвЂ™s posture changes.
16) 4) dialog: (normal ) Want a tattoo? TRIS looks around, and spots a flying dove design. TRIS points to it.
22) 40) dialog: DonвЂ™t tell anyone..... TRIS opens and closes her mouth again.