16) 2) dialog: Babe Brother. Suzie opens the door. BABE BROTHER, Gideon's youngest son about 31, handsome, wearing an expensive suit, comes in, beating the cold off of him and blowing in his hands.
16) 3) dialog: I was hoping you came to the door instead of him. It gets cold at night.
16) 5) dialog: He will be alright. The camera follows Babe Brother. He passes Gideon's room where Gideon is asleep, snoring loudly.
17) 0) text: Suzie and Babe Brother enter the bedroom where Sunny is sleeping. Suzie gives Babe Brother a blanket to wrap Sunn in.
17) 1) dialog: Thanks for taking care of him. I will try not to be so long next time. Babe Brother gives his mother a good-night kiss. Gideon c to the door.
17) 3) dialog: I tried to call to let you know I was going to be late.
17) 7) dialog: (shouts) I pay my own way.
19) 0) text: The bedroom is tastefully furnished with modern art and paintings by Barns. Babe Brother wakes up with Sunny standing in the doorway looking at him. It takes Babe Brother some time to fully up. Finally he sits reluctantly on the side of the bed and Su comes over and sits next to him, trying to get his weary father interested in his remote-control racing car.
19) 1) dialog: I want you to be the richest man in the world so I can be the richest father in the world.
19) 3) dialog: Son, if you are going to have a family, you can't always choose a job just because you like it.  (beat) I don't want you to shine anybody's shoes or be a porter. You let somebody else carry your bags. Sunny quietly gets up and follows his car out of the room
20) 0) text: Babe Brother, having showered but still wearing his pajam drags himself to the kitchen table where his wife LINDA h huge coffee mug with the inscription, "I'm the boss", wai for him. Linda is about thirty years old and materially oriented l her husband. She is wearing a conservatively cut business dress. Sunny stops playing with his car and gets himself an empt cup. Babe Brother is about to pour him some of his coffee when Linda objects.
20) 3) dialog: He wouldn't want any if you didn't try to keep it away from him. Linda leaves the table but stops for a moment and looks d at her husband.
20) 5) dialog: My daddy never gave me anything without my having to sweat for it. Every summer, the way they kept me and Junior out of trouble was to send us to Big Daddy's farm. We would get up with the chickens. Every summer the fence had to be repaired. The barn needed a coat of paint. We had to pip all of Big Mama's hundred laying hens and go to church all day on Sunday. For Big Daddy, calluses and sweat were the mark of a man. Sunny will never have to bust his knuckles like we did.
20) 7) dialog: What is a sip of coffee going to do?
20) 9) dialog: I don't see you crying about my drinking it.
29) 0) text: Suzie, Gideon, Junior, Pat and Rhonda are all seated at t table eating. Babe Brother is standing up. He looks in th pot but doesn't find it to his liking. Junior is irritate his brother.
29) 2) dialog: You all don't believe me when I tell you I'm afraid of heights.
29) 4) dialog: You always got something to say.
29) 6) dialog: I hadn't forgotten. I ordered some cloth but it didn't come in and I felt so bad if I would have come to her birthday without that, I just stayed at home.
29) 8) dialog: We got the same thing. Junior laughs at Babe Brother's story.
30) 0) text: Babe Brother's car, a new Audi, is parked out front. Linda is in the front seat reading a magazine while Sunny asleep in the back seat. Babe Brother sticks his head in window.
30) 1) dialog: Why don't you come in for a while?
32) 1) dialog: Just for a minute. A dirt rock HITS the front windshield. Linda lets out a little scream. Babe Brother looks around. Skip is on top the roof next door.
48) 0) text: Harry and Babe Brother are playing cards while Linda watc and Sunny plays by himself on the floor. In the sink is a newspaper full of bloody feathers. A small flame is under pot on the stove. Harry looks at the chicken in the pot a sits back down.
48) 15) dialog: Did you ever have to use this thing?
48) 17) dialog: Don't pick up the cards if you are not in the game. Did he die?
51) 0) text: Babe Brother is sitting with Sunny by the screen door blo giant bubbles. The bubbles drift past Linda, who is sitti at the table with real estate papers all over the table. is talking on the phone with a client and signals them to stop disturbing her. Babe Brother sends more bubbles floating by, causing her shake the water off her papers while she talks to a first time buyer.
51) 3) dialog: Will you still get the money from your father?
51) 5) dialog: Pops put Big Daddy's farm in Rhonda's and Sunny's name and fixed it so no one can borrow on it.
51) 7) dialog: I preached to Mom and Dad about it but they are stuck in their ways, it's like talking to a brick. But if there is a way... Babe Brother is lost in his thoughts. He stares down at h hands resting on his knees. He picks up the telephone.
52) 0) text: Junior is on the phone with Babe Brother. Pat crosses in front of the camera shaking her head in a negative manner Babe Brother's voice is just audible.
52) 2) dialog: Why are you always afraid to get somewhere?
52) 4) dialog: This is what it is all about, trying to keep from being out on the street.
52) 6) dialog: Maybe I can get down there next week. Junior turns to his wife, who is off-camera.
73) 0) text: Harry, Babe Brother and Linda come in after staying out a night. Linda looks as though she is about to fall asleep standing up. She awakes and looks at Harry. There is disl in her stare. Suzie and Gideon notice Linda fading away.
73) 4) dialog: In a minute. Sunny comes in carrying his night-clothes folded neatly. stands next to Linda. Harry, in a mild but demanding way, ushers Babe Brother out of the door.
75) 1) dialog: What is that?
78) 0) text: The noise has gotten louder, everyone talking at the top his voice. Gideon is busy going around to everyone seeing if everyth is okay. Gideon and Suzie have worked up a sweat trying t attend to everyone's needs. Linda rejoins the party. She moves through the crowd and Babe Brother standing next to Harry. She is disappointed stays at a distance. Harry is with a group of people. Marsh tries to get Harry attention.
79) 0) text: Marsh sits in a chair opposite Harry. Babe Brother stands behind Harry. Harry, knowing that Marsh is going to bring unpleasant things of the past, feels the need to get rid Babe Brother.
80) 0) text: Gideon, Babe Brother, and Linda go outside.
81) 0) text: The sounds of the party drift out from the house as Gideo Linda and Babe Brother talk.
81) 4) dialog: Why, you don't want us to bring him over?
81) 6) dialog: Well, you are his grandfather. He is supposed to spend some time with you. You're supposed to show him those woodsy things and this and that.
81) 8) dialog: Oh here we go with that.
83) 0) text: Gideon, Babe Brother and Linda are just standing, facing another. Suzie comes out on the porch.
83) 6) dialog: Why does he always pick on me?
83) 8) dialog: I don't need that kind of love. And I don't want to be reminded all the time that Big Mama's grandmother was born in slavery. If you really care about me, just tell me how I can make money.
88) 0) text: Babe Brother is asleep. Linda is dressed to go to work. S throws his suit on the foot of the bed.
101) 0) text: The room is crowded with people. Suzie is putting Gideon' shirt on. Harry is leaning against the door. After having his shirt on, Suzie puts his house shoes on and directs B Brother and Junior to hold him up while she tucks his shi in and puts on his suspenders. It takes almost everyone to hoist Gideon. Linda and Pat p the bed and night-stand out of the way as Babe Brother an Junior struggle to lift Gideon. They almost stumble at th door. Harry is left standing in the room alone.
104) 0) text: M.C. is sitting on the bed, reading the job section of th paper. Herman is putting Vicks Vapo-Rub in a bowl of boil water. He covers his head over the bowl with a towel. Okr sitting at the table examining his gun. He points it at t floor, seeing if the sight is straight. Harry is sitting at the table with Babe Brother. Harry is showing him how to cheat at cards.
104) 2) dialog: It is just a regular card.
107) 0) text: Suzie is holding the door open while Gideon is carried in Junior and Babe Brother. Gideon is led to a chair. He sti looks awful.
107) 1) dialog: Doesn't he look a whole of lot better?
107) 7) dialog: Anytime you need someone to do something for you, just let me know. Harry flops down on the couch. Suzie sets a cup of coffee the table for Gideon. Harry looks up from sharpening his knife on a hand sharpening stone. He spits on it.
108) 0) text: Junior looks in but Babe Brother is too busy trying to cl the bathtub to notice anyone. Babe Brother complains to himself.
108) 1) dialog: What in the hell...
112) 0) text: Linda is standing over the stove, sweating as she stirs a pot of boiling soup. Babe Brother and Harry are seated at the table playing ca Sunny is on the floor near his mother. Every time she mov he follows her. Harry notices Sunny has his shoes on the wrong foot and adds in a sarcastic way:
112) 2) dialog: Linda, how come you don't see that Sunny puts his shoes on right?
114) 0) text: Linda is busy serving everyone, running in and out of the kitchen bringing more things, and removing used plates, e Linda's eye is swollen and discolored. The guests look at Linda's eye and then cast a naughty-boy glance at Babe Brother. Linda stops serving to pay attention to an elderly man, w deliberately bends one of her spoons. She catches another putting a fork in his pocket and an elderly lady putting cigarette out in one of her plates. As she is about to confront the man about pocketing her spoon, a peal of LAUGHTER forces her to turn around only witness a lady knocking over a glass filled with a green drink with her elbow. The stain spreads across the table cloth in an even manner like a single wave. She watches i move from one end of the table to the other. Harry is seated in the middle. The composition hints at T Last Supper.
115) 0) text: Linda is reading a book to Sunny, who has his coffee can marbles emptied on the bed. The NOISE from the party in t next room is clearly heard. Every time she hears somethin CRASHING to the floor, she wrenches. Babe Brother comes i and stands in the doorway. Linda's eye is still swollen.
115) 1) dialog: You okay?
123) 0) text: Junior and Pat are helping Linda carry her baggage inside Sunny reluctantly follows. It is obvious that Linda has l Babe Brother.
125) 0) text: Babe Brother is driving along a country road while Harry, sitting in the front seat next to him, yawns. Harry is ti
126) 0) text: Babe Brother and Harry get out of the car. They walk on a path that takes them under low hanging tree limbs. It get darker as they go deeper into the orchard. Babe Brother f the going rough and loses his footing.
126) 2) dialog: I could swear I heard my son call me.
126) 4) dialog: I heard his voice as clear as day. I better get back. Maybe something is wrong. Babe Brother turns and starts hurrying back before Harry object. He walks slowly after Babe Brother who is doublin the distance between himself and Harry as he runs through orchard to his car. Harry stops and looks around.
130) 0) text: Babe Brother drives around the block past Junior's house.
132) 0) text: Babe Brother sits in his car with the windows up. Junior tries to talk to him but Babe Brother will not roll down windows. He just stares at Junior, who is getting angry.
147) 0) text: M.C. and Herman are packing. Okra is all dressed up with pair of Stacy Adams shoes that make his feet look exaggeratedly long. Babe Brother and Harry are sitting at table playing blackjack. Okra picks up one thing at a tim making the packing much harder. There is a stack of old d 78 record; Okra, trying to step over the records, kicks o a box of mothballs that roll across the floor. Okra has t step over boxes of toilet paper.
147) 6) dialog: This would be a bad time for me to leave.
147) 8) dialog: Had Moms and Pops given me my share of what was mine, I could have been rich by now. Linda and I had it all worked out. Harry wins the first hand.
147) 22) dialog: Let me go by the house first.
148) 0) text: It is raining hard. Babe Brother gets out of the car. Run to get out of the rain, he slips and falls; he tries to g up but slips and falls again. He gets up and walks slowly the steps as if he doesn't care whether he gets wet or no
149) 0) text: Suzie helps him to take his wet coat off. She goes into t kitchen, puts his coat in front of the stove. The knife f out. She picks it up and looks at it like she would throw away but Babe Brother takes it.
149) 1) dialog: I need to get my suitcase out of the garage.
149) 3) dialog: I'm going back home with Harry.
149) 5) dialog: Harry is coming to pick me up.
149) 7) dialog: I'm busy.
149) 9) dialog: Can't I be myself without you jumping in with your right and wrong? The world is not black and white. Show me one perfect person. If you can't, don't ask me to be.
152) 0) text: Sunny stands in the doorway watching his father sharpen h knife that he got from Harry. Babe Brother is unaware tha his son is watching him.
154) 0) text: Babe Brother is preoccupied sharpening his knife with a sharpening stone. He is almost in a trance. Junior comes rather angrily. Sunny goes and sits in the shadows in the dining room.
154) 2) dialog: I told her I would if she would give me time.
154) 4) dialog: You always got the best of it around here and when Dad always talks about my son, it is always you, so you fix the roof.
154) 6) dialog: I told you about calling me boy. I ain't no boy. See, you and Dad got a bad habit of calling me boy. You call me boy in front of my wife. You think I'm going to fix the roof? I hope the wind blows the whole damn thing off and it pours down rain.
156) 0) text: Babe Brother starts gathering up his things to leave.
156) 1) dialog: I'm leaving and don't even call me when the shoe falls 'cause all he did for me was to try and run my life. I'm tired of people saying Babe Brother this, Babe Brother that. What's my name?
156) 3) dialog: My name is Sam. Samuel. Babe Brother attempts to get up but Junior pushes him dow
158) 0) text: Babe Brother and Junior are both reaching for the knife. Junior is on top of Babe Brother, who is stretched out on table trying to reach the knife. Junior grabs the knife f and Babe Brother flips over to defend himself. Babe Broth grabs Junior's wrist as Junior tries to push the knife against his throat. Suzie comes in and grabs part of the knife with her hand Junior's wrist with her other hand. Pat and Linda try to the two men apart while pleading with Junior. Blood drips from Suzie's hand to the table, forming a poo under Babe Brother's head.
158) 4) dialog: I'll drive her to the hospital.
159) 0) text: The automatic doors open and Junior, Babe Brother and Suz enter. There is a long line of people waiting at the registration window as well as groups of people filling o forms. Other patients are seated and waiting patiently to the doctor. Suzie finally gets to the registration window. A NURSE, white, 25, with extremely long fingernails that curve bac around, is surprisingly sympathetic.
159) 10) dialog: No, just my mother. Babe Brother fills out the form with Suzie's help and han the form back to the Nurse. They find a seat all together.
160) 0) text: The room slowly fills with people and Babe Brother and Ju offer their seats to those there for medical care.
162) 0) text: More injured people come but in spite of their condition are told that they have to wait. There is only standing r Junior and Babe Brother are standing next to the wall. On the other side of the room, Suzie is looking quietly a them as if she is in deep thought. Junior walks over to the reception desk.
168) 0) text: Babe Brother and Junior help Suzie out of the car. She ha her left hand bandaged. They are extremely exhausted. The walk up the porch to find Harry holding the door open.
171) 0) text: Harry sadly gets up. He looks at Babe Brother. Linda step front of Babe Brother.
172) 0) text: Pat, Linda, Junior, Rhonda, Babe Brother, Sunny and Suzie all standing around waiting for Gideon to wake up.
173) 0) text: Harry is trying to raise himself from the floor. He pause for a moment and then collapses. Harry is in a lot of pai Harry's body contorts and then remains still. Babe Brother, Junior, Pat, and Linda, Suzie run in. Suzie tries to see if he is alive. Babe Brother tries to give h mouth to mouth resuscitation but Linda pulls him away. Ju tries to push down on Harry's chest. Babe Brother stares down at Harry and then goes slowly ba into the living room. Pat is on the phone dialing the paramedics. Everyone stands around Harry.
177) 0) text: Linda is helping Babe Brother wash Suzie's blood out of h hair. She dries his hair with a towel. Sonny hands Babe Brother a clean shirt, Gideon's shirt. He puts it on.
179) 0) text: Babe Brother is on the phone with the county morgue. He g into an argument with the people on the other end of the phone.
179) 1) dialog: Mister... Mister... Excuse me for cutting you off but we pay taxes too. We should not have to pay you to take a 24-hour lunch break. Babe Brother hands the phone to Linda.
179) 2) dialog: The coroner said that he was out here, and knocked on the door and no one was here. Junior steps over the body, holding a pot of coffee in hi hand. The Preacher is sitting with Suzie talking in a low voice Pat, Rhonda and Sunny come in with boxes of chicken snack Linda hangs up the phone.
179) 25) dialog: Yes.
179) 27) dialog: They're too big. Gideon stares at Babe Brother and then looks around towar Harry.
182) 0) text: The Preacher is sleep in his chair, SNORING loudly. Babe Brother and Linda are sitting together, talking in almost whisper. Sunny is asleep in his lap. Babe Brother is find it difficult to apologize for his recent behavior.
182) 1) dialog: I have more sense than to give up everything, my family, you and Sunny. It wasn't me, I mean the real me inside my body. I'm glad it's over. It's like a veil has been lifted.
182) 3) dialog: It's like I've been swimming in muddy waters.
182) 5) dialog: It was like all those things old country people try to tell you what hell is like.
182) 7) dialog: I couldn't believe the things I was doing. It was like an internal struggle going on inside my body.
182) 9) dialog: It was nip and tuck.
182) 11) dialog: I guess it proves you really care about me. You hung in there. Linda looks at Babe Brother for a length of time.
182) 13) dialog: Soon as I rest a bit.  (beat) I meant as soon as we are back to normal again, anytime.
184) 0) text: The Preacher is SNORING violently. Babe Brother is asleep on the floor. Sunny is asleep sitt on Linda's lap. Linda's feet rest on Babe Brother's chest Junior and Pat are looking at the baby pictures. Pat is holding her hand across her stomach feeling the baby kick Rhonda is asleep in a chair. Suzie and Gideon are sitting at the dining room table. Su is cutting the dead leaves off of a small potted plant.
184) 12) dialog: I'm cold. I need to get out into the sunlight.