0) 0) text: GIDEON, a strongly built elderly black man, is sitting at table. On the table is a large bowl of fruit. A crocheted tablecloth hangs over the side of the table. Gideon is dressed in a white suit and wearing a pair of well-polish wing-tip shoes. His hat almost covers his eyes, which are points of greenish coals. The fruit in the bowl is engulf in flames. The flames look as if they are DRIPPING from the tableclo to the floor. Gideon's shoes start to SMOULDER. His shoes BURST INTO FLAMES which spread up his pants leg. His head falls forward as if he had suddenly fallen to sleep. He twiddles his thumbs very slowly in a circle. He crosses h legs as if to get comfortable. The camera moves to a CLOSE UP of his burning shoes. The image of his feet begins to appear through his shoes; the flames fade; the background changes as we
1) 0) text: Gideon's bare feet are resting on reddish dry earth. Gide is sitting in his backyard under a fruit tree with a Bibl resting in his hands. His house is a small, neatly painted bungalow in South Central Los Angeles. Corn, tomatoes, other vegetables gro the yard. Chickens scratch around. He slowly awakens; his hands are trembling. He looks arou and sees the chickens. He looks up at the sky and sighs, some relief. SUNNY, Gideon's grandson, five years old, has been watchi him from the back window of the house. He leaves the wind
3) 0) text: The room is nearly filled with pregnant women and their husbands. SUZIE, Gideon's wife, late 60's or early 70's, picture of health, is giving a last bit of instruction be the class ends. Some of the people are already preparing leave.
4) 0) text: Gideon looks over at the chickens, scratching around in t garden. He calls to them, but they don't respond. He puts shoes on and walks towards the back door of the house. Entering the house, he stops and waits inside the door peeping out. In a sort of devilish manner he talks to himself.
4) 1) dialog: Spoiling the little foxes that spoil my vines.
5) 0) text: Shot of the backyard. Nothing. Suddenly, with the grace a suspicion of alley cats, kids jump over Gideon's back fen look around timidly, and start climbing up his fruit tree Gideon walks down the steps slowly while humming in a dee voice. He turns the water on and walks over to the tree, trapping the kids. Dangling legs, hanging from the tree, to scurry up the tree to safety. Gideon sprays the tree w water. Wet kids fall out of the tree and in one motion le the fence. Gideon cuts the water off and slaps the dirt o his hands. He is quite pleased with himself.
6) 0) text: One of the wet kids is watching Gideon as he goes back in the house. The boy signals the others who slowly follow i single file. They jump the fence and climb back up the tr They let their half-eaten fruit fall to the ground.
7) 1) dialog: My mind plays tricks on me. Is it okay if I take a bath now?
7) 3) dialog: I was looking through my trunk and I can't find my toby.
7) 5) dialog: It is a charm that my great grandmother made me. Everyone notices the worried look on Gideon's face.
7) 9) dialog: Babe Brother and his wife are taking advantage of a situation. I hate to be mean to people but picking Sunny up when they feel like it has to come to an end. Now I'm going to ask him how come he couldn't be at your birthday.
7) 11) dialog: I don't know how two brothers can be so different.
8) 1) text: As the birds circle Skip's house, they do backward rolls death grips. Skip throws more rocks to keep them flying. rocks land on Gideon's roof. The SOUND of a person trying to learn how to play a TRUMP breaks the pleasant SOUNDS of the pigeons popping their w and flying in circles over the house.
14) 0) text: Gideon is shaving with a straight razor and humming to himself, obviously in a good mood. Suzie sticks her head
15) 0) text: Gideon comes in, still adjusting his bathrobe.
15) 1) dialog: What can I do for you, Officer? Suzie returns to the kitchen to clean the egg on the floo Officer Scott keeps her in view.
15) 3) dialog: I always had chickens, ducks and whatnots.
15) 5) dialog: We grow most of our own food. The money I get from social security, my pension and my wife's work, keeps us living on the edge. What choice do people like us have.
15) 7) dialog: Now how far would further out be?
15) 10) dialog: Like what may I ask?
15) 13) dialog: I'll be damned if I get rid of my chickens. I ought to get some hogs and put them out there.
17) 2) dialog: What time is it? Do you think you can just treat us like your slave? It's after one.
17) 4) dialog: That's a lie.
17) 6) dialog: Look! Don't try to get ahead by riding our backs.
17) 8) dialog: Since when? He reaches for Babe Brother but Suzie comes between them.
18) 0) text: Gideon is lying in bed. Suzie gets in beside him.
18) 1) dialog: Your feet are cold.
18) 3) dialog: I asked you to wake me when Babe Brother comes.
18) 5) dialog: I'm not going to let him get away with murder.
18) 7) dialog: He ain't nothing like me. How come a man has to have sons that are day and night apart? You ought to stop protecting him.
18) 9) dialog: You're always taking his side.
18) 11) dialog: I'm trying to make him a man but you keep babying him.
21) 3) dialog: Instead of standing here doing nothing, I better give those chickens some scratch before they start cackling.
22) 0) text: OLD JOHN is pushing his cart up the alley. Old John's fac washed so clean that it shines. His pants are dirty and h cart is full of odds and ends of no value. He looks to be about seventy and fit. Old John throws a sack on Gideon's fence.
24) 4) dialog: Well, well, look who is taking up all the sunshine. Brother John, how are you doing?
24) 6) dialog: Tell me something. How do you get energy to stay on the move all day?
25) 1) text: off in the distance, a man is cutting his lawn. Gideon an Suzie are working in their garden. Other couples working their gardens. Two young men are working on their car, wh is creating a lot of smoke. A group of girls are sitting porch trying to sing while one of the smaller ones is try to learn a step. Skip is on the roof with his radio listening to rap music while his birds circle over head. From time to time he th a rock at them.
27) 0) text: A sack appears on Gideon's fence. The sound of Old John's cart is heard rattling off.
28) 0) text: Suzie, Gideon, JUNIOR (Gideon's elder son, 35 years old a dark skinned), PAT (Junior's wife, who is expecting, abou 32) and Rhonda are all seated next to one another in the row. The PREACHER is knee-deep in water. He is baptizing group of young people. The members of the church are sing "Take Me To The Water". An Elderly Man who can hardly wal without help is being led down to the pool.
29) 0) text: Suzie, Gideon, Junior, Pat and Rhonda are all seated at t table eating. Babe Brother is standing up. He looks in th pot but doesn't find it to his liking. Junior is irritate his brother.
29) 5) dialog: Your mother asked me not to mention it but your mother's birthday was last week.
29) 7) dialog: What did your wife get her?
29) 9) dialog: Boy, go tell your wife to come in.
31) 0) text: Suzie, Gideon, Junior, Pat and Rhonda are still at the ta eating.
31) 2) dialog: Babe Brother is a poor boy.
33) 0) text: Gideon is looking at the price of laying mash. He digs hi hand into a barrel of scratch. Sunny also digs his hand i the barrel. Suzie is looking at new young plants. She gives the vegetables a thorough going-over. Gideon is standing in line waiting to place his order.
33) 1) dialog: I need about five pounds of laying mash and you better give me about the same of scratch. While at the counter, Gideon turns and looks around at th prices of different items. Suzie brings her plants and pu them on the counter.
33) 2) dialog: When are you going to have a sale on weed killer?
33) 4) dialog: What kind of a sale is a two-day sale? I thought sales last a week or two.
34) 0) text: Sunny looks at the Little Girl in the next car; she has h mouth pressed against the window. She is missing a tooth. Gideon is behind the wheel while Suzie holds her new plan up to the sun, carefully looking at them. Sunny, seated in the back, pokes a hole in the sack of fe The mash trickles to the floor as if from an hour glass.
35) 0) text: Suzie is sitting in front of a table full of jars. Each j has a shoot and is half-filled with water. Gideon is on h knees trying to fix the hinge to a cabinet. Sunny is sitt almost under him listening to him tell stories. Sunny has coffee can full of marbles.
35) 1) dialog: All of the preachers were down in the basement of the church confessing their sins to one another. They were way down in the basement 'cause they figured no one would hear them. One of the preachers said, it makes me feel too shame to tell how bad I have been. You know them young gals that sit up in the first row. I can look at them and forget my text. I'm just lost when it comes to women, even them middle age sisters. Then another preacher said, I don't think I can tell you what my sin is 'cause it's bad. Another preacher said, Brother, we all amongst friends. Tell us what's troubling your soul. Clear your conscience. Gideon takes a sip of water.
35) 2) dialog: So the preacher said, we all got a bond 'cause we confessed to one another. So let me tell you, my sin is corn liquor. I just acts a fool behind that spirit water. I loves it more than preaching. Now ain't that a sin, lord. So all the preachers went on confessing, each one worst than the last. Finally they came to the last preacher who had been very quiet and listening to every word that fell. One of the preachers said to him, it's your turn. Confessing will lift you burden, Brother. Bare us your soul. We did. The last preacher said, no, my sin is the worst among all of you. One of the preachers said, ah go on man and stop all this suspense. So the last preacher said, like I told you my sin is the lowest.  (beat) My sin is gossiping and I can't wait to get out and tell what I heard. Sunny does not get the humor of the story. He is more interested in picking up his marbles that Gideon's foot kicked over.
35) 5) dialog: I'll you a story about the terrapin and the rabbit. No, you tell me a story. Come on.
35) 8) dialog: I looked everywhere for my toby.
37) 0) text: A shadow of a man appears on Gideon's porch. The camera t up to HARRY MENTION, a very dark-looking, ageless old man carrying several boxes held together by a cord. He looks exhausted from his journey. He looks in his address book satisfied that he reached the right house, he rings the doorbell.
38) 2) dialog: Harry, good God Almighty, man! It's been, what, thirty years or more. Suzie, we haven't seen Harry since we left home. Harry is more interested in the boy, but Sunny doesn't wa to come near Harry. It is Gideon's arm that is keeping hi within close range of Harry.
38) 3) dialog: This is my grandson, Sunny. He is my youngest son's child.
38) 6) dialog: He knows better. Sunny, apologize to Harry.
38) 8) dialog: What are you doing in these parts?
38) 10) dialog: Why didn't you catch a plane?
38) 12) dialog: Stay until you feel better? I would like to hear all the news.
38) 16) dialog: Man, put your boxes down and stay as long as you like. We have empty rooms since the boys got their own families and moved out.
40) 0) text: Suzie is peeling potatoes and Gideon is ironing.
40) 5) dialog: Man, act like this is your home.
40) 9) dialog: You had to tread softly. The doorbell rings and Gideon goes to answer it.
40) 14) dialog: Harry, I would like for you to meet my oldest son, his wife and daughter.
40) 17) dialog: It's the boy next door throwing at his birds. I'm just waiting on him to hit a pane in the window
42) 0) text: A few of the houses have lights on. Suddenly, Gideon's rooster starts to CROW. A dog starts to bark and a garbag can is knocked over. Bedroom lights in almost all the hou in the neighborhood pop on. The voices of neighbors complaining are heard.
43) 0) text: Harry is just waking up. He listens to the voices of Suzi and Gideon as they get ready for church.
44) 0) text: Gideon is paging through the Bible as he stands by the do waiting for Suzie who is watering her plants. Harry comes
44) 2) dialog: You ought to come hear our preacher. Remember old Cat Iron? Well, our preacher is just as strong.
44) 4) dialog: I was going to get up and get a hen out there for dinner, but time got away.
44) 6) dialog: Well, I would appreciate that.
45) 0) text: Gideon and Suzie are stepping off the porch. Harry is standing behind the screen door. Gideon and Suzie get in Junior's car. Junior, Pat and Rho wave to Harry as the car pulls away.
46) 1) text: Harry looks through Gideon's and Suzie's private things. looks at the baby pictures that fill the mirror. He reads Suzie's letters that are dated years ago. In one of the letters, he finds a picture of a man standing behind a plough. "Uncle Joe after Ella's death" is written on the back. A picture of a mule holds his interest. He looks at for a long time and carries it with him as he continues h search.
50) 0) text: Gideon is repairing the pipes under the face bowl. Harry leaning against the door.
50) 2) dialog: It was slow. Now it seems like everyone is having births at home. Gideon takes the pipe off. It has rotted. Gideon cannot believe it.
50) 3) dialog: What could have caused this? I just changed this damn thing.
50) 5) dialog: You and Babe Brother hit it off so well.
50) 7) dialog: I tried to teach him right from wrong just like I did his Junior.
50) 9) dialog: You're suppose to teach your children what you know. Junior, I don't have to worry about. Babe Brother is a different story.
50) 11) dialog: My daddy called me boy up to the time he died. I was always boy to him.
53) 0) text: Harry and Gideon are walking along a railroad track. The is blinding. The heat makes the asphalt Appear to turn in lake off in the distance. Gideon appears exhausted; beads sweat continually form on his forehead. He fans himself w his hat. Harry is unaffected by the hot temperature.
55) 0) text: Gideon is standing with his hat in his hand. His posture that of an extremely old man.
55) 1) dialog: In weather like this, you cannot walk around bare-headed. He wipes the sweat from his hat band.
58) 0) text: Gideon in the background in the kitchen washing off the vegetables. Suzie and HATTIE are sitting at the table. Ha comes in and is surprised to see Hat tie. Hattie is in he late sixties but looks well. She makes a conscious effort dress plainly.
58) 4) dialog: Haven't the years been good to Hattie?
60) 0) text: M.C. gives Gideon a bear hug, lifting him off his feet. O seeing Suzie, he drops Gideon and rushes over to lift her off her feet.
62) 2) dialog: Good God Almighty, if it ain't like a parade of people from out of the past. M.C., where did you come from?
63) 0) text: Suzie, Gideon and Hattie are seated at the table while M. bounces from one end of the table to the other. One momen is on his knees and next moment he is leaning over someon flick his ashes in the ashtray on the table. Hattie hates when he comes near her. Harry and Herman sit together in the corner chewing on starch.
63) 33) dialog: Well, it's up to Suzie.
70) 0) text: Gideon and Sunny are in the garden digging for worms. The chickens
70) 1) dialog: I think we have enough. So now tell me a story.
71) 0) text: Gideon is sitting on a rock by the lake. His image is reflected in the lake. He is asleep. Sunny is putting new bait on one of the reels and with a whip of the pole, he casts to the center of the lake. He leans against a tree. Sunny looks at his sleeping grandfather. Gideon has his p legs rolled up. His socks have lost their elastic. His he is resting on his chest. Sunny goes near the water.
71) 1) dialog: Be careful of the water. Sunny looks back at his grandfather, who appears to be asleep.
72) 1) text: Gideon and Sunny are sitting next to each other. The lake reflects the sky: a deep red. The eerie sound of a long t whistle breaks the silence.
73) 0) text: Harry, Babe Brother and Linda come in after staying out a night. Linda looks as though she is about to fall asleep standing up. She awakes and looks at Harry. There is disl in her stare. Suzie and Gideon notice Linda fading away.
74) 0) text: Suzie and Gideon are getting the food ready while Harry, wearing a shirt that looks like it is made of shiny snakeskin, sits in a darkened corner of the room, cutting fingernails with his knife. The door bell rings and Harry slowly walks over to answer door. Suzie puts the punch bowl down and hurries over to the first guests, FRED JENKINS, an elderly black man whom hasn't seen in years, and Esme Jenkins, his wife.
75) 6) dialog: You tappy heads better not tear down my house.
78) 0) text: The noise has gotten louder, everyone talking at the top his voice. Gideon is busy going around to everyone seeing if everyth is okay. Gideon and Suzie have worked up a sweat trying t attend to everyone's needs. Linda rejoins the party. She moves through the crowd and Babe Brother standing next to Harry. She is disappointed stays at a distance. Harry is with a group of people. Marsh tries to get Harry attention.
80) 0) text: Gideon, Babe Brother, and Linda go outside.
81) 1) dialog: Tell me, how come me and Suzie have to be mother and father to your child? You never take the boy to the park, circus or anything. If we did not take him to church, he wouldn't have any sense of religion.
81) 3) dialog: Is that the way your parents raised you?
81) 5) dialog: No, it's that when do you have time to be parents to him? You guys don't pick him up until nine, ten at night. You are into yourselves, as the saying goes. Spend some time trying to be parents. Take him to the mountains, fishing. You ought to let him get to know nature.
81) 7) dialog: Junior spends time with his child.
83) 0) text: Gideon, Babe Brother and Linda are just standing, facing another. Suzie comes out on the porch.
83) 2) dialog: No, I'm too hot now.
83) 4) dialog: I wouldn't care if I drop dead if he learn something from it.  (beat) Son, you make me wish I was dead.
83) 11) dialog: Let us go back in before the night of celebration becomes a night of me killing my son.
86) 0) text: Gideon is trying to get out of bed. He sits on the side o the bed and starts to COUGH.
89) 0) text: Gideon tries to put his pants on. He is too weak and sits back on the bed with his pants only up as far as his knee
90) 0) text: Suzie gets up to turn off the coffee kettle. When the ket WHISTLE dies away, the sound of Gideon's VOICE is heard calling Suzie for help. The sound of his voice frightens
91) 0) text: Suzie bursts into the room and then moves very slowly to Gideon, who is sitting on the bed out of breath.
91) 1) dialog: I'm worn out.
91) 3) dialog: I have to feed the chickens before they wake everybody up.
91) 5) dialog: I will appreciate that.
95) 0) text: Harry opens the door and slowly walks in. Gideon is aslee Harry picks up Gideon's pants from the back of the chair. Gideon's false teeth fall to the floor.
97) 0) text: The untouched chicken broth sits on the night stand. Gide is TALKING in his sleep. Morning light filters through th window shade. The room takes on a brownish tint. Gideon h dark rings under his eyes and looks like he has aged considerably.
100) 0) text: Suzie raises the window shade and is shocked to see the s that Gideon is in.
101) 0) text: The room is crowded with people. Suzie is putting Gideon' shirt on. Harry is leaning against the door. After having his shirt on, Suzie puts his house shoes on and directs B Brother and Junior to hold him up while she tucks his shi in and puts on his suspenders. It takes almost everyone to hoist Gideon. Linda and Pat p the bed and night-stand out of the way as Babe Brother an Junior struggle to lift Gideon. They almost stumble at th door. Harry is left standing in the room alone.
103) 0) text: Suzie, Junior and Pat are standing around Gideon's bed. H in a room full of old veterans who are apparently nearing end. Two old veterans, one white and the other black, sitting opposite each other wearing medals, sit in silence starin into each other's eyes. A nurse empties an old man's urine bag. The old man doesn show any embarrassment about his predicament. Gideon look how the patients are treated.
103) 1) dialog: I don't want to stay here.  (beat) Where is Babe Brother?
106) 0) text: Gideon is being helped up the steps by his sons.
107) 0) text: Suzie is holding the door open while Gideon is carried in Junior and Babe Brother. Gideon is led to a chair. He sti looks awful.
107) 3) dialog: Next time, I don't care how sick I'll be, don't take me back to the Veteran's Hospital. Harry comes out of the bathroom, having just taken a bath Harry seems delighted to see Gideon again.
107) 5) dialog: I tell you, I feel like a ghost. Harry signals Babe Brother to come over to him.
109) 0) text: Gideon and Suzie are in silhouette against the window. The SOUND of the boy trying to play his horn next door startles Gideon. Gideon turns to look out of the window towards Mrs. Baker's house.
109) 1) dialog: It's good to be able to hear that.
109) 3) dialog: How is the garden doing?
109) 5) dialog: How is that hen doing? I was meaning to pip her before I fell sick. He takes a deep breath and blows it out.
109) 6) dialog: I'm going to lie down. Take my, hand and help me up, lest I fall.
110) 0) text: Suzie helps Gideon to undress. Gideon loses hit balance b catches himself on the side of the bed.
110) 1) dialog: Oh, I couldn't have last another day in that hospital. You get weary being in the old soldiers home, old soldiers and war stories. They wait to tell you their last story; the next morning the nurse pulls a sheet over their face.
116) 0) text: Five weighty Women, dressed in church robes, and the Prea walk up Gideon's steps. Suzie invites the church members in.
117) 0) text: Gideon is asleep. The church members gather around his be The Preacher puts his hand on the foot of the bed and discovers that there is something strange under the cover Suzie looks at him and lifts the covers at the foot of th bed. Gideon's feet are resting on dead leaves.
118) 0) text: A lady steps upon the stage which has different backdrops She is the same lady in a photo that Gideon has hanging i one of the kid's rooms. The photographer, who is off-scre asks about the background.
119) 0) text: The boy on the gray mule doesn't have a shirt on. A light mist like rain covers him. Gideon walks along the picket fence towards the boy on the mule. Ahead of Gideon seems to be a puddle but as he approaches discovers that it is an abyss. The boy and the mule on th other side fade away. Everything FADES TO BLACK.
120) 0) text: The Preacher turns a page in the Bible. Gideon has his mo open like a fish trying to get air. The Choir continues t SING. The Preacher gets down on his knees and holds Gideo hand; he bows his head. The Choir stops singing. The Bess Smith recording of "Muddy Water" is coming from somewhere the house. The Preacher looks around. Suzie is more puzzl She goes to find where the music is coming from.
122) 0) text: The Preacher and the choir all have their hands on Gideon Suzie enters the room.
142) 0) text: Harry sees that it is safe to leave. He sees Sunny sweepi in Gideon's room. Gideon is sound asleep. Sunny is sweepi around the bed.
163) 0) text: Gideon is slowly getting up. He looks around. He calls fo Suzie. He slowly gets to his feet.
163) 1) dialog: Suzie, I'm hungry.
164) 1) dialog: Suzie.
165) 0) text: Gideon opens the refrigerator and starts taking out bowls food and placing them on the table. He puts on a pot of coffee.
165) 1) dialog: Suzie.
166) 0) text: Gideon is busy eating almost everything in sight. A group mystified and sleepy faces appear at the door. Pat, Linda Rhonda and Sunny are all looking rather dumbfounded.
167) 0) text: Everything is wet from the night's rain. The garden looks more like a graveyard. Moisture drips from the sunflowers Gideon's nervous looking rooster jumps the fence and star to CROW. Skip is out early throwing rocks at his birds. The rocks on Gideon's roof.
170) 0) text: Gideon is SNORING loudly. On the night-stand is a plate w food left on it. Suzie feels his forehead.
172) 0) text: Pat, Linda, Junior, Rhonda, Babe Brother, Sunny and Suzie all standing around waiting for Gideon to wake up.
177) 0) text: Linda is helping Babe Brother wash Suzie's blood out of h hair. She dries his hair with a towel. Sonny hands Babe Brother a clean shirt, Gideon's shirt. He puts it on.
178) 0) text: Gideon is sitting on the edge of his bed looking through scraps of leftovers on his plate. He puts his pants on. A moves about, his joints SNAP and POP. He picks up the emp plate.
179) 6) dialog: What, are you having another party?
179) 8) dialog: Gal, you're talking to John Henry. When was I sick?
179) 12) dialog: Not our Harry?
179) 14) dialog: What happened to him?
179) 17) dialog: How long has he been dead?
179) 19) dialog: What happened to your hand?
179) 21) dialog: What did you put on it?
179) 23) dialog: I hope you will take care of your mother better than that when I'm gone. Junior and Babe Brother both have their heads down. Linda Sunny move closer to Babe Brother.
179) 24) dialog: Babe Brother, is that my shirt that you're wearing?
179) 26) dialog: How come you're not wearing my shoes?
179) 28) dialog: When is the undertaker coming?
181) 0) text: A crowd of people are standing around looking at Gideon's house.
182) 12) dialog: When are you boys going to fix that roof?
182) 14) dialog: Here I am thinking about myself when poor Harry is resting on the floor of the kitchen.
184) 0) text: The Preacher is SNORING violently. Babe Brother is asleep on the floor. Sunny is asleep sitt on Linda's lap. Linda's feet rest on Babe Brother's chest Junior and Pat are looking at the baby pictures. Pat is holding her hand across her stomach feeling the baby kick Rhonda is asleep in a chair. Suzie and Gideon are sitting at the dining room table. Su is cutting the dead leaves off of a small potted plant.
184) 2) dialog: Did I ever tell you the story about the man who wanted to make his own mind up about heaven and hell? He didn't want nobody's opinion but his own. Suzie doesn't pay any attention; she is involved with her potted plant. Gideon looks over at the Preacher, who is s asleep.
184) 3) dialog: He's going to check out heaven first. He gets a round trip ticket to heaven. He gets in heaven and finds it just like back home. People dripping with sweat, working in the fields, hardly surviving. He asked a man who was getting a drink of water, "I thought the streets were paved with gold." "They are but you won't see them," he said. "Boy, you got to work day and night cause idleness is sinfulness." So he takes the other half of his ticket and takes the express to hell. He sees people stretched out on their backs kicking back, picking their teeth. "Man, this is a dream." He asked, "What's you'll doing?" They all hollered back, "Sinning." The devil was shaking hands with everyone and came up to him and said, "Please to meet you." He asked, "I thought you'll was supposed to be burning in fire." Someone said, "Man, ain't no fire down here except under that pot of chitlins." The man was going go ask the preacher back on earth...
184) 5) dialog: I'm almost finished. I'm about to come to the punch line.
184) 7) dialog: But these are white people, anybody. The punch...
184) 9) dialog: It's only a tale. The RATTLING of pots and dishes starts suddenly. Harry's starts to sway gently as if he were about to get up. Everyone is frozen. Babe Brother and Linda remain asleep. rocking caused by the earthquake doesn't wake them. M.C., Herman, Okra and Hattie and Marsh enters the dining room. Harry's feet are seen in the kitchen still swaying.
185) 0) text: Rhonda is sitting next to Sunny on the front porch. She h an angry expression. Sunny is trying to please her by offering her his airplane. He pushes the airplane near her and she pushes it back wi violent shove. He persists in offering her his airplane. A crowd of people is still standing around in front of Gideon's house.