37) 0) text: A shadow of a man appears on Gideon's porch. The camera t up to HARRY MENTION, a very dark-looking, ageless old man carrying several boxes held together by a cord. He looks exhausted from his journey. He looks in his address book satisfied that he reached the right house, he rings the doorbell.
38) 0) text: Suzie comes to the front door; she recognizes Harry right away. She invites him in. Harry stumps his feet on the po several times and then enters.
38) 4) dialog: He kind of favors one of my boys when he was about his age. Sunny, playing with the broom, accidentally touches Harry shoe with it. Harry hides his anger about being touched w the broom. Harry takes the broom from Sunny and spits on bottom of it.
38) 5) dialog: Boy, that is bad luck to touch a fellow with a broom.
38) 9) dialog: I came all the way from Detroit by bus going to Oakland. The bus stopped in Los Angeles. I had to get off and take a rest. I'll catch the last bus leaving at midnight. I'm just too tired to go on.
38) 11) dialog: My feet have never been on anything that wasn't directly attached to the ground.
38) 13) dialog: I'm worn out but won't you feel like you are taking in a stranger?
38) 15) dialog: Well, I don't want to put you out.
38) 17) dialog: Well if you're sure, I won't be a bother. Oh, I don't sleep on no spring mattress. I always make myself a pallet on the floor.
39) 0) text: The bedroom door to Harry's room is cracked open. Peering through the cracked door, we SEE Harry asleep on his pall His back is turned to the camera. It is dead silent. Ther does not seem to be any sign of life. On the floor is a p that has water in it. It looks like it is for a dog.
40) 2) dialog: Good evening. It must be all the different time zones I crossed that makes me feel this weary.
40) 4) dialog: No, if I rest any longer, I won't sleep tonight. May I use your bathroom to wash up a bit?
40) 6) dialog: That's awful generous of you. I always ask to keep from wearing out welcome.
40) 8) dialog: Where we come from, you had to know how to act right. You had to know how to say yes sir and no sir. You had to know your place.
40) 11) dialog: You remember that boy who lost his mind, Joe? You could hear him pitching horseshoes at night in the dark. He wouldn't miss a one. Make him mad and call yourself running in the house to be safe. He would pick up a brick and say "go on in there brick and hit somebody" and it would find its mark.
40) 13) dialog: All those places that us coloreds lived, that we used to call Bottoms, have all been changed to Drives and Heights. Everything is in what you call it, not in what it is. Gideon comes back with Junior, Pal and Rhonda.
40) 18) dialog: I'm going to wash up now. You all please excuse me.
41) 0) text: Harry is wiping off his face with a washcloth. He stares himself in the mirror for a long time. The sudden sound o the boy next door starting to play his trumpet startles h He smiles at the trumpeter's efforts. He wrings the wash cloth out. A reddish oil-like liquid D into the face bowl.
43) 0) text: Harry is just waking up. He listens to the voices of Suzi and Gideon as they get ready for church.
44) 0) text: Gideon is paging through the Bible as he stands by the do waiting for Suzie who is watering her plants. Harry comes
44) 1) dialog: Good morning.
44) 3) dialog: Next time when I feel a little better perhaps.
44) 5) dialog: Oh, I would feel much at home if you let me get one for you. I haven't wrung a chicken's neck in a month of Sundays. You know, folks would call my daddy to kill their hogs. That used to be my trade from time to time.
45) 0) text: Gideon and Suzie are stepping off the porch. Harry is standing behind the screen door. Gideon and Suzie get in Junior's car. Junior, Pat and Rho wave to Harry as the car pulls away.
46) 1) text: Harry looks through Gideon's and Suzie's private things. looks at the baby pictures that fill the mirror. He reads Suzie's letters that are dated years ago. In one of the letters, he finds a picture of a man standing behind a plough. "Uncle Joe after Ella's death" is written on the back. A picture of a mule holds his interest. He looks at for a long time and carries it with him as he continues h search.
47) 0) text: Harry slowly walks along the rows in Suzie's garden. He stands by the chicken cage. Suddenly, the chickens start run about and CACKLE as if a dog had gotten in. Harry turns from the chicken coop. He stands still. Sunny hiding behind a bush. Sunny steps around the bush. Harry looks at Sunny with su concentration that Sunny takes a step backward as if gett ready to defend himself. MRS. BAKER, a black woman in her early thirties, comes ou the back porch. She shakes out a rug. She stops shaking t rug and stares at Harry. Harry becomes aware of Mrs. Baker's stare. He comes to himself and smiles at her.
48) 0) text: Harry and Babe Brother are playing cards while Linda watc and Sunny plays by himself on the floor. In the sink is a newspaper full of bloody feathers. A small flame is under pot on the stove. Harry looks at the chicken in the pot a sits back down.
48) 2) dialog: Oh, I'm more modern in my ways. I don't believe in sin, though there is good and evil.  (beat) And evil is a thing you work at. Harry takes his knife, a crab apple switch, out. It has a rabbit foot attached to it. Harry cleans his fingernail w the knife. Sunny is interested in the rabbit foot. He rea for the knife.
48) 3) dialog: Not you mustn't touch. Your mama might not like you handling knives.
48) 5) dialog: I let this rabbit foot do in place of my toby that I lost years ago.
48) 7) dialog: You don't want to be at crossroads without one. It's a charm that old people teach you how to make. I had one for a long time that belonged to my grandmother who had it ever since she was a child.  (beat) In my travels I misplaced it. I have been looking over my shoulder ever since.
48) 9) dialog: In some things. When we were children, there used to be an old man that came around and would snatch your soul if you didn't have something on you that didn't make a X. Harry is aware that Babe Brother is interested in the kni After cleaning his last fingernail, he hands the knife to Babe Brother. Harry looks at the cards in his hand. He smiles to himsel
48) 10) dialog: Did you have your child at home?
48) 12) dialog: Some folks take that natural stuff too far.
48) 14) dialog: Country people got so many strange ways, Harry looks again at the chicken that he is boiling.
48) 16) dialog: That is called a crab apple switch. It's for those bad acting monkeys and just the thing for a mean dog. Now I don't know if I actually did what I did or got my life and story mixed in with other folk's stories but I seem to recall that I had to use my crab apple on a boy from back home. I was up in Memphis working on the railroad, like your daddy who had an easy job. He would sing a song that had a cadence and we would lay track. Anyway I was coming down Beale Street and I heard this music coming from a saloon. Sure enough it was Emory. My daddy taught both of us to play but Emory was natural at it. Got in a blues band and what not. He and another boy had killed a boy named Hocker sometime back and they balled the Jack leaving town. Emory had lost one eye and had a scar running down his face. Bad luck I would say. He got to drinking that corn liquor. We went to his girl's room and he wouldn't stop drinking. He started talking about the old days and he went mad. He pulled his knife and I got to mine first. The lights went out. Linda picks up a card and looks at it. There is a naked w on the back.
48) 18) dialog: I don't know what happened to him. He just ran out into the streets.  (beat) I got some old records I want you to hear. I like the blues sung simply, man and a guitar. Or sung by a woman who had bad luck all her life. Don't ever let anyone tell you his life's story if it is of a weary life full of sadness. When I was a boy, a man told me a story of how he lost all of his sons and I'll be damned if the same thing didn't happen to me. Sunny is busy playing in the curtains. The SOUND of Gideon and Suzie arriving makes them scurry get the cards put away. Harry puts his knife away just as Suzie and Gideon enter. Linda feels a little embarrassed.
50) 0) text: Gideon is repairing the pipes under the face bowl. Harry leaning against the door.
50) 1) dialog: How often is your wife called to help delivery?
50) 4) dialog: Everything these days is made overseas.
50) 6) dialog: Course, it is your business, but I feel obliged to tell you that maybe you have not been fair with the boy.
50) 8) dialog: Everyone has to follow his own plough. A man doesn't have to know how to cut a wick and clean a chimney nowadays. City people don't give a hoot and a holler about the shape of the moon nowadays. You don't plant old ways... (beat) ... but, at the end, you find yourself doing what your father did but you have to have the land in you. (beat) It's when you want to give the house or farm to the kids and they don't want it. You sell it to a stranger. You worked your whole life, for what? (beat) I doubt if people nowadays have knowledge of a victory garden or seen an inch worm. All what we've experienced has no meaning.
50) 10) dialog: You still call him boy. You call Babe Brother boy in front of his wife and son.
50) 12) dialog: 'Course, you could be right. Your sons are alive. All my sons are dead. Off-screen, Rodney starts to practice on his HORN.
53) 0) text: Harry and Gideon are walking along a railroad track. The is blinding. The heat makes the asphalt Appear to turn in lake off in the distance. Gideon appears exhausted; beads sweat continually form on his forehead. He fans himself w his hat. Harry is unaffected by the hot temperature.
53) 1) dialog: I can sit here and look at train tracks all day. We laid enough of them, didn't we? So many memories are stretched along tracks like these. Gideon looks down the tracks. A bowl of dust stirs off in distance. The hot temperature makes the tracks appear liq
55) 2) dialog: We'll go a little farther. The walk will do us some good.
57) 0) text: Suzie knocks on the door. Harry comes to the door still buttoning his shirt.
57) 2) dialog: I'll be right there.
58) 2) dialog: Girl, do you still sing and dance?
58) 5) dialog: It hasn't been the years; it's been the men in her life.
58) 7) dialog: Why run out and close the barn door when the horse is gone? I remember when you weren't saved. That was way back yonder when the Natchez Trace was just a dirt road.
58) 9) dialog: I know your mother ain't still operating that house of hers.
63) 0) text: Suzie, Gideon and Hattie are seated at the table while M. bounces from one end of the table to the other. One momen is on his knees and next moment he is leaning over someon flick his ashes in the ashtray on the table. Hattie hates when he comes near her. Harry and Herman sit together in the corner chewing on starch.
63) 8) dialog: That is a boy from home, Lulla's brother. Suzie is surprised.
63) 10) dialog: You got to know everything, do everything, and be everything. Gideon brings a fresh pot of coffee. Gideon tries to sign M.C. to stop harassing Hattie. M.C. leans over Hattie aga to use the ashtray. Harry is helping Herman to his feet. Herman starts to cou They come over and join the rest of the crowd at the tabl Harry seats Herman next to Gideon and pours Herman a cup coffee. He puts the sugar and cream in the coffee for Her Suzie comes back with Joe's number and hands it to Hattie
63) 16) dialog: You can certainly tell how old you are, my dear. Hattie is angered.
63) 18) dialog: Now I was trying to be nice, to make conversation, since we go back some.
63) 20) dialog: "Out of weariness, I spoke to my own heart; to leave it all and to die. And I gave my heart to know madness and folly."
63) 25) dialog: My sister, women can get away with so much. I don't have any enemies 'cause I don't live in the past. As Pushkin, you don't know him, said, "In the hope of glory and good, I look without fear ahead."
63) 28) dialog: Speaking of tappy heads, we ought to have an old fashion fish fry.
63) 30) dialog: We can have it here next week.
63) 32) dialog: Oh. I'm sorry. Gideon, what do you say?
63) 36) dialog: I already have, my dear.
67) 0) text: Pat is looking at a book of baby names. Harry passes the and stops.
67) 1) dialog: A woman in family way just reminds of spring and my younger days.
67) 3) dialog: Well, you and your husband are special. Ya, Gideon tells me you do volunteer work to help feed the poor. Pat beams with joy because Harry recognizes the important work she is doing.
67) 4) dialog: How many people do you all feed?
67) 6) dialog: Good God Almighty, bless your bones. (pause) But the problem grows.
67) 8) dialog: Of course not. Have you ever heard of a man jumping in the river to save five hundred drowning people? No you ain't. (pause) You have to take just one and fatten him up. When you spread help too thin, you , you just nickel and dime the situation. If you try to save all, all die but if you save one life, life goes on. You just have to remember, medicine that works leaves a bitter taste. Harry looks at the baby picture pasted over the mirror. H takes the picture of his children from his old black dust wallet and compares the faces of his kids with those on t mirror. He talks to himself more than to Pat.
67) 9) dialog: You just take one; you thaw out the cold and hunger in his bones from sleeping on the bare ground. Pat watches him and loses herself in what he is doing. Sh responds automatically
67) 11) dialog: Oh, I wasn't pointing my finger at you. Hey, you have to think of yourself. A lot of them have all kinds of diseases and will cut your throat while you sleep. There are too many bad people out there.
68) 0) text: Junior is taking the back door off to paint. Harry helps carry the door and lay it on a saw horse.
68) 2) dialog: Well some folks are still waiting for their comeuppance. Don't take me wrong but you can't judge people by how you act. You're a caring person.
68) 4) dialog: Ya, but you can't do the shuffle with one leg. You and your wife, in your spare time, work with the less fortunate. Now I'm not talking about you and what you do but some folks that always run to help the victim, deep down are attracted to pain and suffering and love to be near the dying.
68) 6) dialog: You never know what's in the heart and just because you can cry doesn't make you human.
73) 0) text: Harry, Babe Brother and Linda come in after staying out a night. Linda looks as though she is about to fall asleep standing up. She awakes and looks at Harry. There is disl in her stare. Suzie and Gideon notice Linda fading away.
73) 5) dialog: Take your wife and child home, boy. Babe Brother seems all too happy to obey Harry. After Har closes the door behind Babe Brother, he turns with a wide smile.
73) 6) dialog: I got a surprise for you tonight. Harry flops down on the couch and kicks his shoes off.
73) 7) dialog: This old buffalo has been in the sun too long.
74) 0) text: Suzie and Gideon are getting the food ready while Harry, wearing a shirt that looks like it is made of shiny snakeskin, sits in a darkened corner of the room, cutting fingernails with his knife. The door bell rings and Harry slowly walks over to answer door. Suzie puts the punch bowl down and hurries over to the first guests, FRED JENKINS, an elderly black man whom hasn't seen in years, and Esme Jenkins, his wife.
75) 2) dialog: Boy, that is the real South. That is real corn liquor. A crowd starts to gather around.
76) 2) dialog: You folks excuse me but you know we have a celebrity from out of the past, our own nightingale. If you had any good times in your life, you remember Hattie. She use to keep those juke joints steaming. If Ma Rainey and Bessie Smith were the stars, she was the sun. Let's get Hattie to sing something from the old days. Hattie has started her nervous twitch again. She is so ma that she bites her lip to keep from exploding.
78) 0) text: The noise has gotten louder, everyone talking at the top his voice. Gideon is busy going around to everyone seeing if everyth is okay. Gideon and Suzie have worked up a sweat trying t attend to everyone's needs. Linda rejoins the party. She moves through the crowd and Babe Brother standing next to Harry. She is disappointed stays at a distance. Harry is with a group of people. Marsh tries to get Harry attention.
78) 2) dialog: Man, I can't talk to you now. I'm filling in the gaps with these folks. Harry turns his back on Marsh. Marsh stands there looking Harry's profile. He turns and walks away. The record ends. The Younger Woman and the Older Man wait the next record.
79) 0) text: Marsh sits in a chair opposite Harry. Babe Brother stands behind Harry. Harry, knowing that Marsh is going to bring unpleasant things of the past, feels the need to get rid Babe Brother.
79) 1) dialog: Son, you haven't danced with your wife all night. Babe Brother is reluctant to leave, but Harry gives him a nudge. He goes looking for Linda.
79) 3) dialog: Now who are we talking about?
79) 5) dialog: Wasn't Hocker lynched?
79) 7) dialog: What difference does it make if it's persimmon, oak tree or huckleberry bush?
82) 6) dialog: Strange as it may seem, it might have cleared the waters. Sometimes the right action comes from the wrong reason.
85) 0) text: Marsh and Harry are getting quite loud in their argument. has become a kind of controlled anger.
85) 1) dialog: I think if anybody had a hand in killing Hocker, you ought to ask or you should have asked Emory and Chick.
85) 3) dialog: Those boys never did have good luck.
85) 5) dialog: Emory had made a lot of enemies. He had a big mouth. M.C. and Okra come in wanting to take pictures. Marsh is pretty mad about them intruding. M.C. sets the naked lamp front of Marsh, on the floor, almost between his legs. Before Okra can get his camera set to shoot, Marsh leaves Harry smiles as if he had won a major victory. Herman flo down in the empty chair and starts to COUGH. Suddenly Suzie and Gideon burst into the kitchen holding one of the twins, Loviray. They carry the twin towards Herman's seat. Herman is slow to react. Herman gets up ve slow. Finally, they are able to seat the twin.
85) 6) dialog: What's the problem here?
87) 0) text: Harry has his back to the camera, sitting in a chair faci wall. He is naked from the waist up. An empty plate is pl not too far from where he is sitting. He is cutting an ap He licks the blade of his knife.
92) 1) dialog: How is everybody?
92) 4) dialog: Ah, you young folks don't know how it is. How is Gideon today?
92) 6) dialog: I hope that it's nothing serious.
92) 8) dialog: Let me earn my keep. I'll go out and get a hen and have it picked and ready for the pot. Try to make him some cow tea next time. Junior stares at Harry. Harry returns Junior's stare and Junior finds himself embarrassed. Junior looks down at hi pants leg and attempts to fix the crease in his pants by making a wedge with his fingers and running his fingers a the old crease. As Harry walks towards the back door, he looks back at Junior.
93) 0) text: The pigeons take to the air like an explosion. The chicke start to CACKLE and run about as Harry reaches for one wi his cane. The SOUND of the boy next door practicing with trumpet adds to the bedlam. Suzie is standing on the steps, shouting to Harry. The no of the panicked chickens and the boy playing the trumpet door drown out Suzie's voice. Not getting Harry's attenti she hurries down the steps. Harry has caught a hen that is SCREAMING her head off. He looks around and finds Suzie hurrying towards him.
93) 2) dialog: You just run along. I'll fix him his soup. He will be all right.
95) 0) text: Harry opens the door and slowly walks in. Gideon is aslee Harry picks up Gideon's pants from the back of the chair. Gideon's false teeth fall to the floor.
98) 0) text: Harry is reading the Bible. He runs his finger over the p of the Bible. After reading the passage, he stares at the empty plate on the floor for what seems like a long time. claps the Bible shut, causing a loud NOISE to ECHO throug the house.
101) 0) text: The room is crowded with people. Suzie is putting Gideon' shirt on. Harry is leaning against the door. After having his shirt on, Suzie puts his house shoes on and directs B Brother and Junior to hold him up while she tucks his shi in and puts on his suspenders. It takes almost everyone to hoist Gideon. Linda and Pat p the bed and night-stand out of the way as Babe Brother an Junior struggle to lift Gideon. They almost stumble at th door. Harry is left standing in the room alone.
102) 0) text: Harry, Okra and Herman are trying to catch another chicke Herman is COUGHING badly and Okra is out of breath.
102) 2) dialog: When I came upon the valley of bones, the serpent said, "Make this your home. Dry as my soul be, heaven is lost to thee." We all got to make way. Harry puts the rooster face to the ground and draws a straight line. Harry lets the rooster go, but the rooster stays motionless, unable to move.
102) 3) dialog: A chicken hates to see the preacher coming to dinner. Herman hands Harry the ax. Harry is poised over the chick with the ax, appreciating the moment. Harry raises the ax The SOUND of Rodney starting to practice his trumpet brin the rooster out of the trance. Before Harry can react, the rooster jumps away.
104) 0) text: M.C. is sitting on the bed, reading the job section of th paper. Herman is putting Vicks Vapo-Rub in a bowl of boil water. He covers his head over the bowl with a towel. Okr sitting at the table examining his gun. He points it at t floor, seeing if the sight is straight. Harry is sitting at the table with Babe Brother. Harry is showing him how to cheat at cards.
104) 1) dialog: Never play with someone's else's cards. You always get a new deck. Look at this card. See anything?
104) 3) dialog: Son, I can take everything you got with that deck. It is marked. Now I'm going to show you how to make some money in case you get stuck somewhere.
105) 0) text: A moth flies around the light casting a shadow that float over everything. Suzie turns out the kitchen light and th turns out the dining-room light. She goes to her room and closes the door, leaving the room dark. A car headlight passing outside casts a moving pattern that moves along t wall. The light reveals Harry's presence standing in the hall doorway.
107) 4) dialog: Boy, I thought you were about to cross the river.
107) 6) dialog: Son, would you do me a favor and see if you could turn off that tap in the bathroom. My hand is too weak. And would you do me another favor? I don't like asking this but would you clean the tub for me? I have trouble bending over.
107) 8) dialog: That smells like fresh coffee.
107) 10) dialog: Only if you can spare it. Junior stands over Harry's shoulder looking at him sharpe his knife. Harry feels uncomfortable with Junior standing behind him. Harry looks up at him.
107) 11) dialog: Son, would you get me an old piece of newspaper? Suzie sets a cup of coffee in front of Harry.
107) 12) dialog: Lord if you ain't an angel. Junior hands Harry the newspaper. Harry puts the paper un his foot and trims his toenails with it. Harry is aware o Junior standing over him.
107) 13) dialog: I will leave you something in my will.
112) 0) text: Linda is standing over the stove, sweating as she stirs a pot of boiling soup. Babe Brother and Harry are seated at the table playing ca Sunny is on the floor near his mother. Every time she mov he follows her. Harry notices Sunny has his shoes on the wrong foot and adds in a sarcastic way:
112) 1) dialog: How old is that boy? Babe Brother looks at Sunny's shoe.
112) 4) dialog: Let's give Dry Bones a call to see if he is coming or not. Okra likes to exaggerate, keep you waiting all night. Harry slowly gets to his feet and goes in the other room use the phone. Linda watches him go. She is deep in thoug Babe Brother, attempting to cut the roast before it is re is pushed aside by Linda, who is almost out of control wi rage.
113) 0) text: Linda is standing at the door, with a red eye, welcoming Harry's friends, which seem to be a long line of sickly people.
114) 0) text: Linda is busy serving everyone, running in and out of the kitchen bringing more things, and removing used plates, e Linda's eye is swollen and discolored. The guests look at Linda's eye and then cast a naughty-boy glance at Babe Brother. Linda stops serving to pay attention to an elderly man, w deliberately bends one of her spoons. She catches another putting a fork in his pocket and an elderly lady putting cigarette out in one of her plates. As she is about to confront the man about pocketing her spoon, a peal of LAUGHTER forces her to turn around only witness a lady knocking over a glass filled with a green drink with her elbow. The stain spreads across the table cloth in an even manner like a single wave. She watches i move from one end of the table to the other. Harry is seated in the middle. The composition hints at T Last Supper.
125) 0) text: Babe Brother is driving along a country road while Harry, sitting in the front seat next to him, yawns. Harry is ti
125) 1) dialog: Let us walk awhile. I grow weary when I sit still too long. Babe Brother's car stops in an orchard-like area.
126) 0) text: Babe Brother and Harry get out of the car. They walk on a path that takes them under low hanging tree limbs. It get darker as they go deeper into the orchard. Babe Brother f the going rough and loses his footing.
126) 1) dialog: Give me your arm lest you fall. Harry has to help him stay on his feet. Babe Brother find necessary to take Harry's arm. Babe Brother stops and Har walks a few more steps ahead and waits for Babe Brother. ahead sitting on a branch is a huge white owl camouflaged tree branches.
126) 3) dialog: You probably heard the wind stirring up those dead leaves over there.
135) 1) dialog: How is he doing?
135) 3) dialog: I made a fresh pot of coffee. Okra and I thought you need a rest. I'll stand guard. Okra wants to talk to you anyway. Harry helps Suzie to her feet.
137) 0) text: Harry is sitting by the bed, just visible through the win He seems restless.
140) 0) text: Harry has a plate of food in his hand. He stands facing himself in the mirror, staring at himself while he eats. opens the door to leave but Sunny is in the hallway with back turned sweeping. Harry stares at him and decides to back in his room.
142) 0) text: Harry sees that it is safe to leave. He sees Sunny sweepi in Gideon's room. Gideon is sound asleep. Sunny is sweepi around the bed.
143) 0) text: Harry comes in and Hattie and Suzie stop talking. Harry i aware that he was the subject. The SOUND of the boy next playing his horn is heard.
143) 1) dialog: Good afternoon, ladies.
143) 4) dialog: As God is my witness, I have never done anything to that woman.
143) 6) dialog: Since she has repented, all she does is throw stones.
143) 8) dialog: I don't make no bones about where I'm going to spend eternity. I have always been wild and you know that. If you are made to feel half a man, what do you think the other half is?
143) 10) dialog: You invited me.
143) 12) dialog: Like that boy next door playing that his horn. If he was a friend, he would stop irritating people, but if he stops practicing, he wouldn't be perfect in what he does someday.
144) 0) text: Hattie enters Harry's room. She goes through his things. reads one of his letters. As she walks over to the window reading his letter, she steps on the plate, cracking it.
145) 2) dialog: Okra, M.C. and Herman want to go back home with me.  (beat) Suzie, I'm not a bad fellow; I just like to have a good time.  (beat) M.C. is coming by to pick me up tonight. I'll come back to get my things. Well, I hope Gideon recovers. You know I have an extra picture of one of my sons that I would like for you to put with those baby pictures over your dresser. It's better than being in my dusty wallet with addresses and names of people who are no longer on this earth. Suzie takes the picture. She seems as if she has doubts a having asked Harry to leave.
145) 3) dialog: I'll say my so-longs to Gideon before I leave and I truly wish that he will get well. Suzie continues to look at the picture.
146) 0) text: Hattie is reading Harry's letters when he appears behind Hattie turns but is not surprised or concerned about Harr She hands him back his letters, looks at him for a moment goes. Harry looks down at the cracked dish.
147) 0) text: M.C. and Herman are packing. Okra is all dressed up with pair of Stacy Adams shoes that make his feet look exaggeratedly long. Babe Brother and Harry are sitting at table playing blackjack. Okra picks up one thing at a tim making the packing much harder. There is a stack of old d 78 record; Okra, trying to step over the records, kicks o a box of mothballs that roll across the floor. Okra has t step over boxes of toilet paper.
147) 3) dialog: Whose old piece of knife is this?
147) 5) dialog: I don't want to wear out welcome, but you can stay in someone's heart longer than you can stay in their house. Come with us, boy. We are going to have a good time.
147) 7) dialog: We are going where the action is. Ain't that right, Okra? (then back to Babe Brother) Let's play for a couple of bucks unless you want to start off with two bits and work our way up. (beat) What would you give to be rich? Babe Brother humps his shoulder. Babe Brother looks at hi hand.
147) 9) dialog: I know your mind is on your wife but you should never treat a woman as an equal. You want to get your wife back, get another woman, one of those big hip women that will ride you till you sweat. Harry wins another hand. M.C. and Okra are still packing while Herman is eating Argo Starch.
147) 10) dialog: Double the stakes? Babe Brother agrees but his thoughts are obviously somewh else. Harry studies his hand and looks at Babe Brother; h puts down his hand. Babe Brother wins and is quite please The next series of hands are won by Babe Brother.
147) 11) dialog: M.C., you ever heard of a real man having one woman?
147) 13) dialog: When one woman puts you out, you have another to take you in. You don't drive around without a spare tire, do you? The more mules you have hitched, the easier it is to plough. Harry loses another hand and Babe Brother suddenly has a of money.
147) 14) dialog: Herman, let me borrow a few bucks. Herman stand over him with a roll of bills and peels off several.
147) 15) dialog: Bless you. Bless you. Herman is standing behind Babe Brother, SINGING to himsel
147) 17) dialog: Let me share something with you. Harry stops and thinks for a while.
147) 18) dialog: Hattie is a snake. That woman broke up so many homes and caused a lot of misery and because she calls herself getting religion everything is put right. Okra is taking several shotguns out of the closet.
147) 20) dialog: It's important to know the difference between the incoming fire and the outgoing fire. As Amos and Andy might say, "We is the outgoing fire." Come with us, son. We'll show you some steaming hot juke joints, steaming hot women.
147) 23) dialog: We will wait for you as long as we can. I got to get my things from your mother's house. Babe Brother hurries out. M.C., Herman and Okra flop down chairs and on the bed and look at their watches. Harry sits at the table tapping out a rhythm on the table WHISTLING very softly to himself. Suddenly Harry sees tha Babe Brother left the pile of money on the table. A look concern comes over his face.
152) 0) text: Sunny stands in the doorway watching his father sharpen h knife that he got from Harry. Babe Brother is unaware tha his son is watching him.
168) 0) text: Babe Brother and Junior help Suzie out of the car. She ha her left hand bandaged. They are extremely exhausted. The walk up the porch to find Harry holding the door open.
168) 1) dialog: I can't believe what I heard took place.
169) 3) dialog: I came to pick up my things.
171) 0) text: Harry sadly gets up. He looks at Babe Brother. Linda step front of Babe Brother.
173) 0) text: Harry is trying to raise himself from the floor. He pause for a moment and then collapses. Harry is in a lot of pai Harry's body contorts and then remains still. Babe Brother, Junior, Pat, and Linda, Suzie run in. Suzie tries to see if he is alive. Babe Brother tries to give h mouth to mouth resuscitation but Linda pulls him away. Ju tries to push down on Harry's chest. Babe Brother stares down at Harry and then goes slowly ba into the living room. Pat is on the phone dialing the paramedics. Everyone stands around Harry.
174) 0) text: Two PARAMEDICS work on Harry. One of the paramedics is a young Asian. The other is white with red hair. They liste for a heart beat and shake their heads in a negative mann They pack up their medical case. The Asian's accent is ve difficult to understand.
175) 0) text: Harry is stretched out on the floor. A blanket covers everything except his shoes.
180) 0) text: M.C. and Marsh are going through Harry's boxes. They take old blues records, books, a big Bible, and books on Dunba
183) 0) text: Harry's body lies there motionless.
187) 0) text: Harry's body lies on the floor. On the kitchen sink are Suzie's jars of cuttings, which have developed a maze of roots.