58) 0) text: Gideon in the background in the kitchen washing off the vegetables. Suzie and HATTIE are sitting at the table. Ha comes in and is surprised to see Hat tie. Hattie is in he late sixties but looks well. She makes a conscious effort dress plainly.
58) 1) dialog: I couldn't believe it when Suzie called and said you were staying here. How have you been?
58) 3) dialog: No, I'm a different person now, Harry. Hattie has a nervous condition that causes her to squint time to time. Gideon comes in from the kitchen.
58) 6) dialog: Harry, that's not nice. I'm in church now.
58) 8) dialog: Some people grow up and change their ways.
58) 10) dialog: My mother passed on years ago.
62) 0) text: M.C. lifts Suzie off the ground twice. He runs over to Ha who does not want to be handled, tries to withdraw but M. forces her to her feet and gives a big bear hug. Hattie h series of squinting attacks. M.C. squints in return.
62) 1) dialog: M.C., you still ain't house broken.
62) 5) dialog: Harry, what did you do, rob the graveyard? Herman hobbles in and, after a minute of COUGHING, a smil forms on his face.
63) 0) text: Suzie, Gideon and Hattie are seated at the table while M. bounces from one end of the table to the other. One momen is on his knees and next moment he is leaning over someon flick his ashes in the ashtray on the table. Hattie hates when he comes near her. Harry and Herman sit together in the corner chewing on starch.
63) 2) dialog: I'm in church.
63) 4) dialog: Suzie, you still have Joe's number?
63) 7) dialog: None of your business.
63) 15) dialog: I haven't heard anyone mention Swamp Root since button-up shoes went out.
63) 17) dialog: You know the saying, "your heart is in your left hand."
63) 19) dialog: I was quoting from the Bible. If the shoe fits, wear it.
63) 23) dialog: Harry, you know you remind me of so much that went wrong in my life. When I heard you were here, I made a special effort to come and see you. I see you are still a pile of wet chicken feathers.
63) 27) dialog: An empty wagon makes a lot of noise and you, tappy head, you ain't worth the salt you put in greens.
63) 31) dialog: Is this your house?
63) 35) dialog: In the meantime Harry can slaughter us a hog.
76) 0) text: An attractive Woman, in her younger days a knockout, puts a record and starts to pop her fingers to the music as sh moves towards the center of the floor dancing by herself, inviting anyone bold enough to join her. A group of Men who haven't seen each other in years are asking questions about news of old friends. Okra is trying to get his camera working. Herman is following M.C. through the crowd with his hand resting on M.C.'s shoulder as if he were a blind person. racking COUGH is frightening. An older couple dancing attract the attention of the crow The man is wearing Stacy Adams shoes polished to see one' face in them. He gives expression to his moves as if he a the woman are talking with their bodies. Junior and Pat try to bring in something more modern to o the older couple. Herman corners Hattie, trying to get her to sing.
76) 1) dialog: Look, you better get out of my face before I slap the living daylights out of you. Harry stops the music.
76) 3) dialog: Harry always tries to be the king fish. I told him I'm a new person. I'm saved. Harry signals an old man, PERCY, to start playing his gui Percy starts to play but Hattie doesn't join him. He look Harry for a sign of what to do. Hattie walks away. Percy starts to SING by himself but someone puts a record interrupting his singing. People are back to dancing. A YOUNGER WOMAN is dancing with an OLDER MAN with such vi forcing the old man to try to keep up, that people grow concerned. People near him try to make him slow down but pride forces him to be ridiculous.
84) 0) text: M.C. and Herman put the unshaded lamps next to Hattie so can get a better picture. Percy starts to play his guitar Herman stands behind Percy.
84) 1) dialog: Don't make me say something nasty now. Percy starts to play an old religious number and Hattie STARTS TO SING. Everything stops for a moment as her VOIC fills the room. Then most of the guests pick up and join in. M.C. moves t lamp next to Percy so Okra can take his picture.
139) 0) text: Two shadows on the wall are facing each other. The shadow are the heads of two women, Suzie and Hattie.
139) 1) dialog: You know Harry lied about how that boy Hocker got kilt. And it was Harry who saw Emory last before they found him hanging over a levee like someone would hang a hog.
139) 3) dialog: Harry always shows his good side and, like the moon, the other side is black. Back home he always did try to act like the colored gentleman. I'm telling you Harry is nothing but evil. I'm warning you -- you can't keep a wild animal as a pet around children.
141) 2) dialog: Rush your mouth, girl. No, he didn't. He cannot be that big of a damn fool.
141) 4) dialog: He's just raffish. Harry put him up to it. Before evening sun sets, I would have his belongings back on Route 55, that old fox.
141) 6) dialog: Everybody who have been associated with Harry end up with pennies over their eyes.
141) 8) dialog: If it was left up to me, I would poison him.
143) 0) text: Harry comes in and Hattie and Suzie stop talking. Harry i aware that he was the subject. The SOUND of the boy next playing his horn is heard.
143) 3) dialog: I'm going to check on Gideon. Harry moves out of her way to let her go by. Hattie doesn even give him a glance. Harry continues to look at her as disappears into Gideon's room.
144) 0) text: Hattie enters Harry's room. She goes through his things. reads one of his letters. As she walks over to the window reading his letter, she steps on the plate, cracking it.
146) 0) text: Hattie is reading Harry's letters when he appears behind Hattie turns but is not surprised or concerned about Harr She hands him back his letters, looks at him for a moment goes. Harry looks down at the cracked dish.
176) 0) text: Hattie, Marsh, Okra, Herman, and M.C. all come in. Marsh looks cheerful.
176) 6) dialog: Would anybody object if I take a look at him?
176) 8) dialog: I never noticed how big his eyes were.
179) 15) dialog: He dropped dead.
179) 30) dialog: Why don't M.C. and you drag him to your house? Herman moves away with a look of disdain.
180) 2) dialog: I still don't know if I was right about Harry. She seems frustrated with herself not being able to come terms about who was Harry.
184) 15) dialog: Plant him in Potter's Field. He doesn't need a marked grave.
184) 17) dialog: His winter has come and gone and I know right now he is answering for a lot of things. M.C., Okra and Herman move away from Hattie.