59) 0) text: M.C. slams the door to his car and hurries up the steps, leaving HERMAN, in spite of his bad condition, to get out the car the best he can. The car door almost knocks poor Herman over. M.C. seems rather youthful because of his en and awkwardness. He is a large muscular man. Herman is a dried-up man with nothing, not even a shadow. has a racking COUGH.
61) 0) text: Herman is still trying to get out of the car.
63) 0) text: Suzie, Gideon and Hattie are seated at the table while M. bounces from one end of the table to the other. One momen is on his knees and next moment he is leaning over someon flick his ashes in the ashtray on the table. Hattie hates when he comes near her. Harry and Herman sit together in the corner chewing on starch.
63) 11) dialog: M.C., I'm worn out. You ready to go?
63) 13) dialog: Suzie, do you have any Swamp Root?
63) 22) dialog: You all ought to get along.
63) 24) dialog: Oh Lord.
63) 29) dialog: I don't have too many fish fries left.
63) 37) dialog: Please, M.C., take me home.
75) 5) dialog: There is a fight in every bottle.
76) 0) text: An attractive Woman, in her younger days a knockout, puts a record and starts to pop her fingers to the music as sh moves towards the center of the floor dancing by herself, inviting anyone bold enough to join her. A group of Men who haven't seen each other in years are asking questions about news of old friends. Okra is trying to get his camera working. Herman is following M.C. through the crowd with his hand resting on M.C.'s shoulder as if he were a blind person. racking COUGH is frightening. An older couple dancing attract the attention of the crow The man is wearing Stacy Adams shoes polished to see one' face in them. He gives expression to his moves as if he a the woman are talking with their bodies. Junior and Pat try to bring in something more modern to o the older couple. Herman corners Hattie, trying to get her to sing.
84) 0) text: M.C. and Herman put the unshaded lamps next to Hattie so can get a better picture. Percy starts to play his guitar Herman stands behind Percy.
102) 0) text: Harry, Okra and Herman are trying to catch another chicke Herman is COUGHING badly and Okra is out of breath.
102) 5) dialog: If I have to chase after one, we won't eat. A sack drops over the fence. Okra limps over to see what in the bag. He uses a stick to open the bag. He doesn't l what he sees and throws the bag back over the fence.
104) 0) text: M.C. is sitting on the bed, reading the job section of th paper. Herman is putting Vicks Vapo-Rub in a bowl of boil water. He covers his head over the bowl with a towel. Okr sitting at the table examining his gun. He points it at t floor, seeing if the sight is straight. Harry is sitting at the table with Babe Brother. Harry is showing him how to cheat at cards.
147) 0) text: M.C. and Herman are packing. Okra is all dressed up with pair of Stacy Adams shoes that make his feet look exaggeratedly long. Babe Brother and Harry are sitting at table playing blackjack. Okra picks up one thing at a tim making the packing much harder. There is a stack of old d 78 record; Okra, trying to step over the records, kicks o a box of mothballs that roll across the floor. Okra has t step over boxes of toilet paper.
147) 4) dialog: That was my brother's knife. Harry gives the knife to Babe Brother and signals him to it in his pocket. The SOUND of the thunder has an unreal violence to it.
147) 16) dialog: In the ground there is a hole and green grass growing around the hole. Now in the hole there is tree and green grass growing all around the tree. Now there is a hole in the ground, a tree in the hole and green grass growing around the hole.
176) 0) text: Hattie, Marsh, Okra, Herman, and M.C. all come in. Marsh looks cheerful.
176) 7) dialog: I don't think Harry would like it. Hattie goes over and pulls the blanket back. Okra, M.C. a Herman hurry over to take a quick glance. They huddle beh Hattie, peeping over her shoulder.
179) 16) dialog: Hattie, you can be so mean.
184) 11) dialog: It's something. Babe Brother wakes in a sweat and sits next to Linda like child needing protection.
184) 16) dialog: Hattie, your true colors are unbearable. You got some mean ways. Don't worry about the boy getting a burial. He still has some friends left on this earth.