28) 0) text: Suzie, Gideon, JUNIOR (Gideon's elder son, 35 years old a dark skinned), PAT (Junior's wife, who is expecting, abou 32) and Rhonda are all seated next to one another in the row. The PREACHER is knee-deep in water. He is baptizing group of young people. The members of the church are sing "Take Me To The Water". An Elderly Man who can hardly wal without help is being led down to the pool.
29) 0) text: Suzie, Gideon, Junior, Pat and Rhonda are all seated at t table eating. Babe Brother is standing up. He looks in th pot but doesn't find it to his liking. Junior is irritate his brother.
29) 1) dialog: When are you going to find time to help me fix the roof?
29) 3) dialog: You used that excuse to get out of the army.
31) 0) text: Suzie, Gideon, Junior, Pat and Rhonda are still at the ta eating.
31) 3) dialog: You all should have been hard on him like you were me and he wouldn't be the way he is.
40) 15) dialog: Pleased to meet you. So you're from back home, too. Harry and Junior shake hands, but Rhonda gives Harry only nod of her head and a smile. Pat, who is pregnant, attempts to shake hands with Harry, is forced to withdraw her hand because of a sudden pain i her stomach.
45) 0) text: Gideon and Suzie are stepping off the porch. Harry is standing behind the screen door. Gideon and Suzie get in Junior's car. Junior, Pat and Rho wave to Harry as the car pulls away.
52) 0) text: Junior is on the phone with Babe Brother. Pat crosses in front of the camera shaking her head in a negative manner Babe Brother's voice is just audible.
52) 1) dialog: You want me to mortgage my house to invest in a scheme of yours? You know the last time we went into something together Daddy had to go in his savings to keep us from ending on the street.
52) 3) dialog: This is not a good time to take chances. Your best friend, Robert, an accountant, lost his home and is out on the street. We see him from time to time. He comes down to church for a free meal.
52) 5) dialog: Robert asks about you. When are you going to do something to help him?
52) 7) dialog: Babe Brother always acts like a gambler who is in the biggest game of his life and don't know about playing cards.
68) 0) text: Junior is taking the back door off to paint. Harry helps carry the door and lay it on a saw horse.
68) 1) dialog: I appreciate you lending me a hand. That lazy ass brother of mine was suppose to help me.
68) 3) dialog: He should be caring. That is not too much to ask.
68) 5) dialog: All the people working with us are really doing it 'cause they hate to see suffering.
69) 1) dialog: We can't really bring another family in here with us.
69) 3) dialog: When did you talk to Harry?
76) 0) text: An attractive Woman, in her younger days a knockout, puts a record and starts to pop her fingers to the music as sh moves towards the center of the floor dancing by herself, inviting anyone bold enough to join her. A group of Men who haven't seen each other in years are asking questions about news of old friends. Okra is trying to get his camera working. Herman is following M.C. through the crowd with his hand resting on M.C.'s shoulder as if he were a blind person. racking COUGH is frightening. An older couple dancing attract the attention of the crow The man is wearing Stacy Adams shoes polished to see one' face in them. He gives expression to his moves as if he a the woman are talking with their bodies. Junior and Pat try to bring in something more modern to o the older couple. Herman corners Hattie, trying to get her to sing.
92) 0) text: Suzie and Junior are sitting at the dining room table. Ha looking like he has just gotten out of bed, drags himself
92) 3) dialog: How did you sleep last night? There is obvious hostility in Junior's tone. Harry senses Junior's hostility and chooses to ignore it.
101) 0) text: The room is crowded with people. Suzie is putting Gideon' shirt on. Harry is leaning against the door. After having his shirt on, Suzie puts his house shoes on and directs B Brother and Junior to hold him up while she tucks his shi in and puts on his suspenders. It takes almost everyone to hoist Gideon. Linda and Pat p the bed and night-stand out of the way as Babe Brother an Junior struggle to lift Gideon. They almost stumble at th door. Harry is left standing in the room alone.
103) 0) text: Suzie, Junior and Pat are standing around Gideon's bed. H in a room full of old veterans who are apparently nearing end. Two old veterans, one white and the other black, sitting opposite each other wearing medals, sit in silence starin into each other's eyes. A nurse empties an old man's urine bag. The old man doesn show any embarrassment about his predicament. Gideon look how the patients are treated.
107) 0) text: Suzie is holding the door open while Gideon is carried in Junior and Babe Brother. Gideon is led to a chair. He sti looks awful.
108) 0) text: Junior looks in but Babe Brother is too busy trying to cl the bathtub to notice anyone. Babe Brother complains to himself.
111) 0) text: Junior is putting up a new light fixture. Pat hands him a tool. Rhonda is washing dishes in the kitchen.
111) 2) dialog: Harry is the kind of guy you would love to take out in the woods and leave under a rock. 
123) 0) text: Junior and Pat are helping Linda carry her baggage inside Sunny reluctantly follows. It is obvious that Linda has l Babe Brother.
123) 2) dialog: Boy, hush that noise and get in this house. Make haste.
123) 4) dialog: Rhonda, drag him in here. If you be nice, I will take you to Disneyland. Pat, Linda and Junior put the suitcases down.
123) 6) dialog: I want to hear what happened. My brother is a jackass and a damn fool. The both of you have been as scarce as hen's teeth. Linda looks down, embarrassed.
123) 9) dialog: Whether the boy hears it or not, the man is still a jackass. Everyone should have some mother wit.
127) 0) text: Pat, Linda and Junior are seated at the table. The suitca are in the middle of the floor.
127) 2) dialog: Is that how you got that black eye?
127) 5) dialog: Sure.
127) 7) dialog: Babe Brother reminds me of the story of the man who wanted to be sizable. He wanted to be tall but what he was really short on was brains. There was a time when people had moon fever were treated with leeches. The phone rings and Junior goes to pick it up. Linda's an Pat's attention is focused on the phone. Junior hands the phone to Linda.
127) 8) dialog: It's that nut of yours. Linda hesitates but Pat takes the phone from Junior and p it in her hand.
130) 0) text: Babe Brother drives around the block past Junior's house.
131) 0) text: Junior is at the window, looking out.
131) 1) dialog: Why doesn't he just park his car and come in and apologize?
132) 0) text: Babe Brother sits in his car with the windows up. Junior tries to talk to him but Babe Brother will not roll down windows. He just stares at Junior, who is getting angry.
132) 1) dialog: Roll down the window and let me talk to you. Babe Brother only stares at him. Junior gets more violent starts to shake the car. Pat calls from the doorway.
150) 0) text: Junior is carrying a roll of roofing paper. Pat, Rhonda, Linda and Sunny run to the porch to get out of the rain. Junior stacks the roofing paper in the corner of the porc and stamps the mud off his shoes.
151) 0) text: Junior, Pat, Linda and Rhonda come in to help Suzie move bed from under the rain dripping through the hole in the ceiling.
153) 1) dialog: Where is Babe Brother?
153) 3) dialog: How come you didn't ask Babe Brother to help you?
153) 5) dialog: So he is busy?
154) 0) text: Babe Brother is preoccupied sharpening his knife with a sharpening stone. He is almost in a trance. Junior comes rather angrily. Sunny goes and sits in the shadows in the dining room.
154) 1) dialog: Why in the hell didn't you help mama?
154) 3) dialog: I bet you if your master would have told you to fix the hole in the roof, you would have rebuilt the whole damn house.
154) 5) dialog: That is a damn lie and you know it. Every time father asks you to do something, you either half-ass do it or run off and hide. Mama asked you to turn the dirt in her garden and you told her, with your smart ass self, that you weren't a farmer; get Junior to do it. Every time someone asks you to do something, you always say, tell Junior to do it. Boy, you ought to grow up.
154) 7) dialog: I ought to break your damn neck.
156) 2) dialog: You dumb ass, it's Babe Brother.
156) 4) dialog: Sit down! Babe Brother hits Junior on the jaw, driving him backward causing the overhead lamp to sway violently.
158) 0) text: Babe Brother and Junior are both reaching for the knife. Junior is on top of Babe Brother, who is stretched out on table trying to reach the knife. Junior grabs the knife f and Babe Brother flips over to defend himself. Babe Broth grabs Junior's wrist as Junior tries to push the knife against his throat. Suzie comes in and grabs part of the knife with her hand Junior's wrist with her other hand. Pat and Linda try to the two men apart while pleading with Junior. Blood drips from Suzie's hand to the table, forming a poo under Babe Brother's head.
158) 2) dialog: Someone get some lard out of the ice box. Pat attempts to get the lard but pain in her stomach forc her to sit down. Linda gets the lard out and hands it to Junior. Babe Brother raises himself. The blood from Suzie dripping from his head. Rhonda is trying to hold Sunny ba Junior holds his mother's hand under the faucet. It is a cut. The bleeding won't stop. Pat is sitting at the blood-stained table unable to move. is PANTING, sweating, and holding her stomach. Linda is caught between trying to help Suzie and attending to Pat. Babe Brother helps to make a wad of cloth to press in her hand to Stop the bleeding.
158) 5) dialog: We will take her. You all stay here and watch Dad.
159) 0) text: The automatic doors open and Junior, Babe Brother and Suz enter. There is a long line of people waiting at the registration window as well as groups of people filling o forms. Other patients are seated and waiting patiently to the doctor. Suzie finally gets to the registration window. A NURSE, white, 25, with extremely long fingernails that curve bac around, is surprisingly sympathetic.
159) 5) dialog: Yes.
159) 7) dialog: Don't worry about it. It will be paid. Just let her see a doctor.
162) 0) text: More injured people come but in spite of their condition are told that they have to wait. There is only standing r Junior and Babe Brother are standing next to the wall. On the other side of the room, Suzie is looking quietly a them as if she is in deep thought. Junior walks over to the reception desk.
162) 1) dialog: Why is it so crowded?
168) 0) text: Babe Brother and Junior help Suzie out of the car. She ha her left hand bandaged. They are extremely exhausted. The walk up the porch to find Harry holding the door open.
172) 0) text: Pat, Linda, Junior, Rhonda, Babe Brother, Sunny and Suzie all standing around waiting for Gideon to wake up.
173) 0) text: Harry is trying to raise himself from the floor. He pause for a moment and then collapses. Harry is in a lot of pai Harry's body contorts and then remains still. Babe Brother, Junior, Pat, and Linda, Suzie run in. Suzie tries to see if he is alive. Babe Brother tries to give h mouth to mouth resuscitation but Linda pulls him away. Ju tries to push down on Harry's chest. Babe Brother stares down at Harry and then goes slowly ba into the living room. Pat is on the phone dialing the paramedics. Everyone stands around Harry.
174) 2) dialog: Well, aren't you going to take him with you?
174) 4) dialog: How long will that take?
176) 2) dialog: He slipped on some marbles that were on the floor. Then his heart gave out.
179) 9) dialog: You have been out for almost three weeks. The Preacher gives him a pat on the back and shakes Gideo hand.
184) 0) text: The Preacher is SNORING violently. Babe Brother is asleep on the floor. Sunny is asleep sitt on Linda's lap. Linda's feet rest on Babe Brother's chest Junior and Pat are looking at the baby pictures. Pat is holding her hand across her stomach feeling the baby kick Rhonda is asleep in a chair. Suzie and Gideon are sitting at the dining room table. Su is cutting the dead leaves off of a small potted plant.
184) 13) dialog: What is it, noontime?