20) 0) text: Babe Brother, having showered but still wearing his pajam drags himself to the kitchen table where his wife LINDA h huge coffee mug with the inscription, "I'm the boss", wai for him. Linda is about thirty years old and materially oriented l her husband. She is wearing a conservatively cut business dress. Sunny stops playing with his car and gets himself an empt cup. Babe Brother is about to pour him some of his coffee when Linda objects.
20) 1) dialog: 
20) 4) dialog: Because you were spoiled, don't try to spoil Sunny.
20) 6) dialog: I want Sunny to have an advantage that you and I never had, but he needs discipline, and you are not helping when I tell him to do something and you allow him to get out of it.
20) 8) dialog: Coffee is bad for anybody, especially for a child.
20) 10) dialog: How old are you?
30) 0) text: Babe Brother's car, a new Audi, is parked out front. Linda is in the front seat reading a magazine while Sunny asleep in the back seat. Babe Brother sticks his head in window.
30) 2) dialog: I would like to finish reading this. What would I talk about? I haven't read this month's almanac. I don't care to hear about how the corn was this fall or how to get rid of gophers by putting garlic in their holes. They pride themselves in making life hard and that's not my cup of tea.
48) 0) text: Harry and Babe Brother are playing cards while Linda watc and Sunny plays by himself on the floor. In the sink is a newspaper full of bloody feathers. A small flame is under pot on the stove. Harry looks at the chicken in the pot a sits back down.
48) 1) dialog: You don't act like the rest of Gideon's friends. They believe if you are not hard at work, you are hard at sin.
48) 4) dialog: I think he wants to see your rabbit foot.
48) 6) dialog: What's a toby?
48) 8) dialog: I thought you weren't old fashioned.
48) 11) dialog: No. No. No. No. I had my Child at Cedars and Sinai. And that ain't no county hospital. You have to have cash or check before you come in the door.
48) 13) dialog: Junior's wife kept her afterbirth' in the refrigerator. That's why I do not eat over there now.
48) 19) dialog: How was church? Gideon and Suzie are surprised to see Linda. They don't k what to say.
51) 0) text: Babe Brother is sitting with Sunny by the screen door blo giant bubbles. The bubbles drift past Linda, who is sitti at the table with real estate papers all over the table. is talking on the phone with a client and signals them to stop disturbing her. Babe Brother sends more bubbles floating by, causing her shake the water off her papers while she talks to a first time buyer.
51) 1) dialog: It has three bedrooms, one and a half baths. Well, yes, that means two toilets and one bath. Well... Yes, by appointment... Call me back if you decide. She hangs up the phone.
51) 2) dialog: You would think people never lived in a house if they have to ask what does 1 1/2 baths mean.
51) 4) dialog: I told him we might not need it, if you can talk your parents into giving you your share of the property.
51) 6) dialog: We could borrow on that land and put the money to work.
73) 0) text: Harry, Babe Brother and Linda come in after staying out a night. Linda looks as though she is about to fall asleep standing up. She awakes and looks at Harry. There is disl in her stare. Suzie and Gideon notice Linda fading away.
73) 2) dialog: I've never been so tired in my life. Where is Sunny?
77) 0) text: Linda sits with Sunny and Rhonda watching TV.
78) 0) text: The noise has gotten louder, everyone talking at the top his voice. Gideon is busy going around to everyone seeing if everyth is okay. Gideon and Suzie have worked up a sweat trying t attend to everyone's needs. Linda rejoins the party. She moves through the crowd and Babe Brother standing next to Harry. She is disappointed stays at a distance. Harry is with a group of people. Marsh tries to get Harry attention.
80) 0) text: Gideon, Babe Brother, and Linda go outside.
81) 0) text: The sounds of the party drift out from the house as Gideo Linda and Babe Brother talk.
81) 2) dialog: I think forcing him to go to church when he really doesn't understand is not saving his soul. When he gets old enough to make up his own mind about religion, that will be better. It will be his intellectual decision.
83) 0) text: Gideon, Babe Brother and Linda are just standing, facing another. Suzie comes out on the porch.
83) 7) dialog: He is just being like all parents, concerned about the ones they love.
83) 10) dialog: He doesn't mean what he says.
88) 0) text: Babe Brother is asleep. Linda is dressed to go to work. S throws his suit on the foot of the bed.
88) 1) dialog: Are you going to work or sleep all day? He snores louder. She opens the window and pulls back the cover. The cold air makes him draw up. On walking out, Li says in a rather hurt voice:
88) 2) dialog: Remember, you promised to take Sunny to Magic Mountain today. Babe Brother slowly gets up holding his chest as if his h is bothering him.
101) 0) text: The room is crowded with people. Suzie is putting Gideon' shirt on. Harry is leaning against the door. After having his shirt on, Suzie puts his house shoes on and directs B Brother and Junior to hold him up while she tucks his shi in and puts on his suspenders. It takes almost everyone to hoist Gideon. Linda and Pat p the bed and night-stand out of the way as Babe Brother an Junior struggle to lift Gideon. They almost stumble at th door. Harry is left standing in the room alone.
112) 0) text: Linda is standing over the stove, sweating as she stirs a pot of boiling soup. Babe Brother and Harry are seated at the table playing ca Sunny is on the floor near his mother. Every time she mov he follows her. Harry notices Sunny has his shoes on the wrong foot and adds in a sarcastic way:
112) 3) dialog: Why in the h... Close to tears, she turns and with exaggerated care, puts spoon down and gently puts Sunny in a chair. She starts t untie his shoes. Sunny stares at her while she keeps wipi her eyes.
112) 5) dialog: Why don't you wait? Babe Brother, attempting to forcibly cut a piece of roast slings Linda's arm away. His hand accidentally hits her i the eye. Linda grabs the fork, poised to strike, but gains control herself She looks like a person who is on the verge of ha a breakdown. She goes back to putting the shoes on Sunny. Babe Brother, feeling sorry, doesn't know what to do. He automatically picks up the fork and washes it off. Linda picks up Sunny.
113) 0) text: Linda is standing at the door, with a red eye, welcoming Harry's friends, which seem to be a long line of sickly people.
114) 0) text: Linda is busy serving everyone, running in and out of the kitchen bringing more things, and removing used plates, e Linda's eye is swollen and discolored. The guests look at Linda's eye and then cast a naughty-boy glance at Babe Brother. Linda stops serving to pay attention to an elderly man, w deliberately bends one of her spoons. She catches another putting a fork in his pocket and an elderly lady putting cigarette out in one of her plates. As she is about to confront the man about pocketing her spoon, a peal of LAUGHTER forces her to turn around only witness a lady knocking over a glass filled with a green drink with her elbow. The stain spreads across the table cloth in an even manner like a single wave. She watches i move from one end of the table to the other. Harry is seated in the middle. The composition hints at T Last Supper.
115) 0) text: Linda is reading a book to Sunny, who has his coffee can marbles emptied on the bed. The NOISE from the party in t next room is clearly heard. Every time she hears somethin CRASHING to the floor, she wrenches. Babe Brother comes i and stands in the doorway. Linda's eye is still swollen.
115) 2) dialog: I'm okay. Go back to your friends. Babe Brother closes the door and leaves Linda reading sto of Brer Rabbit to Sunny. She stops reading to look at him playing marbles on the bed. She smiles.
123) 0) text: Junior and Pat are helping Linda carry her baggage inside Sunny reluctantly follows. It is obvious that Linda has l Babe Brother.
123) 10) dialog: Something just took control of him. He stays out all night and comes home with a pocket full of money.
127) 0) text: Pat, Linda and Junior are seated at the table. The suitca are in the middle of the floor.
127) 1) dialog: I told Babe Brother that if Harry sets foot in our house again, I'm taking Sunny and leaving. Just as I said that, here come Harry and his old resurrected friends, hobbling up the steps.
127) 4) dialog: No, this was an accident.
127) 6) dialog: It was unintentional.
127) 9) dialog: What do you want?  (beat) No. Nothing happened to him. Sunny and Rhonda enter. Linda turns to look. Sunny's hand and face look bloody from eating strawberries. She puts t phone down and examines his dirty face. Pat brings Linda wet towel.
150) 0) text: Junior is carrying a roll of roofing paper. Pat, Rhonda, Linda and Sunny run to the porch to get out of the rain. Junior stacks the roofing paper in the corner of the porc and stamps the mud off his shoes.
151) 0) text: Junior, Pat, Linda and Rhonda come in to help Suzie move bed from under the rain dripping through the hole in the ceiling.
157) 0) text: Suzie, Pat and Linda hear the noise coming from the kitch and rush to see what is going on.
158) 0) text: Babe Brother and Junior are both reaching for the knife. Junior is on top of Babe Brother, who is stretched out on table trying to reach the knife. Junior grabs the knife f and Babe Brother flips over to defend himself. Babe Broth grabs Junior's wrist as Junior tries to push the knife against his throat. Suzie comes in and grabs part of the knife with her hand Junior's wrist with her other hand. Pat and Linda try to the two men apart while pleading with Junior. Blood drips from Suzie's hand to the table, forming a poo under Babe Brother's head.
158) 3) dialog: You are going to need some stitches. We better take her to the emergency hospital. Babe Brother is shamefully calm now and very humble.
158) 6) dialog: What about Pat?
164) 0) text: He walks by Linda, Pat, Rhonda, and Sunny, who are sleepi in chairs, on the floor and on the sofa.
166) 0) text: Gideon is busy eating almost everything in sight. A group mystified and sleepy faces appear at the door. Pat, Linda Rhonda and Sunny are all looking rather dumbfounded.
169) 0) text: On seeing Suzie, Sunny jumps up, knocking the can of marb over the kitchen floor. He runs to give Suzie a hug. Sunn wants to touch her bandaged hand, but Linda stops him.
171) 0) text: Harry sadly gets up. He looks at Babe Brother. Linda step front of Babe Brother.
171) 1) dialog: You ought to go see how your father is doing and then wash that blood off you and change shirts. Babe Brother is surrounded by Linda and Sunny who has his eyes fixed on Harry. They move as one heading for the bedroom. Harry seems a lot older. He sadly walks towards the kitch with his coffee cup. LOW ANGLE SHOT: Harry is slowly walking towards the MARBL that are scattered over the kitchen floor.
172) 0) text: Pat, Linda, Junior, Rhonda, Babe Brother, Sunny and Suzie all standing around waiting for Gideon to wake up.
173) 0) text: Harry is trying to raise himself from the floor. He pause for a moment and then collapses. Harry is in a lot of pai Harry's body contorts and then remains still. Babe Brother, Junior, Pat, and Linda, Suzie run in. Suzie tries to see if he is alive. Babe Brother tries to give h mouth to mouth resuscitation but Linda pulls him away. Ju tries to push down on Harry's chest. Babe Brother stares down at Harry and then goes slowly ba into the living room. Pat is on the phone dialing the paramedics. Everyone stands around Harry.
176) 3) dialog: (to Sunny) I told you to always put those marbles up and not to leave them just anywhere.
177) 0) text: Linda is helping Babe Brother wash Suzie's blood out of h hair. She dries his hair with a towel. Sonny hands Babe Brother a clean shirt, Gideon's shirt. He puts it on.
179) 3) dialog: He doesn't know when he will be out this way again. Somebody downtown is going to hear about this.
179) 29) dialog: They can't say. I'll try calling them again. Hattie moves closer to Herman and speaks so only he can h
179) 35) dialog: How do you like that? They hung up in my face. I'll fix them. I'll show them just how mean I can get. She rapidly dials the number. There is a BUSY SIGNAL.
179) 36) dialog: This has been a nightmare.
182) 0) text: The Preacher is sleep in his chair, SNORING loudly. Babe Brother and Linda are sitting together, talking in almost whisper. Sunny is asleep in his lap. Babe Brother is find it difficult to apologize for his recent behavior.
182) 2) dialog: Like a veil has been lifted?
182) 4) dialog: Like muddy waters?
182) 6) dialog: You were in hell?
182) 8) dialog: Do you think you won?
182) 10) dialog: And what lesson have we learned from all of this, Babe Br... Sam... I mean Samuel?
184) 0) text: The Preacher is SNORING violently. Babe Brother is asleep on the floor. Sunny is asleep sitt on Linda's lap. Linda's feet rest on Babe Brother's chest Junior and Pat are looking at the baby pictures. Pat is holding her hand across her stomach feeling the baby kick Rhonda is asleep in a chair. Suzie and Gideon are sitting at the dining room table. Su is cutting the dead leaves off of a small potted plant.