0) 0) text: GIDEON, a strongly built elderly black man, is sitting at table. On the table is a large bowl of fruit. A crocheted tablecloth hangs over the side of the table. Gideon is dressed in a white suit and wearing a pair of well-polish wing-tip shoes. His hat almost covers his eyes, which are points of greenish coals. The fruit in the bowl is engulf in flames. The flames look as if they are DRIPPING from the tableclo to the floor. Gideon's shoes start to SMOULDER. His shoes BURST INTO FLAMES which spread up his pants leg. His head falls forward as if he had suddenly fallen to sleep. He twiddles his thumbs very slowly in a circle. He crosses h legs as if to get comfortable. The camera moves to a CLOSE UP of his burning shoes. The image of his feet begins to appear through his shoes; the flames fade; the background changes as we
4) 0) text: Gideon looks over at the chickens, scratching around in t garden. He calls to them, but they don't respond. He puts shoes on and walks towards the back door of the house. Entering the house, he stops and waits inside the door peeping out. In a sort of devilish manner he talks to himself.
25) 1) text: off in the distance, a man is cutting his lawn. Gideon an Suzie are working in their garden. Other couples working their gardens. Two young men are working on their car, wh is creating a lot of smoke. A group of girls are sitting porch trying to sing while one of the smaller ones is try to learn a step. Skip is on the roof with his radio listening to rap music while his birds circle over head. From time to time he th a rock at them.
28) 0) text: Suzie, Gideon, JUNIOR (Gideon's elder son, 35 years old a dark skinned), PAT (Junior's wife, who is expecting, abou 32) and Rhonda are all seated next to one another in the row. The PREACHER is knee-deep in water. He is baptizing group of young people. The members of the church are sing "Take Me To The Water". An Elderly Man who can hardly wal without help is being led down to the pool.
36) 0) text: The trees are barren, which gives them an unfriendly look we LOOK at the ground, a man's distorted shadow stops in frame.
37) 0) text: A shadow of a man appears on Gideon's porch. The camera t up to HARRY MENTION, a very dark-looking, ageless old man carrying several boxes held together by a cord. He looks exhausted from his journey. He looks in his address book satisfied that he reached the right house, he rings the doorbell.
46) 1) text: Harry looks through Gideon's and Suzie's private things. looks at the baby pictures that fill the mirror. He reads Suzie's letters that are dated years ago. In one of the letters, he finds a picture of a man standing behind a plough. "Uncle Joe after Ella's death" is written on the back. A picture of a mule holds his interest. He looks at for a long time and carries it with him as he continues h search.
47) 0) text: Harry slowly walks along the rows in Suzie's garden. He stands by the chicken cage. Suddenly, the chickens start run about and CACKLE as if a dog had gotten in. Harry turns from the chicken coop. He stands still. Sunny hiding behind a bush. Sunny steps around the bush. Harry looks at Sunny with su concentration that Sunny takes a step backward as if gett ready to defend himself. MRS. BAKER, a black woman in her early thirties, comes ou the back porch. She shakes out a rug. She stops shaking t rug and stares at Harry. Harry becomes aware of Mrs. Baker's stare. He comes to himself and smiles at her.
52) 0) text: Junior is on the phone with Babe Brother. Pat crosses in front of the camera shaking her head in a negative manner Babe Brother's voice is just audible.
55) 0) text: Gideon is standing with his hat in his hand. His posture that of an extremely old man.
59) 0) text: M.C. slams the door to his car and hurries up the steps, leaving HERMAN, in spite of his bad condition, to get out the car the best he can. The car door almost knocks poor Herman over. M.C. seems rather youthful because of his en and awkwardness. He is a large muscular man. Herman is a dried-up man with nothing, not even a shadow. has a racking COUGH.
61) 0) text: Herman is still trying to get out of the car.
63) 0) text: Suzie, Gideon and Hattie are seated at the table while M. bounces from one end of the table to the other. One momen is on his knees and next moment he is leaning over someon flick his ashes in the ashtray on the table. Hattie hates when he comes near her. Harry and Herman sit together in the corner chewing on starch.
74) 0) text: Suzie and Gideon are getting the food ready while Harry, wearing a shirt that looks like it is made of shiny snakeskin, sits in a darkened corner of the room, cutting fingernails with his knife. The door bell rings and Harry slowly walks over to answer door. Suzie puts the punch bowl down and hurries over to the first guests, FRED JENKINS, an elderly black man whom hasn't seen in years, and Esme Jenkins, his wife.
76) 0) text: An attractive Woman, in her younger days a knockout, puts a record and starts to pop her fingers to the music as sh moves towards the center of the floor dancing by herself, inviting anyone bold enough to join her. A group of Men who haven't seen each other in years are asking questions about news of old friends. Okra is trying to get his camera working. Herman is following M.C. through the crowd with his hand resting on M.C.'s shoulder as if he were a blind person. racking COUGH is frightening. An older couple dancing attract the attention of the crow The man is wearing Stacy Adams shoes polished to see one' face in them. He gives expression to his moves as if he a the woman are talking with their bodies. Junior and Pat try to bring in something more modern to o the older couple. Herman corners Hattie, trying to get her to sing.
78) 4) dialog: Get yourself a pace-maker like me. Linda is standing by herself. She watches Babe Brother an Harry walk towards the kitchen. Pat comes to talk to her.
84) 0) text: M.C. and Herman put the unshaded lamps next to Hattie so can get a better picture. Percy starts to play his guitar Herman stands behind Percy.
94) 0) text: Suzie and another woman who will be helping her are aslee Suzie is in the chair and the woman is asleep on the floo The woman who is in labor is reading a magazine and seems somewhat bored.
96) 0) text: There is a flurry of activity; the woman is contracting.
102) 0) text: Harry, Okra and Herman are trying to catch another chicke Herman is COUGHING badly and Okra is out of breath.
103) 0) text: Suzie, Junior and Pat are standing around Gideon's bed. H in a room full of old veterans who are apparently nearing end. Two old veterans, one white and the other black, sitting opposite each other wearing medals, sit in silence starin into each other's eyes. A nurse empties an old man's urine bag. The old man doesn show any embarrassment about his predicament. Gideon look how the patients are treated.
104) 0) text: M.C. is sitting on the bed, reading the job section of th paper. Herman is putting Vicks Vapo-Rub in a bowl of boil water. He covers his head over the bowl with a towel. Okr sitting at the table examining his gun. He points it at t floor, seeing if the sight is straight. Harry is sitting at the table with Babe Brother. Harry is showing him how to cheat at cards.
114) 0) text: Linda is busy serving everyone, running in and out of the kitchen bringing more things, and removing used plates, e Linda's eye is swollen and discolored. The guests look at Linda's eye and then cast a naughty-boy glance at Babe Brother. Linda stops serving to pay attention to an elderly man, w deliberately bends one of her spoons. She catches another putting a fork in his pocket and an elderly lady putting cigarette out in one of her plates. As she is about to confront the man about pocketing her spoon, a peal of LAUGHTER forces her to turn around only witness a lady knocking over a glass filled with a green drink with her elbow. The stain spreads across the table cloth in an even manner like a single wave. She watches i move from one end of the table to the other. Harry is seated in the middle. The composition hints at T Last Supper.
128) 0) text: MR. BAKER, a well built black man in his late 40's, is ma a new fishing pole. He is very involved. Mrs. Baker is standing beside him with her arms folded. She stares at h Mr. Baker glances at her. 
129) 0) text: There is a man lying on a bus bench with his belongings. spotted dog is standing guard next to the bench. The dog' reflection is caught in a puddle of water. The dog has circles and sixes painted over his body. Old John taps on the bench with his pipe. The man lying o the bench stirs and gives Old John a wave to indicate tha is alright. Old John slowly gets his cart moving again.
133) 0) text: A woman is in a squatting position. Suzie and her aide ar holding the woman by the arms.
147) 0) text: M.C. and Herman are packing. Okra is all dressed up with pair of Stacy Adams shoes that make his feet look exaggeratedly long. Babe Brother and Harry are sitting at table playing blackjack. Okra picks up one thing at a tim making the packing much harder. There is a stack of old d 78 record; Okra, trying to step over the records, kicks o a box of mothballs that roll across the floor. Okra has t step over boxes of toilet paper.
161) 0) text: Two Police Officers bring in a man handcuffed to a bed. T woman officer carries a shotgun. The male police officer carries a clip board. The Prisoner is obviously in no condition to escape or cause trouble. They are allowed to directly to the emergency room without waiting.
174) 0) text: Two PARAMEDICS work on Harry. One of the paramedics is a young Asian. The other is white with red hair. They liste for a heart beat and shake their heads in a negative mann They pack up their medical case. The Asian's accent is ve difficult to understand.
176) 0) text: Hattie, Marsh, Okra, Herman, and M.C. all come in. Marsh looks cheerful.
185) 1) dialog: Hey boy, you still got that dead man in your house. Sunny and Rhonda don't respond. A middle-aged woman, VIRGINIA, one of Gideon's neighbors, passes Sunny and Rho knocks on the screen door and goes in.