78) 0) text: The noise has gotten louder, everyone talking at the top his voice. Gideon is busy going around to everyone seeing if everyth is okay. Gideon and Suzie have worked up a sweat trying t attend to everyone's needs. Linda rejoins the party. She moves through the crowd and Babe Brother standing next to Harry. She is disappointed stays at a distance. Harry is with a group of people. Marsh tries to get Harry attention.
78) 1) dialog: Harry, you will not remember me but we go back quite a ways. I'm glad Hattie told me that you will be here 'cause there is a matter that has been troubling me all these years that maybe you can help me clear it up. Harry stares into Marsh's eyes, then looks him over from to toe.
79) 0) text: Marsh sits in a chair opposite Harry. Babe Brother stands behind Harry. Harry, knowing that Marsh is going to bring unpleasant things of the past, feels the need to get rid Babe Brother.
79) 2) dialog: There is something that I always wanted to know. Tell me, how did those boys die?
79) 4) dialog: Miss Clara's boy, Emory, to start with. The Johnson's Hocker was another one...
79) 6) dialog: You know as well as I do that it was made to look like he was lynched. Now who would hang someone from a persimmon tree?
82) 5) dialog: Hocker's death almost caused a race riot. A lot of innocent people could have been hurt behind that.
85) 0) text: Marsh and Harry are getting quite loud in their argument. has become a kind of controlled anger.
85) 2) dialog: Chick was outright killed by a mob. He killed a white man that owed him some money and when they caught up with him, they tied him behind a car and dragged him from out of the hills back to town.
85) 4) dialog: You damn right they didn't, especially Emory, my cousin.
176) 0) text: Hattie, Marsh, Okra, Herman, and M.C. all come in. Marsh looks cheerful.
176) 1) dialog: What happened?
176) 5) dialog: Here, go around to the store and buy what you want.
179) 31) dialog: Harry didn't have any relatives living, did he?
179) 33) dialog: Somebody has to take responsibility for him.
180) 0) text: M.C. and Marsh are going through Harry's boxes. They take old blues records, books, a big Bible, and books on Dunba
180) 1) dialog: These are letters to his son. Hattie reads the letters in a corner by herself. She stop reading for a moment.
186) 3) dialog: If the dead wagon comes, we ought to leave a note telling them we'll be down the street at a picnic. Gideon comes back in with Suzie, who is helping tie his t They all line up and file out the front door with Suzie a Gideon leading the way. Pat is holding her stomach with a thoughtful look on her face.