75) 0) text: Okra sets the bag on the table and steps back to allow Ha to unveil the bottle of corn liquor.
76) 0) text: An attractive Woman, in her younger days a knockout, puts a record and starts to pop her fingers to the music as sh moves towards the center of the floor dancing by herself, inviting anyone bold enough to join her. A group of Men who haven't seen each other in years are asking questions about news of old friends. Okra is trying to get his camera working. Herman is following M.C. through the crowd with his hand resting on M.C.'s shoulder as if he were a blind person. racking COUGH is frightening. An older couple dancing attract the attention of the crow The man is wearing Stacy Adams shoes polished to see one' face in them. He gives expression to his moves as if he a the woman are talking with their bodies. Junior and Pat try to bring in something more modern to o the older couple. Herman corners Hattie, trying to get her to sing.
78) 6) dialog: Don't be so stand-offish. Hattie pushes him away. The drink spills on him. She turn and walks away. He follows her.
82) 0) text: Okra is trying to get enough light for his old Polaroid camera. M.C. takes a shade off a lamp and holds it next t the Twins, nearly blinding them.
102) 0) text: Harry, Okra and Herman are trying to catch another chicke Herman is COUGHING badly and Okra is out of breath.
102) 1) dialog: You think old Gideon is going to live to see this month out?
102) 4) dialog: Herman, you will have to catch the next one 'cause I'm out of breath.
136) 0) text: Okra is painfully standing on his bad feet. He is in his security-guard uniform, holding a bouquet of greens. As S comes in, Okra tries to stand upright at attention.
136) 1) dialog: I brought you these greens and some salt meat.
136) 3) dialog: You know Gideon and I are lodge brothers and it has always been a policy to take care of the wives if something happens to our brother.
136) 5) dialog: If you become a widow, you will need someone around to fix the whatnots. We like for the widow to marry someone in the lodge. I know Gideon ain't gone yet, but there will be a lot of his old friends coming around to get in line. I just want you to consider this as a kind of a conditional proposal, to be first in line so to speak. Suzie keeps herself under control; she tries to find word say. She stands up.
147) 0) text: M.C. and Herman are packing. Okra is all dressed up with pair of Stacy Adams shoes that make his feet look exaggeratedly long. Babe Brother and Harry are sitting at table playing blackjack. Okra picks up one thing at a tim making the packing much harder. There is a stack of old d 78 record; Okra, trying to step over the records, kicks o a box of mothballs that roll across the floor. Okra has t step over boxes of toilet paper.
147) 1) dialog: Why did you buy so much toilet paper?
147) 19) dialog: These damn things are unloaded, ain't they?
176) 0) text: Hattie, Marsh, Okra, Herman, and M.C. all come in. Marsh looks cheerful.
179) 11) dialog: That's our friend Harry.
179) 13) dialog: I wish it wasn't. Gideon seems to weaken for a moment.