12) 0) text: Two uniformed Police Officers stand impatiently at the do
28) 0) text: Suzie, Gideon, JUNIOR (Gideon's elder son, 35 years old a dark skinned), PAT (Junior's wife, who is expecting, abou 32) and Rhonda are all seated next to one another in the row. The PREACHER is knee-deep in water. He is baptizing group of young people. The members of the church are sing "Take Me To The Water". An Elderly Man who can hardly wal without help is being led down to the pool.
29) 0) text: Suzie, Gideon, Junior, Pat and Rhonda are all seated at t table eating. Babe Brother is standing up. He looks in th pot but doesn't find it to his liking. Junior is irritate his brother.
31) 0) text: Suzie, Gideon, Junior, Pat and Rhonda are still at the ta eating.
31) 5) dialog: Junior, you are wrong.
40) 16) dialog: This boy must be turning over. Oh, he just kicked me again. Junior feels her stomach. Pat again tries to shake Harry' hand and again gets a jolt from her stomach. She finds a chair to sit down in. The SOUND of rocks hitting the roof causes everyone to lo up.
45) 0) text: Gideon and Suzie are stepping off the porch. Harry is standing behind the screen door. Gideon and Suzie get in Junior's car. Junior, Pat and Rho wave to Harry as the car pulls away.
52) 0) text: Junior is on the phone with Babe Brother. Pat crosses in front of the camera shaking her head in a negative manner Babe Brother's voice is just audible.
56) 0) text: Suzie is peeling apples while Sunny, standing next to her catches peelings in his mouth. Pat is sitting next to the window. She is uncomfortable. She loosens her pants, givi her stomach more room. Rhonda is leaning over the back of chair with her arms around Pat's neck. They are in silhouette.
56) 1) dialog: Did you do your homework?
56) 3) dialog: What?
67) 0) text: Pat is looking at a book of baby names. Harry passes the and stops.
67) 2) dialog: That's nice.
67) 5) dialog: Last Saturday we handed out over two hundred meals.
67) 7) dialog: Week by week the crowds at the door keeps getting larger. We can't feed all the hungry.
67) 10) dialog: I don't know if we could take one in with Rhonda and me at home alone at times.
69) 0) text: Rhonda is in the background washing dishes. Pat and Junio are sitting at the dining room table, arguing.
69) 2) dialog: Why not? Harry says that's the only way to do good.
69) 4) dialog: Don't shout!
76) 0) text: An attractive Woman, in her younger days a knockout, puts a record and starts to pop her fingers to the music as sh moves towards the center of the floor dancing by herself, inviting anyone bold enough to join her. A group of Men who haven't seen each other in years are asking questions about news of old friends. Okra is trying to get his camera working. Herman is following M.C. through the crowd with his hand resting on M.C.'s shoulder as if he were a blind person. racking COUGH is frightening. An older couple dancing attract the attention of the crow The man is wearing Stacy Adams shoes polished to see one' face in them. He gives expression to his moves as if he a the woman are talking with their bodies. Junior and Pat try to bring in something more modern to o the older couple. Herman corners Hattie, trying to get her to sing.
78) 5) dialog: These old folks can dance better than I can. Get rid of that long face. Get one of these old farts to show you how to do the Black Bottom. Okra, holding his camera, all of the attachments in one h and a glass in his other hand, tries to offer Hattie a dr
101) 0) text: The room is crowded with people. Suzie is putting Gideon' shirt on. Harry is leaning against the door. After having his shirt on, Suzie puts his house shoes on and directs B Brother and Junior to hold him up while she tucks his shi in and puts on his suspenders. It takes almost everyone to hoist Gideon. Linda and Pat p the bed and night-stand out of the way as Babe Brother an Junior struggle to lift Gideon. They almost stumble at th door. Harry is left standing in the room alone.
103) 0) text: Suzie, Junior and Pat are standing around Gideon's bed. H in a room full of old veterans who are apparently nearing end. Two old veterans, one white and the other black, sitting opposite each other wearing medals, sit in silence starin into each other's eyes. A nurse empties an old man's urine bag. The old man doesn show any embarrassment about his predicament. Gideon look how the patients are treated.
105) 0) text: A moth flies around the light casting a shadow that float over everything. Suzie turns out the kitchen light and th turns out the dining-room light. She goes to her room and closes the door, leaving the room dark. A car headlight passing outside casts a moving pattern that moves along t wall. The light reveals Harry's presence standing in the hall doorway.
111) 0) text: Junior is putting up a new light fixture. Pat hands him a tool. Rhonda is washing dishes in the kitchen.
111) 1) dialog: He just leeches off your parents. He is a master at wearing out welcome. 
111) 3) dialog: Where does her get the power to summon all his old raffish friends? They all smell of moth balls.  Junior slips on the ladder and the wires touch. There is big spark. All the lights in the house go out. 
123) 0) text: Junior and Pat are helping Linda carry her baggage inside Sunny reluctantly follows. It is obvious that Linda has l Babe Brother.
123) 5) dialog: Now you don't have to say anything if you don't want to.
123) 7) dialog: Rhonda, take Sunny in the backyard. Take a bowl so you can pick some strawberries. Sunny will enjoy it. Rhonda and Sunny leave. Pat turns on Junior about talking about Babe Brother and Linda in front of Sunny.
123) 8) dialog: You shouldn't talk about the boy's father in front of him. This is family business and we have to pull together.
123) 11) dialog: It's probably Harry, but I hate to mention his name, because every time we say something about him something bad happens.
126) 0) text: Babe Brother and Harry get out of the car. They walk on a path that takes them under low hanging tree limbs. It get darker as they go deeper into the orchard. Babe Brother f the going rough and loses his footing.
127) 0) text: Pat, Linda and Junior are seated at the table. The suitca are in the middle of the floor.
127) 3) dialog: Don't ask that.
132) 2) dialog: Stop it Junior!
150) 0) text: Junior is carrying a roll of roofing paper. Pat, Rhonda, Linda and Sunny run to the porch to get out of the rain. Junior stacks the roofing paper in the corner of the porc and stamps the mud off his shoes.
151) 0) text: Junior, Pat, Linda and Rhonda come in to help Suzie move bed from under the rain dripping through the hole in the ceiling.
155) 0) text: Sunny is sitting in a chair listening to his father and u argue in the kitchen. A car outside passes and the lights from the car form a crochet-like moving pattern on the wa behind him. Sunny is only lit for a moment.
157) 0) text: Suzie, Pat and Linda hear the noise coming from the kitch and rush to see what is going on.
158) 0) text: Babe Brother and Junior are both reaching for the knife. Junior is on top of Babe Brother, who is stretched out on table trying to reach the knife. Junior grabs the knife f and Babe Brother flips over to defend himself. Babe Broth grabs Junior's wrist as Junior tries to push the knife against his throat. Suzie comes in and grabs part of the knife with her hand Junior's wrist with her other hand. Pat and Linda try to the two men apart while pleading with Junior. Blood drips from Suzie's hand to the table, forming a poo under Babe Brother's head.
158) 1) dialog: Stop it! Stop it! Look what you are doing! Babe Brother's eyes are rolled to the back. Junior's eyes huge; he has an animal look on his face. The SOUND of struggling people breathing heavily is amplified. The poo blood on the table grows larger. Junior slowly becomes aware of the blood and his body relaxes. He calmly releases the knife. Junior takes his mother's hand.
158) 7) dialog: I'm okay now. Suzie attempts to go see Gideon but Babe Brother and Juni turn her to the door. Going through the kitchen door, Jun intentionally turns his back to Babe Brother. Babe Brothe stares at Junior's back as he walks ahead.
159) 0) text: The automatic doors open and Junior, Babe Brother and Suz enter. There is a long line of people waiting at the registration window as well as groups of people filling o forms. Other patients are seated and waiting patiently to the doctor. Suzie finally gets to the registration window. A NURSE, white, 25, with extremely long fingernails that curve bac around, is surprisingly sympathetic.
164) 0) text: He walks by Linda, Pat, Rhonda, and Sunny, who are sleepi in chairs, on the floor and on the sofa.
166) 0) text: Gideon is busy eating almost everything in sight. A group mystified and sleepy faces appear at the door. Pat, Linda Rhonda and Sunny are all looking rather dumbfounded.
172) 0) text: Pat, Linda, Junior, Rhonda, Babe Brother, Sunny and Suzie all standing around waiting for Gideon to wake up.
172) 2) dialog: How long is Harry going to hang around? Babe Brother is in a corner all by himself. He looks down when Pat asks the question about Harry. A loud CRASHING SOUND comes from the kitchen.
173) 0) text: Harry is trying to raise himself from the floor. He pause for a moment and then collapses. Harry is in a lot of pai Harry's body contorts and then remains still. Babe Brother, Junior, Pat, and Linda, Suzie run in. Suzie tries to see if he is alive. Babe Brother tries to give h mouth to mouth resuscitation but Linda pulls him away. Ju tries to push down on Harry's chest. Babe Brother stares down at Harry and then goes slowly ba into the living room. Pat is on the phone dialing the paramedics. Everyone stands around Harry.
176) 4) dialog: The poor thing is not to blame. Rhonda, take Sunny for a walk. Marsh hands Rhonda several dollars.
179) 5) dialog: I got white meat and I got dark meat. I know it sounds cruel but we have to eat. Gideon comes in walking very slowly, holding his plate ou Everyone is shocked. Gideon is completely unaware of the period that he has been sick.
179) 34) dialog: Why don't you look through his things to see if you can find a number? Okra, Marsh, Hattie, Herman, and M.C. go to Harry's room, leaving Suzie and Gideon sitting opposite each other with door to the kitchen separating them. Junior, the Preacher Pat are eating chicken. Linda is on the phone trying to g through to the morgue.
184) 0) text: The Preacher is SNORING violently. Babe Brother is asleep on the floor. Sunny is asleep sitt on Linda's lap. Linda's feet rest on Babe Brother's chest Junior and Pat are looking at the baby pictures. Pat is holding her hand across her stomach feeling the baby kick Rhonda is asleep in a chair. Suzie and Gideon are sitting at the dining room table. Su is cutting the dead leaves off of a small potted plant.
186) 4) dialog: I think we better be ready. Junior looks concerned as he follows Pat out the door. Su follows Rhonda, who is still mad at him. Babe Brother and Linda are the last ones out. Babe Brother takes a long lo in the direction of Harry as Linda pulls him out. She sla the door.