28) 0) text: Suzie, Gideon, JUNIOR (Gideon's elder son, 35 years old a dark skinned), PAT (Junior's wife, who is expecting, abou 32) and Rhonda are all seated next to one another in the row. The PREACHER is knee-deep in water. He is baptizing group of young people. The members of the church are sing "Take Me To The Water". An Elderly Man who can hardly wal without help is being led down to the pool.
116) 1) dialog: Sister, we've come to see how you were doing. We came to ask if we could pray over Gideon.
117) 0) text: Gideon is asleep. The church members gather around his be The Preacher puts his hand on the foot of the bed and discovers that there is something strange under the cover Suzie looks at him and lifts the covers at the foot of th bed. Gideon's feet are resting on dead leaves.
117) 2) dialog: What else have you been giving him?
117) 4) dialog: Suzie, I would think you would depend on prayer rather than these old fashion remedies. Let us read from the Bible. The Preacher opens his Bible and reads silently. The choi HUMS and begin to sway. Gideon's SNORING is very competit The choir becomes louder. Gideon starts to TALK in his sl Suzie is alarmed. CLOSE UP GIDEON'S EAR. THE SOUND OF A TRAIN WHISTLE IS HEARD.
120) 0) text: The Preacher turns a page in the Bible. Gideon has his mo open like a fish trying to get air. The Choir continues t SING. The Preacher gets down on his knees and holds Gideo hand; he bows his head. The Choir stops singing. The Bess Smith recording of "Muddy Water" is coming from somewhere the house. The Preacher looks around. Suzie is more puzzl She goes to find where the music is coming from.
122) 0) text: The Preacher and the choir all have their hands on Gideon Suzie enters the room.
179) 10) dialog: We had long conversations with the Lord about you. Didn't we, Sister Suzie? I said we need him down here, Lord. Gideon smiles in appreciation. He pushes his plate out to Pat, indicating that he wants it filled with chicken. Gid is about to bite into the chicken when he notices Harry's feet sticking out. He points with the chicken in his hand has a mystified look on his face.
182) 0) text: The Preacher is sleep in his chair, SNORING loudly. Babe Brother and Linda are sitting together, talking in almost whisper. Sunny is asleep in his lap. Babe Brother is find it difficult to apologize for his recent behavior.
184) 0) text: The Preacher is SNORING violently. Babe Brother is asleep on the floor. Sunny is asleep sitt on Linda's lap. Linda's feet rest on Babe Brother's chest Junior and Pat are looking at the baby pictures. Pat is holding her hand across her stomach feeling the baby kick Rhonda is asleep in a chair. Suzie and Gideon are sitting at the dining room table. Su is cutting the dead leaves off of a small potted plant.
184) 14) dialog: I wonder how they going to bury this man.
184) 18) dialog: It is my job to pray for his soul and I would like to do that.