7) 4) dialog: What's that?
7) 7) dialog: If my daddy calls, tell him I walked home.
28) 0) text: Suzie, Gideon, JUNIOR (Gideon's elder son, 35 years old a dark skinned), PAT (Junior's wife, who is expecting, abou 32) and Rhonda are all seated next to one another in the row. The PREACHER is knee-deep in water. He is baptizing group of young people. The members of the church are sing "Take Me To The Water". An Elderly Man who can hardly wal without help is being led down to the pool.
29) 0) text: Suzie, Gideon, Junior, Pat and Rhonda are all seated at t table eating. Babe Brother is standing up. He looks in th pot but doesn't find it to his liking. Junior is irritate his brother.
31) 0) text: Suzie, Gideon, Junior, Pat and Rhonda are still at the ta eating.
56) 0) text: Suzie is peeling apples while Sunny, standing next to her catches peelings in his mouth. Pat is sitting next to the window. She is uncomfortable. She loosens her pants, givi her stomach more room. Rhonda is leaning over the back of chair with her arms around Pat's neck. They are in silhouette.
56) 2) dialog: Yes. (beat) Mama?
56) 4) dialog: Can I name the baby?
69) 0) text: Rhonda is in the background washing dishes. Pat and Junio are sitting at the dining room table, arguing.
77) 0) text: Linda sits with Sunny and Rhonda watching TV.
111) 0) text: Junior is putting up a new light fixture. Pat hands him a tool. Rhonda is washing dishes in the kitchen.
124) 0) text: Rhonda and Sunny are looking under a strawberry plant. Su has strawberry stains around his mouth and on his shirt. Rhonda is putting her strawberries in the bowl. After get a bowl full, they lay on the grass, eating strawberries w looking up at the clouds slowly drifting by.
134) 0) text: Rhonda is painting her fingernails. Sunny watches her. Sh looks around to see if any adult is watching. She tries t talk Sunny into letting her paint his nails. He refuses b she tries to pull his hand towards her. He fights his way free and stands up and kicks the bottle of nail polish ov
134) 1) dialog: Mama, come see what Sunny did.
150) 0) text: Junior is carrying a roll of roofing paper. Pat, Rhonda, Linda and Sunny run to the porch to get out of the rain. Junior stacks the roofing paper in the corner of the porc and stamps the mud off his shoes.
151) 0) text: Junior, Pat, Linda and Rhonda come in to help Suzie move bed from under the rain dripping through the hole in the ceiling.
164) 0) text: He walks by Linda, Pat, Rhonda, and Sunny, who are sleepi in chairs, on the floor and on the sofa.
166) 0) text: Gideon is busy eating almost everything in sight. A group mystified and sleepy faces appear at the door. Pat, Linda Rhonda and Sunny are all looking rather dumbfounded.
169) 2) dialog: He is asleep now, but he was up all night eating. As Suzie goes to Gideon's room, she comes face to face wi Harry. She doesn't say anything.
172) 0) text: Pat, Linda, Junior, Rhonda, Babe Brother, Sunny and Suzie all standing around waiting for Gideon to wake up.
184) 0) text: The Preacher is SNORING violently. Babe Brother is asleep on the floor. Sunny is asleep sitt on Linda's lap. Linda's feet rest on Babe Brother's chest Junior and Pat are looking at the baby pictures. Pat is holding her hand across her stomach feeling the baby kick Rhonda is asleep in a chair. Suzie and Gideon are sitting at the dining room table. Su is cutting the dead leaves off of a small potted plant.
185) 0) text: Rhonda is sitting next to Sunny on the front porch. She h an angry expression. Sunny is trying to please her by offering her his airplane. He pushes the airplane near her and she pushes it back wi violent shove. He persists in offering her his airplane. A crowd of people is still standing around in front of Gideon's house.