1) 0) text: Gideon's bare feet are resting on reddish dry earth. Gide is sitting in his backyard under a fruit tree with a Bibl resting in his hands. His house is a small, neatly painted bungalow in South Central Los Angeles. Corn, tomatoes, other vegetables gro the yard. Chickens scratch around. He slowly awakens; his hands are trembling. He looks arou and sees the chickens. He looks up at the sky and sighs, some relief. SUNNY, Gideon's grandson, five years old, has been watchi him from the back window of the house. He leaves the wind
17) 0) text: Suzie and Babe Brother enter the bedroom where Sunny is sleeping. Suzie gives Babe Brother a blanket to wrap Sunn in.
19) 0) text: The bedroom is tastefully furnished with modern art and paintings by Barns. Babe Brother wakes up with Sunny standing in the doorway looking at him. It takes Babe Brother some time to fully up. Finally he sits reluctantly on the side of the bed and Su comes over and sits next to him, trying to get his weary father interested in his remote-control racing car.
19) 2) dialog: I don't want to be rich. I want to work on the railroad like grandfather.
20) 0) text: Babe Brother, having showered but still wearing his pajam drags himself to the kitchen table where his wife LINDA h huge coffee mug with the inscription, "I'm the boss", wai for him. Linda is about thirty years old and materially oriented l her husband. She is wearing a conservatively cut business dress. Sunny stops playing with his car and gets himself an empt cup. Babe Brother is about to pour him some of his coffee when Linda objects.
30) 0) text: Babe Brother's car, a new Audi, is parked out front. Linda is in the front seat reading a magazine while Sunny asleep in the back seat. Babe Brother sticks his head in window.
33) 0) text: Gideon is looking at the price of laying mash. He digs hi hand into a barrel of scratch. Sunny also digs his hand i the barrel. Suzie is looking at new young plants. She gives the vegetables a thorough going-over. Gideon is standing in line waiting to place his order.
34) 0) text: Sunny looks at the Little Girl in the next car; she has h mouth pressed against the window. She is missing a tooth. Gideon is behind the wheel while Suzie holds her new plan up to the sun, carefully looking at them. Sunny, seated in the back, pokes a hole in the sack of fe The mash trickles to the floor as if from an hour glass.
35) 0) text: Suzie is sitting in front of a table full of jars. Each j has a shoot and is half-filled with water. Gideon is on h knees trying to fix the hinge to a cabinet. Sunny is sitt almost under him listening to him tell stories. Sunny has coffee can full of marbles.
35) 4) dialog: Tell me another story.
35) 6) dialog: Once upon a time, my mommy and daddy lived in this big house that I bought for them. I got them this big car. A strong wind causes the broom handle to knock against th china teapot, KNOCKING IT TO THE FLOOR. Suzie stops Sunny from trying to help pick up the pieces.
38) 7) dialog: I'm sorry.
47) 0) text: Harry slowly walks along the rows in Suzie's garden. He stands by the chicken cage. Suddenly, the chickens start run about and CACKLE as if a dog had gotten in. Harry turns from the chicken coop. He stands still. Sunny hiding behind a bush. Sunny steps around the bush. Harry looks at Sunny with su concentration that Sunny takes a step backward as if gett ready to defend himself. MRS. BAKER, a black woman in her early thirties, comes ou the back porch. She shakes out a rug. She stops shaking t rug and stares at Harry. Harry becomes aware of Mrs. Baker's stare. He comes to himself and smiles at her.
48) 0) text: Harry and Babe Brother are playing cards while Linda watc and Sunny plays by himself on the floor. In the sink is a newspaper full of bloody feathers. A small flame is under pot on the stove. Harry looks at the chicken in the pot a sits back down.
51) 0) text: Babe Brother is sitting with Sunny by the screen door blo giant bubbles. The bubbles drift past Linda, who is sitti at the table with real estate papers all over the table. is talking on the phone with a client and signals them to stop disturbing her. Babe Brother sends more bubbles floating by, causing her shake the water off her papers while she talks to a first time buyer.
56) 0) text: Suzie is peeling apples while Sunny, standing next to her catches peelings in his mouth. Pat is sitting next to the window. She is uncomfortable. She loosens her pants, givi her stomach more room. Rhonda is leaning over the back of chair with her arms around Pat's neck. They are in silhouette.
70) 0) text: Gideon and Sunny are in the garden digging for worms. The chickens
71) 0) text: Gideon is sitting on a rock by the lake. His image is reflected in the lake. He is asleep. Sunny is putting new bait on one of the reels and with a whip of the pole, he casts to the center of the lake. He leans against a tree. Sunny looks at his sleeping grandfather. Gideon has his p legs rolled up. His socks have lost their elastic. His he is resting on his chest. Sunny goes near the water.
72) 1) text: Gideon and Sunny are sitting next to each other. The lake reflects the sky: a deep red. The eerie sound of a long t whistle breaks the silence.
77) 0) text: Linda sits with Sunny and Rhonda watching TV.
112) 0) text: Linda is standing over the stove, sweating as she stirs a pot of boiling soup. Babe Brother and Harry are seated at the table playing ca Sunny is on the floor near his mother. Every time she mov he follows her. Harry notices Sunny has his shoes on the wrong foot and adds in a sarcastic way:
115) 0) text: Linda is reading a book to Sunny, who has his coffee can marbles emptied on the bed. The NOISE from the party in t next room is clearly heard. Every time she hears somethin CRASHING to the floor, she wrenches. Babe Brother comes i and stands in the doorway. Linda's eye is still swollen.
123) 0) text: Junior and Pat are helping Linda carry her baggage inside Sunny reluctantly follows. It is obvious that Linda has l Babe Brother.
123) 1) dialog: I want my daddy.
123) 3) dialog: I want my daddy; I told you.
124) 0) text: Rhonda and Sunny are looking under a strawberry plant. Su has strawberry stains around his mouth and on his shirt. Rhonda is putting her strawberries in the bowl. After get a bowl full, they lay on the grass, eating strawberries w looking up at the clouds slowly drifting by.
134) 0) text: Rhonda is painting her fingernails. Sunny watches her. Sh looks around to see if any adult is watching. She tries t talk Sunny into letting her paint his nails. He refuses b she tries to pull his hand towards her. He fights his way free and stands up and kicks the bottle of nail polish ov
140) 0) text: Harry has a plate of food in his hand. He stands facing himself in the mirror, staring at himself while he eats. opens the door to leave but Sunny is in the hallway with back turned sweeping. Harry stares at him and decides to back in his room.
142) 0) text: Harry sees that it is safe to leave. He sees Sunny sweepi in Gideon's room. Gideon is sound asleep. Sunny is sweepi around the bed.
150) 0) text: Junior is carrying a roll of roofing paper. Pat, Rhonda, Linda and Sunny run to the porch to get out of the rain. Junior stacks the roofing paper in the corner of the porc and stamps the mud off his shoes.
152) 0) text: Sunny stands in the doorway watching his father sharpen h knife that he got from Harry. Babe Brother is unaware tha his son is watching him.
154) 0) text: Babe Brother is preoccupied sharpening his knife with a sharpening stone. He is almost in a trance. Junior comes rather angrily. Sunny goes and sits in the shadows in the dining room.
155) 0) text: Sunny is sitting in a chair listening to his father and u argue in the kitchen. A car outside passes and the lights from the car form a crochet-like moving pattern on the wa behind him. Sunny is only lit for a moment.
164) 0) text: He walks by Linda, Pat, Rhonda, and Sunny, who are sleepi in chairs, on the floor and on the sofa.
166) 0) text: Gideon is busy eating almost everything in sight. A group mystified and sleepy faces appear at the door. Pat, Linda Rhonda and Sunny are all looking rather dumbfounded.
169) 0) text: On seeing Suzie, Sunny jumps up, knocking the can of marb over the kitchen floor. He runs to give Suzie a hug. Sunn wants to touch her bandaged hand, but Linda stops him.
172) 0) text: Pat, Linda, Junior, Rhonda, Babe Brother, Sunny and Suzie all standing around waiting for Gideon to wake up.
182) 0) text: The Preacher is sleep in his chair, SNORING loudly. Babe Brother and Linda are sitting together, talking in almost whisper. Sunny is asleep in his lap. Babe Brother is find it difficult to apologize for his recent behavior.
184) 0) text: The Preacher is SNORING violently. Babe Brother is asleep on the floor. Sunny is asleep sitt on Linda's lap. Linda's feet rest on Babe Brother's chest Junior and Pat are looking at the baby pictures. Pat is holding her hand across her stomach feeling the baby kick Rhonda is asleep in a chair. Suzie and Gideon are sitting at the dining room table. Su is cutting the dead leaves off of a small potted plant.
185) 0) text: Rhonda is sitting next to Sunny on the front porch. She h an angry expression. Sunny is trying to please her by offering her his airplane. He pushes the airplane near her and she pushes it back wi violent shove. He persists in offering her his airplane. A crowd of people is still standing around in front of Gideon's house.