3) 0) text: The room is nearly filled with pregnant women and their husbands. SUZIE, Gideon's wife, late 60's or early 70's, picture of health, is giving a last bit of instruction be the class ends. Some of the people are already preparing leave.
3) 1) dialog: Remember, especially you men, that working together now will already have formed a bond before the child arrives. The woman is very sensitive. Somewhere in the room a Male Voice booms out.
7) 0) text: Suzie opens a letter and a picture of a baby falls out. S looks at the picture before reading the letter. She tries to find a place for it among the other baby pictures that cover the entire mirror on the dresser. Gid comes in and starts to undress.
7) 2) dialog: Everyone is gone. Rhonda is in the bathroom. RHONDA, Gideon's granddaughter, 13 years old, comes out o the bathroom.
7) 6) dialog: It will show up.
7) 8) dialog: You be careful and thank you for looking after Sunny. Sunny is asleep on the sofa with a half-eaten apple ready fall out of his hand.
7) 10) dialog: Don't bother the poor boy. It just takes some people a little longer to figure out who they are.
11) 0) text: Suzie is standing over an egg that just fell on the floor The SCREECHING SOUND of the trumpet from next door is interrupted by the doorbell. Suzie cannot decide on what do, to clean the egg up or answer the door. The doorbell keeps RINGING.
13) 0) text: Suzie invites OFFICER SCOTT and OFFICER DAVIS in. Both me are white and are in their mid-twenties. Officer Davis do most of the questioning.
14) 0) text: Gideon is shaving with a straight razor and humming to himself, obviously in a good mood. Suzie sticks her head
14) 1) dialog: The police are here to talk to you about the chickens. The good mood that Gideon was in dissolves quickly. Gideo wipes the soap off his face and throws the towel down. Su leaves. Gideon brushes his hair and adjusts his bathrobe.
16) 0) text: There is soft knocking on the door. Suzie enter frame wea a robe.
16) 1) dialog: Who is it?
16) 4) dialog: This doesn't make any sense; you are going to drag that poor boy out in the cold air.
17) 0) text: Suzie and Babe Brother enter the bedroom where Sunny is sleeping. Suzie gives Babe Brother a blanket to wrap Sunn in.
17) 5) dialog: Let us settle this tomorrow.
17) 9) dialog: Take Sunny home, please. She pushes Babe Brother away. Babe Brother walks away, staring back at his father.
18) 0) text: Gideon is lying in bed. Suzie gets in beside him.
18) 2) dialog: Go back to sleep.
18) 4) dialog: You all act like two roosters.
18) 6) dialog: You and Babe Brother are so much alike...
18) 8) dialog: Hush.
18) 10) dialog: Hush.
18) 12) dialog: You're going to find yourself on the floor.
23) 0) text: Suzie,is bent over a plant that she is tying to a stick. looks up and sees the sack on the fence. A smile appears her face. She goes over to the fence.
24) 0) text: Old John is about to take up his journey when Suzie stick her head over the fence.
24) 1) dialog: How are you?
24) 3) dialog: It is so considerate of you. Gideon sticks his head over the fence.
24) 9) dialog: I know you didn't but you have been so thoughtful.
24) 11) dialog: I planted a row just for you and you don't owe me anything.
25) 1) text: off in the distance, a man is cutting his lawn. Gideon an Suzie are working in their garden. Other couples working their gardens. Two young men are working on their car, wh is creating a lot of smoke. A group of girls are sitting porch trying to sing while one of the smaller ones is try to learn a step. Skip is on the roof with his radio listening to rap music while his birds circle over head. From time to time he th a rock at them.
26) 4) dialog: Don't push too fast! Breathe! The hard part is over. You can see the top of the head.
26) 6) dialog: Father, give her a hand.
26) 8) dialog: You do your part.
26) 10) dialog: Almost there.
28) 0) text: Suzie, Gideon, JUNIOR (Gideon's elder son, 35 years old a dark skinned), PAT (Junior's wife, who is expecting, abou 32) and Rhonda are all seated next to one another in the row. The PREACHER is knee-deep in water. He is baptizing group of young people. The members of the church are sing "Take Me To The Water". An Elderly Man who can hardly wal without help is being led down to the pool.
29) 0) text: Suzie, Gideon, Junior, Pat and Rhonda are all seated at t table eating. Babe Brother is standing up. He looks in th pot but doesn't find it to his liking. Junior is irritate his brother.
31) 0) text: Suzie, Gideon, Junior, Pat and Rhonda are still at the ta eating.
31) 1) dialog: You know, Babe Brother's wife just dumps greens in the pot without washing them.
31) 4) dialog: Everybody got the same. I breast fed him like I breast fed you.
33) 0) text: Gideon is looking at the price of laying mash. He digs hi hand into a barrel of scratch. Sunny also digs his hand i the barrel. Suzie is looking at new young plants. She gives the vegetables a thorough going-over. Gideon is standing in line waiting to place his order.
34) 0) text: Sunny looks at the Little Girl in the next car; she has h mouth pressed against the window. She is missing a tooth. Gideon is behind the wheel while Suzie holds her new plan up to the sun, carefully looking at them. Sunny, seated in the back, pokes a hole in the sack of fe The mash trickles to the floor as if from an hour glass.
35) 0) text: Suzie is sitting in front of a table full of jars. Each j has a shoot and is half-filled with water. Gideon is on h knees trying to fix the hinge to a cabinet. Sunny is sitt almost under him listening to him tell stories. Sunny has coffee can full of marbles.
35) 3) dialog: You oughtn't tell him stories like that.
35) 7) dialog: You stay back. You might cut your fingers. Suzie looks down sadly at her broken tea pot.
38) 0) text: Suzie comes to the front door; she recognizes Harry right away. She invites him in. Harry stumps his feet on the po several times and then enters.
38) 1) dialog: Harry, I can't believe it is you. Gideon, look who is here. Gideon comes in, wiping his hands. Sunny, carrying the br follows behind.
38) 14) dialog: Stranger my foot, it was my grandmother who helped you into this world.
40) 0) text: Suzie is peeling potatoes and Gideon is ironing.
40) 1) dialog: Poor old Harry, he really must have been worn out. He has been asleep all day. Without anyone being aware, Harry has been standing in th doorway for some time.
40) 3) dialog: You should go back and rest.
40) 7) dialog: One can tell you are from back home. These people nowadays don't know what manners are.
40) 10) dialog: Those days you could always find something redeeming about even the worst person.
40) 12) dialog: I was afraid to go to Marcus Bottom because of him.
44) 0) text: Gideon is paging through the Bible as he stands by the do waiting for Suzie who is watering her plants. Harry comes
45) 0) text: Gideon and Suzie are stepping off the porch. Harry is standing behind the screen door. Gideon and Suzie get in Junior's car. Junior, Pat and Rho wave to Harry as the car pulls away.
46) 1) text: Harry looks through Gideon's and Suzie's private things. looks at the baby pictures that fill the mirror. He reads Suzie's letters that are dated years ago. In one of the letters, he finds a picture of a man standing behind a plough. "Uncle Joe after Ella's death" is written on the back. A picture of a mule holds his interest. He looks at for a long time and carries it with him as he continues h search.
47) 0) text: Harry slowly walks along the rows in Suzie's garden. He stands by the chicken cage. Suddenly, the chickens start run about and CACKLE as if a dog had gotten in. Harry turns from the chicken coop. He stands still. Sunny hiding behind a bush. Sunny steps around the bush. Harry looks at Sunny with su concentration that Sunny takes a step backward as if gett ready to defend himself. MRS. BAKER, a black woman in her early thirties, comes ou the back porch. She shakes out a rug. She stops shaking t rug and stares at Harry. Harry becomes aware of Mrs. Baker's stare. He comes to himself and smiles at her.
56) 0) text: Suzie is peeling apples while Sunny, standing next to her catches peelings in his mouth. Pat is sitting next to the window. She is uncomfortable. She loosens her pants, givi her stomach more room. Rhonda is leaning over the back of chair with her arms around Pat's neck. They are in silhouette.
57) 0) text: Suzie knocks on the door. Harry comes to the door still buttoning his shirt.
57) 1) dialog: I have someone I want you to meet.
58) 0) text: Gideon in the background in the kitchen washing off the vegetables. Suzie and HATTIE are sitting at the table. Ha comes in and is surprised to see Hat tie. Hattie is in he late sixties but looks well. She makes a conscious effort dress plainly.
60) 0) text: M.C. gives Gideon a bear hug, lifting him off his feet. O seeing Suzie, he drops Gideon and rushes over to lift her off her feet.
62) 0) text: M.C. lifts Suzie off the ground twice. He runs over to Ha who does not want to be handled, tries to withdraw but M. forces her to her feet and gives a big bear hug. Hattie h series of squinting attacks. M.C. squints in return.
63) 0) text: Suzie, Gideon and Hattie are seated at the table while M. bounces from one end of the table to the other. One momen is on his knees and next moment he is leaning over someon flick his ashes in the ashtray on the table. Hattie hates when he comes near her. Harry and Herman sit together in the corner chewing on starch.
63) 5) dialog: I will have to look for it.
63) 9) dialog: Harry, you know everything.
63) 14) dialog: No, but I might have some Indian Chief Tonic.
63) 34) dialog: It would be nice.
64) 0) text: The children of the women in Suzie's natural birth group huddled together SINGING "Ashiine Ca Chew". The voices of women in the next room are audible. The kids go outside t sit on the porch.
73) 0) text: Harry, Babe Brother and Linda come in after staying out a night. Linda looks as though she is about to fall asleep standing up. She awakes and looks at Harry. There is disl in her stare. Suzie and Gideon notice Linda fading away.
73) 1) dialog: Are you feeling well?
73) 3) dialog: He is getting his things together. Babe Brother, you ought to take your wife home so she can get some rest.
74) 0) text: Suzie and Gideon are getting the food ready while Harry, wearing a shirt that looks like it is made of shiny snakeskin, sits in a darkened corner of the room, cutting fingernails with his knife. The door bell rings and Harry slowly walks over to answer door. Suzie puts the punch bowl down and hurries over to the first guests, FRED JENKINS, an elderly black man whom hasn't seen in years, and Esme Jenkins, his wife.
74) 1) dialog: Fred Jenkins.
78) 0) text: The noise has gotten louder, everyone talking at the top his voice. Gideon is busy going around to everyone seeing if everyth is okay. Gideon and Suzie have worked up a sweat trying t attend to everyone's needs. Linda rejoins the party. She moves through the crowd and Babe Brother standing next to Harry. She is disappointed stays at a distance. Harry is with a group of people. Marsh tries to get Harry attention.
83) 0) text: Gideon, Babe Brother and Linda are just standing, facing another. Suzie comes out on the porch.
83) 1) dialog: Do you want your coat? It's cold out here.
83) 3) dialog: You better be careful. You'll get a stroke arguing.
83) 5) dialog: Gideon, don't say things like that.
83) 9) dialog: Babe Brother, I'm going to take my hand and hit you across your mouth.
83) 12) dialog: No. Before anyone moves, you two shake hands and don't carry it any further. Linda gives Babe Brother a jab with her elbow. His hand reaches out to Gideon.
85) 7) dialog: She has a fish bone caught in her throat. Could all of you go in the other room? Gideon, get some bread and toast it quickly and find me the cod liver oil. The twin is holding her throat and PANTING like a fish ou water. She is in a lot of pain. William, the twin brother standing at the door with a tragic face.
90) 0) text: Suzie gets up to turn off the coffee kettle. When the ket WHISTLE dies away, the sound of Gideon's VOICE is heard calling Suzie for help. The sound of his voice frightens
91) 0) text: Suzie bursts into the room and then moves very slowly to Gideon, who is sitting on the bed out of breath.
91) 2) dialog: Just stay in bed and rest.
91) 4) dialog: You stay inside. I will see to them.
92) 0) text: Suzie and Junior are sitting at the dining room table. Ha looking like he has just gotten out of bed, drags himself
92) 2) dialog: Tolerable well.
92) 5) dialog: He wasn't able to get out of bed today.
92) 7) dialog: He has never gotten rid of the malaria. He is usually up and at it the next day. I'm going to make him fresh chicken broth.
93) 0) text: The pigeons take to the air like an explosion. The chicke start to CACKLE and run about as Harry reaches for one wi his cane. The SOUND of the boy next door practicing with trumpet adds to the bedlam. Suzie is standing on the steps, shouting to Harry. The no of the panicked chickens and the boy playing the trumpet door drown out Suzie's voice. Not getting Harry's attenti she hurries down the steps. Harry has caught a hen that is SCREAMING her head off. He looks around and finds Suzie hurrying towards him.
93) 1) dialog: Can you watch Gideon for a while? One of the girls is going into labor. Junior is going to drive me over.
94) 0) text: Suzie and another woman who will be helping her are aslee Suzie is in the chair and the woman is asleep on the floo The woman who is in labor is reading a magazine and seems somewhat bored.
99) 0) text: Suzie is walking slowly up the steps.
100) 0) text: Suzie raises the window shade and is shocked to see the s that Gideon is in.
100) 1) dialog: Oh my Lord!
101) 0) text: The room is crowded with people. Suzie is putting Gideon' shirt on. Harry is leaning against the door. After having his shirt on, Suzie puts his house shoes on and directs B Brother and Junior to hold him up while she tucks his shi in and puts on his suspenders. It takes almost everyone to hoist Gideon. Linda and Pat p the bed and night-stand out of the way as Babe Brother an Junior struggle to lift Gideon. They almost stumble at th door. Harry is left standing in the room alone.
103) 0) text: Suzie, Junior and Pat are standing around Gideon's bed. H in a room full of old veterans who are apparently nearing end. Two old veterans, one white and the other black, sitting opposite each other wearing medals, sit in silence starin into each other's eyes. A nurse empties an old man's urine bag. The old man doesn show any embarrassment about his predicament. Gideon look how the patients are treated.
105) 0) text: A moth flies around the light casting a shadow that float over everything. Suzie turns out the kitchen light and th turns out the dining-room light. She goes to her room and closes the door, leaving the room dark. A car headlight passing outside casts a moving pattern that moves along t wall. The light reveals Harry's presence standing in the hall doorway.
107) 0) text: Suzie is holding the door open while Gideon is carried in Junior and Babe Brother. Gideon is led to a chair. He sti looks awful.
107) 2) dialog: Well, you look better than you did yesterday.
107) 9) dialog: Let me get you a cup?
109) 0) text: Gideon and Suzie are in silhouette against the window. The SOUND of the boy trying to play his horn next door startles Gideon. Gideon turns to look out of the window towards Mrs. Baker's house.
109) 2) dialog: You must have been really sick.
109) 4) dialog: I need to get out there and get those weeds out.
110) 0) text: Suzie helps Gideon to undress. Gideon loses hit balance b catches himself on the side of the bed.
116) 0) text: Five weighty Women, dressed in church robes, and the Prea walk up Gideon's steps. Suzie invites the church members in.
117) 0) text: Gideon is asleep. The church members gather around his be The Preacher puts his hand on the foot of the bed and discovers that there is something strange under the cover Suzie looks at him and lifts the covers at the foot of th bed. Gideon's feet are resting on dead leaves.
117) 1) dialog: I put some Plummer Christian Leaves under his feet to draw the fever out.
117) 3) dialog: I crossed his stomach with cold oil and gave him some cow tea.
120) 0) text: The Preacher turns a page in the Bible. Gideon has his mo open like a fish trying to get air. The Choir continues t SING. The Preacher gets down on his knees and holds Gideo hand; he bows his head. The Choir stops singing. The Bess Smith recording of "Muddy Water" is coming from somewhere the house. The Preacher looks around. Suzie is more puzzl She goes to find where the music is coming from.
121) 0) text: Suzie knocks on the door. No one answers. She peeps in. N one is in the room.
122) 0) text: The Preacher and the choir all have their hands on Gideon Suzie enters the room.
122) 1) dialog: I don't know where that music is coming from.
133) 0) text: A woman is in a squatting position. Suzie and her aide ar holding the woman by the arms.
135) 0) text: Suzie is sitting in a chair; her head is bent forward. Gi is TALKING in his sleep. She awakes and nods off again. H sticks his head in.
135) 2) dialog: As long as he keeps his throat clear, he is able to get some rest.
136) 2) dialog: That is very thoughtful of you. I haven't had time to tend to my garden like I should. Suzie takes the greens and puts them on the counter. She squeezes Okra's hand as a thank you. She pours him a cup coffee. Okra eases down into the chair. He crosses his le and starts massaging his feet. Suzie get herself a cup of coffee and sits opposite him. stretches and tries to hold back a yawn. Okra looks at he a slightly desirous way.
136) 4) dialog: You are very sweet, but Gideon has already taken care of everything in case something happens to him. He has a policy.
136) 6) dialog: Excuse me. I have to go feed my dog. She turns the fire out from under the coffee pot and exit the back door. Okra unties his shoes and begins to massage his feet.
139) 0) text: Two shadows on the wall are facing each other. The shadow are the heads of two women, Suzie and Hattie.
139) 2) dialog: I remember Harry always trying to help someone. He got Lulla's daughter out of trouble. He was always running to the store for someone who couldn't leave the house.
141) 1) dialog: You know Okra asked me to marry him the other evening.
141) 3) dialog: I asked Harry about it. He didn't own up to it. He said he didn't know what got into Okra.
141) 5) dialog: I can't accuse him just dry long 80.
141) 7) dialog: What must I do?
143) 0) text: Harry comes in and Hattie and Suzie stop talking. Harry i aware that he was the subject. The SOUND of the boy next playing his horn is heard.
143) 2) dialog: Good afternoon to you. Harry waits for Hattie to respond but it is obvious that Hattie isn't about to speak to him.
143) 5) dialog: You must have done something to her.
143) 7) dialog: Hattie is a different person now.
143) 9) dialog: I'm glad you brought that up as to who you are. I have to know who is in my house.
143) 11) dialog: Only if you are a good man, a friend. Are you a friend? Harry takes his time in looking for an answer.
145) 1) dialog: I want you to leave. Harry looks sad and suddenly a lot older as if what she s has taken away some of his life.
149) 0) text: Suzie helps him to take his wet coat off. She goes into t kitchen, puts his coat in front of the stove. The knife f out. She picks it up and looks at it like she would throw away but Babe Brother takes it.
149) 2) dialog: What for?
149) 4) dialog: I've heard some foolish things in my life.
149) 6) dialog: Have you lost your mind? Have you thought about your wife and child, not to mention your sick father? And I need your help to move his bed from under the leak in the ceiling.
149) 8) dialog: Don't make me raise my hand to you. You have to see for yourself that you are going in the wrong direction.
149) 10) dialog: I do have a right to ask you to be a little bit better than me and your father because we gave you a better head start. You have no right to complain to us about your not having enough.  (forcefully) You sit right there with your no manners self.
151) 0) text: Junior, Pat, Linda and Rhonda come in to help Suzie move bed from under the rain dripping through the hole in the ceiling.
153) 2) dialog: Brother is in the kitchen.
153) 4) dialog: He said he was busy. He is mad 'cause he wanted to get in the garage to get his things so he could go with Harry. Linda has a surprised look on her face.
157) 0) text: Suzie, Pat and Linda hear the noise coming from the kitch and rush to see what is going on.
158) 0) text: Babe Brother and Junior are both reaching for the knife. Junior is on top of Babe Brother, who is stretched out on table trying to reach the knife. Junior grabs the knife f and Babe Brother flips over to defend himself. Babe Broth grabs Junior's wrist as Junior tries to push the knife against his throat. Suzie comes in and grabs part of the knife with her hand Junior's wrist with her other hand. Pat and Linda try to the two men apart while pleading with Junior. Blood drips from Suzie's hand to the table, forming a poo under Babe Brother's head.
159) 0) text: The automatic doors open and Junior, Babe Brother and Suz enter. There is a long line of people waiting at the registration window as well as groups of people filling o forms. Other patients are seated and waiting patiently to the doctor. Suzie finally gets to the registration window. A NURSE, white, 25, with extremely long fingernails that curve bac around, is surprisingly sympathetic.
159) 2) dialog: I cut my hand.
159) 8) dialog: I have Medicare. The Nurse hands Suzie a form, but Babe Brother takes the form. The Nurse looks again at Babe Brother's head.
162) 0) text: More injured people come but in spite of their condition are told that they have to wait. There is only standing r Junior and Babe Brother are standing next to the wall. On the other side of the room, Suzie is looking quietly a them as if she is in deep thought. Junior walks over to the reception desk.
163) 0) text: Gideon is slowly getting up. He looks around. He calls fo Suzie. He slowly gets to his feet.
168) 0) text: Babe Brother and Junior help Suzie out of the car. She ha her left hand bandaged. They are extremely exhausted. The walk up the porch to find Harry holding the door open.
169) 0) text: On seeing Suzie, Sunny jumps up, knocking the can of marb over the kitchen floor. He runs to give Suzie a hug. Sunn wants to touch her bandaged hand, but Linda stops him.
169) 1) dialog: How is Gideon doing?
170) 0) text: Gideon is SNORING loudly. On the night-stand is a plate w food left on it. Suzie feels his forehead.
172) 0) text: Pat, Linda, Junior, Rhonda, Babe Brother, Sunny and Suzie all standing around waiting for Gideon to wake up.
172) 1) dialog: Gideon. Gideon's only response is to SNORE louder.
173) 0) text: Harry is trying to raise himself from the floor. He pause for a moment and then collapses. Harry is in a lot of pai Harry's body contorts and then remains still. Babe Brother, Junior, Pat, and Linda, Suzie run in. Suzie tries to see if he is alive. Babe Brother tries to give h mouth to mouth resuscitation but Linda pulls him away. Ju tries to push down on Harry's chest. Babe Brother stares down at Harry and then goes slowly ba into the living room. Pat is on the phone dialing the paramedics. Everyone stands around Harry.
177) 0) text: Linda is helping Babe Brother wash Suzie's blood out of h hair. She dries his hair with a towel. Sonny hands Babe Brother a clean shirt, Gideon's shirt. He puts it on.
179) 7) dialog: You better come sit down. You are still sick.
179) 18) dialog: Since this morning.
179) 20) dialog: I cut it on an old rusty knife. Gideon is deeply concerned.
179) 22) dialog: It's healing now. Gideon looks over at his two sons as if to ask them about
184) 0) text: The Preacher is SNORING violently. Babe Brother is asleep on the floor. Sunny is asleep sitt on Linda's lap. Linda's feet rest on Babe Brother's chest Junior and Pat are looking at the baby pictures. Pat is holding her hand across her stomach feeling the baby kick Rhonda is asleep in a chair. Suzie and Gideon are sitting at the dining room table. Su is cutting the dead leaves off of a small potted plant.
184) 1) dialog: It feels like a storm has passed... Hattie read some of Harry's letters to a woman he had a child by. The child had died and he was writing to give her some comfort. Hattie didn't know that deep down at the bottom of Harry's hate, there was some love. The SOUND of Rodney's trumpet is heard but is no longer irritating.
184) 4) dialog: I don't want to hear any joke about colored people being in hell. You're being irreverent.
184) 6) dialog: I don't want to hear any tales about colored people...
184) 8) dialog: I don't care to hear any jokes about people being in hell. This cut on my hand reminds me that it is nothing to laugh at.
186) 2) dialog: Virginia, that is so wonderful of you all!
187) 0) text: Harry's body lies on the floor. On the kitchen sink are Suzie's jars of cuttings, which have developed a maze of roots.