2) 0) text: two enormous men. HECTOR is tall, and there is about him nasty, raw-boned tautness; COLEY is more the anthropoid t long thick arms and a round, iron casing of a belly. They glance down the street, watching incuriously a dust devil swirling in the wind. Now the CAMERA has completed its probe of the town and it denizens. MAIN TITLE and CREDITS are completed...
4) 10) dialog: (blocking doorway) Anything I can do for you?
4) 12) dialog: No.
4) 14) text: He brushes past Coley and enters.
4) 16) text: Coley nods and heads down the street. Hector enters the h
10) 0) text: As Macreedy walks down hotel steps, a station wagon pulls just before him. Tied with a rope to the right front fend is a magnificent eight-point buck. A stain of dry blood w an uneven course down his glossy flank from an unmistakab bullet hole in his shoulder. Two men get out of the car; of them is Coley Trimble. He sees Macreedy coming toward  him. He stands motionless in the center of the narrow  pavement, picking at his nose with the detachment of a ch The other man is broad and excessively masculine as he sw out from behind the wheel. He walks around the car, joini Coley at the curb. Macreedy comes on. The man with Coley  looks at the stranger with colossal indifference, as  expressionless as the soil of Black Rock. His handsome fa under a dusty hunting cap, is taut and hard and wind-shav Next to Coley he stands motionless, except for the wisp o smoke from a black Cuban cigarette between his thin lips. b.g., the loafers who had been ensconced in the hotel lob move out the door and stand on the porch. They watch Macr Coley and Reno Smith, the handsome, taut-faced man. Silen soems to settle over everything. It is Macreedy who break it...
10) 2) text: Gently he walks around Coley and Reno Smith and continues down the street. Coley's eyes follow him. Smith goes up t steps of the hotel and enters the lobby. Coley quickly fo him. The loafers on the porch go back inside.
11) 2) text: Smith doesn't answer; he looks up thoughtfully. His eyes  harden almost imperceptibly as he sees Coley, across the  narrow room, looking out the window after Macreedy.
11) 4) dialog: (spinning to face him) I was only...
11) 6) text: Coley sits in the nearest chair. Beyond Smith, still rest easily against the high counter of Pete's desk, the gigan figure of Hector appears at the top of the stairs. He com down and joins Smith.
14) 0) text: Smith, Coley, Hector, Pete, Doc, Sam et al are still in  evidence. Smith is in a tight little group at the desk wi Coley, Hector and Pete. Doc has taken a position at the  window, looking out. Hastings bursts in and half-runs to  Smith...
14) 9) dialog: (after a beat) Who's Gandi?
14) 10) text: Smith looks at Coley, trying to decide if the question in any way challenges his authority. He concludes not...
14) 15) dialog: Maybe he's just passing through.
14) 22) dialog: (after a beat) What do we do?
21) 0) text: with Doc, Sam, Coley, Hector and Pete on the porch. Hasti runs up the steps, pausing momentarily. His jaws move, bu CAMERA is too far away to pick up his obvious question. C gestures toward the jail; then Hastings turns and runs do the steps followed by Doc et al.
23) 7) dialog: I'll tell you where...
24) 2) dialog: (takes a breath, then) I think Macreedy's a nothing. A  nobody.
24) 4) dialog: So there's nothing to worry about.
24) 6) dialog: (squirming) But what can he find out? That Komako  was...? (Smith glares at him) Suppose he finds out?
24) 8) text: Coley is terribly preoccupied, balances himself, like a c on a steel rail.
24) 10) dialog: (galvanized from the  rail) Huh?
24) 22) dialog: (grimly) Not me.
24) 30) dialog: It's too late for that. (belligerently, slowly,  at Pete) He's in this, and he ain't running  no place.
26) 12) dialog: climbs down from the pinnacle of the cliff and enters a b powerful '36 Packard sedan.
26) 14) dialog: turns on the ignition.
28) 3) text: Coley is flustered, his face blood-shot with fury. He see to generate an atmosphere of vicious, cruel craziness; th wild smile across his mouth is almost sensual, obscene. H floorboards the Packard. Like some monstrous battering ra the heavy car smashes into the jeep's rear bumper, kickin the smaller vehicle jerkily ahead. Coley floorboards the pedal, again. Each time he slams into the jeep with sicke force, with the brutal abrasion of metal pounding metal.
28) 5) text: standing at the edge of the road, peering down at him. In b.g., the Packard. Coley turns emphatically, gets into ca drives off.
30) 0) text: Macreedy is about to go up the steps when he sees Coley's car at the curb. Both right fenders are creased. An ugly, jagged break has split the front bumper almost in half, o part angling crazily toward the sky, the other drooping i the dust of the road. Smith and Coley come out of the hot They stand on the porch, watching Macreedy as he in turn  watches the car. They exchange a glance. Smith nods, so..
30) 1) dialog: Well, if it's not Macreedy - the  world's champion road hog.
30) 4) dialog: But such an unfriendly one. Now why  did you want to crowd me off the  road?
30) 6) dialog: Look what you did to my car.
30) 8) dialog: You ought to be careful, man -- all  that one-arm driving.
30) 10) dialog: It's a threat to life and limb.
30) 12) dialog: You could get yourself killed that  way -- nosin' all over the  countryside.
30) 14) dialog: Why that's pretty smart of you. How  long you intend to keep it up?
44) 46) text: The door of the Bar &amp; Grill opens. Smith and Coley en They walk to Macreedy, stopping just a few feet behind hi
44) 47) dialog: (to Macreedy, with  menacing friendliness) You still around? I thought you didn't  like this place.
44) 49) dialog: Staying put.
44) 52) dialog: (to Smith, gesturing  a thumb toward  Macreedy) No comment, he says. No comment, and  all the time he's got my chair.
44) 53) text: Macreedy smiles tiredly. He half turns toward Coley.
44) 55) text: He gets up, with his chili, and sits down three stools aw Coley straddles the stool Macreedy has vacated. He squirm on it, his movements exaggerated. Now he spins to face Sm
44) 56) dialog: This seat ain't comfortable.
44) 58) dialog: I think I'd like the seat you're on.
44) 61) text: Coley opens his mouth but, realizing he has been  outmaneuvered, closes it again. The loafers in b.g. are  silent, watching. Sam, seemingly oblivious to Coley's pre on Macreedy, places a bottle of ketchup in front of the  stranger. Coley gets up slowly and walks stiff-legged to  Macreedy. He takes the bottle of ketchup and, without rem the cap, upends it over Macreedy's plate. The cap is drow in a deluge of ketchup which overflows the plate and runs onto the counter.
44) 62) dialog: (to Macreedy) I hope that ain't too much.
44) 65) dialog: That's me all over. I'm half hoss,  half alligator. Mess with me, I'll  kick a lung outta you. What do you  think of that?
44) 67) dialog: Talking to you is like pulling teeth.  You wear me out. (loudly, after a beat) You're a yellow-bellied Jap lover.  Am I right or wrong?
44) 69) dialog: You don't like my voice?
44) 74) dialog: Before that happens, couldn't I pick  a fight with you if I tied one hand  behind me...?
44) 75) text: Macreedy rises to go out. As he passes Coley, Coley takes his limp left arm and spins him slowly but firmly around. The two men face each other.
44) 76) dialog: If I tied both hands...?
44) 77) text: Macreedy shakes free of Coley's grasp. Coley lunges. His right fist streaks toward Macreedy's face. Macreedy ducks weaving with the punch. He grabs Coley's belt, twisting  Coley's body. The momentum of the swing throws Coley off  balance. As he goes past Macreedy, the stranger tugs at h belt, twisting him to one side. He plants his left foot f on the toes of Coley's left boot, for a split second anch Coley in place. He chops the under side of his open hand a short, vicious arc that lands solidly under Coley's ear With the same motion, he brings the heel of his hand hard against and slightly under the tip of Coley's nose. The  cartilage shatters. Blood spills down his face. Following through, Macreedy's elbow smashes beneath Coley's cheekbo Macreedy's arm goes past the astonished, wind-burned face finding Coley's right wrist. He jerks the wrist out and  backward. It snaps. Coley whimpers, his face twisted in p and perplexity. His body lolls forward. Macreedy steps ba He raises his right shoulder a few inches. His bent right arm drives up like a piston attached to the shoulder's li Fist and arm seem all one rigid piece with only the limbe shoulder giving them motion. The fist strikes Coley's fac covering for a moment one side of his chin and a corner o his mouth between cheekbone and jawbone. Coley shuts his  eyes and falls unconscious. Smith, a puzzled expression on his face, watches Coley fa He takes half a step toward him. Macreedy looks at Smith. Smith stops. Macreedy's face is wooden, with a trace of  sullenness around the hard lines of his mouth. Working  methodically, Macreedy frisks Coley. He takes from a pock a long, ugly knife. He snaps the spring and the four-inch blade leaps into place. He looks at the knife in his hand and then at Smith. He smiles gently, even dreamily.
44) 79) text: Macreedy walks slowly toward him, holding the knife. The only three feet apart. Smith's hand goes to a pocket, clo inside over the outline of a pistol. Sam glances from Mac to Smith to the unconscious Coley. He sidles toward the d and runs out fast. (NOTE: From this point to end of scene INTERCUT from Macreedy and Smith to exploit the reactions the loafers at the bar.)
44) 88) text: He goes to Coley, bending down over him. Smith has remain motionless as a monument. Now he doubles shut the knife i his hand. He pockets it, and without even glancing at Col turns quickly and goes out.
71) 0) text: In one of the two cells are Coley and Hector. In the othe Sam and Hastings.