2) 0) text: two enormous men. HECTOR is tall, and there is about him nasty, raw-boned tautness; COLEY is more the anthropoid t long thick arms and a round, iron casing of a belly. They glance down the street, watching incuriously a dust devil swirling in the wind. Now the CAMERA has completed its probe of the town and it denizens. MAIN TITLE and CREDITS are completed...
4) 9) text: No reaction from Hector.
4) 15) dialog: (turning to Coley) Find Smith!
4) 16) text: Coley nods and heads down the street. Hector enters the h
5) 0) text: It is a typical small town hotel, but crummier, with a ti lobby. Macreedy is waiting at the empty desk as Hector st in, flopping his enormous bulk into a nicked and mothy ch He picks up a newspaper, but his eyes remain on Macreedy. Macreedy waits patiently for the absent clerk. For a mome he studies the open registration ledger; his eyes rove fr the ink-splotched blotter up over the desk to one of thos World War II banners, the imitation silk now stained and  faded. It depicts a shrieking eagle rampant, clutching Th Flag in a claw. Under it, the legend:
5) 31) dialog: glowering at Pete.
5) 36) text: Macreedy nods, reaches for the bag at his feet. Then he  hesitates, looks at Hector.
5) 38) dialog: (slowly, his eyes  glued to Macreedy's  stiff arm) You look like you need a hand.
5) 39) text: Macreedy says nothing. The wales along his face harden. H picks up his bag and climbs the stairs. As he disappears, Hector lumbers to the desk and grabs the ledger.
5) 40) dialog: (reading aloud) John J. Macreedy. From Los Angeles. (looking up) I wanna know everything he does,  Pete. Check every call -- any mail.
5) 42) dialog: (grinning harshly) In the meantime, I'll crowd him a  little... (looking up the stairs) ...see if he's got any iron in his  blood...
8) 0) text: Next to the door, in the corner of the small, sparsely  furnished room is Macreedy's suitcase, open, its contents askew and scattered over the dusty floor. On the bed spra Hector David, his gigantic body straining the springs. He lies on his back, hands clasped easily under his head, th legs crossed, his Stetson tilted over his low forehead. H is completely unconcerned by Macreedy's entrance. For a m Macreedy stares at him. Then...
8) 2) dialog: (not budging) You think so?
8) 3) text: Slowly, his eyes still on Macreedy, Hector takes off his  elaborate wrist watch and slides it gently into his pants pocket.
8) 4) dialog: What else you got on your mind?
8) 7) dialog: If you had a mind, boy, you'd of  heard what Pete downstairs said. He  said these here rooms are for us  cowboys. For our every wish and  comfort.
8) 9) dialog: When I'm in town. And I'm in town,  as any fool can see. You see that,  don't you, boy?
8) 11) dialog: Not at all. But if you want this  room real bad... (he raises his enormous  bulk to a sitting  position, rubbing  the knuckles of one  big fist with the  palm of his other  hand) ...we could maybe settle your claim  without all this talk. (no answer from  Macreedy) If a man don't claim what's rightfully  his'n, he's nuthin'. What do you  think?
8) 13) dialog: You guess so. But still you ain't  claimin' this room?
8) 15) dialog: You're all the time guessin', boy.  Don't you ever know anything?
8) 17) dialog: (after a beat, slowly) I guess I don't rightly know.
11) 6) text: Coley sits in the nearest chair. Beyond Smith, still rest easily against the high counter of Pete's desk, the gigan figure of Hector appears at the top of the stairs. He com down and joins Smith.
11) 7) dialog: (after a pause) Pretty cool guy.
11) 9) dialog: (frowning) That's it -- that's just it. He pushes  too easy. Maybe we oughtta...
11) 15) dialog: (suddenly towering  over Doc) What're you tryin' to say?
14) 0) text: Smith, Coley, Hector, Pete, Doc, Sam et al are still in  evidence. Smith is in a tight little group at the desk wi Coley, Hector and Pete. Doc has taken a position at the  window, looking out. Hastings bursts in and half-runs to  Smith...
14) 12) dialog: (slightly worried) He'll get us the dope?
14) 14) dialog: It's just, I don't like it.
14) 16) dialog: Don't bet on it. He can only mean  trouble.
14) 18) dialog: (doggedly) We oughtta see him... talk to him.
14) 20) dialog: (uncomfortably) I only thought...
21) 0) text: with Doc, Sam, Coley, Hector and Pete on the porch. Hasti runs up the steps, pausing momentarily. His jaws move, bu CAMERA is too far away to pick up his obvious question. C gestures toward the jail; then Hastings turns and runs do the steps followed by Doc et al.
23) 1) dialog: (to Smith) From L.A.?
23) 4) dialog: (to Smith) What does he say? Who is this guy?
24) 0) text: In b.g. at a respectful distance are Hector, Sam and Hast SHOOT parallel to tracks, which disappear far into the  horizon. The following dialogue is delivered in an undertone...
29) 0) dialog: his long face even more horsey than usual, with half an a in his mouth. He stands in front of the grocery store, wi the baskets of fruit on the sidewalk. He looks up, stops  crunching.
43) 4) text: Again he presses the ignition switch. Nothing. And sudden in b.g., the great bulk of Hector David looms up, leaning against the porch pillar at the corner of the alleyway. H expression is almost dreamy. For a moment he stands there while Macreedy toys with the ignition and the sick engine wheezes and grinds. Then he ambles up to the hearse...
43) 5) dialog: (gratuitously) Could be the wirin'. Why don't you  look under the hood?
43) 12) text: Macreedy takes the cigarette, lighting a match with one h He puts the fire to Doc's smoke and then lights his own. inhales, exhales, thinking. Finally... Macreedy gets out of the car. Hector has already opened t hood. Doc peers nervously over his shoulder. As they stud the engine, Hector's horsey face appears behind them. He  gestures toward the engine.
43) 15) dialog: It's the wirin', like I said. Now  wasn't that a good guess?
43) 18) text: Ignoring Hector, he bends over the engine, controlling hi obvious awareness that Hector has fouled up the ignition.
43) 19) dialog: Easy. Unless, of course, this here  wire... (reaching inside the  hood, pointing) ...got broke or something.
43) 21) text: Hector's eyes go hard. He reaches out suddenly, one great hand closing over the distributor cap. He yanks, ripping feed wires out of their sockets.
43) 22) dialog: (triumphantly, holding  up the wires) Yep. It's the wirin'.
45) 0) text: Doc sits deep in the battered upholstery of one of the ch He stares fiercely across the room at Smith who is on the couch, reading a neatly folded newspaper. Behind him at t clerk's desk, Pete is fitfully involved in a game of  solitaire. At the foot of the stairs Hector is pouring ch into a slot machine. It whines, grinds, and clicks with  rhythmic monotony, but it never seems to pay off. In the  chair nearest Doc is Tim, with one of his boots off. He w hard and with some concentration, removing the other. The he places them neatly at the foot of his chair. He wiggle his toes -- watching them with some interest. The wheeze and whir of the slot machine stops. The sudden silence turns the eyes of the men toward Hector and the o arm bandit. They follow his gaze up the steps.
45) 8) text: Smith coolly continues to read his paper. It is Hector wh turns toward Doc...
45) 9) dialog: (to Doc, jerking a  fat hand toward  Macreedy) Your friend's pretty tough.
45) 16) text: Doc follows his gaze as Hastings enters the lobby and loo around. He sees Macreedy coming toward him. He walks rigi in an arc past Macreedy to Smith. He holds out a Postal  Telegraph form. Smith puts down his paper and takes it.  Macreedy, followed by Doc, goes over to Smith. Tim in his stockinged feet joins them. Smith scans the message. He looks up to meet Macreedy's g Smith rises. Hector swaggers over from the slot machine.  Hastings slips around the back of the couch, protected by the barricade of Hector's great body.
45) 29) dialog: Don't be a jerk, Tim.
45) 34) text: He reaches out, clawing the badge from Tim's chest. He ja it on Hector's vest.
45) 38) text: Hector moves his elephantine bulk within inches of Macree
45) 39) dialog: Now. You want to register a complaint?
45) 40) text: Macreedy doesn't answer. Hector takes the message from Ti limp hand and tears it into little pieces.
45) 41) dialog: To register a complaint, boy, you've  got to have evidence. You got  evidence?
45) 43) dialog: You got a big mouth, boy, makin'  accusations, disturbin' the peace.  There's laws in this county protectin'  innocent folks from big mouths. Why,  I'd just hate to...
46) 0) text: Pete and Doc are nervously alert, drained of energy, wait Hector is downright bored. He toys with his pistol, squin at it, twirling the barrel. Finding neither interest nor  pleasure in the piece, he jams it back in his holster and strolls with exaggerated surety out on the porch.
47) 0) text: The congregation of loafers look up as Hector emerges. Im with his own bullying importance, he draws the pistol,  maneuvers an extravagant pinwheel and a few other gaudy  tricks. Then he sighs as boredom again takes over. He wal down the steps to catch a bit of air.
48) 0) text: The disappearance of Hector (o.s.) down the street galvan them into action. They hurry out of the lobby toward the  back of the hotel.
49) 1) dialog: His hand goes to a pocket and comes out with a crumpled h pack of cigarettes. Suddenly the movement is arrested;  something at the other end of the street captures his ble attention.
51) 2) text: Hector stops, turns to face Pete. He hesitates, then...
51) 3) dialog: Hmmmm?
51) 4) text: Then, with a final glance at the jeep, Hector lumbers to  Pete, who disappears inside the hallway.
52) 0) text: as Hector enters and stops. Pete quickly closes the door  behind him and walks toward the lobby, attempting to draw Hector toward the black alcove center screen b.g. But Hec is not to be sucked in. He glares at Pete, waiting. (NOTE The following dialogue is delivered sotto voce.)
52) 1) dialog: What you want?
52) 3) dialog: So...? You want me to tuck him in?
52) 5) dialog: (explaining something  he feels Pete already  knows) Smith said he'd be here at midnight.  He don't want to be disturbed.
52) 7) dialog: You got a match?
52) 9) text: He starts to turn. Hector's pig eyes are slits of suspici Before Pete can move, Hector reaches out, hooking two hea fingers inside a pocket of Pete's shirt. Slowly Hector's  expression changes to one of insidious cunning. His finge come out of Pete's pocket, and between them is a paper bo of matches.
52) 10) dialog: I thought you didn't have a match.
53) 0) text: sweating with frustration. Hector is six feet away, and a too far away for Doc to risk an attack with his lead pipe Doc looks around vaguely, wildly, for another weapon. A  fraction of an inch from his nose is the hose wheel. For split second he hesitates. Then slowly, with infinite car he tightens the heavy brass nozzle and begins to unwind t hose.
54) 0) text: Now Hector is alert. He studies Pete's twitching face.  Elaborately he tears a match from the pack and scratches It takes fire, cupped in the rampart of his big hands. It lights up the hall, and as Hector looks around he sees  something through a mirror -- over his shoulder and six f away Doc materializes out of the shadows of the alcove. A Hector whirls, going for his gun, Doc swings the hose wit sudden deadly aim. It uncoils like a snake, and the brass nozzle crashes with a mighty thud across Hector's skull.  Hector groans. He sinks unconscious to the floor. Doc sta there, paralyzed by his action. Pete tears toward the lob
58) 0) text: as Pete joins Doc. Silently, motionlessly, the two men st for a long moment at Hector -- particularly at the pistol lying beside him. Then they look at each other, and the s thought seems to flash in their minds...
71) 0) text: In one of the two cells are Coley and Hector. In the othe Sam and Hastings.