5) 9) dialog: All filled up.
5) 11) dialog: (stiffly, shaking his  head) This is 1945, mister. There's been a  war on.
5) 14) dialog: Yeah, but the O.P.A. lingers on.
5) 15) text: Macreedy looks down at the open ledger on the desk before him. The clerk reaches out to close it. Gently, yet firml Macreedy stops him, reopening the big book. He studies it finger straying unconsciously inside his collar. He [...] it to relieve the starchy stiffness. Pete begins to fidget...
5) 16) dialog: You don't know about the O.P.A...
5) 18) dialog: Well, for establishments with less'n  fifty rooms hotel keepers got to  report regularly about...
5) 20) dialog: ...about tenants and... and...  registration... (drawing himself up) There are penalties imposed...
5) 23) dialog: (uncomfortable) Well... as I said...
5) 26) dialog: They're everyone of 'em locked up.  Some are show rooms...
5) 28) dialog: (with touching  sincerity) ...for cattle buyers, feed salesmen.  The others -- they're spoken for,  rented to cowboys, ranch hands... (Macreedy listens  respectfully) They pay by the month. For when they  come into town. We provide for their  every wish and comfort. (weakly) You understand...?
5) 30) text: Pete opens his mouth but no sound comes out. [...] at Hec
5) 35) dialog: Head of the stairs.
5) 41) dialog: (nodding) And in the meantime...?
5) 43) text: As Pete bites his lower lip thoughtfully,
9) 13) text: He walks to the desk, smiling at Pete. In b.g., Doc, Sam the loafers watch.
9) 15) text: Pete studies him, then bends under the counter, coming up with a pack. Doc leaves Sam and is slowly walking toward stranger, eyeing him curiously.
9) 16) dialog: This is all.
9) 18) dialog: How long you staying?
9) 20) dialog: I mean, in the hotel.
9) 22) dialog: (flustered) I... I was just askin'.
9) 24) dialog: (doggedly) I was just askin'.
9) 27) text: Now Doc is at the desk not far from Macreedy. Macreedy st out, then turns to Pete.
9) 29) dialog: I don't know.
9) 32) dialog: (refusing to cooperate) But you don't have a car.
9) 36) text: Doc nods. Macreedy smiles and walks toward the door; Pete Doc et al watching him. He goes out.
11) 0) text: The loafers resume their familiar places as Smith walks  briskly to the clerk's desk. Pete, in anticipation, opens the hotel register, places it before Smith
11) 1) dialog: (deferentially,  gesturing toward the  open register) That's all I know about him, Mr.  Smith.
11) 6) text: Coley sits in the nearest chair. Beyond Smith, still rest easily against the high counter of Pete's desk, the gigan figure of Hector appears at the top of the stairs. He com down and joins Smith.
14) 0) text: Smith, Coley, Hector, Pete, Doc, Sam et al are still in  evidence. Smith is in a tight little group at the desk wi Coley, Hector and Pete. Doc has taken a position at the  window, looking out. Hastings bursts in and half-runs to  Smith...
14) 24) text: Pete nods, his brow furrowed uncomfortably in a frown.
21) 0) text: with Doc, Sam, Coley, Hector and Pete on the porch. Hasti runs up the steps, pausing momentarily. His jaws move, bu CAMERA is too far away to pick up his obvious question. C gestures toward the jail; then Hastings turns and runs do the steps followed by Doc et al.
23) 6) dialog: (quietly, after a  beat, to Smith) Where does that leave us?
24) 11) dialog: Why don't we wait...
24) 13) dialog: I mean, maybe he won't find anything.  Maybe he'll just go away.
24) 15) dialog: But there's no danger yet. Let's  wait and see.
24) 17) dialog: (hotly) She's just a kid.
24) 21) text: Pete doesn't answer.
24) 24) dialog: It's not all right! You're so mighty  quick to kill -- he's not an animal!
24) 26) dialog: (squirming) All I said...
24) 28) text: Pete is silent.
24) 31) text: There is a long, electric silence. Pete is defeated.
31) 0) text: The lobby empty except for Pete behind the desk. Macreedy goes to him. Pete seems elaborately occupied arranging an re-arranging a few file cards. Smith enters the lobby. He stands in b.g. watching Macreedy and the desk clerk.
31) 2) dialog: (looking up) What...?
31) 4) dialog: You're checking out?
31) 6) dialog: Nothing till tomorrow morning. The  streamliner.
31) 8) dialog: Tomorrow. After the streamliner.
31) 10) dialog: Closest stop is Sand City -- thirty- two miles away. (a beat) You're in such a hurry, you should  have never got off here.
31) 12) text: He turns, walks toward porch. Pete looks at Smith. Smith' eyes follow Macreedy.
41) 0) text: a cubbyhole behind the hotel clerk's desk in the lobby. A the switchboard is Pete, and above him tacked on the wall the sign:
41) 2) dialog: (into phone) 4-2-4...? (he looks up)
41) 4) dialog: (into phone) Lines 're busy. (he clicks off the  instrument)
45) 0) text: Doc sits deep in the battered upholstery of one of the ch He stares fiercely across the room at Smith who is on the couch, reading a neatly folded newspaper. Behind him at t clerk's desk, Pete is fitfully involved in a game of  solitaire. At the foot of the stairs Hector is pouring ch into a slot machine. It whines, grinds, and clicks with  rhythmic monotony, but it never seems to pay off. In the  chair nearest Doc is Tim, with one of his boots off. He w hard and with some concentration, removing the other. The he places them neatly at the foot of his chair. He wiggle his toes -- watching them with some interest. The wheeze and whir of the slot machine stops. The sudden silence turns the eyes of the men toward Hector and the o arm bandit. They follow his gaze up the steps.
45) 3) dialog: Nothing.
45) 5) dialog: (returning to his  cards) Nothing.
45) 45) text: He walks out, the new Sheriff strutting beside him, with  Hastings in their wake. For a moment Macreedy, Doc and Ti stand in the center of the lobby. Pete eyes them non- committally and goes back to his solitaire. He glances up now and then, moving the cards with a purposeful sort of  slowness, as of a more natural swiftness restrained by hi preoccupation with the three men in the lobby. Macreedy is deep in thought. Abstractedly he tugs at his  collar and then repeats the ritual of lighting a cigarett Tim's shoulders are slumped. Humiliation has corroded him flesh and soul. Even Doc is momentarily subdued; he too,  feels degraded, unclean. Macreedy looks from one to the o of the good, ineffectual companions that circumstance has haphazardly tossed his way. He takes a few steps to his  suitcase, Doc and Tim trailing him; Doc, for want of some better to do; Tim, out of his deep, inexpressible need fo support. Macreedy takes an untapped bottle of whiskey fro his bag. He thumbs the cork loose and holds the bottle ou to Tim. Tim takes a drink. The light on the clerk's desk goes on, and we are aware t day has gone and that night is falling. The pressing, fie light has drained from the lobby, leaving a shadowy, silv dreariness. The shadows have lengthened and the silver ha tarnished with the darkness.
45) 51) text: Pete comes out from behind the desk, walking from one lam in the lobby to another, turning them on.
45) 56) text: He downs a snort, then looks at Pete, who approaches them
45) 58) text: As Pete turns on the lamp behind Doc, he reacts ever so  slightly to Doc's words. His almost imperceptible grimace not lost on Macreedy. Macreedy watches the young man as h continues to light the lamps...
45) 62) text: Self-consciously Pete has backed off until now he leans  against the outside of the clerk's desk. But he still can shut his ears to what Doc is saying...
45) 72) dialog: (to Doc) You'd be smart to get out, too.
45) 74) dialog: You're a troublesome dummy. You're  liable to end up on your own slab...
45) 76) dialog: Go home, Doc. (he jerks his head  toward Macreedy, and  with mock bravado...) He's all washed up.
45) 78) text: His right hand closes over the neck of the whiskey bottle the end table. Abstractedly fingering it, he walks with t deliberate steps toward Pete at the desk.
45) 80) text: He continues to advance inexorably toward Pete.
45) 81) dialog: (flatly) You shouldn' of got off.
45) 89) text: He is now within a couple of yards of Pete.
45) 90) dialog: (drily) Sure. You're a man of action.
45) 92) text: For a moment Pete stares at Macreedy, terribly disturbed the incisiveness of Macreedy's analysis. Then...
45) 93) dialog: (bitterly) My memories are so pleasant as it  is...
45) 94) text: In sudden frustration, Pete grabs the deck of cards on th clerk's desk and slams them down hard. They scatter. He t stares blankly [...] between Doc and Macreedy.
45) 96) text: Pete doesn't answer.
45) 98) dialog: He got water, plenty. Smith was pretty  sore. He didn't like Japs anyway.
45) 100) dialog: The day after Pearl Harbor, Smith  went to Sand City.
45) 102) dialog: He was sore when he got back. About  ten o'clock he started drinking.
45) 104) dialog: Yeah. Hector joined him, and Coley.  Then Sam, and about nine p.m. -- me.  We were all drunk -- patriotic drunk.  We went out to Komako's for a little  fun, I guess -- scare him a little.
45) 106) dialog: We'd seen him around some, but none  of us knew him. When he heard us  coming, he locked the door. Smith  started a fire. The Jap came running  out. His clothes were burning. Smith  shot him. I didn't even know Smith  had a gun.
45) 108) text: Pete nods helplessly, bowing his head. Macreedy sighs, lo down at the bottle in his hand, slowly puts it on the tab
45) 114) text: Silence. Doc, realizing the enormity of Macreedy's admiss frowns, rubs a hand across his tired eyes. Pete looks at  Macreedy for a long, shocked moment. He shivers.
45) 115) dialog: (awfully) God forgive me...
45) 118) text: Pete is motionless, holding the glass inches from his lip hypnotized by Macreedy's voice, as hard and as cold as hi eyes...
45) 120) text: Macreedy's hand shoots out, in a short, inexorable arc,  smashing his palm across the shot glass. The whiskey burs in a spray, the glass flies halfway across the room,  shattering as it lands against something solid. Pete is  stunned, Doc perplexed, at Macreedy's violence. They star at him... Macreedy's eyes are murky. The creases between the brows  over his nose are deep. His nostrils move in and out with his breathing. Pete and Doc regard him with growing  uneasiness. Rage comes into Macreedy's face, turning it a painful red.
45) 124) text: Pete squirms under Macreedy's relentless attack.
45) 125) dialog: (shaking his head) You don't have to remind me. I've  never forgotten...
45) 127) text: Macreedy grabs the bottle, shoving it across the table to Pete.
45) 129) text: Pete pushes the bottle aside, too ravaged by Macreedy's w and his own thoughts to drink. He shakes his head grimly then, with sudden decision, goes to the switchboard and p in a line.
45) 131) dialog: (into phone, ignoring  Doc) Hello, Liz. Now listen... I... 'm  getting Macreedy out of town...
45) 134) dialog: (into phone) I don't care about Smith! Let him  try to kill me -- I might as well be  dead as...
45) 136) dialog: (into phone,  interrupting) Liz, Liz... There's not much of me  left any more, but however little it  is I won't waste it! (again Liz's voice  briefly; then...) I'm telling you because we need your  help. (again Liz's voice) ...No matter about the past -- you've  got to do this! You'd be saving two  lives, Liz. Macreedy's, and mine. (again Liz answers  and...) All right. Yeah... I've told him  everything.
45) 138) dialog: (flatly) She'll be here in five minutes.
46) 0) text: Pete and Doc are nervously alert, drained of energy, wait Hector is downright bored. He toys with his pistol, squin at it, twirling the barrel. Finding neither interest nor  pleasure in the piece, he jams it back in his holster and strolls with exaggerated surety out on the porch.
50) 0) text: At the far end b.g., toward the lobby, a single unshaded  light bulb burns dully. A slight figure stands in f.g. To one side is a narrow U-shaped alcove blanketed in heavy  shadows. The features of the man in the hall and the slim lines of his body blend vaguely in the darkness. With eno care, he turns a knob and opens the door leading to the a behind the hotel. Light thrown by the back windows reveal that the figure is Pete. The same pallid light from the a glancing across the alcove, momentarily illuminates it. G as close to the recessed wall as is humanly possible is D He is partially shielded by one of those hotel hose wheel around which an old fire hose is wound. The heavy brass n of the hose hangs from the end. Doc grips a twelve-inch length of lead pipe. Pete swallow nervously and peers outside, first to the right, then to left. His eyes glaze with fear, and his jaw tightens with tension.
51) 1) dialog: (controlling his  jangled nerves) Hector!
51) 2) text: Hector stops, turns to face Pete. He hesitates, then...
51) 4) text: Then, with a final glance at the jeep, Hector lumbers to  Pete, who disappears inside the hallway.
52) 0) text: as Hector enters and stops. Pete quickly closes the door  behind him and walks toward the lobby, attempting to draw Hector toward the black alcove center screen b.g. But Hec is not to be sucked in. He glares at Pete, waiting. (NOTE The following dialogue is delivered sotto voce.)
52) 2) dialog: He's still in his room. Macreedy, I  mean.
52) 4) dialog: I thought maybe you wanted to tell  Smith.
52) 6) text: He jams a cigarette in his mouth. Pete watches him franti as he searches his pockets for a match. He can't find one
52) 8) dialog: Come on. I got some in the lobby.
52) 9) text: He starts to turn. Hector's pig eyes are slits of suspici Before Pete can move, Hector reaches out, hooking two hea fingers inside a pocket of Pete's shirt. Slowly Hector's  expression changes to one of insidious cunning. His finge come out of Pete's pocket, and between them is a paper bo of matches.
52) 11) text: Pete is unable to answer. He is scared to death.
54) 0) text: Now Hector is alert. He studies Pete's twitching face.  Elaborately he tears a match from the pack and scratches It takes fire, cupped in the rampart of his big hands. It lights up the hall, and as Hector looks around he sees  something through a mirror -- over his shoulder and six f away Doc materializes out of the shadows of the alcove. A Hector whirls, going for his gun, Doc swings the hose wit sudden deadly aim. It uncoils like a snake, and the brass nozzle crashes with a mighty thud across Hector's skull.  Hector groans. He sinks unconscious to the floor. Doc sta there, paralyzed by his action. Pete tears toward the lob
55) 0) text: as Pete rushes in. He moves directly to the desk, leans o and presses the buzzer behind the desk three times. He tu and runs back toward the rear of the building.
58) 0) text: as Pete joins Doc. Silently, motionlessly, the two men st for a long moment at Hector -- particularly at the pistol lying beside him. Then they look at each other, and the s thought seems to flash in their minds...
70) 9) text: Macreedy swings his rifle from Tim to Smith. Tim lowers h stepping to one side, allowing Smith, covered by Macreedy to enter the jail. He goes in, Doc following. Pete sits  silently at Tim's desk.
71) 4) text: Tim turns his key in the cell door. Macreedy tiredly goes Pete at the desk.
71) 6) text: Pete rises. Macreedy halts him momentarily, gripping his  arm...
71) 8) text: Pete walks dazedly out the door. Tim grabs Smith's should and propels him roughly through the cell door. He slams i hard. As the clatter of the iron door reverberates harshl