9) 0) text: They sit around, each with his own thoughts. They are  generally stolid; only Sam seems nervous. He looks up eag as Doc Velie enters the lobby. As he joins Sam... Sam walks light for a big man, Doc.
9) 2) dialog: (irritated) You know who! (Doc grins impishly;  Sam's anger subsides) What do you think, Doc?
9) 4) dialog: (squirming visibly) Maybe he's a cop, or something...
9) 6) dialog: (squinting thoughtfully) Maybe his arm's all right. Maybe  he's just holding tight to something  in his pocket...
9) 8) dialog: Who, me?
9) 10) text: Sam follows Doc's gaze...
9) 13) text: He walks to the desk, smiling at Pete. In b.g., Doc, Sam the loafers watch.
9) 15) text: Pete studies him, then bends under the counter, coming up with a pack. Doc leaves Sam and is slowly walking toward stranger, eyeing him curiously.
14) 0) text: Smith, Coley, Hector, Pete, Doc, Sam et al are still in  evidence. Smith is in a tight little group at the desk wi Coley, Hector and Pete. Doc has taken a position at the  window, looking out. Hastings bursts in and half-runs to  Smith...
21) 0) text: with Doc, Sam, Coley, Hector and Pete on the porch. Hasti runs up the steps, pausing momentarily. His jaws move, bu CAMERA is too far away to pick up his obvious question. C gestures toward the jail; then Hastings turns and runs do the steps followed by Doc et al.
24) 0) text: In b.g. at a respectful distance are Hector, Sam and Hast SHOOT parallel to tracks, which disappear far into the  horizon. The following dialogue is delivered in an undertone...
29) 1) dialog: at the window of the Bar &amp; Grill, cleaning an ear wit toothpick. He looks out. The toothpick is motionless.
44) 37) text: He looks up, and something makes him hesitate... WHAT HE SEES -- EXT. BAR &amp; GRILL - MACREEDY  stopping in front of the restaurant. On the window large, rough capital letters in water paint proclaim: SAM'S SANITARY BAR &amp; GRILL Macreedy pauses, shrugs and then enters. INT. BAR &amp; GRILL Sam is still working on his finger nails. He evidences li interest in the stranger, but at the bar in b.g. the loaf stiffen. Macreedy takes a stool in front of Sam.
44) 38) dialog: What'll you have?
44) 40) dialog: Chili wit' beans.
44) 42) dialog: Chili wit'out beans.
44) 44) dialog: You don't like the taste, that's  what they make ketchup for.
44) 51) text: He turns again as Sam plops an unseasonable mess of chili front of him.
44) 61) text: Coley opens his mouth but, realizing he has been  outmaneuvered, closes it again. The loafers in b.g. are  silent, watching. Sam, seemingly oblivious to Coley's pre on Macreedy, places a bottle of ketchup in front of the  stranger. Coley gets up slowly and walks stiff-legged to  Macreedy. He takes the bottle of ketchup and, without rem the cap, upends it over Macreedy's plate. The cap is drow in a deluge of ketchup which overflows the plate and runs onto the counter.
44) 77) text: Macreedy shakes free of Coley's grasp. Coley lunges. His right fist streaks toward Macreedy's face. Macreedy ducks weaving with the punch. He grabs Coley's belt, twisting  Coley's body. The momentum of the swing throws Coley off  balance. As he goes past Macreedy, the stranger tugs at h belt, twisting him to one side. He plants his left foot f on the toes of Coley's left boot, for a split second anch Coley in place. He chops the under side of his open hand a short, vicious arc that lands solidly under Coley's ear With the same motion, he brings the heel of his hand hard against and slightly under the tip of Coley's nose. The  cartilage shatters. Blood spills down his face. Following through, Macreedy's elbow smashes beneath Coley's cheekbo Macreedy's arm goes past the astonished, wind-burned face finding Coley's right wrist. He jerks the wrist out and  backward. It snaps. Coley whimpers, his face twisted in p and perplexity. His body lolls forward. Macreedy steps ba He raises his right shoulder a few inches. His bent right arm drives up like a piston attached to the shoulder's li Fist and arm seem all one rigid piece with only the limbe shoulder giving them motion. The fist strikes Coley's fac covering for a moment one side of his chin and a corner o his mouth between cheekbone and jawbone. Coley shuts his  eyes and falls unconscious. Smith, a puzzled expression on his face, watches Coley fa He takes half a step toward him. Macreedy looks at Smith. Smith stops. Macreedy's face is wooden, with a trace of  sullenness around the hard lines of his mouth. Working  methodically, Macreedy frisks Coley. He takes from a pock a long, ugly knife. He snaps the spring and the four-inch blade leaps into place. He looks at the knife in his hand and then at Smith. He smiles gently, even dreamily.
44) 79) text: Macreedy walks slowly toward him, holding the knife. The only three feet apart. Smith's hand goes to a pocket, clo inside over the outline of a pistol. Sam glances from Mac to Smith to the unconscious Coley. He sidles toward the d and runs out fast. (NOTE: From this point to end of scene INTERCUT from Macreedy and Smith to exploit the reactions the loafers at the bar.)
44) 86) text: He walks past Smith and goes out the door. Self-conscious holding the knife, Smith turns to face the loafers at the bar. They say nothing; they stare at him, through him, li a panel of ghouls. The door opens, admitting Sam and Doc, who carries his little black medical bag. Doc looks at Co
50) 0) text: At the far end b.g., toward the lobby, a single unshaded  light bulb burns dully. A slight figure stands in f.g. To one side is a narrow U-shaped alcove blanketed in heavy  shadows. The features of the man in the hall and the slim lines of his body blend vaguely in the darkness. With eno care, he turns a knob and opens the door leading to the a behind the hotel. Light thrown by the back windows reveal that the figure is Pete. The same pallid light from the a glancing across the alcove, momentarily illuminates it. G as close to the recessed wall as is humanly possible is D He is partially shielded by one of those hotel hose wheel around which an old fire hose is wound. The heavy brass n of the hose hangs from the end. Doc grips a twelve-inch length of lead pipe. Pete swallow nervously and peers outside, first to the right, then to left. His eyes glaze with fear, and his jaw tightens with tension.
65) 0) text: lights a match, placing the flame to the dangling end of tie. It catches. He flings himself to his feet and with t same motion whips the fiery bottle like a football, hard straight toward Smith. Smith fires once, fast and wild. T bottle crashes against the rocks at his feet and bursts w a shattering explosion. Smith screams as the razor-sharp  slivers rip his flesh. In a puff of flame, his clothes ig He drops the rifle and goes down, squirming frantically o the black ashy ground.
71) 0) text: In one of the two cells are Coley and Hector. In the othe Sam and Hastings.