6) 5) text: Kyle slips on his coat and heads out the door. But just t Kyle's little brother, IKE, a two year old adopted Canadi boy bounces up next to him.
7) 0) text: Now the three boys, and little Ike, merrily strut down th street and sing in unison.
8) 0) text: This house looks just like all the others.
9) 5) dialog: Baba turtre bad!
11) 22) dialog: Poo baba!
13) 1) dialog: Purpre mama!
13) 16) dialog: Poo bada!
13) 38) dialog: Doky maping she deeder!!!
15) 6) text: Suddenly, all the kids are gathered around the boys. They like celebrities.
23) 9) text: We see a clip from the video, "Unclefucka." The video has Terrance and Phillip dressed like Mase and Puffy in that video they did in Vegas.  They wear shiny bright jumpsuits and lunge at the fish-eye lens of the camera. TERRANCE &amp; PHILLIP (Singing) Shut your fucking face! Unclefucka!!
26) 13) text: And just like that, Wendy is gone. Stan looks almost read cry. Kyle walks up behind Stan.
26) 22) text: Kenny pulls out a book of matches. He strikes a match and holds it under his ass. After a few seconds Kenny farts, and there is a little fl Suddenly, the flames catch and Kenny starts burning alive
42) 7) text: Kenny shakes. Satan turns to a whispy form and flashes ac the room like a serpent, in a millisecond he is right up Kenny's face.
75) 4) text: Stan and Kyle walk into the middle of town, where a HUGE bonfire of Terrance and Phillip videos, posters, and Cana items like syrup and hockey sticks are burning away. The soldiers throw Stan's book on top of the pile, and it starts to burn. Stan and Kyle walk up to where Cartman is standing.
75) 20) text: Kyle looks to where a group of big, mean FIFTH GRADERS ha encircled Ike.
75) 23) dialog: Eee todo ba!
76) 17) text: Ike bounces in, happily.
76) 18) dialog: Ber dada!
76) 20) dialog: Papa mama simi.
76) 21) text: Ike bounces out.
77) 0) text: The door to the attic pops open.  Kyle shoves Ike up into attic.
77) 2) dialog: Uhh...
77) 4) text: The door closes and it is dark. Ike blinks. He looks out a small window, onto the street below. A few armed soldiers walk by. Ike pulls out a little plastic harmonica and sadly starts play.
86) 4) text: Suddenly, a bump in the ground starts to move forward, le a trail behind it. (like bugs bunny before he pops out) The bump comes to a stop at the children's feet and out p THE MOLE.  He is a very bitter little nine year old Frenc kid with a THICK French accent.
93) 0) text: Ike watches the soldiers march from his little attic wind
93) 3) text: Ike blinks.  Does he understand them? he picks up a small book and starts to write in it.
97) 0) text: Helicopters zoom over the makeshift stage like the USO sh in Apocalypse Now. Groups of soldiers cheer as a helicopter approaches the landing platform and touches down.  The US army men cheer The mothers take the stage, and Kyle's mother speaks into microphone. Behind her is a huge American flag. She is wearing an army helmet. This is right out of 'Patton'.
97) 2) text: A big cheer goes through the crowd. Kyle's mother feels t power, and lifts her head high. She starts to pace back a forth on the stage as she speaks, becoming more and more Pattonlike.
97) 6) text: She gestures grandly to the helicopter where Winona Ryder emerges and runs to center stage and waves to the audienc She looks like a strung out coke addict; because she is.
104) 0) text: Satan is looking into a large, oracle-like ball. Saddam i around, but a few demons and Kenny are hanging out.
106) 0) text: Ike is still just sitting quietly in the dark attic. Suddenly, the attic door bursts open!
106) 2) text: Other soldiers file into the attic and grab Ike by the ar
106) 4) dialog: Sibi mammama.
106) 5) text: The American Soldier picks up Ike.
106) 7) text: The soldiers drag Ike down the stairs.
109) 8) text: Stan falls to the ground. His face plops in the rainy mud his head smacks against a rock. Stan is out cold. Just then, a strange sound emerges. It is like a pulsatin WOBBLE. Stan slowly awakes, picks up his head and shines flashlight around.
110) 14) text: Now Ike is brought out at gunpoint.
112) 2) text: The executioner throws the switch and Terrance and Philli start to fry. Kyle, Cartman and Ike, in their chairs, loo horrified.
112) 8) text: Suddenly, FWWOOOMMM!!! A Bomb lands in the middle of the army. BLAM!! It explodes with incredible force, sending d bodies in all directions. Canadian military planes zoom overhead! It's a full scale attack!! From a HIGH ANGLE we see the soldiers all scatter like bu in every direction.
112) 15) text: Finally, Cartman is blown clear of the electricity. Kyle picks him up and starts to run along with Ike.
116) 0) text: From an EXTREME WIDE SHOT, we see all the forces on both sides exchange firepower. The Canadian National anthem ca heard in the distance. We see Mr. Mackey looking like a natural born killer.  He shoots like a maniac into the Canadians.  He wounds one a then marches over to the wriggling body with a knife.
118) 0) text: As more bombs and gunshots go off. Kyle, Cartman and Ike huddle close to each other in a trench.
118) 4) dialog: Baba mama!
119) 44) text: Saddam smacks Satan in the face. Now Satan looks mad, but sits down like a good little bitch.
119) 72) text: Cartman closes his eyes and hums like he's summoning up t worst words in the world. Then, it comes out.  Like a volcano.
119) 134) text: A bright red light flashes and Satan and his minions are dragged back down into hell. Kenny is taken along with th At the same time, Garrison, Jimbo, Mackey and all the oth who died, suddenly and magically appear. They look at themselves, wondering what just happened. Everyone just stands around in a daze. Canadians and Americans alike look at each other and wonder what to do.