2) 2) text: From the back, we see the blond haired kid sit up from hi bed. He stretches, and then walks over to his closet. We still only see the boy from the back as he reaches in closet and pulls out an orange coat. The kid puts his coat on, then turns to camera and pulls hood shut, so that we never get a good look at his face.
15) 3) text: All the kids gasp! Dramatic MUSIC STING.
15) 6) text: Suddenly, all the kids are gathered around the boys. They like celebrities.
15) 8) text: All the kids stop, wide eyed. As if they've just hear the voice of God.
15) 13) text: The other kids nod.
15) 24) text: Just then, another kid skates up, spraying more ice in St face. His name is GREGORY, and he is a very handsome eigh year old boy, with golden hair and an open-buttoned shirt speaks with a rich English accent.
15) 37) text: Meanwhile, the schoolkids are all still gathered around Cartman.
18) 0) text: The kids of South Park are all in their seats, singing.
18) 2) text: The door opens, and suddenly the kids quiet down. CLOSE-UP on a hand puppet with a large red hat. It seems be speaking.
18) 16) text: The kids all GASP!
20) 0) text: The other school kids are in line for lunch. Just then, the Kyle's mother's voice comes blaring throug the P.A.
20) 2) text: The kids look down. They're all wearing Terrance and Phil shirts.
20) 4) text: The kids all cheer and run out the door. Leaving the cafeteria absolutely empty... Except for Wendy.
22) 4) dialog: Oh, fuck that, why should I fucking have to spell forensics?
22) 5) text: All the kids cheer.
22) 6) dialog: Here you go; S-U-C-K-M-Y-A-S-S, FORENSICS.
23) 0) text: A happy birthday party is going on is some kids backyard. clown is entertaining everyone.
44) 0) text: The kids are sitting in chairs in a circle.  There are an drug signs on the walls: "Crack is Whack"; "Get High on Pottery"; and, "I Go From Zero to Bitch in .9 Seconds." MACKEY, the wiry school counselor, leads the group.  Ther a pottery wheel and lots of craft tables behind them.
44) 19) text: The kids are extremely disinterested. Mackey walks over t chalkboard.
45) 0) text: Kyle's mom and the other moms watch the kids and Mr. Mack rolling around on the floor laughing on a security monito
46) 0) text: Just then, Kyle's mother walks in with a scowling look, interupting the kids and Mr. Mackey who are still laughin merrily. The other mothers are behind her.
49) 0) text: The kids are all in the main room, sitting on a couch, huddled around a television. They laugh merrily.
51) 0) text: The kids all shout agreement.
54) 0) text: The kids all watch, wide-eyed.
58) 0) text: The kids are again glued to the TV watching the trial of Terrance and Phillip.
60) 0) text: The kids sit in shock.
62) 0) text: The kids can't believe what they're seeing. Everyone is silent. Finally, Kyle perks up.
62) 11) text: The handsome English kid, Gregory chimes in.
63) 0) text: The kids are all sitting in rows, wearing very crude 'Fre Terrance and Phillip' buttons.
63) 2) text: The kids all AD LIB relief.
63) 9) text: The kids cheer.
67) 33) text: The kids all just sit there.
75) 8) text: Clyde, one of the kids from school, throws his Terrance a Phillip dolls into the burning mass. Kyle stops him on his way back.
75) 11) text: More kids line up to burn their Terrance and Phillip stuf Several random mothers from M.A.C. are standing in front the bonfire with anti-Canadian signs and T-shirts. The bo parents aren't around, but another MAC mother is leading charge.
83) 28) text: Another kid walks up next to Gregory, it's Wendy. Stan's grow wide.
84) 2) text: The kids all sit down.
84) 9) text: The kids don't respond. Stan shoots a nervous look at Wen who is sitting next to Gregory.
86) 0) text: In the dead of night, the kids are all in a circle discus the plan.
86) 4) text: Suddenly, a bump in the ground starts to move forward, le a trail behind it. (like bugs bunny before he pops out) The bump comes to a stop at the children's feet and out p THE MOLE.  He is a very bitter little nine year old Frenc kid with a THICK French accent.
86) 25) text: Kyle and the boys look a little worried, as other kids jo in the song.
91) 0) text: The kids are all gathered together, finishing their song. One kid grabs a large flag and starts swirling it around.
111) 16) text: The clitoris fades, and just as it does, all the kids of Resistance come running into frame. Wendy and Gregory are with them as well.