3) 0) text: A large foyer. Security station and elevators. PARTY SOUN can be heard from a second floor balcony. DOUGLAS is the security guard manning the station. Seeing the Armored car Guard entering, he picks up the phone and dials. Beat. Into phone --
3) 1) dialog: Last delivery's finally here. The Armored Truck Guard approaches the security station. he and Douglas exchange paperwork, the Armored Truck Guar references the sounds from upstairs --
3) 3) dialog: Introducing a new line of jewelry.
9) 0) text: Sounds of the PARTY continue from upstairs. At the securi station, the guard, Douglas, looks up from a magazine and scans the security monitors.
19) 0) text: Douglas looks up from his magazine and checks the securit monitors again. Everything a-okay.
21) 2) dialog: Name, please?
21) 4) dialog: Thank you. You can go on up.       Front elevator, to the mezzanine. Daria turns toward the elevator. Then doesn't go. Just glances up toward the party, suddenly unenthusiastic.
21) 6) dialog: I'm just here to do my job. Daria looks back at Douglas.      Studies him a moment. what she sees.
21) 10) dialog: Really, ma'am.   I have a job to do. Daria doesn't understand why he's not interested in her. Then she glimpses Douglas's magazine lying on the desk.
22) 9) dialog: Hi.
22) 11) dialog: If that's your thing...
22) 13) dialog: I'm not actually supposed to be
22) 18) dialog: I'm hooked up.
22) 20) dialog: Sorry.
22) 22) dialog: I can be pretty rough.
22) 26) dialog: Douglas. And, man, I really gotta get back to what I'm supposed to be doing, okay? He looks away.     Scans the monitors.
22) 28) text: Seeing Douglas is unaware of what's happening in the vaul Tommy relaxes.
23) 0) text: Daria gets in. Looks back to make sure Tommy has Douglas' attention. He does. Instead of going up, Daria uses the key-card to access th controls to go down.
25) 0) text: On the monitors, we see Fait in the vault anteroom and Da descending in the elevator as Tommy keeps Douglas's attention diverted.
28) 0) text: On the anteroom monitor, we see the monitor on Fait's cam slide into position, making the room look empty, as Tommy continues diverting Douglas's attention.
36) 0) text: Tommy and Douglas hear APPROACHING SIRENS. The SIRENS STO outside. SWAT, cops, the works. All heading for the front door. Tommy whispers urgently into his mike.