2) 0) text: The armored truck pulls up. An ARMORED TRUCK GUARD emerge from the back with a satchel and heads inside.
3) 0) text: A large foyer. Security station and elevators. PARTY SOUN can be heard from a second floor balcony. DOUGLAS is the security guard manning the station. Seeing the Armored car Guard entering, he picks up the phone and dials. Beat. Into phone --
3) 2) dialog: Party?
3) 4) dialog: Wife wants me to buy her a ruby ring. Told her to spend a little time with the family jewels first. PING. An ELEVATOR opens. A second security guard's inside Handing over the satchel and heading out --
3) 5) dialog: Keep it real.
4) 0) text: We see the security guard with the satchel use a key-card gain elevator access to the lower floors. As the elevator doors slide closed...
5) 0) text: An exclusive showroom. Display tables empty. At one end o the room, the elevator. At the other end, the open door t a walk-in vault. The ELEVATOR PINGS, and the doors open. The guard emerges with the cart. Pushes it across the room to the outside o the vault. A man in a suit emerges from the vault and starts unloadi the cart into the vault.
9) 0) text: Sounds of the PARTY continue from upstairs. At the securi station, the guard, Douglas, looks up from a magazine and scans the security monitors.
53) 0) text: A stretch limo and a Cadillac Escalade wait on the tarmac next to a Gulfstream, which has just arrived. The jet door opens, and a man emerges with a bodyguard. T man, LING, is Asian, about forty. Emanates grace and powe As Ling descends the steps, and two thugs from the SUV go retrieve baggage... A woman steps out of the waiting limo to greet Ling.   Sh also Asian. Dressed in American casual. Beautiful.     SO She's not smiling. As Ling approaches her --
59) 0) text: Christophe's arms are   wrapped around the large fish tan one arm over the top,   the other through the legs of the stand. His hands are    bound. He can't move. His beaten face is pressed to the   glass. Large, weird fish swim pa in front of him. The weird fish scatter as a face appears on the other sid of the tank. Ling. Looking through at Christophe. Ling straightens and walks around the tank. Sona is with him. So is Charles, the bodyguard. In b.g., the two thugs stand sentry near the front door. Christophe's eyes follo them.
76) 0) text: A prison guard escorts Fait and Su past cells, each just dreary, spare and institutional as the next. That is, unt they reach the last cell. The last cell is guarded by two convict sentries.    Hang blankets cloak the cell entirely from view. Fait, Su and the prison guard stop outside the cell. One sentry blocks the way in as the other parts the blankets covering the open cell doorway, REVEALING...
77) 0) text: After a walk through Kansas, this is the land of Oz. The last cell is as comfy, colorful and a well-appointed as Joel's office. JUMP CHAMBERS, a large, brutal-looking, inner-city crime lord has clearly used money and influence to improve the terms of his incarceration. Chambers puffs a Cuban as a prison trustee, WILLY CHICKEN sets out breakfast before him: fresh-squeezed OJ; eggs benedict; large, juicy sausages; fresh breads and pastrie French-press coffee; LA TIMES, NY TIMES, WSJ, Maxim, Hust and the daily mail. The guard leaves Fait and Su, turns to go.
90) 0) text: Archie and Su exit the car and approach a GUARD manning a gate to the fight arena beyond.
90) 5) dialog: Whatever... You're number twelve, Bruce. He hands a card reading "12" to Su. As Archie and Su make their way toward the arena --
158) 0) text: Ling, having just escaped being crushed in the limo, runs out just as... Four helicopters take off, one after the other, carrying the buyers away. The fifth chopper, an AGUSTA A109, is POWERED UP, waiting for the wheelchair-bound French Buyer, being helped by a bodyguard. Ling intercepts them. Knocks out the bodyguard and tips over the Frenchman's chair. Then jumps into the Agusta.