11) 0) text: Fait moves quickly, Miles following. Fait makes fast left and rights, following more spray paint. They branch off into a small dirt-floored space, deep in sub-foundation of a building. Fait stops. Overhead is a flat ceiling. On the ceiling, his flashlight finds a spra painted circle.
14) 0) text: Perched on the side of a cliff above the Pacific, next to the park. The top floor is at street level. Su easily gains access to the roof of the building. He moves to an exact position just at the ocean-side edge. I an eight-story drop. Su faces in.      And then... Hops backward off the roof. Falling feet-first through the air, Su momentarily grabs onto an eight-floor balcony rail, slowing his descent, th lets go. Momentarily grabs a seventh-floor rail and lets go. Grabs sixth-floor rail. Hangs on this time. Vaults lightly onto the balcony.
29) 0) text: Fait and Daria push the display table aside as Miles shov equipment bags through the hole in the floor. Fait opens the leather bag, revealing tools, a tripod, th steel cables and a long, rectangular box. Miles grabs a high-tech DRILL. Begins BORING a hole high up on the vaul door. Fait hands Daria the tripod to set up, while he uncoils t steel cables, attaches them to the wheel on the vault doo Then opens the rectangular box and lifts out what's insid A surface-to-air missile. Fait sets it on the tripod.
30) 0) text: Speeding through L.A.   Calling 911 on a cell phone.
50) 0) text: Rocketing underground. The tunnel ceiling whizzes by abov Fait and Daria. Intermittent tunnel fixtures just inches from their heads. Every time the train takes a curve, they both slide towar the edge. Fait places a calming hand on top of Daria's. T car takes a wide curve. Daria's body flips to the side. She loses her grip. Screams as she starts to fall off the train. Fait reaches for Daria, losing his grip on his bag, which plummets off the train. Fait can't grab her. The train jerks again. He starts sliding away from her, off the opposite side. Fait thrust out both hands as far as he can. And... Just snags her at the last second. Grips Daria's wrists with all he's got. They're now draped across the curved r of the train. Hands in the middle. If Daria slips, or Fai lets her go, they both die.
53) 0) text: A stretch limo and a Cadillac Escalade wait on the tarmac next to a Gulfstream, which has just arrived. The jet door opens, and a man emerges with a bodyguard. T man, LING, is Asian, about forty. Emanates grace and powe As Ling descends the steps, and two thugs from the SUV go retrieve baggage... A woman steps out of the waiting limo to greet Ling.   Sh also Asian. Dressed in American casual. Beautiful.     SO She's not smiling. As Ling approaches her --
53) 1) dialog: Enjoying California? CHARLES, the bodyguard, answers for himself.
53) 4) dialog: The stones?
53) 6) dialog: ... Let's hope that was part of the plan.
59) 0) text: Christophe's arms are   wrapped around the large fish tan one arm over the top,   the other through the legs of the stand. His hands are    bound. He can't move. His beaten face is pressed to the   glass. Large, weird fish swim pa in front of him. The weird fish scatter as a face appears on the other sid of the tank. Ling. Looking through at Christophe. Ling straightens and walks around the tank. Sona is with him. So is Charles, the bodyguard. In b.g., the two thugs stand sentry near the front door. Christophe's eyes follo them.
59) 2) dialog: So this is Mr. Christophe?
59) 4) dialog: Apparently we're not his first visitors today.
59) 6) dialog: Whatever you're going to say... Make it the truth.
62) 13) dialog: I know you're there, Mr. Fait. Beat.   Fait pushes the button for the speakerphone.
63) 0) text: Overlooking L.A. Ling and Sona. Enjoying hotel room service. Ling's on a cell phone.
63) 1) dialog: The man for   whom Mr. Christophe arranged to   have the black stones brought into   the country and deposited at   the jewelry exchange. The man who   wants them back. Now.
63) 3) dialog: Maybe you didn't understand me.    The stones are already mine.
63) 6) dialog: I don't have time for this.
63) 8) dialog: I can be a very dangerous man, Mr. Fait. Fait just hangs up.
67) 0) text: Two men start to get out of the Escalade. We recognize them: Ling's two thugs. We barely have time to realize that Fait's escape has been blocked by construction equipment down the alley. He's had no choice but to turn and fight. Which is what he does, rushing the passenger. The battle's ferocious and fast. Ultimately, Fait's out- muscled and out-gunned. He's forced back against the open door of the Escalade, guns to his head.
70) 0) text: Ling's on his cell phone.
70) 1) dialog: I hope you've reconsidered.
70) 3) dialog: You've made this difficult, Mr. Fait. Let me make it easy.
70) 5) dialog: I have your daughter. Fait freezes.
70) 6) dialog: She's very pretty in her pink pajamas. Aren't you, Vanessa? REVEAL Vanessa, in the limo, held by Charles.     On Ling signal, Charles uncovers her mouth.
70) 9) dialog: I want my stones, Mr. Fait.
70) 11) dialog: You think about it a moment. Let me talk to the Chinese gentleman who's with you.
70) 13) dialog: That's up to you... The Chinese
70) 19) dialog: I thought I killed you.
70) 21) dialog: Do you really want one more person to die? We see this resonates with Su.
72) 2) dialog: Find a place to put her. Then, as Charles forces Vanessa out --
72) 4) dialog: Su says he has the stones... But why cut me off? Why not negotiate for the girl? It doesn't make sense.
72) 7) dialog: We'll never regain their confidence. (beat)
72) 10) dialog: We'll need her... She stays alive. For now.
74) 0) text: A battered Ford camper now sits in the middle of the hang We see Vanessa inside the camper. She's screaming. Loudly Not scared. Pissed. As... Ling Thug #2 covers the windows with black spray paint.
75) 0) text: Vanessa is standing inside, still yelling.
76) 0) text: A prison guard escorts Fait and Su past cells, each just dreary, spare and institutional as the next. That is, unt they reach the last cell. The last cell is guarded by two convict sentries.    Hang blankets cloak the cell entirely from view. Fait, Su and the prison guard stop outside the cell. One sentry blocks the way in as the other parts the blankets covering the open cell doorway, REVEALING...
79) 0) text: RUSSELL, the science and technology end of Ling's operati carries a piece of equipment from the back of a five-ton truck and approaches some kind of strange contraption, wh he's in the process of erecting in the middle of the hang He puts down what he's carrying next to the contraption a starts back for something else, when he sees Charles is looking in the back of the truck.
95) 0) text: Daria keeps dancing. Peeling off layers now.    Showing s Odion's starting to salivate.
98) 0) text: Where the BUG BOMBS HISS away. Fait tries the WINDOW. Locked shut. He quickly tapes it. BREAKS it. He and Miles climbs inside. Grab the bug bombs and toss them out. As Miles locks the door, Fait opens a gear bag and pulls a folding metal detector. Uses it to scan the entire room quickly: floor, walls, ceiling... Gets LOW-VOLUME RING-OF from various hidden metal. But he's looking for something bigger. BLEEE.   He gets it when he sweeps past Chambers' big des
108) 4) dialog: How much money do you want for the stones?
108) 6) text: So, instead of us going back and forth doing warm-ups, my idea's for you to think of a number. A very high number. A very final number. A number so high and final it'll get me off good, bam, right when I hear it. Chambers hasn't looked at Ling the whole time.       Stil looking. Forks up some lobster meat. When...
109) 0) text: Ling emerges from the cell through the blankets. Closing the blankets behind him. To the sentries, who've heard nothing --
109) 1) dialog: Mr. Chambers is resting.   He says not to bother him. OFF which, as Ling walks away...
116) 0) text: DING! The crowd's yelling and betting as number eight leaves his corner and advances on Su. Su has nothing against number eight. He's just trying to buy time. So he dodges his opponent. Not exactly running. Fighting by not fighting. A target one moment, gone the next. Again and again, number eight swings and misses. Until... Number eight delivers a knockout blow. Unfortunately it's against himself. The momentum of a missed punch carries him headfirst into a metal post. Number eight drops. As the referee counts over number eig Su uses the chance to find...
121) 0) text: The place is bedlam. In the crowd, bets are going down on the battle royal, now in full effect inside the cage. Su versus the five fighters. And the midget. The different fighters use different fighting styles agai Su. Kickboxing, grappling, aikido, kali, American street fighting... Su uses all his own skills and whatever's at hand. At one point he engineers it so one opponent turns on another opponent. At another point, Su wields the midget like a fighting staff. One by one, Su starts reducing the opposition.
135) 0) text: Ling pours the black stones out on a table.   To Sona and Charles --
135) 1) dialog: We're back in business. CHARLES
135) 4) dialog: Is everything else ready?
141) 0) text: Ling, Sona, Charles, and Russell. Russell finishes testing his contraption.    Switches it Then, removing his goggles --
141) 3) dialog: ... So small. So deadly... We're selling conscience for money... A look at the others.   Serious.   Then a broad smile of
141) 5) dialog: ... But it's a lot of money... Beat.   He puts down the stone.    A glance at the camper
141) 6) dialog: Be ready to kill the girl and go as soon as the sale's over.
145) 1) dialog: You're the world's foremost arms dealers. You all know that weaponry equals power. And in the world of weaponry, nukes rule.
145) 3) dialog: But nuclear material is hard to obtain and difficult to handle... But what if it weren't?... That's the question that brought you here tonight... And here's the answer. Ling holds up a single stone.
145) 4) dialog: In its present state, it's completely inert. Zero radiation, zero volatility... Whereupon Ling places the stone on a piece of velvet on a table. Folds the velvet over. Then, whack, hits it hard with a mallet. He unfolds the velvet.   The stone's smashed to pieces. Ling picks up a sliver of stone and hands it to Russell, places the sliver inside a small ceramic capsule, then inserts the capsule into his contraption.
145) 10) dialog: One small    fragment. Transformed into a source    of immense energy. More powerful    than weapons-grade plutonium a hundred    times its size. A beat as this sinks in.
147) 0) text: Atop the building next to Ling's hangar. The five chopper rest on the wide tarmac below, between the two buildings. Miles scans Ling's hangar through the scope of a silenced sniper rifle.
155) 1) text: Charles rolling out under the door.
158) 0) text: Ling, having just escaped being crushed in the limo, runs out just as... Four helicopters take off, one after the other, carrying the buyers away. The fifth chopper, an AGUSTA A109, is POWERED UP, waiting for the wheelchair-bound French Buyer, being helped by a bodyguard. Ling intercepts them. Knocks out the bodyguard and tips over the Frenchman's chair. Then jumps into the Agusta.
159) 0) text: Ling puts a gun to the pilot's head.
159) 1) dialog: Go!
163) 0) text: Ling hears the THUMPS.    Looks out.
163) 2) dialog: To the pilot --
163) 3) dialog: Retract the gear!
167) 0) text: The out-of-control AGUSTA swings back toward Su and the hangar, losing altitude. Then SMASHES into the tarmac, ripping open the fuel tank, spilling fuel behind it as it caroms off the hangar and inscribes a large, skidding cir around Su before CRASHING into another CHOPPER and BURSTI INTO FLAMES. The spilled fuel ignites.    A circle of intense fire. Su in the middle. The Agusta pilot, still alive, has been thrown outside th circle. But Ling's only path of escape takes him inside. Into the circle. He emerges with the bag of stones. Su is waiting.
167) 1) dialog: 
167) 3) dialog: I'll kill you fast.    You won't Feel a thing.
167) 17) text: Well, not you, 'cause you're law enforcement. But the rest of us -- look, a white guy comes in handy now and then. Y'know, if you're pulling a job in Beverly Hills or ripping off a country club or whatever... What kind of percentage are we talking?