53) 3) dialog: We may have a problem. Ling's mood quickly darkens.
53) 5) dialog: The exchange was just robbed.
59) 0) text: Christophe's arms are   wrapped around the large fish tan one arm over the top,   the other through the legs of the stand. His hands are    bound. He can't move. His beaten face is pressed to the   glass. Large, weird fish swim pa in front of him. The weird fish scatter as a face appears on the other sid of the tank. Ling. Looking through at Christophe. Ling straightens and walks around the tank. Sona is with him. So is Charles, the bodyguard. In b.g., the two thugs stand sentry near the front door. Christophe's eyes follo them.
59) 3) dialog: Yes. Only the handcuffs and fish tank are a new look.
63) 0) text: Overlooking L.A. Ling and Sona. Enjoying hotel room service. Ling's on a cell phone.
72) 5) dialog: 
72) 9) dialog: What about the girl?
79) 10) dialog: Stop it. Charles does. And now we can hear Vanessa, who's begun screaming inside the camper.
79) 16) dialog: At least he's doing his job. Which is more than I can say for some people.
79) 18) dialog: Tape her up and gag her. As Vanessa continues to SCREAM, Charles moves to the van, unlocks the rear door with the key/remote and pockets it. Then opens the door. And... Vanessa bolts out, crying, and clamps her arms around his waist.
135) 0) text: Ling pours the black stones out on a table.   To Sona and Charles --
135) 3) dialog: I hate kids.
135) 5) dialog: We just have to test the device. Russell, who's been working on his scientific contraption nearby, speaks up.
141) 0) text: Ling, Sona, Charles, and Russell. Russell finishes testing his contraption.    Switches it Then, removing his goggles --
141) 2) dialog: The buyers arrive in less then an hour. Beat.   Ling holds up a black stone and examines it.
145) 11) dialog: The purpose of today's sale is to begin trading a new commodity on the black market and establish its value... There are fifty stones available in the first sale. The opening price is one million per stone... Bids, please? The buyers indicate their bids both aloud and by using ha signals a la traders in a commodities exchange pit. At th same time, they're all crunching the numbers on calculato Ling looks on as Sona runs the sale, and Russell uses a laptop to input data and develops supply and demand marke analysis for Sona to consult. The pace starts out slowly and unevenly as the buyers fee out the situation.
145) 15) dialog: 
150) 4) dialog: We'll take that... There are now thirty-seven stones available. And now, in more and more rapid-fire succession --
160) 0) text: Su, having left Daria to fight Sona inside, runs out.