5) 0) text: An exclusive showroom. Display tables empty. At one end o the room, the elevator. At the other end, the open door t a walk-in vault. The ELEVATOR PINGS, and the doors open. The guard emerges with the cart. Pushes it across the room to the outside o the vault. A man in a suit emerges from the vault and starts unloadi the cart into the vault.
6) 0) text: A train arrives.   People jostle on and off. One man remains on the platform. MILES. Crisp dresser. Carrying a large leather bag. A cylinder hanging by a str over his shoulder. The train doors begin to close.   When... A fist inserts itself between the doors. They re-open, an a man steps onto the platform. TONY FAIT. Well-dressed. Intense. Fait joins Miles. They watch the train pull out. They check to make sure the station's empty. Then jump off the platform into the tunnel and disappear.
7) 0) text: The man in the suit has finished unloading the cart. He closes the heavy vault door and spins a large wheel on th door, securing the vault.
10) 0) text: Fait and Miles reach an access door tagged with paint. starts to open it. Suddenly, the tunnel is filled with the ROAR of an APPROACHING TRAIN. Fait and Miles leap to the wall.   Pre their backs against it as tightly as they can. The TRAIN whooms past, inches from their faces. When it's gone, Miles sighs with relief. Fait cracks the access doo
11) 0) text: Fait moves quickly, Miles following. Fait makes fast left and rights, following more spray paint. They branch off into a small dirt-floored space, deep in sub-foundation of a building. Fait stops. Overhead is a flat ceiling. On the ceiling, his flashlight finds a spra painted circle.
13) 0) text: Su's focused, intense, listening to a fancy WALKMAN throu HEADPHONES. We hear what he hears. Only there's no music, just STATIC. Suddenly, on Su's headphones, a PHONE RINGS. Su grows eve more alert. We hear a man with a French accent answer the phone.
14) 0) text: Perched on the side of a cliff above the Pacific, next to the park. The top floor is at street level. Su easily gains access to the roof of the building. He moves to an exact position just at the ocean-side edge. I an eight-story drop. Su faces in.      And then... Hops backward off the roof. Falling feet-first through the air, Su momentarily grabs onto an eight-floor balcony rail, slowing his descent, th lets go. Momentarily grabs a seventh-floor rail and lets go. Grabs sixth-floor rail. Hangs on this time. Vaults lightly onto the balcony.
15) 2) dialog: Where are the stones? Christophe turns.       Sees Su standing behind him.
15) 5) dialog: Who's getting them for you?
15) 8) dialog: I know.
23) 0) text: Daria gets in. Looks back to make sure Tommy has Douglas' attention. He does. Instead of going up, Daria uses the key-card to access th controls to go down.
29) 0) text: Fait and Daria push the display table aside as Miles shov equipment bags through the hole in the floor. Fait opens the leather bag, revealing tools, a tripod, th steel cables and a long, rectangular box. Miles grabs a high-tech DRILL. Begins BORING a hole high up on the vaul door. Fait hands Daria the tripod to set up, while he uncoils t steel cables, attaches them to the wheel on the vault doo Then opens the rectangular box and lifts out what's insid A surface-to-air missile. Fait sets it on the tripod.
30) 1) dialog: ... I want to report a crime in progress.
34) 0) text: The crew re-emerges through the floor to find the vault d in pieces and a hole the size of a Sub Zero where the SAM augured into the opposite wall.
35) 0) text: Su's speeding through Los Angeles streets.
35) 1) dialog: Your employer betrayed you. The police are on the way. Leave the black stones.
35) 3) dialog: You know the ones I mean.
49) 0) text: running toward the rear of the stopped train.   Leaping o the rear steps. When... Out of nowhere, a foot catches him in the head, sending h flying back down onto the rails. And... There is Su in front of him.
49) 2) dialog: The stones.
51) 0) text: Su gets in. Empties Miles' nylon bag into his lap. A fortune in gems and jewelry pours out. Su sifts through i increasingly agitated. What he wants isn't there. He thro the bag down, cursing in Chinese.
53) 0) text: A stretch limo and a Cadillac Escalade wait on the tarmac next to a Gulfstream, which has just arrived. The jet door opens, and a man emerges with a bodyguard. T man, LING, is Asian, about forty. Emanates grace and powe As Ling descends the steps, and two thugs from the SUV go retrieve baggage... A woman steps out of the waiting limo to greet Ling.   Sh also Asian. Dressed in American casual. Beautiful.     SO She's not smiling. As Ling approaches her --
54) 0) text: Swarming with police. When... Su steps off the elevator. He's carrying the bag of jewels he took from Miles. To a
54) 2) dialog: 
55) 4) text: 'Just a little longer'... School tomorrow, baby. Let's go. Vanessa sighs. Fait stands over her as she shuts down the computer, talking her through the commands, making sure s doesn't dawdle. FAIT
60) 0) text: Sitting in the middle of the large lot, which is full of goods and military surplus equipment. The tank's turret i spinning around. The cannon elevating and depressing seemingly at random. When... The cannon stops. Having locked on...Fait, standing in front of the tank. From inside the tank, a muffled voice.
62) 1) dialog: Looks dead to me. Behind him.   Fait turns around.      Sees Su.   Sitting sofa.
62) 3) dialog: Not me.     Someone else. Fait does the math.
62) 5) dialog: My name is Su.
62) 7) dialog: I want the black stones.
62) 10) dialog: You can walk out of here.
67) 9) dialog: Over here. Fait follows, right on his heels. The dogs close in. Su reaches the car. Dives through the open door. Somersaults over the rear seat. Kicks open the far door a rolls out. Fait dives in right behind him. The Dobies lea in after Fait. Fait's airborne completely through the back seat and out other side of the car. Clears the door. And... Su slams the door shut. We watch a two-Doberman pile-up against the suddenly clos door as Su leaps to the car's other side and shuts that door, too. Trapping the SNARLING, foaming DOGS inside. The bad guys are gone. And Fait's CELL PHONE is RINGING. Fait digs out the phone, to Su --
69) 0) text: Archie, Fait and Su are watching the monitor. On screen, Archie surrenders immediately.
69) 12) dialog: Did you call the police?
69) 19) dialog: Who's Chambers?
69) 22) text: And now that I'm truly fucked -- what the hell are you, anyway? You got some I.D.? Beat.   Su takes out his wallet and shows him. INSERT - I.D. In Chinese.     Clearly official.
69) 29) dialog: The stones belong to my government.
70) 18) dialog: Hello.
70) 20) dialog: I have the stones.      No negotiations. Let the girl go.
70) 22) dialog: No negotiations. And then, he simply hangs up. END INTERCUT.
70) 24) dialog: I said I have the stones and won't negotiate for your daughter.
70) 27) dialog: It will confuse him.     Buy us time and keep her alive.
70) 30) dialog: Look -- I know him. (then)
70) 33) dialog: You have no choice. Beat.   Fait realizes what this means.
73) 0) text: In motion.     Fait and Su.   Fait on the cell to Tommy.
73) 3) text: Yeah, right -- and maybe he'll join the Peace Corps. Su looks over.     Beat.
73) 4) dialog: I'm sorry about your daughter... How old is she?
73) 7) dialog: 
73) 10) dialog: I wish it were that easy. Another beat.   Then --
73) 12) dialog: 
73) 15) dialog: The stones aren't what you think they are.
73) 18) dialog: He's exactly what you think he is -- a thief and a killer.
76) 0) text: A prison guard escorts Fait and Su past cells, each just dreary, spare and institutional as the next. That is, unt they reach the last cell. The last cell is guarded by two convict sentries.    Hang blankets cloak the cell entirely from view. Fait, Su and the prison guard stop outside the cell. One sentry blocks the way in as the other parts the blankets covering the open cell doorway, REVEALING...
77) 0) text: After a walk through Kansas, this is the land of Oz. The last cell is as comfy, colorful and a well-appointed as Joel's office. JUMP CHAMBERS, a large, brutal-looking, inner-city crime lord has clearly used money and influence to improve the terms of his incarceration. Chambers puffs a Cuban as a prison trustee, WILLY CHICKEN sets out breakfast before him: fresh-squeezed OJ; eggs benedict; large, juicy sausages; fresh breads and pastrie French-press coffee; LA TIMES, NY TIMES, WSJ, Maxim, Hust and the daily mail. The guard leaves Fait and Su, turns to go.
77) 24) dialog: I don't speak Korean. Chambers carves up a sausage.
78) 0) text: Fait and Su walk toward the Porsche.
78) 7) text: ... They're at his club. SU
78) 10) dialog: No. FAIT
78) 11) text: I thought Chinese people were all mystical and shit. SU
78) 14) dialog: Archie? FAIT
78) 15) text: He's gotta remember something about the guys who took down his place. SU
81) 0) text: THUNK go the DOOR LOCKS. Charles, still in pain, is surprised to hear this. Feels his pocket. Realizes the ke and remote are gone.
85) 0) text: The CAMPER veers toward the rear wall.   And... ... CRASHES into a support post. As Charles yanks Vanessa from the wrecked van, unhurt...
86) 0) text: A hostess bar, but very high-end. Beautiful women. Elegan decor. Pumping MUSIC. No strip-club cheese. For extra money, private rooms for private pleasures. It's day, but the place is wall-to-wall with Korean men. Chambers' African-Americans maintain low visibility:   at door, behind the scenes, counting the register, etc. ODION, a dangerous-looking Chambers main man, moves throu the crowd to Daria, waiting near the front door.
86) 29) text: Meantime, why don't you come on in, and you and me can, y'know, talk some more about it. Beat.   Daria knows the look in his eyes.   Gets the subt
87) 0) text: Su and Archie.
87) 1) dialog: They have boxing matches in the day?
87) 3) dialog: The man you remembered -- how do you know he will be here?
89) 2) dialog: How will you recognize him?
90) 0) text: Archie and Su exit the car and approach a GUARD manning a gate to the fight arena beyond.
90) 1) dialog: How do we get in?
90) 6) dialog: I didn't come here to fight.
90) 10) dialog: Find the ring.
111) 0) text: Archie still looking for the man with the diamond pinkie-ring. Su still following.
111) 2) dialog: I'll handle it. In the cage, a fight has just ended. The loser's unconscious and looks like he stepped into a spinning airplane propeller. The winner doesn't look much better.
111) 16) dialog: Not today... The catcalls start.    Archie leans into Su.
116) 0) text: DING! The crowd's yelling and betting as number eight leaves his corner and advances on Su. Su has nothing against number eight. He's just trying to buy time. So he dodges his opponent. Not exactly running. Fighting by not fighting. A target one moment, gone the next. Again and again, number eight swings and misses. Until... Number eight delivers a knockout blow. Unfortunately it's against himself. The momentum of a missed punch carries him headfirst into a metal post. Number eight drops. As the referee counts over number eig Su uses the chance to find...
116) 3) dialog: Number eight's on his feet.    Moving in again.   When...
116) 5) dialog: dodges number eight again. Then... Sees Archie signaling he's found the guy. And... Gets nailed by number eight. A solid hit. Exciting the crowd and pumping up number eight Whereupon... Su turns to him and bows.
116) 6) dialog: You win. Su turns, heads out of the cage. The crowd roaring its disapproval. As... The midget Ring Announcer bars Su's path.
118) 0) text: Fait reaches the rear doorway.      When... He jumps. Knocks one Cop down.      Shoves another aside. takes off running. Fait's caught the cops completely by surprise. It takes a few moments before the cops give chase, some on foot, oth by car.
121) 0) text: The place is bedlam. In the crowd, bets are going down on the battle royal, now in full effect inside the cage. Su versus the five fighters. And the midget. The different fighters use different fighting styles agai Su. Kickboxing, grappling, aikido, kali, American street fighting... Su uses all his own skills and whatever's at hand. At one point he engineers it so one opponent turns on another opponent. At another point, Su wields the midget like a fighting staff. One by one, Su starts reducing the opposition.
127) 0) text: It's down to Su and the kick boxer.    The kick boxer spi and kicks and punches, and... Su just ties the guy up in his own clothes.    Ties him i pretzel. Cinches him tight. Then... Looks for Archie.     Can't find him. Can't find the guy wearing the ring.     And hurries out of the cage.
129) 0) text: On TV, a chopper shot of the garage surrounded by police.
130) 0) text: Su runs into the parking area. Archie's in the T-bird. Sitting, a little unnaturally in the front.
130) 1) dialog: Where is he?
130) 3) dialog: Where'd he go?
132) 3) dialog: Something isn't right.
132) 6) dialog: The doorman.
132) 8) text: Everyone stay put. OFF which, as he and Su go --
133) 0) text: MUSIC pumps downstairs as Su and Fait cautiously move dow the hall toward Chambers' office.
134) 0) text: Su and Fait enter, unchallenged, to find... Odion and the other Chambers' men.    Dead.   Skull shot.
134) 6) dialog: The rest are gone. Fait can't believe it.
134) 8) dialog: ... Ling.
134) 10) dialog: I know.
134) 12) dialog: He's good. Beat.   Failure.       Summed up in one word:
134) 14) text: He has the stones. There's      no reason to keep her. Hell, she's a      little girl, she's eight years old     -- she can't hurt him. He can let      her go... He can just fucking let her     go... Su just looks at him.        Not a chance.   And he knows knows it, too. It's over.     For Fait, it's as if his life just ended.
134) 16) dialog: ... We need to go. Fait doesn't move. Then, suddenly, it all explodes as rag and Fait picks up the large, stone ball spinning atop the fountain and, screaming, hurls it into a large display of exotica, destroying it. Beat.   Fait looks at Su, who meets his eyes.          Th
134) 18) dialog: Come on. OFF which, as Su mobilizes him, and they go...
136) 0) text: Vanessa succeeds in using the necklace   as a saw to free wrists from the duct-tape. She quickly    rips the tape f mouth. Untapes her ankles. Then tries     to figure out w next. Begins searching the camper for    anything that mi her escape or fight. When... Looking through the glove box, she finds a cell phone. An old model. So old, it takes her a moment to figure out exactly what it is. Then she pushes "Power," and... The phone turns on.    Sort of.
137) 0) text: Rock bottom. Fait's desolate, sitting on the sofa, staring off.      D tries to comfort him, but it doesn't help. Miles and Tommy stay close and stay silent. Even Archie's quiet for once. The only noise is Su, speaking into a cell phone in Chine to someone who is obviously his superior.
137) 1) dialog: ... I lost the stones. Ling has them... I don't know where he is... I have no way to find him... What do you want me to do? Under which, the PHONE begins to RING.    And... Fait's too upset to care about answering.
140) 5) dialog: I'll call you back.
140) 17) dialog: Is it bright?
140) 28) dialog: ... He's doing it here.    Tonight.
140) 31) dialog: Selling the stones... A dye laser emits green light. He needs it to activate them.
140) 37) dialog: Not making them.
140) 40) dialog: The buyers will want to arrive and leave quickly... Somewhere private... Accessible by aircraft.
140) 44) dialog: ... Flight plans.
142) 0) text: Fait, Su, Daria and Miles.
144) 2) dialog: One of our scientists made the stones. Tried to go into business for himself. We stopped him. Recovered the stones... Ling betrayed us. He took them.
144) 4) dialog: We were partners. Six of us. He killed the others. He thought he killed me, too.
144) 7) dialog: 
146) 0) text: Near their cars. (NOTE: From now until the battle's over, it's night. At the airport, Fait, Su and Fait's team will all communicat via earwigs.)
149) 0) text: Su's reached the top of outside stairs.    Opens a door a enters.
150) 0) text: High above the floor, Su steps onto a catwalk.    The sal continuing below. More heated now.
156) 12) dialog: Don't let him get away! As a result of which...
160) 0) text: Su, having left Daria to fight Sona inside, runs out.
161) 0) text: The Agusta begins to lift off. Su starts running toward t helicopter. Runs under the rising aircraft. Jumps. Just in time to... Grab onto one of the retractable rear wheel
162) 0) text: As the chopper transfers to forward motion, Su struggles get a foot hooked on something, anything. In the process, he kicks against the helo's sleek underbelly.
163) 5) dialog: The gear begins to retract. Disappearing into the bottom the chopper. In a second, there'll be nothing left to hol
163) 6) dialog: Shoot it down!   Now! And then... Su lets go.      Drops fifteen feet to the gr As... Behind him, having clanked out of the hangar, the Abrams tank is stopped. The turret swivels toward the Agusta.
167) 0) text: The out-of-control AGUSTA swings back toward Su and the hangar, losing altitude. Then SMASHES into the tarmac, ripping open the fuel tank, spilling fuel behind it as it caroms off the hangar and inscribes a large, skidding cir around Su before CRASHING into another CHOPPER and BURSTI INTO FLAMES. The spilled fuel ignites.    A circle of intense fire. Su in the middle. The Agusta pilot, still alive, has been thrown outside th circle. But Ling's only path of escape takes him inside. Into the circle. He emerges with the bag of stones. Su is waiting.
167) 4) dialog: ... I won't.    You will What happens next happens in an instant: Su breaks the hold. Hooks one of Ling's arms.   Wrenches A direction it can't go. Ling's ARM BONES SNAP, TISSUES RIP. Ling screams in pain. Just as... Su pulls the ceramic Capsule containing the activated sliver of stone from Ling's pocket. And... Slams the capsule deep into Ling's open mouth. Ling gags, choking on the capsule lodged in his throat. His horror- stricken eyes meet Su's. Su lets him suffer another momen Then, in SUBTITLED Chinese --
167) 5) dialog: This is for our friends. And Su strikes him in the throat. A spearing, open-hand blow with his fingertips. Hard. Hard enough that...
167) 12) dialog: They'll be destroyed. They see police and emergency vehicles beginning to arriv in b.g.
167) 14) text: Jail? Man, you just helped save the planet. Law's gotta allow for that. A look between Fait and Su.   Su nods.
167) 15) dialog: I'll do what I can.
167) 26) dialog: ... Good luck.