0) 3) text: Joyce springs up, alarmed.
0) 4) dialog: What's wrong, Harvey? What are you  doing up?
0) 6) dialog: What is it?
0) 8) text: Joyce rubs her eyes.
0) 9) dialog: Harvey...
0) 11) text: Joyce just stares at him, unsure how to answer. Suddenly  Harvey collapses. Joyce leaps from the bed, nervous, hysterical. She gets d on the floor and shakes him.
0) 12) dialog: Omigod, Harvey! Harvey, wake up!
51) 0) text: JOYCE BRABNER, a depressive nudge with a perpetually pept expression frantically searches the store for something. partner, a granola type named RAND, finishes unloading a  stack on the shelf.
51) 1) dialog: What happened to the new American  Splendor?
51) 3) dialog: All of them?
51) 5) dialog: (accusatory) Damn it! I put one aside for myself,  next to the register. I didn't even  get a chance to read it.
51) 7) text: Joyce leans against the counter. She pushes up her glasse and looks really upset.
51) 8) dialog: Maybe I'll call the publisher. But  they take so damn long. Shit! Why  does everything in my life have to  be such a complicated disaster...
51) 9) text: Joyce starts slamming things around the store. Finally Ra grabs his stuff.
51) 11) text: Rand leaves. Joyce barely notices, still brewing.
52) 0) text: The mess in this room rivals Harvey's. A few cats add to clutter. Joyce lies on her disheveled bed and writes a le
52) 1) dialog: Greetings from the second smallest  state in the union, an endless  plastics and nylon plantation  controlled by giant chemical  corporations.
53) 1) dialog: To make matters more dismal, there  are no decent comic book stores in  my town, which is why my partner and  I opened one ourselves.
54) 1) dialog: Despite our steadily faltering  business, my partner managed to sell  the last copy of American Splendor  #8 out from under me. I'm a big fan  and I hate to wait for a new order.  Is there any way I can get it from  you direct? Sincerely, Joyce Brabner.
56) 0) text: We see Joyce standing in front of a GROUP OF PRISONERS.
56) 1) dialog: I'm a sometime activist and I teach  writing to prisoners. I try to help  them build an interior life and make  art out of their monotonous,  suffocating routine.
58) 0) text: Joyce empties her can of cat food in a plate and slides i towards her kitty.
58) 1) dialog: I'm divorced, thank god.
59) 2) dialog: Cleveland? You think that's a good  idea?
60) 0) text: Joyce sits on her equally disheveled bed dunking a tea ba Her hair is wet from a shower.
60) 1) dialog: I don't know. Where would I stay?
60) 3) dialog: I'm not worried about that... (fumbling with a tea  cup) Hold on, I just spilled chamomile  tea all over my bathrobe.
60) 5) text: Joyce sighs and lies down. A variety of AMERICAN SPLENDOR are across her bed. Different interpretations of Harvey s up at her.
60) 6) dialog: (sipping) Well, the way all those different  artists draw you, I don't quite know  what to expect. I mean sometimes you  look like a younger Brando, but then  the way Crumb draws you -- like a  hairy ape with all those stinky,  wavy lines radiating off your body --  it's kind of scary.
60) 8) text: Joyce smiles for the first time.
60) 9) dialog: That's a dangerous offer. I'm a  notorious reformer...
61) 0) text: A nervous JOYCE walks off the plane into the arrivals are She scans the crowd of friends, family, lovers and limo  drivers waiting to meet the disembarking passengers. Wher is Harvey? What will he look like? As Joyce surveys the unfamiliar faces, she imagines diffe versions of an animated, illustrated Harvey among the peo She double-takes as sees the R. CRUMB HARVEY -- hairy, sc smelly and picking his nose. Joyce rubs her eyes. Next she sees the BRANDO HARVEY (Gary Dumm), but unfortun he disappears fast. Disappointed, Joyce notices the realistic DREW FRIEDMAN H walking towards her. She smiles as he dissolves into:
61) 2) text: Joyce turns around. The flesh and blood HARVEY PEKAR stan before her -- not quite as bad as the Crumb version, not  quite as good as the Dumm version, but still acceptable. sighs with relief.
61) 3) dialog: Hi, Harvey. We finally meet in person.
61) 6) text: Joyce lets go of his hand. She stares at him in disbelief
62) 2) dialog: Nothing.
62) 4) dialog: I guess I never imagined you eating  in a place like this.
62) 6) dialog: It's fine. What difference does it  make?
62) 9) dialog: You're a vegetarian?
62) 11) text: Joyce grabs a bread stick.
62) 12) dialog: Hmm. I support and identify with  groups like PETA, but unfortunately  I'm a self-diagnosed anemic. Also, I  have all these food allergies to  vegetables that give me serious  intestinal distress. I guess I have  a lot of borderline health disorders  that limit me politically when it  comes to eating.
62) 15) dialog: Not yet. But I expect to be. Everyone  in my family's got some kind of  degenerative illness.
63) 0) text: JOYCE and HARVEY enter the apartment. The place is a mess as usual.
63) 2) text: Joyce puts down her bag.
63) 3) dialog: I've seen worse.
63) 5) dialog: Harvey, go get me water and a few  aspirin.
63) 8) dialog: No, but I want to avoid one.
63) 12) dialog: I had a nice time with you, too.
63) 13) text: Joyce swallows the pill. Harvey sits down next to her.
63) 15) dialog: Don't make people repeat themselves.  It's annoying.
63) 18) dialog: C'mere...
63) 19) text: She pulls him close. Harvey plants a kiss on her. They slowly separate. Joyce's eyes are closed. She likes  him. He kisses her again. They start making out, moaning bit. But before it gets heavy --
63) 20) dialog: Harvey?
63) 22) text: Joyce opens her eyes. She looks uneasy.
63) 23) dialog: Which door's the bathroom?
65) 0) text: FLUSH! Joyce is doubled over on the toilet. She's looking green.
65) 1) dialog: Ugh! I don't know. I think that yuppie  food did me in.
67) 0) text: Joyce gets to her feet and puts her glasses back on. She  picks up a can and sprays air freshener around the room. Then she looks at the can and realizes it's WD-40.
67) 2) text: Joyce puts the can down.
67) 3) dialog: Chamomile tea? What the hell's a guy  like you doing with that? I thought  you drink soda pop for breakfast.
67) 5) text: Joyce turns her head to the door. She's truly surprised b what Harvey's just said. And very moved. She smiles to  herself.
68) 2) text: Joyce slowly opens the door. She leans against the door f like she's just been through a war. She takes off her glasses and cleans them off with her sh
68) 3) dialog: Harvey, we better skip this whole  courtship thing and just get married.
69) 0) text: Harvey and Joyce are in bed, lying in each other's arms. They look quite contented.
69) 2) dialog: Me too.
69) 4) dialog: Not really. I find most American  cities depressing in the same way.
71) 0) text: A brightly lit marquee reads, "REVENGE OF THE NERDS." The doors to the theater open and a crowd pours onto the stre HARVEY, JOYCE and TOBY are among them. Toby proudly wears "Genuine Nerd" button on his striped shirt.
71) 1) dialog: I agree with Toby. I think it's a  story of hope and tolerance.
71) 5) text: Joyce hits Harvey.
71) 6) dialog: Harvey, what did I say about loud  talking? Use your inside voice.
71) 8) dialog: That's enough, Harvey.
71) 10) text: Joyce folds her arms in disapproval. Toby starts to laugh
74) 3) text: THE REAL JOYCE and REAL HARVEY listen curiously -- someti pleased, sometimes displeased -- as their personalities a dissected and boiled down to a few phrases.
75) 0) text: JOYCE is on a cleaning rampage. She rummages through pile upon piles of records while HARVEY paces nervously.
75) 1) dialog: What about these 78's, Harvey? Can't  you sell them to one of those  collectors?
75) 3) text: Joyce throws down the records in frustration. Harvey runs over to check if they're scratched.
75) 4) dialog: (angry) Forget it then. I give up! How can I  make more storage space, if you won't  get rid of anything?
75) 6) dialog: Everything's your good stuff. How am  I supposed to live here, if there's  no room for me?
75) 8) dialog: That's because you're obsessive  compulsive Harvey.
75) 11) dialog: I don't care if you wanna hear it or  not. You're the poster child for the  DSM III. I'll have you know that I  come from a very dysfunctional family.  I can spot personality disorders a  mile away...
75) 12) text: A KNOCK ON THE DOOR interrupts their argument. Joyce stor away to answer it.
75) 15) text: Joyce turns to Harvey and points to Toby.
75) 16) dialog: Borderline autistic!
76) 0) text: R. CRUMB leaps from behind an autograph table (where he's signing comics) to hop on the back of ZAFTIG BABE, who of him a piggy-back ride. Joyce turns to Harvey.
76) 1) dialog: Polymorphously Perverse.
77) 0) text: JOYCE picks up Harvey from work. HARVEY enters the car, w goodbye to the ranting MR. BOATS. She points to Mr. Boats.
77) 1) dialog: Paranoid Personality Disorder.
78) 0) text: THE TELEPHONE RINGS. A disheveled, tired-looking JOYCE fl through a novel and lets the machine pick up.
78) 3) text: Joyce flips the page.
78) 4) dialog: (to herself) Delusions of grandeur.
79) 0) text: HARVEY and JOYCE sit in a packed theater watching a play. Joyce looks exhausted.
79) 4) text: The "Stage Actor Joyce" lunges over and plants a kiss on  him.
80) 0) text: HARVEY and JOYCE walk through the terminal. Harvey brims  with energy but Joyce looks exhausted.
81) 0) text: Harvey nervously taps his foot as he waits for the bags. Joyce leans against the carousel staring at a YOUNG MOTHE with a BABY in a Bjorn.
81) 2) text: He checks his watch. Joyce remains quiet and distant.
81) 6) text: Suddenly, Joyce mumbles something to Harvey.
81) 7) dialog: Y'know Harvey, vasectomies are  reversible.
81) 9) dialog: (raising her voice) Are you listening to me? I said  vasectomies are reversible.
81) 13) dialog: I know but things have changed. I  think we can be a family.
81) 15) dialog: I'll take care of the kid and you.
81) 17) text: Joyce folds her arms... dejected, defeated. The audience eavesdroppers looks disappointed as well.
82) 0) text: If the place was a disaster before, believe it or not, it gotten worse. JOYCE seems to have given up on her  organizing... and everything else for that matter. HARVEY hysterically searches through the mess for a recor album. Joyce just lies listlessly on an open futon on the middle of the room; it looks as if she hasn't been up in  days.
82) 2) text: Joyce rolls over.
82) 3) dialog: I didn't touch it, Harvey. Would you  let me sleep?
82) 5) text: Joyce sits up. This time she means business.
82) 6) dialog: It happens to be Saturday you selfish  sonofabitch! And don't you go telling  me what to do. I'm the one who moved  into your city, into your home, into  your vasectomy and into your screwed- up life. The least you could do is  allow me to live here my way.
84) 0) text: HARVEY throws boxes of herbal teas at JOYCE as she sprawl listlessly on the futon. She just yawns and turns over on her side.
84) 4) dialog: (mumbling) I'm not hungry.
84) 9) text: Joyce doesn't respond.
84) 14) text: Joyce sits up. Harvey's finger hits the "Replay" button.
86) 0) text: Armed with shopping bags from Bleecker Bob's Record Shop, the Strand Book Store and Forbidden Planet Comic Book  Emporium, HARVEY and JOYCE eat lunch on a park bench. Har chomps on a knish and watches oddball New Yorkers stroll as Joyce nibbles on her hot dog.
88) 0) text: The PEKARS have already wreaked havoc on their luxury hot room. It looks like a tornado touched down on the New Yor Hilton. HARVEY tries on outfits for the big show. He pulls a wrin T-shirt over his head and models it for JOYCE who is spre out on the bed surrounded by piles of clothing, scissors sewing supplies. She glances up at Harvey's getup and sha her head no.
88) 2) text: Harvey tosses his shirt over to Joyce, who snatches it an starts cutting it with a scissor.
88) 4) dialog: Merchandising.
89) 0) text: Backstage, JOYCE watches LATE NIGHT WITH DAVID LETTERMAN a monitor as HARVEY awaits his turn to go on camera. He h changed out of his wrinkled T-shirt into a slightly more  formal look -- a denim shirt and a ratty seersucker strip jacket.
90) 0) text: Neither Joyce nor Harvey look particularly impressed with the whole deal.
90) 1) dialog: People like this show?
91) 0) text: The stage manager grabs Harvey by the arm. Joyce stops th
91) 1) dialog: Wait a minute. Where's the doll?
91) 4) text: The Stage Manager physically pushes Harvey out of the Gre Room. Joyce turns back to face the monitor.
92) 0) text: Joyce watches as Harvey shakes Letterman's hand and takes seat.
93) 2) dialog: (unimpressed) Such brilliant repartee...
94) 0) text: A LETTERMAN REGULAR (Tony Randall?) comes in with some fo He stops by the monitor to watch a moment with Joyce.
94) 3) dialog: I'm beginning to wonder.
94) 4) text: The Letterman Regular takes a seat as he watches the moni He seems more intrigued than Joyce.
95) 3) dialog: Pandering is more like it.
95) 4) text: Suddenly, Joyce walks over to the monitor and looks for t channel. She hits a button, but it only changes the frame the show.
95) 5) dialog: Damnit.
95) 7) dialog: I'm trying to get some news. You  know there's a big story about to  break about the US selling arms to  Iran and the Contras.
95) 9) dialog: Ugh. Just forget it.
95) 10) text: Joyce gives up. She sinks back into her seat and pulls a  book from her bag. The Letterman Regular stares at her li she's from Mars.
95) 15) text: Once again laughs and a big round of applause. Letterman  pulls out Joyce's mysterious doll and props it up on the  table.
96) 2) dialog: Finally something good. (to Letterman Regular) Watch this.
97) 0) text: JOYCE stares at the monitor, expressionless. The STAGE MA sticks his head in.
97) 7) text: Joyce taps her finger on Letterman's image on the monitor
97) 8) dialog: Megalomaniac.
98) 0) text: HARVEY tries on a ripped T-shirt for Joyce who lies on th bed.
99) 0) text: JOYCE, whose different outfits reflect time passage, watc each time from the GREEN ROOM. LETTERMAN SHOW - STOCK FOO HARVEY, in a ratty T-shirt, spars with LETTERMAN.
101) 0) text: HARVEY and JOYCE eat breakfast together. Harvey reads a  Katherine Mansfield book as JOYCE reads a newspaper.
101) 1) dialog: (looking up from the  paper) Harvey, I've been reading about these  kids who grew up in war zones...  Palestinians, Israelis, El  Salvadorians, Cambodians... These  kids are amazing and they're --
101) 2) text: A YUPPIE in a jogging suit walks up to Harvey, interrupti Joyce in mid-sentence.
101) 11) dialog: Anyway, I want to do a political  comic book about these kids. There's  a conference in Jerusalem in a few  weeks, and I can start by doing  interviews there.
101) 13) dialog: Y'know why? 'Cause I don't give a  damn about the Letterman show. I  want to work on something important  to me. Something that matters.
101) 14) text: Joyce hits a nerve.
101) 17) dialog: Harvey... you're yelling...
101) 19) text: Joyce doesn't dignify Harvey with an answer. She stares a him, her eyes well with hurt. He sighs, calming down. He looks around sheepishly.
102) 0) text: Harvey and Joyce stroll across the lawn holding hands. Th move towards a waiting cab. Harvey carries his wife's bag
102) 4) dialog: Harvey, you'll survive a few weeks  alone.
108) 0) text: Without Joyce, a surly Harvey waits in the wings for his  introduction. He sneaks a peek as Letterman finishes up t "stupid pet tricks" segment. We hear dogs barking and aud laughter.
113) 2) dialog: I guess you did it this time.
113) 4) text: Joyce puts the magazine down.
113) 5) dialog: If you met those kids over there and  saw what they go through, you wouldn't  ask that of me.
113) 7) dialog: It's not open for discussion, Harvey.  I need this in my life right now.
113) 9) dialog: But I do appreciate the fact that  you missed me so much. C'mere...
113) 11) dialog: Harvey, what is that?
114) 0) text: HARVEY and JOYCE sit in the office holding hands, like tw terrified high school kids. A DOCTOR stands before them. They just got bad news...
114) 1) dialog: I don't understand, does "tumor"  mean the same thing as "cancer"?
114) 2) text: The doctor gently nods. Joyce covers her mouth. Harvey holds onto his head. He lo positively dizzy. The doctor starts to talk, yet the word don't seem to match his mouth. He looks dubbed. Strange  phrases just weave together, echo and bounce off the wall making no sense at all. ...we know the growth is malignant. What we don't know is how far it may have spread. Once we have the results of t biopsy, we can make more informed decisions about treatme blah, blah, blah... The whole office seems to spin.
115) 0) text: Joyce and Harvey sit on the stoop of their apartment hous in a daze. The words keep echoing around them. Harvey hol his head.
115) 3) dialog: That's a positive thing.
115) 5) dialog: Stop it! You're not going to die,  Harvey. You're not.
115) 6) text: Harvey turns to Joyce.
115) 8) text: Joyce stands up, determined.
115) 9) dialog: Harvey, look at me and focus. We are  going to get through this. I  understand illness. I know how to  handle these things.
115) 11) dialog: Yes, you can. And I'll tell you how.  You'll make a comic book out of the  whole thing. You'll document every  little detail. And that way you'll  remove yourself from the experience  until it's over.
115) 12) text: Despite Joyce's passionate pitch, Harvey shakes his head.
115) 14) text: Joyce folds her arm.
115) 15) dialog: Fine. I'll do it without you.
116) 0) text: HARVEY and JOYCE lay there quietly, both exhausted. Joyce turns over so her back faces Harvey. He puts his arm arou her.
117) 0) text: Joyce is straightening up the apartment. The place actual looks halfway decent.
117) 3) dialog: Right -- the artist. Come on in.
117) 5) text: Joyce leans down and addresses the girl, who holds a toy  horse.
117) 6) dialog: Hi, Danielle. What's that you're  holding?
117) 8) text: It's immediately obvious that Joyce is great with kids.
117) 9) dialog: A pony? What's his name?
117) 11) dialog: Oh, I see. Well, I'm Joyce. Nice to  meet both you and Clarissa.
117) 14) dialog: He's going to work until next week,  when he starts the chemo. That's why  I wanna get this project started  now. Once he's stuck here, I know  he'll take over.
119) 2) text: Suddenly the door opens. Loud music pours out. But it's n Joyce, it's FRED, the artist.
119) 5) text: Harvey just stares at him. Fred opens the door to reveal: JOYCE and DANIELLE dancing together with the stereo blast They're having a ball.
120) 0) text: At the kitchen table, HARVEY looks over FRED'S sketches. JOYCE and DANIELLE are now building a house of cards on t living room floor.
120) 4) text: Harvey looks away at Joyce and Danielle playing. They're  oblivious to the world.
120) 7) text: FRED'S PENCIL completes a sketch of Joyce pushing Harvey a wheelchair. The word "cancer" appears everywhere, float all around the image.
120) 8) text: The following montage chronicles Harvey's illness by cutt between comic art depicting key events and shots of HARVE JOYCE and FRED creating the book. The montage is set to the simultaneously dulcet and disco tone of Miles Davis' "Blue in Green" (or something simila
122) 0) text: We see Harvey, Joyce and Fred sitting around a table. Joy fights to keep Harvey focused on the project.
122) 1) text: 1) An enraged Harvey throws things around the house. 2) Joyce on the bed crying, a cat licking her back.
124) 0) text: Joyce and Fred go over some more comic art. Joyce carries the idea over to Harvey (wearing a baseball cap), who can get out of the couch. He looks it over and nods. Danielle brings Harvey a glass of water.
124) 2) text: Harvey crawling up the steps. "I'm so weak I can't make i he thinks... Harvey and Joyce in a hospital waiting room. He's slumped over, she has her hand on him. A delirious Harvey surrounded by nurses and Joyce. "She's torturing me, she won't let me die, I wanna die..."
125) 3) text: Joyce attempts to wake Harvey up. She curses at him. She  slaps him. "Why are you doing this to me!" A drawing of Joyce, doubled over, crying. "I can't take t anymore..."
126) 0) text: A repeat of the opening scene... Like a ghost, a naked HA stands over his bed staring down at a sleeping JOYCE. In the eerie light, he's almost translucent.
126) 2) text: Joyce springs up, alarmed.
126) 3) dialog: What's wrong, Harvey? What are you  doing up?
126) 5) dialog: What is it?
126) 7) dialog: Harvey...
126) 9) text: Joyce just stares at him, unsure how to answer. Finally H collapses. Joyce leaps from the bed, nervous, hysterical. She gets d on the floor and shakes him.
126) 10) dialog: Omigod, Harvey! Harvey, wake up!
128) 2) text: Scrawled across the top in yellow and red it read, "Our C Year." The drawing depicts Harvey doubled over on the fro lawn, groceries in the snow, with Joyce attempting to hel him up. A hand flips the book open and signs the inside l JOYCE and a healthy-looking HARVEY sit at a table signing copies of their opus. About fifteen or so people mill abo with copies.
129) 0) text: The place is still a mess but somehow it has a better vib than it had before. This might be due to the presence of  DANIELLE. She sits crossed legged on the floor making jew out of beads. JOYCE guides her. HARVEY shuffles into the room. He watches for a moment as Joyce and Danielle play. ANGLE ON JOYCE: There is an awkward expression almost  resembling a smile on her face. He interrupts them.
129) 2) text: Joyce looks up. Harvey looks like he's trying to hide  something.
129) 3) dialog: What is it Harvey?
129) 5) text: Joyce stops what she's doing and gulps. She hangs on Harv every word.
129) 7) text: Tears well in Harvey's eyes. Joyce breathes a sigh of rel and Danielle jumps up and runs over to Harvey. She hugs h
130) 0) text: HARVEY sits in the bleachers, watching JOYCE teach DANIEL to ice skate. Harvey's got a box of pizza next to him. He picks up a sl and chomps on it. The cheese drips out of his mouth onto shirt.
134) 4) text: HARVEY'S new edition of AMERICAN SPLENDOR is subtitled, " MOVIE YEAR." It features an illustration of HARVEY, JOYCE and DANIELLE surrounded by cameras, lights and crew.