10) 1) dialog: Okay. We're throwing a lot at ya  here, so lemme step in an' help ya  catch up. This is the story about  comic books, an' a guy who made a  whole life outta them. You could  even say comics saved his life. This  guy here, he's our man, Harvey Pekar --  all grown up and goin' nowhere.  Although he's a pretty scholarly  cat, he never got much of a formal  education. For the most part, he's  lived in shit neighborhoods, held  shit jobs, and is now knee deep into  a second disastrous marriage. So if  yer lookin' for romance or escapism  or some fantasy figure to save the  day, guess what? Ya got the wrong  movie.
16) 3) dialog: Here's our man walking home from the  doctor's. He's got the weight of the  world on him. And fer what, really?  'Cause his throat's a little screwy?  Man, people in India are starvin' to  death every day. His problems are  nothin'.
17) 1) dialog: Still, he can't help feelin' paranoid,  like some supernatural force is  conspiring against him to rob him of  his voice.
18) 1) dialog: Maybe his old lady will go easy on  him today, when she sees how upset  he is.
20) 1) dialog: Here's our man -- yeah alright, here's  me -- or the guy playin' me, anyway,  though he don't look nothin' like  me, but whatever. So it's a few months  later an' I'm workin' my flunky,  file-clerk gig at the V.A. Hospital.  My voice still ain't back yet. Things  seem like they can't get any worse...
24) 2) dialog: In the early sixties I was with some  buddies at a junk sale looking for  some choice sides when I met this  shy, retiring cat from Philadelphia  named Bob Crumb. You know the guy;  Fritz the Cat, Mr. Natural an' all --  they made a movie about him, too.
25) 1) dialog: So Crumb showed me this comic book  novel he was working on -- THE BIG  YUM YUM BOOK. I'd never seen anything  like it.
26) 1) dialog: Crumb and I hung out a lot back then.  We had records and comics in common.
26) 7) dialog: Eventually people got hip to Crumb's  art work and he started hangin' out  with a Bohemian crowd. After a while,  he got sick of greeting cards and  moved away to San Francisco where he  got the whole underground comic scene  off the ground.
26) 10) dialog: He'd come back ta Cleveland every  few years, an' people'd treat him  like a celebrity.
27) 2) dialog: Once he came to visit when I was  really feelin' bad. It was right  around the time of my throat  operation, an' right after my second  wife left me. At first it was pretty  weird. I mean, here my life was  falling apart an' everything was  going great for him. I was on my  second divorce an' he was a big hit  with the chicks. I was a nothin'  file clerk and he was this famous  cartoonist.
39) 1) dialog: Here's our man eight comics later, a  brand new decade, same old bullshit.  Yeah sure, he gets lots of recognition  for his writin' now. Sure his comics  are praised by all the important  media types tellin' people what to  think. But so what?  It's not like  he makes a livin' at it like Bob  Crumb. He can't go an' quit his day  job or nothin'.
39) 3) dialog: Who am I kiddin'. Truth is I'd be  lost without my work routine.
41) 2) dialog: So -- to stave off desperation and  feelings of uselessness -- I resigned  myself to a menial existence. But  hey, maybe the guy who's had a happy  life feels worse just before he dies  than th' guy who had a sad one. Or,  maybe not. I dunno. Maybe I just  needed a woman.
42) 3) text: ACTOR HARVEY steps out of the frame, revealing a craft se table behind him. At the table, the REAL HARVEY and the R TOBY load up on donuts. The two discuss the food on the s Ironically, the Real Toby is actually more extreme than t Actor who plays him -- even more robotic, and completely  incapable of eye-contact. The REAL TOBY discusses the finer points of nerdom and  evaluates the Actor's nerd quotient. The Real Harvey expl to Actor Toby that nothing -- not even gourmet jelly bean would have cheered him up at that point in his life. He was too lonely and depressed.
43) 1) dialog: My loneliness was unbearable, man.  Weekends were the worst. Sometimes  in my sleep, I'd feel a body next to  me like an amputee feels a phantom  limb.
44) 1) dialog: Sure my comics were bringin' me  notoriety, but my personal life was  in shambles. I thought a little  attention would make me feel better.  It only made me feel worse.
48) 19) dialog: When I got home, I finished reading  JENNIE GERHARDT. It was real good,  way better than I expected. That  Alice wuz right.
49) 1) dialog: Sure Lester -- the main character --  croaks in the end, but at least he's  old and dies a natural dignified  death.
49) 3) dialog: I was more alone that weekend than  any. All I did was think about JENNIE  GERHARDT an' Alice Quinn an' all the  decades of people I have known.
49) 5) dialog: The more I thought, the more I felt  like cryin'; Life seemed so sweet  an' so sad an' so hard t'let go of  in the end.
49) 7) dialog: But hey, man. Every day's a brand  new deal, right? Just keep on workin'  and sump'n's bound ta turn up.
73) 2) dialog: Okay, maybe I was bein' so harsh on  Toby onna count a' my own problems.
73) 3) dialog: Y'see, I wasn't even married a month  and my old lady was already showin'  signs a' trouble. Granted, I tend ta  get married fast 'cause I'll take  any woman that'll have me, but this  time I really met my match...
74) 3) text: THE REAL JOYCE and REAL HARVEY listen curiously -- someti pleased, sometimes displeased -- as their personalities a dissected and boiled down to a few phrases.
80) 1) dialog: If ya think readin' comics about yer  life seems strange, try watchin' a  play about it. God only knows how  I'll feel when I see this movie. But  truth be told, the play wasn't half  bad, and we got a free trip outta  it. Things were goin' pretty good  for a change. Variety called me "The  Blue Collar Mark Twain," and Doubleday  was interested in publishing an  anthology of "American Splendor." 
83) 1) dialog: I tried everything but nothin' could  get this woman outta bed.
83) 3) dialog: I mean she wouldn't get a job,  wouldn't go out, wouldn't make  friends, nothin'.
84) 1) dialog: Joyce diagnosed herself as "clinically  depressed." I don't know what the  hell she was goin' through but it  was sure takin' it's toll on me.
85) 2) dialog: Joyce finally got off the futon...
98) 1) dialog: It became clear pretty fast that I  was invited on the show just for  laughs. But what the hell did I care?  Letterman was an okay guy. Let him  take pot shots at me, s'long as I  got paid an' got to plug my comics.
99) 3) dialog: Funny thing is, somethin' about me  and Letterman clicked for the viewers.  He kept wantin' me back.
99) 7) dialog: Here was this slick, ambitious guy  with millions, winnin' over the  country by makin' light of everything.  And then there was me... A messy  loser with no dough who takes  everything too seriously.
100) 1) dialog: An it wasn't just me gettin' all the  attention. As a result of my  appearances on Letterman, my buddy  Toby Radloff landed a gig on MTV  extolling the virtues of White Castle  burgers...
100) 5) dialog: That day on the set with those MTV  jerks, I had an epiphany. It seemed  that real, salt of the earth people  like Toby an' me were bein' coopted  by these huge corporations. We were  gettin' held up and ridiculed as  losers in the system.  What can I  say, it was the 80's man.
102) 1) dialog: I guess it was good ta finally see  Joyce excited about somethin' of her  own. Sure I was happy for her. But I  was still upset for me.
102) 7) dialog: It was later that night when I first  found the lump.
103) 1) dialog: I was determined to put it outta my  mind until Joyce got back. Easier  said than done.
108) 2) dialog: I was startin' ta lose it. Between  the lump, the loneliness -- I felt  like everything wuz closin' in on  me. And with Joyce over there savin'  the world, I never felt more like a  sell-out hack in my life.
128) 3) dialog: Here's our man a year later. Somehow  I made it through the treatments,  an' the doctors are optimistic. I  guess Joyce was right about doin'  the big comic book. We published the  thing as a graphic novel -- our first  collaboration -- and ended up with  rave reviews. We even won the American  Book Award. Go figure...
130) 1) dialog: The weirdest thing that came outta  my illness was Danielle. With her  real mother runnin' around who knows  where, an' seein' how well her and  Joyce got on, Fred decided she'd  have a better life with us. I was  scared at first but then I thought,  what the hell. She's a good kid. So  we ended up takin' her an' raising  her as our own.
132) 7) dialog: Yeah, so I guess comics brought me a  lot. But don't think this is some  sunny, happy ending. Every day is  still a major struggle. Joyce an' I  fight like crazy, an' she barely  works. The kid's got A.D.D. and is a  real handful. My expenses have gone  up so much that I'm writin' freelance  'round the clock, just to make my  bills. My life is total chaos.
133) 2) dialog: With a little luck, I'll get a window  of good health between retirin' an  dyin'. The golden years, right? Who  knows. Between my pension and the  chunk of change I got for this movie,  I should be able to swing somethin'.  Sure I'll lose the war eventually,  but the goal is to win a few  skirmishes along the way. Right?