14) 0) text: Harvey approaches TOBY -- a dumpy 20-something going on 6 something in ridiculous, mismatched polyester clothing. H is odd, awkward and talks with a monotone, robotic voice. short, he is a super dork.
14) 1) dialog: Hi Harvey. You weren't in work today.  Are you okay, Harvey?
14) 3) dialog: (yelling after him) I'm heading downtown to the White  Castle. Wanna come, Harvey?
14) 4) text: Harvey leaves Toby behind and turns the corner.
36) 9) text: TOBY, the supernerd from the bus stop, grabs the comic bo off the table and peruses it.
36) 10) dialog: Harvey, am I in here? You promised I  would be in here.
36) 12) text: SUDDENLY, MR. BOATS -- Harvey's philosophical co-worker - pushes his way thorough the crowd. He snatches the comic of Toby's hand.
36) 14) dialog: Mr. Boats, it's not polite to grab  things. Next time --
41) 3) text: Toby comes in, decked out in plaid and stripes. He has an empty messenger bag.
41) 4) dialog: Hi, Harvey. Do you want these gourmet  jelly beans? I gave up sweets for  lent.
41) 7) text: Toby watches Harvey eat a few.
41) 9) dialog: I recommend the piГ±a coladas. They  are excellent and very authentic  tasting.
41) 10) text: Toby heads down a file row and proceeds to take a few off the shelves, stuffing his bag. Harvey gets up and comes a him.
41) 12) dialog: Sure. I don't see why not. You can't  eat meat on certain days, but lentils  should be acceptable anytime.
41) 14) dialog: I don't think so but I'll ask Sister  Mary Fred at church on Sunday.
41) 16) dialog: Harvey, you're funny. She's a nun.
41) 18) dialog: Harvey, she became a nun because she  had a higher calling.
41) 20) dialog: Well, Harvey, I like the ritual. And  I'm a very spiritual person. You  know, you should try believing in  something bigger than yourself. It  might cheer you up.
41) 21) text: Toby turns on his heels and walks off.
41) 23) text: Toby doesn't respond. Harvey shrugs and digs deep into the jelly bean bag. He p out a fistful.
42) 3) text: ACTOR HARVEY steps out of the frame, revealing a craft se table behind him. At the table, the REAL HARVEY and the R TOBY load up on donuts. The two discuss the food on the s Ironically, the Real Toby is actually more extreme than t Actor who plays him -- even more robotic, and completely  incapable of eye-contact. The REAL TOBY discusses the finer points of nerdom and  evaluates the Actor's nerd quotient. The Real Harvey expl to Actor Toby that nothing -- not even gourmet jelly bean would have cheered him up at that point in his life. He was too lonely and depressed.
70) 0) text: HARVEY approaches the building. Instead of dragging his f like usual, he seems to be floating on a cloud. We haven' seen Harvey this happy since... well, since never. He stops by a junker car and peeks in the window, finding TOBY eating lunch alone. He has an entire White Castle  smorgasbord spread across the front seat. Harvey knocks on the window. Toby rolls it down.
70) 2) dialog: (mouth full) No you can't have any of my White  Castle hamburgers so please don't  even ask.
70) 4) text: Harvey reaches for a handful of Toby's fries.
70) 5) dialog: Okay, but just a couple, Harvey. I'm  not going to eat dinner until very  late and this has got to hold me  over.
70) 6) text: Harvey leans in, always amused by Toby. He steals another fry.
70) 8) dialog: No, I'm driving to Toledo to see a  movie. Would you like to come?
70) 10) dialog: Oh. Why Delaware?
70) 12) dialog: It's not playing at the Mapletown. (a beat) I didn't know you had a girlfriend,  Harvey.
70) 14) text: Harvey opens the car door and slides in with Toby.
70) 16) dialog: It's a new film called "Revenge of  the Nerds." It's about a group of  nerd college students who are being  picked on all the time by the jocks,  so they decide to take revenge. I  already saw it once.
70) 18) dialog: I like it a lot, Harvey.
70) 20) dialog: Hmm... Nerds are smart but they look  and act differently than other people.  Like nerds might wear polyester button- down shirts and flood pants where  their ankles and their socks are  showing.
70) 21) text: Toby spills some catsup on his polyester button-down shir He stands up to get a napkin, revealing his flood pants.
70) 23) dialog: (rubbing out the catsup) Yes, I consider myself a nerd. And  this movie has uplifted me. There's  this one scene where a nerd grabs  the microphone during a pep rally  and announces that he is a nerd and  that he is proud of it and stands up  for the rights of other nerds. Then,  he asks the kids at the pep rally  who think they are nerds to come  forward... So nearly everyone in the  place does. That's the way the movie  ends.
70) 25) dialog: (smiling) Yes.
70) 26) text: Harvey grabs the rest of Toby's fries and opens the door leave.
70) 28) dialog: (finishing his last  burger) Right. Harvey, how long are you going  to be in Delaware because I'd really  like to see this movie with you?
70) 30) dialog: Depends on the girl. What kind of  girl is your new bride? Is she a  nerd?
70) 32) text: Toby watches Harvey saunter off. He returns to his last  hamburger.
71) 0) text: A brightly lit marquee reads, "REVENGE OF THE NERDS." The doors to the theater open and a crowd pours onto the stre HARVEY, JOYCE and TOBY are among them. Toby proudly wears "Genuine Nerd" button on his striped shirt.
71) 2) dialog: Yes. It's about time that the people  who get picked on get to be the  heroes.
71) 10) text: Joyce folds her arms in disapproval. Toby starts to laugh
71) 11) dialog: You're funny Harvey.
75) 14) dialog: Hello Joyce. Is Harvey home?
75) 15) text: Joyce turns to Harvey and points to Toby.
100) 8) dialog: Hamburgers are a safer addiction  than drugs. Say no to drugs. Say yes  to White Castle!
110) 0) text: TOBY and his GRANDMOTHER watch HARVEY raise hell on Lette Again, we can't see the screen.
110) 2) text: Toby's grandmother passes him a plate of cookies.
126) 22) text: Now, numerous images of Harvey's many years at the V.A.  Hospital float by: Harvey filing, Harvey arguing with his boss, Harvey and Toby, etc.