3) 1) text: The screen is filled with the visage of a nervous-looking GIRL. She is being interviewed by ASAKAWA, a female reporter se offscreen.
3) 3) dialog: Uh-huh.
3) 5) dialog: Uh-huh. The girl looks directly at the camera, her mouth dropping von as she’s suddenly overcome by a kind of stage fright. She staring, silently, at the camera.
4) 0) text: KOMIYA, the cameraman, has lowered his camera. We can now see that the young girl being interviewed is seated at a table bet friends, a SHORT-HAIRED GIRL (GIRL#2) and a LONG-HAIRED G #3). They are all dressed in the UNIFORMS of junior high schoo Opposite them sits Komiya and Asakawa, a pretty woman in twenties. A BOOM MIKE GUY stands to the left.
4) 3) dialog: Sorry.
4) 6) dialog: What I heard was, all of a sudden this scaaarry lady comes on the screen and says, “In one week, you will die.”
4) 7) dialog: I heard that if you’re watching TV late at night it’1l come on, and then your phone’ll ring.
4) 9) dialog: Mmmm... I heard some local station, around Izu.
4) 13) dialog: Well, no one that we know, right? Girl #2 nods her head. Girl #3 nods slowly, opens and clo mouth as if deciding whether to say something or not. The reporter notices.
4) 15) dialog: I heard this from a friend of mine in high school. She said that there was this one girl who watched the video, and then died a week later. She was out on a drive with her boyfriend.
4) 17) dialog: No, their car was parked, but they were both dead inside. Her boyfriend died because he’d watched the video, too. That’s what my friend said. Girl #3 grows suddenly defensive. GIRL #3 (cont’d) It’s true! It was in the paper two or three days ago.
4) 19) dialog: No... I heard this from my friend, and it didn’t happen at her school. She heard it from a friend at a different school, she said. INT. NEWS STATION —- DAY Asakawa is seated at her DESK. The station is filled with scrabbling to meet deadlines. Komiya walks up to Asakawa’ and holds out a MANILA FOLDER.
7) 0) text: RED PAPER LANTERNS mark this place as the site of a wake. GIRLS in high school uniforms are standing together and t groups. Asakawa and Yoichi, walking hand in hand, enter t
12) 0) text: Asakawa stands now at the entrance of the house. Dazedly, walks toward a large, hand-painted PLACARD. The placard r that the wake is being held for a student of the Seikei S for Women. Asakawa stares at that placard, making the mental connect She turns abruptly, walks towards a nearby TRIO of HIGH S GIRLS.
12) 3) dialog: They all died the same day. Youko. Tomoko. Even Iwata, he was ina motorcycle accident.
12) 4) dialog: Because they watched the video.
12) 6) dialog: That’s what Youko said. They all watched some weird video, and after that their phone rang.
12) 8) dialog: She just said they all stayed somewhere.
12) 9) dialog: There was a girl with Tomoko when she died. She’s had to be hospitalized for shock.
44) 7) text: There is now a second person in the vision, an ELDERLY MA old- fashioned tweed SUIT standing behind the young girl. He s produces some BLADED OBJECT, and strikes the girl savagel the back of the head. The girl falls forward. The man drops to the ground, grab girl behind the knees and hoisting her limp BODY over the lip the well. The body falls into its depths. Panting heavily, the man leans forward and grasps the lip well with both hands, looking down. He flashes a guilty look i direction, checking that his crime has gone unnoticed, an does so Asakawa realizes that she knows this face. The image f videotape, like a face in the moon: it had been Sadako in well, looking up to see this man staring back down at her. This man whose name is Professor Ikuma Heihachiro.
44) 60) dialog: They say there’s a way you can stay alive after you watch the video. You've gotta make a copy of it, and show it to somebody else inside a week.
44) 62) dialog: Well, then they make a copy and show it to somebody else. Again, inside a week.
44) 63) dialog: (laughing) Then there’s no end to it.
44) 64) dialog: That’s just it. There -is- no end. But if it meant not dying... you’d do it wouldn’t you? Asakawa’s eyes begin to well. Her car speeds along the hi to the direction of menacing-looking STORM CLOUDS. Caption-- “September 22nd. Wednesday.” FADE TO BLACK as the CAPTION turns blood red.