3) 1) text: The screen is filled with the visage of a nervous-looking GIRL. She is being interviewed by ASAKAWA, a female reporter se offscreen.
4) 0) text: KOMIYA, the cameraman, has lowered his camera. We can now see that the young girl being interviewed is seated at a table bet friends, a SHORT-HAIRED GIRL (GIRL#2) and a LONG-HAIRED G #3). They are all dressed in the UNIFORMS of junior high schoo Opposite them sits Komiya and Asakawa, a pretty woman in twenties. A BOOM MIKE GUY stands to the left.
4) 7) dialog: I heard that if you’re watching TV late at night it’1l come on, and then your phone’ll ring.
4) 9) dialog: Mmmm... I heard some local station, around Izu.
4) 15) dialog: I heard this from a friend of mine in high school. She said that there was this one girl who watched the video, and then died a week later. She was out on a drive with her boyfriend.
4) 17) dialog: No, their car was parked, but they were both dead inside. Her boyfriend died because he’d watched the video, too. That’s what my friend said. Girl #3 grows suddenly defensive. GIRL #3 (cont’d) It’s true! It was in the paper two or three days ago.
4) 19) dialog: No... I heard this from my friend, and it didn’t happen at her school. She heard it from a friend at a different school, she said. INT. NEWS STATION —- DAY Asakawa is seated at her DESK. The station is filled with scrabbling to meet deadlines. Komiya walks up to Asakawa’ and holds out a MANILA FOLDER.
7) 0) text: RED PAPER LANTERNS mark this place as the site of a wake. GIRLS in high school uniforms are standing together and t groups. Asakawa and Yoichi, walking hand in hand, enter t
12) 0) text: Asakawa stands now at the entrance of the house. Dazedly, walks toward a large, hand-painted PLACARD. The placard r that the wake is being held for a student of the Seikei S for Women. Asakawa stares at that placard, making the mental connect She turns abruptly, walks towards a nearby TRIO of HIGH S GIRLS.
44) 7) text: There is now a second person in the vision, an ELDERLY MA old- fashioned tweed SUIT standing behind the young girl. He s produces some BLADED OBJECT, and strikes the girl savagel the back of the head. The girl falls forward. The man drops to the ground, grab girl behind the knees and hoisting her limp BODY over the lip the well. The body falls into its depths. Panting heavily, the man leans forward and grasps the lip well with both hands, looking down. He flashes a guilty look i direction, checking that his crime has gone unnoticed, an does so Asakawa realizes that she knows this face. The image f videotape, like a face in the moon: it had been Sadako in well, looking up to see this man staring back down at her. This man whose name is Professor Ikuma Heihachiro.