1) 0) text: On a taxi arriving at the Delta terminal of Kennedy Airpo A man in a well-tailored gray suit gets out of the taxi. CUT TO a CLOSER SHOT of the man as he pays the cabbie. He WILLCOX HILLYER, the middle-aged "Buddy" of this story an the observer through whose eyes it is seen. He has a dry, ironic, rather agreeable manner and he should seem like everyone's idea of a successful author, a slightly grayin trim, still-youthful-looking fifty. The CAMERA follows hi he walks into the terminal carrying a small travel bag.
15) 0) text: A shot of a thirteen-year-old boy on the front porch of a house in the sleepy Depression South of many years ago. H BUDDY, Willcox Hillyer as a boy. The MUSIC continues as h shades his eyes to look at something far away.
17) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy on the porch. Expressionless, unreadable, neither friendly nor hostile, he stares with even gaze directly into the CAMERA. He has his hands on h hips in a distinctive way that we will later see is a mannerism of his father's. Buddy tries to imitate the style of his father, not alway with complete success. Unreadable as a Sphinx, he stands there, waiting.
18) 3) dialog: Lots of things. Buddy, mostly.
18) 5) dialog: Sure. Let me take your suitcase. A warm and beautiful smile comes on Rose's face and a lit twinkle comes into her eyes. The innocence and sweetness not lost, that is never lost, but this is a girl who like boys and men.
19) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy's mother, Mrs. Hillyer, in a Morri chair in her bedroom study. MOTHER is a sensitive, kind and rather appealing if sligh eccentric lady of about 37 or 38. She wears glasses, has Victorian hairdo and a 1930ish style dress. At the moment Mother is absorbed in her studies -- notebooks and histor books are littered and piled everywhere around her chair. is drinking a Coca-Cola and smoking a cigarette held by a bobbie pin. Calmly, she glances up as Buddy enters the ro The CAMERA pulls back to include him.
19) 1) dialog: The new girl is here.
19) 3) dialog: She talks a great deal and smiles a lot. She's very pretty, she has a real good figure. She's very girlish or womanish, if you know what I mean. She wouldn't hurt anybody, this girl. She couldn't. Mother accepts her son's precocious pronouncement as perfectly normal; talks to him as if he's an adult.
19) 5) dialog: You mean confirmed, Mother. I didn't confirm it before. I would have had to confirm it previously, in order for it to be reconfirmed.
19) 7) dialog: In the kitchen drinking all the ice water in Glenville. She walked out here, she didn't go by the hotel.
20) 0) text: A shot of Mother, Rose, Buddy, Doll and Waski in the livi room of the Hillyer household. DOLL is a pretty little gi of about 11, WASKI a boy of 5. Mother's tone is very gent very sweet, very kind. Her unabashed admiration for her o children has an ingenuousness that is more amusing than offensive.
22) 0) text: Rose is washing the dishes while the children finish breakfast. Buddy looks up from this cornflakes with a slightly sly expression.
22) 1) dialog: Rose, who were those scoundrels in Birmingham?
22) 3) dialog: But who were they?
22) 5) dialog: In what sense were they bad?
22) 7) dialog: Did they try to induce you to become a prostitute? Rose turns around, lifts her eyebrows, tosses down the dishcloth.
22) 9) dialog: Was that what they tried to do? Was that why Daddy gave you the job, to save you from those scoundrels?
22) 11) dialog: Hey, Rose, did you hear about that terrible thing down in Cave Springs?
22) 13) dialog: There was this old man that ate his niece. Rose stares emptily for a moment, then bites her lips together.
22) 15) dialog: He really did, he ate his little niece. He made pork chops out of her.
22) 17) dialog: Well, it's only the truth. There are horrible things in the world, Rose.
22) 19) dialog: Rose is almost as sentimental as Mother. If there's one thing I can't stand it's sentimentality. In Chattanooga this man committed an almost perfect murder. He killed his wife with a black widow spider.
26) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy in the window of the kitchen. He i propped on his elbows and listening with keen interest to talk on the patio. We hear the VOICES of his parents OVER shot.
26) 3) dialog: Daddy says Rose is calm as lettuce. Do you believe that, Doll?
26) 6) dialog: Oh, Waski, you don't even know what we're talking about.
28) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy and Doll and Waski in the kitchen. Doll and Waski are playing parchesi on the kitchen table. Buddy turns from eavesdropping at the window and strolls across the kitchen, hands in his khaki pants.
28) 1) dialog: It's pitiful. Neither one of them know.
28) 3) dialog: No, he doesn't. Not really. The CAMERA FOLLOWS Buddy as he goes to the hall door, carefully opens it to make no noise and peers down the ha
29) 0) text: CUT TO a POV shot of Rose busy dusting hall furniture, humming as she works. We hear on the track the SOUND of t Model-A starting, and Rose freezes. Then, quickly, Rose hurries down the hall toward the front door. ON Buddy as he watches her through a crack in the door. H has his hands on his hips Daddy-style and his face is expressionless. ANOTHER ANGLE, POV of Buddy but CLOSER on Rose at the end the hall. She is staring soulfully through the glass of t front door as we hear the Model-A go down the driveway. R lifts a hand between her breasts, sighs. A lovesick expression is on her face.
30) 0) text: ON Buddy, as he comes back into the kitchen sadly shaking head.
30) 1) dialog: It's really pitiful. She's in bad shape.
30) 3) dialog: Yeah.
30) 6) dialog: Oh, Waski, you don't know anything.
30) 8) dialog: All right, what do you know?
31) 0) text: A shot of the family at dinner in the dining room at nigh Daddy is at the head of the table, Mother is at the other end. Buddy, Doll and Waski are all seated in neat, nice clothe hands washed and hair combed. Rose is serving, but a plac set for her. She wears an attractive little apron and is smiling, blushing, happy as Daddy teases and jokes at her
34) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy and Doll tiptoeing down the darken hall toward the front door. We hear the MODEL-A going dow the drive. They peer out of the glass of the front door. whisper.
34) 1) dialog: There goes Mother.
34) 3) dialog: Let's go peep from the living room.
35) 0) text: The CAMERA FOLLOWS them as they tiptoe into the darkened living room. They go over to the sliding doors and silent struggle for the best peeping spot. Buddy gets up high, D down low, at the crack in the doors through which light shines.
37) 0) text: CUT TO a CLOSE-UP of Buddy and Doll, their heads together They whisper.
37) 2) dialog: At least.
39) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy and Doll. Doll is down near the fl and can't see as well. They whisper.
39) 2) dialog: They're discussing it.
39) 4) dialog: This is my place and you can't have it.
39) 6) dialog: (his eyes open wide) He's trying to get up -- good God, one of her titties is out!
41) 0) text: CUT BACK TO Buddy and Doll. Buddy is frustrated now.
41) 1) dialog: Now I can't see. What are they doing?
42) 0) text: A POV shot of scene as observed by Buddy. He is up too hi the dining table blocks his view. We see the lower half o Rose and Daddy. Rose's skirt is up well above her knees.
43) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy and Doll.
43) 2) dialog: What are they doing?
43) 4) dialog: What are they doing, Doll?
43) 6) dialog: Is that all?
43) 8) dialog: Let me look.  (can't stand it, grabs her around waist and pulls her away; eagerly looks, sags) Aww-rr... CUT TO a POV shot of the scene in the dining room.
45) 0) text: CUT TO Buddy and Doll.
45) 1) dialog: (disappointed) She's putting the titty back.
47) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy and Doll as they peep at the door. Doll whispers angrily at him.
47) 2) dialog: You shouldn't watch such things, Doll. They continue to peep with interest through the crack in doors.
49) 0) text: CUT TO Buddy and Doll in the darkened living room. He gestures that they'd better leave, and they do. The CAMER FOLLOWS them as they tiptoe out of the living room.
50) 0) text: ANOTHER ANGLE, on Buddy and Doll as they tiptoe up the fr stairs.
51) 0) text: ON Buddy and Doll at the top of the stairs. They pause to talk and now they don't have to whisper. Doll is happy, pleased.
51) 2) dialog: (dryly, aloof; he doesn't mean this really) Wonderful? He kissed her and played with her titty, and I don't see anything so great about that. He was probably afraid Mother would come back early and catch him.
51) 4) dialog: (quietly, to himself) Thermopylae. The Persians shall not pass. It is obvious that secretly Buddy admires very much his father's behavior.
52) 0) text: A shot of Buddy at night in his small bedroom. He wears a rather skimpy old-fashioned nightshirt that co midway between his hips and knees. At the moment he is finishing brushing his teeth at the bureau, using an old fashioned water pitcher and bowl. The CAMERA FOLLOWS as h walks across the room in the light of the lamp by his bed looks around cautiously, then picks up the mattress of hi bed. He pushes it far back and we see springs. He takes o small "book" or pamphlet and stares gravely at it. CLOSE-UP: The front cover of the pamphlet. We see the ove title: LITTLE DIRTY COMIC BOOKS. And beneath it: BLONDIE DAGWOOD. And beneath that, in smaller letters: "Mr. Dithe Comes to Dinner -- and How!" We see Buddy's hands in the shot, and he opens the pamphlet and we catch enough of a glimpse of the thing to know it is pretty awful -- a draw maybe of "Blondie" stark naked with a finger in her mouth going, "Tee-Hee!" ON Buddy, as he stares down with grave intentness at the Little Dirty Comic Book. Slyly now, he retraces his steps the bureau and takes out a flashlight. He goes back to th bed, switches off the lamp, gets in the bed and turns on flashlight and pulls the covers over his head. We hear a faint SOUND on the track and Buddy suddenly yanks back th covers, puts the flashlight on the table by the bed and throws the Little Dirty Comic Book under the bed. He lies pillow and pretends he's asleep, and we hear the door of room OPEN and a CREAKING on the floor. ANOTHER ANGLE, on a weepy Rose in a very thin nightgown. shot is FROM BELOW as Buddy might see her as she stands o his bed. She looks very lonely and unhappy and is half crying.
52) 2) dialog: No, I'm awake. What's the matter?
52) 4) dialog: Well, all right. ANOTHER ANGLE, on Rose and Buddy in the bed in the moonli It is all innocent enough, Buddy is a child and Rose obviously has no lewd intent in getting into his bed. She lies back on a pillow staring up at the ceiling and smoki cigarette.
52) 6) dialog: What is it, Rose?
52) 8) dialog: (a little smile) What'd you do, Rose?
52) 10) dialog: You were pretty bad, huh?
52) 12) dialog: (slyly, pretends he doesn't know) But, Rose, what is the cause of it all?
52) 14) dialog: But, Rose, how could such a thing as that happen?
52) 16) dialog: (casually) Can I touch you here? Before she can answer, he touches her breast with his fin through her nightgown.
52) 17) dialog: Hmmm, it's soft. It's awful soft.
52) 19) dialog: Well, I thought they were more like a cantaloupe.
52) 21) dialog: (touches her breast more boldly, his hand outside the nightgown) There's some kind of gristle in it, though.
52) 23) dialog: Actually, I am, though.
52) 25) dialog: Can I put my hand inside your nightgown, Rose?
52) 27) dialog: Rose, can't I see what the nipple on it is like?
52) 29) dialog: But I'm curious, Rose. Puts his hand in her nightgown.
52) 31) dialog: Just for a second. Please, Rose, what's the harm?
52) 33) dialog: Aw, come on, Rose, I want to see what the nipple on it is like.
52) 35) dialog: Aw, be a good sport, Rose.  (sweetly, almost sugarily) You like me, don't you? I like you a lot.
54) 0) text: CUT BACK to Buddy and Rose in bed. He has evidently sweet talked her into letting him fiddle with her; his hand is- her nightgown. There is no indication of lewd interest on Rose's part, a peeved and exasperated look is on her face Buddy seems quite fascinated, however.
54) 2) dialog: Hmmph. It has a nipple, all right.
54) 4) dialog: First I couldn't feel it, but now I feel it easily, it's like a little acorn.
54) 6) dialog: That was very interesting. Thank you, Rose.
54) 8) dialog: (pensively, with the solemn pedanticness of a precocious child) It was softer'n I thought, that was my main impression. You know, if you hit a girl there it would hurt her a lot.
54) 10) dialog: Well, some fiend might.
54) 12) dialog: There's an evil streak in everybody, Rose.
54) 14) dialog: Rose, I have a serious favor to ask you.
54) 16) dialog: (trying to be casual) Rose, since you're here in bed with me and everything and I've already touched your titty... Can't quite say it; leans over and whispers in her ear an don't hear what he says.
54) 18) dialog: I'm curious to see what it's like. I'm very curious, Rose.
54) 20) dialog: Yeah, but satisfaction brought him back. Can I?
54) 22) dialog: Can't I touch it a little, Rose -- not a lot, just a little?
54) 24) dialog: Please, Rose. I'm curious, that's all, I have a natural curiosity, it's only human. You're my friend, aren't you? Don't you like me?  (again sweetly, almost sugarily) I like you, Rose, a lot -- in fact, I love you.
54) 26) dialog: Yes, I do. Please, Rose, be a good sport.
54) 28) dialog: I'm thirteen. And I have a natural curiosity. It's only nature, Rose, that's all. Now what's wrong with nature, huh?
56) 0) text: A shot close on Rose and Buddy in bed. Evidently Rose has weakened and is allowing him to fiddle with her, but we c only surmise this, the shot is on their heads and shoulde and a cloud has crossed the moon, the light is more dim. different look is on her face, a solemn expression as if is listening to some far away sound that she finds strang haunting. She moistens her lips, speaks in a slightly fee voice.
56) 2) dialog: But Rose...
56) 4) dialog: Am I hurting you?
56) 6) dialog: But why, if I'm not hurting you?
59) 0) text: CUT TO a very CLOSE SHOT on Rose's face. The light is dim we see perspiration on her forehead. Her breathing is not normal. Her eyes are shut tight, her teeth are clenched. CUT TO a shot CLOSE on Buddy. We do not see what he is do but evidently he is fiddling with her. He seems quite interested in the proceedings.
59) 1) dialog: Rose, beyond a doubt this is the most fascinating experience of my life.
61) 0) text: CUT TO a shot close on Rose ai Buddy in the bed. The shot of their heads and shoulders. She has an arm very tight around his shoulders and her ey are shut tight. The moment of truth is at hand.
63) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Rose and Buddy in the bed. The extremity her crime has dawned on Rose and she is sitting up in the with a look of horror on her face. Buddy is staring worri at her.
63) 1) dialog: Rose, are you all right? Are you sick or something?
63) 4) dialog: (a trifle too piously) Don't worry, Rose, I won't tell a soul.
63) 6) dialog: (sweetly) Good night, Rose.
66) 1) dialog: Wait till you hear what happened! Now you wont believe this, Doll, but Rose came in my room and got in my bed last night... ANOTHER ANGLE on Buddy from below with candlelight giving child's face a sinister look. Now he has "Dracula" teeth evil arched eyebrows.
66) 2) dialog: ... and she sweated and snorted like a horse and had a horrible fit, her eyebrows were all scrunched up and she groaned like she was eying and foamed at the mouth!
71) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy half asleep in bed. The light of t lamp by his bed goes on and he sleepily opens his eyes. T CAMERA COMES BACK and we see Rose in her nightgown standi by his bedside. She is very pale and tears are on her che
71) 2) dialog: (rather coolly) I said I wouldn't. 
71) 4) dialog: Well, I don't know what you're worried about. It was my idea, I was the one who thought of it, not you. The CAMERA PULLS BACK to include Rose. She is staring at boy with hopeless despair.
71) 6) dialog: (very solemnly) Rose, they could stick splinters under my fingernails, and I will never say a word! I will never tell them, because... I love you!
73) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Rose and Buddy. Rose is sitting on the b beside him and she has dried her tears and got herself in hand.
73) 2) dialog: (a wee mite puzzled) You're going to get yourself up and go out?
74) 0) text: A shot of a coolly angry Mother in the kitchen. It is lat morning. As she talks the CAMERA PULLS BACK to show a sheepish Buddy standing "on the carpet before her. The ot children, Doll and Waski, are seated at the kitchen table having hamburgers for lunch. They are happily smiling wit schadenfreude amusement at their brother's discomfiture.
74) 2) dialog: (sheepish) Mother, I have to tell the truth. I wasn't reading Huckleberry Finn, I was reading one of those Little Dirty Comic Books.
74) 12) dialog: (wanly) Mother, cant you make it calomel instead of castor oil?
74) 14) dialog: (he is resigned, there's no way out; he makes a face, swallows the castor oil) Geccch, yehh, guhhhh!
74) 16) dialog: Uhhh, gahdam stuff! 
74) 18) dialog: I said ahhh-dam stuff. 
74) 20) dialog: Yes, I did, mother. Your hearing aid isn't working right. I said ahhh-dam stuff.
74) 22) dialog: Shut up, Doll. I'll cut your guts
74) 24) dialog: Quiet, you little muddy-eyed brat, or Ill kill you!
74) 26) dialog: She's getting herself up to go out.
74) 28) dialog: She's getting herself up to go out. I think she's coming down the hall now.
74) 32) dialog: Here comes Daddy.
74) 49) dialog: Heh, what a hypocrite.
75) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Rose and Buddy as they walk out onto the patio of the house. Rose walks down the steps to the flow garden and Buddy follows. ANOTHER ANGLE on Rose and Buddy as Rose picks a red rose puts it in her hair.'
75) 2) dialog: Yeah.
77) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Rose and Buddy waiting in a Model A. Ros smiling, happy to be going out. The red rose is prominent her hair, Daddy walks INTO THE SHOT, gets into the driver seat of the car, He glances in a wry manner at the flower her hair.
79) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy, Rose and Buddy in the car. Buddy in the middle. Daddy is staring expressionlessly straight ahead. His tone is sternly neutral as he speaks.
79) 2) dialog: Well, a little.
79) 4) dialog: (a trifle uncomfortable) Well, yeah. Both Rose and Buddy begin to look increasingly tense. Hawkshaw the Detective is on the scent. Daddy stares ahea
81) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy, Rose and Buddy in the car. Daddy turns and stares sternly at Buddy.
81) 2) dialog: (scared, but a good liar) No. Why should Rose be in my room? Daddy sternly scans them both. They stare back "innocentl at him. Finally he seems to accept it.
83) 0) text: CUT TO a shot through the side window on Rose, Buddy and Daddy.
84) 0) text: CUT TO a front shot of Daddy and Buddy in the car as they stare after Rose.
85) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of POV Daddy and Buddy of Rose walking alon MUSIC.
86) 0) text: CUT TO Daddy and Buddy. Daddy slowly shakes his head, shi gears..
92) 0) text: On Daddy and Buddy in the car.
94) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy and Buddy in the car, watching Ros
96) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy and Buddy in the car, watching.
98) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy and Buddy.
100) 0) text: CUT TO Daddy and Buddy. Daddy is staring pensively at the scene.
100) 2) dialog: I don't know.
108) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Rose washing dishes in the kitchen. As usual, she is in a cheerful good humor. We see Buddy at t kitchen table building a model airplane. Mother comes INT THE SHOT, worried, frowning.
112) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy and Rose in the kitchen.
112) 1) dialog: Rose, you must know who the fellow is.
114) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of a worried-looking Mother on the front po of the house. Buddy and a meek-looking Rose are in the background in the doorway. A weary, out-of-breath Daddy c INTO THE SHOT and walks up the steps, straw hat in hand.
120) 0) text: A SHOT of the family at dinner at night. Daddy, Mother, R Buddy, Doll and Waski. The SHOT FAVORS Mother.
121) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy in his room at night. He is dresse and at a study table listening with cheap earphones to a homemade crystal radio set. Enter a rather somber-faced D in her nightgown.
121) 1) dialog: (listening) Chattanooga. I had St. Louis, Missouri.
121) 3) dialog: So am I.
121) 5) dialog: (takes off earphones, gives it a moment of grave consideration, then his opinion) It isn't that she hasn't got any sense, Doll. Her basic intelligence is probably above average, maybe quite a bit above average.
121) 7) dialog: Dumbness doesn't concern her, Doll. And neither does smartness. You see
121) 13) dialog: Oh, boy. Oh, boy, oh boy. Daddy isn't going to like this.
121) 16) dialog: Come on! He and Doll hurry from the room.
122) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy and Doll running down the upstairs hall and down the stairs. The CAM M FOLLOWS them down the stairs.
123) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy and Doll as they slow down and cre cautiously down the back hall to the back porch. We hear men yelling somewhere out in the dark bushes.
125) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy and Doll as they cower in awe in t downstairs hall. Daddy walks up to them carrying the shot He is grim and furious, but his voice is surprisingly cal
126) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy and Doll in the upstairs hall. Dol meekly goes to her room. Buddy hesitates, looks at Rose's door, glances nervously at the stairs, then goes to Rose's door, knocks softly, o it.
127) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy and Rose as he stands in the doorw of her room. Rose is sitting on the edge of her bed in he nightgown, a damp cloth held against her jaw which seems little swollen. A look of fear and guilt is on her face.
127) 2) dialog: (quietly) Rose, if you don't keep your boyfriends away from the house, Daddy is going to fire you.
129) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Mother, Rose and Buddy in a dentist's waiting room. Rose is holding a rubber ice bag to her jaw which is quite swollen. She is groaning and half weeping pain.
131) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Mother and Buddy in the waiting room. En Dr. Winton with a little frown.
132) 0) text: A shot of Daddy behind the wheel of the model-A. Rose lie pale and exhausted on Mother's shoulder on the front seat trace of bloody gauze can be seen in her mouth and her ey are closed. Buddy is on the back seat.
133) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of the Model-A in the driveway of the Hilly home. Mother helps Rose out of the car, but Rose can't st on her feet. Daddy has to catch her from falling. Daddy p her up in his arms and carries her up the steps as Buddy ahead to open the front door.
134) 0) text: A shot of Mother and Daddy and Buddy on the patio. It is beautiful sunny morning. Mother and Daddy are seated at a outdoor table about to have coffee. Daddy is opening mail Buddy, in the b.g., is gluing up a kite. Enter a smiling healthy Rose with orange juice, toast, cups and coffee on tray.
135) 0) text: A shot of Daddy peering down at an old pool table in the mezzanine of the family hotel. Buddy stands by with a poo stick in hand. In the b.g., we see a black bellboy, SHADR approaching.
136) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy going down the hotel stairs. He ho onto the banister, sliding with his hands far ahead in or to take four and even five steps at a time -- it is a childish trick, the point of the game is to touch as few stairs as possible. ANOTHER ANGLE, on Buddy as he jumps down the last remaini five steps and walks into the lobby. Daddy comes from beh the desk, grim.
137) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy and Buddy in the Model-A. Daddy st grimly ahead. Buddy steals a worried glance at him.
138) 0) text: CUT TO a shot in the local jail. The shot is on Daddy as stands before jail bars staring sternly into a cell. His hands are on his hips, his straw hat is on the back of hi head and a bit to one side. Buddy stands beside him, a li bit behind, a worried look on his face. The CHIEF OF POLI a fat man, is on the other side of Daddy. CUT TO a POV shot of Rose in the cell. Her hair is mussed her dress is torn. A little innocent, frightened smile is her face. The CAMERA PANS to include Daddy and the Chief Police.
139) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy, Rose and Buddy in the Model A. Da stares grimly ahead, silent. Buddy looks solemn. Rose is badly frightened and still coughing. Finally she ventures little smile and speaks to Daddy.
141) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy, Rose and Buddy in the car. She tr again.
142) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of a shaky, slumped Rose going up the steps with Buddy as the Model A drives away. Rose is coughing, looks miserable.
143) 0) text: A SHOT of Buddy and Doll in the living room of the Hillye home at night. Doll is half-heartedly practicing scales o the piano and Buddy is pacing the floor, hands clasped be him in something like the style of his father. As the CAM FOLLOWS Buddy in his pacing we see Waski playing with mar on the floor.
143) 2) dialog: They've been in there the longest kind of time. I can't stand it, I gotta find out what's going on.
144) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy coming with great furtiveness from living room out into the front hall. Very cautiously, he tiptoes across the hall and bows down and listens at the of his mother's bedroom-study. He crouches down, peeps through the keyhole.
146) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy crouched at the keyhole. With grea alacrity, he jumps up and hurries across the hall and shu the living room door just as Daddy whisks open the bedroo door. Daddy grimaces.
148) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy in the hall. He jumps up and hurri across the hall into the living room. Again, as the livin room door shuts the bedroom door opens. Mother starts up stairs, her mouth determined.
149) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy and Doll and Waski in the living r
149) 2) dialog: Mother is struggling desperately. In fact she's fighting like a tiger. But I don't know, it's close, it's mighty close.
149) 4) dialog: (aloofly, like Daddy) Doll, don't ask childish questions.
149) 6) dialog: Oh, Waski, you don't even know what we're talking about.
153) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy, Doll and Waski in the front hall. They are badly frightened, even terrified. The CAMERA PANS to show the ambulance attendants carrying Rose strapped in a stretcher down the stairs, as Mother h and Daddy follows, both of them very worried. Rose is conscious now and her eyes roll with terror toward the children.
154) 0) text: A shot of Mother, Daddy, Buddy, Doll and Waski in the corridor of a hospital. All look very solemn. A nurse lea them to a door and opens it.
157) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Mother, Daddy, Buddy, Doll and Waski as Daddy comes out of the Doctor's office and shuts the door
159) 2) dialog: Rose, you are too uncritical of people.
159) 4) dialog: He did?
159) 6) dialog: Rose, I have got doubts about that doctor and so does Daddy.
159) 8) dialog: Yeah, I'd believe it.
159) 10) dialog: Rose, you are just entirely too uncritical of people.
161) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy and Rose in Rose's bedroom.
162) 2) dialog: Yeah, he's still up there.
162) 7) dialog: (a half audible murmur) Excuse me, gotta go to bathroom.
162) 9) dialog: I'll be right back. The CAMERA FOLLOWS Buddy as he slips out during following speech.
163) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy as he goes down the hall, eyes narrowed. ON Buddy posted in the doorway of the living room. He has hands on his hips Daddy-style and is staring sternly up t stairs. CUT TO A POV SHOT of Dr. Martinson with his black bag in and shoulders hunched coming down the stairs. The man is slinking, has quilt written all over him. As he goes down stairs he glances to one side, sees Buddy and frowns. The gives a sudden nervous start of fright as we hear Daddy's voice loud on the TRACK.
163) 4) dialog: I don't know. But you better watch him like a hawk, if he comes back again.
169) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy and Buddy in a rose garden below t windows of the house. It is Hawkshaw the Detective and his Unwilling Assistant. Daddy solemnly points to dim marks in the flower bed.
169) 2) dialog: (reluctantly) Well, it's not very plain.
169) 4) dialog: But how would you find him?
169) 6) dialog: Well, I don't know.  (trying to sound like a fellow detective, but doesn't want Rose to get caught) No, I don't know, Daddy, I think the rain has obscured it.
170) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy and Buddy back in the garage. They scrutinizing a wooden ladder that hangs on pegs alongside garage. All Daddy needs is a cap and a pipe to be a dead ringer for Sherlock Holmes. He is in dead earnest about t it is no Joke and he does not dream of being funny.
170) 2) dialog: Well... maybe...
172) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy, Doll and Waski in the upstairs. T tiptoe along furtively.
174) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy leading Doll and Waski down the st of the cellar. The CAMERA follows as they walk past an ancient coal-burning furnace and...
175) 0) text: climb up into 'a crawl space beneath the front of the hou A shot of Buddy, Doll and Waski crawling along on dirt in crawl space under the house. They come to a floor heat ventillator grill and stop. Buddy holds his fingers to hi lips and listens intently.
177) 0) text: CUT TO a shot CLOSE on Buddy, Doll and Waski in the crawl space. Buddy is smiling in relief. He whispers to Doll an Waski.
177) 1) dialog: He's not going to fire her.
179) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy, Doll and Waski as they climb from crawl space down into the cellar by the furnace.
179) 2) dialog: Sense doesn't mean anything to Rose. But I think we're on safe ground now. Daddy chained up the ladder, whoever it is can't get in the house.
180) 0) text: A shot of Buddy sound asleep in his bed in the early gray dawn. As we DISSOLVE IN on the shot, we hear a loud BANGI and DADDY'S VOICE. 
181) 3) dialog: Daddy, what's the matter?
187) 0) text: A shot of the Model A coming up the driveway of the Hilly House. It is late afternoon. CUT TO a shot of Daddy getting out of the car. He has a triumphant little smile on his face. A shot of Daddy as he walks onto the patio, a rolled-up c of the Glenville Tribune in his hand and his straw hat on back of his head. He definitely has a triumphant expressi Buddy on the patio notices it.
189) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy outside on the patio, listening intently at the window. He leans forward with a keen interest, eyes wide.
191) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Doll walking up onto the patio with schoolbooks. The CAMERA follows her as she walks over to Buddy, who is crouched down eavesdropping at another wind She whispers to him.
191) 2) dialog: Rose says she's goin' to have a baby and she sure looks it, but I don't think so.
191) 4) dialog: That's the least of her troubles. Rose had a rare tropic disease and the little tubes in her that babies swim down are all stopped up, she told me all about it.
192) 0) text: A shot of Buddy and Rose in a rather elegant Doctor's wai room. It is night and they are alone on a small sofa. Bud has a very solemn and worried look. Rose lies weeping in terror on his shoulder.
192) 2) dialog: (trying to be brave) You won't die, Rose.
194) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy and Rose in the waiting room. He i helping her lie on the couch on pillows as she weeps, a h over her face.
194) 1) dialog: I gotta find out what they're saying. You lie back and rest, Rose, and I'll give you a report on it.
196) 0) text: A shot of the Model A parked on the street outside a hosp in a small Southern town. We see Daddy slowly pacing back forth in front of the hospital entrance, his head bowed a his hands clasped behind him. ANOTHER ANGLE, CLOSER on the Model A. Buddy sits in the middle on the front seat, Mother is at the window. Doll a Waski are on the back seat. They all are staring with pal worry at the pacing Daddy fifty feet away. All are frightened, Mother is very pale. Doll has a tiny handkerc to her eyes and is half crying. Even Waski is very scared
196) 4) dialog: Here comes Daddy. CUT TO a POV shot of Daddy as he slowly walks up to the c his straw hat in his hand. CUT TO a shot of Mother CLOSE on her face as she stares a her husband as if trying to read the news on his face. A frown comes on her forehead as icy fear comes in her eyes ANOTHER ANGLE, CLOSE on Daddy as he walks up to the windo the car, hat in hand. A trace of tears can be seen in his eyes, but when he speaks his voice is calm.
198) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy on the patio. He has eight or nine gourds on an outdoor table and is cutting round holes in and emptying out the seed. He glances up as Rose walks up him, pocketbook in hand. She seems a little sad. But she smiles at him.
198) 2) dialog: Okay.
198) 4) dialog: What are you going to do, Rose?
199) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Rose and Buddy on a beautiful summer day walking in the garden behind the Hillyer house. They walk to an empty rabbit hutch. The hutch is made of rough lumb and chicken wire and has cubicles for about a dozen rabbi
199) 2) dialog: They're dumb things. I got tired of them.
199) 4) dialog: Five hundred rabbits?
199) 6) dialog: How did the rabbits kill him?
199) 8) dialog: (a little smile) Well, that doctor said you got protein somewhere and I guess he was right.
199) 10) dialog: What was your mother like?
199) 12) dialog: Maybe it was eating all those rabbits that made you sexy, Rose.
199) 19) dialog: I heard you talking. Hasn't Rose come in?
205) 0) text: VARIOUS SHOTS of a wedding in a tiny country church. We s shots of Rose in a white wedding dress, smiling, happy. D is stiff and solemn in his best suit. Daddy gravely gives Rose away. We hear no dialogue here, MUSIC on track. We s Mother, Buddy, Doll and Waski in the front row, all in Su best and very solemn. We see a CLOSE SHOT of Rose's knees trembling beneath her white wedding dress as a country minister marries them. VARIOUS SHOTS of a rather idyllic country wedding in a very plain, unpretentious country church, and...
206) 0) text: A shot of Rose, Dave, Buddy, Doll and Waski at a picnic celebration outside the church by a running brook. The scene should be beautiful in summertime. We see a barbecue pit, homemade ice cream in the metal can, other picnic things. A happy Rose is kissing first Buddy, then Doll, then Waski. Dave smiles fondly, but rather stiffly her.
207) 0) text: A shot of Rose and Dave bidding goodbye to the Hillyers. Daddy, Mother, Buddy, Doll and Waski are in the model A. is obviously on the verge of tears as Dave speaks solemnl Daddy.
208) 0) text: A shot of Daddy and Mother in the Model A as Daddy drives see Doll and Waski solemn on the back seat, but Buddy is visible.