20) 12) dialog: (staring fiercely at Rose) Well, well, well. So Miss Rosebud has arrived. Un-hmm. And you're all assembled here. Yes, indeed. Un hmmm. Daddy walks in as Rose stares wide-eyed at him. It is obv he scares the absolute bejesus out of her, she looks actu as if she might faint, her hands trembling on her lap and knees quivering beneath her cheap and tacky dress. But sh has a surprise coming. She is soon to lose all her fear o him, every bit of it. Daddy walks over and sits in a chai beside her, stares fiercely at her for a moment, then beg a long speech. Again, extravagant as this speech is, he i clown, he is not "being funny," he means every word he sa
20) 13) dialog: Well, Rosebud, now you are here, darling, and I swear to God graceful as the capital letter S. You will adorn our house, Rosebud, you will give a glow and a shine to these old walls. If there's one thing I like to have around, it's a frizzy-haired blonde. Now I assume Mrs. Hillyer and the children have introduced themselves and made your acquaintance, and so forth and so on? Rose can barely answer, eyes fixed in rapt fascination on him, a half whisper.
20) 15) dialog: All right. Now as head of this household I have a couple of remarks to make. It is my dear wife's belief, which I accept although I do not totally grasp it, that to hire a person to do household work is a criminal practice. Therefore, you are here not as a servant, you are here as a friend, as a guest and hopefully as a member of this family. You will eat your meals with us, you will share life itself with us -- in love and harmony, dear Rosebud, in love and harmony. Do you understand me?
20) 17) dialog: Now, I know you've had some troubles in your life, those... scoundrels in Birmingham and so forth trying to... lead you astray. I hope you find a safe haven here, honey, I know you've had a hard time. Life can be cruel to a young girl all alone. We welcome you to our home, Rosebud, we all welcome you from the heart and hope you are happy here. Rose bites her lip, her eyes are filled with tears; an inaudible whisper.
24) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of a slightly worn-out 1932 Model-A Ford as rolls up the driveway of the Hillyer home, Daddy at the wheel.
25) 0) text: ANOTHER ANGLE, on Daddy as he gets out of the Model-A. He his usual straw hat on the back of his head. The CAMERA FOLLOWS him as he walks onto the patio.
25) 1) dialog: Good morning, sweetheart. Beautiful day.
25) 3) dialog: How goes it, darlin'?
25) 5) dialog: What do you think of her, honey? Mother doesn't answer, she writes on, head bowed over her notebook. We see in this shot the hearing aid she wears a hear from it a faint BUZZ.
25) 6) dialog: Turn up your hearing aid.
25) 8) dialog: Your hearing aid, it's buzzing at me like a snake.
25) 10) dialog: I asked you what you think of Rosebud, now that she's been here a while.
25) 12) dialog: Um-hmm. Almost too perfect.
25) 14) dialog: Well, I'll admit I don't see any flies on her yet.
25) 16) dialog: Well, she must have done something to encourage those scoundrels in Birmingham, even if she did run away from them.
27) 0) text: CUT TO Mother and Daddy on the patio. Daddy stands up.
27) 1) dialog: Well, let's hope for the best, darlin'.
27) 3) dialog: I love Rosebud, I am wild about Rosebud. I just hope she doesn't turn out to be a hidden hotcha character, that's all. We have growing children in the house.
27) 5) dialog: (gently, his irony is mild) All right, darlin', don't go off into the fourth dimension.
27) 7) dialog: (again gentle irony, always courtly toward her) Forgive my crudity, darlin'. I don't understand these deeper things the way you do.
27) 9) dialog: You're a wonderful woman, darlin'. As long as you're around, I'm sure the sun wouldn't dare go out.
29) 0) text: CUT TO a POV shot of Rose busy dusting hall furniture, humming as she works. We hear on the track the SOUND of t Model-A starting, and Rose freezes. Then, quickly, Rose hurries down the hall toward the front door. ON Buddy as he watches her through a crack in the door. H has his hands on his hips Daddy-style and his face is expressionless. ANOTHER ANGLE, POV of Buddy but CLOSER on Rose at the end the hall. She is staring soulfully through the glass of t front door as we hear the Model-A go down the driveway. R lifts a hand between her breasts, sighs. A lovesick expression is on her face.
31) 0) text: A shot of the family at dinner in the dining room at nigh Daddy is at the head of the table, Mother is at the other end. Buddy, Doll and Waski are all seated in neat, nice clothe hands washed and hair combed. Rose is serving, but a plac set for her. She wears an attractive little apron and is smiling, blushing, happy as Daddy teases and jokes at her
31) 1) dialog: (in a good humor)  Rosebaby Blossom, these are the most delicious candied yams I ever ate! Why, they just melt in my mouth. And this fried chicken is fit for a king. How do you do it, Peachbird? What is the secret of your art, Plum Blossom, huh?
31) 3) dialog: Rosebird Baby, you are the light of my life, darlin'. How did we ever get by without you?
32) 0) text: ANOTHER ANGLE, on the family as they eat dinner. Rose is seated at the table now. She is picking lifelessly at her food and glancing from time to time with a lovesick expression at Daddy, who is busy eating and seems wholly unaware of it. Mother also is wholly unaware, but all the children know what is happening. Rose takes a gravy for a biscuit and spills a little, her hand is trembling.
32) 4) dialog: I'll drive you, darlin'. You've got no business behind the wheel of an automobile. You don't think about what you're doing and you'll run into a telephone pole.
32) 6) dialog: All right, darlin'.
33) 0) text: A shot of Daddy alone in the dining room, reading a newsp and drinking coffee. Rose comes INTO THE PICTURE, gets di as she clears the table. She stares with a lovesick expression at Daddy, who is absorbed in paper.
33) 1) dialog: (to himself, mostly) Hmmp. Did you realize there are a thousand Coca-Cola millionaires in Atlanta?
36) 0) text: CUT TO a POV shot of the dining room, as seen by children Daddy sits absorbed in his paper, oblivious of Rose. She staring down at him with a pale look of love.
38) 0) text: CUT TO a POV shot of Daddy and Rose, as seen by children. table now is cleared and Rose stands half behind Daddy, staring down at him with a stricken expression.
38) 1) dialog: (half to himself) Ehh, Lord, should have bought that stock when we had some money. A thousand millionaires. Rose suddenly makes up her mind, places her hand on his shoulder, turns sideways, sits down on his lap, puts an a around his neck.
38) 3) dialog: (finally clears his throat) Ahh-hem! Now, Rose, get off my lap. What are you doing, girl? Are you crazy?
38) 5) dialog: Why, I'm not going to kiss you, you crazy girl. Now I'm telling you again, get off my lap. Come on, Rose, get up. Now you get up, I say, and stop this!
38) 7) dialog: (in a shaken voice) All right, all right. Now calm down, Rose, the children will hear you. Calm down, let's talk... about this thing, let's discuss it.
38) 9) dialog: Calm down, Rose, let's calm down and discuss it ...
40) 0) text: CUT TO a POV shot of Daddy and Rose, as he struggles to r from the chair. They are half falling to the floor and no they fall, Rose still on his lap. One of her breasts has out of her dress, which is very loose and low-cut. She ha bra, the breast is bare. Daddy is staring groggily at the breast as if slightly dazed.
42) 0) text: A POV shot of scene as observed by Buddy. He is up too hi the dining table blocks his view. We see the lower half o Rose and Daddy. Rose's skirt is up well above her knees.
44) 1) dialog: All right, that is enough of this nonsense, and I mean enough! Get up off this floor, Rose, and put your damned tit back in your dress! Do you hear me, girl, get up off of that floor! Rose, on all fours, blonde hair over her face, making lit whimpering noises of dismay:
46) 0) text: CUT TO a POV shot of Rose and Daddy. Rose stands sheepish by the dining room table, half-crying as she adjusts her dress. Daddy sits in his dining room chair. Daddy is glar at her.
46) 1) dialog: Goddamn you, girl! You've made me make a fool out of myself, damn your hide, but let me tell you I am standing at the pass of Thermopylae and I won't budge! The very idea, my own home with children in the house, to say nothing of my wife -- oh-h, you had better believe I am standing at Thermopylae, you little nut, you had better believe it! What are you, crazy? A man is supposed to be a fool like this, but a woman is supposed to have some control and sense! Are you a nitwit? What's the matter with you?
48) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Rose and Daddy. Now Rose is sitting peni and crying in one of Daddy's handkerchiefs. Daddy's anger gone, he has gotten control of himself and speaks to her in a different tone. He sits beside her, an arm around her shoulders in a fath way.
48) 1) dialog: Rose, Rose, Rose, you poor miserable little child, don't you know I love you? Do I have to put my hand on your body or kiss your pretty lips to prove it? You are beautiful to me, Rose, I've loved you since you first came here, darlin'. And don't you know Mrs. Hillyer loves you, too, that she's already taken you into her heart, and that that woman's heart is as wide as the blue sky itself and as deep as the stars?
48) 3) dialog: Do you know what a friend you have got there? Do you know she would fight for you like a tiger, that she would fly to your defense in an instant with all the courage in her soul if anyone tried to hurt you? Is this any way to repay her trust and love? Are you ashamed as I am ashamed?  (pauses as Rose sobs in handkerchief) Don't cry, honey, don't cry. But let me warn you, damn your hide, this is Thermopylae and I am standing here. Do you hear me, damn you. I am standing at Thermopylae and the Persians shall not pass! Now get your tail out of here and go wash those dishes, and stop crying!
53) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Mother's bedroom-study in the moonlight. see Daddy lying wide-awake in a single bed staring broodi out into space. Mother lies asleep in a big four poster i the background of the shot. Daddy sighs wearily to himsel the grip of "insomnia in reverse."
55) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy sitting on the edge of his bed in pajamas. He looks frowzle-haired and glum. The CAMERA FOL him as he wearily gets up and walks across the bedroom in moonlight and takes a package of cigarettes from a bureau glances over his shoulder as we hear Mother.
55) 2) dialog: No, darlin'. Just that damnable insomnia in reverse. I sleep like a baby for an hour then I'm wide awake. You go back to sleep. Daddy lights a cigarette and walks to the window and star out at the moonlit night. The CAMERA MOVES IN CLOSER on his face and we see a weari and strain he has not shown before.
55) 3) dialog: The Depression has got me. That miserable hotel, no money anywhere, strong men out of work, children hungry. It's a great life if you don't weaken.
57) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy walking down the downstairs hall i bathrobe and slippers. He looks very frowzled and sleepy.
58) 0) text: ON Daddy as he walks into the kitchen, turns on the light goes to the ice box, an old-fashioned type made of wood t takes cakes of ice. Be pours out a glass of milk.
60) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy in the kitchen as he sits rather gloomily at the kitchen table drinking the glass Of milk.
60) 1) dialog: (to himself) Ehh-hh, Lord, man born of woman hath few days and they are full of trouble.
62) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy as he washes out the glass in the sink.
64) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy walking down the downstairs hall i his bathrobe. The shot is down the staircase and Rose in upstairs hall tiptoes into the picture. A floorboard crea and he looks up and sees her.
64) 1) dialog: Rose, what are you doing up?
64) 3) dialog: Is anything wrong?
64) 5) dialog: Well, good night. ANOTHER ANGLE on Rose in the upstairs hall. Fortunately f her the light is dim. Her knees are shaking beneath the nightgown, she looks as if she might faint.
69) 0) text: A shot of Daddy and Rose on the front porch of the house. scene is murky, dark, gloomy night and the weather is bad Daddy has his arm rigidly thrust outward as he points dow the driveway. A weeping, slumped Rose sadly walks down th steps carrying her cardboard suitcase. Fantasy.
69) 1) dialog: Out! Out, you viper in the grass! Out! Never darken our doorstep, you immoral, terrible girl!
72) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy, lying in bed and staring up sleeplessly at the ceiling. Insomnia in reverse has got h
72) 1) dialog: (a half whisper to himself) Ehh-hh, Lord... great life if you don't weaken.
74) 36) dialog: Ye gods and little fishes. What have you done to yourself, Rose? ON THEM ALL. Rose is smiling, happy to be the center of attention.
74) 38) dialog: Got yourself up?
74) 40) dialog: Um-hmm. Well, that is the damndest outfit I ever saw in my life. You walk down the street like that and they'll put you in jail, Rose.
74) 43) dialog: If you've got time before you go "out," get me a half-a-cup of coffee, Rose. Not a whole cup, a half-a-cup.
74) 45) dialog: (a growl, doesn't like jokes about his foibles) Um-hmmuhh. I never drink a whole cup, my nerves can't stand the caffeine. Ehh-hh, Lord awful insomnia in reverse last night. Lay there and sweated blood for hours.
74) 51) dialog: (stares sternly at Buddy) Lay off of that stuff, son. It upsets your mother.
74) 53) dialog: I'll take him with me downtown.  (glances at Rose as she comes with coffee) And you, too, Rose, if you want a ride.
74) 55) dialog: That's a pretty stylish skirt, Rose. The only thing I don't understand is how did you ever get it on.
74) 57) dialog: How can the buttons stand the pressure?
74) 59) dialog: Turn around, darlin'. Happy to oblige, Rose turns around. Her plump, round, feminine behind is only too plainly revealed through the material. Daddy slowly shakes his head.
74) 60) dialog: They'll put her in jail. The damn little fool might as well be naked.
74) 62) dialog: Who doesn't have such thoughts?  (glances at wristwatch) We'd better get going.
74) 64) dialog: Just half-a-cup of coffee. I never eat, darlin', you know that. Not eating and reverse insomnia are my curses. Let's go, Rose, you and Brother, let's hit the road.
76) 0) text: CUT TO Mother and Daddy at the kitchen table.
76) 2) dialog: The girl worries me. If she walks down the street like that, an army will be following her.
76) 4) dialog: She will succeed.
76) 6) dialog: (musingly) That farmer in Gadsden was awful eager to get rid of her, and I'm beginning to see why.
76) 8) dialog: Well, she loves children, all right. (adds dryly) She loves everybody.
76) 10) dialog: (stares pensively at her) You are the one who's good-hearted. (rises) As for Rose, let's hope for the best.
76) 12) dialog: Yes, of course.
77) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Rose and Buddy waiting in a Model A. Ros smiling, happy to be going out. The red rose is prominent her hair, Daddy walks INTO THE SHOT, gets into the driver seat of the car, He glances in a wry manner at the flower her hair.
77) 1) dialog: What have you got in your hair, girl?
79) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy, Rose and Buddy in the car. Buddy in the middle. Daddy is staring expressionlessly straight ahead. His tone is sternly neutral as he speaks.
79) 1) dialog: You were up late last night, Brother.
79) 3) dialog: Reading dirty comic bocks. (glances shrewdly at him) And you admitted it?
79) 5) dialog: You were up late last night, too, Rose.
79) 7) dialog: (finally, "casually") Sometimes I think I was born to be a detective. I get a feeling about things. I'm not always right, but often I am.
81) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy, Rose and Buddy in the car. Daddy turns and stares sternly at Buddy.
81) 1) dialog: Son, was Rose in your room last night?
81) 3) dialog: I can't imagine why. It was just a thought. Daddy shifts gears and faces front. Buddy glances upward relief, as if to say, "Wow, that was close."
81) 4) dialog: Where do you want me to let you out, Rose?
81) 6) dialog: You don't know where you're going?
83) 0) text: CUT TO a shot through the side window on Rose, Buddy and Daddy.
83) 1) dialog: Is this ill right?
84) 0) text: CUT TO a front shot of Daddy and Buddy in the car as they stare after Rose.
85) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of POV Daddy and Buddy of Rose walking alon MUSIC.
86) 0) text: CUT TO Daddy and Buddy. Daddy slowly shakes his head, shi gears..
92) 0) text: On Daddy and Buddy in the car.
92) 1) dialog: They might arrest her. I doubt it, but they might.
94) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy and Buddy in the car, watching Ros
96) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy and Buddy in the car, watching.
98) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy and Buddy.
98) 1) dialog: She has made contact.
100) 0) text: CUT TO Daddy and Buddy. Daddy is staring pensively at the scene.
100) 1) dialog: I never saw anything like it. How did she pick him up so fast?
100) 3) dialog: The girl strikes like a cobra. Slowly shaking his head, Daddy starts the car.
106) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy in pajamas peering out of the bedr window.
106) 1) dialog: Well, she's back.
106) 3) dialog: Quarter of twelve.
106) 5) dialog: I don't see any bruises or broken bones. CUT TO a shot of Mother in bed in the four poster.
106) 8) dialog: No reason at all, darlin'.
106) 10) dialog: Forgive my crudity, darlin'. All I'm saying is that a girl who would wear clothes like that is going to get in trouble sooner or later.
106) 12) dialog: Yes, darlin', time will tell.
109) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy behind the desk of a slightly run- small hotel of the Depression era. He is handing a key to guest.
109) 1) dialog: Glad to have you with us, Mr. Watson. Make yourself at home. Shadrach, take Mr. Watson's bag. A black bellboy takes the guest's bag as Daddy turns to answer a BUZZING switchboard.
111) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy at the switchboard. Be is grim.
111) 1) dialog: Luckily, Johnson just walked in to relieve me. I'll be right out there!
113) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of the Scruffy-looking Man. Be is half-crou behind a big oak, peering at the Hillyer house. We hear t approach of a car and the man looks over his shoulder. CUT TO a shot of Daddy in the Model A. The TIRES SCREECH he puts on the brakes. CUT TO a shot of the Scruffy-looking Man as he turns and runs. On Daddy as he jumps out of the car.
113) 1) dialog: Come back here, sir! Come back here, you! Daddy runs after the man. CUT TO a shot of Daddy running after him. CUT TO A FINAL SHOT of the Scruffy-looking Man as he leap hedge in full stride.
114) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of a worried-looking Mother on the front po of the house. Buddy and a meek-looking Rose are in the background in the doorway. A weary, out-of-breath Daddy c INTO THE SHOT and walks up the steps, straw hat in hand.
114) 1) dialog: I couldn't catch him. He ran like a deer. Daddy fixes a stern glance on Rose. As he does so, Mother Buddy also turn and look at her. Rose smiles wanly.
120) 0) text: A SHOT of the family at dinner at night. Daddy, Mother, R Buddy, Doll and Waski. The SHOT FAVORS Mother.
120) 2) dialog: (throws his napkin on table) Rose, my patience is wearing thin. First a scruffy man who runs like a deer and now a sulky boy who wont go away. This is getting to be a regular monkey and dog show.
120) 5) dialog: Rose, I realize you don't know this boy, but if you know anybody who does know him, if you have even a faint clue as to who he might be, then convey to him that he had better stay away from my house and stop scaring my wife... and I don't mean maybe.
124) 0) text: CUT TO a shot from the POV of the children, on Daddy on t back porch as the lights blaze on. He wears his bathrobe has a big shotgun in his hands. Now he speaks in a loud, clear and very angry voice.
124) 1) dialog: All right, I have got a Parker shotgun here and it is loaded and the trigger is cocked and wherever you birds are and whatever you are doing you had better get the hell out of here goddamned quick! A sudden total silence ensues, then a sudden CRASHING in bushes as the "birds" take off.
124) 2) dialog: And do not come back, you sons of bitches! Stay away from my house and home and my wife and children or I'll blow your goddamned heads off!
125) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy and Doll as they cower in awe in t downstairs hall. Daddy walks up to them carrying the shot He is grim and furious, but his voice is surprisingly cal
125) 1) dialog: You children go to bed. And Brother, stay away from Rose, I'll speak to her in the morning.
128) 1) dialog: Well, Rose, my sleep was a little disturbed last night, and so was Mrs. Hillyer's, and so was the children's. How about you? Was your sleep disturbed, too?
128) 3) dialog: (softly strumming fingers, finally) Strange voices, Rose?
128) 5) dialog: (still aloofly polite) Now Rose, stop behaving as if you're Bo Peep. Those men had a flight last night because of some female in this house, and it wasn't Dolly or Mrs. Hillyer.
128) 8) dialog: Oh, shut up, Rose. Shut your mouth and quit crying!
128) 10) dialog: I am not being brutal to her!
128) 12) dialog: (trying to restrain himself, aloofly polite to the utmost) Darlin', it is not my fault if the girl has epizootics -- -- The word means "an animal epidemic," and it's a pet wo of Daddy's; he pronounces it epi-zoo-tics, not epi-zoo-ot tics, and uses it to mean any outrageous human malady --
128) 13) dialog: -- I am not responsible for her epizootics and I did not bring about her epizootics. Now listen to me. When I have to get up in the middle of the night and defend my home with a shotgun against a couple of damned scoundrels fistfighting in the bushes --
128) 15) dialog: Boys? You say to me boys?
128) 17) dialog: (his eyes are a trifle glazed) Now darlin', what has the South got to do with this?
128) 19) dialog: (mildly, his eyes are even more glazed) I don't intend to mock you, dear. I respect your philosophy. It's beyond my comprehension, but I respect it.
128) 21) dialog: (exasperated) Oh, shut up, Rose, eat your cornflakes!
128) 23) dialog: Now you listen to me, Rose --
128) 25) dialog: I don't intend to fire her, darlin'.
128) 27) dialog: I said I don't intend to fire her. I just want to ask her to keep her boy friends away from my home and hearth, that's all.
128) 31) dialog: Darlin', I'll take a taxi to the hotel. You and Brother can handle the girl's epizootics. I'll just say one more thing.  (turns to Rose and, in a grave tone) Rose, I told you you had a friend in Mrs. Hillyer, didn't I, that she would fight for you like a tiger?
128) 33) dialog: All right, thanks to her, and thanks to this case of epizootics, you are getting another chance.  (points a finger at her, and sternly) But don't try my patience again. We have growing children in this house. Do you understand me?
132) 0) text: A shot of Daddy behind the wheel of the model-A. Rose lie pale and exhausted on Mother's shoulder on the front seat trace of bloody gauze can be seen in her mouth and her ey are closed. Buddy is on the back seat.
133) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of the Model-A in the driveway of the Hilly home. Mother helps Rose out of the car, but Rose can't st on her feet. Daddy has to catch her from falling. Daddy p her up in his arms and carries her up the steps as Buddy ahead to open the front door.
134) 0) text: A shot of Mother and Daddy and Buddy on the patio. It is beautiful sunny morning. Mother and Daddy are seated at a outdoor table about to have coffee. Daddy is opening mail Buddy, in the b.g., is gluing up a kite. Enter a smiling healthy Rose with orange juice, toast, cups and coffee on tray.
134) 1) dialog: Good morning, Rose. And how do you feel today?
134) 3) dialog: (dryly, as he looks at mail) Well, I know it, I just got the bill for it.
134) 5) dialog: Umm. Well. Yes. But no more strange voices in the night, Rose.
135) 0) text: A shot of Daddy peering down at an old pool table in the mezzanine of the family hotel. Buddy stands by with a poo stick in hand. In the b.g., we see a black bellboy, SHADR approaching.
135) 1) dialog: I see my mother-in-law's face, son. Read 'em and weep, boy, I am playing a spectacular combination, a triple. The nine ball in the corner!  (takes his stance with cue as Shadrach walks up) Read 'em and weep, boy, that's all she wrote.
135) 3) dialog: (about to make his shot, looks around) The Chief of Police?
136) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy going down the hotel stairs. He ho onto the banister, sliding with his hands far ahead in or to take four and even five steps at a time -- it is a childish trick, the point of the game is to touch as few stairs as possible. ANOTHER ANGLE, on Buddy as he jumps down the last remaini five steps and walks into the lobby. Daddy comes from beh the desk, grim.
136) 1) dialog: Rose is in jail. She bit a policeman's thumb. Come on, son, Shadrach can run the hotel.
137) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy and Buddy in the Model-A. Daddy st grimly ahead. Buddy steals a worried glance at him.
138) 0) text: CUT TO a shot in the local jail. The shot is on Daddy as stands before jail bars staring sternly into a cell. His hands are on his hips, his straw hat is on the back of hi head and a bit to one side. Buddy stands beside him, a li bit behind, a worried look on his face. The CHIEF OF POLI a fat man, is on the other side of Daddy. CUT TO a POV shot of Rose in the cell. Her hair is mussed her dress is torn. A little innocent, frightened smile is her face. The CAMERA PANS to include Daddy and the Chief Police.
138) 2) dialog: Yes, I know the son of a bitch.
138) 4) dialog: Well, Rose, what have you got to say for yourself?
138) 6) dialog: (nods slowly, then with aloof politeness) That's all you've got to say, you've got a bad cold?
138) 9) dialog: No, not really. But I guess we'll have to do that, John. Let her out. Let the crazy creature out and I'll take her home.
139) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy, Rose and Buddy in the Model A. Da stares grimly ahead, silent. Buddy looks solemn. Rose is badly frightened and still coughing. Finally she ventures little smile and speaks to Daddy.
141) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy, Rose and Buddy in the car. She tr again.
141) 2) dialog: (stops the car, turns to Rose) I have to go back to the hotel. I'm on duty at the desk and who knows a quest might arrive. I will see you at suppertime, Rose.
141) 4) dialog: I will see you at suppertime, Rose.
145) 0) text: CUT TO a "keyhole shot" of Daddy and Mother in the bedroo Mother sits in her study chair, a handkerchief to her eye Daddy sits in a chair nearby. He looks depressed.
145) 1) dialog: I'm sorry, darlin', I hate it as much as you do.
145) 3) dialog: It's because of the children she's got to go. I don't want to be holier-than-thou, but the girl doesn't have the same outlook we do. Morals don't mean a thing to her, not a thing, and we can't have a girl like that in this house.
145) 5) dialog: That is exactly what I'm afraid of.  (pauses, and firmly) The girl has got to go, darlin'.
145) 7) dialog: Now look, darlin', this is no time to go off into the fourth dimension.
145) 9) dialog: Just a moment, darlin'.
146) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy crouched at the keyhole. With grea alacrity, he jumps up and hurries across the hall and shu the living room door just as Daddy whisks open the bedroo door. Daddy grimaces.
146) 1) dialog: Could of sworn that boy was out here. Daddy shuts the door and at once almost like the movement a ballet Buddy opens the living room door and tiptoes bac the keyhole.
147) 0) text: CUT TO a Shot of Daddy and Mother. It is another "keyhole shot."
147) 2) dialog: Well, I have a pretty good idea.
147) 4) dialog: They follow her because she's a --  (he is about to say "piece of tail," but interrupts himself) -- no, I won't say that.
147) 6) dialog: Darlin', Rose has got to go!
153) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy, Doll and Waski in the front hall. They are badly frightened, even terrified. The CAMERA PANS to show the ambulance attendants carrying Rose strapped in a stretcher down the stairs, as Mother h and Daddy follows, both of them very worried. Rose is conscious now and her eyes roll with terror toward the children.
154) 0) text: A shot of Mother, Daddy, Buddy, Doll and Waski in the corridor of a hospital. All look very solemn. A nurse lea them to a door and opens it.
155) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of a hospital room. A very pale, sick-looki Rose lies in a hospital bed. The nurse, mother, Daddy, Bu Doll and Waski enter, all of them looking very grave. ANOTHER ANGLE, CLOSE ON Rose as she weakly turns her head the pillow. Her eyes well with tears as she recognizes th children.
156) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of DR. F. ROBERT MARTINSON, a rather unplea man with a spade beard. He has a superior, patronizing wa talking and very little Southern accent if any. The scene his office and he is in a swivel chair behind his desk. As he speaks the CAMERA PULLS BACK to show Daddy, Mother the Hillyer children.
156) 10) dialog: (icily polite) Excuse me, sir, are you calling my wife a liar?
156) 15) dialog: (dryly, doesn't like the man a bit) Ha ha ha ha. Mother frowns at Daddy and Dr. Martinson gives him an alo glance.
156) 17) dialog: That's all I want to know.  (rises) Lets get out of here before I get the epizootics myself. Thank you, Doctor, for your discourse, it was fascinating, no doubt.
156) 20) dialog: (icily polite, from the door) No, I mean epizootics.
157) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Mother, Daddy, Buddy, Doll and Waski as Daddy comes out of the Doctor's office and shuts the door
157) 1) dialog: I can't stand that polecat. They ought to hang him.
157) 3) dialog: He's a polecat, dear.
158) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy, Mother and the Hillyer children i hospital elevator as a black elevator operator runs them down. Daddy has his hat politely removed and is staring pensively ahead.
158) 1) dialog: Rosebud looked pretty pitiful in that bed.  (sighs, shakes his head) I hope she'll be all right, but I still think we ought to fire her.
162) 0) text: A SHOT of the Hillyer family minus Rose eating dinner in dining room. The meal is almost finished, Daddy cutting a pie.
162) 1) dialog: Is that Doctor still up there, Brother.
162) 3) dialog: What's taking the rascal so long?
162) 5) dialog: I don't care where the polecat studied.
163) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy as he goes down the hall, eyes narrowed. ON Buddy posted in the doorway of the living room. He has hands on his hips Daddy-style and is staring sternly up t stairs. CUT TO A POV SHOT of Dr. Martinson with his black bag in and shoulders hunched coming down the stairs. The man is slinking, has quilt written all over him. As he goes down stairs he glances to one side, sees Buddy and frowns. The gives a sudden nervous start of fright as we hear Daddy's voice loud on the TRACK.
163) 1) dialog: Everything all right, Doctor? CUT TO A POV shot of Daddy at the rear of the downstairs hall, napkin in hand and hands on hips. He is staring ste at the doctor. CUT BACK TO the Doctor. He glances nervously again toward Buddy. ANOTHER POV SHOT of Buddy. Looks just like Daddy, hands o hips. ON Dr. Martinson, as he looks back at Daddy.
163) 3) dialog: (in a low, conspiratorial tone) What do you think, Brother?
163) 5) dialog: He's not coming back again. We scared the rascal off, son. (puts a hand on Buddy's shoulder) Come on back to supper. Your mother has a theory about how to educate Rose.
165) 0) text: A SHOT of Daddy, Mother, Rose, and the children all in th Sunday best going up the steps of a church. Rose looks virginal in the modest dress Mother made for her.
166) 0) text: A SHOT of Rose, Mother, Daddy and the children on a bench church. We hear singing. Rose looks innocent, virginal as sings. Mother gives her an approving look, exchanges glan with Daddy.
168) 3) dialog: Um-hmm.  (waits as Mother goes on up steps, then turns to Buddy and in a low tone) Come with me, Brother. I want to show you something.
169) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy and Buddy in a rose garden below t windows of the house. It is Hawkshaw the Detective and his Unwilling Assistant. Daddy solemnly points to dim marks in the flower bed.
169) 1) dialog: See that, son? Now this is a heel, see, and there, that's the ball of a foot. Someone has been walking here.
169) 3) dialog: That is because it rained recently, the rain has obscured the evidence. But you could still take plaster casts of these footprints, then match up the plaster casts with whosever shoes they are, and that way you could catch him -- understand?
169) 5) dialog: Well. Well, what I mean is, you could prove it was his shoes if you did catch him. But look this, Brother, it is even more interesting. Look at this mark here, and that mark over there. Now wouldn't you say those marks are the marks of a ladder?
169) 7) dialog: True, but if you look sharply you can see that those marks are the marks of a ladder. Now let's go back to the garage and see if the ladder has been tampered with.
170) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy and Buddy back in the garage. They scrutinizing a wooden ladder that hangs on pegs alongside garage. All Daddy needs is a cap and a pipe to be a dead ringer for Sherlock Holmes. He is in dead earnest about t it is no Joke and he does not dream of being funny.
170) 1) dialog: (points to ladder, eyes narrowed) See, son? The paint is flaked off here, freshly. Look at it, Brother, there is no question about it. Some person or persons unknown have very recently tampered with this ladder.
170) 3) dialog: And there's only one reason anybody would want this ladder -- to get up into Rose's bedroom in the dark of night! I am going to chain up this ladder and padlock it! -- and that is not all I am going to do! Buddy stares at him in apprehension.
171) 1) dialog: That was a delicious repast, Rose, as usual. Now I have something of grave import to say to you and to Mrs. Hillyer.  (pauses, points at Buddy)  And I don't want you children snooping, do you hear me, Brother? Go up to your rooms.
176) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy, Mother and Rose in Mother's bedro study. We see the grillwork of the heat ventillator in th floor. Daddy is at the climax of his speech.
176) 1) dialog: We all love you, Rose. Even more now, since you've bravely surmounted all these epizootics. We admire you, we esteem you, we hold your hand with love and affection, we have an investment in you -- and I don't mean money, although God knows we have that, too, considering those godawful hospital bills...
178) 0) text: CUT BACK TO Daddy, Mother and Rose in the bedroom-study.
178) 1) dialog: I mean a human investment, Rose, we care about you, you matter to us. But we have innocent and unformed children in this house and the monkey and dog show has got to stop. Do you hear me?
178) 4) dialog: (very firmly) Just a moment, dear.  (turns to Rose and almost sadly) We can't have it, Rose. Can you behave yourself -- or not? That is the question, to behave or not to behave, to suffer the slings and arrows of outrageous chastity and keep your skirt down or to hoist it in the light of the moon and make whoopee -- that is the coil shuffling question.  (a dramatic pause, then points at her) If you can't behave I am going to fire you and I say it in front of you and Mrs. Hillyer and I mean it. I point my rigid finger right at your nose, Rose, and I stare unwaveringly into your big blue eyes and I tell you... this is a final warning. Do you hear me?
180) 0) text: A shot of Buddy sound asleep in his bed in the early gray dawn. As we DISSOLVE IN on the shot, we hear a loud BANGI and DADDY'S VOICE. 
180) 1) dialog: Open that door! Open it up, open it this instant! Do you hear met open that door! Buddy sits quickly up in bed, at once pushes back the cov and gets out of the bed, hurriedly reaches for his khaki pants.
181) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy in the upstairs hall. He is fully dressed and is banging angrily on Rose's door.
181) 1) dialog: Rose! Rose! Open this goddamn door! Open it or I'll break it down! ANOTHER ANGLE on Buddy as he hurries down the hall up to Daddy, in khaki pants and pulling a shirt over his head.
181) 2) dialog: Open that door, damn you!
181) 4) dialog: (glances around at him) She's got somebody in there, Brother! His shoes are on the back porch -- there they were, naked and smiling at me!  (bangs on door) Rose, open this door immediately! ANOTHER ANGLE on Daddy as he bangs on the door. We see a frightened Doll in her nightgown in the b.g. down the hal hand to her mouth. Daddy commences kicking at the door. ANOTHER ANGLE, CLOSE ON Daddy.
181) 5) dialog: Open up, Rose! Procrastination won't help you! Finally, the CLICK of a bolt and slowly the door opens. W see a wide-eyed, terrified Rose. She has a sheet around h and evidently nothing more.
181) 6) dialog: (he pushes past her) All right, where is he? Where's the culprit?
182) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy in the bedroom. He yanks open the closet door, looks under the bed as he talks.
182) 1) dialog: Where is he? I know he's in here, where is he, Rose? His shoes were on the back porch I smiling at met Where are you, you son of a bitch? In her distress and dismay, the sheet has come down over Rose's shoulder and one of her breasts is exposed.
182) 3) dialog: Where is he? Where have you got him hid?  (notices curtain blowing in wide open window) Ah, ha! The CAMERA follows Daddy as he strides angrily toward the window and leans out of it and stares down. Rose makes a little whimpering sound.
183) 0) text: CUT TO a POV shot of the garden below as seen by Daddy fr the window. We see lying on the ground BILLY, the Sulky B who scared Mother. He wears only undershorts and is groan holding his leg, which evidently he has injured in jumpin from the window.
184) 0) text: On Daddy, as he turns from the window to Rose.
184) 1) dialog: And who, Rose, may I ask, is that?
184) 3) dialog: And what, may I ask, was Billy doing here?
184) 5) dialog: Well, it was a silly question.
184) 7) dialog: Ye gods and little fishes, a fireman. Put on some clothes, Rose, you're naked as a jay bird. When you're dressed, come on downstairs. I'm afraid your friend Billy is injured, where are his clothes?
184) 9) dialog: I won't hurt him, honey.
185) 0) text: A shot of Daddy, Mother and Rose at the kitchen table drinking coffee in the early morning. Daddy looks grave, Mother looks sad, and Rose is crying into a handkerchief.
185) 2) dialog: Rose, darlin', you break my heart. But I am only a human man myself of the father variety. Rose, pack your bag, baby, as of this moment you are hired, mired and fired.
186) 0) text: A shot of the family at breakfast in the dining room. The dissolve suggests that some time has gone by. Daddy looks bit grim, Rose has a wan and depressed expression. Mother looks worried.
186) 1) dialog: (politely) Well, Rose, going out to look for a job today?
186) 3) dialog: Mmm. Would you get me another half a-cup of coffee, dear? Rose rises and he watches her leave, then turns to Mother
186) 4) dialog: It has been three weeks since I "fired" her. Is there no way to get rid of this girl? Are we stuck with her for life?
186) 6) dialog: The hell we can't. Rose returns with coffee and pours it out for Daddy.
186) 9) dialog: God forbid. You're not sick, Rose, forget it. Don't get any notions in your head, you're not sick.
186) 12) dialog: No, she doesn't, she's fine, fine. She's perfectly healthy, don't give her ideas.
186) 14) dialog: Her plan is obvious, plain as day. She's going on a hunger strike. The question is, how do we foil her?
186) 16) dialog: (thinking hard) Something has got to be done or Rose is going to be in this house forever.
187) 0) text: A shot of the Model A coming up the driveway of the Hilly House. It is late afternoon. CUT TO a shot of Daddy getting out of the car. He has a triumphant little smile on his face. A shot of Daddy as he walks onto the patio, a rolled-up c of the Glenville Tribune in his hand and his straw hat on back of his head. He definitely has a triumphant expressi Buddy on the patio notices it.
188) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of the kitchen on Mother and Rose. Mother i helping a rather wan Rose prepare dinner. Enter Daddy.
188) 1) dialog: (as if everyone will be pleased) Well, I have got news! I called long distance and spoke to Cousin Hop and you'll be glad to know, Rose, I have found you a job!
188) 3) dialog: Yes, Tennessee, a lovely state!
188) 5) dialog: Ahh-hh, you'll like it. It's a fine, outdoor-type job.
188) 7) dialog: No, no, not exactly. It isn't a farm in the sense that it's a farm. Not at all. It's a... dairy establishment. You'll 1ike it! I'm sure you'll like it because it's so... peaceful! Rose bows her head and begins crying.
188) 9) dialog: Just a minute, Rose, you don't understand. This isn't a dirt farm like the one you were born on, it's nice. A neighbor of Cousin Hop's, I talked to him on the phone, a fine man... it's not a farm, damn it, it's a beautiful dairy establishment! Stop crying, Rose! Do you hear me? Stop crying, it's ideal!
188) 11) dialog: I don't give a hoot in hell's hollow what it means to her! She can't stay in this house forever! I fired her, damn it!
188) 13) dialog: Trickery and flummery or not, she's going there tomorrow on the bus! It's settled! And I must say we've been more than fair to you, Rose, it's pretty selfish and mean hearted of you to sit there and cry like that! Rose sits head bowed at the kitchen table.
188) 15) dialog: (stops in mid-air, so to speak) What?
190) 0) text: CUT TO a shot CLOSE on Daddy. He is peering intently at R
190) 1) dialog: What did you say, Rose? CLOSE ON Rose, as she turns, weeping.
190) 3) dialog: What baby? What baby? What baby are you speaking about?
190) 5) dialog: Your baby?
190) 7) dialog: (he is "poleaxed," staggered) Good God almighty. This is a catastrophe, they won't hire her.
190) 9) dialog: (stares off groggily into space) This is a total catastrastroke. As of this moment I am stumped, I admit, I am stumped and treed both, the hound dogs have me surrounded.
190) 14) dialog: You're not going to get anywhere with that line of questioning. The problem is, what are we going to do?
190) 16) dialog: (offhand; he is thinking hard about what to do) She already told you, she doesn't know.
190) 21) dialog: (a brilliant idea) Ah, ha! Hold the phone! No forwarding address, huh?  (turns to Mother) In the shock of this brilliant move, I forgot something.
190) 23) dialog: I forgot that Rose will lie like a child. She's no more pregnant than I am, she just doesn't want to go to that farm!
190) 25) dialog: No, you're not.
190) 27) dialog: (triumphant, sure he's right) All right, tell us, Rose, what makes you think you're pregnant?
190) 29) dialog: (again "poleaxed" for a moment, but pulls himself together) I don't believe it.
190) 31) dialog: All right, damn it. We've seen you with your clothes off around here, stand up and pull up your dress and let's take a look!
190) 33) dialog: She doesn't have to take her panties off, we can see her stomach with 'em on. All she has to do is pull up her dress and let us see her belly.
190) 37) dialog: Now, you will see, she's lying like she always does -- that belly will be flat as a pancake! Rose lifts her dress and Daddy leans forward eagerly to confirm his belief. Rose stands there with her skirt lift She has on a pair of skimpy white panties. An unmistakabl definite protrusion can be seen in the area below her nav just above the line of her panties. A stupefied look is o Daddy's face.
190) 39) dialog: I am poleaxed and in a non compos mentis condition. I wash my hands or the whole thing.
193) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Dr. Martinson's private office in his ho quite a bit more luxurious than his office at the hospita sober-looking Mother and Daddy sit talking to him. He alm seems to relish the situation.
193) 8) dialog: Well, it's a disaster. I don't know what to say, Doctor, I am floored. How dangerous is the operation?
193) 10) dialog: Well, if it isn't malignant and she can get through the operation all right, it might be better than her really being pregnant. She doesn't even know who the father might have been.
193) 13) dialog: Honey, that's no way to talk to the Doctor, he's merely doing his job, dear. Oddly enough, in the stress of the situation, Daddy now s almost friendly to Dr. Martinson, whom previously he considered a polecat.
195) 0) text: CUT TO a CLOSE shot of Dr. Martinson. An expression of distaste is on his face. The CAMERA pulls back as he talk Mother and Daddy.
195) 3) dialog: Go ahead, Doctor, I think I am following you.
195) 5) dialog: Go on, Doctor.
195) 8) dialog: I am ahead of you.
195) 10) dialog: Please do.
195) 12) dialog: Of course.
195) 14) dialog: Yes, we know her.
195) 17) dialog: Reluctantly, I do. It would be a blessing to her and everyone else. The girl is oversexed and I say -- spay her!
195) 23) dialog: (slightly shattered) Well, now, darlin'... give me a chance to defend myself.
195) 25) dialog: Well, I... I hadn't thought about it that much. I was thinking... well, it's an idea, the girl is oversexed, and...
195) 27) dialog: Well, I know, more so. That's why I was thinking... maybe she'd be better off.
195) 30) dialog: Well, now, I admit... in Rose's case, it would be cruel. If Rose wasn't attractive and pretty... well, it would probably be bad for almost any young woman. I don't know exactly what I was thinking about, the doctor said it and it sounded reasonable. Daddy finally looks up at Mother and admits his error lik man.
195) 31) dialog: But you're right, darlin', you're absolutely dead right, it would be an awful and horrible thing to do. I'm sorry, honey, forgive me, I didn't mean it. Mother turns from Daddy and walks up to the desk and star down at Dr. Martinson as if he is a loathesome bug upon w she intends to step.
196) 0) text: A shot of the Model A parked on the street outside a hosp in a small Southern town. We see Daddy slowly pacing back forth in front of the hospital entrance, his head bowed a his hands clasped behind him. ANOTHER ANGLE, CLOSER on the Model A. Buddy sits in the middle on the front seat, Mother is at the window. Doll a Waski are on the back seat. They all are staring with pal worry at the pacing Daddy fifty feet away. All are frightened, Mother is very pale. Doll has a tiny handkerc to her eyes and is half crying. Even Waski is very scared
196) 5) dialog: (philosophically) Well, I thought I'd seen the limit, but these are the most great, gaga epizootics she's ever had. ANOTHER ANGLE on Daddy and them all. In pale fear, mother stares at him, uncertain what has happened.
196) 7) dialog: Fine. As mother sighs in heartfelt relief...
197) 0) text: A shot of Daddy sitting with mother at the kitchen table. Bright cheerful sunshine comes in the window that opens o the patio. Rose comes into the SHOT carrying a coffee pot sunny smile on her face.
197) 1) dialog: You're looking very chipper this morning, Rose. Sow do you feel?
197) 3) dialog: (with mild irony, as she pours him coffee) Well, we know you were there. The bill that hospital sent was absolutely horrendous.
197) 6) dialog: Rose... I hate to be mean, but...  (another pause, then a little shrug) Oh, nevermind, forget it.
197) 8) dialog: (rises) Nothing, Rose. Daddy stops beside her, puts an arm around her shoulders with weary irony.
197) 9) dialog: We all love you, darlin'. Daddy wearily picks up his straw hat from the kitchen cou and walks out of the kitchen on the patio, as the CAMERA stays on Rose and mother.
199) 16) dialog: It's twenty after one.
199) 18) dialog: I'm afraid it's my fault. I made her feel guilty this morning -- (glances around, sees something in doorway) Brother, what are you doing up? ANOTHER ANGLE on Buddy in pajamas as he enters the living room.
199) 20) dialog: No, she hasn't.  (frowns, looks around) I think I hear a car.
201) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy peering out of the window of the living room.
201) 1) dialog: Why, that looks like Dave Wilkie,
201) 3) dialog: You know Dave, his wife used to do dressmaking for you before she died.
205) 0) text: VARIOUS SHOTS of a wedding in a tiny country church. We s shots of Rose in a white wedding dress, smiling, happy. D is stiff and solemn in his best suit. Daddy gravely gives Rose away. We hear no dialogue here, MUSIC on track. We s Mother, Buddy, Doll and Waski in the front row, all in Su best and very solemn. We see a CLOSE SHOT of Rose's knees trembling beneath her white wedding dress as a country minister marries them. VARIOUS SHOTS of a rather idyllic country wedding in a very plain, unpretentious country church, and...
207) 0) text: A shot of Rose and Dave bidding goodbye to the Hillyers. Daddy, Mother, Buddy, Doll and Waski are in the model A. is obviously on the verge of tears as Dave speaks solemnl Daddy.
207) 2) dialog: Good luck, Dave. And good luck to you, too, Rosebud.
208) 0) text: A shot of Daddy and Mother in the Model A as Daddy drives see Doll and Waski solemn on the back seat, but Buddy is visible.
208) 1) dialog: Well, thank God we are rid of her at last. And the best thing of all is that she's happy. The little nut is happy, she found Mr. Right in the nick of time!
208) 3) dialog: Honey, he is Mr. Right.
215) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Willcox Hillyer as he glances into the living room. The room looks the same but different -it is musty, dim. Willcox Hillyer stares at it as if haunted a bit, turns a the CAMERA follows him as he crosses the hall and looks i Mother's old bedroom-study. This room is quite different. four poster is gone. The room is dusty, musty, dark. Magazines are on the floor in a ring around Mother's old study chair. We see "male" things. It is apparent Daddy l alone in this room. A SHOT of Willcox Hillyer as he walks down the familiar h back to the kitchen.
217) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy putting out seed for birds on a ta on the patio. Daddy now is a very old man, but his personality and style are the same as ever. He looks up w a stern frown as Willcox Hillyer comes out on the patio.
217) 1) dialog: Well, you rascal, where'd you come from?
217) 3) dialog: About as good as can be expected with one foot in the grave. Good to see you, son.  (they shake hands) Did you bring any of that Yankee whisky with you?
217) 5) dialog: It's Yankee whisky to me. Daddy takes him by the arm, leads him back into the kitch
217) 6) dialog: How do you stand it up there, boy, in all that ice and snow? What are you, a polar bear?
218) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Willcox Hillyer and Daddy as they enter kitchen. The former opens his travel bag and takes out a bottle of Teacher's.
218) 2) dialog: Your wife and children are back in New Hampshire in the snow?
218) 4) dialog: Are they polar bears, too?
218) 6) dialog: Got another twenty years in it, boy.  (something seems to be bothering him) By the way, son, do you recall Rose, that pretty blonde girl who came to our house way back in 1935 or 1936 and caused such a damnable commotion.
218) 8) dialog: How could that be, son?
218) 10) dialog: (casually) Well, yes, in a manner of speaking. You'll have the back bedroom, son, Mother's old art room. Just be careful going down the stairs you don't break your Yankee neck.
219) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Willcox Hillyer and Daddy as they walk w their drinks out to the patio.
219) 2) dialog: Oh, I heard from her, I got a letter from her, she's fine. But there is some sad news.
219) 4) dialog: Oh, no, no, she got all over that. Rose is fine. Let's sit down, son.
219) 6) dialog: No, it's another thing. I was going to write you about it, but since you were coming down anyway I thought I'd wait till you got here. What did Dave Wilkie have to say? ANOTHER ANGLE on Willcox Hillyer and the aged Daddy as th sit on the patio sipping whisky. Willcox Hillyer is not disturbed or worried about Rose, Daddy has been very casu and offhand about it and he has no inkling of what the ne really is.
219) 8) dialog: Um-hmm, and I suppose that incensed you?
219) 10) dialog: (nods somberly) Yeah, I know, he was up here. It's pitiful like you say. When he lost Rose it ruined the man, it destroyed him totally when he lost Rose.
219) 12) dialog: Yes, I guess he did. He threw her away and it was the mistake of his life.
219) 14) dialog: At rest in the creative universe with Mother, son.
219) 16) dialog: (simply, he is not emoting) A wonderful woman, boy.
219) 18) dialog: (matter-of-factly) Not for long, boy. I've outstayed my welcome already.
219) 20) dialog: (as if in previous thought) I'm older than hell, boy. But this Yankee whisky is mighty fine, I'll say that.
219) 22) dialog: (simply, quietly) No, son, she is dead. 
219) 24) dialog: I am afraid so, son. About a week ago. Her husband phoned me, she had asked him to call me if anything happened.
219) 26) dialog: She was fifty-six, son. Of course she didn't look it, nowhere near it. The cancer came back, I'm afraid I fibbed about that. But it was very quick, son. She was in the hospital only two weeks, and the last week she didn't know anything.
220) 7) dialog: (simply) I know. You loved her. So did I. It was an awful shock to me, too. An awful shock. Rose was so alive it's hard to believe.
220) 9) dialog: It's true, son. The girl with the cornflower eyes is dead, she is no more, Daddy pauses, in trouble emotionally, but gets a grip on himself and in an almost dispassionate manner; but powerf feeling is behind his words.
220) 10) dialog: She got cancer of the breast, was operated on and had a seven-year recovery, then after a brief illness passed on in her sleep, as the man with whom she'd lived in beautiful love and harmony for twenty-five years held her hand. That is what happened, son, and God rest her lovely soul! CUT TO a CLOSE SHOT of Willcox Hillyer. Despite his effor to control himself, tears are in his eyes. He clenches hi teeth, takes a big swallow of his drink. ANOTHER ANGLE on them both as Daddy rises.
220) 11) dialog: And now, if you are through with that Yankee whisky, we'll go to the Holiday Inn and get some dinner.
220) 14) dialog: Nobody lives forever, boy. Who'd want to?
220) 16) dialog: (stops and firmly) Now look, boy, get a grip on yourself. Rose had a good life. She found her. Right, didn't she? She triumphed over everything, what are you blubbering about?
220) 21) dialog: (gently) Rose isn't dead, son. Not really. Some of us die, but some of us don't. Rose lives. As long as some little girl somewhere gets herself up and goes out, Rose lives. CUT TO a shot of Daddy and Buddy, now middle-aged Willcox Hillyer, as they walk toward the entrance of the Holiday MUSIC.