2) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Willcox Hillyer at a counter getting his ticket processed. A little smile is on his face as he tal to a pretty airline girl. This character likes girls; his aloofness is modified, his face changes when he talks to them. The airline girl smiles back, she finds him attract We don't hear what they are saying, no dialogue on track it is obvious he is flirting with the girl in a mild way, now a frown comes on his face and he turns his head as if slightly annoyed by something. CUT TO a POV shot of a tall, gaunt, almost totally bald m at the next ticket counter. The man is about sixty-five a looks like a half senile Great Dane. He is DAVE WILKIE, erstwhile husband of the heroine of this story. Age has n been at all kind to Dave; his face is lined with bitterne he is a sour, angry, lonely man and now he is making a ve unpleasant scene with a ticket girl and an airline representative, waving his ticket and gesticulating angri He wears an expensive, ill-fitting suit and a Texas-type We don't hear his angry complaints, no dialogue is on the track. CUT BACK to a CLOSE SHOT of Willcox Hillyer as he stares a frown at the man. It's as if he knows the man but can't place him. The airline ticket girl speaks to him and he t back to her, his face softening as he answers her, obviou saying he'll carry his bag. He nods goodbye to the girl, turns and the CAMERA follows him as he walks some distanc away and stops, looks back with another pensive frown at tall, gaunt man at the next counter. CUT TO ANOTHER POV shot of Dave Wilkie, a longer shot tha the first. The man is now arguing angrily with two airlin representatives, still waving his ticket and shaking his head. We don't hear him. Lip-readers might pick up what h saying: "I'm supposed to be in first class, not tourist. What's the matter with this friggin' airline?" CUT BACK TO Willcox Hillyer, a CLOSE SHOT of his face as rubs his chin and frowns obviously struggling to remember man. The CAMERA holds on him as he stares at the gaunt an Dave, racking his brain. He shakes his head, he cannot pl the man and yet he knows him. The CAMERA moves in closer Willcox Hillyer's face as he stares in pensive puzzlement this ghost from the past and now we hear, as if from a distance, FAINT MUSIC on the track -- it is "Dixie," play with beautiful lazy mocking love by the great Louis Armst in his prime. At first we can barely hear it, then the MU becomes LOUDER as Hillyer's frown deepens and he seems al to know the man.
4) 0) text: A shot of him as he smiles rather nicely at a very attrac young stewardess as he walks down the aisle of the plane. is not a crass or lewd flirt, but life comes into his fac when he sees a pretty girl -- he seems to have a real affection for girls: toward men he is polite but rather d and ironic, almost aloof, but girls he likes. We see him in a seat, open his travel bag and take out long galley sheets. He stares for a moment rather wearily at the gall then sighs, puts on reading glasses and begins to make corrections as boarding passengers walk by in the aisle. Something or someone disturbs him, he looks up with a sli frown and CUT TO a POV shot of Dave Wilkie, all wonder an enthusiasm. This OVER the TITLES and we do not hear the dialogue they speak, what we heard is LOUIS ARMSTRONG, bu will put the dialogue in here so the actors can act it. W not want to hear it, the sense of what they are saying wi be obvious from the acting.
4) 1) dialog: (not on track) Buddd-dee! My God, if it ain't Buddy! Well, if this ain't the darnest thing! ANOTHER ANGLE, on them both as Dave blocks the aisle, an idiot false-toothed grin on his face. Hillyer has a paine embarrassed smile.
4) 3) dialog: (not on track, with delighted injury) Awww-rr, Buddy, come on, you know me!
4) 5) dialog: (not on track) It's Dave Wilkie! I'm Dave Wilkie, don't you remember me?
8) 0) text: CUT TO Dave and Willcox Hillyer as the young stewardess g them drinks. Dave bestows a sour glance on her when he se the single drink, but at the moment he is in the midst of aggressively self-satisfied conversation and says nothing her. He speaks to Hillyer, who is making a real effort to polite but is less than happy about the encounter.
8) 1) dialog: Well, I am in the construction business, Buddy, and without braggin' I have done real good at it.  (with a meaningful bitterness) There are those who wouldn't have expected that out of me.  (pauses as if waiting for a reaction, but Hillyer is very silent) Right now I'm buildin' a giant motel unit near Alexandria, outside Washington, D.C. Not fi-nance, I'm on the construction side.
8) 3) dialog: Oh, it's all right, beats Jew York. But the niggers have took it over, just like every other city we got, only worse. Hillyer gives a barely perceptible wince at this speech, Dave doesn't notice, he goes on with aggressive self satisfaction after a swallow of whiskey.
8) 4) dialog: But I have done real good in the construction field. What I don't know about buildin' ain't worth knowin'. I knocked off twenty-eight thousand smackeroos last year, how's that for an old country boy? Dave pauses, realizes this might not impress; glances dow with curiosity at the galley sheets, then an unpleasant smile.
8) 5) dialog: Ha ha, course you make a lot more.  (points at the galleys) What's that you got there, Buddy?
8) 7) dialog: Galley what?
8) 9) dialog: How about that. Well, you always were a screwball.
8) 11) dialog: (unfazed) I don't mean that the way it sounds.  (stares at galleys as if rattlesnake) Imagine it, a book. And I used to know you personal way back when. (pauses, then earnestly) Tell me something, Buddy, how do you dream up all that stuff?
8) 13) dialog: (for a moment half believes it, then a slow, stupid grin) Heh heh heh heh, same old Buddy, always jokin' around. Almost as much of a joker as your Daddy.  (drains his drink, grimaces; a heavy drinker, Dave) I saw your Daddy a coupla years ago, I was up in Glenville lookin' at a motel site. I guess that's where you're headed, huh, to see him?
8) 15) dialog: (suddenly calls out) Hey, girl! Hey, you, give us another drink!  (to Hillyer, sullenly) Dumb little bitch, supposed to give us two in the first place. Willcox Hillyer listens with a pained half smile, a hand his temple.
8) 16) dialog: This friggin' airline's out of its mind.  (a martyr) The sons of bitches tried to put me in tourist. (portentuously philosophical) But our whole civilization is screwed up, Buddy. The heebies and the coconuts have took it over and ruined it. Willcox Hillyer half closes his eyes in weariness, but sa nothing. Gently, he rubs his temple. It is plain Dave Wil gives him a headache.
9) 0) text: ANOTHER ANGLE, on the pretty young stewardess as she brin two more drinks. Dave stares sourly at her, wholly unmove her charm.
9) 1) dialog: Took your time gettin' here.
9) 3) dialog: Supposed to get two drinks in the first place. This friggin' airline can't do nothin' right. The stewardess purses her lips at Dave, who is bowed over drink busy opening it. Hillyer lifts an eyebrow at the gi as if to say, "Don't blame me because of this damned idio and she half smiles at him.
9) 5) dialog: (with pedantic exactitude, the man is a complete pain in the ass) Near Alexandria. It isn't in Alexandria, it is outside it.
9) 7) dialog: That's correct -- outside it, not in it. As for the job, well, the Jewboy suppliers give me a lot of grief and we use a pile of niggers to haul and tote and they ain't worth a sorry-ass damn.  (takes big swallow of drink) But I can build anything, Buddy. Give me the plans and I can build a goddamn staircase to the moon. It's a fact, I can build anything...  (pauses, then bitterly) ... but she never believed that. Oh, hell, no, she never believed in me. This is another pointed bitter reference to the unknown "she." Once again, Willcox Hillyer is deliberately unresponsive.
9) 9) dialog: (broodingly) Doubted my ability all along, the little bitch. I never remarried, Buddy, you know that, don't you?
9) 11) dialog: She's te reason -- cured me of women once and for all. Oh, I got rid of her, Buddy, I didn't waste no time kickin' that bitch out. Hell, she was screwin' everybody in Savannah. I caught her in a motel with this long tall son of a bitch and boy did I beat the everlastin' piss out of him! Dave Wilkie's eyes narrow with vindictive anger as he say and one can well believe the streak of raw violence in th man. It is frightening even now; he is a clown, but he is dangerous clown. As his long, bitter, impassioned tirade continues, Willcox Hillyer becomes increasingly tense and pale -- it is obvious he detests what the man is saying a he is struggling to control himself. Dave's tone and voice are laconically Southern, but the hatred and misery in his eyes are raw.
9) 12) dialog: She didn't marry him, though, later she married another guy and went to Winston-Salem. It didn't last That girl couldn't have no lastin' marriage, she left him and married another dumb sucker and went out west. Little bitch left him, too, and you know what she's married to right now? (puts a big finger on Hillyer's chest) A kike. That's right, some kind of kike horse doctor named Schapiro out in Seattle, who's got the nerve to have the same first name I got. Wouldn't you know it, Rose would wind up married to a goddamn kike? She was always out of her friggin' head and I'll tell you why. (his eyes narrow and again he puts a finger on Hillyer's chest) Buddy, she was sick in her mind and between her legs, too. She was a nymphomaniac.
9) 14) dialog: (with surprising mildness; a little smile almost as if he is pleased) I don't want to start no fight with you, Buddy. Why do you say I'm full of shit?
9) 16) dialog: (again surprisingly mild) You loved her, didn't you. Well, so did I.  (a little shrug) You'll have to admit she had four husbands.
9) 18) dialog: (another little smile) She used to call me Mr. Right. Remember that, Buddy?
9) 20) dialog: Well, I tell you, I don't know what the world's come to these days. Things used to be better. We didn't have any money, but things were better.  (grimaces in anger) Goddamn niggers and kikes burning the flag, rioting, raising hell -- they ought to shoot their asses off. I tell you, Buddy, where this country made its mistake was allowing people without property to vote. During this speech, Willcox Hillyer grits his teeth but s nothing. He keeps his eyes down on the galley sheets. As shakes his head in sorrow at the state of the nation ..
10) 0) text: A shot of Willcox Hillyer at a Hertz Counter in the Atlan airport. A tense, wrought up Dave Wilkie is in the b.g. o the shot. During the following brief exchange, Hillyer is politely cool, Wilkie under a great strain.
10) 1) dialog: (holds out hand) Well, got to get a plane to Savannah. Great running into you, Buddy. Give my best to your Daddy.
10) 3) dialog: (sweating, tense, under some kind of awful emotional strain) Ah-h, if you happen to run into Rose sometime... do me a favor, give her a message for me, will you?
10) 5) dialog: Buddy, I'm a sick man. I had a heart attack last year, I wasn't expected to live. Hillyer turns to Dave, puzzled and interested; Dave earne explains.
10) 6) dialog: You might see her. She writes your Daddy, and she and that doctor came to see him, didn't they? I wish you'd tell her something... I never could write letters.
10) 8) dialog: (a painful inward struggle; the man is tormented, miserable) Oh, to hell with it, never mind. Don't tell her anything. Don't even tell her you saw me.  (half turns his back, his face twisted with strong emotion) Got to run, Buddy, I'll miss my plane. Willcox Hillyer and the pretty young Hertz Girl stare aft Dave Wilkie as he walks away with spasm-like steps. Hilly seems affected, less hostile toward Dave now. He speaks h to himself, half to the Hertz Girl.
200) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of a 1930's automobile in the Hillyer drive at night as it drives up and stops before the front steps ANOTHER ANGLE, CLOSE on Rose and Dave Wilkie in the car. DAVE is much YOUNGER, of course, and a rather handsome ma a stolid way. Even though he is younger than when we saw on the plane, he is quite a bit older than Rose. Rose's e are opened wide, she is a bit breathless, obviously somet important has happened. Dave stares at her as if fascinat almost as if awed.
200) 1) dialog: (rather stiffly) I want to thank you for a wonderful afternoon and evenin'. Can I see you in the mornin'?
202) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Rose on the steps. Happy as a clam, she turns and waves at Dave in the car, then goes on up the steps.
206) 0) text: A shot of Rose, Dave, Buddy, Doll and Waski at a picnic celebration outside the church by a running brook. The scene should be beautiful in summertime. We see a barbecue pit, homemade ice cream in the metal can, other picnic things. A happy Rose is kissing first Buddy, then Doll, then Waski. Dave smiles fondly, but rather stiffly her.
206) 3) dialog: Well, it isn't a picnic, honey. It's a barbecue.
206) 5) dialog: A picnic doesn't involve roast meat, hon. At a barbecue you have a lot of roast meat. CUT TO a shot CLOSE on Buddy as he stares pensively at Da The CAMERA stays on him as we hear VOICES OVER. Rose is happy, Dave phlegmatic.
206) 7) dialog: Better wait, hon. It'll spoil your appetite. Have some barbecue first. The CAMERA stays on Buddy, as he stares pensively at Dave has no expression on his face at all.
207) 0) text: A shot of Rose and Dave bidding goodbye to the Hillyers. Daddy, Mother, Buddy, Doll and Waski are in the model A. is obviously on the verge of tears as Dave speaks solemnl Daddy.
207) 1) dialog: Well, we are off to Savannah, Mr. Hillyer. No more police work, I'm getting in the construction field.