20) 0) text: A shot of Mother, Rose, Buddy, Doll and Waski in the livi room of the Hillyer household. DOLL is a pretty little gi of about 11, WASKI a boy of 5. Mother's tone is very gent very sweet, very kind. Her unabashed admiration for her o children has an ingenuousness that is more amusing than offensive.
20) 6) dialog: I don't like that, either, it's worse than Waski. I want to be called Fran.
22) 20) dialog: Oh, shut up, Buddy.
26) 4) dialog: No.
28) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy and Doll and Waski in the kitchen. Doll and Waski are playing parchesi on the kitchen table. Buddy turns from eavesdropping at the window and strolls across the kitchen, hands in his khaki pants.
28) 2) dialog: (as she shakes dice) I think Daddy suspects.
30) 2) dialog: She's watching the car again?
30) 4) dialog: I get so irritated with Daddy. He's so dumb sometimes.
30) 10) dialog: (pauses, then solemnly) Well, don't tell Mother.
31) 0) text: A shot of the family at dinner in the dining room at nigh Daddy is at the head of the table, Mother is at the other end. Buddy, Doll and Waski are all seated in neat, nice clothe hands washed and hair combed. Rose is serving, but a plac set for her. She wears an attractive little apron and is smiling, blushing, happy as Daddy teases and jokes at her
34) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy and Doll tiptoeing down the darken hall toward the front door. We hear the MODEL-A going dow the drive. They peer out of the glass of the front door. whisper.
34) 2) dialog: Yeah.
34) 4) dialog: Okay.
37) 0) text: CUT TO a CLOSE-UP of Buddy and Doll, their heads together They whisper.
37) 1) dialog: I think she's gonna kiss him.
39) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy and Doll. Doll is down near the fl and can't see as well. They whisper.
39) 1) dialog: I can't see. What are they doing, what's happening?
39) 3) dialog: I can't see, let me see... Doll tries to rise up and Buddy puts a hand on her head a shoves her down.
39) 5) dialog: (a whispered moan of frustration) Ohhh-hh... what's happening now?
39) 7) dialog: Let me see!
41) 0) text: CUT BACK TO Buddy and Doll. Buddy is frustrated now.
41) 2) dialog: (happy, peeping through crack) Boy! Wow! Buddy groans and peers intently through crack.
43) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy and Doll.
43) 1) dialog: Wow! Brrrother!
43) 3) dialog: Buddy, this is amazing, you wouldn't believe it.
43) 5) dialog: (staring, enthralled) He kissed her.
43) 7) dialog: (happily, enjoying it) He had his hand on her titty.
45) 0) text: CUT TO Buddy and Doll.
45) 2) dialog: (a furious whisper) Buddy, that was my place. Doll forces her way in and they both peep through crack i door.
47) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy and Doll as they peep at the door. Doll whispers angrily at him.
47) 1) dialog: Buddy, that was pretty snotty of you, pushing me away like that just when it was interesting.
49) 0) text: CUT TO Buddy and Doll in the darkened living room. He gestures that they'd better leave, and they do. The CAMER FOLLOWS them as they tiptoe out of the living room.
50) 0) text: ANOTHER ANGLE, on Buddy and Doll as they tiptoe up the fr stairs.
51) 0) text: ON Buddy and Doll at the top of the stairs. They pause to talk and now they don't have to whisper. Doll is happy, pleased.
51) 1) dialog: Wasn't Daddy wonderful? He wanted to kiss her some more and play with her, but he didn't, because he loves Mother and all of us, and he loves Rose, too. Isn't he wonderful, isn't he great?
51) 3) dialog: You know, Buddy, sometimes you make me sick. Doll gives him a venomous glance and walks away. The CAME STAYS on Buddy as he stares after her with a thin little smile. Be seems wryly amused that he has made her angry. After a moment, he turns and stares in the direction of downstairs and his face changes. His smile fades, then sl returns as he thinks of what has happened.
66) 0) text: QUICK DISSOLVE TO BLURRED SCREEN: the border of the scree blurred, we are obviously seeing a nightmare fantasy. The shot is of an eager, excited, diabolically mischievous Bu and an astonished, awed DOLL. They are in some far dark recess of the cellar of the house and the scene is furtiv murky, cobwebby.
68) 0) text: A shot of Mother in her study, a worried Doll stands befo her. The border of the screen is blurred, it is another f of fantasy.
68) 2) dialog: Mother, Buddy says Rose got in his bed last night and he fiddled with her and she snorted and had a fit -- and he says I would too if I was grown-up. Is it true, Mother -- would I sweat and snort and froth at the mouth and have a horrible fit like he says? Mother stares in consternation at Doll.
74) 0) text: A shot of a coolly angry Mother in the kitchen. It is lat morning. As she talks the CAMERA PULLS BACK to show a sheepish Buddy standing "on the carpet before her. The ot children, Doll and Waski, are seated at the kitchen table having hamburgers for lunch. They are happily smiling wit schadenfreude amusement at their brother's discomfiture.
74) 21) dialog: No, Mother, he's lying...
74) 46) dialog: (sweetly) Daddy, Buddy was up late last night reading little dirty comic books. Mother gave him a dose of castor oil and he cursed it, he took the Lords name in vain, then claimed he hadn't said it. He lied, Daddy.
74) 48) dialog: I'm only trying to help him, Mother.
120) 0) text: A SHOT of the family at dinner at night. Daddy, Mother, R Buddy, Doll and Waski. The SHOT FAVORS Mother.
121) 2) dialog: Buddy, I'm worried about Rose.
121) 4) dialog: She hasn't got any sense. In some ways, she's awful dumb.
121) 6) dialog: Then why does she act so dumb?
122) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy and Doll running down the upstairs hall and down the stairs. The CAM M FOLLOWS them down the stairs.
123) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy and Doll as they slow down and cre cautiously down the back hall to the back porch. We hear men yelling somewhere out in the dark bushes.
125) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy and Doll as they cower in awe in t downstairs hall. Daddy walks up to them carrying the shot He is grim and furious, but his voice is surprisingly cal
126) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy and Doll in the upstairs hall. Dol meekly goes to her room. Buddy hesitates, looks at Rose's door, glances nervously at the stairs, then goes to Rose's door, knocks softly, o it.
143) 0) text: A SHOT of Buddy and Doll in the living room of the Hillye home at night. Doll is half-heartedly practicing scales o the piano and Buddy is pacing the floor, hands clasped be him in something like the style of his father. As the CAM FOLLOWS Buddy in his pacing we see Waski playing with mar on the floor.
143) 1) dialog: (turns around on piano stool, to Buddy) What is Rose going to do? Where can she go?
143) 3) dialog: You better not snoop, Daddy'll kill you!
149) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy and Doll and Waski in the living r
149) 1) dialog: What's happening?
149) 3) dialog: (pauses, then in a low tone, slightly wide-eyed) Buddy... does Rose really... "do it" with all those boys and men?
153) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy, Doll and Waski in the front hall. They are badly frightened, even terrified. The CAMERA PANS to show the ambulance attendants carrying Rose strapped in a stretcher down the stairs, as Mother h and Daddy follows, both of them very worried. Rose is conscious now and her eyes roll with terror toward the children.
154) 0) text: A shot of Mother, Daddy, Buddy, Doll and Waski in the corridor of a hospital. All look very solemn. A nurse lea them to a door and opens it.
155) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of a hospital room. A very pale, sick-looki Rose lies in a hospital bed. The nurse, mother, Daddy, Bu Doll and Waski enter, all of them looking very grave. ANOTHER ANGLE, CLOSE ON Rose as she weakly turns her head the pillow. Her eyes well with tears as she recognizes th children.
157) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Mother, Daddy, Buddy, Doll and Waski as Daddy comes out of the Doctor's office and shuts the door
168) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of the Model A driving up in the driveway o the Hillyer house. ANOTHER ANGLE on them all as they get out of the car. Ros takes Doll's hand with one hand and Waski's hand with the other.
172) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy, Doll and Waski in the upstairs. T tiptoe along furtively.
174) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy leading Doll and Waski down the st of the cellar. The CAMERA follows as they walk past an ancient coal-burning furnace and...
175) 0) text: climb up into 'a crawl space beneath the front of the hou A shot of Buddy, Doll and Waski crawling along on dirt in crawl space under the house. They come to a floor heat ventillator grill and stop. Buddy holds his fingers to hi lips and listens intently.
177) 0) text: CUT TO a shot CLOSE on Buddy, Doll and Waski in the crawl space. Buddy is smiling in relief. He whispers to Doll an Waski.
179) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy, Doll and Waski as they climb from crawl space down into the cellar by the furnace.
179) 1) dialog: Well, if she's got any sense at all, she'll listen to that.
191) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Doll walking up onto the patio with schoolbooks. The CAMERA follows her as she walks over to Buddy, who is crouched down eavesdropping at another wind She whispers to him.
191) 1) dialog: What's goin' on?
191) 3) dialog: A baby... and she isn't even married.
191) 5) dialog: If it isn't a baby... what is it?
196) 0) text: A shot of the Model A parked on the street outside a hosp in a small Southern town. We see Daddy slowly pacing back forth in front of the hospital entrance, his head bowed a his hands clasped behind him. ANOTHER ANGLE, CLOSER on the Model A. Buddy sits in the middle on the front seat, Mother is at the window. Doll a Waski are on the back seat. They all are staring with pal worry at the pacing Daddy fifty feet away. All are frightened, Mother is very pale. Doll has a tiny handkerc to her eyes and is half crying. Even Waski is very scared
196) 3) dialog: Why is it taking so long?
205) 0) text: VARIOUS SHOTS of a wedding in a tiny country church. We s shots of Rose in a white wedding dress, smiling, happy. D is stiff and solemn in his best suit. Daddy gravely gives Rose away. We hear no dialogue here, MUSIC on track. We s Mother, Buddy, Doll and Waski in the front row, all in Su best and very solemn. We see a CLOSE SHOT of Rose's knees trembling beneath her white wedding dress as a country minister marries them. VARIOUS SHOTS of a rather idyllic country wedding in a very plain, unpretentious country church, and...
206) 0) text: A shot of Rose, Dave, Buddy, Doll and Waski at a picnic celebration outside the church by a running brook. The scene should be beautiful in summertime. We see a barbecue pit, homemade ice cream in the metal can, other picnic things. A happy Rose is kissing first Buddy, then Doll, then Waski. Dave smiles fondly, but rather stiffly her.
207) 0) text: A shot of Rose and Dave bidding goodbye to the Hillyers. Daddy, Mother, Buddy, Doll and Waski are in the model A. is obviously on the verge of tears as Dave speaks solemnl Daddy.
208) 0) text: A shot of Daddy and Mother in the Model A as Daddy drives see Doll and Waski solemn on the back seat, but Buddy is visible.
208) 7) dialog: (seems awed, staring down at Buddy) I don't know. I think he's cryin'! CUT TO ANOTHER ANGLE on Mother, from the front as she slo turns back and stares thoughtfully ahead. The shot is als Daddy. They both stare ahead in pensive silence. Finally Mother speaks.