129) 4) dialog: Nurse says we have a nervous patient. Now, young lady, be calm. First of all, let me tell you, I am not going to hurt you.
129) 6) dialog: No, I am not.
130) 4) dialog: You and the boy wait outside.
131) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Mother and Buddy in the waiting room. En Dr. Winton with a little frown.
131) 1) dialog: Well, she finally let me look in her mouth. Is it true she's never been to a dentist?
131) 3) dialog: Well, she has one mouth in ten thousand, I don't see teeth like that once in ten years. Her trouble is an impacted wisdom tooth, but there isn't a cavity in her head, not a single one. She has perfect teeth.
131) 5) dialog: Yes, and it's very bad. It probably should be done at the hospital under general anesthesia.
131) 7) dialog: I think you're right, it would be harder on her. But you'd better call Mr. Hillyer, she's going to need help to get home.
156) 1) dialog: Well, Mrs. Hillyer, the girl is strong as an ox and that is what is keeping her alive. But not many people walk away from double pneumonia, Madam, not many.
156) 3) dialog: Of course she does and I must say I'm puzzled by your delay in getting her to the hospital. I should think ordinary powers of observation would have suggested to you that she was seriously ill.
156) 5) dialog: (a thin superior smile) Afraid of the hospital?
156) 7) dialog: (frowns in open disbelief) A tenant farm? Are you trying to tell me that girl is a product of the hookworm and pellagra belt?
156) 9) dialog: Exactly, and that's why she couldn't possibly have come from such a farm.
156) 12) dialog: (a thin unpleasant smile) It's simply that I find it incredible, Mr. Hillyer. Aside from the girl's illness at the moment, she is very strong, a very healthy specimen of a young human female -- and a comely one, too. She must have gotten protein somewhere as a young child, if only sporadically.
156) 16) dialog: (with spurious dignity) The point is you don't grow up like that on a diet of sorghum and hominy grits. She got protein somewhere, she's a very strong girl and I think she'll live... despite the delay in medical treatment.
156) 19) dialog: (as they leave) I beg your pardon, epi-zoo-tics? Do you mean "epi-zoo-ot-tics," an animal epidemic?
160) 2) dialog: Let me be the judge of that, Madam.
163) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy as he goes down the hall, eyes narrowed. ON Buddy posted in the doorway of the living room. He has hands on his hips Daddy-style and is staring sternly up t stairs. CUT TO A POV SHOT of Dr. Martinson with his black bag in and shoulders hunched coming down the stairs. The man is slinking, has quilt written all over him. As he goes down stairs he glances to one side, sees Buddy and frowns. The gives a sudden nervous start of fright as we hear Daddy's voice loud on the TRACK.
163) 2) dialog: Oh, yes. Yes. Just fine. A few more days... a little more rest... she'll be perfectly healthy. ANOTHER ANGLE on Daddy as he walks forward down the hall toward Buddy. The CAMERA PICKS UP Buddy and both of them grimly stare after the fleeing doctor.
193) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Dr. Martinson's private office in his ho quite a bit more luxurious than his office at the hospita sober-looking Mother and Daddy sit talking to him. He alm seems to relish the situation.
193) 1) dialog: I'm not surprised you thought she was pregnant. An ovarian cyst can look very much like pregnancy. But it was pure wishful thinking on her part. The girl can never have children, she had gonorrhea at fifteen and it was untreated.
193) 3) dialog: Don't worry, Madam, she can't infect your dear little kiddies. She long ago fully recovered, but the disease did irreparable damage. The girl is permanently barren.
193) 5) dialog: We make our own lives, Madam. As for malignancy, I don't think so, it's very unlikely. I probably shouldn't have even mentioned that possibility to her.
193) 7) dialog: She's an adult, Mrs. Hillyer, I was merely giving her the facts.
193) 9) dialog: Any major operation is dangerous. However, as we know from her previous illness, she's a very strong girl.
193) 11) dialog: Oh, it's definitely better, beyond question. A fatherless child, an ignorant girl with no job, no money, no home. It's fortunate, a blessing really, and a stroke of good luck for another reason I want to mention to you.
195) 0) text: CUT TO a CLOSE shot of Dr. Martinson. An expression of distaste is on his face. The CAMERA pulls back as he talk Mother and Daddy.
195) 1) dialog: I'm sorry the truth nauseates you, Mrs. Hillyer, because before you leave there's a bit more of it I'd like to put to you. This operation provides a therapeutic opportunity that I feel is quite important in regard to this particular girl, who suffers not only from an ovarian cyst but from a certain psychoneurotic condition as well.
195) 4) dialog: (gives Mother an aloof glance, then to Daddy) First, about the girl's history. Evidently she's been very promiscuous since early childhood, she has no control over her sexual impulses. Furthermore, she is permanently barren, she can't have children.
195) 7) dialog: I am thinking particularly of the other ovary. As a rule I don't believe in removing it. The woman's hormonal system is profoundly disturbed, she is subject to possibly serious depression, she loses many of her secondary sexual characteristics for example, her breasts might shrink and become flabby, facial hair might appear along with a coarsening of the features, and of course her sexual drive is greatly diminished, especially in a girl or young woman. For these reasons I am opposed to removing the other ovary, as a rule. Do you follow me?
195) 9) dialog: Then... may I speak quite frankly with you, Mr. Hillyer?
195) 11) dialog: I have of course observed the girl in treating her.
195) 13) dialog: I think we both know her.
195) 16) dialog: Mrs. Hillyer, this girl is sick in more ways than one. She is an extreme psychoneurotic with uncontrollable sexual impulses. It would be a mercy to spare her the suffering she causes herself and others. Therefore I recommend as a therapeutic measure the removal of her second ovary. It is ethically and medically the only proper decision in this case and I suspect your husband agrees with me.
195) 20) dialog: (shrinking a little) Illusions, Madam?
195) 29) dialog: (rather feebly) Now, may I say, I am against that particular procedure, as a general rule. But in a case of near nymphomania, it doesn't seem monstrous to me at all, but medically advisable. Both Mother and Daddy totally ignore him. Mother's eyes a fixed on Daddy and he is struggling with himself, staring down at the floor.
195) 33) dialog: (a sickly smile, he is licked totally) Yes, I understand you, but you have misunderstood me completely.
195) 35) dialog: (a foolish smile, as if Mother has paid him some kind of compliment) Actually of course I won't operate, I don't do major surgery. Dr. Hardy will operate and of course he'll be guided by your wishes in this respect.