19) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy's mother, Mrs. Hillyer, in a Morri chair in her bedroom study. MOTHER is a sensitive, kind and rather appealing if sligh eccentric lady of about 37 or 38. She wears glasses, has Victorian hairdo and a 1930ish style dress. At the moment Mother is absorbed in her studies -- notebooks and histor books are littered and piled everywhere around her chair. is drinking a Coca-Cola and smoking a cigarette held by a bobbie pin. Calmly, she glances up as Buddy enters the ro The CAMERA pulls back to include him.
19) 2) dialog: Wonderful. What's she like, Brother? What is your impression of her?
19) 4) dialog: Your impression is very reassuring, Brother. Of course she's had troubles, poor thing, but I sensed that was that the girl was like and I'm glad to have it reconfirmed.
19) 6) dialog: All right, all right. Doll and Waski are upstairs taking their nap, you go get them and bring them down to the living room. Where is the girl?
19) 8) dialog: Walked, in all that heat? It's a wonder she hasn't got sunstroke. I'll phone Daddy and you go get Doll Baby and Waski.
20) 0) text: A shot of Mother, Rose, Buddy, Doll and Waski in the livi room of the Hillyer household. DOLL is a pretty little gi of about 11, WASKI a boy of 5. Mother's tone is very gent very sweet, very kind. Her unabashed admiration for her o children has an ingenuousness that is more amusing than offensive.
20) 1) dialog: Rose, this is Waski. His real name is Warren but we call him Waski. He doesn't like it much and I suppose someday we'll have to stop calling him that.
20) 3) dialog: When he was baby we called him "Wa Wa," a baby name, you know. You will find him a very good boy. His brother can be bad and so can his sister, but Waski is a very good boy. And as you can see he's beautiful.
20) 5) dialog: (serenely) There are plenty of girls who would give thousands of dollars to have your auburn hair. Beauty is beauty and that's all there is to it. Beauty is there and we have to recognize it. Now Rose, the little girl sitting across from you with the blue eyes is Doll Baby. She looks like an angel and she is an angel, but she can be a naughty angel sometimes, although her father won't believe it. Her real name is Frances, but we call her Dolly or Doll.
20) 7) dialog: Daddy wouldn't hear that. Now the redhaired boy you see sitting there, of course you have met him, he is my oldest son and my most brilliant child. All children have great creative powers, but I don't want to rattle on about my children, they say I brag too much about them, especially about Brother. Am I boring you, Rose? Rose has not as yet caught on to Mother's style and is staring at her with lips apart and blue eyes slightly pop
20) 9) dialog: Well, it's rather interesting about Brother, actually. I realized the remarkable thing he had when he was six weeks old. He looked at me and understood me, he knew exactly who I was. I know it sounds crazy but it's true. He's very remarkable, he was born for the ministry and could move millions, but he doesn't know that yet. I have to warn you about him, he can be very dangerous, there is an evil streak in him, a streak of pure sheer meanness. But at heart Brother is saintly and that is why he was born for the ministry even if he doesn't know it. Thus, Mother. Slightly cuckoo, a bit out of touch with reality, but no fool. A very intelligent woman really, an very, very gentle and kind. Her style, however, takes a little getting used to and he long speech throws Rose completely. She stares at Mother speechless open-mouthed awe, unable to say a word. The CAMERA moves in CLOSER on Rose as she moistens her li swallows, tries to talk and can't. She is very, very nerv Now she flinches and looks around as we hear a deep mascu VOICE OVER the shot. It is the voice of DADDY, Mr. Hillye Buddy's father.
20) 11) dialog: It isn't the fourth dimension. To you it's the fourth dimension, maybe, to me it's simply the truth.
23) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Rose on the stone patio of the Hillyer house, an attractive area with outdoor furniture and crabapple tree limbs overhead. Rose is busy sweeping. The CAMERA PANS to follow her and we pick up Mrs. Hillyer, Mother. It is a nice day and she is studying out on the patio, books and notebooks piled around. Rose glances dow curiously at her.
23) 2) dialog: More history, Rose.
23) 4) dialog: Well, I am working on my thesis.
23) 6) dialog: (looks up, and gently) Rose, you work too hard. Why don't you go sit down somewhere and drink a Co-Cola?
23) 8) dialog: Really, why don't you go sit down somewhere?
23) 10) dialog: (gently) Well, you run on now.
25) 2) dialog: Yes, it's so nice I thought I'd work outside.
25) 4) dialog: Slow, hon. But at least I can concentrate now that Rose is here.
25) 7) dialog: What?
25) 9) dialog: (adjusts hearing aid) Oh. Did you say something?
25) 11) dialog: Honey, she's perfect. She works all the time and she's wonderful with the children. And they love her, even Brother likes her though he won't admit it. I think she's just perfect.
25) 13) dialog: And she's such a good-hearted thing, there isn't an ounce of harm or malice in her.
25) 15) dialog: There are no flies on Rose, I don't know what you're talking about.
27) 0) text: CUT TO Mother and Daddy on the patio. Daddy stands up.
27) 2) dialog: Hope for the best? I don't understand all this skepticism. I thought you liked Rose.
27) 4) dialog: Hotcha character. If I had to live with your cynicism, I wouldn't want to live at all. What you can't understand is that the creative forces of the universe are positive, not negative.
27) 6) dialog: I'm not in the fourth dimension -- (points a finger at him) -- you are in the fourth dimension, when you allow skepticism and doubt to take control. As Blake said, if God had doubt the sun would go out.
27) 8) dialog: (reaches up, takes his hand) Be nice to Rose. She's never had a real home.
31) 0) text: A shot of the family at dinner in the dining room at nigh Daddy is at the head of the table, Mother is at the other end. Buddy, Doll and Waski are all seated in neat, nice clothe hands washed and hair combed. Rose is serving, but a plac set for her. She wears an attractive little apron and is smiling, blushing, happy as Daddy teases and jokes at her
31) 5) dialog: Rose does have a gift for cooking. She learns so fast, but mainly I think it's that she tries so hard.
32) 0) text: ANOTHER ANGLE, on the family as they eat dinner. Rose is seated at the table now. She is picking lifelessly at her food and glancing from time to time with a lovesick expression at Daddy, who is busy eating and seems wholly unaware of it. Mother also is wholly unaware, but all the children know what is happening. Rose takes a gravy for a biscuit and spills a little, her hand is trembling.
32) 1) dialog: (gently, suspects absolutely nothing) Rose, you're in an awful dither tonight. What's the matter with you, honey, are you sick or something?
32) 3) dialog: You look sick if you ask me. I hate to leave you with the dishes and all, but I'm supposed to go to a meeting of the Garden Club this evening. (to Daddy) I'll need the car keys.
32) 5) dialog: I think about what I'm doing all the time, and I've got as much business behind the wheel of an automobile as anybody. Besides, I want you to stay and help Rose with the dishes, the poor girl isn't feeling well.
53) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Mother's bedroom-study in the moonlight. see Daddy lying wide-awake in a single bed staring broodi out into space. Mother lies asleep in a big four poster i the background of the shot. Daddy sighs wearily to himsel the grip of "insomnia in reverse."
55) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy sitting on the edge of his bed in pajamas. He looks frowzle-haired and glum. The CAMERA FOL him as he wearily gets up and walks across the bedroom in moonlight and takes a package of cigarettes from a bureau glances over his shoulder as we hear Mother.
55) 1) dialog: What's the matter, hon? Is anything wrong?
68) 0) text: A shot of Mother in her study, a worried Doll stands befo her. The border of the screen is blurred, it is another f of fantasy.
68) 1) dialog: Yes, dear, what is it?
74) 0) text: A shot of a coolly angry Mother in the kitchen. It is lat morning. As she talks the CAMERA PULLS BACK to show a sheepish Buddy standing "on the carpet before her. The ot children, Doll and Waski, are seated at the kitchen table having hamburgers for lunch. They are happily smiling wit schadenfreude amusement at their brother's discomfiture.
74) 1) dialog: Brother, when I have to wake you up at eleven o'clock in the morning you're either sick or you were up very late last night.  (points a finger at him) And you weren't reading Huckleberry Finn. I looked and its not in your room. Now what were you doing?
74) 3) dialog: (sadly) Oh, Brother, I am so disappointed in you. You mustn't look at those horrible things, they degrade the human image.
74) 5) dialog: Sex isn't ugly, sex is one of the most beautiful things in life, the creative power of the universe is behind it.
74) 7) dialog: But we must respect that power, we must be in awe of it.
74) 9) dialog: I don't think you are sufficiently in awe of it. Get the castor oil.
74) 11) dialog: This isn't punishment, I don't believe in punishment. It's for your health. Obviously you're sick if you can act like that. As she talks, Buddy reluctantly gets a bottle of castor o and a tablespoon from a shelf and brings it to her. A smi Doll comes forward and hands Buddy half of an orange. He makes a face at her. Mother takes the bottle and pours ou tablespoon of castor oil.
74) 13) dialog: This is for your own good. When you look at negative, destructive things like those little filthy comic books, you are sick. Here, take this.
74) 15) dialog: Stop gagging like that and putting on a show, and swallow it. 
74) 17) dialog: What did you say, Brother? 
74) 19) dialog: No, you didn't say that, Brother.
74) 25) dialog: Children, children! Be quiet, all of you!  (the children at once simmer down) The vibrations in this house are strange today. Where's Rose, anyhow?
74) 27) dialog: (frowns, adjusts hearing aid) What'd you say, Brother?
74) 29) dialog: Oh, yes, it's Thursday.  (glances around at sound of an opening door) Hello, Rose, dear...  (her eyes open wide as she stares at Rose, disconcerted; now weakly) ... my, you're... looking pretty... CUT TO a shot of Rose in the doorway of the kitchen. She quite an apparition. She wears bright red lipstick, pink rouge on her cheeks, mascara and her hair is coiffed up i some outlandish manner, but her clothes are the most remarkable thing of all. The skirt is of strange, pink, semi-shiny and very thin material and has about a dozen tiny little flowers that c be rosebuds sewed on it. It fits extremely snugly to say least. The blouse seems a composite: it has frilly white sleeves that are opaque and otherwise is made of filmy wh material that is hardly opaque at all. She has no bra and breasts are half visible, the nipples denting the materia It is pretty wild for 1935. She seems to have on no under of any kind; the skirt, which clings to her like a bathin suit, shows no panty seams. She is carrying a shiny black patent leather pocketbook and has on high heel black pate leather shoes and no stockings. An ingenuous little smile on her face.
74) 31) dialog: (smiling, slightly aghast) Well, it's... very gay. We hear the SOUND of the Model A on the driveway.
74) 34) dialog: (makes up her mind to defend Rose) Well, I think it's charming, Rose.  (tactfully) But don't you think... ah, the skirt is a little tight?
74) 41) dialog: Why, they won't either. She looks pretty. And I wish you wouldn't pick on the poor girl all the time. Don't listen to him, Rose, you look pretty, even beautiful.
74) 47) dialog: You mustn't be a tattletale, dear. You mustn't be Delilah-ish and Jezebel-ish toward your brother, dear.
74) 50) dialog: (to Daddy) I do wish you'd speak to Brother. It's true he's been looking at those horrible little books again.
74) 52) dialog: (genuinely worried) I'm serious. We forget he's just a child. I wish you'd speak to him.
74) 61) dialog: (a wee mite worried) Well, it is a little tight. But it isn't as bad as all that. No one will notice unless they have such thoughts in the first place.
74) 63) dialog: You're not having lunch?
74) 65) dialog: Rose, you and Brother wait in the car. I want to speak for a moment Lo Mr. Hillyer.
74) 67) dialog: Doll, you and Waski run on, too.
76) 0) text: CUT TO Mother and Daddy at the kitchen table.
76) 1) dialog: (earnestly) I wish you wouldn't pick on Rose and tease her like that. Of course her clothes are silly, but she's ignorant, naive, she doesn't know any better.
76) 3) dialog: Well, I admit that outfit isn't very modest. But she doesn't mean any harm, she just wants to attract, attention.
76) 5) dialog: I don't think you understand her. It isn't sex she wants, it's love she wants and this is the only way she knows how to get it.
76) 7) dialog: He and his wife both said she had a fine moral character and was wonderful with children.
76) 9) dialog: But that's a wonderful quality, not a bad quality. (takes his hand) Have a little patience with her. She's such a good-hearted little thing and tries so hard.
76) 11) dialog: (rises, again takes his hand) Be kind to her. She loves you so much. (Daddy stiffens slightly, and she adds) In a perfectly proper way, of course.
106) 2) dialog: What time is it?
106) 4) dialog: Is she all right?
106) 6) dialog: Bruises and broken bones, what kind of thing is that to say? Daddy walks INTO THE SHOT, sits on the edge of the bed.
106) 7) dialog: Why shouldn't she go out and have boyfriends?
106) 9) dialog: Well, I wish you'd stop criticizing and picking on her.
106) 11) dialog: (doubtfully) Well, time will tell, won't it?
107) 0) text: A SHOT of Mother on the patio studying. It is a sunny afternoon. Mother looks up idly, looks back down at her notebook, then looks up again with a frown. CUT TO A POV SHOT of a SCRUFFY-LOOKING KAN as he darts be one tree to another. The Scruffy-looking Man does not see sinister, but he definitely is scruffy. ON Mother. Frowning, she puts down her notebook and rises walks toward the door of the kitchen.
108) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Rose washing dishes in the kitchen. As usual, she is in a cheerful good humor. We see Buddy at t kitchen table building a model airplane. Mother comes INT THE SHOT, worried, frowning.
108) 1) dialog: Rose, that scruffy-looking man is out in the yard again.
108) 3) dialog: I had better call Daddy.
110) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Mother talking on a phone.
110) 1) dialog: Hello, honey? That scruffy-looking man is out in the yard again.
114) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of a worried-looking Mother on the front po of the house. Buddy and a meek-looking Rose are in the background in the doorway. A weary, out-of-breath Daddy c INTO THE SHOT and walks up the steps, straw hat in hand.
117) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Mother. Frowning, she gets up.
118) 0) text: ON Mother as she opens the front door. A sullen Billy sta at her.
118) 1) dialog: Yes?
118) 3) dialog: She must have gone out for a walk with the children.
118) 5) dialog: She isn't here. And I'm sorry, but Mr. Hillyer doesn't want her to have callers during working hours.
118) 7) dialog: I said she isn't here. NOW you go home. Be a nice boy and go home. Gently but firmly, Mother shuts the door in Billy's face. A SHOT of Billy frustrated on the front porch. Sadly, reluctantly, he turns and walks off the porch down the st
119) 0) text: ON mother, peering worriedly through the curtains of the front door.
120) 0) text: A SHOT of the family at dinner at night. Daddy, Mother, R Buddy, Doll and Waski. The SHOT FAVORS Mother.
120) 1) dialog: That sulky boy was here again this afternoon. I was almost scared, he wouldn't go away.
120) 4) dialog: (finally, in a small voice) Well, it isn't Rose's fault boys and men like her. You cant blame her for that, hon.
128) 6) dialog: (very tense) I don't think we ought to discuss this in front of the children.
128) 9) dialog: (draws herself up) I will not sit here and listen to you be brutal to this poor girl.
128) 11) dialog: You certainly are! She has an awful toothache, look at her jaw, it's all swollen.
128) 14) dialog: Scoundrels? They weren't scoundrels, they were just boys.
128) 16) dialog: Yes! Yes, I say that to you, they were boys! Boy friends of Rose, chat's what they were, and why shouldn't she have boy friends? Do you want her to be unnatural? Don't you think she's human the same way you are yourself? It's the South, that's what it is, the South with its horrible traditions, of slavery and crime and the oppression of women, who are just as good as men and just as human!
128) 18) dialog: (in a real snit, afraid he will fire Rose) And when I try to talk to you seriously, when I try to explain to you the unlimited creative power of life, how beautiful it would be if we gave up this hopeless struggle and simply loved each other from our hearts, what do you do -- you mock me!
128) 24) dialog: (with fire in her eyes) Just a moment! You are not going to fire this girl for an innocent thing like having boy friends, not while there is breath in my body!
128) 26) dialog: It isn't her fault if she's popular... what?
128) 28) dialog: (simmers down at once, now calmly) Well, that's very reasonable. Howe I hate to bring it up, but she's got an awful toothache, we've got to carry her to the dentist.
128) 30) dialog: Be quiet, Rose.
129) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Mother, Rose and Buddy in a dentist's waiting room. Rose is holding a rubber ice bag to her jaw which is quite swollen. She is groaning and half weeping pain.
129) 1) dialog: Poor thing. Does the ice help, Rose?
129) 3) dialog: No, Rose, he'll help you. ANOTHER ANGLE, Rose shrinks in fear as, enter the dentist a white coat, DR. WINTON, a kindly-looking, gray-haired m We see a nurse behind him. He smiles in a reassuring mann
129) 8) dialog: (rises, takes her by the hand) Now, come on, Rose. Stop being so childish, come on.
130) 0) text: ANOTHER ANGLE, on Rose and Mother and Dr. Winton, as they guide and lead Rose into the dentist's operating room.- S plants her feet and her eyes open wide with horror as she sees the chair and other equipment.
130) 2) dialog: (annoyed) Rose, sit down in that chair and be quiet! We're trying to help you, you silly creature, sit in that chair!
131) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Mother and Buddy in the waiting room. En Dr. Winton with a little frown.
131) 2) dialog: She was raised on a poor dirt farm. I'm sure she's never seen a dentist or hardly even a doctor.
131) 4) dialog: But the wisdom tooth will have to be pulled?
131) 6) dialog: That would scare her to death. She's terrified of hospitals. To her, a hospital is where you go to die.
132) 0) text: A shot of Daddy behind the wheel of the model-A. Rose lie pale and exhausted on Mother's shoulder on the front seat trace of bloody gauze can be seen in her mouth and her ey are closed. Buddy is on the back seat.
132) 2) dialog: (with pity, gently) I know it was bad, honey. I'm sorry...
132) 4) dialog: It'll get better now.
133) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of the Model-A in the driveway of the Hilly home. Mother helps Rose out of the car, but Rose can't st on her feet. Daddy has to catch her from falling. Daddy p her up in his arms and carries her up the steps as Buddy ahead to open the front door.
134) 0) text: A shot of Mother and Daddy and Buddy on the patio. It is beautiful sunny morning. Mother and Daddy are seated at a outdoor table about to have coffee. Daddy is opening mail Buddy, in the b.g., is gluing up a kite. Enter a smiling healthy Rose with orange juice, toast, cups and coffee on tray.
134) 7) dialog: Rose has learned her lesson, haven't you, Rose?
144) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy coming with great furtiveness from living room out into the front hall. Very cautiously, he tiptoes across the hall and bows down and listens at the of his mother's bedroom-study. He crouches down, peeps through the keyhole.
145) 0) text: CUT TO a "keyhole shot" of Daddy and Mother in the bedroo Mother sits in her study chair, a handkerchief to her eye Daddy sits in a chair nearby. He looks depressed.
145) 2) dialog: (wanly) Well, she does seem to cause a lot of trouble, I admit. But she doesn't mean any harm and it'll break the children's hearts, they all love her.
145) 4) dialog: Who is to say our morals are better than hers? (frowns, sighs) But maybe you're right. She could... influence Dolly...
145) 6) dialog: But morals come from the heart, not from rigid rules and empty laws. And in her heart Rose has never hurt anyone and she never would. Therefore, she's not immoral. Not really.
145) 8) dialog: But what I said is the simple truth. And now I see something else, I see more deeply into it... Mother has a slightly "other-worldly" look on her face. D glances at the door of the bedroom, he suspects something
147) 0) text: CUT TO a Shot of Daddy and Mother. It is another "keyhole shot."
147) 1) dialog: How could Rose really be a bad influence on Dolly? She has a loving nature, you ought to want someone like that around your children. Why do you think those boys and men like her?
147) 3) dialog: If you mean sex, you couldn't be more wrong. Rose likes those boys and men, she has love in her heart, and that is what they want. It's the most rare and beautiful thing in life and that is why they follow her.
147) 5) dialog: What she doesn't understand is that her behavior is disturbing to other people. She's young, she's got to learn to restrain the life force that's in her. Its creative, but in her case it's too creative.
147) 7) dialog: (rises) I'll talk to her, I'll reason with her.
148) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy in the hall. He jumps up and hurri across the hall into the living room. Again, as the livin room door shuts the bedroom door opens. Mother starts up stairs, her mouth determined.
150) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Mother going down the upstairs hall. She knocks on Roses door and enters.
151) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Mother as she walks over and stares down shock at Rose on the bad. Rose is lying back on a pillow staring groggily at her, obviously not quite all there. Frowning with worry, Mother sits beside her and puts a ha on her forehead.
151) 1) dialog: Rose, you're very sick. You're burning up. Rose, can you hear me? Rose?
153) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy, Doll and Waski in the front hall. They are badly frightened, even terrified. The CAMERA PANS to show the ambulance attendants carrying Rose strapped in a stretcher down the stairs, as Mother h and Daddy follows, both of them very worried. Rose is conscious now and her eyes roll with terror toward the children.
154) 0) text: A shot of Mother, Daddy, Buddy, Doll and Waski in the corridor of a hospital. All look very solemn. A nurse lea them to a door and opens it.
155) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of a hospital room. A very pale, sick-looki Rose lies in a hospital bed. The nurse, mother, Daddy, Bu Doll and Waski enter, all of them looking very grave. ANOTHER ANGLE, CLOSE ON Rose as she weakly turns her head the pillow. Her eyes well with tears as she recognizes th children.
156) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of DR. F. ROBERT MARTINSON, a rather unplea man with a spade beard. He has a superior, patronizing wa talking and very little Southern accent if any. The scene his office and he is in a swivel chair behind his desk. As he speaks the CAMERA PULLS BACK to show Daddy, Mother the Hillyer children.
156) 2) dialog: She looks terrible, just awful.
156) 4) dialog: She hid it from us, Doctor. She's afraid of the hospital.
156) 6) dialog: Deathly afraid of it. Her people were poor tenant farmers and she doesn't know anything about doctors or medicine or hospitals.
156) 8) dialog: Well, her people were very poor. She says she was often hungry as a child, and I'm sure the food she ate was pretty awful, not a balanced diet at all.
156) 11) dialog: (embarrassed) Honey, please...
156) 13) dialog: It is kind of amazing. The dentist says she has perfect teeth, there isn't a cavity in her mouth.
156) 18) dialog: Yes, thank you, Doctor.
157) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Mother, Daddy, Buddy, Doll and Waski as Daddy comes out of the Doctor's office and shuts the door
157) 2) dialog: You don't like him because he's a Yankee. He's a brilliant doctor.
158) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy, Mother and the Hillyer children i hospital elevator as a black elevator operator runs them down. Daddy has his hat politely removed and is staring pensively ahead.
158) 2) dialog: I don't see how you can even think of it now. Daddy purses his lips but says nothing. It is obvious the "epizootics" have saved Rose, at least for the time being
159) 0) text: A SHOT of Rose in bed in her own bedroom. She is propped on pillows and wearing a rather attractive pink silk housecoat of Mother's. A tray is on her lap and she is eating her supper as Budd sits on the edge of the bed talking with her, or rather listening to her. It is obvious she is well on the road b to health.
160) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Mother opening the front door. Dr. Marti is there-with his black bag, an icy polite look on his fa
160) 1) dialog: Oh, good evening, Doctor. Rose is a lot better, I just gave her her supper. She's almost all well now.
160) 3) dialog: Yes. Well. She's upstairs.
161) 2) dialog: The Doctor is here. And Brother, supper is ready.
162) 4) dialog: Honey, Dr. Martinson isn't a rascal, he's one of the finest physicians in Glenville. He studied at Johns Hopkins University.
162) 6) dialog: Sometimes the negativism and cynicism in you makes me want to vomit.  (shakes her head sadly as Buddy surreptitiously puts his napkin on table) Your real trouble is that you're anti-intellectual. The irony is women are supposed to be emotional, but I never saw anybody who depended more on emotion and prejudice than you do.
162) 8) dialog: Now I have a plan about Rose, an educational plan. She's getting better and we don't want any more trouble -- (notices Buddy slipping out) Brother, you ought to hear this.
162) 10) dialog: First, those clothes she wears. They're too provocative. I've talked to her a lot about it and I think she understands...
164) 0) text: A SHOT of Mother and Rose and the children in the kitchen see a sewing machine and evidences of dressmaking. Rose h on a new and modest little dress that Mother evidently ha made for her.
164) 1) dialog: You see, Rose? Now that's the kind of dress you ought to wear.
164) 3) dialog: You look very pretty in it, Rose. Really, you do.
164) 5) dialog: Well, there's no reason you shouldn't go out, Rose... in moderation.
165) 0) text: A SHOT of Daddy, Mother, Rose, and the children all in th Sunday best going up the steps of a church. Rose looks virginal in the modest dress Mother made for her.
166) 0) text: A SHOT of Rose, Mother, Daddy and the children on a bench church. We hear singing. Rose looks innocent, virginal as sings. Mother gives her an approving look, exchanges glan with Daddy.
168) 2) dialog: She's like a different person. Being so sick made a big impression on her. I really think she's learned a lesson.
176) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy, Mother and Rose in Mother's bedro study. We see the grillwork of the heat ventillator in th floor. Daddy is at the climax of his speech.
178) 0) text: CUT BACK TO Daddy, Mother and Rose in the bedroom-study.
178) 3) dialog: (a bit overwhelmed by Daddy) She hasn't actually done anything...
183) 0) text: CUT TO a POV shot of the garden below as seen by Daddy fr the window. We see lying on the ground BILLY, the Sulky B who scared Mother. He wears only undershorts and is groan holding his leg, which evidently he has injured in jumpin from the window.
185) 0) text: A shot of Daddy, Mother and Rose at the kitchen table drinking coffee in the early morning. Daddy looks grave, Mother looks sad, and Rose is crying into a handkerchief.
186) 0) text: A shot of the family at breakfast in the dining room. The dissolve suggests that some time has gone by. Daddy looks bit grim, Rose has a wan and depressed expression. Mother looks worried.
186) 5) dialog: She can't get a job, it's a depression. And we can't just throw her out on the street.
186) 7) dialog: Rose, you don't look well and you haven't eaten a bit of breakfast.
186) 11) dialog: She does look a little peaky.
186) 15) dialog: She's just nervous and worried. And you would be, too, if you had no job and no place to go.
188) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of the kitchen on Mother and Rose. Mother i helping a rather wan Rose prepare dinner. Enter Daddy.
188) 8) dialog: Honey, Rose was born on a farm and has terrible memories of farm life. Now I don't think --
188) 10) dialog: I don't know how you can call it ideal -- don't you know what the word "farm" means to her?
188) 12) dialog: It sounds like a farm to me. Calling it a dairy establishment, that's just trickery and flummery.
190) 8) dialog: (looks up, sees Buddy in patio window) Brother, get out of that window! Buddy ducks down out of eight instantly. Both Mother and Daddy, however, are too preoccupied and upset to be conce with him.
190) 10) dialog: (as Rose begins crying) Poor thing, don't cry, Rose. I know you feel awful, but don't cry, honey, nobody's perfect. Who's the father, dear?
190) 12) dialog: (gently) I know it's embarrassing... but who were you exposed to, dear?
190) 15) dialog: That's why I'm asking her who the father is. It's the most vital question of all. Who's the father, dear?
190) 17) dialog: (naively) But she must know... unless... unless... Rose, was there more than one person?
190) 19) dialog: (gently, a tiny frown, a bit shocked) Rose, really, you shouldn't act like that.
190) 22) dialog: What did you forget?
190) 32) dialog: Honey!
190) 35) dialog: Rose, you don't have to.
190) 38) dialog: I'd say about three months. Are you satisfied?
193) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Dr. Martinson's private office in his ho quite a bit more luxurious than his office at the hospita sober-looking Mother and Daddy sit talking to him. He alm seems to relish the situation.
193) 2) dialog: (shocked, rather feebly) Gonorrhea?
193) 4) dialog: Well, that's pathetic. Poor Rose, what a life she has had.
193) 6) dialog: (rather coldly, seems disenchanted with him) No, you shouldn't have, it was needlessly cruel. She thinks she has cancer and is going to die.
193) 12) dialog: (totally disenchanted with the Doctor) This conversation is making me a little sick.
195) 0) text: CUT TO a CLOSE shot of Dr. Martinson. An expression of distaste is on his face. The CAMERA pulls back as he talk Mother and Daddy.
195) 2) dialog: What do you mean, what kind of gobbledygook talk is that?
195) 6) dialog: (quietly) Yes, go on.
195) 15) dialog: What are you talking about? I don't understand all this mumbo jumbo and the funny looks on your faces.
195) 18) dialog: (slowly rises to her feet and in a trembling voice) Over... my... dead... body! A long, frozen pause as both Daddy and Dr. Martinson star Mother in surprise. She stares at the Doctor with fire in eyes. He seems already to shrink a little. Finally she sp with a calm fury.
195) 19) dialog: Are you human beings or are you some kind of male monsters? Is there no limit to which you won't go to keep your illusions about yourselves?
195) 21) dialog: You'd go so far as to mutilate a helpless girl who has no means to defend herself, you'd go that far? Don't you think I know what you've just said and don't you think I understand the dreadful and revolting crime you've just conspired to commit? Dr. Martinson stares at her in fear and shock, intimidate the calm fury and ice-cold moral indignation. He opens his mouth as if to speak, but no sound comes out Mother turns to Daddy.
195) 22) dialog: I thought I knew you. I thought I knew you better, I thought in your heart you were a good and kind man. Well, I can't believe what I've just heard in this room. A defenseless girl depending on you for protection, and you propose to mutilate and destroy her. How could you listen even for a moment to that sadistic man?
195) 24) dialog: I can't believe you really meant it, if I did I'd want to die. You aren't a male monster, that man is but you aren't. Look me in the eye and tell me, do you really want to take Rose's womanhood away from her when it's all she has got?
195) 26) dialog: Rose isn't oversexed, that's ridiculous. If you're going to talk nonsense, I don't want to talk to you at all. Rose is exactly the same as the rest of us, except more so.
195) 28) dialog: (with a quiet fury) Better off? How could she ever find love and happiness, if you did what you're talking about? Are you insane?
195) 32) dialog: I will not cry like a woman. If I'm upset it's because of what my husband said, not because of you. You can't make me cry like a woman, a woman has got just as much intelligence and self-control as a man. And you get this in your head. If you hurt that girl, I'll hire lawyers and sue you for malpractice for every penny you have got, I'll do my level best to ruin you. Do you understand me?
195) 34) dialog: (icy cold) I understand you perfectly. You leave that girl alone, you wretched man, or you will be sorry.
195) 36) dialog: Let him be guided not by my wishes and not by Rose's wishes, although I am sure they are identical. Let him be guided by the wishes of the creative power of life itself, because that is what has spoken through me tonight.
196) 0) text: A shot of the Model A parked on the street outside a hosp in a small Southern town. We see Daddy slowly pacing back forth in front of the hospital entrance, his head bowed a his hands clasped behind him. ANOTHER ANGLE, CLOSER on the Model A. Buddy sits in the middle on the front seat, Mother is at the window. Doll a Waski are on the back seat. They all are staring with pal worry at the pacing Daddy fifty feet away. All are frightened, Mother is very pale. Doll has a tiny handkerc to her eyes and is half crying. Even Waski is very scared
196) 2) dialog: (in a trembly voice) No, Waski, she won't die, because we are praying for her. CUT TO a shot of Daddy from the POV of the car. He looks his wristwatch, frowns and walks into the entrance of the hospital. ANOTHER ANGLE, on them all in the car. They wait, pale an silent. Doll sniffles in her handkerchief.
196) 6) dialog: How is she?
197) 0) text: A shot of Daddy sitting with mother at the kitchen table. Bright cheerful sunshine comes in the window that opens o the patio. Rose comes into the SHOT carrying a coffee pot sunny smile on her face.
197) 5) dialog: Don't worry about it, honey. Daddy pauses, seems to be struggling with himself, he is frowning.
197) 10) dialog: Don't worry, honey, you'll find something.
197) 12) dialog: Forget about it, I don't want you working in one of those honky tonks.
199) 17) dialog: I don't understand it. Even in the wild days she was never as late as this.
201) 2) dialog: Who?
204) 2) dialog: Well... well, that's wonderful, Rose.
205) 0) text: VARIOUS SHOTS of a wedding in a tiny country church. We s shots of Rose in a white wedding dress, smiling, happy. D is stiff and solemn in his best suit. Daddy gravely gives Rose away. We hear no dialogue here, MUSIC on track. We s Mother, Buddy, Doll and Waski in the front row, all in Su best and very solemn. We see a CLOSE SHOT of Rose's knees trembling beneath her white wedding dress as a country minister marries them. VARIOUS SHOTS of a rather idyllic country wedding in a very plain, unpretentious country church, and...
207) 0) text: A shot of Rose and Dave bidding goodbye to the Hillyers. Daddy, Mother, Buddy, Doll and Waski are in the model A. is obviously on the verge of tears as Dave speaks solemnl Daddy.
208) 0) text: A shot of Daddy and Mother in the Model A as Daddy drives see Doll and Waski solemn on the back seat, but Buddy is visible.
208) 2) dialog: Well, yes, she's happy. Of course Dave doesn't have her life force, not at all. There isn't much furniture in his house, just a table and one or two chairs, whereas Rose has furniture coming out of the windows.
208) 4) dialog: (slowly nods) Yes, I think so. He adores her, it's almost pitiful the way he worships her. I just hope she isn't too much for him. Mother pauses, frowning, she has her doubts, looks over h shoulder.
208) 5) dialog: What do you think, Brother? Mother frowns in surprise. CUT TO a POV shot of Buddy on the back seat of the car. N it is clear why we couldn't see him in the other shot. Be lying down on the seat of the car with his Sunday coat pu over his head. ANOTHER ANGLE on Mother and Buddy, Doll, Waski. Buddy lie the seat, motionless with his coat over his head.
208) 6) dialog: What's the matter with him?
208) 8) dialog: (rather sadly) Maybe Brother is right. Maybe so.
215) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Willcox Hillyer as he glances into the living room. The room looks the same but different -it is musty, dim. Willcox Hillyer stares at it as if haunted a bit, turns a the CAMERA follows him as he crosses the hall and looks i Mother's old bedroom-study. This room is quite different. four poster is gone. The room is dusty, musty, dark. Magazines are on the floor in a ring around Mother's old study chair. We see "male" things. It is apparent Daddy l alone in this room. A SHOT of Willcox Hillyer as he walks down the familiar h back to the kitchen.