16) 0) text: CUT TO a LONG POV shot of a young and very pretty blonde walking slowly up an oak-shaded driveway. A ZOOMAR LENSE takes us TOWARD her. She is carrying a cardboard suitcase tied with a string. Her clothes are cheap, her shoes are dusty, runs are in her stockings. She is sweaty, tired an seems very nervous. ROSE is a very attractive girl, but h primary quality is not sexiness, but an innocence and sweetness. She pauses to wipe sweat from her forehead wit the back of her hand and nervously moistens her lips as s stares ahead uncertainly at the "nice" Southern home whic her seems very grand. It is apparent she is badly frighte and apprehensive about what lies ahead. She is also exhau from the heat and a long hot walk in the Southern sun. Sh blinks at perspiration, swallows in anxiety again and for herself to walk on.
18) 0) text: CUT TO a POV shot of Rose at the foot of the porch steps. tentative little smile is on her face. It is very plain s is nervous and frightened.
18) 1) dialog: Hello. I'm Rose, and I've come to live with you and your family. Silence. The damn boy says nothing. A trifle crestfallen, Rose moistens his lips and swallows. She ventures another little smile and the CAMERA follows her as she walks up t steps. The at-times-insufferable Buddy comes into the sho He still has his hands on his hips Daddy-style and his expression is inscrutable, neither friendly nor hostile.
18) 2) dialog: What's your name? What do they call you? Finally, the boy speaks -- and he is not so bad. He's a c after all.
18) 4) dialog: (greatly reassured, a real smile now) Buddy. Well, now, that's a nice name, I like it. I am real pleased to meet you.  (solemnly holds out her hand, they shake) Hey, look, do you think you got a cold drink of ice water somewhere?
18) 6) dialog: You're sweet.
20) 0) text: A shot of Mother, Rose, Buddy, Doll and Waski in the livi room of the Hillyer household. DOLL is a pretty little gi of about 11, WASKI a boy of 5. Mother's tone is very gent very sweet, very kind. Her unabashed admiration for her o children has an ingenuousness that is more amusing than offensive.
20) 8) dialog: (feebly) Oh, no, ma'am.
20) 14) dialog: Yes, sir.
20) 16) dialog: (a half whisper) Yes, sir. Daddy pauses, then in a different tone, his hidden gentle and kindness are much more plain; as he talks Rose's eyes begin to well with tears.
20) 18) dialog: Yes, sir.
21) 0) text: VARIOUS SHOTS of Rose doing household chores: sweeping th floor, vacuuming, cooking. She is cheerful in her work, smiling, good-humored and she works hard. It is obvious s is happy. We see the children in most of these shots. It apparent Rose is a very good worker and very happy in her home.
22) 0) text: Rose is washing the dishes while the children finish breakfast. Buddy looks up from this cornflakes with a slightly sly expression.
22) 2) dialog: Nobody.
22) 4) dialog: They were just bad men, that's all.
22) 6) dialog: Bad is bad, Buddy. There ain't no sense to it.
22) 8) dialog: I don't answer talk like that, Buddy. I just don't hear it, I turn my back and look away. Rose turns her back on him.
22) 10) dialog: Your Daddy is a wonderful man, I'll say that. He's the best and most kind-hearted man in the world.
22) 12) dialog: What terrible thing in Cave Springs?
22) 14) dialog: I didn't hear you. I didn't hear that.
22) 16) dialog: I don't hear you. I just turn my back on that kind of talk and look away.
22) 18) dialog: Buddy, you are in one of your evil moods, I don't want to talk to you. I'm going out and sweep the patio. Rose exits and the CAMERA stays on Buddy, Doll and Waski.
23) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Rose on the stone patio of the Hillyer house, an attractive area with outdoor furniture and crabapple tree limbs overhead. Rose is busy sweeping. The CAMERA PANS to follow her and we pick up Mrs. Hillyer, Mother. It is a nice day and she is studying out on the patio, books and notebooks piled around. Rose glances dow curiously at her.
23) 1) dialog: What are you studying now, Mrs. Hillyer?
23) 3) dialog: Are you going to get your degree soon?
23) 5) dialog: (as she busily sweeps) It must be wonderful to be so smart. I don't see how you do it, reading all those books, learning all that stuff.
23) 7) dialog: (smiles, trusts and knows Mother now, not at all afraid of her) You're so sweet. Rose again busily sweeps.
23) 9) dialog: I like to work. I don't mind work. It's the least I can do after all you and Mr. Hillyer have done for me.  (stares worshipfully at Mother) You're so sweet. There never was nobody like you.
23) 11) dialog: Yes, Ma'am. Exit Rose. Mother adjusts her notebook and turns the page a history book as she resumes her studies. We hear the so of an approaching CAR and she glances up.
29) 0) text: CUT TO a POV shot of Rose busy dusting hall furniture, humming as she works. We hear on the track the SOUND of t Model-A starting, and Rose freezes. Then, quickly, Rose hurries down the hall toward the front door. ON Buddy as he watches her through a crack in the door. H has his hands on his hips Daddy-style and his face is expressionless. ANOTHER ANGLE, POV of Buddy but CLOSER on Rose at the end the hall. She is staring soulfully through the glass of t front door as we hear the Model-A go down the driveway. R lifts a hand between her breasts, sighs. A lovesick expression is on her face.
31) 0) text: A shot of the family at dinner in the dining room at nigh Daddy is at the head of the table, Mother is at the other end. Buddy, Doll and Waski are all seated in neat, nice clothe hands washed and hair combed. Rose is serving, but a plac set for her. She wears an attractive little apron and is smiling, blushing, happy as Daddy teases and jokes at her
31) 2) dialog: (blushing, smiling) Oh, I don't know, I... I...
31) 4) dialog: (stares at him, stricken) I... I'll get the grits. The CAMERA FOLLOWS Rose as she exits, and STOPS on Buddy Doll. Buddy slews his eyes toward his sister, who meets h gaze for a moment then looks down at her plate. The CAMER MOVES on to Mother, who is utterly oblivious of anything going on between Rose and Daddy.
32) 0) text: ANOTHER ANGLE, on the family as they eat dinner. Rose is seated at the table now. She is picking lifelessly at her food and glancing from time to time with a lovesick expression at Daddy, who is busy eating and seems wholly unaware of it. Mother also is wholly unaware, but all the children know what is happening. Rose takes a gravy for a biscuit and spills a little, her hand is trembling.
32) 2) dialog: (in a feeble voice) No, ma'am, I'm just fine.
33) 0) text: A shot of Daddy alone in the dining room, reading a newsp and drinking coffee. Rose comes INTO THE PICTURE, gets di as she clears the table. She stares with a lovesick expression at Daddy, who is absorbed in paper.
36) 0) text: CUT TO a POV shot of the dining room, as seen by children Daddy sits absorbed in his paper, oblivious of Rose. She staring down at him with a pale look of love.
38) 0) text: CUT TO a POV shot of Daddy and Rose, as seen by children. table now is cleared and Rose stands half behind Daddy, staring down at him with a stricken expression.
38) 2) dialog: Oh, oh! Oh, Mr. Hillyer, I love you, I love you so much! I've tried, but I can't help it! Please kiss me -- will you kiss me? For a long time Daddy stares groggily at her with a half frown as if he can't believe it. In order to stare at her must tilt his head back and, handsome man though he is, h looks a bit like a startled rooster. Her breasts are pres against him, and her eager -pink lips are waiting for a k
38) 4) dialog: Yes, crazy about you! Kiss me, Mr. Hillyer!
38) 6) dialog: No, no! You don't understand, I love you! It's real love and I can't help it! Please kiss me, Mr. Hillyer, I love you, I love you so much... Rose breaks down and begins crying, her head on his shoul She has her arms wound tight around him and Daddy seems a loss what to do.
38) 8) dialog: (sobbing) Don't make me... me... me... get up!
40) 0) text: CUT TO a POV shot of Daddy and Rose, as he struggles to r from the chair. They are half falling to the floor and no they fall, Rose still on his lap. One of her breasts has out of her dress, which is very loose and low-cut. She ha bra, the breast is bare. Daddy is staring groggily at the breast as if slightly dazed.
42) 0) text: A POV shot of scene as observed by Buddy. He is up too hi the dining table blocks his view. We see the lower half o Rose and Daddy. Rose's skirt is up well above her knees.
44) 0) text: DOWN LOW, we can see under the dining room table now. Dad has his hands on Rose's shoulders and is firmly pushing h away.
44) 2) dialog: Ohh-hhh... ohh...
46) 0) text: CUT TO a POV shot of Rose and Daddy. Rose stands sheepish by the dining room table, half-crying as she adjusts her dress. Daddy sits in his dining room chair. Daddy is glar at her.
46) 2) dialog: (weeping) Oh-h, I'm sorry. I'm sorry, Mr. Hillyer... I just... couldn't help myself. I'm sorry...
48) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Rose and Daddy. Now Rose is sitting peni and crying in one of Daddy's handkerchiefs. Daddy's anger gone, he has gotten control of himself and speaks to her in a different tone. He sits beside her, an arm around her shoulders in a fath way.
48) 2) dialog: (weeping in handkerchief) Oh, I know. She's so sweet, she's been so good to me...
52) 0) text: A shot of Buddy at night in his small bedroom. He wears a rather skimpy old-fashioned nightshirt that co midway between his hips and knees. At the moment he is finishing brushing his teeth at the bureau, using an old fashioned water pitcher and bowl. The CAMERA FOLLOWS as h walks across the room in the light of the lamp by his bed looks around cautiously, then picks up the mattress of hi bed. He pushes it far back and we see springs. He takes o small "book" or pamphlet and stares gravely at it. CLOSE-UP: The front cover of the pamphlet. We see the ove title: LITTLE DIRTY COMIC BOOKS. And beneath it: BLONDIE DAGWOOD. And beneath that, in smaller letters: "Mr. Dithe Comes to Dinner -- and How!" We see Buddy's hands in the shot, and he opens the pamphlet and we catch enough of a glimpse of the thing to know it is pretty awful -- a draw maybe of "Blondie" stark naked with a finger in her mouth going, "Tee-Hee!" ON Buddy, as he stares down with grave intentness at the Little Dirty Comic Book. Slyly now, he retraces his steps the bureau and takes out a flashlight. He goes back to th bed, switches off the lamp, gets in the bed and turns on flashlight and pulls the covers over his head. We hear a faint SOUND on the track and Buddy suddenly yanks back th covers, puts the flashlight on the table by the bed and throws the Little Dirty Comic Book under the bed. He lies pillow and pretends he's asleep, and we hear the door of room OPEN and a CREAKING on the floor. ANOTHER ANGLE, on a weepy Rose in a very thin nightgown. shot is FROM BELOW as Buddy might see her as she stands o his bed. She looks very lonely and unhappy and is half crying.
52) 1) dialog: Buddy... are you asleep? ANOTHER ANGLE, on both of them. Buddy stares at her in surprise. It is dim in the room, but we can see them in t moonlight.
52) 3) dialog: Buddy, I am wandering in a wilderness, lost.  (sits glumly on edge of bed) I just feel awful. Do you mind if I get in bed with you for a little while?
52) 5) dialog: I thought I'd go crazy back there in that room all by myself with nobody to talk to. As a child, I never had no room all to myself, we were awful poor. Buddy... I have got a confession to make.
52) 7) dialog: It's so terrible I can't tell you. Oh, Buddy, you don't know how it hurts to have a broken heart, what a terrible feeling it is, and I've had a broken heart so many times. Men, I don't understand them, I can't figure them out and they break my heart, that's all. I can't find Mr. Right, Buddy, I can't find him no matter how hard I look, all I find is a whole pile of Mr. Wrongs. But this is the worst ever because it wasn't his fault. It was my fault, oh yes, my fault, I was bad -- oh God, I was bad, you wouldn't believe how bad I was.
52) 9) dialog: Buddy, I was horrible. I can't tell you who it was, but do you know what I did? I sat on his lap and got ahold of him and wiggled and wiggled my ass on him and was worse'n you could know, a child like you. Why, I let one of my tits fall out deliberate on purpose and practically smack him in the face with it and I let my dern skirt come up so he could see my drawers...  (pauses, realizes this isn't too dignified) But to get back serious to what I was sayin', it is not only, Buddy, the loss of him but my own bad behavior what bothers me so...
52) 11) dialog: Why, it has just made me ill, Buddy. I'm sick. I don't want to eat nothin', I don't, and me I got a good appetite, that ain't nat'ral for me. I'm ill.
52) 13) dialog: Promise not to tell Doll? -- or nobody? Buddy, it's your Daddy! I'm so much in love with him I am out of my mind!
52) 15) dialog: I fell madly in love with him when he called me Rosebud. You know that first day when I come and he said I looked graceful like a capital letter S and called me Rosebud? I fell madly in love with that man right then. (sighs tragically) But it's a lost love, Buddy. He's a good man and won't have nothin' to do with me. ANOTHER ANGLE, on Rose and Buddy in the bed. Buddy has propped on an elbow and is staring down at her breasts in moonlight -- we see the soft notch between her breasts in open V of her thin nightgown. She is completely unself conscious with him.
52) 18) dialog: (casually, doesn't object) What did you expect?
52) 20) dialog: Ha ha ha, that's some idea, a cantaloupe.
52) 22) dialog: Buddy, quit that, you're just a child, you're not supposed to be interested in such things.
52) 24) dialog: (dreamily, thinking of Daddy as she smokes cigarette and stares up at the ceiling) You know, that Daddy of yours is the funniest man, the things he says, you never know what's going to come out of his mouth next.
52) 26) dialog: No, you can't. And I'll tell you this -- he scares me. As kind as he is, he scares me. You can't fool around with him, not with that man. And, boy, I sure better not try nothin' like that with him again, he'll fire me.
52) 28) dialog: (frowns) Buddy, what's come over you? A child like you, askin' such things.
52) 30) dialog: Buddy, get your hand offa me! Quit it, get you hand away... Takes his wrist.
52) 32) dialog: (gently) Buddy, you don't realize it but what you're doing isn't nice.
52) 34) dialog: You don' t need to know that. It's none of your business.
54) 0) text: CUT BACK to Buddy and Rose in bed. He has evidently sweet talked her into letting him fiddle with her; his hand is- her nightgown. There is no indication of lewd interest on Rose's part, a peeved and exasperated look is on her face Buddy seems quite fascinated, however.
54) 1) dialog: Well, are you satisfied now? Can we just lie and talk, huh?
54) 3) dialog: 'Course it does.
54) 5) dialog: (moistens her lips, swallows; it is affecting her; she frowns) All right, that's enough.  (firmly pushes his hand away) You're just a child and wouldn't understand it, but that type of thing can stir a girl up. Now lie back and we'll talk.
54) 7) dialog: (lighting cigarette) Don't mention it.
54) 9) dialog: Who would want to do such a thing as that?
54) 11) dialog: (stares wonderingly at him) You know, Buddy, sometimes I can't figure you out at all. You can be very nice, but like your mother said there's an evil streak in you.
54) 13) dialog: There ain't none in your Daddy. You know, what happened has just made me love him all the more. I not only love him, I respect him, I admire him.
54) 15) dialog: Most men wouldn't do what he done. If they can get a girl they go right ahead and get her -- I guess to hell they do, just like a dern rabbit. 'Course later they'll tell her she's no good when they done the same thing their selves. They're a bunch of monkeys. I like 'em, but they're a bunch of monkeys.
54) 17) dialog: (her eyes open wide as he whispers) Why, Buddy, shut your mouth! What an awful thing to say, and where did you get any such idea as that, anyhow?
54) 19) dialog: Well, now that is just too bad! Curiosity killed the cat.
54) 21) dialog: No! You ought to be ashamed of yourself astin' such a nasty things a child your age!
54) 23) dialog: Of course you can't! I'm... I'm shocked at you, Buddy, real shocked! Now you be quiet or I'm going back to my own bed!
54) 25) dialog: (softens despite herself) Well, you're sweet, but you don't really love me.
54) 27) dialog: Buddy, you're just a child.
54) 29) dialog: Well, nothin'.
56) 0) text: A shot close on Rose and Buddy in bed. Evidently Rose has weakened and is allowing him to fiddle with her, but we c only surmise this, the shot is on their heads and shoulde and a cloud has crossed the moon, the light is more dim. different look is on her face, a solemn expression as if is listening to some far away sound that she finds strang haunting. She moistens her lips, speaks in a slightly fee voice.
56) 1) dialog: You better quit that.
56) 3) dialog: I must be outta my mind. Buddy, quit it.
56) 5) dialog: (pauses, stares off as if listening, then in an even feebler tone, a half whisper) No. No, you're not hurting me.  (moistens her lips, swallows) But I think you better quit it.
56) 7) dialog: You wouldn't understand. (puts a hand on his shoulder as if to push him away, but can't; puts her other hand over her eyes) Oh, God, I must be outta my mind. What would your Momma think? The hand falls limply from Rose's eyes and she turns her to the side and closes her eyes. Helplessly, she lies the as the boy fiddles with her.
59) 0) text: CUT TO a very CLOSE SHOT on Rose's face. The light is dim we see perspiration on her forehead. Her breathing is not normal. Her eyes are shut tight, her teeth are clenched. CUT TO a shot CLOSE on Buddy. We do not see what he is do but evidently he is fiddling with her. He seems quite interested in the proceedings.
61) 0) text: CUT TO a shot close on Rose ai Buddy in the bed. The shot of their heads and shoulders. She has an arm very tight around his shoulders and her ey are shut tight. The moment of truth is at hand.
61) 1) dialog: Ohh-hh! Ohhh-hh!  (it's all over; she twists sideways, puts both arms around him) Oh, Buddy, you're so sweet. I love you a lot.
63) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Rose and Buddy in the bed. The extremity her crime has dawned on Rose and she is sitting up in the with a look of horror on her face. Buddy is staring worri at her.
63) 2) dialog: (staring off in space, lost in horror) No. No, I'm all right.  (turns, stares at him, puts a hand in woe on her forehead) Oh, God, what have I done? I have robbed a cradle and fallen into hell! (fumbles desperately on bed for cigarettes) I must be crazy, a child like you. Oh, God, oh, Lord. This is awful, this is terrible, I gotta get outta here! ANOTHER ANGLE, on Rose and Buddy as Rose in a panic gets of the bed, pulls down her thin nightgown and tiptoes tow the door. She stops and looks back as a chilling thought occurs to her.
63) 3) dialog: Buddy, you wouldn't tell nobody, would you?
63) 5) dialog: I sure hope you don't. (still in a panic) I gotta get outta here, good night.
64) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy walking down the downstairs hall i his bathrobe. The shot is down the staircase and Rose in upstairs hall tiptoes into the picture. A floorboard crea and he looks up and sees her.
64) 2) dialog: Nothin', just goin' to the bathroom.
64) 4) dialog: No, sir.
64) 6) dialog: Good night. The CAMERA FOLLOWS her as she goes on shaky legs down the hall.
65) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Rose as she enters her small bedroom. Feebly, as if totally exhausted, she shuts the door behin her then leans against a bureau and states into its mirro The horror of her own criminality has overwhelmed her. Wi trembling hands, she takes a cigarette from her half empt pack and finds a wooden kitchen match on the bureau. Her hands tremble visibly as she strikes the match. She h not turned on the light in her room and her considerable charms are very apparent in the orange glow of the match. Burning match in her fingers, she stares at her own reflection in the bureau mirror, transfixed by a horrible realization.
67) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Rose standing horrified before the mirro The match is still burning in her fingers.
69) 0) text: A shot of Daddy and Rose on the front porch of the house. scene is murky, dark, gloomy night and the weather is bad Daddy has his arm rigidly thrust outward as he points dow the driveway. A weeping, slumped Rose sadly walks down th steps carrying her cardboard suitcase. Fantasy.
70) 0) text: CUT BACK to Rose standing before the mirror, sick with horror. A feeble whimper-like groan comes from her.
70) 1) dialog: Ohh-hh, ohhh-hh...  (match burns her fingers, she shakes it out) Ouch! Oh-hh... ohh... ANOTHER ANGLE on Rose as she turns from the bureau and st off into space, a very badly frightened girl. Half-crying she speaks to herself.
70) 2) dialog: He'll tell 'em for sure, he will. Oh, Lord, what can I do?
71) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy half asleep in bed. The light of t lamp by his bed goes on and he sleepily opens his eyes. T CAMERA COMES BACK and we see Rose in her nightgown standi by his bedside. She is very pale and tears are on her che
71) 1) dialog: I hate to turn on this light, you Daddy's awake downstairs, but I have to take the chance. (sits by him on bed) Buddy, please don't tell on me.
71) 3) dialog: (her lip trembles) Buddy, I have to ask you, as bad as I've been please have pity on me and don't ruin me by telling them what I did. I know it was bad, it was bad and dumb. But mostly it was dumb, I didn't mean you no harm, I'd never want to hurt a hair on your head and that's the truth. I love you. But they'd think I did, they'd think I was awful, they'd despise me and hate me... Rose bows her head and begins crying into her hands. CUT TO a CLOSE SHOT of Buddy. We hear the soft sound of R weeping over the shot. Buddy is affected, his flinty chil heart has been touched, but he is not quite ready to admi yet. He is struggling with himself, trying to remain "coo and not show his emotion. He frowns, moistens his lips, swallows. With seeming coolness, very much as in the scen with Doll in which he deprecated Daddy's stand at Thermopylae, he shrugs.
71) 5) dialog: You don't understand. They'd blame me, not you. And they'd think I was awful, a disgustin' girl, which I am, but Buddy, please don't tell them. Please don't. Ill have to go and I love it here, I love your whole fam'ly, your Daddy, your Mother...  (pauses, then makes her final and ultimate plea in a shaking voice as tears run down) Buddy, I know I'm no good, I'm a bad girl but I can't help it, please have pity on me and don't tell! Please don't, please... Too much for Buddy, he loses his "cool." He swallows and blinks as if he might cry, then sits erect in the bed and squares his shoulders and assumes a stern expression Dadd style.
71) 7) dialog: (sees that he means it, smiles in relief and throws her arms around him) Oh, Buddy, you do love me! I knew you did, knew it all the time...
73) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Rose and Buddy. Rose is sitting on the b beside him and she has dried her tears and got herself in hand.
73) 1) dialog: Well, Ill tell you this. I have learned a lesson tonight. I wasn't gonna run around, but when I start botherin' your Daddy and worse robbin' a cradle, I gotta face the facts of life.  (pauses, then with firm resolution) Tomorrow mornin', I'm gonna get myself up and go out.
73) 3) dialog: Buddy, Mr. Right is out there somewhere and I'm gonna find him!
74) 30) dialog: How do you like my outfit? I made most of it myself. Rose walks in, "modeling" the outfit and the CAMERA PICKS Mother.
74) 33) dialog: (staring down admiringly at the outfit) I have a knack for designing clothes. But I had to buy the shoes and the pocketbook.
74) 35) dialog: Oh, no, that's the style. It's meant to be clinging. We hear the PORCH DOOR SLAM. Smiling, happy, Rose glances around. We hear the SOUND of the kitchen door opening. CUT TO a POV SHOT of Daddy in the kitchen doorway. As usu he has a rolled-up Glenville Tribune in his hand and a St hat on the back of his head.His hands are on his hips and is hunched forward as if he cannot believe what he sees.
74) 37) dialog: Nothin'. I got myself up, that's all.
74) 39) dialog: Yeah. I'm goin' out. Daddy walks slowly into the kitchen shaking his head. Sit table.
74) 42) dialog: (smiles affectionately at Mother) You're so sweet.
74) 44) dialog: Why, sure, always got time to get you a half-a-cup, and one of these days I'm gonna get you a whole cup and see what happens.
74) 54) dialog: Sure, love one. Here's your half-a cup of coffee. Daddy is staring with a very dubious frown at Rose's skir He slowly shakes his head.
74) 56) dialog: (happy, pleased by his interest) Well, it has buttons. Points to little buttons on right side of the skirt.
74) 58) dialog: There are more on the other side. Points to buttons on left side.
74) 66) dialog: Yes, Ma'am.
75) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Rose and Buddy as they walk out onto the patio of the house. Rose walks down the steps to the flow garden and Buddy follows. ANOTHER ANGLE on Rose and Buddy as Rose picks a red rose puts it in her hair.'
75) 1) dialog: Did your Momma really give you castor oil?
75) 3) dialog: (puts an arm around his shoulders) You're my sweetheart.
77) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Rose and Buddy waiting in a Model A. Ros smiling, happy to be going out. The red rose is prominent her hair, Daddy walks INTO THE SHOT, gets into the driver seat of the car, He glances in a wry manner at the flower her hair.
77) 2) dialog: My rose. It's kind of like a motto. People will say, there comes Rose with her rose. Daddy gives her another wry stare and starts the Model A. CUT TO a shot of the Model A going down the driveway.
79) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy, Rose and Buddy in the car. Buddy in the middle. Daddy is staring expressionlessly straight ahead. His tone is sternly neutral as he speaks.
79) 6) dialog: (meekly) Yes, sir. I had to go to the bathroom. A long pause, as Daddy stares ahead. His expression is inscrutable.
81) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy, Rose and Buddy in the car. Daddy turns and stares sternly at Buddy.
81) 5) dialog: Oh, anywhere downtown.
81) 7) dialog: Oh, I'll just mosey around here and there.
83) 0) text: CUT TO a shot through the side window on Rose, Buddy and Daddy.
83) 2) dialog: It'll do just fine. (gets out of car) Bye-bye, see you later. Rose waves goodbye and walks off down the sidewalk, swing her hips and her pocketbook,
84) 0) text: CUT TO a front shot of Daddy and Buddy in the car as they stare after Rose.
85) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of POV Daddy and Buddy of Rose walking alon MUSIC.
90) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Rose as she walks along, swinging her hi and her pocketbook and smiling at whoever she sees. She passes a few people and she smiles cheerfully at them -- men stare with a flat interest at her and the women frown but she smiles at one and all.
93) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Rose as she walks up to a bus stop. A fa WELL-DRESSED MAN with a door-to-door salesman kit is stan there. Rose glances at him then sidles up alongside him a she's waiting for a bus. He glances at her for a moment w interest, but doesn't want to stare, looks away. We see t Model A stop in the background of the SHOT.
95) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Rose and the Young Salesman. Rose glance the man, glances at him again, then sighs and speaks.
95) 1) dialog: My feet sure do hurt.
97) 0) text: CUT TO a LONG POV SHOT of Rose and the Young Salesman. Th are talking amiably. Both are smiling.
99) 0) text: CUT TO ANOTHER POV SHOT of Rose and the Young Salesman. I another LONG SHOT. MUSIC ON TRACK. They are smiling, talk The Young Salesman seems to ask Rose a question. She nods takes his arm and they walk off.
101) 0) text: A shot of Rose and the Young Salesman as they walk along. is holding his arm and they are smiling and talking as if best of friends. We hear MUSIC ON THE TRACK. The MUSIC continues over the following MONTAGE OF SHOTS.
102) 0) text: ON Rose in a beer "honky tonk" with the Young Salesman in booth. He is drinking beer, she is drinking Coca Cola fro bottle. ON Rose in the booth, ANOTHER ANGLE. A second man has joi them, a big beefy man -- he is BUSTER.
103) 0) text: ON Rose as she walks down a sidewalk in late afternoon wi Buster and still another man, a tall fellow in a Coca-Col Delivery Man's uniform or shirt. Rose seems to be innocen happy, but the men appear to be having a mild dispute. ON Rose getting into Busters car as Buster holds the door her, smiling. The COCA-COLA DELIVERY MAN is left on the sidewalk, disappointed.
104) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Rose in the car eating barbecue with Bus She is talking animatedly and he seems enchanted with her is dusk.
105) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of a car pulling up in the driveway of the Hillyer house. Rose gets out, waves goodbye to Buster. It night. End MUSIC.
108) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Rose washing dishes in the kitchen. As usual, she is in a cheerful good humor. We see Buddy at t kitchen table building a model airplane. Mother comes INT THE SHOT, worried, frowning.
108) 2) dialog: (her smile fades) Mrs. Hillyer, I don't know who he is, I really don't.
112) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy and Rose in the kitchen.
112) 2) dialog: (innocently) Well, he might be that man who followed me home from the store the other day. But I don't know who he is, Buddy, I really don't.
114) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of a worried-looking Mother on the front po of the house. Buddy and a meek-looking Rose are in the background in the doorway. A weary, out-of-breath Daddy c INTO THE SHOT and walks up the steps, straw hat in hand.
114) 2) dialog: I don't know him.
120) 3) dialog: I swear to God I don't know who in the world he is. Really, I don't, I don't know no boy like that, I don't. Slowly, his face grim, Daddy returns his napkin to his la and resumes eating. The children are very silent and look trifle scared.
126) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy and Doll in the upstairs hall. Dol meekly goes to her room. Buddy hesitates, looks at Rose's door, glances nervously at the stairs, then goes to Rose's door, knocks softly, o it.
127) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy and Rose as he stands in the doorw of her room. Rose is sitting on the edge of her bed in he nightgown, a damp cloth held against her jaw which seems little swollen. A look of fear and guilt is on her face.
127) 1) dialog: (rather feebly, as if it explains something) I got an awful toothache.
127) 3) dialog: (innocently) But I don't know who they are. Buddy makes an exasperated grimace and exits, shutting do The CAMERA REMAINS on Rose as she rolls her eyes upward i dismay.
128) 0) text: A shot of the family at breakfast in the dining room. The silence is deafening. Everyone looks depressed except Dad who is aloofly calm. Rose's head is bowed meekly over her plate as we hear the CLATTER of silverware. Finally, Dadd speaks in an almost pleasant tone.
128) 2) dialog: (solemnly) Yes, Mr. Hillyer, it was. I... I heard strange voices in the night.
128) 4) dialog: (innocent as an angel) Yes, sir.
128) 7) dialog: (weeping, a hand over her eyes) Oh... oh... oh! I think... maybe... one of 'em... was Foster... but I don't hardly know him!
128) 20) dialog: (head bowed, weeping in a little handkerchief) Ohhh-hh, ohhh...
128) 22) dialog: (piteously) I'm not hungry. The word is hongry, not hungry.
128) 29) dialog: I don't want to go to the dentist.
128) 32) dialog: (meekly) Yes, sir.
128) 34) dialog: Yes, sir.
129) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Mother, Rose and Buddy in a dentist's waiting room. Rose is holding a rubber ice bag to her jaw which is quite swollen. She is groaning and half weeping pain.
129) 2) dialog: Ohh-hh, a little. Oh-h, I ain't never been to no dentist before. He's gonna kill me, I just know it.
129) 5) dialog: Yes, you are.
129) 7) dialog: Look, you can't kid me.
130) 0) text: ANOTHER ANGLE, on Rose and Mother and Dr. Winton, as they guide and lead Rose into the dentist's operating room.- S plants her feet and her eyes open wide with horror as she sees the chair and other equipment.
130) 1) dialog: I'm not goin' in there, I don't like the looks of it!
130) 3) dialog: (very reluctantly sits in chair) Oh-hh, ohh-hh, Lord, he's gonna kill me.
132) 0) text: A shot of Daddy behind the wheel of the model-A. Rose lie pale and exhausted on Mother's shoulder on the front seat trace of bloody gauze can be seen in her mouth and her ey are closed. Buddy is on the back seat.
132) 1) dialog: (a whisper, muffled by the bloody gauze) Never again, never again...
132) 3) dialog: No more dentists, no more dentists...
133) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of the Model-A in the driveway of the Hilly home. Mother helps Rose out of the car, but Rose can't st on her feet. Daddy has to catch her from falling. Daddy p her up in his arms and carries her up the steps as Buddy ahead to open the front door.
134) 0) text: A shot of Mother and Daddy and Buddy on the patio. It is beautiful sunny morning. Mother and Daddy are seated at a outdoor table about to have coffee. Daddy is opening mail Buddy, in the b.g., is gluing up a kite. Enter a smiling healthy Rose with orange juice, toast, cups and coffee on tray.
134) 2) dialog: Wonderful. Except I can touch the place back there with my tongue, I wouldn't even know I had that tooth pulled.
134) 4) dialog: Boy, for four or five days there I didn't think I'd live. But I'm my old self again!
134) 6) dialog: Oh, no, sir.
134) 8) dialog: Yes, ma'am.
138) 0) text: CUT TO a shot in the local jail. The shot is on Daddy as stands before jail bars staring sternly into a cell. His hands are on his hips, his straw hat is on the back of hi head and a bit to one side. Buddy stands beside him, a li bit behind, a worried look on his face. The CHIEF OF POLI a fat man, is on the other side of Daddy. CUT TO a POV shot of Rose in the cell. Her hair is mussed her dress is torn. A little innocent, frightened smile is her face. The CAMERA PANS to include Daddy and the Chief Police.
138) 5) dialog: (coughs, then feebly) I got an awful bad cold.
138) 7) dialog: (coughs again) Well, I don't know what happened. They were arguin' about baseball, then all of 'em started fightin'. As for that policeman, I didn't bite him, I don't think I bit him. In dour silence, Daddy and the Chief of Police stare at R She gives them a little smile, as if to say, "See how innocent I am?" The Chief turns to Daddy and asks with dr irony:
139) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy, Rose and Buddy in the Model A. Da stares grimly ahead, silent. Buddy looks solemn. Rose is badly frightened and still coughing. Finally she ventures little smile and speaks to Daddy.
139) 1) dialog: I got an awful cold, I think I'm sick. Daddy is silent, his eyes fixed ahead.
141) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy, Rose and Buddy in the car. She tr again.
141) 1) dialog: I didn't mean to bite him. He was hitting Horton with a blackjack in the meanest way and... and I bit him accidental.
141) 3) dialog: (a feeble smile) I didn't mean to bite him, I really didn't.
141) 5) dialog: (feebly) Yes, air.
142) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of a shaky, slumped Rose going up the steps with Buddy as the Model A drives away. Rose is coughing, looks miserable.
150) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Mother going down the upstairs hall. She knocks on Roses door and enters.
151) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Mother as she walks over and stares down shock at Rose on the bad. Rose is lying back on a pillow staring groggily at her, obviously not quite all there. Frowning with worry, Mother sits beside her and puts a ha on her forehead.
151) 2) dialog: (semi-delirious) What? Wha-at? Mrs. Hillyer?
153) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy, Doll and Waski in the front hall. They are badly frightened, even terrified. The CAMERA PANS to show the ambulance attendants carrying Rose strapped in a stretcher down the stairs, as Mother h and Daddy follows, both of them very worried. Rose is conscious now and her eyes roll with terror toward the children.
153) 1) dialog: Buddy! Dolly! They're takin' me to the hospital! Don't let 'em, don't let 'em! The CAMERA STAYS on the frightened silent children as the stare after Rose on the stretcher.
155) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of a hospital room. A very pale, sick-looki Rose lies in a hospital bed. The nurse, mother, Daddy, Bu Doll and Waski enter, all of them looking very grave. ANOTHER ANGLE, CLOSE ON Rose as she weakly turns her head the pillow. Her eyes well with tears as she recognizes th children.
155) 1) dialog: (a feeble whisper) Pray for me... ANOTHER ANGLE, on the nurse as she speaks in a whisper we don't hear to Mother and Daddy, obviously telling them th better go. Daddy beckons to the children and they start t leave, all looking depressed.
159) 0) text: A SHOT of Rose in bed in her own bedroom. She is propped on pillows and wearing a rather attractive pink silk housecoat of Mother's. A tray is on her lap and she is eating her supper as Budd sits on the edge of the bed talking with her, or rather listening to her. It is obvious she is well on the road b to health.
159) 1) dialog: Oh, he's so kind, so gentle inside, and so unhappy with that rich wife who doesn't understand him, her being a Southerner and everything, and what a bedside manner he has got -- so gentle and kind beneath the professor way he acts!
159) 3) dialog: You don't know the bedside manner that man has got. Why, it does me good just to see him sit there all solemn and go pokin' in his bag like he's gonna cure me, which he did of course. And even more important he loves me, like a patient I mean, the other day he got tears in his eyes just listenin' to my heart beat.
159) 5) dialog: Yeah, he tried to hide it but I saw 'em, and a little bit he says to me, "You know, you are beautiful." Now wasn't that a nice thing for a doctor to say to a patient, wasn't it? What could cheer a girl up more?
159) 7) dialog: He's got doubts about hisself and that's the saddest thing of all. Would you believe that poor man thinks nobody likes him?
159) 9) dialog: Well, I like him. I used to be afraid of doctors but not any more. Why, he could operate on me any old time and I wouldn't even be scared.
159) 11) dialog: I ain't neither. Listen here, Buddy, besides all his vast medical knowledge, he has the most kindest heart beneath the professor way he acts -- he wants justice in the world and he's got some real interestin' ideas.
161) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy and Rose in Rose's bedroom.
161) 1) dialog: Justice, that's what he wants, justice for everybody and especially for niggers. And I think that's real nice of him because black people don't have a very good life, you got to admit that, to be a nigger is sometimes practic'ly fatal, but the wife don't understand all of that, she thinks niggers are just so much dirt, which anybody ought to know better if they been on their ass their ownselves -- and that is the cause of his profound unhappiness, Buddy, that no-good-mean wife with all her Southern prejudice against niggers and everything! It is a very long speech and delivered with a non-stop vitality that leaves Buddy a trifle groggy. Slowly, he sh his head, as enter Mother.
162) 0) text: A SHOT of the Hillyer family minus Rose eating dinner in dining room. The meal is almost finished, Daddy cutting a pie.
164) 0) text: A SHOT of Mother and Rose and the children in the kitchen see a sewing machine and evidences of dressmaking. Rose h on a new and modest little dress that Mother evidently ha made for her.
164) 2) dialog: (less than enthusiastic) Yeah, it's kinda nice.
164) 4) dialog: (smiles at Mother) Well, you're real sweet to make it for me. (puts an arm around Mother's shoulder) There never was nobody like you. And you don't need to worry, I ain't goin' out no more.
164) 6) dialog: (a little shrug) I don't want to. When I was lyin' there in that hospital bed at death's door I says to myself, I ain't goin' out no more. If I ever get outta this, I'll just stay home. Rose casually pulls the dress over her head and stands th in panties and bra, oblivious of Buddy and the children. has about as much modesty as a small child herself.
164) 7) dialog: (rather sadly) Besides, there ain't no Mr. Right out there. Or if there is I can't find him, all I find is a pile of Mr. Wrongs. I ain't goin' out no more.
165) 0) text: A SHOT of Daddy, Mother, Rose, and the children all in th Sunday best going up the steps of a church. Rose looks virginal in the modest dress Mother made for her.
166) 0) text: A SHOT of Rose, Mother, Daddy and the children on a bench church. We hear singing. Rose looks innocent, virginal as sings. Mother gives her an approving look, exchanges glan with Daddy.
167) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of the Hillyer family coming out of church. see them shaking hands with the Minister. Rose smiles sweetly, modestly.
168) 1) dialog: All right, we'll play monopoly then. Mother, Daddy and Buddy watch Rose go up the steps with D and Waski.
169) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy and Buddy in a rose garden below t windows of the house. It is Hawkshaw the Detective and his Unwilling Assistant. Daddy solemnly points to dim marks in the flower bed.
171) 0) text: A shot of the whole family at dinner including Rose. Dadd puts down his napkin.
176) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy, Mother and Rose in Mother's bedro study. We see the grillwork of the heat ventillator in th floor. Daddy is at the climax of his speech.
178) 0) text: CUT BACK TO Daddy, Mother and Rose in the bedroom-study.
178) 2) dialog: (meekly) Yes, sir.
178) 5) dialog: (very meekly) Yes, sir.
181) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy in the upstairs hall. He is fully dressed and is banging angrily on Rose's door.
182) 2) dialog: (feebly, she is terrified) There ain't nobody here, Mr. Hillyer! Honest, there ain't!
184) 0) text: On Daddy, as he turns from the window to Rose.
184) 2) dialog: Well, it's Billy.
184) 4) dialog: (a straight answer) Well, Mr. Hillyer, Billy's very poor, he don't have no money and there wasn't no place else to go.
184) 6) dialog: He's a nice boy, you'd like him. He wants to be a fireman.
184) 8) dialog: (begins weeping, both breasts now are exposed) Under the mattress. I hid 'em so you wouldn't be mad. He wants to marry me, he loves me. I can't marry him, he's too young and hasn't got no job, but he loves me... now you wouldn't hurt him, would you? Daddy gently pulls the sheet around her to cover her brea
185) 0) text: A shot of Daddy, Mother and Rose at the kitchen table drinking coffee in the early morning. Daddy looks grave, Mother looks sad, and Rose is crying into a handkerchief.
185) 1) dialog: Mr. Hillyer, I know it was bad and I hadn't ought to of done it. But I'm only a human girl and I... I ain't always perfect. I promise I won't let him in the house no more, I promise. Won't you and Mrs. Hillyer forgive me?
186) 0) text: A shot of the family at breakfast in the dining room. The dissolve suggests that some time has gone by. Daddy looks bit grim, Rose has a wan and depressed expression. Mother looks worried.
186) 2) dialog: (eyes down) What's the use, there ain't none.
186) 8) dialog: I'm not hungry. I can't eat nothin', I haven't been able to eat since I got fired. I think maybe I'm sick.
186) 10) dialog: Yes, sir.
186) 13) dialog: Well, I'll do the dishes, then I'm goin' to lie down a minute and rest. My stomach hurts. Daddy watches Rose exit to the kitchen, then leans forwar and speaks to Mother, his expression a bit sly.
188) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of the kitchen on Mother and Rose. Mother i helping a rather wan Rose prepare dinner. Enter Daddy.
188) 2) dialog: Tennessee?
188) 4) dialog: Well. What kinda job is it?
188) 6) dialog: You mean a farm?
188) 14) dialog: I'm not cryin' because of me, I'm cryin' because of somebody else.
190) 2) dialog: Well, I was born on a farm myself... and I hate to think of the baby being born on one. On them all. Daddy and Mother stare in shock at Rose.
190) 4) dialog: Mine.
190) 6) dialog: Yes, mine. I'm going to have one.
190) 11) dialog: Well, I... I... I don't know... maybe it was... but no, you can't be sure about a thing like that. It wasn't Billy, I didn't know him.
190) 13) dialog: Well, now, Mrs. Hillyer, I... ah-h, that's kinda hard to say.
190) 18) dialog: (weeping in handkerchief) Oh-h, Mrs. Hillyer, I... I can't think. I... I'm not really sure.
190) 20) dialog: (weeping) Oh, I know. But I didn't, really. Honestly, I didn't. There was only one, but he's out of town and leave no forwardin' address.
190) 24) dialog: Yes, I am.
190) 26) dialog: Yes, Mr. Hillyer, I am.
190) 28) dialog: (simply) I haven't had my period for three months and my stomach is getting big.
190) 30) dialog: It's so, Mr. Hillyer.
190) 34) dialog: Well, all right, if you just won't believe me. Rose stands up.
190) 36) dialog: I don't mind.
192) 0) text: A shot of Buddy and Rose in a rather elegant Doctor's wai room. It is night and they are alone on a small sofa. Bud has a very solemn and worried look. Rose lies weeping in terror on his shoulder.
192) 1) dialog: Oh, Buddy, they're gonna cut me all up! They're gonna cut my stummick all open, I'll die!
192) 3) dialog: Buddy, I'm scared, I'm scared!
194) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy and Rose in the waiting room. He i helping her lie on the couch on pillows as she weeps, a h over her face.
194) 2) dialog: I don't want to know...
197) 0) text: A shot of Daddy sitting with mother at the kitchen table. Bright cheerful sunshine comes in the window that opens o the patio. Rose comes into the SHOT carrying a coffee pot sunny smile on her face.
197) 2) dialog: Perfect, wonderful, good as I ever felt! Except for a big old scar on my stummick, I wouldn't even know I been in the hospital.
197) 4) dialog: (her smile fades a trifle) Well, I'll pay you that back sometime, Mr. Hillyer.
197) 7) dialog: (in a little sad voice) What was it, Mr. Hillyer?
197) 11) dialog: I was offered that job as a waitress.
198) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy on the patio. He has eight or nine gourds on an outdoor table and is cutting round holes in and emptying out the seed. He glances up as Rose walks up him, pocketbook in hand. She seems a little sad. But she smiles at him.
198) 1) dialog: Hi, Buddy.  (puts an arm around his shoulders) How's my sweetheart who never told on me when I was bad?
198) 3) dialog: (picks up a hollowed out gourd) Makin' homes for purple martins, huh? We had 'em on the farm. They're the prettiest things. That's what I wish I was, a bird. Just fly around catch bugs and have a lot of fun.
198) 5) dialog: Take a little walk with me, huh?
199) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Rose and Buddy on a beautiful summer day walking in the garden behind the Hillyer house. They walk to an empty rabbit hutch. The hutch is made of rough lumb and chicken wire and has cubicles for about a dozen rabbi
199) 1) dialog: (as she stares at the empty hutch) I guess I'll work as a waitress, Buddy. I done that before and it got me in worse trouble than you could know, but I can't stay here no more. Why did you get rid of your rabbits, Buddy?
199) 3) dialog: (smiles, touches chicken wire) Did you know when I was a child we had pretty near five hundred rabbits?
199) 5) dialog: Yep, we had 'em in orange crates all over. It was Daddy's dream. He was goin' to get rich raisin' rabbits. It was what killed Daddy. He didn't drown hisself till a long time later after Momma and Lunette died of typhoid, but it was them rabbits what killed him.
199) 7) dialog: He thought he could sell 'em, but nobody but country folks eat rabbits, Buddy, and they ain't got no money. We had to eat them dern rabbits our own selves. Every dern one, and it took about four years to eat 'em all up.
199) 9) dialog: Boy did I get sick of rabbit. But later on after Momma died and Daddy wasn't doin' nothin' but drinkin', I sure would of been glad for a little rabbit stew. You know, I oughtn't to of told you about what Daddy done when I was a child. Until them rabbits ruined him, he was a real good man, Buddy.
199) 11) dialog: A saint just like your own mother. She's up in heaven right now, her and Lunette, there ain't no doubt about it. ANOTHER ANGLE as Buddy and Rose walk away hand in hand aw from the rabbit hutch.
199) 13) dialog: Buddy, sex don't mean a thing to me. It ain't nothin' but a mosquito bite.  (stops, smiles, puts an arm around his shoulders) I'll tell you a secret. Girls don't want sex, Buddy, girls want love.
200) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of a 1930's automobile in the Hillyer drive at night as it drives up and stops before the front steps ANOTHER ANGLE, CLOSE on Rose and Dave Wilkie in the car. DAVE is much YOUNGER, of course, and a rather handsome ma a stolid way. Even though he is younger than when we saw on the plane, he is quite a bit older than Rose. Rose's e are opened wide, she is a bit breathless, obviously somet important has happened. Dave stares at her as if fascinat almost as if awed.
200) 2) dialog: (a bit breathless) Yes. Year you can, you sure can.
202) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Rose on the steps. Happy as a clam, she turns and waves at Dave in the car, then goes on up the steps.
203) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of the front hall as Rose comes through the front door. She is very excited, happy.
204) 1) dialog: You'll never guess what happened!  (pauses, then dramatically) I have met Mr. Right! I been with him all day and he loves me, I know he does, he loves me and he's going to marry met Be's practi'cly ast me already!
204) 3) dialog: And who do you suppose he is? That policeman who arrested me, the one I bit! He is Mr. Right!
205) 0) text: VARIOUS SHOTS of a wedding in a tiny country church. We s shots of Rose in a white wedding dress, smiling, happy. D is stiff and solemn in his best suit. Daddy gravely gives Rose away. We hear no dialogue here, MUSIC on track. We s Mother, Buddy, Doll and Waski in the front row, all in Su best and very solemn. We see a CLOSE SHOT of Rose's knees trembling beneath her white wedding dress as a country minister marries them. VARIOUS SHOTS of a rather idyllic country wedding in a very plain, unpretentious country church, and...
206) 0) text: A shot of Rose, Dave, Buddy, Doll and Waski at a picnic celebration outside the church by a running brook. The scene should be beautiful in summertime. We see a barbecue pit, homemade ice cream in the metal can, other picnic things. A happy Rose is kissing first Buddy, then Doll, then Waski. Dave smiles fondly, but rather stiffly her.
206) 1) dialog: And now Waski, are you and Buddy and Dolly ready for some ice cream, huh? Do you like picnics or don't you?
206) 4) dialog: (a little smile) Okay.
206) 6) dialog: Well, all I know is there's ice cream. And I'm gonna have me a plate right now!
207) 0) text: A shot of Rose and Dave bidding goodbye to the Hillyers. Daddy, Mother, Buddy, Doll and Waski are in the model A. is obviously on the verge of tears as Dave speaks solemnl Daddy.
207) 3) dialog: (begins crying) Oh, Mr. Hillyer! I just can't stand to say goodbye! Daddy starts the Model A.
207) 4) dialog: I love you all! Goodbye, Buddy! Goodbye, Dolly! Goodbye, Waski! ANOTHER ANGLE on Rose as she weeps and waves the handkerchief.
207) 5) dialog: Goodbye! Goodbye!
220) 2) dialog: in the kitchen, a sunny smile on her face as she pours co for Daddy. A very quick moment, only a few seconds.