20) 0) text: A shot of Mother, Rose, Buddy, Doll and Waski in the livi room of the Hillyer household. DOLL is a pretty little gi of about 11, WASKI a boy of 5. Mother's tone is very gent very sweet, very kind. Her unabashed admiration for her o children has an ingenuousness that is more amusing than offensive.
20) 2) dialog: You can stop it right now.
20) 4) dialog: Oh, Mother, cut it out.
22) 21) dialog: Yeah, shut up.
26) 5) dialog: Neither do I.
26) 7) dialog: I do, too. Buddy turns, looks back out the window.
28) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy and Doll and Waski in the kitchen. Doll and Waski are playing parchesi on the kitchen table. Buddy turns from eavesdropping at the window and strolls across the kitchen, hands in his khaki pants.
30) 5) dialog: Yeah, I know.
30) 7) dialog: I do, too!
30) 9) dialog: Rose is madly in love with Daddy...
30) 11) dialog: Do you think I'm crazy?
31) 0) text: A shot of the family at dinner in the dining room at nigh Daddy is at the head of the table, Mother is at the other end. Buddy, Doll and Waski are all seated in neat, nice clothe hands washed and hair combed. Rose is serving, but a plac set for her. She wears an attractive little apron and is smiling, blushing, happy as Daddy teases and jokes at her
74) 0) text: A shot of a coolly angry Mother in the kitchen. It is lat morning. As she talks the CAMERA PULLS BACK to show a sheepish Buddy standing "on the carpet before her. The ot children, Doll and Waski, are seated at the kitchen table having hamburgers for lunch. They are happily smiling wit schadenfreude amusement at their brother's discomfiture.
74) 23) dialog: (happily excited, stammering) He did lie, and... and... and Mother, yesterday he stole money out of your pocketbook!
120) 0) text: A SHOT of the family at dinner at night. Daddy, Mother, R Buddy, Doll and Waski. The SHOT FAVORS Mother.
143) 0) text: A SHOT of Buddy and Doll in the living room of the Hillye home at night. Doll is half-heartedly practicing scales o the piano and Buddy is pacing the floor, hands clasped be him in something like the style of his father. As the CAM FOLLOWS Buddy in his pacing we see Waski playing with mar on the floor.
149) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy and Doll and Waski in the living r
149) 5) dialog: (indignantly, to Doll) Of course not!
153) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy, Doll and Waski in the front hall. They are badly frightened, even terrified. The CAMERA PANS to show the ambulance attendants carrying Rose strapped in a stretcher down the stairs, as Mother h and Daddy follows, both of them very worried. Rose is conscious now and her eyes roll with terror toward the children.
154) 0) text: A shot of Mother, Daddy, Buddy, Doll and Waski in the corridor of a hospital. All look very solemn. A nurse lea them to a door and opens it.
155) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of a hospital room. A very pale, sick-looki Rose lies in a hospital bed. The nurse, mother, Daddy, Bu Doll and Waski enter, all of them looking very grave. ANOTHER ANGLE, CLOSE ON Rose as she weakly turns her head the pillow. Her eyes well with tears as she recognizes th children.
157) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Mother, Daddy, Buddy, Doll and Waski as Daddy comes out of the Doctor's office and shuts the door
168) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of the Model A driving up in the driveway o the Hillyer house. ANOTHER ANGLE on them all as they get out of the car. Ros takes Doll's hand with one hand and Waski's hand with the other.
172) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy, Doll and Waski in the upstairs. T tiptoe along furtively.
174) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy leading Doll and Waski down the st of the cellar. The CAMERA follows as they walk past an ancient coal-burning furnace and...
175) 0) text: climb up into 'a crawl space beneath the front of the hou A shot of Buddy, Doll and Waski crawling along on dirt in crawl space under the house. They come to a floor heat ventillator grill and stop. Buddy holds his fingers to hi lips and listens intently.
177) 0) text: CUT TO a shot CLOSE on Buddy, Doll and Waski in the crawl space. Buddy is smiling in relief. He whispers to Doll an Waski.
179) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Buddy, Doll and Waski as they climb from crawl space down into the cellar by the furnace.
196) 0) text: A shot of the Model A parked on the street outside a hosp in a small Southern town. We see Daddy slowly pacing back forth in front of the hospital entrance, his head bowed a his hands clasped behind him. ANOTHER ANGLE, CLOSER on the Model A. Buddy sits in the middle on the front seat, Mother is at the window. Doll a Waski are on the back seat. They all are staring with pal worry at the pacing Daddy fifty feet away. All are frightened, Mother is very pale. Doll has a tiny handkerc to her eyes and is half crying. Even Waski is very scared
196) 1) dialog: (seems on verge of tears) Mother... is Rose going to die?
205) 0) text: VARIOUS SHOTS of a wedding in a tiny country church. We s shots of Rose in a white wedding dress, smiling, happy. D is stiff and solemn in his best suit. Daddy gravely gives Rose away. We hear no dialogue here, MUSIC on track. We s Mother, Buddy, Doll and Waski in the front row, all in Su best and very solemn. We see a CLOSE SHOT of Rose's knees trembling beneath her white wedding dress as a country minister marries them. VARIOUS SHOTS of a rather idyllic country wedding in a very plain, unpretentious country church, and...
206) 0) text: A shot of Rose, Dave, Buddy, Doll and Waski at a picnic celebration outside the church by a running brook. The scene should be beautiful in summertime. We see a barbecue pit, homemade ice cream in the metal can, other picnic things. A happy Rose is kissing first Buddy, then Doll, then Waski. Dave smiles fondly, but rather stiffly her.
206) 2) dialog: We like 'em! We love 'em!
207) 0) text: A shot of Rose and Dave bidding goodbye to the Hillyers. Daddy, Mother, Buddy, Doll and Waski are in the model A. is obviously on the verge of tears as Dave speaks solemnl Daddy.
208) 0) text: A shot of Daddy and Mother in the Model A as Daddy drives see Doll and Waski solemn on the back seat, but Buddy is visible.