1) 0) text: On a taxi arriving at the Delta terminal of Kennedy Airpo A man in a well-tailored gray suit gets out of the taxi. CUT TO a CLOSER SHOT of the man as he pays the cabbie. He WILLCOX HILLYER, the middle-aged "Buddy" of this story an the observer through whose eyes it is seen. He has a dry, ironic, rather agreeable manner and he should seem like everyone's idea of a successful author, a slightly grayin trim, still-youthful-looking fifty. The CAMERA follows hi he walks into the terminal carrying a small travel bag.
2) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Willcox Hillyer at a counter getting his ticket processed. A little smile is on his face as he tal to a pretty airline girl. This character likes girls; his aloofness is modified, his face changes when he talks to them. The airline girl smiles back, she finds him attract We don't hear what they are saying, no dialogue on track it is obvious he is flirting with the girl in a mild way, now a frown comes on his face and he turns his head as if slightly annoyed by something. CUT TO a POV shot of a tall, gaunt, almost totally bald m at the next ticket counter. The man is about sixty-five a looks like a half senile Great Dane. He is DAVE WILKIE, erstwhile husband of the heroine of this story. Age has n been at all kind to Dave; his face is lined with bitterne he is a sour, angry, lonely man and now he is making a ve unpleasant scene with a ticket girl and an airline representative, waving his ticket and gesticulating angri He wears an expensive, ill-fitting suit and a Texas-type We don't hear his angry complaints, no dialogue is on the track. CUT BACK to a CLOSE SHOT of Willcox Hillyer as he stares a frown at the man. It's as if he knows the man but can't place him. The airline ticket girl speaks to him and he t back to her, his face softening as he answers her, obviou saying he'll carry his bag. He nods goodbye to the girl, turns and the CAMERA follows him as he walks some distanc away and stops, looks back with another pensive frown at tall, gaunt man at the next counter. CUT TO ANOTHER POV shot of Dave Wilkie, a longer shot tha the first. The man is now arguing angrily with two airlin representatives, still waving his ticket and shaking his head. We don't hear him. Lip-readers might pick up what h saying: "I'm supposed to be in first class, not tourist. What's the matter with this friggin' airline?" CUT BACK TO Willcox Hillyer, a CLOSE SHOT of his face as rubs his chin and frowns obviously struggling to remember man. The CAMERA holds on him as he stares at the gaunt an Dave, racking his brain. He shakes his head, he cannot pl the man and yet he knows him. The CAMERA moves in closer Willcox Hillyer's face as he stares in pensive puzzlement this ghost from the past and now we hear, as if from a distance, FAINT MUSIC on the track -- it is "Dixie," play with beautiful lazy mocking love by the great Louis Armst in his prime. At first we can barely hear it, then the MU becomes LOUDER as Hillyer's frown deepens and he seems al to know the man.
4) 2) dialog: (not on track) Excuse me... your voice is familiar and I'm sure I know you from somewhere...
4) 4) dialog: (not on track) Well, I... I... ah-h, let's see...
4) 6) dialog: (not on track) Oh. Oh, God. Of course, Dave, how are you? The men shake hands, Dave enthusiastically, Hillyer less We see Dave stow his suitcase and take the seat next to Hillyer.
8) 0) text: CUT TO Dave and Willcox Hillyer as the young stewardess g them drinks. Dave bestows a sour glance on her when he se the single drink, but at the moment he is in the midst of aggressively self-satisfied conversation and says nothing her. He speaks to Hillyer, who is making a real effort to polite but is less than happy about the encounter.
8) 2) dialog: (making polite talk) Well, that's interesting, Dave. I always liked Washington, it's a pretty town.
8) 6) dialog: (reluctantly) Galley proof.
8) 8) dialog: Page proof of a book I'm working on.
8) 10) dialog: (lifts an eyebrow in mild irony) Oh, yeah?
8) 12) dialog: (absolutely straight) Well, actually, we have a little black boy named Her---t who lives in the garage. He does it for me.
8) 14) dialog: (stares out of plane window) That's right, Dave, I'm headed for Glenville on a whisperin' jet.
9) 2) dialog: She has other things to do, Dave. Willcox smiles apologetically at girl.
9) 4) dialog: (obviously getting him off subject) Tell me about that job in Alexandria, Dave, the big motel you're building.
9) 6) dialog: I see. Outside it.
9) 8) dialog: Um-m, well...
9) 10) dialog: Well, no, I didn't actually.
9) 13) dialog: (he has had enough; with a pale trembling anger and in even tone) Dave, you are as full of shit as a Christmas turkey and you know it. Now if you want to start a fight on this plane and get yourself in jail, go right ahead. But I am telling you, you are full of shit right up to your eyeballs.
9) 15) dialog: Dave Schapiro is no horse doctor and Rose has been a good wife to him for a long time. To call her a nymphomaniac is the most stupid thing I ever heard in my life.
9) 17) dialog: Yeah, it took her a while to grow up and find Mr. Right, but she did it. She found him.
9) 19) dialog: (he is pale with anger) Yeah, I remember it. Willcox picks up galley sheets, half turns away.
10) 0) text: A shot of Willcox Hillyer at a Hertz Counter in the Atlan airport. A tense, wrought up Dave Wilkie is in the b.g. o the shot. During the following brief exchange, Hillyer is politely cool, Wilkie under a great strain.
10) 2) dialog: Yeah, I'll do that, Dave.
10) 4) dialog: (a trifle wearily) Dave, I haven't seen Rose for years. Hillyer takes rental car papers from a pretty young HERTZ GIRL, gives the girl a little smile, picks up his travel In desperation, Dave takes his arm.
10) 7) dialog: (in a different tone, interested, curious) What do you want me to tell her, Dave?
10) 9) dialog: He still loves her. The poor damn fool still loves her.
10) 11) dialog: A girl named Rose. (pulls himself back into the world of reality) Still take R75 to Glenville?
14) 0) text: CUT TO a shot on Willcox Hillyer CLOSE ON his face in the car. He is lost in reflection. A look of bitter sweet emo is on his face, an expression of sadness mixed with amusement. As the CAMERA holds on his face, we hear again the track Louis Armstrong's great version of "DIXIE," or music of comparable power, beauty and nostalgic evocation Now the music is stronger, much stronger than behind the titles, we are beginning to hear it full force.
15) 0) text: A shot of a thirteen-year-old boy on the front porch of a house in the sleepy Depression South of many years ago. H BUDDY, Willcox Hillyer as a boy. The MUSIC continues as h shades his eyes to look at something far away.
209) 0) text: ON Willcox Hillyer behind the wheel of the Hertz car. He staring pensively ahead, a faint trace of tears in his ey It is a very faint trace, a look of mild irony and amusem is on his face.
209) 1) dialog: (dryly, to himself) Mr. Right. Dave Wilkie. Willcox slowly shakes his head.
213) 0) text: ON the red Ford as it turns into a familiar driveway, tha the old Hillyer home. But insofar as possible it looks different now, like a re from the past. Maybe the house needs painting, the garden is in weeds -- place is not exactly dilapidated, but it is marked by tim A SHOT of Willcox Hillyer as he gets out of the red Ford walks up the familiar steps of the front porch, travel ba hand.
214) 0) text: ON Willcox Hillyer at the front door. He tries the knob, opens the door and goes inside.
215) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Willcox Hillyer as he glances into the living room. The room looks the same but different -it is musty, dim. Willcox Hillyer stares at it as if haunted a bit, turns a the CAMERA follows him as he crosses the hall and looks i Mother's old bedroom-study. This room is quite different. four poster is gone. The room is dusty, musty, dark. Magazines are on the floor in a ring around Mother's old study chair. We see "male" things. It is apparent Daddy l alone in this room. A SHOT of Willcox Hillyer as he walks down the familiar h back to the kitchen.
217) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Daddy putting out seed for birds on a ta on the patio. Daddy now is a very old man, but his personality and style are the same as ever. He looks up w a stern frown as Willcox Hillyer comes out on the patio.
217) 2) dialog: Hello, Daddy. How are you?
217) 4) dialog: It isn't Yankee whisky, Daddy, it's Scotch.
218) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Willcox Hillyer and Daddy as they enter kitchen. The former opens his travel bag and takes out a bottle of Teacher's.
218) 1) dialog: I can use a drink after the plane ride I had.
218) 3) dialog: (a little smile; it is summer, there couldn't be snow in New Hampshire) Yeah, they're in the snow. Willcox opens whisky, looks for glasses in the dusty fami cupboard.
218) 5) dialog: (frowns at cupboard) Good God, the way you live here. This place hasn't been dusted since Mother died. Look at that goddamned refrigerator.
218) 7) dialog: (frowns, turns and stares at him) Of course I recall Rose. In fact I've been thinking of no one else for the last hour and a half.
218) 9) dialog: Dave Wilkie of all people was sitting by me on the plane -- her first husband. It's funny you would mention Rose. Did you hear from her? Willcox pours out whisky.
219) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Willcox Hillyer and Daddy as they walk w their drinks out to the patio.
219) 1) dialog: What's all this about Rose? What do you mean, you heard from her in a manner of speaking?
219) 3) dialog: What sad news? Did her cancer come back?
219) 5) dialog: Is her husband sick or something?
219) 7) dialog: The pitiful son of a bitch said Rose was a nymphomaniac.
219) 9) dialog: You're damn right it incensed me, the miserable bastard. He also said the kikes and the niggers have taken over Washington. D.C.
219) 11) dialog: He didn't lose her, he threw her away.
219) 13) dialog: (staring off pensively into space) You know, I don't know this town any more. All this traffic, new buildings, prosperity... (pauses, almost as if in pain) Where have the years gone, Daddy? Where is the little town I knew as a boy?
219) 15) dialog: (a little smile) That's what she would say herself.
219) 17) dialog: It always gives me a funny feeling to come home. Dear old Southland. Gone. It's all gone, Daddy -- (a fond little smile) -- except you, you're still here.
219) 19) dialog: It's funny you would mention Rose, I was thinking about her all the way up in the car. (gives him a glance) Or maybe it isn't so funny.
219) 21) dialog: All right, Daddy. We have our drink, we're out on the patio, you have prepared me for it. Rose's cancer has come back, hasn't it?
219) 23) dialog: (numb with shock, for a moment can't speak or think) Dead, Rose is dead? You mean... she died?
219) 25) dialog: (in awful shock) But... but how? She was young! Rose wasn't old!
219) 27) dialog: (in distress, a slightly choked voice) Excuse me, I'll be right back. Willcox Hillyer rises with his drink in hand and walks ac the patio to the kitchen door.
220) 0) text: CUT TO a shot of Willcox Hillyer as he goes into the kitc He picks up the whisky bottle and pours himself a very la drink. ANOTHER ANGLE, CLOSE on Willcox Hillyer as he stares acro the kitchen lost in thought.
220) 4) dialog: in the kitchen, drink in hand, a look of grief on his fac He struggles to control himself, puts a hand over his eye then pulls himself together, turns from the kitchen.
220) 6) dialog: Well, you have knocked me for a hell of a loop, old man. A hell of a loop.
220) 8) dialog: I can't believe it, Daddy. I know it must be true, but I can't believe it.
220) 13) dialog: Why Rose? Why Rose, Daddy?
220) 15) dialog: That's a hell of a thing to say. Why, Rose?
220) 17) dialog: I'm not blubbering. CUT TO a shot of the red Ford going down the familiar driveway.