4) 0) text: HONK HONK HONK! The loud CACOPHONY of New York City TRAFF jars us right out of the previous scene -- We're street level now -- as the video camera adjusts, we catch a glimpse of DOWNTOWN MANHATTAN in all its glory. T we swing around and follow -- A GIRL (mid-twenties) as she crosses through traffic on t busy crosswalk. She’s wearing a JAPANESE SILK DRESS, her hair is pulled back with CHOPSTICKS. This is LILY FORD. We hear a GUY'S VOICE call after her --
4) 2) dialog: Watch where you're going --
4) 4) dialog: Jason --
4) 6) dialog: {glares at him) Perfect. Now we can have a nice record of you getting run over.
5) 0) text: Lily's at the counter of a corner grocery store. She's talking over her shoulder as the CASHIER bags her food --
5) 1) dialog: ..-go around and get testimonials from everyone.
5) 5) dialog: I know this isn’t a wedding -- I said like a wedding. (to cashier) Thank you.
5) 8) dialog: Let me ask you a question -- can you see me through the viewfinder?
5) 11) dialog: Good. (beat) Now... can you see me trying to carry all these bags by myself? cuUT TO:
6) 1) dialog: -- he’s your brother. This is important. Stop trying to get out of it --
6) 5) dialog: No it’s not. Yes it is.
6) 6) dialog: (shooting him a look) Jason.
11) 0) text: ll. 20 Testimonial. Lily stands in front of the camera. In the background, we can see the party's in full swing now.
11) 1) dialog: Robert Hawkins. I can’t believe you're leaving me. To take care of Jason. By myself. And this is your fault in the first place -- if you hadn’t introduced me to your brother, I’d probably be married to some handsome stock broker right now instead of -- (glances off camera, raises voice) Madly in love with a buffoon.
11) 3) dialog: {back to camera) And I know we’re not officially family -- (looks off screen) Yet.
11) 5) dialog: (back to camera) But I think of you as my brother and I hope you think of me as a sister...
11) 8) dialog: ...Which means you have to check in with me from time to time. (getting choked up) I know this is an... amazing job for you. And I know this is what you need right now, but... that doesn’t mean I have to like it. Hud‘s starts to ZOOM IN on Marlena. Lily’s barely in fram
11) 9) dialog: You'd better call us. Now that you have this job, you can afford to call us. So-- {notices} Hud? Hud swings the camera back to Lily.
11) 11) dialog: (okay then...} Rob -- call us. We love you and miss you. So much.
12) 0) text: ACROSS THE ROOM, we see Lily greet Marlena. As she hugs h hello --
16) 11) dialog: -- quiet -- everybody, quiet -- he's coming -- People gather around the living room. A hush falls as everyone quiets down, waits. Hud focuses on the FRONT DOO CLICK. It swings open. One of ROB’S FRIENDS (DAVIS) steps inte the apartment, mouths to the crowd “He's right behin me.” The crowd takes a breath in anticipation, then -- Rob steps through the doorway. They flip the LIGHTS ON --
18) 2) dialog: It was everyone, it was everyone --
27) 7) dialog: What are you doing? Hud turns to find Lily walking up beside him. Looking pissed. Rob hears Lily’s voice, sees Hud in the hallway. Filming them.
27) 9) dialog: I got it. {grabs Hud} c'mon, Back inside.
27) 11) dialog: Not this.
27) 18) dialog: -- a couple weeks ago. Beth made me promise not to say anything --
27) 21) dialog: Why didn’t I tell you?
32) 0) text: ACROSS THE PARTY -- everyone’s dancing, having a good tim Everyone, that is, except for Reb, who’s standing near th bar, looking more or less miserable. Hud swings the camer around to find Jason and Lily. They’re watching Rob --
32) 1) dialog: -- you guys have to do something --
32) 3) dialog: It’s not fine. He's a black hole right now. You're his brother -- (looks to camera And you're his best friend. Go... make him happy.
36) 6) dialog: {scared} Jason -- what was that? cUuT TO:
39) 3) dialog: -- the lights went out -- Hud gets wide, swings the camera to include Rob, Jason, a Lily who are talking near the edge of the roof --
43) 0) text: MOVING TOWARDS a group of OUR PEOPLE in the crowd. We see Jason race out of the building, reunite with Lily. As he grabs her and pulls her close, we hear our people yelling over one another --
44) 0) text: Hud's RACING AT TOP SPEED behind Rob. They‘re following dason, Lily, and a FEW OTHERS from our party into -- 70 6/8/07 CLOVERFIELD by Drew Goddard 39.
45) 0) text: -- the SAME BODEGA we saw Jason and Lily in earlier. As H races through the front doors, the CASHIER waves him in -
45) 14) dialog: Jason -- what are you doing?
45) 16) dialog: dason -- don‘t --
46) 2) dialog: It’s okay. You're okay... cuT To:
50) 4) dialog: Marlena, we’re gonna get out of here. Okay? (then) Marlena? And Marlena finally turns back. Looks at them with HAUNTE EYES. Says quietly --
51) 0) text: ON THE MOVE. Further away. We see THRONGS OF PEOPLE movin down the street. All headed in the same direction. IN FRO OF US, we see Lily helping Marlena forward. BESIDE US, Ro trying to dial HIS PHONE --
54) 0) text: Still moving. We're near the back of the group. Hud’s focused on Marlena -- Lily’s walking with her arm around trying to help clean the soot out of Marlena’s eyes. Hud approaches, concerned --
54) 3) dialog: Not now, Hud. Hud stops. They continue forward. Hud holds on them.
57) 9) dialog: Jason -- wait --
57) 12) dialog: Jason -- WHOOSH -- the helicopter CROSSES OVERHEAD again. Rob tens in frustration --
57) 15) dialog: Wait -- he’s got Beth ~-
57) 20) dialog: 
57) 26) dialog: UP AHEAD -- we see Jason fighting his way BACK THROUGH TH CROWD towards us -- AND JUST THEN, BEHIND HIM --
57) 28) dialog: AN_ENORMOUS WHITE HAND reaches up over the walkway. Jason doesn’t see it -- Lily barely has time to SCREAM --
57) 31) dialog: 
60) 0) text: UP AHEAD -- we catch a glimpses of ROB and LILY -- they’r running for their lives, with the crowd -- SSCCCCCRRRRR ~- the screech of buckling metal fills the a Hud swings the camera around -- as he does so, we see Mar race by us -- TERROR on her face -- Hud angles back TOWARDS THE BRIDGE -- it’s hard to get a view -- TERRIFIED CROWDS are racing towards us -- but ris above them, we can see -- The Bridge‘s TOWER. And it’s slowly TOPPLING OVER -- SSCCCCRRR -- it disappears out of view as it FALLS -- Hud spins back around, keeps moving --
61) 0) text: Hud ROUNDS A CORNER, still racing at top speed. We pass people who are standing still, staring in horror at the bridge spectacle. We get the sense we’re out of immediate danger -- but Hud keeps running -- EXT. STREET - NIGHT Bo WAY UP AHEAD -- off to the side of the street -- we see R Lily, and Marlena have stopped -- Hud’s moving towards th
62) 0) text: (Note: the following sequence will take place in ONE SHOT We're moving through the crowd, headed towards our people As we APPROACH, we can hear LILY'S PAINED CRIES. Rob’s holding her tight in his arms -- she’s sobbing hysterical We can hear Hud trying to catch his breath. As he gets close, we see Lily nearly BUCKLE in Rob’s arms -- it’s as though her legs give out entirely -- between SOBS --
62) 1) dialog: -- what was that -- what was that -- Marlena tries to help -- but Lily’s a wreck -- she pushes Marlena and Rob away -- backs against the wall behind her holds her head in her hands -~ the TEARS nearly choking h
62) 2) dialog: -- please -- what happened -- somebody please tell me what happened --
62) 5) dialog: -- it just came from nowhere -- he didn’t see it -- he didn’t even see it -- he was there and then he was gone -- {through sobs) What was that? What just happened... Marlena crouches next to Lily --
65) 6) dialog: (quietly) I‘m coming. And that catches everyone off-guard -- Lily hasn't said a word for quite some time. Rob looks at her, eyes softenin
65) 8) dialog: I’m coming with you. Rob studies her for a beat. Then nods. Turns to keep walking. Marlena throws her arms up -- is everyone insane
66) 0) text: Rob and Lily are up ahead, moving quickly through a dark alley. Hud and Marlena follow. As Marlena tries to get Hu to listen to reason --
71) 0) text: Hud and Rob race forward, spilling out onto a SUBWAY PLATFORM. They fall forward to the ground -- we catch a glimpse of Lily and Marlena next to them on the deck. Hud’s on his hands and knees -- they’re all GASPING FOR A terror in their throats as they struggle to breathe... an breathe... and breathe... cuT TO: 98 99 6/8/07 CLOVERFIELD by Drew Goddard 68.
72) 6) dialog: We have to wait.
75) 0) text: Later. ACROSS THE STATION -- Rob’s now off the phone. By himself. Lily crosses over to him. Grabs him. Hugs him. He goes weak as she holds him.
76) 0) text: Later. Rob and Lily are now sitting against the wall on t other side of the station. We can’t hear what they’re saying. Hud angles the camera -- he's sitting next to Marlena. Somber. As Hud studies Rob across the room -~
78) 0) text: Hud’s on his feet, approaching Rob and Lily --
78) 9) dialog: It would only take us about thirty minutes...
80) 7) dialog: Did the news say what it was?
82) 0) text: A bit later. Things are a bit more SOMBER. Rob and Lily walk up ahead. Hud's almost EAVESDROPPING ON THEM --
82) 4) dialog: (quietly) They’re just words, Rob. They don‘t matter. {thinks about it) I don’t have any idea what the last thing I said to Jason was...
82) 6) dialog: Why?
83) 5) dialog: From what? Lily looks back down the tunnels behind her. As our group glances at each other --
85) 6) dialog: The camera SHAKES as Hud races towards Lily -- we get a better look at THE PARASITE -- it’s roughly the size of a large dog, with multiple flailing legs and a mouth full o razor teeth -- Lily SCREAMS in horror as it lunges at her Rob dives into frame, tries to rip the parasite off Lily Hud sturbles, swings the camera around, the light catches MORE PARASITES. Coming right at Hud. WHAM! The lead parasite rears up on its haunches, knocks Hud to the qrou The camera lands next to him, pointed back down the tunne towards the others. We see Rob fighting with the parasite Lily -- Marlena dives towards the ground, lunging for something (we don’t see what) -- As Hud SCREAMS, the camera is suddenly YANKED BACKWARDS, though the parasite’s dragging Hud down the tunnel, AWAY THE OTHERS (the strap around his neck keeps the camera ti to Hud.}
85) 15) dialog: Door -- GET TO THE DOOR -- Hud angles the camera --~ sees Lily's leading them toward A MAINTENANCE DOOR. Rob gets there first, yanks it open - as we race towards it -- the parasites are SWARMING
86) 2) dialog: 
91) 4) dialog: No more tunnels.
92) 0) text: ON THE MOVE. At the end of the corridor, we see faint LIG peeking through a set of doors. Rob leads the way, steps through the doors. Marlena and Lily follow, with Hud bringing up the rear -- Hud steps through the doors and finds the others, looking slightly dumbfounded as they glance around at their surroundings. Hud angles the camera around to reveal -- MANNEQUINS, dressed in designer clothes. They‘re eerily silhouetted -- backlit by the KLEIG LIGHTING that streams through floor to ceiling windows across the vast space, w is filled with racks and racks of clothing.
92) 1) dialog: I recognize this. (beat) This is Bloomingdales. Yep, they’re in a DEPARTMENT STORE. The mazes of subway corridors led them right into the middle of Bloomingdales
93) 0) text: The group cautiously makes its way through the store. As HUD PULLS BACK, widening out, we see signs of the chao that must have hit here several hours ago -- overturned racks, shopping bags abandoned on the ground, cash regist knocked off the counters. It's creepy, to say the least. The entire store is empty. Not a person to be seen. As Hud follows Rob and Lily, he realizes Marlena is no longer in frame -- Hud turns -- there she is. But she’s just standing there. glazed, pale expression on her face as she stares off --
94) 5) dialog: Do you guys know what it is? Out there -- do you what that thing is? And as Pryce leads them forward, he almost laughs, his vo sounds HAUNTED as he says --
96) 19) dialog: Were you bit? No -- it’s just her -- And right then, we hear Marlena START TO SCREAM. Camera swings back towards her -- just in time to see her body s CONVULSING -- as the HAZ-MAT guys race her into the quarantine area, she SCREAMS and SCREAMS -- And just as they usher her through the translucent plasti Marlena seems to ERUPT with BLOOD. SPLASH -- the plastic SPLATTERED with massive amounts of BLOOD. Hud’s fighting with the soldiers, trying to get to her --
97) 15) dialog: {after a beat) Then we should get going.
98) 2) dialog: -- I couldn't see it -- did you see it, Hud? What happened to her?
98) 7) dialog: Hud? Rob stops as well. Compassion in his eyes as he glances b at his friend. As Lily moves towards Hud --
101) 3) dialog: How do we even get inside?
101) 5) dialog: (quietly) I don’t know if I can climb that. Hud surveys the scene. The camera follows the canted building up towards the roof, where it LEANS AGAINST THE OTHER BUILDING. And we can almost hear the lightbulb go o in Hud’s head.
102) 3) text: And now we're MOVING IN to the lobby, following Rob and Lily -- shattered GLASS and debris EVERYWHERE --
103) 10) dialog: Maybe... the monster's been frozen up in the polar ice caps all this time... Reb looks at her, nods. Plays along, genuine --
104) 0) text: Hud‘s lagging behind. He reaches the top of the staircase heads down a hall, catching up with Rob and Lily. They're at the end of the hallway, cautiously glancing ou the SHATTERED WINDOWS, where Beth's building can be seen, RIGHT OUTSIDE, leaning towards us, against our building.
104) 4) dialog: Careful -- And Rob climbs out of the window, terrified but determine We watch as he lands on the debris on the roof, he turns back, helps Lily do -- Just then a ROAR -- no, not the monster -- we PAN to the where SIX F-18‘s fly in LON FORMATION, CRACKING THE HEAVE as they disappear overhead -- Rob and Lily wince, then look back toward Hud --
104) 13) dialog: Rob -- The camera jostles as Hud races to catch up -- WHUMP -- w hear a strange thumping sound -- WHUMP --
104) 44) dialog: (oh god) Guys -- Hud SWINGS THE CAMERA towards Lily -- she’s staring out t windows at something -- Hud angles around behind her to reveal this canted building is hovering over Park Avenue and DOWN THE STREET, THIRTY BLOCKS AWAY, MOVING OUT FROM
104) 49) dialog: Guys... Oh god. We gotta get out of here --
111) 1) dialog: Which way?
113) 15) text: Lily stares at them, fear in her eyes. But then she reali they‘re right. One of them has to go. So she swallows, no Locks eyes with her friends. Rock~solid as she says --
113) 16) dialog: I’1l see you guys soon, okay? And as soon as she says it, the Soldier starts escorting towards the chopper. No time for goodbyes --
114) 0) text: As the helicopter starts to lift off, we catch A GLIMPSE LILY -- she's pushing aside a soldier, fighting to get to cargo window. And as she looks out at us -- Lil ts her hand s. IN THE FOREGROUND -- we see Rob and Beth hold up their ha Goodbye, Lily. Hud HOLDS ON THE HELICOPTER as it lifts in the air. As Lily disappears from view --
115) 0) text: Hud scans the sky -- we see LILY'S HELICOPTER, growing smaller and smaller in the sky. He pans down the street, finds A SECOND HELICOPTER coming in for a landing -- All the while -- we hear the sound of MISSILE STRIKES -- world shakes -- the monster SHRIEKS --