4) 36) text: The wedding. You and Anne Burton. (a gesture of explanation) It was in the papers. GUY
8) 15) text: Especially when you have Anne Burton hanging on your arm. GUY
8) 16) text: Let's not talk about Anne Burton. MIRIAM
8) 28) text: We see Guy gripping Miriam's arms and apparently addressi her in a threatening manner, although we do not hear his words. The smile has faded from Miriam's face and somethi like cringing fear has taken its place. She is drawn and tense and seems to cower beneath Guy's rage. Mr. Hargreaves moves forward and opens Guy's tirade. GUY
10) 1) text: Long distance. (a pause) I want Washington, D. C. The number is Republic 0800. Person to person. Miss Anne Burton. Another pause, very long. Guy is very restless. He digs a cigarette out of his pocket and sticks it in his mouth, t looks through his pockets for his lighter, doesn't find i He looks puzzled, but about that time the operator speaks him. GUY
10) 3) text: (tautly, into phone) Anne, -- Anne darling. Yes, I'm in Metcalf -- (gets a grip on himself) No, everything didn't go smoothly. She doesn't want a divorce, not now.... Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org              20.
11) 0) text: ANNE BURTON is a beautiful, high-spirited and well-bred y woman. The smile on her face his faded to anxiety as she listens over the telephone which is on the desk.
11) 1) dialog: (after a pause then with unpleasant realization) Another man's child! But she can't do that to you, Guy -- it's unbelievable -- it's, it's evil! (she listens, then calmly) Yes, I know how you must feel. (pause) But you sound so savage.
12) 176) text: (looks at Guy with astonishment) But, Guy, you wanted it! We planned it on the train together, remember? Guy suddenly starts to go.   Bruno grabs his arm. BRUNO
12) 181) text: You're is much in it as I am. We planned it together. Criss-cross. I do your murder -- GUY
13) 7) text: (holding her close) Anne darling, you're trembling. Anne draws back and looks into his face as if searching f an answer to some question in her mind.
13) 8) dialog: Guy -- (her fingers gently touch his face) I wonder if you know how much I love you. Guy takes her hand from hIs face, caresses it with his li GUY
13) 10) dialog: (tensely) But I wanted you to know, before... (forcing herself to be calm) Before we go into the living room. Father wants to see you.
13) 12) text: SENATOR BURTON and BARBARA BURTON are seated near a desk the farthest side of the room. Senator Burton is a distinguished fifty, a man with great pride in tradition, his family and his career. Barbara, Anne's younger sister is a lively seventeen who loves excitement, says exactly what she thinks and rarely thinks before she says it. Superficially, in height and figure, she resembles Miriam She also weirs glasses. By her gestures we gather she is speaking urgently, but softly, to her father, who lifts a weary hand to quiet her as she looks toward Guy in the hallway, Barbara keeps quiet and also looks toward Guy. They both wait for him to enter.
13) 15) text: As Guy starts to make the long trek across the living roo with Anne behind him --
13) 22) text: Miriam...murdered. ANNE
13) 41) text: Her face shows her relief that Guy can account for his ti ANNE
13) 44) text: Not quite. Detectives play a game called Motive, Motive, Who'd got the Motive. ANNE
13) 49) text: Daddy doesn't mind a little scandal. He's a senator. ANNE
13) 67) text: Left alone, Guy and Anne embrace. Anne's nervous tension comes to the surface in a flood of relief.
13) 68) dialog: I told myself over and over I was being silly, but there was one horrible moment tonight when the news came through. I kept remembering what you shouted telephone from Metcalf.
13) 70) dialog: Don't even say it.   Forget you ever said it. Even more   terrifying than the murder itself,  Guy, was the awful thought that if you  had anything to do with it we'd be  separated, -perhaps forever. I'd never   see you again. I couldn't bear it.
16) 23) text: On the train. ANNE
16) 26) text: (after a disapproving glance at Barbara) Sit down, Guy. Sit down.    Give him some coffee, Anne. (MORE)
16) 32) dialog: But, you knew he was on the train! Wasn't that enough to prove you were on it, too?
16) 34) dialog: (growing indignant and increasingly nervous) That's ridiculous. They're acting as if you were guilty.
16) 50) text: My dear boy, wouldn't it look rather -- awkward -- if you suddenly canceled all your plans. ANNE
17) 1) text: Must be some mistake.   It wasn't for me. His embarrassment grows as Anne looks at him with a puzzl expression.
19) 0) text: Guy and Anne are walking slowly through a more or less deserted room of the gallery. Their manner is relaxed and intimate.
19) 1) dialog: Well, we'd better be getting back.
19) 3) dialog: (softly) I like.
19) 5) dialog: So was I. When we build our house, darling, we won't even have glass windows. No doorbells, no newspapers, no telephone -- Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org               66.
19) 7) dialog: (suddenly serious) How long can it go on?
19) 9) dialog: We'll be happier then, won't we?
19) 12) text: Guy! Anne stops and looks back. Guy knows who it is and would not turn but that he is forced to by Anne's action. He ta a few steps towards Bruno.
19) 13) text: Anne watches Guy approach this stranger.   She looks down at Bruno's tie pin.
19) 15) text: Anne reads the name on the tie pin.
19) 22) text: Guy rejoins Anne and they start to walk away.
19) 23) dialog: Who was it, Guy?
19) 62) text: As Guy comes into the scene.   He stands staring. ANNE
19) 73) text: He is still watching Bruno talk to the French couple. Guy is unaware of Anne's looks. Suddenly his attention is arrested by the sound of Barbara's voice calling him. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                73. BARBARA'S VOICE
19) 78) text: Bruno is occupied with his French joke, but Anne is looki at Guy strangely.
19) 91) text: But of course. All talk dies out as all eyes turn to Bruno, who is stari at Barbara. Except Anne's, who is saying quietly to Bruno ANNE
19) 114) dialog: Her face is troubled. CAMERA BEGINS TO PULL BACK. We see now that the reception is in progress and that Anne stand beside her father to greet the arriving guests. CAMERA PU BACK FURTHER to show us a full view of a very crowded Washington gathering Many white ties and tails and decoll in evidence. Many accents. Even some foreign languages ar being spoken. Music and chatter in the b.g.
19) 115) text: Anne and the Senator are still greeting new arrivals. Ann manner is somewhat preoccupied. She glances around as she speaks, as though looking for someone.
19) 116) dialog: (to new arrival) Thank you so much, Mr. Lindsay. We'll look forward to it.
19) 118) text: As Bruno comes in her direction, Anne's expression shows mystification and concern about Bruno's presence and abou Guy's attitude toward him.
19) 119) text: Bruno comes up to Anne and the Senator. He gives a slight bow to the Senator; then puts his hand out to Anne.
19) 121) dialog: This is Mr. Antony, father.
19) 127) dialog: A friend of the Darvilles.
19) 138) text: So it is. Besides, it doesn't happen every day. At this moment, Anne comes into the scene.    She hesitat she hears Bruno's answer. BRUNO
19) 140) text: Well, Mr. Antony, you seem very interested in the subject of murder. Anne looks more troubled, then moves on out of the scene. BRUNO
19) 178) text: Anne rushes into the picture. She sees Bruno being helped to his feet; then turns her attention to Mrs. Cunningham, who has now somewhat recovered. Mrs. Cunningham is helped to the settee. There is a babble of women's voices trying to explain what has happened.
19) 179) dialog: (thru the babble) Bring her upstairs. As the two groups pass off in different directions, the f people who ran into the scene late are asking the others what the disturbance is. "What's wrong?" "Did she faint?" "I didn't see anything." "What happened to him?" "Somebod hurt?" But one small figure stands in the clear. It is Barbara, She is still transfixed by what she has seen. He hands are trembling. CAMERA MOVES SLOWLY IN ON HER. We se that her lips are trembling, too, and in her eyes frighte tears are welling. Her breath is heavy.
20) 17) text: She turns her head and looks up the stairs. Barbara has n quite recovered from her ordeal. She hurries forward to greet Anne who is hurrying down the stairs.
20) 18) text: CAMERA PANS DOWN with Anne as she descends the last few s Barbara enters the picture and the two girls meet at the foot of the stairs.
20) 19) dialog: What's the matter, Barbara? Did you see it happen? Did you see it -- all? Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org              88.
20) 23) dialog: (aghast) How do you mean?
20) 29) dialog: Do you know where Guy is?
21) 0) text: Anne comes out onto the steps and looks around.   She sto short as she sees:
21) 3) dialog: Guy!
21) 6) text: Anne comes down the steps and intercepts Guy on the sidew She leads him along a few paces and then stops and faces him.
21) 7) text: Anne nods off in the direction of the departed Bruno and speaks in a desperate, low voice.
21) 8) dialog: You didn't meet him for the first time the other day, did you, Guy? Guy stares at her for a moment.
21) 11) text: (awkwardly) Well, I didn't -- particularly -- ANNE
21) 12) text: (breaks in) He stared at her again tonight -- while his hands were around Mrs. Cunningham's throat. Guy looks at Anne with an expression of growing fear and alarm. She goes on inexorably: ANNE
21) 14) text: (awkwardly) Well, why do you ask me? You've seen her pictures in the paper. ANNE
21) 17) dialog: What else? GUY
21) 18) text: What else is there? ANNE
21) 21) text: She looked a lot like Barbara, didn't she? Guy suddenly begins to realize what Anne is getting at. Anne lowers her head, deliberately avoids looking at Guy, she asks: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org       91.
21) 22) dialog: How did you get him to do it, Guy.
21) 24) dialog: He killed Miriam, didn't he?   Tell me, Guy!
21) 26) dialog: (quietly) What do you mean -- your murder, Guy?
21) 28) dialog: You must have realized he was talking a lot of nonsense!
21) 30) dialog: (beginning to believe) It's too fantastic!
21) 32) dialog: You mean you've known about Miriam all this time? Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org           92.
21) 35) text: (bitterly) And have them say what you did -- "Mr. Haines, how did you get him to do it?" And Bruno would say we'd planed it together. ANNE
21) 37) text: I don't know, Anne...I don't know. ANNE
21) 39) text: (sadly) You see, Anne, that's why I didn't want you to know anything about this. I wanted to protect all of you -- your father, Barbara. And now that you know, you're acting guilty, too. ANNE
21) 41) text: No, that's no good, Anne. I mustn't drag anyone else into this mess. Come on. Let's go in. They go toward the house.
21) 43) text: As Hennessy watches Anne and Guy go toward the house, his relief, HAMMOND, comes up. Hammond's a zealous, hard-eyed sleuth. HENNESSY
25) 15) text: (drawing herself up with some hauteur) Did Bruno tell you this? ANNE
25) 19) text: (she sighs and rises, winding it up) Well, Miss Burton, it was very nice of you to call. You must excuse me now. I must get back to my painting. Do you care for painting, Miss Burton? I find it so soothing. (shakes Anne's hand) You must come again sometime. She goes out. Anne is left helpless, standing in the midd of the room. She picks up her purse and is about to go wh she hears a voice: BRUNO'S VOICE
25) 20) text: Oh, Miss Burton! Anne turns back in direction of the voice. CAMERA   PULLS BACK until we can see the feet of Bruno protruding  from a chair in which he is sitting. He has obviously   heard entire conversation between Anne and his mother.   Bruno He is in dressing gown and pajamas.
25) 22) text: You know, I'm very upset with Guy. He shouldn't have sent you on an errand like this. ANNE
25) 24) text: He's been leading you up the garden path, I'm afraid. He must be very desperate to try to involve me. I've been protecting him ever since we had that conversation on the train and he told me how he hated his wife. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                103 Bruno is now standing near the   window a little apart fr Anne, with his back to him. He    takes something out of pocket of his dressing gown and   looks down at it in his It is Guy's lighter.  Suddenly   he stuffs it back his po and turn back to Anne. BRUNO
25) 25) text: Why, do you know, Miss Burton, he tried to get me to go back to the island one night after dark and pick up his lighter so the police wouldn't find it? He dropped it there, you know, when -- well, that night. Anne's horror is growing. BRUNO
25) 26) text: The whole thing's been worrying me so much. But of course I couldn't do it, Miss Burton. It would have been too risky. And besides, it would have made me an accessory. Anne stares at this insane man and sinks on the settee. starts to cry in sheer frustration. Bruno goes to her sympathetically. BRUNO
25) 27) text: Miss Burton, I know how you feel. He puts his hand on her shoulder. Anne flings it off. The is an awkward pause as Bruno looks down at her. Then he begins to look around restlessly. BRUNO
25) 28) text: Miss Burton, you must excuse me. I have an urgent appointment. (looks it his watch) I must go up and change. Now, I really must go...if you'll excuse me... He turns, starts out of the room and up the stairs in the hall. Anne watches him.
25) 30) text: Anne slowly rises, a lonely figure in the large room, and makes her way out.
25) 34) text: Anne and Guy are seated at the table.
25) 35) dialog: ...And he said that if the police found your lighter there, that's all they'd need -- something to prove you were at the scene of the murder.
25) 37) dialog: (urgently) Guy, you'll have to get there before he does. You won't have time to play, You'd better tell them. (she nods her head in the direction of the center court)
25) 39) dialog: Then I'll go. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org              105.
25) 43) dialog: Yes. GUY
25) 45) text: We're on in a few minutes, Guy. (to Anne) How are you, Miss Morton. Anne acknowledges his greeting with a nod.
25) 52) text: Anne is reluctant to leave Guy who must now join his oppo Reynolds.
25) 54) text: Anne joins Barbara in the box.     She starts to whisper something to her.
27) 11) dialog: (quickly and urgently) Guy, listen to me, If I sound all mixed up I can't help it. I -- I'm scared.
27) 13) text: That's just it. I don't know. It's Bruno. I talked to him, Guy -- Guy stares at her, takes a quick look toward the stadium, then gives Anne his full attention. ANNE
27) 15) text: (shaking his head) He'd drag himself into it, -- and Bruno loves Bruno. I'm all right so long as he thinks I have an alibi for that night. (noticing the stricken look on Anne is face) He knows? Anne nods slowly.
27) 18) text: My cigarette lighter. He said once he could have left it on the islands as evidence (a pause) But he wouldn't do that. Not in broad day light. ANNE
27) 20) text: (tensely) Metcalf -- did he say Metcalf? Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org              110. ANNE
27) 22) text: (tensely) Try to think, Anne! VOICE (OFFSCENE)
27) 23) text: Guy Haines! -- Reynolds! While Anne is frantically trying to remember, Guy turns toward, the stadium and gives a signal of "Be right there ANNE
27) 27) text: I'll have to default. ANNE
27) 33) text: We got our orders. We take him in -- after the match. Guy and Anne come INTO THE SCENE just as the players from the previous match emerge. They pass through, nodding to Hennessy. HENNESSY
27) 35) text: Anne is about to turn to her box but she is reluctant to leave Guy, who must now join his opponent, Reynolds. As their eyes hold, in mutual helplessness, Guy suddenly sta at her with realization. GUY
27) 36) text: The moon! You said he had an appointment -- Anne looks puzzled as Guy looks up at the sun, then at hi watch. GUY
27) 37) text: Then he is going to Metcalf. But he has to wait until it gets dark -- (with frantic haste, he thinks quickly, then murmurs to Anne) Listen, Anne, as soon as the third set starts, tell Barbara --
27) 38) text: waiting at the bottom of steps to the stand. Guy joins hi opponent, and Anne goes to her box. Guy and Reynolds move onto the court amid the rounds of applause that greet the Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org               112.
30) 2) text: Anne and Barbara sitting in their box watching the play anxiously.
31) 3) text: Anne and Barbara very tense.
31) 11) text: Anne is speaking.
31) 12) dialog: If he wins this next set -- you'd better have everything ready. (takes bill from her purse and hands it to Barbara) Here -- give the driver this ten dollars.
31) 14) dialog: (urgently) You don't have to understand, just do it. And for heaven's sake, act natural. Barbara nods and goes along.
35) 19) text: The tense face of Anne.
36) 1) text: As Barbara joins Anne, she gives her a surreptitious sign by ringing her thumb and forefinger, indicating everythin is set.
39) 5) text: At an urgent signal from Anne, Barbara hurries out as if knew what she had to do.
39) 6) text: Guy shakes hands with his opponent, and then hurries acro to Anne in the stand. He leans over the front of the box. While congratulating him outwardly, she whispers somethin to him. He leaves his racket with her and hurries away. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                127
39) 9) text: Isn't it wonderful, Mr. Hennessy? He won! It calls for a celebration. Anne says you must have dinner with us. Just the family, and you, and Guy.
46) 119) dialog: (into phone) Hello... (impatiently) Yes, operator, yes! (waits a moment, then eagerly:) Guy?
46) 121) text: (a pause, then she closes her eyes with heartfelt relief. Another pause, then:) Yes, darling, yes. Of course I'll be there...Goodbye. She hangs up, turns slowly, to face Barbara and her fathe Her expression is one of intense relief. ANNE
46) 122) text: Guy'll be back tomorrow. (overcome with emotion she has difficulty in speaking) He wants me to take him some things. With a sob, Barbara flings herself into Anne's arms. As s cries, Anne strokes her head comfortingly. Then with a ha choked sobs Anne, too, begins to cry. She speaks through her tears, looking over Barbara's shoulder at her father. ANNE