13) 12) text: SENATOR BURTON and BARBARA BURTON are seated near a desk the farthest side of the room. Senator Burton is a distinguished fifty, a man with great pride in tradition, his family and his career. Barbara, Anne's younger sister is a lively seventeen who loves excitement, says exactly what she thinks and rarely thinks before she says it. Superficially, in height and figure, she resembles Miriam She also weirs glasses. By her gestures we gather she is speaking urgently, but softly, to her father, who lifts a weary hand to quiet her as she looks toward Guy in the hallway, Barbara keeps quiet and also looks toward Guy. They both wait for him to enter.
13) 19) text: (finding it difficult to begin) There seems to be no way of diplomatically breaking tragic news. I'm sorry, Guy, to be the one to tell you. It concerns your wife. She's been murdered. Guy stares woodenly at the Senator, is if hypnotized. BARBARA
13) 23) text: (with inner tension) She was...strangled. Slowly Guy's eyes meet hers. They are remembering what he said on the phone: "I could strangle her." He sinks into chair. The Senator is quite distressed. During the following scene Barbara quietly goes about the business of pouring drinks and serving them. She knows everyone's preference. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org      49.
13) 25) dialog: (quickly, to Guy) Miriam went there with two boys. They were the ones who found her. So they're not suspects. But you probably will be.
13) 27) dialog: (wide-eyed) Let's not fool ourselves. The police will say Guy wanted Miriam out of the way so he could marry Anne. In a crime of this sort the police first go after the husband, and Guy had every motive. SENATOR
13) 31) dialog: (flatly) If he hasn't an alibi for nine-thirty tonight he has plenty to worry about. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org              50. ANNE
13) 34) text: (relieved) There you are. BARBARA
13) 45) text: (near the breaking point) I'm sick of hearing that word! BARBARA
13) 48) text: I'm afraid there'll be a lot of reporters at your front door in the morning. BARBARA
13) 53) dialog: (flatly) She was a tramp. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org              52. SENATOR
13) 54) text: (pontificially) She was a human being. let me remind you that even the most unworthy of us has the right to life and the pursuit of happiness. BARBARA
13) 58) text: (quickly) Of course, of course.    Back to bed, Barbara.
13) 59) dialog: (ignoring this - to Anne and Guy) Well, you two. Nothing stands in your way now. You can be married right away. Think of it -- you're free!
13) 62) text: (to Barbara) One doesn't always have to say what one thinks! BARBARA
13) 66) dialog: I still think it would be wonderful to have a man love you so much he'd kill for you. (she ducks out)
16) 25) dialog: (flatly) I didn't. They sometimes throw a suspect in the can and keep him there all night. SENATOR
16) 26) text: (after a disapproving glance at Barbara) Sit down, Guy. Sit down.    Give him some coffee, Anne. (MORE)
16) 30) dialog: You mean the professor was boiled? GUY
16) 35) dialog: (somewhat subdued and trying to be comforting) Everything will be all right, Anne. The police were just being thorough -- (she's unsure of herself, and defers to the senator) Weren't they, daddy?
16) 42) text: (turning to them) That's Leslie Hennessy. He works sixteen hours a day. Somebody else takes over for the next eight. (drops the curtain, turns back into room) As a matter of fact, Hennessy's a very nice fellow. BARBARA
16) 52) dialog: (pointing out the window) Escorted by Mr. Hennessy. The are crestfallen again. RANDALL, the manservant, has entered with the telephone. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org               62. RANDALL
19) 29) text: Here's a special delivery, Mr. Haines. It's marked personal. As Guy is opening the envelope, Barbara speaks to him fro atop a library ladder. She is getting a book from one of the top shelves of a bookcase, which is next to a window. BARBARA
19) 32) text: Barbara, who are you waving at?
19) 34) text: No. BARBARA'S VOICE
19) 73) text: He is still watching Bruno talk to the French couple. Guy is unaware of Anne's looks. Suddenly his attention is arrested by the sound of Barbara's voice calling him. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                73. BARBARA'S VOICE
19) 74) text: Guy! He turn his head and CAMERA PANS him to Barbara, who is standing a few steps from the table beckoning to him. BARBARA
19) 79) text: Guy turns back to Barbara.    Barbara looks with interest Bruno. BARBARA
19) 81) text: He's not French.    His name's Antony. Barbara steps toward the table.
19) 82) text: as Barbara joins the group. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org               74. BARBARA
19) 86) text: Delightful to see you. How sweet you look, Miss Barbara.
19) 87) text: BARBARA
19) 88) text: I hope you aren't forgetting our little party on Thursday, Madame. From Bruno's viewpoint, as Barbara speaks,CAMERA MOVES IN CLOSER until to faintest impression of the merry-go-round fills the screen with the effect of whirling around Barba head. Her glasses seem to glint until her eyes are obliterated by the glare.
19) 91) text: But of course. All talk dies out as all eyes turn to Bruno, who is stari at Barbara. Except Anne's, who is saying quietly to Bruno ANNE
19) 92) text: This is my sister Barbara.       Barbara, this is Mr. Antony.
19) 93) text: He does not acknowledge the introduction immediately.   H still staring at Barbara. Then he nods abstractedly. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org               75.
19) 167) text: He is now transfixed. His breathing becomes heavy. A stra expression comes over his face. He still stares off at Barbara.
20) 15) text: Barbara appears in the hallway, coming from the crowded sitting room. She watches the two men go out the front do
20) 17) text: She turns her head and looks up the stairs. Barbara has n quite recovered from her ordeal. She hurries forward to greet Anne who is hurrying down the stairs.
20) 18) text: CAMERA PANS DOWN with Anne as she descends the last few s Barbara enters the picture and the two girls meet at the foot of the stairs.
20) 21) dialog: (still shaken) He looked at me! His hands were on her throat, but, he was strangling me!
20) 25) dialog: He was looking at her first. Then he looked over at me. He went into a sort of trance (shudders) He looked horrible! (reflectively) He thought he was murdering me.
20) 28) dialog: Anne, why me? Why me?   What did I have to do with it? Anne is extremely concerned and thoughtful. Suddenly she gets an idea and with a pat on Barbara's arm, asks hurrie
20) 30) dialog: He went out with that man! Anne hurries to the front door and passes through. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                89.
21) 10) text: Yes. Did you notice how he stared at Barbara that day? GUY
21) 21) text: She looked a lot like Barbara, didn't she? Guy suddenly begins to realize what Anne is getting at. Anne lowers her head, deliberately avoids looking at Guy, she asks: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org       91.
21) 39) text: (sadly) You see, Anne, that's why I didn't want you to know anything about this. I wanted to protect all of you -- your father, Barbara. And now that you know, you're acting guilty, too. ANNE
25) 54) text: Anne joins Barbara in the box.     She starts to whisper something to her.
27) 37) text: Then he is going to Metcalf. But he has to wait until it gets dark -- (with frantic haste, he thinks quickly, then murmurs to Anne) Listen, Anne, as soon as the third set starts, tell Barbara --
30) 2) text: Anne and Barbara sitting in their box watching the play anxiously.
31) 3) text: Anne and Barbara very tense.
31) 13) dialog: (puzzled) I wish understood what this is all about!
35) 14) text: A taxi has pulled up.    Barbara gets out.
35) 17) text: Barbara hurries out of the picture toward the club. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org              123.
36) 0) text: Barbara, very nervous but trying to "act natural", passes Hennessy and Hammond. Hammond's eyes again follow her, bu Hennessy is intent on the game.
36) 1) text: As Barbara joins Anne, she gives her a surreptitious sign by ringing her thumb and forefinger, indicating everythin is set.
37) 5) text: Barbara standing with Hennessy, watching.    We HEAR the
39) 5) text: At an urgent signal from Anne, Barbara hurries out as if knew what she had to do.
39) 8) dialog: (breathlessly)
39) 11) dialog: But Guy is your business.   You'll be with him, won't you?
39) 14) text: Barbara takes it for granted that Hennessy will accept he invitation.
39) 15) dialog: Guy says you love steak -- rare, Medium, or well-done?
39) 20) text: Hennessy and Hammond move off, leaving a dismayed Barbara
46) 121) text: (a pause, then she closes her eyes with heartfelt relief. Another pause, then:) Yes, darling, yes. Of course I'll be there...Goodbye. She hangs up, turns slowly, to face Barbara and her fathe Her expression is one of intense relief. ANNE
46) 122) text: Guy'll be back tomorrow. (overcome with emotion she has difficulty in speaking) He wants me to take him some things. With a sob, Barbara flings herself into Anne's arms. As s cries, Anne strokes her head comfortingly. Then with a ha choked sobs Anne, too, begins to cry. She speaks through her tears, looking over Barbara's shoulder at her father. ANNE