12) 125) text: Hey, here she is! What's the matter with her? Has she fainted? More shouts from the island cause the people at the landi stage to look back.  The boatman's attention is also attracted. Suddenly,  as Bruno is getting out of boat, th is a loud scream from the island.
12) 127) text: (from island) Help! Help! Bruno by this time has stopped onto the landing stage, an in company with the other people, is looking back as if t see what's wrong on the island. Then he moves away, start off of the landing stage. The boatman turns and glances a Bruno, but quickly returns his attention to the disturban across on the island. He hurries forward and with a coupl of men passengers jumps into one of the boats. He calls t his assistant as he gets into the boat. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                37.
12) 128) dialog: Got a cop! The assistant runs off out of the pictures
46) 15) text: The boatman looks at them with an expression of alarm.
46) 19) text: The boatman begins to look along the queue. There is an expression of growing recognition on his face.
46) 21) text: The boatman hurries across to the uniformed man and begin to talk to him excitedly, looking in Bruno's direction.
46) 27) text: The uniformed man and the boatman approaching him.
46) 51) dialog: (excited) There he is! That's the one!    That's the one who killed her!
46) 83) text: Machinery and the lever that was pulled on too fast. The Boatman's hand comes up into the picture and pulls the le over.
46) 91) text: Mr. Turley! Mr. Turley! (indicating boatman) He says this isn't the man we want. (with a nod in Guy's direction) It's the other one -- the one he was fighting with.
46) 113) text: (nods) Okay, Mr. Turley.   Thanks. Turley turns back to the group around Bruno. Guy looks do for a moment at Bruno, then speaks to the boatman, who is standing nearby. GUY
46) 114) text: Can you tell me where there's a telephone? BOATMAN
46) 115) text: (indicating) There's one up near the entrance. (with a look back to the dead Bruno) Who was he, Bud? Guy looks back sympathetically in Bruno's direction, spea without looking at the boatman. GUY