4) 1) text: Oh, excuse Me! CAMERA PULLS BACK AND UP to SHOW two young men seated in parlor car chairs. BRUN0 ANTHONY, the wearer of the sport shoes, is about twenty-five. He wears his expensive cloth with the tweedy nonchalance of a young man who has always had the best. The wearer of the brogues is a fine looking but, at the moment, a somewhat troubled young man. This i GUY HAINES. He, too, is in his middle twenties and is wel dressed because he can now afford to be. He nods politely acknowledging Bruno's apology, then turns away with the gesture implying he wants privacy.
4) 2) dialog: (smiling with sudden recognition) I beg your pardon, but aren't you Guy Haines. Guy nods with a polite half smile. Being a well known tournament tennis player, he has had this sort of experie before.
4) 3) dialog: (snapping his finger) Sure! I saw you blast Faraday right off the court in South Orange last season. What a backhand! Made the semi-finals, didn't you? Guy acknowledges this with a modest nod and turns to his magazine rolled up in is fist.
4) 4) dialog: (with open admiration) I certainly admire people who do things. (smiling and introducing himself) I'm Bruno Anthony. Bruno. See Guy looks up. Bruno indicates his gold tie pin which bears his name in cut- out letters. Guy looks at it with the faintest expression of disdain. I suppose you think it's corny. But my mother gave it to me so of course I wear it to please her. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                3.
4) 6) dialog: (with an apologetic grin) I don't usually talk so much.   Go Ahead and read.
4) 8) dialog: It must be pretty exciting to be so important.
4) 10) dialog: People who do things are important. I never seem to do anything. Not knowing how to answer this, Guy looks a little embarrassed.
4) 11) dialog: (still insistent on being friendly) I suppose you're going to Southampton -- for the doubles.
4) 13) dialog: Wish I could see you play. But I've got to be back in Washington tomorrow. I live in Arlington, you know. He has taken out a cigarette case.   Holds it out to Guy. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org
4) 14) dialog: Cigarette?
4) 16) dialog: I smoke too much. He fumbles for a match.          Guy brings out a lighter it to Bruno.
4) 17) dialog: Thanks. (he stares at the lighter, impressed)
4) 24) dialog: Anne Burton. Sometimes I turn the sport page and look at the society news. And the pictures. She's very beautiful, Senator Burton's daughter.
4) 26) dialog: Yes, I am. Ask me anything, from today's stock reports to Li'l Abner, and I got the answer.
4) 29) text: (sharply) Perhaps you read too much. BRUNO
4) 30) text: (contritely) There I go again. Too friendly. I meet someone I' like and open my yap too wide. I'm sorry... At the appeal on Bruno's face, Guy slowly relents. GUY
4) 31) text: That's all right. Forget it.    I guess I'm pretty jumpy. Bruno smiles with and signals a waiter. BRUNO
4) 33) text: You'll have to drink both of them. BRUNO
4) 35) text: What? BRUNO
4) 37) text: It shouldn't have been. Unless they've legalized bigamy overnight. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org             6. BRUNO
4) 38) text: I have a theory about that. I'd like to tell you about it some time. But right now I suppose divorce Is still the simplest operation. The waiter has brought the drinks. Bruno slips the lighte into hip pocket to free his hands for the bills which he gives to the waiter, waving away the change. He offers a glass to Guy. Guy takes it. GUY
4) 39) text: (as if he needs it) I guess I will. BRUNO
4) 41) text: (forced to explain) As a matter of fact, I'm not going direct. I'm stopping off. At Metcalf. BRUNO
4) 43) text: It's my home town. BRUNO
4) 45) text: (laconically) Close enough. BRUNO
4) 50) text: Thanks just the same, but I really don't think -- BRUNO
4) 52) text: Well, I'll Just have a hamburger and a cup of coffee. BRUNO
5) 0) text: Bruno and Guy are finishing lunch. Bruno has been drinkin and his eyes are bright and feverish. An almost empty liq bottle is near a couple of detective novels covered with gaudily Illustrated dust jackets. Bruno has in unlighted cigarette in his mouth. Guy's lighter is on the table. Bruno snaps it a couple of times, as though fascinated, l his cigarette and puts the lighter on the table again. BRUNO
5) 4) text: You must be imagining things. BRUNO
5) 6) text: (amused by Bruno) Well, what do you want to do? BRUNO
5) 9) dialog: (leaning forward eagerly) I want to do everything. I got a theory you're supposed to do everything before you die. Have you ever driven a car, blindfolded, at a hundred and fifty miles an hour?
5) 11) dialog: I did. I flew in a jet plans too. (his hand traces a swift streak through the air, and he adds sound effects) Zzzzzzzp! Man, that's a thrill! Almost blow the sawdust out of my head. I'm going to make a reservation on the first rocket to the moon...
5) 13) dialog: I'm not like you, Guy. You're lucky. You're smart. Marrying the boss's daughter is a nice short cut to a career, isn't it?
5) 15) dialog: Take it easy, boy. I'm your friend, remember? I'd do anything for you.
5) 19) dialog: What'd you say her name was -- your wife's?
5) 21) dialog: That's it. Miriam Joyce Haines. Played around a lot, I suppose?
5) 23) dialog: (almost hopefully) Maybe she'll make more trouble for you.
5) 25) dialog: You mean you got enough on her to get your divorce no matter what?
5) 27) dialog: Okay, Guy. Want me to tell you one of my ideas for murdering my father?
5) 29) dialog: (going right on) You want to hear about the busted light socket in the bathroom, or the carbon monoxide in the garage?
5) 31) dialog: But not against the law of nature. My theory is that everybody is a potential murderer. Didn't you ever want to kill somebody? Say one of those useless fellows Miriam was running around with?
5) 33) dialog: Oh, what's a life or two? Some people are bitter off dead, Guy. Take your -- wife and my father, for instance. It reminds me of a wonderful idea had once. I used to put myself to sleep at night -- figuring it out. Now, let's say you want to get rid of your wife.
5) 35) dialog: Let's say she refuses to give you a divorce -- (raises a finger and stops Guy's protest) Let's say. You'd be afraid to kill her because you'd get caught. And what would trip you up? Motive. Now here's the plan...
5) 37) dialog: (ignoring the remark) It's so simple, too. A couple of fellows meet accidentally, like you and me. No connection between them at all. Never saw each other before. Each of them has somebody he'd like to get rid of, but he can't murder the person he wants to get rid of. He'll get caught. So they swap murders.
5) 41) dialog: For example, your wife, my father. Criss-cross. GUY
5) 42) text: (sharply) What? BRUNO
5) 44) text: (preparing to leave) Sure, we talk the same language. Thanks for the lunch. BRUNO
5) 46) text: Nice meeting you, Bruno.
5) 47) dialog: (detaining him at the door) You think my theory is okay, Guy? You like it? GUY
5) 48) text: Sure, sure, Bruno. They're all okay. (he salutes a quick goodbye and hurries away) Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                 13 Left alone, Bruno picks up Guy's lighter from the table, starts to call Guy back to hand It to him.Then he looks c at the insignia of crossed tennis rackets.
5) 49) dialog: (smiling) Criss-cross.
12) 0) text: The scene opens on a CLOSEUP OF A MAN'S HANDS. One of the is semi-flexed and turning slowly, The other is receiving the final touches of a manicure. CAMERA PULLS BACK to reveal that these are Bruno's hands, and that, he is studying them moodily, CAMERA PULLS BACK FARTHER to reveal his mother, MRS. ANTHONY, sitting oppos him at a little table in the Anthony living room. She is working with scissors, file and nail buffer. Mrs. Anthony is a gentle, once pretty woman, whose pastel exterior har a tigress-like determination to protect her son, Bruno is his robe and is unshaven. There is evidence of long established wealth in the heavy dark appointments of this room. MRS. ANTHONY
12) 1) text: Since you insisted on a manicure, dear, I do wish you'd keep your hands quiet. You're so restless lately. BRUNO
12) 4) dialog: No, Ma.   They look fine.   Thanks. MRS. ANTHONY
12) 5) text: Then what's the matter? BRUNO
12) 9) text: (anxiously) But you have that 'look'. I can always tell. You haven't got into any more mischief, Bruno? He denies this with a slow, solemn shake of his head. MRS. ANTHONY
12) 10) text: I do hope you've forgotten about that silly little plan of yours? BRUNO
12) 12) text: (smiling) About blowing up the White House? BRUNO
12) 14) text: (laughing gaily) You're a naughty boy, Bruno. But you can always make me laugh. (she rises) Now get shaved, dear, before your father gets home. Bruno's fist crashes down on the little table, upsetting as he gets to his feet. BRUNO
12) 18) text: The painting is a horrible mess. Out of the violence of t pattern a man's face can be discerned, wild-eyed and distorted. We hear laughter from Bruno.
12) 22) text: (to Bruno) They are ready with your call to Southampton, Sir. Bruno's father MR. ANTHONY, purposefully enters the livin room. He an impeccably dressed business man with an uncompromising eye. His entrance momentarily blocks Bruno exit. MRS. ANTHONY
12) 23) text: (to her husband) How nice that you're early, Charles. I'll tell cook.... Bruno now exits into the hall, passing his father without speaking. MR. ANTHONY
12) 24) text: Just a minute, Eunice. (calls after Bruno) Bruno! Come here! I want to talk to you and your mother. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org              24.
12) 26) dialog: (calls back to his father) Sorry father. Long distance. (he picks up the telephone) Hello... CAMERA MOVES IN TO A BIG HEAD CLOSEUP OF BRUNO at the telephone as the Voices of his mother and father can be h from the other room. MR. ANTHONY'S VOICE
12) 28) dialog: (eagerly into phone) Guy? (pause) Bruno, Bruno Anthony. MR. ANTHONY'S VOICE
12) 29) text: You're going to protect him once too often. After all we do have a responsibility to society. Bruno gives a look in his father's direction, before he s into the telephone in a low voice. BRUNO
12) 33) text: BRUNO
12) 34) text: (sotto voce) Bruno, Guy. Bruno Anthony. Don't you remember? On the train. The voices of Mr. and Mrs. Anthony can still be heard in dispute as Bruno listens at phone: MRS. ANTHONY
12) 35) text: I never permit it! Bruno gives a significant look in direction of the living room as he speaks into the phone.
12) 36) dialog: (softly) Are you getting your divorce? MR. ANTHONY'S VOICE
12) 37) text: I tell you he should be sent somewhere for treatment before it's too late. BRUNO
12) 38) text: (into phone, with satisfaction) So she double-crossed you!   Are you going to see her again? The phone clicks in Bruno's ear. He looks hurt for an instant, then replaces the receiver. Bruno listens to his father off scene and his expression becomes more enigmati MR. ANTHONY'S VOICE
12) 39) text: I tell you, Eunice, I'm going to have that boy put away if it's the last thing I do! Bruno looks off in direction of his farther's voice with expression which says, "Crow while you can, you haven't much time." He reaches into his pocket, brings out Guy's cigarette lighter and as he flicks it on and off.
12) 42) text: We see the train come   around the curve. Again this is j the same angle that we   used for Guy. It comes to a stop the foreground and we   see Bruno alight onto the platfor He looks about him for   a moment and then strolls away i direction of the town.    He approaches the row of teleph booths.
12) 43) text: We see Bruno enter the small booth and start to glance th the telephone directory.
12) 44) text: Bruno's finger runs down the names until it stops at: Joyce, Miriam Haines. 2420 Metcalf Avenue.
12) 47) text: Bruno is glancing over the top of the paper.
12) 54) text: Bruno, still glancing over the top of his paper.
12) 55) text: Again from Bruno's viewpoint, we see Miriam's house. At this moment the front door swings open, emitting a long s ot bright light. We see the silhouette of a woman emerge, followed by two other men. They're laughing and joking. Suddenly they look up the street. At this very moment the bus pulls up in front of Bruno's view, cutting off the si of his quarry. The bus comes to a stop.
12) 56) text: Bruno rises in alarm and moves around toward the end of t bus so that he shall not lose sight of the girl coming ou of the house.
12) 60) text: Bruno watches Miriam.
12) 61) text: Miriam comes nearer and nearer to Bruno. With her two companions she brushes past him and jumps onto the bus. CAMERA PANS BRUNO AFTER THEM.
12) 62) text: We see the bus pull up outside the Amusement Park, and th various passengers alight. These include Miriam nd her companions, and Bruno.
12) 67) text: From her viewpoint we see Bruno standing and casually wat her. Other people pass around and in front of him, so tha he is the only immobile figure. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                 29
12) 69) text: As Bruno starts to advance in the direction of Miriam he momentarily held up by a small boy in cowboy uniform carr a gun and a balloon. The small boy points the gun at Brun
12) 74) text: Miriam and her two boy-friends by the sledge hammer conce where the aim is to swing the hammer hard enough down ont its target to ring the bell and register the 100 mark. Mi is in the foreground of the shot. The first boy steps up try his hand. As he swings, Miriam turns and glances abou her, obviously looking for Bruno.
12) 78) text: She looks a little disdainful and again glances around fo Bruno. Looking first to her left where she sees nothing, she then looks to her right, and as she does THE CAMERA P to show Bruno standing right it her shoulder. Miriam give a little start. Bruno smiles at her. With a smirk he walk over and after paying his fee, goes to take up the hammer
12) 79) text: She watches Bruno.
12) 80) text: Bruno looks down at his hands.
12) 81) text: Bruno's two strong hands - as he holds them palms tilted upward and fingers curled in.
12) 82) text: Bruno, as he smiles faintly, glancing across at Miriam.
12) 84) text: With a studied movement, Bruno picks up the handle of the hammer and swings. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org              31.
12) 86) text: Bruno drops the hammer and glances around at Miriam again Her two boy-friends are calling for her from a little distance.
12) 98) text: The horses of the merry-go-round are filling the screen a they whizz by, and again we get the picture of Bruno chas Miriam as they rush past the CAMERA, the music and tempo a high speed.
12) 101) text: Bruno is approaching the pay box.
12) 102) text: Miriam and her companions are escorted to a small boat wi electric motor. Once they are seated the boat chugs away from the landing stage and off into the darkness. Bruno steps into the foreground and gets into the next bo which floats alongside. He, too, moves away into the darkness.
12) 107) text: (squealing) George, stop it, I tell you! Their boat moves out of the picture, toward the island. Presently Bruno's boat comes smilingly following and he, too, moves on out of the picture. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                 34
12) 108) text: The group of Miriam and her companions are scrambling out their boat and moving onto the island, one of the boys tr the boat on the shore. They disappear into the Woods of t island. Again Bruno's boat comes into the picture. He steps out, lift the prow of the boat a little onto the shore.
12) 112) text: Oh! She gives a coy smile of recognition. CAMERA   PULLS BACK reveal the mad and shoulders of Bruno between  Miriam and camera. His hand holds Guy's lighter which he   flicks on he raises it above Miriam's face. 0f Bruno, we  see only back of his head and shoulders. BRUNO
12) 114) text: (with surprise) Why yes. How did you -- Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                 35 We see Bruno's gloved hands dart quickly to Miriam's thro The lighter falls down out of picture, and as Bruno's han grip her throat, his head moves slightly to blot out Miri face. His head moves a bit farther until Miriam's face is nearly uncovered at the other side of the screen, and we her glasses fall off.
12) 117) text: Miriam's head drops into the picture by the glasses. Bruno's hand comes into the picture and picks up the glas One of the lenses has been broken by Miriam's fall. As we see Bruno's sport shoes move away, the CAMERA MOVES PAST MIRIAM'S HEAD until it comes to Guy's lighter presse into the earth.
12) 118) text: Bruno glances back over his shoulder.   He looks down and goes back one or two steps.
12) 119) text: Bruno's hands retrieve the lighter from the ground.
12) 120) text: We see a full view of the island again, with the amusemen park beyond. The faint noise of the calliope continues in the distance. Bruno has been lost to view. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                  3 Miriam's companions are still searching for her.   We hea their faint voices in the distance.
12) 122) text: Bruno comes to the shore where his boat is moored. He get in and is quickly chugging away. He moves calmly, matter- fact and not furtively.
12) 123) text: Bruno's boat throbbing its way across toward the landing stage.
12) 124) text: There are two boats unloading. Bruno's boat is approachin We hear a loud call from the island. Someone has found Miriam. VOICES
12) 125) text: Hey, here she is! What's the matter with her? Has she fainted? More shouts from the island cause the people at the landi stage to look back.  The boatman's attention is also attracted. Suddenly,  as Bruno is getting out of boat, th is a loud scream from the island.
12) 127) text: (from island) Help! Help! Bruno by this time has stopped onto the landing stage, an in company with the other people, is looking back as if t see what's wrong on the island. Then he moves away, start off of the landing stage. The boatman turns and glances a Bruno, but quickly returns his attention to the disturban across on the island. He hurries forward and with a coupl of men passengers jumps into one of the boats. He calls t his assistant as he gets into the boat. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                37.
12) 129) text: As Bruno calmly threads his way along the midway, we hear above the noise of the various concessions, a shrill poli whistle in the distance. Presently a couple of policemen comes running from direction of the main entrance and pas Bruno. He glances at them over his shoulder, then strolls on toward the main entrance to the park.
12) 157) text: After a moment a figure steps out of the darkness. It is Bruno. He steps back into the darkness again as Guy comes up to him.
12) 158) text: Guy frowning in puzzlement as he looks at Bruno.
12) 159) dialog: (cheerfully) Hello, Guy.
12) 161) dialog: (a little sadly) You don't seem very pleased to see me, Guy. Guy stands without answering.
12) 162) dialog: (pleased again) I brought you a little present.
12) 164) text: Guy's hands taking Miriam's glasses from Bruno.    One of lenses is broken. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                41.
12) 165) text: As Guy takes the glasses he looks at Bruno in bewildermen
12) 167) dialog: Recognize them?
12) 168) text: He looks down at the glasses, mystified.   He looks up ag to Bruno.
12) 170) dialog: It was very quick, Guy. She wasn't hurt in any way. It was all over in no time.
12) 171) text: He is horrified. He looks swiftly down at the glasses in his hand, then back to Bruno.
12) 174) dialog: I was very careful. Even when I dropped your lighter there, I went right back to it up. If It'd been found, it would have ruined our whole scheme, wouldn't it?
12) 176) text: (looks at Guy with astonishment) But, Guy, you wanted it! We planned it on the train together, remember? Guy suddenly starts to go.   Bruno grabs his arm. BRUNO
12) 178) text: Where do you think I'm going? I'm going to call the police, of course. BRUNO
12) 180) text: We'd both be arrested for murder? BRUNO
12) 182) text: (suddenly angry) You crazy fool! You think you can get away with that? BRUNO
12) 183) text: (a little hurt) Oh, come now, Guy. Why should I go to Metcalf and kill a total stranger, unless it was part of the plan and you were in on it? You're the one that benefits, Guy. You're a free man. I didn't even know the girl. Guy makes a move to leave, but Bruno holds on tight. GUY
12) 184) text: Let me go, Bruno. I had nothing to do with this and the police will believe me. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                43.
12) 185) dialog: (concerned) If you go to the police now, you'll just be turning yourself in as in accessory. You see, you have the motive. At this moment both turn at a sound across the street.
12) 187) dialog: What is it?
12) 189) dialog: (amused) Someone has some news for you, Guy. Guy still stares across the street.
12) 191) text: Bruno pulls Guy back further into the shadows. Guy instinctively flattens himself against the wall. He looks across the street again.
12) 194) dialog: Tell them you know about it already, Guy. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                  4
12) 195) text: He looks across at the police, then down at himself with some surprise and disgust, then over at Bruno, suddenly conscious he is behaving like a criminal and that Bruno i responsible for his predicament.
12) 197) dialog: Don't you call me that. Bruno's flare of anger dies.   They both look again acros the street.
12) 200) dialog: You must be tired, Guy. I know I am. I've sure had a strenuous evening. Guy looks at him, almost numb.
12) 201) dialog: Now look, Guy, about my father. I have the plans made. Two plans. A plan of the grounds and a plan of the house. I have in old Luger I bought at a pawn shop in San Francisco. My father -- Guy turns and starts to move in across the street.
12) 202) text: Bruno follows Guy and we FOLLOW them across the street. CAMERA ON THEIR BACKS. Guy strides ahead to the house. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                45. BRUNO
12) 205) text: (sadly) You're not yourself, Guy. You're tired. When you think things over, you'll see I'm right. Tomorrow -- Guy opens his door, turns on Bruno. GUY
12) 206) text: (with finality) I don't know you. I never saw you before. I never want to see you again. He goes in and slams the door in Bruno's face. BRUNO
16) 55) dialog: His face wears the most affable expression. BRUNO
16) 56) text: Hello, Guy. I tried your apartment, but -- (pause) Why, Guy, this is Bruno!
18) 7) text: The tiny figure of a man is standing at the base of the t white column. The figure lifts in arm and waves. Instinct tells us that this is Bruno. Hennessy is still mumbling h opinion of politics. HENNESSY'S VOICE
18) 9) text: Guy turns his back on Bruno's figure and looks franticall toward to street, wanting to get away. HENNESSY
18) 15) text: from Guy's viewpoint, shot through the cab window. Again see the solitary figure of Bruno looking after Guy and beginning to recede with the background as the cab starts off.
19) 11) dialog: (softly)
19) 12) text: Guy! Anne stops and looks back. Guy knows who it is and would not turn but that he is forced to by Anne's action. He ta a few steps towards Bruno.
19) 13) text: Anne watches Guy approach this stranger.   She looks down at Bruno's tie pin.
19) 14) text: Bruno's tie pin, bearing his name, gleams in the light.
19) 16) text: Guy comes up to Bruno, steps in front of him. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                67.
19) 18) dialog: But Guy, you haven't called me. My father's leaving for Florida the end of this week --
19) 20) dialog: (brushing this off) Oh, they can't have anything on you. (looking past Guy) Isn't that Anne Burton? Slight improvement over Miriam -- eh, Guy?
19) 54) text: As Guy casually knocks the ball across the net, he glance again toward Bruno.
19) 56) text: Perplexed and apprehensive as to what Bruno may be up to. He hears his opponent's voice.
19) 63) text: Guy, darling -- this is Mr. Antony -- a friend of Monsieur and Madame Darville... (to Bruno) Guy Haines.
19) 64) text: He gives a weak acknowledgment in Bruno's direction, real that Bruno has wormed his way into the group and that he must accept the introduction. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                72.
19) 65) text: Bruno half rises, smiles affably at Guy, reaches out his hand. Guy is forced to shake hands with him
19) 66) dialog: I've been a fan of yours for a long time, Mr. Haines. In fact, I follow everything you do.
19) 69) text: In response to the Frenchwoman's attentive and eager expression, Bruno leans forward on the table and starts s something more in extremely fluent French.
19) 70) text: She is staring at Bruno with a new expression.
19) 73) text: He is still watching Bruno talk to the French couple. Guy is unaware of Anne's looks. Suddenly his attention is arrested by the sound of Barbara's voice calling him. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                73. BARBARA'S VOICE
19) 77) text: He gives a sharp look back toward Bruno. There is more laughter coming from the French couple at the table.
19) 78) text: Bruno is occupied with his French joke, but Anne is looki at Guy strangely.
19) 79) text: Guy turns back to Barbara.    Barbara looks with interest Bruno. BARBARA
19) 84) text: Bruno stops in the middle of some French to stare at Barb Her voice continues.
19) 88) text: I hope you aren't forgetting our little party on Thursday, Madame. From Bruno's viewpoint, as Barbara speaks,CAMERA MOVES IN CLOSER until to faintest impression of the merry-go-round fills the screen with the effect of whirling around Barba head. Her glasses seem to glint until her eyes are obliterated by the glare.
19) 91) text: But of course. All talk dies out as all eyes turn to Bruno, who is stari at Barbara. Except Anne's, who is saying quietly to Bruno ANNE
19) 94) text: She is looking at Bruno, wondering what mystery lies behi this strange individual and why he and Guy have disclaime any previous acquaintance.
19) 99) text: Dear Guy -- Just two more days left. We must get together for final details. The note, in Bruno's handwriting, is unsigned.
19) 118) text: As Bruno comes in her direction, Anne's expression shows mystification and concern about Bruno's presence and abou Guy's attitude toward him.
19) 119) text: Bruno comes up to Anne and the Senator. He gives a slight bow to the Senator; then puts his hand out to Anne.
19) 120) dialog: Good evening, Miss Burton. The Senator looks inquiringly.    Anne makes the introduc
19) 123) dialog: I'd like to talk to you sometime, Senator, about my idea of harnessing the life force. It will make atomic power look like the horse and buggy. (the Senator and Anne are beginning to look at him in amazement) I'm already developing my faculty for seeing millions of miles. And, Senator, can you imagine being able to smell a flower on the planet of Mars? I'd like to lunch with you some day soon and tell you more about it. Interrupted by new arrivals, Bruno moves away out of the picture, with a charming smile to Anne. The Senator greets the new guests with open mouth and sim shakes their hands while glancing off in direction of the departing Bruno. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                 79
19) 129) text: She looks off in Bruno's direction extremely disturbed at this new aspect of the mysterious stranger.
19) 130) text: He is watching Bruno.
19) 131) text: Guy sees Bruno join a group of several ladies who are sea on a settee and a couple of older men who are standing by A waiter comes along with a tray of drinks. Bruno takes one.
19) 134) text: Bruno talking to an elderly, dignified gentlemen. BRUNO
19) 136) text: Young man, when a murderer is caught, he must be tried. When he is convicted, he must be sentenced. When he is sentenced to death, he must be executed. BRUNO
19) 138) text: So it is. Besides, it doesn't happen every day. At this moment, Anne comes into the scene.    She hesitat she hears Bruno's answer. BRUNO
19) 139) text: So few murderers are caught. The Judge moves out of the way. Bruno smiles blandly at t ladies. One of them speaks to him. MRS. CUNNINGHAM
19) 140) text: Well, Mr. Antony, you seem very interested in the subject of murder. Anne looks more troubled, then moves on out of the scene. BRUNO
19) 143) dialog: (his tone is teasing) Oh, come now, everyone's interested in that. Everyone would like to put someone out of the way. Now surely, Madame, you're not going to tell me that there hasn't been a time when you wanted to dispose of someone. Your husband, for instance.
19) 145) dialog: (playfully) Ah ah! (shaking a finger    at her) Are you sure? Do you  mean to tell me there wasn't a tiny moment - when you'd been made really angry? And what did you say?
19) 147) dialog: There you are, you see! There you are! All right, now you're going -- to do a murder. How are you going to do it? This is the fascinating part -- how are you going to do it...I didn't get your name?
19) 149) dialog: Mrs. Cunningham, how are you going to do it?
19) 151) dialog: (shakes his head) Tssk, tssk. Oh no, Mrs. Cunningham. (MORE)
19) 152) text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org       82. BRUNO (CONT'D)
19) 154) text: What about a little poison? BRUNO
19) 159) dialog: (looks at her deprecatingly) And then have to walk all that way home? Mrs. Anderson laughs. BRUNO
19) 162) dialog: (he raises his hands toward Mrs. Cunningham's throat, then stops a moment to ask) You don't mind if I borrow your neck for a moment do you? MRS. CUNNINGHAM
19) 163) text: (giggles) Well, it's not for long. BRUNO
19) 172) text: Bruno's wrists and hands and the neck of his victim. We c just see Mrs. Cunningham's chin at the top of the screen. Her head is tossing from side to side. Her hands are clutching at Bruno's wrists. The hands of the other two women, also in the picture, are pulling at Bruno's wrists Mrs. Cunningham's hands begin to slide off. Her head drop back. Over this we HEAR cries of: VOICES
19) 176) text: The Senator and Guy rush into the picture. They look at t fallen Bruno. They search around for an explanation. Othe man come in ad they start to pick Bruno up. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org              85.
19) 178) text: Anne rushes into the picture. She sees Bruno being helped to his feet; then turns her attention to Mrs. Cunningham, who has now somewhat recovered. Mrs. Cunningham is helped to the settee. There is a babble of women's voices trying to explain what has happened.
20) 0) text: Bruno is stretched out on a settee. He is completely out. His collar and tie are open. Two or three of the male gue are just leaving the room. The Senator remains behind for moment with Guy.
20) 5) text: Bruno is now half awake. Almost without seeing Guy, he staggers to his feet and begins to make his way to the do Guy advances, and with a sharp thrust, pushes Bruno back the settee. Bruno looks and sees Guy clearly for the first time. BRUNO
20) 6) text: What happened? I was on a merry-go- round somewhere. It made me dizzy. Guy moves forward, and thrusting his hand in Bruno's open shirt, pulls him to his feet. Bruno ignores Guy's violenc and remain puzzled. GUY
20) 8) dialog: But, Guy -- Guy smashes Bruno in the jaw, in utter disgust, and knock him back onto the settee. Bruno looks up from his sprawle position, a dull look in his eye. BRUNO
20) 10) text: (subsiding) Come on -- pull yourself together. Do your tie up. Bruno staggers to his feet. He fumbles at his collar. he crosses to him, CAMERA MOVES IN to a CLOSER SHOT. GUY
20) 11) text: Here -- let me. He fixes Bruno's shirt and collar together and quickly ti his white bow. Bruno stands swaying like a small boy as G does this. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                 87 CAMERA PANS WITH THEM as Guy starts to escort Bruno from room.
20) 13) dialog: (mumbling) Driver's outside. They pass trough door into the hallway.
20) 16) text: Bruno and Guy going out the front door. The man-servant does not close it immediately, so we are able to HEAR the call for Mr. Antony's car.
21) 7) text: Anne nods off in the direction of the departed Bruno and speaks in a desperate, low voice.
21) 35) text: (bitterly) And have them say what you did -- "Mr. Haines, how did you get him to do it?" And Bruno would say we'd planed it together. ANNE
21) 49) text: Bruno? Yes, yes, it's Guy...I've decided to do what you want. I'll make that little visit to father.... (listens a moment) Tonight. (listens another moment) Yes, I want to get this thing over with, can you leave the house again, Bruno? (pause) You'd better stay out till daylight. Guy hangs up, rises and starts to move with purpose for h night's activities.
24) 13) dialog: Yes, Mr. Haines?
24) 15) text: Bruno rises from the bed and sits on the and of it. He is fully dressed, just as he was at the party, in white tie tails.
24) 16) dialog: (politely) My father isn't home tonight, Mr. Haines. (smiles grimly at Guy's surprise) I was about to tell you that over the phone. But you came to such a sudden decision. I wondered why.
24) 18) dialog: Then a I correct, Mr. Haines, in assuming that you have no intention of going ahead with our arrangement?
24) 20) dialog: I see. You won't have any further use for the key, then, Mr. Haines. (he holds out his hand and Guy gives him the key) Thank you very such. As Bruno continues to stare at him, Guy takes out the Lug For a moment a look of fear comes into Bruno's face as he thinks Guy will probably shoot him. After a pause, Guy to the gun on the bed.
24) 23) text: Guy's arguments have made no impression on Bruno whatsoev He fingers the gun.
24) 24) dialog: I don't like to be doublecrossed.
24) 26) dialog: I have a murder on my conscience, but it's not my murder, Mr. Haines -- it's yours. And as you're the one to profit, I think you should be the one to pay for it. For an instant his nervous hands seem to be struggling wi the urge to kill Guy.
24) 28) text: Guy walks toward the stairs, tense and apprehensive. Brun is following him, still holding the gun. When the Great Dane sees Bruno it gets to its feet, as if waiting for a command. Guy starts down the stairs but Bruno stays where he is, t dog beside him. Gay turns and looks back it this tableaux of menace.
24) 29) dialog: Don't worry. I'm not going to shoot you, Mr. Haines. It might disturb mother. (with a feeling of power) I'm a very clever follow. I'll think of something better than that. Much better.
24) 30) text: Bruno remains in the foreground of the scene as Guy proce on down the stairs. We see him open the front door and pa through.
25) 15) text: (drawing herself up with some hauteur) Did Bruno tell you this? ANNE
25) 19) text: (she sighs and rises, winding it up) Well, Miss Burton, it was very nice of you to call. You must excuse me now. I must get back to my painting. Do you care for painting, Miss Burton? I find it so soothing. (shakes Anne's hand) You must come again sometime. She goes out. Anne is left helpless, standing in the midd of the room. She picks up her purse and is about to go wh she hears a voice: BRUNO'S VOICE
25) 20) text: Oh, Miss Burton! Anne turns back in direction of the voice. CAMERA   PULLS BACK until we can see the feet of Bruno protruding  from a chair in which he is sitting. He has obviously   heard entire conversation between Anne and his mother.   Bruno He is in dressing gown and pajamas.
25) 21) dialog: I'm afraid mother wasn't very helpful, was she? (he strolls toward Anne) You know she hasn't been well for a long time. She's a little -- how shall I say -- confused. (shakes his head commiseratingly) Poor mother. Anne is too stunned to speak. BRUNO
25) 23) text: Guy doesn't know I'm here, Mr. Antony. BRUNO
25) 24) text: He's been leading you up the garden path, I'm afraid. He must be very desperate to try to involve me. I've been protecting him ever since we had that conversation on the train and he told me how he hated his wife. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                103 Bruno is now standing near the   window a little apart fr Anne, with his back to him. He    takes something out of pocket of his dressing gown and   looks down at it in his It is Guy's lighter.  Suddenly   he stuffs it back his po and turn back to Anne. BRUNO
25) 25) text: Why, do you know, Miss Burton, he tried to get me to go back to the island one night after dark and pick up his lighter so the police wouldn't find it? He dropped it there, you know, when -- well, that night. Anne's horror is growing. BRUNO
25) 26) text: The whole thing's been worrying me so much. But of course I couldn't do it, Miss Burton. It would have been too risky. And besides, it would have made me an accessory. Anne stares at this insane man and sinks on the settee. starts to cry in sheer frustration. Bruno goes to her sympathetically. BRUNO
25) 27) text: Miss Burton, I know how you feel. He puts his hand on her shoulder. Anne flings it off. The is an awkward pause as Bruno looks down at her. Then he begins to look around restlessly. BRUNO
25) 42) text: (getting a thought) Didn't Bruno say that I wanted him together there one night after dark?
26) 0) text: A taxi is at the front door. Bruno is descending the step He gets into the cab, which moves off.
27) 1) text: Bruno is sitting with in unlighted cigarette in his mouth CAMERA MOVES IN until he is in big CLOSEUP. His eyes look down.  There is the SOUND of a click, then, Guy's lighter comes up into the picture held against the cigarette.
27) 13) text: That's just it. I don't know. It's Bruno. I talked to him, Guy -- Guy stares at her, takes a quick look toward the stadium, then gives Anne his full attention. ANNE
27) 15) text: (shaking his head) He'd drag himself into it, -- and Bruno loves Bruno. I'm all right so long as he thinks I have an alibi for that night. (noticing the stricken look on Anne is face) He knows? Anne nods slowly.
27) 17) text: Guy, has he anything that the police could trace to you -- (quoting Bruno) Any little thing. GUY
28) 0) text: A taxi is at the front door. Bruno is descending the step He gets into the cab, which moves off.
29) 1) text: Bruno is sitting with an  unlighted cigarette in his mout CAMERA MOVES IN until he  is in big CLOSEUP. His eyes loo down.  There is the SOUND  of a click, then Guy's lighter comes up into the picture  held against the cigarette.
30) 12) text: Mr. Haines wins the first set. EXT. UNION STATION WASHINGTON D.C. We see Bruno get out of a cab and pass into the depot.
30) 20) text: Bruno looks up with satisfaction.
31) 0) text: Bruno is now seated in his accustomed place in the club c His gloved fingers are quietly toying with Guy's lighter. passenger next to him asks:
33) 0) text: We see Bruno alight from the train.    He makes his way i direction of the town.
33) 1) text: As Bruno comes toward us, he stands on   the sidewalk and takes the lighter from his pocket once   more. At this mo a hurrying passenger on his way to the   depot accidental jogs Bruno's elbow. The lighter flies    from his hand.
34) 0) text: Bruno is leading a porter toward the grating, pulling him the arm. They reach the drain. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org         120. BRUNO
34) 2) text: (peering down) Down here? BRUNO
34) 4) text: What's the trouble? BRUNO
34) 7) dialog: (horrified) Storm drain? FIRST PASSERBY
34) 9) text: Don't they have a trap down there -- like under a sink? BRUNO
34) 15) dialog: I don't want to relax. He goes on his knees and forces his arm down the drain.
35) 10) text: A few more passersby have stopped to watch Bruno, whose a is pushed through the grating.
35) 11) text: Bruno's face -- straining.
35) 12) text: Under the grating Bruno's hand is groping.   His fingers a long way from the lighter.
37) 0) text: A LOW SHOT ON Bruno bent over the grating and the onlooke behind him.
37) 2) text: Under the grating, Bruno's fingers get near the lighter, in their groping, they knock the lighter off the ledge, o the ledge below.
37) 3) text: Bruno's horror-stricken face. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                 12
38) 0) text: ANGLE SHOOTING THROUGH the grating at CLOSEUP BRUNO'S HEA AND SHOULDERS staining. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org              126.
38) 1) text: Under the grating, Bruno's fingers go lower and lower, straining to reach the lighter, which is still a few inch out of reach.
42) 0) text: CLOSEUP BRUN0'S FACE - ANGLE SHOOTING UP to get the peeri faces behind him. Bruno still frantically trying to reach the lighter.
42) 1) text: Under the grating Bruno's fingers slowly closing in on th lighter. They barely manage to grasp it.
42) 3) text: Bruno's fist, holding the lighter, comes through the grat
42) 4) text: Bruno straightens up. CAMERA BACK as all the onlookers tu their heads in his direction.
44) 0) text: Bruno is looking at his watch and then across at the sky.
45) 1) text: Bruno leaves his spot at the side of the tent and ambles over toward the queue of people waiting for boats.
46) 20) text: Bruno sees this, makes a decision and casually deserts th queue of people.
46) 21) text: The boatman hurries across to the uniformed man and begin to talk to him excitedly, looking in Bruno's direction.
46) 22) text: Coming along and looking for Bruno.    His eyes light up. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                 13
46) 24) text: calls to Bruno.
46) 28) text: Bruno hurries on.    He stop short as he sees.
46) 30) text: Bruno starts to run.
46) 32) text: Bruno is seen to jump on a merry-go-round, which is just starting. Its pace is already pretty fast.
46) 33) text: Guy runs toward Bruno. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                 13
46) 36) text: Guy jumps on the merry-go-round after Bruno.   Its speed so great that he nearly gets flung off.
46) 42) text: Bruno at the far side is trying to jump off, but it's goi too fast.
46) 46) text: As Guy comes near to Bruno, the latter turns on him and s to attack him.
46) 47) dialog: I want to get off of here! Let me off of here! It makes me dizzy.
46) 60) text: Bruno swings around till his back is to us. He pushes Guy toward the edge, but Guy manages to grab the rein of the nearest horse. The momentum of the machine swings Guy aro against the horse, whose big head towers in the f.g. Brun on this side of the horse pushes forward and tries to gra the reins from Guy's hand. He tries to slash at Guy's fac The back of Bruno's head is toward us during this. Guy suddenly leans out across the horse and smashes his fist against Bruno's face. Bruno's head goes back until it is the f.g. in a upside-down position. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org              138.
46) 61) text: THE CAMERA IS LOW so that we get the effect of Bruno fall into the CAMERA from Guy's blow!
46) 62) text: In the f.g. is a young boy of four years. He is excited b the speed of the ride and laughs at the fight with great enjoyment. He sees this by suddenly glancing over his shoulder. In the b.g. Guy and Bruno are continuing their fight. Bruno rises. Guy staggers after him. Bruno again leaps upon Guy. The two men sway toward the CAMERA until Bruno gets alongside the little boy. The boy now shows so anxiety. The three figures now fill the screen with the horses' heads in the f.g. Bruno is forced against the lit boy, who now, alarmed, beats Bruno on the cheek with one hand, the other holding onto the brass rail in front. Bru stops and with a sweep of his arm, knocks the little boy the horse onto the floor below. The little boy, in fallin grabs the horse's rein or stirrup.
46) 63) text: Guy breaks away from Bruno and dives around the back of t horse to grab the little boy.
46) 64) text: As Guy grabs the boy, he staggers forward with him to a s gondola. Bruno leaps onto his back but Guy manages to put the boy in the gondola.
46) 78) text: Bruno edges himself toward Guy. He is hanging on to the reins of a horse. His feet manage to roach Guy's knuckles
46) 97) text: as Guy and Turley enter to the  spot where Bruno is pinne under the overturned machine.   He is caught between two the horses, the head of one of  them across his chest. Br head sags back somewhat, but is  resting on pieces of deb A uniformed policeman looks up  from Bruno to Turley: POLICEMAN
46) 98) text: This one's in a pretty bad way, Mr. Turley. Guy is shocked at the sight of Bruno. GUY
46) 99) text: (looking down at Bruno) Can't you get that stuff off him? POLICEMAN
46) 100) text: No, they've done everything they can until the crane comes. Bruno opens his eyes and sees Guy.
46) 101) dialog: Hello, Guy. Turley has leaned forward to look at the helpless Bruno.
46) 102) dialog: (weakly nodding at Turley) Who's that? GUY
46) 103) text: This is Mr. Turley, Chief of Police. BRUNO
46) 104) text: (with a half smile) So they got you at last, eh, Guy? Guy looks around desperately, frustrated for a moment as Turley eyes him stonily. Then he turns again to Bruno. GUY
46) 105) text: (rather gently) Can you talk a little? Can you tell the chief you have my lighter? Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org              144. BRUNO
46) 107) text: (looking down at Bruno) I think he's going. Turley leans over to look.
46) 108) text: As Bruno is dying, his closed fist slowly starts to open. DETECTIVE'S VOICE
46) 109) text: He's finished. Guy's lighter is now revealed in Bruno's open hand.
46) 110) text: Turley takes the lighter from the dead Bruno's hand. Guy watching him. Turley straightens up and holds the lighter out to him. TURLEY
46) 111) text: Is this your lighter, Haines? Guy nods without speaking, and with a half look in Bruno' direction. TURLEY
46) 113) text: (nods) Okay, Mr. Turley.   Thanks. Turley turns back to the group around Bruno. Guy looks do for a moment at Bruno, then speaks to the boatman, who is standing nearby. GUY
46) 115) text: (indicating) There's one up near the entrance. (with a look back to the dead Bruno) Who was he, Bud? Guy looks back sympathetically in Bruno's direction, spea without looking at the boatman. GUY
46) 116) text: Bruno. Bruno Antony. (reminiscently and a little compassionately, remembering what Bruno had said of himself) A very clever fellow. He moves off through the crowd.