5) 0) text: Bruno and Guy are finishing lunch. Bruno has been drinkin and his eyes are bright and feverish. An almost empty liq bottle is near a couple of detective novels covered with gaudily Illustrated dust jackets. Bruno has in unlighted cigarette in his mouth. Guy's lighter is on the table. Bruno snaps it a couple of times, as though fascinated, l his cigarette and puts the lighter on the table again. BRUNO
13) 44) text: Not quite. Detectives play a game called Motive, Motive, Who'd got the Motive. ANNE
16) 0) text: CAPTAIN TURLEY is conscientious, methodical and always po He puts aside photographs and records and rises from behi his desk as Guy comes in. A detective lieutenant, CAMPBEL is attending a coffee maker. Their expressions are grave contrast with Guy's confident attitude after seeing the professor in the waiting room.
30) 3) text: At the entrance to the covered stand. The two detectives Hennessy and Hammond, are watching. Hammond is bored by this game.
44) 6) text: He puts his head in the side window and tells the two wai detectives where Guy has gone.
46) 9) text: Guy passes the waiting detective and looks off.    From h viewpoint we see:
46) 11) text: One detective turns away and starts to follow Guy.
46) 14) dialog: (to boatman) The killer is here tonight. So keep your eyes open and the minute you see him, let us know.
46) 35) dialog: Haines!   Hold it! Hold it! The detective pulls out his gun and starts to run after G
46) 37) text: The detective fires at Guy.
46) 40) text: The detective, after Guy, jumps on the machine but is flu off on his back.
46) 54) text: A detective turns to the group around hIm. DETECTIVE
46) 56) text: I'll handle it. Immediately the workman heads straight for the merry-go-r and starts to crawl under it on his stomach. DETECTIVE
46) 57) text: (calls after him) Hey! Be careful! Stop! A second detective speaks to him quizzically. 2ND DETECTIVE
46) 58) text: Well, do you want to do it yourself? The first detective leans over and looks off toward the workman who is continuing his slithering way under the machine, then straightens up. 1ST DETECTIVE
46) 93) text: No, I didn't, sir. I've never seen this man before in my life. I meant the other one. The detective who was holding Guy instinctively relax his hold on Guy's arm. Turley turns to Guy, puzzled. TURLEY
46) 96) dialog: Over here. He leads the way.   They follow. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                 14
46) 106) text: (with a faint, quizzical smile) I haven't got it. It's still on the island where you left it. Guy looks around helplessly to Turley, who looks back at suspiciously. DETECTIVE
46) 108) text: As Bruno is dying, his closed fist slowly starts to open. DETECTIVE'S VOICE