4) 1) text: Oh, excuse Me! CAMERA PULLS BACK AND UP to SHOW two young men seated in parlor car chairs. BRUN0 ANTHONY, the wearer of the sport shoes, is about twenty-five. He wears his expensive cloth with the tweedy nonchalance of a young man who has always had the best. The wearer of the brogues is a fine looking but, at the moment, a somewhat troubled young man. This i GUY HAINES. He, too, is in his middle twenties and is wel dressed because he can now afford to be. He nods politely acknowledging Bruno's apology, then turns away with the gesture implying he wants privacy.
4) 5) dialog: (patiently)(a faint smile) How do you do.
4) 7) dialog: (wryly) Thanks. Guy tries to read but is uneasily aware of Bruno's open appraisal.
4) 9) dialog: (fidgeting slightly) A tennis player isn't so important.
4) 12) dialog: (politely) You are a tennis fan. Bruno is inordinately pleased by this small tribute.
4) 15) dialog: Not now, thanks.          I don't smoke much.
4) 21) text: Guy reacts sharply.
4) 22) dialog: (coldly)
4) 25) dialog: You're quite a reader, Mr. Anthony.
4) 28) text: Even news about people I don't know. Like who'd like to marry whom when his wife gets her divorce. GUY
4) 30) text: (contritely) There I go again. Too friendly. I meet someone I' like and open my yap too wide. I'm sorry... At the appeal on Bruno's face, Guy slowly relents. GUY
4) 32) text: There's a new cure for that. (to waiter) Scotch and plain water. A pair. Double. (to Guy with a chuckle) Only kind of doubles I play. GUY
4) 34) text: (grinning) And I can do it. (moving in) When's the wedding? GUY
4) 36) text: The wedding. You and Anne Burton. (a gesture of explanation) It was in the papers. GUY
4) 38) text: I have a theory about that. I'd like to tell you about it some time. But right now I suppose divorce Is still the simplest operation. The waiter has brought the drinks. Bruno slips the lighte into hip pocket to free his hands for the bills which he gives to the waiter, waving away the change. He offers a glass to Guy. Guy takes it. GUY
4) 40) text: (happily) This is wonderful -- having your company all the way to New York. GUY
4) 42) text: Metcalf? What would anybody want to go there for? GUY
4) 44) text: Oh, I get it! A little talk with your wife to about the divorce! I suppose she was the girl next door. Held her hand in high school and before you knew it -- hooked! (proud of his perspicacity) Am I right? GUY
4) 46) text: (raises his glass) Well, here's luck, Guy. Drink up -- then we'll have some lunch sent to my compartment. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                7. GUY
4) 49) text: (pleased) See? You'll have to lunch with me. (motions the waiter back) Say, waiter, bring me some lamb chops and French fries and chocolate ice cream, Compartment D, Car 121. (turns to Guy) What'll you have, Guy? GUY
4) 51) text: Oh, go on and order. The waiter is hovering impatiently.   Guy gives in out of embarrassment. GUY
4) 53) text: (delighted, lifts his glass in another toast) To the next Mrs. Haines. Guy nods curtly.
5) 0) text: Bruno and Guy are finishing lunch. Bruno has been drinkin and his eyes are bright and feverish. An almost empty liq bottle is near a couple of detective novels covered with gaudily Illustrated dust jackets. Bruno has in unlighted cigarette in his mouth. Guy's lighter is on the table. Bruno snaps it a couple of times, as though fascinated, l his cigarette and puts the lighter on the table again. BRUNO
5) 1) text: Sure, I went to college. Three of them. Every time they kicked me out my father threw me back in. (bitterly) He finally gave up. He thinks I'm awfully small fry, not worth the bait. (wistfully) You my friend, Guy?
5) 2) dialog: Sure.   I'm your friend, Bruno. BRUNO
5) 3) text: (a little woozy) No, you're not, nobody thinks I'm anything special. Only my mother. (empties the bottle into his glass) My father hates me. Guy smiles this off as nonsense. GUY
5) 5) text: (hitting the bottom of the bottle for the last drop) And I hate him. He thinks   I ought to catch the eight-five bus  every morning, punch a timeclock  and work my way up selling paint or  something. Him -- with all his money! GUY
5) 8) dialog: (chuckling) Before, of course.
5) 10) dialog: Not lately.
5) 12) dialog: (amused and curious) What are you trying prove?
5) 14) dialog: (quickly) Marrying the senator's daughter has nothing to do with it. Can't a fellow look past a tennis not without being a goldbricker?
5) 16) dialog: (humoring Bruno) Sure, Bruno, sure. (MORE)
5) 20) dialog: Miriam.
5) 22) dialog: Let's not talk about it any more.
5) 24) dialog: I don't think so.
5) 26) dialog: Let's change subject, Bruno, can't we?
5) 28) dialog: (indicating the detective novels) You've been reading too many of these.
5) 30) dialog: No. I may be old fashioned, but I thought murder was against the law. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org       11.
5) 32) dialog: You can't go around killing people just because you think they're useless.
5) 34) dialog: Why?
5) 36) dialog: I'm afraid I haven't time to listen.
5) 38) dialog: Swap murders? Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org               12. BRUNO
5) 39) text: Each fellow does the other fellow's murder. Then there is nothing to connect them. The one who had the motive isn't there. Each fellow murders a total stranger. Like you do my murder and I do yours. GUY
5) 43) text: (with a smile) We do talk the same language -- don't we, Guy? GUY
5) 45) text: (beaming) I'm glad you enjoyed it. I thought the lamb chops were a little overdone myself. He holds out his hand.   Guy is in a hurry but he shakes GUY
5) 48) text: Sure, sure, Bruno. They're all okay. (he salutes a quick goodbye and hurries away) Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                 13 Left alone, Bruno picks up Guy's lighter from the table, starts to call Guy back to hand It to him.Then he looks c at the insignia of crossed tennis rackets.
5) 53) text: As Guy gets off the with his suitcase and tennis rackets. baggage man with baggage truck is passing.
5) 54) dialog: Hi, Bill. BAGGAGE MAN
5) 55) text: (smiling) Guy Haines! Good to too you, boy. You be sure to win at Southampton tomorrow, hear me? I've got two dollars on your nose. GUY
5) 59) text: Guy is walking up the main street. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org              14.
6) 0) text: Typical music shop of a small town, with plate glass wind and displays of radios, records, sheet music, etc. Activi of a couple of customers and salespeople inside. Guy come along the street and goes into the shop.
7) 0) text: As Guy enters. There are the usual counters and shelves, pianos and radios on display, and the sound of a piano be tuned in the back of the store. MIRIAM is finishing with customer at a counter. MR. HARGREAVES, the manager, is bu at the shelves. Another girl clerk is serving a customer. In one of the glass cubicles where records are tried out, customer is playing symphonic music; in a second glass cu another customer is listening to a record of popular musi A third cubicle is empty. Activity of the street is seen through the plate glass front. Guy walks straight to Miriam, just as she is finishing wi her woman customer, handing over a small package. MIRIAM
7) 1) text: (taking money from customer) Even change. Thank you, Madam. (she looks up at Guy as the woman moves off) Well -- hello, Guy. GUY
7) 3) text: So are you. You've got a nice tan, playing tennis with all your rich friends. GUY
7) 5) text: (sly little smile) What's your hurry? Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                 15 GUY
7) 8) dialog: (biting) I got over being jealous, a long time ago Miriam. Miriam's eyes slide toward the other girl clerk who has m closer, within listening range. MIRIAM
7) 9) text: (indicating empty glass cubicle) Let's talk in there. Guy follows Miriam across to the empty room.   Miriam has brought her purse along. They enter.
8) 0) text: Once inside, the sounds of the music playing from other p of the shop are heard but very faintly. The piano tuning still goes on, but less stridently. Miriam and Guy are co together in the close quarters. MIRIAM
8) 1) text: (intimately) Now this is cosier. Sort of like old times, isn't it, Guy?
8) 2) dialog: (coldly) Oh, skip it, Miriam. It's pretty late to start flirting with a discarded husband. Especially when you're going to have another man's baby. MIRIAM
8) 4) dialog: Let's see your lawyer and get this over with.
8) 6) dialog: (taking money from his wallet) Here it is.
8) 8) dialog: What are you trying to say, Miriam? Come out with it.
8) 10) dialog: (tense and angry) Why, you little doublecrosser. I didn't want this divorce, you did. That's what you've been harping about for the past year.
8) 12) dialog: And what do you mean by that?
8) 15) text: Especially when you have Anne Burton hanging on your arm. GUY
8) 17) text: So, it's really serious between you two? Well, you can throw your dreams about her into the ashcan. Guy, I'm coming to Washington.
8) 18) dialog: What for? MIRIAM
8) 20) dialog: Why me?   It's not my baby. MIRIAM
8) 21) text: But people don't know that, Guy, do they? It would make a pretty story, wouldn't it -- the senator's daughter involved with a married man who's about to become a father. GUY
8) 22) text: (furiously) You black conniving little liar! A few people in the shop look around as Guy's voice rises above the sound of the record playing. MIRIAM
8) 23) text: Keep your voice down. GUY
8) 25) text: No man runs out on me.   Not even you. GUY
8) 28) text: We see Guy gripping Miriam's arms and apparently addressi her in a threatening manner, although we do not hear his words. The smile has faded from Miriam's face and somethi like cringing fear has taken its place. She is drawn and tense and seems to cower beneath Guy's rage. Mr. Hargreaves moves forward and opens Guy's tirade. GUY
8) 30) text: (interrupts) Break it up, folks. This isn't the place for a family quarrel. GUY
8) 32) text: (yelling like a fishwife) You heard what I said, Guy Haines. You can't throw me away like an old shoe. I'm coming to Washington to have my baby. Tell that to the senate! Guy strides out of the store, the manager and a few custo turning around in surprise. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org              19. The two customers in other booths, seeing the quarrel, op their doors simultaneously and Miriam's tirade is climaxe by a cacophony of noise, a big symphony, loud hot music, the apparently unaware piano tuner.
9) 0) text: Guy is striding along angrily. He comes to the same intersection and the same cop. The officer makes a friend gesture, is if he'd like to talk awhile, but Guy strides past him without noticing.
10) 0) text: Guy comes into the scene, crosses to a row of public tele booths, enters one. Inside the telephone booth, he dumps some loose change on the shelf, sticks a nickel in the telephone, speaks into it. GUY
10) 1) text: Long distance. (a pause) I want Washington, D. C. The number is Republic 0800. Person to person. Miss Anne Burton. Another pause, very long. Guy is very restless. He digs a cigarette out of his pocket and sticks it in his mouth, t looks through his pockets for his lighter, doesn't find i He looks puzzled, but about that time the operator speaks him. GUY
10) 2) text: (continuing) Right. Guy picks coins up off the shelf and drops them into the telephone, then waits. He shifts the receiver and fumbles in his other jacket pocket, then turns to the phone. GUY
11) 3) dialog: (furiously) Sure I sound savage. I feel savage. I'd like to break her neck! (a pause, then raising his voice) I said I'd like to break her foul, poisonous, useless little neck! (the connection is bad and he strains to hear) What's that? Meantime the noise of a through train has been HEARD, and the horn on a streamliner locomotive. It has come up very fast, it is now almost to the station. Guy rises his voic and yells into the telephone. His voice fights the roar o the train: GUY
12) 31) text: GUY
12) 34) text: (sotto voce) Bruno, Guy. Bruno Anthony. Don't you remember? On the train. The voices of Mr. and Mrs. Anthony can still be heard in dispute as Bruno listens at phone: MRS. ANTHONY
12) 39) text: I tell you, Eunice, I'm going to have that boy put away if it's the last thing I do! Bruno looks off in direction of his farther's voice with expression which says, "Crow while you can, you haven't much time." He reaches into his pocket, brings out Guy's cigarette lighter and as he flicks it on and off.
12) 41) text: This is the same shot we saw when Guy arrived in Metcalf. We see the station and one of the main streets beyond the station. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                26.
12) 42) text: We see the train come   around the curve. Again this is j the same angle that we   used for Guy. It comes to a stop the foreground and we   see Bruno alight onto the platfor He looks about him for   a moment and then strolls away i direction of the town.    He approaches the row of teleph booths.
12) 112) text: Oh! She gives a coy smile of recognition. CAMERA   PULLS BACK reveal the mad and shoulders of Bruno between  Miriam and camera. His hand holds Guy's lighter which he   flicks on he raises it above Miriam's face. 0f Bruno, we  see only back of his head and shoulders. BRUNO
12) 117) text: Miriam's head drops into the picture by the glasses. Bruno's hand comes into the picture and picks up the glas One of the lenses has been broken by Miriam's fall. As we see Bruno's sport shoes move away, the CAMERA MOVES PAST MIRIAM'S HEAD until it comes to Guy's lighter presse into the earth.
12) 136) text: The feet opposite Guy stretch out and touch Guy's feet.
12) 138) text: The drunk opposite   Guy looks down at his feet and then Guy resentfully as   though Guy had kicked him. He eyes G up and down, then   suddenly, without warning, bursts int song, to the tune   of the Barber Shop Chord.
12) 141) dialog: (amused) You'll never make the Metropolitan.
12) 144) dialog: (solemnly) Sure, I understand. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                 39
12) 149) text: Guy gets out of the taxi with his rackets and bag, pays t driver and goes up the steps to the front door of his apartment.
12) 150) text: As Guy is about to enter the front door and we see his na posted on a small card as one of the several tenants, he hears a soft call from across the street.
12) 152) text: Guy! Guy turns his head and looks across the street.
12) 156) text: Guy reaches the other side of the street and still puzzle and cautious, approaches the dark alleyway.
12) 157) text: After a moment a figure steps out of the darkness. It is Bruno. He steps back into the darkness again as Guy comes up to him.
12) 158) text: Guy frowning in puzzlement as he looks at Bruno.
12) 160) dialog: (recognizes Bruno -- not pleased) What are you doing here?   At this time of night?
12) 163) dialog: What do you mean? Bruno's hand comes out of his pocket and he hands Miriam' glasses to Guy.
12) 164) text: Guy's hands taking Miriam's glasses from Bruno.    One of lenses is broken. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                41.
12) 165) text: As Guy takes the glasses he looks at Bruno in bewildermen
12) 166) dialog: What's this all about?
12) 173) text: Guy can hardly believe what he is hearing.
12) 175) dialog: Are you trying to tell me you've -- Why, you maniac! Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org            42. BRUNO
12) 176) text: (looks at Guy with astonishment) But, Guy, you wanted it! We planned it on the train together, remember? Guy suddenly starts to go.   Bruno grabs his arm. BRUNO
12) 177) text: Where are you going? GUY
12) 179) text: But you can't, Guy. We'd both be arrested for murder. Guy turns back slowly and faces him. GUY
12) 181) text: You're is much in it as I am. We planned it together. Criss-cross. I do your murder -- GUY
12) 183) text: (a little hurt) Oh, come now, Guy. Why should I go to Metcalf and kill a total stranger, unless it was part of the plan and you were in on it? You're the one that benefits, Guy. You're a free man. I didn't even know the girl. Guy makes a move to leave, but Bruno holds on tight. GUY
12) 186) text: We hear the sound of a telephone ringing in Guy's apartme The top of one of his windows is open.
12) 188) dialog: My telephone.
12) 190) text: We see a police car pull up outside Guy's apartment.
12) 191) text: Bruno pulls Guy back further into the shadows. Guy instinctively flattens himself against the wall. He looks across the street again.
12) 193) text: Guy is still flattened against the wall to keep out of li
12) 196) dialog: (muttering) You've got me acting, like a criminal, you crazy fool! Bruno for a moment looks menacingly at Guy.
12) 198) text: The two policemen come out of the house, get into their c and drive off. Guy's telephone is still ringing.
12) 202) text: Bruno follows Guy and we FOLLOW them across the street. CAMERA ON THEIR BACKS. Guy strides ahead to the house. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                45. BRUNO
12) 203) text: Wait a minute, Guy. To have to talk. We have to arrange things. Guy turns at the door to his apartment building.
12) 204) dialog: (furiously) Get away before I give you what you gave Miriam. BRUNO
12) 205) text: (sadly) You're not yourself, Guy. You're tired. When you think things over, you'll see I'm right. Tomorrow -- Guy opens his door, turns on Bruno. GUY
12) 207) text: (to the closed door) But we have to -- He realizes there is no use in trying to talk to Guy any further. He turns and faces the CAMERA IN CLOSE UP as he moves away, looking sad almost to the point of tears.
13) 0) text: Guy is standing at the telephone which is still ringing. has Miriam's glasses in his hand. He looks down at them f a moment, then picks up the receiver. He hesitates, then speaks into the phone.
13) 1) dialog: (hoarsely, into phone) Yes? (Pause) Yes, Anne. I'm sorry, darling.   I just got in. (pause) Of course I'm all right.
13) 3) dialog: (forcing his voice to sound normal) But you sound upset. Is anything wrong? (Pause) All right. I'll come over. Right away. He hangs up but keeps his hand on the telephone, delibera He starts to dial, then suddenly hangs up and starts out.
13) 5) text: A taxi drives up and stops in front of a handsome residen It is the Burton home. Guy gets out of the taxi and goes the steps.
13) 12) text: SENATOR BURTON and BARBARA BURTON are seated near a desk the farthest side of the room. Senator Burton is a distinguished fifty, a man with great pride in tradition, his family and his career. Barbara, Anne's younger sister is a lively seventeen who loves excitement, says exactly what she thinks and rarely thinks before she says it. Superficially, in height and figure, she resembles Miriam She also weirs glasses. By her gestures we gather she is speaking urgently, but softly, to her father, who lifts a weary hand to quiet her as she looks toward Guy in the hallway, Barbara keeps quiet and also looks toward Guy. They both wait for him to enter.
13) 14) text: Watching Guy closely.
13) 15) text: As Guy starts to make the long trek across the living roo with Anne behind him --
13) 16) dialog: (stiffly) Good evening, sir.   Hello, Babs. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                 48 Barbara has been squirming in her seat, then as if jet propelled she catapults out of it and runs to Guy, giving him a big hug and a smack on the cheek. BARBARA
13) 17) text: Something awful has happened, Guy.
13) 19) text: (finding it difficult to begin) There seems to be no way of diplomatically breaking tragic news. I'm sorry, Guy, to be the one to tell you. It concerns your wife. She's been murdered. Guy stares woodenly at the Senator, is if hypnotized. BARBARA
13) 21) text: You're to call Headquarters at Metcalf. The full impact of what has happened hits Guy once more. GUY
13) 23) text: (with inner tension) She was...strangled. Slowly Guy's eyes meet hers. They are remembering what he said on the phone: "I could strangle her." He sinks into chair. The Senator is quite distressed. During the following scene Barbara quietly goes about the business of pouring drinks and serving them. She knows everyone's preference. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org      49.
13) 29) dialog: (quietly) She's right. Whichever way you look at it...I'm in a spot.
13) 32) text: (who hasn't taken anxious eyes off Guy) You can tell them where you were, can't you, Guy? GUY
13) 35) text: Who saw you? Did you speak to anyone? You'll need a Witness, you know. GUY
13) 37) text: (hopefully) Anyone you know? GUY
13) 39) text: (brightening) Harvard. GUY
13) 41) text: Her face shows her relief that Guy can account for his ti ANNE
13) 50) text: (answering Guy's look) It can't be helped, darling. It is not your fault. It's not as though anyone can say you had something to do with it. GUY
13) 52) text: Profit by my experience, Guy. Never lose any sleep over accusations. (an afterthought) Unless they can be proved, of course. We'll help all we can. Dreadful business, dreadful. That poor unfortunate girl.
13) 57) text: Father, it's getting terribly late, and Guy looks so tired... SENATOR
13) 65) dialog: Yes sir.   Goodnight. Barbara pokes her head quickly around the door.
13) 67) text: Left alone, Guy and Anne embrace. Anne's nervous tension comes to the surface in a flood of relief.
13) 69) dialog: That I could strang... Anne quickly puts her fingers over his mouth.
14) 0) text: Guy comes into the corridor from the street and approache two policemen who are standing nearby. GUY
15) 0) text: At one side of the room is a young police sergeant seated a typewriter. A group of people are seated in chairs line against the opposite wall. Guy enters, crosses to the sergeant at the desk. GUY
15) 1) text: Captain Turley is expecting me.   Guy Haines. SERGEANT
15) 4) text: Miriam's mother, dressed all in black, is seated in one o the chairs. She has been staring at the floor, but brings her eyes up slowly to glare at Guy with a look of burning hatred. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                55.
15) 6) text: Mr. Hargreaves from the music shop looks across at Guy, attempts in awkward nod but is very embarrassed.
15) 7) text: Guy nods in returns.
15) 8) text: The two boys who were with Miriam at the amusement park. They look at Guy with interest.
15) 10) text: Seated behind Guy, apart from the others who are waiting, Professor Collins, Guy's drunken companion on the train o the night before. The professor is completely sober now, dignified and erect. He has removed his glasses to polish them and does not react to Guy's presence.
15) 11) text: Guy starts with a smile of recognition to say, "How do yo do?" but at that moment he hears the door open and his na called:
15) 13) text: Guy breaks away from his uncompleted greeting to the prof and goes through the door to Captain Turley's office, fol by the eyes of the waiting people. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org              56.
16) 0) text: CAPTAIN TURLEY is conscientious, methodical and always po He puts aside photographs and records and rises from behi his desk as Guy comes in. A detective lieutenant, CAMPBEL is attending a coffee maker. Their expressions are grave contrast with Guy's confident attitude after seeing the professor in the waiting room.
16) 2) dialog: Thank you, sir. (he sits)
16) 4) dialog: (brightening) Yes. I saw him outside.
16) 11) text: He turns from the captain to Guy.
16) 13) text: Guy interrupts with a slight note of impatience.
16) 14) dialog: But we were sitting opposite each other in the observation car! You were singing a song about a goat --
16) 16) dialog: (urgently) And calculus. You were going over a speech you'd made. Turley and Campbell are watching closely.
16) 18) text: Momentarily Guy is frustrated, then he turns quietly to Turley. GUY
16) 19) text: (calmly, logically) Captain, is it so important whether or not Professor Collins remember me? Surely, the important thing is that I've been able to name a man who was on the train with me. You've been able to find him. Isn't that proof of where I was at nine-thirty last night? Guy asks this question with a look of near triumph that h has clearly established his alibi.
16) 22) text: Hello, darling. Have you had your dinner? GUY
16) 26) text: (after a disapproving glance at Barbara) Sit down, Guy. Sit down.    Give him some coffee, Anne. (MORE)
16) 29) dialog: (morosely) When an alibi is full of bourbon, sir, it can't stand up.
16) 33) dialog: Apparently not at the right time. They suggested I could have caught the train at Baltimore after Miriam was murdered. They had it all worked out -- (taps his head) in their timetables.
16) 37) dialog: (wryly) Whatever it is, the police will know it. They gave me a present -- come take a look. He crosses to the window, lifts the curtain slightly, the turns back to the others. GUY
16) 41) text: (impressed) You're being tailed! GUY
16) 45) dialog: (calmly) I'm afraid where I go, Hennessy goes. Even to the Senate. SENATOR
16) 47) dialog: Very likely. The Senator's cup is suddenly back on its saucer and he i on his feet, pacing nervously.
16) 51) text: He's right, Guy. You mustn't do anything that would look suspicious. You've got to carry on as though nothing has happened.
16) 53) text: A call for you, Mr. Haines.   They say it is urgent. The phone is plugged in to a connection and Guy crosses t room and picks up the receiver. The Burtons watch him. GUY
16) 56) text: Hello, Guy. I tried your apartment, but -- (pause) Why, Guy, this is Bruno!
17) 0) text: Guy hangs up the telephone quickly.   He looks at the oth awkwardly tries to explain: GUY
18) 0) text: Guy and HENNESSY are walking along the street together, C MOVING WITH THEM. Their relationship is most friendly. Gu carries a briefcase. Hennessy is an amiable but not gulli young man in his early thirties. He knows his job, is wel groomed, well educated, and well liked. GUY
18) 2) text: I've never seen the Forest Hillss tournament before. I'm looking forward to it. GUY
18) 9) text: Guy turns his back on Bruno's figure and looks franticall toward to street, wanting to get away. HENNESSY
18) 11) dialog: (interrupts) Let's take this cab.   It's getting late. He hails a taxi which is cruising by, and they start to g in. Guy directs the driver.
18) 12) dialog: Pentagon Building, please.
18) 14) text: Guy turns and looks out of the window.
18) 15) text: from Guy's viewpoint, shot through the cab window. Again see the solitary figure of Bruno looking after Guy and beginning to recede with the background as the cab starts off.
18) 21) text: Guy looks off for a moment with set face, then tearing th note into shreds, crosses to a small desk, lights a match and holds it to the fragments, letting them burn and fall into an ash tray. Guy looks off for a moment with set face, then tearing th note into shreds, crosses to a small desk, lights a match and holds it to the fragments, letting them burn and fall into an ash tray.
19) 0) text: Guy and Anne are walking slowly through a more or less deserted room of the gallery. Their manner is relaxed and intimate.
19) 2) dialog: We've actually been alone for an hour. Seems almost indecent. You like?
19) 4) dialog: I was beginning to feel like a goldfish.
19) 6) dialog: No Hennessy.
19) 8) dialog: I don't know. I suppose until they find out who did it.
19) 10) dialog: I suppose so. Anne looks it him, surprised at his lack of enthusiasm. They walk on out of the picture. A figure steps out from behind a pillar in the main hall the gallery, near the spot from which they have disappear It is Bruno. He calls.
19) 12) text: Guy! Anne stops and looks back. Guy knows who it is and would not turn but that he is forced to by Anne's action. He ta a few steps towards Bruno.
19) 13) text: Anne watches Guy approach this stranger.   She looks down at Bruno's tie pin.
19) 16) text: Guy comes up to Bruno, steps in front of him. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                67.
19) 17) dialog: (muttering harshly) Will you stop pestering me!
19) 19) dialog: (interrupts) You crazy fool! There's a detective outside. He'll see us together!
19) 21) dialog: Stay away from me, I tell you! He leaves Bruno abruptly to rejoin Anne.    Bruno looks a him, a little hurt.
19) 22) text: Guy rejoins Anne and they start to walk away.
19) 24) dialog: (unnerved) I never saw him before.   Just some tennis fan. Anne looks at him a little oddly.    He seems unduly conc about a casual stranger.
19) 28) text: Guy and a secretary have set up office in the Morton stud As the scene opens the secretary is handing Guy a large envelope. SECRETARY
19) 29) text: Here's a special delivery, Mr. Haines. It's marked personal. As Guy is opening the envelope, Barbara speaks to him fro atop a library ladder. She is getting a book from one of the top shelves of a bookcase, which is next to a window. BARBARA
19) 30) text: Are you getting in any practice today, Guy?
19) 31) dialog: (as he takes out a large folded sheet of paper and glances at it, mystified) Yes, if I can get a court at the club. As Guy's hands unfold the paper and hold it for moment, w see that it is a diagrammed plan of the grounds and the Interior of the Anthony house. There are dotted lines alo the upper hall, with an arrow which points to one room an where Bruno has indicated in his handwriting, "My father' room." Over this we hear the voices of Barbara and the secretary: SECRETARY'S VOICE
19) 36) text: Guy frowns, quickly folds the paper up and stuffs it into his pocket. He looks off abstractedly.
19) 37) text: She looks at Guy sympathetically.
19) 40) dialog: No, thank you, Louise.
19) 44) text: Guy appears, carrying his racquets. His partner for the forthcoming game, and one or two other players, are close by.
19) 45) text: Guy looks about him. Several people are looking at him awkwardly or avoiding his eyes. He moves self-consciously away, and the CAMERA PANS HIM around the court to the ump chair.
19) 46) text: A couple of women players whisper something about Guy as goes past them. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org              70.
19) 49) text: As Guy stands at the umpire's chair, the umpire glances d and gives him a rather embarrassed greeting.
19) 53) text: The mixed doubles couples complete their handshaking at t net and move off the court. We see Guy move up to the bas line while the other player takes his position for the preliminary knock-up.
19) 54) text: As Guy casually knocks the ball across the net, he glance again toward Bruno.
19) 59) text: We see Guy coming alone, having fInIshed his game. He is carrying his rackets, wears a towel around his neck, etce He walks into foreground, into CLOSEUP, and suddenly stop short at what he sees:
19) 62) text: As Guy comes into the scene.   He stands staring. ANNE
19) 63) text: Guy, darling -- this is Mr. Antony -- a friend of Monsieur and Madame Darville... (to Bruno) Guy Haines.
19) 65) text: Bruno half rises, smiles affably at Guy, reaches out his hand. Guy is forced to shake hands with him
19) 72) text: She becomes aware that this is the man she has seen call Guy in the art museum, that they have met before. Her eye turn a little in Guy's direction, though she does not loo at him.
19) 73) text: He is still watching Bruno talk to the French couple. Guy is unaware of Anne's looks. Suddenly his attention is arrested by the sound of Barbara's voice calling him. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                73. BARBARA'S VOICE
19) 74) text: Guy! He turn his head and CAMERA PANS him to Barbara, who is standing a few steps from the table beckoning to him. BARBARA
19) 75) text: (Sotto voce) I've just been talking to your shadow. (very impressed) Guy, did you know Mr. Hennessy helped crack that axe murder I was reading about? You know, the one where the body was cut up and hidden in the butcher shop? He was locked in the ice box with the left leg for six hours! GUY
19) 78) text: Bruno is occupied with his French joke, but Anne is looki at Guy strangely.
19) 79) text: Guy turns back to Barbara.    Barbara looks with interest Bruno. BARBARA
19) 80) text: Who's the nice looking Frenchman with the Darvilles? GUY
19) 94) text: She is looking at Bruno, wondering what mystery lies behi this strange individual and why he and Guy have disclaime any previous acquaintance.
19) 98) text: CAMERA PULLS BACK TO SHOW Guy staring down at it. He is partially dressed for an evening party, in black bow tie without his jacket. He leans forward to take up a letter from among brown paper wrappings on the table.
19) 99) text: Dear Guy -- Just two more days left. We must get together for final details. The note, in Bruno's handwriting, is unsigned.
19) 101) text: Guy hastily gather together the gun, the note and the wrappings and puts them in a dresser drawer. He crosses t the door and opens it. Hennessy enters, carrying a topcoa
19) 102) dialog: Hiya, Hennessy. Won't keep you out late tonight. (getting into his dinner jacket) With Forest Hills coming up tomorrow, I've got to get some sleep. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                 76 HENNESSY
19) 103) text: (helping himself to a cigarette) That's too bad. Hammond takes over in a couple of hours. I'd like to see him earn his salary. Guy turns to the dresser drawer in which he has put the n and the gun, maneuvering his body between the dresser and Hennessy's view. He takes out a handkerchief, closes the drawer, sticks the handkerchief in his pocket, speaking a he does so. GUY
19) 108) dialog: (quickly) Don't worry. Since you told Barbara Burton about the icebox, you're her favorite charity. She'll send the butler out with something to defrost you. HENNESSY
19) 109) text: (grinning) Cute kid. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                 77 He's gone, and with a last glance at the dresser, Guy goe out and closes the door.
19) 118) text: As Bruno comes in her direction, Anne's expression shows mystification and concern about Bruno's presence and abou Guy's attitude toward him.
19) 131) text: Guy sees Bruno join a group of several ladies who are sea on a settee and a couple of older men who are standing by A waiter comes along with a tray of drinks. Bruno takes one.
19) 132) text: She comes from the same direction that Guy came.   She st short as she sees:
19) 176) text: The Senator and Guy rush into the picture. They look at t fallen Bruno. They search around for an explanation. Othe man come in ad they start to pick Bruno up. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org              85.
19) 177) dialog: Bring him this way. Guy gives a quick look in direction of Mrs. Cunningham, s that she is being attended to.
20) 0) text: Bruno is stretched out on a settee. He is completely out. His collar and tie are open. Two or three of the male gue are just leaving the room. The Senator remains behind for moment with Guy.
20) 2) dialog: I hardly know him, sir.
20) 4) dialog: Yes, sir. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                  8 The Senator leaves.   Guy stands over Bruno's outstretche figure.
20) 5) text: Bruno is now half awake. Almost without seeing Guy, he staggers to his feet and begins to make his way to the do Guy advances, and with a sharp thrust, pushes Bruno back the settee. Bruno looks and sees Guy clearly for the first time. BRUNO
20) 6) text: What happened? I was on a merry-go- round somewhere. It made me dizzy. Guy moves forward, and thrusting his hand in Bruno's open shirt, pulls him to his feet. Bruno ignores Guy's violenc and remain puzzled. GUY
20) 9) text: You shouldn't have done that, Guy. GUY
20) 10) text: (subsiding) Come on -- pull yourself together. Do your tie up. Bruno staggers to his feet. He fumbles at his collar. he crosses to him, CAMERA MOVES IN to a CLOSER SHOT. GUY
20) 11) text: Here -- let me. He fixes Bruno's shirt and collar together and quickly ti his white bow. Bruno stands swaying like a small boy as G does this. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                 87 CAMERA PANS WITH THEM as Guy starts to escort Bruno from room.
20) 12) dialog: Have you got a car here?
20) 14) text: One or two of the guests turn their heads as Guy takes Br across to the front door.
20) 16) text: Bruno and Guy going out the front door. The man-servant does not close it immediately, so we are able to HEAR the call for Mr. Antony's car.
21) 1) text: There are cars lined up outside on the street. One limous is pulling up in the center, two figures at the passenger door. One is climbing in. The other is Guy.
21) 4) text: Guy turns and closes the door.
21) 6) text: Anne comes down the steps and intercepts Guy on the sidew She leads him along a few paces and then stops and faces him.
21) 9) dialog: You mean when you introduced us at the club? Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                90. ANNE
21) 10) text: Yes. Did you notice how he stared at Barbara that day? GUY
21) 12) text: (breaks in) He stared at her again tonight -- while his hands were around Mrs. Cunningham's throat. Guy looks at Anne with an expression of growing fear and alarm. She goes on inexorably: ANNE
21) 13) text: What did Miriam look like, Guy. GUY
21) 15) text: Go on, I want you to tell me. GUY
21) 20) dialog: Yes. ANNE
21) 21) text: She looked a lot like Barbara, didn't she? Guy suddenly begins to realize what Anne is getting at. Anne lowers her head, deliberately avoids looking at Guy, she asks: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org       91.
21) 23) dialog: I get him to do it?
21) 25) dialog: Yes. (suddenly bursting out) He's a maniac. I met him on the train going to Metcalf. He had a crazy scheme about exchanging murders. I do his murder and he do mine.
21) 27) dialog: Well, he'd read about me in the paper. He knew about Miriam -- and about you. He suggested that  if he got rid of Miriam for me, I should kill his father.
21) 29) dialog: Of course! I didn't give it another thought. And now a lunatic wants me to kill his father.
21) 31) dialog: (grimly) Yes, isn't it?
21) 33) dialog: Since the first night.   He gave me her glasses. ANNE
21) 34) text: Why didn't you call the police? GUY
21) 36) text: Oh, Guy -- what can we do? GUY
21) 38) text: (With an anxious look across the street) Guy, hadn't we better go inside? Your friend Hennessy's watching us. (she Shudders) GUY
21) 40) text: (desperately) Oh, if we could only talk to father or someone about it. GUY
21) 43) text: As Hennessy watches Anne and Guy go toward the house, his relief, HAMMOND, comes up. Hammond's a zealous, hard-eyed sleuth. HENNESSY
21) 49) text: Bruno? Yes, yes, it's Guy...I've decided to do what you want. I'll make that little visit to father.... (listens a moment) Tonight. (listens another moment) Yes, I want to get this thing over with, can you leave the house again, Bruno? (pause) You'd better stay out till daylight. Guy hangs up, rises and starts to move with purpose for h night's activities.
21) 52) text: Guy's hands take out the Luger. His hand then picks up Miriam's glasses from the drawer, holds them a moment. He is about to put them back, then decides to take them alon puts them into his pocket.
21) 53) text: CAMERA PANS GUY across to the window.   He parts the curt slightly and looks out.
22) 0) text: Guy crosses to his door, which he opens surreptitiously.
22) 1) text: Guy glances down the stairs, then closes the door behind quietly and moves away to a window at the turn of the sta
23) 0) text: Guy comes out of the window onto the second floor fire es He creeps stealthily down and emerges into a narrow alley He steps back into the shadows for a moment when he sees:
23) 2) text: Guy turns away and is soon lost in the darkness of the st
23) 5) text: Guy leaves the gates ajar and then, taking the plan of Br house from his pocket, and the key, he looks toward the h
23) 6) text: This is a long flight of steps. Moonlit. They are lined with tall black cypress trees which throw their shadows a the steps. Guy moves out of one shadow, into another and carefully starts up the stairs.
24) 0) text: As Guy moves in soundlessly and closes the door.   He loo toward the stairs which are in shadow.
24) 1) text: Guy starts up the stairs slowly.   He carries his flashli and the plan.
24) 5) dialog: moving quietly along the hallway, approaches two doors. H takes out his flash and identifies the door with his plan
24) 8) text: The room is in darkness except for the dim outline of the recumbent figure in the bed. We hear Guy's voice, in a lo whisper:
24) 9) dialog: Mr. Antony! The figure stirs.
24) 10) text: Guy takes a stop closer to the bed. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                 97
24) 11) dialog: (urgently) Mr. Antony! Don't be alarmed -- but I must talk to you about your son. About Bruno. Mr. Antony! The figure on the bed turns and a hand stretches out towa a bedside light. The light goes on with a sudden glare.
24) 17) dialog: (recovering quickly) Since you sent me a key to your house, I decided to use it -- to make a little social call on your father. I thought he'd be Interested to know he his a lunatic son. The faintest flicker of Bruno's eyes indicates the intens of his reaction. He stares hard at Guy. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                  9
24) 19) dialog: No intention whatsoever.      I never had.
24) 21) dialog: Or this. Bruno's relief turns again to menace.      He picks up th and fingers it nervously.
24) 22) dialog: (kindly) Look, Bruno. You're terribly sick. (haltingly) I don't know whether it's possible for you to realize it or not. I don't know much about these things, Bruno. But why don't you go someplace where you can get some treatment? Not only for your own sake, Bruno, but you can't go on causing more and more destruction to anyone you happen to meet. Bruno pays no attention.     He rises.
24) 23) text: Guy's arguments have made no impression on Bruno whatsoev He fingers the gun.
24) 27) dialog: (gives up) Well, I guess it's no use, Bruno. We sees to have nothing further to discuss. Bruno goes to the door in silent acquiescence and opens i for Guy to pass through.
24) 28) text: Guy walks toward the stairs, tense and apprehensive. Brun is following him, still holding the gun. When the Great Dane sees Bruno it gets to its feet, as if waiting for a command. Guy starts down the stairs but Bruno stays where he is, t dog beside him. Gay turns and looks back it this tableaux of menace.
24) 30) text: Bruno remains in the foreground of the scene as Guy proce on down the stairs. We see him open the front door and pa through.
25) 1) text: Hennessy is relieving Hammond who has kept watch on Guy's apartment night. HAMMOND
25) 12) text: (desperately) But, Mrs. Antony, you've got to make him do something about this. Don't you see that just one word from him would extricate Guy from this dreadful situation?
25) 22) text: You know, I'm very upset with Guy. He shouldn't have sent you on an errand like this. ANNE
25) 23) text: Guy doesn't know I'm here, Mr. Antony. BRUNO
25) 24) text: He's been leading you up the garden path, I'm afraid. He must be very desperate to try to involve me. I've been protecting him ever since we had that conversation on the train and he told me how he hated his wife. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                103 Bruno is now standing near the   window a little apart fr Anne, with his back to him. He    takes something out of pocket of his dressing gown and   looks down at it in his It is Guy's lighter.  Suddenly   he stuffs it back his po and turn back to Anne. BRUNO
25) 34) text: Anne and Guy are seated at the table.
25) 36) dialog: (grimly) That big lie about my wanting him to get it back means he's going to put my lighter on that island!
25) 38) dialog: Darling, if that loudspeaker announces that I'm not going to play, Hennessy bound to be suspicious He'd keep me from ever getting near Metcalf.
25) 40) dialog: (quickly) No, darling. (he puts his hand on hers and speaks firmly, with concern for her safety as well as for his own situation) You stay right here and help me give Hennessy the slip after the match. ANNE
25) 41) text: But, Guy, that'll be too late! GUY
25) 44) text: Well, that's what's in his mind now. He's not going to expose himself in broad daylight, If I can finish off this match in three sets, I'll still get there in time. REYNOLDS, Guy's opponent, enters scene behind Guy's chair REYNOLDS
25) 45) text: We're on in a few minutes, Guy. (to Anne) How are you, Miss Morton. Anne acknowledges his greeting with a nod.
25) 46) dialog: Okay, Tim.   Be right with you. Reynolds leaves Anne and Guy rise, and as they walk towar the stadium, we can see Guy start to speak to Anne in a whisper.
25) 52) text: Anne is reluctant to leave Guy who must now join his oppo Reynolds.
25) 53) dialog: You got it straight? (ANNE nods) Just make sure Barbara has everything ready as soon as the third set starts. He goes on to the court, and Anna goes to her box.
25) 55) text: Guy and Reynolds complete their warm-up as the umpire announces that Guy is to serve. The game starts. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org               107.
26) 3) text: Guy and his opponent, Reynolds, in play.   Guy scores a p
26) 5) text: We see the two men change ends and come toward the Umpiri chair. Reynolds stops to take a drink of water. Guy, with an impatient glance at him, moves over to the passing lin and waits, the CAMERA going with him.
27) 1) text: Bruno is sitting with in unlighted cigarette in his mouth CAMERA MOVES IN until he is in big CLOSEUP. His eyes look down.  There is the SOUND of a click, then, Guy's lighter comes up into the picture held against the cigarette.
27) 6) text: Guy is seated. He has his rackets with him and is waiting his turn to start his match. An official is talking to hi but Guy keeps looking around as if expecting someone.
27) 8) dialog: (absently) We'll know more about that by the end of the week... (his face brightens as he sees Anne) Anne hurries in, nods briefly to the official who has sta to leave, and sits down.
27) 10) dialog: Be right there. (turns to Anne) I was afraid you wouldn't get here. Wish me luck, darling. He makes a move as if to follow official toward the stadi but Anne puts hand on his arm.
27) 12) dialog: What about? Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org              109. ANNE
27) 13) text: That's just it. I don't know. It's Bruno. I talked to him, Guy -- Guy stares at her, takes a quick look toward the stadium, then gives Anne his full attention. ANNE
27) 14) text: He acted peculiar -- as if he could put the murder right in your lap, and not involve himself at all. GUY
27) 16) dialog: (grimly) Then he'll think of something.   He said he would. ANNE
27) 17) text: Guy, has he anything that the police could trace to you -- (quoting Bruno) Any little thing. GUY
27) 19) text: (trying to think) But he's going somewhere, Guy.   He told his mother -- GUY
27) 21) text: No, -- I don't think so. Oh, why can't I remember -- he said such crazy things! GUY
27) 23) text: Guy Haines! -- Reynolds! While Anne is frantically trying to remember, Guy turns toward, the stadium and gives a signal of "Be right there ANNE
27) 24) text: Something about the moon -- he said he had an appointment with the moon. Guy's shoulders droop with disappointment. GUY
27) 25) text: That's no help. But I can't take any chances. I've got to get that lighter -- somehow. REYNOLDS, Guy's opponent, ENTERS SCENE behind Guy's chair
27) 28) text: And have Hennessy and that other one right at your heels? Guy's expression says she's right, as they walk toward th stadium.
27) 33) text: We got our orders. We take him in -- after the match. Guy and Anne come INTO THE SCENE just as the players from the previous match emerge. They pass through, nodding to Hennessy. HENNESSY
27) 34) text: (a little sadly) Good luck, Guy! Guy gives him a thank-you nod. Hammond rolls his eyes in disgust at Hennessy's politeness.
27) 35) text: Anne is about to turn to her box but she is reluctant to leave Guy, who must now join his opponent, Reynolds. As their eyes hold, in mutual helplessness, Guy suddenly sta at her with realization. GUY
27) 36) text: The moon! You said he had an appointment -- Anne looks puzzled as Guy looks up at the sun, then at hi watch. GUY
27) 38) text: waiting at the bottom of steps to the stand. Guy joins hi opponent, and Anne goes to her box. Guy and Reynolds move onto the court amid the rounds of applause that greet the Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org               112.
27) 40) text: Guy and Reynolds complete their warm-up as the umpire announces that Guy is to serve. The game starts.
28) 3) text: Guy and his opponent, Reynolds, in play.   Guy scores a p
28) 5) text: We see the two men change ends and come toward the Umpire chair. Reynolds stops to take a drink of Water. Guy, with an impatient glance it him, moves over to the passing lin and waits, the CAMERA going with him.
29) 1) text: Bruno is sitting with an  unlighted cigarette in his mout CAMERA MOVES IN until he  is in big CLOSEUP. His eyes loo down.  There is the SOUND  of a click, then Guy's lighter comes up into the picture  held against the cigarette.
30) 1) text: Guy and Reynolds in play.
30) 6) text: Guy playing hard but holding his own.
30) 9) text: Guy scores point over Reynolds.
30) 17) text: Guy misses a point and the game. He and Reynolds make for the Umpire's chair. We HEAR the Umpire announce.
30) 19) text: We see that the paper is open at the sports page. There i a picture of Guy among other tennis players. WITH A DISSO the whole character of this page changes with the excepti of Guy's picture, which becomes surrounded with large typ announcing the arrest of Guy Haines for the murder of his wife Miriam. A sub-heading tells of Guy's cigarette light found at the scene of the crime. All this DISSOLVES AWAY and the page becomes once more the sports section.
30) 22) text: Guy and Reynolds in play.
30) 23) text: Guy playing hard.
31) 0) text: Bruno is now seated in his accustomed place in the club c His gloved fingers are quietly toying with Guy's lighter. passenger next to him asks:
31) 16) text: The game in progress.   Guy starts the next set.   He ser
31) 18) text: Guy volleys.
31) 20) text: Guy smashes.
32) 0) text: The announcer telling his listeners that Guy Haines seems be a little reckless.
33) 4) text: The game in progress. Guy and his opponent playing hard. Guy misses a point. We HEAR the Umpire's call.
35) 2) text: Guy is volleying.
35) 4) text: Guy smashes.
35) 6) text: Guy smashes.
35) 16) text: On the seat are Guy's everyday pants, laid out.
36) 2) text: Guy now playing hard.
36) 7) text: Guy serving.
37) 4) text: Guy still playing.
37) 10) text: Guy and Reynolds in play.
37) 14) text: Guy volleys.    He waits for the return ball.   He misses
38) 2) text: Guy is volleying with Reynolds.
39) 3) text: Guy slams hard a shot that wins him the game.
39) 6) text: Guy shakes hands with his opponent, and then hurries acro to Anne in the stand. He leans over the front of the box. While congratulating him outwardly, she whispers somethin to him. He leaves his racket with her and hurries away. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                127
39) 7) text: A block of people leaving cut off Hennessy's view.    Bar tries desperately to keep his attention off Guy.
39) 9) text: Isn't it wonderful, Mr. Hennessy? He won! It calls for a celebration. Anne says you must have dinner with us. Just the family, and you, and Guy.
39) 13) text: Guy moving along the front of the stand making for anothe exit.
39) 19) text: Guy is hurrying toward the public entrance of the stand.
39) 21) text: Guy hurrying under the stand toward the waiting cab.
40) 0) text: Guy goes to the waiting cab and gets in.    The cab moves
40) 9) text: Guy is busy changing his pants.    He glances over his sh
41) 0) text: The two men looking ahead toward Guy.
43) 0) text: Guy is now glancing at his watch.    The sun is behind hi very much lower.
44) 2) text: Guy is stepping off the train.    He crosses to a waiting CAMERA FOLLOWING him.
44) 4) dialog: (to the driver) The amusement park, quick. As he gets in the Cab, we go to --
44) 5) text: watching Guy get into taxi. As we hear the taxi drive awa the man hurries across to a waiting police car.
44) 6) text: He puts his head in the side window and tells the two wai detectives where Guy has gone.
46) 0) text: Guy looking anxiously ahead on his way to the amusement p
46) 2) text: Guy's taxi arrives.
46) 4) text: At Guy is paying his cab fare, he glances around him.
46) 8) text: Guy cautiously makes his way toward the entrance to the Amusement Park.
46) 9) text: Guy passes the waiting detective and looks off.    From h viewpoint we see:
46) 10) text: who were at the station indicate Guy is the man.
46) 11) text: One detective turns away and starts to follow Guy.
46) 17) text: Guy, threading his way through the crowds, conscious that is being followed, but nevertheless, on the lookout for B
46) 25) dialog: Hey, Bruno.
46) 26) text: gives a quick glance back, sees Guy then he turns and loo off in another direction.
46) 31) text: Guy starts to run after him.
46) 33) text: Guy runs toward Bruno. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                 13
46) 36) text: Guy jumps on the merry-go-round after Bruno.   Its speed so great that he nearly gets flung off.
46) 37) text: The detective fires at Guy.
46) 40) text: The detective, after Guy, jumps on the machine but is flu off on his back.
46) 46) text: As Guy comes near to Bruno, the latter turns on him and s to attack him.
46) 48) dialog: Stop it, Bruno.   Give me my lighter, Bruno!
46) 60) text: Bruno swings around till his back is to us. He pushes Guy toward the edge, but Guy manages to grab the rein of the nearest horse. The momentum of the machine swings Guy aro against the horse, whose big head towers in the f.g. Brun on this side of the horse pushes forward and tries to gra the reins from Guy's hand. He tries to slash at Guy's fac The back of Bruno's head is toward us during this. Guy suddenly leans out across the horse and smashes his fist against Bruno's face. Bruno's head goes back until it is the f.g. in a upside-down position. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org              138.
46) 61) text: THE CAMERA IS LOW so that we get the effect of Bruno fall into the CAMERA from Guy's blow!
46) 62) text: In the f.g. is a young boy of four years. He is excited b the speed of the ride and laughs at the fight with great enjoyment. He sees this by suddenly glancing over his shoulder. In the b.g. Guy and Bruno are continuing their fight. Bruno rises. Guy staggers after him. Bruno again leaps upon Guy. The two men sway toward the CAMERA until Bruno gets alongside the little boy. The boy now shows so anxiety. The three figures now fill the screen with the horses' heads in the f.g. Bruno is forced against the lit boy, who now, alarmed, beats Bruno on the cheek with one hand, the other holding onto the brass rail in front. Bru stops and with a sweep of his arm, knocks the little boy the horse onto the floor below. The little boy, in fallin grabs the horse's rein or stirrup.
46) 63) text: Guy breaks away from Bruno and dives around the back of t horse to grab the little boy.
46) 64) text: As Guy grabs the boy, he staggers forward with him to a s gondola. Bruno leaps onto his back but Guy manages to put the boy in the gondola.
46) 73) text: Guy has turned over on his back and his eyes look up. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org              140.
46) 75) text: striking Guy's head.
46) 76) text: Guy wrenches himself out of this position. He rolls away from the CAMERA right to the edge of the merry-go-round. manages to grab a rail.
46) 77) text: Guy's body is flung out horizontally. We see the crowd be back-up for fear of being knocked over. The screw of tens increase. Over this comes the sound of an approaching ambulance siren.
46) 78) text: Bruno edges himself toward Guy. He is hanging on to the reins of a horse. His feet manage to roach Guy's knuckles
46) 80) text: kicking at Guy's knuckles.
46) 87) text: Guy is somewhat stunned from his fall. He is helped to hi feet by some men in the crowd. His knuckles are bleeding. In the background people are rushing about. The crowd is uproar as women and children are helped from the wreckage Officials and uniformed policemen pushing back the surge the crowd.
46) 90) dialog: Yes, I think so. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org              142. Guy is surrounded by police and Campbell stands at his el At this moment the boatman runs in. One of the detectives is with him. DETECTIVE
46) 91) text: Mr. Turley! Mr. Turley! (indicating boatman) He says this isn't the man we want. (with a nod in Guy's direction) It's the other one -- the one he was fighting with.
46) 93) text: No, I didn't, sir. I've never seen this man before in my life. I meant the other one. The detective who was holding Guy instinctively relax his hold on Guy's arm. Turley turns to Guy, puzzled. TURLEY
46) 94) text: What is this all about, Haines?        Did you know he killed your wife? GUY
46) 97) text: as Guy and Turley enter to the  spot where Bruno is pinne under the overturned machine.   He is caught between two the horses, the head of one of  them across his chest. Br head sags back somewhat, but is  resting on pieces of deb A uniformed policeman looks up  from Bruno to Turley: POLICEMAN
46) 98) text: This one's in a pretty bad way, Mr. Turley. Guy is shocked at the sight of Bruno. GUY
46) 100) text: No, they've done everything they can until the crane comes. Bruno opens his eyes and sees Guy.
46) 104) text: (with a half smile) So they got you at last, eh, Guy? Guy looks around desperately, frustrated for a moment as Turley eyes him stonily. Then he turns again to Bruno. GUY
46) 106) text: (with a faint, quizzical smile) I haven't got it. It's still on the island where you left it. Guy looks around helplessly to Turley, who looks back at suspiciously. DETECTIVE
46) 109) text: He's finished. Guy's lighter is now revealed in Bruno's open hand.
46) 110) text: Turley takes the lighter from the dead Bruno's hand. Guy watching him. Turley straightens up and holds the lighter out to him. TURLEY
46) 111) text: Is this your lighter, Haines? Guy nods without speaking, and with a half look in Bruno' direction. TURLEY
46) 112) text: Well, you were right. (sticks the lighter into his own pocket) I'd better keep this for the time being. (in a friendly tone) We can clear the whole thing out the morning. How about staying in town over night, Haines? I imagine you have a lot to tell me. Nine o'clock, all right? Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org              145. GUY
46) 113) text: (nods) Okay, Mr. Turley.   Thanks. Turley turns back to the group around Bruno. Guy looks do for a moment at Bruno, then speaks to the boatman, who is standing nearby. GUY
46) 115) text: (indicating) There's one up near the entrance. (with a look back to the dead Bruno) Who was he, Bud? Guy looks back sympathetically in Bruno's direction, spea without looking at the boatman. GUY
46) 122) text: Guy'll be back tomorrow. (overcome with emotion she has difficulty in speaking) He wants me to take him some things. With a sob, Barbara flings herself into Anne's arms. As s cries, Anne strokes her head comfortingly. Then with a ha choked sobs Anne, too, begins to cry. She speaks through her tears, looking over Barbara's shoulder at her father. ANNE
46) 127) text: I beg your pardon, but aren't you Guy Haines?
46) 128) dialog: (uncomfortably) Yes. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org             147. Guy and Anne exchange a  brief look, rise hurriedly and s to walk away before the  conversation can go any farther. The cleric looks after  them with a frown and a puzzled s of his shoulders, as if  to say, "Did I  say something wr