7) 0) text: As Guy enters. There are the usual counters and shelves, pianos and radios on display, and the sound of a piano be tuned in the back of the store. MIRIAM is finishing with customer at a counter. MR. HARGREAVES, the manager, is bu at the shelves. Another girl clerk is serving a customer. In one of the glass cubicles where records are tried out, customer is playing symphonic music; in a second glass cu another customer is listening to a record of popular musi A third cubicle is empty. Activity of the street is seen through the plate glass front. Guy walks straight to Miriam, just as she is finishing wi her woman customer, handing over a small package. MIRIAM
7) 2) text: You're looking well, Miriam. Miriam's face is pretty because it is still young. She is self-centered and inclined to be vindictive. She wears harlequin glasses with myopic lenses which tend to make h eyes look small. MIRIAM
7) 4) text: (ignoring the remark) What time do we meet your lawyer? MIRIAM
7) 6) text: My hurry? That's funny, coming from you! You're the one who's in a hurry, aren't you? MIRIAM
7) 9) text: (indicating empty glass cubicle) Let's talk in there. Guy follows Miriam across to the empty room.   Miriam has brought her purse along. They enter.
8) 0) text: Once inside, the sounds of the music playing from other p of the shop are heard but very faintly. The piano tuning still goes on, but less stridently. Miriam and Guy are co together in the close quarters. MIRIAM
8) 5) dialog: Did you bring the money, Guy?   Lawyers are expensive.
8) 7) dialog: (taking the money greedily) If I'd known what all that tennis nonsense of yours was going to lead to, I wouldn't have run out on you.
8) 9) dialog: (tucking the bills away) I'm not getting a divorce.
8) 11) dialog: It's a woman's privilege to change her mind... Now I can shop for some pretty clothes. I wouldn't want you to be ashamed of me in Washington when we go to all those dinners and swanky parties.
8) 13) dialog: (Coyly) Don't look so mad, Guy. You always smile when your picture is being taken for the papers. (MORE)
8) 14) text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                 17 MIRIAM (CONT'D)
8) 16) text: Let's not talk about Anne Burton. MIRIAM
8) 22) text: (furiously) You black conniving little liar! A few people in the shop look around as Guy's voice rises above the sound of the record playing. MIRIAM
8) 24) text: What happened? Did he run out on you? MIRIAM
8) 26) text: You're a liar and a  cheat,   Miriam. You've wanted to get  rid of   me long enough and now I'll  go you   one better -- I never want to see  or hear   of you again. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org               18.
8) 27) dialog: (demurely) I could be very pathetic as the deserted little mother in a courtroom, Guy. Think it over. Who would believe you? Guy seizes her angrily and in so doing, knocks the tone a across the record with a loud screech. From outside we ca see heads turn. Mr. Hargreaves, the manager, is very disturbed.
8) 28) text: We see Guy gripping Miriam's arms and apparently addressi her in a threatening manner, although we do not hear his words. The smile has faded from Miriam's face and somethi like cringing fear has taken its place. She is drawn and tense and seems to cower beneath Guy's rage. Mr. Hargreaves moves forward and opens Guy's tirade. GUY
8) 31) text: (his eyes blazing) Sorry. I'm leaving. He starts to exit from the booth.   Miriam grabs his arm screams at him: MIRIAM
8) 32) text: (yelling like a fishwife) You heard what I said, Guy Haines. You can't throw me away like an old shoe. I'm coming to Washington to have my baby. Tell that to the senate! Guy strides out of the store, the manager and a few custo turning around in surprise. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org              19. The two customers in other booths, seeing the quarrel, op their doors simultaneously and Miriam's tirade is climaxe by a cacophony of noise, a big symphony, loud hot music, the apparently unaware piano tuner.
12) 30) text: I just wanted to ask how you made out with Miriam.
12) 44) text: Bruno's finger runs down the names until it stops at: Joyce, Miriam Haines. 2420 Metcalf Avenue.
12) 48) text: From his viewpoint we   see a typical frame house. The up windows are lit as are   the lower ones as well. A woman sitting in a rocker on   the front porch.  This is MRS. J Miriam's mother. She    has white hair. A  woman comes al the street and pauses   as she gets to Mrs. Joyce. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org              27.
12) 55) text: Again from Bruno's viewpoint, we see Miriam's house. At this moment the front door swings open, emitting a long s ot bright light. We see the silhouette of a woman emerge, followed by two other men. They're laughing and joking. Suddenly they look up the street. At this very moment the bus pulls up in front of Bruno's view, cutting off the si of his quarry. The bus comes to a stop.
12) 57) text: From his viewpoint, the girl, whom we now see is Miriam, running followed by the two young men. They are calling f the bus not to go - shouting, "Hi - stop!" Mrs. Joyce cal from the porch:
12) 59) dialog: (calling back) Goodnight, Mother.   See you later.
12) 60) text: Bruno watches Miriam.
12) 61) text: Miriam comes nearer and nearer to Bruno. With her two companions she brushes past him and jumps onto the bus. CAMERA PANS BRUNO AFTER THEM.
12) 62) text: We see the bus pull up outside the Amusement Park, and th various passengers alight. These include Miriam nd her companions, and Bruno.
12) 65) text: This group comprises Miriam and her two boy-friends. They lick their way out of the crowd and debate between themse where to go next.
12) 66) text: Miriam's eye catches the attention of something off scree
12) 69) text: As Bruno starts to advance in the direction of Miriam he momentarily held up by a small boy in cowboy uniform carr a gun and a balloon. The small boy points the gun at Brun
12) 74) text: Miriam and her two boy-friends by the sledge hammer conce where the aim is to swing the hammer hard enough down ont its target to ring the bell and register the 100 mark. Mi is in the foreground of the shot. The first boy steps up try his hand. As he swings, Miriam turns and glances abou her, obviously looking for Bruno.
12) 78) text: She looks a little disdainful and again glances around fo Bruno. Looking first to her left where she sees nothing, she then looks to her right, and as she does THE CAMERA P to show Bruno standing right it her shoulder. Miriam give a little start. Bruno smiles at her. With a smirk he walk over and after paying his fee, goes to take up the hammer
12) 82) text: Bruno, as he smiles faintly, glancing across at Miriam.
12) 86) text: Bruno drops the hammer and glances around at Miriam again Her two boy-friends are calling for her from a little distance.
12) 95) text: Miriam and her boy friends begin to sing the song being p on the calliope.
12) 98) text: The horses of the merry-go-round are filling the screen a they whizz by, and again we get the picture of Bruno chas Miriam as they rush past the CAMERA, the music and tempo a high speed.
12) 102) text: Miriam and her companions are escorted to a small boat wi electric motor. Once they are seated the boat chugs away from the landing stage and off into the darkness. Bruno steps into the foreground and gets into the next bo which floats alongside. He, too, moves away into the darkness.
12) 108) text: The group of Miriam and her companions are scrambling out their boat and moving onto the island, one of the boys tr the boat on the shore. They disappear into the Woods of t island. Again Bruno's boat comes into the picture. He steps out, lift the prow of the boat a little onto the shore.
12) 109) text: We see the amusement park lighted beyond the lake. Silhouetted in the foreground, the trees and foliage of t island. Nearby we see the silhouetted figures of Miriam a her companions move across the scene, right to left. Miri is pushing George away from her. MIRIAM
12) 111) text: Miriam! Miriam backs out of the bushes   until the back of her he in CLOSEUP in the foreground of   the shot. Suddenly she steps in back of her and turns   her head toward CAMERA. face changes as she recognizes   someone offscene. MIRIAM
12) 112) text: Oh! She gives a coy smile of recognition. CAMERA   PULLS BACK reveal the mad and shoulders of Bruno between  Miriam and camera. His hand holds Guy's lighter which he   flicks on he raises it above Miriam's face. 0f Bruno, we  see only back of his head and shoulders. BRUNO
12) 113) text: Is your name Miriam? MIRIAM
12) 114) text: (with surprise) Why yes. How did you -- Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                 35 We see Bruno's gloved hands dart quickly to Miriam's thro The lighter falls down out of picture, and as Bruno's han grip her throat, his head moves slightly to blot out Miri face. His head moves a bit farther until Miriam's face is nearly uncovered at the other side of the screen, and we her glasses fall off.
12) 115) text: Miriam's glasses hit the ground. The shadows of their struggling figures over the shot.
12) 117) text: Miriam's head drops into the picture by the glasses. Bruno's hand comes into the picture and picks up the glas One of the lenses has been broken by Miriam's fall. As we see Bruno's sport shoes move away, the CAMERA MOVES PAST MIRIAM'S HEAD until it comes to Guy's lighter presse into the earth.
12) 120) text: We see a full view of the island again, with the amusemen park beyond. The faint noise of the calliope continues in the distance. Bruno has been lost to view. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                  3 Miriam's companions are still searching for her.   We hea their faint voices in the distance.
12) 124) text: There are two boats unloading. Bruno's boat is approachin We hear a loud call from the island. Someone has found Miriam. VOICES
12) 164) text: Guy's hands taking Miriam's glasses from Bruno.    One of lenses is broken. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                41.
13) 0) text: Guy is standing at the telephone which is still ringing. has Miriam's glasses in his hand. He looks down at them f a moment, then picks up the receiver. He hesitates, then speaks into the phone.
13) 12) text: SENATOR BURTON and BARBARA BURTON are seated near a desk the farthest side of the room. Senator Burton is a distinguished fifty, a man with great pride in tradition, his family and his career. Barbara, Anne's younger sister is a lively seventeen who loves excitement, says exactly what she thinks and rarely thinks before she says it. Superficially, in height and figure, she resembles Miriam She also weirs glasses. By her gestures we gather she is speaking urgently, but softly, to her father, who lifts a weary hand to quiet her as she looks toward Guy in the hallway, Barbara keeps quiet and also looks toward Guy. They both wait for him to enter.
13) 22) text: Miriam...murdered. ANNE
13) 60) text: look at one another with a growing realization of what Miriam's death actually means to their happiness -- they free.
15) 4) text: Miriam's mother, dressed all in black, is seated in one o the chairs. She has been staring at the floor, but brings her eyes up slowly to glare at Guy with a look of burning hatred. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org                55.
15) 8) text: The two boys who were with Miriam at the amusement park. They look at Guy with interest.
21) 13) text: What did Miriam look like, Guy. GUY
21) 52) text: Guy's hands take out the Luger. His hand then picks up Miriam's glasses from the drawer, holds them a moment. He is about to put them back, then decides to take them alon puts them into his pocket.
30) 19) text: We see that the paper is open at the sports page. There i a picture of Guy among other tennis players. WITH A DISSO the whole character of this page changes with the excepti of Guy's picture, which becomes surrounded with large typ announcing the arrest of Guy Haines for the murder of his wife Miriam. A sub-heading tells of Guy's cigarette light found at the scene of the crime. All this DISSOLVES AWAY and the page becomes once more the sports section.