12) 0) text: The scene opens on a CLOSEUP OF A MAN'S HANDS. One of the is semi-flexed and turning slowly, The other is receiving the final touches of a manicure. CAMERA PULLS BACK to reveal that these are Bruno's hands, and that, he is studying them moodily, CAMERA PULLS BACK FARTHER to reveal his mother, MRS. ANTHONY, sitting oppos him at a little table in the Anthony living room. She is working with scissors, file and nail buffer. Mrs. Anthony is a gentle, once pretty woman, whose pastel exterior har a tigress-like determination to protect her son, Bruno is his robe and is unshaven. There is evidence of long established wealth in the heavy dark appointments of this room. MRS. ANTHONY
12) 2) text: (almost dreamily as he admires the free hand) I like them to look just right. Mrs. Anthony looks up, notices his moody expression. MRS. ANTHONY
12) 7) dialog: You look so Pale, dear. Are you out of vitamins? BRUNO
12) 8) text: I bought a bottle of them yesterday. A whole fifth. Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org              22. MRS. ANTHONY
12) 9) text: (anxiously) But you have that 'look'. I can always tell. You haven't got into any more mischief, Bruno? He denies this with a slow, solemn shake of his head. MRS. ANTHONY
12) 11) text: (sharply) Which one? MRS. ANTHONY
12) 13) text: (his eyes dancing) I was only kidding, Ma. Besides, what would the president say? MRS. ANTHONY
12) 16) dialog: (placating him) Now,    now, Let's not lose control. Come    see my painting, dear -- (she leads him toward an easel)
12) 20) text: You're wonderful, Ma! It's the old boy, all right. That's father! MRS. ANTHONY
12) 22) text: (to Bruno) They are ready with your call to Southampton, Sir. Bruno's father MR. ANTHONY, purposefully enters the livin room. He an impeccably dressed business man with an uncompromising eye. His entrance momentarily blocks Bruno exit. MRS. ANTHONY
12) 34) text: (sotto voce) Bruno, Guy. Bruno Anthony. Don't you remember? On the train. The voices of Mr. and Mrs. Anthony can still be heard in dispute as Bruno listens at phone: MRS. ANTHONY
25) 11) dialog: Oh, now, Miss Burton, really! I know Bruno's been in some very awkward scrapes, but nothing so ridiculous as a murder. (she gives a short little laugh) ANNE
25) 12) text: (desperately) But, Mrs. Antony, you've got to make him do something about this. Don't you see that just one word from him would extricate Guy from this dreadful situation?
25) 13) dialog: (lightly) Oh, but Miss Burton, I'm sure this thing must be some practical joke. You know, Bruno sometimes goes too far. (girl to girl) Of course I shouldn't be saying this to an outsider, but sometimes he's terribly irresponsible and gets into all kinds of escapades. ANNE
25) 14) text: But don't you understand, Mrs. Antony -- your son is responsible for a woman's death. MRS. ANTONY
25) 16) text: Of course not, Mrs. Antony. MRS. ANTONY
25) 18) text: Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org               102. MRS. ANTONY (CONT'D)