19) 139) text: So few murderers are caught. The Judge moves out of the way. Bruno smiles blandly at t ladies. One of them speaks to him. MRS. CUNNINGHAM
19) 142) dialog: Me?   I'm not interested in murder. Bruno pulls up a chair to face the two woman on the sette sits down, straddling the seat, to look at them over the back of the chair and settle down for a nice conversation Converted to PDF by www.screentalk.org       81.
19) 144) dialog: (laughs) Good heavens, no!
19) 146) dialog: (squirms, giggling) Well...
19) 148) dialog: Mrs. Cunningham.
19) 150) dialog: (entering into the spirit of the play) Well, I suppose I'll have to get a gun from somewhere.
19) 157) text: (he is thoroughly enjoying himself) That's better, Mrs. Anderson. But Mrs. Cunningham is in a dreadful hurry. Poison could take...let's see...ten to twelve weeks, if poor Mr. Cunningham is to die from natural causes. MRS. CUNNINGHAM
19) 164) text: Oh!  no. (he takes a drink and puts his glass down) Now, when I nod my head, just see if you can cry out, and I bet you can't. (he places his hands around Mrs. Cunningham's neck) Now with my two thumbs...you see that's where I'll be able to prevent any sound coming from you. Now, just wait for the nod of my head.
19) 172) text: Bruno's wrists and hands and the neck of his victim. We c just see Mrs. Cunningham's chin at the top of the screen. Her head is tossing from side to side. Her hands are clutching at Bruno's wrists. The hands of the other two women, also in the picture, are pulling at Bruno's wrists Mrs. Cunningham's hands begin to slide off. Her head drop back. Over this we HEAR cries of: VOICES
19) 174) text: His body is swaying slightly at the various efforts to dr him away from Mrs. Cunningham. His eyes begin to close, a slowly he falls away from the picture in a dead faint on floor.
19) 175) text: There is a rush of people around Mrs. Cunningham, who is breathing frantically, her eyes opening and closing. A co of women are feebly slapping her hands, someone else is fanning her face.
19) 178) text: Anne rushes into the picture. She sees Bruno being helped to his feet; then turns her attention to Mrs. Cunningham, who has now somewhat recovered. Mrs. Cunningham is helped to the settee. There is a babble of women's voices trying to explain what has happened.
21) 12) text: (breaks in) He stared at her again tonight -- while his hands were around Mrs. Cunningham's throat. Guy looks at Anne with an expression of growing fear and alarm. She goes on inexorably: ANNE