0) 161) text: They walk toward Bick's Duesenberg where ANGEL OBREGON, t @river, is stowing some baggage. Nearby, a.MEXICAN BOY is holding the horse deside the trailer. Lesiie hurries to War Winds,
0) 162) text: She comforts the horse as he looks anxiously around at al ‘wide open spaces, In the b.g. we faintly hear Bick, in S giving Angel a dressing down for being late with the car Such an important occasion. Leslie moves in their directi
0) 163) text: as Leslie enters, 7 oo BICK: . , . These people never will learn to take responsibility. Angel hears this, shrugs. Leslie, perhaps as a gesture of intercession on Angel's behalf, puts out her hand in a fr way and says -+ . °° (CONTINUED)
0) 166) dialog: Bien vem.do - an los novios. - He casts a tentative look in Bick's direction, then timid proffers the flowez's to Leslie,
0) 171) text: - Angel -- Angel Obregon. LESLIE: . ‘ That's a very beautiful name. Gracias, Angel Obregon. . .t
1) 22) text: . “watching this, He is strangely moved, confronted thus ( death end the loss of a good friend, CAMERA PANS FROM h . a little group of servants, The girls and men are watch A horse NEIGHS outside, Reflected is the fact that Luz is breathing her last, They start MURMURING words of reveren The youngest drops to her Imees in prayer. Lupe sobs, The CAMERA LEAVES THEM and PANS TO Luz's couch, The nurse is 1 € - . covering all of her form with a bright serape, exce fo ‘and spurs, a :
4) 36) text: A birthday party fcr the Benedict twins, ate four, is in progress. We see Cordy and his twin sister, Judy, blowing four candles on a tirthday cake, Jordy is dressed in a ma Ticent cowboy suit and is wearing an. over-nize Stetson, a@round the childrer. are Bick, and Uncle Bawley, and Les with the baby Luz in her arms. Vashti and Pinky are there their three children, girls -- age two, thiee, and four, sent also are Adarcne and Bale, and Judge Whiteside, Belo veranda stands a group of other Reata people -=- prominen the patrician Old Iolo, and the Obregons with their boy, Angel, now five, ‘the vaquero leads the horse right up to veranda steps, The “ohs" and “ahs" and "cuoings®™ of the are meant to give impetus to the forlorn little Jordy, wh eyeing the proceedings with less than enthusiasm, : LESLIE: . Oh, my! My! - Isn't he a beanty?t
4) 47) text: ; sf (in Spanish) ‘ Angel! No!
6) 319) text: 4n his seldom worn collar and tie. The deep’lines in his face serve as convenient channels for unashemed tears. He feels a hand on his shoulder. CAMERA PULLS SACK, He looks up to see Bick Benedict alongside of him. Folded over Bic arm is Reata's heirioom, the Lone Star Flag. He drapes it over the arm of Old Polo. Nothing is said “put as these t men look one another squarely in the eye, much is underst Polo walks ove to the greveside and lays the folded flag the box, at ti2 foot, so that now young Angel's mortal re
10) 157) text: strangely tense,