0) 7) text: in the open car. Dr. Lynnton is driving and his companion (BICK BENEDICT), sits by his side “looking right and left miring the beautiful green countryside, He reacts to a SO which Dr, Lynnton also hears, and moves to stcp the car. LONG SHOT AT HEDGEROW . From the nearby woortlland a fox streaks acrozs the road, sued by hounds, Immediately following are THE RIDERS ~~ pink-coated huntsmen and women in riding habits. -- all l the hedges, Among the first group of riders is LESLI£ LYN mounted on the magnificent black stallion WAR WINDS, She bounds across the road in the lead, following the hounds. ‘1
0) 10) dialog: (excitedly) There he is, there's the stallion, That's War Winds, .
0) 13) dialog: Leslie's my daughter. She's riding him.
0) 34) dialog: ow,’ Leslie - you know that horse is just too spirited for any woman to ride,
0) 51) dialog: What now, Nancy?
0) 84) text: Dr. Lynnton and Swazey have been standing watching the ri As bick diamounts ea GROOM takes the bridle end lcads War ‘Bway.
0) 89) dialog: Well, come elong, Jordan, We'll get breakfast and get going.. ” prssoxve: :
0) 100) dialog: But, Leslie, you musn't talk like that to a Texan, They feel very strongly about their state.
0) 104) dialog: Oh, Leslie -- First you attack a man's country and now you try and pry into his family life. (taking BICK breath) , ti a deep brea’ : . Thank you, Dector. (folds his napkin) Texas is the place for women. -Here they _ Bet pampered and spoiled out of all reason, Lacey edges into a chair next to Leslie. .
0) 110) text: . (looks at his watch with a start) Gotta hurry. Mr. Benedict and I are going now, + Goodbye, everybody. . So saying, Dr. Lynnton rises and goes out the ‘door. Bick at the threshold to wait as Leslic passes. He turns to go ‘along with wher » but Mrs, Lynnton engages him. MRS, LYNNTON: . Who, may I ask, is the lucky young lady you're going to marry -- with al those cows? EXT. VERANDA . Dr. Lynnton, hurrying, doscends the stairs, Leslie hesita at tho top. :
0) 111) dialog: ‘n get tho car. (CONTINUED )
0) 116) dialog: Come along, Benedict, if you're going to catch that train; Leslie looks around to Bick, finds his eyes on hers, She and starts slowly down the Stairs, drawing him with her. appears at doorway in b.g., gulping her breakfast. 0.8, train whistle, eo - oe MRS. LYNNTON: Dear me, it.all sounds so romantic, Lacey moves slightly to let Karfrey emerge from inside. H ‘ bright and fresh, Nhere's everybody?
2) 184) dialog: sitting at their breakfast, He is reading the letter, she looking at snapshot, DR. LYNNTON: . 'I am now stronger than‘ever end am helping a young Doctor Guerra get started here, Most every day I find myself walking three or four miles! --
4) 92) text: They are in the rose garden, beside the Lynnton house. He eyes follow the riders, Her expression is one of approval and perhaps a shade of wistfulness. Dr. Lynnton is studyi her, As the riders pess, greetings arc cachanged,
4) 95) dialog: Except those new Benedicts -- Jordy and “gudy and your little Luz, . ’ Leslie turns away. DR. LYNNTON:s So you don't see eye to eye on a lot of things’ =- you love the boy, and you love his children, I suppose he loves them too,
4) 108) text: a a. ee © 1239. ctoseup  RUGE TURKEY Roasted and brown, : DR. LYNNTON'S VOICE; Oh, most merciful Fether, we bow our heads in gratitude on this our Thanksgiving Day. We give _. ‘thee humble and hearty thanks for this, thy . c bounty -- 2h. MED. SHOT LESLIE AND THE CHILDREN She joins the older two in pantomiming to the little one stop crying. Leslie's aid contributes wealness rather tha strength, for now the two older children, infected by the grief of their little sister, join in the tearful reactio ‘the browned carcass of their deperted frierd, v 241, CLOSE SHOT DR, LYNNTON He continues with the prayer. has uo : ew bescoching thee to continue thy loving kKinan : to us, that our land mzy still yield her increase, to thy glory and our comfort, Amen, 2h2, FULL SHOT THE GROUP around the table, Or. Lynnton, having finished, picks up cutlery’and with a surgeon's grace is about to sever a dr _8tick, He hesitates as the children's cries grow louder,