6) 155) text: Hello, Dostor Benedict. JORDY: Le . You're a little premature, Doctor Guerra. “DR. GUERRA: . (nods knowingly) I know. It takes time. -- Jordan, this is Juana, She's training at the hospital, Juana offers her hand. As Jordy takes it they are flicked with a shock of static spark. Jordy laughs. Juana smiles. (CONTINUED)
6) 279) text: CAMERA PULLS PACK aad discloses the beauty of Juana.
6) 296) text: Jordy and Juana, hand in hand, thread their way through t - noisy crowd to Leslie, where Soray confides to his moth something that we cannot hear, Leslie seems riot quite to ‘comprehend: what he said, He repeats it. Juana's face re flects pride and tcuching uncertzinty as to how this news be received, Now Leslie regards the two young people with mingling of happiness and apprehension as she glances in direction, She kisses Juana impulsively, then with them s makes her way through the whirling crowd tc Bick, who is ding up at Luz perched on the high civing toard, Jordy co his news to Bick who fails to hear above the din what Jor has said, We see Jordy pass along, takeing Juana with him where Pinky is calling the dance,
6) 325) text: PAN UP TO Juana, wio is holding the child, maconna-like. Jordy behind her, is looking at the infant with almost pr fessional interest, PAN OVER TO CLOSSUP ef Bick, looking down at the dark-e;ed baby, His face wears trouble. PAS T CLOSEUP of Leslie, as she glances to catch Bick's exoress
6) 442) dialog: as they press their wey through a milling JROWD of high- fashion Texans, CAMERA PANS WITH THEM. A BELLBOY relieves Jordy of the luggaze. They pass Lona Lane, who is signing autographs and being photographed with som: important loo Ang people. Jordy comes up to the reservation desk and as an ASSISTANT MANAGER for his reservation,
6) 443) dialog: I'm a wrsck, I must get in the beauty parler.
6) 444) text: You run lor it before they close, I'll take the baby, . Juana passes the child to Jordy. She takes a step or two, notices the house-yvhone, picks it up and asks for the be parlor... CAMERA HOLDS ON Jordy and the Assistant Menager
6) 447) dialog: Can you take me? -- Thank goodness! «j= I'll be right in, -- Mrs. Benedict, -<- Thank you. "GIANT" fa /38 - FINAL mo, 139.
6) 452) dialog: a ) ‘ Anybody here? A young, blondish OPERATOR appears — sizes Juana up.
6) 454) text: "Grant" W//5s eo oO FINAL . 0. 358 (Cont. ) . o~ . = YOUNG OPERATOR: we . We're all booked up.. c JUANA: I just called -- An older OPERATOR comes out, superior in renk to the firs one, She looks Juana over, casts a knowinz look in the c direction of her associate and says «=
8) 0) text: Juana is sitting there, waiting, as a well-dressed, blond YOUNG WOMAN enters, The Younger Operator steps out to mee
8) 6) text: Oh, hello, Juana, -- Yes, he's right here, -- Jordy, it's for you. i . Jordy COMES INTO SHOT, takes the phone,
9) 11) text: Members only. : Jordy brushes him eside, crosses to ‘bartender, taking i along by the hand, a JORDY: Where's Hink? - : ° BARTENDER : (thumbs in the direction of the terrace) _ Se went thata way. Jordy ‘heads in this direction hurriedly, Juana with hin,
9) 27) text: Over the shoulder of Jordy and Juana, we see Jett Rink at -far end, as the crowd makes way for him to pass on to th Bick, Leslie, the General and his wife, and Bale Clinch, TOASTMASTER ¢ .in a very few minutes now, folks, this program will be on the air. (CONTINUED )
9) 40) text: Jordy and Juana have entered and are standing there wet a disheveled, Jordy is deoking around,
9) 43) dialog: JORDY : os You just stay here, honey. CAMERA WITH HIM, he pushes by an attendant and heads for center aisle, He catches Jett Just as he reaches the dais
9) 65) text: “NgqAnT" “U/Y/55 + FINAL idl. LONGER SHOT Do The place is astir as the two thread their wey toward the swinging doors, Leslie makes her way toward the archway — where Jordy and Juana were, She looks for them, TOASTMASTER : (0.8.) . To introduce the guest of honor, we hear from that wise Texas mentor whose orinions and judgments have contributed so much to the law and ‘the folklore of the great Southwest <- Judge Cliver Whiteside, (applause)
10) 28) text: 493. INT. BEDROOM CORONADO SUITE . - oy “The large glass doors to the balcony have :een flung ove Leslie and Luz are standing there quietly (in the beg.) a sorbed in the tranquility of the changed ssene., We can observe Juana and Lupe, the maid, in a far pert of the ro attending the sleeping babies. The only thing audible is Juana's voice crooning Brahms! lullaby, in Spanish. Bick slumped in the big chair in the f.g., no movement at all, -meditating, thinking hard, CLOSE. TO CAMERA, Jordy talks the telephone, . - .
10) 37) dialog: goes into next bedroom,
10) 44) text: r . : FINAL ae? : 4yoS (Cont.) A. BICK; (Cont.) Cy . You knew what you were doing when you married o . in that direction, (a flick of his head toward Juana) -I told you myself the morning after you broke the news -- remember? I told you then that I imew Juana was a mighty fine girl - but when you . and she married you were askin! for trouble. © . : Remembes I told you that? -- There are lots of - people ‘:n our part of the country jumpy about that sort of thing. Jett's only one of them.
10) 120) text: ———]Vs_—$—————————_—_  —v—vnx—vw—r—n an "GIANT" 55° FHIAL 1a 25 (Cont. ) Juana, In the bac seat ere Luz and Leslie, holding little Jordy Benedict, th: Fourth. Leslie and Juana wave at the plane overhead, The distant engines have aot interrupted gay and noisy singing of a song. Bick, Leslie, end Juana in their various ways, giving out with a rendition of "SO . OF THE BORDER", Laz displays little interest and sits s ’dmacorner, Bick indicates the plane ovevhead.
10) 133) text: "GIANT" y/a/S5 A FINAL : 167. . 29 (Cont.) oS in her seat, The Jaguar, with a gay honk of its horn, . ~ ahead, The singing is now interrupted by a sudden fit crying on the part of the baby, Juana looks back to Lesli - .
10) 134) dialog: . I believe he is hungry.
10) 140) text: mm . Or some fried chicken. No more this high- | “OU . . falootin' stuff. Let's stop in this drive-in -. : — * an' have chicken in the basket - and we can . gust eat it with our fingers, . | DISSOLVE; 430, \jINT, SARGE'S PLACE @- chromium and spic-an'+span. Behind the counter is SARG with his back to us, a great bull of aman, ladling hot wa into the coffee wn, He is accompanying this effort with " some strident, verbal horseplay with a TRUCK DRIVER, Bi - his party enter, Juana carrying the child. Sarge turns acimowledge his new customers. A fleeting expression of d pleasure crosses his face, .
10) 141) text: being seated in a booth by the window, The emphasis from angle is on Juana and the child, so
10) 164) text: | , @rant™ oS fuss a FINAL . 41 (Cont. ) LA Mia . SARGE: Cy You're in th! wrong place. \ . ” (with a gesture) c Let's go, Vamoose, Andale! Old man makes a feoble indication with his purse that he money enough. . Wy2. ‘FLASH SBICK AND THE FAMILY AT THE BOOTH ' The feeling of tension which held Juana now holds the g Leslie's reflex 4 is to talk,