0) 213) text: to show LUZ BENEDICT, who has been hastening to the doorw stopped in her tracks not ten feet from ths ardent couple She just stands there. -Leslie looks about the room, LESLIE: and Oh -- it's cool, . Bick tips her to her feet. She staggers azainst him and t both notice Luz at the same time. : Due: oe I thought somebody was hurt maybs.
0) 216) dialog: Welcome indeed, We've been looking for you for weeks, . (she smilos and shakes Leslie's hand firmly)
0) 218) dialog: With all the Spring work to be done + the roundup -- IT didn't figure Bick would stay away.
0) 223) dialog: (a slight smile on her face) Jordan and Jett ere everlastingl:r jangling about something. 'Scuse me. We can faintly hear the sound of ‘the men's voices as she walks out. .
0) 224) text: . Jett getting out of the car. JETT: . ‘ I'd have gone on down the road, like you said. She wanted me to stay on and work, you, gone and all, I stayed on, Lot of thanks I get. Bick looks around, sees Luz - who indicates a slight conf : : tion of what Jett said, a
0) 228) text: All right. You just do your work, JETT: . Just tell me who's boss around here and rf : I'll do like they say. Jett starts for the car but steps as Lesliz comes out of house, He looks at her somewhat boldly ani waits as if fo sn introduction, Bick feels this. u : LUZ: . . Jett, this is Bick's new wife, Leslie, this boy here is Jett Rink, He works for us.
0) 231) dialog: Mou'd better get going, Jett. Get that truck fixed, Jett hesitates for a fraction, gets back in the car mutte JETT: . Nobody's king in this country - nobody - no matter what they think. . “ "Bhek almost ‘smiles at this, turns, takes Leslie tow house, co - .
0) 235) dialog: Sure -- We've even had 'em sleeping on cots - down there in the hall, Remember the time of the big rodeo, Bick? . . * They proceod ‘along the balcony,
0) 236) dialog: (laughs heertily) . Yeh - Kale Beebe blew in higher than a kite. Slept on the sofa 'n Bick's office, Must have rode nightmares all night, cause he cut the couch to ribbons with his spurs. They come to a stop where some servants are talking suitc d4nto a room,
0) 237) dialog: This her's Bick's room, |. . : (starts off down the hall} And this down here is your room, honey. She stops walking, sensing that she is not being followed There is utter silence for a moment, then leslie laughs a little and Bick docs too, Their humor grows -- they langh heartily, as two pospls Logether in spirit can.
0) 239) text: Bick, sobering, pats Luz's shoulder kindly. : -  BICK: . Look, sis, we're married. You know how that is. We're having those big connecting rooms. Ons of - ‘em we'll fix for a sitting room - where the : breeze will get us - where we can sit and talk.
0) 241) dialog: Yeh - sure, Of course,
0) 246) text: LONG SHOT CENTER OF Ti1. MAIN HALL . NIGHT There we see Bick and Lesite -- she is dressed for dinner a rather delicate tea gown end Bick is in canvas pants an brush jJack.t open at the throat. He is telking animatedl about the ornamental display of flags that stand above th staffs projecting from the wall. . BICK: . . The six flags, They're the history of Texas, honey. This is the first one = the Spanish flag. Then comes ths French, then the Mexican, Honey, this is the flag of the Republic of Texas. Fae holds the tip of the barmer and displays it with a restrained air of deep pride) - Our fifth flag was this, the flag of the Confederate - States -. : LESLIE: a (seeing the last.one, helps out), Don't tell me - the flag of the United States, From the direction of the dining hall we hear the clatter Luz's approaching footsteps, They turn to greet her. She enters and pulls ur short as she looks at Leslie, :
0) 247) dialog: Well, come on in! Where's ‘the party at? My! Leslie stands there somewhat taken aback,
0) 253) dialog: That's so, Bick, .. . - (to Leslie) - . “You haven't got a ‘thing to worry ahout, honsr. After a moment's silence -- -DISSOLVEs:
0) 259) text: as Leslie comes dewn the stoirwey, dressed prettily for r She opens’ the big front door and stands there looking in @irection that Bick has gone. The wind is blowing the dus and as she closes the door the CAMERA PANS to include Luz is standing there looking at Leslie. : LUZ: . Howdy. Petra's got your breakfast ready. *
0) 262) dialog: Been too hot for you. I told him so. : LESLIE: . Oh? : ” puzs Petra! Bring that in here. (to Leslie) You got to stay out of that sun. It's rough. Petra enters and puts a tray down in front of Leslie. Not able, particularly, is a steak with a fried egg on top of (CONTINUED )
0) 266) dialog: Sit down, Your blood's too thin, That's the trouble with a lot of Easterners, .
0) 269) text: whe has stepped the business ef buttering her toas e a t watching Luz as she exits. . Gu her fac determination,
0) 270) text: Bick is dressed for a party, Western fashion, Leslie is dressed rather smartly in a costume that seems somewhat t fragile for her surroundings. ‘They are amidst a GROUP CF , PEOPLE gathered for an.olé-fashioned barbacoa. Leslie l ‘up to catch the sun and shields her eyes from its force. moves over under the meager shade from one lone tree, dre the group with her. She leans against the tree and laughs pleased to be sheltered from the sun. . LUZ: . Leslie, this is Ida Rose Motten = and this is Jo Ella Eeezer, and Eula Jakes, (as the girls pass Leslie, they shake hands) Miz Wirt Tanner - Aurie Hildebrand, Fernie Kling. ee girl at the end of the line has stopped and just stand ere, . (cowrINUED)
0) 283) dialog: She has moved over to supervise the ceremonious cooking o the. barbacoa,
0) 284) dialog: Bick! You - Bick: Come here! | BACK T0 GROUP . ; Tin cups of corn whiskey are ‘being passed around.
0) 304) text: : * (vrays) : : EAT IT WHILE IT'S HOT? . " Leslie summons her remaining strength then staggers a l and faints in Bick's arms, He picks her up and is carryin her through the crowd, PAN TO CLOSEUP OF Luz. .. i LUZ: : - Yep «- that's what I was 'fraid of,
0) 308) text: being hanmered vigorously. The hand that holds the iron b as we PULL. BACK, is revealed to be Leelie's, She is dres in workman-like riding clothes, Standing behind her are t Mexican girls, watching, Leslie turns quickly and goes in re . +, DISSOLVE: ‘ oe ‘TEE MAIN HALLWAY . . Luz has ‘just come down the stairs, and senses something Stops as Leslie comes in from the kitchen followed by the
0) 317) dialog: ra see that she rides a-more gentle animal if I was ‘Fou, Bick, LONG SHOT LUZ IN B.G. Leslie takes a short hold on War Winds! bridle and as he in a spin she throws herself up into the saddle. Bick and ‘ Leslie ride off. .
0) 338) text: Jett drives: - Luz:on the seat beside him. We can tell fr their interest that they have just seen the exchange of affection between Bick and Leslie. Jett lurches the vehic to miss a calf, .
0) 339) text: sees this. : a “BIO That no~good, ‘Injun_broke so and so -- if he runs down one of those calves I'll dehorn him myself. The vehicle comes into scene and stops, Luz steps out. Sh wearing her riding outfit.
0) 340) dialog: Howdy - - everybody. .
0) 354) dialog: I know how to’ handle Mexicans. Doin! it all my life, They'd cit on their honkers all day if I didn't keep after ‘then. “
0) 356) dialog: (cooling off) Well - I thought we'd better talk without Her - around, I just don't want to feel youtre settin' up against me, Bick. He puts his hand gently on the old gal's shoulder, BICK; Now look, Luz, I'm not going to set up against - you - and just you don't set up- against me, This gal's my wife - and you're fair enough, I think, to try and get along with her, She just stands there thinking hard, Bick turns around to horse and mounts. - . Luz: . (reaching a conclusion) Well. -.all right. I'll catch up a horse and help push the stock along for a while, Maybe it'll make me feel better. : . She starts towards the remuda. ~
0) 358) dialog: When I g2t enough I'll ride on in. See you, Bick. CLOSEUP JETT AND LESLIE . @riving along. Sensing that he's tense in her presence, s speaks to put him at ease,
0) 369) dialog: Keep at on, Juarez. itil ride him,
0) 371) dialog: Maybe veu came here to show me how to run things too. . (a gleam of temper in her eyes) Let's go! With that she puts the sharp rowels of her big spurs into horse's flanks, Juarez steps back as she and War Winds ta off fast, the horse somewhat in hand but very skittish. watching this with a look ef concern.
1) 12) text: eC . (¢)) "orant™ JS FIYAL oe igi’? 11k (Cont. ) , : 115. a SMALL GROUP OF RANCH HANDS standing around War Winds. T truck with Jett ani Leslie PULLS IN from the b.g., STOPS, They get out of the car and head for the front door, Cant WITH THEM, Leslie hesitates for a moment beside the injur horse, asks a question as to whet may be wrong. The loite hesitate and give ner no satisfactory answer, The CAMERA FOLLOWS her to the front door, Jett is waiting there. He opens the door for her to go in first. He then follows. INT, ‘THE BIG MAIN HALL Luz is lying on ths couch breathing heavily. The NURSE is ministering to her as DOCTOR TOM WALKER stands alongside talking to Bick. There are a NUMBER OF OTHER PEOPLF in th voom standing around, tense and anxious. Some of the Mexi servants are by ths kitchen door, two men have their hats their hands, Lupe and Petra are busying taemselves helpin _ the nurse, Leslie crosses over to Bick and looks down a
1) 22) text: . “watching this, He is strangely moved, confronted thus ( death end the loss of a good friend, CAMERA PANS FROM h . a little group of servants, The girls and men are watch A horse NEIGHS outside, Reflected is the fact that Luz is breathing her last, They start MURMURING words of reveren The youngest drops to her Imees in prayer. Lupe sobs, The CAMERA LEAVES THEM and PANS TO Luz's couch, The nurse is 1 € - . covering all of her form with a bright serape, exce fo ‘and spurs, a :
4) 36) text: A birthday party fcr the Benedict twins, ate four, is in progress. We see Cordy and his twin sister, Judy, blowing four candles on a tirthday cake, Jordy is dressed in a ma Ticent cowboy suit and is wearing an. over-nize Stetson, a@round the childrer. are Bick, and Uncle Bawley, and Les with the baby Luz in her arms. Vashti and Pinky are there their three children, girls -- age two, thiee, and four, sent also are Adarcne and Bale, and Judge Whiteside, Belo veranda stands a group of other Reata people -=- prominen the patrician Old Iolo, and the Obregons with their boy, Angel, now five, ‘the vaquero leads the horse right up to veranda steps, The “ohs" and “ahs" and "cuoings®™ of the are meant to give impetus to the forlorn little Jordy, wh eyeing the proceedings with less than enthusiasm, : LESLIE: . Oh, my! My! - Isn't he a beanty?t
4) 120) dialog: (erightay) a . . Daddy? . Jordy and Judy uncloud too, ‘ .JORDY:: 7 Is he coming for dinner?
4) 122) dialog: Iowont daddy, Luz bursts into tears, This sets off the other two again and Leslio, completoly undermined, joins them, .
6) 16) dialog: She was a character! -- They say she was always trying to keep him -- : (a quiet nod toward her father) from getting merried, -- He had to sneak off to marry you.
6) 22) dialog: Somebody -- I forget. ' (confidentially, to her rother) They say every girl in.Texas tr’.ed to catch pepa -- They said, quote, there wasn't a prize bull like him since Sam Houston got married,
6) 25) dialog: - (leaving) Really - it all sounds so fascirating and uncouth.
6) 28) dialog: Nobody.
6) 109) dialog: I'll get it. LUZ: . Hello «-- Yes «- No, this is her daughter. (giving with therm) You dia? -- Well, you'll heve to find that out for yourself.
6) 110) dialog: 
6) 111) text: Look, Luz = take your social life onto the other phone, will you?
6) 112) dialog: It's for you, (puts receiver to one side) I think he's nice,
6) 120) dialog: What will I tell him?
6) 143) dialog: Youtre in for it, Judy - you know mother wanted a ote wedding.
6) 221) dialog: That's tre Christmas spirit, dad - give it ell . back to she poor Indians. His eyes follow he: with a silent reprimand, of which she unaware, “301. MED, SHOT FRONT DOOR Luz opens it, Standing there is a figure long foreign to this portal -- Jett Rink. He is handsomely dressed, hat i hand, Behind him we see Watts and another MAN standing by @ luxurious sedan,
6) 226) dialog: No, I'm Luz.
6) 228) dialog: That I an -- come in.. They shake hands and are touched by a little static shock
6) 229) dialog: Let me have your hat, Dad's.at the bar, Come this way. They exit.
6) 232) dialog: Christmas greetings, from Mr, Jetexas, himself,
6) 240) dialog: 6 . .Bye bye. Bye, Mr. Rink,
6) 291) text: Her face is aglow with excitement, She i: looking up, arm outstretched in welcome, As CAMERA ANGLE WIDENS, we see h smiling family -- Leslie, Bick, Luz, ete.
6) 296) text: Jordy and Juana, hand in hand, thread their way through t - noisy crowd to Leslie, where Soray confides to his moth something that we cannot hear, Leslie seems riot quite to ‘comprehend: what he said, He repeats it. Juana's face re flects pride and tcuching uncertzinty as to how this news be received, Now Leslie regards the two young people with mingling of happiness and apprehension as she glances in direction, She kisses Juana impulsively, then with them s makes her way through the whirling crowd tc Bick, who is ding up at Luz perched on the high civing toard, Jordy co his news to Bick who fails to hear above the din what Jor has said, We see Jordy pass along, takeing Juana with him where Pinky is calling the dance,
6) 329) text: in blue and gold, es the MUSIC SWELLS in a BRASSY, REGAL EFFECT, which requests the presence of the Benedicts cn t occasion of the dedication of the Jett Rink Airport in co fonction with the opening of his new hotel, the -Eaperedo at Hermoso, LESLIE'S SITTING ROOM Lo Leslie and Luz, busy with the day's mail, have come onto invitetion, Their choice of apparel varies widely —- Lesl in something that suggests sophistication --'Luz in jeans mogeasins. y
6) 330) dialog: Everyone, just everyone in the world, is going to be there. (dreamily) - I'm going to t1y up to Dellas, and I'm goins + Neiman's, and I'm going to buy a sort of sterlight white, very simple and plain -- and deadly. (CONTINTED)
6) 331) text: “orANT™ "A /y/58 ‘FINAL : 129. CR (Cont. ) ‘ "CD 334 LESLIE; we Before you get so simple -- andi eleborate -- poss. : _ you'd better hear what your father has to say. a ‘ LUZ: . We're certainly going. I promised Jett.. LESLIE: . JETT! -- What are you talking about? Lu2: He likes me, He likes my parents too. He's always talking about you.
6) 378) text: Luz, ina fine, open car, enthroned in the back seat, hold ‘a large bouquet of biuebonnets. . GROUP SHOT BICK, LESLIE, AND VASHTI IN F.G. Leslie looks from the car to Bick with interest. BICK: . What's this? .
6) 399) dialog: Some girls might like a hotel ail to themselves. Me - I like company, Jett. I like lots of people, JETT: . . All rigtt. Lots of people, Thet's the way it's going tc be with you and me, horey, Whatever you want, just say it and you get it. (he pours himself a drink, and one for her)
6) 400) dialog: Okay, I'd like a coke. JETT: . That's impossible — don't ask for the impossible. Soft drinks are taboo here.
6) 401) dialog: You meke the rules?
6) 403) dialog: You like things your own way, doa't you, Jett?
6) 406) dialog: - SO ane
6) 408) dialog: That*s an idea, : JETT: . You looked like a queen in that parade today. (CONTINUED )
6) 411) dialog: Wheat a sweet idea, JETT: ‘ Look = suppose I was to announce it tonight - with a thousend of 'em sittin' there, listening, The whole State of Texas, Woulcn't that blow ‘the roof off? - Jett starts to raise his glass, os Lz: . Jett, tell me something. , JETT: a What? . .
6) 412) dialog: Is this 2 proposel?
6) 414) dialog: After a Sashion - but not quite.
6) 416) dialog: No.
6) 418) dialog: (her hand gently restraining him) * You've got a yone way to go tonight. rises) I'm very flattered - any girl would be. Be a good boy now and I'll seo you later. (CONTINUED)
8) 37) dialog: ' Where are they - mom and dad? BAWLEY: . * Don't trifle with your luck.
8) 38) text: j oe Bick enters, handsomely dressed, ‘ BICK: (sees Luz) Oh, there you are. . co ae . LUZ: yo . .Xou want me, dad?
9) 58) dialog: Jordy - no -
10) 28) text: 493. INT. BEDROOM CORONADO SUITE . - oy “The large glass doors to the balcony have :een flung ove Leslie and Luz are standing there quietly (in the beg.) a sorbed in the tranquility of the changed ssene., We can observe Juana and Lupe, the maid, in a far pert of the ro attending the sleeping babies. The only thing audible is Juana's voice crooning Brahms! lullaby, in Spanish. Bick slumped in the big chair in the f.g., no movement at all, -meditating, thinking hard, CLOSE. TO CAMERA, Jordy talks the telephone, . - .
10) 64) dialog: “fPonigkt meant a lot to Jett - really - I know, ' If I could only think of how to apologize I'd go to him now, but I cent Tace all those people.
10) 66) dialog: Oh?
10) 70) dialog: How awful - he must have been 111 - weak from . Shame or something. JORDY: . Plain drunk - if you'll forgive me. Luz: I don't believe you. At this moment Uncle Bawley enters from the living room, which we hear a babble of voices. Ho surveys tho scene.
10) 76) dialog: I must. ‘BAWLEY: (very formally offers Luz his erm) . I've always had a strange power over your mother. , Bawley opens the door, Luz starts to go with him, turns & moment. . .
10) 77) dialog: I'm sorry, nama, Then she and Uncle Bawley exit.
10) 120) text: ———]Vs_—$—————————_—_  —v—vnx—vw—r—n an "GIANT" 55° FHIAL 1a 25 (Cont. ) Juana, In the bac seat ere Luz and Leslie, holding little Jordy Benedict, th: Fourth. Leslie and Juana wave at the plane overhead, The distant engines have aot interrupted gay and noisy singing of a song. Bick, Leslie, end Juana in their various ways, giving out with a rendition of "SO . OF THE BORDER", Laz displays little interest and sits s ’dmacorner, Bick indicates the plane ovevhead.
10) 129) text: As Bick edges his car over to the right, the Jaguar draws level, It seems in no great hurry to pass. Luz steals a glance at the Jaguar, then looks straight ehead,
10) 131) text: Luz again glances at the car. A softening expression cros her face, Leslie notes it. She and Bick exchange a second look of understanding, which is underscored by an adéed f in their singing. Luz reacts and sits more noticeably upr (CONTINUED)
10) 135) text: - That makes two of us, How about you, Luz?
10) 136) dialog: : (a reflex) . Yeah!