10) 140) text: mm . Or some fried chicken. No more this high- | “OU . . falootin' stuff. Let's stop in this drive-in -. : — * an' have chicken in the basket - and we can . gust eat it with our fingers, . | DISSOLVE; 430, \jINT, SARGE'S PLACE @- chromium and spic-an'+span. Behind the counter is SARG with his back to us, a great bull of aman, ladling hot wa into the coffee wn, He is accompanying this effort with " some strident, verbal horseplay with a TRUCK DRIVER, Bi - his party enter, Juana carrying the child. Sarge turns acimowledge his new customers. A fleeting expression of d pleasure crosses his face, .
10) 145) dialog: wipes his hands on his white apron and walks over, CAMERA HIM, to the booth to better appraise the situation, He st Alongside of Bicl:, Bick leoks up, pressing his intention good humor, .
10) 147) dialog: Uh huh,
10) 148) text: What de you recommend, landiorc:? How's the fried chicken? Sarge still finds his interest in Juena end the child,
10) 152) dialog: Okey. Give 'em what they want.
10) 164) text: | , @rant™ oS fuss a FINAL . 41 (Cont. ) LA Mia . SARGE: Cy You're in th! wrong place. \ . ” (with a gesture) c Let's go, Vamoose, Andale! Old man makes a feoble indication with his purse that he money enough. . Wy2. ‘FLASH SBICK AND THE FAMILY AT THE BOOTH ' The feeling of tension which held Juana now holds the g Leslie's reflex 4 is to talk,
10) 170) dialog: What do you want?
10) 173) dialog: You would, would you?
10) 175) dialog: That gives you special Privileges, huh? c ‘ Tt . BICK: The name Benedict has meent somethin! to people around here for a considerable time,
10) 177) text: (a glance to Bick's table) Thet there papoose, his name Benedict, too? - BICK: . )- (turns and looks et the child). . : Yes, Come to think of it, it is. . rs SARGE: all right - forget I “asked you. You just sit down and we won't have ne trouble, This bunch eats elsewhere, : oe) He picks the old man up by the back of the neck, ce SARGE: Vemoose! co : BICK: . 7 Take your hands off him, . SARGE: © a .Sue me <- ‘Bick roughly pulls Sarge's hand away from the old man's throwing Sarge off balance, Sarge turns livid with anger ; Forgets his first victim, tekes his apron off and start 4h6. TWO SHOT  BICK AND SARGE Bick stands his ground as Sarge comes on, he meets and na him with a well placed punch, whi ch upsets the ‘big fell who expected nothing of this kind, *
10) 180) text: c vm seatter, no 4ho,  BICK AND SARGE . Sarge, really hostile, gets to his feet and comes for B . They engage in ean exchange of blows, and the struggle c : them back and forth around the room,
10) 182) dialog: Bick still hes much skill end he scores heavily, but so d ‘ Sarge. And, he is many, many years the younger man. It @ rugged battle until 3Bick's years count heavily in Sarg . favor, It is pathetic to see Bick's somewhat heroic eff . ‘to avoid tae embarrassment of a physical defeat. In a : Bick is holding on tightly, hoping for a resurgence of ‘But, Sarge pulls loose and Like an execulioner, he draws his right nena end throws the heaviest and cleanest blow ‘far. It lmds mightily and sends ‘3ick spinning and reeli to crash aaidst a litter of debris in the corner of the r Bick sits zlassy-eyed, No new surge of strength comes to spire further effort. : yp
10) 183) text: rushes to Hick and cradles his chastened head in her arms Her feelings run strong end primitive -- pride in this, h man «- the feminine sense to protect the one she loves, 453, ‘FLASH HE TRIUMPHANT SARGE still breathing hard, es he puts or his apron and moves b ‘ the counter. He pulls down @ sign and spins it in Bick' direction, , .