7) 1) text: I wish you'd stop doing that. And rather than taking her picture all the time, you should talk to her. I'm tired of asking you. You heard Dr. Johnston -- people in a coma can hear you -- you know, well, some of them can. It lets them know they're still loved, might even help them wake up sooner. And it'll help you express whatever feelings and emotions you're supposed to be going through -- you know, make you feel better. SCOTTIE
25) 1) dialog: Bad news, Matt. Dr. Chun, Dr. Mueller and I -- we believe her condition, which we call a multi-factorial anoxic encephalopathy, is deteriorating. We see no eye movement, no pupillary response, basically no brainstem reflexes whatsoever. The machines could keep her going, but her quality of life would be... very poor. Basically what you see now. She'll never be like she was, Matt. Never. We know that now.
25) 3) dialog: I can't tell you how sorry I am to have to tell you this. And you have your daughters. There's just nothing we can do.
25) 5) dialog: Not if, Matt. When. I have a legal obligation. You know that.
25) 10) dialog: Hard to say. Could be a few days. Could be two weeks. But for planning purposes, you should work off the shortest possible scenario. I know I need to get the ball rolling on organ donations right away.
25) 12) dialog: Elizabeth has so many friends, a big life. Last time I was at your house, must have been 200 people. If you're going to let people know to say goodbye, which is fairly typical protocol in these situations, start now. By the time the last day comes, they feel more ready, as ready as they can feel. I'm so sorry, Matt.
102) 0) text: While still a hospital room, there is no medical equipmen present. Bucolic colorful paintings on the wall are inten to be uplifting. But unlike the expansive view outside Elizabeth's ICU window, here the window looks out partial at a CINDER-BLOCK WALL. Sid and the Kings are greeted by DR. JOHNSTON and grief counselor DR. HERMAN, who affects a comforting smile.
102) 1) dialog: Hello, everyone. Matt. (off their greetings) This is Dr. Herman, whom I told you about. She works with us in counseling.
102) 2) dialog: (locking eyes with all) Hello, everyone. Hello. Hi.      Hello.
102) 5) text: The adults exchange glances.     Dr. Herman approaches Sc
102) 6) dialog: You must be Scottie. (off her nod --) Scottie, I have a present for you.
102) 7) text: Dr. Herman hands her a little squeaky RUBBER OCTOPUS she pulls from her pocket.
102) 11) dialog: That's right. It's an octopus. Such a funny creature with its eight legs. But did you know octopi are actually extremely intelligent, like dogs and cats? They have unique personalities, and just like us they have a lot of defense mechanisms. I'm sure you know about the ink sac. She uses ink to confuse her predators. She can camouflage herself. She can emit poison, and some can mimic more dangerous creatures, like the eel. I keep her to remind me of our defense mechanisms -- our ink, our camouflage, our poison, all the things we use to keep away hurt. The reason Dr. Johnston invited me here today is to meet you, Scottie. I've heard a lot about you.
102) 13) dialog: I've heard that you're a wonderful and unique and spirited girl.
102) 14) text: Dr. Herman shoots a look at Matt before continuing.
102) 15) dialog: And I've heard your mom's not doing too well and that she's going to die very soon.
102) 19) dialog: You're going to have to be a very brave girl right now, and you're surrounded by people who love you. I came to meet you and tell you that if you ever want to talk about what you're feeling, I would like to talk to you too. I can help you face what's going on without all the silly defense mechanisms that work for an octopus but not for us.
102) 23) dialog: Okay.    Thank you, Dr. Herman. Dr. Herman looks at everyone with great sincerity before leaving. Scottie is left holding the octopus. She drops i and it squeaks a little.
102) 25) dialog: Yes, well, they say she's very good one- on-one.
102) 27) dialog: Yes. We worked really hard with her, but three other doctors and I agree she's in what we call an irreversible coma. Do you know what that means?
102) 29) dialog: Not exactly, but... yes, that's the general idea. So we're doing exactly what she wanted us to do if that ever happened. That's why she's not attached to the machines anymore.
102) 31) dialog: The purpose of medicine is to heal, and we can't do that now.
102) 40) dialog: Any day now, I'm afraid.       But you still have some time.
102) 41) dialog: Well. Let me know if you have any more questions.