21) 0) text: A Range Rover double parks in front of an immense Catholi Church.  Peter gets out. Across the street, a group of Orthodox Jews walk by.  On steps of the church is an exotic woman, stylish in a yell Prada dress with a matching yellow nylon zip jacket.  CLA VAN OWEN hugs the collar to her neck against a sudden win guest.  She's a magazine stylist and Peter's girlfriend. Peter meets Claire on the street, he grabs hold of her, relaxed.  He kisses her deeply.  Claire still reacts, tho it's been a year.
21) 1) dialog: (obviously in love) I missed you.
21) 4) dialog: How'd your interview go?  I'm sure you charmed the hell out of Sally.
21) 6) text: Claire slides an arm through Peter's.  Then, she reaches suddenly kissing him hard on the mouth.
22) 0) text: Peter and Claire walk down the center aisle, dwarfed by t vast vaulted ceiling and rosette stations of the cross. the Travertine and Terrazzo altar, there's a solemn atmosphere.  Choir practice is just about to end and the SINGERS are CHANTING A-CAPELLA in Latin. Standing before them, keeping time and tone, is FATHER JA MCKENZIE, a good-natured priest in his late fifties.  He Peter and Claire and lets the choir practice wind down.  Singers begin to collect their music as Father James move toward his visitors, happy to see them, as always.  He gi Peter a strong hug.
22) 7) text: A GROAN from the group at the bad pun.  Claire and Peter smile.
24) 0) text: Peter is driving up the West Side Highway, relaxed, an ar out the window.  Claire is beside him. James sits in the back, peaceful, meditative, as the tree lining the road move by in a sort of blurred landscape.
25) 0) text: Suddenly a car cuts Peter off.  Peter slams on his breaks Close call.  Claire's purse falls off her lap.  Lipstick spills out.  She steadies herself against the dash with a hand.  James is pressed forward into his seat belt.
25) 2) dialog: Peter, are you okay?
25) 5) dialog: (getting back to the conversation) It's great of you to let William and Susan stay at the house until he gets on his feet.
25) 8) dialog: Frustrating.  Form over content.  Everything's so retro.
25) 11) dialog: (interrupting for Peter's sake) ...you wearing a watch, Father?
25) 14) dialog: Can you check the century hand for me?  Mine seems to be ahead.
25) 15) text: James LAUGHS.  Peter shakes his head.  The notion of commitment more private to him that to his more expansive uncle.  Claire inadvertently glances at Peter, then she l out her window, an awkward, inward moment.
31) 0) text: It's a large house.  Peter pulls up and HONKS.  As he, Ja and Claire get out of the car, they walk past an old swin hanging from an enormous tree.  Childhood remnant.  Expecting them, a man in his late 30's wearing heavy rimm GLASSES moves out of the house.  This is WILLIAM, Peter's brother, followed by his wife, SUSAN.
31) 3) dialog: I could use a drink.
32) 2) dialog: Don't worry, we taped it.
32) 8) dialog: (to Susan) You know, I made a reservation at Marco's for Peter's birthday dinner, but maybe you should cater it.
32) 10) dialog: (to Father James) Eight.  That okay?
32) 15) text: Father James bows his head and immediately, the family follows.  A signaled, almost unconscious gesture known to everyone.  They all look down except Peter.  Claire gives an annoyed glance.
32) 17) text: A stark silence as Peter and William remember.  Claire lo at Susan.  Then:
32) 22) dialog: You never said anything to me...
32) 26) dialog: (looking around at the silenced table, holding back a smirk, a moment, then) Peter, "x-e-s" is "sex" spelled backwards.
45) 0) text: It's a writer's domain.  Books everywhere.  Stacked and shelved in an obvious order, by size and subject.  There also several silver and leather-framed photos of Peter an Claire with known literary celebrities.  At the large gra and birch desk, an exhausted Peter switches off his compu
55) 0) text: The door CLICKS, then opens.  Claire moves in carrying ba of take-out.  She sees Peter dozing on the couch. Claire kneels beside him, gives him a kiss and Peter leap out of his sleep with a start.
55) 2) dialog: Bad?
55) 4) dialog: I must really be slacking off.  Hungry?
55) 6) dialog: Sushi.
56) 0) text: Claire is clearing her plate as Peter picks at the remain a sushi dinner.  Claire notices the cigarette ash Peter dropped earlier, picking it up and smearing the ash betwe her fingers.  She shoots a glance at Peter, but does not comment on her discovery.
56) 1) dialog: I can't believe it's already starting to get dark so early.
56) 3) dialog: You know, there was a guy on the radio today trying to explain why we're losing daylight.  Quarks and dark matter, things like that.  Even how daylight savings has caught up with us over the last hundred years and our universal watch is just fast, you know?
56) 4) text: Claire looks up, seeing Peter is lost in thought.  
56) 5) dialog: Peter, where are you?
56) 7) dialog: (dismissive) Did she waltz in or fly on little bat wings?
56) 9) dialog: Now that you're on TV, you're a magnet for all the wackos out there.
56) 10) text: Claire sees Peter's thinking about it.
56) 11) dialog: Oh, Peter, you're going to pursue this.
64) 0) text: Peter ascends.  The button for the fifth floor is illuminated.  The elevator chimes.  He looks up and sees elevator stopping on the fourth floor.  He steps back to room.  It's Claire.
64) 1) dialog: Hey, what are you doing here in the middle of the day?
64) 3) dialog: I spaced out.
71) 1) dialog: In here.
71) 2) text: Peter moves into the bathroom.  Claire's sitting in front a mirror.  Her hair's up in a smooth twist, and all she's on is a bathrobe.  We note a photograph of Peter's mother sporting a similar hair style on the dresser.
71) 3) dialog: So, guess which stylist just got this month's "Elle" cover?
71) 6) text: Claire smiles, in her own world.
71) 7) dialog: Hurry up, you don't want to be late.
72) 0) text: A glittering Italianate chandelier.  As we look down we S Men in black tie and women in high fashion chic form a mo of money and power beneath the chandelier's blazing light A lavish publisher's party is underway in the hotel's ballroom.  In one corner, a CROWD hovers around Peter and Claire, the quintessential perfect couple. She's in a dramatic skintight dress.  He looks great in t latest tux.  Adrenaline BUZZ of admiration has soothed Pe but he's still distracted.  Claire, however, is her outgo self.  William in a rented tux and Susan, in a modest gow hang on the edge of the golden crowd.  A JADED YOUNG MAN leading the conversation.
72) 4) dialog: (interrupting) He is.  By the way, Lauren, did you ever finish your book on tattoo art?  I hear your publisher wants his advance back.
73) 0) text: The enormous room is empty.  All the guests are gone.  Th uneaten food and overturned chairs testimony to their has departure.  Peter, Claire, Susan and William are sitting semi-circle.  Smythe walks over.
73) 3) dialog: Well said.
74) 0) text: Peter and Claire exit a limo.  The scaffolding is still i place but the workers are gone.  Josef pushes open the do for Peter and Claire.
75) 0) text: Peter and Claire enter the lobby.
75) 2) text: Peter and Claire are both caught off guard.
75) 3) dialog: What?  That's horrible!
75) 8) dialog: (frightened) When did they find her?
75) 10) text: Claire's blown away by the night's events.
76) 0) text: Peter has slowed to look at the yellow police cordon, as Claire moves on into their apartment.
77) 0) text: A bit later, Peter and Claire, both still shaken, sit acr from a relieved Father James, drinking coffee.
77) 3) dialog: I'm still shaking.
77) 5) dialog: Thank God he did.
77) 6) text: Claire stands, exhausted.  She bends down, kissing Peter the cheek, only because James is there, and then she give Peter a sweet hug.
77) 7) dialog: (deeply felt) I don't know what I'd do without you.
77) 9) dialog: I'm going to bed.  Don't be long.
77) 10) text: Claire exits.  James looks at Peter, sees the night's eve have taken their toll.
87) 0) text: Upscale.  Claire and Peter at lunch.  Peter is clearly agitated.  His clothes are still wet and pretty wrinkled. Claire looks at him with tenderness.
87) 2) dialog: I don't know.  In a way, I'm glad it all happened.
87) 5) dialog: (nervous about confronting him) No, of course not, but I think now that this has happened, a lot of things can start to come out...
87) 7) dialog: (coming on a little stronger) Like you need to admit that losing your parents when you were twelve was traumatic.
87) 9) dialog: Well, it shattered your faith in everything.
87) 11) dialog: (boring in) You need to believe in something besides yourself.
87) 13) text: A moment where Claire hesitates, then she decides to let herself be flattered.
87) 14) dialog: (leaning in, close to Peter) I love you.  You look a mess.  Why don't you go home and clean up before you go back to work.
87) 15) text: Claire kisses Peter, brief but deep, as she gulps in a sh gust of air. Outside the rain has stopped as Claire gets up, taking of for work without him.
94) 5) text: He puts down that photo and picks up one of Claire, as Pe walks over to his chair and a position of more control.
134) 9) text: Maya leaves the room.  Moments later, Peter hears the fro door open and close.  Doesn't move, then, suddenly, in a flurry of anger, he knocks the phone off the bedside tabl A lamp flies off with it.  Then he stands and sweeps his across the top of his bureau, knocking off pictures, mome a jewelry box.  Turning, he flips over a chair and kicks viciously. Breathing hard, he slumps back on the bed.  Across the ro he sees a picture of Claire has slipped partially behind bureau.  Its glass has shattered and only half her face i visible. Peter immediately picks it up.  Stares down at this smili girlfriend.  He lays it carefully back on the bureau, try to regain some control.  He breathes deep, then begins gathering everything back on to the bed.  He looks at the of keys.  Picks them up.  Compares them with his own set. Trying to think, he stares out his bedroom window at the building ledge across the way.  He SEES the potted gerani now arranged, a simple red flourish. Then a light snaps on in the apartment below and as he lo down, noticing it, his eyes shift, a momentary realizatio and he looks back down at the keys and leaves his apartme
141) 0) text: The front door is thrown open.  Peter steps in to see: Maya, standing, slightly tense, talking to somebody.  The other VOICE is obscured by the sound of a garbage truck moving down the street.  And as Peter moves farther insid past the door, he sees: Claire, sitting on the overstuffed chair.
141) 1) dialog: (gets up) There you are!  My God, darling, I've been so worried.  Are you alright?
141) 3) dialog: This is the person...you were talking about?
141) 5) text: Peter holds out the keys to Claire, ignoring Maya.
141) 7) dialog: I don't know.  What are they?
141) 9) dialog: Must be a spare set.
141) 12) text: Claire gets up, moving to Peter, and reaches to embrace h He lets it happen, but doesn't reciprocate.
141) 13) dialog: Honey, you're exhausted.  Do you want to lie down for a little while?
141) 15) text: Maya's eyes widen with alarm.  She turns quickly toward Claire who's watching them.  And as Peter follows Maya's stare, in one slow move, Claire pulls a Beretta from a dr in the aquarium table.  She points the gun directly at Ma
141) 16) dialog: She's been stalking you, Peter.
141) 18) text: Claire ignores him, but before she can make her move, Pet has grabbed her wrist, twisting her back into the living room, trying to pull the gun out of her hand.  Claire wre free of Peter.
141) 19) dialog: Listen to me, I love you, Peter, I'm trying to protect you!
141) 21) dialog: We're still going to be together.
141) 22) dialog: There's nothing you can do about it.   (to Maya) I've fucking had it with you.
141) 23) text: She lunges at Maya, one powerful move, but as she does, M moves out of the way.  And as Maya spins around, Claire g for her again, but she trips on the wet floor, losing her balance.  As Peter grabs to catch her, she crashes horrib through the glass shelves. Peter is horrified. Then he walks to Claire and pulls the gun from her lifele hand.  Maya and Peter stare at each other in shock for a moment.  Then Maya's pager sounds.  She checks the number goes to the phone and dials.  As she does, Peter pulls a blanket off the sofa and covers Claire's body.
157) 0) text: Peter pulls out Claire's gun.  They step inside.