8) 0) text: Sitting next to a door on this corridor is the hospital's Chief Resident Psychiatrist, DR. LESLIE ALLEN.  She's cas calm and intelligent.  A mature woman in her late 50's, s attractive, at peace with herself.  As she sips a cup of peppermint tea, she glances outside, through a window opposite her chair, at a huge old tree, the antithesis of sterile, prison-like environment inside.  She finds ways remain grounded in this place. As Lareaux and company approach, Dr. Allen switches her g and --
8) 2) dialog: (standing, makes transition) You know I'm not comfortable with this.
8) 4) dialog: This patient has been plagued with temporal lobe seizures.
8) 6) dialog: (insistent) I'm aware of that, but I don't think he's in any condition to make requests.  I'm trying to appeal to your more...logical self, Father. (as she glances briefly at Maya, Townsend and Father Jeremy) I'm concerned about harm to my patient.
8) 8) dialog: I think I should join you.
10) 0) text: Townsend opens the black leather suitcase.  Inside: rolls duct and masking tape, two Bibles, three rosaries, a scapular, bottles of holy water and a gold Chalice, sitti in foam-laden velvet, for the Communion Eucharist. Maya quickly and expertly locks in Birdson's chair restraints.  Arms and legs. Father Jeremy pulls out a roll of duct tape, sealing the drawer shut.  Then, he sets up a portable tape recorder o the table.  Secures that as well. Birdson restrained, Maya pulls large square-cut pieces of blackout cloth out of the suitcase.  She grabs a roll of masking tape, TEARING two pieces of it with her teeth, ri off the roll.  A SEARING, jarring sound, unexpected every time.  Moving to the door, she immediately tapes a square blackout cloth over the observation window.  As the cloth drops, Dr. Allen's face disappears. Maya TEARS several more pieces of masking tape, continuin block out each window.
11) 0) text: Two hours later, Dr. Allen is reassuring one of her patie She's calm, focused, helpful.
12) 0) text: Dr. Allen and the orderly are jogging down the hallway. sound of SCREAMING can be faintly heard in the distance. Dr. Allen starts to run, leaving her patient, holding her stethoscope and pocket for anything that might fall out. BREATHING is slightly LABORED.  Her patient SCREAMS after her:
13) 1) dialog: (an order of meds.) Haldol, Cogenten, Atavan 5, 2 and 2 IM.
13) 2) text: From the room, a CHORUS of TORMENTED VOICES is heard.  A hideous CACOPHONY that builds in intensity with each pass moment, punctuated by sharp explosions of wood and glass. It sounds like the room is being torn to pieces.  Along w everyone in it. Something heavy hits the door on the other side. Suddenly, the door BURSTS open.  The screaming instantly stops. Lareaux's at the door, pushing past the two orderlies and he collapses against a wall, Dr. Allen sees he's shaking, completely devastated.  Father Jeremy hurries after him, concerned.
13) 6) text: Birdson turns and stares at Dr. Allen with a chilling loo triumph.
13) 8) text: Dr. Allen freezes.  Townsend moves past her.  Maya pulls door shut very quickly.  In her hand, she's grabbed Birds legal pad and one of his advanced math books.
68) 7) text: A beaming Dr. Allen walks in.  She's a little starstruck.
68) 8) dialog: Mr. Kelson, what a pleasure to meet you.  I have to say your instincts about the criminally insane are impeccable.  I am a fan.
68) 10) text: Dr. Allen realizes Maya's beside him.
68) 11) dialog: (to Peter) When your secretary called, she made no mention of her coming, too.
68) 13) dialog: You're aware that this woman was party to the so-called exorcism.
68) 15) dialog: You should know I never felt Mr. Birdson needed anything but professional psychiatric care.  And then, minutes after they left, he suffered a stroke.  He's comatose.  No brain wave activity at all.
68) 16) text: Dr. Allen adjusts Birdson's IV unit, re-taping an already swollen hand.
68) 18) dialog: Of course not.  They put him through severe mental stress.  Causing this aneurysm.
68) 20) dialog: (ignoring Maya) I certainly hope you're not lending any credence to this.
68) 22) text: Peter looks at Dr. Allen questioningly.
68) 23) dialog: The patient was in great distress.  Naturally he was...yelling.
68) 25) dialog: (calmly) There is a medical explanation for everything that happened.
68) 27) text: There's a silence in the room.  Dr. Allen stares at Maya.
68) 29) text: Maya, Peter and Dr. Allen turn and look at the orderly.  Peter's shocked by the orderly's admission.  Glances back Dr. Allen.
68) 30) dialog: I've already said, Mr. Birdson was agitated.  Victor, why don't you go and check on the patient in room 5.
68) 31) text: Her tone is frighteningly friendly.  The orderly leaves.  Peter looks at Maya, then Dr. Allen.
68) 35) text: Peter and Dr. Allen turn quickly - as Birdson snaps his e back shut.
68) 37) text: What they see is a motionless man in exactly the same position as before.  The monitor's still showing nothing steady, horizontal waves. Dr. Allen shakes her head at Maya's outburst.  Dismissive her altogether and then to Peter.
68) 38) dialog: I'm surprised at you, Mr. Kelson.  And now I'm afraid I'm going to have to ask the two of you to leave.