145) 8) text: Father Thomas, a tall Jesuit in his forties, strides down hall.  He's dressed in a long black cassock, with surplice and purple stole.  He's resolute.  Two other Jesuits, Father Malcolm and Father Jeremy, follow him.
146) 0) text: The priests enter and begin to prep the room.  Father Mal goes to the closet and takes out the briefcase we saw at Birdson's exorcism.  He opens it and takes out a bible, a cross a vial of Holy Water. We see Father Thomas don his cassock and scapular in the partitioned dressing area of Father Lareaux's room.  Maya enters.  Peter, from the doorway, sees her lock eyes with Lareaux.  Finally, she turns away.  Lareaux's smile widen Father Thomas steps out from Behind the partition.
146) 1) dialog: Tie him to the chair.
146) 2) text: Father Thomas makes the Sign of the Cross.  Then, he plac the tip of his stole on Lareaux's neck, and his right han Lareaux's head.  Lareaux flinches.  Father Thomas places relics of the Saints on Lareaux's chest.  He writhes as i pain.  Father Thomas sprinkles Lareaux with Holy Water.  Lareaux reacts as though it were burning oil.  Finally, Father Thomas kneels, beginning the Litanies of the Saint in Latin.
147) 4) dialog: (in Latin) Behold the Cross of the Lord.  Depart, enemies!  Unclean spirits, and all your companions, I command you.   Tell me your name!
147) 6) dialog: ...by the love and power of Christ, who has redeemed man from your grasp, I command you.
149) 5) dialog: ...be gone and leave this child of the Lord God almighty.  Be gone, by the power of Christ.  Be gone, by the power of the Holy Spirit.
149) 7) dialog: In the name of Christ, I command you.  Tell me your name!
149) 13) dialog: Move, move!
150) 0) text: AND THEN VERY FAST.  The door SLAMS behind Peter and Lock itself tight.  Then, Peter sees: The room is not destroyed.  The room is FREEZING COLD, br is visible.  Lareaux is tied to the chair.  Father Thomas standing over him, with a crucifix in hand, the Eucharist Lareaux's head.  Maya and the younger Priests are kneelin just behind Father Thomas, overwhelmed.
150) 3) dialog: Jeremy, the door!
150) 6) dialog: (continue subbing, in Latin) Lowly beast, through the power of Christ.  Let the door re-open.
150) 11) text: A TORRENT OF PROFANITY drowns him out.  A thousand voices young and old, crying, cursing, filling the air with hatr and spite.  Amidst this hurricane of sound, the lights be to flicker at ultra-high speed, creating a strobe effect. The window bursts open, flooding the room with light.  Fa Jeremy races over and struggles to close it, but cannot.  Maya is revealed praying, eyes open.  Peter and Father Malcolm are crouched near the door.  A terrified Father Thomas is bravely standing, holding his crucifix in front himself, facing Lareaux.  Or where Lareaux was.  The chai empty  Amid the deafening noise, Peter sees: Lareaux rise up behind Maya and encircle her throat with hands as the HELLISH VOICES reach a crescendo.  Lareaux begins to sing softly:
150) 13) text: Peter leaps to pull Lareaux off her, but the aging priest surprised Peter by grabbing him and hold him at bay.   As Peter struggles, Lareaux's expression shifts.  His confidence vanishes and pain distorts his features.  Lare falls to the floor in agony.  Maya and Peter bend down to help him, but the noise makes impossible for them to hear one another.  Maya pulls open Lareaux's collar to try to get him more air and in that instant, the VOICES STOP.  The lights POP on.  Maya leans close to Lareaux, who's dying on the floor, MUMBLING incoherently.  And on Lareaux's forehead, we see incision resembling strange, unknown letters.  Like they've been c from within.  The incisions are repeated on the backs of Lareaux's hands.  The room is so cold, steam pops off the breath.  Father Thomas moves fast, beginning the last rit in Latin.  He makes the sign of the Cross on Lareaux's forehead, then:
150) 14) dialog: (to Lareaux, in Latin) Confiterisne vitia tua ante omnipotentem deum?  (Do you confess your sins before almighty God?)