35) 0) text: FATHER FRANK, a sweet-faced priest in his 40's, is confer with two church officials.  We TRACK him as he exits the office and cross through to:
36) 1) dialog: Don't forget to polish the brass afterwards.
37) 0) text: The seminary has a small, planted, meditative garden, sho horned in behind the rectory buildings. Maya sits on a simple wooden bench, her tiny cross glinti off sunlight.  Her eyes are closed and her head is tilted toward the sun. Maya snaps out of her reverie, as Father Frank approaches
37) 1) dialog: (kind, but resolved) Maya, the Diocese has rejected your report.  And I must say, I agree with them.
37) 2) text: A JET ROARS overhead, DEAFENING momentary noise.  Father Frank looks up a moment, then:
37) 3) dialog: (comforting tone) I don't mean to belittle you, but we've been through this before.  Satan is not what you think he is.  Satan is not some creature.
37) 5) dialog: Please, Maya.  I'm trying to get us into the next century and you insist on this medieval nonsense.
37) 7) dialog: Maya, for the last time, I will not tolerate these obsessions.
40) 0) text: Inside Father Lareaux's Spartan room at the seminary, Lar lies in bed, his face turned towards the wall.  He's MUMBLING.  Maya has pulled herself together and sits by t bed with Father Jeremy and an irritated Father Frank.  In the b.g., John Townsend is urgently riffling the books papers on Lareaux's desk.  Most of which we SEE are about demonic possession. Unknown to anyone, Townsend slides two of the books under coat.
40) 1) dialog: (to Maya) Leave him alone.
40) 8) text: his eyes are wild.  Father Frank turns to Maya.
40) 11) dialog: The doctor's concerned he may never come out of this dementia.
40) 13) dialog: But bad judgement.  And now you see how dangerous the consequences can be.
41) 9) dialog: Is he going to be okay?
84) 20) text: The school bell rings.  Within seconds, the hallway is flooded with kids and teachers. A smiling Father Frank stops out of a classroom.  As he s Maya and Peter down the hall, his face darkens.  He start towards them.
84) 23) text: Peter notices Father Frank moving up on Maya and takes of  EXT. STREET - OUTSIDE SEMINARY - DAY
85) 0) text: An anxious Maya sits at her desk.  Suddenly, there's a ha knock on the door and Father Frank enters.  Maya looks up unprepared.
85) 1) dialog: I've had it.  Townsend's dead.  The police are calling and now I see you having a scene in front of the children.  I'm sorry, Maya, you've been with us for many years, but effective immediately, I'm rescinding your right to live at the church.
85) 3) dialog: You have a sister in New Orleans.
85) 4) text: Maya looks up at him, but Father Frank's out the door.
144) 0) text: A small crowd of priests, including Father Frank, is in t room.  Several stand next to the bed, blocking a clear vi of Father Lareaux.  Soft CLASSICAL MUSIC plays.  The mood upbeat.  As the door opens, Father Frank sees Maya lead P in by the arm like a puppet or a lost soul.
144) 1) dialog: (vindictively) I'm glad you're here.  There's something you need to see.
144) 9) text: Maya is floored.  Father Frank looks at her scornfully.
144) 10) dialog: I told you this was myth all along.
144) 25) text: Father Frank moves over to Maya with another Priest.  See Lareaux is having trouble breathing.
144) 26) dialog: All right.  That's enough for now.  He's just recovering.  Take it easy, Maya.
144) 33) text: The entire room stares, transfixed, at Lareaux.  Maya loo peter, then Father Frank, as she moves carefully off the  INT. FATHER LAREAUX'S ROOM - SHORT TIME LATER
144) 34) text: A nervous Father Frank is supervising the Jesuits as they empty Lareaux's room of its extraneous contents.  He avoi looking at Maya.  Father Lareaux sits calmly in a chair a the center of the room.  None of the Jesuits meet his eye One Priest tapes the curtains closed over the window.  A provides the only light.
145) 5) text: Maya looks at him, then clasps his hand briefly.  She bre off and walks over to Father Frank.
145) 7) dialog: I don't have the experience.  Father Thomas should officiate.
147) 0) text: The last thing Peter sees as the door closes is Maya.  Serious, tight, professional and outside the door, Father Frank is already mouthing his rosary:
147) 2) dialog: There's nothing we can do but pray.  We'll be in the church.
147) 3) text: Father Frank leads the other Jesuits down the hall.  With seconds, Peter's alone.  He looks at the door.  Then he slowly moves closer to it, until he's a foot away He tries to listen.  Nothing.  He leans even closer.
148) 0) text: Fourteen Jesuits of mixed race, including Father Frank.  Chant prayers in Latin.
151) 0) text: It's CHAOS as Jesuits rush in and out of the cell, helpin the exorcism participants.  Father Frank glares at Maya, he helps clear the room.