8) 11) text: As the Doctor unlocks the door, Lareaux, Townsend, Father Jeremy and Maya file in.  Tense.  Cautious.
10) 0) text: Townsend opens the black leather suitcase.  Inside: rolls duct and masking tape, two Bibles, three rosaries, a scapular, bottles of holy water and a gold Chalice, sitti in foam-laden velvet, for the Communion Eucharist. Maya quickly and expertly locks in Birdson's chair restraints.  Arms and legs. Father Jeremy pulls out a roll of duct tape, sealing the drawer shut.  Then, he sets up a portable tape recorder o the table.  Secures that as well. Birdson restrained, Maya pulls large square-cut pieces of blackout cloth out of the suitcase.  She grabs a roll of masking tape, TEARING two pieces of it with her teeth, ri off the roll.  A SEARING, jarring sound, unexpected every time.  Moving to the door, she immediately tapes a square blackout cloth over the observation window.  As the cloth drops, Dr. Allen's face disappears. Maya TEARS several more pieces of masking tape, continuin block out each window.
13) 2) text: From the room, a CHORUS of TORMENTED VOICES is heard.  A hideous CACOPHONY that builds in intensity with each pass moment, punctuated by sharp explosions of wood and glass. It sounds like the room is being torn to pieces.  Along w everyone in it. Something heavy hits the door on the other side. Suddenly, the door BURSTS open.  The screaming instantly stops. Lareaux's at the door, pushing past the two orderlies and he collapses against a wall, Dr. Allen sees he's shaking, completely devastated.  Father Jeremy hurries after him, concerned.
13) 3) dialog: Father, are you alright?  Can you get up?
40) 0) text: Inside Father Lareaux's Spartan room at the seminary, Lar lies in bed, his face turned towards the wall.  He's MUMBLING.  Maya has pulled herself together and sits by t bed with Father Jeremy and an irritated Father Frank.  In the b.g., John Townsend is urgently riffling the books papers on Lareaux's desk.  Most of which we SEE are about demonic possession. Unknown to anyone, Townsend slides two of the books under coat.
40) 16) dialog: (under his breath) I wish I could help.
40) 17) text: Maya smiles sweetly at Father Jeremy.
41) 4) text: Maya stares intently at Townsend.  Father Jeremy approach from down the hall, aware of the tension between them.
77) 22) dialog: I appreciate your saying that.  I'm gonna go now.  I believe you're wanted elsewhere.
78) 2) text: Father Jeremy enters and shuts the door behind him.
78) 3) dialog: His faith wavered.  He tried to shoot Kelson last night.  I don't know all the details.
78) 5) dialog: I don't know.  I don't think so.
78) 7) dialog: Be careful, Maya.
145) 8) text: Father Thomas, a tall Jesuit in his forties, strides down hall.  He's dressed in a long black cassock, with surplice and purple stole.  He's resolute.  Two other Jesuits, Father Malcolm and Father Jeremy, follow him.
150) 5) dialog: It...I can't!