4) 0) text: One of the day-care workers alternately pushes TWO KIDS o the swings, using one hand.  In her other hand, she holds cigarette.  Her clothes are worn, her sneakers frayed.  A simple gold cross hangs loosely from her neck.  She's got ancient holes in her ear lobes from another, earlier time but no longer any earrings.  This is MAYA LARKIN.  The ki she's pushing are singing "Frere Jacques" as they soar up down on the swings.   The second day-care worker, more nicely dressed, shoots M disapproving glances as she gives her swinging child mode pushes.   A Latino BOY walks up to Maya, both his shoes are untied his jacket's unzipped.  He points to his feet.
4) 1) dialog: (with mock severity) Look at you.
4) 2) text: She moves away from the swings, puts out the cigarette an stoops down, tying his shoes.  After she finishes, Maya watches him run back into the throng.  He dashes past the LANKY MAN, standing just ten feet away.  A powerful figur CLAUDE LAREAUX is in his sixties.  A stern, heavy express glances his face.  Maya stands back up slowly, looking at him, a more seriou expression on her face now.  She tosses her cigarette as
5) 2) text: Lareaux, in the back seat watching her.  Seated next to Lareaux is a dark haired, kind looking man in his 30's, JEREMY. Maya straightens the cuffs of her shirt sleeves - first t right, then the left.  Then she repeats it all.  Townsend notes the repetitive movement. And the RADIO is ON in the B.G.:
5) 7) dialog: (muffled by ROAR of passing truck) Why are you doing this to me?
5) 9) text: Maya silently acknowledges his remark.
5) 11) text: Maya reaches over, putting a soft hand on Townsend's knee
5) 12) dialog: Good seeing you again.
5) 14) text: As Maya turns back around in her seat, Lareaux looks up, Townsend's dart of worry in the rear view.
7) 0) text: Lareaux, his overcoat open, walks down the dim corridor. now see he's a priest.  He's wearing a black cassock with waist-high surplice (belt) and a narrow purple stole.  He carries a Bible.  Townsend, Maya and Jeremy are right bes him.  We see Jeremy is also a priest.  Townsend is carryi hard, black leather suitcase. Large windows, bordered by huge pillars, circumscribe the never-ending corridors.  Thick doors line the walls, each with a tiny observation window, filled in with octagonal patterns.  The foursome avoids looking directly at any of those windows. They pass other rooms, doors wide open, lined with severa beds each separated by worn curtains.
8) 9) dialog: (brusquely, interrupting) -- you wouldn't last five minutes.
8) 11) text: As the Doctor unlocks the door, Lareaux, Townsend, Father Jeremy and Maya file in.  Tense.  Cautious.
9) 2) text: Maya and Townsend avoid looking at Birdson.  Maya straigh the cuffs of her sleeves.  Lareaux puts his Bible and a s crucifix on the table.
9) 6) text: Lareaux As he catches Maya's gaze and as --
9) 7) text: Maya, who looks back at Lareaux, we:
9) 13) text: Maya's face.  Wide-eyed at 16 years old.  In the b.g., Ma sister, stands rigid, afraid.
9) 17) text: SCREAMING CONTINUES.  Maya's on a bed, her head jerks sideways, involuntarily.
10) 0) text: Townsend opens the black leather suitcase.  Inside: rolls duct and masking tape, two Bibles, three rosaries, a scapular, bottles of holy water and a gold Chalice, sitti in foam-laden velvet, for the Communion Eucharist. Maya quickly and expertly locks in Birdson's chair restraints.  Arms and legs. Father Jeremy pulls out a roll of duct tape, sealing the drawer shut.  Then, he sets up a portable tape recorder o the table.  Secures that as well. Birdson restrained, Maya pulls large square-cut pieces of blackout cloth out of the suitcase.  She grabs a roll of masking tape, TEARING two pieces of it with her teeth, ri off the roll.  A SEARING, jarring sound, unexpected every time.  Moving to the door, she immediately tapes a square blackout cloth over the observation window.  As the cloth drops, Dr. Allen's face disappears. Maya TEARS several more pieces of masking tape, continuin block out each window.
13) 4) text: Laura Allen walks slowly over to the door.  And bracing herself, she leans forward and stares inside. The room is immaculate.  Nothing's damaged, not a stick o furniture is out of place.  Townsend and Maya slowly back out, careful not to look at Birdson who sits nonchalantly still tied to his chair...
13) 8) text: Dr. Allen freezes.  Townsend moves past her.  Maya pulls door shut very quickly.  In her hand, she's grabbed Birds legal pad and one of his advanced math books.
16) 1) text: piece of notebook paper covered with a nonsensical collec of vowels and consonants. We TILT UP to see Maya, who tosses the sheet onto a pile rejects.  She takes a sip of coffee.  Stale.  Maya reacts Finishes a cigarette.  Puts it out in a plain glass ashtr Lying next to her pack of cigarettes, a vintage Zippo, inscribed, "peace and fuck you." To Maya's left is Birdson's legal pad.  On it he has writ rows of numbers in neat, precise handwriting.  Maya has d red lines at regular intervals, showing a repeating patte of 11 numbers in a row. In the b.g., her used, always, "ON," 24" TV is airing a daytime talk show.  Guy describes his girlfriend's affair LIB.  Maya reacts to the insanity of the show. On the wall above Maya's table that serves as her desk, i varied collection of crayoned drawings from the children her day-care class, a postcard from Louisiana depicting N Orleans, a postcard-sized copy of Modigliani portrait of woman, and an old photograph of Maya and her sister.
16) 2) text: The page she just discarded "IF R EQUALS ONE" at the top letters of the alphabet matched up with a series of numbe Birdson's cryptology book is visible to Maya's right, as works off her newest piece of paper, labeled "IF S EQUALS ONE."  Maya moves to her mini fridge.  Looks inside.  Pul out a soda.  Pops the tab.  Spray startles her a moment.  Wipes off her fingers.  SLAMS the door.
26) 0) text: Maya's TV is on, as usual.  She SNAPS open a bag of edama soy nuts, popping them into her mouth, while a lit cigare sits in the glass ashtray next to her.  She eats and smok alternately.  Feet up, socks on.  Maya's flipping through Manhattan white pages, looking for the last time, Kelson.
28) 0) text: Maya glances up and she can't believe what she reads.  Ta her a moment to pull it all in:
28) 1) dialog: Oh my God!
28) 4) text: Maya shoves a pen between her teeth, while she tears off sheet of paper.  She immediately scribbles the name of th book on the torn piece of paper. As Maya looks back up at the TV, a dart of interest.
29) 0) text: A table showcasing the current best-sellers prominently features Peter's book, VICIOUS INTENT. Maya reaches in and picks up a copy.  Immediately flips t the jacket flyleaf at the back.  Reads a moment and as sh dos we see the bio: "born in Bedford, NY, a crime writer whose own parents were murdered..." Maya heads to a payphone and dials.
30) 3) dialog: I know who he is.
30) 5) dialog: I'll explain everything later.  Can you meet me tonight?
33) 0) text: The shadowy figures of Maya and John Townsend can be seen almost in silhouette.
33) 2) dialog: I've filed a report with Father Frank.
33) 4) dialog: We need all the help we can get.
33) 6) dialog: We'll see Father Frank in the morning.  There's nothing to be done until then.
37) 0) text: The seminary has a small, planted, meditative garden, sho horned in behind the rectory buildings. Maya sits on a simple wooden bench, her tiny cross glinti off sunlight.  Her eyes are closed and her head is tilted toward the sun. Maya snaps out of her reverie, as Father Frank approaches
37) 4) dialog: You weren't there.  Give me time to get some proof.
37) 6) dialog: If you really believe in God, why is it so inconceivable that his enemy is just as real?
37) 8) text: Anxious, Maya rubs her cross between a thumb and forefing distractedly.
38) 0) text: Maya crosses through the dim hallway and heads up the sta
39) 0) text: A bright, clean bathroom with new fixtures and fluorescen lights.  Maya comes in, trying to contain her frustration Turns the water on.  She watches the water a moment.  The puts her hands in.  Cool on her wrists.  Splashes her fac
39) 1) dialog: (despairing) Stupid man.  I can't do this...
39) 3) dialog: Hello?
39) 6) dialog: You're not real.
39) 7) text: He leers and nods, "Yes I am."  He steps toward her.  Eve instinct in her body screams at her to run.  But she stay put.  And we HEAR A CHOKED BACK BREATH and Birdson slowly extends his knife, just inches from her face. Closer to her face.  Then closer still.  Until the tip of blade is slowly creeping toward Maya's eye.  
39) 10) text: Birdson.  He smiles.  And THRUSTS.  She suddenly reaches and grabs for the blade.  The lights "flare" horrifyingly bright for a split second.  We hear a surreal distortion Maya's voice crying out. And "Birdson" vanishes.  Maya's looking at a pristine bathroom, its unmarked stall doors pulled tight.  Victori but drained, she slumps forward.
40) 0) text: Inside Father Lareaux's Spartan room at the seminary, Lar lies in bed, his face turned towards the wall.  He's MUMBLING.  Maya has pulled herself together and sits by t bed with Father Jeremy and an irritated Father Frank.  In the b.g., John Townsend is urgently riffling the books papers on Lareaux's desk.  Most of which we SEE are about demonic possession. Unknown to anyone, Townsend slides two of the books under coat.
40) 2) text: Maya doesn't want to hear that.  She leans closer.  The f wound of her childhood pressed back into her eyes.
40) 3) dialog: (compassionately) Father, it's me, Maya.  Tu m'entends?
40) 6) dialog: Father, I'm right here.
40) 8) text: his eyes are wild.  Father Frank turns to Maya.
40) 10) text: Maya slowly backs away.
40) 12) dialog: He will.  He has great faith.
40) 14) text: Maya moves over to a silent John Townsend.
40) 15) dialog: John.  I've got to head back to the city. (to Father Jeremy) Would you page me if there's any change whatsoever? (Maya hurriedly writes her pager number down for Jeremy) Anything, okay?
40) 17) text: Maya smiles sweetly at Father Jeremy.
41) 0) text: Maya and Townsend confer down the hall from Lareaux's roo
41) 2) dialog: You can't back out on me now.  We need to be sure.
41) 4) text: Maya stares intently at Townsend.  Father Jeremy approach from down the hall, aware of the tension between them.
41) 6) dialog: Look, John, I'm facing it.
41) 10) dialog: I hope so.
42) 1) text: A list of names, all doctors.  Some have bene crossed off And as we PULL BACK, we see Maya's on the phone on a Bedf main drag and, as she DIALS, she pivots in the booth, anx thought process, a pencil being lobbed between two finger Suddenly, a VOICE over the phone.
42) 2) dialog: (into phone) Hi, I'd like to make an appointment for Peter Kelson.
42) 4) dialog: no, he's not a new patient.  Okay, thank you, bye.
42) 5) text: Maya crosses off another doctor's name from her list.  DR in two more quarters, as several sit stacked by the phone Maya glances around.  As she checks her list, TAPPING out another number, she takes a deep BREATH as she sees A MAN walking his dog.  The dog suddenly stops, squats an takes a greasy shit right on the sidewalk.  Maya can't believe it, wants to say something but the line picks up:
42) 6) dialog: (refocusing) Hi, I'd like to make an appointment for Peter Kelson. (a beat) No, he's a returning patient.  You don't.  Thanks anyway.
42) 7) text: Crosses off another name.  DROPS in two more quarters.  T out another number.  Maya bends the silver phone cord distractedly, back and forth awhile, and as the line pick back up:
42) 9) dialog: (rote) Hi, I'd like to make an appointment for Peter Kelson.
42) 11) text: Maya waits anxiously as
42) 13) text: A pause, while Maya listens, then, repeating.
42) 14) dialog: Tomorrow.  Ten o'clock?  Great.
42) 15) text: Maya hangs up, circling a name and address on her list, a as she takes off as we:  INT. BEDFORD GENERAL PRACTITIONER - DAY
42) 16) text: Doctor's Office.  Formica reception desk.  Small waiting room.  Few PATIENTS sit, reading magazines, waiting for t doctor. Maya walks in the door, moving to the rectangular opening the check-in desk. Young receptionist, visibly pregnant, castors around to M handing her the clipboard, standard procedure.
42) 17) dialog: (taking it in, but ignoring it) I don't know how to begin, by boyfriend... (looks around, in whisper) my ex-boyfriend.  The last time we were together, he, shit...
42) 18) text: Maya's on the verge of tears.  The receptionist knows wha coming.
42) 19) dialog: I took one of those home pregnancy tests, but I don't want to tell him.  I'm RH negative.  My blood type is negative... (starting to cry) If he's RH positive, I'll have to terminate.
42) 21) dialog: Thirteen.  The last time, can you believe it?  This is how he says "Goodbye?"
42) 23) dialog: (ready to let receptionist connect the dots) Well I know he's come here before.
42) 25) dialog: (carefully) Peter...Peter Kelson.
42) 27) dialog: (sniffling) I didn't know what else to do...
42) 28) text: A long moment, Maya's anxiety increasing, then:
42) 30) text: Maya has a moment of confusion as...
42) 32) dialog: (overjoyed, huge smile) Oh, thank you, thank you so much!
43) 0) text: Maya enters a small reception area.  Behind its counter s an elderly DEACON and a SECRETARY.
43) 2) dialog: Yes, I have some questions regarding the baptismal records for one of our new constituents.
43) 4) dialog: Peter Kelson.
45) 12) text: No response.  Peter looks up.  He waits, then continues t put his things away in preparation for leaving.  After a moment, he glances up to see MAYA standing in the doorway She's taken pains to look attractive.  Her best clothes. looks great.  A simple beauty.
45) 14) dialog: Peter Kelson?
45) 16) dialog: (slightly flirtatious, gregarious) I saw you on television yesterday.  You were brilliant.
45) 18) text: Maya takes the chair opposite Peter's desk.  He stands waiting.  A little put off by her forwardness.
45) 19) dialog: You said that malignant narcissism was not evil.
45) 21) dialog: And also that...
45) 23) dialog: That there is no such thing as evil with a capital "E."
45) 25) dialog: What if I told you I was a malignant narcissist?
45) 28) dialog: (ignoring Peter's comment) And I also believe in God and the Devil.  In fact, I know they exist.
45) 30) dialog: I murdered my parents, Mr. Kelson.  And while they deserved it, I still went to confession the following Sunday.
45) 33) dialog: In the end, the jury saw it my way.
45) 35) dialog: Do you remember Henry Birdson?  The math professor who won the Salwen Medal, then went home and killed his family?
45) 37) dialog: Last week the Catholic Church certified him as genuinely possessed.  You realize how rarely they make that ruling?
45) 39) dialog: An exorcism was just held for Birdson.  It failed.  Disastrously.  Which means there's still a demonic spirit present in his body. (then) I was wondering, perhaps you'd like to go meet Henry.  He's pretty amazing.
45) 41) dialog: On television, you seemed so sure of yourself.  If you're really that confident, you'd be willing to let someone prove you wrong?
45) 43) dialog: (intrigued by Peter's mind) Well, I think it's very simple.  Here's a tape of Birdson's exorcism. (drops tape on Peter's desk) I'll be at the Public Library.  Tomorrow at 2... if you want to meet him.
45) 44) text: Maya rises and heads for the door.  Seductive.  A certain power in her clarity.
45) 45) dialog: I believe that murder and murderers are the most interesting proving ground for these kinds of questions.  Don't you?
47) 2) text: Josef laughs politely, he likes Peter.  Peter presses the elevator button and waits, sticking his free hand in a po and as he pulls out Maya's tape, he remembers as... The BELL to the elevator DINGS and the door SLIDES open.  Peter inspects the tape with some curiosity, then stuffs back into his pocket, momentarily lost in thought.  Stepp into the elevator, he suddenly PULLS in a breath, startle
52) 0) text: Peter, all concentration, is bent over a magnifying glass using two tiny precision hooks to wrap thread onto the lu He's at a table in the corner of the living room.  A colo collection of finished lures are displayed on his work ar below a watercolor of a man fly-fishing. Peter gets frustrated as he repeatedly tries to hook a th and misses.  In the b.g., a leather framed photo of Peter with his parents at an exquisite lake.  Peter pushes hims back from the table.  Takes a beat.  Walks over and picks the tape Maya gave him. He studies it for a second.  Then he naps off the CD play puts the tape on the cassette deck and hits "play."  Ther no sound.  He turns the volume way up.  There's a HUM, bu nothing else.  Annoyed, Peter hits "forward," then "play. Still nothing.  He pushes the volume to the top.
65) 0) text: Maya's waiting.  A group of Japanese TOURISTS including several women in kimonos, a group of Catholic school GIRL uniform and a mounted POLICEMAN are part of the street sc Maya stamps out her cigarette as Peter pulls up.
66) 1) dialog: (picks up coffee) Thanks.  I'm glad you came.  Take the Williamsburg Bridge.
66) 2) text: As Maya glances over at Peter, she's slightly fascinated. Peter remains reserved, but polite.
66) 3) dialog: So...what did you think of the tape.
66) 5) dialog: (carefully) What do you mean?
66) 7) text: Maya takes a sip of coffee to conceal her shock.
66) 8) dialog: You're sure?  There was nothing?
66) 10) text: Maya's unnerved.  Peter sees it.
66) 12) dialog: (covering well) You're right.  I must've made a mistake.
67) 0) text: Maya and Peter are walking towards the entrance.  She's touching the cuffs of her sleeves.
68) 0) text: Peter and Maya turn the corner and approach the door to Birdson's room.  An ORDERLY is walking with them.
68) 2) dialog: I'm sure she won't mind. (re: the door) It's not locked?
68) 10) text: Dr. Allen realizes Maya's beside him.
68) 19) dialog: Dr. Allen, could you please tell Mr. Kelson what you heard as you tried to enter Mr. Birdson's room?
68) 21) dialog: (aggressive) What did you hear?
68) 24) dialog: And was he in distress when you opened the door?  Or was he sitting here, relaxed, at this table?
68) 26) dialog: (boring in) You heard voices, you know you did.
68) 27) text: There's a silence in the room.  Dr. Allen stares at Maya.
68) 29) text: Maya, Peter and Dr. Allen turn and look at the orderly.  Peter's shocked by the orderly's admission.  Glances back Dr. Allen.
68) 31) text: Her tone is frighteningly friendly.  The orderly leaves.  Peter looks at Maya, then Dr. Allen.
68) 33) text: As Peter speaks, Maya has an uncomfortable feeling.  She turns and sees Birdson STARING AT HER.  Eyes wide open.  Above him, the monitor's still showing no brain wave activity.  He grins at her.
68) 34) dialog: Oh my God!
68) 36) dialog: He just woke up.  He's awake.
68) 37) text: What they see is a motionless man in exactly the same position as before.  The monitor's still showing nothing steady, horizontal waves. Dr. Allen shakes her head at Maya's outburst.  Dismissive her altogether and then to Peter.
69) 0) text: Peter drives out the hospital gates.  Maya's with him.  T radio is on.  Peter's angry.
69) 2) dialog: I had to.
69) 4) dialog: That's their explanation.  You might not believe me...
69) 6) text: Maya doesn't answer.  Peter stops at a red light.  A pick truck full of teenagers with a young girl at the wheel, R BLASTING SOUL MUSIC, pulls up next to them. Maya uses the moment to get out and walk quickly away.  Peter watches h go for a moment, then stares at her paper coffee cup, pic up his cell and dials a number.
78) 0) text: Maya is making coffee in a drip pot on a hot plate.  Ther a soft knock on the door.
78) 1) dialog: Come in.
78) 4) dialog: Was anyone else hurt?
78) 6) text: A curious conflict of emotions passes across Maya's face sadness coupled with relief.  She sits heavily on the bed
83) 0) text: Maya stands before a roomful of children.  She holds an o sized picture of a hat.
83) 2) dialog: Tres bien.
83) 7) text: The door to the hall is abruptly flung open.  Peter strid in.  Maya sees his anger.
83) 9) dialog: Peter, please...
83) 12) text: He motions towards the door.  Maya turns to the class.
83) 13) dialog: Children, I'll be right back.  Just stay in...
83) 15) dialog: (unconvincing smile) ...your seats.  Be right back.  Don't worry.
84) 0) text: Maya, still holding the brightly colored vocabulary pictu stands with Peter in the hallway.  Opposite her in the ha is a window, and to the left, an old radiator with chippe enamel paint.  Next to the wall is a plain wooden bench.  Maya stands with her back to her classroom door.  She continually checks on her kids through a window in the do
84) 2) dialog: Please, the children.
84) 5) dialog: (looking at classroom) Townsend believed, just as God became man in Christ. (Maya turns back to Peter) So Satan will assume human form.  I believe it too.
84) 8) dialog: At the exorcism, Birdson boasted that Satan is about to take over the body of a man. (long pause) You are that man, Peter.
84) 10) dialog: It's true.  Birdson knew your name, he was writing it in numerical code.  It wasn't easy but I figured it out.  It spelled your name.
84) 12) dialog: If you're possessed, you can't reveal anything Satan wants hidden.  Unless you trick him.
84) 14) dialog: The good outwitting the bad.  It's like Birdson had a split personality.
84) 16) dialog: You're already contaminated.  It's why you couldn't hear the tape.  There's probably a pentacle near your bed.  To sanctify you.
84) 18) dialog: I know this sounds crazy.  I understand.  Check your parents' blood types.  Are you sure your parents are your birth parents?
84) 20) text: The school bell rings.  Within seconds, the hallway is flooded with kids and teachers. A smiling Father Frank stops out of a classroom.  As he s Maya and Peter down the hall, his face darkens.  He start towards them.
84) 21) dialog: (moving to Peter; whisper) You're about to become the anti-Christ who is born unholy and becomes the door to eternal suffering in this world.
84) 23) text: Peter notices Father Frank moving up on Maya and takes of  EXT. STREET - OUTSIDE SEMINARY - DAY
85) 0) text: An anxious Maya sits at her desk.  Suddenly, there's a ha knock on the door and Father Frank enters.  Maya looks up unprepared.
85) 2) dialog: Father, I have nowhere else to stay.
85) 4) text: Maya looks up at him, but Father Frank's out the door.
86) 0) text: Father Lareaux sleeps quietly, quasi fetal.  Maya moves t the room soundlessly.  A renewed sadness stabs her at the sight of Lareaux.  She studies him a moment, then cups hi face in her hands.  Slight disturbance in Lareaux's body, like a child's startle reaction.  Maya lets go and leaves quietly as she came.
88) 0) text: Maya is sitting on an iron bench outside the playground. shoulder bag with some of her belongings lays beside her. She stands, picks up her sack and walks across the street a small diner.
89) 0) text: It's warm, crowded and NOISY.  WAITRESSES banter with longtime customers about the ups and downs of everyday li Maya enters in a state of complete distress.  She sits at counter next to a MOTHER and her LITTLE GIRL.  Their drin and sandwiches are spread out everywhere.  The little gir cusp her hand around a tall glass of milk.  She wears bla patent shoes, a red jacket, hood attached.  Maya bows her head and covers her eyes.  She's losing it...
89) 1) dialog: (whisper) I can't do this anymore.
89) 2) text: The little girl, about 4 years old, tugs on Maya's sleeve
89) 5) text: Maya looks at the solemn little girl.
89) 6) dialog: (to her mother) It's okay. (she puts her napkin in her lap) Better?
89) 9) dialog: (softly) I don't have a daughter.  I'm not married.
89) 12) text: Maya sees the little girl wants an answer.  Moved, she be close and whispers in her ear.
89) 13) dialog: I have someone who takes care of me.
89) 14) text: She pulls back.  The little girl looks up at Maya reprovingly.
89) 16) text: And then she smiles at Maya, a wicked smile.  Maya looks the little girl, and then at her mother.  The mother's ey are sparkling with malice.  The room begins to warp and distort.  And we hear a choked back breath. Horrified, Maya quickly turns in her chair and faces away from the vision, praying silently with eyes closed.  Afte moment, she opens her eyes.  The room looks normal again. the reflection of the mirror across the counter she sees the two seats next to her are empty, the utensils untouch Sighing with relief, she turns back.  But the little girl her mother are still there.  The mother's face suddenly l elongated, her eyes move too close together and her nose disappears.  A frightening distortion, but momentary.  An the little girl's smile widens with spite.
89) 18) text: With a loud, frightened cry, Maya sweeps her arms out, knocking all the nearby glasses, utensils and dishes to t floor with a tremendous crash.  Milk bleeds over the coun All eyes turn to her.  Distraught, Maya sees the little g and the mother are gone.  She grabs her bag and runs out diner.
101) 0) text: Peter pulls up in his Range Rover across the street from playground.  He gets out of his car and crosses the stree As Peter walks closer, he sees Maya.  She's sitting on a swing, looking off into space, rocking ever-so-slightly b and forth, a pile of smoked, crushed cigarettes and her shoulder bag at her feet.
102) 0) text: Standing beside Maya is an agitated DAY-CARE WORKER.  The conversation is FAINTLY AUDIBLE.  Across the yard, a SECO DAY-CARE WORKER is shepherding the last of the kids back inside the center.  The children are carefree and rambunctious, unaware of the adult drama taking place aro them.
102) 2) text: Maya's face.  She's devastated.  In the b.g., a YOUNG GIR does a triple on the roll bar.  Three girls and one boy compete for distance on the monkey bars. The Latino Boy and one of his friends LAUGH and break fre from the line heading back to the school.  They circle ba toward Maya and swoop by her, waving exuberantly, then re to the line and go into the school.  The day-care worker follows them as: Peter walks through the gate.  He walks fast toward Maya, sees him coming, from a distance.  Maya continues rocking ever so gently on her swing.  Peter puts out his hands an stops it.  Stares at her, scared.
102) 4) dialog: There's no reason why you should. (tells him as gently as possible) This has been planned from your birth.  You fit all the criteria that we know of.  Never baptized, born of incest, devoid of faith...
102) 6) dialog: You were not baptized.  At least I don't believe it was Christian.  Your baptism was performed by your uncle, James McKenzie.
102) 8) dialog: The only baptism he ever performed in seven years as pastor at Bedford.
102) 10) dialog: Seven years.  One baptism?  He's your mother's only brother
102) 12) text: Maya stares at Peter.
102) 13) dialog: Do you know your parents' blood types?
102) 15) dialog: (taking this in a gasp of air) Peter, your blood-type is AB negative.  There's no way your birth father can be O positive.  You father is not who you think he is.
102) 17) dialog: Then why are you here?
102) 19) dialog: Peter, I believe your baptism was perverted.  Look at your certificate.  Your mother was the only witness to it.  Your blood-type doesn't match who you thought your father was.  Peter...I'm sorry.
102) 21) dialog: I don't know. (beat) I do know that people who are possessed have to accept evil in some way.  I don't know if it works the same way in this instance.  I don't even know when it's going to happen.
102) 22) text: Peter looks at Maya for solace, but there is none.  He glances away, runs a hand through his hair and...
102) 24) dialog: (putting something together) Townsend, he had some of Father's books.
104) 0) text: The ground floor windows are shuttered.  Maya tries the f door.  It's locked.  Peter walks to the end of the porch, looking for another entrance.  Maya looks at the door, th jams her elbow through a small pane of glass next to the doorknob, breaking it.
105) 0) text: Peter and Maya enter the dark hall.  Peter reaches for a light switch and flips it on.  They see a hallway in fron them, stairs to the right and living room off to the left For a moment, they stand in silence.  Peter opens a close door, glancing inside.
105) 2) dialog: The books themselves or maybe some pages he ripped out.
105) 3) text: Maya walks into the living room.
106) 0) text: The furniture is shabby and worn.  There's a battered sof new TV and a coffee table.  Maya goes to the table and quickly looks through a pile of magazines.  Peter enters makes a fast tour of the room.  Maya gestures towards the entrance of an adjacent room.
106) 1) dialog: In here.
107) 0) text: Maya turns on a standing lamp.  This room looks more promising.  There's an old piano in one corner.  On one w are two bookshelves.  And next to a set of wooden chairs small reading table.  Maya starts scanning the rows of bo Peter is immediately drawn to the table where he sees new copies of his books.  Chilled, Peter turns to Maya.
107) 2) text: Maya looks over at Peter.
107) 3) dialog: We needed to know all we could.
110) 0) text: Maya continues to comb through the bookshelves.
113) 0) text: Maya is flipping through Peter's books.  Suddenly, she he the tread of footsteps overhead.  It startles her.
113) 1) dialog: (reassuring herself) Peter...
114) 0) text: Maya walks through the hall towards the open door of the master bedroom.  She goes in.
115) 0) text: An antique oak bed dominates the room, with two suitcases lying on top.  The place is a mess - clothes strewn everywhere.  There's a roll-top desk in the corner with s books and papers on it.  One of Townsend's jackets is dra on the desk chair. On the opposite wall is a door that's open just a crack. interior of a bathroom is visible on the other side.  The door has a smoky, opaque window built into its top half. Maya starts sifting through the papers on the desk.  She hear Peter's footsteps moving slowly above her.  And the sound of doors opening. She opens the desk drawers.  The first one is stuffed wit bills.  The second has checkbooks, bank statements.  The third is stuck shut. Maya kneels down to get better leverage.  From this perspective, we can see the open door to the dark hallway behind her...She pulls and pulls again.  As the drawer po open, a shadow falls across her.  She WHIRLS.
115) 3) text: Maya looks at the contents of the drawer.  It's full of Christian literature.
115) 4) dialog: Nothing yet.
115) 6) text: Maya nods.  Peter exits the room.  She hears his footstep fade away and a door slam.  As she stands up, she knocks Townsend's jacket off the chair.  A book falls out of a pocket.  It's on of the books Townsend took from Lareaux' room.  Maya opens it.
117) 0) text: An intrigued Maya turns another page.
119) 0) text: As Maya reads, she hears a light, SCRAPING noise.  She glances up.  Silence.  She waits.  Nervous, Maya then goe back to her book.  Excited, she spots something that's important.  She hears another light SOUND.
119) 1) dialog: Peter?
120) 0) text: Maya listens.  She hears a few footsteps in the adjacent bathroom.
120) 1) dialog: (to herself) Jesus, Peter, you scared me.
121) 0) text: Book in hand, Maya walks over to the bathroom door and fl it open.
121) 1) dialog: (rushes in) Look at this...
122) 0) text: Henry Birdson is standing in the corner, same green regulation drawstring pants and matching T-shirt.  He has fish-gutting knife in his hand.  With an evil smile, he calmly steps forward, imitating the gesture Maya saw in t restroom at the seminary.  He raises his knife, holding i out in front of her.  Maya stands still.  She wants to ru more than anything in life, but she doesn't.  Instead, sh reaches out one hand and touches the knife ever so gently with the tips of her fingers.  Fro a second, neither one moves.  Maya's face registers great fear.  Birdson slides knife back.  Maya sees blood on her hands coming from a c on her fingers.  She trembles, but doesn't run.  Maya use the humility and calm of an experienced exorcist.
122) 1) dialog: (a whisper) Henry, Christ loves you.
122) 3) dialog: Christ can save you, Henry.
122) 4) text: Birdson shakes his head as Maya's dangling cross picks of particles of pure light.
122) 5) dialog: Just say his name, say his name and you'll be free.
122) 7) dialog: (soothing) Say his name.
122) 8) text: He slowly traverses the air in front of her face with his knife.  Maya steps back, trapped, her eyes never leaving Birdson's.
122) 9) dialog: (with love) Christ loves you...
122) 13) text: Maya throws herself back into the bedroom, SLAMMING the d shut behind her as Birdson's body smashes into it.  Maya Birdson's shadowy form trying to break the glass with an animal-like fury.  Scrambling against his mounting pressu Maya tries but fails to get the lock to close.  The door SHUDDERS, as Birdson pummels it with his body.  Birdson CRACKS the glass.  A spiderweb of shards rips through the window.
122) 15) text: Maya drops Lareaux's book, shouldering her weight against door.  He hits it so hard, it opens.  Maya shoves it back and, straining, manages to lock it.  At the same moment, realizes there's no more pressure on the other side.  She stops pushing.
122) 16) text: Over her shoulder, we see the door behind her slightly op She turns and realizes this, takes two steps toward that and then freezes.  Maya's in the center of the room, equidistant from all the doors.  She looks back at the door to the bathroom.  No shadows b the light at its base.  Ever so slowly, keeping her eyes the bathroom door, she reaches over, unlocks and then pul open the door to the hall.  It swings open silently.  She strains, listening as hard as she can.  But the only soun she can hear is her own shallow breathing.  She says a si prayer.  Then steps gingerly toward the door to the hallw As she takes a second step: Birdson BURSTS through the bathroom door behind her.  He leaps and slashes at her, cutting her arm as she bolts through the door to the hallway.
124) 1) dialog: AHHHH!!!
124) 3) dialog: Get up!!
124) 6) dialog: (dawning realization) Peter, let go of the chair!
124) 9) dialog: LET GO OF THE CHAIR!
124) 10) text: As Birdson makes another thrust towards them, Maya sudden jerks the chair away, clearing a path for Birdson's knife hit Peter's abdomen. Peter SCREAMS, bracing himself for the impact, an impact never comes. Birdson freezes, stopping the thrust millimeters from Pet stomach.  He's caught in an unseen trap, paralyzed.
124) 11) dialog: (insistent) He can't hurt you.
124) 12) text: In that split second, Peter realizes Maya's right.  He ta the chair and SMASHES Birdson in the head.  Birdson goes down.  Peter kicks him.  He doesn't move.  Peter grabs Birdson's knife.
124) 14) dialog: When's your birthday?
124) 16) text: He looks back at Maya, who's holding her upper arm.  Bloo begins to drip down her side.  Peter immediately grabs ho of her hand, carefully pushing her arm up in the air.
124) 18) dialog: Your 33rd birthday.  The transformation will be a perversion of Christ's rising from the dead.  Townsend discovered it in one of Lareaux's books.
124) 19) text: Peter goes to the window, grabs one of the lightweight curtains and uses the knife to shred a piece.  He takes i and bandages Maya's arm.
124) 20) dialog: It'll happen at the exact time of your birth.
124) 22) text: With Peter and Maya in the foreground, we see, although t don't, that Birdson sits up, his eyes open, staring at a point above Maya and Peter.  A horrible rictus smile move across his face.  Birdson's eyes roll back into his head until only white remains.  Then he begins to jerk uncontrollably, his face contorting into one frightening expression after the next.  Peter grabs the fish knife, moving in front of Maya. Birdson's limbs begin to torque out of control.  He convu on the floor then suddenly sits up closer to camera.  His eyes roll back down into a normal position.  His face bec calm.  He looks at Peter and Maya.  A horrified look cros Birdson's face as his arm rotates backwards, bones snappi and muscles ripping. Involuntarily spewing from Birdson in ever-changing anima like voices.
124) 25) dialog: He couldn't stop us and that's how he was punished. (insistent) Peter, what time were you born?
126) 0) text: Highway's dark, except for Peter's headlights, as they ro up and down a hilly back road.  Trees lean in on both sid The effect is eerily like driving in another world. Maya flips through Lareaux's book.  A bible she took from Townsend's house sits on her lap.  Looks over at Peter a moment.
126) 1) dialog: There's nothing else here.
126) 3) dialog: Comfort.
126) 4) text: Peter shrugs.  He starts to drive poorly.  His fatigue is showing.  Maya looks up as:
126) 5) text: Up ahead, the road begins to parallel a lake.  Glimpses o black water can be seen through the trees.  She powers do her window to get some air.  Maya looks over at Peter.  H face appears normal.  Then, she seems to hear a soft soun GASPING FOR BREATH.  Then: The car suddenly drifts into the other lane, heading stra for a guard rail which outlines the lake.  Instinctively, Maya lunges for the steering wheel.
126) 6) dialog: Watch it!
126) 9) dialog: PETER!
128) 0) text: Peter's breathing hard.  Maya's trembling, her hands on t wheel.
129) 0) text: Maya pops her seat belt and bolts from the car, leaning against the door, her breathing still LABORED.  Peter get out, moving around to her.  He sees she's having difficul breathing.  She chokes out a cough.  His anger turns to concern.
129) 2) dialog: (softly) Sometimes, when I feel weak, I have these...visions.
129) 4) dialog: I see things.  My worst fears.  You need to know something, Peter.  I was possessed once.  Like Birdson.  It took Father Lareaux six days to pull me out of it.
129) 6) dialog: I'm scared I'm slipping back.
129) 8) dialog: You have to say that.
129) 10) text: Maya smiles back.
131) 0) text: Peter and Maya SNAP the lids of their coffees.  Somewhere radio is ON.  Maya moves to the AGING CASHIER as Peter wa over to a wall of generic first-aid remedies.  HE grabs t largest band-aids there.  And as he joins Maya at the counter, we see it's the cashier's radio.
132) 0) text: Peter and Maya sit on the edge of the curb, sipping coffe Maya pulls out her cigarettes and lights up.  She offers the pack.  He gratefully takes one, lights up and inhales
132) 2) dialog: I was desperate.  I knew you wrote about murders.  I needed a way in.
132) 3) text: Suddenly a car motors toward them.  Just as a DEER decide cross the two-lane road.  The car's HIGH BEAMS startle th deer, it stops, snaps a stunned look at Peter and Maya. moment of stillness, then it gallops to safety just as th car speeds by.  Suddenly, quiet again.
132) 5) dialog: I know it is.  Right after my parents died, I went to the beach... (short intake of breath) I was in the water.  Everything was calm.  And then one of those really big waves hit me.  Hard.  Pulled me straight to the bottom.  I struggled and finally ran out of air. (gulps air) If it hadn't been for my sister who pulled me out, I would've drowned.  Legally dead for a couple of minutes is what they told me.
132) 7) dialog: Maybe that's my problem.
132) 9) dialog: Until it happens, you're still a human being.
132) 11) dialog: Only your body will remain.  I believe your soul will be at peace.  If we kill you, Satan can't stay.
133) 3) dialog: More air.  Always a good thing.
134) 0) text: Peter's box of records is on the bed where he left it.  T ancient news articles are scattered.  Some fallen onto th floor. Peter picks everything up as Maya sifts the contents on t bed.  We see passing glimpses of a passport, bankbooks, insurance policies, a will, a set of keys, and then a parchment copy of Peter's birth certificate.  Maya picks up.
134) 2) dialog: Tomorrow afternoon.  Four forty-five.
134) 5) dialog: (fingers set of keys in box) What are these?
134) 7) dialog: (desperate) Maybe I should check Lareaux's book.  It's in the car.  Be right back.  Don't go anywhere.
134) 9) text: Maya leaves the room.  Moments later, Peter hears the fro door open and close.  Doesn't move, then, suddenly, in a flurry of anger, he knocks the phone off the bedside tabl A lamp flies off with it.  Then he stands and sweeps his across the top of his bureau, knocking off pictures, mome a jewelry box.  Turning, he flips over a chair and kicks viciously. Breathing hard, he slumps back on the bed.  Across the ro he sees a picture of Claire has slipped partially behind bureau.  Its glass has shattered and only half her face i visible. Peter immediately picks it up.  Stares down at this smili girlfriend.  He lays it carefully back on the bureau, try to regain some control.  He breathes deep, then begins gathering everything back on to the bed.  He looks at the of keys.  Picks them up.  Compares them with his own set. Trying to think, he stares out his bedroom window at the building ledge across the way.  He SEES the potted gerani now arranged, a simple red flourish. Then a light snaps on in the apartment below and as he lo down, noticing it, his eyes shift, a momentary realizatio and he looks back down at the keys and leaves his apartme
141) 0) text: The front door is thrown open.  Peter steps in to see: Maya, standing, slightly tense, talking to somebody.  The other VOICE is obscured by the sound of a garbage truck moving down the street.  And as Peter moves farther insid past the door, he sees: Claire, sitting on the overstuffed chair.
141) 4) dialog: Where were you?
141) 5) text: Peter holds out the keys to Claire, ignoring Maya.
141) 15) text: Maya's eyes widen with alarm.  She turns quickly toward Claire who's watching them.  And as Peter follows Maya's stare, in one slow move, Claire pulls a Beretta from a dr in the aquarium table.  She points the gun directly at Ma
141) 23) text: She lunges at Maya, one powerful move, but as she does, M moves out of the way.  And as Maya spins around, Claire g for her again, but she trips on the wet floor, losing her balance.  As Peter grabs to catch her, she crashes horrib through the glass shelves. Peter is horrified. Then he walks to Claire and pulls the gun from her lifele hand.  Maya and Peter stare at each other in shock for a moment.  Then Maya's pager sounds.  She checks the number goes to the phone and dials.  As she does, Peter pulls a blanket off the sofa and covers Claire's body.
141) 24) dialog: Hi, it's me.  What's going on?
141) 26) dialog: Lareaux...he's coming out of it.  Let's go.
144) 0) text: A small crowd of priests, including Father Frank, is in t room.  Several stand next to the bed, blocking a clear vi of Father Lareaux.  Soft CLASSICAL MUSIC plays.  The mood upbeat.  As the door opens, Father Frank sees Maya lead P in by the arm like a puppet or a lost soul.
144) 2) text: With only a cursory glance at Peter, he leads Maya to the bed.  The other priests move away.  Father Lareaux is sit up against his pillows.  He looks good, rosy cheeked - al back to normal.
144) 4) text: Maya throws her arms around his neck, smiling for the fir time in a long time.
144) 5) dialog: Father!  Thank God you're better!  I really need your help.  We've only got a few more hours.
144) 7) dialog: What do you mean "don't worry?"
144) 9) text: Maya is floored.  Father Frank looks at her scornfully.
144) 12) text: Lareaux nods a "yes" at Peter, as Maya sits on the old priest's bed.  Peter stands beside her.
144) 13) dialog: So...we won?
144) 15) text: Maya plays with her cross, distractedly, rocking it back forth between her fingers.  Lareaux re-fluffs his pillows looking away from Maya, moving slightly, making himself m comfortable.
144) 16) dialog: We won because Christ...triumphed over Satan?
144) 18) dialog: So, if Christ won, that means, what does that mean, Father?  That Satan...
144) 20) text: Maya picks up a scapular from the dresser and moves in cl to Lareaux.
144) 21) dialog: (insistent) So I guess Satan lost.  Satan is the weak one.
144) 23) text: Maya is crowding Lareaux now, the scapular thrust almost directly in his face.
144) 24) dialog: (repeating, monotone) I can relax, because Satan the coward, trembles before Christ, right?
144) 25) text: Father Frank moves over to Maya with another Priest.  See Lareaux is having trouble breathing.
144) 27) text: But Maya resists their tugging arms, leaning closer to Lareaux.
144) 28) dialog: But doesn't he tremble, Father?  Doesn't he cower, like a frightened jackal?  Satan, the half-wit...
144) 29) text: Maya continues, taunting, her cross dangling over Lareaux
144) 30) dialog: (as slowly as she can) The whimpering slave of Christ!  The impotent dog on God's leash!
144) 31) text: Maya thrusts the scapular onto Father Lareaux's forehead. recoils violently, as though burned.
144) 33) text: The entire room stares, transfixed, at Lareaux.  Maya loo peter, then Father Frank, as she moves carefully off the  INT. FATHER LAREAUX'S ROOM - SHORT TIME LATER
144) 34) text: A nervous Father Frank is supervising the Jesuits as they empty Lareaux's room of its extraneous contents.  He avoi looking at Maya.  Father Lareaux sits calmly in a chair a the center of the room.  None of the Jesuits meet his eye One Priest tapes the curtains closed over the window.  A provides the only light.
145) 0) text: Peter and Maya stand anxiously near the door, waiting...
145) 1) dialog: He's our best chance.  If we can get him back.
145) 4) dialog: (emphatically) You have to be experienced to do this.  Just wait outside. Otherwise, you risk killing him.
145) 5) text: Maya looks at him, then clasps his hand briefly.  She bre off and walks over to Father Frank.
145) 6) dialog: You'll do it?
145) 12) dialog: Forgive me Father, for I have sinned.
146) 0) text: The priests enter and begin to prep the room.  Father Mal goes to the closet and takes out the briefcase we saw at Birdson's exorcism.  He opens it and takes out a bible, a cross a vial of Holy Water. We see Father Thomas don his cassock and scapular in the partitioned dressing area of Father Lareaux's room.  Maya enters.  Peter, from the doorway, sees her lock eyes with Lareaux.  Finally, she turns away.  Lareaux's smile widen Father Thomas steps out from Behind the partition.
147) 0) text: The last thing Peter sees as the door closes is Maya.  Serious, tight, professional and outside the door, Father Frank is already mouthing his rosary:
149) 11) dialog: Please, no!
149) 14) text: A GROWLING ANIMAL is heard, like a BABOON SHRIEKING.  Pet starts to turn the knob, then stops.  He's caught, unsure until Maya calls out in agony.
149) 15) dialog: Peter, help me.  Oh God!
150) 0) text: AND THEN VERY FAST.  The door SLAMS behind Peter and Lock itself tight.  Then, Peter sees: The room is not destroyed.  The room is FREEZING COLD, br is visible.  Lareaux is tied to the chair.  Father Thomas standing over him, with a crucifix in hand, the Eucharist Lareaux's head.  Maya and the younger Priests are kneelin just behind Father Thomas, overwhelmed.
150) 11) text: A TORRENT OF PROFANITY drowns him out.  A thousand voices young and old, crying, cursing, filling the air with hatr and spite.  Amidst this hurricane of sound, the lights be to flicker at ultra-high speed, creating a strobe effect. The window bursts open, flooding the room with light.  Fa Jeremy races over and struggles to close it, but cannot.  Maya is revealed praying, eyes open.  Peter and Father Malcolm are crouched near the door.  A terrified Father Thomas is bravely standing, holding his crucifix in front himself, facing Lareaux.  Or where Lareaux was.  The chai empty  Amid the deafening noise, Peter sees: Lareaux rise up behind Maya and encircle her throat with hands as the HELLISH VOICES reach a crescendo.  Lareaux begins to sing softly:
150) 13) text: Peter leaps to pull Lareaux off her, but the aging priest surprised Peter by grabbing him and hold him at bay.   As Peter struggles, Lareaux's expression shifts.  His confidence vanishes and pain distorts his features.  Lare falls to the floor in agony.  Maya and Peter bend down to help him, but the noise makes impossible for them to hear one another.  Maya pulls open Lareaux's collar to try to get him more air and in that instant, the VOICES STOP.  The lights POP on.  Maya leans close to Lareaux, who's dying on the floor, MUMBLING incoherently.  And on Lareaux's forehead, we see incision resembling strange, unknown letters.  Like they've been c from within.  The incisions are repeated on the backs of Lareaux's hands.  The room is so cold, steam pops off the breath.  Father Thomas moves fast, beginning the last rit in Latin.  He makes the sign of the Cross on Lareaux's forehead, then:
150) 16) dialog: (desperately) Father, please don't die.
150) 18) text: Maya leans down, inches from the dying priest.  Peter mov beside her.
150) 19) dialog: Father!
150) 22) text: As he dies, Maya is momentarily inert, tears of exhaustio She's devastated. And we HEAR a single GRACE NOTE laced w an intake of BREATH as we
151) 0) text: It's CHAOS as Jesuits rush in and out of the cell, helpin the exorcism participants.  Father Frank glares at Maya, he helps clear the room.
151) 2) text: Maya backs away from Lareaux, who is being covered with a white sheet.  A last glance and then she takes off with Peter.
152) 0) text: Maya looks straight ahead, trying to shake off her fear.  Peter looks at Maya, moved by her.  Puts an arm around he shoulder, a momentary intimacy, then he pulls away.  Fina Maya looks at Peter.
152) 1) dialog: I'll be all right. (reflective) Peter, at the very end, I think Father was back.  I saw it in his eyes.
152) 3) dialog: He's been repeating that since Birdson's exorcism.  I looked in every passage in the Bible and there's nothing about an ark or a sunset that tells us anything.
152) 5) dialog: That's his, I don't know, his 'grounding' phrase for me, "together, no matter what."
154) 0) text: Peter studies Maya, admiring her in some new way.
154) 1) dialog: He was trying to tell me something.
154) 9) text: Offended, the woman drives off.  Peter turns back to Maya who's suddenly grabbed Townsend's Bible and furiously fli through it.
154) 10) dialog: Wait a minute.  The message.  He used French, he knew he couldn't say it directly.  The arc "sank" or "cinq" c-i n-q.  It's French for five.  The sun "set" or pronounced like "sept".  The French word for seven.  The arc "sank" again. (then) It's five-seven-fie.  Book chapter and verse!
154) 12) dialog: Book five, Deuteronomy, chapter seven, verse five. (reads) "But this shall you deal with them.  You shall break down their altars and burn their graven images with fire."
155) 0) text: The Range Rover pulls up.  Peter gets out.  He's got a fi gallon gas can.  Maya enters the gas station MINI-MART. clock reads 4:05.  Afternoon NEWS plays on a TV.
155) 2) text: Maya hands the clerk some money and glances outside at Pe filling the gas can.
156) 0) text: It looks quiet and serene in the afternoon light.  Peter Maya approach carefully.  They see a collection of cars i front of the church.  Unkempt and dirty, a few pedestrian stare at them.  The gas bumps conspicuously against Maya' thigh.
158) 0) text: Peter and Maya pass through the vestry and edge their way into the main cathedral.  A MASS is in progress.  A lay READER has memorized the text.
158) 2) text: Peter and Maya move in suddenly from the vestry, onto the altar, behind the reader.  Maya's shocked by the packed-t capacity church.  The crowd inside immediately switch the focus to Maya and then to Peter, who's just moved up onto altar, standing unknowingly directly under the CROSS.
158) 4) text: The reader sees the stares from the crowd, stops, and tur to Maya and Peter.  The reader is wearing a small inverte cross around her neck.
158) 6) text: In the crowd, Maya sees the little girl from the diner. is stunned.  The little girl catches Maya's glance, givin her a sly smile and then looks away.  Her mother appears beside her.  Unnerved, Maya looks at Peter, desperate.
158) 7) dialog: Eight minutes...
158) 10) text: Alarmed, Peter looks at Maya, but her gaze is locked on James.  Then Peter glances down at the dripping gasoline in Maya's hand and as she sets it down.
158) 24) dialog: The realization floods her.
158) 25) dialog: Don't!  That's what they want.
158) 27) dialog: If you commit murder, you accept evil.
158) 28) text: One by one, people in the congregation begin to rise.  Pe can't believe what he sees.  Susan and Mrs. Quintana. Stunned, Peter lets the gun lower a moment and then, as h turns back to Maya, he's too late.  James has moved behind Maya, holding a long-bladed knife her throat.  James anchors it at her neck, forming a shimmering upside down Cross, Runic symbols carved into t Sterling handle. Peter pivots, pulling up the gun again, aiming it back at James.
158) 32) text: Peter looks at Maya.  Her expression gives him the permis to do the unthinkable.
158) 33) dialog: (softly) Let him kill me.
158) 34) text: Peter's thrown off.  Maya lets her eyes blink closed.  Fo moment, no one moves.  The knife glints off the stained glass.
158) 41) text: Stunned, Peter gulps a mouthful of air, lifts his gun and shoots William in the eye.  Immediate.  The bullet powers through William, lodging in Mrs. Quintana.  She COUGHS up GURGLING choke, eyes wide.  And as she dies gripping her neck, she doubles over the back of a wooden pew. The crowd reacts.  Maya grabs hold of Peter edging him ba toward the vestry and out of the church.  As the Congrega starts to press forward, Peter swings the gun back up and toward them.  It glistens off the Chalices.  They stop, w and as Maya and Peter finally turn their backs on the cro they take off past the sacred Eurcharistic relics.
160) 0) text: Peter and Maya sprint for the Rover.
161) 0) text: Peter and Maya speed up the street.  They turn the corner continue up a street undergoing construction.  Fenced by sawhorse barricades, it's equipped with flashing warning lights.
161) 2) dialog: Not a lot.
162) 0) text: Peter looks at Maya, then at the gun in his lap and back her.  Conflicted emotions.  He picks up the revolver.  Ma stares at Peter.  A huge fear rips through her body.  Pet hesitates.  Then hands her the gun.
162) 2) text: Maya puts the gun down.  Leans over and embraces him.  Th hold onto each other.  A shared intimacy, unknown to eith of them.
162) 3) dialog: (a desperate whisper) I'm not strong enough for this.
162) 4) text: Peter reaches over and tenderly brushes the hair away fro Maya's face.  Then Maya pulls away, raising the tiny gun TIME slows to a crawl. Maya holds the Beretta.  The strain etched on her face, h hands shake, her eyes well up.  Peter waits, watching her She's unsure.  We HEAR a choked back breath.  Gasping, lu looking for air.  The struggle for life. The car clock seems frozen on 4:54.  Finally, it turns ov and... Nothing happens. Peter's looking at her.  He knows.  He's sure of it.  
162) 7) dialog: Oh, Peter.
162) 11) text: Out of the corner of her eye, Maya sees the clock - its h rapidly spin backward.
163) 0) text: A HIGH ANGLE of the car from above.  A SHOT RIPS through air.  Then one more.  Maya exits the car.  She's unsteady her feet.  The camera pans up into the night sky. SILENCE. Followed by a low-pitched, disturbing rumble.  A kind of GROTESQUE GROAN.  Then some HUM is heard.  Static.  A not quite-tuned in radio station becomes audible.
165) 0) text: Inside the car, Maya is driving.  Windows down.  She look serene, at peace, carrying her wound well as we:
166) 0) text: Maya aims at Peter's head and pulls the trigger.  Peter's thrown back against the seat.  She fires again into his heart.  Maya lets the gun down slowly.  Tears streak her cheeks, as she cups his face in her hands.