71) 2) text: Peter moves into the bathroom.  Claire's sitting in front a mirror.  Her hair's up in a smooth twist, and all she's on is a bathrobe.  We note a photograph of Peter's mother sporting a similar hair style on the dresser.
89) 0) text: It's warm, crowded and NOISY.  WAITRESSES banter with longtime customers about the ups and downs of everyday li Maya enters in a state of complete distress.  She sits at counter next to a MOTHER and her LITTLE GIRL.  Their drin and sandwiches are spread out everywhere.  The little gir cusp her hand around a tall glass of milk.  She wears bla patent shoes, a red jacket, hood attached.  Maya bows her head and covers her eyes.  She's losing it...
89) 4) dialog: (embarrassed) Gina!
89) 7) dialog: I'm sorry, she's very into rules.
89) 11) dialog: Okay, Gina, that's enough.
89) 16) text: And then she smiles at Maya, a wicked smile.  Maya looks the little girl, and then at her mother.  The mother's ey are sparkling with malice.  The room begins to warp and distort.  And we hear a choked back breath. Horrified, Maya quickly turns in her chair and faces away from the vision, praying silently with eyes closed.  Afte moment, she opens her eyes.  The room looks normal again. the reflection of the mirror across the counter she sees the two seats next to her are empty, the utensils untouch Sighing with relief, she turns back.  But the little girl her mother are still there.  The mother's face suddenly l elongated, her eyes move too close together and her nose disappears.  A frightening distortion, but momentary.  An the little girl's smile widens with spite.
89) 18) text: With a loud, frightened cry, Maya sweeps her arms out, knocking all the nearby glasses, utensils and dishes to t floor with a tremendous crash.  Milk bleeds over the coun All eyes turn to her.  Distraught, Maya sees the little g and the mother are gone.  She grabs her bag and runs out diner.
158) 6) text: In the crowd, Maya sees the little girl from the diner. is stunned.  The little girl catches Maya's glance, givin her a sly smile and then looks away.  Her mother appears beside her.  Unnerved, Maya looks at Peter, desperate.