15) 12) text: There's a general MURMUR at this disclosure and... In the first row, wearing his press credentials like all the oth prominent members of the media, sits PETER KELSON.  Peter in his early 30's, fit, handsome, well-dressed, even seductive.  The ubiquitous success story, cynical, edgy a focused, he's all or nothing.  Peter takes notes in a lea book, graph paper, his own color-coded system, meticulous annotation.  He stares intently at the defendant.
17) 0) text: An explosion of CHATTER as the CROWD empties from the courtroom.  Many of the MEDIA rush to a press room across hall. As Peter heads that way, we see he enjoys some celebrity status.  Heads turn and fingers point as he goes by.  Pet stops a tall, Asian 26 year-old who's striding by with a thick packet. This is MICHAEL KIM, Peter's researcher.
17) 2) dialog: What about that psychic, what's his name, Szabo?
17) 4) dialog: (shaking his hand) I think it's gonna be a waste of time.
17) 6) dialog: (unsmiling, but he likes Michael) I'll be at Bedford tonight, if you need me.
17) 8) text: Peter takes off, weaving his way through the crowds.  And he enters a MEN'S ROOM:
18) 0) text: Peter saunters up to a urinal.  A rough looking man in hi late 40's comes out of a stall and approaches Peter.  Thi a tough cop named MIKE SMYTHE.
18) 2) dialog: (smile emerging) Mike.  Oh, the christening.  I meant to call...
18) 4) text: Peter finishes.  Zips up and goes to wash his hands.  Smy looks in the mirror, too, noticing a food stain on his sh He dabs at it half-heartedly.
18) 6) dialog: (his interest is piqued) Really?  You know, seeing these guys away from the court, the facade slips.  You catch things.
18) 8) text: Smythe hands Peter a tiny penlight.
18) 9) dialog: What's this?
18) 11) text: Off Peter's smile, we:
19) 0) text: The typical particle board and wallpaper set that looks better on the small screen.  Two chairs, one with Peter a one with the glossy blonde, perfectly styled, TV personal SALLY PRESCOTT. THE FLOOR MANAGER silently finishes the countdown as a ma up man touches up Peter before rushing off the set.
19) 2) dialog: Thanks for having me, Sally.
19) 4) dialog: Well, long-term exposure to things like this tends to give you a sort of clinical understanding of the subject.  After awhile, you begin to make friends with it, so to speak.
19) 6) dialog: No, the less mystifying.  Good and evil are only illusions.  There is no such thing as evil with a capital "E."  That suggests some third party bad guy pulling all the strings.
19) 8) dialog: There weren't any voices.
19) 10) dialog: As if there's another cause for little voices?  No, Sally, Viznick's a manipulator, he's clever, he has what I call malignant narcissism.
19) 12) dialog: Well, we all have a degree of narcissism, Sally, but a malignant narcissist is dangerously self-obsessed.
19) 14) dialog: Well, George Viznick is in the grayest of gray areas in the sanity spectrum.  Viznick is not psychotic.  He's simply unable to submit to any higher authority.
19) 16) dialog: (steps ahead of her) Right.  If you believe in God.  As a narcissist, Viznick couldn't blame himself for the alleged murders.  He created the voices after the fact.  In order to avoid the simple truth that there is no outside force that guides George Viznick and that George Viznick needs to pay.
19) 18) text: Peter is momentarily serious, interior, then the brief sl smile.
19) 19) dialog: Well, lucky for me, I'm not on trial, Sally.  However, I like to think I'm the actual needle on the compass.  Morality is which way you're facing.  The needle always points north.
20) 2) dialog: A pleasure, Sally.
20) 4) text: Sally leans forward to Peter and proffers a copy of his b
20) 6) dialog: (flashes a killer smile) Of course.
21) 0) text: A Range Rover double parks in front of an immense Catholi Church.  Peter gets out. Across the street, a group of Orthodox Jews walk by.  On steps of the church is an exotic woman, stylish in a yell Prada dress with a matching yellow nylon zip jacket.  CLA VAN OWEN hugs the collar to her neck against a sudden win guest.  She's a magazine stylist and Peter's girlfriend. Peter meets Claire on the street, he grabs hold of her, relaxed.  He kisses her deeply.  Claire still reacts, tho it's been a year.
21) 2) dialog: (seeing it) Do you think they have a room here?
21) 5) dialog: She's a talk show host.  They can't be charmed.  By definition.
21) 6) text: Claire slides an arm through Peter's.  Then, she reaches suddenly kissing him hard on the mouth.
22) 0) text: Peter and Claire walk down the center aisle, dwarfed by t vast vaulted ceiling and rosette stations of the cross. the Travertine and Terrazzo altar, there's a solemn atmosphere.  Choir practice is just about to end and the SINGERS are CHANTING A-CAPELLA in Latin. Standing before them, keeping time and tone, is FATHER JA MCKENZIE, a good-natured priest in his late fifties.  He Peter and Claire and lets the choir practice wind down.  Singers begin to collect their music as Father James move toward his visitors, happy to see them, as always.  He gi Peter a strong hug.
22) 2) dialog: You ready?
22) 7) text: A GROAN from the group at the bad pun.  Claire and Peter smile.
24) 0) text: Peter is driving up the West Side Highway, relaxed, an ar out the window.  Claire is beside him. James sits in the back, peaceful, meditative, as the tree lining the road move by in a sort of blurred landscape.
24) 2) dialog: You know how I feel.  The world is random.  The only certainty I believe in is death.
25) 0) text: Suddenly a car cuts Peter off.  Peter slams on his breaks Close call.  Claire's purse falls off her lap.  Lipstick spills out.  She steadies herself against the dash with a hand.  James is pressed forward into his seat belt.
25) 3) dialog: Fine.
25) 4) text: Peter resumes driving, mildly irritated.
25) 6) dialog: (cutting across the earnestness) It's Susan's cooking, Claire.  That's why Uncle James lets them stay.
25) 10) text: At the wheel, Peter gazes straight out at the road.  No expression.  But he cringes inwardly.
25) 15) text: James LAUGHS.  Peter shakes his head.  The notion of commitment more private to him that to his more expansive uncle.  Claire inadvertently glances at Peter, then she l out her window, an awkward, inward moment.
27) 0) text: Caption has been flashed onscreen: PETER KELSON, AUTHOR OF VICIOUS INTENT. Sally Price is interviewing Peter Kelson.
28) 3) dialog: ...as a narcissist, he couldn't blame himself.  He created the voices after the fact.
29) 0) text: A table showcasing the current best-sellers prominently features Peter's book, VICIOUS INTENT. Maya reaches in and picks up a copy.  Immediately flips t the jacket flyleaf at the back.  Reads a moment and as sh dos we see the bio: "born in Bedford, NY, a crime writer whose own parents were murdered..." Maya heads to a payphone and dials.
31) 0) text: It's a large house.  Peter pulls up and HONKS.  As he, Ja and Claire get out of the car, they walk past an old swin hanging from an enormous tree.  Childhood remnant.  Expecting them, a man in his late 30's wearing heavy rimm GLASSES moves out of the house.  This is WILLIAM, Peter's brother, followed by his wife, SUSAN.
31) 2) text: He grabs Peter in a bear hug.  Peter looks uncomfortable. And as he pulls free, he collides inadvertently with a lo hanging tree branch.  As it starts to bleed, Peter sucks his lip.  The swing moves slightly in the b.g.
32) 3) dialog: I don't think they got my best side.
32) 12) dialog: (immediately to William, kind) I don't want you spending any money on me.  Not right now.
32) 15) text: Father James bows his head and immediately, the family follows.  A signaled, almost unconscious gesture known to everyone.  They all look down except Peter.  Claire gives an annoyed glance.
32) 17) text: A stark silence as Peter and William remember.  Claire lo at Susan.  Then:
32) 18) dialog: Hey, Will, remember that dream I used to have over and over again when I was little, about the bear and the mountain.  You know, right after...
32) 20) dialog: ...well, you know, I really think the trial's getting to me, because I've been having this weird dream every night.  Only this time, of course, it's much different...
32) 21) text: Everyone's looking at Peter.
32) 23) dialog: It's probably trivial.
32) 25) dialog: Okay, I'll tell you.  I'm reading a book - I can't remember what the book is when I wake up - but I realize halfway through it's something I've written.  Or will write.  Anyway, I get to the end of the book and I'm feeling very satisfied and I close the cover to read the title and it only says "x-e-s".  Three letters.  For some reason, that makes me feel great, and I wake up.
32) 28) dialog: (looks around, big smile turning into LAUGHTER) What can I say?  I'm not a master of the obvious.
32) 29) text: And that sends everyone into an uncontrollable fit of LAUGHTER and as they're all in various states of choked b hysterics, suddenly William's LAUGHING becomes seriously uncontrolled and then: William's head involuntarily jerks backward, his eyes beg to roll up. Susan is first to notice, while LAUGHTER continues in the b.g. and she leaps to catch him. As William starts to tip over backward in his chair, Pete then realizes and together, Susan and Peter ease William the floor and turn him on his side. James grabs a pillow from an armchair in the room, shovin under William's head and... As William's epileptic attack winds down slightly, Susan looks up at James:
44) 0) text: We see the normal activity of a Soho street.  The camera pulls back and into Peter's office where see Peter workin his computer.
45) 0) text: It's a writer's domain.  Books everywhere.  Stacked and shelved in an obvious order, by size and subject.  There also several silver and leather-framed photos of Peter an Claire with known literary celebrities.  At the large gra and birch desk, an exhausted Peter switches off his compu
45) 1) dialog: (hits INTERCOM) Mrs. Quintana, let's go home.
45) 4) dialog: Lemme guess.  The lottery.
45) 6) dialog: You know what they say.  You have the same chance of winning whether you play or not.
45) 10) text: SNAPPING off the lights in her office.  And in the b.g., fragmentary sounds of a party going on somewhere down the hall, in another office.  A moment, then her outer office door slams. Peter goes back to work at his desk.  Finishing up.  Anot moment and he hears Mrs. Q's door PRESS BACK OPEN.
45) 11) dialog: (not looking up) What'd you forget?
45) 12) text: No response.  Peter looks up.  He waits, then continues t put his things away in preparation for leaving.  After a moment, he glances up to see MAYA standing in the doorway She's taken pains to look attractive.  Her best clothes. looks great.  A simple beauty.
45) 13) dialog: (startled) May I help you?
45) 15) dialog: (observes everything about her) Yes... and you are?
45) 17) dialog: Thank you.  Do you work in the building?  You coming from the party?
45) 18) text: Maya takes the chair opposite Peter's desk.  He stands waiting.  A little put off by her forwardness.
45) 20) dialog: Not pure evil.  That's correct.
45) 22) dialog: (uncomfortable) Listen, I'm sorry, but I'm running late.
45) 24) dialog: Not the most popular opinion, but yes.
45) 26) text: Intrigued, Peter stops what he's doing and sits down.
45) 27) dialog: A narcissist doesn't admit it.  It's the extreme of self-denial.
45) 29) dialog: Well, by saying that, you're acknowledging the existence of a higher power.  Which, to a narcissist, is impossible.
45) 31) text: Peter leans back in his chair.  Studies her carefully.  Doesn't really know what to say.
45) 32) dialog: Ooooooh-kayyyyyy.
45) 34) dialog: Well, then it all seems to be working out for you.  Listen, Ms...?
45) 36) dialog: (irritated) What's that got to do with you?
45) 38) dialog: I do.
45) 40) dialog: I'll bet.
45) 42) dialog: The world would be so much simpler if it were all just about good and evil.  Unfortunately I find it much more slippery and elusive place.
45) 46) text: Peter knows he agrees, but before he can respond, she's g
47) 0) text: Peter walks past the building's doorman, JOSEF.  Eastern European, mid-60's, formal and outwardly polite.  Josef n a professional "good evening" to Peter who acknowledges J as he continues toward the elevator.
47) 1) dialog: (indicating noise) Great sound.  How the hell do you live with that all day?
47) 2) text: Josef laughs politely, he likes Peter.  Peter presses the elevator button and waits, sticking his free hand in a po and as he pulls out Maya's tape, he remembers as... The BELL to the elevator DINGS and the door SLIDES open.  Peter inspects the tape with some curiosity, then stuffs back into his pocket, momentarily lost in thought.  Stepp into the elevator, he suddenly PULLS in a breath, startle
47) 3) dialog: Mrs. Levotsky, jeez you...
47) 5) dialog: Let me help.
47) 6) text: But when Peter reaches for the cart, she waves him off wi deepening in her scowl that we don't want to see get any deeper.  The elevator door slides SHUT.
48) 0) text: Peter puts the key in his door, apartment 5-A.  Glancing the hall, he sees Mrs. Levotsky struggle toward her door. she feels his stare, she turns slowly around and to Peter
48) 2) text: Pissed off, Peter shoves the key into its lock and goes i
49) 0) text: It's dark, except for refracted light from the building opposite.  Peter FLIPS on the interior lights and we can lots of money has been spent here; the interior's warm an tasteful.  It's eclectic, evolved.  Works of art pepper t surroundings.  A small, luminous aquarium sits by the ent wall.
49) 1) dialog: (drops food into aquarium) Hi guys. (calling) Claire?
50) 0) text: Peter heads into the open kitchen.  The flood lights on t outside cast strange, distorted shadows of people moving. Peter reaches down behind the refrigerator and fishes out pack of cigarettes.  He turns on the vent over the stove lights up, blowing the smoke directly up into the vent, tapping the ashes directly down the sink drain.  Unseen b Peter, a cigarette ash drops and lands on the stove.
51) 0) text: Peter reappears a moment later, holding a bottle of beer. Takes off his jacket, laying it on top of the sofa.  He m over to the CD player where he flips on some contemporary music.  Then he takes a long swallow of beer and sits bac down into the sofa.
51) 1) dialog: Better.
51) 2) text: BUMP, BUMP, BUMP.  Peter looks up at the wall, irritated.
51) 3) dialog: Mrs. Levotsky, we really need to have a couple brews and talk one of these days.
51) 4) text: Peter takes the remote to the CD, turns up the volume.
52) 0) text: Peter, all concentration, is bent over a magnifying glass using two tiny precision hooks to wrap thread onto the lu He's at a table in the corner of the living room.  A colo collection of finished lures are displayed on his work ar below a watercolor of a man fly-fishing. Peter gets frustrated as he repeatedly tries to hook a th and misses.  In the b.g., a leather framed photo of Peter with his parents at an exquisite lake.  Peter pushes hims back from the table.  Takes a beat.  Walks over and picks the tape Maya gave him. He studies it for a second.  Then he naps off the CD play puts the tape on the cassette deck and hits "play."  Ther no sound.  He turns the volume way up.  There's a HUM, bu nothing else.  Annoyed, Peter hits "forward," then "play. Still nothing.  He pushes the volume to the top.
52) 1) dialog: (to himself) What'd you expect?
54) 0) text: From this P.O.V., the tape continues to play soundlessly. Peter hears rapid POUNDING from Mrs. Levotsky's apartment Faster, more frantic.  The pictures on his wall SHAKE violently.
54) 1) dialog: Oh...come on, lady!  Give me a break!
54) 2) text: Mrs. Levotsky's POUNDING continues for some time.  Finall ending in a booming THUD.  Peter looks up at the wall, wa then smiles.
54) 3) dialog: Little cough syrup will do ya, eh, granny?
54) 4) text: Peter bends down to snap off the tape, failing to notice the lights on the equalizer are PUSHING HIGH into the red all channels.  He turns off the tape and puts on a Sonny Rollins CD.  The music begins at an EAR-PIERCING volume.  Peter scrambles to turn it down, then flops back onto the sofa.
55) 0) text: The door CLICKS, then opens.  Claire moves in carrying ba of take-out.  She sees Peter dozing on the couch. Claire kneels beside him, gives him a kiss and Peter leap out of his sleep with a start.
55) 1) dialog: Shi... Sorry, honey.  I was having the weirdest dream.
55) 3) dialog: (doesn't want to go over it) Weird.  The book again.  Sex spelled backwards...
55) 5) dialog: Uh...sure...I...what?
56) 0) text: Claire is clearing her plate as Peter picks at the remain a sushi dinner.  Claire notices the cigarette ash Peter dropped earlier, picking it up and smearing the ash betwe her fingers.  She shoots a glance at Peter, but does not comment on her discovery.
56) 2) dialog: Hmmm.
56) 4) text: Claire looks up, seeing Peter is lost in thought.  
56) 6) dialog: Sorry.  It's just...a strange woman waltzes into my office today.  Tells me she murdered her parents and can prove Satan exists.
56) 8) dialog: (unacknowledged) Says she can get me in to see this killer.
56) 10) text: Claire sees Peter's thinking about it.
56) 12) dialog: (sees her concern) No.  Of course not. (checking out the food) Mmmm.  Anago.  My favorite.
58) 0) text: Peter and Smythe enter a small room with a few chairs.  I dominated by an oversized, one-way window that allows the look onto the adjacent interrogation room.  A speaker sys lets them hear what's going on, but they can't be heard. GUARD enters with a replacement outfit.  Viznick stands passively as his restraints are unlocked.
60) 1) dialog: Seems George isn't making too many friends in lockup.
60) 3) dialog: You're too old to smoke.  Won't be able to shoot hoops with your grandkid.
60) 4) text: Smythe gives Peter a dirty look, ignoring the advice, as exits.  Peter looks back down at his notes.
60) 6) text: Peter looks up and sees the shocked Guard staring at Viznick's bare back.  It's covered by an enormous tattoo depicting Christ hanging upside down from the bottom of a cross, pinned there by a nail through his feet.  His dang arms end in stumps.  His severed hands are still nailed t the crossbar.  The effect is horrific yet mesmerizing.  A Peter watches, Viznick puts on a shirt, covering the tatt and then sits with his back to Peter.  The cops and guard exit.  Peter moves closer to the glass.
60) 7) dialog: (contemptuous) You don't fool me, Georgie.
60) 8) text: Viznick's head tilts.  Ever so slowly, he turns around un his eyes meet Peter's.  He smiles.
62) 0) text: Peter's thrown.  Is he seeing what he thinks he's seeing? Spooked, he moves three feet to his right.  Viznick's sta follows him without hesitation.  Perplexed, Peter moves a and again, the killer continuing to track him.
62) 1) dialog: What the hell?
62) 2) text: Peter looks up as Smythe re-enters the viewing room.  See Peter's fear.
62) 4) dialog: He's looking right at me.
62) 6) dialog: He could see me.
62) 9) dialog: Maybe...my imagination.
62) 10) text: Peter gives Smythe a short smile.
63) 0) text: Peter crosses the street from the police station.  He ste out between two parked cars and immediately into the path a speeding van.  Suddenly, a hand reaches out, jerking hi back.  The van ZOOMS by, missing Peter by inches.  He loo at his savior, it's a CRANKY middle-aged woman.
63) 2) text: Peter stares at her as she walks by.  She turns, sticks o her tongue at him.
64) 0) text: Peter ascends.  The button for the fifth floor is illuminated.  The elevator chimes.  He looks up and sees elevator stopping on the fourth floor.  He steps back to room.  It's Claire.
64) 2) dialog: Forgot my car keys.  What are you doing on the fourth floor?
64) 4) dialog: Well, it's a nice surprise.  Should I hit the "stop" button?
65) 0) text: Maya's waiting.  A group of Japanese TOURISTS including several women in kimonos, a group of Catholic school GIRL uniform and a mounted POLICEMAN are part of the street sc Maya stamps out her cigarette as Peter pulls up.
66) 0) text: As they take off, Peter motions to his cupholder, where t coffees sit securely.
66) 2) text: As Maya glances over at Peter, she's slightly fascinated. Peter remains reserved, but polite.
66) 4) dialog: I think you gave me the wrong one.
66) 6) dialog: (slightly irritated) It was blank.  Nothing on it.  You gave me the wrong one.
66) 9) dialog: I cranked it all the way up.  Nothing but hum.
66) 10) text: Maya's unnerved.  Peter sees it.
66) 11) dialog: So what'd I miss?
67) 0) text: Maya and Peter are walking towards the entrance.  She's touching the cuffs of her sleeves.
68) 0) text: Peter and Maya turn the corner and approach the door to Birdson's room.  An ORDERLY is walking with them.
68) 6) dialog: Jesus.
68) 9) dialog: Quite a compliment coming from you, doctor.
68) 12) dialog: (glancing at Maya) My secretary?
68) 14) dialog: No, I wasn't, actually.
68) 17) dialog: So you don't believe his condition is the result of anything supernatural?
68) 22) text: Peter looks at Dr. Allen questioningly.
68) 29) text: Maya, Peter and Dr. Allen turn and look at the orderly.  Peter's shocked by the orderly's admission.  Glances back Dr. Allen.
68) 31) text: Her tone is frighteningly friendly.  The orderly leaves.  Peter looks at Maya, then Dr. Allen.
68) 32) dialog: (curious) Just describe it to me, the scene, when you came back.
68) 33) text: As Peter speaks, Maya has an uncomfortable feeling.  She turns and sees Birdson STARING AT HER.  Eyes wide open.  Above him, the monitor's still showing no brain wave activity.  He grins at her.
68) 35) text: Peter and Dr. Allen turn quickly - as Birdson snaps his e back shut.
68) 37) text: What they see is a motionless man in exactly the same position as before.  The monitor's still showing nothing steady, horizontal waves. Dr. Allen shakes her head at Maya's outburst.  Dismissive her altogether and then to Peter.
69) 0) text: Peter drives out the hospital gates.  Maya's with him.  T radio is on.  Peter's angry.
69) 1) dialog: Where do you get off pretending to be my secretary?
69) 3) dialog: And this is evil?  The guy had an aneurysm and now he's in a coma.
69) 5) dialog: Well, why should I? (beat) Alright, what's your name, where do you live, when did you kill your parents?
69) 6) text: Maya doesn't answer.  Peter stops at a red light.  A pick truck full of teenagers with a young girl at the wheel, R BLASTING SOUL MUSIC, pulls up next to them. Maya uses the moment to get out and walk quickly away.  Peter watches h go for a moment, then stares at her paper coffee cup, pic up his cell and dials a number.
69) 7) dialog: Detective Smythe? (beat) Hey, Mike, it's Peter.  Could you pull some prints off something for me?
70) 0) text: Peter rides the elevator in his building.  It stops and h gets off.
71) 0) text: Peter enters the living room.
71) 2) text: Peter moves into the bathroom.  Claire's sitting in front a mirror.  Her hair's up in a smooth twist, and all she's on is a bathrobe.  We note a photograph of Peter's mother sporting a similar hair style on the dresser.
71) 4) text: Peter runs a hand through his hair.
71) 5) dialog: (half-heartedly) You're amazing.
72) 0) text: A glittering Italianate chandelier.  As we look down we S Men in black tie and women in high fashion chic form a mo of money and power beneath the chandelier's blazing light A lavish publisher's party is underway in the hotel's ballroom.  In one corner, a CROWD hovers around Peter and Claire, the quintessential perfect couple. She's in a dramatic skintight dress.  He looks great in t latest tux.  Adrenaline BUZZ of admiration has soothed Pe but he's still distracted.  Claire, however, is her outgo self.  William in a rented tux and Susan, in a modest gow hang on the edge of the golden crowd.  A JADED YOUNG MAN leading the conversation.
72) 2) text: Everyone enjoys that remark.  A gorgeous woman named LAUR moves closer to Peter, flirting.
72) 9) dialog: Yeah, but no one has the access I've got.
72) 14) dialog: Wherever there's room.
72) 15) text: Peter feels a tap on his shoulder.  A WAITER serving hors d'oeuvres is standing there.
72) 16) dialog: None for me, thanks.
72) 19) text: He points it at Peter's face.  Peter is in shock.  Everyt around him seems to blur, except the gun floating a few f away.  But Townsend hesitates, obviously conflicted. And suddenly, the woman to Peter's left SCREAMS.  The waiter's tray goes flying.  With astonishing speed, Willi flings himself onto Townsend.  They both go down.  A SHOT RINGS OUT.  Pandemonium.  Screams & shouting.  Peter sees that William has Townsend in a brutal headlock.  Townsend looks panicked, helpless.  Peter is pulled back, as the t men disappear beneath a swarm of other bodies.
73) 0) text: The enormous room is empty.  All the guests are gone.  Th uneaten food and overturned chairs testimony to their has departure.  Peter, Claire, Susan and William are sitting semi-circle.  Smythe walks over.
73) 1) dialog: Thanks for handling this.
73) 5) text: Peter stands and pats Smythe on the back.
73) 6) dialog: Thanks again for everything.
73) 8) text: Peter looks at William, then hugs him in a powerful embra
73) 9) dialog: (moved) Will, this is...
74) 0) text: Peter and Claire exit a limo.  The scaffolding is still i place but the workers are gone.  Josef pushes open the do for Peter and Claire.
75) 0) text: Peter and Claire enter the lobby.
75) 2) text: Peter and Claire are both caught off guard.
75) 4) dialog: What happened?
75) 6) text: Peter's stunned and now completely unnerved.
75) 7) dialog: Yeah, I appreciate it.  Thanks, Josef.
76) 0) text: Peter has slowed to look at the yellow police cordon, as Claire moves on into their apartment.
77) 0) text: A bit later, Peter and Claire, both still shaken, sit acr from a relieved Father James, drinking coffee.
77) 2) text: Peter's touched.  He pats James on the shoulder.
77) 4) dialog: I can't believe Will killed him.
77) 6) text: Claire stands, exhausted.  She bends down, kissing Peter the cheek, only because James is there, and then she give Peter a sweet hug.
77) 8) text: Peter hugs her tightly.  An emotional moment.
77) 10) text: Claire exits.  James looks at Peter, sees the night's eve have taken their toll.
77) 12) dialog: Something he said, just before...
77) 14) dialog: Yeah.  It didn't make any sense.
77) 16) dialog: You're right, but it's funny.  All my life I thought I was simply a man who didn't believe in any of it.
77) 18) dialog: But it's true.  I have no faith.  It's strange.  When that gun was pointed at my face tonight, I was surprised, but never frightened.  It was as if I knew nothing could possibly happen to me and...in that one moment I didn't care about anything.  Not eve my own life.
77) 20) dialog: You know, I respect that you have such faith, James.  I don't understand it, but I want you to know that despite our differences, I admire you and I always will.
77) 21) text: Father James stands and claps his hand on Peter's shoulde
79) 0) text: The hustle and bustle of a typical weekday morning.  As P crosses the street, nearing his office, suddenly a MESSEN on a bicycle skids and falls.  The Messenger's on the gro crashed, his mail everywhere.  Immediately Peter moves to help him up, grabbing an arm, trying to collect the spill envelopes.  All the morning PEDESTRIANS step over or arou the mess, in typical New York fashion.  The embarrassed Messenger thanks Peter, AD-LIB, and we...
80) 0) text: Peter's typing at his computer.  He is surrounded by newspaper clippings, interview transcripts and other rese relevant to the Viznick trial.  His printer JAMS.  As he moves to fix it, the intercom blinks.
80) 1) dialog: Yeah.
80) 3) text: Peter picks up.
80) 4) dialog: What's up?
80) 6) dialog: (tough) It's another day.  I think I'm alright.
81) 0) text: Smythe exits the building just as Peter approaches.
81) 2) text: Peter and Smythe take a walk down the street.  Smythe sto moment at an outdoor vendor.  Buys a hotdog.
81) 5) dialog: She came to me with a wild story about demonic possession.
81) 7) dialog: Parents died?
81) 9) dialog: What happened?
81) 11) dialog: She told me she killed them.
81) 15) dialog: Where is she now?
82) 0) text: Peter drives into the Lincoln Tunnel.  Two men stand outs the entrance, arguing.  As Peter passes, they begin fight
83) 6) dialog: Don't worry, I won't go anywhere near her.
83) 7) text: The door to the hall is abruptly flung open.  Peter strid in.  Maya sees his anger.
83) 8) dialog: (harsh) We need to talk.
83) 10) text: Peter's overt belligerence scares the children.
83) 11) dialog: Now!
83) 14) text: Peter grabs her and escorts her to the door.
84) 0) text: Maya, still holding the brightly colored vocabulary pictu stands with Peter in the hallway.  Opposite her in the ha is a window, and to the left, an old radiator with chippe enamel paint.  Next to the wall is a plain wooden bench.  Maya stands with her back to her classroom door.  She continually checks on her kids through a window in the do
84) 1) dialog: (really pissed off) Last night a guy named John Townsend tried to shoot me and now I find out you knew him.  What the fuck is going on?
84) 3) text: Peter moves in close, crowding her against the wall.
84) 4) dialog: (lowering his voice) Why did he try to kill me?
84) 6) text: Peter grabs the pictures out of her hand and pitches them into the hall.
84) 7) dialog: And the point is?
84) 9) dialog: What?!?!
84) 11) dialog: (sarcastic) Why didn't Birdson just say so?
84) 13) dialog: (now completely unimpressed) Trick him.
84) 15) dialog: (he's had it; laughs) You should think about getting professional help.
84) 17) dialog: I'm not going to be drawn into this.
84) 19) dialog: My parents are dead.  Don't even think of bringing them into this.
84) 20) text: The school bell rings.  Within seconds, the hallway is flooded with kids and teachers. A smiling Father Frank stops out of a classroom.  As he s Maya and Peter down the hall, his face darkens.  He start towards them.
84) 22) dialog: (pissed off at himself now) If you or any of your lunatic friends ever come near me again...
84) 23) text: Peter notices Father Frank moving up on Maya and takes of  EXT. STREET - OUTSIDE SEMINARY - DAY
84) 24) text: An angry Peter walks to his Range Rover.  The wind is up it has started to rain.  Peter's under-dressed, hunching shoulders against the elements.  He's parked a distance f the Seminary.  As he begins a slow jog to his car, the ra begins to come down a bit harder.  Suddenly, Peter slips the wet pavement and falls, scraping his hand.  A moment, while he gets his bearings and then he picks himself up, rain now shooting down the side of his face.
87) 0) text: Upscale.  Claire and Peter at lunch.  Peter is clearly agitated.  His clothes are still wet and pretty wrinkled. Claire looks at him with tenderness.
87) 1) dialog: I'm gonna have to get a restraining order.  What a nightmare.
87) 3) text: Peter looks at her skeptically, a little pissed off.
87) 4) dialog: You're glad somebody tried to kill me?
87) 6) dialog: (still pissed) Yeah, like...
87) 8) dialog: (unafraid) It's with me all the time, Claire, I just don't like to talk about it.
87) 10) dialog: (trying to lighten it) I'm just temporarily off my game.
87) 12) dialog: I believe in you.
87) 15) text: Claire kisses Peter, brief but deep, as she gulps in a sh gust of air. Outside the rain has stopped as Claire gets up, taking of for work without him.
90) 0) text: It's quiet, shadowy.  The aquarium has begun a slow leak a small puddle of water has pooled beneath it.  Peter ent He notices the water on the floor.  He goes into the bedr
91) 0) text: The ledge of the building across the way can be seen from Peter's window.  A WOMAN is moving near the ledge, settin out a grouping of potted geraniums.  From downstairs, a s of light is visible. Peter changes his clothes  Then, he feels the scrape on h hand.  Looks at it.  As he moves to the bathroom.  Washes hand and as he does so, he checks his reflection in the mirror.  Stares at himself a moment, then sticks out his tongue.  Checks it.  And then dries his hand, moving back the bedroom, carrying his towel with him.  Peter glances his bed a moment.  Half-amused, he leans over and checks behind the picture hanging above the headboard. Nothing. Then, he bends down, checking under the bed.  Again, noth Then, he moves to a bedroom closet, pulling down a black gray speckled file box. Inside, a series of newspaper clippings, graphic photos.  Yellowed with age, on of which falls on the bed, titled, "Unsolved Brutal Murders."  Peter riffles past the clippi to the coroner's report. He speed reads it, until he gets to his parents' blood ty "Andrea Kelson - A negative."  Jack Kelson - O positive." Peter stares at the information.  Confused by what it's supposed to mean.  Then, he pulls on a turtleneck sweater ready to go back out.
91) 1) dialog: This is ridiculous.
91) 2) text: Peter exits the bedroom and steps back towards the living room, carrying the towel.
92) 0) text: Peter passes through to his front door throwing his towel the puddle of water.
93) 0) text: Peter walks in, eyeballing Mrs. Quintana's desk.
93) 2) dialog: (breezy) We millionaires yet?
94) 0) text: Peter enters to find Michael.  Peter sizes up the man who casually studying Peter's personal desk photos.
94) 2) text: The stranger looks up.  He's young and cocky, with thick glasses.  He's holding a picture of Peter with his parent
94) 3) dialog: (to Melvin) I'd appreciate it if you'd put that back.
94) 7) text: Peter grabs one of his pens and begins rolling it between fingers.
94) 9) dialog: Nothing you couldn't find out from reading the papers.  And you're already wrong on one count.
94) 11) text: Michael looks alarmed.  Peter notices his pen is leaking over his hand.
94) 12) dialog: You know what?  You can go.
94) 14) text: Melvin picks up a pen and writes "X-E-S" in florid script a pad.  He holds it out for Peter's inspection.  Peter is rattled.
94) 16) dialog: Get out of here.
94) 18) text: He sticks out his hand and grabs Peter's.  His expression changes from one of amused disdain to fascinated curiosit
94) 23) dialog: (really shaken) Get the fuck out of here!
95) 1) text: Peter stands in the middle of the sidewalk as the wind violently whips at his jacket.  He gazes upward to the mu gray sky.  Finally he lowers his eyes.  He sees something that angers him.
96) 0) text: A sprawling Catholic church stands before him.  Peter reg it with wrath.  He pushes open the door and tries to ente but a group of LITHUANIAN parishioners pushes past him, blocking his way. A priest calls a farewell.
96) 2) text: The entry finally clear, Peter goes inside.
97) 0) text: It's dark, forbidding.  The priest exits around a corner. Peter looks at the vast and spacious altar.  Above it is enormous wooden crucifix.  Peter moves down the aisle tow the altar.
97) 2) dialog: Go ahead, do something.  Show me.
97) 3) text: He waits.  For a split-second, there's a pristine silence Then the sound of the wind rises in the church.  With tha the right wrist SHATTERS with a noise like a rifle shot.  Freed from one of its supports, the heavy wooden Christ S FORWARD at an awkward angle.  The other wrist SNAPS IN TW For a second, the Christ figure trembles.  Then, with a sickening sound, the entire wooden body falls forward, sw sideways and PLUMMETS down.  Peter doesn't want to look. figure is now hanging upside down, held only by the brace its feet.  Above it, each hand remains pinned to the cros It's an EXACT COPY of Viznick's tattoo.
99) 0) text: Peter staggers outside, dodging two DOGS fighting, a vici NOISY battle on the Rectory lawn.  And in the b.g., a homeless man takes a piss into a rivulet of white liquid. Peter walks in a daze, pulling his car keys from his pock
100) 0) text: Peter's car moves through traffic, driving slowly, erratically.  He scrapes a parked car, but doesn't stop, Corners poorly, almost hitting a pedestrian.
101) 0) text: Peter pulls up in his Range Rover across the street from playground.  He gets out of his car and crosses the stree As Peter walks closer, he sees Maya.  She's sitting on a swing, looking off into space, rocking ever-so-slightly b and forth, a pile of smoked, crushed cigarettes and her shoulder bag at her feet.
102) 2) text: Maya's face.  She's devastated.  In the b.g., a YOUNG GIR does a triple on the roll bar.  Three girls and one boy compete for distance on the monkey bars. The Latino Boy and one of his friends LAUGH and break fre from the line heading back to the school.  They circle ba toward Maya and swoop by her, waving exuberantly, then re to the line and go into the school.  The day-care worker follows them as: Peter walks through the gate.  He walks fast toward Maya, sees him coming, from a distance.  Maya continues rocking ever so gently on her swing.  Peter puts out his hands an stops it.  Stares at her, scared.
102) 3) dialog: (lost) I don't understand what's going on.
102) 5) dialog: But I was baptized.  And I certainly wasn't born of incest.
102) 7) dialog: Yes, I know.
102) 9) dialog: So what?
102) 11) dialog: Yes.
102) 12) text: Maya stares at Peter.
102) 14) dialog: I looked at the coroner's report.  My father's O positive and my mother...A negative.
102) 16) dialog: (really shaken) So...then the coroner's report is probably wrong.  I mean...this is ridiculous.  There's been a mistake.  I don't believe any of this.
102) 18) text: That silences Peter.  He sits heavily in the swing next t her.
102) 20) dialog: (desperate) And if what you're saying is true, what would happen to me?
102) 22) text: Peter looks at Maya for solace, but there is none.  He glances away, runs a hand through his hair and...
102) 23) dialog: When Townsend tried to kill me, he said something strange like... (struggles to remember) "The time of transformation is near..."
104) 0) text: The ground floor windows are shuttered.  Maya tries the f door.  It's locked.  Peter walks to the end of the porch, looking for another entrance.  Maya looks at the door, th jams her elbow through a small pane of glass next to the doorknob, breaking it.
104) 1) dialog: (inward smile at Maya) Okay.
105) 0) text: Peter and Maya enter the dark hall.  Peter reaches for a light switch and flips it on.  They see a hallway in fron them, stairs to the right and living room off to the left For a moment, they stand in silence.  Peter opens a close door, glancing inside.
105) 1) dialog: What are you looking for exactly?
106) 0) text: The furniture is shabby and worn.  There's a battered sof new TV and a coffee table.  Maya goes to the table and quickly looks through a pile of magazines.  Peter enters makes a fast tour of the room.  Maya gestures towards the entrance of an adjacent room.
107) 0) text: Maya turns on a standing lamp.  This room looks more promising.  There's an old piano in one corner.  On one w are two bookshelves.  And next to a set of wooden chairs small reading table.  Maya starts scanning the rows of bo Peter is immediately drawn to the table where he sees new copies of his books.  Chilled, Peter turns to Maya.
107) 1) dialog: He's got all my books.
107) 2) text: Maya looks over at Peter.
107) 4) dialog: I'm going to look around.
108) 0) text: Peter crosses the hallway into the dining room.
109) 0) text: The room's dominated by a long wooden dining table, cover with a chintz tablecloth.  The window shutters are open a moonlight streams in. Peter tries the light switch.  It doesn't work.  He walks around the room - and is spooked by a glimpse of movement It's his own reflection in a mirror.  He sees a closet do and opens it.  Inside, it's totally dark.  He pulls a han cord.  A light goes on revealing a small pantry filled wi canned goods, foodstuff. Peter goes to the other side of the pantry and opens anot door.
111) 0) text: Peter steps into a dingy kitchen.  A dirty coffee cup and plate sit on the counter near the sink.  At the other end the kitchen, past the refrigerator, is a door leading outside.  Peter approaches the door, glances through the window.  He then turns and walks through a doorway.
112) 0) text: Peter stands at the base of the rear staircase.  As he st to ascend the stairs.
112) 1) dialog: (calling out) I'll be upstairs.
113) 0) text: Maya is flipping through Peter's books.  Suddenly, she he the tread of footsteps overhead.  It startles her.
115) 0) text: An antique oak bed dominates the room, with two suitcases lying on top.  The place is a mess - clothes strewn everywhere.  There's a roll-top desk in the corner with s books and papers on it.  One of Townsend's jackets is dra on the desk chair. On the opposite wall is a door that's open just a crack. interior of a bathroom is visible on the other side.  The door has a smoky, opaque window built into its top half. Maya starts sifting through the papers on the desk.  She hear Peter's footsteps moving slowly above her.  And the sound of doors opening. She opens the desk drawers.  The first one is stuffed wit bills.  The second has checkbooks, bank statements.  The third is stuck shut. Maya kneels down to get better leverage.  From this perspective, we can see the open door to the dark hallway behind her...She pulls and pulls again.  As the drawer po open, a shadow falls across her.  She WHIRLS.
115) 2) dialog: Not much upstairs  A couple of empty bedrooms and a bathroom.  Anything here?
115) 5) dialog: I'll go outside and take a look in the garage.
115) 6) text: Maya nods.  Peter exits the room.  She hears his footstep fade away and a door slam.  As she stands up, she knocks Townsend's jacket off the chair.  A book falls out of a pocket.  It's on of the books Townsend took from Lareaux' room.  Maya opens it.
116) 0) text: Peter walks down the side steps and over to the large gar
118) 0) text: Peter enters.  Sees a switch.  Flips it on and a fluoresc light BUZZES ON.  He peruses old boxes, two dusty, black filing cabinets.  Ruston curtain rods, a box of broken appliances and an old stove covered with an orange tarp.
124) 2) text: It's Peter.  They hit the ground, groggy.
124) 4) dialog: What's the...OH SHIT!
124) 5) text: Birdson races in, knife held high.  Peter grabs the small reading table and uses it as a shield as they scramble to their feet.  Whipping the knife back and forth at lighten speed, Birdson corrals them into a corner.  It takes all Peter's skill to keep him at bay.
124) 7) dialog: What?
124) 10) text: As Birdson makes another thrust towards them, Maya sudden jerks the chair away, clearing a path for Birdson's knife hit Peter's abdomen. Peter SCREAMS, bracing himself for the impact, an impact never comes. Birdson freezes, stopping the thrust millimeters from Pet stomach.  He's caught in an unseen trap, paralyzed.
124) 12) text: In that split second, Peter realizes Maya's right.  He ta the chair and SMASHES Birdson in the head.  Birdson goes down.  Peter kicks him.  He doesn't move.  Peter grabs Birdson's knife.
124) 13) dialog: (to Maya) You okay?
124) 15) dialog: What?
124) 16) text: He looks back at Maya, who's holding her upper arm.  Bloo begins to drip down her side.  Peter immediately grabs ho of her hand, carefully pushing her arm up in the air.
124) 17) dialog: Hang on, get it up, go on, higher.
124) 19) text: Peter goes to the window, grabs one of the lightweight curtains and uses the knife to shred a piece.  He takes i and bandages Maya's arm.
124) 21) dialog: (he stops) That can't be right. (as he ties off the dressing) My birthday's tomorrow.
124) 22) text: With Peter and Maya in the foreground, we see, although t don't, that Birdson sits up, his eyes open, staring at a point above Maya and Peter.  A horrible rictus smile move across his face.  Birdson's eyes roll back into his head until only white remains.  Then he begins to jerk uncontrollably, his face contorting into one frightening expression after the next.  Peter grabs the fish knife, moving in front of Maya. Birdson's limbs begin to torque out of control.  He convu on the floor then suddenly sits up closer to camera.  His eyes roll back down into a normal position.  His face bec calm.  He looks at Peter and Maya.  A horrified look cros Birdson's face as his arm rotates backwards, bones snappi and muscles ripping. Involuntarily spewing from Birdson in ever-changing anima like voices.
124) 26) dialog: I don't know. (pulls in a breath, overwhelmed) Probably have a copy of my birth certificate...my apartment.
125) 0) text: Peter's Range Rover moves at a fast clip down side street and back roads.
126) 0) text: Highway's dark, except for Peter's headlights, as they ro up and down a hilly back road.  Trees lean in on both sid The effect is eerily like driving in another world. Maya flips through Lareaux's book.  A bible she took from Townsend's house sits on her lap.  Looks over at Peter a moment.
126) 2) dialog: What's the bible for?
126) 4) text: Peter shrugs.  He starts to drive poorly.  His fatigue is showing.  Maya looks up as:
126) 5) text: Up ahead, the road begins to parallel a lake.  Glimpses o black water can be seen through the trees.  She powers do her window to get some air.  Maya looks over at Peter.  H face appears normal.  Then, she seems to hear a soft soun GASPING FOR BREATH.  Then: The car suddenly drifts into the other lane, heading stra for a guard rail which outlines the lake.  Instinctively, Maya lunges for the steering wheel.
128) 0) text: Peter's breathing hard.  Maya's trembling, her hands on t wheel.
128) 1) dialog: What the hell's the matter with you?
129) 0) text: Maya pops her seat belt and bolts from the car, leaning against the door, her breathing still LABORED.  Peter get out, moving around to her.  He sees she's having difficul breathing.  She chokes out a cough.  His anger turns to concern.
129) 1) dialog: Are you alright?
129) 3) dialog: What do you mean?
129) 5) text: Peter grabs hold of her, an impulsive move, ambiguous in intent and unknown even the Peter, then:
129) 7) dialog: (scared himself) We're going to do this.
129) 9) dialog: (a smile emerges) That's true.
130) 0) text: Just past midnight.  A small, dirty white stucco and wood country mart.  The only light is a stark, household flood TWO PEOPLE leave the market, carrying a six pack and a fe munchies.  They hop into their car and take off. And at the edge of the lot, Peter's car is parked.
131) 0) text: Peter and Maya SNAP the lids of their coffees.  Somewhere radio is ON.  Maya moves to the AGING CASHIER as Peter wa over to a wall of generic first-aid remedies.  HE grabs t largest band-aids there.  And as he joins Maya at the counter, we see it's the cashier's radio.
131) 5) text: Peter pays.  Out of pennies, the cashier pulls out a new and bangs it open inside of the register.
132) 0) text: Peter and Maya sit on the edge of the curb, sipping coffe Maya pulls out her cigarettes and lights up.  She offers the pack.  He gratefully takes one, lights up and inhales
132) 1) dialog: Why did you lie to me about your parents' deaths?
132) 3) text: Suddenly a car motors toward them.  Just as a DEER decide cross the two-lane road.  The car's HIGH BEAMS startle th deer, it stops, snaps a stunned look at Peter and Maya. moment of stillness, then it gallops to safety just as th car speeds by.  Suddenly, quiet again.
132) 4) dialog: Close call.  For the first time in a long time, it's really hitting me.  Life's tenuous.
132) 6) dialog: No oxygen to the brain.
132) 8) dialog: Why didn't you just go along with Townsend.  Get rid of me.  I would've...
132) 10) dialog: What about after?
133) 0) text: The door opens.  It's dark, except for the luminescence o Peter's aquarium.  We see some of the fish are listing an the aquarium still has a slow leak.  The floor's wet.
133) 1) dialog: Claire, are you home?
134) 0) text: Peter's box of records is on the bed where he left it.  T ancient news articles are scattered.  Some fallen onto th floor. Peter picks everything up as Maya sifts the contents on t bed.  We see passing glimpses of a passport, bankbooks, insurance policies, a will, a set of keys, and then a parchment copy of Peter's birth certificate.  Maya picks up.
134) 1) text: Time of Peter's birth is 4:55 PM.
134) 3) text: Peter absorbs this.
134) 4) dialog: (false bravado) Plenty of time.
134) 6) dialog: I don't know.  Extra apartment keys.  What's it matter?
134) 8) dialog: Sure.
134) 9) text: Maya leaves the room.  Moments later, Peter hears the fro door open and close.  Doesn't move, then, suddenly, in a flurry of anger, he knocks the phone off the bedside tabl A lamp flies off with it.  Then he stands and sweeps his across the top of his bureau, knocking off pictures, mome a jewelry box.  Turning, he flips over a chair and kicks viciously. Breathing hard, he slumps back on the bed.  Across the ro he sees a picture of Claire has slipped partially behind bureau.  Its glass has shattered and only half her face i visible. Peter immediately picks it up.  Stares down at this smili girlfriend.  He lays it carefully back on the bureau, try to regain some control.  He breathes deep, then begins gathering everything back on to the bed.  He looks at the of keys.  Picks them up.  Compares them with his own set. Trying to think, he stares out his bedroom window at the building ledge across the way.  He SEES the potted gerani now arranged, a simple red flourish. Then a light snaps on in the apartment below and as he lo down, noticing it, his eyes shift, a momentary realizatio and he looks back down at the keys and leaves his apartme
135) 0) text: Peter gets on.  He looks at the unknown keys again.  Then pushes the button for the fourth floor.
136) 0) text: Peter knocks softly on the door.  Then more loudly.  No response.  He tries on of the new keys, slowly giving it turn.  It works.  He tries the lower lock.  The click of key is audible as...
137) 0) text: The door swings open to a dark apartment.  Peter stands warily at the door, then flips on the lights.  Nothing th No furniture.  No occupance. Peter steps in and closes the door.  He looks around at t emptiness.  A cockroach scurries across the floor in fron him.
139) 0) text: Only a small table and lamp have been left in the corner. Peter switches on the lamp.  He notices the ceiling's bee dropped.  A grid of white tile panels, held by a lightwei metal frame.  He stares at it. Very slowly he raises the broom upward and pokes on of th panels.  It moves easily.  He pushes harder and manages t angle the panel, sliding it back, so that some of the original ceiling is visible.  He sees: A lurid splash of color, a tiny fragment of white line, a part of a strange design. Peter stares hard at it.  He grabs the small table from t corner and drags it to the center of the room.  Standing it, he can now easily reach the tiles with his hands. He SMASHES the panels loose, KNOCKING THEM OUT and droppi them on the floor.  Two, three, four more tiles.  Then fi
140) 0) text: The door of Apt. 4-A is thrown open.  Peter takes off, leaving the door ajar behind him.
141) 0) text: The front door is thrown open.  Peter steps in to see: Maya, standing, slightly tense, talking to somebody.  The other VOICE is obscured by the sound of a garbage truck moving down the street.  And as Peter moves farther insid past the door, he sees: Claire, sitting on the overstuffed chair.
141) 2) dialog: Claire...
141) 5) text: Peter holds out the keys to Claire, ignoring Maya.
141) 6) dialog: What're these?
141) 8) dialog: I found them in your file box.
141) 10) dialog: I thought the spare set was in the kitchen drawer.
141) 11) dialog: (to Claire) You were hiding them.
141) 12) text: Claire gets up, moving to Peter, and reaches to embrace h He lets it happen, but doesn't reciprocate.
141) 14) dialog: (moving across the room) I found the pentacle.
141) 15) text: Maya's eyes widen with alarm.  She turns quickly toward Claire who's watching them.  And as Peter follows Maya's stare, in one slow move, Claire pulls a Beretta from a dr in the aquarium table.  She points the gun directly at Ma
141) 17) dialog: So you're going to kill her?  Put the gun down Claire.
141) 18) text: Claire ignores him, but before she can make her move, Pet has grabbed her wrist, twisting her back into the living room, trying to pull the gun out of her hand.  Claire wre free of Peter.
141) 20) dialog: You really had me going, Claire.  I was finally ready to propose to you.
141) 23) text: She lunges at Maya, one powerful move, but as she does, M moves out of the way.  And as Maya spins around, Claire g for her again, but she trips on the wet floor, losing her balance.  As Peter grabs to catch her, she crashes horrib through the glass shelves. Peter is horrified. Then he walks to Claire and pulls the gun from her lifele hand.  Maya and Peter stare at each other in shock for a moment.  Then Maya's pager sounds.  She checks the number goes to the phone and dials.  As she does, Peter pulls a blanket off the sofa and covers Claire's body.
141) 25) text: She listens, and her expression changes to one of relief. She hangs up the phone and turns to Peter.
143) 0) text: As the sunlight prisms on dew-covered grass, Peter and Ma pull into the seminary parking lot.
144) 2) text: With only a cursory glance at Peter, he leads Maya to the bed.  The other priests move away.  Father Lareaux is sit up against his pillows.  He looks good, rosy cheeked - al back to normal.
144) 11) dialog: (confused) Does that mean it's over?
144) 12) text: Lareaux nods a "yes" at Peter, as Maya sits on the old priest's bed.  Peter stands beside her.
144) 33) text: The entire room stares, transfixed, at Lareaux.  Maya loo peter, then Father Frank, as she moves carefully off the  INT. FATHER LAREAUX'S ROOM - SHORT TIME LATER
145) 0) text: Peter and Maya stand anxiously near the door, waiting...
145) 3) dialog: What can I do?
146) 0) text: The priests enter and begin to prep the room.  Father Mal goes to the closet and takes out the briefcase we saw at Birdson's exorcism.  He opens it and takes out a bible, a cross a vial of Holy Water. We see Father Thomas don his cassock and scapular in the partitioned dressing area of Father Lareaux's room.  Maya enters.  Peter, from the doorway, sees her lock eyes with Lareaux.  Finally, she turns away.  Lareaux's smile widen Father Thomas steps out from Behind the partition.
147) 0) text: The last thing Peter sees as the door closes is Maya.  Serious, tight, professional and outside the door, Father Frank is already mouthing his rosary:
147) 1) dialog: (to Father Frank) Now what?
147) 3) text: Father Frank leads the other Jesuits down the hall.  With seconds, Peter's alone.  He looks at the door.  Then he slowly moves closer to it, until he's a foot away He tries to listen.  Nothing.  He leans even closer.
147) 5) text: Peter moves closer.
147) 7) text: Peter moves away and sits down on a bench in the hallway.
149) 0) text: Peter is sitting on the bench.  He HEARS:
149) 6) text: Suddenly the imprint of a chair pushes against the wall a will burst right through.  Peter jumps away.  He approach the door.
149) 8) text: Suddenly a body slams into the wall which starts to rippl if a subterranean shape were moving through it.  The body appears to be climbing straight up the wall. There's an explosion of NOISE, shrieking and shouting, th sounds of furniture being violently overturned.  Peter is mesmerized and scared.  Hateful VOICES SWELL UP.
149) 10) text: Peter touches the door knob to Lareaux's room.  It is FREEZING COLD, so cold it burns.  He pulls his hand away wraps his jacket around his hand.
149) 12) text: Peter is torn.  His hand again moves to the doorknob.  Another body SLAMS into the wall.  More NOISE cries of PA ANGER...and pain.
149) 16) text: Peter flings the door open and steps inside.
150) 0) text: AND THEN VERY FAST.  The door SLAMS behind Peter and Lock itself tight.  Then, Peter sees: The room is not destroyed.  The room is FREEZING COLD, br is visible.  Lareaux is tied to the chair.  Father Thomas standing over him, with a crucifix in hand, the Eucharist Lareaux's head.  Maya and the younger Priests are kneelin just behind Father Thomas, overwhelmed.
150) 10) dialog: Maya?
150) 11) text: A TORRENT OF PROFANITY drowns him out.  A thousand voices young and old, crying, cursing, filling the air with hatr and spite.  Amidst this hurricane of sound, the lights be to flicker at ultra-high speed, creating a strobe effect. The window bursts open, flooding the room with light.  Fa Jeremy races over and struggles to close it, but cannot.  Maya is revealed praying, eyes open.  Peter and Father Malcolm are crouched near the door.  A terrified Father Thomas is bravely standing, holding his crucifix in front himself, facing Lareaux.  Or where Lareaux was.  The chai empty  Amid the deafening noise, Peter sees: Lareaux rise up behind Maya and encircle her throat with hands as the HELLISH VOICES reach a crescendo.  Lareaux begins to sing softly:
150) 13) text: Peter leaps to pull Lareaux off her, but the aging priest surprised Peter by grabbing him and hold him at bay.   As Peter struggles, Lareaux's expression shifts.  His confidence vanishes and pain distorts his features.  Lare falls to the floor in agony.  Maya and Peter bend down to help him, but the noise makes impossible for them to hear one another.  Maya pulls open Lareaux's collar to try to get him more air and in that instant, the VOICES STOP.  The lights POP on.  Maya leans close to Lareaux, who's dying on the floor, MUMBLING incoherently.  And on Lareaux's forehead, we see incision resembling strange, unknown letters.  Like they've been c from within.  The incisions are repeated on the backs of Lareaux's hands.  The room is so cold, steam pops off the breath.  Father Thomas moves fast, beginning the last rit in Latin.  He makes the sign of the Cross on Lareaux's forehead, then:
150) 18) text: Maya leans down, inches from the dying priest.  Peter mov beside her.
151) 1) dialog: (looking down at Maya) I thought you were in danger.
151) 2) text: Maya backs away from Lareaux, who is being covered with a white sheet.  A last glance and then she takes off with Peter.
152) 0) text: Maya looks straight ahead, trying to shake off her fear.  Peter looks at Maya, moved by her.  Puts an arm around he shoulder, a momentary intimacy, then he pulls away.  Fina Maya looks at Peter.
152) 2) dialog: So, what does it mean.  The ark sank and the sun set?
152) 4) dialog: What did he say to you in French?
152) 6) dialog: (deep sigh) Terrific.
154) 0) text: Peter studies Maya, admiring her in some new way.
154) 2) dialog: (cynical) And his message was  "Together, no matter what?"
154) 3) text: A car pulls up alongside them.  The driver, a middle-aged WOMAN, rolls down her window and calls out to Peter.
154) 7) text: Peter turns to the woman.
154) 8) dialog: (doesn't give a shit) Lady, I don't know.
154) 9) text: Offended, the woman drives off.  Peter turns back to Maya who's suddenly grabbed Townsend's Bible and furiously fli through it.
154) 13) dialog: And what's that mean?
155) 0) text: The Range Rover pulls up.  Peter gets out.  He's got a fi gallon gas can.  Maya enters the gas station MINI-MART. clock reads 4:05.  Afternoon NEWS plays on a TV.
156) 0) text: It looks quiet and serene in the afternoon light.  Peter Maya approach carefully.  They see a collection of cars i front of the church.  Unkempt and dirty, a few pedestrian stare at them.  The gas bumps conspicuously against Maya' thigh.
157) 0) text: Peter pulls out Claire's gun.  They step inside.
158) 0) text: Peter and Maya pass through the vestry and edge their way into the main cathedral.  A MASS is in progress.  A lay READER has memorized the text.
158) 2) text: Peter and Maya move in suddenly from the vestry, onto the altar, behind the reader.  Maya's shocked by the packed-t capacity church.  The crowd inside immediately switch the focus to Maya and then to Peter, who's just moved up onto altar, standing unknowingly directly under the CROSS.
158) 4) text: The reader sees the stares from the crowd, stops, and tur to Maya and Peter.  The reader is wearing a small inverte cross around her neck.
158) 6) text: In the crowd, Maya sees the little girl from the diner. is stunned.  The little girl catches Maya's glance, givin her a sly smile and then looks away.  Her mother appears beside her.  Unnerved, Maya looks at Peter, desperate.
158) 8) text: Then, the priest at the front of the church, standing qui next to the reader, turns slowly toward Peter, oddly very calm.  And we see it's Father James.  He smiles.  Charmin gracious.
158) 10) text: Alarmed, Peter looks at Maya, but her gaze is locked on James.  Then Peter glances down at the dripping gasoline in Maya's hand and as she sets it down.
158) 12) text: Peter moves toward James, putting the gun to his uncle's head.
158) 13) dialog: (barely able to stand it) You fucking bastard.
158) 15) dialog: So all that bullshit about God and faith.
158) 17) dialog: (beyond anger, beyond tears) You lied to me my whole life.  Everything you said, everything you did.
158) 19) dialog: You raised me, like a son.
158) 21) dialog: (putting it together) You killed my parents.
158) 23) text: Peter moves the muzzle of the gun into James' carotid art
158) 28) text: One by one, people in the congregation begin to rise.  Pe can't believe what he sees.  Susan and Mrs. Quintana. Stunned, Peter lets the gun lower a moment and then, as h turns back to Maya, he's too late.  James has moved behind Maya, holding a long-bladed knife her throat.  James anchors it at her neck, forming a shimmering upside down Cross, Runic symbols carved into t Sterling handle. Peter pivots, pulling up the gun again, aiming it back at James.
158) 29) dialog: Drop the knife.
158) 32) text: Peter looks at Maya.  Her expression gives him the permis to do the unthinkable.
158) 34) text: Peter's thrown off.  Maya lets her eyes blink closed.  Fo moment, no one moves.  The knife glints off the stained glass.
158) 35) text: Peter.  Thinking.  Unraveling.
158) 37) text: Peter FIRES, an ECHOING REPORT, bouncing from the Cathedr ceiling to the Travertine floor.  Father James falls, mortally wounded.
158) 39) text: Peter sees William approaching from the pews.
158) 41) text: Stunned, Peter gulps a mouthful of air, lifts his gun and shoots William in the eye.  Immediate.  The bullet powers through William, lodging in Mrs. Quintana.  She COUGHS up GURGLING choke, eyes wide.  And as she dies gripping her neck, she doubles over the back of a wooden pew. The crowd reacts.  Maya grabs hold of Peter edging him ba toward the vestry and out of the church.  As the Congrega starts to press forward, Peter swings the gun back up and toward them.  It glistens off the Chalices.  They stop, w and as Maya and Peter finally turn their backs on the cro they take off past the sacred Eurcharistic relics.
160) 0) text: Peter and Maya sprint for the Rover.
161) 0) text: Peter and Maya speed up the street.  They turn the corner continue up a street undergoing construction.  Fenced by sawhorse barricades, it's equipped with flashing warning lights.
161) 1) dialog: How much time do we have?
161) 3) text: Peter races past the barricades, side-swiping the steel sawhorses, then suddenly he slams on the brakes, skidding a rough stop, nowhere to go.
162) 0) text: Peter looks at Maya, then at the gun in his lap and back her.  Conflicted emotions.  He picks up the revolver.  Ma stares at Peter.  A huge fear rips through her body.  Pet hesitates.  Then hands her the gun.
162) 1) dialog: If you can do it...go ahead.
162) 4) text: Peter reaches over and tenderly brushes the hair away fro Maya's face.  Then Maya pulls away, raising the tiny gun TIME slows to a crawl. Maya holds the Beretta.  The strain etched on her face, h hands shake, her eyes well up.  Peter waits, watching her She's unsure.  We HEAR a choked back breath.  Gasping, lu looking for air.  The struggle for life. The car clock seems frozen on 4:54.  Finally, it turns ov and... Nothing happens. Peter's looking at her.  He knows.  He's sure of it.  
162) 5) dialog: It didn't work!  Maya, I'm okay.
162) 6) text: Peter reaches for her, his face radiant, joyful, alive. doesn't move a muscle.  The gun barrel doesn't quiver.
162) 8) dialog: (changed tone) It's me.  Put the gun down.  Maya...
162) 10) dialog: If you really think I'm the Devil, then shoot me.
166) 0) text: Maya aims at Peter's head and pulls the trigger.  Peter's thrown back against the seat.  She fires again into his heart.  Maya lets the gun down slowly.  Tears streak her cheeks, as she cups his face in her hands.