31) 0) text: It's a large house.  Peter pulls up and HONKS.  As he, Ja and Claire get out of the car, they walk past an old swin hanging from an enormous tree.  Childhood remnant.  Expecting them, a man in his late 30's wearing heavy rimm GLASSES moves out of the house.  This is WILLIAM, Peter's brother, followed by his wife, SUSAN.
32) 0) text: Everyone except Susan troops into the dining room, where impressive dinner awaits them.  They take their places be their respective chairs.  A routine.  BUZZ of conversatio
32) 4) text: Susan moves in, carefully balancing a few ceramic platter and then she bends over the table, squeezing the last pla onto a huge wooden table already covered with plates of various food.  Then, she sits down herself.  Takes a litt breath.
32) 5) dialog: This is it.  If you need anything else, get it yourself.
32) 7) dialog: I love you, too.
32) 17) text: A stark silence as Peter and William remember.  Claire lo at Susan.  Then:
32) 27) text: More silence, then James bursts out LAUGHING.  Then Susan can't gold it back and then William.
32) 29) text: And that sends everyone into an uncontrollable fit of LAUGHTER and as they're all in various states of choked b hysterics, suddenly William's LAUGHING becomes seriously uncontrolled and then: William's head involuntarily jerks backward, his eyes beg to roll up. Susan is first to notice, while LAUGHTER continues in the b.g. and she leaps to catch him. As William starts to tip over backward in his chair, Pete then realizes and together, Susan and Peter ease William the floor and turn him on his side. James grabs a pillow from an armchair in the room, shovin under William's head and... As William's epileptic attack winds down slightly, Susan looks up at James:
32) 30) dialog: It's been a long time since his last seizure.  I guess we've got to adjust his medication again.
72) 0) text: A glittering Italianate chandelier.  As we look down we S Men in black tie and women in high fashion chic form a mo of money and power beneath the chandelier's blazing light A lavish publisher's party is underway in the hotel's ballroom.  In one corner, a CROWD hovers around Peter and Claire, the quintessential perfect couple. She's in a dramatic skintight dress.  He looks great in t latest tux.  Adrenaline BUZZ of admiration has soothed Pe but he's still distracted.  Claire, however, is her outgo self.  William in a rented tux and Susan, in a modest gow hang on the edge of the golden crowd.  A JADED YOUNG MAN leading the conversation.
73) 0) text: The enormous room is empty.  All the guests are gone.  Th uneaten food and overturned chairs testimony to their has departure.  Peter, Claire, Susan and William are sitting semi-circle.  Smythe walks over.
73) 12) dialog: Can we please leave now?
158) 28) text: One by one, people in the congregation begin to rise.  Pe can't believe what he sees.  Susan and Mrs. Quintana. Stunned, Peter lets the gun lower a moment and then, as h turns back to Maya, he's too late.  James has moved behind Maya, holding a long-bladed knife her throat.  James anchors it at her neck, forming a shimmering upside down Cross, Runic symbols carved into t Sterling handle. Peter pivots, pulling up the gun again, aiming it back at James.