31) 0) text: It's a large house.  Peter pulls up and HONKS.  As he, Ja and Claire get out of the car, they walk past an old swin hanging from an enormous tree.  Childhood remnant.  Expecting them, a man in his late 30's wearing heavy rimm GLASSES moves out of the house.  This is WILLIAM, Peter's brother, followed by his wife, SUSAN.
31) 1) dialog: About time, I'm starving.
31) 4) dialog: I've got martinis on ice and I grabbed some good bottles from the cellar.
32) 1) dialog: Hey, Peter, I missed your show.  How'd it go?
32) 6) dialog: (mock distress) Susan, I don't see any salt.
32) 11) dialog: By the way, I want your advice on what to get him.
32) 14) dialog: Let's eat already.
32) 17) text: A stark silence as Peter and William remember.  Claire lo at Susan.  Then:
32) 19) text: William nods "yes."
32) 27) text: More silence, then James bursts out LAUGHING.  Then Susan can't gold it back and then William.
32) 29) text: And that sends everyone into an uncontrollable fit of LAUGHTER and as they're all in various states of choked b hysterics, suddenly William's LAUGHING becomes seriously uncontrolled and then: William's head involuntarily jerks backward, his eyes beg to roll up. Susan is first to notice, while LAUGHTER continues in the b.g. and she leaps to catch him. As William starts to tip over backward in his chair, Pete then realizes and together, Susan and Peter ease William the floor and turn him on his side. James grabs a pillow from an armchair in the room, shovin under William's head and... As William's epileptic attack winds down slightly, Susan looks up at James:
72) 0) text: A glittering Italianate chandelier.  As we look down we S Men in black tie and women in high fashion chic form a mo of money and power beneath the chandelier's blazing light A lavish publisher's party is underway in the hotel's ballroom.  In one corner, a CROWD hovers around Peter and Claire, the quintessential perfect couple. She's in a dramatic skintight dress.  He looks great in t latest tux.  Adrenaline BUZZ of admiration has soothed Pe but he's still distracted.  Claire, however, is her outgo self.  William in a rented tux and Susan, in a modest gow hang on the edge of the golden crowd.  A JADED YOUNG MAN leading the conversation.
72) 19) text: He points it at Peter's face.  Peter is in shock.  Everyt around him seems to blur, except the gun floating a few f away.  But Townsend hesitates, obviously conflicted. And suddenly, the woman to Peter's left SCREAMS.  The waiter's tray goes flying.  With astonishing speed, Willi flings himself onto Townsend.  They both go down.  A SHOT RINGS OUT.  Pandemonium.  Screams & shouting.  Peter sees that William has Townsend in a brutal headlock.  Townsend looks panicked, helpless.  Peter is pulled back, as the t men disappear beneath a swarm of other bodies.
73) 0) text: The enormous room is empty.  All the guests are gone.  Th uneaten food and overturned chairs testimony to their has departure.  Peter, Claire, Susan and William are sitting semi-circle.  Smythe walks over.
73) 8) text: Peter looks at William, then hugs him in a powerful embra
73) 10) dialog: It's okay.
158) 38) dialog: And you thought I was the family fuck up.
158) 39) text: Peter sees William approaching from the pews.
158) 40) dialog: Thank you, Maya.  You served us well.
158) 41) text: Stunned, Peter gulps a mouthful of air, lifts his gun and shoots William in the eye.  Immediate.  The bullet powers through William, lodging in Mrs. Quintana.  She COUGHS up GURGLING choke, eyes wide.  And as she dies gripping her neck, she doubles over the back of a wooden pew. The crowd reacts.  Maya grabs hold of Peter edging him ba toward the vestry and out of the church.  As the Congrega starts to press forward, Peter swings the gun back up and toward them.  It glistens off the Chalices.  They stop, w and as Maya and Peter finally turn their backs on the cro they take off past the sacred Eurcharistic relics.