17) 0) text: Typical slow night. Judy is updating records with her par time office helper BECCA DARLING. Seventeen. Pretty. Loca honor student. NURSE VIOLET, town gossip, also the clinic receptionist, wanders over, bored, buffing her nails.
17) 5) dialog: Okay if I leave a little early tonight? Judy, playing, scans the empty waiting room.
17) 7) dialog: Yeah. Casey Strout’s having some people over.
17) 9) dialog: Yep. Math party.
17) 11) dialog: Oh, by the way, he was really cool at assembly today.
17) 13) dialog: It’s so scary to think what would've happened if he hadn’t been there the other night. Judy nods her agreement.
75) 0) text: PLIP. PLIP. PLIP. Judy watching herself bleed. She could die like this. One drip at a time. Gritting her teeth, pronating her forearm, she manages to painfully scrape th needle from her arm on the side of the gurney. In the aftermath of the military exodus there is an eerie calm filled with SHRIEKS and GROANS, the INSANE RANTINGS the abandoned inmates. With those horrible sounds in her ears Judy scans the classroom. Her fellow townspeople. Varying degrees of madness on display: A middle-aged WOMAN SNICKERING to herself. A teenage BOY BABBLING incoherently. 48. A CATATONIC MAN with the same half dead, half twitching f Bill Farnum had. Others are unconscious, comatose, drooli Judy locks eyes, unexpectedly, with a high school girl strapped down on the other side of the room. Terrified, trembling, but otherwise asymptomatic. BECCA DARLING. Her office helper.
75) 2) dialog: Is this... really happening...? Judy puts on a brave face, doctorly instincts taking over
75) 4) dialog: You don’t really believe that, do you? Becca calls her bluff and suddenly it’s Judy battling emotions. Near tears, she shakes her head no.
75) 6) dialog: We were hiding... we tried to get away... The sentence ends in SOBS. Her parents are dead. Judy tug at her restraints, wants to get over there to help but ca And now they have bigger problems. A terrible sound draws their gazes to the door.
77) 0) text: Judy unstraps Becca. Becca cries in her arms. Judy holds her as she might her own child.
78) 0) text: PREDATORY LUNATICS wander the streets, maimed, bleeding, faces half dead. They attack each other at random, some unleashing the same murderous fury on inanimate objects. predatory types stagger through the night babbling. CRAZE CHILDREN running around like orphans of the apocalypse. David, Judy, Russell and Becca jog along Main Street, pas shattered shopfronts and parked cars that have been BOOTE prevent driving.
80) 6) dialog: (shuddering sobs) I’m... gonna... die... Russell takes off his deputy coat and puts it over Becca warmth. Squats in front of her, sheriff-in-the-making.
81) 0) text: The foursome moves in wary tandem, skirting the perimeter an old farm. A barn. Three silos. Judy walks beside Becca who is cold, shivering, and generally miserable, but mana to strike a lighter note:
81) 1) dialog: Guess this means no prom, huh? Judy half smiles, nods yeah. David's hand flies up, halti the group. He gestures 'stay' then walks on alone a bit farther. Listens. Comes rushing back.
84) 2) dialog: The air? -- it was in the water. 59. Judy gives a grim nod.
85) 0) text: Judy runs in the front door and slows, shocked - THE HOUSE IS DESTROYED. Holes smashed through the walls. Sofas and chairs slashed open. The upright piano decimate David enters and surveys the destruction with Judy as Rus checks the other rooms to make sure there's nobody here. 60. Judy turns and walks out, past Becca who has stopped at t front door out of simple respect. David lingers a moment then follows.
87) 0) text: Judy walks away from the house to clear her head. Becca following, hoping to console. David comes up the steps pa Russell who sits at the top, wiping sweat from his brow w a handkerchief. Russell nods at the smoldering cruiser.
96) 0) text: Judy, Becca and Russell whip around.
98) 0) text: Russell, Judy and Becca running as fast as they can.
99) 5) dialog: Too tight? David shakes his head, it’s fine. Quick thinking by Becca Judy clasps her hand - thanks. This whole time Russell stands over the dead brothers in the b.g. Staring down at them. And then things get WEIRD: He reloads and puts three more bullets in the head of eac brother, slowly, deliberately, savoring each shot. With dawning horror David and Judy watch as he reloads a secon time and continues - BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG! Judy can't watch anymore.
101) 0) text: Arrow-straight to its vanishing point. David, Judy, Becca and Russell come into view. It’s hot and getting hotter. One of those midsummer days where you feel the heat by 10 David stops abruptly.
102) 3) dialog: I feel sick.
102) 5) dialog: Dizzy. Judy takes Becca by the elbow, helping her along. Just th A GUNSHOT splits the silence. David spins, where did that come from? And before the group can orient themselves - ANOTHER GUNSHOT, closer than the first. They dive in the ditch as -
103) 0) text: More walking. More sweat. Judy, helping Becca as before, spots a BINGO HALL set back from the highway on a dirt ro An old COUPE DE VILLE parked in the lot.
104) 0) text: A white peaked-roof bingo hall sits alone on the prairie a church without a steeple. David, Judy and Becca cross t parking lot. A haunting VOICE echoes inside the building, stops them dead in their tracks.
105) 0) text: They enter a carpeted lobby. Framed pictures of happy winners on the wall. And here, a WATER FOUNTAIN. Becca, thirst-crazed, goes straight for it. Steps on the pedal. HISSES and SPUTTERS. No water.
106) 0) text: The doors seen from the other side as they open. David, J and Becca stepping through, warily, to scan the dark hall MAN'S VOICE ON P.A. G-47... Standing in the shadows at the far end, under the big illuminated Bingo flashboard, an OLD MAN IN A SHRINER’S H is reading the numbers off ping pong balls as they fly up chute into his hand from an electric blower-tumbler.
109) 0) text: David drives, scanning the horizon for danger. Judy doing the same from the passenger seat. Russell sits bare-chest in the back seat with Becca. Whispers to her, paranoid:
109) 2) dialog: Twice.
111) 5) dialog: There’s somebody in there.
111) 7) dialog: (pointing) I saw someone. They all stare at the lobby. There’s nobody there.
111) 12) dialog: What’s happening?!
111) 21) dialog: I don’t wanna die like this! 73. A DARK SHAPE zips past Russell’s window. He freaks. Rolls it down and GOES FULLY AUTOMATIC WITH THE M-16, spraying bullets everywhere. David and the others cover their ears the DEAFENING GUNFIRE only adding to the terror.
112) 0) text: Jumps out and runs to Becca who is dangling from the swin arm. David and Russell jump out right behind her, droppin the attackers at close range. BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG!