13) 4) dialog: I give up. They rekey the locks this weekend? Maybe it’s jammed... Farnum tugs on the door, mystified. But no one is more mystified than David and the Principal.
18) 0) text: GIANT WET TONGUES licking something, licking each other i the process. A disturbing image, but only in close-up... DAIRY COWS at a salt lick. Bill Farnum stands in the corral watching, ankle deep in briefcase in hand, blank expression. His wife DEARDRA cal to him from the house porch in the b.g., twelve-year-old NICHOLAS under her arm.
18) 3) dialog: Be in in a sec. Nicholas heads back to the house. Bill Farnum picks his w across the muddy pen to the salt lick. Surrounded by mooi cows, he stares at it -- brick-shaped, pinkish white, dripping with bovine saliva -- then bends and gives it a disgusting lick. 12.
31) 0) text: Bill Farnum climbs the stairs into view. He is holding a KNIFE.
34) 5) dialog: A reckoning. Madness. David staring it in the face.
70) 0) text: TICKING clock. Pot of coffee on the coffeemaker. The door CREAKS open. David, crouched like a thief, hurries to his desk, grabs his spare revolver, some bullets. A shotgun f the gun rack. Shells. Loading up, he catches sight of something horrific. Drops box of shells. On the floor of the holding cell - BILL FARNUM HIDEOUSLY CONTORTED IN DEATH. His back arched high off the floor. Neck tendons, obscenely tight, practically tearing the jaw from his face. David steps back, right onto the BARREL OF A SHOTGUN aime his head.
75) 0) text: PLIP. PLIP. PLIP. Judy watching herself bleed. She could die like this. One drip at a time. Gritting her teeth, pronating her forearm, she manages to painfully scrape th needle from her arm on the side of the gurney. In the aftermath of the military exodus there is an eerie calm filled with SHRIEKS and GROANS, the INSANE RANTINGS the abandoned inmates. With those horrible sounds in her ears Judy scans the classroom. Her fellow townspeople. Varying degrees of madness on display: A middle-aged WOMAN SNICKERING to herself. A teenage BOY BABBLING incoherently. 48. A CATATONIC MAN with the same half dead, half twitching f Bill Farnum had. Others are unconscious, comatose, drooli Judy locks eyes, unexpectedly, with a high school girl strapped down on the other side of the room. Terrified, trembling, but otherwise asymptomatic. BECCA DARLING. Her office helper.