1) 0) text: A baseball game being played under the lights behind the local high school. STUDENTS, FACULTY, TOWNSPEOPLE fill th wooden bleachers. It's the regional playoffs. Everybody i here. The MAYOR, the PASTOR, the FIRE CHIEF, all the VIPs small town has to offer. Even the town sheriff has turned up for the end of the ga He parks his cruiser in the overflow lot and comes down t hill to the diamond, keys jangling on his belt beside a holstered gun he never uses. DAVID DUTTON. Easy-going. Second-generation sheriff. Pillar of the community. Trading a dozen hellos, clapping some old timer on the shoulder, giving the coach a thumbs-up about the score, h comes around the backstop to the little CONCESSIONS TRAIL Sets his hat on the counter. Handsome. Grinning with hometown pride.
1) 1) dialog: They're playin' well, Kev, they're playin' awful damn well. Win this one they could have a shot. (to Vendor's wife in b.g.) Hey Linda. She nods hi. The VENDOR pours him a cup of coffee, on the house.
1) 3) dialog: (smile fades) Fryeburg, yeah. Shit. Well, one at a time, one at a time... David heads off, coffee in hand.
1) 4) dialog: Thanks, Kev. David leans on the sideline fence, sipping his coffee, watching the game. The star pitcher blows a fastball past the batter. David lets out a howl.
1) 6) dialog: Look alive, fellas! Deano, watch the squeeze! No one has yet noticed the DARK FIGURE walking out of the shadowy woods beyond the outfield. Weaving like a drunkar he walks right onto the playing field, oblivious to the g Aman of fifty. Local pig farmer. His name is RORY HAMILL. He is carrying a SHOTGUN. Heads turn, mouths falling open in the bleachers and dugo everybody staring in collective disbelief. It's surreal, guy with a gun just walked past Petey Jenkins in left fie
1) 7) dialog: Rory, what in God -- ? David drops his coffee and jumps the fence, goes out acro the diamond to intercept him, hollering, waving his hands
1) 8) dialog: Rory, whoa, Rory, Rory, whoa, whoa, whoa! Rory Hamill gets as far as the infield before David, cutt in front of him now, keeping ten feet of distance, finall gets his attention.
1) 9) dialog: 
1) 11) dialog: The hell you doing, Rore? Hunh? Got a ball game going on here. We're playing ball, you come out here with a gun? The goddamn hell you doing? Rory casts a glance around the field. A dizzying number o faces out there. All eyes on him. He wobbles a little, catches himself.
1) 12) text: Lay it down, Rory, you're drunk. His gaze floats back to David and it's different than it a moment ago. Harder. Deadly. David is not a man easily spooked, but that look sends a chill right through him.
1) 13) dialog: Lay it down! Rory takes a wavering step forward. David draws his weapo Rory responds in kind, leveling his. People gasp. David retreats a step. Might be the first time in his life he's had a gun pointed at him by someone ready to use it.
1) 14) dialog: Don't do it, Rory! Don't you do it! Rory brings his eye to the sights, draws back on the trig and - BANG! - David shoots first. A single shot, but a deadly one. Rory Hamill collapses midfield. SCREAMS from the bleachers and SOBS in the aftersilence a the whole town registers the strange human tragedy that j played out under the lights behind the high school. A body facedown in the grass behind the pitcher's mound, Sheriff David Dutton standing over it, astonished, holdin his hand the gun he never uses. FADE TO BLACK.
5) 0) text: It's David out here, second-guessing himself. His wife JU sits down quietly beside him, come to lend a sympathetic If he is one pillar of the community, she is the other, a local standout who came back from med school to be the to doctor.
5) 1) dialog: He didn’t give me a choice. Judy shakes her head in reassurance of that fact. Takes h hand for moral support. Looks to the distance, reflecting
5) 3) dialog: You should be sleeping.
6) 0) text: David's cruiser travels through the lonesome countryside.
7) 0) text: Turns in the drive of a rundown farmhouse on the outskirt town. Poorest family in Ogden Marsh. Parking, getting out David meets eyes with two boys feeding pigs behind the ba JAKE and CURT HAMILL. Rory's teenage sons. Tough kids, bu they've both been crying. Before David can say anything t turn coldly away. He goes up the front steps to the house. Takes off his h knocks. The door opens to reveal Rory's widow. PEGGY HAMILL. Awkward is an understatement. David is the last person she expected to see on her doorstep this morning.
7) 1) dialog: Peggy, I... (sudden loss for words) I knew what I was gonna say before I got here... (then) I'm real sorry, Peg. I liked Rory, I liked him a lot. Whatever resentment she might have harbored is defused by David's simple decency. Looking him in the face, she just crumbles. It's heartbreaking.
8) 0) text: A lone street light flashes yellow on Main Street. It wil do that all day. An A & P, a post office, a bank. No frills. No artifice. Like the people that live here. David's cruiser pulls up outside C. R. Finley Funeral Hom which doubles as the town morgue.
9) 0) text: MORTICIAN CHARLES FINLEY and the TOWN PASTOR are discussi funeral arrangements in the dimly-lit foyer. David enters and they go silent, unintentionally.
9) 1) dialog: Pastor, Charlie...
9) 5) dialog: Charlie, whatever the costs are for the funeral, bill comes to me, all right? Finley nods okay. David heads for the back.
10) 0) text: TIP OF A PEN writes: "Aorta ruptured - fatal wound: gunshot..." The MEDICAL EXAMINER, balding, bespectacled, finishing hi autopsy notes. David walks over. A body sheeted in plasti on the autopsy table. Tag on the toe: HAMILL, RORY C.
10) 1) dialog: Just wanted to get his blood- alcohol, put in my report.
10) 3) dialog: Come again?
10) 5) dialog: I heard what you said. Stacy, that's not right, he was drunk. The Examiner shakes his head. Collects his things to go.
10) 7) text: Small, functional. David's lone deputy is fielding phone calls in the common area. DEPUTY RUSSELL. Young. Capable. Built like a linebacker. He'd be sheriff if David weren't around but his loyalty is absolute.
10) 10) dialog: Russ. David goes into his office. Sorts through the mail on his desk. Russell follows, only as far as the doorway, stands there for a moment gauging the climate.
10) 12) dialog: Yeah.
11) 1) dialog: So you all saw something last night I sure wish you hadn't...
12) 0) text: David, before a microphone, addressing the STUDENTS in general assembly. SCHOOL OFFICIALS looking on.
12) 1) dialog: ..-Hard to make sense of it, even for me. Talk to your teachers, talk to me if you want... The SEA OF YOUNG FACES, some visibly upset, some visibly
13) 0) text: Post assembly, David walks down the hall with the PRINCIP Students swarm past back to class. Flirting. Talking on cell phones. Life returning to normal.
13) 2) dialog: Yeah. Dad swore he wouldn't last a month down there. Then he saw the golf courses. They come past a teacher who can’t unlock his classroom d Mid-forties. Shirt and tie. Native Kansan. BILL FARNUM.
13) 7) text: David stands at the fence staring at the empty field, dismayed. TWO PLANES fly past high overhead. Side by side a half mi apart. David glances up, barely taking notice. Sees the coffee c he dropped is still lying there in the grass. Tosses it i the trash can before heading up the hill to his cruiser.
19) 0) text: Crescent moon. David eyeing it from the back porch as he drinks a beer in his unbuttoned sheriff's shirt. Judy enters the kitchen behind him. Weary from the day. Sees him through the door. He holds her gaze for a moment then puts his hand under his shirt and gives it a little flutter, meaning his heart still beats for her. Makes her smile.
20) 1) dialog: Hungry? (she nods) What do you want?
20) 3) dialog: Sit.
20) 5) dialog: Could drive you up to see your parents this weekend, if you want.
20) 7) dialog: Thought maybe the moon was full, I don’t know, definitely some weirdness going around. Medical examiner said he found nothing in Rory’s system. 13.
20) 9) dialog: Meaning, according to the state, the man I shot was sober.
20) 11) dialog: Saw him at lunch and he seemed fine. A mystery. David left with only his instincts. And the memory:
20) 12) dialog: Looked him right in the eye. He was under the influence of something. If it wasn’t alcohol it was something else.
33) 0) text: A RINGING PHONE wakes up David and Judy. They both reach it. His hand gets there first.
33) 1) dialog: Dutton... He sits bolt upright, registering the news.
33) 2) dialog: I'm coming. Jumps out of bed. Judy does the same before she even know why.
33) 3) dialog: Farnums’, the whole place is going up.
34) 0) text: Engulfed. VOLUNTEER FIREMEN hose down the trees, too late save the house or anyone inside. David's cruiser pulls up He and Judy push through the crowd of onlookers to the FI CHIEF.
34) 3) dialog: What happened, Bill? 18. Farnum doesn't respond. David squats in front of him, getting in his eyeline.
34) 4) dialog: Bill, what happened here tonight? Farnum meets his gaze, glassy-eyed, remorseless.
36) 0) text: Next morning, Russell is outside trying to placate some L REPORTERS as David talks on the phone.
36) 1) dialog: Was hoping to transfer him, we’re not really equipped for this sort of thing. Okay, two o'clock. Hangs up. A haunted pause. The last forty-eight hours betraying everything he knows. He turns his gaze to Bill Farnum who sits in a stupor in a holding cell at the back the station. Russell enters.
36) 3) dialog: Looked at me last night like he coulda slit my throat and barely known the difference. (turns to Russell) Same look Rory gave me. Same goddamn look. Walks out to talk to the press. 19.
37) 0) text: Plumes of smoke rise from the ashes. A scorched brick chimney stands like a monument to the dead. David picks u charred photo. The Farnum family. He drops it, surveys th scene with dismay. A faint DRONING HUM draws his gaze skyward. Those SAME TW PLANES flying over. Side by side a half mile apart. But lower this time. David's eyes narrow with suspicion.
37) 1) dialog: What're you lookin' for? And as the search planes dip below the far treeline...
39) 0) text: A bodybag zipper opens to reveal the pilot's ROTTING CORP David catches a glimpse and turns away, he's seen enough. Russell gags at the stench. Even Finley, mortician of twe years, looks a little grossed out.
39) 2) dialog: (exits; needing air) Yeah, do that. 20.
40) 0) text: David and Russell cough the stench from their lungs as th cross the parking lot. Then:
40) 1) dialog: Got us a pilot, where's the plane? Russell, as they reach the cruiser, recollects:
40) 3) dialog: I know he's a lyin' bastard.
41) 0) text: David, Russell and TRAVIS KING, a human rodent, motoring across the bog in a flat-bottomed aluminum boat.
41) 5) dialog: Travis.
41) 7) dialog: Say that again you'll be the second person I shot this week. 21. Travis takes him at his word. David notices something up ahead. Turns the boat toward it for a better look.
41) 9) dialog: Something came real close to taking a bath. David kills the outboard and they drift in closer. A stra toxic sheen to the water in this area. Russell reaches tw fingers down for a sample. David yanks Russell's hand bac
41) 10) dialog: Know what that is?
41) 12) dialog: Then don't touch it. David bends for a closer look. The spill has that chemica rainbow quality of gasoline. Jettisoned fuel perhaps. He scoops some into a Mason jar. Pauses as he screws on the lid.
41) 13) dialog: It was a big plane.
41) 15) dialog: ‘Cause we're right on top of it. Off Russell's look, we rise up above them, to the height the treetops, and see what David sees - THE MURKY CONTOUR OF A MILITARY TRANSPORT PLANE submerged the water where it crashed, the boat floating directly ab
42) 0) text: David talks on a cell phone while he and Russell unhook t boat trailer outside the corrugated-steel equipment shed. 22.
42) 1) dialog: (into phone) Say, you folks missing a plane? (brow furrows) No? Well somebody oughta tell that to the pilot in our morgue. Military, yes, ma'am. Dutton. D-U- T-T-O-N. Yep, I'll be here. He pockets the phone. Stews.
42) 2) dialog: Plane that size goes down and there's nothing in the paper, nothing on the news? Make any sense to you? Russell shrugs, unlocking the shed.
42) 4) dialog: Hopman Bog, what's that drain into?
42) 6) dialog: Which drains into...?
42) 8) dialog: (turns) Black Pond? Is that right?
42) 10) dialog: Russ, where the hell you think we get our water from? 23.
43) 0) text: TOPOGRAPHICAL MAP of the county on the wall. The Ogden Ma watershed shaded in blue. David barges in, asking his question on the fly. The TOWN PLANNER is eating lunch.
43) 1) dialog: Which way's the water flow through town?
43) 3) dialog: Drinking. Town Planner unfolds a chart. A SCHEMATIC DIAGRAM OF THE TOWN'S WATER SYSTEM, his finger tracing the main pipeline
43) 5) dialog: Whose house does it get to first?
44) 0) text: With discreet alarm David shows Judy the water system schematic at the reception desk. Points to the second mos outlying farm.
44) 1) dialog: Next house is Bill Farnum's. I mean, am I talking nonsense here or is it possible they reacted to something they drank, something in the water? 24.
44) 3) dialog: Farnum's are a mile out, might not have made it this far yet. Tell everybody don't drink it. He runs out. Judy - the schematic in CLOSEUP - runs her finger from 'FARNUM DAIRY' across town to the pipeline's five miles from Black Pond, a plot labelled 'DUTTON FARM' She contemplates that distance, their safety buffer, then raises her gaze to the WAITING ROOM. It’s half full. There is a WOMAN sitting head slumped forward in the corner chair. Judy walks over, look of concern. Lifts the woman’s chin. The widow, Peggy Hamill, unconscious.
44) 8) dialog: I'm shutting it down, Tom.
45) 0) text: A MUNICIPAL WORKER muscles the wheelcrank on a high-press pipe valve, shutting off the town's water. Done, he looks at David from the hole he's in.
46) 0) text: David, driving back into town, lost in thought, RADIO PLAYING.
47) 0) text: Gets out and comes around the cruiser. Surveys the field. Nothing there. Nothing but prairie. David stares across i haunted, the radio in the cruiser HISSING STATIC.
48) 0) text: David enters, dazed. 26.
48) 1) dialog: Either I'm losin' it completely or I just saw a guy in a spacesuit out by Hadley Road. Russell gestures over to his shoulder to the holding cell
48) 3) dialog: Did we or did we not request a transfer to Wichita this morning? Rhetorical question. He picks up the phone. Starts to dia Toggles the receiver. Line's dead.
48) 4) dialog: Yup. Russell tosses him a cell phone. David hits the first two digits then sees the viewscreen - "SEARCHING FOR SIGNAL.. tosses it back.
48) 5) dialog: Even better. Russell frowns and steps outside, trying to get a connect David tries the tv. WHITE NOISE. Turns it off. Clicks the computer mouse. CANNOT FIND SERVER. Tries the police scanner. STATIC. Switches it off, smiling at the improbability.
49) 0) text: Russell meantime can't get a signal. David steps out besi him, surveys the town from the top of the steps. His face black with foreboding.
49) 1) dialog: You know what...
49) 3) dialog: We're in trouble.
50) 0) text: SCREECH. David's cruiser brakes to a halt at town center. He gets out. Scans Main Street. An ominous calm. The SQUEAKING of a bicycle chain turns his head. A MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN pedaling toward him on a girl's pink- tasseled banana-seat bike, singing in eerie falsetto, an hymnal.
50) 4) dialog: What'd you hear?
50) 6) dialog: Lizzie, run down the station, tell Russell what you just told me, tell him I need him asap. She takes off running as David heads up the street to the funeral home, unholstering his weapon for the second time three days.
51) 0) text: Closed for business. David tries the front door. Locked. He goes around the back.
52) 0) text: Where the bodies are brought in. David enters, nervous, g drawn. He stops and faces -
52) 2) dialog: Charlie? No reply. David comes slowly along, white-knuckled grip o his gun. The hall is lined on both sides with closed door David comes to a door, turns the knob, opens it to reveal
52) 8) dialog: Charlie? No reply. But there’s definitely a man in black shoes standing there. David steps closer. Takes hold of the curtain. Whisks it open to reveal -
52) 11) dialog: Charlie, if that's you, say something! No reply. Gun in hand, he steps closer to the bodies. Pee back the covers one by one: 30. RORY HAMILL'S CHALK WHITE CORPSE. THE DECOMPOSING PILOT. DEARDRA FARNUM'S CHARRED CORPSE. HER SON'S. David stares at the LAST COVERED BODY. We can see the outline of a face. The sheet expands and contracts at the nostrils. Slightly. As if from breath.
52) 12) dialog: Charlie? No answer. Gun levelled, David takes the edge of the shee whisks it back to find -
52) 14) dialog: Jim - ?! The Pastor goes into violent CONVULSIONS. David grabs a p of surgical scissors from a tray and, pinning the writhin body with one hand, cuts the sutures sealing the mouth. The Pastor's lips come apart like a deep fleshy wound, hi convulsions subsiding only because death is imminent. In last tortured breath:
53) 0) text: Emergency town meeting. Worried TOWNSFOLK abound. David a Judy trying to manage everyone's fear and anger.
53) 2) dialog: The A & P has plenty of bottled. Bruce’s agreed to sell it at cost till we work out another source. Thanks again, Bruce. The A & P Manager nods.
53) 4) dialog: I know, Nathan. Russell’s on his way to Wichita right now, see if we can get some answers.
53) 7) dialog: (shock and disgust) What - ?
59) 0) text: Meanwhile David and Judy. Tense words in the kitchen.
59) 1) dialog: Maybe you should go stay with your parents for a while.
59) 3) dialog: Look, this isn't --
59) 5) dialog: What? What was it?
60) 0) text: David stands at the edge of the property, eyeing the back field. It's eerily still.
60) 1) dialog: Somebody there?! 34. Silence. Turning, he sees the light is on inside the
60) 4) dialog: He crosses the yard at a sprint, kicks open the screen do
61) 0) text: And sees THREE SOLDIERS IN BIOHAZARD SUITS forcibly escor Judy to the front door. David lunges into the fray, gun outstretched.
61) 1) dialog: What the fu--?! Get off her!! His heroics are short-lived. Grabbed, spun, put ina chokehold, he is disarmed and dragged out the door by the suited intruders. It's over in two seconds flat - chillin the ease with which he is subdued.
62) 0) text: They wrestle Judy aboard an idling SCHOOL BUS. David behi her, still resisting, choked blue in the face.
63) 0) text: Hurtling along under armed guard, David and Judy see shoc images out the windows. FAMILIES BEING PULLED FROM EVERY HOUSE IN SIGHT. The entire town being corralled onto buse like pigs off to slaughter.
64) 2) dialog: What did we get exposed to?! What was it?! The examiner walks past without reply. Judy meanwhile appraises the medical teams, the work being done.
64) 4) dialog: So they round us up with assault rifles, what's that?
64) 6) dialog: In plainspeak. 36.
64) 9) dialog: Hey Tom, how's Kentucky?
64) 11) dialog: Wow, sounds like your civil rights might have been violated, you should look into that. Hobbs frowns at the sarcasm, taking in the angry stares.
64) 13) dialog: You ran. Town needed a leader.
64) 15) dialog: It's not our town anymore. David steps to the fence, watches the guards prowling the perimeter. Otherworldly riflemen with biohazard hoods and leashed dogs. His gaze finds the old scoreboard behind th backstop. Lingers on it. Something poignant about it ther behind the barbed wire.
64) 21) dialog: Same ones who don’t know anything about a dead pilot and aren't missing a plane. David surveys the crowd, sensing beneath the fear and bewilderment a growing rage. It’s palpable, a chemical sh in their psychology.
64) 23) dialog: I need to talk to somebody right now! Hey, do you hear me?! The examiner jams a thermometer in David’s ear. Pushes th button. BEEP. Moves on to Judy, who is preoccupied with patient care.
64) 26) dialog: Get away from her! She’s not sick, she’s pregnant! They grab her. David fights, but is hopelessly outnumbere Russell tries to help and is quickly subdued. They drag J away screaming.
64) 28) dialog: 
64) 29) dialog: 
64) 31) dialog: Judy... And then, mercifully, he blacks out.
66) 0) text: David awakens in darkness. Lifts his head, disoriented. He’s lying in what appears to be a livestock trailer. Judy. The thought sends him scrambling to the back door. rams it with his shoulder. Pounds it with his fists. Kick it with his boot. His fists again. And as he continues th futile effort to force it open - A DARK FIGURE emerges from the shadows behind him. Creepi closer. Aman. Sinister face catching the light. David, still hammering the door, doesn't see him coming. The figure stops right behind David and we see the grim visage was a trick of the shadows. It's his friend, the concessions vendor from the ball game. KEVIN MILLER.
66) 2) dialog: Kevin! I gotta get outta here! Continues his furious pounding.
66) 4) dialog: 
66) 5) dialog: (spins again)
66) 8) dialog: They took Judy.
66) 11) dialog: What do you want me to do, Ed?
66) 16) dialog: Anybody heard what it is yet? What they spilled? Nobody has. 41.
67) 0) text: David and the others step warily from the truck, take in their surroundings. A TRUCKSTOP being used as an operatio staging area. Military trucks refueling. 42. Transport helicopters coming and going from the adjoining field. Supplies and troops being shuttled to and fro. In the fenced-in parking lot where the livestock truck is few HUNDRED SURVIVORS await evacuation, getting treatment first aid tents. A SITE COORDINATOR stands on a military flatbed megaphoning instructions to a LINE OF SURVIVORS b processed for transport:
67) 5) dialog: What?
67) 7) dialog: Let ‘em have it.
67) 9) dialog: Judy's a fool's errand?
67) 11) dialog: Tell you what, Kev. You don't ask me why I can't leave without my wife and I won't ask you why you can. A bit harsh but right on the money. Kevin Miller is left nurse his guilty conscience as David takes off. We run with him down the narrow passage between two big r Quick stop. TWO ARMED GUARDS on patrol. David ducks under the trailers, hiding until they’re gone. Moves on. Squeezing through some temporary fencing, he jumps in the back of a SUPPLY TRUCK headed back into town.
69) 0) text: Sitting among stacks of BOXES, David watches the moonlit prairie go by. Like a practical joke, an old ROAD SIGN go past: "Welcome to Marsh County. Friendliest Place on Earth." David looks at the boxes, curious what’s inside. He opens one. Wishes he hadn't. BODY BAGS.
70) 0) text: TICKING clock. Pot of coffee on the coffeemaker. The door CREAKS open. David, crouched like a thief, hurries to his desk, grabs his spare revolver, some bullets. A shotgun f the gun rack. Shells. Loading up, he catches sight of something horrific. Drops box of shells. On the floor of the holding cell - BILL FARNUM HIDEOUSLY CONTORTED IN DEATH. His back arched high off the floor. Neck tendons, obscenely tight, practically tearing the jaw from his face. David steps back, right onto the BARREL OF A SHOTGUN aime his head.
70) 3) dialog: Stop surprising me like that. Manly embrace. David goes to look at Farnum again. Russel obstructs.
70) 5) dialog: They let you guys out?
70) 8) dialog: I’m going to get her. Russell doublepumps the shotgun, the stress of the situat bringing out his redneck roots.
74) 0) text: David and Russell, avoiding the main streets, cut through series of backyards in a dark residential neighborhood. T night reverberates with DISTANT POPS of gunfire. They hop fence and David grabs Russell, pulls him sharply back.
74) 6) dialog: You don't know that.
74) 8) dialog: Russ, we got enough problems without you inventing ‘em.
74) 10) dialog: Who's the sheriff?
74) 12) dialog: Who's the sheriff of Marsh County?
74) 14) dialog: I am. Who's the deputy?
74) 16) dialog: You are. Deputy does what the sheriff tells him, that's the balance of power. Now I'm telling you you're not getting sick, understand? Russell nods, appreciating the sentiment.
74) 18) dialog: That’s the school! They’re bailing! Come on!
76) 4) dialog: You okay?
76) 6) dialog: Where are you going?!
78) 0) text: PREDATORY LUNATICS wander the streets, maimed, bleeding, faces half dead. They attack each other at random, some unleashing the same murderous fury on inanimate objects. predatory types stagger through the night babbling. CRAZE CHILDREN running around like orphans of the apocalypse. David, Judy, Russell and Becca jog along Main Street, pas shattered shopfronts and parked cars that have been BOOTE prevent driving.
78) 3) dialog: You can’t help her. And we see the baby in the young mother’s arms is not a b A PLASTIC DOLL.
79) 1) dialog: That truckstop where fifty hits the county line, they're taking people out of there, putting them on buses.
79) 3) dialog: Wichita maybe, wherever, some safe zone.
79) 5) dialog: My cruiser's back at the house.
79) 7) dialog: I'm thinking the power line road. It's crap, but we can drive it.
79) 9) dialog: Exactly. 52. Judy falls behind, stops in the middle of the field. The others look back at her, then to David - what’s going on? walks back to her. She stands, arms folded, trying to hid her fear.
79) 11) dialog: You’re not sick.
79) 13) dialog: If you're sick, I’m sick -- we drank from the same tap -- and I’m not sick. Not yet anyway. So let's keep walking. They head back to the others, Judy with lingering relucta the issue not entirely settled in her mind.
80) 0) text: Wide, flat, glimmering with the same toxic sheen as the b David and the others step carefully from stone to stone.
80) 2) dialog: It’s not human nature’s doing this, it’s a chemical.
80) 4) dialog: Shit! Get her out of there! 53. They pull her out and tend to her on the opposite bank. Becca sits sobbing in the aftermath, scared to death, soa from head to toe.
81) 2) dialog: Down down down! They all hit the ground. Hearts pounding. Listening. Davi and Russell draw their guns. David indicates the hillcres And now the enemy comes into view, moonshadowed and letha A PLATOON OF BIOSUITED SOLDIERS wading through the tall g in infrared goggles. One of them is carrying a FLAMETHROW
81) 4) dialog: In there. THREE SILOS behind them. They crawl through the grass. 54.
82) 0) text: Close the hatch and watch through RUST HOLES as the soldi storm the farmhouse. We hear a SHRIEK inside the house and moments later the soldiers emerge, dragging a CRYING WOMAN off the porch in the front yard. They stand her up. Somebody jams a digita thermometer in her ear. BEEP-BEEP-BEEP. BANG! They shoot her. Point blank. A battlefield execution. The guy with the FLAMETHROWER steps up and torches the body. David's anger overwhelms his judgement. He reaches for th hatch. Russell grabs his arm - no, chief. Flushed with rage, David tries to pull away, but Russell holds strong. And David's good senses returns. He backs down. But they’ doomed anyway. A SOLDIER IS HEADED OVER TO CHECK THE SILOS. He checks the first then the second, working his way towa the last one, the one they're hiding in. Panic sweeps the group. David searches for some miracle escape. Up. Down. Left. Right. There is nothing. The only exit is
82) 2) dialog: (softly) Shut her up! Judy clamps her hand over Becca’s mouth as THE HATCH DOOR CREAKS OPEN. The MUZZLE OF AN M-16 enters first. Then the soldier’s GASMASKED FACE. To the right he sees nothing, to the left RUSSELL who smacks him in the head with his rifle butt, knocking him down. David and Russell drag the semi-consci soldier into the silo and close the hatch.
82) 3) dialog: Pray they don't do a headcount. 55. They wait on pins and needles to see if the missing soldi will be noticed. The platoon regroups in front of the hou and MOVES ON WITHOUT HIM. Gasps of relief. Judy uncovers Becca’s mouth. Becca doubl over crying. Russell yanks off the soldier's helmet, read to crush his skull with the rifle butt. But the face behi the mask is not the face of an enemy... AN EIGHTEEN-YEAR-OLD BOY. Scared as hell. Far from home.
82) 4) dialog: Aw Jesus...
82) 6) dialog: What's your name?
82) 9) dialog: From who?!
82) 13) dialog: Billy, I want you to tell me what exactly the fuck is going on down here.
82) 20) dialog: Nobody's said anything about what it was they spilled?
82) 22) dialog: How'd it go?
82) 26) dialog: How? The truckstop?
82) 28) text: Testing the waters, he starts to stand up. Russell levels his gun. David nods
82) 30) dialog: Cool it, Russ.
82) 32) dialog: We're not staying here. ‘go ahead' to the boy. He stands up.
82) 34) dialog: Yeah, we're gonna hold onto those, Billy. Billy nods okay. Steps to the hatch. Pauses there.
83) 2) dialog: (indicates) That’s why. THE BURNING CORPSE. They just stare, the firelight playin across their haunted faces.
83) 3) dialog: Let’s get to the house. They set off and we see the farmhouse from a distance. Al on the prairie. A plume of smoke rising up ghostly pale i the moonlight.
84) 0) text: They come up through the back acres. David with the M-16 his shoulder. Judy offering a grave assessment.
84) 5) dialog: I told you why.
84) 9) dialog: Judy, wait!
85) 0) text: Judy runs in the front door and slows, shocked - THE HOUSE IS DESTROYED. Holes smashed through the walls. Sofas and chairs slashed open. The upright piano decimate David enters and surveys the destruction with Judy as Rus checks the other rooms to make sure there's nobody here. 60. Judy turns and walks out, past Becca who has stopped at t front door out of simple respect. David lingers a moment then follows.
86) 0) text: Judy at the clothesline taking down the laundry. David wa over.
86) 1) dialog: What are you doing? (no reply) Stop. He catches her hands. Judy breaks down, dropping clothes. David holds her beside the fluttering white sheets.
86) 2) dialog: (re: house) None of this matters. You know that.
87) 0) text: Judy walks away from the house to clear her head. Becca following, hoping to console. David comes up the steps pa Russell who sits at the top, wiping sweat from his brow w a handkerchief. Russell nods at the smoldering cruiser.
87) 2) dialog: (nods ) We'll have to take our chances on the highway. Power lines will take too long. 61. Tosses Russell the M-16.
87) 3) dialog: Stay with them, I'll be right back. Russell nods and goes off across the lawn to catch the gi
88) 0) text: Overturned appliances. Food spilled on the floor. David grabs some BOTTLED WATER and tosses it in a dufflebag.
90) 0) text: Cresting the stairs, David comes down the hall to the -
92) 0) text: David steps into the hall. Tense breath and then he start down it. Very slowly. Trying not to make a sound. Sensitive to the slightest CREAKS of the floorboards. 62. Halfway to the stairs he STOPS ABRUPTLY, thinking he hear something. Listens. Nothing. The house is eerily still. Silent except for the curtains billowing in the broken windows. He continues on. Heel to toe. Heart pounding. Each closed door a potential hiding place. Ten feet in front of him o the left, that door looks particularly suspicious.
92) 1) text: open a crack. David’s eyes are riveted to it as he approaches, convinced it will fly open any second. But th attack comes from an open door to his right, from the hal painted nursery. As he passes - A GARBAGE BAG IS YANKED OVER HIS HEAD and he is hit - WHA flat across the chest with a pipe. The blow sends him flying backwards. Bag on his head, Dav is kicked in the gut and dragged into the master bedroom his feet, the plastic sucking back into his mouth as he g for air.
94) 0) text: Staggering to his feet, David claws at the plastic bag covering his face, ripping it away to finally see his attackers.
95) 0) text: CRASH! - David flies through and tumbles off the porch ro onto the lawn below.
96) 2) dialog: They run for the house, but they're too far away to help.
97) 0) text: David tries to crawl away, but there's no escape. The Ham boys emerge from the house, closing in for the kill.
98) 2) dialog: They can't reach him before the Hamill boys do. Knowing this, Russell drops to one knee with his revolver and fir TWO QUICK SHOTS from the neighbor's yard - POP! POP! 64. Dead-centers a round in each of the Hamill boys' chests. slows them but doesn’t stop them completely. Instantly up and running again, Russell puts another two rounds in eac brother on the move - POP-POP! POP-POP! - dropping them i their tracks five feet from David.
99) 0) text: Judy runs to David's side, near hysterics. Badly shaken himself, he puts his arm around her. Blood courses down h cheek from his hand.
99) 9) dialog: Yeah. How ‘bout you? Russell catches David’s look and his meaning. Casts a gla at the bodies.
100) 0) text: House in the b.g., the group heads down the road. David a Judy share a private word about Russell who walks just ah the M-16 on his shoulder.
100) 2) dialog: You don’t know that.
100) 4) dialog: He saved my life, that’s what I saw. End of discussion. David lengthens his stride to catch up with Russell.
101) 0) text: Arrow-straight to its vanishing point. David, Judy, Becca and Russell come into view. It’s hot and getting hotter. One of those midsummer days where you feel the heat by 10 David stops abruptly.
101) 1) dialog: Goddammit. He turns and looks back the way they came, cursing under breath.
101) 2) dialog: I left the water at the house. 66.
101) 4) dialog: Fifteen miles.
102) 0) text: Through SHIMMERING HEAT WAVES we see the highway. The foursome in the distance like a mirage. Then in CLOSEUP. Damp shirts. Faces beaded with sweat. Russell takes off his shirt and walks on bare chested. Strong. Sinewy. Humming some 70’s rock song to himself. David watches him, trying to gauge his sanity. Deflects Judy's look of concern with:
102) 1) dialog: I’d worry about her. Indicates Becca, who has fallen behind. Judy goes back, checks on her.
103) 3) dialog: Hey Russ. Russell doesn’t hear him, keeps walking.
103) 4) dialog: Russell! Russell never turns, never slows. David watches, worried.
103) 6) dialog: (has no idea) Let’s get the car.
104) 0) text: A white peaked-roof bingo hall sits alone on the prairie a church without a steeple. David, Judy and Becca cross t parking lot. A haunting VOICE echoes inside the building, stops them dead in their tracks.
104) 3) text: David and Judy trade looks. He cocks his handgun and they continue toward the building.
105) 1) dialog: Can't drink it anyway. Becca releases the pedal. And now that haunting voice com over the PA system:
106) 0) text: The doors seen from the other side as they open. David, J and Becca stepping through, warily, to scan the dark hall MAN'S VOICE ON P.A. G-47... Standing in the shadows at the far end, under the big illuminated Bingo flashboard, an OLD MAN IN A SHRINER’S H is reading the numbers off ping pong balls as they fly up chute into his hand from an electric blower-tumbler.
106) 1) dialog: (calls to him) That your car out front? No reply, no acknowledgement whatsoever from the old shri He reads another ball.
106) 3) dialog: Hey, is that your car out there?
106) 5) dialog: Can we borrow the keys? They stop ten feet away. The old shriner holds out his ha palm downturned, as if to offer David something. A beat t - FSSHHTUNK - a ping pong ball flies up into it.
106) 11) dialog: Shit, get back! The massive corpse goes CRASHING to the floor, the BELLY SPLITTING OPEN on one side unleashing a torrent of blood innards and liquefied fat. Judy stands in that mess, repulsed. Holds up her hand. 70. CAR KEYS.
107) 2) dialog: Russ, I called to ya, you kept walking. We were gonna pick you up down the road. Russell says nothing, dubious. David puts the keys in the ignition. Says a little prayer and gives it a try. The engine turns over twice and STARTS.
109) 0) text: David drives, scanning the horizon for danger. Judy doing the same from the passenger seat. Russell sits bare-chest in the back seat with Becca. Whispers to her, paranoid:
109) 7) text: Oh shit. They’re sitting ducks out here. David punches th gas, spins the tires - SCREEEECH!! A burst of acceleratio followed by a sudden stop as he pulls the car off the roa
111) 0) text: David kills the engine, everybody pitching their ears to fast-approaching ROAR overheard -— VROOOM! - the Apache comes screaming down the highway. Follows the road to its vanishing point. Gone. But the threat remains.
111) 2) dialog: (forced patience) What would you recommend, dear?
111) 4) dialog: We're five miles the other way now. Becca, in the back, looks out the window and GASPS. A HIDEOUS HALF-DEAD FACE watching them from the car wash lo
111) 6) dialog: What? Where?
111) 13) dialog: Somebody turned it on! An overhead spray nozzle sprays its residual water and th SPUTTERING DRY, pukes PINK LIQUID SOAP all over the windshield, blinding them.
111) 16) dialog: Goddammit!
111) 22) dialog: 
111) 25) dialog: EVERYTHING’S FUCKING MOVING!! A momentary calm as the BRUSHES RETRACT. And then - WHAM! - The SWAYING CHAMOIS DRYERS hit the windshield, ma everybody jump. David fires a reflexive shot through the windshield, then steadies himself. The LONG TENTACLES OF FABRIC engulf the car, shimmying ac the windows like living creatures. It’s creepy. God knows what they conceal. David tries the gas again - WHIRRRRRRRR. We hear the tires spinning. David keeps them going, inching the car forward by that small coefficient friction.
111) 26) dialog: Come on, come on, come on... Suddenly, as they clear the tentacles -
111) 29) dialog: CRASH! The windshield shatters. The car roof caves in as THIRD LUNATIC jumps on top and trampolines. And now the first lunatic is back at the window, a human pit bull, Da barely holding him off by the throat as he starts the eng with his other hand. The first lunatic lashes out, loops a RINSE HOSE around David's neck. A noose. The lunatic on the roof yanks it taut using the overhead swing arm as a winch to pry David of the car. Choking, head jammed against the ceiling, David throws th car into the reverse, creating slack in the hose. Judy frantically unwinds it from his neck. Freed, David goes f throttle. The WHIRRRRRRR of the spinning tires becomes a piercing SCREEEEEEECH as they catch the asphalt at the en the tracks. But at the last second, one of the lunatics loops the hos around BECCA’S NECK As the car peels out, the hose snaps taut and YANKS HER
112) 0) text: Jumps out and runs to Becca who is dangling from the swin arm. David and Russell jump out right behind her, droppin the attackers at close range. BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG!
113) 2) dialog: And you know why.
113) 4) dialog: I'm feeling persuasive. Up ahead is a FAMILY STATION WAGON stopped by a spike str David checks the ignition as they walk up. KEYS. He reaches in, tries to start the engine.
113) 6) dialog: It'll drive on the rims. The engine turns over, won't start. He pops the hood. All the SPARK PLUG CABLES HAVE BEEN CUT.
113) 7) dialog: Bastards. 76. Slams the hood down. Moment of despair. David looks weari down the highway. Hears something behind them. A CAR APPROACHING. There in the distance, coming fast.
113) 8) dialog: Move! They all take cover behind the station wagon. Here it com racing down the highway...
113) 11) dialog: Did you just block out the last seventy-two hours of your life? They're not even gonna stop.
114) 2) dialog: Russ! Russ! Let me talk to him! 77. Russell mulls it over, gun on the guy’s head. Backs off.
114) 3) dialog: (to Intelligence Officer) What did you people spill? The Intelligence Officer spits blood, looks up at David, dazed, angry.
114) 5) dialog: The guy standing between you and a bullet. The Intelligence Officer spits more blood then shifts painfully into a seated position. Pulls off the shattered gasmask. Tosses it aside.
114) 6) dialog: What were we exposed to? After a moment, with a sigh of resignation:
114) 10) dialog: What’s he talking about?
114) 12) dialog: Whoa, whoa, whoa, wait a minute, you guys engineered this crap?! You got any idea what it does to people?!
114) 15) dialog: How about ‘sorry for destroying your whole goddamn town’?!
114) 21) dialog: You guys are gonna let us die here for one-in-a-million odds?
114) 24) dialog: Nooo!!! 79. Judy is SCREAMING. Falls down as she staggers backwards. Has never seen someone shot at close range. David grabs Russell two-fisted by the shirt and walks him backwards i the field, yelling in his face.
114) 25) dialog: 
115) 0) text: David and Judy walk the sun-scorched highway, eyes traine Russell who walks fifty paces in front, a man to fear.
115) 1) dialog: I‘ll get the guns from him.
115) 3) dialog: He's a good kid, but I'll kill him if I have to. Russell starts to jog. David and Judy match his stride, maintaining that fifty-pace separation.
116) 0) text: Abandoned filling station. Russell crosses the lot and go inside. David and Judy arrive moments later and follow hi Tense. Moment of truth. 80.
117) 0) text: David and Judy enter. On the far wall is a cooler filled with BOTTLED WATER. Russell tosses them both a bottle.
117) 1) dialog: Thanks. Russell exits without a word. Steps outside and pours an entire bottle over his head. Opens a second bottle and si down drinking it on the concrete median by the pumps. David and Judy guzzle, the excess water running down thei necks. Both watching Russell through the window as he SCA THE CHANNELS on the military radio. STATIC. He puts the radio down and heads for the men’s room. David sees Russell’s mistake. The radio, and HIS GUNS, sitting by the pumps.
119) 0) text: Russell exits. Sees his guns are gone. Flushing with rage he crosses to David, who has them.
119) 2) dialog: I'll carry 'em for a while. You've been carrying 'em the whole time.
119) 4) dialog: I got ‘em. 81.
119) 6) dialog: Yeah. Russell nods, nods again, then draws from behind his back SPARE HANDGUN. David is hopelessly outdrawn. Judy white with terror.
119) 16) dialog: (to Judy while looking at Russell) Stop talking. Let him think about what he's doing. Russell stares David in the face. Finger on the trigger. Taps him bluntly on the chest with the barrel.
120) 3) dialog: No. Give him a target he'll hit it. Let me think a minute. They walk on, weighing their options. And David realizes. They have none.
120) 4) dialog: (turns) Fuck it, I'm gonna confront him.
120) 6) dialog: We don't get to that truck stop we're dead anyway. He walks back toward Russell. Russell raises the M-16.
120) 8) dialog: I want to talk to you.
120) 11) dialog: Just wanna talk. 83.
120) 14) dialog: Put the gun down. Russell tightens on the trigger.
120) 17) dialog: 
120) 18) dialog: Put it down.
120) 21) dialog: I just want to talk to you. David walks right up to him. The M-16 pointed at his thro Russell staring down the barrel.
120) 22) dialog: Can we talk? Man to man? A long tense moment then Russell lowers his weapon.
120) 23) dialog: Okay. Here's the deal -- David PUNCHES HIM square in the face, lays him out flat. Russell, dazed, offers no resistance as David quietly dis him, just stares at the sky like he's daydreaming:
120) 25) dialog: (disarming him) Yeah.
120) 27) dialog: (disarming him) Ten fifteen pounds. 84. Faint smile from Russell.
121) 0) text: They're jogging again. Russell struggling to keep up. Jud drinks from a water bottle, passes it to David. He finish it, tosses it. And before the bottle hits the ground - he grabs her and pull her into the tall grass. They peer through it. Both crouching. TWO MILITARY TRUCKS butted together form a CHECKPOINT two hundred yards down the road. SIX HEAVILY ARMED SOLDIERS I BIOSUITS. No way past. Russell arrives beside them, huffing. Sizes up the checkpoint. Indicates a route through the adjoining field
121) 2) dialog: They'll see us.
122) 0) text: A road sign. Quik Phil's Truckstop 1/2 MILE. David and Ju lengthen their strides.
122) 1) dialog: Come on. We're there.
123) 0) text: David and Judy slow as they reach the parking lot, anticipation turning to dread. THE TRUCKSTOP IS ABANDONED. A ghost town. They kick aside the temporary fencing and w across the empty parking lot. It's strewn with litter lik state fairground at the end of the season.
123) 1) dialog: It was Grand Central last night. 86.
123) 3) dialog: In what...? The EVACUATION BUSES are parked in the same spot as befor And booted, like the cars in town, to prevent driving. It eerily quiet. Which makes the one sound they do hear all more ominous. A STEADY HUM from the far side of the parking lot where T REFRIGERATED BIG RIG TRAILERS ARE LINED UP. David and Judy exchange a grim look.
124) 0) text: Seventy-footers. Back doors padlocked. Refrigeration unit HUMMING. David breaks open a padlock using the shotgun as pry arm. Swings open the door...
124) 4) dialog: Nobody leaves. He flings them across the parking lot in disgust. We hear the shells CLINKING and PINGING over an image of the dang dead arms.
125) 0) text: A trash can SHATTERS the glass door. David and Judy step through and survey the deserted truckstop. Slot machines glimmer multi-colored in the darkness.
126) 0) text: David and Judy lean over a KANSAS MAP in the empty restaurant. The soft HISS of static on the military radio 87.
126) 1) dialog: We don't get outta here nobody's ever gonna know what happened.
126) 3) dialog: Whatever they want. (indicates map) All these roads are gonna be blocked.
127) 1) dialog: Thirty miles to Wichita. On foot, avoiding main roads, we’ll average maybe three four miles an hour. That gets us there by daybreak. A NOISE stops them. Came from just around the corner. The is it again. The sound of a COIN TUMBLING THROUGH A PAY PHONE, being t from the return slot and reinserted at the top where it tumbles down again and again and again. David motions for Judy to remain silent and perfectly sti Tiptoes to the corner. Peers around it. Sitting in one of those private pay phone stalls with his back to us is a beast of a man, a giant Oklahoma TRUCK DR in a blood-stained tanktop. The blood is his own, seeping from a gunshot he took in the chest and didn’t die from. David ducks back around the corner. Holy shit. He turns back to Judy, motioning for her to head back the opposite direction. But just then we hear -
127) 10) dialog: I don’t know. We gotta move. They crawl across the carpet toward the far side of the restaurant. The two hunters drag the dead truckdriver out by his ankl and heave his body up onto the pile. The third hunter LAY ON THE HORN in celebration of the kill. David and Judy crawl behind the counter, through a swingi door into the - INT. KITCHEN, QUIK PHIL’S RESTAURANT - NIGHT They pause just inside, breathless with fear. David, steadying the swinging door with his fingertips, trying t think what to do next. 89.
127) 12) dialog: Truck’s still there. The driver's seat is empty. No sign of the hunters anywhe Until -
127) 14) dialog: Fuck. David ducks down. Scans the kitchen. No visible exits. They’re trapped.
127) 16) dialog: They're coming. David and Judy retreat toward the back of the kitchen. Da grabs a couple of knives as they pass the cook’s station, hands one to Judy. They hide around a corner, flatten themselves against the wall, David with a finger to his l telling Judy not to make a sound. And now -
127) 20) text: But where? We find them around the next corner, their fin fallback position. They listen, clutching the knives, to ADVANCING FOOTSTEPS of the hunters. In the final seconds David sees -
129) 0) text: David and Judy cut through an arcade. Pinball machines an slot machines flying past in a blur. BOOM! - a shotgun bl vaporizes a Pacman machine.
130) 0) text: They exit the arcade into a hallway with one flickering fluorescent light. David grabs door handles as they run, looking for an exit. This one opens.
131) 4) dialog: Climb! Scaling tool chests and oil drums, David and Judy climb u the elevated truck cab as -
132) 0) text: David and Judy, crouched on the floor, seize the moment.
132) 1) dialog: Lock ‘em! They both lock their doors and crouch back down, bracing themselves for another assault. But there are no more gunshots. Not yet. What they hear instead are TOOLS SPILLING TO THE FLOOR.
132) 5) dialog: See if any of those work! Judy starts trying them in the ignition, one after anothe tossing the useless sets aside. The Third Hunter could just press the release button, but decides to shoot it instead. Blows the entire switch assembly off the wall. THE RIG DOESN’T MOVE. So the Third Hunter walks over under the truck and starts firing randomly into the sub-floor mechanics of the lift itself. He finally hits some vital part, not anticipating the outcome -— WITH A HYDRAULIC WHOOSH THE BIG RIG DROPS STRAIGHT DOWN. Judy SCREAMING in freefall. WHAM! - THE RIG LANDS, CRUSHING the THIRD HUNTER UNDERNEA The other two hunters find this mishap hilarious, LAUGH UPROARIOUSLY. A strange interlude. Judy desperately fishi around on the floor.
132) 6) dialog: What are you doing?!
132) 11) dialog: Hurry!
132) 15) dialog: 
134) 2) dialog: Perfect. 94.
136) 4) text: ...fifty-one...fifty... Judy and David turn slowly to look at one another. Haunte by the same question.
138) 0) text: David and Judy race on, rigid with fear. The dark countryside shooting past the windows.
138) 5) dialog: (pedal to floor) That's everything!
140) 0) text: David's white-knuckled grip on the wheel. Judy's face pressed against the back window. That ominous STATIC-LACE VOICE on the radio:
140) 7) dialog: Anything? Judy silent, waiting, staring.
140) 8) dialog: Anything?!
140) 10) dialog: Nothing? Just the black horizon. Judy, baffled, meets eyes with Da in the rear view mirror.
140) 15) dialog: 
140) 18) dialog: 
144) 0) text: David wrestles the rig under control, steers it onto the shoulder, the axle GRINDING ON PAVEMENT. The initial blinding burst dims to an EERIE CRIMSON HALFLIGHT and we the aftermath, a NETHERWORLD of fire and smoke and swirli ashes: A mile-wide CORNFIELD engulfed in flames. The POSTS OF A WOODEN FENCE like a row of torches. A hellish BLACK-ORANG MUSHROOM CLOUD rising up from the prairie beyond. David and Judy stare in speechless horror. STATIC crackli on the military radio like the countdown never happened.
145) 0) text: David and Judy trudge through waist-high grass. Sun pinkening the sky in the east. Wichita on the near horizo Looks of hope.
146) 0) text: People. Traffic. Life as normal. David and Judy walk up a commercial street in the trucker hats and sunglasses they took from Quik Phil’s.
147) 0) text: Greasy spoon. Full of PATRONS. David sits at the counter his trucker hat and sunglasses. Quiet. Inconspicuous. Jud is on the pay phone in the back. She hangs up, comes over and sits on the stool beside David.
147) 3) dialog: Couple waters.
147) 5) dialog: Bottled. She nods okay. On a tv above the counter, regular programming is interrupted by a SPECIAL NEWS UPDATE. Patr look up from their meals with the concern one feels for a neighboring community.