18) 0) text: GIANT WET TONGUES licking something, licking each other i the process. A disturbing image, but only in close-up... DAIRY COWS at a salt lick. Bill Farnum stands in the corral watching, ankle deep in briefcase in hand, blank expression. His wife DEARDRA cal to him from the house porch in the b.g., twelve-year-old NICHOLAS under her arm.
18) 1) dialog: William! If he hears her, he gives no visible indication. Nicholas jogs down to the fence.
22) 0) text: We drift through the dark hundred-year-old house, past th stairs, down the hall into the kitchen, past an old pot- bellied woodstove to the sink where we find Deardra in a nightgown looking out the window. Worried. Nicholas enter in pajamas.
22) 3) dialog: Wait here. 14.
23) 0) text: House in the b.g., Deardra crosses the field, spotlights whipping across her face. Lit up like a nebula against the night sky, the billowing dust cloud gives the combine an otherworldly aura. A kill machine circling for prey, the thresher a gaping mouth of giant spinning teeth.
24) 0) text: Up close, the noise is deafening. Deardra strides into range. Cups her hands to her mouth and calls up to the darkened cab.
24) 1) dialog: William...?!
26) 0) text: Deardra calls once more then jogs over and climbs the met rungs to the cab. Opens the door.
26) 1) dialog: William Blaine Farnum, what in heaven's -- EMPTY SEAT. A haunted pause then Deardra slides in behind the wheel. Powers down the engine. Turns off the lights.
27) 1) dialog: William...? Her voice carries without answer. She turns on the flashlight and walks out into the field.
27) 2) dialog: The swaying wheat. The pulse of cicadas. And then, from back at the house, a BLOOD-CURDLING SCREAM. Her son. 15.
27) 3) dialog: Oh God... Deardra takes off running for the house. Frantic. Elbows flying.
27) 4) dialog: 
27) 6) dialog: 
29) 1) dialog: Nicholas...? Silence. At the top of the stairs - A HANGING BULB SWINGS like a pendulum, casting eerie shif shadows. Deardra looks up the stairs at it. No sane perso would go up there, except a mother for a child. She climbs the stairs. Slowly, one step at a time. The ol boards CREAKING underfoot. The bulb’s shadows rocking bac and forth across her face.
30) 0) text: Topping the stairs, she comes down the hall. Eyes wide wi fear. Shadows dancing. The light is on in the BATHROOM. Door closed. Deardra reaches out a hand, pushes the door slowly open -- CREEEEEAK -- and sees...
30) 2) dialog: Nicholas...? 16. As she takes her next step SOMEONE GRABS HER FROM BEHIND, throws a hand over her mouth and pulls her into the --
30) 3) text: Nicholas. Terrified. He gestures for silence, takes his hand from Deardra's mouth. Their pale faces lit by the li coming through the crack.
30) 4) dialog: What happened? What did he do? Nicholas, answer me.
30) 6) dialog: (re: closet) We can't stay here. She cracks the door, peers out. Just then, a terrible sou FOOTSTEPS coming heavily up the stairs. And now they have no choice but the closet. Nicholas shut the door and grips the handle with both hands, praying he strong enough to keep his father out.
31) 1) text: Deardra helps Nicholas hold the door as Bill’s FOOTSTEPS pounding down the hallway to the closet where they STOP ABRUPTLY. Five seconds that feel like forever as Deardra and Nichol listen to Bill's HOLLOW BREATHS on the other side of the door. Both clutching the door handle, expecting it to get ripped open any second. Instead we hear a KEY go into the lock and turn - CLICK. FOOTSTEPS head back downstairs. Nicholas tries the handle couple of times before turning gravely to his mother.