5) 2) dialog: You asked me once when we first got together if I thought less of you for staying here after high school and following in your dad’s footsteps. I want you to know something. People like you, the ones that stay, are the reason why people like me come back. David meets her gaze, heartened by that, and then places hand gently, tellingly, on her midsection.
16) 0) text: Judy, in a traditional white doctor's coat, gives a tetan shot to a boy with a bandaged foot. She has a gentle touc
16) 1) dialog: (finished) Wasn’t too bad, was it? The boy shakes his head. He and his mother stand to go.
16) 2) dialog: (musses boy's hair) Adventure on, young man, but keep an eye out for...?
16) 4) dialog: Rusty nails. (to mother) Take care, Dana. Let me know if there’s any swelling. 10.
17) 0) text: Typical slow night. Judy is updating records with her par time office helper BECCA DARLING. Seventeen. Pretty. Loca honor student. NURSE VIOLET, town gossip, also the clinic receptionist, wanders over, bored, buffing her nails.
17) 2) dialog: Not yet.
17) 4) dialog: (endearing, not poking fun) Thanks, Violet, I'll put those on the list. Becca’s cell phone CHIRPS. She checks the message, keys i quick reply and resumes work, the entire exchange lasting seconds.
17) 6) dialog: Hmmm, how’s our staff to patient ratio? I think you’re good. Everything all right?
17) 8) dialog: Algebra?
17) 10) dialog: My husband excelled at math in high school. 11. Becca smiles. Then:
17) 12) dialog: Thanks.
17) 14) dialog: Sometimes you just get lucky like that.
19) 0) text: Crescent moon. David eyeing it from the back porch as he drinks a beer in his unbuttoned sheriff's shirt. Judy enters the kitchen behind him. Weary from the day. Sees him through the door. He holds her gaze for a moment then puts his hand under his shirt and gives it a little flutter, meaning his heart still beats for her. Makes her smile.
20) 2) dialog: (isn't sure) Omelet?
20) 6) dialog: (smiles) Penance for your sins? He smiles a little, slips the ring back on her finger, restored to its original luster. Then, still troubled by day’s events:
20) 8) dialog: Meaning - ?
20) 10) dialog: What did Peggy say?
33) 0) text: A RINGING PHONE wakes up David and Judy. They both reach it. His hand gets there first.
34) 0) text: Engulfed. VOLUNTEER FIREMEN hose down the trees, too late save the house or anyone inside. David's cruiser pulls up He and Judy push through the crowd of onlookers to the FI CHIEF.
34) 1) dialog: Norman, did they get out?! The Fire Chief shakes his head. Judy, horrified, eyes the inferno that used to be a farmhouse.
44) 0) text: With discreet alarm David shows Judy the water system schematic at the reception desk. Points to the second mos outlying farm.
44) 2) dialog: If it's contaminated, if the concentration's high enough - but, David, we're drinking that same water. Everybody is. If there's something in it, we're all going to get it. David backs away, crisis on his hands.
44) 4) dialog: Peggy? Can you hear me? Peg...? Peggy's eyes flutter open partway. Pupils dilated. Barely conscious.
44) 5) dialog: You need to lay down? Peggy ATTACKS without warning. Knocks Judy off her feet, tearing her blouse. It takes three guys to pull her off a subdue her as Nurse Violet helps a badly shaken Judy to h feet.
53) 0) text: Emergency town meeting. Worried TOWNSFOLK abound. David a Judy trying to manage everyone's fear and anger.
53) 10) dialog: We don't know that it's going to affect everybody the same, everybody's body reacts a little diff -- EERIE LAUGHTER cuts her off. A woman in the back. Horn- rimmed glasses. Ten-dollar wig. Going red in the face she laughing so hard. It's creepy, she can't stop. Everybody just stares as this demented old lady laughs and laughs.
59) 0) text: Meanwhile David and Judy. Tense words in the kitchen.
59) 2) dialog: Maybe you should go stay with my parents.
59) 4) dialog: No, David, you're not the only one with responsibilities here, half these people are my -- Sees something out the kitchen window. It scares her.
59) 6) dialog: (isn't sure) Shadow. David grabs his gun and goes out.
60) 3) dialog: Who are you?! Who are you?!
61) 0) text: And sees THREE SOLDIERS IN BIOHAZARD SUITS forcibly escor Judy to the front door. David lunges into the fray, gun outstretched.
62) 0) text: They wrestle Judy aboard an idling SCHOOL BUS. David behi her, still resisting, choked blue in the face.
62) 1) dialog: Where are you taking us?!
63) 0) text: Hurtling along under armed guard, David and Judy see shoc images out the windows. FAMILIES BEING PULLED FROM EVERY HOUSE IN SIGHT. The entire town being corralled onto buse like pigs off to slaughter.
64) 3) dialog: Elevated temperature usually means infection, but a toxin can do the same thing... I don't know, the way Peggy was acting makes me think it's chemical.
64) 5) dialog: Medical response teams train with case studies, they know the symptomology, pharmacological outcomes --—
64) 7) dialog: (looks at him) They're as scared as we are. Judy steps away to help an ASTHMATIC ELDERLY WOMAN who is leaning against the fence. Soldiers escort MAYOR HOBBS an his WIFE onto the field.
64) 24) dialog: This woman is asthmatic, she needs her medica --
64) 27) dialog: 
65) 0) text: POV of ceiling lights whipping by above as a masked exami wheels us down the corridor. It's Judy’s POV, strapped to a gurney. The passing classrooms offer flashes of nightmare imagery:
66) 0) text: David awakens in darkness. Lifts his head, disoriented. He’s lying in what appears to be a livestock trailer. Judy. The thought sends him scrambling to the back door. rams it with his shoulder. Pounds it with his fists. Kick it with his boot. His fists again. And as he continues th futile effort to force it open - A DARK FIGURE emerges from the shadows behind him. Creepi closer. Aman. Sinister face catching the light. David, still hammering the door, doesn't see him coming. The figure stops right behind David and we see the grim visage was a trick of the shadows. It's his friend, the concessions vendor from the ball game. KEVIN MILLER.
68) 0) text: SEDATED TOWNSPEOPLE strapped to gurneys in a social studi classroom. Among them we find JUDY, semi-conscious, shove in here amid the overturned desks. An EXAMINER works from field kit, not providing medical care, taking tissue and blood samples. GUNFIRE erupts outside. The examiner stops his work and stares out the window. He doesn’t move. Something terribl is happening out there. Craning her neck, Judy can see
72) 0) text: The EXAMINER drawing blood samples hears the evacuation order. Grabs his things and runs out, accidentally leavin needle embedded in the last victim’s arm. Blood drips ont the floor. PLIP. PLIP. PLIP. We move up the arm to the face... It’s JUDY. She stares at the dripping blood. Hands strapped, she can do anything to stop it. 46.
75) 0) text: PLIP. PLIP. PLIP. Judy watching herself bleed. She could die like this. One drip at a time. Gritting her teeth, pronating her forearm, she manages to painfully scrape th needle from her arm on the side of the gurney. In the aftermath of the military exodus there is an eerie calm filled with SHRIEKS and GROANS, the INSANE RANTINGS the abandoned inmates. With those horrible sounds in her ears Judy scans the classroom. Her fellow townspeople. Varying degrees of madness on display: A middle-aged WOMAN SNICKERING to herself. A teenage BOY BABBLING incoherently. 48. A CATATONIC MAN with the same half dead, half twitching f Bill Farnum had. Others are unconscious, comatose, drooli Judy locks eyes, unexpectedly, with a high school girl strapped down on the other side of the room. Terrified, trembling, but otherwise asymptomatic. BECCA DARLING. Her office helper.
75) 1) dialog: Becca?! Becca, honey, are you hurt...?! Becca, deep in shock, trembling in terror:
75) 3) dialog: Don’t worry, it’ll be okay. All right?
75) 5) dialog: Where’s your mom and dad?
75) 9) dialog: 
76) 0) text: Judy rolls down the row of lockers, grabbing the PADLOCKS with that strapped hand, pulling herself along. The SOUND THE PITCHFORK right behind her. Blind panic setting in. H diversion play quickly shaping up as suicide. Craning her neck she can see Bruce coming. Quickens her pace, fingers grabbing frantically at the padlocks. And t tragedy strikes.
76) 5) dialog: Not really. Unstrapped, she takes off down the hall.
77) 0) text: Judy unstraps Becca. Becca cries in her arms. Judy holds her as she might her own child.
78) 0) text: PREDATORY LUNATICS wander the streets, maimed, bleeding, faces half dead. They attack each other at random, some unleashing the same murderous fury on inanimate objects. predatory types stagger through the night babbling. CRAZE CHILDREN running around like orphans of the apocalypse. David, Judy, Russell and Becca jog along Main Street, pas shattered shopfronts and parked cars that have been BOOTE prevent driving.
78) 2) dialog: It’s Molly Hutchins.
79) 10) dialog: What if they’re right? What if I’m sick? (includes Becca) What if we both are?
79) 12) dialog: Saying it doesn’t make it true.
80) 5) dialog: It’s okay, we’ll get you some dry clothes at the house. Judy shares a private look of concern with David, both noticing the creek’s toxic sheen. Becca sees it, too, and draws her own conclusion.
81) 0) text: The foursome moves in wary tandem, skirting the perimeter an old farm. A barn. Three silos. Judy walks beside Becca who is cold, shivering, and generally miserable, but mana to strike a lighter note:
82) 11) dialog: No.
82) 15) dialog: There wasn’t anything on the news? Before you left?
82) 18) dialog: Is that what they said?
82) 24) dialog: Nobody?
84) 0) text: They come up through the back acres. David with the M-16 his shoulder. Judy offering a grave assessment.
84) 1) dialog: This wasn’t a chemical spill. (off their looks) They're burning the bodies. It must be bacteriological, viral. Something that spreads by human contact. Or the air.
84) 3) dialog: It was. It must have more than one mode of transmission. Or mutated or something, who knows.
84) 7) dialog: Expose a group of people to something, there’s always a handful who aren’t affected. I don’t know, Russell, maybe you’re naturally immune.
85) 0) text: Judy runs in the front door and slows, shocked - THE HOUSE IS DESTROYED. Holes smashed through the walls. Sofas and chairs slashed open. The upright piano decimate David enters and surveys the destruction with Judy as Rus checks the other rooms to make sure there's nobody here. 60. Judy turns and walks out, past Becca who has stopped at t front door out of simple respect. David lingers a moment then follows.
86) 0) text: Judy at the clothesline taking down the laundry. David wa over.
86) 3) dialog: (crying) I don't care about the house... it's everything. Everybody. Everybody we know... I don't see how we recover from this... I don't see how this town ever comes back... Neither does David. He holds her close.
87) 0) text: Judy walks away from the house to clear her head. Becca following, hoping to console. David comes up the steps pa Russell who sits at the top, wiping sweat from his brow w a handkerchief. Russell nods at the smoldering cruiser.
93) 0) text: He is thrown across the room into the bureau. CRASH! EXT. DOWN THE ROAD —- CONTINUOUS Judy, walking away, looks back at the house. The windblow grass drowning out b.g. noises.
93) 1) dialog: Did you hear that? Becca shakes her head. Russell too. They walk on.
96) 0) text: Judy, Becca and Russell whip around.
96) 1) dialog: 
98) 0) text: Russell, Judy and Becca running as fast as they can.
98) 1) dialog: 
99) 0) text: Judy runs to David's side, near hysterics. Badly shaken himself, he puts his arm around her. Blood courses down h cheek from his hand.
99) 1) dialog: David oh my God let me see! LET ME
99) 3) dialog: Oh Jesus, David... She flips it over, sees the exit wound.
99) 4) dialog: ...it went through?! He nods yeah, rattled to the core. Becca runs to the clothesline, grabs a T-shirt. Tears off a strip. Ties the first loop around David wrist as a tourniquet and wraps t rest around his palm as a bandage.
99) 6) dialog: 
100) 0) text: House in the b.g., the group heads down the road. David a Judy share a private word about Russell who walks just ah the M-16 on his shoulder.
100) 1) dialog: He’s infected.
100) 3) dialog: You saw what he did.
101) 0) text: Arrow-straight to its vanishing point. David, Judy, Becca and Russell come into view. It’s hot and getting hotter. One of those midsummer days where you feel the heat by 10 David stops abruptly.
101) 3) dialog: How far to the truckstop?
101) 5) dialog: What do we do? Russell grins at the HOT SUN.
102) 0) text: Through SHIMMERING HEAT WAVES we see the highway. The foursome in the distance like a mirage. Then in CLOSEUP. Damp shirts. Faces beaded with sweat. Russell takes off his shirt and walks on bare chested. Strong. Sinewy. Humming some 70’s rock song to himself. David watches him, trying to gauge his sanity. Deflects Judy's look of concern with:
102) 2) dialog: You all right?
102) 4) dialog: What kind of sick?
103) 0) text: More walking. More sweat. Judy, helping Becca as before, spots a BINGO HALL set back from the highway on a dirt ro An old COUPE DE VILLE parked in the lot.
103) 1) dialog: David. He nods, already spotted it. Russell doesn’t seem to real they've stopped and continues walking.
103) 2) dialog: What about him?
103) 5) dialog: Where he’s going?
104) 0) text: A white peaked-roof bingo hall sits alone on the prairie a church without a steeple. David, Judy and Becca cross t parking lot. A haunting VOICE echoes inside the building, stops them dead in their tracks.
104) 3) text: David and Judy trade looks. He cocks his handgun and they continue toward the building.
106) 8) dialog: Excuse me, is that your -- She recoils in horror. The fat man is two days dead. Thro slit. Jaw gaping at his blood-caked Bingo card. They all stand there for a moment processing the image. A five-hundred pound corpse with a Bingo card. Rolls of decomposing fat overhanging the chair he’s sitting in. Ow of the Coupe De Ville? Judy steps closer. Holding her breath at the stench, reminding herself she’s doctor, she slips her hand into the dead man’s shirt pock Empty. Right pant pocket. Empty. Left side. Empty. She can’t reach the back ones. He’s sitting on them.
106) 9) dialog: Help me lift him. Startled looks of ‘who us?’ from David and Becca. A look reply from Judy, ‘yes, you two’. They come over and take hold.
106) 10) dialog: On three. One... Two... Three! As they wrestle with the man’s decomposing bulk, the dead weight shifts unexpectedly, slipping -
109) 0) text: David drives, scanning the horizon for danger. Judy doing the same from the passenger seat. Russell sits bare-chest in the back seat with Becca. Whispers to her, paranoid:
109) 5) dialog: Listen! They all go silent. And now we hear it, the sound of an oncoming
111) 1) dialog: We can’t stay on the highway.
111) 3) dialog: You said something about the powerline road.
111) 8) dialog: Let's go. David reaches for the ignition, but before his hand gets there -
111) 14) dialog: 
111) 18) dialog: Over there!! David and Russell spin to look, but their view is obstruc as -
111) 28) dialog: 
112) 2) dialog: Help me! David pulls his knife and cuts the hose. Becca slumps int Judy's arms. Judy cradles her down into a seated position weeping over the girl’s body. The scene would end on that image, but it’s here that the APACHE revisits them. SCREAMING across the prairie to ope fire on the exposed Coupe De Ville. Bullets strafe the ca lengthwise. It catches fire and burns. They watch in silence. Russell nodding to himself like a reveling in God’s authority. David and Judy's expressions edging toward doom. The smoke, blowing across their faces paints Judy’s tears black.
113) 0) text: They walk on. Judy looks ready to give up.
113) 1) dialog: They’1l never let us in without testing us. I already failed that test once.
113) 3) dialog: Oh Jesus, David. Even if you're right, how are we gonna prove it?
113) 5) dialog: The tires are flat.
113) 10) dialog: Maybe they'll help.
113) 15) dialog: If they’re alive he’ll kill ‘em. David takes off after Russell, hollering his name.
114) 8) dialog: Rhabdoviridea... You mean, rabies?
114) 11) dialog: (shocked; sickened) A weapon. A biological weapon.
114) 17) dialog: What’s the incubation period?
114) 19) dialog: How rare?
115) 0) text: David and Judy walk the sun-scorched highway, eyes traine Russell who walks fifty paces in front, a man to fear.
115) 2) dialog: What if he tries to stop you? Russell, out of earshot, glances back at them as if knowi their private thoughts. Turns forward again. And we get David's reply:
116) 0) text: Abandoned filling station. Russell crosses the lot and go inside. David and Judy arrive moments later and follow hi Tense. Moment of truth. 80.
117) 0) text: David and Judy enter. On the far wall is a cooler filled with BOTTLED WATER. Russell tosses them both a bottle.
119) 7) dialog: Russell, we're on your side...
119) 9) dialog: There's not, I didn't --
119) 11) dialog: 
120) 2) dialog: Let's just run.
120) 5) dialog: David, no -
120) 12) dialog: 
120) 16) dialog: 
123) 0) text: David and Judy slow as they reach the parking lot, anticipation turning to dread. THE TRUCKSTOP IS ABANDONED. A ghost town. They kick aside the temporary fencing and w across the empty parking lot. It's strewn with litter lik state fairground at the end of the season.
123) 2) dialog: They must have gotten everybody out.
124) 3) dialog: They weren't even sick... David picks something up off the ground. A HANDFUL OF M-16 SHELL CASINGS.
125) 0) text: A trash can SHATTERS the glass door. David and Judy step through and survey the deserted truckstop. Slot machines glimmer multi-colored in the darkness.
126) 0) text: David and Judy lean over a KANSAS MAP in the empty restaurant. The soft HISS of static on the military radio 87.
126) 2) dialog: They wiped out an entire town. What are they going to say?
127) 9) dialog: Did he see us?
127) 11) dialog: Maybe they’1l leave. David gives her a doubtful look, steals a peek through th window in the door.
127) 15) dialog: Where are they? David gestures ‘right there, shhhhh.’ He peers through th crack in the door, watching as: The hunters search the restaurant, looking under tables, working their way through the seating area toward the kitchen. One of them slips out of view as they approach.
129) 0) text: David and Judy cut through an arcade. Pinball machines an slot machines flying past in a blur. BOOM! - a shotgun bl vaporizes a Pacman machine.
132) 0) text: David and Judy, crouched on the floor, seize the moment.
132) 2) dialog: Oh my God, they’re climbing up! David jumps into the driver’s seat as the FIRST HUNTER CL INTO VIEW. He meets David's gaze with a murderous grin. Aims his shotgun at the glass. 92. David kicks his door open, sending the hunter flying off the floor below where his SKULL HITS with a SICKENING CRA Undeterred, he starts climbing back up. The SECOND HUNTER scaling the tool chests ahead of him. But David sees something far more terrifying than these t
132) 7) dialog: I dropped the keys! David bends to help. Something hits the windshield like a sledgehammer. 93.
132) 10) dialog: None of them work! WHAM! More pebbled fragments flying back at them. Judy, ducking it, fishes around on the floor for more keys. Fin another set. Tries them. No good.
132) 12) dialog: I can't find them! Fishes around under the seat. Finds another set. Jams the in the ignition and
134) 0) text: Speeding down the highway. Pulses pounding. Judy unfolds map from the glovebox.
134) 1) dialog: The smallest straightest road to Wichita.
136) 0) text: Judy fiddles with the MILITARY RADIO, picks up a STATICKY SIGNAL.
136) 1) dialog: What was that? She fiddles some more. Snippets of MILITARY COMMUNICATION becoming audible through the STATIC:
136) 4) text: ...fifty-one...fifty... Judy and David turn slowly to look at one another. Haunte by the same question.
136) 5) dialog: What happens at zero? David floors the gas pedal.
138) 0) text: David and Judy race on, rigid with fear. The dark countryside shooting past the windows.
138) 3) dialog: 
140) 0) text: David's white-knuckled grip on the wheel. Judy's face pressed against the back window. That ominous STATIC-LACE VOICE on the radio:
140) 9) dialog: No...
140) 11) dialog: Nothing. And then it hits.
140) 14) dialog: Oh my God...
144) 0) text: David wrestles the rig under control, steers it onto the shoulder, the axle GRINDING ON PAVEMENT. The initial blinding burst dims to an EERIE CRIMSON HALFLIGHT and we the aftermath, a NETHERWORLD of fire and smoke and swirli ashes: A mile-wide CORNFIELD engulfed in flames. The POSTS OF A WOODEN FENCE like a row of torches. A hellish BLACK-ORANG MUSHROOM CLOUD rising up from the prairie beyond. David and Judy stare in speechless horror. STATIC crackli on the military radio like the countdown never happened.
145) 0) text: David and Judy trudge through waist-high grass. Sun pinkening the sky in the east. Wichita on the near horizo Looks of hope.
146) 0) text: People. Traffic. Life as normal. David and Judy walk up a commercial street in the trucker hats and sunglasses they took from Quik Phil’s.
147) 1) dialog: My parents are coming to get us. David holds his reply as the waitress steps up, pen poise take their order.
147) 7) dialog: That’s not what happened. The waitress brings the waters and the check. As David reaches for the bottles, he pauses, noticing something. There, on the check, by the waitress's smiley-face signature...
147) 10) dialog: No... FADE OUT.