66) 0) text: David awakens in darkness. Lifts his head, disoriented. He’s lying in what appears to be a livestock trailer. Judy. The thought sends him scrambling to the back door. rams it with his shoulder. Pounds it with his fists. Kick it with his boot. His fists again. And as he continues th futile effort to force it open - A DARK FIGURE emerges from the shadows behind him. Creepi closer. Aman. Sinister face catching the light. David, still hammering the door, doesn't see him coming. The figure stops right behind David and we see the grim visage was a trick of the shadows. It's his friend, the concessions vendor from the ball game. KEVIN MILLER.
66) 1) dialog: David... David spins, wild-eyed, caught in a moment of madness.
66) 3) dialog: 
66) 7) dialog: You're scaring us. David sees them now. FACES IN SHADOW at the far end, terrified by his erratic behavior. Men, women, children. Faces we recognize from the ball game, the high school, t town meeting. David calms himself, explaining: 40.
66) 9) dialog: (commiserates ) They took Linda. (indicating other unmatched spouses) And they took George and Francine and Whit and Simon and a whole mess of other people. Breaking your hand on that door's still a dumb idea. David takes his point. Follows Miller back to the group. The townspeople sit huddled together like Third World refugees. A mechanic in a John Deere ball cap (EDWARD) engages David. Frazzled nerves fuel the exchange.
66) 13) dialog: (as peacemaker; overlapping) Edward --
66) 15) dialog: (to Edward; overlapping) Hey! HEY!! This ain't helping, Eddie. We're all in the same boat here. Edward simmers down. Feels no real rancor toward David. Just can't handle the situation.
67) 4) dialog: Don't.
67) 6) dialog: Whatever you're thinking. There's one way out of here and it's on those buses. You got a seat on one. A seat a lot of people wish they had.
67) 8) dialog: David. This might your last chance. Don’t lose it running off on some fool's errand. 43.
67) 10) dialog: You know what I'm saying.