18) 0) text: GIANT WET TONGUES licking something, licking each other i the process. A disturbing image, but only in close-up... DAIRY COWS at a salt lick. Bill Farnum stands in the corral watching, ankle deep in briefcase in hand, blank expression. His wife DEARDRA cal to him from the house porch in the b.g., twelve-year-old NICHOLAS under her arm.
18) 2) dialog: Supper’s ready. Farnum stands motionless, mesmerized. Nicholas starts to climb the fence and suddenly his father speaks, without looking, as though he was listening all along:
22) 0) text: We drift through the dark hundred-year-old house, past th stairs, down the hall into the kitchen, past an old pot- bellied woodstove to the sink where we find Deardra in a nightgown looking out the window. Worried. Nicholas enter in pajamas.
22) 1) dialog: Pa come in yet? Deardra shakes her head no. Her eyes never leave the wind Nicholas comes over, sees what she's staring at.
22) 2) dialog: What's he doin’? Off in the distance, a COMBINE is going around in circles a field, its spotlights sweeping the prairie like a lighthouse beacon. Deardra takes a flashlight from the top of the fridge.
27) 5) dialog: Another SCREAM. Deardra, in full flight, screams back.
27) 7) dialog: She crosses the field at a dead sprint. And hears somethi worse than a scream as she reaches the house. SILENCE.
30) 3) text: Nicholas. Terrified. He gestures for silence, takes his hand from Deardra's mouth. Their pale faces lit by the li coming through the crack.
30) 5) dialog: He has a knife. A chill runs through Deardra.
31) 1) text: Deardra helps Nicholas hold the door as Bill’s FOOTSTEPS pounding down the hallway to the closet where they STOP ABRUPTLY. Five seconds that feel like forever as Deardra and Nichol listen to Bill's HOLLOW BREATHS on the other side of the door. Both clutching the door handle, expecting it to get ripped open any second. Instead we hear a KEY go into the lock and turn - CLICK. FOOTSTEPS head back downstairs. Nicholas tries the handle couple of times before turning gravely to his mother.
31) 2) dialog: He locked us in. 17.