1) 0) text: A baseball game being played under the lights behind the local high school. STUDENTS, FACULTY, TOWNSPEOPLE fill th wooden bleachers. It's the regional playoffs. Everybody i here. The MAYOR, the PASTOR, the FIRE CHIEF, all the VIPs small town has to offer. Even the town sheriff has turned up for the end of the ga He parks his cruiser in the overflow lot and comes down t hill to the diamond, keys jangling on his belt beside a holstered gun he never uses. DAVID DUTTON. Easy-going. Second-generation sheriff. Pillar of the community. Trading a dozen hellos, clapping some old timer on the shoulder, giving the coach a thumbs-up about the score, h comes around the backstop to the little CONCESSIONS TRAIL Sets his hat on the counter. Handsome. Grinning with hometown pride.
10) 0) text: TIP OF A PEN writes: "Aorta ruptured - fatal wound: gunshot..." The MEDICAL EXAMINER, balding, bespectacled, finishing hi autopsy notes. David walks over. A body sheeted in plasti on the autopsy table. Tag on the toe: HAMILL, RORY C.
17) 0) text: Typical slow night. Judy is updating records with her par time office helper BECCA DARLING. Seventeen. Pretty. Loca honor student. NURSE VIOLET, town gossip, also the clinic receptionist, wanders over, bored, buffing her nails.
22) 0) text: We drift through the dark hundred-year-old house, past th stairs, down the hall into the kitchen, past an old pot- bellied woodstove to the sink where we find Deardra in a nightgown looking out the window. Worried. Nicholas enter in pajamas.
37) 0) text: Plumes of smoke rise from the ashes. A scorched brick chimney stands like a monument to the dead. David picks u charred photo. The Farnum family. He drops it, surveys th scene with dismay. A faint DRONING HUM draws his gaze skyward. Those SAME TW PLANES flying over. Side by side a half mile apart. But lower this time. David's eyes narrow with suspicion.
38) 0) text: A freshwater marsh on the outskirts, the town's namesake. OLD TIMER in hipwaders is dumping crayfish from wire trap into a bucket. He hears something. Straightens for a look Twenty yards away, something white is billowing like an untrimmed mainsail. He comes over for a look. Touches the material. Ripstop nylon. Billowing again, it's clear what it is... A PARACHUTE. He follows the twisted cords over a rise in the marsh to where they settle in deeper water beyond. Gives the lines tug and then staggers backwards in horror as - A HUMAN BODY floats to the surface. Hideously discolored. Bloated from decomposition.
67) 0) text: David and the others step warily from the truck, take in their surroundings. A TRUCKSTOP being used as an operatio staging area. Military trucks refueling. 42. Transport helicopters coming and going from the adjoining field. Supplies and troops being shuttled to and fro. In the fenced-in parking lot where the livestock truck is few HUNDRED SURVIVORS await evacuation, getting treatment first aid tents. A SITE COORDINATOR stands on a military flatbed megaphoning instructions to a LINE OF SURVIVORS b processed for transport:
78) 0) text: PREDATORY LUNATICS wander the streets, maimed, bleeding, faces half dead. They attack each other at random, some unleashing the same murderous fury on inanimate objects. predatory types stagger through the night babbling. CRAZE CHILDREN running around like orphans of the apocalypse. David, Judy, Russell and Becca jog along Main Street, pas shattered shopfronts and parked cars that have been BOOTE prevent driving.
114) 0) text: A nondescript man of fifty crawls from the wreckage. Buzzcut. Shattered gasmask hanging from his face. A MILITARY INTELLIGENCE OFFICER. He's on his hands and knee bleeding from the mouth, from a gash in his hairline. Russell puts a gun to his head.
118) 0) text: Russell, at the urinal, flushes, zips, steps to the sink where he blows his nose into his handkerchief. THE WHITE CLOTH TURNS DARK RED, FILLING WITH BLOOD. He tucks it away, seemingly unaware. Stares at himself in the cracked mirror. Dead-eyed. Sweat rivering down his cheeks. Madness.
121) 0) text: They're jogging again. Russell struggling to keep up. Jud drinks from a water bottle, passes it to David. He finish it, tosses it. And before the bottle hits the ground - he grabs her and pull her into the tall grass. They peer through it. Both crouching. TWO MILITARY TRUCKS butted together form a CHECKPOINT two hundred yards down the road. SIX HEAVILY ARMED SOLDIERS I BIOSUITS. No way past. Russell arrives beside them, huffing. Sizes up the checkpoint. Indicates a route through the adjoining field
125) 0) text: A trash can SHATTERS the glass door. David and Judy step through and survey the deserted truckstop. Slot machines glimmer multi-colored in the darkness.
133) 0) text: COMES CRASHING OUT through the garage door. The rig tears off across the parking lot with the redneck hunters staggering after it on foot.
147) 9) dialog: Disbelief. He touches his fingers to his nose. They come back dripping. Judy sees the blood. Her look of horror is our final image.