10) 7) text: Small, functional. David's lone deputy is fielding phone calls in the common area. DEPUTY RUSSELL. Young. Capable. Built like a linebacker. He'd be sheriff if David weren't around but his loyalty is absolute.
10) 8) dialog: (into phone) I can’t answer that - look, like I said, you'll have to talk to Sheriff Dutton, try back later. David enters as he hangs up.
10) 9) dialog: Hey.
10) 11) dialog: Some fuckin' ball game, huh. David sits down, nods.
36) 0) text: Next morning, Russell is outside trying to placate some L REPORTERS as David talks on the phone.
36) 2) dialog: They tell me they don't want the deputy, they want the sheriff. David gets up from his desk. Still watching Farnum.
39) 0) text: A bodybag zipper opens to reveal the pilot's ROTTING CORP David catches a glimpse and turns away, he's seen enough. Russell gags at the stench. Even Finley, mortician of twe years, looks a little grossed out.
40) 0) text: David and Russell cough the stench from their lungs as th cross the parking lot. Then:
40) 2) dialog: Travis King - you know Travis?
40) 4) dialog: Said he heard something out by Hopman Bog last week. I thought he was tellin' stories again. David slows, meets Russell's gaze over the roof of the cruiser.
41) 0) text: David, Russell and TRAVIS KING, a human rodent, motoring across the bog in a flat-bottomed aluminum boat.
41) 1) dialog: Sounded like a plane you said, huh, Trav?
41) 3) dialog: Big plane, little plane?
41) 8) dialog: Whaddaya see, chief? David indicates a spot in the woods where the tops of tre have been sheared off.
41) 11) dialog: No.
41) 14) dialog: Why's that? David straightens, oddly quiet, staring at the water.
42) 0) text: David talks on a cell phone while he and Russell unhook t boat trailer outside the corrugated-steel equipment shed. 22.
42) 3) dialog: Depends what the payload is. It's an off-hand remark, means more to David than Russell He looks at the MASON JAR of tainted water on the hood of truck then turns a brooding stare to the north, a pattern thought taking shape.
42) 5) dialog: Dwyer Creek.
42) 7) dialog: Black Pond. Hey, you remember that monster catfish I --
42) 9) dialog: Yeah... Russell isn't following yet.
48) 2) dialog: That makes two guys losin' it. Bill Farnum is going BERSERK back there. Smashing his hea against the wall. Tearing the cell apart. Uncontrollable rage. David, awed, steps to the windowed partition and watches. Farnum turns. His face is hideous. ONE SIDE PARALYZED LIK A STROKE VICTIM, THE OTHER IN VIOLENT SPASMS. He hurls himself at the glass - WHAM! - almost shatters it. David steps back as he goes berserk again.
49) 0) text: Russell meantime can't get a signal. David steps out besi him, surveys the town from the top of the steps. His face black with foreboding.
49) 2) dialog: What? 27.
52) 17) dialog: Christ almighty. A DEAD EYE staring back at them through the sutured slit.
55) 0) text: Russell humming along at eighty miles an hour. Checks his radio. STATIC. Turns it off. Suddenly, FOUR DEAFENING POP
57) 0) text: Russell struggles, teeth-clenched, not to let it. 33.
57) 1) dialog: Shit! Ruptured treads fly off. The pickup careens off the shoul and slams to a stop in an irrigation ditch.
58) 0) text: Russell has barely righted himself when he’s pulled from truck by a DOZEN SOLDIERS IN BIOHAZARD SUITS. Thrown against the hood, M-16s in his face, Russell’s astonishme is almost comical.
58) 1) dialog: Whoa.
64) 19) dialog: Funny thing happened on the way to Wichita. Gallows humor. Followed by a deadly serious:
64) 20) dialog: Who are these fuckers?
64) 22) dialog: This don’t end well. David shakes his head - nope. An EXAMINER comes down the line checking temperatures. David engages.
70) 2) dialog: Chief?!
70) 4) dialog: Don’t look at that.
70) 6) dialog: Let us? People went nuts. Tore the place apart. It was like a human slaughterhouse. I just ran. 45. Sound of a SPEEDING CAR interrupts them. They duck the FL of its headlights. It’s that same BLACK SUBURBAN TEARING PAST THE POLICE STATION at ninety miles an hour.
70) 7) dialog: Judy, man, I tried to stop ‘em. David nods, gathering shells from the floor. Stands, man a mission.
70) 9) dialog: Hoo-fuckin'-yah, chief, let's go to the high school.
74) 0) text: David and Russell, avoiding the main streets, cut through series of backyards in a dark residential neighborhood. T night reverberates with DISTANT POPS of gunfire. They hop fence and David grabs Russell, pulls him sharply back.
74) 5) dialog: That's gonna be me.
74) 7) dialog: Right out of my goddamn tree like my Uncle Willard who swears on the Bible he ate a tadpole and shat out a bullfrog, and that’s without the screwy water so --
74) 9) dialog: Easy for you to say, you’re at the end of the pipeline. I’m half a mile from the Farnums. 47.
74) 11) dialog: What?
74) 13) dialog: You.
74) 15) dialog: Me.
74) 17) dialog: Hope you're right, chief. I'm no world beater but I had plans. Crossing a street, they see MILITARY HELICOPTERS, perhaps mile away, lifting off into the night sky. David, alarmed quickens his stride.
78) 0) text: PREDATORY LUNATICS wander the streets, maimed, bleeding, faces half dead. They attack each other at random, some unleashing the same murderous fury on inanimate objects. predatory types stagger through the night babbling. CRAZE CHILDREN running around like orphans of the apocalypse. David, Judy, Russell and Becca jog along Main Street, pas shattered shopfronts and parked cars that have been BOOTE prevent driving.
78) 1) dialog: Nobody's driving outta here. An APACHE GUNSHIP flies by overhead. Shockingly fast. Shockingly loud. David and the others duck around the cor by the bank. Looks of terror on their faces, knowing they the targets. 51. They run on. Up ahead, a YOUNG MOTHER sits breast-feeding her baby on the curb. She’s sobbing, rocking on her heels Judy slows. David keeps her moving.
79) 2) dialog: Where to?
79) 4) dialog: Hell of a walk, county line.
79) 6) dialog: We'll be sitting ducks on the highway.
79) 8) dialog: Leaves us about a mile on foot.
80) 1) dialog: (to David) See those folks in town? Man oh man, makes you wonder, don’t it? ‘Bout human nature?
80) 3) dialog: Actin’ on an instinct that’s already there or they’d be group- huggin’ instead of tearing each other apart. Becca slips on a mossy rock and PLUNGES INTO THE STREAM.
80) 7) dialog: You're getting out of here. I just made that my duty.
81) 3) dialog: Oh man.
82) 0) text: Close the hatch and watch through RUST HOLES as the soldi storm the farmhouse. We hear a SHRIEK inside the house and moments later the soldiers emerge, dragging a CRYING WOMAN off the porch in the front yard. They stand her up. Somebody jams a digita thermometer in her ear. BEEP-BEEP-BEEP. BANG! They shoot her. Point blank. A battlefield execution. The guy with the FLAMETHROWER steps up and torches the body. David's anger overwhelms his judgement. He reaches for th hatch. Russell grabs his arm - no, chief. Flushed with rage, David tries to pull away, but Russell holds strong. And David's good senses returns. He backs down. But they’ doomed anyway. A SOLDIER IS HEADED OVER TO CHECK THE SILOS. He checks the first then the second, working his way towa the last one, the one they're hiding in. Panic sweeps the group. David searches for some miracle escape. Up. Down. Left. Right. There is nothing. The only exit is
82) 28) text: Testing the waters, he starts to stand up. Russell levels his gun. David nods
82) 29) dialog: Sit down.
82) 31) dialog: He'll give away our location.
83) 1) dialog: Why aren't they telling anybody what’s going on down here? David pauses, Russell’s question hanging.
84) 4) dialog: (to Judy) How come I’m not crazy yet?
84) 6) dialog: (to Judy) Besides the fact that your husband officially forbade it.
84) 8) dialog: Nah, I’m not that lucky. They walk on. Judy’s face darkens as THEIR HOUSE comes in view at the top of the field. Curtains sway in shattered windows. The cruiser, gutted by fire, smolders in the driveway. Caught up in her emotions, she dashes toward th house with David, Russell and Becca playing catch up.
87) 0) text: Judy walks away from the house to clear her head. Becca following, hoping to console. David comes up the steps pa Russell who sits at the top, wiping sweat from his brow w a handkerchief. Russell nods at the smoldering cruiser.
87) 1) dialog: Sheriff-mobile's seen better days.
96) 0) text: Judy, Becca and Russell whip around.
98) 0) text: Russell, Judy and Becca running as fast as they can.
99) 8) dialog: (seeing David's injury) Still with us?
99) 10) dialog: Just making sure. David nods okay. Judy and Becca staring in silence at the two bullet-riddled teenagers on the front lawn.
100) 0) text: House in the b.g., the group heads down the road. David a Judy share a private word about Russell who walks just ah the M-16 on his shoulder.
101) 0) text: Arrow-straight to its vanishing point. David, Judy, Becca and Russell come into view. It’s hot and getting hotter. One of those midsummer days where you feel the heat by 10 David stops abruptly.
101) 6) dialog: We fry.
102) 0) text: Through SHIMMERING HEAT WAVES we see the highway. The foursome in the distance like a mirage. Then in CLOSEUP. Damp shirts. Faces beaded with sweat. Russell takes off his shirt and walks on bare chested. Strong. Sinewy. Humming some 70’s rock song to himself. David watches him, trying to gauge his sanity. Deflects Judy's look of concern with:
107) 0) text: They exit to find RUSSELL sitting on the bumper of the Co De Ville. Pissed off, pouring sweat, M-16 across his lap.
107) 1) dialog: Guys trying to ditch me?
109) 0) text: David drives, scanning the horizon for danger. Judy doing the same from the passenger seat. Russell sits bare-chest in the back seat with Becca. Whispers to her, paranoid:
109) 1) dialog: He called to me back there?
109) 3) dialog: Loud enough to hear? Becca nods yeah.
109) 4) dialog: Then why didn’t I hear him? Judy shushes everybody.
111) 11) dialog: Holy fuck!
111) 23) dialog: Crazed, Russell keeps firing, empties the clip. Tosses th spent weapon out the window. Rolls it up again. Turning t tell David:
111) 24) dialog: I saw movement!
112) 0) text: Jumps out and runs to Becca who is dangling from the swin arm. David and Russell jump out right behind her, droppin the attackers at close range. BANG! BANG! BANG! BANG!
113) 12) dialog: Sure, they are. With a deranged smile Russell kicks the SPIKE STRIP - bur in the dirt behind the stopped wagon - across the road.
114) 0) text: A nondescript man of fifty crawls from the wreckage. Buzzcut. Shattered gasmask hanging from his face. A MILITARY INTELLIGENCE OFFICER. He's on his hands and knee bleeding from the mouth, from a gash in his hairline. Russell puts a gun to his head.
114) 1) dialog: Welcome to Marsh County. Friendliest Place on Earth. David runs up. Judy behind.
114) 29) dialog: You talked. Russell shoulders his rifle and walks off, picking up a portable MILITARY RADIO from the debris along the way. Da watches him then helps Judy to her feet. A DEAD INTELLIGENCE OFFICER IN A KANSAS CORNFIELD. Blood, sprayed across the Suburban's undercarriage, SIZZLING on hot exhaust pipe.
115) 0) text: David and Judy walk the sun-scorched highway, eyes traine Russell who walks fifty paces in front, a man to fear.
116) 0) text: Abandoned filling station. Russell crosses the lot and go inside. David and Judy arrive moments later and follow hi Tense. Moment of truth. 80.
117) 0) text: David and Judy enter. On the far wall is a cooler filled with BOTTLED WATER. Russell tosses them both a bottle.
118) 0) text: Russell, at the urinal, flushes, zips, steps to the sink where he blows his nose into his handkerchief. THE WHITE CLOTH TURNS DARK RED, FILLING WITH BLOOD. He tucks it away, seemingly unaware. Stares at himself in the cracked mirror. Dead-eyed. Sweat rivering down his cheeks. Madness.
119) 0) text: Russell exits. Sees his guns are gone. Flushing with rage he crosses to David, who has them.
119) 1) dialog: I'm gonna need those back.
119) 3) dialog: Yeah, thanks anyway. Russell reaches for them. David shakes his head, stony.
119) 5) dialog: You sure about that?
119) 8) dialog: My side? I didn't even know there was sides.
119) 10) dialog: Tell her to shut up. David gestures. Judy stops talking. Russell presses the g to David's chest.
119) 12) dialog: 
119) 13) dialog: 
119) 17) dialog: One.. (taps him again) Two... (taps him again) Three! You're waiting for the gunshot but Russell just shakes hi head in reproach. 82.
119) 18) dialog: That's how many times I saved your life.
120) 0) text: Russell, who now has all the guns, gestures down the road with his revolver.
120) 1) dialog: (e.g. ‘walk’) Out in front where I can see you. David and Judy start down the road, Russell behind them. They talk under their breath.
120) 7) dialog: Back off.
120) 9) dialog: 
120) 15) dialog: You better listen to me.
120) 19) dialog: 
120) 24) dialog: (hazy) Remember that monster catfish I caught last summer?
120) 26) dialog: (hazy) What'd he weigh, you reckon?
120) 28) dialog: (hazy) Big son of a bitch. Judy arrives, her shadow falling across Russell who sits now, semi-lucid, the suckerpunch helping clear his head.
120) 29) dialog: I'm not right, am I? David shakes his head no. Russell nods in confirmation. Unexpectedly, his voice cracks with emotion.
120) 30) dialog: Can I keep walking with you guys? Little while longer? David trades looks with Judy.
121) 0) text: They're jogging again. Russell struggling to keep up. Jud drinks from a water bottle, passes it to David. He finish it, tosses it. And before the bottle hits the ground - he grabs her and pull her into the tall grass. They peer through it. Both crouching. TWO MILITARY TRUCKS butted together form a CHECKPOINT two hundred yards down the road. SIX HEAVILY ARMED SOLDIERS I BIOSUITS. No way past. Russell arrives beside them, huffing. Sizes up the checkpoint. Indicates a route through the adjoining field
121) 1) dialog: Cut through there, you can pick up the highway on the other side.
121) 3) dialog: They'll be focusin' on me. David looks at Russell. He's offering to sacrifice himsel
121) 4) dialog: Deputy does what the sheriff tells him. You're the sheriff. Permission. David can't give it. Russell holds out his ha for a gun. 85.
121) 5) dialog: I’m done, chief, let me go out big. Moment of deliberation then David puts the revolver in Russell’s hand, making sure it's fully loaded. A beat and then he gives him the shotgun as well, pumping his last shells into the chamber. Gun in each hand, Russell eyes t checkpoint. Steeling himself. Looks at David one last tim
121) 6) dialog: Hoo-fuckin'-yah. And takes off through the field toward the checkpoint. We run with him, immersed in the sounds - the SWISHING GRASS his POUNDING STEPS, and the ROCK ANTHEM he's singing unde his breath to psych himself up ("Walk This Way"):
121) 7) dialog: Met a cheerleader was a real young bleeder oh the times I could reminisce, 'Cause the best things of lovin' with her sister and her cousin only started with a little kiss, like this... He OPENS FIRE, veering out of the field in a dead sprint the checkpoint. Takes out four of the six soldiers before they gun him down. The remaining soldiers gather around Russell's body. Davi and Judy running to safety through the opposite field.