0) 72) text: The PRIEST enters a movie house. Not very big  200 seats floor and another seventy in the balcony. Along the walls films to be shown are stuck up between the light fixtures a statue of the Virgin Mary with flowers. The CLEANING LA finished work and is leaving. Up in the balcony, over the seats, are the holes of the projection booth. The middle camouflaged by the huge head of a roaring lion, all in pl lens of the projector can be glimpsed between its sharp t there are two smaller holes, through which the figure of made out, appearing and disappearing...It is ALFREDO, the projectionist. He is around forty, skinny and bony with a peasant face. He has finished loading the projector and i carbons in the arc lamp. Then he removes the glass from o holes and looks down into the theatre, at the PRIEST who hand.
0) 75) text: He sits down an by himself in the middle of the empty the Up in the booth, ALFREDO lights the arc lamp and sets the projector going.
0) 78) text: Up above, in the hole of the booth next to the lion, ALFREDO watches the film, but his eyes keep looking down PRIEST, who is now drumming the bell with his fingers. On screen, the male and female lead, two Hollywood stars, ar close-up; the dialogue is passionate, romantic. SALVATORE carried away by those faces, by the way they talk, by the of the woman, slowly slips down the length of the curtain is sitting on the floor, his eyes glued to the screen. 
0) 80) text: Up in the booth ALFREDO hears the bell; it's the signal h waiting for. He takes a slip of paper from a pad prepared purpose and sticks it into the loops of the film containi specific scene as it winds on to the reel. The projection continues...
0) 87) text: Despite the speed, numerous white streaks spin around on created by the slips of paper ALFREDO has inserted into t is rewinding the film by hand on the film-winder. When he talking, ALFREDO usually sings to himself. SALVATORE stan him, taking in everything he does with those quick, thiev
0) 89) dialog: (Harshly, shouting) 
0) 95) text: He's used to his terrorisms, pays no more attention. Not grim look scares him. Anyway, ALFREDO catches the joke, s slap, but instead reaches over and picks up a pair of sci
0) 97) dialog: (Angrily) 
0) 102) text: ALFREDO snatches it out of his hand, furiously, at the en shouts.
0) 104) dialog: No!!! Are you deaf or something? I've  got to put this back in when we wind  up the film again! You're a real pain  in the neck! 
0) 108) text: ALFREDO is caught out. He stops the film where another sl in and cuts the scene:
0) 110) dialog: 'Cause sometimes you can't find the  right place any more and so...well,  actually...they stay here.  (Finding an excuse) 
0) 114) text: So I can have these?  (ALFREDO explodes, flies  off the handle. He grabs  SALVATORE by the shoulders  and shakes him.)
0) 116) dialog: Look, Toto! Before I kick your ass  all the way to China and back, let's  make a deal. These strips here are  yours, I give them to you. However!  One  you're not to stick your nose in  here any more. Two  I'll keep them  for you, because you can't take them  home for God forbid and save our  souls, if they catch fire, all hell  will break loose! OK? Oh!!! And now  scram! 
0) 120) text: And he stares at ALFREDO with a sly, saucy look. ALFREDO darts forth like an arrow and is about to give him a kick shrieks:
0) 122) dialog: Get out!! And don't show your face  here again! 
0) 176) text: ...the rolling pin ALFREDO uses to flatten out a reel of been unloaded. SALVATORE carefully watches ALFREDO 5 ever the projection booth, but up in the balcony, standing on seats. He peers through the hole next to the lion's head. fix in his mind the things ALFREDO does, as he loads the projector, shuts the fireproof housings, turns on the amp carbons in the arc lamp, then lowers his head to have a l and finds himself face to face with SALVATORE.
0) 178) dialog: (Sternly) 
0) 202) text: For Christ's sake! Cut it,  Alfredoooo!
0) 226) text: People come out of the movie house after the last showing The USHER locks the front door as ALFREDO climbs down fro projection booth. Among the crowd there is only one kid, Tired, half-asleep. He's seen all the showings. He starts when he catches sight of his mother standing on the oppos wrapped in an old coat. She's waiting for him, in a tempe SALVATORE drops his eyes to the ground, mortified. He kno coming. He goes over to her timidly, uncertain, gives her look.
0) 235) text: MARIA gives him a slap. SALVATORE holds back the sobs, bu his eyes brim with tears. ALFREDO and the USHER are nearb have heard everything.
0) 238) text: SALVATORE nods his head and the sobs increase. MARIA, in despair, flies off the handle, slaps him again, but looks doesn't really want to, as if deep down she forgives her escapade. ALFREDO catches on, speaks up on behalf of SALVATORE.
0) 240) dialog: Signora Maria, don't do that. He's  just a kid.  (To SALVATORE) 
0) 247) dialog: (To the USHER) 
0) 252) dialog: ...and fifty lire!  (To MARIA) 
0) 256) text: She walks away, dragging SALVATORE by the hand. ALFREDO gives him a wink. SALVATORE smiles and winks back, but he not very good at it; he can't manage to shut only one eye Everybody leaves and the square empties, as the VILLAGE I comes up to the group of labourers, beside DON VINCENZO, motioning them all to get moving.
0) 263) text: The funeral is over. The PRIEST and SALVATORE are walking to the village. ALFREDO appears out of the countryside on with a hoe and other farm tools in the basket. He comes p beside them.
0) 265) dialog: Good morning, father. It's hard on  the feet, huh?
0) 269) text: SALVATORE is about to open his mouth, wants to say someth to ALFREDO, but he doesn't have time. ALFREDO pedals hard and rides off.
0) 273) text: He limps. Throws himself to the ground as if a snake had leans over in alarm. Up ahead in the distance, ALFREDO tu
0) 279) dialog: Of course I knew your father. He was  tall, thin, pleasant, and had a  moustache like mine. Always smiling.  He looked like Clark Gable. 
0) 283) text: ALFREDO knows exactly what the little rascal is up to, an strange, theatrical tone, as if he were repeating somethi remark taken from some old film.
0) 285) dialog: 'I choose my friends for their 
0) 292) dialog: (Spluttering) 
0) 300) text: SALVATORE darts off, chased by his mother, swift as a dee ALFREDO doesn't understand what has happened, leans over LIA, who goes on bawling her eyes out, and sees on the gr the middle of the water, a flowery box all charred and st smoking, and all around scraps of film reduced to ashes a several singed photographs, the photos of SALVATORE s fat ALFREDO gets the message now, looks up at MARIA, who has caught SALVATORE and is dragging him home, hitting and slapping him all the way. SALVATORE covers his head with hands to stave off the blows. MARIA turns to ALFREDO, in stern, indignant voice.
0) 304) dialog: (Cowed) 
0) 308) text: ALFREDO is crestfallen, didn't think that SALVATORE'S cra passion for movies, could go this far.
0) 310) dialog: I give you my word, Donna Maria.  (MARIA now turns one last  time to her son.)
0) 317) text: And she beats him desperately, as if to enforce her stubb slap. This time ALFREDO doesn't step in, lets MARIA give to her rage and fury, but SALVATORE'S cries make him feel
0) 320) text: Another Sunday. A crowd of men has gathered in the square there is a loudspeaker. They are listening to the running soccer games. They check their Sisal pools coupons. NICOL ...We're at the seventh minute of the second half. Turin zero. The goal was scored by...(The scene is seen from ab peers out of the window of the projection booth. CAROSIO' soundtrack of the film being shown. ALFREDO is bored. He projector, looks through the hole...It's the last sequenc music swells to a climax as 'THE END' appears on the scre ALFREDO turns on the lights in the theatre' stops the pro through the hole, to see...)
0) 326) text: SALVATORE doesn't laugh. He is sad. He turns and looks up booth. He sees ALFREDO through the lion's mouth. ALFREDO him. SALVATORE gives him a timid wave of the hand, as if up a moment. The look on ALFREDO'S face is unmistakable, SALVATORE'S not surprised; after what happened it won't b Yet there must be some way. But what is it? As usual, SAL devil when he's out to get something. Through the emergen pass by with a packet in her hand. It is ALFREDO's WIFE, supper. SALVATORE leaps to his feet and runs out to her.
0) 331) text: ALFREDO starts up the projector. It's time for the docume cartoons. SALVATORE peers in from the top of the stairs. ALFREDO'S reaction, but pricks up his courage and shows h packet. ALFREDO sees him, is about to pounce on him...
0) 335) text: His expression betrays the 'put on'. ALFREDO sighs, reali his little games.
0) 337) dialog: (Sternly) 
0) 343) dialog: Toto, come here. 
0) 346) dialog: Now listen to what I've got to say. I  took up this profession when I  was ten years old. In those days  there weren't these modern machines.  The films were silent. The projectors  were run by hand, like this, with a  crank. And you wound the crank all  day long. It was really rough going!  If you got tired and slowed down'  boom! Everything would go up in  flames!
0) 350) dialog: (Firmly) 
0) 355) dialog: Because I'm an idiot. How many other  guys in town know how to be a  projectionist? None! Only a jerk like  me could do it. Besides I wasn't  lucky. When I was a kid there was the  war! When I grew up, another war! Now  it's all different. Times have  changed. And you want to be a dope  like me? Huh? Answer me!
0) 359) dialog: Good for you, Toto. Good for you... I'm only saying this for your own  good... (He gets up and, speaking  all the while, goes into a  closet with a bucket  in it, the toilet of the  booth. He turns his back  and pees. )
0) 363) text: But don't you like anything about  what you do?  (SALVATORE gazes at the  photos on the wall:  Keaton, Garbo, Snow  White. ALFREDO  smiles to himself. Sure,  there's something about  that damn job he likes:)
0) 365) dialog: With time...you get used to it.  Besides, when you hear from up here  that there's a full house and that  people are laughing, having fun... Then you're happy too. (ALFREDO is lost in  thought, doesn't notice  that the documentaries and cartoons have  finished. The screen is  blank. And down in the theatre laughter is not  heard but an uproar of  whistling and swearing. SALVATORE'S eyes  sparkle, he seizes the  opportunity. He turns on the lights and  stops the projector, just  as ALFREDO would have done. At which  ALFREDO buttons up his  pants in a hurry and rushes over  alarmed, but sees that  everything is in order. SALVATORE looks at him all  smiles, as if he expected  a medal for civil bravery. Instead,  ALFREDO reacts like a wild  animal.)
0) 367) text: Get out of here! I don't want to lay  eyes on you again! This is the last straw! Your mother's right,  you're crazy!! (He pushes him towards the  stairs. SALVATORE suddenly vanishes, scared out of  his wits. ALFREDO talks to  himself, in a fury:)
0) 391) text: Come in, please... (All the children turn to  look. A MAN around thirty  enters, ill at ease. The  children recognize him and  laugh mischievously. The  second is the BLACKSMITH,  the one who falls asleep  at the movies. The third  is a twenty-year-old-boy,  ANGELO. The fourth is  ALFREDO, embarrassed and  red in the face. SALVATORE  is speechless. Gives a  slightly ironic laugh.  There is a look of revenge  in his shrewd little  eyes.)
0) 394) text: TEACHERS and the PRINCIPAL moue about, checking to be sur being handed around or other forms of 'collaboration'. Th having a hard time. It can be seen on their faces. ALFRED doesn't know how to solve the problem, the calculations a looks at the desk next to him, where SALVATORE is sitting look up at him, but ALFREDO immediately looks away, too p seen. 
0) 395) text: The exchange of glances continues, grotesque, almost comi meanwhile writes down numbers and operations quite quickl it any longer, is nervous, beaded with sweat. He's sorry SALVATORE laughs up his sleeve, now he has the upper hand sneaking a look at his exercise book in order to copy som turns his back, hiding it from sight. ALFREDO tries sneak else's exercise book, but the damn kid also covers it. It conspiracy against him. ALFREDO has no way out. He has to eating humble pie. He looks at SALVATORE, motions him wit conversation of glances. He asks for help, but SALVATORE implacable. 
0) 396) text: ALFREDO tries to put it into words in a low voice.
0) 398) dialog: YOU jerk. Tell me how to solve this  fucking problem! 
0) 401) text: ALFREDO insists with his eyes. SALVATORE makes him unders that he could help him maybe, but...on one condition. He of winding the crank of the projector. ALFREDO gets the m blackmail. He rubs his hand over his sweating face, raise ceiling as if he were swearing. Then he surrenders, accep SALVATORE is serious, does not flaunt his victory, but yo He takes out a sheet of paper he had already prepared, wi problem, rolls it up into a tiny ball and as soon as the takes aim and flicks it to him. ALFREDO'S hand catches th bought message in mid-air. Their quarrel is over.
0) 404) text: A bright, lilting tune marks the rhythm of the quick, blu in a dance, the images of ALFREDO teaching SALVATORE all secrets of the projectionist trade.
0) 405) text: ALFREDO slips the reel on to the projector, unrolls the t it to SALVATORE. SALVATORE mounts the film on the sprocke Now SALVATORE sets the projector into motion, opens the s stands on tip-toe to see the screen from the hole...
0) 409) text: ALFREDO shows SALVATORE the running of the film. He point to a place on the projector.
0) 411) dialog: Pay attention. This is where it can  easily catch fire. If it happens, the first thing you've got  to do is break it off, here and here, so the whole reel doesn't  go up in fames.
0) 414) dialog: You understand which side the  gelatin's on?
0) 421) dialog: These are the shipping invoices for  the film. They are always to be kept.  You see?
0) 428) text: ALFREDO gives SALVATORE a wooden stool. He's had it made he can be high enough to reach the reels of the projector SALVATORE climbs up on it. He laughs, all excited. 
0) 430) dialog: Now you can run it by yourself. 
0) 446) text: Another farewell scene in the square. PEPPINO to his gran and mother are also there, saying goodbye to the old folk cardboard suitcases tied with string are loaded on to the black car. The scene is watched by SALVATORE and ALFREDO, the projection booth. They look like old friends. On the strains of some American musical comedy tune. 
0) 450) dialog: Who knows?...It's like an adventure.  (In a theatrical voice) 
0) 455) text: ALFREDO rubs his hand through his hair.
0) 491) dialog: It's got to be sent to another town.  And if we don't the owner of that  movie house gets pissed off.
0) 499) dialog: (Dramatically) 
0) 500) text: 'Joe! A mob doesn't think, doesn't  know what it's doing...' (SALVATORE gives him a  curious, inquisitive look.  ALFREDO smiles.)
0) 505) text: ALFREDO turns away from the window. He gives a smirk, imi American movie stars.
0) 507) dialog: You don't believe my words, but  you'll have to believe your own  eyes!...And now get your ass off  that damn stool, boy! 
0) 511) text: Trying not to put his hand in front of the lens, ALFREDO frame with the glass that protects the projection. He whe and motions SALVATORE to look...On the wall behind the pr the film picture appears gradually, reflected by the glas glass moves all the way over to the window looking out ov There it disappears. SALVATORE can barely believe his eye were a piece of magic. He takes a quick look through the the film is still showing on the screen. It is.
0) 513) dialog: (Mysteriously) 
0) 523) text: And everybody runs over to the other side of the square, of the strange new screen. ALFREDO and SALVATORE watch wi SALVATORE lays his hand on the shoulder of his great pal.
0) 532) text: Sound!!! Sound!! Alfredooooo!!
0) 534) dialog: What do you say, should we make them  happy?
0) 538) text: ALFREDO takes the loudspeaker of the monitor, rings it ov turns it around towards the square. He turns up he volume fills the square. A chorus of approval.
0) 542) dialog: (Looking at SALVATORE) 
0) 545) text: SALVATORE runs on. ALFREDO looks wistfully towards the hu square. Down in the square SALVATORE heads for the crowd, the house-front screen. Behind him, the door of the movie PRIEST, Father Adelfio, sees the film being projected on the people standing or sitting on the ground, laughing. H of his head. Then he motions over the TICKET-SELLER, whis ear. The TICKET-SELLER strides over to the shivering spec of tickets out of his pocket.
0) 556) text: The film bursts violently into flame among the gears and projector. ALFREDO is taken off-guard. He breaks the film up reel, but is unable to do it for the delivery reel. He is catching fire and pulls it out quickly, tries to stop reaching the reel in the f reproof housing. A desperate r of the fire. The flames on the floor burn his legs. ALFRE down the movement of his hands for an instant and inevita ahead, reach the upper housing. It's like an explosion. T striking him full in the face. ALFREDO doesn't have time desperately and falls to the floor. Meanwhile the flames
0) 571) text: The place is filled with smoke. The air is suffocating. S stairs, gasping for breath. The projection booth is envel ALFREDO's body on the floor, burning. SALVATORE moves qui over his shoulders, drags him by the feet over to the sta objects fall on him. Using the same blanket, he stamps ou seared ALFREDO'S clothes. With the force of desperation, down the stairs which have been reached by the smoke but ALFREDO doesn't move, his face is burnt. SALVATORE looks panic-stricken, lets out a terrified shriek, like a wound
0) 611) text: Always be careful, my boy. Don't ever  go to sleep. Be sure another accident  doesn't happen. Do everything poor  Alfredo taught you. And may God bless  you. 
0) 625) text: The same music spreads through the booth from the monitor himself. He is watching the film through the hole but str story doesn't absorb him. ALFREDO'S absence makes him ner stool he used to sit on. Il has been repainted. A voice f cabin:
0) 628) text: SALVATORE turns and at the top of the stairs sees SIGNORA ANNA and behind her, ALFREDO, her husband. He is wearing pair of dark glasses and walks with the kelp of a cane. H lost his sight, but not his spirit. He smiles:
0) 630) dialog: Any room for me in this Cinema  Paradiso? (SALVATORE runs over and  embraces him.)
0) 640) text: ALFREDO is now sitting there immobile. He listens to the SALVATORE studies the way he stares into empty space, and frightens him. There is something new in ALFREDO'S manner death and the loss of his sight had endowed him with a de and life.
0) 642) dialog: How's school?
0) 646) dialog: Don't do that...Sooner or later  you'll be left empty-handed.
0) 650) dialog: Toto, this isn't for you. For the  moment, the Cinema Paradiso needs  you, and you need the Cinema  Paradiso. But it won't last...Some  day you'll have other things  to do, more important things... (He reaches out and  touches SALVATORE'S face  to 'feel' his expression.)
0) 651) text: That's right, more important. I know  it. Now that I've lost my sight I see  more.  I see everything I didn't see  before... (As ALFREDO moves his hand  from SALVATORE's face, we  see that he is now a young  man, and that ALFREDO is  older, grayer.) 
0) 652) text: And it's all thanks to you, who saved  my life. And I'll never forget it... (SALVATORE doesn't  understand his strange  words. ALFREDO can 'feel'  he is troubled.)
0) 659) dialog: For example, at this moment the  film's out of focus. Go see. 
0) 662) dialog: (Smiling) 
0) 686) text: The house is jammed with people. Almost bursting at the s of Catene move across the screen. Tears stream down the f women. The children are unusually silent. Even the BLACKS whispers ahead of time all the lines of Nazzari and Yvonn heart. Among the crowd in the balcony there is ALFREDO an DON VINCENZO the landowner, the schoolteachers. Now the m rending. 'THE END' appears on screen. The lights go on. A din and uproar as one audience leaves and another arrives seats. Quarrels. The CARABINIERES help the USHER maintain people who want to see the film again to get up and leave
0) 787) dialog: Progress! It always arrives too late!
0) 844) text: SALVATORE has a black eye, swollen shut. He is setting up on a stool. ALFREDO is sitting in one corner. He has come He listens to the sound-track of the movie being shown. 
0) 846) dialog: Chaplin's Modern Times! Right, Toto? 
0) 850) dialog: I've shown it so many times I know it  by heart. The first time I showed  it, in 1940, was the Sunday my first  wife died. They kept it hidden from  me all day so they wouldn't have to  close down the movie house. I only  found out that night, after the last  show. Those are things you never  forget... (Changing his tone.) 
0) 851) text: So, Toto, how are these home movies  going?  (SALVATORE has switched on  the little projector and a  square of light appears on  the wall beside ALFREDO,  with the scenes shot in  town.) 
0) 855) dialog: (Whispering) 
0) 859) text: ALFREDO is concentrated, as if SALVATORE'S description tr real image to him, the colours, the forms. The railway st the wall, and the sequence of ELENA. SALVATORE does not m word, as he gazes at those blue eyes looking into the cam something funny in the boy's s11ence.
0) 861) dialog: Now what can you see?
0) 865) dialog: (Smiling) 
0) 866) text: Is there a woman?...Tell me the  truth... (SALVATORE is shamed,  uncertain, doesn't know  whet to say. A tender look  filters through ALFREDO's  dark glasses. He has  obviously caught on and  whispers:) 
0) 872) dialog: What's she like? What's she like?...
0) 876) text: He stops. Only now does he realize that he has let himsel passion, by the desire to talk about her. ALFREDO smiles,
0) 878) dialog: Eh! Love...what a mystery! (SALVATORE turns off the  projector and heaves a  deep sigh, almost of  liberation. ALFREDO'S  sympathy does him a lot of  good. It's nice to be  understood. He moves over  closer to him. ALFREDO  runs his hand through his  hair, whispers:)
0) 879) text: I understand you, Toto...The ones  with blue eyes are the most beautiful. Whatever you do, you  can't make friends with them. (SALVATORE is comforted by  the way he talks. He  didn't think it was possible to put into  words the things he has  felt since meeting ELENA. He nods his head.  ALFREDO sighs.)
0) 884) dialog: (Smiling) 
0) 948) text: Good Friday. ALFREDO comes out of his house, leaning on SALVATORE's shoulder. They go off down the street, toward church. SALVATORE has finished recounting his misadventur
0) 950) dialog: I told you, the blue-eyed ones are  the most difficult.
0) 954) dialog: Don't think about it, Toto. Don't  even try. With feelings, there's  nothing to understand. 
0) 955) text: SALVATORE gives an angry gesture. This time ALFREDO'S wor frenzy, don't help him. He moves away from him a few step
0) 956) text: ALFREDO stands there motionless in the middle of the road
0) 960) dialog: Heeey! Totooooo! Don't get pissed off  with me now! Come here! I don't  know where the fuck I have to go.  (A MAN on a bicycle almost  collides with ALFREDO.  SALVATORE fumes, goes over  to him listlessly. ALFREDO  puts his hand back on his  shoulder and they start  walking again. ALFREDO has  calmed down, but his voice  is determined.) 
0) 966) dialog: I want to make you happy, Toto! I'm  going to tell you a story.  (And he squeezes  SALVATORE'S shoulder. It's  the signal for taking a  rest. They sit in a  doorway. ALFREDO starts  telling his story, and his  way of speaking is  hypnotic, magical. With  those eyes lost in empty  space, it's as if his  thoughts and his words  came in from some other  dimension, mysterious,  hidden...) 
0) 970) dialog: That's right, Toto, right at the end?  And don't ask me what it means. If  you figure it out, let me know...
0) 975) text: Before the high altar, the Virgin Mary in tears clutches hand. And beside her is another statue  Christ descended cross. MEN and WOMEN stand in line to kiss Christ's wound sitting between the pews. SALVATORE helps ALFREDO take a moment catches sight at the far end of ELENA on her way t
0) 977) text: He leans over and whispers something into ALFREDO's ear. SALVATORE is so happy that he gives him a pat on the chee he hurries over to the PRIEST. Says something in a low vo some agitation, points to the pew where ALFREDO is sittin say he can't now, but SALVATORE insists, and wins. The PR ALFREDO, leans over. 
0) 981) dialog: (In a grave voice) 
0) 983) text: SALVATORE watches from a distance. He sees the PRIEST put expression and then sit down beside ALFREDO. Everything's to the confessional. ELENA is there, kneeling down waitin arrive. In an instant, without anyone noticing, SALVATORE confessional. He shuts the little door below and draws th the other side of grille, only a few inches away, those e all night. 
0) 998) text: Meanwhile ALFREDO and the PRIEST continue their unusual a The PRIEST is appalled, crosses himself. 
0) 1002) dialog: I know. But take the-miracle of the  loaves and fishes, for example! I  think about it a lot...How is it  possible for...
0) 1022) text: For SALVATORE, it's as if a knife had plunged straight in there gazing into her eyes, at the beauty mark on her lip through the crack sees ALFREDO and the PRIEST conversing what they're saying. And he turns back to her.
0) 1030) text: The PRIEST has meanwhile solved the problem that ALFREDO excuse.
0) 1035) dialog: (Hypocritically) 
0) 1053) text: Toasts are being prepared in SALVATORE's house. MARIA is with her daughter, LIA, then ALFREDO with his wife, ANNA. SALVATORE is the only one missing for the "family" to be The bottle of spumante and the Christmas cake are ready. on with the New Year's Eve programme.
0) 1057) text: ALFREDO has a know-all look. He tries to put her mind at
0) 1059) dialog: He had to do something for me...
0) 1073) dialog: (To Maria) 
0) 1119) dialog: (In a low voice) 
0) 1124) dialog: (Sceptically) 
0) 1200) text: Autumn has arrived. In the streets, the PEASANTS prepare for preserving the grape must. ALFREDO is sitting in fron Paradiso with SPACCAFICO and the USHER. It is a quiet mom the humming of the projector and the sound track of the f through the window of the booth. The MAILMAN stops and ha sheet of paper.
0) 1204) dialog: What is it?
0) 1241) text: The first part is now about to finish, the reel is almost isn't there. SALVATORE is extremely nervous, worried, mor with her FATHER.  He sees ELENA's face pulling away in the car. Thinks back terrible confession. He paces back and forth, as if he we thinking up solutions...The stair light finally goes on; dashes over and down the stairs to meet her. He comes dow spiral staircase and finds himself face to face with ALFR making his way up with the help of his cane. SALVATORE fr ALFREDO senses his disappointment. 
0) 1243) dialog: You weren't expecting me? 
0) 1246) text: No, Alfredo, I was coming to help  you...
0) 1248) dialog: (Smiling) 
0) 1249) text: You were expecting her? Huh?  (SALVATORE doesn't answer.  He's too worried, too  upset. ALFREDO climbs  another step, whispering.)
0) 1251) text: As usual ALFREDO'S sweetness comforts SALVATORE, indeed s bold idea, one that quiets his nervousness. He puts a han shoulder.
0) 1259) text: The second part has begun, the reel is full. For the firs years, ALFREDO is alone in the booth, sitting in front of and he feels helpless. Not only because he's blind, but a there is nothing he can do for SALVATORE. A strange agita if he were experiencing the same anxiety troubling his 'T Meanwhile, the film roll on and with it, time, minutes...
0) 1283) text: The words 'THE END' appear on the screen...and the film r projector turning uselessly. ALFREDO is alarmed. He can h finished, but doesn't know where to begin. He gropes arou little boy calls his mother when he's lost in a crowd, so
0) 1286) dialog: TotooooO! TotooooO! 
0) 1296) text: SALVATORE turns the lights on in the theatre and turns of to calm down ALFREDO, who has got to his feet, frightened
0) 1298) dialog: But where'd you go, Toto?!! 
0) 1301) text: Sit down, sit down... (ALFREDO quiets down as  SALVATORE lowers him into  a chair, and asks him the  only question upon which  his last hope depends.) 
0) 1304) dialog: No, nobody came.  (And he embraces him,  almost as if to comfort  him in his great  disappointment.)
0) 1343) text: SALVATORE goes to see ALFREDO. He is still in bed, has ju to hear his 'Toto'. He feels his forehead, his eyes and c him. 
0) 1345) dialog: You 're thinner...You can tell  you've not been treated well.  (As usual, you can't hide  anything from ALFREDO.  SALVATORE senses something  different in him that he  can't figure out, like  same wild restlessness  within). 
0) 1349) dialog: Toto, sooner or later there comes a  time when talking or keeping quiet is  the same thing. So it's better to  shut up.  (Changing his lone) 
0) 1353) text: The sea is ruffled and the air is less sultry, easier to SALVATORE and ALFREDO walk slowly along the waterfront. A slightly, holds on to SALVATORE, who is telling him somet
0) 1356) text: And they roar with laughter. They look like two old schoo other dirty jokes. They stop beside a low wall. ALFREDO k are simply a way of uselessly dancing around the countles troubling SALVATORE. And he breaks the ice, while SALVATO laughing.
0) 1358) dialog: (Seriously) 
0) 1363) dialog: It was probably meant to be like  this. Each of us has a star to  follow. So now what are you thinking  of doing? 
0) 1367) text: You remember the story of the soldier  and the princess?  (ALFREDO nods his head.) 
0) 1371) dialog: Do like the soldier, Toto! Go away!  This land is cursed.  (They are now leaning  against a boat on the  beach. ALFREDO goes on  whispering his words.) 
0) 1376) dialog: No, Toto, nobody said it. I say it!  Life's not like you saw it in the  movies. Life...is harder.  (He lays his hand on  SALVATORE'S shoulder,  gives it a hard squeeze.) 
0) 1388) text: It's the train that THIRTY YEARS EARLIER had pulled into of his home town before leaving for Rome. SALVATORE hugs MOTHER and SISTER. The moment has come to say goodbye to ALFREDO. The old man is deeply moved. A heart-rending tre comes into his husky voice. 
0) 1390) dialog: Don't come back any more, don't think  about us, don't turn round, don't  write, don't give in to nostalgia.  Forget us all. If you can't hear it  and come back, don't come looking for  me, I won't let you into the house,  you understand? 
0) 1395) dialog: Whatever you do, love it like you  loved that projection booth of the  Paradiso when you were little... (The train moves now.  Hands wave in the air,  drawing further and  further away. The PRIEST  has arrived at the last  moment and waves goodbye  from the distance.)
0) 1399) text: The figure of ALFREDO and the others can no longer be dis distant blur at the end of the track. 
0) 1443) text: SALVATORE lakes a few steps, is flabbergasted at the sigh perfectly reconstructed and preserved. It looks like a mu past. Despite the bed, the clothes in the cupboard, the b is perfectly clear that no one has ever lived in it and n MARIA senses his perturbation, remains standing in the do him alone...SALVATORE goes over to the bed, looks around camera, the projector, his documentaries, the bicycle han photographs of his favorite movie stars. But what mostly tiny framed photograph: SALVATORE as a little boy and ALF in front of the Cinema Paradiso. Strange, at that time AL he is now! It's as if he were standing there before him o impressive figure, his good-natured bur firm look, touche ALFREDO'S smiling face to...
0) 1452) text: The procession reaches the square. The dark column stands early-afternoon light. SIGNORA ANNA motions the driver an to a halt. It is ALFREDO'S last farewell to the place whe best years of his life  the Cinema Paradiso. Everyone tur SALVATORE also turns, taken by surprise...It has fallen t windows boarded shut, crumbling walls, a piece of the sig and mildew in the cracks and on the roof. The square has unrecognizable. Buildings, stores, sign boards and lines snail's pace in a deafening chorus of honking horns. And turned motorcycles. SALVATORE turns slowly to look behind crowd, and is entranced by the unexpected sight of faces once, despite the many years that have gone by:  the MAN USHER who also served as bill-poster, the CHARWOMAN, the and further on behind ROSA and ANGELO, the lovebirds who house and then got married. They all have white hair. And recognized him, give little hello nods and gestures. Anot he seems to recognize: why sure, it's SPACCAFICO, the own become! He also looks up and his eyes meet SALVATORE'S. A SALVATORE makes his way over to him through the crowd. Th heartily, without a word, both touched. The procession st
0) 1511) text: She is waiting to go across the street with a bunch of bo arm...Have the passing years had no effect on her? Or is No! It's a dream! Or is he dead too, like ALFREDO? SALVAT explain it. And he is suddenly seized by a feeling of pan the floor...As the GIRL walks off... 
0) 1696) text: My father drove me to the movie  theatre. But you weren't in the  projection booth. Only Alfredo...
0) 1707) text: In the projection booth, ALFREDO is sitting on a stool, n projector. Seen from the rear, the YOUNG ELENA is leaning beside him, she is excited, her eyes are red and swollen
0) 1710) text: So I told Alfredo how things stood  and fiat I was leaving the same  evening, and I asked him to tell you  everything. He was very kind, he  listened carefully, then... 
0) 1711) text: ALFREDO answers YOUNG ELENA, stroking her hair.
0) 1713) dialog: Easy, easy.  (Sighing) 
0) 1723) text: Alfredo, damn him! He cast his spell  on you too! 
0) 1728) text: ELENA has already said goodbye to ALFREDO, is on her way stops short. 
0) 1731) text: I thought Alfredo couldn't see me. So  I snuck back up... (She tip-toes back without  making any noise. Goes  over to the film-winder.  Takes out a pen, looks for  a scrap of paper, but  doesn't see any. Her eyes  fall on the film receipts  hanging on the nail. She  tears off the top one,  turns it over and  scribbles a message on the  back.) 
0) 1733) text: She hangs the scrap of paper back on the nail, well in si glancing at ALFREDO, who hasn't noticed a thing.
0) 1761) text: SALVATORE is sitting by the table. He has finished the cu ANNA has prepared for him. He picks up the stool, recogni the one ALFREDO had made for him as a little boy so he co the reels on the projector. 
0) 1814) text: ...SALVATORE'S hands giving a STUDIO PROJECTIONIST the ru by ALFREDO. 
0) 1834) text: It consists of all the kisses ALFREDO cut out of the film when he was a little boy. They have been spliced together other, at random, same of them even upside down. And yet rate editing job. 