0) 628) text: SALVATORE turns and at the top of the stairs sees SIGNORA ANNA and behind her, ALFREDO, her husband. He is wearing pair of dark glasses and walks with the kelp of a cane. H lost his sight, but not his spirit. He smiles:
0) 634) dialog: (to SALVATORE) 
0) 1053) text: Toasts are being prepared in SALVATORE's house. MARIA is with her daughter, LIA, then ALFREDO with his wife, ANNA. SALVATORE is the only one missing for the "family" to be The bottle of spumante and the Christmas cake are ready. on with the New Year's Eve programme.
0) 1447) text: SALVATORE is in the front row with his MOTHER, next to AL SIGNORA ANNA says in a whisper, her eyes fixed on the cof
0) 1449) dialog: He would have been happy you came,  Toto. He always talked about you.  Always! Right to the end! He was  terribly fond of you... (Tears come to her, she is  unable to say any more.  SALVATORE gives her a hug,  deeply touched by her  words.) 
0) 1452) text: The procession reaches the square. The dark column stands early-afternoon light. SIGNORA ANNA motions the driver an to a halt. It is ALFREDO'S last farewell to the place whe best years of his life  the Cinema Paradiso. Everyone tur SALVATORE also turns, taken by surprise...It has fallen t windows boarded shut, crumbling walls, a piece of the sig and mildew in the cracks and on the roof. The square has unrecognizable. Buildings, stores, sign boards and lines snail's pace in a deafening chorus of honking horns. And turned motorcycles. SALVATORE turns slowly to look behind crowd, and is entranced by the unexpected sight of faces once, despite the many years that have gone by:  the MAN USHER who also served as bill-poster, the CHARWOMAN, the and further on behind ROSA and ANGELO, the lovebirds who house and then got married. They all have white hair. And recognized him, give little hello nods and gestures. Anot he seems to recognize: why sure, it's SPACCAFICO, the own become! He also looks up and his eyes meet SALVATORE'S. A SALVATORE makes his way over to him through the crowd. Th heartily, without a word, both touched. The procession st
0) 1758) text: SIGNORA ANNA'S hands place an old wooden stool and a rust metal can on the table.
0) 1760) dialog: These are the things he left to  you...
0) 1761) text: SALVATORE is sitting by the table. He has finished the cu ANNA has prepared for him. He picks up the stool, recogni the one ALFREDO had made for him as a little boy so he co the reels on the projector. 
0) 1763) dialog: When they showed your films on  television, he was happy. He'd plop  himself down there and all his  ailments were forgotten. He knew all  the words by heart, every one, and  I'd describe what was going on. And  when the papers talked about  you, I had to read them two or three  times...
0) 1764) text: SALVATORE examines the can, wonders what it can be. He op reel of film, wrapped in a plastic bag, well preserved. T pang to his heart, and the things that ANNA said, but he if he expected to find something else.
0) 1768) dialog: No, never! One time your mother said  that if he wanted, you'd have surely  come. He got furious and said  'No,  Toto mustn't come back to Giancaldo,  never!!' He didn't say it to be mean.  He was a decent man. Who knows what  he could have been thinking? Towards  the end he'd say such strange things.  And a moment before he shut his eyes,  he told your mother not to let you  know. 