0) 831) dialog: Oh, thanks. I hadn't noticed...
0) 836) dialog: (Smiling) 
0) 837) text: Elena. My name's Elena.
0) 859) text: ALFREDO is concentrated, as if SALVATORE'S description tr real image to him, the colours, the forms. The railway st the wall, and the sequence of ELENA. SALVATORE does not m word, as he gazes at those blue eyes looking into the cam something funny in the boy's s11ence.
0) 873) text: And as other shots of ELENA appear on the screen, SALVATO only somebody in love could.
0) 879) text: I understand you, Toto...The ones  with blue eyes are the most beautiful. Whatever you do, you  can't make friends with them. (SALVATORE is comforted by  the way he talks. He  didn't think it was possible to put into  words the things he has  felt since meeting ELENA. He nods his head.  ALFREDO sighs.)
0) 892) text: ELENA crossing a street with her books under her arm. She SALVATORE doesn't stop to think twice, dashes off, runs t full of dust, another square, turns the corner, but has l He looks around in all directions  there she is! He start And finally catches up with her, all out of breath, pract speechless with emotion.
0) 896) dialog: Hi. Why are you running?
0) 899) text: Nice day, huh? (A gust of wind envelops  them in a cloud of dust  and a clap of thunder rends the air.  ELENA laughs, amused by  the blunder.)
0) 901) dialog: Yes, nice day. (SALVATORE laughs too. He  gazes at her long hair  tossed by the wind. She  turns to leave.)
0) 908) text: SALVATORE projects images of ELENA on his wall. He lies a her image.
0) 911) text: ELENA seems to be saying, Yes. As SALVATORE kisses ELENA, He is left with his face against the wall in the white li projector.
0) 930) text: That's right, Elena, you're the last  thing I think of when I go to sleep  and the first when I wake up in the  morning. And at night I always dream  of you. I know, it's not good on the  phone. But please, don't get me  wrong. Because I love you very  much...
0) 937) text: At ELENA'S house, a WOMAN who is visibly in a state is sp
0) 975) text: Before the high altar, the Virgin Mary in tears clutches hand. And beside her is another statue  Christ descended cross. MEN and WOMEN stand in line to kiss Christ's wound sitting between the pews. SALVATORE helps ALFREDO take a moment catches sight at the far end of ELENA on her way t
0) 983) text: SALVATORE watches from a distance. He sees the PRIEST put expression and then sit down beside ALFREDO. Everything's to the confessional. ELENA is there, kneeling down waitin arrive. In an instant, without anyone noticing, SALVATORE confessional. He shuts the little door below and draws th the other side of grille, only a few inches away, those e all night. 
0) 985) dialog: Father, I have sinned...
0) 990) dialog: (Surprised) 
0) 995) text: ELENA'S eyes pop in amazement.
0) 997) dialog: What are you doing here?
0) 1005) dialog: (Annoyed) 
0) 1013) text: ELENA gazes through the grille at the two shining specks bewildered by that flood of passion. At that moment, an O the other side of the confessional and her face appears b
0) 1021) dialog: Salvatore, it's awfully sweet of you.  And even though I don't know you, I  like you. But...I'm not in love with  you. 
0) 1026) dialog: For what?
0) 1041) text: Sweet poignant music accompanies SALVATORE's long waits b ELENA'S room... A warm early summer night. The last spect the streets. The VILLAGE IDIOT makes his rounds of the sq
0) 1042) text: SALVATORE is beneath her window. He waits. The shutters a but not the windows with the curtains. ELENA peers at him dark crack...
0) 1063) text: More sounds of merrymaking, coming from ELENA's house. SA sees the shadows of her parents and relatives, maybe even celebrate, welcome in the New Year. But further on, that shut. SALVATORE gazes at it again. 
0) 1087) text: Outside there is a violent thunderstorm. The pounding of rumbling of the thunder drown out the sound-track of the buckets are on the floor to catch the water dripping thro is alone. For the first time he feels he hates the profes is tearing up the calendar where he checked off the night ELENA. He tears it into a thousand pieces, as if trying t of his grief. He is so absorbed in his thoughts that he d someone has appeared at the top of the stairs and quietly now stands there watching him in silence. The thunder is is ELENA. She comes up behind him, realizes he is thinkin about her. Whispers. 
0) 1089) dialog: Salvatore...
0) 1094) text: The happiest, most vivid moments SALVATORE and ELENA spen together:
0) 1096) text: A chase through an endless field of wheat. In the projection booth. A cake with seventeen lighted ca SALVATORE and ELENA blow them out together. And then a ki
0) 1099) text: SALVATORE is driving an old beaten-up Balilla he bought f car-wrecker. ELENA sits beside him, having the time of he roar with laughter. The car jolts, moves by fits and star holes in the road, and besides SALVATORE is not such a ho fondles him.
0) 1101) dialog: (Ironically) 
0) 1105) text: He has barely finished the last sentence when the car giv sudden violent shudder. A sharp report. A cloud of white motor. And the Balilla stops dead in its tracks. ELENA an smother their wild laughter. They embrace. 
0) 1107) dialog: SO now how do we get home? 
0) 1110) text: The DRIVER slows down. The back door opens, a MAN gets ou startled look comes over ELENA's face  that man is her FA stride over in a rage. 
0) 1114) text: ELENA buries her face in her hands, so as not to see...
0) 1126) text: ELENA is sitting in one corner of the balcony with her pa her FATHER is the owner of the movie house, SPACCAFICO, w
0) 1130) text: ELENA is not very interested in the TV show. She sneaks a From the looks on their faces, it is clear that things ar He gives her a nod, as if to say he wants to speak to her figure out some way! ELENA leans over to her MOTHER, whis ear.
0) 1133) text: ELENA's MOTHER stands waiting in front of the women's toi gazing at Mike Bongiorno emceeing the TV show in the dist
0) 1134) text: Inside the toilet, ELENA is standing on the toilet seat w SALVATORE, who is standing on the 20ilet seat of the men'
0) 1135) text: Their eyes are barely able to peek over the flush tank wh uncovered. ELENA is worried.
0) 1141) text: Elena!
0) 1143) dialog: All right! !  (To Salvatore, in a  whisper) 
0) 1148) dialog: I'll write to you every day. Don't  worry. I love you. The summer'll be  over and I'll be back...
0) 1152) text: Elena! 
0) 1153) text: ELENA climbs down, pulls the chain and walks off, leaving there on the toilet seat.
0) 1169) text: ...the laughter of the Arena audience, scattered among th metal chairs. By dint of laughing, the people in one of t of chairs tip over backwards. Screams, laughs, whistles. The projection booth has a door at the back with stairs l down to the rocks. SALVATORE is sitting on the ground, ba chested, tired and sticky with sweat. He is reading a let ELENA. He is so engrossed the words can almost be read on face.
0) 1196) dialog: I got back today. You can't imagine  the excuses I had to make up to be  here...
0) 1210) text: ELENA is waiting near the University. She paces nervously forth. Glances at her watch. He's late. She looks around directions and sees him at last. He comes running up to h embrace...
0) 1212) dialog: So what'd they say?
0) 1215) text: He takes her hand, turns to go to a cafГ©. ELENA holds ba of her FATHER's car approaching. ELENA turns to look and reveals the reason for her nervousness.
0) 1217) dialog: No, Salvatore. You'd better go. It's  my father.
0) 1221) dialog: He won't be convinced, Salvatore. He  has other plans for me.
0) 1225) dialog: The son of one of his colleagues.  Don't act that way. We'll talk about  it later. Wait for me Thursday at the  Cinema Paradiso. I'll be coming with  the five o'clock bus. 
0) 1226) text: SALVATORE looks with longing as ELENA drives away with he ELENA gives him a meaningful look through the window. SAL look, but stands there motionless, with a grim expression knows how to take the treacherous blows of life. The car ELENA. Their eyes hang on the same thread. The thread of
0) 1240) text: The bus has pulled into the square but among the people g there is no sign of ELENA. SALVATORE stands nervously up projection booth, glances at his watch. It's already five come. He checks the projector. The first part has just be full of film.
0) 1241) text: The first part is now about to finish, the reel is almost isn't there. SALVATORE is extremely nervous, worried, mor with her FATHER.  He sees ELENA's face pulling away in the car. Thinks back terrible confession. He paces back and forth, as if he we thinking up solutions...The stair light finally goes on; dashes over and down the stairs to meet her. He comes dow spiral staircase and finds himself face to face with ALFR making his way up with the help of his cane. SALVATORE fr ALFREDO senses his disappointment. 
0) 1256) text: The Balilla speeds as fast as it can down the road to the family has gone to live. SALVATORE drives along in a stat idea of having to leave without seeing ELENA is his obses refuses to accept...
0) 1273) text: And in fact, there is somebody inside: ELENA's MOTHER. Sh without a word. 
0) 1502) text: The little booth, yellow with fumes, appears before him a looks like some big, empty cave. The projector is no long the equipment. Who knows where they junked them?! The onl of film strips still attached to the wall: trailers, Part endings, etc...There he had kissed ELENA for the first ti strips of film like those had grazed their faces. Now the in the coils of cobwebs. And where the film-winder once s nails remain with thousands of yellowing receipts. Of all shown at the Cinema Paradiso Palace. And three more boxfu them are on the floor. 
0) 1510) text: A man comes up to SALVATORE and asks for his autograph. T the plate-glass window overlooking the main street, where was. And like a flash, a shudder freezes him to the spot. from  him, through the glass, a stunning vision, which casts hi his blood: there before him is ELENA! But she is still yo then! Sweet, luminous, alluring, exactly the way he saw h the station. 
0) 1524) text: The old shots of ELENA getting off the train and walking look at the camera...SALVATORE is watching her again, pro wall of his room. He also watches the other shots of thos the picnic,. she at the beach, smiling, joyful...And agai understand, or doesn't want to understand. But these scen yesterday, so identical to ELENA is the girl he saw on th wound which he thought had healed years ago, starts bleed
0) 1607) text: Elena, I'm here, in the bar, across  the street from your house. 
0) 1614) text: ELENA lets the curtain drop and goes back to being a shad words.
0) 1634) text: SALVATORE stands motionless on the pier, facing the storm relieved by the roar of the waves that dispels his bitter but does not wipe out the look of suffering in his eyes. to approach behind his back. SALVATORE turns and is blind a car parked at the beginning of the pier. The splatterin a hazy cast and diffuse the glare of the flashing headlig move towards him. And SALVATORE also lakes a few timid st They are close. The car has almost stopped. But it is imp person at the wheel who now reaches over to open the othe barely heard over the raging sea. It is ELENA's voice. 
0) 1636) dialog: Salvatore! 
0) 1637) text: SALVATORE approaches, accepting the invitation, enters th door. The headlights go off and the car remains there sus sea and the harbor with its rocking boats. Inside the car figures gaze at each other, unintelligible, as if the nig further delay that meeting. The glowing reflection of a w others now lights up their faces. ELENA was right, they a of teenagers, but of people on in years who study each ot truth. The howling of the wind and the crashing of the wa ELENA and SALVATORE /rear nothing, sit glued to their sea endless gaze that envelops them. He is the first to break voice.
0) 1640) text: ELENA  I don't know how many years have gone by, but some remember. There weren't many, places you could have gone.
0) 1645) dialog: Don't be silly...I'm old. (She looks down troubled  by the way he has of  gazing into her eyes,  speaks almost mumbling her  words.) 
0) 1651) dialog: Of course I remember him. I'm sorry.  You were terribly fond of him. 
0) 1656) dialog: (Smiling) 
0) 1663) dialog: All things considered, yes. Even if  it wasn't what I dreamt of then...
0) 1666) dialog: My husband...you know him. 
0) 1671) dialog: Politics. He's the district  representative. We met at the  University in Pisa. 
0) 1675) text: The white foam of the waves splashes up over the wall of against the car windows. The shadow of the trickling wate the agony of their faces. ELENA hides her embarrassment b haughty smile.
0) 1677) dialog: I didn't want to...I had to fight  tooth and nail. But in the end I  won... (SALVATORE is unable to  smile. It's as if the void  were growing and swelling  within. Thunder and  lightning shatter the  roaring of the wind and  sea, hut it does not rain.  Now her smile Jades away.)
0) 1683) dialog: (Whispering) 
0) 1684) text: Nor have I. Even though you  disappeared... (SALVATORE is staggered,  feels as if he were  plunging into the void.  What she has said strikes  him as grotesque. ELENA  strokes his hair, as if to  restrain his sinking  heart, gives a sweet  smile.) 
0) 1691) text: Quiet rears stream down Elena's face, glisten with the re lightning and the waves.
0) 1693) dialog: I kept that date.  (SALVATORE laughs at the  absurdity of it. A  nervous, heartbroken  laugh, which slowly melts  away as she goes on to  say:) 
0) 1702) text: From the bottom of the spiral staircase, ELENA'S FATHER i yells up at the projection booth.
0) 1706) dialog: All right, Daddy!...
0) 1707) text: In the projection booth, ALFREDO is sitting on a stool, n projector. Seen from the rear, the YOUNG ELENA is leaning beside him, she is excited, her eyes are red and swollen
0) 1711) text: ALFREDO answers YOUNG ELENA, stroking her hair.
0) 1714) text: Listen carefully to what I have to  say. If you want me to tell Toto what  you've told me, I will. But if you  want my advice, forget it. It's  better for both of you if you don't  see each other... (YOUNG ELENA gives a start  of resentment, listens  with surprise.) 
0) 1720) dialog: It's the first time I've had to  chance to tell the story. I never  mentioned it to anybody. 
0) 1725) dialog: I told him I'd take his advice. But  before I went away I left you that  note... (SALVATORE gives her a  quick look, a questioning  look. He listens.) 
0) 1728) text: ELENA has already said goodbye to ALFREDO, is on her way stops short. 
0) 1736) text: ELENA finishes telling her story. She heaves a Jeep sigh.
0) 1738) dialog: But you disappeared all the same. 
0) 1745) dialog: He wasn't crazy. In the beginning I  was upset. I think I really hated  him. But then, with time, I  understood what he said...and your  silence too. 
0) 1749) text: I must have covered it with my hand,  without realizing it, that's the only  explanation... (But strangely enough,  ELENA is not surprised.) 
0) 1751) dialog: What difference does it make to find  an explanation? That's the way it  went. But Alfredo didn't betray you,  he was the only one who really  understood you. Salvatore, if you had  chosen to be with me, you'd have  never made your films. And that would  have been a pity! Because they're  wonderful, I've seen them all.  (Her eyes glitter with  joy, then she smiles,  almost ironically.) 
0) 1754) text: ELENA embraces him. They kiss with heartrending tendernes passion of their first kiss amidst the strips of film bru many years ago. And they make love, clasped in the crampe like two teenagers. Passionate kisses, embraces, deep sig damp with sweat, their hands clasping, their fingers inte frenzy subsides into a deep, tumultuous pleasure, of imme grief...As outside the wind and the waves go on rating ar seems suspended in empty space.) 
0) 1775) text: Salvatore, forgive me. I'll explain  later what happened. Not finding you  here was terrible. Unfortunately,  this evening, my mother and I are  leaving for Tuscany. We're moving  there. But you' re the only one I  love, I'll never be with anybody  else, I promise. Here's the address  of a girlfriend of mine where you  can write to me. Don't abandon me.  Love and kisses, Elena. 
0) 1779) text: ELENA stands near the window overlooking the little squar phone to SALVATORE'S voice. She can see him through the t speaking on the phone down below in the cafГ©. 
0) 1781) dialog: When are you leaving? 
0) 1785) text: ELENA interrupts him, speaks softly, tenderly.
0) 1787) dialog: No, Salvatore...there is no future.  There's only the past. Even meeting  last night was nothing but a dream, a  beautiful dream.  (Smiling) 
0) 1804) text: The echo of the explosion is also heard in ELENA'S house. And the bang distresses her, as if something had burst in to...