0) 369) text: I'm letting the box office know   you're not to set foot even into the theatre! There are no more  tickets for you! And I'm also talking to Father Adelfio! You won't  be an altar boy any more either!!! You little runt! (SALVATORE looks at him.  Hates him. Yells something  offensive:)
0) 476) text: In the balcony ANGELO is holding hands with ROSA. The curtain over the entrance is open. People are also st seeing what they can from the distance, even a corner of through the forest of heads. But the line continues on ou way to the entrance of the movie house, out in the square crowds of people, shivering from the cold, who protest, s provoking incidents. The PRIEST, Father Adelfio, is exhau calm them down.
0) 545) text: SALVATORE runs on. ALFREDO looks wistfully towards the hu square. Down in the square SALVATORE heads for the crowd, the house-front screen. Behind him, the door of the movie PRIEST, Father Adelfio, sees the film being projected on the people standing or sitting on the ground, laughing. H of his head. Then he motions over the TICKET-SELLER, whis ear. The TICKET-SELLER strides over to the shivering spec of tickets out of his pocket.
0) 594) text: The lobby is crowded with people, authorities, special gu MAYOR, FATHER ADELFIO and the new owner, CICCIO SPACCAFIC teeth. The MAYOR cuts the ribbon. Flashbulbs pop. Clappin
0) 603) text: Now FATHER ADELFIO is blessing the brand-new projection b the new projectionist: SALVATORE. He is very nervous, but possessed. His worried-looking mother is also there for t turns to SPACCAFICO. 
0) 622) text: An OLD LADY sitting next to the MAYOR, crosses herself, f SPACCAFICO chuckles. Rubs his hands: these are going to b FATHER ADELFIO gets up and stalks out of the theatre, ind never set foot in the place again. The love theme gets lo louder...
0) 976) text: She kneels down on one side, just as FATHER ADELFIO comes booth and goes to the altar to say something to the sacri light up. He has had a brainstorm. 
0) 982) text: Father Adelfio, I have a very serious  doubt that is torturing my soul. And  you've got to help me, because I've  lost all peace of mind...
0) 1704) dialog: Elena! Hurry up!! 