0) 5) text: ...That's right, good for you!  Oh!...yes...And I'm his mother. I'm calling from Sicily. Been  trying all day...Ah, he's not  there...But would you be so kind as  to give me...?...Yes... (She nods at another woman  around forty sitting  nearby: it is LIA, her  daughter, who jots down  the numbers her  mother dictates:)
0) 7) text: She hangs up, takes the number LIA has jotted down, deter another try. LIA speaks to her as if she were a baby, to
0) 9) dialog: Look, Ma...It's useless calling him.  He'll be terribly busy, God knows  where he is. Besides he might not  even remember. Do as I say, forget  it...He hasn't been here for thirty  years. You know how he is. 
0) 141) text: SALVATORE puts the photos back into the box and tucks the under LIA's cot near the charcoal burner.
0) 296) text: LIA, SALVATORE'S kid sister, is crying outside the front stricken. Her face is smeared with smoke and her little d scorched and soaking wet. MARIA is distraught, damp with tries to console her, hugging her in her arms.
0) 300) text: SALVATORE darts off, chased by his mother, swift as a dee ALFREDO doesn't understand what has happened, leans over LIA, who goes on bawling her eyes out, and sees on the gr the middle of the water, a flowery box all charred and st smoking, and all around scraps of film reduced to ashes a several singed photographs, the photos of SALVATORE s fat ALFREDO gets the message now, looks up at MARIA, who has caught SALVATORE and is dragging him home, hitting and slapping him all the way. SALVATORE covers his head with hands to stave off the blows. MARIA turns to ALFREDO, in stern, indignant voice.
0) 417) text: A shot of Amedeo Nazzari in La figlia del capitano. A jum an out-of-rack frame. The audience whistles.
0) 1053) text: Toasts are being prepared in SALVATORE's house. MARIA is with her daughter, LIA, then ALFREDO with his wife, ANNA. SALVATORE is the only one missing for the "family" to be The bottle of spumante and the Christmas cake are ready. on with the New Year's Eve programme.
0) 1084) text: But SALVATORE is not happy in these first few minutes of hurt, humiliated, rejected. He walks off amidst the old d down from the terraces. That was his last night. He's not that balcony any more.
0) 1383) text: Also LIA, his sister, feels a strange, heavy tension in t doesn't sleep. She's probably wondering where SALVATORE i hour... 
0) 1470) text: The little house is sunk in the darkness of evening and t windows are lit up. The rustling of the sea can be heard. supper. The table is set with the finest silver and the c brought out. LIA is also there with her husband, ALFIO, a FILIPPO, fifteen, and SARA, thirteen. The television is o been turned practically all the way down. SALVATORE'S pre excitement. The children look at their uncle with a certa don't really know him. 
0) 1477) text: The CHILDREN laugh. At the sight of them, LIA, ALFIO and
0) 1480) text: Watch out, don't get too familiar  with those two  (indicating the children)
0) 1489) text: Then he looks at her husband, ALFIO, he's going bald but combing over the little hair left. Who knows what their m wonders. He looks back at LIA, and it's as if she sensed guesses the nature of his thoughts, imagines what he is t blush colors her cheeks and she smiles. SALVATORE returns The ringing of a phone. SARA starts to get up to go and a stops her with a glance of the eye.
0) 1506) text: The cafe in the square has been completely renovated. The have young, unfamiliar faces. SALVATORE holds out the rec
0) 1533) text: MARIA is setting the table. LIA and her family are eating house today. SALVATORE is sitting again, with a lighted c gazing through the window at the shrubs tossing in the wi rolling sea. The air whistling through the cracks of the heaviness to the silence, like the troubled look on his f him. 
0) 1550) text: No...It's nothing to do with you.  It's just that I was scared of coming  back. Now, after all these years, I  thought I was strong, that I had  forgotten lots of things. Instead, I  find it's quite the opposite, as if I  had never left. And yet, I look at  Lia and feel as if I didn't know her,  and you, Mamma...I abandoned you,  ran away like a thief, thought only  of myself, and never gave you  an explanation...