0) 2) text: Bright light streams through the windows, glancing off th walls in an almost blinding reflection. MARIA, a woman a sixty, is trying to find somebody on the phone.
0) 4) dialog: ...Salvatore, that's right,  Salvatore. Di Vita Salvatore ...But, miss, what do you mean you  don't know him?!...I...Yes... (She gives a nervous sigh.  She has dialed her way  through endless numbers  but still hasn't managed  to speak to Mr. Di Vita. She finally heaves a  sigh of relief.)
0) 10) text: MARIA pauses to think it over. The decision she has to ma stubbornly.
0) 12) dialog: He'll remember! He'll remember!  (She puts on her glasses  and starts dialing  the number.)
0) 129) text: The house has no lights, is gloomy and cold. SALVATORE's mother, MARIA, is leaning on the table in front of him. S young, around thirty, and her pretty face is haggard, mar all the sacrifices. She is sewing some clothes, is a seam his four-year-old sister, is sleeping on a cot in one cor kerosene lamp projects the trembling shadow of the film s the wall, figures of prairies, gunslingers, thugs. SALVAT voice changes, turns even tougher.
0) 133) text: MARIA looks up at him with a sweet smile.
0) 135) dialog: He'll be back, he'll be back... You'll see. One of these days...
0) 140) dialog: It takes years to get there. And  years to come back...Now go to bed,  Toto, it's late.
0) 228) dialog: I've been looking for you all day.  Did you buy the milk?
0) 232) dialog: Then where's the money?
0) 235) text: MARIA gives him a slap. SALVATORE holds back the sobs, bu his eyes brim with tears. ALFREDO and the USHER are nearb have heard everything.
0) 237) dialog: What'd you do with the money? Go to  the movies?
0) 238) text: SALVATORE nods his head and the sobs increase. MARIA, in despair, flies off the handle, slaps him again, but looks doesn't really want to, as if deep down she forgives her escapade. ALFREDO catches on, speaks up on behalf of SALVATORE.
0) 241) text: And why are you telling fibs?  (To MARIA) 
0) 255) dialog: Thanks, Uncle Alfredo. Thanks. Good- night.
0) 296) text: LIA, SALVATORE'S kid sister, is crying outside the front stricken. Her face is smeared with smoke and her little d scorched and soaking wet. MARIA is distraught, damp with tries to console her, hugging her in her arms.
0) 298) dialog: Stop crying...The fire is out...I'm  here...That'll do, that'll do... (ALFREDO and SALVATORE  come up behind them.  SALVATORE has barely leapt  off the bicycle when his  mother sails into him like  a fury, shrieking:)
0) 300) text: SALVATORE darts off, chased by his mother, swift as a dee ALFREDO doesn't understand what has happened, leans over LIA, who goes on bawling her eyes out, and sees on the gr the middle of the water, a flowery box all charred and st smoking, and all around scraps of film reduced to ashes a several singed photographs, the photos of SALVATORE s fat ALFREDO gets the message now, looks up at MARIA, who has caught SALVATORE and is dragging him home, hitting and slapping him all the way. SALVATORE covers his head with hands to stave off the blows. MARIA turns to ALFREDO, in stern, indignant voice.
0) 302) dialog: But aren't you ashamed of yourself,  Uncle Alfredo, playing with a little  boy at your age?!
0) 307) dialog: And who gave him all those films?  Promise you won't give him any more  of this trash! Don't let him set foot  any more in the movie house. The  boy's crazy! Crazy! All he talks  about is movies and Alfredo' Alfredo  and movies!! 
0) 312) dialog: God's got to grant me one wish! Send  your father back home! And he'll see  you get what's coming to you!  (SALVATORE lowers his  hands, looks at her and  with the dreadful  sincerity of children:)
0) 316) dialog: It's not true! No! It's not true!!!  I'll show you he's coming back!
0) 317) text: And she beats him desperately, as if to enforce her stubb slap. This time ALFREDO doesn't step in, lets MARIA give to her rage and fury, but SALVATORE'S cries make him feel
0) 464) text: The hands of an OFFICIAL tear off several forms and give MARIA who is sitting in front of the desk. She is dressed SALVATORE stands beside her, holding her hand. They have bands on their arms. An empty stare in their eyes. MARIA is pale, a cold look in her sunken eyes. Her heart her breast. And a lump in her throat prevents her from sp looks at her husband's belongings, identifies them  a gol card and the photograph, the one SALVATORE saw in the new MARIA strokes it with her fingers. SALVATORE comes up and the OFFICIAL concludes:
0) 469) text: MARIA walks through the city. She holds SALVATORE by the up, trying to catch her eye. He sees her crying, in silen tears of someone who has lost the one last hope, but held seen by the child. SALVATORE presses close and puts his a They turn the corner, and walk off in the noisy city, dis war. A poster for Gone with the Wind catches SALVATORE's
0) 614) dialog: Thanks, Father. Thanks. 
0) 1053) text: Toasts are being prepared in SALVATORE's house. MARIA is with her daughter, LIA, then ALFREDO with his wife, ANNA. SALVATORE is the only one missing for the "family" to be The bottle of spumante and the Christmas cake are ready. on with the New Year's Eve programme.
0) 1055) dialog: (Nervously) 
0) 1071) text: At his house, glasses are about to be raised. There is a merriment. MARIA is unable to conceal her concern, her pr at the door, hoping to see SALVATORE appear.
0) 1080) dialog: For Toto too, here's to you!! Happy  New Year! !
0) 1081) text: Everybody echoes MARIA'S toast...
0) 1382) text: MARIA, his mother, also can't get to sleep. She knows, se on the verge of an important turning-point. But what will happen?...
0) 1413) dialog: It's Toto...I knew it...
0) 1415) text: There the yam stops and MARIA' s excited voice is heard.
0) 1424) text: MARIA is no longer wearing an apron. Mother and son are s by side at the kitchen table...
0) 1426) dialog: Lia'll be so glad to see you, you'll  see. And you won't recognize the  kids any more, they're grown up by  now. 
0) 1432) dialog: See how pretty the house is? We did  everything over. (Smiling) 
0) 1440) dialog: (Smiling, ironically) 
0) 1441) text: You shouldn't tell me that now. After  all these years!  (SALVATORE gets the  message, feels guilty.  Thinking about it, it  seems incredible that he  has never come before.  MARIA opens a door, steps  aside to let her son in,  whispers:) 
0) 1443) text: SALVATORE lakes a few steps, is flabbergasted at the sigh perfectly reconstructed and preserved. It looks like a mu past. Despite the bed, the clothes in the cupboard, the b is perfectly clear that no one has ever lived in it and n MARIA senses his perturbation, remains standing in the do him alone...SALVATORE goes over to the bed, looks around camera, the projector, his documentaries, the bicycle han photographs of his favorite movie stars. But what mostly tiny framed photograph: SALVATORE as a little boy and ALF in front of the Cinema Paradiso. Strange, at that time AL he is now! It's as if he were standing there before him o impressive figure, his good-natured bur firm look, touche ALFREDO'S smiling face to...
0) 1482) text: Everybody laughs again. Even MARIA laughs a lot. SALVATOR never seen her laugh like that, amused, at peace.
0) 1491) dialog: (To SALVATORE) 
0) 1526) text: Through the crack of the door, MARIA sees those images on rocking his head back and forth slowly, like he used to d cried. She somehow feels his grief, his bitterness, lower away without a word, as the little shiny rectangle on the empty...And SALVATORE sits there gazing at it, as if he s his camera never set down on film, only his memory. 
0) 1533) text: MARIA is setting the table. LIA and her family are eating house today. SALVATORE is sitting again, with a lighted c gazing through the window at the shrubs tossing in the wi rolling sea. The air whistling through the cracks of the heaviness to the silence, like the troubled look on his f him. 
0) 1535) dialog: What are you thinking, Toto? 
0) 1541) text: MARIA doesn't answer, but she is not troubled. An inner p quiet expression. Then she too agrees to break the rule o
0) 1543) dialog: I never had anybody. If that's what  you think...I didn't want anybody. I  always remained faithful. First to  your father, then to you, to Lia.  (With a shrug) 
0) 1545) text: And you're like me, you're too honest  and too attached to the things you love...But I don't know if that's a  good thing. Faithfulness is a bad  business. If you're faithful, you're  always alone!  (SALVATORE is immersed in  the profound truth of  those words. And he says  nothing. The silence is  broken by the ringing of  the phone. A menacing  sound, which SALVATORE  cannot bear. He knows they  are calling him from Rome,  gives a nervous gesture,  stands up and pulls out  the plug. The silence  returns, the whistling of  the wind. MARIA lowers her  eyes.) 
0) 1552) dialog: (Interrupting him) 
0) 1559) dialog: No, no...When you used to work at  the movies, I could never get to  sleep at night until you came home.  Then when you arrived, I pretended to  be asleep, but I heard all your  movements. Then when you fell asleep,  I'd get up and bolt the door. Then,  when you left, every time I did it, I  felt as if I had left somebody  outside the door, far away....  (SALVATORE listens to his  MOTHER'S words, surprised  and entranced by the  poetry of her way of  speaking...) 
0) 1628) text: A phone ringing drowns out the sound of the television an whistling outside. In the half-darkened room, MARIA picks
0) 1630) dialog: Hello?
0) 1631) text: No one answers, but she can sense the presence of someone MARIA is alarmed. Who could it be at this hour? And where