0) 14) text: ...Hello? Good morning. Could I  please speak to Mr. Salvatore Di  Vita. I'm his mother...
0) 17) text: It's late, but there is still traffic on the streets head Inside a high-powered car, a man  around fifty is driving SALVATORE Dl VITA. Elegant, just growing gray, a handsome creased by deep wrinkles. His weary expression hides the sell-assured manner of the successful self-made man. He m heavy smoker judging by the way he draws the last puffs o cigarette.
0) 18) text: He stops at a red light. He stubs out the cigarette and r window, as a little Fiat Uno pulls up alongside. A rock t blast on the radio. SALVATORE turns instinctively to have man at the wheel  a BOY with a brush cut standing straigh fashion. He studies the Boy's expression with almost exag attention, but devoid of curiosity, coldly. The GIRL sitt lots of curly hair, overripe red lips, returns SALVATORE' provocatively. The BOY notices, turns to SALVATORE in a s
0) 24) text: The apartment is luxurious, tastefully furnished. There i SALVATORE. Through the picture window on the terrace, the slumbering in the night. SALVATORE gets undressed on his moves quietly, as if to make no noise. He doesn't even tu finishes getting undressed in the pale blue glow coming f A rustling sound, a movement on the bed, the voice of a w
0) 27) text: She turns on the bedside light. It is CLARA, a young woma SALVATORE climbs in beside her under the covers, kisses h whisper.
0) 29) dialog: It's late, Clara. Sorry, but I wasn't  able to let you know I wouldn't be  corning... (He fondles her, but he is  tired, feels like  sleeping.) 
0) 35) dialog: (Surprised) 
0) 39) text: SALVATORE doesn't answer. God only knows how often he's h before.
0) 41) dialog: She phoned just to say that? 
0) 47) dialog: No. Sleep. Go to sleep.
0) 51) text: An image from over forty years before. In the baroque chu Giancaldo. SALVATORE is nine years old. Dressed as an alt is kneeling by the altar with a little silver bell in his congregation is also kneeling. The PRIEST is consecrating Little SALVATORE has just got out of bed, is still half-a and doesn't notice that the PRIEST is standing there with the air glaring at him, as if trying to tell him somethin
0) 54) text: SALVATORE finishes yawning and opening his eyes meets the withering look of the PRIEST. He gets the message at once rings the bell. Now the PRIEST can carry on, lifts the ch the bell is heard again.
0) 56) text: The service is over. The PRIEST is in the sacristy removi vestments. And SALVATORE is also there, removing his alta tunic.
0) 60) dialog: Father, at my house we don't even eat  at noon. That's why I'm always  sleepy. That's what the vet says.
0) 61) text: The PRIEST has finished disrobing. He takes the bell SALVATORE was holding during the service and turns to lea
0) 65) dialog: Can I...
0) 69) text: SALVATORE gives a shrug and leaves. The PRIEST goes down corridor, opens a door, another corridor, and finally a d leading to an outside courtyard. He cuts across it and di into another door.
0) 77) text: At the back of the theatre, behind the last row, a curtai opens a crack and SALVATORE'S gaunt little face appears. has managed to sneak in somehow and stands there without word, spellbound, watching the 'movie' on the glowing scr The credit titles have long come and gone. The story is a turning-point. 
0) 78) text: Up above, in the hole of the booth next to the lion, ALFREDO watches the film, but his eyes keep looking down PRIEST, who is now drumming the bell with his fingers. On screen, the male and female lead, two Hollywood stars, ar close-up; the dialogue is passionate, romantic. SALVATORE carried away by those faces, by the way they talk, by the of the woman, slowly slips down the length of the curtain is sitting on the floor, his eyes glued to the screen. 
0) 81) text: ...And also the kiss of the two actors. The PRIEST'S nerv those black-and-white lips meeting and now pulling apart declaration of love before separating. SALVATORE is wide- never seen a man and woman kiss before, it's a vision tha attraction of forbidden fruit, the horror of sin. The scr the figure of a woman getting undressed, showing for one voluptuous flesh of her broad, naked shoulders. SALVATORE wonder. The PRIEST, in a fury, grabs the bell and shakes From the sound of the bell to another sound...
0) 87) text: Despite the speed, numerous white streaks spin around on created by the slips of paper ALFREDO has inserted into t is rewinding the film by hand on the film-winder. When he talking, ALFREDO usually sings to himself. SALVATORE stan him, taking in everything he does with those quick, thiev
0) 93) dialog: (Overlapping him)
0) 99) text: And he snips a piece of film, pastes the ends together an handle. SALVATORE picks up the strip of film and gives it a series of frames all alike with a man kissing a woman.
0) 101) dialog: Can I have it? 
0) 105) text: SALVATORE reaches into a basket full of strips of film. H all kisses that have been cut.
0) 107) dialog: Then why didn't you put these back  when you wound up the films again? 
0) 113) dialog: (Excited) 
0) 114) text: So I can have these?  (ALFREDO explodes, flies  off the handle. He grabs  SALVATORE by the shoulders  and shakes him.)
0) 117) text: He takes him and turns him towards the stairs. For him th returns to the film-winder. SALVATORE sneaks back and whi is elsewhere, snatches up a handful of movie frames scatt stuffs them into his pocket and...
0) 119) dialog: What sort of deal is this? The strips  are mine! So why can't I come see  them? 
0) 123) text: And before the kick reaches its destination, SALVATORE ha down the spiral staircase.
0) 126) text: That was not the first theft of film strips. SALVATORE's into a flowery metal box jammed full of pieces of film. H few frames and holds them up against the kerosene lamp. G figures that remind him of the films seen at Cinema Parad whisper mangles fragments of dialogue, the shooting of gu musical climaxes...
0) 128) dialog: Bang! Bang! Bang! Shoot first, think  later! This is no job for weaklings!  Treacherous dog!
0) 129) text: The house has no lights, is gloomy and cold. SALVATORE's mother, MARIA, is leaning on the table in front of him. S young, around thirty, and her pretty face is haggard, mar all the sacrifices. She is sewing some clothes, is a seam his four-year-old sister, is sleeping on a cot in one cor kerosene lamp projects the trembling shadow of the film s the wall, figures of prairies, gunslingers, thugs. SALVAT voice changes, turns even tougher.
0) 131) dialog: Hey there, you lousy bastard, take  your hands off that gold, You black- hearted pig, stay away from me, or  I'll smash your face in!  'Ntantatah!!!... (In the heap of movie  frames there are also  several photographs.  SALVATORE picks them up.  Family keepsakes. A man in  an army uniform. Then the  same man with a girl  beside him whose smiling  face can be recognized as  MARIA. SALVATORE takes a  closer look at the man's  face, then whispers to his  mother:)
0) 136) text: But there is not much conviction written on her face. She back down at her sewing. SALVATORE goes on looking at the photos.
0) 138) dialog: I don't remember him any moreВ—Ma,  where's Russia?
0) 141) text: SALVATORE puts the photos back into the box and tucks the under LIA's cot near the charcoal burner.
0) 144) text: A noisy crowd of little children in black smocks, white c bows moves about the large courtyard where there are two trees. The boys head for one door, the girls towards the The Janitors line them up two by two, ready to enter. Her parents and relatives accompany the younger ones. Beneath palms, SALVATORE pulls off the altar-boy tunic, stuffs it khaki-colored cardboard schoolbag, takes out the smock an on, as one of his schoolmates passes by. It is MASINO, an desperately because he doesn't want to go to school. His him along, yelling:
0) 151) text: SALVATORE is sitting at the front-row desk next to PEPPIN a little freckle-faced boy. His attention, like that of t concentrated on what is taking place at the blackboard. T there, watching a plump little boy, shy and not quite all multiplication  it is NICOLA SCORSONE, known as 'COLA'. H has one purple ear and one white one. He stares in terror written on the blackboard. The TEACHER yells, waving a bi
0) 168) text: Another blow of the head on the blackboard. Hubbub. Slapping of the rod on the desk. SALVATORE secretly shows COLA the picture of a Christmas tree on one page of the b and mouths the word 'twenty-five'. COLA smiles, he has fi caught on.
0) 173) text: SALVATORE clutches his head in anger, watches the TEACHER flogging COLA on the back with the rod. COLA screams at e blow, and at every blow the laughter in the class grows l SALVATORE stares at the rod moving up and down rhythmical thinking of the pain his schoolmate is feeling, but is dr strange regular beat, finds it similar to another regular
0) 176) text: ...the rolling pin ALFREDO uses to flatten out a reel of been unloaded. SALVATORE carefully watches ALFREDO 5 ever the projection booth, but up in the balcony, standing on seats. He peers through the hole next to the lion's head. fix in his mind the things ALFREDO does, as he loads the projector, shuts the fireproof housings, turns on the amp carbons in the arc lamp, then lowers his head to have a l and finds himself face to face with SALVATORE.
0) 181) dialog: I bought a ticket. I've come to see  the film. (Meanwhile the USHER comes  up behind him and grabs  him by the collar, and he  almost jumps out of his  skin. ALFREDO laughs.)
0) 186) text: SALVATORE has run downstairs. The main floor is more crowded than the balcony, like every Sunday, and there is selling ice-cream, soda pop and candy shouts and runs around like a chicken with its head off. Now the lig the hubbub dies down and the performance starts. Before t there is a preview for Stagecoach. The screen fills with the pursuit of the stagecoach by hostile Indians etc...
0) 187) text: SALVATORE is sitting in the front rows, right under the s next to BOCCIA, COLA, MASINO, PEPPINO and OTHER KIDS, all the air. BOCCIA, the biggest show off of the group, is sm OLD MAN appears through the entrance curtain, takes a cou shouts:)
0) 203) text: The CHILDREN in the front rows also yell, but SALVATORE g on being alert. He turns and looks up at the holes of the booth, as if it were an impregnable fortress. He watches dancing of light in the glowing stream that opens towards cone. And besides, that lion's head, mysterious, almost g emphasizes the enigmatic secret of the movies. In his dre that lifeless lion seems to wake up with a ferocious roar
0) 204) text: SALVATORE has a frightened look...Another lion roaring. B The MGM lion. The throng of children imitate the famous g shaking their heads in unison.
0) 212) text: Now there is an important sequence. The audience is silen screen. BOCCIA passes the lighted cigarette to SALVATORE. hands it on to the others without ever taking his eyes of beautiful star of the film appears on screen. A different takes hold of the excited audience. SALVATORE and the oth open mouths...She leans towards the leading man, a langui profiles touch. But all at once, just at the best part, t
0) 217) text: SALVATORE is the only one to laugh to himself. He knows w
0) 226) text: People come out of the movie house after the last showing The USHER locks the front door as ALFREDO climbs down fro projection booth. Among the crowd there is only one kid, Tired, half-asleep. He's seen all the showings. He starts when he catches sight of his mother standing on the oppos wrapped in an old coat. She's waiting for him, in a tempe SALVATORE drops his eyes to the ground, mortified. He kno coming. He goes over to her timidly, uncertain, gives her look.
0) 230) dialog: No...
0) 234) dialog: Somebody stole it.
0) 235) text: MARIA gives him a slap. SALVATORE holds back the sobs, bu his eyes brim with tears. ALFREDO and the USHER are nearb have heard everything.
0) 238) text: SALVATORE nods his head and the sobs increase. MARIA, in despair, flies off the handle, slaps him again, but looks doesn't really want to, as if deep down she forgives her escapade. ALFREDO catches on, speaks up on behalf of SALVATORE.
0) 242) text: We let him in free. He must have lost  the money inside the movie theatre... (SALVATORE stares at him  in amazement, goes on  listening to him.)
0) 245) dialog: Fifty lire... (MARIA wipes away his tears.)
0) 256) text: She walks away, dragging SALVATORE by the hand. ALFREDO gives him a wink. SALVATORE smiles and winks back, but he not very good at it; he can't manage to shut only one eye Everybody leaves and the square empties, as the VILLAGE I comes up to the group of labourers, beside DON VINCENZO, motioning them all to get moving.
0) 261) text: SALVATORE, dressed as an altar boy, walks alongside the P who is wearing the ceremonial vestments. They are tired, a long way. Behind them a donkey pulls a wagon containing white coffin and a bunch of flowers. Behind that a little parents and relatives of the dead child. The road is very with white earth. The spring sun is dazzling. The funeral kicks up a cloud of dust that makes everything blurred an dream, rimmed around the horizon by the blue line of the procession now turns into the large gate of the cemetery. working in the fields, takes his hat off and watches the
0) 263) text: The funeral is over. The PRIEST and SALVATORE are walking to the village. ALFREDO appears out of the countryside on with a hoe and other farm tools in the basket. He comes p beside them.
0) 269) text: SALVATORE is about to open his mouth, wants to say someth to ALFREDO, but he doesn't have time. ALFREDO pedals hard and rides off.
0) 270) text: SALVATORE is crestfallen. He looks et the PRIEST, then at away. His eyes light up  an idea! He suddenly yells:
0) 272) dialog: Ouch! Ouch! My foot! I can't walk!
0) 275) text: There is a smile on SALVATORE'S face. He is riding on the bicycle. On their way back lo the village.
0) 277) dialog: Alfredo, did you know my father?
0) 280) text: There's something SALVATORE wants to talk about, but he d start. He has a try with an innocent stratagem.
0) 282) dialog: Alfredo, now that I'm older, I'm not  saying I can start coming to the  projection booth, to the movie  house...But...maybe, why don't we  become friends? 
0) 289) dialog: (Surprised) 
0) 296) text: LIA, SALVATORE'S kid sister, is crying outside the front stricken. Her face is smeared with smoke and her little d scorched and soaking wet. MARIA is distraught, damp with tries to console her, hugging her in her arms.
0) 300) text: SALVATORE darts off, chased by his mother, swift as a dee ALFREDO doesn't understand what has happened, leans over LIA, who goes on bawling her eyes out, and sees on the gr the middle of the water, a flowery box all charred and st smoking, and all around scraps of film reduced to ashes a several singed photographs, the photos of SALVATORE s fat ALFREDO gets the message now, looks up at MARIA, who has caught SALVATORE and is dragging him home, hitting and slapping him all the way. SALVATORE covers his head with hands to stave off the blows. MARIA turns to ALFREDO, in stern, indignant voice.
0) 308) text: ALFREDO is crestfallen, didn't think that SALVATORE'S cra passion for movies, could go this far.
0) 314) dialog: Daddy's not coming back...He's dead.  (An icy flash runs through  MARIA'S eyes.)
0) 317) text: And she beats him desperately, as if to enforce her stubb slap. This time ALFREDO doesn't step in, lets MARIA give to her rage and fury, but SALVATORE'S cries make him feel
0) 326) text: SALVATORE doesn't laugh. He is sad. He turns and looks up booth. He sees ALFREDO through the lion's mouth. ALFREDO him. SALVATORE gives him a timid wave of the hand, as if up a moment. The look on ALFREDO'S face is unmistakable, SALVATORE'S not surprised; after what happened it won't b Yet there must be some way. But what is it? As usual, SAL devil when he's out to get something. Through the emergen pass by with a packet in her hand. It is ALFREDO's WIFE, supper. SALVATORE leaps to his feet and runs out to her.
0) 328) dialog: Signora Anna!
0) 331) text: ALFREDO starts up the projector. It's time for the docume cartoons. SALVATORE peers in from the top of the stairs. ALFREDO'S reaction, but pricks up his courage and shows h packet. ALFREDO sees him, is about to pounce on him...
0) 333) dialog: (On the defensive) 
0) 341) dialog: I told my mother you weren't the one  who gave me the films. That it  wasn't your fault. But I thought you  said the film could catch fire just  to scare me. Now that I know, I won't  steal any more from you. That's all I  wanted to say. I'm going.  (He turns to leave but  ALFREDO takes him by the  shoulder and stops  him.)
0) 344) text: All things considered, there is something in that little feverish passion, that strikes him. He'll talk to him ser resorting to terrorism, try to convince him. He lowers th monitor, sits down on the stool. SALVATORE raises his eye looks at him at last...
0) 348) dialog: Then why don't you want to teach it  to me too? Now that there's no more  cranking, and it's easier?
0) 353) dialog: Then why don't you change jobs?  (ALFREDO sighs, irritated.  He reaches out to turn the  knob of the carbon rods.  He gazes at SALVATORE as  if he were a grown-up,  somebody who's making  things hard for him.)
0) 357) dialog: No...
0) 360) text: Cooped up in here you die of heat in  the summer and of cold in the winter.  You breathe in smoke, gas fumes, and  earn practically nothing.  (SALVATORE listens to  him, but taking advantage  of the fact he can't be  seen, he turns the knob of  the carbon rods, just as  he had seen done a moment  before...)
0) 362) dialog: (In a loud voice) 
0) 363) text: But don't you like anything about  what you do?  (SALVATORE gazes at the  photos on the wall:  Keaton, Garbo, Snow  White. ALFREDO  smiles to himself. Sure,  there's something about  that damn job he likes:)
0) 366) text: So I've been wasting my breath? You  pretend to agree with me, but as soon as my back is turned,  you do what you want! (He gives SALVATORE a kick  in the ass, shrieking:)
0) 367) text: Get out of here! I don't want to lay  eyes on you again! This is the last straw! Your mother's right,  you're crazy!! (He pushes him towards the  stairs. SALVATORE suddenly vanishes, scared out of  his wits. ALFREDO talks to  himself, in a fury:)
0) 368) text: But how'd he do it? The little  bastard! By watching, he's learned! It's incredible! (He peers out of the  window, yelling, as he  sees SALVATORE running through the  square. )
0) 369) text: I'm letting the box office know   you're not to set foot even into the theatre! There are no more  tickets for you! And I'm also talking to Father Adelfio! You won't  be an altar boy any more either!!! You little runt! (SALVATORE looks at him.  Hates him. Yells something  offensive:)
0) 371) dialog: Alfredo, go fuck yourself!!!  (But his words are drowned  out by the sudden shouting  of the people outside the  cafГ©.)
0) 391) text: Come in, please... (All the children turn to  look. A MAN around thirty  enters, ill at ease. The  children recognize him and  laugh mischievously. The  second is the BLACKSMITH,  the one who falls asleep  at the movies. The third  is a twenty-year-old-boy,  ANGELO. The fourth is  ALFREDO, embarrassed and  red in the face. SALVATORE  is speechless. Gives a  slightly ironic laugh.  There is a look of revenge  in his shrewd little  eyes.)
0) 394) text: TEACHERS and the PRINCIPAL moue about, checking to be sur being handed around or other forms of 'collaboration'. Th having a hard time. It can be seen on their faces. ALFRED doesn't know how to solve the problem, the calculations a looks at the desk next to him, where SALVATORE is sitting look up at him, but ALFREDO immediately looks away, too p seen. 
0) 395) text: The exchange of glances continues, grotesque, almost comi meanwhile writes down numbers and operations quite quickl it any longer, is nervous, beaded with sweat. He's sorry SALVATORE laughs up his sleeve, now he has the upper hand sneaking a look at his exercise book in order to copy som turns his back, hiding it from sight. ALFREDO tries sneak else's exercise book, but the damn kid also covers it. It conspiracy against him. ALFREDO has no way out. He has to eating humble pie. He looks at SALVATORE, motions him wit conversation of glances. He asks for help, but SALVATORE implacable. 
0) 401) text: ALFREDO insists with his eyes. SALVATORE makes him unders that he could help him maybe, but...on one condition. He of winding the crank of the projector. ALFREDO gets the m blackmail. He rubs his hand over his sweating face, raise ceiling as if he were swearing. Then he surrenders, accep SALVATORE is serious, does not flaunt his victory, but yo He takes out a sheet of paper he had already prepared, wi problem, rolls it up into a tiny ball and as soon as the takes aim and flicks it to him. ALFREDO'S hand catches th bought message in mid-air. Their quarrel is over.
0) 404) text: A bright, lilting tune marks the rhythm of the quick, blu in a dance, the images of ALFREDO teaching SALVATORE all secrets of the projectionist trade.
0) 405) text: ALFREDO slips the reel on to the projector, unrolls the t it to SALVATORE. SALVATORE mounts the film on the sprocke Now SALVATORE sets the projector into motion, opens the s stands on tip-toe to see the screen from the hole...
0) 409) text: ALFREDO shows SALVATORE the running of the film. He point to a place on the projector.
0) 412) text: On the screen, a shot from Riso amaro. A kiss. Unrelentin bell. SALVATORE licks the film on one side, then on the o
0) 416) dialog: It tastes wonderful!
0) 423) dialog: OK, Alfredo.
0) 428) text: ALFREDO gives SALVATORE a wooden stool. He's had it made he can be high enough to reach the reels of the projector SALVATORE climbs up on it. He laughs, all excited. 
0) 431) text: SALVATORE gives another smile. He is posing in a photogra all dressed up for first communion, holding a white lily. like lightning during a storm. Now SALVATORE is posing ne little sister. They smile without hugging. Another flash
0) 438) text: But there is not a cheerful atmosphere in the class - on contrary, a strange silence. The pupils are all standing teacher's desk, having received their end-of-the-year rep PEPPINO, who shared SALVATORE s desk, is saying goodbye t his schoolmates. BOCCIA, COLA, the others. They have seri sad expressions. He and SALVATORE kiss like grown-ups. Th TEACHER is standing among them. One of the schoolmates do not respond lo PEPPINO's goodbye gesture. He takes a few back, serious, scared, his eyes lowered.
0) 446) text: Another farewell scene in the square. PEPPINO to his gran and mother are also there, saying goodbye to the old folk cardboard suitcases tied with string are loaded on to the black car. The scene is watched by SALVATORE and ALFREDO, the projection booth. They look like old friends. On the strains of some American musical comedy tune. 
0) 448) dialog: Will they really find work in  Germany? 
0) 451) text: Hope springs eternal... (PEPPINO from the distance  gives one last wave at the  window of the  projection booth.  SALVATORE waves back.) 
0) 453) dialog: Peppinoooo! Come back sooon!!  (The black car drives off,  leaving a cloud of dust  that envelops the  suppressed sobs of the  grandparents standing  there waving          handkerchiefs. SALVATORE  watches the car drive off.  He mumbles:) 
0) 458) text: The lion's head with the beam of light, seen from the bal SALVATORE'S face appears in the hole beside it, as he pee images of the Settimana Incom newsreel. The audience is distracted. The snoring of a man sleeping A pair of urchins pick up a cockroach with their hands, t aisle. The sleeping man is the same old BLACKSMITH, with thrown back. A little hand drops the cockroach into the g The URCHINS take to their heels. The BLACKSMITH squirms, with a start. Spits, while everybody laughs. The newsreel missing soldiers in Russia.
0) 461) text: SALVATORE pays careful attention, sees the black-and-whit shots of the last war. The Russian campaign. The troops i snow. Now in detail a heap of personal objects found on t corpses. Documents, clothing, glasses, photographs. One q detail catches SALVATORE's eye  among those photographs, instant he sees one he thinks he recognizes. He quickly s into the take-up reel, as when marking the kisses to be c
0) 464) text: The hands of an OFFICIAL tear off several forms and give MARIA who is sitting in front of the desk. She is dressed SALVATORE stands beside her, holding her hand. They have bands on their arms. An empty stare in their eyes. MARIA is pale, a cold look in her sunken eyes. Her heart her breast. And a lump in her throat prevents her from sp looks at her husband's belongings, identifies them  a gol card and the photograph, the one SALVATORE saw in the new MARIA strokes it with her fingers. SALVATORE comes up and the OFFICIAL concludes:
0) 469) text: MARIA walks through the city. She holds SALVATORE by the up, trying to catch her eye. He sees her crying, in silen tears of someone who has lost the one last hope, but held seen by the child. SALVATORE presses close and puts his a They turn the corner, and walk off in the noisy city, dis war. A poster for Gone with the Wind catches SALVATORE's
0) 489) dialog: Why can't we show the same film  tomorrow?
0) 493) dialog: Too bad!
0) 500) text: 'Joe! A mob doesn't think, doesn't  know what it's doing...' (SALVATORE gives him a  curious, inquisitive look.  ALFREDO smiles.)
0) 502) text: What'd you say if we let these poor  devils see the film, Toto?  (SALVATORE stares at him  in amazement, all  excited.) 
0) 504) dialog: Wonderful! But how can it be done? 
0) 508) text: SALVATORE laughs, eagerly, as if he were about to see a w climbs off the stool. Both of them move towards the proje
0) 511) text: Trying not to put his hand in front of the lens, ALFREDO frame with the glass that protects the projection. He whe and motions SALVATORE to look...On the wall behind the pr the film picture appears gradually, reflected by the glas glass moves all the way over to the window looking out ov There it disappears. SALVATORE can barely believe his eye were a piece of magic. He takes a quick look through the the film is still showing on the screen. It is.
0) 515) text: SALVATORE goes over to the window. Looks out. The reflect beam of light ends up on the white row of houses facing t square. It's like another screen. Except the images are backwards, like when you look in a mirror. And here and t are the windows of the houses...For SALVATORE, it's a wonderful spectacle, like a dream, ravishing.
0) 517) dialog: Alfredo, it's beautiful. (A voice is heard in the  crowd of people jammed  around the entrance to the  movie house.)
0) 523) text: And everybody runs over to the other side of the square, of the strange new screen. ALFREDO and SALVATORE watch wi SALVATORE lays his hand on the shoulder of his great pal.
0) 525) dialog: Good for you, Alfredo! 
0) 536) dialog: (Smiling) 
0) 543) text: Do you want to go down there?  (SALVATORE gives a  contented nod.) 
0) 545) text: SALVATORE runs on. ALFREDO looks wistfully towards the hu square. Down in the square SALVATORE heads for the crowd, the house-front screen. Behind him, the door of the movie PRIEST, Father Adelfio, sees the film being projected on the people standing or sitting on the ground, laughing. H of his head. Then he motions over the TICKET-SELLER, whis ear. The TICKET-SELLER strides over to the shivering spec of tickets out of his pocket.
0) 553) text: The crowd roars with laughter. SALVATORE laughs too, as i all. And over the general merriment looms the shadow of A window of the projection booth. All at once, on the house image of Toto slows down for an instant, a white blister until it fills the whole screen. The crowd gives a start fear. SALVATORE jerks his head around to look at the boot
0) 559) text: The flash of the flames flares up in the windows of the p SALVATORE is appalled, elbows his way through the moving  crowd. Inside the movie house the murmuring of the audien growing louder and louder. A scream...
0) 568) text: In the general panic, SALVATORE tries in vain to get insi towards the street with the stairs leading to the project clashes against him, knocks him to the ground, almost tra He is suddenly seized by a superhuman force; gets up, cla ahead, with people falling on top of him and to the floor starts up the stairs...
0) 571) text: The place is filled with smoke. The air is suffocating. S stairs, gasping for breath. The projection booth is envel ALFREDO's body on the floor, burning. SALVATORE moves qui over his shoulders, drags him by the feet over to the sta objects fall on him. Using the same blanket, he stamps ou seared ALFREDO'S clothes. With the force of desperation, down the stairs which have been reached by the smoke but ALFREDO doesn't move, his face is burnt. SALVATORE looks panic-stricken, lets out a terrified shriek, like a wound
0) 573) dialog: Alfredo! Heeeelp! Help!!!
0) 603) text: Now FATHER ADELFIO is blessing the brand-new projection b the new projectionist: SALVATORE. He is very nervous, but possessed. His worried-looking mother is also there for t turns to SPACCAFICO. 
0) 612) text: SALVATORE nods his head seriously, assuming a responsible mother kisses the PRIEST's hand.
0) 619) text: Laughter. The laughter of the large audience at the first inauguration film. Among the spectators, SALVATORE'S moth sister, El A. Up on the screen, a man and a woman kiss. T has been seen at the Cinema Paradiso. The audience murmur excited.
0) 628) text: SALVATORE turns and at the top of the stairs sees SIGNORA ANNA and behind her, ALFREDO, her husband. He is wearing pair of dark glasses and walks with the kelp of a cane. H lost his sight, but not his spirit. He smiles:
0) 632) dialog: Come in, Alfredo.
0) 637) dialog: Yes. Signora Anna.  (To ALFREDO) 
0) 640) text: ALFREDO is now sitting there immobile. He listens to the SALVATORE studies the way he stares into empty space, and frightens him. There is something new in ALFREDO'S manner death and the loss of his sight had endowed him with a de and life.
0) 644) dialog: OK. OK. But now that I've got a job,  I'11 probably stop going...
0) 648) dialog: Why? What do you mean?
0) 651) text: That's right, more important. I know  it. Now that I've lost my sight I see  more.  I see everything I didn't see  before... (As ALFREDO moves his hand  from SALVATORE's face, we  see that he is now a young  man, and that ALFREDO is  older, grayer.) 
0) 652) text: And it's all thanks to you, who saved  my life. And I'll never forget it... (SALVATORE doesn't  understand his strange  words. ALFREDO can 'feel'  he is troubled.)
0) 654) text: And he gives a joking smile. SALVATORE is curious, expect tricks.
0) 656) dialog: (Smiling) 
0) 660) text: SALVATORE stands up in disbelief. He looks through the ho is out of focus. He puts it back into focus, flabbergaste
0) 671) text: SPACCAFICO AND SALVATORE are now outside the cafГ©, head front of the movie house, the CHARWOMAN is at work. SPACC lights two cigarettes without noticing it. SALVATORE is t in his mind.
0) 673) dialog: Don Ciccio, I've got an idea...You  remember that old abandoned movie  house where they're supposed to build  those low-rent houses?
0) 677) dialog: The projector's all rusty, but I  could fix it in two or three days.  Give the place a good cleaning, put  in some seats and bring in a  projectionist and we'll show Catene  in two houses.
0) 681) text: A shrewd look glitters in SALVATORE s eyes. He smiles.
0) 683) dialog: Who says we need two copies?
0) 696) dialog: Now get running and bring me the  first reel. Meanwhile I'll start  showing the news! 
0) 707) text: BOCCIA heads back to the Cinema Paradiso, to take the fir SPACCAFICO dashes up the stairs, and hands the sack to a door, through which the bare projection booth can be seen which SALVATORE has put back into working order. SPACCAFI
0) 732) text: In the booth, the projector is turned off. SALVATORE look out of the window...at the square. But not a sign of BOCC peers in through one of the holes.
0) 736) dialog: What can I do?
0) 761) text: SALVATORE has got himself a bicycle and is going off to l BOCCIA. He pedals fast, turns into the country short cut. around  not a sign of Boccia. By now it is dark. He sees a farmhouse, calls out to him. 
0) 763) dialog: Boccia! Boccia! 
0) 764) text: SALVATORE rides on. Now he's in the open country. All of hear something. He stops. Pricks up his ears. It's a sort figure out if it's an animal or a man. He turns on the fl along. Takes a closer look around. 
0) 767) dialog: (Alarmed) 
0) 768) text: Boccia, what's wrong?  (He runs over to help his  friend. Behind the bush he  discovers BOCCIA humped up  between the legs of  TERESA, a prostitute. He  moves with all the fury  of his young years.  SALVATORE has never seen  people making love before  and is speechless.)
0) 775) text: With a confused look on his face, SALVATORE picks up the looking over his shoulder at the couple who go on tossing frantically.
0) 776) text: BOCCIA lets out a shriek of pleasure that rings through t SALVATORE pedals off like a madman and disappears into th
0) 780) text: A scene from a horror film. The frightened faces of the a corner, the door of the men's toilet opens and a MAN with out, followed by TERESA, who motions another one to come booth, SALVATORE is eating the meal his mother has brough
0) 782) text: SALVATORE'S hand holds a lighted match under a piece of f horrified eyes of SPACCAFICO and the USHER, and the puzzl
0) 785) dialog: What'd I tell you? It doesn't catch  fire! 
0) 804) text: Slow pan along the walls of the theatre, the empty aisles discovers SALVATORE on the floor between the seats with TERESA, the prostitute who has already been seen. SALVATO making love for the first time in his life. He is awkward clumsy. There is an uncertain look in his eyes, his livid dripping with sweat.
0) 807) text: Ah!!! There, now you're a real man! A  man! ? A real calf! (SALVATORE's panting  slackens into a deep sigh  of pleasure.)
0) 810) text: The blade of a knife, clutched in a hardened hand. A blow falls like a dead weight to the ground...SALVATORE photog the throes of death with his 8mm movie camera. As well as who now bleed and skin it quickly. In the vast slaughter- the men and animals mingle together.
0) 811) text: SALVATORE'S eye is quick to catch the most unexpected exp people. His movie camera is always ready, like a hunter's shooting...
0) 814) text: At the railroad station: the nervous excitement of the pe platforms. SALVATORE pans his camera on to TWO MEN fighti train comes in between. Salvatore follows the train, pans train stops. 
0) 815) text: -A door opens and the passengers climb out. Several TRADE group of commuting STUDENTS, the TICKET-COLLECTOR, a dist COUPLE and lastly, a GIRL who stops in the middle of the is immediately attracted by her face. He goes on shooting moment. He follows her through the lens. She is very beau sixteen, a simple, sweet face, blue eyes. She is certainl distinguished looking COUPLE who got off just before she moves off down the platform. Salvatore follows the girl's hypnotized. Now she passes by him, turns towards him for trying to figure out where he is aiming that funny-lookin smiles at her, entranced.
0) 818) text: The JANITOR is ringing the bell. In the courtyard, on the the gate, the STUDENTS prepare to enter. SALVATORE is wit of schoolmates, including BOCCIA. And they all stare, wid the GIRL from the station. She has her books under her ar walking by herself.
0) 820) dialog: You know that one there?
0) 827) text: All at once, BOCCIA and SALVATORE notice that the GIRL dr her lunch without noticing as she is about to enter the s fly off, swift as arrows. It's a chance not to be missed. the quicker, is already in the lead. SALVATORE gives an a gesture. A flash come into his eyes, the same flash he ha boy when he finds the right way to hit home. He picks up trips BOCCIA and brings him to the ground. He pounces on and lets go with his fist. He starts running again. Picks bundle off the ground. Catches up with the GIRL from the station, nervous and inexperienced, but polite.
0) 828) dialog: Look, you dropped this.
0) 832) text: She takes the bundle as SALVATORE touches her hand delica
0) 834) dialog: My name's Salvatore...And yours?
0) 838) text: SALVATORE is very flustered. He feels as if all his blood throbbing in his head. He tries to say something else, bu catch in his throat.
0) 840) dialog: I...I...The other time at the  station.
0) 844) text: SALVATORE has a black eye, swollen shut. He is setting up on a stool. ALFREDO is sitting in one corner. He has come He listens to the sound-track of the movie being shown. 
0) 848) dialog: That's right, Modern Times. 
0) 851) text: So, Toto, how are these home movies  going?  (SALVATORE has switched on  the little projector and a  square of light appears on  the wall beside ALFREDO,  with the scenes shot in  town.) 
0) 853) dialog: Yes.  (The shots of the  slaughter-house have  appeared.) 
0) 858) dialog: It's people in the slaughter-house  killing a calf. There's blood all  over the floor, like a lake. And  through this lake another calf passes  by on its way to die. 
0) 859) text: ALFREDO is concentrated, as if SALVATORE'S description tr real image to him, the colours, the forms. The railway st the wall, and the sequence of ELENA. SALVATORE does not m word, as he gazes at those blue eyes looking into the cam something funny in the boy's s11ence.
0) 863) dialog: Nothing, there's nothing. It's all  out of focus.
0) 866) text: Is there a woman?...Tell me the  truth... (SALVATORE is shamed,  uncertain, doesn't know  whet to say. A tender look  filters through ALFREDO's  dark glasses. He has  obviously caught on and  whispers:) 
0) 868) text: SALVATORE is forced to admit it, with a sigh.
0) 870) dialog: Yes, it's a girl I saw at the  station.
0) 875) dialog: She's nice. My age...Slender, with  long hair, brunette. She had big blue  eyes, a simple expression and a  little beauty mark on her lip, but  really tiny. You can only see it  close-up. And when she smiles...She  makes you feel...
0) 879) text: I understand you, Toto...The ones  with blue eyes are the most beautiful. Whatever you do, you  can't make friends with them. (SALVATORE is comforted by  the way he talks. He  didn't think it was possible to put into  words the things he has  felt since meeting ELENA. He nods his head.  ALFREDO sighs.)
0) 880) text: Eh, there's nothing to be done about  it! The heavier a man is, the deeper his footprints. And if  he's in love, he suffers, because he knows he's up a one-way  street. Because love is a meaningless thing when a man gets it  into his head to do what he wants... (SALVATORE is touched by  his sensitivity, by his  intense, passionate, sweet  way of speaking.)
0) 882) dialog: What you say is wonderful! But sad...
0) 886) text: SALVATORE suddenly changes expression, as if discovering of.
0) 888) dialog: Stinking two-timer!!  (And they burst out  laughing.)
0) 891) text: A grey, windy day. It is opening-time and the shutters of house are being rolled up. SALVATORE is about to enter th small door of the spiral staircase, when in the distance of...
0) 892) text: ELENA crossing a street with her books under her arm. She SALVATORE doesn't stop to think twice, dashes off, runs t full of dust, another square, turns the corner, but has l He looks around in all directions  there she is! He start And finally catches up with her, all out of breath, pract speechless with emotion.
0) 894) dialog: Hi, Elena!
0) 898) dialog: No particular reason... (He is entranced by her  eyes. He wants to tell her  all sorts of things, say all the words  he has memorized a  thousand times. But now he can't get them out.  His knees tremble. He does  his best to overcome his confusion,  but all that comes out  is:)
0) 904) dialog: Bye-bye, Elena. (ELENA walks away. And  SALVATORE also turns to  leave. Only now is he  seized by disappointment,   regret at not having made the best of the  opportunity. He talks to  himself.)
0) 908) text: SALVATORE projects images of ELENA on his wall. He lies a her image.
0) 910) dialog: You probably don't believe me, but  I'm going to become the leading man  in your life. Sure, I don't look like  Marlon Brando, but look at me, really  look at me. Am I really so ugly? So  should I try once more? Maybe It'll  succeed. What do you  say? 
0) 911) text: ELENA seems to be saying, Yes. As SALVATORE kisses ELENA, He is left with his face against the wall in the white li projector.
0) 914) text: SALVATORE is in a phone booth. The telephone will certain nervous.
0) 916) dialog: Hello, can I speak to Elena, please?
0) 920) dialog: Is that you, Elena?
0) 924) dialog: Oh, I'm sorry, I didn't recognize  your voice. This is Salvatore,  remember?
0) 927) text: SALVATORE finally speaks, says everything all in one brea without hesitating, in order to leave no room for shyness
0) 929) dialog: Listen, I know that every time we see  each other I make a fool of myself,  but I'm not like that, I swear. It's  just that when I see you, I feel shy,  the right words don't come to me, I  don't have the courage to say that  all I do is think about you... (He has finally got it  out. He's dripping with  sweat, but happy at having  succeeded. He continues.) 
0) 935) dialog: (Stunned) 
0) 940) text: SALVATORE feels like dropping through the floor, tries to explain, to apologize, but the flood of insults overwhelm
0) 942) dialog: I'm sorry, Signora, maybe there's a  misunderstanding...I...
0) 945) text: SALVATORE has no choice but to hang up, disappointed, def starts slapping himself.
0) 948) text: Good Friday. ALFREDO comes out of his house, leaning on SALVATORE's shoulder. They go off down the street, toward church. SALVATORE has finished recounting his misadventur
0) 952) dialog: But why? There must be some way to  make her understand!
0) 955) text: SALVATORE gives an angry gesture. This time ALFREDO'S wor frenzy, don't help him. He moves away from him a few step
0) 958) dialog: Stop it! I've had enough of your  sermons! You act as if you created  the world!  (A bicycle streaks by  ALFREDO, who gives a  startled jump, as if it  were about to  run into him. He raises  his voice, panic- stricken.)
0) 963) dialog: (Laughing) 
0) 969) dialog: No! You mean right at the end?  (SALVATORE is amazed,  dumbfounded; that ending  has made a deep  impression. They  start walking again.)
0) 972) dialog: I'll be damned'
0) 975) text: Before the high altar, the Virgin Mary in tears clutches hand. And beside her is another statue  Christ descended cross. MEN and WOMEN stand in line to kiss Christ's wound sitting between the pews. SALVATORE helps ALFREDO take a moment catches sight at the far end of ELENA on her way t
0) 977) text: He leans over and whispers something into ALFREDO's ear. SALVATORE is so happy that he gives him a pat on the chee he hurries over to the PRIEST. Says something in a low vo some agitation, points to the pew where ALFREDO is sittin say he can't now, but SALVATORE insists, and wins. The PR ALFREDO, leans over. 
0) 983) text: SALVATORE watches from a distance. He sees the PRIEST put expression and then sit down beside ALFREDO. Everything's to the confessional. ELENA is there, kneeling down waitin arrive. In an instant, without anyone noticing, SALVATORE confessional. He shuts the little door below and draws th the other side of grille, only a few inches away, those e all night. 
0) 987) dialog: (In a low voice) 
0) 993) dialog: (Interrupting her) 
0) 994) text: Sssssh, Be quiet, pretend  everything's normal. I'm Salvatore. 
0) 1007) text: SALVATORE is mortified, on tenterhooks, keeps an eye on A through a crack in the curtain.
0) 1009) dialog: Forgive me, Elena. It was stupid of  me. But I had to talk to you. 
0) 1010) text: She looks up at him and her eyes are even more beautiful This time SALVATORE finds the courage to speak to her cal determination. That grille probably helps him, allows him seen.
0) 1012) dialog: You're so beautiful, Elena...That's  what I wanted to tell you. When I  meet you, I can't put two words  together because...you give me the  shivers. I don't know what you do in  these situations, what you're  supposed to say. It's the first time.  But I think I'm in love with you. 
0) 1017) dialog: I absolve you in the name of the  Father, the Son and the Holy Ghost.  Go in peace, my daughter.  (And he slams the panel  shut in her face. ELENA is  barely able to control her  laughter.) 
0) 1022) text: For SALVATORE, it's as if a knife had plunged straight in there gazing into her eyes, at the beauty mark on her lip through the crack sees ALFREDO and the PRIEST conversing what they're saying. And he turns back to her.
0) 1024) dialog: I don't care. I'll wait.
0) 1028) dialog: For you to fall in love with me too.  Listen carefully. Every night, when I  get off work, I'll come and wait  beneath your window. Every night.  When you change your mind, open your  window. That's all. I'll  understand...
0) 1041) text: Sweet poignant music accompanies SALVATORE's long waits b ELENA'S room... A warm early summer night. The last spect the streets. The VILLAGE IDIOT makes his rounds of the sq
0) 1042) text: SALVATORE is beneath her window. He waits. The shutters a but not the windows with the curtains. ELENA peers at him dark crack...
0) 1044) text: A rainy night. SALVATORE is back there again. Determined, headstrong. A dog keeps him company, taking shelter under overhanging roof. The window is shut...
0) 1046) text: SALVATORE'S hand adds another check to an endless row of the calendar. A check a day...
0) 1048) text: Another night. Wind. The window is still shut. SALVATORE' the eyes of a lovesick man prepared to face the hardest b win, just to conquer his loved one. She peeks at him thro but he can't see her...
0) 1050) text: The paces of the calendar are covered with checks. Severa have gone by. SALVATORE adds a check on the last page, on night will be...New Year's Eve. The streets are empty. Lo heard coming from the houses. Old discarded objects hail Firecrackers explode here and there. SALVATORE is there i as usual. The shutters are open, but not the windows, and inside. SALVATORE is wrapped in a large overcoat and stam warm...
0) 1053) text: Toasts are being prepared in SALVATORE's house. MARIA is with her daughter, LIA, then ALFREDO with his wife, ANNA. SALVATORE is the only one missing for the "family" to be The bottle of spumante and the Christmas cake are ready. on with the New Year's Eve programme.
0) 1063) text: More sounds of merrymaking, coming from ELENA's house. SA sees the shadows of her parents and relatives, maybe even celebrate, welcome in the New Year. But further on, that shut. SALVATORE gazes at it again. 
0) 1064) text: There is a new look in his eyes, like a gleam of hope. Ma specialness of that night, maybe it's the fire crackers, but something tells him that's going to be the right nigh she'll open her window. In fact, a light suddenly goes on SALVATORE'S eyes sparkle, have already taken on the hue o
0) 1065) text: The window is pulled open, and his heart starts pounding reaches its climax. Two hands come out. SALVATORE shuts h to hold back the flood of feeling. He opens them again an reach out and take hold of the shutters and pull them shu It is midnight. An echoing voice does the countdown.
0) 1071) text: At his house, glasses are about to be raised. There is a merriment. MARIA is unable to conceal her concern, her pr at the door, hoping to see SALVATORE appear.
0) 1084) text: But SALVATORE is not happy in these first few minutes of hurt, humiliated, rejected. He walks off amidst the old d down from the terraces. That was his last night. He's not that balcony any more.
0) 1090) text: Loud passionate music is heard on the monitor. SALVATORE if in a dream. It is a sudden blow to the heart. The look wonderfully sweet, the look of somebody who knows she is who now realizes at last that she is in love too. For SAL overwhelming, almost unbearable moment...A long passionat never-ending. They are happy, cling to each other never t again. 
0) 1091) text: They spin around, end up against the wall where strips of first-part endings and the trailers. Another intense look locked...And it is their first kiss. A kiss at first timi clumsy, and then becomes resolute, poignant. Amidst the f around and touching their young faces. Meanwhile the film projector turns uselessly...Down below the screen is blan whistles...But SALVATORE hears nothing, neither the whist whirring of the reels in the projector. All he hears is h feels is the warmth of her  skin.
0) 1094) text: The happiest, most vivid moments SALVATORE and ELENA spen together:
0) 1096) text: A chase through an endless field of wheat. In the projection booth. A cake with seventeen lighted ca SALVATORE and ELENA blow them out together. And then a ki
0) 1099) text: SALVATORE is driving an old beaten-up Balilla he bought f car-wrecker. ELENA sits beside him, having the time of he roar with laughter. The car jolts, moves by fits and star holes in the road, and besides SALVATORE is not such a ho fondles him.
0) 1104) dialog: That's nothing to do with it, it's  the car that's still being run in...
0) 1111) text: He has almost reached SALVATORE, who tries lo be polite, situation. 
0) 1113) dialog: Hello, Dr Mendola...Hem...
0) 1117) text: SALVATORE has a bruise on his cheek and two Band-aids on He got himself a good thrashing, and then some. The house as on the great occasions. Curiosity is written all over audience. But what they're seeing is not a film, but an i Double or Nothing. SALVATORE is standing by a teleproject has been set up in the central aisle of the balcony. It i makes it possible to project television show on the scree sitting beside him.
0) 1122) dialog: Just so, Alfredo. There isn't any.  And if you buy a television set, you  can watch it at home, without any  fuss...
0) 1134) text: Inside the toilet, ELENA is standing on the toilet seat w SALVATORE, who is standing on the 20ilet seat of the men'
0) 1137) dialog: Could it be your father doesn't like  the work I do...That my family's too  poor...Is that it? 
0) 1138) text: She gives a nod of the head, but only faintly, so as no2 vulnerability. SALVATORE sighs.
0) 1145) dialog: (Crestfallen) 
0) 1154) text: Summer has come. A bevy of barefoot children chase after carters' families to the beach to go swimming. SALVATORE, has finished loading the disassembled projector on to a w it to the outdoor movie house. The USHER has hung a sign to the effect that 'Showings to continue at the Imperia A into the wagon. 
0) 1155) text: The horse moves off slowly and the monotonous clatter of SALVATORE that the summer is going to be long this year, he leans on the projector that totters and lurches from t wheels. A cart carrying a cheerful and noisy family pulls wagon. There are the MEN from the slaughter-house. They r
0) 1162) text: The beach is almost deserted, dotted here and there with carts and horses are scattered in the sand, near the Impe WORKMEN are putting on the finishing touches for the new arrives and SALVATORE and the USHER unload the projector.
0) 1169) text: ...the laughter of the Arena audience, scattered among th metal chairs. By dint of laughing, the people in one of t of chairs tip over backwards. Screams, laughs, whistles. The projection booth has a door at the back with stairs l down to the rocks. SALVATORE is sitting on the ground, ba chested, tired and sticky with sweat. He is reading a let ELENA. He is so engrossed the words can almost be read on face.
0) 1172) text: Salvatore, my darling, here the days  never end. I find your name  everywhere if I read a book, do a  crossword puzzle, thumb through a  newspaper...You're always before my  eyes. Today I've got some rather bad  news. At the end of October we're  moving to the city where I'll attend  the University. It'll be hard to see  each other every day. But don't  worry, whenever I can get away I'll  always come running to you, to the  Cinema Paradiso.
0) 1180) text: The August sun is blazing hot. People are forced to stay blows. The streets are empty. And there is a strange sile heard except far in the distance, from somewhere in the c of some carter...SALVATORE hears it too, stretched out on room, his eyes fixed on the ceiling where flies buzz arou MAILMAN comes down the street on his bicycle, rides up to him a letter...Sitting in the shade of a white wall, SALV letter. Next to him, the dog that kept him company at nig window. He gazes up at him as if looking for news of her.
0) 1183) text: The Arena is crowded with sun-burnt faces. On screen, sce Ulysses. On a shelf in the projection booth, there is an letters. SALVATORE is worn out. The waiting has destroyed like a madman. As he winds up one of the parts of the fil her name obsessively, under his breath.
0) 1185) dialog: Elena...Elena...Elena...
0) 1186) text: Now he is sitting outside on the back steps, a few yards sea. There is a breeze this evening, the waves are rather the boats of 'gate-crashers' can be seen out in the water fitfully but not dangerously. SALVATORE stretches out, ga at the inky sky and talks to himself, just like a madman, whispering...
0) 1188) dialog: When will this shitty summer be over?  (Half shutting his eyes) 
0) 1191) text: A clap of thunder explodes in the air. Loud, rumbling. SA open. The Arena audience looks up in alarm at the sky...T the boats also look up and see a streak of lightning ushe thunder. One of those storms is building up that ruins la nights. SALVATORE gives a contented smile as the cloudbur violently, suddenly... The Arena audience scatters with a over to the overhanging roofs of the projection booth, to on watching the film despite the rain...
0) 1192) text: The LITTLE BOYS in the boats quickly pull tarpaulins over heads...But SALVATORE does not get up. He lets the rain f goes on laughing, incredulous and stunned as if a real mi taken place. And as he shuts his eyes and lifts his head catch more rain on his face, and gives himself up to that joy, a mouth comes to rest passionately on his lips it is his eyes in utter amazement, it seems like a vision, anot created by the rain...Instead no, it is really her! 
0) 1194) dialog: Elena!...But when...
0) 1197) text: SALVATORE's lips interrupt her. It is an intense, a stupe probably never been so happy as they are at that moment. other as the rain goes on streaming over their bodies, mi his, binding them ever closer.
0) 1214) dialog: The army says that, as a war orphan,  I don't have to serve in the  military, but nothing can be done.  It's a bureaucratic error. I have to  leave. Day after tomorrow morning.  They're sending me to Rome. But  they'll discharge me ten days later.  Let's go...
0) 1219) dialog: Good, this way we can finally talk.  I'll convince him this time.
0) 1223) dialog: Who?
0) 1226) text: SALVATORE looks with longing as ELENA drives away with he ELENA gives him a meaningful look through the window. SAL look, but stands there motionless, with a grim expression knows how to take the treacherous blows of life. The car ELENA. Their eyes hang on the same thread. The thread of
0) 1229) text: The poster of Il Grido hangs on the billboard outside the SPACCAFICO replaces 'THURSDAY' with a 'TODAY' sticker. Th CHARWOMAN is washing the floor of the lobby. SPACCAFICO s up to SALVATORE, who is in the projectionist's booth. SPA says that tomorrow he'll be leaving and today is his last and he's sorry.
0) 1233) dialog: 
0) 1235) text: SPACCAFICO understands SALVATORE's sadness.
0) 1240) text: The bus has pulled into the square but among the people g there is no sign of ELENA. SALVATORE stands nervously up projection booth, glances at his watch. It's already five come. He checks the projector. The first part has just be full of film.
0) 1241) text: The first part is now about to finish, the reel is almost isn't there. SALVATORE is extremely nervous, worried, mor with her FATHER.  He sees ELENA's face pulling away in the car. Thinks back terrible confession. He paces back and forth, as if he we thinking up solutions...The stair light finally goes on; dashes over and down the stairs to meet her. He comes dow spiral staircase and finds himself face to face with ALFR making his way up with the help of his cane. SALVATORE fr ALFREDO senses his disappointment. 
0) 1245) dialog: (Nervously) 
0) 1249) text: You were expecting her? Huh?  (SALVATORE doesn't answer.  He's too worried, too  upset. ALFREDO climbs  another step, whispering.)
0) 1251) text: As usual ALFREDO'S sweetness comforts SALVATORE, indeed s bold idea, one that quiets his nervousness. He puts a han shoulder.
0) 1253) dialog: Alfredo, I need your help!
0) 1256) text: The Balilla speeds as fast as it can down the road to the family has gone to live. SALVATORE drives along in a stat idea of having to leave without seeing ELENA is his obses refuses to accept...
0) 1259) text: The second part has begun, the reel is full. For the firs years, ALFREDO is alone in the booth, sitting in front of and he feels helpless. Not only because he's blind, but a there is nothing he can do for SALVATORE. A strange agita if he were experiencing the same anxiety troubling his 'T Meanwhile, the film roll on and with it, time, minutes...
0) 1262) text: SALVATORE has already reached the city. He slows down at terminus. Looks at the people waiting, but she is not the He asks several girls in front of the University. But the her...
0) 1269) text: SALVATORE comes streaking up in front of her house. He sc dashes out like greased lightning. His nerves are tense, through his whole body. He rings the bell, but nobody ans in the building opens the front door and comes out. 
0) 1270) text: SALVATORE seizes the chance and climbs up to the third fl door furiously, almost cracking his knuckles. But all to nobody at home. He shrieks, panic stricken. 
0) 1272) dialog: Open up! Open up! Elenaaa! 
0) 1280) text: And SALVATORE is on his way home, defeated. Be drives as in a terrible state, can't figure out what's happened. Ca that's what hurts. 
0) 1296) text: SALVATORE turns the lights on in the theatre and turns of to calm down ALFREDO, who has got to his feet, frightened
0) 1300) dialog: I'm here! Take it easy! Take it easy!  (And he folds him into his  arms, like calming down a  little boy who has had a  nightmare. Be whispers,  still out of breath:) 
0) 1301) text: Sit down, sit down... (ALFREDO quiets down as  SALVATORE lowers him into  a chair, and asks him the  only question upon which  his last hope depends.) 
0) 1305) text: For SALVATORE it's really the end: she's not coming. Tomo without having seen her again. 
0) 1306) text: SALVATORE'S hands remove the photographs of Amedeo Nazzar wall, slip them into one of his pockets. 
0) 1312) dialog: Radio Operator Di Vita Salvatore!  Third Battalion, Ninth Company,  sir!!!
0) 1313) text: Target practice. SALVATORE fires all the shots in the car other... 
0) 1317) text: SALVATORE sneaks out of line, goes over and slips a lette the mailbox and hurries back to his place.
0) 1321) dialog: Aaaaaaah! Heeeeeelp!! 
0) 1322) text: In the large dormitory, the SERGEANT is handing out the m throws a pile of letters on SALVATORE'S bunk. They are hi stamped 'ADDRESS UNKNOWN'.
0) 1323) text: Mess duty. SALVATORE is washing Up, in a sea of water and He rimes a pan full of tomato sauce with a tap hose. A sp splatters him in the face. 
0) 1324) text: A training run. Another letter which SALVATORE drops into
0) 1325) text: A cold, rainy night. SALVATORE stands stiff as a poker in Ammunition depot. It is his first guard duty. Soaked to t eyed into empty space. 
0) 1328) dialog: (Aggressively) 
0) 1330) text: SALVATORE is in the guardhouse. A cold, dark, filthy cell give way. He bows his head in despair. 
0) 1331) text: Hospital. SALVATORE is exhausted, run-down. The night-sta medicines. He lies in bed without moving, staring off int repeats obsessively in a low voice, as if talking to hims
0) 1333) dialog: Elena...Elena...Elena... (He has touched the  extreme of suffering, a  young man who has  been denied love and  affection, his rights,  freedom. A NURSE comes  up.) 
0) 1336) text: SALVATORE registers this information with his eyes and no
0) 1339) text: The bus disappears around the corner leaving SALVATORE st is a blazing hot day. The sirocco wind blows the yellow d The square is empty, the billboard in front of the closed a Western. SALVATORE puts his suitcase on the ground, loo exactly the same, immobile. Only one new feature  in the playing 'Estate' sung by Milva. 
0) 1340) text: SALVATORE turns towards the Cinema Paradiso. The projecti window of the booth, smoking a cigarette. Who knows who h from. A hot flurry of dust. SALVATORE turns and sees a do wagging its tail. It's the dog that kept him company duri the window. SALVATORE gives a start of joy, drops his sui stroke him. Then he hugs him, as if he were an old friend
0) 1343) text: SALVATORE goes to see ALFREDO. He is still in bed, has ju to hear his 'Toto'. He feels his forehead, his eyes and c him. 
0) 1347) dialog: They tell me you never go out, never  talk to anybody. Why?
0) 1353) text: The sea is ruffled and the air is less sultry, easier to SALVATORE and ALFREDO walk slowly along the waterfront. A slightly, holds on to SALVATORE, who is telling him somet
0) 1355) dialog: At the Christmas party the lieutenant  pinches a girl's ass. The girl turns  around: it's the daughter of the  commanding officer. The lieutenant is  scared to death and says: 'Miss, if  your heart is as hard as what I have  just touched, I'm done for! 
0) 1356) text: And they roar with laughter. They look like two old schoo other dirty jokes. They stop beside a low wall. ALFREDO k are simply a way of uselessly dancing around the countles troubling SALVATORE. And he breaks the ice, while SALVATO laughing.
0) 1359) text: Did you ever see her again?  (SALVATORE'S laughter dies  away, taken off-guard as  he is. Then he lights a  cigarette.)
0) 1361) dialog: No. And nobody knows where she is. 
0) 1364) text: It's a terrible question, and SALVATORE has no answer to rather not even talk about it. He changes his tone, as if laughs, trying again to ding to the funny jokes he heard service.
0) 1366) dialog: Listen to this one...The commander  says to the sergeant: 'You  remember that windmill that used to  be there?' 'Yes, sir, I remember the  mill's gone but the wind's still  there!'  (And he bursts into  nervous laughter. But this  time ALFREDO remains cold,  unmoved, does not laugh  with him. SALVATORE  gradually falls silent. He  doesn't know what to say.  For the first time in his  life, he doesn't know what  goal to aim for, doesn't  know what to do. The cloud  of smoke wreaths his  nervous face, now he seems  to relax, whispers:) 
0) 1369) dialog: Now I understand why the soldier went  away just before the end. That's  right, just one more night and the  princess would have been his. But  she, also, could not have kept her  promise. And...that would have been  terrible, he would have died from it.  So instead, for ninety-nine nights at  least he had lived with the illusion  that she was there waiting for him... (This time SALVATORE is  the one to explain  something to ALFREDO. And  ALFREDO realizes how  bitter his story is and,  above all, that the boy  standing there is no  longer a boy...) 
0) 1372) text: When you're here every day you feel  like you're at the center of the universe, it seems like  nothing ever changes. Then you go  away, one year, two...And when you  come back, everything's different.  The thread has broken. You don't  find those you were looking for, your  things no longer exist. Isn't that  the case?...You've got to go away a  long time, for many, many years,  before coming back and finding your  people again, the land where  you were born...But not now, it's  impossible. Now you're blinder than I  am. (Intense words, straight  from the heart, and  SALVATORE is spellbound.  He whispers with a smile:) 
0) 1374) dialog: Who said that? Gary Cooper, James  Stewart, Henry Fonda? Huh?  (ALFREDO also gives a  gentle smile) 
0) 1378) text: SALVATORE gives a shudder that runs through his very soul colorless on the horizon.
0) 1381) text: Night. The square is empty. SALVATORE is sitting on the c His head in his hands. He has to make a decision leave or 'What decision will he make?' is the question that keeps hot dark bedroom...
0) 1383) text: Also LIA, his sister, feels a strange, heavy tension in t doesn't sleep. She's probably wondering where SALVATORE i hour... 
0) 1385) text: ALMOST THIRTY YEARS LATER, another distant bell is chimin SALVATORE is once again wide awake. He is thinking, with just like then. And the same decision to make: what to do a sleeping WOMAN, he goes on staring at the window. Outsi passed. The long memory has almost faded, only the sound his mind...
0) 1388) text: It's the train that THIRTY YEARS EARLIER had pulled into of his home town before leaving for Rome. SALVATORE hugs MOTHER and SISTER. The moment has come to say goodbye to ALFREDO. The old man is deeply moved. A heart-rending tre comes into his husky voice. 
0) 1393) dialog: Thanks for all you've done for me. 
0) 1402) text: THIRTY YEARS LATER, a plane flies over Sicily. It lands o runway char seems to emerge from the sea and flatten out the dark mountains. Salvatore's face appears among the cl of the plane windows. He has the tense look of the man wh after the adventure of life has carried him afar, wanderi has forgotten everything. From the plane window to anothe
0) 1405) text: ...the window of the taxi-cab driving SALVATORE to his ho moving by on either side of the road summons up sweet mem have changed, but the colors are still the same. The yell entire landscape is unmistakable. And all those black bir the guard-rail are crows. 
0) 1409) text: The house where SALVATORE'S MOTHER lives is also new, nea sea. 
0) 1419) text: SALVATORE'S VOICE (Off-screen) 
0) 1428) dialog: (Smiling) 
0) 1430) text: SALVATORE looks around; It's a place he's never seen befo his mother's house.)
0) 1434) text: Come, I have a surprise....  (She takes him by the hand  and leads him out to the  hallway. SALVATORE looks  at her and feels a pang.  She seems smaller, age  withers the body, she is  slightly stooped, her hair  is gathered into a knot at  the back other head.)
0) 1437) dialog: (Interrupting her) 
0) 1441) text: You shouldn't tell me that now. After  all these years!  (SALVATORE gets the  message, feels guilty.  Thinking about it, it  seems incredible that he  has never come before.  MARIA opens a door, steps  aside to let her son in,  whispers:) 
0) 1443) text: SALVATORE lakes a few steps, is flabbergasted at the sigh perfectly reconstructed and preserved. It looks like a mu past. Despite the bed, the clothes in the cupboard, the b is perfectly clear that no one has ever lived in it and n MARIA senses his perturbation, remains standing in the do him alone...SALVATORE goes over to the bed, looks around camera, the projector, his documentaries, the bicycle han photographs of his favorite movie stars. But what mostly tiny framed photograph: SALVATORE as a little boy and ALF in front of the Cinema Paradiso. Strange, at that time AL he is now! It's as if he were standing there before him o impressive figure, his good-natured bur firm look, touche ALFREDO'S smiling face to...
0) 1447) text: SALVATORE is in the front row with his MOTHER, next to AL SIGNORA ANNA says in a whisper, her eyes fixed on the cof
0) 1451) text: SALVATORE nods his head. He gazes intensely at the coffin and is grieved as if he were ashamed never to have come t been like a father to him. But why had he forgotten him? the procession, he sees a young PRIEST with an altar boy figures are also like chisels scraping the rust off his s feelings to light again. 
0) 1452) text: The procession reaches the square. The dark column stands early-afternoon light. SIGNORA ANNA motions the driver an to a halt. It is ALFREDO'S last farewell to the place whe best years of his life  the Cinema Paradiso. Everyone tur SALVATORE also turns, taken by surprise...It has fallen t windows boarded shut, crumbling walls, a piece of the sig and mildew in the cracks and on the roof. The square has unrecognizable. Buildings, stores, sign boards and lines snail's pace in a deafening chorus of honking horns. And turned motorcycles. SALVATORE turns slowly to look behind crowd, and is entranced by the unexpected sight of faces once, despite the many years that have gone by:  the MAN USHER who also served as bill-poster, the CHARWOMAN, the and further on behind ROSA and ANGELO, the lovebirds who house and then got married. They all have white hair. And recognized him, give little hello nods and gestures. Anot he seems to recognize: why sure, it's SPACCAFICO, the own become! He also looks up and his eyes meet SALVATORE'S. A SALVATORE makes his way over to him through the crowd. Th heartily, without a word, both touched. The procession st
0) 1454) dialog: (Under his breath) 
0) 1458) text: SALVATORE is disconcerted, irritated by that 'Mr. Di Vita out that the movie house is to be torn down depresses him piece of his life...And all those curious faces staring a
0) 1460) dialog: But why do you call me 'Mr. Di Vita'?  It didn't used to be that way...
0) 1464) text: SALVATORE smiles at that. Meanwhile, the procession has r SALVATORE excuses himself and goes over to the hearse. Ol him go, then says, almost to himself) 
0) 1467) text: The coffin is unloaded. SALVATORE has asked to be one of bearers into the church. As he moves off slowly with that on his shoulder, somebody catches his eye on the other si old woman, sixty or seventy years old, with a plastic bag crosses herself quickly. SALVATORE recognizes her  she wa with for the first time. TERESA, the prostitute. The coff church, followed by the little procession. 
0) 1470) text: The little house is sunk in the darkness of evening and t windows are lit up. The rustling of the sea can be heard. supper. The table is set with the finest silver and the c brought out. LIA is also there with her husband, ALFIO, a FILIPPO, fifteen, and SARA, thirteen. The television is o been turned practically all the way down. SALVATORE'S pre excitement. The children look at their uncle with a certa don't really know him. 
0) 1475) dialog: (Smiling) 
0) 1485) text: SALVATORE doesn't know what to say. He feels drunk. It ha upheavals, a series of almost overwhelming emotions and n the one hand, he' d like to stay, let himself drift on th life, be completely carried off by the rolling waves of h other, he wishes he had never come. He forces himself to
0) 1487) dialog: I don't know, Filippo. I don't  know...
0) 1488) text: They go on eating, but SALVATORE isn't very hungry. Re pe of the comer of his eye, feels deeply bound to her  she h and light wrinkles line her face. 
0) 1489) text: Then he looks at her husband, ALFIO, he's going bald but combing over the little hair left. Who knows what their m wonders. He looks back at LIA, and it's as if she sensed guesses the nature of his thoughts, imagines what he is t blush colors her cheeks and she smiles. SALVATORE returns The ringing of a phone. SARA starts to get up to go and a stops her with a glance of the eye.
0) 1493) text: Everyone turns to SALVATORE with questioning looks, makin restless and undecided. The phone goes on ringing.
0) 1496) text: The TRAFFIC cops are trying to break the front door down shoulders. Once, twice, and at last, the door flies open kicking up a cloud of dust. SALVATORE enters by himself..
0) 1499) text: SALVATORE'S silhouette stands out against the light in th makes his way into the empty theatre. A thick layer of du gray, rarefied look. The light streaming in from the wind strange mates of dust, like a haze. 
0) 1500) text: Cobwebs hang like long veils from the ceiling. SALVATORE aisle. The rows of seats are unhinged, what was once the warped from the dampness. He looks around as if he Were t album of his memories.  
0) 1501) text: The screen dangles from its frame. The emergency exits ar and nailed shut. Observing the emptiness of the theatre, has the feeling he can hear the howling, the whistling an audience, as he remembers it. But only for one brief mome returns. A mouse creeps along one wall, stops near a pile attracted by that little gray mass. He goes over as the m takes a closer look and recognizes the shape of half a li dust. He moves it with his foot, then looks up at the pro repeating the same gesture of bygone years. But the lion' there, only the outline of it on the wall, and cobwebs ha the booth, those little square openings that had caused h as a little boy...SALVATORE now climbs up the spiral stai up a little cloud of dust. 
0) 1503) text: And the windows overlooking the square are bolted shut an broken. SALVATORE peers out of one of the cracks in the w sees the village...which is now a city. A different world knows. 
0) 1506) text: The cafe in the square has been completely renovated. The have young, unfamiliar faces. SALVATORE holds out the rec
0) 1508) dialog: A double whisky, please. 
0) 1510) text: A man comes up to SALVATORE and asks for his autograph. T the plate-glass window overlooking the main street, where was. And like a flash, a shudder freezes him to the spot. from  him, through the glass, a stunning vision, which casts hi his blood: there before him is ELENA! But she is still yo then! Sweet, luminous, alluring, exactly the way he saw h the station. 
0) 1514) text: At the age of fifty-five, SALVATORE feels no scruples abo the streets of his home town, spying from a distance on a girl. There's nothing he can do about it. He stares at he someone who discovers that miracles exist. Now he is near she is! It's her, no doubt about it! Exactly the same. Ex different hair-do and is wearing different clothes:  ELEN The GIRL goes up to a parked motorcycle. She removes the books to the rack. SALVATORE is standing there a few step stopping to think, moves a little closer, discreetly, pol
0) 1516) dialog: Excuse me, Miss... (She turns to look at him,  indifferent, but friendly.  He looks at her wonderful  blue eyes.) 
0) 1521) text: SALVATORE follows her with his eyes until she disappears
0) 1524) text: The old shots of ELENA getting off the train and walking look at the camera...SALVATORE is watching her again, pro wall of his room. He also watches the other shots of thos the picnic,. she at the beach, smiling, joyful...And agai understand, or doesn't want to understand. But these scen yesterday, so identical to ELENA is the girl he saw on th wound which he thought had healed years ago, starts bleed
0) 1526) text: Through the crack of the door, MARIA sees those images on rocking his head back and forth slowly, like he used to d cried. She somehow feels his grief, his bitterness, lower away without a word, as the little shiny rectangle on the empty...And SALVATORE sits there gazing at it, as if he s his camera never set down on film, only his memory. 
0) 1533) text: MARIA is setting the table. LIA and her family are eating house today. SALVATORE is sitting again, with a lighted c gazing through the window at the shrubs tossing in the wi rolling sea. The air whistling through the cracks of the heaviness to the silence, like the troubled look on his f him. 
0) 1536) text: SALVATORE looks at the old woman's lovely face, a faint s There was always something like an unspoken rule between silence, of unconfessed complicity. And now he feels that He speaks quietly, as if to curb the tumult of his feelin
0) 1538) dialog: I was thinking...that we've never  talked, Mamma...When I was little I  saw you as if you were already old.  That's probably true with all kids... Who knows?  (She nods, then sits down  before him. He strokes her  old, skinny, heavily  veined hands...) 
0) 1545) text: And you're like me, you're too honest  and too attached to the things you love...But I don't know if that's a  good thing. Faithfulness is a bad  business. If you're faithful, you're  always alone!  (SALVATORE is immersed in  the profound truth of  those words. And he says  nothing. The silence is  broken by the ringing of  the phone. A menacing  sound, which SALVATORE  cannot bear. He knows they  are calling him from Rome,  gives a nervous gesture,  stands up and pulls out  the plug. The silence  returns, the whistling of  the wind. MARIA lowers her  eyes.) 
0) 1547) text: SALVATORE sits down again, leaning closer to her. He stub the already overflowing ashtray.
0) 1549) dialog: (Whispering) 
0) 1556) dialog: You never used to do that! 
0) 1567) text: But SALVATORE has not taken his MOTHER'S advice. Re has n holds him there still, leads him to go on looking. 
0) 1572) dialog: (To himself) 
0) 1577) text: SALVATORE'S hands rifle through a phone directory. He is other side of the glass door leading to the little square runs down the column of names...
0) 1579) dialog: (Mumbling) 
0) 1581) text: He has already put the token into the slot and dials the two lit upstairs windows of that house, where the mystery hiding. SALVATORE hears the first ring, his heart in his appears in one of the windows. And a voice answers. 
0) 1587) text: SALVATORE is at a loss, sits down at one of the rabies ne phone in the almost empty cafe. At the far end, a group o television.
0) 1590) text: And he turns back to the television. SALVATORE lights a c uncertain. Once again he has to lake an important decisio and seek a face behind that shadow? Or forget the whole t the shadow, and go away? Yes, best go away. He gets up an seen through the window turning the comer. A pack of ciga lie on the table, he has forgotten them. And the lighted the ashtray. A few moments have gone by. Footsteps, and a lighter and the cigarettes. It is SALVATORE who now, on a another token into the slot. The shadow reappears at the as before.
0) 1593) text: SALVATORE answers at last, keeping his eyes shut, whisper
0) 1595) dialog: I'd like to speak to Signora Elena...
0) 1598) text: SALVATORE feels a terrible pang, continues:
0) 1600) dialog: Salvatore. 
0) 1606) dialog: Di Vita. Salvatore Di Vita. Do you  remember?  (Another pause chilly,  heavy. SALVATORE opens his  eyes, looks at the window.  Her shadow is motionless,  as if cut out of  cardboard.) 
0) 1611) text: SALVATORE'S eyes glisten, try to pierce the distance and better look, but in vain. 
0) 1613) dialog: Elena. I'd like to see you...Let's  meet. 
0) 1618) dialog: Please, don't say no.. . 
0) 1634) text: SALVATORE stands motionless on the pier, facing the storm relieved by the roar of the waves that dispels his bitter but does not wipe out the look of suffering in his eyes. to approach behind his back. SALVATORE turns and is blind a car parked at the beginning of the pier. The splatterin a hazy cast and diffuse the glare of the flashing headlig move towards him. And SALVATORE also lakes a few timid st They are close. The car has almost stopped. But it is imp person at the wheel who now reaches over to open the othe barely heard over the raging sea. It is ELENA's voice. 
0) 1637) text: SALVATORE approaches, accepting the invitation, enters th door. The headlights go off and the car remains there sus sea and the harbor with its rocking boats. Inside the car figures gaze at each other, unintelligible, as if the nig further delay that meeting. The glowing reflection of a w others now lights up their faces. ELENA was right, they a of teenagers, but of people on in years who study each ot truth. The howling of the wind and the crashing of the wa ELENA and SALVATORE /rear nothing, sit glued to their sea endless gaze that envelops them. He is the first to break voice.
0) 1639) dialog: How'd you know I'd be here? 
0) 1641) text: SALVATORE turns on the light of the rear-view mirror. Fin they can see better. They look at each other a little ill making the inevitable comparisons with the memory of thei SALVATORE carefully observes her graying hair, her blue e with wrinkles, the somewhat faded beauty mark on her lip.
0) 1643) dialog: You're still beautiful...
0) 1649) dialog: Alfredo died. Do you remember him? 
0) 1654) dialog: I saw your daughter. She's beautiful!  Who knows how many Salvatores  must be running after her...
0) 1657) text: One or two. Bur there're not all that  many Salvatores.  (SALVATORE also smiles,  but a puzzled smile as if  what she has said had  thrown him off-guard.) 
0) 1660) dialog: No. And I'm not married.  (ELENA sits there in  silence. A veil of sadness  clouds her eyes.  SALVATORE'S  too...) 
0) 1664) text: Again SALVATORE is thrown off-guard, as if the round key his enquiry had met with only square locks. She continues
0) 1668) dialog: Sure, sure! Boccia... (With a bitter smile) 
0) 1672) text: Then instinctively, in a shy voice, SALVATORE asks the qu that he probably wouldn't have asked a moment later.
0) 1674) dialog: And...how come you never married  that guy from Tuscany? 
0) 1679) text: There is no resentment in her words. She has said them fo of someone who has suffered greatly and then found a stro suffering no more. For SALVATORE, it's as if one of those pierced his heart. He leans over, gazing into her shining
0) 1681) dialog: But I've never forgotten you, Elena! 
0) 1684) text: Nor have I. Even though you  disappeared... (SALVATORE is staggered,  feels as if he were  plunging into the void.  What she has said strikes  him as grotesque. ELENA  strokes his hair, as if to  restrain his sinking  heart, gives a sweet  smile.) 
0) 1687) text: But SALVATORE ignores the question. He doesn't want to ch He feels that everything is crumbling inside him, the ali had to give himself in order to accept the end of their r now the tables seem to have completely turned. Without re desperately, staring wildly at her and shaking her by the shoulders.
0) 1689) dialog: What do you mean, you were waiting  for me?! What are you saying?  (He controls himself at  once, continues, breathing  heavily.) 
0) 1718) text: SALVATORE sits there without moving, pale as a sheet, loo grown even older. As if the whole world has fallen in on a painful but liberating story. She dries her last tears.
0) 1722) dialog: (In a daze) 
0) 1739) text: There is a haunted look in SALVATORE's eyes, he is search something he can't find, then suddenly sees, as if in a d years before going through the routine gesture of hanging over the others, mechanically, without even looking...and if fearing the truth. Her last words have wounded him. He in a faint voice:
0) 1741) dialog: Oh, how I looked for you, Elena!  You'll never know. I wrote,  telephoned, nothing. Nobody ever  answered. But I dreamt of you for  years! That's why I went away...and  never came back here.  (And his anguish breaks  free, dissolving into  quiet, almost childish  tears. ELENA is startled  by his reaction. She  caresses him,          passionately. They embrace  and remain like that, she  with her face buried in  his shoulder, he leaning  on hers with his tear- filled eyes.)
0) 1742) text: Even as the years passed, in all the  women I met, I was only looking for  you. I had success it's true, but  there was always something missing... (She is deeply moved, goes  on caressing him gently  until he calms down. The  car windows are steamed  up. The sea, the harbor,  the waves have          disappeared. Nothing  remains but the sound of   the storm. SALVATORE takes  her face between his  hands. They gaze at each  other, their faces  practically touching. He  murmurs:) 
0) 1746) text: SALVATORE whispers one last dreadful revelation. And it's terrible weight off his chest.
0) 1748) dialog: But I never saw that note!  (He squints, as if to  stress the absurdity of  the idea.) 
0) 1753) text: Tears stream down Salvatore's cheeks. He gives her a look desire. 
0) 1761) text: SALVATORE is sitting by the table. He has finished the cu ANNA has prepared for him. He picks up the stool, recogni the one ALFREDO had made for him as a little boy so he co the reels on the projector. 
0) 1764) text: SALVATORE examines the can, wonders what it can be. He op reel of film, wrapped in a plastic bag, well preserved. T pang to his heart, and the things that ANNA said, but he if he expected to find something else.
0) 1766) dialog: Did he ever think of meeting me? 
0) 1771) text: A cloud of yellowed scraps of paper flutters into the air to the ground another handful is flung up. SALVATORE is i looking through the countless yellowed receipts, stuffed at them one by one, then throws them into the air. A desp defiance of the passing of time. He continues with greate piles of receipts into the air, glances at a few dates, a discover the oldest dates at the bottom. He moves swiftly then fling up a nimbus of paper and dust. But to no avail breath. His eyes go over to the nails in the wall, where receipts are hanging. He gets up and goes to look at them them hastily, in anger... 
0) 1775) text: Salvatore, forgive me. I'll explain  later what happened. Not finding you  here was terrible. Unfortunately,  this evening, my mother and I are  leaving for Tuscany. We're moving  there. But you' re the only one I  love, I'll never be with anybody  else, I promise. Here's the address  of a girlfriend of mine where you  can write to me. Don't abandon me.  Love and kisses, Elena. 
0) 1779) text: ELENA stands near the window overlooking the little squar phone to SALVATORE'S voice. She can see him through the t speaking on the phone down below in the cafГ©. 
0) 1782) text: SALVATORE opens his eyes, tosses away his cigarette.
0) 1784) dialog: This afternoon. Elena, in the future  maybe we could...
0) 1788) text: We never did it when we were kids,  remember?  (Down in the cafe,  SALVATORE nods his head  slowly, desperately.) 
0) 1789) text: Now that it's happened, I don't think  there could have been a better  ending. (It's farewell. SALVATORE  glances one last time at  that window.) 
0) 1791) dialog: I'll never agree with you. Never,  Elena. 
0) 1795) text: Only now does the camera discover in the distance, a crow waiting in front of the movie house, kept at a safe dista policemen. Old SPACCAFICO is in the crowd. SALVATORE is a the front of the old movie theatre...
0) 1807) text: SALVATORE's face, stiff, unmoving, his eyes fixed on thos that season of his life turning into smoke and dust. Enve cloud, SPACCAFICO stands crying in silence. 
0) 1808) text: Mice dart out of the ruins in terror, scamper nervously i of youngsters scream, amused and excited. Among them, ELE smiling... SALVATORE sees her joking with friends and poi chasing the mice across the square, hooting and laughing. TRAMP, filthy and covered in rags, makes his way through empty look in his eyes and he repeats obsessively in a lo
0) 1811) text: SALVATORE recognizes him, it's the VILLAGE IDIOT, the one the square at night. Be watches him walk off, raving, wit The crowd now moves over to the huge empty space where th stood. The murmuring voices are drowned out by the deafen airplane. From the ruins of the Cinema Paradiso, fade to.
0) 1814) text: ...SALVATORE'S hands giving a STUDIO PROJECTIONIST the ru by ALFREDO. 
0) 1816) dialog: Please check the splices. As soon as  you're ready you can start. 
0) 1820) dialog: Thanks. 
0) 1821) text: A COLLEAGUE of SALVATORE comes up behind him.
0) 1823) dialog: Well? 
0) 1830) dialog: It's all right. We'll talk about it  later. 
0) 1831) text: SALVATORE walks off towards the viewing theatre. 
0) 1832) text: SALVATORE is by himself in the small viewing theatre. Now The beam of light shines out of the little square hole of and the screen lights up. A number trailer goes by and th first shots. 
0) 1837) text: SALVATORE is overwhelmed, moved to tears. It is the most has ever seen. He laughs as tears shine in his eyes. Up o kiss, the last kiss marking the happy ending of a film. A appear 'THE END'.                        