0) 588) text: CICCIO SPACCAFICO, the man who won the Sisal pools, comes He looks up at the charred cinema. It looks like a battle attack. From the smoke and ashes to...
0) 603) text: Now FATHER ADELFIO is blessing the brand-new projection b the new projectionist: SALVATORE. He is very nervous, but possessed. His worried-looking mother is also there for t turns to SPACCAFICO. 
0) 607) dialog: I took out a license as  projectionist, thanks to friends down  at the guild offices. But I don't  know a thing about it. Officially, I  do the job... (Smiling at Salvatore)
0) 616) dialog: And now enough of this gloomy  atmosphere. Life goes on! I want to  see you happy and smiling!
0) 622) text: An OLD LADY sitting next to the MAYOR, crosses herself, f SPACCAFICO chuckles. Rubs his hands: these are going to b FATHER ADELFIO gets up and stalks out of the theatre, ind never set foot in the place again. The love theme gets lo louder...
0) 668) dialog: Only two days? Are you joking?!... What do I care if all the copies  are reserved?...Catene for only two  days in a place like this! Why,  people will eat me alive!... (Standing beside him  listening is SALVATORE. He  is carrying school  books under his ann. In  the cafГ©, several curious  ONLOOKERS laugh as through  the cafГ© window they watch  some unemployed PEASANT  MEN dancing together at  the club. SPACCAFICO  listens nervously, then  shrieks as if he were  about to eat the phone.)
0) 669) text: ...I know, I know. But even if I  start showing at eight in the morning  it wouldn't be enough! This is a big  town now and you people at the  Titanus know it perfectly well! I'm  your sole agent and if I get pissed  off I'll write straight  to Lombardo, in Rome!! I'll give you  guys a good run-around!! If I get my  dander up, I can let fly, if my  name's Spaccafico!! 
0) 671) text: SPACCAFICO AND SALVATORE are now outside the cafГ©, head front of the movie house, the CHARWOMAN is at work. SPACC lights two cigarettes without noticing it. SALVATORE is t in his mind.
0) 675) dialog: So what's that got to do with it?
0) 679) dialog: (Shrieking) 
0) 704) text: BOCCIA finally reaches the old movie house, which has bee up. Here too people are lined up in front of the posters SPACCAFICO is waiting impatiently on an outside staircase sack, containing the first part of the film. The bicycle him. The sacks are exchanged. 
0) 706) dialog: Quick! Give it to me! Here's the  first part. Get moving! 
0) 707) text: BOCCIA heads back to the Cinema Paradiso, to take the fir SPACCAFICO dashes up the stairs, and hands the sack to a door, through which the bare projection booth can be seen which SALVATORE has put back into working order. SPACCAFI
0) 709) dialog: Here you are! Quick, quick!! People  are waiting!
0) 739) text: Here too the audience is up in arms. They're waiting for CICCIO SPACCAFICO tears his hair with rage.
0) 741) dialog: Where's the fucking bastard got to?
0) 748) dialog: Easy! Easy! What about my showing you  the first part again? Huh? 
0) 782) text: SALVATORE'S hand holds a lighted match under a piece of f horrified eyes of SPACCAFICO and the USHER, and the puzzl
0) 1126) text: ELENA is sitting in one corner of the balcony with her pa her FATHER is the owner of the movie house, SPACCAFICO, w
0) 1128) dialog: (In a low voice) 
0) 1200) text: Autumn has arrived. In the streets, the PEASANTS prepare for preserving the grape must. ALFREDO is sitting in fron Paradiso with SPACCAFICO and the USHER. It is a quiet mom the humming of the projector and the sound track of the f through the window of the booth. The MAILMAN stops and ha sheet of paper.
0) 1205) text: SPACCAFICO unfolds it, reads it, claps his hands on his h
0) 1207) dialog: Holy blood of Judas! Now what am I  going to do                        
0) 1229) text: The poster of Il Grido hangs on the billboard outside the SPACCAFICO replaces 'THURSDAY' with a 'TODAY' sticker. Th CHARWOMAN is washing the floor of the lobby. SPACCAFICO s up to SALVATORE, who is in the projectionist's booth. SPA says that tomorrow he'll be leaving and today is his last and he's sorry.
0) 1231) dialog: Toto, this is no film for the common  herd. One day'll be more than  enough...So tonight, please set up  tomorrow's film, so the projectionist  who is coming will find it ready.
0) 1235) text: SPACCAFICO understands SALVATORE's sadness.
0) 1237) dialog: Cheer up, Toto. I'll be here waiting  for you. No one's taking your job  away from you. Don't worry!
0) 1452) text: The procession reaches the square. The dark column stands early-afternoon light. SIGNORA ANNA motions the driver an to a halt. It is ALFREDO'S last farewell to the place whe best years of his life  the Cinema Paradiso. Everyone tur SALVATORE also turns, taken by surprise...It has fallen t windows boarded shut, crumbling walls, a piece of the sig and mildew in the cracks and on the roof. The square has unrecognizable. Buildings, stores, sign boards and lines snail's pace in a deafening chorus of honking horns. And turned motorcycles. SALVATORE turns slowly to look behind crowd, and is entranced by the unexpected sight of faces once, despite the many years that have gone by:  the MAN USHER who also served as bill-poster, the CHARWOMAN, the and further on behind ROSA and ANGELO, the lovebirds who house and then got married. They all have white hair. And recognized him, give little hello nods and gestures. Anot he seems to recognize: why sure, it's SPACCAFICO, the own become! He also looks up and his eyes meet SALVATORE'S. A SALVATORE makes his way over to him through the crowd. Th heartily, without a word, both touched. The procession st
0) 1457) dialog: Six years ago this May. No one came  any more. You "know better than me,  Mr. Di Vita, the crisis, television,  videos. By now the movie business is  only a dream. The city's bought it  now to make a new parking lot. Next  Saturday they're  tearing it down...A pity!...
0) 1462) dialog: Well, it's hard to call an important  person by his first name. But if it  really matters to you, I'11 call  you... (Smiling) 
0) 1466) dialog: Bless you, Toto. 
0) 1795) text: Only now does the camera discover in the distance, a crow waiting in front of the movie house, kept at a safe dista policemen. Old SPACCAFICO is in the crowd. SALVATORE is a the front of the old movie theatre...
0) 1807) text: SALVATORE's face, stiff, unmoving, his eyes fixed on thos that season of his life turning into smoke and dust. Enve cloud, SPACCAFICO stands crying in silence. 