0) 183) dialog: (Yelling) 
0) 196) dialog: It's a double-feature today.
0) 226) text: People come out of the movie house after the last showing The USHER locks the front door as ALFREDO climbs down fro projection booth. Among the crowd there is only one kid, Tired, half-asleep. He's seen all the showings. He starts when he catches sight of his mother standing on the oppos wrapped in an old coat. She's waiting for him, in a tempe SALVATORE drops his eyes to the ground, mortified. He kno coming. He goes over to her timidly, uncertain, gives her look.
0) 235) text: MARIA gives him a slap. SALVATORE holds back the sobs, bu his eyes brim with tears. ALFREDO and the USHER are nearb have heard everything.
0) 248) text: What you find tonight on the floor  between the seats? (The USHER reaches into- his pockets, pulls out  some odds and ends.)
0) 250) dialog: A comb, two heel-savers, a box of  tobacco... (ALFREDO very skillfully  reaches out with fifty  lire he has taken from his pocket. And like  a magician he draws the  money out of the USHER'S hand.)
0) 253) text: See? (He hands over the money  under the USHER'S  astonished eyes.)
0) 323) text: ...the house packed to the rafters. Voices and laughter o ice-cream, soft drinks. The USHER has opened the emergenc He fights off the gate-crashers who are trying to get in sports commentary fills the theatre. The village BLACKSMI seat, his head thrown back and his mouth wide open. The K ice-cream sacks and pop them next to his ears. Bang! The with a start, in a sea of laughter. He yells:  
0) 481) text: It has just stopped raining, the bell-tower rings eleven the poster of the film a ' LAST DAY' sticker. The PRIEST, TICKET-SELLER, the USHER and TWO CARABINIERES push the cr front door. The protest grows louder. Fists pound the doo
0) 686) text: The house is jammed with people. Almost bursting at the s of Catene move across the screen. Tears stream down the f women. The children are unusually silent. Even the BLACKS whispers ahead of time all the lines of Nazzari and Yvonn heart. Among the crowd in the balcony there is ALFREDO an DON VINCENZO the landowner, the schoolteachers. Now the m rending. 'THE END' appears on screen. The lights go on. A din and uproar as one audience leaves and another arrives seats. Quarrels. The CARABINIERES help the USHER maintain people who want to see the film again to get up and leave
0) 688) dialog: (Exasperate]) 
0) 782) text: SALVATORE'S hand holds a lighted match under a piece of f horrified eyes of SPACCAFICO and the USHER, and the puzzl
0) 1154) text: Summer has come. A bevy of barefoot children chase after carters' families to the beach to go swimming. SALVATORE, has finished loading the disassembled projector on to a w it to the outdoor movie house. The USHER has hung a sign to the effect that 'Showings to continue at the Imperia A into the wagon. 
0) 1162) text: The beach is almost deserted, dotted here and there with carts and horses are scattered in the sand, near the Impe WORKMEN are putting on the finishing touches for the new arrives and SALVATORE and the USHER unload the projector.
0) 1200) text: Autumn has arrived. In the streets, the PEASANTS prepare for preserving the grape must. ALFREDO is sitting in fron Paradiso with SPACCAFICO and the USHER. It is a quiet mom the humming of the projector and the sound track of the f through the window of the booth. The MAILMAN stops and ha sheet of paper.
0) 1452) text: The procession reaches the square. The dark column stands early-afternoon light. SIGNORA ANNA motions the driver an to a halt. It is ALFREDO'S last farewell to the place whe best years of his life  the Cinema Paradiso. Everyone tur SALVATORE also turns, taken by surprise...It has fallen t windows boarded shut, crumbling walls, a piece of the sig and mildew in the cracks and on the roof. The square has unrecognizable. Buildings, stores, sign boards and lines snail's pace in a deafening chorus of honking horns. And turned motorcycles. SALVATORE turns slowly to look behind crowd, and is entranced by the unexpected sight of faces once, despite the many years that have gone by:  the MAN USHER who also served as bill-poster, the CHARWOMAN, the and further on behind ROSA and ANGELO, the lovebirds who house and then got married. They all have white hair. And recognized him, give little hello nods and gestures. Anot he seems to recognize: why sure, it's SPACCAFICO, the own become! He also looks up and his eyes meet SALVATORE'S. A SALVATORE makes his way over to him through the crowd. Th heartily, without a word, both touched. The procession st