0) 31) text: Gardner Well good. That’s fine. That’s just fine... Rising to leave: ... Well you keep working on that stance. Nicky Dad? Gardner turns. His glasses are beginning to fog. ... How come you said it wasn’t them? Gardner freezes. 43 Gardner ... It wasn’t who? Nicky’s wet hair is plastered to his head. Nicky It wasn’t the. . . the robbers who. . . who killed mom. Gardner starts to sweat in the heat of the closed bathroo Gardner Nicky, did you see the line-up? Nicky I saw— Gardner Because that certainly was not the. . . robbers. It certa was not. Nicky But — Gardner
0) 32) text: Young man, I want you to understand something. People walk into my office every day who say they’ve met me and I don’t remember them at all. . . He works himself up: . .. Sometimes I see people I think I know and yet they t me later that we’ve never even met. Maybe they look like someone else, maybe they talk like someone else, maybe they’re related— Nicky But Dad, I — Gardner My point is that it’s a very shady business, this who you know and who you don’t know, often one is mistaken— very much mistaken and--and I’m telling you I got a good look at those clowns and I’d never seen them before. Nicky 44 Uncle Mitch promised if I ever— Gardner’s voice rises, almost breaks: Gardner Uncle Mitch doesn’t matter! He’s a buffoon! Nicky shrinks. Gardner brings himself up short and composes himself. Not fogged he removes them and takes a handkerchief out of hi Nicky watches. From somewhere downstairs, we hear Margare voice, filtering up into the utter quiet of the bathroom, "Please Release Me." Gardner starts to clean his glasses, the handkerchief squ ... This is a family matter, and I don’t want you talking Uncle Mitch about it. Is that understood. Nicky Yes sir. Gardner turns to leave. Gardner It’s a terrible, terrible tragedy.
0) 45) text: Is that right. Let me tell you something, buster. You are little boy. And at the moment, you are a very silly littl boy. And I guess that the day that what you want starts counting around here, that’!I be the day that you go into office and earn money for dinners that I can say no to. Nicky I don’t care when it is. Gardner Do you want to go into the office tomorrow? Because I can certainly arrange it. Nicky (sullenly) No sir. 57 Gardner Just say the word and I’ll pick up that telephone and cal Linda and tell her to expect Nicholas tomorrow. Picking up the phone: ... Shall I do that? Nicky (sullenly) No sir. Gardner Well then I won’t hear another word out of you.
0) 92) dialog: 109 He sits in a cheap formal parlor, on an uncomfortable-loo doesn’t quite let his feet touch the ground. He is chewin plate and a glass of milk sit on a side table next to him watches. The window behind him gives a view of a suburbia own. A car is pulling up the drive though no sound carries thr emerges from the car and we do just barely hear its door of the house, his gait suggesting that he is unused to ru pressed down against his suit coat to keep it from flappi Nick continues to watch TV. GARDNER’S CAR Gardner drives in a thin-lipped fury. Gardner How did you get to Mitch’s house? Who let you out? Nick is huddled in the corner of the passenger front seat Nicky Uncle Mitch brought me. Gardner grimly shakes his head. Gardner I don’t even want to think about the two of you talking. saying crazy, irresponsible thing. . . words have conse- quences Nicholas, yes? Silence. ... Yes? Again he shakes his head. ... You are in deep, deep doo-doo. He decides something. ... You’re going with us. To Aruba. You can’t be left to yourself. 110 He nods to himself. ... Margaret will understand. Nicky She’s dead. Gardner looks at him, not alarmed, merely uncomprehending Gardner . .. What? Nicky One of the men from Valley Forge came back. He kilt her. Gardner stares at him. Gardner ... One of the. . . what? He gives a strangled hiccough of surprise. He glances fro emits a short, barking, humorless laugh. Oh no. No, they wouldn’t do that... She’s waiting at home. .. No... He stares out at the street, his jaw working. He suddenly tears: ... Tl tell you one thing, son: I’m not going anywhere without Maggie. Oh God! Oh God! He bears down on the accelerator. The car is picking up s Nicky speaks in a small voice: Nicky Everybody’s dead. God is dead. Solemnly: Gardner Don’t ever say that, son. 111 Up ahead, their house is just coming into view. Parked ac Delta 88. Ira Sloan has just gotten out of the car and is house. At the whine of the approaching car he turns. His face is grotesquely swollen, eyes puffed down to slit approaching car, mouth agape, breath rattling, snot flowi He digs for his—Mitch’s—gun, finds it, levels it at the c Gardner punches the accelerator. Impact. From inside the car we see Ira Sloan’s body flip windshield directly in front of us, and flip back onto th Gardner blubbers. Nicky shrinks. Over Gardner’s wails another sound: a thud the car. The car exterior: Ira Sloan’s leg is caught on the roof l Back to the interior: the thudding of Ira Sloan’s body is being inside a drum. Nicky claps his hands to his ears. G Ira Sloan’s head flops down directly in front of us and b His face is ballooned. Blood streams across it. Nicky screams. Gardner blubbers. His foot presses the accelerator to the floor. Nicky screams. Ira Sloan’s head, bouncing with the car, sends blood stre Wind feathers the blood back across the glass. Nicky screams, looks from the windshield to Gardner. The car is speeding out of control. Gardner’s hands are clenched on the steering wheel. Nicky loose. 112 Gardner’s foot vibrates against the accelerator. Nicky’s The car hits a bump; there is the sound of rolling on the back window: Ira Sloan’s body rolls onto the trunk and then off onto t growing small fast as the car speeds along. Nicky looks back to Gardner who moans, gasping for air. Gardner clutches at his chest with one hand. His face is He is displaying the classic symptoms of myo-cardial infa Nicky pries at Gardner’s hands which rigidly grasp the wh his head slumps down against the wheel, staring, glassy-e Nicky screams. The car gives a tremendous jolt and he loo The car has jumped the curb in front of a white colonial manicured lawn, churning sod.