5) 2) dialog: I'm Dr. Gordon. A slightly-balding doctor in his mid-40's, DR. GORDON, lo briefly from a chart when he hears her stir. Sarah struggles to sit up.
6) 3) dialog: Sarah, I know it all sounds pretty grim, but we have very effective treatment programs. Many people go into remission and continue to live full healthy lives ... Dr. Gordon's voice drones on, but Sarah isn't listening a Her eyes stray to the clothes hanging in her closet. The ridiculous leopard-skin coat, leggings and boots.
79) 4) dialog: Look, this is serious. She left the hospital without my knowledge.
79) 7) dialog: 
79) 8) dialog: She has leukemia, Ms. Spalding. If she doesn't get treatment, she's not going to be mobile for long ... or breathing for that matter.
79) 11) dialog: He senses this is the most he's. going to get from this t cookie. .
79) 12) dialog: Thank you.
111) 0) text: Phil, Gayle, Daniel and Sarah sit in Dr. Gordon's office.
111) 3) dialog: yes, of course. We have an excellent chemo program. Once the disease goes into remission, depending on the patient's status, we look at the options: radiotherapy, bone marrow transplant, an umbilical cord blood trans-- Dr. Gordon stops abruptly and looks at Sarah. He turns to Gayle.
111) 4) dialog: May I speak to you two outside? pr. Gordon leads a confused Phil and Gayle into the hall. 96.
111) 6) dialog: It just hit me that ..- Sarah doesn't seem to care whether she lives or dies. Can you shed any light? ‘GAYLE - (outraged) What? Doesn't ca--
111) 7) dialog: (interrupting) Mrs. Russell, there's no time here for hurt feelings or indignation. I'm sorry, but you have to be frank with me. Sarah may need a psychiatrist as well ag a doctor right now. (beat) Has she been acting strangely? Depressed, suicidal, feelings of rage, guilt, hopelessness? pie GAYLE Well, she doesn't really-- (glances at Phil) Sarah's always been a quiet girl. Phil ignores Gayle's look.
123) 1) dialog: Good morning Sarah. Sarah has obviously undergone the first stages of chemoth Her hair has thinned, but hasn't all fallen out. It's pul in tiny tortoiseshell barrettes.
123) 5) dialog: (Joking) Well lucky for you Sarah, we got the license number of the semi that hit you.
123) 7) dialog: Okay, you tell me. What does it feel like?
123) 10) dialog: We'll know by tomorrow.
123) 12) dialog: Sarah, you just finished an intensive program. The effect is cumulative. Yesterday's treatment was your strongest yet and hopefully ... it's sent you into remission. Sarah looks at the anxious faces hovering over her.
125) 0) text: Dr. Vitale now talks to Phil and Gayle.
125) 1) dialog: Sarah has been repressing so many feelings for so long she doesn't know what she should be feeling now. That's why she didn't want to tell you about her illness. She knew you'd respond with an outpouring of emotion and she knew she wouldn't be able to handle it. His VOICEOVER continues over the following: cuT TO:
126) 1) dialog: Before the accident, you said she was a bright outgoing young girl. Afterwards, she took refuge in her guilt. She was a loner in high school. Introverted in the extreme. Lorraine appears in the doorway of the dark room, backlit bright hallway fluorescents. She gazes at Sarah's restles for a few minutes.
126) 2) dialog: (cont. ) Sarah has been turned off from her emotions like a child whose brain is disconnected from his nerve endings. (MORE) 110.
126) 3) dialog: Just like that child can't feel a physical touch of any sort, Sarah ~ hasn't been able to feel an emotional touch from anyone around her. Lorraine steps further into the room and we see that she carrying her heirloom quilt -- the beautifully-stitched p one. She gently drapes it over Sarah.
126) 4) dialog: (cont. ) Her detachment isn't a personal attack on you, she just couldn't feel anyone trying to get through ... until now. Lorraine places her cool hand on Sarah's forehead. Gayle wakes with a start as if the hand was pressed again own brow. She sees Lorraine and the two lock eyes. Mother to mother. Seeing that Sarah is okay, Gayle closes her eyes again. Sarah's restless movements slow and eventually stop, but doesn't wake. Lorraine watches a moment longer then leave cur TO:
136) 0) text: Dr. Winthrop supervises the Operation to remove Daniel's marrow. Daniel lies on his Stomach and cringes as a giant injects him with a spinal anaesthetic. cur To:
138) 0) text: Sarah looks worse than we have ever seen her. Unfortunate has to come to the verge of death to have a chance for li Dr. Winthrop directs the large needles which insert Danie healthy bone marrow into sarah's bones, CUT To: i2i.
140) 2) dialog: I'm really sorry, but this is a critical time. It'll be a week or two before we know if Sarah's body will take the new marrow. Until then she has to be isolated. cur To: