22) 0) text: Corn-fed PHIL and GAYLE RUSSELL are the definitive Midwes parents. Phil wears a mailman's uniform and Gayle wears. 21 blazing yellow blazer. They stand by the kitchen table. Both seem strangely tens they're suppressing something. The only noise is THE TODA squawking from the small tv on the counter.
22) 2) text: Hi honey. Gayle exchanges a look with Phil.
22) 3) dialog: We just talked to Carla. Apparently, you got an important call this morning. Sarah can't believe her ears. This is definitely not how wanted them to hear about her illness.
22) 5) dialog: You did it, sweetheart. Sarah is completely confused by these words.
27) 0) text: Gayle is sitting on her bed. Papers are spread around her sorts through them. Sarah KNOCKS softly and enters.
27) 1) dialog: Hi.
27) 3) dialog: Have a seat. Gayle pages through a pile of property listings, obviousl able to find what she's looking for.
27) 5) dialog: (distracted) Hmm? (beat) I'm sorry if Carla ruined your surprise.
27) 7) dialog: Who cuts your hair? You probably pay good money ... Sarah ducks her head away, trying to avoid her mother's h
27) 11) dialog: What do you pay? $30? $35?
27) 13) text: (turns) Look, mom, forget about my hair. Gayle tries to forget about the hair, but it's difficult. finally notices that Sarah's upset about something.
27) 14) dialog: : Sarah, if it‘s the money, don't worry. I already checked into a student loan.
27) 16) dialog: Oh come on. This is the only thing you've wanted to tackle since you graduated. (beat) You're just nervous. Phil sticks his head in the door as he passes by.
27) 18) dialog: All my brilliant offspring under the same roof. What more could a mother ask for? Gayle sees that something is still bothering Sarah.
27) 21) dialog: (cont. ) I know this Harvard thing is weird. You just resigned yourself to not going and now you're going so stop worrying. Gayle reaches out and hugs Sarah. From Sarah's expression this is very uncharacteristic -- she doesn't quite know h react. : Sarah looks at her mom and herself in the mirror. Gayle i happy. Sarah just doesn't know how to tell her the truth. cur TO:
41) 0) text: Phil and Gayle Russell sit at opposite ends of the dining Sarah and Daniel eat quietly.
41) 3) dialog: (interrupting, to Phil) What kind of a question is that to ask your daughter? She may be off on her own, but this is still her home. Gayle turns to Sarah and speaks with the barest hint of r
41) 4) dialog: (cont. ) She doesn't have to answer to us. Gayle and Phil both look to Sarah as if waiting for the a doesn't have to give. Silence.
41) 7) dialog: Now, Phil. Buddy's turned into a nice-looking young man.
42) 0) text: Phil and Gayle open the door. Buddy is standing outside, dressed in a button-down and j holds something behind his back.
42) 2) dialog: How's your dad? Buddy walks in and Phil closes the door.
78) 0) text: sarah is sick in bed. Gayle stands over her, looking at a thermometer.
78) 1) dialog: You've stumped me, Sarah. You've got a fever but no flu symptoms. Gayle is a bit unnerved by illness of any kind, but she s brightly to hide her discomfort.
78) 2) dialog: (cont. ) I'm just going in for a half day. I'll be back by one. (beat) You'll be okay? Sarah looks like hell. She nods wearily, but stops her mo before she can leave the room
78) 4) dialog: Yeah?
78) 6) dialog: well, just, you know ... Bill and Connie and ... Gladys-- (beat) Is there some reason I shouldn't? o~ ul a sarah pulls herself up to 4 sitting position.
78) 8) dialog: Honey, I’m sorry. I don't understand why it bothers you, but if that's what you want ... sarah slowly sinks back down to the pillows as Gayle leav cur TO:
85) 1) dialog: You need anything honey?
89) 0) text: sarah will never forget the moment of frustrated helpless established the course of her career.- But, she isn't about to relate that story in answer to th question. She runs her hands through her hair as if tryin the memory out of her head. But, she can't. The phone RINGS and a moment later, Gayle sticks her head door.
89) 1) dialog: Phone for you. (whispers) It's Buddy. sarah pulls herself together and puts on a happy face for mother .
89) 3) dialog: No idea. you feeling better? Sarah nods as she picks up the phone and Gayle discreetly retreats.
96) 0) text: It looks like the cover of a 1970's-era Milton Bradley ga Gayle, Daniel and Sarah sit at a rumpus room card table p Scrabble. Sarah takes her turn. . she's had a hell of a day, feels like shit and isn't real concentrating. .
107) 0) text: A huge banner is draped across the front of the house: “CONGRATULATIONS SARAH -- OUR LOSS IS HARVARD'S GAIN". People fill the front lawn, drinking from paper cups and No one pays any attention as Daniel and Sarah start to ge the car, but then Phil and Gayle walk out the door and no
108) 0) text: As Daniel unloads the groceries, Phil and Gayle lead sara to say "hi" to everyone. Sarah is doing a slow boil, but
108) 2) dialog: Well that would have ruined the surprise, honey.
108) 4) dialog: Did you and Buddy have a fight? I had to practically drag him to the party.
108) 10) dialog: Oh Buddy, you can't be serious. You just got here. ” BUDDY. No, really. A lot of boaters are heading up to the lake for the weekend. (beat, to Sarah) I gotta sell ‘em gas. Buddy obviously thinks his gas jockey status contributed rejection of him.
110) 0) text: Gayle is hanging up the phone with a devastated expressio face as Lorraine walks in from the back door.
110) 3) dialog: Why don't you ask your sister? Daniel looks from Gayle to Sarah, clueless. Sarah glares Lorraine in disbelief.
110) 5) dialog: (interrupting) Carla just called. You got another important phone call ... from a Dr. Gordon. The dam of Gayie's grief and anger bursts. 94.
110) 6) dialog: (loud) What the hell kind of game are you playing Sarah? I mean, what were you gonna do ... just die in your room? Let me find out later that you were sick? “DANIEL Mom, she was just-- Gayle turns on Daniel angrily.
110) 7) dialog: She's got leukemia, Daniel ... and I guess she just didn't feel like telling us. Daniel turns to stare at Sarah, hoping she will deny it.
110) 10) dialog: (incredulous) You couldn’t teil your own mother, but you told her?
110) 12) dialog: {to Sarah) Are you trying to hurt me? 95. Gayle's tears start up again as she crosses the floor and daughter tightly.
110) 13) dialog: (muffled) Don't ... don't. We're not sure what Gayle is telling Sarah not to do. Don her? Don't die? Sarah pats her mother's back and locks ey Lorraine. This is why she didn't want to tell anyone. curT TO:
111) 0) text: Phil, Gayle, Daniel and Sarah sit in Dr. Gordon's office.
111) 2) dialog: So ... what do we do now? Is there treatment? Chemotherapy? What? Sarah barely appears to be listening to this discussion a future. Dr. Gordon is baffled by her behavior. He has to deliberately pull his attention back to Gayle.
122) 1) dialog: Sarah ... you okay?
123) 0) text: Sarah is in a hospital bed. As she wakes up, she notices of people around her: Phil, Gayle, Daniel, Dr. SHELLY WIN and Buddy.
123) 9) dialog: (anxiously) So ... did it work?
125) 0) text: Dr. Vitale now talks to Phil and Gayle.
126) 0) text: Sarah's room is dark. She's asleep, but tosses restlessly the thin hospital sheet. Gayle is slumped in a bedside chair, more asleep than awa
129) 0) text: Gayle watches anxiously as Sarah leaves the house, clutch quilt. The yearning in her eyes is heart-wrenching. Does her dau care more about the woman across the street than her own 113.
134) 2) dialog: I remember when you went up to that podium. Sarah is startled as she looks up and sees her mom standi her shoulder. Gayle sits down next to Sarah.
134) 3) dialog: (cont. ) You were so nervous. Terrified. we didnt know if you were actually going to be able to get any words out.
134) 5) dialog: But, then you pulled it off with such finesse. You could always fool us Sarah. . (beat) How was I supposed to know you were hurting? Sarah is uncomfortable. She and her mother do not discuss like this.
134) 7) dialog: Don't be angry. (rethinks) Or be angry if you want, but just don't hold it in. 118.
134) 9) dialog: Sarah, your father and I were wrong to ignore what happened. Sarah stands, anxious to end this conversation.
134) 11) dialog: And then I probably latched onto the Harvard idea so strongly because it was an easy fix -- something I could get excited about without having to look too closely.
134) 13) dialog: Honey, don‘t shut me out-- Sarah interrupts her softly but firmly. She can't take mu
135) 0) text: Gayle is standing at the sink, peeling potatoes, staring kitchen window into the back yard. Tears glisten in her e Silently, Sarah enters the kitchen, opens the refrigerato gets a Coke. She heads back to her room, but pauses in th doorway. Sarah sets the Coke on the counter and wraps her arms aro mother's waist, resting her head on her back. Gayle stops the potatoes and turns to hug her daughter. cur To:
140) 0) text: Phil, Gayle, Buddy and Daniel look in on her. pr, Winthro up to them. She looks tired, but tries to smile reassurin
140) 1) dialog: Can we go see her?