18) 0) text: A younger Lorraine and her husband, HOWARD, arrive home t ambulance and police car parked in front of the house. A few NEIGHBORS mill about the front yard, speculating wh trouble might be. They stop whispering and turn to stare see Lorraine approaching. She eyes them back, terrified. 14.
19) 0) text: Lorraine is washing the dirt from her hands and staring i mirror above the sink, mesmerized. Her husband, Howard, w her for a moment before repeating his question. He has ki and a patient smile. HOWARD . Lorraine, what are you looking at? Lorraine snaps out of it with a start. She seems surprise herself in the bathroom, but recovers quickly.
20) 2) dialog: Which one? Lorraine sits down across from her husband and makes it c she’s not amused.
20) 4) dialog: So ... Sarah's home. He looks at her over the top of his paper. She avoids his drinks her coffee. cur TO:
23) 2) dialog: I'm in meetings ‘til 6:15. Jon? Jon is walking out the back door.
23) 8) dialog: quiet) Jon's driving. I'11 take you out to Reservoir Road this weekend for a few practice runs.
23) 12) dialog: (cont., sighs) I'll try and bring some home at lunch.
49) 0) text: Lorraine enters the room and watches Howard. His face is in sleep and he almost looks as young and hopeful as Budd Lorraine lies down a safe distance from him. She reaches touches his cheek, smiling at the SCRATCH of his stubble. o~ but doesn't wake. It's obvious Lorraine wouldn't have nerve to do it if he had been awake. 37. cuT TO:
53) 0) text: Howard walks in. Jon and Rick are eating cereal and cramm final exams.
53) 1) dialog: Can you guys get your own lunches today? Your mom isn't ... feeling well. Jon barely looks up from his biology text.
53) 6) text: Howard makes a cup of instant coffee, grimacing at the ta
53) 7) dialog: Don't worry. It's not so bad. I just talked to her. She's okay.
61) 0) text: Howard pulls into the driveway to a bizarre sight: an ove WOMAN in a navy pantsuit is standing by the front door. H flutter to her mouth and then back to her side as she tri decide what to do. Howard turns to look where she's looki with her hair flying loose and her robe whipping in the w wild-looking Lorraine is POUNDING the rosebushes to 4 fra pulp with the baseball bat. she mutters under her breath as she swings with methodica first left then right then left ... Howard gets out of the car.
61) 2) dialog: It's okay, Gladys.
61) 5) dialog: (softly) Honey? Lorraine? She looks up suddenly and sees Howard. she smiles sweetly a child and holds up one finger in a “just a minute" gest
61) 7) dialog: (smiling too) Honey, I'11 finish that later. Let's go inside. He slowly reaches out, takes the baseball bat from her ha starts to lead her to the house.
61) 8) dialog: (cont. ) We're going to plant something new there. How about some tulips?
62) 0) text: Howard quickly pulls the door shut behind them. Lorraine jnto Howard's eyes intently.
62) 2) dialog: torraine, you get like this every year on her birthday. Lorraine YANKS herself out of Howard's grip with a sudden violence. His eyes betray how much her rejection hurts pe can hide it, but his voice is full of patience.
62) 3) dialog: qcont., gently) You've just got to hold it together.
62) 5) dialog: (confused) Who? Lorraine looks across the street.
66) 1) text: Lorraine sits on the edge of the tub. She's covered with brambles and tiny cuts from the thorns on the rosebushes. Howard kneels in front of her, washing her off with a was He gently applies antiseptic to her cuts and puts bandage Lorraine's eyes slowly regain focus. She's back among the Howard looks up as if sensing this.
66) 2) dialog: You okay? Lorraine nods, but then starts crying.
70) 1) dialog: I need to speak to you.
71) 0) text: Sarah leads Howard into the den, reassuring her parents t everything is fine and closing the door on their curious
71) 1) dialog: Have you been talking to my wife? 50.
71) 3) dialog: Do you really think that's wise? sarah pauses, mentally measuring her words before speakin
71) 5) dialog: unfortunately, you in my wife's life ... is causing harm. Sarah is visibly upset. Howard doesn't want to make her f worse, but he's got to get his point across.
71) 6) dialog: (cont. } Sarah ... it was an accident and you've been able to put it behind you. Sarah's eyes widen in disbelief at this statement. Howard notice.
71) 7) dialog: (cont. ) But, Lorraine can't forget it and seeing you does not help. We have to live with it every day. In order for us to do that, I have to ask you to stay away from Lorraine while you're home.
71) 9) dialog: It doesn't matter. (quietly) Please just let her be. He doesn't wait for her answer or for her to show him out cur TO:
71) 10) text: Lorraine finishes drying the dinner dishes. she places th their carefully designated places in the cupboard. She tu the kitchen, needing something else to do ... but her hom perfect order. There's nothing else she can do. Howard walks in. He wants to touch her. To hug her. To so
71) 11) dialog: (quiet) No one's going to bother you anymore. But, he just leaves. Lorraine watches him go and slowly d one of the kitchen chairs, lowering her head inte her han cUuT TO:
86) 4) dialog: Don't worry. I've been trained by the best.
86) 6) dialog: You have paint on your nose. Lorraine pauses to wipe it, spreading more pale green pai nose and even getting a smear on her cheek.
86) 8) dialog: Good. You're starting to look like the Wicked Witch of the West. Lorraine looks at Howard for a moment, wondering if that' veiled comment on her attitude. But, his smile is innocen He takes a rag and very carefully wipes the paint off her They are very close and we see a brief hint of the chemis brought these two together. Lorraine steps back awkwardly and the spell is broken.
86) 10) dialog: who's this one for? 62.
86) 13) dialog: I thought ... you didn't want to have anything to do with her.
86) 15) dialog: But-- Howard hesitates, but then lets it go. He doesn't really say "You said it after you demolished the rose bushes". H at his watch.
86) 16) dialog: --you're right and I'm late. He gives her a peck on the cheek and heads out. cur TO:
92) 0) text: Howard pulls in the driveway. He gets out of the car and the front door.
93) 7) dialog: (interrupting) Lorraine, stop it. Startled, Lorraine and Sarah look up to see Howard, who h entered unnoticed.
93) 9) dialog: , No Lorraine.
93) 11) dialog: (interrupting) What? It would all be okay? You'd be a whole person? We'd be a normal , family again? Howard rips his coat off and throws it over a chair. Ther rs ember of frustration that’s been smoldering in Howard Now it's igniting.
93) 12) dialog: (cont. } you know, Lorraine, for twelve years, every look you gave me said “Why didn't you fix the latch on the , basement door like you promised you : would?". (beat) ao Every look you gave the boys said “why did you fight and distract Sarah?" This information is a revelation to Lorraine.
93) 14) dialog: Don't you think I've been hurting? or the boys? We miss her every day. (beat) There are no answers for your “why"'s Lorraine. Bad things happen to good people. All the time. It's no one's fault. Howard is getting through to Lorraine. For once, she's ab her own sorrow aside and see another point-of-view.
93) 16) dialog: o~ yeah. They used to have a mother. They really liked her too. The screen door, caught by the wind, SLAMS behind Sarah, left unnoticed.
93) 17) dialog: : (quietly) Everyone used to like her. after a moment, Howard runs out after Sarah.
94) 1) dialog: Sarah! Wait! garah doesn't slow and Howard runs after her.
95) 0) text: Howard reaches Sarah and stops her from entering her hous ~~ she turns, he sees that the dam has finally burst and stop crying.
95) 2) dialog: Oh God, Sarah. I wasn't gonna yell at you. I know it's not your fault.
95) 4) dialog: None of it is your fault. Okay? Howard isn't satisfied until sarah meets his eyes and nod imperceptibly. 74. Howard suddenly realizes the intimacy of their situation the front yard. He draws his hands back and laughs self- consciously-
95) 5) dialog: She actually walked across the street? sarah's breath hitches in her throat as she struggles to her usually-impregnable composure.
95) 7) dialog: She didn't say a word to me.
95) 9) dialog: Well, if that's the fault of anyone we know ... tell her "thank you".
97) 17) dialog: They still got Harding?
97) 19) dialog: I'll get there as soon as I can. Try to save the major ass-kicking for the later innings. Lorraine smiles and she can almost hear Jon smiling as he
97) 23) dialog: (softly) Hi. I'm going to bed. Howard walks over to kiss her goodnight. Lorraine hesitat turns the chaste kiss into a real one. Howard breathes in scent of her freshly-washed hair and is surprised to find aroused. Lorraine rinses her paintbrush.
97) 25) dialog: Are you done with that?
97) 26) text: For now. Unless you want to stand here, hold hands and watch the paint dry. Howard stares at his wife as if he doesn't quite recogniz Slowly and very deliberately, she takes his face in her h kisses him thoroughly. He tentatively touches her back, trailing his fingers alo jawline as he kisses her. They're like teenagers discovering the magic of sexual at for the first time. She leads him inside the house and do hall to their bedroom.
98) 0) text: The bed is pleasantly rumpled. Howard lies back and pulis to him tightly. She fits perfectly in the crook of his ar
98) 1) dialog: God, you feel good. I can't remember-~ He stops himself abruptly.
98) 3) dialog: No, I remember. I think Reagan was President. They laugh and kiss lingeringly.
98) 5) dialog: (wicked) Well, if I didn't before ... Howard props himself up on an elbow and looks at his wife He runs a finger down her jawline, seemingly mesmerized b
98) 6) dialog: (suddenly serious) Yeah ... I guess I do. cuT To: 79.
101) 6) dialog: What?
101) 9) dialog: You coming?
113) 8) dialog: Mmm- hmmm.
114) 0) text: sarah is just knocking at their front door as Howard and pull into the driveway.
141) 1) text: Dressed in a black suit. His face is unusually solemn, 122. The monotone drone of a PRIEST can be heard faintly. Ther pause, then ... : Buddy turns te Sarah. she's there. She's alive, And she's dressed in white. He lifts a small veil and kis They turn to face the small congregation, which includes RUSSELL's, the MORRISEY's and a beaming Mr. Carroll. LORRAINE squeezes Howard's hand as she watches Sarah with pride of a mother.