5) 0) text: Sarah wakes up in a sterile gray room, in a stiff white b —_ surrounded by all that medical stuff.
12) 0) text: The GRATING SOUND is Sarah's car SCRAPING against the gua on the right side of the road. She fell asleep. Waking and panicking, she overcompensates and swerves lef two lanes and onto the grassy median, where she slams on brakes. Luckily, the road is deserted. Sarah's face is streaked with tears. She buries her head hands. Slowly, she looks up and is taken aback by the subtle bea Midwest sunrise ... the palest lavenders, pinks and grays with wispy clouds. How could anything be wrong on a day like this? cut TO:
50) 0) text: Buddy pulls up in front of a carefully-repaired gray shin behind the gas station. Seeing no lights on in the house, around to the shop.
52) 0) text: Millions of stars provide the only canopy for this open a section of the shed. A tinny portable tv is tuned to Jay RAY CARROLL dozes on a raggedy couch. Even asleep, his ki is lined and careworn. Buddy drapes an old thermal blanket over his father and t tv off. cur To:
56) 0) text: The sorrowful look is still there in Lorraine's eyes. Twe have barely softened the pain. . Now anger has joined in the fray. cUuT TO:
58) 0) text: Buddy and Ray sit at the breakfast table. They sip coffee cinnamon rolis out of a cheap plastic bakery package. Ray is reading BODYWORKS, a trade magazine for “automotiv craftsmen". He can't stop CHUCKLING at something he's rea
58) 2) dialog: You ain't gonna believe this. (beat) It says here they did a survey of a hunnert attractive young females in Los Angeleeze, Dallas and Chicago, asking 'em what profession their ideal man would hafta be. Guess what they said?
58) 4) dialog: (cool) Auto-motive mechanic. Buddy eyes his father suspiciously.
58) 5) dialog: (cont: } No, really. They figure they're gonna get in enough fender benders throughout their life ... it must be worth it. A KNOCK sounds on the back door. Buddy jumps up to let Sa she's a vision. Even ina white t-shirt and jeans she's be than anything the Carrolls have seen in the neighborhood long time.
58) 7) dialog: How ‘bout a cinn'mun roll Sarah?
58) 9) dialog: sweet enough already, eh? sarah rolls her eyes, but still blushes. Buddy can't beli father actually said that. Ray LAUGHS, pleased that he ac the desired result on both counts.
58) 10) dialog: What can we do for ya?
119) 0) text: Sarah enters the station and approaches Ray, who snoozes leather chair.
119) 2) dialog: (looking up) Well, hey Sarah. I don't really know if he's here. To tell the truth, I was takin' a littie nap. (beat) You need some gas pumped? Maybe a dent fixed? Sarah narrows her eyes at the veiled accusation in Ray's
119) 4) dialog: . (interrupting) Ain't too many other ways to look (MORE) 103.
119) 5) dialog: at it when you get the brush-off from a girl you-- Ray stops himself, realizing he's talking too much.
119) 7) dialog: You bet he is. (beat) Ten years ago, he came in that same doorway you're standing in. I'd never seen him so excited. He was talkin' so fast I caught about one word in five. But, one of the ones I kept catchin' was Sarah ... Sarah ... Sarah. Unseen by either Ray or Sarah, Buddy almost walks in from of the garage. He quickly steps back into the lengthening when he hears them.
119) 9) dialog: Now remember this was the boy who'd give his Matchbox cars away if another kid didn't have none. Or his comics or his baseball cards. He was generous to a fault. (beat) But, the way he said your name ... I knew if he had ya he'd never let you go. And the way he'd treat ya, you'd never wanna leave, A wave of emotion washes over Buddy's face. Corny as the expression of it may be, every word his father says is tr
119) 10) dialog: 
119) 11) dialog: (shrugs) Maybe I was readin‘ a bit much into the ramblin's of an eleven year old. Sarah is speechless. Ray suddenly realizes how much he's
119) 12) dialog: And I know I definitely talk too much, You want me to tell him you came by? 104. SARAH . Tell him I'm going away and I'm--
121) 0) text: Ray is neither startled nor surprised when Buddy walks in back.
121) 1) dialog: Didja catch all that?
121) 3) dialog: Hey! What do I got to do? When did it get so hard for people to just come out and say somethin’? You two care about each other. That's more than most people start with. (frustrated) If you'd just get past your stupid soap opera posturin' and say two words to each other.
121) 7) dialog: Son, I don't know what she told ya but she came here. Now. To see you. (flustered) A moron could see this! Buddy wants to believe but can't let himself.
121) 9) dialog: No more than you get from torturin' yourself. (finally) You didn't see her face, Buddy. Buddy finally looks directly at his father. Slowly, he no