1) 0) text: sitting next to one of the famous lions is SARAH RUSSELL years-old and “girl next door" pretty. With dark smudges fatigue under her eyes, she resembles a delicate china do past her bedtime. She seems to be concentrating on the traffic at this busy intersection. The remains of a half-eaten sack lunch are her.
1) 1) dialog: If I had to choose one word to . describe my life, it would have to be "random". Events don't happen in a logical progression. No rhyme. No reason. Sarah stands. She walks down the last two steps, throws h away and strides down the street.
2) 0) text: Sarah enters the imposing Art Deco building with tasteful arranged window displays.
3) 1) dialog: In fact, I thrive on the surprises life seems determined to keep throwing at me. For instance, though I graduated from the University of Chicago at the top of my class, I didn't make it into Harvard Med school. Two years later, I'm an assistant buyer at Marshall Fields. And I don't even like to shop. She enters an office and takes a seat at one of the many identically-functional desks. She does paperwork as peopl to trickle back from lunch. Sarah smiles as various employees greet her, but no one e her in conversation.
3) 2) dialog: I don’t have any friends. Well, not really.
4) 0) text: An open plan apartment with hardwood floors -- the living kitchen and dining room all share the same space. A too-hip woman with brilliant curly red hair plays a key The volume is way up. Her name is CARLA. SARAH (V.0.). Even my roommate and I. We have more of a truce than a friendship. Sarah comes padding out of a room in her pajamas, squinti rubbing her eyes.
4) 2) dialog: Getting some water. As Sarah fills a glass at the sink, Carla turns the volum notch. Sarah glances at a clock on the wall. It's 1:30 AM
4) 3) dialog: Carla wonders why I never say anything. Most people would kill for a roommate like me. I think she assumes I'm scolding her for being too loud by being too quiet. Sarah pads back to her bedroom as Carla digs into a spect solo. cur To:
4) 4) text: MARTINE, Sarah's boss and the very picture of chic sits i chair watching six-foot-tall models come and go in forma] Sarah sits beside Martine, taking notes on her decisions. A Chilean designer named RODRIGO stands nearby giving the on each outfit. An ASSISTANT runs up and whispers in Rodr ear. He is annoyed by the news.
4) 7) dialog: Martine does not realize how much this humiliates me. She thinks I get a thrill from playing a poor man's Cindy Crawford. But, Sarah seems resigned to her newest job requirement. Martine's urging, she adds a slight burlesque swing to he Martine LAUGHS and applauds.
4) 8) dialog: Fur coats in May. It's a twisted business. Getting into it, Sarah twirls so the coat swings around M Thomas-style. Suddenly, without warning, mid-twirl even, collapses to the stage. Unconscious. Martine runs up to h
5) 0) text: Sarah wakes up in a sterile gray room, in a stiff white b —_ surrounded by all that medical stuff.
5) 1) dialog: And it doesn't matter that I want to become one, I still don't like waking up.in a hospital bed face- to-face with--
5) 3) dialog: (hoarse) Can I go now? Sarah is surprised at how cracked and weak her voice soun Slipping into the role of able person to her helpless pat Gordon pours her a glass of water. o~ . DOCTOR GORDON No, Sarah, I'm afraid we need you to stay while we run a few tests.
5) 4) text: And run a few tubes up my nose and stick an I.V. in my hand... Sarah looks down and sees the needle already in her hand.
5) 5) dialog: (laughing to herself) Too late. (beat) Look, I got dizzy and passed out. Since when does that call for tests?
5) 7) dialog: Now this is news.
5) 8) text: It‘*s a sign the body's dealing with something. If we can identify that something perhaps we can help your body deal with it. Sarah lies back dejectedly.
6) 0) text: Sarah sits up in her bed. Physically, she looks better, b judging from the shocked look on her face, she's just got bad news.
6) 1) dialog: Leukemia? Dr. Gordon speaks seriously but soothingly.
6) 2) text: (nodding) Acute myeloginous. (quickly ) It's not as bad as it sounds, Sarah. ‘SARAH (sarcastic) . I didn't mean to jump:'to conclusions. Please tell me the positive side of having cancer.
6) 4) dialog: I want to go home. cur TO:
7) 0) text: Sarah, dressed in the leopard-skin coat, tights and boots making a call. Tourists in shorts and t-shirts stare at h curiously as they buy their Snapple and Cheetoes. It‘s 85
7) 1) dialog: (into phone) Just call me at home if anything urgent comes up. Sarah moves to hang up, then glances at the hospital brac still encircling her wrist. She tries to pull it off, but budging.
7) 2) dialog: (cont. ) Carla? Yeah. If a Doctor Gordon calls, you don't know where I am. Sarah hangs up. After a moment, she picks the phone back coins in, dials another number and waits as the line RING RINGS. Finally, a machine picks up on the other end and t is heard. Sarah hesitates, uncertain ... then finally spe
7) 3) text: (faltering) Mom, dad, it's Sarah ... (long pause) I'm coming home for a visit. I should get in around 7:00 tomorrow morning.
7) 5) dialog: I'm not going home for the reasons you might think: love, comfort, parental support. I've always been kind of ... self-sufficient. Sarah walks up to the counter and puts down a l-liter Mou Dew. The teenage CLERK stares curiously at her outlandish and the ripped hospital bracelet as he rings up her purch cur TO:
8) 0) text: Sarah is obviously exhausted as she drives down the almos deserted highway. She drinks her Mountain Dew and has Sma Pumpkins cranked as loud as her speakers will allow.
8) 1) dialog: You might think the fact that I happen to be one of the 25,000 adults diagnosed with leukemia annually would support my random theory, but for once it appears cosmic justice has caught up with me. Because, as it happens, I deserve to die. (beat) But, that's just not the kind of message you leave on your parents’ answering machine. she passes a cop that has pulled someone over. Instinctiv taps the brakes.
8) 2) dialog: Why do I slow down? I don't know. It's not like the cop is going to throw down his ticket pad and come after me. (MORE)
8) 3) text: (beat) . Even if he did, I now have the perfect excuse: I'm dying and I've got to hurry up and do some shit. pulsing beat or no, Sarah's eyelids are drooping.
10) 0) text: In the kitchen, a gawky 12-year-old Sarah makes popcorn a stove. An adorable one-year-old, JENNIFER, watches curiou her walker. Jon and Ricky can be heard yelling at each ot
10) 1) dialog: (yelling) Guys! Truce now or the tv goes off and the pajamas go on! The sound of the two boys fighting in the living room gro deafening pitch. Sarah looks at Jennifer and raises her e
11) 0) text: Sarah has to step in and physically separate the brawling brothers.
11) 1) dialog: Okay, what's the problem?
11) 5) dialog: I'd hate to have to throw all that popcorn away. Jon and Ricky eye each other, pondering a truce borne out mutual hunger. Suddenly, Sarah looks around.
11) 6) dialog: Where's Jennifer? And then she hears a strange NOISE as of something THUMPI against something else. It builds and turns into a horrib GRATING SOUND.
12) 0) text: The GRATING SOUND is Sarah's car SCRAPING against the gua on the right side of the road. She fell asleep. Waking and panicking, she overcompensates and swerves lef two lanes and onto the grassy median, where she slams on brakes. Luckily, the road is deserted. Sarah's face is streaked with tears. She buries her head hands. Slowly, she looks up and is taken aback by the subtle bea Midwest sunrise ... the palest lavenders, pinks and grays with wispy clouds. How could anything be wrong on a day like this? cut TO:
13) 0) text: The sun is a little higher in the sky when Sarah pulls in filling station. 10. BUDDY CARROLL, a a good-looking 21-year-old, walks over a scrape along the passenger side of the car.
13) 2) dialog: Ohmigod, I'm sorry. (helping him up) Are you okay? Reeling like a punch-drunk fighter, he blinks his eyes as up at her. The sun is behind her and he only sees an ange silhouette.
13) 4) dialog: (incredulous) Buddy?
13) 6) dialog: You're so ... big.
13) 8) dialog: I'm sorry. I'm so used to self- serve.
14) 0) text: Buddy leads Sarah in. He rings up the gas.
14) 3) dialog: Forget where I am. (smiles) You know you're the only gas station on earth that doesn't take credit cards.
14) 5) dialog: How's he doin'? Sarah's catches herself with a grimace. She's been home f minutes and is already picking up the native drawl she wo hard to get rid of.
14) 8) dialog: Now there's an offer I don't get every day. 12. Buddy shakes his head, embarrassed.
14) 10) dialog: Ohhh. Thanks. I‘11 think about it.
14) 12) dialog: I was gonna ask you.
14) 15) dialog: I really don't think I'm gonna be home long, Buddy, but thanks ... There is an awkward beat as Sarah hesitates before leavin
15) 0) text: Sarah drives through the almost-deserted Main Street then onto a residential street.
16) 0) text: Two WOMEN in their 50's dressed in hideous sweatsuits are racewalking. Their breathing is labored and they seem nea collapse. They stop to watch Sarah's car pass.
17) 0) text: Across the street, a WOMAN watches Sarah enter the house. In her mid-40's, LORRAINE MORRISEY is just starting to go Though her eyes are cold, a vague afterimage of the attra woman she once was persists. She stares at the door Sarah went through for a few momen she picks up her clippers and goes back to pruning her sp rose bushes, fixating on the roses as she clips methodica
21) 0) text: Sarah hears voices talking excitedly in the kitchen as sh in the doorway.
21) 1) dialog: Hello? The voices abruptly stop. Sarah pauses, a little confused walks into ...
22) 4) dialog: I can explain ...
24) 0) text: The house is quiet. Everyone has left to live their lives Sarah sits in front of the tv. OPRAH is on, but she seems staring through the screen. Slowly, she stands and approaches the bay window facing t street. Carefully remaining hidden behind the curtains, s at the Morrisey house. cur TO:
26) 0) text: It's difficult, but Sarah pulls herself away from the win Suddenly, her attention is caught by Oprah's intro:
27) 0) text: Gayle is sitting on her bed. Papers are spread around her sorts through them. Sarah KNOCKS softly and enters.
27) 2) dialog: Got a minute? Gayle is a little surprised. This isn't like Sarah. Gayle empty spot on the bedspread.
27) 4) dialog: You were probably wondering why I came home like I did...
27) 6) dialog: It wasn't about med school. When Gayle looks up, she notices Sarah's disheveled hair. starts to smooth it.
27) 10) dialog: No mom, it’s okay, I only use my bad money. Gayle is too preoccupied to catch Sarah's sarcasm... or m just doesn't listen.
27) 12) dialog: 
27) 13) text: (turns) Look, mom, forget about my hair. Gayle tries to forget about the hair, but it's difficult. finally notices that Sarah's upset about something.
27) 15) dialog: It's not that. I just don't know if this is the right thing for me to be tackling right now-- Gayle is surprised by Sarah's reluctance, but laughs it o
28) 0) text: The next day, we see Sarah sitting in the same spot deep thought. she rubs the bridge of her nose as if trying to some pain. She tries to pull herself out of it by flipping through t channels.
28) 1) dialog: Why can't I just tell my mother? Maybe I just want to hold onto my normal life a little bit longer. Well ... (a little laugh) «+. My reasonable facsimile of a normal life. OPRAH is on again. Sarah doesn't want to watch it, but so draws her to it.
30) 0) text: Sarah stands waiting. She suddenly realizes she's holding breath and lets it out. After several moments, she decides to walk around the sid house. cuT TO:
31) 1) dialog: (through screen door) Lorraine recognizes Sarah instantly, but remains silent, hoping she will just go away.
32) 0) text: Sarah may have psyched herself up for this, but now that here ... her resolve wants to abandon her. She's never be nervous, but she forces herself to try conversation.
32) 1) dialog: (cont. ) Well, I just wanted to come over and say "hi". Can I come in? Lorraine still doesn't say anything. Sarah hesitates but enters anyway. 22.
33) 0) text: Sarah looks around curiously, Like a tenant interested in the space. Lorraine looks up, surprised by Sarah's audaci *awkward“ doesn't begin to describe this meeting. It's ob these two haven't spoken in years.
33) 1) dialog: I came by to-- Sarah stops abruptly. How is she supposed to do this? Blu “can you forgive me?"? Lorraine looks up, almost as if sh Sarah's thoughts. Sarah avoids Lorraine's intense gaze and instead fingers half-finished treasures until she sees the beautiful moth pearl chest. She tries to use it to jump start a conversa
33) 2) dialog: That's beautiful.
33) 4) dialog: Maybe.
33) 8) dialog: (hesitant) I was hoping you could help me find something. Sarah's so tense she can't keep a quaver out of her voice struggling to be casual, Sarah leans against an ancient t Unfortunately, one leg is loose and it teeters precarious Lorraine jumps up to steady it before it falls.
33) 10) dialog: Are you sure? Maybe you could--
33) 12) dialog: Well, thanks anyway. Sarah backs out the door hesitantly.
34) 0) text: Sarah leans against the house for a moment out of Lorrain sightline before heading back to her house. It's obvious regretting her move.
35) 0) text: Lorraine struggles to concentrate on what she's doing. Af Moment, she looks out the screen door and watches Sarah's departing back with an intense curiosity she couldn't let show before.
36) 0) text: sarah's 21-year-old brother, DANIEL, pulls up in front of house in his battered Ford Escort. The car is loaded with and bags of dirty laundry. Rather than unload his car, Daniel pulls a basketball out starts shooting baskets on their driveway. He is tall and with an outgoing exuberance.
36) 1) dialog: Hey! Welcome home stranger. Daniel looks up to see Sarah returning from the Morrisey She runs up and gives him a hug.
36) 3) dialog: dust saying “hi".
36) 5) dialog: (shrugging it off) Of course. Does she ever leave?
36) 9) dialog: How's your head? oo 25. Buddy lifts his hair to show the bruised bump on his fore
36) 10) dialog: Ooooh. God, I am so sorry. I really whacked you.
36) 12) dialog: Oh ... sure. Let me just get that. I'll be right back. Sarah runs into the house. Daniel and Buddy eye each othe breaks the tense silence.
37) 0) text: Breathless, Sarah races in and picks up the phone.
37) 1) dialog: Hello? fhere is silence for a moment and Sarah instantly senses S. 26.
37) 3) dialog: No... it was me. I don't know what I was thinking just barging in like that. I had no right-~
37) 5) dialog: (relieved) Okay.
40) 2) dialog: Are you kidding?
40) 4) dialog: Buddy, that's a great price, but it's no way to run a business.
40) 6) dialog: Customer relations? (beat) Okay, Henry. Do I even need to ask what the catch is? 28.
40) 8) dialog: Lemme guess ... a date?
40) 10) dialog: Bud-- (catching herself) Henry. (beat) I don't want you to take this the wrong way ... Buddy looks down at the ground, humiliated. Sarah relents
40) 11) dialog: (cont. ) ++» but okay. He looks up and smiles.
40) 13) dialog: How'd you get started doing this? Lorraine continues to work, hoping the question will fade woodwork. But, it just hangs in the air.
40) 15) dialog: Wow. All I ever learned from my grandma was how to swear in Italian. (off Lorraine's look) Hey ... it's been useful.
40) 16) text: Lorraine smiles faintly and notices as Sarah rubs her eye
40) 17) dialog: (cont. ) But, I don’t remember you doing this before. How'd you start this business? Lorraine does not appreciate anything vaguely resembling degree. But, Sarah's direct gaze says she's going to keep no matter what. .
40) 20) dialog: What about one like this? Relieved, Lorraine stands up and moves to look over Sarah shoulder.
40) 22) dialog: But you could do it?
40) 24) dialog: Come with me to Malloy's and we'll see what he has. Lorraine sits back down to her varnishing. 30.
40) 26) dialog: When's the last time you were up there? (mo answer) Come on. I need your expert eye.
40) 28) dialog: Why wait?
40) 30) dialog: (brief hesitation) Is it because you don't want to leave the house? Lorraine looks up from her work slowly. Her eyes are flin smolders there.
41) 0) text: Phil and Gayle Russell sit at opposite ends of the dining Sarah and Daniel eat quietly.
41) 2) dialog: Oh, um. It's just a really quiet time for Martine-- 31.
41) 10) dialog: (acid) Thank you. Thank you very much. Sarah reluctantly rises and follows her parents into the 32.
42) 4) dialog: (to Buddy) Hi.
42) 6) dialog: Bye. She takes a grateful Buddy by the arm and quickly pulls h the door.
43) 0) text: Buddy walks Sarah to his truck.
43) 2) dialog: I'm sorry. They've gotten kind of flaky in their old age. Stepford parents with brief flashes of lucidity. As Buddy holds the door of his truck for her, he finally to give Sarah the small bouquet of daisies from behind hi ‘BUDDY - It's not a corsage but ... Sarah takes them and breathes in their fragrance.
43) 3) dialog: Buddy Carroll, the romantic mechanic. who would have guessed? Buddy is a little hurt by the hint of sarcasm Sarah can't of her voice.
44) 0) text: This is a honky-tonk. It is not a subtle place. The beer freely, many a delicate foot is stepped on by a clunky bo you might get scorched stepping between some of the smold glances being exchanged. Not Sarah's kind of place. Buddy and Sarah are sitting at a small table near the dan nursing two draft beers. Buddy taps his foot as he watche dancing. Sarah stares into her beer.
44) 2) dialog: Bmmm? os 34. Buddy catches her glancing around apprehensively.
44) 4) dialog: Buddy, I hate to tell you, but line dancing isn't really my thing. Buddy stares at her until she drops her eyes.
44) 6) dialog: Buddy. I never did figure out the rules in high school. Are you gonna hold it against me that I was a senior when you were a fresh-- (stops herself) No. I'm not going to have this conversation. I already hear myself defending something that I have no reason to be defensive about.
44) 9) dialog: Fine, but I don't wanna dance. Buddy obviously wants to bridge the gulf between them and convinced that this is the way. Sarah will take some conv
44) 11) dialog: Buddy! It's line dancing. I don't know how to do it. I don't want to know how to do it. How can I lead?
44) 13) text: Sarah softens her words with a weak smile as she looks ar her escape, but Buddy's hand pulls her into the line. She's horrible. It really doesn't look like any amount of is going to help. cuT TO:
46) 0) text: Buddy walks Sarah to the front door. The porchlight is on stand in uncomfortable silence for a moment.
46) 1) dialog: Thanks. I had fun.
46) 3) dialog: Buddy, I'm not trying to be ... She doesn‘t know how to verbalize what she's feeling. Bud back reluctantly.
46) 5) dialog: Oh ... no. 36. oo Buddy turns away, put stops short. He can't face her and he has to say.
46) 7) dialog: (quietly) Yeah ...
48) 0) text: Sarah closes the door behind her and leans against it.
48) 1) dialog: That was probably ... unwise. But, it obviously felt good.
55) 3) text: Sarah watches as Lorraine carries Jennifer's body up the The baby's Gerber pajamas are unmarked by blood. Lorraine automatically supports Jennifer‘s broken neck. The baby c sleeping .-.
55) 5) text: Lorraine looks up at Sarah. The sorrow in Lorraine's eyes devastating than any anger could ever be.
57) 0) text: Sarah wakes up with a start, as if remembering the same h night ... or perhaps even sensing Lorraine's anguish. Swe matted her hair to her forehead and her eyes are like sau cur TO:
58) 6) dialog: {to Ray) Hi Mr. Carroll. It's been a long time. She shakes his hand and he points to the table.
58) 8) dialog: No thanks.
58) 11) dialog: Well, Buddy was going to fix a little scrape on my car. Ray catches Buddy's eye long enough to raise an eyebrow speculatively. Buddy smiles but ignores him as he leads s outside. curt TO: 4l.
63) 1) dialog: 1 don't know what's gotten into me. I was up at 7 AM this morning. I'd (MORE)
63) 3) dialog: never do that in the city unless I absolutely had to. . Buddy gestures expansively to the open fields.
63) 5) dialog: All I have is time. Buddy considers this statement, then suddenly pulls onto dirt road.
65) 1) dialog: Oh, Buddy ... it’s like a Coors commercial. Buddy spreads his arms wide and breathes in a deep, exagg breath.
65) 3) dialog: (laughing) oh, Buddy, no. I haven't done this since I was like ... seven? Buddy expertly baits a hook and hands the rod to her then work on his own.
65) 4) dialog: (cont. ) When I said all I have is time, I did not mean ... 45.
65) 6) dialog: Okay ... sure. {gaining confidence) I just ... do this ... thingie ... Sarah holds her thumb down on the reel release as she pul rod back ..-
65) 7) dialog: ... and then let ‘er rip! Sarah's gusto takes her bait all the way across the river stuck in some rocks on the other side. Buddy starts LAUGH
65) 8) dialog: - Buddy stands behind sarah and guides her arm, trying to cast under control. - Buddy demonstrates a perfect catch as he reels in a wig trout. - Sarah LAUGHS as her line gets stuck and Buddy falls in release it. - Sarah casually glances at Buddy, who is lying on a rock sun trying to dry out his wet clothes. He looks good. - Now they're both lying on rocks, eyes closed as they so sun. .
65) 9) dialog: Buddy, how did you know to bring me here?
67) 0) text: Buddy and Sarah are heading back to town. Buddy's hair is damp from his accidental swin.
67) 1) dialog: (laughing) I don't know if I really believe there are any fish in Silo Creek.
67) 3) dialog: You just have more of an affinity with the local wildlife. They sense you're a townie. Buddy looks at Sarah. A “townie” isn't what Buddy wants t
67) 5) dialog: (realizing) Oh, Buddy. I'm sorry. I'm a dork. I talk ... then I think. It's a medical condition. me
67) 8) dialog: ' (hesitantly) What about your plans for college? You were gonna go to U of 1, right?
67) 10) dialog: Didn't you try j.c. for a couple semesters?
67) 12) dialog: (excitedly) Can you drop me off here? (glances in side mirror) Do I look like a complete goober? Buddy pulls over.
67) 14) dialog: So you'il call me when it‘s done?
68) 0) text: Daniel waves to Sarah as she approaches, but can‘t take h off the game for long. The young woman, SUSAN, stands up when she sees Sarah, ob not believing her eyes.
69) 0) text: Dylan sucks all the juice out of a-rainbow-colored snow c hands it to his mother. He runs off to play on the bright colored jungle gym. Susan and Sarah sit on a bench eating cones.
69) 2) dialog: (amazed) How do you ... do it?
69) 5) dialog: I guess news travels fast.
69) 7) dialog: So you really think I'm the smart one?
70) 0) text: A loud KNOCKING goes on and on. Sarah answers the door. H Morrisey stands there, exuding righteous anger.
71) 0) text: Sarah leads Howard into the den, reassuring her parents t everything is fine and closing the door on their curious
71) 2) dialog: (hesitant) I’ve talked to her about a chest, yeah.
71) 4) dialog: I certainly never meant-- I don't mean to cause any ... harm.
71) 8) dialog: What if I'm home for good?
71) 14) dialog: The most dangerous game in ten states? I'll pass.
71) 16) dialog: That was a shitty segue. Why don't you tell me what you're doing with Buddy?
71) 18) dialog: But, you two used to be inseparable. (sighs) He was your best friend. 52. Daniel is uncomfortable and doesn't want to talk about it
71) 23) dialog: Of course. Send the sweet-faced one to get the dirt.
71) 25) dialog: I don't know what the big deal is. I asked Mrs. Morrisey to make me something. She said “no". That's all there is to it. She SLAMS the screen door behind her.
72) 0) text: sarah is astounded to see Lorraine Morrisey standing outs
72) 2) dialog: You ... crossed the street? Lorraine looks around her as if realizing for the first t
73) 0) text: sarah parks Daniel's Escort at a meter on the main thorou
74) 0) text: Sarah turns the car off and looks at Lorraine, who is gri passenger seat as if it's her new best friend .
74) 3) dialog: (shrugs) Whatever. Sarah gets out and stands there waiting. Now people seem at Lorraine even more. Finally, Lorraine opens her car do cur TO: 54.
75) 0) text: Lorraine and sarah walk down the sidewalk. Sarah casually windowshops. Lorraine resolutely stares straight ahead as taking a sobriety test, struggling to stay oblivious to t curious stares of passing people. As Lorraine continues on, we see .-.- — an older WOMAN in a clothing store jumping out of her c craning her head for a better Look. - A young BOY walking with his mother, trying to figure o what’s so unusual about Lorraine that everyone is staring - The two racewalking women approach from the other direc are so startled, they almost run into Lorraine. As Lorraine and Sarah disappear into "Malloy's Antiques", bends to Woman 2's ear.
76) 0) text: This dusty old shop is full of piles of junk, which the a and clueless owner, IRV MALLOY, will insist are all “gen- coll-ectibles". He sits up from his rickety chair as Lorraine and Sarah e shop. His cigarette falls from his lips into the newspape reading and starts to smolder. Lorraine takes a deep breath of air and seems comforted b antiques surrounding her. She notices Irv's smoking paper smiles.
76) 4) text: Lorraine nods a greeting which Irv returns in a typically verbal Midwestern fashion. Sarah pulls Lorraine over to a box similar to the one she the book. Lorraine inspects it carefully before giving he whispered approval. LORRAINE . you've got a good eye. I think it's Rumanian. Great lines. Solid. . She eyes the carved and painted design on the wooden lid. colors have all faded, but the fine craftsmanship is self Lorraine eyes Irv out of the corner of her eye.
76) 6) dialog: {loudly) Well I don't care what you think. I'm gonna buy it anyway. Lorraine stares at Sarah for a moment before catching on raising her voice so Irv can hear.
76) 9) dialog: (defiantly) Then I'11 leave it just the way it is. cur TO:
77) 0) text: Lorraine and Sarah walk in the screen door. Sarah can't s satisfied smile as she sets the box down gently. 56.
77) 1) dialog: Thirty bucks. Lorraine walks around the box, eyeing it from all angles. is already racing.
77) 5) dialog: Oh please. I'd really like to learn how to do it. sarah is pushing Lorraine's limits.
77) 7) dialog: I'm sorry. You're right. Sarah stands to go and almost falls over. Lorraine reache steady her.
77) 9) dialog: (nodding) I got too much sun yesterday. And the rocker ... Sarah trails off. Lorraine smiles curiously -- since when three minutes on a rocker ever made anyone dizzy?
77) 12) dialog: Maybe I'll do that. ~ And then Sarah's gone. cUuT TO:
78) 0) text: sarah is sick in bed. Gayle stands over her, looking at a thermometer.
78) 3) dialog: Mom?
78) 5) dialog: Did you tell everyone about Harvard? Gayle looks at Sarah strangely, sensing she's not happy a
78) 7) dialog: I’m not sure what I want to do, but I need to know I can talk to you about it without word ... spreading.
80) 0) text: Buddy is working up a sweat as he paints Sarah's car. He steps back and eyes it critically, then removes the pr breathing gear from his face. It's getting there. cUuT TO:
81) 0) text: Lorraine has finished the prep work on Sarah's box. She b general bodywork by sanding the rough edges.
82) 0) text: Drowning in too-big sweats, a very pale Sarah eyes the sh over-the-counter medication. She sneaks a glance at the p doling out prescriptions. : Finally, she grabs a bottie of Aleve, pays for it and lea
84) 0) text: Daniel looks worriedly at Sarah.
84) 2) dialog: Not unless you're cursed by God. sarah is speaking literally, but her tone is light-hearte
85) 0) text: Sarah's face is as white as her sheets. She takes two mor powerful pain relievers and buries herself under her cove A soft KNOCK is heard on her door and then her mother's v
85) 2) dialog: (barely audible) No. But, Sarah's haunted eyes tell a different story.
87) 0) text: Sarah lies in bed reading a thick sheaf of forms printed Harvard letterhead. Physically, she looks better than yes but that isn't saying much. Most of the form's questions are standard information, bu essay question catches her eye: “Why do you want to become a doctor?" cur TO:
88) 0) text: 12-year-old Sarah appears at the top of the basement stai sees Jennifer's twisted body lying on the floor. 63. She's almost hyperventilating as she races down the stair kneels down next to the tiny body. But, there's nothing s do. CPR won't help. A tourniquet won't help. She's gone. cur TO:
89) 0) text: sarah will never forget the moment of frustrated helpless established the course of her career.- But, she isn't about to relate that story in answer to th question. She runs her hands through her hair as if tryin the memory out of her head. But, she can't. The phone RINGS and a moment later, Gayle sticks her head door.
89) 2) dialog: (whispers) Thank you. Why are you whispering?
89) 4) dialog: Hello? ,
89) 6) dialog: I sense a loaded question. sarah's voice is deliberately casual.
89) 7) dialog: (cont. ) I was either gonna fly to Paris for lunch on the Seine or stay in bed all day. I can't quite decide.
90) 0) text: BR KNOCKING is heard at the screen door. Lorraine looks u Sarah standing there.
90) 2) dialog: I was just on my way .-- (stops short) nowhere so I thought I'd drop by. Sarah admires the work Lorraine has already done on the b
90) 4) dialog: I thought maybe you were just being polite.
90) 7) dialog: Did you make this?
90) 9) dialog: (disbelieving) yeah right. Wouldn't it .-- fall apart or something?
90) 11) dialog: You shouldn't talk about her like that.
90) 13) dialog: Would you ever consider selling it?
90) 15) dialog: I'm sorry. I'm gonna go. I mean, I've got to go ... something to go to. Maybe tomorrow, I can help ... 66.
91) 0) text: Buddy and Sarah sit on a blanket as the small town orches up before playing their program of classical music. Firef provide mood lighting as the sun prepares to set. It's a gorgeous evening on the brink of summer. Buddy unpacks a picnic hamper: wine, cheese, bread, fruit can't suppress a smile as she watches Buddy's efforts. Th definitely to impress Sarah.
91) 2) dialog: It's trés continental. (notices something) I can't believe they carry paté at the Stanton IGA.
91) 5) dialog: So ... what was it that was so important? Why was I meeting you here?
91) 7) dialog: To celebraaate ... what? Buddy pauses to think. €7.
91) 9) dialog: (nodding) Definite cause for celebration.
91) 11) dialog: (ironic, to herself) you were closer with Memorial Day.
91) 13) dialog: I said ... salud! ”~ she clinks bottles with him.
91) 15) dialog: (smiling) you have created a situation that 4s simultaneously very cheesy and ineredibly romantic. (beat) How do you do that?
91) 17) dialog: oo I do, huh?
91) 18) text: oh yeah. In fact, if you knew how | long I've been imagining a scenario like this ... Sarah laughs as she returns his very direct gaze.
91) 19) dialog: Well, I don't know if I've ever inspired anyone bef--" Buddy cuts her off with a kiss both passionate and sweet. ‘nough talking.
91) 22) dialog: But what? sarah's enthusiasm makes it difficult to criticize.
91) 26) dialog: Gee. Those are two worlds I never thought would collide. Lorraine smiles. Sarah stands up, holding the small of he
91) 28) dialog: {Light ) This is what a desk job does to you. Sarah goes to the closet where Lorraine keeps supplies fo piece of sandpaper. Inside, she finds the cradle hidden u pile of old blankets and bends down to examine it.
91) 29) dialog: Hey, what's-- Is this the famous cradle that started the business? Lorraine NOTICES and the mood darkens.
91) 31) dialog: I‘m- I'm sorry. Lorraine doesn't say anything, but Sarah notices that her are shaking. Sarah looks closely at the cradle and rememb it was. :
91) 32) dialog: (gently) you really shouldn't let that sit unused.
91) 34) dialog: (wincing) No. I'm not going to have any. Lorraine eyes Sarah strangely, perhaps picking up on some her voice that everyone else has been ignoring. But, her building anger is overwhelming her concern.
91) 37) dialog: Here. sarah holds the swab out to Lorraine. But, Lorraine's shaking has increased. Sarah looks at her guessing what's really wrong, but unable to fix it. Slowly, Lorraine lowers her face into her hands and SOBS. After several moments, Lorraine looks up at Sarah and exa face, looking deep into her eyes.
91) 39) dialog: I... you're making me-- she gestures to the box -- the self-evident answer.
93) 0) text: Lorraine has taken the swab and dabs at the mistake, stru remain calm. It's a losing battle. LORRAINE . But, you're just making it worse. Sarah's voice struggles to stay even.
93) 1) dialog: I’m sorry. Lorraine angrily throws the swab to the ground.
93) 3) dialog: I did. I tried.
93) 5) dialog: (a whisper) I'm sorry. .
94) 0) text: sarah is running across the street towards her house. How after her. .
95) 0) text: Howard reaches Sarah and stops her from entering her hous ~~ she turns, he sees that the dam has finally burst and stop crying.
95) 1) dialog: I didn't go back over! she came to my door. And I was-- she was so happy that she came across the street. I didn't ask her-- I never meant ..- sarah SOBS uncontrollably. Howard hugs her to him and tri comfort her.
95) 3) dialog: (muffled, into his shirt) But, it is. I have proof. He holds her face so she can see how serious he is.
95) 6) dialog: (nodding) We went downtown too. Howard's face fills with amazement.
95) 8) dialog: t think she's still getting her ... sea legs. Howard turns to walk back to his house, but gets in one l parting shot.
96) 0) text: It looks like the cover of a 1970's-era Milton Bradley ga Gayle, Daniel and Sarah sit at a rumpus room card table p Scrabble. Sarah takes her turn. . she's had a hell of a day, feels like shit and isn't real concentrating. .
97) 0) text: Sarah's car gleams like a newly-minted dime in the harsh the street lamp. she walks all around it in wonder. She points to another her car. :
97) 1) dialog: You fixed the--
97) 3) dialog: Uh-huh. Buddy can't help but notice sarah's fatigue.
97) 5) dialog: of course. She hands him a check with a polite little smile.
97) 6) dialog: Thank you, Henry. Buddy hesitates, unsure why she seems to be giving him th off.
97) 7) dialog: (cold) I'm sorry, do you need that in cash?
97) 10) dialog: (interrupting) t don't think we can do this. (beat) I'm seeing someone in the city. We'll probably be engaged by Christmas. I just don't want to ... mess anything up, you know? Buddy is floored. It takes a moment for him to take it al
97) 12) dialog: Buddy ... you and I had a couple beers together. That's it.
101) 15) dialog: 
102) 0) text: Sarah is bent over the toilet. ‘when she wipes her mouth, trace of blood. sarah exits the stall and washes her face at the sink. Sh to take a few deep breaths before exiting.
103) 0) text: As Sarah walks out of the restroom, an elderly MAN looks his reading carrel. He obviously heard her. She catches h staring at her, but he doesn't look away. Sarah tries to reassuringly, but it just doesn't look right on her too-p
103) 4) dialog: Hello. There is a new tension here. Lorraine assumes it's from t encounter. She pulls one of the books out from under the
103) 6) dialog: Research. one of the essay questions for my Harvard follow-up. You know ... what's my chosen area of expertise--
103) 9) dialog: (cont. ) What are you doing here? Sarah is desperate to deflect attention anywhere else tha
103) 13) dialog: I think you were right all along. This isn't a good idea. (beat ) I never wanted to make you feel bad. I'll just send Daniel over to get the box ... when it's done. Sarah voice trails off. She zips her backpack ¢losed and before Lorraine can even reply. Lorraine stares after her completely confused. cuT TO:
105) 0) text: paniel and Sarah are filling their cart with party platte of soda, bags of chips and assorted barbeque sundries.
105) 1) dialog: jell me again why we're having a Memorial Day barbeque.
105) 3) dialog: (sarcastic) Well now I'm giddy with anticipation. ee 87.
105) 5) dialog: Ahh ... you and Buddy are friends again?
105) 9) dialog: Glad to hear your rhetoric class has paid off. Daniel gives Sarah some intense scrutiny of his own.
105) 11) dialog: I'm living my life Daniel. If Buddy isn't a part of it, well ... are you really that surprised?
106) 0) text: The groceries are bagged in the back as they drive home. Sarah eyes the worn-out upholstery. The engine noise is d
106) 1) dialog: I hate to say it, but this car is not gonna get you through four years.
106) 3) dialog: I'm an opti-- I can see the good in... things. Daniel is skeptical, but he tries to nod encouragingly.
107) 0) text: A huge banner is draped across the front of the house: “CONGRATULATIONS SARAH -- OUR LOSS IS HARVARD'S GAIN". People fill the front lawn, drinking from paper cups and No one pays any attention as Daniel and Sarah start to ge the car, but then Phil and Gayle walk out the door and no
108) 0) text: As Daniel unloads the groceries, Phil and Gayle lead sara to say "hi" to everyone. Sarah is doing a slow boil, but
108) 1) dialog: (aside to Gayle) Mom, we really should have talked about this.
108) 5) dialog: Mom, you didn't ...
108) 7) dialog: Hi... {taking package) ++. you didn't have to--
108) 13) dialog: Buddy that's great.
108) 16) dialog: I'll be back. Sarah runs to intercept Lorraine, who looks like she's be night. Her gaze bores into Sarah's.
108) 19) dialog: (glibly) Maybe I'm just pregnant. ‘LORRAINE No, you're not gonna have any kids, remember?
108) 20) dialog: I'm fine. Just leave me alone.
108) 23) dialog: It's leukemia. Sarah seems relieved that someone else finally knows. Lor nods, simultaneously satisfied and horrified that her sus are confirmed.
108) 26) dialog: (willing her to stop) Lorraine, I can‘t do this ... now. 92. But, Lorraine can't let it go.
109) 0) text: Daniel finishes telling Sarah a joke as they walk in the door.
110) 4) dialog: (to Lorraine) What gives you the right--
110) 9) dialog: (evenly) It sounds like you got the full report, Mom. I'd appreciate it if you didn't announce it to the party guests. Gayle stares at Sarah in shock, amazed by her emotionless Then more tumblers click into place as she looks at Lorra realizes that she knew.
111) 0) text: Phil, Gayle, Daniel and Sarah sit in Dr. Gordon's office.
111) 1) dialog: I persuaded my mother not to tell anyone about my illness, but had to agree to go back to Dr. Gordon ... who really didn't have anything new to say. Dr. Gordon has just finished explaining the results of Sa tests in layman's terms.
112) 0) text: wo sarah is packing books from a modular shelf into cardb Carla sits nearby tapping out a new melody on her keyboar 97.
112) 3) dialog: I'll be sure to make a note in my will.
112) 5) dialog: carla ... it's so ironic. I don't Know where you got this idea that my life is so perfect. But, I wish you'd get over it and just ... well, you don't have to be my friend ... it's a little late for that, but-- Carla walks to Sarah and takes the heavy box out of her a 98.
112) 7) dialog: (to herself) If only I'd known it was so easy-
113) 0) text: Daniel waits in the driver's seat of Sarah's car, which i loaded with her pelongings. Carla wedges the last box int back seat.
113) 2) dialog: No. I want to be close to home. (writes note) Here's the number at St. Mary's in Alton. I start chemo on Monday.
113) 4) dialog: (laughs) Bitter ‘til the end.
114) 0) text: sarah is just knocking at their front door as Howard and pull into the driveway.
115) 0) text: Lorraine walks up the gidewalk as Sarah turns.
115) 1) dialog: Now that we got you out, I can never catch you at home. “100. sarah smiles, trying to determine if Lorraine is going to ner. Lorraine is silent for a long moment before answerin tentative smile of her own.
116) 0) text: Sarah and Lorraine turn from the concession stand window cones. They sit on a picnic table with their feet up on t A group of pre-teen GIRLS walk by, all carefully dressed coiffed to resemble each other. Lorraine and Sarah are silent, enjoying crushed ice and p
116) 2) dialog: She was beautiful.
116) 6) dialog: ... and so responsible. Lorraine hears it in Sarah's voice -- years of guilt and recrimination. She realizes she's just been pouring the s her own sorrow on Sarah's emotional wounds.
116) 10) dialog: What?
116) 12) dialog: But I don't know what to do. I don't know what I'm doing.
116) 14) dialog: That's three things.
117) 0) text: Sarah runs in and SLAMS the front door behind her. Shakin sinks to the floor.
117) 1) dialog: There it was. I had it. The forgive- ness I needed to die in peace. So why don't I feel better?
118) 0) text: Sarah drives down Main Street, pausing at the town's sing stoplight.
118) 1) dialog: Maybe it's because ... for the first time in twelve years I'm realizing ... I don't want to die. she barely hesitates before taking the turn that leads to interstate. cuT TO:
119) 0) text: Sarah enters the station and approaches Ray, who snoozes leather chair.
119) 1) dialog: Mr. Carroll? Is Buddy around?
119) 3) dialog: Mr. Carroll. I don't want you to think that I ... don't care--
119) 6) dialog: Buddy's a ... really nice guy.
119) 14) dialog: I'm not sure when I'll be back. But, her words just sound like another rejection to hin. cur TO:
120) 0) text: Sarah takes deep breaths to control her runaway emotions, a losing battle. CuT TO:
122) 0) text: Sarah runs in and closes the door behind her. There is a packed open suitcase sitting on the floor. Sarah begins r folding clothes and placing them in the suitcase. A KNOCK is heard at her door. Sarah looks up, a glimmer o her eyes.
122) 2) dialog: I'm fine, mom. Sarah starts throwing toiletries from her dresser into a duffel bag. She pauses when she notices a small wrapped P Sarah realizes it's the gift Buddy gave her at the party. Slowly, she sinks to the bed and undoes the wrapping. A small velvet jewel box reveals its treasure: a ring of burnished pewter, finely wrought with a simple scrollwork Sarah covers her mouth with her hand, amazed by the beaut gift. She notices a card’and opens it. 106. The card reads: “Dear Sarah, Congratulations. Don't worry just a friendship ring. This wasn't meant to be a last mi ‘Going Away To Med School’ gift and it won't be the kind wedding gift I wanted it to be, Did I just write that? No definitely have to rip this card up. Yours, Buddy” But, he didn't rip the card up. ‘BUDDY (0.C.) It was my mother's. Startled, Sarah looks up and sees Buddy standing in the d
122) 3) dialog: Your mother's friendship ring?
122) 5) dialog: So she trusted your judgment? About the woman to give it to?
122) 7) dialog: Buddy, I have to tell you something.
122) 9) dialog: No. Buddy smiles his relief and slips the ring on Sarah's fin gaze is direct and his voice is sure as he proposes. 107.
122) 11) dialog: Can you just ... stay? cuT TO:
123) 0) text: Sarah is in a hospital bed. As she wakes up, she notices of people around her: Phil, Gayle, Daniel, Dr. SHELLY WIN and Buddy.
123) 2) dialog: (weak) Hi. Phil, Gayle and Daniel AD LIB “hello"'s.
123) 3) dialog: Bey, Buddy. Needless to say, Buddy knows everything ... and he's stil
123) 6) dialog: I thought it was radiation.
123) 8) dialog: (laughing) Like a ten-ton truck. Everyone wants to laugh, but they keep glancing at Dr. Wi and her chart, desperately waiting for confirmation that everything will be okay.
123) 11) dialog: i've been here six weeks and you still can't tell me if I'm getting better?
123) 13) dialog: This is just what I wanted to avoid. A sea of worried, smiling faces. cuT TO:
124) 0) text: Sarah sits in a comfortable overstuffed chair talking to pleasant-looking middle-aged psychiatrist, DR. PAUL VITAL 109.
124) 1) dialog: I should have known fixing me physically wouldn't be enough. My parents insisted I talk to the psychiatrist that Dr. Gordon recommended. I don't know why they think talking to a stranger is going to help me when I can't even talk to my. family. cur TO:
126) 0) text: Sarah's room is dark. She's asleep, but tosses restlessly the thin hospital sheet. Gayle is slumped in a bedside chair, more asleep than awa
127) 0) text: Buddy drives as Sarah sits in the passenger seat, wrapped Lorraine's quilt.
127) 3) dialog: (distant) I guess. I don't know, Buddy. I'm not a doctor. (bitter laugh) And I suppose I never will be. She sounds like she couldn't care less. Buddy sounds like couldn't care more. It's a frustrating combination. lll. Buddy suddenly pulls to the side of the road and shuts of engine. Sarah simply stares out the front windshield.
127) 6) dialog: (angry) . That's why! I know you'd do anything. I know it! I also know I've never done anything to deserve that ... kind of ... Sarah can't finish the sentence. Buddy retrieves the ring
127) 8) dialog: Buddy, why would you ask me to marry you? Even if I wasn't sick? As far as you knew, I was going to Harvard. You're gonna be a goddamn undergrad in the Fall:
127) 11) dialog: Did I ever treat you well or give you any indication ... You and Daniel used to drive me insane. You said it yourself. I lied to you! About my illness, about my engagement. Why would you-- Once again, she stops herself before she can say “love me Buddy won't let Sarah change the subject with the force o anger. He makes her look him in the eye.
127) 13) dialog: It wouldn't matter if I did. It doesn't change anything.
127) 15) dialog: Yes. CLOSE ON: Buddy slips the ring back on Sarah's finger.
128) 0) text: Phil sets Sarah's suitcase down and kisses her on the che exits. She smiles at him, then sits on her bed. She pulls the quilt from around her shoulders and rubs it her cheek.
129) 0) text: Gayle watches anxiously as Sarah leaves the house, clutch quilt. The yearning in her eyes is heart-wrenching. Does her dau care more about the woman across the street than her own 113.
130) 0) text: The doorbell is RINGING. A hand reaches into frame and op door. Sarah stands outside holding the heirloom quilt.
130) 1) dialog: She is surprised to see Jon Morrisey. They stare at each a moment. He's grown about three feet since she saw him l
130) 2) dialog: Jon? Or is it Rick?
130) 4) dialog: Thanks. Is your mom here?
130) 7) dialog: (smiles) I'm great. How are you doing?
131) 0) text: Sarah enters the workshop from the kitchen. Lorraine is l an old table with determined strokes. It's pretty noisy.
131) 2) dialog: Well ... it's all in the rhythm you know. Lorraine looks up and smiles.
131) 4) dialog: Go where? cuT To:
132) 0) text: A carnival is going full swing in the background, but her are families sitting on blankets and pulling sodas out of Kids and dogs run around with equal abandon. Lorraine and Sarah are sitting on the quilt watching ... FIREWORKS LIGHT UP THE NIGHT SKY. The “OOH's" and "AAH's” of the crowd fill the quiet inter between bursts.
132) 1) dialog: (laughing) : I can't believe I forgot it was the Fourth of July. I guess I just lost track of time in the hospital.
132) 3) dialog: Well ... they say I'm in remission.
132) 5) dialog: I've done my research. You may go into remission but you don't recover from leukemia.
133) 0) text: Sarah has the folded quilt under her arm. she and Lorrain down their street.
133) 3) dialog: I want to, but ... it's kind of tough to let go of something that's been keeping you going for so long.
133) 5) dialog: Well except for Daniel, I've never really been that close to my family anyway ... 116.
133) 8) dialog: . (bitterly) Or not learning.
133) 10) dialog: (defensively) I am.
133) 12) dialog: On that note -- which I refuse to let become a full-fledged conversation -- I'm out of here. Sarah and Lorraine separate, each walking to her own hous
133) 14) dialog: Thanks. You know, for the quilt. Lorraine's look says “You're welcome". For everything. 117.
134) 0) text: Sarah sits on her bed, looking through an old photo album
134) 4) dialog: I remember ...
134) 6) dialog: (coldly) Is this line of questioning the result of your meeting with pr. Vitale?
134) 8) dialog: Mom, there's no reason for me to be angry or for you to feel guilty.
134) 10) dialog: You weren't. You were just taking your cue from me.
134) 12) dialog: Please. Don't try to analyze me or us or ... this whole damn thing.
134) 14) dialog: (softly) Can you just go ... now... Gayle stands up, desperate to say the right thing, but sh know what that is. She goes.
135) 0) text: Gayle is standing at the sink, peeling potatoes, staring kitchen window into the back yard. Tears glisten in her e Silently, Sarah enters the kitchen, opens the refrigerato gets a Coke. She heads back to her room, but pauses in th doorway. Sarah sets the Coke on the counter and wraps her arms aro mother's waist, resting her head on her back. Gayle stops the potatoes and turns to hug her daughter. cur To:
135) 7) dialog: (to Daniel) . Are you just nervous or are you trying to back out?
135) 9) dialog: Your hip.
137) 0) text: Sarah is receiving her final gigantic dose of radiation i effort to destroy all the cells in her bone marrow.
138) 0) text: Sarah looks worse than we have ever seen her. Unfortunate has to come to the verge of death to have a chance for li Dr. Winthrop directs the large needles which insert Danie healthy bone marrow into sarah's bones, CUT To: i2i.
139) 0) text: Sarah is asleep in a hypoallergenic hospital room. She lo extremely small and defenseless in the sea of downy white linens.
140) 4) dialog: So I finally realize that maybe I do want to spend some time with Some people and they put me in an isolation chamber. Another little cosmic irony. DISSOLVE To: SUPERIMPOSE: SIX WEEKS LATER ...
141) 1) text: Dressed in a black suit. His face is unusually solemn, 122. The monotone drone of a PRIEST can be heard faintly. Ther pause, then ... : Buddy turns te Sarah. she's there. She's alive, And she's dressed in white. He lifts a small veil and kis They turn to face the small congregation, which includes RUSSELL's, the MORRISEY's and a beaming Mr. Carroll. LORRAINE squeezes Howard's hand as she watches Sarah with pride of a mother.
141) 2) text: She's dressed in a simple white lace dress and her hair. thicker, curling around her face becomingly. The operation was obviously Successful. As she turns to l Buddy, we see that the ever-present bewilderment and unce are gone, The priest takes Buddy and Sarah's hands and joins them f see as he pronounces:
141) 5) dialog: Okay, so maybe my life isn't so random. I'm Starting to see the order in the chaos. It's her finished box. Lorraine has worked her Magic. The looks ancient, but delicately weathered as if with an inn The painting on the top is newly-refreshed with color. Ne Sarah hugs Lorraine then turns to show Buddy. 123.
141) 6) dialog: I don't expect to live forever ... but I've been wrong before. FREEZE FRAME on Buddy and Sarah sharing a kiss, hands and joined. In sickness and in health.