13) 0) text: Garrison's corpse. In a black abyss. A red light begins to BLINK... illuminating the rest of Garrison’s dead body. Nothing more than a husk, a vessel vengeance and violence. So that’s what we’ll call him: BLOODSHOT. 14. Turns out he’s not in a casket, but some kind of high tec sensory deprivation tank. A circular needle array PUMPS b fluid into his chest. Note: Dialogue in italics is subtit
13) 7) dialog: Where...
13) 9) dialog: ---am I?
13) 12) dialog: I don’t know... Bloodshot thrashes violently, emotions overwhelming him.
13) 14) dialog: WHY DON’T I KNOW?!?
13) 17) text: Bloodshot wakes with a start. Looks around. He’s in a:
13) 21) dialog: Hell of a hangover. 16.
13) 23) dialog: Unfortunately, yes.
13) 25) dialog: Says you. Speaking of --
13) 27) dialog: (re: his lack of memory) I'd return the courtesy but I’ve got this little problem...
13) 30) dialog: (in total shock) My... remains?
13) 34) dialog: I’m... an experiment?
13) 36) dialog: My memories, they’re gone...
13) 38) dialog: But I remember how to walk. How to talk. I know that seven times seven is forty nine and that the capital of New York is Albany.
13) 40) dialog: Eighty nine.
13) 42) dialog: Father... “Abu.”
13) 44) dialog: Francois Faber. How do I know that?
13) 46) dialog: Can they tell me who I am? Figure out what happened to me?
13) 50) dialog: (catching on) Rising Spirit... bet you got a hell of a serve now? 19. Harting smiles. Clearly these two are going to become brothers... both given a second chance by technology.
14) 0) text: State of the art testing center. Bloodshot is caged in a giant water wheel: the human equivalent of a hamster whee except this one is dipped in a pool, requiring Bloodshot strain his muscles to power the mill wheel. Setup nearby: EKG, mobile CT, and a pulse ox monitor.
14) 3) dialog: But I had a life...
15) 0) text: Bloodshot follows Harting on a tour of the facility. Hart is now dressed in a custom lab coat -- the lack of collar colorful trim make it seem vaguely Asian. Bloodshot looks down at the Navy Seal tattoo on his arm.. BLOODSHOT (CONT’D) ...there must’ve been people I loved... I cared about.
15) 3) dialog: What is this place?
16) 0) text: Harting and Bloodshot finish their tour on the top floor Rising Spirit’s skyscraper. The Hong Kong skyline glimmer around them... it's breath-taking -- and entirely man-mad
16) 2) dialog: But am I really alive? It’s been, what, twenty-four hours... 21.
17) 0) text: Bloodshot has his arm under a scanning electron microscop BLOODSHOT (CONT’D) --.and I’m not the least bit tired. Harting looks through the eye-piece at Bloodshot’s skin cells. The monitor behind him displays the image.
17) 3) dialog: So I'll never have to exfoliate again?
17) 5) dialog: Yeah. That’s exciting.
18) 0) text: New, day -- same water wheel. Display reads: 20 mph... 21 Bloodshot is soaked in sweat, right at the point of break
18) 3) dialog: 
18) 6) dialog: Better get a new one.
18) 8) dialog: What did you say?
18) 10) dialog: Nothing. Harting holds his gaze... something's definitely wrong. Bloodshot grabs a water. That’s when we hear it... music. BLOODSHOT (CONT’D) You hear that?
18) 20) dialog: --I-will-find-you-and-end-you-- Harting panics -- turns to the tech --
18) 22) dialog: --you-better-kill-me-now--
18) 24) dialog: --you-will-not-get-a-second-chance. FLASH ON: Aussie standing over us, .45 pointed at the len
18) 26) dialog: He killed me -- my wife. His face -- I can see it.
19) 0) text: Sirens BLARE -- Bloodshot SPRINTS -- a wounded animal, doesn’t know where he’s going, doesn’t care -- heart raci turns the corner, sees: SECURITY -- a dozen men in high tech SWAT GEAR with TASER BATONS. Bloodshot doubles back -- off his face -- FLASH ON: Gina in bed, naked. Day of the dead images from Mexico -- coffins and carnations, child in skull face pai BACK TO: Bloodshot -- heart POUNDING -- legs failing -- Security -- coming at us -- COMMANDER takes point. Bloods LUNGES for a fire extinguisher -- BREAKS the glass --
19) 3) dialog: Didn't save her... my fault... Taser batons CRACKLE to life, guards close in. Bloodshot THROWS the extinguisher at them, misses by a mile -- -- but hits his intended target: A SPRINKLER HEAD. Hallwa fills with that fire retardant HAZE, visibility zero.
21) 0) text: Bloodshot staggers up the stairs -- heart POUNDING -- FLA ON Gina’s tear-stained face -- Aussie’s smug smile, his . pointed right at us --
21) 5) dialog: Bet this hurts more. The taser baton in Bloodshot’s hand CRACKLES to life -- t a cheap shot -- JAMS it under SO LONG’s face mask. So Long BELLOWS in pain -- drops Bloodshot -- who SCURRIE towards the door and freedom. The woman in the tactical armor gives chase as we POP OUT
22) 0) text: SNIPER POV of the ground floor. No windows -- just a wall SNIPER’S VOICE (0.C.) Chainsaw Bravo, stand down -- Alpha has target. ECU of the sniper’s eye reveals an ocular implant -- it F from grey to red, allowing the sniper to see Bloodshot’s signature through the wall. He squeezes the trigger -- BULLET POV: ROCKET out the barrel and BLAST through the w
23) 0) text: Time slows down as the bullet erupts from the wall -- red speed -- and extends a TRANQ DART, SLAMMING into an escap Bloodshot’s neck -- LIGHTS OUT. CUT TO BLACK.
25) 0) text: Bloodshot slowly comes to -- on a hospital bed. Tied down
25) 1) dialog: Harting please... I have to find him... I just let her die... No response. He’s all alone. Trapped. Then -- the door op and in walks Harting. He approaches the restrained Bloods
25) 3) dialog: 
25) 6) dialog: He just shot her... FLICKER THROUGH dozens of images: the mission in Colombia Day of the Dead festival in Mexico, Aussie smiling as he his .45 down Gina’s throat... Bloodshot remembers everything we’ve seen so far.
25) 8) dialog: I can see his face -- like it just happened. But that’s it -- nothing else. Not my name, not his, nothing... only her... my wife, Gina. 28. Last image is of Gina in the Chevy as they race toward th border, sun flaring off the water... it’s so beautiful it breaks your heart. BACK TO:
25) 9) dialog: Why do I remember those two days and nothing else? Not my parents -- not my childhood -- not even my own name.
25) 11) dialog: I have to find him... have to make him pay for Gina. She’s the one thing I know I loved in this world, and that one thing is gone. All that’s left is... anger.
25) 13) dialog: Have you ever lost someone that meant everything to you? Harting opens up to Bloodshot, looking him in the eye.
25) 15) dialog: I can’t do that until he’s dead.
25) 18) dialog: And end him.
25) 20) dialog: One more thing: after I kill him... he stays dead. Bloodshot walks past, for the door, and --
27) 0) text: Harting’s at the helm, Bloodshot sitting next to him.
27) 2) dialog: Unlearn --? They’re called ‘survival instincts’ for a good reason, Doc.
27) 4) dialog: Will this be painful? Sounds painful --
27) 6) dialog: “Chainsaw?”
28) 0) text: As Bloodshot and Harting enter from the helipad, they’re by the three members of CHAINSAW: mortally wounded soldie improved by Rising Spirit tech. Just like Bloodshot.
28) 3) dialog: Just glad you missed my face.
28) 11) dialog: So Long?
28) 18) dialog: Know what’s intimidating? Your knowledge of Disney princesses. Before So Long can respond, a striking Indian woman with sleek air filters mounted on a neck brace intercedes.
28) 28) dialog: Wounded warriors. I get it.
29) 0) text: Bloodshot faces off against Harting, on opposite ends of outdoor dojo. Chest-high metal rods like half-built columns punctuate t space between Bloodshot and Harting in a spread-out grid. Harting draws a SAMURAI SWORD from its scabbard, wielding with his prosthetic arm.
29) 2) dialog: You made a pun there.
29) 4) dialog: One question, doc. Will any of this training help get my memory back?
29) 6) dialog: (I got my answer) Whatever, let’s do this. Bloodshot advances, quick on his feet... For a few moments the two dance, lunging and dodging... 34. But then Harting strikes, snake-swift, the blade SLICING Bloodshot in the leg. BLOODSHOT (CONT’D) Shit! Hang on, time out, I’m -- Harting stabs him AGAIN. Bloodshot falls over in mortal pain.
30) 0) text: A windowless room with tumbling mats for a floor. Under fluorescent light, Bloodshot and KP square off. She a sleek metal QUARTER-STAFF but Bloodshot is empty-handed
30) 1) dialog: So what are we doing now? Harting’s voice booms from the intercom overhead. And Bloodshot finds him watching from a plate glass window.
30) 3) dialog: That one right there? KP pulls down a set of high-tech GOGGLES and then -- The lights go OUT. And it is crazy dark now. BLOODSHOT (CONT’D) Waitaminute -- But we can hear the WHOOSH-WHOOSH of the quarter-staff in motion and barely make out the silhouette of KP advancing KP’S POV In a green-ish world, she attacks Bloodshot, who’s trying get his bearings but then she sweeps his legs from under and he goes down HARD on the mat --
30) 4) dialog: Shit!
31) 0) text: A hooded and bound Bloodshot rides next to Tibbs as they between the mountains. 35.
31) 2) dialog: Half an hour doing what? Tibbs then PUSHES him out of the helicopter. Bloodshot FALLS thirty feet to certain death -- SLAMMING against the surface of a --
31) 6) dialog: What if this kills me?
32) 0) text: So Long stands at a charcoal grill where he’s heated up several rocks until they glow. Bloodshot stands opposite him, uneasy.
32) 2) dialog: But that thing’s -- Hold out your hand. 36. Bloodshot reluctantly does so. So Long drops the stone in his hand -- and Bloodshot immediately DROPS the thing --
32) 3) dialog: Shit! So Long turns around to smirk at a watchful HARTING from elevated observation deck.
33) 0) text: Bloodshot falls hard, clutching his leg. Instead of blood, a black fluid like tar, full of nanites spreads quickly.
33) 2) dialog: I’m gonna die --
33) 4) dialog: Oh my god you're a terrible doctor. His eyes start to roll up into his head, and the red circ on his chest begins to GLOW a warning, and --
34) 0) text: Bloodshot wakes up suddenly and reaches for his leg, to f he’s in a hospital room, hooked up to high-tech EKG gear. Harting stands at the door, arms crossed.
35) 1) dialog: I can’t see a thing!
35) 3) dialog: It’s working! And then a new overlay appears as Bloodshot fights KP: A tech TARGETING RETICULE, tracing KP’s movement, analyzing BLOODSHOT (CONT’D) This tech even has combat analytics. Bam! He gets a good counterattack on KP, turning the tide...
35) 5) dialog: Oh COME ON! KP then attacks him again -- and Bloodshot falls HARD to floor with a THUD, arms splayed out --
36) 0) text: Bloodshot sits up, waking suddenly, with the electrodes o his chest as his circular scar FADES. He gasps for air.
37) 0) text: Bloodshot’s below the surface... he exhales... focusing. But then he starts to panic, old survival instincts screa that he can’t be doing what he’s doing, and GLUB-GLUB -- 38.
38) 0) text: Bloodshot sits up, waking suddenly, in a coughing fit.
39) 0) text: Bloodshot’s clenched hand trembles as smoke curls up from molten ROCK he’s holding, hissing through his teeth:
39) 1) dialog: Nineteen... twenty! He drops the thing right away and stares at his hand -- The badly burned flesh instantly REPAIRS, softly shushing sizzling flesh until he’s back to normal. Bloodshot look up, triumphant, until he sees So Long comi at him with something new -- A blowtorch.
39) 2) dialog: 
40) 0) text: Bloodshot wakes again, with the same EKG electrodes on hi chest. He checks his skin for burns. Just pale flesh inst
41) 0) text: The lights clack back on, but the chemical toxins KP thre Bloodshot still have him blinded. KP attacks, demanding:
41) 2) dialog: Adapted! I don’t need eyes to know I look good right now. 39. KP can’t help but grin at Bloodshot’s sudden snark, especially when she pulls a swift KICK TO HIS NUTS -- Bloodshot immediately collapses in a heap on the floor, wheezing in pain.
41) 5) dialog: Easy for you to say --
41) 7) dialog: How?
42) 0) text: Bloodshot now has to deal with SPINNING BLADES that pop o of the grid of metal poles. As he moves for Harting, he’s SLICED across one bicep. He grunts, grits his teeth... and the wound SEALS UP. Two more spinning blades CUT into him as he weaves for Harting, and both times he breathes through his mouth and cuts self-repair. Then Harting STRIKES, but Bloodshot DODGES, and Harting’s is so strong, the sword cuts right through a metal rod. B One less spinning blade for Bloodshot to worry about. Harting strikes again, an overhead blow this time -- 40. Bloodshot CLAPS his hands together, CATCHING the blade -- But not quite as elegantly as he’d like. Black blood drip down his arm. Grabbing the blade with both hands, his palms getting bad sliced, he wrenches the sword from Harting. It clatters to the floor.
42) 2) dialog: Sonofabitch, doc-- Bloodshot is suddenly on his knees. In shock at seeing th hilt sticking out of his abdomen.
42) 4) dialog: What... was that...
42) 6) dialog: I... can’t... FLASH ON: Aussie... smiling. That smug bastard. Is this a sign Bloodshot is getting some memory back? BACK TO: 41.
42) 8) dialog: Two... things... Bloodshot contorts in pain -- then rises to his knees. BLOODSHOT (CONT’D) First... that hurt. A lot. He slowly stands... the gut-wound closing before our eyes BLOODSHOT (CONT’D) Second... we made a deal. I survive your stress tests, you help me keep my promise: find that Aussie prick and end him. Harting can’t help but smile.
43) 0) text: Bloodshot stares intently. Rubbing his chin. REVERSE to reveal the object of his attention: A fully- stocked VENDING MACHINE. Chips, snacks, candy, energy dri Bloodshot puts in a full twenty dollars. And starts press buttons. KP enters, carrying something under one arm. A box.
43) 2) dialog: Hey yourself.
43) 4) dialog: Well, I lived through Harting’s whole samurai speech, so I got that going for me. 42. Bloodshot shrugs at the nacho cheese chip. Sets the bag a and presses another button. This time it’s peanut butter crackers. He tries one.
43) 6) dialog: Figuring out what I like. These -- (holds up chips) -- are an abomination. But these -- (holds up cookies) -- I could eat a hundred, right now.
43) 8) dialog: I remember Gina... She’s the only mirror I have to my life. You know? I don’t know the things I did, but I know her smile. (beat) So either she was way out of my league and I got lucky, or I was a goddamn saint.
43) 10) dialog: What is this?
43) 13) dialog: “It’s better to burn out, than to fade away.” How could I ever forget you guys? He pauses the music and closes the app. That’s when he sees the Photos feature. Clicks on it. In the Camera Roll: PHOTOS OF GINA. Candid moments of her dressed for a night out wit him -- posed as if she’s asking, “How do I look?” He thumbs through the pics, none of them really featuring much in the way of scenery beyond Gina on vacation with h Then one image, Gina running her hand through her hair --
45) 0) text: Bloodshot watches the headshots on a view screen, Tibbs a Harting behind him.
45) 2) dialog: Facebook for feds. Thousands of images reflect off Bloodshot’s dark eyes.
46) 0) text: The place is deserted. Bloodshot is alone. Hasn’t moved - hasn't blinked -- in hours. His vigil of vengeance. Suddenly Bloodshot’s face begins to twitch, like a contortionist who can no longer hold his pose. Sweat beads on his brow... finally he reaches up, pauses images dancing by. ON SCREEN: one face. Familiar. Australian. This is his guy. The man who shot Gina in front of him. And now we have a name, glowing at us under the profile p
46) 1) dialog: Martin Axe. Found you.
47) 6) dialog: I need to get to Russia.
48) 0) text: Bloodshot gets a a fake passport from Tibbs.
48) 3) dialog: Considering my own blood will probably trip the metal scanner, I'll have to get creative with my travel. The rest of Chainsaw hangs back, saying “goodbye” without saying it. Bloodshot takes a deep breath... is he nervous
48) 5) dialog: Says the woman with the broken neck. KP and Bloodshot share a look... is she worried about him BLOODSHOT (CONT’D) I’1l be fine... survived the freakshow, didn’t I? 47.
48) 7) dialog: I intend to return the favor.
48) 9) dialog: Being a dick isn’t gonna bring your balls back. So Long’s on his feet -- Bloodshot holds his ground.
48) 11) dialog: I kinda look like I sleep in a coffin.
48) 13) dialog: Ha ha. Wait, really?
49) 0) text: Harting leads Bloodshot to the front door. Bloodshot look startlingly normal, like he was when we first saw him.
49) 2) dialog: I appreciate you letting me do this. I would’ve felt a pang of guilt if I had to escape instead.
49) 4) dialog: Being dead isn’t so bad. (then) I’1l come back.
50) 0) text: On a man-made island, giant commercial planes are literal coming in just a hundred feet over hotels and condos to l Out on the tarmac, a herd of PASSENGERS board a 747 while BAGGAGE HANDLERS load the freight compartment. Lingering on the line of Passengers as they ascend the stairs... No sign of Bloodshot here...
50) 1) dialog: You’ve given me a second chance -- a chance to make things right. But then an ASIAN BAGGAGE HANDLER climbs into the freight compartment with a box marked “fragile.”
51) 0) text: The Handler sets the box down, walling off a section of t compartment. The Handler then sits behind that wall of baggage, takes off his ear protectors... And stares at his hands. He begins SHAKING HIS HEAD like has water in his ear or something, but then his FACE CHAN 49. MICROSCOPIC SEQUENCE: The brown eyes around his pupils sh to a different color, the skin tone shifts, and then-- It’s BLOODSHOT sitting in the freight compartment. He che himself in the reflective surface of a chrome support bea
51) 1) dialog: Damn. I looked good as an Asian dude.
53) 0) text: Bloodshot has three different suitcases open, pulling out potential clothing options and placing them against his c to see if they’d fit. All the while he’s singing to himse
53) 1) dialog: If you think I’1l sit around while you chip away my brain / Listen I ain’t foolin’ and you'd better think again -- He finds a turtleneck that looks like a good fit and toss it into a Tumi briefcase he’s gutted to claim his own. A bag of homemade COOKIES sits in his lap, pulled from someone's checked luggage. Bloodshot looks up at nothing particular and says: BLOODSHOT (CONT’D) Open new window. Access employee roster for Halcyon Technologies. He takes a bite of a cookie --
54) 0) text: The same EMPLOYEE RECORDS show on the screens here at RST They're seeing all of Bloodshot’s inquiries real-time. Also, they’re victim to his music selection. KP sits with Harting in the center, watching the data go like a pair of voyeurs.
55) 0) text: The 747 now parked at a gate. 51. BAGGAGE HANDLERS dressed for the cold weather unload the luggage from a conveyor belt as the bags travel from the belly of the plane. The Handlers turn around to grab another suitcase but ins find BLOODSHOT riding the conveyor down, dressed more war now himself, too, and carrying his (stolen) briefcase.
55) 1) dialog: (in Russian, subtitled) Luggage inspection. You handled that fragile box like it was your woman, good job. Here, have a cookie. Bloodshot leaves the mystified Handler with the cookie ba
56) 4) dialog: If I wanted you dead, you’d be dead. Krieger gasps for air -- 52. BLOODSHOT (CONT’D) Alexi Krieger. Yeah, I know who you are. You got an attack dog like Viktor for protection because you're not a fighter. So listen t--OOOF! Krieger’s ELBOW jams right in Bloodshot’s gut -- Then Krieger STOMPS Bloodshot’s foot -- Bloodshot loses his grip on the cord for a moment, and so Krieger LUNGES for the knife block -- Bloodshot PULLS back -- too late -- Krieger GRABS a blade LAUNCHES himself backwards -- SLAMS Bloodshot into the fridge -- again -- and again -- Doberman just watches -- that steak is really good. WHAM -- Bloodshot loses his grip on the cord. Krieger spi around -- STABS at Bloodshot -- the blade goes through Bloodshot’s hand -- BLOODSHOT (CONT’D) Seriously?! What’s the dog for?! Krieger sees he has the upper hand now, with Bloodshot impaled next to his fridge.
56) 6) dialog: Here’s your knife back. Bloodshot PUSHES his impaled hand further down the knife.
56) 7) text: A stunned Krieger watches as Bloodshot’s black blood heal the wound around the blade -- GRIPPING it so he can pull weapon out of a Krieger's hand.
56) 9) dialog: Couldn't find any rope or tape so I had to make do. By the way -- curling iron?
56) 11) dialog: I’m not up for discussion. Martin Axe is. You worked with him up until last month when you were let go. You worked in R&D. You know what he’s doing here. And what I can expect if I come at him. Krieger keeps staring at Bloodshot’s hand. His perfectly healed hand, as if he’d never been stabbed.
56) 13) dialog: I know a few parlor tricks. So, Martin Axe. What did you do for him? Let’s start there.
56) 16) dialog: (through the pain) Talk. Black blood runs into the shot glass...
56) 18) dialog: What for? He robbing a casino?
56) 20) dialog: What for?
56) 22) dialog: How often did you meet with Axe?
56) 24) dialog: So how do I get to him?
56) 26) dialog: I_just cut off my finger.
56) 28) dialog: Where is the bomb?
56) 30) dialog: You'd be surprised by what’s possible. Bloodshot takes his severed finger, winces as he pushes i against the stump... nanites stitch it back in place. Kri can barely believe his eyes. 55. BLOODSHOT (CONT’D) If you're lying to me, I’1l come back. Get a sample of your blood.
56) 32) dialog: You mean this? And drinks his own blood. Krieger is heartbroken. Bloodsh scratches Viktor’s head before slipping out.
57) 0) text: Bloodshot moves quickly down the street, talking to himse
57) 1) dialog: Less than a kilometer. He’s using voice over IP to speak with --
58) 2) dialog: Good waystation for exporting really nasty black market weapons. KP analyzes surveillance photos of the port...
58) 5) dialog: Already found P.O.E.
58) 7) dialog: Pretty high. Going through the front.
60) 0) text: Bloodshot walking right up to the front gate. Both guards emerge. Note: Dialogue in italics is subtitled.
60) 2) dialog: Here to see Martin Axe.
60) 4) dialog: I'm going to kill him. The guard looks back at his buddy -- is this guy for real In a flash -- Bloodshot RIPS the rifle out of the guard’s hands -- the other guard PANICS -- opens fire -- Shoots Bloodshot AND the other guard. Both bodies fall to the snow -- dead. Surviving guard’s f says it all -- fuck me.
62) 0) text: A Russian copycat of an American cartoon plays on a small One lone WATCHMAN with an AK-47 sits at a desk, enjoying show with a grin. Then he stands as a group of OTHER GUAR led by a MERCENARY COMMANDER (M.C.) haul in two bodies in black body bags. M.C. takes Bloodshot’s Desert Eagle from Guards, inspects it, nods, then sets it down, ordering: M.C. Put them on the tables here. The Guards obey, then leave. Meanwhile, the M.C. goes to the Watchman’s desk and grabs handset to the freighter’s internal phone line.
63) 0) text: The M.C. listens to his orders from Axe. M.C. Stay with them? Yes sir. The M.C. hangs up and looks back at the body bags, like, the hell am I babysitting dead men? Next to him, the Watc remains standing but goes back to his cartoons. In the background, visible between these two thugs, one o the body bags begins to UNZIP ITSELF. Behind them, Bloodshot SITS UP. Looks over at the men. 58. Bloodshot picks up his Desert Eagle off the table.
64) 0) text: Bloodshot makes his way down the narrow metal steps, arme with the AK-47. He ducks into the --
65) 0) text: Bloodshot searches the various panels -- finds the power line, RIPS it out.
68) 0) text: Axe’s MERCS make their way into the bowels of the freight weapons ready... Flashlights sweeping... Totally unaware that in the shadows -- Bloodshot watches. His eyes are tinged with a dull crimson GLOW, tracking th with a nanite-induced infrared filter until -- He STRIKES, blasting in the dark -- all rage and brutalit gone is the wisecracking man we thought we knew -- One, two, three men go down before they know what hit the 59. But there are too many, and from the door:
69) 0) text: Axe BURSTS into the dark kitchen -- on the run. From behi 60. BLOODSHOT’S VOICE You murdered my wife. Axe spins -- FIRES -- nothing. BLOODSHOT’S VOICE (CONT'D) Shot her in the head. Axe spins, SHOOTS again -- still nothing. Knows he's scre
70) 0) text: Axe BURSTS on to the deck -- Bloodshot right behind him - Axe RUNS for the railing, to dive off -- A GUNSHOT to the back puts Axe on the deck, face down. Axe WAILS, then tries to crawl -- but he’s lost feeling i his legs. The shot paralyzed him. Bloodshot steps close, the Desert Eagle in his hand... An looks scarier than ever. Full of primal rage. Sneering:
70) 1) dialog: You were casual about it. Like she didn’t matter at all. She mattered to me. Axe rolls over to face his enemy. Bloodshot is holding ou his iPod, “reminding” Axe of Gina with a photo of her. He been carrying it with him this whole time. Axe shows Bloodshot what’s in his hand: A REMOTE. BLINKIN
70) 3) text: Bloodshot stares down at us along the sights of the massi Desert Eagle. He says right at our face: 61.
70) 4) dialog: Thanks for the advice. BLAM! MUZZLE FLASH whites us out.
72) 0) text: From the high railing of the freighter thirty feet up, Bloodshot LEAPS to the concrete dock -- His legs break, knees buckle, and he rolls in pain. But a moment later he gets back up, the nanites stitching broken legs together... One step, then two... then -- He’s running again -- with Harting in his ear -- HARTING’S VOICE An EMP has been triggered -- you have ten seconds to get clear!
72) 1) dialog: What happens if I’m in it? HARTING’S VOICE Very bad things. So Bloodshot runs. Faster than ever. 62. On approach to the GATEHOUSE, he uses his momentum to LEA onto the roof of a parked car, and then to the roof of th gatehouse -- And now he’s hauling ass OVER ROOFTOPS, vaulting across alleys at 35MPH -- And then from the cargo ship a quarter-mile behind him: a distant CRACK and an abrupt BURST OF LIGHT -- Everything metal GROANS as a wave of shimmering magnetic energy BALLOONS from the belly of the cargo hold and then Lights out. Everywhere. No loud explosion. No mushroom cloud. Just a rolling blac like a ripple in a pond, rushing to Bloodshot and then --
72) 2) dialog: Not good not good not good -- OVERTAKING HIM and shutting out power --
73) 0) text: Harting’s screen goes black -- his line to Bloodshot dead
74) 0) text: Bloodshot DOUBLES OVER in pain -- ENDOSCOPIC SHOT: Bloodshot’s brain -- the nanites go dark then flicker -- a total system failure. Bloodshot’s eyes roll back --
76) 0) text: Bloodshot’s dying -- the nanites not re-booting -- his le not healing -- like nothing he’s experienced before. Bloodshot FALLS to the snowy rooftop on his back. WHUMP. His body begins to TURN GRAY... And on his torso, dead-center, a RED CIRCLE of light puls ENDOSCOPIC SHOT: Bloodshot’s brain -- nanites FLICKER in unison -- trying to reboot -- finally they go dark.
77) 0) text: Bloodshot wakes in bed. Alone. Which seems... odd.
77) 1) dialog: Gina...? He looks around -- finds the note. Went to get us breakfast, back soon. Practice makes perfe Bloodshot smiles. Turns and catches his reflection in the mirror -- the scar on his chest is gone. Or was it ever there?
77) 2) dialog: Sorry to call so early. Just needed to talk...
78) 0) text: Bloodshot’s on the balcony, leaving a message.
78) 1) dialog: Thinking about getting out of the field, taking that instructor's post... Remnants of the Day of the Dead festival litter the stree below. It’s all so... familiar. 64. BLOODSHOT (CONT’D) (laughs to himself) Sorry, if we’ve, uh, talked about this before. Just had this crazy dream.. anyway, call me.
79) 0) text: Bloodshot’s in the shower... lost in thought. Keeps scrub the same spot on his chest... right where the scar should Something is definitely wrong. He turns off the water...
80) 2) dialog: Where is she? Where’s my wife. Bloodshot remembers -- everything. Pro curses in Spanish BLOODSHOT (CONT’D) Then I’1l ask Martin Axe. Bloodshot THROWS the Pro off the balcony before --
81) 0) text: Moving into the hall, ready for Axe. But it’s empty. The stairwell door opens... here we go... But it’s just some OLD GUY with a ponytail. He sees the k in Bloodshot’s hand... freezes.
81) 1) dialog: Go to your room -- lock the door. Old Guy moves quickly past Bloodshot -- but then turns an STABS Bloodshot in the back with an auto-injector.
81) 2) text: A shocked Bloodshot SPINS on the old guy... legs lock up. his vision... cloudy... finally he collapses. 65.
82) 6) dialog: Where’s Martin... Axe?
82) 8) dialog: He set this up... took my wife...
82) 10) dialog: Please... please don’t do this...
82) 12) dialog: I_ DON’T KNOW. I don’t know... why are you doing this... why? 66. Ever see someone’s soul crushed? You're watching it. Gina SOBS -- Bloodshot tries to console her... BLOODSHOT (CONT’D) I’m sorry... so sorry... He closes his eyes -- can’t look at her -- too real -- to raw. We hold on Bloodshot’s face... GUNSHOT -- Bloodshot SHUDDERS -- Gina’s SOBBING silenced. BLOODSHOT (CONT’D) (defeated) Just do it... just kill me... Bloodshot looks up -- .45 pointed right at us, just like but now it’s the old guy’s tattooed hand holding the gun.
82) 15) dialog: It wasn’t... Axe...
82) 18) dialog: Russian bastard -- 67.
82) 20) dialog: Yeah, I’ve done that before --
82) 30) dialog: Yeah -- the first time. But I bit my tongue off... second and third times just hurt.
82) 32) dialog: How... how did I get here?
82) 34) dialog: I saw my wife again. Like a dream... Krieger gives him a sly smile...
82) 36) dialog: Not that kind of dream. (beat) I saw her die... but it wasn’t Axe. It was some German dude, then an African with a scar, then an old guy, white ponytail, greek letters tattooed on his hand...
82) 40) dialog: Why didn’t you just tell me?
82) 42) dialog: What myth? What are you talking about? Krieger goes and sits down heavily in a chair nearby. He the body language of a father who just learned his teenag daughter is pregnant.
82) 44) dialog: (beat) You think it’s me? Krieger shrugs, but it’s clear he does. BLOODSHOT (CONT’D) I was dead last month. And before that, I'd never heard of Harting or RST.
82) 46) dialog: (more to himself) I wanted to kill him so badly... to make him pay... what if I was wrong? (then) I have to find out.
82) 48) dialog: Then I need to catch one.
83) 0) text: Bloodshot limps down the street, Krieger by his side. In Bloodshot’s hand: his iPod. Bricked by the EMP. Krieger doesn’t notice the look of loss on his face.
83) 2) dialog: I don’t need an internet café. I have wifi in my veins.
83) 4) dialog: How do you know so much about RST?
83) 6) dialog: Close but not quite. (a breath) Guess I’m on my own now.
83) 8) dialog: (nods ) Thank you. When I figure this all out, I may call on you again, for help. (earnest) And I’'1l get you that blood sample. 71.
84) 0) text: This station is not much more than a platform and an outd train schedule on a wall. Bloodshot waits for the next train, hands in his pockets. looks down the track: A train approaches. But it doesn’t seem to be slowing dow At the other end of the platform, a RUSSIAN PATROLMAN ste on. Walking cautiously toward Bloodshot. Bloodshot casually turns his back to the cop and keeps hi collar up, but then he sees ANOTHER PATROLMAN flanking hi
84) 1) dialog: (sotto; sarcastic) Looks like this is my train. Except this one isn’t stopping. It rockets past him... The two PATROLMEN advance on Bloodshot, their radio hands squawking in some Russian dialect... Bloodshot gets closer to the train, like he’s ready to ju the track soon as it’s cleared the way -- The PATROLMEN pull their guns:
85) 0) text: Bloodshot sits down and takes a few breaths before he physically SNAPS his dislocated arm back into place. 72. It’s audibly painful. For a moment he just lies there. Then, through the windows of this car: the street lights crossing bridge. He’s out of the EMP's range.
85) 1) dialog: (to himself) Back on the grid. Here we go...
87) 1) dialog: After the blackout, I remembered it all... I was living it again, like a dream. But it wasn’t Axe, it was someone else. Harting mutes his mic, turns to a tech --
87) 5) dialog: I need to figure this out first.
87) 7) dialog: Maybe they were malfunctioning before. 73.
87) 9) dialog: Wouldn't be the first time...
87) 11) dialog: (as he enters a passenger car) Right now, I don’t trust anyone.
87) 15) dialog: (to himself) Yeah, I bet you can see this, Harting. If you've betrayed me, I’m tearing it all down... hang on, what’s this? An arrow icon in the corner connects Harting’s CEO box to something off-screen. Bloodshot triggers the icon -- And the org chart ZOOMS OUT to reveal RST is merely one branch on a massive tree of black-tech companies. A terri conglomerate of death with a dozen more men like Harting. the top of it all? A man named KOZOL. The puppet master. BLOODSHOT (0.S.) (CONT’D) Who the hell is that? 74. And from a corporate headshot of Kozol by his name --
89) 0) text: The passenger train slices through the hilly forest, havi escaped the cold snows of deep Russia. INT. PASSENGER TRAIN - “COACH” SEATING - DAY Bloodshot makes his way up the aisle, looking for a place sit, trying to look inconspicuous. Of course he’s wearing the same shirt from St. Petersburg He looks like a hobo. A zombie hobo, with his skin tone. On the train’s TV in the corner, live news of the EMP explosion is the main attraction. A few blue-collar COMMU watch the TV with interest. Then an image of Bloodshot appears on screen, with the bu text of “BREAKING NEWS” underneath. So Bloodshot keeps moving, head down, not making eye contact with anyone.
90) 0) text: Bloodshot slides open the door and steps in.
90) 1) text: This is where the rich ride. One extra-large seat on eith side of the main aisle versus two small ones. Leg room. And also virtually empty. In one seat: A foppish BRITISH COMMUTER, sipping a tea wh working on his laptop on a tray. Bloodshot eyes that laptop. And sits down across from him The Brit glances at Bloodshot, then does a double-take. As Bloodshot gets comfortable, the Brit clears his throat
90) 3) dialog: Why, is this seat taken?
90) 5) dialog: Everyone keeps telling me that. The Brit starts to stand up, grabbing his laptop -- 76.
90) 7) dialog: I just need to borrow your laptop.
90) 9) dialog: I‘1l just take a minute, I won’t even close your browser so you can keep shopping for monocles or whatever --
90) 11) dialog: Is it? The password sequence CYCLES THROUGH numbers until -- DIN
90) 13) dialog: Ohh wait, that’s not a monocle site! Red-faced, the Brit now jumps out of his seat and flees f the next car, with the threat over his shoulder:
90) 15) dialog: (friendly) Oh I think you’re safe to watch porn here, don’t worry! Even more incensed, the Brit opens the (electric) pocket and hurries to the next car. Now temporarily alone, Bloodshot opens a new search scree 77. Types in the name: “Nick Baris.” The browser responds with a PINWHEEL ICON. Bloodshot rolls his eyes. Taps the tray-table impatiently ON SCREEN: Search results return. News articles. Click -- SERIES OF QUICK CUTS: Photos of Baris. Tommy Lao. Freidri Leipzig. All of them from Bloodshot’s memory. A couple of bars of Led Zeppelin punch through like a broken record. GUNSHOT RIPS US BACK TO: Bloodshot, in shock. His own pas in doubt. More than that, this is a man who suddenly does know quite who he really is. Slowly, carefully, and full of hopes and fears, Bloodshot enters a new name into the search bar -- “Gina Garrison.” He hits ENTER. Nail-biting seconds go by. Bloodshot stares at the screen. Finally, the results. And the top result leads to a Faceb personal page... Gina Garrison Relationship Status not listed Currently Living in Florence, Italy Bloodshot stares at that entry. And then down to the location. Florence. The sound of the train slowing down gets his attention. Bloodshot looks up and out the window -- they’re pulling an urban train station. The foppish Brit is on his way back with a TRAIN OFFICER Bloodshot points at the pocket door just as the Officer g to it, and the door BUZZES when the Officer pulls. It’s stuck. The Officer tries again. Still stuck. Bloodshot gets up and waves at the Brit, pointing at his laptop as he heads to the other door: BLOODSHOT (CONT’D) All good, thanks! 78. He steps out of the car and --
91) 0) text: Bloodshot strides from the train to the sound of an on-bo ALARM. As he looks up at the departures board, it’s in German, but-- BLOODSHOT’S POV: The German translates real-time to Engli One entry highlights: FLORENCE. And the tag: “DELAYED.”
91) 1) dialog: (sotto) Trains are supposed to run on time here, come on Germany...
93) 0) text: At a window for a fashionable clothing store, a mannequin sports a stylish yet masculine OUTFIT, with a longcoat. Bloodshot admires it. Checks his pockets.
94) 0) text: Bloodshot steps up to the cash machine. He puts his hand on the number pad and squints. The screen changes to read: “TEST MODE.” And then: “TESTING DISPENSER.” Euro bills start coughing out at him.
95) 0) text: Bloodshot walks out of the store in new clothes. The mannequin is now nude in the window.
96) 0) text: A sleek Tesla sport model is parked in the charging stati outside the train terminal. Bloodshot steps up to the door. He snaps his fingers. And lights wink. The doors unlock. Bloodshot grins.
101) 0) text: Home of the Renaissance... rebirth. A maze of narrow stre and red rooftops along the winding Arno river. Bloodshot stands outside an electronics store full of cheap gadgets holding a prepaid phone. The electric sedan is crash-park behind him.
101) 1) dialog: (into phone) Listen carefully. You were right. And you helped me, which now makes you a target. You can go underground, wait it out, or you can help me expose Rising Spirit. INT. KRIEGER’S FLAT - DAY Krieger holds his phone to his ear with one hand as he co something over the stove, stirring it with his other. He’ also wearing safety goggles and a lead apron.
102) 0) text: Later. A quaint, romantic little residential street of compact apartment buildings. Bloodshot walks up to the call box on the old seminary tu luxury condo complex... finds the button for 4D. Pauses. Then stops. Like he’s lost his courage for a moment. He then hears a car door slam SHUT somewhere nearby, so h follows an alleyway around, to --
103) 0) text: A small open space behind the condo where a handful of li foreign two-seaters are parked... .»+-and a very recognizable PICKUP TRUCK. A little more b up, but otherwise it’s the one from Bloodshot’s memory. Astonished, Bloodshot approaches it. He reaches out, cautious, and places his hand on the tailgate. Caresses i as if it were a wild creature easily spooked.
103) 1) dialog: It’s real... 83. That’s what he’s grappling with -- the memories of Gina i Tijuana must have some truth, if the truck is real.
104) 0) text: Bloodshot ascends the stairs, marching to 4D. At the door, he holds up a fist to knock, notices his han trembling. He is legitimately nervous about this part; bo thrilled and terrified to see his wife. While he holds his fist, trying to steady himself -- The door opens, and he is nearly run into by: GINA. Alive and well. She stops an inch short of running into him, and GASPS. Bloodshot’s heart POUNDS. Can't speak. Can't breathe. Can believe what he's seeing... And neither can she.
104) 1) dialog: Gina?
104) 3) dialog: You’re, uh... you’re late. He says it to try and break the incredible tension, but i just brings all the sorrow roiling up even more. Gina doesn't reply with her retort. Instead she reaches o and brushes his cheek with her hand, mystified...
104) 5) dialog: Yeah --
104) 7) dialog: I think I was. 84. That’s all they can take. Gina steps in for an embrace. T two hold onto each other at the threshold of her door. INT. GINA’S FLORENCE APARTMENT - DAY Bloodshot sits on the sofa, a glass of water in front of Gina stares at him from a chair. Eyes still ready to cry.
104) 9) dialog: I have so much to say, I don’t know where to start. I thought you were dead, too.
104) 11) dialog: I saw it. I was right there.
104) 13) dialog: In Mexico. Our second honeymoon. Gina frowns. Leans in.
104) 15) dialog: I’m talking about when we drove to TJ... after Colombia. FLASH ON: the Chevy racing down the highway, water gliste on both sides of the road... too beautiful to be real. Gina searches his eyes... does he really not know?
104) 17) text: Bloodshot’s whole world is spinning. Everything he knows. Everything he remembers...
104) 18) dialog: So... None of it was real? 85. Gina comes over to where he’s sitting and puts her hands his, forcing him to focus on her:
104) 20) dialog: But how... Were... were we even married?
104) 22) dialog: I don’t remember that. (grasping for anything) But, but I do remember you like tequila... We were somewhere near a beach--
104) 25) dialog: Brought me back from the dead. And then gave me a mission. But now, I’m done with that -- I found you. Maybe, if I’m close to you it will all start to click again --
104) 27) dialog: We can have a new life together somewhere --
104) 29) dialog: A year? What are you talking about? Gina looks at him. Finally she’s starting to understand w a lost puppy he is inside that amazing fighting machine. 86.
104) 32) dialog: We have to move. But it’s already in motion -- GAS GRENADES crash through windows, spewing a chemical fog -- And with a thunderous BOOM, the front door is blown off i hinges with surgical explosives -- Bloodshot grabs a shell-shocked Gina and pulls her to the bedroom -- As they go, TIBBS rappels in from the window, gas mask ov his face, assault rifle out, his feet slide on the floor And Bloodshot DAZES him with a strike, then steals his ri just as KP and SO LONG storm in from the front -- Bloodshot fires off a quick suppressive burst and then ge into the bedroom -- INT. GINA’S BEDROOM Gina has her hands over her ears, terrified by the loudne of everything -- Bloodshot points --
104) 33) dialog: Get in there! Gina hurries into the master bathroom. 87.
105) 2) dialog: I wasn’t aiming for your head either!
105) 6) dialog: Do you still trust me?
105) 8) dialog: Oh hell, this is gonna hurt... He holds out his hands, his back to the open window, one perched on the frame -- starts breathing short breaths as to psych himself up for what he’s about to do --
106) 0) text: They fall one story onto the hard red tile -- Bloodshot cradling Gina against him protectively as they slide hard right off the slanted roof -- For a two-story FREEFALL -- CRASHING down through the fabric-awning roof of a FOOD CA Gina rolls off, harmlessly landing on all fours next to t mutilated cart with Bloodshot atop it, a mass of broken limbs, neck, ribs. Gina sees and gasps. She gasps again when Bloodshot STANDS UP.
106) 2) dialog: Give me a minute. 89. He cracks his head back into place. Resets his ribs. Rota his shoulders. Everything seemingly in order -- But she’s staring at him in horror. One hand over her mou the other pointed right at him, at...
106) 4) dialog: All good. I’1l walk it off. INT. GINA’S BEDROOM So Long stares out the window, getting angrier.
108) 0) text: Bloodshot’s at the wheel...
108) 2) dialog: They’re bad people, Gina. Everything they touch turns bad.
108) 4) dialog: That was my fault. It was wrong of me to track you down like this. Let me deal with them and we can start over.
108) 6) dialog: I will come back for you.
108) 8) dialog: Wish me luck. She can do that. Gina pulls him to her... ...and kisses him as if she’d been waiting years for it.
108) 11) dialog: Thank you.
109) 0) text: KP guns the SUV around the corner, wheels skidding -- And the pickup is out of view, but instead they see: BLOODSHOT -- RUNNING RIGHT AT THEM.
110) 0) text: The windshield caves in on them as Bloodshot’s momentum k launching him into the backseat -- a stray fist PUNCHING So Long as he goes by -- then --
111) 0) text: -- Bloodshot comes CRASHING out the rear window, a mess o man full of cut glass and broken limbs... He rolls on the ground to a heap a dozen yards away. And then... Bloodshot GETS BACK UP. And shakes it off.
113) 0) text: Bloodshot -- takes a bullet -- another -- stumbles -- The SUV SLAMS into him again, running him down -- KP mashes the brakes and everyone stares out the front at BLOODSHOT, who despite both hit-and-run encounters... gets back up. Paler than before. Arm definitely broken -- Oh wait, he just shook it back into place. So Long grins and steps out.
113) 3) dialog: (rough whisper) Get out of here... Before... Bloodshot's gaze drifts off to a distant stare and he sto breathing. He's dead. Gina folds over his body, shoulders lurching in fresh gri And then KP steps up, weapon out...
113) 4) text: So Long gets back up and joins KP. But he picks Gina up roughly to carry her to the SUV... And Gina just keeps reaching out for Bloodshot. Devastate FADE TO BLACK.
114) 0) text: Bloodshot’s mangled corpse is loaded into the tank.
116) 0) text: The circular needle array moves into place... thousands o little daggers gleaming in the light. With a sudden JERK they SLAM into Bloodshot’s chest -- CRACKING his sternum. Dark fluid is pumped down the needle array... flowing int Bloodshot’s body. Slowly his wounds begin to heal -- bone and flesh reformi
118) 0) text: Off Bloodshot’s lifeless face -- CUT TO: STROBING LIGHT. Sun blasts between overhead vegetation as drive quickly through --
126) 0) text: Bloodshot wakes with a start... a twinkle in his eye. He knows exactly where he is. HARTING’S VOICE Language centers online. (in English) Identify yourself. Bloodshot thrashes violently -- skin pale as a ghost.
126) 1) dialog: I don’t know -- (enraged) WHY DON’T I KNOW?!? HARTING’S VOICE Begin sedation.
127) 0) text: Bloodshot sits up suddenly. Tries to get his bearings. Notices all the security cameras pointed at him. He opens his shirt to see the telltale red circle as it f to reveal the scar. He touches it, as if trying to remember where he got it. 100.
129) 0) text: Bloodshot looks up as Harting enters...
129) 2) dialog: Hell of a hangover.
129) 4) dialog: Unfortunately, yes.
129) 6) dialog: That’s not all I remember -- Bloodshot LUNGES at Harting -- who SPINS towards the exit
129) 10) dialog: Show me security camera feed. BLOODSHOT POV: An overlay appears, showing various securi cameras of the facility. Several persons of interest are visually ‘tagged’ when spotted on cameras, like Harting, So Long, Tibbs... And then one camera reveals GINA, pacing in a locked room Bloodshot blinks. BLOODSHOT (CONT’D) Gina. Bloodshot gets up and goes for a camera in the corner.
131) 0) text: Bloodshot sees the elevator rising to his floor -- BLOODSHOT POV: And on one of the security camera windows his mind’s eye, the elevator is packed with a SECURITY TE in full armor, assault rifles, and grenades. DING! The elevator doors slide open -- a SOLDIER steps ou the lead with a ballistic shield, leading the rest -- -- and Bloodshot strikes from above, having clung to the ceiling overhead -- punching and kicking while they’re al bunched up and too close to fire -- Some get a few bursts off but the rounds chew right throu Bloodshot and wind up killing TEAMMATES behind him until Boom, the last goes down. Bloodshot’s surrounded by bodie But now there are sounds of the Chainsaw gang approaching from the stairwell. Only one way to get past: the infusion lab. Bloodshot put grenade to the lab doors on the handle and pulls the pin. He then looks around for somewhere to find cover -- oh sh there’s nowhere to hide really --
131) 1) dialog: Ah hell -- He grabs the ballistic shield and crouches behind it, the BLOWN BACK when the grenade detonates in a fiery explosio
132) 0) text: Fire and smoke and alarms. But where is -- oh here he com Bloodshot walks through the wall of flames... emerging on other side ON FIRE, like some demon stepping out of hell. ...-but then the nanites are so good at healing him, the actually snuffs out as he strides for the exit.
132) 1) text: A faint ringing CHIRP from Bloodshot’s head, then:
132) 2) dialog: Tell me you're here.
133) 3) dialog: Not yet. With that, Bloodshot is on the move again.
135) 0) text: Bloodshot’s surrounded by flames... but he’s nonplussed, kicking at the exit doors, breaking the lock. Suddenly -- GUNSHOT. His shoulder explodes with inky blac blood. Direct hit from:
135) 2) dialog: Nearly takes another hit. He closes his eyes -- exhales - ENDOSCOPIC SHOT: Bloodshot’s heart -- nanites slow the bl flow so that his body cools and -- TIBBS’S POV: Bloodshot’s thermal image disappears.
135) 8) dialog: You don’t have to do this...
135) 10) dialog: Is it your job to murder innocents? Like my wife? This is what’s been weighing on KP’s conscience... Bloodshot tries to crawl away... So Long stalks after him
135) 14) dialog: Yeah, but you can’t swim with it -- Bloodshot PUSHES So Long into the massive pool. At the la moment, just before he’s underwater, So Long reaches out PULLS Bloodshot in with him --
135) 16) text: So Long and Bloodshot wrestle, So Long trying to keep his opponent underwater with him, but Bloodshot won’t drown. So Long SCREAMS underwater with his last breath, a final bubble rolling out of his open mouth... And Bloodshot flips the bird at him in farewell. Breaking free, Bloodshot returns to the surface --
136) 3) dialog: Get out of here. There’s a crazy Russian outside, he’ll take care of you. Trust me.
136) 5) dialog: It was Harting -- he used us both.
136) 7) dialog: That’s what he always does. But it won’t work this time. He kicks open the stairwell door and leads KP inside.
139) 0) text: Gina jumps as something BASHES the door to her cell. WHUM WHUMP. And then it comes crashing open. Gina coils, ready to defend herself, when -- Bloodshot steps in.
139) 2) dialog: I’m not sure. Gina goes to him, both drawn to the man she loved, and a fearful of what he’s become. She’s seen it firsthand now.
139) 4) dialog: I know. (then) You shouldn't even be here. Let’s fix that.
140) 0) text: An elevator opens its doors. Bloodshot gets Gina inside a starts to step in, but pauses at the threshold. BLOODSHOT’S POV: In one corner of his vision, a security camera viewpoint, showing Harting in a server room. An overlay graphic indicates what Harting is doing -- He's downloading the Bloodshot program data. 20%... 25%..
140) 2) dialog: I have a ride waiting for you downstairs.
140) 4) dialog: I can’t remember us. I don’t even remember our wedding night.
140) 6) dialog: Gina, they will keep coming at me until I’m dead, or I stop them. I may be dead either way. But I have one chance to stop Harting. She knows what he’s saying. A kind of goodbye.
140) 8) dialog: What would he do? Ray. The man you married. It’s a direct question, and the answer pains Gina. But sh won't lie to him.
140) 10) dialog: How do you know?
140) 12) dialog: I love you. 109.
141) 0) text: Bloodshot KICKS open the door, stepping to the center of room stacked with computer towers. At one station, the da download is still running: 85%... 90%... From behind, Harting AMBUSHES Bloodshot -- gets Bloodshot a choke-hold with his cyber-arm. Bloodshot struggles to break free... His face turning red
141) 2) dialog: I was a soldier, you made me a killer!
142) 0) text: Harting stands, backs up, looking for a way out, for something to use on Bloodshot here -- He finds the Japanese SHORT SWORD on a table. Picks it up Bloodshot steps in. A silhouette against the lights from outside. His eyes shine red, his teeth white. For one fra of the movie he is a comic book panel.
142) 1) dialog: That knife can’t stop me, doc. Harting pulls out the DEVICE from R&D and thumbs a power button on its top.
142) 6) text: Harting walks away, leaving Bloodshot on the floor, bleed out black blood like an oil spill. The red emergency lights clack on. Sirens blare. The faci is prepping for self-destruct. Bloodshot stares at the ceiling with red eyes. The black nanite-filled blood seeps out... Bloodshot sees a WORK LIGHT still on, a dozen feet away. 111. With every last ounce of strength, in his dying breaths, crawls to the power cable strewn on the floor. He then pulls out the sword from his chest. That starts another stream of black blood onto the floor. Bloodshot’s final action: He slams the blade down on the power cable, severing it. He then falls over, dead. Nothing left in him. The inert nanite blood pools, creeping toward -- The LIVE WIRE. And when the black fluid touches it... A ripple of ELECTRICITY SNAKES THROUGH the blood. For a moment it’s like a lightning storm inside a black cloud. And then, just like that -- The blood stops seeping out. It REVERSES DIRECTION. BLOODSHOT’S DEAD EYES flutter, then blink. BLOODSHOT’S POV: Self-diagnostic data scrolls past his fi of view along with the big words: “REBOOT SEQUENCE.” Suddenly he takes a big breath. Sits up. Overhead, the sound of a helicopter powering up.
143) 0) text: Harting hurries for the chopper, the PILOT gesturing for when -- SLAM -- stairwell door flies open behind Harting. It’s Bloodshot. He THROWS Harting’s sword, hard as he can Harting dodges it. Faces Bloodshot defiantly:
143) 2) dialog: Wasn’t aiming for you. Harting looks back -- the Pilot is now crumpled over the yoke, the sword buried in his back. Harting moves for Bloodshot now. Harting hits hard with h cyber-arm, but Bloodshot takes the punch -- Every time it looks like his jaw is broken, it immediatel resets. Even the bruising disappears. 112. But it just makes Harting more furious, and he SLAMS Bloodshot down, this time making him spit up black blood.
143) 4) dialog: I’ve learned a thing or two since then. The black blood spilling from Bloodshot’s wound suddenly begins to rise like a tendril -- As if the nanite-controlled plasma were its own creature -- and it STRIKES into Harting’s cyber-arm, pulsing with synaptic bio-electric current -- The sparks SHORT-CIRCUIT that arm, seizing it up -- And now Harting’s arm is LOCKED IN PLACE, firmly gripping Bloodshot’s arm. The two men are as good as handcuffed. The battle has swayed in Bloodshot’s favor. Harting can’t keep up with Bloodshot’s relentless assault, especially w just one free arm. With every strike, Bloodshot pushes Harting to the edge o the roof. Harting knows he’s losing. Starts to get desper
143) 6) dialog: What.
143) 8) dialog: I don’t need it anymore. Bloodshot drags them both to the lip of the roof, teeteri dozen stories from the ground. The building burns. Hartin terrified, in disbelief at what is about to happen.
143) 10) dialog: Stepping off the ledge. With that, Bloodshot hurls himself and Harting off the ro WIDE ANGLE: The two figures fall 200 feet -- but only one voice SCREAMS all the way down: Harting. The ground rushe for them, and then:
144) 0) text: Bloodshot wakes with a start -- back in a hospital gown. Krieger is right there, waiting for him.
144) 2) dialog: Hell of a hangover. Krieger smiles, happy with his science work.
144) 4) dialog: Enough. And you can call me Ray. He slowly gets out of the bed. Rolls his shoulders. And n the crazy machinery that brought him back. BLOODSHOT (CONT’D) How permanent is this?
144) 6) dialog: Great, just great. Love specific answers. (then) And Harting? 114.
144) 8) dialog: What about Gina?
144) 10) dialog: KP. Good to see you.
144) 12) dialog: I didn’t think I’d live to see this far.
145) 1) dialog: Not yet... She steps into the parking courtyard and stops, surprised HER PICKUP is fully repaired and washed. The collision wi So Long is now hardly a dent on the front grill. Gina is confused and shocked, but then she realizes. Grin Her husband is still out there.
145) 2) dialog: I still have work to do. SMASH TO BLACK. 115.
146) 2) dialog: You could've fought back a little.
146) 4) dialog: But it’s a nice day out. (cocks weapon) You know why I’m here, don’t you?
146) 6) dialog: That's right.
146) 8) dialog: That so?
146) 10) text: He gestures with his hands, and the massive structure RIS out of the water -- workers JUMPING off to flee -- others hanging on as tethers snap -- The ten-thousand-ton structure keeps rising like an eleva revealing the PUMP that extends to the ocean floor... ZOOMING OUT in time to see Harada gesture, and LAUNCH the entire thing into the stratosphere. ON BLOODSHOT: Gobsmacked. Who the hell can do that? SLAM TO BLACK.