2) 0) text: A blinding beam of light cuts across the room. One  pornographic slide after another hits the screen at the  opposite end of the room. They show a dowdy group in some anonymous bedroom, frozen in various stages of a sexual  orgy.  GERALD FLETCHER is slumped on a sofa. His young wife, ANN is curled up beside him.  SID FLETCHER, operating the projector's remote-control,  has the same flaccid appearance as his twin brother.  Jack Carter, drink in hand, watches from an armchair.  Clunk. Another slide hits the screen. Gerald is getting  turned on. He runs his hand along his wife's stockinged  leg. Anna shudders momentarily. She obviously finds his  touch repulsive. Carter watches Gerald's hand.
2) 11) text: Jack and Anna look at each other momentarily. There is  definitely something between them. 
52) 0) text: Anna is undressing. She's alone. Pulling the short black- silk underslip over her head, she stands in front of a  long mirror, clad only in black panties, bra and tights.  She looks at herself appreciatively. The phone rings. She flops on the bed and picks up the receiver.
52) 1) dialog: Hello.
52) 3) dialog: How I miss you. (She stretches  herself out sexily  and smiles.) Stop it, darling.
54) 0) text: Anna is lying full-length on the bed.
54) 1) dialog: In the bedroom.
54) 3) dialog: My black underwear.
55) 2) text: Anna replies. He continues softly.
56) 0) text: Anna unhooks her bra. There's a flash of breasts.
58) 0) text: Anna's hands cover her breasts. Her head moves slowly fro side to side, eyes closed.
60) 0) text: Anna's hand caresses the inside of her leg. Her head roll from side to side slowly. She's breathing heavily. CROSS-CUT between Edna's head rocking backwards and forwa and Anna's head moving from side to side.
61) 0) text: Suddenly the door opens and Gerald comes in. He sees Anna groaning on the bed.
61) 2) text: Anna sits up abruptly and puts her hand over the receiver
61) 3) dialog: No, darling. Just doing some  exercises, (into telephone) Listen, Janet, Gerald's just got  in, so I must ring off. (pause) Yes. Yes. I'll come tomorrow.