23) 0) text: The hearse is parked outside the row of terraced houses. youthful UNDERTAKER is minding it. He turns and looks  through the back window as a young girl walks up the stre DOREEN CARTER is sixteen and, like most girls of her age, tries to look older. She wears all the right gear but it' cheap and doesn't fit properly. Her long hair is lank.   There's something sad and embarrassing about her appearan The young undertaker watches as she enters Frank's house.
24) 0) text: The door opens slowly. Doreen stands there looking at the coffin. Carter sees her.
24) 4) text: Doreen doesn 't answer.
24) 6) text: Doreen nods. The undertaker coughs and thrusts another  screw into the coffin.
24) 8) dialog: (pause) Yeah.
24) 10) dialog: (dazed) They said he was drunk.
26) 2) dialog: I left last year.
26) 4) dialog: Working at Woolworths. 
26) 6) dialog: Yes.
26) 7) text: Carter and Doreen look at each other awkwardly.
26) 9) text: Doreen looks at him nervously, shakes her head and fumble in her bag for a cigarette. Carter continues, slightly indignant.
27) 0) text: The undertakers struggle with the coffin down the narrow  staircase into the street. Outside Carter and Doreen wait with two men. EDDIE APPLEYARD, a middle-aged man, is wear a shabby tweed suit, cap and black tie. KEITH LACEY is a  young barman who worked with Frank.
30) 0) text: Carter, Doreen, Eddie and Keith are in the front pews fac the catafalque on which Frank's coffin rests. The vicar i already midway through the solemn words of the 'committal when a woman enters. The clunk of her high heels cuts  through the silence. Everybody looks round.
30) 2) text: Doreen nods. Frank's coffin sinks out of sight.
32) 4) text: They face each other in silence. Margaret looks past Cart and sees Doreen watching them at the end of the cloisters She turns away and starts walking slowly. Carter moves  with her.  Margaret continues nervously.
32) 9) text: Margaret stops in her tracks and looks back at Doreen.  She's still watching them.
34) 0) text: It's a large room with a horseshoe bar in the centre, a  real boozer.  A handful of hard drinkers are already in  position. Carter, Doreen, Keith and Eddie are sitting alone. Their  table is already covered with glasses. Doreen appears to  be slightly drunk on Babycham, Eddie on whisky and Keith  on beer. Carter is stone-cold sober.
34) 3) text: Eddie and Keith look at each other. Doreen watches them. She is getting very upset by the  conversation.
34) 14) text: Doreen is now crying openly.
34) 16) dialog: (blurts out) How would you know? (She suddenly jumps  up and empties her  glass in Eddie's  face.) Or you?  Or you? None of you knew.   I knew. He was me dad.
50) 0) text: On the corner is a neon-lit snack bar. Doreen and another young girl are sitting inside sucking milk shakes. Somewh a drunk is singing. His voice echoes up the alley. Carter draws alongside and notices Doreen. He stops and  watches her. She hasn't seen him so he goes to the window and knocks on it. She looks up and he beckons her outside Reluctantly, she comes.
50) 2) dialog: Yeah.
50) 4) dialog: No.
50) 7) dialog: At me friend's house.
50) 9) dialog: Wilton Estate.
50) 11) text: Doreen nods.
50) 13) dialog: (Can't believe it) Thanks.
50) 16) text: Doreen blushes and turns away. She rushes back to the sna bar with the money to show her friend.
97) 0) text: Carter is sitting up on the mattress, amused by the soft  porn unfolding on the white wall in front of him. The schoolgirl accepts the lift and the car drives off.  The door to an anonymous apartment opens and Margaret com in with the girl. Her school hat still hides her identity Glenda is there to greet them. The girl is very awkward. Glenda tries to make her relax, sitting her down and showing her a magazine. Glenda brings her into a bedroom. She takes her own top  off and goes to do the same with the girl. She takes her  hat off. A close-up shows that it is Doreen. Carter tenses but never flinches from what's happening in the film.  Margaret comes into the bedroom and feigns sho at what she sees. She slaps Glenda and they start fightin eventually rolling off the bed. The apartment door opens and a man smoking a big cigar  comes in. Carter sits up. It's Albert Swift. Albert opens another door, looking for someone. He leaves Another door opens and he's in the bedroom. He sees the  two women fighting on the floor, but on the bed is his  prize Doreen.  Carter watches. Doreen bites her nails and looks terrified. Reflected in  the mirror behind Carter is the image of Albert taking of his trousers. The reel runs out and flaps like a fish.  Carter doesn't move. Tears form in his eyes. He looks old and defeated. His is a wasted life. Then the anger that  drives him explodes again and he throws back the bedcloth