27) 0) text: The undertakers struggle with the coffin down the narrow  staircase into the street. Outside Carter and Doreen wait with two men. EDDIE APPLEYARD, a middle-aged man, is wear a shabby tweed suit, cap and black tie. KEITH LACEY is a  young barman who worked with Frank.
27) 1) dialog: We weren't sure where it was taking  place, like.
27) 3) dialog: No. Frank was a good bloke.
27) 5) dialog: One of the best.
28) 0) text: Through the windscreen of the following limousine Carter  can see his brother's coffin in the hearse as it moves  slowly through the streets of the city. Sitting in front  on fold-out seats are Eddie and Keith.
28) 6) dialog: (not to be left out) It's a bloody funny thing. You  know a bloke for six bloody years  and all the time he's as calm as  gentle Jesus... (pause) ...then he goes and does a thing  like that. (he shakes his head.) It's a bloody funny thing.
30) 0) text: Carter, Doreen, Eddie and Keith are in the front pews fac the catafalque on which Frank's coffin rests. The vicar i already midway through the solemn words of the 'committal when a woman enters. The clunk of her high heels cuts  through the silence. Everybody looks round.
34) 0) text: It's a large room with a horseshoe bar in the centre, a  real boozer.  A handful of hard drinkers are already in  position. Carter, Doreen, Keith and Eddie are sitting alone. Their  table is already covered with glasses. Doreen appears to  be slightly drunk on Babycham, Eddie on whisky and Keith  on beer. Carter is stone-cold sober.
34) 1) dialog: Absent friends. (He raises his glass  and drinks, then  continues  thoughtfully.) You don't think he might have done  it on purpose?
34) 3) text: Eddie and Keith look at each other. Doreen watches them. She is getting very upset by the  conversation.
34) 15) dialog: (finishing off his  drink) Bloody good bloke. One of the best.
34) 19) dialog: (wiping his face  with a handkerchief) Don't worry. She's bound to be  upset.
34) 21) dialog: No. I'll be off now. I should be  at work.
34) 22) text: Eddie stands up, cap in hand. Carter pulls out a wad of  money.
34) 24) dialog: No. It's all right.
34) 26) dialog: Frank was a good bloke. It's the  least I could have done.
34) 27) text: Eddie leaves.