39) 0) text: Carter stands alone, casting an eye over the punters. His eyes rest on someone the other side of the saddling ring  ERIC PAICE.  Dressed in a grey chauffeur's uniform, cap,  dark glasses and gloves, he is standing close to three  well-heeled-looking men with binoculars and shooting stic Horses for the next race are being led around the enclosu Carter approaches from behind. He looks at Eric closely  before speaking.
39) 2) text: Eric swings round, startled.
39) 3) dialog: Good God!
39) 6) dialog: Jack Carter.
39) 8) dialog: What you doing around here then?
39) 10) dialog: No, I didn't know that.
39) 12) text: Carter takes out his cigarettes. Eric takes one.
39) 13) dialog: Thanks. So what're you doing? On  your holidays?
39) 15) dialog: Oh, that's nice.
39) 17) dialog: Meaning what?  
39) 19) dialog: Oh, I'm sorry to hear that.
39) 21) text: Carter flicks bis lighter and gives Eric a, light.
39) 22) dialog: Well, well. Small world, isn't it?
39) 24) dialog: Oh, I'm straight. (indicating uniform) Respectable.
39) 26) dialog: Oh, you've been watching television.
39) 28) text: Eric smiles back.  
39) 30) text: Eric shakes his head.
39) 32) text: Eric shakes his head
39) 33) dialog: What's it to you anyway? 
39) 35) dialog: That's not always a healthy way to  be...
39) 39) dialog: Making a living.
39) 41) text: Eric stares back.
39) 43) dialog: Still got a sense of humour?
39) 45) dialog: Can't say I do.
42) 0) text: Eric Paice is driving. In the back sit the three men seen with him at the race track. The drinks compartment is ope and they are helping themselves to champagne. Racing resu come over the car radio.
46) 0) text: A game of poker is in progress. Seated around the table  are the three men with Eric at the race track. With them  is an elegant man, CYRIL KINNEAR. On the sofa are GLENDA, a sexy-looking young woman, and Eric Paice. Ray bursts in. 
46) 2) text: Eric jumps up.
46) 3) dialog: Where? 
46) 5) dialog: You stupid shit! 
46) 8) text: Carter looks at Eric.
46) 103) text: Eric opens the door and follows him out.
47) 1) dialog: Jack! I didn't like that.
47) 3) dialog: Cyril didn't like it, either.
47) 5) dialog: He's thinking Sid and Gerald won't  like it much when they hear you've  been sticking your nose in.
47) 8) text: Carter leaves. Eric signals Ray to follow him.
106) 0) text: The Sunbeam waits in the car park. Eric, Con and Peter  arrive in the Land Rover and park behind it. They go down the gangplank to the floating jetty. A ferry is chugging  across the water.
108) 0) text: As the ferry comes alongside, Eric, Con and Peter move up to the rail. The passengers disembark, leaving Carter  standing alone.  He's holding Con's handgun. Eric, Con and Peter hack slowly away to the steel shelter Peter, impatient as ever, pulls a sawn-off automatic shoo from under his coat, cocks it and fires. Too late. Carter is already safely behind the ferry's superstructure. Eric shouts.
108) 1) dialog: No shooters. Cyril said no shooters,  you stupid bastard.
108) 7) text: Eric laughs.
108) 8) dialog: You're finished, Jack. You know  that, don't you? I've bloody  finished you.
108) 10) text: Eric laughs.
108) 11) dialog: Oh, you've still got your sense of  humour?  Tell him how I've fixed  him, Con.
108) 13) dialog: Didn't believe us at first, did  he, Con? Then Peter talked to him.
108) 15) dialog: He's probably talking to her right  now. Are you still going to fancy  her when Gerald's finished with  her face?
108) 20) text: There's a long pause while Carter looks at him, then he  cold-bloodedly shoots. Peter is blown away. By the time h hits the deck, he's dead.   Con and Eric panic. They run up the gangplank, safely out of range.
108) 21) dialog: Carter, your car needs a wash.
108) 22) text: Eric signals to the driver in the Land Rover to bump the  Sunbeam into the water. Two hits and the task is done.   Glenda's screams are lost as the river wraps itself aroun the sinking car. Carter watches impassively.
119) 0) text: There's a big party going on. The music is loud. It's mai rich-looking middle-aged men and young dolly birds.  Different things are obviously going on in different room in the house. Dancing in one room, blue movies in another etc. Kinnear flits from one to another. Eric Paice is on  the phone. He puts the receiver down and crosses to Kinne
119) 1) dialog: Gerald Fletcher wants a word with  you Cyril.
123) 0) text: Kinnear is still listening to Carter. He looks over at  Eric, who's fixing a drink.
125) 0) text: The noise of the wild party is heard off. Eric comes into the room.
125) 1) dialog: You want something, Cyril?
131) 0) text: Eric comes out of the front door. Inside the party is sti in progress. He gets into a Cadillac and drives off.
137) 0) text: Carter parks his car and picks up the shotgun and a bottl of Scotch off the back seat. He get out and walks over to the jetty and along a lower gangway. At the far end, a ma is standing. It's Eric Paice. Eric turns around abruptly. He sees Carter and disappears up the nearest stairway.  Carter follows. At the top he stops to listen, but can see and hear only  the harbour waters lapping below. Carter looks back to the coal jetty, just in time to see  Eric scamper down to the level below. Eric sprints for th roadway. Carter waits and then starts running directly  above him. Eric keeps running. Carter stays always overhead. He's  playing cat and mouse with Eric.
137) 2) dialog: (wheezing) Sod off.
137) 3) text: Paice darts down another staircase to ground level and  makes for the roadway. Carter stops above the roadway.  Below, Paice makes for the parked car. Carter holds the  gun up. Eric stops and looks up.
137) 5) text: Eric darts under the jetty. Carter runs on down the steps He can see Eric scampering along the row of cottages towa the beach. Carter starts after him.
138) 0) text: Eric runs out on to the beach. The only sounds are his  feet pounding the pebbles and his hurtful panting. In the distance, factory chimneys belch out smoke.  Carte appears. For a moment he watches Eric stumbling along at  the far end of the beach. He climbs down to the beach and starts running.
139) 0) text: Carter is gaining on Eric rapidly. Eric looks round and  panics. He stumbles and falls over. He gets to his feet quickly and disappears round the  headland. Carter follows.
140) 0) text: On the other side of the headland, the scene is  extraordinary. The deserted beach is like the edge of the world. The sand is black as far as the eye can see. It's  littered with rubbish. Several old lorries are sunk deep  in the sand. High, grass-covered cliffs flank it on the  left. It's deserted. In the distance, a continuous line of giant black buckets move, like cable-cars, out to sea, before they deposit  their load of coal slag and move inland again. The coal  mine itself is inland, hidden away behind the cliffs. The sea, like the sand, is black as it crashes on to the shor Eric is half-way along the beach, struggling in the mud.  Carter closes on him.
141) 0) text: Eric nears the line of buckets and cuts inland towards th mine.  Carter has nearly caught up. The buckets grind and crash as they move along the cable. Eric scrambles up the narrow valley down which the coal  slag travels. He is panting horribly. Carter is close on  his heels.  Near the top, where the buckets are practical at ground level, Eric stumbles and falls. He is too  exhausted to get up. Carter stands over him.
141) 2) text: Eric just manages it. Carter pulls the bottle of Scotch  out of his pocket.
141) 4) text: He throws the bottle to Eric.
141) 6) dialog: Still got your sense of humour.
141) 7) text: Eric takes the cap off and looks at Carter. He's in a  terrible state.
141) 9) text: Eric pours the whisky into his month. It spills over and  runs down his face.
141) 11) text: Eric begins to stagger about.
141) 13) text: Eric takes a breather and looks pathetically at Carter. N mercy there.
141) 17) text: Eric is choking.
141) 19) text: Carter leans forward and with his free hand lifts the bot up to Eric's mouth again. In the other, he holds the  shotgun.  Eric chokes and retches. Carter has seen enough
141) 21) text: Carter raises the butt of the gun and brings it down on  Eric's head.
142) 0) text: Eric's body, loaded on to a a coal bucket, moves off on  it's final journey. Carter, laughing, walks beside it, gu riding on his shoulder. The bucket shudders and grinds as it moves along the cable. Eric's body moves of on its fin journey. It reaches the end of the line, where an automat catch tilts it. Eric's body drops into the sea. The coal  slag follows in a cloud of black dust. The waves pass ove and everything is gone. Carter stands for a moment, turns and walks back along th beach. He stops, looks at the shotgun, and decides to get rid of it.
143) 0) text: Below, Carter moves slowly by the edge of the sea. He rai the shotgun to throw it away. High on the clifftop a rifl and telescopic lens line up on Carter. A finger curls aro the trigger. On the middle finger of the same hand is a  large gold ring with the letter 'J' engraved upon it. It  is the man Kinnear contacted after sending Eric to his  death.  The finger tightens on the trigger and pulls it. There's quiet, whooshing sound. Carter drops to the ground.