23) 0) text: The hearse is parked outside the row of terraced houses. youthful UNDERTAKER is minding it. He turns and looks  through the back window as a young girl walks up the stre DOREEN CARTER is sixteen and, like most girls of her age, tries to look older. She wears all the right gear but it' cheap and doesn't fit properly. Her long hair is lank.   There's something sad and embarrassing about her appearan The young undertaker watches as she enters Frank's house.
50) 0) text: On the corner is a neon-lit snack bar. Doreen and another young girl are sitting inside sucking milk shakes. Somewh a drunk is singing. His voice echoes up the alley. Carter draws alongside and notices Doreen. He stops and  watches her. She hasn't seen him so he goes to the window and knocks on it. She looks up and he beckons her outside Reluctantly, she comes.
64) 0) text: The dance floor is full, mainly with miniskirted girls,  their handbags at their feet. A rock band play mechanical music to match the dancing. Thorpe vanishes into the crowd circling the floor. Carter arrives. He scans the place, then sees Thorpe as he  disappears down into the gents' lavatory.
72) 0) text: It's Sunday morning. A girls' marching band rehearses on  the wasteground in front of the terraced houses. The Pela Hussars march back and forth carrying their proud banner, led by the drum majorette.
95) 25) text: Glenda leaves for the bathroom. Carter, curious, looks at the film projector. It's loaded. He switches it on. A bea of light hits the opposite wall. He settles down to watch the film. The leader flashes by, then a title being chalk on a school blackboard 'The Teacher's Pet'.  A zoom back  reveals Glenda, bare-breasted, holding the chalk. This is followed by a long shot of a young girl, dressed in schoo uniform, waiting at a bus stop. A car approaches and stop A woman driver offers the girl a lift. The woman is  Margaret. The identity of the girl not revealed.
97) 0) text: Carter is sitting up on the mattress, amused by the soft  porn unfolding on the white wall in front of him. The schoolgirl accepts the lift and the car drives off.  The door to an anonymous apartment opens and Margaret com in with the girl. Her school hat still hides her identity Glenda is there to greet them. The girl is very awkward. Glenda tries to make her relax, sitting her down and showing her a magazine. Glenda brings her into a bedroom. She takes her own top  off and goes to do the same with the girl. She takes her  hat off. A close-up shows that it is Doreen. Carter tenses but never flinches from what's happening in the film.  Margaret comes into the bedroom and feigns sho at what she sees. She slaps Glenda and they start fightin eventually rolling off the bed. The apartment door opens and a man smoking a big cigar  comes in. Carter sits up. It's Albert Swift. Albert opens another door, looking for someone. He leaves Another door opens and he's in the bedroom. He sees the  two women fighting on the floor, but on the bed is his  prize Doreen.  Carter watches. Doreen bites her nails and looks terrified. Reflected in  the mirror behind Carter is the image of Albert taking of his trousers. The reel runs out and flaps like a fish.  Carter doesn't move. Tears form in his eyes. He looks old and defeated. His is a wasted life. Then the anger that  drives him explodes again and he throws back the bedcloth
101) 0) text: A girl with a baby in a pram is having a cup of tea. The  door slams open. There's Carter.
101) 2) text: The girl is numb with fear, unable to answer. Carter grab her by the throat.
101) 4) text: The girl is frozen with terror. He lets go as suddenly as he grabbed her.
102) 0) text: Carter walks fast. There's the sound of a phone being  dialled. It's the GIRL in the cafe.
102) 1) dialog: Eric, he's come for Albert, (pause) I don't know, (pause) On the ferry,  I reckon.