1) 0) text: Framed in the large picture window stands JACK CARTER,  alone, looking out at the night. He turns away as the hea satin curtains close, wiping him from view.
2) 0) text: A blinding beam of light cuts across the room. One  pornographic slide after another hits the screen at the  opposite end of the room. They show a dowdy group in some anonymous bedroom, frozen in various stages of a sexual  orgy.  GERALD FLETCHER is slumped on a sofa. His young wife, ANN is curled up beside him.  SID FLETCHER, operating the projector's remote-control,  has the same flaccid appearance as his twin brother.  Jack Carter, drink in hand, watches from an armchair.  Clunk. Another slide hits the screen. Gerald is getting  turned on. He runs his hand along his wife's stockinged  leg. Anna shudders momentarily. She obviously finds his  touch repulsive. Carter watches Gerald's hand.
2) 11) text: Jack and Anna look at each other momentarily. There is  definitely something between them. 
2) 12) dialog: No.  
2) 23) dialog: To find out what happened.  
2) 26) dialog: Too bad. 
2) 30) dialog: Since when was that good enough?  
2) 33) dialog: I will.
4) 0) text: The compartment is full. Jack Carter sits in one corner,  reading a Raymond Chandler paperback, Farewell My Lovely.
17) 0) text: An unmade bed with pyjamas on it, a beaten-up wardrobe, a dressing table and chair are about it. Carter hears a  vehicle stopping on the street below. He eases back the  ancient net curtain. Two men in a Land Rover are looking  up. They see him and quickly drive off. Carter looks around the room. On top of the wardrobe ther an old shotgun. He reaches up and brings it down. Memorie flood back. He reaches up again and finds a box of  cartridges. More memories, jack and Frank grew up here. H leaves the gun on the bed and returns to the landing.
79) 0) text: Carter watches from the window as he pulls on his jacket. The gun lies across the armchair. Outside, he can see Pet and Con talking by the Jaguar. Con exits. Edna, now in her dressing gown, enters.