32) 0) text: MARGARET is thirtyish, blonde, attractive in a tarty kind of way.  Her heels are too high and she is wearing a chea pair of sunglasses. She walks quickly away, down the  cloisters, past the memorial tablets and urns.   Carter comes out of the chapel and sees her.
32) 2) text: Margaret stops and looks round. Carter joins her.  I thou you weren't coming.
32) 3) dialog: Changed me mind.
32) 4) text: They face each other in silence. Margaret looks past Cart and sees Doreen watching them at the end of the cloisters She turns away and starts walking slowly. Carter moves  with her.  Margaret continues nervously.
32) 5) dialog: Everyhing go off all right? 
32) 7) dialog: What about?
32) 9) text: Margaret stops in her tracks and looks back at Doreen.  She's still watching them.
32) 10) dialog: (adamantly) She's nothing to do with me. 
32) 12) dialog: (shaking her head) No. No. It's not like that. I've  got a husband, you know.
32) 13) text: Margaret starts walking again, fast.   Carter catches hold of her arm and stops her.
32) 15) dialog: (nervously) Killed?  I don't know anything  about it.
32) 18) dialog: I must go. I'm in a hurry.
32) 20) dialog: I can't.
32) 22) text: Margaret dithers.
32) 23) dialog: Well, all right then. Twelve o'clock  on the Iron Bridge.
32) 24) text: Margaret walks off as calmly as she can, her high heels  clicking as she goes. Carter watches her disappear. Doree watches too.
88) 0) text: The bridge is a, massive structure. The traffic lanes are flanked each side by pedestrian walkways. It is here that Carter and Margaret have arranged to meet.
88) 2) dialog: He was all right to me.
88) 4) dialog: Nicer than most.
88) 6) dialog: Yes.
88) 8) dialog: Yes. I can't help the way I am.
88) 10) dialog: Once a week?  
88) 12) dialog: He was gentlemanly. I like that.
88) 14) dialog: (angrily) Look, I'm me, right. You're not.  We are what we are, like it or  not. (She turns and walks  slowly along the  bridge.) Why all the bloody needle?  
88) 16) dialog: He wanted me to leave Dave and  marry him. Last Friday I told him  it wouldn't work. Dave would have  killed us both! (pause) He followed me home and kicked up  a stink in the street, (pause) I had to tell Frank I couldn't see  him any more. It was getting too  dodgy. That was on Sunday. (She stops and looks  over the bridge.) He said he'd kill himself. I was  frightened what you might do.
88) 17) text: They look at each other for a moment. Carter shakes his  head. He gently takes the sunglasses from Margaret's face and folds them up.
88) 19) dialog: It's the truth.
88) 21) dialog: It is. Honestly.
88) 23) dialog: I don't know nothing.
88) 28) text: Carter swings round to see them, then swings angrily back to Margaret.
88) 30) text: He smacks her hard across the face. Margaret cries out.  The car draws alongside. A steel mesh separates the  pedestrian way from the traffic, so the two men can't get to Carter until he reaches the end of the bridge. Con lea out, his usual cheery self.
95) 25) text: Glenda leaves for the bathroom. Carter, curious, looks at the film projector. It's loaded. He switches it on. A bea of light hits the opposite wall. He settles down to watch the film. The leader flashes by, then a title being chalk on a school blackboard 'The Teacher's Pet'.  A zoom back  reveals Glenda, bare-breasted, holding the chalk. This is followed by a long shot of a young girl, dressed in schoo uniform, waiting at a bus stop. A car approaches and stop A woman driver offers the girl a lift. The woman is  Margaret. The identity of the girl not revealed.
97) 0) text: Carter is sitting up on the mattress, amused by the soft  porn unfolding on the white wall in front of him. The schoolgirl accepts the lift and the car drives off.  The door to an anonymous apartment opens and Margaret com in with the girl. Her school hat still hides her identity Glenda is there to greet them. The girl is very awkward. Glenda tries to make her relax, sitting her down and showing her a magazine. Glenda brings her into a bedroom. She takes her own top  off and goes to do the same with the girl. She takes her  hat off. A close-up shows that it is Doreen. Carter tenses but never flinches from what's happening in the film.  Margaret comes into the bedroom and feigns sho at what she sees. She slaps Glenda and they start fightin eventually rolling off the bed. The apartment door opens and a man smoking a big cigar  comes in. Carter sits up. It's Albert Swift. Albert opens another door, looking for someone. He leaves Another door opens and he's in the bedroom. He sees the  two women fighting on the floor, but on the bed is his  prize Doreen.  Carter watches. Doreen bites her nails and looks terrified. Reflected in  the mirror behind Carter is the image of Albert taking of his trousers. The reel runs out and flaps like a fish.  Carter doesn't move. Tears form in his eyes. He looks old and defeated. His is a wasted life. Then the anger that  drives him explodes again and he throws back the bedcloth
115) 0) text: The hall is crowded. The compere calls the numbers. The  atmosphere is tense as the audience look at their cards.  Someone calls, 'Bingo.' A buzz goes round the hall as  everybody starts talking again. Carter enters, surveying the audience. Eventually, his  eyes alight on the person he's been looking for Margaret. She's involved with a woman friend and doesn't see him.  The next game starts up.
116) 0) text: Crowds of people come pouring out. It's the end of the  evening's entertainment. Margaret walks out with her frie Carter follows them and turns up a side street.
117) 0) text: The place is deserted. Margaret and her friend descend th steps. The clop of their high heels is the only sound.  Carter follows discreetly. At the bottom, Margaret and he friend chat for a moment and part. Carter follows Margaret.
118) 0) text: The clop of Margaret's shoes is heard in the distance. Sh appears. Carter is following behind. He slips into anothe dark alley to get ahead of her. As she reaches her home  Carter's arm shoots out from behind a pillar. It's holdin Con's handgun.
120) 0) text: Carter stands in the dimly lit kiosk with Margaret. The  hire car is parked alongside.
124) 2) text: Carter hangs up. He pushes Margaret towards the car.
127) 0) text: Carter stops in a clearing and leaves his headlights on.  He turns to Margaret.
127) 2) text: Carter and Margaret get out. They appear in the beam of  the headlights and move further into the wood.
128) 0) text: Carter and Margaret stop.
128) 2) text: Margaret is confused.  Take your clothes off.  Margaret  does just that: coat, blouse, skin. She goes to remove he knickers.
128) 4) text: Again she obeys. He kneels on her, pinning her arms with his knees, then  stuffs a gag in her mouth. He takes out the hypodermic, places it against her arm,  and injects the heroin into her. She struggles, her eyes  moving frantically about. She screams, but its muffled by the gag.  Carter holds her down and she quickly goes unde Carter removes the gag. He stands, picks her up and walks into the darkness with Margaret in his arms.
134) 0) text: The police move through the house and grounds. In the  bedrooms they find groups of people in bed together. The  men in particular protest and are obviously concerned abo being identified. The police find evidence of drugs,  pornography and so on. Outside, police are combing the grounds. In the long gras leading down to the lake they find women's clothes. They  follow the trail until they discover a woman floating nak face downwards, in the lake. A policeman with waders goes in and pulls her to the side. As others heave her out, we see that it's Margaret.