46) 22) text: One of the three men sitting around the table with Kinnea gets impatient. PETER, LES AND HARRY are well-heeled, mid aged, northern businessmen.
76) 0) text: As the band executes another movement, a red Jaguar slide to a halt outside Edna's house. Two men get out. PETER th Dutchman and CON MCCARTY are definitely not local lads.  They look, and are, lethal. They try Edna's front door. I opens.
77) 6) text: Carter is off the bed, and Edna, in a flash. Edna screams and tries to stop the bedclothes following Carter on to  the floor. Peter and Con stand beside the bed smiling.  Peter is a queer and dressed fancy in a leather coat, wid bottomed trousers and a loud silk scarf. His hair is  bleached blond. Con is more traditional, more butch. He's in a camelhair overcoat, suit and tie. Both are in their  thirties.
77) 7) dialog: Don't let us interrupt you, Jack.
77) 13) dialog: We've got to take you back to  London.
77) 17) dialog: But they have to be diplomatic.
77) 23) dialog: The gun he means.
77) 26) text: Peter and Con back down the stairs. Peter looks up at  Carter's cock.
77) 27) dialog: If Anna could see you now.
78) 2) text: Peter follows.
78) 3) dialog: I hope she's got understanding  neighbours.
78) 6) text: The old woman next door chooses that moment to come out  for her milk. As she straightens up, she sees Carter. The bottle flies from her hand and smashes on her doorstep.  Carter, never taking his eyes off Peter and Con, slowly  backs into the house.
83) 0) text: Carter's car screeches as it corners from the alley on to the road. Peter is leaning against the open door of the  Jaguar. When he sees Carter coming straight at him, he  scarpers for the pavement.  Carter hits the Jaguar's door at speed, tearing it off. It flies up and crashes on to  the tarmac as Carter careers over the wasteground. Soon h is out of sight. Con comes running. Peter is looking at the damage.
83) 1) dialog: Where were you, then?  
88) 26) text: Behind Carter Peter's Jaguar comes slowly along the bridg It stops. The passenger side is a gaping hole.
88) 34) dialog: (shouts above the  revs) Come on, get in.
89) 0) text: Carter arrives at the top of some narrow, steep, overgrow steps leading down to the river road, where his car is  parked. He leaps down the steps as the Jaguar screeches t a halt at the top. Con leaps out of the Jaguar and gives  chase. Peter backs the Jaguar and roars off.
90) 0) text: Carter comes running down the steps with Con not far behi He arrives at the river road. In the distance, he can see his parked car.    As he nears the car park, Peter's Jaguar comes down the  hill. It's going to cut Carter off from his car. A Sunbeam Alpine sports car waits there. Its engine roars into life and it races out of the car park. It reaches hi just before the Jaguar and slows down.
90) 2) text: Carter sees that the driver is GLENDA. The hood is down,  so he vaults into the car as it accelerates off. The Sunbeam swings round, narrowly missing the oncoming  Jaguar, and roars away. Peter hasn't a chance. He's facin the wrong way and has little room to manoeuvre. Glenda laughs as the car swings wildly around a corner at the top of the hill.
106) 0) text: The Sunbeam waits in the car park. Eric, Con and Peter  arrive in the Land Rover and park behind it. They go down the gangplank to the floating jetty. A ferry is chugging  across the water.
108) 0) text: As the ferry comes alongside, Eric, Con and Peter move up to the rail. The passengers disembark, leaving Carter  standing alone.  He's holding Con's handgun. Eric, Con and Peter hack slowly away to the steel shelter Peter, impatient as ever, pulls a sawn-off automatic shoo from under his coat, cocks it and fires. Too late. Carter is already safely behind the ferry's superstructure. Eric shouts.
108) 2) dialog: Get stuffed.  He's reloading.
108) 4) dialog: Shut up.
108) 14) dialog: Didn't even say goodbye. Just asked  us to take you back - alive.
108) 16) text: Carter shows no emotion. Or are his eyes just that bit  sadder?  Peter lets rip again. Another window is shattere Carter ducks back, allowing Peter time to board the ferry Carter catches a glimpse of Peter as he climbs up the  ferry's superstructure to the roof. By the time he heaves himself into position, Carter is waiting.
108) 18) text: Peter is helpless, clinging to the roof, unable to even  raise his shooter.
108) 19) dialog: (screaming) Don't.
108) 20) text: There's a long pause while Carter looks at him, then he  cold-bloodedly shoots. Peter is blown away. By the time h hits the deck, he's dead.   Con and Eric panic. They run up the gangplank, safely out of range.