2) 0) text: A blinding beam of light cuts across the room. One  pornographic slide after another hits the screen at the  opposite end of the room. They show a dowdy group in some anonymous bedroom, frozen in various stages of a sexual  orgy.  GERALD FLETCHER is slumped on a sofa. His young wife, ANN is curled up beside him.  SID FLETCHER, operating the projector's remote-control,  has the same flaccid appearance as his twin brother.  Jack Carter, drink in hand, watches from an armchair.  Clunk. Another slide hits the screen. Gerald is getting  turned on. He runs his hand along his wife's stockinged  leg. Anna shudders momentarily. She obviously finds his  touch repulsive. Carter watches Gerald's hand.
2) 2) dialog: (thoughtfully) They do that up North.
2) 5) dialog: Ask me?
2) 8) dialog: Must be a bloody contortionist
2) 15) dialog: Knock it off, Gerald.
2) 21) text: Sid laughs raucously.  Clunk. The slide changes.
2) 29) dialog: The law was satisfied. 
7) 0) text: A massive iron bridge crossing a river whips past. Its  mesh sides create an almost hypnotic effect.
15) 0) text: A key hanging inside the letter box starts to move upward and out through the flap. A moment later, the door opens. Carter is standing at the bottom of a flight of stairs in a worker's terraced house. He closes the door and climbs  the stairs.
23) 0) text: The hearse is parked outside the row of terraced houses. youthful UNDERTAKER is minding it. He turns and looks  through the back window as a young girl walks up the stre DOREEN CARTER is sixteen and, like most girls of her age, tries to look older. She wears all the right gear but it' cheap and doesn't fit properly. Her long hair is lank.   There's something sad and embarrassing about her appearan The young undertaker watches as she enters Frank's house.
27) 0) text: The undertakers struggle with the coffin down the narrow  staircase into the street. Outside Carter and Doreen wait with two men. EDDIE APPLEYARD, a middle-aged man, is wear a shabby tweed suit, cap and black tie. KEITH LACEY is a  young barman who worked with Frank.
29) 0) text: As the cortege drives into the crematorium, it passes the Land Rover parked outside. The same two men who passed  Frank's house are in it. A long and expensive-looking  funeral cortege passes out as they move up the driveway.
33) 0) text: Frank's coffin is slid inside the furnace. Flames start t lick it as the steel trap closes.
39) 0) text: Carter stands alone, casting an eye over the punters. His eyes rest on someone the other side of the saddling ring  ERIC PAICE.  Dressed in a grey chauffeur's uniform, cap,  dark glasses and gloves, he is standing close to three  well-heeled-looking men with binoculars and shooting stic Horses for the next race are being led around the enclosu Carter approaches from behind. He looks at Eric closely  before speaking.
44) 0) text: Carter comes through a wooded area. He pauses by a lake,  now overgrown with weeds. A big man stands tossing stones into the water. Carter silently picks up a dead branch  then runs at the man. Carter whacks him on the head and h collapses unconscious into the lake. Carter moves on towa the house. MARTY and RAY the two men previously seen in  the Land Rover, are playing with an Alsatian on the spaci lawn fronting the house. It's a Victorian building  surrounded by acres of woodland. Carter breaks from the trees and darts for the side door. One of the men notices and shouts after him.
45) 0) text: Carter runs into the house and slips into a small service room. Ray and then Marty charge inside but miss seeing  Carter.
46) 13) text: Ray closes the door behind him. Glenda brings Carter his Scotch. He looks at her as she  sits beside him.
48) 0) text: Huge metal claw catches hold of an old car and lifts it  like it was a toy. The yard is beside the River Tyne. In  the distance a train crosses the Iron Bridge. Carter is examining a beaten-up Hillman when the yard own BILLY LAWS, approaches.
50) 0) text: On the corner is a neon-lit snack bar. Doreen and another young girl are sitting inside sucking milk shakes. Somewh a drunk is singing. His voice echoes up the alley. Carter draws alongside and notices Doreen. He stops and  watches her. She hasn't seen him so he goes to the window and knocks on it. She looks up and he beckons her outside Reluctantly, she comes.
58) 0) text: Anna's hands cover her breasts. Her head moves slowly fro side to side, eyes closed.
60) 0) text: Anna's hand caresses the inside of her leg. Her head roll from side to side slowly. She's breathing heavily. CROSS-CUT between Edna's head rocking backwards and forwa and Anna's head moving from side to side.
63) 0) text: Carter opens the door. Keith is outside. He's sweating.  His tie is somewhere round the back of his neck and his  suit is covered with dirt.
63) 4) text: Carter pulls Keith inside and turns out the light.  A Ford Zodiac comes along the road. It stops. Four faces  peer into the darkness where they're standing. Nobody get out. The back window winds down. Thorpe's nervous voice  floats out.
63) 18) text: One of the men inside mutters.
63) 25) text: Thorpe turns into the main road. He makes for the dance  hall and disappears inside. Carter follows.
68) 39) text: It's a large, new, ranch-style house, set back from the  road. The front garden is a landscape gardener's nightmar with its phoney brick and wrought-iron wishing well,  porcelain dwarfs, lily pond, the lot. Fairy lights hang  over everything. There's a party going on. Lights are on in every room and the rock music is loud. The drive is lined with sports  cars. Carter parks and gets out. Out of a side door a young man stumbles towards the lily  pond.  There, he promptly throws up. Carter watches from behind a tree. His attention shifts to the white Bentley turning into th drive. It brakes sharply and the driver jumps out. CLIFF BRUMBY has been to a police ball. He is impeccably  dressed in tuxedo and white scarf. Now he's hopping mad.
68) 52) text: The rest is lost as he disappears inside. He then powers  out through the side door
68) 54) text: He aims a kick at the young man's backside, sending him  face-down into the lily pond. Mrs Brumby gets out of the car and hovers for a moment. A she approaches the house, people pour out. Brumby appears at the door with a boy pulling up his trousers.
68) 60) text: Carter pauses outside the front door and listens to the  row going on upstairs. He opens the door and goes in.
76) 0) text: As the band executes another movement, a red Jaguar slide to a halt outside Edna's house. Two men get out. PETER th Dutchman and CON MCCARTY are definitely not local lads.  They look, and are, lethal. They try Edna's front door. I opens.
77) 4) text: Edna laughs. They start to make love. Gently. Below the  undulating bedsprings rests a large chamberpot and, besid it, Carter's shotgun. Beyond is the bedroom door. It open slowly and the two men enter. Only their legs are visible
77) 6) text: Carter is off the bed, and Edna, in a flash. Edna screams and tries to stop the bedclothes following Carter on to  the floor. Peter and Con stand beside the bed smiling.  Peter is a queer and dressed fancy in a leather coat, wid bottomed trousers and a loud silk scarf. His hair is  bleached blond. Con is more traditional, more butch. He's in a camelhair overcoat, suit and tie. Both are in their  thirties.
79) 0) text: Carter watches from the window as he pulls on his jacket. The gun lies across the armchair. Outside, he can see Pet and Con talking by the Jaguar. Con exits. Edna, now in her dressing gown, enters.
84) 0) text: Carter pulls up outside a house and gets out. He takes th washing off the car's bonnet, and throws it into a neglec garden.
87) 0) text: A wide road runs alongside the Tyne. It passes below the  vast steel bridges that link the two parts of the city. A carpark lies at the foot of the 'Iron Bridge'. Carter pul up and parks. He gets out and moves quickly.
88) 0) text: The bridge is a, massive structure. The traffic lanes are flanked each side by pedestrian walkways. It is here that Carter and Margaret have arranged to meet.
88) 26) text: Behind Carter Peter's Jaguar comes slowly along the bridg It stops. The passenger side is a gaping hole.
88) 30) text: He smacks her hard across the face. Margaret cries out.  The car draws alongside. A steel mesh separates the  pedestrian way from the traffic, so the two men can't get to Carter until he reaches the end of the bridge. Con lea out, his usual cheery self.
108) 0) text: As the ferry comes alongside, Eric, Con and Peter move up to the rail. The passengers disembark, leaving Carter  standing alone.  He's holding Con's handgun. Eric, Con and Peter hack slowly away to the steel shelter Peter, impatient as ever, pulls a sawn-off automatic shoo from under his coat, cocks it and fires. Too late. Carter is already safely behind the ferry's superstructure. Eric shouts.
114) 0) text: The huge steel superstructure pivots on a large man-made  island in the middle of the river. On top is a structure not unlike a small lighthouse, from which a man operates the bridge. Carter climbs the outsid ladder. A man waits for him at the top. The man hands him a small cloth package. Carter opens it. Inside is heroin and a hypodermic. He wraps it up again  and hands over an envelope. The man checks the money as  Carter disappears down the outside ladder.
116) 0) text: Crowds of people come pouring out. It's the end of the  evening's entertainment. Margaret walks out with her frie Carter follows them and turns up a side street.
120) 0) text: Carter stands in the dimly lit kiosk with Margaret. The  hire car is parked alongside.
130) 0) text: A bedside light is on. A man in bed is listening on the  phone.
130) 2) text: He taps his cigarette against the ashtray. On his middle  finger is a large ring with the initial 'J' on it. He  listens until the line goes dead. The woman beside him stirs. He stubs out the cigarette an switches off the light. Darkness.
131) 0) text: Eric comes out of the front door. Inside the party is sti in progress. He gets into a Cadillac and drives off.
134) 0) text: The police move through the house and grounds. In the  bedrooms they find groups of people in bed together. The  men in particular protest and are obviously concerned abo being identified. The police find evidence of drugs,  pornography and so on. Outside, police are combing the grounds. In the long gras leading down to the lake they find women's clothes. They  follow the trail until they discover a woman floating nak face downwards, in the lake. A policeman with waders goes in and pulls her to the side. As others heave her out, we see that it's Margaret.
135) 0) text: The house is surrounded by police measuring and  photographing, and outside the house are police cars and  ambulances.  The lawn is crowded with the party crowd. In the early-morning light, they look like dolls. Kinnear comes out of the front door with two plain-clothe officers and gets in a police car. Sirens going, it comes down the short drive to the gate.
140) 0) text: On the other side of the headland, the scene is  extraordinary. The deserted beach is like the edge of the world. The sand is black as far as the eye can see. It's  littered with rubbish. Several old lorries are sunk deep  in the sand. High, grass-covered cliffs flank it on the  left. It's deserted. In the distance, a continuous line of giant black buckets move, like cable-cars, out to sea, before they deposit  their load of coal slag and move inland again. The coal  mine itself is inland, hidden away behind the cliffs. The sea, like the sand, is black as it crashes on to the shor Eric is half-way along the beach, struggling in the mud.  Carter closes on him.
142) 0) text: Eric's body, loaded on to a a coal bucket, moves off on  it's final journey. Carter, laughing, walks beside it, gu riding on his shoulder. The bucket shudders and grinds as it moves along the cable. Eric's body moves of on its fin journey. It reaches the end of the line, where an automat catch tilts it. Eric's body drops into the sea. The coal  slag follows in a cloud of black dust. The waves pass ove and everything is gone. Carter stands for a moment, turns and walks back along th beach. He stops, looks at the shotgun, and decides to get rid of it.