2) 52) dialog: If you remembered to put the cinder blocks on those bins like I told you, we wouldn’t have this mess.
2) 54) dialog: Yeah, nice try. Camcorder’s off- limits. It’s --
2) 56) dialog: Just make sure this patio’s clean before you go anywhere, capiche?
7) 7) dialog: Unbelievable. Cold War's never gonna end. Davey, your future’s doomed. Sheila hands a thick folder off the end table to Randall.
7) 9) dialog: Ah, great. Must be the fliers for the block party. Randall opens it.
7) 10) dialog: Yup. They got a Beatles cover band to play this year. Pretty neato.
7) 12) dialog: Probably not in the cards, what with her parents getting a divorce. 16. Davey blanches as his heart drops.
7) 15) dialog: Bob Burnquist bowls with Mike Kaszuba. Said it’s pretty ugly. Supposedly, Mike’s not even living in the house right now.
7) 17) dialog: That’s why they invented curtains, hon.
7) 20) dialog: That’s kinda the point, pal. Say goodbye to summer fun with a bang. INT. DAVEY’S HOUSE - DAVEY’S ROOM - A SHORT TIME LATER Mind still on Nikki, Davey grabs his binoculars. Goes to side window and cautiously looks out at -- BINOCULARS POV: Nikki’s bedroom window. The lights are on but no one’s there. Davey focuses in on a FRAMED PHOTO on bedside table. It’s of Nikki and her MOM and DAD. Davey lowers the binoculars, saddened as -- BRRRING! The HOUSE PHONE RINGS. Davey hurries into the -- HALLWAY. Grabs the phone off the wall. Before he can answ he hears VOICES ON THE LINE. He’s about to hang up when - 17.
7) 21) dialog: Wanna tell me what’s so urgent I can’t just come in tomorrow? The UNKNOWN CALLER SIGHS, unsure how to say that --
17) 51) dialog: Jesus, Davey. The bathroom at least has a lock. They retreat from his bedroom, shut the door --
17) 53) dialog: Davey, I think it’s time you and I had a little talk. When you're done. 41. Off Davey’s mortified face we --
22) 26) dialog: Still can't believe this. Ya know they canceled block party, too? It's never been canceled before. What the hell is happening to this town? 47.
22) 28) dialog: Hey, clean your room while you’re up there...! Ya hear me...? INT. DAVEY’S HOUSE - DAVEY’S ROOM - CONTINUOUS Davey shuts the door, grabs his binoculars and peers out picture window -- BINOCULARS POV: In Mackey’s driveway, the brakelights of Mackey’s Wagoneer cast a creepy red glow over his yard. Davey quickly scans the back of the Wagoneer where the ba of soil should be... BUT THEY’RE NOT THERE.
31) 35) dialog: Mackey’s a cop for Chrissakes! He’s also been our neighbor since before you were born --
31) 37) dialog: Regardless, a milk carton, a tee shirt and a storage unit don’t prove a goddamn thing!
31) 46) dialog: You dug up his -- Goddammit, Davey! Randall can’t sit anymore. He gets up and paces. Nervous.
31) 47) dialog: You are in deep, deep trouble! All of you! Vandalism, spying, stealing -- This is unacceptable!
31) 49) dialog: Worry about yourselves! We’re going over there right now and you’re going to apologize for all of this. Randall grabs the milk carton. Rams it against Davey’s ch
31) 50) dialog: I’m putting an end to this nonsense right now. You better hope he doesn’t press charges.
32) 0) text: Randall marches across the cul-de-sac, the boys following like dead men walking. WHISPERING to each other.
32) 6) dialog: Hey, Wayne -- Uh, listen, the boys have something they need to tell you, and I wanna apologize in advance. Just know that Sheila and I are as outraged as you're about to be...
32) 11) dialog: And...? Come on, out with it. Davey looks to his buddies for support, but their looks suggest he’s on his own. You got us into this...
32) 17) dialog: David!?
32) 19) dialog: Wayne, I’m so sorry. You don’t need to respond to that --
32) 21) dialog: No, no. That’s not necessary. We just wanted you to know what happened and that the guys promise to fix anything they damaged, no matter how long it takes. Right?
32) 25) dialog: You're a better man than me, Wayne. 74. Randall grabs Davey and pulls him away. The guys follow.. EXT. DAVEY’S HOUSE - FRONT PORCH - CONTINUOUS The guys try to avoid Randall’s seething gaze as he opens front door...
32) 26) dialog: Tell your friends goodbye, then get in your room and don’t come out. The rest of you, go home. We’1l be calling your parents. and heads inside -- WHAM! -- SLAMS the door.
33) 2) dialog: David, a punishment’s a punishment. If you really gave a damn about going to the block party, you wouldn’t have acted like a lunatic all summer --
33) 4) dialog: Not happening! End of story! Randall heads out with Sheila. Once the door is shut -- Davey’s all business. He sprints up to his room, over to picture window. WATCHES the beehive of activity as his parents join the other neighbors heading to the block par FROM HIS DRIVEWAY, Mackey pulls out in his SQUAD CAR. Giv friendly BWOOP-BWOOP and flashes the lights for the CHEER NEIGHBORS as he rides past... Davey grabs the HANDHELD CB RADIO off the shelf -- 86.
35) 0) text: Under cover of dark, Davey and Woody hurry to Randall’s N VAN. Davey opens the trunk, pulls out the BETAMAX CAMCORD
41) 8) dialog: I’m so sorry, Davey. I love you, pal. Proud of you. Real proud. Sheila reaches back, squeezes Davey’s hand as -- 99. INT. DAVEY’S HOUSE - DAVEY’S ROOM - LATER Davey’s perched atop his bed, staring out the picture win BLUE AND RED LIGHT flickering on his face from outside.
41) 12) dialog: You're safe, guys. They’ll keep an eye out, make sure nothing happens. Davey LOCKS HIS WINDOW.
41) 14) dialog: The A.P.B.’s been out for hours. Just a matter of time now. Davey climbs into bed as Woody settles in on the floor.
47) 0) text: Randall and Sheila hold Davey tight, the family all sitti on Davey’s hospital bed. CRYING together. Relieved. Broke EXT. DAVEY’S HOUSE - DAY Randall's CAR pulls into the driveway. NEWS REPORTERS and CAMERAMEN crowding the front porch rush to the car as -- Davey hobbles out, LEG IN A CAST.