7) 28) dialog: This afternoon, the Cape Ann Chronicle received an anonymous letter from someone claiming responsibility for the deaths of thirteen teenaged boys. Davey can’t believe what he’s hearing. He looks at Sheila She watches in stunned silence. 18.
7) 29) dialog: The author also provided a list of names, dates and pertinent details related to a number of open missing persons cases. We’ve confirmed the accuracy of these statements and can now officially label this person an active serial killer. ON SCREEN, the feed cuts back to the IN-STUDIO NEWS ANCHO
22) 25) dialog: The first 48 hours are vital. If anyone has any information, please call the hotline. Both on the edges of their seats, Davey watches next to h father as his WALKIE TALKIE SCREECHES TO LIFE --
32) 99) dialog: -- happy to report that we have the Cape Ann Killer in custody. A MUGSHOT of an average WHITE GUY (40s) pops onto the scr Beneath the photo: “JAMES VIGNERON - ‘THE CAPE ANN KILLER Davey’s jaw drops in disbelief as the PHONE RINGS. Sheila goes to answer it in the kitchen as Davey subtly reaches his walkie. Holds down the TRANSMIT BUTTON --
32) 101) dialog: Thanks to the fine effort of the Ipswich Police Department, we apprehended Mr. Vigneron earlier today. I’d like to bring up the arresting officer, Wayne Mackey.
40) 0) text: A handful of COPS have the same looks of horror as they w the Betamax tape in stunned silence. Standing among them, Brenda Woodworth, in her nurse’s uniform, flanked by Rand and Sheila holding her hands in support. THROUGH THE CONFERENCE ROOM WINDOWS, Davey watches Bobby Coker wrapped in a blanket, his PARENTS holding him and crying. A family reunited. Because of him. As the tape ends, Sheriff Caldwell looks at Davey and Woo across the table.
40) 1) dialog: You found all this in his house?
40) 3) dialog: Somebody get out to Mackey’s. And bring that sick son of a bitch to me. (to the parents) You folks mind sticking around to give a report? Only take a while. Randall and Sheila nod approval as the cops scatter ina rush. Before heading out, Caldwell turns back.
40) 4) dialog: You two must be proud. These boys are heroes.
41) 0) text: Stepping outside, Davey takes a deep breath of fresh, coo night air. He looks back through the glass doors to see a the parents talking with Sheriff Caldwell. From inside, Nikki sees him, breaks away from her parents jogs out to meet him.