41) 0) text: Max opens the door -- it is Honey.
42) 1) dialog: Hi guys. (sees Anna) Oh holy fuck.
42) 4) dialog: Oh God this is one of those key moments in life, when it's possible you can be really, genuinely cool -- and I'm going to fail a hundred percent.  I absolutely and totally and utterly adore you and I think you're the most beautiful woman in the world and more importantly I genuinely believe and have believed for some time now that we can be best friends.  What do you think?
42) 6) dialog: Oh my God.  You gave me a present. We're best friends already.  Marry Will -- he's a really nice guy and then we can be sisters.
45) 20) dialog: I'll show you. A moment's silence as they leave -- then in a split secon others all turn to William.
45) 27) dialog: I don't believe it.  I walked into the loo with her.  I was still talking when she started unbuttoning her jeans... She had to ask me to leave.
47) 0) text: Moving on through the evening -- they are very relaxed, a eat dinner.  A few seconds watching the evening going wel is taking this in -- real friends -- relaxed -- easy, tea And there's a cake.  Honey wears Bernie's unsuitable hat. watches William laughing at something and then putting hi in his hands with mock shame.
48) 6) dialog: Nonsense.  I fancy you.  Or I did before you got so far.
48) 8) dialog: Yes.  And I don't have hair -- I've got feathers, and I've got funny goggly eyes, and I'm attracted to cruel men and ... no one'll ever marry me because my boosies have actually started shrinking.
48) 11) dialog: That's true, I can't deny it.  She needs me, what can I say?
48) 24) dialog: Really?
49) 10) dialog: I'm so sorry about the loo thing. I meant to leave but I just... look, ring me if you need someone to go shopping with.  I know lots of nice, cheap places... not that money necessarily... (gives up) nice to meet you. And Honey gives her a huge hug.
68) 0) text: Max walks over to the table.  Honey, Bella, William and a girl.
103) 0) text: As full, sad music plays -- William begins to walk throug Notting Hill. This walk takes six months... as he walks, the seasons ac and magically change, from summer, through autumn and win back into spring... First it is summer -- summer fruits and flowers -- a six- pregnant woman -- Honey with another leather-jacket boyfr As he walks on the rain starts to fall -- he turns up his collar -- umbrellas appear.  Followed by winter coats -- chestnuts roasting -- Christmas trees on sale and the fir of snow. Then he comes to Blenheim Crescent, which is startling sn for the hundred yard, right across Ladbroke Grove. By the time he reaches the purple cafe, the snow is melti in a few yards, it is spring again.  He passes Honey agai arguing with her boyfriend, walking away tearful.  Then t past 'the pregnant woman' -- now holding her three-month The camera holds on her.
104) 0) text: A grey day in the bookshop.  Martin and William.  As ever feeling that things in there ever change. Ten seconds pass.  Honey rushes in.  Spike, still feeling disgrace, comes in with her but lingers in the doorway.
104) 1) dialog: Have we got something for you. Something which will make you love me so much you'll want to hug me every single day for the rest of my life.
104) 3) dialog: The phone number of Anna Scott's agent in London and her agent in New York. You can ring her.  You think about her all the time -- now you can ring her!
104) 5) dialog: It is great, isn't it.  See you tonight. Hey, Marty-- sexy cardy. And she rushes out.  William looks at the piece of paper, it and then places it gently in the garbage bin.
105) 11) dialog: Since it's an evening of announcements ... I've also got one, Ahm... I've decided to get engaged. Total bewilderment from the others.
105) 12) dialog: I've found myself a nice, slightly odd looking bloke who I know is going to make me happy for the rest of my life. Special cut to Bernie -- the shot shows he had special fe for Honey.
105) 15) dialog: Yes.  I will keep you informed. As she sits down, Honey leans towards Spike and whispers.
105) 16) dialog: By the way -- it's you.
105) 18) dialog: Yes.  What do you think?
106) 0) text: Two hours later.  They've had a very good time.  There's chocolate cake.  Lots of alcohol.  Tony is playing 'Blue on the piano, and Bernie joins him, singing. At one table Bella and Honey sit -- beer and wine on the
115) 2) dialog: Good move: when all is said and done, she's nothing special.  I saw her taking her pants off and I definitely glimpsed some cellulite down there.
115) 10) dialog: William has just turned down Anna Scott.
116) 4) dialog: She's not coming.
117) 4) dialog: That's right -- then Park Lane.
119) 3) dialog: You're my hero. Spike waves wildly -- he loses concentration and is very hit by a car.
121) 11) dialog: (to William) Run!
123) 26) dialog: It was good. Honey hugs him.  It's a new experience for Spike. Cut to William's face -- flash after flash -- still looki Anna.  They are both smiling.
124) 0) text: Anna and William at their wedding -- they kiss and walk i crowd. Honey, a bridesmaid in peach satin -- she is surrounded b least four other bridesmaids, all under five. Nearby, Tony standing, glowing, beside his fabulous, pyramidical wedding cake. William's mother is not quite happy with how he's looking tries to brush his hair. Max, dressed in the most devastating Bond-like white tuxe dancing with Anna -- thrilled.  He does a rather flashy l move.  Cut to Bella who is watching and laughing. Martin, in an awkward tweed suit, is jiggling to the beat song, entirely happy in the corner.