70) 0) text: Renda is buying a newspaper at the kiosk. He completes th transaction and takes a few steps with his paper. Barris blocks his way, holding a phrase book and shaking.
70) 3) dialog: No comprende. Renda tries to get away from this pesky tourist.   Barris follows him, calling after him.
71) 0) text: Renda's in the back between Barris and Benitez. Brazioni drives. Renda seems pale and nervous, as does Barris in h gaudy tourist wear and sunglasses. The car drives slowly through the crowded Mexico City streets. They arrive at a jammed intersection and are suddenly confronted with a bi parade. It's Day of the Dead; the streets are filled with dancing skeletons. It's wild and frightening. Brazioni glances at Renda in the reaview mirror.
72) 0) text: The car stops in a deserted field. Barris gets out first. His shirt is soaked through with sweat. Suddenly there's commotion inside the car. Renda has gotten hold of a gun. He shoots Brazioni and Benitez. Barris panics and dives behind the car. Renda steps cautiously outside of the car looking for Barris. Barris grabs Renda's foot. Renda fall the gun flies from his hand. Barris kicks the gun under t car, his own gun drawn. He points the gun at Renda, who i on his stomach. Barris doesn't shoot. He's scared, shakin wildly. Renda looks up at Barris, trying to figure him ou He slowly rises to his feet, turns to Barris with a plead look in his eyes.
72) 1) dialog: Por favor. No me mates, senor.   Tengo tres bebes. Barris sucks in a deep gulp of air. His hand shakes.   He pulls out Spansh-English dictionary.
72) 3) dialog: Que?
72) 5) text: Again. RENDA
72) 6) text: No me mates. Tengo tres bebes. Barris flips through the dictionary. A church bell chimes startling Barris. His gun goes off accidentally and the bullet hits Renda in the face, tearing most of it away. Renda falls, but is still alive. He screams out of where mouth was. A wedding party emerges from the distant churc
72) 10) text: Oh Christ.     Oh crap. Barris tries to stop Renda from screaming by covering the hole in Renda's face. Barris throws up, some of it landin on Renda's pants. He wipes his own mouth with his bloody hand and looks at the still screaming Renda. The churchgo are starting to squint in Barris's direction. Barris shoo Renda again. And again and again and again and again. Mor blood spatters Barris's clothing and face. The church bel continues to chime.
73) 4) text: Renda was a bad guy. He really was. BARRIS
75) 0) text: Renda's contorted face in close-up as he is shot.   Blood spurting. Echoey church bells chime. RENDA
86) 27) text: Chuck, when I said you fit our profile, very little of that had to do with you needing the money. Some of it, but very little. You liked it with Renda, Chuck. I saw it in your eyes. You liked it but you botched it. Don't you want to get really good at something, Chuck? Barris stares at Byrd.
159) 0) text: This is the same field where Renda was shot. Now, the folksinging woman is in the field singing. Barris pulls o a gun and aims it at the woman. Her eyes widen in terror, but she keeps singing. A church bell chimes and Barris shoots her. She flies back, spurting blood. Her guitar hi the ground with a twang.