0) 4) dialog: No Sir.
0) 6) dialog: Yes.
0) 8) dialog: I can't sleep nights.
0) 10) dialog: I know. I tried that. The PERSONNEL OFFICER, though officious, is mildly probin and curious.  TRAVIS is a cipher, cold and distant. He speaks as if his mind doesn't know what his mouth is sayi
0) 14) dialog: I ride around nights mostly. Subways, buses. See things. Figur'd I might as well get paid for it.
0) 16) dialog: You kiddin? Who else would hack through South Bronx or Harlem at night?
0) 18) dialog: I'll work anywhere, anytime. I know I can't be choosy.
0) 21) dialog: Clean. Real clean. (pause, thin smile)
0) 24) dialog: (apologetic)
0) 27) dialog: Also clean.
0) 33) dialog: Some. Here and there.
0) 35) dialog: Honorable discharge. May 1971.
0) 37) dialog: No, I want long shifts.
0) 40) dialog: So I hear.
0) 44) dialog: No.
0) 46) dialog: Yes, Sir.
0) 53) dialog: (monotone)
0) 57) dialog: I'm working a single now, which means stretch-shifts, six to six, sometimes six to eight in the a.m., six days a week. A MAN IN BUSINESS SUIT hails Travis to the curb.
0) 58) dialog: It's a hustle, but it keeps me busy. I can take in three to three-fifty a week, more with skims. MAN IN BUSINESS SUIT, now seated in back seat, speaks up:
0) 60) text: Is Kennedy operating, cabbie? Is it grounded? On seat next to TRAVIS is half-eaten cheeseburger and ord of french fries. He puts his cigarette down and gulps as answers:
0) 61) dialog: Why should it be grounded?
0) 63) dialog: Then it's a good guess it's grounded.
0) 65) dialog: Have you tried the telephone?
0) 68) dialog: No.
0) 72) text: Why don't you stick your goddamn head out of the goddamn window once in a while and find out about the goddamn fog! TRAVIS pulls to the curb. The BUSINESS MAN stuffs a dolla bill into the pay drawer and jumps out of the cab. He tur to hail another taxi.
0) 74) dialog: I work the whole city, up, down, don't make no difference to me - does to some. STREETSIDE: TRAVIS' P.O.V.  Black PROSTITUTE wearing whit vinyl boots, leopard-skin mini-skirt and blond wig hails taxi. On her arm hangs half-drunk seedy EXECUTIVE TYPE. TRAVIS pulls over. PROSTITUTE and JOHN climb into back seat. TRAVIS checks o the action in rear view mirror.
0) 75) dialog: Some won't take spooks - Hell, don't make no difference tom me. TRAVIS' taxi drives through Central Park. GRUNTS, GROANS coming from back seat. HOOKER and JOHN goi at it in back seat. He's having a hard time and she's probably trying to get him to come off manually.
0) 82) dialog: They're all animals anyway. All the animals come out at night: Whores, skunk pussies, buggers, queens, fairies, dopers, junkies, sick, venal. (a beat)
0) 83) text: Someday a real rain will come and wash all this scum off the streets. It's EARLY MORNING: 6 a.m. The air is clean and fresh and the streets nearly deserted. EXT. of TAXI GARAGE.  TRAVIS' taxi pulls into the drivewa
0) 84) dialog: Each night when I return the cab to the garage I have to clean the come off the back seat. Some nights I clean off the blood.
1) 0) text: Travis stands in the aisle for a moment. He turns around, walking back toward the concession stand.
1) 5) dialog: What is your name? My name is Travis.
1) 7) dialog: No, I'm serious, really...
1) 12) dialog: That's fine.
2) 0) text: Slight TIMECUT to Travis sitting in theatre, drinking his Royal Crown Cola, eating his popcorn and milk balls. His eyes are fixed on the screen. A MALE VOICE emanates from screen:
2) 4) dialog: Twelve hours of work and I still cannot sleep. The days dwindle on forever and do not end.
3) 43) text: Well, I'll go out and ask him. As Tom walks toward front door Betsy's eyes alternate between him and the position where Travis sits.
4) 0) text: Tom strides out the front door and walks briskly across t street toward Travis' taxi. Travis spots Tom walking toward him and quickly stares up his cab, then squeals off in a burst of billowing exhaust Tom watches the speeding taxi quizzically. Travis' taxi continues down Broadway.
5) 1) dialog: All my life needed was a sense of direction, a sense of someplace to go. I do not believe one should devote his life to morbid self- attention, but should become a person like other people.
5) 4) dialog: I first saw her at Palantine Campaign Headquarters at 58th and Broadway. She was wearing a yellow dress, answering the phone at her desk.
5) 7) dialog: She appeared like an angel out of this open sewer. Out of this filthy mass. She is alone: They cannot touch her.
6) 8) dialog: Hey Wizard. Travis straddles a seat at the table. Dough-Boy gives Tra something between a wink and an eye-twitch saying:
6) 11) text: Ask Travis. He's the ladies man. Travis shrugs and motions for a cup of coffee.
6) 26) dialog: (w/o inflection)
6) 38) text: Travis, you know Dough-Boy, Charlie
6) 43) text: Who else would stay up all night to catch the morning rush hour? Travis sips his coffee. Charlie T.'s eyelids slip shut.
6) 46) dialog: (w/o inflection)
6) 51) dialog: No, just some crazy fucker. Cut have his ear off.
6) 53) dialog: In the jungle. 122nd. Travis' eyes turn toward the restaurant's other patrons. POV: THREE STREET PEOPLE sitting at a table. One GUY, stoned, stares straight ahead. A raggedly attractive GIRL rest her head on the shoulder of the other, a heavily bearded YOUNG MAN with a headband.  They kiss and tease e other, momentarily lost in their separate world. Travis watches the hippie couple closely, his feeling sharply divided between cultural contempt and morose jeal Why should these people enjoy the love and intimacy that always eluded him? He must enjoy these schizoid emotions, because his eyes dwell on the couple.
6) 55) text: You run all over town, don't you, Travis?
6) 57) text: Fuckin' Mau Mau land, that's what it is. Travis turns back to his companions.
6) 58) dialog: Huh?
6) 60) dialog: (catching on)
6) 63) dialog: Nah. (a beat)
6) 77) text: nice to meet ya, Travis. So long, Wizard. Say hello to Malcolm X for me. (nods to Charlie T.)
9) 0) text: Travis is striding briskly across Broadway toward the Palantine Headquarters. He s dressed the best we have seen him; his pants (not jeans) are pressed, his boots shined, his hair combed. Un his Army jacket he wears a freshly laundered shirt and iv league tie. He drops his cigarette, steps on it and walks Watching Travis enter Palantine's Headquarters, we are surprised to realize that Travis is really quite attracti His deformities are psychological, not physical. He belie he is cursed, and therefore he is. Travis walks briskly into the office, and heads toward Betsy's desk.  Tom walks over to greet him, but Travis ignores him.
9) 1) dialog: (at Betsy's desk)
9) 2) text: I want to volunteer. As the CAMERA examines Travis' face more closely, one can see the hollowness wrought by lack of sleep and sufficien diet.
9) 4) text: If you'll come this way. Travis elbows Tom off.
9) 7) dialog: (to Betsy)
9) 12) text: And why is that? TRAVIS is on his best behavior.  He smiles slightly:
9) 13) dialog: Because you are the most beautiful woman I have ever seen. BETSY is momentarily taken back, but pleased. TRAVIS' presence has a definite sexual charge. He has those star qualities BETSY looks for: She senses there is something special about the young man who stands before her. And th too, there is that disarming smile. He is, as Betsy would say, "fascinating".
9) 17) dialog: (his mind elsewhere)
9) 20) dialog: Oh, I think he's a wonderful man. Make a great, great President.
9) 22) dialog: Yes, mam.
9) 26) dialog: Welfare, mam? I think the Senator's right. People should work for a living. I do. I like to work. Every day. Get those old coots off welfare and make 'em work for a change. Betsy does a subtle double-take: This isn't exactly Palantine's position on welfare. She remain intrigued by Travis.
9) 28) dialog: I'm a good worker, Betsy mam, a real good worker.
9) 31) dialog: If you don't mind, mam, I'd rather work for you.
9) 33) dialog: Well, Betsy mam, I drive a taxi at night.
9) 37) dialog: (bolstering courage)
9) 38) text: If you don't mind, mam, I'd be mighty pleased if you'd go out and have some coffee and pie with me. Betsy doesn't quite know what to make of Travis. She is curious, intrigued, tantalized. Like a moth, she draws closer to the flame.
9) 40) dialog: Well, Betsy mam, I drive by this place here in my taxi many times a day. And I watch you sitting here at this big long desk with these telephones, and I say to myself, that's a lonely girl. She needs a friend. And I'm gonna be her friend. (smiles)
9) 41) text: Travis rarely smiles, but when he does his whole face glo It is as if he is able to tap an inner reserve of charm unknown even to himself.  Betsy is completely disarmed.
9) 43) dialog: It's just to the corner, mam. In broad daytime. Nothing can happen. I'll be there to protect you.
9) 47) dialog: Oh, I appreciate that, Betsy mam. I'll be here at four o'clock exactly. (pause)
9) 52) dialog: My name is Travis.
9) 56) dialog: April 26, 1972. Four o'clock p.m. I took Betsy to the Mayfair Coffee Shop on Broadway...
10) 0) text: Travis and Betsy are sitting in a booth of a small New Yo Coffee Shop. They both have been served coffee; Travis is nervously turning his cup around in his hands. As Travis speaks V.O., WAITRESS brings their orders: Appl pie for TRAVIS, fruit compote for BETSY.
10) 1) dialog: I had black coffee and apple pie with a slice of melted yellow cheese.  I think that was a good selection. Betsy had coffee and a fruit salad dish. She could have had anything she wanted. Betsy's conversation interrupts Travis' V.O.:
10) 5) dialog: I know what you mean. I've got the same problems. I just can't get things organized. Little things, I mean. Like my room, my possessions. I should get one of those signs that says, "One of these days I'm Gonna Organezizied". Travis contorts his mouth to match his mispronunciation, than breaks into a big, friendly, infectious grin. The ve sight of it makes one's heart proud. Betsy cannot help but be caught up in Travis' gin. Travis contagious, quicksilver moods cause:
10) 7) text: Travis, I never ever met anybody like you before.
10) 8) dialog: I can believe that.
10) 10) dialog: (evasive)
10) 13) dialog: I had a regular job for a while, days. You know, doin' this, doin' that. But I didn't have anything to do at night. I got kinda lonely, you know, just wandering around. So I decided to works nights. It ain't good to be alone, you know.
10) 17) dialog: Yeah, well... (a beat)
10) 20) dialog: Just people people, you know. Just people. (a beat)
10) 23) dialog: He'd been shot. I didn't know that. He just crawled into the back seat, said "West 45th Street" and conked out.
10) 25) dialog: I shot the meter off, for one thing. I knew I wasn't goimg to get paid. Then I dropped him off at the cop shop. They took him.
10) 27) dialog: Oh, you see lots of freaky stuff in a cab. Especially when the moon's out.
10) 29) dialog: The full moon. One night I had three or four weirdoes in a row and I looked up and, sure enough, there it was - the full moon. Betsy laughs. Travis continues:
10) 32) dialog: Oh, yeah. People will do anything in front of a taxi driver. I mean anything. People too cheap to rent a hotel room, people scoring dope, people shooting up, people who want to embarrass you. (a bitterness emerges)
10) 33) text: It's like you're not even there, not even a person. Nobody knows you. Betsy cuts Travis' bitterness short:
10) 35) dialog: I know. I could have picked you up.
10) 37) dialog: Late one night. About three. At the plaza.
10) 39) dialog: No. It was you. You had some manila folders and a pink bag from Saks. Betsy, realizing Travis remembers her precisely, scramble for a polite rationale for her behavior:
10) 41) dialog: If it wasn't for a drunk I would have picked you up. He wanted to go to the DMZ.
10) 45) dialog: South Bronx. The worst. I tried to ditch him, but he was already in the cab, so I had to take him. That's the law. Otherwise I would have picked you up.
10) 47) dialog: You'd be surprised how often you see the same people, get the same fare. People have patterns. They do more or less the same things every day. I can tell.
10) 49) dialog: I didn't mean you. But just ordinary people. A guy I know - Dough-Boy - met his wife that way. They got to talking. She said she usually caught the bus so he started picking her up at the bus stop, taking her home with the flag up.
10) 51) dialog: Well, no... not really... had some famous people in the cab. (remembering)
10) 57) dialog: I work a single, which means there's no replacement - no second man on the cab. Six to six, sometimes eight. Seventy-two hours a week.
10) 60) dialog: Sometimes 76 or 80. Sometimes I squeeze a few more hours in the morning. Eighty miles a day, a hundred miles a night.
10) 62) dialog: (big affectionate smile)
10) 65) dialog: What?
10) 67) dialog: I'm no pusher, Betsy. Honest. I never have pushed.
10) 68) dialog: I didn't mean that, Travis. Just the part about the contradiction.
10) 69) dialog: (more at ease)
10) 74) dialog: Yeah. Yes. I don't follow music too much.
10) 76) text: Kris Kristofferson. Travis looks at Betsy intently and they exchange smiles.
10) 81) dialog: You work at night, you get an instinct. You can smell them. The big tippers, the stiffs, the trouble makers. Quarter is good tip for Manhattan. Queens is better, Brooklyn is best. go for the guys with suitcases. The rich are the worst tippers, hooks are lousy. Spooks are okay, but they don't live at Park Ave after all. The meter is activated: $.60 registers. Tick, tick, tick. quick glance shows the woman is now seated. She says soft "192 East 89".  We take off with another jolt. Cross back 9th Ave, then cut through the park. We're zooming up 9th Ave - how many green lights can we string together? Somebody steps out to hail the cab, but quickly steps back again. The meter is up $.90. It'll be $1.40 fare. Now through the park and we're almost there. Check the numbers - 134 - 140. End of the block. Fare=$1.40. Check back mirror - she's getting out two bills. Two quar and a dime change. Tip'll be either.25 or .35. The tip comes back: 35 cents - good tip. Good lady. We ta off again with a jolt. This is Travis' world: Dark side streets, garish glaring main streets, quick glances, quicker evaluations - a doze instantaneous decisions a minute. Are these people, are these objects? EXT. TRAVIS' TAXI speed down darkened street. Travis lets off a fare and pulls into line at the Plaza.
10) 84) dialog: I called Betsy again at her office, and she said maybe we could go to a movie together after she gets off work tomorrow. That's my day off. At first she hesitated, but I called her again and she agreed. (pause)
10) 85) text: Betsy. Betsy what? I forgot to ask her last name again.  Damn. I've got to remember stuff like that. Travis' thoughts are with Betsy, as THREE MEN enter Travi cab. He activates the meter and pulls off.
10) 89) dialog: (interrupting)
10) 95) dialog: Well, I'm one of your biggest supporters. I tell everybody that comes in this cab that they should vote for you.
10) 97) text: Why, thank you Travis.
10) 98) dialog: I'm sure you'll win, sir. Everybody I know is going to vote for you. (a beat)
10) 101) text: I'll tell you, Travis, I've learned more about this country sitting in taxi cabs than in the board room of General Motors.
10) 103) text: And in some other places too... Palantine, his Assistant and Tom all laugh. Palantine, quickly reassuming candiorial mien, speaks to Travis:
10) 105) dialog: I don't know, sir. I don't follow political issues much.
10) 107) dialog: (thinks)
10) 112) dialog: Some days I go out and smell it then I get headaches that just stay and never go away. We need a President that would clean up this whole mess.  Flush it out. Palantine is not a Hubert Humphrey-type professional bullshitter, and Travis' intense reply stops him dead in tracks. He is forced to fall back on a stock answer but tries to give it some meaning.
10) 114) text: I know what you mean, Travis, and it's not going to be easy. We're going to have to make some radical changes.
10) 115) dialog: (turning the wheel)
11) 0) text: TRAVIS' taxi pulls up in front of the Barclay Hotel. PALANTINE and AIDE get out of the cab. SECOND AIDE stays back seat a moment to pay TRAVIS. PALANTINE looks in front window of cab momentarily and no goodbye to TRAVIS.
11) 2) dialog: (calling back)
11) 3) text: Thank you, sir. You're a good man, sir. Travis' taxi departs. PALANTINE and AIDES walk up carpet to the St. Regis. CAMERA CLOSES IN on PALANTINE as he stops, turns back and watches Travis' departing taxi. PALANTINE turns back and ascends the hotel steps with his AIDES.
12) 0) text: TRAVIS, dressed to the teeth, walks brightly down the sidewalk. His face is frehsly shaved, his hair combed, hi tie straightened. He pauses in a store window to check his appearance. Under his arm he carries the gift-wrapped Kristofferson record album.
12) 3) dialog: (interrupting)
12) 6) dialog: (evasive)
12) 11) dialog: I don't follow music much. I'd like to though. (second thought)
12) 15) dialog: No. (sly smile)
12) 16) text: I thought maybe you could play it for me on your player. Betsy's face backtracks a bit. Maybe she was wrong to go with this fellow she doesn't know. She makes a polite laugh. LATER.  Travis and Betsy are in TIMES SQUARE, turning the corner from Broadway to 42nd Street. Travis carries the album under his arm. They approach the garish marquee of a large midtown porno theatre advertising "The Swedish Marriage Manual". The bo office is flanked on both sides by glass cages filled wit explicit publicity stills.  Offending portions have been blocked out with black tape. Travis steps over to the window and buys two $5 tickets. Betsy, befuddled, watches him. She doesn't know what to s Travis returns with the tickets. Betsy still has not fully comprehended what is happening:
12) 18) dialog: (innocent)
12) 21) dialog: No, these are the kind that couples go to. They're not like the other movies. All kinds of couples go. Honest. I've seen them.
12) 25) dialog: (to himself)
12) 28) dialog: I forgot to get the Coca-Cola. That does it. Betsy just looks at him for a moment, then gets up and starts to leave. Travis, confused, hustles af her. He follows her out of the theatre.
12) 32) dialog: Where are you going?
12) 34) dialog: What do you mean? Betsy looks at Travis, trying to understand him:
12) 36) dialog: Well, I don't follow movies too much...
12) 38) dialog: This is sort of high class...
12) 40) dialog: (hesitant)
12) 43) dialog: We can go to another movie if you like, I don't care. I got money. There's plenty... Travis gestures toward the long row of 42nd Street marque but is interrupted by Betsy:
12) 47) dialog: ... there's plenty of movies around here. I haven't seen any of them, but I'm sure they're good.
12) 49) dialog: (interrupting)
12) 53) dialog: (puzzled)
12) 56) dialog: But... Betsy...
12) 58) dialog: (following her)
12) 61) dialog: Can I call you?
12) 64) dialog: (tender)
12) 68) dialog: But I got a taxi. Betsy gives instructions to CAB DRIVER, looks briefly bac at Travis, then straight ahead. Taxi speeds off. Travis looks around helplessly: A cluster of PEDESTRIANS the crowded street has stopped to watch the argument. Tra looks back at the woman in the porno theatre box office w has also been following the argument.
12) 71) dialog: May 8, 1972. My life has taken another turn again. The days move along with regularity... C.U. of notebook: Travis is no longer sitting at the desk The pencil rests on the open notebook.
12) 74) dialog: ... one day indistinguishable from the next, a long continuous chain, then suddenly - there is a change. Betsy is walking down a midtown street when Travis sudden appears before her. He has been waiting. Travis tries to make conversation but she doesn't listen. She motions for him to go away and keeps on walking. Travis, protesting, follows.
13) 0) text: Travis speaks intensely into a wall pay phone.
13) 1) dialog: I tried to call her several times. We hear Travis' Voice on the phone.
13) 2) dialog: (smoking a cigarette)
13) 4) dialog: But after the first call, she would no longer come to the phone. Travis holds the receiver in his hand. The other party ha hung up. TRACKING SHOT across interior lower wall of TRAVIS' APART Against the stark wall there is a row of wilted and dying floral arrangements.  Each one of the four or five bouque is progressively more wilted than the one closer to the d They have been returned.
13) 7) dialog: I also sent flowers with no luck. I should not dwell on such things, but set them behind me. The smell of the flowers only made me sicker. The headaches got worse I think I've got stomach cancer. I should not complain so. "You're only as healthy as you feel." A drama is acted out at PALANTINE HEADQUARTERS: Travis, groggy and red-eyed from lack of sleep, walks into the campaign headquarters about NOONTIME. Betsy is standing near the rear of the office; she ducks from sight when she sees Travis enter. Travis' path is cu short by Tom's large-framed body. There is no live sound.
13) 8) dialog: I realize now how much she is like the others, so cold and distant. Many people are like that. They're like a union. Travis tries to push his way past Tom but Tom grabs him. Travis says something sharply to Tom and the two scuffle. Tom, by far the taller and stronger, quickly overcomes Travis, wrenching his arm behind his back. Travis kicks and protests as Tom leads him to the front d
13) 15) dialog: I'm off duty.
13) 17) dialog: No, I'm off duty.
13) 19) dialog: It was on. (gesturing toward top of taxi)
13) 20) text: it just takes a while to warm up. Like a TV. TRAVIS doesn't budge. PROFESSIONAL PASSENGER curses to himself and exits cab. Travis takes off. POV as Travis' eyes dwell on the young HIP COUPLES coming out of a East Side movie house. LATER THAT NIGHT, TRAVIS pulls over for a young (mid- twenties) MAN wearing a leather sports jacket. TRAVIS eyes his passenger in rear-view mirror.
13) 27) dialog: Yeah. A young WOMAN wearing a slip crosses in front of the ligh
13) 29) dialog: Yeah.
13) 34) text: I'm gonna kill her. C.U. TRAVIS' face: it is devoid of expression.
13) 37) text: What do you think of that, huh? Travis shrugs, gesturing toward meter.
13) 42) text: Did you ever see what it can do to a woman's pussy, cabbie? Travis says nothing.
13) 52) text: Pay Dough-Boy here. Travis pulls a twenty out of his pocket and gives it to Dough-Boy.
13) 53) dialog: 20 bucks?
13) 55) text: Yeah. Hey thanks. That's real nice, Travis. Travis and Andy get out of the cab and walk toward the ho Dough-Boy pulls away. As they enter the hotel, they pass a JUNKIE, stoned out a spread-eagled across the hood of a derelict old blue dodg
14) 0) text: Travis follows Andy up the worn carpeted stairs and down hallway.  Andy unlocks the door to one of the rooms. The HOTEL ROOM is barren and clean; there's no sign anyon is staying in it. The fire escape is appropriately near. Andy locks the door behind them, steps over to the closet unlocks it and pulls out two grey Samsonite suitcases - t kind you can drive a truck over.
14) 4) dialog: You got a .44 Magnum?
14) 6) dialog: I got money. Andy unzips a cowhide leather pouch to reveal a .44 Magnu pistol. He holds it gingerly, as if it were a precious treasure. Andy opens the chambers and cradles the long eight-inch barrel in his palm. The .44 is a huge, oversiz inhuman gun.
14) 8) text: It's a monster. Can stop a car -- put a bullet right into the block. A premium high resale gun. $350 -- that's only a hundred over list. Easy Andy is a later version of the fast-talking, good- looking kid in college who was always making money on one scheme or another. In high school he sold lottery tickets in college he scored dope, and now he's hustling hand gun Andy holds the Magnum out for Travis' inspection. There's worshipful CLOSEUP of the .44 Magnum. It is a monster. Travis hefts the huge gun. It seems out of place in his h It is built on Michelangelo's scale. The Magnum belongs i the hand of a marble god, not a slight taxi driver. Travi hands the gun back to Andy.
14) 15) text: Throw in a holster for $10. Travis hefts the nickel-plated .38, points it out the win
14) 18) dialog: I want a .32.   Revolver. And a palm gun. That .22 there.
14) 20) dialog: How much for everything.
14) 22) dialog: How much to get a permit to carry?
14) 26) dialog: Nah, this'll be fine.
14) 28) dialog: Is there a firing range around?
14) 31) dialog: (looking up)
14) 34) dialog: Yeah. I was all around. One hospital, then the next.
14) 39) dialog: (intensely)
14) 42) text: Travis is like a light switch: For long periods he goes along dark and silent, saying nothing; then suddenly, the current is turned on and the air is filled with the electricity of his personality. Travis' inner intensity s Andy back a bit, but he quickly recovers.
14) 45) dialog: Huh?
14) 47) dialog: Nah. I ain't interested. Andy closes and locks the suitcases.
14) 53) dialog: May 29, 1972. I must get in shape. Too much sitting has ruined my body. Twenty-five push-ups each morning, one hundred sit-ups, one hundred knee-bends. I have quit smoking. Travis, still bareback, passes his stiff arm through the flame of a gas burner without flinching a muscle.
14) 54) dialog: Total organization is necessary. Every muscle must be tight.
15) 0) text: The CRACKING SOUND of rapid-fire pistol shots fills the musty air of the firing range. The walls are heavily soundproofed, and sawdust is spread over the floor. Travis stands rock solid, firing the .44 Magnum at an arm length.  With each blasting discharge from the Magnum, Travis' body shudders and shakes, his arm as if each reco from the giant gun was a direct attack on his masculinity Travis fires the Magnum as quickly as he can re-set, re-a and re-fire. The Magnum is empty, he sets it down, picks the .38 Special and begins firing as soon as he can aim. After the .38, comes the .25: It is as if he were in a contest to see how quickly he can fire the pistols. After all the guns are discharged, he begins reloading them without a moment's hesitation. Downrange, the red and white targets have the black outli of a human figure drawn over them. The contour-man convul under the steady barrage of Travis' rapid-fire shots.
16) 0) text: TRAVIS, now wearing an unfastened green plaid western shi sits at the table writing in his diary. The vial of benni is on the table.
16) 1) dialog: My body fights me always. It won't work, it won't sleep, it won't shit, it won't eat. LATER.  TRAVIS, his shirt still revealing his bare chest, sits on his straight-backed chair watching the TV. The .4 Magnum rests on his lap. The TV is Broadcasting ROCK TIME, a late afternoon local teenage dance and rock show.  On screen YOUNG TEENYBOPPER are dancing, and the TV CAMERAMAN, as any devotee of the genre knows, is relentlessly ZOOMING-IN on their firm you breasts, fannies and crotches -- a sensibility which refl TRAVIS' own. These supper-hour rock dance shows are the m unabashedly voyeuristic form of broadcasting the medium h yet developed. The HARD ROCK NUMBER ends, and the TV CAMERA CUTS TO the local DISC JOCKEY, a hirsute plastic-looking man about 35 FIVE scrumptious TEENYBOPPERS are literally hanging on hi shoulders and arms, their faces turned up to him in drool awe. Out of his mouth comes an incessant stream of disc jockey blather. He is the complete asshole; I don't know is currently performing this function in New York, but in Los Angeles his name is Real Don Steele.
16) 11) text: Come on, baby, let's go.  This is all a real drag. IRIS lets herself be taken out of the cab.  The rear door closes. Sport leans partially in the front window, throwing somet on the front seat.  TRAVIS looks: it is a crumpled $20 bi
17) 0) text: TRAVIS pulls into his stall. TRAVIS sits in driver's seat, thinking a moment.  He look to his right: the crumpled $20 bill still lies there, untouched since it was thrown there six hours previously. TRAVIS reluctantly picks up the $20 bill and stuffs it in his jacket pocket as he gets out of the cab.  He gathers his time report and heads toward book-in table.
18) 0) text: TRAVIS slouches down into his seat, his face glowing in t reflected light from the screen.
18) 2) text: Mmm, that's good.  Ahh, ahh, more ... TRAVIS averts his eyes as the action on screen becomes to graphic.  Placing his stiffened right hand beside his eye TRAVIS can, by turning it inward, shut off or open up his field of vision by small degrees. MOVIE VOICE DIMINISHES, replaced by SOUND of TRAVIS' voic over.
18) 3) dialog: The idea had been growing in my brain ...
18) 7) dialog: ... for some time.  True Force. All the king's men cannot put it back together again. As the CAMERA reaches the end of its track, it finds TRAV standing, his shirt open, but the mattress.  He is wearin the empty holster, and the .44 is in his hand. In the SHOTS that follow TRAVIS gives the audience a less in gunmanship: TRAVIS practices fast-drawing the .38 Special from his holster and firing it. He hooks the .44 into his pants behind his back and pract withdrawing it.  He holds the .44 firmly at an arm's leng tightening his forearm muscles. He has worked out a system of metal gliders taped to his inner forearm, whereby the Colt .25 can rest hidden behin the upper forearm until a spring near the elbow is activa sending the .25 flying down the gliders into his palm.  H has cut open his shirt to accomodate the gun mechanism an now checks in the mirror to see how well the gun is hidde He straps an Army combat knife to his calf and cuts a sli in his jeans where the knife can be pulled out quickly. He now tries on various combinations of shirts, sweater a jacket in front of the mirror to see how well he can hide all the handguns he wishes to carry.  Finally, wearing tw western shirts, a sweater and jacket, he manages to obscu the location of all three guns, although he resembles a hunter bundled up against the Arctic winter. He sits at the table dum-dumming the .44 bullets -- cutti "x's" across the bullet heads. P.O.V.: he scans the objects of his room through the scop of the .38. TRAVIS stands in the middle of his apartment, staring at PALANTINE wall.  His eyes are glazed with introspection; sees nothing but himself.
18) 8) dialog: Listen you screwheads: Here is a man ... TRAVIS lies on his mattress, all bundled up in his shirts sweater, jacket and guns.  His face is turned toward the ceiling, but his eyes are closed.  Although the room is flooded with light, he is finally catching some sleep.
18) 11) dialog: ... who wouldn't take it any more, a man who stood up against the scum, the cunts, the dogs, the filth.  Here is ... (voice trails off)
18) 14) dialog: Hey 'Melio. Spanish rhythm and blues blares from a cheap radio. TRAVIS walks over to dairy counter in rear of store, pick out a pint of chocolate milk, goes over to the open coole and picks through various chilled prepackaged sandwiches. He overhears a VOICE as he looks at the sandwiches. When TRAVIS returns to the counter with the chocolate mil and a sandwich in one hand, he sees a YOUNG BLACK MAN holding a gun on 'Melio.  The STICK-UP MAN is nervous, hopped-up, or both; he bounces on the balls of his cheap worn black tennis shoes -- a strung-out junkie on a desperation ride.  The STICK-UP MAN, a thorough unprofessional, doesn't notice TRAVIS. 'MELIO watches the STICK-UP MAN closely, deciding what to himself.
18) 16) text: Come on, man.  Quick, quick, quick. Hand over that bread. It doesn't take TRAVIS long to decide what to do: without hesitation he pulls his .32 from his jacket pocket.
18) 17) dialog: Hey dude!
18) 21) dialog: You're gonna have to cover me on this one, 'Melio.  I can't stay for the cop show.
18) 23) dialog: The hell I can't.  It's no sweat for you.  What is this for you, number five? 'MELIO smiles and holds up four fingers:
18) 25) text: Alright, Travis, I'll do what I can.
18) 26) dialog: Thanks a lot. TRAVIS exits.  'MELIO picks up the phone and starts diali The bloody BODY lies on the floor unmoving. TRAVIS, still carrying his pint of chocolate milk and sandwich, walks down the empty sidewalk and enters his ca The street is deserted.
18) 34) text: Well, Jim, it's just that -- I don't know how to say this -- it's that she thinks your parents aren't... good enough, I guess. TRAVIS, through cleaning his gun, begins to play a game w the television set. He places the heel of his boot at the top of the melon cr which supports the TV.  Then, slowly rocking his heel bac and forth, he sees how far he can tip the melon crate without knocking it over.
18) 37) dialog: (to himself)
18) 38) text: Damn, damn. TRAVIS bends over in the chair and places his head in his hands, despairing of himself.
18) 62) dialog: Slow.
18) 74) dialog: Hey Wiz, just a second.  I wanna talk to you. WIZARD waits for TRAVIS as he takes a final gulp of coffe and catches up with him.  CHARLIE T calls to TRAVIS as th go:
18) 76) dialog: (walking)
18) 77) text: Hey Wiz. WIZARD leans back against the cab.  TRAVIS is about to sp when he spots a GROUP of BLACK and PUERTO RICAN STREET PUNKS, ages 12-15, jiving down the sidewalk toward him. tosses a spray paint can around his back, basketball styl ANOTHER mocks as if he's going to scratch a key along one the cabs.
18) 80) dialog: (hesitant)
18) 83) dialog: Look, ah, we never talked much, you and me...
18) 85) dialog: I wanted to ask you something, on account you've been around so long.
18) 87) dialog: Well, I just, you know...
18) 89) dialog: Real down.
18) 93) dialog: Sometimes it gets so I just don't know what I'm gonna do.  I get some real crazy ideas, you know?  Just go out and do somethin.
18) 95) dialog: Yeah.
18) 98) dialog: Like do anything, you know.
18) 102) dialog: (pause)
18) 108) dialog: Neither do I, I guess.
18) 113) dialog: Thanks. WIZARD gives TRAVIS a short wave implying, "Chin up, old boy," and walks around to the driver's side of his cab. WIZARD drives off, leaving the street to its natural inhabitants.
19) 14) dialog: Are you a Secret Service Man?
19) 17) dialog: I've seen a lot of suspicious- looking people around here today. SECRET SERVICE MAN glances at TRAVIS momentarily.
19) 19) dialog: Oh, lots.  I don't know where they all are now.  There used to be one standing over there. (points)
19) 20) text: SECRET SERVICE MAN's gaze follows TRAVIS' finger for a second, then return to TRAVIS.
19) 21) dialog: Is it hard to get to be a Secret Service Man?
19) 23) dialog: I kinda thought I might make a good one.  I'm very observant.
19) 25) dialog: I was in the Army too. (beat)
19) 26) text: And I'm good with crowds. The SECRET SERVICE MAN is starting to get interested in TRAVIS: he definitely ranks as a suspicious character.
19) 30) dialog: What kind of guns do you guys use? .38's? The SECRET SERVICE MAN decides it's time to get some more information on TRAVIS:
19) 32) dialog: You would, huh?
19) 35) dialog: My name is Henry Krinkle -- that's with a "K." K-R-I-N-K-L-E.  I live at 13 1/2 Hopper Avenue, Fair Lawn, New Jersey.  Zip code 07410. (a beat)
19) 38) dialog: Great, hey.  Thanks a lot. The SECRET SERVICE MAN motions to a SECRET SERVICE PHOTOGRAPHER to catch a picture of TRAVIS.  TRAVIS notice this, and quickly slips away into the CROWD.
19) 40) dialog: June 11.  Eight rallies in six more days.  The time is coming.
19) 53) text: All their games are over.  Now is the time to stand up against such foolishness, propaganda and demagoguery.  Now is the time for one man to stand up and accept his neighbor, for one man to give in order that all might receive.  Is unity and love of common good such a lost thing? ALL LIVE SOUND CEASES as TRAVIS' narration begins.  He is reading from a letter or card he has just written. As he speaks we see SHOTS of PALANTINE speaking, a seated row of YOUNG BLACK PALANTINE red, white and blue bedecked CHEERLEADERS, SECRET SERVICE AGENTS examining the CROWD a so forth.  These SHOTS have no direct relationship to the narration.
19) 54) dialog: (reading)
19) 59) dialog: Her name is Betsy, but I can tell you no more than that. (interrupted)
19) 60) text: As TRAVIS reads third paragraph, a POLICEMAN is seen walk from behind TRAVIS' taxi to his window. The POLICEMAN's voice come during a pause in the narratio LIVE SOUND RESUMES.
19) 63) dialog: (penitent)
19) 66) dialog: No, officer.
19) 68) dialog: (resuming reading)
19) 69) text: I hope this card finds you all well, as it does me.  I hope no one has died.  Don't worry about me. One day there will be a knock on the door and it will be me. Love, Travis. TRAVIS, at his desk, examines the card upon which he has just written this letter.
19) 77) dialog: (shy)
19) 80) dialog: Well...I guess so.
19) 84) text: His name is Sport.  Go talk to him. I'll wait here. Travis' eyes follow Iris' nod until they reach Sport, standing in a doorway in his lime green jacket.  Travis walks toward him. Sport, a thirtiesh white greaser, has the affections of a black pimp.  His hips are jiving, his fingers softly snap He sings to him self, "Going to the chapel, gonna get married..." His complexion is sallow; his eyes cold and venal.  He could only seem romantic to a confused underag runaway.
19) 85) dialog: You name Sport? Sport immediately takes Travis for an undercover cop.  He extends his crosses wrists as if to be handcuffed.
19) 87) dialog: Your name Sport?
19) 89) dialog: I'm no cop. (looks back at Iris)
19) 94) dialog: Shit.
19) 98) dialog: I'm no cop.
19) 100) dialog: I'm hip.
19) 102) text: TRAVIS walks back to IRIS. IRIS motions for TRAVIS to follow her and he does. IRIS and TRAVIS turn the corner and walk about a block, saying nothing.  IRIS turns into a darkened doorway and TRAVIS follows her. At the top of the dark stairs IRIS and TRAVIS enter a dim lit hallway.  On either side are doors with apartment numbers.  IRIS turns toward the first door, No. 2.
19) 109) text: Gimme the rod, cowboy. TRAVIS hesitates a moment, uncertain what to do.  The OLD MAN reaches in TRAVIS' jacket and pulls out the .38 Speci
19) 111) text: I'm keepin' time. TRAVIS enters No. 2 with IRIS. TRAVIS looks around IRIS' room: although dimly lit, the r is brightly decorated.  There is an orange shag carpet, d brown walls and an old red velvet sofa.  On the walls are posters of Mick Jagger, Bob Dylan and Peter Fonda.  A Nei Young album is playing on a small phonograph. This is where IRIS lives: it bears the individual touch o young girl. IRIS lights a cigarette, takes a single puff and places i in an ashtray on the bedstand.
19) 112) dialog: Why you hang around with them greasers?
19) 114) dialog: Yeah.  From the likes of them.
19) 120) dialog: What's your name?
19) 122) dialog: That ain't much of a name.
19) 124) dialog: What's your real name?
19) 126) dialog: (insistent)
19) 129) dialog: That's a nice name.
19) 131) dialog: Don't you remember me?  Button your shirt. IRIS buttons only the bottom button of her shirt.
19) 134) dialog: I drive a taxi.  You tried to get away one night.  Remember?
19) 138) dialog: You tried to run away in my taxi but your friend -- Sport -- wouldn't let you.
19) 140) dialog: It don't matter.  I'm gonna get you outta here. (looks toward door)
19) 142) dialog: (pressured)
19) 145) text: TRAVIS pushes her hand away.  He sits beside her on the e of the bed.
19) 146) dialog: (taking her by the shoulders)
19) 149) dialog: (exasperated)
19) 152) dialog: Do they drug you?
19) 156) text: Oh, come off it, man. IRIS tries to unzip TRAVIS' fly.  This only unnerves TRAV more: sexual contact is something he's never really confronted.
19) 157) dialog: Listen...
19) 159) text: Can't you make it? IRIS works on TRAVIS' crotch OFF CAMERA.  He bats her han away.
19) 160) dialog: (distraught)
19) 161) text: I want to help you. TRAVIS is getting increasingly panicked, but IRIS only thinks this is part of his particular thing and tries to overcome it.
19) 164) text: I can help you. IRIS lowers her head to go down on TRAVIS.  TRAVIS, seein this, jumps up in panic. TRAVIS stands several feet from IRIS.  His fly is still open, and the white of his underwear shows through his je He is starting to come apart.
19) 165) dialog: Fuck it!  Fuck it!  Fuck it!  Fuck it!  Fuck it!  Fuck it!  Fuck it!
19) 168) dialog: Don't you understand anything? IRIS says nothing.  After a moment, TRAVIS again sits on bed beside IRIS.  She no longer tries to make him.
19) 172) dialog: (slowly)
19) 175) dialog: Don't you want to go?
19) 177) dialog: But that one night?
19) 179) dialog: Well, I tried.
19) 182) dialog: (getting up)
19) 185) dialog: No, I mean really.  This is nothing for a person to do.
19) 189) dialog: (thinking)
19) 190) text: Well tomorrow noon there's a... I got a... IRIS is interfering with TRAVIS' assassination schedule.
19) 192) dialog: (deciding)
19) 193) text: O.K. It's a date.  I'll see you here, then. TRAVIS turns; IRIS smiles.
19) 198) dialog: So long, Iris. (a beat)
19) 200) text: TRAVIS exits. TRAVIS closes the door to No. 2 and stands in the corrido for a moment. The OLD MAN slowly walks from the dark end of the hallway with TRAVIS' .38 in his hand.  OLD MAN stands near TRAVIS and checks his watch.
19) 205) dialog: (restrained anger)
19) 206) text: Here's the twenty bucks, old man. You better damn well spend it right. TRAVIS turns and walks away. OLD MAN says as TRAVIS walks down stairs:
21) 0) text: Travis' cab pulls away from the yellow mass and heads downtown.
22) 0) text: Travis' cab is parked near a neighborhood Bickford's.
22) 5) dialog: Where is home? Iris removes her large blue-tinted sunglasses and fishes through her bag for another pair.
22) 7) dialog: Where?
22) 9) dialog: I ain't ever been there, but it don't seem like such a bad place.
22) 12) dialog: But you can't live like this.  It's hell.  Girls should live at home.
22) 14) text: Didn't you ever hear of women's lib? There is a short, quick silence; TRAVIS' eyes retract.  H goes on:
22) 17) dialog: (ignoring her question)
22) 20) dialog: (releasing pent-up tension)
22) 23) dialog: That fella "Sport" looks like a killer to me.
22) 25) dialog: Huh?
22) 27) dialog: He looks like a killer.
22) 29) dialog: He shoots dope too.
22) 33) dialog: He's worse than an animal.  Jail's too good for scum like that. There is a brief silence.  Iris mind continued to whirl a 78 rpms.  She seems to have three subjects on her mind at time.  She welcomes this opportunity to unburden herself.
22) 35) dialog: I never been to a commune.  I don't know.  I saw pictures in a magazine, and it didn't look very clean to me.
22) 37) dialog: Me?  I could never go to a place like that.
22) 39) dialog: (hesitant)
22) 42) dialog: Besides, I've got to stay here.
22) 46) dialog: I've got something important to do. I can't leave.
22) 48) dialog: I can't say -- it's top secret. I'm doing something for the Army. The cab thing is just part time.
22) 50) dialog: Do I look like a narc?
22) 53) dialog: (pause)
22) 56) dialog: You just gonna leave 'em?
22) 59) dialog: Cops don't do nothin.
22) 63) dialog: You can't leave 'em to do the same to other girls.  You should get rid of them.
22) 65) dialog: (shrugs)
22) 70) dialog: (apologetic/sheepish)
22) 73) dialog: (thinks)
22) 78) dialog: I think you should go home, but otherwise I think you should go. It would be great for you.  You have to get away from here.  The city's a sewer, you gotta get out of it. Mumbling something about her "shades" again, Iris fishes through her bag until she comes up with another 99Вў pair sunglasses and puts them on.  She likes these better, she decides.
22) 80) dialog: I can't.  Otherwise, I would.
22) 82) dialog: I'll give you the money to go.  I don't want you to take any from those guys.
22) 84) dialog: I want to -- what else can I do with my money? (thinks)
22) 87) dialog: My work may take me out of New York.
23) 0) text: TRAVIS is again writing at the table.  His western shirt open, exposing his bare chest. A note of despair and doom has entered into TRAVIS' norma monotone narration voice: this will be the last entry in diary.
23) 1) dialog: My whole life has pointed in one direction.  I see that now.  There never has been any choice for me.
23) 3) dialog: Loneliness has followed me all my life.  The life of loneliness pursues me wherever I go: in bars, cars, coffee shops, theaters, stores, sidewalks.  There is no escape.  I am God's lonely man. MATCHCUT TO P.O.V.: another neighborhood, LATER IN THE NI Still in SLIGHTLY SLOW MOTION. The CROWDS are more sparse here, the streets darker.  A JUNKIE shudders in a doorway, a WINO pukes into a trash c a STREET-WALKER meets a prospective CLIENT.
23) 6) dialog: I am not a fool.  I will no longer fool myself.  I will no longer let myself fall apart, become a joke and object of ridicule.  I know there is no longer any hope.  I cannot continue this hollow, empty fight.  I must sleep.  What hope is there for me?
24) 0) text: TRAVIS, his shirt fastened, stands beside table. C.U.: He lays a brief hand-written letter on the table. read it. Dear Iris,
24) 1) text: This money should be enough for your trip.  By the time y read this I will be dead. Travis
24) 2) text: TRAVIS stacks five crisp hundred dollar bills beside the letter, folds them up with the letter, and puts them into envelope. TIMECUT: A SHORT WHILE LATER.  TRAVIS has cleaned up his apartment.  Everything is neat and orderly. CAMERA PANS across room.  The mattress is bare and flatte out, the floor is spotless, the cans and bottles of food pills put out of sight.  The wall is still covered with Palantine political paraphernalia, but when we reach the desk we see only four items there: an open diary and thre loaded revolvers: .44, .38, .25. TRAVIS, freshly shaved and neatly dressed, stands in the middle of his clean room.  The empty holster hangs on his shoulder.  Metal .25 gliders can be seen under the slit i his right sleeve.  He turns toward table.
24) 14) text: TRAVIS begins moving up into the crowd.
24) 16) text: and on to victory next November! PALANTINE steps back, smiling and receiving the applause. Then, nodding, at the SECRET SERVICE MAN he descends the stairs and prepares to work his way through the CROWD. TRAVIS unbuttons the middle two buttons of his jacket, opening access to his holster.  With the other hand he checks the .44 hooked behind his back. PALANTINE smiles and shakes a few of the many hands outstretched toward him. The SECRET SERVICE MAN, scanning the CROWD, spots somethi that interests him.  He looks closely. SECRET SERVICE MAN'S P.O.V.: TRAVIS, his face intense, pushes his way through the CROWD. PALANTINE works his way through crowds and cameras. SECRET SERVICE MAN motions to SECOND SECRET SERVICE MAN a points in TRAVIS' direction. TRAVIS slips his hand into his jacket.
24) 24) dialog: Hey, Sport.  How are things?
24) 27) dialog: (needling him)
24) 32) dialog: I'm here to see Iris.
24) 35) dialog: Yeah, Iris.  You know anybody by that name?
24) 37) text: Hillbilly, you'd better get your wise ass outa here and quick, or you're gonna be in trouble. TRAVIS is being propelled by an inner force, a force whic takes him past the boundaries of reason and self-control.
24) 38) dialog: (restrained anger)
24) 39) text: You carry a gun? SPORT looks into TRAVIS' eyes, saying nothing: he realize the seriousness of the situation. TRAVIS pulls his .38 Special and holds it on SPORT, pushi him even further back against the wall.
24) 40) dialog: Get it.
24) 43) dialog: (demanding)
24) 47) dialog: Now suck on that. Agony and shock cross SPORT'S face as he slumps to the fl TRAVIS turns and walks away before SPORT even hits. As TRAVIS walks away, SPORT can be seen struggling in the TRAVIS, he gun slipped into his jacket, walks quickly up sidewalk. AROUND THE CORNER, TRAVIS walks into the darkened stairwa leading to IRIS' apartment. As he walks up the stairs, TRAVIS pulls the .44 Magnum fr behind his back and transfers the .38 Special to his left hand.  He walks up the steps, a pistol dangling from each hand. AT THE TOP OF THE STAIRS, TRAVIS spots THE OLD MAN sittin at the far end of the dark corridor.  THE OLD MAN starts get up when TRAVIS discharges the mighty .44 at him.  BLA The hallway reverberates with shock waves and gun powder. THE OLD MAN staggers at the end of the corridor: his righ hand has been blown off at the forearm. There is the sharp SOUND of a GUNSHOT behind TRAVIS: his face grimaces in pain.  A bullet has ripped through the l side of his neck.  Blood flows over his left shoulder. TRAVIS' .44 flies into the air. TRAVIS looks down the stairway: there SPORT lies choking a puddle of his own blood.  He has struggled long enough fire one shot. Falling, TRAVIS drills another .38 slug into SPORT's back but SPORT is already dead. TRAVIS slumps to his knees.  Down the corridor THE OLD MA with a bloody stump is struggling toward him.  TRAVIS tur his .38 toward THE OLD MAN. The door to No. 2 opens: IRIS' scream is heard in the b.g The bulky frame of the PRIVATE COP fills the doorway.  Hi blue shirt is open, in his hand hangs a .38 service revol The PRIVATE COP raises his gun and shoots TRAVIS.  TRAVIS blood gushing from his right shoulder, sinks to the floor His .38 clangs down the stairs.
24) 54) dialog: Pgghew!  Pgghew! Out of breath fellow OFFICERS join the first POLICEMAN. They survey the room. TRAVIS' head slumps against the sofa. IRIS is huddled in the corner, shaking. LIVE SOUND CEASES. OVERHEAD SLOW MOTION TRACKING SHOT surveys the damage: -- from IRIS shaking against the blood-spattered wall -- to TRAVIS blood-soaked body lying on the sofa -- to THE OLD MAN with half a head, a bloody stump for on hand and a knife sticking out the other -- to POLICE OFFICERS staring in amazement -- to the PRIVATE COP's bullet-ridden face trapped near t doorway -- to puddles of blood and a lonely .44 Magnum lying on t hallway carpet. -- down the blood-specked stairs on which lies a nickle- plated .38 Smith and Wesson Special -- to the foot of the stairs where SPORT's body is hunche over a pool of blood and a small .32 lies near his hand -- to CROWDS huddled around the doorway, held back by POL
26) 7) dialog: (smiles)
26) 10) text: Hey Travis, I think you gota fare. They all turn.  P.O.V. of DOORMAN closing rear door of TRAVIS' taxi.
26) 11) dialog: Shit. (runs off)
26) 17) dialog: Hello, Betsy. There is an uneasy pause.
26) 18) dialog: I see where Palantine got the nomination.
26) 20) dialog: Well, I hope he wins. There is another pause.
26) 22) text: How are you, Travis?  I read about you in the papers.
26) 23) dialog: Oh, I got over that.  It was nothing, really.  The papers always blow these things up. (a beat)
26) 24) text: A little stiffness.  That'll go away.  I just sleep more, that's all. EXT. TRAVIS' taxi pulls up to 34 East 56th Street.
26) 25) dialog: Here we are. BETSY digs in her purse.
26) 28) dialog: (protesting)
26) 32) dialog: Yeah.
26) 34) dialog: (thin smile)
26) 35) text: Sure. BETSY steps away from the curb and TRAVIS drives off.  Sh watches his taxi. CAMERA FOLLOWS TRAVIS' taxi as it slowly disappears down 56th Street.