3) 0) text: as the Bosses (BOSS PAUL and BOSS HIGGINS) motion for the the other Newmeat (to be known as TRAMP, ALIBI, and TATTO stumble into each other and jostle Luke in their eagernes to obey orders.
3) 4) dialog: It was an accident. I've never been  in any trouble.
7) 5) dialog: It wasn't his fault. Nobody said  anything about seats. We --
7) 30) text: He continues to call cards as we PAN AWAY and DOWN the bu showing Alibi writing a letter, Loudmouth Steve reading a sex book, STUPID BLONDIE working a rattleskin wallet, SAI removing his pants through his chains, CHIEF rolling  cigarettes, etc.
7) 53) dialog: as, still asleep, he is unceremoniously dumped onto the f by Carr who goes right by. Pandemonium of rushing men all around.
9) 2) text: Luke stands, holding a strut in the roof and watching wit amusement as Tattoo is shoved away by Dragline, then Koko and then pushed from man to man as he tries to sit down b always finds a lap in the way. Bawdy laughter; it's a gam but earnest. As they settle Tattoo winds up on the floor grins, understands, finds a place beside Tramp. Across th way Alibi begins a serious conversation with Blind Dick.
9) 3) dialog: (nervously) Where are we going now?
9) 5) dialog: (uncertainly smiling) I'm a salesman. I used to drive these  roads all the time. I never thought --  it was an accident, car skidded,  maybe I'd had a drink or two --
9) 18) dialog: We work down in the ditch?
9) 32) dialog: I'll make it a dollar.
9) 34) dialog: (apologetically to  Tramp, Tattoo) I've got this weak heart. Too much  drinking, I guess. As soon as they  find out about it, they'll probably  send me someplace else.
11) 0) text: The guards for the day are: Paul, Kean, Higgins and Godfr As the men move through the line for tools, Alibi approac Boss Paul:
11) 1) dialog: Boss, I made an arrangement with  that man to take his broom.
11) 3) dialog: I don't think you understand. We  made a deal ---
11) 5) dialog: (in pain) But I made this arrangement --
11) 7) text: Alibi sees the light, accepts a shovel and walks off  resentfully to where the others are working, casting hurt angry looks at Koko and Society who ignore him.
12) 4) dialog: (hopelessly) I got two years.
13) 0) text: as they are counting in through the gate, their hats with their personal possessions in them held out to be inspect their pockets turned out. A guard frisks them quickly but efficiently. The Captain stands nearby ignoring them, tes a golf swing. The men move to the mess hall, most of them the run. Luke moves painfully with exhaustion. Alibi seem quiet and cowed, lost in the crowd. They fall into a line the mess hall door. Dynamite, his spoon out, moves to the front of the line and Luke winds up somewhere near the re
13) 2) text: Alibi looks around, fearfully steps out, peering up and d the line, wondering.
13) 4) text: Alibi is led to the box. A light stands about it shining  down into it and it always burns when the box is ready to used or when there's someone inside. Now a nightshirt is  laid out on top of it. Alibi strips and puts on the pajam Boss Kean opens the heavy lid of the box and we see it is grilled with heavy chain link fencing and with strap iron bars. A chamber pot is put inside. Alibi stands in the bo looking back at them, then lies down out of sight. The li is slammed shut.
16) 54) dialog: It's not your fault. He's just too  big.
18) 7) dialog: (nervously) What's the deal?
18) 36) dialog: (to Sleepy) Roll it!
19) 8) dialog: My wife hasn't been here for a month.  She must be sick again. She's had  this condition of the liver for...
22) 1) dialog: I guess they have to close those  things, or we'd drown. But it's really  suffocating.
24) 4) dialog: Nobody said nothin' about that!
26) 2) dialog: You're peeling his eggs!
26) 47) dialog: Carr? What's the time?
40) 2) dialog: (toasting) Happy Fourth of July.
40) 4) dialog: Boy, if anyone had told me where I  was going to be spending Independence  Day... (shakes his head)
53) 36) dialog: And then...?
58) 26) dialog: He's probably a salesman. You can  make pretty good money if you know  what your doing in selling.
69) 2) text: He stumbles toward his bunk, passing Tattoo and Alibi who turn away embarrassed.