20) 0) text: By the picnic table set up for visitors. In far b.g., we Luke come out of the door and start across the yard towar the gate, where he is shaken down and permitted to exit,  moving down to the table. A few feet from the end of the  table, Boss Godfrey sits in a kitchen chair, his hands  discreetly crossed over the pistol in his lap. His mirror eyes play over the scene. Loudmouth Steve, his MOTHER -- desperately fortyish blonde -- and a couple of other pris and visitors occupy the background. Parked next to the ta is a truck. In the bed lies Luke's mother, ARLETTA. She i propped up on pillows and wedged in for traveling. The whole back is set up as for a chronic invalid, everyt within reach, etc. She smokes incessantly. Nearby, Luke's BROTHER and his nephew, JOHN-BOY, a kid of twelve, enormo impressed with the sights and the guns and dogs, etc.
20) 5) dialog: Helen, she sent along your things  with a note, and John here, he wrote  to the police.
20) 9) dialog: I allus hoped to see you well fixed  and have me a crop of grandkids to  kiss and fuss around with.
20) 11) dialog: Sometimes I wisht people was like  dogs, Luke. Comes a time, a day like,  when the bitch just don't recognize  her pups no more, so she don't have  no hopes nor love to bring her pain.  She just don't give a damn. They let  you smoke?
20) 15) dialog: No it hain't, Luke. You ain't alone.  Ever whar you go, I'm with you, and  so's John.
20) 17) dialog: We allus thought you was strong enough  to carry it. Was we wrong?
20) 20) dialog: Well, I don't know, I just wash my  hands of it, I guess I just got to  love you and let go.
20) 23) dialog: What are you doin' here?
20) 25) dialog: I ain't askin' what you'll do after  you get out, because I'm gonna be  dead and it don't matter.
20) 28) dialog: Oh, I had me some high old times.  Yore old man, Luke, wasn't much for  stickin' around, but damn it he made  me laugh.
20) 31) dialog: He'd... He'd of... broke you up.
20) 33) dialog: You think life is some kind of ocean  voyage and you start out with buntin'  and hollerin' and high hopes, but  the damn ship goes down before you  ever reach the other side. Luke?
20) 35) dialog: What went wrong?
20) 37) dialog: No.
20) 39) text: Arletta is looking hard into his eyes as he speaks. She  reaches out to him again...
20) 40) dialog: You allus had good jobs, and that  girl in Kentucky I taken a shine to  her.
20) 42) dialog: Well, why not? Idee of marryin' got  you all choked up, trying to pretend  you was respectable you was borin'  the hell out of all of us.
20) 44) dialog: I'm leavin' the place to John.
20) 46) dialog: Nothin' to do with it. I ain't never  give John the kind of feelin' I give  you, so I'm payin' him off now. Don't  feel you got to say anything. Way it  is, sometimes, you just have a feelin'  for a child or you don't, and with  John I just didn't.
20) 49) dialog: (recovering) Laugh it up, kid. You'll make out.