4) 8) text: As Luke shrugs the chute bursts open and the Bull Gang ru in, men trying to get hands clean, urinate and get back o into the chowline. Sudden LOUD CHAOS. The Newmeat are sea on the bench, bewildered, except Luke who grins. Koko spi the Newmeat and is unhappy that there are only four.
12) 0) text: as it is opened from the outside. Tramp sits up against t bench, still in rocky shape from his collapse. The others step over him as though he weren't there. Luke appears, l a sleepwalker. He grabs the side rails, gets one foot up tries to pull himself over the edge of the truck body. Bu the muscles are just used up. Boss Paul sees this and giv Luke a kick, timed so that it coincides with his jump. It gives him just the added momentum needed to send him over the edge of the body and sprawling along the floor. He's last one and as the guards lock them up, he grins up at  Dragline and Gambler from his prone position.
18) 1) text: SHOOTING THROUGH cage truck, as it moves swiftly along, t landscape a blur of shadows and racing phone poles, etc., the men shadows slouched on their benches inside.
26) 9) text: The champion enters and the talk dies. He's naked from th waist. He does some side-straddle hops and deep-knee bend His stomach is markedly concave. He, drying himself from shower, walks to the fragment of mirror on the wall and c his hair, studies his image a second and, at last ready,  moves to the table and sits down.
54) 0) text: It is a rutted country road with farms on both sides. Luk appears, a filthy wide-eyed, stumbling, bearded beast in  filthy uniform and chains. PAN with him past sharecropper village of ramshackle huts, rusted junk. An OLD NEGRO WOM sees Luke and goes inside, closing the door. PAN with him a General Store where an OLD NEGRO MAN watching, quickly  retreats inside leaving only two small Negro boys (BEN an LAWRENCE) staring at Luke as he shambles toward them.
54) 2) dialog: How do you take your pants off?
54) 7) text: He's off, running toward a house. In the distance now, we hear the dogs baying, coming closer. Luke smiles at Ben.
54) 9) dialog: Ben. (a beat) Had'n you better take them stripes  off your pants?
54) 12) text: Ben rockets off and Luke turns to see Lawrence, strugglin mightily, attempting to bring the axe over his head and d on the chains.
54) 16) text: Lawrence cries and stomps unhappily, clouding up dust as  Luke severs the chain from one shackle. Ben APPEARS with armload of spices.
54) 17) dialog: Here's them spices. (looks at Lawrence,  crying, stomping) What's wrong with him?