1) 24) text: Society is checking his yoyo edge with a file, covertly  watching a passing car. Blind Dick sneaks a look, then du
7) 1) text: The men are preparing for their hour of free time. Gamble has layed out the blanket for the poker game and is shuff cards. Koko and BLIND DICK have their seats, are arrangin their piles of change. Luke sits at the other end of the  table, past the blanket line. Dragline who has been talki to the Wicker Man now enters casually as we HEAR Dynamite change in hand, moving to the game berating Tramp.
9) 2) text: Luke stands, holding a strut in the roof and watching wit amusement as Tattoo is shoved away by Dragline, then Koko and then pushed from man to man as he tries to sit down b always finds a lap in the way. Bawdy laughter; it's a gam but earnest. As they settle Tattoo winds up on the floor grins, understands, finds a place beside Tramp. Across th way Alibi begins a serious conversation with Blind Dick.
9) 15) dialog: (to Alibi) Man's never the same. Makes him lose  his sex drive.
9) 40) dialog: (to Luke) Show you the clippings some time.  News-Dispatch called me "The Shiek  of Simmonsville." Five broads in  three days...
11) 26) dialog: (low voice) Nice broad. Good set.
14) 42) dialog: Nice broad. Nice set.
14) 55) dialog: Nice broad. Good set.
14) 65) dialog: Lookit her bounce.
14) 75) dialog: Oh rub.
14) 85) dialog: She don't even know what she's doin!.
17) 0) text: The poker game. Five card stud. Playing are Gambler, Koko Dynamite, Blind Dick and Luke, bandaged. The mood of the  barracks is quieter than usual. The men are still assessi the fight, uncertain as to who now is their leader, looki toward Dragline for an indication. Not playing, Dragline  lies on his bunk behind Koko, sullenly reading a sex book Gambler deals the third cards.
17) 3) text: Dynamite is already out. Blind Dick now folds.
17) 34) dialog: Gotta have kings.
18) 15) text: Dragline, Dynamite, Gambler, Tattoo, Loudmouth Steve, Ali Sleepy, Stupid Blondie and Chief cross over, leaving Luke Koko, Society Red, Tramp, Babalugats, Blind Dick, Mechani and Sailor. The tar truck begins to move slowly down the  road, spreading a black, hot, acrid wake behind it.
18) 34) dialog: (to Society Red) Go hard!
22) 31) dialog: You're gonna kill him.
24) 9) dialog: Fair's fair.
26) 29) dialog: He don't look good.
40) 10) text: The singers and music-makers around Luke finish their son reaching a high, piercing, noisy crescendo. At the same t Dragline has been reading another sex book to Stupid Blon Blind Dick and Chief who are trying to act out the  description, tying themselves into an intricate anatomica knot.
53) 30) dialog: You steal a car?
58) 20) dialog: The blonde's gotta better set.
58) 28) dialog: He's probably a gigolo.
59) 11) dialog: Dragline! Be a buddy!
59) 54) dialog: Yeah. Did you have them both at once  or --
61) 0) text: The poker game is in progress: Dragline, Koko, Blind Dick Gambler, Tattoo with Tramp behind him. Society Red stands the window, looking out as he brushes his hair.