1) 7) dialog: Yeah, take it off, Dragline!
1) 17) dialog: Awright, drink it up, Gambler. Water  'em, Rabbit.
1) 26) dialog: You eyeballin' there, Society?
11) 36) dialog: Blondie... Sleepy! Git him afore he  falls.
11) 40) dialog: Awright, let's eat them beans!
11) 54) dialog: Awright, Blondie. Take it behind  that tree.
13) 4) text: Alibi is led to the box. A light stands about it shining  down into it and it always burns when the box is ready to used or when there's someone inside. Now a nightshirt is  laid out on top of it. Alibi strips and puts on the pajam Boss Kean opens the heavy lid of the box and we see it is grilled with heavy chain link fencing and with strap iron bars. A chamber pot is put inside. Alibi stands in the bo looking back at them, then lies down out of sight. The li is slammed shut.
20) 0) text: By the picnic table set up for visitors. In far b.g., we Luke come out of the door and start across the yard towar the gate, where he is shaken down and permitted to exit,  moving down to the table. A few feet from the end of the  table, Boss Godfrey sits in a kitchen chair, his hands  discreetly crossed over the pistol in his lap. His mirror eyes play over the scene. Loudmouth Steve, his MOTHER -- desperately fortyish blonde -- and a couple of other pris and visitors occupy the background. Parked next to the ta is a truck. In the bed lies Luke's mother, ARLETTA. She i propped up on pillows and wedged in for traveling. The whole back is set up as for a chronic invalid, everyt within reach, etc. She smokes incessantly. Nearby, Luke's BROTHER and his nephew, JOHN-BOY, a kid of twelve, enormo impressed with the sights and the guns and dogs, etc.
20) 13) text: Boss Godfrey nods. He lights cigarettes for her and for  himself.
31) 7) text: They are watching him slip on the nightshirt. Boss Kean o the box.
31) 8) dialog: (to Luke) Ah'm jus' doin' mah job, Luke. You  gotta appreciate that.
37) 0) text: Laundry boy and machines in b.g. as Boss Kean and Boss Se go to the box. Boss Seven carries Luke's shoes and a fres cleaned set of state issues. The men turn.
39) 1) dialog: (gently) She's in the ground now, Luke. Best  forget about it. You got a day ana  half lay-in... and tomorrow's a  holiday.
53) 42) dialog: Ah hears tell you don't believe in  no God, Luke. Ah was wonderin' how  come a nice lookin' feller like you  come to get put on the Hard Road.  But now ah reckons ah knows. Ah been  on the Road Gang for twenny-two year,  Luke, and in all that time I ain't  never killed no white man but I ain't  afeerd to cause a body has to do his  work. And I ain't never seen no man  that wasn't afeerd to die neither.
53) 44) text: Boss Kean is stunned.
53) 45) dialog: (slow, dangerous) Awright, Luke. Thas okay... You go  on up there in them trees. Man's  gotta have some privacy sometime.  But you grab a bush and keep shakin'  it, hear? Jes' so we know you're  there. Jes' keep shakin' that bush.
53) 58) text: Boss Kean appears, looking down and off. CAMERA ADJUSTS s we see what he sees: a piece of kite string tied to the b and leading off into the brush.
53) 59) dialog: Damn!
53) 61) dialog: He's gone! Git the dogs!
59) 17) text: Activity as the men dig out coins to purchase drinks. Dra pulls out the magazine and the men all gather round, gazi into it as though it were a crystal ball. Suddenly the wi door slams open and as the men look up... THEIR P.O.V. Luke is dumped to the floor, face down, unconscious, by B Paul, Boss Kean, others. The Captain is standing there ov him. Luke wears a new prison uniform and two sets of chai
63) 9) text: Boss Paul canes him and the other prisoners scatter. Boss Kean throws a shovel at Luke's feet.
66) 0) text: Luke works. From inside we HEAR the music from the prison Boss Paul and Boss Kean appear.
66) 7) dialog: What was that? What was that name  you said, Luke?
70) 32) dialog: (from another truck) He's taken the keys. He's got the  keys!