2) 3) text: He hands the papers to the CAPTAIN, a small man with a ki face but a firm, set mouth who always carries a golf club In b.g. the bloodhounds are YOWLING:
2) 7) text: The Captain has been ignoring this, watching the prisoner looking at their records.
3) 2) text: The Newmeat jostle into line. They are wearing State Issu gray pants and their own Free World shirts. All except Lu carry a paper bag or cigar box containing their wordly go All except Luke look apprehensive, worried. Luke stands w languid grace, neither insolent nor hostile, nor fearful. The Bus Guard hands Boss Paul a folder that contains reco as the Captain approaches from his porch.
3) 3) dialog: What did they bring us today? Gibson.  A 507, Manslaughter. Good for a two  spot.
3) 6) dialog: (to next man) Edgar Potter. A 302 and resisting  arrest. One year.
3) 12) dialog: This man is gonna make us proud of  him, Mr. Hunnicutt. (moving on) Raymond Pratt.
3) 14) dialog: Breakin', enterin' and assault. Five  spot. Hmmm. Able-bodied seaman.
3) 16) dialog: Maybe. (turning to Luke) Lucas Jackson.
3) 18) dialog: Maliciously destroyin' municipal  property while under the influence.  What was that?
3) 20) dialog: Well, we ain't never had one of them.  Where'd you think that was gonna get  you?
3) 22) dialog: (looking at record) Says here you done real good in the  war: Silver Star, Bronze Star, couple  Purple Hearts. Sergeant! Little time  in stockades. Come out the same way  you went in: Buck Private.
3) 24) dialog: (staring at him) Well, you got yourself some time  now. Two years. Hell, that ain't  much, we got coupla men here doin'  twenty spots. We got one who's got  all of it. We got all kinds and you  gonna fit in real good. Course in  case you git rabbit in your blood  and decide to take off fer home, you  git a bonus a some time and couple  leg chains to keep you slowed down a  little -- fer your own good. You'll  learn the rules. It's all up to you.  I can be a good guy or I can be one  mean son-of-a-bitch, it's up to you.
13) 0) text: as they are counting in through the gate, their hats with their personal possessions in them held out to be inspect their pockets turned out. A guard frisks them quickly but efficiently. The Captain stands nearby ignoring them, tes a golf swing. The men move to the mess hall, most of them the run. Luke moves painfully with exhaustion. Alibi seem quiet and cowed, lost in the crowd. They fall into a line the mess hall door. Dynamite, his spoon out, moves to the front of the line and Luke winds up somewhere near the re
16) 62) dialog: as he gets up and walks down to the wire where he can see what is happening. The silence disturbs him.
16) 69) dialog: concerned.
31) 3) dialog: Luke, fall out.
31) 4) text: Luke steps forward, pulls off his shirt and jacket. He st behind the latticework screen to take off his pants as th Captain speaks.
41) 1) text: as guards come running from the Captain's house, the dogs HOWLING.
49) 0) text: The men are coming out of the mess hall, washing their sp about to line up for inspection. A Highway Patrol car pul up outside the gate; from the back seat comes the yipping dogs. Every head turns. The Captain moves from his rocker and starts down the porch. Boss Paul and Godfrey move tow the car.
53) 0) text: The car pulls up beside the guards and the door opens. Th Captain steps up to the road edge and looks down. He says something to Boss Paul.
53) 5) dialog: (to Luke) You gonna get used to wearing them  chains aftera while, Luke. But don't  you never stop listenin' to them  clinkin'. That's gonna remind you of  what I been sayin'.
53) 7) text: The Captain feeds his fury staring, then reaches out his  hand and Boss Paul lays the blackjack in it. As the chain guards finish and stand up, trembling with rage, the Capt takes a convulsive step forward and brings the sap down b Luke's ear. As Luke tumbles down the littered embankment  toward the men:
53) 8) dialog: Don't you never talk that way to me!  You hear? You hear? Never!
53) 10) dialog: (to the men) What we got here is a failure to  communicate. Some men you can't reach,  that is they just don't listen when  you talk reasonable so you get what  we had here last week, which is the  way he wants it, well he gets it,  and I don't like it any better than  you men.
53) 11) text: Nodding curtly, the Captain gets back in his car. Someone throws a shovel down the embankment. It CLATTERS until it lands beside Luke. Dragline and the others are by his sid helping him to his feet. Above Godfrey stares down at the
59) 17) text: Activity as the men dig out coins to purchase drinks. Dra pulls out the magazine and the men all gather round, gazi into it as though it were a crystal ball. Suddenly the wi door slams open and as the men look up... THEIR P.O.V. Luke is dumped to the floor, face down, unconscious, by B Paul, Boss Kean, others. The Captain is standing there ov him. Luke wears a new prison uniform and two sets of chai
59) 18) dialog: (to Luke) You run one time, you got yourself a  set of chains. You run twice, you  got two sets. You ain't gonna need  no third set because you're gonna  get your mind right... And I mean  right.
59) 20) dialog: Take a good look at your Cool Hand  Luke.
59) 24) text: As the Captain turns and walks out past the guards who fo and the wicket chute CLANGS shut, Dragline, Koko and othe move forward and gently lift Luke onto the poker table.
68) 3) text: The Captain steps in -- out of the dark. He has been watc from his porch.
68) 4) dialog: Okay, son. Go get shaved and cleaned  up and get you some sleep. I reckon  you need it.
76) 0) text: ON guards and police, FEATURING Godfrey, who holds his sm rifle. There are confused SHOUTS and movements by the  sheriffs, but the Captain and the prison guards only look toward Godfrey, then turn away, stoic.
78) 3) dialog: I'm takin' him to the prison hospital.
78) 5) dialog: Git outa the way. He's ours.
78) 6) text: as he is brought past Dragline, who is being held by seve guards. Tears stream down Dragline's cheeks. Luke looks a him, still smiling as he is pushed into the Captain's car