2) 3) text: He hands the papers to the CAPTAIN, a small man with a ki face but a firm, set mouth who always carries a golf club In b.g. the bloodhounds are YOWLING:
3) 2) text: The Newmeat jostle into line. They are wearing State Issu gray pants and their own Free World shirts. All except Lu carry a paper bag or cigar box containing their wordly go All except Luke look apprehensive, worried. Luke stands w languid grace, neither insolent nor hostile, nor fearful. The Bus Guard hands Boss Paul a folder that contains reco as the Captain approaches from his porch.
4) 0) text: Bare, unpainted wood. The windows are barred and covered  with chain link. The door from the barracks up to the com passes a small area enclosed by a woven metal strap cage. this usually sits the WICKER MAN, whom we generally see a heavy, short shape moving about his own business which is making an endless series of rings or jewelry by hammering coins with the back of a heavy spoon. The door to the barracks locks by the tongue of a strap i bar that is thrust through a hole in the wicker where the Wicker Man locks it by padlock. Thus he can always see th but they can't reach him. The single big room is filled w two and even three-tiered bunks. Bare bulbs hang from the ceiling. CARR, the floorwalker, a 240 pound behemoth, is indoctrin the Newmeat while they change into camp clothing: gray tw trousers, shirt and jacket, all numbered, which has been  piled on the table. Carr squeegees up and down, a restles man, and CAMERA in following him SHOWS us the room. At th same time, the Wicker Man is moving about the barracks,  tapping the floors and bunk posts with a broom handle for signs of tampering. Carr pays no attention to him, addres the Newmeat.
4) 1) dialog: Them clothes has got laundry numbers  on 'em. You remember your number and  always wear the ones that has your  number. Any man forgets his number  spends a night in the box. (passing out spoons) This yere spoon you keep with you  and any man loses his spoon spends a  night in the box. There is no playing  grabass or fighting in the building.  You got a grudge against another man  you can fight him Saturday afternoon.  Any man playing grabass or fighting  in the building spends a night in  the box. First bell is at five minutes  of eight when you will get in your  bunk and last bell is at eight...
4) 3) dialog: (continuing) Any man not in his bunk at eight  will spend a night in the box. There  is no smoking in prone position in  bed. To smoke you must have both  legs over the side of your bunk.  Anyone caught smoking in prone  position will spend a night in the  box. You get two sheets. Every  Saturday you put the clean sheet on  the top, the top sheet on the bottom  and the bottom sheet you turn in to  the Laundry Boy. Any man who turns  in the wrong sheet spends a night in  the box. No one will sit on the bunks  with dirty pants on. Any man sitting  on a bunk with dirty pants will spend  a night in the box. Any man who don't  bring back his empty pop bottles  spends a night in the box.
4) 5) dialog: (continuing) Any man loudtalking spends a night  in the box. You got questions you  come to me. (attentive now) I'm Carr, the floorwalker. I'm  responsible for order in here and  any man that don't keep order...
4) 7) dialog: ...spends a night in the box. (to Luke, sincerely) I hope you ain't gonna be a hardcase.
4) 13) dialog: Awright, let's move it along!
4) 17) dialog: Well, what are you doin' here? You  supposed to be eatin' them beans!
6) 0) text: The men are being shaken down before entering the barrack for the night. They sit and take off their shoes. They em their pockets into their caps. Carr inspects shoes, throw them inside door, frisks men who stand with backs turned, arms raised. Then Carr mutters a number.
7) 33) dialog: First bell!
7) 36) dialog: Last bell. Last bell.
7) 37) text: Carr moves down the aisle, counting lips moving. The barr is silent. Finishing the count, Carr goes to the Wicker.
7) 38) dialog: Fifty, Boss.
7) 43) dialog: Yeeahp.
7) 46) text: He rolls over and goes to sleep. SOUND OVER: Carr squeege along, the CREAK of the bunks as men toss and turn, the W RUNNING in the toilets, the DOGS BARKING a little outside
7) 49) dialog: He sits at the poker table. The sound has dropped now in depth of the night, the chink, chink of the Wicker man  stopped. Carr simply sits staring at his half-finished ga of solitaire, a card in his hand, his eyes seeing somethi far distant. He's breathing but he could be carved of sto
7) 51) text: All others sleeping. Carr at poker table. Suddenly the cl of the iron bar is HEARD.
7) 52) dialog: First bell! First bell! Let's go!
7) 54) text: Carr is barring the gate with his body. The door outside unlocked and opened. The gong SOUNDS. Carr opens the gate steps outside to the porch and the men begin counting out
14) 1) dialog: Awright, first bell! Let's hit them  bunks!
14) 20) dialog: Awright, last bell!
14) 22) dialog: (continuing) Forty-nine and one in the box, Boss!
14) 58) text: Heads pop up again as the blonde comes out of the house, dressed in a short house dress, carrying a radio, a pail a sponge. She is clearly buxom. She goes to the outside  faucet, fills the bucket and drags the attached hose towa the car.
16) 1) dialog: Awright, last bell.
16) 2) text: Carr paces, counting. Beds SQUEAK as men turn restlessly, unable to get comfortable. At the far end of the barracks slow-turning fan CREAKS gratingly. It will continue to do throughout the scene, adding irritation to Carr's SQUEEGE steps and the regular SQUEAKING of bedsprings.
16) 12) text: as Carr paces, SQUEEGEEING. The fan CREAKS. Springs SQUEA
16) 13) dialog: Yeahhpp.
16) 21) text: Carr pacing. SQUEEGEEING, the fan CREAKING, springs SQUEA
16) 23) dialog: Yeahhp.
24) 13) text: All of this is overlapping: Dragline walks through them  carrying the pile and cup of salts passed out from the Wi ignoring it all.
25) 0) text: JABO, the cook, is lowering the sacks of eggs into huge p of boiling water. Carr stands by with a watch, timing. Ou the open door are Dragline, Dynamite and Gambler watching tensely.
26) 11) text: Dragline jumps up and gives a second's rubdown to Luke's  shoulders. There is a flurry of last minute betting, and  then silence. Everybody gathered around. Luke shuffles hi feet, twitches his toes. One egg from the pile is peeled in front of him. Carr waits, his eyes on his wrist watch, his other hand up in the air, and all eyes rest on that h All eyes drop as the hand drops. Dragline grabs eggs and  peels them, his fingers flickering, the shells flying. Lu picks up the peeled egg and eats it in a gulp.
26) 48) dialog: Twenty-four minutes to go.
26) 57) dialog: Six minutes to go, Dragline.
26) 63) dialog: Two minutes to time...
26) 66) dialog: One minute, thirty seconds.
26) 70) dialog: One minute, fifty-five... fifty...  forty-five... etc.
26) 74) dialog: Fifteen, ten, nine, eight, seven...  six...
26) 76) dialog: One... zero!
30) 9) text: Carr finishes reading and we FOLLOW HIM as he walks to th table.
30) 12) text: Carr sets the telegram on the table next to Luke.
30) 13) dialog: Sorry, Luke.
30) 18) dialog: as Luke continues playing softly. He walks down to the ot end of the barracks, too.
33) 2) text: The figures of Boss Paul and Boss Seven go to the box. Se carries Luke's food. INT. BOX PAUL'S P.O.V. as it is opened. The dimness of the overhead bulb illumin Luke.
36) 0) text: Boss Paul, carrying a shotgun, and Boss Seven are opening the box. In b.g. the tire rim SOUNDS.
37) 0) text: Laundry boy and machines in b.g. as Boss Kean and Boss Se go to the box. Boss Seven carries Luke's shoes and a fres cleaned set of state issues. The men turn.
40) 8) dialog: as the tire iron SOUNDS and SOUNDS again to be heard over the din.
40) 9) dialog: First bell! Let's git to bed. You  done had your fun.
40) 12) text: He wriggles, panting with eye-popping pleasure, attractin Carr's attention. Stupid Blondie, Rabbit and Chief are st trying to untie themselves.
40) 14) dialog: What you got there, Drag? You bought  yourself another of them dirty books?
40) 15) text: Intrigued, Carr sits down on Dragline's bunk and follows  Dragline's finger pointing out the lascivious parts. He i quickly absorbed.
40) 20) text: Carr reads intently.
40) 25) dialog: Awright, last bell!
40) 26) text: The men are in their bunks, Carr begins to make his count As he comes to Tatto's bunk:
40) 28) text: Carr rushes to the window.
40) 29) dialog: Somebody's on the fence, boss!
41) 5) text: Carr has been tearing a sheet off Luke's bed.
41) 6) dialog: Jackson. He cut a hole in the floor,  Boss.
58) 0) text: It is Saturday afternoon. Carr is distributing mail and  packages, the men clustered around; others lying on bunks making wallets, etc.
58) 1) dialog: Magazines for you, Dragline!
58) 4) text: He looks at the package. Carr has tossed on his bunk.
58) 6) text: He has torn open the package, looks through the magazines which are movie fan books, lies back to flip the pages. I b.g. Carr is continuing the mail call. Suddenly Dragline' eyes widen, his mouth opens, but he catches himself and c it before he has revealed himself.
58) 11) text: Dragline suddenly realizes the danger and closes the book Carr and the Wicker Man don't catch on. The others reluct move away. Dragline casually hands the magazine to Societ Red.
58) 18) text: He looks over at Carr but Carr has moved away, is talking the Wicker Man, his back to the men. Koko, Loudmouth Stev Gambler and the others hurriedly cluster around Dragline. Their voices are eager intense whispers.
59) 33) text: Carr moves off to his canteen area.
63) 21) text: Shorty is carrying a hoe handle with which he hits Luke o the head. Luke slumps to the ground.