1) 5) dialog: He is a giant, covered with sweat and dust. He starts to  pull off his shirt.
1) 6) dialog: Takin' it off here, Boss!
4) 10) dialog: (pushing both aside) Get outa mah way you don't want a  wet pocket!
4) 14) text: as the flow of bodies reverses and the men stampede for t chute, going out, adjusting clothing, etc. Dragline shove Loudmouth Steve along.
4) 15) dialog: Fill your loudmouth with some beans!
5) 2) text: Dragline looks up, goes back to his food. There is an off stage CRASH.
7) 1) text: The men are preparing for their hour of free time. Gamble has layed out the blanket for the poker game and is shuff cards. Koko and BLIND DICK have their seats, are arrangin their piles of change. Luke sits at the other end of the  table, past the blanket line. Dragline who has been talki to the Wicker Man now enters casually as we HEAR Dynamite change in hand, moving to the game berating Tramp.
7) 6) dialog: (to Tramp) You gotta mind your manners, you  actin' like a hillbilly tramp.
7) 8) text: Dragline nods.
7) 12) dialog: Fasten your flap! All you Newmeats  gonna have to shape up fast and hard  on this gang. We got rules here an'  in order to learn them, you gotta  keep your ears open and your mouths  shut.
7) 15) dialog: looking up as if he has just heard a strange sound.
7) 16) dialog: Somebody say somethin'?
7) 18) dialog: Well, whatta we got here?
7) 21) dialog: (to Luke) Maybe we oughta call you No-Ears.  You don't listen much, do you, boy?
7) 25) dialog: Wouldn't surprise me none. (to Luke) Wicker Man says you got a hundred- twenny and some change in the  Captain's safe and you got your five  dollars pocket money... That'll buy  you a whole fistfull of cards. You  in or out?
7) 28) text: Dragline just stares after Luke.
9) 2) text: Luke stands, holding a strut in the roof and watching wit amusement as Tattoo is shoved away by Dragline, then Koko and then pushed from man to man as he tries to sit down b always finds a lap in the way. Bawdy laughter; it's a gam but earnest. As they settle Tattoo winds up on the floor grins, understands, finds a place beside Tramp. Across th way Alibi begins a serious conversation with Blind Dick.
9) 29) dialog: (to Koko) You was to sell your job, maybe this  Lucas War Hero would give you a price.
9) 37) dialog: Oh we got our sources... Tearing the  heads off... what was it... gumball  machines? What kind of thing is that  for a grown man?
9) 43) dialog: Hey, Koko. You hear that? All this  time I been thinkin' Society just  come here for the sun and exercise.
9) 45) dialog: (to Luke who is smiling) Whatta you so happy about?
11) 14) dialog: He is whipping away with apparently effortless ease but  accomplishing more than the others.
11) 16) text: He is suffering along, sweat pouring off him. The sun is  beginning to really beat down now. Dragline works a littl behind him.
11) 17) dialog: Takin' it off here, Boss!
11) 23) dialog: (sotto voce) Hey, turn around! Let Koko see the  broad.
11) 28) dialog: (hissing) Hey, Tattoo!
11) 34) dialog: Man bearcaught, boss!
11) 38) dialog: He is watching Luke, who is very close to the same fate.  Although he has achieved some grace, it is apparent that  Luke is working too strenuously, too determined.
11) 45) dialog: (eyeing Luke, to  Gambler) Cold drink he don't make it.
11) 47) text: Babalugats grins. Dragline has his chow, passes Luke.
11) 48) dialog: (whispering) You got to snag it, man. You got to  stop foolin' around and tear up them  weeds.
12) 0) text: as it is opened from the outside. Tramp sits up against t bench, still in rocky shape from his collapse. The others step over him as though he weren't there. Luke appears, l a sleepwalker. He grabs the side rails, gets one foot up tries to pull himself over the edge of the truck body. Bu the muscles are just used up. Boss Paul sees this and giv Luke a kick, timed so that it coincides with his jump. It gives him just the added momentum needed to send him over the edge of the body and sprawling along the floor. He's last one and as the guards lock them up, he grins up at  Dragline and Gambler from his prone position.
12) 5) dialog: Only two? Man, I already done eight.  Nothin' to it. Just make the days  and let the weeks and the years make  themselves.
12) 10) dialog: (knowledgeably) She looks just like a lil girl I  useta know named Louise Merryweather.  Fine lil ol' girl, always partial to  home-made whiskey. Remember one time  down in the cellar, both of us knee- walkin' drunk and ah had this lil  pint and Louise wanted a poke of it.  So ah said: you wanna poke and I  wanna poke, so...
14) 3) dialog: Plumb busted out. Looks like the  hard road finally got to Mister Lucas  War Hero.
14) 14) dialog: Course not. He ain't in the box 'cause  a the joke played on him. He's there  'cause he back sassed a Free Man.  They got their rules and we ain't  got nothing to do with that. Woulda  probably happened to him sooner or  later, to a complainer like him.  He's gotta learn the rules same as  anybody else.
14) 16) dialog: You tryin' to say somethin'?
14) 18) dialog: (to his back) You jus' keep flapping your mouth  and one of these times, you and me  gonna raise a little dust.
14) 25) text: He is tanned and hardened now, and has mastered the work  rhythm. SHOT WIDENS to show Dragline near him, checking h shovel for nicks but really eyeballing a passing car. In ditch, Luke expertly scoops up a shovel full of sand and, levering the handle on his knee, flips the sand through t air so it hits spang in the pan of Dragline's shovel whil Dragline is still eyeballing. It knocks him off balance a by the time he has caught up, Luke is already catching hi with another shovel full.
14) 26) dialog: Slow down, man. They ain't passing  out medals for slinging dirt.
14) 28) text: Dragline grins at this insouciance, sneaks a look down th road. He digs into his pocket and hauls out a pair of sal sunglasses, which he holds up.
14) 29) dialog: Puttin' 'em on here, Boss!
14) 31) text: as Dragline hooks on the glasses. Luke, Tattoo and Tramp working around here.
14) 34) dialog: (to Koko) Man, this here Newmeat parking meter  bandit thing what calls itself Luke  don't know nuthin' 'bout nuthin'.
14) 37) dialog: (to Tattoo) These is my eyeballin' glasses. Now  I'm gonna play peek-a-boo and ol'  Godfrey ain't gonna know if I'm  eyeballin' or tootin' the piccolo.
14) 39) dialog: (has been sniffing  the air) Ah believe I smell me a blonde-haired  lady.
14) 43) dialog: She looks just like Mrs. Patricia  Handy, a married woman... I useta  fool with. Man, I kin sniff blondes  from a hunnert yards and redheads  from a mile and a half.
14) 46) dialog: Long enough to see redhots come and  redhots go.
14) 54) dialog: I got eyes, don't I? How my not gonna  see something like that?
14) 60) dialog: Shut up, you loudmouth jerk!
14) 72) dialog: Lookit that little honeypot. Lookit  those legs.
14) 77) dialog: Rub!
14) 80) dialog: Look, she's got paint on her toenails!  Oh Lord, whatever I done, don't strike  me blind for 'nother couple minutes.  Oh you Lucille!
14) 83) dialog: (whirling) That'sa Lucille, you mullet head!  Any girl so innocent and built like  that gotta be named Lucille.
14) 87) dialog: Shut your mouth 'bout my Lucille.
14) 89) dialog: (glaring) Boy. You jus' asking to be handled!
16) 27) dialog: as Carr passes by. He speaks in a low whisper.
16) 28) dialog: Man, that lil Lucille was a lot of  lil girl.
16) 34) dialog: not paying attention.
16) 35) dialog: And down below, that thing didn't  reach no higher than... (chuckles) She liable to catch cold... runnin'  around like that.
16) 40) dialog: suddenly angry.
16) 41) dialog: Whatta you mean, forget it?
16) 44) dialog: his face corroding in fury as the RADIO SOUND and the  CREAKING, SQUEAKING and SQUEEGEEING are at an unbearable  peak.
16) 45) dialog: (with slow menace) Boy, you better get some sleep and  save your strength. 'Cause you're  gonna need it.
16) 51) text: showing Dragline similarly dressed. They are squared off the yard, surrounded by YELLING men who want blood. It is release from the sexual tension built up by the night bef The guards stand in the guard boxes, watching. The Captai sits up on his porch, so he can see without being too obv Luke gets up and manages a lunging right across to Dragli Adam's apple. Dragline is momentarily staggered but count with a terrible clubbing blow that mashes Luke's gloves i his face, knocking him to the ground. Time is called for round.
16) 58) text: circling. Luke has to get in his shot before Dragline get too close and clubs him again. He feints a punch that mov Dragline off-balance and winds up for a big one, but Drag smashes him backhand. Luke hits the dirt, the men SCREAM YELL. Wiping some blood from his mouth, Luke rises again. is dizzy. Dragline smacks him down again.
16) 61) dialog: Without relish, he pokes Luke down again. Now there is no cheering, no yelling, just silence.
16) 65) dialog: (low) Ommana pop you one easy. Stay down.
16) 66) text: He pops Luke who reels, goes down on a knee and then slow rises, rises. Dragline is honestly agonized.
16) 67) dialog: I'm gonna kill you, you go on...
16) 71) dialog: He raises his fists. But Luke is up again. Dragline reali he'll have to kill him to beat him. After a long moment,  Dragline drops his hands to his sides, looks back toward  Godfrey and the captain and then starts walking to the  barracks, fast.
17) 0) text: The poker game. Five card stud. Playing are Gambler, Koko Dynamite, Blind Dick and Luke, bandaged. The mood of the  barracks is quieter than usual. The men are still assessi the fight, uncertain as to who now is their leader, looki toward Dragline for an indication. Not playing, Dragline  lies on his bunk behind Koko, sullenly reading a sex book Gambler deals the third cards.
17) 11) text: Koko is worried. He looks at his hole card, considers, lo silence. Dragline looks over from his bunk.
17) 12) dialog: (to Koko) Whatcha got?
17) 14) dialog: I kin see that, brick head. I mean  your hole card.
17) 15) text: Koko hands it over his shoulder to Dragline, who now sits to consider the whole situation.
17) 16) dialog: (continuing) Uh-huh. And he ain't got nothing  showing. Raise his head off.
17) 18) dialog: So then you just call him.
17) 24) text: He looks up to Dragline for help.
17) 25) dialog: Kick him back a buck!
17) 29) text: Koko looks up to Dragline: What do we do now?
17) 30) dialog: Don't look at me, mullet-head.
17) 36) text: Koko looks back to Dragline.
17) 37) dialog: Man's got a paira kings, get your  tail out.
17) 38) text: Koko folds. Luke reaches for the pot at the same time tha Dragline reaches for Luke's cards.
17) 39) dialog: Nuthin'! A handfull of nuthin'! (cuffs Koko) You stupid mullet-head. He beat you  with nuthin'! Just like today when  he kept coming back at me.
17) 41) dialog: Cool Hand Luke.
17) 42) text: So saying, Dragline saves face and the baton of leadershi is passed.
18) 8) dialog: Tar truck.
18) 15) text: Dragline, Dynamite, Gambler, Tattoo, Loudmouth Steve, Ali Sleepy, Stupid Blondie and Chief cross over, leaving Luke Koko, Society Red, Tramp, Babalugats, Blind Dick, Mechani and Sailor. The tar truck begins to move slowly down the  road, spreading a black, hot, acrid wake behind it.
18) 26) dialog: Hey, buddy. Take it easy. You're  making me look bad.
18) 28) text: Dragline begins to work harder, digging and fanning, keep pace with Luke.
18) 31) dialog: Man wants speed, let's give it to  him. Use that shovel like you use  your spoon. Shag it, man!
18) 42) dialog: (to Luke) They don't know iff'n to smile, spit  or swallow.
18) 60) dialog: Where'd the road go?
18) 63) dialog: (checking the sun) 'Bout two hours left.
18) 68) dialog: Oh, Luke, you wild beautiful thing!  You crazy handful of nuthin'!
22) 4) text: The air is stifling, desultory. Out of boredom, Dragline  turns to Dynamite.
22) 5) dialog: You see mah skinny lid boy at chow  tonight. He was matching you plate  for plate.
22) 7) dialog: He had a spoon like yours, he'd make  you look like a possum [...] on a  tree bark.
22) 10) text: Dragline sits up and looks at him aggressively.
22) 11) dialog: What do you mean, Clarence? You  callin' me a liar?
22) 14) dialog: (proudly) He's the champeen hog-gut of this  camp. Hell, I seen him eat ten  choc'lat bars and seven cold drinks  in fifteen minutes. He kin eat busted  bottles and rusty nails, any damn  thing. If you'd so kindly oblige as  to let me cut off your yankee head,  he'd even eat that.
22) 16) text: They turn to look at him as though surprised to find him  there. Before Dragline can think he says...
22) 17) dialog: Nobody kin eat fifty eggs.
22) 19) dialog: (doubtfully, to Luke) You ever eat fifty eggs?
22) 22) dialog: Mah boy say he kin eat fifty eggs,  he'll eat fifty eggs.
22) 26) dialog: Two bucks.
22) 28) dialog: Awright, twenty bucks. Anything! The  Syndicate'll cover any money you  got. Koko, get paper.
22) 32) dialog: Getcha money, up. Gambler! Dynamite!  Everybody. Kokonut Head here is taking  the money. Loudmouth -- get it up!
22) 36) text: Men are all around Dragline and Koko now with money and  wagers. Koko is frantically scribbling.
22) 37) dialog: Koko, write down their names, don't  just make marks.
22) 39) dialog: You ever see mah boy throw up? Shut  your mouth and put up your money!
22) 40) text: Koko is on the floor now with Babalugats beside him, asso papers, handing out betting receipts. Dragline turns to L
22) 41) dialog: Why'd you have to say fifty? Why not  thirty-five or thirty-nine?
22) 43) dialog: Damn, Luke. What's the matter with  you? what's the matter with me?
22) 45) text: Luke and Dragline jog around the yard like roadwork for a boxer and trainer.
22) 46) dialog: What did I do? Stole and tole lies.  I loved mah neighbor and his wife,  but what did I do to deserve this  lunatic to come in mah happy home  and beat me outa hard earned bread.
22) 48) dialog: Yeah, I know. But what we gotta do  first is stretch that l'il ol' belly  of yours -- git it all strained out,  in fightin' shape, like a barrage  balloon.
22) 50) dialog: (considers paunch) 'Atsa sign I got me an affectionate  nature.
22) 52) dialog: (grinning) Us elephants may be a lil slow, like  in makin' love, but you give us a  coupla three days to really get with  it an' man -- stand back!
24) 0) text: as Dragline stops in front of the Wicker Man.
24) 1) dialog: Boss! Man needs a brown bomber and a  dose of salts.
24) 8) dialog: You jes' watch us!
24) 13) text: All of this is overlapping: Dragline walks through them  carrying the pile and cup of salts passed out from the Wi ignoring it all.
25) 0) text: JABO, the cook, is lowering the sacks of eggs into huge p of boiling water. Carr stands by with a watch, timing. Ou the open door are Dragline, Dynamite and Gambler watching tensely.
25) 1) dialog: Take it easy now, Jabo. Them is eggs,  not them cathead biscuits.
26) 1) dialog: Awright! Stand back, you pedestrians,  this ain't no automobile accident!
26) 3) dialog: That's right, Mister Alibi.
26) 5) dialog: You jus' may be great at hangin'  paper around the big cities, but us  country boys is not entirely  brainless. When it comes to the law,  nothin' is understood.
26) 7) dialog: I'm his trainer, I'm the syndicate  what's coverin' all bets, and I'm  his official egg peeler.
26) 11) text: Dragline jumps up and gives a second's rubdown to Luke's  shoulders. There is a flurry of last minute betting, and  then silence. Everybody gathered around. Luke shuffles hi feet, twitches his toes. One egg from the pile is peeled in front of him. Carr waits, his eyes on his wrist watch, his other hand up in the air, and all eyes rest on that h All eyes drop as the hand drops. Dragline grabs eggs and  peels them, his fingers flickering, the shells flying. Lu picks up the peeled egg and eats it in a gulp.
26) 16) text: Dragline reaches over and pops an egg into Luke's mouth, pinkie extended, like tossing a tidbit into the mouth of  some animal.
26) 17) text: The others stand around, motionless. Dragline cracks and  peels and Luke eats in a regular musical rhythm inexorabl and horrible as it is sustained. Red is checking and coun off eggs...
26) 20) dialog: looking at him, neutral...
26) 21) dialog: Slow down a little.
26) 34) dialog: Mechanic!
26) 35) text: Dragline puts his arm around Mechanic's shoulders  affectionately.
26) 36) dialog: You're a sweet old boy and I don't  like to see you pick up no bad habits.  Better use that dollar to buy yourself  a new spark plug or something. But  as long as you done took a stand,  why don't you put some money where  your mouth is? Not no measly buck!
26) 38) dialog: It's a bet! Koko! I gone this far,  I'm backin' mah boy all the way!  Come on, who's next? Where are the  big money men, I want to hear from  some high rollers.
26) 41) text: Dragline turns to Luke and grins. Luke instantly appears recover and walks casually back to the table. It should b clear this last was a little put-on between him and Dragl to milk the last money into bets. Luke sits and begins ea
26) 43) dialog: reacts.
26) 46) text: Dragline swallows with relief. Gambler moves and looks ab a man feeling victory within his grasp.
26) 49) text: Luke swallows another egg; sweat bursts out on his forehe Dragline signals to a second, Koko, to sit in for him and peel eggs. He moves to Luke.
26) 51) text: as Dragline stands behind him, massaging his shoulders an neck, tenderly... Luke doggedly eats eggs, one by one. Re counts off under...
26) 54) dialog: Come on, boy, come on, darlin'. You  kin do her. Just let that ol' belly  sag and enjoy itself. Stay loose,  buddy. Eight more, between you and  everlasting glory. Little ol' eggs,  pigeon eggs, that's all, fish eggs  practically.
26) 55) text: Luke almost throws up, and Dragline signals Koko to hold  up... he gets Luke of his feet and begins walking him up down the barracks...
26) 58) dialog: (into Luke's ear) Just shakin' it down, that's all,  settlin' them eggs down...
26) 60) dialog: Come on, Baby... don't be that way.  Open your little ol' gator mouth.
26) 64) dialog: All right now: get mad at them eggs.  Eat it there boy! Bite it! Gnaw on  it!
26) 67) text: Another egg goes. Luke closes his eyes and motions to  Dragline; just stuff 'em in any old how!
26) 68) dialog: That's it, that's how to do it, chew,  chew, chew!
26) 72) text: So that it all comes out in a near dead-heat, with Dragli yelling and popping in eggs. At the last second before  deadline, two whole eggs are shoved into Luke's mouth, an Dragline rams Luke's mouth shut for him...
26) 73) dialog: All in: that's it: chew, chew, chew!
26) 80) dialog: You think so, huh?
26) 81) text: as they all peer down into his throat. Dragline grins, lo around at Society.
26) 82) dialog: Where's the egg?
26) 83) text: He slaps Luke on the cheek affectionately, closes his mou and lets his head fall back on the table with a loud thum his arms again sprawled out in the piles of egg shells. A dance of victory for Dragline... he collects all over the place. Dynamite, shaking his head, quietly knights the ne champion hog-gut by laying his big spoon on the table nex to Luke's head.
28) 1) dialog: Luke, why you actin' so strange?  What you wanna do somethin' like  that for? You gone too far when you  mess with the Man With No Eyes. You  gonna be outa here in a little bit --  whyn't you jus' take it a little  easy?
28) 6) text: The gang rushes back into the shelter, all except Luke an Dragline.
28) 8) dialog: Knock it off, Luke! You cain't talk  about Him that way.
28) 9) text: Dragline begins to move off toward the truck.
28) 11) text: He grins at Dragline and then, after a beat, raises his b axe straight up to the sky, grinning at Dragline.
28) 12) dialog: He is frightened as he backs off toward the truck.
28) 13) dialog: Get in here! Ain't you scared --  ain't you scared of dyin'?
30) 1) dialog: (to Koko) Blind Dick is payin' us off three  and borrowin' back five. Next!
30) 3) dialog: Borrowin' or payin' back?
30) 5) dialog: Mister Cool Hand here is the soft  heart in our Loan Department. Next!
30) 11) dialog: Oh, that's mah darlin' Luke. Grins  like a baby and bites like a 'gator.
30) 14) text: Luke picks up the telegram and reads. Then he sets it dow stands and goes to his bunk. Dragline looks after him, ta up the telegram and hands it up to Society Red.
32) 1) dialog: He smiles... oh that Luke!
34) 1) dialog: He looks worried.
40) 10) text: The singers and music-makers around Luke finish their son reaching a high, piercing, noisy crescendo. At the same t Dragline has been reading another sex book to Stupid Blon Blind Dick and Chief who are trying to act out the  description, tying themselves into an intricate anatomica knot.
40) 11) dialog: (reading) She moved her head another inch while  he reached up and put his left hand  on Carol's cheek as Carol pressed  her lips to... Oh Lord, I can't read  it!
40) 13) dialog: Carr. Lookit this. Oh I don't believe  it.
40) 15) text: Intrigued, Carr sits down on Dragline's bunk and follows  Dragline's finger pointing out the lascivious parts. He i quickly absorbed.
40) 16) dialog: He looks over toward Luke who can be seen between the leg of the surrounding men, poised, waiting to drop down into the hole. Dragline winks.
40) 19) dialog: Here's a real hot one!
49) 4) dialog: He made it.
53) 11) text: Nodding curtly, the Captain gets back in his car. Someone throws a shovel down the embankment. It CLATTERS until it lands beside Luke. Dragline and the others are by his sid helping him to his feet. Above Godfrey stares down at the
53) 13) dialog: Awright, buddy. You be awright. You  give 'em a run for their money. Jus'  take it slow and easy, baby. You  gonna make it fine.
53) 15) dialog: Come on, buddy. Show 'em you're  awright.
53) 24) dialog: Jus' take it slow, buddy.
53) 26) dialog: Shut up. Let him eat. Don't pay them  no mind, boy.
53) 38) text: Luke continues to shovel in his beans. The men are clearl disappointed. Only Dragline understands.
53) 39) dialog: Well now we jus' gonna lay low and  build time and afore you know it the  heat'll be off you and things be  back where they was. Right, sweet  buddy?
53) 40) text: Luke winks and slaps Dragline affectionately on the cheek During this last, Luke has been idly winding a piece of k string found on the ground beside him. As, idly, he shove it into his pocket.
57) 2) text: Dragline and the others deposit their chow plates, pick u their yoyos and start to work.
57) 3) dialog: He ain't eating beans fer lunch.
57) 7) dialog: (yoyoing) Shut your mouth. He's out there doin'  it for all of us.
58) 2) dialog: Dragline sits up from his bunk, astonished.
58) 3) dialog: Magazines? Who's sendin' me magazines?
58) 5) dialog: From mah uncle? Ah never heard from  him in eight years and now he's  sendin' me magazines. He musta gone  crazy.
58) 6) text: He has torn open the package, looks through the magazines which are movie fan books, lies back to flip the pages. I b.g. Carr is continuing the mail call. Suddenly Dragline' eyes widen, his mouth opens, but he catches himself and c it before he has revealed himself.
58) 8) text: Seeing Dragline's reaction, they have gathered around.
58) 9) dialog: Looka that! Two of them. Oh my...
58) 11) text: Dragline suddenly realizes the danger and closes the book Carr and the Wicker Man don't catch on. The others reluct move away. Dragline casually hands the magazine to Societ Red.
58) 12) dialog: (whispering) What's the writing say?
58) 14) dialog: Oh my. Oh my... Give it back here!
58) 15) text: Red surrenders the magazine. Dragline opens it again and look of pure bliss settles over his face.
58) 17) dialog: (violently) Get away!
58) 18) text: He looks over at Carr but Carr has moved away, is talking the Wicker Man, his back to the men. Koko, Loudmouth Stev Gambler and the others hurriedly cluster around Dragline. Their voices are eager intense whispers.
58) 32) dialog: Mah baby! We're diggin' and dyin'  but our boy Luke is lovin' and flyin'.
59) 6) dialog: (feigned innocence) What for?
59) 8) dialog: You're just a kid. Whatta you know  about it? You don't wanna see that  dirty picture. Luke and those broads  an' all that booze.
59) 10) dialog: It'd go to your coconut head. You'd  start getting ideas. Maybe even pass  right out.
59) 12) dialog: How much you figure it's worth, a  peek at this here picture? A quick  look, I'm not talkin' about no  memorizin' job.
59) 14) dialog: A cold drink? You mean one cold drink?  To feast yore starvin' fishy l'il  eyes on The Picture? A true vision  of Paradise itself? With two of the  angels right there in plain sight a- friskin' round with mah boy?
59) 16) dialog: Well --- okay. It's a deal. One cold  drink, if'n you please. In advance.  One chilly bottle right here in mah  hot l'il hand... That goes for the  rest of you mullet-heads, too.
59) 24) text: As the Captain turns and walks out past the guards who fo and the wicket chute CLANGS shut, Dragline, Koko and othe move forward and gently lift Luke onto the poker table.
59) 25) dialog: Oh mah poor baby. They done you real  good... I don't know if you gonna  have them gals chasin' after you for  a while...
59) 32) dialog: Carr, kin we use your razor to clean  up where they cut his head?
59) 40) dialog: That's my baby.
59) 64) dialog: He ain't himself. He's all beat up.  Cain't you see that? He don't know  what he sayin'.
61) 0) text: The poker game is in progress: Dragline, Koko, Blind Dick Gambler, Tattoo with Tramp behind him. Society Red stands the window, looking out as he brushes his hair.
61) 5) dialog: That ole box collapse and fall apart  before Luke calls quits.
61) 14) text: Dragline steps in to separate them.
61) 15) dialog: Awright, that's enough. You wanna  end up in the box, too?
63) 0) text: It is Saturday afternoon. The men have just returned from the road. Luke moves slowly toward the barracks, Dragline helping him.
63) 1) dialog: You made the week, boy. Plenty of  time to rest up for old Monday.
64) 0) text: The men are restless, their efforts to ignore what's happ are futile. Dragline gets up and looks out the window int the yard. Koko leans over beside him. He holds the pictur DRAGLINE'S P.O.V. Luke under the lights, working again, slowly, dumps a sho full of dirt and hasn't the strength to move the shovel.  Momentarily, he stops moving and is hit. We HEAR the thud and the groan he gives.
65) 0) text: Dragline goes back to his bunk. We HEAR another thud and cry from outside. Dragline begins to WHISTLE. Koko begins chink his chains. Onionhead and Dynamite join in with the chains. Other prisoners rhythmically beat on bunk posts.  Only Society Red does not join in.
69) 4) text: Others like Dragline and Koko stare straight ahead, not s him; Society Red has his back turned; Dynamite, Blind Dic Loudmouth Steve meet his gaze contemptuously.
70) 25) dialog: Oh Lord!
70) 27) dialog: Oh mah baby Luke.
70) 30) text: Dragline running alongside trying to grab the door handle Inside Luke, grinning fiercely, as he drives. SHOTS sound Dragline gets hold of the door, swings inside. HOLD AND P the truck off down the road until all we can see is the s dump body.
71) 1) dialog: We're free, Luke. You terrible man.  Think of that. We're free. Free!
71) 2) text: Over them, appears the SUPERIMPOSED image of Godfrey's  glasses, the Man With No Eyes, watching them, denying  Dragline's words.
72) 0) text: Dragline is exuberantly hacking away at palm fronds to co the truck while Luke is filing away at his chains.
72) 1) dialog: (rattling frond) Shakin it here, Boss. Shakin it...  Oh my baby Luke.
72) 2) text: He laughs, shakes his head in appreciation. Luke ignores  him, continues to file. Dragline does another worshipful  imitation.
72) 3) dialog: Don't hit me no more, Boss! Don't  hit me! I'll do anythin' you say but  just don't hit me! Oh Luke. You are  an original, you truly are. You really  fooled them.
72) 5) dialog: And all the time you was plannin' on  runnin' again.
72) 8) text: He tosses the severed chain link into the swamp and start to walk off, Dragline hurrying behind him.
73) 0) text: Luke and Dragline appear, tired and cold. Dragline is hav trouble keeping up. Seeing this, Luke stops and rests, lo off at church visible in distance.
73) 1) dialog: Whoee, it's cold. Wisht I had  somethin' to eat. Bread, grits, beans  even. Soon's we get to my house,  we're gonna have us one big meal and  then I'm gonna show you some farm  girls that...
73) 3) dialog: (confused) What you talkin' about, Luke? We're  together, you and me, just like  always. Now the thing we gotta work  out is how to get Koko outa there  and then the Terrible Trio be all  complete again. Man, this old Free  World ain't gonna know which ear to  stand on.
73) 5) dialog: What you mean, Luke?
73) 8) dialog: But, Luke...
73) 10) dialog: Luke. Where you goin?
73) 12) dialog: But what am I gonna do all by myself? (hangs head) Oh if'n I hadn't lost mah head. I  only had two more years to go. But  when I saw you tearin' down with  that truck... But you right Luke. We  oughta split up. Be safer for us  both.
73) 14) dialog: Luke? (calls out) Just the same, you're a good old  boy, Luke. You take care, hear?
75) 4) dialog: Luke, are you alright?... They got  us, boy. They're out there thicker'n  flies. Bosses and dogs and sheriffs  and more guns than I ever seen in my  life. We don't have a chance, Luke...  They caught up with me right after  we split up and they was aimin' to  kill you, Luke. But I got 'em to  promise if you give up peaceful,  they wouldn't even whip you this  time.
75) 6) dialog: Why sure, Luke. I mean I didn't talk  to them about that. But why not?  They're reasonable, Luke. Hell, we  only been gone a coupla hours.
75) 8) dialog: Luke, you got to listen to me. All  you got to do is just give up nice  and quiet, just play it cool.
75) 10) dialog: Thass right. Just play it...
75) 12) dialog: Luke, what are do doin'?
75) 17) dialog: Luke!
78) 0) text: where Bosses Kean and Paul move in to handcuff Luke. Drag seeing Godfrey, bellows out an INCOHERENT ROAR and charge past the surprised guards to knock Godfrey to the ground, tear his glasses from him. Confused, bewildered, Godfrey  gropes for the glasses as the prison guards beat Dragline into submission.
78) 6) text: as he is brought past Dragline, who is being held by seve guards. Tears stream down Dragline's cheeks. Luke looks a him, still smiling as he is pushed into the Captain's car