1) 0) text: and we see the work gang in uniforms (14 men) flailing aw with yoyos, short-handled scythes in the hot sun, guarded three men. Three of the workers wear chains (Gambler,  Dynamite, Sailor). The scene is bleached and hot; the men sweating and dirty in prison shirts and pants. The light  shifts during the following:
5) 3) text: He is sitting on the floor, between his knees a mess of s on the floor and his plate upside down. He has made the  mistake of taking Dynamite's seat. DYNAMITE, the champion eater, has casually displaced him and is busy chowing. Do is serving; he is the only one to break the rule of silen in chowlines.
7) 1) text: The men are preparing for their hour of free time. Gamble has layed out the blanket for the poker game and is shuff cards. Koko and BLIND DICK have their seats, are arrangin their piles of change. Luke sits at the other end of the  table, past the blanket line. Dragline who has been talki to the Wicker Man now enters casually as we HEAR Dynamite change in hand, moving to the game berating Tramp.
7) 2) dialog: Next time you stay outa my place! I  earned it. You try that agin an'  I'll bounce you all over the floor.
13) 0) text: as they are counting in through the gate, their hats with their personal possessions in them held out to be inspect their pockets turned out. A guard frisks them quickly but efficiently. The Captain stands nearby ignoring them, tes a golf swing. The men move to the mess hall, most of them the run. Luke moves painfully with exhaustion. Alibi seem quiet and cowed, lost in the crowd. They fall into a line the mess hall door. Dynamite, his spoon out, moves to the front of the line and Luke winds up somewhere near the re
16) 24) text: Dynamite gets up, chains JANGLING.
17) 0) text: The poker game. Five card stud. Playing are Gambler, Koko Dynamite, Blind Dick and Luke, bandaged. The mood of the  barracks is quieter than usual. The men are still assessi the fight, uncertain as to who now is their leader, looki toward Dragline for an indication. Not playing, Dragline  lies on his bunk behind Koko, sullenly reading a sex book Gambler deals the third cards.
17) 3) text: Dynamite is already out. Blind Dick now folds.
18) 15) text: Dragline, Dynamite, Gambler, Tattoo, Loudmouth Steve, Ali Sleepy, Stupid Blondie and Chief cross over, leaving Luke Koko, Society Red, Tramp, Babalugats, Blind Dick, Mechani and Sailor. The tar truck begins to move slowly down the  road, spreading a black, hot, acrid wake behind it.
18) 30) dialog: (panting) Whatta we racin' for?
18) 32) text: Dynamite understands and throws himself into it.
18) 50) dialog: Shag it!
19) 0) text: Sunday afternoon scene. The chain men are dancing, jingli Three RADIOS BLARE in different corners; a hell-fire prea where Deacon and Society Red sit working a letter; romant ballads (Near You, Heart Aches by Ted Weeks, etc.) for th men reading fuck books; rhythm and blues, country music f a couple of wrestlers, banging into bunks until one depan the other and runs off. CAMERA FOLLOWS THIS ACTION SHOWIN the scene. Other men rolling cigarettes, Dynamite still o his rattlesnake wallet, Koko cutting hair, using a board  over an ash can for a barber's chair. Everyone is barefoo
22) 4) text: The air is stifling, desultory. Out of boredom, Dragline  turns to Dynamite.
22) 6) dialog: I wasn't feelin' good. Think I got a  ulcer or somethin'.
22) 30) dialog: (expertly) Man's gut can't hold that. They'll  swell up and bust him open.
24) 11) dialog: Man can't eat that much no matter --
25) 0) text: JABO, the cook, is lowering the sacks of eggs into huge p of boiling water. Carr stands by with a watch, timing. Ou the open door are Dragline, Dynamite and Gambler watching tensely.
26) 30) dialog: (expertly) Man's gut can't hold more'n that.
26) 83) text: He slaps Luke on the cheek affectionately, closes his mou and lets his head fall back on the table with a loud thum his arms again sprawled out in the piles of egg shells. A dance of victory for Dragline... he collects all over the place. Dynamite, shaking his head, quietly knights the ne champion hog-gut by laying his big spoon on the table nex to Luke's head.
65) 0) text: Dragline goes back to his bunk. We HEAR another thud and cry from outside. Dragline begins to WHISTLE. Koko begins chink his chains. Onionhead and Dynamite join in with the chains. Other prisoners rhythmically beat on bunk posts.  Only Society Red does not join in.
69) 4) text: Others like Dragline and Koko stare straight ahead, not s him; Society Red has his back turned; Dynamite, Blind Dic Loudmouth Steve meet his gaze contemptuously.