20) 0) text: By the picnic table set up for visitors. In far b.g., we Luke come out of the door and start across the yard towar the gate, where he is shaken down and permitted to exit,  moving down to the table. A few feet from the end of the  table, Boss Godfrey sits in a kitchen chair, his hands  discreetly crossed over the pistol in his lap. His mirror eyes play over the scene. Loudmouth Steve, his MOTHER -- desperately fortyish blonde -- and a couple of other pris and visitors occupy the background. Parked next to the ta is a truck. In the bed lies Luke's mother, ARLETTA. She i propped up on pillows and wedged in for traveling. The whole back is set up as for a chronic invalid, everyt within reach, etc. She smokes incessantly. Nearby, Luke's BROTHER and his nephew, JOHN-BOY, a kid of twelve, enormo impressed with the sights and the guns and dogs, etc.
20) 30) text: She's looking at him and begins to laugh, losing control coughing to the point it alarms John and Jackson and they have to help her. She pays no attention to the cough.
20) 50) text: She kneads his hand and subsides onto her bed. Luke turns away from her to face John, who has stood by. Godfrey is his feet. The other men are getting up and saying goodbye visitors, picking up their packages, etc., and among them a chain man, his chains dragging, holding them up with a  string. The kid stands by John looking at the chains clin past...
20) 52) text: Luke looks up at John, Sr. with amusement.
20) 55) dialog: John-Boy looks to you. You're a hero.  He's braggin' on you all over the  county.
20) 57) dialog: You must've really flung a binge  this time. You really hit that cop?
20) 59) dialog: (nods) Fulla dope, Luke.
20) 61) text: They understand each other. Luke chucks John-Boy under th chin, then stops, looks at John, kneels beside him.
20) 68) text: John holds Luke for a beat and reaches into the truck and pulls out a battered banjo which he gives Luke.
20) 69) dialog: Now there's nothin' for you to come  back for.