0) 5) dialog: Okay, Mister General, you son of a  bitch. Sir. Think you can put things  right with a piece of tin with a  ribbon hangin' on it? Gonna put you  right.
0) 8) dialog: All right. Helen, honey. I lost my  head over you. Now its your turn.
2) 0) text: The SCREEN is mostly black, but we see out through the me rear windows a desolate panorama of gnarled trees and gru landscape, bleak and hopeless. Now we HEAR outside the barking and baying of bloodhounds not like they're tracking, but just playing as the truck  turns and stops. The BUS GUARD and DRIVER get out. The ba of the truck is opened by the guard and through that rect of bright sunlight, the silhouettes of the Newmeat descen Luke last.
3) 0) text: as the Bosses (BOSS PAUL and BOSS HIGGINS) motion for the the other Newmeat (to be known as TRAMP, ALIBI, and TATTO stumble into each other and jostle Luke in their eagernes to obey orders.
3) 2) text: The Newmeat jostle into line. They are wearing State Issu gray pants and their own Free World shirts. All except Lu carry a paper bag or cigar box containing their wordly go All except Luke look apprehensive, worried. Luke stands w languid grace, neither insolent nor hostile, nor fearful. The Bus Guard hands Boss Paul a folder that contains reco as the Captain approaches from his porch.
3) 17) dialog: Here, Captain.
3) 19) dialog: Cuttin' the heads off parkin' meters,  Captain.
3) 21) dialog: I guess you could say I wasn't  thinkin', Captain.
3) 23) dialog: That's right, Captain. Just passin'  the time.
4) 6) text: Luke mouths the next line with him. At the same time, we  HEAR the clanking of the Wicker Man's doors opening and t thudding of many steps.
4) 8) text: As Luke shrugs the chute bursts open and the Bull Gang ru in, men trying to get hands clean, urinate and get back o into the chowline. Sudden LOUD CHAOS. The Newmeat are sea on the bench, bewildered, except Luke who grins. Koko spi the Newmeat and is unhappy that there are only four.
5) 0) text: Most of the other men already have their food and are sit down with no jockeying for places: everybody knows. They shoveling it down as fast as they can, getting back up fo seconds. Luke and the other Newmeat get their plates and  while the others stand there, confused, Luke sits at the  first vacant spot and begins to eat industriously.
7) 1) text: The men are preparing for their hour of free time. Gamble has layed out the blanket for the poker game and is shuff cards. Koko and BLIND DICK have their seats, are arrangin their piles of change. Luke sits at the other end of the  table, past the blanket line. Dragline who has been talki to the Wicker Man now enters casually as we HEAR Dynamite change in hand, moving to the game berating Tramp.
7) 13) text: Luke snorts.
7) 17) dialog: I didn't say nothin', Boss.
7) 19) dialog: A Lucas Jackson.
7) 22) dialog: (smiling) Ain't heard much worth listening to  yet. Just everybody handing out rules.
7) 23) text: A feeling of discomfort. Koko assesses Luke, who has rema at the poker table.
7) 26) text: Luke stares at him for a beat, then shrugs -- who needs i and walks over to his bunk.
7) 28) text: Dragline just stares after Luke.
7) 35) dialog: He lies in his bunk staring directly into a flyspecked bu hanging from the ceiling about eighteen inches from his f It will be on all night. The tire iron SOUNDS again and m hurry for their bunks.
7) 40) dialog: staring up at bulb.
9) 2) text: Luke stands, holding a strut in the roof and watching wit amusement as Tattoo is shoved away by Dragline, then Koko and then pushed from man to man as he tries to sit down b always finds a lap in the way. Bawdy laughter; it's a gam but earnest. As they settle Tattoo winds up on the floor grins, understands, finds a place beside Tramp. Across th way Alibi begins a serious conversation with Blind Dick.
9) 36) dialog: (to Dragline) Where'd you get that about war hero?
9) 38) dialog: (amused by the put-on) Well, you know. Small town, not much  to do in the evenings. Mostly it was  settling up old scores.
9) 46) dialog: I just always did like truck rides.
11) 43) dialog: He has dropped to the ground, examining a blister on his  hand. At Boss Kean's call, he looks up, ruefully resentfu and gets to his feet and slowly walks to the chow line.
11) 47) text: Babalugats grins. Dragline has his chow, passes Luke.
11) 49) text: Luke stumbles past, not paying attention.
11) 56) dialog: It is later. He is working hard, stops a minute as he HEA a crow cawing overhead. He looks up at it.
11) 66) dialog: I believe he just said something.
11) 68) text: working, Luke flailing away like an automaton.
12) 0) text: as it is opened from the outside. Tramp sits up against t bench, still in rocky shape from his collapse. The others step over him as though he weren't there. Luke appears, l a sleepwalker. He grabs the side rails, gets one foot up tries to pull himself over the edge of the truck body. Bu the muscles are just used up. Boss Paul sees this and giv Luke a kick, timed so that it coincides with his jump. It gives him just the added momentum needed to send him over the edge of the body and sprawling along the floor. He's last one and as the guards lock them up, he grins up at  Dragline and Gambler from his prone position.
12) 1) dialog: (to Dragline) You owe that fella a cold drink.
12) 11) text: He starts his story. On the floor, Luke sleeps.
13) 0) text: as they are counting in through the gate, their hats with their personal possessions in them held out to be inspect their pockets turned out. A guard frisks them quickly but efficiently. The Captain stands nearby ignoring them, tes a golf swing. The men move to the mess hall, most of them the run. Luke moves painfully with exhaustion. Alibi seem quiet and cowed, lost in the crowd. They fall into a line the mess hall door. Dynamite, his spoon out, moves to the front of the line and Luke winds up somewhere near the re
14) 2) text: The men are piling into bunks and the CAMERA FINDS Luke  heaving himself with a kind of rueful amusement up to the third tier bunk he sleeps in; he's exhausted.
14) 4) dialog: (agreeably) Back at it in the mornin'. Just need  a little nap...
14) 12) dialog: Well, you fixed it up so he's got  all night to think about it.
14) 15) dialog: Yeah, those poor old guards need all  the help they can get.
14) 17) text: Luke rolls over and goes to sleep.
14) 25) text: He is tanned and hardened now, and has mastered the work  rhythm. SHOT WIDENS to show Dragline near him, checking h shovel for nicks but really eyeballing a passing car. In ditch, Luke expertly scoops up a shovel full of sand and, levering the handle on his knee, flips the sand through t air so it hits spang in the pan of Dragline's shovel whil Dragline is still eyeballing. It knocks him off balance a by the time he has caught up, Luke is already catching hi with another shovel full.
14) 27) dialog: I thought you knew, boy... they  sentenced me by the mile.
14) 31) text: as Dragline hooks on the glasses. Luke, Tattoo and Tramp working around here.
14) 32) dialog: (to Tramp) Lookit that. Some Hollywood movie  star jus' joined up with us.
14) 35) dialog: (to Tramp) But damn if he don't look like a fat  old Dragline.
14) 45) dialog: Maybe he's been chain-ganging too  long.
14) 64) dialog: That is one mean lady. Bet her husband  spends one day a week shooting  milkmen.
14) 82) dialog: Lucille? Where do you get that?
14) 84) dialog: Innocent?
14) 86) dialog: She knows exactly what she's doin.  She's drivin' you crazy and lovin'  it.
14) 88) dialog: Your Lucille? Man, you better put  them glasses back on and take a look  at yourself.
16) 38) dialog: 
16) 39) dialog: Forget it, man.
16) 42) dialog: 
16) 43) dialog: Stop beatin', man. You ain't doin'  nobody no good.
16) 50) text: and Luke falls back into the dirt. He's hurt, startled, b grins. We HEAR a CHEER from the men O.S., as he gets up. is stripped to the waist, wears huge 16 oz. boxing gloves
16) 51) text: showing Dragline similarly dressed. They are squared off the yard, surrounded by YELLING men who want blood. It is release from the sexual tension built up by the night bef The guards stand in the guard boxes, watching. The Captai sits up on his porch, so he can see without being too obv Luke gets up and manages a lunging right across to Dragli Adam's apple. Dragline is momentarily staggered but count with a terrible clubbing blow that mashes Luke's gloves i his face, knocking him to the ground. Time is called for round.
16) 56) dialog: (shaking his head,  grinning) I don't want to frighten him.
16) 57) text: The second round is called and Luke advances toward Dragl
16) 58) text: circling. Luke has to get in his shot before Dragline get too close and clubs him again. He feints a punch that mov Dragline off-balance and winds up for a big one, but Drag smashes him backhand. Luke hits the dirt, the men SCREAM YELL. Wiping some blood from his mouth, Luke rises again. is dizzy. Dragline smacks him down again.
16) 66) text: He pops Luke who reels, goes down on a knee and then slow rises, rises. Dragline is honestly agonized.
16) 68) dialog: That's what you're gonna have to do.
16) 72) dialog: He looks after him and reaches up to wipe the blood away, still grinning.
17) 0) text: The poker game. Five card stud. Playing are Gambler, Koko Dynamite, Blind Dick and Luke, bandaged. The mood of the  barracks is quieter than usual. The men are still assessi the fight, uncertain as to who now is their leader, looki toward Dragline for an indication. Not playing, Dragline  lies on his bunk behind Koko, sullenly reading a sex book Gambler deals the third cards.
17) 5) dialog: Kick a buck.
17) 10) dialog: (expressionless) Kick a buck.
17) 22) dialog: (automatically) Kick a buck.
17) 28) dialog: (automatically) Kick a buck.
17) 38) text: Koko folds. Luke reaches for the pot at the same time tha Dragline reaches for Luke's cards.
17) 40) dialog: (smiling) Nuthin' can be a pretty cool hand.
18) 15) text: Dragline, Dynamite, Gambler, Tattoo, Loudmouth Steve, Ali Sleepy, Stupid Blondie and Chief cross over, leaving Luke Koko, Society Red, Tramp, Babalugats, Blind Dick, Mechani and Sailor. The tar truck begins to move slowly down the  road, spreading a black, hot, acrid wake behind it.
18) 27) dialog: The man wants speed, let's give it  to him. Ram it in and break it off.  Go hard. Shag it.
18) 28) text: Dragline begins to work harder, digging and fanning, keep pace with Luke.
18) 43) dialog: They ain't never seen a bull gang  before.
18) 52) text: Luke grins and works. The guards are tense and uneasy and walk the road backward, not daring to turn their backs on these madmen. Rabbit runs around with his water bucket bu the men don't drink, just upturn the water over their fac and keep going.
18) 61) dialog: That's it. That's the end.
18) 65) text: Luke has been looking at the guards who have grouped in  conference around Boss Paul who has his watch out. They l concerned, gesticulating toward Luke and the others.
18) 66) dialog: (smiling) Nothin'.
19) 2) text: Luke sits up from his bunk, staring at the Wicker, unmovi amazed.
19) 4) dialog: as he gets up. Behind him Loudmouth Steve gets up, tossin down his sex book resentfully:
20) 0) text: By the picnic table set up for visitors. In far b.g., we Luke come out of the door and start across the yard towar the gate, where he is shaken down and permitted to exit,  moving down to the table. A few feet from the end of the  table, Boss Godfrey sits in a kitchen chair, his hands  discreetly crossed over the pistol in his lap. His mirror eyes play over the scene. Loudmouth Steve, his MOTHER -- desperately fortyish blonde -- and a couple of other pris and visitors occupy the background. Parked next to the ta is a truck. In the bed lies Luke's mother, ARLETTA. She i propped up on pillows and wedged in for traveling. The whole back is set up as for a chronic invalid, everyt within reach, etc. She smokes incessantly. Nearby, Luke's BROTHER and his nephew, JOHN-BOY, a kid of twelve, enormo impressed with the sights and the guns and dogs, etc.
20) 1) dialog: Comin' out here, Boss?
20) 4) dialog: How'd you find me?
20) 6) dialog: Yeah. Well. (to Godfrey) Gettin' up here, Boss.
20) 8) dialog: Well, Arletta, I got to stand down  here.
20) 10) dialog: Like to oblige you, Arletta, but  right off I don't know where to put  my hands on 'em.
20) 12) dialog: Smokin' it up here, Boss.
20) 14) dialog: Yeah, well, Arletta, you done your  best. What I done with myself is my  problem.
20) 16) dialog: You never thought that's a heavy  load?
20) 18) text: Luke gives her the cigarette, and smiles at her.
20) 19) dialog: No. But things ain't always like  they seem, Arletta. You know that. A  man's gotta go his own way.
20) 22) dialog: Yeah.
20) 24) dialog: We call it abuildin' time, Arletta.
20) 27) dialog: You never wanted to live forever  anyways, did you? It wasn't such a  hell of a life.
20) 29) dialog: Yeah, would of been nice to of knowed  him, the way you talk about him.
20) 34) dialog: Here, Mom.
20) 36) dialog: Nothin'. Ever'thing's cool's can be.
20) 38) dialog: Tried to live always just as free  and aboveboard as you been, and well,  they ain't that much elbow room.
20) 41) dialog: She took off with that convertible  feller...
20) 43) dialog: (grinning at her) Yeah.
20) 45) dialog: That's good: he earned it.
20) 48) dialog: Gotta go, Arletta.
20) 50) text: She kneads his hand and subsides onto her bed. Luke turns away from her to face John, who has stood by. Godfrey is his feet. The other men are getting up and saying goodbye visitors, picking up their packages, etc., and among them a chain man, his chains dragging, holding them up with a  string. The kid stands by John looking at the chains clin past...
20) 52) text: Luke looks up at John, Sr. with amusement.
20) 56) dialog: (thoughtful) Yeah.
20) 58) dialog: (not liking the smug  pride in John) Much as I'd like to oblige you, John,  I didn't hit the cop. (beat) She's in pretty bad pain, ain't she?
20) 60) dialog: Keep it with her all the time. Let  her have all she wants.
20) 61) text: They understand each other. Luke chucks John-Boy under th chin, then stops, looks at John, kneels beside him.
20) 63) dialog: You don't want to admire them chains,  John-Boy. They ain't medals. You get  them put on for makin' mistakes. (beat) And if you make a really bad mistake,  then you got to deal with the Man...  and he is one tough old boy.
20) 66) dialog: So long, Arletta. Take care.
20) 68) text: John holds Luke for a beat and reaches into the truck and pulls out a battered banjo which he gives Luke.
22) 0) text: Luke sits on his bunk plunking aimlessly at the BANJO. Th barracks are quiet, an air of [...]. Suddenly there is an unidentifiable SOUND, low, but all the heads in the barra look up, waiting, silently. It has begun to rain, the big drops DRUMMING on the roof. It begins to fall heavily. Th are moving slams around the building as outside the guard SLAM the storm shutters. It is hot, oppressive.
22) 15) dialog: I can eat fifty eggs.
22) 20) dialog: Nobody ever ate fifty eggs.
22) 24) dialog: One hour.
22) 35) dialog: (cutting in) Boiled for fifteen minutes. Then  peeled. I eat all fifty in one hour.
22) 42) dialog: Fifty's a nice round number.
22) 44) dialog: (winking) Nothin' to worry about. We got a  deadlock on that mullet.
22) 45) text: Luke and Dragline jog around the yard like roadwork for a boxer and trainer.
22) 47) dialog: (grins) We got it locked in the sock.
22) 49) dialog: You ol' sack of guts. I had a belly  like yours, we wouldn't have nothin'  to worry about.
22) 51) dialog: Like an elephant.
22) 53) text: Luke grins.
22) 57) dialog: Thing about bad food, you got to eat  a lot of it.
22) 59) dialog: He sits in a yoga position, rippling his stomach muscles  miraculously. Koko and Gambler pop INTO THE SHOT to watch with amazement.
23) 0) text: Luke refuses food. He moves to his place, sits before his empty plate.
26) 0) text: as the line of men reach the poker table and begin stacki up the eggs. The Rules Committee sits around the table le one side for Luke. It's all set up with towels, etc. They are counting eggs carefully, piling them in pyramids. Dra picks up an egg and cracks it smartly on the table. Again uproar...
26) 10) dialog: (ingeniously) What's goin' on?
26) 11) text: Dragline jumps up and gives a second's rubdown to Luke's  shoulders. There is a flurry of last minute betting, and  then silence. Everybody gathered around. Luke shuffles hi feet, twitches his toes. One egg from the pile is peeled in front of him. Carr waits, his eyes on his wrist watch, his other hand up in the air, and all eyes rest on that h All eyes drop as the hand drops. Dragline grabs eggs and  peels them, his fingers flickering, the shells flying. Lu picks up the peeled egg and eats it in a gulp.
26) 13) dialog: He's eating very fast.
26) 16) text: Dragline reaches over and pops an egg into Luke's mouth, pinkie extended, like tossing a tidbit into the mouth of  some animal.
26) 17) text: The others stand around, motionless. Dragline cracks and  peels and Luke eats in a regular musical rhythm inexorabl and horrible as it is sustained. Red is checking and coun off eggs...
26) 19) dialog: His face bears an expression of ineffable absent pleasure though eggs reminded him of something a long way away.
26) 24) dialog: He stops and stands up, stretching. His stomach bulges as though he were pregnant. Slowly he walks across the barra toward the water faucet. Dragline stands looking after hi alarmed. Luke slowly bends over and washes his mouth out, not taking a drink. He stands, turns, walks up and down,  does some exercises. Silence, no one else moves. He walks back, looks at the eggs, making an expression of distaste He turns away and does some more exercises. Gambler moves over very close to him. Luke is going up and down, up and down doing knee bends. Gambler tries to look into his eye examine his stomach, listen to his wind. Luke sticks out tongue obligingly for a check. Gambler stands up.
26) 32) text: Mechanic has been studying Luke as if he were an ailing  carburetor.
26) 41) text: Dragline turns to Luke and grins. Luke instantly appears recover and walks casually back to the table. It should b clear this last was a little put-on between him and Dragl to milk the last money into bets. Luke sits and begins ea
26) 42) dialog: cool, confident, but as the egg is crushed in his mouth t first real gagging feeling of total surfeit hits him. His jaw closes and freezes. His eyes grow desperate and swive toward Dragline, though he doesn't dare move his head les he give way to nausea.
26) 44) dialog: with a herculean effort, he swallows.
26) 49) text: Luke swallows another egg; sweat bursts out on his forehe Dragline signals to a second, Koko, to sit in for him and peel eggs. He moves to Luke.
26) 51) text: as Dragline stands behind him, massaging his shoulders an neck, tenderly... Luke doggedly eats eggs, one by one. Re counts off under...
26) 55) text: Luke almost throws up, and Dragline signals Koko to hold  up... he gets Luke of his feet and begins walking him up down the barracks...
26) 61) text: Luke opens his mouth, in goes the egg, he chews, chews,  swallows. Another egg...
26) 67) text: Another egg goes. Luke closes his eyes and motions to  Dragline; just stuff 'em in any old how!
26) 72) text: So that it all comes out in a near dead-heat, with Dragli yelling and popping in eggs. At the last second before  deadline, two whole eggs are shoved into Luke's mouth, an Dragline rams Luke's mouth shut for him...
26) 75) text: Luke looks around, then takes a mighty swallow, as:
26) 77) text: Luke collapses with his head on the table, his arms flung out.
26) 79) text: He grabs him by the hair and pulls his head back. Draglin pries his mouth open with his fingers. Luke is out...
26) 83) text: He slaps Luke on the cheek affectionately, closes his mou and lets his head fall back on the table with a loud thum his arms again sprawled out in the piles of egg shells. A dance of victory for Dragline... he collects all over the place. Dynamite, shaking his head, quietly knights the ne champion hog-gut by laying his big spoon on the table nex to Luke's head.
27) 10) dialog: Pickin' it up here, Boss!
27) 12) dialog: looking at Godfrey, grinning, but a little tougher now. T snake has no head. He walks down a little and throws the  body of the snake on the road at Godfrey's feet. It bring him close to where Godfrey's cane still stands in the san Godfrey kicks at the snake. He turns... Luke pulls the ca out of the sand and holds it out to Godfrey.
27) 13) dialog: Don't forget your walking stick,  Boss.
27) 14) text: Godfrey turns to face him and stares at him. Luke just ho the stick out to him. Godfrey slowly takes the bolt out o the rifle, looks down the barrel, blows the smoke out, pu the bolt in his pocket and hands the gun back to Rabbit b finally reaching out and taking the stick from Luke. He t and walks away.
27) 15) dialog: You shore can shoot, man.
28) 2) text: Luke has been staring up at the darkening sky which is gr more ominous with clashing clouds and rolling thunder.
28) 3) dialog: Man, it looks like the Big Boss is  getting ready to let us have it!
28) 6) text: The gang rushes back into the shelter, all except Luke an Dragline.
28) 7) dialog: Look at Him go. Bam! Bam!
28) 10) dialog: You still believe in the Big Bearded  Boss, Drag? You think he's up there  watching us?
28) 14) dialog: The rain is torrential. He has to shout to be heard.
28) 15) dialog: Dyin'? He can take back this nice  pretty life any time He wants. (looks up) You welcome to it, Old Timer. Come  on! Make me know you're up there!  Kill me or love me, one or the other.
28) 18) dialog: He smiles and lowers the bush axe, walking toward the tru
28) 19) dialog: Standin' out here in the rain! All  alone! Talkin' to myself.
30) 0) text: It is the free hour. But instead of the poker game, Dragl Luke and Koko sit at the table dealing with their line of debtors from the egg-eating. Koko acts as secretary, chan the amounts as the men pay off or borrow more. As Blind D receives his money and leaves:
30) 10) dialog: Sure do... that's why we didn't bet  with the Navy.
30) 12) text: Carr sets the telegram on the table next to Luke.
30) 14) text: Luke picks up the telegram and reads. Then he sets it dow stands and goes to his bunk. Dragline looks after him, ta up the telegram and hands it up to Society Red.
30) 17) dialog: sitting on his bunk, bare feet tucked up beneath his draw up legs, softly picking out a slow hymn melody on his ban Tears slowly stream down his cheeks.
30) 19) text: All of the other men are congregated at the other end, gi Luke what privacy they can. There is no conversation, onl the slow, plaintive plucking of the banjo.
30) 21) dialog: in his bunk now, staring wet-eyed up at the ceiling.
31) 4) text: Luke steps forward, pulls off his shirt and jacket. He st behind the latticework screen to take off his pants as th Captain speaks.
31) 10) dialog: Boss, when you do somethin' to me  you better do it because you got to  or want to... but not because it's  your damn job.
32) 0) text: The bull gang truck stopping. The back is opened and the jump out, line up and begin counting off through the gate In b.g. as they count is Luke's voice singing.
33) 2) text: The figures of Boss Paul and Boss Seven go to the box. Se carries Luke's food. INT. BOX PAUL'S P.O.V. as it is opened. The dimness of the overhead bulb illumin Luke.
33) 3) dialog: Shut the door, Boss. You're lettin'  in a draft.
33) 6) text: Furiously he tries to cane Luke with his walking stick. B the cramped quarters restrict him. The cane clangs wildly against the sides of the box as Luke crouches in a corner covering his head.
33) 7) dialog: protecting, as Boss Paul retreats. The box door slams!  Greyness.
34) 0) text: as the bull gang counts in after the day's work. The ligh on the box still burns. No sound from Luke.
36) 2) text: And the uproar of the men getting out of their bunks, hur to dress and line up by the chute. INT. BOX CLOSE SHOT LUKE'S P.O.V. as the door opens and the double muzzle of Boss Paul's sh gun stares. BOSS PAUL'S P.O.V. Luke is standing at the rear of the box, his arms crossed over his chest, his eyes slightly wild, his face dirty an stubbled. In b.g. the SOUND of Rudolph, the pet bloodhoun puppy, yipping. LUKE'S P.O.V. Paul's gun draws back. Boss Seven hands Paul a heavy bisc grinning. Rudolph is sniffing, nipping at Paul's trousers smelling the biscuit.
36) 7) dialog: Might as well give it all to him,  Boss. I just ain't much hungry.
37) 0) text: Laundry boy and machines in b.g. as Boss Kean and Boss Se go to the box. Boss Seven carries Luke's shoes and a fres cleaned set of state issues. The men turn.
38) 0) text: as the door opens. Luke looks up. Kean's face stares down not unkind. Luke moves forward.
39) 0) text: as Luke emerges, Kean behind him.
40) 0) text: The Fourth of July. All hell is breaking loose. Four radi going, chain men jitterbugging, one of the men has a mout harmonica, another plucks Luke's banjo. A lemonade barrel in a corner and men dip into it with coke bottles; others are banging together bottles as instruments, playing comb etc.
40) 7) text: Luke is not to be seen among the music-makers and revelle Moving through the crowd, the CAMERA FINDS Luke on his ha and knees, sawing at the floorboard with a piece of hacks
40) 10) text: The singers and music-makers around Luke finish their son reaching a high, piercing, noisy crescendo. At the same t Dragline has been reading another sex book to Stupid Blon Blind Dick and Chief who are trying to act out the  description, tying themselves into an intricate anatomica knot.
40) 17) dialog: He winks back, grins and disappears through the hole in t floor.
41) 5) text: Carr has been tearing a sheet off Luke's bed.
42) 0) text: Luke, smiling, running like hell through the murky water. b.g. Blue's baying.
45) 0) text: Luke steps under and through the pipeline supports and  vanishes. In b.g. Blue's plaintive HOWLING.
47) 0) text: Luke carefully slips through the barbs, runs a few yards, slips back through again, runs a few yards, returns to th other side.
48) 11) dialog: running through the thick overhead cover. It is like a ju PULLING UP SLOWLY to HELICOPTER SHOT, we SEE that the cov is only a small patch of foliage and on the other side is huge panorama of rolling, empty moor-like country in whic after a moment, Luke enters, a tiny figure, running free.
53) 2) text: The men stop working, puzzled, looking up. Then from the a guard escorts Luke to the edge of the pavement. Luke gr down at the men sheepishly. His prison uniform is filthy torn, his hands are cuffed behind his back, his face is d and stubbled.
53) 6) dialog: Yeah, they sure do make a lot of  cold, hard, noise, Captain.
53) 7) text: The Captain feeds his fury staring, then reaches out his  hand and Boss Paul lays the blackjack in it. As the chain guards finish and stand up, trembling with rage, the Capt takes a convulsive step forward and brings the sap down b Luke's ear. As Luke tumbles down the littered embankment  toward the men:
53) 11) text: Nodding curtly, the Captain gets back in his car. Someone throws a shovel down the embankment. It CLATTERS until it lands beside Luke. Dragline and the others are by his sid helping him to his feet. Above Godfrey stares down at the
53) 14) text: As Luke tries to get his bearings, someone thrusts the sh into his hands and they get him going like a rusty piece machinery.
53) 16) text: Luke seems to nod and begins to work slowly. The others b away, glancing fearfully at the guards, go back to work,  quiet and sullen.
53) 17) dialog: He is working with great difficulty, stiff, tired, aching
53) 19) text: Luke stumbles gratefully toward the chowline.
53) 22) dialog: For a natural born son of a bitch  like you, that oughta be easy.
53) 23) text: as Luke settles down with his beans, the others find spot around him so he is the focus of the group. We SEE Tattoo chains, forlorn. Luke wolfs his food hungrily.
53) 28) dialog: (between mouthfuls) Topflight police work.
53) 31) dialog: Yeah, found one in this supermarket,  keys in the ignition.
53) 33) dialog: (eating) Fat mile'n a half. Hit this red light,  highway patrol pulls up alongside.
53) 35) dialog: Nope. I jus' kept lookin' straight  ahead waiting for that light to  change. And he kept lookin' over,  wondering what somethin' that looked  like me was doin' drivin' a shiny  new car.
53) 37) dialog: Then he leans over and sees this  state issue... All there was to it.  Feller's probably a lieutenant by  now.
53) 38) text: Luke continues to shovel in his beans. The men are clearl disappointed. Only Dragline understands.
53) 40) text: Luke winks and slaps Dragline affectionately on the cheek During this last, Luke has been idly winding a piece of k string found on the ground beside him. As, idly, he shove it into his pocket.
53) 43) dialog: 'Scuse me, Boss. Don't mean to  interrupt... but... caught short  here.
53) 46) dialog: Yes, boss.
53) 48) dialog: Slowly walking off into the rough grass, his chains catch on brush and stumps. He disappears behind a large bush.
53) 49) text: Luke's bush is in distance. He raises the gun to his shou and FIRES. REVERSE HIS P.O.V. The bush shakes, we can't see Luke.
53) 50) dialog: I'm shakin' it, Boss. I'm shakin'  it!
53) 52) dialog: Still shakin' it, Boss.
54) 0) text: It is a rutted country road with farms on both sides. Luk appears, a filthy wide-eyed, stumbling, bearded beast in  filthy uniform and chains. PAN with him past sharecropper village of ramshackle huts, rusted junk. An OLD NEGRO WOM sees Luke and goes inside, closing the door. PAN with him a General Store where an OLD NEGRO MAN watching, quickly  retreats inside leaving only two small Negro boys (BEN an LAWRENCE) staring at Luke as he shambles toward them.
54) 3) dialog: (smiling) Well -- the best way is to take the  leg irons off first. (to Lawrence) But you ain't strong enough.
54) 5) dialog: You couldn't heft an axe.
54) 7) text: He's off, running toward a house. In the distance now, we hear the dogs baying, coming closer. Luke smiles at Ben.
54) 8) dialog: What's your name?
54) 10) text: Smiling, Luke sits in the dirt and begins ripping off the stripes as Lawrence appears, dragging a huge double-bitte axe behind him.
54) 11) dialog: (to Ben) You wanna see somethin' funny? Go  get some chili powder, pepper, curry,  dried mustard and like that. A lot  of it.
54) 12) text: Ben rockets off and Luke turns to see Lawrence, strugglin mightily, attempting to bring the axe over his head and d on the chains.
54) 13) dialog: Hold it!
54) 16) text: Lawrence cries and stomps unhappily, clouding up dust as  Luke severs the chain from one shackle. Ben APPEARS with armload of spices.
54) 18) text: Luke begins backing away, scuffing his feet in the dust,  pouring out the spices as he goes.
54) 19) dialog: stopping at Lawrence. The baying of the dogs is much clos now.
54) 20) dialog: You remember how them dogs do when  they get here so you can tell me  about it someday.
58) 7) text: It is taped to page in the magazine. It shows Luke in a s and tie, holding up four aces and a joker in one hand, ar around two buxom over-made strippers. On the table in fro of them is a giant bottle of champagne and glasses. Scraw across it is something in Luke's writing.
59) 17) text: Activity as the men dig out coins to purchase drinks. Dra pulls out the magazine and the men all gather round, gazi into it as though it were a crystal ball. Suddenly the wi door slams open and as the men look up... THEIR P.O.V. Luke is dumped to the floor, face down, unconscious, by B Paul, Boss Kean, others. The Captain is standing there ov him. Luke wears a new prison uniform and two sets of chai
59) 21) text: With his foot he prods Luke over onto his back.
59) 22) dialog: As he rolls over we can see he has been badly beaten.
59) 24) text: As the Captain turns and walks out past the guards who fo and the wicket chute CLANGS shut, Dragline, Koko and othe move forward and gently lift Luke onto the poker table.
59) 26) dialog: lying, eyes closed.
59) 34) dialog: as Blind Dick, Gambler, others move in...
59) 39) text: Gently he tucks two aspirin tablets into Luke's mouth, ho a cup of water to Luke's mouth. Luke's eyes slowly open, drinks the water.
59) 45) dialog: His eyes squint open, close.
59) 49) dialog: as his lips open. He speaks slowly, painfully.
59) 50) dialog: Picture's a phoney... Cost me a week's  pay.
59) 55) dialog: It's a phoney. Made it up just for  you guys.
59) 60) dialog: Nothin. I had nothin, made nothin.  Couple towns, couple bosses. Laughed  out loud one day and got turned in.
59) 62) dialog: That's all there was. Listen. Open  your eyes. Stop beatin' it. And stop  feedin' off me. Now get out of the  way. Give me some air.
59) 69) dialog: (wearily) Boss, you don't need reasons to hit  me.
60) 0) text: as Luke is slammed into it and the door is closed.
62) 3) text: He's heaping food onto Luke's plate.
62) 5) text: Higgins nods, Dogboy continues to pile it on. When Luke t to move on, Dogboy reaches out and grabs the plate with h free hand and continues to ladle it out. Behind Dogboy, J the cook, looks sympathetic to Luke.
62) 8) text: Luke looks at the impossibly piled plate and moves off.
63) 0) text: It is Saturday afternoon. The men have just returned from the road. Luke moves slowly toward the barracks, Dragline helping him.
63) 7) text: Luke looks up at them blindly.
63) 8) dialog: (weakly) I don't know, Boss.
63) 9) text: Boss Paul canes him and the other prisoners scatter. Boss Kean throws a shovel at Luke's feet.
63) 11) text: Luke takes up the shovel and starts to dig.
63) 13) text: He canes Luke across the back, Luke digs.
63) 15) dialog: He is hidden up to his waist in the trench he has dug, ab three feet deep and wide and as long as the lines Kean dr
63) 20) dialog: (not stopping) Diggin' my dirt outa Boss Kean's  ditch, Boss.
63) 21) text: Shorty is carrying a hoe handle with which he hits Luke o the head. Luke slumps to the ground.
63) 23) dialog: (getting to his feet) Yes, Boss.
63) 25) text: Luke begins slowly shoveling the dirt back into the ditch Boss Shorty nods with satisfaction and walks away.
63) 28) dialog: (getting to his feet) Yes, Boss.
63) 30) dialog: I don't know, Boss.
63) 32) text: He canes Luke on the back of the legs. Luke falls and rol over and Paul canes him across the head. Luke gets up on fours and makes a rush right at Boss Paul. He is so weak uncoordinated that the attack does nothing but smear bloo and dirt over Paul's uniform. The guards beat Luke away a he falls on his back in the soft dirt.
64) 0) text: The men are restless, their efforts to ignore what's happ are futile. Dragline gets up and looks out the window int the yard. Koko leans over beside him. He holds the pictur DRAGLINE'S P.O.V. Luke under the lights, working again, slowly, dumps a sho full of dirt and hasn't the strength to move the shovel.  Momentarily, he stops moving and is hit. We HEAR the thud and the groan he gives.
66) 0) text: Luke works. From inside we HEAR the music from the prison Boss Paul and Boss Kean appear.
66) 2) dialog: I... I... I...
66) 4) dialog: Please! Please!
66) 6) dialog: Don't hit me! Please, for God's sake,  don't hit me.
66) 8) dialog: God. I pray to God you won't hit me. (he grovels in the  dirt before them,  tears streaming down  his cheeks) I'll do whatever you say, but I can't  take no more. Please.
66) 12) dialog: Yes, Boss. I got it right.
66) 15) dialog: No, Boss! I won't. I won't. I got my  mind right. I got it right, Boss.  Please don't hit me no more.
68) 2) dialog: I know, I know. Just don't hit me.
68) 5) text: Luke slowly struggles to his feet and begins painfully  stumbling toward the barracks.
69) 0) text: as the chute opens and Luke staggers inside and the door slammed behind him.
69) 1) dialog: I got my mind right. I got it right.
69) 3) dialog: I got my mind right.
69) 5) dialog: (collapsing on his  bunk) Where are you now? I got my mind  right. You hear me? I got it right!
70) 0) text: The gang is working. Over a week has passed. Luke's wound are healed. He works in a slow, spiritless way, broken.
70) 6) text: Without a moments hesitation, Luke jogs over and gets the water pail and dipper from Rabbit and moves to the group men.
70) 7) text: as Luke moves around filling their cups. The men are sile some embarrassed, some sympathetic, some confused, some  disappointed.
70) 12) dialog: Yes sir, Boss Paul!
70) 16) dialog: Here he is, Boss. Deader'n hell but  he won't let go.
70) 19) dialog: Yes, Boss.
70) 30) text: Dragline running alongside trying to grab the door handle Inside Luke, grinning fiercely, as he drives. SHOTS sound Dragline gets hold of the door, swings inside. HOLD AND P the truck off down the road until all we can see is the s dump body.
72) 0) text: Dragline is exuberantly hacking away at palm fronds to co the truck while Luke is filing away at his chains.
72) 2) text: He laughs, shakes his head in appreciation. Luke ignores  him, continues to file. Dragline does another worshipful  imitation.
72) 4) dialog: Foolin', Hell! I would have eaten  that dirt for them. They coulda used  my head for a shovel and a my face  for a broom... They just never did  get a piece of my mind.
72) 6) text: Luke has filed through the chains, stands up.
72) 7) dialog: Yeah, well... I never planned nothin'  in my life...
73) 0) text: Luke and Dragline appear, tired and cold. Dragline is hav trouble keeping up. Seeing this, Luke stops and rests, lo off at church visible in distance.
73) 2) dialog: We ain't goin' nowhere.
73) 4) dialog: Yeah, well, you and Koko kin handle  it without me.
73) 6) dialog: I've done enough world-shakin' for a  while. You do the rest for me. Send  me a postcard about it.
73) 9) dialog: Take it easy, Drag.
73) 11) dialog: On my own.
73) 13) text: He looks up. Luke is in the distance.
74) 0) text: as Luke trots down the main street, passes the church.
74) 1) dialog: Hey, Old Man! You home tonight?
74) 3) dialog: If you kin spare a minute, it's about  time we had ourselves a little talk.
75) 0) text: Luke mounts the steps of the lectern, looks up.
75) 1) dialog: Old Man, I know I'm a pretty evil  feller who killed people in the war  and got drunk and chopped up municipal  merchandise and like that. I admit  ain't got no call to ask for much.  But even so, you ain't dealt me no  cards in a long time. I mean it's  beginning to look like you got it  fixed so I can't never win out. Inside  or out, it's just different bosses  and different rules. Where am I  supposed to fit in? Old Man, I got  to tell you: I started out pretty  strong and fast but it's starting to  get to me... When does it end?...  What you got in mind for me next?  Old Man. What do I do now? Awright.  On my hands and knees a skin'. Yeah.  That's what I thought. I guess I'm  just a hardcase and I gotta find my  way out myself.
75) 2) text: We HEAR the SOUND of vehicles outside, telling Luke that police have arrived. He starts for the back just as Dragl enters from the side entrance. Seeing him, Luke looks up the ceiling.
75) 3) dialog: Is that your answer, Old Man? You're  a hardcase too, ain't you?
75) 5) dialog: (amused) Do we even get our same bunks back?
75) 7) dialog: You don't understand a thing, do  you, Drag?
75) 9) dialog: Like I always do?
75) 11) text: He sees Luke moving toward the window.
75) 14) text: as Luke steps out of pitch black into the harsh light in  full view, calm, slight smile, having chosen his moment. voice is loud, clear, mocking:
75) 15) dialog: WHAT WE GOT HERE IS A FAILURE TO  COMMUNICATE...
75) 16) text: A SHOT! It catches Luke in the throat and throws him back but he stays in the light, still smiling.
77) 0) text: as Luke falls to one knee, trying to hold himself up. Dra is by his side, helps him up and to the door.
78) 0) text: where Bosses Kean and Paul move in to handcuff Luke. Drag seeing Godfrey, bellows out an INCOHERENT ROAR and charge past the surprised guards to knock Godfrey to the ground, tear his glasses from him. Confused, bewildered, Godfrey  gropes for the glasses as the prison guards beat Dragline into submission.
78) 6) text: as he is brought past Dragline, who is being held by seve guards. Tears stream down Dragline's cheeks. Luke looks a him, still smiling as he is pushed into the Captain's car
79) 0) text: as it begins to move out. In the b.g. across the road we the Negro villagers watching, silently. The window of the car is up and the reflections on the glass make Luke alre dim, a little distant.
79) 3) text: as the men grow smaller in the limitless field of gold  stretching in all directions as far as the eye can see,  intersected by four roads that reach out to infinity. Now the men are specks, now invisible in the fields and there are only the roads, lines in the gold, going on forever.  OVER THIS, SUPERIMPOSE the PICTURE OF LUKE, now scotch-ta together, HOLD and