3) 0) text: as the Bosses (BOSS PAUL and BOSS HIGGINS) motion for the the other Newmeat (to be known as TRAMP, ALIBI, and TATTO stumble into each other and jostle Luke in their eagernes to obey orders.
3) 7) dialog: I was tryin' to keep outa the rain.
3) 9) dialog: Yes, sir.
3) 11) dialog: Yes, Boss.
5) 5) text: Tramp makes terrified and ineffectual efforts to scoop th stew back onto his plate with his hand, wiping his hand o his uniform, etc., then trying to obliterate the stain on the floor with a foot.
7) 1) text: The men are preparing for their hour of free time. Gamble has layed out the blanket for the poker game and is shuff cards. Koko and BLIND DICK have their seats, are arrangin their piles of change. Luke sits at the other end of the  table, past the blanket line. Dragline who has been talki to the Wicker Man now enters casually as we HEAR Dynamite change in hand, moving to the game berating Tramp.
7) 3) dialog: I didn't know. I was hungry.
7) 10) dialog: (good-naturedly) Ain't no worse than some I been  called.
9) 2) text: Luke stands, holding a strut in the roof and watching wit amusement as Tattoo is shoved away by Dragline, then Koko and then pushed from man to man as he tries to sit down b always finds a lap in the way. Bawdy laughter; it's a gam but earnest. As they settle Tattoo winds up on the floor grins, understands, finds a place beside Tramp. Across th way Alibi begins a serious conversation with Blind Dick.
9) 10) text: Tattoo and Tramp look uncertain, frightened.
9) 20) dialog: (to Koko) I ain't used to hard labor neither.  Done my best to avoid it.
9) 25) dialog: I shore would appreciate it. I ain't  in much shape just now.
9) 28) dialog: I ain't got much. A quarter?
9) 35) dialog: If you even need dough in here, I'm  in big trouble.
12) 0) text: as it is opened from the outside. Tramp sits up against t bench, still in rocky shape from his collapse. The others step over him as though he weren't there. Luke appears, l a sleepwalker. He grabs the side rails, gets one foot up tries to pull himself over the edge of the truck body. Bu the muscles are just used up. Boss Paul sees this and giv Luke a kick, timed so that it coincides with his jump. It gives him just the added momentum needed to send him over the edge of the body and sprawling along the floor. He's last one and as the guards lock them up, he grins up at  Dragline and Gambler from his prone position.
14) 8) dialog: I gotta tell you that I believed it.
14) 31) text: as Dragline hooks on the glasses. Luke, Tattoo and Tramp working around here.
14) 33) text: Tramp smiles.
14) 36) dialog: Coulda fooled me.
14) 67) dialog: I wouldn't mind being that hose.
16) 20) dialog: How can you sleep with that damn  squeaking!
16) 53) dialog: Why don't you just stay there? He's  only gonna knock you down agin.
18) 12) dialog: I ain't forgot.
18) 15) text: Dragline, Dynamite, Gambler, Tattoo, Loudmouth Steve, Ali Sleepy, Stupid Blondie and Chief cross over, leaving Luke Koko, Society Red, Tramp, Babalugats, Blind Dick, Mechani and Sailor. The tar truck begins to move slowly down the  road, spreading a black, hot, acrid wake behind it.
18) 46) dialog: Go hard!
19) 6) dialog: You oughta be glad you got somebody.
26) 28) text: Sleepy appears, as does Tramp, to make beta.
58) 25) dialog: Wonder how he got the dough.
59) 36) dialog: He don't hear.
59) 58) dialog: Some life.
61) 0) text: The poker game is in progress: Dragline, Koko, Blind Dick Gambler, Tattoo with Tramp behind him. Society Red stands the window, looking out as he brushes his hair.