11) 16) text: My card. PAUL KIRBY is a talkative optimist with no "off" switch. His wife AMANDA KIRBY, just as friendly, is harder to read. There seems to be exhaustion behind her eyes.
12) 0) text: They’re only halfway through the entree, but Grant is rea bolt. It's only Billy who's keeping him from being rude. over to Paul and Amanda’s table and sit down.
12) 2) dialog: It is truly, what’s the word? Inspiring.
12) 5) dialog: We even have two seats reserved aboard the first commercial moon flight. Billy nudges Grant.
12) 8) dialog: ...once-in-a-lifetime.
12) 13) dialog: You see, that's just the thing. Paul and I have special permission to fly low.
12) 16) dialog: From what I understand, it's pretty much whatever we want.
12) 19) dialog: Dr. Grant, you don't know how important it is for us to have you come along. It would make all the difference. Grant is trying to find another way to say no, when Paul out his checkbook.
19) 0) text: In various combinations, Grant and Billy, Paul and Amanda out the windows at the amazingly green island. Cooper looks out through a window of his own.
22) 0) text: Paul puts his hand atop Amanda's as they stare intently o window. Billy looks to Grant.
24) 6) dialog: It's going to be all right. Just... Grant is out of his seat, heading for the cockpit. He'll the controls if he has to. Cooper grabs him, pulling him back. Grant starts to strug but he's certainly no match. A well-practiced fist hits h dead on. CUT TO BLACK.
24) 8) dialog: Eric! Eric! Are you there honey? Ben! Erriccc! Her calls continue as we FADE UP to...
26) 0) text: The jungle has almost reclaimed this patchy vine-covered runway. The airplane is parked at one end. Nash, Udesky, and Cooper are checking their weapons. Amanda is at the edge of the tarmac calling into the jung BULLHORN. Billy and a groggy Grant emerge from the airplane. Paul t over.
26) 5) dialog: (on-bullhorn)
26) 9) text: Amanda, Honey! Dr. Grant says it's a bad idea!
26) 10) dialog: (on the bullhorn)
26) 14) dialog: (on the bullhorn)
27) 1) dialog: We can't just...
33) 0) text: All eyes are on the creature as it devours Cooper. Amanda away in horror.
33) 1) dialog: Oh, my God! Paul, my God!
38) 0) text: The passengers are prowled on the ceiling of the plane, d by the impact. Everyone is cut and bruised. Out of the open cockpit, they see two approaching dino fe A window near Amanda fogs over with condensation. when it clears, she finds herself looking right into enormous eye Then all hell breaks loose as the plane is SLAMMED across jungle clearing. The passengers are hammered against the walls of the plan tumbling like socks in a dryer. Debris, seats and luggage everywhere.
42) 0) text: Our friends stop dead in their tracks. Amanda stifles a c Before them lies an immense unmoving SAUROPOD.
43) 0) text: Dashing back the way they came, the group suddenly comes to face with -- THE FIRST MONSTER. We now get our first full unobstructed view of the gigant creature, SPINOSAURUS AEGYPTICUS. Over forty feet long an twenty-five feet high, the dinosaur has a bony sail along back. Its head is crocodilian with rows of long, curving Sinewy six foot arms terminate in three fingers hands wit fourteen inch claws. Nowhere else to run, the group scatters into the brush as two behemoth predators rush forward, their ROARS thundero Paul and Amanda scramble into one direction, Billy and Ud the other. But Grant can't go anywhere - his foot is stuc between two branches. He manages to free himself as the two dinosaurs approach. They'll have to deal with each other before eating the hu Grant dives down between two fallen trees as the Spinosau Rex circle one another like gladiators, each searching fo other's weakness. Laying flat on his back, Grant lets out a terrified GASP giant foot of Spinosaurus lands across the two trunks mer inches from his face. Spinosaurus lunges forward, powerful jaw open wide. T-Rex sidesteps the assault, its tail knocking down small trees as it spins out of the way. In the tress, Paul and Amanda scurry again for cover. Between the fallen trunks, Grant attempts to get away on hands and knees. T-Rex presses the attack, slamming its tail into the flan its adversary. Spinosaurus is knocked back, and Grant is forced to duck for cover. As Spinosaurus struggles to regain its balance, T-Rex div forward. Spinosaurus is driven backwards as T-Rex tries t grip its throat. Amanda yanks Paul out of their path. They Scramble over t Billy. Now on its side, Spinosaurus fights back ferociously. It at T-Rex with its long arms and razor sharp claws, then f kicks the animal with one mammoth foot. Tyrannosaurus staggers back, wounded. Down below, Grant is splashed by the blood pouring from t dinosaur, as he slowly makes his way towards his fellow h Spinosaurus lunges for the T-rex with gaping jaws and man topple T-Rex off its feet and sends the falling dinosaur ground. With an earth-shuttering CRASH, the dinosaur lands betwee Grant and the rest of the group. The companions scurry out of the way, but as they do so, head of the T-Rex now lands almost directly on top of the Plastered against an immense tree, the group watches in h as T-Rex starts to rise but is thrown back down as Spinos latches onto its throat. Spinosaurus crushes the life out of its adversary, and T- opens and closes its jaw a mere inches from our terrified friends. Finally, Grant reaches the others.
44) 2) dialog: Our son is on this island. We need your help to find him. Still crunched against the tree, Paul pulls out a photo f shirt pocket.
44) 4) dialog: He's with a man named Ben Hildebrand.
44) 7) dialog: A friend. We were vacationing. Eric wanted to see the island and the dinosaurs, so Ben found a guy who would take them parasailing. They never came back.
44) 20) dialog: Still, you have survived the dinosaurs before. You saved those kids.
44) 22) text: How many days have they been missing? A look between Amanda and Paul.
44) 25) dialog: He's smart, Dr. Grant. And he knows so much about dinosaurs. Before anyone else can talk, Grant puts his hand out. He everyone to shut up while he plans their next move.
45) 0) text: The five survivors search through the wreckage, trying to anything useful. The task is grim. Mindful of Grant's  warnings, they move quickly and quietly. Udesky picks up a gun out of the swampy water. The barrel almost 90 degrees, unless. Billy finds his camera, intact. Digging a change of clothes out of his suitcase, Paul ste around the side of the plane to change. He's in his under before he notices Amanda is also there changing.
45) 2) dialog: Nothing you haven't seen before. A beat. Amanda looks over as they get dressed.
45) 3) dialog: How much weight have you lost?
45) 5) dialog: You hate to swim.
45) 8) dialog: So do you. They make brief eye contact, which Amanda breaks. Around the side, Billy is taking photos of a giant footpr dinosaur left in the mud during its attack on the plane. looks over.
46) 0) text: Amanda, Paul, Billy, Udesky and Grant walk through the ju
46) 1) dialog: Eric!
46) 5) dialog: Well we should split up or something. We can cover twice the area.
46) 7) dialog: Dr. Grant says this, Dr. Grant says that...
46) 9) dialog: Because "Dr. Grant" isn't looking for Eric. Dr. Grant is looking for the coast.
46) 11) dialog: Oh, don't worry about that.
46) 13) dialog: Nothing.
46) 15) dialog: Nothing.
46) 17) dialog: Just drop it Paul! The Kirby's conversation trails off into the jungle. Udes moves up next to Grant and Billy.
47) 2) dialog: Eric...
47) 4) dialog: That's Ben's! She grabs it from Udesky and pops open the housing. She t the power switch on the camcorder, but the battery's dead Udesky pull out a flashlight from his pack and looks to A
47) 9) dialog: It works!
47) 14) dialog: I filmed this the morning they left. Ben catches the frisbee, checks his watch and motions to Eric runs over, and Ben puts his arm around him as they r the camera. Paul reacts to this image but holds his tongue.
47) 27) text: We're going to get out of this, pal. And on that, the power and picture fade away. BACK ON PAUL AND AMANDA - overjoyed.
48) 0) text: Reeling, Amanda comes to a stop in an area with thick undergrowth. It's danger here, very still and quiet. She tries to calm herself, but each effort to suppress ju makes her more emotional. She's surprised as Paul wraps a around her to comfort her. But she doesn't fight it.
48) 2) dialog: No, it's...
48) 4) dialog: (frustrated)
48) 6) dialog: I guess I was hoping that with Ben around, there'd be someone to keep him safe. Checking in on clients, Udesky stops at the edge of the thicket. Something raises the hairs on the back of his ne
49) 1) dialog: (to Paul)
49) 7) dialog: Wait! Where's Billy? They all stop. The only one not there is -- Grant
49) 9) dialog: (almost sotto)
52) 3) dialog: Eric! All listen for a response. Nothing. Paul and Amanda excha despondent look. Sitting on the reception counter is an official-looking telephone. Everyone has the same thought, but no one dare Finally -
52) 4) dialog: What the hell. Amanda puts the receiver to her ear. Nada. With Grant in the lead, they head deeper into the buildin Unseen by the group, a fleeting SHADOW flits across the l dirty windows with terrifying speed.
54) 3) dialog: This is how you make dinosaurs?
56) 0) text: The group slams the door behind them and quickly takes in room. There are several rows of oversized steel cages, apparent used for containing young dinosaurs. Many of the cage doo standing open. The group races down a lone aisle. Close behind, the rapt BURSTS into the room, ROARS. As the Raptor gains ground, Udesky and Billy run into one open cages, SLAMMING the door behind them. Grant, Paul and Amanda duck into another. Before they can swing the cage door shut behind them, however, the raptor into it, driving the door into the cage. They are forced back against a chain-like wall, trapped i small triangle space by the advancing door. The angry Raptor is now inches away through the cage door. Then, suddenly, the raptor looks up. We follow its gaze. of their triangular enclose is wide open. The eager raptor climbs up the chain-like door. Catching tail of an idea, Amanda grabs the door and nods to the ot
56) 1) dialog: Push! They push hard on the cage door, swinging it and the rapt right through the opening of the cage. Now the raptor is trapped in a small triangular space, th going right to the ceiling. Amanda slides the door's bolt through the chain like wall temporarily trapping the dinosaur. The raptor struggles desperately, GRAWLING AND SNARLING, the cage door seems to be holding. As everyone rushes back to the door. The raptor begins to make a LOW, HAUNTING MOAN. As the others head for the door, Grant lingers a step, li to the beast's simple melodic cry. It has the same tones came from the model resonating chamber.
58) 0) text: As the hadrosaurs WHIP PAST, Paul and Amanda climb up int tree. A raptor leaps at Paul, barely missing his leg. Trying to pull Paul up, Amanda nearly loses her balance. time, Paul catchers her. Billy climbs up a nearby tree of his own in sight of Paul Udesky has nearly reached a tree of his own when he finds himself
58) 4) dialog: (Listening)
58) 9) dialog: We have to help him.
58) 11) dialog: He's not a kill, he's still alive. She breaks from Paul's grip and drops to the ground. She' a foot away from the tree when
63) 1) dialog: We can't just stop looking. Eric and Dr. Grant are out there somewhere.
63) 7) dialog: Well Dr. Grant isn't here, so we're going to have to figure out what to do ourselves. Amanda is impressed by her own determinations. A long bea AMANDA (cont'd)
65) 0) text: Everyone's moved to different branches, trying to settle the night. Paul keeps looking over to the tearful Amanda, to say something. He finally does.
65) 3) dialog: Well what?
65) 5) dialog: This wouldn't happen if he was with you. I mean, you drive five miles below the speed limit. I totaled three cars in fives years.
65) 7) dialog: He would have been, safe. Completely, entirely, suffocatingly safe. (beat)
67) 0) text: Billy and Amanda wait for Paul as he comes out of the bus hiking up his shorts. Trying to take charge...
67) 2) dialog: What about Eric and Dr. Grant?
67) 4) dialog: What about Eric? Billy represses his instinct to say Eric's dead.
69) 0) text: Paul is picking the briars out of his socks as they hike, risking tripping on every step. Then Amanda stops short. the first to hear it: THE SAME RINGING. After a beat, everyone else can hear it too. And recongni finally lights on Paul's face...
69) 2) dialog: You had the phone the whole time?
69) 5) dialog: When did you have it last?
69) 7) dialog: Think. And Paul wracks his memory...
69) 9) dialog: What?...WHAT!?
70) 4) dialog: (reassuring him)
72) 3) dialog: Then we go home. Grant leads everyone down a RAMP to --
73) 1) dialog: You okay? Grant nods and looks in the other direction.
73) 3) dialog: Do you think it goes all the way across?
73) 6) text: We'd better do this one at a time. Amanda steps of and Grant carefully pushes forward, disappearing into the thick fog. The others listen to the CREAKING of the catwalk until it ABRIPTLY. SILENCE.
73) 9) dialog: Eric, its okay. You'll be right behind me.
73) 11) text: We're all together now, Eric. Eric reluctantly releases her mother. Amanda starts to cr
74) 0) text: Grant has stopped at a lateral support across the catwalk, trying to get the sense of where they are and wh purpose this place may have served. Seeing that the support beams are brace high arched walls mesh, it becomes obvious that we are inside this vast construction. Amanda emerges from the mist and turns back to the catwal
74) 1) dialog: (calling out)
77) 2) dialog: What is it?
78) 10) dialog: (shouting)
84) 0) text: The pteranodon who landed on the top of the catwalk conti SNAP through the hole in the enclosure. Finally the reptile's massive weight proves to much, and entire section of the catwalk BREAKS FREE of the canyon w and FLIPS OVER LATERALLY. Amanda, Grant and Paul are able to hang on, but so is the pteranodon, who now climbs their way.
86) 0) text: Paul, Grant and Amanda struggle to stay away from the pteranodon as it moves towards them. Suddenly. the far end of this inverted section of catwalk detaches from the canyon wall and SWINGS DOWNWARD. The force of the action sends the three tumbling directly towards the pteranodon. Miraculously, they manage to avoid its open beak. But the are all sent plummeting toward the river below.
89) 0) text: Paul and Amanda emerge from the water by the canyon wall find their son hiding behind a rock, searching the skies Billy. Amanda takes Eric tightly in her arms, and Paul urges the keep moving. Up ahead, the mesh of the aviary meets the r Wading the shore, Grant now scans the canyon, searching f Billy. It doesn't take long to spot him.
91) 0) text: Eric, Amanda, Paul and Grant watch in amazement as Billy last to PLUNGE DOWN into the river.
94) 0) text: Yanking the starter rope one final time, Paul finally get engine to turn over, PUTTERING along. Amanda is beside hi bailing water.
94) 2) dialog: You couldn't have made that jump.
94) 4) dialog: How would you have helped Eric? (he can't answer)
94) 7) dialog: But he didn't. And neither did you. And I'm glad about that.
94) 16) text: I can blame the people who made this island. But I can't blame the people who want to see it. To study it. At the rear of the barge, Paul just now sees what's ahead struck, he slows the motor and motions for Amanda to take look. And so do we.
96) 3) dialog: I've got it! I've got it! Grant snatches the RINGING SAT-PHONE from Amanda's hands, presses a button, and puts it to his ear.
97) 5) dialog: I wouldn't trust Stan with a snowball in a blizzard. Paul glares at her. Now Eric notices something odd in the river.
97) 11) dialog: Who are you calling? But Grant ignores the question. RING. RING.
103) 0) text: Dropping the dead phone, Grant scrambles towards the fron the boat and joins Paul, Amanda and Eric, who have taken in the dinosaur cage. The fearsome beast now lifts the stern of the boat clear the water. The cage SCRAPES across the deck and SLAMS into the gunwa toppling off the barge and INTO THE RIVER. Grant and the Kirby’s are still inside.
104) 1) dialog: 
104) 6) text: Up! Up! He points to a heavy crane assembly, designed for lifting off the large boats. Now well accustomed to fleeing on command, Amanda sends Eric up first, climbing the scaffol like a jungle gym. All the while, they're trying to spot Paul. Grant is the last to climb, reaching the first section as Spinosaurus returns from the water, SLAMMING into the bas the crane. The whole assembly SHUDDERS, threatening to ri the water.
104) 8) dialog: Just hold on. Try as it might, the beast can't climb the crane. So inst RAMS it, SHAKES it, trying to knock them off. Eric slips, Amanda catches him. About to shed his bag to climb higher, Grant finds one la hope. It's the resonation chamber model. A beat before he decides: It may not be the best choice, but it's the only He blows through it, the same EERIE PITCH we heard before the third try, he's able to approximate the "egg" cry he the raptors give. He keeps it up, repeating over and over Spinosaurus stops for a beat, confused How this sound cou coming from a non-raptor. But then keeps SMASHING. We can hear the mounting bolts STRAIN. Soon the whole cra will tip. But not before a MATCHING CRY is heard in the jungle. Gra stops, not certain he heard it. But there it is AGAIN. He keeps blowing. The crane is close to tipping when a single RAPTOR appear from the darkness, CHIRP-BARKING at the Spinosaur, who si bats away. But then MORE RAPTORS come. And even MORE. Soon there are dozens gathering, circling. Grant stops signaling. All three survivors watch with horrified fascination, knowing their fate is perilous no which side wins. Looking at his adversaries, Spinosaurus ROARS. And sudden the raptors attack. Spinosaurus easily handles the first few, but like ants t just keep coming. They climb up his back, slicing, into h their razor-sharp claws.
105) 2) dialog: I know. I know. I want to look for him too.
105) 4) dialog: Let me tell you a few things about you Dad, okay? He's very very very clever, very very brave, and he loves you ever very much.
105) 6) dialog: Okay. He loves us very very much. And I know that right now more than anything, your Dad would want to know that we're safe. Okay? Eric nods.
105) 7) dialog: We're going to get out of this, and everything's going to be all right, I promise.
106) 4) dialog: We should try fishing again.
106) 6) dialog: I do. It's worth another shot. And who knows? Things might turn out differently. Her hand takes his, gently brushing off the wet sand, fin touching. It's a small thing, but it's a start. Sensing his cue to leave, Grant gets up and starts walkin the beach. Eric hurries to follow him. He speaks conspiratorially, not wanting to alarm his parents.
106) 15) text: They look worried. Eric nods and heads back to Paul and Amanda. Grant forges approaching the speedboat wreckage. He doesn't know what find, but he needs to look. Almost reaching his parents, Eric stops. Looks out over t ocean, where he sees TWO LIGHTS. He doesn't say anything for a moment, trying to make sure they're real. They are. And they're coming closer.
106) 24) text: No we're not. THE FIRST CHOPPER. flies right overhead. Paul and Amanda are confused, until second helicopter starts to land -- the first on is there cover them. Grant YELLS at the first chopper, trying to wave it away. the noise of the blades is DEAFENDING.
110) 0) text: Seeing the explosion, the SECOND CHOPPER PILOT takes off. Amanda and Paul are on board, but Grant is still running The helicopter passes right over him.
110) 1) dialog: (to the pilot)
112) 0) text: Up with the pilot, Amanda sees the other pteranodons are back to the island, unable to keep up.
112) 1) dialog: They're not following. In back, Paul and Eric get the ladder mechanism to begin retract. It reels Grant in faster. It also reels in the pteranodon, which may be caught, but is still plenty dang As Grant reaches the cabin, they shut off the ladder engi The pteranodon is still working its way free, pulling its and closer.
114) 5) dialog: I would completely support that.