10) 0) text: CLOSE ON a man's hand, carefully scraping the stone away dinosaur fossil. We follow his hand back as he wipes off sweaty brow, revealing him to be BILLY BRENNAN, 25, an associate professor and site manager. He's a charmer. Looking past him, we see CHERYL, 21, a junior at junior o of a dozen COLLEGE STUDENTS working at the site, and the most smitten with her supervisor.
10) 2) dialog: You need to go slowly. See, just take it little at a time. She's not listening, just watching his eyelashes.
10) 4) dialog: Technically, it's all rock. The calcium in the bones is replaced during fossilization. But you can feel the difference. See? Rough, smooth. Rough, smooth. He runs her bare fingers over the two different patches, her. After a pause, she runs her finger along his stubbly chin...
10) 6) text: Smooth. Billy may not have started this flirtation, but he's not it either. It's then that a
10) 8) dialog: Dr. Grant! Grant has just returned, a bag over his shoulder.
11) 0) text: Billy takes one of Grant's bags, talking as they go.
11) 1) dialog: How was your trip? Profitable?
11) 3) dialog: Three weeks. I had to rent some equipment. The cross into one of the tents, which only has two "wall a dust-taped table, a dusty Macintosh is feeing data into strange machine the size of a dorm refrigerator. A mechan back and forth across a tray of fine sand.
11) 5) dialog: It's a rapid prototyper. I feed in the scan data from the raptor skull, than the computer breaks it into thousands of slices which this thing prints, one layer on top of the other. It's the future of paleontology.
11) 7) dialog: I give you a raptor's resonating chamber. Grant hates technology, but he can't help but be amazed b result. He lifts the strange object up, shaking out the remaining sand. Billy puts it to his lips and blows through it like a con The resulting SOUND is unique and piercing, the cry of an non-existent animal. Grant is speechless with excitement. uses it again and again, producing different SOUNDS and variations. In the distance, flocks of birds rise to the sky and fly Billy looks up to see a MAN and a WOMAN getting out of a Cadillac. Cheryl is pointing them in the direction of t tent. BILLY (cont'd)                                  (falsely casual)                                         
11) 10) dialog: They're here.
12) 0) text: They’re only halfway through the entree, but Grant is rea bolt. It's only Billy who's keeping him from being rude. over to Paul and Amanda’s table and sit down.
12) 14) dialog: How low?
14) 0) text: Grant re-settles, trying to get comfortable. Billy is acr from him, finishing cleaning his camera lenses before put them back in the ragged case.
14) 2) dialog: No way. This is lucky. Couple years ago some buddies and I went hang gliding off these cliffs in New Zealand. Updraft sent me right into the side. BOOM!
14) 4) dialog: It was this strap alone that saved my life. Got caught on a rock as I was falling.
14) 6) dialog: Listen Alan, I really appreciate you bringing me along.
14) 10) dialog: So how do you know the Kirby's? and we reveal... Mercenary Cooper, the weapons specialist we met earlier. wearing sunglasses so dark you can't tell whether he's st at you or fast asleep. He doesn't answer. Did he even hear? And then --
14) 12) dialog: What Religion?
17) 0) text: Grant wakes up with a start, disoriented. Billy is leanin him.
17) 1) dialog: Alan. We're almost there. The adrenaline still surging through him, Grant turns and THROUGH THE WINDOW. Clouds obscure the view, than parts reveal
19) 0) text: In various combinations, Grant and Billy, Paul and Amanda out the windows at the amazingly green island. Cooper looks out through a window of his own.
22) 0) text: Paul puts his hand atop Amanda's as they stare intently o window. Billy looks to Grant.
22) 1) dialog: Admit it. You're excited. Grant will admit nothing. Calling back from the cockpit...
22) 6) dialog: (amazed)
25) 0) text: GRANT'S P.O.V. -- blurry and disorientated. He finds hims on the floor of the plane. Seeing him come to, Billy helps him slowly get up. Grant' is pounding.
25) 2) dialog: I think they're looking for someone.
26) 0) text: The jungle has almost reclaimed this patchy vine-covered runway. The airplane is parked at one end. Nash, Udesky, and Cooper are checking their weapons. Amanda is at the edge of the tarmac calling into the jung BULLHORN. Billy and a groggy Grant emerge from the airplane. Paul t over.
26) 18) dialog: (low)
27) 3) dialog: What about the other guy?
36) 1) dialog: Is anyone hurt? Checking themselves, everyone seems pretty much intact. Still thinking of himself as in charge...
40) 1) dialog: Over here! Udesky dives into the narrowing gap, and Billy pulls him rest of the way through. Billy is as terrified as the rest of them, but he thrives this rush of adrenaline.
43) 0) text: Dashing back the way they came, the group suddenly comes to face with -- THE FIRST MONSTER. We now get our first full unobstructed view of the gigant creature, SPINOSAURUS AEGYPTICUS. Over forty feet long an twenty-five feet high, the dinosaur has a bony sail along back. Its head is crocodilian with rows of long, curving Sinewy six foot arms terminate in three fingers hands wit fourteen inch claws. Nowhere else to run, the group scatters into the brush as two behemoth predators rush forward, their ROARS thundero Paul and Amanda scramble into one direction, Billy and Ud the other. But Grant can't go anywhere - his foot is stuc between two branches. He manages to free himself as the two dinosaurs approach. They'll have to deal with each other before eating the hu Grant dives down between two fallen trees as the Spinosau Rex circle one another like gladiators, each searching fo other's weakness. Laying flat on his back, Grant lets out a terrified GASP giant foot of Spinosaurus lands across the two trunks mer inches from his face. Spinosaurus lunges forward, powerful jaw open wide. T-Rex sidesteps the assault, its tail knocking down small trees as it spins out of the way. In the tress, Paul and Amanda scurry again for cover. Between the fallen trunks, Grant attempts to get away on hands and knees. T-Rex presses the attack, slamming its tail into the flan its adversary. Spinosaurus is knocked back, and Grant is forced to duck for cover. As Spinosaurus struggles to regain its balance, T-Rex div forward. Spinosaurus is driven backwards as T-Rex tries t grip its throat. Amanda yanks Paul out of their path. They Scramble over t Billy. Now on its side, Spinosaurus fights back ferociously. It at T-Rex with its long arms and razor sharp claws, then f kicks the animal with one mammoth foot. Tyrannosaurus staggers back, wounded. Down below, Grant is splashed by the blood pouring from t dinosaur, as he slowly makes his way towards his fellow h Spinosaurus lunges for the T-rex with gaping jaws and man topple T-Rex off its feet and sends the falling dinosaur ground. With an earth-shuttering CRASH, the dinosaur lands betwee Grant and the rest of the group. The companions scurry out of the way, but as they do so, head of the T-Rex now lands almost directly on top of the Plastered against an immense tree, the group watches in h as T-Rex starts to rise but is thrown back down as Spinos latches onto its throat. Spinosaurus crushes the life out of its adversary, and T- opens and closes its jaw a mere inches from our terrified friends. Finally, Grant reaches the others.
44) 5) dialog: Who's that?
44) 17) dialog: That was Isla Nublar. This is Isla Sorna. The second island.
45) 0) text: The five survivors search through the wreckage, trying to anything useful. The task is grim. Mindful of Grant's  warnings, they move quickly and quietly. Udesky picks up a gun out of the swampy water. The barrel almost 90 degrees, unless. Billy finds his camera, intact. Digging a change of clothes out of his suitcase, Paul ste around the side of the plane to change. He's in his under before he notices Amanda is also there changing.
45) 10) dialog: Obviously a superpredator. (best guess)
45) 13) dialog: Baryonyx?
45) 16) dialog: I don't remember that on InGen's list.
45) 18) dialog: So Mr. Kirby, tell me, when you climbed K2, did you base camp at 25- or 30,000 feet?
45) 20) dialog: About a thousand feet above it, actually. (closer)
45) 24) dialog: I don't suppose that check you wrote us is any good.
46) 0) text: Amanda, Paul, Billy, Udesky and Grant walk through the ju
47) 6) dialog: It looks intact.
49) 8) text: Billy! Billy!
49) 11) dialog: Here! He comes in from the left. Excited, he explains to Grant
49) 12) dialog: I got some great pictures of the nest. You know this proves raptors raised their young in colonies. Furious with his student. Grant just keeps moving. There' time to stand around and argue.
49) 13) dialog: This speaks to a larger social structure, the possibility of Darwinian altruism. It changes everything. A beat. Trying not to sound presumptuous --
49) 14) dialog: We could co-write a paper.
53) 3) dialog: Thank God for preservatives. He tosses the food to the others. Paul now turns to his own vending machine and SMASHES it his heal. The glass refuses to break.
54) 0) text: Grant and Billy push through a set of doors to see
54) 5) dialog: Okay if I take pictures? Grant nods. Billy sets his lucky camera back down on the worktable. T from now, astute observers of the DVD will not that Billy doesn't actually take his camera from the bag; he was car it because there wasn't any room inside. Billy pulls a new roll of film from the bag and zips it s
56) 0) text: The group slams the door behind them and quickly takes in room. There are several rows of oversized steel cages, apparent used for containing young dinosaurs. Many of the cage doo standing open. The group races down a lone aisle. Close behind, the rapt BURSTS into the room, ROARS. As the Raptor gains ground, Udesky and Billy run into one open cages, SLAMMING the door behind them. Grant, Paul and Amanda duck into another. Before they can swing the cage door shut behind them, however, the raptor into it, driving the door into the cage. They are forced back against a chain-like wall, trapped i small triangle space by the advancing door. The angry Raptor is now inches away through the cage door. Then, suddenly, the raptor looks up. We follow its gaze. of their triangular enclose is wide open. The eager raptor climbs up the chain-like door. Catching tail of an idea, Amanda grabs the door and nods to the ot
57) 4) dialog: 
58) 0) text: As the hadrosaurs WHIP PAST, Paul and Amanda climb up int tree. A raptor leaps at Paul, barely missing his leg. Trying to pull Paul up, Amanda nearly loses her balance. time, Paul catchers her. Billy climbs up a nearby tree of his own in sight of Paul Udesky has nearly reached a tree of his own when he finds himself
58) 10) dialog: He's right. A predator wouldn't leave a kill wounded.
58) 14) dialog: They set a trap (amazed)
63) 0) text: The trio is where we left them, perched up in the branche They're far from safe, but nothing's after them for a while. In Billy's eyes, we can see a storm of guilt raging. But hasn't said anything. Won't say anything.
63) 4) dialog: I don’t know.
63) 6) dialog: Dr. Grant was.
67) 0) text: Billy and Amanda wait for Paul as he comes out of the bus hiking up his shorts. Trying to take charge...
67) 1) dialog: We need to stick to the plan. Head for the coast.
67) 3) dialog: Going to the coast was Alan's idea. If he's alive, that’s where he's headed.
67) 6) text: He's probably has a better chance by the coast as it is. Figures that all the big dinosaurs would live in the center of the island. (to Billy)
67) 8) dialog: Sure.
69) 3) dialog: Where is it?
70) 12) dialog: Alan, I want to tell you that I'm so sorry about the...
70) 14) dialog: Please, okay? Just yell at me. Call me an idiot. An asshole. Stupid. Tell me I screwed up because I know I did. Grant doesn't respond.
70) 15) dialog: I thought if we could get a raptor back to the mainland, we could get serious money for it. Enough to fund the digging for 10 years. More. Whatever it took. Grant shakes his head, disgusted, But doesn't stop.
70) 16) dialog: You have to believe me. I did it with the best intentions.
70) 19) text: You're no better than the people who built this place. Grant keeps walking, leaving Billy with his guilt.
71) 0) text: The group enters a structure with giant windows designed look into the canyon beyond -- only there's nothing to se thick fog. Toward the center of the room, a spiral staircase that le a lower level. With Billy lagging, Grant approaches the stairs and peers the circular opening in the floor. There is not much to s fog, a glint of sunlight.
78) 4) dialog: It won't hold! Suddenly,
80) 0) text: Grant looks up to see Billy leaning out over the edge of observation platform. He suddenly realizes what Billy is to do.
80) 2) dialog: Billy SHOUTS BACK, an excited-terrified grin on his face.
80) 3) dialog: 
80) 7) dialog: 
81) 0) text: Eric struggles to keep away from the hatchlings. But ther no way out of this nest. Billy SWOOPS overhead, but he's too high to reach Eric.
81) 1) dialog: 
83) 0) text: Billy circles, making his approach. In the nest, Eric kicks at the hatchlings, but they're undeterred. Billy and Eric will only have one chance. As Billy swoops past, Eric jumps and grabs onto his boot. yanked up and out of the nest. But than, MOTHER PTERANODO shoots past, tearing out a piece of the parasail in its b
85) 0) text: His parasail badly damaged, Billy tries to keep aloft. He as low as he dares, he yells to Eric --
85) 1) dialog: Let go! Terrified, Eric falls into the river safely. He surfaces, immediately swimming to shore. Trying to gain altitude, Billy bends hard to the right. B rigging is too badly damaged. He flies right into the can wall, hitting hard. Instead of tumbling down to the river, he finds himself swinging from his harness - the parasail snagged on a roc spire above him.
88) 0) text: The two pteranodons who were pursuing Billy now land on n ledges and consider how best to dispatch their prey. Billy frantically tries to unhook his harness, but the te is so tight from his own weight that he can't loosen the buckles.
89) 0) text: Paul and Amanda emerge from the water by the canyon wall find their son hiding behind a rock, searching the skies Billy. Amanda takes Eric tightly in her arms, and Paul urges the keep moving. Up ahead, the mesh of the aviary meets the r Wading the shore, Grant now scans the canyon, searching f Billy. It doesn't take long to spot him.
90) 0) text: Billy continues to struggle with the harness but to no av The doomed young man is suspended high up on the canyon w like a modern Prometheus, an entire FLOCK of pteranodons gathering around him preparing to peck away his liver. An everything else. A MAMMOTH PTERANADON has landed beside him and looks him straight in the eye. The gigantic creature lunges at him. Billy dodges away as he can. The pteranodon's frustrated bite severs a crucial juncture on Billy's harness, and Billy is able to wriggle
91) 0) text: Eric, Amanda, Paul and Grant watch in amazement as Billy last to PLUNGE DOWN into the river.
91) 4) dialog: Get back! Get back! Just then Billy is knocked down by the lead pteranodon. I strikes from behind with a brutal, calculated beak to the Billy stumbles and falls to the ground. Grant rushes forward with Paul right after him. Amanda ta Eric to safety down river. Billy SCREAMS as the ENTIRE FLOCK of pteranodons now swar around him, picking him apart with their beaks and claws.