0) 0) text: Illegal Costa Rican parasail operator ENRIQUE CARDOSO hel Americans BEN HILDEBRAND and twelve-year-old ERIC KIRVY - already wearing life-vests -- strap themselves into a two person PARASAIL HARNESS.
1) 0) text: Ben and Eric clamber onto a makeshift PLATFORM that hangs the back of the board. Dangling from Ben's neck is a CAMC
1) 5) dialog: What was that? A second tug...and now the faintest of screams. Ben and Eric look down to find that the boat has disappea into the low bank of FOG. By the time the boat emerges on the far side of the mist. IS NO SIGN OF ENRIQUE. The deck is splattered with blood. As Ben considers the driverless boat...
1) 6) dialog: Ben! Ben glances over at Eric, staring in horror at something  below. Following his gaze, Ben finds that their boat is o moments away from crashing into A LARGE REEF. Sticking out of the water, the imposing reef is being bat by waves. AS THE BOAT SMASHES INTO THE REEF, it splinters into a number of pieces. A panicked Ben turns to Eric.
47) 13) text: That's him. That’s Eric!
47) 16) dialog: Ben!
47) 22) dialog: (through his sobs)
47) 25) dialog: I'm all right
48) 5) text: It’s not about him. It's Eric. He's alone out here somewhere. Our baby is all alone. Saying it aloud, the reality sinks in for both of them
52) 2) text: Eric! Are you here?
61) 0) text: On the far side of the tipped over vehicle, Eric pulls op hatch -- his hiding place. The door opens part way. Eric motions for Grant to follow.
62) 0) text: Squeezing in sideways -- it's very tight fit -- Grant fin himself in a space no bigger than the inside of a Datsun. a small battery-powered lantern. This is where Eric has b hiding. The minute Grant's inside, Eric goes back to work re-seal the door. This 13-year old boy has become astonishingly efficient at staying alive.
62) 3) dialog: In Costa Rica?
62) 5) dialog: They'll never make it. I mean, they can't manage when the cable goes out.
62) 7) dialog: You're Alan Grant, aren't you? (off surprised reaction)
62) 10) dialog: The first one. Before you where on the island. You liked dinosaurs back then.
62) 12) dialog: When InGen cleared out, they left a lot of stuff behind.
62) 14) dialog: Found this, but the battery's dead.
62) 16) dialog: Is that all it's been? I thought it was longer.
62) 18) text: The important thing is we both made it. That's something we have in common. Eric rips into a candy bar. After a moment, he realizes h should offer one to his guest as well. Grant takes it. A lone beat. Than, Grant just has to know
62) 20) dialog: Yeah.
62) 22) dialog: I dunno. I mean, it was kind of preachy. Chaos-this, chaos-that. And like, to me, the guy seemed kind of high on himself. Grant smiles.
65) 2) text: Eric has always been headstrong, and you throw Ben Hildebrand into the mix and well...
66) 0) text: Morning on Isla Sorna. A low mist hangs tight to the fore floor as Eric seals up his hideaway for hopefully the las They start walking. Eric pulls something out of his pocke shows it off to Grant.
66) 1) dialog: Know what this is?
66) 4) dialog: Mine's new. Grant hands it back. Eric is becoming more and more a normal thirteen-year old There's an innocence to him that's coming back.
66) 6) dialog: I stayed pretty close to the compound, Figured if anyone came to look for me, that's where they'd start.
66) 8) dialog: Are you sure?
66) 10) dialog: Closer you get to the water, the bigger things get.
68) 0) text: As Grant and Eric walk, both stop, hearing a strange soun for a change, it's not an ominous one. It's a human one. A phone is RINGING, very faintly. Without a word to each Grant and Eric decide its coming from the right.
70) 0) text: Still following the faint RINGING, Grant and Eric turn to
70) 3) dialog: Mon! Dad! Grant immediately covers the boy’s mouth. But it's to lat The dinosaur has stopped. We still can't see it. We don't close it is. Paul and Amanda spot Eric with Grant. They're a thousand emotions at once: relieved, disbelieving, terrified, over They want to run to him, to yell out to him, but the mons close. Grant takes his hand off Eric's mouth. They both stay completely silent. All this time, the sat-phone is RINGING. Than it stops. And after an agonizing beat, the beast moves. At first we not sure which direction it's headed, but finally we can its moving away. Once the sail is finally out of sight, Eric breaks from G hold and dashes to his parents' arms. They coop him up. H him, kiss him, their affection unquenchable. He's crying.
70) 9) dialog: We do. Looking at her grubby son, Amanda licks her shirttail, tr to rub his face clean.
72) 2) dialog: Then we go home?
73) 11) text: We're all together now, Eric. Eric reluctantly releases her mother. Amanda starts to cr
74) 2) text: Okay! Come on, Eric!
75) 0) text: Eric is next to go across. He's still tentative.
75) 2) dialog: No, I can do it. Billy and Paul look on as Eric disappears into the vapor.
75) 4) text: That's it Eric. Nice and easy...
76) 0) text: Eric slowly gropes his way forward. He feels a GUST OF WI a HEAVY THUD ahead on the catwalk which now sways beneath him. Regaining his balance, Eric peers forward, but the fog pr him from seeing more than fifteen feet ahead. There is an SILENCE. Eric calls out timidly.
76) 1) dialog: Mom?
78) 0) text: Eric watches as A LOOMING SHAPE emerges from the fog -- a nightmarish vision stalking purposefully forward.
78) 5) dialog: emerges from the fog, racing toward his father. And then
78) 9) dialog: The flying reptile struggles with the boy's weight. Paul watches helplessly as Eric is carried high across the can Paul runs back alone the catwalk in a desperate attempt t Eric in sight. Billy stays behind, moving back up the platform to try to keep the dinosaur in view. With a new idea, he races back stairs to the observation room. He has a way to save Eric When he reaches the canyon wall, Paul turns a corner and along another enclosed catwalk leading deeper into the ca Grant and Amanda now come pounding down the catwalk tryin catch up with Paul.
79) 0) text: A large bowl of mud and branches the size of a satellite Eric lands right on top of a pile of dinosaur bones picke clean. Mixed among is one human skull. Before Eric has time to cry out, he looks up to find
81) 0) text: Eric struggles to keep away from the hatchlings. But ther no way out of this nest. Billy SWOOPS overhead, but he's too high to reach Eric.
81) 2) dialog: He circles around to make another attempt.
82) 0) text: Paul rounds the corner and finally catches sight of Eric nest, some fifty feet below, fighting off the hatchlings.
83) 0) text: Billy circles, making his approach. In the nest, Eric kicks at the hatchlings, but they're undeterred. Billy and Eric will only have one chance. As Billy swoops past, Eric jumps and grabs onto his boot. yanked up and out of the nest. But than, MOTHER PTERANODO shoots past, tearing out a piece of the parasail in its b
85) 0) text: His parasail badly damaged, Billy tries to keep aloft. He as low as he dares, he yells to Eric --
89) 0) text: Paul and Amanda emerge from the water by the canyon wall find their son hiding behind a rock, searching the skies Billy. Amanda takes Eric tightly in her arms, and Paul urges the keep moving. Up ahead, the mesh of the aviary meets the r Wading the shore, Grant now scans the canyon, searching f Billy. It doesn't take long to spot him.
91) 0) text: Eric, Amanda, Paul and Grant watch in amazement as Billy last to PLUNGE DOWN into the river.
94) 9) dialog: Do you have any kids?
94) 12) dialog: I want to be an astronaut.
94) 14) dialog: But then you never get to go in space.
97) 6) dialog: What's that? The others look down in the murky water. Just below the surface,
97) 9) dialog: Something must've scared them. Another roll of THUNDER, this time much closer.
103) 0) text: Dropping the dead phone, Grant scrambles towards the fron the boat and joins Paul, Amanda and Eric, who have taken in the dinosaur cage. The fearsome beast now lifts the stern of the boat clear the water. The cage SCRAPES across the deck and SLAMS into the gunwa toppling off the barge and INTO THE RIVER. Grant and the Kirby’s are still inside.
104) 3) dialog: 
104) 6) text: Up! Up! He points to a heavy crane assembly, designed for lifting off the large boats. Now well accustomed to fleeing on command, Amanda sends Eric up first, climbing the scaffol like a jungle gym. All the while, they're trying to spot Paul. Grant is the last to climb, reaching the first section as Spinosaurus returns from the water, SLAMMING into the bas the crane. The whole assembly SHUDDERS, threatening to ri the water.
104) 7) dialog: Where's Dad?
105) 0) text: Grant is trying to move them along. still headed downstre But Eric won't budge another foot.
105) 1) dialog: We have to keep looking for Dad. We have to.
105) 3) dialog: then we should... She kneels down, facing him. She's just as upset as he is motherhood carries the burden of remaining calm.
105) 5) dialog: He loves you too.
106) 2) dialog: Yeah. Amanda is smiling too. She had completely forgotten the incident.
106) 7) dialog: The lady you called, how do you know she can help us?
106) 10) dialog: You should.
106) 13) dialog: No. I couldn't see.
106) 15) text: They look worried. Eric nods and heads back to Paul and Amanda. Grant forges approaching the speedboat wreckage. He doesn't know what find, but he needs to look. Almost reaching his parents, Eric stops. Looks out over t ocean, where he sees TWO LIGHTS. He doesn't say anything for a moment, trying to make sure they're real. They are. And they're coming closer.
106) 16) dialog: (excited)
106) 20) dialog: (yelling over)
106) 22) dialog: We're safe!
108) 0) text: As the second chopper touches down on the beach, Eric, Am and Paul load in. Grant is running their way.
112) 3) text: We have to cut it! Find something sharp! Everyone checking the cabin for a knife, anything sharp. Finally, Eric hands Grant the raptor claw. Grant uses it to rip the line. The fibers break and fray, the pteranodon keeps coming closer. Paul throws a wrench at the pteranodon, WHACKING it strai in the head. It felt good, and damn if it didn't slow it little. Grant has cut through the cord. He started on the second the pteranodon SNAPS at him, going for his hand. There's nowhere for Grant to cut without the pteranodon getting h And idea, Grant very deliberately places in his hand on t pulling away at the last moment. The pteranodon itself bi through the line.
114) 0) text: Sitting between his parents, Eric looks back at the islan the distance.
114) 1) dialog: What do you think is going to happen with the dinosaurs?
114) 7) dialog: I hope they don't. I want to come back someday. And Dr. Grant realizes...