10) 0) text: CLOSE ON a man's hand, carefully scraping the stone away dinosaur fossil. We follow his hand back as he wipes off sweaty brow, revealing him to be BILLY BRENNAN, 25, an associate professor and site manager. He's a charmer. Looking past him, we see CHERYL, 21, a junior at junior o of a dozen COLLEGE STUDENTS working at the site, and the most smitten with her supervisor.
11) 12) dialog: Dr. Grant?
11) 14) dialog: (extending his hand)
11) 16) text: My card. PAUL KIRBY is a talkative optimist with no "off" switch. His wife AMANDA KIRBY, just as friendly, is harder to read. There seems to be exhaustion behind her eyes.
12) 0) text: They’re only halfway through the entree, but Grant is rea bolt. It's only Billy who's keeping him from being rude. over to Paul and Amanda’s table and sit down.
19) 0) text: In various combinations, Grant and Billy, Paul and Amanda out the windows at the amazingly green island. Cooper looks out through a window of his own.
22) 0) text: Paul puts his hand atop Amanda's as they stare intently o window. Billy looks to Grant.
26) 0) text: The jungle has almost reclaimed this patchy vine-covered runway. The airplane is parked at one end. Nash, Udesky, and Cooper are checking their weapons. Amanda is at the edge of the tarmac calling into the jung BULLHORN. Billy and a groggy Grant emerge from the airplane. Paul t over.
26) 9) text: Amanda, Honey! Dr. Grant says it's a bad idea!
33) 0) text: All eyes are on the creature as it devours Cooper. Amanda away in horror.
38) 0) text: The passengers are prowled on the ceiling of the plane, d by the impact. Everyone is cut and bruised. Out of the open cockpit, they see two approaching dino fe A window near Amanda fogs over with condensation. when it clears, she finds herself looking right into enormous eye Then all hell breaks loose as the plane is SLAMMED across jungle clearing. The passengers are hammered against the walls of the plan tumbling like socks in a dryer. Debris, seats and luggage everywhere.
42) 0) text: Our friends stop dead in their tracks. Amanda stifles a c Before them lies an immense unmoving SAUROPOD.
43) 0) text: Dashing back the way they came, the group suddenly comes to face with -- THE FIRST MONSTER. We now get our first full unobstructed view of the gigant creature, SPINOSAURUS AEGYPTICUS. Over forty feet long an twenty-five feet high, the dinosaur has a bony sail along back. Its head is crocodilian with rows of long, curving Sinewy six foot arms terminate in three fingers hands wit fourteen inch claws. Nowhere else to run, the group scatters into the brush as two behemoth predators rush forward, their ROARS thundero Paul and Amanda scramble into one direction, Billy and Ud the other. But Grant can't go anywhere - his foot is stuc between two branches. He manages to free himself as the two dinosaurs approach. They'll have to deal with each other before eating the hu Grant dives down between two fallen trees as the Spinosau Rex circle one another like gladiators, each searching fo other's weakness. Laying flat on his back, Grant lets out a terrified GASP giant foot of Spinosaurus lands across the two trunks mer inches from his face. Spinosaurus lunges forward, powerful jaw open wide. T-Rex sidesteps the assault, its tail knocking down small trees as it spins out of the way. In the tress, Paul and Amanda scurry again for cover. Between the fallen trunks, Grant attempts to get away on hands and knees. T-Rex presses the attack, slamming its tail into the flan its adversary. Spinosaurus is knocked back, and Grant is forced to duck for cover. As Spinosaurus struggles to regain its balance, T-Rex div forward. Spinosaurus is driven backwards as T-Rex tries t grip its throat. Amanda yanks Paul out of their path. They Scramble over t Billy. Now on its side, Spinosaurus fights back ferociously. It at T-Rex with its long arms and razor sharp claws, then f kicks the animal with one mammoth foot. Tyrannosaurus staggers back, wounded. Down below, Grant is splashed by the blood pouring from t dinosaur, as he slowly makes his way towards his fellow h Spinosaurus lunges for the T-rex with gaping jaws and man topple T-Rex off its feet and sends the falling dinosaur ground. With an earth-shuttering CRASH, the dinosaur lands betwee Grant and the rest of the group. The companions scurry out of the way, but as they do so, head of the T-Rex now lands almost directly on top of the Plastered against an immense tree, the group watches in h as T-Rex starts to rise but is thrown back down as Spinos latches onto its throat. Spinosaurus crushes the life out of its adversary, and T- opens and closes its jaw a mere inches from our terrified friends. Finally, Grant reaches the others.
44) 22) text: How many days have they been missing? A look between Amanda and Paul.
45) 0) text: The five survivors search through the wreckage, trying to anything useful. The task is grim. Mindful of Grant's  warnings, they move quickly and quietly. Udesky picks up a gun out of the swampy water. The barrel almost 90 degrees, unless. Billy finds his camera, intact. Digging a change of clothes out of his suitcase, Paul ste around the side of the plane to change. He's in his under before he notices Amanda is also there changing.
46) 0) text: Amanda, Paul, Billy, Udesky and Grant walk through the ju
47) 27) text: We're going to get out of this, pal. And on that, the power and picture fade away. BACK ON PAUL AND AMANDA - overjoyed.
48) 0) text: Reeling, Amanda comes to a stop in an area with thick undergrowth. It's danger here, very still and quiet. She tries to calm herself, but each effort to suppress ju makes her more emotional. She's surprised as Paul wraps a around her to comfort her. But she doesn't fight it.
56) 0) text: The group slams the door behind them and quickly takes in room. There are several rows of oversized steel cages, apparent used for containing young dinosaurs. Many of the cage doo standing open. The group races down a lone aisle. Close behind, the rapt BURSTS into the room, ROARS. As the Raptor gains ground, Udesky and Billy run into one open cages, SLAMMING the door behind them. Grant, Paul and Amanda duck into another. Before they can swing the cage door shut behind them, however, the raptor into it, driving the door into the cage. They are forced back against a chain-like wall, trapped i small triangle space by the advancing door. The angry Raptor is now inches away through the cage door. Then, suddenly, the raptor looks up. We follow its gaze. of their triangular enclose is wide open. The eager raptor climbs up the chain-like door. Catching tail of an idea, Amanda grabs the door and nods to the ot
58) 0) text: As the hadrosaurs WHIP PAST, Paul and Amanda climb up int tree. A raptor leaps at Paul, barely missing his leg. Trying to pull Paul up, Amanda nearly loses her balance. time, Paul catchers her. Billy climbs up a nearby tree of his own in sight of Paul Udesky has nearly reached a tree of his own when he finds himself
65) 0) text: Everyone's moved to different branches, trying to settle the night. Paul keeps looking over to the tearful Amanda, to say something. He finally does.
67) 0) text: Billy and Amanda wait for Paul as he comes out of the bus hiking up his shorts. Trying to take charge...
68) 0) text: As Grant and Eric walk, both stop, hearing a strange soun for a change, it's not an ominous one. It's a human one. A phone is RINGING, very faintly. Without a word to each Grant and Eric decide its coming from the right.
69) 0) text: Paul is picking the briars out of his socks as they hike, risking tripping on every step. Then Amanda stops short. the first to hear it: THE SAME RINGING. After a beat, everyone else can hear it too. And recongni finally lights on Paul's face...
73) 6) text: We'd better do this one at a time. Amanda steps of and Grant carefully pushes forward, disappearing into the thick fog. The others listen to the CREAKING of the catwalk until it ABRIPTLY. SILENCE.
73) 11) text: We're all together now, Eric. Eric reluctantly releases her mother. Amanda starts to cr
74) 0) text: Grant has stopped at a lateral support across the catwalk, trying to get the sense of where they are and wh purpose this place may have served. Seeing that the support beams are brace high arched walls mesh, it becomes obvious that we are inside this vast construction. Amanda emerges from the mist and turns back to the catwal
79) 0) text: A large bowl of mud and branches the size of a satellite Eric lands right on top of a pile of dinosaur bones picke clean. Mixed among is one human skull. Before Eric has time to cry out, he looks up to find
84) 0) text: The pteranodon who landed on the top of the catwalk conti SNAP through the hole in the enclosure. Finally the reptile's massive weight proves to much, and entire section of the catwalk BREAKS FREE of the canyon w and FLIPS OVER LATERALLY. Amanda, Grant and Paul are able to hang on, but so is the pteranodon, who now climbs their way.
86) 0) text: Paul, Grant and Amanda struggle to stay away from the pteranodon as it moves towards them. Suddenly. the far end of this inverted section of catwalk detaches from the canyon wall and SWINGS DOWNWARD. The force of the action sends the three tumbling directly towards the pteranodon. Miraculously, they manage to avoid its open beak. But the are all sent plummeting toward the river below.
89) 0) text: Paul and Amanda emerge from the water by the canyon wall find their son hiding behind a rock, searching the skies Billy. Amanda takes Eric tightly in her arms, and Paul urges the keep moving. Up ahead, the mesh of the aviary meets the r Wading the shore, Grant now scans the canyon, searching f Billy. It doesn't take long to spot him.
90) 0) text: Billy continues to struggle with the harness but to no av The doomed young man is suspended high up on the canyon w like a modern Prometheus, an entire FLOCK of pteranodons gathering around him preparing to peck away his liver. An everything else. A MAMMOTH PTERANADON has landed beside him and looks him straight in the eye. The gigantic creature lunges at him. Billy dodges away as he can. The pteranodon's frustrated bite severs a crucial juncture on Billy's harness, and Billy is able to wriggle
91) 0) text: Eric, Amanda, Paul and Grant watch in amazement as Billy last to PLUNGE DOWN into the river.
94) 0) text: Yanking the starter rope one final time, Paul finally get engine to turn over, PUTTERING along. Amanda is beside hi bailing water.
94) 16) text: I can blame the people who made this island. But I can't blame the people who want to see it. To study it. At the rear of the barge, Paul just now sees what's ahead struck, he slows the motor and motions for Amanda to take look. And so do we.
98) 8) text: Charlie! It's the dinosaur man! Go get mommy, okay?
103) 0) text: Dropping the dead phone, Grant scrambles towards the fron the boat and joins Paul, Amanda and Eric, who have taken in the dinosaur cage. The fearsome beast now lifts the stern of the boat clear the water. The cage SCRAPES across the deck and SLAMS into the gunwa toppling off the barge and INTO THE RIVER. Grant and the Kirby’s are still inside.
104) 6) text: Up! Up! He points to a heavy crane assembly, designed for lifting off the large boats. Now well accustomed to fleeing on command, Amanda sends Eric up first, climbing the scaffol like a jungle gym. All the while, they're trying to spot Paul. Grant is the last to climb, reaching the first section as Spinosaurus returns from the water, SLAMMING into the bas the crane. The whole assembly SHUDDERS, threatening to ri the water.
106) 15) text: They look worried. Eric nods and heads back to Paul and Amanda. Grant forges approaching the speedboat wreckage. He doesn't know what find, but he needs to look. Almost reaching his parents, Eric stops. Looks out over t ocean, where he sees TWO LIGHTS. He doesn't say anything for a moment, trying to make sure they're real. They are. And they're coming closer.
106) 24) text: No we're not. THE FIRST CHOPPER. flies right overhead. Paul and Amanda are confused, until second helicopter starts to land -- the first on is there cover them. Grant YELLS at the first chopper, trying to wave it away. the noise of the blades is DEAFENDING.
110) 0) text: Seeing the explosion, the SECOND CHOPPER PILOT takes off. Amanda and Paul are on board, but Grant is still running The helicopter passes right over him.
112) 0) text: Up with the pilot, Amanda sees the other pteranodons are back to the island, unable to keep up.