7) 0) text: NASH, a wry, intelligent mercenary pilot and soldier, is painting huge eyes the windows of a wrecked plane. Finish tosses the paint can through the open windows and walks q away from the plane. We now see that RED TEETH are painted on the craft's nose looks absurdly like some angry beast. We are one the edge of a dry lake bed, part of an aircraf graveyard. Wrecked planes lie all around. We hear a phone RINGING...
9) 0) text: Udesky looks over at Nash and COOPER, another mercenary. Cooper's the quiet muscle of the bunch, a weapons special finishes loading a massive gun, essentially a hand-cannon aimed at Nash's grimacing aircraft.
20) 0) text: Here we find the rest of the crew from the junkyard. Nash piloting. A VOICE comes over their radio headsets.
20) 2) text: Unidentified aircraft approaching Isla Sorna, this is San Juan approach. You are flying in restricted airspace. Immediately turn to the coordinates two-zero-zero. I repeat redirect to... A look from Nash then Udesky switches off the radio.
23) 2) dialog: Are we on?
26) 0) text: The jungle has almost reclaimed this patchy vine-covered runway. The airplane is parked at one end. Nash, Udesky, and Cooper are checking their weapons. Amanda is at the edge of the tarmac calling into the jung BULLHORN. Billy and a groggy Grant emerge from the airplane. Paul t over.
27) 0) text: Udesky waits by the door, hustling everyone inside. Nash hurries into the cockpit. Everyone scrambles to a seat. A climbs next to Paul.
27) 5) dialog: (yelling back)
27) 6) text: We're going! Udesky climbs into the copilot's seat, and Nash revs the
31) 0) text: Nash spots Cooper, shoots a glance at the airspeed indica
31) 1) dialog: Coop, you know I can't do it pal. He slams down full throttle in an attempt to reach flying Seeing that Nash has no intention of stopping, Paul shout the cabin.
34) 0) text: Looking through the windshield, we see the creature is di in the path of the plane. Nash pulls back on the stick. The plane rises. The left propeller clips the flank of the enormous dinosaur, SNAPPING the blade. Blood sprays the windshield and side windows.
36) 3) dialog: Who's got the sat-phone?
36) 6) dialog: Shit!
36) 9) text: The passengers hold tight, paralyzed. Nash buckles himsel his seat. Suddenly, the plane is YANKED from the side to side. Batt way and that, the terrified passengers tightly grip their seats.
36) 10) text: Finally, the horrible sounds of WRENCHING METAL as the no the plane is RIPPED RIGHT OFF. Nash and Udesky are suddenly sitting in open air. The nos the plane is tilting downwards, the jungle floor far belo The passengers hang almost vertically in their seats, Debris tumbles out the open end of the plane, some of it striking Nash in the head. Udesky unbuckles his seat belt and climbs back up into th cabin. Nash follows. Suddenly, a long snout with dagger-like teeth pushes past cockpit seats, opens wide, and