11) 15) text: Paul Kirby. Kirby Enterprises (reaching into his pocket)         
11) 16) text: My card. PAUL KIRBY is a talkative optimist with no "off" switch. His wife AMANDA KIRBY, just as friendly, is harder to read. There seems to be exhaustion behind her eyes.
11) 18) dialog: Well sir, I am a great admirer of yours, and I have an extremely interesting  proposition to discuss. Would you let my wife  and I take you to have dinner tonight? Our treat.
11) 20) dialog: I guarantee it'll be worth your while. Behind Kirby, Bill furtively rubs his thumb and fingers together, indicating the guy is loaded. Grant musters a weak smile.
12) 0) text: They’re only halfway through the entree, but Grant is rea bolt. It's only Billy who's keeping him from being rude. over to Paul and Amanda’s table and sit down.
12) 1) dialog: First off let me say as a dinosaur enthusiasts, Amanda and I have admired your work for years.
12) 4) dialog: Amanda and I, well, we just love the outdoors. Heck we've been on pretty much any adventure tour they can come up with: Galapagos, K2, the Nile...
12) 7) dialog: Now, for our wedding anniversary this year we wanted to do something really special, something... He places his hand on his wife's.
12) 9) dialog: We've arranged for a private airplane to take us flying over Isla Sorna. And we want you to be our guide. The Kirby's look to Grant as if they've offered him an am gift. But Grant just sighs and smooths the tablecloth.
12) 11) dialog: No, no, see Dr. Grant, you're the best. You've seen these animals in the flesh. No one else has come close to you.
12) 15) dialog: Well, I'm no aviation specialist. But I do know it's hell of a lot lower than anyone else.
12) 18) dialog: Let's just say that through my business -- imports/exports, emerging markets -- I've made some friends in high places. In this case, the Costa Rican government.
19) 0) text: In various combinations, Grant and Billy, Paul and Amanda out the windows at the amazingly green island. Cooper looks out through a window of his own.
22) 0) text: Paul puts his hand atop Amanda's as they stare intently o window. Billy looks to Grant.
24) 3) text: You can't land. Paul turns back to him.
24) 4) dialog: Dr. Grant if you'd just sit tight, we'll explain this all in a jiffy.
26) 0) text: The jungle has almost reclaimed this patchy vine-covered runway. The airplane is parked at one end. Nash, Udesky, and Cooper are checking their weapons. Amanda is at the edge of the tarmac calling into the jung BULLHORN. Billy and a groggy Grant emerge from the airplane. Paul t over.
26) 1) dialog: Dr. Grant, are you alright? I'm sorry we had to be so... The three mercenaries are now walking into the jungle wit their guns.
26) 3) dialog: Establishing a perimeter. Making it safe. These guys are really good. One of them was a Green...
26) 8) dialog: (yelling)
26) 12) dialog: (pointing broadly at Alan)
26) 16) dialog: (to Alan)
26) 23) dialog: What's the problem? Can't you guys...? As Udesky and Nash sprint past Paul in interrupted by a second, closer, DEAFENING ROAR. He pales.
27) 0) text: Udesky waits by the door, hustling everyone inside. Nash hurries into the cockpit. Everyone scrambles to a seat. A climbs next to Paul.
27) 2) dialog: Don't worry, honey. We'll circle around and come back. Udesky closes the door.
31) 2) dialog: What are you doing? That's Mr. Cooper!
36) 4) dialog: Right here! Paul hands the bulky phone up to Nash, who dials out. Grant unstraps himself, climbs to the back to the side do The door opens a few inches before hitting a branch. He looks out the and lets out a quiet gasp as the ground THIRTY FEET BELOW. He quickly shuts and latches the door. CLOSE ON the sat-phone. pressed against Nash's ear.
36) 7) dialog: What is it? What's the matter? Amanda SCREAMS. A huge reptilian face appears in the cockpit window. Ever else SCREAMS now.
43) 0) text: Dashing back the way they came, the group suddenly comes to face with -- THE FIRST MONSTER. We now get our first full unobstructed view of the gigant creature, SPINOSAURUS AEGYPTICUS. Over forty feet long an twenty-five feet high, the dinosaur has a bony sail along back. Its head is crocodilian with rows of long, curving Sinewy six foot arms terminate in three fingers hands wit fourteen inch claws. Nowhere else to run, the group scatters into the brush as two behemoth predators rush forward, their ROARS thundero Paul and Amanda scramble into one direction, Billy and Ud the other. But Grant can't go anywhere - his foot is stuc between two branches. He manages to free himself as the two dinosaurs approach. They'll have to deal with each other before eating the hu Grant dives down between two fallen trees as the Spinosau Rex circle one another like gladiators, each searching fo other's weakness. Laying flat on his back, Grant lets out a terrified GASP giant foot of Spinosaurus lands across the two trunks mer inches from his face. Spinosaurus lunges forward, powerful jaw open wide. T-Rex sidesteps the assault, its tail knocking down small trees as it spins out of the way. In the tress, Paul and Amanda scurry again for cover. Between the fallen trunks, Grant attempts to get away on hands and knees. T-Rex presses the attack, slamming its tail into the flan its adversary. Spinosaurus is knocked back, and Grant is forced to duck for cover. As Spinosaurus struggles to regain its balance, T-Rex div forward. Spinosaurus is driven backwards as T-Rex tries t grip its throat. Amanda yanks Paul out of their path. They Scramble over t Billy. Now on its side, Spinosaurus fights back ferociously. It at T-Rex with its long arms and razor sharp claws, then f kicks the animal with one mammoth foot. Tyrannosaurus staggers back, wounded. Down below, Grant is splashed by the blood pouring from t dinosaur, as he slowly makes his way towards his fellow h Spinosaurus lunges for the T-rex with gaping jaws and man topple T-Rex off its feet and sends the falling dinosaur ground. With an earth-shuttering CRASH, the dinosaur lands betwee Grant and the rest of the group. The companions scurry out of the way, but as they do so, head of the T-Rex now lands almost directly on top of the Plastered against an immense tree, the group watches in h as T-Rex starts to rise but is thrown back down as Spinos latches onto its throat. Spinosaurus crushes the life out of its adversary, and T- opens and closes its jaw a mere inches from our terrified friends. Finally, Grant reaches the others.
44) 0) text: Winded from running, Paul is caught off-guard as a furiou Grant slams his back against a tree. Only one thing he wa know --
44) 3) dialog: This is him. Eric. He’s thirteen now. He's just about the greatest kid in the world. Letting go of Paul, Grant takes the photo, a Sears-style portrait of the boy we saw Parasailing at the beginning. shakes his head, disbelieving. He hands the photo to Bill The group splits into two sides -- Paul and Amanda, Grant Billy -- with Udesky stuck between. Dialogue overlaps in places.
44) 6) dialog: Her new boyfriend.
44) 8) dialog: We called everyone, did everything we could. Because of all the controversy over this island, no one will step in. Costa Rica says it's a no-fly zone, it's their own damn fault. Guys at the U.S Embassy -- our U.S. Embassy -- said we should "accept the inevitable." You believe that?
44) 13) dialog: We needed somebody who knew the lay of the land. Somebody who'd been to this island before.
44) 16) dialog: Sure you have. You wrote that book...
44) 18) dialog: (low, to Udesky)
44) 22) text: How many days have they been missing? A look between Amanda and Paul.
44) 23) dialog: Eight weeks. Grand and Billy are speechless. It might as well be eight
44) 27) dialog: Dr. Grant, we're not leaving without our son.
44) 30) dialog: What do we do? Udesky is clearly at a loss, but for everyone's reassuran tries to mutter some brio.
44) 32) dialog: Excellent. They follow after Grant and Billy.
45) 0) text: The five survivors search through the wreckage, trying to anything useful. The task is grim. Mindful of Grant's  warnings, they move quickly and quietly. Udesky picks up a gun out of the swampy water. The barrel almost 90 degrees, unless. Billy finds his camera, intact. Digging a change of clothes out of his suitcase, Paul ste around the side of the plane to change. He's in his under before he notices Amanda is also there changing.
45) 1) dialog: Sorry.
45) 4) dialog: Twenty, twenty-fire pounds. I've been swimming at the Y.
45) 6) dialog: People change. A nod to mean, that's the truth.
45) 7) dialog: You look good.
45) 19) dialog: Thirty-thousand, I think. Closer to the top.
45) 21) text: Most mountain-climbers remember how tall that mountains were. Paul knows he's caught.
45) 23) dialog: There is. I own a place called Kirby Paint and Title Plus. We're out in the Westgate Shopping Center in Enid, Oklahoma. The "plus" is for bathroom fixtures, fireplaces accessories, patio furniture. Stuff like  that.
45) 26) dialog: Mortgaged everything we had to do it. Even the store. and if we make it off this island with my son, I swear, I'll make good on the money I owe you. I don't care if it takes me the rest of my life. Grant and Udesky exchange a dubious glance.
46) 0) text: Amanda, Paul, Billy, Udesky and Grant walk through the ju
46) 3) dialog: (loud whisper to Amanda)
46) 6) dialog: No, Dr. Grant says...
46) 8) dialog: Well what's the use of hiring an expert if your not going to listen to him?
46) 10) dialog: Fine...and when the Tricyclatops comes after you, don't come crying to me.
46) 12) dialog: What?
46) 14) dialog: What did you say?
46) 16) dialog: What did you say!
47) 0) text: A parasail chute is caught in the branches of a tree. A y life vest hangs limply from a branch. Paul rushes over, unsnags it, and examines the label.
47) 1) dialog: Young adult.
47) 12) dialog: (excited)
47) 27) text: We're going to get out of this, pal. And on that, the power and picture fade away. BACK ON PAUL AND AMANDA - overjoyed.
47) 28) dialog: See? He's okay. He's alive! Everything's going to be all right now. Amanda brings a hand to her mouth, silently nodding her h Grant and Billy exchange a dubious look, than begin pulli parasail out of the tree. As they do so, the sail gets ca a branch. They pull harder. The branch bends, but the sail won't co loose. One last tug and than, SNAP. The branch breaks, th falls away to reveal… A SKELETON. It swings down directly at Amanda. She SCREAMS. Finally, the others are able to pull her away. As they un the lines, the men are able to get the first view of the of Ben Hillenbrand, still caught in his harness. Amanda's knees buckle. Regaining her balance, she runs of the jungle. Paul quickly follows.
47) 29) dialog: Amanda!
48) 0) text: Reeling, Amanda comes to a stop in an area with thick undergrowth. It's danger here, very still and quiet. She tries to calm herself, but each effort to suppress ju makes her more emotional. She's surprised as Paul wraps a around her to comfort her. But she doesn't fight it.
48) 1) dialog: I'm sorry Amanda. I am. And I'm sorry for the things I said about him.
48) 3) dialog: I know you liked Ben. I had no right to...
49) 2) text: What’s a raptor? Paul has no idea.
49) 5) dialog: Well that's good.
50) 1) dialog: I bet there's a very good chance Eric's in there. I'd bet my bottom dollar. Udesky and Grant share dubious looks and continue down in the valley.
52) 1) dialog: (calling out)
53) 0) text: A couple vending machines stand at the one end of this lo hallway covered with vines. Paul notices them and pulls change from his pocket.
53) 1) dialog: Let's see. I've got about a dollar seventy- five. How about you guys? Billy SMASHES IN the window of one machine with his boot. Picking through the glass, he pulls out some candy bars a chips. He checks the expiration date.         
54) 9) dialog: Amanda!
55) 0) text: Paul leads the way, checking the door for possible escape routes or hiding places. Twenty feet behind,
55) 2) dialog: In here!
56) 0) text: The group slams the door behind them and quickly takes in room. There are several rows of oversized steel cages, apparent used for containing young dinosaurs. Many of the cage doo standing open. The group races down a lone aisle. Close behind, the rapt BURSTS into the room, ROARS. As the Raptor gains ground, Udesky and Billy run into one open cages, SLAMMING the door behind them. Grant, Paul and Amanda duck into another. Before they can swing the cage door shut behind them, however, the raptor into it, driving the door into the cage. They are forced back against a chain-like wall, trapped i small triangle space by the advancing door. The angry Raptor is now inches away through the cage door. Then, suddenly, the raptor looks up. We follow its gaze. of their triangular enclose is wide open. The eager raptor climbs up the chain-like door. Catching tail of an idea, Amanda grabs the door and nods to the ot
58) 0) text: As the hadrosaurs WHIP PAST, Paul and Amanda climb up int tree. A raptor leaps at Paul, barely missing his leg. Trying to pull Paul up, Amanda nearly loses her balance. time, Paul catchers her. Billy climbs up a nearby tree of his own in sight of Paul Udesky has nearly reached a tree of his own when he finds himself
58) 3) dialog: Udesky.
58) 8) dialog: It's not safe.
58) 13) dialog: They couldn’t climb up, so they were trying to get us to come down.
58) 16) dialog: Where's Grant?
63) 2) dialog: I want to find them too, but we can't do a bit of good right now. For every scary thing we saw in the daylight, I'll bet there ten times more of 'em at night. (to Billy)
63) 5) dialog: I thought you were an expert.
65) 0) text: Everyone's moved to different branches, trying to settle the night. Paul keeps looking over to the tearful Amanda, to say something. He finally does.
65) 1) dialog: I just want you know, Amanda. It's not your fault what happened. Amanda looks over, not sure what his absolution. PAUL (cont'd)
65) 4) dialog: Well damn it. I don't speak ill of the dead. What I'm trying to say is, it’s was just a crazy accident. The exact same thing could have happened if he was with me. You can't go beating yourself up about it. Realizing he's trying his best, Amanda can’t stay angry w him.
65) 6) dialog: That one time was just the bumper.
65) 9) dialog: I'm not sorry at all.
67) 0) text: Billy and Amanda wait for Paul as he comes out of the bus hiking up his shorts. Trying to take charge...
67) 5) dialog: (rationalizing)
69) 0) text: Paul is picking the briars out of his socks as they hike, risking tripping on every step. Then Amanda stops short. the first to hear it: THE SAME RINGING. After a beat, everyone else can hear it too. And recongni finally lights on Paul's face...
69) 1) dialog: My phone. Suddenly, Paul frantically searches his pockets as the ot anxiously watch.
69) 4) dialog: I don't know. I don't have it with me.
69) 6) dialog: I don't remember
69) 8) dialog: The plane. I got a call on the plane, put it in my coat pocket, and... Bust suddenly, he stops, his face is lighting with an awf realization. Amanda couldn’t bear the wait...
69) 10) dialog: I loaned it to Nash. He must have had it on him when he... The hideous implication of his words slowly sink in.
70) 8) dialog: Never had a doubt. Never did. Us Kirby men, we stick around, huh?
70) 10) dialog: Honey, there's not enough spit in the world for that. She LAUGHS. It's the first times she's laughed in two mon Billy crosses the distance to Grant.
73) 0) text: A catwalk branches off, a SET OF STAIRS continuing down t along the canyon wall. Grant starts down the stairs. He's only taken a few steps the rusty staircase suddenly BREAKS BENEATH HIS FEET. Paul grabs him in the nick of time. The staircase vanish the fog. CLANFING AGAINST the canyon wall. After a few mo seconds of silence, they hear the CRASH far below.
73) 7) dialog: Dr. Grant? More silence. Then, out of the fog, a distant voice call
73) 10) dialog: We're not going anywhere, I promise. As Paul holds Eric, and Amanda shares a look. Amanda
75) 1) dialog: How 'bout if I...
75) 3) dialog: (muttering to himself)
78) 3) dialog: Eric!
78) 8) dialog: 
78) 11) text: Paul! Where is he? Can you see him?
78) 12) dialog: (shouting back)
82) 0) text: Paul rounds the corner and finally catches sight of Eric nest, some fifty feet below, fighting off the hatchlings.
82) 1) dialog: Hang on, Eric! Paul sees an outcropping he could jump onto from here. It big leap, though, he might not make it. He steels himself the jump, then chickens out. Grant and Amanda come up behind him. Suddenly,
84) 0) text: The pteranodon who landed on the top of the catwalk conti SNAP through the hole in the enclosure. Finally the reptile's massive weight proves to much, and entire section of the catwalk BREAKS FREE of the canyon w and FLIPS OVER LATERALLY. Amanda, Grant and Paul are able to hang on, but so is the pteranodon, who now climbs their way.
86) 0) text: Paul, Grant and Amanda struggle to stay away from the pteranodon as it moves towards them. Suddenly. the far end of this inverted section of catwalk detaches from the canyon wall and SWINGS DOWNWARD. The force of the action sends the three tumbling directly towards the pteranodon. Miraculously, they manage to avoid its open beak. But the are all sent plummeting toward the river below.
89) 0) text: Paul and Amanda emerge from the water by the canyon wall find their son hiding behind a rock, searching the skies Billy. Amanda takes Eric tightly in her arms, and Paul urges the keep moving. Up ahead, the mesh of the aviary meets the r Wading the shore, Grant now scans the canyon, searching f Billy. It doesn't take long to spot him.
91) 0) text: Eric, Amanda, Paul and Grant watch in amazement as Billy last to PLUNGE DOWN into the river.
91) 6) dialog: It's no use, Dr. Grant. No use. Grant can't take his eyes off Billy, whose BLOOD stains t water rushing by. And now several pteranodons are heading their way. Diffic as it is to leave Billy behind, Grant and Paul make a run Just as the pteranodons are about to swoop in for the kil and Paul dive back into the river...
94) 0) text: Yanking the starter rope one final time, Paul finally get engine to turn over, PUTTERING along. Amanda is beside hi bailing water.
94) 1) dialog: My own kid was right in front of me and I didn't do a damn thing.
94) 3) dialog: I should have tried. It should have been me on that beach back there, not Billy.
94) 5) text: He needs you, Paul. He needs us.
94) 6) dialog: He could have died.
94) 16) text: I can blame the people who made this island. But I can't blame the people who want to see it. To study it. At the rear of the barge, Paul just now sees what's ahead struck, he slows the motor and motions for Amanda to take look. And so do we.
95) 0) text: A FULL MOON passes behind clouds. THUNDER quietly rumbles LIGHTNING flickers in the distance. Paul is still at the wheel. The river is narrower here, a cautions must be taken to avoid the banks. As the barge begins to round another bend. a FAMILIAR HIG PITCHED SOUND pierces the darkness. Muffled but unmistaka it is the RINGING SAT-PHONE. All exchange looks of sheer PANIC, expecting Spinosaurus leap out at any moment. Grant scans the river banks.
96) 2) dialog: I've got something. I think I've got something! All turn to Paul. Clearing away the clinging defecation, holds up to a beeper. And still the phone RINGS. Returning to their bleak task, they shovel the excrement their arms. Finally:
96) 5) dialog: Can't help but be a little offended.
97) 1) dialog: Whatever you do, don't call the U.S. Embassy. They won't do a God Damn thing.
97) 3) dialog: (to Amanda)
103) 0) text: Dropping the dead phone, Grant scrambles towards the fron the boat and joins Paul, Amanda and Eric, who have taken in the dinosaur cage. The fearsome beast now lifts the stern of the boat clear the water. The cage SCRAPES across the deck and SLAMS into the gunwa toppling off the barge and INTO THE RIVER. Grant and the Kirby’s are still inside.
104) 2) dialog: 
104) 6) text: Up! Up! He points to a heavy crane assembly, designed for lifting off the large boats. Now well accustomed to fleeing on command, Amanda sends Eric up first, climbing the scaffol like a jungle gym. All the while, they're trying to spot Paul. Grant is the last to climb, reaching the first section as Spinosaurus returns from the water, SLAMMING into the bas the crane. The whole assembly SHUDDERS, threatening to ri the water.
105) 9) dialog: Good thing I've been swimming, huh? Amanda hugs him and Eric so tightly they can't breath.
106) 1) dialog: You remember when we went fishing last summer? And I was trying to put the boat in and the trailer sank? And then the tow truck came and tried to pull it out, but it got dragged in? And the truck driver threatened to knock your Dad's lights out? So I said I was the governor and he believed me? Eric really smiles, remembering the day.
106) 3) dialog: That was a fun day. To Paul, after some consideration....
106) 5) dialog: You mean it?
106) 15) text: They look worried. Eric nods and heads back to Paul and Amanda. Grant forges approaching the speedboat wreckage. He doesn't know what find, but he needs to look. Almost reaching his parents, Eric stops. Looks out over t ocean, where he sees TWO LIGHTS. He doesn't say anything for a moment, trying to make sure they're real. They are. And they're coming closer.
106) 18) dialog: Helicopters. Helicopters! He SHOUTS with joy. Paul, Amanda and Eric wave their arms making as much motion as possible. The helicopters -- big military choppers -- change direction, heading straight f them. Paul and Amanda embrace, then kiss, the moment getting th of them
106) 24) text: No we're not. THE FIRST CHOPPER. flies right overhead. Paul and Amanda are confused, until second helicopter starts to land -- the first on is there cover them. Grant YELLS at the first chopper, trying to wave it away. the noise of the blades is DEAFENDING.
108) 0) text: As the second chopper touches down on the beach, Eric, Am and Paul load in. Grant is running their way.
110) 0) text: Seeing the explosion, the SECOND CHOPPER PILOT takes off. Amanda and Paul are on board, but Grant is still running The helicopter passes right over him.
110) 2) text: You have to go back! We can't leave him! Seeing a ladder release by the door, Paul throws the leve and-steel-ladder unfurls, dragging across the sand.
112) 3) text: We have to cut it! Find something sharp! Everyone checking the cabin for a knife, anything sharp. Finally, Eric hands Grant the raptor claw. Grant uses it to rip the line. The fibers break and fray, the pteranodon keeps coming closer. Paul throws a wrench at the pteranodon, WHACKING it strai in the head. It felt good, and damn if it didn't slow it little. Grant has cut through the cord. He started on the second the pteranodon SNAPS at him, going for his hand. There's nowhere for Grant to cut without the pteranodon getting h And idea, Grant very deliberately places in his hand on t pulling away at the last moment. The pteranodon itself bi through the line.
114) 4) dialog: Either that, or the government will firebomb it back to the Stone Age.