8) 0) text: A RINGING satellite phone rests on a stack of gun cases. UDESKY, the leader of this crew, answers it. 
8) 1) dialog: Udesky. (beat)
8) 2) text: Yes sir. we're good to go. I'll lock it down as soon as you drop me the payment. With the phone still to his ear, Udesky wanders out of th craft...
9) 0) text: Udesky looks over at Nash and COOPER, another mercenary. Cooper's the quiet muscle of the bunch, a weapons special finishes loading a massive gun, essentially a hand-cannon aimed at Nash's grimacing aircraft.
9) 1) dialog: That's right, two of the very best I could find. No, I haven't worked with them personally, but they come with the highest recommendations. Then -- Cooper FIRES at the grimacing aircraft. A projectile rock into the plane and EXPLODES with a fireball. Nash and Cooper exchange a satisfied smile.
9) 2) dialog: You've got nothing to worry about, sir. This is going to be a piece of cake. Pieces of the demolished craft come raining down.
20) 2) text: Unidentified aircraft approaching Isla Sorna, this is San Juan approach. You are flying in restricted airspace. Immediately turn to the coordinates two-zero-zero. I repeat redirect to... A look from Nash then Udesky switches off the radio.
22) 2) dialog: Cooper! Yell up if you see anything!
23) 0) text: Udesky puts down his binoculars.
23) 1) dialog: South shore is clear. The rest is rock.
23) 3) dialog: We're on.
26) 0) text: The jungle has almost reclaimed this patchy vine-covered runway. The airplane is parked at one end. Nash, Udesky, and Cooper are checking their weapons. Amanda is at the edge of the tarmac calling into the jung BULLHORN. Billy and a groggy Grant emerge from the airplane. Paul t over.
26) 22) dialog: We gotta go, now!
27) 0) text: Udesky waits by the door, hustling everyone inside. Nash hurries into the cockpit. Everyone scrambles to a seat. A climbs next to Paul.
27) 4) dialog: Coop's a professional. He can handle himself. A blood-curdling SCREAM echoes through the jungle followe MACHINE GUN FIRE.
27) 6) text: We're going! Udesky climbs into the copilot's seat, and Nash revs the
36) 2) dialog: Quiet! We're okay. Let's everybody just stay put. He attempts to turn on the cockpit radio, but it's dead.
36) 10) text: Finally, the horrible sounds of WRENCHING METAL as the no the plane is RIPPED RIGHT OFF. Nash and Udesky are suddenly sitting in open air. The nos the plane is tilting downwards, the jungle floor far belo The passengers hang almost vertically in their seats, Debris tumbles out the open end of the plane, some of it striking Nash in the head. Udesky unbuckles his seat belt and climbs back up into th cabin. Nash follows. Suddenly, a long snout with dagger-like teeth pushes past cockpit seats, opens wide, and
40) 0) text: Inside, windows EXPLODE, raining glass over the passenger the walls compress, Udesky becomes trapped in the rear of plane, the others in front.
41) 0) text: With Grant in the lead, and Udesky taking up the rear, th tears through the jungle. Concealed by the dense undergrowth, the unseen dinosaur b down on them -- mowing down the young trees which TOPPLE around them. Grant spots a grove of
44) 10) dialog: We prefer "recovery specialists." We do overseas custody issues and...
44) 31) dialog: Well, I think we should start searching for your son. In the direction they're going.
45) 0) text: The five survivors search through the wreckage, trying to anything useful. The task is grim. Mindful of Grant's  warnings, they move quickly and quietly. Udesky picks up a gun out of the swampy water. The barrel almost 90 degrees, unless. Billy finds his camera, intact. Digging a change of clothes out of his suitcase, Paul ste around the side of the plane to change. He's in his under before he notices Amanda is also there changing.
45) 25) dialog: He paid us half up front. Cash.
45) 27) dialog: However long that is.
46) 0) text: Amanda, Paul, Billy, Udesky and Grant walk through the ju
46) 18) dialog: If they split up, I'm going with you. And as they continue forward, Billy spots something in th trees ahead.
47) 3) dialog: Hey. Got something here. All turn to see Udesky holding up a camcorder encased in waterproof shell.
47) 5) dialog: Here, give that to me. And as Udesky fiddles with the flashlight, Grant and Bill consider the parasail.
47) 8) dialog: I think I've got it. Udesky has rigged the wires on the flashlight so that the batteries can be used to power the camcorder. He brings a live wire to back of the camcorder. A red pow light comes on.
47) 10) dialog: I don't know for how long. Udesky swings the tiny screen out and pushes play. The ot crowd around.
48) 7) dialog: Dr. Grant! He nods for the others to take a look at this. They head Grant at the rear. As he approaches, Billy is packing up the rest of the chu backpack. He stops short from what he sees. Looking down, we CIRCLE across the jungle floor. Here we strange, hollowed-out construction made of sod and branch Maybe six feet around. Just now noticing the others' stare, Paul looks down into of the bowls at his feet, a half-buried nest. It's filled football-sized eggs, laid in a spiral. And this isn't the only nest. Amanda counts twelve in all out in an oddly symmetrical pattern. The last to arrive, Grant identifies the species in a hor instant.
49) 3) dialog: They don't look that big. I mean, comparatively.
56) 0) text: The group slams the door behind them and quickly takes in room. There are several rows of oversized steel cages, apparent used for containing young dinosaurs. Many of the cage doo standing open. The group races down a lone aisle. Close behind, the rapt BURSTS into the room, ROARS. As the Raptor gains ground, Udesky and Billy run into one open cages, SLAMMING the door behind them. Grant, Paul and Amanda duck into another. Before they can swing the cage door shut behind them, however, the raptor into it, driving the door into the cage. They are forced back against a chain-like wall, trapped i small triangle space by the advancing door. The angry Raptor is now inches away through the cage door. Then, suddenly, the raptor looks up. We follow its gaze. of their triangular enclose is wide open. The eager raptor climbs up the chain-like door. Catching tail of an idea, Amanda grabs the door and nods to the ot
58) 0) text: As the hadrosaurs WHIP PAST, Paul and Amanda climb up int tree. A raptor leaps at Paul, barely missing his leg. Trying to pull Paul up, Amanda nearly loses her balance. time, Paul catchers her. Billy climbs up a nearby tree of his own in sight of Paul Udesky has nearly reached a tree of his own when he finds himself