59) 0) text: On a monitor where we can see a graphic depiction of the star and shock wave. Move to reveal the inside of the old It's beaten up and patched in several places, obviously n model. Watching the viewscreen are LURSA and B'ETOR, two powerfu Klingon women. They are sisters; aggressive, seductive an dangerous. Several N.D. male Klingons man the various sta The sisters stare at the image of the destroyed sun in aw
59) 1) dialog: Toh-pak-cha=8A (Glorious=8A)
59) 3) dialog: (excited, to Soran) You've done it, Soran. But without warning, Soran hits B'Etor squarely in the ja back over a console. Several Klingons leap to their feet, weapons, but B'Etor holds up a hand as she gets to one kn
59) 4) dialog: Wait! She dabs a trickle of blood at the corner of her mouth. H is angry and threatening.
59) 5) dialog: I hope for your sake that you are initiating a mating rit
59) 7) dialog: Impossible. We left no survivors on their outpost. B'Etor has now gotten to her feet in the b.g.
59) 11) dialog: Perhaps we are tired of waiting. Soran is unfazed by this threat.
66) 0) text: Lursa and B'Etor in command as Soran ENTERS.
66) 5) dialog: Wait. When do we get our payment? Soran hands B'Etor a small computer chip.
66) 11) dialog: Du'cha (On speakers.) The Helm works.
66) 13) dialog: What do we do? Soran checks his watch.
66) 15) dialog: (reacts) That is a Galaxy class starship. We are no match for them Soran thinks for a moment, thenhe gets an idea. He pulls VISOR out of a pocket. He eyes it with intent.
68) 18) text: On the viewscreen, Lursa and B'Etor appear.
68) 23) dialog: The Doctor values his privacy. He would be quite upset if interrupted him.
68) 28) dialog: In exchange for what?
68) 30) dialog: (to Lursa) The Captain would make a much more valuable hostage.
70) 4) dialog: Where is he? Suddenly, Crusher's face looms large in the picture, as i over La Forge. She smiles and starts talking. We can see but we can't hear what she's saying.
70) 6) dialog: Human females are so repulsive.
73) 0) text: Lursa and B'Etor are still watching La Forge's POV on the are bored and irritable.
73) 1) dialog: I thought he was the Chief Engineer.
73) 3) dialog: Then when is he going to Engineering? The POV shows La Forge's view as he stops in front of a m away the steam and reveals his own reflection. Lursa and their teeth in frustration.
75) 0) text: B'Etor watching the monitor, impatient. The POV shows La walking down a corridor. Lursa walks over to join her.
75) 2) dialog: I don't know. He bathed, now he is roaming the ship. He m Engineer in Starfleet who does not go to Engineering!
76) 0) text: Lursa and B'Etor are watching the monitor of La Forge's P irritated expressions. On the monitor, La Forge rounds a enters Engineering. The sisters lean forward eagerly.
76) 1) dialog: Finally!
78) 4) dialog: (calls out) Adjust our torpedo frequency to match- 257.4! The two sisters smile eagerly.
88) 0) text: Lursa and B'Etor in command, savoring their imminent vict
88) 2) dialog: Full disruptors. The Navigator suddenly reacts to something on his console
88) 4) dialog: What?
91) 0) text: Lursa and B'Etor react to the sight on the viewscreen as torpedoes heads directly for them. The two sisters exchan ship is suddenly rocked hard and we can see the beginning explosion.