44) 0) text: The room is bustling with patrons and activity. Data ENTE oddlook on his face, his body language subtly altered. He the world through new eyes. La Forge is following him clo his every move. They move to the bar. Guinan comes over- aged at all since the Enterprise-B. She sets down an exot container full of dark liquid.
44) 1) dialog: You two just volunteered to be my first victims. This is concoction I picked up on Forcas III. Trust me, you're go She pours two glasses of the liquid. Data takes one and s takes a drink. La Forge watches him closely. Data frowns.
44) 6) dialog: Emotions?
44) 8) dialog: (to La Forge) I don't think he likes it.
44) 12) dialog: Another round?
44) 24) text: of Guinan, who is now back at the bar.
44) 26) dialog: she begins to sense something, as though someone is watch turns, looks in the direction where Soran was just standi no one there now. She shakes off the feeling and goes bac
62) 0) text: Close on Guinan as she looks up, surprised.
62) 1) dialog: Soran? That's a name I haven't heard in a long time. Move to reveal Guinan's quarters, which are unlike any of the Enterprise. None of the standard furniture, consoles are present. The floor is made of tile, not carpet; the w in exotic fabric. The lighting is moody and subdued. Picard is standing before Guinan, who is sitting cross-le floor. They talk to each other with an easy familiarity; who know each other well.
62) 3) dialog: Oh yes. I remember everyone who was on the Lakul, every f ones who didn't make it. Guinan stands and begins to move about the room. She's cl by the memories. She hesitates, looks off into the middle few moments. Picard moves to her.
62) 5) dialog: Soran doesn't care about power or weapons. All he cares a back to the Nexus.
62) 7) dialog: It's a place I've tried very hard to forget. She makes the decision to plunge ahead.
62) 8) dialog: That ribbon isn't just some random energy phenomenon trav space. It's a doorway. It leads to another place- the Nex exist in our universe and it doesn't play by the same rul
62) 10) dialog: I can't remember very much - what it looked like or how l there. But I do remember how it felt. She turns to him and her face is filled with some kind of memory.
62) 11) dialog: It was like being inside...joy. As if joy was a real thin wrap around myself. I've never been so content. A long beat as Picard absorbs her words.
62) 13) dialog: I was pulled away. I didn't want to leave; none of us did I'd left a part of myself behind. All I could think about back. I didn't care what I had to do. Guinan moves to a window and looks out at the stars.
62) 14) dialog: It took a long time, but eventually I learned to live wit began to realize that my experience in the Nexus had chan I knew things about people, about events, about time.
62) 16) dialog: Soran may still be obsessed with getting back. And if he anything to find that doorway again.
62) 18) dialog: Let someone else do it, Jean-Luc. Picard stops, looks at her.
62) 19) dialog: Let them send another starship. Don't get near the ribbon into that Nexus, you're not going to care about Soran or or me. All you're going to care about is how it feels to (beat) And you're never going to come back. Picard weighs her words, sees the warning in her eyes, an backs away and EXITS.
108) 30) dialog: standing before him. She is wearing the same outfit seen beginning of the film on the Enterprise-B. As they talk, and the woman continue to move about their business as if Guinan aren't there. Picard is stunned.
108) 32) dialog: You're in the Nexus. Picard looks around.
108) 34) dialog: For you. This is where you wanted to be.
108) 36) dialog: Enjoy them, Jean-Luc. Picard tries to make sense of it- he focuses on Guinan.
108) 38) dialog: I am on the Enterprise. I am also here. (off his puzzled me as an "echo" of the person you know. A part she left b
108) 40) dialog: When the Enterprise-B beamed us off the Lakul, we were pa Nexus. The transporters locked on to us, but somehow ever part of themselves behind.
108) 42) dialog: All of us.
108) 44) dialog: Wherever he wanted to be. Guinan smiles at him.
108) 48) dialog: (smiles) Yeah. They're great, aren't they? You can go back and see forward and see your grandchildren. Time has no meaning h
108) 53) dialog: Why would you want to leave?
108) 55) dialog: Yes, where would you go?
108) 57) dialog: I told you, time has no meaning here. If you leave, you c any time. Picard realizes the opportunity before him.
108) 59) dialog: What makes you think things will be any different this ti
108) 61) dialog: I can't leave. I'm already there, remember? Picard looks crestfallen for a moment. Guinan gives him a smile.
108) 62) dialog: I know just the guy. Suddenly there's the cry of a hawk from o.s. Picard turns