59) 0) text: On a monitor where we can see a graphic depiction of the star and shock wave. Move to reveal the inside of the old It's beaten up and patched in several places, obviously n model. Watching the viewscreen are LURSA and B'ETOR, two powerfu Klingon women. They are sisters; aggressive, seductive an dangerous. Several N.D. male Klingons man the various sta The sisters stare at the image of the destroyed sun in aw
59) 2) dialog: HoS qorDu. (A great power.) Soran now ENTERS the Bridge. His expression is dark and a clearly not a prisoner here and strides up to the sisters
59) 9) dialog: But they didn't find it and now we have a weapon of unlim
59) 14) dialog: (to Helm) Bosh-ta-JaH Veridian (Set course for Veridian) A KLINGON GUARD ENTERS dragging the unconscious La Forge.
66) 0) text: Lursa and B'Etor in command as Soran ENTERS.
66) 1) dialog: Did you get anything from the human?
66) 8) dialog: What? On viewer.
68) 18) text: On the viewscreen, Lursa and B'Etor appear.
68) 19) dialog: Captain. What an unexpected pleasure.
68) 21) dialog: I'm afraid the Doctor is no longer aboard our ship.
68) 26) dialog: (innocent) We did not kill your Engineer. He's been our guest.
68) 31) dialog: (to Picard) We'll consider it a prisoner exchange.
70) 2) dialog: Put it through over here. Lursa and B'Etor move to one of the consoles with a large screen shows static for a few seconds, then clears to a d of a ceiling on the Enterprise- this is La Forge's POV. ( is slightly fritzed, but free of the usual VISOR effects.
70) 3) dialog: It's working.
73) 0) text: Lursa and B'Etor are still watching La Forge's POV on the are bored and irritable.
73) 2) dialog: He is.
75) 0) text: B'Etor watching the monitor, impatient. The POV shows La walking down a corridor. Lursa walks over to join her.
75) 1) dialog: Where is he now?
76) 0) text: Lursa and B'Etor are watching the monitor of La Forge's P irritated expressions. On the monitor, La Forge rounds a enters Engineering. The sisters lean forward eagerly.
78) 0) text: As before. On the screen, we can now see several of the m Engineering. On the left side of the screen is the large the Enterprise. Lursa suddenly reacts to something on the
78) 1) dialog: That's it! (to B'Etor) Replay from time index 429. B'Etor works. The image on their monitor runs backward fo then freezes. On the screen, we can see several of the mo Engineering. On the left side of the screen is the large the Enterprise. Lursa touches the diagram.
78) 2) dialog: Magnify this section and enhance. B'Etor works. The picture zooms in on the cutaway graphic in focus. There are several blocks of numbers and text vi studies the image.
78) 3) dialog: Their shields are operating on a modulation of 257.4. The sisters exchange an excited glance, then move toward area.
88) 0) text: Lursa and B'Etor in command, savoring their imminent vict
88) 1) dialog: (to Navigator) Target their Bridge.
91) 0) text: Lursa and B'Etor react to the sight on the viewscreen as torpedoes heads directly for them. The two sisters exchan ship is suddenly rocked hard and we can see the beginning explosion.