1) 0) text: -the ornate ceiling- and into- The cinema: The STORY OF RUTH plays to an- -almost empty theater- One patron or two are asleep. TITLE: THE SHAPE OF WATER. INT. ELISA'S APARTMENT - SAME ic Elisa drops three eggs into a pot of boiling water and heads for the bathroom. On the way there- she picks up an egg timer and casually winds it. INT. ELISA’S BATHROOM 2 She disrobes- Revealing: On both sides of her neck: two keloid scars, diagonal and about three inches long.
1) 2) text: Elisa rips off a leaf from a wall calendar and opens a window, letting the fresh air in. Her hair is wet and she nervously looks at the clock on the wall. The Calendar leaf back reads: “Time is but a river flowin from our past.”
2) 3) text: Giles is coloring an illustration of a happy family aroun BRIGHT RED JELL-O MOLD. A sign reads: THE FUTURE IS HERE! On his forehead: THREE pairs of eyeglasses. He raises one lowers another one- grabs a brush. We see a toupee restin top of an acrylic paint box. Elisa puts the eggs and carrot down on a side table. He caresses/taps her cheek.
2) 7) text: Elisa looks at the TV. Does a few tap steps. Sirens go by
3) 0) text: Both sides of the corridor are blocked by FILM CANS. Elisa- low heeled shoes in one hand and a paper sandwich in the other- moves past the cans and reaches a red door. She exits.
4) 0) text: She stands at the top of a fire escape. A breeze blows by The city lights glow in the distance. Looks at her watch: 10:55 ELISA climbs down. She exits past the ARCADE CINEMA MARQU She takes the steps in Bojangles fashion. She takes the steps in Bojangles fashion. The cinema owner, MR. ARZOUMANIAN, is changing the marque lettering for THE STORY OF RUTH, helped by an ASSISTANT.
5) 0) text: Elisa looks at a shoe store window. On display on a littl rotating platform: a pair of SILVER DANCE shoes. She star whistling a happy tune. Elisa dances around- and then sits down on- a bus bench i front of an appliance store. A CLOCK signals 11:05 On TV, over her whistle: MARTIN LUTHER KING. KENNEDY. RUS SATELLITES. CUBAN MISSILE CRISIS on other monitors. THEN- WAVING AMERICAN FLAG. PROGRAMMING ENDS. The bus arrives.
6) 0) text: Elisa, still whistling. Almost entirely alone, on the bus (except for a FAT GUY snoring) looking out the window wit great longing. POV Industrial landscape passes by- reflections of fire a smoke against blue steel night sky. She uses her beret and scarf as a pillow. She closes her eyes.
8) 0) text: A SQUARE, SQUAT concrete structure. Employees rush toward the building. ELISA climbs out of the bus- walks in. THRONGS OF WORKERS walk out-
9) 0) text: WORKERS are moving out. A GOLF CART arrives with MP’s Elisa runs and barely makes it. Yolanda, a Latin girl, protests. A PUNCH CLOCKS, Standing in line we see ZELDA, a plump African American woman in her 30’s. She signals Elisa to in. Elisa runs and barely makes it. Yolanda a Latin girl, protests.
10) 0) text: Elisa, Zelda and others get dressed in their JANITORIAL a KITCHEN / SERVICE garments. Change their shoes to low-heeled ones. All around them: Propaganda posters: “Loose Lips Sink Shi ete 15
11) 0) text: 6 cleaning ladies walk down the corridor in 2 lines of 3. They split off and walk into the adjacent labs. Behind th Elisa and Zelda follow and continue down the corridor.
13) 0) text: Elisa removing a piece of chewing gum. Zelda empties a WA BASKET.
14) 0) text: Zelda and Elisa empty waste baskets.
16) 0) text: Busy streets. A VAN Pulls up- Out climb Giles and Elisa.
17) 0) text: Elisa leans on the seat in front of her on the bus
19) 0) text: Elisa and Zelda pick up food from an automat. Yolanda eat a bench nearby.
20) 0) text: Elisa and Zelda hurry BEHIND Fleming. They drag their trolleys behind with stern efficiency. They stop in front 1-4. Fleming’s nose is still runny.
23) 0) text: Elisa pushes her cart down the corridor. Stops in front o 4. Hoffstetler and his LAB CREW exit. She takes her lunch opens the door.
26) 0) text: Elisa enters the lab. Starts cleaning a mess around the operating table. Hoffstetler is changing in the B.G. Toss his lab coat into a tall and narrow laundry cart. Leaves, along with the last lab assistant. Elisa places the eggs by the edge of the pool. Excitedly she takes some LP records (from a carrier) and portable player. The creature emerges slowly from the water. Takes and egg starts peeling it. Elisa shows him the record and signs: “record” 46 47 33 He is curious and vigilant. Watches her carefully as she takes the record and plays it: Glenn Miller’s LOVER'S
32) 0) text: Elisa checks her time card. Strickland- calmly smoking a cigarette- watches her. She sneaks an uncomfortable glanc He smiles. She moves away.
33) 0) text: ELISA and ZELDA sort the towels, lab coats and dirty line into thin, tall laundry carts. YOLANDA and 3 OTHERS do as much. Elisa fills up itemized sheets- tears them up and puts th in the bags.
35) 0) text: Elisa pushes her cart down the corridor.
36) 0) text: Elisa enters the lab with her cart and equipment. Closes behind her- hears a plaintive whimper- not unlike that of whale. Much to her surprise- The Amphibian Man is on a plinth. Chained to a large METAL PLATE ON THE FLOOR. Chains on hi neck and arms, force him to kneel.
36) 1) text: He looks at her. She looks around: Surgical instruments a ready. Lights are centered on the creature. The creature howls in pain- gasping. Elisa drops her lunc bag- -an egg rolls out- She moves closer- tries to free him when- CLACK! The DOOR begins to OPEN. She picks up her stuff an hides. Strickland ENTERS. Removes his jacket. Pops a few sticks gum in his mouth. Pulls out the cattle prod. The creature howls for help. Strickland raises the cattleprod. 60 40
37) 0) text: Strickland walks towards the bank of medical monitors. Elisa tenses. The door opens. Hoffstetler et al, enter.
37) 29) text: 63 64 45 Zelda is frantic. Grabs Elisa by the arm. Pulls her away.
41) 28) text: Elisa is moved. Signs “Me, too...”
45) 0) text: Elisa empties a paper basket. In the B.G. Hoffstetler and other SCIENTISTS monitor the creature on the gurney. Elisa approaches a small door in the far side of the lab- marked SERVICE CORRIDOR. Hoffstetler watches her surreptitiously.
46) 0) text: -Elisa peeks at the narrow service corridor. Walks through it. Emerges into-
48) 0) text: ZELDA smokes her cigarette with the gang. She watches as Elisa enters the dock and looks at the VIDEO CAMERA.
50) 0) text: Elisa (bucket in hand) enters the locker room- crosses Ze on the way out.
51) 0) text: Elisa uses the broom to push the camera slowly.
56) 0) text: Elisa- with the laundry cart- approaches the holding pool Quietly. The Amphibian Man is half in, half out. When it sees her, it retreats. Scared. She removes her shoes- enters the water. The Amphibian Man raises its head above water, looking at Elisa with huge, pained eyes. He hates mankind, but not h He approaches her. Hoffstetler quietly enters the room.
57) 0) text: Hoffstetler helps Elisa get the creature in the cart.
66) 0) text: Elisa emerges from the lab, pushing the laundry basket in the loading dock.
72) 0) text: Van pulls up. They push the cart- together- towards the rear doors. Ze: opens the door, Giles comes out. Zelda and Elisa remove towels from the cart. Hoffstetler assists.
73) 0) text: Looks at Elisa: The Amphibian Man is uncovered.
77) 0) text: The Van swerves between cars. 123B-12@Mrrrep 123B-126 127 INT. ELISA’S BATHROOM - SAME 127 The shower curtains slides. Giles helps lower the creature into the waiting, drawn ba It won’t move. Elisa puts algae into the water. The creat gasps. She signs “salt” and runs out.
78) 0) text: She pours the salt, mixes it into the water. No movement then- A gasp!! The creature’s gills open!! It breathes easier. Stirs. It looks at Elisa. Elisa smiles up at Giles. Sits by the side of the Amphibi Man. Giles slumps down, exhausted. She continues pouring salt the floor. He points to it. They both laugh. cur TO:
81) 0) text: Elisa walks by the canals with twin grocery bags. Water trickles down the man-made structure- A sign reads: NO SWIMMING. NO FISHING. CANAL OPENS TO SEA 30ft MARK A measuring grade on the containment walls reads: 15ft Elisa looks at the water and then at CINEMA MARQUEE, Visi a couple of blocks away. INT. ELISA’S APARTMENT - DAY 132B Tunes the radio:
83) 0) text: Elisa and Zelda check in. MP’s watch everyone coming in and out. Behind the central glass window Strickland argues, agitat with Fleming.
90) 0) text: Amphibian Man awakens, looks around - rises from the tub, stepping gingerly out into the room. INT. ELISA’S APARTMENT - NIGHT 150B Giles sleeps on a chair in the bathroom. Amphibian Man ta Giles’ toupée, tries to eat it. Tosses it on the floor. H looks at Giles head - signs “egg” with his hands. OUT OF THE GATE by Jon Erik Kellso starts 150c
94) 0) text: Elisa and Zelda are ready to leave. Hoffstetler appears i the shadows.
95) 0) text: Elisa runs the length of the corridor. INT. ELISA’S APARTMENT - NIGHT 165 She finds Giles there, bleeding from the wound.
97) 0) text: Elisa enters. It’s dark. THE STORY OF RUTH plays in the e theatre. On the screen: the IDOL of a Pagan God topples. Christian Slaves are crushed and screams!!
97) 1) text: She looks out over the seats. No one. No patrons. Save for one. She goes down to where Amphibian Man cowers, hiding like dog that’s been bad. Wheezing. The Slave on the screen howls in pain. The creature cover his ears. GILES’ VOICE Later, Elisa would tell me that when she saw him there- standing alone, blood-stained but unburdened and unmarred, like nature- right then, she knew that he was the one man that would never lie to her- that would never pretend to be anything other than himself.... With great care, she reaches out, touches him. He looks u stands down- grateful. Mercy. He wheezes rapidly. He’s beginning to have trouble breath She takes his hand. On the screen behind them: A moment of pious peace.
98) 0) text: She pours salt. Elisa gets Fish Man settled back in the tub where he can breathe. She touches his face. Gently. Her hand lingers. He “blushes,” changing colors. Water drips down.
99) 0) text: The Bus seems magical- bathed by multicolored lights. Elisa leans against the cold glass and contemplates the b of dew rolling on the window.
100) 0) text: Elisa pushing her cart- wearing the red shoes- Zelda catc up.
107) 0) text: Giles paints a portrait of Elisa and the Amphibian Man. It rains outside. Camera dollies across his window and discovers- INT. ELISA’S APARTMENT - DAWN 179A The creature eyes the rain - almost pained- like a doggie wants out. She watches him touch the glass. She touches his shoulder Scales come off in her hand.
108) 0) text: Elisa walks the canals- Rain. The waters are rising, churning. Growing.
112) 0) text: Giles- all energy- paints a large canvas image of the amphibian man. Elisa goes by. She enters her apartment without saying a single word.
112) 2) text: Elisa rips off a leaf in her calenda: reads: RAIN. DOCKS. The leaf exposed now She looks at window, Pelted by rain. Buckets and pails on her floor pick up water from ceiling leaks. The Creature stands under one particularly big leak in th kitchen. Later: Elisa peels eggs for the Amphibian Man. He looks g weak. Barely eats. 189 101 He looks at her- Suddenly, she whistles softly, then sign and then, finally, sings- quietly at first:
112) 3) dialog: You'll never know just how much I've loved you... You'll never know just how much I care... AMPHIBIAN MAN doesn’t react, she puts down her spoon and continues- with her impossibly sweet voice:
112) 4) dialog: And if I tried, I still couldn't hide my love for you... You ought to know, for haven't I told you so... A million or more times
112) 6) dialog: You went away and my heart went with you I speak your name in my every prayer... AMPHIBIAN MAN gets up, suddenly sparkling, dreamy and attentive. He moves close to her and gently takes her in arms.
112) 7) dialog: If there is some other way to prove That I love you, I swear I don't know how... They move close to each other and dance gently, in harmon
112) 8) dialog: You'll never know if you don't know now... At the end of the song / choreography, everything goes ba to normal. They eat in silence. The creature wheezes.
113) 0) text: Zelda changes her shoes- and is about to step out when sh spots: Elisa, crying her eyes out. They look at each othe
123) 8) text: Elisa and the creature sink softly, gracefully. Fish dart Odd drifting objects... empty food’cans, an alarm clock.. The creature kisses her- a kiss so gentle- and covers her wound with his webbed palm.