15) 5) dialog: (dabs his nose) Zelda, please- Watch the volume. And, there’s no call for the blaspheme, please-
15) 7) dialog: (claps his hands) A moment of your time- Today, we will be receiving a new team and asset here in T-4. This here is Dr. Robert Hoffstetler... Zelda and Elisa look at each other. FLEMING (CONT’D) I don’t want to bolster - or overstate the matter- (proud laughter) -but this may be the most sensitive asset ever to be housed in this facility... Hoffstetler looks at Elisa. Everybody suddenly turns to attention. The sliding steel opens and MP’s pour in- Fleming thumbs them out. The door slowly slides opens and Zelda and Elisa pick up their carts and- as they exit- -they see a group of SPECIALISTS wheel a MASSIVE STEEL CYLINDER into the room. It’s twice the size of an iron lu and more elaborate. It is escorted by 4 MP's, and a square-jawed, steely-eyed dressed in a black, immaculate suit and tie: RICHARD STRICKLAND, 30's. In his right hand: an electric CATTLE PROD. The CYLINDER SHAKES!! SOMETHING LARGE MOVES INSIDE!! IT HOWLS!! A WEBBED HAND slams against the glass!!! A WEBBED PALM HITS THE GLASS!! Elisa jumps, startled.
15) 9) dialog: Yes- yes-
19) 4) dialog: (approaching) You two. Come with me.
19) 6) dialog: Now. Grab your carts and bring your code cards.
20) 0) text: Elisa and Zelda hurry BEHIND Fleming. They drag their trolleys behind with stern efficiency. They stop in front 1-4. Fleming’s nose is still runny.
20) 1) dialog: Heavens to Betsy: we’re in a pickle. We’re in a real pickle now... He punches their cards into a CLEARANCE READER by the doo It beeps. The machine clacks and the door opens.
21) 1) dialog: You will have exactly twenty minutes, to render this- this lab immaculate and so on and so forth. Do you understand? Twenty minutes. He dabs his nose and exits. The place is covered in blood THE CYLINDER is now open attached to a large PUMP... An operating table is in the center of the room.
25) 36) dialog: Twenty one hundred and thirty hours- yes, Sir. Strickland gives him a look. Moves away. The Milk Truck is going by. A UNIFORMED MILKMAN is leavin cream and milk at his doorstep.
57) 3) dialog: Sir, you need to sign this week’s release forms... Offers him a pen.
62) 3) dialog: Gosh- I don’t know, Sir- A laundry truck? Strickland grabs the phone. Dials
65) 0) text: Strickland Signals to 2 MP’s. Fleming trails.
75) 2) dialog: Guns down. We need to re-assess. Let him work. Let him do his thing. Strickland looks at his smashed Cadillac.
79) 0) text: Strickland examines the fuse box. Fleming produces the “Popper.” Strickland looks at it. Smells it: Burnt.
79) 2) dialog: We have vehicle track marks, sir. We are analyzing the treads- surveillance footage and so on and so forth.
79) 4) dialog: I called it in.
79) 6) dialog: The moment it happened, I- 131 Strickland’s secretary, SALLY, rushing toward them.
79) 9) dialog: YES, SIR- I did.
83) 0) text: Elisa and Zelda check in. MP’s watch everyone coming in and out. Behind the central glass window Strickland argues, agitat with Fleming.
84) 1) dialog: If you'll allow me, sir? In my opinion, we are looking at a highly- trained group, Sir. Behind the glass, in the corridor: the employees punch in their cards. Amongst them: Zelda and Elisa. FLEMING (CONT’D) I'm thinking- Conceivably- Sir- Special Forces and so on and so forth.
84) 3) dialog: Conceivably. Fleming nods, solemn. Dabs his runny snot. FLEMING (CONT’D) A highly-trained, well-financed, elite group. (MORE )
84) 7) dialog: Infiltration took less than five minutes, Sir. Highly efficient. Fearless precision 16 He looks out. Elisa meets his eyes. He smiles. She turns away.
84) 9) dialog: Yes, Sir. You won’t regret it.
100) 6) dialog: Zelda, Elisa: Come with me.
109) 0) text: Raining. HOFFSTETLER, lugging two empty suitcases into hi building. Watching from across the street: FLEMING IN HIS CAR. INT. HOFFSTETLER’S APARTMENT - DAY 181 Hoffstetler enters his apartment. Telephone is ringing.
117) 0) text: Sitting in Fleming’s car- Strickland spies through a pair binoculars. He looks ill- sweaty.
117) 1) dialog: Sir- If you don’t mind me saying so: You don’t look too well.
117) 3) dialog: Sir- do you smell that? I- I think is it your fingers... They're black, Sir- Strickland snatches the binoculars.
117) 5) dialog: There’s no call for cursing, Sir- Hoffstetler exits his building, opens his umbrella- carry the leather suitcases and a baquelite radio into the rain
117) 7) dialog: My car? Strickland eats hard candy- mixing it with pain pills.
117) 9) dialog: Out of my car?
117) 11) dialog: No. Not doing it.
117) 13) dialog: No- no- That’s it, see? You are- a very imposing man but- (beat) We must file- file this. Get clearance. Call it up- I’ve been doing surveillance. Unauthorized surveillance for you- I’m not clocking extra time I- Rain falls outside.
117) 14) dialog: But I draw the line here. Enough is enough is enough. We go back. File the forms and let central know what you're doing. We get an administrative package and allocate resources. Then- but not until then- you can take my car or any car you need. Strickland shoots him in the face. Twice.