0) 0) dialog: If I spoke about it- If I did- what would I tell you, I wonder? Would I tell you about the time...? It happened a long time ago- in the last days of a fair Prince's reign... Or would I tell you about the place? A small city near the coast but far from everything else... Or would I tell you about her? The princess without voice... (beat) Or perhaps I would just warn you of the about the truth of these facts and the tale of love and loss and the monster that tried to destroy it all... Camera pushes and we see: An entire apartment underwater. Objects and furniture float, gently suspended, defying gravity. Asleep on/above her bed -- half floating, half weighed do ELISA. Roughly 30, but ageless, with child-like eyes, dar lush hair and a thin, beautiful mouth slightly curved int satisfied smile.
2) 2) dialog: (over sirens) Did the sirens wake you up? Hard at work at a drawing table- is GILES: late 60's, ref and prim: wool vest, bow tie and tortoiseshell glasses. W he speaks he has a ever-so-slight stutter (which gets wor when he gets nervous). GILES (CONT’D) It's a fire. The chocolate factory. It rained a little - not enough to put it out... Rains are late this year... You smell that? Toasted cocoa. Tragedy and delight- hand in hand...
2) 3) text: Giles is coloring an illustration of a happy family aroun BRIGHT RED JELL-O MOLD. A sign reads: THE FUTURE IS HERE! On his forehead: THREE pairs of eyeglasses. He raises one lowers another one- grabs a brush. We see a toupee restin top of an acrylic paint box. Elisa puts the eggs and carrot down on a side table. He caresses/taps her cheek.
2) 4) dialog: Oh, Darling child. I'd waste away to nothing without you looking after me. I am the proverbial starving artist am I not? Shirley Temple dances on the stairs with Bojangles on “Th Little Colonel”. GILES (CONT’D) Oh- watch that- Bojangles- the stair dance. He slides his chair to see better.
2) 5) dialog: Will you look at that? Very hard to do. Cagney did it- different- but beautiful- we should watch that one day
2) 8) dialog: Elisa: Wake me up when you come back. Breakfast’s on me, Child. He goes back to his painting. Looks in the mirror and smi Paints the smile on the father figure in the ad.
16) 0) text: Busy streets. A VAN Pulls up- Out climb Giles and Elisa.
16) 1) dialog: Yeah. I’m wearing the hair. Watch out for that car... Giles straightens his toupee (now on his head) Elisa sign
16) 2) dialog: Does it look good? They cross the street towards "DIXIE DOUG PIES.” cur TO: INT. “DIXIE DOUG PIES” DINER - DAY 21 Giles and Elisa stand before a glass and Stainless-steel, VENDING COLUMN/DISPLAY.
16) 3) dialog: It was eternal, see? Tantalus never even achieved the escape of death. The fruit on the branches was always just out of reach... His gaze drifts subtly to the PIE GUY at the register. He manly, masculine, like a construction worker. With pie.
16) 5) dialog: ...the water in the stream always receded just when he stooped to drink. And that's why we say things like, look at those tantalizing pies— (Elisa signs) (MORE )
16) 7) dialog: I don’t like the colors either, but they taste alright. Try it. My treat. You want cold milk? At the COUNTER:
16) 9) dialog: For the moment.
16) 11) dialog: Oh, well- I- yes- I’ve been here. A couple of times as a matter of fact.
16) 13) dialog: A craving I indulge in. It cannot possibly be good for me. Nothing I like is...
16) 15) dialog: And the color is so vivid!!
16) 17) dialog: A vivid word! It most certainly is. Elisa rolls her eyes.
16) 18) dialog: And would you be the famous “Dixie Doug” himself?
16) 22) dialog: You had me completely fooled. (beat) “That 's-a-great-a-pie...” The Little guy is Italian is he?!
16) 24) dialog: How clever! He watches Pie Guy pack them up, admiring his muscular ar Finished, Pie Guy looks up smiling.
16) 26) dialog: “y'all come back” Do you think he meant it? He had noticed me- you heard that yourself. Elisa rolls her eyes. Stops eating.
16) 27) dialog: Well, this pie is rather sordid, but- Don’t spit it out- We could try a different flavor next time. 23 17 Elisa hands him the half-eaten pie and wipes her green to wa napkin. GILES (CONT’D) Well- you wanna save it- for later? Elisa channel-surfs: EARLY CIVIL RIGHTS PROTESTS ON THE N He puts the pie away in the fridge- (We see that there ar about half a dozen half-eaten multi-colored pie slices) H pours the rest of the milk on a cat’s plate.
16) 28) dialog: (looks at TV protests) Dear God- Change that awfulness- I don’t want to see all that- ELISA CHANGES CHANNELS to Betty Grable Dances PRETTY BABY from Coney Island. GILES moves the antenna around until t image is clear. Elisa gives him “thumbs up”
16) 29) dialog: There- Now- That’s better... Oh, would you look at Betty! To be young and beautiful. If I could take this brain of mine- this heart- and put in it- If I could go back in time, when I was eighteen- I didn’t know anything about anything- I- would give myself a bit of advice, I tell you- He sighs. She signs. GILES (CONT’D) I'd say: Take better care of your teeth and fuck. A lot more. She elbows him.
16) 30) dialog: It's very good advice While sitting, he tap-dances. Elisa joins him in a beauti little foot choreography- without leaving the sofa. Music overpowers the upcoming scene. cur TO: INT. ELISA’S APARTMENT - NIGHT 23 Alarm goes off: 10:45 PM. Elisa opens her eyes. Gets up. 24-260
21) 5) dialog: I do believe you, darling, but are you sure it was alive? I once saw a mermaid- in a carnival tent. It was a monkey sewn to the tail of a fish. Looked real to me. Elisa scribbles: “Person/Fish” Giles serves her a plate.
21) 6) dialog: I apologize. But I have a deadline- You know the Corn Flakes- they were created as a cure for masturbation. She pushes the plate away. He pushes it back. “Eat” GILES (CONT’D) It doesn’t work. Giles looks at a TV GUIDE. GILES (CONT’D) Oh, Alice Faye just started... Elisa switches channels: a scene in a Dance Hall with Ali Faye singing “You'll never know...” She stops eating the cereal. GILES (CONT’D) She was a huge star- And one day- one day she just couldn't take the bullshit, the backstabbing, anymore and she just walked away from everything. Just walked away- To live the way she wanted to- Giles dances a few steps to picks up his drawing- shows i Elisa. GILES (CONT’D) Ta-da! You like it? It’s not bad, is it? For being shit? Now, eat, go to bed. Rest- I get paid- we get pie! OK, not pie. I get pie. You get whatever you want. My treat. Wish me luck. He heads out. Elisa watches intently as Alice Faye croons
22) 0) text: A classy AD AGENCY. GILES hands the finished drawing to BERNARD (60's, well-groomed and dressed) BERNIE. Green. They want the gelatin to be green now.
22) 1) dialog: But I was told red.
22) 4) dialog: Happier? The Father looks like he- he just discovered the missionary position... And the kids look like the have electrodes up their- What are they happy about?
22) 6) dialog: What are they happy about?
22) 8) dialog: It is nice work, isn’t it? One of my best. Giles nods, gravely. Bernie moves closer.
22) 10) dialog: Not a drop. 23 sign. Hands him 33 34 24 BERNIE. Getting any work since you left Klein & Saunders?
22) 11) dialog: Since I was asked to leave. By you.
22) 13) dialog: I want back, Bernie.
39) 1) dialog: (prelap) Get him out:
39) 10) dialog: What are you talking about? No- No- Absolutely not. (she signs) Because it is breaking the law! That's why. Giles is getting dressed- in his best suit. He grooms him incessantly, checks his elbows for wear. Readjusts the ha
39) 11) dialog: We're probably breaking the law right now, just- talking about it. He walks away. She runs in front of him. Stops him: Signs Giles translates. She signs. GILES (CONT’D) Alone? What if he’s alone? What about it? We’re all alone! If I- If I took you to a Chinese restaurant- would you save every crab? (beat) “It's the loneliest thing you've ever seen...” Well there you go- you just said it. It’s a thing- A freak- GILES (CONT’D) I understand what you’re- Pushes him. Signs.
39) 12) dialog: OK, OK, calm down- I'11 repeat it- to you. (repeating out loud) “and what am I? I move my mouth - like him- and I make no sound- like him. What does that make me?” (MORE)
39) 14) dialog: (beat) “All that I am, all that I’ve been- ever- brought me here- to him.” (beat) “Him??" What are you talking about? That thing? It’s a “him” now?
39) 16) dialog: Hey! Watch it! (beat) “The way he looks at me. He doesn’t know what I lack... Or how I am incomplete. He just sees me for what I am. As I am. And he is happy to see me, every time. Every day.” (beat) “and now I can either save him now or let him die. Never see his eyes, see me again. I will not let that. go...”
39) 18) dialog: I am leaving- stop talking. This is important for me, Elisa- Maybe a second chance for me- I have to go- He picks up the illustration.
39) 19) dialog: And when I come back I- We will not talk about this. Again. There’s nothing we can do. What are we, Elisa? You and I? Nothing. What can we do? Nothing. (beat) And- I am sorry. But it is not even human. She trembles in rage as she signs. Subtitled: “If we don’ something... Neither are we.” 69-72 omrrreD 69-72
40) 2) dialog: Hey- I was waiting- BERNIE. I know, I’m sorry-
40) 3) dialog: We're going in?
40) 5) dialog: No. It’s Monday. You said Monday-
40) 7) dialog: Why? I wanted to show it to you. To the team- In person. It’s some of my best work-
40) 9) dialog: Sure. No problem. What time is good for you, Bernie? Bernie removes his eyeglasses. Saddened. cur TO:
41) 0) text: Giles drinks milk on the counter. By his side: his art.
41) 4) dialog: For me?
41) 6) dialog: ‘Thank You.
41) 8) dialog: Oh, well- The thing is... That’s the thing, I really come here for- mostly- For the-
41) 10) dialog: OH, mmmh- I work alone and my best friend is not much of a... conversationalist. An African-American couple with their kid, enters.
41) 12) dialog: I would like- to know you. Better. 51 Pie Guy, beginning to get a glimmer of what’s going on, slowly pulls his hand away.
41) 14) dialog: er- you- bought me pie.
41) 17) dialog: I see... The Pie Guy addresses the African-American family.
41) 21) dialog: You don’t have to talk to them like that.
41) 23) dialog: No. Keep it. It’s perfect for you. (beat) I- I never understood why they are so damn happy anyway. So happy about a- slab of animal... protein- in- in that shade of green- that should come with a warning label.. (beat) But I guess they smile because that is their future- Your future. Just like your pies- These horrible pies. Turning around in their nice, shiny glass towers- But tasting like ashes in my mouth. Have you ever seen a real key lime pie? It’s not green. It’s actually beautiful. Who makes these pies’ Who makes them?? What are they- really? Shit. Bright, fake-colored shit. Made by no one. Eaten by no one... You don’t even know where they come from... Do you? You don’t even know that...
41) 27) dialog: I have... no one else- you are the only person that I can talk to
41) 29) dialog: Whatever this thing is... You need it... So- Just tell me what to do. 75 76 53 They embrace. cur To:
44) 22) text: OMITTED 78CcC - GILES PULLS THE STENCIL AND ADMIRES HIS HANDIWORK. 78cD
49) 1) dialog: So I will drive down the loading dock- at exactly 05:00 am. (beat) (MORE)
49) 3) dialog: Shifts are changing, yes- So we have... Elisa signs: “FIVE”
49) 4) dialog: ...five minutes... Five A.M. Five, five. Give me your watch. You'll move the camera... We’ll synchronize our watches. Just like the movies. (beat) I’m so proud of you. You're not afraid. (Elisa signs) Oh, you are? Very? Don’t tell me that! I’m terrified! Giles finishes reproducing Elisa’s ID card, using his ski as a draftsman. He holds up the finished 1D.
49) 5) dialog: I think it’s some of my best work. Then he glues his own picture and fills the name- GILES (CONT’D) Michael Parker. A good, trustworthy name. Bit butch... Loads it in a typewriter: fills in date of birth, etc. GILES (CONT’D) Age? I thought- fifty one? Elisa looks at him. GILES (CONT’D) Fifty four? Silence. Uses Ink to turn the “1” into a "7". GILES (CONT’D) Oh, you know? There is no need to be rude: Fifty seven- I put the hair on, I can pull it off. now- He models two sweaters. GILES (CONT’D) This one or this one? I think this one says “Working Man” and Move Thor! (MORE)
49) 7) dialog: This one- with butterscotch “tie- says “casual but with stylish”. 1 agree. Then we/re ready. cur TO: INT. STRICKLAND’S OFFICE - NIGHT 81 Music ends. Strickland stands in front of his wall of monitors- checking every detail. He eats little candy. Spots Elisa cleaning in a corridor. Eats candy. Drops a glass of water- on purpose. Presses a intercom
59) 0) text: Giles pulls up in the van. The Guard (eating soup) steps
59) 2) dialog: Laundry pick-up.
59) 4) dialog: Thank You.
63) 2) dialog: I am indeed. Michael Parker. Fifty seven just as it says right there. He discreetly coiffes his hair. The phone rings. As the Guard examines the pass- The age number smudges it: 57 reveals 51.
63) 4) dialog: Oh, dear- IT am not good at this- The Guard pulls out his gun.
63) 6) dialog: Would you have believed fifty- three?
68) 2) dialog: I swear I’m not doing this on purpose. Actually, mechanical objects and I- Suddenly (while Giles is turned around), Hoffstetler pops from behind and plunges the syringe into the Guard's neck falls down and out of sight.
68) 4) dialog: Who the--2?
72) 0) text: Van pulls up. They push the cart- together- towards the rear doors. Ze: opens the door, Giles comes out. Zelda and Elisa remove towels from the cart. Hoffstetler assists.
72) 1) dialog: Elisa. Wha- who is this man? He had a needle and... Elisa signs. 112 Ida 113 114 115-116 117 70 GILES (CONT’D) He's with us?
73) 1) dialog: Oh, God- He is so beautiful! Zelda moves the laundry hamper out of the way. Elisa and Amphibian Man go into the van as Giles gets in the driver seat. GILES (2) (CONT’D) Are we ready? Are we ready? Hoffstetler closes the rear doors as the van pulls away. and Zelda move off.
75) 1) dialog: Did I do that? Are you okay? Finally, It rips it off. - the bumper tumbles away. Strickland and the MP’s rush into the docks. Strickland shoots after the van. He stops. The lights come back on as the van speeds away-
77) 0) text: The Van swerves between cars. 123B-12@Mrrrep 123B-126 127 INT. ELISA’S BATHROOM - SAME 127 The shower curtains slides. Giles helps lower the creature into the waiting, drawn ba It won’t move. Elisa puts algae into the water. The creat gasps. She signs “salt” and runs out.
77) 1) dialog: Salt? What are you talking about... Salt? 128 INT. KITCHEN, ELISA’S APARTMENT 128
77) 2) dialog: Elisa! 71 129 130 72 She collects the salt shaker from the dinner table- Frantically she looks through the kitchen cabinets- finds box of salt and she runs back. Unscrewing the shaker’s ca
78) 0) text: She pours the salt, mixes it into the water. No movement then- A gasp!! The creature’s gills open!! It breathes easier. Stirs. It looks at Elisa. Elisa smiles up at Giles. Sits by the side of the Amphibi Man. Giles slumps down, exhausted. She continues pouring salt the floor. He points to it. They both laugh. cur TO:
85) 0) text: Giles pushes away his commercial paintings and pulls out large portfolio- Full of male nudes. He takes a large sketch pad.
87) 0) text: Giles sits on a small chair by the tub. Sketching the Amphibian man.
87) 1) dialog: You are not the anomaly, are you? (beat) We are. We are what happened to you~ did we not? He sketches the fish man’s eyes.
87) 2) dialog: Were you always alone? Did you ever have someone? (beat) Do you know what happened to you? (beat) ‘Cause I don’t. (beat) I swear I don’t- I look in the mirror and all I recognize are my eyes- in the face of this old man.
87) 4) dialog: Seems like I was born both too early or too late for my life.
87) 6) dialog: Maybe we’re both relics. The Amphibian Man blinks.
90) 0) text: Amphibian Man awakens, looks around - rises from the tub, stepping gingerly out into the room. INT. ELISA’S APARTMENT - NIGHT 150B Giles sleeps on a chair in the bathroom. Amphibian Man ta Giles’ toupée, tries to eat it. Tosses it on the floor. H looks at Giles head - signs “egg” with his hands. OUT OF THE GATE by Jon Erik Kellso starts 150c
91) 0) text: Fish Man steps out into the hallway. He sniffs more as he moves toward Giles’ door. He stops a the door, inhales deeply.
93) 0) text: Amphibian Man is finishing eating SNOWFLAKE. The creature’s paws and face are covered in blood. Shocked- horrified, Giles tries to stop the creature.
93) 1) dialog: No! No! No No!! Snowflake! The Amphibian Man hisses- and lunges. Giles recoils- scared. His toupee is displaced to the sid It all seems fine, but then, blood starts trickling from deep cut in Giles’ arm. GILES (CONT’D) Oh dear- He examines the cut: a long gash along his forearm. Blood pours freely from it.
95) 0) text: Elisa runs the length of the corridor. INT. ELISA’S APARTMENT - NIGHT 165 She finds Giles there, bleeding from the wound.
95) 1) dialog: I’m fine. Don’t worry about me. I’m fine. I’m fine... He ate pandora but not the pie. He was hungry but not stupid. He’s a wild creature. We can’t expect him to be anything else. Elisa’s eyes widen in horror- there’s a pool of blood und Giles’ feet.
95) 2) dialog: Go find him. He’s terrified. Go! Go find him. (to cat) You're lucky.
97) 1) text: She looks out over the seats. No one. No patrons. Save for one. She goes down to where Amphibian Man cowers, hiding like dog that’s been bad. Wheezing. The Slave on the screen howls in pain. The creature cover his ears. GILES’ VOICE Later, Elisa would tell me that when she saw him there- standing alone, blood-stained but unburdened and unmarred, like nature- right then, she knew that he was the one man that would never lie to her- that would never pretend to be anything other than himself.... With great care, she reaches out, touches him. He looks u stands down- grateful. Mercy. He wheezes rapidly. He’s beginning to have trouble breath She takes his hand. On the screen behind them: A moment of pious peace.
97) 3) dialog: I stayed awake as long as I could but, well I’m not a young man, you know. Is he alright? You sure? Elisa leaves to go to her apartment. The creature plays w the cars.
97) 4) dialog: Where are you going? Elisa? Where are you going? (to the Amphibian Man) No. No. Kitty. No kitties. Don’t play with the kitties. He approaches Giles- Mortified. The Amphibian Man practic crawls. It retracts its claws, takes Giles hand and place on its own head, and then holds Giles’ head- tenderly. GILES (CONT’D) That's very nice. Thank you. The Amphibian Man takes his hand and places it over Giles open wounds on his arm.
97) 5) dialog: I- uh- thank you. Beautiful gesture but- ah- I don’t think that’s sanitary. Oh- ha- ha- Good boy. Off. Off. Not the cats. Not the cats. It retreats and goes back towards the cars. Elisa returns with a basin of water.
97) 6) dialog: I think we need to clean this again. Interesting fella.
104) 0) text: Giles gets up. He absentmindedly puts on his robe- folds his MURPHY BED and heads to his drawing table. On it: the large format sketch of the Amphibian Man (which is lookin beautiful) Giles takes Iodine and cotton and removes the bandage from his arm: the wounds are gone. He catches his reflection on his reference mirror- and is startled to discover-
104) 2) dialog: Well, Oh, well- Hello! He hurries-
105) 2) dialog: It's a pipe. It’s a pipe. I’1l take care of it. I/11 fix it.
105) 4) dialog: Alright. I/1l take care of it. Elisa! Elisa! 177 178 179 94 INT. ELISA’S APARTMENT - SAME 177 Water spills from the bathroom door. Giles treads careful
105) 5) dialog: Oh, God- Elisa? Knocks on the bathroom door. Water projecting from its en contour. Noises. The door opens. Water pours out. Inside the Amphibian Man and Elisa, naked, covering herse with the plastic curtain. Giles, soaked, laughs. In the soundtrack: Trixie Smith sings MY UNUSUAL MAN
106) 0) text: Giles towels his hair.
106) 1) dialog: I’m toweling my hair, Elisa. My hair. And- and- look at the arm: healed. As if nothing had happened... You said he was a god. I don’t know. He ate a cat... (beat) You know what this means? We have to keep him around- just a little bit longer. You don’t want to lose him, do you? (beat) We cannot just- let him go- like that- We gotta keep him. cur TO: INT. COMMAND CENTER / STRICKLAND’S OFFICE - DAY 179 Hoffstetler meets Strickland.
107) 0) text: Giles paints a portrait of Elisa and the Amphibian Man. It rains outside. Camera dollies across his window and discovers- INT. ELISA’S APARTMENT - DAWN 179A The creature eyes the rain - almost pained- like a doggie wants out. She watches him touch the glass. She touches his shoulder Scales come off in her hand.
112) 0) text: Giles- all energy- paints a large canvas image of the amphibian man. Elisa goes by. She enters her apartment without saying a single word.
116) 4) dialog: You love him, Honey- We know what to do... Let him go... She nods. INT. ELISA’S APARTMENT - NIGHT 191BA Giles leaves Elisa at her doorstep. She spots the creatur the kitchen window. Standing under a water leak. Weak. Elisa and the Amphibian Man head for the bathroom but pau INT. ELISA’S APARTMENT - NIGHT 191c She guides him to her bed. They lie down. She embraces him. He embraces her back. She leans on his chest. Closing her eyes. She hears his heart. ‘Thump-thump-thump-thump- it becomes the rhythm of waves, murmur of the sea. She looks up- -at the ceiling, that suddenly becomes a deep, dark ocean 192 104 She raises her hand: Webbing seems to extend from her thu to her index. She closes her eyes and smiles. cur TO:
121) 11) dialog: What is it? 199 200 201 202 203 204 205 112 206 207 208 209
123) 0) text: Rain. Falling on them: Giles parks the van- takes a flashlight and goes around the van. He opens the door. El holds the Amphibian Man in her lap.
123) 1) dialog: Come on. We have to go. Come on. 114 Elisa takes the creature to the edge of the water. The Amphibian Man looks at the waters- murky, dark and co and then looks back at Giles. Giles removes his hat and places the Amphibian Man’s hand his newly grown hair. The Amphibian Man takes Giles’ hand places it on his head. Giles smiles goodbye and walks awa with his flashlight. The Amphibian Man lets out a quiet, heart-breaking whimpe and moves towards her. She signs fast- “Go. Alone. Without me.” The creature stands in the rain- streaks of it running do his face and cheeks, like tears- so many tears. Slowly- deliberately, he signs back at her. Elisa cries openly. Moves to him. -towards the water. The creature looks at her. Hesitates. Caught between freedom and her. She turns her back. He looks at the murky waters. STRICKLAND has arrived- Giles turns. Strickland knocks him down in two moves. She turns to warn the creature- tries to scream- But she is mute- A painful hiss emerges from her throat- tries again. Fails. Strickland shoots twice. The Creature’s back explodes in cloud of blood. It falls. Distant sirens are heard now. Elisa steps between the creature and him- Strickland raises his revolver. Shoots a third time. Elisa turns. She feels a hole in her coat. Elisa discover almost casually- that she has taken a bullet in her chest She falls next to the Amphibian Man. She turns to the creature. Giles picks up a broken piece of wood from the floor. Hit Strickland. Strickland falls. 115 He Loses the cattle prod. Giles runs to Elisa, cradles her. Strickland slowly gets up. He empties the chambers and st reloading the gun. The creature- its bioluminescence markings ablaze- rises the ground, heads towards Strickland. Strickland is shocked- Now the chromatophores in the Amphibian Man’s body seem t glow and get brighter. The Amphibian Man pushes the gun away. Around his head: a shimmering halo of bioluminescence.
123) 4) dialog: Yes. I believe they are
123) 6) dialog: If I told you about it- What would I Say? That they lived happily ever after? I believe they did... That. they were in love- that they remained in love? I’m sure that is true
123) 9) dialog: But when I think of her, of Elisa- all that comes to mind is a poem. Made of just a few truthful words... Whispered by someone in love, hundreds of years ago... (beat) “Unable to perceive the shape of You, I find You all around me. Your presence fills my eyes with Your love, It humbles my heart, For You are everywhere.” He then lets her body float away from him- -holding her but by the hand. Her head, crowned by a halo hair. She gasps! Drowning! Spasms! He holds her down! She grows still. And just as he releases her... the scars on the sides of Elisa’s neck open- Revealing gills. She opens her eyes and looks at him. Alive. He embraces h Blue and red lights illuminate them from above. Camera pulls back until they become small, blurry figures shifting in and out of focus from our field of vision... The Shape of Water.