0) 455) dialog: Greetings, folk fans.
0) 457) dialog: 54 You didn’t think | would?
0) 459) dialog: And who are all of these nice-looking white people?
0) 461) dialog: (smiles) Lorraine. Always a pleasure.
0) 463) dialog: Alvin, Debbie. They both shake his hand and both look uncomfortable doin
0) 465) dialog: Be prepared, the blues’re coming. Terry leans over to Moustapha and nods toward the back.
0) 467) dialog: Cool down, my friend. Everything in good time. Moustapha turns to Phil.
0) 468) dialog: (nods) 55 You like the blues?
0) 470) dialog: Like what?
0) 472) dialog: Chuck Berry. That’s your idea of blues?
0) 474) dialog: That's Muddy Waters.
0) 476) dialog: Come on, let’s go. Terry grins devilishly as he and Moustapha head off toget Lorraine turns back to Phil.
0) 571) dialog: Greetings, ladies and gentlemen. I'd like to sing a song by the great Huddie Ledbetter, better known as “Leadbelly.” This man spent most of his life in prison. But even when he wasn’t in prison, he wasn’t (continued) MOUSTAPHA (cont.) free. In America Negroes are still slaves, sitting in the back of the bus, living in the ghetto, dying in poverty. The Springfield Five are just one more example of the American hypocrisy. The audience feels ashamed. Lorraine looks around and gri “Bourgeois Blues.”
0) 572) dialog: (singing) Me and my wife Went out on the town Everywhere we went The people turned us down Lord it’s a bourgeois town It's a bourgeois town | got the bourgeois blues I’m gonna spread the news all around 67 Home of the brave Land of the free | don’t want to be mistreated By no bourgeoisie Lord it’s a bourgeois town It's a bourgeois town | got the bourgeois blues I’m gonna spread the news all around Me and my wife We were Starting upstairs | heard a white man say | don’t want no niggers up there Lord it’s a bourgeois town It's a bourgeois town | got the bourgeois blues I’m gonna spread the news all around (continued) MOUSTAPHA (cont.) The white folks in Washington They know how They call a colored man a nigger Just to see him bow Lord it’s a bourgeois town It's a bourgeois town | got the bourgeois blues I’m gonna spread the news all around Tell all the colored folks Listen to me Don't try to buy no home In Washington D.C. Oh Lord it’s a bourgeois town It's a bourgeois town | got the bourgeois blues I’m gonna spread the news all around There is a big round of guilty applause. 68 M.C. Moustapha Hakim, ladies and gentlemen. Moustapha sits back down at the table beside Phil looking
0) 573) dialog: The blues have come.
0) 575) dialog: Thank you. They slap five. The M.C. gets back up on stage and erases Moustapha’s nam wince. Next on the list is “4 Feathers.” M.C. And now I'd like to introduce some Purple Onion hootenanny regulars, ladies and gentlemen will you please welcome the incredible harmonies of The Four Feathers! The Four Feathers take the stage. They are all reasonably of applause.
0) 644) dialog: —Moustapha.
0) 646) dialog: (laughs) Boy, you are stoned.
0) 648) dialog: “What's it like being a Negro?” Shit! What’s it like being a silly little stoned white boy?
0) 650) dialog: But that wears off. Bein’ black don’t. Everywhere you go, all the time, you still a Negro, and you’re generally outnumbered, unless you're in the ghetto. All the white folk are friendly here tonight, but that don’t mean they won't be back out lynchin’ niggers 81 again tomorrow.
0) 652) dialog: (sarcastic) Wow! Golly gee-whiz! (points at Phil) | was down in Birmingham last year for Dr. King’s big march, the one where he got arrested. You hear about that?
0) 654) dialog: (shakes his head sadly) Shit! You don’t know anything, do you? Your head’s as empty as a bucket, that’s why you hear an echo. What're you doin’ here, anyway? You ain’t no folkie. You ain’t committed to no causes. Phil points at Lorraine who is talking to a guy at anothe
0) 656) dialog: (laughs) Yeah, the great recruiter, Sweet Lorraine. (gets serious) Y’know, man, we all stand for somethin’, even if we don’t know what it is. You can either stand for something on purpose or by mistake, but either way you still do. Think about it. Phil does think about it. When he looks up Moustapha has left sitting at the table. He immediately gets paranoid, looking at him. He can’t figure out what to do with his h nails. He stops himself and lights a cigarette from a pac 82 Lorraine sits down beside Phil.