21) 0) text: Del gets out of a black Lincoln Town Car, followed by CHA and WESLEY - the guys in the team jackets from the diner. Charlie is 63 years old. He wears a dress shirt, slacks a docksiders. The suburban father look. Wesley is 28. He's in jeans, T-shirt and white Reeboks. C cut; the kid who used to mow your parents’ lawn. Betty quickly snaps out the light and closes the door unt it is open only a crack.
22) 2) dialog: You're a hundred percent right. They rely on what's-his-name's arm too much... Del stops and looks around, deflated by the mess. The den is only a short flight of steps from the living r and the kitchen. Betty has a clean view of both from whe she sits on the couch.
24) 0) text: Del crosses to an old stereo and puts on an LP. He smiles the music overtakes the room. Charlie and Wesley stand nearby, appreciating the quaintness of the surroundings.
24) 2) dialog: Bourbon, little water, thank you.
24) 6) dialog: Wesley... (to Del) Your wife's a very lovely woman. Have I seen her before? 21.
24) 8) dialog: Oh, yes, with the coffee...
24) 10) dialog: I like this. I like doing business in the home. It's cozy... (noticing the card and cupcake) Who's birthday?
26) 0) text: The men have retired into the dining room, sitting or standing around a worn wooded table. Charlie and Wesley a just finishing their drinks.
26) 2) dialog: If we're for real?
26) 6) dialog: We appreciate that. But you just poured me a drink, I'd like to enjoy your hospitality for a few minutes.
26) 8) dialog: It's a nice place you got here. Real comfortable. Sweet little town, Fair Oaks. You like it here?
26) 12) dialog: What do you mean?
26) 16) dialog: Could you give us an example?
26) 18) dialog: I'm asking you for an example of one of these dumb fucks being a dumb fuck.
26) 20) dialog: You're not a dumb fuck, are you, Del?
26) 22) dialog: I didn't think so. So, give me an example of a stupid person doing a stupid thing. Not being stupid, you're equipped to recognize it.
26) 25) dialog: I'm just curious. Can't you give me an example?
26) 27) dialog: Hmmmm. "Five Stars," huh?
26) 30) dialog: That's what I thought. (to Del) You better give me another example.
26) 36) dialog: You did not just say "Injuns," Del.
26) 38) dialog: Like what?
26) 40) dialog: Let's see... around here that would be Kiowa, Kickapoo or Osage, if I'm not mistaken.
26) 42) dialog: Well, my idea of stupid is very different from yours. (BEAT)
26) 46) dialog: I'm gonna talk to you and when I'm finished, you can answer. But I don't like being interrupted. Now roll them into a ball... Del does it.
26) 48) dialog: and put them in your mouth. At a sharp look from Charlie, Del obediently stuffs the s into his mouth and starts to cry. Wesley produces a roll duct tape and fastens Del's hands to the back of his chai
28) 1) dialog: Now I'm gonna tell you what stupid is. Stupid is taking something that doesn't belong to you. Right Wesley? 26. Del nods;
28) 3) dialog: Stupid is trying to sell it to other people who are, by their very nature, untrustworthy.
28) 5) dialog: Stupid is calling people in Kansas City who are affiliated with the rightful owners of the thing you stole, and trying to sell it to them. Right Wesley?
28) 7) dialog: So you see, we have totally different ideas of what's stupid and what's not. Don't we? crying, sweating. CHARLIE (cont'd) Good. Now we're getting somewhere. You agree that you were stupid? Del nods again. Wesley collects Charlie's glass and mixes him another drink. He gets a beer for himself and stands behind Del. Charlie sips his drink slowly, savoring it. CHARLIE (cont'd) You know, a hundred and fifty years ago you'd have been scalped for that remark about Native Americans. Right here where your house is - you'd have been scalped.
28) 9) dialog: It wasn't always fatal, Wesley. We could scalp Del right now, and he'd be plenty alive to tell us how it feels. Del's eyes get huge.
28) 10) dialog: It's pretty simple, too. (BEAT)
28) 13) dialog: Now. I want to know the particulars of your stupid act: how you got what doesn't belong to you, who helped you get it, and of course, where it is now. Charlie pulls the socks out of Del's mouth. Del splutters gasping for air.
30) 2) dialog: Consider yourself lucky. Luckier than those 'Injuns' you have such contempt for. Wesley stares at the top of Del's head. Betty stares at Wesley. Charlie walks into the kitchen for another drink. CHARLIE (cont'd) I'll tell you, if anyone got a raw deal it's the American Indian. This country has a black mark on its soul for what was done to them. Wesley's nostrils flare. Betty leans forward. CHARLIE (cont'd) I'm all for them owning casinos, getting 30 31 rich off the white man's greed. It's a beautiful piece of irony, isn't it, Wesley? 29.
30) 5) dialog: 
32) 0) text: 32 33 Charlie quickly begins to hide their tracks, producing a plastic baggie and collecting the beer cans and his own glass. He also wipes down the fridge as Wesley watches.
32) 1) dialog: Are you out of your mind? You scalped him! 30.
32) 3) dialog: That was to get him to talk! (BEAT)
32) 5) dialog: This is great - just great! Now we don't know where the goddamn stuff is.
32) 7) dialog: We don't know which Buick, do we?
32) 9) dialog: I had to shoot him! It was the only decent thing to do. They exit the house. CHARLIE (0.S.) (cont'd) This is very unprofessional, Wesley.
41) 0) text: Every car on the lot has its trunk open and spare tire on ground behind it. Charlie and Wesley are at the last car.
41) 2) dialog: I saw his soul Wesley. He was face to face with his God, and no one lies in that situation. But your Geronimo act rattled me, and I abandoned my instincts. (BEAT)
41) 7) dialog: I wasn't done, I was just sick of hearing him whine. And you didn't take him out, you scalped him. Christ, I almost puked, did I tell you that?
41) 9) dialog: What the hell does that mean? If I'd told a Ty Cobb story would you have clubbed him to death with a bat? Wesley is stung. Charlie slams the last trunk in disgust. The rest remain where they are; open. CHARLIE (cont'd) It's not here. Let's go.
41) 11) dialog: Why not, it'll confuse ‘em... gotta do something, now that you fucked it up.
41) 13) dialog: Let me tell you something. In our business you can't put food on the table if your phone doesn't ring. The guys who get the calls are good - not flashy, just good. They get in, they get out. Nobody knows a goddamn thing. Understand? Boom, boom, boom. Three in the head and you know they're dead.
41) 15) dialog: Fine, I'll get you a bumpersticker, but 41 you better start believing it! It's the only statement you need to make. INT. POLICE STATION / OBSERVATION ROOM - NIGHT Al Betty is questioned in a holding room by a POLICE OFFICER a DOCTOR. Ballard and Roy watch through a window.
50) 0) text: A crowded truck stop in the Texas flatlands. THREE TRUCK DRIVERS in jeans, flannel shirts and denim jackets walk across the parking lot. One is an old, grizzled veteran with a salt-and-pepper stubble and a greasy CAT cap on his head. It's CHARLIE. Next to him is DUANE, a burly young driver in fancy cowbo boots. Flanking Duane is WESLEY.
50) 3) dialog: Mmmm. Well, it was a piece of luck running into you, Duane. I thought I was 42. gonna have to take Wesley out and hose him down. All he talks about is those Japanese gals.
51) 0) text: Two Confederate flags criss-cross over Duane's CB unit. O the dashboard is a Rebel flag pin, a bumper sticker that "The South Will Rise Again" and a dozen country music tap Duane gets in the sleeper cab, where stacks of porno tape and magazines reach the ceiling. Wesley takes the driver' seat, Charlie, the passenger seat.
51) 1) dialog: What part of Dixie are you from, Duane?
51) 4) dialog: I'm a Yankee, myself. Massachusetts. Duane passes two videos to Wesley.
51) 6) dialog: You know, it's interesting. The South lost the Civil War, but they still seem to get all the glory.
51) 8) dialog: Jeb Stuart, Stonewall Jackson, Jefferson Davis - they're all losers in my book. Charlie smiles. Duane stops digging through the videotape
51) 10) dialog: Even Robert E. Lee was a loser.
51) 12) dialog: Did you know the most brutal, inhumane prison of the entire war was in Georgia?
51) 14) dialog: Andersonville. (BEAT)
53) 1) dialog: So, at a rest stop outside Logansport you noticed that two guys were slipping something extra in one of your cars, and you decided to see what it was. Then you figured you'd take this valuable commodity and go into business yourself, even though it didn't belong to you. But you needed a crackerjack salesman to move it, so you made the biggest mistake of your short life and chose Del. Sound right so far? Duane nods. CHARLIE (cont'd) Del's dead, by the way. I sent him to the Great Beyond.
53) 3) dialog: Exactly. (BEAT)
53) 5) dialog: Ohhh ... There weren't four, were there? Charlie reaches up above the visor and pulls down a rumpl manifest. He leafs through it. CHARLIE (cont'd) There were five, damn it! I should have known! ! Goddamn... (BEAT)
53) 7) dialog: You know you're going to die, don't you, Duane? (Duane nods) And you really don't know where that other LeSabre is, do you? Duane shakes his head. Charlie sighs, resigned. CHARLIE (cont'd) He's telling the truth. He doesn't know.
53) 9) dialog: Wait. Any last words, General Lee? 54 Duane nods emphatically. Wesley pulls the Confederate fla out of his mouth.
53) 11) dialog: God, I admire that. Ya see that, Wesley? That's why they get all the glory. Charlie climbs down from the big rig and heads across the parking lot. The Town Car is parked near the adjacent mot just a few spaces away from Betty's LeSabre. With a furious calm Wesley wipes his face, then takes out can of lighter fluid, sets it on the dash and looks at Du
54) 0) text: Charlie pulls the Town Car alongside Duane's rig and drum the steering wheel impatiently. It begins to rain. There are flashes of LIGHTNING in the distance.
54) 1) dialog: Come on, Wesley, three shots. A FLASH OF ORANGE FLAME ignites inside Duane's cab. Charl sighs. Finally, THREE DULL THUDS reverberate from inside. Wesley climbs down clutching a videotape and gets in the 46. CHARLIE (cont'd) What the hell was that, another statement?
54) 3) dialog: You have to rise above it. The professionals rise above that kind of thing... As they drive away FLAMES are beginning to dance inside t cab. 55 56 57
60) 2) dialog: We don't. But a '97 Le Sabre'll be easy to find if it's here, town this size... (BEAT)
60) 3) text: He said he gave his wife some car as a gift, remember? Charlie turns the page for emphasis and studies Betty's features. 49. CHARLIE (cont'd) This is bad, Wesley. Very, very bad. Wesley happily adds three strips of bacon brought by A WAITRESS, who wears a button with the word "Missing" over Betty's face. CHARLIE (cont'd) extremely bad. Wesley finally looks up, directly at the picture of Betty CHARLIE (cont'd) Did you hear what I said? Wesley nods, his mouth stuffed with food. CHARLIE (cont'd) Maybe you don't appreciate the gravity of this situation. It's bad enough that we don't have what we came here for. It's worse that we don't know where it is. And now this. (points at the headline) This was supposed to be my last job. I already put the deposit down on my boat. (BEAT)
60) 6) dialog: I hope you're right...
60) 8) dialog: She got out of town awfully fast. And wasn't she quiet in that house? I think most women would have screamed, don't you? I know they would've... (BEAT)
62) 0) text: Charlie nurses a cup of coffee at the counter while talki to Darlene. His Federal Marshall's badge rests on the counter. Shehands him two photos of Betty taken at her birthday celebration. In one she's holding the cardboard David Ravell. The other, a closeup shot.
62) 1) dialog: and how long did she work here?
62) 3) dialog: Hmm... you two in high school together?
62) 5) dialog: But she wanted more out of life, right?
62) 7) dialog: I see. (holding up photos) May I?
62) 9) dialog: Thank you for your cooperation. (BEAT)
74) 1) dialog: So she gets rid of the asshole and is set for life in the same day.
74) 3) dialog: Joyce was screwing Del.
74) 5) dialog: I'd say that about torches her credibility, wouldn't you?
74) 9) dialog: Sorry, you've got the wrong number. He hangs up.
74) 10) dialog: No, I see Betty as a Midwestern Stoic type. Ice water in her veins. A clear thinker. Probably a Swede or a Finn.
74) 12) dialog: You should read more. Listen to me. I think this woman was waiting for a chance to do this, and we gave it to her. She kept to herself for years, living with a pompous asshole. Then she sees her opportunity, and BOOM! - she leaves that little mudpatch in the dust. These heartlanders can't figure it out, ‘cause that's not their sweet little Betty. Hah! We've been tracking her for, what, three days and I already understand her better'n most the people in that shitty little burg. Charlie pulls out the close-up photo and studies it. CHARLIE (cont'd) Betty, Betty, Betty...
74) 14) dialog: Oh, for Chrissakes. It just means the kind of person who can eat shit for a long time without complaining, then cut their momma's throat and go dancing the same night.
74) 17) dialog: No,... like a worthy adversary, Wesley. Like a very worthy adversary.
78) 0) text: The remains of pie and coffee on the table, Charlie and Wesley kick back with JERROLD BLAINE and his wife ELIZABE both in their 80's. Photos of Betty at various ages lie scattered in front of them. Charlie holds up a picture of a young Betty in ballerina costume posing at the barre. He studies it intently.
78) 2) dialog: Very graceful. Perfect form.
78) 7) dialog: Wise beyond her years, I'm sure, and such poise, too. (quietly) very, very impressive...
78) 10) dialog: What do you mean?
78) 12) dialog: (taking her hand) Mrs. Blaine? I can tell you right now, without a doubt, that your granddaughter is alive, and did not kill Del Sizemore.
78) 17) dialog: (covering) My partner's still young, Mr. Blaine, and he loves his job. (laughs) He'd like to kill all the criminals himself! (BEAT)
86) 0) text: The Town Car's looking a little muddy around the rims. Charlie and Wesley look tired as they wait in a seedy mot 71. room. Charlie sits near a window, reading diary entries aloud. Wesley kicks back on the bed, fast-forwarding thro "Genghis Kunt" and talking back to the screen.
86) 3) dialog: It's not an exact science, Wesley. He said they'll be here... My Houston contact has always been very reliable.
86) 5) dialog: You're always so coarse... "Do her right here." Let's just see what happens, okay? (reading) "I wish that I could find a way; To speak my thoughts on Mother's Day. There are no words that quite express; My gratitude or happiness. A pleasant smile perhaps a kiss; I would not fail to give her this. I'd make her glad the whole day through; By sayin' 'Mother', I love you!" P.S. I wish I could say this to my mother's face, but I can't anymore." Wesley rolls his eyes and turns up the volume. Finally a pulls up outside and Charlie snaps the book closed. He ma a quick attempt to arrange himself and motions to Wesley, turns off the tape. A WOMAN with greasy blonde hair and skinny legs shown of a short skirt comes in with another MAN. Charlie looks he over disgustedly as his face falls. CHARLIE (cont'd) Who are you?! (to the man) What the... Who the hell is this?
86) 7) dialog: Wait, wait a minute. We have a major miscommunication here. This not Betty. This is not even close to Betty... 72.
86) 9) dialog: Then I'm sorry... Wrong Betty.
86) 12) dialog: (gathering his things) Betty would never dress like that. She's not some trailer park slut!
86) 14) dialog: And she doesn't have a sewer for a mouth...
86) 16) dialog: She's got class, and poise. Lots of poise... The man looks at Charlie, then at Wesley, who shrugs in r as he steers them out the door. 91 92
91) 0) text: The black Lincoln Town Car is parked on a lonely stretch prairie highway. Wesley sits in the passenger seat with t door open. The RADIO is on. Charlie is on his cell phone nearby.
91) 1) dialog: (into phone) No, we don't know where she is... I understand... No, we'll find her... (BEAT)
91) 4) dialog: They said find it. Find her, find it. Finish the job you were paid to do.
91) 6) dialog: What?
91) 8) dialog: (disappointed) There it is again. That lousy attitude that got us here in the first place. That "make a statement," do an end zone dance, shake your ass and sue everybody in sight attitude that's dragging this whole country down the drain. (BEAT)
91) 13) dialog: 
91) 19) dialog: Well, I should be in FLORIDA now! If Carl hadn't gone in to get those stones removed, you wouldn't be here and I'd be on my way to the Keys. On my boat, RELAXING WITH A GLASS OF PORT!! Re-ti red! The first raindrops begin to fall. CHARLIE (cont'd) I'm very tired, Wesley! I've worked hard, and the work should be over, but IT'S NOT! This job is just beginning. (he turns around)
96) 0) text: The Town Car's parked on a barren stretch of desert highw white smoke billowing from the hood. Half a mile ahead Charlie and Wesley are walking in the sweltering heat. They're in their shirtsleeves, drenched in sweat as the s beats down on them.
96) 1) dialog: See, in a LeSabre Betty's probably getting twenty-two, maybe twenty-five miles to the gallon, where we're topping out at fifteen. (BEAT)
96) 2) text: She's probably all cool and fresh, and comfortable in that nice air-conditioned car right now. Wesley wipes the sweat from his eyes and trudges on in silence. Charlie takes out a photo of Betty and speaks to CHARLIE (cont'd) You don't look comfortable here. That's "cause you don't like being the center of attention, do you? Nah. You're like me.
96) 4) dialog: That was a really shitty thing to do.
96) 6) dialog: Don't talk like that. She's my last one, Wesley, my final target. (to photo) Don't you realize your special, that you represent something? This is too much. Wesley explodes.
96) 8) dialog: I dunno... something. (BEAT)
97) 4) dialog: Lying across the front seat taping the reassembled photo Betty to the dash. Charlie's beginning to come apart. His hair is uncombed and his clothes are wrinkled. His eyes h a thousand-yard stare. 84.
97) 6) text: Sounds like she's with the buyer Del lined up. Charlie pulls himself up on the door and looks down.
97) 7) dialog: How'd they describe her?
97) 9) dialog: Not so fast! Slower... 'blonde, thin', yes... Did they say she had style? A kind of grace or anything? Wesley rolls his eyes, then goes straight to the levers controlling the hydraulic jack.
105) 1) dialog: We should go.
105) 3) dialog: It's a very moving experience, trust me.
105) 5) dialog: One of the Seven Natural Wonders of the World.
105) 7) dialog: What difference does it make? She wasn't in Kansas City, or Houston, or Dallas. We 92. went to every goddamn place Del mentioned and no Betty. So what the hell makes you think she's in Vegas? You think she's waiting for us with tassles on her titties? Vegas is too crass for Betty.
105) 9) dialog: “When I grow up I'm going to become a nurse or a veterinarian. I always want to help people and value all life, be it animal, plant or mineral..." (to Wesley) Does that sound like a goddamn showgirl to you?
105) 11) dialog: Every American should see the Grand Canyon. Are you an American?
105) 13) dialog: If you don't take the next turn for the canyon, I'm blowing my goddamn brains all over this car. He puts the pistol in his mouth and cocks it. Wesley look over, not so sure this time. LONG SHOT of the black Town Car as the turn signal comes and it eases onto a lonely dirt road. Their headlights pi out a sign that says: "Grand Canyon Fire Trail. Forestry Personnel Only." 93. 110 111
107) 45) text: The Town Car is parked near one of the viewing stops at t rim. Charlie stands in the darkness, but Wesley stays in car.
107) 46) dialog: You don't know what you're missing, asshole. Charlie walks toward the canyon rim. Suddenly, Betty appe in the headlights standing at the rail - her back to Char with a bouquet of flowers.
107) 54) dialog: walking toward the rail. As he nears her, they kiss. Suddenly, REPEATED BLASTS from the car horn. The image of Betty shudders, then blurs, then fades away entirely. Charlie rubs at his eyes tiredly, then slowly trudges back toward the car. Charlie returns and gets into the car. Silence. Wesley stares at him.
107) 56) dialog: Where? Where is she?
107) 58) dialog: What?
107) 60) dialog: Wesley, I'm fine... just tell me where she is.
109) 1) dialog: This doesn't look like the kind of place Betty would go to.
109) 3) dialog: Be careful with that! Charlie takes it back and gingerly secures the tape.
110) 0) text: Merle is at the bar, drunk, the only customer on a slow night. Ellen drops two coasters in front of Charlie and Wesley as they sit down.
110) 3) dialog: We're looking for this young lady. He slides the photo of Betty across the bar. Ellen's gaze drops to the picture for a second, and Charlie sees what was looking for - a flicker of recognition. He allows himself a satisfied grin. Wesley shows Ellen his badge as Merle checks out the phot
110) 9) text: I never saw that woman before, and neither has Merle. He drinks too much. And don't try to tell me you're cops. I 102. was married to a cop for nine years, and you're not cops. Now get out of here. Wesley steps behind Merle, takes a handful of his hair an SLAMS his head into the popcorn machine on the bar. Merle staggers away, stunned. Wesley removes the tin popcorn sc from a nearby hook. Ellen reaches for something under the bar, but Charlie's faster. He pins her arm with one hand.
110) 10) dialog: You haven't been very forthcoming with us. They watch Wesley follow Merle at a slow walk around the table, CLOBBERING him over the head about every five step with the popcorn scoop. Merle wobbles with every shot, but won't go down. They be a torturous second lap around the table, punctuated by th CLANG of the scoop against Merle's head.
110) 11) dialog: What's your name, dear?
110) 13) dialog: That's a nice name. After one more CLANGING shot Merle staggers, then falls. Wesley walks over to Charlie and Ellen, drawing his knife
115) 0) text: The black Lincoln Town car hurdles along the 10 Freeway, revitalized Charlie back at the wheel. Surrounded by traffic, the lights of the city in the distance, the two push on toward their new destination.
117) 0) text: Charlie looks like a new man - showered, clear-eyed and energized - he's at the sink shaving as Wesley watches fr his seat on the edge of the bathtub.
117) 1) dialog: So you believed the bartender. Why?
117) 3) dialog: That's good. You're learning. But let me tell you why I know she was lying. (BEAT)
117) 6) dialog: No, no, Betty came here strictly for business, ‘cause it's the biggest market for what she's selling. I should have known it all along. I'm kicking myself as I shave here. So, first thing we...
117) 8) dialog: What doesn't?
117) 10) dialog: I never said that I believed...
117) 12) dialog: ‘Cause I just don't buy it. Call it instinct. Call it 35 years of professional know-how...
117) 14) dialog: You need to remember who you're talking to...
117) 17) dialog: Wesley...
117) 19) text: fucking housewife. her! nothing's beneath Wesley stands up for emphasis, pointing a finger in Charl personal space. Charlie reacts at this, throwing his razo 123 into the sink and turning on Wesley.
117) 20) dialog: Boy, you need to get outta my face... now! You got a feeling, then you do what you gotta do, but don't you ever try to tell me my job. Not ever. It's a standoff. Wesley blinks first. He stalks off and o of sight. In a moment, he returns.
119) 0) text: Charlie toys with matches from the Canyon Ranch Bar. Work off a list of names and phone numbers from his Zaurus, he makes calls from his room. 111.
119) 1) dialog: Betty Sizemore, she's got ten kilos... Blonde hair, a great figure... sort of a whole Doris Day thing going on. That's what I said-- Doris Day. You could see her working at the U.N., or something. "The U.N.' “United Nations." Forget it... (BEAT)
123) 0) text: Wesley hands Charlie a newspaper folded open to the Entertainment section, where there is a picture of Betty slapping the actor Eric Augustino. George is in b.g.
123) 2) text: I found out where they shoot it, and where the dressing rooms are. Charlie studies the photo, troubled by something.
123) 3) dialog: Who's this? 115.
123) 5) dialog: It just didn't fit her profile...
123) 7) dialog: She can't be here because of a... a soap opera. Not a soap opera. That'd make her...
123) 9) dialog: 129 130 but she's, no, Betty's smarter than that. She wouldn't be here for a...
123) 11) dialog: Don't Don't you talk about Betty like that. I don't care who she ends up being, you never use that word again. Got it?
123) 13) dialog: I said ‘got it?! 116.
123) 15) dialog: You made your point... (drops him) I was wrong. He carefully folds the paper, pockets the photo and straightens his clothing. He straps on his holster and checks his weapon for emphasis. CHARLIE (cont'd) Now, get yourself ready.
124) 0) text: Wesley gathering his gear through the open door. Charlie stands looking at himself in the mirror. Touches at the g in his hair. As an afterthought, he tosses on a splash of cologne.
126) 0) text: George McCord, wearing sunglasses and still angry, stride into the lobby. Charlie and Wesley stand quickly and take out their badges as he approaches.
126) 2) dialog: How do you do, Mr. McCord. We're trying to locate a deranged fan of yours,... a Ms. Betty...
126) 4) dialog: Thanks so much. You must get bothered by this kind of thing a lot.
126) 6) dialog: No, that should be more than--
129) 0) text: 137 Charlie watches Betty undress from a nearby fire escape. stares at the object of his desperate search with relief some fascination. Betty's movements are unhurried, mindless. Charlie stares mesmerized, until she steps into the shower.
130) 2) dialog: Well, you were right about what that bartender said. 127. Wesley looks at him. He appreciates the compliment.
130) 4) dialog: What do your instincts tell you to do now, kid?
130) 6) dialog: We could do that. I could be on my way to Florida, and you could go to Thailand 138 and fuck your brains out.
130) 8) dialog: No... if we don't finish this job, how are we gonna look at ourselves in the mirror? This is it for me, Wesley, she's the last one. My instinct says I gotta see this through with her, and if there's one thing I've tried to teach you here--
130) 10) dialog: No, I said to follow 'my' instincts. Now, we go up there and conclude our business. Case closed. Charlie walks off. Wesley closes the trunk up and prepare to follow him.
131) 0) text: At the sound of the BUZZER Rosa goes to the door. She loo through the peephole and sees Charlie holding up a badge. 128.
131) 1) dialog: I'm Detective Jefferson--
131) 4) dialog: We'll do what we can. Where is she?
131) 5) text: Bet-ty! (to the men) Please, go easy on her. She's had a really rough day. Betty appears. She recognizes the men instantly and freez Charlie's eyes wander over her... slowly. Wesley notices. ROSA (cont'd) These guys are here to help you, Betty.
131) 7) text: Rosa, I didn't kill Del... they did. Wesley produces a pistol, sitting Rosa forcibly on the so and tapes her mouth and hands. Charlie walks over to Bett
131) 8) dialog: We meet again. He moves closer to her... almost whispers. Wesley steps i and quickly tapes her hands. Charlie stops him. CHARLIE (cont'd) Not her mouth... (to Betty) I've spent many long hours in a car with your face staring back at me. I've seen it painted on the horizon.
131) 11) dialog: Get rid of them. You understand? Betty nods, scared, and looks through the peephole. She stares with disbelief at ROY OSTREY. He KNOCKS again. She opens the door a crack.
131) 23) dialog: Two thousand miles? That's nothing! He flings the door open, sticks a pistol in Ballard's fac and yanks them both inside. CHARLIE (cont'd) Hah! You probably flew! I've crossed the river Styx looking for her, pal! I travelled the fucking country to be here! Charlie slams the door and frisks them, taking a gun and handcuffs from Ballard. Wesley returns with Rosa. CHARLIE (cont'd) (to Betty) Who are these idiots?
131) 25) dialog: Oh, this is wonderful... Wesley takes over. He sits Rosa down on the sofa, then pushes Betty down next to her and beckons to Roy.
132) 0) text: Silence. Then Charlie takes out a knife and cuts the tape from Betty's wrists, touching her hair. Gently. He leaves her standing in the corner while he sits on the edge of t bed. She does.
132) 2) dialog: No, just stand there... lemme look at you a minute. Charlie stares intently at her. CHARLIE (cont'd) Do you know who I am?
132) 4) dialog: Do you know why I'm here?
132) 6) dialog: You really... didn't have anything to do with what Del was doing, did you? 132.
132) 8) dialog: So you weren't involved with him in his pathetic attempt to diversify? (off her blank look) Were you mixed up in the drugs, Betty?
132) 10) dialog: Damn, life is strange. I had you figured for this cold-blooded, calculating bitch-- Not that I didn't admire you for it. Charlie slowly folds his knife and pockets it.
132) 12) dialog: to see you.
134) 0) text: Betty is sitting on the bed. Charlie leans against the wa facing her. He has trouble starting this.
134) 1) dialog: I never meet people like you. I'ma garbageman of the human conditon. I deal with trash, mostly, people willing to trade any part of themselves for a few more minutes of their rotten lives. But you... you're different.
134) 3) dialog: Sure. You could probably have any thing you wanted... somebody as beautiful and stylish as yourself, and you don't even realize it. Betty looks curiously over at Charlie. CHARLIE (cont'd) I'm appreciably older than you, but my health is good. I take care of myself, and I got some money socked away. You'd never have to work agin, that's for sure. I'd treat you like a queen.
134) 5) dialog: Wait. Let me get this out. (clears his throat) I like the symphony, walks in the rain, sunsets, animals and children. I read passionately, and I like to discuss things. I'm basically conservative, but flexible. I've been involved in the death of thirty-two people, but I can live with that because the world is lighter by thirty-two pieces of shit, excuse my language.
134) 7) dialog: Well, thirty-three, but I'm not counting Del, on account of you... so, what do you think? 135. (BEAT)
134) 12) dialog: (he pulls out the diary) I know. I borrowed it from your grandparents because I... I... it doesn't matter. Don't worry, they're fine... (he gives the diary back) Look, I used to feel that same way, said practically those same words, sitting at night in a foxhole in Korea... (BEAT)
134) 15) dialog: Yes, but I'd sort of like to put that behind me now...
135) 3) dialog: Wesley                         Charlie sees Wesley turn to him as Ballard FIRES again. Wesley's face explodes. The flying lead drives Charlie ba to the bedroom. Crawling through the muck, Roy notices a fish flopping helplessly on the carpet inches from his face. 137.
136) 0) text: Charlie FIRES back from the doorway.
136) 1) dialog: Oh, Christ, they shot my boy! Enraged, he empties his pistol at the living room. Ballar and Roy return fire, and Charlie ducks back in. CHARLIE (cont'd) (reloading) How the hell did this happen? I'm in a goddamn shoot-out! Wesley? What the fuck happened out there?! He opens the door, and a bullet slams into the doorjamb n his head. He ducks back in. Charlie sags against the wall, looking toward Betty. CHARLIE (cont'd) That's my son! My son is dead!
136) 3) dialog: You're sorry? YOU'RE THE REASON WE'RE
136) 10) dialog: Oh shit...
138) 0) text: A LONG BEAT passes. POLICE SIRENS wail in the distance. Betty moves close to Charlie to look at his shoulder. He watches her intently.
138) 1) dialog: If we went out that window right now we'd have a chance...
138) 3) dialog: Wait, Betty... you still haven't answered me.
138) 5) dialog: Ahh, it's too late, anyway. It's too late. (BEAT)
138) 8) dialog: Betty, I don't wanna shrivel up alone in some stinking prison. No way. I've got some professional pride. And I don't want anybody else to get the credit for taking me out.
138) 10) dialog: When a Roman general knew a battle was lost, he'd throw himself on his sword. Charlie fumbles in his pocket, then pulls out the photo o Betty with the cardboard David Ravell. Charlie's CHARLIE (cont'd) Did... did you really come here because you love this guy?
138) 12) dialog: So all this...really was because of that soap opera? My son is dead because you came out here to be with that doctor? A fake doctor?
138) 14) dialog: Wesley didn't even want to come up here. He warned me, but I insisted... (BEAT)
138) 17) dialog: I want you to listen to me, Betty. People don't lie when they're about to die. 141. (BEAT)
138) 18) text: You don't need that doctor. You don't need that actor. You don't need any man. It's not the forties, honey. You don't need anybody. You've got yourself... and that's more than most people can say. Charlie reaches out slowly and takes the gun from Betty. doesn't fight him. He kisses her hand and steps into the bathroom and closes the door. A single GUNBLAST sends a shiver through Betty.