2) 0) text: Dr. Ravell comes out of surgery, clearly exhausted. Witho his surgical mask he is ruggedly handsome. TWO NURSES follow, attending him like a fighter fresh from the ring: CHLOE, 25, Raven-haired and striking, and JASMINE, 24, an exotic mix of African-American and Asian. BLAKE DANIELS, 58, the silver-haired Chief Surgeon, rushe the corridor. On his heels is DR. LONNIE WALSH, 33. Lonni is also conspicuously handsome, but he'll always be secon David. In everything. The look on Blake's face stops David in his tracks.
2) 3) dialog: Is he crazy, Jasmine? He's been on his feet for fourteen hours.
19) 0) text: The beautiful nurse Chloe is curled up seductively on her sofa with her phone in one hand and a cigarette in the ot
19) 1) dialog: We're all set. I told him my car's in the shop. He said he'd be happy to give me a ride home.
19) 3) dialog: Tell me something I don't know... Betty hits FAST FORWARD. Characters flit on and off the screen at top speed until David Ravell appears.
20) 0) text: Chloe's magnificent legs are folded into the seat of Davi 560 SL. She struggles with her seatbelt, so he helps her. She makes sure their hands touch.
20) 1) dialog: Thanks for pulling over, David... I can't go that fast without taking a breather.
20) 3) dialog: I'm sure it does... (touching the seats) Mmm, leather. How far do they recline? David smiles, a little uncomfortable. CHLOE (cont'd) Listen, David, I know I've said it 21 22 before, but I want to tell you again how sorry I am about your wife. (BEAT)
20) 4) text: It must make you scared to get close to someone again. She puts her hand over his on the gear shift. A moment. Finally, he has to move her fingers to start the car. CHLOE (cont'd) Let's not go... not yet. BETTY sits on an old couch in the den and watches, eyes g to the screen. Suddenly, she hears the sound of TIRES ON GRAVEL. HEADLIGHTS sweep across the window.
25) 0) text: Chloe is on top of David, kissing him on the mouth as he resists. He finally has to push her away forcibly, and we hear a TEARING SOUND. Chloe's blouse has been ripped.
27) 0) text: Betty is glued to the TV, oblivious to the men. Chloe and David are still talking in his car. She continues to cry.
41) 42) text: Any idea who Chloe or Lonnie are?
52) 0) text: Chloe is curled up on her white leather sofa, cowering as Lonnie hovers over her accusingly.
52) 2) dialog: I just feel... funny about what we did.
61) 12) text: Did Chloe testify? 51.
66) 0) text: Chloe paces in front of her white sofa, a matching white telephone in her hand. She looks worried.
66) 2) dialog: Lonnie? It's Chloe. We need to talk I don't think I can go through with this. She hangs up. The camera stays on her for a melodramatic beat of introspection as we GO TO COMMERCIAL.
75) 0) text: Roy approaches his fish tank cautiously. He leans down an looks at the piranha as a TV commercial ends and "A Reaso Love" comes on. He then returns to his computer, struggling to find the r words and to type them with only one hand. He types a little, stares at the screen, then deletes an entire sent one character at a time, hammering on the ‘Delete’ key. H glances up at the television as the words 'Chloe' and ‘Lonnie’ are repeated.
125) 9) dialog: (to Betty) Hi. I hear you're great. Good luck...
125) 19) dialog: Are you all right?
125) 21) dialog: I was talking to her. (to Betty) Do you need anything...? She's freezing up. George approaches her.
135) 0) text: Wesley is engrossed in watching "A Reason to Love." Behin him, Ballard quietly walks his feet up the wall until he' completely upside down. He rubs one foot against the othe until one pantleg is above his cowboy boot. Rosa and Roy watch. He finally lifts the boot off. It falls soundlessly onto chest. A small pistol is revealed, holstered above his an He works the holster open using the edge of the fishtank. 136. Roy and Rosa COUGH LOUDLY at the same time to cover the noise. Wesley glares at them. Ballard gets the pistol free. But it falls into the fisht The air goes out of Roy's sails. Ballard has fucked up ag On screen, Chloe and Jasmine kiss and embrace. Wesley rea as if he was slapped.