1) 0) text: A tense surgery in progress. Meters flicker, instruments flash in the bright overhead light. In the midst of it al stands DR. DAVID RAVELL, 35. The master of his domain. Ravell leans forward so a NURSE can mop the sweat from hi brow as he completes a last, delicate procedure. His co workers sigh collectively with relief.
7) 0) text: The trailer/office of a small-time car dealership. As the PHONE RINGS, the CAMERA PANS across pictures of DEL SIZEM 35, dressed as Napoleon, Caesar and Abe Lincoln, arms rai in a high-energy sales pitch. The PHONE RINGS again. We see a framed certificate of achievement from General Motors, dated 1986. After the THIRD RING an ANSWERING MACHINE clicks on. It's loud.
8) 0) text: Del's very busy. He's on the rented sofa in the trailer's lounge, screwing his secretary, JOYCE. But as he rocks th couch, he's listening to Betty's message.
8) 4) dialog: Whoa, whoa, whoa! Hang on a second there, baby. Why do you need one of the new Buicks?
8) 6) dialog: I ran back in to get the phone. 10. The answering machine is on, so their VOICES are BOOMING. phone cord is stretched across the trailer as he tries to back to Joyce. He motions for her to join him but she remains where she is, fuming.
8) 8) dialog: What's so special about it? LONG PAUSE. Joyce looks at Del, incredulous. Then pissed He signals to hold on.
8) 12) dialog: Nothing... it's, ahh, busy here. Look, you don't need a LeSabre to go out with Sue Ann. Take the blue Corsica. I'll see you when I get home. He throws the phone onto the cradle, then bangs on a wind to get Joyce's attention as she fires up a smoke.
8) 13) dialog: (through the pane) Shit! Joyce, open the damn gate, will you?! As Del zips up his pants Joyce trudges across the lot to bring in the "Closed For Lunch" sign and open the gate. D silently studies the much nicer car lot next door for a moment. He takes in the banners, the signs, etc. DEL (cont'd) that's what we need, some goddamn flags. 11.
9) 12) text: So, Del get that car he sold you up and running yet?
17) 0) text: A low-end ranch. A worn-out sofa and loveseat form an 'L' that dominates the living room. Romance novels line a sma bookcase. SIX CANARIES in cages chatter away in the kitch Del sits at the dining room table, agitated. He is presen attacking a pork chop, baked beans and a loaf of Wonderbr All we hear is A FORK CLICKING and BIRDS CHIRPING. Betty stands at the breakfast counter, barefoot, still in her uniform and quietly eating a salad.
17) 2) dialog: No, I do not want any goddamn... what was all that shit on the phone about the new Buicks? 16.
17) 4) dialog: She's not comfortable in a Corsica? 'S got air and leather...
17) 6) dialog: All right, then. Actually, I'm glad you're going out. I got something going on tonight. Some serious clients, with real potential. Del BELCHES, smiles, then CLUCKS at the birds nearby.
17) 8) dialog: What?
17) 10) dialog: Hey, the FDA screwed me on that when they changed the law, and you know it! (BEAT)
17) 13) dialog: well, then you ain't got much.
17) 16) dialog: Couple 'a guys in from outta town. They want to see the new LeSabres. Betty hides her reaction. 17. DEL (cont'd) And I don't need Sue Ann's fat ass around to fuck it up...
17) 18) dialog: They're new to us... Truce for a moment. Del plucks a copy of Soap Opera Guide 18 from Betty's purse while absently taking a bite from Bett cupcake. He narrowly misses the candle. DEL (cont'd) Jesus... you know these actors are mainly models, which are mainly fags. They've done studies. The rest're assholes. But you know what bugs me most about these soaps? She silently mimics him as he says... DEL (cont'd) It's people with no lives watching other people's fake lives.
17) 20) dialog: That is a skill! Del lurches to his feet and crosses to the bird cages as canaries CHIRP and SING EXCITEDLY at his approach. DEL (cont'd) Daddy's here, babies... daddy's here. (to Betty) Be back later... clean up. He exits. She collects his dirty dishes, puts them in the sink and starts to wash them. Then she stops.
21) 0) text: Del gets out of a black Lincoln Town Car, followed by CHA and WESLEY - the guys in the team jackets from the diner. Charlie is 63 years old. He wears a dress shirt, slacks a docksiders. The suburban father look. Wesley is 28. He's in jeans, T-shirt and white Reeboks. C cut; the kid who used to mow your parents’ lawn. Betty quickly snaps out the light and closes the door unt it is open only a crack.
22) 0) text: Del swaggers into the house. The two men follow politely.
22) 1) dialog: you can have the best damn running backs in the world, somebody's still gotta block for ‘em. 20.
23) 0) text: She hears Del come in, but doesn't take her eyes off the screen.
23) 1) dialog: My apologies, gentlemen. I asked my wife to straighten this shit up before she went out.
24) 0) text: Del crosses to an old stereo and puts on an LP. He smiles the music overtakes the room. Charlie and Wesley stand nearby, appreciating the quaintness of the surroundings.
24) 1) dialog: Now, what can I get you gentlemen to drink? Del crosses to the cupboard. Charlie and Wesley stand leisurely in the living room.
24) 4) dialog: You got it. Wesley looks at a wedding portrait of Del and Betty.
24) 7) dialog: If you ate at the Tip Top you did.
24) 9) dialog: Yep, Betty pours a pretty mean cup. Del reaches into the fridge and produces a Miller for Wes then mixes two drinks and walks into the dining room and Charlie and Wesley follow to the table and sit down.
24) 11) dialog: Ahh... my wife's.
24) 13) dialog: Huh? Oh, umm, a car. (BEAT)
24) 14) text: So, to a successful transaction... They raise their glasses and drink. Del tosses back his drink in one gulp.
26) 1) dialog: All right gentlemen, let's get down to it. I need to know if you're for real.
26) 3) dialog: You don't exactly look like drug dealers.
26) 5) dialog: Yeah, well, I don't have time to screw around. I got buyers in Dallas, Houston and Vegas who are ready to snap this stuff up.
26) 7) dialog: Fine. You got five...
26) 9) dialog: (laughs) Are you kidding me? What's to like?
26) 11) dialog: It is, if you like idiots...
26) 13) dialog: It's a small town, man. I never should have left Omaha. People here think 23. small. They act small. They're a bunch of dumb fucks.
26) 15) dialog: You better believe it.
26) 17) dialog: Of what?
26) 19) dialog: I don't follow...
26) 21) dialog: (warily) No...
26) 23) dialog: Are we gonna do business here, or not?
26) 26) dialog: (annoyed) All right ... lemme see ... okay, new Burger King opens up. These assholes get excited and start lining up. Like it's some five star restaurant. The place is mobbed. Right? 24.
26) 31) dialog: This is bullshit, can we get down to business here, please? Off a look from Charlie, Wesley produces a pistol and gen nudges the barrel into Del's ear.
26) 32) dialog: Jesus Christ!
26) 34) dialog: Okay, uh... the, umm, Injuns're stupid.
26) 37) dialog: The Indians, Injuns, whatever. They're always drunk and doing stupid things.
26) 39) dialog: Driving their cars into trees... puking on the sidewalk... stupid shit!
26) 41) dialog: I... I don't know... 25.
26) 44) dialog: My socks?
26) 47) dialog: Oh, Jesus, please... Please, God.
28) 14) dialog: It's in the Buick! I swear to God it's all there!
29) 4) dialog: 
30) 0) text: Del is facing her, tiny rivulets of blood running into hi terrified eyes. Wesley stands at his shoulder, still hold a handful of his hair, still poised with the knife.
30) 1) dialog: I got it from a truck driver named Duane Cooley, out of Amarillo. He brings my cars down from Detroit. But I haven't touched it, I swear to you... Please! Please! Please! Annoyed, Charlie stuffs the socks back in Del's mouth. Betty stares. Her gaze shifts from Del to Wesley, drawn b Wesley's demonic expression.
39) 0) text: Ballard drags Roy into the living room, where he sees Del He has been turned upright and is being carefully examine
40) 0) text: Ballard and his cronies delight in watching Roy struggle the dry heaves. Roy runs to the kitchen sink, almost lose it, then wipes his mouth with a paper towel.
40) 2) text: Del must've sold a lemon to the wrong Indian, and got paid back the old fashioned way. Them Kickapoos get pretty mean when they drink... Roy sees Del's scalp in the garbage can as he goes to dro his crumpled towel inside.
44) 0) text: Betty comes down the stairs without a sound. She finds a and paper near the phone and writes a note. INSERT: Dear Del: This is the hardest thing I've ever done and I can't even face you. But I need to be honest. We haven't been happy for a long time. You always say people have some. 45 46 47 48 49 need their space, and now you'll I'm sorry. Betty She takes off her wedding band and puts it on the table.
68) 4) text: Del's life insurance policy-- Are you with me?
75) 0) text: Roy approaches his fish tank cautiously. He leans down an looks at the piranha as a TV commercial ends and "A Reaso Love" comes on. He then returns to his computer, struggling to find the r words and to type them with only one hand. He types a little, stares at the screen, then deletes an entire sent one character at a time, hammering on the ‘Delete’ key. H glances up at the television as the words 'Chloe' and ‘Lonnie’ are repeated.
97) 6) text: Sounds like she's with the buyer Del lined up. Charlie pulls himself up on the door and looks down.
119) 2) text: Nobody like that? You're sure? Yeah, Detroit by way of Kansas... Alright, let me know if you hear anything, okay? He hangs up. Deletes another one off the list and looks o the window. Checks the now well-worn photo of Betty. He's starting to doubt himself.
127) 1) dialog: What the hell are you doing here? It's Del. He's in a pastel version of his usual shirt, slacks, and tie. DEL (cont'd) Well, are you gonna answer me? What'd you come here for?
127) 3) dialog: You're not on that soap opera thing again, are you? 'Cause you know what that is?
127) 5) dialog: That's right. So, if you know it, why are you in trouble? 124.
127) 7) dialog: You sure don't. Who do you think you are coming to Hollywood, anyway? You should remember where you came from. And who you really are. Del looks up at the sun for a moment, shading his eye fro it. DEL (cont'd) I gotta run. Got some serious clients to meet, with real potential. (BEAT)
127) 8) text: Goddamn, it's hot! He wipes the sweat from his brow. Betty looks at his handkerchief and sees that it's soaked in blood. Then bac at his face, now obscured by blood pouring down from his head. She stares, horrified, and in that moment Del becomes... 135 MAN, staring back at her as he wipes the sweat from his b
131) 7) text: Rosa, I didn't kill Del... they did. Wesley produces a pistol, sitting Rosa forcibly on the so and tapes her mouth and hands. Charlie walks over to Bett