10) 0) text: The cardboard doctor is standing next to Betty's Olds. Sh thinks about leaving him, but picks him up and tosses him into a blue Corsica. He lands with his face against the passenger window. 11 12 13 14 She stands for a moment by the Corsica, dangling the LeSa keys before her eyes. Suddenly, she jumps inside the Chevrolet and slams the door.
11) 0) text: The blue Corsica leaves the parking lot and pulls onto th street. The car makes an abrupt turn into a trailer park directly behind the car lot and glides to a halt behind a of battered airstreams. Betty gets outs of the Chevy and looks back: the handsome face of Doctor David Ravell is staring at her from the ca
13) 0) text: She tosses the cardboard "David" over a concrete slab wal climbs over herself and walks straight to the LeSabres. H key opens the last one - maroon. She puts the doctor on t passenger seat, gets in the car and inhales the new car smell. Joyce can be seen inside the trailer, still talking on th phone. She misses the whole scene as she works on her nai
41) 16) dialog: And did your husband know these people?
41) 18) dialog: And how did that make you feel, Betty? 37.
41) 31) dialog: She's in a kind of shock. I see all the signs of a post-traumatic reaction with possible dissociative symptoms.
41) 33) dialog: It's a type of altered state...it allows a traumatized person to continue functioning.
41) 41) dialog: I was saying that it seems probable that she witnessed the murder, but her memory of it is gone, at least for the time being. I also think you ought to have her 39. stay with someone tonight. (BEAT)
41) 44) dialog: Well, you should find out. She keeps talking about them... Ballard nods, sure he's got a clue here. He looks in at B again, just as she begins repacking her travel bag. He frowns at this, his suspicions fueled all the more.
82) 0) text: DOZENS OF PATIENTS lie on gurneys awaiting treatment in a holding area. It's still more intense at the entrance: VOICES talking back and forth urgently, POLICE OFFICERS, CIVILIANS, DOCTORS AND NURSES converging.
83) 0) text: FIVE AMBULANCES unload patients at the same time. At that moment a group of TWENTY JAPANESE HOSPITAL ADMINISTRATORS reaches the E.R. portion of their tour. A WHITE MERCEDES tears up the ramp and SCREECHES to a sto A YOUNG MAN in gang colors is pushed out, bleeding heavil A DOCTOR runs at the Mercedes to head it off, yelling indignantly. The car plows right into him and takes off. Another ambulance crests the ramp, lights flashing. The Mercedes SLAMS into it head-on. NURSES AND DOCTORS run in the parking lot. A GANGBANGER gets out of the Mercedes, d and wobbly. He pulls a pistol. Everyone dives for cover. The Mercedes driver is unconscious. The driver of the sma up ambulance is slumped over the wheel. The rear doors fl open, and a young Hispanic woman, ROSA HERRERA, leaps out
83) 4) dialog: Forget it! He doesn't have a chance. Help us over here. The doctor takes off. Rosa looks at Betty, crying.
84) 0) text: The DOCTOR tries to calm Rosa and keep her from entering treatment area.
84) 2) dialog: He's got a chance. Thanks to what that nurse did. They exit together as AN ADMINISTRATOR and several Japane officials approach. The Chief Nurse hovers nearby.
94) 0) text: Betty stands in a sexy pink dress, trying to decide if sh should put on a hospital gown and waits, tensing each tim she hears a voice from the hallway. Finally, the DOORKNOB BEGINS TO TURN. A man's hand and the bottom of a white sleeve appear. The door swings open and a silver-haired, bespectacled DOCTOR his mid-60's enters. The nametag on his white coat reads “DAVID RAVELL, M.D."
95) 16) text: Fuck the details, they're always to blame... Look, too many of these guys duck out on us, especially after they become doctors or lawyers. I see it at my company all day long! So I'm just gonna make sure you get your, you know, fairy tale ending or whatever... (BEAT)
99) 0) text: Rosa enters, tosses her purse on the table and goes strai to the VCR. Written in magic marker on a video is "A Reas to Love, Apr. 23." The tape Sue Ann gave to Betty. She pops it in and turns it on. The OPENING TITLES start The characters appear ... one is an impossibly handsome m over the title "DOCTOR DAVID RAVELL."
138) 18) text: You don't need that doctor. You don't need that actor. You don't need any man. It's not the forties, honey. You don't need anybody. You've got yourself... and that's more than most people can say. Charlie reaches out slowly and takes the gun from Betty. doesn't fight him. He kisses her hand and steps into the bathroom and closes the door. A single GUNBLAST sends a shiver through Betty.