50) 0) text: A crowded truck stop in the Texas flatlands. THREE TRUCK DRIVERS in jeans, flannel shirts and denim jackets walk across the parking lot. One is an old, grizzled veteran with a salt-and-pepper stubble and a greasy CAT cap on his head. It's CHARLIE. Next to him is DUANE, a burly young driver in fancy cowbo boots. Flanking Duane is WESLEY.
50) 2) dialog: (Southern accent) Sure, I got Asian. Got black, white, any color you like, video and magazine. Got fat chicks and animals too, if you want ‘em. They're extra...
50) 5) dialog: That's nicely put. You outta get yourself to Thailand... They reach Duane's truck, an empty car-carrier with Michi plates, and climb up into the cab.
51) 0) text: Two Confederate flags criss-cross over Duane's CB unit. O the dashboard is a Rebel flag pin, a bumper sticker that "The South Will Rise Again" and a dozen country music tap Duane gets in the sleeper cab, where stacks of porno tape and magazines reach the ceiling. Wesley takes the driver' seat, Charlie, the passenger seat.
51) 2) dialog: Georgia. In case I didn't tell you, it's cash only, gentlemen.
51) 5) dialog: Here's Ghengis Kunt and The Demilitarized Zone. Get it? (laughs) They're Korean, so they're pretty hot.
51) 7) dialog: Huh? 43.
51) 9) dialog: The fuck you talking about?
51) 11) dialog: (to Wesley) He goin' crazy on us, or what?
51) 13) dialog: Really. And where was that, old man? 52 53
53) 0) text: The flag poles over the CB unit are bare. Duane is in the sleeper cab, his forearms bound to his thighs with duct t A telltale piece of Confederate red fabric hangs out of h mouth. There is a purplish bruise on his forehead. He's quiet, but glowering at his captors.
53) 4) text: Now, the one thing I don't get is that we checked all the Buicks on that lot. Four '97 LeSabres and nothing in 'em. Duane smiles mockingly.
53) 6) text: So, what happened to the fifth car? 45. Duane shrugs his shoulders.
53) 10) dialog: Suck my dick, you Yankee piece of shit. He spits in Wesley's face. Charlie has to restrain Wesley
54) 0) text: Charlie pulls the Town Car alongside Duane's rig and drum the steering wheel impatiently. It begins to rain. There are flashes of LIGHTNING in the distance.