3) 0) text: Quaint, Midwestern eatery. Knick-knacks and photos abound The booths and counter are packed with LOCALS. A family dining section off in one corner. TWO GUYS sitting at the counter in team jackets. The olde of the two holds up his empty coffee cup. But his WAITRES standing a couple seats down from him, doesn't move. She' completely absorbed in watching the soap opera that plays two battered, fuzzy TV sets. BETTY SIZEMORE, 30, has a wholesome attractiveness that competes with a bit too much makeup and a cheesy white waitress uniform. TWO OTHER WAITRESSES attend to customer behind her. The younger of the two guys is involved in the soap opera But the older one, still wants coffee. He gestures toward Betty.
6) 0) text: THREE WAITRESSES, along with the DISHWASHER and TWO COOKS standing in a row waiting for her.
6) 4) dialog: nope, got him at "T.V. Hunks with Sweet Little Asses.Com."
6) 5) dialog: Seventy-five dollars...
6) 7) dialog: C'mon, Betty! Pose with him! Betty laughs and puts her arm around the cardboard man. A flash photo is taken. A cupcake with a single candle is placed in her hands.
6) 10) dialog: A little something for those nursing classes you've been wanting to take...
17) 11) text: Anyway, 'least I try shit, still got some dreams left... you're a goddamn waitress, what do you got?
60) 3) text: He said he gave his wife some car as a gift, remember? Charlie turns the page for emphasis and studies Betty's features. 49. CHARLIE (cont'd) This is bad, Wesley. Very, very bad. Wesley happily adds three strips of bacon brought by A WAITRESS, who wears a button with the word "Missing" over Betty's face. CHARLIE (cont'd) extremely bad. Wesley finally looks up, directly at the picture of Betty CHARLIE (cont'd) Did you hear what I said? Wesley nods, his mouth stuffed with food. CHARLIE (cont'd) Maybe you don't appreciate the gravity of this situation. It's bad enough that we don't have what we came here for. It's worse that we don't know where it is. And now this. (points at the headline) This was supposed to be my last job. I already put the deposit down on my boat. (BEAT)
87) 0) text: The Chief Nurse sits behind her desk. Betty faces her like a student in the principal's office, now dressed in her whi waitress uniform. She hopes no one notices.
142) 0) text: Darlene, the other waitresses, the cooks and assorted customers gather at the counter to watch Betty on televis Sheriff Ballard beams from a nearby stool.