37) 0) text: Betty is packing an overnight bag on her bed when Roy ent and quietly closes the door behind him. She is working wi a purpose, almost like a different person from the woman first met. Still bright and cheerful, but with a willful glint in her eye. Determined.
80) 0) text: The CHIEF NURSE, a large, dynamic woman in her 50's, face Betty across her desk.
81) 0) text: On her way down the hall Betty passes a patient's room wh the sound of A PERSON MOANING stops her. She can't help b go inside. A TV plays commercials. AN OLDER WOMAN lies in bed, alone and staring at the ceil Betty looks around and notices several arrangements of flowers on a deserted nightstand. She brings them over to the older woman's bedside, positions them, then gently strokes her head.
81) 2) dialog: Who... who're you?
83) 0) text: FIVE AMBULANCES unload patients at the same time. At that moment a group of TWENTY JAPANESE HOSPITAL ADMINISTRATORS reaches the E.R. portion of their tour. A WHITE MERCEDES tears up the ramp and SCREECHES to a sto A YOUNG MAN in gang colors is pushed out, bleeding heavil A DOCTOR runs at the Mercedes to head it off, yelling indignantly. The car plows right into him and takes off. Another ambulance crests the ramp, lights flashing. The Mercedes SLAMS into it head-on. NURSES AND DOCTORS run in the parking lot. A GANGBANGER gets out of the Mercedes, d and wobbly. He pulls a pistol. Everyone dives for cover. The Mercedes driver is unconscious. The driver of the sma up ambulance is slumped over the wheel. The rear doors fl open, and a young Hispanic woman, ROSA HERRERA, leaps out
86) 8) dialog: What the fuck're you talking about? My name's Betty...
86) 13) dialog: Fuck you!
88) 1) text: Hey, it's Supernurse! Betty, right? Rosa hugs her and tells her mother in Spanish who Betty i ROSA (cont'd) My mother doesn't speak English. Sra. Herrera smiles at Betty and starts to cry. As she st forward, Rosa stands aside. The short, stocky woman envel Betty in a bearhug.
110) 9) text: I never saw that woman before, and neither has Merle. He drinks too much. And don't try to tell me you're cops. I 102. was married to a cop for nine years, and you're not cops. Now get out of here. Wesley steps behind Merle, takes a handful of his hair an SLAMS his head into the popcorn machine on the bar. Merle staggers away, stunned. Wesley removes the tin popcorn sc from a nearby hook. Ellen reaches for something under the bar, but Charlie's faster. He pins her arm with one hand.