56) 4) dialog: 
56) 7) dialog: I’m not looking to sell you ice cream.
56) 9) dialog: I caught a bit of your conversation back there. Sounds like you're having some financial troubles.
56) 11) dialog: I’m a great admirer of your establishment.
56) 13) dialog: I lunch at your Waukegan location at least thrice a week. And not once have I ever failed to witness a large, avid crowd.
56) 15) dialog: If you’re not making money hand over fist, something is gravely amiss. This gets Kroc’s attention.
56) 19) dialog: So to summarize, you have a miniscule revenue stream, no cash reserves, and an albatross of a contract that requires you to go through a glacially slow approval process to enact changes--if they’re approved at all. Which they never are. (BEAT)
56) 22) dialog: Tell me about the land.
56) 24) dialog: The land, the buildings, how that whole aspect of it works.
56) 26) dialog: So the operator selects the site.
56) 28) text: He picks the property. Not you. Kroc nods, unsure why he’s so curious about all of this. HARRY SONNEBORN (CONT’D) You supply the training, the system, the operational know-how, and he’s responsible for the rest.
56) 30) dialog: A big one.
56) 32) dialog: That you don’t seem to realize what business you’re in. (BEAT )
56) 33) text: You're not in the burger business. You’re in the real-estate business. Kroc looks totally confused. HARRY SONNEBORN (CONT’D) You don’t build an empire off a 1.4 percent cut of a 15-cent hamburger. You build it by owning the land upon which that burger is cooked. ON KROC-- wrestling with this strange notion. HARRY SONNEBORN (CONT’D) What you ought to be doing is buying up plots of land, then turning around and leasing said plots to franchisees, who as a condition of their deal should be permitted to lease from you and you alone. This will provide you with two things: One, a steady, upfront revenue stream. Money flows in before the first stake is in the ground. Two, greater capital for expansion. (MORE )
56) 35) text: HARRY SONNEBORN (CONT’D) Which in turn fuels further land acquisition, which in turn fuels further expansion. And so on and so on. (BEAT)
56) 39) dialog: Yes. A long BEAT. Kroc searching his soul. We can almost see t Angel and the Devil on his shoulders.
56) 40) text: HARRY SONNEBORN (CONT’D) So whaddaya say, Ray? The Harry & Ray Show. Sonneborn and Kroc jumping into act --Sonneborn taking meetings with BANKERS AND INVESTORS in York City. Confidently presenting his sweeping vision to conference rooms of heavy hitters. He stands in sharp contrast to Kroc... Kroc is Main Street, Sonneborn is Wal Street. Kroc is a salesman, Sonneborn is a businessman. --Hands being shaken, deals being struck. --Kroc criss-crossing the country by plane shopping for l Scouting suburban neighborhoods, plots of land near schoo and churches. Fertile ground for the planting of arches. --Kroc’s U.S. map filling in with push pins. 15, 20, 30.. --Kroc and Sonneborn presiding over lease signings. MOLIN NASHVILLE, ORLANDO, KALAMAZOO. --New franchisees combing through thick, 100-page agreeme Glimpses of legalese: 89. ...ANY AND ALL CHANGES OR MODIFICATIONS MUST BE...
61) 28) dialog: (re: some city on map) That's a fast-growing area. The phone rings outside the room. HARRY SONNEBORN (CONT’D) And cheaper. You’re talking a good 15 percent less per acre.
69) 6) text: A million for each of us after taxes. ON KROC-- taken aback by the staggering sum. DICK MCDONALD (CONT’D) And one percent of the company’s profits in perpetuity. INT. KROC’S OFFICE - DAY Kroc is pacing furiously before Harry Sonneborn.
69) 8) dialog: And they want one other thing.
69) 10) dialog: San Bernardino. Kroc is taken aback. HARRY SONNEBORN (CONT’D) To give to their longtime employees. As a gift. 105.
69) 12) dialog: I've spoken at length about it with their lawyers. It’s unfortunately non-negotiable. ON KROC-- calmly absorbing.