35) 0) text: Holland running up the steps of the tower.  He is pulling light bathrobe over his pajamas and carrying a flashlight his hand.  Behind him come Clement and a pretty, little n maid, Alma.  Clement has dressed hurriedly.  He is barefooted; has on his trousers and a shirt, which is not tucked in at the waistband.  Alma, also barefooted, has o thick, white cotton nightgown, a little bit too big for h Clement carries a lighted kerosene lamp in his hand.
36) 0) text: Holland, Clement and Alma come up the stairs.  Clement's lantern, held high, illuminates the room, disclosing Jess still walking and Betsy cowering away from her.
36) 3) dialog: (taking Jessica's arm)
36) 4) text: Come, Miss Jessica, come with Alma.
37) 0) text: Clement precedes Betsy and Holland down the stairs, holdi the lantern high to give them light.  At the foot of the stairs he steps aside, standing near the door of Jessica' bedroom.  Betsy and Holland go outside to the garden.  Clement is about to follow them when the door to Jessica' bedroom opens a few inches.  Alma puts her head out cautiously.
37) 1) dialog: (whispering)
37) 2) text: Clement... Clement goes over to her. ALMA (cont'd)
37) 6) dialog: Well, she didn't soothe me any -- hollering around in the tower!
39) 0) text: The birds in the garden are singing loudly and cheerfully the sun pours in wide streaks through the jalousies.  At foot of Betsy's bed Alma stands.  She has lifted the cove and holds Betsy's big toe between thumb and forefinger. shakes it gently.  Betsy wakes.
39) 1) dialog: Good morning, miss.
39) 4) dialog: I didn't want to frighten you out of your sleep, Miss.  That's why I touched you farthest from your heart.  Betsy starts to get up and Alma protests.
39) 5) dialog: Don't get up, Miss.  I brought your breakfast.  Just like I do for Miss Jessica. She turns to reveal right and left-handed coffee pots beh her on a tray.  Also on the tray is an enormous, puffed-u brioche.
39) 7) dialog: I know, miss.  But I like to do it.  I like to tend for Miss Jessica and I want to tend for you.  You settle right back, now, and I'll mix you your coffee.
39) 9) text: Thank you, Alma. Alma takes a cup and places it on the little table near t bed.  She takes up the two coffee pots and simultaneously with a deft movement, pours the hot milk and the hot coff into the cup.  She sweetens it and creams it and passes i Betsy, questioning Betsy with upraised sugar tongs and cr pitcher before each move.
39) 10) dialog: (while she's pouring the coffee)
39) 13) dialog: She was very sick and then she went mindless, Miss.
39) 15) text: We'll see if we can't make her well, Alma, you and I.
39) 16) dialog: I do my best.  Every day I dress her just as beautifully as if she was well.  It's just like dressing a great, big doll.  As she talks, Alma picks up the plate with the brioche an places it at the bedside.  She puts a knife and fork on t plate.  Betsy sets down her coffee cup and picks up the plate.
39) 18) dialog: A puff-up, I call it.  But Miss Jessica always says "brioche."
41) 0) text: It is a beautiful woman's bedroom, feminine but with no suggestion of the bagnic; elegant rather than seductive, reflecting a playful yet sophisticated taste.  The furnit is Biedermeier.  There is a large bed, a trim chaise loun a little slipper chair and in one corner of the room, tha hallmark of great vanity, a triple-screen, full-length mirror, also a Biedermeier style.  Before it is a taboure the surface of which is literally covered with expensive looking perfume bottles and cosmetic jars.  Mrs. Holland evidently taken the tasks of beauty seriously enough to s up to them.  There is one picture in the room.  It is Boecklin's "The Isle of the Dead," framed in a narrow fra of dark wood.  Near the open window stands a beautiful gi parlour harp. (Size 22)  Behind it, arranged conveniently playing, is a small Empire chair.  There is no other furniture near this arrangement, and the harp, the empty chair and wind-stirred glass curtains give a dual effect elegance and loneliness. The CAMERA is FOCUSED on this harp as the scene opens.  T glass curtains blown by the wind, steal across the string bringing forth tinkling notes. The CAMERA PANS RIGHT to reveal Betsy and Dr. Maxwell at Holland's bedside.  Dr. Maxwell is a small, neat man with charming voice and a pleasant but somewhat professional personality.  He is dressed in tropical whites and wears cummerbund.  Alma is removing the breakfast tray and, as passes Betsy on her way to the door, she makes a little curtsey.  Mrs. Holland is lying back against the pillows her bed in a semi-reclining position. 
57) 8) dialog: Things so bad, nobody can help -- not even Doctor Maxwell.
57) 10) dialog: Doctors that are people can't cure everything.
57) 13) dialog: (slowly, almost sing-song)
57) 16) dialog: At the Houmfort.
57) 18) text: That's nonsense, Alma.
57) 19) dialog: They even cure nonsense, Miss Betsy.  Mama Rose was mindless.  I was at the Houmfort when the Houngan brought her mind back. 
57) 21) dialog: No.  She was mindless but not like Miss Jessica.  But the Houngan cured her.
57) 23) dialog: Yes, Miss Betsy.  I mean that.  The Houngan will speak to the rada drums and the drums will speak to Shango and Damballa.  The CAMERA MOVES IN to a CLOSE TWO SHOT of both women's faces,  Betsy looking thoughtfully at Alma and Alma retur the gaze with equal intensity.
57) 24) dialog: (softly)