2) 2) dialog: Yes.
2) 4) dialog: At the Memorial Hospital -- here in Ottawa. Wilkens writes this down and then returns the pen to its holder.  He picks up a typewritten page from the blotter, stares at it.
2) 7) text: Do you believe in witchcraft? Betsy bursts into laughter and we go to our first sight o her.  She is young, bright, alert and looks extremely attractive in her blue nurse's cape and round fur cape.
2) 8) dialog: (finally putting the leash on her laughter)
2) 12) dialog: (pleased)
2) 15) dialog: That will mean another interview, won't it?
2) 17) dialog: The West Indies?
2) 20) dialog: But it's so far away...
2) 23) dialog: Palm trees --
8) 0) text: Betsy is seated on the cabin top just abaft of the forema She is looking out toward the sea and her expression is ecstatic.  She is completely lost in the beauty that she feels, sees and smells.
8) 3) dialog: (surprised but smiling)
8) 6) dialog: You can't really believe that.  A star falls.  They both follow its flight with their eye
8) 8) text: Everything good dies here -- even the stars. He leaves his position by the mast and walks aft. The group of negroes at the mainmast.  They have stopped singing and they sit about the charcoal brazier.  They ar eating, tearing at the meat with cruel, greedy, animal gestures.  Holland walks past them on his way aft. Betsy is puzzled and a little alarmed by Holland's strang utterances and his queer behavior.  Over this shot of Bet looking off at him, we hear her as narrator.
8) 9) dialog: (narrating)
9) 0) text: St. Sebastian is a drab little West Indian village.  The shacks and houses of wood, lath and plaster seem to be falling apart.  Over the doorway of one of the buildings evidently an administrative office -- hangs an American f indicating the government of the island.  The hard-packed dirt in the roadway is overgrown with weeds.  Everywhere, moving indolently, are the little, badly nourished negroe some of them tending stalls and sidewalk vending booths, others walking idly.  Betsy, followed by a black sailor w her suitcases, comes down the gangway.  Parallel to this gangway is another.  Up the second gangway, in file, black stevedores with bun of sugar cane and small bales of sisal hemp on their head go up to the boat.  On the dock, Betsy makes her way through a group of clamo children, vendors and beggars.  As the black sailor puts luggage into an umbrella-topped surrey drawn by a gaunt m she stops, delighted, before a great basket filled with enormous white flowers.  The man seated beside the basket seems to be asleep, his face hidden by the drooping brim straw hat.  Betsy picks up one of the blooms, smells it a then looks at the vendor.
9) 1) dialog: How much is this? The vendor wakens and lifts his head, revealing a face bloated and scarified by yaws, a hideous nightmare face.  Betsy, startled, steps back, letting the flower drop.  Pa Holland, passing her, looks at this little tableau of hor and disgust.
9) 3) text: You're beginning to learn. Betsy looks after him as he walks away into the village.
10) 0) text: An umbrella-topped surrey, drawn by a gaunt mule and pilo by an old coachman in dirty white singlet, a top hat with cockade on his graying hair, is making its way along a du road between fields of sugar cane.  In the distance, the is visible and above it the great billowing white clouds the Caribbean.  Betsy, seated on the back seat of the carriage, is bending forward to listen to the old man.
10) 2) dialog: Ti-Misery?  What's that?
10) 4) dialog: (incredulous)
10) 8) dialog: (understanding and amused)
10) 12) dialog: (looking at the endless fields and the richly clouded blue sky)
11) 0) text: The jugheaded mule slowly pulls the carriage into the sce This beast comes to a somnolent stop without the coachman much as touching the reins.  As the man climbs down and starts to take the luggage out of the carriage, Betsy loo through the wrought-iron gate into the garden. 
11) 1) text: Fort Holland is a one-story house built around the garden with low covered porches to give shade and breezeway.  At open end of the U is a great gate much like the wrought-i gates of New Orleans.  Through this Betsy can see the gar and its profusion of verdure: azalea, bougainvillea, rose much like California planting; no exotic orchids or man eating Venus Jugs -- just ordinary, pretty, semi-tropic flowers and shrubs. The separate rooms are open to the garden, but have jalou of thin wood to give privacy when needed.  At one corner stands a big, stone tower, obviously a relic of some prev building.  The walls of the house have been built right u and around the tower so that it has become part of the building itself.  On the garden side of the tower is the fountain. The most outstanding feature of this spring or fountain, which flows from a crevice in the stones of the tower, is that instead of falling directly into the ciste it falls first onto the shoulders of the enormous teakwoo figurehead of St. Sebastian. From the shoulders of the sa it drips down in two runnels over his breast.  The wooden breast of the statue is pierced with six long iron arrows The face is weathered and black.  Only a few bits of whit paint still cling to the halo above his head.  Betsy and coachman come up to the grillwork of the gate.  Betsy loo around the garden, while the old coachman reaches up and pulls a bell rope suspended from the gate.  As the bell begins to ring, he pushes the gate open.  Betsy walks through.
12) 0) text: This is a small but lovely room with white plastered wall As in the rest of the house, the furniture is not the usu tropical porch furniture, but is neat, serviceable furnishings such as an well-to-do family established for long time in any given place would acquire.  There is a n four-poster bed with pineapple carving, a dressing table a little Chippendale chair before it, and a maple rocker old it has turned a hard, brown color that softly reflect the highlights in the room.  On the wall is a little mirr in a carved Spanish frame.  There are no pictures or othe ornaments.  A woven grass rug lies on the floor.  Betsy i seated before the dressing table, putting the last touche her hair.  She has changed her clothes and is wearing a simple, linen dress.  There is a discreet rap on the jalousied door which separates the room from the garden.  Betsy crosses the room and opens the door.  A colored man a butler's white jacket stands there.  This is Clement.
12) 2) dialog: Thank you, Clement. He stands aside and lets her step through, goes ahead of and precedes her down the garden path.
13) 0) text: Betsy and Clement pass the fountain.  The figure of St. Sebastian gleams wetly in the rays of the candlelight.  O the covered porch in front of the living room, a dinner service has been set out on a long mahogany table.  As sh comes forward, Betsy sees a handsome young man waiting fo her.  This is Wesley Rand.  The table by which he stands set for two and lit by candelabra in great glass hurrican lamps.  The table is laid with white linen, and the candlelight gleams on silver and cut-glass arranged in th most formal manner.  The table itself is a beautiful maho structure with elaborate carving, and the four chairs whi surround it are massive Victorian pieces.  A fifth chair stands by the wall.  Rand steps down into the garden and extends his hand to Betsy.
13) 5) dialog: Yes -- on the boat.
13) 8) dialog: (interested and a little surprised)
13) 11) dialog: I like her already.
13) 13) text: is my chair.  And this -- (draws back a chair for Betsy)
13) 15) dialog: Thank you.  But who sits there? (indicating a chair at her left)
13) 17) text: Here, here, this isn't at all cozy -- it makes me seem aloof and I'm anything but that. They smile at each other.  Betsy looks around the table a out toward the garden. FROM BETSY'S VIEWPOINT, as we see the garden.  The CAMERA PANS AROUND to show one aspect of its beauty after anothe and finally COMES TO REST ON a lighted window.  On the shutters can be seen the shadow of a man seated at a desk obviously working.
14) 0) text: Betsy and Rand are seated in easy chairs with a small cof table before them.  On it are a coffee urn, a bottle of brandy, cups and glasses.  Behind them is the lighted win where we have seen the shadow of Paul Holland.  From this angle the shadow can no longer be seen.  As if part of a general conversation that has been going on for some time
14) 1) dialog: -- But, you're an American?
14) 3) dialog: I wondered about your different accents.  I'm still wondering about your names -- Rand and Holland.
14) 5) text: We're half-brothers.  Paul is mother's first child.  When his father died, she married my father. Dr. Rand, the missionary.  And you know what they say about missionaries' children. Far off somewhere a drum begins to beat, slowly and sulle Betsy turns in the direction of the sound.  Rand watches grinning.
14) 7) text: The jungle drums -- mysterious - eerie. Betsy turns back to him and smiles. RAND (cont'd)
14) 10) dialog: Of course.  It's been nice of you to spend this much time with me. Rand picks up the brandy bottle.
14) 13) dialog: Mr. Holland?
14) 15) dialog: I don't know.  He spoke to me last night on the boat. I liked him very much.
14) 18) dialog: (smiling and pointing off)
14) 23) text: I was just going to the mill. (nods to Betsy)
14) 24) text: Good night, Miss Connell. Betsy nods and smiles to him.  Rand starts toward the gat
14) 27) dialog: Yes, thank you. Clement comes from the house carrying a large, silver tra covered with a napkin.  He comes up to Holland and holds tray before him, lifting the corner of the napkin to pres the food under it for inspection.
14) 29) text: It seems very nice, Clement.  I'll take it to Mrs. Holland. He starts to take the tray.  Betsy rising, also reaches f it.
14) 30) dialog: Can't I take it for you?
14) 32) text: No, thank you.  Tomorrow's time enough for you to begin work. He goes off with the tray.  Betsy picks up a coffee cup. LONG SHOT of tower.  Holland enters the tower and closes door behind him.
15) 0) text: Betsy, dressed in a trim negligee and slippers, is gettin ready for the night.  She plumps up the cushion, tests th softness of the mattress and then, yawning, turns out the Aladdin kerosene lamp which lights the room.  Level rays moonlight filter through the rattan blinds into the room. Betsy crosses the room and peers out through the rattan strips into the garden.
16) 0) text: AS BETSY SEES IT.  Lights are on in the living room.  Thi light, barred and diffused by the strip-blinds, softly illuminates the garden.  The black shadows of trees and shrubbery loom over the paths.  Through these shadows a woman, dressed in filmy white, walks stiffly, her arms hanging immobile, close to her slim body.  She is blonde as far as the light will reveal, she seems beautiful.  Sh makes the circuit of the garden, pacing slowly along the paths.  Betsy watches her.  Then, from the living room, a man's voice calls out to her.
17) 0) text: Betsy turns back into the room.  She has crossed over to bed and is removing her negligee when the sound of hesita notes on the piano attract her attention.  In her nightgo she goes back to the window and peers through the cracks between the laths.
18) 0) text: From where she stands, Betsy can see the big, square, rosewood piano.  A lamp had been lit beside it and the li from this lamp falls on the blonde hair and gleaming shoulders of the woman who had walked in the garden.  Her face cannot be seen.  Her fingers move strangely over the keyboard, now and again striking a hesitant note, but mak no music, only an occasional dissonance.
19) 0) text: Betsy, still watching through the slit in the jalousie, endeavors to get a better view of the living room.  She changes her position and looks out again through the blin
20) 0) text: As seen from Betsy's NEW ANGLE.  Paul Holland is seated i low armchair.  His eyes are fixed on the woman at the pia She continues to strike odd notes on the piano.
21) 0) text: Betsy leaves the window, crosses to the bed and lies down Then, sighing, she makes herself comfortable on the pillo settling herself for sleep.  Outside the nightjars whistl softly, the cicadas twitter and the Hammer tree frogs mak drowsy, somnolent little croaks:  it is a tropic lullaby bird, batrachian and insect sound.  The faint, groping no on the piano continue.
23) 0) text: Betsy is asleep.  The sound of the woman's weeping is persistent in the room.  Finally, it has its effect.  The young nurse stirs restlessly, then wakes.  She listens, g up, then listens again.
26) 0) text: Betsy crosses in front of the fountain and goes to the sm postern door of heavy, iron-bound oaks which leads into t ruin.  The sound of weeping continues.  She tries the doo It opens and she goes in, leaving it open behind her.
27) 0) text: Betsy comes hesitantly in and looks around her.  She can still hear the sound of a woman's crying.  It seems to co from above her.  A circling flight of shallow stone steps lead upward into the dark.  To one side of them, but almo hidden from her in the darkness, is another door leading into the house.  She hesitates a moment and then, slowly, begins to climb the stairs.
28) 0) text: Betsy comes up to the level of the second floor.  It is i pitch blackness.  High above her is a narrow slit through which a single shaft of white moonlight drives sharply in the well-like darkness of the room.  Very slowly, almost if feeling her way on the stone floor with her slippered feet, she crosses the room.  Then, one hand groping along rough, stone wall, she begins to circle the room, searchi for some doorway, or an ascending flight of stairs. Above her in the massive rafters of the tower, bats stir squeak.  One bat, dropping from his perch, sweeps past he with a rushing of air against the taut membranes of his wings, then flies laboriously up and out through the narr slit high in the wall.  Betsy stands stock still, frighte Then she resumes her groping progress.  A rat squeals and slithers across the floor.  Again she stops.  Then, more request for guidance than as a cry for help, she calls ou softly.
28) 1) dialog: (calling)
28) 3) dialog: (calling)
30) 0) text: Betsy is still groping her way around the circling walls the tower.  The shaft of moonlight strikes down between h and the stairs.  Through it she sees the drifting, diapha whiteness of the other woman as she comes up from the dar stairwell.
30) 1) dialog: Mrs. Holland? There is no answer.  The other woman continues to walk to her. BETSY (cont'd) (embarrassed; trying to explain)
30) 2) text: Mrs. Holland -- I didn't mean to get you up -- The white woman keeps walking toward her with the same entrance tread.  Betsy takes a step forward to meet her. two women come together in such a way that the white-clad woman stops directly in the shaft of moonlight. CLOSEUP of Jessica.  This is the face of the dead; bloodl cold-lidded, eyes open and unseeing, washed white with th pallor of the moonlight, framed in lank, lifeless tresses blonde hair. BETSY (cont'd) (a frightened questioning whisper over the closeup)
30) 3) text: Mrs. Holland -- ? Without expression, Jessica moves toward her. MED. CLOSE SHOT -- Jessica and Betsy.  Jessica comes towa Betsy, who takes a step back.  They are out of the moonli now, but the pale face of the woman seems to glow in the darkness.  She keeps advancing toward Betsy.  Betsy screa shrill and piercing.
31) 0) text: Betsy's cry echoes back and forth between the stone walls the tower.  The bats hanging from the rafters are roused begin to fly, squeaking and mewling.
32) 0) text: The flight of bats wheels and banks around the figures of two women.  Betsy screams wordlessly and the shrill, pier sound of her outcry lances back at her from the echoing walls. CLOSEUP of Betsy.  Desperately frightened, her face agoni she screams again, pressing her loosely clenched fists against the sides of her mouth.
33) 0) text: Single file, the bats sweep out one by one through the loophole high up in the wall of the tower.  Betsy's screa continues to echo.
34) 0) text: Jessica still continues to walk toward Betsy.  Betsy retr from her, backs onto the stone stairs leading to the slit the wall.  She orients herself quickly; starts to back up this narrow flight of steps.
36) 0) text: Holland, Clement and Alma come up the stairs.  Clement's lantern, held high, illuminates the room, disclosing Jess still walking and Betsy cowering away from her.
36) 5) dialog: (attempting to get a grip on herself.  Terribly ashamed)
36) 10) text: Thank you, Clement. He takes Betsy's elbow and starts toward the stairs.
37) 0) text: Clement precedes Betsy and Holland down the stairs, holdi the lantern high to give them light.  At the foot of the stairs he steps aside, standing near the door of Jessica' bedroom.  Betsy and Holland go outside to the garden.  Clement is about to follow them when the door to Jessica' bedroom opens a few inches.  Alma puts her head out cautiously.
37) 5) text: Don't you go crying anymore -- that's what frightened Miss Betsy.
38) 0) text: Holland and Betsy come out of the tower.
38) 1) dialog: Why was the maid crying?
38) 4) dialog: A figure of St. Sebastian.
39) 0) text: The birds in the garden are singing loudly and cheerfully the sun pours in wide streaks through the jalousies.  At foot of Betsy's bed Alma stands.  She has lifted the cove and holds Betsy's big toe between thumb and forefinger. shakes it gently.  Betsy wakes.
39) 2) dialog: (starting to rouse from bed)
39) 6) dialog: But I'm Miss Jessica's nurse, Alma.  You don't have to do that for me.
39) 8) dialog: (pulling the pillow up behind her to make herself comfortable)
39) 9) text: Thank you, Alma. Alma takes a cup and places it on the little table near t bed.  She takes up the two coffee pots and simultaneously with a deft movement, pours the hot milk and the hot coff into the cup.  She sweetens it and creams it and passes i Betsy, questioning Betsy with upraised sugar tongs and cr pitcher before each move.
39) 12) dialog: She must have been beautiful.  What happened to her, Alma?
39) 14) dialog: (reassuringly)
39) 17) dialog: What's this?
39) 19) dialog: Looks like an awful lot of breakfast -- I don't know whether I'll be able to get away with it. She puts her fork into it and the whole, enormous structu of the pastry falls into tiny bits.  Both she and Alma bu into peals of laughter.
40) 0) text: This room is fairly long with jalousied doors and windows like the other rooms in the house.  It is tastefully furnished and there is a large square rosewood piano in o corner of the room.  The rather formal elegant furniture shows up nicely against the white-washed plaster walls. one end is a raised portion with a low railing surroundin it.  Here Holland has his office. There is a trestle table with a straight chair behind it, typewriter on a stand, and a small wooden filing cabinet an old-fashioned letter-press on top of it.  There is a surveyor's map of the plantation on one wall, and on the other a Geodetic Survey chart of the island of St. Sebast (For 75c, we can purchase the U.S. Geodetic chart of Anac Island, engraved by Whistler, possibly the most beautiful ever drawn.  We can use this for the map of our fictitiou island.)  Holland is seated at the table with a ledger op before him.  He has obviously been working.  Betsy sits i chair drawn up to one corner of the table.  She is in her nurse's uniform.
40) 2) dialog: (quietly, but on the defensive)
40) 5) dialog: (before he can continue)
40) 8) dialog: (not so sure of herself)
40) 12) dialog: (indignantly)
40) 13) text: Of course not!   Holland waits --- looking at her a little quizzically. BETSY (cont'd)
40) 16) dialog: I'm sorry...
40) 18) text: Why should you be?  My wife is a mental case.  Please keep that in mind, Miss Connell -- particularly when some of the foolish people of this island start talking to you about Zombies. Paul rises and walks around the desk.  Betsy also stands. HOLLAND (cont'd)
40) 21) dialog: No. Holland gets up and crosses to the jalousied door.  He ho it open for Betsy to precede him into the garden.
41) 0) text: It is a beautiful woman's bedroom, feminine but with no suggestion of the bagnic; elegant rather than seductive, reflecting a playful yet sophisticated taste.  The furnit is Biedermeier.  There is a large bed, a trim chaise loun a little slipper chair and in one corner of the room, tha hallmark of great vanity, a triple-screen, full-length mirror, also a Biedermeier style.  Before it is a taboure the surface of which is literally covered with expensive looking perfume bottles and cosmetic jars.  Mrs. Holland evidently taken the tasks of beauty seriously enough to s up to them.  There is one picture in the room.  It is Boecklin's "The Isle of the Dead," framed in a narrow fra of dark wood.  Near the open window stands a beautiful gi parlour harp. (Size 22)  Behind it, arranged conveniently playing, is a small Empire chair.  There is no other furniture near this arrangement, and the harp, the empty chair and wind-stirred glass curtains give a dual effect elegance and loneliness. The CAMERA is FOCUSED on this harp as the scene opens.  T glass curtains blown by the wind, steal across the string bringing forth tinkling notes. The CAMERA PANS RIGHT to reveal Betsy and Dr. Maxwell at Holland's bedside.  Dr. Maxwell is a small, neat man with charming voice and a pleasant but somewhat professional personality.  He is dressed in tropical whites and wears cummerbund.  Alma is removing the breakfast tray and, as passes Betsy on her way to the door, she makes a little curtsey.  Mrs. Holland is lying back against the pillows her bed in a semi-reclining position. 
41) 3) text: Betsy seats herself.  Dr. Maxwell takes a cigarette case his pocket.  He takes a cigarette, holds it up. DR. MAXWELL (cont'd)
41) 5) dialog: Does she suffer?
41) 8) dialog: She can never be cured?
41) 10) dialog: Is this disease common in the tropics?
41) 12) dialog: Could you give me the details of treatment and diet? Dr. Maxwell picks up a couple of sheets of typewritten pa which have been lying beside the bed.  He hands them to Betsy.
41) 14) dialog: (taking the papers)
41) 15) text: Thank you. He picks up his bag and walks toward the door.  Betsy wal with him.  At the door, he half turns and says:
42) 0) text: Holland is standing by the fountain as Betsy comes out of door of the tower and starts to cross the garden.  He tur toward her.  She stops and smiles.
42) 2) dialog: Mrs. Holland must have been beautiful ---
42) 4) text: Many people thought her beautiful.  Betsy is about to pass on when he asks abruptly:
42) 6) dialog: I suppose so.  Yes.
42) 8) dialog: I've never given it much thought.
43) 0) text: Betsy, out of her customary uniform and dressed in a ligh colored print dress and a straw picture hat, is walking slowly and a little aimlessly down one of the village streets.
43) 3) dialog: It's my day off.
43) 5) dialog: (a little ruefully)
43) 8) dialog: (very pleased)
45) 0) text: Around the corner from the Calypso singer is a cafe.  On roadway in front of it, under a tattered awning, two or t tables have been set out.  At one of these sit Betsy and Rand.  At another, two white planters in work clothing ar having a drink of beer. Behind them, leaning against the wall, stands the proprie a Negro in duck trousers and duck coat, with an apron tie around his middle.  Betsy has tea in front of her and Ran Planter's Punch.  As we see them, she is just laughing at something he has said.  He is finishing his drink.  Rand down his glass and gestures to the proprietor.
45) 3) dialog: It must be hard work entertaining me if it requires six ounces of rum.
45) 5) dialog: Higher mathematics.  Two ounces to a drink -- three drinks, six ounces.
45) 7) dialog: I'm a nurse.  I always watch people when they pour something.  I watched Ti-Joseph and it was exactly two ounces. At this moment a new Calypso song starts.
45) 9) text: There was a family that lived on the isle Of Saint Sebastian a long, long while   The head of the family was a Holland man And the younger brother, his name was Rand  Betsy's attention is caught by the song.  Rand evidently knows the song, because he begins talking at random, tryi to distract her.
45) 11) dialog: (putting a restraining hand on his arm)
46) 1) dialog: (evidently continuing what she has been saying)
46) 14) text: Get out of here! He starts to rise.  Betsy restrains him.  The Calypso sin runs off a few feet, makes his little polite bow again, a the vanishes.  Rand stands practically shaking with rage. Betsy forces him into a chair.
46) 15) dialog: Don't let it bother you so, Wes.
46) 18) dialog: (sincerely)
46) 21) dialog: (quietly)
46) 24) dialog: I'd like to go now, Rand.  Would you mind taking me home?
46) 28) text: What he could do to that word "beautiful." That's Paul's great weapon -- words.  He uses them the way other men use their fists.  Rand finishes his drink.  Betsy watches him, her face dee troubled.
47) 0) text: CAMERA IS FOCUSED ON a ragged, barefooted lamplighter.  H lighting one of the crude kerosene street lamps of St. Sebastian with a long taper on the end of the stick.  Whe finally lights up he lowers the glass chimney with anothe stick he carries. From the beach comes the sound of a guitar and a man sing It is very faint, at first, but as it comes closer we can recognize the voice of the Calypso singer and the melody was singing when Rand interrupted him. The CAMERA PANS OVER to show Rand and Betsy still sitting Ti-Joseph's sidewalk cafe.  Rand has slumped down in his chair, thoroughly drunk.  Ti-Joseph stands, arms folded, leaning in the darker shadows of the wall.  Betsy looks o in the direction of the singing, a little anxiously.
47) 2) text: She saw the brother and she stole his heart And that's how the badness and the trouble start     Ah woe, ah me Shame and sorrow for the fam-i-ly Betsy leans over and touches Rand's arm.
47) 3) dialog: Wes.  Wesley -- it's time we were starting home. Rand makes some meaningless mumble of words.
47) 5) text: The wife fall down and the evil came  And it burned her mind in the fever flame. Betsy shakes Rand urgently.
47) 6) dialog: Please, Wes -- we've got to get back to Fort Holland. There is no movement, no sound from Rand.  Betsy looks at him, then looks over at Ti-Joseph.  There does not seem t much help to be had in that direction.  Really frightened now, she turns back quickly to the approaching Calypso singer.  He never takes his eyes off her, as he walks slo toward the cafe.  There is a strange menace in the way he sings.
47) 8) text: Ah, woe, Ah me Shame -- He stops abruptly.  In the silence footsteps are heard, l brisk footsteps coming down the street toward the cafe. Calypso singer looks away from Betsy for the first time.  As Betsy also turns, in great relief, to see who is comin the Calypso singer moves quickly and silently out of the scene.  A middle-aged white woman, handsome and neatly dressed in a suit with a Norfolk jacket, appears in the entrance of the cafe.  She glances briefly in the directi which the Calypso singer has taken and then at Betsy and Rand.  She smiles in a friendly way at Betsy.
47) 10) dialog: I'm afraid so.
47) 14) dialog: (protesting)
47) 19) dialog: (dismayed)
47) 23) text: I'm even a little glad that Wesley's difficulty brought us together. Betsy takes the older woman's hand and they shake hands.
47) 24) dialog: Believe me, Mrs. Rand, he doesn't do this often. This is the first time I've seen him --
47) 26) text: But now we've got to get you back there.  I'll walk you back and stay over night.  It'll be a nice change for me. She takes Betsy's arm and they start off. The CAMERA DOLLIES WITH them as they cross the space unde Joseph's awning.
47) 27) dialog: Thank you, Mrs. Rand.  I think you're every bit as nice as Wes says you are.
47) 30) dialog: (eagerly)
47) 33) dialog: (protesting)
48) 5) dialog: Good morning. He waves Bayard on and stops for a moment to speak with Betsy.
48) 8) dialog: Well, I had a good time up to a point.
48) 11) dialog: (encouraged by his tone)
48) 14) dialog: But for Wes -- it must be a temptation to him.  
48) 16) dialog: Still, I feel you should remove the decanter.  Wes is not an alcoholic yet, Mr. Holland. But as a nurse I can  tell you that it won't be long before he is.
48) 18) text: I'm afraid the decanter will have to stay where it is.  I engaged you, Miss Connell, to take care of my wife, not my brother.   They look at each other for a moment, then Betsy turns an walks off without a word.  Holland turns to rejoin Bayard the gate.
49) 0) text: It is a hot, windy night.  The bushes in the garden move violently with the gusts of wind.  Even protected as they by the great glass hurricane lamps, the candle flames tha light the table are agitated and stir restlessly.  Tonigh there are four people at dinner, Holland, Rand, Betsy, in simple print dress, and Jessica, in a lovely evening gown that leaves her shoulders and arms bare.  They have finis the first portion of their meal and Clement is taking off soup plates.  Somewhere off in the hills there is the ululating sounds of a great sea conch being blown.
49) 1) dialog: You don't seem very disturbed by it.  I've always thought Voodoo was something to be scared of: the drums sounded in the hills and everybody was frightened.
49) 16) text: You were so gentlemanly when you drove Jessica insane -- so polite when you made her into that! He subsides in his chair, shaken, entirely out of control He doesn't look at Holland, nor at Betsy but at Jessica.  They sit there for a moment in complete silence.  Then Holland, obviously holding in his temper, rises and says:
50) 0) text: The room is in darkness.  Betsy stands leaning against on the jalousies, looking out through the slit between two panels.  Over the scene comes the sad, masculine sorrow o the Liebestod.  It is being played well and forcefully on piano in the living room.
51) 0) text: From her window Betsy can see Holland playing the piano.
52) 0) text: Betsy stands watching him.  Then suddenly, as if compelle she leaves the window, opens the jalousied door and goes quickly out into the garden.
53) 0) text: Holland is still playing.  The sound of the door opening heard.  It startles him and he turns toward the sound.  H sees Betsy and rises to face her as she steps into the ro
53) 1) dialog: I heard you playing. 
53) 4) dialog: (disregarding his remark)
53) 7) dialog: I don't know.  I wanted to help you. And now that I'm here, I don't know how. Holland comes close to her and looks down into her eyes.
53) 10) dialog: (looking past him into the garden)
53) 13) dialog: You didn't drive her mad.
53) 15) text: Before Jessica was taken ill, there was a scene.  An ugly scene.  I told her I wouldn't let her go, that I'd hold her by force if necessary. Betsy puts her hand on his arm, in an instinctive gesture sympathy and comfort.  Holland looks down at her hand and then, searchingly, into her face. HOLLAND (cont'd)
53) 16) text: You wouldn't understand that kind of love.  You never knew Jessica as she was.  Beautiful, restless, willful -- living in a world with room for nothing but her own image and her own desires. Betsy gently draws her hand away.  She watches his face, in remembering. HOLLAND (cont'd)
53) 17) text: She promised so much -- warmth and sweetness...she promised -- In the hills the conches blow wildly, echoing and answeri each other from every direction.  For a brief moment, the noise is so loud Holland could not speak if he wanted to then, when he can, and does, his voice has changed entire It is cold.  It cuts between him and Betsy like a sword.
54) 0) text: Betsy stands looking into the dark cistern.  The wind sti blows and the conches are sounding from the hills.  But t noise of the water flowing over the shoulders of St. Sebastian can be heard above these other sounds.  The iro arrows in his breast glisten.
54) 1) dialog: (narrating)
55) 0) text: Jessica is seated before the triptych mirror, facing it blankly.  At the other end of the room stand Betsy and Dr Maxwell.  Paul, his back to the window, faces them.
55) 5) dialog: I've worked with it.  I've seen cures. It is at least a hope.
55) 11) text: Jessica lives -- or she dies.  That's what we're talking about!  Betsy turns and looks across the room to where Jessica si motionless before the mirror.
55) 12) dialog: You are wrong, Mr. Holland. She turns back to face him. BETSY (cont'd)
56) 0) text: Through the doorway we see the enormous shadows of Betsy Dr. Maxwell on the wall as they work over their patient.  We hear the murmur of their voices although we cannot hea what they are saying.  In the doorway itself, leaning aga the wall looking toward the room expectantly, anxiously, Holland, half hidden in the shadows of the arch.  The sha on the wall straighten up.  We see Betsy in shadow drawin her hand wearily across her forehead.  Still in shadow, s turns toward the door, her shadow grows enormous as she c toward the source of light. As Betsy comes under the arch, Holland moves to meet her. She turns to him.
56) 3) dialog: She is alive, Mr. Holland -- that's all. There is a little pause.  Then Betsy looks at Holland, he eyes glistening with tears.  Betsy turns away slightly, closing her eyes for a moment to steady herself.  Holland puts his hands on her shoulders and turns her back to fac him.
56) 5) text: Don't take it to heart, Betsy.
56) 6) dialog: I imagined this so differently... Holland takes his hand from her shoulders.
56) 8) dialog: (dully)
56) 11) text: Instead -- you come, with sympathy, Betsy, and a generous heart.  Don't forget that.  Don't call it nothing. Betsy turns wearily and returns to the sick room.  Hollan about to follow her when he hears a low chuckle and turns see who it is.
57) 7) dialog: I suppose not.
57) 9) dialog: Doctors and nurses can only do so much, Alma.  They can't cure everything.
57) 11) dialog: (with a puzzled look)
57) 15) dialog: Where?
57) 17) dialog: (shaking off the idea)
57) 20) dialog: You mean Mama Rose was like Mrs. Holland?
57) 22) dialog: Are you trying to tell me that the Houngan -- the voodoo priest -- could cure Mrs. Holland?
58) 0) text: This is a small, plainly furnished room with a plain tabl few bentwood chairs and a medicine cabinet and a few washbasins and water pitchers on a shelf.  Mrs. Rand is kneeling down at the side of the little, black pickaninny rubbing ointment on a sore on his chest.  Betsy, in stree clothes, watcher her.  Mrs. Rand finishes her work on the little boy's chest and begins to put his little shirt bac him.  An obeah bag tied around his neck on a string gets her way as she tries to button the shirt.  She holds it u that the little boy can see it.
58) 4) dialog: You've never said anything about voodoo before, Mrs. Rand.
58) 6) dialog: You don't believe in it?
58) 8) dialog: I don't mean believe, like believing in a religion.  I mean, do you believe it has power?  Do you think it could heal a sick person?
58) 11) dialog: I heard the servants talking about someone called Mama Rose. They said she had been "mindless"...
59) 0) text: LONG SHOT.  The camera is behind Betsy and Jessica as the toward the Houmfort through the sugar cane.  We see this voodoo temple as they go toward it.  It is a rickety structure of poles and laths, roofed over with a thin tha of sugar cane and straw.  It forms a sort of rude pergola In the center of this structure is a small, cubicle hut, of rough boards but neatly whitewashed.  From the rafters the main structure hang crude chandeliers of tin which gi light to the ceremonies. (Please see pages 28 to 31, Life Magazine, December 13, 1 All the details mentioned above are graphically illustrat Near the little hut in the center of the Houmfort, stands altar covered with a lace tablecloth and littered with a childish jumble of plates, candles, little colored stones bottles.  Before this altar stands the Houngan, the high priest of the voodoo ceremonies, a small, stoop-shouldere man in a worn, white coat and trousers with ragged cuffs. Several mild-looking negroes in white trousers and shirts in kitchen chairs on one side of the altar with rada drum between their knees.  Grouped around this altar in a loos semicircle are the worshippers, a group of mild-mannered, poorly-but-neatly-dressed negroes.  They seem to have mad effort to dress in their best and their best is very poor indeed.    As Betsy approaches, she can see familiar face As she comes up they turn and look at her.  They are not hostile nor greatly surprised; just mildly curious.  Lead Jessica by the hand, Betsy takes her place at one end of semicircle around the altar.  Her arrival has in no way interrupted the ceremonies.  The Houngan continues to cha before the altar, the rada drums beat and the crowd sings chorus of the Shango song at the proper intervals.  It is very decorous and decidedly religious in tone.  No sooner Betsy taken her place with the others than the Shango rit approaches its climax.  The Sabreur, a colored man dresse white shirt and trousers, with a neat dark tie knotted un his collar, comes in, bearing a sabre in his right hand, holding it in stately, almost processional manner.  He advances to the altar, strikes it three times and at this signal two colored women dressed in white beguine dresses with square cut necks, an essential part of this religiou costume, come forward.  One holds a white leghorn chicken the other carries a white rooster. They come together to altar and for a moment, the figures of the Houngan, the Sabreur and the two Mam-Lois hide the actual blood sacrif from us.  Only the fact that the drumming and the singing reach a climactic pitch reveal that some Important portio the ceremony has taken place.  Instantly the drumming and singing stops.  A young colored girl jumps up from her se among the worshippers and begins shivering and quaking, crying out wordlessly.  There is a cry from the people.
59) 7) text: Damballa!  Damballa! The Sabreur dances forward, sword in his left hand and a little plate with rice cakes, in his right.  He kneels do and places the plate near the door jamb.  A line forms at door.  Betsy leading Jessica by the hand takes her place the rest.  She is third in the line of suppliants.  She c see the whole procedure.  The suppliant places his forehe against the forehead of the god painted on the door, and speaks.  The first suppliant is a weary-looking field han who shuffles to the door and speaks in such a low tone th his words cannot be heard.  The second suppliant is an ol woman, thin and work-worn.  She speaks sincerely and humb and Betsy, directly behind her, hears her words.
59) 10) dialog: Damballa! This woman is sick. The door swings open slowly. The feeble light of the oute Houmfort does not penetrate the darkness of the inner tem A hand reaches out from the darkness and takes Betsy's ha and draws her in. The Houngan follows Betsy into the temp The door shuts behind him. Jessica remains outside, stand before the door.
60) 1) dialog: (starting forward around the table)
60) 4) dialog: But, Mrs. Rand --
60) 6) dialog: But how did you get here? What are you doing here?
61) 0) text: Jessica stands patiently where Betsy had left her. The Sabreur and two Mam-Lois stand near her looking at her an talking. We cannot hear what they say. The drumming and t song of joy for the coming of Damballa continue over the scene. Suddenly, as if he had arrived at some decision, t Sabreur, holding his sword stiffly in front of him, start toward Jessica with little mincing steps.
62) 3) dialog: But you didn't have to come up here.
63) 0) text: Betsy and Jessica pass quickly under the dead goat, on th way home.
64) 0) text: Betsy comes out of the tower door, closing it behind her quietly and cautiously.  She starts across the garden tow her room.  From the shadows, Holland steps out barring he way.
64) 2) dialog: (wearily)
64) 5) dialog: I took Mrs. Holland to the Houmfort.  I thought they might cure her.
64) 7) dialog: (in a low tone)
64) 10) dialog: (not looking at him)
64) 13) text: What I saw the other night, I didn't dare believe, Betsy -- Betsy tries to turn away from him.  He grips her shoulder tightly. HOLLAND (cont'd)
64) 15) dialog: Yes. Holland pulls her close to him, looks down into her eyes.
64) 17) dialog: (simply)
64) 21) text: Betsy --  She lifts her face, with a smile of complete love and tru Holland studies her face longingly, but does not kiss her HOLLAND (cont'd)
64) 23) dialog: There's no happiness for me anywhere else -- Holland shakes his head slowly, hopelessly. BETSY (cont'd) (pleading)
65) 0) text: Mrs. Rand, in a simple afternoon dress, is seated on the sofa.  Before her is a coffee table with a silver tea service.  She is engaged in pouring tea.  Betsy is beside helping her.  Rand, in working clothes, is in an armchair near the sofa with a highball in his hand.  Also seated, facing Mrs. Rand and Betsy, is Dr. Maxwell and Commission Jeffries.  The latter is a dignified man of early middle- He is dressed in a light business suit.  At the window, a the rear of the room, stands Holland, talking with a Prie As the scene opens, Mrs. Rand fills a teacup and holds it toward Holland.  He comes toward her to pick up the cup, Priest walking with him.  As they walk, Holland speaks:
67) 0) text: Betsy and Holland are standing in the gateway.  The CAMER POINTED TOWARD the garden.  On the porch in the b.g. we c see Mrs. Rand.
67) 1) dialog: I still can't believe it Paul -- that you wouldn't say a word in your own defense.
67) 3) dialog: You can't believe that.  You don't know what viciousness it would take to drive a person mad.  You're not vicious or cruel, Paul.
67) 5) dialog: I can understand that.  Everyone feels that way about someone.
67) 7) text: The first night I saw you -- you were looking at the sea.  You were enchanted -- and I had to break that enchantment.  Do you understand, Betsy -- I had to break it! Betsy is shaken by this, but she tries to put it aside.
67) 8) dialog: You wanted to warn me...
67) 11) dialog: Don't, Paul -- don't doubt yourself -- don't make me doubt you.
67) 13) dialog: (desperately)
67) 16) dialog: You want that?
69) 0) text: Betsy and Holland start across the garden to the porch.
70) 3) dialog: (smiling)
70) 10) dialog: That's sweet of you, Mrs. Rand.
71) 0) text: Rand and Dr. Maxwell come through the gate and walk up th garden path.  As they do so, Mrs. Rand comes down the por steps.  Betsy and Holland follow her.
71) 16) dialog: (quietly)
71) 24) dialog: (protestingly)
71) 27) dialog: (reluctantly)
73) 2) dialog: Jessica!  Jessica! She pays no attention but continues to move forward towar the gate.  Betsy, realizing that is something outside of previous experiences with the woman, has the presence of to run forward and slam shut the great wrought-iron gate. Jessica walks up against the gate and stands there, unabl move any further.  They stand and look at her perplexed.
75) 2) dialog: Come with me, Jessica. Obedient again, Jessica allows Betsy to turn her around a lead her back to the open tower door.  As Betsy and Jessi go into the bedroom, the door closes behind them.
77) 0) text: The room is in darkness.  In the faint light from the bar windows, we see Betsy sleeping on the chaise lounge.  A shadow moves across her face.  Through the window, we see great, cadaverous figure of Carre-Four.  His hand closes around the bars, his face presses against them.  Then he go of the bars and slips out of sight.  His figure reappe at the next window.  Again, he tries the bars and peers i the room.  Again, he vanishes in the darkness.  We hear a faint sound from the tower.  Betsy wakens.  Her eyes go quickly to the bed, where the outline of Jessica's figure reassures her.  There is another muffled, dragging sound the tower.  Betsy sits up, listens intently.  She gets up goes toward the door leading into the tower.  At the foot Jessica's bed, she stops to grab up Jessica's white negli throwing it around her she continues to the door and open slowly and cautiously.
78) 0) text: Betsy steps into the lower tower room.  The thick blackne of the place is faintly lit by the open door into Jessica windowed bedroom.  She stands at the foot of the circling stone stairs, straining to see into the darkness above.  Overhead, there is a sudden commotion of wings and shrill - something has disturbed the bats.  Very slowly and hesitantly, Betsy moves up a few steps. The CAMERA PANS UP from Betsy, around the circling walls the stairs, to where the sharp blade of light from the sl window of the tower strikes across the wall.  A big black hand slides down the shaft of light.  The CAMERA PANS BAC Betsy.  She can see nothing, but she hears the dry, whispering sound of the hand moving along the wall.  She backs down the few steps and across to the tower door lea to the garden.
79) 0) text: Betsy slips out of the tower door.  She stands irresolute by the fountain, watching and listening.  She can see not in the black patch of the open tower door.  She walks slo into the garden.  There is a faint sound behind her.  Fearfully, Betsy looks back across her shoulder.  She see shadow slip into the deeper shadows of the fountain, merg with them.  Quickly she moves behind a tall shrub, looks again toward the tower.  She sees nothing. A CLOSE SHOT of the fountain shows the surface of the wat in the cistern broken by a spreading ring of ripples.  Ta with fear, Betsy leaves the shadow of the tall shrub and slips over to a bush nearer the living room porch.  As if answer to this move, a whispering rustle comes from the screen of bamboo against the tower-wing of the house.  Sh stares toward the bamboo.  She sees nothing. A CLOSE SHOT of the bamboo shows the leaves trembling slightly.  Betsy looks across the empty, defenseless spac between herself and the porch steps.  Steeling herself, s moves into it, walking with the slowness of nightmare fea looking from side to side with the slightest possible mov her head.  At the foot of the steps, she turns to look ba at the bamboo.  A distorted shadow slithers out from unde the stalks.  Her panic released, Betsy runs up the steps, down the shadowy porch to the door of Holland's bedroom.
79) 1) dialog: (in a very low, choked cry)
80) 0) text: Betsy comes out of the door to Holland's bedroom, followe Holland who has put on a robe.  In a CLOSE SHOT, we see t shock that springs into their two faces as they see Carre Four facing them across the length of the porch, moving toward them, a single slow step at a time.  As Carre-Four sees Betsy's white-clad figure, his hands come up slowly his sides.
80) 2) text: Get out of here. Carre-Four comes on relentlessly, his great arms outstret toward Betsy, the enormous hands curving to seize her.  F comes into Holland's face.  With a quick gesture, he pres Betsy back and steps in front of her. HOLLAND (cont'd) (a little uncertainly)
80) 5) text: Carre-Four! The single word freezes Carre-Four into immobility.  Astounded, Betsy and Holland turn to see Mrs. Rand at the end of the porch -- her face and hair pale above a dark, like robe. MRS. RAND (cont'd)
80) 8) text: Let him go.  Don't touch him, don't try to stop him! Betsy has come down the porch behind Holland and she and Rand stand together.  All three of them look into the gar Carre-Four slips through the gates and is immediately los sight in the darkness of the road beyond.
81) 0) text: As Betsy steps into her room, she sees Rand standing by o of the windows.  In his face and his posture are complete dejection, utter misery.
81) 2) dialog: (with quiet sympathy)
81) 5) dialog: I don't know. (trying to ease the truth)
81) 8) dialog: (trying to speak lightly)
81) 9) text: Not to a nurse.  Sleep is a cure. Betsy crosses to the dressing table and takes a small cot stoppered bottle from a drawer.  She pulls out the cotton shakes two little pills into her hand. BETSY (cont'd) (going to Rand)
81) 10) text: In fact, I'm prescribing sleep for you right now. She puts them into his hand. BETSY (cont'd)
81) 14) dialog: (gently)
81) 18) dialog: Please, Wes, do as I ask.  You must rest, you must sleep. Rand turns his hand and lets the tablets fall to the floo
81) 20) text: She should have rest. (looking up at Betsy)
81) 22) text: You could set her free.  You could give her rest.  You could give her rest. Betsy, alarmed and troubled, puts her hand on his arm.
81) 23) dialog: Don't think of it, Wes.  I couldn't do that. Rand turns and takes hold of her arm pleadingly, urgently
81) 25) dialog: No, Wes.
81) 27) dialog: (with great pity)
94) 0) text: Holland, Betsy and Mrs. Rand stand watching the fishermen bringing in the bodies of the dead.  Across the garden fr the fountain stands the little group of house servants al watching.  The procession passes the fountain of St. Sebastian and the CAMERA GOES IN to show the glistening s face of the saint.
95) 0) text: The CAMERA, as in the first portion of the script, PANS D the sign, pausing for a moment at the firm name of the Parrish & Burden Sugar Company.  Then it CONTINUES ITS DOWNWARD MOVEMENT to disclose a portion of the street its In the falling snow Betsy is standing with her back to th camera, looking up at the sign.
95) 2) text: It was a sad time at Fort Holland.  Mother Rand was completely broken by the tragedy. But she's a woman of   courage. She's begun to build up her  life again at St. Sebastian -- It's a good life and a full one.  As for Paul and me -- it wasn't a simple problem for either of us. A CLOSER SHOT of Betsy as she stands waiting.  She is dre in a fur-collared coat and has a little round fur cap on head.  She looks very attractive and very happy.  The doo the office opens and Paul Holland comes out, muffling up overcoat.  Betsy takes a half step to meet him.  He takes arm with a well-used and familiar gesture.
95) 4) dialog: (giving his arm a little squeeze as they start walking toward the camera)