44) 0) text: A Calypso singer with a guitar slung around his shoulder, lounges against the corner of a building, singing to a sm audience of loiterers.  He has a derby hat in front of hi with one or two coins in it.
45) 0) text: Around the corner from the Calypso singer is a cafe.  On roadway in front of it, under a tattered awning, two or t tables have been set out.  At one of these sit Betsy and Rand.  At another, two white planters in work clothing ar having a drink of beer. Behind them, leaning against the wall, stands the proprie a Negro in duck trousers and duck coat, with an apron tie around his middle.  Betsy has tea in front of her and Ran Planter's Punch.  As we see them, she is just laughing at something he has said.  He is finishing his drink.  Rand down his glass and gestures to the proprietor.
45) 12) text: Wait. I want to listen. We hear the guitar music without singing, as the Calypso singer plays a few measures to bridge the first and secon verses.  Ti-Joseph comes up to the table with Rand's drin Rand makes a motion to him indicating the corner around w the Calypso singer is standing.  Ti-Joseph gets the idea goes off instantly. MED. CLOSE SHOT -- Calypso singer.
45) 13) dialog: The Holland man, he kept in a tower   A wife as pretty as a big white flower She saw the brother and she stole his heart... Ti-Joseph comes in and, while the singer goes on with his song, whispers in his ear.  The Calypso singer stops immediately.  He looks frightened and guilty.  Ti-Joseph turns and goes around the corner to his cafe.  The Calyps singer addresses one of the people in the little group be him. CALYPSO SINGER (cont'd)
45) 14) text: Ti-Malice trip up my tongue -- What do you wish trouble on me for -- You saw Mister Rand go in there.  Why don't you tell me? The colored man he is addressing just dumbly shakes his h CALYPSO SINGER (cont'd)
45) 16) text: Good Mister Rand! The other negro just dumbly shakes his head again.  The Calypso singer puts his idea instantly into action, start off around the corner.
46) 2) text: That's carrying free speech a little too far!  I wouldn't have listened, Wes, if I had realized -- The Calypso singer comes in and stands humbly beside the table.
46) 3) dialog: (with a little bow in the Haitian manner; one hand in front of the stomach and the other hand at the small of his back)
46) 4) text: Mr. Rand?  Rand looks up at him. CALYPSO SINGER (cont'd)
46) 8) dialog: (with another quaint bow)
46) 12) dialog: Some of these singers on this island, they'd tattle-tale on anybody.  Believe me, Mister Rand, I never would sing that song if I'd known you were with a lady.
47) 0) text: CAMERA IS FOCUSED ON a ragged, barefooted lamplighter.  H lighting one of the crude kerosene street lamps of St. Sebastian with a long taper on the end of the stick.  Whe finally lights up he lowers the glass chimney with anothe stick he carries. From the beach comes the sound of a guitar and a man sing It is very faint, at first, but as it comes closer we can recognize the voice of the Calypso singer and the melody was singing when Rand interrupted him. The CAMERA PANS OVER to show Rand and Betsy still sitting Ti-Joseph's sidewalk cafe.  Rand has slumped down in his chair, thoroughly drunk.  Ti-Joseph stands, arms folded, leaning in the darker shadows of the wall.  Betsy looks o in the direction of the singing, a little anxiously.
47) 1) dialog: (faint, but growing stronger)
47) 4) dialog: The wife and the brother, they want to go,  But the Holland man, he tell them "no." As Betsy stares nervously into the shadows beyond the str lamp, she sees the figure of the Calypso singer, moving slowly towards her as he sings. CALYPSO SINGER (cont'd)
47) 7) dialog: Her eyes are empty and she cannot talk  And a nurse has come to make her walk.  The brothers are lonely and the nurse is young And now you must see that my song is sung.  The Calypso singer is now coming directly to the table.  Instinctively, Betsy rises and moves behind the table. CALYPSO SINGER (cont'd) (walking very slowly, singing very slowly)
47) 8) text: Ah, woe, Ah me Shame -- He stops abruptly.  In the silence footsteps are heard, l brisk footsteps coming down the street toward the cafe. Calypso singer looks away from Betsy for the first time.  As Betsy also turns, in great relief, to see who is comin the Calypso singer moves quickly and silently out of the scene.  A middle-aged white woman, handsome and neatly dressed in a suit with a Norfolk jacket, appears in the entrance of the cafe.  She glances briefly in the directi which the Calypso singer has taken and then at Betsy and Rand.  She smiles in a friendly way at Betsy.