12) 0) text: This is a small but lovely room with white plastered wall As in the rest of the house, the furniture is not the usu tropical porch furniture, but is neat, serviceable furnishings such as an well-to-do family established for long time in any given place would acquire.  There is a n four-poster bed with pineapple carving, a dressing table a little Chippendale chair before it, and a maple rocker old it has turned a hard, brown color that softly reflect the highlights in the room.  On the wall is a little mirr in a carved Spanish frame.  There are no pictures or othe ornaments.  A woven grass rug lies on the floor.  Betsy i seated before the dressing table, putting the last touche her hair.  She has changed her clothes and is wearing a simple, linen dress.  There is a discreet rap on the jalousied door which separates the room from the garden.  Betsy crosses the room and opens the door.  A colored man a butler's white jacket stands there.  This is Clement.
12) 1) dialog: Miss Connell -- it's dinner.
13) 0) text: Betsy and Clement pass the fountain.  The figure of St. Sebastian gleams wetly in the rays of the candlelight.  O the covered porch in front of the living room, a dinner service has been set out on a long mahogany table.  As sh comes forward, Betsy sees a handsome young man waiting fo her.  This is Wesley Rand.  The table by which he stands set for two and lit by candelabra in great glass hurrican lamps.  The table is laid with white linen, and the candlelight gleams on silver and cut-glass arranged in th most formal manner.  The table itself is a beautiful maho structure with elaborate carving, and the four chairs whi surround it are massive Victorian pieces.  A fifth chair stands by the wall.  Rand steps down into the garden and extends his hand to Betsy.
14) 29) text: It seems very nice, Clement.  I'll take it to Mrs. Holland. He starts to take the tray.  Betsy rising, also reaches f it.
35) 0) text: Holland running up the steps of the tower.  He is pulling light bathrobe over his pajamas and carrying a flashlight his hand.  Behind him come Clement and a pretty, little n maid, Alma.  Clement has dressed hurriedly.  He is barefooted; has on his trousers and a shirt, which is not tucked in at the waistband.  Alma, also barefooted, has o thick, white cotton nightgown, a little bit too big for h Clement carries a lighted kerosene lamp in his hand.
36) 0) text: Holland, Clement and Alma come up the stairs.  Clement's lantern, held high, illuminates the room, disclosing Jess still walking and Betsy cowering away from her.
36) 8) dialog: Mr. Paul -- yes, there was crying tonight. It was Alma.  Her sister was brought a'birthing.
36) 10) text: Thank you, Clement. He takes Betsy's elbow and starts toward the stairs.
37) 0) text: Clement precedes Betsy and Holland down the stairs, holdi the lantern high to give them light.  At the foot of the stairs he steps aside, standing near the door of Jessica' bedroom.  Betsy and Holland go outside to the garden.  Clement is about to follow them when the door to Jessica' bedroom opens a few inches.  Alma puts her head out cautiously.
37) 2) text: Clement... Clement goes over to her. ALMA (cont'd)
37) 4) dialog: (in a low voice reprovingly)
37) 7) dialog: Shhh!
49) 0) text: It is a hot, windy night.  The bushes in the garden move violently with the gusts of wind.  Even protected as they by the great glass hurricane lamps, the candle flames tha light the table are agitated and stir restlessly.  Tonigh there are four people at dinner, Holland, Rand, Betsy, in simple print dress, and Jessica, in a lovely evening gown that leaves her shoulders and arms bare.  They have finis the first portion of their meal and Clement is taking off soup plates.  Somewhere off in the hills there is the ululating sounds of a great sea conch being blown.
68) 0) text: Mrs. Rand is seated in an easy chair, obviously enjoying interlude of leisure.  Clement comes from the house, brin her a bulky newspaper, still in its mail wrapper.
68) 1) dialog: Would you like to see the paper, Mrs. Rand? (proudly)