10) 0) text: An umbrella-topped surrey, drawn by a gaunt mule and pilo by an old coachman in dirty white singlet, a top hat with cockade on his graying hair, is making its way along a du road between fields of sugar cane.  In the distance, the is visible and above it the great billowing white clouds the Caribbean.  Betsy, seated on the back seat of the carriage, is bending forward to listen to the old man.
10) 1) dialog: Times gone, Fort Holland was a fort...now, no longer.  The Holland's are a most old family, miss.  They brought the colored people to the island-- the colored folks and Ti-Misery.
10) 3) dialog: A man, miss -- an old man who lives in the garden at Fort Holland - with arrows stuck in him and a sorrowful, weeping look on his black face.
10) 6) dialog: (laughing, softly)
10) 10) dialog: (warming up to his orating)
10) 14) dialog: (smiling and nodding as one who accepts a personal compliment)
11) 0) text: The jugheaded mule slowly pulls the carriage into the sce This beast comes to a somnolent stop without the coachman much as touching the reins.  As the man climbs down and starts to take the luggage out of the carriage, Betsy loo through the wrought-iron gate into the garden. 
11) 1) text: Fort Holland is a one-story house built around the garden with low covered porches to give shade and breezeway.  At open end of the U is a great gate much like the wrought-i gates of New Orleans.  Through this Betsy can see the gar and its profusion of verdure: azalea, bougainvillea, rose much like California planting; no exotic orchids or man eating Venus Jugs -- just ordinary, pretty, semi-tropic flowers and shrubs. The separate rooms are open to the garden, but have jalou of thin wood to give privacy when needed.  At one corner stands a big, stone tower, obviously a relic of some prev building.  The walls of the house have been built right u and around the tower so that it has become part of the building itself.  On the garden side of the tower is the fountain. The most outstanding feature of this spring or fountain, which flows from a crevice in the stones of the tower, is that instead of falling directly into the ciste it falls first onto the shoulders of the enormous teakwoo figurehead of St. Sebastian. From the shoulders of the sa it drips down in two runnels over his breast.  The wooden breast of the statue is pierced with six long iron arrows The face is weathered and black.  Only a few bits of whit paint still cling to the halo above his head.  Betsy and coachman come up to the grillwork of the gate.  Betsy loo around the garden, while the old coachman reaches up and pulls a bell rope suspended from the gate.  As the bell begins to ring, he pushes the gate open.  Betsy walks through.