41) 0) text: It is a beautiful woman's bedroom, feminine but with no suggestion of the bagnic; elegant rather than seductive, reflecting a playful yet sophisticated taste.  The furnit is Biedermeier.  There is a large bed, a trim chaise loun a little slipper chair and in one corner of the room, tha hallmark of great vanity, a triple-screen, full-length mirror, also a Biedermeier style.  Before it is a taboure the surface of which is literally covered with expensive looking perfume bottles and cosmetic jars.  Mrs. Holland evidently taken the tasks of beauty seriously enough to s up to them.  There is one picture in the room.  It is Boecklin's "The Isle of the Dead," framed in a narrow fra of dark wood.  Near the open window stands a beautiful gi parlour harp. (Size 22)  Behind it, arranged conveniently playing, is a small Empire chair.  There is no other furniture near this arrangement, and the harp, the empty chair and wind-stirred glass curtains give a dual effect elegance and loneliness. The CAMERA is FOCUSED on this harp as the scene opens.  T glass curtains blown by the wind, steal across the string bringing forth tinkling notes. The CAMERA PANS RIGHT to reveal Betsy and Dr. Maxwell at Holland's bedside.  Dr. Maxwell is a small, neat man with charming voice and a pleasant but somewhat professional personality.  He is dressed in tropical whites and wears cummerbund.  Alma is removing the breakfast tray and, as passes Betsy on her way to the door, she makes a little curtsey.  Mrs. Holland is lying back against the pillows her bed in a semi-reclining position. 
41) 2) dialog: I'm afraid it won't be easy for me to explain Mrs. Holland's illness, Miss Connell.  We have our own diseases here.  But, if you'll sit down -- (indicates a chair)
41) 3) text: Betsy seats herself.  Dr. Maxwell takes a cigarette case his pocket.  He takes a cigarette, holds it up. DR. MAXWELL (cont'd)
41) 6) dialog: I don't know.  I prefer to think of her as a sleepwalker who can never be awakened -- feeling nothing, knowing nothing.   Betsy looks to Jessica. DR. MAXWELL (cont'd)
41) 9) dialog: I've never heard of a cure.
41) 11) dialog: Fortunately, not.  This is my first experience with it as a physician.  But I have seen half-witted field hands -- whom the other peasants call Zombies.  I am sure they suffer from a similar destruction of spinal nerves as the result of high fever. He crosses the room and clasps shut the black leather bag which he carries his medicine kit.  Betsy rises and walks over to him.
41) 13) dialog: I prepared these for you last night, Miss Connell.
41) 16) dialog: I'll be by in a day or so, Miss Connell, and see how you are getting on. Betsy nods and then turns back into the room.  She walks to the bed and stands looking at Jessica, then down at th list of typewritten instructions.  Evidently the list cal for her to carry out some detail of the regime, for she p it down and starts out of the room in a businesslike fash
55) 0) text: Jessica is seated before the triptych mirror, facing it blankly.  At the other end of the room stand Betsy and Dr Maxwell.  Paul, his back to the window, faces them.
55) 2) dialog: Insulin shock treatment is an extreme measure, Mr. Holland.    But -- as Miss Connell pointed out when she suggested it -- this is an extreme case.
55) 6) dialog: It's the very danger itself that makes the cure possible, Mr. Holland.  The insulin produces a state of coma, a stupor.  The patient is revived from the coma by a violent overwhelming nerve shock. That nerve shock can kill -- but it can also restore the damaged mind.
55) 8) dialog: (sympathetically)
56) 0) text: Through the doorway we see the enormous shadows of Betsy Dr. Maxwell on the wall as they work over their patient.  We hear the murmur of their voices although we cannot hea what they are saying.  In the doorway itself, leaning aga the wall looking toward the room expectantly, anxiously, Holland, half hidden in the shadows of the arch.  The sha on the wall straighten up.  We see Betsy in shadow drawin her hand wearily across her forehead.  Still in shadow, s turns toward the door, her shadow grows enormous as she c toward the source of light. As Betsy comes under the arch, Holland moves to meet her. She turns to him.
58) 3) text: Some of this native nonsense. The Houngan has his prescription and Dr. Maxwell and I have ours.
65) 0) text: Mrs. Rand, in a simple afternoon dress, is seated on the sofa.  Before her is a coffee table with a silver tea service.  She is engaged in pouring tea.  Betsy is beside helping her.  Rand, in working clothes, is in an armchair near the sofa with a highball in his hand.  Also seated, facing Mrs. Rand and Betsy, is Dr. Maxwell and Commission Jeffries.  The latter is a dignified man of early middle- He is dressed in a light business suit.  At the window, a the rear of the room, stands Holland, talking with a Prie As the scene opens, Mrs. Rand fills a teacup and holds it toward Holland.  He comes toward her to pick up the cup, Priest walking with him.  As they walk, Holland speaks:
65) 2) dialog: Paul, we're not trying to blame Miss Connell.  It isn't a question of blame.  It's a question of what we are to do with Jessica.  The commissioner is very concerned.
65) 9) dialog: This is something else.  They're curious.  Curiosity and religious fervor make a strange and explosive mixture.
65) 15) text: It doesn't matter what you call it.  I can tell you right now Jessica isn't going! Dr. Maxwell looks first at him, then at Holland, then bac Rand.
65) 16) dialog: Fortunately, Wesley, this isn't a matter for your decision.
65) 20) dialog: I am afraid, Wesley, he has that right.  And I will have to urge him to use it.
71) 0) text: Rand and Dr. Maxwell come through the gate and walk up th garden path.  As they do so, Mrs. Rand comes down the por steps.  Betsy and Holland follow her.
71) 3) text: Dr. Maxwell has very unpleasant news for us.
71) 6) dialog: No -- it's about Mrs. Holland.  A result of our discussion the other day, I'm afraid.
71) 8) dialog: In view of all the circumstances, the commissioner has decided on a legal investigation.
71) 10) dialog: Of the nature of Mrs. Holland's illness.  And, of course, the events which led up to it.
71) 12) dialog: I did everything I could to forestall this, Paul.  I don't think there's any question of your innocence in the matter.  But there's been too much talk.  The thing's out of hand.
71) 15) dialog: Miss Connell's testimony will be very important.
71) 17) text: I would have stayed anyway, Dr. Maxwell.
71) 31) dialog: I think I do.   (smiling)
71) 38) text: That night, I went to the Houmfort.  I kept seeing Jessica's face -- smiling -- smiling because two men hated each other -- because she was beautiful enough to take my family in her hands and break it apart.  The drums seemed to be beating in my head.  The chanting -- the lights --  everything blurred together.  And then I heard a voice, speaking in a sudden silence.  My voice.  I was possessed.  I said that the woman at Fort Holland was evil and that the Houngan must maker her a Zombie. Dr. Maxwell has been studying Mrs. Rand with a curious, intent expression.
71) 39) dialog: And what happened then, Mrs. Rand?
71) 42) dialog: Ah -- that's where reason took hold.
71) 44) dialog: Two things had happened, Mrs. Rand.  One was that your daughter-in-law had been taken ill with a fever.  The other thing -- completely disconnected -- was that you had wished her ill, because she had hurt your sons.
71) 47) dialog: You were possessed.  That is true -- possessed by your subconscious mind.  You were in the Houmfort, surrounded by their symbols.  To them, nothing worse can happen to a person than to be made into a Zombie.  Your subconscious mind used their own words for evil.
71) 49) dialog: (gently and kindly)
81) 6) text: I once asked Dr. Maxwell the same question.  He said he thought she was like a sleepwalker who would never waken.