58) 3) text: Some of this native nonsense. The Houngan has his prescription and Dr. Maxwell and I have ours.
59) 0) text: LONG SHOT.  The camera is behind Betsy and Jessica as the toward the Houmfort through the sugar cane.  We see this voodoo temple as they go toward it.  It is a rickety structure of poles and laths, roofed over with a thin tha of sugar cane and straw.  It forms a sort of rude pergola In the center of this structure is a small, cubicle hut, of rough boards but neatly whitewashed.  From the rafters the main structure hang crude chandeliers of tin which gi light to the ceremonies. (Please see pages 28 to 31, Life Magazine, December 13, 1 All the details mentioned above are graphically illustrat Near the little hut in the center of the Houmfort, stands altar covered with a lace tablecloth and littered with a childish jumble of plates, candles, little colored stones bottles.  Before this altar stands the Houngan, the high priest of the voodoo ceremonies, a small, stoop-shouldere man in a worn, white coat and trousers with ragged cuffs. Several mild-looking negroes in white trousers and shirts in kitchen chairs on one side of the altar with rada drum between their knees.  Grouped around this altar in a loos semicircle are the worshippers, a group of mild-mannered, poorly-but-neatly-dressed negroes.  They seem to have mad effort to dress in their best and their best is very poor indeed.    As Betsy approaches, she can see familiar face As she comes up they turn and look at her.  They are not hostile nor greatly surprised; just mildly curious.  Lead Jessica by the hand, Betsy takes her place at one end of semicircle around the altar.  Her arrival has in no way interrupted the ceremonies.  The Houngan continues to cha before the altar, the rada drums beat and the crowd sings chorus of the Shango song at the proper intervals.  It is very decorous and decidedly religious in tone.  No sooner Betsy taken her place with the others than the Shango rit approaches its climax.  The Sabreur, a colored man dresse white shirt and trousers, with a neat dark tie knotted un his collar, comes in, bearing a sabre in his right hand, holding it in stately, almost processional manner.  He advances to the altar, strikes it three times and at this signal two colored women dressed in white beguine dresses with square cut necks, an essential part of this religiou costume, come forward.  One holds a white leghorn chicken the other carries a white rooster. They come together to altar and for a moment, the figures of the Houngan, the Sabreur and the two Mam-Lois hide the actual blood sacrif from us.  Only the fact that the drumming and the singing reach a climactic pitch reveal that some Important portio the ceremony has taken place.  Instantly the drumming and singing stops.  A young colored girl jumps up from her se among the worshippers and begins shivering and quaking, crying out wordlessly.  There is a cry from the people.
60) 0) text: A match flares and a hand brings it forward to light an o lamp which flares brightly, revealing a little room of whitewashed boards, bare except for a table on which stan small iron tripod from which an iron pot is suspended. Although there is no fire under the pot, the steam rises this receptacle and water boils and bubbles in it. It is the Houngan who has lit the lamp and, on the other of the table is Mrs. Rand. Her face is serious and unsmil
62) 8) dialog: Trouble.  Bad trouble.  Let her go. The crowd subsides.
71) 38) text: That night, I went to the Houmfort.  I kept seeing Jessica's face -- smiling -- smiling because two men hated each other -- because she was beautiful enough to take my family in her hands and break it apart.  The drums seemed to be beating in my head.  The chanting -- the lights --  everything blurred together.  And then I heard a voice, speaking in a sudden silence.  My voice.  I was possessed.  I said that the woman at Fort Holland was evil and that the Houngan must maker her a Zombie. Dr. Maxwell has been studying Mrs. Rand with a curious, intent expression.
82) 0) text: The Houngan and the Sabreur are working over the doll aga It begins to move.
84) 0) text: The doll has stopped despite the frenzied efforts of the Sabreur and the wild chanting of the voodoo adepts.  Noth can make it move again.  There is a whispered consultatio between the Sabreur and the Houngan.  The Houngan lifts h hand and the drums begin to beat a light rapid rhythm. The Sabreur dances toward the doll, making a menacing mov with his saber.  When he reaches the little image, he put the point of his saber in the ground and draws from his bodkin, a long needle.  With one swift movement, he stabs this through the doll's back.