13) 7) text: is the particular property of Mrs. Rand -- mother to both of us and much too good for either of us.  Too wise, in fact, to live under the same roof. She prefers the village dispensary.
47) 9) dialog: I think you need some help.
47) 11) dialog: Ti-Joseph? The older woman looks over at Ti-Joseph.
47) 12) dialog: Ti-Joseph, get Mr. Rand on to his mule, please, and start him for home. Ti-Joseph comes down and starts to put his hands under Ra armpits preparatory to helping him to his feet.
47) 16) dialog: Don't worry about a sugar planter.  Give him a mule and he'll ride to his own funeral. Ti-Joseph gets Rand to his feet and helps him stagger aro the corner.  From around the corner we can hear Ti-Joseph bellowing.
47) 18) dialog: I really intended going out to the Fort and meeting you long before this, Miss Connell.  I'm Mrs.   Rand -- Wesley's mother.
47) 20) text: Oh, Mrs. Rand --
47) 21) dialog: (interrupting)
47) 25) dialog: Nonsense, child!  I know Wesley's been drinking too much lately.  I know a great deal more about what goes on at Fort Holland than you'd think.  I know all about you -- that you're a nice girl, competent and kind to Jessica.  The Fort needs a girl like you.  (breaking her mood)
47) 28) dialog: So -- he says I'm nice.  He's a nice boy, too, Miss Connell, a very nice boy.  But I'm worried about his drinking.  She pauses in her speech, stops for a moment at the very of Ti-Joseph's domain and takes Betsy's arm. MRS. RAND (cont'd)
47) 32) dialog: Use your influence with Paul.  Ask him to take that whiskey decanter off the dinner table.
47) 35) dialog: Try it -- you may have more influence than you think.
58) 0) text: This is a small, plainly furnished room with a plain tabl few bentwood chairs and a medicine cabinet and a few washbasins and water pitchers on a shelf.  Mrs. Rand is kneeling down at the side of the little, black pickaninny rubbing ointment on a sore on his chest.  Betsy, in stree clothes, watcher her.  Mrs. Rand finishes her work on the little boy's chest and begins to put his little shirt bac him.  An obeah bag tied around his neck on a string gets her way as she tries to button the shirt.  She holds it u that the little boy can see it.
58) 1) dialog: Ti-Peter, how do you ever expect to get to Heaven with one foot in the voodoo Houmfort and the other in the Baptist church?   The little black boy looks at her with rolling eyes but d not answer.  She gives him a playful pat on the behind, starting him on his way to the door.
58) 2) dialog: (to Betsy, cheerfully)
58) 5) dialog: Haven't I?  I suppose I take it for granted. It's just part of everyday life here.
58) 7) dialog: A missionary's widow?  It isn't very likely, is it?
58) 9) dialog: (looking hard at Betsy for a moment)
58) 12) dialog: Her son drowned.  She brooded until her mind was affected. All the Houngan did was coax her out of it with a little practical psychology.
60) 0) text: A match flares and a hand brings it forward to light an o lamp which flares brightly, revealing a little room of whitewashed boards, bare except for a table on which stan small iron tripod from which an iron pot is suspended. Although there is no fire under the pot, the steam rises this receptacle and water boils and bubbles in it. It is the Houngan who has lit the lamp and, on the other of the table is Mrs. Rand. Her face is serious and unsmil
60) 2) text: Mrs. Rand.
60) 3) dialog: Wait. Don't draw any conclusions. Let me explain.
60) 5) dialog: I knew you'd come. And I knew I'd have to come up here and talk to you. I couldn't let you go back without any word. I came to tell you again -- Jessica cannot be cured.
60) 7) dialog: I asked you to let me explain. It's a long story.  And not an easy one --
62) 0) text: Mrs. Rand, as if continuing with something she has been talking about for a long time --
62) 1) dialog: -- and when my husband died I felt helpless. They disobeyed me -- things went from bad to worse. All my husband's dreams of good health, good sanitation, good morals for these sweet and gentle people seemed to die with him. (pauses)
62) 4) dialog: Perhaps not.  But I did come here and I found it was so simple to let the gods speak through me. Once started, it seemed such an easy way to do good.  I should have known there was no easy way to do good, Betsy.
62) 7) dialog: Betsy!  Get her away -- back to the Fort!  Do as I say -- they won't hurt you. ANOTHER ANGLE - SHOOTING TOWARD the inner Houmfort. Betsy runs out from the doorway, takes hold of Jessica's arm an starts running with her.  There is a movement in the crow if they were about to follow her.  From the doorway of th inner Houmfort, the Houngan calls out:
65) 0) text: Mrs. Rand, in a simple afternoon dress, is seated on the sofa.  Before her is a coffee table with a silver tea service.  She is engaged in pouring tea.  Betsy is beside helping her.  Rand, in working clothes, is in an armchair near the sofa with a highball in his hand.  Also seated, facing Mrs. Rand and Betsy, is Dr. Maxwell and Commission Jeffries.  The latter is a dignified man of early middle- He is dressed in a light business suit.  At the window, a the rear of the room, stands Holland, talking with a Prie As the scene opens, Mrs. Rand fills a teacup and holds it toward Holland.  He comes toward her to pick up the cup, Priest walking with him.  As they walk, Holland speaks:
65) 8) dialog: I wouldn't worry too much, Commissioner.  It'll pass.  We've had this sort of thing before.
65) 10) dialog: I'm quite sure nothing will happen, Doctor.
65) 18) dialog: (trying to calm him)
67) 0) text: Betsy and Holland are standing in the gateway.  The CAMER POINTED TOWARD the garden.  On the porch in the b.g. we c see Mrs. Rand.
68) 0) text: Mrs. Rand is seated in an easy chair, obviously enjoying interlude of leisure.  Clement comes from the house, brin her a bulky newspaper, still in its mail wrapper.
68) 3) dialog: Thank you , Clement! She takes it and starts slitting the wrapper eagerly.
70) 0) text: Mrs. Rand seems them and waves a section of the paper in welcome.
70) 1) dialog: You're just in time.  Will you join me in the Sunday paper? Betsy and Holland sink into porch chairs, looking gratefu for the shade.  Betsy takes off her hat and tosses it ont the coffee table.
70) 4) text: I guess I'll wait until I'm home, Mrs. Rand. Mrs. Rand looks at a page of rotogravure section.
70) 5) dialog: (casually)
70) 9) dialog: Why, Betsy -- we can't lose you.  You mean too much to us here.
71) 0) text: Rand and Dr. Maxwell come through the gate and walk up th garden path.  As they do so, Mrs. Rand comes down the por steps.  Betsy and Holland follow her.
71) 1) dialog: Dr. Maxwell -- it's nice to see you.
71) 20) dialog: You're wrong, Wesley.  The guilt is mine -- all of it.
71) 23) dialog: Betsy, tell them about the Houmfort.  Tell them what you saw there.  
71) 25) text: Mrs. Rand...
71) 26) dialog: You must, Betsy. They'll have to believe you.
71) 28) text: Mrs. Rand was at the Houmfort that night.  But there's nothing wrong with that.  She's gone there for years -- trying to take care of those people,  to help them.
71) 33) dialog: It's more than that, Doctor.  I've entered into their ceremonies - pretended to be possessed by their gods... They stare at her, dumbfounded. MRS. RAND (cont'd)
71) 34) text: But what I did to Jessica was worse than that.  It was when she going away with Wesley.  There was that horrible scene. She turns to Rand. MRS. RAND (cont'd)
71) 37) dialog: (disregarding his protest)
71) 38) text: That night, I went to the Houmfort.  I kept seeing Jessica's face -- smiling -- smiling because two men hated each other -- because she was beautiful enough to take my family in her hands and break it apart.  The drums seemed to be beating in my head.  The chanting -- the lights --  everything blurred together.  And then I heard a voice, speaking in a sudden silence.  My voice.  I was possessed.  I said that the woman at Fort Holland was evil and that the Houngan must maker her a Zombie. Dr. Maxwell has been studying Mrs. Rand with a curious, intent expression.
71) 40) dialog: (unsteadily)
71) 43) dialog: Yes, I said it, and I made myself believe it. But when I got here, Jessica was already raging with fever.
71) 45) dialog: (protesting)
71) 50) text: Emotion tricks all of us, Mrs. Rand.  And you are a woman with a very strong conscience.  That conscience has been tormenting you.  The rest is coincidence.  There is no such thing as a Zombie.  The dead do not come back to life.  Death is final. From the hills comes the sound of a single conch, loud an thin. The CAMERA PANS from the group around Mrs. Rand to the to door.  Jessica walks out of it and comes slowly past the fountain.
80) 4) dialog: (quiet, with great authority)
80) 5) text: Carre-Four! The single word freezes Carre-Four into immobility.  Astounded, Betsy and Holland turn to see Mrs. Rand at the end of the porch -- her face and hair pale above a dark, like robe. MRS. RAND (cont'd)
80) 6) text: Carre-Four.  Go back. Slowly, the giant figure obeys.  Carre-Four turns to face her.  His hands relax, his arms fall to his sides again.  In his blind fashion, Carre-Four moves back across the po turns and goes down the steps to the garden.  Holland, wh has been watching this transfixed, starts after him. MRS. RAND (cont'd)
80) 7) text: Paul! Holland pauses at the head of the stairs and turns to her MRS. RAND (cont'd)
94) 0) text: Holland, Betsy and Mrs. Rand stand watching the fishermen bringing in the bodies of the dead.  Across the garden fr the fountain stands the little group of house servants al watching.  The procession passes the fountain of St. Sebastian and the CAMERA GOES IN to show the glistening s face of the saint.