13) 4) text: There -- in the master's chair, sits the master -- my half-brother Paul Holland.  But you've already met him.
14) 0) text: Betsy and Rand are seated in easy chairs with a small cof table before them.  On it are a coffee urn, a bottle of brandy, cups and glasses.  Behind them is the lighted win where we have seen the shadow of Paul Holland.  From this angle the shadow can no longer be seen.  As if part of a general conversation that has been going on for some time
14) 5) text: We're half-brothers.  Paul is mother's first child.  When his father died, she married my father. Dr. Rand, the missionary.  And you know what they say about missionaries' children. Far off somewhere a drum begins to beat, slowly and sulle Betsy turns in the direction of the sound.  Rand watches grinning.
14) 17) text: Ah, yes, our Paul, strong and silent and very sad -- quite the Byronic character. Perhaps I ought to cultivate it.  The drum sounds again.
20) 0) text: As seen from Betsy's NEW ANGLE.  Paul Holland is seated i low armchair.  His eyes are fixed on the woman at the pia She continues to strike odd notes on the piano.
40) 18) text: Why should you be?  My wife is a mental case.  Please keep that in mind, Miss Connell -- particularly when some of the foolish people of this island start talking to you about Zombies. Paul rises and walks around the desk.  Betsy also stands. HOLLAND (cont'd)
46) 28) text: What he could do to that word "beautiful." That's Paul's great weapon -- words.  He uses them the way other men use their fists.  Rand finishes his drink.  Betsy watches him, her face dee troubled.
49) 8) text: An economy move, I suppose.  Or, perhaps, Paul, you decided on a finer moral standard for our happy little household, now that Miss Connell is with us. Holland still keeps his silence, although the muscles in jaw twitch. RAND (cont'd)
54) 2) text: I don't know how their own love is revealed to other women -- maybe in their sweethearts' arms -- I don't know.  To me it came that night after Paul Holland almost thrust me from the room, and certainly thrust me from his life. I said to myself, "I love him."  And even as I said it, I knew he still loved his wife.  Then because I loved him, I felt I had to restore her to him -- to make her what she had been before -- to make him happy. As the narrator's voice ceases, the CAMERA HOLDS ON that small, silent figure before the fountain.
55) 0) text: Jessica is seated before the triptych mirror, facing it blankly.  At the other end of the room stand Betsy and Dr Maxwell.  Paul, his back to the window, faces them.
64) 24) text: Paul, I don't want you to be alone, unhappy -- Holland lets his arms drop from about her shoulders.
71) 19) text: Say something, Paul!  You've always been good with words.  Put some together, now, and tell us that you're not responsible -- that every damnable bit of it doesn't rest squarely on your shoulders!
79) 2) text: Paul...Paul... She flings herself against the door, turns the handle, an runs into the room, closes the door behind her.  Into the space before the porch steps moves the great gaunt figure Carre-Four.  This is our first full sight of him in the scene.  He is bare to the waist, wearing only a pair of d ragged trousers.  He starts up the steps.
80) 7) text: Paul! Holland pauses at the head of the stairs and turns to her MRS. RAND (cont'd)
95) 2) text: It was a sad time at Fort Holland.  Mother Rand was completely broken by the tragedy. But she's a woman of   courage. She's begun to build up her  life again at St. Sebastian -- It's a good life and a full one.  As for Paul and me -- it wasn't a simple problem for either of us. A CLOSER SHOT of Betsy as she stands waiting.  She is dre in a fur-collared coat and has a little round fur cap on head.  She looks very attractive and very happy.  The doo the office opens and Paul Holland comes out, muffling up overcoat.  Betsy takes a half step to meet him.  He takes arm with a well-used and familiar gesture.
95) 3) dialog: Sorry to keep you waiting, darling!  I thought I'd never get away.  Invoices and stock lists piling up all day long.  The balmy tropics were never like this.