28) 0) text: We pick up a heavyset, middle-aged man, known in con circ as the Big Ohio, picking cases of bourbon off the conveyo line and loading them onto a forklift pallet. A shift for man happens by and hands him an envelope, hunching his shoulders to indicate he has no idea what's in it. The Bi Ohio stops to open it and pulls out a photo booth picture of Gondorff with his hand to his nose in the traditional confidence man's salute (the "office"). Below the picture is nothing but the words: JERSEY GARDEN. 8:30 PM. THE FOURTH.
28) 1) text: The Big Ohio smiles knowingly to himself. Suddenly we hea the splintering of bottles as the rapidly piling up cases begin to be crushed at the end of the conveyor, spilling bourbon all over the floor. The Big Ohio could care less.
29) 0) text: J,J. Singleton is in the grandstand watching a race throu binoculars when a steward hands him an envelope. He opens it to find the same picture that the Big Ohio got. He ponders the message a second and then begins to gather up is things, completely oblivious to the People around him who are going crazy rooting home their favorites.
32) 0) text: As Gondorff and company move through the arena on the wa to their seats, we notice that the Big Ohio, J.J. Singlet and the Tuxedo Kid are hanging out at different points al the way.
32) 3) dialog: in his seat reading, the program. All three acknowledge Gondorff and the others with a subtle "office" but make no overt signs of recognition.
37) 0) text: Instead of hanging beef sides in the refrigerator, we fin a small meeting room. Around the table in the center are Gondorff, Eirie, Singleton, the Big Ohio and the Tuxedo K Gondorff is dressed in his usual casual attire -- sleeve~ less T-shirt, fedora hat and cigar. The Tuxedo Kid provid a splash of color with a lime-green number. Hooker pulls a chair.
37) 8) dialog: Yeah, but nothin' he can't handle. He's got some sore spots, though. For one thing, he can't stand Negroes. Guys like JoJo Berry and Willie Bates. He says they give prostitution a bad name by sellin’ cheap. It really frosts his butt when they pick up the good white talent. Gondorff says nothing, but we can tell this bit of infor- mation is not lost on him.
42) 0) text: Hooker comes into frame and goes up an unmarked stairway the second floor. Once a clearinghouse of some sort, the place is rapidly being transformed into a boxing gym unde the direction of Singleton and The Big Ohio. Construction goes on everywhere -- heavy bags are suspended from the | ceiling, speed bags are affixed to the walls and a ring i under construction in the center. In addition, dressing | rooms are being built at both ends. Gondorff, at present, using one of them as an office. Hooker strolls through th gym, taking in the work, and then enters the office.
43) 10) text: The Big Ohio pops his head in the door. BIG OHIO . Hey, Gondorff. There's some jane out here to see you.
54) 0) text: Gondorff, Singleton, The Big Ohio, the Tuxedo Kid and Eir are waiting for him. Gondorff has gotten out of his ivory suit, preferring, of course, his undershirt and fedora. However, he's still in his makeup. We see that it only covers from his neck up and from his wrists out. The rest of him is lily-white.
59) 0) text: detailing Hooker's somewhat reluctant training for the Ke fight. We see shots of him: 1. skipping rope; 2. shadow boxing in front of a mirror; 3. practicing his crossing punches on the ‘punch catchers' held by The Big Ohio; 4. working the speed bag. He has a little trouble with this last one, as his timing is not yet sharp. All of this training is done under the supervision of The Ohio, who seems to be very knowledgeable about fighting.
60) 0) text: We come out of the montage with Hooker throwing combinati into the heavy bag. lorff (in black face and the ivory suit) and The Big Ohio are watching him. Hooker is sweati profusely and obviously getting a little tired. The rest the gym is filled with confidence men, all dressed out as fighters and trainers, but at this point, they're just si ting around shooting the breeze.
60) 2) dialog: (looking at his stopwatch) Minute and a half.
60) 18) dialog: (dazed) Sorry Berrigan, I've had enough.
75) 0) text: following behind Macalinski. Eirie is driving. Gordorff i also in front, The Big Ohio in the back.
99) 0) text: Hooker is having his hands taped by The Big Ohio. Gondorf looks on, made up as Ivory Berrigan again. Eirie is pacin around the room, more nervous than anybody.
103) 1) dialog: Time to go, kid. The Big Ohio pushes on Hooker's gloves and we:
109) 31) dialog: Forget stayin' away from him, Hooker. You gotta start gettin’ some knocks in. He's not gonna hit ya any worse if you trade with him. Hooker nods his head as the bell sounds for round three.
110) 3) dialog: You really showed ‘em what you're made of, Johnny.
114) 0) text: We pick up Hooker, Eirie, Gondorff, The Big Ohio and the Tuxedo Kid coming out another exit of the auditorium. The Big Ohio and the Tuxedo Kid climb into a car driven by Singleton. Gondorff, Hooker and Eirie pile into one drive by Billie. As the cars pull out, we: : cur To 227 228 229
120) 0) text: Gondorff, Hooker, Eirie, Billie, Singleton, The Big Ohio the Tuxedo Kid are walking down the island to their train