3) 0) text: The camera moves in slowly on a man sitting alone in the dark, his head partially illuminated by the lights from t amusement park across the street. The only sound in the room comes from an unseen fan. The camera stops when we'r close enough to realize that the man is Doyle Lonnegan th gangster/mark of "The Sting." His eyes are set and far of
3) 7) dialog: I'm all right.
5) 0) text: Lonnegan slips back into his reverie. The camera starts t move in on him again. We burn into his eyes, which never blink despite the play of the neon across them. We hear: A sound montage of the replay of the last few minutes of "The Sting." 1. he voice of Lonnegan placing his half million dollar bet with great bravado, the call of a race in the b.g. 2. Kid Twist telling Lonnegan that he's bet incorrectly and will lose all his money. 3. Lonnegan trying frantically almost hysterically, to ge his money back from the cashier.
5) 4) text: Come in. The door opens to reveal Twist and his two captors sil- houetted in the doorway. Lonnegan reaches out and turns on a light, and for the first time we are able to see the room. It looks like an expensive suite in any luxury hote except that the walls are covered with photographs, 8 x 1 blowups of every single man involved in the con of Lonneg some four years before. Prominently displayed above the others, like the leaders of some Eastern European politbu are shots of Gondroff and Hooker. Lonnegan allows Twist to take in the room before he speak Twist tries heard not to notice the photographs.
5) 5) dialog: What do you think of my pictures Twist?
5) 7) dialog: You find yours yet?
5) 9) dialog: (without taking his eyes off Twist On the wall to your left. Fourth one from the right. Between Curly Jackson and J.J. Singleton. Twist doesn't bother to look at the photograph. He knows it's there.
5) 10) dialog: I coulda picked somebody else. I know where most of them are now. You just happened to be the closest.
5) 15) dialog: Four years ago, forty-seven months and six days to be exact, you helped them take me for half a million dol- lars. I should think you'd remember at. Look, you got me mixed up with somebody eise. I....
5) 16) dialog: (not even listening to Twist You played the telegraph operator, the guy who held up the race results. I'll never forget when you came in and told me I'd screwed ug the bet. Acting like it was the end of the world when inside you had to be jumping up and down. Gondorff musta been proud of you, Twist. I wish you could remember it. I had hoped it would have meant more to you to take a man like me. (offerin his hand T can only congratulate you on a job beautifully done. Lonnegan has attempted to deliver all this with a "no har feelings" attitude, but Twist is not fooled. He knows the will be no reprieve for him. He decides to go out like a champ .
6) 0) text: Lonnegan and Floyd are sitting in a car looking out over the river to a warehouse on the other side. All the light are out in the warehouse, except for one on the second st at the top of a fifty-foot-long loading chute which runs from the second floor out over the water. It is normally used to convey cargo from the warehouse to freight barges
7) 2) dialog: That's one. With a gesture to Floyd, Lonnegan sits back grimly, and the car moves off. Main title and opening credits.
20) 0) text: sprinting out of the train station, having seen Hooker an Eirie buying their tickets. He races up to the limousine in which Lonnegan is waiting. (out of breath) | Hey, they're takin’ a powder on the train. We better hurry if we're gonna put’ the snatch on 'em.
20) 1) dialog: Let 'em go.
20) 3) dialog: They're goin' down to Florida to see Gondorff. They'll be back. All of ‘em. Floyd just looks at Lonnegan in wonderment. How does he know this kinda stuff. . cur TO 38 39 40
34) 28) dialog: High up in the stands we find Doyle Lonnegan taking in th whole scene. Floyd as always is next to .
34) 29) dialog: I told you they'd be back.
34) 32) text: Lonnegan says nothing, but he's obviously amused at the ability of Floyd's emotions to alter his eyesight. Gondor and company are almost out of the arena now.
34) 34) dialog: I told you no, Floyd.
34) 36) dialog: He's not gonna get away with any- thing. He and Gondorff are gonna pay me back and then you'll have your day.
34) 39) dialog: It wouldn't be enough to kill them now. They'd leave this world thinking Doyle Lonnegan was a ~ stupid man.
58) 0) text: The same room we saw him in at the beginning of the film. The photographs are still on the wall, but there's now a blank space where Kid Twists's picture once hung. One of Lonnegan's aids, Gelleher, is s owing him a flyer adver- tising the Florian (Hooker)-Kelley fight.
58) 2) dialog: Yeah, Scanlon told me about it. Gondorff played him made up like a nigger. Just the thought of what Scanlon told him starts Lonnegan chuckling, Pretty soon he's laughing almost uncontrol abl Gelleher is a little taken aback. He's never seen Lonnega like this before. (barely able to talk) . \ “You know what they did to him?
58) 4) dialog: They took off his toupee... (breakin up again -..and ripped it!
58) 6) text: Suddenly, Floyd storms into the room, obviously agitated something. He plunks a copy of the Chicago Tribune down o Lonnegan's desk. :
58) 11) dialog: Don't get excited, Floyd. I knew about it a week ago, We've beat _ that rap before, we'll beat it again.
58) 13) dialog: I know all that Floyd. I've been thinkin' about it all week.
58) 15) dialog: No. (pause) . We get Macalinski to kill ‘em for us.
58) 17) dialog: Just the satisfaction of bringing off a con that goes Gondorff one better than he gave us. As good as his game was, it only took our money. So Macalinski pulls the triggers. Dead is dead.
58) 22) dialog: Don't worry about Macalinski. I'll give him a reason. There's only one guy in this world I fear more than him.
58) 24) dialog: Me. This last remark is lost on Floyd. He's totally absorbed the flyer on Hooker's fight.
68) 1) dialog: Hello, Snyder. What are you doin’ in Atlantic City?
68) 3) dialog: {cutting him off) You shouldn't tell me lies like that, Snyder, when things between us are 80 sore. Floyd saw you chasin' Johnny Hooker.
68) 8) dialog: I want you to lay off Hooker. He's workin’ a con here that's gonna make me back all the money he ever took from me. I don't want anything to discourage him.
68) 10) dialog: All right, then we'll make you a deal. You leave Hooker alone and I'll tell you where they're going to split up the score. That way you can come in and pinch all of 'em -- the biggest confidence bust in New Jersey history. Snyder tries to play the brinksman.
68) 12) dialog: (in no mood for further negotiation) There's nothin' to think about. You either take the deal, or go after Hooker and hope you get him before one of my guys gets you.
68) 14) dialog: I don't care if you got the U.s. Marines behind you. You screw up this con and all your government service'll get you is a nice funeral. Snyder decides maybe he'll soften his line a little.
68) 19) dialog: I got my sources.
97) 0) text: The suitcases are snapped open. Each one is filled to the brim with hundred dollar bills. Camera back to reveal Lonnegan and Floyd,
97) 4) dialog: I assume you're here for your information.
97) 6) dialog: You can relax, Snyder, I never go back on a. deal. ‘There's a Chinese market down Vermont near 6th. In the back are three meat lockers. The middie one isn't a meat locker at all. It's a meeting room. That's where they're gonna make the split. Snyder is amazed that Lonnegan could discover such a well organized hideout.
97) 11) dialog: I got a source.
97) 13) dialog: Why don't you ask for yourself? (calling into e other room) Scanlon. “you off the phone yet? We hear a Voice 0.s. as another figure enters the room.
97) 15) text: Lonnegan delights in Snyder's surprise that the source is woman.
97) 16) dialog: (making the introduction) Camille Scanlon, Agent Snyder. Snyder says he'd like to make use of your services someday.
97) 24) dialog: What's the word on Macalinski?
97) 31) dialog: You earned every penny of it. I wish I had ten more like you. Veronica smiles at Floyd, who didn't appreciate this last comment too much.
97) 34) dialog: ‘Cause there's no chance they'll ever get there. Macalinski'll see to that once I tell him they conned him. (savoring the thought ) . Of course, that won't be until it's too late for him to deny it. Come on. Lonnegan picks up one of the suitcases, Floyd the other, they exit.
100) 0) text: Lonnegan's limousine drives up to the building entrance a stops. Lonnegan, Floyd, and a bodyguard carrying the two suitcases filled with money exit the car and enter the building.
101) 2) dialog: I know. He continues, without slowing, across the office and into "Chandler's" inner office, followed closely by Floyd and bodyguard. Billie picks up a telephone and presses a butt
102) 7) dialog: I'd like to lay a bet on Kelley to win tonight. Even money.
102) 9) dialog: It's nine-fifteen. The fight won't start for another fifteen, twenty minutes.
102) 11) dialog: (to Tuxedo Kid) .. Don't I know you from somewhere?
102) 19) dialog: (grabbing Tuxedo Kid's jacket lapels) . You can. And will. And now. The Tuxedo Kid's eyes go to Floyd's hand inside his coat pocket -- then to Lonnegan's pugnacious expression. He wi
102) 21) dialog: (to bodyguard) . Stay here. Be first at the cashier's win “4 + I wouldn't want them to run short.
104) 5) dialog: C'mon, Floyd. It's time to give Macalinski the bad news.
104) 7) dialog: The referee has finished giving instructions to the fight as Lonnegan makes his way over to where Macalinski is sit 184 185
104) 11) dialog: Howdy, Carlo.
104) 13) dialog: Just takin' a little vacation in the sun. Who you got your money on?
104) 18) dialog: So do I. He conned me outta five hundred grand four years ago.
104) 20) dialog: He's no fighter. Never has been. Name's Johnny Hooker. He's been a grifter around Chicago for years.
104) 25) dialog: That's Henry Gondorff, one of the all-time greats. Not only is he not a manager, he's not even a Negro. That's just makeup. You been had, Macalinski.
104) 27) dialog: Positive. I'll never forget those two as long as I live. If I wasn't under indictment, I'd ice 'em myself as soon as the fight's over, which shouldn't be too long now. Macalinski can't believe it. He just sits there in stunne silence.
104) 30) dialog: Looks like Hooker's gettin' ready to go home and spend some of your money. — Whatever doubts Macalinski may have had about Lonnegan's story are now dispelled. His astonishment is turning to cold fury. He turns to two of his bodyguards.
104) 35) dialog: You're wastin' your time. The bookie is probably in with them. He won't even be there.
109) 5) dialog: Next round oughta be the one. _, FLOYD , . Yeah, looks like Gondorff is tellin' the pretty boy it's time to check out. You think Macalinski's mad enough to kill those guys?
109) 6) dialog: I know he's mad enough. 202 203 204 205
109) 39) dialog: What the hell is goin' on here?
111) 0) text: Lonnegan, Floyd and two bodyguards come out of the audito They're in a big hurry and are quite relieved to see thei limousine waiting for them. Floyd opens the back door and Lonnegan slides in.
112) 0) text: Suddenly floyd and the two bodyguards feel the chill of c steel on their spinal columns. Three of Macalinski's men are holding .38's in their backs. Two others slide in nex to the unsuspecting Lonnegan and close the doors. Lonnega getting the same treatment he gave Kid Twist. His face is frozen in terror as the limousine drives off to keep his with the cement cobbler. cur To