78) 0) text: Billie goes inside while Singleton sets up his camera out front. She asks for the owner of the place and is shown i the office of a paunchy old hacker named Pyle. Pyle has t Customary pretention of one who has nothing to be pretent out.
78) 2) dialog: I don't remember no call.
78) 4) dialog: Naw, this is the right one, lady. Turner's is a dump. I remember you now. We've had more champions outta here than you can shake a stick at. Ain't that right, Egan? Egan is Pyle's mousy little assistant.
78) 10) dialog: Why do we need everybody?
78) 13) dialog: Well, I guess if they can do it, we can.
78) 15) dialog: Okay, Egan, get everybody out.
83) 0) text: Singleton has got his first shot posed. The fighters are lined up in a row, with their dukes up and menacing sneer their faces. Behind them stand the trainers, each with a towel over his arm and one hand on his fighter's shoulder Out in front of all this stands Pyle, his arms dramatical crossed, the moulder of men. Next to him is Egan, sportin the most shit-eating grin we've ever seen. Singleton ducks under the black cloth, tells everybody to still and snaps his picture. Some of the fighters turn to back into the gym, but Billie stops them.
85) 0) text: Billie is rehearsing her action shot. It calls for all of fighters to skip rope in unison, under the watchful eye o their trainers while Pyle and Egan, of course, maintain t standard poses out front. None of this is visible from inside, because, like all gymnasiums, the windows are fro Billie gives the signal to begin and all the fighters sta skipping, but several are out of sync. Billie stops them.
88) 7) text: The fighters and trainers drag back into the gym. Singlet folds up his camera and he and Billie start for their car Pyle, however, buttonholes them.
88) 8) dialog: When's this spread gonne hit the stands? BILLIE . In a couple weeks. You be watchin’ for it
88) 9) dialog: Be sure you spell my name right. It's Pyle. P+Y-L-E. Billie nods. She'll be sure and get that right.