38) 29) dialog: Aw, dry up. Hooker starts to lead her away. Mr. Hertel is not quite sure what to do.
38) 30) dialog: Please, Mr. Hertel, this guy is a phony. He's nothin' but a two-bit con artist. I know, I beat him on a gvitch just last week when he ied.... Veronica stops in midsentence, realizing what she's just admitted. Mr. Hertel is more upset by this than if she we an embezzler. Whatever doubts he had about Hooker are now one. He gives Veronica his most scandalized glare. She ows she's had it. __ VERONICA . Aw, the hell with it. I was tired ‘a workin' in your crappy store any- way. cONT INUED 75 76 77
38) 33) dialog: You're gonna look like a bulldozer in that, lady. I wouldn't wear this stuff to shovel bird shit. Hooker doesn't need to lead Veronica anymore. She's storn ing out of the store under her own er, even though her hands are handcuffed behind her back.
39) 2) dialog: Get lost, bozo.
40) 2) dialog: I decided to pack it in. All you meet in that line is bums like you. Christ, I gotta give Harriet twenty five percent, I gotta buy the clothes, pay off the maitre d', buy a few drinks and I hook into some jerk who's only good for thirty bucks. if you were any kind of pro at all you would've sweetened that boodie with ~ a 100 on the top, instead of a crummy twenty.
40) 7) dialog: Naw, you're just poorer. Now take the alr, will ya.
40) 9) dialog: I'd say take it yourself before someone deserving gets it.
40) 14) dialog: Don't count on it. Hooker splits off and heads back toward the department st
40) 15) dialog: Hey, you wanna take these cuffs off now
40) 17) dialog: What if some guy tries to paw me on the way home?
40) 22) dialog: (defiantly) You'll never know how great. On this note of tenderness, we: cur TO
43) 20) text: Ohio opens the door and motions Veronica in.
43) 22) dialog: Nice to meet ya.
43) 24) dialog: Yeah.
43) 27) dialog: Oh, ya know, the Spanish prisoner, the tip racket, the pigeon drop.
43) 33) dialog: (blowin her top . How was I Supposed to know what dumb stuff you made up? You coulda at least filled me in.
43) 37) dialog: Sherill. Veronica Sherill.
43) 43) dialog: (somevbat. trite} , . It's sheridan. Veronica Sheridan. C 1. histicated an you play a stica sheridan? t mean’ a cafe socie
44) 0) text: Located on the amusement pier, the Bluebird is Macalinski club. Hooker, Eirie and Veronica are sitting in a car acr the street, obviously waiting for something. It's the nig for the con to begin and they're all a little edgy. Veron is particularly quiet in the back seat.
44) 4) dialog: No, why should I be?
44) 6) dialog: if TI had your skill, I'd be nervous 0.
45) 10) dialog: Veronica enters the club now, a vision in black satin. Sh informs the maitre d' that she's alone and is led to a ta within Macalinski's line of sight. She lights a cigarette and surveys the room, a stunning presence, at once sophis cated and totally relaxed.
45) 19) text: AT VERONICA’S TABLE 90 He arrives at the table and goes into his opening line, o to find another Voice saying it in unison with him.
45) 26) dialog: I really couldn't tell. It seemed you both were here at the same time.
45) 28) dialog: I don't know either of you well enough to prefer, It's no disgrace for ‘two men to sit at the same table, is i
45) 34) dialog: Do you live here too?
45) 36) dialog: Well, gone you, Mr. Berrigan. You're very ki Macalinski wants to throw up.
45) 45) dialog: Gentlemen!
45) 48) dialog: Please, there's really no need.... Veronica's pleas for peace are a drop in the bucket. Ther no turning back now. .
45) 57) dialog: Mr. Macalinski, your hair! Macalinski reaches for the top of his head and feels only skin. He has a terrible realization as Gondorff looks in his napkin and holds up a slightly soggy hairpiece. . GONDORFF . . This is real convenient, Macalinski. We'll just send this rug out to be dry cleaned and you won't have to wash your hair. What'll they think of next? Is that your real nose? Macalinski's humiliation has given way to pure rage. He tries to snap the toupee out of Gondorff's hands.
45) 65) text: Macalinski has said this with his back to Veronica so tha she hasn't heard it.- Gondorff figures maybe it's time to off for a while. Both men take their seats, as Macalinski reaches for a deck of cards in the center of the table.
45) 73) dialog: All right, if you insist. Macalinski moves the cards. It's easy to follow the queen it ends up in the middle. Veronica picks it out with no rouble.
45) 85) dialog: It would be a pleasure. As Veroncia and Gondorff get up to leave, Gondorff flips dollar bill toward Macalinski.
56) 0) text: etting off the elevator, an old cage-type, at the third loor. He goes down the hall to door 306 and knocks. The door opens, and there stands Veronica. The radio plays Helen Forrest's "I'm Nobody's Baby."
56) 5) dialog: (making no move to invite him in) It was nothin'. Just another con.
56) 7) dialog: Just restless, I guess. tired of standing in the doorway, walks right in, much to the chagrin of Veronica.
57) 1) dialog: I didn't invite you in.
57) 3) dialog: We ain't never gonna be even Steven, and if I wanted company, I woulda got some. I know ten guys I could call right now and they'd be up here inside a five minutes.
57) 8) dialog: Get me one too, Maybe it'll make me tired. If I didn't have to worry about Macalinski seein' me, I could go out dancin' or somethin’.
57) 10) dialog: Not likely. You need a partner.
57) 12) dialog: Aw, c'mon. I used to teach dancin’. I don't dance with just any shlump.
57) 14) dialog: So am I.
57) 16) dialog: Yeah. Taft.
57) 18) dialog: That don't mean you can dance. Everybody knows a Jaffie couldn't take two steps in a row.
57) 23) dialog: You didn't come over to dance. I know what you came up here for. None of the eruye at Jefferson could do that, either.
57) 26) text: The beat comes up and Hooker and Veronica launch into the most knock-down, killer-diller lindy jitterbug we have ev seen, featuring all the great "air steps" and acrobatics early forties could muster. Veronica executes an amazing series of twirls, kicks and jumps that come within inches taking Hooker's head off. Hooker, on the other hand, is a great power dancer, whipping Veronica around like a top, throwing her over his back, around ‘his shoulders and und his legs. They're both dancing fluidly: but with a certai savagery -- each one trying to outdo the other, each one trying to push the dance into steps that the other can't follow. It's a slam-bang two minutes. The Soul Train All- Starts got nothin' on this. The record ends and the dance finishes in a draw. Both Ho and Veronica maintain their nonchalance, like it was a wa in the park, each trying hard to disguise the fact that t gasping for breath. Hooker chugs the last of his beer and picks up his hat.
57) 28) dialog: Yeah, see ya around.
57) 30) text: CONTINUED i121 Hooker walks quietly out the door. Once he's gone, Veronica sags into a chair, completely wo out, but not a little bit exhilerated. She'll get to slee tonight. ‘I'm nobody's baby, I wonder why. Won't someone hear my plea And please take a chance with me Because I'm nobody's baby now.'
91) 1) text: There's a knock at the door. Veronica goes to answer it. seems almost excited about who might be there. She opens
91) 6) text: With that, he drives a vicious punch into Veronica's stom As she stumbles forward, he rears back and blasts her in face, knocking her all the way across the room and over a table. She lies unconscious on the floor. We hold on her as the lights go out, the door closes and we hear footste disappear down the stairs. We're left with the plaintive notes of Mary Lou Williams' piano. cur To
92) 0) text: Hooker's doing much the same thing Veronica has been doin only in accordance with his tastes, he's drinking beer an listening to something a little more upbeat. Something li Liltin' Martha Tilton's "The Lady is a Tramp." Suddenly, Hooker gets a knock on his door. Unlike Vernoica, he imme ately expects the worst. Unlike Veronica, he doesn't get He opens the door and she staggers in, her nose swollen o one side and a huge shiner on her right eye.
92) 2) dialog: the couch) . I forgot to put on my makeup. This is the way I really look.
92) 8) dialog: What are you lookin' at? HOOKER ; I don't know. I'm just surprised you came over here, that's all. I mean, you coulda called one of your ten guys. VERONICA . I would of, but I don't really like any of 'em and you were closer. Some- times on a night like this, you wonder if everybody else doesn't like you as much as you don't like them. (pause) How about it, Hooker? How much don't you like me? Veronica asks this question with real concern. She's not being coy. Hooker leans forward and kisses her tenderly o all the bruised areas of her face. He doesn't like her ju fine. Veronica is not at all upset by this response.
92) 11) dialog: Just until I get proper medical attention.
92) 13) dialog: (lying) I'd find somebody else. She reaches up for his head and brings it down to her. Th kiss with all the longing of strangers and the intimacy o lovers, for what will obviously not be the last time toni 'I_get too hungry for dinner at eight I like the theatre but never come late. I never bother with people I hate. That's why the Lady is a Tramp.
97) 17) dialog: (the ice maiden) All it takes is money.
97) 19) dialog: (hard as nails) - I'll get whatever I paid back, and then some.
97) 25) dialog: He went for four hundred grand on Hooker. Hooker just told me on the phone that he's dumpin' the fight as soon as it doesn't look too phony. You can put your million on Kelley any time you want. Lonnegan is really proud of himself now.
97) 27) dialog: Well, I gotta get ready to go to the fight with Gondorff. You owe me a hundred grand Lonnegan. I'11 be leavin' early. I don't wanta be caught with Gondorff's boys when Macalinski sees Hooker take the count. Without hesitation, Lonnegan reaches into his desk, pulls out the money and hands it to her. She counts it quickly.
97) 32) dialog: » (heading . for the door) | Enjoy yourselves tonight. If I'm even in Chicago, I'll drop by and you can tell me about it. Lonnegan nods good-bye and Veronica is let out the door. Floyd is struggling hard with a thought.
121) 0) text: Hooker finds Veronica's compartment. The door is open.
122) 0) text: Hooker's cheeks are slightly swollen and there's a bandag over his eye. He looks as bad as Veronica.
122) 2) dialog: Yeah.
122) 4) dialog: He told me you'd just blow it. I figured you could use it for better ngs. Like showin' me a good time.
122) 10) dialog: I didn't say you'd be much. I said you'd be enough for me. Besides, the whole thing wasn't a fake.
122) 12) dialog: What do ya think, ya jerk? I don't even know what I got to offer, but you got the best of it. Hooker looks at her a second, wondering if she really mea
122) 14) dialog: All right, here's your goddamn money. You don't deserve me anyway.
122) 16) dialog: So long, Hooker. Thanks for the dance. Hooker nods and walks on out.