8) 0) text: FISHER walks through the main office reading the paper.
8) 1) dialog: "But how can one blame me when every time I step out my front door I meet fresh proof that the female archetypes are alive and well?  Te mother, the virgin, the whore, the crone; they're elbowing you in the subway, stealing your cabs, and overwhelming you with perfume in elevators."
9) 2) dialog: "... The cheerleader, the coed, and the man-eater, the last of which concerns me most today." Fisher leaves and we hold a USA Today sign.
19) 0) text: ELLIE is that editor.  Stylish and successful looking, sh about Ike's age.  Ellie sits behind a big desk with a sco her pretty face.  Her casual-looking husband, Fisher, sit nonchalantly on the arm of the couch.  Ike enters as Elli Maggie's letter.
19) 5) dialog: Ellie asked me to come down to offer moral support.
19) 14) dialog: In vino veritas.
23) 0) text: Fisher uses the dock for a photo shoot featuring men and in evening and formal wear from Escada for G.Q.  Fisher i actually shooting the camera, but rather supervising it. Fisher claps his hands and calls the models to attention. he goes onto the stage and sets the models in their posit FISHER (cont'd) Remember, we are putting the "fun" back into formal. (to Ike) I just say that for the agency guys.  I don't even know what that means.  Now follow me.
24) 0) text: Elevator doors open.  Ike and Fisher exit and walk toward coffee table.
24) 1) dialog: Ike, I really liked the Runaway Bride piece, and since I do freelance stuff for G.Q., I'm in a different position now...
24) 3) dialog: Vindication.  How would you like to get some?  A chance to prove that, though your facts weren't entirely straight, your theory was correct.
24) 5) dialog: All the gory details. They start walking again.
24) 7) dialog: It wouldn't be a bad way to get you back into writing feature pieces again.
24) 9) dialog: (nods) If she runs, then it's a cover story. All true.  All accurate.
24) 11) dialog: Then you've got it.  If you leave tomorrow for the hinterlands, you'll have plenty of time before her next wedding trot.
24) 13) dialog: Justice, yes.  Paid, I don't know. They like the idea, but my hands are tied with budget restraints.
25) 0) text: We see Ike driving down the highway.  The car sputters a as he and Fisher continue their conversation in voice-ove needed by the editor.)
25) 1) dialog: Don't say "spec" like it's a dirty word. Nobody ever paid Shakespeare to write a play!  Plato never got a book advance...
74) 2) dialog: (into phone) Yes, well, my theory was that she may be running because she gets attention... Negative attention is attention. Like when women whack you on the street because of your column, that's negative attention.
74) 4) dialog: (into phone) No, I'm paying for the dress.  Do you think she's still gonna run?
75) 0) text: He is finding it very hard to gloat.  Fisher is annoying
75) 2) dialog: You're coming here?
75) 4) dialog: Then come for dinner.
75) 6) dialog: Order out like a Philistine, when you got the Galloping Gourmet here?... Ike hangs up and watches more of the George Swilling wedd video.
77) 0) text: Ike walks down a street toward Ellie and Fisher.
78) 0) text: Ellie is on the phone as Fisher enters with beer.  Ike si the piano.
78) 1) dialog: (sarcastically) Overpriced nice apartment and Chinese takeout.  That's New York living.
78) 3) dialog: Or a vegetarian?
78) 6) dialog: Whoa, Ike.  Getting a complex, buddy?
78) 9) dialog: (in shock) Ike is turning sensitive and I can't bear to watch.  I'm going to make a fresh pot of tea. The phone rings as Fisher exits.  Ike goes to the piano a picks up the phone.
88) 0) text: Ellie's on the phone.  Fisher sits nearby.
100) 0) text: As Fisher and Ellie sign the guest book, a LOCAL LADY sta Ellie.  Ellie stares back at her until she leaves.  Ike w away from Lee and turns smack into Ellie and Fisher.  Ike his arms around them and gives them a big hug.
100) 2) dialog: (grinning) Of course we are.  Of course.
100) 4) dialog: Well, I'm good, I don't know if I'm best.
101) 0) text: Ike steps up and stands next to Fisher.
101) 1) dialog: (to Ike) I have no idea what I'm doing.
101) 3) dialog: I just found out I'm best man!  I'm lucky I have a suit... What's wrong? Ike gives the ring to Fisher.  The Pastor approaches Ike. turns away and look out over the guests. IKE'SPOV:  There are most of the TOWNSPEOPLE we've come t know, plus some NEW YORKERS for Ike, with little ponytail Armani wire rims, Donna Karan bodysuits.  There's a lot o smirking, checking out the hicks, forming their stories f cocktail hour.  Elaine is in back all dressed in black, m Ike.  Mrs. Trout approaches Ike.
101) 7) dialog: Hello.  I'm Fisher.
101) 9) dialog: You just pull a hair from my neck.
105) 5) text: Fisher gives a little "darn, so close" look.
107) 4) dialog: Look, he's in pretty good shape.
107) 8) dialog: Wherever it is, she'll be there by ten- thirty tomorrow. Cindy, Cory, Peggy and Meredith also rush out of the chur comment on Maggie's runaway.  Further down the road, Ike chases the truck, yelling:
131) 0) text: Ellie and Fisher hear about Maggie's wedding.