22) 0) text: Maggie skips back into her house which she shares with Fa and Grandma.  A cozy and eclectic place creatively furnis a shoe-string.  She rushes into:  KITCHEN WHERE BOB KELLY fiance #4, is packing cans into a backpack.  Bob, 38, has pleasant face and a body that is almost shockingly buff. wearing a T-shirt that reads: "Mountaineers Do It Against Wall.", Maggie dances over, waving the paper and singing.
34) 0) text: Bob, Walter, and Maggie's GRANDMOTHER JULIA sit in the li room.  Grandma is sewing one of Maggie's wedding veils. drinks wine, Ike wears a hat.
34) 10) dialog: Check on the crabs, Bob. We overhear them murmuring in annoyed tones about the wed plans as they exit... Walter puts down his drink.
34) 14) dialog: Sorry.
34) 18) dialog: Oh, yes, you can.  She's has 'em all on tape.
34) 23) dialog: (sarcastically) Ha ha. CLOSE ON:  A tape.  It reads: "Maggie I, II, III."  Ike's interest is more than piqued.  Ike picks it up.  They get go to the dining room.
65) 1) dialog: I'd like to explain about the weddings. There are reasons why they didn't come off.  Three weddings, no "I do's".  You can't believe how much cake we were left with.  I should weigh three hundred pounds.  I don't think her father minded spending so much money on booze that nobody drank. We hear Grandma as through the hotel doors, we see Maggie the diner.  She gets a bag from inside the cab of her tru comes inside the hotel where she finds Ike talking to Gra who is having tea with her friend, NETTA.
65) 4) dialog: Right, cover your ears, Netta.  It's not that she's afraid of the wedding, she's afraid of the wedding night. Innocent girls are terrified of "the one-eyed snake". (getting into it) Why, when I was a virgin bride, I took a knitting needle with me into the bed... Ike winces.
65) 6) dialog: Oh, yeah, I forgot.  I'll tell you one thing, your grandpa didn't forget that wedding night. (no Netta) You can take your hands off your ears, Netta.  Your tea's getting cold.
89) 0) text: Maggie talks to Peggy, Cindy and Grandma Julia.  Grandma sits under a hair dryer.  Sprout, the dog, sits in his ba
89) 3) dialog: I like his tight butt. Peggy laughs.
94) 0) text: Ike and Maggie open and close a Hoberman ball by holding opposite ends in their teeth.  Grandma looks in.
96) 0) text: It is a media circus including FOUR REPORTERS, Midday wit Meredith and the T-shirt Vendor.  Plus three other people reporters are interviewing, a GERMAN LADY, BUTCH KENAN, a farmer and Grandma Julia.  Reporter DINA NAPOLI walks dow church steps.
102) 0) text: Peggy joins Maggie, who is blowing bubblegum and swaying front of an oscillating fan.  Grandma and Walter come in. Grandma gives her a kiss on the cheek.
102) 1) dialog: Good luck, Maggie.
113) 0) text: Dad and Grandma Julia are there.  Grandma is making lunch Walter is juggling oranges.  There's glass of beer on the kitchen counter.
113) 2) dialog: She's been doing this since the last wedding.  I don't think it's good. Maggie walks in and kisses Grandma on the cheek.
113) 4) dialog: Turkey and cheese.
113) 14) dialog: That needed to be said.  You know -- you're always making jokes about her, so they won't make jokes about your drinking. Walter reacts.