1) 1) text: The rider is a bride -- a beautiful woman dressed in a disheveled wedding gown, it's train tattered and flying l knight's banner out behind her. This is MAGGIE CARPENTER. The horse is frothing and wild-eyed, like the bride, who to look behind her in terror.  The horse's labored breath mingles with Maggie's panicked gasps. We see a WEDDING BOUQUET fly into a ditch as the horse th on.  Maggie clings to the reins.  She looks as though she running from the devil himself.
4) 1) dialog: Hey, Fisher, pick up.  I have some column ideas I want to bounce off you. Not there?  Okay.  Listen I'm thinking of writing about those mind-numbing informercials that are always on. Ike walks out of his apartment building talking on cell p IKE (cont'd) What do you think?  Good idea, right? Boring, down to death, pointless -- It sucks. Ike yells at a CONSTRUCTION WORKER. IKE (cont'd) If you guys are here any longer, they're gonna make you sign a lease.
4) 3) dialog: Okay, I was also thinking I might write about... He spots a RICH LADY with tons of diamonds getting out of Limousine, talking to a CHAUFFEUR.  He goes up to her. IKE (cont'd) Excuse me.  I was thinking of doing an article on limousines.  What would you say to people who never had a chance to drive in a limo? They walk up to her DOORMAN.
5) 0) text: Ike's talking on the phone to his friend's machine again.
5) 1) dialog: (into phone) Fisher?  Come on -- I know you're sitting there laughing at me.  Pick up. I want to run an idea past you. Ike continues walking now in the full panic of writer's b He pleads into his friend's answering machine as he walks IKE (cont'd) (into phone) I just could use someone to toss it back and forth with for a few minutes, get the juice flowing, help me.  I have an hour and twenty-seven minutes and fifty-two seconds.  Hello? He walks away from the t-shirt table towards the bar.  Th Vendor calls out to him.
5) 3) dialog: When your t-shirts stop shrinking. Ike enters the bar.  The Woman drops the shirt she was ho and walks off with her children.  The T-shirt Vendor goes to selling his shirts.
6) 0) text: Ike sits at the bar speaking to an attractive Woman nearb MAN puts is USA Today on the bar and addresses the BARTEN
6) 3) dialog: I don't know yet.  I'm kind of a last- minute man.  Ideas don't flow until an hour or two before deadline. The Woman gets up and begins throwing darts.
6) 5) dialog: No, I can't hit on you until I get an idea. She starts throwing darts.
6) 7) dialog: No, you don't understand. The Woman goes to her bar stool, gathering her bag and le tip for the Bartender.
6) 9) dialog: (taken aback) I don't write bitter diatribes about women... very often. She whacks him with a newspaper, then shakes his hand.
6) 11) dialog: (as she exits) That's last minute man. (then, louder) And it's the quality that counts.
6) 14) dialog: Excuse me?
6) 16) dialog: Not as private as I thought. Ike turns slightly, giving the man his back. IKE (cont'd) Kevin, you've got some napkins?
6) 18) dialog: Give me a pen. The Bartender gives him cocktail napkins and a pen.  Ike making notes.  Ike looks up from his writing.  The Man ge and starts throwing darts.
6) 20) dialog: ... They're up, they're down.  It's really fun making this list with you, but I've got a column to go write.
6) 26) dialog: I give up.
7) 0) text: Ike sits at his computer, cassette player with Miles Davi next to him as he types away reading his handiwork to him
7) 1) dialog: (reading) "Today is a day of profound introspection, I have been accused of using this column to direct bitter diatribes at the opposite sex!  This uncomfortable accusation has plunged me into at least fifteen minutes of serious reflection, from which I have emerged with the conclusion that, yes -- I traffic in female stereotypes."
14) 0) text: We see Maggie kickboxing in anger.  The radio is on.  She suddenly stops, yanks Ike's article off the wall, leaves workout area and goes to her desk.
15) 0) text: As Maggie's VOICE-OVER continues to read her letter, we t a Manhattan busy day.  It is big, loud, and anonymous. MAGGIE (V.O.; cont'd) "Greeting from the sticks!  Perhaps you believe that a rural education is focused mainly on hog calling and tractor maintenance rather than reading. Why else would you print a piece of fiction about me and call it fact?" Te CAMERA FINDS Ike, striding across a busy street, dodgi taxies.  A WOMAN smacks him with a newspaper.  He passes TRAFFIC OFFICER, then a hot dog stand.  He greets and pas FALAFEL VENDOR.  THE CAMERA PANS to a USA Today Truck. MAGGIE (V.O.; cont'd) "I suppose Mr. Graham was too busy thinking us slanderous statements about how I dump men for kicks to bother with something silly like accuracy in reporting.  Which is understandable, because with a "man-eater" like me on the loose, who has time to check facts?"
16) 0) text: He passes regular GUYS who cheer him. MAGGIE (V.O.; cont'd) "Still, we cannibalistic queens can get pretty cranky when we see things in print that hurt our feelings, like that we deliberately abandon fiances with malice aforethought."
18) 0) text: He walks through the crowded city room.  His arrival attr lot of attention from his CO-WORKERS.  Ike seems a little surprised, but he's pleased. MAGGIE (V.O.; cont'd) "That's why I was surprised to find Mr. Graham's editor was a woman. Call me a sentimental fool, but I sort of hoped we man-eater could stick together." Ike works his way down the hall to the editor's office. Ike greets various workers.  He steps up to the editor's secretary, ELAINE.  She doesn't smile.
18) 1) dialog: (to Elaine) I'll put in a good word for you.
18) 3) dialog: Why? A buzz.
19) 0) text: ELLIE is that editor.  Stylish and successful looking, sh about Ike's age.  Ellie sits behind a big desk with a sco her pretty face.  Her casual-looking husband, Fisher, sit nonchalantly on the arm of the couch.  Ike enters as Elli Maggie's letter.
19) 2) dialog: (chuckles as he sits) Fully.  I like her.  She has wit.
19) 4) dialog: So?  I never returned your calls, even when we were married.  And what's Fisher doing here anyway? Fisher gets and places a photo of the cat on a bookshelf way to the other side of the room.
19) 6) dialog: Since when does Ellie need moral supp--
19) 8) dialog: What?
19) 10) dialog: Lesson number two.  Never work for your former spouse.
19) 12) dialog: I didn't cook up a story.  I had a source.
19) 15) dialog: Don't knock drunk guys in bars.  Drunk guys in bars are good.  It means they're not driving. Ike gets up and stands near Ellie, making his point. IKE (cont'd) Besides, I'm a columnist.  This is what columnists are supposed to do.  This is what you like.  We push, we stretch, we go out on a limo.  That's what makes me good!
19) 17) dialog: I merely write the stuff.  You're the one that serves it up. Ike puts down the letter and puts his glasses back into h pocket.
19) 19) dialog: (scoffs) Lawyers. (glances at list) I don't know, Ellie -- Firing me is going to be very tough on you.  It's going to be hard to get over.  There will be therapy bills for you.
19) 21) dialog: (putting the list down, standing) See?  You want custody of my job? ... Why not just consider my wrist slapped and call me when you feel I've served my time?
20) 0) text: Ike rides sadly on the back of a forklift, gets off and w out.
23) 0) text: Fisher uses the dock for a photo shoot featuring men and in evening and formal wear from Escada for G.Q.  Fisher i actually shooting the camera, but rather supervising it. Fisher claps his hands and calls the models to attention. he goes onto the stage and sets the models in their posit FISHER (cont'd) Remember, we are putting the "fun" back into formal. (to Ike) I just say that for the agency guys.  I don't even know what that means.  Now follow me.
24) 0) text: Elevator doors open.  Ike and Fisher exit and walk toward coffee table.
24) 2) dialog: What are you trying to say to me, Fish? They stop walking.
24) 4) dialog: (hiding his hope) The real story on Miss Carpenter.
24) 6) dialog: (excited) The anatomy of the black widow spider of Maryland.
24) 8) dialog: (enthusiastically) This is good.  It is a good story, Fish. They stop at the coffee table and grab something to eat.
24) 10) dialog: (confesses) Okay, you were right.  I hated my column, but I can do this assignment.
24) 12) dialog: "Paid vindication"  That's what I call justice.
24) 14) dialog: But I'll get my normal fee, right? He walks away.
24) 15) dialog: You want me to do it on spec?! He follows him.
25) 0) text: We see Ike driving down the highway.  The car sputters a as he and Fisher continue their conversation in voice-ove needed by the editor.)
25) 2) dialog: Oh yeah!  I happen to know from reliable sources that Nietzche got expenses and a rental car. We hear Fisher laugh. IKE (V.O.; cont'd) I'm going to make this work, Fish.  I'm going to do it! Ike's car drives into Hale, passing a billboard reading, "Welcome to Hale."
26) 0) text: Ike drives down picturesque Main Street.  He passes Hale Hardware.  Sign says: "At Curl.  Be back soon."
27) 0) text: A BARBERSHOP QUARTET is singing in front of the only hote town.  Ike pulls up and goes inside.
28) 0) text: Ike has checked into the Atlantic Hotel.  The clerk, LEE, him his key.  Ike asks about room service and the restaur An OLDER WOMAN asks him if he plays bridge as he goes up stairs to his room.
29) 0) text: Ike exits his hotel as the Barber Shop Quartet finishes s "Camptown Races." He now walks down the charming main artery of the town, l exactly like what he is:  a cynical New York out of his e on sunny Main Street, USA.  KIDS ride by on bikes, stream balloons behind them.  A balloon hits Ike on the face.  A crosses the street, he mutters into his tape recorder:
29) 1) dialog: I think I'm in Maryberry. Flags hang on all the storefronts and the place sparkles wholesome attitudes as PEOPLE greet each other familiarly comes to beauty parlor called "Curl Up and Dye".  The pla doing business and crowded with WOMEN.
30) 7) dialog: Hello.  I'm looking for Maggie Carpenter.  There was a sign at the hardware store across the street...
30) 9) dialog: (shocked) What?
30) 11) dialog: About her upcoming wedding and all.
30) 13) dialog: I am just such a reporter.  And you are?
30) 15) dialog: And who are these lovely ladies? Te ladies shake his hand and introduce themselves.
30) 19) dialog: (turning toward her) Looking for Maggie.
30) 24) dialog: Originality is my speciality.
30) 28) dialog: Sorry, no.  I just got one.
30) 30) dialog: (steps to Mrs. Pressman) Yes, Mrs. Pressman.
30) 32) dialog: I know.  Tell me something.  Do you think she's going to make it all the way this time? During the Ike/Mrs. Pressman exchange, Maggie looks at Ik There's something familiar about him.  She looks over at and beckons her to a copy of Ike's column affixed to a mi A goatee and horns, have been scrawled on Ike's byline pi He's been "devilized".  Peggy coughs as she recognizes Ik the newspaper clipping.
30) 35) dialog: Good fact.  Well, you let me know.
30) 37) text: Maggie indicates column to Peggy.  She looks over at the the shop used to wash and dye hair.  There's a sink, stoo cabinet affixed to the wall above sink, which holds vario shampoos and hair dyes.  Maggie gets an idea.  Maggie and step forward toward Ike.
30) 39) dialog: You'll answer my questions? Maggie nods affirmatively. IKE (cont'd) (removing his jacket) Fine.  You wash, I'll ask the questions.
30) 42) dialog: Getting nervous?
30) 44) dialog: Weird dreams?  You're going to tell me about them?
31) 0) text: Ike sits with a towel over his head as Peggy blow-dries t of his head.  His back is to the mirror, his body faces M Cindy does her own nails as Mrs. Pressman scratches off l tickets.  The dog, Sprout, sits in is basket.
31) 4) dialog: I think you'd look good in red.
31) 7) dialog: Yes, I think I nailed the personality profile of the women of Hale. Ike turns and puts the clipping up on the mirror. IKE (cont'd) (to Peggy) My jacket, please. Peggy hands him his jacket. IKE (cont'd) (sarcastically) Thank you. Ike moves toward the door.  He spots Pete. IKE (cont'd) (putting on jacket; to Pete) Excuse me, Pete, do you know a place that sells shampoo... Strong shampoo?
31) 9) dialog: No thanks. Ike smiles at Maggie and exits.
32) 0) text: In front of beauty salon, Maggie follows Ike out.
32) 2) dialog: Thank you. He walks the other way.
32) 4) dialog: I'm not here to make you feel bad.  I'm here for vindication.  In my heart...
32) 6) dialog: I feel I'm right about you.  You got me fired, lady.  You destroyed my reputation and you screwed up my hair. You chew men up, spit them out and loved it.  And I'm down here to satisfy myself on that point. PASSERSBY stare at Ike's hair and giggle.
32) 8) dialog: Yes.  Conviction.  Conviction that I'm onto the truth.  You're going to do the same thing to "poor bastard number four" that you did to the last three.  You're going to run again.  And I'm not leaving until you do.
32) 10) dialog: We'll see.
32) 13) dialog: Hey, kid, I'll give you ten bucks for your hat. Kid agrees.  Ike puts the hat on and starts to cross the An OLD WOMAN walks by and hits him with a newspaper.  Ike stunned.
34) 0) text: Bob, Walter, and Maggie's GRANDMOTHER JULIA sit in the li room.  Grandma is sewing one of Maggie's wedding veils. drinks wine, Ike wears a hat.
34) 4) dialog: They made me put my hat back on.
34) 11) dialog: Gee, I hope they don't have a fight out there.  You don't think they'll call it off...?
34) 13) dialog: You know, your daughter seems... Ike notices that he's been sewn to the veil.
34) 15) dialog: That's okay, Grandma. Grandma cuts the thread and separates the veil from Ike's IKE (cont'd) (continuing his thought) ... Like such a lovely girl. Walter points to a portrait painting on the wall.
34) 17) dialog: (seeing the portrait) Ah, beautiful. (gets up to admire the portrait) I just can't see her leaving multiple grooms in the dust like that.
34) 19) dialog: She has a tape?
34) 21) dialog: Dad's fishing trip, Grandma's knee operation, Grandma's birthday...
35) 4) dialog: That's fair.
35) 7) dialog: Ahh.
35) 10) dialog: (impressed) Everest.  Is that right?
35) 12) dialog: Really?
35) 15) dialog: How romantic.
35) 17) dialog: Nothing like sharing your nuptial bed with two Sherpas and a yak. Walter cracks up, Maggie shoots Ike a look.  He smiles ba
36) 2) dialog: (to Fisher; into phone) You won't believe what I'm looking at, Fisher.  A videotape of all three train wrecks.
36) 6) dialog: Kamikaze!
37) 0) text: Establishing.  High angle wide shot of a bakery in Hale. exits a neighboring shop and walks down the block.  He pa front of the bakery to take a look at Maggie's truck.  As does, a middle-aged Black WOMAN walks by and whacks him w newspaper.  Ike is stunned as she walks off.  He turns to sitting on a bench.
37) 1) dialog: Did you see that?
38) 5) dialog: But he's got the Bobster's eyes. Maggie cringes at the sound of Ike's voice. IKE (cont'd) No -- the Bobster's eyes are closer set. She ignores him and continues her search. IKE (cont'd) (to Mrs. Trout) Could I have two coffees, please?  And what is that wonderful smell? (seeing the cinnamon rolls) I'll have two of those delicious looking cinnamon rolls.
38) 7) dialog: Let's see... Excuse me, isn't that cute? Ahh... He makes the bride figure repeatedly knock the groom figu the head and run away screaming. IKE (cont'd) Bam, bam, bam, bam, bam!  Oh, help me! Help me!  Yup!  That's her all right. Mrs. Trout just about bursts a gut laughing.  Maggie take bride from Ike coldly.
38) 9) dialog: Yes, I am.  And who are you?
38) 11) dialog: (as he pays) Oh, Betty.  I take it you're going to be making the wedding cake and they say you're throwing --
38) 14) dialog: (cynical delight) A pre-wedding luau?
38) 16) dialog: Fun?  Fun isn't the word. Mrs. Trout beams.  Maggie understands his answer a little Mrs. Trout hands Ike his items and he pays.
38) 19) dialog: (to Mrs. Trout) Actually, I would love to come. (taps her service bell) Thank you.  Thank you so much. Maggie steps over, carrying her bride and groom figure ch
38) 21) dialog: No. He starts to leave with his bag.  Mrs. Trout stops him.
38) 23) dialog: Bye, Betty.  Thanks. He leaves.
39) 3) dialog: They're both standing on the blocking sled.  Wave after w VARSITY FOOTBALL PLAYERS ram into the sled and drive it a the field with both Ike and Bob on top of it.  Ike is mun one of the cinnamon rolls as Bob pushes the KIDS.
39) 7) dialog: And talk about you. Ike grins and shows Maggie the notes in his pocket.
39) 10) dialog: Well -- I've got to get moving -- lot of work to do today!  I'll see you two love-birds later. Ike leaves.  Bob calls after him.
39) 12) dialog: You bet ya, Coach. Maggie is aghast.  She stares at Bob.  Ike joins in behin of peppy cheerleaders.
42) 0) text: Maggie rushes inside and looks around.  No one is in sigh Several cars, including a yellow jeep-like car up on a hy lift, are in the funky garage.
42) 7) dialog: (feigning shock) Imagine!  Maggie Carpenter topless in a public arena. (checks photo again) And I see there was a chill in the air. Maggie swipes for the photo, but Ike is faster at pulling
42) 9) dialog: But the most interesting thing here is that I don't see the rose tattoo that I've heard about on your back. Gill takes off his guitar and sets it down.
42) 12) dialog: Sure, I would love to give this to you. Just give us one quick gander at that rose, and, I'll gladly hand it over. She tries to grab the photo again.  Ike pulls it away.
42) 14) dialog: Completely. Gill is still trying to grasp the meaning of this.
42) 16) dialog: Gill, I'll go ya double or nothing if was a stick-on.
42) 20) dialog: (sincerely) Look, look, man.  I think the man is heartbroken.
42) 23) dialog: Jerry.  He'd play.  He'd play... Jerry would play his heart out. Ike sings and taps along in tempo on the side of the car sings and plays "Ripple".
43) 0) text: As Maggie drives into town with Peggy, they see Ike on po SHERIFF, POLICE CHIEF and MAIL    MAN, all playing instru a blues band.  Ike is not bad on slide guitar.  They all Ike. Maggie "CHUFFAS" with Peggy and moves on.
44) 11) text: Dennis recognizes Ike as he walks up.  Dennis tells Ike t is going to marry Maggie some day and shows Ike where Mag sitting.
44) 12) text: Maggie spots Ike as they sit back down.  She groans.
44) 19) dialog: Hello, Peggy Phleming, "not the ice-skater". Ike indicates the seat next to Peggy.
44) 21) dialog: ... And this is Maggie's beer. He starts drinking it.  ON THE FIELD, Cory is getting rea steal third. IKE (cont'd) That your  husband out there?  Cory Phleming, a local radio announcer.
44) 23) dialog: Not yet.  I had a phlemless morning.  I hear he's a pretty good ballplayer.
44) 25) dialog: That must have made you proud. Peggy takes a small sip off her soda.
44) 27) dialog: It's nice that they're still friends.
44) 30) dialog: You can turn that finger around. Ike does an on-the-button imitation of Maggie jumping exc at Cory.  Now Maggie sees what he's getting at.
44) 32) dialog: Obviously, I'm not the only one who doesn't understand it.  The USS Maggie leaves quite a wake... Excuse me. Ike walks away.  Alone, Maggie tries to seem enthused.
45) 0) text: Sitting in front of Inn Hale Bar, we see the BARTENDER pantomiming holding the reins of a wildly galloping horse seen something like this before.  Maggie's wild ride away her last wedding.  Ike laughs with Bartender just as Magg drives by the bar and sees this.
47) 0) text: Maggie walks towards Ike's room, checks that no one sees enters.
48) 1) text: Ike has placed post-its on a framed picture, using the fr bulletin board.  Post-it notes lay out the information he gathered under headings and subheadings.  Parents "Mother deceased, subheaded by "Walter" and there is one for "Bri "Gill", and "Bob".  Maggie smiles and shakes her head.  S one post-it down and reads it to herself.
49) 0) text: Ike comes down hallway as Harvey puts his shoes out to be
49) 2) dialog: All right, I know you're in there... You steal my research... You're messing with the first amendment now.  Open up. Open up.  You got no place to go.
50) 0) text: Ike's wrong.  Maggie is already trying to open the first bathroom window.  It's stuck.  She climbs over the bathtu opens that window and starts to climb out.
50) 1) dialog: I want to have a very serious discussion with you as to why you're such a pain in the ass. We HEAR Ike slamming his body against the bathroom door. As Ike breaks in, he runs to the window and yells after h
51) 0) text: IKE (cont'd) That's breaking and entering.  I'll call the sheriff.
53) 0) text: CLOSE ON:  A CASSETTE PLAYER.  We see the familiar handwr label: "Miles Davis."  "Kind of Blue" plays as Maggie lis a chair, looking shell-shocked, surrounded by the post-it stole from Ike's room.  We see as she reads them: "Father fisted drinker," "Peggy, best friend, but Peggy doesn't t trust Maggie," "Bob" -- doesn't love him.  Overwhelmed, s finishes reading the last note, leans back, puts her feet the table, deep in the mood of the melancholy music. The CAMERA MOVES on the last note on the floor next to he It reads: "SHOWS NO REMORSE". FADE TO BLACK.
56) 0) text: Maggie exits her house, gets on her bike and rides off to town.
57) 0) text: Ike is still in bed.  He slowly blinks awake, stretches, about to  throw off the covers when Maggie's voice breaks silence.
57) 2) dialog: I take it the desk clerk is one of your many admirers.
57) 4) dialog: Coffee.  Now. Maggie hands it to him.
57) 6) dialog: I'm not a boastful man.  What's your point? Ike puts a shirt on as Maggie speaks.
57) 8) dialog: Really. Maggie turns away from him as he dresses.
57) 10) dialog: My magazine doesn't pay because for stories.  It's not what you call ethical.
57) 12) dialog: (to Maggie) You've seen the post-its.  I've already got more juicy material than I need. Why should I pay you dollar one?
57) 14) dialog: Too much.
57) 16) dialog: Five hundred.
57) 18) dialog: Done. Scowling, he writes out the check and hands it to her.  M looks at it and smile sweetly.
58) 0) text: Ike jogs alongside of Maggie on her bike.  Maggie parks h and they go inside her door to the house.
59) 0) text: Maggie leads Ike upstairs to her workroom.
60) 0) text: Insert on a cappuccino machine.  We PULL BACK and see Mag Ike standing at her work table.  An automatic cappuccino stands on the table.  Its base is made from a used paint machine.  It looks very shiny and futuristic.  Maggie's l "MAG" is on the side.  The machine shakes as it steams th cappuccino.  Ike notices another homemade machine on the IKE (cont'd) What's this over here?
60) 2) dialog: Cindy the manicurist. He puts his finger in the wrong hole of the machine.
60) 4) dialog: (laughing) This is wonderful.  You reconfigure all these industrial parts and you do something amazing with it. He looks around and spots some gadgets and lamps on anoth He walks to them. IKE (cont'd) Amazing.  Found industrial stuff. Willow lamp... Rasta lamp... He picks up one of the many logos on the counter.  Each b "MAG" logo. IKE (cont'd) Is this your preferred logo?
60) 6) dialog: I like it.  This whole thing is pretty incredible. (studying a lamp) I think you could probably sell this lamp idea in New York.
60) 8) dialog: You afraid to try?
60) 10) dialog: Well, I'm impressed.  Absolutely incredible. (sitting) I didn't expect pink and lacy, but this isn't exactly a woman's room.
61) 0) text: Maggie's showing Ike engagement rings.
61) 2) dialog: Always a mood killer.
61) 4) dialog: (grimacing) It's a little "Silence of the Lambs" for me.  I can't believe you waited for the wedding to run.
61) 6) dialog: Wait.  Don't tell me.  The scoreboard lit up with "Mary me, Maggie." Ike picks up his cup of cappuccino and moves behind the c
61) 8) dialog: (stopping) Highly suspect.
61) 10) dialog: Maybe it's just me, but -- if you got to dress it up, it doesn't ring true. Ike moves back to the couch. IKE (cont'd) I think the most anybody can honestly say is, "Look..." (sits on the arm of the couch) "I guarantee that we'll have tough times.  I guarantee that at some point one or both of us will want to get out of this thing.  But I also guarantee that if I don't ask you to be  mine, I'll regret it for the rest of my life. Because I know in my heart -- you're the only one for me" Maggie stares at Ike for a beat.  His words have taken a bit of her breath away.  She covers.
61) 12) dialog: I'm a work in progress.
61) 14) dialog: No.  I think I said something eloquent like, "So, uh -- maybe we should, ya know.  What do you think?"
61) 16) dialog: I don't know.
61) 18) dialog: No.
61) 20) dialog: Call me crazy, but I believe that check I gave you entitles me to ask the questions for a while. Ike puts down his cup of coffee, gets his tape recorder a close to Maggie.
61) 22) dialog: Ow!
62) 0) text: Ike and Maggie drive in Maggie's truck.  They pull up in a Bridal Shop. A spectacular dress fills the small window.  It's beautif romantic, sexy.  Maggie and Ike can be seen in the reflec
62) 2) dialog: Agreed. Maggie gives Ike a smile that lights up the sky.  They go
63) 15) dialog: Mrs. Whittenmeyer.  May I talk to you for a second? She walks over to him. IKE (cont'd) I don't know much about this kind of thing.  I'm from out of town.  You're a salesperson, right?  You're here to sell wedding dresses.
63) 17) dialog: Perfect.  Because Miss Carpenter is here to buy one.  But not just any one. She wants that one.
63) 23) dialog: Tough to spend money in this town.
63) 25) dialog: (stammering) You look... uh... You look fine.
63) 27) dialog: Bob will be very happy. She glows.  Then the moment between them is broken as she suddenly remembers something and grabs the veil off her h
64) 0) text: This is a great place -- a major hub of social life in Ha food is greasy and good, Mrs. Pressman is the waitress, a CROWD the essence of what is wonderful about a small town Maggie and Ike sit on the counter.  Mrs. Pressman CHUFFS the luau, then moves around the corner.
64) 5) dialog: (clears his throat) Of course.
64) 10) dialog: Tell me.  When you get to the altar, will you spike the bouquet?
64) 12) dialog: Well, I'm off.  A reporter's work is never done. (heading to the door) Mrs. Pressman, thank you.
65) 3) dialog: Gram here was going to give me the skinny on why you run from marital bliss.
65) 8) dialog: Bye, Netta... Bye, Grandam. He steps over to Maggie in the doorway.
65) 10) dialog: (excited) Oh, my God -- It's Miles Davis.  This is "King of Blue"!  This is the original recording.  Hard to find in good condition.  Where did you find this?
65) 12) dialog: It's valuable.  Hang onto it.
65) 14) dialog: Hmmm... Figuring out what kind of music I like and then finding me a rare album. You're not trying to soften me up, are you?
66) 0) text: Ike drives through Hale gobbling french fries from the fa bag in his lap.  Ike passes THE INN HALE BAR, same dump o tavern he talked to bartender at. ANGLE ON: MAGGIE'S CAR parked a few cars down.  He pulls and parks.  He gets out and speaks into his tape recorder
67) 0) text: Ike approaches the window of the bar.  There's a DRUNK MA DOG sitting outside.  Inside, we see two figures from the arms around each other.  One is definitely Maggie.  The o definitely not Bob.
67) 8) dialog: No.  Forget about it.  Don't even think about it. Maggie looks at him with real gratitude.  She swings the door shut.
67) 10) dialog: Why don't you let him sleep it off in the trunk. I'll take you for a ride. Then we'll come back for him. (to Drunk on bench) Keep an eye on him.
67) 12) dialog: I was talking to the dog. (turning to Maggie) All right? Maggie thinks about this for a moment.  She takes a deep
68) 0) text: Establishing of Ike's car driving.
69) 0) text: Maggie and Ike ride along.
69) 1) dialog: My dad managed a business and two mistresses.  He wanted me to be a novelist.  More? Maggie nods, IKE (cont'd) My mother wanted me to become a musician.  0 for two.  But at least I'm a journalist and we all know journalism is literature in a hurry.
70) 0) text: Ike and Maggie stare forward.  Both seem in melancholy mo They're beginning to sense they're in trouble here.  Sudd the car falters and jerks.  It shows to a stop on the sho the road.  The car backfires and smokes.
71) 0) text: Ike and Maggie sit in the steaming car for a moment.
71) 2) dialog: Can you fix it?
71) 4) dialog: (removing his glasses) Of what?
71) 6) dialog: Kind of isolated.
71) 8) dialog: There's one thing we New Yorkers know how to do is hail a cab.  If there's no cab, we walk. Ike stares off down the road.  Maggie indicates a buildin the distance, then turns off the car lights.
71) 10) dialog: Snakes?  Are you serious?  I don't like snakes.  I've never even seen a snake. He steps carefully into the field, then hops gingerly tow
71) 13) dialog: No.  But I think attraction is too often mistaken for rightness. Attraction is very misleading.  And if it's mutual, it's well, terribly distracting.
71) 15) dialog: (breaking the moment jokingly) "Tools". She climbs over the fence on her own and Ike follows.  Th an old guy, LIONEL, whittling on a porch. MAGGIE (cont'd) Lionel, can I borrow some tools?
71) 16) dialog: Yeah, we need a half and nine- sixteenths.
71) 18) dialog: You're sure well known around here.
74) 3) dialog: This is about her negative attention, not mine.  Did you get the reimbursement for the dress yet?
74) 5) dialog: I don't know. Ellie enters the kitchen, hears the question and shakes h to herself.  If only these boys would give it up.
75) 1) dialog: (into phone) Look -- I'll be in there later today. I'll come by and tell you all about it.
75) 3) dialog: (into phone) Yeah.
75) 5) dialog: (into phone) Okay, we'll order out.
76) 0) text: The bar from the opening scene.  GEORGE SWILLING, the sam Ike talked to before, is sitting on a stool, nursing his He looks better.  Ike enters.  George looks up and recogn Ike, who takes the bar stool next to him.
76) 1) dialog: Get this man a Kamikaze.
76) 3) dialog: (whispers) You could have told me you were fiance number three.
76) 5) dialog: Thanks.
76) 7) dialog: Well, I'm writing another article on the cacophony.
76) 9) dialog: Guess you'd know about that.  You're an entomologist, right?  How's business?
76) 11) dialog: (sarcastic) Neuter a locust, feed the world.
76) 14) dialog: I don't think that's why she ran.
76) 16) dialog: I don't know.  I'm working on it.  I was on the wrong track.
76) 18) dialog: No.  I call it like I see it.  I'm a journalist.  I'm a truth teller.
76) 20) dialog: Oh, please!
76) 22) dialog: (protecting, taking his tape recorder out of his pocket) I'm writing an article, I'm getting paid to do this, it's going to be a cover story, it's going to be published ... The facts will be read someday. As George pauses in the doorway, Ike holds up his tape re IKE (cont'd) What kind of eggs did she like?
77) 0) text: Ike walks down a street toward Ellie and Fisher.
78) 0) text: Ellie is on the phone as Fisher enters with beer.  Ike si the piano.
78) 5) dialog: No... They're interesting guys.  Each one of these guys has something going for him.  I mean, one's been up Everest. Another's become a priest.  One's a pretty good guitar player.  And this guy today tried to end world hunger, if you can believe that...
78) 8) dialog: (sits) But one of those guys -- not one of them -- knew her at all.  Each one was convinced that she was perfect for them, but they didn't see her.  And she never showed up so they couldn't see her. It's a very symbolic thing happening. She becomes what she thinks they wanted to be. Fisher doesn't like the sound of this.  He glances at Ell is looking very interested.
78) 11) dialog: Is that what I did to you?  Is that what happened?  Did I just not see you?
78) 13) dialog: (heartfelt) Well -- I'm sorry, I'm really sorry, Ellie.
80) 0) text: It's a small barn that's been converted into a luau with A BAND plays for two hula dancers.  The Trouts had decora as a little slice of Hawaii.  There are tiki lights, nume rented plastic palm trees and fiberglass copies of Hawaii statuary.  Strings of colored lights crisscross the ceili It looks like a Hawaiian high school gym on prom night. Maggie's family, Mrs. Trout and people we've already met, more, are here, milling around wit tropical drinks garnis with umbrellas.  Plastic leis abound and most people have managed to find their old Hawaiian shirts. As we come in, the hula dancers finish their applause and Trout announces.  Hula dancers stop.
80) 12) dialog: You got something without a toy in it?
80) 16) dialog: Aloha.  That's a very fetching headdress you're wearing. Ike leans into Maggie, enjoying the smell of her hair.  S notices, but acts casual.
80) 18) dialog: Missed me bad, huh?
80) 26) text: Ike watches as Maggie takes the heat, raising her glass a with the others.  Bob raises his glass like the good spor Ike can't believe it.
80) 29) dialog: I don't know, give me a minute. (to Maggie) Are you all right with this?
80) 31) dialog: Are you all right with this?  You think this is funny?
80) 33) dialog: I don't and I don't think you should...
80) 36) dialog: You want me to make a toast?  Okay... I'll give you a toast.  To Maggie's family and friends.  May you find yourselves the bull's eye of an easy target.  May you be publicly flogged for all of your bad choices and may your noses to rubbed in all of your mistakes... Ike watches their reaction.  The silence is deafening.  A guests stare at Maggie.  Mortified, she holds back tears.
81) 0) text: Ike runs after Maggie.  He grabs her arm and turns her to
81) 1) dialog: I'm the only goddamn person in there pulling for you.
81) 3) dialog: No, Maggie, I defended you. Humiliating you is what everyone else is doing.  It's the theme of this party.
81) 5) dialog: Well, they should.  Because they're about to watch you hang yourself again. Maggie has no response. IKE (cont'd) -- Tell me something, do you really care about Mount Everest?
81) 7) dialog: Or the sexual habits of locusts?
81) 9) dialog: What kind of Dead Head gets a temporary tattoo?
81) 11) dialog: And where you ever really going to run the leper colony in Molokai?
81) 13) dialog: Or maybe you just wanted to wear the headdress.
81) 15) dialog: Supportive?  You weren't being supportive.  You were being scared. Just like now.  You are the most lost woman I have ever laid eyes on.
81) 17) dialog: That's right.  You're so lost you don't even know how you like your eggs.
81) 19) dialog: With the priest, you liked them scrambled.  With the Dead Head, fried. With the bug guy, poached.  Now it's egg whites only, thank you very much.
81) 21) dialog: No, that's called not having a mind of your own.  What are you doing, Maggie? You really want to let that man drag you up Annapuma on your honeymoon?  You don't want to climb Annapuma.
81) 23) dialog: No you don't.  You want a man who will lead you down the beach with his head over your eyes just so you can discover the feel of the sand under your feet. You want a guy who will take you into a cave with a thousand candles just to read you a poem.  You want a man to wake you up at dawn because he's burning to talk to you and he can't wait another minute to find out what you'll say.  Am I right? He's laid her flat.  Maggie can't speak. IKE (cont'd) Am I right? She fights back angry tears.
83) 0) text: They are in the church proper now.  Peggy waits in a pew leads Maggie and Ike up the back steps of the church.
83) 3) dialog: I'd rather not.
85) 2) dialog: (taking off his jacket) At this pace, it could be an evening wedding.
85) 6) text: Maggie raises her eyes and sees Ike in front of her as gr Ike and Maggie lock gazes.  If they had to, they couldn't away.  All the things unspoken are now communicated -- th the longing. MAGGIE (cont'd) I streak towards the goal line. Maggie's pace quickens. MAGGIE (cont'd) And I land on the goal line.
85) 7) text: Bob beams to see Maggie's eager arrival at Ike's side.  H switches off the music and proceeds like a proud coach to pastor.
85) 9) text: Bob's smile dies.  Cindy's mouth drops open as the kiss g and on.  Peggy loses control and screams. BOB (cont'd) Maggie!!!!? Like a bucket of water thrown on two dogs, Ike and Maggie startled out of their kiss.  They pull apart and smile at other. ANGLE ON:  Bob. BOB (cont'd) (furious) If you were imagining me, you did great. (to Ike) What the hell were you doing?
85) 10) dialog: (eyes on Maggie) I'm sorry, Bob.  She kissed me back.
85) 14) dialog: A little longer for me.
85) 17) dialog: How about -- "I hope you'll be very happy together"? Bob hauls back and punches Ike in the face.  Ike drops.
86) 4) dialog: I don't know.  I, uh -- I frankly don't even want to talk about it.
86) 6) dialog: (blathering) I love you.  I love you.
86) 8) dialog: Wait.  We have to talk.  We have to do some talking now.  Pull up a railing. Maggie sits on the railing, then Ike backs up and sits on opposite railing. IKE (cont'd) You have to go down an aisle and say "I do".  You have to get married.
86) 10) dialog: Me? Ike backs up to opposite railing and sits facing Maggie.
86) 12) dialog: (thinks) Well, you do have the dress.
86) 14) dialog: And the wedding date.  There's the two of us. (beat) So, you think... maybe... You have to go down the aisle with somebody you love and who love you back.
86) 16) dialog: So am I.
86) 19) dialog: I'm getting married.
87) 0) text: Ike drives up and parks in front of the hotel as he talks cell phone.
90) 0) text: Ike and Maggie fishing.
92) 0) text: Ike and Maggie have fun playing cards.  The game is slapj
93) 0) text: Maggie and Ike horseback riding.  They sit on their horse amongst trees, "nuzzling".  Ike reads as he pushes Maggie tire swing.
94) 0) text: Ike and Maggie open and close a Hoberman ball by holding opposite ends in their teeth.  Grandma looks in.
95) 0) text: There is a fire in the fireplace.  Maggie and Ike sit as shows Maggie some passages from his favorite books.  He's reading something from Yeats at the moment.  They seem ha
98) 0) text: Ike pulls up slowly.  GUESTS peer through the his car win wave.  Ike rubs his headache.
99) 0) text: Ike stops the car where it is and jumps out, slamming the anger.  The REPORTERS swarm around him as he gets out of They continue to pound him with questions as he walks to steps.  An OLDER LADY smacks him on the shoulder with a newspaper.  He turns in astonishment and continues up the steps.  He charges up the stairs and grabs Lee.
99) 1) dialog: Shoot ours so she has one with an ending. Mrs. Pressman stands, shooting Ike with her video camera. IKE (cont'd) (pleading) Mrs. Pressman, please.
99) 3) dialog: No, I'm not. Ike retreats into the church.  Lee comes up to him again video camera:  CHUFFA about Scorsese.
100) 0) text: As Fisher and Ellie sign the guest book, a LOCAL LADY sta Ellie.  Ellie stares back at her until she leaves.  Ike w away from Lee and turns smack into Ellie and Fisher.  Ike his arms around them and gives them a big hug.
100) 1) dialog: Friends.  Thank you.  Thank you. Over Ellie's shoulder, Ike sees Fisher's grinning face. IKE (cont'd) We are friends, aren't we, Fisher?
100) 3) dialog: Then you'll be my best man.
100) 5) dialog: Go talk to the pastor and he'll tell you what to do.  And someone will tell me what to do.
100) 7) text: Bob comes up to Ike.  He looks like he's going to punch I abruptly holds out a rose boutonniere.
100) 9) dialog: (sarcastically) Thank you. Bob hands the flower to Ike.  Ike is shaking.  Bob catche and looks up to Ike.  It is a moment of clean honesty bet men.
100) 11) dialog: Really?
100) 13) dialog: Got any last minute advice?
100) 15) dialog: (to himself) Eye contact.  Eye contact. Out of the corner of his eye, Ike sees a pictures of Chri wall.  He leans into the picture and whispers. IKE (cont'd) Cover me. He walks into the chapel.
101) 0) text: Ike steps up and stands next to Fisher.
101) 2) dialog: Your job is... the ring. (to Fisher) Do you have the ring?!
101) 5) dialog: Thank you.
101) 10) dialog: Mrs. Trout, go back to your seat!
103) 6) text: Cindy and Peggy enter with the confident air of people wh done this before.  They make it to the head of the aisle quickly.  Peggy gives Ike a wink and an encouraging smile
105) 1) text: The aisle stretches before her into infinity.  Faces gogg her from every direction.  The tiny figure of Ike stands beacon a long way off.
105) 3) text: Ike rocks imperceptibly, urging her on.  Peggy and Cindy little "come on" motions.  It seems to be working.  Maggi approaches rapidly.  The CROWD has turned from skepticism looks and noises of encouragement.
105) 6) text: But Ike is too busy maintaining eye contact.  His eyes ur Maggie closer -- loving her, willing her on.
105) 7) text: Maggie stops her walk, gives Ike a teasing smile, and the resumes with her walk toward him.  His face.  Her face. face.  Her face.
105) 9) text: A sigh now rises from the GUESTS as Maggie closes in on I smiles at her.  She smiles at him.  She is almost there.. there, smiling at Ike.  The Pastor gestures to the guests down.  They do.
105) 10) text: Ike sneezes.  She looks down and imagines she sees the ca splitting apart.  And she bolts like a bat out of hell! flurry of white, she is halfway down the aisle before Ike what hits him.
105) 11) text: Ike stands there dazed.  For a second.  Then she springs action, charging after her.
105) 12) dialog: (yelling out) Block the doors! Like a general, he points to Dennis and Cory in the back sends them into action.  The doors shut in Maggie's face. she's a wild animal cornered.   She moves to the side.  T TOWNSPEOPLE stand so Ike can hurry through the pew.  Ike on the pews towards her as GUEST crowd the aisle, blockin path.  Like a gazelle, she leaps to the side aisle and sc down and away.  Fisher gets on his cell phone.  Ike charg one of the full pews, crosses the aisle and leaps across near the staircase to cut her off.  He grabs her veil and comes off in his hands.  Maggie disappears down the steps church basement.  Ike fumble with the veil and jumps over railing, landing on Dennis' toe.  He follows down the sta after her.  Mrs. Pressman and Walter exchange bet money.
106) 2) dialog: Maggie! The KIDS mob him, grabbing his pockets.  Ike fights his w through KIDS.
106) 4) text: Ike as he gets to the window, but Maggie is out in drivew
107) 1) text: She gathers her dress and jumps in as Ike yells from wind then, quickly climbs out onto the lawn as the truck start pull away.
107) 2) dialog: Maggie! Maggie looks back once, tearful and regretful, and disapp inside the truck.  The truck races off. The PHOTOGRAPHERS turn their cameras on Ike, en masse.  H enveloped by a barrage of bright lights. Ellie and Fisher, who have also stepped outside on chapel steps, are looking around as Ike turns around the corner past the church.
107) 6) dialog: (running; yells) Maggie!
107) 9) dialog: Maggie! As the truck rounds the bend in the road and disappears, stops and stares alone after the disappearing truck.  A s REPORTERS catch up to him, flashing pictures and asking questions.  Another camera flashes and we cut to:
110) 0) text: It's a night like any other in Hale -- the regular order things has been restored on its quaint streets.  Quartet in front of the hotel.  LEE AND CORY CHUFFA:  About where is.
112) 0) text: Ike walks up to his door, carrying his mail and a bag of carryout.  He opens the door and walks into his apartment pets Italics, who sits on his sofa bed.  Without taking o coat, he goes to his keyboard and plays music as he CHUFF his cat about marriage and divorce.
114) 0) text: Ike goes out on his terrace.  He bounces a basketball.  I doesn't bounce.  He sits on the steps of the patio an sta
117) 0) text: Ike quietly sits in bed writing and staring into space th His cat sits on the windowsill.
122) 0) text: Ike crosses a busy street where a MAN is being arrested. passing the upscale "Millennium Hardware Store".  He glan the window, looks away, stops and looks again.  The windo display is made up of an assortment of Maggie's lamps.  L "MAG" is on them.  He smiles and walks on.
123) 0) text: Ike stares out at water as he walks.
124) 0) text: Ike walks along sidewalk, crosses street, enters his buil
125) 0) text: Ike opens the door to his apartment and flicks on the lig crosses to hang his coat in the closet.  In the closet mi sees and is stunned to find:  MAGGIE, sitting on the couc holding Italics, the cat.
125) 2) dialog: Don't tell me.  My doorman is one of your many admires... I knew I should have given him a better Christmas gift. Maggie smiles tenuously.  She's more than a little terrif
125) 4) dialog: I don't have much choice in the matter now, do I?  But I can't speak for Italics. (to Cat) Traitor! He moves to the kitchen.
125) 6) dialog: Livid is good.  So what is it, Maggie? You here on business?  I saw your lamps. They're terrific.
125) 8) dialog: You actually could make breaking and entering into a new career. (after opening the glass doors) So, what are you doing here?
125) 10) dialog: (after sitting) Does it matter?
125) 12) dialog: Yes, I did.
125) 14) dialog: No, I couldn't fix anything... (as he gets up) But I still ended up chasing a truck. Ike moves out to the balcony.  After a moment, Maggie fol
126) 0) text: The balcony overlooks Central Park.  The twinkling lights city stretch out across the beautiful night.  Ike looks o the view with his back to Maggie as she speaks.
126) 2) dialog: Should I be writing this down? She returns to the balcony and hands him the box. IKE (cont'd) What's this?
126) 4) dialog: Used?
126) 6) dialog: This is getting serious. Now she is glowing at him, shining with the full force of
126) 8) dialog: (laughing) Oh my God.  No. Maggie smiles up at him.  Ike tips his head back and cove eyes with his hand.
126) 10) dialog: Maggie, I gotta think about this a little bit. Maggie hops cheerfully back to her feet.
126) 12) dialog: (laughing) You were not.
126) 14) dialog: I'm listening.
126) 16) dialog: Pretty good speech, Maggie.
126) 18) dialog: Dance with me. They start to dance a slow dance.
127) 0) text: We see a hill and on top of it is a Pastor marrying Maggi Ike, in beautiful wedding attire.  We see Maggie walk dow leaf-lined aisle to a waiting Ike.  They kiss as we hear and hear them each say "I do".  They kiss a twirling, whi kiss, a circular kiss.  We hear the applause of about twe people.  Slowly, we see the twenty people come over the c the hill.  They are all Maggie's family and friends, plus old grooms.  They are all paired in twos, like a love Noa We see others get the news.
132) 1) text: Maggie and Ike finally break the kiss.  Ike takes her han walks her to two horses.  Ike and Maggie, on the two hors off happily in their wedding clothes.  As the group cheer Maggie throws bouquet.  We see it float in the air. FADE TO BLACK.