1) 1) text: The rider is a bride -- a beautiful woman dressed in a disheveled wedding gown, it's train tattered and flying l knight's banner out behind her. This is MAGGIE CARPENTER. The horse is frothing and wild-eyed, like the bride, who to look behind her in terror.  The horse's labored breath mingles with Maggie's panicked gasps. We see a WEDDING BOUQUET fly into a ditch as the horse th on.  Maggie clings to the reins.  She looks as though she running from the devil himself.
12) 0) text: PEGGY and MRS. PRESSMAN exit the parlor and stroll down t street. (lowers her paper and reads.) PEGGY (cont'd) "... And in Hale, Maryland where she helps run the family hardware store." (to the Women) We have to go to Maggie.  Cindy, mind the shop. (exits salon; continues reading) "... She is known as Miss Maggie Carpenter, AKA, the Runaway Bride."
13) 8) dialog: (bright) Here we go!  One antique hot water handle with the "HOT" still on it, guaranteed to fit any American Standard cast iron tub with a four-inch center made between 1924 and 1938.  In other words, I think you're out of the doghouse with Mrs. Paxton.
13) 10) dialog: Alright, Mr. Paxton, I'll put it on your account. Maggie rounds the bend, another customer, EARL, stands by paint machine.
13) 12) dialog: (walking past customer) You don't need an air conditioner, Earl, you just need an attic fan -- There's more in the back. Maggie steps behind the front counter of the store and ta account book out.  Her voice trails off as she sees the d expression on the faces of her friends. MAGGIE (cont'd) What? Peggy nervously mentions the newspaper.
13) 14) dialog: (serious) Yes, I've seen it.  And I have to say it's the rudest and most offensive... joke anybody's ever played on me! To their amazement, Maggie starts smiling. MAGGIE (cont'd) You guys!  How long did this take you? Maggie stays amused. MAGGIE (cont'd) Where'd you get this done? (laughing) You creeps!  I should disinvite you! And why did you say seven times?  This is four.
13) 17) dialog: Um, you know, now would be a good moment to tell me this is fake. (no response) It won't be funny if you drag it out. Okay? (no response) Okay, well... I mean, I can find out... Real newspapers smear.  Phoney papers don't. She picks up the paper and brushes it against her apron, an INK SMEAR!! She nearly kneels over. MAGGIE (cont'd) (sitting) Bag. Peggy and Mrs. Pressman immediately spring to her side. give her a bag to breathe in.
14) 0) text: We see Maggie kickboxing in anger.  The radio is on.  She suddenly stops, yanks Ike's article off the wall, leaves workout area and goes to her desk.
14) 2) dialog: "Dear Editor..."
15) 0) text: As Maggie's VOICE-OVER continues to read her letter, we t a Manhattan busy day.  It is big, loud, and anonymous. MAGGIE (V.O.; cont'd) "Greeting from the sticks!  Perhaps you believe that a rural education is focused mainly on hog calling and tractor maintenance rather than reading. Why else would you print a piece of fiction about me and call it fact?" Te CAMERA FINDS Ike, striding across a busy street, dodgi taxies.  A WOMAN smacks him with a newspaper.  He passes TRAFFIC OFFICER, then a hot dog stand.  He greets and pas FALAFEL VENDOR.  THE CAMERA PANS to a USA Today Truck. MAGGIE (V.O.; cont'd) "I suppose Mr. Graham was too busy thinking us slanderous statements about how I dump men for kicks to bother with something silly like accuracy in reporting.  Which is understandable, because with a "man-eater" like me on the loose, who has time to check facts?"
16) 0) text: He passes regular GUYS who cheer him. MAGGIE (V.O.; cont'd) "Still, we cannibalistic queens can get pretty cranky when we see things in print that hurt our feelings, like that we deliberately abandon fiances with malice aforethought."
18) 0) text: He walks through the crowded city room.  His arrival attr lot of attention from his CO-WORKERS.  Ike seems a little surprised, but he's pleased. MAGGIE (V.O.; cont'd) "That's why I was surprised to find Mr. Graham's editor was a woman. Call me a sentimental fool, but I sort of hoped we man-eater could stick together." Ike works his way down the hall to the editor's office. Ike greets various workers.  He steps up to the editor's secretary, ELAINE.  She doesn't smile.
19) 0) text: ELLIE is that editor.  Stylish and successful looking, sh about Ike's age.  Ellie sits behind a big desk with a sco her pretty face.  Her casual-looking husband, Fisher, sit nonchalantly on the arm of the couch.  Ike enters as Elli Maggie's letter.
22) 0) text: Maggie skips back into her house which she shares with Fa and Grandma.  A cozy and eclectic place creatively furnis a shoe-string.  She rushes into:  KITCHEN WHERE BOB KELLY fiance #4, is packing cans into a backpack.  Bob, 38, has pleasant face and a body that is almost shockingly buff. wearing a T-shirt that reads: "Mountaineers Do It Against Wall.", Maggie dances over, waving the paper and singing.
22) 1) dialog: She canned him, she canned him... Bob test the weight of the backpack adding dehydrate food
22) 3) dialog: Listen: "Dear Ms. Carpenter, I apologize to you for this unfortunate matter.  Ike Graham's column will no longer be appearing in this paper. Best of luck in you upcoming marriage!" Bob continues to hold up the weight of the backpack as he it onto Maggie's shoulders.
30) 0) text: Cindy, the manicurist, does Mrs. Pressman's nails.  Maggi on the floor next to Peggy's salon chair, fixing the base barber chair.  She tightens a screw and looks up, satisfi Cindy's dog is on the floor near Maggie.
30) 1) dialog: Cindy, you better 86 Sprout.  He seems to be enjoying the petroleum distillates. Cindy rolls over in her chair, picks up her dog and rolls to her station.
30) 3) dialog: (to Peggy) Okay -- have a seat... gently, carefully. Peggy sits in the chair.  Maggie spins her around and aro
30) 5) dialog: I didn't even need to change this gasket, just put in a little hydraulic fluid.
30) 21) dialog: (yelling to Peggy) Reporter?
30) 23) dialog: I hope you have a different angle. It's pretty much all been covered.
30) 25) dialog: Excellent.
30) 27) dialog: She's the boss.
30) 33) dialog: She swallowed her gun. Mrs. Pressman continues her story to Ike.
30) 37) text: Maggie indicates column to Peggy.  She looks over at the the shop used to wash and dye hair.  There's a sink, stoo cabinet affixed to the wall above sink, which holds vario shampoos and hair dyes.  Maggie gets an idea.  Maggie and step forward toward Ike.
30) 38) dialog: Well, instead of a haircut, how about a wash?  You know, get all that city grit out of it.
30) 41) dialog: Have a seat.  Peggy, why don't you give him the special treatment that strengthens the follicles. Ike sits in the chair near the sink.  Maggie shakes out a and puts it around Ike. MAGGIE (cont'd) So, what do you want to know? Ike leans and rests his head on the sink.  Peggy bends ov and wets his hair.  She grabs various hair coloring produ
30) 43) dialog: Nervous?  Not at all!  No.  I've never been more certain in my life.  Except -- I am having all kinds of weird dreams. Ike pulls the cloth down from over his face.
30) 45) dialog: Yes.
31) 1) dialog: In another one... PETE, wearing a hat, comes in the front door of the salon
31) 3) dialog: I'm inside the church.  Everyone I know is there, only they're not really them. They're like Frankenstein monsters, but without the bolts coming out of their necks.  It's all very "Night of the Living Dead".  And here's the creepiest part -- I look down at my dress and it's red.  I mean, I have no idea what it means.  Red's not my color! Ike listens intently and stares steadily into her eyes. removes the towel.  His hair is divided into equal parts dyed orange and red. MAGGIE (cont'd) So what do you think? Ike stares back at her, the tickle of suspicion creeping spine.
31) 6) dialog: You're all ready for football season, Mr. Graham. Ike stares at his hair in total confusion.  With icy calm rises from his chair and primps the end of his hair as if it the finishing touches.  Then he sees his defaced newsp clipping and all becomes clear.  He picks up the article shows it to everyone.  Ike does a slow burn.
31) 10) dialog: (to Peggy) He seems crabby.
32) 0) text: In front of beauty salon, Maggie follows Ike out.
32) 1) dialog: If you're looking for Elm Street, it's that way. She puts on her sunglasses.
32) 3) dialog: If you came down here in the pursuit of happiness, you might as well go back. Because you can't make me feel bad. She stops walking and turns to Ike.
32) 5) dialog: You have one? Ike walks back to Maggie.
32) 7) dialog: Did something happen to make you care about reality?
32) 9) dialog: You're going to be very disappointed.
32) 11) dialog: I'd love to stay and chat, but I've got to get back to work.  I still have my job. He stares at her for a beat, stung by her words.
32) 12) dialog: I have nothing to hide, Mr. Graham. Talk to whoever you want.  You might actually stumble upon a fact or two. Maggie walks away.  Ike walks a few steps and stops at a a bike.
33) 0) text: Maggie pulls into the driveway in her truck.  She's in a mood as she walks right in the house.
34) 0) text: Bob, Walter, and Maggie's GRANDMOTHER JULIA sit in the li room.  Grandma is sewing one of Maggie's wedding veils. drinks wine, Ike wears a hat.
34) 2) dialog: You'll never guess who came crawling into town with his tail between his legs. IKE (o.s.) Who? Maggie enters the parlor to see Ike smiling evilly from h on the couch. IKE (cont'd) (innocently) Hello, Maggie.  I just came by to apologize to your family. (looks to Walter) When I'm wrong, I'm wrong.  I pushed a story.  I made a mistake.
34) 6) dialog: You've got to be kidding me. Maggie stares at them both.
34) 8) dialog: So, the forces of good and evil have already met. Maggie takes the wine bottle from the table next to Walte snaps a look to Bob, who follows her.
35) 1) dialog: This is good, Dad, don't leave anything out. Ike's hammer flies out of his hand.  He goes to pick it u
35) 3) dialog: Not this one.  This one's on me. Walter reacts.
35) 5) dialog: Despite what you think, I don't do it on purpose.  And I have no intention of doing it again.
35) 9) dialog: (boasting) Bob's the head of the P.E. department at the high school.  And he coaches the football team.  And he's climbed Everest. To Maggie's satisfaction, Ike shoots Bob a look of begrud respect.  Nobody who's been up Everest is a total clown.
35) 11) dialog: Twice...
35) 13) dialog: (sticking it to Ike) Without oxygen...
35) 16) dialog: (sharply) We think so.
37) 0) text: Establishing.  High angle wide shot of a bakery in Hale. exits a neighboring shop and walks down the block.  He pa front of the bakery to take a look at Maggie's truck.  As does, a middle-aged Black WOMAN walks by and whacks him w newspaper.  Ike is stunned as she walks off.  He turns to sitting on a bench.
38) 0) text: CLOSE ON a group of plastic grooms and brides on a counte MRS. TROUT is behind the counter helping Maggie with a se of grooms for her wedding cake.  The groom figures are sp on the counter.  All sizes and colors, some attached to b some solo, some tuxes, some in dinner jackets.
38) 2) dialog: No, he's no good.  Too blond.
38) 4) dialog: Too dark. Then, Ike comes up behind her as she discards another gro
38) 13) dialog: (all smiles for Mrs. Trout) Grandma made me the cutest outfit.  I can't wait to show it to you.
38) 18) dialog: No, I'm sure he doesn't.
38) 20) dialog: (exasperated) Is that what you're going to do now? Follow me around everywhere I go? Ike smiles at Maggie enigmatically as he picks up his ord heads for the door.
38) 24) dialog: He's not a nice person. Maggie hands Mrs. Trout her bride and broom figures.  Mag looks at Mrs. Trout, suddenly nervous.  She dashes out. Trout imitates Ike bamming the bride and groom, laughing.
39) 0) text: Various High School SPORTS TEAMS practice.  Maggie stride the football field, a scowl on her face.  A few HIGH SCHO FOOTBALL PLAYERS job past Maggie, doing laps.  A boy, KEN calls out to her affectionately as she passes.  One of th DENNIS, slows his pace to run alongside Maggie.
39) 2) dialog: You're jail bait, Dennis.  Go away. Run your laps.  Go. Go. Dennis runs on as Maggie continues toward her goal: Bob a standing together on the other side of the field.
39) 5) dialog: (indicating Ike) What is he up to now?
39) 8) dialog: Bob -- are you making friends with this man?
39) 13) dialog: At the wedding?  You invite him?  Bob, don't you realize he's writing another article about me?
39) 15) dialog: You don't understand this guy.
39) 17) dialog: (irritably) I'm not running.
39) 19) dialog: I've got news for you.  No amount of sugar and water is going to turn like Graham into something you want to take on a picnic. Bob gives Maggie a big hug.
40) 0) text: Maggie kneels, hands folded reverently.  The booth's grat before her.
40) 1) dialog: Bless me, Father, for I have sinned. My last confession was... ahh... She tries to recall. MAGGIE (cont'd) ... Anyway, I have sort of a technical question here.  I've been having -- bad thoughts.  I mean, really bad thoughts ...
40) 3) dialog: No -- like -- I'm having a problem with that whole turn-the-other-cheek concept. I want revenge.  I want to destroy this guy's life, career, everything. On the sin scale, how big is that?  I mean, can I "Hail Mary" my way out of it?
40) 5) dialog: (impatient) The name's Maggie.  It wasn't this side of ten years ago that you had your tongue down my throat.  So don't call me "child", Brian.  It annoys me.
40) 7) dialog: (still inside the booth) Brian, open up.  Don't ignore me. Brian leans into her confessional.  She steps out to join
40) 9) dialog: I'm sorry.  I'm just so stressed out about that slime-ball reporter being in town.  I jus had to come warn you he might show up here and start asking you all kinds of ridiculous questions. Brian moves away.  Maggie follows and sits in a nearby pe
40) 11) dialog: (sliding along the pew) What?  You talked to him!  Did you tell him we dated before you were a priest?
40) 13) dialog: What did he ask? A woman, MRS. MURPHY, rushes in.
40) 18) dialog: And what did you say?
40) 20) dialog: (relieved) Good one!  Thanks.
40) 22) dialog: God... Of course.  I'm sorry -- I mean, I'm... (sighs) Brian -- I've got to go.  The man's a lunatic, but I know exactly where he's going next.
40) 24) dialog: Oh, wait, my purse. She moves to the confessional, knocks, then speaks to Mrs MAGGIE (cont'd) Excuse me, sorry, forgot my purse. Good luck. Maggie closes the booth curtain and turns to Brian. MAGGIE (cont'd) Wait -- what was the ridiculous question he asked? Brian smiles mischievously.
40) 26) dialog: Weird.  Like after all those years you would remem-- She starts to go, then stops in her tracks as she hears:
40) 28) dialog: (tenderly) I'm really sorry that I hurt you, Brian.
40) 30) dialog: Of course.
40) 32) dialog: Of course. And she scampers out.  Brian goes back into the confessio
41) 0) text: Maggie drives up to an old brick firehouse that is now an garage.  The faded sign reads: "Gill's Garage".
42) 0) text: Maggie rushes inside and looks around.  No one is in sigh Several cars, including a yellow jeep-like car up on a hy lift, are in the funky garage.
42) 1) dialog: Gill?  Lydia?  Gill? A CRASH, coming from the nearby back room, we hear loud m in Spanish, then out stumbles GILL CHAVEZ, 34, wearing a stained Grateful Dead tie-dyed T-shirt.  He grins triumph worshipfully cradling a CASSETTE TAPE in his hands.
42) 3) dialog: Found what? Gill looks up and gives Maggie a fond, hazy smile.
42) 5) dialog: (shouts over the music) Listen, Gill -- There's this reporter who's ben making my life a living hell ... If he comes by here, don't talk to him.  And whatever yo do.... (crosses to Gill) ... Don't show him that picture of me at the concert in San Francisco -- Suddenly, a loud CHUCKLING emanates from the car overhead MAGGIE (cont'd) What was that? Maggie stops Gill from playing.  She shoots her ex an ang and moves a lever on the shop wall.  With a HUM, the car
42) 8) dialog: Give me that!
42) 11) dialog: I'm not gonna show you guys anything. I am a soon-to-be-married woman.  Now give me that photograph. Maggie seethes.
42) 13) dialog: Fine.  Here. Maggie quickly turns around and pulls down the back of he revealing the top of her back and a pristine expanse of s tattoo. MAGGIE (cont'd) (turning back around) Satisfied?
42) 18) dialog: (admitting) I'm really, really afraid of needles... It doesn't make me a bad person. Ike laughs.  Maggie looks at him with rage.  Gill dramati pulls down the front of his t-shirt.
42) 21) dialog: He is not! Maggie moves the lever on the wall again, sending Ike bac the ceiling in the car.  She grabs the photo from Ike and
43) 0) text: As Maggie drives into town with Peggy, they see Ike on po SHERIFF, POLICE CHIEF and MAIL    MAN, all playing instru a blues band.  Ike is not bad on slide guitar.  They all Ike. Maggie "CHUFFAS" with Peggy and moves on.
44) 3) text: Maggie and Peggy, cheering loudly.  Peggy tries to whoop than Maggie, but that would be tough.  From firs base, Co back to them.  The two women sit back down and Maggie tak up with their conversation.  Maggie is still al steamed u
44) 4) dialog: Okay, he's on base.  Can we talk about my life now?  -- Ike's going to turn that tattoo stuff into a big deal -- that I was never serious about Gill, blah blah.  He's totally out to get me.
44) 6) dialog: That's what he says, but if he thinks that I don't realize he's writing another article, then he's an idiot.
44) 8) dialog: (sarcastic) Ya think?
44) 10) text: Cory as he runs for second base and with a slide beats th for the force out.  The women jump and cheer -- Maggie, a the most boisterous.
44) 11) text: Dennis recognizes Ike as he walks up.  Dennis tells Ike t is going to marry Maggie some day and shows Ike where Mag sitting.
44) 12) text: Maggie spots Ike as they sit back down.  She groans.
44) 13) dialog: There he is.  Snoop Doggy-Dogg.
44) 15) dialog: Over there.  Ten o'clock.  He's talking to our little Dennis.  Dennis will turn into one of those "sources say" things.
44) 17) dialog: I'd say you've been in the sun too long. You handle him, okay?  I could use five minutes off from that creep. Before Peggy can protest, Maggie climbs down off the blea and goes and stands near the dugout near the rest of Cory
44) 29) dialog: You've been here for three minutes. What did you do to her?
44) 31) dialog: (defensive) You misinterpret everything.  We've all been friends our whole lives.  But that's the types of relationship you wouldn't understand.
44) 33) dialog: See, I cheer good.  What is he, a cheer critic?
45) 0) text: Sitting in front of Inn Hale Bar, we see the BARTENDER pantomiming holding the reins of a wildly galloping horse seen something like this before.  Maggie's wild ride away her last wedding.  Ike laughs with Bartender just as Magg drives by the bar and sees this.
45) 1) dialog: (to herself) This guy never stops.
46) 0) text: Maggie walks up to the front desk of the hotel, where Lee sleeping with his feet up.  She knocks his feet off the c
46) 1) dialog: Lee, hey, wake up.  Give me the key to the reporter's room.  I want to snoop around.
46) 3) dialog: Thanks.
47) 0) text: Maggie walks towards Ike's room, checks that no one sees enters.
48) 0) text: Maggie lets herself in the modest room and turns on the l on.  She spots on audio cassette on the desk near the doo holds the cassette up to the light to read the hand-writt label.  It says "Miles Davis" on it.  She pockets the tap walks to the living room.
48) 1) text: Ike has placed post-its on a framed picture, using the fr bulletin board.  Post-it notes lay out the information he gathered under headings and subheadings.  Parents "Mother deceased, subheaded by "Walter" and there is one for "Bri "Gill", and "Bob".  Maggie smiles and shakes her head.  S one post-it down and reads it to herself.
48) 2) dialog: (reads) "How does she get all these guys to propose?  She's not that beautiful." (snorts) Bite me, paper boy. She begins ripping many of other post-it off the picture MAGGIE (cont'd) (as she takes post-its) Rude... She's ripping them down, fast and furious, then shoves th her shoulder bag.
50) 0) text: Ike's wrong.  Maggie is already trying to open the first bathroom window.  It's stuck.  She climbs over the bathtu opens that window and starts to climb out.
51) 1) dialog: You do that.  And remind him he's bringing the wine to the luau.  Thanks. She disappears around the ledge of the building and runs Ike's neighbor, Harvey, sits reading near his window.
53) 0) text: CLOSE ON:  A CASSETTE PLAYER.  We see the familiar handwr label: "Miles Davis."  "Kind of Blue" plays as Maggie lis a chair, looking shell-shocked, surrounded by the post-it stole from Ike's room.  We see as she reads them: "Father fisted drinker," "Peggy, best friend, but Peggy doesn't t trust Maggie," "Bob" -- doesn't love him.  Overwhelmed, s finishes reading the last note, leans back, puts her feet the table, deep in the mood of the melancholy music. The CAMERA MOVES on the last note on the floor next to he It reads: "SHOWS NO REMORSE". FADE TO BLACK.
55) 0) text: Peggy enters and starts about her opening duties.  She tu the lights and turns and sees her friend, Maggie.
55) 1) dialog: Do you think I flirt with Cory? Peggy stops in her track.  Maggie is sitting curled up in chair.  She looks like she hasn't slept.
55) 3) dialog: Thank you.  Do you think I flirt with Cory?
55) 5) dialog: I don't mean it. Peggy moves to the salon mirror near Maggie with her cup coffee.
55) 7) dialog: On anything male that moves?  As opposed to anything male that doesn't move? Peggy pours her coffee out of its Styrofoam cup into a ce
55) 9) dialog: I'm going to kill myself.
55) 11) dialog: Because you think I'm all like... "Hey man, check me out".
55) 13) dialog: But you haven't lost your mystery! You're very mysterious!
55) 15) dialog: But I'm weird.
55) 17) dialog: Peggy, there's distinct possibility that I might be profoundly and irreversibly screwed up.  Despite that, I love you and I can promise that I will no longer flirt with Cory, and I beg your forgiveness. Maggie looks ready to cry.
55) 19) dialog: I think you're right. (then) Is there anything I can do to make it up to you?
55) 21) dialog: It's only funny at Camp Birchwood at three in the morning at a tick hunt. It's not anymore. Maggie makes her funny face.  Peggy doesn't laugh.
55) 23) dialog: Thanks.  Will you fix my hair?
56) 0) text: Maggie exits her house, gets on her bike and rides off to town.
57) 0) text: Ike is still in bed.  He slowly blinks awake, stretches, about to  throw off the covers when Maggie's voice breaks silence.
57) 1) dialog: Freeze.  Hold on to those covers -- I didn't come here to see Ike Junior. Maggie smiles cheerfully at Ike from the foot of the bed. narrows his eyes at her.
57) 3) dialog: (deadpan) How do I do it?  I'm not that beautiful. Ike notices Maggie is holding two coffees.
57) 5) dialog: You're welcome.  Your notes made interesting bedtime reading -- if you like trashy fiction.  Your observations are distorted, ungrounded an incomplete. You must be very proud.
57) 7) dialog: My point is that one again, you're getting it all wrong.  That won't improve your reputation any, and it's not very flattering to me either.  So, I'm going to give you a chance to write the truth.
57) 9) dialog: I've decided to cooperate and let you interview me. (beat) For a thousand bucks. Ike clears his throat as he stands putting his pants on. MAGGIE (cont'd) I want a big wedding and a killer dress and for a grand I will answer all your questions and let you follow me around. Ike takes his coffee with him as he picks up his glasses, them on and crosses to the window.
57) 11) dialog: Oh, but making up the facts as you go along is ethical?  Actually, I meant you.  You probably got severance or expenses or both.  I'll take your check. No credit cards.
57) 13) dialog: Because I think you're writing on spec and with a first person interview, you might actually sell that thing. Ike knows she's right.
57) 15) dialog: Seven-fifty.
57) 17) dialog: Six-fifty.
58) 0) text: Ike jogs alongside of Maggie on her bike.  Maggie parks h and they go inside her door to the house.
59) 0) text: Maggie leads Ike upstairs to her workroom.
59) 1) dialog: Pardon the mess.  I haven't cleaned since the fifth grade.
60) 0) text: Insert on a cappuccino machine.  We PULL BACK and see Mag Ike standing at her work table.  An automatic cappuccino stands on the table.  Its base is made from a used paint machine.  It looks very shiny and futuristic.  Maggie's l "MAG" is on the side.  The machine shakes as it steams th cappuccino.  Ike notices another homemade machine on the IKE (cont'd) What's this over here?
60) 1) dialog: It's a birthday present for my cousin. Put your finger in.
60) 3) dialog: No, the other one. He puts his finger in the correct hole.  She turns it on. brushes rotate.
60) 5) dialog: I think so.
60) 7) dialog: Maybe someday.
60) 9) dialog: (stares at him) No, I'm not afraid.  Just... Maybe someday.
60) 11) dialog: What an incredible chauvinistic observation.
61) 0) text: Maggie's showing Ike engagement rings.
61) 1) dialog: That's Brian's.  He took me ut canoeing on the lake and gave me the ring in a velvet box. Ike snores.  Maggie hits him. MAGGIE (cont'd) (defensive) It was classic. Maggie hands Ike another ring.  This one is in the shape Grateful Dead rose. MAGGIE (cont'd) Gill.  Of course.  He proposed at the tie-dye t-shirt stand at a Dead concert. It was very sweet until he hallucinated that the drum set was a blood-sucking space alien.
61) 3) dialog: Still sweet. Maggie hands Ike a third ring.  It's in the shape of a bu and studded with multi-color gems. MAGGIE (cont'd) George.  He proposed at a butterfly farm in St. Thomas.  The ring was inside a cocoon.
61) 5) dialog: He's an entomologist!  I thought it was very unique. Now Maggie shows Ike the ring on her hand.  It's a gold " a diamond set into the number. MAGGIE (cont'd) And here we are at Bob.  He proposed during the seventh inning stretch... Ike touches her hand to examine the ring more closely.  H surprise at his touch shows on her face as she finishes h sentence. MAGGIE (cont'd) ... At an Oriole's game. She takes her hand down.  Ike steps away.
61) 7) dialog: It was one of the most wonderful moments of my life.  Cal Ripken even applauded.
61) 9) dialog: What do you mean?  It was incredibly romantic!
61) 11) dialog: I like it. She moves from the fireplace to a chair and sits. MAGGIE (cont'd) I'd like it better on a scoreboard. (lightly) Is that how you proposed when you asked your wife to marry you? Ike is taken aback. MAGGIE (cont'd) Don't look so surprised, you've got divorce written all over you.
61) 13) dialog: So?  Is that what you said to her?
61) 15) dialog: Now that's romantic.  A proposal like that and you didn't find eternal bliss? What went wrong? Ike takes a swallow of cappuccino.
61) 17) dialog: You don't know.
61) 19) dialog: Maybe you should ask her some time. Ever thought of that? Ike is restless.  He stands up.
61) 21) dialog: Fair enough. (thinks a beat) Actually... Maggie move to TV.  She picks up Ike's stolen post-it not her wedding video on top of the TV, and goes to the front MAGGIE (cont'd) I'll just need one more day to make sure your check clears.
62) 0) text: Ike and Maggie drive in Maggie's truck.  They pull up in a Bridal Shop. A spectacular dress fills the small window.  It's beautif romantic, sexy.  Maggie and Ike can be seen in the reflec
62) 1) dialog: Even with everything that's happened I've still never been married and I still deserve a beautiful dress.
63) 2) dialog: Mr. Whittenmeyer.  Hi, Polly! The flower girl sees Maggie and runs and hides behind Pol
63) 4) dialog: I didn't drag. (then to the girl) He tripped on his shoelaces. Mrs. Whittenmeyer comes forward to greet Maggie.
63) 6) dialog: (happily) Actually, I would like to get this dress. She points to the dress.  She smiles back to Mrs. Whitten expecting her to share her joy.  Mrs. Whittenmeyer darken
63) 8) dialog: (pleasantly) Yes.  But I've changed my mind.
63) 10) dialog: I have one thousand dollars.
63) 12) dialog: Is this dress for sale?
63) 14) dialog: Yeah, that's a good point. (then, sitting) The other dress is nice. Ike calls out to Mrs. Whittenmeyer.
63) 26) dialog: Fine.  The newspaper's upside down. That's better than fine.
63) 28) dialog: Bob!  I almost forgot!  I have to meet Bob!
64) 0) text: This is a great place -- a major hub of social life in Ha food is greasy and good, Mrs. Pressman is the waitress, a CROWD the essence of what is wonderful about a small town Maggie and Ike sit on the counter.  Mrs. Pressman CHUFFS the luau, then moves around the corner.
64) 4) dialog: I'll have the same.
64) 6) dialog: What was that?  I can't order  my eggs without sarcasm?
64) 8) dialog: (quietly) Right.
64) 11) dialog: You know, there's no... Before Maggie can finish, Ike intercepts her.
65) 2) dialog: Ike... Hi, Grandma.
65) 5) dialog: Actually, Grandma, I charmed the one- eyed snake awhile ago.
65) 7) dialog: Can you excuse us a minute? (then to Ike) May I have a word with you, please? Maggie moves toward door.
65) 9) dialog: I found this and didn't know if it was something interesting. Maggie hands Ike a 30-year-old LP: Miles Davis' "Kind of
65) 11) dialog: (casual) It was in the attic.  It was jus sitting there gathering dust.
65) 13) dialog: No.  You take it. She steps outside, leaving Ike with the record.
65) 15) dialog: No -- I'm cleaning an attic.  I wouldn't attempt the impossible. She turns and walks back to the diner where Mrs. Pressman outside watering plants.  Ike looks after Maggie and then down at the record in his hand.  Somehow it makes him sad
66) 0) text: Ike drives through Hale gobbling french fries from the fa bag in his lap.  Ike passes THE INN HALE BAR, same dump o tavern he talked to bartender at. ANGLE ON: MAGGIE'S CAR parked a few cars down.  He pulls and parks.  He gets out and speaks into his tape recorder
67) 0) text: Ike approaches the window of the bar.  There's a DRUNK MA DOG sitting outside.  Inside, we see two figures from the arms around each other.  One is definitely Maggie.  The o definitely not Bob.
67) 1) dialog: (coaxing) C'mon.  Let's go. As Maggie helps the man get up,  we see that it's Walter, father -- dead drunk.
67) 3) dialog: I'm not exactly having fun, either... Steady.
67) 5) dialog: His name is Skipper, Dad... Steady.
67) 7) dialog: (without difficulty) Ike... Please don't write anything about this --
67) 9) dialog: Watch your leg, Dad. (then to Ike) I'm so tired of this.
67) 13) dialog: Okay... I'll just grab my jacket.
69) 0) text: Maggie and Ike ride along.
70) 0) text: Ike and Maggie stare forward.  Both seem in melancholy mo They're beginning to sense they're in trouble here.  Sudd the car falters and jerks.  It shows to a stop on the sho the road.  The car backfires and smokes.
71) 0) text: Ike and Maggie sit in the steaming car for a moment.
71) 1) dialog: Your filter's clogged.  This takes unleaded.
71) 3) dialog: First I have to find some tools.  I need a half and a nine-six-tenth.
71) 5) dialog: (in amazement) Wrenches.  My dad's gonna love that one. Maggie slams the food closed.
71) 7) dialog: Yeah.  It's kind of nice. An uncomfortable silent pause.  Ike breaks the moment.
71) 9) dialog: I can get some tools over there.... and save the battery... There's one thing we country girls know how to do is cut across a field.  It's quicker. Maggie points diagonally across the field to where a gas sign glows and the lights from the outer house twinkle. He smiles and follows her into the field. MAGGIE (cont'd) Be careful of snakes.
71) 12) dialog: Do you think there's only one right person for everybody? Ike chooses his words carefully.
71) 14) dialog: Yes it is.  And it doesn't mean anything. Ike nods as they come to a wooden fence.  She puts her ha his shoulder.  Ike puts his hands around her waits to giv boost over the top.  We see the flicker of misunderstandi Maggie's face at the initial contact.  Neither of them mo forward or back, but the electricity is obvious. ANGLE ON:  Ike.  His conflicted feelings are apparent.  W difficulty, Maggie straightens up and they both quickly r their hands. MAGGIE (cont'd) (lightly) I suddenly forgot how to climb a fence. They look at each other for a moment, then:
71) 15) dialog: (breaking the moment jokingly) "Tools". She climbs over the fence on her own and Ike follows.  Th an old guy, LIONEL, whittling on a porch. MAGGIE (cont'd) Lionel, can I borrow some tools?
80) 0) text: It's a small barn that's been converted into a luau with A BAND plays for two hula dancers.  The Trouts had decora as a little slice of Hawaii.  There are tiki lights, nume rented plastic palm trees and fiberglass copies of Hawaii statuary.  Strings of colored lights crisscross the ceili It looks like a Hawaiian high school gym on prom night. Maggie's family, Mrs. Trout and people we've already met, more, are here, milling around wit tropical drinks garnis with umbrellas.  Plastic leis abound and most people have managed to find their old Hawaiian shirts. As we come in, the hula dancers finish their applause and Trout announces.  Hula dancers stop.
80) 6) dialog: Lighten up, what?
80) 8) dialog: I haven't seen him in twenty-four hours. It just gives me the creeps a little bit. I'd feel better if I knew where he was.
80) 10) dialog: (after a beat) I'm going to go dance with Bob. Because he's the man. (referring to her headdress) I like those grapes. Maggie dances affectionately with Bob as Mr. Trout, tendi bar, greets Ike.
80) 17) dialog: Where did you disappear to?
80) 26) text: Ike watches as Maggie takes the heat, raising her glass a with the others.  Bob raises his glass like the good spor Ike can't believe it.
80) 28) dialog: -- But she's certainly the fastest. Uproarious laughter.  Maggie looks terribly pained.  Ike' enough.  He pushes himself to his feet.  Walter is thrill shushes the CROWD. WALTER (cont'd) Oh, look, Mr. Graham, how about a toast?
80) 30) dialog: Excuse me?
80) 32) dialog: Yes.
81) 0) text: Ike runs after Maggie.  He grabs her arm and turns her to
81) 2) dialog: You humiliated me!
81) 4) dialog: I had it under control.  Now they feel sorry for me.
81) 6) dialog: It's fun!  It's high.
81) 8) dialog: That was very interesting research George was doing!
81) 10) dialog: I already explained about that.
81) 12) dialog: (wincing) Brian told you that?
81) 14) dialog: Every one of those times I was being supportive.  Something you won't understand.
81) 16) dialog: Lost!
81) 18) dialog: What!?
81) 20) dialog: That's called changing your mind.
81) 22) dialog: Yes I do!
81) 24) dialog: Stop.  Stop it!  I'm getting married on Sunday, and you're just trying to make me run!  Why?  Because you're a cynical, exploitative, mean-hearted creep who wouldn't know real love if it bit him in the armpit!  And all you do is tear other people down and-and-and laugh at them, and criticize what they do, because you're too afraid to do anything yourself!  I read your column. You never wrote one about you.  I'm not the only one who's lost and you know it! Am I right?  Well?  Am I right? ANGLE ON:  Bob comes outside.
81) 26) dialog: Yes.
81) 28) dialog: Jerry Kramer. Ike looks at her drooped shoulder and he shakes his head walks to his car.
83) 0) text: They are in the church proper now.  Peggy waits in a pew leads Maggie and Ike up the back steps of the church.
83) 2) dialog: No.  No -- Actually, let's make Ike the pastor.
83) 4) dialog: (sarcastically) Come on, it'll give you a great view. It's perfect. (seeing Peggy) Hey. Maggie smiles at Bob.  Ike sighs and goes with it.  Bob p to the head of the aisle and places him.  Peggy follows M into the foyer to get ready.  Cindy sits with Ted at the
84) 0) text: Once in the privacy of the foyer, Peggy and Maggie talk.
84) 2) dialog: Yep.  I want him to be front and center and to watch everything.
84) 4) dialog: (flustered) ... I don't even want to talk about the luau. (then seeing a hanging rope) What's this?
84) 12) dialog: Go! Peggy and Cindy exit.  Maggie pulls the bell rope and swa and forth as she rings the bell.
85) 0) text: It is Maggie's turn to enter.  They all turn expectantly. much time passes.  Ted plays the organ, then stops.  Magg swings back and forth in the foyer doorway.
85) 4) text: Maggie walking. BOB (cont'd) You are the football.  You're spiraling through the air towards the hands of the groom. She proceeds down the aisle.  Bob behind her.
85) 5) dialog: (eyes down) Yes, I'm spiraling through the air.
85) 6) text: Maggie raises her eyes and sees Ike in front of her as gr Ike and Maggie lock gazes.  If they had to, they couldn't away.  All the things unspoken are now communicated -- th the longing. MAGGIE (cont'd) I streak towards the goal line. Maggie's pace quickens. MAGGIE (cont'd) And I land on the goal line.
85) 7) text: Bob beams to see Maggie's eager arrival at Ike's side.  H switches off the music and proceeds like a proud coach to pastor.
85) 9) text: Bob's smile dies.  Cindy's mouth drops open as the kiss g and on.  Peggy loses control and screams. BOB (cont'd) Maggie!!!!? Like a bucket of water thrown on two dogs, Ike and Maggie startled out of their kiss.  They pull apart and smile at other. ANGLE ON:  Bob. BOB (cont'd) (furious) If you were imagining me, you did great. (to Ike) What the hell were you doing?
85) 11) dialog: (dazed but happy) I kissed him back.
85) 13) dialog: About a minute...?
85) 15) dialog: Really?
85) 19) dialog: (to Peggy) Take care of him. Maggie leaves.
86) 0) text: Bob is halfway down the walk.  Maggie appears at the chur and calls after him.
86) 1) dialog: Bob, I'm sorry! (half to herself) At least I backed out before the wedding.  That's progress! He keeps marching.  Now Peggy appears next to Maggie.  Ma calls again. MAGGIE (cont'd) Some woman is going to make you a lot happier than I ever could... The words are barely out of her mouth when Cindy comes ou door, racing after Bob at a full sprint. MAGGIE (cont'd) See?
86) 3) dialog: Okay.  So... what, uh... What just happened?  Just now?  Jus then?  In there?
86) 5) dialog: Me, either. Ike GRABS Maggie and BOOM -- they are all over each other kissing frantically, tongues, hands, hair, elbow, you nam Blathering fools.
86) 7) dialog: (blathering) I love you, too. They come up for air.
86) 9) dialog: To who?  Are you asking me?
86) 11) dialog: Yes, you!
86) 13) dialog: And the church.
86) 15) dialog: I'm okay with that.
86) 17) dialog: So, we'll... They both nod and sit there smiling, sort of. The organis closes the church door.
89) 0) text: Maggie talks to Peggy, Cindy and Grandma Julia.  Grandma sits under a hair dryer.  Sprout, the dog, sits in his ba
89) 4) dialog: Grandma!
90) 0) text: Ike and Maggie fishing.
92) 0) text: Ike and Maggie have fun playing cards.  The game is slapj
93) 0) text: Maggie and Ike horseback riding.  They sit on their horse amongst trees, "nuzzling".  Ike reads as he pushes Maggie tire swing.
94) 0) text: Ike and Maggie open and close a Hoberman ball by holding opposite ends in their teeth.  Grandma looks in.
95) 0) text: There is a fire in the fireplace.  Maggie and Ike sit as shows Maggie some passages from his favorite books.  He's reading something from Yeats at the moment.  They seem ha
97) 0) text: INSERT window of church.  Peggy peers out the window at t carnival scene.  Cindy sits with Maggie as she leans forw doubled over on a child's chair.  Peggy moves from the wi sit with them.
97) 1) dialog: (moves to window) He's not coming.  Watch.  He's not coming.
97) 3) dialog: You and your lucky geese.  You always see geese.
97) 6) dialog: Eight is good... "V" could be Victory. They ad lib various words starting with the letter "V". is nervous.
97) 10) dialog: It's hurting.
97) 14) dialog: He's here!... He's here!
97) 16) dialog: This is not a good sign. Maggie goes over to Peggy and Cindy, and starts to get in bridal gown.  They continue to ad lib words standing with letter "V".
102) 0) text: Peggy joins Maggie, who is blowing bubblegum and swaying front of an oscillating fan.  Grandma and Walter come in. Grandma gives her a kiss on the cheek.
102) 2) dialog: Thank you, Grandma. Grandma leaves.  Walter steps up.
102) 4) dialog: Thank you, Dad. Peggy turns off the fan.  Cindy takes the bag from Maggie
102) 7) dialog: No sauntering down the aisle.  Just make time.  Let's just get there. Cindy and Peggy nod and leave.  The door closes.
104) 2) dialog: Just a second. Dennis closes the door behind him as he goes back into th chapel.  Maggie has a moment alone.  She looks at back do possible escape route, then changes her mind.  She signal start of the wedding by knocking on the door.
105) 0) text: Immediately, Cory and Dennis open the doors for her entra All the guests stand as Maggie enter the chapel smiling.
105) 6) text: But Ike is too busy maintaining eye contact.  His eyes ur Maggie closer -- loving her, willing her on.
105) 7) text: Maggie stops her walk, gives Ike a teasing smile, and the resumes with her walk toward him.  His face.  Her face. face.  Her face.
105) 9) text: A sigh now rises from the GUESTS as Maggie closes in on I smiles at her.  She smiles at him.  She is almost there.. there, smiling at Ike.  The Pastor gestures to the guests down.  They do.
106) 0) text: Maggie comes down steps and enters the church children's school class.  A lot of KIDS And TEACHERS are doing relig arts and crafts.  As Maggie runs through:
106) 1) dialog: There's a man coming down those steps with lots of candy in his pockets.  If you tickle him, he'll give candy. She gives her bouquet to a little GIRL as she goes by.  I down stairs.
106) 3) text: Maggie as she's in the church kitchen and hops on counter heads out the window.  The window is wide enough.
106) 4) text: Ike as he gets to the window, but Maggie is out in drivew
107) 0) text: Maggie flies toward a FedEx truck at next house just leav
107) 16) dialog: 
108) 0) text: Kevin, the bartender, reads Jay's column, in the USA Toda entitled "Maggie's Mad Dash".
109) 0) text: Various newspaper WORKERS also read Jay's column in the U Today entitled "Maggie Mad Dash" and "Hardware Honey Goes and Bolts" in another newspaper.
111) 0) text: Maggie is sitting, end of a long day.  Peggy sticks her h entrance door.
111) 2) dialog: I'm just finishing up, too.
111) 4) dialog: (interrupting) No, I'm just going to head home.
111) 6) dialog: What are you talking about?
111) 8) dialog: Thank you.  You still think that he was....
111) 11) dialog: (softly) Hi, Dennis.
111) 13) dialog: You're sweet, Dennis.  But you've got to go.  I'm closing up.  Here's a candy bar and one for your brother. Dennis takes the candy and starts to go.
113) 3) dialog: Hey.  Grandma, what's for lunch?
113) 6) dialog: 
113) 9) dialog: (quiet fury) Just stop it.  Don't say another word like that.
113) 11) dialog: No.  It's my life.
113) 13) dialog: No, it's humiliating and you've been doing it since I was a kid.  I don't like it.  Stop.  You may not like having a daughter with problems.  But guess what?  I don't like having a father who's drunk all the time.  I'll eat in my room. Maggie takes a plate and exits.
115) 0) text: Maggie is kickboxing.
116) 0) text: Maggie is a bit melancholy as she works on her lamps.
118) 0) text: Maggie jumps rope barefooted late at night.
118) 1) dialog: I need a plan... A plan to life... What would Bruce Lee do?  He'd kick some ass...
119) 0) text: Maggie in front of plates full of all sorts of types of e scrambled, poached, sunny-side up, Benedict, soft boiled, -- sits on the kitchen counter.  She ties them all.
122) 0) text: Ike crosses a busy street where a MAN is being arrested. passing the upscale "Millennium Hardware Store".  He glan the window, looks away, stops and looks again.  The windo display is made up of an assortment of Maggie's lamps.  L "MAG" is on them.  He smiles and walks on.
125) 0) text: Ike opens the door to his apartment and flicks on the lig crosses to hang his coat in the closet.  In the closet mi sees and is stunned to find:  MAGGIE, sitting on the couc holding Italics, the cat.
125) 1) dialog: Hello, Ike. He closes the closet and crosses to his desk.
125) 3) dialog: I've been making friends with your cat. (then) Is it okay that I'm here?
125) 5) dialog: I don't blame you for being mad... Ike looks at her.  Apparently the word "mad" is an unders MAGGIE (cont'd) ... Or... furious. Ike looks at her again. MAGGIE (cont'd) ... Irate?  Livid?  How's that? He starts putting cat food in a bowl.  The cat leaves Mag side and starts to east.
125) 7) dialog: It's something I've always wanted to do. Ike leaves the kitchen, turns on the balcony lights and r the living room from the balcony.
125) 9) dialog: I wanted to talk to you about why I run or ride away from things. Ike moves away from her and sits on the steps near the ba window, listening.
125) 11) dialog: I think so... When I was walking down the aisle?  I was  walking toward somebody who didn't have any idea who I really was.  And it was only half the other person's fault, because I had done everything to convince him that I was exactly what he wanted.  So it was good that I didn't go through with it because it would have been a lie, but you -- you knew the real me.
125) 13) dialog: I didn't.  And you being the one at the end of the aisle didn't just fix that. Ike takes this in.  She's reaching him -- but then the de go back up.  He turns to her.
126) 0) text: The balcony overlooks Central Park.  The twinkling lights city stretch out across the beautiful night.  Ike looks o the view with his back to Maggie as she speaks.
126) 1) dialog: I understand why you bring up the truck. Let me explain something.  The fact is, you've seen me at my worst, most embarrassing, deviously plotting, potentially but not certifiably, psychotic state.  And if you liked me then, I mean, now... I can't imagine... (crosses to him) Benedict. Ike has no response. MAGGIE (cont'd) I love eggs Benedict.  I hate all the other kinds. She hesitates. MAGGIE (cont'd) ... I hate big weddings with everybody staring.  I would like to get married on a weekday while everybody is at work. If I ride off into the sunset, I want my own horse.
126) 3) dialog: These are for you. He opens it.  It's her running shoes.
126) 5) dialog: They're mine.  I'm turning in my running shoes to you.
126) 7) dialog: And one more thing.  I know it's hard to believe there could be more.  Um... Maggie glances around and spots a DECK CHAIR, which she t it is facing the city lights.  Then she softly says: MAGGIE (cont'd) If you could have a seat, please. Ike sits.  Maggie takes the box from him and puts it aide then she gets down on one knee.
126) 9) dialog: No, no -- don't hide your face, this only happens once in a lifetime.  It's definitely a first to me, and you're not going to want to miss it. He smiles as he looks at Maggie. MAGGIE (cont'd) I love you, Homer Eisenhower Graham. Will you marry me? Ike swallows, overwhelmed, overjoyed, and scared shitless
126) 11) dialog: (cheerful) Good. She gets off her knees and stands. MAGGIE (cont'd) I was hoping you'd say that.
126) 13) dialog: I was, because if you said "yes" right away, I wouldn't get to say this next part.  And I've been practicing it. (pulling up a chair and sitting) Ready?
126) 15) dialog: (tenderly) "I guarantee that we'll have tough times.  I guarantee  that at some point one or both oof us will want to get out. But I also guarantee that if I don't ask you to be mine, I'll regret it for the rest of my life. Because I know in my heart -- you're the only one for me". Ike takes her hands affectionately.
126) 17) dialog: I borrowed it from this guy I know. So? Ike looks into Maggie's shining face and pauses.  He gets motions with his hand for her to stay seated.  He goes in turns on some music.  The cat is sitting by the radio.  H returns to the balcony and takes Maggie's hand.
127) 0) text: We see a hill and on top of it is a Pastor marrying Maggi Ike, in beautiful wedding attire.  We see Maggie walk dow leaf-lined aisle to a waiting Ike.  They kiss as we hear and hear them each say "I do".  They kiss a twirling, whi kiss, a circular kiss.  We hear the applause of about twe people.  Slowly, we see the twenty people come over the c the hill.  They are all Maggie's family and friends, plus old grooms.  They are all paired in twos, like a love Noa We see others get the news.
128) 0) text: Priest Brian hears about Maggie's wedding.
129) 0) text: Mrs. Trout hears about Maggie's wedding.
130) 0) text: George, Groom #3, hears about Maggie's wedding.
131) 0) text: Ellie and Fisher hear about Maggie's wedding.
132) 1) text: Maggie and Ike finally break the kiss.  Ike takes her han walks her to two horses.  Ike and Maggie, on the two hors off happily in their wedding clothes.  As the group cheer Maggie throws bouquet.  We see it float in the air. FADE TO BLACK.