38) 0) text: CLOSE ON a group of plastic grooms and brides on a counte MRS. TROUT is behind the counter helping Maggie with a se of grooms for her wedding cake.  The groom figures are sp on the counter.  All sizes and colors, some attached to b some solo, some tuxes, some in dinner jackets.
38) 1) dialog: This one's very popular, but oh, you've used this one before... Brian.  But I like the white dinner jacket.
38) 3) dialog: (picks up another) We'll go with total traditional.
38) 6) dialog: Sure. (picking up a miniature bride) Here, Maggie.  I think this makes the best you. Mrs. Trout steps away to get his order.  Ike moves to the side of Maggie and picks up the bride and groom figure.
38) 8) dialog: You must be that Mr. Graham fellow. Ike turns and goes to her.
38) 10) dialog: Betty Trout.  Five dollars.
38) 12) dialog: (interrupting) -- The luau for Maggie. She starts picking lint off his sleeve and buttons his cu
38) 15) dialog: Yes.  My husband and I love luaus. It'll be fun. Mrs. Trout turns and grabs Ike's bag containing two coffe
38) 17) dialog: If you're still in town, you should stop by.
38) 22) dialog: (handing him the other bag) Your two cinnamon rolls.
40) 14) dialog: Father, am I too late?
40) 16) dialog: It won't take long.  Jus two venials. The woman goes into the confessional booth to wait.
63) 5) dialog: You've come for your dress.  Good! I'll get it from the back. Maggie leads her to the front window.
63) 7) dialog: (to Polly) Polly, take Leslie into change. (then, to Maggie) But the one you have on hold is lovely.
63) 9) dialog: It's one thousand dollars. Maggie is keenly aware of Ike listening in.
63) 11) dialog: (firmly) The other one is only three hundred dollars. Maggie lowers her voice, hoping to lessen the humiliation moment.
63) 13) dialog: It just seems like an awful lot of money to spend on one of your dresses, Maggie... You only wear them for about ten minutes. Ike watches with regret as Maggie's child-like enthusiasm drains away, her happy mood crushed by the tactless assau the shop owner.  He's starting to see that it's no always being Maggie. There's a tremor in her voice.
63) 16) dialog: (huffy) Yes.  I've been here for thirty years.
63) 18) dialog: It's a thousand dollars! Ike goes over and takes the mannequin out of the window. Whittenmeyer catches the wig as he puts the mannequin und arm. IKE (cont'd) Look, Aunt Bea, we're buying this beautiful dress and anything else she wants or I'm coming back here with a squirt gun filled with India ink. Mrs. Whittenmeyer wilts under Ike's fierce gaze.  She tur Maggie.
63) 19) dialog: Will he really do that? Maggie gives her a look. MR. WHITTENMEYER (cont'd) (to Maggie) Well, why don't you pick out some accessories while I get this ready, dear.  Polly, will you come help me, please? Polly comes to help carry the mannequin away.
63) 22) dialog: Shhhh!  The man has ink! Maggie looks gratefully at Ike.
80) 0) text: It's a small barn that's been converted into a luau with A BAND plays for two hula dancers.  The Trouts had decora as a little slice of Hawaii.  There are tiki lights, nume rented plastic palm trees and fiberglass copies of Hawaii statuary.  Strings of colored lights crisscross the ceili It looks like a Hawaiian high school gym on prom night. Maggie's family, Mrs. Trout and people we've already met, more, are here, milling around wit tropical drinks garnis with umbrellas.  Plastic leis abound and most people have managed to find their old Hawaiian shirts. As we come in, the hula dancers finish their applause and Trout announces.  Hula dancers stop.
80) 2) dialog: (grabbing the microphone) This year, we're dedicating our first dance to the soon-to-be newlyweds, the King and Queen of Hawaii, Maggie and Bob. The couple enters.  Bob is a goody bronzed god in his Kin Kamahamela outfit.  Maggie is spectacular in her authenti looking Hawaiian Princess get-up.  But her face reflects of the festivities around her.  Every now and then, she l and glances around for Ike, hating herself for it. MRS. TROUT (cont'd) King and Queen, dance. Maggie and Bob start to dance as the Quarter sings "Aloha MRS. TROUT (cont'd) Everybody dance. Everybody dances.
80) 4) dialog: Pictures of the King and Queen. Dennis poses with Maggie.  Cory poses with Bob.  Mrs. Tro out of film and goes to get more, leaving Peggy and Maggi Peggy whispers to Maggie.
80) 20) dialog: Attention.  Listen to Walter.  Listen close, he slurs. (then) Shut up, wahines!
80) 23) dialog: May the pitter-patter of little feet not be Maggie's.
80) 37) dialog: That was funny. (a pause) But enough toasts, let's hula.  Let's start the music up. She gets everyone up to hula.  Band plays fast tune.  Mag walks through the CROWD down the steps and outside.  Ike follows, but Peggy grabs a coat for her.  Bob watches her Cory approaches.
101) 4) dialog: You should thank Lou and I for the wedding car -- a '63 Buick.
101) 6) dialog: Oh, come on.  You're practically family. Mrs. Trout starts picking lint off Fisher's jacket.
101) 8) dialog: This doesn't want to come out.
129) 0) text: Mrs. Trout hears about Maggie's wedding.