12) 0) text: PEGGY and MRS. PRESSMAN exit the parlor and stroll down t street. (lowers her paper and reads.) PEGGY (cont'd) "... And in Hale, Maryland where she helps run the family hardware store." (to the Women) We have to go to Maggie.  Cindy, mind the shop. (exits salon; continues reading) "... She is known as Miss Maggie Carpenter, AKA, the Runaway Bride."
12) 1) dialog: Holy moly. The older one, Mrs. Pressman, listens with a pained expre as the younger one, Peggy, continues to read the column a Neither one can believe what they're reading.
12) 3) dialog: (takes paper from her, reads) "And her ritual feast continues as she prepares to make a sacrifice out of the seventh fiance.  So all bets are on and we hope that this boomerang bride isn't honeymooning with Las Vegas odds makers because many predict that this girl is out of there before the race... before the rice hits the ground" (then) Holy moly. Peggy and Mrs. Pressman step into a hardware store.
13) 0) text: Peggy and Mrs. Pressman enter, worried.
13) 1) dialog: You tell Maggie.
13) 3) dialog: No, no.  You're her best friend.
13) 5) dialog: (holding her newspaper) You know, it's just possible that she hasn't read this yet.
13) 7) dialog: Maybe she hasn't read the paper... On the counter, they see a copy of USA Today opened to th article about Maggie. MRS. PRESSMAN (cont'd) ... Or not! We follow MAGGIE down the back stairs inside The Hale Har Store, the prettiest, most welcoming shop of its kind any in small town USA.  Somehow the place ha taken on the spi the owner's daughter; both stop and shop-girl radiate bri charm, and possibility.  Maggie comes down steps with a f handle and goes to an elderly customer, MR. PAXTON.
13) 16) dialog: Holy moly. Peggy looks like she is going to cry with sympathy for Ma Maggie is starting to feel uncomfortable.  She looks down dubiously, at the paper.
13) 18) dialog: Bag.
30) 0) text: Cindy, the manicurist, does Mrs. Pressman's nails.  Maggi on the floor next to Peggy's salon chair, fixing the base barber chair.  She tightens a screw and looks up, satisfi Cindy's dog is on the floor near Maggie.
30) 17) dialog: Mrs. Pressman.  No relation.
30) 29) dialog: (to Ike) Excuse me, sir.  I have an actual fact for you.
30) 31) dialog: It's her fourth time to the altar, you know.  Not seven like they said.
30) 34) dialog: I'm not sure.  Mr. Schullian runs the newsstand, he's our local bookie, you know, he's giving eight to one odds she won't.  He says she's so famous now, maybe Vegas will give odds on her.  I'm going to wait to hear what the pros say.
30) 36) dialog: Oh, I will.
31) 0) text: Ike sits with a towel over his head as Peggy blow-dries t of his head.  His back is to the mirror, his body faces M Cindy does her own nails as Mrs. Pressman scratches off l tickets.  The dog, Sprout, sits in is basket.
38) 0) text: CLOSE ON a group of plastic grooms and brides on a counte MRS. TROUT is behind the counter helping Maggie with a se of grooms for her wedding cake.  The groom figures are sp on the counter.  All sizes and colors, some attached to b some solo, some tuxes, some in dinner jackets.
38) 1) dialog: This one's very popular, but oh, you've used this one before... Brian.  But I like the white dinner jacket.
38) 3) dialog: (picks up another) We'll go with total traditional.
38) 6) dialog: Sure. (picking up a miniature bride) Here, Maggie.  I think this makes the best you. Mrs. Trout steps away to get his order.  Ike moves to the side of Maggie and picks up the bride and groom figure.
38) 8) dialog: You must be that Mr. Graham fellow. Ike turns and goes to her.
38) 10) dialog: Betty Trout.  Five dollars.
38) 12) dialog: (interrupting) -- The luau for Maggie. She starts picking lint off his sleeve and buttons his cu
38) 15) dialog: Yes.  My husband and I love luaus. It'll be fun. Mrs. Trout turns and grabs Ike's bag containing two coffe
38) 17) dialog: If you're still in town, you should stop by.
38) 22) dialog: (handing him the other bag) Your two cinnamon rolls.
40) 14) dialog: Father, am I too late?
40) 16) dialog: It won't take long.  Jus two venials. The woman goes into the confessional booth to wait.
54) 0) text: It's early morning.  Mrs. Pressman hands Peggy a cup of c to go.  Peggy walks to the beauty parlor, unlocks the fro and goes in.
64) 0) text: This is a great place -- a major hub of social life in Ha food is greasy and good, Mrs. Pressman is the waitress, a CROWD the essence of what is wonderful about a small town Maggie and Ike sit on the counter.  Mrs. Pressman CHUFFS the luau, then moves around the corner.
64) 2) dialog: We're out the special because somebody... (indicates COOK with head) ... didn't order enough sausage.
64) 13) dialog: Tootaloo.
80) 0) text: It's a small barn that's been converted into a luau with A BAND plays for two hula dancers.  The Trouts had decora as a little slice of Hawaii.  There are tiki lights, nume rented plastic palm trees and fiberglass copies of Hawaii statuary.  Strings of colored lights crisscross the ceili It looks like a Hawaiian high school gym on prom night. Maggie's family, Mrs. Trout and people we've already met, more, are here, milling around wit tropical drinks garnis with umbrellas.  Plastic leis abound and most people have managed to find their old Hawaiian shirts. As we come in, the hula dancers finish their applause and Trout announces.  Hula dancers stop.
80) 2) dialog: (grabbing the microphone) This year, we're dedicating our first dance to the soon-to-be newlyweds, the King and Queen of Hawaii, Maggie and Bob. The couple enters.  Bob is a goody bronzed god in his Kin Kamahamela outfit.  Maggie is spectacular in her authenti looking Hawaiian Princess get-up.  But her face reflects of the festivities around her.  Every now and then, she l and glances around for Ike, hating herself for it. MRS. TROUT (cont'd) King and Queen, dance. Maggie and Bob start to dance as the Quarter sings "Aloha MRS. TROUT (cont'd) Everybody dance. Everybody dances.
80) 4) dialog: Pictures of the King and Queen. Dennis poses with Maggie.  Cory poses with Bob.  Mrs. Tro out of film and goes to get more, leaving Peggy and Maggi Peggy whispers to Maggie.
80) 20) dialog: Attention.  Listen to Walter.  Listen close, he slurs. (then) Shut up, wahines!
80) 23) dialog: May the pitter-patter of little feet not be Maggie's.
80) 24) dialog: May the gifts be returned!
80) 37) dialog: That was funny. (a pause) But enough toasts, let's hula.  Let's start the music up. She gets everyone up to hula.  Band plays fast tune.  Mag walks through the CROWD down the steps and outside.  Ike follows, but Peggy grabs a coat for her.  Bob watches her Cory approaches.
99) 2) dialog: It's okay.  There's no microphone. You're no fun.
101) 4) dialog: You should thank Lou and I for the wedding car -- a '63 Buick.
101) 6) dialog: Oh, come on.  You're practically family. Mrs. Trout starts picking lint off Fisher's jacket.
101) 8) dialog: This doesn't want to come out.
129) 0) text: Mrs. Trout hears about Maggie's wedding.