12) 0) text: PEGGY and MRS. PRESSMAN exit the parlor and stroll down t street. (lowers her paper and reads.) PEGGY (cont'd) "... And in Hale, Maryland where she helps run the family hardware store." (to the Women) We have to go to Maggie.  Cindy, mind the shop. (exits salon; continues reading) "... She is known as Miss Maggie Carpenter, AKA, the Runaway Bride."
12) 2) dialog: (reads) "What is unusual about Miss Carpenter is that she likes to dress her men up as grooms before she devours them.  She has already disemboweled six in a row by leaving them at the altar."... I can't ready anymore.
13) 0) text: Peggy and Mrs. Pressman enter, worried.
13) 2) dialog: No, you tell her.
13) 4) dialog: No.
13) 6) dialog: Yeah.
13) 13) dialog: (delicate) So -- Mag -- you've seen this, huh?
13) 15) dialog: Uh, Maggie, you told us to bachelorette jokes, so we didn't... Maggie looks at the stricken face of her friends.
30) 0) text: Cindy, the manicurist, does Mrs. Pressman's nails.  Maggi on the floor next to Peggy's salon chair, fixing the base barber chair.  She tightens a screw and looks up, satisfi Cindy's dog is on the floor near Maggie.
30) 4) dialog: (delighted as she spins) You're a goddess!
30) 6) dialog: Stop it.  When you talk like that, I get turned on and it frightens me. JUST THEN.  Ike enters the salon, taking off his sunglass Peggy hops off the chair.
30) 8) dialog: Are you a reporter? It's a little early in the game for Ike to be thrown off
30) 10) dialog: (eyeing his loafers) It's been our experience that anyone with some sort of gewgaw on his loafers ends up being another big city reporter wanting to interview Maggie.
30) 12) dialog: No, about her getting that asshole from New York fired. Ike smiles down at his loafers and shrugs.
30) 14) dialog: Peggy Phleming.  Not the ice skater. Peggy steps aside.  Ike moves toward Cindy and Mrs. Press
30) 18) dialog: And you are?
30) 20) dialog: Yep.  Maggie -- Someone to see you. Maggie looks over from her sitting position on the floor. gives Ike the once-over, focusing on the shoes.
30) 22) dialog: Yup! Ike crouches to see Maggie on the floor just as she rises feet.  Ike straightens up.  For a moment, he is thrown by beauty and intelligent eyes.
30) 26) dialog: Hold on -- Nobody interviews Maggie in here unless they're getting haircut.
30) 37) text: Maggie indicates column to Peggy.  She looks over at the the shop used to wash and dye hair.  There's a sink, stoo cabinet affixed to the wall above sink, which holds vario shampoos and hair dyes.  Maggie gets an idea.  Maggie and step forward toward Ike.
30) 40) dialog: Great. Ike hands Peggy his jacket.  A mystified Peggy leads Ike sink.  While she does this...
30) 46) dialog: (calming) Let's just put this back here for the aromatherapy. Peggy recovers his face, then continues to fuss with the coloring products.  Maggie helps.
31) 0) text: Ike sits with a towel over his head as Peggy blow-dries t of his head.  His back is to the mirror, his body faces M Cindy does her own nails as Mrs. Pressman scratches off l tickets.  The dog, Sprout, sits in is basket.
31) 2) dialog: Hey, Pete, I'll be right with you. Ike peeks out from under his towel as Maggie continues.
31) 5) dialog: No, she's talking about your hair. Maggie swivels his chair so that Ike faces the mirror.  I looks at his brightly colored hair.
43) 0) text: As Maggie drives into town with Peggy, they see Ike on po SHERIFF, POLICE CHIEF and MAIL    MAN, all playing instru a blues band.  Ike is not bad on slide guitar.  They all Ike. Maggie "CHUFFAS" with Peggy and moves on.
44) 3) text: Maggie and Peggy, cheering loudly.  Peggy tries to whoop than Maggie, but that would be tough.  From firs base, Co back to them.  The two women sit back down and Maggie tak up with their conversation.  Maggie is still al steamed u
44) 5) dialog: For what reason?  Some personal satisfaction?
44) 7) dialog: It's probably because you got him fired.
44) 9) dialog: Not that he doesn't deserve to get fired... Look!  Cory's going for second!... Sneaky!
44) 14) dialog: Where?
44) 16) dialog: He looks better with that stuff out of his hair.  He's an attractive man. Ike finds Maggie in the crowd and leaves Dennis.
44) 18) dialog: Okay, that's fine.  I can do that. Ike comes up to Peggy.
44) 20) dialog: (protesting weakly) That's Maggie's seat... Ike sits down comfortably.
44) 22) dialog: Have you listened to his morning show, "Wake up with ballplayer"?
44) 24) dialog: This game is pretty important to him. He made all-stars in high school, you know.
44) 26) dialog: He was going with Maggie back then. (quickly) He was never one of her... I mean, they were never going to get... They just dated for a while. Cory dives in for third and makes it.  The crowd goes wil Peggy yells and jumps in. PEGGY (cont'd) Good job, honey! But Maggie's whoop sails out above it all.  Cory waves. at Peggy.  He directs his delight at Maggie, who jumps up down by the dugout. Ike looks between Cory, Maggie and finally, Peggy.  Peggy her waving hand back down to her side and sits down.  Ike pretends not to have noticed.  The two watch as Maggie an smile at each other.
44) 28) dialog: (looking at Maggie and Cory) Oh, sure.  That was a long time ago. See, she's not a man-hater at all. She's very supportive of men... Next BATTER hits one to deep left field and it lands in t yard.  Cory scores, greeted by Maggie.  Ike and Peggy wat Cory and Maggie belly-bump and high-five each other in celebration of Cory's play.  No looks at Peggy.  Ike keep empathetic silence, seeing that Peggy is truly hurt. PEGGY (cont'd) I'll be back in a second. Suddenly, Peggy stands, pushes past him and runs down the Maggie looks up just in time to catch Peggy's exit.  Ike his tape recorder out of his pocket and starts speaking i Maggie shoots Ike an accusing look, walks up to him in th bleachers and sits next to him.
53) 0) text: CLOSE ON:  A CASSETTE PLAYER.  We see the familiar handwr label: "Miles Davis."  "Kind of Blue" plays as Maggie lis a chair, looking shell-shocked, surrounded by the post-it stole from Ike's room.  We see as she reads them: "Father fisted drinker," "Peggy, best friend, but Peggy doesn't t trust Maggie," "Bob" -- doesn't love him.  Overwhelmed, s finishes reading the last note, leans back, puts her feet the table, deep in the mood of the melancholy music. The CAMERA MOVES on the last note on the floor next to he It reads: "SHOWS NO REMORSE". FADE TO BLACK.
54) 0) text: It's early morning.  Mrs. Pressman hands Peggy a cup of c to go.  Peggy walks to the beauty parlor, unlocks the fro and goes in.
55) 0) text: Peggy enters and starts about her opening duties.  She tu the lights and turns and sees her friend, Maggie.
55) 2) dialog: Good morning to you, too.  You look good.
55) 4) dialog: Yes. Maggie looks miserable.
55) 6) dialog: I know.  I think sometimes you just sort of spaz-out with random excess flirtation energy and it just lands on anything male that moves.
55) 8) dialog: Like certain kinds of coral. Peggy sits in the salon chair next to Maggie.
55) 10) dialog: Why?
55) 12) dialog: (friendly) No, I don't think you're like, "I'm charming and mysterious in a way that even I don't understand and something about me is crying out for protection from a big man like you".  Very hard to compete with.  Especially to us married women who have lost our mystery.
55) 14) dialog: No.  I'm weird.  Weird and mysterious are two different things.
55) 16) dialog: No.  You're quirky.  Quirky and weird are two different things.
55) 18) dialog: I'm not worried about you and Cory or Cory and me or even that you're irreversibly screwed up.  But, Maggie, you've been like this since we were kids.  And I think now that you are aware of it and that it hurts people's feelings, maybe it's time to move on with your life and commit to someone of your own, like Bob, if he's the one.
55) 20) dialog: Something that brings warmth to my heart. (pause) Duckbill platypus.
55) 22) dialog: You're right.  It's not funny now. Maybe we both grew up.
80) 5) dialog: Lighten up, wahine.
80) 7) dialog: This party is for you and Bob.  Get your mind off the reporter.
80) 9) dialog: (nods to door) Would it? ANGLE ON:  Ike just entering the party.  At least he trie He's got a tropical sheet wrapped around his pants and sh He walks to the bar and is greeted warmly by Lee.  Maggie very flustered. PEGGY (cont'd) What are you doing?
80) 40) dialog: (calling after her) Maggie.  Maggie. (to Ike,  handing him a jacket) Here.  She may need this.  It's not really Hawaii. Ike exits.  Then, Bob comes over.
80) 42) dialog: Oh, she just went to get me something from the car. Cory comes over with Dennis to Bob and Peggy.  BOB/PEGGY/ DENNIS CHUFFA:  About Bart Starr and football.  (Which ke from going outside to follow Maggie).  Bob thinks about i
82) 0) text: Peggy and Cindy arrive for the rehearsal.  They leave Cin dog in Peggy's car and walk to the church.
82) 2) dialog: Bob is making her visualize the ceremony.
83) 0) text: They are in the church proper now.  Peggy waits in a pew leads Maggie and Ike up the back steps of the church.
84) 0) text: Once in the privacy of the foyer, Peggy and Maggie talk.
84) 1) dialog: He's going to be the pastor?
84) 3) dialog: What happened at the luau?
84) 5) dialog: It's for the bell. Cindy joins them.
84) 7) dialog: Don't be nervous, Maggie.  Let us visualize.  Remember what Bob said? "Be the ball."
84) 9) dialog: "Make the shot."
84) 11) dialog: "Never say die." Maggie puts her hands up.
85) 9) text: Bob's smile dies.  Cindy's mouth drops open as the kiss g and on.  Peggy loses control and screams. BOB (cont'd) Maggie!!!!? Like a bucket of water thrown on two dogs, Ike and Maggie startled out of their kiss.  They pull apart and smile at other. ANGLE ON:  Bob. BOB (cont'd) (furious) If you were imagining me, you did great. (to Ike) What the hell were you doing?
86) 2) dialog: Well, Maggie -- in the words of Mrs. Pressman: "Holy moly".  Call me later. Peggy goes to her car.  Cindy joins her as Bob speeds off car.  Now Ike takes Peggy's place next to Maggie.  Maggie to face Ike.  They are both beet red, stammering and unab look at each other, trying to act normal.
89) 0) text: Maggie talks to Peggy, Cindy and Grandma Julia.  Grandma sits under a hair dryer.  Sprout, the dog, sits in his ba
89) 2) dialog: His hair... any color.
89) 5) dialog: (to Cindy) See, this is a mature relationship. She's really found it.
97) 0) text: INSERT window of church.  Peggy peers out the window at t carnival scene.  Cindy sits with Maggie as she leans forw doubled over on a child's chair.  Peggy moves from the wi sit with them.
97) 2) dialog: No, no.  I saw eight geese flying in a "V".
97) 4) dialog: Not eight...
97) 8) dialog: Yes, rubbing your ears is very soothing. Cory does that to me when I hyperventilate. Maggie rubs her ears.
97) 12) dialog: He's here!  He's here! They all squeeze and peer out window.  They scream in exc Cindy rushes to Maggie's wedding dress.
97) 15) dialog: Now's the time for calm... If you don't calm down, you won't get your dress on... (reassuringly) He's the one... He's the one. Peggy moves to help Cindy with the dress.  Maggie stands the window a moment.  She picks up a toy horse.
102) 0) text: Peggy joins Maggie, who is blowing bubblegum and swaying front of an oscillating fan.  Grandma and Walter come in. Grandma gives her a kiss on the cheek.
102) 6) dialog: Let's go.
103) 6) text: Cindy and Peggy enter with the confident air of people wh done this before.  They make it to the head of the aisle quickly.  Peggy gives Ike a wink and an encouraging smile
105) 3) text: Ike rocks imperceptibly, urging her on.  Peggy and Cindy little "come on" motions.  It seems to be working.  Maggi approaches rapidly.  The CROWD has turned from skepticism looks and noises of encouragement.
111) 0) text: Maggie is sitting, end of a long day.  Peggy sticks her h entrance door.
111) 1) dialog: You okay?  I'm closing.
111) 3) dialog: Want to go to Butch's for a drink or something?
111) 5) dialog: Okay. Peggy starts to go, then moves close to Maggie. PEGGY (cont'd) (stepping closer and making a "V" with her fingers) You know, I was just thinking about that geese thing.  I think the "V" was half of a "W".  A "W" for...
111) 7) dialog: Wedding.  Wedding. (holding Maggie's face) You just have to get the rest of your ducks in a row.
111) 9) dialog: Quick.  Very quick. Peggy exits.  Maggie stares, losing herself in thought. VOICE startles her.