2) 0) text: An airstrip overlooking a grey city rocked by artillery fire. A bland CIA Operative, flanked by Special Forces Me stands in front of a commuter plane. CIA Man watches the Land Cruiser pull up, hard. The Militia Men jump out of t vehicle. The Driver shoves the bespectacled man in front of the CI Man. 2.
2) 3) dialog: Dr. Pavel, I'm CIA. Dr. Pavel nods, nervous. CIA Man hands the Driver a briefcase.
2) 7) dialog: You don't get to bring friends.
2) 11) dialog: Why would I want them?
2) 14) dialog: 
2) 17) dialog: Get 'em on board - I'll call it in.
4) 2) dialog: What are you doing in the middle of my operation? 3.
4) 5) dialog: 
4) 9) dialog: 
4) 13) dialog: 
4) 17) dialog: 
4) 22) dialog: Wiseguy, huh? At least you can talk. Who are you?
4) 29) dialog: 
4) 33) dialog: You're a big guy -
4) 36) dialog: 
4) 41) dialog: Why not just ask him?
4) 44) dialog: You have methods.
6) 3) dialog: Well congratulations, you got yourselves caught. What's the next step of your master plan?
8) 0) text: The Spacial Forces react to the turbulence from the plane above. CIA Man looks at Bane.
11) 0) text: Like lightning, Bane has the CIA Man is his handcuffed ar legs wrapped around a seat back, The entire cabin upends. Tumbling chaos - Soldiers falling - Bane cracks CIA Man's neck and drops him onto the Sergeant - they tumble down t plane, smashing into the cockpit door with a terminal thu Dr. Pavel, strapped in, pushes against the seat in front him - the plane vibrates, trying to tear itself apart.
17) 0) text: Our Maid dives into the bustle of Wayne Manor below stair Caterers and Maids, Wait Staff. She overhears another Mai
23) 0) text: Moving toward the line of town cars, the Maid pulls off h white apron, cuffs and collar, leaving a black dress and pearls. A Valet hurries to open a car door for her - she slips into a town car...beside the Congressman. 15.
28) 0) text: Alfred descends into the caverns beneath Wayne Manor.
30) 0) text: Blake and his partner, Ross, get out of their patrol car. DWP Man leads them down a long concrete trough.
30) 2) dialog: They wash up a couple times a month. More when in gets colder - homeless sheltering in the tunnels. We had to pull him to clear the basin, but other than that we didn't touch him... 21.
34) 0) text: Selina Kyle, in a little black dress, walks in with a dru in a Hawaiian shirt. She sits him on a bar stool - walks over to a table where a neatly dressed man, Stryver, sits
36) 0) text: Selina moves to the door. Spots the Congressman under the bar, clutching his bleeding leg.
38) 0) text: Blake enters, gun drawn. Spots the Congressman.
41) 0) text: Blake comes into the alley. Cops surround the manhole.
43) 0) text: Blake jumps back as a fireball bursts out of the manhole.
70) 0) text: Shoeshine Man looks up from the laptop.
70) 2) dialog: They cut the fiber. Cell's working.
70) 4) dialog: Eight minutes. 52.
78) 0) text: Batman pulls up, overlooking the intersection - pulls a rifle-shaped device. A tone builds - he aims it at the bi and fires.
80) 0) text: Batman sees the last two bikes disappear beneath an overpass. He holsters his EMP rifle and guns the Bat-Pod.
87) 0) text: Moving in on a shadow, crouched in front of Daggett's saf working the dial... The shadow slides up a pair of goggle onto the top of its head creating the silhouette of cat ears. It is Catwoman. She turns to the TV, watching the pursuit.
88) 0) text: Bane slips between two cruisers who tear after the Batman He jumps up onto a concrete barrier, then down to the mou of an outflow pipe. He glances at the entire Gotham Polic Department descending on one man. Disappears into the pip
92) 0) text: Thousands of police jockey to pursue the Batman as he rac back into the downtown area.
98) 0) text: Catwoman dumps Daggett onto the roof, towering over him.
99) 0) text: The Bat lands - the canopy opens. Catwoman jumps out.
100) 0) text: Alfred is studying security camera footage of Bane killin at the stock exchange. A roar builds - the waterfall glow brighter until...SMASH! The Bat breaches, downdraft spray water. Two cubes rise - the Bat lands, Batman jumps out. Alfred brushes water off his suit.
125) 0) text: Catwoman speaks over her shoulder as she walks.
127) 0) text: Mercenaries look down on him from above. Catwoman turns.
129) 0) text: Batman climbs to his feet, swaying. Bane approaches.
146) 0) text: A SWAT team about to enter a sewer pipe hear a low echoin boom. They look at each other, then head in. Thousands of Police head into manholes, tunnel entrances, checking weapons, using flashlights...
186) 3) dialog: 
220) 0) text: The Special Forces Men carry boxes into the store as if delivering. The Store Manager leads them into the back an down into -
236) 0) text: A mass of huddled Gothamites. Professionals (traders, industrialists). In a corner, Fox. Mercenaries come down into the chamber, pull out a man, who starts yelling. It Stryver, Daggett's functionary.
254) 0) text: Batman hands Gordon a metal box. 140.
255) 0) text: Blake takes out a second Mercenary - moves over to the op manhole. Ross emerges - nots at Blake, who helps him clim out. BANG - Ross goes down as Blake dives for cover. Blak is grabbed by Mercenaries. They detonate the manhole, sealing it, prepare to execute Blake. A dark shape drops onto the Mercenaries... Blake watches, in awe, as Batman takes them out in a fury of punches and kicks - then it i finished. Quiet. One of the Mercenaries moves slightly.
257) 0) text: Batman leads Catwoman to a rusty old container. He opens revealing the Bat-Pod. Catwoman's eyes light up.
262) 0) text: Catwoman, hearing the distant battle, blasts the tunnel blockage...the dust settles. Her path is clear.
265) 0) text: The black truck rounds the corner. Gordon signals his man a Greyhound bus - who pulls across the street. The truck smashes into the bus and stops. Gordon and his men swarm blasting at the Guards. Gordon opens the back - empty. No bomb. Wrong truck.
268) 0) text: Batman and Bane fight, Batman pushing Bane back - a Tumbl roars between them, separating them. Batman chases after. 146.
269) 0) text: Bane SMASHES backwards through the door, Batman on him. Batman POUNDS Bane against the marble floor. Mercenaries guarding Miranda move towards them -
271) 0) text: Batman cannot move to defend himself. He has Bane by the throat, but Miranda has her knife in his side -
273) 0) text: Talia looks into Bane's eyes as she holds the knife in Batman's side.
280) 0) text: Batman looks at Catwoman.
281) 0) text: Catwoman roars down the steps on the Bat-Pod.
284) 0) text: The Bat descends on the convoy, Catwoman approaches on th ground. A rolling battle ensues. Catwoman targets the rea of the Tumblers, Batman swings the Bat in low at the junctions, trying to force the convoy east... The Tumbler's gun turrets swing around onto Catwoman. She swerves to avoid heavy fire.
286) 0) text: The Bat blasts away in front of the convoy, making a huge crater in front of a Tumbler and trapping it, rear in the air. Catwoman dodges around it, uses the Bat-Pod cannons take out another Tumbler... The countdown ticks away...se minutes.
297) 0) text: Gordon jumps out of the truck, opening the rear doors to expose the glowing core. Catwoman pulls up on the Bat-Pod
301) 0) text: Gordon puts a hand on Batman's arm.
305) 0) text: Gordon, on a platform with dignitaries, watches a statue being unveiled. The curtain parts: Batman, immortalized i granite. We move in on the stone face...