4) 24) dialog: We are nothing. We are the dirt beneath your feet. And no one cared who I was until I put on the mask...
142) 2) dialog: He asks if you would pay us to let you die. I told him you have nothing.
142) 5) dialog: They pay me more than that to keep you alive.
142) 9) dialog: He will try the climb. Strong Man starts scaling the wall. The Prisoners' chant grows stronger as he climbs towards the light.
142) 13) dialog: Of course not.
142) 17) dialog: He says there is one who did. A child... INSERT CUT: a child of about ten looks up towards the lig
142) 19) dialog: A child who had been born in this hell...
142) 22) dialog: An old legend. Nothing more. The Prisoner leaves Wayne's cell - switches on the TV.
142) 25) dialog: Whatever they want you to see...it's happening soon. 95.
190) 0) text: The Prisoners start cheering, shouting.
196) 0) text: Prisoners cheer, pounding against the bars. Selina watches...
200) 0) text: Selina watches as Prisoners stream out of open cell doors She makes her way quietly through the excited throng.
208) 3) dialog: He says you must first straighten your back. The Prisoner helps Wayne roll over, painfully. 113.
208) 7) dialog: He was the prison doctor. A morphine addict who incurred the displeasure of powerful people. Including your masked friend.
208) 10) dialog: Many years ago, during a time of plague, Bane was attacked by other prisoners. The doctor's fumbling attempts to repair the damage left him in perpetual agony. The mask holds his pain at bay.
208) 13) dialog: The legend is that there was a mercenary working for the local warlord who fell in love with his daughter. They married in secret.
208) 15) dialog: When the warlord found out, he condemned the mercenary to this pit. But then exiled him instead. INSERT CUT: the Mercenary is dropped at the side of a bar road. He starts to walk.
208) 16) dialog: The mercenary understood that the warlord's daughter had secured his release, but he couldn't know the true price of his freedom. She had taken his place in the pit.
208) 19) dialog: And she was with the child. The mercenary's child.
208) 21) dialog: One day the doctor forgot the lock the cell... INSERT CUT: Prisoners move into the cell towards his moth The child runs at them with a knife...
208) 23) dialog: Innocence cannot flower underground. It was to be stamped out. But the child had a friend. A protector...
208) 25) dialog: ...who showed the others that this innocence was their redemption. The mother was not so lucky. The Blind Prisoner shouts at the Prisoner. He nods.
208) 27) dialog: This is Bane's prison now. Bane would not want this story told. The Prisoner pulls - Wayne screams in pain as he is pulle upright. The Prisoner ties him off. Checks his spine. You have a protruding vertebra...I'm going to force it back...
208) 30) dialog: You stay like this. Until you stand.
215) 2) dialog: Why build yourself?
215) 8) dialog: Here? There? What's the difference? Wayne ignores this. Focuses on his body...
216) 0) text: Wayne moves to the wall - takes the rope from the Tattooe Prisoner, wraps it around his chest. Curious Prisoners gather, the Prisoner at their head. Wayne looks up at the light, hundreds of feet above. Starts to climb. Prisoners get excited as Wayne RISES - money starts exchanging hand Reaching the precipice, he checks his rope, looks up at t next handhold, far away. He takes a breath, then LEAPS. His fingers brush the ledge. Wayne DROPS a hundred feet - the rope catches, SLAMMING him into the rock face. The Prisoners disperse, losing interest as the Tattooed Priso lowers Wayne on the rope. The Blind Prisoner turns away.
216) 2) dialog: I told you it could not be done.
216) 5) dialog: No ordinary child... INSERT CUT: the Protector fights off prisoners as the Chi older now, moves to the climbing wall A child born in hell. INSERT CUT: the Child makes the climb...pauses, looking d - making eye-contact with the Protector, who fights off Prisoners... They swarm over the Protector, knives drawn. A child forged by suffering, hardened by pain... INSERT CUT: the Child leaps across the abyss, grabbing a handhold on the ledge and swinging up... Not a man from privilege.
231) 2) dialog: He says the leap to freedom is not about strength.
232) 5) dialog: He'll keep. As Wayne drifts into unconsciousness we - INSERT CUT: Young Bruce lies at the bottom of the well, looking up at his father, lowering down to rescue him.
233) 0) text: Wayne wakes with a start - the Blind Prisoner is there.
234) 1) dialog: Supplies for your journey? Prisoners nearby laugh. Wayne moves to the cliff face. Th Prisoner follows, intrigued by Wayne's new demeanor. The Tattooed Prisoner offers him the rope. Wayne refuses. Sta to climb. Prisoners gather around as word spreads. Wayne makes his way cautiously up the treacherous rock face. Do below the Prisoners start a low chant. As Wayne hoists himself up onto the precipice something EXPLODES from the cliff face. Wayne flinches - BATS... Th circle up to the opening above... Wayne closes his eyes. The chant RISES. Wayne takes a breath...opens his eyes...looks down at the drop...up again...then he jumps.