30) 0) text: Blake and his partner, Ross, get out of their patrol car. DWP Man leads them down a long concrete trough.
30) 5) dialog: What?
105) 0) text: A scrapyard on the Gotham river. Across the water, the towers of Gotham. Lucius leads Miranda from her car.
111) 0) text: Wayne stares out the window. Blake glances across.
180) 0) text: Mercenaries hold the bridge. A tank rolls across from the mainland, soldiers behind. The Lead Mercenary uses a bullhorn.
181) 0) text: As night falls the F-22's peel away from the fire-ringed city. The voice of the President echoes across the airwaves...
206) 0) text: Hundreds of Police living underground. Dividing up suppli lowered by ropes... Ross opens a pack of supplies.
210) 0) text: Ross strains to reach a note dangling on a string - he grasps it. All around him are dozens of Cops living underground...
225) 0) text: They head across the empty lobby to an elevator.
227) 0) text: Captain Jones exits the elevator, followed by his men and Blake. Halfway across the floor, hell breaks loose. Mercenaries blast them with machine guns - the lobby beco a devastating ambush. Blake dives back into the elevator.
255) 0) text: Blake takes out a second Mercenary - moves over to the op manhole. Ross emerges - nots at Blake, who helps him clim out. BANG - Ross goes down as Blake dives for cover. Blak is grabbed by Mercenaries. They detonate the manhole, sealing it, prepare to execute Blake. A dark shape drops onto the Mercenaries... Blake watches, in awe, as Batman takes them out in a fury of punches and kicks - then it i finished. Quiet. One of the Mercenaries moves slightly.
265) 0) text: The black truck rounds the corner. Gordon signals his man a Greyhound bus - who pulls across the street. The truck smashes into the bus and stops. Gordon and his men swarm blasting at the Guards. Gordon opens the back - empty. No bomb. Wrong truck.
318) 0) text: Gordon bangs his files against the air duct, straightenin them. He stops. Sees something. The searchlight...fixed. Gordon runs his fingers across a brand new, steel Bat symbol... He looks up into the night...
320) 0) text: Alfred folds his paper. Pulls out his money, then stops, seeing...across the tables, a familiar couple... Bruce smiles at Alfred, who nods. Bruce turns back to the prett brunette in pearls. Selina. Alfred pays his bill, content