24) 0) text: MISS TITCOMB is teaching math to some distracted boys and girls in a corner of the dining room. A blackboard on whe is a mass of numbers. Homer, passing through the dining r with the white enamel pail, attracts the attention of BUS a sixteen-year-old who is picking over a plate of pastrie on a table. Buster immediately goes with Homer.
24) 1) dialog: I'll help you.
24) 2) text: Homer shakes his head, keeps walking. Buster follows. Dr. Larch passes close to Buster. Buster makes a face, disgus
25) 0) text: Buster and Homer tramp through the snow toward the  incinerator. Homer still carries the pail.
25) 1) dialog: He *sniffs* that ether! I've seen  him do it!
25) 3) dialog: He *smells* like he could put you to  sleep!
25) 5) dialog: *You're* a doctor, Homer--you don't  smell like ether.
25) 7) dialog: But you've studied with the old man  for *years*!
25) 9) dialog: I'm sorry, Homer.
25) 10) text: Buster stands watching as Homer empties the pail into the incinerator.
30) 12) dialog: He does it because we like it.
31) 2) text: They shriek as the boys suddenly surprise them. Buster th two hard snowballs that hit Mary Agnes and CLARA (eight o nine) before Mary Agnes overwhelms him and repeatedly sti his head in the snow. Copperfield, terrified of Mary Agne escapes. Curly misses, then tips over the sled of snowbal as Clara and the adorable HAZEL (five or six) throw him t the ground. Fuzzy drops his one snowball; he runs aimless in circles, coughing, as Nurse Edna explodes from a door the orphanage.
31) 4) dialog: (mouth full of snow) They're *our* snowballs! They *stole*  them!
42) 0) text: Homer at the train station, staring down the empty tracks Buster is hanging around with him, kicking a rock.
42) 1) dialog: Do you ever think about leaving this  place to go find them?
42) 2) text: Homer makes no response. As the train approaches, Homer a Buster go sit on a loading cart. They see the distraught  woman (no longer pregnant) from Homer's experience of a f nights ago; she is leaving St. Cloud's without her baby,  waiting for the approaching train. Her face is a mask. Th DISAPPROVING STATIONMASTER gives her a hard look.
42) 3) dialog: I mean your parents.
42) 5) dialog: Why not?
42) 7) dialog: Yeah. But sometimes I wish I could  meet mine, anyway.
42) 9) dialog: Uh... I'd like to show them that I  can cook, a little.
42) 11) dialog: And that I can drive a truck!
42) 13) dialog: Sometimes I want to meet them so I  can kill them. Just sometimes.
42) 14) text: Buster is ashamed; he knows he's said the wrong thing.
42) 15) dialog: Homer, you know I would never kill  anyone--you know I wouldn't.
42) 17) text: The slowly moving train has stopped. There are SOLDIERS  leaning out the windows. Buster turns to see Mary Agnes  walking past the train--she's doing her best to look grow up, sophisticated. One of the soldiers reaches out and ge tugs on  her hair. Mary Agnes is enraged; she spits at th soldier.
42) 18) dialog: I think Mary Agnes could kill someone.
42) 23) dialog: What's she so emotional about?
49) 0) text: Buster and Homer are digging the pit. Larch paces by the  coffin of the 12-year-old girl.
49) 1) dialog: What'd she die of?
49) 3) text: Buster nods, but he's totally bewildered.
49) 5) text: Buster doesn't get it. Homer has heard this too many time he rolls his eyes.
50) 0) text: Buster is driving the old pickup truck, with the shovels a wheelbarrow in the back. Larch and Homer are in the cab they are being bounced all over the cab by Buster's wild  driving. Larch looks at Homer; he stares at him with a cu smile.
50) 8) text: Buster is distracted; he drives the truck into a ditch an it bounces around, missing a tree by an inch. He is up on the road again in a few seconds.
51) 16) text: The other orphans are dying with envy--Candy is so beauti (Some, like Buster, are torn between Candy and the car.)
58) 0) text: Buster and Mary Agnes are serving the evening meal while  Larch rails at Angela and Edna, who are helping Buster an Mary Agnes. The sound of children in the dining hall is  intermittent and chaotic.
60) 8) text: He can't finish what he has to say. Edna kisses him good- bye. From the window, Larch watches the car leave. Buster, whittling a stick, isn't watching.
106) 0) text: Buster helps Larch lower the small coffin into the grave. The tiny gravestone says "F.S."
106) 1) dialog: What are you going to tell the little  ones?
106) 3) dialog: Why would the little ones believe  that *anyone* would adopt him?
106) 5) dialog: Shouldn't we tell Homer?
107) 0) text: The boys in their beds listen to Buster inventing Fuzzy's "family."
107) 1) dialog: It was a family with a better  breathing machine then the one Dr.  Larch built.
108) 1) dialog: The family that adopted Fuzzy, they  *invented* the breathing machine.  It's their business... breathing  machines.
128) 0) text: Supper chaos--Buster and Mary Agnes are doing their best stop a food fight while Larch and Angela and Edna are  completely absorbed reading Homer's letter.
169) 0) text: Buster is bringing in the wood as the music plays Over. B smells the spilled ether. He heads toward the dispensary, sniffing. Camera follows him into the dispensary. In the dispensary: Buster approaches Larch's ether-bed.
169) 1) dialog: Dr. Larch? Dr. Larch?
170) 0) text: Angela enters. She feels for Larch's pulse; Larch is dead Angela opens a window. She pull's Larch's body away from windowsill. Buster joins her on the bed.
174) 2) text: Angela and Buster and Mary Agnes and Edna carry Larch's  coffin; they set it down by the raw hole. The pile of fre dirt stands out against the new snow; the hole is black  against the new white.
178) 0) text: Edna is breaking up fights; this time, instead of fightin over snowballs, the orphans are fighting over their pumpk Suddenly Homer tops the brow of the hill and they all see him. Buster is the first to catch sight of Homer; he runs toward him. Mary Agnes also sees Homer; she immediately t away and runs inside. Music FADES OUT Over.
181) 7) dialog: What are you doing here?
181) 8) text: Homer turns to see Buster, Mary Agnes, Angela, and Edna i the doorway.
183) 8) text: On Copperfield and Steerforth and Curly as the door to th hall is closed and semi-darkness prevails in the room aga Copperfield, smiling, shuts his eyes. After a second, the wide-eyed Steerforth shuts his eyes, too. Then Curly. The last to close his eyes is Buster.