26) 0) text: With his head inclined to the giant ear of Larch's phonog FUZZY--six, thin, and pale and looking remarkably like an embryo--is listening to a recording. He can't hear what L and Homer are saying about him as they construct a humidi tent over a small hospital bed on wheels. The humidifier operated by a car battery.
26) 6) text: Larch plucks Fuzzy from in front of the phonograph and zi him into the breathing tent. Fuzzy smiles. As larch leave MARY AGNES, a pretty but tough-looking teenager, comes in the dispensary.
26) 8) text: Mary Agnes smiles at Homer; then she sticks her tongue ou at him. Homer looks at her impassively, but as the moment continues his expression suggests his annoyance. Fuzzy st to cough; he wheezes as he breathes. Homer leans down; he peers at Fuzzy through a hole by the zipper of the tent.
26) 17) text: Homer is not responding to her come-on. He wheels Fuzzy i the hall.
30) 7) dialog: (in his breathing  tent) Why does Dr. Larch *do* tht every  night?
30) 11) dialog: But why does he do *that*?
31) 2) text: They shriek as the boys suddenly surprise them. Buster th two hard snowballs that hit Mary Agnes and CLARA (eight o nine) before Mary Agnes overwhelms him and repeatedly sti his head in the snow. Copperfield, terrified of Mary Agne escapes. Curly misses, then tips over the sled of snowbal as Clara and the adorable HAZEL (five or six) throw him t the ground. Fuzzy drops his one snowball; he runs aimless in circles, coughing, as Nurse Edna explodes from a door the orphanage.
31) 6) text: Fuzzy coughs and wheezes, trying to catch his breath.
43) 0) text: The orphans are watching King Kong, the part when the gia ape first captures the screaming Fay Wray. Intercut Kong  with the orphans' rapt faces. Homer sits near the front,  mesmerized by the film. Dr. Larch and Angela sit by the  projector; Larch is reading a letter. Fuzzy points to the screen.
43) 1) dialog: (coughing) He thinks she's his *mother*!
43) 4) dialog: He does so! He *loves* her!
43) 10) text: The film breaks--to huge cries of disappointment from the orphans. Fuzzy coughs and coughs while Larch fumbles with the projector. Angela turns on the light while Larch squi at the broken film. The orphans are chanting, "Kong! Kong
44) 0) text: Homer is adjusting Fuzzy's breathing tent as the other bo climb into bed.
44) 1) dialog: Homer... doesn't King Kong think the  woman is his *mother*?
44) 3) dialog: That's why Kong loves her!
44) 4) text: Larch comes in and walks over to Homer and Fuzzy. Larch a Homer exchange a look.
44) 9) text: Larch continues to adjust Fuzzy's breathing tent.
44) 11) dialog: (whispers to Larch) His father's dead, right?
44) 13) text: Close on Fuzzy.
44) 15) text: As Larch bends over Fuzzy to fix the breathing apparatus, Fuzzy whispers.
44) 16) dialog: Is *your* father dead?
44) 18) dialog: *Liver* killed him?
44) 20) dialog: But did you know him?
44) 22) dialog: Did you know your mother better?
44) 24) dialog: What's a nanny do?
44) 26) dialog: Did you grow up around here?
44) 28) dialog: What's an immigrant?
54) 0) text: Cranked at three-quarters, Fuzzy sits in bed, wheezing an coughing. He's drawing with great intensity, using crayon on a piece of paper held by a clipboard. Homer sits on th end of Fuzzy's bed, cleaning up Steerforth. Homer pauses look out of the window; he sees Wally, dashing and spotle in his uniform beside his flashy car. A life Homer might  have had crosses his face.
54) 1) dialog: Homer, when is Halloween?
54) 2) text: Homer turns to Fuzzy, who holds up his picture--a big pum with a jack-o-lantern face.
54) 4) dialog: Is that soon?
54) 5) text: Homer looks at Fuzzy; his little body is working hard jus to breathe.
54) 7) dialog: (disappointed) Oh. It's the best time! How come we  only get pumpkins once a year?
54) 8) text: Fuzzy coughs and coughs.
54) 10) dialog: Why can't we have pumpkins for  Christmas, too? We don't get any  good presents at Christmas, anyway.
60) 0) text: As Homer puts his stuff in the truck of Wally's car, Ange can't resist touching his face. She is too upset to speak From a window, Larch is watching the departure. He sees H saying goodbye to the children, embracing them. From another window, Fuzzy just stares. (Of course he's  coughing.) We see Wally carrying Candy to the car.
105) 0) text: "King Kong" is playing against the bare, white wall. Fuzz is very weak, but he smiles at the sight of the love-stru Kong holding the screaming Fay Wray in his giant hand. Dr Larch runs the projector; he sits close beside Fuzzy. Whe the film breaks in the predictable place, Fuzzy makes no  protest. Dr. Larch looks at Fuzzy, who has stopped breath his eyes are closed.
107) 0) text: The boys in their beds listen to Buster inventing Fuzzy's "family."