74) 7) text: There are some disrespectful suggestions from the pickers concerning what his heroism might have been.
75) 0) text: Homer unpacks his suitcase. (His bed should be nearest Mu and Mr. Rose's.) Jack lies on his bed, smoking. Muddy, al smoking, is sitting on his bed, sharpening a knife. Hero Peaches are playing cards on one of their beds. Mr. Rose finishing shaving. Rose Rose watches Homer unpack.
98) 6) text: In adjacent trees, both Peaches and Hero are picking appl they can hear Homer and Rose Rose, too. (So can Mr. Rose.
102) 0) text: Mr. Rose is instructing Homer as they stand bottling cide in their yellow slickers and rubber boots. Rose Rose is h down the pressboards; Muddy and Hero and Peaches are oper the grinder and the press. Jack is stirring the vat. In a defiant, contemptuous way, Jack keeps flicking the ash of his cigarette into the vat. This make everyone uncomforta only Mr. Rose doesn't appear to notice.
135) 0) text: The door opens. Hero and Peaches barge in, as Homer and C are struggling to return the pillows to the beds.
135) 1) dialog: Who's that?
138) 2) dialog: She ain't hungry, maybe.
142) 0) text: The pickers are at work, on their ladders, when Candy run down the aisle between two rows of trees. She stops at th bottom of Homer's ladder, out of breath. Muddy and Peache and Hero, in the treetops, are watching and listening.
143) 20) text: By his expression--he looks as if he's been punched--it's clear that Mr. Rose didn't *know that*. The other pickers are on their way to lunch; it's obvious that Muddy, Peaches, and Hero already know that Mr. Rose sleeping with his daughter.
153) 0) text: Muddy, Hero and Peaches smoke in their beds. Rose Rose op her curtain and peers out from her bed. She gets up and g toward the kitchen area in her nightshirt; she stops at a unused bed, now covered with white rubber sheeting--Homer medical instruments are displayed and ready. Homer finish scrubbing his hands in the sink. His surgical mask is loo tied around his neck. Mr. Rose is looking at Homer's surgical instruments when  Rose Rose joins him.
153) 9) text: Homer turns to Peaches, Hero, and Muddy.
153) 11) text: Muddy herds Peaches and Hero out of the bunkhouse.
155) 0) text: ...to Muddy and Peaches and Hero huddled under the overha roof in the rain.
157) 0) text: The cider house in the rain. Mr. Rose staggers out; he st there in the rain, trying to regain his composure. He sta to scream. Another angle: huddled under the overhanging roof, Muddy Peaches and Hero are watching him.
158) 7) text: Hero and Peaches, dripping wet, come inside. Peaches is  standing next to the list of rules tacked to the kitchen  support beam.
158) 21) dialog: What do they think? They must think  we're crazy!
158) 27) dialog: Yeah, they don't want us up there  *at all*!
161) 0) text: As he walks toward the cider house, Homer sees Muddy and  Peaches and Hero waving to him from the roof.
163) 0) text: Muddy and Hero and Peaches are sitting close together on roof, like banished children. It is from their perspectiv that we see the police car and the ambulance--two men car the body out of the cider house, and a cop or two talking Homer and Olive, and Homer talking to them. We hear no  dialogue.
172) 0) text: The truck is packed for the long trip south; it passes by the packing house, which looks closed for the season. No else is about. Muddy is driving slowly, his arm out the o window. In the back, huddled among their belongings, are  Peaches and Hero (on one side) and Homer (on the other). pickers are trying to draw Homer into their conversation, while Homer is giving the apple farm a good-bye look. He made up his mind about something.
172) 3) dialog: Ain't you sick of pine trees, Homer?
173) 2) dialog: The Sunshine State!