54) 2) text: Homer turns to Fuzzy, who holds up his picture--a big pum with a jack-o-lantern face.
73) 1) dialog: You already used up the hot water!
73) 3) dialog: I ain't usin' no soap--it's too cold  to bother with soap!
75) 0) text: Homer unpacks his suitcase. (His bed should be nearest Mu and Mr. Rose's.) Jack lies on his bed, smoking. Muddy, al smoking, is sitting on his bed, sharpening a knife. Hero Peaches are playing cards on one of their beds. Mr. Rose finishing shaving. Rose Rose watches Homer unpack.
75) 24) text: Some muttering, some giggling, mostly silence. Rose Rose  wants more, but suddenly Jack jumps out of bed and stomps the kitchen end of the cider house, where a piece of pape is tacked to the wall. Jack is talking to Homer all the w
75) 25) dialog: Since you're the one who's smart  enough to read... what's this?
75) 26) text: Jack points at the piece of paper. Homer gets up and look at it.
75) 28) text: All the men groan--Jack swears and Peaches laughs.
75) 31) dialog: Go on and read 'em, Homer.
88) 3) dialog: Who cares?
88) 5) dialog: Shit. We don't know what he is.
88) 19) dialog: (gesturing toward the  Worthington farmhouse) I bet the view looks better from the  Worthin'tons'.
89) 8) text: He means Jack, who gives Olive and Candy and Mr. Rose a  furtive look. Olive smiles at Rose Rose, who comes up to and Candy. Olive touches Rose Rose with affection.
102) 0) text: Mr. Rose is instructing Homer as they stand bottling cide in their yellow slickers and rubber boots. Rose Rose is h down the pressboards; Muddy and Hero and Peaches are oper the grinder and the press. Jack is stirring the vat. In a defiant, contemptuous way, Jack keeps flicking the ash of his cigarette into the vat. This make everyone uncomforta only Mr. Rose doesn't appear to notice.
102) 4) text: Everyone but Jack laughs. He takes a last drag on his  cigarette, then deliberately drops it into the vat.
102) 6) dialog: Them people drinkin' that cider,  they don't know there's a cigarette  in there!
102) 8) dialog: You mean *swimmin'*. I ain't goin'  in that vat to fish out no cigarette!
102) 10) text: Jack looks for a translation from the other men, who are  nervous.
102) 12) text: Jack pulls a knife on Mr. Rose.
102) 14) dialog: (to Mr. Rose) What business are *you* in?
102) 15) text: We never see Mr. Rose's knife. We see the men circle each other: Jack takes a swipe at Mr. Rose's head--then he ste back, his yellow slicker slashed open. His slicker is ope up, right up the middle. His shirt underneath the slicker slashed open, too--he feels his bare chest and stomach,  feeling for the cut. But there's no cut--Jack's not bleed he's not even scratched. Just his clothes have been slash
102) 17) text: Muddy turns Jack around and views his slashed clothes.
102) 21) text: Jack starts to undress for the vat. Mr. Rose ushers Homer and Rose Rose outside.
116) 12) dialog: Go on and freeze to death if you  want to, Homer.
135) 20) text: One look at Muddy and we know something pretty bad happen to Jack.
173) 0) text: As the pickers' truck drives past, Homer is on the side o the truck nearest the Worthington house and driveway; he  sees Olive and Candy and Ray helping Wally out of the car and into a wheelchair. A NURSE stands by. Wally is wearing what appears to be an oversized officer' coat or flight jacket, his face looking small in the over clothes. He can't move his legs at all, and his mouth is  drawn into a tight-lipped smile.