26) 6) text: Larch plucks Fuzzy from in front of the phonograph and zi him into the breathing tent. Fuzzy smiles. As larch leave MARY AGNES, a pretty but tough-looking teenager, comes in the dispensary.
26) 8) text: Mary Agnes smiles at Homer; then she sticks her tongue ou at him. Homer looks at her impassively, but as the moment continues his expression suggests his annoyance. Fuzzy st to cough; he wheezes as he breathes. Homer leans down; he peers at Fuzzy through a hole by the zipper of the tent.
26) 9) dialog: (garbled because of  her tongue) Look!
26) 10) text: Homer examines Mary Agnes' tongue.
26) 12) dialog: I don't remember.
26) 14) dialog: Maybe I was kissing someone and he  bit me.
26) 16) dialog: I must have been *dreaming* of kissing  someone.
31) 0) text: The girls, led by Mary Agnes, round a corner of the orpha towing a sled piled high with snowballs.
31) 1) dialog: Buster is mine. You two get  Copperfield and Curly. Nobody touches  Fuzzy.
31) 2) text: They shriek as the boys suddenly surprise them. Buster th two hard snowballs that hit Mary Agnes and CLARA (eight o nine) before Mary Agnes overwhelms him and repeatedly sti his head in the snow. Copperfield, terrified of Mary Agne escapes. Curly misses, then tips over the sled of snowbal as Clara and the adorable HAZEL (five or six) throw him t the ground. Fuzzy drops his one snowball; he runs aimless in circles, coughing, as Nurse Edna explodes from a door the orphanage.
31) 5) dialog: They attacked us--just like the Japs!
31) 9) dialog: I know the type--they'll take one of  the babies.
34) 0) text: Hazel is being fussed over by Edna. Hazel clutches a card suitcase and a tattered rag doll. Mary Agnes, by far the  oldest, sits on a bed.
34) 1) dialog: If people want to adopt one of us,  they should have to take the oldest  first.
34) 3) dialog: Hazel's practically the youngest of  us. She should be the *last* to leave!
34) 5) dialog: They take the babies so they won't  ever have to tell them that they  were orphans!
34) 7) dialog: If you cry, Hazel, they'll just send  you back.
34) 10) dialog: That's what they did to me!
42) 17) text: The slowly moving train has stopped. There are SOLDIERS  leaning out the windows. Buster turns to see Mary Agnes  walking past the train--she's doing her best to look grow up, sophisticated. One of the soldiers reaches out and ge tugs on  her hair. Mary Agnes is enraged; she spits at th soldier.
42) 20) text: Mary Agnes spits at *all* the soldiers.
42) 22) text: The soldiers roll up the windows as Mary Agnes improvises some verbal abuse.
58) 0) text: Buster and Mary Agnes are serving the evening meal while  Larch rails at Angela and Edna, who are helping Buster an Mary Agnes. The sound of children in the dining hall is  intermittent and chaotic.
63) 0) text: In the girls' washroom, in front of the mirror by the row sinks, Mary Agnes is repeatedly slapping her face. Angela benediction to the boys plays Over this scene of violent  self-abuse. Except for the sound of the slaps. Mary Agnes doesn't make a sound.
99) 6) text: Suddenly Steerforth bursts through the door, having been  pushed from behind by Mary Agnes. The two stop when they what's going on--not to mention Larch's stern expression. They back out. Mary Agnes winking at Dr. Holtz before the door closes. Mrs. Goodhall is ready to continue.
128) 0) text: Supper chaos--Buster and Mary Agnes are doing their best stop a food fight while Larch and Angela and Edna are  completely absorbed reading Homer's letter.
174) 2) text: Angela and Buster and Mary Agnes and Edna carry Larch's  coffin; they set it down by the raw hole. The pile of fre dirt stands out against the new snow; the hole is black  against the new white.
178) 0) text: Edna is breaking up fights; this time, instead of fightin over snowballs, the orphans are fighting over their pumpk Suddenly Homer tops the brow of the hill and they all see him. Buster is the first to catch sight of Homer; he runs toward him. Mary Agnes also sees Homer; she immediately t away and runs inside. Music FADES OUT Over.
179) 0) text: Mary Agnes crashes into the bathroom and stumbles up to t mirror; she starts to fix herself up with shaking hands.
180) 0) text: Everyone has heard the news; they come on the run. The  children flock around Homer, hugging him. Homer takes Ang and Edna in his arms. Mary Agnes joins the group. Homer t in how changed, how attractive she is. They smile awkward at each other.
181) 8) text: Homer turns to see Buster, Mary Agnes, Angela, and Edna i the doorway.
181) 9) dialog: We made up a room for you.
181) 11) text: Homer smiles; he nods. Angela and Mary Agnes start to put Homer's things back in his bag. Edna picks up the X ray and looks at it with a s expression.
181) 19) text: Homer takes that in; he nods. Mary Agnes touches him  sympathetically.