30) 0) text: Dr. Larch is reading from Oliver Twist--the death scene o Bill Sike's dog. The boys listen in horror in their beds.
72) 1) dialog: Wally? I expected you earlier...
72) 2) text: She appears in the doorway of Wally's room. Mrs. Worthing (OLIVE) is an elegant, fiftyish New Englander, as handsom as Wally, but more reserved. She is surprised to see Home
72) 5) dialog: How do you do, Homer Wells...
72) 9) dialog: Were you a friend of the bride or  the groom?
72) 12) text: Homer is embarrassed, but Olive is obdurately well-manner
72) 13) dialog: Well, perhaps you'll come to dinner,  Homer...
85) 5) text: Homer can see over the apple mart parking lot from the to of the tree. He can see the driveway of the Worthington h where Candy and Olive are saying a tearful good-bye to Wa Distracted, Homer drops another couple of apples, which M Rose observes with a wry smile.
89) 0) text: Homer and the pickers are loading crates of apples into a shipping truck. Olive and Candy are consulting some paper (the shipping tally) on a clipboard; Mr. Rose is standing beside them.
89) 2) dialog: Thank you, Arthur. (see is looking at  Homer) And how is our Homer working out?
89) 5) text: Olive is looking over the rest of the picking crew.
89) 6) dialog: No rotten apples?
89) 8) text: He means Jack, who gives Olive and Candy and Mr. Rose a  furtive look. Olive smiles at Rose Rose, who comes up to and Candy. Olive touches Rose Rose with affection.
89) 9) dialog: Rose... dear girl, I'm sure I can  find you some other clothes. (to Candy) You must have some things that would  fit her.
89) 14) dialog: (charming) Arthur, there's no such thing as a  young woman who's got all the clothes  she needs.
89) 15) text: Olive waves good-bye as she moves toward her car. Candy t to Homer.
101) 0) text: The rain beats down on Olive's car. Homer gets soaking we as he leans in to talk to Candy, who's behind the wheel. Rose calls to Homer from the doorway of the mill room.
109) 0) text: As the men sit at the picnic table eating their cornbread Rose Rose pours coffee. A jeep comes down the orchard roa toward them. It's Olive. Mr. Rose leads the "Good mornin' Mrs. Worthin'ton!" greeting. Olive has an armful of cloth and a fairly sizable package; she brings the latter over Homer.
109) 1) dialog: Some mail for you, Homer.
109) 2) text: Homer shakes the package; he puts the package beside the  table, unopened. Olive turns to Rose Rose.
109) 3) dialog: And some clothes for you, dear-- (nodding to the cider  house) let's go see if they fit.
109) 4) text: Mr. Rose watches Rose Rose and Olive disappear into the c house. The other men view Homer's package with curiosity, especially Peaches.
115) 0) text: Olive and Homer sit at the dining-room table, the remnant of an apple pie in front of them. Homer is still eating.  Pictures of Wally are on the wall.
115) 1) dialog: I used to hate it when Wally went  back to college--even when it was  just college! And this was when his  father was still alive... I hated it  even then. Naturally I hate this  more.
115) 3) dialog: What I mean is... I would like it  very much if you thought you could  be happy here, Homer.
115) 5) dialog: There's not a lot of work in the  winter, and you'll have to tolerate  Vernon--even Wally despises him, and  Wally likes everyone.
115) 6) text: Olive's thoughts drift; her eyes look up at a photo of Wa
115) 8) dialog: (distracted) I don't know. (intently at Homer) Just promise me one thing.
115) 9) text: Homer is tense. Does Olive suspect about Candy?
115) 11) dialog: Just promise me that, if there's a  blizzard, you'll move into Wally's  room until it's over.
116) 0) text: The pickers are moving out; the harvest is over. Olive an Homer stand near the door to the bunkhouse, talking--we c hear their conversation. Rose Rose and the other men walk past them, carrying the last of their belongings to the t Olive and Homer walk over to the truck.
116) 1) dialog: Good-bye. Have a safe trip home.  Thank you, again, for all your hard  work.
116) 4) dialog: Good-bye, Arthur. (she hugs Rose Rose) Homer, I'll see you tomorrow?
116) 6) text: Olive gets in her Jeep and waves as she drives off. The truck is packed. Muddy tugs on a rope that secures th load.
123) 0) text: Olive and Homer and Candy are playing a board game around the fireplace.
126) 0) text: With the radio playing (a popular song), Homer hops acros the bare floor, pulling on his boxer shorts; he opens the door to Olive, who's holding out an armload of blankets t him. He sheepishly thanks her. When Homer closes the door we see a hidden (and stricken) Candy, naked from their  interrupted lovemaking.
149) 0) text: Camera follows Homer into the Worthington house where, fr the front hall, he sees Olive and Candy (in profile) sitt on the couch. We can't see who's talking, nor do we recog the voice. As Homer comes into the living room, we see MA WINSLOW sitting in a chair (also in profile), talking to  Olive and Candy. Major Winslow is a smooth, handsome well-briefed officer the casualty branch of the Army Air Corps; he's done his  homework, but he's not all business. He's painfully aware the delicate nature of his report.
149) 2) dialog: Why was he missing for twenty days?
149) 8) dialog: Then it's malaria?
149) 15) dialog: When will he be home, Major?
163) 0) text: Muddy and Hero and Peaches are sitting close together on roof, like banished children. It is from their perspectiv that we see the police car and the ambulance--two men car the body out of the cider house, and a cop or two talking Homer and Olive, and Homer talking to them. We hear no  dialogue.
173) 0) text: As the pickers' truck drives past, Homer is on the side o the truck nearest the Worthington house and driveway; he  sees Olive and Candy and Ray helping Wally out of the car and into a wheelchair. A NURSE stands by. Wally is wearing what appears to be an oversized officer' coat or flight jacket, his face looking small in the over clothes. He can't move his legs at all, and his mouth is  drawn into a tight-lipped smile.
173) 4) text: Olive is dissolved in tears. Candy is sobbing; she kisses Wally, without ceasing, while he haltingly touches her fa her hair. In the truck the smile is gone from Homer's face. He shak his head.