74) 2) text: Peaches breaks the awkward silence.
74) 3) dialog: What kind of a name is Homer?
75) 0) text: Homer unpacks his suitcase. (His bed should be nearest Mu and Mr. Rose's.) Jack lies on his bed, smoking. Muddy, al smoking, is sitting on his bed, sharpening a knife. Hero Peaches are playing cards on one of their beds. Mr. Rose finishing shaving. Rose Rose watches Homer unpack.
75) 12) dialog: They told Muddy his feet was too  flat!
75) 28) text: All the men groan--Jack swears and Peaches laughs.
88) 12) text: Peaches slides over and Homer sits down.
90) 0) text: An anxious-looking WHITE PLUMBER is fixing the kitchen si while the pickers (in their towels) stand around and watc Homer is putting on his best shirt. Peaches admires the s as Rose Rose cooks the night's supper on the wood stove.
90) 1) dialog: Whoa--look at that Homer! He's gettin'  all dressed up for supper tonight!
98) 6) text: In adjacent trees, both Peaches and Hero are picking appl they can hear Homer and Rose Rose, too. (So can Mr. Rose.
98) 7) dialog: That Candy--she's the nicest girl I  know!
102) 0) text: Mr. Rose is instructing Homer as they stand bottling cide in their yellow slickers and rubber boots. Rose Rose is h down the pressboards; Muddy and Hero and Peaches are oper the grinder and the press. Jack is stirring the vat. In a defiant, contemptuous way, Jack keeps flicking the ash of his cigarette into the vat. This make everyone uncomforta only Mr. Rose doesn't appear to notice.
102) 13) dialog: (whispers excitedly  to Jack) You don't wanna go in the knife  business with Mistuh Rose--just say  you're in the *apple* business, Jack!
102) 19) dialog: The good news, Jack, is you're half- undressed for *swimmin'*...
109) 4) text: Mr. Rose watches Rose Rose and Olive disappear into the c house. The other men view Homer's package with curiosity, especially Peaches.
109) 5) dialog: Ain't you gonna see what it is, Homer?
109) 7) dialog: Sorry, Homer...
116) 10) dialog: We see you next harvest.
135) 0) text: The door opens. Hero and Peaches barge in, as Homer and C are struggling to return the pillows to the beds.
135) 2) dialog: It's that Homer!
135) 7) dialog: It look nicer then home!
136) 0) text: The pickers on their ladders, all picking. Homer is now a good picker; he looks over at Rose Rose. She is slumped  against the ladder, not picking, completely ignoring an  argument beneath them in the aisle between the trees. (Mr Rose is checking over the apples Peaches has just picked.
136) 2) dialog: They ain't drops--I picked 'em off  the tree!
138) 1) dialog: (calling after her) Ain't you eatin' with us, Rose? (to the men) She used to eat with us. Now we ain't  good enough for her, I guess.
143) 20) text: By his expression--he looks as if he's been punched--it's clear that Mr. Rose didn't *know that*. The other pickers are on their way to lunch; it's obvious that Muddy, Peaches, and Hero already know that Mr. Rose sleeping with his daughter.
153) 0) text: Muddy, Hero and Peaches smoke in their beds. Rose Rose op her curtain and peers out from her bed. She gets up and g toward the kitchen area in her nightshirt; she stops at a unused bed, now covered with white rubber sheeting--Homer medical instruments are displayed and ready. Homer finish scrubbing his hands in the sink. His surgical mask is loo tied around his neck. Mr. Rose is looking at Homer's surgical instruments when  Rose Rose joins him.
153) 9) text: Homer turns to Peaches, Hero, and Muddy.
153) 11) text: Muddy herds Peaches and Hero out of the bunkhouse.
155) 0) text: ...to Muddy and Peaches and Hero huddled under the overha roof in the rain.
157) 0) text: The cider house in the rain. Mr. Rose staggers out; he st there in the rain, trying to regain his composure. He sta to scream. Another angle: huddled under the overhanging roof, Muddy Peaches and Hero are watching him.
158) 7) text: Hero and Peaches, dripping wet, come inside. Peaches is  standing next to the list of rules tacked to the kitchen  support beam.
158) 8) dialog: Look at that. Them same damn rules  is tacked up again!
158) 19) dialog: That's the best place to eat lunch!
158) 26) dialog: Why don't they just say, "Stay off  the roof!"?
158) 32) dialog: They're *outrageous*, them rules!
161) 0) text: As he walks toward the cider house, Homer sees Muddy and  Peaches and Hero waving to him from the roof.
161) 2) dialog: She took off in the night!
163) 0) text: Muddy and Hero and Peaches are sitting close together on roof, like banished children. It is from their perspectiv that we see the police car and the ambulance--two men car the body out of the cider house, and a cop or two talking Homer and Olive, and Homer talking to them. We hear no  dialogue.
172) 0) text: The truck is packed for the long trip south; it passes by the packing house, which looks closed for the season. No else is about. Muddy is driving slowly, his arm out the o window. In the back, huddled among their belongings, are  Peaches and Hero (on one side) and Homer (on the other). pickers are trying to draw Homer into their conversation, while Homer is giving the apple farm a good-bye look. He made up his mind about something.
172) 2) dialog: He ain't never been outta Maine!
173) 1) dialog: Let me tell you somethin' about  Florida, Homer.
173) 3) dialog: It's so nice 'n' warm down there,  you can pick them grapefruits and  oranges *naked*, if you want to.
173) 7) dialog: Homer, stayin' in Maine ain't movin'  on!