12) 0) text: Larch instructs an older Homer from "Gray's Anatomy." Hom is bored and looks out the window.
27) 0) text: In the girls' bunk room, Nurse Edna is saying prayers. Th girls lie with their palms pressed together on their ches
41) 0) text: Homer wheels a tray with glasses of water between the bed A DISTRAUGHT PREGNANT WOMAN stops him by her bed.
43) 0) text: The orphans are watching King Kong, the part when the gia ape first captures the screaming Fay Wray. Intercut Kong  with the orphans' rapt faces. Homer sits near the front,  mesmerized by the film. Dr. Larch and Angela sit by the  projector; Larch is reading a letter. Fuzzy points to the screen.
43) 2) text: King Kong is undressing Fay Wray in the cave.
54) 0) text: Cranked at three-quarters, Fuzzy sits in bed, wheezing an coughing. He's drawing with great intensity, using crayon on a piece of paper held by a clipboard. Homer sits on th end of Fuzzy's bed, cleaning up Steerforth. Homer pauses look out of the window; he sees Wally, dashing and spotle in his uniform beside his flashy car. A life Homer might  have had crosses his face.
57) 0) text: As Homer stands guiltily, Larch rifles through an X-ray f holding various X rays up to the lit screen. He quickly f the one he's looking for, attaching it briefly to the scr for a confirming look--a heart X ray, which Larch waves a Homer as he talks.
57) 8) text: Larch hands Homer the heart X ray.
57) 11) text: Camera closes on Homer with the X ray.
59) 0) text: Homer is packing his things--we see the heart X ray, and  some photos of Larch and Edna and Angela. Larch approaches Homer with a small bundle of clothes.
60) 6) text: Homer gets in the passenger seat beside Wally, who starts the car; suddenly there is Curly. Homer can't look at Cur who looks betrayed. Edna picks up Curly and carries him t the passenger-side window. Curly is sobbing.
75) 4) text: He holds up the X ray, in order to show her.
92) 0) text: Ray holds a lobster up to the camera. We see the old-fash wooden pens, floating dockside.
92) 1) dialog: Hungry?
93) 0) text: Homer and Ray and Candy go up the gangplank from the dock the lobster pound.
93) 1) dialog: They're the garbage-eaters of the  ocean's floor. The seagulls clean up  the shore. The lobsters clean up the  bottom of the sea.
93) 3) dialog: Everything that falls to the bottom.
93) 5) dialog: (to Candy) I was lookin' for Wally's letter. I  was gonna show it to Homer... (to Homer) They made him a captain already-- *Captain* Worthington!
93) 7) dialog: He mentions Homer, too, you know.
93) 10) dialog: (to Homer) Wally said the most spectacular hits  were in the oil fields at Yenangyat.
105) 0) text: "King Kong" is playing against the bare, white wall. Fuzz is very weak, but he smiles at the sight of the love-stru Kong holding the screaming Fay Wray in his giant hand. Dr Larch runs the projector; he sits close beside Fuzzy. Whe the film breaks in the predictable place, Fuzzy makes no  protest. Dr. Larch looks at Fuzzy, who has stopped breath his eyes are closed.
111) 5) text: Candy holds up a piece of glass to the sun for Homer to l at. The ocean is a gray-green color, the glass a paler sh of green.
114) 7) text: Ray comes out onto the dock; he sees Homer throwing anoth snail.
114) 8) dialog: Every time you throw a snail off the  dock, you're makin' someone start  his whole life over.
114) 11) text: Ray looks at the two of them; he sighs.
114) 12) dialog: It's gettin' late. I think I'll pack  it in.
114) 14) text: Ray nods good night; he leaves. Homer looks expectantly a Candy.
119) 0) text: Homer is learning how to "haul" a lobster pot with Ray an Candy's guidance.
120) 0) text: Following Ray's example, Homer is trying to "disarm" the  lobsters' big claws by blocking them shut with the little wooden wedges. Roy works quickly, never getting pinched. Candy watches, Homer gets pinched.
151) 0) text: Ray is throwing snails in the water. Candy sits on the en of the dock, slumped on Homer's shoulder.
151) 1) dialog: How about him not needin' the friggin'  compass! How about that?
151) 3) text: Ray knows that she wants him to leave. He shuffles off th dock, toward the house. He knows how they both must feel.
151) 4) dialog: Good night, kids. Don't catch cold-- it's gettin' cold already.
173) 0) text: As the pickers' truck drives past, Homer is on the side o the truck nearest the Worthington house and driveway; he  sees Olive and Candy and Ray helping Wally out of the car and into a wheelchair. A NURSE stands by. Wally is wearing what appears to be an oversized officer' coat or flight jacket, his face looking small in the over clothes. He can't move his legs at all, and his mouth is  drawn into a tight-lipped smile.
175) 0) text: We see the faces of the girls praying for Larch (Mary Agn too) as Edna finishes her favorite prayer.
181) 6) text: Curly is duly impressed; he walks away to examine his new treasure. Homer continues unpacking. He pulls his X ray o and puts it aside.
181) 11) text: Homer smiles; he nods. Angela and Mary Agnes start to put Homer's things back in his bag. Edna picks up the X ray and looks at it with a s expression.