51) 0) text: The luxurious convertible (now parked) has drawn all the  orphans to it. The handsome young officer (WALLY) and the beautiful young woman (CANDY) stand confused by the car;  they are surrounded by the curious orphans, with whom the are painfully self-conscious. They are overly friendly to the children as they are anxious of Larch and Homer and B (in their gravedigging attire), who are getting out of th truck. Nervously, Wally gives the children chocolates.
51) 2) dialog: Well, this *is* an orphanage.
51) 3) text: The kids climb into Wally's car.
51) 8) dialog: (good with kids) The best? Wow! The best at *what*?
51) 19) text: Virtually all the orphans have climbed into Wally's car.
51) 21) dialog: It's okay--I don't mind.
51) 23) dialog: We brought some chocolates for the  kids.
52) 3) text: Wally jumps up to his feet to shake Homer's hand.
52) 4) dialog: Wally. Wally Worthington.
52) 5) text: Wally sits down. The three sit still for an awkward momen
52) 8) text: Homer writes on a piece of paper. Candy and Wally exchang worried look.
52) 9) dialog: So, now, uh... you're not... I mean,  do *you* do the--
52) 11) dialog: (relieved) Ah, well... okay. Good! I just  wondered...
52) 18) text: Candy and Wally can't conceal how impressed they are with the young Homer.
53) 0) text: Homer walks down the corridor, dressed in his operating g as the door to the O.R. opens and Wally stumbles out,  hurriedly opening a window. Wally breathes deeply to rega his composure.
53) 1) dialog: I think it was the ether--the smell  got to me. (pause) God. This is all my fault.
53) 6) text: Homer nods to Edna, who is marching off with Curly. Wally smiles at Homer.
53) 8) dialog: A B-24 Liberator.
53) 10) dialog: Have you enlisted?
53) 12) dialog: Really! Is it serious?
53) 14) text: Wally hears Homer's facetiousness--how tired he is of his heart condition.
53) 15) dialog: Oh, well. I don't imagine there's  any strain or stress around *here*!
53) 16) text: Homer appreciates the joke. The door to the operating room that Wally exited opens in the corridor; Candy is being wheeled out on a gurney by L and Angela. Wally rushes to Candy's side. Homer follows  slowly. Candy is groggy, coming out of the ether.
53) 17) dialog: How is she doing?
53) 21) dialog: It's all over, honey.
53) 29) text: Wally is left alone in the corridor.
54) 0) text: Cranked at three-quarters, Fuzzy sits in bed, wheezing an coughing. He's drawing with great intensity, using crayon on a piece of paper held by a clipboard. Homer sits on th end of Fuzzy's bed, cleaning up Steerforth. Homer pauses look out of the window; he sees Wally, dashing and spotle in his uniform beside his flashy car. A life Homer might  have had crosses his face.
54) 11) text: Homer looks out the window at Wally again. His decision f
55) 0) text: Homer approaches the flashy car, where Wally is still pac
55) 2) dialog: Actually, someone did. I just didn't  think I could eat anything.
55) 5) dialog: Sure! Be glad to! Uh... a ride where?
55) 7) dialog: We're heading back to Cape Kenneth.
55) 10) text: Wally nods.
60) 0) text: As Homer puts his stuff in the truck of Wally's car, Ange can't resist touching his face. She is too upset to speak From a window, Larch is watching the departure. He sees H saying goodbye to the children, embracing them. From another window, Fuzzy just stares. (Of course he's  coughing.) We see Wally carrying Candy to the car.
60) 2) dialog: I don't want you to walk--I want to  carry you. Should I put the top up?  It might get cold.
60) 4) text: She speaks to Homer, touching his sleeve, like a sleepy  person, as Wally puts her gently in the backseat.
60) 6) text: Homer gets in the passenger seat beside Wally, who starts the car; suddenly there is Curly. Homer can't look at Cur who looks betrayed. Edna picks up Curly and carries him t the passenger-side window. Curly is sobbing.
61) 0) text: There is quiet as the journey gets underway. Wally keeps  glancing at Candy in the rear-view mirror; she seems dist lost in thought. Homer is taking everything in--the speed the road, the wind in his face.
65) 0) text: The radio is playing. Candy is lying down, her knees draw up, in the backseat; she appears to be asleep, oblivious Homer and Wally's conversation.
65) 1) dialog: Actually, the Army has given me leave  twice. First when my father died,  and now I'm on leave to help my mother-- I'm just trying to get her ready for  the harvest. She's no farmer. Apples  were my dad's business. And with the  war on, she's short on pickers.
65) 4) dialog: (to Homer) I never said they were boring.
65) 6) dialog: Well, they aren't.
65) 9) dialog: You're a little overqualified, aren't  you?
65) 11) dialog: The only jobs are picking jobs.  Picking apples is truly boring.
65) 14) dialog: Well, *picking* them is! It's about  as exciting as... walking!
65) 15) text: Candy seems irritated with Wally. Homer tries to engage h
65) 21) dialog: (amazed) You've never seen the *ocean*?
65) 23) dialog: That's not funny... that's *serious*.
66) 0) text: The car is parked at the side of the road. Wally is half- hidden behind a tree. Candy and Homer are left alone in t car; there's an awkward silence as Homer pretends not to  hear Wally's excessive peeing. Suddenly Candy starts to s
66) 10) text: He doesn't, really. Wally returns. Wally leans over Candy hug her.
66) 11) dialog: Honey, honey... of course I'll come  back.
66) 14) text: Wally backs away. Candy sobs uncontrollably.
66) 16) text: Wally signals to Homer to get out of the car. Later, Wally and Homer stand outside the car, overhearing Candy's weeping. Homer is smoking nervously.
66) 18) dialog: I don't *have* any time. There's a  *war*!
66) 20) text: Wally looks at Homer, who takes a nervous drag on his  cigarette.
66) 21) dialog: You ought to cut that shit out--it's  terrible for you.
66) 22) text: Homer looks at Wally; he sees the authority in his eyes.  Homer drops his cigarette and puts it out with his foot. They notice that Candy has stopped crying. Wally finds Ca asleep in the backseat.
68) 0) text: The car is parked, with Homer sleeping in it alone. The s of the ocean increase as Homer opens his eyes. Homer gets out of the car and walks toward the beach, enchanted. The it is: his first view ever of an ocean, the horizon, the glimmering on the water. Candy is lying on a blanket in t sand. Wally is throwing rocks in the water. Homer takes i all in. When Candy calls for him, Homer walks up to her.
68) 3) dialog: Catch!
68) 4) text: A football comes flying through the air toward Homer; it  bounces off his chest. Wally laughs.
68) 5) dialog: (meaning the football) Give it here!
68) 7) dialog: What was *that*?! Come over here!
68) 8) text: Homer runs over to Wally, who proceeds to show him how to pass the ball. Snatches of his instruction drift to Candy who closes her eyes. "Put your fingers on the laces--no, rests in your palm, like this! You want the laces up--yes like that!"
69) 0) text: Homer and Wally sit on the beach a short distance from Ca blanket. She appears to be asleep. Wally looks in her  direction before he speaks to Homer.
69) 1) dialog: It's called the Burma run. It's about  a seven-hour round-trip flight between  India and China.
69) 2) text: Wally draws a crude map in the sand.
69) 4) dialog: *And* over the Himalayas. That's  called flying over the hump.
69) 7) dialog: I've got thirty-five minutes to climb  to fifteen thousand feet--that's the  first mountain pass.
69) 8) text: Homer looks at Wally, thoughtfully.
69) 10) dialog: (conspiratorially) Actually, I volunteered.
69) 13) text: Wally nods; he also gives a look in Candy's direction bef he responds.
69) 14) dialog: I love the bombing, too. But there's  also the Himalayas--they have the  most wicked air currents in the world.  I wouldn't miss flying there for  anything.
69) 15) text: Homer's smile suggests that he's impressed, but that he  wouldn't have Wally's enthusiasm for the task. Wally laug and puts his hand on Homer's shoulder.
69) 16) dialog: Uh, look... if you're serious about  wanting a job, picking apples isn't  that boring.
70) 0) text: The car is parked at a lobster pound. Homer sits in the c watching Wally carrying Candy's bag to the door. Candy st outside the car; she shakes Homer's hand.
70) 3) text: Candy turns and heads toward the house to catch up with W A lobsterman in his boat is approaching the dock. It's RA Candy's father. Candy waves. "Hi, Daddy!" Homer glances a Candy and Wally on the dock, kissing good-bye.
70) 5) dialog: I love you, too. See you tomorrow.
71) 0) text: Wally drives up to the Worthington house; he gets out of car. Homer sits in the car, admiring the beautiful farmho
71) 1) dialog: Come on. You have to meet my mom. (conspiratorially) If it comes up, I've been at a  wedding. That's where I met you, at  the wedding.
72) 0) text: Homer as never seen such a room: the sports trophies, the photos of athletic teams, and of Candy with Wally. Model  airplanes are everywhere. Mrs. Worthington's voice comes  from the hall.
72) 2) text: She appears in the doorway of Wally's room. Mrs. Worthing (OLIVE) is an elegant, fiftyish New Englander, as handsom as Wally, but more reserved. She is surprised to see Home
72) 3) dialog: This is Homer Wells--he's the most  overqualified apple picker you'll  ever meet, but he's dying to learn  the apple business.
72) 4) text: Wally is taking his uniform off as he speaks, just droppi it on the floor as he quickly puts on some farm clothes.
72) 10) text: Homer looks confused; he seems to have forgotten about th alleged wedding. Wally puts his arm around Homer, urging into the hall.
72) 11) dialog: Homer is everybody's friend, Mom...  the bride's, the groom's, mine,  Candy's, *everybody's*.
72) 14) text: Wally calls to her as he pushes Homer down the hall.
72) 15) dialog: Not tonight, Mom--he's got to meet  *Mr. Rose*!
73) 0) text: Homer and Wally get out of the jeep at the cider house, a barnlike building with adjacent sheds and, behind it, lin after line of trees--the apple orchards. Homer sees an outdoor shower where THREE BLACK MEN are  showering. It is a wooden stall that leaves the shower's  occupants visible above and below their midsections. A FO BLACK MAN is caught naked, running behind the cider house and out of sight as he wraps a towel around himself.
73) 5) dialog: They're migrants.
73) 7) dialog: Yes. They pick fruit, all kinds.  They travel up and down the coast  with the seasons. (leaning close to  Homer) The trick to Mr. Rose is, you have  to let him be the boss.
73) 8) text: Homer wonders what that means as Wally reaches for the do of the cider house. Before Wally can knock, a pretty youn black girl, ROSE ROSE, bumps open the screen door with he hip and throws a bucket of water in the grass--almost hit Homer and Wally.
73) 10) dialog: Rose, this is Homer--Homer, this is  Mr. Rose's daughter, Rose.
73) 13) dialog: No, no--Homer is a new *picker*.  He's going to stay here with you.
73) 18) text: Grinning, Mr. Rose shakes Wally's hand. Rose Rose goes ba inside the cider house as Mr. Rose shakes Homer's hand. H introduces himself.
73) 20) dialog: Homer's got no experience, Arthur,  but he's smarter then I am. He's a  fast learner.
73) 23) text: Wally slaps Homer on the back; he goes inside the cider h to help Rose Rose with the plumbing.
73) 24) dialog: (over his shoulder) See you later.
81) 0) text: Wally in his farm clothes at the wheel of the Jeep--he is racing through the orchards, dodging trees, with Homer in the passenger seat, hanging on for dear life.
81) 1) dialog: Remember this! In the morning, when  the tall grass is wet, you can make  the Jeep slide on the grass. Can you  feel it?
81) 2) text: Homer is excited as Wally weaves among the trees--faster faster.
81) 3) dialog: It's almost like flying.
81) 5) dialog: The trees are flak--antiaircraft  fire from those geeks on the ground.
81) 6) text: Wally brakes hard. The Jeep comes to a stop in the packin house area. Candy has been waiting on the loading platform. The picke are working in the background.
81) 7) dialog: (defensively to Candy) I was just showing Homer the  orchards... kind of a geography  lesson.
81) 11) dialog: (teasing her) He *loved* it! (to Homer) Didn't you?
81) 13) text: Wally gets the apple branch away from Candy. He pins her  arms at her sides--he hugs her, kisses her. She doesn't  struggle.
81) 15) dialog: *Homer* liked it! (to Homer) Didn't you?
82) 0) text: Homer is walking with Wally and Candy. The orchards are  beautiful.
83) 4) text: Wally, in full uniform, appears from inside the packing h he calls for Homer.
83) 6) text: Homer smiles are runs toward Wally.
84) 0) text: Homer and Wally walk through the packing house, where the HEFTY, LOUD WOMEN sort through the apples rolling by on t conveyor tracks. Wally snatches an apple from one of them giving it to Homer.
84) 1) dialog: (to Homer) You getting along okay?
84) 6) text: Wally makes an effort to introduce Homer, but he's  interrupted.
84) 11) text: Wally puts his hand to his heart.
84) 12) dialog: You girls make it hard for a guy to  go off to war. (points to Homer) But I'll leave my best man here to  pinch-hit for me.
84) 13) text: As the women are left behind giggling, Wally continues ta to Homer.
84) 14) dialog: Uh... I'm shipping out sooner than I  thought. I just wanted to be sure  you were settled in--and happy enough,  considering... (grabbing another  apple from a crate) Are you bored stiff? Or can you stick  it out for a bit?
84) 16) dialog: (his hand on Homer's  shoulder) You're the one who's helping *me*,  Homer. You're going to give my mom a  little peace of mind while I'm gone.  Candy, too.
84) 18) dialog: I don't think so, Homer. *I'm* the  lucky one.
84) 19) text: Homer shakes his head. Wally stops walking; they both sto
84) 20) dialog: (more serious) You want to fight about it?
84) 21) text: Homer is unfamiliar with this kind of kidding around; at  first he is startled, but then he laughs. Wally laughs, t They shake hands. Mr. Rose calls out to Homer from the tractor. The pickers are impatiently waiting for him on the flatbed; they're g back to the orchard. Homer has to run to catch up to them He jumps on the flatbed; he sees Wally waving good-bye.
104) 0) text: Wally's car comes bouncing along the ditches of the close drive-in. Homer is at the wheel; Candy calls out some dri instructions. The car comes to a stop next to a speakerpo Candy leans out; she grabs the speaker and hangs it on th window. Homer sits back and drapes his arms out the windo and over the seat. He feels great.
104) 24) text: At the mention of Wally they both look a little self- conscious.
115) 0) text: Olive and Homer sit at the dining-room table, the remnant of an apple pie in front of them. Homer is still eating.  Pictures of Wally are on the wall.
148) 0) text: It's much colder; the pickers are on their ladders in the trees again, but they're dressed for the cold. Homer is h on a ladder; he turns toward the view of the Worthington  house when he hears a car come to a screeching halt in th driveway. Homer sees Candy get out of Wally's car; she le the door open and runs toward the house. Parked in front Wally's car is an Army Jeep, with an ENLISTED MAN leaning against it. The indifferent soldier smokes a cigarette as watches Candy run.
160) 0) text: The rain has stopped but the grass is wet, the trees  glistening in the dawn light as Wally's car stops and Hom gets out. The car exits the frame in one direction; Homer walking, exits the frame in another.
173) 0) text: As the pickers' truck drives past, Homer is on the side o the truck nearest the Worthington house and driveway; he  sees Olive and Candy and Ray helping Wally out of the car and into a wheelchair. A NURSE stands by. Wally is wearing what appears to be an oversized officer' coat or flight jacket, his face looking small in the over clothes. He can't move his legs at all, and his mouth is  drawn into a tight-lipped smile.
173) 4) text: Olive is dissolved in tears. Candy is sobbing; she kisses Wally, without ceasing, while he haltingly touches her fa her hair. In the truck the smile is gone from Homer's face. He shak his head.