1) 1) dialog: in lacy camisole, doeskin skirt, boots whirls from an old
1) 4) dialog: (voice over; after a pause} It seemed endless. I was sure I had lost him at the river, in the winter of ‘Seventy-four.’ Shotgun aimed at her breast, he takes a step inside.
1) 5) dialog: Angelina surreptitiously slides a boot dagger from its sh
1) 7) dialog: (voice over) When I told him it was October --
1) 9) text: 4 Cont. His eyes Gart about the room, lock onto the saidlebags on bunk. He moves that way. With one graceful movement, Angelina grabs the dagger's t and flips it underneand. & silver flash streaks through t air and Grogan falls, back out the door, deader than yest Angelina throws on a doeskin poncho and snatches up the saddlebags.
1) 10) dialog: (voice over) That was the end of Grogan, the man who killed my father, raped and murdered my sister, burned my ranch, shot my dog... (exiting) «« And stole my Bible.
2) 0) text: Stealing the shotgun off Grogan, Angelina cocks the weapo and scans thé area. Her horse is tethered near Grogan's.
2) 1) dialog: (voice over) He had come alone. But if there was one law in the West... {dashing for her horse) Bastards had brothers... cuT TO:
3) 0) text: Angelina races up a gulch, suddenly reins in her horse.
3) 1) dialog: {voice over) Who seemed to ride forever.
3) 8) dialog: {voice over) But Jesse would stop them. He x promised me that. On the word, Jesse comes thundering down the slope. x
3) 11) dialog: (voice over) Jesse never broke a promise.
3) 14) dialog: {voice over) My legs wrapped tighter around my steed as I watched Jesse give chase. He was a rider in the whirlwind, roaring away into the x twees...
3) 17) dialog: (voice over) «~..twees? A se t. or f-correcting IBM Selectric hackeracke, Lifting the last letters off the pass.
4) 0) text: Moving to the intercom, Joan passes her Exercycle, and the framed cover of her previous novels: "The Ravagers", "The Return of Angelina", etc. Again the BUZZER sounds, twice, fast. Joan slows, pauses, finally depresses the speaker button.
4) 9) dialog: (voice over) «+..a rider in the whirlwind, roaring away into the trees...
5) 0) text: Angelina and horse seem like one as they race off, Angeli looking back over her shoulder.
5) 1) dialog: {voice over) And I knew then that Jesse would never disappoint me. He was the man I loved, the one man I could trust. And we would spend the rest of our lives...together.
7) 0) text: An Editor, RICHARD, attractive in an intellectual way; an a Junior Editor, CAROLYN, scan pedestrians. Behind them a big poster announces Joan's newest book, “Angelina's Sava -- with an added notice taped across it: “Joan Charles, T They see Joan climbing out of a cab a little up the stree rush to meet her.
7) 7) text: You're my very fuvorite writer. Angelina is my very faveris character. Your books have saved my life. Their eyes hold, then the San scurries off. Joan staring after her hurriedly. incredulously. Richard is packing his briefcase
44) 35) text: 'The Ravegers,' ‘Wicked, Loving Kisses.' I'm waiting for ‘Angelina's Savage Secret.' And now you are here, in Colombia; you want a drink? I got Jim Beams here, Jack Daniel, anything you drink. What do you want, Joan Charles? Want to take a jacuzzi, play some music? He turns on some MUSIC.
65) 3) text: Joan descends the stairs. In the "Angelina" Cress. Shiny soft hair. She's better than cover art. A little shy, a l self-conscious, but a dazzler.