9) 2) text: {fascinated by the reptiles) » Look at those snappers, will ya? Once a hustler in New York, Ira parlayed ego and a x conniving sensibility into a moderste-sized operation in Columbia. Ralph is Ira's henchman, and none too happy abo his status or the way he is treated. Cont. He rolls his eyes, comes over.
9) 9) dialog: No I didn't, sweetheart, but I know who did and if yor think a lotta bad shit's been comin!’ G@aem an tae lated, ty eu
11) 0) text: Ira hovers menacingly by Elaine. cheating at solitaire. situation.
28) 0) text: A portable ship-to-shore receiver is handed to Ira. He and Elaine are lunching at a well-laid table. Elaine picks at her food, glancing at the baby alligator by Ira's plate.
29) 2) text: conversing with Santos, pointing a lot -- Ralph is aion pirating a phone call, backed against a wall paperce w "Wanted" posters. Behind him, in a cell, a wild-eyed begs for help.
29) 4) dialog: Ralph, you little twerp, where . x are you? :
29) 6) dialog: Ralph, will you for Chrissake tell me the story. The policia have left Ralph alone again now.
29) 8) dialog: Do they know who you are?
29) 19) dialog: Ralph, goddamn it, I don't care what you do, just get me that map <- just get it!
29) 21) dialog: Little sister took the wrong road and that third party I told you about...he's tagging along.
29) 23) dialog: The butcher who killed your husband. A very powerful man -- with his own private army to back him up. : Whether he calls himself Dr. Zolo, ‘Minister of Antiquities,' or Colonel Zolo, Deputy-Commander of the Secret Police, he's still juste a@ butcher -- and right now Joan Charles is New York sirloin. (stabs Elaine's unfinished steak) : I sincerely hope that girl learn: to get her ass in gear. He tosses the steak through the porthole. our 15 — 76
61) 0) text: Ira is onthe phone again. Elaine is in the b.g., sitting on a cot, handcuffed to a.rail, anxiously waiting for the outcome of this call.
61) 1) dialog: Ralph, of all the things you could say to me right now, 'I've lost her! is what's gonna get the most teeth broken in your mouth.
82) 9) text: The Renault and foliowing jeeps swerve to miss Ralph as t Posse races past. ‘Through the dust we SED Ralph is miraculously untrampled ané still ina nuclear bali. The Renault turns off the road and roars toward the wall vegetation, jeeps in hot pursuit. our 242
89) 0) text: Ira on the phone. Elaine waiting anxiously near him.
89) 1) dialog: So you made it finally. Got the map? Good. No <= you don't ‘talk to her till I get it. Now look out your window -- you see the Fort across the bay? The Tower? You take a water taxi, right outside your hotel, you meet me there in an hour. All by yourself, okay? Be hangs up, looks at Elaine.
95) 2) dialog: . (o.8.) Stop right there! She stops.
95) 9) dialog: (o.s.) Drop the map and back off. Joan does. Ira steps from the shadows. A dark look passes between Ira and Joan as he walks toward the map.
95) 11) dialog: (threatening) Joan Charles...You and your sister -- {simply) “- can go. He laughs at his little joke as TWO LONGSHOREMEN, beth carrying rifles, step into the Light, one sieviagd Elsi forward.
95) 17) text: Ira reaches for the sky.
95) 19) dialog: Zolo... Leering at Joan, Zolo walks over to Ira. He holds out his hand. Ira painfully surrenders the map. Zolo stares at it then flicks his Bic and sets it aflame. Ira gasps, horcif Zolo drops the flaming map; Ira hopelessly stomps the fla
95) 58) dialog: running the hell away.
95) 67) dialog: grabs one of his retreating men.