9) 0) text: Over Ralph's shoulder we SEE the Ferrari making its appro RALPH turns. A short New Yorker with a huge chip on his x shoulder, the most Put-upon person in every neighborhood in which he has ever lived.
9) 2) text: {fascinated by the reptiles) » Look at those snappers, will ya? Once a hustler in New York, Ira parlayed ego and a x conniving sensibility into a moderste-sized operation in Columbia. Ralph is Ira's henchman, and none too happy abo his status or the way he is treated. Cont. He rolls his eyes, comes over.
9) 3) dialog: Ira, I'm real nervous about this x whole thing, I'm not kiddin'. t's nothin' but trouble, it's a piss-poor idea -= why can't we kiss off this Third World toilet.
9) 5) dialog: Let's eat this one, Ira, whaddaya say ~~ we'll take the loss on this one. Geez, those crocs ere nasty buggers, I tell ya. Cut TO: our 25 INT. STATEROOM 26 x Plush, filled with Colombian treasures. Elaine, still x groggy, is on a chair, circled by Ira. Ralph is cutting her valise to pieces, admiring some lingerie, fondling the jewelry, pocketing the money.
9) 7) dialog: Customs officials. Hard to get outta this country, isn't it.
9) 11) dialog: (finished with his search) Nothin'. If he didn't send it to the wife, where did he send it?
14) 11) dialog: (scanning crowd tos) The flight from New York to Cartagena -- the flight that was diverted here -- has it arrived already? But now he spots Joan disappearing inside that bus. He gl at the photo cf her on the dust jacket of the hardback he clutches in one hand -- the other hand letting go of the airport official as Ralph now fights his way toward the b
17) 0) text: The little Renault arrives, pauses, makes the same turn a she bus. ° cur TO: INT. RENAULT . oo 45 Ralph chases up the road after the bus, immediately losin ground. He pushes his body in a rocking motion. The taillights ahead grow smaller, then vanish in the darknes cur TO:
26) 0) text: Riding with the law, Ralph is totally unnerved. He pulls his hat down further, steals glances at Zolo.
26) 2) dialog: (freaked) No comprendo.
26) 4) dialog: American! -- Pah! (spitting noises) -I hate American. I spit on American!
29) 2) text: conversing with Santos, pointing a lot -- Ralph is aion pirating a phone call, backed against a wall paperce w "Wanted" posters. Behind him, in a cell, a wild-eyed begs for help.
29) 3) dialog: Hiya, Mom? It's me -- Irving.
29) 5) dialog: Calm down, Ma, will ya -- who says I never call.
29) 7) dialog: As usual, cousin, you've got us in serious shit. The stupid dame got on the wrong bus, I'm stuck in some kinda spico military compound, they're mobilizing for Iwo Jima here -- :
29) 9) dialog: Whaddaya think, I'm an announcer at Radio City? I'm keepin' a low profile. And he crosses himself, raising his eyes to heaven -- and freezes. One of the "Wanted" posters is an actual unflatt likeness of his own dear self. Just out of reach. He keep talking as in quiet panic he drags over a chair to climb to remove the poster.
29) 10) dialog: And the other little tidbit, Ira, - x is guess who else is here.
29) 12) dialog: Give this man a cigar -- you're goddamn x Zain ee on eater are}
29) 18) dialog: Not yet -- he's makin' do with these local yo-yos.
29) 20) dialog: Don't yell at me, Ira. I told ya this idea sucked from the word go! He falls off the chair and Ira hangs up in equal anger glaring at an anxious Elaine.
34) 16) text: EXT. MOUNTAIN ROAD - DAWN llé-D XxX The Renault is at roadside. Ralph is askeep in the back, Joan's book spread out on hi chest. Suddenly a ROAR OF JEEPS. Ralph wakes up violently banging ‘his head. He tumbles out of the car, hurting him again. He crouches low as the jeeps roll by, terrified to see Zolo at the head of the column, sitting there like Patton, not to mention his awesome men. When they're out of sight, Ralph hurries back into his ca starts it after the jeeps' dust. cuT TO:
61) 7) dialog: Lemme tell you something, Ira -- I don't like you. I've never liked you. I don't like the way you think, I don't like the way you Gress, I don't like the way you com> your hair either side of that silver bullet head of yours. And one more thing, Ira... He sees Jack and Joan step out of the ridiculous Bronce o other side of the plaza.
61) 8) dialog: «./you are the luckiest bastard that ever walked the face of the earth. CUT TO;
63) 0) text: Ralph peeks over his shoulder. The Bronco zooms away.
63) 1) dialog: She's with some guy...How the hell do I know -= she likes guys, okay? So do you.
67) 0) text: Under the table, a long corridor is walled by linen table And now at the other end...Ralph. As Ralph moves toward the purse, under-the-tabdle adventu unfold: a wad of money passes from hand to hand; a woman rubs a man's thighs; a wad of gum is secured table-uncers shoes are kicked off (CAMERA WAIVERS); a hand slides a bo dagger halfway out, eases it back; a child's hand creeps his leg and unleashes a cargo of vegetables at Ralph's fa cut TO: c42 Gave ai Saee
68) 0) text: Under the table, Ralph creeps toward the purse. The bu his shoe snags on a iong dress hem; the fabric is pulled along with him. Hy kle oo c42
71) 0) text: Ralph, bandaged, stunned, staggers back te his Rerpault a falls into it.
80) 23) text: (spellbound) Jesus Christ...we could get in trouble for this. A noise. They turn. Ralph is here. With e gun. Glaring. x
80) 27) dialog: (stamps his foot)
80) 31) dialog: I haven't seen New York in three years! x Y' got that? Haven't tasted a blintz since I was thirty-eight! Now I'm finally gettin' outta this shit-hole and you're my ticket to freedom -- so gimee the & : tos ve tae wees
80) 37) dialog: I'm the creep? At least I'm honest [= I'm stealin' this stone -- I'm not tryin' fo romance it out from under her! Jack starts to say something but: RALPH x You people put me through hell?! Look at ya -- you're too clean! (starts literally mud-slinging)} Ya call this a book! (starts jumping on Joan's book) I'm gonna kill you, I*m gonna kill that asshole Ira, I'm gonna kill anything that makes a move in the next two seconds! cut TO: out 230 WALL OF VEGETATION : “231 All three appear up the rocky path. All dripping anew fro the return through the waterfall and its pool. Raiph stops Jack, motions Joan into the Renault.
80) 38) dialog: Time I had a chauffeur. JOAN . (upset about Jack) x Would you give us a moment -- to say good-bye?
80) 39) dialog: To the con man? What amI, . x Miss Lonelyhearts? This ain't the climax of one of your potboilers == get your butt behind the wheel. JOAN x It was my idea to ¢ L stone. oO n ” a be Cont.
80) 40) text: 231 Cont. RALPH x Ha! Sure -- that's what the great con artist always wants you to think! He made you think you needed it! Giving Jack a questioning parting look, Joan climbs behin the wheel. Ralph scoots around to the passenger side, keeping Jack covered.
80) 42) dialog: In your dreams, buddy! See how you like being stuck in South America! Cont.
81) 0) text: Smug as a bug, Ralph pats the Pan Am bag wedged in the co Joan is tight-lipped. They streak through the trees, brea crest of the hill. Joan and Ralph's faces turn ashen, BRA
82) 9) text: The Renault and foliowing jeeps swerve to miss Ralph as t Posse races past. ‘Through the dust we SED Ralph is miraculously untrampled ané still ina nuclear bali. The Renault turns off the road and roars toward the wall vegetation, jeeps in hot pursuit. our 242
82) 12) dialog: The Posse has Ralph surrounded. Closing his eyes, he rebu his head in his arms. cuT TO: THE JEEPS " 245-a racing after the Renault. cur TO:
85) 0) text: Wild-eyed, Joan resumes steering, like it was doing some Laughing heartily, Jack picks up Ralph's bag, pats it lik the treasure it holds. cUuT TO:
95) 59) dialog: running the hell after him. our 323- 332
95) 69) dialog: I'm gonna kill ya, I'm gonna kill ya! Cont.
95) 73) dialog: You're a dead man, Ira! You're a dead man in an ugly sharkskin suit! He chases Ira into the night. cur TO: