4) 2) dialog: (voice over; in a thick accent) Joan Charles?
12) 0) text: The deadbolt SOFTLY CLICKS OPEN; a gloved hand eases insi FLICKS open a stiletto. A man stifles his cough. ZOLO slips in the door. Colombian, dark overcoat, avaitor shades. Z0lo is 40-some years of bad news. Ruthless would apply. He steals down the dark haliway. Zolo eases open the bedroom door; a streetlight reveals a empty bed. Zolo snaps on the light. Open drawers, closet, clothes gone. Joan Charles staring up from dust-jacket ba ‘in a carton on the floor. He spots the phone pad, picks
14) 9) dialog: Si -- Cartagena. cur TO:
15) 0) text: Joan finds herself a window seat, shoulder bag strapped a her body. An INDIAN squeezes in beside her. She looks aro disoriented and tired. Squawking chickens and children... happens to notice in the back...Zolo, calmly smoking. Grinding into gear, the bus lurches forward, launching se still-unseated passengers.
24) 5) dialog: Of course. There are schedules to be
24) 12) dialog: He calmly passes around, smoking. cur TO:
24) 16) dialog: The purse. Then something beyond Zolo catches her eye -- and Zolo lo where she's looking. A man, in silhouette; outlined against the morning sun {his hat particularly familiar) carrying a water bag, coming this way. Zolo immediately shoots at him -- exploding the water bag -- and the stranger immediately unslings the Winchester l2-gauge pump he carries, ac. i
25) 0) text: Zolo trips, swears, keeps going. out 65= 66 cuT TO:
25) 2) text: 67 Cont. ~ Turning around, the passenger door flies open and shut, nearly ejecting Zolo as the Renault flies back down the grade, overtaking the Indians.
26) 0) text: Riding with the law, Ralph is totally unnerved. He pulls his hat down further, steals glances at Zolo.
26) 3) dialog: You are American.
26) 5) dialog: You must be French. Ralph feels faint. our 69- 70 cur TO:
27) 0) text: Sun-baked adobe buildings, jeeps, horse corrals. A real dump. Policemen lounging around in the heat. SANTOS, she jefe, is sitting outside his office, half-asleep -- until he spots the car coming. : The Renault pulls up. Santos lazily steps down hitching his pants, to frighten the driver with his rank -- leanin to do just that when, from the other side of the car -- Zolo emerges.
27) 1) dialog: (in Spanish) Assemble your men. Santos immediately snaps to attention “+ Santos screams an order at his men and they all follow suit. cuT TO:
29) 0) text: With all the activity going on outside -- Zolo urgently c42 Cons.
31) 0) text: Zolo, Santos and four of Santos' men, race across the cle drawing machetes.
34) 8) dialog: You will make no report.
34) 10) dialog: No report will be filed, comprende?
34) 16) text: EXT. MOUNTAIN ROAD - DAWN llé-D XxX The Renault is at roadside. Ralph is askeep in the back, Joan's book spread out on hi chest. Suddenly a ROAR OF JEEPS. Ralph wakes up violently banging ‘his head. He tumbles out of the car, hurting him again. He crouches low as the jeeps roll by, terrified to see Zolo at the head of the column, sitting there like Patton, not to mention his awesome men. When they're out of sight, Ralph hurries back into his ca starts it after the jeeps' dust. cuT TO:
42) 0) text: One of Zolo's elite holds the binoculars. He Speaks some Spanish; the Driver starts the jeep. cur TO:
44) 48) dialog: The Bell-Makers. Unseen by Zolo, a small BOY darts out of the Cantina and runs off along the street toward Juan's. cuT TO:
45) 0) text: Jeeps pulling up, Zolo and his men take positions, move t Juan's compound. - . BLAM! A vehicle blasts through a shed's rickety @oors, ne flattening 2olo and soldiers. A super-charged Bronco done up western style. "The Little Mule" emblazoned on its sid does an incredible wheely up the street as soldiers scram to their jeeps, shooting as they go. cur TO:
59) 3) dialog: locks at his men, disgusted once again.
72) 0) text: The streets are littered with bottles, wilted flowers, a party dress, a drunken body draped over a tree limb, sloth-like. Zolo's jeep rolis into town. Zolo looks dejected, but not so much as to look weak to his men.
72) 2) dialog: (in Spanish) I‘m not finished yet. Send for the x reserves.
72) 4) dialog: {in Spanish) Send for them! curt TO:
73) 0) text: Zolo's jeep pulls up. JZolo and his men wearily drag themselves inside. curt TO:
74) 0) text: His men entering rooms behind him, Zolo, maintaining his stiff upper lip, trucks up the hall tc adjacent doors. He moves the key to unlock Number Seven -- almost inserts it rechecks the key number. He takes a sidestep, unlocks Number Six.
74) 3) text: Alone now, shutting the door behind him, Zolo loses hi control, gzabs a chair, flings it against = wall. Then he sits down heavily-on the bed, his head in his hands. He tiredly tekes off his gunbelt, pulls eff his boots. A SQUEAXING OF BEDSPRINGS seeps through the paper walls. Zo looks up. Zolo pounds on the wall. Jack RESPONDS IN SPANISH, MUrFLE through the wall. Again it is quiet. JZolo closes his eye Again the SQUEAKING STARTS. Zolo pounds the wall, hard, f times. Jack unleashes @ LONG STREAM OF SPANISH INSULTS, ending with one word, in perfect Engiish.°
74) 5) dialog: (o.s.) Americano... He drops the chair, quickly slides on his boots, pulls ou his gun. en .
81) 2) text: Zolo's sixteen jeeps compose an awesome roadblock at the roadside shrine.
82) 1) text: The Renault comes bombing around a bend, in reverse. A moment later, Zolo's jeeps bomb around the same bend, GUN BLAZING. The Renault fishtails, nose headed toward Jack.
86) 0) text: Scrambling from their jeeps, Zolo and his men race to the river, some FIRING from the top of the embankment, others on the Fun. The Renault is mercifully Swept around a bend, out of eye cur TO:
87) 38) text: The soldiers have reached the top of the falls. Issued co by Zolo, several have begun the difficult climb down (on side) while others keep firing. :
95) 20) dialog: That map is shit. Ralph -~ with a new black eye ~- is shoved forwzrd, to th ground, by the last elite soldier.
95) 21) dialog: They already have the stone. ira glares at Ralph.
95) 25) text: «91 Cont. Zolo throws him against a wall, then casually parades aro savoring the reins of power. Passing a rotting wooden gat in the low brick wall, Zolo glances over it, pauses. He tosses his cigarillo over the wall.
95) 27) dialog: smiles. He moves toward Joan. Elaine cowers, immediately ‘stepping aside. Face to face, Zolo's eyes bore into Joan
95) 28) dialog: Where is it?
95) 32) dialog: {pointing to Ralph) ' He saw it.
95) 43) dialog: 
95) 44) dialog: (to Joan) You can forego this agony; simply tell me, where is El Corazdén? Where is the heart?
95) 57) dialog: staggers behind an old stone wall, wrapping his bandana tightly around his stump. He leans back, pressing the arm up against his chest to stem the flow of blood. His lip trembles, but he's not about to succumb to this setback. His hatred is too great. One-handed, he lights a cigarill the energy of vengeance boiling up.
95) 78) dialog: How will you die, Joan Charles? Slow like the pace of the turtle or fast like the shooting star... Joan has to frown at that, even as she backs up, shieldin Elaine, into a corner. Elaine is bug-eyed, clutching Joan shoulder. Zolo is a dark hulk, silhouetted against a diffused light He slowly approaches.
95) 80) text: Hané behinS her back, Joan clicks epen Zoldo's own stilet He's advancing. : x Cont. c42 PEVISED - “ROMANCING THE STONE" - 7/15/83 102 REVISED = ROA A a 340-B Cont. She slings it. The stiletto fligzs end over enc, off x target as well. JZolo drops the spur, snatches the stilet out of midair, by the handle. Joan gulps; Elaine faints. Zolo advances with his stiletto.
95) 94) dialog: Joan's hand around Zolo's wrist, the stiletto is deadlock seconds from her face, the cigarillo burning between his lips. Zolo has one foot on her arm. She strains to reach the spur. .