16) 16) text: There!... Geidi Prime and the Baron Harkonnen... the enemy.
37) 0) text: In front of a huge steam boiler, the cable car stops and Piter gets out, steps down steel stairs and enters a porcelain room where the Baron is being treated by a DOCTOR for sores on his face and body. The doctor uses a lasbeam on a big sore on the Baron's lips. The Baron is sickly and hugely fat and sweaty and looks like he has been sickly for some time. He turns to Piter as he enters the room.
37) 2) dialog: Piter. Piter moves up to the Baron.
37) 4) dialog: What does Leto say, Piter?
37) 6) dialog: (swallowing; angry)
37) 10) dialog: My plan!
37) 13) dialog: (as the Baron watches the boy)
37) 14) text: You're so beautiful my Baron Your skin, love to me Your diseases lovingly cared for For all eternity.
37) 15) dialog: I will have Arrakis back for myself... he who controls the Spice, controls the universe... and what Piter didn't tell you is we have control of someone who is very close to Duke Leto.  This person... this traitor... will be worth more to us than ten legions of Sardaukar.
37) 17) dialog: (laughs)
37) 18) text: I won't tell you who the traitor is or when we'll attack.  However, the Duke will die before these eyes and he'll know that it is I -- Baron Vladimir Harkonnen -- who encompasses his doom.
95) 0) text: The BARON's face --  expressionless.  The SOUND of his ship screams in the background.  The DOCTOR is seated beside him.
96) 14) text: When you see the Baron, remember the tooth!  The tooth! 119. (Deleted)
108) 0) text: The distant HAMMERING of the Harkonnen hammer ship. Jessica's eyes open and she sees two big boots but they seem to be floating above the stone floor she is lying on.  She is gagged and tied.  She looks up. She sees the huge Baron Harkonnen staring down at her.  In the distance she HEARS the battle raging.
108) 2) dialog: The drug was timed.  Dr. Yueh has been very valuable to us....  What a pity you must remain gagged.  We can't let ourselves be swayed by your witch's Voice, now, can we?
109) 2) dialog: Goodbye, Jessica and goodbye to your sweet son....  I want to spit once on your head... just some spittle on your face -- what a luxury. He spits on her cheek.  The Baron floats out of the room into the passageway. BARON (CONT'D)
112) 0) text: The Baron's face, the light of FIRE and EXPLOSIONS playing over it.  The Baron turns as Piter ushers in the traitor Yueh.
112) 1) dialog: (to Yueh - quietly)
112) 4) dialog: You wish to join her... join her, then. Piter moves to Yueh, a knife glistening in his hand. It flashes into his back.  A GASP escapes Yueh's throat, a sad look passing over his face, as if to say "I thought as much."  He stands stiffly, then falls gasping.  He tastes his own blood, then dies.
112) 5) dialog: Take him away.
118) 2) dialog: Duke Leto Atreides.  Someone's torn the insignia off your uniform.  Such carelessness. Leto shows no sign that he has heard.
118) 5) dialog: It was Feyd? (laughing)
118) 8) dialog: You killed the doctor too soon, you fool! DUKE LETO (inner voice)
118) 12) dialog: Where is your ring? The Baron's face is now very close to Duke Leto's. BARON (CONT'D)
118) 14) text: A... little... closer....  The... water... of my life... for Paul. The Baron briefly wonders at these words and then turns to Piter.
118) 16) dialog: He's crying! (he hits Duke Leto)
118) 17) text: He's crying!  He's crying, Piter.  What does he mean? Piter moves forward.  The Baron sees a suculent piece of chicken skin on the table.  He picks up the plate, then the chicken skin. Leto's POV:  It's grown HAZY again.  The Baron is beginning to move away, reaching for the small piece of chicken skin.  Piter leans close to Leto. DUKE LETO
118) 18) text: Now! We hear a CRUNCH, hear a tumultuous RUSHING SOUND as Piter's face is pushed forcibly away.  The Baron is turning, a dumbfounded look on his face.  He drops the plate, and backs away. There is a tremendous ROARING.  Bits of visions of Caladan rush through Leto's ever-darkening consciousness --
122) 0) text: The Baron floats near the ceiling in a small passageway.  He is ecstatic.
122) 1) dialog: (screaming)
129) 0) text: We then see Duke Leto's face.  The Baron leans over the Duke and clutches the skin on the Duke's face. He begins pulling it.  The skin on the Duke's race slowly rips open -- making a hideous tearing SOUND. Black SMOKE issues forth from the hole which teats larger. PAUL (V.O.) (distorted)
138) 0) text: He enters the ship and moves down within to the Baron's headquarters, passing two dwarves cooking a dead legless cow which hangs from chains.  Rabban tears out the cow's tongue and eats it.  Then he exits through a door which closes behind him.
139) 0) text: The Baron is flying wildly, circling the outside of a large steel shower, while Nefud and a DWARF play a strange instrument producing maniacal, perverse, screaming MUSIC.  The Baron SEES Rabban enter, but continues to fly around the shower.
139) 1) dialog: (very excited)
139) 3) text: The Baron floats to Rabban and begins lovingly massaging Rabban's massive neck as he speaks to him.
139) 4) dialog: Rabban, Rabban...  I place you in charge of Arrakis.  It's yours to squeeze, as I promised.  I want you to squeeze and squeeze and squeeze. (massaging in rhythm)
139) 9) dialog: (to Feyd)
172) 18) text: Our shared enemy the Harkonnens, are once again in control of Arrakis.  Stilgar, your leader, has asked me and my mother to crush the Harkonnens.  We must do more than this.  We must totally destroy all spice production on Arrakis.  The Guild and the entire universe depends on spice. "He who can destroy a thing, controls a thing". I will take one hundred of your warriors and train them.  This one hundred will train the thousands that remain.  When the spice flow stops, all eyes will turn to Arrakis.  The Baron and the Emperor himself will be forced to deal with us. Arrakis will become the center of the Universe. (inner voice)
187) 0) text: The Baron and Feyd descend several steps into a darker area of Geidi Prime.  Feyd is carrying a strange creature in a small wire cage.  The Baron is floating as he descends.
187) 1) dialog: (takes a drink)
188) 0) text: Nefud stands eating candies behind Thufir's chair. Nefud has a stun gun, even though Thufir's hands are tied.  The Baron enters with Feyd.
188) 1) dialog: Oh Thufir, I see they've installed your heart plug already....  Don't be angry. Everyone gets one here.  But this is not why we're here.  We've brought you a little cat, Thufir.  You must care for it if you wish to live.  A poison has been introduced into you, Thufir Hawat.  By milking this smooth little cat body each day you receive your antidote... it must be done each day....  Also, you must do something for me if you wish to live.  You know I lost Piter, my dear Mentat... Thufir gives the Baron a weak, wide-eyed stare.
188) 3) dialog: Feyd, no, no!  Thufir's a Harkonnen now, aren't you Thufir?
192) 6) text: When the spice flow stops, the entire Universe will turn to Arrakis.  The Baron and the Emperor himself will be forced to deal with us.
230) 0) text: In one `thopter sits the Baron Harkonnen.  He is flown down to the Emperor's ship.
242) 3) dialog: Your Highness... There must be some mistake... I never requested your presence.
242) 13) text: Sister of Paul Muad'dib. The Reverend Mother slumps.  The Baron's mouth flies open.  The Emperor's face goes pale, his lips tremble.
245) 7) text: Release the Sardaukar.  Baron... give this little abomination to the storm. They all leave the room, including the Sardaukars.
246) 1) dialog: I have her, Majesty! The Baron floats down to her.  Alia turns to him -- still smiling.  With a flash of her hand she reaches out and swipes at the Baron's face.  He CRIES OUT in pain.  She pulls his suspensor plugs and pushes him back, then slowly shows him the tiny needle she holds in her hand.  He spins crazily as he screams from the poison.
250) 0) text: Suddenly the wall behind Alia and the spinning Baron is completely blown away by a BLAST. The Baron floats and spins out into the storm.