166) 1) dialog: I am Chani, daughter of Liet....  I would not have permitted you to harm my tribe.
166) 5) dialog: Come with me.  I'll show you an easier way down. They exit.
168) 0) text: HEAT WAVES and sand dunes.  Mysterious SOUNDS echo in the distance as the giant sun is setting. Chani takes Paul to the top of a dune.  They stare at the sunset and a huge rock outcropping in the distance.
168) 2) dialog: Seitch Tabr. Paul looks at the rock, then turns to her. CHANI (CONT'D)
174) 3) text: So you are the ones. She turns away towards the monks who are very busy blowing horns and waving pots of burning spice, purifying the area of the rite.  Several Fremen blow on dip sticks and a FEMALE CHOIR begins a haunting chorale as the giant pipe organ blows beautiful low notes below. Paul looks to his mother. He then sees Chani. CU Chani. CU Paul -- he cannot stop looking at her. Stilgar motions to Paul.
185) 2) dialog: (whispering)
186) 0) text: At the end of the dark black corridor, Chani turns and she and Paul fall together in a long kiss filled with love.
189) 0) text: Jessica's face shows signs of straining.  Women move around her, Chani and Harah at her side, helping her give birth.  Suddenly ALIA is born and her freshly- born moist body is held up in front of Jessica. Alia's eyes snap open, burning brightly.
213) 0) text: There is a growing, powerful sound of a worm approaching as Paul and Chani are lying together in the darkness of their sleeping chamber.  Paul's eyes snap open and he sees Chani looking down at him (the last image of the future in the desert).
213) 1) dialog: You were calling my name... it frightened me.
213) 5) dialog: Paul... I will love you forever... in life or in death... let Shai-Hulud judge now. (whispering)
225) 0) text: Chani and the Fedaykin freeze and watch in horror as seven giant worms converge on them.  The worms break the desert surface and rise, towering over them. The worms hover and wait.
226) 0) text: Chani looks to the Fedaykin, then they look at Paul who lies motionless.  She cuts the rope bonds with her crysknife.  Her fingers tremble as does the whole of the desert. Paul's eyes snap open.  He sits up slowly.  Chani stares at him in awe.
226) 1) dialog: Paul... Paul.
258) 20) dialog: Paul! Paul is up instantly and he circles with Feyd.
258) 31) text: ...my love. Paul turns back to the others. Jessica turns to Chani and whispers to her.