18) 3) text: Duncan!
18) 4) dialog: Paul. (they shake hands)
18) 7) dialog: It's something for your father.  He wants to talk to you. (places hand on Paul's chest)
19) 8) text: Thufir Hawat has served House Atreides three generations....  He swears you are the finest student he's ever taught. Yueh, Gurney and Duncan say the same.... It makes me feel very proud...
93) 0) text: Duke Leto walks into the room.  The NIGHT GUARD comes to attention as he passes.  DUNCAN IDAHO, wearing a dark, dusty stillsuit, emerges from the shadows.  DUKE LETO and DUNCAN meet at the foot of the steps.  The men embrace and separate. DUKE LETO (happily)
93) 1) text: Duncan!  What have you discovered about the Fremen, Duncan -- tell me.  Why haven't we heard from you?
93) 2) dialog: My lord... I suspect so much.  I think they are the allies we seek... they are strong and fierce... they do not give their loyalty easily or quickly....  As you know, the Imperium has never been able to take a census of the Fremen.  Everyone thinks that there are but few -- wandering here and there in the desert.... My lord, I suspect an incredible secret has been kept on this planet... that the Fremen exist in vast numbers... vast numbers... and it is they that control Arrakis. 115. through 116.   (Deleted)
110) 3) dialog: They're on this floor somewhere.... The soldiers disappear, searching in another direction.  Duncan runs, pounding, down the passageway -- his eyes searching in every doorway. Suddenly twelve huge Sardaukar round a corner on a quick march.  Duncan turns his shield up and charges them.  Behind them he sees Paul and Jessica bound in straps and being carried. Duncan attacks and fights valiantly but he is outnumbered.  In the fight the lights are blown out and Duncan is killed by a slow stunner pellet through the head.  Paul strains to help.
110) 5) text: Duncan!!  Duncan!! Paul and Jessica are carried off, quickly, through the darkness.  The battle SOUNDS thundering.
110) 9) text: Duncan's dead, shielded body slides sparking in the dark against the passageway walls.