37) 16) dialog: Who is the traitor?
118) 6) text: It was Feyd!  Where is the ducal signet ring?  I must have his ring.
130) 0) text: Inside and through the SMOKE Paul sees Feyd tear the Red Duke insignia off his father's uniform.  He sees Feyd laughing.  The moving, now-brilliant red hawk insignia becomes...
139) 10) text: And when we've crushed these people enough I'll send in you Feyd... they'll cheer you as a rescuer... lovely Feyd... really a lovely boy. (suddenly he smiles and screams)
187) 0) text: The Baron and Feyd descend several steps into a darker area of Geidi Prime.  Feyd is carrying a strange creature in a small wire cage.  The Baron is floating as he descends.
187) 2) text: Feyd, even though he's aging, Thufir is one of the finest Mentats in the Universe... and he's mine, Feyd... all mine....  Quiet now.
187) 3) dialog: I will.
188) 0) text: Nefud stands eating candies behind Thufir's chair. Nefud has a stun gun, even though Thufir's hands are tied.  The Baron enters with Feyd.
188) 2) dialog: All I can see is an Atreides that I want to kill.
256) 0) text: Paul enters the Palace hall and the first thing he sees is the giant bull's head.  The horns have been blown off and the Atreides banner has been stuffed and wired into the mouth. A WIND moans through the Palace. Paul turns.  Gurney and several guards bring in the Emperor, Irulan, the Reverend Mother, Sardaukar generals, Guildsmen, Feyd and Thufir.  The Fedaykin and Fremen troops line the walls. Paul's eyes meet Feyd's -- Feyd gives him an evil smile. Paul turns and looks at the Emperor, who stares back defiantly.  Paul moves his gaze to Irulan, who lowers her eyes.  He then sees his old teacher, Thufir Hawat, whose tired eyes wander helplessly.
256) 5) dialog: (to Thufir)
258) 10) text: ...and his word shall carry death eternal to those who stand against the righteous. Feyd hears this and is angered.
258) 11) dialog: The righteous!
258) 15) dialog: I wish it. (steps forward)
258) 18) dialog: Why prolong the inevitable?  I will kill you!  I will kill him! Feyd smiles.  He lashes out biting Paul's hand. Feyd LAUGHS in triumph. Feyd leaps forward jabbing, his right hip also forward.  Yet Paul, although a little slowly, again reels away.  Again, Feyd thrusts.
258) 21) dialog: (smiling)
258) 22) text: Who is the little one?  A pet, perhaps? Will she deserve my special attentions? Paul jabs out, his crysknife slashing.  Feyd grabs his arm, and Paul his, the two men locked in a straining clinch.  Feyd presses his right hip closer and closer to Paul's body.  Paul strains to keep it away.  Suddenly, the gom jabbar flips out of Feyd's girdle, but on the left side, and he lunges powerfully with it at Paul, who just barely misses taking it in his skin.  He throws Feyd back, but not before Feyd's feet strike out, sending Paul to the floor.  Feyd leaps onto him.
258) 23) dialog: (whispering)
258) 24) text: You see... your death... my blade will finish you. Suddenly, Paul, with lightning swiftness, pushes Feyd up and over.  He is on top of him in a flash. Paul's crysknife flashes up, thrusting upward through Feyd's jaw.  Feyd's mouth opens as the knife continues up through his tongue and through to his brain.  Feyd's eyes go wild, then glaze over as he jerks dead on the floor.  Paul slowly gets to his feet, breathing heavily.  Anger still seething in him, Paul issues a SOUND -- a loud, horrible, powerful sound, and Feyd's internal organs rupture and the stone floor under him cracks open.  The Fedaykin smile. FEDAYKIN #2