16) 20) text: I heard you, Dr. Yueh and Gurney coming down the hall.
16) 27) dialog: No music. I'm packing this for the crossing. Shield practice.
16) 29) dialog: (angered)
16) 32) dialog: Not sorry enough. Gurney draws his knife.
16) 34) dialog: (his voice sounding strange through the forcefield)
16) 35) text: Guard yourself for true! Gurney leaps high, then forward, pressing a furious attack. Paul falls back. The shield edges CRACK loudly as they touch each other.
16) 37) text: What's gotten into Gurney? He's not faking. Paul presses forward and the fight moves quickly around the room. The smell of ozone grows stronger as the shields hit and SPARK off one another. Paul directs a parry downwards, turns, and leads Gurney against the table, plunging at just the right moment to pin Gurney against the table top with his blade right at Gurney's neck.
16) 40) dialog: (strange shielded voice)
16) 41) text: Good... the slow blade penetrates the shield... but look down. Paul looks and sees Gurney's blade at his groin. GURNEY (CONT'D)
16) 44) dialog: If you'd fought one whit below your abilities I'd have scratched you a good one. Paul stands and snaps off his shield as does Gurney.
16) 47) dialog: Yes. I sensed the play in you lad, but this can no longer be play. Tomorrow we leave for Arrakis! Arrakis is real. The Harkonnens are real. Thufir, Yueh, Gurney and Paul stare at each other for a moment in silence. Dr. Yueh moves forward and begins to take Paul's pulse rate and to collect other data with a small black machine.
16) 68) text: Clear and lock the room. Gurney activates a series of locks.  LIGHTS GLOWS above each doorway. THUFIR (CONT'D)
16) 71) dialog: (to Yueh)
19) 8) text: Thufir Hawat has served House Atreides three generations....  He swears you are the finest student he's ever taught. Yueh, Gurney and Duncan say the same.... It makes me feel very proud...
61) 0) text: Duke Leto is calling on a radio phone. GENERALS surround him, as well as Gurney. DUKE LETO (on phone)
66) 6) text: The attempt failed... Harkonnen captives have already been taken. We must crush the Harkonnen machine on Arrakis.... You all know what to do. (Turning towards Gurney)
66) 7) text: ...Gurney! We desperately need more spice miners... many are threatening to leave on the next shuttle. We need spice drivers, weather scanners, dune men ... any with open sand experience. You must persuade them to enlist with us.
66) 9) dialog: They shall come all for violence: their faces shall sup as the east wind. And they shall gather the captivity of the sand. DUKE LETO (squints at Gurney)
66) 10) text: Very moving, Gurney. On your way... and take care of Dr. Kynes until Paul and I arrive. We will not be prisoners here in this place.
66) 11) dialog: (artfully easing the Duke's anger)
66) 12) text: Behold as a wild ass in the desert go I forth to my work. Gurney strides off. Thufir sits, contemplating. Paul and Duke Leto smile at each other and shake their heads.
74) 4) dialog: (sharply)
74) 7) text: Play out your little comedy while you can off-worlders... Gurney turns and activates a device...
75) 15) text: Most of the desert natives here are a superstitious lot. They mean no harm. With your permission, I will check the security of your suits. Gurney and the guard move forward warily.
75) 16) dialog: (angrily)
75) 20) dialog: (leaping forward to protect his Duke)
75) 22) text: It's all right Gurney. Gurney steps back.
75) 23) dialog: Yes, Sire.
75) 35) dialog: We're wasting time, Sire. Duke Leto, Dr. Kynes, Gurney and Paul enter the ornithopter... 88. Through 89B.    (Deleted)
81) 10) text: Is there a relationship between the worms and the spice? Kynes turns instantly and stares at Paul. Gurney sees the wonder in Kynes' eyes.
81) 11) dialog: The young master is a trained Mentat, an advanced student of Prana Bindu has studied under some of the finest teachers in the Universe. Kynes takes a second look at young Paul.
82) 1) dialog: Dust cloud ahead, Sire.
83) 5) dialog: (quickly)
85) 4) dialog: The worm is eight minutes away, Sire.
85) 12) text: Duke Leto Atreides.... Gurney and Paul turn to each other, worried.
87) 0) text: Gurney nervously scans the sky for enemy ships. A very low, powerful SOUND starts now and the ground begins to shake.
89) 6) dialog: Come on boys... come on. (Then, to the Duke)
89) 7) text: We're going to be heavy, Sire. The men press on Gurney and Paul.  Paul can feel the fear. The sound is a horrible ROAR and deeper RUMBLING now and the `thopter is vibrating and shaking violently.  The air suddenly begins to SPARK with static electricity.
92) 1) dialog: Gods, what a monster. DUKE LETO
107) 0) text: FIRE and SMOKE.  SCREAMS.  An ATREIDES SOLDIER's head is hit with a large white hot piece of explosion.  Through the black smoke, large SARDAUKAR chase after THREE SOLDIERS and them with hydraulic knife-guns.  One blade enters the back of one man's head and comes out his nose.  Tremendous NOISE of battle.  Gurney and a squad of TROOPERS climb through bodies and thick smoke.  Gurney has the Duke's dog safely inside his coat.  The little dog's head sticks out -- looking about.  Gurney strokes the dog's neck when the reach safety behind some rock.  Small glimpses, as the smoke moves this way or that, let them see thousands of Sardaukar fighting.
107) 1) dialog: 
206) 5) text: You've no need of your weapons with me Gurney Halleck.
206) 6) dialog: (peering; whisper of hope)
206) 9) dialog: They said you were dead.  They said... Paul shows him the signet ring on his fingers. Gurney moves forward, his eyes tearing, and the two embrace each other and pound each other on the back.
206) 10) dialog: You young pup!  You young pup!
234) 0) text: Paul, Stilgar and Gurney watch the Emperor's enormous ship on the Arrakeen landing field below. 257A. through 258.  (Deleted)
243) 5) dialog: (they put on their hoods)
248) 0) text: Paul rides the lead worm with Gurney and Stilgar by his side.  The storm is howling and blowing with horrifying intensity.
256) 0) text: Paul enters the Palace hall and the first thing he sees is the giant bull's head.  The horns have been blown off and the Atreides banner has been stuffed and wired into the mouth. A WIND moans through the Palace. Paul turns.  Gurney and several guards bring in the Emperor, Irulan, the Reverend Mother, Sardaukar generals, Guildsmen, Feyd and Thufir.  The Fedaykin and Fremen troops line the walls. Paul's eyes meet Feyd's -- Feyd gives him an evil smile. Paul turns and looks at the Emperor, who stares back defiantly.  Paul moves his gaze to Irulan, who lowers her eyes.  He then sees his old teacher, Thufir Hawat, whose tired eyes wander helplessly.
256) 3) dialog: My Lord?
256) 7) dialog: (gestures to Thufir)
258) 16) dialog: This is a Harkonnen animal.  Let me, please, my Lord.