33) 0) text: Inside the cable car stands PITER. In one hand he holds the cylinder with DUKE Leto's ring imprint.
33) 1) dialog: It is by will alone I set my mind in motion. It is by the juice of Sapho that thoughts acquire speed - The lips acquire stains - The stains become a warning - It is by will alone I set my mind in motion.
37) 0) text: In front of a huge steam boiler, the cable car stops and Piter gets out, steps down steel stairs and enters a porcelain room where the Baron is being treated by a DOCTOR for sores on his face and body. The doctor uses a lasbeam on a big sore on the Baron's lips. The Baron is sickly and hugely fat and sweaty and looks like he has been sickly for some time. He turns to Piter as he enters the room.
37) 1) dialog: My Lord!
37) 3) dialog: The Atreides will be leaving Caladan soon, Baron, and I have here your answer from Duke Leto.
37) 5) dialog: He wishes to inform you that Vendetta -- as he puts it, using the ancient tongue, the art of Kanly -- is still alive. He does not wish to meet or speak with you.
37) 8) dialog: As you instructed me, I have enlightened your nephews concerning my plan t...
37) 11) dialog: The plan to crush the Atreides.  Feyd, Rabban... go quietly... no other great house of the Landsraad must ever know of the Emperor's aid to the Baron.  The entire Landsraad would turn against the Baron and the Emperor.
109) 7) dialog: Take them to the desert, as the traitor suggested and worms will destroy the evidence.  Their bodies must never be found.
109) 11) dialog: (whispering to Jessica, rubbing the spittle around on her face with his hand, delicately)
112) 0) text: The Baron's face, the light of FIRE and EXPLOSIONS playing over it.  The Baron turns as Piter ushers in the traitor Yueh.
118) 4) dialog: It was Feyd. Leto's POV:  The Baron and his Mentat are only DIM FARAWAY SHAPES.  Their voices reach Leto as if travelling across a greater distance.  The Baron looks to Leto and then moves to him, looking him over.
118) 7) dialog: The ring?... he was brought to us as is, Baron.  I...
118) 10) dialog: He's coming round, my Lord. The Baron moves from behind a table stacked with dirty dishes and foodstuffs and goes to Leto. DUKE LETO (inner voice)
118) 14) text: A... little... closer....  The... water... of my life... for Paul. The Baron briefly wonders at these words and then turns to Piter.
118) 17) text: He's crying!  He's crying, Piter.  What does he mean? Piter moves forward.  The Baron sees a suculent piece of chicken skin on the table.  He picks up the plate, then the chicken skin. Leto's POV:  It's grown HAZY again.  The Baron is beginning to move away, reaching for the small piece of chicken skin.  Piter leans close to Leto. DUKE LETO
118) 18) text: Now! We hear a CRUNCH, hear a tumultuous RUSHING SOUND as Piter's face is pushed forcibly away.  The Baron is turning, a dumbfounded look on his face.  He drops the plate, and backs away. There is a tremendous ROARING.  Bits of visions of Caladan rush through Leto's ever-darkening consciousness --
121) 0) text: Duke Leto and Piter lie dead.