164) 6) dialog: Perhaps these are the ones Mapes told us of.
164) 7) dialog: (to Jessica)
164) 10) dialog: I will take the boy-man... he shall have sanctuary in my tribe...
165) 2) dialog: Stop!  Get back!!  She has the weirding way.  Why didn't you tell us!  Great gods... if you can do this to the strongest of us you're worth ten times your weight of water.  As a leader of my people I give you my bond: teach us this weirding way and you both shall have sanctuary.  Your water shall mingle with our water.
166) 7) dialog: (to Paul, as they meet)
166) 11) dialog: We call that one Muad'dib.
166) 13) dialog: You are Paul Muad'dib, and your mother shall be a Sayyadina among us....  We welcome you. Wind blows a cloud of dust through the rock.  High above the moon with the mouse shadow glows brilliantly.  It dissolves into the sun.
172) 4) dialog: Greater than treasure, Usul.  We have thousands of such caches.  Only a few of us know them all.  When we have enough... we shall change the face of Arrakis. Listen!... There is the sound of water dripping.  The lights are extinguished - reflections play on Paul's face. STILGAR (CONT'D)
172) 18) text: Our shared enemy the Harkonnens, are once again in control of Arrakis.  Stilgar, your leader, has asked me and my mother to crush the Harkonnens.  We must do more than this.  We must totally destroy all spice production on Arrakis.  The Guild and the entire universe depends on spice. "He who can destroy a thing, controls a thing". I will take one hundred of your warriors and train them.  This one hundred will train the thousands that remain.  When the spice flow stops, all eyes will turn to Arrakis.  The Baron and the Emperor himself will be forced to deal with us. Arrakis will become the center of the Universe. (inner voice)
173) 0) text: Large room with a low ceiling.  A drummer playing makes a low ECHOING MUSICAL HIT.  A big block of stone is moved across coarse sand -- back and forth -- fast.  A rhythm is started -- powerful.  Paul enters, pauses and looks to Jessica - he stands in front of over 100 Fremen men.  Jessica sits behind him alongside Stilgar. A large rock obelisk has been placed near Paul for this demonstration.
173) 15) text: To avenge my father, I will turn you into killing machines. Stilgar turns to Jessica.
173) 16) dialog: Sayyadina.  Our Reverend Mother tells me she is too old... She has been calling through space and time for you to come and let her rest.  She asks that you pass within.
173) 20) dialog: Death may be the result....  Are you sure?
174) 3) text: So you are the ones. She turns away towards the monks who are very busy blowing horns and waving pots of burning spice, purifying the area of the rite.  Several Fremen blow on dip sticks and a FEMALE CHOIR begins a haunting chorale as the giant pipe organ blows beautiful low notes below. Paul looks to his mother. He then sees Chani. CU Chani. CU Paul -- he cannot stop looking at her. Stilgar motions to Paul.
174) 4) dialog: (whispering to Paul)
176) 0) text: The bile and worm water are combined in ceremonial containers.  Paul turns to Stilgar.
176) 2) dialog: The Water of Life.
190) 15) dialog: (to Paul as he applies red colour to the shoulders of several large Fremen men)
194) 0) text: HEAT WAVES; dunes.  A big thumper is forced into the sands.  A RHYTHM is heard pounding on Fremen hand drums and rhythm instruments.  Feet scramble.  Black stillsuited Fedaykin warrior bodyguards gather. Stilgar turns.
194) 2) dialog: (to Paul)
195) 0) text: As Paul leaves the troop to plant the second thumper: STILGAR (V.O.)
195) 1) text: Two thumpers are planted.  The worm may not surface for the first - he will rise for the second.  Remember, when the worm approaches, you must be utterly still... and close enough to plant the hook firmly under a ring segment....  The worm will turn to lift this exposed area as far from the abrasive sand as possible and it will take you with it -- to the top.  Do not get too close as he approaches... the sand will engulf you....  Wait till the head of the worm passes -- then go... quickly. STILGAR &amp; FREMEN
195) 4) text: Only the very strong ones travel this deep.... The SOUND and VIBRATIONS continue to build.  In the distance, the Fedaykin and Stilgar watch.
195) 5) dialog: (to the others)
201) 0) text: ...causing the great beast to make a slow turn toward Stilgar and the bodyguard.  They set themselves and as the worm passes...
206) 0) text: Fighting is going on between Fremen and some smugglers.  Paul moves down a smokey dune with Stilgar followed by Fremen and Fedaykin.
206) 2) dialog: (racing into thick smoke)
206) 3) text: Too bad... thought they were Harkonnen. Paul and Stilgar move through the smoke.  A man runs up with a maula pistol aimed at Paul but Paul spins and punctures the man's chest with a sound from his weirding module.  Paul turns and a large figure comes through the smoke.  They surprise each other. The figure holds a gun.
229) 8) dialog: Long live the fighters! Fremen carrying weapons begin moving out in long lines from the Hall as the war DRUMS pound. 251A. through 252B. (Deleted)
234) 0) text: Paul, Stilgar and Gurney watch the Emperor's enormous ship on the Arrakeen landing field below. 257A. through 258.  (Deleted)
236) 2) dialog: Usul... We have wormsign, the likes of which even God has never seen. Paul smiles.
248) 0) text: Paul rides the lead worm with Gurney and Stilgar by his side.  The storm is howling and blowing with horrifying intensity.