16) 19) text: I know, Thufir, I'm sitting with my back to the door. Hawat suppresses a smile. PAUL (CONT'D)
16) 21) dialog: Those sounds could be imitated.
16) 24) dialog: (inner voice)
16) 59) dialog: Many dangers exist on Arrakis. For one, we know the Harkonnens would not have given up their CHOAM company contract so easily.
16) 63) dialog: You will make a formidable Duke! Paul bows. THUFIR (CONT'D)
16) 66) dialog: We have our new army. (in the same breath)
16) 67) text: Dr. Yueh, put the weirding module on him. Thufir, noticing a SQUAD OF GUARDS at the other end of the training room, calls out to them. THUFIR (CONT'D)
16) 68) text: Clear and lock the room. Gurney activates a series of locks.  LIGHTS GLOWS above each doorway. THUFIR (CONT'D)
19) 8) text: Thufir Hawat has served House Atreides three generations....  He swears you are the finest student he's ever taught. Yueh, Gurney and Duncan say the same.... It makes me feel very proud...
50) 0) text: Thufir marches down a hallway with a squad of TROOPS with electronic gadgetry, LIGHTS and SOUNDS going constantly.
50) 1) dialog: (into a radio microphone)
51) 0) text: Down in the basement, Atreides engineers are removing a complicated device from heavy machinery. A MAN radios back to Thufir. ATREIDES RADIO MAN
53) 0) text: From a small window, Thufir observes the shield with a critical eye.
53) 1) dialog: (inner voice; worried)
59) 0) text: Thufir walks quickly toward SEVERAL TROOPS.
59) 1) dialog: Set up a sonar probe immediately!
61) 1) text: Thufir?... anything?... keep looking. (Inner voice)
66) 0) text: Duke Leto sits with Paul, Thufir, EIGHT GENERALS and SIX SUB-LIEUTENANTS. The Duke's small dog wanders under the table and rests his head on the Duke's boot. In front of Thufir is a device FLASHING brilliant light bursts over his face. The others are all talking among themselves. Suddenly Thufir's face turns brilliant red (as red as his sapho-stained lips) and he begins speaking rapidly into the machine in code using a strained high voice.
66) 2) dialog: (Mentat voice)
66) 3) text: Sector 6 - 80 -- copy the sixth -- the summit -- the eight the quadrant over the ninth plus eighty -- four circles -- weave the eighty and call the fourth copy -- enter nine -- seven by seven a seven the seven call seven B seven -- enter the circles call the sixth copy the sixth over the summit.... eight. The machine FLASHES several bright irregular SIGNALS. Then it stops and HUMS. The blood leaves Thufir's face. THUFIR (CONT'D) (very fast and casually)
66) 4) text: Eight.... Thufir Hawat... Mentat... Master of Assassins. The hum stops. Thufir turns to Duke Leto. He looks up. Everyone is quiet now. THUFIR (CONT'D)
66) 12) text: Behold as a wild ass in the desert go I forth to my work. Gurney strides off. Thufir sits, contemplating. Paul and Duke Leto smile at each other and shake their heads.
101) 0) text: A loud warning TONE vibrates.  Thufir turns away from the doorway of a small room where he's horrified to SEE...
140) 0) text: As Rabban leaves, he looks into one room of the ship.  Behind the glass porthole sits Thufir Hawat bound head and foot, his eyes darting this way and that.
187) 2) text: Feyd, even though he's aging, Thufir is one of the finest Mentats in the Universe... and he's mine, Feyd... all mine....  Quiet now.
188) 0) text: Nefud stands eating candies behind Thufir's chair. Nefud has a stun gun, even though Thufir's hands are tied.  The Baron enters with Feyd.
188) 4) dialog: (inner voice)
256) 0) text: Paul enters the Palace hall and the first thing he sees is the giant bull's head.  The horns have been blown off and the Atreides banner has been stuffed and wired into the mouth. A WIND moans through the Palace. Paul turns.  Gurney and several guards bring in the Emperor, Irulan, the Reverend Mother, Sardaukar generals, Guildsmen, Feyd and Thufir.  The Fedaykin and Fremen troops line the walls. Paul's eyes meet Feyd's -- Feyd gives him an evil smile. Paul turns and looks at the Emperor, who stares back defiantly.  Paul moves his gaze to Irulan, who lowers her eyes.  He then sees his old teacher, Thufir Hawat, whose tired eyes wander helplessly.
256) 8) text: Thufir.  Come. Thufir approaches Paul, concealing the knife.  They come face to face.  The Emperor seems strangely tense at this moment.  Paul notices this.  He looks Thufir over. PAUL (CONT'D) (inner voice)
256) 12) text: It is yours. Thufir's eyes grow sad and wide.