0) 82) dialog: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca Oh, Mr. Martins, good evening.
0) 421) dialog: Hello - Mr. Martins, we tried to get you at your hotel. We have arranged that lecture for tomorrow.
0) 423) text: On the modern novel - you remember what we arranged and we want you to talk on the Crisis of Faith. Crabbin's friend exits CR and Martins hands his hat and c to the hat check girl.
0) 425) dialog: Oh, I thought you would know, you're a writer. Of course you do. Good night, old man. He starts to exit CR then turns back.
0) 426) dialog: Oh, I've forgotten my hat. I'll let you know the time later. Crabbin exits CR and CAMERA TRACKS BACK as Martins walks forward to CLOSE SHOT. CAMERA PANS RL with him as he turn to his R and walks through archway into the empty bar revealed beyond. Anna the only customer is seated back to camera on a stool at the bar - the barman CR of her. She the only customer. Martins walks upstage to her, back to camera. CLOSE SHOT — ANNA seated in R profile at the bar. Martins comes to stand at her R side - looks at her for a moment - then turns to le with his back against the bar facing her - in L profile.
0) 669) text: Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca past a man opening the door to Crabbin walking forward t door - behind him seen a large hall, with men and women seated on benches inside seated backs to camera, but all turned round to look to camera toward the door. A table j inside the door has large notice propped against it which reads in English and German: WELCOME TO THE BRITISH CULTU CENTER. ADMISSION FREE. Crabbin walks forward into CLOSE SHOT smiling and looking off L for Martins.
0) 670) dialog: Oh Mr. Martins. What a relief to see you. I was beginning to think something had happened to you. Come along... CLOSE SHOT — MARTINS looking incredulously off past CR into the hall and at Cr
0) 671) dialog: Mr. Martins, everything is ready for you... MED. LONG SHOT — AUDIENCE turning round from platform to face camera and look off f Martins. They applaud.
0) 672) dialog: I was frantic in case... CLOSE SHOT — MARTINS looking off CR for Crabbin.
0) 673) dialog: you hadn't got my message at the hotel. The porters out here are so unreliable if you know what I mean.
0) 674) dialog: Martins enters from L f.g. to him and he leads him upstag to the hall.
0) 675) dialog: We're all set for a wonderful evening. MED. CLOSE SHOT — MARTINS Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca close to camera in R profile being led by the arm by Cra at his L side LR toward the platform-audience seen in b.g CAMERA PANS LR with them. A member of the audience is revealed standing in the aisle clapping as they pass.
0) 676) dialog: You'll find the audience most appreciative. Oh let me take your coat...I've got it. They stop in the aisle and Crabbin starts to help him off with his coat. He takes it with his hat and continues to lead the way to the platform CAMERA PANNING WITH THEM - Martins following.
0) 677) dialog: Come along now, Mr. M. follow me.
0) 678) text: the platform the backs of heads of the front rows of audience in f.g. Crabbin's girl friend is discovered standing on the CL side of the platform. Crabbin hurries into picture onto the platform from CR followed by Martin There is applause.
0) 679) dialog: Here we are, ladies and gentlemen. All's well that ends well. Would you look after that for me? Hands Martins' hat and coat to the girl who takes them.
0) 680) dialog: Would you like to sit there, Mr. Martins? (Martins sits) That's right. Crabbin indicates a seat CR of him as he stands at speake table in center of platform. Martins sits. Crabbin stands looking off CL for the audience.
0) 681) dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, I have much pleasure in introducing Mr. Holly Martins, from the other side. MED. CLOSE SHOT -— CRABBIN Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca sits down and Martins stands to speak. Crabbin's girl fr seen in L of picture.
0) 687) dialog: Of course, of course, of course. MED. SHOT — THE AUDIENCE Man at back CR stands up and looks off CR for Martins on platform.
0) 691) text: from the back of the hall. Martins standing on the platfo Crabbin seated CL of him - girl CL on platform. One or tw members of the audience get up to leave.
0) 697) dialog: Oh, that is Mr. Martins' little Script provided for educational purposes. More scripts ca joke, of course... LONG SHOT — POPESCU coming through door into hall, another man enters from CR f.g., and exits through door in b.g., Popescu walks forwa taking off his hat.
0) 698) dialog: We all know perfectly well that Zane Grey wrote what we call Westerns — cowboys... CLOSE SHOT — MARTINS looking off CL reacting to sighting Popescu.
0) 699) dialog: ...and bandits. A man in the audience off calls another question.
0) 702) dialog: with Martins standing CR of him looking off CL.
0) 714) dialog: Why, it's Mr. Popescu. Very great pleasure to see you here, Mr. Popescu. As you know, ladies and gentlemen, Mr. Popescu is a very great supporter of one of our medical... CLOSE SHOT — POPESCU looking off CR for Martins.
0) 715) dialog: ...charities.
0) 732) dialog: Ladies and gentlemen, if there are no more questions for Mr. Martins, I think I can call the meeting officially closed.