11) 2) text: The CABLE GUY is walking away.
12) 0) text: Steven opens the door and yells to the Cable Guy. (Revised 11/14/95 - Pink)
13) 4) text: Steven re-enters the room. The Cable Guy is watching tele
20) 0) text: Birds eye P.O.V., shot follows the Cable Guy's van as it
21) 0) text: Steven and the Cable Guy get out of the van, and walk dow
22) 0) text: The Cable Guy and Steven are lying in the middle of the d
28) 0) text: The Cable Guy and Steven walk across a parking lot. Steve
29) 0) text: Steven and the Cable Guy are being dressed in armor by th be happier. Steven is freaked out.
34) 0) text: The Cable Guy is driving around. He speaks on a cellular
39) 0) text: AT THE KARAOKE AREA - Steven and Heather are singing "You "Grease." They are both drunk, and having a great time. The Cable Guy walks over to Rick.
39) 24) dialog: 
41) 0) text: The cable Guy has got all of the guests in a frenzy.
42) 0) text: Steven and Heather are kissing passionately. Suddenly the dances into the room, takes out a Polaroid instamatic cam them. Steven is disoriented. Behind the Cable Guy in the
44) 0) text: P.O.V. Shot - Robin and a date enter the restaurant. We move to reveal the Cable Guy driving up in his van. He moment later he heads inside.
45) 0) text: The Cable Guy enters the restaurant. The HOSTESS walks ov
48) 0) text: Ray enters the restroom. The Cable Guy is now wearing the pants and a thin fake moustache. A DISTINGUISHED MAN walk
52) 0) text: The Cable Guy walks over to a FEMALE NEIGHBOR.
54) 0) text: The Cable Guy is in the air duct. He is pulling cord. He up to a vent. He looks through and sees Robin changing in Robin undress. He turns away.
55) 0) text: The Cable Guy is on his way out.
56) 0) text: The Cable Guy smiles, proud of himself.
62) 0) text: The Cable Guy and Robin are speaking on the phone. As the pull back and reveal that the Cable Guy is standing on th phone company employee. He speaks into a repairman's phon telephone pole.
65) 0) text: Steven is walked to a police car, and put inside. We slowly reveal a man across the street at an auto shop. Apparently it has broken down. The man turns and we see t watching Steven's humiliation. As the policeman pushes St guy and touches his nose. The Cable Guy touches his nose.
69) 0) text: The Cable Guy is sitting at a table wearing a Walkman. Pe loud to his lisp tape. (Revision 11/13/95 - Blue)
71) 0) text: Steven walks into his apartment, exhausted from his jail and sees several new frames on the wall. They are four fo Steven with his arm around the Cable Guy at the karaoke j stylish fashion. Steven angrily runs to the wall and takes them down.
74) 0) text: As the Cable Guy charms Steven's family we pan across all dinner.
74) 5) dialog: As he talks we realize he has not been in slow motion, he motion.
76) 0) text: Everyone is sitting around having coffee. The Cable Guy i paper.
86) 0) text: Steven walks in and looks for the Cable Guy's hidden came
93) 0) text: He hears someone pounding on the front door. He opens the Cable Guy pops into frame holding a cut cord.
93) 2) text: The Cable Guy begins to run full speed at the door. As he more distorted as he come closer to the peephole. BANG! H frame. A moment later he stumbles back into frame, then w again to the door even faster. BANG! He staggers back int door.
94) 0) text: Steven runs away from the front door. The door smashes op Steven runs away down the hallway. The hallway appears to but appears to move in almost slow motion. Every time he Cable Guy running at an alarmingly fast rate of speed tow back another time and the Cable Guy is gone. He keeps running, and the hallway starts getting smaller He becomes trapped at the end of the hall. Arms come out him. Fifty Cable Guy faces pop out of the wall on both si
97) 0) text: Close up of the Cable Guy's face.
109) 0) text: We reveal that the Cable Guy is at Robin's apartment. The
113) 0) text: The Cable Guy and Robin are at the dish. He gives her the film.
115) 0) text: The Cable Guy and Robin are now standing on the edge of t
118) 0) text: Steven drives his car up the muddy dirt road. It gets stu begins walking to the satellite dish which is surrounded of horse hooves coming closer, and closer. The  he sees a toward the fence. The horse has the coat of arms from Med smashes off the chain with a sword, then rides through. T The horse runs full speed directly at Steven. At the last Steven. When the horse stops, the Cable Guy pops his head
122) 0) text: The Cable Guy and Robin climb the antenna. Steven follows The Cable Guy and Robin reach a platform at the top of th with one hand, and holds a staple gun to her temple with platform.
123) 0) text: LONG WIDE SHOT of the entire antenna. The Cable Guy falls backward toward the satellite.
125) 0) text: The Cable Guy sails through the air. As he falls he looks what he is doing.
127) 0) text: CLOSE ON - The Cable Guy plummeting toward the dish, abou
130) 0) text: From below we see the Cable Guy's silhouette motionless o
133) 0) text: The Cable Guy appears dead. The needle of the antenna sti blinks at the tip of the needle. Then, the Cable Guy's ey
135) 0) text: The Cable Guy is being taken away on a stretcher toward a Robin are covered in police blankets. Steven calls to a p
136) 0) text: The Cable Guy lies in a stretcher next to the paramedic. survival.