53) 0) text: The civilian crowd is beating on the unarmed Iraqi soldiers who try to defend themselves; the Iraqi Sergeant is holding on to the Man in Glasses while the woman beats on him; the little girl is shouting. Suddenly an Iraqi armored truck with a mounted machine gun races up and seven Republican guards pour out swinging clubs, followed by an Iraqi major, about 45. The Iraqi soldiers savagely beat the civilians. Vig looks horrified as he watches. Two soldiers grab the woman from the Sergeant holding the Man in Glasses, the little girl chases her.
98) 0) text: Republican Guards strip Troy's clothes as he stands in fr of Oasis Bunker. (CONTINUED )
98) 3) dialog: (subtitled; Arabic) Can we shoot him?
98) 4) dialog: (subtitled; Arabic) We're not supposed to hold any Americans.
102) 1) dialog: Get dress.
102) 3) dialog: Get dress.
105) 0) text: thru 125 Republican Guards SHOOT rebels off the tank and re-take it. PULL BACK TO Adriana Cruz and Paco, the cameraman.
106) 0) text: Walter sits in the Chennowth, naked. Adriana Cruz in the passenger seat, Paco in the back. Republican guards pull the tape out. She grabs it back.
133) 0) text: It is quiet. A Slim Jim is unwrapped as a Republican Guard slowly raises it to his mouth, bites it, chews, and looks puzzled at the cars approaching in the distance.
135) 0) text: The Republican Guard outside the bunker stares at the approaching car. A gunner on the bunker roof gets ready. The front door Guard holds his rifle ready, and is joined by another guard. The Cadillac pulls up fast, stops, the driver's door pops open and Deserter #1 pops out.
137) 0) text: Five Republican Guards pour out, and take off into the desert on foot, along with Guard #1 and Guard #2.
140) 0) text: Air vents spray sparks as Republican Guard soldiers scramble in the smokey dimness to get out.
142) 0) text: Four Republican Guards panic as they pile up against the rear entrance, and run the other way.
143) 0) text: Archie and Chief get out of the limo and run past four more Republican Guards streaming from the smoking bunker, coughing and choking and go inside, followed by two civilians in uniform.
144) 0) text: Two Republican Guards come out the trap door and point at Vig and the Twin #1 to the side of the bunker.
147) 0) text: Archie and Chief run past four other Republican Guards fleeing the bunker in the opposite direction. Chief splits off down one corridor, running, while Archie goes down the other. Amir follows after Chief.
151) 0) text: Guard #9 runs hard down an empty corridor, carrying a stack of new Levis -- he approaches a corner, turns it, smashes into Archie, their heads bashing together in a head-rattling collision. They both land on their asses, disoriented, rubbing their heads. They each scramble for their guns on the floor, Archie's is closer, he reaches for it -- Suddenly the Republican Guard flails at Archie like a windmill. They have a crazy, slapping windmill fight, when suddenly the Republican Guard grabs his stack of Levis and runs away.
155) 0) text: The six Republican Guards who took off from the bunker are still running. Their conversation is in Arabic and subtitled in English.
164) 0) text: Archie kicks in a door -- it is pitch black -- an emergency light flickers on and off -- revealing the Republican Guard interrogator and the Iraqi Major at the control table, where one tries to fix the emergency light with a screwdriver -- they reach for weapons. In flickering light -- Archie SHOOTS the Iraqi Major squarely in the chest, then the Republican Guard interrogator -- the only sound is the GUN POPPING and the BULLETS TEARING into their bodies. Archie turns to Sa'id, who stands next to Troy. (CONTINUED)