10) 0) text: Texas. Oil rigs rhythmically pump away on the dry horizon
14) 2) text: He wanders to the opening and finds THREE MEN, all 50 or playing dominos. The conversation between HENRY, FRANK an CAL is an animated one
14) 4) dialog: One and a half billion.
14) 7) dialog: One and a half billion.
14) 10) dialog: Cars that are burnin’ our oil.
15) 0) text: Jimmy pushes his bicycle from the road onto the dusty sit the Santa Rita. He jumps from his bike and lets it tumble The old rig still rhythmically pumps. Up. Down.
23) 3) text: NAT KING COLE’S “THE CHRISTMAS SONG’ blares throughout th small, empty restaurant. * cAL All I'm sayin’...is listen to Sinatra when he was with Dorsey, and listen to him when he was on his own. { (greets Jimmy and Hunter) . Jimmy knows what I'm talkin‘ about.
23) 5) dialog: (to Frank) The man grew as a singer.
23) 7) dialog: You listen...we'll talk. Jimmy and Hunter sit next to the two men.
23) 16) dialog: Besides...he smoked three packs a day.
23) 18) dialog: Nat King Cole. Thought it made his voice deeper.
23) 20) dialog: Who died in his 40‘s? You take care of yourself...things work out.
23) 23) dialog: We're talkin’ about singin’, not pitchin’. And, Hunter, do us a favor and don't tell us that bit about the ankle anymore. 20. 29 (CONTINUED)
40) 18) dialog: You mean his potential field.
40) 24) dialog: (deals himself} .-.I do believe I'll take five myself
40) 26) dialog: (knocks on the table) Pot's right.
43) 0) text: 57 One of Big Lake’s ELDER STATESMEN is getting his hair cut Cal, the town barber. The door opens and the bell rings. Henry and Frank walk in. Henry has two EMPTY GROCERY SACK tucked under his arm.
43) 2) dialog: Closet. They check the closet and Henry hands a broom to Frank an takes another for himself. They start sweeping the hair from the floor, (CONTINUED)
43) 6) dialog: {the scissors are motionless) Henry?
51) 1) dialog: You sure about this Henry?
52) 0) text: The front view reveals Henry, Frank and Cal sprinkling something from the grocery sacks they’re holding.
67) 1) text: The stands are nearly full, the grass is thickening. Joel throws a perfect toss to cut down an opposing runner tryi to steal. Wack makes the tag and the umpire calls him out Players go around the horn ~- Wack to Joe David to Miguel Ernest and back to Rudy. Confident faces everywhere The scoreboard reads: VISITORS 4 OWLS 20
73) 0) text: The P-A microphone awaits the call of the game. A few inc away: the school library's REEL TO REEL, spinning an old of THE STAR SPANGLED BANNER.
78) 0) text: The celebration has moved into the locker room. The playe clap and watch Joe David dance. Jimmy watches with * satisfaction, leaning against a nearby wall. Rudy stands on a bench and calls for quiet. *
115) 0) text: Jimmy stands in the neon phone booth in the parking lot, making a long distance call.
160) 0) text: Henry, Frank and Cal share a pair of binoculars, trying t catch a glimpse of Jimmy in the bullpen.
163) 0) text: The game continues...a series of plays unfolding ** BR ground ball struck to the Texas shortstop, who scco up and turns a precise double play ** The Tampa Bay pitcher throwing a dazzling curve ball a the umpire calling out
170) 0) text: Bianton is called in...and he walks through the open gate onto the field. Jimmy watches his teammate jog out from the bullpen.
186) 0) text: Henry, Frank and Cal watch...
187) 0) text: The Texas batter digs his feet into the batter’s box, eye Jimmy with confidence Jimmy steps from the mound for a second, his back to home that he can work the ball with both hands...and keep the hitter from seeing the nervous look on his face He turns back. .and puts his foor on the pitching rubber The batter stares out...calm, assured. Jimmy throws...a fastball. The batter doesn’t swing.
192) 0) text: The Texas manager calmly looks out, his catcher seated ne to him.