22) 16) dialog: C'mon Dad...strike him out!
23) 0) text: Frank's cafe isn’t exactly bustling as Jimmy and Hunter w in for dinner.
23) 3) text: NAT KING COLE’S “THE CHRISTMAS SONG’ blares throughout th small, empty restaurant. * cAL All I'm sayin’...is listen to Sinatra when he was with Dorsey, and listen to him when he was on his own. { (greets Jimmy and Hunter) . Jimmy knows what I'm talkin‘ about.
23) 15) dialog: Yes sir.
23) 22) dialog: They put this thing from his ankle up in his shoulder. The three men cringe.
24) 0) text: Jimmy and Hunter walk to the truck, the rest of the parki spots empty.
24) 1) dialog: Dad? (Jimmy waits for the question) Your arm ever hurt anymore?
24) 3) dialog: How long?
24) 5) dialog: I was just wonderin’. They get in the truck.
24) 7) dialog: That why you didn’t make it?
25) 0) text: Jimmy’s driving back home, Hunter already fast asleep nex him. He slows down as he sees the field where he played h American Legion ball as a young man. Jimmy pulls the truck to a stop and keeps the headlights to illuminate the pitching mound. He gets out, softly closing the door so as not to disturb son, and reaches in the truck bed. In one hand, a glove; the other, a BURLAP SACK. Jimmy gets to the mound, not a soul in sight, and pulls a baseball from the sack. His arm stretches out, loosening, and then he casually to a pitch toward home. Nothing more than a lazy pitch, a routine that for Jimmy way to relax...the same as reading might be for others. The pattern repeats. Silhouette. The ball clanging into t chain-link backstop.
31) 0) text: Hunter shadows his father, as he always does. He props th bats just so against the fence, making certain the battin helmets are in a precise line.
33) 0) text: The players are gone, all except for Jimmy, Joel and Hunt Joel is stacking his gear, while Jimmy gathers some stray baseballs by the mound. Hunter bags everything else.
34) 19) dialog: I could barely see that last one!
34) 21) dialog: How come?
35) 0) text: Lorri sits on a blanket, trying to make sure the stack of papers she‘s working on doesn’t blow away. Jamie’s asleep just behind her. Hunter zips by, fast enough that he takes a few of the pa with him. Jimmy, not zipping, is a couple of strides behi
36) 11) dialog: But Dad...
36) 16) dialog: But I just got started.
46) 0) text: The Owls sit, dejected, on the bleacher. Hunter sits high the stands, off to one side, a fair distance from the tea Jimmy stands in front of everyone...
47) 0) text: Jimmy tosses the equipment bag in the back of his truck a he opens the door to get inside. Jimmy slips the truck into reverse and looks at Hunter...
47) 1) dialog: I_know. No tellin’ Mom.
48) 0) text: Jimmy gasses up the truck, Hunter already asleep inside. sun makes its last reach across the desert surrounding th service station. He gazes at the town as he mulls the very same things he his players to think about.
49) 1) text: Hunter stirs, but only for a second. Jimmy keeps the engi running, unsure of whether he wants to see, whether he ev wants to know, what the radar unit might tell him.
54) 0) text: Hunter knocks on the front door of a small, well-kept hom Jimmy stands a short distance behind him.
54) 2) dialog: (knocking again) He said he'd be here. (CONTINUED)
54) 5) dialog: That's a kid joke Grandpa. JIM SR. A kid joke? No kidding? (holds the door open for both) Jimny .
54) 7) dialog: Whoa... (slips on the glove...too big) It’s kinda big Jimmy hasn’t taken a seat. He stands by the fireplace JIM SR. You’1l grow into it...faster‘n you think.
54) 8) dialog: Look, Dad, it doesn’t have any fingers. Jim Sr.is suddenly concerned over his gift
54) 13) dialog: It's okay, Grandpa. I like first base. (to Jimmy) Can I go outside, Dad?
54) 15) dialog: Thank you. I really like it a lot. Hunter races out with the glove and ball, leaving Jim Sr. Jimmy to deal with the silence between them. After a beat JIM SR. If he decides he wants one with fingers...
54) 22) dialog: 
56) 0) text: dimmy hikes the blanket around Hunter‘s shoulders. Alread asleep, he kicks his feet, pushing the covers back down. Jimmy gives up and notices the baseball glove, tied with shoelaces, next to his pillow. (CONTINUED)
78) 4) dialog: You knew they were gonna win today. Didn‘t you?
78) 8) dialog: What?
78) 10) dialog: Can we get a slurpee?
78) 12) dialog: But you said if you wanted somethin’ bad enough...
81) 0) text: 105 Jimmy, Hunter and Jessica sit at the small kitchen table eating cold cereal. Jamie is in the high chair, sloshing oatmeal everywhere. Lorri zips in, late for work.
81) 8) dialog: He's been a Captain forever. Why don't they make him something better?
83) 0) text: Jimmy and the kids are in the old truck; Hunter in the fr Jessie and Jamie in the tiny extended cab seats in the ba The truck moves closer to the try-out field and, for a sh moment, it looks as if only a handful of players are ther ...until they get closer and see the field filled with yo players. What little confidence Jimmy had...slips away.
87) 0) text: .,.and Jimmy catches the ball, as he plays a lazy game of catch with Hunter. Jessie and Jamie slumber in the shade.
90) 0) text: Hunter sits on the open tailgate of the truck. He’s worki on a can of soda..,looking down...at something. It‘s his father...changing Jamie’s diaper.
90) 1) dialog: We’re outta diapers.
90) 3) dialog: But Dad...
90) 8) dialog: I‘m not doin’ it.
97) 0) text: It's pouring rain, a warm Texas storm dumping heavy drops the try~out field from two days earlier. Jimmy wears a TEE-SHIRT and WORKOUT PANTS, already soaked he throws from the mound. His foot slips a bit in the mud...but the ball sails in hard. Gassoway and TWO OTHER SCOUTS stand behind the backstop a all THREE RADAR GUNS read 96 miles per hour. Hunter sits in the bleachers behind the three scouts, try to read the speed. The pitches keep coming. ..96...97...
98) 0) text: The try-out ends. Jimmy walks toward the dug-out and smil at Hunter, waiting with his duffel bag and a towel...a lo of pride on his face. He reaches for the towel, playfully using it to rub his s head. And as he starts to dry his own face...he notices.. ..an OLD TRUCK discreetly parked beyond the outfield fenc His father’s truck. It slowly backs up and pulls away. om (CONTINUED)
102) 28) text: a2 eS 227B INT. HUNTER'S BEDRCOM - LATER - NIGHT 1276 128 Lorri enters to find Hunter in bed, asleep, light on, a baseball picture book lying open beside him. Lorri moves to turn off the lamp, then stops, kneels down leans against the bed, close to her son's face. Just watching him sleep. Then her eyes go to... Huncter’s wall - on it are several photos of Jimmy in his Manager's uniform as well as posters and cut-outs of base players. A shrine to his father and his father’s sport Lorri stares at the wall, then looks back to Hunter befor turning out the lamp.
116) 0) text: Hunter is at the living room table, doing his homework.
116) 1) dialog: I already did my fives. (CONTINUED)
116) 4) dialog: Okay. {closes his notebook) Hey Dad?
116) 6) dialog: They told you when you’re goin’ to the big leagues yet?
116) 8) dialog: Okay. Hunter passes the phone acress to Lorri, who is dealing w a much different type of homework: bills covering the tab
146) 16) dialog: Hey Dad. Lorri steps back and watches her son‘s face light up...
146) 17) dialog: Really? ...and it's at that moment her eyes well up with tears
158) 15) dialog: Me too.