3) 0) text: Jimmy sits at the kitchen table; his younger brother, KAE 8, a few feet away Jimmy’s father, JIM SR., 30, NAVY THROUGH AND THROUGH, st military upright, sipping coffee as he looks out at the s When he turns to look at Jimmy, Jimmy realizes he still h his cap and on and removes it lest he feel his father‘s wrath. Ollie sets a cup of hot chocolate in front of Jimmy --
3) 7) dialog: (right at Jimmy) It's my job to decide when we move. It's your job to make the best of it.
9) 0) text: Jim Sr., in perfect uniform, is leafing through some file
9) 3) dialog: Mmhmm?
11) 0) text: The Morris family car, U-HAUL in tow, cuts a straight arr path across the barren landscape. Jim Sr. is at the wheel Ollie on the passenger side. Jimmy and Kael sit in the ba
13) 9) dialog: Did you hear me? * Jimmy, for maybe the first time in his life, stares right his father without backing down. Jim Sr. feels it, too, g a box and carries it over to his son. *
13) 10) dialog: {right at Jimmy) * There are more important things in life * than baseball. Sooner you figure that * out, the better. * He forces the box into Jimmy’s hands. After another beat, Jimmy gives in, turns and carries the box toward the hous EXT.” BIG LAKE MAIN STREET - DAY 17 Jimmy takes his bike on its first journey into downtown B Lake. The cars are parked in old style diagonal spots. He spots what he’s looking for...a small CLOTHING AND DRY GOODS STORE.
54) 10) dialog: {concerned} Is that wrong? (trying to explain) I can probably find the receipt and we can just get you another one. One with fingers. (CONTINUED)
101) 0) text: The door opens and Jim Sr. sees Jimmy on the landing(thro a screen door). JIM SR. Jimmy Every conversation between the two is awkward...even as t exchange greetings.
101) 2) dialog: They‘1l be on for a few more hours. (another awkward break) You wanna come in?
101) 7) dialog: Lorri called. (beat) Guess the scouts saw what they wanted. ... hoping he‘ll stay for a moment. And Jimmy does.
198) 3) dialog: ..mot many fathers get a chance to do that. {as close as he'll come to breaking) Guess I let too many of those things get away. A long pause. Jimmy bails him out (CONTINUED)