32) 0) text: A ball thumps into the catcher’s glove as Jimmy arrives a the plate. JOEL, 17 flips the ball to his coach.
32) 2) dialog: Couple of holes. (CONTINUED)
32) 11) dialog: Yes sir. The ball trickles into the outfield.
33) 0) text: The players are gone, all except for Jimmy, Joel and Hunt Joel is stacking his gear, while Jimmy gathers some stray baseballs by the mound. Hunter bags everything else.
33) 1) dialog: Hey Coach? (Jimmy looks over) You wanna throw? (CONTINUED)
33) 4) dialog: Hey Coach? (Jimmy looks over) You wanna throw? Simmy stands up, dropping the last ball in the burlap bag
33) 5) dialog: I've seen you out at the Legion Field. at night. (beat } Y¥‘know sometimes if you throw...works - better if you got somebody catchin’. Joel tosses a ball a couple of feet in the air. It Pplops his glove.
33) 6) dialog: Ball...glove. That kind of thing. For a second, Jimmy looks as if he'll politely refuse, bu
34) 0) text: Joel catches one of the warm-up tosses. It’s nothing spec producing nothing more than a soft THUD as it hits the gl
34) 1) dialog: How come you throw out there? All by yourself?
34) 3) dialog: So...back when you were really throwin’. How fast could you bring it?
34) 5) dialog: That's not bad. (CONTINUED)
34) 9) dialog: Let‘s see you bring one.
34) 11) dialog: C'mon man...one's not gonna hurt ya.. {opens and closes mitt) Feed me. Jimmy catches the ball and holds it for a second. Joel di his cleats in, his glove a tempting invitation. Hunter leans forward, curious. Joel nods and Jimmy sizzle pitch across the plate. It hits Joel‘s glove with a loud POPPING sound. Joel is motionless, holding the ball right where it hit. he shakes his mitt - his hand hurts.
34) 12) dialog: Whoa. (he stands to toss it back) Where’d that come from? Jimmy catches the ball. His eyes are in a different time.
34) 14) dialog: How fast you think those were comin‘?
34) 16) dialog: Sure. Hunter arrives at the mound on Joel’s last word.
41) 8) dialog: Wait’ll he warms up.
46) 16) dialog: @ . How ‘bout you? 4 Jimmy stops. He turns, not sure who spoke up. Joel speaks again.
46) 17) dialog: You talk about our dreams. (beat) Man, I‘ve been catchin’ yours every day. *
46) 19) dialog: C’mon Coach. When you throw I have to ice * my hand. * (shakes his head) You're the one should be wantin’ more. Naturally, it’s Wack who says...
46) 24) dialog: So take another shot Jimmy looks over his shoulder and sees the team hasn’t mo Even his son is watching closely.
46) 28) dialog: We start winnin’,...you try out again. ..,and Jimmy slowly closes his eyes, wondering if the sho are anytime in the near future. He turns around...
46) 32) dialog: Okay...what if we win district, go the * state playoffs? . Jimmy stares for a second...and can’t suppress a chuckle the notion. No one else is laughing. * (CONTINUED)
58) 0) text: Joel and Joaquin are already leaning over the freshly-wat infield, their hands resting on their knees. Jimmy and the two other boys walk up from behind.
58) 3) dialog: We're gonna have a baseball field
61) 0) text: JOEL hits a solid line drive down the first base line. Th umpire signals FAIR BALL! Wack scores
64) 0) text: Rudy pitches to a left-handed batter. The batter hits a f ball toward the third base dugout. Joel, Ernest and Rudy converge on the ball. Ernest is almost to the ball as Joe mitt comes out of nowhere to make the play that ends the game
65) 0) text: Another practice. Jimmy throws a pitch and this time it's Joel who gets a piece of it. He hits it deep into the outfield. Everyone cheers.
66) 0) text: The season continues, the Owls’ now dressed in their home whites. The grass is coming in, still light in spots. Mor fans are in the bleachers The scoreboard reads: VISITORS 5 OWLS 9 A ground ball is struck toward second base. Rudy catches cleanly and throws a perfect relay to Wack, who brushes h foot against second base and tosses the ball to first Joe David raises his arms in celebration and the players off the field...victorious again. rae 56a o ur @ as EXT. BIG LAKE BASEBALL FIELD - (GAME 5} DAY More fans, more grass. Joel’s bat connects... 87 88 89 57
67) 1) text: The stands are nearly full, the grass is thickening. Joel throws a perfect toss to cut down an opposing runner tryi to steal. Wack makes the tag and the umpire calls him out Players go around the horn ~- Wack to Joe David to Miguel Ernest and back to Rudy. Confident faces everywhere The scoreboard reads: VISITORS 4 OWLS 20
68) 0) text: The grass is now completely in, the stands completely jam Joel hits a home run over the left field fence and the players celebrate
75) 0) text: A ground ball scoots under the glove of a nervous Joaquin rolls between his legs into the outfield. One runner scores...then another. Joel catches the ball a holds up his glove, telling his teammates to take it easy
76) 0) text: A series of sparkling plays as the game draws on, and wit each play the contest grows more intense: 1) The Owl third baseman (ERNEST) fields a hot grounder a throws the ball to Joe David for an out. 2) An Owl player (MIGUEL) hits a shot toward the opposing shortstop who stabs the ball 3) An opposing player hits a high pop-up. Joe David waves off several Owl players to make the catch 4) Rudy, on the mound, checks an opposing runner's lead-o from second base. Joel gives a signal which Wack and Miguel(2nd baseman) catch. Neither covers the bag MATT (the Owl center-fielder) sneaks up behind the runner and takes the pick-off throw from Rudy, catching the opposing runner unawares 5S) A bloop fly into right field sends Owls scurrying to and snag it. The Owl right-fielder barely misses a collis to make a diving catch and toss to Joel (covering first) double up an opposing runner. 6) A long fly ball sails close to the fence, but Matt, th Qwl center-fielder catches it over his shoulder 7) One after another opposing players strike out as Rudy gives his all on the mound. 8) One by one the Owls strike out as the Opposing pitcher finds his groove. And then -- 9) An Owl player hits the ball hard and makes it to third base. 4 triple. 10) Rudy, at the plate, takes a sign from Jimmy and steel himself for his at-bat (CONTINUED)
77) 0) text: Rudy, dead tired, throws and the batter hits a screamer r back at him. He stabs the ball and the runners hold. Two down . The next opposing batter (Cory) digs in, crowding the pla Joel notices and gives Rudy a sign. Rudy brushes the batt back. Ball one. The batter backs off the plate just a bit ~ Joel notices and Rudy freezes the batter with a curve.
99) 1) text: si 124 125 Joaquin, Joe David, Rudy and Joel are close to finishing their burgers. Jimmy sits across the table.
99) 5) dialog: What‘’s wrong with the minor leagues?
142) 0) text: Joel, Wack, Rudy and Joe David huddle around one of the school computers, listening.
149) 4) dialog: what?
149) 10) dialog: Hey! This is Coach we’re talkin‘ about.
149) 13) dialog: Yeah? Then you call Coach‘s wife and tell her we didn‘t do anything. (beat) Anybody wanna do that? Anybody wanna tell her it’s a waste of time? That would be no. The friends look at each other...
153) 0) text: Joaquin, Joe David, Joel and Rudy lean against their cars silence There are only five cars waiting to make the trip.