32) 7) dialog: Man...it’s a goat track out here. Jimmy gets set to hit the ball...
32) 20) dialog: They don‘t even play for six months. dimmy sends another grounder toward short...a sharp one.
44) 0) text: Rudy's pitch is struck deep into center-field (by CORY). Owl center~fielder (MATT) runs for it but can’t quite get there. One run scores...then another. The ball is thrown to Wack who turns to see that the damage is already done. Disgusted, he flips the ball toward Rudy. The scoreboard.
45) 0) text: Jimmy walks to the mound where Rudy stands, knowing he’s for the day.
45) 2) dialog: (tosses the ball to Jimmy) Not my year. Jimmy waves for the left-fielder (EDDIE) to take over for Rudy, who trots out to trade positions. Jimmy looks around the infield at his players. At Wack. A Joe David. Even Joel. ...they’ve given up...
46) 26) dialog: It does if you throw hard enough.
59) 0) text: Located just beyond the baseball field. The team is doing their best to practice on this make-shift field. Jimmy fungos a grounder to Wack, who flips it to Rudy at second.
62) 0) text: Rudy takes a big lead off second base (Matt at the plate) tries to steal third. The throw sails over the opposing Player's head and Rudy strolls home. Jimmy glances at the scoreboard: VISITORS 7 WILDCATS 3
64) 0) text: Rudy pitches to a left-handed batter. The batter hits a f ball toward the third base dugout. Joel, Ernest and Rudy converge on the ball. Ernest is almost to the ball as Joe mitt comes out of nowhere to make the play that ends the game
66) 0) text: The season continues, the Owls’ now dressed in their home whites. The grass is coming in, still light in spots. Mor fans are in the bleachers The scoreboard reads: VISITORS 5 OWLS 9 A ground ball is struck toward second base. Rudy catches cleanly and throws a perfect relay to Wack, who brushes h foot against second base and tosses the ball to first Joe David raises his arms in celebration and the players off the field...victorious again. rae 56a o ur @ as EXT. BIG LAKE BASEBALL FIELD - (GAME 5} DAY More fans, more grass. Joel’s bat connects... 87 88 89 57
67) 0) text: Joaquin's bat connects...Joe David‘s...Rudy’s...player af player crushes the ball. The scoreboard reads: VISITORS 3 OWLS 14
67) 1) text: The stands are nearly full, the grass is thickening. Joel throws a perfect toss to cut down an opposing runner tryi to steal. Wack makes the tag and the umpire calls him out Players go around the horn ~- Wack to Joe David to Miguel Ernest and back to Rudy. Confident faces everywhere The scoreboard reads: VISITORS 4 OWLS 20
76) 0) text: A series of sparkling plays as the game draws on, and wit each play the contest grows more intense: 1) The Owl third baseman (ERNEST) fields a hot grounder a throws the ball to Joe David for an out. 2) An Owl player (MIGUEL) hits a shot toward the opposing shortstop who stabs the ball 3) An opposing player hits a high pop-up. Joe David waves off several Owl players to make the catch 4) Rudy, on the mound, checks an opposing runner's lead-o from second base. Joel gives a signal which Wack and Miguel(2nd baseman) catch. Neither covers the bag MATT (the Owl center-fielder) sneaks up behind the runner and takes the pick-off throw from Rudy, catching the opposing runner unawares 5S) A bloop fly into right field sends Owls scurrying to and snag it. The Owl right-fielder barely misses a collis to make a diving catch and toss to Joel (covering first) double up an opposing runner. 6) A long fly ball sails close to the fence, but Matt, th Qwl center-fielder catches it over his shoulder 7) One after another opposing players strike out as Rudy gives his all on the mound. 8) One by one the Owls strike out as the Opposing pitcher finds his groove. And then -- 9) An Owl player hits the ball hard and makes it to third base. 4 triple. 10) Rudy, at the plate, takes a sign from Jimmy and steel himself for his at-bat (CONTINUED)
76) 6) text: The seventh and final inning. VISITORS 2 OWLS 3 Rudy's struggling. Opposing runners on second and third. throws a pitch.
76) 9) dialog: I got nuthin‘. Jce David drops his head, knowing they're now set up to l But Joaquin smells the victory...and grabs the ball from Joel's glove, plopping it in Rudy‘s. (CONTINUED)
77) 0) text: Rudy, dead tired, throws and the batter hits a screamer r back at him. He stabs the ball and the runners hold. Two down . The next opposing batter (Cory) digs in, crowding the pla Joel notices and gives Rudy a sign. Rudy brushes the batt back. Ball one. The batter backs off the plate just a bit ~ Joel notices and Rudy freezes the batter with a curve.
78) 0) text: The celebration has moved into the locker room. The playe clap and watch Joe David dance. Jimmy watches with * satisfaction, leaning against a nearby wall. Rudy stands on a bench and calls for quiet. *
78) 1) dialog: Hey! Hey!!! * {they quiet) * To the man who taught us about wantin‘ somethin’ more...Coach Jimmy Morris of the district champion Big Lake Owls! * (cheers, Jimmy smiles) We wanted it...and now we got it baby. More yelling and cheering. Rudy steps down and walks up t his coach. He holds out a BASEBALL signed by each player. RUDY (CONT‘D) Now it's your turn. f
99) 1) text: si 124 125 Joaquin, Joe David, Rudy and Joel are close to finishing their burgers. Jimmy sits across the table.
99) 2) dialog: You said you‘d think about it?
99) 12) dialog: Man, I ain’t ever gettin’ married.
142) 0) text: Joel, Wack, Rudy and Joe David huddle around one of the school computers, listening.
142) 2) dialog: Coach is bringin’ it tonight.
147) 0) text: The quiet of the kitchen is replaced with a noisy celebra down Main Street in Big Lake. Rudy and Joaquin drive down the street, honking the horn yelling out the window to anyone who will listen
147) 4) dialog: Coach made it! Coach Morris is goin’ to the big leagues! Joe David, Joel and TWO OTHER PLAYERS are right behind, laying on the horn as well. The procession approaches Henry's store. 176 INT. HENRY’S STORE - CONTINUOUS 176 Henry is in the front of his store, tidying up the displa He hears the noise from outside and curiosity gets the be of him. He walks out...
149) 1) dialog: Boys, I think it’s time we put together a little road trip to Arlington.
149) 3) dialog: ...get a few more pizza's They rush toward the door...but Wack suddenly stops. The turn and see a look of realization and disappointment
149) 11) dialog: C’mon Joel, Coach could be pitchin’ next door and this town wouldn‘t go.
153) 0) text: Joaquin, Joe David, Joel and Rudy lean against their cars silence There are only five cars waiting to make the trip.