28) 0) text: Mike is sitting around a conference table with a bunch of F.B.I. officials. PETER DONNELLY, late 50's, high official, booming voice, strides into the roonm..
28) 1) dialog: What’s F.B.I. stand for people?! He’s drinking coffee, walking quickly. A young official s to respond until Peter cuts him off...
28) 2) dialog: Fidelity, bravery, and motherfucking integrity. That’s what you should say to yourself before you start every day. Those five little words that just roll off the tongue and make you wanna DO YOUR FUCKING JOB. (overemphasizing) Say it with me people. The group follows unenthusiastically..
28) 4) dialog: Fantastic. He sips his coffee. Another young OFFICIAL walks in late...
28) 6) dialog: The only person that can be late in this room is me. Do it again and I’1l pour this delicious coffee down your pants..and that’s not a threat. Okay! Who’s gonna start?! He glances over at Mike...
28) 7) dialog: Northcutt--Brief us on the Garcia operation.
28) 9) dialog: Anything substantial?
28) 11) dialog: You have funding to continue your program.
28) 13) dialog: What?
28) 15) dialog: Who would've thought the fat fuck would play Wall Street? He smiles.
28) 17) dialog: We're trying to bring down a drug lord, not some yuppy, stock brokers.
28) 19) dialog: -Did you get names?
28) 21) dialog: SEC on them yet?
28) 23) dialog: Well tell'em to do another. Mike scribbles something into a notebook, he seems frustr
66) 0) text: Mike is standing in front of a projector screen in this s conference room. Peter Donnelly is standing in the back of the room with h crossed. Mike is explaining what he thinks our guys are doing...
66) 4) dialog: Now, is any of this information backed up? Confirmed?
66) 6) dialog: Don't bother us anymore with speculation...get some facts. Alright, who's next?! Peter walks down the aisle toward the front of the room. Mike starts breathing hard, getting more and more frustra until he bursts out...
66) 8) dialog: What?
66) 10) dialog: Please cover your ears--I’m about to start cussing now. (a beat) Sit your fucking ass over in that motherfucking chair Northcutt! Mike pauses and then walks over to his chair and sits dow Peter wanders over to the projector screen, examines it a turns around.
66) 11) text: First off, you ever call me Peter again and I’ll rip your nose off your fucking face. You address me as “sir” or you address me as Mister Donnelly. I may be attractive and youthful but I have earned my status as “Mister.” You got that? Mike doesn’t react.
66) 12) dialog: Issue number two..we are not in the business of skepticism Mike. We are in the business of fact. And I like facts. Facts don’t fucking lie, and the only facts you have right now, Mike, Mike Northcutt, is that you are a novice fucking official that enjoys raising his voice to heads of criminal investigative divisions. (he begins pacing the aisles) A man is shot with a bullet equals fact. A car crashes into a telephone pole equals fact. Tears are wet, fire is hot, ice is cold, fact, fact, and fact. You have no facts son, you have skepticism and the world is not run that way and neither is the Federal Bureau of Investigation. This may be the wrong Unit for you. Maybe you should transfer to Cyber Division and handle internet Fraud? You know where they’re stationed? (changing tones) Do you wanna know where they’re stationed? You want to be in the criminal investigative division? This division? You need to do some criminal investigating. You need to get tangible evidence. So let me say it one more time, Mikey, and I hope you can contain your tears. Don’t bother us again with speculation—get some facts. (he heads toward the door) Now all of you go turn your teeth into fucking fangs and start making some arrests. cut TO: