6) 22) text: HOLD OF HER SHOULDER AND HAIR! They roll head ex - Victoria uses the momentum to her advantage FLING Emmett off and over her into a tree. the split second he’s down to leap back over to and and keeps running. Emmett is pissed --
6) 36) text: -- but Emmett, seeing red, FLIES over the ravine -- the second his feet hit the other side -- PAUL-WOLF turns to face him. There’s a moment of standoff. It would be simple enoug! Emmett to defuse the situation by jumping back -~- b not his style. Paul GROWLS with bravado. That ju Emmett smile. ee
12) 24) dialog: We gotta find this fool and get answers out of him.
16) 39) dialog: (grinning, to Bella) Look who survived the dog park. Need something for those flea bites?
16) 45) dialog: pessimist. Edward abruptlyslooks Jasper, reading his mind a beat --
16) 75) dialog: (another grin Something to look forwa Bella blanches. Jasper nods. Emmet enthusiastic.
16) 120) dialog: But... we are gonna kick someone',oz» ass, right? eo AICHE oT 45 a
17) 66) text: They hear a sound, both SPINNING at once - to FIND BEHIND THEM - TWO WOLVES. Here to take over sentry duty. Emmett and Alice back away, the wolves eying their move. A truce, but a tense one...
20) 10) dialog: ry about it *
20) 14) dialog: From Seattle? * 52
28) 1) text: It’s wall to wall te has transformed Dancing, celebrating. Alice into a magical nightclub. ANGLE ON THE FRONT D - as Bella enters, immediately t Mad. She weaves her way through the whor Edward. She finally spots him -- onsultation with Carlisie, Emmett and ood is intense.
31) 16) text: ON THE népuaNs - From out of the mist skulk BIGHT GIANT VES , x wary and on-edge as the Cullens are. Emmett ogtikges Paul-wolf; their eyes meet, both itching for a he TSE - BLUE DRAFT (7/14/09) 62.
31) 75) dialog: Not in my nature. x_with impossible speed, but Jasper is a Emmett lunges several times, his strong arms g at air. Jasper stops long enough to say ~~ TSE - BLUE DRAFT (7/14/09) 64.
52) 0) text: ON EDWARD reading Seth-wolf ating for Bella. Jacob jus he’s good. STAY ON EDWARD‘S FACE as he S the action through Seth- wolf‘s mind. CAMERA CIRCLES D as Bella and his 109 -- Paul-wolf inded by THREE NEWBORNS; Emmett comes i ‘are a look, a battlefield rapprochement. i@ move in on BREE -- but she backs up and Carlisle share a look. They relax is a step behind her, trying to give her cover ~~ sees a NEWBORN take note of Jasper's protective Edward yells at Jasper, though he can't hear --
54) 3) dialog: Probably hoping thi few of us out Edward stops as he sees s What‘s she dot Bella looks to THE FIRE -- by wh¥ch cowers the newborn BR