11) 3) text: Captain Ernst Lehmann and Dr. Hugo Eckener, both in civil clothes, read the Rauch letter as Kessler faces them. Leh fifty-one, is a quietly forceful man of short, stocky bui Eckener, sixty-eight, a gcateed visionary, is the greates living pioneer of lighter-than-air transportation.
18) 0) text: The band on the apron switches to a Wagnerian air. The Hi Youth troop snaps to attention. Captains Pruss and Lehman approach the Zeppelin at a brisk pace.
55) 0) text: rearranged for Channing's concert...crowded. Unoccupied r served seats for the Captain are in the front row. Some off-duty crewmen, including Boerth, congregate on the pro decks. Many passengers are in evening dress. At the piano Channing waits for the beautifully gowned Countess to fin seat. Men pop up all over, offering their places, but she settles in splendid isolation in the Captain's row. Chann starts to play.
59) 7) text: Pruss nods graciously and the men move closer. . ue CHANNING (to audience) For the first time in public I'm . going to playa number from my up- — — coming show. Mr. Joe Spah has _ kindly agreed to take part in our little entertainment. (pointedly) I hope you like it, Captain. . As Spah comes from his seat, a ripple of excitement goe : through the audience. , 4
73) 1) text: The wheel jerks in Helmsman Frenkel's grip. Instantly a second man joins his mate to hold it steady. Watch Office Dimmler spins from the phone to the Captain.
103) 9) text: A uniformed Police Captain working at his desk calls out response to a knock:
103) 19) dialog: Three hours. Where you been, Baker? All you had to do was phone the steamship line.
103) 21) dialog: “You're going to tell me any day now, aren't you, Baker?
103) 30) dialog: Well, send him the odds. That's what the guy probably wants.
192) 0) text: in conference at the landing mast. They are German Ambass Luther, a Luftwaffe General, a USAAF General, a Dept. of Commerce Official, Dr. Eckener, Commander Rosendahl, and Captain Pruss, his head, neck and one hand in bandages.