15) 18) text: 44-C ANGLE ON THE COUNTESS VON SCHARNWITZ 44-c Elegant in a striking white cape, she hands the Immigrati official her passport.. A woman of great style and breedi with a finely chiseled face, the Countess is a classic be
15) 20) dialog: (a charming smile) Until I get homesick, I suppose.
15) 24) dialog: To visit my daughter at school in _. _ Boston.
15) 25) text: He registers interest in this. a 2 44-E TWO SHOT - THE COUNTESS AND GESTAPO MAJOR a 7 44-8
15) 28) dialog: . With friends. Mr. and Mrs. Alden - 3 Winthrop.
15) 35) dialog: Yes -- and their place on Cape Cod.
15) 37) dialog: (with an edge) He's with the Winthrop First National Bank and I can assure you, Major, he's not the doorman.
15) 71) dialog: Arguing with SS inspectors by her six Vuitton suitcases a large wardrobe trunk, she is the last one at the baggage
15) 76) dialog: I'd expect more courtesy on a cattle boat. Now you just do as you're « told. :
15) 78) dialog: Ah, Colonel Kessler. I thought I recognized you. These people insist » on going through my entire trunk before putting it on board. Will you talk to them, please?
15) 80) dialog: (coolly but with- out rancor) Not very gallant, was it, Colonel? . The German Air Force isn't dt all what it used to be »- but then I . suppose nothing is these days.
36) 38) dialog: (leaning forward) When you're quite through with it, may I, Mr..Pajetta?
36) 40) dialog: (applying lighter to her little pipe) Filthy habit, cigars. Pajetta sniffs, eyes the Countess, and glances significan Napier who also recognizes the aroma from the little pipe Kessler enters and surveys the smoking room.
36) 41) dialog: / (tipping pipe at him) Join me, Colonel? Goering adores it.
36) 62) dialog: What shall we bet, Colonel? The honor of the Third Reich also hangs in the balance.
36) 64) dialog: Five hundred marks it stands eight hours. (teasing) Will you watch it through the night with me, Colonel?
41) 1) text: The Countess moves warily. She is looking for a certain d
41) 7) text: The Countess finds the door she wants, opens it cautiousl Radio Officer Speck sits at the equipment, manicuring his VOGEL'S VOICE. Not any more. Peenemunde's just : een taken over by Weapons Research. Some big new development in rockets. If she knows what's going on there, it's risky letting her out of the = country. Speck senses something, turns. At first he looks surprise then delighted. He beckons her in. ° *KESSLER'S VOICE ‘ , . I'd say it was risky for the ship's photographer to step out of line with the Countess. Speck carefully checks the passageway.
53) 4) dialog: From our hot-blooded radio operator. a KESSLER , Give it to me, Countess. Twisting away, she sits on the settee (bed made up for da
53) 7) dialog: .. - . (lolling back) , : . Franz, I've learned the new game. Breaking all the rules. It's much more fun for people like us than the butchers and shoe clerks in their Brown shirts. Because, you see, we made the rules. Dos KESSLER ap (grasping her wrist) I made this one.
53) 12) dialog: -(a weary sigh) Go ahead. Take it. (gesturing) Help yourself to anything else. That's the official policy, isn't it? (shrugging) * They've already taken my house and my land.
53) 14) dialog: Generous? I screamed bloody mur- der. Good God, if I told you what they're doing at Peenemunde, Franz ---
53) 23) dialog: Yes, and doing very well there. It's a school for the deaf, you know. The best, I'm told. Trudi's learned to speak now and lip-read. This. summer we'll --- Suddenly she gasps and drops the picture. The cabin has turned an eerie blue.
54) 0) text: The whole ship glows the same eerie blue. The passengers tea on the banquettes look in terror at sparks dancing of their fingers. People come running from their cabins and the lounge. Kessler hurries onto the promenade with the Countess who has the white cape over her shoulders.
54) 14) dialog: Drawing her cape around her, she contemplates the sea thr an open window. Kessler stops beside her.
54) 15) dialog: Marvelous sensation on an airship... floating...timeless.... , Kessler inconspicuously tosses the lighter in his hand; t drops it into the sea. She looks at him mischievously.
54) 17) dialog: (flatly) Why? - : KESSLER ° ; . : . Major Napier and Pajetta. .They . . pique my professional curiosity.
54) 18) dialog: I've been propositioned frequently, but this is the first time I've been recruited by the Luftwaffe. That is what you're doing, isn't it, Franz?
54) 26) dialog: (laughing) I'll give you ten percent of my winnings.. If you rememher, I'm good at games of chance,
54) 28) dialog: (a puzzled look) Now that's. an odd thing to say.
55) 0) text: rearranged for Channing's concert...crowded. Unoccupied r served seats for the Captain are in the front row. Some off-duty crewmen, including Boerth, congregate on the pro decks. Many passengers are in evening dress. At the piano Channing waits for the beautifully gowned Countess to fin seat. Men pop up all over, offering their places, but she settles in splendid isolation in the Captain's row. Chann starts to play.
59) 13) dialog: Seated beside the: Captain,. she has her hand to her mout trying desperately to suppress her laughter.
116) 0) text: The Countess plays poker with Napier, Pajetta and Osborne The stakes on the table are high and the men are tense. T Countess coolly sips -a champagne cocktail.
116) 3) dialog: Raise. Pajetta frowns, glances at Napier, then laughs, jiggling cane.
116) 5) dialog: I use it to polish my nails. Showing him her fingers, she rests them on top of his can LOW ANGLE AT TABLE ~ “ 277 * As Pajetta's cane is grounded, the Countess' elegant spik “heel takes up the tapping sound.
116) 7) text: NAPIER / ® (to Countess) See you and raise you.
116) 13) text: ~ . (showing cards) Full house. (chuckling) I'm only sorry this isn't strip poker, Countess. 4 - me COUNTESS : (dryly) , . “You'd be. looking for a fig leaf. Straight flush. “Pajetta blinks at the high hand,. then glares at her and as she rakes in the money. Napier wipes his brow with a h kerchief from his sleeve.
116) 34) dialog: (showing a full house) I believe the pot is mine. (a sweet smile) May I send a bottle of champagne to your cabin?
116) 42) dialog: Taking his arm, she guides him to the bar.
116) 43) dialog: You're forgiven, dear Franz. .I've made enough to send fifty trunks over on the Bremen.
116) 45) dialog: (between puffs) They cheat at cards. I believe that's how they make their living.
116) 47) dialog: Yes. Pajetta taps signals with it.
116) 56) dialog: Sweet, darling Franz. It's all so depressing. (offering pipe) This helps a little.
116) 58) dialog: (kissing his cheek) Old stone face.
120) 0) text: Excited passengers pick out landmarks. A shout from Dougl startles people around him -~ Kessler, the Countess, othe
131) 1) dialog: (staring at Kirsch) This is absured. Passengers are queued up at a table where Kirsch returns passports and issues landing cards to be filled in. KIRSCH. Yes, m'am. I'm sure it's only a technicality that will be straight- ened out before we land.
131) 2) dialog: (heatedly) Give me back my passport this in- stant, Kirsch. She riffles through the passports on the table.
132) 0) text: Cqming. up the stairs, Kessler moves down the -passageway set, the Countess hurries into the foyer.
132) 1) text: FPranz....- ANGLE ON KESSLER 314-c turning in the passageway. The Countess rushes up to him.
132) 2) dialog: They've picked up my passport.
132) 13) dialog: (distraught) . Yours, maybe. Who else knows about Peenemunde? You -~+- He claps his ‘hand over her mouth. As he does so, his eye slide off.
156) 0) text: ‘With everyone on the promenade decks now, the lounge is except for Kirsch. At the table he puts papers in a brief case and starts to leave. The Countess catches him.
156) 1) dialog: Kirsch. In all that nonsense I forgot to fill out a landing card.
156) 6) dialog: Colonel Kessler is taking care of it.
172) 0) text: “speck kicks at the window. - ‘Nothing. The Countess, in white cape, carrying a vanity case, rushes in. . She bash the isinglass with the case. The window goes out but the case bursts open, spilling jewelry. She has difficulty climbing out.
172) 1) dialog: Help me, Speck. Speck pushes her aside and plunges out the window. She wa him fall, her eyes widening in horror. of
172) 8) dialog: Sparks fly through the window. She backs away. Pulling th hood of her cape over her head, she runs out.
180) 0) text: Arm in arm, Pajetta, Napier and the Countess move along t slanted passage through smoke and occasional flame. Napie hugs the backgammon board. Pajetta taps exploringly with cane at the obscured floor. A cracking sound...The smoke partially clears. Before them the debarkation stairway, b from its fitting, falis into place on the ground. Unsurpr by this stroke of luck, Napier gestures “after you" to th Countess. He and Pajetta hurry behind her down the stairs
190) 0) text: stumbling away from disaster. Escorted between the two me the Countess lowers the hood of her charred and smoking c peering around for her daughter. Napier and Pajetta, sing ‘like a couple of scarecrows caught in a cornfield fire, clutch backgammon board and cane. Napier spots someone o. and nudges Pajetta. They veer off, leaving the Countess f COUNTESS vo (astonished; calling) Wait...Thank you.
190) 12) dialog: watching them a moment, then turning to stare bleakly at:
190) 14) dialog: numb, her face a mask. With a shudder she pulls her tatte cape around her and moves away, anxiously scanning the by standers.
190) 16) dialog: as she sees her daughter; reacting.
190) 17) dialog: The Countess runs toward her, shouting.
190) 18) dialog: Trudi, Trudi...my darling. It's mother. : The sobbing child, unable to hear, doesn't move or look u Reaching her, the Countess throws her arms around her.” CLOSE ON BOW a 466. where the last section.of fabric remains. Letter by lette the flames quickly devour the name HINDENBURG. The shriek the steam whistle o.s. stops. In abrupt silence: