12) 0) text: A title: FRANKFURT AIRFIELD, SUNDAY, MAY 2, 1937 In this dimly lit, smoky rathskeller near the airfield, s of the crew, their wives and girlfriends are having a far party around tables pushed together: Chief Rigger Knorr, squat, long-armed man of fifty with a homely sympathetic Frau Knorr, his broad-beamed, narrow-minded wife; Steward Imhof, a martinet; compact, tough Elevatorman Felber; Sec Rigger Neuhaus, a country boy; rugged Mechanic Ludecke; H man Frenkel, meticulous in dress and manner. om First Rigger Eric Boerth and Freda Halle, a busty, han blonde a few years older than Boerth, behave openly as lo Boerth is a youthful man with a determined face, close-cr hair and a tall athletic build. He is a mixture of extrem » competence, readiness to serve and tight-lipped superio « -a character more complex than he himself realizes.
12) 1) dialog: ==Stupid. SS men crawling all over our ship morning till night. Dirt from their shoes.
12) 39) dialog: Freda Halle is a loose woman. They say she works for foreigners, some ‘French bank in Frankfurt.
12) 41) dialog: Women's gossip. We're all loyal Germans. Besides,: Eric's no fool. Enough, now. (rising for a toast) I drink to the one I love. . (as. his. Frau preens) The Hindenburg: Amid laughter and cheers, they all rise. Mechanic Ludecke starts singing the "Horst Wessel Song" and the others joi
26) 0) text: His face against a window, Boerth stands on the long stai leading to the riggers' shelf where Chief Knorr and Secon Rigger Neuhaus disconnect the nose cone from inside.
26) 1) dialog: Eric -- lend a hand. You act like this is your first trip.
75) 0) text: Held by ropes, Riggers Knorr'and Boerth start up the gird to a hatch. The heavy flapping sound of the shreds floggi the ship continues. Felber and Ludecke, the anchormen for the rope, ascend behind the riggers and stop below the ha _ lashing themselves to girders. Third Rigger Neuhaus arr with a ‘new section of fabric.
78) 0) text: Boerth checks to make sure the upper end of the ladder, t down by Knorr beside him, is securely fastened to ‘the ha framework. , 2 .
80) 0) text: With his weight Boerth steadies the ladder as Knorr desce
80) 6) text: Moving along a beam beneath the skin, hitched together by safety rope, they crawl forward to. the tear. A flailing snaps Knorr viciously across the eyes. He grunts. Momenta blinded, he starts to slide off, pulling Boerth with him.
82) 0) text: Boerth and Knorr, held by the rope, work their way back.
86) 4) dialog: (shouting) Eric, you sew, you're the fastest. Boerth gets to his knees. Knorr remains prone on the fabr Boerth goes to work with his heavy sailmaker's needle and palm. Hampered by the rope, he cuts.himself free from Kno Knorr, still tied to the safety rope, shakes his head gri
88) 2) dialog: (one eye closed) Go back before you swim back, Eric. We'll finish. . ’
91) 6) dialog: ie! (yelling) Eric: Boerth hesitates, then crawls off with Knorr to the ladde Boerth anchors it and Knorr starts up.
121) 15) dialog: Found something, Eric?
124) 6) dialog: * Please excuse my appearance, Captain.
124) 9) dialog: (searching) I had it-when I took off my clothes: . Somebody must've borrowed it. . oO KESSLER {showing detached blade) Is this it, Knorr? Knorr. looks briefly at both sides of the blade.
124) 10) dialog: No.
124) 20) dialog: Arrest me, Captain? Because my knife was borrowed? A bosun's whistle shrills o.s. Men pile from the bunks an move out to their stations. Lehmann picks up the towel an hands it to Knorr. :
136) 6) dialog: I want him too. Lazy bum's probably asleep in the nose cone. Kessler turns and hustles back, looking at his watch.
136) 15) dialog: A worn place we patched, but I'm sure it's secure.
147) 2) dialog: Stand by for starboard line drop.