18) 7) text: .Now the passengers are escorted to the ship. The Countes accompanied by Chief Radio Officer Willy Speck who carrie armful of clothing from her defrocked wardrobe trunk.
41) 7) text: The Countess finds the door she wants, opens it cautiousl Radio Officer Speck sits at the equipment, manicuring his VOGEL'S VOICE. Not any more. Peenemunde's just : een taken over by Weapons Research. Some big new development in rockets. If she knows what's going on there, it's risky letting her out of the = country. Speck senses something, turns. At first he looks surprise then delighted. He beckons her in. ° *KESSLER'S VOICE ‘ , . I'd say it was risky for the ship's photographer to step out of line with the Countess. Speck carefully checks the passageway.
47) 0) text: Entering, Kessler hesitates as he sees the 2nd Radio Offi with Speck. : ‘KESSLER . Mr. Lessing, would you wait outside a moment, please?
47) 3) dialog: Yessir. He begins tapping out the message on the wireless key.’
50) 0) text: Lehmann, Kessler and Speck puzzle over the message. ‘ . KESSLER In any case it requires an answer which:we'll see before Douglas. That gives us an advantage.
67) 0) text: With Kessler at his shoulder, Speck finishes taking down messagé coming from the wireless in dots-and-dashes, and swings toward the typewriter... KESSLER — Just read it from the shorthand.
67) 1) dialog: "Checking information that former lover of Freda Halle was killed . fighting for leftists in Spain -- > * signed, Hufschmidt.' > Kessler lifts the paper from Speck and tears it.up.
100) 0) text: as he opens the door and: enters. Speck, tuning in an R. Strauss- opera, is-behind.Kessler-who seals a message envelope. Kirsch closes the door, blo¢king camera.
107) 0) text: Semi-darkness...His face tinted by the green luminescence the radio dials, Speck copies down a message coming off t short wave in dots-and-dashes. As Lessing enters, Speck p the message in an envelope. and seals it carefully.
107) 1) dialog: For Kessler. Get it to him immediately.
172) 0) text: “speck kicks at the window. - ‘Nothing. The Countess, in white cape, carrying a vanity case, rushes in. . She bash the isinglass with the case. The window goes out but the case bursts open, spilling jewelry. She has difficulty climbing out.