9) 3) dialog: Jesus Christ, babe, scared the shit out of me! I might’ve shot you. Can’t do that. His wife, DEBBIE, late 30s, once hot and sweet, now jaded sleep-deprived, sits with her legs and arms crossed, and hair-extensions balled up in a clip.
9) 5) dialog: Creep up on me like that.
9) 7) dialog: Erase? What do you mean... (holds up his cell) The phone? I don’t know how to work this fucking thing, you know that - Debbie imitates him, repeats his line while grinding her and bouncing it back and forth just like him. Exactly lik him.
9) 9) dialog: Babe, we really have to do this right now — (CONTINUED)
9) 13) dialog: Yeah. And I was out banging hookers... (incredulous) Of course I was at work! Debbie stands, fed up, walks up to him. She holds her cel his face. A TEXT MESSAGE is up on the screen.
9) 16) dialog: (hushed, to himself) What the.... Debbie ushers their 2 daughters, McKENNA, 7, CASSADY, 3, the door. The girls are still half-asleep, teary and conf by what’s going on. Deb scoops Cassady up into her arms.
9) 20) dialog: Woah woah woah. Wifey, what are you doing?! Seriously - Debbie just blows right over any acknowledgement of what’ actually going down. She’s moving out, and taking the kid with her. And there’s nothing else to say about it.
9) 23) dialog: Oh that’s good. Well said. (to McKenna) Mommy didn’t mean that. The situation is such that, Nick doesn’t know what the he to say, or do. All he knows is, it sucks.
9) 24) dialog: I can’t come right now sweetheart, but I‘1l see you a little later, OK? Come here- McKenna and Nick reach to hug one another, but Debbie gra McKenna’s hand and whisks her right out the door.
9) 25) dialog: Deb, for Christ sake, can you slow it down a second?! Nope. Into the car they go, despite her daughter’s protes Debbie situates the girls in the car seats, then turns ba to the house to grab her bags. Nick walks beside her, tri to conceal from his girls the fact that he’s about to rip their mother’s head off.
9) 26) dialog: (hisses in a whisper) Have you lost your fucking mind, woman?! What the fuck?!
9) 30) dialog: Shhhh! Quiet, Christ! (throws his hands up) “My”? What the -—
9) 32) dialog: Deb, stop. Seriously, please don’t do this - Debbie explodes with pent up pain, and unleashes on her husband. She punches and claws at him like a banshee. Nic just back-pedals and tries to evade her onslaught.
9) 34) dialog: Nice job. Nice. Good stuff. Debbie screams, hysterical. Tears and upset stream down h face. As she jumps behind the wheel, both McKenna and Cas start balling. A marriage disintegrates, right before our eyes. BIG NICK (CONT’D) Perfect. The car’s tires chirp as Debbie throws it in reverse, the she punches it, and Nick’s family disappears down the str Nick stands there in his driveway, unmoving, staring into space, feeling like the world’s biggest asshole. Looks ar his property, eyes glazed over, like it’s an alien planet One of the neighbors, an OLD MAN IN A TRACKSUIT, comes ou his front door and mad-dogs Nick. Surely does not appreci nor approve of, the baby mama drama. Nick waves to him: (CONTINUED)
10) 1) dialog: Yip? Nick listens, doesn’t at all like what he’s hearing from other end. Then he hangs up. Nick shuts his eyes, and sighs, deep and long... EXT. RANDY’S DONUT SHOP, GARDENA - MORNING 17 A BLACKED-OUT, LIFTED FORD F-150 TRUCK flies into a red z parks. Big Nick hops out, pulls on a Blazer, slides on a of Von Zipper shades, pops a stick of gum in his mouth, a saunters toward a CRIME SCENE. At Randy’s donut shop. Slips underneath sawhorses and yellow “police line, do no cross” tape. He’s stopped by a hyper-vigilant GARDENA COP
10) 3) dialog: - guy? Nick stops dead. Glares at the young copper. Flashes a SHERIFF'S DEPARTMENT BADGE in his face. BIG NICK IS A COP
10) 5) dialog: No not cool. Go write a jay-walking ticket or something... (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
10) 8) dialog: (mumbles ) ...Geeks. Nick has sobered himself up and shaken off the morning’s drama, almost on command. Comes from practice. Get the se here that yes, he’s a hard-charging wild-man. But he’s a charger at everything he does. Which in his line of work, means he’s good. Very. Nick surveys the hectic scene: ambulances, shell-casings everywhere, EMTs, the trashed SUV, BODIES OF THE DRIVER A MESSENGER lying on the ground in unnatural positions... He walks up to a GROUP OF MEN surrounding Outlaw#3, who l on the asphalt in a pool of his own blood.
10) 9) dialog: That looks like it hurts... (nods to the men) Good morning, fellow officers. All the guys in the group nod and mumble monosyllabic greetings in unison, annoyed they are up this early. BIG NICK (CONT’D) All bright-eyed and bushy-tailed, I see. These are THE REGULATORS. Big Nick’s crew. LOS ANGELES SHERIFF DEPARTMENT’S METRO ROBBERY-HOMICIDE detail. A sub division within the department that operates with impunit A gang with badges. They've got their own tattoos, hand signs, everything. It’s a very, very fine line that separates these guys from the gangsters they take down. “Dragnet” they are not. Meet them: GUS HENDRIX, 33, an OG from Long Beach who always smells and dresses incredibly well. But beneath the gorgeous sui an aggressive, genetic freak who long ago mastered the ar intimidation on the mean streets of South Los. MURPHY “MURPH” CONNORS, 48, the salty dog here. A big, po marked Irishman from Oxnard sporting sweats, and a silk s with a Roman Emperor theme. He’s terrified of the water a has never surfed a day in his life, despite the fact that grew up across the street from the beach. He stuck to spo that are played indoors, like boxing, which explains the angle of his nose, and drinking, which explains his hango BENNY “BORRACHO” MEGALLON, 40, a no-bullshit veterano fro East Los who has a serious drinking problem, gambling problem, women problem...Name the vice. (CONTINUED)
10) 13) dialog: OTFL. We know who he is yet?
10) 15) dialog: Yes. Next subject.
10) 18) dialog: I got enough toxins in me to turn the Gaza Strip into a gay pride parade.
10) 21) dialog: Oh, and like you Mormons have been drinking Frescas and green tea and doing wheat grass shots all month. Please... I got 48 hours. That’s an eternity. Nick looks at them. They’re staring at him, munching on donuts. (CONTINUED)
10) 25) dialog: We get anything out of him?
10) 27) dialog: (to Outlaw#3) How you feeling there, champ? Not to good? Want a medic? I’1l make you a deal. You tell me the names of all the bad guys that got away, and I’1l get you a medic.
10) 32) dialog: You hear what he said!? Hurry along now. Gus crouches beside the body, blocking his view. The EMT the picture. He slowly backs away, leaves. 18 Den of Thieves February 6, 2016 Draft 20.
11) 0) text: 100 meters down the boulevard, a safe distance away, a nondescript Mazda pulls to the curb, Bosco at the wheel. Bosco looks thru a DIGITAL NIKON CAMERA, zooms in on the donut shop. The motor-drive whirs as HE DOCUMENTS THE CRI SCENE, then disappears back into morning traffic. ON BIG NICK AND THE REGULATORS -- Nick picks up a spent s casing, inspects it, impressed.
11) 1) dialog: Tungsten carbide. Jacketed. That’s no joke.
11) 4) dialog: They knew the route. Picked it because it’s right next to the Municipal airport, knew the restricted air space meant no ghetto bird air support. Smart... Talk to Brinks? How much they get away with?
11) 6) dialog: Nothing in the truck? (They all shake their heads) They stole a fucking empty armored car? (pause) Why the fireworks? (CONTINUED)
11) 10) dialog: Genius... (pause) The SUV? Prints, run the plates, anything?
11) 12) dialog: (motions to Outlaw#3) He dead yet? Murph lightly kicks Outlaw#3. No response. He bends down, checks his pulse. Nothing. He shuts Outlaw#3’s eyes. BIG NICK (CONT’D) Lift prints, see who he rolls with. A Crown Vic pulls up, and 3 MEN step out. Nice new haircu bad suits, freshly shaven. THE FEDS, LA BANK SQUAD. A collective grunt and sigh from our boys.
11) 13) dialog: I can’t deal with this retard factory right now. Can one of you handle it? (They all play dumb, look away ) All right... Witnesses? Donut shop guy? Any video surveillance? Talk to DOT?
11) 15) dialog: Pull it all together, meet at the office. Gus and The Regulators nod, leave the scene as “LOBBIN’ B GOLIGHTLY approaches. Fed, 45, stick up his ass. Not a ha out of place on his head, not a stone left unturned in hi cases. A cowboy’s, like Nick, worst nightmare.
11) 19) dialog: “Lobbin Bob.” How’s that mean tennis game? No response. Nick imitates a forehand swing. Nick looks B up and down, gives him a thumbs up.
11) 20) dialog: That's a really nice suit you got there. Where'd you pick that up?
11) 22) dialog: (motions to his blazer) This piece of shit? Na, this is garbage. Look at you. That thing’s tits. You must pull all kinds of ass sportin’ that. These two are just oil and water.
11) 24) dialog: - what’s up with that? I like you! (lightly hits Bob’s shoulder) Aside from the fact that you’re a Vegetarian -
11) 26) dialog: I’m sorry to hear that... What’re you doing here anyway? No legal tender was stolen. It isn’t federal.
11) 28) dialog: You pausing for dramatic effect?
11) 32) dialog: Can I go now, Dad? I’m kinda hungry. Nick walks into Randy's to buy donuts.
12) 1) dialog: Who’s running this crew? Who’s “The Head”? Nick taps a suspect “photo” tacked to the wall that has n photograph, only THE OUTLINE OF A MAN’S HEAD WITH A BIG QUESTION MARK IN THE MIDDLE -- “The Head”.
12) 2) dialog: Why steal an Armored with nothing in it?
12) 4) dialog: And how did they know about a transfer from a casino to the Fed, and one that wasn’t scheduled through the regular carriers. How?
12) 6) dialog: But where? Brinks carrier? The casino? BofA? The Fed? Fuckin’ donut shop? Who?
12) 8) dialog: Armored cars? And empty ones? Maybe... whoever it is, heists are an addiction. They're thrill bandits, they don’t do it for the money. They do it for the rush. The sound of gunfire. The getaway. All of it... Soon enough, they'll need their fix. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
12) 11) dialog: (to Tony Z) We still got a tail on that FNG his crew was hanging with? That Alison kid? Tony Z nods. Yes, they do. INT. BAR, “THE HOFBRAU” - NIGHT 20 One of those joints you walk into and say, “if you put th in a movie, nobody would believe it existed.” David Lynch peyote couldn’t dream up this place. But here it is... “THE HOFBRAU”. An old Mexican cowboy, contrabandista haun that’s been bought by a German family and is in the proce of being transformed into a biergarten. It’s cavernous, w dark, red-lit booths in the corners. Two mannequins are featured in the foyer, the “man” dressed like a gun-sling Mariachi, the “woman” like a Bavarian St.Pauli girl. And clientele is every bit as eclectic as the decor -- the pl is crawling with OFF-DUTY COPS, parolees, convicts, cholo with Raider jerseys, HIGH-END CROOKS. They come here to k an ear to the street, plot out scores, and get very loade COME IN ON the BARTENDER. IT’S DONNIE, from Merrimen’s cr Whether they be regulars, or here for the second time, th customers marvel at DONNIE’S SAVANT-LIKE ABILITY TO KNOW THEIR ORDER AND THEIR NAME. And he gets it right every ti A Brazilian soccer match plays on a satellite-fed TV, wat by an old drunk, WOLFGANG, languishing at the bar. Wolfga holds up a finger. Donnie serves him a Beck’s, when Wolfg aggressively grabs onto Donnie’s arm:
12) 24) dialog: There always so many cops in here? (CONTINUED)
12) 28) dialog: There’re some shady cats in here. This is the last place I’d think they'd be.
12) 30) dialog: A den of thieves. You must’ve heard some stories in here.
12) 32) dialog: Ain't that the truth. Nick finishes his beer, sets it on the bar, heads out.
12) 34) dialog: Look forward to it. Donnie eyes the big bald dude as he walks out. What was t all about? He grabs Nick’s beer, throws it away.
14) 2) dialog: Fraulein! You're up! (CONTINUED)
14) 6) dialog: In the bathroom. Big Nick and the Blond open a door to another room, exit. Donnie quickly moves for the bathroom. His clothes hang o the tub. Puts them on. A big yellow ring is stained on hi pants. They’re damp still. He cringes. He looks to see if Nick is near. No one. He quickly opens bathroom window. Tries to climb out. BARS. Blocking the w He searches for another way out. Windows over the bed. He pulls back the curtains. BARS AGAIN.
15) 14) dialog: Is your hole sore? (Donnie’s eyes flutter) ..-Well? Is it? Donnie can’t even respond. Big Nick slaps his shoulder. H BIG NICK (CONT’D) I’m just fucking with you, bubba! You pissed in your pants. I had one of the girls clean you up. All good. The Bad Lieutenants cackle. A wave of relief washes over (CONTINUED)
15) 18) dialog: - what were you saying? Honest something? (Got him. Donnie says nothing) We’re not mistaking you for anybody.
15) 20) dialog: Fuckin’ genius. How fast were you going?
15) 23) dialog: What did you say to the cop who pulled you over? What reason did you give?
15) 25) dialog: (points at Donnie) I like him. His pecker’s no bigger than a button on a fur coat, sad to see, but I like him. Me gusta!
15) 30) dialog: - bullshit... Look. Nick rolls up his sleeve, shows Donnie a TAT BLASTED ONTO FOREARM. It’s of a skull with a toothy grimace, and glowi eyes. A bandana is wrapped around the forehead, the word “Regulator” stitched into it. One bony hand clasps a smok revolver, the other a “dead man’s hand” -- ace and an eig BIG NICK (CONT’D) Do you know what this means? It means I am member of a clique.
15) 32) dialog: Sorta. Only we have badges. Which means... (Nick leans forward) You. Are. Done.
15) 34) dialog: Let me ask you this. Do we look like the types who'll arrest you, put on handcuffs? (starts sing-songing the words ) .»--and book you down at the station, and type up paperwork, and build our case, and put on a suit for court... Nick looks to Donnie for conformation. Donnie shakes his head. BIG NICK (CONT’D) No. Exactly. Thank you. We just shoot you. So tell me, what the fuck are you doing in that crew? I mean, look at you dude. Those dudes are bad dudes. Ex military, great thieves, but straight convicts.... What’s Merrimen doing drinking beers with you for? Talk shop? Is he gonna hit the fuckin’ Hofbrau, and you're his inside guy? (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
15) 37) dialog: Take the place down, score like, what, 2 grand in 1s and 5s? Is that what’s afoot? I'll answer that for you. No. It isn’t.
15) 39) dialog: - stop. Just...shut up. Nick shuts his eyes, takes a deep breath, sighs. He’s thinking. BIG NICK (CONT’D) (to Tony Z) Where’s Chaminade? (Tony Z motions to back room) Chaminade! A black hooker saunters in. CHAMINADE -- straight up ho. pumps. Huge, sloppy fake rack. Big hair. Gnarly. BIG NICK (CONT’D) Chaminade. This is our friend Donnie. Donnie, meet Chaminade. Chaminade runs her 5” LONG FINGERNAILS through Donnie’s h Starts to unzip Donnie’s pants, pull them down to his ank
15) 43) dialog: - she’s got a mouth like...velvet. She starts giving Donnie a blow job. She moans as her hea bobs up and down. Donnie cringes, starts gasping.
15) 47) dialog: Just enjoy the ride, bro. She's really going at it now. The woman’s a pro. Suddenly DONNIE SCREAMS. Chaminade has bitten down on him. Her fingernails dig into his skin.
15) 49) dialog: Now listen to me, fuck face. We don’t give a shit about you. But rest assured, she will bite your pecker clean off, because she can’t fuckin’ stand whiteboys, and nothing would make her happier... unless you rat for us, you will be missing an appendage. You decide. Donnie nods over and over. His face is beet red.
15) 50) dialog: You in Merrimen’s crew?
15) 52) dialog: You hit the stadium? (Donnie nods emphatically) You talkie talkie now?
15) 60) dialog: Why'd Merrimen jack an empty armored car?
15) 62) dialog: (golf claps, impressed) That was relatively convincing. Good stuff... When did you meet him? Donnie rubs his eyes. Is this real?
15) 64) dialog: Your freedom, for one. Two... (thinks on how to put it) ...You’re not the bad guys, bro. (directly at Donnie, no bullshit) We are. Donnie gets it. There’s no choice, really.
16) 4) dialog: -..What was his name?
16) 7) dialog: Who's “they”? Bosco writes something down on a napkin, slides it to Don
16) 12) dialog: Where'd you meet him? Merrimen and Donnie converse quietly.
23) 1) dialog: Trading up to what?
23) 3) dialog: People with things to hide never have much to say. Nick just stares at Donnie.
23) 5) dialog: Don’t worry about it. You just keep doing your thing. We’ll see you around. Donnie pauses, unsure, doesn’t understand -
23) 6) dialog: - get the fuck out of here. So Donnie stands, and walks out.
37) 0) text: CLOSE ON a BEET RED FACE -- Big Nick’s. Eyes bulging, che bursting with air, exhaling in spurts. Tony Z spots Nick on a free-weight bench in the office’s makeshift gym. Nick struggles with his last reps.
37) 3) dialog: Bro. You can’t make me laugh mid-set. Just frickin’ spot me next time.
37) 8) dialog: This is good. (motions to Borracho) Grab the book on Merrimen. Borracho pulls out the crime book on Merrimen, sets it on Nick’s desk. Nick flips thru Merrimen’s “timeline”:
37) 9) dialog: Honorably discharged in 2000. Laguna Niguel job was in ‘05. Sent up in ‘06 to USP Victorville SHU. Released from Terminal Island in Feb ‘11. October ‘11 Bicycle Club Casino gets hit. March ‘12 the stadium show. Now Brinks... (Big Nick’s mind races) ...Give me the unsolved book? Borracho pulls out the UNSOLVED OPEN CASES CRIME BOOK wit the question mark “head” on front. Nick looks thru it. BIG NICK (CONT’D) His crimey. The Samoan...Levoux. He served with Merrimen? Tony Z refers to the file on Enson they’re building.
37) 11) dialog: What did they specialize in? (CONTINUED)
37) 16) dialog: And the Peckerwood?
37) 18) dialog: (to Borracho) Run the DOT tape. Borracho plays the “DEPARTMENT OF TRAFFIC: CRENSHAW BLVD BLK” VIDEO from the morning of the Brinks heist. It’s POV from apprx. 75 meters down street. It plays on a WALL MON -- Merrimen and his crew can be seen firing on the cops. BIG NICK (CONT’D) Look the way they move, how they reload. How fast. You don’t learn that in PE. (refers to the unsolved book) Follow me here. By ‘01 they’re both out. In ‘03, we had the City National tunneling job in Hollywood. Sophisticated. Skill set. Someone with access. Unsolved. ‘04, the Dunbar Armored Car depot job. Blew the depot vault with shape charges. Sophisticated. Skill set. Someone with access. Unsolved. ‘05 in Laguna Niquel, the same. Only Merrimen gets unlucky with the tail-light. Goes to prison til ‘11. During that time, how many highly sophisticated, skilled, well executed heists do we have?
37) 20) dialog: The counter guy at the donut shop? Witness to it all. They left him. Why? Because they shoot uniforms, not unarmed civilians. Exactly what they were trained to do... (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
37) 23) dialog: (taps the unsolved crime book) We nail this crew, we solve half these cases... These are our guys. The Crew. The rest aren’t so convinced, but warming up to the idea. BIG NICK (CONT’D) Where’s Fraulein?
38) 3) dialog: You gotta be kidding me?
38) 9) dialog: .-+-guess ah...I’m getting divorced. Tony Z doesn’t know what to say. Neither does Gus.
38) 12) dialog: Cool. All good... Fat from it, but Tony Z and Gus aren’t going to baby the None of them would have it. They get into their cars, drive off. Nick gets into his, fires up the ignition, but doesn’t go anywhere. He sits behind the wheel, engine idling, and stares ahead at nothing... INT. “PACIFIC HORIZON FREIGHT” 3PL WAREHOUSE - DAY 54 The whole crew is here, surrounding POWER GRID SCHEMATICS Written on the lower left corner of the schematics--"1200 Street. The Federal Reserve Bank, Los Angeles Branch."
49) 4) dialog: Delivering Chinese to the Fed? My left nut that’s part of his route. They’re casing it from the inside. Go back. Besides cash, what else did they lift from the Casino and rave?
49) 6) dialog: - or, not. Maybe they took the cash to disguise the fact that they were really there for something else. Then they take down an armored car that’s empty?! Come on. Remember what Donnie said. “They're trading up.” They’re going big.
49) 8) dialog: The Fed is the Olympics, and Merrimen’s fuckin’ Carl Lewis. I’m telling you... Fraulein’s holding out on us. He knows.
50) 0) text: Merrimen, Enson, Bosco, Donnie, and Mack, sit at one of t teppanyaki tables hunched over Kirins and steak. None of pay much attention to the TEPPANYAKI CHEF’S routine. Holl and some of her GIRLFRIENDS from Chatsworth are there, engaged in their own conversation. Something catches Donnie’s eye. He looks past Merrimen, a almost has a seizure. BIG NICK AND THE REGULATORS WALK IN SIT AT THE SUSHI BAR. Donnie tenses. Drunk SUSHI CHEFS carry-on behind the bar, hollering Japanese obscenities at women who saunter by, play it off charm. Big Nick gets up, WALKS RIGHT PAST THEIR TABLE. Donnie do his best not to be noticed. Everyone eats quietly. Nick walks back by, sits. Merrimen takes note of the big with the goatee. Donnie shifts, when a VOICE calls to him (CONTINUED)
50) 3) dialog: Hey, buddy. Donnie reluctantly looks. Big Nick is staring right at hi BIG NICK (CONT’D) Donnie, right? Merrimen and the others bristle. Big Nick walks over, rea to shake Donnie’s hand. Really? BIG NICK (CONT’D) From the gym. I spotted you the other day. Donnie’s shakes his hand, feigns ignorance.
50) 5) dialog: (nods to the others) What’s up fellas? (points to Merrimen) You play football at Long Beach Poly? You look familiar. He did, but Merrimen shakes his head.
50) 7) dialog: (to Donnie) What’re you doing here? Work near here?
50) 9) dialog: Really? Food here sucks. Donnie doesn’t know how to respond. Nick checks out the girls. HE AND HOLLY’S EYES MEET. He gives her a thorough undressing. It’s not lost on Merrimen. BIG NICK (CONT’D) We come here for the ass. Pause. Merrimen’s doing everything he can to keep it cool The situation could not be more uncomfortable. Donnie tri to bring an end to it. (CONTINUED)
50) 13) dialog: Definitely. Nick hovers for a second, then finally shoves off. But he can’t help himself. He turns back to Merrimen. BIG NICK (CONT’D) Number 55. That’s how I remember you. We wore the same number, bro. 55, right? Merrimen looks up at Nick for the first time. Just stares him. Says nothing. But his eyes say everything. BIG NICK (CONT’D) I went to South Torrance. We played you twice. Remember all those fat-ass Samoans you had? They’re big, but man, lazy motherfuckers. Slow-twitch muscle fibers. No explosiveness. All that Spam, I guess... We crushed you guys. Enson simmers. The tension is becoming unbearable. The Co look over. Nick’s pushing it too far. Merrimen stands.
50) 15) dialog: Hey, no need to get all agro. I’m sorry. Am I being rude? (to Donnie) Was I rude?
50) 17) dialog: Kunpai! (looks to Holly) Have a good night, ladies. Nick takes his seat at the sushi bar. No one knows what to say or do. Instead, they all just ea Merrimen broods. He and Enson share a look, speak unspoke words. Merrimen’s eyes drift to Donnie, who sits hunched his food, and burn into the back of his head. 72 Den of Thieves February 6, 2016 Draft 67. INT. MERRIMEN’S SUBURBAN, SOUTH BAY - NIGHT 72 Merrimen drives. Donnie rides shotgun. Enson in back righ behind Donnie. They drive through vast South Bay industri streets in silence, past refineries and defense contracto Donnie stares straight ahead, battling cold waves of fear Finally turns to Merrimen.
53) 3) dialog: Peanut, give me a hug! She runs to him, grabs onto his leg:
53) 5) dialog: What’s for dinner? (no response) ...relax! I already ate. Nick reaches into his blazer, pulls out rolled up paperwo from the small of his back. The divorce docs. Everyone’s widen when they realize Nick is packing his Glock. Nick goes to their table, drops the docs down, looks to R BIG NICK (CONT’D) You gotta pen, stud? Ruud reluctantly stands, does his best Kofi Annan:
53) 7) dialog: Just get me a pen. Ruud swallows, grows nervous, goes to find a pen. Nick lo to Debbie’s Date. (CONTINUED)
53) 10) dialog: How’s the wine? Date’s lips contort and tremble as he tries to speak, can Date starts to back away from the table. Nick holds his h up and shakes his head. Uh-uh. Date freezes, not going anywhere. Ruud hands Nick a pen. Nick flips thru the docs, starts arbitrarily signing pages.
53) 11) dialog: So where do I sign, anywhere I guess, right? (he keeps signing pages) And I imagine it’s assumed that, you know. (eyeballs Date) ...if you were to ever touch my girls, or say, talk to them? Or even look at them? That ah...you know. I go boom boom. Know what I’m saying? But that’s self evident, right? No reason to have that in writing. Nick finishes signing the docs. Turns to Date, who looks he’s about to cry, and punches him in the shoulder. BIG NICK (CONT’D) It’s all good buddy! Come here, give me a hug. We’1l save a fortune in therapy. Nick hugs the Date, all smiles. Sandee looks to her husba Ruud, her eyes demanding he do something. While Debbie’s shock and trepidation have simply turned to disgust.
53) 13) dialog: Pretty much, yeah. Ruud finally grows a pair, steps to Nick.
53) 15) dialog: - Call the cops. Nick glares at him, defiant. Ruud holds his ground this t
53) 19) dialog: When you're hittin’ it from behind, and you're wondering what that thing is on her ass? That’s a tattoo. Of my name. Just a heads up. Satisfied at last, Nick leaves. INT. ENSON’S HOUSE - DAY 76 Malia finishes touching up Maloa’s make up. Maloa wears h prom dress, about to burst with anticipation. Her sibling run around the house, excitement in the air. Except for d Enson paces in the living room like a caged animal. A limo pulls up outside. Rolando gets out, struts up to t house. He’s rocking a Beckham-esque mohawk, and a rented tux with old school Air Jordans. Siblings scream out, “he here!” STAY ON ENSON -- pacing. Maloa and her mom greet Rolando the door. They exchange greetings and giggle nervously. Rolando looks Maloa up and down, and whistles.
54) 1) dialog: Why’s Fraulein’s file so thin? Gus works at his desk, tired and hungry.
54) 3) dialog: Merrimen’s cellie at TI was Willy Lump Lump.
54) 5) dialog: Because we're not very good at our job. Gus frowns. Nick brings MERRIMEN’S MUGSHOT up on his comp screen. Merrimen’s eyes stare right at Nick. Piercing, intense, direct. Not an ounce of bullshit in those eyes. a ton of menace. Nick meets Merrimen’s gaze, and stares b
55) 4) dialog: Tranquillo. They’re not gonna off you when they know there’s heat...When’s the party?
55) 6) dialog: Where?
55) 8) dialog: 
55) 11) dialog: Fraulein, don’t worry about a thing. Donnie scoffs, gets out, shuts the door. Looks back.
56) 0) text: Merrimen walks past the complex pool, approaches an apartment. He carries a Samsonite suitcase. Unlocks the door, enters. INT. HOLLY’S APARTMENT - DAY 83 Moment Merrimen walks in, A WOMAN GASPS. He braces himsel rounds into the living room. Freezes. Holly's there, naked on the couch. She darts into a bedro And standing in the middle of the room in all his glory, Big Nick. He’s shirtless, pulls on his jeans. Porn plays mute on the TV. Nick and Merrimen just stand there, staring at each other Nicks’s eyes go to his GUN, resting on the couch 15 feet away. Merrimen follows his gaze, sees it. He’s closer to gun. And Nick knows it. Their eyes meet again. Nick raises his eyebrows, motions Merrimen to go for it. He doesn’t. Merrimen walks past th couch, past Nick, and into the bedroom. Then shuts the do Nick stands there. Tries to listen in on them. Can’t hear anything. He pulls his clothes on, grabs his gun, and lea INT. HOLLY’S BEDROOM - DAY 84 Holly pulls on underwear. Merrimen watches, then steps to her, threat in his aspect. Corners her. She cowers.
56) 4) dialog: (into cell) B of A, Montebello Towne Center. Nick hangs up, then realizes something. He touches his wr where his watch usually is. All there now, is it’s tan-li
56) 5) dialog: Shit. INT. HOLLY’S APARTMENT - NIGHT 86 Merrimen sits in a Lazy-boy in front of the TV, brooding. talks quietly to himself while cleaning his various firea which rest in pieces at his feet. He can’t shake the subt faint ticking sound in his head. Eventually, his eyes drift to the empty couch, and the er WATCH that rests there. Merrimen glares at it, unblinking The ticking grows louder. INT. DONNIE’S APARTMENT - DAWN 87 ECU of a digital watch. 5:14 am. A beeping alarm sounds. finger comes into frame, shuts it off. Donnie gets up, already dressed. His apartment has been stripped clean, packed up. He goes to the large window, o it. Sounds of the city drift in. He looks at something. A blocks down the street, is... THE FEDERAL RESERVE BANK. Beyond it, dawn’s first light gives form to downtown's skyline. INT. ENSON’S HOUSE - DAWN 88 Enson cooks eggs and sausage links for his kids, amidst t wonderful chaos of family getting ready for the day. Malo comes in late, rushed, makes herself toast.
63) 4) dialog: (to Tony Z) Call in, tell them we are on scene, have suspects under surveillance, and to back the fuck off!!!
66) 2) dialog: What the hell you doing?!
66) 4) dialog: No! We were first on scene, relax!
66) 6) dialog: You heard the demands, you stupid motherfucker! You put a fucking negotiator on?!!! The two sides are about to brawl. BIG NICK (CONT’D) Fuckin’ jarheads. Nice haircuts -
67) 13) dialog: What’s the prefix here?
67) 17) dialog: ...yep... How the hell you gonna get out of this one? ON MERRIMEN -- staring through the blinds at Nick, distan visible through the traffic down the street. (CONTINUED)
67) 21) dialog: (over cell) .«..you get my number from her cell? Merrimen plays it very cool. Just watches Nick. ON BIG NICK -- staring at the bank, and his enemy.
67) 23) dialog: That’s all right. I didn’t bring my cuffs anyway... Long pause on the other end. Nick’s eyes are locked onto bank. Then:
67) 26) dialog: Yup. IN THE VAULT -- Enson and Bosco feverishly prep the shape charge. Merrimen enters, checks his watch. 2:14. CAMERA FLOATS back into the bank, past the bound and gagg hostages, into the BATHROOM, where the Latina lies. No bl anywhere. COME IN TIGHT ON HER -- her breaths can be seen against the flour sack. SHE’S ALIVE. AT THE LAPD SQUAD CAR -- Suddenly a thunderous THUMP ratt the street. The GROUND SHAKES BENEATH THEIR FEET. Telepho poles sway. CAR ALARMS go off.
67) 30) dialog: What’s this here?
67) 32) dialog: ...they didn’t blow a safe. He looks to Tony Z, Gus, Borracho. They don’t disagree. Something here is very, very off. Nick turns to Lobbin’ B
67) 33) dialog: Where are you with Parker?!
67) 35) dialog: - to hell with clearance! We gotta move!
68) 0) text: Nick enters. Looks down, and sees it -- THE GAPING HOLE B IN THE FLOOR. A SEWER-LINE is barely visible below. ON THE REGULATORS AND LAPD -- breaching into the bank, weapons drawn. IN THE VAULT -- LAPD enters. NO SIGN OF ANYONE. LAPD Cop shines his flashlight into the gaping hole. And there stands Big Nick. Down below in the sewer. He looks
68) 1) dialog: Got a flashlight?
70) 0) text: Big Nick stands at a sewer “intersection”, part of the endless SUBTERRANEAN LABYRINTH beneath our city streets. shines the flashlight down the various routes. 40 meters behind, LAPD and SWAT inspect the hole left in the vault. Tony Z and Gus approach Nick. Both realize, the suspects long gone. Which direction they fled is a pure guessing g
70) 5) dialog: You know what this whole thing is? .--It’s a decoy... It’s a fucking decoy. They all look to one another, come to the same conclusion
73) 3) dialog: Desperately... (shoulder taps Bob as he blows past) My bad last time. Your crime scene. Nick salutes Bob with a solidarity fist pump. Bob holds h hands up in surrender, unsure where the hell Nick is goin Nick, Tony Z, and Gus mount their vehicle, leave the scen
81) 0) text: Big Nick tears through city streets. Gus white-knuckles i while riding shotgun. Tony Z in back. Nick keys the radio (CONTINUED)
81) 3) dialog: (into radio) We'll take north south streets, Fig and Grand. You take east west, 6th and 8th.
108) 3) dialog: 
108) 8) dialog: (into radio) Pacific Auto Scrap and Salvage. Alameda Corridor, South Gate... ON MERRIMEN -- Nextel suddenly crackles in Merrimen’s ear
109) 1) dialog: (over radio) .+.suspects there now. We’re 5 minutes out. Borracho pulls it up on their GPS. Murph keys their siren They slice through and past traffic. EXT. “PACIFIC AUTO SCRAP & SALVAGE”, SOUTH GATE - DAY 149 Frantic, focused activity as the Orange Truck is wiped do striped of any incriminating evidence. Enson throws all o the Brinks gear in a BARREL. Pours lighter fluid all over clothes, LIGHTS THE BARREL AFLAME. Bosco engages the dump-truck’s controls. The rear of the truck rises and opens, ALL OF ITS CONTENTS SPILLING OUT.
112) 0) text: ON BIG NICK -- eyes locked on the Suburban ahead. Their visual is occasionally blocked by Semis. Gus and Tony Z tighten their vests, check their mags, flip safety off. (CONTINUED)
112) 3) dialog: (into radio) Be advised, they’re wearing full body armor. No center mass shots. Aim for limbs and vitals only.
115) 0) text: CAMERA PUSHES LOW AND STEADY thru the traffic toward the Suburban. ONE BY ONE, NICK AND THE COPS MOVE INTO FRAME, crouched low, using the vehicles as cover. They signal on another, spread out into different lanes, approach the Suburban. ON MERRIMEN -- a break in the traffic. Vehicles ahead beg to slowly, painfully move. Merrimen urges them on. ON BIG NICK -- eyes wide as he closes in. He signals to motorists as he passes them, quietly orders them to:
115) 1) dialog: Stay down, down!! Behind your engines! ON BORRACHO -- coming at the Suburban from it’s 4 o-clock Sees the break in traffic ahead, quickens his pace. Motio for citizens to “Stay Down!” He brings up his carbine, aims sights at the Suburban’s passenger door, when the door bursts open.
116) 1) dialog: (to Gus) Flank’em flank’em!
116) 24) dialog: .+-yeah you did. Tony Z comes over, looks down at Merrimen, motions to his
117) 0) text: The crime scene has been cordoned off, the traffic moved A sheet covers Borracho’s body. ON BIG NICK -- opens his truck’s door, tosses his gear inside, then freezes. A PAIR OF HAND-CUFFS DANGLE FROM TH DOOR HANDLE, with no one attached to them. DONNIE IS GONE. Nick spins, searches the area. Donnie’s nowhere to be see
117) 1) dialog: What?!!!
118) 2) dialog: Do those. Tony Z does the same, tearing apart the other bricks. One one, THE MONEY BRICKS BREAK APART INTO THOUSANDS OF TINY
120) 1) dialog: Donnie around?
120) 3) dialog: You haven't seen him anywhere?
120) 8) dialog: Very much so. Beer. You pick. Ziggy pours the beer. Nick takes a long sip. His eyes wan over behind the bar. To the little SIGN that reads, “Loos lips sink ships.” Nick stares at it for a second. Then his eyes move over to the PHOTO OF THE SOCCER TEAM, “HOFBRAU” emblazoned on the players’ jerseys. Nick notice something. One of the players on the team, IS DONNIE. Nic looks closer. Next to Donnie is someone else who looks familiar. Nick squints his eyes. IT’S BOSCO, THE GOALIE. Next to Bosco is a black guy. MACK. ALL ON THE SAME TEAM. A SOUND to his left. LAUGHTER. Nick looks. Four people en TWO ARE LUIGI AND JUNIOR. They all wear their ID TAGS on their shirts. As they pass by him, Nick gets a closer loo The tags read, “FEDERAL RESERVE BANK, LOS ANGELES BRANCH. Nick looks around the bar -- uniformed men sit in one cor The PATCHES on their uniforms read, “Secret Service. Fede Reserve Bank.” One of them is JACKSON. In another corner, more ID tags. CAM, JOHNNY, others. Laughing, drinking, relaxing after work. At the end of th bar -- BRINKS ARMED GUARDS, and AL, the Brinks secretary. Then it hits him -- EVERYBODY IN THIS BAR WORKS AT THE FE Nick’s eyes go to a PLACARD with DONNIE’S PHOTO on it. Be his photo are the words, “Employee of the year: 2010, 201 COME IN ON NICK'S DUMBSTRUCK FACE. QUICK CUTS OF NICK’S FLASHBACK POV --— * Donnie, behind the bar, serving Nick a drink.
123) 3) dialog: Fraulein...