9) 4) dialog: Can’t do what?
9) 6) dialog: You erase your recent calls? Nick starts to get nervous, scrambles.
9) 8) dialog: “I don’t know how to work this fucking thing." Nick slumps back, sighs deeply, playing the victim.
9) 12) dialog: -where you been? It’s 6am. (makes quotes with her fingers) “Work”? A surveillance? Robbing drug dealers? You smell like a stripper. Nick throws his hands up, at a loss.
9) 14) dialog: Oh really? “That was SO hot"? Nick sees the text he sent. To his wife. At 5am. Whoops. doesn’t respond. He shifts, now crawling out of his skin, can’t come up with a story fast enough. DEBBIE (CONT’D) You used to have such tight game... Debbie shakes her head in disgust. Tears pool in her eyes
9) 15) dialog: Feel so sorry for you. You pathetic, dope fiend whore. Debbie walks off in tears, disappears into the bedrooms. buries his face in his hands, rubs his temples. Take a de long, stressed breath. Shakes his head at himself. He notices 2 PACKED SUITCASES by the front door. Hears commotion in the bedrooms. His kids’ voices. Debbie is wa them up.
9) 17) dialog: ...it’s OK honey, we’re going to Auntie’s house. Daddy has to do some work to the house and it’1l be too loud for you guys. (CONTINUED)
9) 22) dialog: Daddy doesn’t have time for us right now.
9) 27) dialog: Oh that’s nice, drop f-bombs in front of my daughters. Good fathering. (CONTINUED)
9) 31) dialog: - gonna find me a man whose cock actually gets hard. Nick snaps an internal gasket. His face turns so red, it’ almost blue. But somehow, he keeps a lid on it. Debbie grabs her bags, rushes back to the car. Nick paces circles. He goes to his wife just before she gets into th car, reaches for her, pleading with her:
9) 33) dialog: You motherfucker!!! STAY AWAY FROM ME!!!
10) 0) text: Nick plops down on the couch. He feels the fresh scratche and welts on his face, pulls out his cell phone, checks t now infamous text. His eyes slowly look around at his kid toys, at the photo on the wall of he and Debbie all dolle on some beach in the islands. And his body goes numb. Nick sits there like that, alone, for a long, painful mom Then his cell vibrates. And vibrates. Finally, he checks Squints his eyes at the number. Answers.
52) 0) text: Nick drives slowly past the upscale homes of Rolling Hill Estates, searching for something. Spots DEBBIE’S CAR park in front of a Mediterranean McMansion, along with a few others. Landscape lighting is on. Looks like a party is underway. Nick parks a ways down the block, eyeballs the house. Get out, walks toward it. He’s pretty buzzed. Slight chance a neighbor will call the cops on him. This is not his hood.
53) 12) dialog: Always such a spectacle with you.