10) 16) dialog: You're not lookin’ so hot there, bubba. Nick lifts his sunglasses. They see his banged up face.
10) 19) dialog: Better start downing the Kombucha and pom- juice, big man, we gotta piss test Friday.
10) 26) dialog: Tried. Not gonna get a goddamn thing. He might bleed out in another minute or two. Nick bends down to get a closer look of him.
11) 2) dialog: (motions to the 2 downed Gardena PD across the street) Cut through their vests like butter.
11) 11) dialog: It’s a cold car. VIN and registration tags are scratched off. License plate is registered to no one. No prints. Nothing.
11) 14) dialog: Not much, but we’ll get it.
12) 5) dialog: Inside. Has to be.
15) 1) dialog: Look what the cat dragged in. Whassup gangsta?! Have a seat. Donnie hesitates. Gus pulls out a chair for him.
15) 2) dialog: Kick it with us, nigga. Welcome. (CONTINUED)
15) 19) dialog: So you did a stint at County for attempted manslaughter -- fastest speeding ticket in California history. Nice.
15) 26) dialog: You a two striker, hot rod, which puts you in a very awkward position. Does it not? You a mistake away from getting sex in the ass every time you shower. And some of them niggas got gaspumps. Now personally speaking, that just don’t sound like that much fun. I don’t know, you tell me. (CONTINUED)
15) 33) dialog: He ain’t lying.
24) 0) text: Donnie looks around. By the looks of the denizens lurking around this joint, he’s deep in the ‘hood somewhere. He heads out onto the street, spots Tony Z and Gus sharin laugh with Chaminade by her car. Only now, Chaminade is n longer Chaminade. CHAMINADE IS A COP. She pulls the “toothless” mouthpiece out of her mouth, th bitches and moans at her colleagues.
37) 7) dialog: Name’s Marshall Rhodes. Gun nut from Oakland. CDC Gang Unit validated him as an associate of The Brand. ATF was looking for him, trying to get him on some inter-state gun trafficking technicality. But more to the point, was stationed at 29 Palms from ‘88 to ‘92. Same time Merrimen was there.
38) 0) text: Nick, Tony Z and Gus hustle out to their cars, when a man a suit approaches Nick. Nick eyes him warily, doesn’t recognize him. His hand starts reaching for his weapon.
38) 11) dialog: Handle your business, big dog, we got you covered. Nick nods, lets them go.
42) 6) dialog: I feel you, brother. Enson turns. It’s Gus. With his wife and kids, all dresse Sunday’s best. They don’t know each other. But they do.
42) 7) dialog: (motions to the departed suv) That's trouble right there. Gotta keep an eye out for that one. Enson nods, checks Gus out. Plays it cool.
49) 0) text: Nick, Gus, Borracho, Murph and Tony Z pow-wow.
49) 1) dialog: .-..what if it’s part of his regular route? Feds gotta eat too. (CONTINUED)
54) 2) dialog: We can’t find a damn thing on him. Nick furrows his brow. Forages through Merrimen’s Cali De of Corrections file, discovers that Merrimen’s cellie at Terminal Island was none other than WILLIAM “Willy Lump L PUMP, the most prolific bank robber in the history of the state.
54) 4) dialog: No shit? (Nick nods “no shit”) How did we miss that?!
59) 0) text: Nick walks in, is immediately met with the sounds of cops prepping for battle. Tony Z, Gus, Borracho, and Murph pul ballistic vests, function check shotguns and carbines, lo Sig P226s. No one says much. They all focus, do their bes keep the pucker-factor at a minimum. Because all know, instinctively, two tribes are going to war. Tony Z picks up his Benelli 12-gauge, Glock-17. Looks Nic over, knows all is not well. And they can’t afford that today.
67) 37) dialog: Gotta be shitting me.
70) 0) text: Big Nick stands at a sewer “intersection”, part of the endless SUBTERRANEAN LABYRINTH beneath our city streets. shines the flashlight down the various routes. 40 meters behind, LAPD and SWAT inspect the hole left in the vault. Tony Z and Gus approach Nick. Both realize, the suspects long gone. Which direction they fled is a pure guessing g
70) 4) dialog: Where doesn’t it? Nick turns to face them, a wry look on his face.
81) 0) text: Big Nick tears through city streets. Gus white-knuckles i while riding shotgun. Tony Z in back. Nick keys the radio (CONTINUED)
99) 0) text: Donnie approaches the EXIT MAN-TRAP. The man-trap opens. Donnie enters, waves nicely to the SECRET SERVICE GUARD o front. Looks at the red light, waits for it to turn green ON THE SECRET SERVICE GUARD -- checking the SIGN-IN SHEET DOESN'T SEE DONNIE’S NAME. Furrows his brow. ON DORIS and SHARON-- digging into the food, taking famis bites. Sharon stops chewing. Spits the food out into a napkin. Looks up at Doris in disgust. Doris shrugs:
103) 0) text: ON NICK, GUS and TONY Z -- desperately searching the down streets for their suspects. Gus and Tony Z share a look.
112) 0) text: ON BIG NICK -- eyes locked on the Suburban ahead. Their visual is occasionally blocked by Semis. Gus and Tony Z tighten their vests, check their mags, flip safety off. (CONTINUED)
116) 0) text: ON MERRIMEN and ENSON -- last men standing. They continue bound and peel, laying down steady fire while in constant motion, putting on a tactical clinic. With the cops takin cover, MERRIMEN AND ENSON RETREAT, SPRINT INTO THE NEIGHBORHOOD. ON NICK, TONY Z, and GUS -- hearing the lull in fire, the take off in pursuit, reload while they run. Fan out to ei side of the street, using cars, anything as cover.
116) 2) dialog: HUSTLING AND HURDLING WALLS AND FENCES in an effort to pa the enemy, catch them unaware on their blind side. ON MERRIMEN, ENSON -- taking cover behind a vehicle, opening fire on Nick, tearing the street to shreds. Merrimen runs dry.
116) 9) dialog: 
116) 12) dialog: (shakes his head) I told you to drop it, my brother - Enson squeezes Gus’ arm harder yet, the last of his stren
116) 13) dialog: (into radio) I have a suspect with several gunshot wounds, need an ambulance on the corner of MacFarland, and East C street!
116) 15) dialog: I know. It’s ok. You’re in His hands now. Enson’s eyes fill with raw fear. His breaths begin to ras
116) 17) dialog: It’s ok. You’re in His hands... (CONTINUED)