18) 3) dialog: You look great, baby. They both know he looks like shit. He’s hesitant, distant uncomfortable. But he manages a smile.
19) 0) text: Holly drives. Merrimen rides along, staring out the windo the passing cars, streets, people, a mixture of fascinati and fear in his eyes. Holly's iPhone vibrates, startling him. He looks at the device suspiciously.
19) 2) dialog: Yeah. My cell-phone. She holds it up for him to see. He nods, looks back out t window. Squints his eyes again.
19) 6) dialog: I'm sorry, baby, I forgot. Take mine. (he takes hers, puts them on) ..-Want me to turn on some music?
54) 0) text: Nick sits alone at his desk, his eyes gaunt and hollow, studying “MERRIMEN’S CREW” CRIME BOOK, comparing it with “Unsolved?” crime book. Looks over CRIME SCENE PHOTOS of “City National Hollywood ‘03” tunneling job, the “Dunbar Armored Depot ‘04” vault shape-charge job, etc... He studies DONNIE’S FILE. It’s woefully thin -- copies of IMSA racing license, now infamous moving violations, and SMALL ARTICLE from the Ventura County Star newspaper detailing local kid Donnie Alison taking second at the 19 National Spelling Bee competition. A QUOTE from the artic claims Donnie has a “near photographic memory."
56) 0) text: Merrimen walks past the complex pool, approaches an apartment. He carries a Samsonite suitcase. Unlocks the door, enters. INT. HOLLY’S APARTMENT - DAY 83 Moment Merrimen walks in, A WOMAN GASPS. He braces himsel rounds into the living room. Freezes. Holly's there, naked on the couch. She darts into a bedro And standing in the middle of the room in all his glory, Big Nick. He’s shirtless, pulls on his jeans. Porn plays mute on the TV. Nick and Merrimen just stand there, staring at each other Nicks’s eyes go to his GUN, resting on the couch 15 feet away. Merrimen follows his gaze, sees it. He’s closer to gun. And Nick knows it. Their eyes meet again. Nick raises his eyebrows, motions Merrimen to go for it. He doesn’t. Merrimen walks past th couch, past Nick, and into the bedroom. Then shuts the do Nick stands there. Tries to listen in on them. Can’t hear anything. He pulls his clothes on, grabs his gun, and lea INT. HOLLY’S BEDROOM - DAY 84 Holly pulls on underwear. Merrimen watches, then steps to her, threat in his aspect. Corners her. She cowers.
56) 1) dialog: But I did what you told me.
56) 3) dialog: Baby, please... Disgust and jealousy course through him. He fights the ur forces himself to turn away from her. 85 86 87 88 Den of Thieves February 6, 2016 Draft 78. INT. NICK’S TRUCK - NIGHT 85 Nick drives, a gloating grin plastered on his face. He di his cell. The other end picks up: