10) 14) dialog: (Murph shakes his head) Rough night?
10) 31) dialog: - It’s under control, son. Murph subtly blocks the EMT’s way.
11) 5) dialog: They were en route to a BofA pick up for a Fed drop...There was nothing in the truck.
15) 0) text: Donnie peeks his head in the seedy motel living room. His eyes widen slightly. The Regulators. All of them. Engaged in activities unbeco of an officer -- drinking, smoking, and whatever else. Gu Tony Z, and Borracho are counting money. Murph cracks ope and inspects what looks to be a brick of coke. A few gold plated handguns are piled on the table. Looks like they robbed a drug dealer. What Donnie finds particularly interesting is the fact that they all have BADGES hanging from their necks. A Barry White groove drifts in from another room. From wh a few TRICKS come and go.
15) 5) dialog: How’s your head, Chief?
15) 7) dialog: - you want a blow job?
15) 9) dialog: You gay?
15) 11) dialog: Then why not? Donnie gets a glimpse outside. Sees a parking lot and neo signs. He’s in a motel. That much he knows.
15) 58) dialog: She’s great. “Take home to mom” type. Nick taps his fingers on the table. Glares at Donnie.
49) 0) text: Nick, Gus, Borracho, Murph and Tony Z pow-wow.
49) 7) dialog: Nick. You can’t take down the Fed. Sorry. Merrimen’s no dummy. It’s impossible.
59) 0) text: Nick walks in, is immediately met with the sounds of cops prepping for battle. Tony Z, Gus, Borracho, and Murph pul ballistic vests, function check shotguns and carbines, lo Sig P226s. No one says much. They all focus, do their bes keep the pucker-factor at a minimum. Because all know, instinctively, two tribes are going to war. Tony Z picks up his Benelli 12-gauge, Glock-17. Looks Nic over, knows all is not well. And they can’t afford that today.
82) 0) text: Murph drives, haul’s ass. Borracho rides shotgun, on the radio:
109) 0) text: Murph and Borracho listen to Nick’s lead over radio:
113) 0) text: Murph edges the car into the far right emergency lane, overtakes a chunk of traffic. Gets a visual on the Suburb