10) 12) dialog: You mean the guy with the black body armor, machine-gun and gas mask?
10) 17) dialog: I think he looks amazing.
10) 29) dialog: He’s gone, buddy. We got it here.
12) 3) dialog: Bad tip. They botched it.
12) 7) dialog: Merrimen.
15) 0) text: Donnie peeks his head in the seedy motel living room. His eyes widen slightly. The Regulators. All of them. Engaged in activities unbeco of an officer -- drinking, smoking, and whatever else. Gu Tony Z, and Borracho are counting money. Murph cracks ope and inspects what looks to be a brick of coke. A few gold plated handguns are piled on the table. Looks like they robbed a drug dealer. What Donnie finds particularly interesting is the fact that they all have BADGES hanging from their necks. A Barry White groove drifts in from another room. From wh a few TRICKS come and go.
15) 31) dialog: Sorta like a gang.
24) 0) text: Donnie looks around. By the looks of the denizens lurking around this joint, he’s deep in the ‘hood somewhere. He heads out onto the street, spots Tony Z and Gus sharin laugh with Chaminade by her car. Only now, Chaminade is n longer Chaminade. CHAMINADE IS A COP. She pulls the “toothless” mouthpiece out of her mouth, th bitches and moans at her colleagues.
24) 4) dialog: Come on hon, you’re a trooper!
37) 0) text: CLOSE ON a BEET RED FACE -- Big Nick’s. Eyes bulging, che bursting with air, exhaling in spurts. Tony Z spots Nick on a free-weight bench in the office’s makeshift gym. Nick struggles with his last reps.
37) 1) dialog: Big chest, bro, come on! Power. Power! Get pissed! Come on! Get pissed! Nick’s arms shake, gives everything to squeeze out the re
37) 2) dialog: One more you crush strangé pussy tonight. Come on! You’re an animal. Nick busts up laughing. The bar collapses down on him. Practically crushes his sternum. Tony Z pulls up the bar.
37) 10) dialog: In the same company. Both “FAST” Marines. Security, Close Quartered Battle Unit. Saw combat in Kosovo. Levoux also had EOD training. Got this all from the HR desk at 29 Palms.
37) 15) dialog: (reading thru their files) Merrimen.... Soldiering. CQB. Levoux... EOD. Explosives.
37) 17) dialog: (reads Bosco’s file) Was Army, Corps of Engineers. And a comm guy. Impressive career, but didn’t serve together. Was the wood rep at Victorville when Merrimen was there. I’m sure that’s where they hooked up.
38) 0) text: Nick, Tony Z and Gus hustle out to their cars, when a man a suit approaches Nick. Nick eyes him warily, doesn’t recognize him. His hand starts reaching for his weapon.
38) 7) dialog: The hell was that? Nick vapor locks. Has never been so humiliated.
38) 8) dialog: You ok, brother? Nick swallows, tries to mask it, but he’s choked up.
38) 10) dialog: I had no idea...Shit. I’m sorry. Gus looks to Tony Z, motions to give Nick his space.
49) 0) text: Nick, Gus, Borracho, Murph and Tony Z pow-wow.
49) 9) dialog: ...then let’s stir things up.
59) 0) text: Nick walks in, is immediately met with the sounds of cops prepping for battle. Tony Z, Gus, Borracho, and Murph pul ballistic vests, function check shotguns and carbines, lo Sig P226s. No one says much. They all focus, do their bes keep the pucker-factor at a minimum. Because all know, instinctively, two tribes are going to war. Tony Z picks up his Benelli 12-gauge, Glock-17. Looks Nic over, knows all is not well. And they can’t afford that today.
59) 1) dialog: You good? Nick meets Tony’s gaze. After a moment, Nick hardens, the nods. He’s good. Satisfied, Tony heads for the trucks.
61) 0) text: NICK’S POV -- of the same scene. He’s parked across the street from the bank, watching calmly. Tony Z is shotgun.
63) 3) dialog: (into radio) The call’s into LAPD. SIRENS can be heard racing toward the scene. Nick can’t believe what he’s hearing.
66) 7) dialog: Fuck you! Fuck you! (CONTINUED)
67) 14) dialog: 
67) 25) dialog: Was that who I think it was?
67) 31) dialog: An old sewer line. But see here... (points to the schematic) Looks like it might’ve been cemented off. Nick’s eyes wander, stop on something 50 feet from him. A HOLE. In the middle of the street. COME IN on the man-hol ON BIG NICK -- eyes on the manhole... Realization sets in
70) 0) text: Big Nick stands at a sewer “intersection”, part of the endless SUBTERRANEAN LABYRINTH beneath our city streets. shines the flashlight down the various routes. 40 meters behind, LAPD and SWAT inspect the hole left in the vault. Tony Z and Gus approach Nick. Both realize, the suspects long gone. Which direction they fled is a pure guessing g
70) 1) dialog: Christ... Where does it all lead to? (CONTINUED)
70) 6) dialog: ...The Fed.
81) 0) text: Big Nick tears through city streets. Gus white-knuckles i while riding shotgun. Tony Z in back. Nick keys the radio (CONTINUED)
103) 0) text: ON NICK, GUS and TONY Z -- desperately searching the down streets for their suspects. Gus and Tony Z share a look.
108) 0) text: Tony Z roughs Donnie up in back. Nick looks at their captive. (CONTINUED)
108) 5) dialog: Game's up, that’s it.
112) 0) text: ON BIG NICK -- eyes locked on the Suburban ahead. Their visual is occasionally blocked by Semis. Gus and Tony Z tighten their vests, check their mags, flip safety off. (CONTINUED)
116) 0) text: ON MERRIMEN and ENSON -- last men standing. They continue bound and peel, laying down steady fire while in constant motion, putting on a tactical clinic. With the cops takin cover, MERRIMEN AND ENSON RETREAT, SPRINT INTO THE NEIGHBORHOOD. ON NICK, TONY Z, and GUS -- hearing the lull in fire, the take off in pursuit, reload while they run. Fan out to ei side of the street, using cars, anything as cover.
116) 25) dialog: No mag. Dead man’s gun...He was empty. Nick picks up Merrimen’s weapon, checks the chamber. Inde it is. He and Tony share a knowing look. Suicide by cop.
118) 7) dialog: You gonna call Borracho’s wife? (Nick sighs deeply, nods) .--all right. I’m going home. Nick leans against the Suburban, exhausted, and rubs his temples. Tony Z leaves. Nick watches as he goes, looks ou over the vast crime scene, and just stands there a while.