36) 0) text: Harvey has lunch with the "gay establishment": DAVID GOODSTEIN, 58, gold and turquoise jewelry, and Goodstein' protégé, RICK STOKES, 45, reserved. Rick can't keep his eyes off naked Scott in the pool.
36) 1) dialog: I worked for a financial institution. I was very discreet. But someone spotted me at the opera, sitting in a box, next to my lover. And I was fired. That's when I decided to do something. So I bought The Advocate. And I use my money and my influence in quiet ways, to do what I can...
36) 3) dialog: Yes, if they're friendly to our cause.
36) 12) dialog: Harvey, we're like the Catholic church. We welcome converts, but we don't make them Pope the same day.
36) 14) dialog: It's too early for a gay candidate for Supervisor. Especially one from the Castro. It's bad for the community's image. Scott climbs out of the pool and sits at the table, naked sopping wet.
36) 16) dialog: Nobody works there. It's all sex and drugs and more sex and no one taking responsibility for their own problems.
36) 27) dialog: The more “out” you make us, the more you incite them. Step back and quiet down.
36) 29) dialog: For you, politics is a game, a lark. Like putting on a rock festival or staging a "love-in." You're too old to be a hippie, Harvey Milk! Harvey turns around, ready for a fight.
68) 0) text: The Shop is packed. It's a giant celebration party. Anne Cleve are working the door. SCOTT SMITH WATCHES FROM THE CROWD OUTSIDE THE SHOP as Rick Stokes and David Goodstein to get in.
68) 8) dialog: (seeing Harvey inside) Harvey! Harvey!
82) 0) text: Cleve and Anne sit in the entry way, Cleve in his tight j and shirt. He's very out of place amongst all the suits. Harvey walks in. Cleve and Anne rush to his side. David Goodstein and Rick Stokes turn to greet Milk.
82) 1) dialog: Hello, Harvey. Running late? (Harvey doesn't stop) (MORE)
82) 7) dialog: Oh Harvey... your boyfriend is in the closet.
84) 1) dialog: The Briggs initiative is polling at 75 percent for approval statewide.
84) 8) dialog: (condescending to Cleve) So it's important we not deceive people into thinking we can beat this, or we'll have riots and only increase this backlash.
84) 12) dialog: No Harvey, purposefully not.
84) 21) dialog: (cutting Rick him off)
84) 24) dialog: (a beat, then) I think you should leave. In the face of Phil Burton, most the others seem to agree HARVEY PUTS PHIL BURTON'S FLYER IN THE FIREPLACE on his w out of the room.
131) 1) dialog: Most people were surprised when Dan White quit last Friday citing financial difficulties. Now we've heard that White is asking for his Supervisor job back. But many say--
132) 6) dialog: --White gave up all of his political chits when he resigned without making any arrangements. The news story transitions in the B.G. as Harvey gets up.