80) 0) text: CA State Senator, JOHN BRIGGS, 47, delivers his message t the PRESS, THE TV CREWS, AND A MASS OF PROTESTERS. HARVEY AND HIS GROUP are amongst the crowd.
80) 1) dialog: My proposition promises to protect our children from these gay perverts and pedophiles who recruit our children to their deviant lifestyles, including the ones who (MORE)
80) 7) dialog: do it in our public schools. It's time to root them out. In the crowd is teacher TOM AMMIANO, 36, colorful, worked
80) 9) dialog: Sir, my bill outlines procedures for identifying homosexuals.
80) 11) dialog: Sir, you can argue with me, but you cannot argue with God. It's getting ugly fast. Briggs is whisked away by TWO OFFICERS. He trips off the curb and is quickly scooped up
106) 0) text: John Briggs rides in a limo watching the ГўВЂВњfreaks" ou he nears the Parade Stages his POLICE ESCORTS take an unplanned turn. He leans forward.
106) 6) dialog: The parade is the other direction.
107) 1) dialog: I have a right to be here, Mr. Mayor.
107) 4) dialog: I'm aware. Sad you're too afraid to fight this out in public, Mr. Milk.
107) 6) dialog: You know the details. As do the people. Look at the votes across this nation. The "public" is with me.
108) 0) text: Harvey sits with John Briggs at a table facing forward. W hear the cheers and jeers of the packed audience.
108) 2) dialog: Not in my mind they haven't--
108) 4) dialog: Mr. Milk, we don't allow people who believe in practicing bestiality to teach our children, and the reason we don't is because it is illegal. But it's not illegal to be a homosexual in California.
108) 6) dialog: True. But, gay people don't have children of their own. If they don't recruit our children, they'd all die away. That's why they want to be teachers, to encourage our children to join them.
109) 1) dialog: If they're going to lead such an open life of homosexuality that they want a 21-gun salute every time somebody goes by them, those people are going to be in danger of being removed their job.
113) 2) dialog: Same thing with VD Harvey, we put out publications about VD so you can avoid it.
113) 4) dialog: We are not talking about homos... child molestation, the fact is, at least 95 percent of the people are heterosexual. If we took heterosexuals out AND homosexuals out, you know what--
113) 5) dialog: --we'd have no teachers We'd have no teachers--
113) 7) dialog: (getting more lost) No, no, I'm not saying that at all--
113) 14) dialog: No. I'm saying that we cannot prevent child molestation so let's cut our odds down and take out the homosexual group and keep in the heterosexual group-- Harvey laughs in disbelief at the asinine argument. Brigg looks down to his notes, lost. Harvey takes the opportuni to rip into the State Senator: