6) 0) text: Rath is working at the desk.  He is tallying numbers, materials, totaling his estimate. Spread out over the table are several faxed photos of the old Italian, Leevio Valli, usually surrounded by bodyguards. The file details Valli's life and his daily routine.  It includes:  phone bills, credit card and bank account statements, driver license and vehicle registration, the real estate listing of his house and even a copy of his income tax return. Satisfied with his figures, Rath plugs the phone into the modem and makes a call. The network comes on-line as the General Contractor types:
9) 0) text: Across the street from Trattoria Roma, Rath jacks togethe a German assault rifle with night scope.
11) 0) text: THROUGH the NIGHT SCOPE we see the front door to the restaurant open and a group of wine stewards clumped together slowly back out.
13) 0) text: Rath moves the scope back and forth, unable to pick out the assassin.
15) 0) text: Rath watches as they scatter, finding Bain in his scope.
17) 0) text: Rath looks over his scope, talking to himself.  He is sweating.
19) 0) text: Rath finds the fire hydrant in his scope, almost obscured by the parked Mercedes.
26) 0) text: The CARS SCREECH to a halt in front of the restaurant. The COPS jump out, drawing their weapons. Bain throws his guns down, raising his hands in the air.
26) 2) dialog: Hit the ground!  Face down!  Spread your legs! Bain follows the orders as the second cop edges up to him frisking him.  In this position the Cop is unable to find the knife strapped to Bain's forearm, but finds the Gameboy.
26) 4) dialog: Shut up! The Cop twists Bain's arms behind his back, handcuffing him tightly. They drag him to his feet, a swarm of police and paramedics in the street.
27) 0) text: Rath holds them in his cross hairs as they move to the police car, but is unable to get a clean shot.  Bain is using the cops for cover, keeping his head low.
30) 0) text: Bain stares out the window, silent. Behind his back, he takes hold of his left thumb with his right hand. The Cop is playing with the Gameboy. With a quick jerk, he yanks the thumb out of its socket. His expression remains perfectly blank. The thumb hangs unnaturally from the hand.  The skin stretches strangely as he pulls the metal cuff from his wrist. The Cop turns as the SWITCHBLADE CLICKS and Bain sticks the knife through the wire mesh, into the cop's eye.  A font of blood arcs onto the windshield. Grabbing hold of the driver's shirt collar, Bain jabs the blade into the back of his neck. The driver screams trying to pull free of Bain's grip. He slams on the brakes, groping for his gun and the CAR SKIDS out of control. Bain stabs the Cop again, his GUN FIRING WILDLY as -- The patrol car starts to flip and roll.
66) 0) text: Akira turns from the small computer screen and nods at a goon, who drops a green brick of bound one hundred dollar bills, down the central air duct. The little clock on the laptop ticks away as it copies.
114) 0) text: A small hotel in the city, away from the beaches, built before there was such a thing as central air conditioning Bain is naked, except for a small pair of camouflage jockeys and his Walkman strapped to his shoulder.  His head is pumping wildly with the speed metal thrashing in his ears. He is tearing open a long box wrapped in "Happy Birthday" paper. Inside the box is a massive black hi-tech assault rifle. He smiles. He assembles it quickly, snapping it together with automatic ease.  When the sight is tightened in place, he jumps up. In the mirror over the dresser, he poses down with the gun. Not satisfied, he grabs his shades and checks himself again.  He starts moving with the music, playing with the gun, first as a guitar, then whipping it around, spinning it expertly, like a drum and bugle corpsman.  The gun zip and flashes around as he whirls in place, then freezes. The butt of the rifle to his shoulder, he peers down the scope at his own head reflected in the mirror.  He is sweating and breathing, but the barrel does not move.
125) 0) text: Bain is laying on the floor in the dark.  The rifle is under him as he aims out of his balcony, down the street at the statue. He looks up from the scope, checking the street.  It is dark and empty and he shifts back looking into the sight. His finger squeezes, the GUN ALMOST SILENT, as --
145) 0) text: Bain is rocking back and forth, breathing through his teeth.  He has to urinate.  Bad. He is checking every face that comes out of the bank with the scope.  Still nothing.
147) 0) text: The sun is getting low.  The room much darker now. Bain sits at the window; his body a knot. A large group of tourists flow out of the bank and Bain's eyes light up.  One by one, the scope passes over each face. They trickle down the steps and into the plaza. The stairs are again empty. Bain screams, pounding the butt of the gun down, splittin open the floor. He looks at the bank.  Nothing.  He checks his watch.  In fifteen minutes the bank will close. He stands up.