39) 6) dialog: Would you please leave? Electra lifts her head, smelling the air.
40) 0) text: Electra's front door opens slowly.  Timidly, she steps ou of her apartment and walks down the hall until she is standing in front of Jennifer's door. She starts to knock, but stops herself.  She isn't sure she should do this. She paces, then turns to the door. She knocks, so softly it's almost impossible to hear. She stands, trying to force herself to knock again, when she hears Jennifer.
40) 1) dialog: Hello?  Ken, is that you? Electra panics. The door knob turns, the door opens and JENNIFER looks ou into the hall.  It is empty.
41) 0) text: On the monitors, Electra watches Jennifer pick up the phone.
41) 1) dialog: Hi, Mom, it's me.  Ken and I just had a big fight. Electra's PAGER suddenly SOUNDS.  She shuts down the screens and pulls out the pager, checking the number.
43) 0) text: Electra comes down the stairs. Outside the large glass door she sees KEN, Jennifer's boyfriend, leaving. On the lobby floor is a letter, apparently slipped under the door, addressed to Jennifer Morgan. Electra looks out the front door window, making sure that Ken is gone. She picks up the letter and stuffs it into her pocket.
79) 0) text: The room is immaculate; near the door, several over-sized suitcases line the wall. Bain is sitting at the desk.  His WALKMAN is on, MUSIC BLASTING, as he flips casually through the telephone directory. His finger eases down a column stopping at "Morgan Jennifer." There is a KNOCK at the door. He smiles and tears out the page. There is another, LOUDER KNOCK which Bain hears this time He TURN OFF the WALKMAN and opens the door; a BELLBOY is waiting with a luggage cart.
82) 0) text: Standing at the mailboxes flipping through her mail is Jennifer Morgan.  What she was hoping for is not there. She looks up and sees Electra.
82) 1) dialog: Excuse me -- Electra stops.
82) 2) dialog: You live here, don't you? Electra nods.
82) 3) dialog: I'm sorry, this may sound really weird, but my friend told me he slipped a letter under the door here and I was wondering if you happened to see it? Electra is in a daze, her hand moving into her pocket.
82) 5) dialog: Yeah.  He said he saw a woman with dark hair going into the building when he dropped it off.
82) 7) dialog: I'm sorry.  I didn't mean to -- I'm sorry. She shrugs and unlocks the interior door, leaving Electra in the lobby. Electra watches her, as her hand moves from pocket to pocket. A worried expression tightens her face; the letter is gone. She opens the interior door, following Jennifer up the stairs.
83) 0) text: Electra climbs the stairs, her mind pouring through the possibilities, filled with fear. By the time Electra reaches the top floor, Jennifer is entering her apartment. Electra hurries past Jennifer's door to her own.
84) 0) text: Electra flies across the living room to the monitors. She clicks them on, putting on Jennifer's channel. On the screen we see Jennifer in her living room checking her phone messages.  One from her mother. Electra throws a few switches so that Jennifer's entire apartment is in front of her. On one of the monitors we see a shadow slide across the oak floor as something moves along the edge of the room. Jennifer has moved to the bathroom and is drawing a bath. Electra clamps her hand over her mouth when he steps out. Bain moves into the dining room where Jennifer had just been. Wearing rubber surgeon's gloves, he picks up the mail tha she had dropped on the table and sorts through it. Bain moves about the apartment with complete indifference to Jennifer's presence; as if he were invisible, as thoug he knew she couldn't see him. He moves into a room, just as she moves out. Electra watches, dizzy, sick with terror, but she is unable to turn away. Bain searches through a desk drawer, while Jennifer start undressing for her bath. He walks down the hall and stands outside of the bathroom If Jennifer would turn around she would see him. Electra is about to run, to call out when -- Something catches Bain's eye. He moves into the bedroom, and is turned so that he is looking straight up into the camera. He inches towards it, not sure what it is.  The fiber optic cable is hidden in the light fixture hanging over the bed. Staring at it, he is looking right at Electra. Bain steps up onto the bed, his face distorting as he moves close to the fish-eye lens.  Poking it with his finger, he realizes what it is.  A warped smile stretches across his face as he whispers --
94) 0) text: With her head now buried in her arms and knees, she is sobbing, her body rocking.  The crying seems very similar to Jennifer's; a complete emotional release.
95) 0) text: Rath stares at the board.  The CRYING grows LOUDER.  He stands and walks to the door.  He starts to knock but stops himself. Like Electra with Jennifer, Rath would like to help, he just has no idea how to.  He turns back to the desk, to his chess game.