1) 0) text: The red setting sun is reflected in the black lens. Two men are tromping through the calf-deep mud of an end- less marsh.  It is fall, the first frost not far away and the foliage is brown and bare.  With the red-orange ball of fire melting into the horizon, the two men at first appear as only silhouettes or shadows slogging through th mire. The man with the sunglasses walks behind the other man. He is very well-dressed in a dark suit.  A .22 caliber gun, fitted with a long silencer, dangles from his hand. His name is ROBERT RATH. The other man is WILLIE KETCHAM.  He is also wearing a very expensive suit though it is being destroyed by the brambles and mud. As he lifts his foot his Gucci shoe is sucked off by the mud.
1) 1) dialog: Aw-shit! He balances on one leg, holding his silk-socked foot in the air.  He looks at the shoe, already filling with mud. He looks at Rath.
1) 2) dialog: How much farther?
1) 4) dialog: Oh, fuck it. He pulls his sock off and plunges his foot into the mud. He smiles.  It feels good.  He hurls the sock.  Lifting his other foot he pulls his shoe off and hurls that.  He grabs for the other sock, struggling to get it off, laughing at himself as he slips and falls into the mud. Rath waits, a faint smile. He manages to get the sock off and then stands digging both feet into the dark, wet earth.
1) 5) dialog: Hey, this feels kinda good. They move on, Ketcham almost playing, sinking his feet deep pulling them out to make a SPLURCHING, SUCKING NOISE
1) 6) dialog: Hey, do you mind if I talk a little?  I feel like, I don't know, talking I guess.
1) 8) dialog: Funny, I've never been a talker. My wife was always getting on me about that.  'Say what you feel, tell me what's bothering you, you ve got to talk to me.'  I never would though.  Not really.
1) 10) dialog: I don't know.  Part of me wanted to but part of me always said, 'What's she going to be able to do?'  I don't know.  Maybe I didn't trust her. He picks up a handful of mud and begins shaping it like a snowball.
1) 11) dialog: My Margaret... I loved her but you know what?  I cheated on her.  All the time.  I don't even know why. It wasn't the sex, Margaret was great in bed.  I think if I wasn't married I wouldn't have even looked at some of those women.  I knew she couldn't trust me, so how could I trust her?  If she was here right now I'd think that I would tell her that I was sorry... 'course, if she were here right now, maybe I wouldn't feel like talking. He throws the mud ball at the grove of trees but they are too far.
1) 12) dialog: I think I've heard of you.
1) 14) dialog: You're pretty famous aren't you?
1) 16) dialog: I know this may seem like a strange question, but can I ask you how much the contract was for -- not to insult you or anything, I know you're a professional, but just for me, I was just wondering.
1) 18) dialog: Oh yeah?  I guess we still need to see that price tag.  Like art, right?  You hang some painting that looks like baby-puke in your living room only if it costs a bundle.
1) 20) dialog: One hundred thousand?  That's it? Jesus... Is that a lot?
1) 22) dialog: Shit... oh well. Ketcham laughs.
1) 23) dialog: I have been thinking about this for a long while.  I knew this day was coming.  I knew someday someone would make the call on me. I never thought about anyone that I had whacked.  What do you call it anyway?
1) 25) dialog: 'Taken.'  That's nice.  When I had someone taken I would call our General Contractor, transfer the money and as soon as I hung up the phone I forgot about them.
1) 27) dialog: That's exactly what I told myself. Ketcham laughs again.  He is getting kind of giggly, like he's high.
1) 28) dialog: I always wondered what I'd be thinking at this exact moment.  I imagined that I would be thinking about the fucker who contracted this, trying to figure out who it was... Something occurs to him and he looks back at Rath.
1) 30) dialog: That's what our General Contractor told us but how can you trust someone like that?
1) 32) dialog: I thought that I would be thinking about Margaret, or work, or that I'd be having these deep, profound and depressing thoughts but I'm not.  I'm trying to think really profound thoughts, but I can't. It seems very funny to me.
1) 34) dialog: I'm thinking about Moonpies.  Ain't that funny?  I haven't had a Moonpie since I was ten years old. Right now, I'm thinking how much I'd love one.
1) 36) dialog: Can I ask you something?
1) 38) dialog: What do other guys do? He looks at the trees, his voice dying in the WIND.
1) 40) dialog: Do they get down on their knees, begging and crying?
1) 42) dialog: When I thought about this, that was always there, in the back of my head, that image of me on my knees, crying.  It wouldn't go away and it would really upset me. It was something that I could never get away from... but now, I feel it's okay.  I feel good.
1) 44) dialog: Anything.
1) 46) dialog: You mean quit?
1) 48) dialog: I used to think about it.  I had Margaret.  She wanted kids.  I thought about moving somewhere far away like, Europe.  I could see all of that, the first part, the getting away but I couldn't see that next part.  'Then what?' So I'd stop thinking about it and go back to work.  You understand?
1) 50) dialog: I always pictured that I would end in some land fill, under someone else's garbage.  I kept picturing those plastic diapers filled with some baby's green shit, covering me.  But this is nice... He looks at the sun, bloody red seeping into the black horizon.
1) 51) dialog: Look at that.  I haven't watched the sun set in a million years. Do you mind?
1) 53) dialog: Nice... real nice. With his face hidden from Rath he begins to cry. Rath watches Ketcham staring at the setting sun.  Rath looks down at the gun limply held in his hand. When the sun is gone, a red glow at the bottom of a dark- ening sky, we hear the GUN, SILENCED, ONCE, then the BODY FALLING INTO THE MUD.  After a beat we hear TWO MORE SHOTS. Ketcham is lying face down, already sinking into the mud, a red cloud mushrooming around his head like the red haze left by the dying sun. Rath breathes in deep and lets the air out slowly, stand- ing alone in the middle of nowhere.