24) 41) text: You, get out! Big Emilio almost magically appears behind Seth and place HIS BIG BEEFY SAUSAGE-FINGERED HAND HARD on Seth's should
24) 42) dialog: (to Seth in Spanish)
24) 46) dialog: (Spanish)
24) 49) dialog: Uno...
24) 55) text: Welcome to the Titty Twister. What can I get you? Seth BRUSHES OFF Big Emilio's paw.
24) 113) text: Drink up. Richie, mesmerized, sucks the whiskey off her toes. The CROWD GOES WILD. Santanico smiles, master of all she surveys. Jacob and Scott are embarrassed. Kate, oddly enough, is turned on by the controlling power this woman has over a man she's deathly feared. Seth laughs out loud a Mexican "yi yi yiii" laugh, keepin the beat with his guitar. Across the room, Razor Charlie, Chet by his side, motions over Big Emilio. He begins explaining with pointing what Seth and company did to Chet. Richard continues to suck her toes. The song ends, Santanico extracts her foot from Richard's mouth. Steps off the table. Takes a drink of whiskey. Loo down at the seated Richard. She GRABS the back of his hair, YANKS his head BACK. His mouth OPENS because she's hurting him. She LEANS her FACE OVER his like she's going to kiss him. Then let's the whi from her mouth fall into his. They never touch. The crowd applauds. She lets go of Richard's hair. Except for Jacob and Richard, both for their own reasons, the table applau none louder than Seth.
24) 134) text: then this fag kicked me in the ribs while I was down. That's all Big Emilio has to hear.
24) 135) dialog: (to The Gecko Brothers)
24) 152) text: looking down at Seth, her face contorts to FEED MODE, whe the bottle HITS her SQUARE in the HEAD, SHATTERING. We see that Jacob behind the bar threw it. Santanico, bathed in whiskey and broken glass, is momentarily dazed. She looks down at Seth. Seth sits up, .45 in hand, and fires. Santanico is HIT in the CHEST. The bullet from the gun ma the liquor-soaked robe ignite. Santanico SCREAMS as she GOES UP IN FLAMES. Big Emilio sees Santanico's fiery death. He lets out a cr
24) 153) dialog: Noooooo! He turns his hateful gaze on the two humans. Seth and Jacob see Big Emilio zeroing in on them, then th see him move his big frame in their direction. Seth turns Jacob.