24) 162) dialog: Ain't they supposed to burn up or something? At that moment a bright flash ERUPTS, illuminating everyone's face. The sound of quick burning flames fills the air. Everybody shields their eyes from the intense light, which lasts only a split second. It vanishes, along with the bodies of the vampires. All that remains is a smoldering mess of goo where the bodies once lay. They all stare at the mess for a few seconds and then RUN for the door. It's locked. They BANG on the door, but it' useless. It ain't budging, yet they all go on banging. Except for Seth. He never ran for the door. He walks over to his dead brother's body and kneels beside it. He takes his dead hand.
24) 180) dialog: At first I just thought it was birds.
26) 6) dialog: (to Sex Machine)
26) 29) dialog: Wooden stakes in the heart been workin' pretty good so far.
26) 42) dialog: (in a cowboy voice)
26) 46) dialog: Well, one thing, they might got super human strength, but you can hurt 'em.
26) 51) text: He's a preacher. Frost and Sex Machine look toward Jacob.
26) 58) dialog: You can. You'll take it 'cause ya got no choice. How'd ya like twenty four hours of it, lying in a muddy ditch with only the rotting corpses of your friends to keep you company?
26) 60) dialog: Back in '72 I was in Nam, trapped behind enemy lines, lying in a rat hole with my entire squad dead. They thought they killed everybody, and except for me, they were right. But it wasn't for lack of trying. A grenade blew up right next to me, that's why I'm so pretty. They thought I was dead, so I played dead. They dumped al the bodies in a ditch. All I could do was lie there playi possum. Dead bodies under me, dead bodies on top of me, listening to the enemy laugh and joke hour after hour aft hour... As Frost goes into his monologue, the sound fades out and the camera moves to Sex Machine. He's having a hot flash. can't hear anything. He's looking at Frost speaking, but doesn't hear any sound. Then he hears a deep, MALE VOICE say:
26) 67) dialog: ...and then when I came back to my senses, I realized I had killed the entire V.C. squadron single handedly. My bayonet had blood and chunks of yellow flesh on it like some cannibal shish kabob. And to this day I don't have the slightest idea how I -- Sex Machine lets out a hideous cry.
26) 70) dialog: I been bit! He fuckin' bit me! Sex Machine PUNCHES Seth in the face, dropping him like a sack of potatoes. He smacks the shit out of Kate. She goes FLYING into a table. Sex Machine turns, seeing Frost breaking off a big table leg. Frost looks at the big vamp.
26) 71) dialog: (to Sex Machine)
27) 0) text: Jacob, holding a cross made out of two sticks and recitin appropriate verse from the bible, is keeping the vampires bay. But, as Seth predicted, it is the shining power of h restored faith that is his mightiest weapon. Jacob is mak his way through the vampires, toward the back door. A lot the bats have transformed into bat/devil/human creatures. The creatures stand at the edge of Jacob's force field of holiness. Many bat things fly around the bar like mad, whirling dervishes. A cluster of bat-things over above an in front of Jacob. They all growl and hiss at the man of god. For every one step forward Jacob takes, the vampire stake one step back. Jacob recites the verse from the bib in a threatening, mean, mother fucking, servant of god to As he speaks with authority and strength, he sees Frost lying on the ground, bat-things on him like ants on a candy bar. But Jacob is too much in control to let even t repugnant sight trip him up. Jacob has backed himself up by the door.