5) 0) text: Emma and Pete's PATRONS are made up of regulars, truckers cowboys and road-weary travelers. The CAMERA DOLLIES thro the maze of tables, patrons, and waitresses. It stops when it gets to a table occupied by the FULLER FAMILY. The Fullers definitely fall into the road-weary category. The members of the unit consist of the father, JACOB, age 44, an ex-preacher, a good man with rough edge and his two children, KATE, age 19, is a young beauty who possesses what can only be described as an apple pie sensuality. She is dressed like a nice Christian girl, complete with crucifix. SCOTT, age 16, is a Jacob's Vietnamese adopted son. Scott is a likable, long-haired k who always wears a T-shirt with the name of the heavy met garage band he plays guitar for, "Precinct 13." The three of them are wolfing down a late lunch.
5) 1) dialog: We got about two more hours of day light left. That'll get us into El Paso, which is right next to the border. We'll stop at a motel --
5) 4) dialog: Okay, Okay, maybe I was a little overzealous, but give me a break, I just bought it. Scott and Kate continue the impersonation.
5) 11) dialog: Unless you two wiseacres wanna be introduced to the joys of hitchhiking, what say we drop this?
5) 16) dialog: You two ought to start a stand-up act, because you're just wasting your humor on me.
5) 19) dialog: I'm exhausted.
5) 21) dialog: I just bet you would. Don't even thin about it. Besides, I want to have one night's sleep in an honest-to-goodness bed. The beds in the home are okay, but they're not like a real bed.
5) 25) dialog: That's very nice of Ted, but I'll call him tomorrow and tell him not to bother waiting.
5) 27) dialog: Not enough to be a pastor. Look, I know this is hard on you kids. After Jenny's death, this is probably the last thing you need. But I can't do it any longer. My congregation needs spiritual leadership. Well, they can't get that from me anymore. My faith is gone. To answer your question, yes, I do believe in Jesus. But do I love them? No. After Jenny died, I just thought, what's the point?
5) 30) dialog: I didn't say fuck him. I'm just not connected anymore.
5) 32) dialog: Kate, give your old man a little credit. Every person who chooses the service of God as their life's work has something in common. I don't care if you're a preacher, a priest, a nun, a rabbi or a Buddhist monk. Many, many times during your life you'll look at your reflection in the mirror and ask yourself, am I a fool? We've all done it. I'm not going through a lapse. What I've experienced is closer to awakening. I'm not trying to shake your faith. I've just decided not to devote my life to God anymore.
5) 34) dialog: Mom's got nothing to say, she's dead.
15) 0) text: Scott and Kate are in the front seat of their parked moto home. The motor home's parked in front of the Dew Drop Inn's front office. We see Jacob inside getting a room fr the Old-Timer.
15) 3) dialog: There's nothing wrong with this place.
15) 5) dialog: It's not a flop house. It's basic and simple. That doesn't make it a flop house.
15) 7) dialog: It has a bed. That's all I care about.
16) 0) text: Seth walks out of room #9 with a beer in his hand. He's thinking about how he's going to get over the border tonight. Lost in thought, he steps out in the path of the Fuller's motor home. Jacob slams on the brakes. Seth jumps back, startled. Bot Kate and Scott are TOSSED out of their seats onto the flo THUD... THUD...
16) 2) dialog: Watch where you're going!
16) 6) dialog: I have no idea. Seth continues standing in their way, making no attempt t move. Not threatening, just looking at them.
16) 8) dialog: Anytime, man. The horn snaps Seth back to this world. A smile breaks ou on the escaped fugitive's face and he politely steps to o side to let them pass. Pass they do!
17) 0) text: The Fullers are in room #12. It's identical to the one th the Gecko boys are in, except that the paintings above th beds are different. Jacob has fallen asleep in his clothe on the bed. Scott sits in a chair, headphones on, playing an unplugge electric guitar. Kate is nowhere in sight. KNOCK... KNOCK... KNOCK... on the door. Scott doesn't hea shit but his music. Jacob stirs a bit, but doesn't wake u POUND... POUND... POUND... on the door. Jacob SPRINGS UP. He looks over at Scott, who, lost in guitar heaven, is oblivious of the knocker, then to the door.
17) 1) dialog: (yelling)
17) 4) dialog: I hope none of this is disturbing you. Scott can't hear him, but when he sees his dad look at hi he smiles. Jacob opens the door and sees... ... Richard Gecko standing in the doorway, looking like t nicest guy in the entire world.
17) 6) dialog: (still partially asleep)
17) 7) text: Sure. We follow Jacob as he turns to the dresser to get the mot ice bucket. He grabs it, turns back to the door, takes a couple of steps towards it, then stops: in his tracks. He sees Richard and Seth both inside the room with the do closed, both with .45's in their hands, both aimed at him
17) 8) dialog: What is this? Seth SLUGS Jacob in the mouth, KNOCKING him to the ground
17) 14) dialog: Jacob.
17) 21) dialog: He's my son.
17) 23) dialog: Neither does he. He looks Vietnamese.
17) 25) dialog: What's this about, money?
17) 28) text: Stop! Jacob and Scott freeze. Richard moves like quicksilver, shutting the door and positioning himself behind the terrified Kate.
17) 31) dialog: (to Kate)
17) 34) text: You two, Simon says sit the fuck down! They slowly sit. Richard can't take his eyes off the dripping wet Kate. Both Jacob and Seth see this and neither men like it. Bot for their own reasons.
17) 37) dialog: On the dresser.
17) 54) dialog: Look, if you want the motor home, just take it and get out. Seth grabs a chair and slides it up to his two male hostages.
17) 57) dialog: Not a chance.
17) 59) dialog: If you're taking people, take me. But my kids aren't going anywhere with you.
17) 61) dialog: My children are not going with you, and that's that.
17) 67) text: What's it gonna be, yes or no answer? Jacob looks at him.
17) 68) dialog: Yes.
18) 9) text: Jacob Fuller. Jacob, that's biblical, ain't it? What am I askin' for, of course it is. (motioning behind him)
18) 11) dialog: Scott and Kate. Seth repeats the names as he thumbs through the wallet.
18) 14) dialog: My wife.
18) 16) dialog: In heaven.
18) 18) dialog: Yes, she is.
18) 20) dialog: Auto wreck.
18) 22) dialog: No. It was a rainy night, the brakes on the car weren't great. She had to stop suddenly. She slid on the road, she crashed, she died.
18) 24) dialog: Not quite. She was trapped in the wreck for about six hours before she passed on.
18) 26) dialog: Yes, they do. Seth looks back at the wallet. He sees Jacob's minister's license.
18) 28) dialog: Yes.
18) 30) dialog: Real McCoy.
18) 32) dialog: I was a minister.
18) 34) dialog: Yes.
18) 36) dialog: I think I've gotten about as up close and personal with you as I'm gonna get. Now if you need me like I think you need me, you're not gonna kill me 'cause I won't answer your stupid, prying questions. So, with all due respect, mind your own business.
18) 38) dialog: Yes.
18) 40) dialog: How do I know you'll keep your word?
18) 42) dialog: You want me to sit here and be passive. The only way being passive in this situation makes sense is if I believe you'll let us go. I'm not there yet. You have to convince me you're telling the truth.
18) 44) dialog: Yes.
18) 46) dialog: No, I didn't.
18) 48) dialog: You won't let him touch her?
18) 52) text: My words, my law. Better you not take it, and that's just where we are, then take it and not mean it. Jacob takes his hand, but looks right into Seth.
18) 53) dialog: If he touches her, I'll kill him. I don't give a fuck how many guns you have, nothing will stop me from killing him.
18) 61) text: Put your hand on it. Jacob does.
18) 63) dialog: I swear to God I won't try to escape and I'll do my best to get you into Mexico.
19) 18) text: What? Seth and Jacob.
21) 0) text: Jacob at the wheel, Seth in the passenger seat. Seth jump up and goes into action.
21) 3) dialog: I'm telling you, don't hurt her.
21) 5) dialog: I don't have the slightest idea.
21) 8) dialog: I'm gonna try and get us across the border.
22) 26) dialog: Have you forgotten about your sister?
22) 28) dialog: If they get over the border, they're gonna let us go.
22) 30) dialog: What about Kate?
22) 32) dialog: Son, I have this situation under control. I know exactly what I'm doing. You're going to have to trust me on this.
22) 34) dialog: Now, you listen to me. You ain't gonna do a goddamn fucking thing, you hear me! Nobody cares what you think, I'm running this show, I make the decisions.
22) 36) dialog: I'm running the show. I make the plays, and you back the plays I make. Stop thinking with your fucking balls. Kate in a room with a couple of desperate men with nothing to fucking lose ain't the time to "go for it." I need your cover. Cover my ass. There's a HONK behind them. They both look out the window. It's their turn with the BORDER PATROL GUARDS. JACOB takes the wheel and drives up A stern BORDER GUARD approaches JACOB'S window.
22) 38) dialog: Just my son and I.
22) 40) dialog: Vacation. I'm taking him to see his first bullfight.
22) 46) dialog: Oh, that's just my daughter in the bathroom.
22) 48) dialog: I meant me, my son and my daughter.
22) 71) dialog: We did our part, we gotcha in Mexico. Now it's time for your part, letting us go.
22) 76) dialog: Then?
22) 104) dialog: Guys! We're here.
24) 1) dialog: Out of the stew pot and into the fire.
24) 51) dialog: Now wait a minute, there's no reason to get ugly. There's just a misunderstanding going on here. You said this bar is for truckers and bikers, Well, I'm a truck driver. Everybody looks at Jacob. As Jacob talks he takes out his wallet.
24) 52) dialog: If you look outside your door, parked in your parking lot, you'll see a big ass recreational vehicle. That's mine. In order to drive that legally, you need a class two driver's license. That is the same license that the DMV requires truck drivers to carry in order to drive a truck. (he takes the license out of his wallet and lays it on the bar)
24) 53) text: That is me, and this is my class two license. This is a truck driver's bar, I am a truck driver, and these are my friends. Everybody's a little stunned after Jacob's speech. Razor Charlie picks up the license, looks at Jacob, looks everyone in the party and smiles.
24) 68) dialog: Pass.
24) 71) dialog: (won't be baited)
24) 80) dialog: No you won't. Seth pours Scott a shot.
24) 85) text: Hey, Dr. Frankenstein, I think you just created a monster. Jacob turns to Seth and asks quietly.
24) 86) dialog: Why are you so agitated?
24) 88) dialog: He backed down.
24) 90) dialog: What are you going to do?
24) 93) dialog: Before we stepped in here, you told all of us to be cool. That means you, too.
24) 96) dialog: Are you so much a fucking loser, you can't tell when you've won? Richard, Kate and Scott both turn to Jacob. Nobody can believe what he just said. Neither can Seth who calmly la down his drinking glass.
24) 98) dialog: Nothing. I didn't make a statement. I asked a question. Would you like me to ask it again? Very well. Are you such a loser you can't tell when you've won? (pause)
24) 99) text: The entire state of Texas, along with the FBI, is looking for you. Did they find you? No. They couldn't. They had every entrance to the border covered. There's no way you could get across. Did you? Yes, you did. You've won, Seth, enjoy it. Seth looks at Jacob, then picks up the bottle.
24) 102) dialog: To yours. They both knock 'em back and slap the empty glasses down.
24) 103) dialog: Now, is your shit together?
24) 113) text: Drink up. Richie, mesmerized, sucks the whiskey off her toes. The CROWD GOES WILD. Santanico smiles, master of all she surveys. Jacob and Scott are embarrassed. Kate, oddly enough, is turned on by the controlling power this woman has over a man she's deathly feared. Seth laughs out loud a Mexican "yi yi yiii" laugh, keepin the beat with his guitar. Across the room, Razor Charlie, Chet by his side, motions over Big Emilio. He begins explaining with pointing what Seth and company did to Chet. Richard continues to suck her toes. The song ends, Santanico extracts her foot from Richard's mouth. Steps off the table. Takes a drink of whiskey. Loo down at the seated Richard. She GRABS the back of his hair, YANKS his head BACK. His mouth OPENS because she's hurting him. She LEANS her FACE OVER his like she's going to kiss him. Then let's the whi from her mouth fall into his. They never touch. The crowd applauds. She lets go of Richard's hair. Except for Jacob and Richard, both for their own reasons, the table applau none louder than Seth.
24) 126) dialog: (to himself)
24) 152) text: looking down at Seth, her face contorts to FEED MODE, whe the bottle HITS her SQUARE in the HEAD, SHATTERING. We see that Jacob behind the bar threw it. Santanico, bathed in whiskey and broken glass, is momentarily dazed. She looks down at Seth. Seth sits up, .45 in hand, and fires. Santanico is HIT in the CHEST. The bullet from the gun ma the liquor-soaked robe ignite. Santanico SCREAMS as she GOES UP IN FLAMES. Big Emilio sees Santanico's fiery death. He lets out a cr
24) 168) dialog: Don't be an idiot, he'll kill us all! Seth aims his gun at the group.
24) 177) dialog: Then why didn't I? Jacob walks over to Seth.
24) 178) dialog: I saved your life. I didn't have to, but I did. And I'm sorry you lost your brother. I'm sorry he's dead. I'm sorry everybody's dead. Now, if we're gonna get out of this we need each other. And we need you sober and thinking, not drunk and... As Jacob has been talking, a sound has started that has grown LOUDER and LOUDER. Jacob stops in mid-sentence to identify it.
24) 179) dialog: What the hell is that?
26) 1) dialog: Give me a hand! Jacob runs to a table top. He grabs it and covers the are the bats are trying to claw through. The others grab othe items to help secure and barricade the door. As the survivors are panickedly boarding up the door and the windows, a DEAD BIKER that the vampires fed on, pops open his yellow eyes. He sits up and sees all the furious activity. Everyone's so busy they don't notice their new friend. The dead biker vamp sets his sights on Kate, who' putting a board into place. He springs to his feet and POUNCES on her, just as Sex Machine turns from across the room in her direction.
26) 16) dialog: Is everybody okay? Everyone mutters "yeah."
26) 17) dialog: Okay, does anybody here know what's going on?
26) 20) dialog: I'm like you. I don't believe in vampires, but I believe in what I saw.
26) 22) dialog: In the Winnebago.
26) 27) dialog: What's an official cross? Some piece of tin made in Taiwan? What makes that official? If a cross works against vampires, it's not the cross itself, it's what the cross represents. The cross is a symbol of holiness.
26) 37) dialog: About two hours from now.
26) 40) dialog: Has anybody here read a real book about vampires, or are we just remembering what a movie said? I mean a real book.
26) 44) dialog: I take it the answer's no. Okay then, what do we know about these vampires?
26) 47) dialog: Yeah, that bottle upside the head of Santanico didn't kill her, but it didn't feel too good either.
26) 51) text: He's a preacher. Frost and Sex Machine look toward Jacob.
26) 53) dialog: I've had enough of your taunts. Seth looks up from the floor.
26) 56) dialog: I'm a mean, mother fucking servant of God. The laughter and good humor passes quickly and the only sound to be heard is that of the bats gnawing and clawing It immediately reminds the group of the deep, deep shit they're in.
26) 59) dialog: What are you talking about?
26) 75) dialog: Good lord! Frost, in mid-air, HITS the barricaded, plastered overwin and CRASHES through it. Sex Machine lets loose with a maniacal laugh. Hundreds of bat-things fly into the bar. Seth grabs the two kids by t hand and runs for the backroom. Behind the bar, Jacob grabs two pieces of wood from off t ground. Ten bat-things are in hot pursuit of Seth, Kate and Scott who are RUNNING for their lives. They get to the door of back room, whip it open, dive in and SLAM it behind them. ugly, fleshy bat-thing manges to get its head caught in t door as it closes. Kate and Scott PUSH on the door as har as they can. The bat-thing's head, which is inside, screa howls and snaps in fury. Seth turns toward the bat/vamp in the door. He sticks his .45 in its big mouth.
27) 0) text: Jacob, holding a cross made out of two sticks and recitin appropriate verse from the bible, is keeping the vampires bay. But, as Seth predicted, it is the shining power of h restored faith that is his mightiest weapon. Jacob is mak his way through the vampires, toward the back door. A lot the bats have transformed into bat/devil/human creatures. The creatures stand at the edge of Jacob's force field of holiness. Many bat things fly around the bar like mad, whirling dervishes. A cluster of bat-things over above an in front of Jacob. They all growl and hiss at the man of god. For every one step forward Jacob takes, the vampire stake one step back. Jacob recites the verse from the bib in a threatening, mean, mother fucking, servant of god to As he speaks with authority and strength, he sees Frost lying on the ground, bat-things on him like ants on a candy bar. But Jacob is too much in control to let even t repugnant sight trip him up. Jacob has backed himself up by the door.
27) 1) dialog: Open the door. The door FLIES open. Jacob jumps inside. The door SLAMS shut. Jacob hugs daughter and son. As he hugs them, we see his bloody arm. When he releases them, they can't help but notice.
27) 3) dialog: Yep. Seth explodes, knocking over boxes, busting chairs, tippi over tables and cussing a blue streak.
27) 6) dialog: (to Seth)
27) 9) dialog: No, I'm not. I've been bit. In effect, I'm already dead. Scott and Kate, crying, grab their father and hold on for dear life. Jacob wants to cry, but if he breaks down, the kids will never have the courage for what they must do.
27) 10) dialog: (to his children)
27) 12) text: Now, I'd say in the next twenty or thirty minutes our friends outside will bust in this door. And I'll probably turn into a vampire within the hour. Now, you have two choices. You can wait for me to turn, then deal with me, then wait for them to burst inside here and the three of you will deal with them. Or, we can kick open that door and the four of us can hit 'em with everything we have, and carve a path right through 'em to front entrance. But if we're gonna go at 'em, we gotta go at 'em now. I confused them, I scared them, I took them off guard. But they're going to get unconfused, they're going to get unscared, they're going to get together and they're going to hit that door like a ton of bricks. And when that moment arrives, we gotta be ready. Jacob sees that the back room is pretty damn big and fill with boxes and crates.
27) 13) dialog: What's this stuff?
27) 15) dialog: Well, I say lets tear this place apart for weapons. So when they burst through that door, we'll make 'em wish they never did.
27) 17) dialog: Amen.
27) 18) text: The survivors are opening boxes and prying open crates. A lot of what they find is bullshit. Pantyhose, coffee, teddy bears, etc. But a few of the boxes are just what th doctor ordered. Cases from a sporting good supplier yield a shipment of baseball bats. Meant to arrive at toy store are a shipment of Uzi replica squirt guns and a box of balloons. And captured en route to a hardware store are shipments of power tools, saws and jack hammers. Seth and Scott saw the bats into wooden stakes. Kate fills the Uzi squirt guns with tap water from the backroom sink. Jacob, with Seth's knife, etches a cross into every bulle in the .45 automatic's last full clip of ammo. Vampires all start converging on the back room door, getting their courage back. Kate makes water balloons. Scott sharpens the stakes to a point with the tools. Seth attaches a wooden stake to the end of a jackhammer. Jacob blesses the water in the squirt guns and balloons, turning it into holy water. Our heroes work together, preparing for the battle to com The back room door, barricaded with crates and boxes, begins to be pounded on by the undead on the other side. The room tone is a combination of chewing, scratching, pounding, squeaking and screaming. Finally they're ready. Jacob turns to his kids.
27) 19) dialog: Before we go any further, I need you three to promise me something. I'll fight with you to the bitter end, but when I turn into one of them, I won't be Jacob anymore. I'll be a lap dog of Satan. I want you three to promise you'll take me down, no different from the rest. The kids can't say the words.
27) 21) dialog: Kate, Scott?
27) 23) dialog: Scott?
27) 25) dialog: Why don't I believe you? (he picks up the .45)
27) 26) text: I'm gonna ask you two again, then I want you to swear to God that you'll kill me. If you don't, I'm gonna just kill myself right now. Now, since you need me I think you better swear. Kate, do you swear to God that when I turn into one of the undead, you'll kill me? Kate doesn't answer. Jacob places the .45 barrel against temple.
27) 27) dialog: Kate, we don't have all day, so I'm only gonna count to five. One...two... three... four...
27) 29) dialog: Not good enough, swear to God.
27) 31) dialog: Good girl. Now, Scott, we have even less time, so I'm only giving you the count of three. One...
27) 33) dialog: It's not suicide if you're already dead. Two...
27) 35) dialog: Thank you, son.
28) 0) text: The vampires, bat-things and what have you, start BREAKIN down the door. They are in a mad frenzy. They burst throu the door. Waiting for them are Scott and Kate holding Uzi squirt gu and water balloons draped down their chests on a belt lik grenades. Jacob is holding a cross made of sharp wooden stakes and the .45 with the cross bullets. Seth is holdin the jackhammer. The survivors walk out of the back room into the bar. The vamps back up, letting them inside. What we have here is a Mexican standoff, a la "The Wild Bunch." A moment of peace before the battle. The vamps ju watch the humans. The humans just watch the vamps. Then, like the bull in the china shop, Seth ends the peace by starting up the jackhammer.
28) 4) dialog: (yelling)
28) 10) dialog: No!