5) 0) text: Emma and Pete's PATRONS are made up of regulars, truckers cowboys and road-weary travelers. The CAMERA DOLLIES thro the maze of tables, patrons, and waitresses. It stops when it gets to a table occupied by the FULLER FAMILY. The Fullers definitely fall into the road-weary category. The members of the unit consist of the father, JACOB, age 44, an ex-preacher, a good man with rough edge and his two children, KATE, age 19, is a young beauty who possesses what can only be described as an apple pie sensuality. She is dressed like a nice Christian girl, complete with crucifix. SCOTT, age 16, is a Jacob's Vietnamese adopted son. Scott is a likable, long-haired k who always wears a T-shirt with the name of the heavy met garage band he plays guitar for, "Precinct 13." The three of them are wolfing down a late lunch.
5) 3) dialog: We've got a Winnebago. We don't need those over priced roach havens. We're self contained.
5) 6) dialog: -- you got your microwave --
5) 8) dialog: -- you got your shower --
5) 10) dialog: Feel this, real wood paneling. That's real wood, too, not that fake stuff.
5) 14) dialog: (to Scott)
5) 17) dialog: Ain't it the truth.
5) 22) dialog: Hey, if we go to a motel, we can swim.
5) 24) dialog: Dad, when I called the machine to check our messages there was one from Bethel Baptist. Mr.Franklin said he wouldn't permanently replace you until we came back. He said when we come home, if you still feel the same way --
5) 26) dialog: I didn't want to talk about this in front of Scott because he gets upset. But you don't believe in God anymore?
5) 28) dialog: (pushing him)
5) 31) dialog: That happens, you'll get it back.
5) 33) dialog: What do you think Mom would say?
15) 0) text: Scott and Kate are in the front seat of their parked moto home. The motor home's parked in front of the Dew Drop Inn's front office. We see Jacob inside getting a room fr the Old-Timer.
15) 1) dialog: I can't believe he's stopping here. This place looks totally cruddy. Jacob walks out of the office. Kate yells from the motor home.
15) 2) dialog: Dad, why are we stopping here? He opens the meter home door and climbs in.
15) 4) dialog: It's a flop house.
15) 6) dialog: If it doesn't have a pool, we're looking for a new place. Starting the huge car and slowly maneuvering it through t courtyard.
15) 8) dialog: Other places have beds, they also have cable TV, a gym, room service...
16) 0) text: Seth walks out of room #9 with a beer in his hand. He's thinking about how he's going to get over the border tonight. Lost in thought, he steps out in the path of the Fuller's motor home. Jacob slams on the brakes. Seth jumps back, startled. Bot Kate and Scott are TOSSED out of their seats onto the flo THUD... THUD...
16) 1) dialog: Owww, my head. Jacob (pissed) honks his horn at Seth and yells out the window.
16) 9) dialog: Creepy guy.
17) 0) text: The Fullers are in room #12. It's identical to the one th the Gecko boys are in, except that the paintings above th beds are different. Jacob has fallen asleep in his clothe on the bed. Scott sits in a chair, headphones on, playing an unplugge electric guitar. Kate is nowhere in sight. KNOCK... KNOCK... KNOCK... on the door. Scott doesn't hea shit but his music. Jacob stirs a bit, but doesn't wake u POUND... POUND... POUND... on the door. Jacob SPRINGS UP. He looks over at Scott, who, lost in guitar heaven, is oblivious of the knocker, then to the door.
17) 28) text: Stop! Jacob and Scott freeze. Richard moves like quicksilver, shutting the door and positioning himself behind the terrified Kate.
17) 29) dialog: What's going on?
17) 34) text: You two, Simon says sit the fuck down! They slowly sit. Richard can't take his eyes off the dripping wet Kate. Both Jacob and Seth see this and neither men like it. Bot for their own reasons.
17) 41) dialog: Richie, will you do me a favor and eat my pussy?
17) 50) dialog: Yes.
17) 52) dialog: Yes.
18) 2) dialog: Excuse me. Richard zeros in on her.
18) 4) dialog: Where are you taking us?
18) 6) dialog: What's in Mexico?
18) 55) text: Kate, honey!
18) 56) dialog: Yeah.
18) 58) dialog: Yeah, we got a bible.
19) 0) text: Richard's in the back with Kate and Scott. Richard, expressionless, looks at Kate's bare feet.
19) 1) text: EX CLOSE-UP KATE'S TOES. They wiggle. His eyes go to her hands.
19) 4) text: EX CLOSE-UP KATE'S ADAM'S APPLE. She swallows. His eyes move up.
19) 7) dialog: What?
19) 9) dialog: Do what?
19) 12) dialog: (whispers back)
19) 21) text: We'll talk later. Kate still hasn't a clue what he means.
22) 0) text: The bathroom, which consists of a shower, a toilet and a small sink, is a tight fit with three people in it. Richard has his back against the wall, with his arm aroun Kate, holding her in front of him. One hand is over her mouth, the other holds a .45 against her head. Kate's eyes are wide with fear. Seth stands, .45 in hand, ready to fire if the wrong pers should open the door. Everybody talks low and quiet.
22) 11) text: What? Richard lets Kate go, she quickly moves to the side.
22) 52) text: We can only see Kate's face. It's scared. We hear rustlin around the bathroom, but we don't know what it is. Then it's quiet. Then we hear talking outside the door, b we can't make it out. Then we hear a knock.
22) 53) dialog: I'm in the bathroom.
22) 55) dialog: It's open. We hear the door open and see the light change on Kate's face. She's looking up. BORDER GUARD in the doorway looking in. HE SEES: Kate by herself, pants around her ankles, sittin on the toilet.
22) 56) dialog: Do you mind? Shut the fucking door.
22) 64) text: We're in Mexico. Seth throws his head back and SCREAMS for joy. Kate, emerging from the bathroom, reacts to Seth's scream along with Scott. Seth is so happy that he does a little jig in the back of the van. Everybody else is still tense as shit. But Seth lets go o all his tension, and becomes a new man before our eyes. H turns to Kate.
22) 66) text: Come here, Kate! Kate, nervous, takes a step back. He charges for her. GRABS her, hugs her around her waist, and spins her around. When he lets her go, she stumbles dizzily onto the bed.
22) 68) text: You were magnificent! You told him to shut the fucking door. I'm hiding in the shower, and I'm thinking to myself, "Did I just fuckin' hear what I just fuckin' heard? And what does he do -- he shuts the fucking door! Kate kind of half smiles.
22) 73) dialog: (suddenly brightens)
24) 24) text: Take advantage of our penny pussy sale. Buy any piece of pussy a tour regular price, you get another piece of pussy, of equal or lesser value, for a penny. Now try and beat pussy for a penny! If you can find cheaper pussy anywhere, fuck it! Chet notices our heroes, especially young Kate.
24) 76) text: How 'bout you? (pointing at Scott and Kate)
24) 83) dialog: Okay. Seth just passes her the bottle. She pours her own shot a knocks it back.
24) 111) text: The lights go down low. A light hits the stage. The openi notes of the Coaster's "Down in Mexico" fills the room. The crowd hushes up. And on the stage steps SANTANICO PANDEMONIUM. This Mexican goddess is beautiful, but not the beauty tha Stendhal described in "As the Promise of Happiness," but the beauty of the siren who lures men to their doom. She dances to the raunchy music, not like she owned the stage, but like she owned the world. And if the patrons of the Titty Twister are her world, th world is proud to be her possession. All activity in the bar, save Santanico, stops. Even the Fuller/Gecko table falls under her spell. Especially Richard, Scott and Kate. Seth knows this song and accompanies from the table with the guitar. When the music builds to its explosive section. Santanico LEAPS from the stage, LANDING in the middle of room. She does an eyes-closed voodoo dance in perfect step with the beat. As the music continues to play, a very fucked-u looking Chet Pussy walks in. He goes over to Razor Charli and points at Seth's table, describing what happened. As the last verse plays, Santanico, like a snake, comes u from the ground, on top of the Fuller/Gecko table. Richard, Kate and Scott are enraptured. Santanico scans the table, zeroing in on our boy Richard. She STANDS OVER him. While moving her body to the music, she lifts up the whis bottle from the table, and pours the whiskey down her leg She lifts up her foot, with the whiskey dripping from her toes, and sticks it in Richard's face.
24) 113) text: Drink up. Richie, mesmerized, sucks the whiskey off her toes. The CROWD GOES WILD. Santanico smiles, master of all she surveys. Jacob and Scott are embarrassed. Kate, oddly enough, is turned on by the controlling power this woman has over a man she's deathly feared. Seth laughs out loud a Mexican "yi yi yiii" laugh, keepin the beat with his guitar. Across the room, Razor Charlie, Chet by his side, motions over Big Emilio. He begins explaining with pointing what Seth and company did to Chet. Richard continues to suck her toes. The song ends, Santanico extracts her foot from Richard's mouth. Steps off the table. Takes a drink of whiskey. Loo down at the seated Richard. She GRABS the back of his hair, YANKS his head BACK. His mouth OPENS because she's hurting him. She LEANS her FACE OVER his like she's going to kiss him. Then let's the whi from her mouth fall into his. They never touch. The crowd applauds. She lets go of Richard's hair. Except for Jacob and Richard, both for their own reasons, the table applau none louder than Seth.
24) 142) text: Looks up and watches, eyes wide with fear, Santanico's transformation. Her NOSE RECEDES INTO her face like a rodent's. The white of her eyes turn YELLOW. The FANGS of a beast PROTRUDE fr her mouth. Kate yells from the floor.
24) 143) dialog: (yelling)
24) 173) dialog: Are you okay?
24) 175) dialog: I'm really sorry.
26) 4) text: Goddamn fuckin' vampires. The biker has turned into Captain Sex Machine, Vampire Hunter. He stakes two of the vampires as they get to thei feet. Both SPEW green blood, scream, die and burst into flames. The third, a trucker vampire wearing a cat cap, SMACKS Sex Machine in the mouth, which sends the biker fo a loop. As CAT CAP runs toward the fallen Sex Machine, Kate JUMPS on his back from behind. Both of them go tumbling into a stack of whiskey cases. Sex Machine runs over and grabs K by the hand, pulling her up and out of the way. Cat Cap i lying in a pile of broken bottles and whiskey. Sex Machin raises his stake as Cat Cap dies and DRIVES it in the vamp's black heart. Cat Cap dies and bursts into flames, which hits the whiskey, starting a giant fire.
26) 10) dialog: Kate, what's yours?
26) 33) dialog: Does anybody have any silver?
26) 35) dialog: Then who cares?
26) 38) dialog: So all we have to do is get by for a few more hours and then we can walk right out the front door.
26) 57) dialog: I don't know if I can take two hours of that noise.
26) 77) dialog: We have to go back for Daddy!
26) 79) dialog: Noooo! She spins and grabs the door knob, ready to fling the doo and help her father. Scott grabs her and pushes her up against the wall.
27) 7) text: You bet your sweet ass you are, and I'm gonna help you do it. But we ain't got much time. Kate is crying, she knows what's happened to her father.
27) 8) dialog: You're gonna be okay, aren't you, daddy?
27) 18) text: The survivors are opening boxes and prying open crates. A lot of what they find is bullshit. Pantyhose, coffee, teddy bears, etc. But a few of the boxes are just what th doctor ordered. Cases from a sporting good supplier yield a shipment of baseball bats. Meant to arrive at toy store are a shipment of Uzi replica squirt guns and a box of balloons. And captured en route to a hardware store are shipments of power tools, saws and jack hammers. Seth and Scott saw the bats into wooden stakes. Kate fills the Uzi squirt guns with tap water from the backroom sink. Jacob, with Seth's knife, etches a cross into every bulle in the .45 automatic's last full clip of ammo. Vampires all start converging on the back room door, getting their courage back. Kate makes water balloons. Scott sharpens the stakes to a point with the tools. Seth attaches a wooden stake to the end of a jackhammer. Jacob blesses the water in the squirt guns and balloons, turning it into holy water. Our heroes work together, preparing for the battle to com The back room door, barricaded with crates and boxes, begins to be pounded on by the undead on the other side. The room tone is a combination of chewing, scratching, pounding, squeaking and screaming. Finally they're ready. Jacob turns to his kids.
27) 22) dialog: I promise.
27) 26) text: I'm gonna ask you two again, then I want you to swear to God that you'll kill me. If you don't, I'm gonna just kill myself right now. Now, since you need me I think you better swear. Kate, do you swear to God that when I turn into one of the undead, you'll kill me? Kate doesn't answer. Jacob places the .45 barrel against temple.
27) 28) dialog: Okay, okay, I promise I'll do it!
27) 30) dialog: I swear to God, our father, that when you change into one of the undead, I will kill you.
28) 0) text: The vampires, bat-things and what have you, start BREAKIN down the door. They are in a mad frenzy. They burst throu the door. Waiting for them are Scott and Kate holding Uzi squirt gu and water balloons draped down their chests on a belt lik grenades. Jacob is holding a cross made of sharp wooden stakes and the .45 with the cross bullets. Seth is holdin the jackhammer. The survivors walk out of the back room into the bar. The vamps back up, letting them inside. What we have here is a Mexican standoff, a la "The Wild Bunch." A moment of peace before the battle. The vamps ju watch the humans. The humans just watch the vamps. Then, like the bull in the china shop, Seth ends the peace by starting up the jackhammer.
28) 5) text: To keep the daylight out! This is where they sleep! Get to the door! Seth tries to get to the front door, when Sex Machine, no half bat, half devil vamp, about six foot seven, drops fr above in front of him. Seth RAMS the stake in its chest. Sex Machine-thing screams out, LIFTING the hammer and Set off the ground. Seth is thrown from his hold on the hammer across the roo he CRASHES into a table. The Sex Machine-thing falls back with the jackhammer sticking out of his chest, dead. Kate, spraying Uzi fire like Rambo, sees Seth fall. She screams:
28) 6) dialog: Seth! Seth quickly gets up to find himself surrounded by vampir on all sides. With no weapons, he puts up on dukes.
28) 8) dialog: (yelling)
28) 11) dialog: Everybody goes home! Kate turns into a squirt gun firing, water-balloon throwi one-woman army, as she breaks from her father and heads i Seth's direction.
28) 12) dialog: (screaming)
28) 13) text: Die, monster, die! Die, monster, die! Kate mows down the group by Seth, they lie on the floor, burning in agony. Kate takes Seth's hand and gives him a couple of water balloons and a stake.
28) 14) dialog: (to Seth)
28) 19) dialog: Oh my god. Another bat-thing lands on Scott's arm and takes a bite. Scott screams.
28) 20) dialog: You bastards! She goes to spray them when her Uzi runs out of water. Now seven bat-things are on Scott biting and sucking bloo Scott is in agony.
28) 23) dialog: Not many.
28) 25) dialog: (to Seth)
28) 35) text: Danny, Manny, knock down the door. Hurry, hurry! The vamps are totally fucking freaked out! They run and f around the bar in a panic. Crying, howling, grabbing onto each other. The front door is TORN apart from shotgun fir coming from the outside, punching holes the size of basketballs in th door. The table in front of the door gives and FALLS forward. The door caves in and sunlight invades the bar. Many vamp are instantly fried, bursting into flames. The Mexican gangster CARLSO and his two henchmen, DANNY a MANNY, are horrified at what they see. They cross themsel in fright. Vampires search for dark corners, but all is lost. Sunlig hits a mirrored ball attached to the ceiling, sending hundreds of beams of sunlight scattering through the room Vamps try and dodge the beams. No dice. All around the va combust in fiery explosions. The Titty Twister is now on fire, burning out of control. Seth and Kate run through the building and leap through t door into the parking lot.
29) 25) text: Vamanos! Carlos, Danny and Manny pile into Carlo's white Mercedes. Seth by his Porsche, looks back at Kate. Kate stands alone. The whole desert seems between them. So much to say ... but no words.
29) 27) dialog: Me too. Long pause.
29) 29) dialog: Later. Seth turns his back on her. Just as he opens the door, Ka says behind him:
29) 30) dialog: Seth. Seth turns around.
29) 31) dialog: You want some company? Seth smiles.