2) 20) text: Or that little girl? Or your bosombuddy with the badge? Or yourself? I don't wanna do it, but I'll turn this fuckin' store into the Wild Bunch if I even think you're fuckin' with me. The two men in black suits are the notorious Abilene bank robbers, SETH and RICHARD GECKO, "The Gecko Brothers And the other customers are all being held hostage. Seth is the one with the prep girl. Richard is the one with the blonde. Everybody speaks low and fast.
2) 31) dialog: The Ranger's taking a piss. Why don't I just go in there, blow his head off and get outta here.
2) 39) dialog: (in a low monotone)
2) 44) dialog: (to Seth)
2) 48) dialog: Seth, he did it. You were by the beer cooler with your back turned. I was by the magazines, I could see his face. And I saw him mouth: Richard mouths the words, "Help Us." While Pete lies on the floor behind the counter bleeding from his bullet wound, he opens his floor safe and pulls out a gun from it. Seth releases his brother.
2) 50) dialog: You believe me don't cha?
2) 54) dialog: (yelling)
2) 60) dialog: (yelling)
2) 64) dialog: Gotcha!
3) 2) dialog: What am I supposed to do, Seth? He recognized us.
3) 4) dialog: Seth, I'm telling you, the way he looked at us -- you especially -- I knew he knew. They both climb in the car, Seth behind the wheel. Seth starts it op. The souped up engine ROARS to life. We can hear Seth mumbling under the motor.
3) 7) text: The Plymouth tears ass across Texas plains. As TITLES PLA OVER, we see Seth and Richard enjoying their getaway/road trip. Seth behind the wheel, pops open a bottle of prescription pills, empties out four of the red capsules his hand, pops them in his mouth, and washes it back with slug of Jack Daniel's from a pint bottle. Richard looks at Seth through the hole in his hand. Like boxer, Richard wraps his wounded hand with gaffer's tape. The camera leaves the boys, as they woosh down the street and goes along the length of the car to the trunk. It han on the trunk. Then we see through the trunk, like Superma AN OLDER WOMAN tied up and helpless in the trunk. The rest of the titles play over black as the song continues.
6) 0) text: Seth stands at the front desk of the Dew Drop Inn. A standard issue Texas motel. Richard sits outside in the c Nobody responds to the bell. Seth BANGS it impatiently fi times.
7) 0) text: Richard sits in the car listening to Merle Haggard on the radio. He watches from his perspective, Seth taking the walking outside and getting in the car. Seth starts it up and drives them to their room.
7) 1) dialog: Do they have cable?
7) 3) dialog: Do they have an X-rated channel?
7) 5) dialog: Do they have a waterbed?
8) 6) dialog: How ya think, it hurts like a son-of-a-bitch. Richie goes over to the bed and lies down on it. Seth tak the pillow and stacks them for Richie to prop his back up against.
8) 8) dialog: Feels good.
10) 5) dialog: Hey, when you talk to him, see if you can arrange a better deal than thirty percent.
10) 7) dialog: Did you even to try to negotiate?
10) 9) dialog: All I'm saying --
10) 23) dialog: Wanna come up here on the bed and watch TV with me? You can tell she doesn't want to. He pats the empty space next to him.
10) 24) dialog: Come on. She gets out of her chair, walks across the bed, and sits next to him.
12) 0) text: Richard lies on the bed by himself, propped up by pillows watching TV, taking on hits from a water bong in the shape of a wizard.
14) 36) dialog: (Newscaster's voice)
14) 41) dialog: Shit, I started to get worried. Where the fuck ya been?
14) 43) dialog: What'd ya see?
14) 45) dialog: Didya look at the border? Seth dumps the burgers on the bed. Both men pop open beer and Richard goes to town on a hamburger. Seth flips off the TV
14) 47) dialog: They're going to apprehend us in forty-eight hours. Seth sits down and takes a hit off his beer.
14) 50) dialog: Look, fuck the border. Let's just dig in and wait for things to cool down.
14) 52) dialog: How do you know?
14) 55) dialog: What? Seth's out of his chair.
14) 57) dialog: She's in the other room.
14) 59) dialog: Seth, before you open the door, let me explain what happened. Seth stops and looks at his brother. He knows what he mea He can't say anything, only point at his younger sibling. Then he BURSTS open the door. The dead, naked body of Gloria Hill lies on the bed. It's obvious Richard raped her and killed her. Seth covers his eyes with his hands. He slowly enters the room with the dead body.
14) 61) text: Oh, Richard, what's wrong with you? Richard rises from the bed.
14) 62) dialog: Now, Seth, before you flip out, let me just explain what happened. Seth slowly turns to his brother, then walks toward him. Richard backs up.
14) 64) dialog: (low and calm)
14) 68) dialog: Wrong, wrong, wrong, wrong, wrong, wrong, wrong! Once you left, she became a whole different person.
14) 71) dialog: It's not your fault, it's her fault! Seth grabs Richard and THROWS him in the corner of the ro holding tightly to his wrist.
14) 73) dialog: What?
14) 75) dialog: Seth, if you were me --
14) 77) dialog: Yes.
14) 79) dialog: Yes, Seth, I understand. Seth hugs his little brother. Tight.
17) 5) dialog: Hi there, I'm from room 9, my name is Don Cornelius. No, not the Don Cornelius from Soul Train. Me and my lady friend need some ice and we don't seem to have an ice bucket. Could we possibly borrow yours? I'll bring it right back.
17) 7) text: Sure. We follow Jacob as he turns to the dresser to get the mot ice bucket. He grabs it, turns back to the door, takes a couple of steps towards it, then stops: in his tracks. He sees Richard and Seth both inside the room with the do closed, both with .45's in their hands, both aimed at him
17) 10) dialog: Sit down. Scott lowers himself back down onto his seat.
17) 11) dialog: Good boy. Jacob lifts his head off the floor and wipes blood away f his lip. He looks at his opponent who stands over him.
17) 17) text: Okay, move the Jap over there. Keeping the gun in Scott's mouth, Richard makes Scott ris
17) 18) dialog: Upsy daisy. ...guiding him over to the bed by his father. Richard removes the gun from Scott's mouth and stands nex to his brother, looking down at their two hostages.
17) 28) text: Stop! Jacob and Scott freeze. Richard moves like quicksilver, shutting the door and positioning himself behind the terrified Kate.
17) 30) dialog: We're having a wet bikini contest, and you just won.
17) 34) text: You two, Simon says sit the fuck down! They slowly sit. Richard can't take his eyes off the dripping wet Kate. Both Jacob and Seth see this and neither men like it. Bot for their own reasons.
17) 44) dialog: Sure.
18) 3) dialog: What?
18) 5) dialog: Mexico.
18) 7) dialog: Mexicans. He doesn't smile. In the front part of the motor home, Jacob sits behind th wheel, driving into the night. Seth sits in the passenger seat, going through Jacob's wallet and talking to him calmly.
19) 0) text: Richard's in the back with Kate and Scott. Richard, expressionless, looks at Kate's bare feet.
19) 6) dialog: Did ya mean what you said back there? Kate turns to him.
19) 8) dialog: In the room. Were you serious, or were you just foolin' around? I'm just bringing it up, 'cause if you really want me to do that for you, I will.
19) 10) dialog: (in a whisper)
19) 14) dialog: (whisper)
19) 17) dialog: (to Seth)
19) 20) dialog: (quiet)
22) 0) text: The bathroom, which consists of a shower, a toilet and a small sink, is a tight fit with three people in it. Richard has his back against the wall, with his arm aroun Kate, holding her in front of him. One hand is over her mouth, the other holds a .45 against her head. Kate's eyes are wide with fear. Seth stands, .45 in hand, ready to fire if the wrong pers should open the door. Everybody talks low and quiet.
22) 1) dialog: This isn't gonna work.
22) 3) dialog: I just want to go on record as saying this is a bad idea.
22) 5) dialog: (to himself)
22) 9) dialog: What does that mean?
22) 11) text: What? Richard lets Kate go, she quickly moves to the side.
22) 12) dialog: You just called me a fuckin' nut.
22) 14) dialog: Yes, you did. You said as long as I don't act like a fuckin' nut, implying that I've been acting like a fuckin' nut.
22) 16) dialog: You meant that, but you meant the other, too. Kate can't believe what she's watching. Neither can Seth.
22) 18) text: This ain't the time, Richard.
22) 19) dialog: (his voice rising)
22) 23) dialog: (quiet back)
22) 42) dialog: I'm curious. What was the nuttiest thing I did?
22) 44) dialog: Oh, I know, was it possibly when your ass was rotting in jail and I broke it out? Yeah, you're right, that was pretty fuckin' nutty. Not to mention stupid. But you know what? I can fix that right now. SETH HAULS off and PUNCHES Richard smack in the head. Richard HITS the floor, Guard, Jacob, and Scott hear Richard fall in the bathroom.
22) 81) dialog: (disoriented)
22) 84) dialog: I did?
22) 86) dialog: Really?
22) 88) dialog: Yeah, I guess. I'm just a little fucked up.
22) 90) dialog: What?
22) 93) dialog: We are?
22) 95) dialog: Far out. (pause)
22) 98) dialog: Oh, fuck, Seth, that's my only pair!
22) 100) dialog: What dya mean, don't worry about it. Of course I'm gonna worry about it, I can't fuckin' see.
22) 102) dialog: Yeah, like a Mexican hole-in-the-wall's gonna have my fuckin' prescription.
24) 3) dialog: I gotta say I'm with Jacob on this. I been to some fucked up places in my time, but that place is fucked up. Seth can't believe it.
24) 6) dialog: That's what you think?
24) 8) dialog: I'm lookin' scared?
24) 10) dialog: You know what you look like?
24) 12) dialog: You're lookin' green. That's not what Seth expected to hear.
24) 14) dialog: Where are you right now?
24) 16) dialog: Where are you?
24) 18) dialog: No, you're not. You're sippin' margaritas in El Ray. But we're not in El Ray. We're here -- getting ready to go in there. You're so pleased with yourself about getting into Mexico, you think the job's down. It ain't. Get back on the clock. That's a fuck-with-you-bar. We hang around there for a coupla hours, in all likelihood, we'll get fucked with. So get your shit together, brother.
24) 20) dialog: It don't look together.
24) 22) dialog: Okay, just checkin'. They walk toward the bar's entrance. Chet Pussy talks int the microphone.
24) 30) dialog: (slappin' Seth five)
24) 31) text: Your shit is forever together! They head for the door. Richard stays behind for a second and gives the fallen Chet a few, swift kicks,
24) 58) dialog: Good job, Pops. Seth's still frying an egg on his head.
24) 60) dialog: Fuck 'em, shake it off. Razor Charlie brings the bottle and the glasses. Seth loo at the guy, still pissed.
24) 64) dialog: Anytime you want a lap dance with that broad, say the word. It's on me, kiddo. He gives the boy's neck a squeeze. Jacob's eyes survey th surroundings. Big Emilio and Razor Charlie quietly exchan words about the party in Spanish.
24) 84) dialog: (to Seth)
24) 111) text: The lights go down low. A light hits the stage. The openi notes of the Coaster's "Down in Mexico" fills the room. The crowd hushes up. And on the stage steps SANTANICO PANDEMONIUM. This Mexican goddess is beautiful, but not the beauty tha Stendhal described in "As the Promise of Happiness," but the beauty of the siren who lures men to their doom. She dances to the raunchy music, not like she owned the stage, but like she owned the world. And if the patrons of the Titty Twister are her world, th world is proud to be her possession. All activity in the bar, save Santanico, stops. Even the Fuller/Gecko table falls under her spell. Especially Richard, Scott and Kate. Seth knows this song and accompanies from the table with the guitar. When the music builds to its explosive section. Santanico LEAPS from the stage, LANDING in the middle of room. She does an eyes-closed voodoo dance in perfect step with the beat. As the music continues to play, a very fucked-u looking Chet Pussy walks in. He goes over to Razor Charli and points at Seth's table, describing what happened. As the last verse plays, Santanico, like a snake, comes u from the ground, on top of the Fuller/Gecko table. Richard, Kate and Scott are enraptured. Santanico scans the table, zeroing in on our boy Richard. She STANDS OVER him. While moving her body to the music, she lifts up the whis bottle from the table, and pours the whiskey down her leg She lifts up her foot, with the whiskey dripping from her toes, and sticks it in Richard's face.
24) 113) text: Drink up. Richie, mesmerized, sucks the whiskey off her toes. The CROWD GOES WILD. Santanico smiles, master of all she surveys. Jacob and Scott are embarrassed. Kate, oddly enough, is turned on by the controlling power this woman has over a man she's deathly feared. Seth laughs out loud a Mexican "yi yi yiii" laugh, keepin the beat with his guitar. Across the room, Razor Charlie, Chet by his side, motions over Big Emilio. He begins explaining with pointing what Seth and company did to Chet. Richard continues to suck her toes. The song ends, Santanico extracts her foot from Richard's mouth. Steps off the table. Takes a drink of whiskey. Loo down at the seated Richard. She GRABS the back of his hair, YANKS his head BACK. His mouth OPENS because she's hurting him. She LEANS her FACE OVER his like she's going to kiss him. Then let's the whi from her mouth fall into his. They never touch. The crowd applauds. She lets go of Richard's hair. Except for Jacob and Richard, both for their own reasons, the table applau none louder than Seth.
24) 117) dialog: Yeah.
24) 119) dialog: (looking up at Santanico)
24) 133) text: This piece of shit broke my finger and my nose... (pointing at Richard)
24) 137) dialog: Fuck off, ape man! Big Emilio leans in with his beefy hand, GRABS Richard by the shoulder. Richard lets out a howl as blood pours from his wounded shoulder. Santanico steps back from the table. Seth jumps to his feet and FIRES a round from his .45 int Big Emilio, sending his bullet-ridden body to the floor. Razor Charlie whips out a straight version of his name sa and SLASHES Seth across the face. Seth SCREAMS at the top of his lungs as his hand goes up his laid open cheek. Richard, who has fallen to the ground holding his wound, brings up his .45 and starts BLASTING. Razor Charlie takes a bullet in the head, chest and belly before he hits the floor. Jacob and his children have hit the floor as well to stay out of gunfire. The bikers, truckers, waitresses and whores all stop what they were doing. The music continues to play, though the dancers stop dancing. Santanico, who's closest to the two brothers, smells something. Her NOSTRILS FLARE. Richard moves to his brother, who takes out a handkerchie and puts it to his face.
24) 138) dialog: How are you?
24) 144) text: Richie, look out! Before Richie can turn around. SANTANICO LEAPS ACROSS THE FLOOR, LANDS on his BACK and SINKS her FANGS into Richie's wounded SHOULDER. Richard LETS LOOSE with an agonizing SCREAM. Seth turns to his brother's cry. He sees SANTANICO PANDEMONIUM, like a mongoose attached t a cobra, legs wrapped around Richard's waist, fangs burie deep in his shoulder, and Richard screaming and slamming about, trying to knock her off. Richard screams to Seth:
24) 145) dialog: Shoot her! Shoot her! Get her off! Seth tries to aim his gun, but there's too much movement. can't get a clear shot. Jacob and his children can't believe what they're seeing. Richard can't take it anymore, his knees buckle. Santanic rides him down to the floor. Seth gets a clear shot, he takes aim and FIRES, hitting t vamp in the head, blowing her off his brother. Richard, who's on all fours, tries to stand and gets abou half way before he stops, saying:
24) 146) dialog: (with his dying breath)
24) 164) dialog: I'm glad you feel that way, Seth. I love you, too. Richard GRABS Seth by the front of his shirt and pulls hi down to him. Fangs are now exposed. Seth tries to pull aw He SCREAMS for the others to help. Richard PULLS Seth dow to striking distance and opens his mouth to take the big bite, when Sex Machine grabs Seth from behind and YANKS h from Richard's grasp. Jacob, Frost and the kids have surrounded Richard and proceed to KICK him and STOMP his head. Sex Machine picks up a chair and SMASHES it against wall. He picks up one of the chair legs and walks over to where the others are holding Richard down. Richard sees t wood in the biker's hand. He knows what that means. Seth whips out his .45 and points it at Sex Machine.
24) 170) dialog: Yeah, shut up. Seth, still holding the outstretched gun, takes the stake out of Sex Machine's hand. Seth lowers the .45.