24) 111) text: The lights go down low. A light hits the stage. The openi notes of the Coaster's "Down in Mexico" fills the room. The crowd hushes up. And on the stage steps SANTANICO PANDEMONIUM. This Mexican goddess is beautiful, but not the beauty tha Stendhal described in "As the Promise of Happiness," but the beauty of the siren who lures men to their doom. She dances to the raunchy music, not like she owned the stage, but like she owned the world. And if the patrons of the Titty Twister are her world, th world is proud to be her possession. All activity in the bar, save Santanico, stops. Even the Fuller/Gecko table falls under her spell. Especially Richard, Scott and Kate. Seth knows this song and accompanies from the table with the guitar. When the music builds to its explosive section. Santanico LEAPS from the stage, LANDING in the middle of room. She does an eyes-closed voodoo dance in perfect step with the beat. As the music continues to play, a very fucked-u looking Chet Pussy walks in. He goes over to Razor Charli and points at Seth's table, describing what happened. As the last verse plays, Santanico, like a snake, comes u from the ground, on top of the Fuller/Gecko table. Richard, Kate and Scott are enraptured. Santanico scans the table, zeroing in on our boy Richard. She STANDS OVER him. While moving her body to the music, she lifts up the whis bottle from the table, and pours the whiskey down her leg She lifts up her foot, with the whiskey dripping from her toes, and sticks it in Richard's face.
24) 112) dialog: (to Richard in Spanish)
24) 113) text: Drink up. Richie, mesmerized, sucks the whiskey off her toes. The CROWD GOES WILD. Santanico smiles, master of all she surveys. Jacob and Scott are embarrassed. Kate, oddly enough, is turned on by the controlling power this woman has over a man she's deathly feared. Seth laughs out loud a Mexican "yi yi yiii" laugh, keepin the beat with his guitar. Across the room, Razor Charlie, Chet by his side, motions over Big Emilio. He begins explaining with pointing what Seth and company did to Chet. Richard continues to suck her toes. The song ends, Santanico extracts her foot from Richard's mouth. Steps off the table. Takes a drink of whiskey. Loo down at the seated Richard. She GRABS the back of his hair, YANKS his head BACK. His mouth OPENS because she's hurting him. She LEANS her FACE OVER his like she's going to kiss him. Then let's the whi from her mouth fall into his. They never touch. The crowd applauds. She lets go of Richard's hair. Except for Jacob and Richard, both for their own reasons, the table applau none louder than Seth.
24) 121) dialog: (to Richard)
24) 122) text: Muy bien, gracias. Santanico sits down next to Richie. Seth pours her a drin
24) 142) text: Looks up and watches, eyes wide with fear, Santanico's transformation. Her NOSE RECEDES INTO her face like a rodent's. The white of her eyes turn YELLOW. The FANGS of a beast PROTRUDE fr her mouth. Kate yells from the floor.
24) 144) text: Richie, look out! Before Richie can turn around. SANTANICO LEAPS ACROSS THE FLOOR, LANDS on his BACK and SINKS her FANGS into Richie's wounded SHOULDER. Richard LETS LOOSE with an agonizing SCREAM. Seth turns to his brother's cry. He sees SANTANICO PANDEMONIUM, like a mongoose attached t a cobra, legs wrapped around Richard's waist, fangs burie deep in his shoulder, and Richard screaming and slamming about, trying to knock her off. Richard screams to Seth:
24) 150) dialog: Let's see if you taste as good as your brother. She approaches Seth, who FIRES at her. BAM... BAM... BAM. CLICK... CLICK... CLICK... CLICK. She laughs and gives he hair a toss back. Seth, moving backwards, is terrified. Santanico gives Seth a SWINGING ROUND HOUSE PUNCH to the JAW, that sends him FLYING over a table, SLIDING ACROSS t FLOOR and INTO the WALL. A bad-ass biker named FROST, with a hideous burn on the side of his face, stands on top of a pool table, swinging pool cue, left to right, fending off vamps. Big Emilio picks up a biker who stabbed him with a switchblade and throws the poor bastard from one end of t bar to the other. The biker-winner of the bare knuckle fight, SEX MACHINE, goes head to head with a stripper. The vamp might have superhuman strength, but Sex Machine close to superhuman strength, and he's matching the vamp bitch blow for blow. Then he GRABS her by the waist, LIFTS her up over his hea and BRINGS her DOWN HARD on an upturned table, IMPALING h on the wooden leg. FROST is still swinging his POOL CUE, when Razor Charlie appears, straight razor in hand. Frost JUMPS off the table to meet the challenge. Razor Charlie SWINGS at him, Frost LEAPS back, SWINGING his poo cue at him. They do this dance, till Frost CRACKS Charlie UPSIDE the HEAD with the pool cue, breaking it in half. Charlie FEELS the HIT. Frost PLUNGES the splintered end o the cue in Razor Charlie's heart. Green blood comes out of his chest, as Charlie screams th vampire's death scream. Seth comes to and finds Santanico standing over him. He tries to rise, but Santanico places her bare foot on his chest, pinning him down to the floor. He tries to move, b the pressure of her foot is equivalent to an engine block placed on his chest.
24) 151) dialog: I'm not gonna drain you completely. You're gonna turn for me, You'll be my slave. You'll live for me. You'll eat bugs because I order it. Because I don't think you're worthy of human blood, you'll feed on the blood of stray dogs. You'll be my foot stool. And at my command, you'll lick the dog shit from my boot heel. Since you'll be my dog, your new name will be "Spot". Welcome to slavery. SLOW MOTION: A WHISKEY BOTTLE FLIES THROUGH the AIR, sail end over end.
24) 152) text: looking down at Seth, her face contorts to FEED MODE, whe the bottle HITS her SQUARE in the HEAD, SHATTERING. We see that Jacob behind the bar threw it. Santanico, bathed in whiskey and broken glass, is momentarily dazed. She looks down at Seth. Seth sits up, .45 in hand, and fires. Santanico is HIT in the CHEST. The bullet from the gun ma the liquor-soaked robe ignite. Santanico SCREAMS as she GOES UP IN FLAMES. Big Emilio sees Santanico's fiery death. He lets out a cr