5) 0) text: Emma and Pete's PATRONS are made up of regulars, truckers cowboys and road-weary travelers. The CAMERA DOLLIES thro the maze of tables, patrons, and waitresses. It stops when it gets to a table occupied by the FULLER FAMILY. The Fullers definitely fall into the road-weary category. The members of the unit consist of the father, JACOB, age 44, an ex-preacher, a good man with rough edge and his two children, KATE, age 19, is a young beauty who possesses what can only be described as an apple pie sensuality. She is dressed like a nice Christian girl, complete with crucifix. SCOTT, age 16, is a Jacob's Vietnamese adopted son. Scott is a likable, long-haired k who always wears a T-shirt with the name of the heavy met garage band he plays guitar for, "Precinct 13." The three of them are wolfing down a late lunch.
5) 2) dialog: Stop? We're not going to actually stop at a motel, are we? Scott and Kate speak together, obviously repeating someth that Jacob has said about three hundred times.
5) 3) dialog: We've got a Winnebago. We don't need those over priced roach havens. We're self contained.
5) 5) dialog: Why, just look at all this. You got your kitchen --
5) 7) dialog: -- you got your sink --
5) 9) dialog: -- see this, television!
5) 12) dialog: (to Kate)
5) 18) dialog: Why do you want to stop?
5) 20) dialog: Lie in the back, Dad, I'll drive us into Mexico. Jacob gives Scott a look that says, "You aren't touching new motor home."
5) 23) dialog: I'll be right back. I'm gonna go to the bathroom. Scott gets up from the table and walks out back to the restroom. Jacob and Kate are left alone. There's an awkward moment silence before...
15) 0) text: Scott and Kate are in the front seat of their parked moto home. The motor home's parked in front of the Dew Drop Inn's front office. We see Jacob inside getting a room fr the Old-Timer.
16) 0) text: Seth walks out of room #9 with a beer in his hand. He's thinking about how he's going to get over the border tonight. Lost in thought, he steps out in the path of the Fuller's motor home. Jacob slams on the brakes. Seth jumps back, startled. Bot Kate and Scott are TOSSED out of their seats onto the flo THUD... THUD...
16) 5) dialog: What's this guy's problem?
17) 0) text: The Fullers are in room #12. It's identical to the one th the Gecko boys are in, except that the paintings above th beds are different. Jacob has fallen asleep in his clothe on the bed. Scott sits in a chair, headphones on, playing an unplugge electric guitar. Kate is nowhere in sight. KNOCK... KNOCK... KNOCK... on the door. Scott doesn't hea shit but his music. Jacob stirs a bit, but doesn't wake u POUND... POUND... POUND... on the door. Jacob SPRINGS UP. He looks over at Scott, who, lost in guitar heaven, is oblivious of the knocker, then to the door.
17) 17) text: Okay, move the Jap over there. Keeping the gun in Scott's mouth, Richard makes Scott ris
17) 28) text: Stop! Jacob and Scott freeze. Richard moves like quicksilver, shutting the door and positioning himself behind the terrified Kate.
17) 64) text: this is fuckin' this. (he calms down and looks at Scott)
17) 65) text: Go sit over there. Scott gets up and walks to the other side of the room, leaving the two men alone. Seth speaks in a quiet, conversational tone.
19) 0) text: Richard's in the back with Kate and Scott. Richard, expressionless, looks at Kate's bare feet.
21) 7) dialog: What are you gonna do?
21) 9) dialog: No, dad, you gotta tell 'em that they're back there. Jacob is surprised to hear Scott say this.
22) 27) dialog: They're gonna kill us. They get us across the border, they're gonna take us out in the desert and shoot us.
22) 29) dialog: Dad, I watch those reality shows. They never let anybody go. Any cop will tell you, in a situation like this, you get a chance, you go for it. This is our chance.
22) 31) dialog: They're gonna kill her anyway. At least now with all these cops we've got a fighting chance.
22) 33) dialog: If trusting you means trusting those fuckin' killers, I can't do that. If you don't tell the cops, I will. Jacob grabs Scott by the front of his shirt, and yanks hi to him.
22) 35) dialog: He's running the show.
22) 60) dialog: It's clear. Seth BURSTS out of the bathroom.
22) 64) text: We're in Mexico. Seth throws his head back and SCREAMS for joy. Kate, emerging from the bathroom, reacts to Seth's scream along with Scott. Seth is so happy that he does a little jig in the back of the van. Everybody else is still tense as shit. But Seth lets go o all his tension, and becomes a new man before our eyes. H turns to Kate.
24) 74) text: Scotty? Scott shakes his head no.
24) 76) text: How 'bout you? (pointing at Scott and Kate)
24) 77) text: are safer in here with us than wandering around a Mexican border town all night long. Just don't do nothin' stupid and we'll all get along fine. (to Scott)
24) 78) text: Scotty, you sure you don't want a drink?
24) 79) dialog: Okay, I'll have one.
24) 106) dialog: Yeah, it's mine.
24) 111) text: The lights go down low. A light hits the stage. The openi notes of the Coaster's "Down in Mexico" fills the room. The crowd hushes up. And on the stage steps SANTANICO PANDEMONIUM. This Mexican goddess is beautiful, but not the beauty tha Stendhal described in "As the Promise of Happiness," but the beauty of the siren who lures men to their doom. She dances to the raunchy music, not like she owned the stage, but like she owned the world. And if the patrons of the Titty Twister are her world, th world is proud to be her possession. All activity in the bar, save Santanico, stops. Even the Fuller/Gecko table falls under her spell. Especially Richard, Scott and Kate. Seth knows this song and accompanies from the table with the guitar. When the music builds to its explosive section. Santanico LEAPS from the stage, LANDING in the middle of room. She does an eyes-closed voodoo dance in perfect step with the beat. As the music continues to play, a very fucked-u looking Chet Pussy walks in. He goes over to Razor Charli and points at Seth's table, describing what happened. As the last verse plays, Santanico, like a snake, comes u from the ground, on top of the Fuller/Gecko table. Richard, Kate and Scott are enraptured. Santanico scans the table, zeroing in on our boy Richard. She STANDS OVER him. While moving her body to the music, she lifts up the whis bottle from the table, and pours the whiskey down her leg She lifts up her foot, with the whiskey dripping from her toes, and sticks it in Richard's face.
24) 113) text: Drink up. Richie, mesmerized, sucks the whiskey off her toes. The CROWD GOES WILD. Santanico smiles, master of all she surveys. Jacob and Scott are embarrassed. Kate, oddly enough, is turned on by the controlling power this woman has over a man she's deathly feared. Seth laughs out loud a Mexican "yi yi yiii" laugh, keepin the beat with his guitar. Across the room, Razor Charlie, Chet by his side, motions over Big Emilio. He begins explaining with pointing what Seth and company did to Chet. Richard continues to suck her toes. The song ends, Santanico extracts her foot from Richard's mouth. Steps off the table. Takes a drink of whiskey. Loo down at the seated Richard. She GRABS the back of his hair, YANKS his head BACK. His mouth OPENS because she's hurting him. She LEANS her FACE OVER his like she's going to kiss him. Then let's the whi from her mouth fall into his. They never touch. The crowd applauds. She lets go of Richard's hair. Except for Jacob and Richard, both for their own reasons, the table applau none louder than Seth.
26) 12) dialog: (yelling)
26) 13) text: We got a problem! Seth, who is barricading doors and window, looks in Scott direction. The hole in the plaster cracks open and out PO a little, fleshy vampire bat/rat head. The bat/rat, which SQUEAKING and HISSING its head off, tries to SQUEEZE its body through the newly formed hole. Seth, gun in hand, RUNS to the window. He points the .45, point-blank range at the head of the bat/rat. The bat/rat sees this, makes an "oh shit" face, and YANKS his head back through the hole. Seth was ready to fire, he lowers his gun in bewilderment when...
26) 24) dialog: What are you talking about? We got crosses all over the place. All you gotta do is put two sticks together and you got a cross.
26) 31) dialog: That's werewolves.
26) 36) dialog: When's sunrise? Jacob looks at his watch.
26) 49) dialog: You could take their head off.
26) 80) dialog: He's right, Kate. Daddy's dead! He was too far away. If flinging that door and filling this room with those bat-things would save him, I'd fling it. The only thing it'll do is turn us into one of them.
26) 82) dialog: He's beyond our help. You saw him get bit. I saw him get bit. We all saw it. You can't help him. I've got no one left to lose but you. I can't be alone again. We're sticking together. Just then they hear Jacob's voice BOOMING from the bar ro
27) 18) text: The survivors are opening boxes and prying open crates. A lot of what they find is bullshit. Pantyhose, coffee, teddy bears, etc. But a few of the boxes are just what th doctor ordered. Cases from a sporting good supplier yield a shipment of baseball bats. Meant to arrive at toy store are a shipment of Uzi replica squirt guns and a box of balloons. And captured en route to a hardware store are shipments of power tools, saws and jack hammers. Seth and Scott saw the bats into wooden stakes. Kate fills the Uzi squirt guns with tap water from the backroom sink. Jacob, with Seth's knife, etches a cross into every bulle in the .45 automatic's last full clip of ammo. Vampires all start converging on the back room door, getting their courage back. Kate makes water balloons. Scott sharpens the stakes to a point with the tools. Seth attaches a wooden stake to the end of a jackhammer. Jacob blesses the water in the squirt guns and balloons, turning it into holy water. Our heroes work together, preparing for the battle to com The back room door, barricaded with crates and boxes, begins to be pounded on by the undead on the other side. The room tone is a combination of chewing, scratching, pounding, squeaking and screaming. Finally they're ready. Jacob turns to his kids.
27) 24) dialog: Yeah, I promise. Jacob doesn't believe them.
27) 32) dialog: You don't believe in suicide.
27) 34) dialog: Okay, I'll kill you when you change, I swear to God in Jesus Christ's name.
28) 0) text: The vampires, bat-things and what have you, start BREAKIN down the door. They are in a mad frenzy. They burst throu the door. Waiting for them are Scott and Kate holding Uzi squirt gu and water balloons draped down their chests on a belt lik grenades. Jacob is holding a cross made of sharp wooden stakes and the .45 with the cross bullets. Seth is holdin the jackhammer. The survivors walk out of the back room into the bar. The vamps back up, letting them inside. What we have here is a Mexican standoff, a la "The Wild Bunch." A moment of peace before the battle. The vamps ju watch the humans. The humans just watch the vamps. Then, like the bull in the china shop, Seth ends the peace by starting up the jackhammer.
28) 2) dialog: (yelling)
28) 17) dialog: I swear to God, in Jesus Christ's name. He FIRES, sending a holy bullet into Jacob's forehead, creating a hole from which fire shoots out. Jacob's entir head bursts into flames, then explodes. From across the room, Fate sees her daddy ignite. She cries out. In the thick of the battle, Seth yells:
28) 21) dialog: Kill me, Kate!  Kate runs for her brother, does a DIVE and a ROLL, coming up by the .45, SNATCHING it in one motion and FIRING thre times. One... two... three bat-things are hit, shoot flames, the all of them EXPLODE, BLOWING UP Scott. The remaining vamps approach. All the humans have left is a few bullets and one holy balloon.