2) 20) text: Or that little girl? Or your bosombuddy with the badge? Or yourself? I don't wanna do it, but I'll turn this fuckin' store into the Wild Bunch if I even think you're fuckin' with me. The two men in black suits are the notorious Abilene bank robbers, SETH and RICHARD GECKO, "The Gecko Brothers And the other customers are all being held hostage. Seth is the one with the prep girl. Richard is the one with the blonde. Everybody speaks low and fast.
2) 22) dialog: Letting him use your toilet? No store does that.
2) 24) dialog: I want that son-of-a-bitch out outta here, in his car, and down the road or you can change the name of this place to "Benny's World of Blood." Richard, holding tightly the hand of the terrified girl, leans next to Seth's ear and whispers something. Seth loo at Pete.
2) 25) dialog: Were you giving that pig signals?
2) 27) dialog: He says you were scratching.
2) 29) dialog: You callin' him a liar? Pete controls himself.
2) 33) dialog: Yeah, well, your best better get a helluva lot fuckin' better, or you're gonna feel a helluva fuckin' lot worse. The toilet FLUSHES.
2) 34) dialog: Everybody be cool. Everybody goes back to what they were doing. McGraw steps back out of the back. He appears to be unawa of the situation.
2) 37) dialog: (to Richard)
2) 42) text: I didn't. (to Seth)
2) 47) dialog: What the fuck is wrong with you --
2) 49) dialog: Start the car.
2) 51) dialog: Shut up and start the car. Richard walks away from Seth and crosses the counter... ...when Pete SPRINGS up, gun in hand, and SHOOTS Richard the hand. Richard FALLS to his knees, howling. Both Pete and Seth SPRAY the store with gunfire. Seth DIVES down an aisle. He reloads. Pete DUCKS behind the counter. He reloads. Richard has crawled to safety behind an aisle. The two girls have run out screaming.
2) 52) dialog: (yelling)
2) 58) dialog: (yelling)
2) 62) dialog: (yelling)
2) 65) dialog: One... Two... Three. The two brothers start FIRING toward the counter. They HIT the bottles of alcohol on the shelf behind Pete. Pete is crouched on the ground as glass, debris and alcoh RAIN down on him. Seth grabs a roll of paper towels from off a shelf. Richard keeps FIRING. Seth douses the paper towels with lighter fluid, sets it fire with his Zippo, then tosses it. The flaming roll of paper towels FLIES through the air. The fireball lands behind the counter. The entire counter area immediately BURSTS INTO FLAMES. P screams from behind the counter. Seth smiles to himself and stands. Richard shakes his head in amusement and stands. Pete runs out from behind the counter, ENGULFED IN FLAMES still holding his weapon and FIRING. Seth and Richard hit the ground FIRING their .45's. Pete, the human torch, FALLS like a tree into the Hostess Pastry display. Seth and Richard rise from the rubble.
3) 1) dialog: What did I tell you? What did I tell you? Buy the road map and leave.
3) 3) dialog: He didn't recognize shit. Both Seth and Richard stand on opposite sides of the car.
3) 5) dialog: Low profile. Do you know what the words "low profile" mean? CLOSE-UP: SETH'S FOOT PUNCHES GAS. The Plymouth tears out of the parking lot backwards, hits the street, and speeds off down the road. We CRANE UP HIGH to see the car leaving a trail of dust behind it, as the store burns out of control. OPENING CREDIT SEQUENCE. Raunchy, honky-tonk MUSIC fills the theater.
3) 7) text: The Plymouth tears ass across Texas plains. As TITLES PLA OVER, we see Seth and Richard enjoying their getaway/road trip. Seth behind the wheel, pops open a bottle of prescription pills, empties out four of the red capsules his hand, pops them in his mouth, and washes it back with slug of Jack Daniel's from a pint bottle. Richard looks at Seth through the hole in his hand. Like boxer, Richard wraps his wounded hand with gaffer's tape. The camera leaves the boys, as they woosh down the street and goes along the length of the car to the trunk. It han on the trunk. Then we see through the trunk, like Superma AN OLDER WOMAN tied up and helpless in the trunk. The rest of the titles play over black as the song continues.
6) 0) text: Seth stands at the front desk of the Dew Drop Inn. A standard issue Texas motel. Richard sits outside in the c Nobody responds to the bell. Seth BANGS it impatiently fi times.
6) 4) dialog: Whatcha think I want, ya mean old bastard? I wanna room.
7) 0) text: Richard sits in the car listening to Merle Haggard on the radio. He watches from his perspective, Seth taking the walking outside and getting in the car. Seth starts it up and drives them to their room.
7) 2) dialog: No.
7) 4) dialog: No.
7) 6) dialog: They don't have anything except four walls and a roof, and that's all we need. Their car drives up to room #9, but they park backing up trunk close to the door. The two brothers get out of the car.
7) 7) dialog: (tossing Richie the motel keys)
7) 8) text: Open the door. We gotta do this fast. Richie opens the door. Seth goes to the trunk, looks around the court yard. It's empty. CLOSE UP: KEY going into the trunk lock, turning. TRUNK POV: Seth looking into the camera. SETH'S POV: A WOMAN in her late forties is lying scrunche up in the trunk. She is the HOSTAGE BANK TELLER from Abilene. She's stiff, scared and looks an absolute mess.
7) 9) dialog: Don't say a word. The two brothers, quick as lightening, yank the woman out the trunk and whisk her into the motel room. SETH closes trunk, looks around for any Johnny eye-witnesses, doesn't see any, slams the door.
8) 0) text: Seth turns from the door, sees the hostage woman standing
8) 1) dialog: You. Plant yourself in that chair. She sits down in the chair.
8) 3) dialog: -- I said plant yourself. Plants don't talk. You wanna get on my good side? Just sit still and don't make a peep. She shuts up. Richard slowly takes off his jacket. He winces from his wound.
8) 4) dialog: Let me help you. He helps him get his jacket off.
8) 5) dialog: How's it feel?
8) 7) dialog: I got both rooms on either side of us, so we don't gotta worry about eavesdropping assholes. How's that feel? You okay?
8) 9) dialog: I'm gonna go get the money. He heads for the door.
9) 0) text: Seth goes into the car, takes out a big suitcase. He scan the perimeter with his eyes, goes back inside.
10) 0) text: Seth comes back in, lays the suitcase on the bed. Richie the TV remote control in his hand and he's flipping stations. Seth looks at his watch.
10) 1) dialog: It's about five o'clock. (to hostage)
10) 4) dialog: Good. I'm going towards the border to check things out while it's still daylight. Call Carlos and arrange the rendezvous.
10) 6) dialog: That's their standard deal, brother. They ain't about to change it for us.
10) 8) dialog: These guys ain't spic fire cracker salesman from Tijuana. They don't even know the meaning of the word "barter". You wanna stay in El Ray? You give them thirty percent of your loot. It's scripture. So it is written, so shall it be done. You want sanctuary, you pay the price, and the price is thirty percent.
10) 10) dialog: -- This conversation is over. Richie shrugs and turns back to TV, Seth turns to the hostage, grabs a chair and slides it up in front of her.
10) 11) dialog: Now, we need to have a talk. What's your name?
10) 13) dialog: Hello, Gloria, I'm Seth and that's my brother Richie. Let's cut to the chase. I'm gonna ask you a question and all I want is a yes or no answer. Do you want to live through this?
10) 15) dialog: Good. Then let me explain the house rules. Follow the rules, we'll get along like a house on fire. Rule number one: No noise, no question. You make a noise... (he holds up his .45)
10) 18) dialog: Rule number two: You do what we say, when we say it. If you don't, see rule number one. Seth takes the .45, places the barrel next to the woman's cheek. She squirms and shuts her eyes. He pulls back the hammer.
10) 19) dialog: Rule number three: Don't you ever try and fuckin' run on us. 'Cause I got five little friends, and they all run faster 'n you can. Got it? She nods her head yes. He takes the gun away and replaces the hammer.
10) 20) dialog: Open your eyes. She does.
10) 21) dialog: Gloria, you hang in there, follow the rules, and don't fuck with us, you'll get out of this alive. I give you my word. Okay? She nods her head yes. Seth rises.
10) 22) dialog: I'll be back in a bit. He exits. Richard looks to the TV, then looks to Gloria sitting across the room in the chair.
11) 0) text: A phone booth outside of a gas station. Seth is in the middle of a conversation with the party on the other end.
11) 1) dialog: Things are real hot here. Crossing's gonna be a bitch. (pause)
11) 7) text: Bye, my friend. Seth hangs up the phone, lights up a cigarette with his Zippo lighter and exits frame. After Seth exits, leaving the frame empty, a subtitle appears: EL PASO
12) 4) dialog: 
14) 42) dialog: Sight seein'.
14) 44) dialog: Cops.
14) 46) dialog: Yeah, I saw the border. Through binoculars from on top of a high building. That's about as close as I risked getting. What's the TV say?
14) 48) dialog: (to himself)
14) 51) dialog: Richie, it's gonna get a lot fuckin' worse before it gets any fuckin' better. We showed our ass in Texas. We killed Texas fuckin' Rangers. They ain't gonna stop lookin' till they find us, and when they find us, they're gonna kill us. Texans take it very personal when ya kill their law enforcement officers. The El Paso police have already started a motel and hotel search for us.
14) 53) dialog: I heard it on the radio. We gotta get our asses into Mexico tonight. Carlos is gonna meet us tomorrow morning at a rendezvous on the other side, then Carlos and his boys will escort us to El Ray and -- Seth stops talking and looks around.
14) 54) dialog: Where's the woman?
14) 56) dialog: What'd ya mean, what? The fuckin' woman, the hostage. Where the fuck is she, Richard!?
14) 58) dialog: What the fuck is she doin' there?! He goes to the door of the adjoining room.
14) 60) dialog: (to himself)
14) 63) dialog: Yeah, explain it to me. I need an explanation. What's the matter with you?
14) 66) dialog: No. (pause)
14) 69) dialog: (slowly approaching)
14) 72) dialog: Is this my fault? Do you think this is what I am?
14) 74) dialog: This is not me! I am a professional fucking thief. I steal money. You try to stop me, god help you. But I don't kill people I don't have to, and I don't rape women. What you doin' ain't how it's done. Do you understand?
14) 76) dialog: Just say yes! Nothing else, just say yes.
14) 78) dialog: Yes, Seth, I understand.
14) 80) dialog: (whispers in Richie's ear)
16) 0) text: Seth walks out of room #9 with a beer in his hand. He's thinking about how he's going to get over the border tonight. Lost in thought, he steps out in the path of the Fuller's motor home. Jacob slams on the brakes. Seth jumps back, startled. Bot Kate and Scott are TOSSED out of their seats onto the flo THUD... THUD...
16) 10) dialog: The Sword of Damocles is lifted from above Seth's head. H just solved a problem that a mere thirty seconds ago seem unsolvable. He knows exactly how he's going to cross the border. Whistling a happy tune, he turns and walks back i room #9.
17) 7) text: Sure. We follow Jacob as he turns to the dresser to get the mot ice bucket. He grabs it, turns back to the door, takes a couple of steps towards it, then stops: in his tracks. He sees Richard and Seth both inside the room with the do closed, both with .45's in their hands, both aimed at him
17) 9) dialog: It's called a punch. Scott suddenly becomes aware of what's going on around hi and instinctively stands. Richard shoves his .45 in Scott mouth.
17) 12) dialog: (to Jacob)
17) 15) dialog: Okay, Jacob, get up and sit your ass down on the bed. Make a wrong move and I'll shoot you in the face. Jacob rises and sits on the edge of the bed.
17) 16) dialog: (to Richard)
17) 19) dialog: (to his hostages)
17) 22) dialog: How does that happen? You don't look Japanese.
17) 24) dialog: Oh, well, excuse me all to hell.
17) 26) dialog: It's about money, all right, but not yours. You see, me and my brother here are in a little hot water and we need your assistance. The door to room #12 opens and a dripping wet, bikini cla Kate walks in. The brothers spin their guns in her direction. Kate, startled, screams. Jacob and Scott get on their fee and move forward. Seth spins back towards the two men, gu ready to spit.
17) 27) dialog: (to Scott and Jacob)
17) 33) dialog: Just listen to daddy, sugar, and don't do nothin' stupid. (he turns to Jacob and Scott, who are still standing)
17) 34) text: You two, Simon says sit the fuck down! They slowly sit. Richard can't take his eyes off the dripping wet Kate. Both Jacob and Seth see this and neither men like it. Bot for their own reasons.
17) 35) dialog: (to Jacob)
17) 38) dialog: Richie, take the keys. Start that big bastard up, and drive it up front. Richard doesn't move from his position behind Kate. Kate feels his eyes on her. She slowly turns and looks at him. He looks in her face.
17) 45) dialog: Richard! Richard's eyes go to Seth. Everybody is where they were. Kate never turned around.
17) 46) dialog: Not when you get around to it, now. Without saying a word, he takes the keys and leaves the room.
17) 47) dialog: (pointing at Kate)
17) 48) text: You, Gidget, go in the bathroom and put on some clothes. She grabs some clothes from the floor and moves towards t bathroom. Seth GRABS her wrist.
17) 49) dialog: You got three minutes. One second longer, I shoot your father in the face. Do you understand what I just said?
17) 51) dialog: Do you believe me?
17) 53) dialog: You damn well better. Go. She goes into the bathroom.
17) 55) dialog: Sorry, Pops, it ain't gonna be that easy. We hear the motor home "HONK" twice outside.
17) 56) dialog: Get ready to move out, we're all going on a little ride. Jacob shakes his head "no."
17) 58) dialog: Come again?
17) 60) dialog: Sorry, I need everybody.
17) 62) dialog: (angry)
17) 65) text: Go sit over there. Scott gets up and walks to the other side of the room, leaving the two men alone. Seth speaks in a quiet, conversational tone.
17) 66) dialog: I ain't got time to fuck around with you, so I'll make this simple. Take your kids and get in the car, or I'll execute all three of you right now. (he cocks the gun and puts it right in Jacob's face)
17) 69) dialog: Good. (to Scott)
17) 70) text: Your old man's all right, he just saved your life. Seth BANGS on the bathroom door.
17) 71) dialog: Times up, Princess. The bathroom door opens. Kate stands there, wearing a T-shirt, jeans and bare feet.
17) 72) dialog: Okay, ramblers, let's get to rambling.
18) 8) dialog: (reading his driver's license)
18) 12) dialog: Scott and Kate... Kate and Scott... Scott Fuller... Kate Fuller... Seth comes to a snapshot of Jacob and his wife.
18) 13) dialog: Who's this?
18) 15) dialog: Where is the little lady?
18) 17) dialog: She's dead?
18) 19) dialog: How'd she die?
18) 21) dialog: Come on, gimme some more details. How'd it happen? Some fuckin' drunk kill her?
18) 23) dialog: Died instantly?
18) 25) dialog: Whewww! Those acts of God really stick it in and break it off, don't they?
18) 27) dialog: Is this real?
18) 29) dialog: I've seen one of these before. A friend of mine had himself declared a minister of his own religion. Away to fuck the IRS. Is that what you're doing, or are you the real McCoy?
18) 31) dialog: You're a preacher?
18) 33) dialog: Was? As in not anymore?
18) 35) dialog: Why'd ya quit?
18) 37) dialog: I seem to have touched a nerve. Don't be so sensitive, Pops, let's keep this friendly. But you're right, enough with the getting to know you shit. Now, there's two ways we can play this hand. One way is me and you go round an' round all fuckin' night. The other way, is we reach some sort of an understanding. Now, if we go down that first path at the end of the day, I'll win. But we go down the second, we'll both win. Now, I don't give a rat's ass about you or your fuckin' family. Y'all can live forever or die this second and I don't care which. The only things I do care about are me that son-of-a-bitch in the back, and our money. And right now I need to get those three things into Mexico. Now, stop me if I'm wrong, but I take it you don't give a shit about seeing me and my brother receiving justice, or the bank getting its money back. Right now all you care about is the safety of your daughter, your son and possibly yourself. Am I correct?
18) 39) dialog: I thought so. You help us get across the border without incident, stay with us the rest of the night without trying anything funny, and in the morning we'll let you and your family go. That way everybody gets what they want. You and your kids get out of this alive and we get into Mexico. Everybody's happy.
18) 41) dialog: Jesus Christ, Pops, don't start with this shit.
18) 43) dialog: Look, dickhead, the only thing you need to be convinced about is that you're stuck in a situation with a coupla real mean motor scooters. I don't wanna hafta worry about you all fuckin' night. And I don't think you wanna be worrying about my brother's intentions toward your daughter all night. You notice the way he looked at her, didn't ya?
18) 45) dialog: Didn't like it, did ya?
18) 47) dialog: Didn't think so. So, as I was saying, I'm willing to make a deal. You behave, get us into Mexico, and don't try to escape. I'll keep my brother off your daughter and let you all loose in the morning.
18) 49) dialog: I can handle Richie, don't worry. The two men look at each other for some measure of trust. Seth sticks out his hand.
18) 50) dialog: I give you my word. Seth can't help but think about the last time he gave his word.
18) 51) dialog: (hand sticks out)
18) 52) text: My words, my law. Better you not take it, and that's just where we are, then take it and not mean it. Jacob takes his hand, but looks right into Seth.
18) 54) dialog: Fair enough. You break your word, I'll kill all of you. (calling to the back)
18) 57) dialog: You must have a bible in here, don't cha?
18) 59) dialog: Get it and bring it up here, will ya, please? Kate goes into a drawer, pulls out a bible and brings it front.
18) 60) dialog: Hold it right there, sweetie pie. (to Jacob)
18) 62) dialog: Swear to God, on the Bible, you won't try to escape and you'll get us across the border.
18) 64) dialog: You best better get it done, Pops. Seth places his hand on the Bible.
18) 65) dialog: I swear to God I'll let you loose in the morning. And your daughter will be safe. And I also swear if you do anything to fuck me up, I'll slit all your throats.
19) 16) dialog: Richard!
19) 18) text: What? Seth and Jacob.
19) 19) dialog: I told you to watch those kids, I didn't say talk to 'em. You guys ain't got nothin' to say to one another. So cut the chatter. Richard turns to Kate.
21) 0) text: Jacob at the wheel, Seth in the passenger seat. Seth jump up and goes into action.
21) 1) dialog: Okay everybody, it's show time. Richie, take Kate in the bathroom. Richard grabs the terrified Kate and drags her in the bat
21) 2) dialog: Scott, you come up front with your daddy. Scott does. Seth, keeping low, gets behind Jacob.
21) 4) dialog: As long as you're cool, she'll be cool. What're ya gonna say?
21) 6) dialog: Well, you just keep thinkin' of that gun next to Kate's temple. Seth disappears into the bathroom with Kate and Richard, closing the door behind him. Father and son are alone for the first time since this wh thing began.
22) 0) text: The bathroom, which consists of a shower, a toilet and a small sink, is a tight fit with three people in it. Richard has his back against the wall, with his arm aroun Kate, holding her in front of him. One hand is over her mouth, the other holds a .45 against her head. Kate's eyes are wide with fear. Seth stands, .45 in hand, ready to fire if the wrong pers should open the door. Everybody talks low and quiet.
22) 2) dialog: Shut up. It's gonna work just fine,
22) 4) dialog: Duly noted. Now, shut up. Everyone's quiet for a second, till Richard breaks it.
22) 7) dialog: (offhand)
22) 10) dialog: (distracted)
22) 13) dialog: No, I didn't.
22) 15) dialog: Take a pill, kid. I just meant stay cool.
22) 17) dialog: (serious as a heart attack)
22) 21) dialog: (real quiet and violent)
22) 43) dialog: This ain't the time.
22) 61) dialog: Goddamn, that was. intense! Seth goes to the back window. He sees the border getting farther and farther away. No cars following.
22) 62) dialog: (to himself)
22) 64) text: We're in Mexico. Seth throws his head back and SCREAMS for joy. Kate, emerging from the bathroom, reacts to Seth's scream along with Scott. Seth is so happy that he does a little jig in the back of the van. Everybody else is still tense as shit. But Seth lets go o all his tension, and becomes a new man before our eyes. H turns to Kate.
22) 65) dialog: (loud and happy)
22) 67) dialog: (to Kate)
22) 69) dialog: If I was a bit younger, baby, I'd fuckin' marry you! Seth goes up front and slaps Jacob on the back.
22) 70) dialog: I gotta hand it to ya, Pops, you raised a fuckin' woman. Jacob doesn't share Seth's enthusiasm, but he is relieved
22) 72) dialog: Pops, when you're right, you're right, and you are right.
22) 75) dialog: In the morning, darlin', in the morning, we are G-O-N-E and you are F-R-E-E. Now, I know I put you guys through hell, and I know I've been one rough pecker, but from here on end you guys are in my cool book. Scotty, help me pick Richie up, and lay him down. Jacob, keep going on this road till you get to a sign that says, "Digayo." When you get to Digayo, turn this big bastard left, go on down for a few miles, then you see a bar called "The Titty Twister." From what I hear, you can't miss it.
22) 77) dialog: Then stop, 'cause that's where we're going. He slaps him once again on the back, and leaves to attend to Richard.
22) 79) dialog: C'mon, kid, wake up. Don't make a career out of it. Richard starts coming to and opens his eyes. Seth sits at foot of the bed.
22) 80) dialog: You okay?
22) 83) dialog: I don't know, you just passed out.
22) 85) dialog: Yeah, we were just standing there. You said something about your shoulder hurting, then you just hit the ground like a sack of potatoes.
22) 87) dialog: Yeah, when you fell your head smacked the toilet hard. It scared the shit outta me. Sure you're okay?
22) 89) dialog: Well, let me tell ya something, gonna clear your head right up. We are officially Mexicans.
22) 91) dialog: We are... (singing)
22) 94) dialog: Yep. We're heading for the rendezvous right now. We get there, we pound booze till Carlos shows up, he escorts us to El Ray. And then me and you, brother, kick fuckin' back. How ya like them apples? Slowly shaking the cobwebs out of his head.
22) 97) dialog: They broke when you fell.
22) 99) dialog: Don't worry about it, we'll get you some glasses.
22) 101) dialog: When we get to El Ray, I'll take care of it.
22) 103) dialog: It's not a big deal, unless you make it a big deal. Now, I'm real happy, Richie, stop bringing me down with bullshit. Jacob calls to the back.
23) 1) dialog: (to the group)
23) 3) dialog: Okay hard drinkers, let's drink hard. I'm buyin'.
24) 2) dialog: Shit, I been to bars make this place look like a fuckin' 4-H club.
24) 4) dialog: (in a baby talk voice)
24) 7) dialog: That's how you're lookin', Richie.
24) 9) dialog: That's what you look like.
24) 11) dialog: No, Richie, what do I look like?
24) 13) dialog: How?
24) 15) dialog: What do you mean?
24) 17) dialog: I'm here with you.
24) 19) dialog: My shit is together.
24) 21) dialog: Well, it is. Just because I'm happy doesn't mean I'm on vacation. You're just not used to seein' me happy, 'cause it's been about fifteen fuckin' years since I been happy. But my shit is forever together. Richard believes Seth's response.
24) 27) dialog: Step aside, asshole. Chet POKES HIS FINGER in Seth's CHEST.
24) 29) dialog: Now, is my shit together, or is my shit together? Richard and Seth laugh with each other.
24) 33) dialog: Now this is my kinda place! I could become a regular. The man behind the bar is RAZOR CHARLIE. He eyes the grou as they approach. Their difference from the usual road waif nomads who populate the Twister disturbs him. He exchanges a knowing look across the room with Big Emilio, as the group bellie up to the bar.
24) 34) dialog: Whiskey!
24) 37) dialog: What dya mean?
24) 39) dialog: Are you tellin' me I'm not good enough to drink here?
24) 41) text: You, get out! Big Emilio almost magically appears behind Seth and place HIS BIG BEEFY SAUSAGE-FINGERED HAND HARD on Seth's should
24) 43) text: Walk, Pendaho. Seth slowly turns his eyes to the big hand on his shoulde
24) 44) dialog: (low)
24) 48) dialog: No, I'm going to count to three.
24) 50) dialog: Two.. Jacob jumps in the middle.
24) 55) text: Welcome to the Titty Twister. What can I get you? Seth BRUSHES OFF Big Emilio's paw.
24) 56) dialog: Bottle of whiskey and five glasses. Razor Charlie's eyes go to Seth. Even though he has a big smile on his face, he looks like he's going to kill Seth. But instead he just says,
24) 59) dialog: That's just fuckin' typical. Biggest number one problem with Mexico, it's not service oriented. I was feelin' so good, and those fuckin' spies brought me down. Richard puts his arm around Seth.
24) 61) dialog: You serve food, Jose? Razor Charlie knows Seth's taunting him with a racial slu but he just smiles and says,
24) 63) dialog: I kinda doubt that. We're grabbin' a table, send over a waitress to take our order. Seth walks away, and the group follows him. We just hang on the evil wheels turning inside of Razor Charlie's head. The five of them move across the floor to a table. As the walk, Kate attracts stares, wolf whistles and rude commen from some of the patrons. Jacob keeps near his daughter. The dancers do their sexy routines. A big-chested, wild-haired blonde catches Scott's eye. She winks at him. Richard leans over and whispers in Scott's ear.
24) 66) text: They're not the normal road trash we normally feed on. But it'll be okay. No one knows they're here. The five of them find a table and sit down. Seth, still in a bad mood, takes the cork out of the whis bottle and tosses it. He pours Richie and himself a glass
24) 67) dialog: Who else?
24) 69) dialog: (picking a fight)
24) 73) dialog: Suit yourself, more for me. (to Scott)
24) 75) dialog: (to Kate)
24) 81) dialog: Sorry, Pops, but I'm drinkin' and I don't like drinkin' alone. Bottoms up, boy. Scott takes the drink and he, too, experiences an on-drinker's tremor. Seth turns to Kate.
24) 82) dialog: How about you, cutie pie? Ready for round two?
24) 85) text: Hey, Dr. Frankenstein, I think you just created a monster. Jacob turns to Seth and asks quietly.
24) 87) dialog: I'm still stewing about that ape laying hands on me. And that fuckin' bartender sticks a weed up my ass, too.
24) 89) dialog: He's smilin' at us. But behind his smile, he's sayin', "Fuck you Jack." I hear that loud and clear.
24) 91) dialog: (picking up the whiskey bottle)
24) 94) dialog: (tossing it off)
24) 97) dialog: What did you call me?
24) 99) text: The entire state of Texas, along with the FBI, is looking for you. Did they find you? No. They couldn't. They had every entrance to the border covered. There's no way you could get across. Did you? Yes, you did. You've won, Seth, enjoy it. Seth looks at Jacob, then picks up the bottle.
24) 100) dialog: Jacob, I want you to have a drink with me. I insist. Jacob slides his empty glass over to Seth. Seth pours boo in Jacob's glass and his own. Both men pick up the glasse
24) 101) dialog: To your family.
24) 104) dialog: Forever together. Seth turns to Scott.
24) 105) dialog: In that camper out there I saw a guitar. I take it that's yours.
24) 107) dialog: Go out and bring it in. I feel a song coming on.
24) 111) text: The lights go down low. A light hits the stage. The openi notes of the Coaster's "Down in Mexico" fills the room. The crowd hushes up. And on the stage steps SANTANICO PANDEMONIUM. This Mexican goddess is beautiful, but not the beauty tha Stendhal described in "As the Promise of Happiness," but the beauty of the siren who lures men to their doom. She dances to the raunchy music, not like she owned the stage, but like she owned the world. And if the patrons of the Titty Twister are her world, th world is proud to be her possession. All activity in the bar, save Santanico, stops. Even the Fuller/Gecko table falls under her spell. Especially Richard, Scott and Kate. Seth knows this song and accompanies from the table with the guitar. When the music builds to its explosive section. Santanico LEAPS from the stage, LANDING in the middle of room. She does an eyes-closed voodoo dance in perfect step with the beat. As the music continues to play, a very fucked-u looking Chet Pussy walks in. He goes over to Razor Charli and points at Seth's table, describing what happened. As the last verse plays, Santanico, like a snake, comes u from the ground, on top of the Fuller/Gecko table. Richard, Kate and Scott are enraptured. Santanico scans the table, zeroing in on our boy Richard. She STANDS OVER him. While moving her body to the music, she lifts up the whis bottle from the table, and pours the whiskey down her leg She lifts up her foot, with the whiskey dripping from her toes, and sticks it in Richard's face.
24) 113) text: Drink up. Richie, mesmerized, sucks the whiskey off her toes. The CROWD GOES WILD. Santanico smiles, master of all she surveys. Jacob and Scott are embarrassed. Kate, oddly enough, is turned on by the controlling power this woman has over a man she's deathly feared. Seth laughs out loud a Mexican "yi yi yiii" laugh, keepin the beat with his guitar. Across the room, Razor Charlie, Chet by his side, motions over Big Emilio. He begins explaining with pointing what Seth and company did to Chet. Richard continues to suck her toes. The song ends, Santanico extracts her foot from Richard's mouth. Steps off the table. Takes a drink of whiskey. Loo down at the seated Richard. She GRABS the back of his hair, YANKS his head BACK. His mouth OPENS because she's hurting him. She LEANS her FACE OVER his like she's going to kiss him. Then let's the whi from her mouth fall into his. They never touch. The crowd applauds. She lets go of Richard's hair. Except for Jacob and Richard, both for their own reasons, the table applau none louder than Seth.
24) 114) dialog: Bravo! Bravo! Bravo! Now that's what I call a fuckin' show! One of Santanico's FLUNKIES brings the naked woman a robe which she puts on. Richard, still in a daze, looks up at his new friend.
24) 115) dialog: (snapping his fingers)
24) 118) dialog: Well, then ask her, dumb ass.
24) 122) text: Muy bien, gracias. Santanico sits down next to Richie. Seth pours her a drin
24) 123) dialog: Richie, you lucky bastard! (to Santanico)
24) 125) dialog: Which reminds me of a joke. Little Red Riding Hood is walking through the forest and she comes across Little Bo Peep, and Little Bo Peep says: "Little Red Riding Hood, are you crazy? Don't you know the Big Bad Wolf is walking these woods and if he finds you he's gonna pull down your dress and squeeze your titties?" Then Little Red Riding Hood hitches up her skirt and taps a .357 Magnum she has holstered on her thigh and says: "No he won't." As Seth tells his joke, Jacob notices Razor Charlie, Big Emilio and Chet moving rapidly towards their table.
24) 127) text: Oh, shit. (to Seth)
24) 128) text: Seth -- Seth waves him away.
24) 129) dialog: Not now. So finally she comes across the Big Bad Wolf and the Big Bad Wolf's laughing and says: "Little Red Riding Hood, you know better than to be walking around these woods alone. You know I'm just gonna have to pull down your dress and squeeze your titties." Then Little Red Riding Hood whips out her .357, cocks it, sticks it in the Big Bad Wolf's face and says: "No you won't. You're gonna eat me, just like the story says." Seth starts laughing at his own joke uproariously. Richar Kate, Scott and Santanico join in too. Before Jacob can s anything -- The Titty Twister trio stand over the table.
24) 139) dialog: Scarred for life, that's how I am! Seth looks up and sees Chet still standing there.
24) 140) dialog: You thought it was pretty funny, didn't you? Both brothers FIRE on Chet. Chet's blown left... right... left... right... then drops, pointing their guns towards the crowd.
24) 141) dialog: Everybody be cool, or you'll be just as dead as these fucks! SLOW MOTION: Blood drips down the side of Seth's face. SLOW MOTION: It splatters to the floor. The CAMERA scans the crowd. The patrons are scared, but t waitresses, whores and dancers lick their lips. SLOW MOTION: Blood drips from Richard's shoulder. It fall to the floor, splattering. WE MOVE INTO SANTANICO'S FACE. A special aroma fills her nostrils. Her eyes lock on Richard. The look on her f could easily be read as intense sexual desire.
24) 144) text: Richie, look out! Before Richie can turn around. SANTANICO LEAPS ACROSS THE FLOOR, LANDS on his BACK and SINKS her FANGS into Richie's wounded SHOULDER. Richard LETS LOOSE with an agonizing SCREAM. Seth turns to his brother's cry. He sees SANTANICO PANDEMONIUM, like a mongoose attached t a cobra, legs wrapped around Richard's waist, fangs burie deep in his shoulder, and Richard screaming and slamming about, trying to knock her off. Richard screams to Seth:
24) 148) dialog: Richie. Suddenly, the eyes of Big Emilio, Razor Charlie and Chet Pussy pop open. The "dead" men sit up with evil grins on their faces. The patrons scream. A WHORE locks the front door (which is a complicated lock with steel rods going into the ground), turns toward the and yells:
24) 152) text: looking down at Seth, her face contorts to FEED MODE, whe the bottle HITS her SQUARE in the HEAD, SHATTERING. We see that Jacob behind the bar threw it. Santanico, bathed in whiskey and broken glass, is momentarily dazed. She looks down at Seth. Seth sits up, .45 in hand, and fires. Santanico is HIT in the CHEST. The bullet from the gun ma the liquor-soaked robe ignite. Santanico SCREAMS as she GOES UP IN FLAMES. Big Emilio sees Santanico's fiery death. He lets out a cr
24) 154) dialog: We may be in trouble. Big Emilio walks steadily through the bar like Godzilla walks through Tokyo. Tipping over tables, knocking fighti vamps and humans alike on their asses on his way to stamp out Seth and Jacob. A TRUCKER JUMPS in his path to attack him, with a QUICK SWING of his hand the trucker is brushe aside, receiving a broken neck for the effort. Big Emilio never breaks his stride or takes his eyes off Seth and Jacob. Seth and Jacob both grab pieces of wood, holding it like weapon, but the wood looks puny compared to their opponen Big Emilio stands in front of them. The two men hold thei wood tight. Fangs grow in Big Emilio's mouth that make hi look like a huge walking shark. Just when Big Emilio's ready to strike, he hears behind h
24) 163) dialog: Richie, I'm sorry I fucked things up. You'd really like it in El Ray. We'd find peace there. I love you little brother, I'll miss ya bad. Seth goes to kiss his brother's lips when, RICHARD 'S EYE POP OPEN. They're YELLOW. Seth RAISES his head in surpris
24) 165) dialog: Touch my brother with that stake, biker, and vampires won't need to suck your blood, they'll be able to lick it up off the floor.
24) 167) dialog: That's a matter of opinion, and I don't give a fuck about your's. Jacob, Frost and the kids continue to hold Richard down t the ground.
24) 169) dialog: Shut up! Richard's giggling.
24) 171) dialog: Hold him down. The smile evaporates from Richard's face.
24) 172) dialog: Richie, here's the peace in death I could never give you in life. Seth puts the stake over Richard's heart. Using the butt his .45 like a hammer, he POUNDS the stake into Richard's heart. Richard screams and dies. They all stand around th body as it BURSTS INTO FLAMES and disintegrates into goo. Seth breaks away from the group and walks over to the bar He grabs a bottle of whiskey and starts downing it. Kate, of all people, walks away from the group and joins Seth a the bar.
24) 174) dialog: Peachy! Why shouldn't I be? The world's my oyster, except for the fact that I just rammed a wooden stake in my brother's heart because he turned into a vampire, even though I don't believe in vampires. Aside from that unfortunate business, everything's hunky-dory.
24) 176) dialog: Bullshit! You hate us. If you had half a chance you'd feed us to them!
24) 182) dialog: It's bats.
26) 13) text: We got a problem! Seth, who is barricading doors and window, looks in Scott direction. The hole in the plaster cracks open and out PO a little, fleshy vampire bat/rat head. The bat/rat, which SQUEAKING and HISSING its head off, tries to SQUEEZE its body through the newly formed hole. Seth, gun in hand, RUNS to the window. He points the .45, point-blank range at the head of the bat/rat. The bat/rat sees this, makes an "oh shit" face, and YANKS his head back through the hole. Seth was ready to fire, he lowers his gun in bewilderment when...
26) 15) dialog: Get this bastard off of me! Frost leaves Jacob with the fire, comes from behind and GRABS the bat-thing and YANKS it off of Seth. Sex Machine and Kate are a green, bloody mess from their preventative staking of dead bodies. Sex Machine kneels b dead body, raising the stake in his hand to spear him. Th body SPRINGS UP and bites Sex Machine on the arm. Red blo squirts all over. Sex Machine screams, then brings the st down in the body's chest. It dies, burns and turns into g Sex Machine holds his bit arm and wraps it with a piece o his shirt. He quickly looks around to see if anybody saw get bit. Nobody saw it, everybody was too busy. Frost holds the FLAPPING, FIGHTING, SNAPPING bat-thing in front of him at arm's length. He struggles with it for a while, then... BASHES its head against the bar. The first bash takes som fight out of the little fucker, so... Frost BASHES his he against the bar six or seven times. He then THROWS the bat-thing on the bar, turns it over, garbs a pencil in a cup next to the register, and RAMS it in the bat-thing's heart. The bat-thing coughs and dies. There's a FLASH of FLAMES, followed by a pile of goo. Sex Machine and Kate have covered up a hole in the plaste window with a table while Frost, Scott and Seth wrestle w the bat-thing. Jacob has put out the fire. Everybody comes together, exhausted, and takes a breather. Outside, the bats contin to try and claw their way in.
26) 18) dialog: Yeah, I know what's going on. We got a bunch of fuckin' vampires outside trying to get inside and suck our fuckin' blood! That's it, plain and simple. And I don't wanna hear any bullshit about "I don't believe in vampires" because I don't fuckin' believe in vampires either. But I do believe in my own two fuckin' eyes, and with my two eyes I saw fuckin' vampires! Now, does everybody agree we're dealin' with vampires. Everybody agrees.
26) 19) dialog: You too, preacher?
26) 21) dialog: Good for you. Now, since we all believe we're dealing with vampires, what do we know about vampires? Crosses hurt vampires. Do you have a cross?
26) 23) dialog: In other words, no.
26) 26) dialog: I don't know about that. In order for it to have any power, I think it's gotta be an official crucifix.
26) 28) dialog: Okay, I'll buy that. So we got crosses covered, moving right along, what else?
26) 45) dialog: Aside from they're thirsty.
26) 50) dialog: Actually, our best weapon against these satanic cocksuckers is this man. (he points at Jacob)
26) 52) dialog: As far as God's concerned, we might just as well be a piece of fuckin' shit. But he's one of the boys. Only one problem, his faith ain't what it used to be. Jacob PUNCHES Seth in the mouth, sending him to the floor Jacob stands over him.
26) 54) dialog: I'm not taunting you. We need you. A faithless preacher doesn't mean shit to us. But a man who's a servant of God can grab a cross, shove it in these monsters' asses. A servant of God can bless the tap water and turn it into a weapon. Seth rises.
26) 55) dialog: I know why you lost your faith. How could true holiness exist if your wife can be taken away from you and your children? Now, I always said God can kiss my fuckin' ass. Well, I changed my lifetime tune about thirty minutes ago' cause I know, without a doubt, what's out there trying to get in here is pure evil straight from hell. And if there is a hell, and those monsters are from it, there's got to be a heaven. Now which are you, a faithless preacher or a mean, mother fuckin' servant of God? Jacob has to laugh at that. So does everybody else. Jacob sticks out his hand and shakes Seth's.
26) 74) dialog: Oh shit! Jacob sees.
26) 76) dialog: You wanna suck something, suck on this! He FIRES four shots that blow the bat vamp's head all ove the wall. Kate yells:
26) 78) dialog: Daddy's dead.
26) 81) dialog: He needs our help!
27) 0) text: Jacob, holding a cross made out of two sticks and recitin appropriate verse from the bible, is keeping the vampires bay. But, as Seth predicted, it is the shining power of h restored faith that is his mightiest weapon. Jacob is mak his way through the vampires, toward the back door. A lot the bats have transformed into bat/devil/human creatures. The creatures stand at the edge of Jacob's force field of holiness. Many bat things fly around the bar like mad, whirling dervishes. A cluster of bat-things over above an in front of Jacob. They all growl and hiss at the man of god. For every one step forward Jacob takes, the vampire stake one step back. Jacob recites the verse from the bib in a threatening, mean, mother fucking, servant of god to As he speaks with authority and strength, he sees Frost lying on the ground, bat-things on him like ants on a candy bar. But Jacob is too much in control to let even t repugnant sight trip him up. Jacob has backed himself up by the door.
27) 2) dialog: Did he...?
27) 4) dialog: Fuck, piss, shit! Mother fuckin' vampires! Mother fuckin' vampires! Goddamn mother fuckin' vampires! Seth runs over to the barricaded door and yells to the creatures on the other side.
27) 5) dialog: You all are gonna fuckin' die! I'm gonna fuckin' kill every last one of you godless pieces of shit!
27) 11) text: Children, listen to me. I love you two more than anybody. And I just want you  to know you've made me proud all your lives. But never more so than tonight. And I wish we could sit here and cry till I pass on, but we can't. Because I'm not going to pass on. I'm going to turn into a monster. And when I do, I'm going to be dangerous. But before that happens, just know I love you. (to Seth and the kids)
27) 14) dialog: My guess is that this little dive's been feeding on nomad road waifs like bikers and truckers for a longtime. This is probably some of the shipments they stole off the trucks.
27) 16) dialog: I don't give a shit about living or dying anymore. I just want to send as many of these devils back to hell as I can.
27) 18) text: The survivors are opening boxes and prying open crates. A lot of what they find is bullshit. Pantyhose, coffee, teddy bears, etc. But a few of the boxes are just what th doctor ordered. Cases from a sporting good supplier yield a shipment of baseball bats. Meant to arrive at toy store are a shipment of Uzi replica squirt guns and a box of balloons. And captured en route to a hardware store are shipments of power tools, saws and jack hammers. Seth and Scott saw the bats into wooden stakes. Kate fills the Uzi squirt guns with tap water from the backroom sink. Jacob, with Seth's knife, etches a cross into every bulle in the .45 automatic's last full clip of ammo. Vampires all start converging on the back room door, getting their courage back. Kate makes water balloons. Scott sharpens the stakes to a point with the tools. Seth attaches a wooden stake to the end of a jackhammer. Jacob blesses the water in the squirt guns and balloons, turning it into holy water. Our heroes work together, preparing for the battle to com The back room door, barricaded with crates and boxes, begins to be pounded on by the undead on the other side. The room tone is a combination of chewing, scratching, pounding, squeaking and screaming. Finally they're ready. Jacob turns to his kids.
27) 20) dialog: I promise.
27) 36) dialog: Okay, vampire killers, let's kill some fuckin' vampires.
28) 0) text: The vampires, bat-things and what have you, start BREAKIN down the door. They are in a mad frenzy. They burst throu the door. Waiting for them are Scott and Kate holding Uzi squirt gu and water balloons draped down their chests on a belt lik grenades. Jacob is holding a cross made of sharp wooden stakes and the .45 with the cross bullets. Seth is holdin the jackhammer. The survivors walk out of the back room into the bar. The vamps back up, letting them inside. What we have here is a Mexican standoff, a la "The Wild Bunch." A moment of peace before the battle. The vamps ju watch the humans. The humans just watch the vamps. Then, like the bull in the china shop, Seth ends the peace by starting up the jackhammer.
28) 1) dialog: Kill 'em all! Jacob holds up the cross, the vamps react. The kids SPRAY the crowd with UZI fire, burning vampire flesh. The pack of vamps retreat while the Fuller squad walk forward. They are attacked on all sides, but they keep moving towa the door. Seth slams the stakes into several of the vamps, it speed in and out of vampire chests, each time spraying him in green vamp blood. Jacob shoves his cross stake into a vampire with one hand and SHOOTS three vampires with blessed bullets with the other. Flame BURSTS from the vampires' chests when the bullets h Kate and Scott both whip water balloons off their belts a toss them into the crowd. They burst and FRY several of the vamps, who fall, scream in pain. From its perch on a wood ceiling beam, a bat-thing drops HURLS toward the group. Jacob sees it, raises his gun and FIRES. The bat-thing bursts into a ball of screaming fire. Seth continues carving a path to the front door by slammi the hammer stake into vampire chests. The front door is barricaded again by a big table and oth junk.
28) 5) text: To keep the daylight out! This is where they sleep! Get to the door! Seth tries to get to the front door, when Sex Machine, no half bat, half devil vamp, about six foot seven, drops fr above in front of him. Seth RAMS the stake in its chest. Sex Machine-thing screams out, LIFTING the hammer and Set off the ground. Seth is thrown from his hold on the hammer across the roo he CRASHES into a table. The Sex Machine-thing falls back with the jackhammer sticking out of his chest, dead. Kate, spraying Uzi fire like Rambo, sees Seth fall. She screams:
28) 7) dialog: Okay, dead boys, come on! Take a bite and feel all right! Kate clusters with her father and Scott.
28) 13) text: Die, monster, die! Die, monster, die! Kate mows down the group by Seth, they lie on the floor, burning in agony. Kate takes Seth's hand and gives him a couple of water balloons and a stake.
28) 16) dialog: Anytime. Cutting through vampires, the two make their way across t bar. Jacob, firing the .45, takes out several more vampires in fiery death. Scott fires the Uzi and chucks more water balloons. As Jacob fights, all of a sudden the sound goes out. He can't hear anything. He wonders if he's gone deaf. He sta to hear the words: "Thirst, thirst, thirst." He notices t vampires have stopped attacking him. They look at him wit happy smiles on their devilish faces. Fangs begin to grow His eyes are yellow. Scott turns to his dad. He sees his father is a monster. Jacob, with a devilish grin on his face, GRABS Scott and sinks his teeth into Scott's forearm. Scott screams blood murder as his dad begins to drain him of blood. Scott takes one of the water balloons he's wearing and SMASHES it against Jacob's head. The holy water melts half of Jacob's face away. He lets g of Scott, screaming, and drops the .45 on the floor. Scott drops to the ground, picking up the gun. He brings up to fire. A totally evil Jacob, with only half a face, matches star with the boy he once called his son. Scott's eyes turn to steel.
28) 18) dialog: Fight now, cry later. Kate takes his advice and hits a vamp square in the face with a holy water balloon, which melts his head. A bat-thing lands on the back of Scott's neck. He screams it bites into him. He drops the .45. Kate sees Scott get bit.
28) 22) dialog: How many bullets left, kid?
28) 24) dialog: Well, when you run out of weapons, just start cold cocking 'em. Make 'em sing for their supper. The two survivors are backed up against a wall. Two bat things do a Kamikaze dive from the air toward Seth. Seth throws the holy balloon at them. Direct hit. The two bat-things burst into flames and spiral to the floor. The two survivors look at the vampires, who stand before them. A moment of stillness before the attack. Kate stand holding the .45, arm outstretched.
28) 27) dialog: You use 'em on the first couple of these parasites that try to bite you. The vamps begins to close in. Kate lines up the .45 sight on the face of an approaching vampire. Seth holds the Uzi like a club, ready to bash in the firs vampire's head that gets in swinging distance. Beams of sunlight shoot through the holes that Kate shot through the wall. Approaching vampires burn. The scorched vamps scream like they've never screamed before.
28) 28) dialog: Shoot more holes! Kate turns away from the vamps and shoots holes in the wa behind him, Daylight comes through, providing Kate and Seth with a safe, lighted area. The .45's empty. The vamps hiss and scream at the frustration of not being able to get at them. The two survivors hold hands, when... All of a sudden the door to the Titty Twister is pounded from the outside. The vamps look towards it in horror. From the other side of the door, we hear a voice with a Spanish accent.
28) 30) text: I'm looking for my friend. Is Seth in there?
28) 31) dialog: (yelling)
28) 35) text: Danny, Manny, knock down the door. Hurry, hurry! The vamps are totally fucking freaked out! They run and f around the bar in a panic. Crying, howling, grabbing onto each other. The front door is TORN apart from shotgun fir coming from the outside, punching holes the size of basketballs in th door. The table in front of the door gives and FALLS forward. The door caves in and sunlight invades the bar. Many vamp are instantly fried, bursting into flames. The Mexican gangster CARLSO and his two henchmen, DANNY a MANNY, are horrified at what they see. They cross themsel in fright. Vampires search for dark corners, but all is lost. Sunlig hits a mirrored ball attached to the ceiling, sending hundreds of beams of sunlight scattering through the room Vamps try and dodge the beams. No dice. All around the va combust in fiery explosions. The Titty Twister is now on fire, burning out of control. Seth and Kate run through the building and leap through t door into the parking lot.
29) 2) text: What the fuck was going on in there? Seth signals Carlos to wait a minute while he catches his breath. Then he hauls off and PUNCHES Carlos square in th kisser. Danny and Manny aim their shotguns at Seth.
29) 5) dialog: Why the fuck, outta all the god forsaken shit holes in Mexico, did you have us rendezvous at that place?
29) 7) dialog: Have you ever been there before?
29) 9) dialog: Well, because you picked that place out of a hat, my brother's dead now. And this girl's family's dead. Carlos stands up again.
29) 11) dialog: Did they look like psychos? They were fuckin' vampires. Psychos don't explode when sunlight hits 'em, I don't care how crazy they are. Danny and Manny react to the vampire news by crossing themselves again.
29) 13) dialog: You can't, but fifteen percent instead of thirty for my stay at El Ray is a good start.
29) 15) dialog: Jesus Christ, Carlos, my brother's dead and he's not coming back, and it's all your fault. Twenty. They look at each other, then shake hands, saying in unis
29) 16) dialog: (in Spanish)
29) 17) text: Twenty-five. Seth gets the suitcase and gives Carlos 25%. Seth walks o to a red 1990 Porsche 911.
29) 19) dialog: I said new, this is an '90.
29) 21) dialog: So do I just follow you?
29) 23) dialog: So let's do it.
29) 25) text: Vamanos! Carlos, Danny and Manny pile into Carlo's white Mercedes. Seth by his Porsche, looks back at Kate. Kate stands alone. The whole desert seems between them. So much to say ... but no words.
29) 26) dialog: I'm sorry.
29) 28) dialog: See ya.
29) 32) dialog: Kate honey, I may be a bastard. But I'm not a fuckin' bastard. He blows her a kiss across the desert. She blows one back. Seth's in his car and GONE. Kate turns around, faces endless desert before her, and begins her long walk home.