24) 156) dialog: Anything you gotta say to them, say to me first. Both Seth and Jacob ATTACK Big Emilio from behind. He effortlessly knocks them away. They both hit the ground. Sex Machine gestures with his hand to Big Emilio to "come ahead." Big Emilio CHARGES towards Sex Machine, like a runaway locomotive. Sex Machine stands his ground waiting for IMPACT. The two huge men COLLIDE. What follows is literally a war of the Gargantuans. The two mastiffs POUND each other till one buckles. Finally, the one who buckles first is Big Emilio who HITS the floor. Once on the floor, Seth and Jacob, stand over the huge va BEATING him with clubs and pipes, like L.A.'s finest. The vamp can do nothing except SQUIRM on the floor from the savage beating.
24) 157) dialog: That's enough. Jacob and Seth stop. Sex Machine holds a pool cue in his hand. He SNAPS off th end tip, making it jagged, and like a spear, STICKS it in big vamp's fallen body. Big Emilio, SCREAMS, TWITCHES and dies. The pool cue sticks out straight up from the dead vamp. Chet Pussy spies Ms. Apple Pie Pussy herself, Kate. He breaks into a lecherous grin and licks the blood from around his mouth. Kate and Scott are cowering behind the bar when Chet appe over the top. They both let out a scream. Scott goes to protect his sister and receives a punch in the face for h trouble. Chet dives at Kate.
24) 166) dialog: He ain't your brother no more.
24) 181) dialog: No, it's more of a gnawing sound. Birds peck, they don't gnaw. Rats gnaw. Seth puts the bottle in his hand down.
26) 2) dialog: Watch out, girly! The biker vamp GRABS Kate from behind. She lets out a scream. The vamp holds her close to him in a bear hug, bu she's moving around so much he can't get a clear bite. Th others hear the scream and look toward Kate. Sex Machine, Big Emilio's baseball bat in hand, is halfway to the resc As the biker vamp opens his mouth to take a juicy bite ou of Kate's shoulder, Kate RAMS her head back, hitting the vamp in the mouth and breaking his fangs. He releases her and spits out his teeth just as Sex Machine runs up and SWINGS the baseball bat upside the vamp's head, breaking the bat in two and sending the vamp to the floor. As the vamp lies on the floor seeing stars, Sex Machine grabs on of the broken ends of the bat and SHOVES it in the vamp's heart. He dies and bursts into flames. At that point, three other dead victims rise to a sitting position. Sex Machine grabs a chair and THROWS it to the ground, breaking it. He grabs the four legs.
26) 3) dialog: (mumbling to himself)
26) 4) text: Goddamn fuckin' vampires. The biker has turned into Captain Sex Machine, Vampire Hunter. He stakes two of the vampires as they get to thei feet. Both SPEW green blood, scream, die and burst into flames. The third, a trucker vampire wearing a cat cap, SMACKS Sex Machine in the mouth, which sends the biker fo a loop. As CAT CAP runs toward the fallen Sex Machine, Kate JUMPS on his back from behind. Both of them go tumbling into a stack of whiskey cases. Sex Machine runs over and grabs K by the hand, pulling her up and out of the way. Cat Cap i lying in a pile of broken bottles and whiskey. Sex Machin raises his stake as Cat Cap dies and DRIVES it in the vamp's black heart. Cat Cap dies and bursts into flames, which hits the whiskey, starting a giant fire.
26) 5) dialog: Fire! Frost and Jacob stop barricading and run to the fire.
26) 8) dialog: Way ahead of ya. (to Kate)
26) 11) dialog: Sex Machine. Pleased to meet'cha. Kate, let's stake these blood-sucker fuckers. Kate and Sex Machine give each other a high five and go t work STAKING the dead bodies. Jacob and FROST beat down the fire with their jackets and whatever else is at hand. A hole begins to appear where a window had been plastered over. Little claws scrape their way through. Scott stands in front of the window.
26) 25) dialog: He's right. Peter Cushing does that all the time.
26) 30) dialog: Garlic, holy water, sunlight... I forget, does silver do anything to a vampire?
26) 32) dialog: I know silver bullets are werewolves. But I'm pretty sure silver has some sort of effect on vampires.
26) 39) dialog: Yeah, that's true, but I doubt our barricades, that door, those plastered windows and these walls will last two more hours with those bat fucks fuckin' with 'em.
26) 41) dialog: You mean like a Time-Life book? Everybody laughs.
26) 48) dialog: Another thing, you try and ram a broken chair leg in a human, you better be one strong son-of-a-bitch. The human body is one rough-tough machine. But these vamps got soft bodies. The texture of their skin is softer, mushier. You can push shit right through 'em. Conceivably, if you hit one hard enough, you could take their fuckin' head off.
26) 51) text: He's a preacher. Frost and Sex Machine look toward Jacob.
26) 63) dialog: Stop fucking saying that!
26) 65) dialog: That bite weren't nothin'. It just hurt like a son-of-a-bitch, that's all. It barely punched the skin. Sex Machine looks at Frost, who's acting out his story. T biker is pantomiming fighting and slashing. He's describi all the while, but we can't hear anything. All we hear ar many voices, male, female, children saying:
26) 68) dialog: 
26) 73) dialog: What are you gonna do about it? Frost, table leg in hand, RUNS, SCREAMING his head off, straight at Sex Machine. Sex Machine's nostrils flare. He raises his meaty fist an pulls it back, so he can really haul off. Frost, top speed, stake raised, screaming. Sex Machine le loose with his punch, Seth, Scott and Kate look up from t floor. Jacob rises from behind the bar. Frost's face COLLIDES with Sex Machine's fist. Sex Machine hits Frost hard it lifts the biker off the ground and propels him through the air. Seth sees where Frost is heading and says:
28) 5) text: To keep the daylight out! This is where they sleep! Get to the door! Seth tries to get to the front door, when Sex Machine, no half bat, half devil vamp, about six foot seven, drops fr above in front of him. Seth RAMS the stake in its chest. Sex Machine-thing screams out, LIFTING the hammer and Set off the ground. Seth is thrown from his hold on the hammer across the roo he CRASHES into a table. The Sex Machine-thing falls back with the jackhammer sticking out of his chest, dead. Kate, spraying Uzi fire like Rambo, sees Seth fall. She screams: