4) 8) dialog: Those medics didn't get the Sickbook back till late yesterday -- I'll tend to it right now --
25) 23) dialog: (reading from Payroll) Private Prewitt, thirty dollars base pay. Deductions-laundry, insurance, PX checks.
40) 2) text: An aged Chinese, at least seventy-five, OLD CHOY has a lo white beard and wears a black skull cap and an embroidere robe. He is motionless, surveying the pandemonium which w hear over shot: the sounds of men laughing, talking and shouting blend with jukebox music blasting Chattanooga, C Choo. YOUNG CHOP, Old Choy's son, passes; he is thirty, w aproned, bustling, Americanized. CAMERA PANS WITH him, DISCLOSING the small beer-house; it has unpainted cement walls and a cement floor; the only thing that might be ca decorative is the jukebox. The place is crowded with men Schofield, a raucous assemblage; everyone is drinking bee and the smoke hangs in thick layers. At a table near the sit Prew, Maggio, Clark, Anderson, Treadwell and Mazzioli a corner table behind a forest of beer bottles and cans a Warden, Stark, Karelsen and Chief Choate.
40) 18) text: Maggio, Anderson and Treadwell are comparing snapshots fr home, spreading them out on the table. Mazzioli is talkin Prew with great earnestness.
40) 20) dialog: ... it's in regulations. You've got a right to complain. You've got a right to take your case to the Inspector General. Any soldier has, even a plain dogface.
40) 31) dialog: Listen, Prew. I guess I ought not to tell you but --. Warden hasn't had you on KP much lately, has he?
40) 35) dialog: Well -- I was working in the Orderly Room this afternoon and I heard the Captain telling Warden you're to pull KP every weekend from now on. You know what that means -- you can' t even go into
44) 89) text: Warden is pinning some notices on a bulletin board. Prew on the bench against the wall, miserable, elbows on knees chin in hand. There is a quiet tenseness in the room. War looks over at Prew, turns back to the bulletin board. Mazzioli gets up from his desk, wanders aimlessly to a window. The screen door slams and Leva enters, eating a c bar.
44) 93) dialog: It's on right now. At Headquarters.
44) 99) dialog: Maybe he won't get it. All he did was get drunk and run wild. That's a soldier's nature. It's almost his sacred duty once in a while.
88) 1) text: A man sprints toward the mess hall, yelling to right and at the top of his lungs. As he approaches camera we see i Mazzioli.  MAZZIOLI
88) 4) text: The figure of Mazzioli gets closer and closer as the plan 139.  
88) 6) text: as the Jap plane flashes by close above him. The stones i the pavement pop up. Mazzioli flops on the street. The pl zooms. 
88) 7) text: as the men rush out. In the front ranks are Warden, Karel Stark and Choate, Choate carries his half-filled plate in hand, a mug of coffee in the other. The men stretch their necks, following the plane. Then they look back up the street, CAMERA PANNING. Far in b.g, a column of black mushrooming to the sky. Warden dashes to Mazzioli. CAMERA MOVES IN to a CLOSE SHOT as Warden bends over him, hoists to a sitting position. He is extremely gentle. Mazzioli's knee is laid open and is bleeding freely. Warden whips ou handkerchief and starts to apply a tourniquet.  MEDIUM SHOT
88) 11) text: Warden gets Mazzioli to his feet, turns to first man in g surrounding them. It is Anderson.  WARDEN
88) 13) text: Anderson starts Mazzioli down the street. 