9) 2) text: The room is fairly well filled with soldiers. The click o pool balls is heard over shot. Warden is reading a newspaper.. A column heading, conspicuous in shot, reads: JAPS ADVANCE IN CHINA. Warden drops the paper on his lap, looks toward pool table, squinting thoughtfully.
29) 96) dialog: (has been watching) You know who that guy is, buddy?
29) 102) dialog: Fatso Judson. Sergeant of the Guard at the Post Stockade.
29) 108) dialog: -- I'm tellin you, leave him be. Nets danger. I seen him nearly murder a guy once. He likes it. 45.
82) 2) text: --- In addition to inefficiency in administering his command and neglect of duty, Captain Holmes has been guilty of indefensible cruelty to the aforesaid Private Prewitt. This extended to instigating and encouraging wholly unauthorized and discreditable tactics to force the soldier to join the inter-regiment boxing team. These findings are the result of personal investigation by the Inspector General and are corroborated by numerous members of G Company. 
89) 11) text: You heard me! This ain't no maneuvers. You go runnin around outside you'll get your ears shot off. You want to be heroes, you'll get plenty chances later. You'll probly have Japs in your laps before night.  SOLDIER
91) 1) text: The men are sitting on their bunks, unhappily, holding th rifles. Others who have slept through breakfast are dress hastily. Warden rushes into the room. The men immediately bark ad-libbed questions at him:  SOLDIERS (AD LIB)
98) 5) text: Sound of Jap planes comes up ear-splitting loud. Ross dro down behind a chimney, swings his BAR, fires. CAMERA MOVE INCLUDE Karelsen at the other side of the chimney, firing machine gun. Two soldiers hang onto the bucking legs of t tripod. Two Jap planes pass in b.g. of shot, zoom off int the sky.  KARELSEN (DISGUSTEDLY)
100) 27) text: And they'll find out it was you who killed that soldier! 
100) 43) text: A soldier! A soldier! A Regular. From the Regular Army. A thirty- year man!  PREW
100) 105) text: Sir, this man was a good soldier. He loved the Army moren any soljer I ever knew. I would like to make a formal request that this body be buried in the Army's permanent cemetery at Schofield Barracks.  LIEUTENANT COLONEL