23) 10) text: A slow, lazy, heavy man, peeling potatoes. There is a lar kettle filled with dirty water in front of him in which t potatoes are floating. Treadwell stabs at one with a long fork, misses it. He stabs again, almost in slow motion, misses again. He sees Stark glowering over him.
23) 12) dialog: Ah+m suppose to be a automatic rifle man, not a spud-cutter.
23) 20) dialog: ... they just give me my chance they'll see...
35) 4) dialog: ... Ah'm in the Army because Ah can live better on the Inside than on the Outside.
35) 22) dialog: Man, that's blues! Where'd you drag that one up Prom?
35) 39) dialog: I bet I got two hundred blues records back home.
35) 42) dialog: But there ain't one could touch that. And that includes Saint Louis. And it could be ours...
40) 2) text: An aged Chinese, at least seventy-five, OLD CHOY has a lo white beard and wears a black skull cap and an embroidere robe. He is motionless, surveying the pandemonium which w hear over shot: the sounds of men laughing, talking and shouting blend with jukebox music blasting Chattanooga, C Choo. YOUNG CHOP, Old Choy's son, passes; he is thirty, w aproned, bustling, Americanized. CAMERA PANS WITH him, DISCLOSING the small beer-house; it has unpainted cement walls and a cement floor; the only thing that might be ca decorative is the jukebox. The place is crowded with men Schofield, a raucous assemblage; everyone is drinking bee and the smoke hangs in thick layers. At a table near the sit Prew, Maggio, Clark, Anderson, Treadwell and Mazzioli a corner table behind a forest of beer bottles and cans a Warden, Stark, Karelsen and Chief Choate.
40) 18) text: Maggio, Anderson and Treadwell are comparing snapshots fr home, spreading them out on the table. Mazzioli is talkin Prew with great earnestness.
59) 2) text: FEATURING the non-"ath-a-leets" of G Company, including Anderson, Clark and Treadwell. Ad-libbed shouts of "In th face, Prew! In the face!"  ANOTHER ANGLE
62) 5) text: listening. Their bunks are next to each other.  TREADWELL
68) 1) text: More men are propped on their elbows, their heads turned toward the Bugler. The dim figure of Treadwell can be see at a window now.  TREADWELL
89) 5) text: The non-coms push out the door.  TREADWELL
89) 8) text: Treadwell hurries after the non-coms.  WARDEN
93) 14) text: The sound of a bugle blowing insistently is now heard, blending into the rest of the noise. Treadwell runs to th edge of the roof, looks over. 