9) 12) dialog: I’m Cam. I went to college with the bride.
9) 14) dialog: Me, too. (the table blanches) Well, it was a one-time only experimental thing in college. And the experiment went horribly awry. (a sip of champagne) We couldn't stop giggling. Cam looks Charlie over. CAM (cont ’d) You're not really her type.
9) 16) dialog: Oh, the lesbian thing didn’t take. Now I only giggle with boys. (then) You gonna eat that? Charlie shakes his head and pushes his untouched piece of wedding cake toward her.
9) 18) dialog: No one. (mock offense) What are you trying to say?
9) 20) dialog: I run the penguin habitat at Sea World.
9) 22) dialog: No. I’m a serial killer and my M.O. is that I kill people with my kung-fu grip. (off Charlie’s smile) What do you do? 22.
9) 24) dialog: (off the card) Well, at least you get these. We homicidal maniacs don’t usually carry business cards. She finishes off the last bite of his cake, then reaches Tracey’s uneaten slice. As she leans over, she accidental DUMPS a LARGE BOWL OF WATER FILLED WITH FLOATING CANDLES Charlie's lap. He JUMPS BACK, in PAIN from the liquid wax
9) 26) dialog: I am SO sorry. Thoroughly embarrassed, Cam helps Charlie clean up the me They both sit down -- Charlie squishing into his chair. Awkward moment. A little smile comes over Cam’s face. CAM (cont ‘d) The way you just reacted to that... it totally reminded me of someone. (searching her mind) I can’t place it. It’s right there on the tip of my tongue. (then) Oh, yeah, now I remember... (off his skeptical look) -..a six-year-old girl. Charlie nods a “thank you”, taking the dig like a man. St walks right over to Cam, cockily grinning from ear to ear
9) 30) dialog: You a serial killer, too? sTU Reconstructive surgeon. (false modesty) If someone has an accident or was born with a deformity, I’m there to help.
9) 34) dialog: (teasing; re: Stu) It looks like your dance card is already full.
9) 36) dialog: Sorry. It was nice meeting you... both. Cam waves to a good-looking man at another table and make quick exit. Charlie turns on Stu with a “what the hell is wrong with you” look. But he ignores it, looking up at th other women at the table.
13) 0) text: CLOSE ON -- a bucket of fish. Cam, dressed in sweats and water-proof boots, dumps the bucket into a tank of swimmi PENGUINS. There are literally hundreds of them; playing, waddling, skidding down a slide into the water. She picks up another pail and scatters it to the straggle
13) 1) dialog: (to a penguin) Hey, Grumpy. Stop that. Leave Jester alone. She throws a dead fish for Jester in the back. Cam reache for another bucket -- but there is none. CAM (cont ‘d) (calling out) Joe?! Shift it into high gear, will ya? I want to go home. JOE appears, carrying two buckets of fish. Meet Cam’s sullen, lethargic little brother. He looks to be moving i slow motion. A professional pothead, Joe is always one to behind any conversation. He wears a T-shirt with WOODY HARRELSON on the front. CAM (cont‘d) Did you get lost back there?
13) 3) dialog: You know if they catch you with weed, you’re gonna get fired. It doesn’t matter that you’re my brother.
13) 5) dialog: Maybe the hemp pants? Or the hemp shirt? Or the fact that you smell like you showered in bong water? Joe holds out the buckets of herring for her. 23 pt 29.
13) 7) dialog: You never went to college.
13) 9) dialog: Wait, Grumpy, no... Too late -- Grumpy dives down the slide and BOWLING BALLS into Cam. Her feet flip out from under her and she does a FACE PLANT against the rock and SINKS INTO THE WATER. The accident is half-tragic/half-hysterical. Joe rushes ( fast as a stoned stoner can rush) to the edge of the wate
13) 11) dialog: I think I chipped a tooth. INT. CHARLIE’S CLASSIC CONVERTIBLE T-BIRD - NIGHT 23 pt The car door opens and a pretty young thing named NICOLE down in the passenger seat demurely. She dolls herself up Charlie walks around the car. The TOP IS DOWN. 30. The driver’s side door opens and Charlie SITS. A beat.
13) 30) dialog: This is Cam Wexler. We met a while ago at Katie’s wedding. (a beat; reminding) Serial killer?
13) 32) dialog: I’m so sorry to do this to you, but I have a bit of a dental emergency.
13) 34) dialog: No, I chipped a tooth. It’s Saturday night and I’m in a lot of pain and I didn’t know who else to call.
13) 36) dialog: If you must know, I stepped in a bucket of fish, slid down an ice ramp, got body-slammed by a penguin and fell face first into a fake ice boulder.
13) 38) dialog: Hello... Hippocratic oath... I’m bleeding. A lot.
13) 40) dialog: Got it.
13) 43) dialog: (slurred; mouth open) -evy -unny. -at’s the -ish. Charlie playfully nods “sure it is”. 34.
13) 46) dialog: Oh my god! Charlie reaches around but can’t get them. Cam rushes ove and pulls the instruments out of his back. He gasps. CAM (cont ‘d) Here. I’m so sorry. She starts picking up instruments from the floor.
13) 48) dialog: I hope you’1ll let me have that dry- cleaned.
13) 51) dialog: I’m sorry. I can’t. How much do I owe you for the tooth?
13) 53) dialog: No really-- how much do I owe you?
13) 55) dialog: (after a beat) Okay. Thank you. An awkward moment. Cam walks out of the office.
14) 0) text: Charlie, dried blood spots on his shirt, is locking up hi office as Cam steps back into the hallway from the elevat He turns to her, happy.
14) 2) dialog: My car won't start.
14) 4) dialog: I left my lights on. He just looks at her with a grin, not buying it. She roll her eyes and immediately turns back. CAM (cont ‘d) Okay, I’m pushing it.
15) 0) text: The two cars are bumper to bumper. Cam sits at her wheel. Charlie attaches jumper cables.
15) 2) dialog: Thank you. Thank you for fixing my tooth. Thank you for jumping my car.
15) 4) dialog: (without missing a beat) And thank you for driving me home to get my spare set of car keys. INT. CHARLIE’S CAR - MOMENTS LATER 27 pt Charlie and Cam hum along toward Cam’s apartment.
15) 5) dialog: Take a left up here at the light. A moment of silence.
15) 7) dialog: Trust me. It’s going to be fine. It’s a Geo Metro. A car-jacker wouldn’t get caught dead in a Geo Metro. (then) Right at the stop sign. They drive for a moment or two. CAM (cont‘d) So what were you doing this evening? Before I interrupted. Charlie pauses...
15) 9) dialog: Well, I’m sorry anyway.
15) 11) dialog: (pointing) This is it. 27 pt Charlie pulls the car over. CAM (cont ’‘d) Keep the meter running. 37. tiny smile. 27 pt Cam gets out of the car and then suddenly looks annoyed. CAM (cont‘d) Aaw shit shit shit shit shit shit! (then) Excuse my french.
15) 13) dialog: (thoroughly annoyed) My house keys are on my car key ring. (then) It doesn’t matter. Cam goes to the sidewalk and picks up a brick. She chucks through the window by her door and reaches in to unlock i
15) 15) dialog: Thanks. Charlie just stares at her in disbelief. Cam looks down a the keys in her hand. CAM (cont ‘d) I hope these are the right keys. Charlie shakes his head, amused, and pulls away.
16) 0) text: We FOLLOW Charlie’s convertible as it makes its way throu the car garage. It rolls to a stop. PULL OUT to REVEAL that the garage is TOTALLY EMPTY. Cam’s car is GONE. After a beat...
16) 1) dialog: Eh, who wants to drive a Geo Metro, anyway? Another moment. Then, sheepishly... CAM (cont‘d) Would you like me to walk home? Charlie smiles and pulls away to take Cam home. 29 INT. CHARLIE’S CAR - MOMENTS LATER 29 The perfect pair drive back toward Cam's apartment. A mom of silence. Then Cam tries to break it.
16) 2) dialog: My brother calls me Murphy.
16) 4) dialog: You know, “Murphy’s Law”. Anything that can go wrong, will. (MORE)
16) 5) text: 30 39. CAM (cont'd) When I was eight, I got kicked out of Brownies for starting a fire.
16) 7) dialog: Not when it torches your camp mother’s summer home. (with a impish shrug) I was trying to make a s’more.
16) 9) dialog: So many buttons. “Seat Warmer?” “Mapping Navigator?” What's this one do? She pushes it. The convertible top starts to CLOSE from behind. It catches the wind going 65 MPH and FLIES OFF TH CAR WITH A LOUD CRACK.
16) 11) dialog: Thank you. Sorry about your back... and your top... (she motions to the back) And I owe you gas money.
16) 13) dialog: You seem very nice. 40.
16) 15) dialog: Thanks again. She shoots him a quick smile, closes the car door and tur to go to her apartment. RIPPPP! She’s suddenly standing there in her PENGUIN PANTIES, her skirt caught in the car door. Charlie opens up the door, hands her the skirt. She covers up, backs away... CAM (cont ‘d) Good night, Dr. Kagan.
18) 9) dialog: Clever.
18) 11) dialog: What? Finish killing you?
18) 13) dialog: I hope there are no hard feelings.
18) 15) dialog: From the look of your waiting room, I doubt you have any trouble finding a date.
18) 17) dialog: And what, pray tell, is your type?
18) 19) dialog: That's it?
18) 21) dialog: I don’t think so. But thanks. 48 49 53. And with that, she exits. Charlie smiles, enjoys getting burnt for the first time in a long while.
19) 0) text: Cam EXITS Charlie's office and makes her way to the eleva Charlie opens his door and steps into the hall.
19) 2) dialog: How do I say, “No Thank You” in your language?
19) 4) dialog: Listen, I just... I’m not emotionally available at this time.
19) 6) dialog: So I’ve heard. Cam follows the jab with a curt smile.
21) 0) text: The observation room. A long conveyer belt slowly motors people along in front of a giant glass tank. Penguins swi and waddle on the other side. Cam stands in front of the conveyer with a microphone. As the people pass, she gives an informative speech.
21) 1) dialog: During the Antarctic winter, temperatures average negative 76 degrees. The winds howl at speeds of up to 200 miles per hour. As she talks, WE SEE Charlie rounding the bend munching o popcorn. CAM (cont'd) Emperor penguins are the only species that can breed during these winter conditions. Cam looks down to see Charlie on the conveyer belt. He smiles up at her. She falters momentarily, but continues. CAM (cont‘d) The female lays a single egg, then rolls it onto the feet of the male. The male stands and incubates the egg until it hatches -- about 65 days. Having built up a thick layer of fat to sustain him through the long winter, he never leaves the egg to hunt for food. The female, who spends the entire incubation period foraging in the ocean, returns before the chick hatches. (finishing) You can find out more about the Emperor Penguin at one of the many information kiosks. If you have any questions, please feel free to ask. She puts the microphone down and hops over the conveyer b moving toward Charlie. As she goes, she knocks the microphone over -- it falls into the gear of the conveyor belt and -- HORRIBLE SCREECH -- SNAPS the microphone cord While trying to rescue the cable, she snaps one heel off shoe. 55. Charlie can’t help but laugh. Cam tries to act like nothi happened -- she hobbles over to him. CAM (cont’d) What are you doing here?
21) 3) dialog: Seriously?
21) 5) dialog: Why are you really here?
21) 7) dialog: I’m not dying.
21) 9) dialog: I think you should go.
21) 12) dialog: No, thank you, Joe, this isn’'t...Charlie, this is my brother Joe...
21) 14) dialog: No. I haven't. Yup. You the dentist? CHARLIE (cont'd) So, I am the dude!
21) 15) dialog: (to Charlie) I mentioned you in passing. I said you were funny.
21) 17) dialog: (cutting him off) And I said you were charming, and good-looking, and had a nice smile.
21) 19) dialog: (to Joe) Why aren’t you wearing a shirt?
21) 22) dialog: The male penguin doesn’t need food.
21) 25) dialog: Joe, say another word and I hide your stash.
21) 27) dialog: Look, you’re charming, you’re funny, you're successful, and cliché of clichés -- you help underprivileged kids. It’s just that I know three girls that you've gone out with. I’m not into dating as a sport. away. Charlie follows.
21) 29) dialog: No. No, no, no, I’m not going to go out with you. No. Don’t ask.
21) 31) dialog: (pointedly) It’s a Gentoo. One of several species of Penguin that is completely monogamous. (double meaning) I hope that answers your question. (then) And interestingly enough, penguins are also unique in that mate selection is up to the female.
21) 33) dialog: Why do you want to take me to dinner so badly?
21) 35) dialog: Really...
21) 37) dialog: Okay.
21) 39) dialog: Okay dinner.
21) 41) dialog: Okay. 59. Then... Charlie gives a thumbs up to Joe, who now watches intentl from behind the glass in the penguin tank (arms crossed, shivering in the intense cold). Even the penguins who are flanking him look happy to hear the news. CAM (cont'd) But only as friends. If you have to know... I’m very serious about someone else.
21) 43) dialog: Well, no. We haven’t exactly met... yet. She steps over and pulls a book off the shelf from the gi shop. All the books on the shelf topple to the ground. Sh acts as if it didn’t happen, turning the book over to sho Charlie the cover. A picture of the writer, HOWARD BLAINE CAM (cont'd) He’s the foremost expert on penguins in the world. I’1l be meeting him at a conference later this year. 51 60.
21) 45) dialog: What you said, about “God's perfect creature”... that was easily the nicest thing anyone has ever said to me.
22) 0) text: Cam and Charlie walk down the moonlit beach, focused more each other than the crashing waves and strolling lovers around them. 64.
22) 1) dialog: Do sharks get cavities?
22) 3) dialog: You have no idea, do you? Charlie shakes his head, caught.
22) 5) dialog: I’ve learned that you don’t know the average birth weight of an African Dik-Dik. I think that’s just important as you knowing my favorite food is soup. (then) Okay, your question.
22) 7) dialog: Why teeth?
22) 9) dialog: Lots of reasons. For one, you can’t help but smile when you see a penguin.
22) 11) dialog: Their world, Antarctica, is beautiful. I go there once a year for research. Because of the Earth’s axis, there’s only one sunrise and one sunset a year. You don’t know beauty until you’ve seen a once-a-year sunset in Antarctica. 65.
22) 13) dialog: And their rituals are fascinating.
22) 15) dialog: (nodding) Rituals. Like when a male penguin is sweet on a female, he goes on a long search across the beach to find the perfect pebble to offer her. He hunts everywhere to find it. Finally, he waddles over and presents the stone by placing it at her webbed feet. If she accepts his offer, they will be life-long mates.
22) 17) dialog: (nodding) It’s unbelievable to watch. They quietly pass a couple of teenagers making out in the sand.
22) 19) dialog: (playful) What makes you think I’1l be kissing you? (then) (MORE)
22) 20) text: 53 54 55 66. CAM (cont'd) Might I remind you that with penguins, mate selection is up to the female. Cam, who’s been looking at Charlie, walks face first into wooden pier plank. She falls back to the sand.
22) 22) dialog: Ow. He leans in. He kisses her head. Cheek. They touch lips. Gentle. Soft. A perfect kiss. He pulls away slowly, and..
22) 24) dialog: Okay, so fess up about this charm.
22) 26) dialog: I think it’s a pretty creative way to get laid. -- Holding hands while walking through the Prado area in Balboa Park, taking in the sublime Spanish Moor Architect -- Picnicking on the grass in front of the gigantic bould torso of the BEAR SCULPTURE at UCSD. 56 57 58 67. -- Dining at Bertand’s at Mister A’s and watching the 56 cityscape from it’s panoramic view. She opens a beautiful wrapped gift. REVEAL that he’s bought her a “LO-JACK”. -- Finally, we find our two STOMPING GRAPES and making wi at the Julian Grape Stomp Fest. It’s only a matter of seconds before it turns into a dunking contest where both losers. This leads us to...
23) 0) text: Charlie and Cam share a CARRIAGE RIDE in the beautiful to outside of San Diego that is nestled in the Cuyamaca Mountains. But they aren’t seeing any of it, making out like two sch kids in the back of the carriage. Charlie’s hands go for bra clasp. He fumbles around for what seems like an eternity.
23) 1) dialog: First time? Charlie is shivering almost imperceptibly. It’s unclear i the cause is the crisp air or the moment.
23) 3) dialog: I think you were looking for this. Charlie is speechless. In the blink of an eye, he’s Woody Allen.
23) 5) dialog: (frisky) Do I need to provide written instructions? Charlie quickly turns to the driver of the carriage: 68.
23) 7) dialog: (sotto; suggestively) Yes, you will. The two love-birds stumble out of the coach and immediate disappear into the nearby Cuyamaca park, already starting remove each other’s clothes. RING. His cell phone goes off. It’s a DIFFERENT SOUNDING RING this time...
23) 9) dialog: Turn it off.
23) 19) dialog: (calling out; writhing) I hope there’s some left for you when you get back.
24) 0) text: Charlie pulls up out front. A long, awkward moment. Cam looks straight ahead, clearly too embarrassed to move.
24) 1) dialog: Well... thanks.
24) 3) dialog: Yeah. (beat) I’ve never heard of somebody cracking fourteen teeth before.
24) 6) dialog: Didn’t know you were here.
24) 8) dialog: It could have gone better. (vexed) He’s playing hard to get.
24) 10) dialog: I dry-humped a hitching post in front of him. Cam sinks further into her chair and grabs the bag of Bug 61 72.
24) 12) dialog: Me either. It’s just... the way he looks at me sometimes. When I’m around him, I feel like we’re the only ones there. You know?
27) 0) text: MUSIC UP: The EELS’ COVER OF THE RUTLES’ “I Must Be In Love”. TIME LAPSE of Charlie and Cam on the phone togethe as, separately, they watch T.V., cook dinner, drive in the car, lounge around the house, and iSight wit each other online. INTERCUT with this are shots from their personal lives. 6 Charlie continuing to work on patients, Cam in the Pengui Habitat (at one point video-taping the birds for research We also see Charlie actively trying to make himself “unavailable” to the many women who are still pursuing hi We see him slipping on a wedding ring before welcoming fe clients into the office. He puts out a PHOTOSHOPPED pictu of himself with a UNKNOWN BRIDE in his office to make it like he’s already married. We even see him camouflaging h appearance as he heads out to his car. All the while he and Cam enjoy each other’s phone company laughing, smiling and most of all, happy. 69 70 71 76. INT. STU’S OFFICE - THE NEXT DAY 69 Stu looks unhappier than we’ve ever seen him.
28) 0) text: Stu and Charlie stand by the shallow end. The diving boar in the distance. Stu screws up his courage and walks towa Eleanor. 72 77. Charlie’s P.O.V. -- from a distance, Charlie watches with satisfaction as Stu chats it up with Eleanor. INT. CHARLIE’S HOUSE/CAM’S HOUSE - BATHROOM - NIGHT 72 Charlie and Cam are on the phone. They each soak in a bub bath. Completely pruned, it’s obvious that they have been talking for hours.
28) 1) dialog: I can’t believe you’re still sick. How long has it been?
28) 3) dialog: At this point, I wouldn’t mind. (girly giggle) God, I feel like a kid again. I haven’t talked to someone on the phone this much since high school.
28) 5) dialog: I love your voice. The crazy thing is... I can’t picture you anymore.
28) 7) dialog: Can I ask you something... Are you avoiding actually seeing me?
28) 9) dialog: Come over. Right now. Wash my back. (silence) I’ll wear a mask. We can both wear masks. We'll play doctor. 78.
28) 11) dialog: “But” nothing. I need to see you. I need to see if that birthmark you have really looks like Alfred Hitchcock. Charlie bites his tongue, not knowing what to say. CAM (cont ’d) Okay. If I can’t see you, maybe we could at least take our phone relationship to the next level.
28) 13) dialog: Mmmm, yeah. Oh, yeah. Do you like that?
28) 15) dialog: (out of character) That’s my phone sex voice. Work with me here. (sexy again) Sometimes when I’m out of batteries, I like to use my electric toothbrush.
28) 17) dialog: It’s just a little phone sex.
28) 21) dialog: Hi.
28) 23) dialog: What happened to your cough?
28) 25) dialog: Well, I hate to disappoint. 74 80. And with that, she pulls him inside...
29) 0) text: Yes, we've arrived at the requisite “love making” montage between Charlie and Cam. MUSIC SWELLS as they start to ma love. Halfway through the scene, we see Cam detach a VIDEO CAME from its tripod and smile over to Charlie.
29) 1) dialog: I think we need a well-documented historical record of this monumental occasion. How about you? Charlie nods like a puppy dog. Of course he’s game. -- Our couple takes turns with the camera as the scene continues to be beautifully shot and scored. Think “9 1/2 Weeks” meets “Red Shoe Diaries”. Back-lit. Primary colore lights wash over their gorgeous bodies. As the MUSIC FADES, we DISSOLVE to them in bed together. Snuggled in a stop-the-hands-of-time embrace. A poetic moment. Then... both of them rise up quickly with excitement.
29) 4) dialog: Turn it off, good God, turn We’ve made a terrible it off. mistake! INT. CAM’S BEDROOM - LATE NIGHT 75 Cam sleeps peacefully. Charlie next to her, gazing at her perfect face. Lit by the flicker of the television. A gentle moment. Then...
29) 5) dialog: (without opening her eyes) Stop looking at me. You’re freakin’ me out. Charlie smiles warmly and rolls over. On the T.V., a LOCA NEWS PROGRAM is on. The CHYRON reads: “OBESITY IN AMERICA There are quick shots of FAT PEOPLE as a reporter talks t the camera (the sound muted). SUDDENLY, Charlie’s face fills with panic. He moves for t TIVO remote and hits PAUSE. REVERSE. BACK. BACK. BACK. STOP. On the SCREEN -- a PAUSED IMAGE that is clearly ELEANOR SKEPPLE -- KISSING A HEFTY MAN.
30) 0) text: CLOSE ON Cam, who is sleeping soundly. A cup of coffee co into frame and is swirled about. A smile comes over her:
30) 1) dialog: Mmmm... breakfast in bed. Her eyes open as we PULL OUT to REVEAL that it is TRULY BREAKFAST IN BED. The entire bed is filled with food. It looks like she woke up in the middle of the Bellagio buffet in Vegas. Scrambled eggs, omelettes, fried eggs, bacon, sausage, biscuits, toast, muffins, pancakes, waffl crepes, every imaginable kind of juice, etc. cam is taken aback.
30) 3) dialog: Am I supposed to eat my way out?
30) 5) dialog: (a little confused) Thank you. 78 84. She sits up (careful not to spill anything) and picks up piece of toast. She looks over to Charlie, who looks a little tweaked. CAM (cont‘d) Are you okay?
30) 7) dialog: You’re acting kind of strange.
30) 9) dialog: Well... I’ve got to go to work.
30) 11) dialog: Can we play it by ear?
31) 2) text: 79 85. CHARLIE (INTO PHONE) (cont'd) And I’m looking forward to Saturday night. And Sunday. And Wednesday. Okay, bye. Charlie flips the phone off. Stu looks over to him, wanti to say something, but doesn’t. A beat later, Charlie flips the phone open again and dial CHARLIE (INTO PHONE) (cont’d) (acting surprised) Cam? Cam, is that you? Oh, my God, I must have dialed you instead by accident. I meant to call the... library. How funny is that? (then) Right. Work. Of course. Okay, bye. Charlie flips his phone off. He and Stu continue to walk silence. Charlie opens the phone again and dials. CHARLIE (INTO PHONE) (cont‘d) Hey, guess who? Listen, I just wanted to tell you that I won’t call again. So, if you need or want to talk to me, for whatever reason, you’ll have to call me. (then) No problem. Okay, this is it. My last... transmission. This call. Here. Bye. Bye. Bye. B-- Before Charlie finishes saying “Bye” again, Stu rips the phone out of his hand, drops it on the floor, and STOMPS IT AGGRESSIVELY. The phone shatters into a million pieces After a beat, Stu continues walking.
31) 7) dialog: (softly) What the he-- There is a KNOCK ON THE DOOR. Cam goes to it. FOUR MEN IN TUXES STAND AT THE DOOR. One of them blows on a tuning harmonica and then, in perf harmony, they sing a barbershop quartet version of Beyonc “Crazy in Love”:
32) 0) text: Cam makes her way toward her car. As she approaches, she slows, a look of dismay materializing on her face. PIVOT to REVEAL Cam’s car. Tin cans are tied to the back bumper and there are hearts and written in soap all over car. On the back window, a big sign reading: “ALMOST MARRIED". 81 82 87.
35) 0) text: Cam driving down the highway at a healthy clip. SUDDENLY, behind her, a POLICE CAR flashes its lights. Cam’s car pulls over. Behind them, in the distance, we se Charlie pulling over as well. INT. CHARLIE’S CAR - CONTINUOUS 85 Charlie hovers down behind his steering wheel, spying. CHARLIE’S P.O.V. -- we watch as a MUSCULAR POLICEMAN step out of his car.
36) 0) text: The Officer knocks on Cam’s window. She rolls it down.
36) 2) dialog: Yes, officer. Cam hands the policeman her information. SUDDENLY, FROM BEHIND, a car (Charlie’s car) COMES SCREAM PAST, HONKING ITS HORN AND BREAKING THE SOUND BARRIER. 87 88 90.
36) 5) dialog: Charlie?
39) 0) text: Charlie walks in and starts looking for Cam. He rides the people-mover conveyer belt. Two penguins bat a balloon ba and forth, but Cam is nowhere to be found. Charlie sees Joe in the tank, feeding the birds. He moves the glass and knocks. When Joe looks up, Charlie waves. Joe approaches the window and points to a sign that reads “Please don’t knock on glass”. Joe goes back to work. 92. Charlie glances into the gift shop. Still no Cam. He sees book on the shelf with Howard’s big smiling mug on it. Ug From out of his pocket, he pulls an ENGAGEMENT RING BOX. glances inside -- yup, just as we expected... an engageme ring. Not good. He fingers it for a moment and then re- pockets the box. FINALLY, he sees Cam enter the far end of the Penguin Tan She’s wearing a DIVE SUIT. TRIUMPHANT LOVE MUSIC SWELLS as Charlie runs toward the window -- he is about to bang on the glass (in a total "T Graduate” moment) when he remembers the sign “Please Don’ Knock on Glass”.
39) 3) dialog: Stop it! Stop it!!! The Guards release Charlie, who dusts himself off. 93. CAM (cont'd) (CONT'D) Charlie, what the hell are you doing? He’s speechless.
39) 5) dialog: (sotto) Charlie, why have you been acting sO... crazy? Charlie is about to defend himself but looks around to se the crowd gathered and realizes his behavior has no defen
39) 7) dialog: Let me guess. You’re a lucky charm and you’re afraid I might marry the next person I date. So you're acting like a nut-job trying to keep me? Charlie balks, too embarrassed to say, “exactly”. AN OLDE WOMAN uses a moment of silence to approach.
39) 10) dialog: Listen, I think we should take a break. 90
39) 15) dialog: I’m sorry, Charlie. You're just not who I thought you were. Cam turns and walks back into the Penguin Tank. She puts her mask and jumps into the water, disappearing from Charlie’s life forever.
40) 11) dialog: (gently; to the bird) I’m so sorry, little buddy. Joe enters and sits down next to them.
40) 13) dialog: His girlfriend died. (gently brushing him) He stopped grooming himself. (MORE)
40) 14) text: 92 97. CAM (cont'd) (disheartened) This is the hardest part of this job. Almost worst than losing one. He’1l probably never try to find someone to replace her. Joe slides over and helps to pamper the poor little guy. CAM (cont‘d) It’s heart-breaking, isn’t it? To think that you can fit together with someone so completely that when they’re gone, there’s no one to fill the empty space. After a beat.
40) 16) dialog: He's changed. He’s crazy.
45) 0) text: BITTERSWEET MUSIC CONTINUES as we watch Cam hustle down t street toward a COFFEE SHOP. She checks her watch and loo around the place. She approaches someone sitting with his back toward her. When the man turns, we REVEAL that it’s Howard, who greet her with a hug. She sits with a warm smile.
46) 0) text: CLOSE ON CAM -- sitting on the lush grass. She’s laughing Having a nice time talking to Howard. They laugh some more...
47) 0) text: The MUSIC CONTINUES as Howard and Cam have dinner at a fa restaurant on the water. More conversation. More bonding. Howard knocks over his glass of water. Cam bursts out laughing. These two are perfect for each other. lol 102 105.
48) 0) text: Cam and Howard are in the Habitat tank. Howard plays with the penguins as Cam proudly shows off her flat-footed friends, video-taping their antics with her camera. AT THE FAR END OF THE HABITAT, we see Charlie in the distance, coming around the bend on the PEOPLE MOVER. He sees Cam talking to Howard in the tank. He nods his he trying to be happy for her. But that emotion is quickly followed by dysphoria as he starts to walk backwards on t mover -- hoping they won’t see him. He walks against the grain and toward the entrance again, bumping into a RED- HEADED WOMAN as he goes. The MUSIC FADES as he slowly turns and walks out of the park... INT. CHARLIE’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS 102 The room is DARK AND GLOOMY. Shutters closed. It feels li a morgue. Charlie sits on the couch. In a robe. Eyes open He could be dead. SUDDENLY, light streams in the door as Stu bursts in. He starts talking immediately.
59) 0) text: From the other side of the terminal, Charlie sees Cam boarding the other flight. He RUSHES OVER, giving his second ticket to the STEWARDES
60) 0) text: Cam finds her seat. She is about to put her carry-on into the overhead compartment. CHARLIE’S VOICE Here, let me help you with that.
60) 1) dialog: Thank you. She turns, surprised, to see Charlie standing next to her Charlie's CAM (cont ’d) Charlie?
60) 3) dialog: Charlie, have you met Howard's wife, Marilyn. The red-headed MARILYN sits at the window. She looks up a smiles politely. Charlie stands there, shocked. 115 116 117 118 112. WE SEE A FLASHBACK WIPE -- (a la “Sixth Sense”, we get to the scenes as they REALLY were). CAM AT THE PARK WITH HOWARD. The camera PULLS back a litt further than before to REVEAL that sitting next to them w Marilyn, enjoying the conversation. CAM AT THE RESTAURANT WITH HOWARD. The camera DOLLIES OVH little to REVEAL Marilyn was also there. Howard spills hi drink again and they all laugh. CAM AND HOWARD IN THE PENGUIN TANK. We see Charlie backin off the People Mover. He BUMPS INTO the red-headed Marily as he makes his way out of the park. BACK TO THE PRESENT --— 118 Charlie realizes he’s made an awful, awful mistake.
60) 5) dialog: But I’1l be back on Wednesday. A long beat. A very long beat.
60) 7) dialog: Howard told me about your call. Charlie braces himself for the slap. CAM (cont'd) That was the nicest thing anyone has ever said about me.
60) 9) dialog: If you wanted me so badly, why did you work so hard to get Howard to meet me?
60) 11) dialog: Not even a little bit. (then) But I’m willing to wipe the slate clean. Start from square one. Before square one.
60) 13) dialog: And I’1l pretend that I don’t like you again. Charlie looks over to Howard who is holding hands with hi wife.
60) 15) dialog: Listen, when I get back, no more flowers, or balloons, or telegrams, or... monkey-grams...
60) 17) dialog: And when I trip over myself, I expect you to still laugh at me.
60) 19) dialog: (nodding) So, I'll see you when I get back. A FEMALE PASSENGER sitting two rows back pipes up.
60) 21) dialog: Can it. He’s mine. And with that, she gives him a kiss that literally change the cabin’s air pressure. They pull apart. Charlie is abo to leave, but...
61) 1) dialog: I promise to sleep by your side, to warm your body and heart, and to nurture your soul. I promise to laugh with you when times are good, and suffer with you when they are bad... (MORE)
61) 2) text: 120 115. CAM (V.O.) (cont'd) and most of all, I promise never to make you live off your own fat. We follow Anisha into her bedroom. She OPENS a SECRET ROO in the back of her closet to REVEAL (to our surprise) a v assortment of WITCHCRAFT PARAPHERNALIA. We continue to he the vows...
62) 0) text: We hear PARTY MUSIC as the CAMERA TRACKS into the DOLPHIN TANK EXHIBIT. As we round the corner we see hundreds of penguins waddling around in little iced cubicles, each wearing their natural black-and-white tuxedos. TILT UP to see hundreds of WEDDING GUESTS. The Dolphin Tank has been covered over with a glass dance floor so that the exquisite animals swim underneath the partying people. It’s unbelievably beautiful. The gang is all here -- and just about everybody is with someone they love. Reba with her new guy, Carol with hers Stacey, Katie, Nicole, Pleasure, Howard with Marilyn, Joe (wearing a HEMP TUX), and even Eleanor Skepple (all with their mates). We finally come upon Stu, his arm around Lara who sports modified bridesmaid dress (altered to make room for her t boob). Stu looks with adoration at his new bride, utterin what is perhaps his only truly sincere line in the film. 121 116. sTU Do you have any idea how much I love you?
63) 0) text: A stunningly beautiful shot of Cam and Charlie enjoying t once-in-a-year sunset together in the snows of Antarctica 122 117. INT. CHARLIE AND CAM’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 122 Stu rifling through Charlie’s dresser drawer. Lara is sitting topless on the bed showing off the most perfect s of three breasts imaginable. They are mesmerizing -- as s Moves, they bounce and sway. (NOTE: these aren’t “TOTAL RECALL” cheesy-looking triple-nipples, we’re talking ILM’ finest.)