3) 0) text: The ocean water shimmers in the moonlight. Two lovers kis passionately by the shore. SUPER: “Present” REVEAL CHARLIE (now 30s) and CAROL, his current girlfrien Charlie has a boyish charm and an infectious grin. He’s t kind of friend who would donate his liver so you could ha another drink. Charlie pulls up for air.
3) 2) dialog: (mischievous ) Now, Charlie... are you just trying to get me into bed?
3) 4) dialog: I love you. Charlie is silent. She repeats it, in case he didn’t hear CAROL (cont'd) I love you. Charlie doesn’t respond. Carol surfaces. CAROL (cont'd) I love you, Charlie.
3) 6) dialog: That's “nice”?! I’m licking sand off your balls and you say, “that’s nice”?
3) 8) dialog: That’s pathetic. Carol starts to walk away. Charlie covers his groin with shirt and chases her down the beach.
3) 10) dialog: The “L” word. What are you, eight?
3) 12) dialog: How about the “F” word? And the “U" word? Without looking back, she walks away down the beach. 10 11 10. Defeated, Charlie walks back to the spot where they undressed. He looks for his pants -- but they have WASHED AWAY in th waves.
12) 8) dialog: Charlie. Stuart.
12) 12) dialog: His name is Renaldo. We just clicked. What can I say? (she smiles at him) I guess you are a lucky charm. We go CLOSE ON Charlie as he gets a look of confusion... INT. CHARLIE’S PACIFIC BEACH HOUSE - EVENING 21 Charlie walks in the door from work, throws his white coa over a chair and walks to his answering machine. He presses the button.
62) 0) text: We hear PARTY MUSIC as the CAMERA TRACKS into the DOLPHIN TANK EXHIBIT. As we round the corner we see hundreds of penguins waddling around in little iced cubicles, each wearing their natural black-and-white tuxedos. TILT UP to see hundreds of WEDDING GUESTS. The Dolphin Tank has been covered over with a glass dance floor so that the exquisite animals swim underneath the partying people. It’s unbelievably beautiful. The gang is all here -- and just about everybody is with someone they love. Reba with her new guy, Carol with hers Stacey, Katie, Nicole, Pleasure, Howard with Marilyn, Joe (wearing a HEMP TUX), and even Eleanor Skepple (all with their mates). We finally come upon Stu, his arm around Lara who sports modified bridesmaid dress (altered to make room for her t boob). Stu looks with adoration at his new bride, utterin what is perhaps his only truly sincere line in the film. 121 116. sTU Do you have any idea how much I love you?