13) 2) dialog: Sorry. Smoke break.
13) 4) dialog: Re-lax. How is anybody gonna know?
13) 6) dialog: (reminiscent) When I was in college, I made a bong out of a dried blow-fish.
13) 8) dialog: Well, I never enrolled. But I sold a ton of shit at Stanford. Cam playfully throws a fish at him and finishes dumping t last bucket into the water. As she turns, she accidentall trips on the SECOND BUCKET. Cam TUMBLES on the top of the PENGUIN SLIDE and starts to SLIP DOWN the chute -- arms flapping, holding fish. She saves herself at the last moment, standing on the edge of ice. Whew!!! JOE (cont‘d) (chortling) And you think I look wasted? At the top of the slide, Cam looks up to see a Penguin ey the fish in her hands. Her smile fades.
13) 10) dialog: Whoa, Murphy, that was radical. Cam surfaces holding her mouth.
21) 14) dialog: No. I haven't. Yup. You the dentist? CHARLIE (cont'd) So, I am the dude!
21) 16) dialog: And you said--
21) 20) dialog: What are you talking about? He looks down and realizes he’s topless. This starts a stoner-giggle that goes on longer than it should. A LITTLE GIRL approaches, tugging on Cam’s pant leg. 57.
21) 24) dialog: She’d love to.
24) 5) dialog: Forgot your keys again? She nods, pulling her bra out of her pocket.
24) 7) dialog: (offering her a chip) How’d your date go?
24) 9) dialog: How are you playing it?
24) 11) dialog: So, what’s the biggie? I thought you weren’t into this guy.
24) 13) dialog: (nods) I feel the same way around Mary. Jane.
31) 4) dialog: (flat) Is there something different in here since lunch? Cam opens the closet to hang her jacket as HUNDREDS OF RE
31) 9) dialog: Hey -- you guys do Free Bird?!
39) 0) text: Charlie walks in and starts looking for Cam. He rides the people-mover conveyer belt. Two penguins bat a balloon ba and forth, but Cam is nowhere to be found. Charlie sees Joe in the tank, feeding the birds. He moves the glass and knocks. When Joe looks up, Charlie waves. Joe approaches the window and points to a sign that reads “Please don’t knock on glass”. Joe goes back to work. 92. Charlie glances into the gift shop. Still no Cam. He sees book on the shelf with Howard’s big smiling mug on it. Ug From out of his pocket, he pulls an ENGAGEMENT RING BOX. glances inside -- yup, just as we expected... an engageme ring. Not good. He fingers it for a moment and then re- pockets the box. FINALLY, he sees Cam enter the far end of the Penguin Tan She’s wearing a DIVE SUIT. TRIUMPHANT LOVE MUSIC SWELLS as Charlie runs toward the window -- he is about to bang on the glass (in a total "T Graduate” moment) when he remembers the sign “Please Don’ Knock on Glass”.
39) 2) dialog: Is that plural for uvula? Charlie steps down from the rail, expecting the romantic climax of two lovers jumping into one another’s arms. Instead he gets TACKLED BY TWO PARK SECURITY GUARDS and wrestled to the ground. Cam and Joe run out to them to stop things before they escalate.
39) 13) dialog: (looking at the glass) Hey, look... the plural for uvula spells “I love you” backwards. Charlie pulls away from the security guards and moves to earnest and pleading. Here it is... the speech of the mov
40) 12) dialog: What’s up with Jester?
40) 14) text: 92 97. CAM (cont'd) (disheartened) This is the hardest part of this job. Almost worst than losing one. He’1l probably never try to find someone to replace her. Joe slides over and helps to pamper the poor little guy. CAM (cont‘d) It’s heart-breaking, isn’t it? To think that you can fit together with someone so completely that when they’re gone, there’s no one to fill the empty space. After a beat.
40) 15) dialog: You should call him.
40) 17) dialog: To quote Beyoncé: “Your love's got me lookin’ so crazy right now. Got me lookin’ so crazy right now. Your touch's got me lookin’ so crazy right now.” Have I made my point? From the look on her face, he has.
62) 0) text: We hear PARTY MUSIC as the CAMERA TRACKS into the DOLPHIN TANK EXHIBIT. As we round the corner we see hundreds of penguins waddling around in little iced cubicles, each wearing their natural black-and-white tuxedos. TILT UP to see hundreds of WEDDING GUESTS. The Dolphin Tank has been covered over with a glass dance floor so that the exquisite animals swim underneath the partying people. It’s unbelievably beautiful. The gang is all here -- and just about everybody is with someone they love. Reba with her new guy, Carol with hers Stacey, Katie, Nicole, Pleasure, Howard with Marilyn, Joe (wearing a HEMP TUX), and even Eleanor Skepple (all with their mates). We finally come upon Stu, his arm around Lara who sports modified bridesmaid dress (altered to make room for her t boob). Stu looks with adoration at his new bride, utterin what is perhaps his only truly sincere line in the film. 121 116. sTU Do you have any idea how much I love you?