48) 4) dialog: It’s okay. I mean, if you want. (a weight lifted) I used to be embarrassed until stu made me realize how special I was. Without waiting for Charlie’s consent, Lara lifts her shi Although we don’t see the boobs (unfortunately, we see th scene from behind her), we DO see Charlie’s reaction.
48) 7) dialog: I’m friends with Katie and she told me that Cam Wexler--
48) 10) dialog: Anyway, Katie said that Cam said that she’s leaving for Antarctica with some penguin guru. A beat as Charlie takes this in. Calmly...
62) 0) text: We hear PARTY MUSIC as the CAMERA TRACKS into the DOLPHIN TANK EXHIBIT. As we round the corner we see hundreds of penguins waddling around in little iced cubicles, each wearing their natural black-and-white tuxedos. TILT UP to see hundreds of WEDDING GUESTS. The Dolphin Tank has been covered over with a glass dance floor so that the exquisite animals swim underneath the partying people. It’s unbelievably beautiful. The gang is all here -- and just about everybody is with someone they love. Reba with her new guy, Carol with hers Stacey, Katie, Nicole, Pleasure, Howard with Marilyn, Joe (wearing a HEMP TUX), and even Eleanor Skepple (all with their mates). We finally come upon Stu, his arm around Lara who sports modified bridesmaid dress (altered to make room for her t boob). Stu looks with adoration at his new bride, utterin what is perhaps his only truly sincere line in the film. 121 116. sTU Do you have any idea how much I love you?
62) 1) dialog: (answering with a callback of Stu’s earlier line) Do bridesmaids give head in the coat room?
62) 3) dialog: Why don’t we go find out...? They make a quick exit toward the foyer, passing Cam and Charlie who are taking the floor for their “first dance”. Charlie spins Cam, who trips on her train, stumbling back She grabs a hold of Charlie to keep herself from falling only manages to take him with her as they both FALL BACKW
63) 0) text: A stunningly beautiful shot of Cam and Charlie enjoying t once-in-a-year sunset together in the snows of Antarctica 122 117. INT. CHARLIE AND CAM’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 122 Stu rifling through Charlie’s dresser drawer. Lara is sitting topless on the bed showing off the most perfect s of three breasts imaginable. They are mesmerizing -- as s Moves, they bounce and sway. (NOTE: these aren’t “TOTAL RECALL” cheesy-looking triple-nipples, we’re talking ILM’ finest.)
63) 1) dialog: What are you looking for?