6) 4) dialog: Dr. Charlie, you’re five minutes late. You’ve got four fillings, three cleanings, two crowns, and a canal. You've got too many patients and I’ve got too little patience for you to be gabbing gossip with Dr. Boobjobs in the hallway.
6) 6) dialog: Were you just looking at my tits?
6) 8) dialog: Because I am more than happy with what the Lord Almighty gave me. And if you don’t want me to squash you like the bug that you are-- sTU (actually scared) I promise. I wasn’t looking at-- Reba holds up a finger, silencing him. Temporarily satisfied, she walks back in the office, dragging Charlie back inside with her.
16) 17) dialog: Hi, Dr. Kagan. Charlie is startled.
16) 19) dialog: Sorry. I didn’t mean to scare you. I used the key you left me in case of emergencies. Charlie puts his coat down and turns on another light. A long beat. Reba doesn’t move. Finally...
16) 21) dialog: I know about the charm. (Charlie looks at her, dumbfounded) (MORE)
16) 22) text: REBA (cont'd) Somebody posted about you on my internet dating site.
16) 24) dialog: That’s what I thought. But then I went to Urban-Legends-Dot-Com and nobody has disproved it. (then; random) Did you know that Walt Disney was cremated and not frozen?
16) 26) dialog: (changing tact) Dr. Kagan, you’ve always been there for me.
16) 28) dialog: When Reggie died four years ago, you sent that beautiful card. Remember what you wrote? (recalling) “If there’s anything I can do, please let me know.”
16) 30) dialog: (matter-of-factly) Well, I’m letting you know. Reba throws off her coat to REVEAL that she’s wearing LAC GARTERS and a BUSTIER that could hold up a house. She sta to stalk him around the living room. He backs away.
16) 32) dialog: These panties are edible. But I'd avoid the tush area as I’ve been sitting for about three hours.
16) 34) dialog: I’m not saying you are. But the next guy might be. If we're together, I’1l find my soul mate.
16) 36) dialog: Don't worry, I'll do everything. She starts to remove his shirt. Resistance is futile. REBA (cont’d) Please. Just close your eyes and imagine somebody beautiful. This stops Charlie dead in his tracks. He lifts Reba’s fa so that he looks into her eyes.
17) 0) text: Charlie and Stu practice. Stu SWINGS and side-swipes the ball. It ricochets off the wood protective panelling and shoots back, almost decapitating him. 43. sTU (surprised) Reba?!? You slept with Reba!?!
18) 6) dialog: Ms. Wexler? The doctor will see you now. Cam stands and moves toward the door as one of the women calls to her.
40) 0) text: It’s raining. Pouring. We see Reba exiting the building, brandishing an umbrella for protection. She passes a couple of bums on the street (one huddled on bus stop bench). She stops and turns back, realizing...
40) 1) dialog: Dr. Kagan? 95. Charlie looks up from the bench. He’s soaked and looking miserable.
40) 3) dialog: I was calling you all day. Where have you been?
40) 5) dialog: Things can't be that bad. (then) You know, I owe you a “thank you”. I met a guy. He’s... wonderful. I really think he’s the one.
40) 7) dialog: You've done a good thing. You've helped people find love. This doesn’t seem to lift Charlie’s spirits. Reba puts he umbrella over him and they sit in silence for a moment. In front of them, a HOMELESS MAN wrapped in garbage bags picks through a trash can looking for recyclables. REBA (cont’d) Do you know how many women there are out there? Waiting? For you? (pointing to the downpour) One for every raindrop. The HOMELESS MAN drops a bottle. Charlie looks down as th BOTTLE SPINS ON THE WET ASPHALT. The spinning takes on an almost magical quality. 91 96. It stops, pointing across the street. Charlie glances up see a GOTH-LOOKING GIRL standing at the bus stop (althoug different girl, she looks strikingly similar to our Goth from the opening make-out party). The girl gazes directly Charlie. Eerie. We realize that Reba has been talking the entire time. Ab what, we don’t know. REBA (cont’d) Dr. Kagan? Are you all right?
40) 9) dialog: That’s why... I’m holding... an umbrella over you.
62) 0) text: We hear PARTY MUSIC as the CAMERA TRACKS into the DOLPHIN TANK EXHIBIT. As we round the corner we see hundreds of penguins waddling around in little iced cubicles, each wearing their natural black-and-white tuxedos. TILT UP to see hundreds of WEDDING GUESTS. The Dolphin Tank has been covered over with a glass dance floor so that the exquisite animals swim underneath the partying people. It’s unbelievably beautiful. The gang is all here -- and just about everybody is with someone they love. Reba with her new guy, Carol with hers Stacey, Katie, Nicole, Pleasure, Howard with Marilyn, Joe (wearing a HEMP TUX), and even Eleanor Skepple (all with their mates). We finally come upon Stu, his arm around Lara who sports modified bridesmaid dress (altered to make room for her t boob). Stu looks with adoration at his new bride, utterin what is perhaps his only truly sincere line in the film. 121 116. sTU Do you have any idea how much I love you?