1) 0) text: SUPER: “1981” Two eager and anxious 10-year-olds make their way up the to the front steps. Meet skinny CHARLIE KAGAN, and his be friend, the portly STU KLAMINSKY. They each carry gifts. Charlie’s present is meticulously wrapped with bow and ribbon... Stu’s is cobbled together newspaper and duct tape. sTU (excited) Seven minutes in heaven! What could be better than seven minutes in heaven?
1) 3) dialog: Inside, man. And third base is finger!
1) 5) dialog: Or thumb.
1) 9) dialog: Tongue kissing.
1) 12) dialog: (without missing a beat as he rings the bell) I have no idea. But I overheard my dad saying that he gets one once a year on his birthday so it must be good. BRITTA COOKSEY, a prepubescent peach, opens the door.
1) 15) text: OLIVIA NEWTON-JOHN moans the lyrics to “Physical” as we g CLOSE ON A SPINNING BOTTLE. PULL OUT as the bottle slows and comes to a stop, pointin a little blonde pixie named JENNIFER. Stu throws up his hands in triumph! The PARTY-GOERS shriek with glee.
1) 16) dialog: You. Me. Closet. Seven minutes. Heaven. Jennifer looks like she just received a death sentence. A she and Stu walk toward the closet, we catch Charlie eyei the birthday girl in rhapsody. He awkwardly smiles at her. We RACK-FOCUS to discover another little girl catching the look. She’s a GOTH GIRL outcast and hasn’t taken her eyes off Charlie all evening She just STARES while fingering a Wicca-style pentagram necklace that hangs around her neck. It’s a little creepy A couple of the school-kids snicker and LOCK Stu and Jenn inside the closet.
1) 17) text: Stu starts to saunter over to Jennifer, attempting his be James Dean (but coming off more like Porky Pig).
1) 19) dialog: Deal. If you say we did the nasty.
1) 21) dialog: Say I touched you “down there”.
2) 1) dialog: Wait. Stu pulls Charlie aside and whispers to him. STU (cont'd) Who are you aiming for?
2) 4) dialog: Blowjob. I/’11 tell you about it later. The boys head back to the circle and Charlie carefully SP THE BOTTLE. It turns. And turns. And turns. Slowing as it reaches Britta Cooksey. Yes. Closer. Closer. Nooooooooo!!!!! It just misses her and spins past. And POINTS DIRECTLY at the GOTH GIRL. Charlie smiles uncomfortably. She just STARES...
2) 12) dialog: That was quick...
2) 25) dialog: We interrupt this news report to bring you the following information -- no duhi Goth Girl stands above Charlie, who struggles to stand.
2) 29) dialog: Right on. Turn him into a toad! The Goth Girl spins on Charlie, possessed. She spits a cu at him.
2) 31) dialog: Is that Phil Collins? Charlie is finally standing, but Goth Girl PUSHES HIM BAC INTO THE CLOSET AGAIN AND EXITS. STORAGE BOXES rain on top of Charlie. Stu rushes into the closet and looks down at the still-terrified Charlie. STU (cont'd) What happened? Did you thumb her? off Charlie’s scarred-for-life look, we...
5) 0) text: Charlie and STU (now 30s) grab drinks from a coffee cart the pharmacy of Charlie’s building. Stu has become a plastic surgeon. He was a nerd as a kid, and success has now made Stu a nerd with too much money. He has a little dried blood on his jacket.
5) 2) dialog: Do bridesmaids give head in the coat room? Do you know how easy it is to score at a wedding?
5) 6) dialog: Your mother sucks a mean cock. (without missing a beat) You going to the wedding with Carol?
5) 8) dialog: Why didn’t you tell me?
5) 10) dialog: She was so into you, man.
5) 12) dialog: Chuck, love is not a four letter word. 12 12.
5) 14) dialog: Hey, breast reconstruction is a messy job. THEY STEP INTO THE ELEVATOR to head up to their offices.
5) 16) dialog: That's disgusting. I’1l have you know that I’m a professional. A beat. Then, unable to hold it, STU LAUGHS LOUDLY. The doors close on him laughing.
6) 0) text: They get out of the elevator and move to their separate offices. Stu’s sign reads: “DR. STUART KLAMINSKY -- RECONSTRUCTIVE SURGERY”. Charlie’s reads: “DR. CHARLES KAGAN; DDS”. The two best friends are literally across th hallway from each other. A GIGANTICALLY BUXOM BLONDE approaches Stu’s office.
6) 2) dialog: (sly whisper) I’ve jerked off to her X-rays.
6) 5) dialog: Hi, Reba, nice to see you. Reba doesn’t acknowledge him. She starts back in, but suddenly spins on Stu.
6) 7) dialog: What? No.
8) 0) text: The reception is in full swing. Drinking, dancing, eating An EIGHTY-YEAR-OLD WOMAN finishes off a gut-wrenchingly horrific rendition of “Oops, I Did it Again” before the cheesy D.J. cuts her off. D.Jd. Thank you, Grandma Loretta. Up next we have Uncle Murray singing “Darling Nikki”. Yes... it is a KARAOKE WEDDING -- God help us all! In the far corner (furthest from the speakers), Stu hover next to Charlie.
8) 1) dialog: Listen, you’re my wing-man. If the blonde asks, I’m a multi- billionaire who invented ketchup. If it’s the redhead, I wrote “We Are the World”. And if it’s that cheerleader hottie, my penis is in the Guinness Book of World Records. Girth, not length... I want it to sound believable. Charlie nods without listening. He’s too busy watching Tracey chat it up with the BEST MAN. A BEAUTY in a bridesmaid dress walks by. Stu smiles. STU (cont’d) Batter up! 17. He follows her off, as the bride, KATIE, sidles up next t Charlie. She kisses him on the cheek as Uncle Murray grinds the stage floor.
9) 27) dialog: Well, here I am... what are your other two wishes?
9) 32) dialog: (to Cam) He’s jealous because he cleans plaque all day while I’m making the world a better place.
9) 37) dialog: Hey, are you ladies familiar with the Guinness Book of World Records? The cheesy KARAOKE SONG being sung on stage cross-—dissol into a cheesy elevator MUSAK rendition, as we... Cur TO:
10) 3) dialog: Yo, Chuck. Come back here for a sec. 19 20 25. Charlie heads toward the examination room. As we follow h we see a quick glimpse of MICKEY ROURKE in the waiting ro
11) 0) text: Charlie walks into a room with Stu and a TOPLESS BLONDE W GIGANTIC FAKE BREASTS. Charlie starts to step out of the room.
11) 5) dialog: We're looking for a second opinion. What do you think? Are they even? Embarrassed, Charlie looks over at the mammoth mammaries. They are obscenely large... but even.
12) 0) text: Walk-and-talk through the streets of San Diego’s historic Light District. Stu and Charlie munch on hot-dogs.
12) 3) dialog: (playing along) “License”? What do you mean? You need a license? Charlie moves toward Stu conspiratorially.
12) 5) dialog: Other than your aversion to women’s breasts?
12) 7) dialog: Well, somebody’s had a full cup of himself today. Stu looks over Charlie’s shoulder to see CAROL STANDING I SHOP, WEARING A WEDDING GOWN! She sees the gawking twosom and steps outside to greet them. She looks much happier than she did while she was ditchin Charlie on the beach.
12) 10) dialog: (re: wedding dress) Are those back in season again? Carol holds out her hand to display a MASSIVE ENGAGEMENT RING. Charlie stares at Carol, confused. 21 27.
17) 0) text: Charlie and Stu practice. Stu SWINGS and side-swipes the ball. It ricochets off the wood protective panelling and shoots back, almost decapitating him. 43. sTU (surprised) Reba?!? You slept with Reba!?!
17) 2) dialog: You’re telling me that you’ve got the power to turn any hot chick into a knob-gobbling, lance waxing, fleshmonger and you’re ploughing the back forty with Reba? Stu SLICES another ball -- It hits the fence 90 degrees t the right. Somebody ducks.
17) 4) dialog: (pointing conspicuously) Check it. That is the kind of tail you should be chasin’. The PASSING FEMALE GOLFER he refers to is GORGEOUS. STU (cont'd) I’d suck a fart out of her ass and hold it like a bong hit. Charlie hits a long, straight, perfect drive. Stu hits another ball that ricochets off his ball bucket and bounc BEHIND HIM.
17) 6) dialog: Dude! Let me get this straight. They all think you’re a lucky charm. Carol said it. Katie said it at the wedding.
17) 10) dialog: Who the hell cares if it’s true?!? Wake up, man! You got it made. What’s the only thing that all women want? (Charlie doesn’t answer) To get married. Raise rug-rats. (then) And, apparently, you hold the ticket to the big show! Do you know what this means? Trim. You're gonna be seein’ trim like Tommy Lee. Like Colin Farrell. Like Ellen DeGeneres.
17) 12) dialog: (ignoring him) Chicks. 24 hours a day. 7 days a week. 56 weeks a year. Boul-ya!
17) 14) dialog: Was Martin Luther King Jr. taking advantage when he said... that thing at the place? I don’t think so. Was Ghandi taking advantage when he, you know, did his thing. Don’t tell me Ghandi didn’t score some sweet Native American trim. 45.
17) 17) dialog: Well, stop dipping your foot in the pool and dive the fuck in. Charlie looks up to see the gorgeous Female Golfer checki him out. STU (cont'd) And think about this: you’d be providing a much needed public service. You'd be helping women find love. Charlie shakes his head and chuckles at Stu’s idiocy. STU (cont'd) Don’t bitch to me that you haven’t found Miss Right if you’ve got women lining up for the position and you turning your back on them. Charlie nods his... you know, he might be right. STU (cont’d) You know I'm right! So go on already... (ve: Female Golfer) ++.take one for the team. Stu lines up his next shot. STU (cont’d) Do you need a good pick-up line? Because I could help with that. Ask her if it hurt when she fell from heaven. Or tell her... 34 35 36 37 38 46. Stu realizes Charlie is no longer there. He looks around find him talking to the Female Golfer. He smiles, satisfi then hits another ball, SMASHING the snack bar window.
17) 30) dialog: Yeah, this is him. You got a girl you wanna marry? Boyfriend nods and flashes a stack of cash. Charlie shake his head, instantly taking offense.
18) 0) text: Charlie and Stu throw a frisbee in the park. Charlie’s throws are dead on. Stu has less accuracy with a frisbee than he does with a golf ball. 50. sTU What do you mean, “it feels empty”.
18) 3) dialog: I’ll tell you “not satisfying”. Last night I masturbated into a grapefruit. (off Charlie’s look) Well, I put it in the microwave first, heat it up a little, which helped... but still. Stu’s spastic throw CLOCKS a GRANDMOTHER in the head. STU (cont'd) My bad. (asking for it back) Little help? The woman puts the frisbee in her purse and walks away. Irked, Stu throws up his arms. Charlie approaches.
18) 5) dialog: I have no idea what you just said. 46 47 51. INT. CHARLIE’S OFFICE - WAITING ROOM - DAY 46 PAN ACROSS a half-dozen women sitting and waiting patient in Charlie’s office. REVEAL Cam, also waiting. Sporting multiple band-aids. Reba opens the door and looks to Cam.
21) 47) dialog: “Perfectly imperfect”? What the hell does that mean?
21) 49) dialog: I’m a plastic surgeon. I see a flaw and I pour spackle over it. Charlie gets all warm thinking about her.
21) 52) dialog: (big smile) It’s what I’m gonna retire on, my friend. Stu opens a locked cabinet and places the jar on the shel next to two dozen other glass jars, filled with different looking artifacts. STU (cont'd) I’m gonna sell all this shit on Ebay for mad cash. Stu holds up a glass jar with two plastic implants in it. STU (cont’d) Pamela Lee's breast implants.
21) 55) dialog: You know how much some sick dude is gonna pay for these? Holding up the bottle of whitish-reddish gunk. STU (cont'd) Mira Sorvino’s thigh fat.
21) 58) dialog: (pointing to each one) Jennifer Grey’s septum, Michael Douglas’ droopy eye-lid, Burt Reynolds’ neck skin, Joan Rivers, Joan Rivers, Joan Rivers, Tori Spelling’s nose shavings, and the coup de grace, Jennifer Connelly’s breast reduction.
21) 60) dialog: Don’t be stupid. That’s bona fide Jennifer Connelly boob. Stu closes and locks up the cabinet with great care. He brings the conversation back around again... STU (cont’d) So, Charlie’s got a crush?
21) 62) dialog: So, since you’re out of play, you won’t mind if I call up some of your ex-girlfriends?
21) 66) dialog: You lost me.
21) 68) dialog: Did you go off your meds? Charlie EXITS Stu’s office and walks through the waiting filled with beautiful buxom women -- but Charlie doesn’t notice. He just shrugs back to Stu with a goofy smile. As we follow him out (like in the earlier scene), we see quick glimpse of GARY BUSEY in the waiting room.
23) 11) dialog: Dude... One word and Charlie already knows who it is.
23) 13) dialog: You're gonna want to hear this. Charlie looks over to Cam who is now stretched out on som rocks. Her hands aren’t waiting for Charlie to come back. She enjoys giving him a show.
23) 16) dialog: Fine, if you wanna lose Cam forever, hang up the phone.
23) 20) dialog: Yeah? Well I started calling your exes to take the Hummer on a little bush patrol, if you know what I mean. (then) And they’re married. Every single one you closed the deal with.
23) 22) dialog: You'd think so, right? But you'd be wrong! A to Z on your palm pilot. Cathleen Alexander to Jeannie Zokovitch. All married. As he talks, Stu looks at the wedding announcements page the paper. 59 70. STU (cont'd) Even Tracey! The nurse! The girl you brought to Katie’s wedding? (loudly) She’s marrying the best man! The guy right after you! Charlie is speechless. Stu picks up a piece of paper from his couch and dusts away the pizza crumbs. STU (cont'd) And did you see this month’s high school newsletter. Kari Lizer.
23) 24) dialog: Did you see who she wound up marrying? Bobby Romanus. That douchebag she dumped you for. Charlie is silent. STU (cont'd) Are you there? Charlie turns back to see Cam standing on top of the rock TOTALLY NAKED and grinning ear to ear. She gives a playfu wave.
25) 1) text: Charlie and Stu walk past sun-tanning beauties and make t way across the concrete-paved den of skin.
25) 2) dialog: You really want to go through with this?
25) 4) dialog: This is gonna get ugly.
25) 6) dialog: (pointing) She’s usually beached over there by that diving board. They start to walk toward the far side of the pool. They approach three people on a towel -- wait a minute -- that not three people -- it’s ONE! STU (cont’d) There she is. Eleanor Skepple.
25) 9) dialog: She’s here every day. Always ina two piece. In addition to the back acne, she’s got front acne and side acne. See the glass of water by her garbage bag of ding-dongs? She keeps her teeth in that glass. She’s grouchy, angry, rude, never tips and has more chest hair than Rin Tin Tin. A beat as Charlie considers this.
25) 11) dialog: Sink the soldier all you want, there's no way this chick is getting married. If she were the last woman on Earth, humanity would come to a screeching halt. Charlie takes a deep breath, then bravely proceeds. Charlie walks past a dozen HOT, HOT, HOT GIRLS in bikinis He stops by Eleanor Skepple. She glares up to him.
27) 0) text: MUSIC UP: The EELS’ COVER OF THE RUTLES’ “I Must Be In Love”. TIME LAPSE of Charlie and Cam on the phone togethe as, separately, they watch T.V., cook dinner, drive in the car, lounge around the house, and iSight wit each other online. INTERCUT with this are shots from their personal lives. 6 Charlie continuing to work on patients, Cam in the Pengui Habitat (at one point video-taping the birds for research We also see Charlie actively trying to make himself “unavailable” to the many women who are still pursuing hi We see him slipping on a wedding ring before welcoming fe clients into the office. He puts out a PHOTOSHOPPED pictu of himself with a UNKNOWN BRIDE in his office to make it like he’s already married. We even see him camouflaging h appearance as he heads out to his car. All the while he and Cam enjoy each other’s phone company laughing, smiling and most of all, happy. 69 70 71 76. INT. STU’S OFFICE - THE NEXT DAY 69 Stu looks unhappier than we’ve ever seen him.
27) 1) dialog: No way. No way, man.
27) 4) dialog: I don’t need your money. I’ve got Mira Sorvino’s thigh fat. I’m going to be a wealthy man.
27) 6) dialog: (eagerly) Hello, ladies... I’m Dr. Kagan. Who's first?
28) 0) text: Stu and Charlie stand by the shallow end. The diving boar in the distance. Stu screws up his courage and walks towa Eleanor. 72 77. Charlie’s P.O.V. -- from a distance, Charlie watches with satisfaction as Stu chats it up with Eleanor. INT. CHARLIE’S HOUSE/CAM’S HOUSE - BATHROOM - NIGHT 72 Charlie and Cam are on the phone. They each soak in a bub bath. Completely pruned, it’s obvious that they have been talking for hours.
28) 19) dialog: The deed is done. I went out with Eleanor. And I’m not proposing to her. So you’re in the clear. (then) Are you there? REVEAL Charlie’s phone sitting on the edge of the bathtub trail of water leading out the bathroom door. Gone!
29) 9) dialog: (half-asleep) Hello?
29) 12) dialog: Naw, I just said that.
29) 15) dialog: I didn’t want to risk it. Marrying her.
29) 17) dialog: No. I asked her what time it was. It was 3:52.
29) 19) dialog: Can I still pretend to be you?
29) 21) dialog: You're really going to let a girl come between us? 77 83.
31) 0) text: Stu and Charlie brave the morning traffic to walk to work Charlie dials his cell phone and waits for an answer.
31) 2) text: 79 85. CHARLIE (INTO PHONE) (cont'd) And I’m looking forward to Saturday night. And Sunday. And Wednesday. Okay, bye. Charlie flips the phone off. Stu looks over to him, wanti to say something, but doesn’t. A beat later, Charlie flips the phone open again and dial CHARLIE (INTO PHONE) (cont’d) (acting surprised) Cam? Cam, is that you? Oh, my God, I must have dialed you instead by accident. I meant to call the... library. How funny is that? (then) Right. Work. Of course. Okay, bye. Charlie flips his phone off. He and Stu continue to walk silence. Charlie opens the phone again and dials. CHARLIE (INTO PHONE) (cont‘d) Hey, guess who? Listen, I just wanted to tell you that I won’t call again. So, if you need or want to talk to me, for whatever reason, you’ll have to call me. (then) No problem. Okay, this is it. My last... transmission. This call. Here. Bye. Bye. Bye. B-- Before Charlie finishes saying “Bye” again, Stu rips the phone out of his hand, drops it on the floor, and STOMPS IT AGGRESSIVELY. The phone shatters into a million pieces After a beat, Stu continues walking.
31) 3) dialog: You’re welcome. INT. CAM’S WORK - PENGUIN HABITAT - AFTERNOON 79 Cam opens the door to her office to find the room FILLED A ZILLION FLOWERS. She wades through them to find a card. It reads: “Miss you already, Charlie”. A stoned Joe shuffles up behind her. 80 86.
33) 0) text: A ball of nerves, Charlie bursts out of his office door ( see that his name-plate is missing for some reason). He walks across the hallway to Stu’s office. As he opens door, he stops momentarily to notice that his own name pl has been duct-tapped on top of Stu’s. Hmmmm.
34) 0) text: Charlie comes barging into Stu’s office. Stu is knee-deep into some heavy-petting with a BLONDE.
34) 1) dialog: (sweet talking) If you were a hamburger at McDonald's... I’d name you McBeautiful.
34) 4) dialog: With what?
34) 6) text: CHARLIE (cont'd) (off Stu’s blank stare) I’m going to be that guy.
34) 7) dialog: You lost me at “hello”.
34) 9) dialog: Charlie, in the history of bad ideas, that falls somewhere in between New Coke and JFK saying “let's take the convertible.”
34) 12) dialog: (facetiously) What? Time machine? Clone her?
34) 14) dialog: The plastic surgery was a better idea.
38) 0) text: Charlie and Stu step out of the jail building and into th POURING RAIN.
38) 1) dialog: So how’s the plan working out for you so far?
38) 3) dialog: Masturbating. (then) Oh, and then I gotta go see my cousin. He found out last week that he’s got an inoperable tumor.
38) 5) dialog: Yeah, he’s got like one week to live. 89 gl.
38) 7) dialog: No. No, no, no.
38) 9) dialog: Charlie, snap out of it, okay? If you love this girl, go tell her! Live happily ever after. Just avoid going nuts while you do it. Charlie nods and mouths “Thank You” and starts away... STU (cont'd) (calling after him) I doubt she’s had time to file a restraining order.
41) 5) dialog: (convinced Chuck is nuts) Okay, I think I should be driving.
41) 7) dialog: Dude, did you forget to pay your brain bill?
41) 9) dialog: This is the address. Stop the car. Stop the car! 94 99. Charlie pulls the car over. He stares at the house.
41) 11) dialog: I don’t know. She wanted to see your penis... Charlie gets out of the car and starts toward the house. STU (cont'd) (suddenly worried) Um... that was a joke?
44) 4) dialog: What about Cam? You opened it for Cam.
44) 6) dialog: Are you done? (Charlie nods) I’m going home. (MORE)
44) 7) text: 97 98 99 100 104. STU (cont'd) Bailing you out of jail every fifteen minutes has seriously eaten into my masturbation time. But Stu’s disposition can’t dampen Charlie’s new resolve.
48) 0) text: Cam and Howard are in the Habitat tank. Howard plays with the penguins as Cam proudly shows off her flat-footed friends, video-taping their antics with her camera. AT THE FAR END OF THE HABITAT, we see Charlie in the distance, coming around the bend on the PEOPLE MOVER. He sees Cam talking to Howard in the tank. He nods his he trying to be happy for her. But that emotion is quickly followed by dysphoria as he starts to walk backwards on t mover -- hoping they won’t see him. He walks against the grain and toward the entrance again, bumping into a RED- HEADED WOMAN as he goes. The MUSIC FADES as he slowly turns and walks out of the park... INT. CHARLIE’S HOUSE - CONTINUOUS 102 The room is DARK AND GLOOMY. Shutters closed. It feels li a morgue. Charlie sits on the couch. In a robe. Eyes open He could be dead. SUDDENLY, light streams in the door as Stu bursts in. He starts talking immediately.
48) 1) dialog: I’m getting married!!! Charlie doesn’t move. STU (cont'd) I found my dream-girl, dude, and I just proposed and it’s all because of you. (calling outside) Lara? Come on in. A moment later, the TREMENDOUSLY STACKED AND PACKED TANK- GIRL (the one who, earlier, wouldn’t take her top off for Charlie) steps in the room. Charlie is obviously surprised to see her (and the huge r on her finger). STU (cont’d) Lara stepped out of heaven and into my office to correct a “condition”. She’s got Polymastia. (MORE)
48) 2) text: STU (cont’d) (off Charlie’s blank look) More than two boobs. You wanna see?
48) 5) dialog: Is that, or is that not, the most beautiful sight you’ve ever seen? It’s like seeing the Grand Canyon for the first time, like seeing Earth from space, like seeing the Olsen Twins make out with each other. Lara puts down her shirt and Stu baby-kisses her a couple times, getting lovey-dovey. Charlie smiles meekly.
48) 8) dialog: --Cam, Cameron, your Cam--
48) 12) dialog: That's what I’m saying to you! CHARLIE SPEEDILY STARTS GETTING DRESSED.
62) 0) text: We hear PARTY MUSIC as the CAMERA TRACKS into the DOLPHIN TANK EXHIBIT. As we round the corner we see hundreds of penguins waddling around in little iced cubicles, each wearing their natural black-and-white tuxedos. TILT UP to see hundreds of WEDDING GUESTS. The Dolphin Tank has been covered over with a glass dance floor so that the exquisite animals swim underneath the partying people. It’s unbelievably beautiful. The gang is all here -- and just about everybody is with someone they love. Reba with her new guy, Carol with hers Stacey, Katie, Nicole, Pleasure, Howard with Marilyn, Joe (wearing a HEMP TUX), and even Eleanor Skepple (all with their mates). We finally come upon Stu, his arm around Lara who sports modified bridesmaid dress (altered to make room for her t boob). Stu looks with adoration at his new bride, utterin what is perhaps his only truly sincere line in the film. 121 116. sTU Do you have any idea how much I love you?
62) 2) dialog: I don’t know. Do they?
63) 0) text: A stunningly beautiful shot of Cam and Charlie enjoying t once-in-a-year sunset together in the snows of Antarctica 122 117. INT. CHARLIE AND CAM’S BEDROOM - NIGHT 122 Stu rifling through Charlie’s dresser drawer. Lara is sitting topless on the bed showing off the most perfect s of three breasts imaginable. They are mesmerizing -- as s Moves, they bounce and sway. (NOTE: these aren’t “TOTAL RECALL” cheesy-looking triple-nipples, we’re talking ILM’ finest.)
63) 2) dialog: Sex tapes. Why bother house- sitting if you can’t scope out some good old-fashioned home-made porn. Suddenly -- Ah-haiii Stu pulls out an unmarked DV tape safely tucked into an old tube sock. He puts the tape into the machine -- all smiles and press PLAY. ON THE SCREEN -- we see Cam and Charlie’s home-made sex t (SCREENWRITER’S NOTE: I don’t know if you’ve ever videota yourself having sex, but let me tell you from experience, isn’t pretty. Most home-made tapes fall into the genre of “Porn-Horror”). As the credits continue to roll, we see out-of-focus shot and incredibly embarrassing moments from Cam and Charlie’ “magical” night. The beautifully shot “movie” version was nothing close to what really happened. Some of the moment include: -- Having forgotten it was laundry day, Cam realizes (too late) that she is wearing her “Granny panties”. -- At Cam’s urging, Charlie tries to “talk nasty” but has hard time getting the hang of it (ie. “Ooo, yeah, bounce boobs like a... bouncy... hippity hop... Wait, can I star over again?”) -- “Whoah, whoah, whoah... wrong hole.” -- Charlie trying to blame the “squeaky bed” for what was unquestionably flatulence. -- While reaching for lubrication (which spills EVERYWHER and makes it difficult to hold the camera), Charlie disco Cam’s stash of a zillion sex toys. 118. -- We see some CLOSE UP FOOTAGE of Cam and Charlie having (we hear them groaning in the background) that could easi be footage of INTESTINAL SURGERY on the Discovery Channel When we CUTAWAY to see Lara and Stu watching, they look t on the verge of getting sick. -- Back on the tape, we see Charlie crying after the firs round of sex, taken with emotion. Sad and pathetic. -- Round two: Charlie tries “talking nasty” again. With even less luck. “Oh, yeah, do me like... like... a thing that you do... that you really like... when you do it. Uh huh. Do me sort of like that. Okay, I give up.” -- For the final shot, the camera is CLOSE on Charlie. It clear that Cam is on top of him and they are grinding passionately. We hear her orgasming, and as she does, she DROPS THE CAMERA -- it SMACKS CHARLIE IN THE FACE. Ouch. The image FUTZES OUT, as we go...