5) 0) text: ARIEL'S face pops out from behind a massive anchor juttin a sandbank. She. is a pretty, sixteen year old mermaid wi as wildly untamed as her sisters' is neat. Ariel moves al stealthily through the dark, ominous area littered with t hulks of sunken ships.
5) 2) dialog: (whispering) . Flounder! Come on... She gestures toward the hull of a large, decrepit ship.
5) 5) dialog: Flounder, don't be such a guppy!
5) 7) dialog: Shhhh... The two cautiously make their way through a narrow portho Flounder, because of his size gets stuck. He panics but A -helps him squeeze through.
6) 0) text: Inside it is dark and creepy. Ariel swims toward a barred doorway with a beam propped yp against it. Ariel peers th a tiny opening in the door. :
6) 1) dialog: There's something in there... Ariel manages to yank the beam free, then prys open the d enough for a grip. Flounder wedges in his bulk and pushes és his fins.
6) 2) text: (straining) ‘We r-really shouldn't be doing this, Ariel! If your f-f-father ever found out...
6) 3) dialog: (straining) He's not going to find out! The rusted hinges SNAP, the door bursts open, and Ariel a Flounder ‘tumble .backwards. They recover, scramble back doorway,” and*peer: inside. Ariel's face lights up, enrap like she were seeing the Holy Grail. ARIEL (cont.) (excited) Oh my gosh! Oh ny gosh! INT. ROOM - ARIEL'S P.O.V. The room's hoard consists of some beat-up eating utensils pipe, an umbrella, and an old shoe. ‘ ARIEL
6) 5) text: Flounder excitedly shakes his head "nope!" Ariel happily rummages through the debris, examining each object carefu ARIEL (cont.) I can't believe it!! I don't have any of these yet! Ariel picks up the umbrella and fiddles with it. She obvi has no idea what it is used for. Suddenly it opens and sh draws back in surprise.
6) 7) dialog: Flounder, will you be quiet! I'm almost through...
7) 0) text: Ariel SLAMS the metal door shut and bars it. Glut BURSTS through the door. Ariel picks up an oar and swings it at Glut eats the oar. Ariel and Flounder start pushing objec between themselves and Glut to block his path. Some jewel a french horn, a sea chest. The ravenous, shark devours everything. Ariel and Flounder exit through the porthole. again, Flounder is stuck. She yanks him through.
8) 0) text: Ariel and Flounder swim away from the ship. Glut EXPLODES through the porthole. Glut SNAPS at Flounder. He misses a gets a’mouth full of sea weed. He angrily spits it out. Flounder tries to elude Glut by clutching on to Glut's ta Glut finds it difficult to get to him. Flounder lets loos Glut SNAPSand bites his own tail. Glut YELPS in pain. ‘Flounder ‘ducks inthe muzzle of an old cannon to-hide. H stuck. Glut sees Flounder's tail sticking out the end of muzzle. Licking his chops, Glut opens his mouth to bite o the muzzle. Ariel topples a tall mast on top of Glut. The mast breaks hits the cannon, POPPING Flounder like a cork. Ariel yank Flounder away and takes off with Glut in hot pursuit. Ariel and Flounder zip through the huge anchor. Glut zips through also but gets his muzzle wedged in the anchors ri He ‘struggles furiously but. is unable to break free. Sim with rage, he glares at Ariel and Flounder as they streak ‘toward the water's surface.
9) 0) text: Ariel, clutching her pouch of objects, emerges at the top the water and climbs onto some jutting rocks in the middl the ocean. The weather is calm now and the sun is shining brightly. .As Flounder pops his head out of the water, Ar ‘looks~around, searching.
9) 1) dialog: (calling out) Scuttle! Scuttle! (shrugs) I guess he's not home. yet.
9) 8) dialog: Scuttle, look what we found!
9) 11) dialog: So what is it, Scuttle?
9) 13) dialog: What would a human use something like that for?
9) 24) dialog: Music... ? The concert! Oh my gosh! My father’s going to kill me! She guickly gathers her objects and stuffs them back in t pouch. ARIEL (cont.) I'm sorry! I've gotta go! She gives Scuttle a quick hug, dives into the water and s Flounder swim away. She waves back. ARIEL (cont. ) Thank you Scuttle!
9) 26) text: Ariel and Flounder swim past a dark, shadowy area. After pass, from out of the. shadows emerge two sinister shapes are ‘FLOTSAM and ‘JETSAM, two slimey Moray eels. We TRUCK CLOSE on the eel's glowing eyes. We can see Ariel, reflec in the eyes. ANGLE ON ARIEL - EEL'S P.O.V. A vision of Ariel swimming away is visible in a shimmerin of light.
12) 0) text: The Sea king is angrily swimming back and .forth in front throne. Ariel stands meekly in front of him with her head lowered. Flounder cowers behind Ariel while Sebastian wat from the sidelines.
12) 2) dialog: (softly) I said I was sorry daddy...
12) 5) dialog: Daddy, when you were younger, didn't you ever... _ TRITON . How many times have I warned you! The surface is dangerous! You could have been seen by a human barbarian!!
12) 6) dialog: I was careful... (CONTINUED)
12) 10) dialog: Daddy, the problem is...
12) 12) text: Your. Majesty... Ariel... she is still very young. Perhaps...
13) 0) text: Ariel and Flounder swim through a thick kelp forest. Seba follows from a distance.
14) 0) text: vAriel-arrives :at her secret place, an encrusted underse There is a large stone blocking the entranceway. Ariel an Flounder move the stone aside just enough to allow them t squeeze through. Then they move the stone back into place Sebastian approaches the stone. He attempts to squeeze th a narrow crack but finds himself stuck. He pulls and tugs desperately,.then collapses in exhaustion, SEBASTIAN (cont.) (out of breath) Oh dis is just grand! Sebastian grabs on to a rock in front of him and using it leverage, tries to pry himself free. (CONTINUED)
14) 6) dialog: (sighs) Maybe he's right... Maybe there is something the matter with me... T just don't see how a world that could make such wonderful things... could be bad... As Sebastian watches from behind a vase, Ariel SINGS to Flounder. ARIEL (cont. )
14) 46) dialog: Sebastian! Ariel draws back, and holds out her arms in a feeble atte to keep him from noticing the relics. Flounder hides behi a concertina.
14) 48) dialog: It's... it's just my collection.
14) 51) dialog: Please Sebastian! He would never understand! Ariel moves toward Sebastian. He draws away from her back into a french horn. He jumps away from that as if he were expecting. it to attack him. .Sebastian desperately tries himself, forces a smile, and speaks to Ariel as if, she w deranged mental patient.
15) 0) text: Ariel swims outside’ the grotto. and sees the moon has be obscured by the underside of a huge ship. Bright colored flicker around it. Ariel, overwhelmed with curiosity, swi toward the water's surface. Sebastian emerges from the gr and swims after her. Flounder follows.
16) 0) text: Ariel emerges on the surface of the water. In the distanc sees ‘the “huge three-masted ship from the beginning of t The colored lights Ariel saw are fireworks, EXPLODING dramatically in the skies. There are raucous sounds of MU SINGING and LAUGHING coming from the ship. Ariel stares a ship, mesmerized. Sebastian and Flounder pop out of the w near Ariel.
16) 5) dialog: She can't take her eyes off Eric.
16) 7) dialog: (whispering) Scuttle, be quiet! They'll hear you. :
16) 9) dialog: (indicating Eric) I've never. seen a human this close before... (entranced) He's very handsome, isn't he? » SCUTTLE I don't know about handsome... but the kid plays a mean snarfblatt! (CONTINUED)
16) 33) text: Everything is still and quiet down here, in contrast to t thundering activity above. Eric is sinking rapidly. Ariel reaches him, and pulls him back up to the,surface.
17) 0) text: ‘The storm has died down as Ariel drags the unconscious E the sandy. beach. She gently lays him down. Ariel gingerl prods Eric, looking for some sign of life. Scuttle flies to watch.
17) 1) dialog: (to Scuttle) Is... is he dead? ‘SCUTTLE Hard to say... Scuttle goes over to Eric and looks him over carefully as he were a doctor examining a patient. He opens one of Eri eyes. He puts his ear to Eric's knee-cap. SCUTTLE (cont.) Hmmmm... Can't make out a heartbeat...
17) 2) dialog: (excited) No, .look!.. He's breathing. oe Ariel leans in closer to Eric, stroking his hair. ARIEL (cont.) He's so beautiful... Completely enraptured, she SINGS to Eric. ARIEL (cont.)
17) 25) dialog: She gazes longingly at Eric from a jutting rock in the oc some distance away. Scuttle is perched atop the rock. Sebastian and Flounder are in the sea below.
17) 27) dialog: (singing)
20) 0) text: As Ariel leaves the boudoir she does not look where she i and almost runs into her father.
20) 1) dialog: (smiles warmly) Morning, daddy... She takes one of the flowers and places it behind his ear she kisses him gently. on the cheek and swims away, still the love song. The King and his daughters watch her exit sstunned :amazement.
21) 0) text: Ina pictures e sea garden, Ariel is lounging on a rock, dreamily pulling petals off a flower. Sebastian is nervou pacing around her.
21) 1) dialog: (to herself) +++ He loves me... He loves me not... He loves me! I knew it!
21) 3) dialog: I've got to see him again... ts tonight! Scuttle knows where he \ lives...
21) 5) dialog: I'll swim up to his castle... then Flounder will splash around to get his attention and...
21) 7) text: Sebastian and Ariel move into a colorful area filled with fish, and crustaceans. . SEBASTIAN (cont.) I'm telling you... Life under de sea is better den anyting dey got up dere... (sings) (CONTINUED)
24) 0) text: Triton is sitting at his throne, playfully fashioning a l holographic-like image of Ariel and a handsome merman tog He quickly dissipates the image and puts on a mock stern expression as Sebastian meekly enters. (CONTINUED)
25) 0) text: Ariel and Flounder swim toward the entrance. Together, th move the stone aside.
25) 2) dialog: Flounder, why can't you just tell me what this is all ab... As she turns the corner, she pulls up short. Her eyes lig up. A big smile comes over her face. ARIEL (cont.) Oh... Flounder... INT. GROTTO - ARIEL'S P.0O.V. The marble statue of Prince Eric has been placed among Ar other objects. ARIEL (cont.) Flounder, you're the best! She gives him a big hug. Then she swims up to the statue softly caresses it. (CONTINUED)
25) 7) dialog: It looks just like him. It even has his eyes! : . (playfully addressing the statue) Why, Eric, run away with you...? This is all so sudden! She LAUGHS and pirouettes, then freezes in mid action. Tr is standing at the grotto's entrance. He is red-faced wit anger. Sebastian is with him, looking very uneasy. Flound does a wild take when he sees the King and frantically hi behind -a :candelabra.
25) 8) dialog: (shocked) D-daddy!! Triton speaks in a soft, quiet voice. Almost a whisper. H words are measured and controlled.
25) 10) dialog: But daddy I...
25) 12) dialog: Daddy I.had to!
25) 14) dialog: He would have died!
25) 16) dialog: You don't even know him... (CONTINUED)
25) 22) dialog: (shouting) Daddy I love him! Triton stops cold. His eyes blaze.
25) 24) dialog: (almost in tears) I don't care! The King's fury builds to a tremendous intensity. Electri SPARKS shoot out of his trident.
25) 26) dialog: (shouting) Stop it!!. Triton is furiously FIRING bolts of energy right and left his trident. One by one, Ariel's relics are destroyed in fury of activity. Ariel is almost hysterical as she watch her beloved objects DISINTEGRATE. Sebastian, and Flounder cower in fear. (CONTINUED)
25) 29) dialog: (screaming)
25) 32) dialog: _ (not looking up) ++ejust go away! Sebastian lowers his head and sadly makes his way out of grotto. Ariel is left alone, SOBBING amidst the ruins of collection. Her dreams are shattered. Her hope’ is destro The camera TRUCKS BACK to a long shot, emphasizing Ariel' aloneness and her hopelessness. Then gradually, the tone from sad to ominous as a sinister shadow moves over the s
25) 43) dialog: (frightened) Who... who are you? As the eels speak, they keep darting at Ariel from opposi directions. Wherever she looks, they are somewhere else, keeping her off balance.
25) 47) dialog: I... I don't understand...
25) 49) dialog: (gasps) The Sea Witch?! Ariel pulls away from Flotsam and Jetsam in horror. She k only too well the reputation of the Sea Witch. ARIEL (cont.) (her mind. racing) Why that's... I couldn't possibly... No! Get out of here! Leave me alone! . : The eels look at each other for a moment, then start to e
25) 55) dialog: (hesitantly) Just tell me... How... how can Ursula help me? The eels look at each other and smile deviously. They've her hooked and they know it. EXT. GROTTO . Flounder and Sebastian are gathered outside the grotto. Sebastian is wracked with guilt.
25) 61) dialog: I'm going to see Ursula. .
25) 63) dialog: (angrily) Why don't you go tell my father? You're good at that! Ariel pulls away from Sebastian, and swims on. Sebastian grimaces, strongly hurt by Ariel's remark.
26) 0) text: Ariel and-the eels pass through an ominous area with HISS underwater volcanoeS, ROARING whirlpools, and peat bogs o BUBBLING mud. Hideous jagged toothed VIPERFISH hover ghreateningly. Finger-like sponges beckon Ariel onward. ding’on Flounder, follows from a distance. Flounder is shaking with fear.
27) 0) text: Ariel and the eels arrive outside the huge whale skeleton housing the Witch. outside is the hideous garden of polyp grabbing for everything in sight. . (CONTINUED)
27) 12) dialog: (coldly) You tried to overthrow my father!
27) 14) dialog: Can you... do that?
27) 45) text: The song breaks, with MUSIC continuing, as Ursula SNAPS h fingers and a mystical scroll, the contract, appears in h hands. Ariel attempts to read the scroll as Ursula explai the terms in rapidfire delivery. URSULA (cont.) Here's the deal: I will make you a potion that will turn you into a human for three days. Got that? (more) (CONTINUED)
27) 49) dialog: - (thoughtfully) If I become human... I'll never be with my father or sisters again...
27) 67) dialog: But I don't have any... URSULA . I'm not asking much. Just a token réally. A trifle. You'll never even miss it. What I want from you.is... Your voice!
27) 68) dialog: (taken aback) My voice?!
27) 70) dialog: But without my voice... How can
28) 0) text: As the music subsides, Ariel breaks the surface of the wa She grabs a piece of floating debris from a shipwreck as GASPS for air. Sebastian and Flounder emerge also. Helpin Ariel stay afloat, they start swimming and pushing the de along the water, trying to reach land.
29) 0) text: This is a beautiful fairytale seacoast palace on a hill j down into the ocean. As we TRUCK IN on the palace battlem we hear’the haunting strains of a fife playing a melancho version of Ariel's love song "Part of Your World."
31) 0) text: We TRUCK IN on a lonely stretch of beach some distance aw the palace. Ariel, soaked, bedraggled and covered with se is collapsed on the sand. Sebastian is by her side, PANTI heavily while Flounder watches from the water. Ariel woozily.sits up. She stares with absolute fascinati at her two brand new human legs. She holds her foot up to face. She wiggles her toes. Her mouth drops open in total amazement. (CONTINUED)
32) 0) dialog: ‘She -is now wearing ‘an absolutely hideous conglomeratio tattered sail, rope, and assorted debris which Scuttle ha fashioned to assimilate a dress. Ariel beams as Scuttle WOLF-WHISTLES.
33) 0) text: In a lavishly decorated palace hallway, Eric is talking t Grimsby and Carlotta while Ariel, overwhelmed with curios looks around the room. She stares in fascination at the glittering crystal chandeliers hanging from a towering ce the immense sculptures and paintings, rich carpets, huge fireplace, and a gigantic winding flight of stairs.
34) 0) text: In a large ornate bathroom, Carlotta is running a bubble ‘for Ariel who is settling herself in the hot bubbly wate Ariel is intrigued by the bubbles. Carlotta holds Ariel's tattered dress away from her with disdain.
34) 2) text: Carlotta stuffs Ariel's dress into a hamper. Sebastian is in the pocket, getting squished.
41) 0) text: Eric, Grimsby, Ariel and Carlotta hear the SOUND of incre racket coming from the kitchen. They look at each other, perplexed. ‘CARLOTTA | I think I'd better go see what Louis is up to... She exits the dining room.
43) 0) text: Carlotta briskly enters the dining room and sets covered in front of Eric, Ariel, and Grimsby. Carlotta rushes bac the kitchen. Eric and Grimsby remove the covers from thei appetizers.
44) 0) text: Ariel, with a dreamy smile on her face, is leaning out he bedroom window overlooking the courtyard. We TRUCK DOWN a see she is watching Eric, in the courtyard, playing "fetc stick" with Max. Eric looks up and sees Ariel. He waves. Ariel, embarassed to be caught staring, quickly pulls awa the window. Eric smiles at her sudden departure and conti to watch her window for a moment.. But then his smile fad is replaced by a troubled look. He turns and stares sadly at the ocean. .
45) 0) text: Ariel, dressed in a nightgown, is warily climbing into a feather bed that has been made up for her.
45) 4) dialog: Ariel snuggles into the featherbed. This is a new experie for her, and she decides she rather likes it. She tries t pillow under her feet, then under her head.
48) 0) text: It is a bright, sunny, beautiful morning. Ariel and Eric in'a colorful horsedrawn carriage departing the palace. G and Carlotta wave to them from the courtyard. Sebastian h in Ariel's pocket while Scuttle soars above them and Flou watches from the oceanfront, swimming to keep up.
49) 0) text: Eric and Ariel are touring Eric's quaint fairytale villag The carriage is moving at a rapid clip and the village is with activity. Ariel excitedly darts from window to windo not wanting to miss anything. She observes the picturesqu buildings and quaint shops. The food VENDORS with delicio fruits and pastries. The CHILDREN playing in the streét. all a wondrous new world to her, overflowing with things has never seen before. Eric watches her unbridled delight is amused and impressed by her.
50) 0) text: Ariel and Eric are riding in a small rowboat in a picture lagoon. The mood is quiet, peaceful and romantic. Eric is rowing. Ariel is sitting away from him on the other side the boat. They-both look nervous. Ariel examines her reflection in the water. She fiddles with her hair, tryin look more alluring. She glances over at Eric but he’ does seem to notice. She looks away, disappointed.
50) 5) dialog: Scuttle flies into the scene, perches on a branch above A and Eric and starts CHIRPING loudly. He has a terrible si voice, shrill and grating. Eric looks around. (CONTINUED)
50) 20) text: oN CONT'D: Ariel shrugs as if to say, "I didn't hear anything." Eric at Ariel. She looks radiant in the late afternoon sunligh He starts to move closer. She looks: up at him hopefully.
50) 36) dialog: ERIC (cont.) Or.maybe Sandra because we found you on a sandy beach... or. maybe... Exasperated, Sebastian pokes his head out of the water fo split second.
50) 69) text: — CONT'D: ANGLE ON ERIC AND ARIEL - WITCH'S P.O.V. We see a vision of Eric and Ariel leaving the lagoon in t Witch's shimmering pool of light.
51) 0) text: She is visibly upset as she angrily grabs various concoct and tosses them into the pool. Around her neck she’ is we the nautilus shell, containing Ariel's voice.
52) 0) text: Eric is sitting forlornly on the palace battlements, star out to sea. He looks troubled, obviously weighing a great in his mind. There is a layer of fog rolling in on the ho creating a somber, eerie atmosphere. Max is béside Eric, asleep. Eric looks up at Ariel's bedroom window. He sees silhouette pass by. He pauses for a moment. Then he turns looks out to sea again. He takes his fife, and sadly play few notes of Ariel's love song. He lets out a heavy SIGH, . unsure what to do. He looks back up at Ariel's window. cy Gradually, his expression changes from one of confusio aa resolve. He has made up his mind. (CONTINUED)
54) 0) text: Ariel is asleep in her bed with a happy smile on her face is dreaming of romance with Eric. Sebastian is also aslee on the stand beside the bed, SNORING loudly. Scuttle swoo through the window and enters the bedroom.
54) 8) text: Ariel beams, her heart leaping. She gives Sebastian a big grabs a robe and happily runs out the door. Sebastian hur after her.
56) 0) text: Ariel is sitting on a platform on the dock, watching the ship depart in the distance. Her bare feet dangle in the She looks very sad and forlorn. Her heart is broken. Flou nuzzles up to Ariel in a comforting gesture. Sebastian le over to her, overcome with emotion. SEBASTIAN ° (on the brink of tears) What can I say{ Humans are slime! Dere is no doubt about it! Ariel forces a smile and gently pets Sebastian. Then, as looks wistfully at her reflection in the water, we hear a reprise of "Life Under the Sea" in a melancholy strain. S sees a school of fish swim by and seems lost in thought a the world she left behind. She gazes out at the departing wedding ship which is now just barely visible on the edge the horizon. She looks up at the sun. (CONTINUED)
57) 0) text: -Scuttle is happily flying toward the wedding ship. He re puzzled, as he hears the sound of Ariel's SINGING, coming the ship. He flies down to investigate. The voice is eman from a porthole in the lower deck. Scuttle peers inside. INT. SHIP'S CABIN - SCUTTLE'S P.O.V. The maiden is alone in the cabin donning a beautiful wedd dress. She is singing a variation of the Witch's song "PO
59) 0) text: Ariel is still with her friends sitting on the dock.
59) 8) text: Ariel! Grab on to dat! Ariel jumps into the water, holding on to the barrel to s afloat. Sebastian dives in after her. He grabs the rope a thrusts it at Flounder. - (CONTINUED)
62) 0) text: Ariel is grasping on to the barrel as Flounder pulls. The wedding ship looms in the distance. Even though Flounder flapping his fins like mad, the barrel is creeping along.
62) 1) text: Glut the shark is sauntering menacingly through the water looks up and notices the underside of Ariel and Flounder soar by. Glut licks his chops and starts after them.
65) 0) text: Ariel is desperately clutching the barrel while Glut, mou hungrily, moves in for the kill. Flounder knows he has to something. Then he gets an idea. He takes a big GULP and summons all his courage. As Glut closes in on Ariel, sudd Flounder shoots out of the water right in front of Glut's waving his fins and sticking out his tongue. Glut frowns angrily, turns away from Ariel, and starts chasing Flound Flounder .lures Glut through the loop of the rope to the Glut is lassoed by the rope. Flounder tears off after the Glut pursues Flounder, dragging Ariel along the water in process.
67) 0) text: Flounder, with Glut right behind him, approaches the ship Ariel quickly jumps off the barrel and grabs on to the ri She is exhausted and barely able to hang on. Glut stays o heels of Flounder. Flounder swims over toward the barrel. the first time, we see the word, "GUNPOWDER", painted on barrel. Flounder desperately shoves the barrel into Glut' mouth, then dives for cover. Glut is about to bite down o arrel.
71) 3) text: Ariel, chased by Flotsam and Jetsam, ducks in and out of of coral reefs. The two eels are about to grab Ariel. Qui she uncorks a steam jet and dodges as the eels go sprayin of the scene. For a moment it looks like she, is in the c Suddenly, Flotsam and Jetsam spring up on each side of he She is surrounded. They close in. The only direction Arie can move is upward. ..She rapidly swims toward the surfac EXT. OCEAN'S’ SURFACE Ariel's head shoots out of the water. In the distance, Er and Flounder see her. Then Ariel is forcefully yanked bac into the water as Flotsam and Jetsam get their coils arou oo
71) 6) text: Flotsam and Jetsam wrap themselves tightly around Ariel. is trapped, unable to move. The Sea Witch closes in on Ar Ariel struggles helplessly.
72) 0) text: The waters are becoming more turbulent as Flounder and Er to reach the spot where they saw Ariel. There are ominous RUMBLES of THUNDER in the sky.
73) 3) text: At the spot where Triton had been we see a glowing ball o magical light. The light dissipates revealing a hideous p writhing helplessly in the ground. Triton's crown and tri lay to its side. Ariel and Sebastian are aghast. Ursula p on the crown and picks up the trident.
74) 0) text: There is a violent storm with THUNDER, LIGHTNING, fierce and RAIN. Eric emerges near his boat, GASPING-for air. He hurls himself into the boat just as Ursula BURSTS out of water. Eric grabs another harpoon and prepares to thrust at the Witch. Ursula FIRES and the boat is hit, EXPLODING Eric is shot back into the water. His harpoon goes flying Ursula, insane with anger, moves in on the dazed Eric. Sh ~points ‘the trident and prepares to fire point blank at Ariel SLAMS into Ursula again and the trident is knocked of the Witch's grasp. Ursula violently slings Ariel into coral rock formation. Ariel hits her head hard and loses consciousness. Ursula, eyes blazing, reels back toward Eric. He is going the trident. He is about to grasp .it when Ursula furious leaps at him, smothering him in her fishy appendages. Whi Eric frantically struggles in her grasp, she viciously dr him back down into the drink.
74) 1) text: As Sebastian tries to retrieve the trident, Ursula is simultaneously drowning and strangling Eric. She is consu with rage. Eric is near death, but with one last ditch bu of energy, he is able to wrench his arm free and grab the trident from Sebastian. He FIRES. The Witch is hit with a tremendous BOLT of ENERGY. She lets out a blaod curdling and slowly dissolves into dark, black foam. The only thin of her is the nautilus shell containing Ariel's voice, wh sinks toward the floor of the ocean. Eric passes out, completely drained. Sebastian and Flound go to him and help him back up toward the surface. (CONTINUED)
74) 6) dialog: She is sprawled on the ocean floor, groggily starting to to. The glowing light moves over to her and passes inside her. Her eyes widen and she touches her throat.
77) 1) text: Triton and Ariel tightly embrace, overcome with emotion. Sebastian and Flounder swim over to then.
77) 3) dialog: Oh, daddy! Daddy, I'm sorry! i love you so much! Sebastian and Flounder look at each other, amazed that Ar has gotten her voice back. Ariel warmly hugs her father, smiling happily. “But then, very gradually, her smile fad A sad look comes over her face as she remembers her lost Her gaze slowly drifts up toward the surface of the water DISSOLVE To:
78) 1) dialog: She is watching Eric longingly from a rock, out in the wa a short distance. from the beach. This scene parallels th earlier scene when Ariel had saved Eric's life and was wa him from the water.
78) 4) dialog: The magical glow engulfs Ariel, shimmering brightly.
78) 6) dialog: 