30) 2) dialog: I don't know what's come over him! It just pains me to see Eric withering away like this!
33) 0) text: In a lavishly decorated palace hallway, Eric is talking t Grimsby and Carlotta while Ariel, overwhelmed with curios looks around the room. She stares in fascination at the glittering crystal chandeliers hanging from a towering ce the immense sculptures and paintings, rich carpets, huge fireplace, and a gigantic winding flight of stairs.
33) 3) dialog: (gasps) A shipwreck! Why that's horrible! Poor thing Carlotta puts her arm around Ariel and starts to whisk he of the roon. (CONTINUED)
34) 0) text: In a large ornate bathroom, Carlotta is running a bubble ‘for Ariel who is settling herself in the hot bubbly wate Ariel is intrigued by the bubbles. Carlotta holds Ariel's tattered dress away from her with disdain.
34) 1) dialog: “I'll just... I'11 just get this washed for you, dear! Carlotta exits with the dress. Ariel sees some of Eric's clothes laid out on the floor near the tub. She looks at of shoes and, lights up with recognition.
34) 2) text: Carlotta stuffs Ariel's dress into a hamper. Sebastian is in the pocket, getting squished.
35) 0) text: Carlotta enters, unfolding a towel.
35) 1) dialog: There now... we just have to... Carlotta stops in surprise. Ariel is using Eric's shoe to water over. herself, just the way. Scuttle showed her. Ca gently takes the shoe away from Ariel. Ariel looks sheepi but Carlotta shrugs it off, and starts merrily shampooing Ariel's hair. : 52.
39) 3) dialog: Come on, honey! Don't be shy! Ariel enters the dining room. She has been bathed and cle up, she is wearing a very pretty dress, and her hair has fixed: Grimsby rises out of his seat, taken aback at the of Ariel. - (CONTINUED)
39) 14) dialog: (laughing) Why Eric! That's the first time I've seen you smile in weeks! Grimsby, wiping the soot from his face, observes Eric's r thoughtfully. ‘
39) 16) dialog: Oh, you're gonna love it! Chef's been fixing his specialty... Stuffed Crab! At the mention of crab, Ariel looks concerned.
41) 0) text: Eric, Grimsby, Ariel and Carlotta hear the SOUND of incre racket coming from the kitchen. They look at each other, perplexed. ‘CARLOTTA | I think I'd better go see what Louis is up to... She exits the dining room.
42) 0) text: Carlotta enters the kitchen and reels back in shock. The is in shambles. ‘Food is strewn about. Pots and pans are knocked over. A disheveled Louis, maniacally brandishing cleaver, is crawling around on the floor under the table.
42) 2) dialog: (shouting Louis!! . Louis reacts to her shouting and BUMPS his head on the ta CARLOTTA (cont.) What are you doing? LouIs Ah was just... um, er... I... I am sorree, madame... She shakes her head in exasperation, picks up a tray.of appetizers and whisks out of the room. Louis rubs his hea looking around the room in befuddlement. 58.
43) 0) text: Carlotta briskly enters the dining room and sets covered in front of Eric, Ariel, and Grimsby. Carlotta rushes bac the kitchen. Eric and Grimsby remove the covers from thei appetizers.
48) 0) text: It is a bright, sunny, beautiful morning. Ariel and Eric in'a colorful horsedrawn carriage departing the palace. G and Carlotta wave to them from the courtyard. Sebastian h in Ariel's pocket while Scuttle soars above them and Flou watches from the oceanfront, swimming to keep up.
55) 0) text: The brightly decorated wedding ship is departing the harb ‘It's passengers. include Eric and the maiden, Grimsby an Carlotta, Max, and the wedding party. The sun is looming brightly in the sky.