16) 14) dialog: (weak smile) It's uh... ‘really something...
16) 16) dialog: (frowns) ‘C!mon Grim... Don't start! Eric moves over to the side of the boat near the rigging is holding onto. Ina panic, Ariel and Scuttle duck out of sight. Eric is only a few feet from Ariel as he stares ou the rolling waves.
16) 20) dialog: (wistful) Oh, she's out there... somewhere... I just... I just haven't found her yet... . Ariel watches Eric, hanging, spellbound, on every word.
16) 22) dialog: Believe me Grim, when I find her, I'll know! Without a doubt! It'll just, BAM... hit me... like lightning! ~ , : There is a bright FLASH of LIGHTNING. Eric looks up, star Dark clouds are forming in the sky. A strong wind BLOWS t the scene.
16) 33) text: Everything is still and quiet down here, in contrast to t thundering activity above. Eric is sinking rapidly. Ariel reaches him, and pulls him back up to the,surface.
17) 0) text: ‘The storm has died down as Ariel drags the unconscious E the sandy. beach. She gently lays him down. Ariel gingerl prods Eric, looking for some sign of life. Scuttle flies to watch.
17) 17) dialog: 
17) 18) text: Eric is coming to, rubbing his head in bewilderment. Max on Eric and happily licks him. Grimsby gives Eric a big h then draws back, embarassed by his uncharacteristic displ affection. GRIMSBY (cont.) You really delight in these sadistic strains on my blood pressure, don't you?
17) 19) dialog: (dazed). .«..a girl... rescued me... she was...singing... she had... the most beautiful voice...
30) 0) text: Eric is sitting forlornly atop a wall, playing the song : fife, while gazing longingly out toward the ocean. Max is by his side. Max looks over at Eric sympathetically. He p up and licks Eric playfully, trying to bring him out of h depression. It has no effect and Max sinks back down into forlorn attitude, mirroring Eric.
32) 17) dialog: . (shouting) Max! Quiet Max! Here, boy! ANGLE ON ERIC . He is approaching in the distance. Max immediately stops barking and happily runs back to Eric, jumping up and dow licking his face. ERIC (cont.) What's gotten into you, fella? He stops short as he sees Ariel on the rocks. . ERIC (cont.) Oh... I see... . Eric approaches Ariel. She turns away from him, embarasse her hair is drenched and covered with seaweed and she loo tattered. Eric's manner is friendly and gentle. ERIC (cont.) I'm awfully sorry, miss... did this knucklehead scare you? He's harmless, “really. Sebastian timidly peeks out from Ariel's pocket. Max noti and goes for him. Sebastian does a take and ducks back in ERIC (cont.) Max, get down!! Stay... Max settles down, but won't take his eyes off that pocket notices Ariel's tattered condition. ERIC (cont.) Gee... you've really been through ‘something. Are you okay? Ariel nods and hesitantly takes Eric's hand as he helps h her feet. Eric stares at her intently, transfixed. There something he finds strangely compelling about her. “ERIC (cont.) (hopefully) . Do I... do I know you from somewhere? Have... have we ever met? Ariel opens her mouth to reply, forgetting she has lost h voice. Nothing comes out. She lowers her head. (CONTINUED)
33) 0) text: In a lavishly decorated palace hallway, Eric is talking t Grimsby and Carlotta while Ariel, overwhelmed with curios looks around the room. She stares in fascination at the glittering crystal chandeliers hanging from a towering ce the immense sculptures and paintings, rich carpets, huge fireplace, and a gigantic winding flight of stairs.
33) 1) dialog: +»-well I don't actually know her name. She doesn't speak.
39) 0) text: Grimsby is seated at a long table in a huge, expansive di hall. He is puffing on a pipe. Eric is staring glumly out window at the ocean.
39) 2) dialog: I'm telling you Grim, she was real! If only I could... Carlotta appears at the doorway. She is holding Ariel's h trying to pull her into view. Ariel is hanging back outsi the door.
39) 9) dialog: Uh... you look very nice... Ariel beams.at Eric's attention. Eric looks uneasy. He is drawn to Ariel but wants to fight this impulse. He turns from Ariel and looks back out the window.
39) 10) dialog: Um... I'm sorry I'm really not very hungry. I think I'll skip dinner... : : (to Ariel) If... if you'll excuse me... Eric starts to leave. Ariel's face falls, disappointed. GRIMSBY . Eric! We have a guest! Now I insist you sit down and dine with us like a civilized human being! Eric shrugs and obediently sits down at the table. GRIMSBY (cont.) That's better. (to Ariel) You'll have to excuse him, my dear. His manners are on holiday, of late. Grimsby takes Ariel's hand and seats her next to him. Ari isn't:sure what to make of the elegant place setting in f of ‘her. *Her eyes go to the fork. This strikes a chord o recognition. She picks up the fork and starts running it through her hair, in the manner Scuttle showed her earlie She stops as she notices everyone staring at her strangel She quickly puts the fork back down on the table. Feeling awkward, she turns toward Grimsby. She stares, amazed at pipe in his mouth with smoke coming out of it. GRIMSBY (cont.) (uneasy) Uh... do you like it? It isa rather fine piece of work... He hands the pipe to Ariel. She examines it curiously, remembering the pipe Scuttle had used earlier. (CONTINUED)
39) 13) dialog: Grim, you've never looked better! Ariel smiles, encouraged she has at least managed to get attention.
39) 15) dialog: Carlotta, what's for supper?
41) 0) text: Eric, Grimsby, Ariel and Carlotta hear the SOUND of incre racket coming from the kitchen. They look at each other, perplexed. ‘CARLOTTA | I think I'd better go see what Louis is up to... She exits the dining room.
43) 0) text: Carlotta briskly enters the dining room and sets covered in front of Eric, Ariel, and Grimsby. Carlotta rushes bac the kitchen. Eric and Grimsby remove the covers from thei appetizers.
43) 2) dialog: (hesitating) ~ : Uh... Gee, Grim... I don't think so... I mean, really... I...
43) 4) dialog: (resigned) Okay, okay... I'll ask her... Ariel lifts the lid from her dish. She does a sharp "take she sees Sebastian hiding in the dish.
43) 6) dialog: (to Ariel) What do you say...? You want to humor this guy and let me give ‘you the grand tour of my kingdom tomorrow? Ariel nods enthusiastically.
44) 0) text: Ariel, with a dreamy smile on her face, is leaning out he bedroom window overlooking the courtyard. We TRUCK DOWN a see she is watching Eric, in the courtyard, playing "fetc stick" with Max. Eric looks up and sees Ariel. He waves. Ariel, embarassed to be caught staring, quickly pulls awa the window. Eric smiles at her sudden departure and conti to watch her window for a moment.. But then his smile fad is replaced by a troubled look. He turns and stares sadly at the ocean. .
48) 0) text: It is a bright, sunny, beautiful morning. Ariel and Eric in'a colorful horsedrawn carriage departing the palace. G and Carlotta wave to them from the courtyard. Sebastian h in Ariel's pocket while Scuttle soars above them and Flou watches from the oceanfront, swimming to keep up.
49) 0) text: Eric and Ariel are touring Eric's quaint fairytale villag The carriage is moving at a rapid clip and the village is with activity. Ariel excitedly darts from window to windo not wanting to miss anything. She observes the picturesqu buildings and quaint shops. The food VENDORS with delicio fruits and pastries. The CHILDREN playing in the streét. all a wondrous new world to her, overflowing with things has never seen before. Eric watches her unbridled delight is amused and impressed by her.
50) 0) text: Ariel and Eric are riding in a small rowboat in a picture lagoon. The mood is quiet, peaceful and romantic. Eric is rowing. Ariel is sitting away from him on the other side the boat. They-both look nervous. Ariel examines her reflection in the water. She fiddles with her hair, tryin look more alluring. She glances over at Eric but he’ does seem to notice. She looks away, disappointed.
50) 5) dialog: Scuttle flies into the scene, perches on a branch above A and Eric and starts CHIRPING loudly. He has a terrible si voice, shrill and grating. Eric looks around. (CONTINUED)
50) 8) dialog: (wincing) Boy... somebody should find that poor animal and put it out of its misery! Ariel look up at Scuttle.. The bird looks back down. and her a conspiratorial wink as if to say, "Just leave thing me." Ariel gestures to Scuttle, "No! Knock it off!" Sebas in Ariel's pocket, is covering his ears in agony.
50) 18) dialog: (to Ariel) Do you hear that? (CONTINUED)
50) 20) text: oN CONT'D: Ariel shrugs as if to say, "I didn't hear anything." Eric at Ariel. She looks radiant in the late afternoon sunligh He starts to move closer. She looks: up at him hopefully.
50) 34) dialog: You know... If you're gonna be staying around here... I'm gonna have to think of something to call you... : . (thinks a bit) Let's see... I could call you Marina because you came from the ocean...
50) 36) dialog: ERIC (cont.) Or.maybe Sandra because we found you on a sandy beach... or. maybe... Exasperated, Sebastian pokes his head out of the water fo split second.
50) 42) dialog: What was that? Ariel shakes her head. ERIC (cont.) I thought I heard the word Ariel... (to himself) Ariel... that's kind of pretty! Would you like me to call you Ariel? Ariel nods emphatically. ERIC (cont.) Okay... Ariel... The two smile at each other as Sebastian and the other cr resume the serenade.
50) 67) dialog: Hang on!... I've got you! Eric picks her up in his arms and carries her onto some r at the water's edge. Sebastian, Flounder and the other creatures deflate, disappointed the romantic mood has bee broken. As Eric looks at himself, soaking wet, it reminds him of ‘Shipwreck. He gets a strange look on his face. Ariel sen the change, and moves toward him with an expression that “What's wrong?" Eric turns away from her. ERIC (cont.) Ariel, we uh... we'd better get back. Eric climbs to his feet and helps her up, not looking at directly. _ *
50) 69) text: — CONT'D: ANGLE ON ERIC AND ARIEL - WITCH'S P.O.V. We see a vision of Eric and Ariel leaving the lagoon in t Witch's shimmering pool of light.
52) 0) text: Eric is sitting forlornly on the palace battlements, star out to sea. He looks troubled, obviously weighing a great in his mind. There is a layer of fog rolling in on the ho creating a somber, eerie atmosphere. Max is béside Eric, asleep. Eric looks up at Ariel's bedroom window. He sees silhouette pass by. He pauses for a moment. Then he turns looks out to sea again. He takes his fife, and sadly play few notes of Ariel's love song. He lets out a heavy SIGH, . unsure what to do. He looks back up at Ariel's window. cy Gradually, his expression changes from one of confusio aa resolve. He has made up his mind. (CONTINUED)
52) 5) dialog: His eyes widen. He is entranced by the song. Mesmerized, starts down toward the maiden. .
54) 0) text: Ariel is asleep in her bed with a happy smile on her face is dreaming of romance with Eric. Sebastian is also aslee on the stand beside the bed, SNORING loudly. Scuttle swoo through the window and enters the bedroom.
54) 7) dialog: Ariel! Ariel, come down here! - I've got something to tell you!
54) 10) dialog: Ariel I... I'@ like you to meet Vanessa... She... saved my life a few weeks ago. I've been trying to find her ever since... The maiden smiles sweetly at Ariel. . Ariel draws back in and confusion. How can this be? Sebastian watches from th staircase. He is also perplexed. ERIC (cont.) We're... we're going to be married... on board ship at sea... this afternoon... (more) (CONTINUED)
55) 0) text: The brightly decorated wedding ship is departing the harb ‘It's passengers. include Eric and the maiden, Grimsby an Carlotta, Max, and the wedding party. The sun is looming brightly in the sky.
60) 0) text: On the upper deck of ‘the ship, the wedding ceremony is beginning. The MINISTER, an extremely elderly gentleman, standing at a podium at the front of the ship. There is a deal of pomp and circumstance. Some buglers blow a FANFAR and everyone quiets down. A group of musicians begin a variation of a WEDDING MARCH. The maiden, looking resplendent in the beautiful wedding starts down the aisle. Eric follows, dressed to the hilt, with a slightly dazed look on his face. Grimsby, Eric's b man, walks in behind him. . Eric and the maiden take thei in front of the podiun.
64) 2) dialog: I... I do...
70) 0) text: Scuttle emerges on to the upper deck clinging to the heav mirror. He starts toward the maiden. But just as Scuttle about to get the mirror into position, he SLAMS into a be drops the mirror. It SMASHES to the floor.: The maiden sm relieved. But then, as the Prince looks down toward the f his eyes open wide. The invasion of the sea creatures has caused the floor of the deck to be covered with water. Er can see the reflection of the maiden in the water. Only i not the maiden. It is the the Sea Witch. The shock breaks effect of the maiden's spell. Eric draws away from the ma in horror.
70) 10) dialog: What's wrong?
71) 0) text: Eric is in a small rowboat, frantically searching for Ari
71) 1) dialog: (calling out) Ariel! ... Ariel, where are you? Suddenly Flounder springs out of the water and makes exci SQUEALING NOISES at Eric.
71) 2) dialog: (startled) You... you know where she is? Flounder nods and SQUEALS emphatically. Eric follows Flou from the boat.. .
73) 0) text: Eric's boat is bouncing on the turbulent-waves. Storm clo are forming in the night sky and the winds are accelerati (CONTINUED)
73) 5) dialog: Eric, grasping his harpoon, is holding his breath while t water. He sees Ursula LAUGHING in the distance beside Ari in the coils of Flotsam and Jetsam. He starts toward them
74) 0) text: There is a violent storm with THUNDER, LIGHTNING, fierce and RAIN. Eric emerges near his boat, GASPING-for air. He hurls himself into the boat just as Ursula BURSTS out of water. Eric grabs another harpoon and prepares to thrust at the Witch. Ursula FIRES and the boat is hit, EXPLODING Eric is shot back into the water. His harpoon goes flying Ursula, insane with anger, moves in on the dazed Eric. Sh ~points ‘the trident and prepares to fire point blank at Ariel SLAMS into Ursula again and the trident is knocked of the Witch's grasp. Ursula violently slings Ariel into coral rock formation. Ariel hits her head hard and loses consciousness. Ursula, eyes blazing, reels back toward Eric. He is going the trident. He is about to grasp .it when Ursula furious leaps at him, smothering him in her fishy appendages. Whi Eric frantically struggles in her grasp, she viciously dr him back down into the drink.
74) 1) text: As Sebastian tries to retrieve the trident, Ursula is simultaneously drowning and strangling Eric. She is consu with rage. Eric is near death, but with one last ditch bu of energy, he is able to wrench his arm free and grab the trident from Sebastian. He FIRES. The Witch is hit with a tremendous BOLT of ENERGY. She lets out a blaod curdling and slowly dissolves into dark, black foam. The only thin of her is the nautilus shell containing Ariel's voice, wh sinks toward the floor of the ocean. Eric passes out, completely drained. Sebastian and Flound go to him and help him back up toward the surface. (CONTINUED)
77) 0) text: Sebastian pulls Eric onto the edge of the beach. Flounder helps. Then Sebastian and Flounder quickly dive below the water's surface.
78) 0) text: Eric is lying unconscious at the edge of the beach. He st to stir slightly. .
78) 5) dialog: He shakes his head a bit. He is starting to regain consciousness. Suddenly he hears Ariel's voice SINGING.