5) 1) dialog: ‘Artel! We-w-wait up! Ariel looks back. Lagging behind is her friend FLOUNDER, timid, overweight fish who speaks in a child-like stammer
5) 3) dialog: (apprehensive) I'm not g-g-goin in there! (CONTINUED)
5) 6) dialog: I'm n-n-not a guppy!
6) 5) text: Flounder excitedly shakes his head "nope!" Ariel happily rummages through the debris, examining each object carefu ARIEL (cont.) I can't believe it!! I don't have any of these yet! Ariel picks up the umbrella and fiddles with it. She obvi has no idea what it is used for. Suddenly it opens and sh draws back in surprise.
6) 6) dialog: C-c-come on... Ariel! You can look at this stuff later! D-don't you think we should get outta here? Flounder hears a strange -SOUND from outside. -He freezes FLOUNDER (cont.) (whispering) D-d-did you hear something? Ariel ignores Flounder as she begins stuffing her newfoun objects into a pouch. Flounder slowly turns and looks out doorway. A dark, vominous.:shadow passes over the outside Flounder panics. FLOUNDER (cont.) A-A-Ariel!!
6) 8) dialog: B-b-but... Flounder; ‘trembling with apprehension, hesitantly moves the doorway. He GULPS, and cautiously peers outside. Sudd a. huge open mouth filled with sharp, jagged teeth looms the doorway. This is GLUT, the great white shark. A humon living eating machine, as stupid as he is ferocious. FLOUNDER: (cont.) IT's’ G1-G1-G1-Glut!! Flounder reels back just as Glut's mouth violently SNAPS Ariel grabs the pouch and@ narrowly avoids a lunge by Glu he SLAMS into the hull. Debris goes flying as Ariel and Flounder zip out the cabin.
7) 0) text: Ariel SLAMS the metal door shut and bars it. Glut BURSTS through the door. Ariel picks up an oar and swings it at Glut eats the oar. Ariel and Flounder start pushing objec between themselves and Glut to block his path. Some jewel a french horn, a sea chest. The ravenous, shark devours everything. Ariel and Flounder exit through the porthole. again, Flounder is stuck. She yanks him through.
8) 0) text: Ariel and Flounder swim away from the ship. Glut EXPLODES through the porthole. Glut SNAPS at Flounder. He misses a gets a’mouth full of sea weed. He angrily spits it out. Flounder tries to elude Glut by clutching on to Glut's ta Glut finds it difficult to get to him. Flounder lets loos Glut SNAPSand bites his own tail. Glut YELPS in pain. ‘Flounder ‘ducks inthe muzzle of an old cannon to-hide. H stuck. Glut sees Flounder's tail sticking out the end of muzzle. Licking his chops, Glut opens his mouth to bite o the muzzle. Ariel topples a tall mast on top of Glut. The mast breaks hits the cannon, POPPING Flounder like a cork. Ariel yank Flounder away and takes off with Glut in hot pursuit. Ariel and Flounder zip through the huge anchor. Glut zips through also but gets his muzzle wedged in the anchors ri He ‘struggles furiously but. is unable to break free. Sim with rage, he glares at Ariel and Flounder as they streak ‘toward the water's surface.
9) 0) text: Ariel, clutching her pouch of objects, emerges at the top the water and climbs onto some jutting rocks in the middl the ocean. The weather is calm now and the sun is shining brightly. .As Flounder pops his head out of the water, Ar ‘looks~around, searching.
9) 9) dialog: M-more tr-tr-treasures from the h-h-human wor...
9) 19) dialog: Wh-what about th-th~that one?
9) 26) text: Ariel and Flounder swim past a dark, shadowy area. After pass, from out of the. shadows emerge two sinister shapes are ‘FLOTSAM and ‘JETSAM, two slimey Moray eels. We TRUCK CLOSE on the eel's glowing eyes. We can see Ariel, reflec in the eyes. ANGLE ON ARIEL - EEL'S P.O.V. A vision of Ariel swimming away is visible in a shimmerin of light.
12) 0) text: The Sea king is angrily swimming back and .forth in front throne. Ariel stands meekly in front of him with her head lowered. Flounder cowers behind Ariel while Sebastian wat from the sidelines.
13) 0) text: Ariel and Flounder swim through a thick kelp forest. Seba follows from a distance.
14) 0) text: vAriel-arrives :at her secret place, an encrusted underse There is a large stone blocking the entranceway. Ariel an Flounder move the stone aside just enough to allow them t squeeze through. Then they move the stone back into place Sebastian approaches the stone. He attempts to squeeze th a narrow crack but finds himself stuck. He pulls and tugs desperately,.then collapses in exhaustion, SEBASTIAN (cont.) (out of breath) Oh dis is just grand! Sebastian grabs on to a rock in front of him and using it leverage, tries to pry himself free. (CONTINUED)
14) 5) dialog: Ariel... are y-you okay!
14) 50) dialog: (panicking) Y-y-you're not gonna t-tell hin, are you?! —
15) 0) text: Ariel swims outside’ the grotto. and sees the moon has be obscured by the underside of a huge ship. Bright colored flicker around it. Ariel, overwhelmed with curiosity, swi toward the water's surface. Sebastian emerges from the gr and swims after her. Flounder follows.
16) 0) text: Ariel emerges on the surface of the water. In the distanc sees ‘the “huge three-masted ship from the beginning of t The colored lights Ariel saw are fireworks, EXPLODING dramatically in the skies. There are raucous sounds of MU SINGING and LAUGHING coming from the ship. Ariel stares a ship, mesmerized. Sebastian and Flounder pop out of the w near Ariel.
16) 24) dialog: They are watching from'the water. As the winds pick up, t are bounced up and down on the choppy waves. ANGLE ON THE BOAT - SEBASTIAN'S P.O.V. LIGHTNING illuminates the.skies. A tremendous gale arises The ship rocks violently on the choppy seas. “UPPER .DECK The sailors are reefing sails and battening down hatches. is taking charge, helping wherever he can. Ariel and Scut are knocked off balance by the rocking of the boat.
25) 0) text: Ariel and Flounder swim toward the entrance. Together, th move the stone aside.
25) 1) dialog: (excited) Y~-you'll see... It's a s~-surprise!! They enter the grotto. INT.» PASSAGEWAY Ariel and Flounder zip through the tunnel to her enclave.
25) 56) dialog: P-p-poor Ariel! i SEBASTIAN ~ I didn't mean to tell! It was an accident! De last ting I would do is hurt... Sebastian sees Ariel exiting the grotto with Flotsam and Sebastian swims over to Ariel. Flounder follows. SEBASTIAN (ccont.) Ariel! Where are you going? Ariel does not break stride. She keeps swimming straight ignoring him. Sebastian swims in. front of her, trying to her ‘attention. SEBASTIAN (cont.) Ariel! Flotsam and Jetsam look back and glare at Sebastian.
26) 0) text: Ariel and-the eels pass through an ominous area with HISS underwater volcanoeS, ROARING whirlpools, and peat bogs o BUBBLING mud. Hideous jagged toothed VIPERFISH hover ghreateningly. Finger-like sponges beckon Ariel onward. ding’on Flounder, follows from a distance. Flounder is shaking with fear.
28) 0) text: As the music subsides, Ariel breaks the surface of the wa She grabs a piece of floating debris from a shipwreck as GASPS for air. Sebastian and Flounder emerge also. Helpin Ariel stay afloat, they start swimming and pushing the de along the water, trying to reach land.
31) 0) text: We TRUCK IN on a lonely stretch of beach some distance aw the palace. Ariel, soaked, bedraggled and covered with se is collapsed on the sand. Sebastian is by her side, PANTI heavily while Flounder watches from the water. Ariel woozily.sits up. She stares with absolute fascinati at her two brand new human legs. She holds her foot up to face. She wiggles her toes. Her mouth drops open in total amazement. (CONTINUED)
31) 7) dialog: Ariel's been turned into a h-h-human! She's gotta make the Prince fall in love with her and k-k-kiss her... Ariel attempts to stand on her feet. She accomplishes thi a great deal of difficulty. (CONTINUED)
50) 1) dialog: They are anxiously watching from a distance.
50) 3) dialog: C-c-c-ome on! K-kiss her! Why don't you kiss her!
59) 7) dialog: Wh-what are we g-gonna do?! Sebastian looks around desperately. He spots a barrel tie a post. He SNAPS the rope with his claws. The barrel tumb into the ocean, floating on the surface.
59) 8) text: Ariel! Grab on to dat! Ariel jumps into the water, holding on to the barrel to s afloat. Sebastian dives in after her. He grabs the rope a thrusts it at Flounder. - (CONTINUED)
59) 12) dialog: (nodding) Re-r-right! Flounder takes off, pulling the barrel, with Ariel on top the direction of the boat. .
62) 0) text: Ariel is grasping on to the barrel as Flounder pulls. The wedding ship looms in the distance. Even though Flounder flapping his fins like mad, the barrel is creeping along.
62) 1) text: Glut the shark is sauntering menacingly through the water looks up and notices the underside of Ariel and Flounder soar by. Glut licks his chops and starts after them.
63) 0) text: Flounder is. tiring.
63) 1) dialog: (out of breath) I... I can't do it... (CONTINUED)
65) 0) text: Ariel is desperately clutching the barrel while Glut, mou hungrily, moves in for the kill. Flounder knows he has to something. Then he gets an idea. He takes a big GULP and summons all his courage. As Glut closes in on Ariel, sudd Flounder shoots out of the water right in front of Glut's waving his fins and sticking out his tongue. Glut frowns angrily, turns away from Ariel, and starts chasing Flound Flounder .lures Glut through the loop of the rope to the Glut is lassoed by the rope. Flounder tears off after the Glut pursues Flounder, dragging Ariel along the water in process.
67) 0) text: Flounder, with Glut right behind him, approaches the ship Ariel quickly jumps off the barrel and grabs on to the ri She is exhausted and barely able to hang on. Glut stays o heels of Flounder. Flounder swims over toward the barrel. the first time, we see the word, "GUNPOWDER", painted on barrel. Flounder desperately shoves the barrel into Glut' mouth, then dives for cover. Glut is about to bite down o arrel.
71) 3) text: Ariel, chased by Flotsam and Jetsam, ducks in and out of of coral reefs. The two eels are about to grab Ariel. Qui she uncorks a steam jet and dodges as the eels go sprayin of the scene. For a moment it looks like she, is in the c Suddenly, Flotsam and Jetsam spring up on each side of he She is surrounded. They close in. The only direction Arie can move is upward. ..She rapidly swims toward the surfac EXT. OCEAN'S’ SURFACE Ariel's head shoots out of the water. In the distance, Er and Flounder see her. Then Ariel is forcefully yanked bac into the water as Flotsam and Jetsam get their coils arou oo
72) 0) text: The waters are becoming more turbulent as Flounder and Er to reach the spot where they saw Ariel. There are ominous RUMBLES of THUNDER in the sky.
73) 5) dialog: Eric, grasping his harpoon, is holding his breath while t water. He sees Ursula LAUGHING in the distance beside Ari in the coils of Flotsam and Jetsam. He starts toward them
77) 0) text: Sebastian pulls Eric onto the edge of the beach. Flounder helps. Then Sebastian and Flounder quickly dive below the water's surface.
77) 1) text: Triton and Ariel tightly embrace, overcome with emotion. Sebastian and Flounder swim over to then.