16) 13) dialog: I know. The sailors cut the ribbon and remove the tarp revealing life-size marble statue of Prince Eric in an overly drama pose. ‘Eric“does*not look thrilled.
16) 15) dialog: I commissioned it myself. Of course, I had hoped it would be a wedding present, but...
16) 17) dialog: Eric, It isn't me alone... The entire kingdom wants to see you happily settled down with the right girl... (CONTINUED)
16) 21) dialog: Perhaps. you haven't been looking hard enough.
16) 30) dialog: (shouting) Help! Eric looks down and sees Grimsby's plight. He grabs a pla and manages to get it out to Grimsby to hang on to. Sudde the mast totally collapses. A heavy wooden beam slams int Eric's head. Eric is knocked unconscious and tumbles into ocean. GRIMSBY (cont'd) (shouting) Eric! ERIC!!! Everything is falling apart. The sea and sky are very dar we can only catch quick. glimpses of what is happening in of: Vightning.:..\There is rapid, frenetic cutting. Most of the crew have managed to climb into life boats. A is desperately looking for Eric. In a FLASH of lightning spots him. Ariel swims toward Eric. But in another FLASH, sees it is only the statue of Eric. She looks around frantically and sees Eric sinking beneath the surface of water. Ariel desperately tries to get to Eric, dodging planks an debris right and left, as they CRASH around her. (CONTINUED)
17) 18) text: Eric is coming to, rubbing his head in bewilderment. Max on Eric and happily licks him. Grimsby gives Eric a big h then draws back, embarassed by his uncharacteristic displ affection. GRIMSBY (cont.) You really delight in these sadistic strains on my blood pressure, don't you?
17) 20) dialog: Eric I think you've swallowed a bit too much seawater! Up. we go... That's a good boy! (CONTINUED)
30) 3) dialog: Ever since the shipwreck... doesn't eat... doesn't sleep... hasn't made fun of my appearance -for:days. He just sits there... pining for some mysterious singin: maiden who doesn't even exist...
33) 0) text: In a lavishly decorated palace hallway, Eric is talking t Grimsby and Carlotta while Ariel, overwhelmed with curios looks around the room. She stares in fascination at the glittering crystal chandeliers hanging from a towering ce the immense sculptures and paintings, rich carpets, huge fireplace, and a gigantic winding flight of stairs.
33) 2) dialog: Looks to me as if the girl just washed up from a shipwreck... She's obviously in a state of shock. Ariel, mouth hanging open, hesitantly peers up the long f of stairs to see where they go.
39) 0) text: Grimsby is seated at a long table in a huge, expansive di hall. He is puffing on a pipe. Eric is staring glumly out window at the ocean.
39) 1) dialog: Eric, be reasonable! Young ladies ' just don't go around rescuing , people in the middle of the ocean then flittering off into oblivion like some...
39) 8) dialog: Eric, isn't she a vision? Eric turns away from the window and looks at Ariel. He li up, impressed.
41) 0) text: Eric, Grimsby, Ariel and Carlotta hear the SOUND of incre racket coming from the kitchen. They look at each other, perplexed. ‘CARLOTTA | I think I'd better go see what Louis is up to... She exits the dining room.
43) 0) text: Carlotta briskly enters the dining room and sets covered in front of Eric, Ariel, and Grimsby. Carlotta rushes bac the kitchen. Eric and Grimsby remove the covers from thei appetizers.
43) 1) dialog: (slyly) You know Eric, perhaps our young guest might enjoy seeing some of the sights of the kingdom. Something in the way of a tour...?
43) 3) dialog: You can't spend all your time moping about! . You need to get out! Do something! Have a life! Get your mind off...
43) 7) dialog: Wonderful! Now let's eat before Ss crab wanders off my plate! Ariel's dish jostles with a sharp CLINK. Eric and Grimsby over. She clamps her hand down firmly on the lid.
55) 0) text: The brightly decorated wedding ship is departing the harb ‘It's passengers. include Eric and the maiden, Grimsby an Carlotta, Max, and the wedding party. The sun is looming brightly in the sky.
60) 0) text: On the upper deck of ‘the ship, the wedding ceremony is beginning. The MINISTER, an extremely elderly gentleman, standing at a podium at the front of the ship. There is a deal of pomp and circumstance. Some buglers blow a FANFAR and everyone quiets down. A group of musicians begin a variation of a WEDDING MARCH. The maiden, looking resplendent in the beautiful wedding starts down the aisle. Eric follows, dressed to the hilt, with a slightly dazed look on his face. Grimsby, Eric's b man, walks in behind him. . Eric and the maiden take thei in front of the podiun.
70) 2) dialog: (shouting) Look! Everyone looks in the direction Grimsby is pointing. They GASP and then a HUSH comes over the crowd. Ariel has fina managed to climb on to the deck. She is soaked and bedrag and on the verge of collapse. She starts to faint. Eric r over to her.