9) 2) dialog: 
9) 10) dialog: You think I don't know that, tubby? Yer forgettin' who yer talkin to here! I'm the world's -greatest. expert on-humans! Scuttle picks up the fork and begins examining it from di angles like a jeweler inspecting merchandise. SCUTTLE (cont.) Know everything there is to know * about em! I've seen em, heard *, em, ‘smelt ém, flown over and under u em all my life!
9) 12) dialog: What is what? (looks at fork) Oh this!
9) 14) dialog: (studying fork) Hmmmm... well, uh... Let me see here... This is... obviously... what humans refer to as a...a. dingelhopper! Yeah! Humans use hese to ~-. to straighten their hair out! Like so... He demonstrates. Using the fork as a comb, he runs it thr Ariel's hair. Ariel takes the fork and imitates Scuttle's action, running the fork through her hair by herself. oo
9) 18) dialog: You got it, kiddo! Ariel holds up the fork and looks at it reverentially. ‘ARIEL A dingelhopper!} Ariel picks up the shoe and hands it to Scuttle. ARIEL (cont.) What about this? It looks like something mystical! . SCUTTLE . (laughs gratingly) Don't go gettin' fanciful there, sweetie! This is a common item... (examining shoe) It's uh... mmm... a Friggerzoid, of course! Humans use these to... a to wash themselves! } ——————r Scuttle scoops water up inside the shoe and starts pourin over himself. Ariel is fascinated. Flounder excitedly mot toward the pipe.
9) 20) dialog: Keep your scales on, junior, I'm gettin' to that! (picks up pipe) This little baby's called a... ysnarfblatt! It's most commonly used to... to make music! Scuttle puts the pipe. in his mouth and blows through it. Nothing comes out but water. SCUTTLE (cont.) (shaking the pipe) This particular snarfblatt is defective. But a well tuned snarfblatt can make music that'd charm the pants off a... i Ariel gets a look of panic on her face..
9) 25) dialog: (shouting back) Anytime...
16) 8) dialog: Oh I get it... He drops down to her side. SCUTTLE (cont.) (whispering) ...we're being secretive!
17) 0) text: ‘The storm has died down as Ariel drags the unconscious E the sandy. beach. She gently lays him down. Ariel gingerl prods Eric, looking for some sign of life. Scuttle flies to watch.
31) 4) dialog: (shouting) Well, land 'o goshen, look at youl! Ariel looks up and sees Scuttle approaching. . He CRASH l in the sand, recovers, stops, and cocks his head curiousl He stares at Ariel, intently scrutinizing her. SCUTTLE (cont. )} There's something different...? -+-Don't tell me! He walks around Ariel, looking her over carefully. SCUTTLE (cont.) I know! You dyed your hair! Ariel shakes her head no. Sebastian rolls his eyes in exasperation. SCUTTLE (cont.) You lost weight? Once again she shakes her head. SCUTTLE (cont.) Hmmmmm... No hints, I'll get it, you... Sebastian can't stand it anymore.
31) 6) dialog: I knew that!
31) 12) dialog: A human, eh? Yeah... Yeah... You could pass as’a human ! (looks at sea weed) Except for that outfit. Forget it!! Humans haven't dressed thdt way in years! Scuttle looks around and spots the pile of rubble that ha washed up onto the beach. He lights up. SCUTTLE (cont.) Yeah!! Scuttle frantically digs in the rubble, pulling out tatte pieces of sail and other junk. EXT. BATTLEMENTS So Eric is continuing to stare sadly out at the ocean with M his side.. Suddenly Max perks up. He SNIFFS a few times. has picked up a scent. He starts off, following it.
32) 1) dialog: Yeah! Yeah, I like it! Sweetie it's you! Sebastian turns up his nose in disdain.
32) 3) dialog: (to Ariel) Let's see you move around a little! Ariel very stiffly puts one foot out in front of her. She pauses. Then she attempts.to bring the other. foot around loses her balance and almost steps on Sebastian. Ariel sl PLOPS to the ground and SPLATTERS sand all over Sebastian shakes off the sand in a huff. : (CONTINUED)
32) 8) dialog: Tsk... tsk...tsk... that's just not going to cut it! Come on, kiddo... Up! Up! on your feet! Let an expert show you how to perambulate!
32) 10) dialog: (demonstrates) Now uh... bipedal locomotion is a piece o' cake! All you gotta do is shift the, uh... quasi-directional whatchamacallits... Like so... Scuttle attempts to imitate a person walking. It is a coc version, looking like a cross between Mae West and Franke Sebastian shakes his head in embarassment... SCUTTLE (cont. ) You try it, Ariel! an Ariel does a pretty good job of imitating Scuttle and, if anything, looks even more ridiculous. Finally Sebastian c stand it no longer.
48) 0) text: It is a bright, sunny, beautiful morning. Ariel and Eric in'a colorful horsedrawn carriage departing the palace. G and Carlotta wave to them from the courtyard. Sebastian h in Ariel's pocket while Scuttle soars above them and Flou watches from the oceanfront, swimming to keep up.
50) 1) dialog: They are anxiously watching from a distance.
50) 2) dialog: Nothing's happening!
50) 4) dialog: Two days gone and that boy ain't puckered up once! This calls for a little vocal romantic stimulation...
53) 0) text: It is a bright, sunny morning. Scuttle is excitedly flyin toward the palace.
54) 0) text: Ariel is asleep in her bed with a happy smile on her face is dreaming of romance with Eric. Sebastian is also aslee on the stand beside the bed, SNORING loudly. Scuttle swoo through the window and enters the bedroom.
54) 1) dialog: (shouting) Ariel! Wake up!! WAKE UP!!! Sebastian wakes up with a jolt in reaction to Scuttle's screaming. Scuttle flies over to Ariel and frantically pu -at.her clothes and her hair. She wakes up.groggily. SCUTTLE (cont.) I just heard the news! Songratalations, kiddo! We did t! Ariel stares at the seagull blankly.
54) 5) dialog: _. (winking conspiratorily) Right! As if you two didn't know! The whole town's buzzin' about the Prince gettin' himself hitched this afternoon! Sebastian and Ariel.both look at each other, astonished. Scuttle shakes Ariel's hand.
54) 6) dialog: You crazy kidders! Just wanted to wish you luck! Catch ya later... Wouldn't miss it! Scuttle takes off out the window leaving a perplexed Arie Sebastian. Ariel lights up hopefully. Could this. mean he dream might actually be coming true? Suddenly they hear E voice shouting from downstairs. .
57) 0) text: -Scuttle is happily flying toward the wedding ship. He re puzzled, as he hears the sound of Ariel's SINGING, coming the ship. He flies down to investigate. The voice is eman from a porthole in the lower deck. Scuttle peers inside. INT. SHIP'S CABIN - SCUTTLE'S P.O.V. The maiden is alone in the cabin donning a beautiful wedd dress. She is singing a variation of the Witch's song "PO
57) 9) dialog: (gasps) The Sea Witch!!
58) 0) text: Scuttle is completely flustered. He flies around in ten different directions at once.
58) 1) dialog: Oh nol! She's gonna... Somebody's gotta... What am I gonna... I've gotta... (sereeches loudly)
59) 1) dialog: (screaming) Ariel!! They look up and see Scuttle circling overhead. Scuttle s them and crashlands on the dock next to Ariel. SCUTTLE (cont.) (out of breath) Ariel... the Prince... he's... he's not marrying you!!
59) 3) dialog: I... I was flying... looked in the porthole... I saw... I saw «ee I saw... I saw... I saw... Sebastian WHACKS the gull sharply on his beak.
59) 4) dialog: -+.THE SEA WITCH!!! The Prince is marrying the Sea Witch in disguise! !. They all react in shock and surprise.
59) 6) dialog: Have I ever been wrong? Ariel looks out to sea. The boat is just barely visible o -horizon.
59) 14) dialog: What about me?
61) 0) text: Scuttle is soaring through the skies, SHRIEKING out his c to arms at a fever pitch.
69) 0) text: Scuttle flies into the cabin and grabs the mirror off the It is heavy and he has difficulty maneuvering with it. He the cabin, carrying the mirror.
70) 0) text: Scuttle emerges on to the upper deck clinging to the heav mirror. He starts toward the maiden. But just as Scuttle about to get the mirror into position, he SLAMS into a be drops the mirror. It SMASHES to the floor.: The maiden sm relieved. But then, as the Prince looks down toward the f his eyes open wide. The invasion of the sea creatures has caused the floor of the deck to be covered with water. Er can see the reflection of the maiden in the water. Only i not the maiden. It is the the Sea Witch. The shock breaks effect of the maiden's spell. Eric draws away from the ma in horror.