3) 6) dialog: ‘“Ahhh ladies! You are looking particularly effervescent dis afternoon!
3) 12) dialog: Don't sit dere like barnacles! ‘Move!! The mermaids,: looking nervous, quickly file out to the s
4) 0) text: The lights in the auditorium dim and the audience becomes quiet. .A.spotlight falls on Sebastian as he proudly make way to the front of the stage. The hall. erupts with APPL Sebastian bows to the Sea king, and with a flamboyant flo raises his baton high in the air. He hits a downbeat and mer ORCHESTRA starts playing. The curtains part revealing mermaids in.an aquatic stage set.
12) 0) text: The Sea king is angrily swimming back and .forth in front throne. Ariel stands meekly in front of him with her head lowered. Flounder cowers behind Ariel while Sebastian wat from the sidelines.
12) 17) dialog: But your Majesty... I am an artist, not a nursemaid! Dis is... Triton fires a little ZAP of energy at Sebastian's feet s the crab scurrying out the chamber. SEBASTIAN (cont.) (frightened) Yes, your Majesty! “INT. “HALLWAY GRUMBLING to himself,. Sebastian approaches the door to A room and peers inside.
12) 18) dialog: Ariel...? INT. ARIEL'S ROOM ~ SEBASTIAN'S P.O.V. The room is empty.. Sebastian enters and looks around. He up to the window and looks out. ‘EXT. ‘OUTSIDE WINDOW ~ SEBASTIAN'S P.O.V. Sebastian sees Ariel in the distance with Flounder. She t the pouch of relics from him and the two furtively swim o together. Sebastian takes off after them.
14) 0) text: vAriel-arrives :at her secret place, an encrusted underse There is a large stone blocking the entranceway. Ariel an Flounder move the stone aside just enough to allow them t squeeze through. Then they move the stone back into place Sebastian approaches the stone. He attempts to squeeze th a narrow crack but finds himself stuck. He pulls and tugs desperately,.then collapses in exhaustion, SEBASTIAN (cont.) (out of breath) Oh dis is just grand! Sebastian grabs on to a rock in front of him and using it leverage, tries to pry himself free. (CONTINUED)
14) 47) dialog: (speechless) Ariel! How could you...? Why would you...? WHAT IS ALL DIS?!_
14) 49) dialog: ‘Your collection? Hmph! Stones is a collection! Shells is a collection! Dis is... dis is... (as if uttering the forbidden) ---human stuff! If your father knew ‘bout dis place | he would...
14) 52) dialog: Ariel... child... you under a lot of pressure down here... come wid me... I take you home, get you someting warm to drink and... (CONTINUED)
14) 57) dialog: Ariel? Sebastian frantically chases after her.
15) 0) text: Ariel swims outside’ the grotto. and sees the moon has be obscured by the underside of a huge ship. Bright colored flicker around it. Ariel, overwhelmed with curiosity, swi toward the water's surface. Sebastian emerges from the gr and swims after her. Flounder follows.
16) 0) text: Ariel emerges on the surface of the water. In the distanc sees ‘the “huge three-masted ship from the beginning of t The colored lights Ariel saw are fireworks, EXPLODING dramatically in the skies. There are raucous sounds of MU SINGING and LAUGHING coming from the ship. Ariel stares a ship, mesmerized. Sebastian and Flounder pop out of the w near Ariel.
16) 1) dialog: Ariel! What are you... (notices ship) Jumpin! jellyfish! As the flickering fireworks reflect off Ariel's awe inspi “face, ‘she starts toward the ship. SEBASTIAN (cont.) (shouting after her) Ariel! Ariel, please! COME
16) 24) dialog: They are watching from'the water. As the winds pick up, t are bounced up and down on the choppy waves. ANGLE ON THE BOAT - SEBASTIAN'S P.O.V. LIGHTNING illuminates the.skies. A tremendous gale arises The ship rocks violently on the choppy seas. “UPPER .DECK The sailors are reefing sails and battening down hatches. is taking charge, helping wherever he can. Ariel and Scut are knocked off balance by the rocking of the boat.
17) 26) dialog: ++.we just going to forget any of dis ever happened. De Sea King will never know. You won't tell him. I won't tell him! I will stay in one piece! As Sebastian ‘speaks, ‘we-see that Ariel is totally obliv what he is saying. She continues to stare longingly after Prince. .
21) 0) text: Ina pictures e sea garden, Ariel is lounging on a rock, dreamily pulling petals off a flower. Sebastian is nervou pacing around her.
21) 2) dialog: Ariel! Stop talking crazy!. Ariel excitedly starts swimming back and forth, getting c away with her fantasy. Sebastian struggles to try and kee with her.
21) 4) dialog: (shouting) Ariel, please! Will you get your head out of de clouds and back in de water where it belongs!
21) 6) dialog: Down here is your home! Ariel, listen to me! De human world... it's a mess!
21) 7) text: Sebastian and Ariel move into a colorful area filled with fish, and crustaceans. . SEBASTIAN (cont.) I'm telling you... Life under de sea is better den anyting dey got up dere... (sings) (CONTINUED)
21) 70) dialog: De Sea King?
21) 72) dialog: _(to himself) | He knows!
23) 0) text: Sebastian is -pacing:back and forth in a hallway directly the Sea King's chamber. He is preparing to go in. He isa nervous wreck.
23) 1) dialog: (to himself) Poor Ariel! What will he do to | her? What will he do to me?! 1 He'll fire me... dat's for sure! -.. No he won't fire me... He'll kill me! ... No... first he'll fire me, den he'll kilT ne...
23) 3) dialog: (to himself) I mustn't overreact! I must _remain calm... .
24) 0) text: Triton is sitting at his throne, playfully fashioning a l holographic-like image of Ariel and a handsome merman tog He quickly dissipates the image and puts on a mock stern expression as Sebastian meekly enters. (CONTINUED)
24) 1) text: Sebastian 31.
24) 2) dialog: (softly) Yes... your Majesty...?
24) 4) dialog: ..-peculiar...?
24) 6) dialog: (freezing) ...k-keeping someting...?
24) 8) dialog: (gulps) +e. Aviel...?
24) 10) dialog: (screaming)
24) 18) dialog: (trying to cover) Humans? Who said anyting about humans... heh heh.. cur TO:
25) 31) dialog: Ariel, I... I...
25) 60) dialog: Ariel, What are you doing wid dis _viff raff?
25) 62) dialog: (horrified) De Sea Witch? Sebastian frantically grabs on to Ariel's tail, trying to er. SEBASTIAN (cont.) (shouting) Ariel no! She is a demon! A ‘monster! She will... .
25) 64) dialog: But... but I... Sebastian looks back and forth, unsure what to do. Then h turns to Flounder, decisively. SEBASTIAN (cont.) Come on! Sebastian takes off after Ariel. Flounder follows.
27) 46) text: Sebastian 42. URSULA (Cont'd) Three days. Now listen. This s Important. Before the sun sets on the third day, you've got to get dear old Princie to fall in+ love with you. That is... he’s got to kiss you. Not just any kiss. A special kiss. The kiss of true love. If he does kiss you... before the sun sets on the third day...you'll remain human... permanently. But if he doesn't... you turn back into a mermaid and... (Her. eyes light up) You belong to me! bursts into the chamber.
27) 47) dialog: (shouting) No, Ariel! Don't be stupid!! Don't listen to her! She'll.. Ariel is startled at» the sight of Sebastian and Flounder Flotsam and Jetsam immediately pounce on the crab and shu up. Flounder is terrified.
28) 0) text: As the music subsides, Ariel breaks the surface of the wa She grabs a piece of floating debris from a shipwreck as GASPS for air. Sebastian and Flounder emerge also. Helpin Ariel stay afloat, they start swimming and pushing the de along the water, trying to reach land.
31) 0) text: We TRUCK IN on a lonely stretch of beach some distance aw the palace. Ariel, soaked, bedraggled and covered with se is collapsed on the sand. Sebastian is by her side, PANTI heavily while Flounder watches from the water. Ariel woozily.sits up. She stares with absolute fascinati at her two brand new human legs. She holds her foot up to face. She wiggles her toes. Her mouth drops open in total amazement. (CONTINUED)
31) 5) dialog: (exploding) SHE'S GOT LEGS, YOU IDIOT!! She traded her voice to de Sea Witch and GOT LEGS!! Jeez, mon...
32) 2) dialog: We want de Prince to kiss her, not hide from her!
32) 9) dialog: Dis I gotta see. Ariel stands up. Scuttle takes center stage in an area in of her.
32) 11) dialog: (shouting) No! No! No! No! Ariel, don't Tisten to dis birdbrain! He don't know... ‘They are“interupted the sound of ferocious BARKING in th distance. They all turn and see Max running straight at t They are all terrified of the dog, particularly Sebastian Max seems to be zeroing in on him.
32) 12) dialog: (shouting) . Get back!! Go Away!! ~ Sebastian scampers up into a pocket in Ariel's dress, try to hide. Max pursues him. Frightened, Ariel frantically staggers away from the dog, climbing on to some rocks. . difficulty, slipping and sliding. (CONTINUED)
34) 2) text: Carlotta stuffs Ariel's dress into a hamper. Sebastian is in the pocket, getting squished.
34) 3) dialog: (wincing) OOOFF!! ... Will you... Madame, please!! Carlotta picks up some towels’ and heads back into the ba chamber.
35) 2) text: Slowly the lid of the hamper opens a crack as Sebastian t peeks out to see if the coast is clear. He reacts sharply two SERVANT GIRLS enter the room.
36) 0) text: The girls dump the contents of the hamper into a large va soapy water. They start washing the clothes, never notici poor Sebastian. .The crab is jolted back and forth as the the clothes around and plunge them in and out of the wate He gets scrubbed against the washboard, swallows a lot of and barely escapes going through the wringer. Finally Seb manages to crawl out of the vat and drops to the floor. H continuoulsly BELCHING up soap bubbles as he quickly make way out of the laundry room.
37) 0) text: Sebastian emerges into a vast, empty hallway. He shakes o the soap and BELCHES ‘some more bubbles.
37) 1) dialog: Dis is madness! The tiny crab makes a beeline, scampering down the immens hallway. A young MAID enters, carrying a tray of dishes. sees the crab, lets out an ear shattering SCREAM, and dro tray. The dishes break in a thundering CRASH. Sebastian a has a heart attack and scampers along the floor even more frantically. As the maid continues to SCREAM, Sebastian c up to the ledge of an open window and hurls himself out. EXT. ‘PALACE. ‘COURTYARD - DUSK Sebastian hits the ground hard. He recovers groggily, rub his head.
37) 2) dialog: (moans) What a day I am having! Sebastian hears Max, BARKING loudly. He looks up and sees dog running straight at him. Sebastian takes off, with Ma on his heels. (CONTINUED)
38) 0) text: Sebastian lands on a large wooden-table. He staggers upri and looks around. His eyes open wide as they dart around room. Several dead chickens are hanging upside down. Some fish are on a counter. LOUIS, an overweight, exuberant Fr chef is sharpening knives to a razor's edge and boiling w to a frenzy.
38) 1) dialog: (whispering) Oh... my... God!!!
40) 0) text: Sebastian is hiding behind a bottle of wine as Chef Louis merrily continues his preparations for the meal. To Sebas the table becomes a gigantic obstacle course as he attemp weave his way across it without being seen. He quickly ru out from behind the wine bottle and darts. behind a bowl crean.
43) 5) dialog: (whispering) Shhhhh...!! Eric turns to Ariel. She quickly lowers the lid to her di and smiles at hin.
45) 1) dialog: ..-Dis has to be, widout a doubt, de single most humiliating day of my life!
45) 2) dialog: He is on a stand next to the bed. He is a gooey mess, sti covered with flour, sauce, and bits of lettuce. He is struggling, trying to clean himself off.
45) 3) dialog: (fuming) Dat overstuffed barbarian! I'd like to marinate him! My mother never raise her little Sebastian to be an appetizer! (sighs) What did I tell you, Ariel... De human world... it's a nightmare!
45) 4) dialog: Ariel snuggles into the featherbed. This is a new experie for her, and she decides she rather likes it. She tries t pillow under her feet, then under her head.
45) 5) dialog: But would you listen to me? No... you just have to find dese tings out for yourself! _We move away from”Ariel and TRUCK IN close on Sebastian. SEBASTIAN (cont.) You only got two days left! How you gonna get dat boy to kiss you? (more) (CONTINUED)
48) 0) text: It is a bright, sunny, beautiful morning. Ariel and Eric in'a colorful horsedrawn carriage departing the palace. G and Carlotta wave to them from the courtyard. Sebastian h in Ariel's pocket while Scuttle soars above them and Flou watches from the oceanfront, swimming to keep up.
50) 9) dialog: (to himself) I am surrounded by amateurs! He rolls his eyes in exasperation and jumps off the rowbo the lagoon. Scuttle notices him, stops singing, and watch curiously. °
50) 11) dialog: (under his breath) You want sometin' done you got to do it yourself... (to the creatures) First we got to create de mood. Percussion... (a rhythm starts) Winds... Strings... (more fish join in) Words... (sings) DERE YOU ‘SEE HER
50) 21) dialog: (to sea creatures) Sing with me now... (they join in)
50) 35) dialog: He rolls his eyes at the corniness of this.
50) 41) dialog: (shouting in a whisper) Ariel!! Her.name is Ariel!!!
50) 43) dialog: 
54) 0) text: Ariel is asleep in her bed with a happy smile on her face is dreaming of romance with Eric. Sebastian is also aslee on the stand beside the bed, SNORING loudly. Scuttle swoo through the window and enters the bedroom.
54) 8) text: Ariel beams, her heart leaping. She gives Sebastian a big grabs a robe and happily runs out the door. Sebastian hur after her.
56) 0) text: Ariel is sitting on a platform on the dock, watching the ship depart in the distance. Her bare feet dangle in the She looks very sad and forlorn. Her heart is broken. Flou nuzzles up to Ariel in a comforting gesture. Sebastian le over to her, overcome with emotion. SEBASTIAN ° (on the brink of tears) What can I say{ Humans are slime! Dere is no doubt about it! Ariel forces a smile and gently pets Sebastian. Then, as looks wistfully at her reflection in the water, we hear a reprise of "Life Under the Sea" in a melancholy strain. S sees a school of fish swim by and seems lost in thought a the world she left behind. She gazes out at the departing wedding ship which is now just barely visible on the edge the horizon. She looks up at the sun. (CONTINUED)
59) 2) dialog: We know dat, you dodo!
59) 5) dialog: Are you sure about dis?
59) 8) text: Ariel! Grab on to dat! Ariel jumps into the water, holding on to the barrel to s afloat. Sebastian dives in after her. He grabs the rope a thrusts it at Flounder. - (CONTINUED)
59) 13) dialog: I got to get de Sea King! He got to know "bout dis!
59) 15) dialog: You got to find some way to stall dat wedding! Sebastian swims off. Scuttle flies around nervously. a SCUTTLE Stall the wedding? How do I... What can I... Scuttle lights up as he gets an idea. He immediately flie emitting a strange CAWING,. horn-like sound that resemble military call to arms.
70) 17) text: Sebastian has rounded up the Sea King and the two of them racing to the rescue.
73) 3) text: At the spot where Triton had been we see a glowing ball o magical light. The light dissipates revealing a hideous p writhing helplessly in the ground. Triton's crown and tri lay to its side. Ariel and Sebastian are aghast. Ursula p on the crown and picks up the trident.
74) 1) text: As Sebastian tries to retrieve the trident, Ursula is simultaneously drowning and strangling Eric. She is consu with rage. Eric is near death, but with one last ditch bu of energy, he is able to wrench his arm free and grab the trident from Sebastian. He FIRES. The Witch is hit with a tremendous BOLT of ENERGY. She lets out a blaod curdling and slowly dissolves into dark, black foam. The only thin of her is the nautilus shell containing Ariel's voice, wh sinks toward the floor of the ocean. Eric passes out, completely drained. Sebastian and Flound go to him and help him back up toward the surface. (CONTINUED)
77) 0) text: Sebastian pulls Eric onto the edge of the beach. Flounder helps. Then Sebastian and Flounder quickly dive below the water's surface.
77) 1) text: Triton and Ariel tightly embrace, overcome with emotion. Sebastian and Flounder swim over to then.
78) 2) dialog: They surface and observe Ariel. Triton watches his daught then looks back toward Eric, the object of her heart's de Triton observes them for a long beat. He looks thoughtful He turns toward Sebastian.