2) 0) text: We see the various mer guests arriving in a huge, ornate auditorium. They are being seated by SEA HORSE USHERS. A SWORDFISH uncross like honor guards as TRITON, the imposi King enters. the hall and takes his seat in the royal box TRUCK IN on a large stage with a curtain of shimmering an behind Triton. .
4) 20) dialog: (growling) “ARIEL!!!
12) 1) dialog: (shouting) It's not just me you disappointed, young lady! What about your sisters? What about Sebastian? What about everyone who came to hear you sing?
12) 3) dialog: It would be different if this were the first time! **“ FLOUNDER (jumping in) B-but it wasn't her f-f-fault! Glut chased us and then this s-seagull was talking and... Ariel gives Flounder a sharp look. He quickly covers his realizing he has said too much.
12) 4) dialog: Seagull...? (realization) You. went up to the surface again, didn't -you?. DIDN'T You?
12) 9) dialog: (enraged) Those fisheating monsters are everywhere! Spreading violence and destruction! Do you think | I want to see my youngest daughter snared by some savage's fishhook!!
12) 11) dialog: (shouting) The problem I'll tell you what the problem is, young lady! The problem is that I have six daughters who are proper Sea Princesses, who shoulder responsibility, who do what they're told, who make me proud to be their father... and then I have you... Ariel stiffens, visibly hurt by this remark. She lowers h head, trying to fight back her emotions. She looks back u ‘her father and is about to say something. TRITON (cont.) Not another word! And I am never to hear of you going to the surface again! Is that clear? Ariel is very upset. She turns away from Triton and quick exits. Flounder follows. Triton's anger dissipates and he turns helplessly to Sebastian. TRITON (cont.) Am I wrong, Sebastian? Do you “think I'm being too hard on her? Sebastian looks nervous. He is on the spot. He shrugs and forces a smile.
12) 13) dialog: From now on, Ariel is your responsibility! I want you to watch over her and keep her out of trouble! (CONTINUED) i
20) 3) dialog: What? What has she got?
20) 5) dialog: (thoughtfully) Ariel... in love? (CONTINUED)
23) 2) dialog: Come in, Sebastian.
24) 0) text: Triton is sitting at his throne, playfully fashioning a l holographic-like image of Ariel and a handsome merman tog He quickly dissipates the image and puts on a mock stern expression as Sebastian meekly enters. (CONTINUED)
24) 3) dialog: Sebastian, I'm concerned about ~ Ariel. Have you noticed she's been acting peculiar lately?
24) 5) dialog: You know... mooning about, daydreaming, singing to herself...You haven't noticed? shrugs helplessly,’ afraid to say anything. TRITON (cont.) (suppressing a smile) Sebastian, I know you've been keeping something from me.
24) 7) dialog: (leading him) About... Ariel...?
24) 9) dialog: In... love...? There is a long pregnant pause. Then suddenly Sebastian h himself at the King's feet in a hysterical frenzy.
24) 17) dialog: Humans!! What about HUMANS?!! In an instant, Sebastian realizes the King didn't know. N he has let the cat out of the bag.
25) 9) dialog: I consider myself a reasonable merman... I set certain rules... and I expect those rules to be sobeyed...
25) 11) dialog: Is it true you rescued a human from drowning?
25) 13) dialog: (building intensity) Contact between the human world and the mer world is strictly forbidden. You know that. Everyone knows that!
25) 15) dialog: One less human to worry about!
25) 20) dialog: (shouting) Know him? I don't have to know him! They're all the same... spineless savage harpooning fisheaters incapable of any . feeling or...
25) 23) dialog: (shouting) No!!! . As the King yells, everything in the grotto RATTLES and S Glass SHATTERS. Sebastian winces. Triton paces the room i a rage. TRITON (cont.) Have you lost your senses completely! He's a human! You're a mermaid! You can never be together!
25) 25) dialog: (shouting) So help me Ariel, I am going to ‘get through to you! And if this is ‘the only way... SO BE IT!!! Flounder dives for cover as Triton FIRES a bolt of energy the candelabra. It EXPLODES.
47) 1) dialog: Any word...?
47) 3) dialog: (hoarsely) Keep looking...
71) 8) dialog: Ursula stop! Ursula whirls and sees Triton’ approaching with Sebastian him. He is pointing his trident at her. She smiles sardonically.
71) 10) dialog: Let my daughter go!
72) 2) dialog: (measured) -.. You will agree that none of my daughters will be harmed in any way?
73) 3) text: At the spot where Triton had been we see a glowing ball o magical light. The light dissipates revealing a hideous p writhing helplessly in the ground. Triton's crown and tri lay to its side. Ariel and Sebastian are aghast. Ursula p on the crown and picks up the trident.
76) 0) text: A magical GLOWING LIGHT transforms the Triton polyp. Once he is back to his original regal forn.
77) 1) text: Triton and Ariel tightly embrace, overcome with emotion. Sebastian and Flounder swim over to then.
77) 2) dialog: (softly) It's allright, sweetheart... It's allright...
78) 2) dialog: They surface and observe Ariel. Triton watches his daught then looks back toward Eric, the object of her heart's de Triton observes them for a long beat. He looks thoughtful He turns toward Sebastian.
78) 3) dialog: That... that human saved my life... . The Sea King SIGHS. He is on the verge of making a monume descision. He looks over at Sebastian with an attitude th says, “Should I?" Sebastian understands and nods pleading The Sea King looks back at his daughter and smiles. He ge ‘ana a magical glow comes out of his trident.