9) 27) dialog: Such a strange child... so unlike ' her sisters... so foolish... so vulnerable...
10) 1) dialog: Flotsam! Jetsam! Keep an eye on this one. She may prove to be Triton's undoing... cuT TO:
17) 32) dialog: My, my... the daughter of the great Sea King cavorting with a human...
17) 34) dialog: How shocking! What would dear old daddy say? (bitterly) Serves him right! That miserable old tyrant! (CONTINUED)
17) 37) dialog: (smiles deviously) Still... this little mermaid's situation seems ripe with possibilities... (laughs) Yes... I see a most brilliant future for this lovesick girl... As she speaks, we PAN ALONG the polyps. They each have ti faces, looking mute and helpless. . URSULA (cont.) She would make such a charming addition to my little garden... The polyps writhe in horror as the Witch LAUGHS diabolica
27) 7) dialog: Flotsam... Jetsam... you divine little vipers... I see you've brought a customer.... (to Ariel) Come in! Come in, my child! We mustn't lurk in doorways... It's rude... One might question your upbringing. Ariel edges a little further into the room. The Witch mov slowly and threateningly toward Ariel, scrutinizing her. Witch tilts back Ariel's face and runs her three inch rub fingernail along Ariel's white exposed neck. URSULA (cont.) My my how you've grown! The last - time I saw you, you were scarcely a minnow... She runs her fingers through Ariel's hair. URSULA (cont.) Is this how they're wearing their hair back at the palace nowadays? Of course I wouldn't know... I've been banished forever. by your dear old Daddy. Reduced to living in this wretched hovel for all eternity! Ursula turns away from Ariel, gesturing plaintively. (CONTINUED)
27) 13) dialog: (laughing) Oh these things get so blown out of proportion... At any rate, I've reformed. I only do good these days... The Witch abruptly shifts her manner and moves back towar Ariel. Her tone becomes businesslike. : URSULA (cont.) Now then... You're here because you have a thing for this human... this Prince fellow... Not that I blame you. He is quite a catch, isn't he? She leans in close to Ariel, nudges and winks at her flirtatiously. Ariel blushes. URSULA (cont.) Well, angelfish, the solution to your problem is simple... The only way to get what you want... Is to become a human yourself! Ariel's eyes open. wide as the implications of all this s Sebastian and Flounder also react. Sebastian is horrified
27) 15) dialog: (laughing) My dear sweet child! That's what Ido! It's what I live for! To help unfortunate merfolk, like yourself! Poor souls with no one else to turn to... (sings) (CONTINUED)
27) 45) text: The song breaks, with MUSIC continuing, as Ursula SNAPS h fingers and a mystical scroll, the contract, appears in h hands. Ariel attempts to read the scroll as Ursula explai the terms in rapidfire delivery. URSULA (cont.) Here's the deal: I will make you a potion that will turn you into a human for three days. Got that? (more) (CONTINUED)
27) 46) text: Sebastian 42. URSULA (Cont'd) Three days. Now listen. This s Important. Before the sun sets on the third day, you've got to get dear old Princie to fall in+ love with you. That is... he’s got to kiss you. Not just any kiss. A special kiss. The kiss of true love. If he does kiss you... before the sun sets on the third day...you'll remain human... permanently. But if he doesn't... you turn back into a mermaid and... (Her. eyes light up) You belong to me! bursts into the chamber.
27) 48) dialog: (smiling) Have we got a deal?
27) 50) dialog: That's right! But you'll have your man! Life's full of tough choices, isn't it? (sings)
27) 66) dialog: Oh yes, I almost forgot... we haven't discussed the subject of payment. You can't get something for nothing, you know.
27) 69) dialog: You got it, sweetcakes! No more talking... singing...zippo!!
27) 72) dialog: You'll have your looks, your pretty face. And don't underestimate the importance of body language. (sings) “THE MEN UP THERE DON'T LIKE ALOT OF BLABBER
50) 70) dialog: That was a close one... too close! The little tramp! She's better than I thought! The witch's staff PLUNGES into the pool, obliterating the ‘vision.
51) 1) dialog: But she's not going to get away from me that easily! This one's too important! The Witch stirs up the ingredients in the pool. They BUBB & and ‘FLARE. UP, creating a magical mist. URSULA (cont. (vicious) Triton's daughter will be mine! And then I'll make him writhe! I'll see him wriggle like a worm on a hook! She scoops up a handful of the potion from the pool and s it. She SCREAMS and doubles up in agony. We see her silho transforming through the mist.
57) 2) dialog: 
70) 15) dialog: You can't get away, angelfish! You're mine now! Flotsam and Jetsam spring into view, swimming tailgunner fashion, on each side of the Witch.
70) 16) dialog: (shouting) Flotsam! Jetsam! Get her!! Flotsam and Jetsam zoom after Ariel.
71) 7) dialog: Tsk...tsk...tsk... Poor little Princess. Don't be frightened... (smiles deviously) It's not you I'm after. You're merely the bait! I've got a much bigger fish to... “Suddenly a BOLT of ENERGY fires past her.
71) 9) dialog: Why, King Triton! How are you? It's been such a long time, hasn't it? The King raises his trident.
71) 11) dialog: -Kill me if you like! But I'11 take this little minnow with me! She's mine now! We made a deal... Ursula FLASHES Ariel's contract in front of Triton. He gl at it and angrily FIRES a bolt of energy full force at th contract. ‘The energy DISSIPATES leaving the contract int URSULA (cont.) (laughing) You see! It's all fair and square and completely unbreakable, even for you! The Sea King stops; immobile. Ursula turns to Ariel, but hesitates and looks slyly back at the Sea King. URSULA (cont.) ‘Course I always was a girl with an eye for a bargain... (more) (CONTINUED)
72) 3) dialog: (anxious) Fine! Fine! I won't touch a hair on ‘their precious little noggins! Now, do we have a deal? The Sea King nods solemnly. Instantly, Ariel's contract rewrites itself, replacing Ariel's signature with Triton' As Ariel and Sebastian watch in horror, the Witch raises arms, preparing to perform.her snake spell on the Sea Kin The waters around them begin swirling, turning into whirl illuminated by bright FLASHES .of magical light.
73) 3) text: At the spot where Triton had been we see a glowing ball o magical light. The light dissipates revealing a hideous p writhing helplessly in the ground. Triton's crown and tri lay to its side. Ariel and Sebastian are aghast. Ursula p on the crown and picks up the trident.
73) 4) dialog: (laughing hideously) Dear Triton! I hope you'll enjoy the garden as much as I!1l1 enjoy the palace!
73) 6) dialog: She turns and sees Eric.
73) 7) dialog: Well, well... If it isn't lover boy! How perfect! Ursula smiles gleefully and points the trident at Eric. S FIRES a bolt of energy. He is just barely able to dodge i She HOWLS delightedly and FIRES several times in rapid succession. Eric keeps frantically dodging. Then he whirl raises up, and hurls his harpoon at Ursula. It grazes her shoulder. She grabs her arm, wincing in pain, then turns him, -enraged.
73) 8) dialog: (shouting) Why you little fool! Ursula FIRES a tremendous bolt. Once-again, Eric barely d as the rocks behind him EXPLODE. Eric is tiring. and runn out of breath. -He desperately tries to swim toward the’ of the water before he passes out. While the Triton polyp watches helplessly, Flotsam and Je let go of Ariel and take off after Eric. Sebastian and Fl jump into the fray, trying to help the Prince. (CONTINUED)
74) 0) text: There is a violent storm with THUNDER, LIGHTNING, fierce and RAIN. Eric emerges near his boat, GASPING-for air. He hurls himself into the boat just as Ursula BURSTS out of water. Eric grabs another harpoon and prepares to thrust at the Witch. Ursula FIRES and the boat is hit, EXPLODING Eric is shot back into the water. His harpoon goes flying Ursula, insane with anger, moves in on the dazed Eric. Sh ~points ‘the trident and prepares to fire point blank at Ariel SLAMS into Ursula again and the trident is knocked of the Witch's grasp. Ursula violently slings Ariel into coral rock formation. Ariel hits her head hard and loses consciousness. Ursula, eyes blazing, reels back toward Eric. He is going the trident. He is about to grasp .it when Ursula furious leaps at him, smothering him in her fishy appendages. Whi Eric frantically struggles in her grasp, she viciously dr him back down into the drink.
74) 1) text: As Sebastian tries to retrieve the trident, Ursula is simultaneously drowning and strangling Eric. She is consu with rage. Eric is near death, but with one last ditch bu of energy, he is able to wrench his arm free and grab the trident from Sebastian. He FIRES. The Witch is hit with a tremendous BOLT of ENERGY. She lets out a blaod curdling and slowly dissolves into dark, black foam. The only thin of her is the nautilus shell containing Ariel's voice, wh sinks toward the floor of the ocean. Eric passes out, completely drained. Sebastian and Flound go to him and help him back up toward the surface. (CONTINUED)