4) 35) dialog: Don’t worry, Mr. Harrington. The other kids climb into the limo. The guys watch Dex sl Kayla’s ass as she climbs in. The limo takes off.
5) 0) text: The kids are having fun in the back seat. Sam suddenly le over and kisses a surprised Chad. Kayla, in response, snuggles up to Dex, who dives in for raunchy tongue-flailing makeout. Kayla engages for a few seconds then pulls away and laughs nervously. Austin looks at Julie, what's going on here? Julie shrugs In the front seat, Seth is out of his tuxedo and is now sporting stained cargo shorts and a Garbage Pail Kids t- shirt. He zips down the partition.
9) 0) text: The tastefully decorated room is packed with horny PROM- GOERS. It’s a beautiful evening. Julie and Austin dance together and have a great time.
12) 15) dialog: (pleading with Seth) We’re in high school. We don’t have that kind of cash. Come on, Seth.
20) 0) text: Austin makes out with Julie. Sam, a bit tipsy, looks over Kayla, then rubs Chad’s thigh. Chad’s eyes, among other things, grow huge. He laughs nervously. Kayla, also tipsy, leans over and rubs Dex’s leg. He slid forward, which moves her hand on his crotch. She quickly removes her hand and he laughs. EXT. TINA’S HOUSE - NIGHT The house is dark. Not a single light is on. Pete’s car p up in front of the house.
26) 17) dialog: Of course. ON THE GUYS... .+. Who spot the girls, but it’s too late as the kids boa PARTY BOAT.
29) 0) text: A post-prom booze cruise is raging as it cruises toward t Statue of Liberty. Austin walks over with a drink for Jul She smiles. He kisses Julie’s neck, but she’s distracted. watches Sam downing beers from plastic cups.
29) 3) dialog: I have a huge boner right now.
40) 0) text: Soft music plays. Austin lights a couple of candles. It’s romantic... for high school kids.
40) 1) dialog: What do you think?
40) 3) dialog: You're sure you want to do this, right?
40) 5) dialog: Thank you! Julie laughs.
40) 7) dialog: I love you, too. Julie stands and unzips her dress. It drops to the floor. Austin stares at Julie’s body.
40) 8) dialog: Thanks again! Julie laughs and gets into bed. INT. KAYLA AND DEX’S HOTEL ROOM - NIGHT Kayla checks out the room while Dex lays on the bed. He l like a cheetah about to pounce on a weakened gazelle.