5) 0) text: The kids are having fun in the back seat. Sam suddenly le over and kisses a surprised Chad. Kayla, in response, snuggles up to Dex, who dives in for raunchy tongue-flailing makeout. Kayla engages for a few seconds then pulls away and laughs nervously. Austin looks at Julie, what's going on here? Julie shrugs In the front seat, Seth is out of his tuxedo and is now sporting stained cargo shorts and a Garbage Pail Kids t- shirt. He zips down the partition.
5) 8) dialog: And some energy drinks! Dex shoots him a look.
5) 9) dialog: But mostly beer.
9) 3) dialog: I have no idea what you’re saying right now. Sam keeps grinding, but with a little less interest. Kayl tries to mimic Sam’s moves. Dex is into it, but is distra by the 50 YEAR OLD D.J., who looks terminally bored.
20) 0) text: Austin makes out with Julie. Sam, a bit tipsy, looks over Kayla, then rubs Chad’s thigh. Chad’s eyes, among other things, grow huge. He laughs nervously. Kayla, also tipsy, leans over and rubs Dex’s leg. He slid forward, which moves her hand on his crotch. She quickly removes her hand and he laughs. EXT. TINA’S HOUSE - NIGHT The house is dark. Not a single light is on. Pete’s car p up in front of the house.
33) 0) text: On the dance floor, Kayla tries to keep up with Sam, who thrust her pelvis at Chad. Kayla slithers seductively dow Dex’'s body and bobs her head, simulating blowing him, th slides up and bites his lip.
33) 9) dialog: (tentatively) Uh, yeah, okay. (trying to be cool) Def.
33) 11) dialog: A non-smoking room, please.
41) 2) dialog: Too much teeth. ON CHAD, who looks uncomfortable. REVEAL Sam sucking aggressively on his... toes.
41) 4) dialog: Uh, okay. Chad could not look any more confused. He flinches repeatedly, trying hard to stifle his laugh reflex.
41) 5) dialog: No, not the pinky toe!
41) 7) dialog: You know, this isn’t doing much for me. Can we try something else?
45) 0) text: Sam dry humps Chad, who tries to squirm away until he fin himself on his belly. Sam is grinding against his back. 95.
45) 2) dialog: I’m sorry... I’m not ready for this, Sam.
45) 4) dialog: Well, I’m not. I can’t have sex with you.
45) 7) dialog: Yes. It’s Jesus. (beat) I made him a promise. I gave him my word to stop at third. Sam looks repulsed. LATER... ... MAYA, the woman cop, still dressed as a prostitute, s her badge to the Hotel Clerk. He reluctantly slides a sheet of paper to the guys. It’s the girls’ room numbers on it.