1) 0) text: PETE HARRINGTON (40, friendly and responsible) ties ballo to his front porch. A kind-looking MAILMAN approaches. Pete nods.
1) 9) text: Wow. The Mailman nods and strokes Pete’s rolled-up mail. Pete steps inside his front door.
4) 0) text: The couples are lined up in front of the LIMOS as PARENTS take pictures and shout for the kids to “look over here” “smile!” The couples all attempt to look sexy. As Pete takes a few pictures, he notices only one smile coming from the group. The smile belongs to Eli, who has taken a knee in front of Julie.
5) 0) text: The kids are having fun in the back seat. Sam suddenly le over and kisses a surprised Chad. Kayla, in response, snuggles up to Dex, who dives in for raunchy tongue-flailing makeout. Kayla engages for a few seconds then pulls away and laughs nervously. Austin looks at Julie, what's going on here? Julie shrugs In the front seat, Seth is out of his tuxedo and is now sporting stained cargo shorts and a Garbage Pail Kids t- shirt. He zips down the partition.
11) 0) text: An elegant facility lit with stunning landscape lighting. Pete’s car flies like a bucking bronco over a speed bump! The car SCREECHES to a halt and the guys hurry to the doo LOUD HIP-HOP MUSIC PUMPS from inside.
12) 0) text: The ballroom is ALMOST EMPTY - a handful of LESS ATTRACTI PROM-GOERS and a pair of HANDSY CHAPERONES remain. The Chaperones make out while kids watch. Some STRAGGLER dance; others including a BOY WITH HORRIBLE ACNE and a KI A WHEELCHAIR sit alone at tables, no doubt debating the merits of suicide. The guys meet at the front doors.
15) 15) dialog: Hey fellas. What’s up? 42.
15) 17) dialog: Come in. The guys step inside. Ron’s Wife covers herself. Hunter n a hello at her. She smiles shyly and quickly heads upstai
15) 18) dialog: Alright, you got me. Guilty as charged. The kids aren’t here. The guys are stunned.
15) 20) dialog: Just a little prom night role play. Keeping the spark alive. You guys made it an exciting ending. (to Mitchell) Especially you. When we locked eyes as I climaxed? Intense, right!? Mitchell looks sick.
15) 23) dialog: Who wants a glass of pinot? Eli raises a hand.
15) 25) dialog: Hey, had to sell it, right?
15) 27) dialog: Look, the kids just wanted to have some harmless fun without parents bothering them. It’s prom. So don’t bother them, okay?
15) 31) dialog: I don’t know. But they’1ll be back late tonight. Safe and sound. Pete shakes his head and turns to leave with the guys in
15) 32) dialog: Pete, hold up. Pete turns as the guys walk out. Long beat.
15) 33) dialog: What are you so worried about? Austin is a good kid. You know that. And there is no way that Austin is having sex with Julie tonight...
15) 34) dialog: -+. without a condom. I told him how important it is to wear one. Pete heads for the door and spots something on the table. It’s a CONDOM. Pete picks it up and shows Ron.
15) 35) dialog: (remembering) You know, I did mention how much better it feels without one. That's my bad. Pete storms out.
15) 37) dialog: (shouting) There’s no disputing that!
20) 0) text: Austin makes out with Julie. Sam, a bit tipsy, looks over Kayla, then rubs Chad’s thigh. Chad’s eyes, among other things, grow huge. He laughs nervously. Kayla, also tipsy, leans over and rubs Dex’s leg. He slid forward, which moves her hand on his crotch. She quickly removes her hand and he laughs. EXT. TINA’S HOUSE - NIGHT The house is dark. Not a single light is on. Pete’s car p up in front of the house.
44) 0) text: Mitchell steps to the front desk and rings the bell. Noth Impatient, he pounds the bell. A HOTEL CLERK appears from back room and slides the bell away from Mitchell.
47) 0) text: Hunter races down a long hallway. He stops in front of a and bangs on the door. It swings open on its own.