9) 13) dialog: Me, too.
9) 15) dialog: We sent a letter to the address in the ad and asked them to get back to us.
9) 30) dialog: What should I wear? Jeff eyes Arnau and picks up the phone.
13) 0) text: A corner booth at a loud dance club. Darius and Arnau are sandwiched between Jeff and ERIC and JON, two 25 year-old guys who spot each other at the gym and take care to avoi wearing the same Ed Hardy T-shirt when they go out. They listen to Jeff in awe.
15) 0) text: Darius escapes through the front door with a packed trave bag in the groggy, dim pre-morning hour. INT. ARNAU’S HOUSE - MORNING Arnau plays a massively multiplayer online game set in th pirate world. He jams his swarthy pirate into some game glitch that results in the character jittering up and dow repetitively while an endless shower of experience points gold rains down into his cache. Arnau checks his watch, leaves the game on, and takes off
16) 0) text: Darius and Arnau get into Jeff's Acura. 14.
19) 5) dialog: Cocaine? Are you crazy?
19) 8) dialog: Biological and life sciences.
20) 6) dialog: Total including doctorate or just undergraduate?
21) 0) text: Darius, Jeff and Arnau lug their bags into the outdated r Turquoise bed spreads and pink seashell lamps clash with panel wallpaper. Arnau squints at the Zenith TV set.
21) 1) dialog: This is like the TV at my grandmother’s house. Darius drops her bags and looks at the two queen beds.
21) 4) dialog: No. Alright I guess.
22) 3) dialog: No way. He’s too old to be time traveling.
23) 0) text: Darius and Arnau sit on the hood of Jeff's Acura. Both pe through the post office window at the wall of PO boxes.
23) 4) dialog: Wait, what about this one? A HEAVY LADY, 40, waddles to the boxes.
23) 6) dialog: (reading) Wanted: Someone to go back in time with me. This is not a joke. P.O. Box 322, Ocean View, NC 28469. You'll get paid after we get back. Must bring your own weapons. Safety not guaranteed.
23) 11) dialog: You've been here before?
24) 0) text: Darius slumps in the driver’s seat of Jeff's car, window down. Arnau sits cross legged on the sidewalk, playing hi online game on the laptop. Darius sits up.
24) 4) dialog: What are you doing?
24) 6) dialog: What about Jeff? We should call him. Darius doesn’t care. She pulls forward as the Datsun driv away, leaving Arnau behind.
32) 0) text: Jeff drinks at the bar as he eyes the baby-faced COCKTAIL WAITRESS, 21, who serves the one occupied table in this b decorated with glowing palm trees and plastic torches. Arnau plays his on-line game on the laptop while sipping can of soda. Jeff looks over.
32) 2) dialog: I’m just seeing who’s online. Jeff pulls the laptop away. He sees an e-mail alert.
32) 5) dialog: (veading profile) Who's Liz Cleary?
32) 12) dialog: Basically he came here to hook up with a girl he knew when he was in high school.
32) 20) dialog: So, do you go out a lot back home, like clubs and stuff?
32) 22) dialog: You know those really tight leggings girls wear, do you wear -
33) 3) dialog: So, what? That’s it?
33) 8) dialog: Also probably none of the other people were beautiful girls.
33) 10) dialog: What?
36) 19) dialog: Is he coming?
37) 5) dialog: Oh man. Arnau curls into a smaller, frightened ball on the floor.
38) 7) dialog: (wary) I don’t know.
39) 0) text: Darius wakes up to bright daylight filling the room. She out of her bed. Arnau sleeps on the other bed. Jeff is go She rubs her eyes and checks her cell phone. Nothing.
41) 0) text: Jeff sits at the bar with Darius and Arnau and wiggles hi fingers in front of his face while grimacing.
41) 8) dialog: Should we like do a background check on him, or something? Make sure he’s not a murderer.
42) 13) dialog: You should give Liz a chance. That sucks to spend all those years wondering about her and you’re finally here and you don’t go through with it.
42) 15) dialog: That's sad if the love of your youth was just based on what a girl looked like in her bikini. 36.
42) 17) dialog: How do you know she’s still not? Jeff thinks about it. Then looks around.
42) 19) dialog: They're like all sixteen.
42) 22) dialog: Well what?
42) 24) dialog: They're high school girls.
42) 51) dialog: No, that’s not true.
43) 0) text: Jeff and Arnau are escorted out through a gated door in t fence just as Darius is led through at the same time by h own Deputy Sheriff. They all eye each other curiously.
50) 0) text: Darius types on the laptop while Arnau jots down notes.
50) 1) dialog: (to Darius) So then what’d you tell him your reason for going to 2003 is?
50) 3) dialog: Yeah, what’s the story?
50) 7) dialog: What are you doing?
50) 13) dialog: So anyways, for the article we should know what’s wrong with this guy. Like low I.Q., or emotional disorder, or whatever it is.
50) 15) dialog: He thinks he’s going back in time.
50) 17) dialog: What?
50) 24) dialog: What was it about? Darius’ cell RINGS. She looks at the name.
66) 0) text: Jeff scarfs down a mini-box of Raisin Bran across the tab from Darius and Arnau.
66) 2) dialog: What kind of lasers?
66) 5) text: JEFF (cont'd) Arnau, what are the chances he can really do it with these lasers?
66) 6) dialog: How would I know, I’m not a -
68) 2) dialog: Stay back. Don’t scare them.
71) 4) dialog: They look like government agents or something.
72) 0) text: Jeff sips on a milk shake as Arnau types on the laptop on picnic table. Darius’ cell RINGS. She answers. Jeff hovers. She eyes hi and turns away for privacy.
74) 12) dialog: It was like a personal ad.
82) 0) text: Arnau plays his online game on the laptop. Jeff enters wi the most deadly serious look on his face. Arnau meets his gaze, apprehension gripping his soul. Cheap Trick’s “Mighty Wings” ramps up, full force... INT. JEFF’S ACURA - NIGHT The Acura cruises down the road, windows down. Jeff looks over at Arnau, gives him a nod.
83) 0) text: Jeff and Arnau have a drink at the bar. Jeff scans the jo Nothing but sad bar regulars and a 50 year-old COCKTAIL WAITRESS. Jeff downs his drink and gets up, on a mission.
84) 0) text: Jeff exits the Acura. A group of three GIRLS and one SOUT GOTH GUY wave him over from the corner of the storefront. Arnau watches from the car. The most audacious of this group, LINSEY, holds out a twe dollar bill to Jeff and motions toward the liquor store a she politely pleads with him. This group is obviously und 21, how far under we’ll never know. INT. JEFF’S ACURA - NIGHT Arnau is squeezed in the back seat next to a DECENT GIRL, FRIEND, and the Goth Guy. In the front seat, Linsey chugs Hard Lemonade. Jeff looks over at her, widens his eyes an lowers her bottle down out of view from the outside. Linsey laughs and playfully swats his hand away. 74.
85) 0) text: Jeff, Arnau and their new friends on the beach with burnt fireworks and empty bottles. Linsey chases Jeff with a sparkler while the Goth Guy shoots bottle rockets at Arna and the other two chicks, who run for cover.
86) 0) text: On a quiet, remote street, the Acura does donuts. INT. JEFF’S ACURA - CONTINUOUS Arnau braces in the backseat, girls falling all over him. Jeff looks back from the front and screams euphorically.
88) 0) text: Arnau gets a Nestea from a soda machine. Jeff approaches.
88) 1) dialog: They still in there?
88) 3) dialog: Nah. You go.
88) 5) dialog: I don’t think so.
88) 7) dialog: No, I’m not gay.
88) 9) dialog: Come on, just leave me alone.
88) 11) dialog: Whatever, you act like it’s so easy.
88) 13) dialog: Yeah. It is for you. And people that look like you.
88) 15) dialog: No, you don’t! You wouldn’t do anything either if you were me and you know it. Do you want to see me get embarrassed? grabs Arnau forcefully.
88) 17) dialog: What are you doing, man? Let go.
88) 20) dialog: I’m sorry. 76.
91) 44) dialog: Where are we?
91) 77) dialog: Hey! Check this out. It’s open. Darius looks over to the shed. The chains on the doors da freely, their locks hanging open. INT. KENNETH’S HOUSE - SHED - MOMENTS LATER Darius opens the doors, Jeff and Arnau behind her. They enter the shed, lit by sunlight filtering in through spaces between the roof and walls. It’s mostly empty. The cement floor is largely clean and bare except ina distinct pattern around the edges, suggesting something t size of a small RV recently rested here. Dozens of tools litter the floor’s edges, along with piec of tubing, pipe, gaskets, gears and circuit boards. All eyes are drawn to the walls of the shed, however. The are covered with DETAILED SCHEMATICS OF THE TIME MACHINE. From the drawing we get the sense of an airboat heavily modified with extra propeller engines and intricate machinery. It’s impressive. It looks like the real deal. 87.
91) 78) dialog: Whoa, awesome.
91) 80) dialog: You don’t think he really - ?
92) 0) text: Darius hurries down the hill to the base of the tree at t edge of the lake. She reaches her arm into the hollow of tree and removes the ammunition tin. She sits down on the hill with the tin on her knees as Je and Arnau approach. She opens it. There’s a note inside. Her fingers almost tremble as she reads.
92) 1) dialog: What is it? Then we hear the rumbling ROAR of engines in the distance It’s the sound of raw combustion engine mixed with the smooth, high pitched purring of electric motors. Darius stands, drops the note and follows the sound to th edge of the lake. The source quickly becomes visible. It’s incredible. A crazy, modified airboat with four propellers, multiple engines, and all kinds of tubes and cords and unidentifia parts fixed together create an intimidating piece of machinery floating in the water next to a narrow dock.
93) 0) text: Kenneth’s despondent face is turned down in the backseat the Sedan. He makes eye contact with Darius one last time as Jones a Smith drive him away. As the car disappears, Arnau looks at the note from Kenne still in his hand. It reads: MISSION ACCOMPLISHED.
98) 8) dialog: Hey, we’re cutting out early, but congrats.