9) 1) text: So the lesbian band story is in for next month. JEFF SCHWENSEN, 29, has a slight Jersey accent and looks he could be in a shirtless men’s razor commercial.
9) 2) dialog: Wasn’t one of the interns in one of those female bands? Who was that? Jeff looks around and stops his eyes on Darius in the bac the room. She doesn’t like being put on the spot.
9) 3) dialog: It was you, right?
9) 7) dialog: What about the time traveler ad? A blown-up CLASSIFIED AD comes up on the Powerpoint scree Darius is immediately intrigued by the words that appear. WANTED: Someone to go back in time with me. This is not a joke. P.O. Box 322, Ocean View, NC 28469. You'll get paid after we get back. Must bring your own weapons. Safety no guaranteed. Some LAUGHS around the room.
9) 8) dialog: So this is an ad someone e-mailed in, taken from the classifieds of a newspaper. I’m thinking kind of a funny piece about it, maybe a tongue-in-cheek investigation. (MORE )
9) 9) text: JEFF (cont'd) Who put it up? Is it real, a prank? Come up with theories and whatnot.
9) 11) dialog: Can I get a couple interns for research? Darius’ eyes open. This is her chance to escape Bridgette
9) 14) dialog: Done. INT. FACSIMILE - JEFF’S OFFICE - LATER A small office. Darius and Arnau sit across a desk from a distracted Jeff, who eyes Bridgette through a window.
9) 17) dialog: I fucked Bridgette.
9) 22) dialog: We gotta get outta here. Go to Ocean View.
9) 24) dialog: You don’t want to go?
9) 26) dialog: What? No. What’s Christ, the shit rather stay here wrong with you? you say. You’d and change the toilet paper? The phone RINGS.
9) 27) dialog: We'll talk about you going to the birthday? it tonight. Are thing? For Marty's
9) 29) dialog: Now you are. See you then.
13) 0) text: A corner booth at a loud dance club. Darius and Arnau are sandwiched between Jeff and ERIC and JON, two 25 year-old guys who spot each other at the gym and take care to avoi wearing the same Ed Hardy T-shirt when they go out. They listen to Jeff in awe.
13) 1) dialog: Dude, it was fucking insane. I knew from her friend that she had herpes but I wasn’t supposed to know, her friend swore me not to say she told me, so I was in the fucking room with this girl all night trying to make up reasons why I didn’t want to fuck her.
13) 3) dialog: She was fucking naked and looked super hot. It was a fucking quandary.
13) 5) dialog: I was saying all this shit like I didn’t want to rush into anything and get hurt. Meanwhile she’s like, “I want you to fuck my ass.” And I'm like, you're the kind of girl I might fall in love with, let’s take it slow. The two dudes laugh hard. Darius observes like she’s on a disgusting safari.
13) 7) dialog: Hold on, I’m gonna get a drink. Talk to my buddy, Eric. Eric eyes Darius aggressively as he shouts to Jeff.
14) 6) dialog: What? Alright. Get ready for a ten hour drive to Ocean View tomorrow. Darius sits up and leans forward.
14) 8) dialog: You're just hitting me up now cause I’m drunk.
14) 10) dialog: We'll see what you write. If it’s good I can get you in the by line. Darius lights up a bit and stands up.
16) 0) text: Darius and Arnau get into Jeff's Acura. 14.
17) 0) text: Bridgette approaches Jeff's office with two cups of coffe hand. She slows as she passes, sees it empty through the glass, then keeps walking.
18) 0) text: Jeff's car cruises the interstate in a dense, urban area.
19) 1) dialog: We're budgeted for two rooms, but if we all share one we can use the extra money for other shit.
19) 3) dialog: Exactly. Arnau fidgets. Jeff eyes him in the rear-view.
19) 4) dialog: Arnau. Easy. We’re just fucking around. We can spend it on buffets and shit. You never do coke or anything when you’re studying for a test?
19) 7) dialog: What are you studying?
19) 9) dialog: What the fuck are you interning at a magazine for?
19) 11) dialog: Alright we need to get you laid on this vacation is what needs to happen.
19) 13) dialog: Work trip, whatever. INT. JEFF’S ACURA - LATE AFTERNOON Darius looks out the window as Jeff drives, sun
20) 0) text: A crusty motel that hasn't been remodeled since 70's. The Acura pulls into the parking lot. The roads, nobody gasps of the cold and too the early three exit. Jeff walks to a porch that looks out on the ocean. The sk smeared and overcast. A chilling wind blows off water. Darius appears behind him, wrapped up in
20) 2) dialog: It’s got a bite, don’t it?
20) 4) dialog: Now it’s all just one long school year. No end and no start. Except for this guy. Arnau joins them.
20) 5) dialog: How many more years of school you got left, Arnau?
20) 7) dialog: Aw, forget it.
21) 0) text: Darius, Jeff and Arnau lug their bags into the outdated r Turquoise bed spreads and pink seashell lamps clash with panel wallpaper. Arnau squints at the Zenith TV set.
21) 3) dialog: Interns in one. Me in the other.
21) 5) dialog: Fine. Me and Darius. Darius shoots him daggers.
21) 6) dialog: Fine. Get ready, Arnau, I cuddle. 17. Jeff tosses his duffel bag on the bed.
21) 7) dialog: Tomorrow morning we jam it at the post office. Hopefully this guy checks his PO box every day.
23) 0) text: Darius and Arnau sit on the hood of Jeff's Acura. Both pe through the post office window at the wall of PO boxes.
23) 7) dialog: There are no Starbucks here yet. Crazy. They turn their heads as Jeff approaches with plain white cups of coffee and passes them out. Jeff waits one beat.
23) 8) dialog: God this is boring as shit.
23) 10) dialog: I’m gonna walk over to the water. There’s a pier me and my family used to go to.
23) 12) dialog: We used to rent a house in Isle Point every summer when I was a kid. It’s not far from here. I got my cell on me. Jeff walks off.
24) 0) text: Darius slumps in the driver’s seat of Jeff's car, window down. Arnau sits cross legged on the sidewalk, playing hi online game on the laptop. Darius sits up.
26) 0) text: A two level office building that’s seen better days surrounded by a low perimeter wall. The Datsun slowly drives through a field on the other sid the wall. The Datsun stops. INT. JEFF’S ACURA - SAME Darius stops the Acura on the side of the road and squint across the field at the Datsun.
32) 0) text: Jeff drinks at the bar as he eyes the baby-faced COCKTAIL WAITRESS, 21, who serves the one occupied table in this b decorated with glowing palm trees and plastic torches. Arnau plays his on-line game on the laptop while sipping can of soda. Jeff looks over.
32) 1) dialog: Are you kidding me with this? You said you needed to check your e- mail. And order a beer for God’s sake.
32) 3) dialog: Wait a minute. Jeff checks his e-mail. He clicks on a message that direc him to Facebook.com. 22.
32) 4) dialog: Alllright. She accepted my friend request and she still lives here.
32) 6) dialog: She was like the local chick I used to hang out with when my family came here. Summer lovin’. Fuck she was so tan and hot. And her hair was always bleached white from the sun. Man, if there’s one girl I always wondered about it’s her. Darius approaches from behind.
32) 8) dialog: Well there she is. Went all rogue, huh? What’d you get?
32) 10) dialog: Nice. Good job. Tomorrow I’1l go in undercover, pretend to answer his ad, get the scoop on this yo-yo.
32) 15) dialog: I would be weirded out if some guy tracked you down too. Just knowing there’s a guy out there who would do that for you. Jeff sips his rum and cola.
32) 16) dialog: (defensive) And it wasn’t twenty years. It was like thirteen. EXT. KENNETH’S HOUSE - DAY The Acura stops in front of a small house that must’ve on had great landscaping, which is now all dead and dried. INT. JEFF’S ACURA - SAME Darius has an open phone book on her lap. She reads the h number on the mailbox.
32) 19) dialog: You did good last night but let’s let me handle this. I don’t want to overwhelm the guy. Jeff gets out and heads across the street. Darius and Arn watch through the windows.
32) 26) dialog: Kenneth Calloway? Kenneth sizes Jeff up.
32) 28) dialog: Hello. Uh, yeah. A little.
32) 30) dialog: Oh, that sucks. But yeah, so I’m here cause I saw your ad in the paper, about needing a partner.
32) 32) dialog: The credit header?
32) 35) dialog: Yeah, me too. I didn’t know that’s what they were called.
32) 37) dialog: So then the position is still open?
32) 39) dialog: My mission?
32) 41) dialog: Well, who wouldn’t want to? I mean, it’s an amazing opportunity. (Kenneth waits for more) You know...see dinosaurs with my own eyes? Um, watch the gladiators?
32) 43) dialog: No, I’m not making fun of you.
32) 45) dialog: I’ve got guts.
32) 47) dialog: I live inside fear and danger. 26.
32) 49) dialog: For you?
33) 2) dialog: He’s the real deal. That ad is no prank. He’s like, he’s not retarded but there’s something wrong with him. Definitely did not like me.
33) 4) dialog: Oh no, this just got good.
33) 7) dialog: You gotta be sincere and charm him. He’s used to assholes coming to make fun of him. 27.
33) 9) dialog: Easy, Arnau.
33) 11) dialog: But use that too. There’s something off about him. You gotta go really slow, like you're trapping a skittish animal or something. Feel him out. Lure him. Girls know how to do that shit. Pretend he’s the guy all your friends want to fuck and you’re gonna be the one that gets to because you act like you don’t care.
33) 13) dialog: Then the story’s even better.
36) 17) dialog: (scared) What’s going on?
36) 20) dialog: What the fuck is going on! Darius spots the Datsun ahead of her. It flashes its brig twice before pulling away.
37) 0) text: The Acura follows the Datsun through the streets in the e of Wilmington past strip malls and closed water parks. INT. JEFF’S ACURA - NIGHT Jeff laughs in the back.
37) 1) dialog: If this guy’s a predator taking you to a sex bunker he’s gonna freak when me and Arnau come falling out of here like some clown car. The brake lights ahead of them FLASH RED as Kenneth stops an alley behind a supermarket. He gets out of the car and walks toward the Acura, now also stopped. Darius tenses.
37) 3) dialog: What’s going on out there?
37) 6) dialog: Don’t let him see us. We'll blow it all!
38) 5) dialog: Where the fuck are we?
38) 8) dialog: Yeah, fuck that.
39) 0) text: Darius wakes up to bright daylight filling the room. She out of her bed. Arnau sleeps on the other bed. Jeff is go She rubs her eyes and checks her cell phone. Nothing.
40) 0) text: Jeff enters a salon where a half dozen STYLISTS do their thing. A MAN and WOMAN occupy the RECEPTIONIST so Jeff dr back against the far wall and surveys the interior. His hopeful eyes settle on a thin BLOND, who turns around reveals her face. Not her. Jeff scans the other stylists. finally focuses on a wood cutting of the name LIZ in one stylists’ area. He studies the woman cutting hair there. LIZ CLEARY, 30, is more than a little on the heavy side, brown hair, pale skin and generally does not match Jeff's description of a sun-kissed beach blond hottie. Jeff stares at her, the brightness fading from his eyes. He turns and exits the salon. 33.
41) 0) text: Jeff sits at the bar with Darius and Arnau and wiggles hi fingers in front of his face while grimacing.
41) 1) dialog: She was, she was big, and like...
41) 3) dialog: Let’s just say the years have not been kind. They pretty much took a shit all over her.
41) 5) dialog: Did dude call yet?
41) 7) dialog: Don’t sweat it. He’ll call. Your weird mojo clicked with his weird mojo and you got him in the bag.
41) 11) dialog: What girl? INT. KENNETH’S HOUSE - DAY Over Kenneth’s shoulder we see his computer screen. 34. ON SCREEN: Darius’ MySpace profile. We see as he scrolls: --Darius has 0 friends. --Under “Here For”: Quantifying my self worth by the qual of total strangers who hit on me here. --CLICKS on “Photos”: Various photos of Darius doing pris poses, flashing fake gold teeth, and throwing up gang sig on a bed covered with one dollar bills. Kenneth leans more into frame and we hear TYPING. ON SCREEN: A Google search. Darius Britt. Various version the same article appear. The gist of all of them: Ridgewo Woman Murdered...survived by husband Phillip Britt and daughter Darius Britt. Kenneth’s arm comes into frame, holding a cell to his ear
42) 12) dialog: God, I remember that smell. The smell of grass, you know? And the sound of the drums.
42) 14) dialog: All that time I was wondering About her she didn’t look like a female butcher.
42) 16) dialog: Naw, it’s not like that. It wasn’t her looks. She had the hottest southern accent. And she was so, I don’t know, warm. I don’t know how to describe it.
42) 18) dialog: Dude, there’s a ton of hot chicks. Arnau looks. There are.
42) 20) dialog: You should fucking put the moves on these chicks. An uptight MOM in the row in front of Jeff frowns.
42) 21) dialog: Well?
42) 23) dialog: I'll go see Liz again if you start talking to that chick right there.
42) 25) dialog: Yeah, and you're a college guy. Who do you think high school girls fuck? They get an angry head turn from Mom.
42) 39) dialog: What?
42) 41) dialog: What’s the problem?
42) 43) dialog: It’s a football game.
42) 50) dialog: Don’t worry, he’s still gonna fuck your daughter. The Deputy WHIPS his red face around. Arnau shakes his he apologetically to the Mom and Deputy. 39.
43) 0) text: Jeff and Arnau are escorted out through a gated door in t fence just as Darius is led through at the same time by h own Deputy Sheriff. They all eye each other curiously.
44) 19) dialog: Hello, Liz.
44) 21) dialog: I’m sorry about yesterday. I’m here on work and something came up, I just couldn’t make it.
45) 1) dialog: This is the best smelling house I've ever been inside.
45) 3) dialog: Like Chinese food.
45) 5) dialog: Special? Easy now. Jeff winces and rubs his neck.
45) 8) dialog: I’m sharing a bed with my intern. I sleep like a stiff corpse, trying not to rub ass with the guy.
45) 10) dialog: Wow, you made them? Like with flour and that roller thing?
47) 0) text: Liz has a heating pad wrapped around Jeff's neck as she r the trouble spot. A half eaten pie rests on the table.
47) 1) dialog: You bake pies like this and you’re not married? What’s going on there?
47) 3) dialog: What happened?
47) 5) dialog: Ohh, cookies, too? 47.
47) 7) dialog: What a dick.
47) 9) dialog: (nearly cooing) I want to eat that homemade dinner.
50) 5) dialog: There he is. Jeff slaps Arnau’s back.
50) 6) dialog: Arnau, the man.
50) 8) dialog: Whatever I’m doing, I’m feeling fucking fantastic doing it.
50) 10) dialog: No we didn’t. We shared nice conversation. And she’s not that fat. (MORE )
50) 11) text: JEFF (cont'd) A girl's beauty is, it’s in the eyes, you know? And that never goes away. Darius does the jack-off motion.
50) 19) dialog: So you think it’s normal?
50) 21) dialog: I’m better at running things. Leading. I’m not good with like words and shit and making sentences sound good. 52.
50) 23) dialog: I never thought of myself as a writer. I got the job off of something I wrote in college, but it took me all fucking year to write that thing. And it only turned out so good because it was about the one thing I could get into and really write well about. It’s funny how you can do one thing and you just become that guy. Your whole life gets defined by it. And it was just like an accident in the first place.
66) 0) text: Jeff scarfs down a mini-box of Raisin Bran across the tab from Darius and Arnau.
66) 1) dialog: Fucking lasers?
66) 4) dialog: This guy’s awesome. He’s over there right now really thinking he’s building a damn time machine. (MORE )
66) 5) text: JEFF (cont'd) Arnau, what are the chances he can really do it with these lasers?
66) 8) dialog: Storm Troopers don’t know shit about lasers or time travel, they're fucking blue collar workers. (mouth full) I gotta go see this shit. EXT. KENNETH’S SHED - DAY Darius, Jeff and Arnau sneak to the locked shed next to t house. Jeff tries to climb up the shed wall to peer in through the crack between the roof and wall.
66) 10) dialog: I can’t see down far enough. Jeff drops back down to the ground.
66) 11) dialog: What are you building in there, Kenny? Arnau, on look-out, frantically combines as many warning gestures as his mind holds: throat slash, incomplete pass thumbs down, etc. Jeff and Darius crouch and hold their breath as KENNETH emerges from the shed and locks the many locks behind him He carries a large box to his car and loads it into the t
66) 12) dialog: Shit. Get the fuck outta here. A SUNGLASSED MAN in dark slacks and jacket appears from t trees beyond Kenneth’s house and runs across the street. gets into a black sedan parked around the corner.
66) 13) dialog: Who's this asshole? 59. Kenneth’s Datsun drives away. The black sedan slowly pull out onto the main street and follows his car.
67) 0) text: Kenneth’s Datsun turns right onto a residential street. Moments later the Sedan does the same. Next comes the Acura, Jeff behind the wheel. INT. KENNETH’S DATSUN - DAY Kenneth checks his rear-view mirror and sees the Sedan a distance behind him. He makes another turn.
68) 3) dialog: This is fucking intense.
69) 4) dialog: Shit, they’re on to us.
71) 2) dialog: Don’t let him see you! INT. KENNETH’S DATSUN - DAY Kenneth looks into the Acura as he steers around it and o the main street. All he sees is Arnau, frozen like a deer the backseat, staring back. The front looks completely em Kenneth, confused, speeds away. 61. INT. JEFF’S ACURA - DAY Arnau exchanges the same confused looks with Smith and Jo who slowly drive past before speeding away.
71) 6) dialog: (laughing) Holy shit is this guy for real?
72) 0) text: Jeff sips on a milk shake as Arnau types on the laptop on picnic table. Darius’ cell RINGS. She answers. Jeff hovers. She eyes hi and turns away for privacy.
74) 4) dialog: Look at you.
74) 6) dialog: Are you in love with this guy?
74) 8) dialog: You're getting all worked up about this whole thing. What’s been going on with you two when you’re off alone?
74) 10) dialog: Maybe that was his plan the whole time. Whoever answered that ad would have to be his soulmate.
74) 13) dialog: E-harmony for lunatics.
74) 15) dialog: Oooh, for a picnic?
78) 4) dialog: Ah, she'll be fine. There’s still leftover pie, right? 65. Liz brings him an icy bottle of beer.
78) 6) dialog: Yeah, see. Nothing bad happened to us. We got to go wake boarding, had a good time.
78) 8) dialog: Oh yeah, he never did mail those to us like he said he would, did he?
78) 10) dialog: It worked out, right? Fair trade. I’m sure he got some pleasure out of those photos.
78) 12) dialog: How did I not even think that was weird at the time? Liz falls down into his lap playfully.
78) 14) dialog: Well of course he did. I was ripped back then.
78) 16) dialog: Yeah, well feel me now. Liz rolls her eyes. Jeff kisses her.
80) 0) text: Jeff collapses onto Liz’s full cleavage in the aftermath heated, partially clothed spontaneous sex on her couch.
80) 1) dialog: Oh my God. That’s the best I’ve ever had. I’m not lying. Liz giggles.
80) 3) dialog: I’m so serious. Jeff props himself up and gazes at her, his brain loaded food and sex pleasure chemicals.
80) 4) dialog: You don’t now how long I’ve been thinking about this right here. Ever since I used to come down here in the summers I never met a girl like you. You’ve been this character in my head like from an old fairy tale. Like you were the last of a kind that doesn’t exist anymore.
80) 6) dialog: No, I’m so serious, I wrote a story about you. Like how love never feels as good as the first one, and you can’t ever get that high again.
80) 8) dialog: I want you to come to New York. 69.
80) 10) dialog: I want to figure this out, make it happen.
80) 12) dialog: I'm completely sincere about this, Liz.
80) 14) dialog: Come on, don’t you feel this?
80) 16) dialog: So can I.
80) 18) dialog: So no? You’re saying no?
80) 20) dialog: This is un-fucking-believable. I stretched my ass out on the line here and look what I get. Fucking punched in the face. Hey asshole, follow your heart. Listen to your heart. (MORE )
80) 21) text: JEFF (cont'd) Oh, ok, what’s that you say, heart? You just got punked and now you look like a giant dildo.
80) 23) dialog: Goddammit! Jeff punches the air, but tweaks his back muscle, and dou over holding his neck. EXT. LIZ’S HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER Jeff marches away from Liz, fuming. She watches him go wi sympathy from the porch.
82) 0) text: Arnau plays his online game on the laptop. Jeff enters wi the most deadly serious look on his face. Arnau meets his gaze, apprehension gripping his soul. Cheap Trick’s “Mighty Wings” ramps up, full force... INT. JEFF’S ACURA - NIGHT The Acura cruises down the road, windows down. Jeff looks over at Arnau, gives him a nod.
83) 0) text: Jeff and Arnau have a drink at the bar. Jeff scans the jo Nothing but sad bar regulars and a 50 year-old COCKTAIL WAITRESS. Jeff downs his drink and gets up, on a mission.
84) 0) text: Jeff exits the Acura. A group of three GIRLS and one SOUT GOTH GUY wave him over from the corner of the storefront. Arnau watches from the car. The most audacious of this group, LINSEY, holds out a twe dollar bill to Jeff and motions toward the liquor store a she politely pleads with him. This group is obviously und 21, how far under we’ll never know. INT. JEFF’S ACURA - NIGHT Arnau is squeezed in the back seat next to a DECENT GIRL, FRIEND, and the Goth Guy. In the front seat, Linsey chugs Hard Lemonade. Jeff looks over at her, widens his eyes an lowers her bottle down out of view from the outside. Linsey laughs and playfully swats his hand away. 74.
85) 0) text: Jeff, Arnau and their new friends on the beach with burnt fireworks and empty bottles. Linsey chases Jeff with a sparkler while the Goth Guy shoots bottle rockets at Arna and the other two chicks, who run for cover.
86) 0) text: On a quiet, remote street, the Acura does donuts. INT. JEFF’S ACURA - CONTINUOUS Arnau braces in the backseat, girls falling all over him. Jeff looks back from the front and screams euphorically.
87) 0) text: Jeff emerges from the bathroom, passes the two queen beds one with Linsey and another girl passed out on it, the ne with the Goth guy and the Decent Girl on it watching TV.
88) 0) text: Arnau gets a Nestea from a soda machine. Jeff approaches.
88) 2) dialog: Yeah, where’ve you been? That girl’s in there waiting for you.
88) 4) dialog: Dude, this isn’t about me. This is all for you. You better get back in there and handle business.
88) 6) dialog: Wait a minute. Are you gay, Arnau? Cause that I can handle. That I’11 understand. Jeff EXT. Jeff INT. Jeff with 75.
88) 8) dialog: Then what are you doing?
88) 10) dialog: No. It’s all set up perfectly.
88) 12) dialog: It is.
88) 14) dialog: You don’t even know what you’re talking about.
88) 16) dialog: Come here.
88) 21) dialog: Hey, pillow fight! Jeff smacks the Decent Girl with a pillow, then smacks Ar then leaves the pillow with the girl. She immediately pic up the fight, playfully swatting Arnau with it. Jeff looks at the Goth Guy.
88) 22) dialog: Smoke? The Goth Guy nods and follows Jeff to the door. Jeff look back as he exits. The Decent Girl throws her arms around wide-eyed Arnau an begins making out and grinding with him. Satisfied with himself, Jeff closes the door behind them. INT. KENNETH’S DATSUN - DAWN Darius, still snug in the towel, watches Kenneth fight shivers as he drives with the chill wind whipping in thro the broken window.
90) 0) text: Jeff sleeps, sitting upright in a chair placed outside th motel room door as Linsey and her friends slip out behind and silently walk away. A CELL RING. Jeff's eyes pop open. He answers.
90) 1) dialog: Yeah. INT. FACSIMILE - BRIDGETTE’S OFFICE - DAY Bridgette on the office phone.
90) 3) dialog: Jeff checks his watch.
90) 4) dialog: Now? It’s so early.
90) 6) dialog: Yeah.
90) 8) dialog: Yeah, that’s right. Why what’s up?
91) 0) text: Darius walks through a white fog spun by the still mornin She silently passes Linsey and her friends, with pale fac and smudged mascara, moving like ghosts through the mist. Jeff clicks his cell phone shut as Darius approaches.
91) 1) dialog: You’re past curfew.
91) 3) dialog: Hundred percent Arnau. Hey, that girl your boyfriend said he’s going back to save, Belinda?
91) 5) dialog: She is alive and well. Lives a couple hours from here.
91) 7) dialog: I mean she’s alive. Bridgette called her and set an interview with her. I think your dude’s seriously nuts. Darius composes her face and makes busy with her bag.
91) 9) dialog: You sure you got this, kiddo? Darius nods. EXT. BELINDA’S HOUSE - FRONT PORCH - MOMENTS LATER Darius stands on the porch of a suburban home in a lush, colorful neighborhood that contrasts the bleak pre-winter beach areas. The door finally opens. Belinda ST. SING, 30’s, a mom who’s held on to her beauty without going to extremes, smiles.
91) 23) dialog: Look, we're just here doing a story on him. We’re not involved in anything he’s involved with.
91) 31) dialog: Oh yeah? What’d they take?
91) 34) dialog: No. Darius? Darius shakes her head.
91) 38) dialog: What’s that? 82.
91) 40) dialog: Oh, the story. Time travel? I don’t know anymore, actually. He eyes them both.
91) 42) dialog: You sure?
91) 45) dialog: Sex clinic, Romeo. You have a serious problem and need help. EXT. KENNETH’S HOUSE - PORCH - DAY Darius knocks and waits. It’s dark inside the cracked open window. She slides the window up and lifts the screen off its groove. She reache shoulder deep around to the door lock and unlocks it. INT. KENNETH’S HOUSE - DAY Gray shafts of daylight reveal the nest of an organized hoarder. Books and magazines piled neatly, edges squared eating up all of the interior space. Some mechanical devi lies in neat pieces on a blanket on the floor. Darius turns sideways to squeeze through the neat, chest- columns of clutter on her way to the computer in the corn Darius shakes the mouse and the screen saver blinks off. computer’s desktop is as cluttered as the apartment. She clicks on a few of the icons, finds nothing. 83. She turns her attention to stacks of papers on the desk. leafs through journal entries and hand-drawn designs of s component machine parts. Her eyes are drawn to a small pile of photographs on a sh She looks through photos of Kenneth at various ages...unt she stops on one photo in particular. An 8 by 10 we only the back of. This photo makes an impact on her.
91) 58) dialog: Shit. Jeff sits up and opens the car door. INT. KENNETH’S HOUSE - SAME Kenneth paces, concentrating hard.
91) 62) dialog: Darius, fuck! They’re right behind me. Jones and Smith push in right on his heels. 85.
91) 67) dialog: Look, man. We’re trying to write an honest story about you for a magazine. Nobody was trying to make a joke out of you.
91) 76) dialog: So was he really building a time machine or what?
91) 79) dialog: This is fucking fantastic. They look to Darius.
91) 81) dialog: Holy shit, would he already be gone? How would we know?
92) 2) dialog: Holy shit. Kenneth stands on a small deck on the machine. He flips a switch. 88. Behind him a raised chassis on the machine begins spinnin circles so quickly it becomes a dangerous blur of whirlin steel.
92) 15) dialog: What is she doing?
98) 0) text: The tail end of the office party. A banner pinned along t wall reads CONGRATULATIONS DARIUS. Douchey guys surround Jeff, laughing too loud.
98) 1) dialog: Meanwhile she’s like, “I want you to fuck my ass.” And I'm like, “you're the kind of girl I might fall in love with, let’s take it slow.” Jeff notices Darius drift away from the group. She passes COWORKER at a computer.
98) 4) dialog: I had this made up for you. 92. He hands her a glass framed print of her article.
98) 5) dialog: Nice writing, kid. Darius takes the frame, then casts a guilty glance toward parody video on the computer.
98) 7) dialog: I know. Arnau approaches with a short INDIAN GIRL under his arm.
98) 10) dialog: Seriously, great job. I’m proud of you. She smiles. Jeff leaves her. She looks at the framed stor Her POV pans across the article. We see the title.