27) 0) text: The Figure exits the car and stands on his toes to see through a locked fence gate and into the compound. He pic up a clipboard heavy with pages of scrawled notes. This is KENNETH CALLOWAY, 28. Not bad looking at all, but off. His hair, facial expressions, style, everything, just a bit off. A few nuc acid sequences away from being a happy human. 20. He jots down a note, nods with a serious determination th is slightly comical given his odd, mullet haircut, then g back into his car.
28) 0) text: We track behind Kenneth pushing a pallet of detergent thr the lonely aisles of the 24 hour warehouse superstore. Darius appears from behind, discreetly trailing him.
29) 0) text: Kenneth speaks to SHANNON, 63, an aging black man with a weary face, as they stock shelves. Darius pretends to bro nearby as she listens.
29) 1) dialog: The economy isn’t a fixed thing. People think because that’s how it is now then that’s how it’ll always be, but they’re just looking at this narrow band of time when if you look at the big picture the distribution of wealth has been steadily spreading out from aristocratic society to slave economy to industrial and on and on in both directions.
29) 3) dialog: Yeah, okay. It’s just amazing how they can get these people to vote against their economic interests. Like it or not it’s historically headed in one direction, they're just delaying the inevitable. Kenneth continues stocking. Darius walks past and eyeball his name tag as he stretches to reach the high shelf.
32) 27) dialog: You work out?
32) 29) dialog: I haven’t been able to lately. Shoulder.
32) 31) dialog: What’d you do? The credit header trick?
32) 33) dialog: I’ve had like tons of people, four at least, show up at my door. (MORE )
32) 34) text: KENNETH (cont'd) Found my address connected to the PO box on credit headers.
32) 36) dialog: They were all jerks, though.
32) 38) dialog: What’s your mission?
32) 40) dialog: Reason. For going back.
32) 42) dialog: You're just tryin’ to have a laugh at me, like the rest of ‘em. Sending me joke letters, wasting my time.
32) 44) dialog: It takes guts, man. Real guts to do what I need to do.
32) 46) dialog: Can you look fear and danger in the eye? Have you ever?
32) 48) dialog: Get out of here, man! Who do you work for?
32) 50) dialog: It’s not a trick question, jankhole! What do you know about pain and regret? Look at you! Get outta here! Kenneth brushes past Jeff and though the front door, whic SLAMS shut after him. EXT. JEFF’
35) 0) text: Tracking through the aisles behind Kenneth again. We see Darius, casually browsing. She turns her head and makes e contact with Kenneth. Kenneth is a bit thrown off by this young woman. He re- focuses and turns left into another aisle.
36) 0) text: Darius browses in the sporting section. Kenneth tentative appears and makes himself busy rearranging a shelf. Dariu glances over discreetly. Kenneth shyly meets her eyes.
36) 2) dialog: What kind of gun?
36) 3) text: I don’t know, something sexy and affordable with killing power. Kenneth digests these criterium with earnestness.
36) 4) dialog: Hm. You probably want to go to C&R Guns in Wilkins. We only have airsoft and pellet guns.
36) 6) dialog: What exactly is the intended use? Like, hunting? Or pest problem?
36) 8) dialog: My ad?
36) 10) dialog: My calibrations are flippin’ pinpoint, okay? Darius shrugs, not convinced. Kenneth begins pacing, 28. paranoid. He nervously picks up a pink rubber coated dumb and starts distractedly doing curls with one arm.
36) 11) dialog: There’s people after me. How do I know you don’t work for them?
36) 13) dialog: You ever faced certain death?
36) 15) dialog: This is a bad place to be talking. I’m off in like fifteen minutes. Let’s rendezvous. INT. JEFF’S ACURA - NIGHT Jeff sleeps, stretched out in the back seat. Arnau types laptop in the front passenger side. Darius SWINGS open the door and jumps in. Jeff springs aw
38) 0) text: An OVERWEIGHT BOYFRIEND AND GIRLFRIEND watch Kenneth’s panicked run to his car.
38) 11) dialog: It’s too hot here right now. I have a gut feeling you’re not with them but, but I just don’t know. I’m gonna do a background check on you and I‘1l be in touch if everything's good, okay?
38) 13) dialog: Okay. Good-bye, uh, good night. Kenneth hangs up. He leans over and looks at his face in rear view mirror. He pushes his ear back closer to his he and studies himself, positioned so that only that half of head is visible in the mirror. He keeps driving.
42) 1) dialog: Hi. Kenneth puts down a seat pad next to him. Darius sits on
42) 3) dialog: (almost yelling) I hope you don’t mind the noise. It’s a good public place to meet. They won’t be able to hear our conversation.
42) 5) dialog: Can’t say for sure. They’ve been following me, monitoring me since I started this mission. Government agents maybe. Probably. 35.
42) 7) dialog: Oh I’m legit. Darius gives him a dead stare.
42) 8) dialog: Trust me. I didn’t put up that ad just so people would make fun of me. They wouldn’t do that to my face! Darius isn’t threatened by his awkward attempt at rage.
42) 10) dialog: Jerking around is for jerks.
42) 28) dialog: 2003. Does that work for you?
42) 30) dialog: Hold it in your holster for a sec. I’m still making up my mind about you as a potential partner. I have to be completely certain I can trust you before I include you in certain information.
42) 32) dialog: There’s a critical step soon. I need to obtain certain materials to facilitate the travel. I’m planning to execute this within the next week. As far as you’re concerned, this is an evaluation period. I’m not making any promises.
42) 34) dialog: Like I said, certain details will have to wait. Kenneth goes silent, suspiciously eyeing the GUY sitting nearest to them, then gives Darius a poignant look. She n
42) 47) dialog: Okay.
42) 54) dialog: W-w-w-watch it, man.
42) 59) dialog: I'd have really messed them up if I wasn’t trying to keep a low profile. But I’m glad I got to see your qualities. (MORE )
42) 60) text: KENNETH (cont'd) I think you’re ready for the next phase, some basic training. Kenneth spots the Jock approaching with another DEPUTY SH
42) 61) dialog: The heat’s moving in. That’s all for tonight. The Jock points her out to the Deputy Sheriff.
44) 0) text: BLAM! Darius fires a .22 handgun in a remote woodland. A bottle on a fallen tree shatters. Kenneth nods.
44) 1) dialog: Nice. You smoked it. 41. Kenneth pushes PLAY on a cassette deck boom box he’s hung from a branch by its strap. Cheap Trick’s cheesy 80’s anthem “MIGHTY WINGS” plays, as recorded off of the radio two decades ago. Kenneth nods to the music, really finding the elusive zon through its lyrics, then fires his gun at a bottle. The t chips off and he finishes it off with two more shots.
44) 3) dialog: It’s easy to shoot standing still with no pressure. Kenneth runs a few steps, then takes a dramatic stance wi both knees bent, both arms extending his gun out, and FIR
44) 4) dialog: But you have to be able to shoot on the move... Kenneth spins and fires off two more shots.
44) 5) dialog: ..-with the heat flying by... He drops to a knee and FIRES, then pulls out a backup gun
44) 6) dialog: .-.-do what I’m doing. Come on.
44) 8) dialog: Come on! Darius imitates him, but with only a fraction of his effo and intensity.
44) 9) dialog: Smoke it! Come on, smoke it! Darius fires some shots. 42.
44) 10) dialog: They’re closing in. Smoke ‘em.
44) 12) dialog: Yeah! You smoked him.
44) 17) dialog: Run, go! Darius and Kenneth take off into the woods. The Man in Flannel huffs and puffs but just stops, hands on hips. Running side by side, Darius sneaks a sideways peek at Kenneth’s face as he runs. She can’t help but burst out i laughter at the comical severity of his expression as he breathes rapidly in and out through his O-lips. Kenneth tones it down as they slow their clip.
44) 18) dialog: What? She just keeps laughing good-naturedly. Kenneth cracks a smile, too. Soon they’re both laughing hard. EXT. LIZ’S HOUSE - DAY Jeff waits on the porch of a cute little cottage style ho Liz opens the door. 43.
46) 0) text: Darius and Kenneth sip Gatorade while sitting in the shad a wooded hilltop overlooking the parked Datsun.
46) 1) dialog: That was some good training we got in. I got to see you under pressure. I think you're ready for initiation.
46) 3) dialog: I like your intensity. You’re like, no-nonsense.
46) 5) dialog: Exactly. Kenneth nods. She’s speaking his language.
46) 6) dialog: They wouldn’t be making fun of me if they saw us just now. Sometimes I wish I was like a superhero that doesn’t stop crime, but like steps in when someone’s getting made fun of and stops that, you know? Not me, but other people that get made fun of, that aren’t tough like me. 45. Darius looks at Kenneth in a way we don’t recognize from Something changes here. She’s no longer making fun of him
46) 7) dialog: But you’re pretty good with the gun. No, you’re damn good.
46) 9) dialog: I do have to know what you’re going back for, though. Darius looks at him questioningly.
46) 10) dialog: I have a certain responsibility to keep.
46) 12) dialog: How'd she die?
46) 14) dialog: Oh man. Like a random thing?
46) 17) dialog: But it wasn’t your fault.
46) 19) dialog: You're ready. I trust you, Darius. A speck of guilt in Darius’ eyes.
48) 0) text: Darius and Kenneth at a booth in the country kitchen.
48) 1) dialog: It’s important that we don’t abuse the power that will come with our knowledge of the future. No matter how tempting it might be to be the first poster on a message board to “find” all the secrets of the newest video games. Or to say, you know, hey I think that Battlestar Galactica show might really be awesome before anyone else is talking about it.
48) 3) dialog: Absolutely not. We must stick to the plan.
48) 5) dialog: Soon. The action’s getting hungry. Real hungry. 48. Darius spots a KID, 5, at a table licking the sugar bottl
48) 8) dialog: Why?
48) 11) dialog: Oh yeah. It, uh. Kenneth is running out of breath, near panic attack.
48) 13) dialog: Stupid! Forget it, it’s off. Kenneth gets up and storms out of the diner.
49) 2) dialog: I’m sorry. I changed my mind. You're not the right one. 49. Kenneth gets into his car. Darius runs to the window but pulls away. She stops, confused. The car pulls onto the road, begins to speed away, then brakes. It finally stops on the side of the road. Darius watches for a moment, then walks over to the car. Kenneth has his head on the wheel. Darius leans down.
49) 4) dialog: It’s fake.
49) 6) dialog: My ear.
49) 8) dialog: I was born with only one.
49) 10) dialog: They used to make fun of me. All the other kids. My parents could only afford one prosthetic so they waited until I stopped growing.
49) 12) dialog: We can still do this if we just never talk about it again. Please.
52) 0) text: The van comes to a stop in the field behind the medical research facility we saw Kenneth casing earlier.
53) 0) text: Kenneth and Darius.
53) 1) dialog: There’s technology inside this building that I need to complete the machine that will take us on our journey. Kenneth hands her a clipboard of notes. 53.
53) 2) dialog: I'll breach the outer perimeter, disable their security measures, penetrate the target, locate and secure the package, then rendezvous with you at the getaway point. The details are all in these notes. Darius flips through the notes. Page after page of diagra maps, lists, and action drawings of Kenneth fighting guar Kenneth pulls a black mask over his face. He gets out of van. Darius follows him with her eyes as he runs to the w
54) 0) text: Kenneth performs an unnecessary somersault roll to come t stop against the eight foot wall. He rises, jumps up and catches the ledge of the wall.
55) 0) text: The Security Guard sits in a parked car on the inside of walled compound, studying materials for some class that w no doubt lead to a meteoric rise up the socioeconomic lad His study is interrupted by a handgun pointed through the window by Kenneth.
56) 0) text: The Guard unlocks the double-wide back doors on the raise loading dock in the back of the facility while Kenneth kn in a dramatic pose in the shadows, gun on the Guard.
57) 0) text: Kenneth rolls a wheeled cart out of a storage closet, the locks the Guard inside the closet with his own keys.
58) 0) text: Kenneth flies down a long hallway in a panic, looking a b lost as he pushes the cart as fast as he can. He turns a corner wildly and rolls into a large lounge ar where over a dozen EMPLOYEES celebrate a CO-WORKER’S birt with cake and food. Kenneth pulls his cart to a stop. No one notices him. He backs the cart out the way he came, completely unseen. 54.
60) 0) text: Kenneth wheels the cart into a store room and begins load it up with medical devices about the size and shape of ol answering machine phones. They have bases and handpieces connected by a wire. We glimpse wording on the side of one unit: DIODE LASER.
61) 0) text: Employees from the party chat in the hallway as Kenneth wheels his cart around a corner. He stops and the laser devices spill onto the floor. The employees watch him, unsure what to do, as he pulls his m back over his face and scrambles to retrieve the lasers.
63) 0) text: Kenneth wheels the cart out through the back doors onto t loading dock. The curious employees follow him out, still quite sure how to react to this situation. Some try to ta to Kenneth, while ONE GUY is on his cell phone, gesturing if giving play-by-play of what’s going on. Kenneth’s head whips around searching for the getaway. We see a festive sign posted on the door behind him announcing a birthday party for ELLA PARKS tonight. The van jumps and jerks its way close to the loading dock Kenneth wheels the cart to the back, opens the rear doors spills the contents of the cart into the back. He jumps inside the van and shuts the doors. 55. The employees at the back door watch the van pull away, t stall. It starts up, moves another ten yards and stalls again. It starts, JUMPS forward and SPEEDS out of the lot
64) 0) text: The van is parked next to Kenneth’s Datsun in a dry river under a rural highway overpass. Darius watches Kenneth hurriedly transfer the lasers from the van to the Datsun.
64) 2) dialog: Leave it. I stole it from a lot.
64) 4) dialog: No casualties. Darius grips Kenneth’s arm.
64) 6) dialog: Adrenaline from the infiltration. INT. KENNETH’S DATSUN - MOMENTS LATER Kenneth steers around a bend to a dirt path leading up to highway with the headlights off.
64) 7) dialog: No! There’s a night road work crew ahead of them. Bright stan lights illuminate a traffic light in need of repair as a WORKER is raised up in a crane to reach it.
64) 9) dialog: We can’t have any witnesses to connect my car to the van. (MORE )
64) 10) text: KENNETH (cont'd) The people that are after me will be on full alert after tonight. They’1l put the pieces together. Kenneth reaches the verge of another panic attack.
64) 11) dialog: Dangit! Why didn’t I plan for this? This is not good. Not good! Darius puts her hand on his back.
64) 13) dialog: I’m sorry. I’m just so close now.
64) 15) dialog: It’s a girl. Darius looks over at him.
64) 16) dialog: I’m going back for a girl. Belinda St. Sing.
64) 18) dialog: My first girlfriend. Only one I ever wanted to have. We were both twenty-one. Her birthday was the same day in April as mine is in October. She was really, really pretty. When she first started working at the restaurant I didn’t really think about her. But then she was so nice to me. She’d get me food. She’d talk to me while I cleaned up. Everyone else was off getting ready to go out, all her friends. But she’d sit there on the stool and talk to me. 57.
64) 20) dialog: She died. Some jerk, some a-hole jerk in a band who got drunk after his show, crashed his car into her house one night. A night I was supposed to be there but wasn’t. I should’ve been there.
64) 22) dialog: Everyone always says there’s plenty of other girls out there. But it doesn’t work like that. It’s not just about the girl, it’s about a time and a place. You just can’t go find that again. Darius leans back in her seat, sleepy, and somehow so comfortable in this odd place and company.
67) 0) text: Kenneth’s Datsun turns right onto a residential street. Moments later the Sedan does the same. Next comes the Acura, Jeff behind the wheel. INT. KENNETH’S DATSUN - DAY Kenneth checks his rear-view mirror and sees the Sedan a distance behind him. He makes another turn.
69) 0) text: Jones watches Kenneth’s Datsun abruptly turn onto a side
70) 0) text: A LOCAL WOMAN pulls her car to the end of her driveway, braking for the Datsun to drive by. Kenneth reaches the dead end and does a tight U-Turn, kic up dirt and tearing up the corner of someone’s lawn. The local woman slams on her brakes before pulling out, surprised by Kenneth’s quick turnabout.
71) 0) text: Smith guns the sedan around the corner onto the dead end street and swerves to avoid swiping the nose of the local woman’s car. He hits the brakes hard as Kenneth drives pa
73) 0) text: Kenneth paces, cell to his ear.
73) 1) dialog: Hey. The heat got too hot today. They’re all over me. Way too hot.
74) 2) dialog: (on phone) I can’t talk. Just watch your back. Stay low and lay low. (MORE )
74) 3) text: KENNETH (VO) (cont'd) Go to the park, I’1l come get you. It’s almost time. Click. Darius lowers the phone.
75) 0) text: Darius and Kenneth on the outer edge of the vast U-Save l
75) 1) dialog: It’s obvious they see a threat in me possessing this kind of power.
75) 3) dialog: It’s not clear what entity they represent. Their presence here accelerates the plan, though. 63. Kenneth hands Darius a wide shoebox wrapped in a string.
75) 4) dialog: They’1l have one of their guys at every door, but you should be fine. I don’t think they’ve ID’d you yet.
77) 0) text: A STOCKBOY leads Darius into a back storeroom and points the weary old black man, Shannon, who we saw Kenneth talk to at work earlier. Darius approaches.
78) 0) text: Darius walks through the lot. Her face is a bit blank, a overwhelmed. She looks so much softer than when we met he INT. KENNETH’S DATSUN - SAME Darius gets in and just stares at Kenneth, a smile in her eyes, trouble in the rest of her face. Kenneth looks back her, then the road, then her.
78) 1) dialog: What?
79) 0) text: The Datsun parks in a remote wooded area where a small ca area consisting of open, wood framed shelters blends into fall foliage. Darius and Kenneth get out of the car.
79) 1) dialog: The place we’re going is a short walk, maybe five minutes from here. You have to make sure you remember how to get here. Darius strolls along the camp shelters.
79) 3) dialog: Here. Kenneth leads her to one of the shelters where a sleeping lies next to a duffle. Some books are scattered on the wo floor next to a cooler. Kenneth opens the cooler and take local trail map out of it.
79) 5) dialog: Yeah, the Boy Scouts don’t use this place after September so I just kind of set up here, like having a second home to come spend some nights, you know. Clear the head. Darius digs into one of the boxes and pulls out a an old zither, a kind of flat, square guitar that’s laid on your knees when you play it.
79) 6) dialog: There, I drew the location on here so you'll always be able to get there.
79) 8) dialog: I’ve been trying. Belinda really loved music. Back when we were together I always wished I could play her something. My dad had one of these so I’ve been learning some songs for when I see her again. I want to be a better man for her this time.
79) 10) dialog: Oh, nah.
79) 12) dialog: Yeah, you're right. Kenneth takes the zither and sits down, laying it across knees. He begins to play. It’s Van Halen’s When It’s Love but it’s hard to recogniz slowed down. He plays like a savant, technically perfect, even adding notes to fill spaces. Darius watches with wonder. The sound is amazing. Then he begins to SING.
79) 13) dialog: (singing) Everybody's lookin’ for somethin’, somethin’ to fill the holes... His voice isn’t great, but not bad either. He sings softl sincerely. It’s at once ridiculous and beautiful. He wrap
79) 14) dialog: (singing) Oh, oh, oh, when it’s love. His shy eyes can’t even look up at Darius.
79) 15) dialog: So anyway, that’s one of them. I’ve learned like thirty of ‘em.
79) 17) dialog: Yeah?
81) 0) text: Kenneth leads Darius down a hill to an old, large tree on edge of a wide lake. A rope swing with a wood disk at the hangs from a branch that stretches over the water.
81) 1) dialog: Here it is. Kenneth finds a large knot in the tree, reaches his arm u into it, pulling away a small wood covering. He strains u he pulls an old army ammunition tin out of the tree hollo
81) 2) dialog: When we go back in time, if anything bad happens, if anyone gets hurt, you mess up, the people after me catch us, anything bad - come here and put a note inside. I’'1l do the same, then we know what went wrong and we can fix it. Got it? This is very important. Darius nods. Kenneth looks inside the box. It’s empty.
81) 3) dialog: So far so good.
81) 5) dialog: It’s been here since I was a kid. I used to camp back there when I was in the Boy Scouts. (MORE )
81) 6) text: KENNETH (cont'd) Some of the other kids used to make fun of me for bringing my Star Wars figures with me, cause I didn’t want them to be alone back at my house, so they’d take them and throw them into the fire and laugh at me for sleeping with them. This was before my martial arts training, of course. I carved out this hiding spot for them so I could still take them with me and no one would hurt them. I’d just sneak down here at night and take them out, then put them back in the morning.
81) 8) dialog: (snort laughs) I was not as impressive as I am now. Kenneth replaces the box back into the tree. Darius runs finger along the wooden disk at the end of the rope, teth to the trunk by a nail.
81) 9) dialog: Me and my dad made that, too.
81) 11) dialog: Yeah, get on.
81) 13) dialog: Come on, get on. Kenneth unhooks the swing from the nail and holds the dis flat for her.
81) 14) dialog: Come on. I played that song. Darius reluctantly swings her leg around the rope and straddles it, seated on the disk, feet dangling a few fee off the ground while Kenneth holds it in place. 72.
81) 16) dialog: Hold on! Kenneth SPRINTS forward toward the pond, running down the hill, pushing Darius on the swing. Their faces are a few apart, her eyes wide with surprise, his wide with the gle you normally only see in a child’s. Kenneth pushes her to the lake’s edge and lets go. Darius, hands tight on the rope, swings free and far out the water. She swings back over land. Kenneth laughs as he chases he He grabs onto the disk and tucks up his legs as she begin swing back to the lake, now with Kenneth hanging on. The two of them soar over the lake. At the highest point Kenneth lets go and splashes into the water. Darius swings back over the land, half screaming, half laughing. Kenneth motions her into the water with his han
81) 17) dialog: Come on! Jump! Darius makes another pass over him, shaking her head ‘no.
81) 18) dialog: How else are you going to get off? Darius swings over the land, then clenches her eyes shut she flies back over the water. She pushes off. The swing back alone. She plunges into the cold water. She splashes to the surface and swats water at Kenneth, w laughs. To the music, a series of shots: -- Kenneth holding Darius’ hand, helping her out of the water. -- Kenneth giving a soaked Darius the only towel out of t back of the Datsun and helping wrap her up in it. -- Kenneth, shivering cold, gets a fire started in the ca fire pit as night falls. Darius, snug in her towel, laugh he squats down right in the fire, desperate for the warmt 73. -- They sit by the fire. Kenneth lights the wing of a pap airplane and sends it on a fiery flight. Darius takes his head in her hands so softly. He’s paraly Her hands run over his ears. Kenneth’s hand defensively g her wrist to pull it away from his prosthetic, but then h relaxes and lets her arm go. She kisses him.
89) 0) text: Kenneth helps Darius out of the car. She smiles at him. H drops his head shyly. Darius waves good-bye and walks awa Kenneth stares after her.
91) 46) dialog: Darius? What are you doing here? Darius shakes out of the spell and finds Kenneth there.
91) 48) dialog: Everything’s set. I moved the machine to the launch site. Departure is at five PM. Things are pretty hairy, I had to sneak in through the back cause the spooks are all over me. They could be out there right now. Kenneth slyly peers out through the closed blinds.
91) 50) dialog: About what happened last night. I know our working relationship became complicated but we need to re-focus and not let it compromise the mission.
91) 52) dialog: Hah. Simpletons. Let them think that, it works in our favor.
91) 54) dialog: Wait, what? What’s going on here? You're checking up on me?
91) 56) dialog: I knew it. See, this whole mission is getting janked up by you.
91) 59) dialog: No, no, no. Don’t you see? Obviously if she’s alive then I’ve already succeeded in my mission.
91) 61) dialog: The question is why I’m not with her. What does it mean? The front door opens. Jeff spills into the room.
91) 63) dialog: You're with that guy?
91) 65) dialog: You're just like the rest of them? You were making a joke of me?
91) 69) dialog: A magazine story? Kenneth’s face drains. His wide, hurt eyes fall on Darius
91) 70) dialog: You've been pretending? Darius?
91) 74) dialog: You can’t take me now! I’m leaving tonight! 86. Kenneth whips out of their grasp, knocking over towers of folded clothes and magazines, spilling onto the floor a f of junk that Jones and Smith get caught up in, dropping t Kenneth takes one last pained look at Darius and flees ou the back. Jones and Smith scramble to their feet and foll EXT. KENNETH’S HOUSE - BACK YARD - DAY Jones and Smith run into the backyard just in time to see Kenneth vanish into the thick reeds of the wilderness bey his property. They stop, hands on hips. Darius exits the house. She shuts her eyes and holds her hands to her head.
92) 7) dialog: Were you just making a joke of me the whole time?
92) 9) dialog: Get on.
92) 11) dialog: I wasn’t going back for Belinda. I’m going back for you. I have to save your mother. Tears appear in Darius’ eyes, surprising her.
92) 12) dialog: Come with me. Darius looks behind her. Jones and Smith are closing in. and Arnau watch from the shoreline. 89. Kenneth reaches out his hand. Teary-eyed but laughing, she takes it. He pulls her onto the time machine and they share a momen now face to face. Kenneth places her hand on a railing.
92) 13) dialog: Hold on to this. I won’t let you get hurt. Darius nods. He returns to the controls and pushes the throttle. Lights glow and machinery spins as the noise accelerates.
93) 0) text: Kenneth’s despondent face is turned down in the backseat the Sedan. He makes eye contact with Darius one last time as Jones a Smith drive him away. As the car disappears, Arnau looks at the note from Kenne still in his hand. It reads: MISSION ACCOMPLISHED.