40) 0) text: Jeff enters a salon where a half dozen STYLISTS do their thing. A MAN and WOMAN occupy the RECEPTIONIST so Jeff dr back against the far wall and surveys the interior. His hopeful eyes settle on a thin BLOND, who turns around reveals her face. Not her. Jeff scans the other stylists. finally focuses on a wood cutting of the name LIZ in one stylists’ area. He studies the woman cutting hair there. LIZ CLEARY, 30, is more than a little on the heavy side, brown hair, pale skin and generally does not match Jeff's description of a sun-kissed beach blond hottie. Jeff stares at her, the brightness fading from his eyes. He turns and exits the salon. 33.
44) 20) dialog: Jeff! Oh my goodness! Look at you. Come here! She's all sweet southern goodness, like a hot cotton T-sh right out of the dryer. She hugs him fondly, looks him ov
44) 22) dialog: I was so sad when you didn’t come after you got me thinking about you on that Facebook. Isn’t Facebook just the craziest thing? Come in, get in here.
45) 0) text: Liz draws him into the house.
45) 2) dialog: Well what do the houses in New York smell like?
45) 4) dialog: I just have to get on the computer and read this magazine of yours. That’s so exciting, I always knew you were going to do something special with your life.
45) 6) dialog: What’s wrong with your neck, honey?
45) 9) dialog: You need heat on that...Oh! I have pies in the oven.
45) 11) dialog: I made a peach, apple and strawberry rhubarb. Which kind do you want?
47) 0) text: Liz has a heating pad wrapped around Jeff's neck as she r the trouble spot. A half eaten pie rests on the table.
47) 2) dialog: I was married. Married this boy when I was twenty and that didn’t work out.
47) 4) dialog: He was a ball player, so I followed him around everywhere his team went, he was in the minor leagues for four years. I was the good little wife, working to support the both of us, baking cookies for the team. Jeff takes a bite of pie, neck wrapped in heating pad, Li massaging his shoulder. He’s on a cloud.
47) 6) dialog: But as soon as Cameron got called up to the Marlins and started making money he started running around with those Miami girls and that was that. I came back here.
47) 8) dialog: Well, we were both young. It happens. Hey, do you have a free night while you're here? I want to make you a homemade dinner.
78) 3) dialog: It sounds dangerous. Her running around with this guy and these other men following him around.
78) 5) dialog: Do you remember when you talked me into going on that boat with that strange man?
78) 7) dialog: He spent all day taking photographs of me in my bathing suit!
78) 9) dialog: No! He was probably a sexual predator and you threw me right to him so you could waterski.
78) 11) dialog: He took hundreds!
78) 13) dialog: He took a lot of you so he might’ve been getting pleasure out of those ones, too.
78) 15) dialog: Oh you were not. You were scrawny. Jeff forces her hand onto his chest. 66.
80) 0) text: Jeff collapses onto Liz’s full cleavage in the aftermath heated, partially clothed spontaneous sex on her couch.
80) 2) dialog: That’s what you said about the fried chicken.
80) 5) dialog: (laughing) What are you talking about?
80) 7) dialog: You’re so cute.
80) 9) dialog: What!
80) 11) dialog: Jeff, Jeff, Jeff. You’re not in your right mind right now.
80) 13) dialog: Jeff. As soon as you drive out of this place you’re not going to want me there anymore.
80) 15) dialog: It’s a fantasy. This is fantasy time. I’m dating a real solid man right now. He works at the post office, he grew up here. This isn’t a fantasy world for him. He can take care of me.
80) 17) dialog: Jeff, I’ve been through that before. I’m too old to take those chances again. Jeff stands up, now becoming angry.
80) 19) dialog: I’m sorry.
80) 22) dialog: Jeff, I think you’re acting a little crazy about this.