17) 1) dialog: For the present, the work to which we are all equally bound, is to arrive at a reasoned tranquillity... INT. THE KING’S STUDY, SANDRINGHAM ESTATE - CONTINUOUS The King’s study, which resembles an orderly naval captai cabin, except for a desk littered with stamp albums, has converted into an ad hoc broadcasting studio. KING GEORGE is a barrel-chested man with Naval beard and uniform. He is giving his Christmas address via the radio. KING GEORGE V (CONT’D) .--within our borders, to regain prosperity in this time of depression without self-seeking and to carry with us those whom the burden of past years has disheartened or overborne. To all, to each, I wish a Happy Christmas. God bless you. The red light next to him goes out, indicating the broadc is complete. Robert Wood, the BBC technician from Wembley stands by as well as an official photographer. King George V looks at Bertie, who is standing next to hi KING GEORGE V (CONT’D) Easy when you know how.
17) 3) dialog: (to Bertie) Have a go yourself.
17) 5) dialog: Ah, Mr Wood. Splendid fellow. Chap taught me everything I know: let the microphone do the work.
17) 7) dialog: Thank you. Wood and the photographer take that as their cue to leave KING GEORGE V (CONT’D) Sit up, straight back, face boldly up to the bloody thing and stare it square in the eye, as you would any decent Englishman. Show who’s in command. Bertie regards the BBC microphone as though it were an al creature.
17) 9) dialog: This devilish device will change everything if you won’t. In the past all a King had to do was look respectable in uniform and not fall off his horse. Now we must invade people’s homes and ingratiate ourselves with them. This family is reduced to those lowest, basest of all creatures...we’ve become...actors!
17) 11) dialog: The most successful institution in history. Our cousins wear crowns throughout Europe. A dozen of them! Sitting on thrones is our business! Yet any moment some of us may be out of work. Your darling brother... The only wife he appears interested in is invariably the wife of another!
17) 13) dialog: And taken up a Mrs Simpson, a woman with two husbands living! Had the audacity to present her to me at Georgie’s wedding. I told him straight no divorced person could ever be received at court. He said she made him sublimely happy. I imagined that was because she was sleeping with him. “I give you my word we've never had immoral relations,” he replied. Stared square into his father’s eyes... and lied. Bertie groans. KING GEORGE V (CONT’D) When I’m dead that boy will ruin himself, this family, and this nation, within twelve months. Who’1l pick up the pieces? Herr Hitler, intimidating half of Europe, Marshall Stalin the other half? Who’ll stand between us, the jackboots, and the proletarian abyss? You? With your older brother shirking his duties, you’re going to have to do a lot more of this. (nodding towards the microphone) Have a go yourself. Bertie tries to read the King’s speech.
17) 15) dialog: Get it out boy!
17) 17) dialog: Modern - just take your time - form your words carefully
17) 19) dialog: Relax! (off Bertie’s continued inability) Just try it! 29
17) 21) dialog: (all patience lost) Do it! INT. BERTIE’S STUDY, YORK HOUSE - NEW NIGHT Bertie lies on a chaise longue, smoking.
20) 9) dialog: I’m still confused...
20) 11) dialog: Thank you. 37 Lord Dawson holds the pen as the King makes his ‘mark’.
20) 13) dialog: No. I’m not feeling any better. I feel dreadful. Queen Mary enters. KING GEORGE V (CONT’D) Have you been skating?