22) 0) text: Bateman cruises around in the limo. It pulls up alongside CHRISTIE, a pretty blonde hooker in shorts and leather ja Bateman opens his window to speak to her.
22) 2) dialog: You just haven't been looking.
22) 4) dialog: (looking away to some dark corner)  I'm not supposed to. Bateman is holding out a $100 bill, which Christie now  notices, then takes.
22) 6) dialog: I'm not supposed to.  (She pockets the bill)  But I can make an exception.
23) 0) text: Christie is in the bathtub, Bateman is pouring in white  milky bath oil.
23) 9) dialog: No.
23) 12) dialog: You have a really nice place here...Paul.  How much did you pay for it?
33) 0) text: The same street corner where Bateman found Christie befor The limo is kept idling as he talks to her through a  half-opened window.
33) 1) dialog: I'm not so sure about this. I had to go to Emergency afte last time...
33) 3) dialog: I don't think so. He hands her a $500 bill.
33) 6) dialog: Alright. He pours her a shot of vodka and makes her drink it.
33) 8) dialog: (A little confused)  Well, I actually might need a little surgery after last t
33) 10) dialog: My friend told me I should maybe even get a  lawyer.
34) 0) text: The living room: ELIZABETH has kicked off her shoes and f down on the couch underneath the Baselitz. Elizabeth is a attractive, dark-haired society girl who models occasiona Christie is sitting on the couch opposite her, pretending examine a CD.
34) 6) dialog: This is nicer than your other apartment.
34) 8) dialog: Where did you two meet?
34) 17) dialog: No.
35) 0) text: AN OUT-OF-FOCUS HOME VIDEO SHOT of Elizabeth, Christie an Bateman in the throes of sex, in the master bedroom. CUT BACK TO WIDE SHOT of the bedroom, partially blocked b the video camera in the foreground. Their bodies are an  incoherent tangle of arms and legs. The only sounds are  moans, heavy breathing and the slapping of flesh against  flesh. CLOSE ON Christie's head and shoulders. Her eyes a shut as she grimly concentrates on giving a good professi performance, turning her head every so often to check the progress of her partners. OFFSCREEN WE HEAR Elizabeth panting in genuine pleasure,  moaning loudly. Her voice gets louder and louder and then shifts to actual pain. Bateman rises up off the bed, suddenly appearing behind  Christie. There is blood on his face. Christie turns her head and sees him. She screams and lea off the bed, running out of the room. She slams the  mirrored door behind her, and as it swings shut for a spl second we see Elizabeth writhing in pain on the bed. We follow Christie out of the room, panicking, screaming. Christie runs down a darkened hallway, frantically openin doors, looking for an escape. She hears the SOUND OF A CHAINSAW coming from the bedroom She opens a closet. The closet lights up as she opens the door and sees two dead, women hanging inside. She screams then claps a hand over her mouth. She stops and listens. DISTANT SOUND OF THE CHAINSAW. She backs away slowly, into another dark room, lit only b the light from a television set. Through the darkness she sees a head on the top of the TV and starts to whimper. She runs toward the nearest door. Finding herself in the  main hallway, she begins to jog toward the front door, th runs. Bateman appears from nowhere, holding the chainsaw,  spattered with blood. Christie screams and changes direction. Bateman leaps at  her, bellowing. They run through the bedroom and into the bathroom.  Christie trips over Elizabeth's body, which is half in th bathtub. Both are slipping on the floor, which is slick with blood Christie falls, tries to get up. Bateman grabs her leg. H tries to bite it. She kicks him in the face and gets up, running toward the front door. He runs after her.
36) 0) text: An insanely expensive restaurant with a childhood motif: tablecloths and jars of crayons for drawing, lots of prim colors, and a goldfish bowl on each table. Bateman is at a table with Evelyn. They are both drawing the tablecloth. Bateman is drawing Christie with the  chainsaw in her back.