34) 0) text: The living room: ELIZABETH has kicked off her shoes and f down on the couch underneath the Baselitz. Elizabeth is a attractive, dark-haired society girl who models occasiona Christie is sitting on the couch opposite her, pretending examine a CD.
34) 1) dialog: You look really familiar. Did you you go to Dalton? Christie shakes her head. The kitchen: Bateman is grinding up tabs of Ecstasy and  putting them in a bottle of wine. In the living room, Eli is still staring at Christie as if she came from Mars.
34) 2) dialog: I think I met you at Au Bar, didn't I ? With Spicey? Christie looks blank.
34) 3) dialog: Well, maybe not with Spicey but it was definitely at Au B Christie still blank.
34) 4) dialog: You know, Au Bar? Christie shakes her head.
34) 5) dialog: Anyway, Au Bar sucks now, it's terrible. I went to a birt day party there for Malcolm Forbes. Oh my God, please. Bateman enters carrying the bottle of wine and two glasse Christie, who seems frightened, sips her wine and stares the floor. There is an awkward silence.
34) 9) dialog: Oh God! I met him at, oh God, the Kentucky Derby in '86-n '87, and... (Turning to Patrick)  You were hanging out with that bimbo Allison Poole.  (Sarcastically)  Hot number.
34) 11) dialog: If you had an American Express card she'd give you a blow (To Christie)  Listen, this girl worked in a tanning salon, need I say more?...What do you do? A long silence. Christie reddens and stares at the floor.
34) 13) dialog: (Skeptically)  Uh huh? 
34) 15) dialog: Where's your phone? I've got to call Harley. Bateman hands her a cordless phone. She dials, and stares At Christie while she waits for someone to answer. 
34) 16) dialog: Where do you summer? Southampton? Christie looks at Bateman and then back at Elizabeth.
34) 18) dialog: (Listening to the receiver)  Oh God, it's his machine.
34) 20) dialog: He's a goddamn drug dealer! These are his peak hours.
34) 22) dialog: Why would I? Bateman has poured her another glass of wine. She downs t whole glass, making a face.
34) 23) dialog: This tastes weird.  (She examines the label and shrugs) Harley? It's me. I need your services. Translate that any you'd like. I'm at-
34) 25) dialog: Who?
34) 27) dialog: I want the number, idiot.  (She waves him away and continues into the reciever)  Anyway, I'm at Paul Norman's and I'll try you later and i don't see you at Canal Bar tomorrow night I'm going to si hairdresser on you. She hangs up.
34) 28) dialog: Did you know that guy who disappeared? Didn't he work at &amp; Pierce, too? Was he a friend of yours?
34) 30) dialog: Do you have any coke? Or Halcyon? I'd take a Halcyon. Bateman sits next to Elizabeth on the couch and pours her another glass of the drugged wine.
34) 32) dialog: (Laughing)  Patrick, you re a lunatic.
34) 34) dialog: Let's not get lewd.  (Flirty)  I'm in no mood to have a lewd conversation.
34) 36) dialog: (To Christie)  Does he do this all the time? Christie shrugs.
34) 39) dialog: No! I'm not a lesbian. Why do you think I'd be into that?
34) 41) dialog: Those are Sarah Lawrence guys, Patrick. You're making me  feel weird.
34) 44) dialog: You actually listen to Whitney Houston? You  actually have a Whitney Houston CD? More than one? She giggles, rolling off the sofa onto the floor.
35) 0) text: AN OUT-OF-FOCUS HOME VIDEO SHOT of Elizabeth, Christie an Bateman in the throes of sex, in the master bedroom. CUT BACK TO WIDE SHOT of the bedroom, partially blocked b the video camera in the foreground. Their bodies are an  incoherent tangle of arms and legs. The only sounds are  moans, heavy breathing and the slapping of flesh against  flesh. CLOSE ON Christie's head and shoulders. Her eyes a shut as she grimly concentrates on giving a good professi performance, turning her head every so often to check the progress of her partners. OFFSCREEN WE HEAR Elizabeth panting in genuine pleasure,  moaning loudly. Her voice gets louder and louder and then shifts to actual pain. Bateman rises up off the bed, suddenly appearing behind  Christie. There is blood on his face. Christie turns her head and sees him. She screams and lea off the bed, running out of the room. She slams the  mirrored door behind her, and as it swings shut for a spl second we see Elizabeth writhing in pain on the bed. We follow Christie out of the room, panicking, screaming. Christie runs down a darkened hallway, frantically openin doors, looking for an escape. She hears the SOUND OF A CHAINSAW coming from the bedroom She opens a closet. The closet lights up as she opens the door and sees two dead, women hanging inside. She screams then claps a hand over her mouth. She stops and listens. DISTANT SOUND OF THE CHAINSAW. She backs away slowly, into another dark room, lit only b the light from a television set. Through the darkness she sees a head on the top of the TV and starts to whimper. She runs toward the nearest door. Finding herself in the  main hallway, she begins to jog toward the front door, th runs. Bateman appears from nowhere, holding the chainsaw,  spattered with blood. Christie screams and changes direction. Bateman leaps at  her, bellowing. They run through the bedroom and into the bathroom.  Christie trips over Elizabeth's body, which is half in th bathtub. Both are slipping on the floor, which is slick with blood Christie falls, tries to get up. Bateman grabs her leg. H tries to bite it. She kicks him in the face and gets up, running toward the front door. He runs after her.