6) 0) text: EVELYN WILLIAMS, Patrick Bateman's  fiancГ©e, is making notes with a gold Cross pen and sippi a bottle of mineral water. Evelyn is blonde, classically  beautiful, expensively educated, and utterly pleased with herself. She usually addresses Patrick as if he were a  small child.
6) 1) dialog: I'd want a zydeco band, Patrick. That's what I'd  want, a zydeco band. Or mariachi. Or reggae. Something  ethnic to shock Daddy Oh, I can't decide...And lots  of chocolate truffles. Godiva. And oysters on the halfshe CLOSE-UP on Bateman, who is wearing a Walkman and staring out the window.
6) 3) dialog: Marzipan. Pink tents. Hundreds, thousands of roses.  Photographers. Annie Leibovitz. We'll get Annie Leibovitz And we'll hire someone to videotape. Patrick, we should d
6) 5) dialog: Get married. Have a wedding.
6) 7) dialog: Yes, darling?
6) 9) dialog: We should do it.
6) 11) dialog: Your father practically owns the company. You can do  anything you like, silly.
6) 13) dialog: Well, you hate that job anyway. Why don't you just  quit? You don't have to work.
6) 19) dialog: (Over her shoulder)  Pat, this is my cousin Vanden  and her boyfriend Stash. He's an artist.
7) 0) text: Bateman and Evelyn are lying on her bed watching televisi
7) 2) dialog: Oh God, Patrick. Why Price? Price?
7) 4) dialog: Everybody's rich.
7) 6) dialog: Everybody's good-looking, Patrick.
7) 8) dialog: Everybody has a great body now. Bateman unbuttons his shirt and makes advances to get  Evelyn to have sex with him. She ignores him, watching th Home Shopping Channel with the remote in her hand. Finall he straddles her, penis close to her face. She tries to  look around him at the TV, then takes notice.
7) 9) dialog: What do you want to do with that, floss with it? Bateman flops back down beside her and stares at the tele
7) 10) dialog: Are you using minoxidil?
7) 12) dialog: Your hairline looks like it's receding.
31) 33) dialog: Patrick I know you're there. Pick up the phone, you bad b What are you up to tonight? It's me. Don't try to hide. I you're not out with some little number you picked up beca you're my Mr. Bateman. My boy next door. Anyway you never called me and you said you would and I'll leave a message Jean about this too to remind you but we're having dinner Melania and Taylor-you know Melania, she went to Sweet Br auld Taylor, he went to Cornell-and we're meeting at the Club, so l'll call you tomorrow morning probably-bye, hon You hate that. Bye Mr. Big Time CEO Patrick. Bye. Bye. Silence. Jean is obviously embarrassed and upset.
36) 0) text: An insanely expensive restaurant with a childhood motif: tablecloths and jars of crayons for drawing, lots of prim colors, and a goldfish bowl on each table. Bateman is at a table with Evelyn. They are both drawing the tablecloth. Bateman is drawing Christie with the  chainsaw in her back.
36) 1) dialog: I want a firm commitment.
36) 3) dialog: (Distracted)  Why? What's wrong?
36) 6) dialog: Talk about what, Patrick? What is there to talk  about?
36) 8) dialog: (Motioning to the waiter for water)  Touchy, touchy. I'm sorry I brought the wedding up. Let's avoid the issue, alright? Now, are we having coffee?
36) 10) dialog: But your friends are my friends. My friends are your  friends. I don't think it would work.  (Reaching over to dab his face with a napkin)  You have a little something on your upper lip.
36) 12) dialog: You're really serious, aren't you?
36) 14) dialog: But what about the past? Our past?
36) 16) dialog: You're inhuman.
36) 18) dialog: No, no, no.
36) 20) dialog: (Sobbing)  What do you want me to do, what is it you want? The occupants of nearby tables begin to stare. Bateman is becoming increasingly agitated and embarrassed.
36) 22) dialog: Oh God, I can't believe this.
36) 24) dialog: (Surprisingly calm)  Where are you going?
36) 26) dialog: But where?