49) 0) text: ROSS rearing this -- Moving away -- The BUS moves up to the traffic light.   The AGENTS movin across the street...
50) 3) dialog: (to Hoody) You. On the floor. Down.
50) 5) dialog: Driver, stop the bus!
59) 0) text: Into the station concourse. ROSS moving fast. Fighting through the crowds of faces. Each one a killer in ROSS' tormented mind. BOURNE on the periphery looking out across the throng, picking out the inconsistencies. One AGENT, then another approaching. He dials.
64) 0) text: BOURNE realizes ROSS has been seen. Sees the AGENTS starting to form the box...
67) 0) text: The AGENTS regrouping. Speaking into their radios. Voice
69) 0) text: ROSS into the store complex. To one side is a service doorway. BOURNE sees the AGENTS approaching. Looks the other way - up at the hoardings above. Something's not right. Treadstone instinct.
71) 0) text: ROSS through narrow store corridors. Sheer panic now. Two of the AGENTS move in after him. BOURNE behind them. BANG - takes the first out silently.
74) 0) text: BOURNE exits from the silver door behind Threshers.    He stays on the phone with Ross. Hidden from the view of the CCTV cameras by the thick crowd, Bourne sees the approaching agents abruptly pullin back.
79) 3) text: Bourne is distracted by the last of the agents disappearing. Something is definitely wrong--
111) 0) text: Bourne snaps out of it and sees the car on a security monitor. 127C   EXT. STREET. Agents get out of car and approach building.
132) 0) text: Four cops jump out and take aim at the AGENTS.
134) 0) text: The agents drop their guns and surrender. BOURNE and NICKY continue around a corner -- they get in her VW GOLF and drive away...
227) 0) text: Vosen and AGENTS come running out of the front door. Others leave through a side entrance.   They jump in sedans.
229) 0) text: Vosen and agents race to Tudor city.   An electronic map the dash.
229) 1) dialog: Copy, we're going to take a left at 41st. One block, settle at the corner.
229) 3) dialog: It's a bad place to pick, it's too exposed.
233) 0) text: LANDY is on the east side now, walking toward Tudor City. An agents trails her on foot.   Another parallels her fro across the street.
234) 1) dialog: Okay folks here we go, box at two hundred meters. Let's lock it down.
236) 0) text: Landy walks, agents are everywhere looking for her.   Vos is still in car.
238) 0) text: She becomes clear to AGENT 3.
238) 1) dialog: Okay, here we go.
244) 0) text: Agents watch Landy.
256) 0) text: BOURNE walking away from CRI. Agents leaving a building.    Getting into unmarked sedan and peeling out.
258) 0) text: The passenger side agent sees BOURNE, points-- BOURNE cuts to the south side of the road so the passenge side agent doesn't have a shot, while controlling the car makes it almost impossible for the driver to fire accurately.
259) 0) text: The westbound car cuts sharply and drives up on the sidewalk. But Bourne is too fast. He's already past them. The passenger side agent jumps out. But he's still got to get around the door and then move a few steps to get a be over the hood of his car on Bourne. The other CRI car races the wrong way on the street but gets immobilized and trapped by the onrushing tunnel traffic.
270) 0) text: Bourne works to hotwire the car. A CRI car gets to the roof.   Two agents come from the elevator lobby.   The three car alarms distract them. The search for Bourne, but can't find him at first... Bourne gets the car engine on - but, given the wonders of modern anti-theft technology his steering wheel is still locked. A second CRI car arrives. Bourne slams the car into low gear and backs up at high speed. He smashes into the car across the aisle from him. With a sharp metallic snap the wheel in Bourne's car is suddenly free, he jams the car into drive pulls out into lane and stops. Three CRI cars here now. Two head straight for him.   A third blocks the exit ramp. Bourne checks the rearview and sees two more agents pour from the elevator lobby, one carrying the serious firepow of an M-4 (an M-16 variant whose bullets can penetrate metal and concrete). They move into position to get a bea on him. Bourne assesses. But he doesn't move. The agents swarm toward him. What the hell is he doing? Why is he waiting?
272) 0) text: The agents clear their obstructions and drop their barrel toward Bourne-- But before they can get a bead-- Bourne slams the car into reverse again.   Petal to the metal in reverse-- The agents open fire. Bourne ducks the lead slugs ripping through the windshiel But there's no dodging the shower of broken glass. As Bourne disappears below the dashboard, the CRI agent adjusts his fire into the car's grill. Virtually blind, Bourne races the hard-pressed vehicle backwards as the agent's fire decimates the car's driveline. Bourne slips the car into neutral and takes a quick peek behind him. Steers still speeding but quickly dying car towards a sma gap between two parked cars at the edge of the parking structure. Bourne's car splits the gap between the parked cars, hits the base of a low angled wall that slams the back of his car up and over the wall. Bourne is pounded as his car jounces onto the wall, a second later the front end seesaws over the top, the sudd angle change exposes for an instant the bottom of Bourne' car, to the shooters. Several rounds rip through the floorboard and tear past Bourne's head just before his car drops upside down for 2 feet and slams onto a row of parked cars. The impact rips Bourne from the seat and slams him hard against the roof. Bourne struggles out of the car, knowing he has only a moment before the armed agents will fire down into his ov turned car.
274) 0) text: The CRI agents race to the spot where Bourne's car disappeared over the railing and reflexively fire into Bourne's car but they're too late! Bourne's already out. He disappears from sight under the covered parking structure.
276) 0) text: One of the agents scrambles over the edge and starts to climb down. Other agents race for the stairs.
278) 0) text: Bourne cuts off a guy cruising for a parking space and pulls him from his car and races away as the agent from t roof lands hard behind him. Bourne's race to the exit is cut off as a 3rd CRI sedan slides into view and it's occupants open fire on Bourne i a head on charge. The just stolen vehicle takes heavy fire as Bourne reacts instantaneously; thumbing on the cruise control, shouldering his door open, and slamming the gas pedal to the floor as he dives out of the car. The agents react as Bourne's sedan torpedoes them head on Hit hard they're taken out of the fight as metal collapse glass shatters, and airbags explode. Bourne tumbles to a stop at the rear of a parked car as h car implodes against the oncoming agents. Instantly Bourne is on his feet, moving between the parke cars to engage another CRI sedan traveling parallel to th course of the wrecked one. The agents in this sedan are distracted by the still echoing crash and are caught off-guard as Bourne steps ou and points his gun at the driver. The driver ducks and floors his gas pedal in a desperate effort to save his own life. As the sedan suddenly accelerates, Bourne deliberately shifts his aim to the sedan's front tire and fires. The tire explodes and the car suddenly veers left and sla into a parked car, pitching the driver violently against the unyielding interior of the sedan. An instant later Bourne rips the radio off the dazed drivers belt just before he cold cocks him with it. With the wreck still echoing through the garage Bourne ha to deal with the arrival of the first NYPD sedan. Bourne takes on the persona of an alarmed witness as the edge cop climbs out of his car but Bourne's performance i cut short as the agent running from his drop from the roo arrives and opens fire. The police officer goes down in the hail of gunfire as Bourne turns and expertly drops the gunman with a single shot. The increasing volume of squealing tires alerts Bourne to new threat, he pulls the officer into some cover and grab the officer's radio. BOURNE
278) 2) text: Stay out of sight until one of your own arrive. Bourne disappears. We pick him up as he jumps into the cops car and guns the engine and heads for the exits. CRI agents are confused for a second -- until they pick u the NYPD car exiting Port Authority on one of the ramps. But that's all the time Bourne needs--
287) 0) text: A CRI agent approaches Vosen.
307) 0) text: Vosen and CRI agents rush into the lobby.
315) 0) text: The agents fire at the door handle to get it open.
316) 0) text: Bourne looks out a window.   Sees the layout of a roof several stories below. Then he turns and shoots out the room's mirrored observation window. Bourne dives through it just as agents rush in and open fire at him.