262) 1) dialog: He's heading for Port Authority! Subject up the ramp, eastbound into Port Authority.
272) 0) text: The agents clear their obstructions and drop their barrel toward Bourne-- But before they can get a bead-- Bourne slams the car into reverse again.   Petal to the metal in reverse-- The agents open fire. Bourne ducks the lead slugs ripping through the windshiel But there's no dodging the shower of broken glass. As Bourne disappears below the dashboard, the CRI agent adjusts his fire into the car's grill. Virtually blind, Bourne races the hard-pressed vehicle backwards as the agent's fire decimates the car's driveline. Bourne slips the car into neutral and takes a quick peek behind him. Steers still speeding but quickly dying car towards a sma gap between two parked cars at the edge of the parking structure. Bourne's car splits the gap between the parked cars, hits the base of a low angled wall that slams the back of his car up and over the wall. Bourne is pounded as his car jounces onto the wall, a second later the front end seesaws over the top, the sudd angle change exposes for an instant the bottom of Bourne' car, to the shooters. Several rounds rip through the floorboard and tear past Bourne's head just before his car drops upside down for 2 feet and slams onto a row of parked cars. The impact rips Bourne from the seat and slams him hard against the roof. Bourne struggles out of the car, knowing he has only a moment before the armed agents will fire down into his ov turned car.
272) 1) dialog: Ho-ly shit!
274) 0) text: The CRI agents race to the spot where Bourne's car disappeared over the railing and reflexively fire into Bourne's car but they're too late! Bourne's already out. He disappears from sight under the covered parking structure.
274) 1) dialog: Get down there! Get down!
278) 2) text: Stay out of sight until one of your own arrive. Bourne disappears. We pick him up as he jumps into the cops car and guns the engine and heads for the exits. CRI agents are confused for a second -- until they pick u the NYPD car exiting Port Authority on one of the ramps. But that's all the time Bourne needs--
287) 0) text: A CRI agent approaches Vosen.
287) 1) dialog: Landy gave Bourne a false birthday. Wills thinks it's a code.
307) 0) text: Vosen and CRI agents rush into the lobby.