41) 0) text: PAZ, 20s, cool and predatory, drives and waits for instructions...His PHONE buzzes...He reads the code...Accelerates toward Waterloo Station...
63) 0) text: PAZ flipping open his phone. A voice crackling in his earpiece.
66) 0) text: PAZ on the move. Earpiece crackling. Through a door. Taki a left down another tunnel. Opens another security door and moves up some steps. Towards a ladder.
68) 0) text: PAZ heads up some stairs to a service platform. Climbs a ladder.
73) 0) text: PAZ puts together the rifle.
76) 0) text: On his cell phone Paz receives a text indicating Bourne's location. Paz finds the silver door and aims his rifle at it.
76) 1) text: A shape barely visible moving behind the window. Ross but Paz and the Hub think it's Bourne.
78) 0) text: Paz awaiting his shot--
78) 1) text: The door comes open slightly, but from this angle Paz doesn't have a clean shot at his target (who he thinks is Bourne).
79) 7) text: Paz sees the shape emerge--
80) 0) text: PAZ fires--
81) 0) text: But it's Ross, not Bourne. Ross is hit by Paz's shot. falls, inches from the silver door, dead. Blood has splattered on the door.
82) 0) text: Paz snaps his head back to the scope, realizing he's shot the wrong person. Then he catches a glimpse of Bourne-- Bourne ducks behind the gathering crowd, out of Paz's lin of sight, and goes to the body.
87) 0) text: BOURNE on the move. Fast -- Past platforms. On his way up to the Tri Panel. Up stairs. On to a walkway.   To his right he sees a figu disappearing... PAZ. BOURNE hammers down the walk - way in pursuit.
88) 0) text: BOURNE tailing PAZ down on to a parallel platform. PAZ dipping down into the underground entrance.
89) 0) text: PAZ moving deliberately through the evening rush hour-- blending in... BOURNE in pursuit. Chasing on instinct. There...A glimpse of PAZ at the bottom of an escalator. BOURNE fights past people. PAZ disappears into the crowd. BOURNE rushes to catch him. Rounding a corner... A long walkway -- at the end, two staircases lead to different tube lines. BOURNE hesitates-- measures the choice. The sound of a train fills the station-- BOURNE -- Fast downstairs. Watches-- just as PAZ gets onto the car at another door. BOURNE lunges to get on the train...But the doors close..
89) 1) text: Watching PAZ from the platform as he SAGS down onto a sea nauseated, his skin clammy, his head pounding...He takes out the PILLS and dry-swallows them...Looks up...
89) 2) text: Watching PAZ...As if he's looking in the MIRROR at his ol self...The self before THE BOURNE IDENTITY...
281) 0) text: Bourne is home free. He looks around and spots a sign tha indicates a right turn and says "To Holland Tunnel / US 95." Bourne turns right-- Suddenly the window next to his head explodes as two more shots rip through his door to tear a jagged wound into th top of Bourne's leg. REVEAL Paz, his SUV racing along the curb lane. As Bourne's car crosses in front of a small car stopped at t intersection Paz swerves his car into that car and punche it into the side of Bourne's car. Bourne's car is knocked spinning, Paz keeps charging forward and slams into the back of Bourne's car. With his front tires spinning wildly Bourne fights to straighten h car as another CRI sedan appears and tries to box Bourne' car by sliding into his path.
282) 0) text: Bourne just manages to punch his car into the right rear the CRI Sedan and race down the Avenue with Paz and the slightly damaged sedan in pursuit. Paz gains on him and Bourne is forced to swerve violently to deny Paz the kill shot he is all too capable of. Just ahead of Bourne, two government SUVs slide into the intersection completely blocking his path. Bourne instantly spins his car 180 degrees and continues on, barreling into the roadblock backwards. As Bourne's car plows through the SUV's he whips the whee and his car spins through a reverse 180 as Paz and the other sedan race through the wreckage in Bourne's wake. Paz and the CRI sedan are all over Bourne as he slides a right hand turn onto South St. as Paz and the CRI sedan overwhelm Bourne's battered vehicle.
283) 0) text: On his police radio, Bourne singles out an NYPD officer (call sign Alpha-2503) racing toward the intersection jus ahead. Bourne slows, then speeds up quickly to time it right: The CRI car almost hits his bumper, then has to accelerat through the upcoming intersection. As he does, the cop ca Bourne was listening to on the radio slams broadside into the CRI sedan drafting the bumper of the mangled cop car. Swerving wildly Paz avoids the pileup and slams his heavy SUV into the back of Bourne's car, pushing him into the oncoming traffic. Several cars swerve left and right as Paz pushes Bourne sideways onto the ramped end of a K-Rail dividing the street ahead. The nearly upended car grinds down the K-Rail until the rear of Bourne's car strikes an obstruction which punches it back into the lane as it slams against the front of Paz's SUV, knocking the SUV sideways, into a row of parke cars. Bourne's car hits parked cars on the other side of the road. SMOKE and STEAM -- SIRENS -- CHAOS BOURNE kicks the window out of the police car.   Gun up.. Ready--
317) 0) text: Bourne runs out onto the roof. Rushes across it to look over the edge.   It's a straight drop to the FDR -- 12 stories down. He races to another ledge -- the East River below him. Bu he has to clear a 10 foot supporting wall at the base of the building to hit the water.   He backs up to get a running leap. As he does, he turns and sees Paz, who is holding a gun o him.
317) 1) dialog: Why didn't you take the shot?
317) 4) text: Bourne turns and runs off the roof. Paz fires into the air... FOLLOW Bourne as he drops fourteen stories into the freezing river-- MULTIPLE ANGLES -- Bourne goes into the river...