0) 0) text: Elwood closes gate as messenger boy rides on on bicycle & stops - talk - camera moves in as boy  gets off bike & goes to Elwood - hands letter to Elwood - Elwood  signs book - messenger exits -  Elwood tears letter in quarters  & throws it down - camera moves  along with him as he starts along street with Harvey - BOY - This three-forty-eight? ELWOOD - Yes, it is. BOY - I've got a Special Delivery here. ELWOOD - Well, that sounds interesting. BOY - It's for Dowd. ELWOOD - Well, Dowd's my name. Elwood P. BOY - There you are, sir. ELWOOD - Let me - uh - give you one of my cards. BOY - Oh, that won't be necessary, sir. Just - uh - sign right here. ELWOOD - Uh-huh. BOY - Beautiful day. ELWOOD - Oh - uh - every day's a  beautiful day. BOY - Thank you. ELWOOD - Well, he was a nice man. Come on. 6
0) 2) text: As Elwood moves along - steps around Harvey and continues toward b.g. 8
0) 8) text: Smoothing table cloth as she  blurts out - MYRTLE - His pal, Harvey!  13
0) 39) dialog: 2
0) 40) text: Stranger sitting at end of bar b.g. watching as Elwood comes on near f.g. & sits - bartender comes on - talk - bartender exits - camera moves in closer to Elwood as he talks - stranger comes forward - reacts - bartender serves two martinis - camera pulls back &  pans as stranger hurries to door b.g. - speaks - exits - Elwood smacks his lips as he prepares to  drink - ELWOOD - Harvey, I just found out -- BARTENDER - Now, what can I do for you,  Mr. Dowd?  ELWOOD - What did you have in mind?  BARTENDER - What's your order? ELWOOD - Uh - Oh, t-two martinis. BARTENDER - Two martinis. Mm. ELWOOD - Harvey - uh it seems that Veta is  having a party this afternoon. And I -- Hm?  Oh, you knew. Well, I just thought that she  might be offended if we weren't there.  After all, she's the only sister I have and  I - I -- How's that? And the only one I'm  ever likely to have. Yes. You're absolutely  right. Oh, we'd better hurry, huh? BARTENDER - That'll be four bits. STRANGER - The one at the end will pay for  it. ELWOOD - Good. BARTENDER - Come back here, will you? ELWOOD - We'd be delighted. BARTENDER - Its -- ELWOOD - He'll be delighted. Well - let's  drink up, huh?
2) 13) text: Veta pushes door open wide as Mrs. Chauvenet looks about - camera dollies after her as she dashes to retrieve purse from chair near far end of hall as Elwood motions Harvey thru' front door b.g. -
2) 22) text: Elwood facing her & camera - camera pans as he turns, introducing  her to the invisible Harvey - ELWOOD - I'd like to meet Ordway. And now,  Aunt Ethel, I'd like you to meet Harvey.  Harvey, you've heard -- 21
2) 25) text: He facing camera - smiles as he converses with Harvey - points  to her - ELWOOD - She's the one -- Hm? Uh - that's  right! Well, this is the one. No - no --  she's the one.  24
2) 28) text: Elwood puts down hats & coats on  chair at side - comes forward -  stops - Mrs. Chauvenet bug-eyed - moves aside - Elwood goes to her - speaks gently - comes forward & exits - Veta rises - Mrs. Chauvenet snatches up purse & rushes to  door b.g. - Veta & Myrtle pursuing her - Mrs.  Chauvenet exits hastily - Veta & Myrtle sunk - turn to camera - Veta reacts as she looks off - ELWOOD - - we must go in and greet the  rest of our friends. Come on, Harvey. Now  - uh - Aunt Ethel, will you pardon me? You  - you're standing in his way. There we  are. Now - uh -- I'll see you in a minute.  Aunt Ethel, I can see that you're  disturbed about Harvey. Now, please don't  be. He stares that way at everybody. It's  his way. But he likes you. I can tell. He  likes you very much. I - I - I - I'm  coming, Harvey. MRS. CHAUVENET - Well, I - I think I'll be  running along.  VETA - With no tea? MRS. CHAUVENET - No - no. VETA - Or punch? MRS. CHAUVENET - No, no thank you, really.  I - I'll be going. Good-bye. Good-bye. VETA - AD LIBS - Well, Aunt Ethel,  wouldn't you like a lemon fizz with a  turkey wing and some - walnut dressing? 26
2) 29) text: Elwood f.g. ushering Harvey thru' sliding doors into drawing room - Veta & Myrtle rush forward to door from b.g. - camera pans slightly - they look into  room - VETA - Elwood! Elwood! Elwood! 27
2) 44) text: Mrs. Halsey & Mrs. Krausmeyer  emerging from drawing room - agitated - chatter as Veta rushes on to them - they escape & exit down hall b.g. - Veta stares as Mrs. Cummings & Elwood come out of the drawing room into hall - Mrs. Cummings frightened - she and another lady escape down hall - Veta hurries to close doors - Elwood stops her - he motions to Harvey - she shuts doors - Veta & Elwood talk - she agitated - she exits at side - he  motions with his head to Harvey - VETA O.S. -- Halsey. Mrs. Krausmeyer!  You're not leaving, are you?  MRS. HALSEY - I just remembered the  Bridle and Bit Horse Show is today. MRS. KRAUSMEYER - Good-bye, Mrs. Simmons.  It's been jolly. ELWOOD O.S. - Won't you join us again  tomorrow night, Mrs. Cummings? (ON SCENE)  Harvey and I are having a few people in  for Mr. Meegles -- it's very informal, of  course. MRS. CUMMINGS - Forgive me, Mrs. Simmons.  One of my stupid headaches. Such a lovely  party. ELWOOD - Good-bye - good-bye. VETA - Elwood, I -- ELWOOD - Yes? VETA - I'd like to --
2) 50) text: Reads title on book - opens book - holds up book for Harvey to see  - starts to read - ELWOOD - Jane Austen - "Sense and  Sensibility". - Hm? Oh, Random House. No  - no. DeLuxe Edition. The usual  acknowledgments. Chapter One. "The family  of Dashwood had been long settled in  Sussex --"
2) 58) dialog: 2
2) 59) text: Driver f.g. - Elwood seated in rear seat - Elwood speaks to Harvey - driver speaks to Elwood - looks back - reacts - Elwood hands card to driver - talk - driver reaches  down & pulls up an iron wrench - looks again at card as Elwood looks about pleasantly - ELWOOD - Charming place, isn't it, Harvey? DRIVER - The name's Henry. ELWOOD - It's Henry, Harvey. DRIVER - No - just plain Henry. ELWOOD - Oh. My name's Dowd - Elwood P.  Here, let me - let me give you one of my  cards - uh - if you should ever want to  call me, call me at this number - don't  call me at that one. That - that's the  old one. If you happen to lose the card,  don't worry - I - have plenty more.
2) 79) text: He writes as she talks - VETA - Well yes, I say definitely Elwood  drinks, and I want him committed out here  permanently because I cannot stand another  day of that Harvey. Don't you think it  would have been a little bit kinder of  mother if she'd written us about him,  Doctor - now be honest, don't you?  SANDERSON - Well - I really couldn't  answer that question. VETA - Well I can - yes it certainly would  have.  SANDERSON - Yes. Now - uh - this person  that you call - uh - Harvey-- 17
2) 82) text: Almost sobs as she speaks - SANDERSON O.S. -- your brother picked up  in one of these bars? VETA - Doctor, I've been telling you -  Harvey is a rabbit. A big white rabbit -  six feet high -- or is it six feet, three  and a half - heaven knows I ought to  know, he's been around the house long  enough. 20
2) 83) text: Looks off - puzzled - concerned - SANDERSON - Mrs. Simmons, if I'm not  mistaken, you -- VETA O.S. - Doctor, don't you understand?  The rabbit's name is "Harvey."  21
2) 84) text: Seated by desk - camera tilts up as she stands - walks to b.g. - camera pans as she turns to f.g. - talks - upset - VETA - Harvey lives at our house. Elwood  buys theater tickets - and railroad  tickets for both of them. He's -- 22
2) 106) dialog: 2
3) 1) text: Kelly runs on below camera - opens door - camera dollies after her as she moves into room - stops & speaks gently to Elwood, sitting by window at side b.g. - camera moves in closer as he rises & comes forward to her - talk - shake hands - camera pans as he moves away - she follows him - Miss Dunphy, the nurse, rushes in from b.g. - Kelly crosses to Dunphy as Elwood starts to introduce Harvey to them - stops - camera pulls back before Kelly as she hurries ahead of Elwood to door - stops & turns as he speaks to Harvey - Dunphy comes on in b.g. - listens - she irked - Elwood  pleasant - Kelly exits near camera - Elwood leads Harvey out of room toward camera - KELLY - Mr. Dowd?  ELWOOD - Elwood P. Here, let me give you  one of my cards. KELLY - Mr. Dowd, I'm Miss Kelly. I'm at  the reception desk downstairs. ELWOOD - Well, I'm happy to know you, Miss  Kelly. KELLY - Thank you, Mr. Dowd. I was  wondering if you would come downstairs  with me, please - to Dr. Sanderson's  office. There's something he'd like to  explain to you. ELWOOD - Uh-huh. Well, I'd be glad to,  Miss Kelly, but there was another very  charming girl in here a minute ago - and  she asked me to wait. She said something  about a bath. I - I - I don't like to  disappoint her. She seemed to have her  heart set on it. KELLY - That was Miss Dunphy. It's quite  all right, Mr. Dowd. Dr. Sanderson will  explain everything in his office -- DUNPHY - Well, here we are! Tsk-tsk! Mr.  Dowd, you haven't peeled yet. ELWOOD - Oh, now - and I regret this, Miss  Dunphy, but Miss Kelly, here, seems to  want me to go with her. Miss Kelly, you've  met Miss Dunphy? KELLY - Yes, of course. ELWOOD - Well, I - I - I - want both of  you to meet a very dear -- KELLY - It seems there's been a mistake.  Just forget everything. DUNPHY - What? ELWOOD - I - I have a suggestion. Why  don't I do what she wants - and then go  with you? KELLY - That won't be necessary, Mr. Dowd. ELWOOD - All right. Well - good-bye, my  dear. You could've had a bath, too. KELLY - I've already had a bath. ELWOOD - Oh, Miss Kelly, I wasn't speaking  to you. I was speaking to my friend -- DUNPHY - Mr. Dowd -- I take a bath every  morning, just before I go on duty. ELWOOD - It's always such a pleasant way  to start the day. No - a-after you. 9
3) 4) text: Camera pulls back & pans before Elwood, Kelly & Sanderson as they come forward to reception desk - two men place two chairs side by  side facing desk - Elwood pulls third chair up b.g. - talk - Kelly sits in third chair - Sanderson sits on edge of desk - Elwood &  Harvey sit in chairs facing desk & Sanderson - talk - Sanderson rises - camera dollies in closer to Elwood as Sanderson paces to b.g. - stops by Kelly - Elwood smiles & winks at Harvey in chair beside him - misunderstands what Kelly & Sanderson try to tell him - rises & shakes hands with Sanderson & Kelly - stops as  he starts to sit - startled - sits - misunderstanding - camera pulls back as Sanderson sits on edge of desk again - SANDERSON -- you have a chair, Mr. Dowd? ELWOOD - Well, thank you very much. There  we are. SANDERSON - Please - sit down. ELWOOD - Uh, after Miss Kelly. KELLY - Oh, no, really, Mr. Dowd. I  couldn't. I'm in and out all the time.  But - but, you sit down - please. ELWOOD - After you. SANDERSON - Sit down, Kelly! Anything we can do for you, Mr. Dowd?  ELWOOD - What did you have in mind?  KELLY - Is - is your chair comfortable?
3) 8) text: Smiles knowingly & slyly at Harvey - speaks - SANDERSON O.S. -- -ing.  ELWOOD - Ahhh, that was Veta! I - I tell  Veta not to worry about that. I - I'll -  I'll take care of that. 12
3) 10) text: Reacts - smiles up at Harvey -  licks lips - SANDERSON O.S. -- us. 
3) 16) text: ELWOOD - Well, Harvey's his name. Uh,  Doctor, before we go any further, I must  insist you and Miss Kelly allow me to  introduce you to a friend-- SANDERSON - Now, let me make my point,  please, Mr. Dowd.  ELWOOD - Yes. SANDERSON - I think that your sister's  condition stems from trauma. ELWOOD - From what?  SANDERSON - Uh - trauma - spelled  T-R-A-U-M-A. It means shock. There's  nothing unusual about it. There's the  birth trauma - the shock of being -- 18
3) 32) dialog: 2
3) 36) text: Mrs. Chumley leaning out window - Elwood f.g. - they talk - he  looks about - steps close to car - she leans back in car - he holds flower in one hand - MRS. CHUMLEY -- -ha! You were walking on  my husband's prize dahlias. I'm Mrs.  Chumley - Dr. Chumley's wife.  ELWOOD - Oh! Uh - Dowd's my name. Elwood P.  Uh - let me give you one of my - Hm? MRS. CHUMLEY - You were looking for  someone over there? ELWOOD - Uh - yes. I'm looking for my  friend, Harvey. I turned my back for an  instant and he seems to have wandered off.
3) 38) text: Elwood f.g. talking to Mrs. Chumley in car - she startled - talk - MRS. CHUMLEY - Oh - ho - I can't. My  husband and I are going to a cocktail  party. Dr. McClure is giving a party for  his sister from Wichita. ELWOOD - Oh - I didn't know Dr. McClure  had a sister in Wichita. MRS. CHUMLEY - Then you know Dr. McClure? ELWOOD - Uh - no. MRS. CHUMLEY - But you -- ELWOOD - But are you sure you wouldn't  have time to come downtown with me and  have a drink? MRS. CHUMLEY - No - I can't. I'll tell  you what I'll do however.  ELWOOD - Well, what will you do however?  I - I'm interested.  MRS. CHUMLEY - If I meet your friend  inside, I'll be glad to give him a message  for you. ELWOOD - Would you do that for me? I  certainly would appreciate that. Just tell  him to meet me downtown - if he has no  other plans. MRS. CHUMLEY - Any particular place  downtown?  ELWOOD - Uh - no - uh - he knows where.  Harvey knows this town like a book. MRS. CHUMLEY - But how will I recognize  your friend? 7
3) 41) text: Smiling - talks - camera with him as he straightens up - sincere - ELWOOD - No - no, as I understand it,  that's something very old. But Harvey's  not only a Pooka, he's also my best  friend. Oh - if Harvey's said to me once,  I'll bet he's said - Oh, probably a  million times - he's said, "Mr. Dowd, I  would do anything for you." 10
3) 43) text: Pleased - leans over as he talks - ELWOOD - Yes. He's also very fond of my  sister, Veta - but Veta doesn't seem to  care for Harvey. Now don't you think  that's rather too bad, Mrs. Chumley? 12
3) 52) text: Door of Chumley's office opening b.g. - he follows Mrs. Chumley out - come forward - she stops - Kelly comes on at side b.g. - exits - camera pulls back before Chumley as he comes forward - Sanderson comes on to him from f.g. - talk - camera pans as Chumley moves back to Kelly near table  - she helps him put on overcoat -  reaches for his hat - he quickly snatches up Harvey's hat & puts it on as he talks to Sanderson - pre-occupied - Mrs. Chumley comes forward - she, Kelly & Sanderson follow Chumley - see hat - he ignores them - exits - three turn as Wilson hurries down stairs b.g.  - irritated - MRS. CHUMLEY - I hate to take you away  like this, Willie, but we did promise Dr.  McClure to be there -- CHUMLEY - Yes, pet. MRS. CHUMLEY -- early. CHUMLEY - One moment, Angel. My hat and  coat, Miss Kelly. KELLY - Yes, Dr. Chumley. CHUMLEY - Dr. Sanderson! SANDERSON O.S. - Yes, Doctor? CHUMLEY - I'm leaving for the day. Now,  about the difficulty of this woman with  the big white rabbit -- has it been  smoothed over? SANDERSON - Yes, Doctor.  CHUMLEY - Good. While I've had many  patients out here with animals, I've never  before had a patient with an animal that  large.  SANDERSON - Yes, Doctor. She called him  Harvey.  CHUMLEY - Unusual name for an animal of  any kind. I want her to have a hypo at six  - with another one at nine. MRS. CHUMLEY - Willie -- CHUMLEY - Yes, yes, my pet - I'm coming.  My formula - Nine-seven-seven. MRS. CHUMLEY - But, listen, Willie -- SANDERSON - Yes, Doctor, but -- WILSON - Hey, now - look, now - somebody's  gonna have to give me a hand with that  Simmons dame! She's terrible! 17
3) 54) text: Mrs. Chumley, Kelly, Sanderson & Wilson looking off toward camera - camera pans as Wilson comes forward to Chumley - reacts at Harvey's hat on Chumley's head - Mrs. Chumley & Kelly come on - Kelly hands  his hat to Chumley as he removes Harvey's hat - camera pans as Chumley & others move to Sanderson b.g. - all react as Chumley puts fingers thru' two holes in crown - tosses it down on desk - camera pulls back & pans - all react - Wilson dashes off at side - Chumley glaring at his wife - she retreats - WILSON - Hiya, Dr. Chumley! How's every  little -- Hey! What's with you and that  hat? (CHUCKLES) CHUMLEY - Hat?
3) 63) dialog: 2
3) 87) text: Camera pans as Elwood crosses & sets picture down - comes forward & dials number - straightens  up - waits - remembers - leans over & dials the last digit -  speaks into phone - camera dollies closer - he hangs up phone - turns to picture b.g. - removes paper disclosing portrait of himself with Harvey, the white rabbit, standing back of him, one paw affectionately draped over Elwood's shoulder - Elwood holds portrait before him - pleased - sets it up on mantel obscuring portrait of Veta's mother already hanging over fireplace - camera tilts down as Elwood takes wrapping paper from sofa - camera dollies after him as he goes toward hall b.g. - ELWOOD - Charlie's Place? Oh, Mr. Cracker.  Uh, Mr. Cracker, this is Elwood P. Dowd  speaking - uh - tell me - have you seen  Harvey? Uh-huh. Well, don't worry, I'll  find him. And Mr. Cracker, I'm  entertaining some friends down there  tonight at ten o'clock. May I have my  regular booth? Oh, fine, thank you.  Good-bye.  17
3) 92) dialog: 2
3) 93) text: At foot of stairs - looks around for Harvey - camera dollies after him - he exits side in hall - camera moves in closer to living room - Myrtle comes out cautiously from dining room - Wilson dashes out after her - he is eating a sandwich - they come forward - camera pans as he dashes away to side - she grabs his arm - they talk - he chucks her under chin - camera pans as he goes b.g. toward front door - ELWOOD CALLS - Harvey! Harvey? MYRTLE - Hello? WILSON - Come on, Myrtle. Don't you want  to come back in the kitchen and get  acquainted? MYRTLE - I thought I heard voices. WILSON - Well what kinda voices? Come on,  Myrtle. I wanta talk to ya. MYRTLE - Well it sounded something like  "Harvey." WILSON - Harvey? Well I'd better get goin'  Myrtle. MYRTLE - Oh, but Marvin, you haven't  finished your egg and onion. WILSON - Business before pleasure, honey.  Even if it's a pleasure bein' with you.  You make a great egg and onion, kid. A  great egg and onion. MYRTLE - Don't you want to come back to  the kitchen for some more? 3
3) 96) text: In door to library - camera pans as they cross toward f.g. - she answers telephone - picture of Elwood & Harvey over mantel -  Chumley reacts as he looks at it -  Veta hangs up - Chumley motions to picture - she speaks of it without looking to b.g. - then turns to b.g. - reacts at what she sees - camera pans & dollies up as she nearly faints - Chumley helps her to sofa - she points at the picture over the mantel - Chumley answers phone - holds hand over mouthpiece - motions to Veta - she gets up & comes forward to phone - speaks - Chumley leans over to hear what he can - VETA - I don't want to listen to you -  I'm suing you. CHUMLEY - Mrs. Simmons, please listen to  me. I beg of you. VETA - Oh well I'll listen - all right -  but I'm warning you, it won't do you any  good. Hello. Oh no I am not listening to  my radio. I am listening to Dr. Chumley.  I just told him so. CHUMLEY - Mrs. Simmons! Uh - that picture  over the mantel. VETA - That portrait of my mother, Doctor,  happens to be the pride of this house.  CHUMLEY - Who painted it? VETA - Oh, some man - I forget his name -  he was around here for the sittings, and  then we paid him and he went away. CHUMLEY - Yes, I suppose if you have the  money, you can persuade people to do  anything. VETA - Now, Dr. Chumley -- you brought  this up - you might as well learn  something quickly. I took a course in art  last winter. I learned the difference  between a fine oil painting and a  mechanical thing - like a photograph. The  photograph shows only the reality. The  painting shows not only the reality, but  the dream behind it. It's our dreams,  Doctor, that carry us on. They separate  us from the beasts - I wouldn't want to  go on living if I thought it was all just  eating and sleeping and taking my clothes  off - I mean putting them on. Oh - oo-oo!  Oh, Doctor! CHUMLEY - Mrs. Simmons - steady now -
3) 101) text: She holds phone down - speaks to Chumley - speaks into phone - holds  phone down - speaks to Chumley -  he turns away - comes back as Veta speaks into phone again -  VETA - He won't say where he is. He wants  to know if Harvey is here.  CHUMLEY - Tell him Harvey is here. 
3) 103) text: CHUMLEY - I know that, but pretend he is -  say he is - we've got to humor him. VETA - All right - hello, Elwood - yes,  dear. Harvey's here. Why don't you come  home? It won't work - he wants us to  call Harvey to the telephone.
3) 104) text: CHUMLEY - Well - uh - say Harvey's here,  but he can't come to the phone because  he's in the bathtub.  VETA - Oh, Doctor! CHUMLEY - We've got to do it, Mrs. Simmons. VETA - El-Elwood - yes, dear. Harvey is  here but he can't come to the telephone.  He's in the bathtub. I'll send him over as  soon as he's dry. Where are you, dear? 8
3) 107) text: She hangs up the phone - they talk - camera pans & dollies as they cross to hall - Chumley goes to b.g. - turns & speaks to Veta - he exits - she calls up stairs - walks forward - reacts - walks forward into library - VETA - He says that Harvey just walked  thru the door. It must be a stranger in  the bathtub, but I know where he is - he's  at Charlie's Bar - that's a bar over at  Twelfth and Main.  CHUMLEY - Twelfth and Main - that's two  over and one down, isn't it? VETA - Yes. Where are you going, Doctor? CHUMLEY - I'm going over to get your  brother and bring him back and take him to  the sanitarium where he belongs. I want  to observe the expression on his face when  he talks to this rabbit. He does talk to  the rabbit you say?  VETA - Oh, they tell each other everything.  CHUMLEY - Good - what? VETA - I said, yes, he talks to him, but,  Doctor-- CHUMLEY - Oh. VETA --don't go out there. You'll regret  it if you do. CHUMLEY - Nonsense, Mrs. Simmons. You  underestimate me. VETA - No, no - you underestimate my brother. 
3) 199) dialog: 2
4) 0) text: Sanderson & Kelly f.g. - Elwood seated facing them & camera - Wilson coming on at side - talk - Wilson annoyed - WILSON -- over this joint! There's no sign  of the doctor! What'd'ja do to him? SANDERSON - That's what we're trying to  find out. What happened then, Mr. Dowd? ELWOOD - Well, I -- then introduced Harvey  to the Doctor and he sat down in the booth  with us. Let's see - Harvey was sitting  here -- and the Doctor sat opposite Harvey  so he could look at him. WILSON - Who's Harvey?  KELLY - A white rabbit - six feet tall.  WILSON - Six feet?! 5
4) 2) text: Wilson standing by Sanderson - Kelly f.g. - Elwood sitting opposite - talk - couples  dancing b.g. SANDERSON - Now what happened after you  introduced Dr. Chumley to Harvey? ELWOOD - Well, uh - Harvey suggested that  I buy him a drink, and knowing that he  doesn't like to drink alone, I suggested  to Dr. Chumley that we join him.  SANDERSON - Yes? ELWOOD - We joined him.  7
4) 5) text: Wilson & Elwood seated at far side of table facing Sanderson & Kelly - three turn to look as Elwood points off as he talks - three turn to him - listen as he talks - Elwood amused - Wilson shouts angrily - Elwood retreats - bartender serves drinks - exits - ELWOOD - Yes. There was a beautiful blonde  woman - name of Mrs. Smethills and her  escort seated in the booth directly across  from us. Well, Dr. Chumley went over to  sit next to her, explaining to her that  they had once met -- in Chicago. Then her  escort escorted Dr. Chumley back here to  Harvey and me - and tried to point out  that it would he better for Dr. Chumley to  mind his own affairs. Does he have any? WILSON - Does he have any what?  ELWOOD - Does he have any affairs? WILSON - How would I know?!  SANDERSON - Shut up, Wilson. Go on, Mr.  Dowd. ELWOOD - Well, uh -- Thank you, Mr.  Cracker. Uh - Mrs. Smethills' escort  seemed to get more and more depressed as  he kept looking at Dr. Chumley. So Harvey  and I felt that we should take the Doctor  somewhere else and Harvey suggested  Blondie's Chicken Inn, but uh - the doctor  wanted to go to Eddie's. And while they  were arguing about it, I went up to the  bar to order another -- 10
4) 7) text: Elwood & Wilson seated at far side of table facing Kelly, Sanderson &  camera - Wilson protests loudly -  Elwood turns to Wilson as he  speaks - WILSON - You don't believe that story  about the Doctor sittin' here talkin' to a  big white rabbit, do you?! ELWOOD - Well, why not? Harvey was here.  A-at first, Doctor Chumley seemed a little  frightened of Harvey - but that gave way  to admiration as the evening wore on. "The  evening wore on." That's - that's a very  nice expression, isn't it? With your  permission, I'll say it again. "The  evening wore on." 12
6) 5) text: ELWOOD - Oh, all right, if you want me to.  I - it seemed to be so pleasant out here.  I - You know, you - you two looked very  nice dancing together. I - I used to know  a whole lot of dances. Uh - the, uh -  Flea Hop - and - and let's see, uh - the -  Black Bottom, the - Varsity Drag -- I don't  know - I just don't seem to have any time  any more. I have so many things to do. KELLY - What is it you do, Mr. Dowd? ELWOOD - Oh, Harvey and I sit in the bars  and - have a drink or two - play the juke  box. And soon the faces of a-all the other  people - they turn toward mine - and they  smile. And they're saying, 'We don't know  your name, mister, but you're a very nice  fellow.' Harvey and I -- 25
6) 8) text: Sitting on bench - talking - smiles - leans forward - sad - ELWOOD - Their hopes and their regrets,  their loves and their hates. All very  large, because nobody ever brings anything  small into a bar. And then - I introduce  them to Harvey. And he's bigger and  grander than anything they offer me. And - and when they leave, they leave impressed.  The same people seldom come back, but -  that's - that's envy, my dear. There's a  little bit of envy in the best of us.  That's too bad. Isn't it? 28
6) 13) dialog: 2
6) 14) text: Looking off - deeply touched - SANDERSON - How did you happen to call him  Harvey? 3
6) 15) text: Sanderson & Kelly f.g., backs to camera, facing Elwood b.g. - talk - Elwood leans back as he explains - ELWOOD - Harvey's his name. SANDERSON - How do you know that? ELWOOD - Uh - there was a rather  interesting coincidence on that, Doctor.  One night several years ago, I was walking  early in the evening down along Fairfax  Street - uh - between Eighteenth and  Nineteenth. I -- Do you know the -- 4
6) 19) text: Talking - points - smiles - ELWOOD -- 'ey was a little spiffed this evening, or could I be mistaken?' Well,  of course, he was not mistaken. I  think the world and all of Ed, but he was  spiffed. (MAKES NOISE) Well, we talked  like that for a while - and then - and  then I said to him, I said, 'You have the  advantage on me. You know my name - and I  don't know yours.' And - and right back at  me, he said, 'What name do you like?'  Well, I - I didn't even have to think  twice about that. I - Harvey's always been  my favorite name. So I said to him, I said,  'Harvey.' And uh - he - and - - th- th-  this is - this is the - the interesting  thing about the whole thing. He said,  'What a coincidence. My name happens to be  Harvey.' 8
6) 21) text: ELWOOD - Oh, that's too bad. Uh - there  were a lot of 'em - and they circulated.  Very nice people. Won - just wonderful  people. SANDERSON - Think carefully, Dowd. Didn't  you know somebody - sometime - someplace -  by the name of Harvey? Didn't you ever  know anybody by that name? ELWOOD - No. No. Not one, Doctor. Maybe  that's why I always had such hopes for it. WILSON O.S. - Sorry. 9
6) 23) text: ELWOOD - Well, very well, Lyman. I'm  afraid I won't be able to stay very long.   I must find Harvey.
6) 59) text: Chumley entering thru' outer doors b.g. - comes forward thru' glass  inner doors & exits at side - the two pairs of doors  swing open & shut as Harvey enters -  camera pans & dollies in  to Chumley, standing near elevator, looking off - frightened - camera pans & dollies up to table in center of hall as he runs to office door b.g. & starts into  office -
6) 61) text: As Chumley dashes in from reception  room - slams door & locks it - comes forward - spent - stops  close to camera - apprehensive - door opens b.g. & Harvey enters -  Chumley exits quickly past camera - 19
6) 97) text: ELWOOD O.S. - Ah, Dr, Chumley!  How nice  to (On scene) run into you again. Tell me,  how're you getting along with Harvey?
6) 107) text: ELWOOD - You mean Harvey, the Pooka? CHUMLEY - Yes - it's true - the things  you told me tonight. I know it now. ELWOOD - Yes. Yes, Harvey has several very  interesting facets. Did I - uh - did I tell  you about Mrs. McElhinney? CHUMLEY - No. ELWOOD - Uh - she lives right next door to  us. Wonderful woman. Well, Harvey told me  last night that Mrs. McElhinney's Aunt  Rose -- 32
6) 110) text: Speaks - CHUMLEY - Aunt Rose - did, uh - did she  come - just as Harvey said she would? 35
6) 111) text: Looking off - speaks - ELWOOD - Oh, yes! Yes. Yes - these things  always work out just the way Harvey says  they will. He is very, very versatile.В   Did I tell you he could stop clocks? 36
6) 116) dialog: 2
6) 118) text: Chumley standing near f.g. facing Elwood, who sits near table b.g.  - Elwood leans forward as he talks  - Chumley flabbergasted - comes forward & pulls chair over toward Elwood - starts to sit - ELWOOD - Well, you've heard the expression  'His face would stop a clock'? Well,  Harvey - can look at your clock and stop  it. And you can go anywhere you like -  with anyone you like - and stay as long as  you like -- and when you get back -- not  one minute will have ticked by. CHUMLEY - Do you mean that he -- ELWOOD - Uh - you see -- 4
6) 119) text: As Chumley sits facing Elwood - Elwood facing camera - explains  - camera pulls back as he leans back in chair - Chumley rises, triumphantly & moves to mantel b.g. - turns - camera tilts down as he sits facing Elwood again - talk - Chumley thoughtful & happy - starts to rise - CHUMLEY -- he can -- ? ELWOOD - You see, science has overcome  time and space. Well, Harvey has overcome,  not only time and space - but any  objections. CHUMLEY - Flyspecks - flyspecks! I've been  spending my life among flyspecks - while  miracles have been leaning on lamp posts  at Eighteenth and Fairfax! Tell me, Mr.  Dowd, will he do this for you? ELWOOD - Oh, he'd be willing at any time -  yes. But so far I ha-haven't been able to  think of any place I'd rather be. I - I  always have a wonderful time - wherever I  am - whomever I'm with. I'm having a fine  time right here with you, Doctor. CHUMLEY - Oh, I -- 5
6) 121) text: As Chumley sits up f.g. & faces Elwood - camera moves in - they talk - Chumley looks toward window b.g. - cagey - starts to rise - CHUMLEY -- could he -- would he do this  for me? ELWOOD - Oh, he could - and might. Oh,  I've never heard Harvey say a word against  Akron. By the way, Doctor, where is  Harvey?  CHUMLEY - Don't you know?  ELWOOD - Oh, well, the last time I saw him  he was with you. Oh, but he's - he's  probably waiting for me down at Charlie's. CHUMLEY - Uh - yes, that's it! He's down  at Charlie's. ELWOOD - Un-hn - well, in that case, I  think I'll go down and join him for a  nightcap. Fortunately, Charlie's stays  open rather late. Excuse me-- 7
6) 152) text: VETA - Yes! If he won't see the rabbit any more, give it to him!  Then when Harvey  comes to the door, I'll deal with him!
6) 153) text: MYRTLE - Mother, won't you please stop  talking about Harvey as if there were such a thing!
6) 186) text: ELWOOD - Un-hun. Well - Doctor, I - if you  thought of this, I'm sure it must be a  very fine thing. And uh - if I happen to  run into anyone who needs it, I'd be  glad to recommend it. But, as for myself,  I don't think I'd care for it. VETA - You hear that, Judge? You hear  that, Doctor? That's what we have to put  up with. ELWOOD - Well, Veta, do you want me to  take this? VETA - Oh, Elwood, I'm only thinking of  you. You're my brother and I've known you  for years. I'd do anything for you. Harvey  wouldn't do anything for you. He's making  a fool of you, Elwood. Don't be a fool.  ELWOOD - Oh, I won't.
6) 187) text: VETA - Why, you could amount to something.  You could be sitting on the Western Slope  Water Board right now if you'd only go  over and ask them! ELWOOD - Well, Veta, if that's what you  want, well, Harvey and I'll go over there  tomorrow and ask them. VETA - Tomorrow! I wish there might never  be another tomorrow! Not if Myrtle Mae and  I have to go on living with that rabbit!  Our friends never come to see us any more!  We have no social life whatever! We've no  life at all! (SOBS) We're both perfectly  miserable! (SOBS) ELWOOD - Veta -- VETA - (SOBS) But perhaps you don't care!  (SOBS)
6) 198) dialog: 2
6) 222) text: Holds handkerchief to her nose - reacts as she glances at coin purse  held in other hand - speaks - gets  idea - reacts as she looks down at  purse - VETA SNIVELS - Why - why look at that.  It's my coin purse. It must have been in  there all the time. I could have paid that  cab driver myself. HARVEY! Oh! 18
6) 230) text: ELWOOD - Well, I must find Harvey.
6) 237) text: Talking to Harvey - puts arm around Harvey - camera dollies back as they  walk forward - start off porch -  Elwood looks off to side - ELWOOD - Hm?  Oh - I don't mind if I do.  That'd warm us up, wouldn't it?  Uh - no - Charlie's would be fine.  Just fine.   Here -
6) 241) text: Looks off - smiles graciously - turns & looks up at Harvey - speaks - ELWOOD - Well doctor, whatever he wants to  do is perfectly all right with me.  He  knows that.  It's up to you.  Would you  like to stay with the doctor?  Hm?
6) 244) text: Looking up at Harvey - slightly  disappointed - agreeable - camera  dollies across losing Elwood, whose  eyes follow Harvey across to door  where Chumley looks up at him &  follows him into sanitarium - closes door, disappears - ELWOOD - No - I - I don't mind.
6) 248) text: Veta & Myrtle waiting for Elwood - gatekeeper b.g. at control - Elwood comes forward from b.g. - camera pans slightly as two women exit f.g. - gates close - Elwood turns to speak to gatekeeper - drops head somberly & starts away to f.g. - stops suddenly  - brightens - turns & speaks  to Harvey behind bars of gates -  gates open - by Elwood's movements  we know Harvey has come forward to  him - Elwood happy - puts hands in  pockets - speaks jovially - starts forward -
6) 253) text: GATEKEEPER - Good night. ELWOOD - Was anything the matter? No - I  - I thought you'd decided to stay with Dr.  Chumley.  You - you - huh? You - (CHUCKLES)  Well thanks, Harvey.  I prefer you, too.  (CHUCKLES)
6) 255) text: Back to camera - Veta & Myrtle in far b.g. walking over rise of ground to b.g. - Elwood & Harvey walk slowly to b.g. - Elwood looks at Harvey from time to time - two women exit b.g. - Elwood puts arm around Harvey & they change positions  - Elwood puts hands in pockets  and they continue on to b.g. - words come on over scene as gates to  sanitarium close in f.g. -