0) 1) text: Veta Louise and Myrtle Mae looking  out from behind lace curtains - 7
0) 3) text: Veta & Myrtle looking out - drop  curtains - 9
0) 7) text: Camera pulls back & pans as Myrtle follows Veta across drawing room & into dining room - Veta swings kitchen door open & calls - Veta & Myrtle  hurriedly set dining table for party - MYRTLE - Oh you're not telling! VETA - Elvira! Elvira! You can bring those  things in now. MYRTLE - Oh mother, why can't we live like  other people? VETA - Myrtle Mae, do I have to keep  reminding you - your Uncle Elwood is not  living with us -- we're living with him. MYRTLE - Living with him and his pal! VETA - You promised! 12
0) 9) text: Reacts - horrified - camera pans as she hurries forward to Myrtle & claps her hand over Myrtle's  mouth - both turn & look off - VETA - (GASPS) - You said that name! You  promised you wouldn't say that name and  you said it! 14
0) 11) text: As Veta comes on to Myrtle - Veta fusses lovingly with Myrtle's dress and hair as she speaks  encouragingly - camera pans and dollies after them as Myrtle moves away - bitter - Veta following - Veta hurries to b.g. - camera pans & dollies after Myrtle as she hurries to conservatory-like end of  room - Myrtle peers out through  curtains - calls - VETA - You're sweet and you have so much  to offer. I don't care what anyone says -  there's something sweet about every young  girl - and a man takes that sweetness and  look what he does with it. Oh, show some  poise, dear. I want you to charm Mrs.  Chauvenet. She has a grandson just about  your age. MYRTLE - A lot of good that will do if  Uncle Elwood comes home. VETA - Well, Uncle Elwood won't be home  this afternoon -- or will he? I'm going to  telephone Judge Gaffney. We can't take any  chances. MYRTLE - Mother! You'd better hurry! Mrs.  Halsey-- 16
0) 13) text: VETA - Oh dear. Yes, dear, I am hurrying. MYRTLE - Well, hurry, mother. They're  getting out of the car. VETA - Oh dear. Judge Gaffney, please. Mrs.  Veta Simmons calling. 17
0) 14) text: Judge Gaffney at desk b.g. - camera dollies in as he comes forward & answers phone - reacts - GAFFNEY - Yes - oh put her on. Oh, Veta,  my girl, this is a pleasure. 18
0) 15) text: Talking on phone in library - agitated - Myrtle herds two guests into hall b.g. - Veta turns and calls to them brightly - Veta cups hand over phone & talks as Myrtle & two ladies start across hall b.g. - VETA - Oh Judge - we haven't got a moment  to lose. I'm having the Wednesday Forum  over for a program tea and reception --  for Ethel Chauvenet. Elwood has just gone  out but I'm so afraid he may come back.  You can understand why. Oh, hello, Miss  Tewksbury and Mrs. Halsey. Go right into  the drawing room. Myrtle dear, take their  things. Yes - you've got to help me, Judge.  (WHISPERS) You've got to help me. I can't. 19 
0) 16) text: Talking on phone - whispers - JUDGE - Speak up - speak up, Veta.  (WHISPERS)  What? I can't -  (INDISTINGUISHABLE) Is that so? (MUMBLES)   20
0) 17) text: Whispering into phone f.g. - turns & waves gayly to two more guests as Myrtle herds them into the hall - Veta resumes whispering into phone - VETA WHISPERS INTO PHONE (speaks) Yoo hoo,  Mrs. Streickelberger. MRS. STREICKELBERGER - Oh, hello, Mrs. Simmons.
0) 18) dialog: 21
0) 21) text: Agitated - whispering into phone - VETA WHISPERS INTO PHONE - Oh, no, no, no.  Yes, that'll be all right. 23
0) 40) text: Stranger sitting at end of bar b.g. watching as Elwood comes on near f.g. & sits - bartender comes on - talk - bartender exits - camera moves in closer to Elwood as he talks - stranger comes forward - reacts - bartender serves two martinis - camera pulls back &  pans as stranger hurries to door b.g. - speaks - exits - Elwood smacks his lips as he prepares to  drink - ELWOOD - Harvey, I just found out -- BARTENDER - Now, what can I do for you,  Mr. Dowd?  ELWOOD - What did you have in mind?  BARTENDER - What's your order? ELWOOD - Uh - Oh, t-two martinis. BARTENDER - Two martinis. Mm. ELWOOD - Harvey - uh it seems that Veta is  having a party this afternoon. And I -- Hm?  Oh, you knew. Well, I just thought that she  might be offended if we weren't there.  After all, she's the only sister I have and  I - I -- How's that? And the only one I'm  ever likely to have. Yes. You're absolutely  right. Oh, we'd better hurry, huh? BARTENDER - That'll be four bits. STRANGER - The one at the end will pay for  it. ELWOOD - Good. BARTENDER - Come back here, will you? ELWOOD - We'd be delighted. BARTENDER - Its -- ELWOOD - He'll be delighted. Well - let's  drink up, huh?
1) 7) text: Veta standing by chair f.g. - lady seated - three ladies standing b.g. - Veta turns & smiles happily at others - looks off - MISS TEWKSBURY SINGS O.S. -- --aaay Ahhhhhhhhhh 7
2) 8) text: Veta & Myrtle hurrying out of  drawing room - camera pans & dollies after them as they move to greet Mrs. Chauvenet - talk - camera pulls back as Mrs. Chauvenet comes forward - Veta stops her - Mrs. Chauvenet glares at Myrtle  as Myrtle tries to remove her coat - Veta & Myrtle nervous - camera pulls back & pans them to partly  open drawing room doors - Mrs.  Chauvenet waves discreetly - looks  into drawing room - VETA - Aunt Ethel! MRS. CHAUVENET - Why, Veta Louise Simmons!  I thought you were dead! VETA - Oh ho-no! No - I'm very much alive,  thank you! And this is my daughter, Myrtle  Mae. MRS. CHAUVENET - My dear, you're your  grandmother all over again! I was at her  funeral. And now, where is Elwood?
2) 9) text: VETA - Well, Elwood couldn't be home this  afternoon. MRS. CHAUVENET - Oh. VETA - That's Miss Tewksbury singing.  She'll be through in a minute. MRS. CHAUVENET - Oh, shame on him! That  was the main reason I came. I want to see  Elwood. Do you realize, Veta, I haven't  seen Elwood in years? I was saying to Mr.  Chauvenet just the other -- What do you  want, my dear? MYRTLE - Well, you're --  MRS. CHAUVENET -- just the other night,  'What on earth do you think happened to  Elwood Dowd?' He never comes to the Yale  Alumni Dances any more. I haven't seen  him at the Club or at the Horse Show in  years. Does Elwood see anybody these days?
2) 11) text: Mrs. Chauvenet, Veta & Myrtle looking in thru' partly open doors toward camera - talk - MRS. CHAUVENET - Is that Mrs. Frank  Cummings? Doesn't she look ghastly? I  thought she was dead. I must get a closer  look. 
2) 13) text: Veta pushes door open wide as Mrs. Chauvenet looks about - camera dollies after her as she dashes to retrieve purse from chair near far end of hall as Elwood motions Harvey thru' front door b.g. -
2) 15) text: Standing near partly open doors staring off - aghast - VETA - Oh, no! 16
2) 19) text: Looking off - despairing - Veta rallies & crosses close to camera -
2) 20) text: VETA - Elwood! 19
2) 28) text: Elwood puts down hats & coats on  chair at side - comes forward -  stops - Mrs. Chauvenet bug-eyed - moves aside - Elwood goes to her - speaks gently - comes forward & exits - Veta rises - Mrs. Chauvenet snatches up purse & rushes to  door b.g. - Veta & Myrtle pursuing her - Mrs.  Chauvenet exits hastily - Veta & Myrtle sunk - turn to camera - Veta reacts as she looks off - ELWOOD - - we must go in and greet the  rest of our friends. Come on, Harvey. Now  - uh - Aunt Ethel, will you pardon me? You  - you're standing in his way. There we  are. Now - uh -- I'll see you in a minute.  Aunt Ethel, I can see that you're  disturbed about Harvey. Now, please don't  be. He stares that way at everybody. It's  his way. But he likes you. I can tell. He  likes you very much. I - I - I - I'm  coming, Harvey. MRS. CHAUVENET - Well, I - I think I'll be  running along.  VETA - With no tea? MRS. CHAUVENET - No - no. VETA - Or punch? MRS. CHAUVENET - No, no thank you, really.  I - I'll be going. Good-bye. Good-bye. VETA - AD LIBS - Well, Aunt Ethel,  wouldn't you like a lemon fizz with a  turkey wing and some - walnut dressing? 26
2) 29) text: Elwood f.g. ushering Harvey thru' sliding doors into drawing room - Veta & Myrtle rush forward to door from b.g. - camera pans slightly - they look into  room - VETA - Elwood! Elwood! Elwood! 27
2) 32) text: Staring off thru' partly open  doors - fearful - VETA - She has a nephew! He's a little bit  old, but he would have done in a pinch. 29
2) 35) dialog: 30
2) 36) text: Myrtle turns away - desperate - Veta goes to her - camera pans as Veta follows Myrtle across hall to stairs - Myrtle runs up stairs - exits - camera pans Veta to doors of library - she almost slides  doors shut & exits into library - MYRTLE - Oh, Mother, I can't face those  people! Oh, I just can't! VETA - Myrtle, your uncle has disgraced us  for the last time in this house! I'm going  to see to that! MYRTLE - You're no match for him! He  always gets the best of you! VETA - Where are you going? MYRTLE - Upstairs to pack! I'm going to  lose myself in some strange city! I'm  going to change my name! VETA - No, don't do that yet, dear! Wait  until I telephone Judge Gaff-- Judge  Gaffney. I'm going to do something I should  have done long ago!
2) 40) text: Agitated - talking on phone - VETA - I don't know anything about your  Mr. Minninger, but I do know Elwood Dowd  when I see him and he's here - he's here,  I tell you. 32
2) 43) text: Standing in library near desk - reacts as she sees Mrs. Halsey and Mrs. Krausmeyer emerging from the drawing room into hall b.g. - Veta puts phone on desk - camera dollies after her as she starts toward hall - VETA - Oh, excuse me. Hold on, Judge. Oh -  oh Mrs. -- 34
2) 44) text: Mrs. Halsey & Mrs. Krausmeyer  emerging from drawing room - agitated - chatter as Veta rushes on to them - they escape & exit down hall b.g. - Veta stares as Mrs. Cummings & Elwood come out of the drawing room into hall - Mrs. Cummings frightened - she and another lady escape down hall - Veta hurries to close doors - Elwood stops her - he motions to Harvey - she shuts doors - Veta & Elwood talk - she agitated - she exits at side - he  motions with his head to Harvey - VETA O.S. -- Halsey. Mrs. Krausmeyer!  You're not leaving, are you?  MRS. HALSEY - I just remembered the  Bridle and Bit Horse Show is today. MRS. KRAUSMEYER - Good-bye, Mrs. Simmons.  It's been jolly. ELWOOD O.S. - Won't you join us again  tomorrow night, Mrs. Cummings? (ON SCENE)  Harvey and I are having a few people in  for Mr. Meegles -- it's very informal, of  course. MRS. CUMMINGS - Forgive me, Mrs. Simmons.  One of my stupid headaches. Such a lovely  party. ELWOOD - Good-bye - good-bye. VETA - Elwood, I -- ELWOOD - Yes? VETA - I'd like to --
2) 46) dialog: ELWOOD - There. Come on. VETA - Oh (GIGGLES) - I - uh - I'd like  to talk to you, Elwood. ELWOOD - Well, I'd like to talk to you,  too, Veta. VETA - Well, this is very important.  Would you mind coming into the library?
2) 53) text: As it stops - driver f.g. - Veta & Elwood in tonneau - camera moves over & in closer as she gets out of cab at far side - speaks confidentially to driver - tips him - camera pans & tilts up as she starts up steps - VETA - Will you wait here for me, Elwood,  dear? ELWOOD - Do you want both of us to wait,  Veta? VETA - Oh, yes, Elwood. Both of you. I  won't be long. Oh, driver - driver, will  you keep an eye on him, please? I - uh - I  won't be but a minute. Oohh. 39
2) 64) text: Crying - wipes her nose - speaks - VETA - Well, I'm sorry - life is not easy  for any of us - it's Dowd - Elwood P. Dowd.  5
2) 66) text: Veta seated opposite Kelly - Veta motions o.s. - Kelly presses button on desk - Wilson comes forward from b.g. - speaks courteously  to Veta - Wilson exits side - Kelly exits near camera - Veta stands - VETA - Forty-two the twenty-fourth of last  April. He's Taurus - Taurus, the bull. I'm  Leo, and Myrtle's on the cusp.  KELLY - Do you have him with you now? VETA - Oh yes, he's outside waiting in the  taxi cab. I told him to wait. He always  does what I tell him. KELLY - I see - is he married? VETA - No - Elwood never married. He  always stayed with mother. He was a great  home boy. (SNIVELS) He loved his home.  WILSON - Yeah? KELLY - Wilson, there's a Mr. Dowd outside  in the cab. Will you ask him if he will be  good enough to step up to Room number  twenty-four, South Wing G? WILSON - Ask him?  KELLY - Wilson, this is his sister, Mrs.  Simmons.  WILSON - Oh - how-do - why, certainly.  I'll be glad to escort him.  KELLY - Now I'll see if Dr. Sanderson can  see you, Mrs. (O.S.) Simmons.  VETA - Dr. Sanderson? I want to see Dr.  Chumley himself.  KELLY - Oh -- 7
2) 67) text: Veta back to camera f.g. - talk - KELLY -- but Mrs. Simmons, Dr. Sanderson  is the one who sees everybody. Dr. Chumley  sees no one.  8
2) 71) text: She back to camera - talk - Kelly comes on thru door to Sanderson's office b.g. - he goes to her - Veta steps to them - Sanderson takes card from Kelly - ushers Veta to b.g. into his office - Kelly closes door & turns to f.g.  DR. SANDERSON - I'm sorry, Mrs. Simmons. I  am Dr. Sanderson. VETA - Oh. SANDERSON - Miss Kelly tells me that you're  concerned about your brother - Mister -  Mister -- the card, Miss Kelly. Miss Kelly!  The card, please. Mr. Dowd? VETA - Yes. SANDERSON - Elwood P. Dowd - this way, Mrs.  Simmons. I'm sorry if I awakened you, Miss  Kelly. 11
2) 77) text: Reacts - babbles on - VETA - To excess? Well don't you call it  excess when a man never lets a day go by  without stepping into some cheap tavern,  bringing home a lot of riff-raff - people  you never heard of? If you don't call that  excess, Doctor, I'm sure I don't know what  excess is. 15
2) 79) text: He writes as she talks - VETA - Well yes, I say definitely Elwood  drinks, and I want him committed out here  permanently because I cannot stand another  day of that Harvey. Don't you think it  would have been a little bit kinder of  mother if she'd written us about him,  Doctor - now be honest, don't you?  SANDERSON - Well - I really couldn't  answer that question. VETA - Well I can - yes it certainly would  have.  SANDERSON - Yes. Now - uh - this person  that you call - uh - Harvey-- 17
2) 80) text: SANDERSON O.S. -- now who is he? VETA - He's a rabbit. 18
2) 82) text: Almost sobs as she speaks - SANDERSON O.S. -- your brother picked up  in one of these bars? VETA - Doctor, I've been telling you -  Harvey is a rabbit. A big white rabbit -  six feet high -- or is it six feet, three  and a half - heaven knows I ought to  know, he's been around the house long  enough. 20
2) 83) text: Looks off - puzzled - concerned - SANDERSON - Mrs. Simmons, if I'm not  mistaken, you -- VETA O.S. - Doctor, don't you understand?  The rabbit's name is "Harvey."  21
2) 84) text: Seated by desk - camera tilts up as she stands - walks to b.g. - camera pans as she turns to f.g. - talks - upset - VETA - Harvey lives at our house. Elwood  buys theater tickets - and railroad  tickets for both of them. He's -- 22
2) 85) text: Deeply interested in the case - VETA O.S. --lost interest in everything  else. 23
2) 86) text: Walks to corner by door - turns to f.g. - despairing - turns to corner & sobs - VETA - (SOBS) And here I am trying to get  Myrtle Mae started with a nice group of  young people! (SOBS) 24
2) 87) text: Presses button on desk - VETA O.S. - That's my daughter. (SOBS) 25
2) 90) text: SANDERSON - Miss Kelly? Miss Kelly?  Wilson? Wilson! Uh - now don't you move,  Mrs. Simmons. You just sit there and make  yourself comfortable - I'll only be a  minute. VETA - Yes. 26
2) 91) text: As he runs out of his office & to b.g. in foyer - calls - exits up stairs b.g. as taxi driver comes on f.g. - stops - looks around - calls - camera pans & dollies as he crosses to door of Sanderson's office & speaks to Veta seated b.g. - she comes forward - camera pans & dollies as they cross & exit thru glass doors as Sanderson runs to b.g. - looks around - dashes forward - Wilson sounds two alarms - camera swings back & forth on Sanderson & Wilson - Sanderson exits to side into his office as Wilson dashes across & starts out front entrance door - SANDERSON - Wilson? Wilson! CAB DRIVER - Hello! Oh, lady! You told me  to keep an eye on that fellow, but a big  guy in a white coat came along, and -- VETA - Well, that's quite all right. You  just wait. CAB DRIVER - Do you want I should do  something about his suitcase? VETA - Oh - Elwood's things. Yes. Well,  I'd better come get them I guess. He might  need them. Oh dear it would be awful if he  should get hurt and... SANDERSON - She picked a fine time to  leave her desk just when I've got a new  patient in my office. Mrs. Simmons - Mrs.  Simmons! Sound the gong, Wilson. That poor  woman mustn't leave the grounds. WILSON - Made a getaway, huh, Doc?  SANDERSON - Her condition is serious. Go  after her and take her to Thirteen Upper  West R!  WILSON - Yeah, right! 27
2) 94) text: Veta leaning over, picking flowers - stands with bouquet as Wilson comes on b.g. - speaks to her - camera moves in close as he steps to her - takes her by arm - she pounds him with  her purse - screams - WILSON - Hello, sweetheart. Well, well.  Those for me? VETA - For you? I should say not. They're  for my brother Elwood. He's devoted to  ranunculus. WILSON - Sure. Well, wouldn't you like to  come inside and pick some -- off the  wallpaper? VETA - Well - no thank you - these will do  nicely. Good day. WILSON - Lady - come, lady. VETA - Now, really, I -- WILSON - There's a man inside wants to  talk to you. VETA - No! I - I don't - no! WILSON - Now - VETA - No! You let me go! Help! (SCREAMS)  Help! Police! Police! WILSON - Now what do we want with the  police, love-boat? VETA - Police! WILSON - They're no fun! 29
2) 96) dialog: WILSON --have to pick you up and carry you.
2) 97) dialog: 
2) 101) text: Carrying Veta - coming thru glass doors to f.g. - camera pans as he steps to heavy door with glass window at top - walks to b.g. into room & sets Veta down o.s. - he rushes forward & closes door - camera moves in close as Veta comes on behind door & frantically motions to Wilson - he exits side - she  pounds on glass & yells but her voice is inaudible thru thick glass  window - VETA YELLS AD LIB - Judge Gaffney -  somebody - anybody! 31
3) 7) text: SANDERSON - Best thing in the long run.  You know, people are people, no matter  where you go. ELWOOD - That is very often the case. SANDERSON - And being human are therefore  liable to mistakes. Now, Miss Kelly and I  - we've made a mistake here this afternoon  and - and we'd like to explain it to you.  You see, the truth is that -- ELWOOD - You - you and Miss Kelly here? SANDERSON - Yes. ELWOOD - Out here - this afternoon? SANDERSON - Yes, Mr. Dowd. We hope you'll  understand.  ELWOOD - Oh, yes - yes! I - these things  are often the basis of a very long, warm  friendship. KELLY - It wasn't Dr. Sanderson's fault,  Mr. Dowd, it was mine. SANDERSON - Oh, no - the responsibility is  all mine. ELWOOD - Well, your attitude may be old- fashioned, Doctor, but I like it. Like it  very much. SANDERSON - Of course, if I had seen your  sister first - this would've been an  entirely different story. ELWOOD - Well, now - there you surprise  me. I think the world and all of Veta, but  I had supposed she'd seen her day.  SANDERSON - Oh, you mustn't attach too  much blame to her, Mr. Dowd. You see,  she's a very sick woman. Why, she came in  here insisting that you needed treatment.  Now, that's - that's perfectly ridiculous. ELWOOD - Oh, well, Veta shouldn't be upset  about me. I get along fine.  SANDERSON - She was extremely upset and  plunged right away into a heated tirade  about your drink- -- 11
3) 8) text: Smiles knowingly & slyly at Harvey - speaks - SANDERSON O.S. -- -ing.  ELWOOD - Ahhh, that was Veta! I - I tell  Veta not to worry about that. I - I'll -  I'll take care of that. 12
3) 43) text: Pleased - leans over as he talks - ELWOOD - Yes. He's also very fond of my  sister, Veta - but Veta doesn't seem to  care for Harvey. Now don't you think  that's rather too bad, Mrs. Chumley? 12
3) 70) text: Come forward to desk & telephone -  Myrtle looks in directory for  number - they talk - excited - camera pans as they turn to b.g. to see Veta staggering down hall to f.g. - clothes disorderly - hat on crooked - a sad figure - Myrtle & Judge start toward Veta - MYRTLE - All she had to do was have Uncle  Elwood locked up. JUDGE - Maybe that's it. You know I feel  bad about havin' Elwood locked up. I  always liked that boy. He coulda done  anything - been anything - made a place  for himself in the community.
3) 71) text: MYRTLE - And all he did was get a big  rabbit.  JUDGE - Yeah, I know. He's had that rabbit  up in my office many a time. I'm old but I  don't miss much. MYRTLE - What's the name of this place?  Chumley's what? JUDGE - Ah - Chumley's Rest. Yeah - Elwood  had everything - brains - personality and  friends - men liked him - women liked him  - I liked him. MYRTLE - Women liked him? Uncle Elwood!?  Mother! VETA - Myrtle! JUDGE - Veta Louise! VETA - Oh - oh. 6
3) 72) text: As Myrtle & Judge rush from f.g. to her - camera dollies back as they help Veta into chair in library - Veta complaining bitterly - takes off hat - talks incessantly - Judge & Myrtle listen - concerned - Veta drops head & sobs - camera tilts up as Judge straightens - tilts down as he leans down to speak to Veta - camera pans as Myrtle stands & crosses in from of Judge & around behind Veta's chair - VETA - Oh - oh ... JUDGE - What's wrong, girl? VETA - I thought I'd never see either of  you again.  MYRTLE - Oh take hold of her, Judge - she  looks like she's going to faint.  VETA - Oh not so fast. MYRTLE - Now you're all right. You know  you're all right. JUDGE - Don't rush her, Myrtle. Ease her  in. VETA - Just get me where I can sit down.  Somewhere - let me sit down somewhere. MYRTLE - Over here. JUDGE - There you are, girl. Get her some  tea.  MYRTLE - I'll get you some tea.  JUDGE - You want some tea, Veta? VETA - Oh, no - I don't want any tea. Oh!  The minute their backs were turned I ran  like a frightened rabbit - I -- oh! I  didn't mean to say that. I - I don't know  what I'm saying. Just let me sit here -  let me get my breath.  MYRTLE - Now let her get her breath. Yes,  Mother? VETA - Let me get my breath and then - let  me get upstairs to my own bed where I can  let go. MYRTLE - Mother, what happened to you? VETA - Omar, I want you to sue them. They  put me in and let Elwood out. JUDGE - What's this?
3) 73) text: MYRTLE - Mother! VETA - As I was going down to the taxi cab  to get Elwood's things, this awful man  stepped out - he was a white slaver - I  know he was - he was wearing one of those  white suits - that's how they advertise. MYRTLE - A man? What did he do? VETA - What did he do? He grabbed hold of  me and he took me in there and then he --  (SOBS) Oh-ho-ho. JUDGE - Go on, Veta Louise. Go on, girl.  MYRTLE - Go on, mother. Poor mother. Was  he a young man? JUDGE - Myrtle Mae, perhaps you'd better  leave the room.  MYRTLE - Now? I should say not! Go on,  mother.  JUDGE - Well what did he do, Veta?  VETA - He took me upstairs and he tore my  clothes off. (SOBS)  MYRTLE - Oh did you hear that, Judge? Go  on, Mother.  VETA - And then he dumped me down in a tub  of water.  MYRTLE - Oh, for heaven's sake. JUDGE - By Godfrey, I'll sue them for this!  VETA - I always thought that what you were  showed in your face. Don't you believe it,  Judge. Don't you believe it, Myrtle Mae -  that man grabbed hold of me like I was a  woman of the streets - but I fought. I  always said that if a man jumped at me,  I'd fight. Haven't I always said that,  Myrtle Mae? MYRTLE - She's always said that, Judge.  That's what Mother's always told me to do. VETA - Well he hustled me into the  sanitarium and dumped me down in that tub  of water and treated me as though I was  a --
3) 74) text: MYRTLE - A what? VETA - A crazy woman. But he did that just  for spite.  7
3) 75) text: JUDGE - Well, I'll be swizzled. VETA O.S. - And then one of those doc-- 8
3) 76) text: Talks - excitedly - VETA --tors came upstairs and asked me a  lot of questions - all about sex urges and all that filthy stuff. That place ought to  be cleaned up, Judge. You ought to get the  authorities to clean it up.  9
3) 77) text: Judge comes forward & stands by desk back to camera - listens to Veta - turns to f.g. - camera pans & pulls back as he crosses around end of desk and sits at desk f.g., back to camera - Veta stands - Judge exits side around end of desk - camera cranes up closer to Myrtle & Veta as they start toward hall b.g. - Judge enters & moves to them - talk - Veta takes few steps to b.g. - turns & talks, waving her hat with the plume toward Myrtle & Judge Gaffney - VETA - Don't you ever go out there, you  hear me, Myrtle Mae? JUDGE - This stinks to high heaven, girl.  By Godfrey, it stinks. VETA - Judge Gaffney, is that all those  doctors do in places like that? Think  about sex? JUDGE - I don't know. VETA - Because if it is they ought to be  ashamed of themselves. It's all in their  heads anyway. Why don't they get out and  take long walks in the fresh air? Judge  Gaffney walked everywhere for years,  didn't you, Judge? MYRTLE - Didja? JUDGE - I'd better take some notes on  this. You said - one of the doctors came  up to - to talk to you? VETA - Yes - Dr. Sanderson - but don't pay  any attention to anything he says. He's a  liar. Close-set eyes. They're always liars.  Besides I told him something in strictest  confidence and he blabbed it. You can't  trust anyone. MYRTLE - What did you tell him, Mother? VETA - Oh, well I - uh - what difference  does it make? I don't want to - to think  about it. I don't want to talk about it.  (WHIMPERS)
3) 78) text: JUDGE - Anything you told Dr. Sanderson  you can tell us, Veta Louise. This is your  daughter and I'm your lawyer.  VETA - I know which is which - I don't  want to talk about it - I want to sue them  and I want to get upstairs to my own bed.  I should never have tried to do anything  about Elwood - something protects him -  that awful Pooka - MYRTLE - Uh where is Uncle Elwood?  VETA - Well how should I know? They let  him go. They're not interested in men at  places like that--  10
3) 79) text: Camera pans on Veta & Myrtle as they cross to foot of stairs -  Judge comes on to them - talk - Wilson comes in front door b.g. - camera dollies in closer as Veta exits up stairs - Judge confronts Wilson - VETA --you ought to know that, Myrtle Mae.  Don't be so naive.  MYRTLE - Mother, no matter who jumped at  you, we still have to find Uncle Elwood  and lock him up.
3) 80) text: VETA - The next time, you take him, Judge.  Oh, wait till Elwood hears what they did  to me - he won't stand for it. You've got  to sue them, Judge. Myrtle Mae, I hope  that never, never as long as you live a  man tears the clothes off you and sets you  down in a tub of water. (SCREAMS) Ooo!  There he is - there he is now - he's after  me! JUDGE - Stay where you are, young man! 11
3) 81) text: Veta comes on side, ascending stairs to b.g. - hurries up to landing - shouting - VETA - Knock him down, Judge - kick him -  kick him! Don't let him get me! 12
3) 82) text: Myrtle back to camera f.g. watches as Judge & Wilson talk - Judge  dashes off up stairs, exiting - Wilson, cigar in mouth, strides forward near Myrtle - looks around for Elwood - Myrtle stands staring admiringly at Wilson - Wilson exits - Myrtle, dazed, almost exits after  him - JUDGE - Veta, please - I want you to  confront this man with your charges. WILSON - Hey I don't want no part of that  wacky dame - I'm lookin' for that other  screwball. He's gotta go back to Chumley's  Rest. VETA O.S. - Kick him, Judge. JUDGE - Veta! Did you hear that? (O.S.) Did you hear that, Veta? WILSON - Where is he? (O.S.) Where is this  guy, Elwood-- 13
3) 87) text: Camera pans as Elwood crosses & sets picture down - comes forward & dials number - straightens  up - waits - remembers - leans over & dials the last digit -  speaks into phone - camera dollies closer - he hangs up phone - turns to picture b.g. - removes paper disclosing portrait of himself with Harvey, the white rabbit, standing back of him, one paw affectionately draped over Elwood's shoulder - Elwood holds portrait before him - pleased - sets it up on mantel obscuring portrait of Veta's mother already hanging over fireplace - camera tilts down as Elwood takes wrapping paper from sofa - camera dollies after him as he goes toward hall b.g. - ELWOOD - Charlie's Place? Oh, Mr. Cracker.  Uh, Mr. Cracker, this is Elwood P. Dowd  speaking - uh - tell me - have you seen  Harvey? Uh-huh. Well, don't worry, I'll  find him. And Mr. Cracker, I'm  entertaining some friends down there  tonight at ten o'clock. May I have my  regular booth? Oh, fine, thank you.  Good-bye.  17
3) 94) text: Munching sandwich as he stands near front door - throws kiss off to f.g. - camera pans as he crosses hastily to door - Myrtle runs on past camera - as Wilson reaches door Chumley comes forward from porch b.g. - confronts Wilson - raves at him - camera pulls back as Chumley removes hat & walks forward, wiping his brow with handkerchief - Myrtle starts after Wilson - turns & runs forward to Chumley - agitated - almost hysterical - camera pulls back as Chumley comes forward to Judge  Gaffney who comes on from side down hall stairs - Myrtle comes forward & stands back of the two as they talk - camera dollies up as Judge & others turn to b.g. - Judge picks up hat & coat - goes to b.g. - camera pans as Chumley follows - talk - Judge exits thru door - Chumley comes forward - Myrtle yanks at his arm - stops him short - he reacts - she stares straight at him - they both look off & up - WILSON - I'll see you tomorrow, Myrtle -  out at the nut house. MYRTLE - But, Marvin, you didn't finish  your sandwich and... CHUMLEY - Wilson! What happened to you? WILSON - He's not here, Doctor. CHUMLEY - Then what are you doing here? WILSON - Well I was just havin' a little  fun -- CHUMLEY - What are you eating? WILSON - An egg and onion sandwich. CHUMLEY - How could you think of food at a  time like this? Get over to the Union  Station. I'm told this fellow Dowd goes  down there to watch trains. WILSON - Yeah all right, Doctor. MYRTLE - Well, Marvin -- Why did you send  him away? Oh gee, some people can certainly  pick the best times to keep other people  from becoming acquainted. CHUMLEY - Now, now, now, my dear - oh,  Judge Gaffney - JUDGE O.S. - Chumley - just the man I  want to see. (ON SCENE) Mrs. Simmons has  just retained me to file suit against you.  CHUMLEY - You know I've been searching --  file suit? JUDGE - I'm on my way to the office to  draw up the necessary papers. CHUMLEY - Judge Gaffney, what happened  this afternoon was an unfortunate  mistake, but I've dismissed my assistant -- JUDGE - We shall see what we shall see. CHUMLEY - Now please - there must be some  way ... JUDGE - You'll hear from me in the morning.  Good-bye. CHUMLEY - But surely, Judge, there-- this  is most unfortunate - most unfortunate. VETA O.S. - Oh, Judge Gaffney! 4
3) 95) text: Myrtle & Chumley f.g. looking up as Veta descends stairs to f.g. - camera pans on her as she comes down - speaks to Chumley - he goes to b.g. down hall - Myrtle exits side - Chumley stops - turns to f.g. - comes forward to talk to Veta - she moves out of f.g. - exits - Chumley follows - VETA - Judge Gaffney, I want -- why you're  not Judge Gaffney - oh you have much more  hair than he does - besides I never forget  a face. CHUMLEY - I'm Doctor Chumley - you're Mrs.  Simmons, of course. VETA - Oh, yes, of course. I'm glad to  know you, Dr. Chumley. Uh would you mind  asking - uh - Judge Gaffney to come back  here please. CHUMLEY - Why certainly - certainly. VETA - I wanted to tell him to sue you for  a hundred thousand dollars. I don't think  fifty thousand is enough. CHUMLEY (CLEARS THROAT) - Uh, Mrs. Simmons,  can't we talk this matter over? VETA - After what happened to me today -  in the bathtub, and everything, I don't  want to talk it over. CHUMLEY - Well, then, will you please just  listen? 5
3) 96) text: In door to library - camera pans as they cross toward f.g. - she answers telephone - picture of Elwood & Harvey over mantel -  Chumley reacts as he looks at it -  Veta hangs up - Chumley motions to picture - she speaks of it without looking to b.g. - then turns to b.g. - reacts at what she sees - camera pans & dollies up as she nearly faints - Chumley helps her to sofa - she points at the picture over the mantel - Chumley answers phone - holds hand over mouthpiece - motions to Veta - she gets up & comes forward to phone - speaks - Chumley leans over to hear what he can - VETA - I don't want to listen to you -  I'm suing you. CHUMLEY - Mrs. Simmons, please listen to  me. I beg of you. VETA - Oh well I'll listen - all right -  but I'm warning you, it won't do you any  good. Hello. Oh no I am not listening to  my radio. I am listening to Dr. Chumley.  I just told him so. CHUMLEY - Mrs. Simmons! Uh - that picture  over the mantel. VETA - That portrait of my mother, Doctor,  happens to be the pride of this house.  CHUMLEY - Who painted it? VETA - Oh, some man - I forget his name -  he was around here for the sittings, and  then we paid him and he went away. CHUMLEY - Yes, I suppose if you have the  money, you can persuade people to do  anything. VETA - Now, Dr. Chumley -- you brought  this up - you might as well learn  something quickly. I took a course in art  last winter. I learned the difference  between a fine oil painting and a  mechanical thing - like a photograph. The  photograph shows only the reality. The  painting shows not only the reality, but  the dream behind it. It's our dreams,  Doctor, that carry us on. They separate  us from the beasts - I wouldn't want to  go on living if I thought it was all just  eating and sleeping and taking my clothes  off - I mean putting them on. Oh - oo-oo!  Oh, Doctor! CHUMLEY - Mrs. Simmons - steady now -
3) 97) dialog: CHUMLEY - Steady - don't get excited.  Everything's going to be all right.  What's the matter? VETA - Doctor - that is not my mother. CHUMLEY - Oh - I'm very glad to hear that.
3) 98) text: VETA - Elwood's been here. He's been here,  Doctor.  CHUMLEY - Now, now, now. Better be quiet.  VETA - Oh! (MOANS) CHUMLEY - I'll take it. Hello - yes, yes.  Who's calling? (INDISTINCT) It's your  brother. VETA - Let me talk to him. CHUMLEY - Yes - well, now - be careful.  Don't let him know that I'm here. Be  casual. VETA - No, I won't - yes - yes, I'll be  casual. Yes, yes. Hello, Elwood. Where are  you, dear? 6
3) 101) text: She holds phone down - speaks to Chumley - speaks into phone - holds  phone down - speaks to Chumley -  he turns away - comes back as Veta speaks into phone again -  VETA - He won't say where he is. He wants  to know if Harvey is here.  CHUMLEY - Tell him Harvey is here. 
3) 102) text: VETA - Oh but he isn't.
3) 103) text: CHUMLEY - I know that, but pretend he is -  say he is - we've got to humor him. VETA - All right - hello, Elwood - yes,  dear. Harvey's here. Why don't you come  home? It won't work - he wants us to  call Harvey to the telephone.
3) 104) text: CHUMLEY - Well - uh - say Harvey's here,  but he can't come to the phone because  he's in the bathtub.  VETA - Oh, Doctor! CHUMLEY - We've got to do it, Mrs. Simmons. VETA - El-Elwood - yes, dear. Harvey is  here but he can't come to the telephone.  He's in the bathtub. I'll send him over as  soon as he's dry. Where are you, dear? 8
3) 107) text: She hangs up the phone - they talk - camera pans & dollies as they cross to hall - Chumley goes to b.g. - turns & speaks to Veta - he exits - she calls up stairs - walks forward - reacts - walks forward into library - VETA - He says that Harvey just walked  thru the door. It must be a stranger in  the bathtub, but I know where he is - he's  at Charlie's Bar - that's a bar over at  Twelfth and Main.  CHUMLEY - Twelfth and Main - that's two  over and one down, isn't it? VETA - Yes. Where are you going, Doctor? CHUMLEY - I'm going over to get your  brother and bring him back and take him to  the sanitarium where he belongs. I want  to observe the expression on his face when  he talks to this rabbit. He does talk to  the rabbit you say?  VETA - Oh, they tell each other everything.  CHUMLEY - Good - what? VETA - I said, yes, he talks to him, but,  Doctor-- CHUMLEY - Oh. VETA --don't go out there. You'll regret  it if you do. CHUMLEY - Nonsense, Mrs. Simmons. You  underestimate me. VETA - No, no - you underestimate my brother. 
3) 108) text: CHUMLEY - Don't worry - I can handle him. VETA - You can handle him - that's what you  think. Myrtle Mae - see who the stranger is  in the bathtub! Oh!
6) 122) text: Camera tilts up as Elwood & Chumley rise - camera pans & dollies in as they move to desk - stop - talk - Chumley moves around before Elwood as he starts toward door - camera pans - Elwood reacts as Chumley talks - moves around behind Elwood - comes forward to Elwood - astounded - stands with back to camera - camera dollies  in - Elwood gentle & undisturbed  - explains - react to beam of  lights flashing across room from  outside - ELWOOD -- Doctor, I want to say good-bye  to some of my friends before I leave. CHUMLEY - Mr. Dowd, none of those people  are your friends -- but I want you to know  that I am your friend.  ELWOOD - Well, thank you, Doctor. And I'm  yours. CHUMLEY - They underestimate you - as I  did. This sister of yours is at the bottom  of a conspiracy against you! She's trying  to persuade me to lock you up. Today she  had commitment papers drawn up. She has  your power of attorney and the key to  your safety box! And she brought you   here! ELWOOD - My sister did all that in one  afternoon? That Veta certainly is a  whirlwind, isn't she? CHUMLEY - Good heavens, man! Haven't you  any righteous indignation?!  ELWOOD - Oh, Doctor, I - I - (STAMMERS)  Years ago, my mother used to say to me --  she'd say, 'In this world, Elwood, you  must be --' She always called me Elwood.  'In this world, Elwood, you must be oh,  so smart or oh, so pleasant.' Well, for  years I was smart. I recommend pleasant.  And you may quote me. 8 
6) 126) text: As driver steps out & opens door  of tonneau - Judge & Myrtle get  out - Judge stops Veta as she  starts to get out of cab - talk - Judge exits up steps past camera  - Myrtle exits after him - camera tilts up & pans as driver  hurries up steps - stops - he  turns & moves down steps to Veta -
6) 129) text: VETA - I'll come--
6) 130) text: JUDGE - You wait right here, Veta, girl.
6) 131) text: VETA - I will not wait here!  I'm going in  with you!
6) 132) text: JUDGE - You're a very high-strung girl.  This may be an ordeal. VETA - Well, then let Myrtle Mae stay here,  too!
6) 135) text: VETA - You see, Omar? Even strangers think  I should go in with you! 10
6) 136) text: Standing in reception room - turn as Judge & Myrtle rush in from side - Kelly moves toward them - talk - Judge comes forward to her - Myrtle moves toward b.g. & peers around - Veta comes in from side - comes forward - talk - she whispers  to Judge as Sanderson walks  toward b.g. & picks up suitcase - comes forward to Judge - camera  dollies in closer -
6) 141) text: VETA - Ooh, good!  Nobody here but people! MYRTLE - Mother, you promised you'd wait  in the car!
6) 142) text: VETA - You forgot your Uncle Elwood's  bathrobe. Well, why are you all standing  around?  I thought you'd be committing --  Oh, how do you do, Doctor? SANDERSON - Hello, Mrs. Simmons.
6) 143) text: VETA -- committing Elwood. Look, he's  the one I told you about. The eyes!
6) 146) text: VETA - Better, thank you. SANDERSON - Well, in my opinion, Elwood P.  Dowd is suffering from a third degree  hallucination, and --
6) 148) text: Sanderson, Veta & Judge f.g. - Myrtle b.g. - talk - Myrtle comes  forward - Kelly comes on from side  talk - Myrtle turns to b.g.  reacts as she sees Wilson come  on from b.g. - Myrtle rushes toward  him - stops as Veta screams  & dashes after her - pulls Myrtle  forward - camera pans as Sanderson  crosses past Judge & Kelly to  door, carrying suitcase - camera  moves in as they talk - Kelly  hurries off scene -
6) 152) text: VETA - Yes! If he won't see the rabbit any more, give it to him!  Then when Harvey  comes to the door, I'll deal with him!
6) 154) text: VETA - Myrtle Mae, you have a lot to  learn, and I hope you never learn it. 
6) 157) text: VETA - Oh, Myrtle Mae, you come back here!
6) 159) text: VETA - The idea of that terrible man --  (AD LIBS)
6) 171) text: ELWOOD - Oh. Well, well - thank you,  Veta.
6) 184) text: Puts overcoat on table - camera pans & pulls back as he crosses to Elwood & others - talk - serious - Elwood refuses gently - camera dollies in close as Veta moves  in close to Elwood - pleads - close to tears - Myrtle comes on in b.g. as Veta carries on - camera pans as Veta turns & goes to pillar b.g. - leans against it as she sobs & talks - Elwood follows her - disturbed & helpless -  SANDERSON - Mr. Dowd, I have a formula -  Nine-seven-seven - that will be good for  you. Will you take it?  ELWOOD - Nine-seven-seven? SANDERSON - Yes - it's a serum. ELWOOD - Oh. JUDGE - You won't see this rabbit any more. 
6) 186) text: ELWOOD - Un-hun. Well - Doctor, I - if you  thought of this, I'm sure it must be a  very fine thing. And uh - if I happen to  run into anyone who needs it, I'd be  glad to recommend it. But, as for myself,  I don't think I'd care for it. VETA - You hear that, Judge? You hear  that, Doctor? That's what we have to put  up with. ELWOOD - Well, Veta, do you want me to  take this? VETA - Oh, Elwood, I'm only thinking of  you. You're my brother and I've known you  for years. I'd do anything for you. Harvey  wouldn't do anything for you. He's making  a fool of you, Elwood. Don't be a fool.  ELWOOD - Oh, I won't.
6) 187) text: VETA - Why, you could amount to something.  You could be sitting on the Western Slope  Water Board right now if you'd only go  over and ask them! ELWOOD - Well, Veta, if that's what you  want, well, Harvey and I'll go over there  tomorrow and ask them. VETA - Tomorrow! I wish there might never  be another tomorrow! Not if Myrtle Mae and  I have to go on living with that rabbit!  Our friends never come to see us any more!  We have no social life whatever! We've no  life at all! (SOBS) We're both perfectly  miserable! (SOBS) ELWOOD - Veta -- VETA - (SOBS) But perhaps you don't care!  (SOBS)
6) 188) text: ELWOOD - All right, now, Veta -- 18
6) 190) dialog: ELWOOD - Veta - I - I - I've always felt  that Veta should have everything she wants,  but I -- Veta, are you sure? VETA - Yes. 19
6) 201) text: Comes to f.g. thru doors - camera pans as he goes to b.g. - camera dollies with him as he walks across to Judge & Veta - talk - Judge searches his pockets - Veta stands and comes forward - begins to unload  purse - CABBY - Oh, there you are. Lady jumped  outta my cab and left without payin' me.  She didn't say anything and a fellah gets  nervous after a while -- JUDGE - Well, there's no cause for  concern, man. How much is it?  CABBY - All the way out here from town?  JUDGE - Yes. CABBY - Two seventy-five. JUDGE - Why - I musta forgot my wallet. I  was dragged outa bed in such a hurry it's a wonder I didn't forget my pants.  (CHUCKLES) Mm - beg your pardon, Veta. Uh  - would you take a check? CABBY - We don't take checks.  JUDGE - Yeah, I know. Would you mind,  Veta? VETA - Oh, of course. Yes, I - uh - well,  I could have sworn I put my coin purse-- 4
6) 202) text: As Veta unloads articles from purse - including several packages of pills, a bottle of  medicine and a teaspoon - camera pulls back to include Veta, cabby & Judge - she upturns purse - shakes it - VETA O.S. AD LIB - Oh dear - oh - the idea!  (ON SCENE) Well, I never! 5
6) 204) text: She puts things into purse - they talk - cabby firm - VETA - Oh I know. I'll get it for you from  my brother, but I can't go into him just  now. He's in there getting an injection.  It won't take long. You'll have to wait. CABBY - You're goin' to get my money from  your brother who's in there gettin' some  of that stuff they shoot out here? VETA - Yes, it'll only take a few minutes.  CABBY - Lady - I want my money now. VETA - I told you it'll only take a few  minutes. We want you to drive us back to  town.
6) 206) text: Talk - camera pulls back as Veta comes forward & crosses to door - knocks - turns & looks off - VETA - Well, of all the pig-headed,  stubborn things-- JUDGE - What's the matter with you? CABBY - Nothing that two seventy-five  won't fix. You heard me. Take it or leave  it. VETA - I never heard of anything so  unreasonable in all my life.  8
6) 207) text: Elwood seated at table opposite him - Kelly b.g. - comes forward & opens door - Veta puts head in - speaks - Elwood hastily puts on  coat - starts thru door - VETA - Oh would you please let my brother  step out here a moment? This cab driver  won't wait. Oh, Elwood. ELWOOD - Eh! I'll be right back. 9
6) 208) text: As Elwood & Veta come out into foyer - camera pans as they cross to cabby - Judge stands b.g. - camera dollies up closer as Elwood crosses to cabby & hands him a  card - points to card - hands card to cabby - talk - Elwood hands money  to cabby - shakes his hand - smiles & points to f.g. - exits past camera - VETA - Elwood, I came off without my coin  purse. Will you give this man two dollars  and seventy-five cents  - but don't give him any more. He's been very rude. ELWOOD - Uh - howdy do - Dowd's my name - Elwood P. CABBY - Mine's Lofgren - E. J. ELWOOD - Oh I'm glad to know you, Mr.  Lofgren. This is my sister, Mrs. Simmons,  and my very good friend Judge Gaffney,  back there.  CABBY - Hi. Hi. VETA - Hi. ELWOOD - I - uh - you lived around here  long, Mr. Lofgren? CABBY - All my life.  ELWOOD - Uh-huh - I see. Enjoy your work? CABBY - It's okay. I been driving for Apex  Cabs for fifteen years - my brother Joe's  been drivin' for the Brown Cabs for pret'  near twelve. ELWOOD - Is - is that so? You drive for  Apex and your brother Joe for Brown's?  Well, that's very interesting, isn't it,  Veta? VETA - Why - yes. ELWOOD - Mr. Lofgren - l-let me give you  one of my cards. Now my sister and my  charming young niece live at that address  with me - uh - wouldn't you and your  brother like to come and have dinner with  us some time? CABBY - Sure - be gladta.
6) 210) text: ELWOOD - Well, tomorrow will be perfect.  And we'll be expecting you and delighted  to see you, won't we, Veta? VETA - Oh, Elwood, I'm sure this man has  friends of his own.  ELWOOD - Uh, one can't have too many  friends.  VETA - Don't keep the doctor waiting, dear.  It's rude.  ELWOOD - Eh - here you are - uh - keep the  change. And I'm glad to have met you, Mr.  Lofgren, and I'll expect you and your  brother tomorrow night. Now you'll have to  excuse me - I - I - uh - 10
6) 211) text: Judge b.g. - camera pulls back  slightly as cabby walks forward - putting money into pocket - Veta goes to b.g. - cabby stops - turns to b.g. - walks to Veta - camera dollies up after him - they talk - CABBY - A sweet guy! VETA - Certainly - you could just as well  have waited.  CABBY - Oh, no - listen lady, I been  drivin' this route fifteen years. I've  brought 'em out here to get that stuff and  I've drove 'em home after they had it. It  changes them.  VETA - Well, I certainly hope -- 11
6) 212) text: She turns sadly to f.g. - cabby talks to her - she turns to him - he turns away - VETA -- so.
6) 214) text: Camera dollies back as they move forward - Veta interested - he turns to her - VETA - "Afterwards - oh-oh"? - what do you  mean "afterwards oh oh"?  13
6) 215) text: He facing her & camera - speaks - turns to go - camera pans & dollies as he moves to doors - turns to f.g. - speaks - puts on cap & starts to b.g. - CABBY - They crab, crab, crab! They yell  at me - watch the lights - watch the  brakes - watch the intersection. They  scream at me to hurry. They got no faith  - in me or my buggy - yet it's the same  cab - same driver, and we're goin' back  over the very same road. It's no fun -  and no tips. VETA - My brother would have tipped you anyway. He's very generous. He always has  been. CABBY - Not after this he won't be. After  this, he'll be a perfectly normal human  bein' - and you know what stinkers they  are. Glad I met ya - I'll wait. 14
6) 217) text: VETA - I don't want him to have it - I  don't like people like that-- JUDGE - Now, now-- Veta -- VETA -- I don't want my brother to be  like that.  JUDGE --oh, now-- VETA - Elwood - oh - you haven't given  him the injection already, have you? SANDERSON - No, but we're all ready, Mrs.  Simmons. VETA - Oh, Elwood. (SOBS) ELWOOD - Veta! 15
6) 221) dialog: 17
6) 222) text: Holds handkerchief to her nose - reacts as she glances at coin purse  held in other hand - speaks - gets  idea - reacts as she looks down at  purse - VETA SNIVELS - Why - why look at that.  It's my coin purse. It must have been in  there all the time. I could have paid that  cab driver myself. HARVEY! Oh! 18
6) 223) text: Elwood comes forward from b.g.,  putting on coat - camera pans to  include Veta f.g. - Myrtle & Wilson cooing b.g. - jump to attention as Veta speaks - Elwood speaks to  Wilson - Wilson puts arm around  Myrtle - who snuggles near him - Elwood turns to Sanderson & Kelly  speaks - Elwood exits f.g. - camera  pans & dollies as Veta & Myrtle  exit past Elwood who holds door  open for them - Elwood waves his  hat off & exits after the women - Dr. Chumley b.g. at his office  door slowly moves forward -  interested -
6) 224) text: ELWOOD - Huh - thank you, doctor. VETA - Oh! Myrtle Mae and that man!  ELWOOD - Oh they make a beautiful  couple, don't they?  Uh - Mr. Wilson has such a dynamic personality.
6) 225) text: VETA - That - that man!
6) 231) text: WILSON - Well, good-bye, Mrs. Simmons.  I'll see you tomorrow night.  VETA - Yes. Good-bye, Mr. Wilson. Myrtle  Mae. 19 
6) 234) text: VETA - Come, Myrtle Mae. Now please try to (O.S.) forget all about that dreadful  Mr. Wilson.
6) 248) text: Veta & Myrtle waiting for Elwood - gatekeeper b.g. at control - Elwood comes forward from b.g. - camera pans slightly as two women exit f.g. - gates close - Elwood turns to speak to gatekeeper - drops head somberly & starts away to f.g. - stops suddenly  - brightens - turns & speaks  to Harvey behind bars of gates -  gates open - by Elwood's movements  we know Harvey has come forward to  him - Elwood happy - puts hands in  pockets - speaks jovially - starts forward -
6) 249) text: VETA - Now where is Elwood?  Elwood,  we've been waiting for you.
6) 250) text: ELWOOD - I'm sorry, Veta.
6) 251) text: VETA -  We've lost the car - the judge took it - we'll have to go down to the  corner and wait for a bus.  Hurry up,  dear. 
6) 255) text: Back to camera - Veta & Myrtle in far b.g. walking over rise of ground to b.g. - Elwood & Harvey walk slowly to b.g. - Elwood looks at Harvey from time to time - two women exit b.g. - Elwood puts arm around Harvey & they change positions  - Elwood puts hands in pockets  and they continue on to b.g. - words come on over scene as gates to  sanitarium close in f.g. -
6) 285) text: Other women partly seen b.g. - words over scene - Josephine Hull as Veta Louise Simmons