44) 0) text: We hear a muffled argument between Matt and Jeannie comin from inside their apartment. Then the door opens and Matt holding Jeannie by the hand, moves down the hall to the n door and knocks. (NOTE: Jeannie is dressed in layers of v clothing--some of the layers play clothes, some fit for a coronation. She is a pocket contemporary Annie Hall... he style so much her own it transcends judgement. Her hair i unkempt. The door opens revealing Lucy, an Hispanic woman her mid-30s.
44) 2) dialog: Hello. (seeing Jeannie, turns  warmer) ...Who are you?
44) 6) dialog: I'm Lucy Crisala... What's your name?
44) 9) text: The form of the conversation is forged. Jeannie not answe anything. Matt bending over to Jeannie while he forms her answers to Lucy.
44) 10) dialog: I have a little girl too.
44) 12) dialog: She's four and a half and I have a  little boy who is not yet one year.
44) 14) dialog: (interrupting) What can I do for you?
44) 16) dialog: Well, I'm always here. I could maybe  do it myself.
44) 18) dialog: Wait. Jeannie, why don't you come in  for a minute and meet Ricky and Essa.  Come on, we're making fruit bars.
44) 20) dialog: (again, to Matt) Why don't you leave her for a while  and then we talk.
44) 22) dialog: We'll just see how it works.
47) 0) text: The sound of screaming now louder. He walks to Lucy's doo takes a breath and knocks. The door opens and Lucy stands there looking rattled.
47) 2) dialog: Could I have her a little bit longer?  My little boy just fell and Jeannie  is the only one he let hold him.
47) 5) text: Lucy, confused by his buoyant reaction, nods.
47) 6) dialog: Okay. Seven dollars an hour?
47) 8) text: He tries to kiss her, but she shuns him. Lucy, now having official status, turns to admonish her.
50) 0) text: As he carries an enormously resistant Jeannie, wearing a  borrowed T-shirt nightie, back towards his apartment... M has Jeannie under one arm--her clothes and shoes in anoth Jeannie's arms are extended towards Lucy, who stands in t open doorway of her apartment. She begins thrashing. Gian tears come--the moment is operatic.
50) 3) dialog: Listen to me, Jeannie...
50) 9) text: Jeannie wriggles away towards Lucy's doorway. Lucy takes  several steps toward Matt, who obviously fears the loomin exchange.
50) 10) dialog: I no think you can give her what  pleases when she act like this...  Because then she think...
56) 0) text: As he leads Jeannie briskly down the hall from Lucy's  apartment and into his own.