21) 1) text: Our first view of NAN MULHANNEY; middle-aged and pragmati yet extraordinarily naive. She's a scientist of sorts-- monitoring the tastes and feelings of Americans, first in Washington and now here. Though she just had a very rough hour or so, she bends down to smile at Burke.
24) 1) dialog: We're 34 minutes late. The studio is  appropriately wild... people are  beginning to leave... but I knew how  upset you'd be if we started without  you.
24) 3) text: But he pays her no mind as MUSIC CONTINUES and he moves  towards the line. Nan approaches the car.
24) 4) dialog: How is he tonight?
24) 6) dialog: Well, how would you say he is, anyway?
25) 0) text: Nan is addressing the audience from down front.
25) 1) dialog: The name of the picture you'll be  seeing is 'Ground Zero'... There may  be some scratches... some of the  colors may be off, there are no final  titles, and it has not been finally  mixed for sound, and the music is  temp, that means temporary...
25) 10) text: He moves back to Matt and Nan at the rear of the audience
25) 13) dialog: 
25) 14) dialog: Please, God, let tonight give him  peace.
25) 15) text: Incredibly, Burke turns and gestures to her that the soun of her small voice is interfering with the cacophony of h movie. Nan is clearly stricken by her lapse as she whispe to Matt.
25) 16) dialog: We're short two card-counters, can  you two help out?
27) 1) dialog: Standing with Matt and Cathy. At the sound of the applaus Nan grins and mumbles with a connoisseur's knowledge.
27) 2) dialog: Males, fifteen and under.
27) 7) dialog: If you'll just stay in your seats a  few moments and fill out these cards  for us...
29) 0) text: Burke, prowling the lobby as audience stragglers leave an Studio Execs and Popcorn Development Staff wait. He looks off to see Matt and Nan chatting in another part of the l
29) 2) dialog: How long since you've seen your  daughter?
29) 4) dialog: (suddenly and loudly) Oh, please. It's one thing being a  son-of-a-bitch, but you don't have  to be a stupid son-of-a-bitch. People  move heaven and earth to see their  kids. I don't care if she moved to  Pluto, it's abandonment.
29) 6) dialog: (realizing) Oh. Sorry.
29) 8) dialog: It wouldn't mean anything.
29) 16) text: The Group Captain approaches and hands Nan a sheet.
29) 23) dialog: Burke, ninety in the top two boxes.
30) 12) text: She smiles and is gone, staggering a bit under the weight her scripts. Matt looks after her. Burke and Nan approach
30) 14) dialog: No.
30) 16) dialog: The definite recommends are way off  for a score this high and, even for  action-adventure, it's just too low  for women. (Burke looks anguished) I'm sorry.
30) 19) dialog: (extraordinarily  sympathetic) I know... And, unfortunately,  yesterday's tracking wasn't... (he reacts) I'm sorry... They just don't seem in  the mood for action-adventure right... (he reacts) Sorry... May I tell you one more  thing? (he looks up in  anticipatory fear) I think it's so wonderful that you  don't worry about even trying to act  strong.
30) 21) dialog: I'm, uh... I'm blushing from head to  foot.
31) 0) text: Burke and Nan returning from lunch.
31) 1) dialog: So, thanks for lunch. I hope this  leads to an evening date. Though I  have to stay home with my daughter,  Leslie, on Saturdays.
31) 3) dialog: I believe you. (sincerely) And I was very surprised what you  were like when you weren't working.  There was absolutely no difference.  You want to see where we do the  tracking?
31) 6) dialog: Nobody ever wants to see how we do  the polling, but they're like little  starved puppies when the data comes  in--running at you, scrambling to...
31) 10) dialog: (soft and true) That's the same way I feel.
31) 14) dialog: Within six-point-eight percent.
31) 16) dialog: No... no... Sometimes just for myself,  I can't resist asking America a  personal question.
31) 18) dialog: (simply) When do you feel more worthless-- mornings or afternoons?
31) 22) dialog: There's something I meant to tell  you. You may have noticed something  unusual about me.
31) 24) dialog: I could never find the right time  to...
31) 26) dialog: Well, maybe not urgent, but  immediately significant and necessary  to tell. (a deep breath) You see, there's these pills...
31) 28) dialog: So long.
36) 0) text: As the two females who bear his name approach. Matt doesn want a pregnant first moment with Jeannie, so he wards of silence with chatter. Unfortunately, he can only think of one word.
42) 0) text: Nan uncertainly enters this decidedly masculine bathroom. She is wearing an evening gown. The sun streams through t lush foliage outside a wall-sized window. MUSIC as she op her purse and removes a pillbox; at one point lightly sin a snatch of lyric concerning the conflicts of being a sin woman and a single mother--this while totally focused on pills.
42) 5) dialog: Monica--is Leslie up yet? Good. I  didn't want you to get worried when  you realized I wasn't there. I'm  still with that man. I'll tell you  about it later. But it's sure nice  to have wobbly legs again. Look,  today's recycling day for Leslie at  school, so give her some empty cans...  well, then dump some out for her!  Tell her I had to leave real early  for work and I'll pick her up at  school myself to make up for it and  we'll rent any cassette she wants  for tonight. Thank you... Take good  care.
43) 3) dialog: No. I just had to call home. Is that  why you're sad?
43) 5) dialog: (fearing worst) What happened?
43) 7) text: Nan is dumbfounded; still she puts a hand on him, actuall consoling him for his hideous thought--Hollywood lovers: wrapped up with ill thoughts of others; she, feeling inti yet severely compromised. Cupid's work is done.
43) 9) dialog: No. That's just you correctly  assessing the situation. So stop  being so hard on yourself.
49) 0) text: Where we discover the SOURCE OF THE SOUND. Some twenty ca counters on the floor riffling through stacks of cards wi erasers. Matt and Nan stand in the doorway.
49) 1) dialog: Don't worry. My daughter used to  throw fits in supermarkets when we  first moved here. It's all so  perfectly normal. Plus I know a great  psychiatric children's group.
49) 3) dialog: Well, she's lucky to have a daddy  who cares, believe me.
49) 5) dialog: Oh, my. I've had exactly that feeling  and never said it out loud. See,  there are men who talk my language  and I'm just cursed that I'm not  attracted to them because they are  so nice they remind me of myself.
49) 15) text: The Group Captain notes the figure on a sheet, walks to t doorway and hands it to Nan, who is still deep into  conversation with Matt. She begins walking back to the th without looking at the sheet in her hand.
49) 16) dialog: I felt terrible about the way I blew  up at you when I first met you. (before he can object) Please.
49) 19) dialog: I began taking anti-depressants when  we moved here from Washington. I had  some small reactions--sleeping 14  hours, no libido, I gained 17 pounds  in nine days--that sort of thing. So  they gave me pills to deal with the  side effects. And then pills to deal  with the side effects I was getting  from those pills. All this besides  the stuff the nutritionist was giving  me. The combination formed some sort  of potion so that I keep telling the  truth. I don't have a choice. That's  why I was so rude to you.
49) 21) dialog: Oh, yes. He's excited, but only  because he sees glory for himself in  it... See, ordinarily I wouldn't say  that about my doctor, but I can't  help it, it's the truth. He's  monitoring me for a while longer  before writing it up for this medical  journal...
49) 24) dialog: Coming.
49) 28) text: Nan looks down at the score.
49) 29) dialog: Oh, my. Matt, I'd better drive him  myself.
49) 37) text: She kisses his cheek and leaves. A beat of silence... Bur turns to Nan.
49) 39) text: Exactly the moment Nan has been waiting for... she does h a valuable observation to offer at this dark moment.
49) 40) dialog: Yes, I can.
49) 42) dialog: It's only a movie.
60) 0) text: A post-coital moment though only the man is visible; Burk who lies on the bed wearing a shirt and tie and nothing e Nan lies out of sight on the floor where she is recoverin from the deepest orgasm of her life.
60) 2) text: Nan hauls herself into view, climbing back onto the bed.
60) 3) dialog: I can't deal with your self-centered  dribble right now. I have just had  the biggest orgasm of my life and  I'm trying to figure out if I'm in  love with you.
60) 5) dialog: Whoops. Tell me what made you rush  over and pick me up and bring me  here at six o'clock. I mean we seem  to have...
60) 7) dialog: (again) ...this unspoken agreement not to  talk about why we're together when  we're together and I don't think  it's good to let that become a pattern  for us.
60) 10) dialog: You're not at all aware that you've  just said something... (her eyes close) ...unattractive?
60) 12) dialog: I'm not looking for an apology.
60) 14) dialog: Let's not make this about your  shortcomings. I'm sure you've had  enough of those conversations to  last you a lifetime. What I'm...
60) 16) dialog: No, you haven't what?
60) 18) dialog: (aghast) No woman has ever told you that you  have an almost barbaric insensitivity?  That you seem to have lapsed into  some final cynicism, where you  actually believe that, not only does  everyone think the way you do, but  only you have the courage to express  it? That you seem horribly certain  everyone else is sort of pretending  when they talk about love or seem to  care for anything outside their own  anus? No one's ever said that sort  of thing to you?
60) 20) dialog: (indignantly) I'm here for the same reason 86  percent of older women loved 'Beauty  and the Beast.' I would like to  believe that underneath the creature,  there is a sweet, caring guy.
60) 22) text: Nan breaks up, shaking her head ruefully.
60) 23) dialog: I have to pick up Leslie.
73) 0) text: The staff of Popcorn Pictures is gathered in the boss' of watching Matt's screentest on projection TV. Burke sits n to Nan on a sofa--Cathy sits in front of him--others in c or on the floor. One ASSISTANT is attempting to "fine tun the color--the TINT BAR GRAPH is on screen sliding betwee and - as the color changes. Burke talks sotto to Nan.
73) 4) dialog: (testy) I'm not going to talk to you during  Matt's screentest.
73) 5) text: Cathy turns in her chair and mouths "thank you" to Nan.
74) 25) text: They file out. Cathy gets up several beats later than the others... and follows them out, avoiding Nan's look.
78) 4) text: Now we HEAR Nan's voice on the speakerphone which Burke h been addressing all along.
84) 0) text: Burke and Nan eating together on an elevated balcony  overlooking the main eating area.
84) 2) dialog: Why do you do this to yourself? Why  do you insist on eating dinner in a  restaurant where you're bound to see  all the people you're afraid of?
84) 4) dialog: What do you call it when you think  that what a group of people think of  you can confirm or destroy any decent  idea you have of yourself?
84) 6) dialog: How did little Jeannie do today?
84) 8) dialog: What I asked was, how did Jeannie  do?
84) 10) dialog: Somebody else. Jeannie. How did she  do?
84) 12) dialog: (really pissed) I want to be treated as if I'm really  saying words to you which you engage  and respond to. I like Matt; I'd  like to know how his daughter did.  So before you take your dance of  desperation across the restaurant  and I end up feeling so sorry for  you that I could die, I would like  you to answer my question.
84) 14) dialog: I'm told that they're not going to  release it...
84) 16) dialog: Forgive me. But telling you about  this latest failure of yours--it  pleases me. I have no idea why.
84) 18) dialog: I think I am. It's just that rooting  for you is a good deal more  complicated than you realize. (as he rises) Don't go.
84) 26) dialog: Yes. I'm sorry I can't talk now. I'm  very upset about what's happening to  Burke, so I just made up my mind I  can't be witness to it anymore if I  love him and I certainly shouldn't  be here if I don't... so I was just  in the process of leaving when he  stopped me and you folks walked in...  I'm sure you've had something like  this happen to you some time... some  horrible thing in your personal life  happening in public.
84) 28) dialog: (again) Thank you for understanding. (to Burke) Goodbye. I wish only good things for  you even though I feel I've been  really damaged by this relationship.
84) 29) text: She exits, enormously upset. Burke, torn between followin her and repairing the social damage. But the couples are  paying him no mind; rather they are impressed with Nan. A they comment, i.e.
85) 0) text: The strains of "Poor Bastards" underscoring the moment as Burke rushes into the parking area and grabs Nan's hand j as a valet brings her car.
85) 1) dialog: You don't understand that I'm  exhausted from hurting. I'm through  with you.
85) 2) text: She begins to cry. Ordinarily this would be a scene which would be unendurable for Burke. However, the lesson of a  moment ago is not lost on him. As people get out of cars witness the sobbing Nan.
97) 2) dialog: You only think you feel that way  because you're on the verge of failure  and you're without a core...
97) 4) dialog: (a beat then) You know I've never hung up on anybody  in my life... because what if the  next thing they said solved  everything... but I must end this  conversation.
97) 5) text: Nan hangs up. Burke picks up a pocket electronic notepad  from the bedstand and hits the scroll button.
107) 0) text: Matt stands waiting for Jeannie. Nan approaches.
107) 1) dialog: It didn't sell.
107) 3) dialog: It's the first time they had me do  cards for a pilot and the demographics  are all wrong for after nine o'clock.  That's their only opening.
107) 5) dialog: Hi. I'm Nan. I'm a good friend of  your Dad's.
107) 7) dialog: (to Jeannie) Yes, and you were wonderful. (aside to Matt) 89 percent likeability. (to Jeannie) And knowing that you were that good  means so much more than the show not  going.
107) 9) dialog: Oh, no. (to Matt) I couldn't help it.
108) 29) dialog: No. (he turns away,  dejected) But I'll dance with you because I  think it will reassure me that I  should have nothing to do with you.
108) 32) dialog: Why are you breathing so heavy?
108) 34) dialog: What do you mean?
108) 37) dialog: ...whose name is?
108) 39) dialog: Okay.