13) 1) text: Charlie finally makes through the crush of badies at the way's velvet ropes and calls to one of the two hulking BO that guard the  door.
52) 1) text: Kellaway exits and walks right past the poster of Tina. F into the poster, with his arm around her, is a cartoon of Mask. The eyes  follow Kellaway as he speaks to TWO COPS guarding the doo
76) 1) text: Bruised, beaten and exhuasted - Stanley's thrown into a s cell. The KEY-GUARD locks the cell up - then walks away.
77) 3) dialog: Wake up. You gotta visitor.
79) 4) text: THE GUARD tunrs up the volume on JEOPARDY, drowning Stanl
82) 4) dialog: 
84) 4) text: The Key-Guard's SNORING in his chair. The chewed leather chain strap is still in his MOUTH. His half-eaten sausage cheese still lies  before him.
84) 7) text: shows Milo the guard, then whispers in the dog's ear.
85) 1) text: Milo trots down the hall and approaches the key-guard's s The dog stares and sniffs at the SNORING man.
86) 10) text: He approaches the guard and stops - staring at the keys d from the man's mouth. Milo jumps up on the desk and bites
86) 12) text: The guard stirs and almost wakes up. Milo freezes. A mome later, the guard starts SNORING again. Milo grabs the key trots back to  Stanley's cell.
90) 5) text: The Guard chokes off a snore and begins to wake up. He se Stanley's cell door standing open and goes for his gun... grasps air.
90) 8) text: puts one hand over his eyes and slams the butt of the gun hard as he can on the Guard's head. THONK. The Guard drop
90) 24) text: Stanley pockets Kellaway's gun while keeping him covered Guard's gun. He pulls the handcuffs from Kellaway's belt begins to  handcuff the two of them together.
95) 4) text: A SECURITY GUARD now pops out from behind a mock-stone pi opens fire on Dorian. BLAM. BLAM. BLAM.
95) 6) text: The spear SKEWERS the Security Guard, sends him flying ba PINS him to a slot machine which immediately rings TILT a spills out  quarters.
101) 2) text: Stanley spots a THUG standing guard outside the kitchen's doors. He ducks back down behind a barrel and gets an ide label on  the barrel reads "Olive Oil".
103) 13) text: plucks the gun from the unconscious Guard and sneaks into casino.