21) 1) text: Small, full of books but very neat. A few cherished anima cels from 1940s cartoons are framed on the wall. As Stanl the door behind  him - he's greeted by MILO, a happy little terrie sized m a big heart.
21) 4) text: Milo gets so excited he starts GAGGING and COUGHING.
21) 7) text: Stanley pats Milo on the rump, crosses his tiny kitchenet heads straight into...
21) 13) dialog: 
21) 20) text: Milo runs it down, leaps up, and makes a perfect catch. H back to the bedroom, and drops it in Stanley's lap.
21) 38) text: Milo does that doggie-head-cocked-sideways "What the hell
21) 51) text: As he buttons up his P.J.s, Stanley notices Milo warily s at the strange Mask, which is still lying on the bedside
21) 54) text: He turns back to the bathroom mirror and slowly raises th to his face. Milo watches apprehensively from beneath the
21) 62) text: He puts the Mask on again - firmly this time. Milo dives the bed as...
29) 45) text: Stanley SLAMS the door and throws his body against it, hi pounding in his chest. Milo gives him that curious  dog-head-cocked-sideways look.
32) 1) text: Milo's ears prick. He leaps up and immediately starts sni around. He pulls a cushion off the sofa and emerges with just as Stanley  comes out, briefcaase in hand.
40) 1) text: CAMERA SLOWLY PANS off of Tina's picture, which is now ta Stanley's dresser mirror... to Stanley himself as he toss turns in a  fitful sleep. Milo lies curled up at the foot of the bed. looks concerned over the little noises Stanley is making sleep.
40) 32) text: Stanley suddenly realizes Milo is licking his ear... and just woken up.
40) 35) text: He pushes Milo away, tosses back the covers and rises out It's still the dead of night and Stanley is all in a huff his dream.
41) 1) text: Stanley is a driven man as he makes his way out onto the ledge. Milo tugs at his pajama leg, but Stanley kicks him and climbs out  over the ledge.
41) 12) dialog: 
42) 1) text: The window suddenly EXPLODES inwards as the whirling Stan tornado bursts into the room. Milo dives for cover.
53) 1) text: Milo GROWLS, Frisbee in mouth. Stanley wakes up with a ma headache and dark rings under his eyes. The Mask, which l the pillow  next to him is taking a greater and greater toll. There's BANGING on the door.
53) 34) text: Milo YAPS and leaps up, trying to open the closet door.
53) 39) text: Milo is back at the closet door. He's just about got it o Stanley turns the detective to the door.
53) 50) text: Kellaway SLAMS the front door, just as the closet door fa -- spilling all the cash. Milo happily snatches his Frisb Stanley sinks back  down on his bed.
71) 1) text: The door is kicked open and two of Dorian's henchmen burs the room. Milo leaps off the couch and scrables behind th curtains. They  yank open the closet door and start scooping the cash int plastic garbage bags.
73) 1) text: Milo peeks out from behind the curtain as the henchmen fi their job. He ducks behind the curtain and looks out the
73) 6) dialog: 
74) 1) text: The henchmen hop in and start the engine. As the car peel into traffic, Milo appears, valiantly racing along the si
76) 5) text: There's a dumpster below the window, overflowing with tra to the trash heap - is MILO. The dog looks up at Stanley happily.  Stanley forces a smile.
76) 8) text: Milo watches Stanley recede back into the cell.
83) 1) text: Just a pile of trash. The dog's gone. Then... a RUSTLE. A blanket moves... and MILO emerges from it - tail waggling sees Stanley.
83) 5) text: Milo gets an idea. He jumps on boxes and trash bags, usin as steps. He climbs higher and higher until he's reached of the  dumpster.
83) 8) text: Milo jumps from the dumpster. He almost reaches the windo falls back down again into the trash heap.
84) 1) text: Stanley gathers Milo up in his arms. The dog licks his fa YELPS joyously. Stanley muzzles him and peeks -
84) 7) text: shows Milo the guard, then whispers in the dog's ear.
84) 10) text: Milo cocks his head at the sound of the word KEYS. He zip through the bars.
85) 1) text: Milo trots down the hall and approaches the key-guard's s The dog stares and sniffs at the SNORING man.
86) 1) text: Milo returns, slipping back into the cell.
86) 9) dialog: 
86) 10) text: He approaches the guard and stops - staring at the keys d from the man's mouth. Milo jumps up on the desk and bites
86) 12) text: The guard stirs and almost wakes up. Milo freezes. A mome later, the guard starts SNORING again. Milo grabs the key trots back to  Stanley's cell.
90) 4) text: Gun in hand, Stanley silently backs away with Milo at his
90) 10) text: Stanley peeks from beneath his hand and regards his work. bad. Milo yips happily.
90) 34) text: Milo immediately jumps inside and Stanley buttons up. He looks like he has a pretty nasty pot belly, but otherwise
92) 9) text: Milo pokes his head up out of Stanley's shirt, but Stanle instantly pushes it back down. Doyle does a double-take w what's wrong  with this picture as they continue their stiff-legged wal the door. Doyle gives an uncertain wave with his half-eat doughnut.
94) 1) text: As it tears through the streets of Edge City with its sir BLARING. Kellaway sits in the rear of the car with his ha cuffed behind his back.  Stanley's at the wheel with Milo at his side. Kellaway is
99) 8) text: As soon as Stanley shuts the door Milo starts pawing at t handle.
105) 1) text: Milo finally manages to pop the lock and the car door ope scurries off towards the casino.
106) 81) dialog: 
106) 89) dialog: 
106) 95) dialog: 
110) 5) text: Milo lets loose a happy "Whoof!" and leaps into Stanley's Stanley removes the mask with a SCHWOOP and Milo transfor into a  regular dog.
110) 39) text: Tina and Milo cling to the floating barrel.
110) 50) text: Tina and Milo watch as the ship blows up. The fireball bu bright, smoke everywhere.
110) 53) text: Beat. Stanley surfaces gasping for breath. Tina pulls him the barrel and Milo licks his face.
111) 7) text: Stanley smiles and puts his arms around Tina. They head d beach. The two young lovers and Milo walk past --