1) 2) dialog: (irritated) They're talking about the Curse again!
1) 3) text: He turns and yells at the Indians in Quechua, his anger g an indication of his own fears. The party reaches a break the canyon wall and takes the trail through it. When they emerge, their destination is revealed to them i the distance. Beyond a thick stand of trees is the vegeta enshrouded TEMPLE OF THE CHACHAPOYAN WARRIORS. The entire party is struck by the sight. The Indians,  terrified now, chatter away. Suddenly the three at the ba turn and run, dropping their packs as they go. Barranca y at the fleeing Indians and pulls his pistol out. He start to raise his arm to aim but Indy restrains it in a muscul grip.
1) 5) text: Barranca looks evilly at Indy's hand upon him. Indy relea him and smiles in a friendly way.
1) 8) dialog: I do not carry supplies.
1) 10) text: He turns back to the trail. Satipo gets the two remaining Indians moving behind Indy. Satipo and Barranca then have fast, silent communication: Barranca indicates his desire slit Indy's throat; Satipo gives him a look that says "Be patient, you idiot".
1) 14) text: The two Indiana jabber in Quechua, near hysteria. Barranc is sweating profusely, eyes darting. He yells at the Indi in Quechua to "shut up". In the undergrowth, there is slithering movement. Indian #1 draws aside a branch and is faced with a horrif stone sculpture of a Chachapoyan demon. The Indian is so  frightened no sound comes out when he screams. He turns a runs silently away. Indian #2 calls to his friend. Getting no response, he st in that direction. A huge macaw, flushed from the undergr screams and flies away. Indian #2 does exactly the same t never to be seen again. Indy, Satipo and Barranca, just clearing the trees, look  back in that direction. They all turn to face the Temple. It is dark and awesome. Vegetation curls from every crevi over each elaborate frieze. The entrance - round, open an black - has been designed to look like open jaws.
1) 18) dialog: (nervous) No one has ever come out of there  alive. Why should we put our faith  in you?
1) 19) text: Indy takes the weird feather from the band of his hat. Fr around its point, he slips a tightly rolled piece of  parchment. Barranca and Satipo exchange a quick "So that' where is was!" look. They all kneel as Indy spreads out t parchment. On it is one-half of a crude floorplan of the  Temple.
1) 21) text: Indy fixes them with an expectant stare. Satipo produces similar, but folded, piece of parchment. He lays it - the other half of the floorplan - next to Indy's. They all re it for a moment, then Indy stands and walks toward the Te Barranca's eyes are shining as they dart between the floo and Satipo.
1) 23) text: Barranca is suddenly on his feet, quietly drawing his pis He raises it toward Indy as Satipo realizes with alarm wh he's doing. Too late. Indy's head turns and he sees Barra Indy's next move is amazing, graceful and fast, yet total unhurried. His right hand slides up under the back of his leather jacket and emerges grasping the handle of a neatl curled bullwhip. With the same fluid move that brings Ind body around to face the Peruvian, the whip uncoils to its full ten foot length and flashes out. The fall of the whip (the unplaited strip at the end of t lash) wraps itself around Barranca's hand and pistol. He  could not drop the gun now if he tried. Indy gives the whip a short pull and Barranca's arm in je down, where it involuntarily discharges the gun into the  dirt. Barranca is amazed, but feels some slack in the whi and immediately raises the gun toward Indy again, cocking with his free hand. Indy's face goes hard. And sad. Indy sweeps his arm in a wide arc. Barranca spins around, enclosed in the whip, his gun hand stuck tight against hi body. Indy gives one more short jerk on the whip handle a Barranca's gun fires. Barranca falls dead. Indy looks quickly at Satipo, who is shocked and frighten He raises his arms in supplication.
1) 25) text: Indy looks him over, then nods. He frees the whip from  Barranca's body and picks up the man. His eyes sweep the  surrounding woods.