3) 1) text: Looming above him are three figures. Two are HOVITOS WARR in full battle paint and loin cloths. They carry long blo guns. But the man in the center draws Indy's attention. H is a tall, impressive white man, dressed in full safari o including pith helmet. His name is EMILE BELLOQ. His face thin, powerful; his eyes hypnotic; his smile charming, ye lethal. His heavily French-accented speech is deep,  mellifluous, wonderful. Back beyond Belloq and his two  escorts, thirty more Hovitos Warriors hover at the edge o the trees.
3) 2) dialog: Dr. Jones, you choose the wrong  friends. This time it will cost you.
3) 3) text: Belloq extends his hand. Indy looks at it, then produces idol and hands it to Belloq. Belloq extends his other han smiling. Indy hands over his gun. Belloq sticks it in his jacket.
3) 4) dialog: And you thought I'd given up.
3) 6) dialog: (smiles) Yes, too bad. You could warn them...  if only you spoke Hovitos.
3) 7) text: With that, Belloq turns dramatically and holds the idol h for all the Hovitos to see and says something in Hovitos. There is a murmur of recognition and all the Indians,  including Belloq's escorts, prostrate themselves upon the ground, heads down. Indy is immediately up and running toward the edge of the clearing.
3) 8) dialog: (in Hovitos) Kill him!
60) 3) text: The Arab Bartender does a take, looking at the three, tou GERMAN HENCHMEN who have surrounded Indy from out of the  smoke, their hands stuffed in bulging trenchcoat pockets. Indy notices them now with a bleary glance. He decides he in no shape to kill or be killed and moves with them acro the room, taking his bottle with him. The Arab patrons ta this in and mind their own business. The occupant of the smoke-shrouded corner table becomes  visible only as Indy reaches there: it is Emile Belloq. H is drinking wine.
60) 5) dialog: Good evening, Dr. Jones.
60) 7) dialog: It was not I who brought the girl  into this dirty business.
60) 9) dialog: Sit down, please, before you fall  down. We can behave as civilized  people. I'm afraid it will be your  last opportunity.
60) 12) dialog: (looking around) These Arabs will not interfere in  the white man's business. They do  not care if we kill each other off. (takes a sip of wine,  refers to it) Terribly difficult finding a decent  vintage here. You were quite vigorous  in Shanghai. Unfortunately, our friend  the Wild Boar had taken the precaution  of making several copies of the piece.
60) 13) text: Indy registers this as he takes a drink. Belloq watches h with disdainful amusement.
60) 14) dialog: How odd that is should end this way  for us, after so many... stimulating  encounters. I almost regret it. Where  shall I find a new adversary so close  to my own level?
60) 16) dialog: I know you despise me. We always  hate in others that which we most  fear in ourselves. And you and I are  very much alike.
60) 18) dialog: We have always done the same kind of  work. Our methods have not differed  as much as you pretend. I am a shadowy  reflection of you. But it would have  taken only a nudge to make you the  same as me, to push you out of the  light.
60) 19) text: There's a certain amount of truth to this; the recognitio of it flickers across Indy's bleary eyes. Belloq sees it  there.
60) 20) dialog: You know it to be true! How nice.  And how ironic the timing.
60) 21) text: Belloq leans forward, eyes shining, voice suddenly differ
60) 22) dialog: Do you realize what the Ark is? (very intense) It's a transmitter. A radio for  talking to God! And now it is within  my grasp.
60) 24) text: Belloq glances into the gloom at the German Henchmen.
60) 25) dialog: (quieter) When the time is right. When I am  finished with it.
60) 27) dialog: Yes. Very. You may consider yourself  fortunate that your involvement  concludes here.
60) 29) dialog: (negative) I was lucky to get away with my life.  The Hovitos proved quite narrow-minded  about the whole matter.
60) 32) dialog: (smiles) You have not changed. But, please,  do not reach for your weapon until  you are ready to die.
60) 38) text: Indy stands up. The German Henchmen and poised. Belloq ey the Arab patrons and signals for the Henchmen to relax.
60) 39) dialog: Next time, Indiana Jones, it will  take more than children to save you.
69) 0) text: Indy is examining the results of Belloq's work. Red paint marks one of the miniature buildings in the layout and a  white calibrated tape has been strung from that building  back to a miniature of the map room. Now Indy begins exam the mosaic base line for the staff. Sunlight has moves fu down across the miniature.
71) 0) text: The moment has arrived. Even the tension of the circumsta cannot distract Indy from the purity of what he is about do. All his calculations are adjustments complete, Indy t the Staff of Ra and places it - CLINK! - in the right  depression on the base line. This is as active and exciti a moment as any archeologist can dream of and, at heart,  that is exactly what Indy is. The sunlight catches the ve top of the headpiece and moves within a fraction of an in of the tiny hole in its sun. The edge of the sunlight moving across the miniature city still a good two feet beyond the spot Belloq has settled And now that line of light is broken by the shadow of an  ornate sun at the top of the staff. Indy's face reflects his concentration. And then his imme pleasure. He sees what he came for. Out of the miniature city, one small building is being li by a tiny beam of sunlight in the center of the shadow of the metal sun. And by some trick of ancient artistry, thi one building responds to the sunlight like none of the ot The golden light permeates it: it seems to glow. The buil is in a direct line with Belloq's - all the Frenchman's o calculations were right - but it is a foot and a half bey it.
73) 0) text: Indy is on his knees at the miniature city, a special tap measure in his hand. Indy has the tape strung from Belloq mistaken spot to his own correct spot. He gets his readin leaps up and crosses to the erect staff. He pulls the  headpiece off the staff and hides it in his robes. He qui breaks the wooden staff in two and throws the pieces behi a pile of debris. Then he moves quickly to beneath the  skylight.
80) 0) text: Belloq, SHLIEMANN the ranking Nazi, and Shliemann's Aide, GOBLER, come into the tent, which is full of charts and m drawings of the Ark, radio equipment, liquor and food. Th men have been out digging for the Well all day. They are  tired, discouraged, testy. In all matters, Gobler shows h alliance with Shliemann against Belloq with small looks a body language. The Frenchman has disappointed them and he feeling the isolation of a scapegoat. Belloq gets himself drink as Shliemann towels off his face.
80) 1) dialog: I cautioned you about being premature  with that communiquГ© to Berlin.  Archeology is not an exact science.  If does not adhere to time schedules.
80) 3) dialog: Nothing. I have made no promises. I  said only that it looked very  favorable. Perhaps the Ark will still  be found in an adjoining chamber.  Based on the information in our  possession, my calculations were  correct. Perhaps some bit of evidence  still eludes us. Perhaps
80) 5) text: Belloq shoots him an angry look.
80) 7) dialog: I tell you, she knows nothing useful.
80) 9) text: Shliemann signals Gobler, who steps outside the tent a mo calls someone and then reappears. Belloq looks warily at entrance. After a moment Belzig enters, reeking villainy. When his eyes find Shliemann, his superior, he snaps a cr "Heil, Hitler!" at him, holding his palm rigid a long tim exposing a burned scar in the prefect shape of the sun  medallion.
83) 0) text: Belloq has been talking to the still-bound Marion. He has removed her gag. He is impatient, angry, uncomfortable. C between two forces.
83) 1) dialog: Believe me, you made a mistake. If  you would just give me something to  placate them. Some bit of information.
83) 4) dialog: I cannot control them.
85) 6) text: Smiling down at him from the perimeter of the entry are  Belloq, Shliemann and Gobler.
85) 7) dialog: Why, Dr. Jones, whatever are you  doing in such a nasty place?
85) 8) text: Belloq and the Germans laugh.
85) 10) dialog: No thank you, my friend. (he glances around  him) I think we are all very comfortable  up here.
86) 1) dialog: (down to Indy) After all these years, it is most  considerate of you to aid me in this  way.
86) 2) text: As Belloq speaks, Shliemann exchanges a look with Belzig. Belzig smiles and takes the gag from Marion's mouth.
87) 5) dialog: The girl was mine!
87) 9) text: Belloq feels how much he is the outsider, his own  vulnerability. He backs down with the wisdom of survival. turns to look down at Indy and Marion. His manner is gall
87) 10) dialog: Goodbye, mademoiselle. (a pause, then with  respect) Indiana Jones... adieu!
87) 11) text: Belloq and the others step back from the hole and unseen  Nazis slam the heavy stone door into place. Marion scream Her scream is accompanied by - A huge WHOOSH! as air is sucked out and the chamber is se Half of the torches still burning go out with the sound. remaining torches continue to extinguish at punctuating  intervals throughout the following action and the snakes  immediately flood into the newly-darkened spaces. Indy pu Marion down and snatches up two burning torches. He hands one to Marion.
90) 0) text: Three Armed Nazis stand guard around the wooden crate  containing the Ark. It is sitting near the flopped-open  entrance to the Command Tent and there is furious activit going on here. Belloq, Shliemann, Gobler, Belzig and asso Aides are packing up all the papers and personal items in preparation for a hasty departure. A large crowd of Arab Diggers is milling about among the  tents. They all want to get a look at the Ark. Sallah is  among them. All at once, there is a earthshaking explosio Al eyes turn toward the rise that hides the airstrip. A h fireball floats into view over there. Everyone starts run toward it. Shliemann yells at Belzig and the Armed Nazis.
91) 0) text: Almost all the Arabs and Germans in the digs have congreg here and are staring at the burning remains of the Flying Wing. Belloq and Shliemann arrive just as the second fuel truck blows up. The concussion knocks many of the observe flat. Belloq, Shliemann and Gobler watch the scene in ala
91) 2) dialog: We must get the Ark away from this  place immediately!
91) 6) text: Gobler nods and runs off. Shliemann heads back toward cam Belloq hesitates a long moment, studying the burning wrec with an odd, suspicious look. Finally, he turns and leave passing a nearby stack of barrels. When he has passed, Sa appears from among the barrels. He searches the crowd for his people and starts a broken field run along some tents avoid a group of Germans and is running flat-out when som sticks out a leg and sends him flipping. Sallah, dust all over his face, looks angrily toward the concealed culprit At once, a flashing white grin splits his darkened face.  Indy and Marion, splotched with soot and oil, are hiding the flap of a tent. Sallah runs into their arms and the t embrace warmly. When they break -
92) 0) text: Sallah, Indy and Marion run into a hiding spot behind som water barrels near the Command Tent. They peek out at thi activity - In the big space near the Command Tent is parked an open  German staff car; inside is a Blond Driver and an Armed G Directly behind it is a canvas-topped troop truck. At thi moment, Belloq and Shliemann are supervising the careful  placement of the crated Ark in the back of the truck. Whe it is securely placed inside, we hear an ominous marching sound and Nine Armed Nazis appear at a trot from between  some tents and climb into the back of the truck with the  Ark. Behind the water barrels, Sallah and Marion exchange hapl looks, But Indy just concentrates on - The scene by the truck: Belloq and Shliemann are about to climb into the front staff car when they pause to check o the final component of the convoy. Rolling into place beh the truck is another open staff car. But this one is spec mounted in the back is a big, black machine gun, manned b Gunner. At the wheel of the car is Gobler and next to him sits Belzig. Sallah and Marion look at Indy. Belloq and Shliemann clim in the back seat of the front car and the caravan pulls o Indy watches it go, thinking hard.
96) 0) text: The Blond Driver of the front staff car sees the truck mo up on him in the rearview mirror and speeds up. Belloq,  Shliemann and the Armed Guard in the car twist around to  look at the struggle in the truck. The Blond Driver begin what will be a continuing preview of the twists in the ro He turns his wheel sharply and takes the lead car around bend. In the cab of the truck, Indy and the Truck Driver stop t fight temporarily and cooperate in turning the steering w The truck barely stays on the road. A full view reveals the incredible geography of this ride The convoy in tiny against the spectacular mountainside, cliffs drop hundreds of feet. At the wheel of the rear car, Gobler swerves to stay on t road and accidentally sideswipes a boulder. The Gunner pe in the back is flipped head over heels out of the car. Go and Belzig are having trouble seeing the road through all the dust the convoy is kicking up. The lead staff car reaches the summit of the road and bar makes the hairpin turn there, delivering a destructive bl to the guard rail that has been placed there. The guard r is now bent. In the cab of the truck, Indy and the Truck Driver again  stop trying to choke each other long enough to negotiate turn together. The bumper of the truck hits the broken gu rail and sends it flying off the cliff. The truck, howeve holds the road. In the rear car, Gobler and Belzig are trying to see thro the thick clouds of dust. Suddenly is clears completely.  Unfortunately for them, this happens because their car ha shot out into space at the hairpin turn. They are flying their final reward. Belzig, eyes wide behind his evil  spectacles, screams as he goes. In the cab of the truck, the Truck Driver is distracted b the sight of the flying staff car. Indy plasters him and tumbles out. Far, far below, Belzig's staff car explodes on the rocks. In the back of the truck, a TOUGH SERGEANT takes command the situation. He picks out six Armed Nazis and motions f them to start climbing around the outside of the truck to the cab. With some trepidation the lucky ones begin that  maneuver. The truck is swerving like crazy. In the front staff car, the Armed Guard aims his submachi guns back at Indy, alone now in the truck's cab. Shlieman knocks the barrel roughly away.
96) 2) text: Indy sees this from the cab and reacts by speeding up, pu even more pressure on the Blond Driver. Along the back of the truck, Armed Nazis are edging up to the cab, three on each side. They hang on as the truck ro a corner and goes into a straightaway that leads through short tunnel. In the cab, Indy has been concentrating on the lead staff car. Now, just before entering the tunnel, he looks in th side view mirror and sees the Nazis on his side. A quick  glance to the other mirror reveals the others. As the tru sweeps into the tunnel, we see Indy just start to turn hi steering wheel - he is going to sideswipe the walls of th tunnel At the other end of the tunnel, we hear the roar of the t engine and two long, screeching, scraping sounds. The lea staff car shoots out of the tunnel, then the truck, its s cleaned of Nazis. In the rear of the truck, the Tough Sergeant is looking w distaste back at the tunnel. There remains only him and t Armed Nazis with the Ark. He sends these two climbing up  over the top of the truck. In the lead car, the Blond Driver is being pressed hard b Indy, who now edges up to bump them from the rear. Sudden the Armed Guard next to the Driver sees the two Armed Naz appear on the top of the truck. Without thinking, he star to point them out to Shliemann, then realizes his stupidi In the cab, Indy has seen this and is at first mystified. checks his sideview mirrors. Then he figures it out and s on his brakes. The brakes lock, the wheels burn and the t skids to a dusty halt. The two Armed Nazis fly off the tr over the cab to the road in front. Indy immediately hits gas again. The two Armed Nazis, just aiming their weapons get wiped out. In the rear of the truck, the crated Ark is bouncing all  alone, no one in sight, because - The Tough Sergeant is on the top of the truck, making his way steadily forward. This guy clearly knows what he's do A submachine gun is slung across his back. The truck and the staff car race through a series of S-cu In the staff car, Belloq and Shliemann spot the Tough Ser as he reaches the front of the truck's top and begins to  lower his submachine gun barrel toward the cab. Indy is  unaware. Belloq and Shliemann exchange looks. Then Shliem yells to the Armed Guard in the front seat. The Tough Sergeant has a line on Indy. He points his gun. The Armed Guard blasts away at the truck. The Tough Serge dies in a hail of bullets and flies off. Indy, who has ducked at the gunfire, is confused. But whe he sees the Armed Guard up front lower his gun, Indy agai floors it and begins bumping the staff car in earnest. The road is almost down to a level now. In the distance - Cairo. The road takes a little dogleg just before reachin level ground again. Just as the staff car is about to mak the turn, Indy smashes them from behind. The staff car fl off the road and down a twenty foot embankment. Indy take the truck speeding down the road and off toward Cairo. In the staff car, the occupants are bruised but safe.  Shliemann points at the departing truck and yells at the  Blond Driver. The staff car fishtails out of its sandy re place and takes off after the truck.
98) 0) text: When the truck clears the narrow street, it is in a small square. Omar's garage is gaping open on the opposite side Indy hits the brakes and the truck skids across the squar and into the garage. The garage door slams shut and tenti drops from the building to hide the door. Various Arabs,  friends of Omar, rush out with fruit carts and baskets an set up a mini-bazaar in seconds. Two Arab Boys sweep the  tracks of the truck into oblivion. They throw aside their brooms just as the staff car appears from the narrow stre Belloq and Shliemann look around desperately as the Blond Driver steers the car through the square and out the othe side.
109) 0) text: Captain Katanga watches as his crew is crowded into a cir of Nazis on the wide deck below him. He is surrounded by  Belloq, Shliemann, and several Nazis, two of whom are hol Marion. Now the Nazis from the hold appear on the lower d carrying the crated Ark by means of the long poles. Bello eyes shine at the sight.
109) 2) dialog: And be very careful!
109) 7) text: Belloq and Shliemann regard him suspiciously.
109) 10) text: Belloq steps forward and puts a proprietary hand on Mario arm, fixing Shliemann with a steady look.
109) 11) dialog: That girl goes with me. It will be  part of my compensation. I'm sure  the Fuhrer would approve.
109) 13) dialog: If she fails to please me, you can  do with her as you wish.
109) 14) text: This appeals to Shliemann's nature. He signals his agreem with a gesture. Belloq ushers Marion away with her two  keepers.
116) 0) text: The Wurrfler has arrived at an extraordinary base built i the hollow interior of the island. This chamber, with the docking bay, is almost all water. A huge natural cavern, has been reinforced and enlarged by the Germans. The Wurrfler sits surfaced at the dock. The Ark has been  unloaded and placed on a cart. Shliemann, Belloq and Mari have just disembarked and been met by a Nazi contingent f the base. Marion looks worse for the trip. Her white nigh is now ripped and smudged. One of the greeting Nazis, a TALL CAPTAIN, salutes Shliem and Belloq. As he speaks to them, we notice that right be this group, just above a great deal of sub unloading acti Indy's whip hangs from the periscope. Working Nazis pass  within feet of it unaware; the Tall Captain would see it a moment if he were not so focused on the new arrivals.
116) 2) dialog: Good. We must take the Ark there  now.
117) 0) text: The Ark and its entourage are moving slowly up the tight  dark tunnel, their way lit by intermittent lanterns. The  tunnel is irregular, but generally about 7 feet wide. It' height varies from an average of about 7 feet to a low of only about 4.5 feet at the points (every 40 feet) where  support beams cross the track. The result is that there i only about a foot of clearance above the mine cars at tho points; passengers must duck to keep from being hit in th head. Shliemann, looking worried, and Belloq, very excite are focused on the Ark in the car ahead.
117) 2) dialog: (playing him) Let me ask you this - Would you be  more comfortable opening the Ark in  Berlin - for the Fuhrer - and finding  out only then if the sacred pieces  of the Covenant are inside? Knowing,  only then, whether you have  accomplished your mission and obtained  the one, true Ark?
117) 3) text: Shliemann doesn't like any of his alternatives. He looks Belloq with some suspicion as the train comes into bright light.
118) 0) text: A second natural cavern, even bigger than the first, has  been worked over by the Germans into a rectangular, three story high supply center around a huge, open, center cour Uniformed Nazi Soldiers are everywhere, wrangling supplie and ammunition, monitoring electronic equipment. At the f end of the court, a second train tunnel disappears into t rock. Across the open court, Belloq sees his destination: a lar brilliant white silk tent has been erected in the midst o all this hardware. It looks incongruous, and more than a  little eerie. It is the Tabernacle.
120) 0) text: The light in here is lovely, unearthly. Oil lamps burn. T Tabernacle is really several concentric, silk tents, whic creates a flowing maze effect. The innermost tent has at center a 3-foot high, tapestry-covered altar. Belloq watc with gleaming, obsessed eyes as two Nazis carefully lift actual Ark out of its crate by means of the long poles. T Ark dazzles the eye, seeming to glow gold in this strange light. The two Nazis place it carefully on the altar.  Shliemann and some Aides hang back. Marion is nowhere to seen.
122) 0) text: In the central area with the Ark, Shliemann and the other Nazis wait impatiently, eyeing the Ark with some discomfo Belloq is not visible, because at the moment he is - In the folds of the Tabernacle, the silk of the tents  undulating around him. The light is even stranger, the sc almost dreamlike. With the help of the Tall Captain, Bell lets an extraordinary, gold-embroidered, ceremonial robe  fall over his head and onto his body. Belloq looks  transported, possessed. The Tall Captain unlatches a wood case and takes from it a sturdy ivory rod about 5 feet lo elaborately engraved. Belloq takes it from him, turns and slips back through the silk. The Tall Captain stays in th folds. Back in the central area, Shliemann and the other Nazis a taken aback by Belloq's appearance in the robe. They exch looks. From one knot of men there is muttering about "Jud and such, but when Belloq turns a fiery gaze on them ther is immediate silence. Shliemann looks uncertain in this  presence. Belloq approaches the Ark. He stops a few feet from it an begins murmuring an invocation in Hebrew. After a few mom of this he advances a step and is about to place the ivor rod in a notch under the lid of the Ark itself. The end o the rod is an inch from the notch when - Indy steps into the Tabernacle. On his shoulder is a bazo and it is aimed directly at the Ark.
122) 3) dialog: Jones, your persistence surprises  even me. You are going to give  mercenaries a bad name.
122) 15) dialog: No! Not in the presence of the Ark!  Take him outside.
122) 16) text: Shliemann eyes Belloq, then the Ark. He lowers the pistol motions for the Nazis to take Indy out ahead of him. They stop a moment only when Belloq speaks.
122) 17) dialog: Indiana Jones, I salute you. I am  even a little sorry you will miss  this moment.
122) 19) text: Shliemann motions them out and follows. Belloq turns back the Ark, raising the ivory rod.
124) 0) text: Belloq has the ivory rod inserted in the notch under the of the Ark. He utters a short phrase in Hebrew and begins press down on his end of the rod. The lid of the Ark begi to lift. It's difficult work. Belloq puts his whole weigh into one big press on his end and the lid opens two feet. Inside the Ark of the Covenant is a preview of the end of the world. A light so bright, a power so fearsome, a char so jolting, that there is nothing in our world to compare it. It's as though this magnificent golden box has been  gathering electric energy for three thousand years, waiti for just this crack of the lid to release it all in one f cleansing explosion of pure force. Blinding arcs of light shoot out across the Tabernacle  instantly killing all the Nazis inside and turning the wh silk to flame. But it is Belloq in his obsession who take the full blast. His whole body seems lit by a million vol current and, for a moment, his complete form is white, th blue, then maybe green, but it is hard to tell because ou eyes are blinded now too. Two aspects of this ghastly,  beautiful display are somehow communicated in the chaos,  although the communication is subliminal. First, that Bel in the instant of his destruction, has experienced some k of sublime, transcendental knowledge. If a death's-head c smile and look satisfied, that is how Belloq's incandesce face would be described. Secondly, this event is accompan by a sound like no other. A sound so intense and so odd a so haunting that the suggestible among us might imagine i were the whisper of God.
126) 0) text: Indy jumps through the flames into what is now a tent of  fire. He looks around at the dead bodies, then at the Ark The lid has slammed down shut again and the Ark shines go in the flames. Before it, where Belloq once stood, is a p of ash and charred debris. Indy registers this, then cont to scan the scene.