8) 2) dialog: Do you think the idol will ever show  up?
8) 4) text: Indy snaps the book closed and puts it on the shelf. He t his glasses off and focuses on Brody. At the windowed doo to his office, two pretty Coeds pause for a moment, look at their sexy Archeology professor, giggle and disappear.
8) 11) text: The Teaching Assistant leaves. Brody is scowling as he  examines the last of the artifacts.
8) 13) dialog: No, they're beautiful. The Museum  will buy them as usual. No questions  asked.
8) 15) dialog: I brought along some people today.
8) 17) dialog: Government.
8) 19) dialog: Don't worry, it's not about your  business. (indicates the  artifacts) They're from the Army.
8) 21) dialog: Army Intelligence. They're looking  for Abner.
9) 0) text: Indy's course - a combination of archeology and anthropol is taught in this amphitheater-type lecture hall. His des and lectern hold large reference books; blackboards line wall. Bones, maps, charts festoon the walls. Indy leans against his desk talking with Brody and two  uniformed Army officers, COLONEL MUSGROVE and MAJOR EATON who are situated around the first seats in the classroom.
9) 13) text: Brody is excited. He looks at Indy.
9) 14) dialog: Tanis. They must have discovered the  lost ruins.
9) 24) dialog: I can tell you that. Over the last  two years the Nazis have had teams  of archeologists running around the  world looking for all kinds of  religious artifacts.
9) 48) text: Brody and Indy exchange a look as they all shake and Brod starts to leave with the Army men.
10) 0) text: Indy's English Tudor, upper middle class home. Quite tone well beyond the financial reach of an honest college  professor. Marcus Brody has already rung the bell. Indy o the door. He is dressed in a tuxedo.
10) 1) dialog: I've got to talk to you.
10) 3) dialog: Indy, it's important.
11) 0) text: The lush tone continues here in Art Deco and shiny marble Indy motions Brody toward the study to one side.
11) 2) text: As Brody passes the entrance to the expansive living room he spots a beautiful, silk-gowned Harlow-type lounging on the sofa in front of a roaring fire. She is sipping champ
12) 0) text: Brody enters the book-lined, dark-wooded study. He paces a moment before the fire which is dying in the fireplace, then spots something and goes over to Indy's big desk. Th surface is covered with open books, monographs, maps and  drawings - all about the Ark of the Covenant. Brody smile he knows his friend very well. Indy comes in, closing the door behind him. Brody turns to him with a triumphant  expression.
12) 1) dialog: They want you to go for it. And  they'll pay.
12) 3) dialog: (smiles) Of course.
12) 6) dialog: General Hok's a tough customer. They  don't call him the Wild Boar for  nothing. And he's tied in with the  Japanese.
136) 0) text: Indy, Brody, and Marion, looking very stylish, are seated Colonel Musgrove's huge office. Sun pours in a window, th which Washington can be seen sparkling across the Potomac Everything is neat and clean and regular. Including the t men who are arrayed around the office. Two we know - Col. Musgrove and Maj. Eaton. The third is an unnamed Bureaucr He hangs back, smiling and genial, his features obscured the glare of the window. He doesn't say anything, yet you have a sense that the others defer to him in the matter a hand. He is the essence of all that is Byzantine and  inscrutable in our scrubbed government machine. Indy and Brody are dissatisfied with the way the meeting gone. Marion, on the other hand, is very happy and eager get out of there. Eaton's manner is irritatingly cheery.
136) 5) dialog: When can we have the Ark?
136) 6) text: Eaton's glance flicks over to the mysterious Bureaucrat,  then back to Brody.
136) 12) text: Indy exchanges a look with Brody.
137) 0) text: Indy, Brody and Marion emerge from the building. Brody bi them farewell and moves off in another direction. Marion  clings to Indy's arm in an energetic, very feminine way,  scolding him.