16) 0) text: A Mercedes limousine appears round a corner and squeals t stop at the front gate of the palace, which is manned by sturdy Chinese Gateman. There are three Germans inside, o the driver.
18) 0) text: The three Germans wait impatiently in a magnificent foyer chime sounds and huge double doors open to reveal TENGTU  HOK, flanked by two uniformed Japanese Soldiers and a rob Chinese Advisor. He wears a fantastic gold ornamental rob Despite the majesty, however, nothing can disguise the fa that Hok is basically a wild, fat barbarian; an animal. H and his escort group bow in what is the beginning of a lo welcoming ceremony. The Germans exchange impatient glance but decide they should play it as it comes. They bow.
20) 0) text: The three Germans are being served tea and exotic delicac A pleased Tengtu Hok watches from a throne-cushion. When tray of tiny delicacies is presented to him, he takes a  massive handful, crushing them together on their way to h smiling mouth.
22) 0) text: Hok and his visitors stand to go. The German's pleased  expressions make it clear they're finally on their way to the museum.
24) 0) text: Tengtu Hok and the Germans have obviously heard something They are hurrying along the walkway at the side of the  building, Hok in the lead. Up ahead is the foot bridge wh crosses from the palace to the museum entrance over a moa
26) 0) text: The Germans spin toward the blast. Drawing weapons, they back to investigate. Hok follows them, confused.
28) 0) text: Hok and the three Germans are looking down at the flaming remains of the Mercedes. A look of concern crosses Hok's  face. He turns and runs back toward his beloved museum.
32) 0) text: Indy lands in a shower of glass on the jutting roof of th museum's first floor. He rolls to a crouch and is immedia being fired upon. The Germans, cut off from the museum, a standing on the palace walkway firing at him. Indy takes fast for the rear of the museum.
39) 0) text: Marion stands before the fire that is shrinking in the  fireplace. She jabs at it abstractedly with a poker, thin Suddenly tears well up in her eyes. She lets the poker sl from her hand, wipes away the tears. She walks across the room to the end of the bar, still cluttered with bottles glasses, and stops at the pile of American money Indy has left. She takes the chain from around her neck and lets t medallion slide off it into her hand. She places it on th bar next to the pile of money, thinking. Then, having rea some decision, she picks up the pile of bills, walks up t back of the bar and pulls a small wooden box from under t bar. She flips open the top, puts the cash inside and clo the top. She leaves the box on the bar and starts back to the medallion. The front door of the saloon bursts open a Four Bad Men come in. Marion, halfway between the valuabl possessions and not wishing to draw attention to either,  stops where she is. The Four Bad Men who advance on her are: 1.) the obvious leader, a short, vile, sadistic German in spectacles by the name of BELZIG. 2.) a trenchcoated SECOND NAZI. 3.) a ratty-looking NEPALESE and 4.) a mean MONGOLIAN. The second NAZI and the MONGOLIAN b carry submachine guns.
39) 30) text: Now everything begins to happen very fast - The Mongolian had just come around the bar at the end opp the medallion. He dives back to crouch behind the end of bar, raising his submachine gun. Belzig and the Second German dive behind tables near the  bar. The Nepalese is slower to leave Marion, he draws a L Indy's .45 barks and the Nepalese dies spinning against t bar. Indy fires in the direction of the Mongolian. Marion swings up over the top of her bar. Belzig fires at her, but his bullets smash bottles behind the bar and thu into the raven. Marion flattens out on the floor behind the bar as bullet hit above her. She reaches up, snatches the axe handle fr where Mahdlo left it, and begins crawling down the length the bar toward - The Mongolian, who sticks his submachine gun out and fire blindly in Indy's direction. Indy is in a crouch behind a table, trying to get a shot someone. He doesn't notice in the din and confusion when door bursts open. An incredible, fearsome GIANT SHERPA, a seven feet tall, soars in and tackles Indy from behind. T whip flies from Indy's hand as he and the Giant Sherpa ro across the floor, upsetting furniture. The Mongolian, seeing this, stands up confidently. Marion rises behind him and bashes him over the head with the ax handle. He goes down and out. Fire has completely engulfed the curtains and is working  across the ceiling on decorative yak skin bunting. A burn fragment drops to the top of the bar, which immediately l up, fueled by the spilled alcohol. Full whiskey bottles  explode like Molotov cocktails. Rolling on the floor, Indy and the Giant Sherpa are fight for control of Indy's .45. Belzig sees this and shouts to the Second Nazi, who is rising from cover with submachine gun in hand.
46) 0) text: The Monkey is seen running around another corner and jump into the waiting arms of MONKEY MAN, who appears to be li a beggar with a dirty turban and an eye patch. Monkey Man immediately hurries down the street and passes into a  building. In the building are two GERMAN AGENTS. Monkey M and the Monkey both give the Heil Hitler salute and engag in quick talk. Monkey Man quickly leaves the two German Agents and gets  back to the street. He is obviously shadowing Indy and Ma Indy and Marion are just now passing by the Monkey Man du back behind some baskets.
47) 0) text: Indy and Marion are passing under a balcony where a lone  GERMAN AGENT stands watch. After they pass, the Agent nod to some BAD ARABS who are hiding in the shadows of the st In a moment, Indy and Marion pass by the break. Monkey Ma turns and looks up at a roof further down the alley. He w with his hand. Someone up there waves back.
48) 0) text: Indy and Marion have reached a tiny square, made even mor cramped by its use as a small bazaar. They have started  working their way through the crowd when several Bad Arab and a German Agent begin to converge on them. Indy immedi sees what's happening and pulls the bull whip from his ja The first Bad Arab to reach them gets hit in the mouth by the handle of the whip. Now all hell breaks loose, with B Arabs, Innocent Shoppers, baskets of fruit and tables of  goods flying every which way in the constricted space.
50) 0) text: Chaos. An entire booth of pots and pans collapses on a Ba Arab and a German Agent as Indy whips away a support.
51) 0) text: The chattering Monkey leads a German Agent and two Bad Ar to Marion's hiding place, gesturing maniacally.
53) 0) text: The German Agent leads the way as the two Bad Arabs carry the huge basket above their heads. The basket top has bee fastened closed, but Marion is making a fuss inside. At t place where the street cuts across the far side of the ba Marion is able to wedge the top open one inch and screams
57) 0) text: Indy rounds the corner and is immediately driven back by  machine gun fire. Taking cover, he gets quick, intermitte glimpses of this scene: At the far corner of the large,  deserted square is a canvas-covered truck. Two Bad Arabs hurrying toward is with a large rattan basket between the Marion screaming inside. A German Agent is covering their retreat with a machine gun from the cab of the truck. Ind runs up to see the rattan basket being heaved into the ba of the truck.
58) 0) text: What Indy cannot see is that the basket lands among an om load of German munitions, dynamite and firearms. The truc immediately peels out.
59) 0) text: The German Agent has stopped firing in order to drive. He floors it, aiming for a street at the corner of the squar Indy uses the lull to take careful aim at the German Agen profile and fire off three careful shots. The German Agen is hit, blasted dead against the steering wheel. The spee truck swerves, hits a wall, rolls over and explodes in an enormous, multi-leveled eruption as its contents ignite.  Several surrounding buildings are leveled. Indy, blown back across the square, looks on, astounded a horror-stricken.
60) 3) text: The Arab Bartender does a take, looking at the three, tou GERMAN HENCHMEN who have surrounded Indy from out of the  smoke, their hands stuffed in bulging trenchcoat pockets. Indy notices them now with a bleary glance. He decides he in no shape to kill or be killed and moves with them acro the room, taking his bottle with him. The Arab patrons ta this in and mind their own business. The occupant of the smoke-shrouded corner table becomes  visible only as Indy reaches there: it is Emile Belloq. H is drinking wine.
60) 10) text: Indy sits, glancing at the German Henchmen, who settle ne just out of earshot.
60) 24) text: Belloq glances into the gloom at the German Henchmen.
60) 38) text: Indy stands up. The German Henchmen and poised. Belloq ey the Arab patrons and signals for the Henchmen to relax.
64) 2) text: The Tanis Digs are laid out below like a painting. Trucks bulldozers, Arab workers and German supervisors are  everywhere. The excavations themselves are extensive and  somewhat random-holes have been dug and then abandoned,  foundations and passageways unearthed and then deserted.  Beyond the main digs, a crude airstrip has been created.  Sallah points to what appears to be a mound of dirt with hole in it near the center of the activity.
68) 1) dialog: Hey! You, the skinny one!
68) 2) text: Sallah jumps about three feet. The JEEP GERMAN is standin in an open space ten yards away looking at Sallah.
68) 3) dialog: Yes, you. What are you doing there?
68) 5) dialog: Well bring that rope over here, you  cur.
68) 6) text: The Jeep German starts back toward his major concern: his jeep is stuck in some sand beyond the next tent. Some Ara Workers are trying in vain to budge it. Now another Germa has backed his truck up to it. Sallah can think of nothin to do expect obey. With a worried glance at the map room, begins untying the rope from the oil drum.
70) 1) dialog: Bring us some of that!
70) 3) dialog: Now, idiot!
72) 0) text: Sallah, sweating profusely, has finished serving the line Breakfasting Germans and now heads back to replace the ke and get away.
72) 1) dialog: Water. Bring us water.
74) 1) dialog: Hey, you! More water over here!
74) 2) text: Sallah glances at Indy, Then hurries back in that directi The Hungry German focuses on Indy.
74) 3) dialog: Why aren't you at the digs? Come  here!
74) 5) dialog: (yelling after him,  irritated) No, dummkopf, I said come!
75) 0) text: Indy hustles between the tents. Up ahead, two German Offi stop to talk, blocking his exit. He moves along the side one of the tents until he finds an opening and slips insi
85) 8) text: Belloq and the Germans laugh.
89) 0) text: Indy and Marion peek out into the light from the shadows an abandoned excavation. Before them is the improvised  airstrip serving the digs: a crude runway, a tent supply  depot, two fuel tank trucks. Down by the fuel trucks a Ge Mechanic is looking skyward. Now Indy and Marion look the too, drawn by the roaring sound of - A Flying Wing, which is circling over the digs in prepara to landing. Now a new figure approaches the German Mechanic. It is Go he yells to the mechanic, indicating the plane.
89) 4) text: The Flying Wing rolls up into the space near the fuel tru The German Mechanic puts blue blocks in front of the tire as the engines continue to roar. Indy and Marion run in a crouch to a hiding spot closer t the plane, near the supply tent. Suddenly, a Second Germa Mechanic appears behind them. He is as surprised as they  are, but recovers quickly and swings a big monkey wrench Indy. Indy grabs the swinging arm and the two men tumble into the open, wrestling. Marion remains hidden, moving f among the crates. The first German Mechanic, who is just pulling the fuel h from the tank truck to the plane, sees the combatants and runs to help his countryman. He is almost upon them when  Indy puts the Second German away with a devastating left right - left combination. He turns to find the first Germ Mechanic flying at him. The roll toward the rear of the F Wing and its lethally spinning reversed propellers. In the cockpit of the Flying Wing, the Pilot has been fid with his gauges just prior to shutting off his engines. N he notices the fight going on outside. The fistfight between Indy and the German Mechanic has ta on a new stomach-tightening dimension. The men are fighti and flailing in and out between the spinning props at the back of the plane's wings. Each man comes within inches o becoming instant mincemeat. The Pilot slides away the top of his cockpit and stands u He pulls a Luger from his side and points it, waiting for clear shot at Indy. The German Mechanic kicks Indy away f him and the Pilot aims his pistol. Suddenly, Marion appea behind the Pilot, standing on the opposite wing, and bash him over the head with one of the blue blocks that was ho the tires. The Pilot drops down into the cockpit, his bod falling on the throttle. The engines roar louder, revving up. The plane begins to roll, rotating around its one sti blocked set of tires. Marion grabs onto the cockpit to ke from slipping into the props. She bends into the cockpit, trying to pull the Pilot's body off the throttle. No luck She grimaces and climbs inside. Her shoulder bumps the to of the cockpit; it slides tightly shut above her. Under the moving wing, Indy delivers a knockout rightcros to the German Mechanic which sends him staggering back to a roaring propeller. Indy's grimace registers the man's d and a fine mist of blood wafts toward him. Indy spins tow the sound of crumpling metal and sees - The other prop of the Flying Wing slice into a tank truck The airplane fuel inside floods out onto the pavement,  surrounding the plane. Indy backpedals away from the plan his eyes searching the scene for Marion. Suddenly, he is  shocked to see her in the cockpit. He runs toward her,  skidding through the gasoline.
91) 0) text: Almost all the Arabs and Germans in the digs have congreg here and are staring at the burning remains of the Flying Wing. Belloq and Shliemann arrive just as the second fuel truck blows up. The concussion knocks many of the observe flat. Belloq, Shliemann and Gobler watch the scene in ala
91) 6) text: Gobler nods and runs off. Shliemann heads back toward cam Belloq hesitates a long moment, studying the burning wrec with an odd, suspicious look. Finally, he turns and leave passing a nearby stack of barrels. When he has passed, Sa appears from among the barrels. He searches the crowd for his people and starts a broken field run along some tents avoid a group of Germans and is running flat-out when som sticks out a leg and sends him flipping. Sallah, dust all over his face, looks angrily toward the concealed culprit At once, a flashing white grin splits his darkened face.  Indy and Marion, splotched with soot and oil, are hiding the flap of a tent. Sallah runs into their arms and the t embrace warmly. When they break -
92) 0) text: Sallah, Indy and Marion run into a hiding spot behind som water barrels near the Command Tent. They peek out at thi activity - In the big space near the Command Tent is parked an open  German staff car; inside is a Blond Driver and an Armed G Directly behind it is a canvas-topped troop truck. At thi moment, Belloq and Shliemann are supervising the careful  placement of the crated Ark in the back of the truck. Whe it is securely placed inside, we hear an ominous marching sound and Nine Armed Nazis appear at a trot from between  some tents and climb into the back of the truck with the  Ark. Behind the water barrels, Sallah and Marion exchange hapl looks, But Indy just concentrates on - The scene by the truck: Belloq and Shliemann are about to climb into the front staff car when they pause to check o the final component of the convoy. Rolling into place beh the truck is another open staff car. But this one is spec mounted in the back is a big, black machine gun, manned b Gunner. At the wheel of the car is Gobler and next to him sits Belzig. Sallah and Marion look at Indy. Belloq and Shliemann clim in the back seat of the front car and the caravan pulls o Indy watches it go, thinking hard.
105) 3) text: Katanga turns quickly, pointing with a sweeping hand. Ind looks. Arrayed in a rough semicircle around the ship are German Wolf Submarines. All of their deck guns are manned and trained on the Bantu Wind. Worse, at least five heavi armed boarding parties in rafts are closing quickly on th ship.
116) 0) text: The Wurrfler has arrived at an extraordinary base built i the hollow interior of the island. This chamber, with the docking bay, is almost all water. A huge natural cavern, has been reinforced and enlarged by the Germans. The Wurrfler sits surfaced at the dock. The Ark has been  unloaded and placed on a cart. Shliemann, Belloq and Mari have just disembarked and been met by a Nazi contingent f the base. Marion looks worse for the trip. Her white nigh is now ripped and smudged. One of the greeting Nazis, a TALL CAPTAIN, salutes Shliem and Belloq. As he speaks to them, we notice that right be this group, just above a great deal of sub unloading acti Indy's whip hangs from the periscope. Working Nazis pass  within feet of it unaware; the Tall Captain would see it a moment if he were not so focused on the new arrivals.
118) 0) text: A second natural cavern, even bigger than the first, has  been worked over by the Germans into a rectangular, three story high supply center around a huge, open, center cour Uniformed Nazi Soldiers are everywhere, wrangling supplie and ammunition, monitoring electronic equipment. At the f end of the court, a second train tunnel disappears into t rock. Across the open court, Belloq sees his destination: a lar brilliant white silk tent has been erected in the midst o all this hardware. It looks incongruous, and more than a  little eerie. It is the Tabernacle.
121) 1) text: In addition to the Tabernacle, the second train tunnel  entrance, and all the activity, Indy's glance rests  momentarily on a large, heavy metal door halfway down one wall toward the Tabernacle. It bears the words, in German
134) 0) text: Fire. Everywhere. No sign of life. A large gaping doorway flames ringing it, blazing into the room beyond. Hanging one hinge there, its metal blasted and jagged, is a heavy door with the signed lettering, in German, "DANGER -  MUNITIONS". The first explosion happens. It's a baby compared to what coming yet it rocks the earth. It's terrible. And then, a immediately, another. The long, irregular, ever larger ch of explosions begins.