80) 0) text: Belloq, SHLIEMANN the ranking Nazi, and Shliemann's Aide, GOBLER, come into the tent, which is full of charts and m drawings of the Ark, radio equipment, liquor and food. Th men have been out digging for the Well all day. They are  tired, discouraged, testy. In all matters, Gobler shows h alliance with Shliemann against Belloq with small looks a body language. The Frenchman has disappointed them and he feeling the isolation of a scapegoat. Belloq gets himself drink as Shliemann towels off his face.
80) 4) dialog: Perhaps the girl can help us.
80) 9) text: Shliemann signals Gobler, who steps outside the tent a mo calls someone and then reappears. Belloq looks warily at entrance. After a moment Belzig enters, reeking villainy. When his eyes find Shliemann, his superior, he snaps a cr "Heil, Hitler!" at him, holding his palm rigid a long tim exposing a burned scar in the prefect shape of the sun  medallion.
85) 6) text: Smiling down at him from the perimeter of the entry are  Belloq, Shliemann and Gobler.
89) 1) dialog: Get is gassed immediately! It has an  important cargo to take out!
89) 2) text: In the distance, the Flying Wing lands and rolls toward t men. Gobler spins and heads back toward the main camp, wh is hidden from view by a rise. Indy and Marion watch him
90) 0) text: Three Armed Nazis stand guard around the wooden crate  containing the Ark. It is sitting near the flopped-open  entrance to the Command Tent and there is furious activit going on here. Belloq, Shliemann, Gobler, Belzig and asso Aides are packing up all the papers and personal items in preparation for a hasty departure. A large crowd of Arab Diggers is milling about among the  tents. They all want to get a look at the Ark. Sallah is  among them. All at once, there is a earthshaking explosio Al eyes turn toward the rise that hides the airstrip. A h fireball floats into view over there. Everyone starts run toward it. Shliemann yells at Belzig and the Armed Nazis.
91) 0) text: Almost all the Arabs and Germans in the digs have congreg here and are staring at the burning remains of the Flying Wing. Belloq and Shliemann arrive just as the second fuel truck blows up. The concussion knocks many of the observe flat. Belloq, Shliemann and Gobler watch the scene in ala
91) 4) text: Gobler snaps his heels, turns to go.
91) 6) text: Gobler nods and runs off. Shliemann heads back toward cam Belloq hesitates a long moment, studying the burning wrec with an odd, suspicious look. Finally, he turns and leave passing a nearby stack of barrels. When he has passed, Sa appears from among the barrels. He searches the crowd for his people and starts a broken field run along some tents avoid a group of Germans and is running flat-out when som sticks out a leg and sends him flipping. Sallah, dust all over his face, looks angrily toward the concealed culprit At once, a flashing white grin splits his darkened face.  Indy and Marion, splotched with soot and oil, are hiding the flap of a tent. Sallah runs into their arms and the t embrace warmly. When they break -
92) 0) text: Sallah, Indy and Marion run into a hiding spot behind som water barrels near the Command Tent. They peek out at thi activity - In the big space near the Command Tent is parked an open  German staff car; inside is a Blond Driver and an Armed G Directly behind it is a canvas-topped troop truck. At thi moment, Belloq and Shliemann are supervising the careful  placement of the crated Ark in the back of the truck. Whe it is securely placed inside, we hear an ominous marching sound and Nine Armed Nazis appear at a trot from between  some tents and climb into the back of the truck with the  Ark. Behind the water barrels, Sallah and Marion exchange hapl looks, But Indy just concentrates on - The scene by the truck: Belloq and Shliemann are about to climb into the front staff car when they pause to check o the final component of the convoy. Rolling into place beh the truck is another open staff car. But this one is spec mounted in the back is a big, black machine gun, manned b Gunner. At the wheel of the car is Gobler and next to him sits Belzig. Sallah and Marion look at Indy. Belloq and Shliemann clim in the back seat of the front car and the caravan pulls o Indy watches it go, thinking hard.
95) 0) text: The convoy is entering rougher country. The narrow mounta road we've seen earlier ascends ahead. To the side of the road are tall boulders. Suddenly, Indy shoots out from be two rocks and rides directly for the truck. The Armed Naz in the back of the truck can see nothing because the canv hides their view. But Gobler, Belzig and the Gunner in th rear staff car have a brief line on him. Belzig points an the Gunner fires away and Indy, the bullets kicking up sa near Indy's horse. The Armed Guard in the cab of the truck leans out to see  what's happening. Indy has been riding alongside. Now he  stands on the horse and leaps to the cab. In a second, he has flipped the Armed Guard out of the truck. He slides i the cab and begins grappling with the Truck Driver. The T Driver tries to hit the brakes, but Indy kicks his foot a and floors the gas pedal. The truck doubles its speed and shoots onto the steep mountain road.
96) 0) text: The Blond Driver of the front staff car sees the truck mo up on him in the rearview mirror and speeds up. Belloq,  Shliemann and the Armed Guard in the car twist around to  look at the struggle in the truck. The Blond Driver begin what will be a continuing preview of the twists in the ro He turns his wheel sharply and takes the lead car around bend. In the cab of the truck, Indy and the Truck Driver stop t fight temporarily and cooperate in turning the steering w The truck barely stays on the road. A full view reveals the incredible geography of this ride The convoy in tiny against the spectacular mountainside, cliffs drop hundreds of feet. At the wheel of the rear car, Gobler swerves to stay on t road and accidentally sideswipes a boulder. The Gunner pe in the back is flipped head over heels out of the car. Go and Belzig are having trouble seeing the road through all the dust the convoy is kicking up. The lead staff car reaches the summit of the road and bar makes the hairpin turn there, delivering a destructive bl to the guard rail that has been placed there. The guard r is now bent. In the cab of the truck, Indy and the Truck Driver again  stop trying to choke each other long enough to negotiate turn together. The bumper of the truck hits the broken gu rail and sends it flying off the cliff. The truck, howeve holds the road. In the rear car, Gobler and Belzig are trying to see thro the thick clouds of dust. Suddenly is clears completely.  Unfortunately for them, this happens because their car ha shot out into space at the hairpin turn. They are flying their final reward. Belzig, eyes wide behind his evil  spectacles, screams as he goes. In the cab of the truck, the Truck Driver is distracted b the sight of the flying staff car. Indy plasters him and tumbles out. Far, far below, Belzig's staff car explodes on the rocks. In the back of the truck, a TOUGH SERGEANT takes command the situation. He picks out six Armed Nazis and motions f them to start climbing around the outside of the truck to the cab. With some trepidation the lucky ones begin that  maneuver. The truck is swerving like crazy. In the front staff car, the Armed Guard aims his submachi guns back at Indy, alone now in the truck's cab. Shlieman knocks the barrel roughly away.