1) 3) text: He turns and yells at the Indians in Quechua, his anger g an indication of his own fears. The party reaches a break the canyon wall and takes the trail through it. When they emerge, their destination is revealed to them i the distance. Beyond a thick stand of trees is the vegeta enshrouded TEMPLE OF THE CHACHAPOYAN WARRIORS. The entire party is struck by the sight. The Indians,  terrified now, chatter away. Suddenly the three at the ba turn and run, dropping their packs as they go. Barranca y at the fleeing Indians and pulls his pistol out. He start to raise his arm to aim but Indy restrains it in a muscul grip.
1) 4) dialog: No.
1) 5) text: Barranca looks evilly at Indy's hand upon him. Indy relea him and smiles in a friendly way.
1) 6) dialog: We don't need them.
1) 9) dialog: We'll leave them. Once we've got it,  we'll be able to reach the plane by  dusk.
1) 10) text: He turns back to the trail. Satipo gets the two remaining Indians moving behind Indy. Satipo and Barranca then have fast, silent communication: Barranca indicates his desire slit Indy's throat; Satipo gives him a look that says "Be patient, you idiot".
1) 13) dialog: If they knew we were here, they would  have killed us already.
1) 14) text: The two Indiana jabber in Quechua, near hysteria. Barranc is sweating profusely, eyes darting. He yells at the Indi in Quechua to "shut up". In the undergrowth, there is slithering movement. Indian #1 draws aside a branch and is faced with a horrif stone sculpture of a Chachapoyan demon. The Indian is so  frightened no sound comes out when he screams. He turns a runs silently away. Indian #2 calls to his friend. Getting no response, he st in that direction. A huge macaw, flushed from the undergr screams and flies away. Indian #2 does exactly the same t never to be seen again. Indy, Satipo and Barranca, just clearing the trees, look  back in that direction. They all turn to face the Temple. It is dark and awesome. Vegetation curls from every crevi over each elaborate frieze. The entrance - round, open an black - has been designed to look like open jaws.
1) 15) dialog: So this is where Forrestal cashed  in.
1) 17) dialog: Competitor. He was good, very good.
1) 19) text: Indy takes the weird feather from the band of his hat. Fr around its point, he slips a tightly rolled piece of  parchment. Barranca and Satipo exchange a quick "So that' where is was!" look. They all kneel as Indy spreads out t parchment. On it is one-half of a crude floorplan of the  Temple.
1) 20) dialog: No one ever had what we have...  partners.
1) 21) text: Indy fixes them with an expectant stare. Satipo produces similar, but folded, piece of parchment. He lays it - the other half of the floorplan - next to Indy's. They all re it for a moment, then Indy stands and walks toward the Te Barranca's eyes are shining as they dart between the floo and Satipo.
1) 22) dialog: (back turned) Assuming that pillar there marks the  corner and...
1) 23) text: Barranca is suddenly on his feet, quietly drawing his pis He raises it toward Indy as Satipo realizes with alarm wh he's doing. Too late. Indy's head turns and he sees Barra Indy's next move is amazing, graceful and fast, yet total unhurried. His right hand slides up under the back of his leather jacket and emerges grasping the handle of a neatl curled bullwhip. With the same fluid move that brings Ind body around to face the Peruvian, the whip uncoils to its full ten foot length and flashes out. The fall of the whip (the unplaited strip at the end of t lash) wraps itself around Barranca's hand and pistol. He  could not drop the gun now if he tried. Indy gives the whip a short pull and Barranca's arm in je down, where it involuntarily discharges the gun into the  dirt. Barranca is amazed, but feels some slack in the whi and immediately raises the gun toward Indy again, cocking with his free hand. Indy's face goes hard. And sad. Indy sweeps his arm in a wide arc. Barranca spins around, enclosed in the whip, his gun hand stuck tight against hi body. Indy gives one more short jerk on the whip handle a Barranca's gun fires. Barranca falls dead. Indy looks quickly at Satipo, who is shocked and frighten He raises his arms in supplication.
1) 25) text: Indy looks him over, then nods. He frees the whip from  Barranca's body and picks up the man. His eyes sweep the  surrounding woods.
1) 26) dialog: Let's go.
2) 0) text: Indy and Satipo, carrying a torch, walk up the slightly  inclined, tubular passage from the main entrance. The int is wet and dark, hanging with plant life and stalactites. Their echoing footsteps intermittently overpower the soun of loud dripping, whistling air drafts and scampering cla
2) 4) text: Indy picks up a stick and throws it through the shaft of  light. Giant spikes spring together from the sides of the chamber with a ferocious CLANG! And impaled on the spikes are the remains of a white man, half-fleshed, half skelet in explorer-type grab. Indy reaches out and takes hold of the man's carcass. As the spikes slowly retract, Indy pul it free and seats the remains gently on the floor.
2) 5) dialog: Forrestal.
2) 7) dialog: Now, Satipo, we don't want to be  discouraged by every little thing.
2) 8) text: Indy steps sideways into the chamber. His back pressed ag the very points of the retracted spikes, he moves along t edge of the light beam, and steps clear on the other side Satipo grimaces and begins sweating his way through.
2) 10) dialog: (taking torch) Let me see that.
2) 11) text: He lowers the torch to the floor of the landing. The land is carpeted with human skeletons, one on top of another, squashed flat as cardboard. Satipo gasps. Indy looks up a the ceiling of the landing, then steps onto skeletons, wh make a cracking noise under his feet.
2) 12) dialog: Try not to touch the vines.
2) 15) text: Indy stands still looking at the hall.
2) 17) dialog: That's what scares me.
2) 18) text: They begin walking down the hall side by side. Satipo has inched a little ahead. Suddenly his lead foot comes down through the floor! As Satipo begins to pitch forward, Ind grabs him by the belt and pulls him back. They both look  down at the "floor". Indy swings his whip across the floor. Fifteen feet of it cuts open beneath the lash, falling away to reveal black as wide as the hall. The illusory floor was made of dust- covered cobwebs. Satipo picks up a stone and drops it dow the pit. No sound. The two men exchange glances. Indy loo up at the high roof of the hall. He swings the whip up ar a support beam, tests its strength with a pull and swings over the pit on the whip. From the other side he swings t whip back to Satipo, who throws Indy the torch. Satipo sw across. When they are both standing on solid floor there a moment of quiet in which they hear, from far, far below SPLASH! Indy wedges the whip handle into the wall and lea it strung to the beam for quick retreat.
2) 21) text: Indy kneels and uses the unlit end of the torch to reach and tap a white tile. It is solid. He taps a black tile.  There is a whizzing sound and a tiny dark sticks in the t Satipo points to the wall nearby: there is a recessed hol there.
2) 23) text: Indy nods, stands and looks around the sanctuary. The ent room is honey-comed with the same kind of hole. Satipo se it too and is properly impressed.
2) 24) dialog: You wait here.
2) 26) text: Torch in hand, Indy begins his careful walk across the  sanctuary. Stepping only on the white tiles, he almost ap to be doing a martial arts kata. Before each big move he  waves the torch in front of him head to toe, looking at t flame. Halfway out, he sees something on the floor and kn to look at it. A dead bird lies on one of the white tiles. Its body is  riddled with little deadly darts. This has great signific to Indy and he stands with even greater caution. He waves the torch ahead of him and at waist height an air current whips at the flame. Indy ducks under it and leaves a burn mark on the white tile beneath it. Satipo watches, wide-eyed and mystified. Indy reaches the altar. The tiny idol looks both fierce a beautiful. It rests on a pedestal of polished stone. Indy looks the whole set-up over very carefully. From his jack he takes a small, canvas drawstring bad. He begins fillin it with dirt from around the case of the altar. When he h created a weight that he thinks approximates the weight o the idol, he bounces it a couple times in his palm  concentrating. It's clear he wants to replace the idol wi the bag as smoothly as possible. His hand seems ready to that once, when he stops, takes a breath and loosens his  shoulder muscles. Now he sets himself again. And makes th switch! The idol is now in his hand, the bag on the pedes For a long moment it sits there, then the polished stone  beneath the bag drops five inches. This sets off an AURAL CHAIN REACTION of steadily increasing volume as some huge mysterious mechanism rumbles into action deep in the temp Indy spins and starts his kata back across the sanctuary four times the speed. Satipo's eyes widen in terror. He turns and runs.
2) 30) text: Indy hesitates, eyeing the rumbling walls.
2) 32) text: Indy concurs with that assessment. He tosses the idol acr the pit to Satipo. Satipo stuffs it in the front pocket o his jacket, gives Indy a look, then drops the whip on the floor and runs.
2) 34) text: Indy grimaces. He had a feeling this might happen. He loo around.
2) 40) dialog: Adios.
3) 0) text: Indy lies on the ground, gasping for air. A shadow falls  across him and he looks up.
3) 1) text: Looming above him are three figures. Two are HOVITOS WARR in full battle paint and loin cloths. They carry long blo guns. But the man in the center draws Indy's attention. H is a tall, impressive white man, dressed in full safari o including pith helmet. His name is EMILE BELLOQ. His face thin, powerful; his eyes hypnotic; his smile charming, ye lethal. His heavily French-accented speech is deep,  mellifluous, wonderful. Back beyond Belloq and his two  escorts, thirty more Hovitos Warriors hover at the edge o the trees.
3) 3) text: Belloq extends his hand. Indy looks at it, then produces idol and hands it to Belloq. Belloq extends his other han smiling. Indy hands over his gun. Belloq sticks it in his jacket.
3) 5) dialog: (eyeing the Hovitos) Too bad they don't know you like I  do, Belloq.
3) 7) text: With that, Belloq turns dramatically and holds the idol h for all the Hovitos to see and says something in Hovitos. There is a murmur of recognition and all the Indians,  including Belloq's escorts, prostrate themselves upon the ground, heads down. Indy is immediately up and running toward the edge of the clearing.
5) 0) text: An amphibian plane sits in the water beneath a green clif Sitting on the wing is JOCK, the British pilot. Indy brea out of some distant brush and runs along the path at the of the cliff.
5) 1) dialog: (yelling) Get it going! Get it going!
5) 2) text: Jock hops in and fires up the plane's engines. Indy reach a spot on the cliff above the place, glances back, them j into the river. He comes up, swims to the plane and grabs strut.
5) 3) dialog: GO!
5) 4) text: Jock starts the plane moving across the water as Indy wal across the wing and falls into the passenger compartment.
6) 0) text: Indy relaxes and lies across the seat, a big smile on his face. One hand drops to the floor of the cabin and Indy j hitting his head. On the floor of the cabin is a huge boa constrictor. Indy tries to get his whole body onto the se Jock sees what's happening.
6) 2) dialog: I can't stand snakes.
6) 4) dialog: I hate them.
8) 0) text: It's autumn and the pretty, New England campus out Indy's window reflects it in dazzling color. A few weeks before start of classes. Activity just picking up. Some students about. Indy is at a bookcase near the window and he looks quite  different in this setting. His outfit is tweedy, slightly rumpled in the professional style. Part of his attention focused in a book and he wears glasses to see the fine pr The office is cramped, absolutely inundated with books, m etchings and archeological artifacts. In fact, the only n spot in the room right now is Indy's desk, which has been cleared off expressly for the benefit of -
8) 3) dialog: I don't know. Just because Belloq  had it doesn't mean he kept it.
8) 4) text: Indy snaps the book closed and puts it on the shelf. He t his glasses off and focuses on Brody. At the windowed doo to his office, two pretty Coeds pause for a moment, look at their sexy Archeology professor, giggle and disappear.
8) 5) dialog: Getting it away from those Indians  would be a neat trick (a hard look) I hope they got him.
8) 6) text: A young male graduate student, Indy's TEACHING ASSISTANT, taps on the door and then pushes his way in with an armlo of reference books. Indy helps him find a spot for them.
8) 8) dialog: That's all right, Phil. Thanks a  lot.
8) 10) dialog: No. I'll see you Thursday.
8) 12) dialog: Hey, if you don't like them, I can  always return them.
8) 14) dialog: Then what's wrong?
8) 16) dialog: What kind of people?
8) 18) dialog: (concerned) Government?
8) 20) dialog: I've already served.
9) 0) text: Indy's course - a combination of archeology and anthropol is taught in this amphitheater-type lecture hall. His des and lectern hold large reference books; blackboards line wall. Bones, maps, charts festoon the walls. Indy leans against his desk talking with Brody and two  uniformed Army officers, COLONEL MUSGROVE and MAJOR EATON who are situated around the first seats in the classroom.
9) 2) dialog: (nods) We haven't spoken in ten years. I'm  afraid we had a bit of a falling  out.
9) 4) dialog: (negative) Just rumors. Somewhere in Asia, last  I heard.
9) 9) dialog: I understand.
9) 13) text: Brody is excited. He looks at Indy.
9) 15) text: Indy contemplates this big news; he's impressed.
9) 16) dialog: (to himself) Tanis. Ain't that somethin'!
9) 18) dialog: Ah, Ravenwood's no Nazi.
9) 20) dialog: They're looking for the headpiece to  the Staff of Ra.
9) 22) dialog: Only half of it. Ravenwood had the  other half.
9) 27) dialog: It all has to do with the Ark of the  Covenant. (the Army guys look  mystified) The chest the Hebrews used to carry  around the Ten Commandments.
9) 29) dialog: An Egyptian pharaoh stole the Ark  from Jerusalem and took it back to  the city of Tanis. A short time later,  Tanis was consumed by the desert in  a sandstorm that lasted a year. But  before that, the Pharaoh had had the  Ark hidden away in a secret chamber  called the Well of the Souls. Which  is where the Staff of Ra comes in.
9) 30) text: Indy moves to the blackboard and makes a quick sketch to  give a rough idea of the system as he describes it. (and get a glimpse of what an interesting and enthusiastic tea he must be).
9) 31) dialog: Now this was rather clever. The Staff  was really just a big stick - oh, I  don't know, say like this - (he indicates about  six feet) no one really knows for sure. Any  way, it was capped by an elaborate  headpiece with a carving of the sun  at the top. What you had to do was  take the Staff to a special map room  in Tanis - it had the whole city  laid out in miniature on the floor.  When you placed the Staff in a certain  spot in this room, at a certain time  of day, the sun would shine through  a hole here in the headpiece and  then send a beam of light down here -  to the map - giving you the location  of the Well of the Souls...
9) 33) dialog: (nods) Which is probably what the Nazis are  after.
9) 35) dialog: Look like? Why, it's right here...
9) 36) text: Indy pulls a big format book from the stack on his lecter and flips through the pages until he finds a large color  print. The other men gather to look.
9) 39) dialog: Yes. That's what the Hebrews thought.
9) 41) dialog: Who knows... lightning... fire...  the power of God.
9) 43) dialog: Oh yes. The Bible tells of it leveling  mountains and wasting entire regions.  Moses promised that when the Ark was  with you, "your enemies will be  scattered and your foes fell before  you". (pause) An army which carries the Ark before  it is invincible.
9) 45) dialog: Oh, there's one other thing that  Hitler undoubtably believes about  the Ark... (a long pregnant pause) It's said that the Lost Ark will be  recovered at the time of the coming  of the True Messiah.
9) 47) dialog: Most certainly.
9) 48) text: Brody and Indy exchange a look as they all shake and Brod starts to leave with the Army men.
10) 0) text: Indy's English Tudor, upper middle class home. Quite tone well beyond the financial reach of an honest college  professor. Marcus Brody has already rung the bell. Indy o the door. He is dressed in a tuxedo.
10) 2) dialog: This isn't really a good time.
10) 4) dialog: All right. Come on in.
11) 0) text: The lush tone continues here in Art Deco and shiny marble Indy motions Brody toward the study to one side.
11) 1) dialog: I'll be in a minute.
12) 0) text: Brody enters the book-lined, dark-wooded study. He paces a moment before the fire which is dying in the fireplace, then spots something and goes over to Indy's big desk. Th surface is covered with open books, monographs, maps and  drawings - all about the Ark of the Covenant. Brody smile he knows his friend very well. Indy comes in, closing the door behind him. Brody turns to him with a triumphant  expression.
12) 2) dialog: (smiles) Good work, Marcus. I had a feeling  this would happen. And, of course,  the Museum gets the Ark when we're  done.
12) 4) text: Indy's manner is vigorous, aggressive.
12) 5) dialog: Okay, here's the way it's gonna be.  First, I'll high-tail it to Shanghai  and get the piece from General Hok.  Then I think I know where I can find  Ravenwood. If only I can get -
12) 7) dialog: I'll worry about that when the time  comes. My only hope is to find the  Well of the Souls before the Nazis  do.
14) 0) text: Indy is barely into the front seat of a dilapidated Ford the driver, BUZZ KEHOE, is peeling out into traffic. In t back seat is a Chinese named BANG CHOW. Kehoe zigs crazil through traffic with only his left hand as he reaches ove to shake with Indy.
14) 2) dialog: What's the hurry?
19) 0) text: No person in sight. Instead, we see a magnificent display ancient artifacts. Glass cases hold the velvet-couched pi at random spots on the shining marble floor. We hear an o sound. Near the floor on the rear wall of the museum, a s ventilation grate moves. A hand slides it gently across t marble. Indy sticks his head out and looks around.
21) 0) text: A huge golden gong, seven feet in diameter, is suspended  from the ceiling by a hook. An enormous hammer hangs pois above it, from which emanate myriad tiny threads which ru up and across the ceiling, then down to the various displ cases. Indy looks up at the gong, then continues his quic quiet foray among the cases. Beyond him, a high window.
23) 0) text: Indy arrives at his destination. The lovely, carved gold  section of the headpiece is nested on purple velvet in a  glass case. At the bottom of the piece is a round hollow  where the staff would fit. There is a grunting sound behi Indy and he spins, already reaching for his revolver. A fierce Japanese Samurai is running at Indy full speed d an aisle of display cases. His sword is raised over his  shoulder ready to cut Indy in half. He's six feet away wh Indy's gun levels and fires twice, blasting him backwards Indy is still looking over his gun when another samurai s comes down from the side and knocks the pistol brutally o of Indy's grip; his hand avoids amputation by a quarter o an inch. An amazed Indy backs away from the crossing aisle as the  Second Samurai steps in to face him, sword raised. Indy b away into an open space and his bullwhip appears in his h He gives it one savage CRACK! to announce its arrival and the Samurai slows down, eyeing it curiously. The Samurai  does not look unhappy about this confrontation. How pure is - The Sword versus The Whip.
27) 0) text: Indy and the Samurai face each other. They're both breath hard from previous, no-contact passes at each other. Now  Indy begins swinging the whip over his head again. It whi out toward the Samurai's face. The Samurai takes two ligh quick cuts at the leather, but misses. Indy swings for th Samurai's feet; the Japanese jumps nimbly, slashing at th whip. Indy does it again. The Samurai hops it. Once more. The Samurai is concentrating on hopping it. Indy sees it. The split second he wants. The whip flashes from the floor and wraps solidly and irrevocably around t Samurai's neck. Indy gives it a murderous pull and the Sa is dead on his feet.
29) 0) text: Indy is at the case containing the headpiece. He smashes glass with a samurai sword, reaches in and grabs the piec Immediately, behind him, the huge hammer falls and the so of the gong thunders through the museum.
31) 0) text: The double doors at the entrance slam open to reveal Hok. Indy is halfway along an unprotected wall back to his  ventilation entry route. Hok opens up on him, cutting off his retreat. Indy jumps behind a marble column, which is  promptly blasted with machine gun fire. Indy looks above him, sees the giant disk of the gong.  Reaching up, pushing with tremendous effort, he maneuvers off the hook. It bounces down to the floor on its side,  chipping the marble with its monstrous weight. Indy stead it and then puts his whole body into rolling it across th room toward the window. As it starts to roll, Indy slips  behind it and runs across the room with it. Hok can see the rolling gong. He opens up on it. The vici cacophony of machine gun fire is joined by the musical re of bullets hitting the gong and ricocheting away. Very, v noisy. Behind the gong, Indy gauges his move. As the gong is abo to be stopped by a marble bench, Indy talks a long stride onto the bench and dives through the glass of the high wi Hok's bullets hit the wall.
32) 0) text: Indy lands in a shower of glass on the jutting roof of th museum's first floor. He rolls to a crouch and is immedia being fired upon. The Germans, cut off from the museum, a standing on the palace walkway firing at him. Indy takes fast for the rear of the museum.
33) 0) text: Kehoe, craning to locate Indy, has the Ford rolling slowl along the back of the museum. Bang scouts from the back s Indy appears on the roof at a run, gauges the movement of the car and jumps from the roof of the museum to the roof the sedan. Unfortunately, the roof of the old car can't t it and Indy's legs knife right on through to the interior where he scares the hell out of Kehoe.
34) 0) text: Indy squirms his way down into the front seat.
34) 2) dialog: (he's felt better) Great. Got it.
34) 3) text: Kehoe guns it, throwing Indy back against the cushions.
34) 5) dialog: I've got to get to Nepal.
36) 0) text: Under a meager seat light, Indy is pouring over a journal article by Abner Ravenwood and related map of Nepal. A few rows back, across the aisle, a trenchcoated Europea Spy eyes Indy.
37) 7) text: She is almost on him when Indy looks up smiling. Marion s stares, shocked.
37) 8) dialog: Hello, Marion.
37) 10) dialog: Nice to see you, too.
37) 12) dialog: (getting up) Take it easy. I'm looking for your  father.
37) 14) text: Indy's attitude changes instantly. This is sad news. He i silent for a long time. Mahdlo comes in the front door an hurries forward when he sees Indy with Marion. He looks t her for guidance, but she stays him with a gesture.
37) 16) text: Mahdlo is hesitant, but lays the axe handle on the bar an goes out. Indy has been barely aware of him. Now he settl again on the barstool. Marion has a vindictive look. She' let him stay, but she wants to inflict as much pain as  possible.
37) 17) dialog: What happened?
37) 19) dialog: Do you find him?
37) 22) dialog: Not a bad way to go. Doing what he  loved.
37) 26) dialog: Why not leave? Go back to the States.
37) 28) dialog: Where you gonna get it?
37) 30) text: Indy looks at her, thinking. Under his gaze, she blushes, for reasons only she understands. She looks into her glas and, for a moment, she softens.
37) 32) text: Indy takes a long time to answer.
37) 33) dialog: I need one of the pieces your father  collected.
37) 36) dialog: I never meant to hurt you.
37) 38) dialog: You knew what you were doing.
37) 40) dialog: I guess that depends on your  definition.
37) 42) text: Indy releases her arms.
37) 43) dialog: Look, I did what I did. I don't expect  you to be happy about it. But maybe  we can do each other some good.
37) 45) dialog: Shut up and listen for a second. I  want that piece your father had.  I've got money.
37) 48) dialog: Enough to get you back to the States.  Where are his things?
37) 50) dialog: Everything?
37) 52) dialog: (giving up) That's too bad.
37) 53) text: Indy feels tired, defeated. Marion is pleased.
37) 55) text: Indy has to smile at her glee.
37) 57) dialog: Seltzer.
37) 59) text: She pours herself another as Indy watches, amused.
37) 60) dialog: You're a tough broad now, aren't  you?
37) 62) dialog: I can only say I'm sorry so many  times.
37) 65) dialog: A bronze piece, about this size. In  the shape of the sun. Probably broken  off at the bottom. Has a little hole  in it, off-center. Does that sound  familiar?
37) 67) dialog: Do you know where it is?
37) 69) dialog: Three thousand. American.
37) 71) dialog: Maybe.
37) 74) dialog: Okay, five thousand. That's all I  can give you now. I can get you more  when you land in the States.
37) 76) dialog: I'm back, aren't I?
37) 78) dialog: You can trust me.
37) 80) dialog: Why?
37) 82) text: Indy nods, gets up to go.
37) 84) text: Indy thinks about this a moment, then reaches inside his  shirt and pulls cash from a money belt. He lays five gran on the bar.
37) 85) dialog: I trust you.
37) 87) dialog: I've heard that.
37) 88) text: Indy starts for the door. Marion takes another think. She getting high.
37) 90) dialog: (moving back) Bossy, aren't you?
37) 92) text: Indy looks into her eyes, then leans over the bar and kis her deeply. When the kiss ends, their faces are very clos Marion is flushed. She liked it and would like more. She  raises her glass between them to discipline herself.
37) 94) text: Indy smiles and walks to the front door. Then, without lo back -
37) 95) dialog: Tomorrow.
37) 96) text: He's gone. Marion stares after him, thinking. She takes a drink. Then slowly, her hand comes up to loosen the scarf that is draped around her throat. It falls away, revealin her graceful neck above the dipping top of her blouse. Ha there on a gold chain against her white skin is a sun-sha golden medallion. The bottom looks broken off. Marion lif the medallion so she can see it in her hand, then looks  thoughtfully after Indy.
38) 0) text: Indy sits thinking at the wheel of an old car. Finally, h puts the car in gear and drives away. Across the street, the shadow in a doorway comes to life. dark form steps out to look at Indy's departing car; it i the European Spy from the DC-3. He hurries off in the opp direction.
39) 0) text: Marion stands before the fire that is shrinking in the  fireplace. She jabs at it abstractedly with a poker, thin Suddenly tears well up in her eyes. She lets the poker sl from her hand, wipes away the tears. She walks across the room to the end of the bar, still cluttered with bottles glasses, and stops at the pile of American money Indy has left. She takes the chain from around her neck and lets t medallion slide off it into her hand. She places it on th bar next to the pile of money, thinking. Then, having rea some decision, she picks up the pile of bills, walks up t back of the bar and pulls a small wooden box from under t bar. She flips open the top, puts the cash inside and clo the top. She leaves the box on the bar and starts back to the medallion. The front door of the saloon bursts open a Four Bad Men come in. Marion, halfway between the valuabl possessions and not wishing to draw attention to either,  stops where she is. The Four Bad Men who advance on her are: 1.) the obvious leader, a short, vile, sadistic German in spectacles by the name of BELZIG. 2.) a trenchcoated SECOND NAZI. 3.) a ratty-looking NEPALESE and 4.) a mean MONGOLIAN. The second NAZI and the MONGOLIAN b carry submachine guns.
39) 28) text: Belzig has no intention of stopping now. The glowing tip approaching Marion's face. The Nepalese watches with sava glee. The tip of the poker is five inches from Marion's nose wh there is a loud CRACK! and the fall of Indy's bullwhip wr around the middle of the poker and tears it out of Belzig hands. The poker sails high across the room, free of the  whip, and lands in the heavy curtains that cover one wind The curtains immediately burst into flame. The four Bad Men look in surprise toward the front entran Indy is poised there, the whip in his right hand, a .45  automatic raised toward them in his left.
39) 29) dialog: Hello.
39) 30) text: Now everything begins to happen very fast - The Mongolian had just come around the bar at the end opp the medallion. He dives back to crouch behind the end of bar, raising his submachine gun. Belzig and the Second German dive behind tables near the  bar. The Nepalese is slower to leave Marion, he draws a L Indy's .45 barks and the Nepalese dies spinning against t bar. Indy fires in the direction of the Mongolian. Marion swings up over the top of her bar. Belzig fires at her, but his bullets smash bottles behind the bar and thu into the raven. Marion flattens out on the floor behind the bar as bullet hit above her. She reaches up, snatches the axe handle fr where Mahdlo left it, and begins crawling down the length the bar toward - The Mongolian, who sticks his submachine gun out and fire blindly in Indy's direction. Indy is in a crouch behind a table, trying to get a shot someone. He doesn't notice in the din and confusion when door bursts open. An incredible, fearsome GIANT SHERPA, a seven feet tall, soars in and tackles Indy from behind. T whip flies from Indy's hand as he and the Giant Sherpa ro across the floor, upsetting furniture. The Mongolian, seeing this, stands up confidently. Marion rises behind him and bashes him over the head with the ax handle. He goes down and out. Fire has completely engulfed the curtains and is working  across the ceiling on decorative yak skin bunting. A burn fragment drops to the top of the bar, which immediately l up, fueled by the spilled alcohol. Full whiskey bottles  explode like Molotov cocktails. Rolling on the floor, Indy and the Giant Sherpa are fight for control of Indy's .45. Belzig sees this and shouts to the Second Nazi, who is rising from cover with submachine gun in hand.
39) 34) text: Both the Giant Sherpa and Indy hear this. The Giant Sherp exchanges an alarmed look with Indy and together they swi the .45 around toward the surprised Second Nazi. Two blas blow him away. That done, Indy brings a brass spittoon down on the Giant Sherpa's wrist and the .45 slides away. Indy jumps up and kicks the Giant Sherpa, who barely seems to feel it. He g Indy and flips him effortlessly onto a table. Belzig now has a clear shot at Indy. He raises his luger. Marion, at the end of the bar, finally gets the hand of t Mongolian's submachine gun. It roars to life in the gener direction of the ceiling. Belzig runs for cover as Marion gets control of the gun a levels it. Belzig dives around the end of the bar opposit Marion. When he has set himself, he peeks up over the edg of the scorched bar. The alcohol fire has moved down the and now, much to Belzig's surprise, he finds himself star at the fire-blackened sun-shaped medallion! His eyes widen. He cannot believe his good fortune. Witho hesitation he picks up the metal medallion, palming it.  Immediately there is a sickening searing sound and Belzig expression changes from joy to agony. He screams in pain tries to shake the red-hot medallion from his skin. Mario opens up and the bar starts to splinter in front of Belzi The medallion comes free of Belzig's hand and rolls acros the floor. Belzig has had enough. In excruciating pain, he turns, se a window, runs and dives through the glass. An exhausted Indy uses his whole body to upend the Giant  Sherpa, who lands hard on his back. They are surrounded b flames.
41) 2) text: At the end of the bar, the Mongolian has come back to lif He shakes out his head, then reaches inside his coat and  pulls out a Mauser pistol. Indy smashes a chair over the head of the Giant Sherpa an the huge creature goes down. The Mongolian points his Mauser through the smoke and fla at Indy. Suddenly, the Mongolian is shot dead. Marion stands beneath her stuffed raven with the Baretta. Indy moves quickly through the flames, his eyes scanning floor. He picks up his bullwhip and his crumpled felt hat He peers through the smoke till he spots Marion moving am the burning furniture.
41) 3) dialog: Let's get out of here!
41) 5) dialog: It's here?
41) 6) text: Marion nods, kicks aside a burning chair. Another burning beam falls from the roof. Indy pulls Marion close to him  protectively.
41) 7) dialog: Forget it! I want you out of here.  Now!
41) 11) dialog: Let's go!
41) 13) dialog: (figuratively) I owe you plenty!
41) 15) dialog: (smiles) You're something!
43) 0) text: Indy and Marion have been welcomed like family into the  crowded home of SALLAH, his wife FAYAH, and their NINE  CHILDREN (ages 4 - 18). Fayah, a huge, imposing woman,  appears, at first glance, to be the power in the house.  Sallah, a small, cheerful, energetic fellow in his fortie defers to his wife in all matters of little importance.  Suddenly the general liveliness at the children's table  escalates into pandemonium, attracting the attention of t adults.
44) 0) text: Indy and Sallah sit in the small, protected courtyard. Sa holds the two sections of the headpiece, the medallion an the base, and has for the first time fitted them together They fit perfectly and complete the headpiece. He peruses the markings on the headpiece quizzically. Indy is cleani and loading a .45 automatic.
44) 1) dialog: I knew the Germans would hire you,  Sallah. They couldn't have an  excavation in the desert without the  best digger in Egypt.
44) 3) dialog: Tell me about the map room at Tanis.
44) 5) dialog: Those Nazis are moving awfully fast.
44) 7) text: Indy reacts.
44) 8) dialog: Belloq. So he got away from the  Indians. This is going to be more  interesting that I thought.
44) 10) dialog: (indicates the  headpiece) Even Belloq won't be able to find it  without that. Can you make anything  of those markings? They're nothing  I'm familiar with.
44) 12) dialog: What is it, my friend?
44) 15) text: The wind dies down. Indy shakes off a chill and stares  thoughtfully at his friend.
45) 0) text: Indy and Marion are briskly walking along one of Cairo's  busy bazaar streets. Vendors with fine cloth, pottery,  baskets, jewelry, etc line the street. Marion has the Mon from Sallah's house on her shoulder.
45) 1) dialog: Do you really need that monkey?
45) 3) dialog: And your brains.
45) 4) text: As Indy and Marion turn a corner, the Monkey seems to not something and immediately jumps from Marion's shoulder an hurries off at a frantic pace down the street.
45) 6) dialog: (dragging Marion on) He'll be OK. Come on. Come on.
46) 0) text: The Monkey is seen running around another corner and jump into the waiting arms of MONKEY MAN, who appears to be li a beggar with a dirty turban and an eye patch. Monkey Man immediately hurries down the street and passes into a  building. In the building are two GERMAN AGENTS. Monkey M and the Monkey both give the Heil Hitler salute and engag in quick talk. Monkey Man quickly leaves the two German Agents and gets  back to the street. He is obviously shadowing Indy and Ma Indy and Marion are just now passing by the Monkey Man du back behind some baskets.
47) 0) text: Indy and Marion are passing under a balcony where a lone  GERMAN AGENT stands watch. After they pass, the Agent nod to some BAD ARABS who are hiding in the shadows of the st In a moment, Indy and Marion pass by the break. Monkey Ma turns and looks up at a roof further down the alley. He w with his hand. Someone up there waves back.
48) 0) text: Indy and Marion have reached a tiny square, made even mor cramped by its use as a small bazaar. They have started  working their way through the crowd when several Bad Arab and a German Agent begin to converge on them. Indy immedi sees what's happening and pulls the bull whip from his ja The first Bad Arab to reach them gets hit in the mouth by the handle of the whip. Now all hell breaks loose, with B Arabs, Innocent Shoppers, baskets of fruit and tables of  goods flying every which way in the constricted space.
48) 1) dialog: (to Marion) Run! Get out of here!
48) 2) text: Indy catches a dagger-wielding Bad Arab around the legs w the whip and flips him. Marion is reluctant to leave Indy
48) 3) dialog: Go, dammit! Go!
50) 0) text: Chaos. An entire booth of pots and pans collapses on a Ba Arab and a German Agent as Indy whips away a support.
52) 0) text: Indy ducks under the swinging blade of a huge Arabian swo and kicks the Bad Arab Swordsman in the groin.
54) 0) text: Indy has heard her. He looks across the square as the bas and its escorts disappear beyond a building. One last Bad Arab rises before him. Indy's whip flashes and the Bad Ar robe falls down to his ankles. Indy frantically pushes hi way through the panicked mass of humanity in the directio the basket has gone.
56) 0) text: Two Bad Arabs come running down the Alley with the basket between them. Suddenly, Indy's whip flashes out sending b Arabs and the basket tumbling. Indy steps into view, his trained on the sprawled Arabs, and looks at the basket. T top has come flying off and the contents have clattered o the cobblestone: inside is not Marion, but a load of  contraband pistols, rifles and ammo. Indy is advancing on the trembling Bad Arabs with an ugly look when suddenly h hears Marion scream around the corner.
57) 0) text: Indy rounds the corner and is immediately driven back by  machine gun fire. Taking cover, he gets quick, intermitte glimpses of this scene: At the far corner of the large,  deserted square is a canvas-covered truck. Two Bad Arabs hurrying toward is with a large rattan basket between the Marion screaming inside. A German Agent is covering their retreat with a machine gun from the cab of the truck. Ind runs up to see the rattan basket being heaved into the ba of the truck.
58) 0) text: What Indy cannot see is that the basket lands among an om load of German munitions, dynamite and firearms. The truc immediately peels out.
59) 0) text: The German Agent has stopped firing in order to drive. He floors it, aiming for a street at the corner of the squar Indy uses the lull to take careful aim at the German Agen profile and fire off three careful shots. The German Agen is hit, blasted dead against the steering wheel. The spee truck swerves, hits a wall, rolls over and explodes in an enormous, multi-leveled eruption as its contents ignite.  Several surrounding buildings are leveled. Indy, blown back across the square, looks on, astounded a horror-stricken.
59) 1) dialog: Marion.
60) 0) text: A dark, smoke-filled den on iniquity. The patrons, almost all fearsome Arabs, sit in small shadowy groups around th room. Indy stands at the bar finishing off a fifth of bou He is drunk. The ARAB BARTENDER places a new bottle of  expensive bourbon in front of him. Indy eyes is queerly.
60) 2) dialog: (doesn't even look) Too bad. I'm drinking alone.
60) 3) text: The Arab Bartender does a take, looking at the three, tou GERMAN HENCHMEN who have surrounded Indy from out of the  smoke, their hands stuffed in bulging trenchcoat pockets. Indy notices them now with a bleary glance. He decides he in no shape to kill or be killed and moves with them acro the room, taking his bottle with him. The Arab patrons ta this in and mind their own business. The occupant of the smoke-shrouded corner table becomes  visible only as Indy reaches there: it is Emile Belloq. H is drinking wine.
60) 4) dialog: Belloq.
60) 6) dialog: I ought to kill you right now.
60) 8) text: Indy knows its true; that's what's tearing him up.
60) 10) text: Indy sits, glancing at the German Henchmen, who settle ne just out of earshot.
60) 11) dialog: Not a very private place for a murder.
60) 13) text: Indy registers this as he takes a drink. Belloq watches h with disdainful amusement.
60) 15) dialog: Try the local sewer.
60) 17) dialog: Now you're getting nasty.
60) 19) text: There's a certain amount of truth to this; the recognitio of it flickers across Indy's bleary eyes. Belloq sees it  there.
60) 23) dialog: What about your boss, der Fuhrer? I  thought he was waiting to take  possession.
60) 26) dialog: I hope your friends are patient.  Dangerous work, Belloq.
60) 28) dialog: Tell me, did you get away with the  idol?
60) 30) text: Indy takes a drink.
60) 31) dialog: You know, if it's God you want to  talk to, maybe I can arrange it.
60) 33) text: The front door of the bar slams open and all nine of SALL CHILDREN scamper in and over to a surprised Indy. Two of smallest hop into his lap.
60) 37) dialog: Yes. Yes, I'll come now.
60) 38) text: Indy stands up. The German Henchmen and poised. Belloq ey the Arab patrons and signals for the Henchmen to relax.
60) 40) text: The children usher Indy out.
61) 0) text: Indy climbs into the cab of Sallah's truck with a smiling Sallah as the children pile into the back. Sallah pulls o
61) 2) dialog: (nods) Thanks you. (grave) Marion's dead.
61) 4) text: Indy looks back there, nods.
62) 0) text: Fayah brings in a tray of food and puts it on the table. bowl of dates is in one corner. As Fayah leaves the room, the Monkey slips out of Sallah's lap and disappears under the table. Indy leans over the food tray, his hand hoveri over the dates. But he chooses some cheese and bread inst
62) 1) dialog: And they made the calculation in the  map room?
62) 3) dialog: (resigned) The Well of the Souls.
62) 4) text: Sallah nods, moves to the food. He picks up a date, then  changes his mind and drops it, taking a bunch of grapes  instead. Indy picks up a chicken leg in one hand and a da in the other, his mind distracted. Fayah enters the room  just in time to see Indy flip the date high into the air try to catch it in his mouth. It bounces off his chin and falls to the floor. Indy looks sheepishly at Fayah. Fayah picks up the fallen date and puts it in the dirty ash tra she is now removing. Amir speaks in a slow, raspy voice  without looking up.
62) 8) dialog: Just want I need.
62) 10) dialog: How 'bout the height of the staff?  Did Belloq get it off of there?
62) 12) text: Indy, nervous, goes back to the food tray, picks up anoth date. When he turns back to the men, the Monkey's paw gra another date. We see the headpiece in closeup on the table. Amir's croo fingers trace a line of markings along the bottom section the break in the piece.
62) 18) text: Indy, still holding the date, exchanges a long look with  Sallah.
62) 19) dialog: You said their top section was blank.  Are you absolutely sure?
62) 21) dialog: Belloq's staff is seven and a half  inches short. They're digging in the  wrong spot!
62) 22) text: Sallah and Indy begin to laugh. Amir gives them a glance returns to his wine. Sallah leans over and kisses the old man.
62) 24) text: Indy hoots. Then he takes the data in his hand and flips high in the air. He opens his mouth to catch it, but it  doesn't come down. He has inadvertently thrown it into a  bowl of a hanging lamp. This makes the men laugh even har Indy goes over and picks up another date. He turns laughi to Sallah and doesn't see as the Monkey's paw comes up,  slowly, takes another date and begins to withdraw. Sudden the paw is stricken with palsy and the unseen Monkey goes into its death throws. Sallah watches the paw as though  hypnotized. Finally the paw slips from sight and we hear solid THUMP! on the floor. Sallah walks around the table looks at the floor. The Monkey lies dead among a mess of  date pits. Indy is in a happy world of his own. He throws his date h in the air. He positions himself under it and waits for i to drop in. Here it comes. Right on target. As it's about disappear into Indy's mouth, Sallah's hand flashes in and grabs it. Indy looks mystified and disappointed. Sallah  motions toward the dead Monkey.
63) 0) text: Two old trucks come down a narrow mountain road and onto flat surface of the desert. Further out into the desert, the one in the lead, Sallah' truck, stops and the second one, Omar's truck, pulls up b it. There are half dozen Arab Diggers in Omar's truck. In dressed as an Arab, gets out of the cab of Sallah's truck and moves over to confer with OMAR, another old friend. T point off into the desert and reach some conclusion. Indy gives him a pat on the back; Omar turns off the road and  drives into the desert with his workers. Indy hops back i the cab of Sallah's truck with Sallah. As they move down road we see that the back of the truck holds three other  Arab Diggers.
64) 0) text: Indy and Sallah are lying in classic shouting fashion at top of the rise looking down on the Tanis Digs. Down behi them, Sallah's truck is parked with the three Arab Digger
64) 1) dialog: My God! They aren't kidding!
64) 4) dialog: What time does the sun hit the map?
64) 6) dialog: We haven't got much time. Where are  the Germans digging for the Well of  the Souls?
64) 8) dialog: Okay. Let's go.
65) 0) text: Sallah's truck drives through the camp, one of the Arab  Diggers at the wheel. Indy and Sallah are in the back and look just like the other two Arab Diggers. Sallah's truck does behind a tent and when it appears on the other side, Indy and Sallah are gone.
66) 0) text: Indy and Sallah move stealthily among the tents. Indy car a smooth wooden staff almost seven feet tall. They stop  between two tents and look across a path at the entrance the map room. What appeared to be a mound of dirt is actu the roof on the ancient building. The hole/entrance is a  five-foot square skylight. Indy looks around, then walks  casually to the edge of the hole and looks inside. Sallah joins him, producing a length of rope from his robes. Ind drops the staff into the unseen map room as Sallah ties t rope around on oil drum. When it's secure, Indy wastes no time disappearing down it into the map room.
67) 0) text: Indy is down the twenty feet to the floor of the room in  seconds. He tugs on the rope and it immediately gets pull up. Indy looks around with real wonder and excitement. Th room is lovely, with elaborate wall carvings and frescoes all lit by the bright stream of sunlight flooding in from above. This beam of light leads Indy's eye to the far end and the room's truly remarkable feature: built into the f in meticulous relief is a miniature stone model of the an city of Tanis. Already, the sunlight has worked its way d the far wall and is edging onto the miniature of the city On the floor, to the skylight side of the miniature, is a elaborate line created by embedded mosaic tiles. The even spaced slots in the line, each accompanied by a symbol of time of year, are for the base of the staff. Indy pulls t headpiece from his robes - it has been welded together - reaches for the staff.
69) 0) text: Indy is examining the results of Belloq's work. Red paint marks one of the miniature buildings in the layout and a  white calibrated tape has been strung from that building  back to a miniature of the map room. Now Indy begins exam the mosaic base line for the staff. Sunlight has moves fu down across the miniature.
71) 0) text: The moment has arrived. Even the tension of the circumsta cannot distract Indy from the purity of what he is about do. All his calculations are adjustments complete, Indy t the Staff of Ra and places it - CLINK! - in the right  depression on the base line. This is as active and exciti a moment as any archeologist can dream of and, at heart,  that is exactly what Indy is. The sunlight catches the ve top of the headpiece and moves within a fraction of an in of the tiny hole in its sun. The edge of the sunlight moving across the miniature city still a good two feet beyond the spot Belloq has settled And now that line of light is broken by the shadow of an  ornate sun at the top of the staff. Indy's face reflects his concentration. And then his imme pleasure. He sees what he came for. Out of the miniature city, one small building is being li by a tiny beam of sunlight in the center of the shadow of the metal sun. And by some trick of ancient artistry, thi one building responds to the sunlight like none of the ot The golden light permeates it: it seems to glow. The buil is in a direct line with Belloq's - all the Frenchman's o calculations were right - but it is a foot and a half bey it.
73) 0) text: Indy is on his knees at the miniature city, a special tap measure in his hand. Indy has the tape strung from Belloq mistaken spot to his own correct spot. He gets his readin leaps up and crosses to the erect staff. He pulls the  headpiece off the staff and hides it in his robes. He qui breaks the wooden staff in two and throws the pieces behi a pile of debris. Then he moves quickly to beneath the  skylight.
73) 1) dialog: (stage whisper) Sallah. (he waits, then louder) Sallah!
73) 2) text: More waiting. Nothing. Indy looks around for some alterna means of escape. The room doesn't offer any. He looks up the skylight again.
73) 3) dialog: (loudest) Sallah!
73) 4) text: A long pause. Then something comes down. A makeshift rope Really just a bunch of clothing tied together - tunics, r pants. But what we see first and most prominently, the fi section of Indy's escape rope, is a bright Nazi flag. Ind beams and climbs.
74) 0) text: Indy sticks his head out the skylight, sees it clear and  flops his body out. Sallah, crouching behind the oil drum immediately starts pulling in the makeshift rope. Sallah  stuffs the rope in the oil drum and the two men begin wak toward some tents.
74) 2) text: Sallah glances at Indy, Then hurries back in that directi The Hungry German focuses on Indy.
74) 4) text: Indy bows in wild subservience and hurries off in the opp direction.
75) 0) text: Indy hustles between the tents. Up ahead, two German Offi stop to talk, blocking his exit. He moves along the side one of the tents until he finds an opening and slips insi
76) 0) text: Indy finds himself in a tent set up for rather comfortabl living. He has just started to cross it when he hears a l excited grunting. He turns toward the sound. In the corne tied to a chair and gagged is Marion. Indy rushes to her, snatches the gag from her mouth and embraces her. They ki deep and long.
76) 1) dialog: I though you were dead.
76) 3) dialog: They must have switched baskets.  Thank god for that! Bless those  bastards. Have they hurt you?
76) 5) text: Indy pulls out a knife and then stops suddenly, thinking.
76) 7) dialog: (putting the knife  away) I have to leave you here for a little  while. I know where the Ark is. If I  take you out of here they'll start  combing the place for us.
76) 9) dialog: Keep your voice down.
76) 11) text: Indy pops the gag back in her mouth. Her eyes widen in fu and she grunts obscenities at him.
76) 12) dialog: Look, you don't know how glad I am  to see you. And I don't like doing  this. But the whole thing will be  shot if you don't just sit here  quietly. They haven't hurt you in  the last twenty-four hours, they  aren't going to start now. I'll be  back to get you in no time.
77) 0) text: With the digs behind them, Indy and Sallah run up to the  ridge of the dune and over the top. At the bottom of the side, Omar's truck is parked. Omar and his men are waitin
78) 0) text: This new spot gives Indy a higher, better view of the who scene. Indy is using a surveyor's instrument to take a re
78) 1) text: Looking through the instrument, Indy gets a line from the map room through the site where the Nazis are digging in dunes to a spot several dunes over. We focus on that virg spot of well-hidden sand as -
78) 2) dialog: There!
79) 0) text: Omar's truck is parked at the spot just viewed from afar. Dunes rise on either side. One of Omar's men has been pos as a lookout up on a ridge. Everybody else - Indy, Sallah Omar, and his men - have begun digging for the Wells of t Souls.
81) 0) text: In the eerie conjunction of moonlight and torchlight, Ind and the other men step back in awe of their discovery: th flush with the bottom of their pit, is a heavy stone entr door to an underground chamber. Special prying tools are  produced. With two men assigned to each of the two long t they work in unison to open the vault. They open it a foo and the other men rush in to flop the heavy door complete open. Down inside, only blackness. The men quickly prostrate themselves around the edge of t entry to look inside. Indy and Sallah each take a torch a hold them down the hole.
81) 2) dialog: The Ark must be in that stone case.  What's that gray stuff all over the  floor -
81) 3) text: He breaks off realizing exactly what that carpet is. He  blanches. Indiana Jones blanches. Indy drops his torch to the floor of the Well. This is  answered by the most horrific HISSING imaginable.
81) 4) text: That think dark carpet is moving. It's alive. It's thousa and thousands of deadly poisonous snakes - Egyptian asps. And the only thing that seems capable of avoiding this  venomous groundcover is the altar. The snakes ebb and flo near it, but never encroach on it, as though repelled by  some invisible force. Indy shakes his head and talks to himself.
81) 5) dialog: Why snakes? Why did it have to be  snakes? Anything else.
81) 8) text: Where Indy's torch had landed is a circle of snake-free f The snakes hate the flame; they stay away.
81) 9) dialog: Lots of torches. And oil. I want a  landing strip down there.
82) 0) text: Fifteen torches have been dropped to the floor of the cha combining to make a good-sized clear zone. Smoke begins t fill the room. Several canisters of oil have been lowered into this space. Now, a large wooden crate is lowered slo by rope. Rope handles are attached to each end of the cra Up at the hole, Indy gives Sallah a reassuring pat, takes breath, and swings carefully onto a rope hanging from the hole. Despite his care, he swings a bit and his feet hit stone pillar which is so near the entry. Surprisingly, th pillar actually moves a bit, showering a light rain of  crumbled stone to the floor below. Indy lands on the floor of the Well. He looks at the alta over a sea of undulating death. He picks up an oil canist and splashes two parallel lines of oil and lights them. A path six feet wide begins to open to the altar. Behind In Sallah comes quickly down the rope. We begin to INTERCUT all the action in the Well from here with insert shots of the snakes outside the flames. Snake and snakes. We see: snakes piled and entwined six inches  deep; mother snakes laying snake eggs; snake eggs hatchin little snakes; snakes cannibalizing other snakes.
85) 0) text: Indy and Sallah are on the altar. Pushing together with a their strength, the heavy stone top of the protective che begins to slide away. Indy and Sallah exchange slightly w but very excited looks, then continue to push. As the Ark begins to be exposed, the air seems to almost vibrate, to become electrostatically charged. We hear what sounds lik low HUM. The sea of snakes around the altar draws back fu from this presence. As the top of the stone chest is pushed completely off an slams down beside it, we see THE LOST ARK OF THE COVENANT It is awesomely beautiful, breathtaking. 4 feet long, 2.5 feet wide and 2.5 feet high. It's height, however, is  increased by the two sculptured gold angels mounted facin each other on the top. Though the body of the Ark is acac wood, it has been overlaid with gold. An elaborate gold c surrounds the top edge and gold carrying rings are attach to each corner. Sallah is mesmerized by the sight. His hand starts to rea out and touch one of the angels, but Indy grabs it.
85) 1) dialog: Don't touch it! Never touch it!
85) 2) text: The wooden crate stands open next to the stone chest. Now Indy extracts the wooden poles from its rings and begins  fitting them through the rings in the Ark. This takes som maneuvering by the two men, but soon they are able to lif the Ark clear of the stone chest and into the wooden crat They extract the poles, fasten the top of the crate and s the poles through the rings of the wooden crate. They sta back toward the space under the hole. The fire strips have begun to dwindle, as have some of th torches. The snakes move slowly in toward the clear space Indy and Sallah eye them nervously as they hurry along wi their heavy load. Under the hole, they hurriedly attach r to the wooden crate and it is pulled up. Indy's concentra is on the tide of snakes.
85) 3) dialog: Hurry up! Why did it have to be  snakes?
85) 4) text: Sallah takes the next rope and climbs quickly out of the  Well. Indy has picked up a torch and now throws it at a p of snakes who are too close for his comfort. He turns and takes hold of the exit rope. He gives it a first tug and falls down into the Well, landing partly beyond the ring fire where is instantly disappears in a tangle of angry,  hissing asps. Indy looks up at the hole.
85) 5) dialog: What the -
85) 9) dialog: Why don't you fellows come down here?  I'll show you.
87) 0) text: Shliemann smiles down at Indy.
87) 2) text: Belzig and the Nazi move Marion to the hole and, to Bello surprise, push her in. Marion falls thirty feet screaming Indy drops his torch, braces, and catches her! Her weight knocks him to the ground, almost into the snakes. She loo around at the snakes, clinging to him more desperately as struggles to his feet trying to unload her.
87) 9) text: Belloq feels how much he is the outsider, his own  vulnerability. He backs down with the wisdom of survival. turns to look down at Indy and Marion. His manner is gall
87) 11) text: Belloq and the others step back from the hole and unseen  Nazis slam the heavy stone door into place. Marion scream Her scream is accompanied by - A huge WHOOSH! as air is sucked out and the chamber is se Half of the torches still burning go out with the sound. remaining torches continue to extinguish at punctuating  intervals throughout the following action and the snakes  immediately flood into the newly-darkened spaces. Indy pu Marion down and snatches up two burning torches. He hands one to Marion.
87) 12) dialog: Don't panic. There's plenty of time  for that later. Wave that at anything  that slithers.
87) 13) text: Indy holds his torch out like a lantern and begins a slow turn, his eyes peering into the gloom, examining every in of wall and ceiling.
87) 15) dialog: Just watch the floor.
87) 18) dialog: (he spots something) There!
87) 20) dialog: Come on!
87) 21) text: Marion is frozen in her spot. Indy drags her after him. H splashes oil the rest of the way to the wall. It lights a Indy pulls Marion over to the wall. He pours the remainin oil in a circle around them, creating a safe zone there.
87) 22) dialog: Stay here!
87) 24) dialog: I'll be back in a minute. We're going  through this wall.
87) 26) dialog: Just keep your eyes open and get  ready to run. No matter what happens  to me.
87) 28) text: Too late. Indy runs back through the path of flames to th center of the room. Snakes strike as his flying heels. In reaches the base of the pillar which he touched briefly o his original descent. He uses his torch to clear away the scattered snakes climbing on it, then pulls out his whip. draws it back, then wraps is solidly around the pillar 15 feet up. With the torch in his mouth, he begins climbing pillar. It moves ominously under his weight. The last two torches still burning on the floor go out. N the only light in the chamber is provided by the torches  held by Indy and Marion and the dwindling oil flames. Sna move in and surround the base of Indy's pillar. The path  between Marion and the center of the room is overrun. The circle of flame around Marion is dying down. She looks be it with terror-widened eyes, then up through the increasi smoke at the distant Indy. Near the top of the pillar, Indy's hands strain along his taut whip, which he has moves higher. A snake slithers in view there, inches from Indy's straining face. Indy turns his head so the torch in his mouth can burn it. The snake falls from the pillar. Indy's torch is dwindling. Indy wo his body around so that he is on the side of the pillar a from Marion. The pillar moves, showering dust. Indy looks the chamber wall five feet away, takes a breath and swing his legs up against it. He is now braced between pillar a wall.
87) 30) text: Snakes are moving in force up the pillar toward Indy's  dwindling torch. Indy grasps the pillar for dear life,  grimaces with exertion and pushes against the wall with a he's got. The pillar begins to break loose of the ceiling then stops. Indy's eyes are on the torch. It is just a sp of flame now. Snakes are sliding up toward his hands. Ind again pushes against the wall and the torch falls out of mouth. The pillar goes! In the dim light, we see it fall like a  tree directly at Marion. Indy rides it down. The top hits the wall three feet from a cringing Marion and smashes th to a black chamber beyond. Indy flies off into the darkne Gone. Marion clutches her torch at the black hole.
87) 32) text: There is a moment that seems an eternity, then Indy appea like an apparition out of the void.
87) 33) dialog: Come on!
88) 2) dialog: I guess not. I think I'd be dead.
88) 4) dialog: Absolutely.
88) 6) dialog: Out.
88) 8) dialog: Don't do that. It scares me.
88) 9) text: Marion gives him a look. They round a corner and begin a  walk through a maze of chambers that present for their  inspection: moldering mummies and stacked sarcophagi; a r decorated with a thousand human skulls; a wall crawling w huge scarabaeid beetles. Marion is quite naturally a nerv wreck; she jumps when Indy grabs her suddenly and points.
88) 10) dialog: Look!
89) 0) text: Indy and Marion peek out into the light from the shadows an abandoned excavation. Before them is the improvised  airstrip serving the digs: a crude runway, a tent supply  depot, two fuel tank trucks. Down by the fuel trucks a Ge Mechanic is looking skyward. Now Indy and Marion look the too, drawn by the roaring sound of - A Flying Wing, which is circling over the digs in prepara to landing. Now a new figure approaches the German Mechanic. It is Go he yells to the mechanic, indicating the plane.
89) 2) text: In the distance, the Flying Wing lands and rolls toward t men. Gobler spins and heads back toward the main camp, wh is hidden from view by a rise. Indy and Marion watch him
89) 3) dialog: When the Ark gets loaded, we're  already going to be on that plane.
89) 4) text: The Flying Wing rolls up into the space near the fuel tru The German Mechanic puts blue blocks in front of the tire as the engines continue to roar. Indy and Marion run in a crouch to a hiding spot closer t the plane, near the supply tent. Suddenly, a Second Germa Mechanic appears behind them. He is as surprised as they  are, but recovers quickly and swings a big monkey wrench Indy. Indy grabs the swinging arm and the two men tumble into the open, wrestling. Marion remains hidden, moving f among the crates. The first German Mechanic, who is just pulling the fuel h from the tank truck to the plane, sees the combatants and runs to help his countryman. He is almost upon them when  Indy puts the Second German away with a devastating left right - left combination. He turns to find the first Germ Mechanic flying at him. The roll toward the rear of the F Wing and its lethally spinning reversed propellers. In the cockpit of the Flying Wing, the Pilot has been fid with his gauges just prior to shutting off his engines. N he notices the fight going on outside. The fistfight between Indy and the German Mechanic has ta on a new stomach-tightening dimension. The men are fighti and flailing in and out between the spinning props at the back of the plane's wings. Each man comes within inches o becoming instant mincemeat. The Pilot slides away the top of his cockpit and stands u He pulls a Luger from his side and points it, waiting for clear shot at Indy. The German Mechanic kicks Indy away f him and the Pilot aims his pistol. Suddenly, Marion appea behind the Pilot, standing on the opposite wing, and bash him over the head with one of the blue blocks that was ho the tires. The Pilot drops down into the cockpit, his bod falling on the throttle. The engines roar louder, revving up. The plane begins to roll, rotating around its one sti blocked set of tires. Marion grabs onto the cockpit to ke from slipping into the props. She bends into the cockpit, trying to pull the Pilot's body off the throttle. No luck She grimaces and climbs inside. Her shoulder bumps the to of the cockpit; it slides tightly shut above her. Under the moving wing, Indy delivers a knockout rightcros to the German Mechanic which sends him staggering back to a roaring propeller. Indy's grimace registers the man's d and a fine mist of blood wafts toward him. Indy spins tow the sound of crumpling metal and sees - The other prop of the Flying Wing slice into a tank truck The airplane fuel inside floods out onto the pavement,  surrounding the plane. Indy backpedals away from the plan his eyes searching the scene for Marion. Suddenly, he is  shocked to see her in the cockpit. He runs toward her,  skidding through the gasoline.
89) 5) dialog: Get out! Get out!
91) 6) text: Gobler nods and runs off. Shliemann heads back toward cam Belloq hesitates a long moment, studying the burning wrec with an odd, suspicious look. Finally, he turns and leave passing a nearby stack of barrels. When he has passed, Sa appears from among the barrels. He searches the crowd for his people and starts a broken field run along some tents avoid a group of Germans and is running flat-out when som sticks out a leg and sends him flipping. Sallah, dust all over his face, looks angrily toward the concealed culprit At once, a flashing white grin splits his darkened face.  Indy and Marion, splotched with soot and oil, are hiding the flap of a tent. Sallah runs into their arms and the t embrace warmly. When they break -
91) 10) dialog: Where is it?
92) 0) text: Sallah, Indy and Marion run into a hiding spot behind som water barrels near the Command Tent. They peek out at thi activity - In the big space near the Command Tent is parked an open  German staff car; inside is a Blond Driver and an Armed G Directly behind it is a canvas-topped troop truck. At thi moment, Belloq and Shliemann are supervising the careful  placement of the crated Ark in the back of the truck. Whe it is securely placed inside, we hear an ominous marching sound and Nine Armed Nazis appear at a trot from between  some tents and climb into the back of the truck with the  Ark. Behind the water barrels, Sallah and Marion exchange hapl looks, But Indy just concentrates on - The scene by the truck: Belloq and Shliemann are about to climb into the front staff car when they pause to check o the final component of the convoy. Rolling into place beh the truck is another open staff car. But this one is spec mounted in the back is a big, black machine gun, manned b Gunner. At the wheel of the car is Gobler and next to him sits Belzig. Sallah and Marion look at Indy. Belloq and Shliemann clim in the back seat of the front car and the caravan pulls o Indy watches it go, thinking hard.
92) 1) dialog: You two get back to Cairo quick and  get us transportation to England - a  plane, a ship, anything.
92) 3) dialog: I'm going to get that truck. I'll  meet you at Omar's. Be ready for me.
92) 4) text: Sallah nods. Marion looks at him like he's nuts. Indy jum up, looks around desperately.
92) 6) dialog: (still searching) I don't know. I'm making this up as  I go.
93) 0) text: From among the tents, Indy suddenly bursts into view, hap astride a magnificent white Arabian stallion. He gallops across the desert.
94) 0) text: Indy cuts cross-country avoiding the road the convoy has  taken. He leaps gullies, climbs dunes, slides down slopes Soon the convoy comes into view far below him. He tears a a parallel ridge, like an Indian shadowing a wagon train.
95) 0) text: The convoy is entering rougher country. The narrow mounta road we've seen earlier ascends ahead. To the side of the road are tall boulders. Suddenly, Indy shoots out from be two rocks and rides directly for the truck. The Armed Naz in the back of the truck can see nothing because the canv hides their view. But Gobler, Belzig and the Gunner in th rear staff car have a brief line on him. Belzig points an the Gunner fires away and Indy, the bullets kicking up sa near Indy's horse. The Armed Guard in the cab of the truck leans out to see  what's happening. Indy has been riding alongside. Now he  stands on the horse and leaps to the cab. In a second, he has flipped the Armed Guard out of the truck. He slides i the cab and begins grappling with the Truck Driver. The T Driver tries to hit the brakes, but Indy kicks his foot a and floors the gas pedal. The truck doubles its speed and shoots onto the steep mountain road.
96) 0) text: The Blond Driver of the front staff car sees the truck mo up on him in the rearview mirror and speeds up. Belloq,  Shliemann and the Armed Guard in the car twist around to  look at the struggle in the truck. The Blond Driver begin what will be a continuing preview of the twists in the ro He turns his wheel sharply and takes the lead car around bend. In the cab of the truck, Indy and the Truck Driver stop t fight temporarily and cooperate in turning the steering w The truck barely stays on the road. A full view reveals the incredible geography of this ride The convoy in tiny against the spectacular mountainside, cliffs drop hundreds of feet. At the wheel of the rear car, Gobler swerves to stay on t road and accidentally sideswipes a boulder. The Gunner pe in the back is flipped head over heels out of the car. Go and Belzig are having trouble seeing the road through all the dust the convoy is kicking up. The lead staff car reaches the summit of the road and bar makes the hairpin turn there, delivering a destructive bl to the guard rail that has been placed there. The guard r is now bent. In the cab of the truck, Indy and the Truck Driver again  stop trying to choke each other long enough to negotiate turn together. The bumper of the truck hits the broken gu rail and sends it flying off the cliff. The truck, howeve holds the road. In the rear car, Gobler and Belzig are trying to see thro the thick clouds of dust. Suddenly is clears completely.  Unfortunately for them, this happens because their car ha shot out into space at the hairpin turn. They are flying their final reward. Belzig, eyes wide behind his evil  spectacles, screams as he goes. In the cab of the truck, the Truck Driver is distracted b the sight of the flying staff car. Indy plasters him and tumbles out. Far, far below, Belzig's staff car explodes on the rocks. In the back of the truck, a TOUGH SERGEANT takes command the situation. He picks out six Armed Nazis and motions f them to start climbing around the outside of the truck to the cab. With some trepidation the lucky ones begin that  maneuver. The truck is swerving like crazy. In the front staff car, the Armed Guard aims his submachi guns back at Indy, alone now in the truck's cab. Shlieman knocks the barrel roughly away.
96) 2) text: Indy sees this from the cab and reacts by speeding up, pu even more pressure on the Blond Driver. Along the back of the truck, Armed Nazis are edging up to the cab, three on each side. They hang on as the truck ro a corner and goes into a straightaway that leads through short tunnel. In the cab, Indy has been concentrating on the lead staff car. Now, just before entering the tunnel, he looks in th side view mirror and sees the Nazis on his side. A quick  glance to the other mirror reveals the others. As the tru sweeps into the tunnel, we see Indy just start to turn hi steering wheel - he is going to sideswipe the walls of th tunnel At the other end of the tunnel, we hear the roar of the t engine and two long, screeching, scraping sounds. The lea staff car shoots out of the tunnel, then the truck, its s cleaned of Nazis. In the rear of the truck, the Tough Sergeant is looking w distaste back at the tunnel. There remains only him and t Armed Nazis with the Ark. He sends these two climbing up  over the top of the truck. In the lead car, the Blond Driver is being pressed hard b Indy, who now edges up to bump them from the rear. Sudden the Armed Guard next to the Driver sees the two Armed Naz appear on the top of the truck. Without thinking, he star to point them out to Shliemann, then realizes his stupidi In the cab, Indy has seen this and is at first mystified. checks his sideview mirrors. Then he figures it out and s on his brakes. The brakes lock, the wheels burn and the t skids to a dusty halt. The two Armed Nazis fly off the tr over the cab to the road in front. Indy immediately hits gas again. The two Armed Nazis, just aiming their weapons get wiped out. In the rear of the truck, the crated Ark is bouncing all  alone, no one in sight, because - The Tough Sergeant is on the top of the truck, making his way steadily forward. This guy clearly knows what he's do A submachine gun is slung across his back. The truck and the staff car race through a series of S-cu In the staff car, Belloq and Shliemann spot the Tough Ser as he reaches the front of the truck's top and begins to  lower his submachine gun barrel toward the cab. Indy is  unaware. Belloq and Shliemann exchange looks. Then Shliem yells to the Armed Guard in the front seat. The Tough Sergeant has a line on Indy. He points his gun. The Armed Guard blasts away at the truck. The Tough Serge dies in a hail of bullets and flies off. Indy, who has ducked at the gunfire, is confused. But whe he sees the Armed Guard up front lower his gun, Indy agai floors it and begins bumping the staff car in earnest. The road is almost down to a level now. In the distance - Cairo. The road takes a little dogleg just before reachin level ground again. Just as the staff car is about to mak the turn, Indy smashes them from behind. The staff car fl off the road and down a twenty foot embankment. Indy take the truck speeding down the road and off toward Cairo. In the staff car, the occupants are bruised but safe.  Shliemann points at the departing truck and yells at the  Blond Driver. The staff car fishtails out of its sandy re place and takes off after the truck.
97) 0) text: Indy has an ever-decreasing lead on the staff car as the  race thunders into the narrow streets. People and animals leap out of the way; carts and barrels go flying helter  skelter. Indy takes the truck down a street so narrow the are only inches to spare on each side. Pedestrians jump i doorways.
98) 0) text: When the truck clears the narrow street, it is in a small square. Omar's garage is gaping open on the opposite side Indy hits the brakes and the truck skids across the squar and into the garage. The garage door slams shut and tenti drops from the building to hide the door. Various Arabs,  friends of Omar, rush out with fruit carts and baskets an set up a mini-bazaar in seconds. Two Arab Boys sweep the  tracks of the truck into oblivion. They throw aside their brooms just as the staff car appears from the narrow stre Belloq and Shliemann look around desperately as the Blond Driver steers the car through the square and out the othe side.
99) 0) text: The waterfront is dark and misty. An old tramp steamer, t BANTU WIND, sits by the pier. Several fierce Black Africa Pirates, the crewmembers, are taking on final stores. A small light illuminates the top of the gangplank. In it circle, Indy and Marion exchange long, warm embraces with Sallah. A short distance away the ship's Captain, a hands powerful black named SIMON KATANGA, watches from the rail smoking a pipe.
101) 0) text: Indy comes in, takes off his hat, jacket, whip and holste The door which connects this cabin to the next opens and  Marion appears. She is carrying a half-full glass of liqu but what you notice is the long, snow-white, high-necked  nightgown she is wearing. It is very prim. Very innocent. And very sexy. Marion does a slightly embarrassed model's turn for Indy.
101) 2) dialog: It's lovely.
101) 3) text: Indy sits on the cot, takes off his boots. He leans back  against the wall and rubs his eyes. Marion sits on the be leans back against the wall with him and looks down at he white nightgown. She chuckles.
101) 5) dialog: That's what you look like.
101) 7) dialog: What would you like to recapture?
101) 10) dialog: Did I ever say I was sorry I burned  down your tavern?
101) 13) dialog: You saved my life.
101) 15) dialog: Seems things have worked out kind of  even.
101) 17) dialog: Maybe we should consider all past  accounts closed.
101) 20) dialog: What else?
103) 0) text: Marion awakes with a start, alone in the cot. Something's wrong. The ship is quiet. Indy is strapping on his holste He pulls his ship and jacket from a hook.
103) 2) dialog: The engines have shut down.
103) 4) dialog: I'm going to find out.
104) 0) text: Indy runs toward the bow, then climbs some steps four at time. A MESSENGER PIRATE is hurrying to get him, but flie by him on the steps. By the time the Pirate stops himself Indy is gone.
105) 0) text: Captain Katanga is looking with concern ahead of the ship Indy appears behind him.
105) 1) dialog: What's wrong?
105) 4) dialog: Holy shit.
106) 0) text: Indy tears along the deck. He looks over the rail and see two Nazi rafts already next to the ship.
107) 0) text: Indy flies down some stairs and starts to round a corner. Suddenly he throws himself backwards, out of view. Three  uniformed Nazis are clustered near a cabin door holding t Messenger Pirate. Now two more come out of the cabin tryi to maintain their grasp on a kicking, yelling Marion. She still wearing her white nightgown. More Nazis clamber ont the deck and head toward Indy, slamming open doors, roust Pirates, spouting racial epithets. Indy steps backwards a fades into the maze of the ship.
110) 7) text: Shliemann disappears down the hatch. The Captain is very  pleased. A Radioman speaks into his headset, then follows the other Aides down the hatch. In the distance the other subs begin to move away from the ship. The Captain, alone the bridge, looks once more at Katanga. On the Bantu Wind, Katanga executes what might be taken f a salute. The Wurrfler's Captain smiles, salutes crisply, then goes below, pulling the hatch closed. Immediately, the Wurrfle begins to move. And as it does, we see the rail at the af of the main deck. From nowhere, a wet sleeve appears and hand grabs the rail! Indy pulls his dripping body onto the sub's main deck. He has lost his felt hat once and for all. Other than that, outfit is the same as always, just wetter. Suddenly, wate is washing over his feet; the Wurrfler is beginning to  submerge. Indy runs through quickly deepening water towar the haven of the conning tower. Halfway there, he slips a goes down. Only by grabbing the base of the aftmast light does he keep from being swept away. He struggles to his f and sloshes through knee-deep water to the base of the co tower. Indy climbs the ladder to the bridge of the conning tower and looks down. The water is rising toward his fast. Indy climbs the ladder to the top of the turret and braces him between the two uprights there - the 7 foot radio mast an the 20 foot periscope. Still the ocean comes up to meet h Soon the top of the turret is under water and the radio m is disappearing. Indy shifts his grip to the periscope,  working his way up it and hanging on for dear life as the ocean whips at his body. The periscope is quickly going u Indy hangs on to the top three feet, all that remains abo The forward movement of the sub continues, but, to Indy's slowly dawning delight, the dive stops. No more of the  periscope goes under. Indy smiles; it's a pretty good smi too, given the circumstances. Indy pulls out his bullwhip and begins tying himself to the periscope.
111) 0) text: The sun warms that part of his body Indy has contrived to keep out of the water. The rest floats out behind. Indy i comfortable, but all in all, it's not as terrible as he m have feared.
112) 0) text: It's as terrible as Indy might have feared. He looks wast Waterlogged and exhausted. The wet leather of the whip is contracting and he must struggle constantly to keep it fr cutting into his skin.
114) 0) text: Indy looks through barely open eyes at the sharks running alongside. There is nothing to be done. His eyes close.
115) 0) text: The submarine has stopped. The water is calm. The moon is bright. A gentle swell splashes Indy awake. He blinks, tr to regain his senses. He makes an inventory of his body.  Surprised to find himself intact, his spirits lift. Some  hidden reserve of energy flows through him. He frees his  aching arms from the wet leather of his whip, leaving onl one loop around his waist to hold him to the sub. He rubs his hands and stretches. Once again, he has survived. To  fight again. He looks around.
115) 2) dialog: Damn!
115) 4) text: The sub enters an underwater tunnel that penetrates into cliffs. Indy is held to the periscope by his crossed legs and the whip. His impromptu air bubble is working, but it a struggle to maintain it. The sub begins to cut through think marine vegetation. Ea dangling growth pulls at Indy's body and slaps at his lea bubble. Now a clump of entwined seaweed rips the leather of his hands and his bubble of air rises away. Indy hangs on, holding his breath, but the vegetation gets denser.  Finally, it pulls him off the periscope. The sub moves on disappearing ahead. Indy rises desperately through the dark water, his hand  outstretched. Then, almost simultaneously, hand and head solid rock. But no air. Indy feels along the ceiling of r Nothing. It's all submerged. Indy dives, stroking deep into the tunnel. When he has  descended 15 feet, he grabs a vine and steadies himself. eyes search the dim roof of the tunnel. He sees his last  hope in the distance - a small blue circle, an air pocket He swims for it. In the air pocket, Indy's head breaks the surface and sma into rock again. The pocket is only six inches deep. No  matter. Indy loves it. He'd like to move in. He gulps air
116) 0) text: The Wurrfler has arrived at an extraordinary base built i the hollow interior of the island. This chamber, with the docking bay, is almost all water. A huge natural cavern, has been reinforced and enlarged by the Germans. The Wurrfler sits surfaced at the dock. The Ark has been  unloaded and placed on a cart. Shliemann, Belloq and Mari have just disembarked and been met by a Nazi contingent f the base. Marion looks worse for the trip. Her white nigh is now ripped and smudged. One of the greeting Nazis, a TALL CAPTAIN, salutes Shliem and Belloq. As he speaks to them, we notice that right be this group, just above a great deal of sub unloading acti Indy's whip hangs from the periscope. Working Nazis pass  within feet of it unaware; the Tall Captain would see it a moment if he were not so focused on the new arrivals.
116) 3) text: Shliemann looks a little unhappy about this exchange, but says nothing. The group moves swiftly toward the end of a mine train arrangement. The train, consisting of small,  separate, electric-powered cars, sits on a track which  disappears into a tunnel cut in the rock. On the turret of the Wurrfler, the Wurrfler's Captain lig a cigarette as he watches the mine train disappear, then  returns his attention to the activity on the dock. He lea idly against the periscope, his head two feet below Indy' dangling whip. Something catches his eye, he yells an ord and climbs down from the turret to deal with the matter. hold on the whip for a long moment, until its owner's han appears and quickly reclaims it.
119) 0) text: Indy is making his way up the tunnel. He hears cars comin from up ahead and steps into the shadows. A mine car pass with several laughing Nazis. Indy continues on his way.
121) 0) text: Indy makes a fast break from the shadows of the tunnel to the protection of a high stack of supplies. He climbs the back of the stack, peeks over and surveys the area.
121) 1) text: In addition to the Tabernacle, the second train tunnel  entrance, and all the activity, Indy's glance rests  momentarily on a large, heavy metal door halfway down one wall toward the Tabernacle. It bears the words, in German
122) 0) text: In the central area with the Ark, Shliemann and the other Nazis wait impatiently, eyeing the Ark with some discomfo Belloq is not visible, because at the moment he is - In the folds of the Tabernacle, the silk of the tents  undulating around him. The light is even stranger, the sc almost dreamlike. With the help of the Tall Captain, Bell lets an extraordinary, gold-embroidered, ceremonial robe  fall over his head and onto his body. Belloq looks  transported, possessed. The Tall Captain unlatches a wood case and takes from it a sturdy ivory rod about 5 feet lo elaborately engraved. Belloq takes it from him, turns and slips back through the silk. The Tall Captain stays in th folds. Back in the central area, Shliemann and the other Nazis a taken aback by Belloq's appearance in the robe. They exch looks. From one knot of men there is muttering about "Jud and such, but when Belloq turns a fiery gaze on them ther is immediate silence. Shliemann looks uncertain in this  presence. Belloq approaches the Ark. He stops a few feet from it an begins murmuring an invocation in Hebrew. After a few mom of this he advances a step and is about to place the ivor rod in a notch under the lid of the Ark itself. The end o the rod is an inch from the notch when - Indy steps into the Tabernacle. On his shoulder is a bazo and it is aimed directly at the Ark.
122) 1) dialog: Hold it. (the Nazi react) One move from anybody and I blow  that box back to Moses.
122) 2) text: Shliemann makes it clear to the other Nazis that Indy is be obeyed.
122) 4) dialog: What about you? Talked to God yet? (Belloq's eyes flash) Where's the girl?
122) 6) dialog: That depends on how reasonable we're  all willing to be. All I want is the  girl. We'll keep possession of the  Ark only till we've got safe transport  to England. Then it's all yours.
122) 8) dialog: Then the Ark and some of us are going  up in a big bang. I don't think Hitler  would like that a bit. Now I don't  want to talk about this anymore.  Show me that girl in five seconds or -
122) 9) text: The Tall Captain flies out of the silk and takes Indy dow by the neck. The bazooka clatters across the cement floor two other Nazis help subdue Indy. The three Nazis take In pistol from his holster and raise him roughly in their gr
122) 11) dialog: It's a bad habit. I'm trying to break  it.
122) 16) text: Shliemann eyes Belloq, then the Ark. He lowers the pistol motions for the Nazis to take Indy out ahead of him. They stop a moment only when Belloq speaks.
122) 18) dialog: Thanks. If you talk to Him, tell Him  I'm on my way up.
123) 0) text: Shliemann, the Tall Captain, Indy and the two Nazis holdi him emerge from the Tabernacle. Shliemann points to a nea wall and the group starts that way with Shliemann and the Tall Captain slightly ahead.
125) 0) text: Chaos. Shliemann and the Tall Captain have been temporari blinded by the light from the Tabernacle. Indy makes shor work of his two escorts. He bashes their heads together.  When only one goes down at this, Indy uses the handle of bullwhip, which has appeared instantly in his hand, to pu the second one down. Shliemann, hand on his eyes, aims his Luger blindly at th scuffle. Indy pushes the Tall Captain at Shliemann, who f on impact, killing the Tall Captain. Indy knocks out  Shliemann. Behind Indy, the brilliant light and weird noise of the A have suddenly ceased, but the Tabernacle is ablaze and th fire has quickly spread to stacks of supplies on either s Smoke is already starting to fill the cavern. Nazis are  running around, yelling for firefighting water. A burning crate at the side of the Tabernacle is pushed over, only knock over a drum of heavy black oil. A river of flame sh across the cement. Indy grabs a rifle with bayonet from the prostrate body o one of his former escorts and runs back into the flaming  Tabernacle.
126) 0) text: Indy jumps through the flames into what is now a tent of  fire. He looks around at the dead bodies, then at the Ark The lid has slammed down shut again and the Ark shines go in the flames. Before it, where Belloq once stood, is a p of ash and charred debris. Indy registers this, then cont to scan the scene.
126) 1) dialog: Marion! Marion, can you hear me?
126) 2) text: Suddenly, Indy looks as - The far side of the Tabernacle burns completely away,  revealing Marion, tied spread-eagle between two upright p Her nightgown is now in tatters, black with soot. She is  gagged, but her eyes are screaming, focused on the flamin river of black oil which is about to engulf her feet. Indy rushes toward her, unaware of a uniformed Nazi who h appeared from the flames. Marion looks up to see Indy and the Nazi leveling his submachine gun at Indy. She motions desperately with her eyes. Indy dives and rolls through t flames just as the Nazi opens fire. From the floor, Indy  blasts the Nazi. The river of burning oil is only a foot from Marion. Indy jumps up and runs toward the bound Marion, his bayon aimed directly at her. Her wide eyes flash between the fl and the shining blade. Expertly, Indy slashes down both s at Marion, cutting all four bindings. Marion falls backwa away from the flames, but before she hits the ground, Ind is there, catching her in his arms. They embrace. They kiss. They break.
126) 3) dialog: Hi.
126) 5) dialog: Glad I could make it.
126) 6) text: Indy rises, pulling her up with him. The Tabernacle is bu away so fast that soon Indy and Marion will be completely exposed. Indy rushes over and grabs the submachine gun an Luger from the dead Nazi.
126) 7) dialog: Let's get out of here.
126) 9) text: Indy stops, startled by her spunky attitude. He's conside their changes.
126) 10) dialog: Are you game?
126) 12) dialog: (grins at her) Okay. Let's do it.
126) 13) text: They approach the altar through the dying flames, Indy  slinging the submachine gun over his back. The long carry poles are still in place.
126) 14) dialog: Whatever you do, don't touch it.  Let's put it on the floor.
126) 15) text: Marion nods. Each taking an end with the poles, they lift the Ark from the altar and lower it to the floor. Marion  grunts under the weight. Indy registers this, hands her t submachine gun. He pulls out his whip, motions her back, sweeps the whip tightly around the body of the Ark. The w wraps snugly around the plaiting and Indy ties it off. Th Ark is now harnessed to the whip handle. Indy gives it an experimental pull and the Ark slides across the smooth ce Indy indicates the direction of the second train tunnel.
126) 16) dialog: We'll go down that side. Shoot anyone  who looks at us crosseyed.
127) 0) text: Two huge stacks of goods are ablaze and the Nazis are hav trouble getting water to them. The Nazis main concern at  this point is an enormous, neat stack of wooden cartridge boxes which are piled down the wall from one of the alrea blazing, and now teetering, stacks of general goods. Nerv Nazis are moving the heavy cartridge boxes as fast as the can, but it's slow work and the threatening fire is close Indy and Marion make their way along the side of the cent court, Indy grimacing with the strain of pulling the Ark. One Nazi stops directly in front of them, looking at them queerly. Indy knocks him out with the butt of his Luger j as Marion is about to fire. Out in the court, Shliemann has regained his eyesight. No he crouches, scanning the scene desperately for Indy. He  looks into the remains of the Tabernacle and spots the em altar. Beyond it, the unoccupied posts where Marion was b At the entrance to the second train tunnel, Indy and Mari struggle to lift the Ark into a mine car. Marion has the  submachine gun slung over her back. The Ark drops heavily into the bottom of the car. The noise attracts the attent of five water-carrying Nazis. They see what's going on an reach for their side-arms. Indy grabs Marion, pulls her i front of him - as though to use her as a shield - and fli the submachine gun, still on her back, toward the Nazis. He opens fire, turning Marion's body so he can mow all fi down. Shliemann spins around and looks at the tunnel entrance. points at Indy and Marion, who have just hopped into the  mine car with the Ark.
127) 2) text: A dozen Nazis spin and look at the mine car. Marion is ju leveling the submachine gun. Indy pushes forward the thro and the mine car moves toward the tunnel, picking up spee As the Nazis raise their guns to fire, Marion and Indy bo open up, peppering the area with lead. As the mine car is about to disappear into the tunnel -
127) 3) dialog: (to Marion) Get down!
129) 0) text: The car with Indy and Marion looks almost sluggish compar to the pursuing Nazi car as they both make their way into usually long straightaway. Marion discards her empty  submachine gun as Indy kicks at his throttle and casts a  worried look back at Shliemann. Shliemann, sensing victory, smiles evilly and carefully t aim. Indy and Marion will be easy targets until they reac that approaching low cross beam, which is the crest of th rising tunnel.
131) 0) text: Shliemann and his cohorts hear the explosions behind them and look back that way. Indy kicks the throttle one more time and it goes! Their doubles its speed and shoots under the low cross beam at same instant as - A huge dragon of all-consuming fire shoots up the tunnel  behind the Nazis, catches their car and incinerates Shlie and his men. The tunnel collapses in this section, buryin the fried Nazis forever.
132) 0) text: Indy and Marion look back at the low cross beam as the la tongue of flame makes it there and then is doused by fall rock and dirt. They look at each other, then turn their  attention back to their own predicament. Their mine car i going incredible fast as it moves into a downward section wildly twisting tunnel.
132) 2) text: Indy is already pulling the throttle. It moves easily.  Unfortunately, it is no longer attached to the motor. The mine car is out of control. After several moments, far ah appears a circle of bright daylight - the end of the tunn It approaches at a frightening rate. Indy reaches out and grasps Marion's hand. They exchange looks and then turn t look ahead.
133) 0) text: High up on the slope of the island, Indy and Marion's min car shoots out of the black tunnel and roars down toward little dock at the end of the tracks. A small Nazi transport launch, carefully disguised as a G fishing boat, sits bobbing by the dock. The only human: a Nazi Sentry dressed as a Greek peasant. He is perched on pile of seed bags which are stacked at the very end of th train tracks. As the mine car barrels noisily down toward him, he throws away some burlap to reveal a mounted machi gun which he spins quickly around toward the approaching  mine car. He opens fire. In the out-of-control mine car, Indy pulls Marion down wi him. They are squashed into the corner trying to avoid co with the bouncing Ark. Bullets clang against the outside the car and whiz inches overhead. Indy and Marion are for into a tighter and tighter embrace of life. At the machine gun post, the Nazi Sentry has been firing  like crazy, but now there is terror in his eyes. He reali the car is not going to stop. He lacks faith in his  stronghold. Too late. The mine car smashes into the seed bag bunker. And right through. The Nazi Sentry, his machine gun and a dozen bur seed bags are slammed into the ocean in a wild, hurtling  mass. The mine car jumps, bounces and spins around, then  slides to a stop in a cloud of seed at the edge of the wa
136) 0) text: Indy, Brody, and Marion, looking very stylish, are seated Colonel Musgrove's huge office. Sun pours in a window, th which Washington can be seen sparkling across the Potomac Everything is neat and clean and regular. Including the t men who are arrayed around the office. Two we know - Col. Musgrove and Maj. Eaton. The third is an unnamed Bureaucr He hangs back, smiling and genial, his features obscured the glare of the window. He doesn't say anything, yet you have a sense that the others defer to him in the matter a hand. He is the essence of all that is Byzantine and  inscrutable in our scrubbed government machine. Indy and Brody are dissatisfied with the way the meeting gone. Marion, on the other hand, is very happy and eager get out of there. Eaton's manner is irritatingly cheery.
136) 8) dialog: (heated) That's a powerful force. Research  should be done -
136) 10) dialog: Who?
136) 12) text: Indy exchanges a look with Brody.
136) 13) dialog: We may be able to help.
136) 16) text: Indy looks them over coldly. He gets up, sullen.
137) 0) text: Indy, Brody and Marion emerge from the building. Brody bi them farewell and moves off in another direction. Marion  clings to Indy's arm in an energetic, very feminine way,  scolding him.
137) 2) text: Indy stops, looking across the river, his mind occupied.
137) 3) dialog: Yeah, like what?
137) 5) dialog: It's not the Ark... but it'll have  to do.