99) 0) text: The waterfront is dark and misty. An old tramp steamer, t BANTU WIND, sits by the pier. Several fierce Black Africa Pirates, the crewmembers, are taking on final stores. A small light illuminates the top of the gangplank. In it circle, Indy and Marion exchange long, warm embraces with Sallah. A short distance away the ship's Captain, a hands powerful black named SIMON KATANGA, watches from the rail smoking a pipe.
105) 0) text: Captain Katanga is looking with concern ahead of the ship Indy appears behind him.
105) 2) dialog: You have most important friends.
105) 3) text: Katanga turns quickly, pointing with a sweeping hand. Ind looks. Arrayed in a rough semicircle around the ship are German Wolf Submarines. All of their deck guns are manned and trained on the Bantu Wind. Worse, at least five heavi armed boarding parties in rafts are closing quickly on th ship.
105) 5) dialog: (fast) I sent my man for you. You and the  girl must disappear. We have a place  in the hold. Go, my friend!
109) 0) text: Captain Katanga watches as his crew is crowded into a cir of Nazis on the wide deck below him. He is surrounded by  Belloq, Shliemann, and several Nazis, two of whom are hol Marion. Now the Nazis from the hold appear on the lower d carrying the crated Ark by means of the long poles. Bello eyes shine at the sight.
109) 6) dialog: Jones is dead.
109) 8) dialog: We killed him. He was of no use to  us. The girl, however, has certain  value where we are headed. She will  bring a very good price. If that  cargo you have taken was your goal,  then go in peace with it. But leave  us the girl. It will reduce our loss  on this trip.
110) 2) text: Shliemann nods and continues to stare at the Bantu Wind, does the Captain. The Pirate crew is all lined across the bow. Towering above the others, standing on the rail, pro and defiant, is Katanga. Shliemann looks at the Wurrfler' Captain a moment.
110) 7) text: Shliemann disappears down the hatch. The Captain is very  pleased. A Radioman speaks into his headset, then follows the other Aides down the hatch. In the distance the other subs begin to move away from the ship. The Captain, alone the bridge, looks once more at Katanga. On the Bantu Wind, Katanga executes what might be taken f a salute. The Wurrfler's Captain smiles, salutes crisply, then goes below, pulling the hatch closed. Immediately, the Wurrfle begins to move. And as it does, we see the rail at the af of the main deck. From nowhere, a wet sleeve appears and hand grabs the rail! Indy pulls his dripping body onto the sub's main deck. He has lost his felt hat once and for all. Other than that, outfit is the same as always, just wetter. Suddenly, wate is washing over his feet; the Wurrfler is beginning to  submerge. Indy runs through quickly deepening water towar the haven of the conning tower. Halfway there, he slips a goes down. Only by grabbing the base of the aftmast light does he keep from being swept away. He struggles to his f and sloshes through knee-deep water to the base of the co tower. Indy climbs the ladder to the bridge of the conning tower and looks down. The water is rising toward his fast. Indy climbs the ladder to the top of the turret and braces him between the two uprights there - the 7 foot radio mast an the 20 foot periscope. Still the ocean comes up to meet h Soon the top of the turret is under water and the radio m is disappearing. Indy shifts his grip to the periscope,  working his way up it and hanging on for dear life as the ocean whips at his body. The periscope is quickly going u Indy hangs on to the top three feet, all that remains abo The forward movement of the sub continues, but, to Indy's slowly dawning delight, the dive stops. No more of the  periscope goes under. Indy smiles; it's a pretty good smi too, given the circumstances. Indy pulls out his bullwhip and begins tying himself to the periscope.