37) 3) text: The bar has quieted ominously and so we hear with startli clarity when - a door behind the bar slams open with a hu BANG! and some Presence, too small to be seen as it moves through the forest of towering patrons, makes a beeline f the troubled corner of the bar. A path clears for it. The Sherpa and the Climber are about to kill each other w the Presence arrives directly between them: she is MARION RAVENWOOD, twenty-five years old, beautiful, if a bit har looking. At this moment, however, that look does not hurt She is not intimidated by the combatants; she jabs accusa fingers into their chests. She is angry as hell. The patr shrink under her gaze.
37) 4) dialog: That does it! I've been patient with  you no-goods long enough. I'm not  open at 2 o'clock for myself, you  know. It's all for you. And how do  you repay me: Trouble and noise and  blood on my floor! I won't have it.  Everybody out! Out! Out! We're closed.  Closed! Do your killing outside! And  don't leave any bodies on the porch!
37) 5) text: The place clears quickly. Stragglers and grumblers are gi special attention by Marion and Mahdlo, who has come from behind the bar carrying a big axe handle. Mahdlo herds th crows out the front door as Marion turns and walks behind the bar. A scowl on her lovely face, she has just begun clearing t bar of glasses when she notices one remaining Patron hudd over a glass at the far end of the bar. Grimacing in  exasperation, she heads that way like a locomotive.
37) 6) dialog: Hey you, deaf one! I said out of my  place. I don't mean next Easter, I  mean now -
37) 7) text: She is almost on him when Indy looks up smiling. Marion s stares, shocked.
37) 11) dialog: Get up and get out.
37) 13) dialog: (bitterly) Well you're two years too late.
37) 14) text: Indy's attitude changes instantly. This is sad news. He i silent for a long time. Mahdlo comes in the front door an hurries forward when he sees Indy with Marion. He looks t her for guidance, but she stays him with a gesture.
37) 15) dialog: Go home, Mahdlo. I'll see you  tomorrow.
37) 16) text: Mahdlo is hesitant, but lays the axe handle on the bar an goes out. Indy has been barely aware of him. Now he settl again on the barstool. Marion has a vindictive look. She' let him stay, but she wants to inflict as much pain as  possible.
37) 18) dialog: Avalanche. Up there. He was digging.  What else? He spent his whole life  digging. Dragging me all over this  rotten earth. For what?
37) 20) dialog: Hell no. He's buried where he was  working. Probably preserved real  good, too. In the snow.
37) 23) dialog: (vitriolic) Don't give me that stuff! What do  you know? (she takes a drinks) I'm the one that was left in a bad  way. He didn't have a penny. Guess  how I lived, Mister Jones. I worked  here. And I wasn't the bartender. (another swallow) Finally the guy that owned the joint  went crazy. Snow crazy. They took  his away screaming. As they dragged  him out, he said the place was all  mine for life.
37) 25) dialog: Can you imagine a more evil curse? (pause) So far, it's working.
37) 27) dialog: I'll go back. I'll get there. Not  that there's a soul there who knows  my name or cares. But I'll go. And  when I do, they'll know me. 'Cause  I'm going to go back in style. With  money. A goddamn lady!
37) 29) dialog: If I knew that, you think I'd still  be running this dive?
37) 31) dialog: I'll tell you something Indy. I've  learned to hate you in the last ten  years. But somehow, no matter how  much I hated you, I always knew that  someday you'd come through that door.  I never doubted that. Something made  is inevitable. (hopefully) Why are you here... now... tonight?
37) 34) text: Marion's eyes go icy. She swings at him again with her ri but this time he catches her at the wrist. Then he stops left, which she has brought up to slap him.
37) 35) dialog: You son-of-a-bitch! You know what  you did to me, to my life? This is  your handiwork.
37) 37) dialog: I was a child!
37) 39) dialog: I was in love.
37) 41) dialog: It was wrong. You knew it.
37) 44) dialog: Why start now?
37) 47) dialog: How much?
37) 49) dialog: Gone. I sold it all. It was all junk.  The junk he wasted his life on.
37) 51) text: Marion nods.
37) 53) text: Indy feels tired, defeated. Marion is pleased.
37) 54) dialog: You look disappointed. I like that.  How's it feel?
37) 56) dialog: (nods at his empty  glass) What are you drinking?
37) 58) dialog: (refilling his glass) Real man's drink. Me, I like scotch.  And I like bourbon. And vodka and  gin. I'm not much for brandy. I'm  off that.
37) 61) dialog: It's no act, pal. This ain't  Schenectady.
37) 63) text: Marion looks at him thoughtfully, takes a drink.
37) 64) dialog: You really have money? You don't  look rich. (Indy nods) I may be able to locate some of his  things. I know who's got them. What  do you want?
37) 66) text: Marion thinks, nods slowly.
37) 68) dialog: Maybe. How much?
37) 70) dialog: (negative) That'll get me back, but not in style.  This doodad must be pretty important.
37) 72) text: A huge smile lights up Marion's face.
37) 73) dialog: I knew it would happen eventually. I  knew it. Something had to go my way. (pours herself another  drink) I've got to think this out. I'm used  to bargaining with yaks.
37) 75) dialog: You word, huh? (Indy nods) Just like you said you'd be back  last time? That was your word too.
37) 77) text: Marion sneers and they smile together.
37) 79) dialog: Come back tomorrow.
37) 81) dialog: Because I said so, that's why. It's  about time I called the shots in  this relationship.
37) 83) dialog: Wait a minute. Leave the five thousand  here. (Indy hesitates) You want trust, give some. I want to  smell your money.
37) 86) dialog: You're an idiot.
37) 88) text: Indy starts for the door. Marion takes another think. She getting high.
37) 89) dialog: Hold it. Come here.
37) 91) dialog: That's right. Give me a kiss.
37) 92) text: Indy looks into her eyes, then leans over the bar and kis her deeply. When the kiss ends, their faces are very clos Marion is flushed. She liked it and would like more. She  raises her glass between them to discipline herself.
37) 93) dialog: Get out of my place.
37) 96) text: He's gone. Marion stares after him, thinking. She takes a drink. Then slowly, her hand comes up to loosen the scarf that is draped around her throat. It falls away, revealin her graceful neck above the dipping top of her blouse. Ha there on a gold chain against her white skin is a sun-sha golden medallion. The bottom looks broken off. Marion lif the medallion so she can see it in her hand, then looks  thoughtfully after Indy.
39) 0) text: Marion stands before the fire that is shrinking in the  fireplace. She jabs at it abstractedly with a poker, thin Suddenly tears well up in her eyes. She lets the poker sl from her hand, wipes away the tears. She walks across the room to the end of the bar, still cluttered with bottles glasses, and stops at the pile of American money Indy has left. She takes the chain from around her neck and lets t medallion slide off it into her hand. She places it on th bar next to the pile of money, thinking. Then, having rea some decision, she picks up the pile of bills, walks up t back of the bar and pulls a small wooden box from under t bar. She flips open the top, puts the cash inside and clo the top. She leaves the box on the bar and starts back to the medallion. The front door of the saloon bursts open a Four Bad Men come in. Marion, halfway between the valuabl possessions and not wishing to draw attention to either,  stops where she is. The Four Bad Men who advance on her are: 1.) the obvious leader, a short, vile, sadistic German in spectacles by the name of BELZIG. 2.) a trenchcoated SECOND NAZI. 3.) a ratty-looking NEPALESE and 4.) a mean MONGOLIAN. The second NAZI and the MONGOLIAN b carry submachine guns.
39) 2) dialog: The bar's closed.
39) 4) text: The Mongolian and the Nepalese poke around, checking to m sure there's no one else there. Down at the end of the bar, the medallion lies partially  hidden by surrounding glasses and bottles. The Second Naz stops very near it, but turns his back to it to face Belz and Marion.
39) 5) dialog: What do you want?
39) 7) text: Marion shakes her head.
39) 9) dialog: Why, are you willing to offer more?
39) 11) dialog: No. But I know where it is.
39) 12) text: Belzig's smile fades at this news. He's not a patient sor Marion is chilled by the look. She turns and moves to the shelf of bottles behind her, reaching high for one, very  near the large stuffed raven. He hand lingers there a mom and we see - From an angle behind the stuffed raven, that the left win spread hides a Baretta automatic pistol. Marion's hand is very near it, but withdraws with only a whiskey bottle as the Mongolian walks toward her behind the bar. Marion opens the bottle before Belzig, who watches her  intently.
39) 13) dialog: How 'bout a drink for you and your  men?
39) 16) dialog: (tough) Fine. Why don't you come back tomorrow  when Jones is here and we'll have an  auction?
39) 17) text: Belzig gives her a cold look then turns and walks over to the fireplace. As soon as his back is turned, the Second  Nazi grabs the nearest whiskey bottle and takes a quick p In so doing, he leaves the medallion completely exposed.  Marion is aware of this as she looks at him. But he quick puts the bottle down again, obscuring the medallion, when Belzig speaks from the fireplace.
39) 19) dialog: Listen, Herr Mac, I don't know who  you're used to dealing with, but no  one tells me what to do in my place.
39) 22) text: He motions with his hand. The Mongolian moves up behind M and lifts her roughly over the top of the bar, knocking o bottles and spilling liquor. He deposits her on the other side, where the Nepalese and the Second Nazi flank her an hold her cruelly, arms behind her back. Marion raises a  ruckus. Belzig turns from the fireplace. In his hand is the poker its end glowing orange. He advances on Marion. Marion sto yelling, her eyes widen in terror.
39) 23) dialog: Wait! I can be reasonable -
39) 25) text: The glowing poker point moves inexorably across the room  toward Marion's face.
39) 26) dialog: You don't need that. I'll tell you  everything!
39) 28) text: Belzig has no intention of stopping now. The glowing tip approaching Marion's face. The Nepalese watches with sava glee. The tip of the poker is five inches from Marion's nose wh there is a loud CRACK! and the fall of Indy's bullwhip wr around the middle of the poker and tears it out of Belzig hands. The poker sails high across the room, free of the  whip, and lands in the heavy curtains that cover one wind The curtains immediately burst into flame. The four Bad Men look in surprise toward the front entran Indy is poised there, the whip in his right hand, a .45  automatic raised toward them in his left.
39) 30) text: Now everything begins to happen very fast - The Mongolian had just come around the bar at the end opp the medallion. He dives back to crouch behind the end of bar, raising his submachine gun. Belzig and the Second German dive behind tables near the  bar. The Nepalese is slower to leave Marion, he draws a L Indy's .45 barks and the Nepalese dies spinning against t bar. Indy fires in the direction of the Mongolian. Marion swings up over the top of her bar. Belzig fires at her, but his bullets smash bottles behind the bar and thu into the raven. Marion flattens out on the floor behind the bar as bullet hit above her. She reaches up, snatches the axe handle fr where Mahdlo left it, and begins crawling down the length the bar toward - The Mongolian, who sticks his submachine gun out and fire blindly in Indy's direction. Indy is in a crouch behind a table, trying to get a shot someone. He doesn't notice in the din and confusion when door bursts open. An incredible, fearsome GIANT SHERPA, a seven feet tall, soars in and tackles Indy from behind. T whip flies from Indy's hand as he and the Giant Sherpa ro across the floor, upsetting furniture. The Mongolian, seeing this, stands up confidently. Marion rises behind him and bashes him over the head with the ax handle. He goes down and out. Fire has completely engulfed the curtains and is working  across the ceiling on decorative yak skin bunting. A burn fragment drops to the top of the bar, which immediately l up, fueled by the spilled alcohol. Full whiskey bottles  explode like Molotov cocktails. Rolling on the floor, Indy and the Giant Sherpa are fight for control of Indy's .45. Belzig sees this and shouts to the Second Nazi, who is rising from cover with submachine gun in hand.
39) 34) text: Both the Giant Sherpa and Indy hear this. The Giant Sherp exchanges an alarmed look with Indy and together they swi the .45 around toward the surprised Second Nazi. Two blas blow him away. That done, Indy brings a brass spittoon down on the Giant Sherpa's wrist and the .45 slides away. Indy jumps up and kicks the Giant Sherpa, who barely seems to feel it. He g Indy and flips him effortlessly onto a table. Belzig now has a clear shot at Indy. He raises his luger. Marion, at the end of the bar, finally gets the hand of t Mongolian's submachine gun. It roars to life in the gener direction of the ceiling. Belzig runs for cover as Marion gets control of the gun a levels it. Belzig dives around the end of the bar opposit Marion. When he has set himself, he peeks up over the edg of the scorched bar. The alcohol fire has moved down the and now, much to Belzig's surprise, he finds himself star at the fire-blackened sun-shaped medallion! His eyes widen. He cannot believe his good fortune. Witho hesitation he picks up the metal medallion, palming it.  Immediately there is a sickening searing sound and Belzig expression changes from joy to agony. He screams in pain tries to shake the red-hot medallion from his skin. Mario opens up and the bar starts to splinter in front of Belzi The medallion comes free of Belzig's hand and rolls acros the floor. Belzig has had enough. In excruciating pain, he turns, se a window, runs and dives through the glass. An exhausted Indy uses his whole body to upend the Giant  Sherpa, who lands hard on his back. They are surrounded b flames.
41) 0) text: Marion throws down the empty submachine gun and moves thr the flames to the center of the bar where she left the bo with the five grand. She finds the remains of the box and its contents: a shapeless pile of ash and charred wood.
41) 1) dialog: Unbelievable!
41) 2) text: At the end of the bar, the Mongolian has come back to lif He shakes out his head, then reaches inside his coat and  pulls out a Mauser pistol. Indy smashes a chair over the head of the Giant Sherpa an the huge creature goes down. The Mongolian points his Mauser through the smoke and fla at Indy. Suddenly, the Mongolian is shot dead. Marion stands beneath her stuffed raven with the Baretta. Indy moves quickly through the flames, his eyes scanning floor. He picks up his bullwhip and his crumpled felt hat He peers through the smoke till he spots Marion moving am the burning furniture.
41) 4) dialog: Not without that piece you want!
41) 6) text: Marion nods, kicks aside a burning chair. Another burning beam falls from the roof. Indy pulls Marion close to him  protectively.
41) 9) dialog: (pointing) There!
41) 12) dialog: (looking around) You burned down my place!
41) 14) dialog: (literally) You owe me plenty!
41) 16) dialog: I am something. And I'll tell you  exactly what -
41) 18) dialog: I'm your partner!
43) 0) text: Indy and Marion have been welcomed like family into the  crowded home of SALLAH, his wife FAYAH, and their NINE  CHILDREN (ages 4 - 18). Fayah, a huge, imposing woman,  appears, at first glance, to be the power in the house.  Sallah, a small, cheerful, energetic fellow in his fortie defers to his wife in all matters of little importance.  Suddenly the general liveliness at the children's table  escalates into pandemonium, attracting the attention of t adults.
43) 4) text: All the children chatter their innocence at once. The Mon chatters too; it's an entertainer. The Monkey jumps from children's table to the adults' and struts slowly up towa Marion, who thinks it's the cutest thing she ever saw. Wh it reaches her, it takes off its turban and does a deep,  grand bow to her. She is delighted and takes the Monkey i her arms. The Monkey kisses her cheek. The children laugh
43) 5) dialog: Why, thank you. I like you too.
43) 7) dialog: Oh, no! You don't have to have it  around if you don't want it -
45) 0) text: Indy and Marion are briskly walking along one of Cairo's  busy bazaar streets. Vendors with fine cloth, pottery,  baskets, jewelry, etc line the street. Marion has the Mon from Sallah's house on her shoulder.
45) 2) dialog: I'm surprised at you, Indy. Talking  that way about our baby. He's got  your looks, too.
45) 4) text: As Indy and Marion turn a corner, the Monkey seems to not something and immediately jumps from Marion's shoulder an hurries off at a frantic pace down the street.
45) 5) dialog: (looking disappointed) Hey! Hey!... where're you going?
46) 0) text: The Monkey is seen running around another corner and jump into the waiting arms of MONKEY MAN, who appears to be li a beggar with a dirty turban and an eye patch. Monkey Man immediately hurries down the street and passes into a  building. In the building are two GERMAN AGENTS. Monkey M and the Monkey both give the Heil Hitler salute and engag in quick talk. Monkey Man quickly leaves the two German Agents and gets  back to the street. He is obviously shadowing Indy and Ma Indy and Marion are just now passing by the Monkey Man du back behind some baskets.
47) 0) text: Indy and Marion are passing under a balcony where a lone  GERMAN AGENT stands watch. After they pass, the Agent nod to some BAD ARABS who are hiding in the shadows of the st In a moment, Indy and Marion pass by the break. Monkey Ma turns and looks up at a roof further down the alley. He w with his hand. Someone up there waves back.
48) 0) text: Indy and Marion have reached a tiny square, made even mor cramped by its use as a small bazaar. They have started  working their way through the crowd when several Bad Arab and a German Agent begin to converge on them. Indy immedi sees what's happening and pulls the bull whip from his ja The first Bad Arab to reach them gets hit in the mouth by the handle of the whip. Now all hell breaks loose, with B Arabs, Innocent Shoppers, baskets of fruit and tables of  goods flying every which way in the constricted space.
48) 2) text: Indy catches a dagger-wielding Bad Arab around the legs w the whip and flips him. Marion is reluctant to leave Indy
48) 4) text: Marion goes. She runs off between two buildings. A Bad Ar takes off after her. Monkey Man, now standing at the edge the square, points at Marion. The Monkey jumps off his  shoulder and follows Marion.
49) 0) text: Marion runs along the narrow space and soon encounters a  five foot wall. She flops over it. The Bad Arab is right her heels. He reaches the wall and vaults over. On the ot side of the wall, the Bad Arab lands in a crouch, looks a and doesn't see Marion. Immediately a heavy earthen pot  smashes over his head, putting him out. Marion steps from alcove and starts to run toward the street at the other e of the walkway. Suddenly another Bad Arab and a new Germa Agent appear in the street at that end. Before they can s her, Marion retreats to the alcove again. There is a huge rattan basket sitting there. Marion climbs in and closes top above her. The only witness: The Monkey, who is now perched on the f foot wall.
51) 0) text: The chattering Monkey leads a German Agent and two Bad Ar to Marion's hiding place, gesturing maniacally.
53) 0) text: The German Agent leads the way as the two Bad Arabs carry the huge basket above their heads. The basket top has bee fastened closed, but Marion is making a fuss inside. At t place where the street cuts across the far side of the ba Marion is able to wedge the top open one inch and screams
53) 1) dialog: Indy-y-y-y!
56) 0) text: Two Bad Arabs come running down the Alley with the basket between them. Suddenly, Indy's whip flashes out sending b Arabs and the basket tumbling. Indy steps into view, his trained on the sprawled Arabs, and looks at the basket. T top has come flying off and the contents have clattered o the cobblestone: inside is not Marion, but a load of  contraband pistols, rifles and ammo. Indy is advancing on the trembling Bad Arabs with an ugly look when suddenly h hears Marion scream around the corner.
57) 0) text: Indy rounds the corner and is immediately driven back by  machine gun fire. Taking cover, he gets quick, intermitte glimpses of this scene: At the far corner of the large,  deserted square is a canvas-covered truck. Two Bad Arabs hurrying toward is with a large rattan basket between the Marion screaming inside. A German Agent is covering their retreat with a machine gun from the cab of the truck. Ind runs up to see the rattan basket being heaved into the ba of the truck.
76) 0) text: Indy finds himself in a tent set up for rather comfortabl living. He has just started to cross it when he hears a l excited grunting. He turns toward the sound. In the corne tied to a chair and gagged is Marion. Indy rushes to her, snatches the gag from her mouth and embraces her. They ki deep and long.
76) 2) dialog: They were throwing me around like a  rag doll.
76) 4) dialog: No. Not since I got here. They just  asked about you - what you knew. The  Frenchman's got the hot's for me.  I've been playing that along. Oh,  Indy, get me out of here.
76) 6) dialog: What's wrong?
76) 8) dialog: (louder) Cut me loose!
76) 10) dialog: (screaming) I said get me out of -
83) 0) text: Belloq has been talking to the still-bound Marion. He has removed her gag. He is impatient, angry, uncomfortable. C between two forces.
83) 2) dialog: I swear to you, I know nothing more.  I have no loyalty to Jones. He's  brought me only trouble.
83) 5) text: Marion's frightened look shifts suddenly to the entrance the tent. There are new arrivals there - Shliemann, Goble and Belzig. Belzig carries a black leather case. He steps forward and smiles at Marion.
86) 0) text: Sunlight is flooding this tableau: Sallah, Omar and his m are being held at bay by ten armed Nazis. The wooden crat sits safely nearby. Belzig and another Nazi have the gagg Marion held in their rough grasp.
86) 2) text: As Belloq speaks, Shliemann exchanges a look with Belzig. Belzig smiles and takes the gag from Marion's mouth.
87) 2) text: Belzig and the Nazi move Marion to the hole and, to Bello surprise, push her in. Marion falls thirty feet screaming Indy drops his torch, braces, and catches her! Her weight knocks him to the ground, almost into the snakes. She loo around at the snakes, clinging to him more desperately as struggles to his feet trying to unload her.
87) 3) dialog: Don't put me down!
87) 9) text: Belloq feels how much he is the outsider, his own  vulnerability. He backs down with the wisdom of survival. turns to look down at Indy and Marion. His manner is gall
87) 11) text: Belloq and the others step back from the hole and unseen  Nazis slam the heavy stone door into place. Marion scream Her scream is accompanied by - A huge WHOOSH! as air is sucked out and the chamber is se Half of the torches still burning go out with the sound. remaining torches continue to extinguish at punctuating  intervals throughout the following action and the snakes  immediately flood into the newly-darkened spaces. Indy pu Marion down and snatches up two burning torches. He hands one to Marion.
87) 14) dialog: What are you doing?
87) 16) text: Reminded of the encroaching snakes, Marion waves her torc at the nearest edge of their circle. She looks faint. Ind continues his slow turn.
87) 17) dialog: Whatever you're doing, do it faster.
87) 21) text: Marion is frozen in her spot. Indy drags her after him. H splashes oil the rest of the way to the wall. It lights a Indy pulls Marion over to the wall. He pours the remainin oil in a circle around them, creating a safe zone there.
87) 23) dialog: (grabbing him) Where are you going?
87) 25) text: Marion looks at the wall, which looks like all the rest t her. She thinks he's crazy.
87) 27) dialog: (panicked) What do you mean?
87) 28) text: Too late. Indy runs back through the path of flames to th center of the room. Snakes strike as his flying heels. In reaches the base of the pillar which he touched briefly o his original descent. He uses his torch to clear away the scattered snakes climbing on it, then pulls out his whip. draws it back, then wraps is solidly around the pillar 15 feet up. With the torch in his mouth, he begins climbing pillar. It moves ominously under his weight. The last two torches still burning on the floor go out. N the only light in the chamber is provided by the torches  held by Indy and Marion and the dwindling oil flames. Sna move in and surround the base of Indy's pillar. The path  between Marion and the center of the room is overrun. The circle of flame around Marion is dying down. She looks be it with terror-widened eyes, then up through the increasi smoke at the distant Indy. Near the top of the pillar, Indy's hands strain along his taut whip, which he has moves higher. A snake slithers in view there, inches from Indy's straining face. Indy turns his head so the torch in his mouth can burn it. The snake falls from the pillar. Indy's torch is dwindling. Indy wo his body around so that he is on the side of the pillar a from Marion. The pillar moves, showering dust. Indy looks the chamber wall five feet away, takes a breath and swing his legs up against it. He is now braced between pillar a wall.
87) 29) dialog: (screaming) Where are you?!
87) 30) text: Snakes are moving in force up the pillar toward Indy's  dwindling torch. Indy grasps the pillar for dear life,  grimaces with exertion and pushes against the wall with a he's got. The pillar begins to break loose of the ceiling then stops. Indy's eyes are on the torch. It is just a sp of flame now. Snakes are sliding up toward his hands. Ind again pushes against the wall and the torch falls out of mouth. The pillar goes! In the dim light, we see it fall like a  tree directly at Marion. Indy rides it down. The top hits the wall three feet from a cringing Marion and smashes th to a black chamber beyond. Indy flies off into the darkne Gone. Marion clutches her torch at the black hole.
87) 31) dialog: Indy! Where are you?! Please Lord!
88) 1) dialog: The snakes... are they here?
88) 3) dialog: Do you know where you're going?
88) 5) dialog: Thank god. Where?
88) 7) text: They round a corner and flush a covey of bats. Marion scr
88) 9) text: Marion gives him a look. They round a corner and begin a  walk through a maze of chambers that present for their  inspection: moldering mummies and stacked sarcophagi; a r decorated with a thousand human skulls; a wall crawling w huge scarabaeid beetles. Marion is quite naturally a nerv wreck; she jumps when Indy grabs her suddenly and points.
89) 0) text: Indy and Marion peek out into the light from the shadows an abandoned excavation. Before them is the improvised  airstrip serving the digs: a crude runway, a tent supply  depot, two fuel tank trucks. Down by the fuel trucks a Ge Mechanic is looking skyward. Now Indy and Marion look the too, drawn by the roaring sound of - A Flying Wing, which is circling over the digs in prepara to landing. Now a new figure approaches the German Mechanic. It is Go he yells to the mechanic, indicating the plane.
89) 2) text: In the distance, the Flying Wing lands and rolls toward t men. Gobler spins and heads back toward the main camp, wh is hidden from view by a rise. Indy and Marion watch him
89) 4) text: The Flying Wing rolls up into the space near the fuel tru The German Mechanic puts blue blocks in front of the tire as the engines continue to roar. Indy and Marion run in a crouch to a hiding spot closer t the plane, near the supply tent. Suddenly, a Second Germa Mechanic appears behind them. He is as surprised as they  are, but recovers quickly and swings a big monkey wrench Indy. Indy grabs the swinging arm and the two men tumble into the open, wrestling. Marion remains hidden, moving f among the crates. The first German Mechanic, who is just pulling the fuel h from the tank truck to the plane, sees the combatants and runs to help his countryman. He is almost upon them when  Indy puts the Second German away with a devastating left right - left combination. He turns to find the first Germ Mechanic flying at him. The roll toward the rear of the F Wing and its lethally spinning reversed propellers. In the cockpit of the Flying Wing, the Pilot has been fid with his gauges just prior to shutting off his engines. N he notices the fight going on outside. The fistfight between Indy and the German Mechanic has ta on a new stomach-tightening dimension. The men are fighti and flailing in and out between the spinning props at the back of the plane's wings. Each man comes within inches o becoming instant mincemeat. The Pilot slides away the top of his cockpit and stands u He pulls a Luger from his side and points it, waiting for clear shot at Indy. The German Mechanic kicks Indy away f him and the Pilot aims his pistol. Suddenly, Marion appea behind the Pilot, standing on the opposite wing, and bash him over the head with one of the blue blocks that was ho the tires. The Pilot drops down into the cockpit, his bod falling on the throttle. The engines roar louder, revving up. The plane begins to roll, rotating around its one sti blocked set of tires. Marion grabs onto the cockpit to ke from slipping into the props. She bends into the cockpit, trying to pull the Pilot's body off the throttle. No luck She grimaces and climbs inside. Her shoulder bumps the to of the cockpit; it slides tightly shut above her. Under the moving wing, Indy delivers a knockout rightcros to the German Mechanic which sends him staggering back to a roaring propeller. Indy's grimace registers the man's d and a fine mist of blood wafts toward him. Indy spins tow the sound of crumpling metal and sees - The other prop of the Flying Wing slice into a tank truck The airplane fuel inside floods out onto the pavement,  surrounding the plane. Indy backpedals away from the plan his eyes searching the scene for Marion. Suddenly, he is  shocked to see her in the cockpit. He runs toward her,  skidding through the gasoline.
89) 6) text: Marion is struggling with the top of the cockpit. She can budge it. She's trapped.
91) 6) text: Gobler nods and runs off. Shliemann heads back toward cam Belloq hesitates a long moment, studying the burning wrec with an odd, suspicious look. Finally, he turns and leave passing a nearby stack of barrels. When he has passed, Sa appears from among the barrels. He searches the crowd for his people and starts a broken field run along some tents avoid a group of Germans and is running flat-out when som sticks out a leg and sends him flipping. Sallah, dust all over his face, looks angrily toward the concealed culprit At once, a flashing white grin splits his darkened face.  Indy and Marion, splotched with soot and oil, are hiding the flap of a tent. Sallah runs into their arms and the t embrace warmly. When they break -
91) 8) dialog: Us too.
92) 0) text: Sallah, Indy and Marion run into a hiding spot behind som water barrels near the Command Tent. They peek out at thi activity - In the big space near the Command Tent is parked an open  German staff car; inside is a Blond Driver and an Armed G Directly behind it is a canvas-topped troop truck. At thi moment, Belloq and Shliemann are supervising the careful  placement of the crated Ark in the back of the truck. Whe it is securely placed inside, we hear an ominous marching sound and Nine Armed Nazis appear at a trot from between  some tents and climb into the back of the truck with the  Ark. Behind the water barrels, Sallah and Marion exchange hapl looks, But Indy just concentrates on - The scene by the truck: Belloq and Shliemann are about to climb into the front staff car when they pause to check o the final component of the convoy. Rolling into place beh the truck is another open staff car. But this one is spec mounted in the back is a big, black machine gun, manned b Gunner. At the wheel of the car is Gobler and next to him sits Belzig. Sallah and Marion look at Indy. Belloq and Shliemann clim in the back seat of the front car and the caravan pulls o Indy watches it go, thinking hard.
92) 2) dialog: What about you?
92) 4) text: Sallah nods. Marion looks at him like he's nuts. Indy jum up, looks around desperately.
92) 5) dialog: How are you going to get that truck?
99) 0) text: The waterfront is dark and misty. An old tramp steamer, t BANTU WIND, sits by the pier. Several fierce Black Africa Pirates, the crewmembers, are taking on final stores. A small light illuminates the top of the gangplank. In it circle, Indy and Marion exchange long, warm embraces with Sallah. A short distance away the ship's Captain, a hands powerful black named SIMON KATANGA, watches from the rail smoking a pipe.
101) 0) text: Indy comes in, takes off his hat, jacket, whip and holste The door which connects this cabin to the next opens and  Marion appears. She is carrying a half-full glass of liqu but what you notice is the long, snow-white, high-necked  nightgown she is wearing. It is very prim. Very innocent. And very sexy. Marion does a slightly embarrassed model's turn for Indy.
101) 1) dialog: I have a feeling I'm not the first  woman to travel with these pirates.  There's a whole wardrobe in there.
101) 3) text: Indy sits on the cot, takes off his boots. He leans back  against the wall and rubs his eyes. Marion sits on the be leans back against the wall with him and looks down at he white nightgown. She chuckles.
101) 4) dialog: I feel like a virgin bride in this.
101) 6) dialog: (takes a drink) There are some things you can  recapture in this life, but that  isn't one of them.
101) 8) dialog: (after a long pause) Nothing. That is the way it is.
101) 12) dialog: No. Then again, I burned up that  plane.
101) 14) dialog: And you saved mine.
101) 16) dialog: That's the way I like them.
101) 18) text: Marion thinks about this a long time.
101) 19) dialog: No. Not yet.
103) 0) text: Marion awakes with a start, alone in the cot. Something's wrong. The ship is quiet. Indy is strapping on his holste He pulls his ship and jacket from a hook.
103) 1) dialog: What is it?
103) 3) dialog: Why?
107) 0) text: Indy flies down some stairs and starts to round a corner. Suddenly he throws himself backwards, out of view. Three  uniformed Nazis are clustered near a cabin door holding t Messenger Pirate. Now two more come out of the cabin tryi to maintain their grasp on a kicking, yelling Marion. She still wearing her white nightgown. More Nazis clamber ont the deck and head toward Indy, slamming open doors, roust Pirates, spouting racial epithets. Indy steps backwards a fades into the maze of the ship.
109) 0) text: Captain Katanga watches as his crew is crowded into a cir of Nazis on the wide deck below him. He is surrounded by  Belloq, Shliemann, and several Nazis, two of whom are hol Marion. Now the Nazis from the hold appear on the lower d carrying the crated Ark by means of the long poles. Bello eyes shine at the sight.
109) 14) text: This appeals to Shliemann's nature. He signals his agreem with a gesture. Belloq ushers Marion away with her two  keepers.
116) 0) text: The Wurrfler has arrived at an extraordinary base built i the hollow interior of the island. This chamber, with the docking bay, is almost all water. A huge natural cavern, has been reinforced and enlarged by the Germans. The Wurrfler sits surfaced at the dock. The Ark has been  unloaded and placed on a cart. Shliemann, Belloq and Mari have just disembarked and been met by a Nazi contingent f the base. Marion looks worse for the trip. Her white nigh is now ripped and smudged. One of the greeting Nazis, a TALL CAPTAIN, salutes Shliem and Belloq. As he speaks to them, we notice that right be this group, just above a great deal of sub unloading acti Indy's whip hangs from the periscope. Working Nazis pass  within feet of it unaware; the Tall Captain would see it a moment if he were not so focused on the new arrivals.
120) 0) text: The light in here is lovely, unearthly. Oil lamps burn. T Tabernacle is really several concentric, silk tents, whic creates a flowing maze effect. The innermost tent has at center a 3-foot high, tapestry-covered altar. Belloq watc with gleaming, obsessed eyes as two Nazis carefully lift actual Ark out of its crate by means of the long poles. T Ark dazzles the eye, seeming to glow gold in this strange light. The two Nazis place it carefully on the altar.  Shliemann and some Aides hang back. Marion is nowhere to seen.
126) 2) text: Suddenly, Indy looks as - The far side of the Tabernacle burns completely away,  revealing Marion, tied spread-eagle between two upright p Her nightgown is now in tatters, black with soot. She is  gagged, but her eyes are screaming, focused on the flamin river of black oil which is about to engulf her feet. Indy rushes toward her, unaware of a uniformed Nazi who h appeared from the flames. Marion looks up to see Indy and the Nazi leveling his submachine gun at Indy. She motions desperately with her eyes. Indy dives and rolls through t flames just as the Nazi opens fire. From the floor, Indy  blasts the Nazi. The river of burning oil is only a foot from Marion. Indy jumps up and runs toward the bound Marion, his bayon aimed directly at her. Her wide eyes flash between the fl and the shining blade. Expertly, Indy slashes down both s at Marion, cutting all four bindings. Marion falls backwa away from the flames, but before she hits the ground, Ind is there, catching her in his arms. They embrace. They kiss. They break.
126) 4) dialog: Oh, Indy! Thank god you're here.
126) 6) text: Indy rises, pulling her up with him. The Tabernacle is bu away so fast that soon Indy and Marion will be completely exposed. Indy rushes over and grabs the submachine gun an Luger from the dead Nazi.
126) 8) dialog: What about the Ark?
126) 11) dialog: Hell yes! We've made it this far.
126) 15) text: Marion nods. Each taking an end with the poles, they lift the Ark from the altar and lower it to the floor. Marion  grunts under the weight. Indy registers this, hands her t submachine gun. He pulls out his whip, motions her back, sweeps the whip tightly around the body of the Ark. The w wraps snugly around the plaiting and Indy ties it off. Th Ark is now harnessed to the whip handle. Indy gives it an experimental pull and the Ark slides across the smooth ce Indy indicates the direction of the second train tunnel.
127) 0) text: Two huge stacks of goods are ablaze and the Nazis are hav trouble getting water to them. The Nazis main concern at  this point is an enormous, neat stack of wooden cartridge boxes which are piled down the wall from one of the alrea blazing, and now teetering, stacks of general goods. Nerv Nazis are moving the heavy cartridge boxes as fast as the can, but it's slow work and the threatening fire is close Indy and Marion make their way along the side of the cent court, Indy grimacing with the strain of pulling the Ark. One Nazi stops directly in front of them, looking at them queerly. Indy knocks him out with the butt of his Luger j as Marion is about to fire. Out in the court, Shliemann has regained his eyesight. No he crouches, scanning the scene desperately for Indy. He  looks into the remains of the Tabernacle and spots the em altar. Beyond it, the unoccupied posts where Marion was b At the entrance to the second train tunnel, Indy and Mari struggle to lift the Ark into a mine car. Marion has the  submachine gun slung over her back. The Ark drops heavily into the bottom of the car. The noise attracts the attent of five water-carrying Nazis. They see what's going on an reach for their side-arms. Indy grabs Marion, pulls her i front of him - as though to use her as a shield - and fli the submachine gun, still on her back, toward the Nazis. He opens fire, turning Marion's body so he can mow all fi down. Shliemann spins around and looks at the tunnel entrance. points at Indy and Marion, who have just hopped into the  mine car with the Ark.
127) 2) text: A dozen Nazis spin and look at the mine car. Marion is ju leveling the submachine gun. Indy pushes forward the thro and the mine car moves toward the tunnel, picking up spee As the Nazis raise their guns to fire, Marion and Indy bo open up, peppering the area with lead. As the mine car is about to disappear into the tunnel -
129) 0) text: The car with Indy and Marion looks almost sluggish compar to the pursuing Nazi car as they both make their way into usually long straightaway. Marion discards her empty  submachine gun as Indy kicks at his throttle and casts a  worried look back at Shliemann. Shliemann, sensing victory, smiles evilly and carefully t aim. Indy and Marion will be easy targets until they reac that approaching low cross beam, which is the crest of th rising tunnel.
132) 0) text: Indy and Marion look back at the low cross beam as the la tongue of flame makes it there and then is doused by fall rock and dirt. They look at each other, then turn their  attention back to their own predicament. Their mine car i going incredible fast as it moves into a downward section wildly twisting tunnel.
132) 1) dialog: Slow it down!
132) 2) text: Indy is already pulling the throttle. It moves easily.  Unfortunately, it is no longer attached to the motor. The mine car is out of control. After several moments, far ah appears a circle of bright daylight - the end of the tunn It approaches at a frightening rate. Indy reaches out and grasps Marion's hand. They exchange looks and then turn t look ahead.
133) 0) text: High up on the slope of the island, Indy and Marion's min car shoots out of the black tunnel and roars down toward little dock at the end of the tracks. A small Nazi transport launch, carefully disguised as a G fishing boat, sits bobbing by the dock. The only human: a Nazi Sentry dressed as a Greek peasant. He is perched on pile of seed bags which are stacked at the very end of th train tracks. As the mine car barrels noisily down toward him, he throws away some burlap to reveal a mounted machi gun which he spins quickly around toward the approaching  mine car. He opens fire. In the out-of-control mine car, Indy pulls Marion down wi him. They are squashed into the corner trying to avoid co with the bouncing Ark. Bullets clang against the outside the car and whiz inches overhead. Indy and Marion are for into a tighter and tighter embrace of life. At the machine gun post, the Nazi Sentry has been firing  like crazy, but now there is terror in his eyes. He reali the car is not going to stop. He lacks faith in his  stronghold. Too late. The mine car smashes into the seed bag bunker. And right through. The Nazi Sentry, his machine gun and a dozen bur seed bags are slammed into the ocean in a wild, hurtling  mass. The mine car jumps, bounces and spins around, then  slides to a stop in a cloud of seed at the edge of the wa
136) 0) text: Indy, Brody, and Marion, looking very stylish, are seated Colonel Musgrove's huge office. Sun pours in a window, th which Washington can be seen sparkling across the Potomac Everything is neat and clean and regular. Including the t men who are arrayed around the office. Two we know - Col. Musgrove and Maj. Eaton. The third is an unnamed Bureaucr He hangs back, smiling and genial, his features obscured the glare of the window. He doesn't say anything, yet you have a sense that the others defer to him in the matter a hand. He is the essence of all that is Byzantine and  inscrutable in our scrubbed government machine. Indy and Brody are dissatisfied with the way the meeting gone. Marion, on the other hand, is very happy and eager get out of there. Eaton's manner is irritatingly cheery.
136) 3) dialog: Quite.
137) 0) text: Indy, Brody and Marion emerge from the building. Brody bi them farewell and moves off in another direction. Marion  clings to Indy's arm in an energetic, very feminine way,  scolding him.
137) 1) dialog: Well they aren't going to tell you,  so why don't you just forget it. I'd  think you'd had enough of that damn  Ark. Just put your mind on something  else.
137) 4) text: Marion makes a face, then puts her arms around his neck a plants a humdinger of a kiss on his mouth. It goes on a w Finally they break.