43) 0) text: Indy and Marion have been welcomed like family into the  crowded home of SALLAH, his wife FAYAH, and their NINE  CHILDREN (ages 4 - 18). Fayah, a huge, imposing woman,  appears, at first glance, to be the power in the house.  Sallah, a small, cheerful, energetic fellow in his fortie defers to his wife in all matters of little importance.  Suddenly the general liveliness at the children's table  escalates into pandemonium, attracting the attention of t adults.
43) 8) dialog: (cheerfully) All of Allah's creatures are welcome  here. You please us by letting us  please you.
44) 0) text: Indy and Sallah sit in the small, protected courtyard. Sa holds the two sections of the headpiece, the medallion an the base, and has for the first time fitted them together They fit perfectly and complete the headpiece. He peruses the markings on the headpiece quizzically. Indy is cleani and loading a .45 automatic.
44) 2) dialog: All Arabs look alike to them, Indy.
44) 4) dialog: We found it three days ago. I broke  through myself.
44) 6) dialog: The Frenchman is helping them.
44) 9) dialog: I'm afraid this has put the Germans  close to finding the Well of the  Souls.
44) 11) dialog: (shakes his head "no") But I know someone who might. You  can go to see him tomorrow. (a worried expression) Indy... something bothers me.
44) 13) text: Sallah finds it hard to say. When he finally speaks, his  words are accompanied by a strange, eerie, foreboding rus of wind through the courtyard. Just a coincidence we migh suppose.
44) 14) dialog: It is the Ark. If it is there, at  Tanis... It is not something man was  meant to disturb... Death has always  surrounded it. It is not of this  earth.
45) 0) text: Indy and Marion are briskly walking along one of Cairo's  busy bazaar streets. Vendors with fine cloth, pottery,  baskets, jewelry, etc line the street. Marion has the Mon from Sallah's house on her shoulder.
61) 0) text: Indy climbs into the cab of Sallah's truck with a smiling Sallah as the children pile into the back. Sallah pulls o
61) 1) dialog: I thought we would find you there. (indicating the kids) Better than the United States Marines,  eh?
61) 3) dialog: Yes, I know. I am sorry. (pause) More reason than ever to beat the  bastards. (he touches Indy) Life goes on, Indy. (indicates the kids  again) There is the proof.
61) 5) dialog: I have much to tell you, Indy.
62) 0) text: Fayah brings in a tray of food and puts it on the table. bowl of dates is in one corner. As Fayah leaves the room, the Monkey slips out of Sallah's lap and disappears under the table. Indy leans over the food tray, his hand hoveri over the dates. But he chooses some cheese and bread inst
62) 2) dialog: (nods vigorously) This morning. Belloq and the boss  German, Shliemann. When they came  out of the map room, we were given a  new spot in which to dig... out away  from the camp.
62) 4) text: Sallah nods, moves to the food. He picks up a date, then  changes his mind and drops it, taking a bunch of grapes  instead. Indy picks up a chicken leg in one hand and a da in the other, his mind distracted. Fayah enters the room  just in time to see Indy flip the date high into the air try to catch it in his mouth. It bounces off his chin and falls to the floor. Indy looks sheepishly at Fayah. Fayah picks up the fallen date and puts it in the dirty ash tra she is now removing. Amir speaks in a slow, raspy voice  without looking up.
62) 14) dialog: About seventy-five inches.
62) 18) text: Indy, still holding the date, exchanges a long look with  Sallah.
62) 20) text: Sallah nods.
62) 22) text: Sallah and Indy begin to laugh. Amir gives them a glance returns to his wine. Sallah leans over and kisses the old man.
62) 23) dialog: (to Amir) A home run, my friend, grand slam! (to Indy) We have a saying - "A little luck is  better than much smartness." Indy,  pardner, you are very lucky fellow.
62) 24) text: Indy hoots. Then he takes the data in his hand and flips high in the air. He opens his mouth to catch it, but it  doesn't come down. He has inadvertently thrown it into a  bowl of a hanging lamp. This makes the men laugh even har Indy goes over and picks up another date. He turns laughi to Sallah and doesn't see as the Monkey's paw comes up,  slowly, takes another date and begins to withdraw. Sudden the paw is stricken with palsy and the unseen Monkey goes into its death throws. Sallah watches the paw as though  hypnotized. Finally the paw slips from sight and we hear solid THUMP! on the floor. Sallah walks around the table looks at the floor. The Monkey lies dead among a mess of  date pits. Indy is in a happy world of his own. He throws his date h in the air. He positions himself under it and waits for i to drop in. Here it comes. Right on target. As it's about disappear into Indy's mouth, Sallah's hand flashes in and grabs it. Indy looks mystified and disappointed. Sallah  motions toward the dead Monkey.
62) 25) dialog: Bad dates.
63) 0) text: Two old trucks come down a narrow mountain road and onto flat surface of the desert. Further out into the desert, the one in the lead, Sallah' truck, stops and the second one, Omar's truck, pulls up b it. There are half dozen Arab Diggers in Omar's truck. In dressed as an Arab, gets out of the cab of Sallah's truck and moves over to confer with OMAR, another old friend. T point off into the desert and reach some conclusion. Indy gives him a pat on the back; Omar turns off the road and  drives into the desert with his workers. Indy hops back i the cab of Sallah's truck with Sallah. As they move down road we see that the back of the truck holds three other  Arab Diggers.
64) 0) text: Indy and Sallah are lying in classic shouting fashion at top of the rise looking down on the Tanis Digs. Down behi them, Sallah's truck is parked with the three Arab Digger
64) 2) text: The Tanis Digs are laid out below like a painting. Trucks bulldozers, Arab workers and German supervisors are  everywhere. The excavations themselves are extensive and  somewhat random-holes have been dug and then abandoned,  foundations and passageways unearthed and then deserted.  Beyond the main digs, a crude airstrip has been created.  Sallah points to what appears to be a mound of dirt with hole in it near the center of the activity.
64) 3) dialog: There! That is the map room!
64) 5) dialog: Just after eight.
64) 7) text: Sallah points out into the desert a short way beyond the  main area of activity. The desert turns to sand dunes out there, the surface undulating into the distance. Several  trucks and men are out there and a bulldozer is lumbering noisily toward it.
65) 0) text: Sallah's truck drives through the camp, one of the Arab  Diggers at the wheel. Indy and Sallah are in the back and look just like the other two Arab Diggers. Sallah's truck does behind a tent and when it appears on the other side, Indy and Sallah are gone.
66) 0) text: Indy and Sallah move stealthily among the tents. Indy car a smooth wooden staff almost seven feet tall. They stop  between two tents and look across a path at the entrance the map room. What appeared to be a mound of dirt is actu the roof on the ancient building. The hole/entrance is a  five-foot square skylight. Indy looks around, then walks  casually to the edge of the hole and looks inside. Sallah joins him, producing a length of rope from his robes. Ind drops the staff into the unseen map room as Sallah ties t rope around on oil drum. When it's secure, Indy wastes no time disappearing down it into the map room.
68) 0) text: An extremely nervous Sallah has the gathered rope in his  hands and is trying to appear casual as he inches back to the oil drum. There is now a good bit of activity going o up here.
68) 2) text: Sallah jumps about three feet. The JEEP GERMAN is standin in an open space ten yards away looking at Sallah.
68) 4) text: Sallah gestures his innocence.
68) 6) text: The Jeep German starts back toward his major concern: his jeep is stuck in some sand beyond the next tent. Some Ara Workers are trying in vain to budge it. Now another Germa has backed his truck up to it. Sallah can think of nothin to do expect obey. With a worried glance at the map room, begins untying the rope from the oil drum.
70) 0) text: Sallah watches nervously as his precious rope is pulled t between the pulling truck and the stuck jeep. He doesn't  notice that he has chosen to stand next to a large, steam kettle of food until -
70) 2) text: He points to the kettle. Sallah looks frantically from th rope, back to the skylight of the map room, to the kettle food.
70) 4) text: Sallah picks up some serving pieces and gets to work.
72) 0) text: Sallah, sweating profusely, has finished serving the line Breakfasting Germans and now heads back to replace the ke and get away.
74) 0) text: Indy sticks his head out the skylight, sees it clear and  flops his body out. Sallah, crouching behind the oil drum immediately starts pulling in the makeshift rope. Sallah  stuffs the rope in the oil drum and the two men begin wak toward some tents.
74) 2) text: Sallah glances at Indy, Then hurries back in that directi The Hungry German focuses on Indy.
77) 0) text: With the digs behind them, Indy and Sallah run up to the  ridge of the dune and over the top. At the bottom of the side, Omar's truck is parked. Omar and his men are waitin
79) 0) text: Omar's truck is parked at the spot just viewed from afar. Dunes rise on either side. One of Omar's men has been pos as a lookout up on a ridge. Everybody else - Indy, Sallah Omar, and his men - have begun digging for the Wells of t Souls.
81) 0) text: In the eerie conjunction of moonlight and torchlight, Ind and the other men step back in awe of their discovery: th flush with the bottom of their pit, is a heavy stone entr door to an underground chamber. Special prying tools are  produced. With two men assigned to each of the two long t they work in unison to open the vault. They open it a foo and the other men rush in to flop the heavy door complete open. Down inside, only blackness. The men quickly prostrate themselves around the edge of t entry to look inside. Indy and Sallah each take a torch a hold them down the hole.
81) 7) dialog: Asps. Very dangerous.
82) 0) text: Fifteen torches have been dropped to the floor of the cha combining to make a good-sized clear zone. Smoke begins t fill the room. Several canisters of oil have been lowered into this space. Now, a large wooden crate is lowered slo by rope. Rope handles are attached to each end of the cra Up at the hole, Indy gives Sallah a reassuring pat, takes breath, and swings carefully onto a rope hanging from the hole. Despite his care, he swings a bit and his feet hit stone pillar which is so near the entry. Surprisingly, th pillar actually moves a bit, showering a light rain of  crumbled stone to the floor below. Indy lands on the floor of the Well. He looks at the alta over a sea of undulating death. He picks up an oil canist and splashes two parallel lines of oil and lights them. A path six feet wide begins to open to the altar. Behind In Sallah comes quickly down the rope. We begin to INTERCUT all the action in the Well from here with insert shots of the snakes outside the flames. Snake and snakes. We see: snakes piled and entwined six inches  deep; mother snakes laying snake eggs; snake eggs hatchin little snakes; snakes cannibalizing other snakes.
85) 0) text: Indy and Sallah are on the altar. Pushing together with a their strength, the heavy stone top of the protective che begins to slide away. Indy and Sallah exchange slightly w but very excited looks, then continue to push. As the Ark begins to be exposed, the air seems to almost vibrate, to become electrostatically charged. We hear what sounds lik low HUM. The sea of snakes around the altar draws back fu from this presence. As the top of the stone chest is pushed completely off an slams down beside it, we see THE LOST ARK OF THE COVENANT It is awesomely beautiful, breathtaking. 4 feet long, 2.5 feet wide and 2.5 feet high. It's height, however, is  increased by the two sculptured gold angels mounted facin each other on the top. Though the body of the Ark is acac wood, it has been overlaid with gold. An elaborate gold c surrounds the top edge and gold carrying rings are attach to each corner. Sallah is mesmerized by the sight. His hand starts to rea out and touch one of the angels, but Indy grabs it.
85) 2) text: The wooden crate stands open next to the stone chest. Now Indy extracts the wooden poles from its rings and begins  fitting them through the rings in the Ark. This takes som maneuvering by the two men, but soon they are able to lif the Ark clear of the stone chest and into the wooden crat They extract the poles, fasten the top of the crate and s the poles through the rings of the wooden crate. They sta back toward the space under the hole. The fire strips have begun to dwindle, as have some of th torches. The snakes move slowly in toward the clear space Indy and Sallah eye them nervously as they hurry along wi their heavy load. Under the hole, they hurriedly attach r to the wooden crate and it is pulled up. Indy's concentra is on the tide of snakes.
85) 4) text: Sallah takes the next rope and climbs quickly out of the  Well. Indy has picked up a torch and now throws it at a p of snakes who are too close for his comfort. He turns and takes hold of the exit rope. He gives it a first tug and falls down into the Well, landing partly beyond the ring fire where is instantly disappears in a tangle of angry,  hissing asps. Indy looks up at the hole.
86) 0) text: Sunlight is flooding this tableau: Sallah, Omar and his m are being held at bay by ten armed Nazis. The wooden crat sits safely nearby. Belzig and another Nazi have the gagg Marion held in their rough grasp.
90) 0) text: Three Armed Nazis stand guard around the wooden crate  containing the Ark. It is sitting near the flopped-open  entrance to the Command Tent and there is furious activit going on here. Belloq, Shliemann, Gobler, Belzig and asso Aides are packing up all the papers and personal items in preparation for a hasty departure. A large crowd of Arab Diggers is milling about among the  tents. They all want to get a look at the Ark. Sallah is  among them. All at once, there is a earthshaking explosio Al eyes turn toward the rise that hides the airstrip. A h fireball floats into view over there. Everyone starts run toward it. Shliemann yells at Belzig and the Armed Nazis.
91) 6) text: Gobler nods and runs off. Shliemann heads back toward cam Belloq hesitates a long moment, studying the burning wrec with an odd, suspicious look. Finally, he turns and leave passing a nearby stack of barrels. When he has passed, Sa appears from among the barrels. He searches the crowd for his people and starts a broken field run along some tents avoid a group of Germans and is running flat-out when som sticks out a leg and sends him flipping. Sallah, dust all over his face, looks angrily toward the concealed culprit At once, a flashing white grin splits his darkened face.  Indy and Marion, splotched with soot and oil, are hiding the flap of a tent. Sallah runs into their arms and the t embrace warmly. When they break -
91) 7) dialog: Holy smoke, my friends! I am so  pleased you are not dead.
91) 9) dialog: (suddenly remembering) The Ark! They're taking it on a truck  to Cairo.
91) 11) text: Sallah gestures to follow and all three run off stealthil through the mostly deserted camp.
92) 0) text: Sallah, Indy and Marion run into a hiding spot behind som water barrels near the Command Tent. They peek out at thi activity - In the big space near the Command Tent is parked an open  German staff car; inside is a Blond Driver and an Armed G Directly behind it is a canvas-topped troop truck. At thi moment, Belloq and Shliemann are supervising the careful  placement of the crated Ark in the back of the truck. Whe it is securely placed inside, we hear an ominous marching sound and Nine Armed Nazis appear at a trot from between  some tents and climb into the back of the truck with the  Ark. Behind the water barrels, Sallah and Marion exchange hapl looks, But Indy just concentrates on - The scene by the truck: Belloq and Shliemann are about to climb into the front staff car when they pause to check o the final component of the convoy. Rolling into place beh the truck is another open staff car. But this one is spec mounted in the back is a big, black machine gun, manned b Gunner. At the wheel of the car is Gobler and next to him sits Belzig. Sallah and Marion look at Indy. Belloq and Shliemann clim in the back seat of the front car and the caravan pulls o Indy watches it go, thinking hard.
92) 4) text: Sallah nods. Marion looks at him like he's nuts. Indy jum up, looks around desperately.
99) 0) text: The waterfront is dark and misty. An old tramp steamer, t BANTU WIND, sits by the pier. Several fierce Black Africa Pirates, the crewmembers, are taking on final stores. A small light illuminates the top of the gangplank. In it circle, Indy and Marion exchange long, warm embraces with Sallah. A short distance away the ship's Captain, a hands powerful black named SIMON KATANGA, watches from the rail smoking a pipe.