1) 7) text: Satipo watches this confrontation with some concern.
1) 10) text: He turns back to the trail. Satipo gets the two remaining Indians moving behind Indy. Satipo and Barranca then have fast, silent communication: Barranca indicates his desire slit Indy's throat; Satipo gives him a look that says "Be patient, you idiot".
1) 12) dialog: (showing Indy) The Hovitos are near. The poison is  still fresh... three days. They're  following us, I tell you.
1) 14) text: The two Indiana jabber in Quechua, near hysteria. Barranc is sweating profusely, eyes darting. He yells at the Indi in Quechua to "shut up". In the undergrowth, there is slithering movement. Indian #1 draws aside a branch and is faced with a horrif stone sculpture of a Chachapoyan demon. The Indian is so  frightened no sound comes out when he screams. He turns a runs silently away. Indian #2 calls to his friend. Getting no response, he st in that direction. A huge macaw, flushed from the undergr screams and flies away. Indian #2 does exactly the same t never to be seen again. Indy, Satipo and Barranca, just clearing the trees, look  back in that direction. They all turn to face the Temple. It is dark and awesome. Vegetation curls from every crevi over each elaborate frieze. The entrance - round, open an black - has been designed to look like open jaws.
1) 16) dialog: A friend of yours?
1) 19) text: Indy takes the weird feather from the band of his hat. Fr around its point, he slips a tightly rolled piece of  parchment. Barranca and Satipo exchange a quick "So that' where is was!" look. They all kneel as Indy spreads out t parchment. On it is one-half of a crude floorplan of the  Temple.
1) 21) text: Indy fixes them with an expectant stare. Satipo produces similar, but folded, piece of parchment. He lays it - the other half of the floorplan - next to Indy's. They all re it for a moment, then Indy stands and walks toward the Te Barranca's eyes are shining as they dart between the floo and Satipo.
1) 23) text: Barranca is suddenly on his feet, quietly drawing his pis He raises it toward Indy as Satipo realizes with alarm wh he's doing. Too late. Indy's head turns and he sees Barra Indy's next move is amazing, graceful and fast, yet total unhurried. His right hand slides up under the back of his leather jacket and emerges grasping the handle of a neatl curled bullwhip. With the same fluid move that brings Ind body around to face the Peruvian, the whip uncoils to its full ten foot length and flashes out. The fall of the whip (the unplaited strip at the end of t lash) wraps itself around Barranca's hand and pistol. He  could not drop the gun now if he tried. Indy gives the whip a short pull and Barranca's arm in je down, where it involuntarily discharges the gun into the  dirt. Barranca is amazed, but feels some slack in the whi and immediately raises the gun toward Indy again, cocking with his free hand. Indy's face goes hard. And sad. Indy sweeps his arm in a wide arc. Barranca spins around, enclosed in the whip, his gun hand stuck tight against hi body. Indy gives one more short jerk on the whip handle a Barranca's gun fires. Barranca falls dead. Indy looks quickly at Satipo, who is shocked and frighten He raises his arms in supplication.
1) 24) dialog: I knew nothing! He was crazy! Please!
2) 0) text: Indy and Satipo, carrying a torch, walk up the slightly  inclined, tubular passage from the main entrance. The int is wet and dark, hanging with plant life and stalactites. Their echoing footsteps intermittently overpower the soun of loud dripping, whistling air drafts and scampering cla
2) 3) dialog: What's wrong? Are you lost?
2) 6) dialog: (gulps) We can go no further.
2) 8) text: Indy steps sideways into the chamber. His back pressed ag the very points of the retracted spikes, he moves along t edge of the light beam, and steps clear on the other side Satipo grimaces and begins sweating his way through.
2) 11) text: He lowers the torch to the floor of the landing. The land is carpeted with human skeletons, one on top of another, squashed flat as cardboard. Satipo gasps. Indy looks up a the ceiling of the landing, then steps onto skeletons, wh make a cracking noise under his feet.
2) 14) dialog: SeГ±or, I think we are very close.
2) 16) dialog: (impatient) Let us hurry. There is nothing to  fear here.
2) 18) text: They begin walking down the hall side by side. Satipo has inched a little ahead. Suddenly his lead foot comes down through the floor! As Satipo begins to pitch forward, Ind grabs him by the belt and pulls him back. They both look  down at the "floor". Indy swings his whip across the floor. Fifteen feet of it cuts open beneath the lash, falling away to reveal black as wide as the hall. The illusory floor was made of dust- covered cobwebs. Satipo picks up a stone and drops it dow the pit. No sound. The two men exchange glances. Indy loo up at the high roof of the hall. He swings the whip up ar a support beam, tests its strength with a pull and swings over the pit on the whip. From the other side he swings t whip back to Satipo, who throws Indy the torch. Satipo sw across. When they are both standing on solid floor there a moment of quiet in which they hear, from far, far below SPLASH! Indy wedges the whip handle into the wall and lea it strung to the beam for quick retreat.
2) 20) dialog: There's plenty of light, amigo.
2) 21) text: Indy kneels and uses the unlit end of the torch to reach and tap a white tile. It is solid. He taps a black tile.  There is a whizzing sound and a tiny dark sticks in the t Satipo points to the wall nearby: there is a recessed hol there.
2) 22) dialog: From that hole!
2) 23) text: Indy nods, stands and looks around the sanctuary. The ent room is honey-comed with the same kind of hole. Satipo se it too and is properly impressed.
2) 25) dialog: If you insist, seГ±or.
2) 26) text: Torch in hand, Indy begins his careful walk across the  sanctuary. Stepping only on the white tiles, he almost ap to be doing a martial arts kata. Before each big move he  waves the torch in front of him head to toe, looking at t flame. Halfway out, he sees something on the floor and kn to look at it. A dead bird lies on one of the white tiles. Its body is  riddled with little deadly darts. This has great signific to Indy and he stands with even greater caution. He waves the torch ahead of him and at waist height an air current whips at the flame. Indy ducks under it and leaves a burn mark on the white tile beneath it. Satipo watches, wide-eyed and mystified. Indy reaches the altar. The tiny idol looks both fierce a beautiful. It rests on a pedestal of polished stone. Indy looks the whole set-up over very carefully. From his jack he takes a small, canvas drawstring bad. He begins fillin it with dirt from around the case of the altar. When he h created a weight that he thinks approximates the weight o the idol, he bounces it a couple times in his palm  concentrating. It's clear he wants to replace the idol wi the bag as smoothly as possible. His hand seems ready to that once, when he stops, takes a breath and loosens his  shoulder muscles. Now he sets himself again. And makes th switch! The idol is now in his hand, the bag on the pedes For a long moment it sits there, then the polished stone  beneath the bag drops five inches. This sets off an AURAL CHAIN REACTION of steadily increasing volume as some huge mysterious mechanism rumbles into action deep in the temp Indy spins and starts his kata back across the sanctuary four times the speed. Satipo's eyes widen in terror. He turns and runs.
2) 29) dialog: No time to argue. Throw me the idol,  I throw you the whip.
2) 31) dialog: You have no choice! Hurry!
2) 32) text: Indy concurs with that assessment. He tosses the idol acr the pit to Satipo. Satipo stuffs it in the front pocket o his jacket, gives Indy a look, then drops the whip on the floor and runs.
2) 33) dialog: Adios, amigo!