96) 0) text: The Blond Driver of the front staff car sees the truck mo up on him in the rearview mirror and speeds up. Belloq,  Shliemann and the Armed Guard in the car twist around to  look at the struggle in the truck. The Blond Driver begin what will be a continuing preview of the twists in the ro He turns his wheel sharply and takes the lead car around bend. In the cab of the truck, Indy and the Truck Driver stop t fight temporarily and cooperate in turning the steering w The truck barely stays on the road. A full view reveals the incredible geography of this ride The convoy in tiny against the spectacular mountainside, cliffs drop hundreds of feet. At the wheel of the rear car, Gobler swerves to stay on t road and accidentally sideswipes a boulder. The Gunner pe in the back is flipped head over heels out of the car. Go and Belzig are having trouble seeing the road through all the dust the convoy is kicking up. The lead staff car reaches the summit of the road and bar makes the hairpin turn there, delivering a destructive bl to the guard rail that has been placed there. The guard r is now bent. In the cab of the truck, Indy and the Truck Driver again  stop trying to choke each other long enough to negotiate turn together. The bumper of the truck hits the broken gu rail and sends it flying off the cliff. The truck, howeve holds the road. In the rear car, Gobler and Belzig are trying to see thro the thick clouds of dust. Suddenly is clears completely.  Unfortunately for them, this happens because their car ha shot out into space at the hairpin turn. They are flying their final reward. Belzig, eyes wide behind his evil  spectacles, screams as he goes. In the cab of the truck, the Truck Driver is distracted b the sight of the flying staff car. Indy plasters him and tumbles out. Far, far below, Belzig's staff car explodes on the rocks. In the back of the truck, a TOUGH SERGEANT takes command the situation. He picks out six Armed Nazis and motions f them to start climbing around the outside of the truck to the cab. With some trepidation the lucky ones begin that  maneuver. The truck is swerving like crazy. In the front staff car, the Armed Guard aims his submachi guns back at Indy, alone now in the truck's cab. Shlieman knocks the barrel roughly away.
96) 2) text: Indy sees this from the cab and reacts by speeding up, pu even more pressure on the Blond Driver. Along the back of the truck, Armed Nazis are edging up to the cab, three on each side. They hang on as the truck ro a corner and goes into a straightaway that leads through short tunnel. In the cab, Indy has been concentrating on the lead staff car. Now, just before entering the tunnel, he looks in th side view mirror and sees the Nazis on his side. A quick  glance to the other mirror reveals the others. As the tru sweeps into the tunnel, we see Indy just start to turn hi steering wheel - he is going to sideswipe the walls of th tunnel At the other end of the tunnel, we hear the roar of the t engine and two long, screeching, scraping sounds. The lea staff car shoots out of the tunnel, then the truck, its s cleaned of Nazis. In the rear of the truck, the Tough Sergeant is looking w distaste back at the tunnel. There remains only him and t Armed Nazis with the Ark. He sends these two climbing up  over the top of the truck. In the lead car, the Blond Driver is being pressed hard b Indy, who now edges up to bump them from the rear. Sudden the Armed Guard next to the Driver sees the two Armed Naz appear on the top of the truck. Without thinking, he star to point them out to Shliemann, then realizes his stupidi In the cab, Indy has seen this and is at first mystified. checks his sideview mirrors. Then he figures it out and s on his brakes. The brakes lock, the wheels burn and the t skids to a dusty halt. The two Armed Nazis fly off the tr over the cab to the road in front. Indy immediately hits gas again. The two Armed Nazis, just aiming their weapons get wiped out. In the rear of the truck, the crated Ark is bouncing all  alone, no one in sight, because - The Tough Sergeant is on the top of the truck, making his way steadily forward. This guy clearly knows what he's do A submachine gun is slung across his back. The truck and the staff car race through a series of S-cu In the staff car, Belloq and Shliemann spot the Tough Ser as he reaches the front of the truck's top and begins to  lower his submachine gun barrel toward the cab. Indy is  unaware. Belloq and Shliemann exchange looks. Then Shliem yells to the Armed Guard in the front seat. The Tough Sergeant has a line on Indy. He points his gun. The Armed Guard blasts away at the truck. The Tough Serge dies in a hail of bullets and flies off. Indy, who has ducked at the gunfire, is confused. But whe he sees the Armed Guard up front lower his gun, Indy agai floors it and begins bumping the staff car in earnest. The road is almost down to a level now. In the distance - Cairo. The road takes a little dogleg just before reachin level ground again. Just as the staff car is about to mak the turn, Indy smashes them from behind. The staff car fl off the road and down a twenty foot embankment. Indy take the truck speeding down the road and off toward Cairo. In the staff car, the occupants are bruised but safe.  Shliemann points at the departing truck and yells at the  Blond Driver. The staff car fishtails out of its sandy re place and takes off after the truck.
109) 5) dialog: Not a trace yet, sir!