116) 0) text: The Wurrfler has arrived at an extraordinary base built i the hollow interior of the island. This chamber, with the docking bay, is almost all water. A huge natural cavern, has been reinforced and enlarged by the Germans. The Wurrfler sits surfaced at the dock. The Ark has been  unloaded and placed on a cart. Shliemann, Belloq and Mari have just disembarked and been met by a Nazi contingent f the base. Marion looks worse for the trip. Her white nigh is now ripped and smudged. One of the greeting Nazis, a TALL CAPTAIN, salutes Shliem and Belloq. As he speaks to them, we notice that right be this group, just above a great deal of sub unloading acti Indy's whip hangs from the periscope. Working Nazis pass  within feet of it unaware; the Tall Captain would see it a moment if he were not so focused on the new arrivals.
116) 1) dialog: (to Belloq) The tents have been arranged in  accordance with your radioed  instructions, sir.
122) 0) text: In the central area with the Ark, Shliemann and the other Nazis wait impatiently, eyeing the Ark with some discomfo Belloq is not visible, because at the moment he is - In the folds of the Tabernacle, the silk of the tents  undulating around him. The light is even stranger, the sc almost dreamlike. With the help of the Tall Captain, Bell lets an extraordinary, gold-embroidered, ceremonial robe  fall over his head and onto his body. Belloq looks  transported, possessed. The Tall Captain unlatches a wood case and takes from it a sturdy ivory rod about 5 feet lo elaborately engraved. Belloq takes it from him, turns and slips back through the silk. The Tall Captain stays in th folds. Back in the central area, Shliemann and the other Nazis a taken aback by Belloq's appearance in the robe. They exch looks. From one knot of men there is muttering about "Jud and such, but when Belloq turns a fiery gaze on them ther is immediate silence. Shliemann looks uncertain in this  presence. Belloq approaches the Ark. He stops a few feet from it an begins murmuring an invocation in Hebrew. After a few mom of this he advances a step and is about to place the ivor rod in a notch under the lid of the Ark itself. The end o the rod is an inch from the notch when - Indy steps into the Tabernacle. On his shoulder is a bazo and it is aimed directly at the Ark.
122) 9) text: The Tall Captain flies out of the silk and takes Indy dow by the neck. The bazooka clatters across the cement floor two other Nazis help subdue Indy. The three Nazis take In pistol from his holster and raise him roughly in their gr
123) 0) text: Shliemann, the Tall Captain, Indy and the two Nazis holdi him emerge from the Tabernacle. Shliemann points to a nea wall and the group starts that way with Shliemann and the Tall Captain slightly ahead.
125) 0) text: Chaos. Shliemann and the Tall Captain have been temporari blinded by the light from the Tabernacle. Indy makes shor work of his two escorts. He bashes their heads together.  When only one goes down at this, Indy uses the handle of bullwhip, which has appeared instantly in his hand, to pu the second one down. Shliemann, hand on his eyes, aims his Luger blindly at th scuffle. Indy pushes the Tall Captain at Shliemann, who f on impact, killing the Tall Captain. Indy knocks out  Shliemann. Behind Indy, the brilliant light and weird noise of the A have suddenly ceased, but the Tabernacle is ablaze and th fire has quickly spread to stacks of supplies on either s Smoke is already starting to fill the cavern. Nazis are  running around, yelling for firefighting water. A burning crate at the side of the Tabernacle is pushed over, only knock over a drum of heavy black oil. A river of flame sh across the cement. Indy grabs a rifle with bayonet from the prostrate body o one of his former escorts and runs back into the flaming  Tabernacle.