13) 20) dialog: All right, now you did foolish things as a young man, honey-love, but you went and paid your debt to society and that was right.  But now you just gettin' back in with the criminal element.
13) 22) dialog: Well, that ain't what I heard.
13) 25) dialog: He's a crook.
13) 27) text: Now you stop bad-mouthin' him, Blanche.  We're just gonna have us a little family visit for a few weeks and then we'll go back to Dallas and I'll get me a job somewheres.
14) 13) text: Hey! you gotta meet my wife.  Hey, honey, c'mon out here now and meet my baby brother. Camera swings to car.  We see BLANCHE still sitting there her face obscured by the glint of sun on the windshield. Slowly, she gets out of the car, still carrying the movie magazine.
14) 14) dialog: (suspiciously, quite the grand lady)
14) 21) text: I'd like you to meet my wife, Blanche.
14) 25) dialog: (stiffly)
14) 29) text: Heighdy, y'all. He pumps BUCK's hand vigorously and then goes to BLANCHE. With his characteristic one-track intensity, he decides t act just as friendly as he can with BLANCHE, ignoring the fact that he's standing there in his underwear.  BLANCHE, however, is not ignoring it.
14) 31) text: Did you have a hard time findin' us here in this neck of the woods? Well, you sure picked a good day for it.  Say, you got a Screenland there!  Any new photos of Myrna Loy? She's my favorite picture star. BLANCHE is starting to edge over to BUCK in sheer panic a this strange, young man in his BVD's but C.W. takes no notice of it. BLANCHE finally grabs BUCK's arm.  BONNIE watches it all, smirking.
14) 38) dialog: (getting kittenish, and overdoing it)
14) 41) dialog: (with unbecoming girlish outrage)
14) 42) text: Did you take my picture?  Oh Buck! I declare-- BUCK laughs and goes to BONNIE, takes her by the arm and moves her next to CLYDE and BLANCHE.  He lines them up, steps back and takes their picture.  CLYDE is the only on smiling.
14) 46) text: Clyde, you do one of me and my missus. He puts his arm around BLANCHE.  CLYDE takes the picture.
14) 51) text: Okay. CLYDE snaps the picture.  Everyone but BLANCHE laughs.  C comes out dressed.
14) 66) text: Don't say nothin' to Blanche about it.
15) 0) text: A residential street in Joplin, Missouri, showing a garag apartment above a double garage.  Camera sees BUCK talkin to a dapper gent with keys in his hand.  BUCK pays him. man tips his hat and walks off.  BUCK gestures and Clyde drives a car into the driveway.  C.W. follows, driving BUCK's car with BLANCHE.  CLYDE stops beside BUCK.  BUCK leans into CLYDE's car and says:
15) 4) text: Honey-love, I'm taking you into our first home. BLANCHE giggles.  The two cars pull up before the garage the people start to descend.
16) 0) text: A winded BUCK enters and puts down BLANCHE.  As others behind him carry in their things and disperse throughout apartment.
16) 1) dialog: Oh look, it's so clean, Buck.  And a Frigidaire...not an icebox!
16) 5) dialog: Oh...they got linoleum on the counter.  Ain't that clever!
16) 7) dialog: Oh, isn't this something, Daddy!
17) 1) dialog: My, you need a haircut, Daddy.  You look like a hillbilly boy.
17) 6) dialog: Jest like an ol' man.  Plays checkers all the time and doesn't pay any attention to his poor lonely wife. She ruffles his hair again.
19) 0) text: The inside of the car, still speeding.  BLANCHE is hyster C.W. is still firing out the window.  The pursuing police car's driver is shot and the car crashes into a tree.  Th gang is not being pursued now, but CLYDE is driving at 90 BLANCHE is moaning and crying.  BONNIE, in front, turns around furiously.
19) 3) dialog: (crying)
19) 7) dialog: Buck, don't let that woman talk to me like that!
19) 9) text: You shouldn't have done it, Blanche. (quietly, cont.)
19) 11) dialog: (switching tactics)
19) 15) dialog: (loud and shrill)
19) 44) dialog: Oh, Lord... We notice CLYDE is wincing.
20) 24) text: Reg'lar laws is one thing.  But this here bounty hunting, we got to discourage that. BLANCHE looks very uncomfortable.  She starts to say something, but BUCK intervenes.
31) 9) text: Clyde, Buck...Bonnie...C.W. Clyde, Clyde again...Buck...Bonnie...C.W. BUCK and BLANCHE stand watching.  BLANCHE looks fretful. She nudges BUCK and whispers to him.
31) 18) dialog: Well, why not?  Say I earned my share!  Same as everybody.  I coulda got killed same as everybody, and I'm wanted by the law same as everybody.  Besides I coulda got snake bit sleepin' in them woods every night! (building it up)
31) 21) text: Okay...okay...hold your horses, Blanche.  You'll get your share.
31) 29) text: Look, Bonnie, I've said it and I guess I'll keep sayin' it before we're thru--Blanche is Buck's wife and Buck is family. He waits expectantly.
35) 3) text: Get in here. INT. OTHER CAR.  DAY. They get in and the gang gets in.  Seven people are now jammed inside.  CLYDE drives, BONNIE next to him, C.W. ne to her.  In back, BLANCHE, then EUGENE with VELMA (of necessity) sitting on his lap, and then BUCK.  As will be seen, the reason the Barrows have kidnapped the couple is simply that they wanted company.  Living as they do, seei only each other day after day, they long for diversion an new faces.  So the atmosphere in the car will shortly cha to one of friendliness and jollity, and it will get progressively more so in the series of cuts which advance the time.  As the car starts up at the beginning, however the MAN and WOMAN are terrified.
36) 29) text: Get them out of here. EXT. ROAD.  NIGHT. The car brakes to a sudden stop.  The rear down is opened the MAN and WOMAN flung out into the darkness.  The car drives off into the lonely night. From this point on, the audience should realize that deat is inevitable for the Barrow gang, that it follows them always, that it waits anywhere.  It is no longer a questi of whether death will come, but when it will. EXT. WOODS.  MORNING. Moving with CLYDE he tears through the brush, snagging hi clothes, calling BONNIE's name.  CLYDE's search is so desperate here that for a moment we might think he is fleeing from something rather than looking for something. In a moment he emerges onto the road.  The car, with C.W. driving, and BUCK and BLANCHE beside him, is patrolling slowly up ahead of him. CLYDE spots it and runs toward it.  Hold on this angle un he catches up with it and leaps onto the running board.
36) 41) text: Jesus, I don't know... CLYDE looks helplessly at his brother, then drops off the running board and continues on foot, running along, scann the fields--the car keeping up beside him as he runs and truck before both car and CLYDE. Angle on car through windshield.  Reaction shot.  Day.  B turning to BLANCHE, shrugging his shoulders, speechless. Reverse angle through the windshield.  Day--at CLYDE, who has suddenly seen something begins gesticulating wildly, almost--from car's POV, a little comically.
37) 0) text: Hold on the outside long enough to see the unusual structures: two little motel cabins connected by two identical garages, an entirely symmetrical structure. INT. PLATTE CITY MOTEL BEDROOM.  WITH BONNIE.  DAY. --as she tries, against heavy odds, to file and trim her nails in a corner of the room.  The odds are; CLYDE on a uke, b.g., BUCK, and BLANCHE--gathered around C.W. who si in the only stuffed chair in the room.  Their o.s. raucousness is clearly shattering to BONNIE who, at a key moment in the scene, ends up spearing her cuticle with a file, spurting a little board and a lot of temper. Other angle.  CLYDE--BUCK--BLANCHE--C.W.  Day.  A naked lightbulb (the lampshade has been removed) glares down on C.W.'s chest--where a pair of bluebirds have been tattooe with a rocco flourish.  BUCK and BLANCHE are vastly amuse rather BLANCHE takes delight in BUCK's delight.
37) 5) text: Touch it, honey!  Go on! BLANCHE squeals with amusement.  BUCK takes BLANCHE's han and places it on the bluebirds.
37) 6) dialog: (titillated with delight)
37) 7) text: Oh, no, Daddy!  No! Reaction BONNIE.  Day--as the file digs into her cuticle BLANCHE's squeal.  With barely controlled rage:
37) 13) dialog: What's bothering her?
37) 15) text: Not now, Blanche.
37) 22) dialog: (rising from her chair, a little shaken at Bonnie's outburst)
37) 28) text: I'll go. CLYDE makes a face to BONNIE pretending there's something going on between C.W. and BLANCHE.  BONNIE tries to keep from being amused.  C.W. moves out with BLANCHE.  BUCK ri to go next door.
37) 32) text: All finally exit, leaving BONNIE and CLYDE alone. EXT. CAR AND STREET.  DUSK. C.W. and BLANCHE go out.  We go with them.  They get in t car and drive off.  BUCK enters his cabin. INT. MOTEL BEDROOM.  BONNIE AND CLYDE.  DUSK. CLYDE reaches her, and for a moment both stare with fanat intensity at each other, BONNIE trying desperately to kee straight face.  They are nose to nose, unblinking.  CLYDE gives her a big raspberry, waggling his fingers in his ea like a kid.  She laughs.
38) 0) text: BLANCHE, her tense and agitated self growing increasingly more so lately, lights a fresh cigarette off the butt of one she has been smoking.
38) 3) dialog: (quick to take offense, snaps)
38) 6) dialog: Oh, God... C.W. looks at her, finally decides to say something that occurs to him.
38) 8) dialog: (it's been her dream)
38) 12) dialog: (much more interested in talking about herself)
38) 15) dialog: Hey, C.W., I ain't got my money. Give me some, will you? The DEPUTY turns his head and looks over there.  C.W. ope his jacket to reach in his pocket for money.  As he opens his coat, his gun is clearly seen tucked in his pants. Camera zooms in to tight close-up of gun. Close shot.  DEPUTY--his face tense.  Sound of door closi shut, as C.W. and BLANCHE leave.
39) 37) dialog: (calling out)
39) 41) dialog: Oh, God, please help us!  Dear Father in Heaven, get us out of this and Buck will never do another bad thing in his life! (she continues moaning, praying, sobbing)
39) 45) dialog: My eyes! (she SCREAMS)
39) 47) text: ...light hurts so bad... BONNIE walks over to the car and comes back with the sunglasses BUCK had given BLANCHE.  Moving her out of the glare, she helps BLANCHE put them on.  BONNIE now has an around BLANCHE, and BLANCHE shivers into BONNIE gracefull BONNIE is a little repelled by BLANCHE, but comforts her of genuine feeling for her.
39) 48) dialog: (clinging)
39) 52) dialog: (going on)
39) 53) text: Clyde, Clyde, please get us to a doctor. Though BLANCHE cannot see it, CLYDE has knelt down to the side of BUCK, taking BUCK's hand and with his other hand begun smoothing BUCK's hair back, away from the wound.
39) 54) dialog: He's your brother!
39) 56) text: Buck can't be moved, now, hon'. BLANCHE's answer to this is hysterical sobbing, burying herself into BONNIE, mumbling half-coherent, muffled pray between the sobs.
39) 62) text: CLYDE has begun to cry a little, continues to smooth back BUCK's hair with ritualistic regularity. Wide angle.  Night.  Camera pulls away, way back to wide shot of the entire field, showing the group in the center the darkness, lit by the headlights. Match dissolve into early dawn, camera still on the wide shot.  The field is lighter, though the trees still loom blackly around it.  The two cars, one almost a shattered wreck, the other bright and shiny and new, are parked in center.  The sky is light, but the trees cast a dark shad on the field.  The gang is just sitting around.  BLANCHE weeping next to BUCK, C.W. sitting on the running board o car, staring.  BONNIE standing and smoking.  CLYDE still with BUCK. All is quiet. EXT. WOODS.  DAY. From the edge of the woods, a man in a white shirt emerge from behind a tree.  The camera swings abruptly to get hi He calls out to the gang.
43) 0) text: Sound partly up again, but never at its realistic volume. From inside the smashed car, we peer out the window acros the field and see the other car.  The thought strikes the audience at the same time it strikes the gang--they must to that car. Med. shot of the second car, sitting in the field, shinin in the sun.  The lawmen also realize what must be done--c off this escape.  Though BONNIE, CLYDE and the others are heading toward it, they suddenly train all their fire on car rather than the gang. The car fills the frame of the screen.  Bullets begin to it.  It starts to quiver under the impact.  For the next minute, we see the car die in front of our eyes.  We see beautiful machine fall to pieces--windows smash, tires to apart, body riddled.  The death of the car is as painful watch as the willful death of a human being.  The executi is paced deliberately to show the ritualistic tempo of th destruction. EXT. WOODS. The camera pulls back, way back and slightly above everyt to reveal the entire field.  On the left of the screen, BONNIE, CLYDE and C.W. are scrambling toward the edge of woods.  In the center BUCK and BLANCHE have taken cover behind a fallen log.  In the foreground, police begin to emerge from the woods.  The camera zooms rapidly in with them toward BUCK.  BLANCHE is screaming.
43) 1) dialog: Don't kill him!  Don't kill him! He's dying! BUCK is making a last feeble attempt.  The zoom continues past BUCK until it comes tight on his hand, a lawman's fo steps on his hand.  BUCK falls over.  He dies.  BLANCHE screams.
43) 2) dialog: Don't die, Daddy.  Don't die!
47) 81) text: Blanche Barrow. She starts to her feet, then adjusts to his presence.  Sh is a bit panicked.  BLANCHE is now a defeated human being Her voice and manner bespeak great weariness, sorrow and still a touch of her old high-strung hysteria.  But most that is gone now, like everything else that was really vi in her life.
47) 82) dialog: What?  What?  Who is it?
47) 85) dialog: (her voice flat and expressionless)
47) 88) dialog: I know it.
47) 90) dialog: I don't know.
47) 92) dialog: I just don't know.  I don't know.
47) 95) dialog: (starting slow, but warming up to the subject, she begins to talk and talk for the sake of airing her troubles)
47) 100) dialog: C.W. Moss.