0) 0) text: Blonde, somewhat fragile, intelligent in expression.  She putting on make-up with intense concentration and appreciation, applying lipstick and eye make-up.  As the camera slowly pulls back from the closeup we see that we have been looking into a mirror.  She is standing before full-length mirror in her bedroom doing her make-up.  She overdoes it in the style of the time: rosebud mouth and s forth.  As the film progresses her make-up will be refine until, at the end, there is none. The camera pulls back and continues to move very slowly throughout the first part of this scene.  As the camera continues to move away, we see, by degrees, that BONNIE i naked.  Her nudity is never blatantly revealed to the audience, but implied.  That is, she should be "covered" various ways from the camera's P.O.V., but the audience m be aware of her exposure to CLYDE later in the scene.  Th is the only time in the film that she will ever be this exposed, in all senses of the word, to the audience.  Her attitude and appraisal of herself here are touched with narcissism. The bedroom itself is a second-story bedroom in a lower- class frame house in West Dallas, Texas.  The neighborhoo is low income.  Though the room reveals its shabby surroundings, it also reveals an attempt by BONNIE to fix up.  Small and corny objets d'art are all over the tops o the bureaus, vanity tables, etc. (Little glass figurines porcelain statuettes and the like.) BONNIE finishes admiring herself.  She walks from the mir and moves slowly across the room, the camera moving with her, until she reaches the screened window on the opposit wall.  The shade is up.  There are no curtains.  She look out the window, looking down, and the camera looks down w her. EXT. BEDROOM.  BONNIE'S P.O.V.  DAY. Over her shoulder, we see the driveway leading to the gar connected to the house.  There is an old car parked in th driveway, its windows open.  We see a man walking up the driveway, somewhat furtively.  He is a rather dapper fell dressed in a dark suit with a vest, a white collar, and a straw boater.  It is CLYDE BARROW.  Obviously, he is abou to steal the car.  He looks it over, checking around him make sure no passers-by are coming.  He peers inside the front window to see if the keys are in the ignition.  He studies the dashboard.  BONNIE continues watching, silent Finally she calls out.
0) 2) dialog: Hey, boy!  What you doin' with my mama's car? EXT. DRIVEWAY.  DAY. CLYDE, startled, jumps and looks to see who has caught hi Obviously frightened, he looks up and his face freezes at what he sees. EXT. WINDOW.  CLYDE'S P.O.V.  DAY. We now see what he is looking at: at the open window, revealed from the waist up, is the naked BONNIE.  She loo down, an impudent half-smile on her face.  She doesn't mo or make any attempt to cover herself.
0) 3) text: -- whose face changes from astonishment to an answering smile of impudence.  (Seeing what he has, he realizes tha this girl is clearly not going to scream for the police. Already they are in a little game instigated by BONNIE, sizing each other up, competing in a kind of playful arrogance.  Before they speak, they have become coconspirators.) Close-up of BONNIE, still smiling.  Finally she speaks.
0) 4) dialog: Wait there! INT. BEDROOM.  DAY. Running from the window, she flings open a closet and gra a dress, and shoes.  She slips on the shoes, and flings t dress on, running out the door as she does.  The camera tracks with her, moving as fast.  As she runs down the stairs she buttons up the dress. EXT. DRIVEWAY.  DAY. She flies out the door, slamming it behind her, runs off porch (all this has been one continuous movement since sh left the window, in great haste) and continues quickly in the driveway.  Four feet away from CLYDE, she stops on a dime.  They stand there, looking at each other, smiling t same challenge.  For a few seconds, no one speaks, then:
0) 5) dialog: (putting her on)
0) 10) dialog: Bull.  You ain't got money for dinner, let alone buy no car.
0) 13) dialog: You'd steal the dining room table if I did.
0) 16) dialog: (starting to walk onto the sidewalk)
0) 19) dialog: None of your business.
0) 23) dialog: (really offended by that)
0) 28) dialog: (slightly startled by his accuracy, anxious to get back now that he is temporarily one-up)
0) 32) dialog: What did you do before?
0) 35) dialog: State Prison? (she shows her surprise)
0) 37) dialog: (herself again)
0) 41) dialog: (sarcastically)
0) 45) dialog: Guess you had a lot more fun up at State Prison, huh? CLYDE laughs, enjoying her repartee.  They continue walki At a hydrant, CLYDE stops.
0) 49) dialog: (shocked)
0) 53) dialog: (a lady of some sensitivity)
0) 56) dialog: Boy, did you really do that?
0) 58) dialog: You must be crazy.
1) 0) text: Gas station up the block.  BONNIE and CLYDE are seen lean against the soft drink chest, their profiles silhouetted the bright sun.  They are drinking cokes.  As they begin talk, the camera moves in closer to them.  CLYDE takes of his hat and rubs the cold coke bottle across his forehead BONNIE watches him.
1) 1) dialog: What's it like?
1) 3) dialog: (very interested)
1) 7) dialog: (thinking she's heard proof that he's a liar)
1) 11) text: Close-up.  Gun.  Day.  He reaches in his jacket and pulls out a gun.  The camera moves to a closeup of the gun, glinting in the sunlight. EXT. STREET.  DAY. The camera pulls back to show BONNIE looking at it with fascination.  The weapon has an immediate effect on her. She touches it in a manner almost sexual, full of repress excitement.
1) 12) dialog: (goading him on)
1) 16) text: You just keep your eyes open. EXT. LITTLE GROCERY STORE ACROSS THE STREET.  DAY. The camera remains just behind BONNIE's shoulder so that throughout the following scene we have BONNIE in the pict looking at what we look at. CLYDE goes into the little store.  We remain outside with BONNIE watching.  For a minute nothing happens.  We can barely see what is going on in the store.  Then CLYDE com out, walking slowly.  In one hand he holds the gun, in th other a fistful of money.  He gets halfway, to BONNIE and smiles broadly at her, a smile of charm and personality. She smiles back.  The moment is intense, as if a spark ha jumped from one to the other.  Their relationship, which began the minute BONNIE spotted him in the driveway, has really begun.  CLYDE has shown his stuff and BONNIE is "turned on." Suddenly the old man who runs the grocery store comes running out into the street, completely dumbfounded.  He stands there and says nothing, yet his mouth moves in sil protest.  CLYDE points the gun above him and fires.  It i the first loud noise in the film thus far and it should b shock.  The old man, terrified, runs back into the store fast as he can, CLYDE quickly grabs BONNIE's hand.  The camera swings with them as they turn and begin to run dow the street.  A few yards and the stores disappear entirel The landscape turns into that arid, flat and unrelieved western plain that begins where the town ends. EXT. STORE.  AT THE EDGE OF TOWN.  DAY. A car is parked at the back of the store.  As soon as the reach it, CLYDE motions and BONNIE gets in.  CLYDE runs t the front, lifts up the hood and crosses the wires to mak it start.  As he stands back, BONNIE calls to him:
1) 17) dialog: Hey, what's your name, anyway?
1) 21) dialog: (loud, to make herself heard over the gunning motor)
1) 22) text: Hi, I'm Bonnie Parker.  Please to meet you. EXT. ROAD.  DAY. VROOM!  The car zooms off down the road, doing 90.  The f country breakdown music starts up on the sound track, goi just as fast as the car. EXT. CAR.  DAY. The car, still speeding, further down the road.  We zoom down and look in the rear window.  CLYDE is driving, we s from behind.  BONNIE is all over him, biting his ear, ruffling his hair, running her hands all over him--in sho making passionate love to him while he drives.  The thril of the robbery and the escape has turned her on sexually. EXT. CAR.  ANOTHER ANGLE.  DAY. The camera pulls back and above the car.  The car starts go crazy in a comical fashion, manifesting to the audienc just what is happening to the driver controlling it.  The car swerves all over the road.  The car comes to a sudden halt.  The car starts again.  It swerves this time almost right off the road before it straightens out.  It jumps a jerks.  Another car comes down the road the other way and CLYDE's car swerves so much as to make the other guy driv right off the road into the dirt.  It is almost Mack Senn stuff, but not quite that much. INT. CAR.  BONNIE AND CLYDE.  DAY. BONNIE grabs the wheel and turns it sharply. EXT. CAR.  DAY. It hairpins off the road onto a shoulder beneath some tre INT. CAR.  BONNIE AND CLYDE.  DAY. --still settling to a stop.  BONNIE and CLYDE appear to b necking heavily now, punctuated by BONNIE's squeals of passion as she squirms and hops about like a flea, trying get to CLYDE.  The floor gear-shift is keeping their bodi apart, however.  In exasperation, BONNIE takes the gear shift and shoves it forward out of their way.  She plunge onto CLYDE, burying him from view.
1) 24) dialog: (kissing, biting)
1) 28) dialog: (giggling herself)
1) 29) text: Aren't you ready?  Well, get ready! BONNIE has obviously touched him.  With savage coquetry s tears into her clothes and his.
1) 30) dialog: (muffled)
1) 34) text: I said, cut it out! He shoves her rudely away, slamming her into the far car door.  Suddenly it looks as if they've been fighting.  Bo unbuttoned and unglued, they stare silently at one anothe breathing heavily.  CLYDE gets out of the car, clearly shaken.  Despite the fact that he may have encountered th situation many times before, it's one that no twenty-one- year-old boy in 1932 is sophisticated enough to dismiss easily with bravado. BONNIE remains seated in the car.  She seems terribly vulnerable.  She fumbles about for a cigarette, too confu to figure out what didn't happen.  CLYDE turns back and reaches through the car window from the driver's side, lighting it for her.  BONNIE casts CLYDE a fishy stare, t accepts the light.
1) 41) dialog: (finally, spitting out smoke)
1) 45) dialog: Your advertising is dandy.  Folks'd just never guess you don't have a thing to sell. (a little afraid)
1) 49) dialog: Don't touch me! She gets out of car, leaving CLYDE draped across the fron seat, reaching after her.
1) 51) text: If all you want's stud service, then get on back to West Dallas and stay there the rest of your life! This stops her.  Now CLYDE pours it on, with an almost maniacal exuberance that becomes more controlled as he ge control of BONNIE.
1) 54) dialog: (turning, intrigued)
1) 59) dialog: When'd you figure that all out?
1) 61) dialog: How come?
1) 63) text: 'Cause you may be the best damn girl in Texas. Close-up.  BONNIE.
1) 64) dialog: Who are you, anyway?
2) 0) text: BONNIE and CLYDE seated in booth, now C.U. CLYDE.  The so track bridges the scene: the question that BONNIE has jus asked is now suddenly rebutted by CLYDE, as he points a finger at her.
2) 2) text: I'll tell you about you. He loves doing this and he does it well.  The more he envisions BONNIE's life, the more instinctively accurate becomes.  She grows more and more fascinated, like a chil watching a mind reader.
2) 4) text: ...When you were sixteen...no, seventeen, there was a guy who worked in...uh... Pull back taking in BONNIE, favoring CLYDE.
2) 5) dialog: (fascinated)
2) 10) dialog: (enthralled)
2) 14) text: Change that.  I don't like it. Without a word of protest, BONNIE immediately reaches in bag and takes out a mirror.  She holds it up and with the other hand, brushes back her spit curls into her hair.  S never again wears them.  When she has pushed them back sh looks at CLYDE for his approval.  He nods his okay.  She smiles, puts back her mirror and begins to eat her food. She's ravenously hungry and eats with total concentration her plate.  CLYDE doesn't touch his food, just watches BONNIE eat for a minute.
2) 16) dialog: Hey, that ain't ours.
2) 19) dialog: But we came in this one.
2) 23) dialog: Clyde... She starts to panic and runs to the window.
2) 24) dialog: (continuing)
2) 27) dialog: (chagrined at her fear)
2) 30) dialog: Oh...These accommodations ain't particularly deluxe.
3) 4) dialog: You're good.
3) 6) dialog: And modest...
3) 16) text: Used to be my place.  Not any more. Bank took it. CLYDE and BONNIE start to move toward the farmer.  All th move around to the front of the building.  At a distance see an Okie car loaded with belongings.  A WOMAN with a B in arms sits in front.  A smaller BOY stands outside the
3) 18) dialog: Well, that's a pitiful shame. CLYDE shakes his head sympathetically.  He loads the empt gun.
3) 22) text: Me and him put in the years here. Yessir.  So you all go right ahead. We just come by for a last look. He stands a moment looking at the house and then turns around toward his family in the car.  CLYDE and BONNIE lo after him.  CLYDE spins and fires three fast shots into t fore-closure sign.  The FARMER stops and turns, looking a CLYDE.  CLYDE offers the gun to the farmer.  He looks at then accepts it.  He slowly takes aim at the sign and fir It pleases him.  He looks at CLYDE and BONNIE who smile.
3) 30) text: Miss Bonnie Parker.  And I'm Clyde Barrow. Across farmer's car.  Wide shot.  Day.  The FARMER turns moves toward his people.  DAVIS moves toward his shack. CLYDE and BONNIE in the b.g. Close angle.  BONNIE and CLYDE.
3) 32) text: We rob banks. BONNIE turns quickly to look at CLYDE.  He smiles and nod
4) 0) text: A car is driving down it.  It is the next day.  BONNIE is driving, CLYDE beside her.
5) 3) text: You just be ready if I need you. BONNIE's hands are tense on the wheel.  Her face shows ho nervous she is now that the time has come.
5) 5) dialog: No. They drive in silence.
5) 7) dialog: Nothin'. EXT. BUSINESS STREET OF A LITTLE TOWN.  DAY. We are still in the car.  BONNIE pulls over and stops by bank.  CLYDE is frozen in his seat.  We can see that, for all his talk, he is scared, too.
5) 8) dialog: What are you waitin' for? That gets him.  CLYDE throws the door open and jumps, practically dives out the door.  The camera follows his motion right inside the bank, tracking very fast. INT. BANK #1.  DAY. Something is very screwy here.  The bank is dark, the TEL is half asleep over his books.  CLYDE approaches, thrusts the gun at him.
5) 21) text: What?  What?? In a rage, he goes behind the partition, grabs the teller and pushes him ahead with the gun.  CLYDE is fuming.  He forces the teller out the front door. EXT. BANK #1.  DAY. --showing BONNIE in the car.  She is terrified as she see CLYDE and the TELLER coming at her.  She doesn't understa what is happening.
5) 26) text: As I was tellin' this gentleman, our bank failed last month and ain't no money in it.  I sure am sorry. BONNIE's reaction is one of hysterical relief and appreciation of what's funny in the situation.  She laugh uproariously, she can't stop laughing.  This makes CLYDE madder than ever.  He shoves the teller to the ground. INT. CAR.  DAY. Completely humiliated, CLYDE gets in the car, shoving BON over.  She is still laughing.  BONNIE starts the car.  CL points his gun out the window. Close shot.  Bank window--whereon is lettered: ASSETS-$70 INT. CAR.  CLYDE AND BONNIE.  DAY. Angle to include bank window.  CLYDE aims and puts a bull through each of the zeros.  We see each zero shot through Then the entire window hangs there for a second and sudde crashes.  On the soundtrack, BONNIE's laughter.
6) 0) text: --still driving.  BONNIE has still not fully recovered fr her mirth, but is quieting down because she sees that CLY is really mad and can't be pushed too far.
8) 4) text: Air bubble--clogged the fuel line. C.W. now stands between BONNIE and CLYDE.
8) 10) dialog: Well...I'm not sure... (she looks around)
8) 14) dialog: Isn't that interesting?  How does that there gasoline get in my little old car?
8) 17) dialog: My, you're a smart fellow.  You sure know a lot about automobiles, don't you?
8) 20) dialog: Well, would you know what kind of a car this is?
8) 23) dialog: No, no.
8) 26) dialog: No, this is a stolen Chevrolet 8- cylinder coupe. C.W. jerks his hand off it as if he touched a hot stove.
8) 28) text: You ain't scared, are you? (to Bonnie)
8) 35) dialog: What's your name, boy?
8) 37) dialog: What's the C.W. for?
8) 40) dialog: I'm Miss Bonnie Parker and this is Mr. Clyde Barrow.   We... rob... banks. (C.W. reacts with wide eyes)
8) 46) dialog: (with a put-on sigh)
8) 51) dialog: Oh, a man with a record!
8) 54) dialog: Mr. C.W. Moss?
10) 0) text: --on a painted wooden sign, lit by one attached light, wh reads: "MOTOR COURT". INT. ROOM IN MOTOR COURT.  NIGHT. --in darkness.  Camera is close on BONNIE.  She is awake restless.  O.S. comes the measured snoring that we will think comes from CLYDE.  BONNIE raises up and kneels over Clyde.  She needs him.  Clyde seems to snore on.  Camera drops between them and we see that the snoring actually comes from C.W.  BONNIE drops back on her pillow.  We cut close on CLYDE.  He is awake. INT. CAFE.  DAY. BONNIE, CLYDE and C.W. seated in a booth in a cafe.  The Waitress brings the food and serves everybody.  We see C. With great concentration, as he does everything by relati to the immediate action he happens to be involved with, h takes the sugar shaker and begins methodically sprinkling sugar over all his food.  He sugars the meat, the beans, the beets.  BONNIE and CLYDE watch this performance with first, amazement and second, disgust.  They can't believe what they see.
10) 1) dialog: (incredulously)
10) 6) dialog: It's just disgusting, that's why.
10) 9) dialog: But...but it makes everything sweet!
10) 12) dialog: Clyde, why does he have to stay in the same room as us? CLYDE seems not to have heard the question.  He takes up sugar shaker and spreads a thin field of sugar on the dar table surface.  He will sketch his plan in the sugar.
10) 14) dialog: Why?
10) 16) dialog: Why, Clyde...
10) 19) dialog: In the same room with us?
10) 23) dialog: (takes his hand to her face)
11) 0) text: Inside the bank, BONNIE and CLYDE have filled the sack. They run out the door, the camera tracks with them. EXT. SMALL TOWN STREET.  DAY. They run for where the car was, but it isn't there.  Then they see C.W. has parked it. INT. CAR.  DAY.
12) 0) text: A police car that had been chasing CLYDE and BONNIE's car comes down the street.  It is obvious that the cops have lost them.  They are searching the street for a sign of CLYDE's car.  They pass a movie house whose marquee reads "GOLDDIGGERS OF 1933."  They slow for a moment, decide th is not a probable place to look.  They drive off. INT. MOVIE HOUSE.  WIDE ACROSS AUDIENCE AT SCREEN. The opening musical sequence of "Golddiggers" is on the screen.  Ginger Rogers sings "We're In The Money."  Among the audience we cannot make out our three people.  It is small audience and thinly dispersed. Tight shot at audience.  Camera pans the audience while o the track we hear the music of the song.  First of our gr who becomes visible is C.W.  He is staring at the screen eating bites from a candy bar in each hand.  Camera pans further and we see that CLYDE is in the row behind C.W. a a few seats to one side.  CLYDE is nervous and keeps watc the entrance doors.  He is in a rage.  He shifts in his s
12) 5) dialog: Ssshh!  If you boys want to talk why don't you go outside? She smiles at her joke and turns back to the screen to th movie which she is obviously enjoying enormously.
12) 7) text: On the right of the screen, f.g., BONNIE stands at the si fixing her make-up in the mirror.  The make-up has become more conservative.  On the left, further back, is a batht and in it sits C.W.  His head and knees peek over the gra soapy water.  He is engaged with his usual single-minded concentration, in washing himself, carefully scrubbing hi arms, not a thought in his head.  BONNIE finishes her mak up and regards herself quizzically, tilting her head to l at herself at different angles.  She is smoking a cigaret and really, studying herself.
12) 8) dialog: What do you think of me, C.W.?
12) 11) dialog: (coyly)
12) 15) dialog: (wiggling the washcloth like a bull-fighter's cape)
12) 19) dialog: (pertly)
12) 20) text: All right, I'll bring it myself. As she moves closer to the tub, C.W. realizes that she wi be able to peer down into the tub and see him and he frantically reaches up with one hand and yanks the washcl into the tub, causing a great splash.  BONNIE, somewhat t victim of the splash, jumps back and away.  Recovering he composure, she looks at C.W. who is slunk down in the tub like a gross September Morn.  She has tried him and he ha failed; she realizes now that he was no choice for her; n real man, even if he might perform sexually.  He is a lum This irritates her; his very presence is demeaning to herself and CLYDE.
12) 21) dialog: (irritated with herself for even thinking of such a thing)
12) 24) text: Oh, I wouldn't know what to do. But you wouldn't do that.  You couldn't now. BONNIE realizes, with some weariness, the inevitable trut of what he's said; thus resigned, she says patronizingly:
12) 25) dialog: That's right, C.W.  We'll always be around to take care of you. Pointedly, she throws her cigarette in his bath-water, "Sssssssssss."  She turns and leaves the bathroom, slammi the door behind her.
13) 0) text: Camera goes with her into the connecting bedroom.  CLYDE sitting on the edge of the bed cleaning the guns and oili them.  He is quiet and preoccupied and takes no note of BONNIE's present condition.  The moment she enters, he lo up.
13) 2) text: Bonnie, I want to talk to you.  Sit down. BONNIE sits, a little taken off balance by his serious manner.  But she listens quietly.
13) 4) text: This afternoon we killed a man and we were seen.  Now nobody knows who you are yet, but they're going to be after me and anybody who's runnin' with me.  Now that's murder now and it's gonna get rough. (BONNIE nods.  CLYDE continues speaking carefully and gently.)
13) 5) text: Look, I can't get out, but right now you still can.  You say the word and I'll put you on the bus to go back to your Mother.  'Cause you mean a lot to me, honey, and I ain't going to make you run with me. So if you want, you say the word. BONNIE, moved by his offer, has tears in her eyes.
13) 7) text: Why?  We ain't gonna have a minute's peace. BONNIE doesn't like him in this mood.  She tries to josh out of it.
13) 8) dialog: Oh, pshaw.
13) 10) text: Bonnie, we could get killed.
13) 12) dialog: (death has no reality for her)
13) 16) dialog: Oh, Clyde, I can't picture you with a halo, and if you went to the other place you'd rob the Devil blind, so he'd kick you right back to me. Close-up.  CLYDE--touched deeply, realizes that this was lovely thing to say to him. INT. MOTEL BEDROOM. They kiss.  They are near the bed on which are some guns that CLYDE has been cleaning.  The kiss moves toward real love making.  They are on the bed and push the guns aside Some fall to the floor.  CLYDE breaks the embrace after i has reached a high pitch.  He moves away from the bed tow the window.  BONNIE follows him and embraces him from the rear.  They are miserable.  BONNIE frees him and returns the bed.  She falls on it face down.  A gun presses into face.  CLYDE sits in the window, the light silhouettes hi He turns his face toward the glass and rests his head on window pane.  BONNIE turns to him from bed.  She smiles a comforting smile at him.  She rolls over onto her back. gun is now under her head and moves it.  She sits up and gestures to CLYDE.  He remains at the window.  She stares him.  She looks toward the bathroom.  She looks back at CLYDE.  She is moved and pained for him.  She touches her cheek with the gun and waits for him to be able to look a her.  Finally he does.  Her look eases him and he almost smiles. INT. BUCK'S CAR.  DAY. Shot of little fuzzy doll tied by a white shoestring to t rear-view mirror of a car.  The car is moving; the doll i bouncing up and down.  In the front seat are BUCK and BLANCHE BARROW.  BUCK is a jovial, simple, big-hearted ma A little chubby, given to raucous jokes, knee-slapping an broad reactions.  He is, in many ways, the emotional oppo of his brother.  It doesn't take much to make him happy. BLANCHE, his wife, is the direct opposite of BONNIE.
14) 17) text: Howdy-do.  It's real nice to know you. BUCK beams with pleasure, thinking they must like each ot BONNIE comes out of the cabin, standing on the steps.  Th screen door slams behind her. Close-up.  BONNIE.  Day--expressionless, looking it all o EXT. CABIN. BUCK and CLYDE notice nothing of this.  BUCK bounds over BONNIE, all jollity.
14) 19) text: Well!  You must be Bonnie!  Now I hear you been takin' good care of the baby in the family.  Well sis, I'm real glad to meet you! (he hugs her; BONNIE just lets herself be hugged)
14) 22) dialog: (stiffly)
14) 31) text: Did you have a hard time findin' us here in this neck of the woods? Well, you sure picked a good day for it.  Say, you got a Screenland there!  Any new photos of Myrna Loy? She's my favorite picture star. BLANCHE is starting to edge over to BUCK in sheer panic a this strange, young man in his BVD's but C.W. takes no notice of it. BLANCHE finally grabs BUCK's arm.  BONNIE watches it all, smirking.
14) 37) dialog: Lemme get one of my bride and my brother.
14) 42) text: Did you take my picture?  Oh Buck! I declare-- BUCK laughs and goes to BONNIE, takes her by the arm and moves her next to CLYDE and BLANCHE.  He lines them up, steps back and takes their picture.  CLYDE is the only on smiling.
14) 49) text: Let me take on of Bonnie. BONNIE grins at him and responds with amused arrogance.
14) 50) dialog: (she yanks the cigar from Clyde's mouth, smokes it and poses)
17) 0) text: Open on BONNIE and CLYDE.  He is cleaning guns.  She is watching something off screen.  We hear a clicking sound.
17) 9) dialog: (doing an unmerciful imitation)
17) 11) text: Oh mercy me, oh my stars! CLYDE laughs, and BONNIE tugs at the shirt--she kneels on the bed over CLYDE, who quite easily drapes across it.
17) 12) dialog: (a little louder)
17) 16) dialog: (a mock-pout, but with an edge to it)
17) 17) text: Shoot, there's always somebody in this room, the next room and ever' other kind of room. CLYDE has his arm around BONNIE, and she's almost draped across him--but in the direction of the length of the bed so their bodies almost form a crooked cross.  She digs an elbow into his stomach.
17) 19) dialog: (imitating Blanche again with baby talk)
17) 20) text: I ain't talking about your brother. Suddenly BONNIE straightens up to a kneeling position aga and cocks her head.  When she speaks now it is with a sim plaintiveness.
17) 22) dialog: Honey, do you ever just want to be alone with Me? (sensing Clyde's sensitivity to the sexual implication)
17) 23) text: I don't just mean like that...I mean do you ever have the notion of us bein' out together and alone, like at some fancy ball, or, I don't know, where we walk in all dressed and they announce us and it's fancy and in public, but we're alone somehow.  We're separate from everybody else, and they know it. CLYDE looks up to BONNIE, affectionately.  He runs his ha carelessly down her body.
17) 25) dialog: (it's terribly important to her)
17) 26) text: Do you, baby? Suddenly there is a ring at the door.  BONNIE and CLYDE freeze. INT. LIVING ROOM. BONNIE and CLYDE run out into the living room, camera goi with them.
17) 27) dialog: (to all)
17) 28) text: Quiet!  I'll get it. BONNIE goes down the stairs and reaches the front door.
17) 29) dialog: Who is it?
17) 32) dialog: How much?
17) 35) dialog: (curtly)
17) 36) text: No thanks, I'll take 'em. She takes the heavy bags and hefts them up and turns and walks up the stairs.  They are obviously very heavy for h Closeup the delivery boy's face, looking puzzled at this behavior.  BONNIE reaches the top steps, and voices are h
17) 39) dialog: C'mon, c'mon... Close-up.  The DELIVERY BOY.  A look of suspicion comes across his face.
18) 0) text: Close-up of BONNIE--seated in the living room.
18) 1) dialog: (reading from a pad; in a recital voice)
18) 6) dialog: You want to hear this or not? As she reads, the camera pans around the room picking out everyone's reaction.  CLYDE is looking and listening seriously.  BUCK is grinning.  C.W. is blank.  BLANCHE is the kitchen cooking.
18) 7) dialog: "Still you can't always judge the story As true, being told by her. Now 'Sal' was a gal of rare beauty, Though her features were coarse and tough--"
18) 9) dialog: "Now 'Sal' was a gal of rare beauty, Though her features were coarse and tough; She never once faltered from duty To play on the 'up and up'." Still listening, CLYDE gets up from his chair and walks slowly past the living room windows.  The camera angled slightly above him, sees down the street.  We see two pol cars quietly pulling up.  One of them parks sideways in t driveway to block escape from the garage, the other stays the street.  CLYDE turns and looks out the window.
18) 10) dialog: (o.s. as we see out the window)
19) 0) text: The inside of the car, still speeding.  BLANCHE is hyster C.W. is still firing out the window.  The pursuing police car's driver is shot and the car crashes into a tree.  Th gang is not being pursued now, but CLYDE is driving at 90 BLANCHE is moaning and crying.  BONNIE, in front, turns around furiously.
19) 1) dialog: Dammit, you almost got us killed!
19) 5) dialog: (at her bitchiest)
19) 17) dialog: (exploding)
19) 20) dialog: (curtly)
19) 25) dialog: Get rid of her.
19) 27) dialog: (snapping her words)
19) 30) dialog: She's what's the matter with me, a damn stupid back country hick without a brain in her head. (contemptuously)
19) 33) text: What makes you any better?  What makes you so damn special?  You're just a West Dallas waitress who spent half your time pickin' up truck drivers! This hits home with BONNIE.  He has said the unforgivable
19) 34) dialog: (raising her voice)
19) 39) dialog: Clyde...honey...I didn't mean all that, honey.  Blame it on all that shootin', I just felt so bad...sure enough...Clyde?
19) 43) text: Hey, y'all, listen to this here: Law enforcement officers throughout the Southwest are frankly amazed at the way in which will-of-the-wisp bandit Clyde Barrow and his yellow- haired companion, Bonnie Parker, continue to elude their would-be captors.  Since engaging the police in a gun battle on the streets of Joplin Missouri and slaying three of their number...
19) 46) dialog: Go on.
20) 28) text: Shoot him. BONNIE shoots C.W. an angry glance--it's just what the ga doesn't want.
20) 30) text: ...hang him?... Reaction--BONNIE carefully gauging the moment to interven
20) 31) dialog: (suddenly)
20) 34) dialog: (pointedly ignoring C.W., brightly)
20) 39) dialog: (continuing right on, coyly picking up Bryce's gun from grill)
20) 56) dialog: How's this? "Captain Bryce and new found friend." She coyly loosens his tie, tousles his hair, and plants a big kiss on him while still ogling camera.
21) 2) text: Everybody just take it easy and nobody will get hurt. CLYDE covers the door.  BONNIE and BUCK go to the tellers cages and get money.  BUCK goes inside, emptying out the cash drawers.  Cut to BONNIE filling the sack. Cut to a close-up of a burglar alarm button.  Slowly a ha crawls up the wall and a finger slowly moves to push the button.  When the finger is about one inch away, suddenly gun appears in the frame and gently taps the hand away. camera pulls back to reveal BUCK smiling at a lady teller
26) 0) text: Two men in police uniforms following BONNIE and CLYDE.
27) 0) text: FARMER is describing BONNIE and CLYDE to passersby who do on him as though he'd just had contact with a portion of true cross.  FARMER is aware of his position.
31) 8) text: Bonnie Parker...C.W. (goes back to the first again and lays out another round)
31) 9) text: Clyde, Buck...Bonnie...C.W. Clyde, Clyde again...Buck...Bonnie...C.W. BUCK and BLANCHE stand watching.  BLANCHE looks fretful. She nudges BUCK and whispers to him.
31) 16) dialog: (incredulous)
31) 19) text: I'm just a nervous wreck and that's the truth.  And I have to listen to sass from Miss Bonnie Parker all the time.  I deserve mine! Close.  BUCK.  Day--looking at CLYDE, his face full of we smiles and embarrassment at his wife.
31) 26) dialog: She'll be doin' right well to spend it at all. BONNIE turns and ambles away from the car.  After a momen CLYDE stops counting and moves after her.  He's prepared a fight, stands behind BONNIE's arched back trying to gau the degree of hostility there.
31) 29) text: Look, Bonnie, I've said it and I guess I'll keep sayin' it before we're thru--Blanche is Buck's wife and Buck is family. He waits expectantly.
31) 30) dialog: (finally, utterly without malice)
31) 31) text: --she's such a silly-Billy... BONNIE looks plaintively to CLYDE.
31) 32) dialog: My family could use some of that money.
31) 35) dialog: (exploding)
34) 3) text: Step on it, Velma, step on it! Close-up.  Accelerator.  VELMA jams it down to the floor. The car speeds. EXT. ROAD.  THE CHASE.  DAY. BONNIE and CLYDE's car gaining on them, gaining on them, gaining on them and finally overtaking them, coming up an ahead, forcing them to the side of the road. Med. shot.  The MAN and WOMAN's car.  Terrified, they rol up their windows, lock their doors and huddle together.
35) 3) text: Get in here. INT. OTHER CAR.  DAY. They get in and the gang gets in.  Seven people are now jammed inside.  CLYDE drives, BONNIE next to him, C.W. ne to her.  In back, BLANCHE, then EUGENE with VELMA (of necessity) sitting on his lap, and then BUCK.  As will be seen, the reason the Barrows have kidnapped the couple is simply that they wanted company.  Living as they do, seei only each other day after day, they long for diversion an new faces.  So the atmosphere in the car will shortly cha to one of friendliness and jollity, and it will get progressively more so in the series of cuts which advance the time.  As the car starts up at the beginning, however the MAN and WOMAN are terrified.
35) 11) dialog: Look, don't be scared, folks.  It ain't like you was the law.  You're just folks like us.
35) 19) dialog: (laughing at the contretemps)
35) 20) text: Well, you two must be in love, I bet. EUGENE and VELMA blush, get shy for a second.  BONNIE smi
35) 26) dialog: So then she drinks her milk down again, every drop.  And she looks over at her son and says, "Son, whatever you do, don't sell that cow!" The couple laughs with great amusement, but everyone else the car doesn't laugh--this is the tenth time they've hea the joke.
36) 1) dialog: (to Velma)
36) 24) dialog: (laughing)
36) 27) text: I'm an undertaker. Suddenly everyone freezes.  A shudder, as if the cold han of death had suddenly touched the occupants of the car. atmosphere changes to cold, deadly, fearful silence in exactly one second.  It is a premonition of death for the Barrows, and they react accordingly, BONNIE especially. Close-up.  BONNIE.
36) 28) dialog: (tautly, in a flat voice)
36) 29) text: Get them out of here. EXT. ROAD.  NIGHT. The car brakes to a sudden stop.  The rear down is opened the MAN and WOMAN flung out into the darkness.  The car drives off into the lonely night. From this point on, the audience should realize that deat is inevitable for the Barrow gang, that it follows them always, that it waits anywhere.  It is no longer a questi of whether death will come, but when it will. EXT. WOODS.  MORNING. Moving with CLYDE he tears through the brush, snagging hi clothes, calling BONNIE's name.  CLYDE's search is so desperate here that for a moment we might think he is fleeing from something rather than looking for something. In a moment he emerges onto the road.  The car, with C.W. driving, and BUCK and BLANCHE beside him, is patrolling slowly up ahead of him. CLYDE spots it and runs toward it.  Hold on this angle un he catches up with it and leaps onto the running board.
36) 44) dialog: Leave me alone!  Leave me alone!
36) 46) text: Hey...hey, hey, baby, hey, Bonnie, hey baby... (calming her down)
36) 47) text: ...Hey, hey now...just where did you think you were goin'?... BONNIE doesn't answer. Up angle.  POV CLYDE.  As he's momentarily distracted by BUCK's laughter as he's in the cornfield picking up BONNI clothing.  CLYDE waves an impatient it's all-right-wave. turns back to BONNIE who he still holds tightly.
36) 49) text: --Huh.  Bonnie?  Where?  Where?
36) 51) dialog: I don't know!  You're hurting me, I was just scared is all...and my mama's been on my mind, and she's gettin' so old... BONNIE hesitates, beginning to feel a little foolish now.
36) 53) dialog: But I mean it, though.  I want to see my mama.  Please, Clyde. Two shot.  BONNIE and CLYDE.  Day.
36) 57) text: --of three or four cars parked on the side of a road in Texas.  A light rain is falling.  There are a lot of peop gathered around, but the sound is an indistinct mixture o talk, laughter, etc. There follows a quick montage of cuts which isolate speci moments in the family reunion, thereby implying the entir tone of the proceedings.  The sense of family pervades. Montage.  BONNIE and MOTHER.  BONNIE's mother, an old wom grabs her and hugs her and cries. Montage.  BONNIE, CLYDE, MAN.  A man, an uncle perhaps, stands with BONNIE and CLYDE, arms around them both, hugg them to his sides tightly. Montage.  BONNIE and sister.  BONNIE's sister hands them scrapbook of clippings.
36) 62) text: Oh, Horsey! keep your tail up, keep yer tail up, keep yer tail up, Oh, Horsey! keep yer tail up, Why don't you make it rise. Montage--C.W.  A hand off camera thrusts a sandwich at C. He opens the bread to see what's inside it, then eats it. Montage--BONNIE &amp; SISTER.  BONNIE sits stock-still wh sister gives her a permanent in the back seat of a car. sister pauses, setting down the curling iron.  She stroke BONNIE's yellow head with her hand, as though she were a wild animal that had paused long enough to be petted. BONNIE turns to see her sister's expression.  They embrac Montage--Family picnic--Favoring CLYDE, MOTHER &amp; BONN CLYDE, in his best theatrical manner has been playing hos in the sand pile, perhaps using some sort of towel across the arm or around the middle.  The party is beginning to break up now as used paper plates and crumpled napkins ar blowing across the sand and the group is finishing up on Eskimo pie.
36) 69) dialog: Don't go yet, Mama.
36) 71) text: C'mere, c'mere you little corn roller. Wide angle.  As Uncle sweeps up the laughing little Tom. Reaction--BONNIE.  BONNIE turns with increased urgency to her MOTHER, who, having been hefted to her feet by BONNIE sister, has turned to CLYDE, who gives her a big, boyish
36) 73) dialog: (to Clyde)
36) 81) text: And I wouldn't risk Bonnie here just to make money, uncertain as times are.  Why one time I knowed of a job where we could of make $2000 easy, but I saw the law outside and I said to myself, why Bonnie could get hurt here.  So I just drove right on and let that money lay. He waits for a response, as does BONNIE.  BONNIE's MOTHER smiles, a little abstractedly.
37) 0) text: Hold on the outside long enough to see the unusual structures: two little motel cabins connected by two identical garages, an entirely symmetrical structure. INT. PLATTE CITY MOTEL BEDROOM.  WITH BONNIE.  DAY. --as she tries, against heavy odds, to file and trim her nails in a corner of the room.  The odds are; CLYDE on a uke, b.g., BUCK, and BLANCHE--gathered around C.W. who si in the only stuffed chair in the room.  Their o.s. raucousness is clearly shattering to BONNIE who, at a key moment in the scene, ends up spearing her cuticle with a file, spurting a little board and a lot of temper. Other angle.  CLYDE--BUCK--BLANCHE--C.W.  Day.  A naked lightbulb (the lampshade has been removed) glares down on C.W.'s chest--where a pair of bluebirds have been tattooe with a rocco flourish.  BUCK and BLANCHE are vastly amuse rather BLANCHE takes delight in BUCK's delight.
37) 7) text: Oh, no, Daddy!  No! Reaction BONNIE.  Day--as the file digs into her cuticle BLANCHE's squeal.  With barely controlled rage:
37) 9) dialog: What are you all doin'? INT. MOTEL BEDROOM.  GROUP SHOT.  FAV. BONNIE.  DAY.
37) 11) text: Playin' with my tattoo, Bonnie.
37) 12) dialog: Well, why don't you all go play with it somewhere else? New angle.  Motel bedroom.  Day.
37) 18) dialog: (exploding)
37) 21) text: Bonnie's hungry, C.W. I saw a chicken place a few miles back. Who all wants to go get some food? INT. MOTEL BEDROOM.  GROUP SHOT.  DAY.
37) 28) text: I'll go. CLYDE makes a face to BONNIE pretending there's something going on between C.W. and BLANCHE.  BONNIE tries to keep from being amused.  C.W. moves out with BLANCHE.  BUCK ri to go next door.
37) 32) text: All finally exit, leaving BONNIE and CLYDE alone. EXT. CAR AND STREET.  DUSK. C.W. and BLANCHE go out.  We go with them.  They get in t car and drive off.  BUCK enters his cabin. INT. MOTEL BEDROOM.  BONNIE AND CLYDE.  DUSK. CLYDE reaches her, and for a moment both stare with fanat intensity at each other, BONNIE trying desperately to kee straight face.  They are nose to nose, unblinking.  CLYDE gives her a big raspberry, waggling his fingers in his ea like a kid.  She laughs.
37) 33) dialog: I hate you all.
37) 35) dialog: no, I really hate you. She turns away from him, wilts onto the bed.
37) 37) dialog: (eyes brimming)
37) 40) dialog: What mama?...she's just an old woman now...I have no mama... BONNIE rolls over on her back, stares up at CLYDE, tears splaying across her face from the move.
37) 41) dialog: (quietly)
37) 44) dialog: Not as long as you care about me.
37) 46) text: Why I love you, sugar. It's the first time he's said it to her, and BONNIE is overwhelmed.  She wraps her arms around CLYDE's middle, a snuggles into him, like a child.  Neither we nor CLYDE ca see BONNIE's face now, and her voice is muffled by his ch
39) 0) text: On C.W.'s moonlit chest and face, tattooed bluebirds heav and occasionally snoring in the night.  Behind him the ro is dimly lit by flickering candles that are placed out of sight on the floor.  The shapes in the room--the bed is gutted and only the box mattress remains--dresser, lamp shades, etc., are grotesque in the flickering light.  O.s sounds of BONNIE and CLYDE, BONNIE giggling and CLYDE whispering something we can't quite hear. Move across the room toward the gutted bed.  Move gigglin from the floor beneath the box mattress--for a moment it should appear as if something perversely sexual may be go on between BONNIE and CLYDE.
39) 4) text: Aw Bonnie--
39) 6) text: C'mon! CLYDE's arm wielding a Tommy gun, clears the bed.  With t muzzle, CLYDE knocks the swivel mirror on the dresser overhead, bringing BONNIE and CLYDE into view. Closer angle mirror--BONNIE and CLYDE.  Night.  BONNIE li stiff as a statue on the white mattress, impeccably dress for her funeral.  Candelabras made of empty beer bottles at her head and feet.  BONNIE's hands and face are powder and painted a waxen white.  She wears a garish silk bow i her hair which it, for this occasion, curled like a littl girl's. CLYDE sits up, beer bottle in one hand, Tommy gun in the other, derby hat cocked--and just a little unsure of the whole thing.  He takes a swig--BONNIE stops him, trying terribly hard not to change her position.
39) 7) dialog: Lie down now, honey.
39) 9) dialog: (with patience, to a child)
39) 14) dialog: (it suddenly strikes her)
39) 17) dialog: (rising, weaving a little)
39) 20) dialog: Stripes.  Don't go away now. She weaves her way over to the dresser, takes a swig from bottle there herself, checks her makeup, and returns with the tie.  Holding against his chest to try it out she alm falls into him.  CLYDE steadies her.
39) 21) dialog: Perfect. She tries to tie it for him, and clearly has trouble with the knot.
39) 25) dialog: Much. This tickles CLYDE despite himself and he laughs--BONNIE begins to sing to him--performing for both CLYDe and her image in the mirror--like some hoydenish vaudevillian.
39) 29) dialog: All right, shut your eyes now.
39) 32) dialog: One for the money.
39) 34) dialog: Three to get ready-- CLYDE &amp; BONNIE
39) 38) text: The men are on the other side. EXT. PLATTE CITY MOTEL.  NIGHT. The four lawmen, among them the DEPUTY from the cafe, edg their way across the lawn, past the first garage, past th second.  Before they reach the door of BONNIE and CLYDE's cabin, the window smashes and there are blasts of gunfire One cop is hit and falls, the others run back to the cars for cover.  BONNIE and C.W. are at the window, firing steadily. CLYDE--running into the garage to get the car.  They must escape.  All they can do is escape, and all they have is that one car in the closed garage. Outside.  Two of the lawmen fall to the ground, shot.  As the remaining two run back for cover, we see a blinding light rolling up in a space between the six cars.  It is armored truck, with mounted guns and and spotlight, advan toward the cabin. Inside the armored truck.  Two men in the seat.  Sounds o gunshots coming from everywhere, piercing light.  From inside the truck, we suddenly see the windshield shattere from bullets fired by BONNIE and C.W.  The driver is hit, and he slumps over the wheel.  His body hits the horn, wh starts blasting and continues throughout the battle.  The other man, quickly, ducks under the dashboard for protect Inside the garage.  CLYDE standing by the car.  He holds Browning Automatic.  The garage door is shaking from the impact of bullets, shattering.  His gun already firing (automatic clip) before he gets there.  CLYDE in a crouch runs to the garage door, flings it up, and runs back insi the car.  Now the door is open and he can get the car out
39) 42) text: BONNIE walks over to the group, looking at BUCK, C.W. goe over to her.  Two shot--BONNIE and C.W.
39) 47) text: ...light hurts so bad... BONNIE walks over to the car and comes back with the sunglasses BUCK had given BLANCHE.  Moving her out of the glare, she helps BLANCHE put them on.  BONNIE now has an around BLANCHE, and BLANCHE shivers into BONNIE gracefull BONNIE is a little repelled by BLANCHE, but comforts her of genuine feeling for her.
39) 50) dialog: (helping with glasses)
39) 51) text: --here, hon'. BONNIE looks silently up to CLYDE.  CLYDE is looking dumb down at his mangled brother.
39) 55) dialog: (gently, knowing CLYDE will not and cannot answer BLANCHE)
39) 56) text: Buck can't be moved, now, hon'. BLANCHE's answer to this is hysterical sobbing, burying herself into BONNIE, mumbling half-coherent, muffled pray between the sobs.
39) 62) text: CLYDE has begun to cry a little, continues to smooth back BUCK's hair with ritualistic regularity. Wide angle.  Night.  Camera pulls away, way back to wide shot of the entire field, showing the group in the center the darkness, lit by the headlights. Match dissolve into early dawn, camera still on the wide shot.  The field is lighter, though the trees still loom blackly around it.  The two cars, one almost a shattered wreck, the other bright and shiny and new, are parked in center.  The sky is light, but the trees cast a dark shad on the field.  The gang is just sitting around.  BLANCHE weeping next to BUCK, C.W. sitting on the running board o car, staring.  BONNIE standing and smoking.  CLYDE still with BUCK. All is quiet. EXT. WOODS.  DAY. From the edge of the woods, a man in a white shirt emerge from behind a tree.  The camera swings abruptly to get hi He calls out to the gang.
43) 0) text: Sound partly up again, but never at its realistic volume. From inside the smashed car, we peer out the window acros the field and see the other car.  The thought strikes the audience at the same time it strikes the gang--they must to that car. Med. shot of the second car, sitting in the field, shinin in the sun.  The lawmen also realize what must be done--c off this escape.  Though BONNIE, CLYDE and the others are heading toward it, they suddenly train all their fire on car rather than the gang. The car fills the frame of the screen.  Bullets begin to it.  It starts to quiver under the impact.  For the next minute, we see the car die in front of our eyes.  We see beautiful machine fall to pieces--windows smash, tires to apart, body riddled.  The death of the car is as painful watch as the willful death of a human being.  The executi is paced deliberately to show the ritualistic tempo of th destruction. EXT. WOODS. The camera pulls back, way back and slightly above everyt to reveal the entire field.  On the left of the screen, BONNIE, CLYDE and C.W. are scrambling toward the edge of woods.  In the center BUCK and BLANCHE have taken cover behind a fallen log.  In the foreground, police begin to emerge from the woods.  The camera zooms rapidly in with them toward BUCK.  BLANCHE is screaming.
44) 0) text: They have reached the edge of the woods.  Camera tracks w them as they run.  From all around come the sounds of the posse.  The three get in through the pines and come final to a deep stream.  They jump in and start across, running awkwardly in chest-deep water.  They are half way across when the police appear on the bank behind them, shooting. Close-up.  BONNIE.  Day--as she is struggling through the water.  A bullet hits her in the shoulder.  We must see t bullet clearly, we must see it go in her flesh so that we can feel it. Tight close-up of BONNIE's face as she screams.  It is th first time she has been hurt, and the scream is pure anim pain.  She cries out. EXT. STREAM AND CORNFIELD.  DAY. CLYDE, who has almost reached the other side, comes back gets her.  He drags her out of the water and into a cornf that starts growing on the opposite bank, C.W. helping. half-carries half-runs with her into the cornfield, as th field gets deeper and thicker. They stop for a second.
44) 2) text: Saw...saw a farm...up ahead...gotta get...a car... He starts to give over the wounded BONNIE to C.W.
44) 3) dialog: Baby, no... But CLYDE has not heard this last.  Working on pure adrenaline now, he struggles onward.  Camera tilts up slightly so we can see CLYDE as he essays his way toward farmhouse with a car in the distance.  After a few moment he disappears and we can hear only the cracking of the stalks as that sound too diminishes, Full shot.  Cornfield.  Day.  Silence.
44) 6) dialog: Shhh! They wait for another long moment, picking up only the tiniest sounds.
44) 7) dialog: (finally)
44) 11) dialog: (as though it were the most logical thing in the world)
44) 12) text: I can't die without Clyde.  I just can't. C.W. looks at her as if she's gone crazy.  After another moment the corn begins to tremble, and we hear the o.s. sound of an approaching car. With C.W. Day--tentatively lifting his head up to clear t corn stalks.  With him we see the car looming larger, bearing down on us, splitting the corn stalks.  The car finally comes to a stop a few feet in front of C.W.  BONN is on her feet, and CLYDE tumbles out of the car, practic before it's stopped, sweeping BONNIE into him.  For a mom both are in their knees a few feet from the running board the car, simply holding onto each other and not moving.
45) 0) text: They have gotten away, but are still escaping.  C.W. is driving.  He is bare-chested.  CLYDE is beside him in fro his arm bleeding.  He falls in and out of consciousness. BONNIE is stretched out in back.
46) 6) text: It's Bonnie Parker and Clyde Barrow.
47) 15) text: We been shot.  Help me get 'em inside.  We gotta help 'em. They go to the car and drag the unconscious BONNIE out an begin carrying her up to the house.
47) 39) text: A coil of rope snaps into and through the paper, splittin it and revealing C.W.'s startled face.  CLYDE strides the porch angrily, snapping the rope. BONNIE and MALCOLM are seated along with C.W.  Through BONNIE has her arm supported by a sling and CLYDE has his shoulder bandagedm it is evident by CLYDE's heady indigna and BONNIE's attentiveness that both are well on the way recovery.
47) 46) text: Whooooooo, boy... (kneeling, to Bonnie)
47) 49) dialog: (assuring him)
47) 69) text: You're welcome here, now you know that. INT. MOSS HOUSE. They go into the house.  Camera goes with them.  As soon they are out of earshot from BONNIE and CLYDE, MALCOLM tu on C.W. displaying an entirely different demeanor from th one he presented outside.
47) 73) text: Bonnie says it looks good.
47) 97) text: And we run off, God, I was scared. And then it was run all the time, and I wanted to go, I begged to go, but Clyde and Bonnie and C.W.--
48) 0) text: It is pouring rain, middle of the afternoon, BONNIE and CLYDE are inside the car, sitting.  They have lived so mu in cars that they tend to still spend much of their time it rather than in a room.  There they are themselves. INT. CAR. BONNIE is in the back seat, her legs wrapped in a plaid blanket, writing poetry.  She looks like Elizabeth Barret Browning.  With one essential difference--her arm is in a sling and she is wearing bandages on the shoulder.  CLYDE in the front seat, reading a newspaper.  He is also parti bandaged.  On the dashboard is a box of ginger-snaps whic he eats while he reads.  They look domestic.
48) 3) dialog: (busy, absorbed)
48) 9) text: Look here, honey, remember this? He holds up the paper; there is one of the photos from th motel, the one showing BONNIE smoking.  She looks up at i with mild interest.
48) 10) dialog: Yeah, at the motel.
48) 12) text: You sure don't resemble that no more. Close-up BONNIE.  She doesn't.  She has become totally fragile, the essence of herself.  She is writing on a pad CLYDE and BONNIE.
48) 14) dialog: (intensely)
48) 18) dialog: Just let me finish this line.
48) 20) dialog: (continuing)
48) 21) text: Okay, here it is. Close-up.  BONNIE--as she reads intensely.  At the beginn of this montage, the camera remains on her face.  Behind we see the rain on the window.
48) 22) dialog: (reading)
48) 23) text: "The Story of Bonnie and Clyde" You've heard the story of Jesse James-- Of how he lived and died: If you're still in need Of something to read Here's the story of Bonnie and Clyde. Now Bonnie and Clyde are the Barrow Gang I'm sure you all have read How they rob and steal And those who squeal Are usually found dying or dead. They call them cold-hearted killers; They say they are heartless and mean; But I say this with pride, That I once knew Clyde When he was honest and upright and clean. But the laws fooled around, Kept taking him down And locking him in a cell, Till he said to me, "I'll never be free So I'll meet a few of them in hell." The road was so dimly lighted; There were no highway signs to guide; But they made up their minds If all roads were blind, They wouldn't give up till they died.
49) 3) dialog: If they try to act like citizens And rent them a nice little flat About the third night They're invited to fight By a sub-gun's rat-tat-tat. Some day they'll go down together; They'll bury them side by side; To few it'll be grief-- To the law a relief-- But it's death for Bonnie and Clyde.
49) 6) text: Damn!  That's me! A great laugh comes bursting from him.  Camera widens to take in BONNIE.  She is both startled and delighted by hi response.
49) 8) text: In that poem! BONNIE giggles.
49) 11) text: Right in the paper! Close-up BONNIE.  Now laughing too, with a great feeling joy. Two shot.  BONNIE and CLYDE.
49) 14) text: Pshhhhhh! He grabs BONNIE and chuckles delightedly.
49) 17) text: Damn, Bonnie!  You musta been one hell of a waitress! Close-up.  BONNIE--laughing, her eyes filled with tears. CLYDE's hand wipes them away. Two shot.
49) 21) text: The Poem of Bonnie and Clyde!
49) 22) dialog: (laughing at the mistake, happy)
49) 28) text: Damn!...damn...damn! He casts a sidelong glance to BONNIE, wanting some sort o overt reaction from her.  She's just smiling slightly. CLYDE's underlying anxiety begins to surface.
49) 30) text: Hey, listen, Bonnie, how do you feel?
49) 31) dialog: (watching him steadily, her slight smile growing)
49) 34) dialog: Just.
49) 38) dialog: (stopping him, with great warmth)
50) 7) text: Bonnie and Clyde!... (he slaps the carton out of C.W.'s hands; whispering again)
50) 8) text: Bonnie and Clyde.
50) 27) text: Whew!... You think them laws are gonna catch Bonnie and Clyde in town? C.W. returns to the ice cream carton--MALCOLM lets him, figuring he better find out what he can.
50) 34) text: Nobody catches Clyde.  Clyde's got a sense, don't you know that, Daddy? Nobody catches Clyde. MALCOLM knows better, but for just a moment he stares at son, fearing that maybe C.W., for all his limitations, ha sense about CLYDE's sense.  C.W. has finished with the carton and crumples it, licking the last remnants of crea off his fingers. INT. BEDROOM.  MOSS FARM.  NIGHT. BONNIE and CLYDE's bedroom, the middle of that night.  Bo are wide awake, lying on opposite sides of the double bed Both are staring into the night, disquiet.
50) 37) text: Bonnie?  Bonnie, will you marry me? There is a silent gasp from BONNIE, a barely perceptible stiffening.  Then she talks in a voice falsely formal, st staring up at the ceiling.
50) 38) dialog: How could I do that, Clyde?  You know it's impossible.  We'd have to go to a Justice of the Peace and the Justice of the Peace is a lawman.  We couldn't even take out a license.
50) 41) dialog: (with a grim irony, her voice getting more and more emotional)
50) 45) text: Bonnie...are you crying, honey? BONNIE nods yes and slowly gets control over her tears.
50) 46) dialog: (her face still buried in CLYDE's chest, she whispers)
50) 50) text: To make an honest woman out of you. BONNIE is silent.
50) 51) dialog: (finally, in a voice charged with anticipation and dream)
50) 55) text: Bonnie? She is silent.
51) 0) text: A street in Arcadia.  The car is parked.  BONNIE and CLYD walks toward the car carrying big bags of groceries and supplies and put them inside.
51) 3) dialog: He stopped off in that hardware store to get light bulbs for his daddy. CLYDE opens the door of the driver's seat and sits down. INT. CAR.  ARCADIA STREET.  DAY.
51) 5) dialog: (kidding around)
51) 9) dialog: (laughing)
51) 13) dialog: (admiring it)
51) 16) dialog: We got any peaches?  I sure could go for a peach right now. She burrows in the bag and comes out with a peach.  She takes a big bite.  The juice drips down the side of her mouth.  She looks beautiful.
51) 19) dialog: Do what?
51) 21) dialog: You sure you feel up to it?
51) 26) dialog: (humming to the radio)
51) 31) dialog: Nothin' happened.
51) 33) text: Go take a look, see what's keepin' him. Not too delighted with the chore, BONNIE goes off.  We remain with CLYDE, getting anxious.  The music plays on. BONNIE comes back, hurriedly, now anxious herself.
51) 34) dialog: He ain't there. CLYDE jumps into action, slams his door.
51) 36) dialog: What's wrong?
52) 0) text: CLYDE reaches the spot, pulls off the road and stops the He gets out.  Camera pulls back.  CLYDE talks to the old man, BONNIE stays in the car.  Cut to a shut down the tre of the law, tense. Suddenly, a truck loaded with chickens comes riding down road from the opposite direction.  HAMER sees it from a l way away and realizes that he cannot afford to let anythi pass between him and his quarry.  He decides the time is He leaps up from the trench and yells at CLYDE.