13) 18) dialog: (singing)
13) 21) dialog: Criminal element!  This is my brother, darlin'.  Shoot, he ain't no more criminal than you are, Blanche.
13) 23) dialog: Now word of mouth just don't go, darlin', you gotta have the facts. Shoot.  Why he and me growed up together, slept and worked side by side. (laughing)
13) 26) dialog: (chidingly)
13) 30) dialog: I just ain't gonna work in your Daddy's church--That's final. (laughing it off, singing)
14) 0) text: BUCK's car drives up to the cabin, honking the horn wildl The door of the cabin opens and CLYDE comes running out. is overjoyed to see his brother.  BUCK jumps out of the c equally delighted.  They hug each other.
14) 2) text: Buck!
14) 3) dialog: Clyde!  You son of a bitch! They laugh happily and begin sparring with each other, faking punches and blocking punches--an old childhood rit There is a great feeling of warmth between the two brothe CLYDE is more outgoing than we have ever seen him before.
14) 5) dialog: Just fine, just fine.  Send their best to you.
14) 8) dialog: Hell no! (laughing)
14) 12) dialog: (he explodes with laughter and so does Clyde, who loves Buck's jokes)
14) 17) text: Howdy-do.  It's real nice to know you. BUCK beams with pleasure, thinking they must like each ot BONNIE comes out of the cabin, standing on the steps.  Th screen door slams behind her. Close-up.  BONNIE.  Day--expressionless, looking it all o EXT. CABIN. BUCK and CLYDE notice nothing of this.  BUCK bounds over BONNIE, all jollity.
14) 18) dialog: (grabbing her)
14) 29) text: Heighdy, y'all. He pumps BUCK's hand vigorously and then goes to BLANCHE. With his characteristic one-track intensity, he decides t act just as friendly as he can with BLANCHE, ignoring the fact that he's standing there in his underwear.  BLANCHE, however, is not ignoring it.
14) 31) text: Did you have a hard time findin' us here in this neck of the woods? Well, you sure picked a good day for it.  Say, you got a Screenland there!  Any new photos of Myrna Loy? She's my favorite picture star. BLANCHE is starting to edge over to BUCK in sheer panic a this strange, young man in his BVD's but C.W. takes no notice of it. BLANCHE finally grabs BUCK's arm.  BONNIE watches it all, smirking.
14) 32) dialog: Hey, lemme get the Kodak! BUCK goes to his car and gets a folding Brownie camera.
14) 36) dialog: Y'all hear about the guy who thought Western Union was a cowboy's underwear? BUCK and CLYDE and C.W. laugh heartily.  C.W. goes into t cabin.  BUCK pushes BLANCHE and CLYDE together, posing th for a picture.
14) 39) text: Buck!  Don't take my picture now. I'm just a mess from driving all day.
14) 40) dialog: Oh honey, now you look real fine. BONNIE watches BLANCHE's behavior with hardly-veiled disg BUCK snaps the picture as BLANCHE is just about to move o of it.
14) 42) text: Did you take my picture?  Oh Buck! I declare-- BUCK laughs and goes to BONNIE, takes her by the arm and moves her next to CLYDE and BLANCHE.  He lines them up, steps back and takes their picture.  CLYDE is the only on smiling.
14) 44) text: Hey, Buck, get one of this. BUCK does.
14) 45) dialog: (giving Clyde the camera)
14) 52) dialog: (drawing Clyde aside)
14) 56) dialog: (as soon as the door is shut; conspiratorially)
14) 59) dialog: That guy you killed.  You had to, didn't ya?
14) 62) dialog: But you had to--
14) 65) dialog: (like two kids keeping a secret from Mom)
14) 68) dialog: (it is obvious he had hoped Clyde hadn't known about it)
14) 71) dialog: I appreciate it.
14) 73) dialog: She's a real peach. There is now a long pause--a lull in the conversation, as they asked each other all the questions and are now out o things to say.  It is too much for BUCK, the natural enem of silence, who suddenly claps his hands together and bur out animatedly:
14) 74) dialog: Boy, are we gonna have us a good time!
14) 77) dialog: Yessir! (a pause, then:)
14) 81) dialog: No trouble, now?
14) 83) dialog: Hey, what's this I hear about you cuttin' up your toes, boy?
14) 86) dialog: Shoot--
14) 88) dialog: And the doc, he takes him aside, says, "Son, your old mama just gettin' weak and sickly layin' there.  I want you to persuade her to take a little Brandy, y'know, to pick her spirits up." "Why, doc," he says, "you know my mamma is a teetotaler.  She wouldn't touch a drop." "Well, I tell you what," the doc says, "why don't you bring her a fresh quart of milk every day from your farm, 'cept you fix it up so half of it's Brandy and don't let on!" So he does that, doctors it up with Brandy, and his mamma drinks some of it.
14) 91) dialog: And the next day he brings it again and she drinks some more--and she keeps it up every day.  Finally, one week later, he brings her the milk and don't you know she just shallows it all down, and looks at her bag and says, "Son, whatever you do, don't sell that cow!" CLYDE and BUCK explode in laughter. INT. SECOND CAR.  DAY. At the top of the laugh, cut to the int. of the second ca riding right in back of them.  The atmosphere is complete unlike the cozy and jolly scene preceding.  We have dead silence.  BONNIE is driving, smoking a cigarette, grim. BLANCHE--seated as far away as she can get from BONNIE without falling out of the car--makes a face at the cigar smoke, rolls down the window for air.  C.W.'s in the back seat, just staring.
15) 0) text: A residential street in Joplin, Missouri, showing a garag apartment above a double garage.  Camera sees BUCK talkin to a dapper gent with keys in his hand.  BUCK pays him. man tips his hat and walks off.  BUCK gestures and Clyde drives a car into the driveway.  C.W. follows, driving BUCK's car with BLANCHE.  CLYDE stops beside BUCK.  BUCK leans into CLYDE's car and says:
15) 1) dialog: I give him a month's rent in advance.  We're all set.  Let's get inside. CLYDE calls back to C.W. in the following car.
15) 3) dialog: (on the running board of moving car)
16) 0) text: A winded BUCK enters and puts down BLANCHE.  As others behind him carry in their things and disperse throughout apartment.
16) 2) dialog: He give me the grocery number. He goes to the phone.
16) 3) dialog: (continuing)
16) 6) dialog: Hello, Smitty's grocery...I'd like to order a mess of groceries.  Oh yeah...eh 143 Hillsdale Street. Lessee, about 8 pounds of porkchops, 4 pounds of red beans...a can of Chase and Sandborn...uh.
16) 8) dialog: Sshh.  Uh...quart of milk...uh 8 bottles of Dr. Pepper and that's it, I guess.  No...no.  Uh...a box of Rice Krispies...Bye now.
17) 3) dialog: Gotcha! BLANCHE whoops.  Camera cuts to see that BUCK and C.W. ar playing checkers and BUCK has just beaten him.
17) 5) dialog: Boy, you ain't never gonna beat me but you keep tryin' now. He starts to set up the game again.
17) 7) dialog: Cut it out now, honey.  I'm gonna teach this boy a lesson he'll never forget. Camera cuts to BONNIE, watching with disgust.  Then slowl a wicked little smile edges across her face.  She watches for a moment more, then she rises and with the most ingen look she can muster up, beckons to CLYDE to follow her in the bedroom.  A little puzzled, CLYDE follows. INT. BEDROOM. BONNIE closes the door and immediately begins fussing wit CLYDE's hair, doing a scathing imitation of BLANCHE.  Tho her miming expresses her irritation at being closeted wit the Barrow menage, it is also a peach doing an imitation a lemon--and it is disarmingly sensual... Indeed the mimi allows BONNIE to be physically freer with CLYDE, and allo CLYDE to respond without anxiety, without self-consciousn We should have the distinct--if momentary--feeling that CLYDE could suddenly make it with BONNIE.
18) 8) dialog: Yeah, I knew her.  She was cockeyed and had a hare-lip and no teeth! BONNIE flashes him a look that could kill.  He shuts up f She continues:
19) 8) dialog: (caught in the middle of a bad situation, knowing Blanche is wrong, but trying to soothe her)
19) 12) text: Please, Buck, I didn't marry you to see you shot up!  Please, let's go! Let's get out of here and leave. Make him stop the car and let us out!
19) 13) dialog: (still quietly)
19) 42) dialog: (jubilantly)
19) 45) dialog: ...the Barrow gang has been reported as far West as White City, New Mexico, and as far north as Chicago. They have been credited with robbing the Mesquite Bank in the aforementioned White City, the J.J. Landry Oil Refinery in Arp, Texas, the Sanger City National Bank in Denton, Texas on three different occasions.  In addition to these robberies, the fast travelling Barrows have been rumored to have had a hand in the robbing of two Piggly Wiggly stores in Texas, and one A&amp;P store in Missouri, though Chief Percy Hammond, who first identified Clyde Barrow's brother, Buck, as a member of the gang, expressed some doubt that these last robberies were committed by the Barrow Gang alone.
20) 0) text: He pulls the car to a stop, gets out and goes off into th woods.  We watch him vanish behind the trees. INT. CAR. BUCK still scanning the newspaper.
20) 1) dialog: (with a laugh)
20) 2) text: Hey now, here's something!  Listen here: Lone Cop Arrests Two Officers In Hunt For Barrow.  Police Officer Howard Anderson's heart turned faster than his motorcycle when he forced to the side of the road a roaring black V-8 sedan in which were three men and a blondheaded woman yesterday afternoon. Everybody laughs.  As BUCK continues to read, his voice remaining on the soundtrack. EXT. CAR. The camera goes outside the car and pulls back, way back, reveal a police car quietly driving up behind the car.  T car stops a good distance away and one man gets out, the only occupant of the car.  He is tall, dressed in the uniform of the Texas Ranger.  He draws his gun and slowly approaches the car from the rear.  On the soundtrack BUCK voice continues; as we see all this taking place.
20) 3) dialog: When he saw several machine guns in the car he was certain he'd caught Clyde Barrow, Bonnie Parker, and maybe Buck Barrow and the third unidentified member of the gang. It took a lot of telephoning and explaining to convince the motorcycle cop that his captives were two highway patrolmen and a blonde-haired stenographer from the Highway Patrol--.  Haw!  Haw! (everybody busts up with laughter)
20) 6) dialog: Anderson was held up as an example for every other Texas peace officer today. "That was a mighty brave thing," explained Highway Patrol Chief L.C. Winston. CLYDE whips out his gun.  The following scene is played exactly like a classic fast-draw in an heroic Western.
20) 9) dialog: Sweet Jesus, I never seen shootin' like that! The gang grabs the man and takes his handcuffs from his b CLYDE makes him lean on the car's hood, arms extended, le spread, while he frisks him.  In general, everyone is excited over the capture.  BONNIE takes the sheriff's gun and delicately places it on the radiator grill like an object d'art.
20) 14) dialog: Say there, peacemaker.  I believe you got your spurs all tangled up. You're in Missouri, you know that? CLYDE has been going thru the man's  credentials.  Not so pleasantly:
20) 19) text: Didn't you? BRYCE flinches involuntarily.  BUCK suddenly grows wary a CLYDE's mood.  CLYDE leans into BRYCE, looking up.
20) 21) dialog: (trying to be casual)
20) 24) text: Reg'lar laws is one thing.  But this here bounty hunting, we got to discourage that. BLANCHE looks very uncomfortable.  She starts to say something, but BUCK intervenes.
20) 26) dialog: Like how, Clyde?-- A tense moment.  CLYDE can't think of anything right away
20) 37) dialog: (grasping possibilities immediately)
20) 43) text: Buck, get the Kodak!
20) 44) dialog: (relieved and excited)
20) 47) text: We're mighty proud to have a Texas Ranger in the family. BRYCE is obviously not pleased with this turn of events. Following dialogue is overlapped, ad-libbed, etc.  A sens of mounting glee at the kind of vengeance they are going exact. New angle.  BUCK is fiddling with the camera, setting up shot with CLYDE.  BUCK's following speech should be heard b.g., to CLYDE's speech below it.
20) 48) dialog: ...keep him set on the hood, there...more to the sun, like that...yeah...when all his ranger friends see this...I bet he's gonna wish he was dead!
20) 52) dialog: C'mon, now, Clyde, you and Bonnie first.  Move into him, right close, right friendly.
20) 58) dialog: ...I'm gettin' it, I'm gettin' it. Quite suddenly BRYCE, whose simmering intensity we should more sensitive to than the gang is, spits on Bonnie.  BON half-screams in disgust, but CLYDE is on top of BRYCE in flash, half-strangling on his own fury.  He pulls BRYCE o the fender by the handcuffs, spinning him around crazily like a lasso.  BRYCE is literally ricocheted off the car the force, and, with CLYDE hanging on by the cuffs, plumm down the embankment to the sandy beach below, both men falling, spinning.  BRYCE rises shakily.  He tries to wal away.  CLYDE grabs him again by the handcuffs and hurls h out into the water.  BRYCE smacks into a tree stump pokin out of the shallows and goes down.  CLYDE is on top of hi Meanwhile, BUCK has rushed down into the water, tries to pull CLYDE off BRYCE.
20) 59) dialog: (frantic)
20) 62) text: Lemme be, lemme be... BRYCE reaches the surface and CLYDE tries to throw him in deeper water.  He hitches BRYCE over a moldy skiff, knock aside one of the oars.  BUCK upends BRYCE into the skiff kicks it spinning.  CLYDE picks up an oar and hurls it li a boomerang, ass over end at the skiff.  It kicks up a sp
20) 63) dialog: (holding tightly to Clyde, yelling)
21) 2) text: Everybody just take it easy and nobody will get hurt. CLYDE covers the door.  BONNIE and BUCK go to the tellers cages and get money.  BUCK goes inside, emptying out the cash drawers.  Cut to BONNIE filling the sack. Cut to a close-up of a burglar alarm button.  Slowly a ha crawls up the wall and a finger slowly moves to push the button.  When the finger is about one inch away, suddenly gun appears in the frame and gently taps the hand away. camera pulls back to reveal BUCK smiling at a lady teller
21) 3) dialog: Don't do nothin' silly now. Cut to CLYDE standing near the door, training his guns on the entire bank.  A farmer stands a few feet away, some bills clutched in his hand.
21) 9) text: Next time I'll aim a little lower. They finish robbing the bank.  They start to exit.  Near door stands a guard with his hands raised.  He wears sun glasses of the period.  As they leave BUCK snatches the s glasses from the guard's head.
21) 10) dialog: Get a good look at us!  We're the Barrow boys. EXT. BANK.  DAY. The gang runs wildly into the street where the car waits, motor running.  As they leap into car, BUCK throws the su glasses into BLANCHE's lap.
21) 11) dialog: Happy birthday. They zoom off.  Shots are heard.  BONNIE, BUCK and CLYDE begin firing at the bank guards who are pursuing them.  T guards fire back. Close-up.  BLANCHE sitting in the back seat with her fing stuck tightly in her ears, eyes shut, trying to overcome panic.  A funny image, but one that also awakens pity.  T next sequence is carried out in cross-cutting.
22) 1) dialog: (to C.W. at the wheel)
31) 3) dialog: (commiseratingly)
31) 7) text: Buck Barrow... (lays down a bill)
31) 9) text: Clyde, Buck...Bonnie...C.W. Clyde, Clyde again...Buck...Bonnie...C.W. BUCK and BLANCHE stand watching.  BLANCHE looks fretful. She nudges BUCK and whispers to him.
31) 12) dialog: (very ill at east in this position he has been forced into)
31) 15) dialog: Uh, Clyde...well...what about Blanche? Everyone reacts with stunned amazement at BLANCHE's nerve wanting to get her cut.
31) 19) text: I'm just a nervous wreck and that's the truth.  And I have to listen to sass from Miss Bonnie Parker all the time.  I deserve mine! Close.  BUCK.  Day--looking at CLYDE, his face full of we smiles and embarrassment at his wife.
31) 23) dialog: Married a preacher's daughter and she still thinks she's takin' the collection. Everyone now laughs, but BLANCHE.  CLYDE continues counti
31) 24) dialog: (to Blanche)
31) 29) text: Look, Bonnie, I've said it and I guess I'll keep sayin' it before we're thru--Blanche is Buck's wife and Buck is family. He waits expectantly.
33) 0) text: BUCK looks out the rear window.
33) 1) dialog: They stopped chasin' us.  They turned around. Close-up.  CLYDE grinning mischievously.
35) 0) text: The Barrow gang piles out of their car and walks over, having a merry time.  They surround the car and press the faces against the window, flattening their features, maki menacing gestures at the shaking pair inside.  We see thi from the point of view of the MAN and WOMAN inside the ca CLYDE pulls out a gun, makes as if to shoot, but he is kidding.  They all laugh uproariously, especially BUCK wh is delighted with CLYDE's prank.  All of this we see in pantomime from inside the trapped car. EXT. CAR.
35) 3) text: Get in here. INT. OTHER CAR.  DAY. They get in and the gang gets in.  Seven people are now jammed inside.  CLYDE drives, BONNIE next to him, C.W. ne to her.  In back, BLANCHE, then EUGENE with VELMA (of necessity) sitting on his lap, and then BUCK.  As will be seen, the reason the Barrows have kidnapped the couple is simply that they wanted company.  Living as they do, seei only each other day after day, they long for diversion an new faces.  So the atmosphere in the car will shortly cha to one of friendliness and jollity, and it will get progressively more so in the series of cuts which advance the time.  As the car starts up at the beginning, however the MAN and WOMAN are terrified.
35) 4) dialog: What's your name?
35) 9) dialog: (just as friendly as he can be)
35) 10) text: Well, howdy!  We're the Barrow gang. That there is Clyde drivin' and I'm Buck. The MAN and WOMAN almost faint from fear; clutch at each other.  The gang all laugh at this.  VELMA and EUGENE beg to realize that they are not going to get hurt and that t Barrows are friendly to them.
35) 21) dialog: (gleefully, clapping his hands)
36) 6) dialog: (passing her some)
36) 13) dialog: (chewing)
36) 29) text: Get them out of here. EXT. ROAD.  NIGHT. The car brakes to a sudden stop.  The rear down is opened the MAN and WOMAN flung out into the darkness.  The car drives off into the lonely night. From this point on, the audience should realize that deat is inevitable for the Barrow gang, that it follows them always, that it waits anywhere.  It is no longer a questi of whether death will come, but when it will. EXT. WOODS.  MORNING. Moving with CLYDE he tears through the brush, snagging hi clothes, calling BONNIE's name.  CLYDE's search is so desperate here that for a moment we might think he is fleeing from something rather than looking for something. In a moment he emerges onto the road.  The car, with C.W. driving, and BUCK and BLANCHE beside him, is patrolling slowly up ahead of him. CLYDE spots it and runs toward it.  Hold on this angle un he catches up with it and leaps onto the running board.
36) 32) text: ...see anythin', Buck? BUCK is shocked at his brother's desperation, but makes n overt comment on it.
36) 33) dialog: --not yet, boy.
36) 39) text: ...Well, where do you think she could've gone?...Buck?...Buck?
36) 40) dialog: (amazed and a little frightened)
36) 47) text: ...Hey, hey now...just where did you think you were goin'?... BONNIE doesn't answer. Up angle.  POV CLYDE.  As he's momentarily distracted by BUCK's laughter as he's in the cornfield picking up BONNI clothing.  CLYDE waves an impatient it's all-right-wave. turns back to BONNIE who he still holds tightly.
36) 60) dialog: Hey look, here's that one I took of you, Clyde.  That came out just fine! Montage.  BONNIE, CLYDE, MAN.  BONNIE and CLYDE are posin for a comic snapshot.  A silly looking male relative is posing, pointing a gun at them.  They have their hands in the air and are grinning broadly.  (The effect should be funny and simultaneously frightening.) Montage BUCK, SMALL BOY.  BUCK is sitting with a little four-year-old on his knee, bouncing him up and down and singing.  Both are having a fine time.
36) 61) dialog: (singing)
37) 0) text: Hold on the outside long enough to see the unusual structures: two little motel cabins connected by two identical garages, an entirely symmetrical structure. INT. PLATTE CITY MOTEL BEDROOM.  WITH BONNIE.  DAY. --as she tries, against heavy odds, to file and trim her nails in a corner of the room.  The odds are; CLYDE on a uke, b.g., BUCK, and BLANCHE--gathered around C.W. who si in the only stuffed chair in the room.  Their o.s. raucousness is clearly shattering to BONNIE who, at a key moment in the scene, ends up spearing her cuticle with a file, spurting a little board and a lot of temper. Other angle.  CLYDE--BUCK--BLANCHE--C.W.  Day.  A naked lightbulb (the lampshade has been removed) glares down on C.W.'s chest--where a pair of bluebirds have been tattooe with a rocco flourish.  BUCK and BLANCHE are vastly amuse rather BLANCHE takes delight in BUCK's delight.
37) 1) dialog: How long have ya had it?
37) 4) dialog: (to Blanche, who stares fascinated as one of C.W.'s pectoral muscles contracts and the wings flutter)
37) 5) text: Touch it, honey!  Go on! BLANCHE squeals with amusement.  BUCK takes BLANCHE's han and places it on the bluebirds.
37) 16) dialog: (who doesn't want to be victimized by Bonnie's temperament)
37) 25) dialog: (not making a move to get up)
37) 28) text: I'll go. CLYDE makes a face to BONNIE pretending there's something going on between C.W. and BLANCHE.  BONNIE tries to keep from being amused.  C.W. moves out with BLANCHE.  BUCK ri to go next door.
37) 31) dialog: See if they got peach ice cream. (he grins and pats his stomach)
37) 32) text: All finally exit, leaving BONNIE and CLYDE alone. EXT. CAR AND STREET.  DUSK. C.W. and BLANCHE go out.  We go with them.  They get in t car and drive off.  BUCK enters his cabin. INT. MOTEL BEDROOM.  BONNIE AND CLYDE.  DUSK. CLYDE reaches her, and for a moment both stare with fanat intensity at each other, BONNIE trying desperately to kee straight face.  They are nose to nose, unblinking.  CLYDE gives her a big raspberry, waggling his fingers in his ea like a kid.  She laughs.
38) 13) text: Baptist...oh, and he thought the world of Buck, my daddy did, even knowing that Buck was serving time in jail.  He forgave him for that 'cause he paid his debt to society.
39) 42) text: BONNIE walks over to the group, looking at BUCK, C.W. goe over to her.  Two shot--BONNIE and C.W.
39) 47) text: ...light hurts so bad... BONNIE walks over to the car and comes back with the sunglasses BUCK had given BLANCHE.  Moving her out of the glare, she helps BLANCHE put them on.  BONNIE now has an around BLANCHE, and BLANCHE shivers into BONNIE gracefull BONNIE is a little repelled by BLANCHE, but comforts her of genuine feeling for her.
39) 53) text: Clyde, Clyde, please get us to a doctor. Though BLANCHE cannot see it, CLYDE has knelt down to the side of BUCK, taking BUCK's hand and with his other hand begun smoothing BUCK's hair back, away from the wound.
39) 56) text: Buck can't be moved, now, hon'. BLANCHE's answer to this is hysterical sobbing, burying herself into BONNIE, mumbling half-coherent, muffled pray between the sobs.
39) 58) dialog: (weakly)
39) 61) dialog: I believe I lost my shoes...maybe the dog hid 'em... (he lapses into unconsciousness again)
39) 62) text: CLYDE has begun to cry a little, continues to smooth back BUCK's hair with ritualistic regularity. Wide angle.  Night.  Camera pulls away, way back to wide shot of the entire field, showing the group in the center the darkness, lit by the headlights. Match dissolve into early dawn, camera still on the wide shot.  The field is lighter, though the trees still loom blackly around it.  The two cars, one almost a shattered wreck, the other bright and shiny and new, are parked in center.  The sky is light, but the trees cast a dark shad on the field.  The gang is just sitting around.  BLANCHE weeping next to BUCK, C.W. sitting on the running board o car, staring.  BONNIE standing and smoking.  CLYDE still with BUCK. All is quiet. EXT. WOODS.  DAY. From the edge of the woods, a man in a white shirt emerge from behind a tree.  The camera swings abruptly to get hi He calls out to the gang.
43) 0) text: Sound partly up again, but never at its realistic volume. From inside the smashed car, we peer out the window acros the field and see the other car.  The thought strikes the audience at the same time it strikes the gang--they must to that car. Med. shot of the second car, sitting in the field, shinin in the sun.  The lawmen also realize what must be done--c off this escape.  Though BONNIE, CLYDE and the others are heading toward it, they suddenly train all their fire on car rather than the gang. The car fills the frame of the screen.  Bullets begin to it.  It starts to quiver under the impact.  For the next minute, we see the car die in front of our eyes.  We see beautiful machine fall to pieces--windows smash, tires to apart, body riddled.  The death of the car is as painful watch as the willful death of a human being.  The executi is paced deliberately to show the ritualistic tempo of th destruction. EXT. WOODS. The camera pulls back, way back and slightly above everyt to reveal the entire field.  On the left of the screen, BONNIE, CLYDE and C.W. are scrambling toward the edge of woods.  In the center BUCK and BLANCHE have taken cover behind a fallen log.  In the foreground, police begin to emerge from the woods.  The camera zooms rapidly in with them toward BUCK.  BLANCHE is screaming.
47) 96) text: I didn't mean to.  I didn't.  Buck said we was just goin' to visit, we wouldn't be doin' no robbin' and stealin', and then we went to Joplin and all of a sudden they started shootin'. (hysteria begins to creep into her voice as she relives it all)