8) 3) dialog: (moving back to screw on gas cap)
8) 4) text: Air bubble--clogged the fuel line. C.W. now stands between BONNIE and CLYDE.
8) 5) dialog: (continuing)
8) 9) dialog: 'Scuse me, ma'm... Anythin' else I can do for you? CLYDE nods vigorously, looking across C.W.'s back to BONN BONNIE gets the message.
8) 12) dialog: (he's not too bright)
8) 15) dialog: (trying to be helpful)
8) 18) dialog: (he has no idea he's being toyed with)
8) 21) dialog: (touching it)
8) 24) dialog: Sure it is.
8) 29) text: I believe he is.  What a pity.  We sure coulda used a smart boy who knows such a great deal about automobiles. (suddenly business- like, to C.W.)
8) 31) dialog: (getting quite confused)
8) 36) dialog: C.W. Moss.
8) 38) dialog: (reluctantly)
8) 44) dialog: (nervously)
8) 49) dialog: (affronted in his dumb way)
8) 55) dialog: (anxious to prove himself)
10) 0) text: --on a painted wooden sign, lit by one attached light, wh reads: "MOTOR COURT". INT. ROOM IN MOTOR COURT.  NIGHT. --in darkness.  Camera is close on BONNIE.  She is awake restless.  O.S. comes the measured snoring that we will think comes from CLYDE.  BONNIE raises up and kneels over Clyde.  She needs him.  Clyde seems to snore on.  Camera drops between them and we see that the snoring actually comes from C.W.  BONNIE drops back on her pillow.  We cut close on CLYDE.  He is awake. INT. CAFE.  DAY. BONNIE, CLYDE and C.W. seated in a booth in a cafe.  The Waitress brings the food and serves everybody.  We see C. With great concentration, as he does everything by relati to the immediate action he happens to be involved with, h takes the sugar shaker and begins methodically sprinkling sugar over all his food.  He sugars the meat, the beans, the beets.  BONNIE and CLYDE watch this performance with first, amazement and second, disgust.  They can't believe what they see.
10) 2) text: C.W., what are you doing?  Why do you do that?
10) 4) dialog: (beginning to eat it)
10) 7) dialog: (chewing)
10) 10) dialog: Yeah, I know. With a resigned expression, BONNIE turns away and begins eat.  Suddenly a look of consternation crosses C.W.'s fac
10) 11) dialog: Damn!  No mayonnaise! He gets up and goes down to the counter on the other end the restaurant, out of our vision, apparently planning to put mayonnaise over the sugar.  The minute he is out of earshot, BONNIE gets CLYDE's attention.
10) 26) dialog: Hey, you spilled the sugar. Three shot.
10) 29) dialog: Mineola?  Gosh, that's four, five hundred miles from here!
11) 0) text: Inside the bank, BONNIE and CLYDE have filled the sack. They run out the door, the camera tracks with them. EXT. SMALL TOWN STREET.  DAY. They run for where the car was, but it isn't there.  Then they see C.W. has parked it. INT. CAR.  DAY.
12) 0) text: A police car that had been chasing CLYDE and BONNIE's car comes down the street.  It is obvious that the cops have lost them.  They are searching the street for a sign of CLYDE's car.  They pass a movie house whose marquee reads "GOLDDIGGERS OF 1933."  They slow for a moment, decide th is not a probable place to look.  They drive off. INT. MOVIE HOUSE.  WIDE ACROSS AUDIENCE AT SCREEN. The opening musical sequence of "Golddiggers" is on the screen.  Ginger Rogers sings "We're In The Money."  Among the audience we cannot make out our three people.  It is small audience and thinly dispersed. Tight shot at audience.  Camera pans the audience while o the track we hear the music of the song.  First of our gr who becomes visible is C.W.  He is staring at the screen eating bites from a candy bar in each hand.  Camera pans further and we see that CLYDE is in the row behind C.W. a a few seats to one side.  CLYDE is nervous and keeps watc the entrance doors.  He is in a rage.  He shifts in his s
12) 3) text: Dumb ass stupid. C.W. turns to CLYDE and nods agreement.  This infuriates CLYDE even more.  He slaps the back of C.W.'s head.
12) 7) text: On the right of the screen, f.g., BONNIE stands at the si fixing her make-up in the mirror.  The make-up has become more conservative.  On the left, further back, is a batht and in it sits C.W.  His head and knees peek over the gra soapy water.  He is engaged with his usual single-minded concentration, in washing himself, carefully scrubbing hi arms, not a thought in his head.  BONNIE finishes her mak up and regards herself quizzically, tilting her head to l at herself at different angles.  She is smoking a cigaret and really, studying herself.
12) 9) dialog: Uh...well, you're just fine, I guess.  Uh, well, course you're a real good shot...and...uh...well, sometimes you look pretty as a painting. Camera stays with BONNIE during all this, watching her lo at herself as she listens to C.W.'s evaluation.  She has narcissistic concern at the moment and as she hears him enumerate her values, she thinks about each in turn and decides yes, that's true.
12) 10) dialog: Hey, uh, Bonnie...could you get me that washrag there? Responding automatically, BONNIE turns and walks to a tow rack, pulls the washcloth off and starts toward C.W. when suddenly she stops with a smile on her face and a sudden motion.  Teasingly, she holds the washcloth out at arm's length.
12) 13) dialog: (not even realizing what's on her mind)
12) 16) text: Whyn't you come get it, C.W.?
12) 18) dialog: Aw, Bonnie, come on, gimme it. BONNIE tries another tack.  She begins sauntering over slowly, teasingly, still holding out the treasured washcl
12) 20) text: All right, I'll bring it myself. As she moves closer to the tub, C.W. realizes that she wi be able to peer down into the tub and see him and he frantically reaches up with one hand and yanks the washcl into the tub, causing a great splash.  BONNIE, somewhat t victim of the splash, jumps back and away.  Recovering he composure, she looks at C.W. who is slunk down in the tub like a gross September Morn.  She has tried him and he ha failed; she realizes now that he was no choice for her; n real man, even if he might perform sexually.  He is a lum This irritates her; his very presence is demeaning to herself and CLYDE.
12) 23) dialog: (trying to give the right answer, but obviously faking it)
14) 26) text: Hello. There is an awkward pause.  Suddenly the screen door open and C.W. comes out, dressed in his long underwear.  BLANC can hardly stand it.
14) 28) dialog: (friendly)
14) 30) dialog: Well how do, Mrs. Barrow.  Or can I call you Blanch?  I sure am pleased to meet you. (shaking her hand; Blanche is slowly going crazy with mortification)
14) 31) text: Did you have a hard time findin' us here in this neck of the woods? Well, you sure picked a good day for it.  Say, you got a Screenland there!  Any new photos of Myrna Loy? She's my favorite picture star. BLANCHE is starting to edge over to BUCK in sheer panic a this strange, young man in his BVD's but C.W. takes no notice of it. BLANCHE finally grabs BUCK's arm.  BONNIE watches it all, smirking.
14) 34) text: Hey, C.W., go put your pants on. We're gonna take some pictures.
14) 55) text: Here, C.W., take the girls' picture. INT. CABIN.  DAY. They walk into the cabin.  Camera goes with them.  Bedroo is dark, shades pulled down.  There is an aura of boys' clubhouse secret camaraderie in the following scene:
15) 0) text: A residential street in Joplin, Missouri, showing a garag apartment above a double garage.  Camera sees BUCK talkin to a dapper gent with keys in his hand.  BUCK pays him. man tips his hat and walks off.  BUCK gestures and Clyde drives a car into the driveway.  C.W. follows, driving BUCK's car with BLANCHE.  CLYDE stops beside BUCK.  BUCK leans into CLYDE's car and says:
17) 4) dialog: Again.
19) 0) text: The inside of the car, still speeding.  BLANCHE is hyster C.W. is still firing out the window.  The pursuing police car's driver is shot and the car crashes into a tree.  Th gang is not being pursued now, but CLYDE is driving at 90 BLANCHE is moaning and crying.  BONNIE, in front, turns around furiously.
19) 47) dialog: (finally)
20) 8) dialog: Boy!  What a shot, Clyde!
20) 13) dialog: Sure 'nough, Clyde?
20) 16) dialog: He's lost, this here Texas Ranger. CLYDE claps BRYCE's hands behind his back, handcuffs him, spins him around.
20) 27) dialog: (trying to be helpful)
20) 28) text: Shoot him. BONNIE shoots C.W. an angry glance--it's just what the ga doesn't want.
20) 29) dialog: (trying again)
20) 32) text: --uh-uh.  Take his picture. CLYDE's not sure he's heard right.  Neither is C.W.
20) 33) dialog: Take his picture?
22) 2) text: Kick it in the pants, C.W.
22) 5) dialog: (driving like a wild man, but adlibing loudly)
31) 8) text: Bonnie Parker...C.W. (goes back to the first again and lays out another round)
31) 9) text: Clyde, Buck...Bonnie...C.W. Clyde, Clyde again...Buck...Bonnie...C.W. BUCK and BLANCHE stand watching.  BLANCHE looks fretful. She nudges BUCK and whispers to him.
31) 36) text: Well, where can we go?  We rob the damn banks, what else do we do? CLYDE cannot really answer.  Suddenly C.W. starts yelling
31) 37) dialog: 
31) 40) text: I hear you, C.W.
31) 41) dialog: This ol' heap's gushin' oil!  We got to swipe us another set of wheels right away, or we won't get anywhere.  Look here. He reaches down under the pan of the car and scoops a goo handful of slick black oil which he holds before their fa
31) 42) dialog: See? CLYDE nods slowly.  He looks back to BONNIE.  He sees.
35) 3) text: Get in here. INT. OTHER CAR.  DAY. They get in and the gang gets in.  Seven people are now jammed inside.  CLYDE drives, BONNIE next to him, C.W. ne to her.  In back, BLANCHE, then EUGENE with VELMA (of necessity) sitting on his lap, and then BUCK.  As will be seen, the reason the Barrows have kidnapped the couple is simply that they wanted company.  Living as they do, seei only each other day after day, they long for diversion an new faces.  So the atmosphere in the car will shortly cha to one of friendliness and jollity, and it will get progressively more so in the series of cuts which advance the time.  As the car starts up at the beginning, however the MAN and WOMAN are terrified.
36) 10) text: This isn't mine.  I ordered mine well done.  Who's got the other hamburger? Close-up.  C.W. who has already taken a bite of the other
36) 11) dialog: Oh, is this supposed to be yours? He extends the bitten burger out to EUGENE. Full shot.
36) 29) text: Get them out of here. EXT. ROAD.  NIGHT. The car brakes to a sudden stop.  The rear down is opened the MAN and WOMAN flung out into the darkness.  The car drives off into the lonely night. From this point on, the audience should realize that deat is inevitable for the Barrow gang, that it follows them always, that it waits anywhere.  It is no longer a questi of whether death will come, but when it will. EXT. WOODS.  MORNING. Moving with CLYDE he tears through the brush, snagging hi clothes, calling BONNIE's name.  CLYDE's search is so desperate here that for a moment we might think he is fleeing from something rather than looking for something. In a moment he emerges onto the road.  The car, with C.W. driving, and BUCK and BLANCHE beside him, is patrolling slowly up ahead of him. CLYDE spots it and runs toward it.  Hold on this angle un he catches up with it and leaps onto the running board.
36) 62) text: Oh, Horsey! keep your tail up, keep yer tail up, keep yer tail up, Oh, Horsey! keep yer tail up, Why don't you make it rise. Montage--C.W.  A hand off camera thrusts a sandwich at C. He opens the bread to see what's inside it, then eats it. Montage--BONNIE &amp; SISTER.  BONNIE sits stock-still wh sister gives her a permanent in the back seat of a car. sister pauses, setting down the curling iron.  She stroke BONNIE's yellow head with her hand, as though she were a wild animal that had paused long enough to be petted. BONNIE turns to see her sister's expression.  They embrac Montage--Family picnic--Favoring CLYDE, MOTHER &amp; BONN CLYDE, in his best theatrical manner has been playing hos in the sand pile, perhaps using some sort of towel across the arm or around the middle.  The party is beginning to break up now as used paper plates and crumpled napkins ar blowing across the sand and the group is finishing up on Eskimo pie.
37) 0) text: Hold on the outside long enough to see the unusual structures: two little motel cabins connected by two identical garages, an entirely symmetrical structure. INT. PLATTE CITY MOTEL BEDROOM.  WITH BONNIE.  DAY. --as she tries, against heavy odds, to file and trim her nails in a corner of the room.  The odds are; CLYDE on a uke, b.g., BUCK, and BLANCHE--gathered around C.W. who si in the only stuffed chair in the room.  Their o.s. raucousness is clearly shattering to BONNIE who, at a key moment in the scene, ends up spearing her cuticle with a file, spurting a little board and a lot of temper. Other angle.  CLYDE--BUCK--BLANCHE--C.W.  Day.  A naked lightbulb (the lampshade has been removed) glares down on C.W.'s chest--where a pair of bluebirds have been tattooe with a rocco flourish.  BUCK and BLANCHE are vastly amuse rather BLANCHE takes delight in BUCK's delight.
37) 2) dialog: (like some docile animal submitting to inspection)
37) 10) dialog: (insensitive to Bonnie's stare)
37) 21) text: Bonnie's hungry, C.W. I saw a chicken place a few miles back. Who all wants to go get some food? INT. MOTEL BEDROOM.  GROUP SHOT.  DAY.
37) 27) dialog: (reluctantly)
37) 28) text: I'll go. CLYDE makes a face to BONNIE pretending there's something going on between C.W. and BLANCHE.  BONNIE tries to keep from being amused.  C.W. moves out with BLANCHE.  BUCK ri to go next door.
37) 29) dialog: What's everybody want?
37) 32) text: All finally exit, leaving BONNIE and CLYDE alone. EXT. CAR AND STREET.  DUSK. C.W. and BLANCHE go out.  We go with them.  They get in t car and drive off.  BUCK enters his cabin. INT. MOTEL BEDROOM.  BONNIE AND CLYDE.  DUSK. CLYDE reaches her, and for a moment both stare with fanat intensity at each other, BONNIE trying desperately to kee straight face.  They are nose to nose, unblinking.  CLYDE gives her a big raspberry, waggling his fingers in his ea like a kid.  She laughs.
38) 1) dialog: (conversationally)
38) 5) dialog: Nothin'. BLANCHE, sick of it all, drops her head in her hand with sigh.
38) 7) dialog: Whyn't you go back home to your papa?
38) 10) dialog: When church is your pa affiliated with?
38) 14) dialog: We were Disciples of Christ. INT. FRIED CHICKEN CAFE. The camera remains stationary in this scene, in this posi A lunch counter sweeps down the center of the screen.  We are at one end of the counter.  In the f.g., a DEPUTY sit drinking coffee, absorbed in his cup.  In the b.g., at th other end of the counter, by the Exit door, BLANCHE and C are being handed their order by the counterman.
39) 0) text: On C.W.'s moonlit chest and face, tattooed bluebirds heav and occasionally snoring in the night.  Behind him the ro is dimly lit by flickering candles that are placed out of sight on the floor.  The shapes in the room--the bed is gutted and only the box mattress remains--dresser, lamp shades, etc., are grotesque in the flickering light.  O.s sounds of BONNIE and CLYDE, BONNIE giggling and CLYDE whispering something we can't quite hear. Move across the room toward the gutted bed.  Move gigglin from the floor beneath the box mattress--for a moment it should appear as if something perversely sexual may be go on between BONNIE and CLYDE.
39) 27) text: "Did you ever think when a hearse went by, That somebody you or I may die? They'll wrap you up in a big white sheet and bury you down just about six feet, The worms crawl in, the worms crawl out, The worms play penuckle on your snout. Your eyes fall in, your teeth fall out, Your face turns green and the pus runs out. During this last they have been hovering over C.W.'s twitching face, like a couple of tipsy ghouls, whisper- singing into his ears.  C.W. finally blinks, doesn't even bother to look at them.
39) 28) dialog: I'm gonna die if I don't get some sleep.  Quit singing that. Reaction--BONNIE and CLYDE.  Night.  They smile, go back lie down.  Looking at their images:
39) 38) text: The men are on the other side. EXT. PLATTE CITY MOTEL.  NIGHT. The four lawmen, among them the DEPUTY from the cafe, edg their way across the lawn, past the first garage, past th second.  Before they reach the door of BONNIE and CLYDE's cabin, the window smashes and there are blasts of gunfire One cop is hit and falls, the others run back to the cars for cover.  BONNIE and C.W. are at the window, firing steadily. CLYDE--running into the garage to get the car.  They must escape.  All they can do is escape, and all they have is that one car in the closed garage. Outside.  Two of the lawmen fall to the ground, shot.  As the remaining two run back for cover, we see a blinding light rolling up in a space between the six cars.  It is armored truck, with mounted guns and and spotlight, advan toward the cabin. Inside the armored truck.  Two men in the seat.  Sounds o gunshots coming from everywhere, piercing light.  From inside the truck, we suddenly see the windshield shattere from bullets fired by BONNIE and C.W.  The driver is hit, and he slumps over the wheel.  His body hits the horn, wh starts blasting and continues throughout the battle.  The other man, quickly, ducks under the dashboard for protect Inside the garage.  CLYDE standing by the car.  He holds Browning Automatic.  The garage door is shaking from the impact of bullets, shattering.  His gun already firing (automatic clip) before he gets there.  CLYDE in a crouch runs to the garage door, flings it up, and runs back insi the car.  Now the door is open and he can get the car out
39) 42) text: BONNIE walks over to the group, looking at BUCK, C.W. goe over to her.  Two shot--BONNIE and C.W.
39) 44) dialog: He ain't got a chance.  Half his head blown off. Camera pulls back to take in BLANCHE.
39) 62) text: CLYDE has begun to cry a little, continues to smooth back BUCK's hair with ritualistic regularity. Wide angle.  Night.  Camera pulls away, way back to wide shot of the entire field, showing the group in the center the darkness, lit by the headlights. Match dissolve into early dawn, camera still on the wide shot.  The field is lighter, though the trees still loom blackly around it.  The two cars, one almost a shattered wreck, the other bright and shiny and new, are parked in center.  The sky is light, but the trees cast a dark shad on the field.  The gang is just sitting around.  BLANCHE weeping next to BUCK, C.W. sitting on the running board o car, staring.  BONNIE standing and smoking.  CLYDE still with BUCK. All is quiet. EXT. WOODS.  DAY. From the edge of the woods, a man in a white shirt emerge from behind a tree.  The camera swings abruptly to get hi He calls out to the gang.
43) 0) text: Sound partly up again, but never at its realistic volume. From inside the smashed car, we peer out the window acros the field and see the other car.  The thought strikes the audience at the same time it strikes the gang--they must to that car. Med. shot of the second car, sitting in the field, shinin in the sun.  The lawmen also realize what must be done--c off this escape.  Though BONNIE, CLYDE and the others are heading toward it, they suddenly train all their fire on car rather than the gang. The car fills the frame of the screen.  Bullets begin to it.  It starts to quiver under the impact.  For the next minute, we see the car die in front of our eyes.  We see beautiful machine fall to pieces--windows smash, tires to apart, body riddled.  The death of the car is as painful watch as the willful death of a human being.  The executi is paced deliberately to show the ritualistic tempo of th destruction. EXT. WOODS. The camera pulls back, way back and slightly above everyt to reveal the entire field.  On the left of the screen, BONNIE, CLYDE and C.W. are scrambling toward the edge of woods.  In the center BUCK and BLANCHE have taken cover behind a fallen log.  In the foreground, police begin to emerge from the woods.  The camera zooms rapidly in with them toward BUCK.  BLANCHE is screaming.
44) 0) text: They have reached the edge of the woods.  Camera tracks w them as they run.  From all around come the sounds of the posse.  The three get in through the pines and come final to a deep stream.  They jump in and start across, running awkwardly in chest-deep water.  They are half way across when the police appear on the bank behind them, shooting. Close-up.  BONNIE.  Day--as she is struggling through the water.  A bullet hits her in the shoulder.  We must see t bullet clearly, we must see it go in her flesh so that we can feel it. Tight close-up of BONNIE's face as she screams.  It is th first time she has been hurt, and the scream is pure anim pain.  She cries out. EXT. STREAM AND CORNFIELD.  DAY. CLYDE, who has almost reached the other side, comes back gets her.  He drags her out of the water and into a cornf that starts growing on the opposite bank, C.W. helping. half-carries half-runs with her into the cornfield, as th field gets deeper and thicker. They stop for a second.
44) 2) text: Saw...saw a farm...up ahead...gotta get...a car... He starts to give over the wounded BONNIE to C.W.
44) 5) dialog: Maybe--
44) 9) dialog: (nervously)
44) 12) text: I can't die without Clyde.  I just can't. C.W. looks at her as if she's gone crazy.  After another moment the corn begins to tremble, and we hear the o.s. sound of an approaching car. With C.W. Day--tentatively lifting his head up to clear t corn stalks.  With him we see the car looming larger, bearing down on us, splitting the corn stalks.  The car finally comes to a stop a few feet in front of C.W.  BONN is on her feet, and CLYDE tumbles out of the car, practic before it's stopped, sweeping BONNIE into him.  For a mom both are in their knees a few feet from the running board the car, simply holding onto each other and not moving.
44) 13) dialog: (tugging at both of them frantically)
45) 0) text: They have gotten away, but are still escaping.  C.W. is driving.  He is bare-chested.  CLYDE is beside him in fro his arm bleeding.  He falls in and out of consciousness. BONNIE is stretched out in back.
45) 3) dialog: (determinedly)
46) 0) text: C.W. is driving down the road, hell for leather.  Nearing campsite, where there are about six Okie cars and pick-up trucks all loaded down, with a number of poor families seated around a campfire, cooking.  C.W. jams on the brak He gets out, looking totally exhausted. Reaction shot.  The faces of the Okies, looking at this sudden presence in their midst. Back to C.W.
46) 1) dialog: (about to drop)
46) 2) text: Can y'all spare me a little water? EXT. CAMPSITE.  FULL SHOT. One man, the leader of the group, dips a cup of water and approaches C.W. suspiciously.  He comes close enough to m C.W. reach out for the water, but withholds it from him.
46) 4) dialog: Name's Moss. This seems to be enough for the man, who gives him the wa As C.W. gulps it down, the man begins to circle the car, peering into it suspiciously.  Suddenly he starts and his eyes open wide.
47) 0) text: The car pulls up outside the slightly ramshackle farm of MALCOLM MOSS, C.W.'s father, in Arcadia, Louisiana.  It sits, for a moment, in the dark.  Then C.W. honks the hor A few seconds pass, and the porch light comes on.  OLD MA MOSS comes out in his pajamas and peers into the darkness He is a fat man with gray hair.
47) 3) dialog: (calling back)
47) 6) dialog: It's C.W.  It's Clarence.
47) 10) dialog: (puzzled)
47) 12) text: It's a tattoo...I'm in trouble. I'll tell you about it later.  My friends are hurt.  Help me get 'em in. MALCOLM goes to car and looks inside for a moment.  He wa back to C.W.
47) 14) dialog: Yeah.  That's Clyde Barrow and Bonnie Parker. (reaction from Malcolm)
47) 18) dialog: C'mon, Pa, open the door. INT. SHERIFF'S OFFICE IN DEXTER.  DAY. Although the scene begins with a full-screen close-up of newspaper clipping with a photo, it is just a blurry-gray crowded scene of BLANCHE's capture.  Really impossible to make anybody out in the crowd.  Camera stays on photo as hear voice over of two men talking: a sheriff and his dep
47) 39) text: A coil of rope snaps into and through the paper, splittin it and revealing C.W.'s startled face.  CLYDE strides the porch angrily, snapping the rope. BONNIE and MALCOLM are seated along with C.W.  Through BONNIE has her arm supported by a sling and CLYDE has his shoulder bandagedm it is evident by CLYDE's heady indigna and BONNIE's attentiveness that both are well on the way recovery.
47) 50) text: You did all you could, hon'. Nobody coulda done more. C.W. has been studying hard on the torn paper, b.g.  Sudd
47) 51) dialog: Hey.  How come I'm always called the "Un-identified sus-spect?" Group shot.  Porch.  C.W. has trouble with this last phra BONNIE laughs.  This picks up CLYDE's spirits once more.
47) 56) dialog: (impressed)
47) 64) dialog: (abruptly)
47) 69) text: You're welcome here, now you know that. INT. MOSS HOUSE. They go into the house.  Camera goes with them.  As soon they are out of earshot from BONNIE and CLYDE, MALCOLM tu on C.W. displaying an entirely different demeanor from th one he presented outside.
47) 72) dialog: (protesting)
47) 76) dialog: But, Daddy--
47) 78) dialog: I don't see what's so bad about it... INT. HOSPITAL.  MED. SHOT OF THE ROOM. Seated in a soft chair, looking directly at us, is BLANCH BARROW.  Her eyes are completely covered with a white bandage.  She wears a hospital gown.  The room is white a bright.
47) 97) text: And we run off, God, I was scared. And then it was run all the time, and I wanted to go, I begged to go, but Clyde and Bonnie and C.W.--
47) 99) text: C.W.  C.W. who?
50) 0) text: After dinner.  There are four empty plates, but only C.W. and MALCOLM in the kitchen.  C.W. is scraping the bottom a wilted "EVA'S HAND-PACKED ICE CREAM" carton.  MALCOLM studies his son's quiet intensity in this direction for a moment, then moves very close, whispers when he speaks.
50) 3) dialog: (out loud, licking his ice cream)
50) 7) text: Bonnie and Clyde!... (he slaps the carton out of C.W.'s hands; whispering again)
50) 9) dialog: Sure, I always go with them. MALCOLM thinks hard about this.
50) 12) dialog: (genuinely puzzled)
50) 15) dialog: (still confused)
50) 20) dialog: (a piercing treble)
50) 25) text: And whatever you do, don't let onto them, hear? C.W. suddenly smiles, as if he knew something.
50) 26) dialog: (expletive)
50) 27) text: Whew!... You think them laws are gonna catch Bonnie and Clyde in town? C.W. returns to the ice cream carton--MALCOLM lets him, figuring he better find out what he can.
50) 29) dialog: (matter of fact)
50) 33) dialog: (looking directly at Malcolm)
50) 34) text: Nobody catches Clyde.  Clyde's got a sense, don't you know that, Daddy? Nobody catches Clyde. MALCOLM knows better, but for just a moment he stares at son, fearing that maybe C.W., for all his limitations, ha sense about CLYDE's sense.  C.W. has finished with the carton and crumples it, licking the last remnants of crea off his fingers. INT. BEDROOM.  MOSS FARM.  NIGHT. BONNIE and CLYDE's bedroom, the middle of that night.  Bo are wide awake, lying on opposite sides of the double bed Both are staring into the night, disquiet.
51) 2) text: What happened to C.W.?