0) 0) text: Blonde, somewhat fragile, intelligent in expression.  She putting on make-up with intense concentration and appreciation, applying lipstick and eye make-up.  As the camera slowly pulls back from the closeup we see that we have been looking into a mirror.  She is standing before full-length mirror in her bedroom doing her make-up.  She overdoes it in the style of the time: rosebud mouth and s forth.  As the film progresses her make-up will be refine until, at the end, there is none. The camera pulls back and continues to move very slowly throughout the first part of this scene.  As the camera continues to move away, we see, by degrees, that BONNIE i naked.  Her nudity is never blatantly revealed to the audience, but implied.  That is, she should be "covered" various ways from the camera's P.O.V., but the audience m be aware of her exposure to CLYDE later in the scene.  Th is the only time in the film that she will ever be this exposed, in all senses of the word, to the audience.  Her attitude and appraisal of herself here are touched with narcissism. The bedroom itself is a second-story bedroom in a lower- class frame house in West Dallas, Texas.  The neighborhoo is low income.  Though the room reveals its shabby surroundings, it also reveals an attempt by BONNIE to fix up.  Small and corny objets d'art are all over the tops o the bureaus, vanity tables, etc. (Little glass figurines porcelain statuettes and the like.) BONNIE finishes admiring herself.  She walks from the mir and moves slowly across the room, the camera moving with her, until she reaches the screened window on the opposit wall.  The shade is up.  There are no curtains.  She look out the window, looking down, and the camera looks down w her. EXT. BEDROOM.  BONNIE'S P.O.V.  DAY. Over her shoulder, we see the driveway leading to the gar connected to the house.  There is an old car parked in th driveway, its windows open.  We see a man walking up the driveway, somewhat furtively.  He is a rather dapper fell dressed in a dark suit with a vest, a white collar, and a straw boater.  It is CLYDE BARROW.  Obviously, he is abou to steal the car.  He looks it over, checking around him make sure no passers-by are coming.  He peers inside the front window to see if the keys are in the ignition.  He studies the dashboard.  BONNIE continues watching, silent Finally she calls out.
0) 8) dialog: (with the same put-on)
0) 11) dialog: (still the battle of wits going on)
0) 14) dialog: (he moves from his spot)
0) 18) dialog: Goin' to work, huh?  What do you do?
0) 20) dialog: (pretending to give it serious thought)
0) 26) dialog: (right on the nose)
0) 30) dialog: (mysteriously)
0) 33) dialog: (coolly, knowing its effect)
0) 36) dialog: Yeah.
0) 39) dialog: (tough)
0) 42) text: My, my, the things that turn up in the driveway these days. They reach the corner and turn.  They are on: EXT. MAIN STREET.  DAY. --a small-town street of barber shops, cafes, groceries, At the moment, it is deserted.  They continue walking dow the empty street.  CLYDE looks the place over.  Tracking.
0) 44) dialog: What do y'all do for a good time around here, listen to the grass grow?
0) 46) dialog: (showing off, but seriously)
0) 51) dialog: To get off the damn work detail, that's why. (stopping)
0) 57) dialog: Yeah.
1) 0) text: Gas station up the block.  BONNIE and CLYDE are seen lean against the soft drink chest, their profiles silhouetted the bright sun.  They are drinking cokes.  As they begin talk, the camera moves in closer to them.  CLYDE takes of his hat and rubs the cold coke bottle across his forehead BONNIE watches him.
1) 2) dialog: Prison?
1) 5) dialog: (he thinks it a silly question)
1) 9) dialog: (challenged)
1) 15) dialog: (picking up the challenge, proving himself)
1) 16) text: You just keep your eyes open. EXT. LITTLE GROCERY STORE ACROSS THE STREET.  DAY. The camera remains just behind BONNIE's shoulder so that throughout the following scene we have BONNIE in the pict looking at what we look at. CLYDE goes into the little store.  We remain outside with BONNIE watching.  For a minute nothing happens.  We can barely see what is going on in the store.  Then CLYDE com out, walking slowly.  In one hand he holds the gun, in th other a fistful of money.  He gets halfway, to BONNIE and smiles broadly at her, a smile of charm and personality. She smiles back.  The moment is intense, as if a spark ha jumped from one to the other.  Their relationship, which began the minute BONNIE spotted him in the driveway, has really begun.  CLYDE has shown his stuff and BONNIE is "turned on." Suddenly the old man who runs the grocery store comes running out into the street, completely dumbfounded.  He stands there and says nothing, yet his mouth moves in sil protest.  CLYDE points the gun above him and fires.  It i the first loud noise in the film thus far and it should b shock.  The old man, terrified, runs back into the store fast as he can, CLYDE quickly grabs BONNIE's hand.  The camera swings with them as they turn and begin to run dow the street.  A few yards and the stores disappear entirel The landscape turns into that arid, flat and unrelieved western plain that begins where the town ends. EXT. STORE.  AT THE EDGE OF TOWN.  DAY. A car is parked at the back of the store.  As soon as the reach it, CLYDE motions and BONNIE gets in.  CLYDE runs t the front, lifts up the hood and crosses the wires to mak it start.  As he stands back, BONNIE calls to him:
1) 18) dialog: (he slams the hood)
1) 19) text: Clyde Barrow. He runs over to the door, opens it, shoves her over, and starts up the engine.  The entire sequence is played at a incredible rapid pace.
1) 22) text: Hi, I'm Bonnie Parker.  Please to meet you. EXT. ROAD.  DAY. VROOM!  The car zooms off down the road, doing 90.  The f country breakdown music starts up on the sound track, goi just as fast as the car. EXT. CAR.  DAY. The car, still speeding, further down the road.  We zoom down and look in the rear window.  CLYDE is driving, we s from behind.  BONNIE is all over him, biting his ear, ruffling his hair, running her hands all over him--in sho making passionate love to him while he drives.  The thril of the robbery and the escape has turned her on sexually. EXT. CAR.  ANOTHER ANGLE.  DAY. The camera pulls back and above the car.  The car starts go crazy in a comical fashion, manifesting to the audienc just what is happening to the driver controlling it.  The car swerves all over the road.  The car comes to a sudden halt.  The car starts again.  It swerves this time almost right off the road before it straightens out.  It jumps a jerks.  Another car comes down the road the other way and CLYDE's car swerves so much as to make the other guy driv right off the road into the dirt.  It is almost Mack Senn stuff, but not quite that much. INT. CAR.  BONNIE AND CLYDE.  DAY. BONNIE grabs the wheel and turns it sharply. EXT. CAR.  DAY. It hairpins off the road onto a shoulder beneath some tre INT. CAR.  BONNIE AND CLYDE.  DAY. --still settling to a stop.  BONNIE and CLYDE appear to b necking heavily now, punctuated by BONNIE's squeals of passion as she squirms and hops about like a flea, trying get to CLYDE.  The floor gear-shift is keeping their bodi apart, however.  In exasperation, BONNIE takes the gear shift and shoves it forward out of their way.  She plunge onto CLYDE, burying him from view.
1) 26) dialog: (muffled, laughing)
1) 32) dialog: (muffled)
1) 34) text: I said, cut it out! He shoves her rudely away, slamming her into the far car door.  Suddenly it looks as if they've been fighting.  Bo unbuttoned and unglued, they stare silently at one anothe breathing heavily.  CLYDE gets out of the car, clearly shaken.  Despite the fact that he may have encountered th situation many times before, it's one that no twenty-one- year-old boy in 1932 is sophisticated enough to dismiss easily with bravado. BONNIE remains seated in the car.  She seems terribly vulnerable.  She fumbles about for a cigarette, too confu to figure out what didn't happen.  CLYDE turns back and reaches through the car window from the driver's side, lighting it for her.  BONNIE casts CLYDE a fishy stare, t accepts the light.
1) 35) dialog: (trying to be casual, even insouciant)
1) 40) dialog: I mean there's nothin' wrong with me, I don't like boys. BONNIE doesn't know what she thinks, and CLYDE is trying gauge her reaction--whether she feels rejected or repelle In fact, it's both--along with a little latent fascinatio
1) 43) dialog: (a little annoyed)
1) 47) dialog: (getting back into car)
1) 50) dialog: (almost shouting)
1) 51) text: If all you want's stud service, then get on back to West Dallas and stay there the rest of your life! This stops her.  Now CLYDE pours it on, with an almost maniacal exuberance that becomes more controlled as he ge control of BONNIE.
1) 52) dialog: But you're worth more'n that, a lot more, and you know it, and that's why you come along with me.  You could find a lover boy on every corner in town and it doesn't make a damn to them whether you're waiting on tables or picking cotton, so long as you cooperate. But it does make a damn to me!
1) 56) dialog: Why?  Because you're different! You're like me and you want different things. BONNIE is hooked now.
1) 57) dialog: (continuing)
1) 60) dialog: First time I saw you.
1) 62) dialog: (intensely, with real honesty)
2) 0) text: BONNIE and CLYDE seated in booth, now C.U. CLYDE.  The so track bridges the scene: the question that BONNIE has jus asked is now suddenly rebutted by CLYDE, as he points a finger at her.
2) 1) dialog: (not answering her, preferring to lead the conversation)
2) 3) dialog: Lessee...You were born somewheres around East Texas...got a big old family, right?...You went to school, of course, but you didn't take to it much 'cause you was a lot smarter than everybody else anyway.  So you just quit.  Now... (thinking, playing it for all it's worth)
2) 4) text: ...When you were sixteen...no, seventeen, there was a guy who worked in...uh... Pull back taking in BONNIE, favoring CLYDE.
2) 7) dialog: Right.  Cement plant.  And you liked him 'cause he thought you was just as nice as you could be.  You almost married that guy, but then...you thought, no, you didn't think you would.  So you got your job in the cafe... (getting closer to home now, hitting them right in there)
2) 12) dialog: And the truck drivers come in to eat greasy burgers and they kid you and you kid them back, but they're stupid and dumb, boys with big tattoos all over 'em, and you don't like it...And they ask you for dates and sometimes you go...but you mostly don't, and all they ever try is to get into your pants whether you want to or not...and you go home and sit in your room and think, when and how will I ever get away from this?...And now you know. BONNIE is half-mesmerized by his talk.  A waitress comes with their food.  A cheap, gaudy dame, she has spit curls each temple in the style of the times.  CLYDE looks at he and at BONNIE, who also wears spit curls.  As soon as the waitress leaves:
2) 13) dialog: (pointing at her hair)
2) 14) text: Change that.  I don't like it. Without a word of protest, BONNIE immediately reaches in bag and takes out a mirror.  She holds it up and with the other hand, brushes back her spit curls into her hair.  S never again wears them.  When she has pushed them back sh looks at CLYDE for his approval.  He nods his okay.  She smiles, puts back her mirror and begins to eat her food. She's ravenously hungry and eats with total concentration her plate.  CLYDE doesn't touch his food, just watches BONNIE eat for a minute.
2) 15) dialog: God, you're a knockout. EXT. ROADSIDE CAFE.  DAY FOR DUSK. CLYDE and BONNIE emerge from the cafe into the early even They move toward the car they have stolen.  Just beyond s a newer model car.  BONNIE is surprised to see CLYDE head toward the newer car.
2) 18) dialog: Sure it is.
2) 20) dialog: Don't mean we have to go home in it. She walks amazed around the new car and gets in beside hi He turns the key and they pull away from the cafe.
2) 25) text: Clyde... At another window CLYDE appears.
2) 26) dialog: Hey, lady.
2) 29) dialog: Slept out by the car.
2) 31) dialog: No...If they're after us, I want the first shot.  Come on, you got some work to do. BONNIE moves to the door and out of the house.
3) 5) dialog: The best.
3) 7) dialog: Come on.  Got you all set up over here. Wider angle.  They move around to the side of the buildin where CLYDE points to a tire hanging by a rope from a tre He means that to be BONNIE's target.  He hands her a gun.
3) 8) dialog: Set her spinnin'. BONNIE fires.  She misses.
3) 9) dialog: Again.  Come down slow with it... BONNIE fires again and hits the tire.  She smiles and blo the smoke from the barrel in pride and self-mockery.
3) 10) dialog: Ain't you something?  I tell you I'm going to get you a Smith and Wesson, it'll be easier in your hand.  Now try it again once... BONNIE sights.  As she is about to fire, a man appears around the corner of the building.  A FARMER.  She fires hits the tire.
3) 14) text: No sir...no sir.  You all go right ahead. CLYDE watches him warily.
3) 16) text: Used to be my place.  Not any more. Bank took it. CLYDE and BONNIE start to move toward the farmer.  All th move around to the front of the building.  At a distance see an Okie car loaded with belongings.  A WOMAN with a B in arms sits in front.  A smaller BOY stands outside the
3) 20) text: You're damned right, ma'm. He looks up to see an OLD NEGRO who has come from a dista shack and now stands near CLYDE's car.
3) 22) text: Me and him put in the years here. Yessir.  So you all go right ahead. We just come by for a last look. He stands a moment looking at the house and then turns around toward his family in the car.  CLYDE and BONNIE lo after him.  CLYDE spins and fires three fast shots into t fore-closure sign.  The FARMER stops and turns, looking a CLYDE.  CLYDE offers the gun to the farmer.  He looks at then accepts it.  He slowly takes aim at the sign and fir It pleases him.  He looks at CLYDE and BONNIE who smile.
3) 27) text: Much obliged. He extends his hand.  CLYDE shakes it.
3) 29) dialog: (formally)
3) 30) text: Miss Bonnie Parker.  And I'm Clyde Barrow. Across farmer's car.  Wide shot.  Day.  The FARMER turns moves toward his people.  DAVIS moves toward his shack. CLYDE and BONNIE in the b.g. Close angle.  BONNIE and CLYDE.
3) 31) dialog: (continuing)
3) 32) text: We rob banks. BONNIE turns quickly to look at CLYDE.  He smiles and nod
4) 0) text: A car is driving down it.  It is the next day.  BONNIE is driving, CLYDE beside her.
5) 1) dialog: You just stay in the car and watch and be ready. (he is playing it cool, knowing she is scared.  He thinks he's James Cagney)
5) 4) dialog: Scared?
5) 6) dialog: What are you thinkin' about?
5) 10) dialog: (with a swagger)
5) 14) dialog: (nonplussed at this)
5) 17) dialog: (totally befuddled at the turn of events)
5) 20) dialog: (furious)
5) 21) text: What?  What?? In a rage, he goes behind the partition, grabs the teller and pushes him ahead with the gun.  CLYDE is fuming.  He forces the teller out the front door. EXT. BANK #1.  DAY. --showing BONNIE in the car.  She is terrified as she see CLYDE and the TELLER coming at her.  She doesn't understa what is happening.
5) 22) dialog: (shoving the teller forward)
5) 26) text: As I was tellin' this gentleman, our bank failed last month and ain't no money in it.  I sure am sorry. BONNIE's reaction is one of hysterical relief and appreciation of what's funny in the situation.  She laugh uproariously, she can't stop laughing.  This makes CLYDE madder than ever.  He shoves the teller to the ground. INT. CAR.  DAY. Completely humiliated, CLYDE gets in the car, shoving BON over.  She is still laughing.  BONNIE starts the car.  CL points his gun out the window. Close shot.  Bank window--whereon is lettered: ASSETS-$70 INT. CAR.  CLYDE AND BONNIE.  DAY. Angle to include bank window.  CLYDE aims and puts a bull through each of the zeros.  We see each zero shot through Then the entire window hangs there for a second and sudde crashes.  On the soundtrack, BONNIE's laughter.
6) 1) dialog: (steaming)
6) 3) dialog: Keep it running.
7) 0) text: There is an old CLERK behind the counter, and standing in the b.g., almost out of our vision, is a BUTCHER--an enor giant of a man.  CLYDE steps up to the counter.
7) 1) dialog: Give me a loaf of bread, a dozen eggs and a quart of milk. The CLERK gets the order and puts it in a bag.  He rings open the cash register preparatory to asking CLYDE for th money.  CLYDE pulls his gun.
7) 2) dialog: This is a stickup.  I'll take all the money in that drawer now. He reaches over the counter into the cash drawer and grab the bills.  He smiles.  Suddenly looming beside CLYDE is BUTCHER, brandishing a meat cleaver.  Camera looks up at this formidable sight as the cleaver comes crashing down, missing CLYDE and sticking in the wooden counter.  He gra CLYDE around the chest in a bear hug and actually lifts h off the ground.  The struggle is in silence.  CLYDE is terrified, fighting wildly to get free.  The gun in CLYDE hand is pinned, because the man has CLYDE's arm pinned to his thigh.  CLYDE tries to raise the barrel at an upward angle to shoot, finally he is able to do so.  He fires. bullet enters the BUTCHER's stomach.  The BUTCHER screams but reacts like a wounded animal, more furious than ever. He still holds CLYDE in a fierce hug, staggering around t store, knocking into shelves and spilling cans.  CLYDE is hysterical with fear.  He shoots the BUTCHER again.  The BUTCHER falls to his knees, but still he doesn't release CLYDE.  In a panic, CLYDE drags the man to the door, tryi to get out. EXT. GROCERY STORE.  DAY. BONNIE sees CLYDE and the BUTCHER holding his legs.  She terrified.  CLYDE drags him out on the street.  The BUTCH won't let go.  CLYDE, in real panic, aims the gun at his head and fires.  Click.  Out of bullets.  In blind fury, pistol-whips the BUTCHER's head with two terrific swipes. Finally the BUTCHER lets go.  Hysterical, CLYDE jumps awa and leaps into the car on the other side.  BONNIE still a the wheel.
7) 3) dialog: Get the hell out of here! They drive-off at top speed.
8) 0) text: CLYDE is shaken.  He speaks haltingly, panting; trying to get control of himself.
8) 1) dialog: Damn him, that big son of a bitch... He tried to kill me... I ain't got eyes in back of my head... I didn't want to hurt him.  It wasn't a real robbery... Some food and a little bit of dough.  I'm not against him. Damn! EXT. SPEEDING CAR.  DAY. The car is speeding down an open road.  Suddenly it begin to buck and cough.  There is something wrong with the mot CLOSE SHOT.  C.W. MOSS.  EXT. FILLING STATION. His cherubic cheeks are puffed up as he blows into the fu lines of CLYDE's car.  There is a distinctly flat sound. Reaction: CLYDE and BONNIE.  CLYDE stands by the hood. BONNIE remains seated in the car.  CLYDE is covered with sweat and grease--clearly he has gotten in his licks on t engine without success.  Neither he nor BONNIE seems impressed by the noise C.W. is making. Another angle.  C.W.--as he screws back the fuel line and moves between BONNIE and CLYDE to the ignition, turning t engine over.  It purrs beautifully.  CLYDE is astonished.
8) 2) dialog: What was wrong, anyway?
8) 4) text: Air bubble--clogged the fuel line. C.W. now stands between BONNIE and CLYDE.
8) 6) text: I just blowed her away. CLYDE still can't get over it.
8) 7) dialog: You just blowed it away. C.W. belches.  He is embarrassed before BONNIE.
8) 27) dialog: (getting in the conversation)
8) 33) dialog: (pretending to cool on him)
8) 41) dialog: (swiftly, testing his mettle)
8) 48) dialog: Unless, Boy, you think you got enough guts for our line of work?
8) 52) dialog: (laughs)
8) 57) dialog: Prove it. C.W. walks away from the car.  Camera remains where it wa We see him walk inside the gas station office, open the c drawer, close it and come out.  He emerges with a fistful money.  He walks over to BONNIE's window, sticks his hand inside and drops the money on her lap.  We see the bills flutter down.  Not a word is spoken.  BONNIE moves over i the middle.  C.W. opens the door and gets in behind the wheel.  For a moment we see them all sitting there, each smiling their little smile.  CLYDE starts to hum a hillbi tune quietly.  The sound track picks it up (banjo and violin, etc.) and as the music swells, they drive off dow the road.
9) 0) text: A small room with a bed.  On it, covered by a sheet which humps like a mountain over his enormous stomach, is the BUTCHER.  His head is propped up on a pillow and he sips liquid through a bent glass straw.  Camera is on the left side of the head of the bed, seeing the BUTCHER in a thre quarter profile.  On the opposite side of the bed stands uniformed patrolman who is in the act of flashing mug-sho photos for the BUTCHER to identify his assailant.  The lawman holds a stack of them in front of them, swiftly changing the cards like a grade-school teacher with her flash cards.  At each picture, the BUTCHER grunts negativ and goes on sipping from his glass straw.  One picture, t three go by.  The fourth picture is a mug shot of CLYDE. Again the BUTCHER grunts 'no,' without hesitation.  As th next picture comes into view, we
10) 0) text: --on a painted wooden sign, lit by one attached light, wh reads: "MOTOR COURT". INT. ROOM IN MOTOR COURT.  NIGHT. --in darkness.  Camera is close on BONNIE.  She is awake restless.  O.S. comes the measured snoring that we will think comes from CLYDE.  BONNIE raises up and kneels over Clyde.  She needs him.  Clyde seems to snore on.  Camera drops between them and we see that the snoring actually comes from C.W.  BONNIE drops back on her pillow.  We cut close on CLYDE.  He is awake. INT. CAFE.  DAY. BONNIE, CLYDE and C.W. seated in a booth in a cafe.  The Waitress brings the food and serves everybody.  We see C. With great concentration, as he does everything by relati to the immediate action he happens to be involved with, h takes the sugar shaker and begins methodically sprinkling sugar over all his food.  He sugars the meat, the beans, the beets.  BONNIE and CLYDE watch this performance with first, amazement and second, disgust.  They can't believe what they see.
10) 13) dialog: Lemme show you about tomorrow.
10) 15) dialog: Now C.W.'ll be waitin' right outside in the car.  Here is the teller's cage.  Four of them and over here the desks and what have you...
10) 17) dialog: Hmmm??
10) 20) dialog: Hell, where else?  Ain't gonna spread out all over the state... The harshness of his tone concerns him and he recovers wi a smile.
10) 21) dialog: (continuing)
10) 25) dialog: You're the best damn girl in Texas. C.W. comes back with the mayonnaise; looks at the table.
10) 27) dialog: (eating)
10) 30) dialog: So what?  We take U.S. 85 to Willis Point, don't you know, and cut over on State Highway 28 at Kaufman, keep on goin' till we hit the farm- to-market road that connects to 105 and that's right up by Mineola.  On a Saturday afternoon... EXT. SMALL KANSAS TOWN. The car driving into a small Kansas town.  It is Saturday afternoon, sunny.  The streets are filled with people, ca wagons.  C.W.
10) 32) dialog: Keep it running. BONNIE and CLYDE enter bank. INT. BANK #2.  DAY. Cut to the interior of the bank.  BONNIE and CLYDE come i assume the class positions--she at the door where she can cover the bank, CLYDE at the first teller's cage.
10) 33) dialog: (in a very quiet voice)
10) 36) dialog: This is a stickup. This time everyone in the bank hears it.  The people gasp and pull back.  CLYDE slowly edges toward the door and pr BONNIE forward.  She carries a paper sack.  CLYDE motions her to go from cage to cage and get all of the money. BONNIE begins doing so, while CLYDE keeps his gun trained everybody.  We see BONNIE get the money from the first teller, the second teller, then... EXT. SMALL TOWN STREET.  DAY. A car parked in a tight spot has just pulled out. Close-up C.W.  Day--who suddenly looks delighted to see a parking space. EXT. CAR - STREET.  DAY. Immediately he methodically begins to back in.  It's a ti spot and he has to cut the wheel, pull forward, cut some more, pull back and so on.  The scene, for the audience, should be nervous and funny.
11) 0) text: Inside the bank, BONNIE and CLYDE have filled the sack. They run out the door, the camera tracks with them. EXT. SMALL TOWN STREET.  DAY. They run for where the car was, but it isn't there.  Then they see C.W. has parked it. INT. CAR.  DAY.
11) 1) dialog: Let's go!  Let's go! C.W. suddenly realizes what a stupid thing he's done. EXT. CAR.  STREET.  DAY. C.W. tries to shoot out of the parking spot, but he can't He has to go through the business of backing up, cutting wheel and all of it.  The scene is one of pure pandemoniu and chaos. INT. CAR.
11) 2) dialog: Come on!  Get it out! EXT. CAR.  DAY. A policeman arrives and begins firing at car.  C.W. gets car halfway out of the spot, scraping fenders in the proc and the car is almost out when suddenly a face looms up a the window--a dignified, white-haired, celluloid-collared man, obviously a bank official who has leaped onto the running board.  His screaming can barely by distinguished from all the noise.
12) 0) text: A police car that had been chasing CLYDE and BONNIE's car comes down the street.  It is obvious that the cops have lost them.  They are searching the street for a sign of CLYDE's car.  They pass a movie house whose marquee reads "GOLDDIGGERS OF 1933."  They slow for a moment, decide th is not a probable place to look.  They drive off. INT. MOVIE HOUSE.  WIDE ACROSS AUDIENCE AT SCREEN. The opening musical sequence of "Golddiggers" is on the screen.  Ginger Rogers sings "We're In The Money."  Among the audience we cannot make out our three people.  It is small audience and thinly dispersed. Tight shot at audience.  Camera pans the audience while o the track we hear the music of the song.  First of our gr who becomes visible is C.W.  He is staring at the screen eating bites from a candy bar in each hand.  Camera pans further and we see that CLYDE is in the row behind C.W. a a few seats to one side.  CLYDE is nervous and keeps watc the entrance doors.  He is in a rage.  He shifts in his s
12) 1) dialog: Boy, you gotta be poor in the head. You...!  Count of you I killed a man.  Murder...you too. Shot from behind CLYDE.  Shooting toward screen.
12) 2) dialog: (continuing)
12) 3) text: Dumb ass stupid. C.W. turns to CLYDE and nods agreement.  This infuriates CLYDE even more.  He slaps the back of C.W.'s head.
12) 4) dialog: Ever do a dumb thing like that again, I'll kill you boy! Angle at BONNIE.  She has been watching the movie; is now disturbed by the noise.  She turns back to CLYDE from her seat on the aisle.
12) 20) text: All right, I'll bring it myself. As she moves closer to the tub, C.W. realizes that she wi be able to peer down into the tub and see him and he frantically reaches up with one hand and yanks the washcl into the tub, causing a great splash.  BONNIE, somewhat t victim of the splash, jumps back and away.  Recovering he composure, she looks at C.W. who is slunk down in the tub like a gross September Morn.  She has tried him and he ha failed; she realizes now that he was no choice for her; n real man, even if he might perform sexually.  He is a lum This irritates her; his very presence is demeaning to herself and CLYDE.
13) 0) text: Camera goes with her into the connecting bedroom.  CLYDE sitting on the edge of the bed cleaning the guns and oili them.  He is quiet and preoccupied and takes no note of BONNIE's present condition.  The moment she enters, he lo up.
13) 1) dialog: (quietly)
13) 3) dialog: (continuing)
13) 4) text: This afternoon we killed a man and we were seen.  Now nobody knows who you are yet, but they're going to be after me and anybody who's runnin' with me.  Now that's murder now and it's gonna get rough. (BONNIE nods.  CLYDE continues speaking carefully and gently.)
13) 6) dialog: (as he pauses)
13) 9) dialog: (trying to make her see the seriousness of it)
13) 14) dialog: (amused in spite of himself)
14) 0) text: BUCK's car drives up to the cabin, honking the horn wildl The door of the cabin opens and CLYDE comes running out. is overjoyed to see his brother.  BUCK jumps out of the c equally delighted.  They hug each other.
14) 1) dialog: (hugging him)
14) 4) dialog: How's ma?  How's sister?
14) 6) dialog: (patting Buck's stomach)
14) 16) dialog: (shaking her hand)
14) 17) text: Howdy-do.  It's real nice to know you. BUCK beams with pleasure, thinking they must like each ot BONNIE comes out of the cabin, standing on the steps.  Th screen door slams behind her. Close-up.  BONNIE.  Day--expressionless, looking it all o EXT. CABIN. BUCK and CLYDE notice nothing of this.  BUCK bounds over BONNIE, all jollity.
14) 27) dialog: Everybody, this is C.W. Moss. C.W., my brother Buck and his wife, Blanche.
14) 33) dialog: (lighting up a cigar)
14) 42) text: Did you take my picture?  Oh Buck! I declare-- BUCK laughs and goes to BONNIE, takes her by the arm and moves her next to CLYDE and BLANCHE.  He lines them up, steps back and takes their picture.  CLYDE is the only on smiling.
14) 43) dialog: (pulling out his gun and posing like a movie tough)
14) 46) text: Clyde, you do one of me and my missus. He puts his arm around BLANCHE.  CLYDE takes the picture.
14) 48) dialog: (throwing her a challenge)
14) 51) text: Okay. CLYDE snaps the picture.  Everyone but BLANCHE laughs.  C comes out dressed.
14) 54) dialog: (handing C.W. the camera)
14) 58) dialog: Huh?
14) 60) dialog: (they are protecting each other)
14) 63) dialog: Yeah.  I had to.
14) 67) dialog: Hey, that time you broke out of jail, she talk you into goin' back?
14) 70) dialog: I won't say nothin' to Bonnie about it.
14) 72) dialog: Yeah...say, what d'ya think of Bonnie?
14) 75) dialog: (matching his merriment)
14) 79) dialog: Well, how's this--I thought we'd all go to Missouri.  They ain't lookin' for me there.  We'll hole up someplace and have us a regular vacation.  All right?
14) 82) dialog: No trouble.  I ain't lookin' to go back to prison.
14) 84) dialog: (ironically)
14) 87) dialog: Ain't life grand? EXT. ROAD.  DAY. We see the two cars, one behind the other, driving down a main road. INT. FIRST CAR.  DAY. CLYDE is driving.  BUCK sits next to him.  No one else is the car.
15) 0) text: A residential street in Joplin, Missouri, showing a garag apartment above a double garage.  Camera sees BUCK talkin to a dapper gent with keys in his hand.  BUCK pays him. man tips his hat and walks off.  BUCK gestures and Clyde drives a car into the driveway.  C.W. follows, driving BUCK's car with BLANCHE.  CLYDE stops beside BUCK.  BUCK leans into CLYDE's car and says:
15) 2) dialog: Pull up and unload the stuff.
17) 0) text: Open on BONNIE and CLYDE.  He is cleaning guns.  She is watching something off screen.  We hear a clicking sound.
17) 11) text: Oh mercy me, oh my stars! CLYDE laughs, and BONNIE tugs at the shirt--she kneels on the bed over CLYDE, who quite easily drapes across it.
17) 13) text: Oh, Daddy!  Yore such a slowpoke! She's letting her hair fall loose, its golden ends brushi up and down CLYDE's body.
17) 14) dialog: (amused, but cautionary)
17) 17) text: Shoot, there's always somebody in this room, the next room and ever' other kind of room. CLYDE has his arm around BONNIE, and she's almost draped across him--but in the direction of the length of the bed so their bodies almost form a crooked cross.  She digs an elbow into his stomach.
17) 18) dialog: Oof!...now that ain't no nice way to talk about my brother.
17) 23) text: I don't just mean like that...I mean do you ever have the notion of us bein' out together and alone, like at some fancy ball, or, I don't know, where we walk in all dressed and they announce us and it's fancy and in public, but we're alone somehow.  We're separate from everybody else, and they know it. CLYDE looks up to BONNIE, affectionately.  He runs his ha carelessly down her body.
17) 24) dialog: I always feel like we're separate from everybody else.
17) 26) text: Do you, baby? Suddenly there is a ring at the door.  BONNIE and CLYDE freeze. INT. LIVING ROOM. BONNIE and CLYDE run out into the living room, camera goi with them.
18) 12) dialog: (seeing it)
19) 0) text: The inside of the car, still speeding.  BLANCHE is hyster C.W. is still firing out the window.  The pursuing police car's driver is shot and the car crashes into a tree.  Th gang is not being pursued now, but CLYDE is driving at 90 BLANCHE is moaning and crying.  BONNIE, in front, turns around furiously.
19) 19) dialog: Cut it out, Bonnie. BONNIE is affronted.  BLANCHE continues sobbing.
19) 23) dialog: (coldly)
19) 26) dialog: Can't do that.  She's Buck's wife.
19) 29) dialog: Why?  What's the matter with you anyway?
19) 32) dialog: (really pissed-off at Bonnie)
19) 35) text: You talk to me like that!  Big Clyde Barrow, just the same as your brother, an ignorant uneducated hillbilly. (with deadly archness)
19) 38) dialog: Look, Bonnie-- He can't finish. Close.  BONNIE.  She drops her head into her hand for a moment, comes up a little more relaxed.  She looks at CLY and her eyes reflect the realization of the pain she has inflicted on him.  She softens.
19) 40) dialog: Okay...Okay, hon...let's get movin'... He turns and begins walking back to the car.  BONNIE walk alongside him.  On the few steps back, she regains all he dignity and acts aloof from the others waiting for her. reaches the car.  CLYDE opens her door for her and she ge in like a great lady.  He walks around to his side, gets and they drive off. WIDE SHOT.  EXT. CAR.  DAY. A very wide shot.  We see CLYDE's car driving along a woo road.  For a moment that is all we see, then we should become aware that far in the distance another car is following CLYDE's. Close. Rural mail box.  On the opposite side of the road, CLYDE's car swings across the road and CLYDE, who is driv snatches a newspaper which protrudes from the box and han it into the car.  They drive out of the shot.  Camera hol and soon the following car enters the shot.  The man driv is a Texas ranger.  He drives slowly.  He drives out of t shot. INT. CLYDE'S CAR. BUCK is reading from the paper.
19) 43) text: Hey, y'all, listen to this here: Law enforcement officers throughout the Southwest are frankly amazed at the way in which will-of-the-wisp bandit Clyde Barrow and his yellow- haired companion, Bonnie Parker, continue to elude their would-be captors.  Since engaging the police in a gun battle on the streets of Joplin Missouri and slaying three of their number...
19) 48) text: Clyde, we ain't goin' to see a restroom for another thirty miles. Why don't you just stop here? CLYDE looks relieved.
20) 4) text: In the meantime, on screen, the lawman is slowly approach the back of the car.  Suddenly, cut to shot of CLYDE comi out of the woods, behind the lawman.  His gun is tucked i his pants.  In a second, he sees what is happening.
20) 7) dialog: Sheriff! BRYCE spins around.  Both men fire instanteously, but CLY has the draw on him, and the aim.  The gun goes flying fr the SHERIFF's hand.  A really razzle-dazzle display of grandstand marksmanship from Clyde. Immediately the gang leaps from the car and surrounds the man, guns drawn.
20) 10) dialog: (examining the man's wallet, really surprised)
20) 11) text: Well, now, getta load of this.  I want y'all to know we are in the custody of Cap'n Frank Bryce, and Frank here is a Texas Ranger. Rev. angle across hood--so BRYCE's face, not visible to CLYDE or anyone else behind him, is in foreground.  His gnarled, powerful hands tremble slightly on the hood, as they might crinkle the metal like so much tissue paper. eyes stare toward camera relentlessly, unblinking, but without passion.  They are shark's eyes.  They have witne much carnage, devoured it, and are still wide open for mo
20) 15) dialog: You didn't know you was in Missouri?
20) 17) dialog: (a little pissed)
20) 19) text: Didn't you? BRYCE flinches involuntarily.  BUCK suddenly grows wary a CLYDE's mood.  CLYDE leans into BRYCE, looking up.
20) 20) dialog: --Now you ain't hardly doin' your job, Texas Ranger.  You oughta be home lookin' after the rights of poor folks, not out chasin' after us. He suddenly hefts BRYCE's huge bulk onto the fender.
20) 22) text: Easy there, Clyde.  Why take is so personal.
20) 23) dialog: (to Bryce)
20) 32) text: --uh-uh.  Take his picture. CLYDE's not sure he's heard right.  Neither is C.W.
20) 42) dialog: (grinning widely)
20) 46) dialog: (to Bryce)
20) 47) text: We're mighty proud to have a Texas Ranger in the family. BRYCE is obviously not pleased with this turn of events. Following dialogue is overlapped, ad-libbed, etc.  A sens of mounting glee at the kind of vengeance they are going exact. New angle.  BUCK is fiddling with the camera, setting up shot with CLYDE.  BUCK's following speech should be heard b.g., to CLYDE's speech below it.
20) 49) dialog: (to Bryce)
20) 53) dialog: All righty (to Bryce, whose hands are tied, hemmed in by them both)
20) 57) dialog: ...yeah, yeah...quick, Buck, get it...
20) 61) dialog: (oblivious)
20) 62) text: Lemme be, lemme be... BRYCE reaches the surface and CLYDE tries to throw him in deeper water.  He hitches BRYCE over a moldy skiff, knock aside one of the oars.  BUCK upends BRYCE into the skiff kicks it spinning.  CLYDE picks up an oar and hurls it li a boomerang, ass over end at the skiff.  It kicks up a sp
20) 66) dialog: ...All right, all right... (to Bryce, yelling)
21) 0) text: Inside the bank.  In contrast to the previous inept bank robbery scene, this one goes admirably well, the gang performing slickly and without a hitch.  As they enter, dripping wet, CLYDE makes a general announcement to every to the bank.
21) 1) dialog: This is the Barrow gang. (the people turn and freeze)
21) 2) text: Everybody just take it easy and nobody will get hurt. CLYDE covers the door.  BONNIE and BUCK go to the tellers cages and get money.  BUCK goes inside, emptying out the cash drawers.  Cut to BONNIE filling the sack. Cut to a close-up of a burglar alarm button.  Slowly a ha crawls up the wall and a finger slowly moves to push the button.  When the finger is about one inch away, suddenly gun appears in the frame and gently taps the hand away. camera pulls back to reveal BUCK smiling at a lady teller
21) 4) dialog: That your money or the bank's?
21) 6) dialog: Keep it, then.
21) 8) dialog: (to the guard, who has practically frozen in fear)
22) 4) dialog: We got to make that state line!
23) 2) text: Then he saw me goin' for my gun. Clyde Barrow himself, I mean.  And suddenly I was starin' into the face of death!
26) 0) text: Two men in police uniforms following BONNIE and CLYDE.
27) 0) text: FARMER is describing BONNIE and CLYDE to passersby who do on him as though he'd just had contact with a portion of true cross.  FARMER is aware of his position.
28) 0) text: Car slows up perceptibly as CLYDE says:
28) 1) dialog: Okay, relax.  We're in Oklahoma now. Slow down.
31) 1) dialog: (disappointed)
31) 5) dialog: Well, let's get to it. He begins dealing and splitting the money out on the hood the car, as they gather around.
31) 6) dialog: This is Clyde Barrow. (lays down a bill)
31) 9) text: Clyde, Buck...Bonnie...C.W. Clyde, Clyde again...Buck...Bonnie...C.W. BUCK and BLANCHE stand watching.  BLANCHE looks fretful. She nudges BUCK and whispers to him.
31) 11) dialog: Bonnie...C.S....Clyde...
31) 13) text: Um...eh...Clyde?
31) 14) dialog: Hah? BUCK is clearly embarrassed.
31) 19) text: I'm just a nervous wreck and that's the truth.  And I have to listen to sass from Miss Bonnie Parker all the time.  I deserve mine! Close.  BUCK.  Day--looking at CLYDE, his face full of we smiles and embarrassment at his wife.
31) 20) dialog: (with a sigh)
31) 27) dialog: Bonnie? No answer.
31) 28) dialog: (a little defensive)
31) 31) text: --she's such a silly-Billy... BONNIE looks plaintively to CLYDE.
31) 34) dialog: Them laws have been hangin' round your mamas house 'til all hours, Bonnie.  It's just too risky to go there.
31) 36) text: Well, where can we go?  We rob the damn banks, what else do we do? CLYDE cannot really answer.  Suddenly C.W. starts yelling
31) 38) dialog: CLYDE flinches at the sound.  C.W. comes bounding over, a rude an assault on their sensibilities as he can be.
31) 39) dialog: (wincing as they are nose to nose)
33) 2) dialog: Let's take 'em. BUCK and C.W. laugh appreciatively at the reversal.  CLYD turns the car around.  He performs the U-turn in the same narrow space in one, swift, smooth, beautiful turn.
34) 3) text: Step on it, Velma, step on it! Close-up.  Accelerator.  VELMA jams it down to the floor. The car speeds. EXT. ROAD.  THE CHASE.  DAY. BONNIE and CLYDE's car gaining on them, gaining on them, gaining on them and finally overtaking them, coming up an ahead, forcing them to the side of the road. Med. shot.  The MAN and WOMAN's car.  Terrified, they rol up their windows, lock their doors and huddle together.
35) 0) text: The Barrow gang piles out of their car and walks over, having a merry time.  They surround the car and press the faces against the window, flattening their features, maki menacing gestures at the shaking pair inside.  We see thi from the point of view of the MAN and WOMAN inside the ca CLYDE pulls out a gun, makes as if to shoot, but he is kidding.  They all laugh uproariously, especially BUCK wh is delighted with CLYDE's prank.  All of this we see in pantomime from inside the trapped car. EXT. CAR.
35) 1) dialog: C'mon, get out!  Get out of there, I said. They come out, hands held high, shaking with fear.  They have practically turned to jelly.
35) 2) dialog: (ordering them into the other car)
35) 3) text: Get in here. INT. OTHER CAR.  DAY. They get in and the gang gets in.  Seven people are now jammed inside.  CLYDE drives, BONNIE next to him, C.W. ne to her.  In back, BLANCHE, then EUGENE with VELMA (of necessity) sitting on his lap, and then BUCK.  As will be seen, the reason the Barrows have kidnapped the couple is simply that they wanted company.  Living as they do, seei only each other day after day, they long for diversion an new faces.  So the atmosphere in the car will shortly cha to one of friendliness and jollity, and it will get progressively more so in the series of cuts which advance the time.  As the car starts up at the beginning, however the MAN and WOMAN are terrified.
35) 10) text: Well, howdy!  We're the Barrow gang. That there is Clyde drivin' and I'm Buck. The MAN and WOMAN almost faint from fear; clutch at each other.  The gang all laugh at this.  VELMA and EUGENE beg to realize that they are not going to get hurt and that t Barrows are friendly to them.
35) 14) dialog: I expect you been readin' about us. The MAN and the WOMAN answer simultaneously with what the think is the right thing to say under the circumstances.
36) 8) dialog: Take it easy on those French fries, Velma.  Ain't that right, Eugene?
36) 15) dialog: (laughing)
36) 29) text: Get them out of here. EXT. ROAD.  NIGHT. The car brakes to a sudden stop.  The rear down is opened the MAN and WOMAN flung out into the darkness.  The car drives off into the lonely night. From this point on, the audience should realize that deat is inevitable for the Barrow gang, that it follows them always, that it waits anywhere.  It is no longer a questi of whether death will come, but when it will. EXT. WOODS.  MORNING. Moving with CLYDE he tears through the brush, snagging hi clothes, calling BONNIE's name.  CLYDE's search is so desperate here that for a moment we might think he is fleeing from something rather than looking for something. In a moment he emerges onto the road.  The car, with C.W. driving, and BUCK and BLANCHE beside him, is patrolling slowly up ahead of him. CLYDE spots it and runs toward it.  Hold on this angle un he catches up with it and leaps onto the running board.
36) 31) dialog: (breathing heavily)
36) 34) dialog: (with an edge of paranoia, as if the three of them might be withholding something from him)
36) 37) text: CLYDE gets the point.  For the very first time we see CLY the leader, helpless as he hangs onto the running board.
36) 38) dialog: (lamely)
36) 41) text: Jesus, I don't know... CLYDE looks helplessly at his brother, then drops off the running board and continues on foot, running along, scann the fields--the car keeping up beside him as he runs and truck before both car and CLYDE. Angle on car through windshield.  Reaction shot.  Day.  B turning to BLANCHE, shrugging his shoulders, speechless. Reverse angle through the windshield.  Day--at CLYDE, who has suddenly seen something begins gesticulating wildly, almost--from car's POV, a little comically.
36) 42) dialog: There!  There!  There!
36) 45) dialog: (holding her, kissing her frantically)
36) 47) text: ...Hey, hey now...just where did you think you were goin'?... BONNIE doesn't answer. Up angle.  POV CLYDE.  As he's momentarily distracted by BUCK's laughter as he's in the cornfield picking up BONNI clothing.  CLYDE waves an impatient it's all-right-wave. turns back to BONNIE who he still holds tightly.
36) 48) dialog: (still frantic)
36) 52) dialog: Boy, don't ever leave without sayin' somethin'.  You really scared me, Bonnie.
36) 54) dialog: (enormously relieved, kissing her)
36) 57) text: --of three or four cars parked on the side of a road in Texas.  A light rain is falling.  There are a lot of peop gathered around, but the sound is an indistinct mixture o talk, laughter, etc. There follows a quick montage of cuts which isolate speci moments in the family reunion, thereby implying the entir tone of the proceedings.  The sense of family pervades. Montage.  BONNIE and MOTHER.  BONNIE's mother, an old wom grabs her and hugs her and cries. Montage.  BONNIE, CLYDE, MAN.  A man, an uncle perhaps, stands with BONNIE and CLYDE, arms around them both, hugg them to his sides tightly. Montage.  BONNIE and sister.  BONNIE's sister hands them scrapbook of clippings.
36) 62) text: Oh, Horsey! keep your tail up, keep yer tail up, keep yer tail up, Oh, Horsey! keep yer tail up, Why don't you make it rise. Montage--C.W.  A hand off camera thrusts a sandwich at C. He opens the bread to see what's inside it, then eats it. Montage--BONNIE &amp; SISTER.  BONNIE sits stock-still wh sister gives her a permanent in the back seat of a car. sister pauses, setting down the curling iron.  She stroke BONNIE's yellow head with her hand, as though she were a wild animal that had paused long enough to be petted. BONNIE turns to see her sister's expression.  They embrac Montage--Family picnic--Favoring CLYDE, MOTHER &amp; BONN CLYDE, in his best theatrical manner has been playing hos in the sand pile, perhaps using some sort of towel across the arm or around the middle.  The party is beginning to break up now as used paper plates and crumpled napkins ar blowing across the sand and the group is finishing up on Eskimo pie.
36) 65) dialog: (right back)
36) 71) text: C'mere, c'mere you little corn roller. Wide angle.  As Uncle sweeps up the laughing little Tom. Reaction--BONNIE.  BONNIE turns with increased urgency to her MOTHER, who, having been hefted to her feet by BONNIE sister, has turned to CLYDE, who gives her a big, boyish
36) 75) dialog: (ignoring Bonnie, as does Mother, ebulliently, even joshing)
36) 77) dialog: --and they can't do that.  Why, I'm even better at runnin' than robbin' banks--aw shoot, if we done half the stuff they said we did, we'd be millionaires, wouldn't we, old sugar.
36) 80) dialog: (he turns to Bonnie who continues to stare at her Mother)
36) 83) dialog: We'll be quittin' this just as soon as the hard times is over, Mother Parker, I can tell you that.  Why me and Bonnie were just talkin' the other day and we talked about when we'd settle down and get us a home, and Bonnie said, "I couldn't bear to live morn'n three miles from my precious mother." Now how'd you like that, Mother Parker? BONNIE's MOTHER has undergone a funny sort of transformat during CLYDE's speech--as if something had suddenly come into focus before the old woman's eyes.
36) 85) text: You try to live three miles from me and you won't live long, honey. (to Clyde)
36) 86) text: You'd best keep runnin' and you know it, Clyde Barrow. (matter of fact)
37) 0) text: Hold on the outside long enough to see the unusual structures: two little motel cabins connected by two identical garages, an entirely symmetrical structure. INT. PLATTE CITY MOTEL BEDROOM.  WITH BONNIE.  DAY. --as she tries, against heavy odds, to file and trim her nails in a corner of the room.  The odds are; CLYDE on a uke, b.g., BUCK, and BLANCHE--gathered around C.W. who si in the only stuffed chair in the room.  Their o.s. raucousness is clearly shattering to BONNIE who, at a key moment in the scene, ends up spearing her cuticle with a file, spurting a little board and a lot of temper. Other angle.  CLYDE--BUCK--BLANCHE--C.W.  Day.  A naked lightbulb (the lampshade has been removed) glares down on C.W.'s chest--where a pair of bluebirds have been tattooe with a rocco flourish.  BUCK and BLANCHE are vastly amuse rather BLANCHE takes delight in BUCK's delight.
37) 14) dialog: (sees something coming)
37) 17) text: What's bothering her, Clyde?
37) 20) dialog: (straightening up, matter-of-fact)
37) 28) text: I'll go. CLYDE makes a face to BONNIE pretending there's something going on between C.W. and BLANCHE.  BONNIE tries to keep from being amused.  C.W. moves out with BLANCHE.  BUCK ri to go next door.
37) 30) dialog: Just five chicken dinners, and get somethin' for dessert.
37) 32) text: All finally exit, leaving BONNIE and CLYDE alone. EXT. CAR AND STREET.  DUSK. C.W. and BLANCHE go out.  We go with them.  They get in t car and drive off.  BUCK enters his cabin. INT. MOTEL BEDROOM.  BONNIE AND CLYDE.  DUSK. CLYDE reaches her, and for a moment both stare with fanat intensity at each other, BONNIE trying desperately to kee straight face.  They are nose to nose, unblinking.  CLYDE gives her a big raspberry, waggling his fingers in his ea like a kid.  She laughs.
37) 34) dialog: I hate y'all, too.
37) 38) text: Oh, baby, I've got the blues so bad... CLYDE moves behind her, begins to massage her back.  Ther is something very delicate about the way he touches her; suggests CLYDE's sensitivity to her mood rather than any degree of physical intimacy.
37) 39) dialog: Bonnie?...is it your mama, what your mama said?
37) 42) text: ...so funny...I thought when we first went out, we were really goin' somewhere...but this is it-- we're just goin', huh? She has addressed this last directly to CLYDE, but there nothing rhetorical about it--it is a real question.  CLYD doesn't answer for a moment.  Then:
37) 43) dialog: Do you care about where we're goin'? BONNIE clearly finds this hard to say:
37) 45) dialog: (quite simply)
37) 46) text: Why I love you, sugar. It's the first time he's said it to her, and BONNIE is overwhelmed.  She wraps her arms around CLYDE's middle, a snuggles into him, like a child.  Neither we nor CLYDE ca see BONNIE's face now, and her voice is muffled by his ch
37) 49) dialog: --wherever.
39) 0) text: On C.W.'s moonlit chest and face, tattooed bluebirds heav and occasionally snoring in the night.  Behind him the ro is dimly lit by flickering candles that are placed out of sight on the floor.  The shapes in the room--the bed is gutted and only the box mattress remains--dresser, lamp shades, etc., are grotesque in the flickering light.  O.s sounds of BONNIE and CLYDE, BONNIE giggling and CLYDE whispering something we can't quite hear. Move across the room toward the gutted bed.  Move gigglin from the floor beneath the box mattress--for a moment it should appear as if something perversely sexual may be go on between BONNIE and CLYDE.
39) 6) text: C'mon! CLYDE's arm wielding a Tommy gun, clears the bed.  With t muzzle, CLYDE knocks the swivel mirror on the dresser overhead, bringing BONNIE and CLYDE into view. Closer angle mirror--BONNIE and CLYDE.  Night.  BONNIE li stiff as a statue on the white mattress, impeccably dress for her funeral.  Candelabras made of empty beer bottles at her head and feet.  BONNIE's hands and face are powder and painted a waxen white.  She wears a garish silk bow i her hair which it, for this occasion, curled like a littl girl's. CLYDE sits up, beer bottle in one hand, Tommy gun in the other, derby hat cocked--and just a little unsure of the whole thing.  He takes a swig--BONNIE stops him, trying terribly hard not to change her position.
39) 8) dialog: I've done enough! Angle on mirror--BONNIE and CLYDE.  Night.
39) 10) text: You have to lie down...it's the only way we can tell what we'll look kike together. She giggles again, more than a little gassed herself.  CL clamps a big cigar between his teeth and abruptly lies do beside her.  CLYDE is both amused and annoyed.
39) 11) dialog: (staring up at himself talking with cigar clenched between his teeth)
39) 16) dialog: What?
39) 19) dialog: Well what--
39) 22) dialog: OK, o.k.  If we're gonna do this, at least I can tie it myself.  Lie down before you fall down. INT. MOTEL BEDROOM--BONNIE AND CLYDE.  NIGHT. She does, with some play-acting, exaggerated obeisance to CLYDE's command--reaching up at the last moment like a zombie and snatching an artificial flower from BLANCHE's which still lies on the dresser.  CLYDE lies down now.  T look into the mirror again.
39) 23) dialog: (grudgingly)
39) 30) dialog: (playing along with her)
39) 33) dialog: Two for the show.
39) 38) text: The men are on the other side. EXT. PLATTE CITY MOTEL.  NIGHT. The four lawmen, among them the DEPUTY from the cafe, edg their way across the lawn, past the first garage, past th second.  Before they reach the door of BONNIE and CLYDE's cabin, the window smashes and there are blasts of gunfire One cop is hit and falls, the others run back to the cars for cover.  BONNIE and C.W. are at the window, firing steadily. CLYDE--running into the garage to get the car.  They must escape.  All they can do is escape, and all they have is that one car in the closed garage. Outside.  Two of the lawmen fall to the ground, shot.  As the remaining two run back for cover, we see a blinding light rolling up in a space between the six cars.  It is armored truck, with mounted guns and and spotlight, advan toward the cabin. Inside the armored truck.  Two men in the seat.  Sounds o gunshots coming from everywhere, piercing light.  From inside the truck, we suddenly see the windshield shattere from bullets fired by BONNIE and C.W.  The driver is hit, and he slumps over the wheel.  His body hits the horn, wh starts blasting and continues throughout the battle.  The other man, quickly, ducks under the dashboard for protect Inside the garage.  CLYDE standing by the car.  He holds Browning Automatic.  The garage door is shaking from the impact of bullets, shattering.  His gun already firing (automatic clip) before he gets there.  CLYDE in a crouch runs to the garage door, flings it up, and runs back insi the car.  Now the door is open and he can get the car out
39) 49) text: Please, please get us to a doctor! Tell Clyde to get us to a doctor. We'll die here.
39) 51) text: --here, hon'. BONNIE looks silently up to CLYDE.  CLYDE is looking dumb down at his mangled brother.
39) 53) text: Clyde, Clyde, please get us to a doctor. Though BLANCHE cannot see it, CLYDE has knelt down to the side of BUCK, taking BUCK's hand and with his other hand begun smoothing BUCK's hair back, away from the wound.
39) 59) text: Clyde?...Clyde?...
39) 60) dialog: Right here, boy.
39) 62) text: CLYDE has begun to cry a little, continues to smooth back BUCK's hair with ritualistic regularity. Wide angle.  Night.  Camera pulls away, way back to wide shot of the entire field, showing the group in the center the darkness, lit by the headlights. Match dissolve into early dawn, camera still on the wide shot.  The field is lighter, though the trees still loom blackly around it.  The two cars, one almost a shattered wreck, the other bright and shiny and new, are parked in center.  The sky is light, but the trees cast a dark shad on the field.  The gang is just sitting around.  BLANCHE weeping next to BUCK, C.W. sitting on the running board o car, staring.  BONNIE standing and smoking.  CLYDE still with BUCK. All is quiet. EXT. WOODS.  DAY. From the edge of the woods, a man in a white shirt emerge from behind a tree.  The camera swings abruptly to get hi He calls out to the gang.
40) 0) text: All of them inside.  CLYDE is at the wheel.
41) 0) text: Med. Long shot of the car moving.  The sound track goes t complete silence.  We see the car looking for an avenue o escape.  It veers towards a tree, a man steps out from behind the tree and fires, the car jerks and veers toward another tree, again a man steps out and fires and so on. The car performs its eccentric dance, all in utter silenc (no sound of the motor, nothing).  The film should have t feeling of slow motion, as the car swerves and loops alon the edge of the woods.  Not once do any of the Barrows fi back.  Another man steps out and aims. INT. CAR. Close-up.  CLYDE.  At the wheel-shot in the arm.  He grab his arm in pain, loses control of the wheel.
43) 0) text: Sound partly up again, but never at its realistic volume. From inside the smashed car, we peer out the window acros the field and see the other car.  The thought strikes the audience at the same time it strikes the gang--they must to that car. Med. shot of the second car, sitting in the field, shinin in the sun.  The lawmen also realize what must be done--c off this escape.  Though BONNIE, CLYDE and the others are heading toward it, they suddenly train all their fire on car rather than the gang. The car fills the frame of the screen.  Bullets begin to it.  It starts to quiver under the impact.  For the next minute, we see the car die in front of our eyes.  We see beautiful machine fall to pieces--windows smash, tires to apart, body riddled.  The death of the car is as painful watch as the willful death of a human being.  The executi is paced deliberately to show the ritualistic tempo of th destruction. EXT. WOODS. The camera pulls back, way back and slightly above everyt to reveal the entire field.  On the left of the screen, BONNIE, CLYDE and C.W. are scrambling toward the edge of woods.  In the center BUCK and BLANCHE have taken cover behind a fallen log.  In the foreground, police begin to emerge from the woods.  The camera zooms rapidly in with them toward BUCK.  BLANCHE is screaming.
44) 0) text: They have reached the edge of the woods.  Camera tracks w them as they run.  From all around come the sounds of the posse.  The three get in through the pines and come final to a deep stream.  They jump in and start across, running awkwardly in chest-deep water.  They are half way across when the police appear on the bank behind them, shooting. Close-up.  BONNIE.  Day--as she is struggling through the water.  A bullet hits her in the shoulder.  We must see t bullet clearly, we must see it go in her flesh so that we can feel it. Tight close-up of BONNIE's face as she screams.  It is th first time she has been hurt, and the scream is pure anim pain.  She cries out. EXT. STREAM AND CORNFIELD.  DAY. CLYDE, who has almost reached the other side, comes back gets her.  He drags her out of the water and into a cornf that starts growing on the opposite bank, C.W. helping. half-carries half-runs with her into the cornfield, as th field gets deeper and thicker. They stop for a second.
44) 1) dialog: (panting, to Bonnie)
44) 12) text: I can't die without Clyde.  I just can't. C.W. looks at her as if she's gone crazy.  After another moment the corn begins to tremble, and we hear the o.s. sound of an approaching car. With C.W. Day--tentatively lifting his head up to clear t corn stalks.  With him we see the car looming larger, bearing down on us, splitting the corn stalks.  The car finally comes to a stop a few feet in front of C.W.  BONN is on her feet, and CLYDE tumbles out of the car, practic before it's stopped, sweeping BONNIE into him.  For a mom both are in their knees a few feet from the running board the car, simply holding onto each other and not moving.
45) 0) text: They have gotten away, but are still escaping.  C.W. is driving.  He is bare-chested.  CLYDE is beside him in fro his arm bleeding.  He falls in and out of consciousness. BONNIE is stretched out in back.
45) 2) dialog: Head out, C.W.
46) 6) text: It's Bonnie Parker and Clyde Barrow.
47) 39) text: A coil of rope snaps into and through the paper, splittin it and revealing C.W.'s startled face.  CLYDE strides the porch angrily, snapping the rope. BONNIE and MALCOLM are seated along with C.W.  Through BONNIE has her arm supported by a sling and CLYDE has his shoulder bandagedm it is evident by CLYDE's heady indigna and BONNIE's attentiveness that both are well on the way recovery.
47) 40) dialog: (still snapping rope)
47) 43) dialog: Why, while we were all lyin' around here, near dead, they had us holdin' up the Grand Prairie National Bank!  They hung that one on us just for luck, I guess. CLYDE shakes his head, still thinking this over.  Abruptl to BONNIE, with deadly seriousness:
47) 44) dialog: Tell you what.  Soon's we get well, we're gonna take that bank! He breaks into a wicked grin, but then reels, catching himself on the porch railing.  He's obviously dizzy from exertion and anger.  BONNIE starts--then sees CLYDE is in control.
47) 45) dialog: (remarking on his own dizziness)
47) 52) dialog: (to C.W.)
47) 60) dialog: (back in good mood, expansive)
47) 68) text: Yeah...okay, Clarence... (to Clyde)
47) 69) text: You're welcome here, now you know that. INT. MOSS HOUSE. They go into the house.  Camera goes with them.  As soon they are out of earshot from BONNIE and CLYDE, MALCOLM tu on C.W. displaying an entirely different demeanor from th one he presented outside.
47) 97) text: And we run off, God, I was scared. And then it was run all the time, and I wanted to go, I begged to go, but Clyde and Bonnie and C.W.--
48) 0) text: It is pouring rain, middle of the afternoon, BONNIE and CLYDE are inside the car, sitting.  They have lived so mu in cars that they tend to still spend much of their time it rather than in a room.  There they are themselves. INT. CAR. BONNIE is in the back seat, her legs wrapped in a plaid blanket, writing poetry.  She looks like Elizabeth Barret Browning.  With one essential difference--her arm is in a sling and she is wearing bandages on the shoulder.  CLYDE in the front seat, reading a newspaper.  He is also parti bandaged.  On the dashboard is a box of ginger-snaps whic he eats while he reads.  They look domestic.
48) 1) dialog: Want a ginger-snap, Bonnie?
48) 5) text: But thanks anyway, Clyde. (she takes it all in, her situation, and looks content and cozy)
48) 7) dialog: (more interested in his paper)
48) 11) dialog: (studying the picture)
48) 12) text: You sure don't resemble that no more. Close-up BONNIE.  She doesn't.  She has become totally fragile, the essence of herself.  She is writing on a pad CLYDE and BONNIE.
48) 13) dialog: What you writin' this time?
48) 16) dialog: (this appeals to his ego)
48) 23) text: "The Story of Bonnie and Clyde" You've heard the story of Jesse James-- Of how he lived and died: If you're still in need Of something to read Here's the story of Bonnie and Clyde. Now Bonnie and Clyde are the Barrow Gang I'm sure you all have read How they rob and steal And those who squeal Are usually found dying or dead. They call them cold-hearted killers; They say they are heartless and mean; But I say this with pride, That I once knew Clyde When he was honest and upright and clean. But the laws fooled around, Kept taking him down And locking him in a cell, Till he said to me, "I'll never be free So I'll meet a few of them in hell." The road was so dimly lighted; There were no highway signs to guide; But they made up their minds If all roads were blind, They wouldn't give up till they died.
49) 5) dialog: (in gleeful wonder)
49) 7) dialog: (continuing)
49) 9) dialog: (continuing; it is all starting to come out now--his realization that he has made it, that he is the stuff of legend, that he is an important figure)
49) 11) text: Right in the paper! Close-up BONNIE.  Now laughing too, with a great feeling joy. Two shot.  BONNIE and CLYDE.
49) 12) dialog: Jesse James!  You hear 'bout old Jesse, now you goin' to hear 'bout Clyde! He puffs up with air and explodes like a steam valve.
49) 13) dialog: (continuing)
49) 16) dialog: (continuing)
49) 17) text: Damn, Bonnie!  You musta been one hell of a waitress! Close-up.  BONNIE--laughing, her eyes filled with tears. CLYDE's hand wipes them away. Two shot.
49) 18) dialog: (shaking his head back and forth like a puppy, just so much glee in him that he can't hold it)
49) 19) text: Oooooh, that Clyde!  That's my boy, that Clyde! He looks at her with love and delight, hugs her tightly.
49) 20) dialog: Bonnie... (she hugs him back)
49) 21) text: The Poem of Bonnie and Clyde!
49) 24) dialog: The Story of Bonnie and Clyde!  Oh, child, you really did tell that story! He pulls her to him, his face inches away from hers, abou to kiss her.  She is waiting, expecting... Suddenly, he l out one wild laugh almost into her mouth. He kisses her.  She kisses back.  They are chuckling, giggling.  They grow more ardent; they pull back and laug again.  They begin to make love. EXT. ARCADIA STREET.  ICE CREAM PARLOR.  DAY. Bright afternoon.  Camera across the street from an ice cream parlor.  Sign about it: "EVA'S HAND-PACKED ICE CREA A large plate glass window fronts the store, and through we can see the people inside seated at tables and booths. Prominent in our vision is MALCOLM MOSS, seated, facing camera.  He is seated across from another man, but we see him from the back.
49) 27) dialog: (chuckling, apparently quite pleased)
49) 28) text: Damn!...damn...damn! He casts a sidelong glance to BONNIE, wanting some sort o overt reaction from her.  She's just smiling slightly. CLYDE's underlying anxiety begins to surface.
49) 29) dialog: (not looking at her)
49) 33) dialog: I mean you feel like you're s'posed to feel after you've uh...
49) 36) dialog: (doesn't know what the fuck to say, desperately wants her approval)
49) 39) text: Hey.  You done just perfect. CLYDE looks at her for the first time, tremendously relie He can see she means it.  Now his buoyancy, utterly, unchained breaks through:
49) 40) dialog: I did, didn't I?  I mean I did, I really did.  I did it, I did, I mean this was my first time and it was just like rollin' off a log when it comes right down to it, it was easy, I mean I didn't even have to try... Lovingly, laughing, altogether overwhelmed with himself, CLYDE pulls BONNIE into him.  He kisses her, wants to mak love again, but then pulls back and keeps chattering at sixty miles a minute.  He's waited twenty-three years to talk about this, and he's got the perfect audience.
50) 7) text: Bonnie and Clyde!... (he slaps the carton out of C.W.'s hands; whispering again)
50) 8) text: Bonnie and Clyde.
50) 16) text: Well, what should I tell 'em? "I can't get back in the car with you?" MALCOLM is ready to kill--his son's obtuseness and his fe of CLYDE is whipping him into a quiet frenzy.
50) 27) text: Whew!... You think them laws are gonna catch Bonnie and Clyde in town? C.W. returns to the ice cream carton--MALCOLM lets him, figuring he better find out what he can.
50) 34) text: Nobody catches Clyde.  Clyde's got a sense, don't you know that, Daddy? Nobody catches Clyde. MALCOLM knows better, but for just a moment he stares at son, fearing that maybe C.W., for all his limitations, ha sense about CLYDE's sense.  C.W. has finished with the carton and crumples it, licking the last remnants of crea off his fingers. INT. BEDROOM.  MOSS FARM.  NIGHT. BONNIE and CLYDE's bedroom, the middle of that night.  Bo are wide awake, lying on opposite sides of the double bed Both are staring into the night, disquiet.
50) 36) dialog: (suddenly)
50) 39) dialog: (with a chuckle)
50) 43) text: She flings herself violently across the bed and buries herself into CLYDE's chest, her knees drawn up, her head tucked down into him, her body shaking with sobs.
50) 44) dialog: (a bit startled by this, attempting to hold her, awkwardly, and placate her.  He puts his arm around her)
50) 47) text: Clyde, why do you want to marry me?
50) 49) dialog: (in an attempt to be humorous)
50) 52) text: Clyde...what would you do, what would you do it some miracle happened and we could walk out tomorrow morning and start all over again, clean, with no record, with nobody after us? CLYDE thinks about it a minute.
50) 53) dialog: Well...I guess I'd do it all different.  First off, I wouldn't live in the same state where we pull our jobs.  We'd live in one state and stay clean there, and when we wanted to take a bank, we'd go to another state...and... Suddenly he realizes that he has said the worst thing he could have, that it was not the answer BONNIE wanted to h He looks down at her, his voice anxious.
50) 54) dialog: (continuing)
50) 56) dialog: Hey, Bonnie? But she does not answer. EXT. ROADSIDE.  EARLY MORNING. We see MALCOLM jacking up the back wheel of his pickup tr which is parked on the side of the road in a wooded area.
51) 1) dialog: (looking around)
51) 4) dialog: Boy, my feet are sweatin'. He takes off his shoes.
51) 7) dialog: Sure, why not? He reaches in his shirt pocket and takes out his sunglass As he goes to put them on, one of the lenses falls out.
51) 8) dialog: Damn! He puts them on.
51) 11) dialog: Sure, drive with one eye shut. BONNIE gets in the car, rummages around in one of the bag and pulls out something wrapped in tissue paper.  She unwraps it and puts it up on the dashboard, displaying it It is a little porcelain shepherdess holding a crook in h hand, worth about thirty cents.
51) 15) dialog: It is a pretty thing, honey. CLYDE turns on the radio and gets some hillbilly music. They are singing "Little Church in the Valley."  He beats time on the steering wheel, getting a little impatient. BONNIE puts her shepherdess away and begins looking in th grocery sack.
51) 17) dialog: (he stops drumming his fingers, suddenly has an idea)
51) 20) dialog: Tomorrow's Sunday, ain't it?  We could drive all night and be on that golf course tomorrow morning!
51) 22) dialog: (enthused)
51) 29) dialog: (getting worried)
51) 32) dialog: (more urgently)
51) 33) text: Go take a look, see what's keepin' him. Not too delighted with the chore, BONNIE goes off.  We remain with CLYDE, getting anxious.  The music plays on. BONNIE comes back, hurriedly, now anxious herself.
51) 35) dialog: C'mon, let's go. BONNIE gets in.  They drive off. INT. STORE.  CLOSE-UP C.W.  DAY. --hiding inside a store, peering out through a curtained window at them driving away.  His expression is disturbed his face half in shadow. EXT. ROAD.  DAY. BONNIE and CLYDE's car coming down the road.  Camera sees from CLYDE's P.O.V.  MALCOLM standing in the road, waving him down.  The pickup truck, its back jacked up, is parke beside him on a shoulder of the road. INT. CAR.  DAY.
51) 37) dialog: I don't know.
52) 0) text: CLYDE reaches the spot, pulls off the road and stops the He gets out.  Camera pulls back.  CLYDE talks to the old man, BONNIE stays in the car.  Cut to a shut down the tre of the law, tense. Suddenly, a truck loaded with chickens comes riding down road from the opposite direction.  HAMER sees it from a l way away and realizes that he cannot afford to let anythi pass between him and his quarry.  He decides the time is He leaps up from the trench and yells at CLYDE.