32) 8) dialog: I'll tear 'em apart!  Those punks! Steal a man's car right out from under him!  Wait till I get my hands on those kids, Velma, I'll show 'em! They continue driving, furious, the man cursing and mutte We see through their windshield the other car way in the distance.
32) 10) dialog: (realizing the possibility, he suddenly stops being mad and turns chicken)
32) 14) dialog: Turn around and let's get back to town.  We'll go get the sheriff. They are by now on a narrow dirt road and the WOMAN has t execute a U-turn.  It takes her about seven cuts to turn car around in the narrow space.  They start back to town.
34) 2) dialog: (in a panic)
35) 3) text: Get in here. INT. OTHER CAR.  DAY. They get in and the gang gets in.  Seven people are now jammed inside.  CLYDE drives, BONNIE next to him, C.W. ne to her.  In back, BLANCHE, then EUGENE with VELMA (of necessity) sitting on his lap, and then BUCK.  As will be seen, the reason the Barrows have kidnapped the couple is simply that they wanted company.  Living as they do, seei only each other day after day, they long for diversion an new faces.  So the atmosphere in the car will shortly cha to one of friendliness and jollity, and it will get progressively more so in the series of cuts which advance the time.  As the car starts up at the beginning, however the MAN and WOMAN are terrified.
35) 5) dialog: (hesitantly)
35) 6) text: I'm Eugene Grizzard.
35) 10) text: Well, howdy!  We're the Barrow gang. That there is Clyde drivin' and I'm Buck. The MAN and WOMAN almost faint from fear; clutch at each other.  The gang all laugh at this.  VELMA and EUGENE beg to realize that they are not going to get hurt and that t Barrows are friendly to them.
35) 12) dialog: (agreeing over-enthusiastically)
35) 15) dialog: Yes.
35) 17) dialog: (meaningfully)
35) 20) text: Well, you two must be in love, I bet. EUGENE and VELMA blush, get shy for a second.  BONNIE smi
36) 9) dialog: (studying his hamburger)
36) 12) dialog: That's okay, forget it. CLYDE laughs at this.
36) 17) dialog: (laughing)
36) 23) dialog: Lordy!  They'd throw a fit! (roars with laughter)
36) 26) dialog: (as his laugh begins to fade)