32) 9) dialog: What if they have guns, Eugene?
32) 12) dialog: Right.
34) 0) text: VELMA looks in the rear view mirror and sees that now she being chased.
34) 1) dialog: Oh, my Lord, they're comin' after us.
34) 3) text: Step on it, Velma, step on it! Close-up.  Accelerator.  VELMA jams it down to the floor. The car speeds. EXT. ROAD.  THE CHASE.  DAY. BONNIE and CLYDE's car gaining on them, gaining on them, gaining on them and finally overtaking them, coming up an ahead, forcing them to the side of the road. Med. shot.  The MAN and WOMAN's car.  Terrified, they rol up their windows, lock their doors and huddle together.
35) 3) text: Get in here. INT. OTHER CAR.  DAY. They get in and the gang gets in.  Seven people are now jammed inside.  CLYDE drives, BONNIE next to him, C.W. ne to her.  In back, BLANCHE, then EUGENE with VELMA (of necessity) sitting on his lap, and then BUCK.  As will be seen, the reason the Barrows have kidnapped the couple is simply that they wanted company.  Living as they do, seei only each other day after day, they long for diversion an new faces.  So the atmosphere in the car will shortly cha to one of friendliness and jollity, and it will get progressively more so in the series of cuts which advance the time.  As the car starts up at the beginning, however the MAN and WOMAN are terrified.
35) 7) dialog: I'm Velma Davis.
35) 10) text: Well, howdy!  We're the Barrow gang. That there is Clyde drivin' and I'm Buck. The MAN and WOMAN almost faint from fear; clutch at each other.  The gang all laugh at this.  VELMA and EUGENE beg to realize that they are not going to get hurt and that t Barrows are friendly to them.
35) 16) dialog: No. They glare at each other.
35) 18) text: Yes, Velma, we have too.
35) 20) text: Well, you two must be in love, I bet. EUGENE and VELMA blush, get shy for a second.  BONNIE smi
36) 3) dialog: Thirty-three. A sudden look of surprise registers on EUGENE's face. INT. OF CAR.  NIGHT. It is now night.  Everyone inside the car is eating. Apparently they stopped somewhere along the way for food. In the crowded interior, it is like a party--food is bein passed back and forth, laughter and gaiety, increasing warmth between the couple and the Barrows.  The car has become a little society on wheels, dashing through the bl night down the highway.  Inside there is a small world of happiness and fun. BUCK is unpacking the food and passing sandwiches and dri around the car.
36) 4) dialog: Now I ordered some French fries, didn't I?
36) 19) dialog: Yeah.  What would Martha and Bill say if they heard that? (she roars with laughter)
36) 22) dialog: 