0) 84) text: It is opened by MINERAL OYL, a short, obviously bouncy wo her late 50s,
1) 0) text: Around the oval-shaped dinner table sit Castor Oyl, his f COD LIVER, and their boarders, Popeye, Geezil, and J, WEL WIMPY, Wimpy is a portly, bland-seeming man, with sleapy and a sedentary manner, Min and Olive burst busily in and of the kitchen, serving. The talk around the table is noi fast, overlapping.
1) 51) dialog: . Take my chair,
4) 0) text: Min stands in the door Welcoming her guests as they arriv crowd, mostly middle~aged, is quickly made out: merchants wives, seamen and thelr wives, longshoremen and their wiv Stream in past Min, who takes their hats and coats, TALK overlapping.
4) 16) dialog: {At door, to Cod} He's coming! cob Who's coming?
6) 0) text: Bluto enters » @ giant of a man, ugly, hugs Min. bearded and barrel-chested,
9) 20) dialog: 
10) 0) text: Fopeye and Olive walk toward Olive's house, their entire informing us that they are victims of an unimaginable hap Ulive carries the baby.
16) 0) text: God and Min clutch each other, coD and MIN (Sing) Worry, Worry, worry, How do they recover their possessions? Where do they find the pay their taxes and keep their heads above water? Castor and fro, ina fit, kicking the bare walls, muttering inaud imprecations. Wimpy sidles up to him. Under their exchang and Min's DIRGE continues,
18) 197) text: They come up behind Wimpy, fuming.
19) 0) text: Popeye is in the act of moving. With Sweepea in one arm a duffal bag over his shoulder, he starts out the doorway. Wagon on the sidewalk carries his crunk, a erib, bassinet cGarriage,. Min stands in the doorway arguing to his back
27) 1) dialog: (S ing) Don't tell Popeye, don't tell Popeye, it would kill him if he found out. Passing neighbors look on with interest, and Cod and Min their song to them.
33) 3) dialog: Worry. Worry. Worry,
37) 25) text: coming out of ahatchway below deck, carrying a sack on Bi
39) 9) text: The inlet surges with water, streaming into the mouth of
45) 53) dialog: 
46) 56) dialog: (Sing) We are what we are and that's all we are. (Castor's singing is, of course, muffled by his bandages)