17) 16) dialog: "I know the kind of woman you are, Emily, getting older, never been pretty. You can't have a man so you want to be one." Dorothy stares at her incredulously, then laughs, surprising everyone with her interpretation, Jo looks up from the script bewildered, then back dawn.
23) 0) text: An alarm goes off showing 4:30 a.m. SERIES OF QUICK cuTS: A) Michael shaving, very clesely. 8) Michael shaving his legs, C) Michael shaving under his arms. He cuts himsel‘, winces, stuffs toilet Paper under his arm. D) He applies a thick Makeup base, false eyelashes, then long false fingernails. =) Michael, in jockey shorts, Makeup, eyelashes and fingernails in place, straps on a bra, back to front and moves out of the bathroom.
26) 7) dialog: Docter Schiff is Doctor Schifz, He's here to give you a physical.
26) 13) dialog: When you're finished, I'll take you to your dressing room. She exits. Schiff applies pen to form.
27) 0) text: Dorothy follows, as Jo points off towards a doorway. Jo You're in nine. Dorothy goes to the door, enters.
31) 0) text: Rita and Ron enter. John stands There is a buzz of conversation.
37) 0) text: Taping over. Jo hands out tomorrow's Pages. Dorothy takes hers, starts off the floor. She Suddenly freezes (CONTINUED)
47) 31) text: I can't move out, Miss Kimberly. I have nowhere to ga. I don't know what to do. Dorothy looks at the teleprompter. The teleprompter shows Dorothy's line; "Your hushand's problem is that he feels worthless without a job. You must try and understand that. Perhaps you should get some therapy."
68) 0) text: Dorothy jogging around the room in her high heels, holding Amy as she continues to cry. She jogs from the living room to the foyer toward the bedroom.
91) 0) text: A sign identifies it: "The Syracuse Playhouse." a hand-painted poster beneath it reads: MICHAEL DORSEY and SANDY FISCHER in “THE LOVE CANAL” written « directed by JEFF SLATER. EXT. BAR = UPSTATE NEW YORK - Day A sign outside says: “Injun Joe's." aA pickup truck pulls up and hee gets cut. He goes to the par.