11) 0) text: Michael striding down miles of carpeting, into George's office,
23) 0) text: An alarm goes off showing 4:30 a.m. SERIES OF QUICK cuTS: A) Michael shaving, very clesely. 8) Michael shaving his legs, C) Michael shaving under his arms. He cuts himsel‘, winces, stuffs toilet Paper under his arm. D) He applies a thick Makeup base, false eyelashes, then long false fingernails. =) Michael, in jockey shorts, Makeup, eyelashes and fingernails in place, straps on a bra, back to front and moves out of the bathroom.
25) 0) text: Dorothy Michaels emerges, puts her fingers in her mouth and whistles for a cab. The cab SCREECHES to a halt.
44) 0) text: Sitting at a table set for two, candles and all. She checks her watch unhappily,
47) 31) text: I can't move out, Miss Kimberly. I have nowhere to ga. I don't know what to do. Dorothy looks at the teleprompter. The teleprompter shows Dorothy's line; "Your hushand's problem is that he feels worthless without a job. You must try and understand that. Perhaps you should get some therapy."
48) 21) text: C BS. EXT. SUBURBAN SUPERMARKET MALL - cast ee m Ap , Osxothy, Julie, Van Horn, a Doctor and @ Nurse are - signing autographs. A warm sense of comraderie >etween Julie and Dorothy, as Les gets a cup of coffee and brings it to Dorothy. .
54) 0) text: A working farm. Les' pickup truck pulls up. As Les helps Julie and Andrew out, Dorothy goes to the rear and starts pulling out suitcases. Les hurries to her.
54) 1) dialog: Hey, let me get those. {they're very heavy) Strong little thing, aren't you?
55) 0) text: A girl's room, covered with wallpaper in a delicate pattern of rose-buds. White curtains, white canopy bed. High school banner, picture of a woman resembling Julie. Les puts down suitcases. (CONTINUED )
55) 5) dialog: I'll put Andy in the little room hext to mine, give him a chance to be near Gramps. Unpack -your stuff and we'll get goin" on the Easter eggs.
55) 7) dialog: Only got two spare rooms. And I know you girls. No matter how far apart I put you, you'll sneak back together and spend the night giggling.
56) 0) text: A) Les drives Dorothy around on the back of a tractor, pointing out the farm. 3) Les and Dorothy walking, she having trouble with her high heels. CAMERA TILTS UP to find Julie up a tree. She jumps down. C) Les showing Dorothy how to milk a cow, Andrew and Julie watching and laughing. D) Les and Julie, arms over shoulders, disappear around & corner. Andrew falls, gets up and runs to Dorothy. She is confused, doesn't quite know what to do, awkwardly picks him up, He puts his arms around her neck. She slowly puts her arms around him. E) Under a lovely tree, seated on a blanket, Les is stringing a kite for Andrew. Shouts turn their heads, as we PAN TO SZE; Julie and Dorothy seated bareback on a slow-moving old horse. They wave and shout te Les and Andrew, Dorothy's arm holds tightly to Julie's waist. C REVISED 5/25/82 a8. 99. loo. iol.
57) 1) dialog: I'll get up real early and hide these. You girls can get some sleep. (to Dorothy) How's your drink?
57) 3) dialog: (refilling his glass) Sneaks up on you. Three or four and you start fighting the dog for his bone. (topping her glass) I hope you're enjoying yourself.
57) 5) dialog: I'm not too used to guests up here. (he rises) Why don't you girls rustle up some dinner? I'll check Andrew.
57) 13) dialog: It's a wonderful thing for a lady to play a piano.
57) 16) dialog: Don't you tell that story!
57) 18) dialog: I don't hang out there ...
57) 21) dialog: Allright, that's enough laughing at your old man ... {to Dorothy) You know this one? (MORE) (CONTINUED )
57) 24) dialog: "Long before the fashion came, And there is something there that sounds so square, It's a grand old n-a-a-m-e," Dorothy finishes with a rolling chord.
57) 25) dialog: That was Julie's mother's name. Mary Juliet Cooper.
57) 29) dialog: {stoking fire) Nice girl, isn't she?
57) 31) dialog: You know, I'm kinda glad ol! Ron didn't come up. (CONTINUED)
57) 35) dialog: I knew it's old fashioned, but I don't like the idea of a man sleeping in the same room with my daughter in my own house when they're not even married.
57) 37) dialog: Really? Hom ... I thought you'd be more like, you know, one of those liberators.
57) 39) dialog: Don't get me wrong, I'm all for this equal business. I think women ought to be entitled to have everything and all, et cetera. Except sometimes I think what they want is to be entitled to be men.
57) 41) dialog: Can I get you another drink?
57) 43) dialog: Tonight?
57) 45) dialog: i can remember years ago there was none of this talk about what (HORE) (CONTINUED)
57) 49) text: LES (contd) @ woman was, what a man was. You just were what you were. New there's all these experiments to find out how much you should be like the sex you're not so we can all be more the same, and I'm sorry, but we're just not, you know? Nothing on this earth is. Not on a farm, that's for sure. You just take a walk around here and you'll see. Bucks are bucks and roosters don't try to Lay eggs. I mean, I look at you and, hell, you could put on a suit and call yourself Harold and I'd still know you were a female. “Maybe it comes from being close to the natural order of things, but an old rooster like me can always recognize who the hens are. You know what I mean? $ hand gently over hers. She glances down.
57) 51) dialog: Deesn't it all really boil down to just how you are as a person? Not what kind of man, or what kind of woman. Just what kind of person?
57) 53) dialog: My wife and I were married 18 years. Pecple got it all wrong, you know, They say the most important thing is your health. tocan lift this house off the ground, but what does it mean? Being with someone, sharing, that's what it's all about, (beat) Julie tells me you're not married,
57) 62) dialog: Sure you won't have another drink ?.
57) 64) dialog: {amiling) Say ... thanks for staying up and talking.
59) 49) text: = LES ar Ron is on the Phone, sweetheart.
59) 51) text: - - -~ JULIE (standing & heading away) _ Come on, Mama's little blue-eyed girl... Les climbs onto swing, starts to put sweater on Dorothy's C shoulders. (CONTINUED )
59) 56) text: Les, sitting next to Dorothy, leans back. ae : ‘__"_ DOROTEY (looking te sky) Oe Ok! That looks like the little dipper coming out.
59) 57) dialog: That's the big dipper coming out. . a " Dororay 7 _ oe * Yes, so it is. I get them mixed up.
59) 59) dialog: The big dipper has a long handle. Dorothy continues to stare up at the stars. : . a
67) 0) text: Sitting on floor, encirled by all of Amy's toys, Dorothy jiggles toys at her, makes "happv” faces. Amy continues to cry.
69) 0) text: Dorothy feeding Amy applesauce (they are both covered with it). Amy still cries. Dorothy is hit by food that Amy throws hack.
72) 41) dialog: Oh -= this dance! It's my favorite! Come on! Les pulls a protesting Dorothy to her feet, and leads her onto the dance floor. They begin to dance. Dorothy is confused as Les executes a Gazzling bit of feotwork.
72) 43) dialog: My wife and I took a course.
72) 50) dialog: No, Iam. I forget vou're on your feet all day. Let's go sit down, They head tcward their seats, Dorothy ahead of hes.
72) 52) dialog: Iwas sure happy you could come out tonight. I know you usually have a lot of lines to‘learn.
72) 54) dialog: There's something I want to say, too. Wouldn't it be funny if we both wanted to Say the same thing?
72) 56) dialog: Mine's pretty simple, I'm not goed with words... (a beat) i’m not quite sure how to start... You ever buy a real geod pair of boots?
72) 61) dialog: Work boots. If you get the right pair, and after you work them in real good, they feel just as much a part of you as your own feet, if you know what I mean. It's a lot like with people, boots ... You knew, how comfortable they make you feel, how they hold up to wear and tear over the years. . . (stops, embarrassed) . I don't know why I'm going on about shoes and feet. (a beat) I only took two pictures in my whole life. My high school graduation and my wedding. My wife was standing next to me in both of them. I never thought I'd want anykedy to fill her place. I never thought there could be another woman gave me the same feeling. That all changed last weekend.
72) 63) dialog: (quickly) Don't say anything now! I know it's fast ... so take some time to get used to it. And if the answer's "no" -— well, at least, I'll feel you took me seriously enough to think it over. (CONTINUED)
72) 67) dialog: Well, if you're not the god~ darndest, most feminine little thing I've met in my whole life. Come on, I'll take you home.
78) 0) text: He sits at a desk carefully correcting his Play. At the sound of Sandy's scream his Pencil breaks. INT. LIVING Room Michael racing around closing the windows as Sandy continues to scream on what seems Like one endless breath.
92) 0) text: A few patrons, mostly rural, some farmers watch the foot+ ball game on TV. Les enters, takes his usual Place at the bar. CAMERA PANS to see Michael rise from a table and move to the stool next to Les. Les turns to him. They stare at one another a beat, then Les turns back to the TV. Michael reaches into his pocket and puts the ring box on the bar; pushes it toward Les, who does not take his eyes off the Tv.
92) 1) dialog: (sotto) Get that off the bar, or I'l1 break your hand.
92) 3) dialog: (side of mouth) Outside. Give it to me outside. Michael puts the box away. A beat, then Les turns to him.
92) 4) dialog: Why'd you do it? (CONTINUED)
92) 7) dialog: (ironically) Hope you enjoyed the chocolates.
92) 9) dialog: So did I. I thought. Quiet again. Until:
92) 10) dialog: You like ‘em?
92) 12) dialog: Girls.
92) 15) dialog: (grudgingly) Truth is, you were okay company,
92) 17) dialog: I could have done without the dancing. Michael smiles
92) 18) dialog: - I'm seeing a real Rice woman now. (CONTINUED )
92) 23) dialog: If you got six bits. MICHAEL (to bartender) ’ A couple of beers! (to Les, after a beat) Does Julie ever mention me?
92) 24) dialog: De you wanna play some pool?