3) 0) text: The door to the conductor's cab is open as Bud continues lean out the window. Directly, behind him is MATSON, an older Conductor of retirement age who is busy instructing the younger man.
3) 2) dialog: I'm checking the passengers getting on and off -- front and back -- okay, it's all clear -- I'm shut- ting the doors; -.rear section
3) 5) dialog: Now I 'm checking the indicator box to make sure that the doors are all locked -- okay. The train starts with a jerk.
3) 6) dialog: Igo back out the window --
3) 14) text: How come you wanna be a conductor, anyway? Don't you know the con- ductor's sittin' in the goddam hotseat? BUD
3) 16) text: You're visible, for God's sake! Anything goes wrong -- anyone's got a gripe -- you're the one they see. Hell, in my twen'y-nine years o' stickin' my head out there I been slugged, spit on, hit by purses, fruit, rolled-up newspapers, baseball mitts -- an'.I been god- dam lucky! I never been puked on by a drunk like Charlie Boltzen was on the Parkchester line -- or stabbed in the neck like I heard one fella was on the Astoria BMT -- BUD (QUIETLY)
3) 18) text: You take my advice, kid -- serve your six months an' then put in for Motorman. Watch it, we're cumin' in. Bud looks quickly off, sees the approaching station and hits his transmitter button. BUD (ANNOUNCING) FIFTY-NINTH STREET MATSON
3) 19) text: No it ain't BUD (CORRECTING)
3) 23) text: Bud sticks his head out the window, remembers what Matson told him and pulls it partially back in.
6) 0) text: Bud is removing his key and activating his mike. BUD (ANNOUNCING)
6) 7) text: Honest to God. BUD
6) 10) text: Here's where I'm gettin' off -- think you can get to Brooklyn Bridge all by yourself? BUD (GRINNING)
6) 12) text: Stick with it, kid -- you're doin' great. See ya t'morrow. He crosses to the nearest door as the train decelerates. Bud activates. his mike and announces, waving to Matson as he does. BUD
7) 0) text: Still sitting, still facing the motorman's cab. The two boys continue to play at the front window. The doors can be heard slamming shut and the train jerks into motion. BUD'S VOICE (AMPLIFIED)
9) 0) text: BUD'S VOICE (AMPLIFIED)
10) 7) dialog: as he hangs out his window of the fifth car, looking down track, trying to see Doyle. TRAIN &amp; PLATFORM - BUD'S POV Blue's Lack, by the head car, blocking any sight of the Motorman.
10) 8) dialog: Confused for a moment -- then: BROWN'S VOICE
10) 9) text: Turn around -- I 've got some- thing to show you. Bud turns back, inside the car, then looks down.
10) 15) text: Come in and turn around -- slow. Brown, florist's box and all, has moved into the small cubicle. When Bud pulls his head in from outside they are very close.    
11) 0) text: Brown's gun is still pressed into Bud's side. BROWN
11) 1) text: Go back out the window and tell me what you see. Bud nods, licks his.dry lips and leans out, looking to th left, downtrack.
13) 0) text: Brown still holding his gun on Bud. BROWN
13) 1) text: Okay -- announce the next station. Bud presses the transmitter button. I BUD (ANNOUNCING)
13) 3) text: His voice croaks then fails -- he can't finish. Brown prods him with his gun. Bud clears his throat, then tries again. I BUD (ANNOUNCING)
21) 0) text: Brown slides open the door for Green, then slides it shut again. They speak in low tones. GREEN (TO BUD)
21) 2) text: (as Bud hesitates) You got three seconds to live, conductor -- one -- two -- Bud whips the key from his pocket and hands it to Green, who unlocks the cab door they're standing next to and enters, closing the door after him. BUD
31) 0) text: Brown and Bud are waiting as Green steps out. Bud stares at him. GREEN
31) 1) text: What's wrong with you? BUD
32) 0) text: as Green comes out onto the threshold plate, crouches low to ease the impact, then jumps down onto the concrete roadbed. Bud is next and Green helps him down. Then Brown. They walk quickly through'the tunnel to the first car. Grey has opened the storm door for them and steps out onto the plate to help them up.    
45) 0) text: as Blue surveys.the scene. The rear section is empty. The Sixteen remaining Passengers and Bud are sitting quietly. Brown and Grey stand mid-car, guarding from that side. Now Blue joins Green at the front end. BLUE
110) 5) dialog: The conductor as he looks up and touches his. chest with finger. BUD
110) 7) text: That's right, conductor. Would you come along with me, please? BUD
110) 9) text: There's something you can help us with. Bud still hesitates. BLUE
110) 11) text: He leads Bud by the arm back to the rear of the car, ever Passen gar's eye on the conductor as he passes, his free hand moving from overhead strap to strap. BLUE
110) 12) text: All you have to do is walk uptrack about a hundred feet and wait for the men delivering the money. They have reached the rear where Bud manages to avoid loo at Brown while Blue slides open the door. BLUE
110) 13) text: I'll help you down onto the track. BUD
110) 17) text: Now please go. Bud looks at him, then accepts Blue's offer of help as he starts to swing down onto the roadbed. INT. TUNNEL - MISKOWSKY &amp; O ' REEFE Still face down behind the canvas sack. Now O'Keefe raise his head. 0 'KEEFE
110) 21) dialog: as he staggers, reaches upward, then crumples as he passe CAMERA, falling forward, CAMERA following him down. One of his outstretched hands comes to res: near a pillar and a black shoe. CAMERA then PANS UP to James' terrified fac
113) 3) text: picks out Bud's dead body on the track -- and then Caz Dolowitz. MISKOWSKY