13) 1) dialog: Everybody! Annie has an announcement --
13) 3) text: And the family's at the diner table.  Annie's family is  a completely normally-looking WASP family -- only  everyone is a little eccentric.  Annie's mother BARBARA,  a beautiful gray-haired, fantastically cheerful woman,  claps her hands together.  Her father CLIFF, who's at  the head of the table next to her, gives Annie a kiss.   Annie's brother TOM and his wife BETSY are at the table,  along with cousin IRENE and her husband HAROLD.  UNCLE  MILTON, who's Irene's father and Barbara's brother.   There are about FIVE CHILDREN there, too.
13) 13) dialog: We'll move them --
13) 24) dialog: Oh, honey, I feel terrible, we  used up this magnum of  champagne we were saving on  something else, what did we use  it for?
13) 26) dialog: Right.
13) 28) dialog: It was, wasn't it, Milton  darling --
13) 33) dialog: We'll spray you.
13) 43) dialog: I have something that might do  --
16) 0) text: The sound of Christmas carols from below. The attic is full of boxes and Annie walks through with  her mother.  They come to a dressmakers dummy with a  sheet over it.  Barbara removes the sheet.  A beautiful  antique dress.  A veil sitting on top of the dummy.
16) 1) dialog: The Historical Society wanted  this and I never would give it  to them --
16) 3) dialog: I notice these things are back  in fashion.  Oh, honey. (tears are rolling down  her face as she tries  the veil on Annie) He's a lovely man, Annie.
16) 5) dialog: Are his folks nice?
16) 7) dialog: How did it happen?
16) 8) text: Barbara starts to unbutton the tiny buttons on the back  of the dress and remove it from the dummy.
16) 10) dialog: (utterly without irony) How amazing.
16) 12) dialog: Destiny takes a hand.
16) 14) dialog: Then how do you explain that  you both ordered exactly the  same sandwich except for the  bread? How many people in this  world like lettuce and tomato  without something else like  tuna?
16) 16) text: Barbara shrugs, slips the dress off the dummy and Annie  steps into it. Barbra starts to button the dress on Annie.
16) 17) dialog: I was in Atlantic City with my  family.  Cliff was a waiter.   He talked me into sneaking out  for a midnight walk on the  Steel Pier.  I've probably told  you this a million times, but  I don't care.  And then he held  my hand.  I was scared.  All  sorts of thing were going  through my head.  But after a  while I forgot about them.  At  one point I looked down, at our  hands, and I couldn't tell  which fingers were mine and  which were his.  And I knew.
16) 19) dialog: You know.
16) 21) dialog: Magic.  It was magic.
16) 23) dialog: I knew we would be together  forever, and that everything  would be wonderful, just the  way you feel about Walter.   Walter.  It's quite a formal  name, isn't it? (lowering her voice) One of the things I truly knew  was that your father and I were  going to have a wonderful time ... in the sack I believe you  call it --
16) 25) dialog: Of course it took several years  before everything worked like  clockwork in that department,  so don't be worried if it takes  a while --
16) 27) dialog: Well, fine, fine.  Fiddle da  dee.  And how's it working?
16) 30) dialog: So you'll get married in a new  dress.
16) 32) dialog: (gently) You don't believe in signs.