0) 0) text: ORLANDO (57), in a steamy room lying on a bed bare-cheste in an old-fashioned sauna.
1) 0) text: Orlando lying face down on a massage bed. A MASSEUR begin massage his back.
2) 0) text: Orlando already dressed, goes up the stairs and leaves th sauna. On the glass window of it, we can see a neon sign reads its name: “FINLANDIA”. He walks the streets of Santiago.
3) 0) text: Orlando sitting on his desk calls her secretary, they tal speaker phone.
3) 1) dialog: Monica... Have you seen a big white envelope that was sitting here on my desk?
3) 3) dialog: Thank you. He hangs up the phone. EXT. PARKING LOT - ORLANDO’S CAR -- DAY 5 Orlando looks for the envelope on the car’s glove box, no luck. He goes to the trunk of the car, goes through magaz and boxes, the envelope is not there. INT. HOTEL —- HALLWAY -- NIGHT 6 Orlando crosses the lobby of a middle-range hotel and hea to the front desk.
3) 6) dialog: Could I bother you for a piece of paper and an envelope?
3) 8) dialog: Great
4) 0) text: Orlando on the elevator, he puts the envelope on the pock of his jacket.
5) 0) text: The place is packed with people. On a small stage, a band playing Caribbean music. Orlando walks in as an attractive and electric young woma MARINA (27), sings a salsa song with grace and talent. There’s something strong and magnetic about her, A SLIGHT ROUGH FEMININITY... Is she a transsexual woman? No one at the bar is paying much attention to Marina’s performance, except for Orlando, who stares at her, fascinated and sings along softly.
6) 0) text: Orlando and Marina walk into a Chinese restaurant’s hyper decorated waiting lounge. A CHINESE RECEPTIONIST greets t at their arrival.
6) 1) dialog: Good night. 10
6) 3) dialog: I made a reservation for Orlando Onetto.
6) 5) dialog: Thank you.
6) 7) dialog: Yes.
7) 0) text: Sitting at a table, Orlando and Marina are with two Chine waiters standing besides them with a cake and sparkling candle, they sing happy birthday in Chinese. Marina laugh and blows the candle. The waiters and Orlando clap their hands.
7) 4) dialog: Thank you.
7) 7) dialog: Here. Marina receives the envelope and opens it.
7) 9) dialog: It's no small thing. It's one of the seven natural wonders of the world.
7) 11) dialog: In ten days.
7) 14) dialog: It’s a long story...
7) 16) dialog: Yes... I bought them and printed them out, and I put them in an envelope.
7) 18) dialog: And I had them with me at the sauna.
7) 20) dialog: And I can’t remember where the fuck I put them.
8) 0) text: Later they dance to a slow song and kiss. INT. ORLANDO’S APARTMENT -- NIGHT 12 Orlando has a hard time getting his key in the lock.
8) 1) dialog: We're going to have to ask the doorman for some help. They are both a little drunk and tired, they laugh and Orlando finally manages to open the door. We hear the bar of a dog. INT. ORLANDO’S APARTMENT - BEDROOM -- NIGHT 13 It’s a large and elegant apartment, with view of the city Orlando and Marina make love in the dim light. They are p connection. 14 15 6. INT. ORLANDO'S APARTMENT —- BEDROOM -- NIGHT 14 The silence in the room is suddenly interrupted by Orland gasping sounds. Marina turns the light on. Orlando is sitting up at his s of the bed with his back turned towards her, having difficulty breathing.
8) 4) dialog: I don’t know.
8) 6) dialog: I don’t know what’s wrong with me. Orlando stands up from the bed, tries to walk but falls d Marina runs to grabs him.
9) 0) text: Marina carries Orlando outside the apartment. He puts him against the wall.
9) 3) dialog: No... Marina search for the keys on Orlando’s shirt. No luck.
9) 8) dialog: I’m fine.
9) 12) dialog: (mumbling) Where are we going?
9) 14) dialog: Hurry up.
9) 16) dialog: Hurry up.
9) 23) text: Juan Pablo, hurry up! Hurry! Two more paramedics arrive with a stretcher and try to pu Orlando out of the car; it’s a difficult task because his arms and legs are rigid and stuck in his seat. Orlando’s is HIT SEVERAL TIMES in the process.
10) 0) text: Marina is left alone, standing in front of the cubicle’s by herself. She waits for several seconds... Until the NURSE appears with some of Orlando’s belongings
34) 0) text: We hear Marina singing Spossa son Dispraseta. She walks t street alone, its really windy. As the seconds passes, th wind grows stronger and carries all kind of dust. At some point this natural force becomes so strong Marina can’t continue walking, the wind stops her. EXT. ORLANDO’S BUILDING - ELEVATOR -- DAY 52 Marina alone on the elevator, her mind is elsewhere. She looks exhausted.
37) 0) text: Marina opens the door and enters the chapel where Orlando funeral is being held. She sees Sonia, Gabo and Bruno sit up front, close to the casket. Two TWENTY-YEAR-OLDS are singing a song, accompanied by a guitar. They discover he presence. The people inside the chapel, begin to mutter amongst themselves and turn around to look at Marina. Outraged, Sonia STANDS UP NOISILY, attracting everyone’s attention.
45) 0) text: Marina, now without the Stranger, walks to the dance floo She is completely lost and sees Orlando staring at her fr the bar. 66 67 68 69 55.
46) 0) text: She discovers that ORLANDO IS STILL WATCHING HER, standin the dance floor, camouflaged in the crowd. Marina begins to dance with even greater impetus, as anonymous hands rise and surround her, cheering her on, w then turns into... A LONG AND COORDINATED GROUP CHOREOGRAPHY, vehement and openly sexual. INT. WANDA’S APARTMENT - HALLWAY -- NIGHT 67 Marina knocks on Wanda’s entrance door, she looks tired a she is completely wet. Gaston opens it.
63) 0) text: Marina observes the empty gardens... She looks defeated. Marina is taken aback when she feels someone passing clos by... It’s ORLANDO, who is already walking towards the ba of the cinerary building. She follows him.
64) 0) text: Marina follows Orlando down a car ramp that leads to an underground level.
65) 0) text: Orlando enters an underground hallway. Marina follows him She takes a look around: piled up caskets, candle stumps, heap of wilting flowers, broken statues... ORLANDO pushes her up against the wall behind her. Marina tries to push him away in terrified silence, but Orlando corners and kisses her. But after a while, she gives in to a long and heartfelt k Orlando takes a few steps back. Marina, panting, brings o hand up to her mouth. Orlando enters through a metallic g She follows him and tires to open the door, its closed. Marina dispairs.
66) 0) text: Marina enters the incineration room, artless and technolo Two EMPLOYEES are with Orlando’s body on top of a metalli sheet. 91 92 93 94 95 96 64.