0) 1) text: IN BLACK AND WHITE, A black 1930s Cadillac speeds down the only visible road amidst endless plains of farmland. The road curves sharply ahead - the car accelerates. Ignoring the turn, the Caddy drives directly off the road and through a massive field of emptiness.
0) 2) text: The car abruptly stops in the middle of the vacant field. GENERAL BRAT (58, a patch covers one of his eyes) and AGENT BLACK SUIT (an agent in a black suit) step out of the car.
0) 6) text: Agent Black Suit crouches down and pulls open a METAL HATCH in the ground. Both men walk down the hatch and into the earth.
2) 7) text: The scientists begin to scribble profusely as their devices blink manically. General Brat and Agent Black Suit exchange a concerned look. The General lights a cigarette as the Scientist steps up to a small microphone in the corner.
2) 39) text: Instantly, the scientists start packing up their equipment. Staring at Miller, General Brat grabs a RED PHONE and dials. Two Agents in the scuba-like suits emerge from behind Miller and start aggressively dragging him away.
3) 1) text: DALE DENTON (late 20s, out of shape, slightly unkempt) looks out of place in his black suit as he drives he sits in his cluttered and worn old lady car. He smokes a joint while listening to talk radio.
4) 17) text: Dale dashes back to his car as the upset woman starts to open the envelope.
6) 6) text: The secretary nods and goes back to her work. Dale casually waltzes down the office halls looking at the names on the doors. He glances down at his clipboard, it read: Walter Tandum.
6) 18) text: Dale turns and walks away. As he does, he notices a small kitchen. He enters and is delighted at the array of snacks and beverages. He helps himself.
16) 33) text: Dale takes the weed and looks at it. It looks spectacular. Bright red hairs and large crystals, huge purple and blue leaves - just spectacular! Dale smells it and is taken aback.
16) 46) text: A moment later, Saul comes back into the room and sits down. Dale notices that he didn't bring anything back from the other room. Saul notices Dale looking at him strangely.
16) 59) text: Saul comes back in and puts a small electronic scale on the coffee table.
16) 80) text: Dale sits back down on the couch, giddy as a schoolgirl.
17) 9) text: Dale starts COUGHING UNCONTROLLABLY! He starts the car and, in a panicked fit, tries to pull out. CRASH!!! He smashes directly into the car in front of him! He flicks the roach out onto the grass and slams the car in reverse - CRUNCH!!! He backs into the car behind him! Still hacking his lungs out, Dale drives away!
18) 75) text: Dale shakes his head, on the verge of tears. Saul shrugs, sits back down, then picks up his joint and re-lites it.
18) 152) text: Saul grabs his bag of weed and shoves it in his backpack. They run for the door.
19) 4) text: Saul runs back to his apartment, leaving Dale alone and frightened. Saul BURSTS back out of his apartment holding his cell.
19) 15) text: They DASH back to the elevator. Dale shoves his arm between the doors and they hop in. Saul rapidly presses the LOBBY button as the doors shut. They're both on the verge of hyperventilating.
22) 1) text: The car is parked on a small dirt path in the moon-lit woods. Dale paces back and forth as Saul walks over.
22) 30) text: Pleased, Saul pats Dale on the back.
24) 6) text: As Dale dials, Saul, paranoid from the pot, looks at his cell phone. He takes another hit, and then looks up to the sky again. He looks back at Dale's phone. Dale starts to walk off.
26) 83) text: Dale doesn't seem convinced. Saul picks up Red's huge bong and starts to pack a bit of Red's weed into it.
26) 87) text: SMACK! Dale knocks the phone out of Red's hand.
26) 90) text: Saul jumps up. Dale SNATCHES the phone and backs up.
27) 10) text: Dale throws the phone in the toilet bowl and smacks down the seat. He runs back to help Saul.
28) 10) text: Saul manages to stand up when Red boots him in the BALLS! He SHRIEKS and stumbles backwards. Dale dashes into the room and LEAPS onto Red's back. Red wobbles forward, then starts RUNNING BACKWARDS. He trips on his coffee table and CRASHES Dale through it, landing on top of him. Red gets up, sprints into the bathroom and locks the door. With great effort, Dale and Saul manage to get up.
30) 1) text: Saul chases Red and TACKLES him into a wall. Dale follows seconds later, and notices Red's LARGE GLASS BONG. He looks back to see Saul getting pummelled.
30) 5) text: Dale grabs the bong and swings around - CRASH!!! It shatters on the back of Red's head.
30) 74) text: Dale swings the plant back to strike Red. The pot flies off the plant and Dale smashes the dirt covered roots of the plant against Red's face.
30) 112) text: Saul runs off. Dale puts on Saul's backpack and looks at the battered Red moaning on the floor.
30) 118) text: Dale pulls Red's hands behind his back. Saul is picking at the tape.
30) 149) text: Red frantically tries to wriggle out of his bonds while Saul leads Dale out the back door. SUDDENLY, the door is KICKED open! Budlofsky and Matheson enter, guns drawn. They see Red.
32) 1) text: Budlofsky dashes back into the apartment.
33) 1) text: TED (the big grey-haired guy) puts his portable phone back in its charger.
33) 4) text: The living room windows are covered by black sheets. Workers are busy scrubbing blood stains off the floor and walls. The dead Asian man lies on top of bubble-wrap in the corner.
39) 29) text: Dale starts gathering all their jackets and shoes.
43) 32) text: Dale and Saul lead Angie and her parents towards the back door.
47) 1) text: Ted and Carol are in mid-discussion, and rather distraught at that. Behind them two henchmen take the dead Asian man's body out the back door.
51) 1) text: At the same high school Angie goes to, Dale and Saul walk up to four thirteen year old students. (DESMOND, WALT, ACK and BLAKE)
52) 1) text: Dale and the four kids all laugh hysterically as Saul marches around pretending to be Godzilla, blasting weed smoke out of his nose and mouth as though it was fire. Saul passes Ack the joint. He takes a puff and starts coughing.
52) 7) text: ACK
52) 11) text: ACK
52) 21) text: ACK
52) 27) text: ACK                                   
52) 62) dialog: (to Walt) Jason'll never believe this...until I show him all this weed!
52) 73) text: Saul laughs as he puts on his backpack and walks around the corner. Dale re-lights the remaining roach and casually smokes. He blows some smoke rings, coughs a bit, stretches; for a few moments, looking completely relaxed, but then-
52) 102) text: Saul merrily turns into the alley holding TWO RED SLURPEES, when he jumps back in terror! He sees the cop car up the alley. He ducks back behind the corner.
52) 109) text: She looks back at Dale and types into her computer.
54) 1) text: The Police Liaison stuffs Dale in the back of her squad car.
54) 6) text: A look of crippling horror comes across Dale's face as she throws him in the back seat and slams his door shut.
54) 8) text: He peaks down the alley and sees Dale in the back of the car and the FEMALE Police Liaison getting in the front.
56) 6) text: She puts the car in park. As the Police Liaison gets out of her car, Saul can be seen crawling around the back of the vehicle, clutching his testicles. The frightened Police Liaison looks at the windshield.
56) 18) text: Saul slams the car into reverse! He speeds backwards up the alley as the Police Liaison runs after them - GUN
56) 46) text: Saul mindlessly starts grasping at switches in the car. He finally turns on the wipers, which wipe away the slurpee and reveal that the window is so badly cracked he still can't see through it. Carol's car emerges right behind them.
56) 53) text: Saul, with great effort, keeps one foot on the pedals and, with all his might, kicks his other leg through the front window. His leg PUNCHES straight through the glass, but he can't pull it back in!
56) 84) text: Saul pops back up and begins steering again.
56) 87) text: The car bumps back on to a main road. Carol follows, sirens blaring.
57) 5) text: Dale, still handcuffed in the back of the cruiser, starts thrashing and screaming.
57) 12) text: Just then, Dale notices Saul, over a block away, running back towards the stolen car. Saul soon arrives, completely out of breath, and opens the door.
58) 1) text: Dale and Saul enter the hardware store, walking very close together so that no one sees Dale is handcuffed. They receive a few odd looks as they search and locate what they are looking for: saws. Saul quickly finds a sturdy looking hack-saw.
58) 7) text: Dale gets on his knees and bends over, pressing his face up against the wall. Saul begins to manically hack away at the cuffs.
58) 12) text: Suddenly, Saul sees a store clerk coming and shoves the saw underneath Dale's suit jacket.
69) 27) text: Matheson looks at the wheezing Saul, curled over by his feet, and punches him in the back of the head.
69) 28) text: Matheson pokes Saul in the back with his gun, ushering him towards the corner of the barn. They come to an old TRAP DOOR. Matheson opens the hatch and they descend.
73) 20) text: The thugs start bringing Dale towards the hatch. Suddenly one of them motions for the other to stop, feeling something on Dale's back.
73) 25) text: Thug 3 lifts up Dale's shirt, revealing that he has taped a gun to his back.
76) 1) text: Five Asian men lay on their stomachs in the tree line dressed in black and armed with machine guns. One of them stares through a pair of night-vision binoculars while utilizing a listening device. We see his view of Ted and hear what he hears.
76) 6) text: The Asian leader nods and does some hand signals to his men. The acknowledge they understand. He holds up a flashlight and flashes three times. From the opposing side of the barn two other flashlights blink back. They all get up and start to slowly move towards the barn.
77) 17) text: BLAM! Matheson shoots at Dale's head! Dale falls to the ground, specks of blood hitting Saul as he dives forwards, TACKLING Matheson into the wall!
78) 4) text: SUDDENLY, there is an EXPLOSION and a hole is blown in the barn wall. Budlofsky is blasted back and badly torn up.
79) 13) text: Behind Saul, Matheson tries to stand up, but immediately falls back down.
80) 11) text: RAT-A-TAT-TAT!!! Carol is shot several times in the chest! She lurches backwards, but does not fall. Her bullet proof vest has taken the bullets.
80) 14) text: Carol continues firing and kills another attacker as Ted runs for the trap door.
83) 1) text: Thirty feet from the barn there is an air vent sticking out of the ground. The top flies off and Saul emerges. He flops onto the ground, then immediately scampers to his and pulls out his gun. Saul looks to the open road to freedom, then back at the barn.
84) 9) text: Ted turns another corner and sees the strange scuba suit. He starts to walk past it, when he stops himself. He creeps back and looks at it, suspicious. He walks closer, breathing as quietly as he can, his gun clenched tightly. He slowly reaches his hand out to lift the face-hatch. He gently takes hold of the latch and is about to open it, when-
88) 6) text: KA-BOOM!!! THE BRIEFCASE EXPLODES!!!. Flames sweep over the room as Dale rolls for cover. Ted gets blasted back.
89) 4) text: KABOOM!!! The explosion BURSTS UP from the hatch with incredible force. Saul and Carol get blown back as Red's Ford Fiesta is sent flying up in the air. The flaming car lands DIRECTLY on Carol and explodes. The entire barn is now engulfed in flames.
90) 12) text: As he bolts down the hallway, the flames rush back in and chase after him.
91) 49) text: I've gotta get downtown, try and win Angie back.
91) 51) text: Tell her you cut off your ear for her, like that crazy artist. (beat)                                       But, seriously dude, your joking right?             She'll never take you back, ever. Just              grow up and date a woman your own age.             
91) 77) text: They walk together in silence, delighted at their new prospects. After a brief moment, Saul suddenly seems afraid. He starts nervously looking back towards the barn.