33) 5) text: Ted walks into the kitchen where CAROL BRAZIER (female cop from the murder, in full uniform, mid-30s) is playing with her gun.
33) 9) dialog: Does he have something to do with our friend in there?
33) 13) dialog: "Going to the casino"? I don't like that.
33) 14) text: Carol holsters her gun.
34) 6) dialog: (through one of the Asian mens ear piece) I'll be back in an hour with everything there is on Dale Denton. He'll be dead by the time we make our pick-up tomorrow.
47) 1) text: Ted and Carol are in mid-discussion, and rather distraught at that. Behind them two henchmen take the dead Asian man's body out the back door.
47) 3) dialog: A fork?                                             
47) 7) dialog: Maybe he killed her, to protect himself.
47) 11) dialog: They smashed one and left the other one              in the woods to distract us. Took us an              hour to find it. And we found Denton's               car, which was filled with all these                 strange disguises. These guys are for                real.                                               
52) 74) text: A COP CAR screeches to a halt right in front of Dale! A female POLICE LIAISON OFFICER (who is not Carol) gets out of the car. Dale freezes in horror.
53) 1) text: We see Carol (who is in fact Ted's evil accomplice) speeding down the road. Her police computer beeps. She looks at the screen.
53) 3) dialog: (smiling) Denton.
56) 24) text: Suddenly, Carol (the cop from Ted's house) whips her COP CAR into the alley! WHAM!!! It smashes into the rear of their car! Dale turns around and establishes eye contact with the stunned Carol.
56) 34) text: BLAM! She fires and the bullet punches through the windshield! The Police Liaison dives to the side as they zoom past her! They burst out of the alley. A moment later, Carol follows, in hot pursuit.
56) 46) text: Saul mindlessly starts grasping at switches in the car. He finally turns on the wipers, which wipe away the slurpee and reveal that the window is so badly cracked he still can't see through it. Carol's car emerges right behind them.
56) 61) text: Carol is ramming them from behind.
56) 69) text: Saul bumps over the curb and cuts through a LARGE PARK. Carol is right behind them.
56) 78) text: Dale does what little he can to brace himself. Saul SLAMS on the breaks. Carol sees Saul screeching to a halt and slams on her breaks. She grunts and whips out her GUN. Both cars come to a full stop beside one another.
56) 80) text: Saul hits the gas and the bullet riddled car takes off. Carol follows.
56) 87) text: The car bumps back on to a main road. Carol follows, sirens blaring.
56) 94) text: Carol flies into the intersection on a collision course with Saul and Dale.
56) 95) text: CRUNCH! A car smashes into the side of the Carol's cruiser.
56) 96) text: As Dale and Saul speed off, Carol emerges from the smoking wreckage, a look of hate in her eyes.
63) 1) text: Carol, who is a little bruised up from the car crash, sits with Ted. They are both furious.
63) 3) dialog: Guy drove like a mother-fucker. It was                 amazing.                                              
63) 6) text: Carol checks her watch.
63) 11) dialog: We should probably get to the farm.                 
75) 1) text: The barn door slides open. Ted and Carol walk in.
75) 10) dialog: Where did you find them?
75) 19) dialog: Who the fuck is this Dale Denton?                     
78) 1) text: Ted and Carol talk as Budlofsky and the thugs silently stands by. Ted is holding a large hunting knife.
80) 1) text: The Asians riddle the barn with bullets as they scream at Ted and his men in Korean. The remaining thugs scamper about, returning fire to the Asians. Ted and Carol hide behind a vehicle.
80) 3) dialog: On three.                                          
80) 6) dialog: One, two, three!                                   
80) 7) text: Carol and Ted pop up and unload their guns, hitting several of their assailants. They watch in horror as several more creep in through the hole the Escalade made.
80) 9) dialog: You go down. I'll take care of this.               
80) 10) text: Ted nods as Carol steps out from behind her cover and nails several assassins.
80) 11) text: RAT-A-TAT-TAT!!! Carol is shot several times in the chest! She lurches backwards, but does not fall. Her bullet proof vest has taken the bullets.
80) 13) dialog: ARGGG!!!                                           
80) 14) text: Carol continues firing and kills another attacker as Ted runs for the trap door.
85) 1) text: Saul inches towards the barn, hearing a melee of gunfire and screams as he nears it. He cautiously peers in and watches as Carol shoots an assassin in the chest then spins around and shoots at another assassin who desperately runs with a METAL BRIEFCASE handcuffed to his wrist. Carol hits him several times; he lurches over and falls through the trap door. She smiles and drops her empty gun.
85) 2) text: Saul watches Carol as she heads towards the trap door. He takes a deep breath and CHARGES into the barn, unleashing a barrage of bullets at her! BLAM BLAM BLAM! CLICK.
85) 8) text: They both SCREAM in rage and CHARGE, fists flying as they collide. Carol whips Saul around by his collar and hurls him to the ground. She runs up and kicks him in the gut, time and time again.
85) 10) dialog: I'm a fucking cop, you moron.                         
85) 14) text: Saul leaps to his feet and PUNCHES Carol in the face. He PUNCHES her again. She reaches for her mace, so Saul kicks her in the groin and grabs it for himself, then sprays her in the face.
87) 1) text: Carol writhes on the ground as Saul runs towards her with a plank of wood. SMASH! He shatters it over her head. Carol drops, unconscious.
87) 22) text: Saul spins around to see Carol standing behind him, a machine gun aimed.
87) 29) dialog: Oh yeah!                                             
89) 1) text: Saul tries to be brave as Carol takes final aim.
89) 3) dialog: Now prepare to eat shit and die-                     
89) 4) text: KABOOM!!! The explosion BURSTS UP from the hatch with incredible force. Saul and Carol get blown back as Red's Ford Fiesta is sent flying up in the air. The flaming car lands DIRECTLY on Carol and explodes. The entire barn is now engulfed in flames.