4) 1) text: Dale, wearing a name tag that reads "Garth", holding a clip board and wearing a greenpeace hat, knocks repeatedly on the door. A woman cautiously answers the door.
6) 10) text: Dale enters to see Walter, a 40 year old accountant, seated at his desk.
6) 18) text: Dale turns and walks away. As he does, he notices a small kitchen. He enters and is delighted at the array of snacks and beverages. He helps himself.
12) 28) text: Dale vigorously wipes his hands, face, and mouth with wet naps and then starts futilely attempting to put visine in his blazing red eyes. Frustrated, he squirts Visine all over his finger tips and simply rubs them into his eyes. He uses the mouthwash, chews up a mint, dabs on some cologne, and then gets out of the car.
16) 99) text: Saul passes Dale the joint, obliviously dropping ash all over his suit. Slightly agitated, Dale brushes it off.
17) 1) text: Dale cruises down side streets and locates Ted's house. It is a large well-to-do home. Having difficulties, Dale parks in between two cars across the street. He turns off the engine and starts smoking a joint. SUDDENLY - FLASH! Two head lights appear up the street. Holy shit! It's a
17) 6) text: Fortunately,   the COP crosses the street and walks towar Ted's house.   Confused, Dale watches as she is let in. Dale waits a   moment and then re-lights the joint. He tries to see   into Ted's house as he takes a MASSIVE TOK
17) 7) text: BANG! A SILENCE SHATTERING BLAST comes from Ted's house. Dale holds the toke in and tries to keep quiet as he focuses on the large front window. SUDDENLY, the drapes are torn down by an ASIAN MAN as he falls forwards and crashes through the front window!
17) 15) dialog: Pineapple Express.
18) 4) text: Suddenly, the BUZZER sounds repeatedly.
25) 70) text: Frustrated, Dale tries to gather his thoughts.
26) 4) text: Saul shuts the door and he and Dale run towards Red's house - a small, dilapidated place in a rundown part of town. Exhausted, Dale and Saul reach Red's door. Saul knocks.
27) 1) text: Disoriented, Dale scans the small bathroom. Saul and Red can be heard fighting outside.
30) 71) text: Dale grabs a potted plant.
32) 7) text: Matheson stands over top of Red, talking to Ted on the phone.
32) 9) dialog: Find out what he knows.                              
32) 17) dialog: Ask if either of them were Asian.
32) 25) dialog: Dale Denton. Not Asian. Alright. Kill Red.
33) 1) text: TED (the big grey-haired guy) puts his portable phone back in its charger.
33) 3) dialog: Fuck.                                                 
33) 5) text: Ted walks into the kitchen where CAROL BRAZIER (female cop from the murder, in full uniform, mid-30s) is playing with her gun.
33) 7) dialog: Carol, there's another name to run. Dale Denton.
33) 11) dialog: If the Asians have the balls to send an assassin right into my home, we can't be too cautious. The boys say Denton and Saul are Caucasian. Maybe after their assassin failed, they hired this outside               guy Denton to finish the job.                          (pondering) Also, the boys said that Saul mentioned "going to the casino."
34) 1) text: Inside an Escalade with tinted   windows sit two frightening looking Asian men.   They have earphones on a an eavesdropping tool aimed at   Ted's house. They hear every word. One of them writes   down info in Korean.
35) 1) text: Dale and Saul are still running and are unbelievably exhausted.
47) 1) text: Ted and Carol are in mid-discussion, and rather distraught at that. Behind them two henchmen take the dead Asian man's body out the back door.
47) 5) dialog: A bloody fork. In his girlfriends house.             And the blood was fresh.
47) 9) dialog: Or maybe it's the Asians fucking with us. What the fuck is going on! (a frustrated beat) Any luck with the cell phones?
47) 12) text: Ted slams his fist on a table. He ponders.
47) 17) dialog: I want to talk to the Asians. Get me Cheung's number. Now.
48) 5) dialog: Cheung. It's Ted.
48) 13) dialog: Cheung, I want you to call off your man Denton. I don't know what he is, a scout, assassin, and frankly I don't care. I just want him gone. I want him dead. If you do this, I'll consider it a peace offering, otherwise, you're asking for war. And just in case you forgot, I'm number one, and there's a reason for that. You've got 24 hours to reply.
48) 20) text: He turns to a picture of the Asian Ted killed earlier.
53) 1) text: We see Carol (who is in fact Ted's evil accomplice) speeding down the road. Her police computer beeps. She looks at the screen.
56) 24) text: Suddenly, Carol (the cop from Ted's house) whips her COP CAR into the alley! WHAM!!! It smashes into the rear of their car! Dale turns around and establishes eye contact with the stunned Carol.
63) 1) text: Carol, who is a little bruised up from the car crash, sits with Ted. They are both furious.
63) 5) dialog: This is not good. We should have this under control. We haven't heard shit from              the Asians. Got these lunatics after us.               Shit.                                                 
70) 4) text: Matheson urges Saul through the dense forest of weed, passing several of Ted's thugs, the hum of the giant grow lights filling the air.
75) 1) text: The barn door slides open. Ted and Carol walk in.
75) 6) dialog: You have them?
75) 17) dialog: He shot Frank? Jesus. Fuckin' Frank.                  
76) 1) text: Five Asian men lay on their stomachs in the tree line dressed in black and armed with machine guns. One of them stares through a pair of night-vision binoculars while utilizing a listening device. We see his view of Ted and hear what he hears.
76) 3) dialog: Well, we'll torture these two bastards                 and find out everything they know. What                about the shipment? Ready to move out?                
78) 1) text: Ted and Carol talk as Budlofsky and the thugs silently stands by. Ted is holding a large hunting knife.
78) 3) dialog: Has anyone seen my bigger knife?                       (beat)                                          Do you guys hear that?                                
78) 4) text: SUDDENLY, there is an EXPLOSION and a hole is blown in the barn wall. Budlofsky is blasted back and badly torn up.
78) 9) dialog: 
80) 1) text: The Asians riddle the barn with bullets as they scream at Ted and his men in Korean. The remaining thugs scamper about, returning fire to the Asians. Ted and Carol hide behind a vehicle.
80) 4) text: Ted nods.
80) 7) text: Carol and Ted pop up and unload their guns, hitting several of their assailants. They watch in horror as several more creep in through the hole the Escalade made.
80) 10) text: Ted nods as Carol steps out from behind her cover and nails several assassins.
80) 14) text: Carol continues firing and kills another attacker as Ted runs for the trap door.
81) 69) text: Saul lifts himself in. SUDDENLY, Dale sees Ted enter the room and immediately go for his gun.
81) 74) text: Dale walks out from under Saul, raises his gun, and unloads - RATA-TAT-TAT!!! Ted ducks as the plants around him are torn asunder. Dale runs out of ammo.
81) 75) text: BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! Ted shoots at Saul, who narrowly avoids the gunfire as he pulls himself into the vent. Ted redirects his attention to Dale, who is running through the bushes. Ted blasts off a few shots before Dale vanishes into the foliage.
81) 77) dialog: Denton!!!                                          
84) 5) text: ANGLE ON: Ted, quietly walking through the room
84) 6) text: Ted raises his gun as he spins around a corner.
84) 8) dialog: Where are you, you son-of-a-bitch?                 
84) 9) text: Ted turns another corner and sees the strange scuba suit. He starts to walk past it, when he stops himself. He creeps back and looks at it, suspicious. He walks closer, breathing as quietly as he can, his gun clenched tightly. He slowly reaches his hand out to lift the face-hatch. He gently takes hold of the latch and is about to open it, when-
84) 10) text: Dale jumps out from behind him and swings a FIRE EXTINGUISHER at Ted's face - SLAM!!! Ted drops his gun as he falls to the floor.
84) 13) text: Ted leaps upwards and uppercuts Dale hard!!!
86) 1) text: Ted and Dale are squared off. Both are bloody lipped and bruised. Dale continuously shucks and jives on the spot as they talk.
86) 5) dialog: I don't know who you are, Denton, or why               you're trying to ruin my life, but you're              fuckin' dead!                                         
86) 6) text: Ted rips off his shirt, revealing dozens of fearsome tattoos and scars. Dale quickly picks a grow light up off the ground. Ted does the same. The humming of the grow lights is heard as the two men walk in a circle, squared off.
86) 10) dialog: 
87) 2) text: Saul drops to his knees, exhausted.
88) 1) text: Ted and Dale grapple violently on the ground. His gut jiggles as he lunges forwards, punching Dale in the throat! Dale falls to his knees, gasping for air. Ted kicks him in the head and picks up his GUN.
88) 5) text: Ted stands over Dale, aims the gun to his head, and-
88) 6) text: KA-BOOM!!! THE BRIEFCASE EXPLODES!!!. Flames sweep over the room as Dale rolls for cover. Ted gets blasted back.
90) 1) text: The air thick with weed smoke, Dale slowly rises to his feet. He sees Ted slumped against the wall, dead, partially aflame. Dale walks over to Ted's body and takes the gun out of his hand.
90) 4) text: He pulls a small BLUE ENVELOPE out of his pocket and drops it on Ted.
91) 61) text: Who fuckin' cares? I thought you wanted to be a talk radio dude anyways? And, like, I never said anything, but you do have the voice. Like, when I didn't know what you did, I kind of thought you might have been doing cartoon voices, you know, like that Shrek shit, and that's why you wore a suit.
91) 77) text: They walk together in silence, delighted at their new prospects. After a brief moment, Saul suddenly seems afraid. He starts nervously looking back towards the barn.