5) 1) text: reads, "TEENAGE SLEUTHS REVEAL BLACK KNIGHT GHOST AS HOAX." A photo pictures the Mystery, Incorporated gang: Shaggy Rogers, Fred Jones, Daphne Blake, Velma Dinkley, and the huge Great Dane, Scooby-Doo.
5) 22) dialog: I noticed the upper half of his body was too large for his frame. No one’s built like that. There was room for a whole head up there.
5) 56) dialog: There comes a time to separate the wheat from the chaff. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
8) 0) text: FRED JONES at a podium. He holds a remote control. Only ten or so bored fans sit in the large auditorium.
8) 1) dialog: And then there was the time, of course, when I solved the mystery of -- Fred presses the remote, flashing a... Slide of a phony seaweed monster. (CONTINUED)
8) 4) dialog: -- the seaweed-covered ghost,~ exposing him as... Fred clicks to a slide of the seaweed-covered ghost, unmasked. Slide Slide Slide Slide
8) 5) dialog: ++. aman in a mask. of the Aztec ghost, chasing Shaggy.
8) 6) dialog: The Aztec ghost was quite a challenge until I discovered -- of the Aztec ghost, unmasked.
8) 7) dialog: That he was a man in an Aztec ghost mask. of the abominable snowman ghost.
8) 8) dialog: But I guess you’d say I’m most remembered for revealing to the world that the abominable snowman ghost -- of the abominable snowman ghost, unmasked.
8) 9) dialog: Was actually a man inside of a ma. Kk. BOY raises his hand.
8) 11) dialog: My new book, E.S.P./Schmee.S.P., addresses that issue, my friend. After years of investigating supernatural claims I have arrived at one utter and unassailable conclusion: There are no such entities as ghosts, ghouls, goblins, or monsters. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
8) 14) dialog: At the end of every paranormal claim there are only fools seeking fame, paranoid imaginations, or charlatans looking to make a buck. There is absolutely -- absolutely -- no suc’ hi: as magic in this world. Beat.
8) 15) dialog: Any other questions? A maladjusted FAT KID raises his hand.
8) 17) dialog: Shagster?
9) 0) text: Fred sits with Shaggy and Scooby. The yearbooks and a tape recorder are in front of him.
9) 1) dialog: Well, it’s obvious some sort of man in a mask apprehended your cousin. The important question is... What kind of mask?
9) 3) dialog: Can’t, Shag. My book tour. Tomorrow I’m off to Evanston, I --
9) 5) dialog: It’s either a coincidence, or they all got jobs at Disneyland. (CONTINUED)
9) 9) dialog: Shaggy. There is no such thing as supernatural phenomena.
9) 11) dialog: Such as?
9) 17) dialog: It could be a hypno-wheel.
9) 19) dialog: (nodding) Amnesty International has declared hypno-wheels a violation of basic human rights, ever since Pol Pot employed one during the Khmer Rouge. (CONTINUED)
10) 0) text: Velma sits in the parked van with Shaggy and Fred.
10) 2) dialog: I tracked it down on eBay a couple years back! I charge fans fifteen bucks for a ride around the block. An angry Scoob is tightly crossing his arms in the back seat.
10) 7) dialog: Well, Scoob, you have to admit -- relatively speaking, measured against a human, you are a moron. Scooby, offended, snatches a notebook off the back seat. He furiously writes something on it.
10) 8) dialog: So, Velma, are you in? This’1ll be a real doozy of a news story if all five of us go.
10) 12) dialog: But it’s tradition that I do that.
10) 14) dialog: Breaking tradition, that’s like... hanging turds on a Christmas tree.
10) 17) dialog: Well... Heck, all right. (CONTINUED)
11) 0) text: Scooby, Shaggy, Velma, and Fred cross the garden toward a dojo. Scooby is still writing in the notebook. A sign reads "TAI CHI ACADEMY."
11) 2) dialog: Why? She digs me. Scooby holds up the notebook again: 12 +7
12) 5) dialog: Hey. Don’t be sharp just ‘cause Freddy gave you the heave-ho.
15) 0) text: Fred wheels his luggage to a list of TWA departure times. The board lists flights to L.A., St. Louis, New York, as well as one flight to Spooky Island, leaving at 4:10.
15) 5) dialog: Cool. Where are k.d. lang and Malibu Barbie?
15) 7) dialog: Oh my God.
15) 17) dialog: Before we get on the plane, let’s do that thing where we put our hands on top of each other, then lift them up and go, ‘Whoo hoo!’
15) 20) dialog: Wait for everybody, Scoob.
18) 0) text: College students abound, many of them tattooed punks and Goth rockers and hippies. Scooby, Shaggy, and Fred sit across the aisle from an upper crust coed. Scooby notices a cat in a Sherpa bag in the space at the feet of the coed. The CAT HISSES at him. Scooby, still dressed as the old lady, growls. His lip rolls up. The coed gives Scooby an uneasy look.
18) 7) dialog: That’s ludicrous.
18) 9) dialog: Don’t be touching my private things! The CAT HISSES at Scooby again. Scooby loses it, barking at the cat. Everyone looks at the barking old lady.
18) 11) dialog: Shaggy, it’s simple behavior modification. To cause a dog to discontinue any action, you flick him on the nose. Observe. Scoob? Scooby turns to Fred.
18) 12) dialog: When you bark, this is what happens. Fred flicks Scooby on the nose. Scooby stares a moment. Then he punches Fred eight times in the face, hard. 30.
19) 1) dialog: Okay, gang, let’s spread that photo of Isabel around, see if anyone knows her. Then we’ll see if we can locate the hyno-wheel. The gang fans out at the bottom of the stairg. They each have a photograph of Isabel, which they show to the natives. Daphne stands with one EMPLOYEE.
20) 0) text: N‘Goo drives the Werewolf cart down the cobblestone pathway. Gaudy animatronic statues loom on either side of the lane. The statues are weathered, with parts chipped away: Famous monsters, cheesy ghosts in sheets, and skeletons missing bones. They chomp and grab at passersby. The gang is crowded together in the cart. Fred and Velma sits the front seat with N’Goo. The rest are in back. N’GOO You come here to face the demons?
20) 2) dialog: We’ve come here to disprove your demons. I’m an author. Fred Jones. N’GOO Mm. Rings no bells.
20) 3) dialog: Perhaps you know one of my books: The Bermuda Triangle, What Crap, or Bigfoot: Bulls: - N’goo shakes his head.
20) 4) dialog: I’m very famous in the U.S. Scooby, in the back seat, buries his face in Shaggy’s chest.
21) 18) dialog: We should head up to this Mondavarious fellow’s castle. Seems the most likely place to hide a hypno-wheel.
21) 27) dialog: Shag-- (CONTINUED)
23) 0) text: Velma, Daphne, and Fred SCREECH sideways to a stop, all in a clear line in front of the Disneyesque castle. Scooby tries to do the exact same thing, but his moped runs into the rest and they all fall down like dominoes.
24) 0) text: The gang stands on the castle porch. Velma presses a DOORBELL. It plays a CHEESY MELODY. Scooby and Shaggy are frightened. Fred is excited.
24) 1) dialog: A hypno-wheel could be our biggest coup since we teamed up with the Harlem Globetrotters and opened a can of whoop-ass on Redbeard’s ghost! No one answers the door.
25) 4) dialog: Okay, let’s split up and look for clues. Daphne, you and I -- (CONTINUED)
25) 8) dialog: Why are you all huffy? What did I ever do to you?
25) 15) dialog: Fine. Velma, come with me. I want you to. I’m very excited about it.
27) 0) text: Fred and Velma walk along a wall with framed photos of Anne Geddes’ babies.
27) 2) dialog: Velm! No. Heck, stocky chicks turn me on every now and again. Velma glares at him.
27) 3) dialog: What? That was a compliment. They pass a picture of a kid dressed up like a cabbage. Its eyes follow them, watching.
33) 0) text: Fred and Velma are on their mopeds as Scooby gets on his. Daphne rolls the Ming vase with Shaggy in it out the front door.
33) 1) dialog: What are you doing?!
33) 3) dialog: Why now? !
33) 5) dialog: Oh. Daphne closes her eyes. She makes a humming sound. She slowly pulls back her fist. (CONTINUED)
33) 11) dialog: Let’s all meet back at the hotel. Daphne, Fred, and Velma take off. Shaggy gets on the moped behind Scooby.
34) 0) text: Fred, Velma, and Daphne zip by, down the steep hill. Shaggy and Scooby are behind them, but their moped is puttering and slowing. Finally, it stops.
35) 0) text: A brightly-lit hotel in the middle of the dark forest. Fred, Velma, and Daphne are entering.
36) 0) text: As Fred, Velma, and Daphne come through the door, they’re almost toppled by two giggling students in their underwear, chasing and spraying shaving cream on each other. (CONTINUED)
36) 3) dialog: We'll reconvene here at eight~“in the morning. Velma and Daphne nod.
38) 7) dialog: Velma’s waiting for them in the bar downstairs.
39) 1) dialog: They’re probably with her by now. You find any evidence of a hypno- wheel?
39) 3) dialog: You’re saying you believe there’s actual demonic activity on this island?
39) 6) dialog: We have adjoining rooms. I’11 leave my side unlocked. Daphne puts her hand on his chest, stopping him. (CONTINUED)
39) 10) dialog: We have a long history.
39) 12) dialog: Come on... I miss you.
39) 14) dialog: We fit together like Legos!
39) 16) dialog: Pretending?
39) 19) dialog: Wellll --
39) 21) dialog: Sure.
39) 25) dialog: You were terrified -- -
39) 27) dialog: Slow down!
40) 0) text: Fred stands in front of Daphne’s closed door. He’s speechless for a moment. Then:
40) 1) dialog: That thing on your head... that... barrette... headband... maybe... Maybe that makes you look gay! Did you ever think of that?! A maid passes by. Fred smiles at her, embarrassed.
40) 2) dialog: I couldn’t think of anything better.
47) 2) dialog: Hey, Scoob. Buddy.
47) 6) dialog: That was you slamming on the door? _ Scooby nods. Fred stands, fed up.
47) 7) dialog: Man, this is the most embarrassing thing you’ve done since you decided to clean your crotch at Don Knotts’ Christmas party! (aside) Not that I wasn’t envious of your elasticity. Scooby gnashes his teeth and walks like a monster.
47) 9) dialog: How many times do I have to say it? There are no such entities as ghosts, ghouls, goblins, or monsters! At the end of every paranormal claim there are only fools seeking fame, paranoid imaginations, or charlatans looking to make a buck! There is absolutely -- absolutely -- no such thing as magi--
58) 15) dialog: ‘So funny how it seems Always in time But never in line for dreams Head over heels when toe to toe This is the sound of my soul! This is the sound!’ Velma ENTERS FRAME, also with a microphone. Her hair is in abun. She’s wearing makeup and a sun dress. She thrusts her fist in front of her, singing with gusto. The crowd whoops and applauds. (CONTINUED)
58) 19) dialog: ‘Why do we find it hard to write the next line? Oh we want the truth to be said!’
58) 21) dialog: ‘Huh huh huh hu-uh huh We know this much is true Huh huh huh hu-uh huh We know this much is true’
58) 57) dialog: Hey, Scooby! You guys missed a real kicky time last night!
58) 61) dialog: The fellows in the demon costumes took us back to a big cavern, and we all had some scrumptious chocolate cake!
58) 68) dialog: Rixnort caal ene, topara! Ekenchumen, riko! Shaggy and Scooby run. The possessed humans take chase. Shaggy trips, but the horde just runs over his body. They seem only to care about Scooby. (CONTINUED)
73) 0) text: Shaggy steps out of the hole and onto the beach. He looks up and sees Fred, Velma, and Daphne standing, waiting for him. He stops, staring at them with resigned trepidation.
73) 3) dialog: They were itchy! And admit it, you’re into the thought. (CONTINUED)
75) 0) text: The gang has set up camp. Fred makes a fire out of twigs. -
81) 0) text: Shaggy, Fred, Velma and Daphne are in shock. (CONTINUED)
81) 9) dialog: You want us to battle giant demons and save humanity? If you don’t recall, Shaggy, our area of expertise is nut jobs in Halloween costumes.
81) 21) dialog: All right. I’m in too. Scooby’s our friend. But we need the Velmster.
83) 0) text: Fred takes a mirror off a hotel room wall.
84) 5) dialog: I believe your vast knowledge of mechanical amusement devices will come in handy, my friend.
84) 7) dialog: But we need to get the key to the control box.
86) 0) text: Fred and Velma, wearing huge backpacks, are pretending to be demons. They each grip one of Shaggy’s arms, as if he’s their prisoner. Shaggy is scared witless.
86) 5) dialog: Shhh!
89) 0) text: Velma, Fred and Shaggy venture into the enormous cavern. A DEMON stands beside one of the slabs, waiting to inhabit Shaggy’s body. Shaggy whispers through clenched teeth.
89) 7) dialog: Shaggy, head into that passageway. Fred uses a tape measure and some chalk, marking off points on the walls surrounding them.
89) 9) dialog: You. have to pretend that you've been transformed into a demon. That’s where they go afterwards. Velma hammers a nail into one of Fred’s chalk marks.
93) 0) text: Fred and Velma are hanging the last of the mirrors on the wall. The mirrors travel all the way around the cavern.
93) 1) dialog: If this works it could be even cooler than the time we kicked the living shit out of Dick Van Dyke with the Cotton Candy Ghost.
93) 3) dialog: Are you sure? A BLEATING HORN ECHOES throughout the cavern. Velma checks her watch.
95) 0) text: The humans stand stock-still in straight lines, staring in the direction of the vat. Fred and Velma, uncertain, line up with them.
100) 0) text: Fred watches Mondavarious use the key hanging from his belt to open the control station door. Shaggy gets in line beside him. He whispers:
100) 2) dialog: Mattress?
100) 4) dialog: What?
100) 6) dialog: You can’t control sweating.
100) 8) dialog: How?
100) 10) dialog: You can’t do that! No one can do that! (CONTINUED)
100) 14) dialog: I didn’t start sweating until you told me I couldn’t sweat!
106) 0) text: Fred pretends to itch himself, wiping sweat from his face.
106) 1) dialog: A hinga hoowa karay lun I want to do your Bolevven tary pakin tun carryin’! Unleavened Roppoppo ee en loo en roo horray for tar! The Offer praise to Scooby- Pope-oh left the room. Doo! All for praise... what? Shaggy sees something in a passageway. Zarkos and the trio of possessed humans carrying the ceremonially adorned Scooby-Doo toward the center of the cavern belly. Scooby waves at the crowd as he passes, happy with his situation. (CONTINUED)
112) 0) text: The Soul Stew rises behind a shivering Scooby. The soul heads form a swirling soul tube of SCREAMING HUMAN FACES. It twirls, twists, gaining speed, boring up through the hole, and toward the sky. Fred, Velma, and Shaggy watch the soul tube. TREMENDOUS WINDS BLOW throughout the cavern. The bottom of the tube lifts off of the metal vat: it bends outward, an open cavity aimed into the room.
114) 0) text: The demons emerge from the cavity at the bottom of the tube -- Hade’s cornucopia -- and they swamp the room. Velma eyes Fred.
114) 2) dialog: Wow. What if Bigfoot is real too? (embarrassed) I wrote that whole book. Some of these CREATURES look like monkeys, small and thin and ice blue. They cling to the walls, YIPPING. Others are skeletal and smirking, with body parts absent. Others are diseased. They drip pus.
116) 7) dialog: Shaggy, get to the control box! Velma, fix the mirror! I’11 see if Scooby put the key under the mattress! Shaggy, Velma, and Fred take off in different directions. (CONTINUED)
118) 0) text: Fred dodges the demons like a running back. Velma slides under a flying monkey sweeping down at her. Shaggy is fast, diving between creatures. Then the Scooby Rex lands powerfully in front of him. The Rex stabs his enormous face into Shaggy’s.
120) 1) dialog: runs toward the vertical palanquin. He leaps over a demon, and onto a small platform beneath it. He rips away the mattress (which is attached by Velcro). And there, scrawled in huge letters on the wood board, it reads: 12
120) 4) text: Zarkos’ key rests on the inside rim. Fred smiles. SCOOBY’S SOUL twisting in the tunnel, chuckles.
120) 5) dialog: Shaggy! 106.
120) 7) text: standing at the control station. Fred tosses the key. It spins over the heads of the demons. Shaggy catches it. He goes to unlock the control station door.
127) 0) text: Velma and Fred lie on the ground. They cover their heads as hundreds of DEMONS WOOSH over their bodies and up into the soul tube. And then it stops. The room is momentarily quiet.
129) 0) text: Scooby-Doo’s Soul colorfully zooms across the cavern. SCOOBY’S SOUL Yeah yeah yeah! He splashes into his again normal-sized body, sparkling. In colorful bursts, the souls zip around a smiling Velma and Fred and out through the cavern’s halls.
129) 5) dialog: gives Raimondo a hand.
134) 5) dialog: Yes, we did! They stop. They stare into each other’s eyes. Their breath quickens as their desire rushes to the surface. They embrace and kiss passionately. Then, as quickly as it started, Daphne catches her lapse of reason and pushes Fred away.
134) 7) dialog: Aha! You kissed me back!
134) 9) dialog: (to a guy beside them) She used tongue.
135) 0) text: Press bulbs flash on Mondavarious and N’Goo. They are handcuffed and thoroughly beaten-up. A throng of CORRESPONDENTS gathers around the gang. They stick their microphones in Fred’s face.
135) 2) dialog: Yes! It all started when I was giving a speech at Coolsville, and -- Fred notices Velma standing quietly beside them, gazing at the floor.
135) 3) dialog: And I think, really, that the Velmster should take it from there. The Correspondents all thrust their mikes toward a surprised Velma. Her eyes smile warmly at Fred. (CONTINUED)
135) 9) dialog: But I’m standing right here.
135) 16) dialog: Sorry, Don. But that’s no reason to freak out like a jerk and kill humanity.
135) 19) dialog: Velmster did a bang-up job. It’s no surprise that Yale offered her that professorship.
135) 21) dialog: Not to toot my own horn, but I’ve pre-sold two hundred thousand copies of my new book, Why Skeptics Suck Ass.
135) 26) dialog: Rehearsal?
135) 31) dialog: Thanks. for lunch, Daph. That was nice of you!
135) 42) dialog: Hm... Well, good-bye, everybody.
136) 7) dialog: Don’t jump to conclusions, Shag! Fred steps out of the Mystery Machine behind Shaggy.
136) 8) dialog: If you expect it to be a man ina mask, then when it ends up being a protoplasmic alien life form animating an edible substance, it’ll take you unaware, perhaps shooting acidic wads of pudding at your head, tearing off your face!
136) 12) dialog: This could be dangerous. Someone of my physical prowess could come in handy, opening lodged doors, etcetera. Shaggy shrugs.
136) 16) dialog: Ha! Chocolate pudding bastard, here we come! I’11 drive!
136) 23) dialog: Ha ha! Do that again, Scoob!
136) 25) dialog: I’m going to start doing that. Fred!
136) 27) dialog: Fred Jones! (CONTINUED)
136) 31) dialog: Sorry, sorry... The Mystery Machine hits the road. FADE OUT.