21) 0) text: The golf carts pull around a stone altar and a circular stone platform. Weeds poke through the platform's eracked surface. In the center of the platform is a large stone bowl covered with carvings of demons. The gang gathers beside a moped rental stand beside the platform. MONDAVARIOUS approaches a podium and microphone on the altar. He is a genuinely spooky bald man with a goatee in the shape of an arrow. He wears mystical flowing purple robes, and he has a large key hanging from his belt. ZARKOS stands by Mondavarious’s side. Zarkos is a huge Mexican ex-wrestler, bare-chested but for crossed suspenders. A mask covers the upper half of his face. Mondavarious, stilted and detached, reads a speech.
21) 1) dialog: Welcome to Spooky Island. My name is Mondavarious. Locked away in my castle of horrors -- Mondavarious motions toward the colorful fiberglass castle on the mountain.
21) 2) dialog: I have dedicated my life to the study of demonology and have found demons to be very... He turns to the next page.
21) 3) dialog: Frightening. I would like to introduce my bodyguard. His name is Zarkos. You may recognize him from Telemundo as the famous masked wrestler, Zarkos. Good luck. I hope your stay here is a horrifying one. (CONTINUED)
21) 6) dialog: Oh, and be sure to return to your lodgings by midnight. Demons prowl the forest after midnight, in search of fresh, young souls. Mondavarious grins.
30) 0) text: Mondavarious and Zarkos enter hurriedly.
31) 0) text: Zarkos and Mondavarious move swiftly down the hallway. They move past three large Ming vases. After they pass them, Daphne, Shaggy, and Scooby stick their heads out of them.
32) 0) text: Zarkos and Mondavarious enter. Food is all over the kitchen. The Daemon Ritus is on the counter. | Mondavarious runs his finger along the binding. The highlighted pages have been torn away. He turns to Zarkos.
32) 1) dialog: Why didn’t you stop them?
74) 0) text: N’goo opens a door. He leads Scooby into the room where Isabel was captured. Scooby is surprised by the craggy walls blanketed with Scooby-Doo memorabilia, photographs from his life, magazine articles, and so on. Mondavarious sits at a desk covered in gewgaws and clashing colors. He drinks a cup of tea.
74) 1) dialog: Leave us alone, N‘Goo. N’Goo bows. Departs. Scooby points at himself on the cover of Dog Fancy magazine.
74) 4) dialog: My friend. Join me. Truth awaits. 83.
76) 0) text: Mondavarious removes the velvet sheet to display a small scale model of the cavern belly, complete with miniature soul stew, soul snatcher, pewter demons, etc.
76) 2) dialog: The vat is comprised of human souls. We call it the soul stew. Scooby licks his lips, hungry.
76) 4) dialog: At midnight tonight, through occult incantations, we evoke the soul tube! (CONTINUED)
76) 7) dialog: The soul tube is a shuttle, if you will, between earth and the demon realm. I’ve used sorcery to summon low-level demons over the years. But only through this tube can we transport the Demon Rex. Mondavarious flicks another switch. A red holographic Demon Rex slowly descends through the tunnel of souls. Scooby points to a plaster kitten, with a spring for a neck, on Mondavarious’s desk.
76) 9) dialog: That’s a cat with a bobbing head. Scooby slaps its head, making it bob. It amuses hin.
76) 10) dialog: Please don’t touch it. It has nothing to do with this. Mondavarious flicks another switch; holograms of other demons follow the Demon Rex down the tube.
76) 11) dialog: The Demon Rex issues a powerful magnetic force which draws every other demon in a wake onto our earth. Then --
78) 0) text: Mondavarious is exuberant.
78) 1) dialog: All human souls, that is, with the exception of myself, Zarkos and N’Goo Tauana. We shall be the Demon Rex's human acolytes! Scooby doesn’t quite get it.
78) 3) dialog: Don’t you see? You mustn’t worry yourself with these trifles any longer.
80) 0) text: Mondavarious gestures to the Scooby paraphernalia around hin.
80) 1) dialog: You’re the Chosen One, Scooby-Doo! Hand-picked more than five hundred years ago!
80) 5) dialog: We've followed your every step since your puppy mill birth in Coolsville! Strange and wonderful occurrences have always surrounded you, yes?
80) 7) dialog: You’re a magnet for them, my hirsute friend! And at midnight tonight, most strange and wonderful of all...
80) 9) dialog: ++. you will bequeath your body to the future Lord and Master of this earthly realm: Talon fingers, curling in on themselves.
80) 10) dialog: Our blessed Demon Rex! Praise be! A purple tongue, slithering over a steely sharp beak.
80) 11) dialog: For this is why you were called into being!
80) 13) dialog: You_are the ultimate and holy bioorganic sacrifice! Scooby points his thumb at himself, grinning widely, too excited for words. He can’t believe his good luck.
87) 0) text: Mondavarious sits on a sheet metal throne. Zarkos Superglues ceremonial stones to his sandals.
87) 4) dialog: Mm. You've retrieved the beatnik. Escort him to the belly. Not that it matters. By the witching hour they’11 all be in our camp anyhow.
100) 0) text: Fred watches Mondavarious use the key hanging from his belt to open the control station door. Shaggy gets in line beside him. He whispers:
101) 2) dialog: You’re the chosen one, Scooby-Doo!
102) 0) text: Mondavarious stands in the control station box, wearing ceremonial garb. He closes his eyes in prayer.
102) 1) dialog: Demon Rex, this eve your sweet servants gather in worshipful anticipation of your coming rule! Musicians drum. They play creepy, Dr. Seussian ancient instruments made of wood and metal. They chant.
110) 0) text: Mondavarious gazes up at the ceiling, grinning. A huge hole in the CEILING EXPLODES, bursting upward, directly over the Soul Stew.
114) 6) dialog: Lord, it’s an honor to meet you. I’m Mon --
114) 9) dialog: Yes, Lord, I... Mondavarious pushes the levers at the control station. The giant pincer rises into the air. (CONTINUED)
134) 24) dialog: You! You have eradicated a lifetime’s worth of work! Kill him, N’Goo! Snap his neck like the weasel he is! (CONTINUED)
134) 28) dialog: That mangy rodent? Ha! He’s a coward! Sniveling and shivering and shaking, like so much... Mondavarious and N’Goo hear a LOUD GROWLING. They turn. Scooby-Doo stands, haunched. The fur on his back is sticking up.. His fangs are exposed. He appears huge and frightening.
135) 0) text: Press bulbs flash on Mondavarious and N’Goo. They are handcuffed and thoroughly beaten-up. A throng of CORRESPONDENTS gathers around the gang. They stick their microphones in Fred’s face.