5) 1) text: reads, "TEENAGE SLEUTHS REVEAL BLACK KNIGHT GHOST AS HOAX." A photo pictures the Mystery, Incorporated gang: Shaggy Rogers, Fred Jones, Daphne Blake, Velma Dinkley, and the huge Great Dane, Scooby-Doo.
5) 44) dialog: Ren I’m rungry I reat Rooby Racks!
5) 48) dialog: Rooby rat rar rurry ren err--
5) 52) dialog: Ren I’m rungry Roob Racks --
5) 64) dialog: Rood-rye and rood riddance!
5) 69) dialog: Rello?
5) 71) dialog: Yeah, yeah. Rooby reaking.
5) 73) dialog: Rooky! ?
5) 75) dialog: Remons?! Scooby slams down the receiver, hanging up on Garret. He stares at it, fearfully. The PHONE RINGS again. Scooby picks it up, attempting a Spanish accent:
5) 76) dialog: Hola!?
5) 78) dialog: El robody-o rame-o el Roobido here. Scooby hangs up the phone again. He paces back and forth. Dog whines. Bites his nails. (CONTINUED)
5) 84) dialog: Robody.
6) 0) text: The Coolsville campus is nearly abandoned for spring break. A couple kids play Frisbee with a golden retriever. INT. GARRET ROGERS’ OFFICE PROFESSOR GARRET ROGERS weeps. He is a stout man with glasses too small for his bald skull. He sits in an ergonomic chair. A framed photo of Shaggy and Isabel, smiling with their arms slung over each other’s shoulders, is propped on his desk. Advanced degrees cover his walls. A nervous Scooby and Shaggy are seated with him. A tape recorder plays on his desk. (CONTINUED )
6) 26) dialog: Ro way! Garret pulls a bag of Scooby Snacks (TM) out of a vase.
6) 27) dialog: Rooby Racks?! Scooby rolls over on the carpet like a nincompoop. He knocks over an end table and lamp. Garret looks at Shaggy.
6) 31) dialog: Rokay! I’11 rill the remons!
6) 32) text: Scooby slashes the sword, growling ferociously.
6) 40) dialog: Re did it.
9) 0) text: Fred sits with Shaggy and Scooby. The yearbooks and a tape recorder are in front of him.
9) 13) dialog: Ralking relerons!
9) 15) dialog: Rankenrerries.
10) 15) dialog: I rid rat once.
11) 0) text: Scooby, Shaggy, Velma, and Fred cross the garden toward a dojo. Scooby is still writing in the notebook. A sign reads "TAI CHI ACADEMY."
12) 6) dialog: (to Fred) Re ras rinky.
15) 8) dialog: is having a heck of a time staying upright in high heels. Daphne helps him walk. His body wavers and jerks. A YOUNG BOY and his MOMMY pass Scooby. The Boy points.
15) 12) dialog: Rooby rockin’ good!? Velma won’t look directly at him.
15) 18) dialog: Rokay! Scooby puts his paw on Fred’s hand.
15) 19) dialog: Roo _ hoo!
15) 21) dialog: Rorry. Fred stares at the others, pumped up, grinning widely.
15) 24) dialog: Roo hoo?
16) 4) dialog: I’m a rittle old rady! The Clerk stares at him. Velma, behind Scooby, explains.
18) 0) text: College students abound, many of them tattooed punks and Goth rockers and hippies. Scooby, Shaggy, and Fred sit across the aisle from an upper crust coed. Scooby notices a cat in a Sherpa bag in the space at the feet of the coed. The CAT HISSES at him. Scooby, still dressed as the old lady, growls. His lip rolls up. The coed gives Scooby an uneasy look.
18) 4) dialog: Rorry. 7 Fred has hypno-wheel notes and diagrams on a tray in front of him. But he ignores them for a moment, staring longingly at Daphne, who sits a couple rows down.
19) 0) text: The gang and students descend a stairwell from the plane. Scooby tears away his disguise, and gazes out at: A cobblestone walkaway leads from the plane onto this eighth-rate Disneyland. Natives line the walkway. They vend skull key chains, T-shirts, and plastic leis formed to resemble intestines. LOUDSPEAKERS emit SCARY MUSIC.
21) 7) dialog: jumps into Shaggy’s arms, shivering.
21) 8) dialog: Remons!
21) 11) dialog: scream. This time Shaggy jumps in Scooby’s arms.
21) 19) dialog: Ro rastles!
21) 26) dialog: Ruh-uh!
21) 32) dialog: Rood?
22) 0) text: Four MOPEDS ZOOM uphill, ramping up into the air. Scooby and Shaggy share a moped. Scooby drives, exhilarated. Shaggy holds on for dear life.
23) 0) text: Velma, Daphne, and Fred SCREECH sideways to a stop, all in a clear line in front of the Disneyesque castle. Scooby tries to do the exact same thing, but his moped runs into the rest and they all fall down like dominoes.
24) 0) text: The gang stands on the castle porch. Velma presses a DOORBELL. It plays a CHEESY MELODY. Scooby and Shaggy are frightened. Fred is excited.
24) 6) dialog: Rhy re?
25) 2) dialog: Rive re another Rooby Rack!
26) 0) text: Daphne runs her fingers along the books on a long bookshelf, a combination of Grisham novels, self-help tomes by Fulghum, and withered volumes on occult subjects. Scooby, beside her, can see through a doorway into a kitchen. He pokes Shaggy, and they move toward it. (CONTINUED)
29) 0) text: Shaggy and Scooby are covered in food from the refrigerator and cabinets. Shaggy swallows a sardine, and burps. Scooby-Doo chuckles. He copies Shaggy, letting out a small burp. (CONTINUED)
29) 10) dialog: Rake a rood R-rirt.
31) 0) text: Zarkos and Mondavarious move swiftly down the hallway. They move past three large Ming vases. After they pass them, Daphne, Shaggy, and Scooby stick their heads out of them.
33) 0) text: Fred and Velma are on their mopeds as Scooby gets on his. Daphne rolls the Ming vase with Shaggy in it out the front door.
33) 13) dialog: Rorry. Scooby kick-STARTS his ENGINE. Beside his kickstand, a hole has been poked into the gas tank. Gas streams out.
34) 0) text: Fred, Velma, and Daphne zip by, down the steep hill. Shaggy and Scooby are behind them, but their moped is puttering and slowing. Finally, it stops.
38) 0) text: Scooby and Shaggy stand beside the dead moped.
38) 1) dialog: Re’re out of ras.
41) 0) text: Scooby-Doo and a bedraggled Shaggy wend their way up through the forest. Scooby trails a few feet behind. Eerie trees loom over them like phantoms.
43) 0) text: Scooby-Doo is here, chasing the frog in circles, trying to paw it. Shaggy looks behind him. The eyes are no longer there. (CONTINUED)
43) 3) dialog: Raggy, a rog! -
43) 5) dialog: Rhy? Scooby sees the flaming eyes appear over Shaggy’s head. Scooby-Doo screams at the top of his lungs. Shaggy sees the eyes. He screams. The frog sees the eyes. The frog screams. The frog hops into the brook.
44) 0) text: Shaggy and Scooby shriek like girls as they dash away. They spot the lit Holiday Inn as they make their way to the edge of the forest.
45) 0) text: Scooby yanks on the handle.
45) 1) dialog: It‘s rocked! They slam their fists on the door.
45) 2) dialog: Help! Open up! Relp! Scooby notices a BUZZER and intercom. He presses it.
45) 4) dialog: Ret rus in!
45) 6) dialog: Rs ns are in rill us!
46) 0) text: Shaggy and Scooby slam the door shut. They lock the door. They turn and see: Numerous students in the lobby, watching. Some are gathered on the second floor stairwell, looking down to see what all the commotion is about. The Metal Head and Velma are in front. Velma is sloshed.
47) 0) text: Scooby sits melancholily in a corner with cushy seats and a standing ashtray. Scooby enters, panicked.
47) 1) dialog: Red Red Red!
47) 3) dialog: Ronster raised re roo de rorest! (CONTINUED)
47) 8) dialog: Ronster! Rig! Ranted to real Rooby-Doo’s roull
48) 3) dialog: Raggagagyyyyyy ! Five screeching demons chase out of the bar after him. Shaggy looks around the room, realizing something.
49) 0) text: Scooby-Doo flies into the room behind the front desk. Visitors’ luggage is piled here, waiting to be brought to the proper room. Some demons pass through the hall behind him, unaware of him. Scooby digs through the suitcases, tossing one out of the way after the other. He arrives at an olive suitcase with flower stickers. He throws it open. It’s filled with brown corduroys and green shirts. He throws aside the clothes, searching in panic. Then he finds what he’s looking for. He smiles. It’s the pack of Scooby Snacks Garret gave him. Shrieking demons burst through the doorway behind him. Scooby tosses a comb at them. As you might imagine, this does little good. He clutches the Scooby Snack bag in his mouth. He barrels away.
54) 0) text: Scooby-Doo’s gargantuan body CRASHES majestically through the GLASS. Shaggy with Daphne flies out behind him. They plummet twenty feet. They land on a long awning overhanging the rear recreational area of the hotel. They slide down it, spinning, and are flung splashing into the hotel swimming pool. The demons leap out the open window after them. But they’re too heavy to slide down the awning. They tear through the fabric and land painfully on the hard concrete. Scooby and Shaggy and a walking Daphne pull themselves out of the pool. The demons are far behind them.
55) 0) text: Scooby and Shaggy are hidden behind a large boulder. They’re peeking around it. Daphne is pacing nervously. 57.
57) 0) text: Shaggy and Daphne blink themselves awake. Hardbitten LIEUTENANT RAIMONDO and fresh-faced OFFICER FITZGIBBON stand over them. Scooby is writing something on the rock.
58) 0) text: N’Goo, the Coast Guard, Shaggy, Scooby, and Daphne stand in the lobby. It is also in pristine condition. N’GOO At the time of midnight, the show begins here. The kids are hanging out. They are having the fun times. Then, all of the sudden: A "DEMON" bursts out of the closet. It’s a man of normal height in a worn, torn costume, a very poor approximation of the demons the night before. A zipper runs down its back. Its blinking red eyes are fashioned from Christmas lights.
58) 42) dialog: Good roint.
58) 47) dialog: I rad do go.
58) 51) dialog: Rut I’m not rired. -
58) 56) dialog: Red! INT. DEAD MIKE’S KITCHEN Scooby enters the twin doors. He sees Fred, Velma, Isabel, and some college students gathered around a small table eating cereal.
58) 58) dialog: Ricky rime? Shaggy enters behind Scooby-Doo. (CONTINUED)
58) 66) dialog: A ream? Velma looks over her shoulder at a confused Scooby-Doo.
58) 71) dialog: Momm ! Scooby grabs a piece. Shaggy yells at him from the floor.
58) 76) dialog: Rhy are Relma and Red in ruch a rad mood?
58) 78) dialog: Remons!? Scooby screams at the top of his lungs for a long time. Shaggy stares at him, nonplussed. They start to rise. They look up. Fred is slowly yanking them back up. Shaggy fishes in his pocket for something. He pulls out a Red Cross knife.
58) 80) dialog: Ro.
58) 82) text: Shaggy and Scooby submerge deep into the water.
58) 84) dialog: Roo rurt ry read.
58) 86) dialog: Rurt ry read.
58) 88) dialog: It ruts!
58) 90) dialog: You rew re off a riff!
58) 92) dialog: Rou’re a rittle raby.
58) 94) dialog: Rou are!
58) 98) dialog: Rhat?
58) 101) dialog: I rate roo! Scooby darts away from Shaggy, crying.
62) 0) text: A muddied Scooby-Doo crosses the forest. He hears:
62) 2) dialog: Raphre! Tears well up in Scooby’s eyes.
62) 3) dialog: Raggy rurt ry reelings! Daphne extends her hand toward Scooby.
63) 0) text: Shaggy continues to watch from behind the boulder pile. The Upper Crust Coed who sat next to Scooby on the plane appears in a doorway.
64) 0) text: Evil Daphne and her cohorts carry a bamboo pole with an upset Scooby-Doo tied upside down to it. He gulps. Evil Velma follows, overseeing things. They all sing:
67) 0) text: Daphne and the other demons carry Scooby on the bamboo pole into the staff door Isabel and Mandy sneaked into at the beginning of the film. Velma tails them. She leaves the door open behind her.
68) 0) text: The possessed humans carry Scooby down the corridor. They pass a few doorways. Velma spots a bright, streaking soul approaching. She hops ahead of the rest, into a small room. Ag they pass it, Velma surreptitiously yanks in the possessed Daphne. The rest of the humans walk by without noticing.
72) 0) text: Scooby-Do is using a white rock to scrawl a huge equation on the cavern wall. It reads: 12
72) 2) text: The Metal Head and two other possessed humans are playing a game at a folding table, using sinister-looking, octagonal cards. The Metal Head’s long locks are now a crew cut. Scooby catches his eye through the rusty metal bars between them. He points to the equation. The Metal head sees it and mellowly shakes his head now. Scooby looks around the murky dungeon. A mischievous look crosses his face; he has an idea. Scooby clutches his heart. He wheezes. He’s pretending to have a heart attack. (CONTINUED)
72) 5) dialog: Rikes! I’m rying! ‘The guards stare blankly at him from their seats as he stumbles back and forth melodramatically. Scooby flips onto his back. He gasps for air like a dying fish, raspy and without shame. Then he "dies." The possessed humans continue staring, unmoved. After a moment, Scooby squinches open one eye.
72) 7) dialog: I reary am dead rise rime.
72) 9) dialog: Rupid! . N’Goo opens the door beside the Metal Head. To Scooby: N’GOO Mr. Doo, Mondavarious will now be seeing you.
74) 0) text: N’goo opens a door. He leads Scooby into the room where Isabel was captured. Scooby is surprised by the craggy walls blanketed with Scooby-Doo memorabilia, photographs from his life, magazine articles, and so on. Mondavarious sits at a desk covered in gewgaws and clashing colors. He drinks a cup of tea.
74) 2) dialog: Rat‘’s re! He spots a photo of himself as a puppy with Shaggy.
74) 3) dialog: Rat’s re! Mondavarious indicates a table with velvet cloth draped over it.
76) 1) dialog: Reat-o! Mondavarious shows Scooby parts of the model.
76) 3) dialog: Srew. Mmmmn.
76) 8) dialog: Rhat’s dat?
78) 2) dialog: Raggy ralled re a roron.
80) 0) text: Mondavarious gestures to the Scooby paraphernalia around hin.
80) 2) dialog: Re? Rool! (CONTINUED)
80) 6) dialog: Yeah yeah!
80) 14) dialog: I’m a racririce?
85) 0) text: Humans adorn Scooby-Doo with garlands. They give him a manicure. A scantily clad woman feeds him Scooby Snacks as if they were grapes. He’s loving it. He sits ona _ gilded palanquin with a mattress and numerous pillows. He writes in a notebook, considering his newest equation: 12 +7 =a X2 n-2
91) 0) text: Shaggy emerges from the makeover parlor. He wears an Izod shirt, khakis, and penny loafers. His hair is short, moussed, and perfectly feathered back. His goatee’s gone. He looks around the corridor. Humans move past him. He sees the preparatory enclave down the hall, where a happy Scooby is alone for a moment. He walks toward it.
92) 0) text: Scooby sees Shaggy. His expression turns sour.
92) 2) dialog: I’m not ralking to rou. Rou ralled re a roron.
92) 4) dialog: I’m ron’t reed to relp rou.
92) 6) dialog: I ron’t rant to go! Rook! Rooby Racks! Scooby holds up his bag of Scooby Snacks. Shaggy automatically reaches for them. Scooby pulls them away. (CONTINUED)
92) 9) dialog: Rone for rou! Rey reat me riff respect! Unlike rou!
92) 11) dialog: Ruh-uh! Rou’re realous! Rey rove Rooby-Doo!} (proudly) I’m a racririce!
96) 0) text: whom we recognize from Garret’s photos, sits at a table in the library. She eyes a clock on the wall. She stands. Angel removes a talisman from her skirt. It is a stone image of the Magna Canis: Scooby-Doo.
101) 0) text: Zarkos enters the enclave. Shaggy sees a key sticking out of Zarkos’ pocket, just inches from his own face. He could grab it if he wanted. Scooby looks sad as memories travel through his mind:
109) 0) text: The entire cavern begins to tremble. Scooby gazes up at the ceiling.
109) 1) dialog: Ripes. 100.
112) 0) text: The Soul Stew rises behind a shivering Scooby. The soul heads form a swirling soul tube of SCREAMING HUMAN FACES. It twirls, twists, gaining speed, boring up through the hole, and toward the sky. Fred, Velma, and Shaggy watch the soul tube. TREMENDOUS WINDS BLOW throughout the cavern. The bottom of the tube lifts off of the metal vat: it bends outward, an open cavity aimed into the room.
116) 0) text: The pincer yanks Scooby-Doo’s soul out of his body. The Demon Rex opens Scooby’s mouth like a lion tamer with a lion. He grins to the crowd.
118) 0) text: Fred dodges the demons like a running back. Velma slides under a flying monkey sweeping down at her. Shaggy is fast, diving between creatures. Then the Scooby Rex lands powerfully in front of him. The Rex stabs his enormous face into Shaggy’s.
118) 1) dialog: Who invited you to my sweet sixteen?
120) 0) text: Shaggy falls to the floor. The Scooby Rex raises his paw over him, to squash him, then stops. He sees Zarkos falling into the pit.
120) 4) text: Zarkos’ key rests on the inside rim. Fred smiles. SCOOBY’S SOUL twisting in the tunnel, chuckles.
120) 6) dialog: looks down to squash Shaggy, but he is no longer there. He looks over and sees.
129) 0) text: Scooby-Doo’s Soul colorfully zooms across the cavern. SCOOBY’S SOUL Yeah yeah yeah! He splashes into his again normal-sized body, sparkling. In colorful bursts, the souls zip around a smiling Velma and Fred and out through the cavern’s halls.
129) 2) dialog: paws playfully at the bright balls zipping over his head.
129) 3) dialog: It's rootiful!
134) 11) dialog: Wanders nervously through the jubilation, looking for someone. He hears a voice behind him: (CONTINUED)
134) 15) dialog: Raggy! Scooby gallops toward Shaggy. He leaps, flying through the air. He lands on Shaggy’s chest, knocking him over.
134) 16) dialog: Rooby do good?!
134) 18) dialog: Rooby rot a ronon?
134) 20) dialog: Raggy roves Rooby again?!
134) 22) dialog: And Rooby roves Raggy! Scooby-Doo pins Shaggy there, licking his face. Shaggy laughs and protests the huge tongue, trying to stop it, but Scooby just can’t give his best friend enough love.
134) 29) dialog: Reave Raggy rarone. He barrels toward them. Mondavarious and N’Goo’s expressions drop. They scream. Scooby-Doo is a saber-tooth tiger leaping at his prey.
135) 28) dialog: Roh! Hee-rah! Everyone laughs. Not looking where he’s throwing his Scooby chops Shaggy in the face.
135) 30) dialog: Rorry. EXT. DAPHNE’S HOUSE - MOMENTS LATER The gang crosses the lawn, toward their cars. The Mystery Machine is in the driveway.
135) 32) dialog: Yeah yeah yeah! Ranks!
135) 40) dialog: Yeah yeah. Rell-o! Everyone stops and looks at him.
135) 44) dialog: Bye. Rye-rye! Fred steps into the Mystery Machine. Velma gets into her Dodge. Daphne walks toward the door.
136) 0) text: Shaggy and Scooby head down the sidewalk.
136) 20) dialog: Raggy. Dere’s no rocolate rudding ronster.
136) 22) dialog: Rooby-Dooby-Doo! Scooby and Shaggy hop into the van. They close the door.
136) 24) dialog: Rooby-Dooby-Doo!