5) 1) text: reads, "TEENAGE SLEUTHS REVEAL BLACK KNIGHT GHOST AS HOAX." A photo pictures the Mystery, Incorporated gang: Shaggy Rogers, Fred Jones, Daphne Blake, Velma Dinkley, and the huge Great Dane, Scooby-Doo.
5) 33) dialog: They like treated me like their personal slave. Finally I said, hey, I’m a detective!
5) 37) dialog: So I said, okay -- I detect that the only thing you’re good for is getting captured and tied up by bad guys! How’s that!?
5) 66) dialog: To paraphrase Johnny Mathis, I said, ‘Take this job and shove it!’ I mean, I like didn’t say it right then. But I thought of it later, and, boy, I wished I had. END CREDIT SEQUENCE. EXT. SHAGGY’S HOUSE - NIGHT Rain falls on this ramshackle, gray, suburban home. The lawn is overgrown. The roof is caving in. The gutter hangs. Duct tape keeps a cracked window in place. O.S., a PHONE RINGS. INT. SHAGGY’S KITCHEN A rotary phone sits on a counter crowded with dirty pots and pans. Drops of RAIN PLINK against a window behind it. The PHONE RINGS again. (CONTINUED)
5) 82) dialog: Scooby-Doo... where are you? Shaggy Rogers stumbles into the bedroom doorway. He is in his green T-shirt and tightie-whities. He scratches his butt. He squints to shut out the light. 7
5) 83) dialog: Who is it? Scooby quickly hangs up the phone, futilely hoping Shaggy won't notice.
5) 85) dialog: Come on, man. Like I just watched you on the phone. Scooby shakes his head, denying it. He’s a total liar. THUNDER CRACKS. The PHONE RINGS. Shaggy reaches for the phone. Scooby jumps to block him.
6) 0) text: The Coolsville campus is nearly abandoned for spring break. A couple kids play Frisbee with a golden retriever. INT. GARRET ROGERS’ OFFICE PROFESSOR GARRET ROGERS weeps. He is a stout man with glasses too small for his bald skull. He sits in an ergonomic chair. A framed photo of Shaggy and Isabel, smiling with their arms slung over each other’s shoulders, is propped on his desk. Advanced degrees cover his walls. A nervous Scooby and Shaggy are seated with him. A tape recorder plays on his desk. (CONTINUED )
6) 5) dialog: When’s Isabel supposed to get back?
6) 7) dialog: Maybe we should like wait until --
6) 9) dialog: What’s this?
6) 11) dialog: These yearbooks belong to the library! You could get in trouble for drawing on them! (CONTINUED)
6) 15) dialog: zoinks.
6) 17) dialog: It’s probably... a magic potion. Garret grips tightly to Shaggy’s forearm, breaking down. Fluids drip from his nose.
6) 19) dialog: Uncle Garret, stuff from your nose is touching my arm!! Shaggy yanks his arm away.
6) 20) dialog: I don’t know how to do a mystery --
6) 22) dialog: Yeah, but I wasn’t, you know, like paying attention! (CONTINUED)
6) 28) dialog: He’s doing tricks. That’s rolling over. Scooby unsheathes a display sword from the wall over the desk. He pretends to repeatedly stab himself by jabbing the sword in his armpit. He falls onto his back.
6) 29) dialog: Playing dead.
6) 33) dialog: Uncle Garret, Fred and Velma figured out everything. I was just the guy that carried their bags.
6) 37) dialog: We haven’t spoken in two years.
6) 39) dialog: OQw!! Why are you playing with a sword?! Scooby points at Garret.
6) 41) dialog: No, he didn’t! I was looking at him!
9) 0) text: Fred sits with Shaggy and Scooby. The yearbooks and a tape recorder are in front of him.
9) 2) dialog: So you’1l go with us?
9) 4) dialog: But what about these pictures?
9) 8) dialog: Or a magic potion.
9) 10) dialog: Like you’re leaving out the proven entities, right?
9) 12) dialog: Leprechauns.
9) 14) dialog: Yeah, walking skeletons.
9) 16) dialog: Right, Fr -- No, Scoob. Frankenberry’s a guy on a cereal box. (to Fred) Right? He’s not a real guy, is he? Fred is struck by an idea.
9) 18) dialog: Those red-and-white twirly things that make you act like a chicken?
9) 22) dialog: Think of it, Fred! That’d be the kind of thing that could get a guy, like, global press. Right?
10) 0) text: Velma sits in the parked van with Shaggy and Fred.
10) 6) dialog: He’s still miffed you called him a moron when we were breaking up.
10) 16) dialog: Don’t remind me, Scoob! Velma sits, saying nothing, staring forward.
11) 0) text: Scooby, Shaggy, Velma, and Fred cross the garden toward a dojo. Scooby is still writing in the notebook. A sign reads "TAI CHI ACADEMY."
12) 8) dialog: Clingy. He said you were clingy.
15) 1) dialog: expertly plays a fifty cent crane machine. The grabber grips a stuffed dragon. Shaggy guides it into the slot. Hoots triumphantly. Spots Fred.
15) 2) dialog: Fred! Check out all these things I wont! Pred eyes a pile of stuffed creatures beside Shaggy. (CONTINUED)
15) 6) dialog: Disguising Scooby. Like, ‘cause if he has to ride in a kennel he gets all claustrophobic. Fred, horrified, sees something down the hall behind Shag.
15) 16) dialog: What? -
15) 23) dialog: People are watching. Velma shakes her head a little and grimaces. The three of them walk away. Fred and Scooby stand alone, their fake smiles fading, their hands on top of each other.
18) 0) text: College students abound, many of them tattooed punks and Goth rockers and hippies. Scooby, Shaggy, and Fred sit across the aisle from an upper crust coed. Scooby notices a cat in a Sherpa bag in the space at the feet of the coed. The CAT HISSES at him. Scooby, still dressed as the old lady, growls. His lip rolls up. The coed gives Scooby an uneasy look.
18) 1) dialog: (sotto voce) Scooby, cut it out. Scooby stops. (CONTINUED)
18) 5) dialog: You still have like a thing for her, don’t you? Fred looks at him.
18) 6) dialog: Daphne.
18) 8) dialog: Then what’s this? Shaggy points to some doodles next to Fred’s notes: hearts that read "Fred + Daphne 4ever," and the like, and poorly-drawn pictures of Daphne. Fred scrambles and shuts it.
18) 10) dialog: Scooby!
20) 5) dialog: It’s okay, Scoob. They’re only machines. (CONTINUED)
21) 11) dialog: scream. This time Shaggy jumps in Scooby’s arms.
21) 16) dialog: Oh. Hal! Holograph! Shaggy and Scooby giggle and poke each other for being fraidy cats. Daphne is showing the moped rental guy the picture of Isabel. He shakes his head. She turns towards the others.
21) 20) dialog: We don’t do castles!
21) 22) dialog: Because castles have paintings with eyes that watch you and knight’s armor that’s a statue but there’s a guy inside who follows you every time you turn around!
21) 24) dialog: Twelve! I’m not gonna do it.
21) 30) dialog: No_way!
21) 33) dialog: You think it has food? Because I didn’t, you know, eat any dinner.
22) 0) text: Four MOPEDS ZOOM uphill, ramping up into the air. Scooby and Shaggy share a moped. Scooby drives, exhilarated. Shaggy holds on for dear life.
22) 1) dialog: Slow down, Scooby! I think a little pee just came out of me!
24) 0) text: The gang stands on the castle porch. Velma presses a DOORBELL. It plays a CHEESY MELODY. Scooby and Shaggy are frightened. Fred is excited.
24) 2) dialog: No one’s here. Let’s go. (CONTINUED)
24) 8) dialog: Will you it for a Scooby snack? Scooby brightens. He opens his mouth wide. Shaggy throws one up in the air and Scooby catches it. Scooby gags. The snack is caught in his throat. A panicked Shaggy gives him the Heimlich maneuver. Daphne, fed up, turns the doorknob herself. It’s open. She walks inside. Scooby coughs up the snack. It propels into a small moat.
25) 1) dialog: Zoinks. Not quite what I expected.
25) 3) dialog: The rest are in my suitcase. Scooby makes a face as if Shaggy killed his mother.
26) 0) text: Daphne runs her fingers along the books on a long bookshelf, a combination of Grisham novels, self-help tomes by Fulghum, and withered volumes on occult subjects. Scooby, beside her, can see through a doorway into a kitchen. He pokes Shaggy, and they move toward it. (CONTINUED)
29) 0) text: Shaggy and Scooby are covered in food from the refrigerator and cabinets. Shaggy swallows a sardine, and burps. Scooby-Doo chuckles. He copies Shaggy, letting out a small burp. (CONTINUED)
29) 3) dialog: Ha! You asked for it! Shaggy sticks his butt to the side. He works hard at pushing out a long, uneven-sounding FART. Daphne enters the kitchen doorway behind Shaggy, holding Daemon Ritus. Shaggy doesn’t see her. Scooby slices his finger across his throat in a "cut it out" gesture.
29) 4) dialog: I don’t think so! I’m not stopping till all your fur is singed off! Shaggy cracks up as he continues to pass an inhuman amount of gas. Scooby pointing surreptitiously behind Shaggy. Shaggy, still laughing and farting, looks behind him Daphne stares at him. Shaggy’s smile disappears. His FART STOPS mid-sound.
29) 6) dialog: Yeah. Right. That wasn’t me... That was, um, the, um... plumbing? Scooby cracks up.
29) 11) dialog: Yeah! It would make a good T- shirt.
29) 13) dialog: Oooh! Rool! Whoa!
29) 15) dialog: Yeah, but you put like, you know, a band name over it. They hear a DOOR UNLOCKING.
31) 0) text: Zarkos and Mondavarious move swiftly down the hallway. They move past three large Ming vases. After they pass them, Daphne, Shaggy, and Scooby stick their heads out of them.
31) 4) dialog: I’m stuck! Scooby runs away. Daphne tries to pull Shaggy out, but is unable.
33) 0) text: Fred and Velma are on their mopeds as Scooby gets on his. Daphne rolls the Ming vase with Shaggy in it out the front door.
33) 8) dialog: What’s she doing?! I think-she’s gonna hit me!
33) 10) dialog: Thanks, Daph. Daphne smiles. Nods. Straddles her moped.
33) 12) dialog: Scooby, you totally abandoned me!
34) 0) text: Fred, Velma, and Daphne zip by, down the steep hill. Shaggy and Scooby are behind them, but their moped is puttering and slowing. Finally, it stops.
38) 0) text: Scooby and Shaggy stand beside the dead moped.
38) 2) dialog: I guess we like have to walk, man. We better hope we don’t have fresh, young souls, Scoob! Shaggy laughs loudly. Scooby snickers with vigor. Shaggy laughs a little quieter. Scooby laughs quieter. Shaggy stops laughing. Scooby does too. Shaggy’s mouth is a flat line. Scooby is also not amused. INT. DAPHNE’S HOLIDAY INN ROOM Daphne unpacks her suitcase, which lies open on her bed. (CONTINUED)
41) 0) text: Scooby-Doo and a bedraggled Shaggy wend their way up through the forest. Scooby trails a few feet behind. Eerie trees loom over them like phantoms.
41) 1) dialog: My bones are aching. My feet are tired. And my soul is guessing it’s past midnight. Heh. (CONTINUED)
41) 4) dialog: You know what I’m saying, Scoob? Shaggy turns toward Scooby. He’s not there.
41) 5) dialog: Scoob?
42) 0) text: Shaggy maneuvers between trees and into the darker woods.
42) 1) dialog: Scooby-Doo, where are you?! BUSHES RUSTLE beside Shaggy. Relieved, he moves toward the RUSTLING.
42) 2) dialog: Like, what are you doing, man? You’re always messing around, when we're supposed to -- Shaggy separates the branches. Instead of Scoob, he sees: SHAGGY’S POV A humongous slit pair of eyes in the darkness, a striking combination of flesh, flames, and black embers.
43) 0) text: Scooby-Doo is here, chasing the frog in circles, trying to paw it. Shaggy looks behind him. The eyes are no longer there. (CONTINUED)
43) 4) dialog: Go!
44) 0) text: Shaggy and Scooby shriek like girls as they dash away. They spot the lit Holiday Inn as they make their way to the edge of the forest.
45) 10) dialog: Yes, we're sorry. We apologize. We've been bad -- but let us in, you pinhead, it’s about to tear our fresh, young souls from our bodies!
46) 0) text: Shaggy and Scooby slam the door shut. They lock the door. They turn and see: Numerous students in the lobby, watching. Some are gathered on the second floor stairwell, looking down to see what all the commotion is about. The Metal Head and Velma are in front. Velma is sloshed.
46) 3) dialog: Velma, it’s a demon!
46) 7) dialog: That’s a pretty good theory except for one thing. What?
46) 8) dialog: They have fire instead of eyes! Velma clutches the Metal Head’s shoulder, about to cry.
46) 10) dialog: We need a plan! How ‘bout we... like, we fashion, like, a giant crossbow out of the strings of that -- that grand piano...
46) 12) dialog: Baby grand, right... And a, like... Shaggy spies a tall, upright halogen lamp.
46) 13) dialog: A halogen lamp as an arrow! The Metal Head looks at him like he’s an idiot.
48) 4) dialog: We don’t have enough halogen lamps! We don’t have enough halogen lamps at all! Demons smash furniture and pick up college students. Some demons breathe a green mist on the students, a kind of gas that promptly knocks the students unconscious. Others slam students against the walls, a quicker job of it. They fling the unconscious youths over their shoulders. They move onto the next victim. Velma runs her fingers over the carpet, searching for her specs.
50) 3) dialog: Shbh. (whispering, pointing downstairs) Demons eating people.
50) 7) dialog: We'll jump out the window. - Shaggy totters to the window.
50) 10) dialog: Window’s out.
50) 11) dialog: walks to the front door. He opens it and peeks outside.
50) 13) dialog: closes the door.
50) 14) dialog: That way’s no good either. Shaggy notices some suitcase straps on the bed. Picks one up. Begins typing it.
50) 16) dialog: I’1l make two nooses. We’1ll hang you first. I’11 make sure you're dead. This way like at least they won’t get our souls.
52) 0) text: Daphne slams the door shut, locking it. She’s speechless. Shaggy nods and smiles in understanding. A demon’s arm SMASHES through the WINDOW. The other demon kicks in the front door. Daphne back-flips next to the doors that lead from room to room. She opens the first door.
52) 1) dialog: Daphne! No! Grab a noose! Those doorways are only open on one side! Daphne grabs the knob to the second door. She swings it open. It’ Fred’s room.
53) 3) dialog: Scooby? What are you do -- ? Tens of demons rush up the stairwell behind Scooby. Shaggy, carrying Daphne, and Scooby run down the hall together. The horde of SCREECHING DEMONS chases them. A window is at the end of the hall. Scooby leaps toward the window.
54) 0) text: Scooby-Doo’s gargantuan body CRASHES majestically through the GLASS. Shaggy with Daphne flies out behind him. They plummet twenty feet. They land on a long awning overhanging the rear recreational area of the hotel. They slide down it, spinning, and are flung splashing into the hotel swimming pool. The demons leap out the open window after them. But they’re too heavy to slide down the awning. They tear through the fabric and land painfully on the hard concrete. Scooby and Shaggy and a walking Daphne pull themselves out of the pool. The demons are far behind them.
55) 0) text: Scooby and Shaggy are hidden behind a large boulder. They’re peeking around it. Daphne is pacing nervously. 57.
55) 2) dialog: They can’t see us. I guess we’re safe for the time being.
55) 4) dialog: That’s sort of like my plan, which was get the heck out of here and let the demons eat Fred and Velma. Scooby opens his bag of Scooby Snacks (TM). The bag is filled with water. He chews one and gets a sour expression. He looks at Shaggy, who is dialing his cell phone.
55) 5) dialog: You can’t eat those. They’re soaked in chlorine. This upsets Scooby. A single tear falls down his face.
55) 7) dialog: Calling the cops.
55) 9) dialog: Daphne, you just were the damsel in distress. I saved you.
55) 14) dialog: (into phone) - I‘d like to report like a kidnapping. (to Daphne) Get some rest. We’1ll wait here. Scooby eats his Scooby Snacks with a disgusted look on his face, weeping.
57) 0) text: Shaggy and Daphne blink themselves awake. Hardbitten LIEUTENANT RAIMONDO and fresh-faced OFFICER FITZGIBBON stand over them. Scooby is writing something on the rock.
57) 8) dialog: Like last night there were thése demons here and they like smashed up the hotel! Raimondo looks beyond the boulder at the Holiday Inn. It’s in perfect condition. The shattered windows, smashed doors, and tattered awnings are now new and clean. Shaggy stares at it in shock. He moves toward it.
57) 10) dialog: They must have, like, come back and cleaned it up. They were like eighteen feet tall!
57) 12) dialog: And they had eyes that were fire! Write that down. A wholesome couple, happy and in perfect condition, walk out of the hotel. Shaggy and Daphne stare, unnerved.
57) 15) dialog: And every other guest here... except... I guess... those two. Another twenty students emerge from the hotel, laughing, prepared for a day of fun in the sun. All the students -- once punks, burnouts, and hippies -- are now clean- cut. Daphne, Shaggy, and Scooby are shocked. N’Goo, the albino, approaches the Coast Guard. (CONTINUED)
58) 0) text: N’Goo, the Coast Guard, Shaggy, Scooby, and Daphne stand in the lobby. It is also in pristine condition. N’GOO At the time of midnight, the show begins here. The kids are hanging out. They are having the fun times. Then, all of the sudden: A "DEMON" bursts out of the closet. It’s a man of normal height in a worn, torn costume, a very poor approximation of the demons the night before. A zipper runs down its back. Its blinking red eyes are fashioned from Christmas lights.
58) 5) dialog: But... like... that isn’t what happened... like at all! They weren’t bad actors in costumes!
58) 7) dialog: These guys have zippers on their backs! N‘GOO Yes, but in the darkness of night... oh ho!
58) 8) dialog: Last night they were... big! N‘GOO (to Raimondo) One of our actors, Stuart, is not here today. He is six-foot-three. You don’t want to meet him in a dark alley. (CONTINUED)
58) 11) dialog: They had teeth... they breathed The "Demon" presses a bulb under his arm and a green spray sprays out of a tube on his chin. Raimondo returns his notebook to his pocket. He gives Shaggy a hard stare and speaks to Fitzgibbon.
58) 22) dialog: Zoinks! They’ve been brainwashed! The demons have a hypno-wheel!
58) 24) dialog: Wait! Shaggy notices a pretty young woman beyond Raimondo. She’s clapping and singing along with Fred and Velma.
58) 25) dialog: Isabel?! Isabel turns toward him. Her hair is now straight down and conservative. Her makeup is tasteful eye shadow. Her clothes are a colorful sweater-skirt combination.
58) 27) dialog: You're here?! Why’d you leave that phone message?! (CONTINUED)
58) 31) dialog: What happened to your hair? Your clothes?
58) 33) dialog: Wait here, okay?! Just wait! INT. DEAD MIKE’S WOMEN’S REST ROOM - MOMENTS LATER Daphne stares at herself in the bathroom mirror. The faucet is running.
58) 38) dialog: Listen! There’s something wrong with this place! You have to take all of us with you off this island! Fitzgibbon speaks into a walkie-talkie.
58) 40) dialog: If you knew Fred and Velma or my cousin, you’d know that that was even weirder than eighteen-foot demons! Like, who says ‘Golly- wolly’?
58) 46) dialog: Scooby! Scooby shrugs.
58) 52) dialog: Sleep, Scoob. Like what happened to Scrappy. Scooby yelps and bites his nails. Shaggy stops following them. He watches them go. He grudgingly starts back toward the bar.
58) 55) dialog: Yipes. Where’d everybody go? Scooby sees Fred THROUGH a small window on the kitchen door. He bounds toward the doors.
58) 62) dialog: How could those be costumes? Fred, where’s your ascot?! Velma, you’re wearing makeup!
58) 72) dialog: Forget the sandwich! Get out of here! Scooby sees the horde nearing him. He leaps off the counter toward the fire exit. He slams through it. The FIRE ALARM SOUNDS. EXT. CLIFF BEHIND DEAD MIKE’S Scooby runs out onto a small area of grassland. The rear of Dead Mike’s sits directly on the end of an enormous cliff, hundreds of yards up from the rocky ocean. Scooby almost runs off it. He turns to see his possessed friends circling him. He stands on his hind legs, trapped. INT. DEAD MIKE’S KITCHEN Shaggy can see out the open door, where the possessed humans approach Scooby. He searches around the room.
58) 73) dialog: Oh boy oh boy. Oh boy. Oh... Shaggy looks at a wall phone. It has a very long cord. He snatches the receiver off the hook. He ties the cord around his waist. Shaggy takes a deep breath. He darts outside. 69. EXT. CLIFF BEHIND DEAD MIKE’S Shaggy runs between the possessed humans.
58) 74) dialog: Hold on, Scoob! Shaggy grabs Scooby and jumps with him off the edge of the cliff. Scooby clamps onto Shaggy. They fall, screaming, for a bit (it’s an extraordinarily long phone cord). Then they snap to a sudden stop. Shaggy and Scooby peer down at the waves crashing up against the rocky cliffs. They swing back and forth.
58) 75) dialog: This stinks. Scooby gazes up at the red-eyed humans, growling.
58) 77) dialog: That’s not a bad mood, Scooby! They’re like demons!
58) 79) dialog: Remember when we took those diving lessons, Scoob? Shaggy starts to cut the phone cord.
58) 81) dialog: No?! The cord is cut. Shaggy and Scooby scream as they fall. Scooby plummets, spinning in the air, trying to get his bearings. Finally, he does; he dives straight down. Shaggy and Scooby hit the ocean. 70.
58) 82) text: Shaggy and Scooby submerge deep into the water.
58) 85) dialog: I what?!
58) 87) dialog: You know, Scoob, that’s the type of thing that pisses -- that’s like a little bit like not grateful, don’t you think?
58) 89) dialog: I just saved your life, man!
58) 91) dialog: I went back for you! Which is unlike -- I’11 tell you this, man -- very unlike what you did when I got stuck in that vase. You just ran away like a little baby!
58) 93) dialog: You are!
58) 95) dialog: Shut up, Scooby. Velma’s right. You are a moron. Scooby is very hurt by this. (CONTINUED)
58) 99) dialog: You heard me. Scooby, tears in his eyes, picks up a handful of sand and throws it at Shaggy.
58) 100) dialog: Hey!
58) 102) dialog: Scooby! Scooby disappears into the forest. Shaggy spots thick metal cables running along the shoreline. They lead into a dark hole in a mountainside.
58) 103) dialog: Hypno-wheel. (into woods) Scooby, while you’re in there moping I’m going to see where these cables go!
59) 0) text: Shaggy follows the metal cables into a short hole in the side of the cavern. He crawls into the hole.
60) 0) text: Shaggy can barely see. We hear a SCREAM. He stands beside doorways lining the wall, similar to where Isabel was in the beginning of the film. He uses his hand to follow the cables on the ground. Suddenly, he. falls, sliding down an incline and into a gushing stream. Shaggy tries to stay above water, looking up to the hole above him.
60) 1) dialog: Scooby! He drifts through a dark cavity leading into a cavern. 72.
61) 0) text: The stream ends in a pool in this cavern belly, which is hundreds of yards in diameter and hundreds of yards high. Shaggy stops by a boulder pile beside the pool. He crawls to his knees. He spots the metal cables emerging from the pool. He peeks around the corner of the boulder pile to see where they lead. He spies something horrible: Raimondo, Fitzgibbon, and a few students are strapped by weathered leather straps and metal buckles into rectangular wooden slabs in the upright vertical position. Nine such slabs encircle the room. A hideous demon stands beside each of the slabs. Raimondo struggles against the straps.
63) 0) text: Shaggy continues to watch from behind the boulder pile. The Upper Crust Coed who sat next to Scooby on the plane appears in a doorway.
63) 2) dialog: zZoinks.
63) 4) dialog: notices Velma’s Soul, circling. VELMA’S SOUL Shaggy! Give me a hand! Get me out of here! It circles up and away from Shaggy and then swings back around again.
63) 5) dialog: How?! VELMA’S SOUL Don’t tell me all those years of video games haven’t given you eye- hand coordination! Shaggy fearfully, yet with amazing reflexes, plunges his hand in the vat and snatches up Velma’s Soul. He holds it up. She’s dizzy. VELMA’S SOUL Oh, man. (CONTINUED)
63) 8) dialog: Fred said it was a hypno-wheel! I would have never come if I knew there was a thing that pulled a you out of you and put a mean thing inside of it! VELMA’S SOUL Stop with the technical jargon.
63) 9) dialog: What?! VELMA’S SOUL Get the others. They should be on the top layer, since we were the last ones put in there.
63) 10) dialog: What about you? VELMA’S SOUL If my instincts are correct, just let me go. We’1ll meet you on the beach at the base of the mountain.
63) 11) dialog: Let go? Velma nods. Shaggy, unsure, releases her soul. She shoots away in a dazzling trichromatic streak of light and out of the cavern.
65) 0) text: Shaggy snatches another soul out of the vat. It’s’a MAN’S SOUL. MAN’S SOUL You’ve saved me! Thank you! Thank you so much!
65) 1) dialog: Sorry, I’m, uh, looking for my friend. Shaggy stuffs the Man’s Soul back into the stew. He grabs another. It’s FRED’S SOUL. Shaggy holds it upside down by its wispy spinal tail. Fred is, to say the least, rattled.
65) 3) dialog: Shhhi FRED’S SOUL Talk me down, pal! I’m having a ‘bummer’ !
65) 4) dialog: Sbh. A demon took over your body. FRED’S SOUL A ‘demon’? Shaggy, cut the superstitious claptrap! At the end of every paranormal claim there are only fools seeking fame, paranoid -- (CONTINUED)
65) 7) dialog: Fred, you’re a frigging see- ~ through protoplasmic head! Shaggy looks around, afraid someone heard.
65) 8) dialog: Sorry... Shhh... Um... bye? FRED’S SOUL What? Shaggy releases Fred’s Soul. It flies off in a colorful streak. INT. FRED’S HOTEL BATHROOM The possessed Fred is in the steamed-up shower, sponging himself and singing along to the song on the radio, TEARS FOR FEARS "Everybody Wants to Rule the World." Fred’s SOUL WHOOSHES into the bathroom. It smacks against the shower door and bounces off. FRED’S SOUL ow! Unable to get in the shower, it flies out of the bathroom. INT. FRED’S HOTEL ROOM Fred’s Soul ricochets around the hotel room. FRED’S SOUL Ow!... Owl... Owl... Ow! Then it bounces out the open window.
66) 0) text: Shaggy yanks DAPHNE’S SOUL out of the vat. She’s pissed. DAPHNE’S SOUL Put me back, Shaggy! I don’t want to be saved again! I’11 figure a way out myself!
66) 1) dialog: Like, how? (CONTINUED)
71) 0) text: Shaggy leans over the vat, searching futilely,.
71) 1) dialog: Isabel?... Isabel?... Shoot! Shaggy hears something at the doorway. Zarkos enters the room. He doesn’t see Shaggy tiptoeing, disappearing through a passageway behind him.
73) 0) text: Shaggy steps out of the hole and onto the beach. He looks up and sees Fred, Velma, and Daphne standing, waiting for him. He stops, staring at them with resigned trepidation.
73) 1) dialog: Tell me you’re you.
73) 6) dialog: You’re you.
73) 8) dialog: She, like, must have been at the bottom of the pot. I couldn’t see her. Where’s Scooby? They can’t look at him in the eye.
73) 9) dialog: What?
75) 2) dialog: Oh, right. Shaggy removes the wet pages from his pocket. He hands them to Velma. She looks at them. The gang gathers ‘round. Shaggy looks regretful.
75) 3) dialog: I shouldn’t‘ve yelled at Scooby.
81) 0) text: Shaggy, Fred, Velma and Daphne are in shock. (CONTINUED)
81) 6) dialog: Well, come on, like, let’s go!
81) 8) dialog: You know, to save Scooby and Isabel!
81) 10) dialog: Well, I’m going to go save them. With or without the rest of you.
81) 12) dialog: I’m totally serious! What's happened to us?! We’re supposed to be heroes!
81) 14) dialog: I was so scared when Chickenstein jumped at me out of that coffin I let loose a little dirt in my drawers -- blamed the smell on Scoob -- but still I went back for Daphne! (CONTINUED)
81) 18) dialog: They’ve all been real to me, man!
84) 3) dialog: What about me? What should I do? Fred smiles, he remembers something:
84) 9) dialog: Mondavarious and Zarkos both have one. Fred nods. He puts his hand out in the center of the group. Shaggy puts his hand on his. Daphne puts her hand on Shaggy’s. Velma puts her hand on all of theirs.
86) 0) text: Fred and Velma, wearing huge backpacks, are pretending to be demons. They each grip one of Shaggy’s arms, as if he’s their prisoner. Shaggy is scared witless.
86) 1) dialog: Like, all right, you guys were right! Let’s forget this!
86) 3) dialog: (to Velma) We can’t fool anybody! You don’t look like a demon! (to Fred) And neither do -- Fred has adapted a freaky glassy-eyed stare.
86) 4) dialog: Hey, cut that out!
86) 6) dialog: It’s spooky enough in here without you making that face -- They turn a corner of the passageway and come to --
87) 1) dialog: Ah! (CONTINUED)
89) 0) text: Velma, Fred and Shaggy venture into the enormous cavern. A DEMON stands beside one of the slabs, waiting to inhabit Shaggy’s body. Shaggy whispers through clenched teeth.
89) 1) dialog: This, like, isn’t cool! How are you going to get rid of that guy? Fred and Velma each draw two high-powered flashlights, one in each hand. They point the flashlights at the Demon. Four small beams appear on the monster. His skin smokes.
89) 4) dialog: That’1l -- that’1ll work. (CONTINUED)
89) 8) dialog: There? Me? Why?
89) 10) dialog: I‘m like not an actor! I don’t know how to like get all looking like a demon looks!
90) 0) text: The possessed Raimondo and the Upper Crust Coed are in this room, a dark H.R. Giger beauty salon, replete with mirrors, hair goop galore, reptilian appliances, etc. Shaggy smiles uncomfortably, not knowing what to say. Raimondo shoves him into the chair. He speaks to Shaggy:
90) 2) dialog: I‘d like to practice the form of ‘English, uh, thing known as a -- a question?
90) 6) dialog: Um... how do you tell the - difference between a demon in a human’s body, and a human in a human’s body?
91) 0) text: Shaggy emerges from the makeover parlor. He wears an Izod shirt, khakis, and penny loafers. His hair is short, moussed, and perfectly feathered back. His goatee’s gone. He looks around the corridor. Humans move past him. He sees the preparatory enclave down the hall, where a happy Scooby is alone for a moment. He walks toward it.
92) 0) text: Scooby sees Shaggy. His expression turns sour.
92) 1) dialog: Scooby. They turned me into a total geek!
92) 3) dialog: I’m sorry, Scooby. You’re my best friend, and I shouldn’t’ve... But we need your help.
92) 5) dialog: That’s the only way we can get you out of here!
92) 10) dialog: They’re fooling you, Scoob!
92) 12) dialog: A sacrifice? That’s a -- Shaggy sees a trio of humans approaching. He whispers:
92) 13) dialog: The wrestler has a gold key! Get it if you can! Put it, I don’t know, under this mattress! Scooby just stares at him. The possessed humans push Shaggy out of the room.
100) 0) text: Fred watches Mondavarious use the key hanging from his belt to open the control station door. Shaggy gets in line beside him. He whispers:
100) 1) dialog: I found Scooby. I told him to put the key under his mattress.
100) 3) dialog: Yeah. But I don’t know if he’s going to... oh, and another thing: don’t sweat.
100) 5) dialog: Demons in human bodies don’t sweat.
100) 7) dialog: Sure you can.
100) 9) dialog: I just, like, say, ‘Shaggy, man, don’t sweat.’
100) 13) dialog: I can. - (pointing at Fred’s hairline) Uh oh. I think that’s a little bit of sweat right there.
101) 0) text: Zarkos enters the enclave. Shaggy sees a key sticking out of Zarkos’ pocket, just inches from his own face. He could grab it if he wanted. Scooby looks sad as memories travel through his mind:
101) 1) dialog: Velma’s right. You are a moron.
101) 3) dialog: I’m sorry, Scoob. You’re my best friend. Zarkos looks at the trio of possessed humans.
102) 5) dialog: Ba bingam tom anani feet -.. Yah set la banani Ree kimio an rako ling Cha la ba kimo yeah la? This is what we demons This is the thing that sing! we say.
112) 0) text: The Soul Stew rises behind a shivering Scooby. The soul heads form a swirling soul tube of SCREAMING HUMAN FACES. It twirls, twists, gaining speed, boring up through the hole, and toward the sky. Fred, Velma, and Shaggy watch the soul tube. TREMENDOUS WINDS BLOW throughout the cavern. The bottom of the tube lifts off of the metal vat: it bends outward, an open cavity aimed into the room.
114) 13) dialog: It was supposed to happen already! Mondavarious guides the pincer into Scooby’s chest as Scooby whimpers.
118) 0) text: Fred dodges the demons like a running back. Velma slides under a flying monkey sweeping down at her. Shaggy is fast, diving between creatures. Then the Scooby Rex lands powerfully in front of him. The Rex stabs his enormous face into Shaggy’s.
120) 0) text: Shaggy falls to the floor. The Scooby Rex raises his paw over him, to squash him, then stops. He sees Zarkos falling into the pit.
120) 7) text: standing at the control station. Fred tosses the key. It spins over the heads of the demons. Shaggy catches it. He goes to unlock the control station door.
122) 5) dialog: shoves Mondavarious out of the way. The control station controls are identical to the arcade crane controls at the airport. Shaggy confidently thrust a lever to the side. The pincer swoops over in front of the Scooby Rex.
122) 6) dialog: It’s one thing that you wanted to take over the world. The pincer jabs into a disconcerted Scooby Rex’s chest. it twists.
122) 7) dialog: But you shouldn’t have messed -- Shaggy wrenches the Demon Rex out of Scooby-Doo’ body. He swings the Demon Rex into the bottom of the soul tube.
122) 8) dialog: -- with my pet! Shaggy opens the pincer. The Demon Rex flies screaming into the tube, upward toward the sky. He is unable to grip onto the sides with his talons.
134) 0) text: Everyone in the cavern is standing. Velma gives Shaggy a big bear hug. Someone taps him on the back. He turns to see Isabel. She’s crying.
134) 2) dialog: Izzy! Shaggy and Isabel embrace.
134) 14) dialog: Scooby! Scooby turns, tongue wagging, legs splayed.
134) 17) dialog: Yes, you did!
134) 19) dialog: Like, not at all, buddy.
134) 21) dialog: I always did.
134) 23) dialog: Ha hal Cut it out, Scoob! N‘GOO appears over Shaggy. A nearly-sobbing Mondavarious is by N‘Goo’s side. Scooby-Doo gulps, and, just like he did when Shaggy was stuck in the vase, he starts to run away. N‘Goo grabs Shaggy’s neck. He lifts him off the floor.
134) 27) dialog: Scoob...
135) 22) dialog: Groovy! (CONTINUED)
135) 27) dialog: Daphne got cast as the lead in the new action flick, Mean Hard Revenge II. Scooby-Doo does some kung-fu moves.
135) 29) dialog: Ow!
135) 37) dialog: Oh, like, nothing much. Scooby and me, we just got a, you know, mysterious call.
135) 39) dialog: I don’t know. They said they were from the Jell-O pudding factory and there were some sort of sightings of, like, a Jell-o Chocolate Pudding monster. Then they hung up.
135) 43) dialog: See ya! So long, folks.
136) 0) text: Shaggy and Scooby head down the sidewalk.
136) 6) dialog: Like, it’s probably just a man in a mas--
136) 9) dialog: That’s exactly what Scooby said! Scooby-Doo gives Fred the thumbs-up. Velma pulls out a cell phone. Dials it.
136) 13) dialog: Sure. Fred claps. The gang moves toward the Mystery Machine. (CONTINUED)
136) 21) dialog: Like, no, Scooby, there isn’t. But, they all looked, like, sad. After all, it’s better than chasing nothing with your friends, than to chase something with no one at all. Scooby smiles. He bounds toward the Mystery Machine.