5) 1) text: reads, "TEENAGE SLEUTHS REVEAL BLACK KNIGHT GHOST AS HOAX." A photo pictures the Mystery, Incorporated gang: Shaggy Rogers, Fred Jones, Daphne Blake, Velma Dinkley, and the huge Great Dane, Scooby-Doo.
5) 26) dialog: I was the one who noticed the Headless Horseman’s body was too big. And I sat there thinking, now Jay Leno will believe it was Fred, forever.
5) 42) dialog: I know Scooby’s a dog and - everything, but even considering all that he’s a moron.
5) 60) dialog: So finally I quit.
9) 25) dialog: My fellow students in the Ph.D. mathematics program told me I was...
9) 27) dialog: I was in a group for a long time where I didn’t get the credit I deserved. No one noticed me, and...
9) 29) dialog: (mumbling) Mystery, Incorporated.
9) 38) dialog: Velma... She just said my name a second ago.
9) 40) dialog: Jinkies.
10) 0) text: Velma sits in the parked van with Shaggy and Fred.
10) 1) dialog: Where’d you find the Mystery Machine?
10) 3) dialog: What’s wrong with him? (CONTINUED)
10) 9) dialog: On one condition. When we announce the hypno-wheel to the press, I take the TV interviews. Scooby shows the notebook to Velma, to prove that he’s not a moron. It reads: 12 +7
10) 11) dialog: That’s not right. Scooby fiddles with the equation. Fred looks at Shaggy.
10) 13) dialog: Fine. Forget it.
11) 0) text: Scooby, Shaggy, Velma, and Fred cross the garden toward a dojo. Scooby is still writing in the notebook. A sign reads "TAI CHI ACADEMY."
11) 1) dialog: Okay, when we get in there, just follow my lead. Daphne’s not going to want to go because of Fred.
11) 4) dialog: No. Velma opens the door. A martial arts match is occurring.
12) 10) dialog: Mystery Ink is reforming.
12) 12) dialog: I understand. Let’s go, guys. Everyone, following Velma’s lead, starts to leave. This startles Daphne.
12) 14) dialog: It’s easy for us. But for you, always getting captured and tied up, always having to be saved by someone else. I can see where being the damsel in distress is humiliating.
14) 0) text: Daphne stands with Velma.
15) 13) dialog: Make him cut that out. It’s creepy. Fred theatrically throws his palm downward in the middle of the gang. The others stare at him. (CONTINUED)
16) 5) dialog: Since that photo my grandmother’s contracted acromegaly. (whispered) The Elephant Man disease. The Clerk nods sympathetically. He rips the ticket.
20) 0) text: N‘Goo drives the Werewolf cart down the cobblestone pathway. Gaudy animatronic statues loom on either side of the lane. The statues are weathered, with parts chipped away: Famous monsters, cheesy ghosts in sheets, and skeletons missing bones. They chomp and grab at passersby. The gang is crowded together in the cart. Fred and Velma sits the front seat with N’Goo. The rest are in back. N’GOO You come here to face the demons?
20) 1) dialog: Yes. And afterwards we’re going to Pirates of the Caribbean to stop the horrible mutilation going on there. N’GOO Ha ha! One who is doubting!
21) 12) dialog: Look, you chickens. There’s a holographic camera placed -- Velma points out cameras projecting the "Demon Goddess" into the center of the flame. (CONTINUED)
21) 15) dialog: There. And there. And there. It’s just an optical illusion.
21) 21) dialog: Why?
21) 31) dialog: The castle will have food.
23) 0) text: Velma, Daphne, and Fred SCREECH sideways to a stop, all in a clear line in front of the Disneyesque castle. Scooby tries to do the exact same thing, but his moped runs into the rest and they all fall down like dominoes.
24) 0) text: The gang stands on the castle porch. Velma presses a DOORBELL. It plays a CHEESY MELODY. Scooby and Shaggy are frightened. Fred is excited.
24) 5) dialog: Let’s see if the door is unlocked. Scooby, try the door.
24) 7) dialog: Because if a demon tears your head off, we'll have a warning. Scooby-Doo whines, holding up his limp paw. Shaggy pulls a Scooby snack from his pocket.
25) 10) dialog: Typical.
25) 12) dialog: Just like it always was. I was always picked last for the teams.
25) 14) dialog: Your little cliques. You and Fred over here, Shaggy and Scooby over there. I was always the third wheel.
27) 0) text: Fred and Velma walk along a wall with framed photos of Anne Geddes’ babies.
27) 1) dialog: We can split up now. It was nice of you to pretend. But I know you'd have rather gone with the other guys. (beat) It’s because I’m ugly, isn’t it?
33) 0) text: Fred and Velma are on their mopeds as Scooby gets on his. Daphne rolls the Ming vase with Shaggy in it out the front door.
33) 4) dialog: She's kidding.
33) 9) dialog: She’s summoning her chi. Daphne’s fist flies forward, SHATTERING the VASE, without touching Shaggy. He’s relieved not to be hurt.
34) 0) text: Fred, Velma, and Daphne zip by, down the steep hill. Shaggy and Scooby are behind them, but their moped is puttering and slowing. Finally, it stops.
35) 0) text: A brightly-lit hotel in the middle of the dark forest. Fred, Velma, and Daphne are entering.
36) 0) text: As Fred, Velma, and Daphne come through the door, they’re almost toppled by two giggling students in their underwear, chasing and spraying shaving cream on each other. (CONTINUED)
37) 0) text: Velma sits down at a bar beside a longhaired METAL HEAD. She looks at the bartender.
37) 1) dialog: A Coca-Cola please. The bartender sets her up with Coke in a glass.
39) 0) text: A drunken Velma is held aloft by a cadre of students. She whoops as she swirls her turtleneck sweater over her head. BACK TO DAPHNE’S ROOM
46) 0) text: Shaggy and Scooby slam the door shut. They lock the door. They turn and see: Numerous students in the lobby, watching. Some are gathered on the second floor stairwell, looking down to see what all the commotion is about. The Metal Head and Velma are in front. Velma is sloshed.
46) 2) dialog: Thcooby. Doo! You know what Doo ith? Itsth another name for Poop. Your name ith Scooby...Poop! Shaggy and Scooby push furniture in front of the front door to block it.
46) 4) dialog: Ith a man in a mathk. (CONTINUED)
46) 9) dialog: Thith ith my betht frien. Shaggy looks around the room for things to use as weapons.
48) 0) text: Another demon kicks in the front DOOR, SHATTERING it. The pieces knock Velma down; her glasses fly off. The demon, partially visible in the doorway, lets out an incredibly loud, piercing shriek, a noise seemingly surging directly from the bowels of Hell. (CONTINUED)
48) 5) dialog: My glathes, My glathes! VELMA’S POV Vague blob shapes; then, her cracked glasses are handed to her.
48) 6) dialog: Thankth. That’th...
48) 8) dialog: Jinkies. The demon picks her up. He breathes green mist on her. 53.
58) 18) dialog: ‘I bought a ticket to the world! But now I’ve come back again!’
58) 19) dialog: ‘Why do we find it hard to write the next line? Oh we want the truth to be said!’
58) 21) dialog: ‘Huh huh huh hu-uh huh We know this much is true Huh huh huh hu-uh huh We know this much is true’
58) 63) dialog: Doesn’t a girl have a right to look pretty every now and then? Everybody laughs. Shaggy and Scooby look nervously at them. Velma turns away from them, gazing out a kitchen window, her back to them.
58) 64) dialog: You know, one thing those monsters did was pretty scary. Scooby stares at her, wondering.
58) 65) dialog: That blood-curdling scream they let out before they attacked.
58) 67) dialog: You know, sort of like... Velma opens her mouth and releases a loud, piercing sereech. Her eyes wash over into a bright red. Shaggy and Scooby holler. They look around them: Fred stands, throwing back his chair. Isabel jumps onto the table, crouching like a panther. Their eyes are all red. They all screech.
64) 0) text: Evil Daphne and her cohorts carry a bamboo pole with an upset Scooby-Doo tied upside down to it. He gulps. Evil Velma follows, overseeing things. They all sing:
67) 0) text: Daphne and the other demons carry Scooby on the bamboo pole into the staff door Isabel and Mandy sneaked into at the beginning of the film. Velma tails them. She leaves the door open behind her.
68) 0) text: The possessed humans carry Scooby down the corridor. They pass a few doorways. Velma spots a bright, streaking soul approaching. She hops ahead of the rest, into a small room. Ag they pass it, Velma surreptitiously yanks in the possessed Daphne. The rest of the humans walk by without noticing.
69) 2) dialog: Looks like you could use a little sun. The Demon turns angrily toward Velma. Velma has her hand on a light switch. She flicks it. The DEMON gazes worriedly at the ceiling’s flickering fluorescent bulb. He EXPLODES into dissipating chunks. Velma looks at Daphne. (CONTINUED)
69) 5) dialog: The demons can’t survive the ~ light. That’s why they need our bodies. Are you all right, Daphne?
69) 7) dialog: You're not all right?
70) 0) text: Daphne stares at Velma, upset. She shudders.
70) 2) dialog: Just your boobies a little bit. Daphne does her best to pretend she’s aghast, but she’s obviously a little turned on. Velma peeks out the door.
70) 3) dialog: Coast is clear. Let’s go.
73) 0) text: Shaggy steps out of the hole and onto the beach. He looks up and sees Fred, Velma, and Daphne standing, waiting for him. He stops, staring at them with resigned trepidation.
73) 7) dialog: Did you get Isabel?
75) 1) dialog: Daphne says you have some pages in Latin from Mondavarious’s castle.
75) 4) dialog: This isn’t really Latin. It’s a derivative of Latin.
75) 6) dialog: Most of it, yeah.
77) 0) text: Velma reads the pages.
77) 1) dialog: ‘The demons shall disperse over the earth, replacing every human soul with a superior demonic one.’ 85.
79) 0) text: Velma continues to read from the book.
79) 1) dialog: They can’t do it without this... ‘Great Canine,’ he -- Velma flips the page to reveal --
81) 0) text: Shaggy, Fred, Velma and Daphne are in shock. (CONTINUED)
81) 5) dialog: That’s what it says. Fred slumps down into the sand. Velma falls back against a tree. Daphne runs her hands through her hair.
81) 7) dialog: Where?
81) 11) dialog: You can’t be serious.
81) 13) dialog: I’m too scared to be a hero.
81) 17) dialog: Chickenstein wasn’t real!
81) 22) dialog: ‘The Velmster?!’ You think you’re going to sweet-talk me with my own nickname?! (erying) Try to make me feel... like part... of the group? (thinking, struck) We could set a trap.
82) 0) text: Velma opens a barn door to reveal a spotlight.
82) 1) dialog: We need a spotlight.
83) 1) dialog: And mirrors.
84) 10) dialog: Let’s get jinky with it. 90.
86) 0) text: Fred and Velma, wearing huge backpacks, are pretending to be demons. They each grip one of Shaggy’s arms, as if he’s their prisoner. Shaggy is scared witless.
86) 2) dialog: Come on, you chicken.
89) 0) text: Velma, Fred and Shaggy venture into the enormous cavern. A DEMON stands beside one of the slabs, waiting to inhabit Shaggy’s body. Shaggy whispers through clenched teeth.
89) 11) dialog: Just go, Shaggy. And then see if you can find Scooby.
93) 0) text: Fred and Velma are hanging the last of the mirrors on the wall. The mirrors travel all the way around the cavern.
93) 2) dialog: You mean, the time we kicked the shit out of the Cotton Candy Ghost with Dick Van Dyke. Fred stares at her, doubting.
93) 4) dialog: Quarter to midnight. (CONTINUED)
95) 0) text: The humans stand stock-still in straight lines, staring in the direction of the vat. Fred and Velma, uncertain, line up with them.
106) 5) dialog: Something tells me he The demon world forever didn’t get the key! He be! thinks this is a party! Zarkos and his charges grab onto Scooby’s arms and legs. Scooby looks suddenly worried.
112) 0) text: The Soul Stew rises behind a shivering Scooby. The soul heads form a swirling soul tube of SCREAMING HUMAN FACES. It twirls, twists, gaining speed, boring up through the hole, and toward the sky. Fred, Velma, and Shaggy watch the soul tube. TREMENDOUS WINDS BLOW throughout the cavern. The bottom of the tube lifts off of the metal vat: it bends outward, an open cavity aimed into the room.
114) 0) text: The demons emerge from the cavity at the bottom of the tube -- Hade’s cornucopia -- and they swamp the room. Velma eyes Fred.
114) 1) dialog: Men in masks? You think?
114) 12) dialog: No. Wait for the spotlight! That’s the plan!
118) 0) text: Fred dodges the demons like a running back. Velma slides under a flying monkey sweeping down at her. Shaggy is fast, diving between creatures. Then the Scooby Rex lands powerfully in front of him. The Rex stabs his enormous face into Shaggy’s.
122) 0) text: The beam shoots down into the room. It eradicates a few demons flying in its path. The beam impotently hits stone where the mirror fell. Velma, however, is standing beneath the beam. She casually picks up the mirror from the floor. The demons are staring at her.
122) 2) dialog: The Velmster.
122) 4) dialog: I’m a hero. Velma thrusts the mirror high over her head. The spotlight strikes it. The beam reflects from the wall mirror to mirror to mirror throughout the room, a complex geometric pattern. It bursts through demons in its path, destroying almost all of them. 107.
127) 0) text: Velma and Fred lie on the ground. They cover their heads as hundreds of DEMONS WOOSH over their bodies and up into the soul tube. And then it stops. The room is momentarily quiet.
129) 0) text: Scooby-Doo’s Soul colorfully zooms across the cavern. SCOOBY’S SOUL Yeah yeah yeah! He splashes into his again normal-sized body, sparkling. In colorful bursts, the souls zip around a smiling Velma and Fred and out through the cavern’s halls.
129) 4) dialog: smiles at Mandy. She helps her up.
134) 0) text: Everyone in the cavern is standing. Velma gives Shaggy a big bear hug. Someone taps him on the back. He turns to see Isabel. She’s crying.
135) 6) dialog: Yes. Firstly, we don’t believe there is any such person as Raphael Mondavarious. We came to the conclusion that he’s actually -- With the dexterity of Vanna White turning letters, Daphne pulls off the Mondavarious mask to reveal...
135) 7) dialog: Garret Rogers, Shaggy’s uncle. It makes sense: He wanted Scooby-Doo to be part of his evil plan, so he prodded us into coming to Spooky Island... At least that’s what we thought until we called Garret in Coolsville and he was still home. Consequently, this is just another mask covering his real identity -- Daphne pulls a Garret mask off to reveal...
135) 8) dialog: Fred Jones, who set up the whole situation just so Mystery Ink would return to the spotlight! PAN TO Fred, who is hurt by the accusation.
135) 10) dialog: Right. It was ludicrous that we suspected Fred, since we’ve often seen he and Mondavarious together. So it could only be the one person so unmercifully nefarious as to concoct this evil scheme. Daphne yanks off the Fred mask to reveal...
135) 11) dialog: Don Knotts!
135) 20) dialog: You hear about Fred? They look at him.
135) 34) dialog: Shaggy, you didn’t say what you were doing. (CONTINUED)
135) 43) dialog: See ya! So long, folks.
136) 5) dialog: That’s what I was thinking! Is it a monster... or could it be a ghost?
136) 10) dialog: This sounds pretty serious. You might need, you know... (to phone) Sarah? Velma Dinkley. I’m not going to be in for a couple weeks...
136) 17) dialog: Shotgun!
136) 19) dialog: Why don’t we all just ride in the front seat?! Fred, Daphne, and Velma jump into the Mystery Machine. Scooby-Doo and Shaggy trot toward the van after them. Scooby looks up at his beatnik pal.