21) 0) text: The golf carts pull around a stone altar and a circular stone platform. Weeds poke through the platform's eracked surface. In the center of the platform is a large stone bowl covered with carvings of demons. The gang gathers beside a moped rental stand beside the platform. MONDAVARIOUS approaches a podium and microphone on the altar. He is a genuinely spooky bald man with a goatee in the shape of an arrow. He wears mystical flowing purple robes, and he has a large key hanging from his belt. ZARKOS stands by Mondavarious’s side. Zarkos is a huge Mexican ex-wrestler, bare-chested but for crossed suspenders. A mask covers the upper half of his face. Mondavarious, stilted and detached, reads a speech.
30) 0) text: Mondavarious and Zarkos enter hurriedly.
30) 1) dialog: Two went this way! The others, el cocina!
31) 0) text: Zarkos and Mondavarious move swiftly down the hallway. They move past three large Ming vases. After they pass them, Daphne, Shaggy, and Scooby stick their heads out of them.
32) 0) text: Zarkos and Mondavarious enter. Food is all over the kitchen. The Daemon Ritus is on the counter. | Mondavarious runs his finger along the binding. The highlighted pages have been torn away. He turns to Zarkos.
32) 2) dialog: I did. They just don’t know it yet.
87) 0) text: Mondavarious sits on a sheet metal throne. Zarkos Superglues ceremonial stones to his sandals.
101) 0) text: Zarkos enters the enclave. Shaggy sees a key sticking out of Zarkos’ pocket, just inches from his own face. He could grab it if he wanted. Scooby looks sad as memories travel through his mind:
101) 4) dialog: Let’s go.
114) 3) dialog: spots Daphne standing on the edge of the hole pushing the spotlight upright. He is alarmed.
115) 3) dialog: Sefiorita. Caught you again without your chi, have I not? Zarkos barrels toward her. Daphne tries to kick him. He grabs her ankle. She falls to her back.
117) 0) text: Daphne does handsprings away from Zarkos. He handsprings after her, equally proficient. They stop in the same Place. She strikes him. He strikes her. She goes to punch him. He grabs her arm. He flips her down. He kneels on her chest, pinning her there. Smirks.
119) 0) text: Zarkos holds down Daphne. He pulls a piece of rope from his belt.
119) 1) dialog: I’1l bring you to the catacombs, tie you up and use you for bait for whoever you’re working with! Zarkos starts to tie her hands.
119) 7) text: Zarkos comes toward her. With one swift flying, swirling kick to his chest, she knocks him backwards. Zarkos stumbles backwards, so that he almost topples into the hole in the roof. Daphne grabs the terrified wrestler by his suspenders. She drapes him over the open hole. His boots barely graze the ledge. The soul tube vacillates behind him. She puts her face in close to his.
119) 9) dialog: «+. Me?
120) 0) text: Shaggy falls to the floor. The Scooby Rex raises his paw over him, to squash him, then stops. He sees Zarkos falling into the pit.
120) 4) text: Zarkos’ key rests on the inside rim. Fred smiles. SCOOBY’S SOUL twisting in the tunnel, chuckles.