23) 0) text: Mavis is parked, fumbling through crap in her backseat. She flips through an CD booklet until she finds a CD that says “Mad love, Buddy” in black Sharpie. She pops in the CD. A ‘90s alterna-pop song fills the car. It’s “THE CONCEPT” by Teenage Fanclub. Mavis mouths the words and pulls out a ONE-HITTER. She’s already tamped some pot down into the bowl. (CONTINUED)
33) 0) text: MUSIC UP: Buddy’s MIX TAPE Mavis is back in her car, driving into town. She passes a sign that says: MERCURY CITY LIMITS. As she enters Mercury proper, we can see that it’s a fairly charming place. Suburban houses, a classic Main Street, Mercury Senior High School. (Mavis slows to peek at the latter.) It’s literally a drive down Memory Lane. Only Memory Lane has changed a little.
45) 8) dialog: Wow. Great to see you, hon. Buddy and Mavis hug. Over Buddy’s shoulder, we see Mavis’s thrilled face. Her eyes are tightly closed. They separate. Buddy slides into the booth across Mavis. BUDDY (CONT’D) So! This is a midweek surprise.
45) 10) dialog: No. It’s great, I’m glad. (CONTINUED)
45) 14) dialog: Jerkury. I haven’t heard that in a while. Jerkury. A WAITRESS appears.
45) 16) dialog: Whoa. Hard Jack? I haven’t had one of those since college. The waitress departs.
45) 18) dialog: Honestly, I haven’t been drinking the past few months. Beth’s nursing our girl, so I thought I’d, you know, show some solidarity.
45) 20) dialog: You knew I had a daughter, right?
45) 22) dialog: She’s amazing. Mavis laughs lightly; it’s almost a hiccup.
45) 26) dialog: One thing’s for sure about being a parent-- it is never boring! Mavis winces almost imperceptibly, remembering the previous night’s drunken “boring” tirade.
45) 28) dialog: Right, down there in the “Mini Apple.”
45) 31) dialog: Yup. Ad sales now. Don’t love all the cold-calling, but my dad’s still there, so we have lunch together most days. Buddy notices the WAITRESS preoccupied with another table. BUDDY (CONT’D) Sorry. Hey, I’m just gonna grab those ciders. Save our lady a trip.
45) 41) dialog: Hey, Freehauf, what’s up mang? Matt high-fives him, glancing at Mavis. (CONTINUED)
45) 45) dialog: Yeah, our little Chunka-Boo. The adventure begins!
45) 47) dialog: (interrupting) Maybe you should join us?
45) 50) dialog: Bummer! Mavis sees how Matt uses his disability to make people feel uncomfortable. She might even like it.
45) 56) dialog: Sucks what happened to Matt. I mean, the poor guy has suffered so much just for being gay. We see Matt PAUSE mid-limp several feet away. His shoulders sag with defeat.
45) 58) dialog: Well, whatever. Mercury’s changed a lot since that happened. It’s way less of a hick town.
45) 60) dialog: Well, we have this place. Beats the Blue Hill, right? We have a cool little record store down on Frye Street. Jim Wysocki opened it a few months ago and they’re starting to get some good stuff. And there’s plenty of places to get coffee. (beat) Did you see we got a KenTacoHut?
45) 62) dialog: Have you seen your mom and stepdad yet? What’s up with Hedda and Dave these days?
45) 64) dialog: How's, um, Allen? Mavis is taken aback by he query. (CONTINUED)
45) 68) dialog: Oh, I’m...
45) 70) dialog: I guess something like that never really goes away.
46) 0) text: Mavis walks Buddy to his CAR. It’s obvious it hasn’t been a late night. Mavis is still lucid and Buddy is brisk, businesslike.
46) 1) dialog: Sorry I can’t hang out longer, but I’ve got to relieve Beth. She has band practice tonight.
46) 3) dialog: Yeah, it’s just something she does with some other moms.
46) 5) dialog: Beth’s the drummer.
46) 9) dialog: Yup. There’s a pretty good rock scene happening here. Actually, Beth’s band playing on Wednesday, right here. He opens his car door and readies himself to climb in.
46) 11) dialog: Uh-huh?
46) 13) dialog: I'd be down with hanging out again. How long are you around?
46) 15) dialog: It’s not; it doesn’t have to be. I know I haven’t been the best at staying in touch but I’m always here to talk or whatever.
46) 17) dialog: You mean Vicki Robek? Robotrip? She’s in the “Mini Apple” too, right? How is she doing?
46) 21) dialog: Cool. So, uh, why don’t you stop by our place for a hang on Wednesday? We’1l have dinner, and then we can all go to Beth’s show.
46) 23) dialog: Oh-- you know, it would be great if you could sign one of those Waverley Prep books for my niece Kendra. She wants to be a writer too.
46) 25) dialog: Still a pretty big deal compared to the rest of us. He starts the car and begins to pull out. Mavis continues to speak to him through the open window. Her voice is a desperate cry.
46) 27) dialog: Yup. He drives away. Mavis pretends to walk to her car, but can’t resist looking back.
54) 18) dialog: What’s uuuuup? He subtly flashes fake gang signs.
54) 22) dialog: I didn’t know you guys met before.
54) 25) dialog: Oh yeah, wow. Can I get you something to drink? Beer?
54) 29) dialog: I’1l see what I can do. He heads into the house, calling back at them. BUDDY (CONT’D) Meet the baby! Mavis smiles at the baby uncomfortably. Beth casually lifts up her shirt to nurse.
54) 46) dialog: You guys wanna come in? It’s getting kind of cool out here. Beth stands up, still nursing the baby.
54) 52) dialog: Here you go, babe. Beth hands Mavis a plain bottle of water.
54) 60) dialog: Heh. Mavis pushes it a little further, addressing Beth.
54) 63) dialog: Beth teaches special needs kids. (CONTINUED)
54) 69) dialog: Mavis, tell us about your life in the big city.
54) 73) dialog: Oh. Nice.
55) 0) text: The baby sleeps in a car seat contraption. Buddy, Mavis and Beth eat burritos from Chipotle. Buddy pats one of the styrofoam take-out containers approvingly.
55) 1) dialog: Chipotle, how ‘bout it?
55) 6) dialog: Nine years, yup. (CONTINUED)
55) 14) dialog: Stepdad. If Mavis is annoyed by the correction, she doesn’t let on.
55) 23) dialog: That is true. Mavis takes a long, satisfying gulp of water, glancing at Beth over the rim of the glass. The doorbell rings.
55) 25) dialog: Rock and roll! Buddy springs up and bounds toward the door
55) 31) dialog: Oh. Thanks, Mavis.
55) 33) dialog: What?
55) 35) dialog: Totally. Look, Freehauf’s over there. Sure enough, Matt is leaning against an EMPLOYEES ONLY doorway near the rear of the bar. He watches the stage passively, his arms crossed over his belly. Mavis tries to not make eye contact.
55) 37) dialog: Matt’s been through a lot. He’s a good guy.
55) 39) dialog: (chuckling) You definitely are a writer Mavis.
55) 43) dialog: You’ve always been so funny. Mavis is thrilled with this moment of attention and validation. She leans in and opens her mouth to speak. Alas, she’s quickly drowned out by the sound of Beth. doing an EXTREMELY LOUD SOUND CHECK on her drums. BANG! BANG! BANG! BOOM. BOOM. BOOM. The sound guy gives Beth a thumbs-up from his console. Mavis is beyond irritated.
55) 45) dialog: Beth loves this song. The song begins with a few loud strums and a familiar couplet sung by Mary Beth:
56) 6) dialog: Yeah, you guys were namazing.
56) 10) dialog: Yup, I’m pretty drunk. Bethie, we gotta get home. Relieve the babysitter. He takes another swill of beer, amid protests from Beth’s rowdy mom-friends.
56) 20) dialog: Sure. Okay. Mavis takes the Jeep keys from Buddy. She holds them up and clicks the “unlock” button triumphantly. As the car BEEPS, Mavis flashes her best shit-eating grin at a scowling Mary Ellen. EXT. BUDDY’S HOUSE - NIGHT (TO ESTABLISH) The Jeep pulls up. Mavis and Buddy get out and walk up onto the porch. Buddy stumbles, leaning on Mavis. We hear their voices in the night.
56) 22) dialog: My tolerance has really gone down since you knew me.
56) 25) dialog: What? Mavis takes Buddy by the wrist and looks at his cheap Timex watch. To her, it’s more beautiful than any Rolex. She pushes the “Indiglo” button, illuminating the watch, and shows Buddy the time. 10:53. (CONTINUED)
56) 29) dialog: Yeah. But seven minutes is nothing. We can’t go anywhere.
56) 31) dialog: I know, I know, Mavis. I’m learning that from my little girl. This isn’t what Mavis wants to hear, but it gives her a new tactic.
56) 33) dialog: Do you think so?
56) 35) dialog: I just...I really love my daughter. Mavis hugs him. (CONTINUED)
56) 39) dialog: Hey, hey, hey. The BABYSITTER, an effeminate college-aged guy, suddenly opens the door and appears on the porch. He holds a pacifier in one hand and stares daggers at Mavis.
56) 41) dialog: Yeah, um, Daniel. I’m home.
56) 45) dialog: I got it. Buddy heads into the house, drunk and flustered, not turning to say goodbye to Mavis.
58) 13) dialog: Hi, how are you? Mavis seems to interpret this innocent query as something more meaningful.
58) 15) dialog: Oh, well, I meant to ask you this on Wednesday. He takes a deep breath, tense. BUDDY (CONT’D) I was just wondering, well if you’re still around, if you’d like to come to the baby’s naming ceremony this weekend. It’s just a little hippie thing we’re doing in our yard. Not religious or anything. It’s non-secular.
58) 17) dialog: Huh?
58) 19) dialog: Good. Great.
58) 20) dialog: Saturday, our place, around one. Cool? (CONTINUED)
62) 0) text: Mercury High is lit up like a brick prison. Past the football and soccer fields, there’s a small wooded area. Mavis and Matt trek through the overgrowth. Mavis shivers in her tank top. She reaches into her purse and takes out the RED SWEATSHIRT she found at her parent’s house. She pulls it on. It’s a traditional high school P.E. shirt. On the front label, there’s a large surname written in Magic Marker: SLADE. Buddy glances at the shirt but doesn’t say anything.
66) 0) text: Mavis Skypes semi-successfully with Vicki. Even though she’s just a couple of hours away, Vicki looks as though she’s in Iraq. An AFRICAN-AMERICAN MAN peeks into the chat window, waves hello to Mavis, and kisses Vicki on the cheek. Vicki looks happy. INT. MAVIS’S CAR - DAY Mavis is dolled up in another one of her indie designer dresses. Today is the day of Buddy’s party, and it’s the perfect excuse to look her best. She drives her MINI Cooper into a strip mall parking lot. MUSIC UNDER. END MONTAGE. INT. BABIES R’ US - DAY Mavis walks in, overwhelmed by all the bright, adorable merchandise. She strolls down the aisles, looking lithe and alien next to all the dumpy moms buying breast pumps and onesies. Her high heels clack against the dirty linoleum. She approaches a display of beribboned BURP CLOTHS and looks at them. A YOUNG DAD is shopping nearby. He’s fairly paunchy and average-looking, but he and Mavis exchange smiles. Mavis postures expertly, being cute with him. Her stance is pigeon-toed, her smile is radiant. She’s an incredible flirt. Dad is enchanted. Mavis’s smile lasts a beat too long, and Dad’s begins to fade imperceptibly.
68) 33) dialog: Hey there. He reaches for Mavis, who hugs him enthusiastically. Mid- hug, Mavis looks at Jan over Buddy’s shoulder. It’s an aggressive, pointed stare. Jan stares back.
68) 36) dialog: Great, we always need more pukers. Ha ha.
68) 38) dialog: Hey Mom, I think Beth needs help with the endive thing.
68) 43) dialog: Hey, thanks! She’s not here, but I’ll send it to her. Mavis gazes at Buddy, savoring this rare moment of “alone time” even surrounded by chaos.
68) 45) dialog: (distracted) Hm?
68) 47) dialog: I hope he’s cool. Mavis laughs nervously.
68) 49) dialog: (playful) Get outta here, Carter-bug! He releases the boy and smiles at Mavis. You were saying?
68) 53) dialog: Because of the party?
68) 55) dialog: (not getting it) Yeah. Yeah, totally. It overwhelms me every day, how happy I am.
68) 57) dialog: What? Jan re-enters holding the BABY.
68) 59) dialog: Hi, sweet pea. He tenderly takes the baby from Jan, delighting the assembled relatives. Everyone loves a daddy with his baby girl. Mavis watches the “show” as women coo over Buddy’s paternal stylings. She tries to smile, but there’s unmistakable scorn in her eyes. Mavis wanders away toward a folding table that’s been set up as a makeshift bar in the overcrowded room. She pours herself a shot of Jim Beam, checks to see if anyone's looking, and downs it. Swallow. Repeat. In the background, a musical infant toy begins playing “Yankee Doodle.” Jan sings along with it loudly and tunelessly.
68) 61) dialog: Hey, listen up everyone. Everyone obliges. BUDDY (CONT’D) I have a little surprise for everyone, so if you'll just direct your attention to the garage ina few minutes... Buddy races off mysteriously. Buddy’s mother turns proudly to a matronly FRIEND of hers and begins dishing quietly. The whole conversation is barely audible.
68) 86) dialog: You guys, it’s a new drum kit for Beth. An ELDERLY MAN claps dutifully. A few people join in, but most people are still whispering. Buddy hits the CRASH CYMBAL for emphasis, confused. Beth has tears in her eyes, but manages to croak out a response. Beth Thank you, honey.
68) 87) dialog: What’s wrong? Beth can barely speak. Beth Nothing. (CONTINUED)
68) 93) dialog: (hushed) What the hell are you doing? My wife invited you here. You wouldn’t be here, otherwise.
68) 95) dialog: Beth practically forced me to call you. I mean, she even stood there and supervised to make sure I’d do it. She feels sorry for you. I’ve been trying to blow you off the whole time you've been in town, but Beth is a really good person, you know? And it’s obvious you’ve been having some...mental, uh, sickness, some depression, and you're very lonely and confused. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
68) 98) dialog: So she made me invite you even though I knew it would be a mistake. I knew it. Beth has joined Buddy by his side. Her face is creased with worry.
68) 102) dialog: Mavis.
75) 0) text: Ambient CHEERING and crowd noises. It’s a lavish graduation ceremony at the fantasy school. Our blonde STUDENT-- Mavis-- wears a blue graduation cap and gown. She’s accessorised with a tiny gold pin that Says HARVARD. She turns to a friend, mouths, “I’m outta here,” with an arch of her eyebrow, and heads up to the front of the room with queen-bee confidence. As she walks up to fetch her diploma, she smiles like a supermodel. The crowd goes wild with appreciation. Diploma in hand, she reaches up and flicks the cap’s golden tassel from the left side to the right, in the signature rite of passage. The cheers from the audience grow stronger. She gazes out at the crowd. We don’t recognize anyone, until... Buddy appears in the front row. He stands up proudly, his arms filled with flowers. Her face lights up as she recognizes him. He’s always in her dreams, never not there. The applause grows, and grows, and cuts out suddenly. THE END.