7) 0) text: Mavis and her friend VICKI eat McDonald's in a depressing courtyard behind a Wells Fargo building. VICKI is upholstered in a cheap business suit from the mall. Mavis is sloppily dressed. Vicki gives her the once-over.
7) 1) dialog: Just FYI, not all of us have cushy joke jobs where we can work from “the home.” Lucky. Vicki’s mouth is full of fries.
7) 4) dialog: Well, at least they don’t put your name on the cover. This hurts Mavis’s feelings, but she plays it off.
7) 6) dialog: And aren’t they canceling that shit anyway?
7) 8) dialog: So I put a fake profile up on a dating site today. Just to see what happens.
7) 10) dialog: I said I was a BBW with “luscious curves.”
7) 12) dialog: I bet I get all black guys.
7) 14) dialog: (annoyed) What? You’re still talking about Buddy Slade and his wife and their email thing?
7) 19) dialog: Buddy’s always been the type to reach out. Remember in school he was so friendly to everyone? Like he would always pick the wheelchair guy for his lab partner and stuff.
7) 21) dialog: Yeah, your cousin Mike with the wheelchair. Mavis picks at her food, dejected.
7) 23) dialog: Peter Pussy Eater with the Rolex? What are we doing? Why are we not more excited?
7) 25) dialog: You’re more worked up about your “soul mate,” Buddy.
7) 27) dialog: Buddy Slade is not, and never was, all that. He still lives in Mercury, for God's sake.
7) 30) dialog: Well, I pity the guy. You and me got out of there just in time.
7) 32) dialog: We’re fortunate bitches. She gags violently, reaching for her Coke.
8) 0) text: Mavis returns from her lunch with VICKI. She greets Baguette, who jumps at her knees.
66) 0) text: Mavis Skypes semi-successfully with Vicki. Even though she’s just a couple of hours away, Vicki looks as though she’s in Iraq. An AFRICAN-AMERICAN MAN peeks into the chat window, waves hello to Mavis, and kisses Vicki on the cheek. Vicki looks happy. INT. MAVIS’S CAR - DAY Mavis is dolled up in another one of her indie designer dresses. Today is the day of Buddy’s party, and it’s the perfect excuse to look her best. She drives her MINI Cooper into a strip mall parking lot. MUSIC UNDER. END MONTAGE. INT. BABIES R’ US - DAY Mavis walks in, overwhelmed by all the bright, adorable merchandise. She strolls down the aisles, looking lithe and alien next to all the dumpy moms buying breast pumps and onesies. Her high heels clack against the dirty linoleum. She approaches a display of beribboned BURP CLOTHS and looks at them. A YOUNG DAD is shopping nearby. He’s fairly paunchy and average-looking, but he and Mavis exchange smiles. Mavis postures expertly, being cute with him. Her stance is pigeon-toed, her smile is radiant. She’s an incredible flirt. Dad is enchanted. Mavis’s smile lasts a beat too long, and Dad’s begins to fade imperceptibly.