2) 0) text: ON THE TREE -- A series of early 80s wedding portraits: Bridget is a young bride, in head to toe lace, smiles lovingly at EDDIE, handsome, top hat and tails. Bert bursts with joy as he gives his father-of-the-bride speech, scotch in one hand, cigarette in the other.
6) 0) text: Gray light is just beginning to crack over the horizon. BRIDGET, now 40s, in athletic gear, sprints down a street basically identical houses, basically identically decorat for the holidays with tidy strings of white lights. She picks up her pace, racing now, faster and faster, hit agony, pushing past it, around the corner into a cul-de- sac... 4. She comes to a stop in front of another basically identic house, the only one with colored lights strung out front. Chest heaving, she puts her hands on her knees and recove INT. BRIDGET AND EDDIE’S HOUSE - KITCHEN - DAY EDDIE, now late 40s, in a bathrobe, pours himself cereal their high-ceilinged, well-appointed kitchen. Bridget com in with the newspaper. In silence, she pours coffee. They weave around each other, a chilly, well-practiced da They settle on either side of the counter with coffees an breakfast. He peruses the Business section, she the Arts. Without looking up from their papers:
6) 1) dialog: You're picking up Emma?
7) 14) dialog: Maybe she shouldn’t go back.
7) 16) dialog: Why? She’s a mess, let’s take a semester off and regroup.
34) 0) text: Bridget paces the guest room, on the phone with Eddie. He eyes wash over the framed family photographs on the wall.
34) 1) dialog: How’s it going there? 43.
34) 3) dialog: I don’t blame him. Nobody wants to be alone for the rest of their life. Bridget’s eyes stop on a picture of Bert and Ruth.
34) 4) dialog: Hello?
34) 6) dialog: What’s going on with Emma?
34) 8) dialog: She didn’t register for next semester. Bridget stops pacing.
34) 10) dialog: Her advisor called this morning asking if she was coming back.
58) 0) text: Bridget and Emma sleep. On the night stand, her cell phon vibrates. Bridget reaches over and grabs it. It’s Eddie. She sends to voicemail.
59) 0) text: Bridget brushes her teeth. Her phone is on the counter, playing Eddie’s voicemail on speaker. EDDIE’S VOICEMAIL Hi, um, your father just called. Bridget stops brushing and stares at the phone. EDDIE’S VOICEMAIL (CONT'D) He said you’re coming home tonight? Gimme a call. Bridget stares at the phone. Then she chucks the toothbru at the mirror and marches DOWN THE HALL. 81.
63) 9) dialog: So? How was it?
63) 12) dialog: Are they all set? Your dad signed everything?
63) 14) dialog: Sure. It’s good. It was time. (then) Nick’s gotta be pretty happy. Being right for once in his life. They eat. Eddie looks at Emma.
63) 15) dialog: (to Emma) Did you register for classes? Bridget looks down, guilty.
63) 17) dialog: Oh. Well. Good. INT. NICK’S BAR - DAY Sun bounces off the copper bar. TWO QUIET REGULARS watch muted Bears game on the flat screen. Nick is behind the b with a clipboard, doing inventory. The front door opens. Bert enters, in his coat and hat, newspaper under his arm He checks it all out as he takes a seat at the bar. Nick goes over. Puts a cocktail napkin down and looks at expectantly. He’s not saying the first word.
66) 0) text: It’s New Year’s Eve. Ruth’s soprano hums Auld Lang Syne. In the light of the tree, Bert and Ruth slow dance, her c on his chest. INT. MARY AND DAVID’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT Mary and David are curled up on the couch. The Ball Drop plays on the TV. She is fast asleep on his chest. He gently kisses her forehead as the countdown begins. 92. INT. BRIDGET AND EDDIE’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT Bridget, Emma and Eddie sit on the couch, Emma between he parents. The ladies sip champagne. Eddie dozes with the remote in his hand. As the countdown hits midnight, Emma nudges Eddie awake.
66) 1) dialog: Happy New Year.
66) 3) dialog: Who is Gerry Hoffsteader? Bridget looks up and catches her breath, caught.
66) 5) dialog: You don’t know?
66) 7) dialog: You didn’t write him a check for 1500 bucks?
66) 9) dialog: What’d, he replace every lock in the building? He gets up and heads into his closet. Bridget breathes. H returns with a nicely wrapped box and hands it to her. 93.
66) 10) dialog: Merry Christmas. She unwraps it. It’s a fancy cheese grater, packaged in i rectangular box.
66) 12) dialog: Did I? Open it, they said it was new.
66) 14) dialog: Figured if I had the diamond upgraded you might stop leaving it with the pennies in the car. She's speechless, eyes glued to the diamond. Then, incred moved:
67) 0) text: Bridget jogs along her tree-lined path. She picks up her pace, speeding, sprinting -- And then, all of a sudden, she is crying. She stops, sits on a curb, puts her head down and lets it go. INT. BRIDGET AND EDDIE’S HOUSE - MASTER BEDROOM - DAWN Eddie wakes. It isn’t until he sits up that he realizes Bridget is not in bed beside him. 94. INT. BRIDGET AND EDDIE’S HOUSE - DINING AREA - DAWN Eddie stops at the foot of the stairs. Bridget is sitting quietly at the table.
67) 1) dialog: Are you all right?
67) 3) dialog: I have no clue what to do for you. You are never happy, never.
67) 5) dialog: No. I made a promise. I’m a loyal person.
67) 7) dialog: I thought I did.
67) 9) dialog: I’m okay with that.
67) 13) dialog: Don’t look at me. EXT. BRIDGET AND EDDIE’S HOUSE - NIGHT Bridget hustles out the front door as Mary marches toward Golf in the driveway.
73) 0) text: It’s later. Quieter. Bridget and Nick stand at the casket greeting the stragglers. Eddie, Mary and David sit nearby In a corner, Emma sits with Ruth, who stares down at a fo paper program. On the cover is a recent picture of Bert. Ruth looks up from the program and looks around, anxious.