30) 0) text: Mass has ended. Bert, Nick and Marion chat by the Holy Wa with the ANCIENT PRIEST. Bridget walks up the aisle and approaches the ALTAR. She stops at it and stares at the Virgin Mary.
32) 0) text: Marion sits grandly at one end of the table, holding cour Ruth is next to her. Nick and Bert read the paper at the other end.
32) 1) dialog: So I said to Margie, I said Margie honey he’s a toddler, one day he likes pancakes, next day he won't touch the things, it’s normal -- Bridget brings in two plates of corned beef and cabbage a sets them down in front of Nick and Bert.
32) 2) dialog: Bridget, honey, you’re so skinny, don’t they feed you in California? Bridget heads back into the KITCHEN and hovers over Emma she slices the corned beef.
32) 4) dialog: I said honey, this age is where it starts, it’s all about control --
32) 7) dialog: Now Emma, you got a boyfriend or what?
32) 11) dialog: You know my Frankie died seventeen years ago and I never remarried even though I had plenty of chances and you know why? ‘Cause hand to God, Frankie never left, every single night he’s right there next to me, hand to God. Bridget and Emma are looking at Marion intensely. Then, i unison, they look at their plates, hiding the same wound.
32) 13) dialog: So I said to Margie, I said that kid’s gonna be big as house if you don’t watch it, but you know Margie, not a word about it.
32) 15) dialog: Kid’s gonna wind up with dia-bee- tus. 42. Bridget and Emma both sputter laughter - the kind that’s neighboring tears. Marion looks at them, indignant.
32) 16) dialog: Heck’s a matter with you two?
41) 0) text: Bridget, one towel around her torso, another wrapped arou her head, stands with Ruth, fully dressed, in front of a of shoes. Down the hall, Marion can be heard droning on to Bert.
72) 0) text: It’s a large viewing room, and it’s full. The whole famil stands in front of a casket, receiving a long line of gue At the end of the line is Ruth. She's beautiful, in a black suit, greeting guests, truly remembering everybody or doing a darn good job of faking Nate scampers around with a LITTLE GIRL, both in Sunday b Marion is nearby, holding court to a cleaned up Gerry Hoffsteader. Nick walks up and gives Gerry a stare-down. 99. In a corner, a SCREEN plays OLD SUPER 8 FAMILY FOOTAGE.