7) 25) dialog: Stop looking at my hair.
7) 29) dialog: David.
7) 35) dialog: It is, it’s very good.
11) 2) dialog: Pretty, right? If I get rid of the sleeves?
11) 4) dialog: I like it.
11) 6) dialog: I wanna wear Mom’s.
11) 12) dialog: Well. I want to wear a family dress, so.
11) 14) dialog: We're getting married in June. We already have a venue. Undo me. Mary backs up to Emma for her to undo her.
11) 16) dialog: I’m getting married because I wanna get married, Mom. Bridget tries to drop it but can’t help herself.
11) 20) dialog: Can we not talk about this right this second?
11) 22) dialog: Mom. INT. BRIDGET AND EDDIE’S HOUSE - MASTER BEDROOM - NIGHT Bridget and Eddie are in bed. She’s awake, staring up at ceiling. Her cellphone on the night stand rings. Eddie rouses as Bridget reaches for it. It’s Nick.
30) 0) text: Mass has ended. Bert, Nick and Marion chat by the Holy Wa with the ANCIENT PRIEST. Bridget walks up the aisle and approaches the ALTAR. She stops at it and stares at the Virgin Mary.
66) 0) text: It’s New Year’s Eve. Ruth’s soprano hums Auld Lang Syne. In the light of the tree, Bert and Ruth slow dance, her c on his chest. INT. MARY AND DAVID’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT Mary and David are curled up on the couch. The Ball Drop plays on the TV. She is fast asleep on his chest. He gently kisses her forehead as the countdown begins. 92. INT. BRIDGET AND EDDIE’S HOUSE - LIVING ROOM - NIGHT Bridget, Emma and Eddie sit on the couch, Emma between he parents. The ladies sip champagne. Eddie dozes with the remote in his hand. As the countdown hits midnight, Emma nudges Eddie awake.
67) 12) dialog: You guys really have timing. Neither parent says anything. Mary gets up and leaves the table. A second later, the fr door slams shut. Bridget looks at Eddie. He shrugs, angry
67) 15) dialog: What? What? You want me to congratulate you? Way to go, Mom. 96. Way to finally deal with the elephant in the room, your timing is impeccable. I’m wearing your fucking wedding dress.
67) 17) dialog: Yeah, well, put that in the divorce announcement. We’1ll stick it in with the wedding invitations. Save a stamp. Mary starts to lose it. It’s not about her wedding or the divorce. She turns back to Bridget.
67) 18) dialog: You’re sorry? I’m sorry. I’m sorry you have regrets or whatever, I wish it were different for you, I really do. Mary opens the door to the Golf, gets in, and starts the ignition. Bridget opens the passenger door and gets in.
67) 20) dialog: What are you doing?
67) 22) dialog: Can you please just get out? Bridget takes that in, then opens the door to the car.
73) 0) text: It’s later. Quieter. Bridget and Nick stand at the casket greeting the stragglers. Eddie, Mary and David sit nearby In a corner, Emma sits with Ruth, who stares down at a fo paper program. On the cover is a recent picture of Bert. Ruth looks up from the program and looks around, anxious.
78) 0) text: Bridget buttons the back of the dress on Mary. It’s enorm
78) 2) dialog: Mom.
78) 4) dialog: Lemme see it. 102. Mary walks to the full-length mirror. The dress is huge o her, and kind of hideous, but it’s perfect.
78) 6) dialog: Well how would he know? She was the only person he ever tried to love. He didn’t know he hit the jackpot. He thought it’d be that good with anybody. Bridget stands there, mind totally blown.
79) 7) text: Hope you got Triple A. INT. BERT’S THUNDERBIRD - DAY 103. The top is down. The car heads into the sun along Califor wine country, pulling a small U-Haul behind. Bridget drives. Ruth is in the front seat, a scarf on her head. Mary is in back. EXT. BRIDGET’S NEW HOUSE - FRONT DOOR - DAY Ruth waits in the doorway of Bridget’s modest house. Brid joins her with two cups of coffee.