17) 0) text: The flashing of police lights fills the courtyard. voices in the background. to move Simon. seems in We hear Simon leans against the side of the building, within the area cordoned off by the police. Two police officers are carefully carrying a body, alread enclosed within a bag, dowm.a ladder. The body had on a hard veranda. landed A FAT DETECTIVE.is Sipping on a cup of coffee and writing notes as he talks to Simon. A FEMALE DETECTIVE looks over his shoulders as he writes.
17) 1) dialog: And then what did you do?
17) 3) dialog: Right. (beat) Anything else?
17) 5) dialog: (seeming momentarily interested) Yeah?
17) 7) dialog: How'd he wave? Simon makes a waving motion, looks embarrassed.
17) 8) dialog: Did you wave back? Simon doesn’t say anything for a moment.
17) 10) dialog: His note said he was lonely. Should of got a dog.
17) 11) dialog: Or exercised more. That’s important.
17) 12) dialog: Should I write that down?
17) 13) dialog: Maybe, in parenthesis. Simon shakes his head.
17) 15) dialog: Splat. Simon grimaces. Two paramedics are loading preparing to load the body into an ambulance.
17) 17) dialog: Every day. That’s what we do, suicides.
17) 19) dialog: Yep.
17) 21) dialog: We can barely cover the neighborhood. (beat) You know, the funny thing is he would have landed on the awning if he’d just jumped a few feet to the right. Probably survived if we'd gotten here quick enough. Horribly maimed of course, but still.
17) 22) dialog: If you can get them to the hospital quickly enough to stop the brain swelling.
17) 23) dialog: That’s true. We see Hannah a few feet away. Her hair is down and»wshe hastily dressed. The detectives walks off to check on something and Simon watches them. Simon walks up to Hannah. SIMON. Hannah? HANNAH looks at.Simon, somewhat dazed.
18) 5) dialog: (on the TV, dramatic) There’s no such thing as... second chances.
74) 41) dialog: Get up. Get up! Or do you want to die on your knees like a snake? 72. EXT. SIMON’S APARTMENT BLOCK - EVENING SIMON paces outside his building. It’s cold and he’s shivering a little. He looks up to his window and mutters to himself. The light is on. Later- he sees the light go out. He walks up the stairwell, hiding in a nook until Melanie and James pass him. He climbs up the stairs. INT. SIMON’S APARTMENT - NIGHT Simon jumps up several times and tries to grab something from the door sill. He eventually scrapes a key off the sill and picks it up. He drags himself into the room and immediately strips the bed of its sheets.
88) 1) dialog: Ruins. This World is Ruins. Simon switches off the television. Simon clears up the room and throws out various bits of trash. When he’s finished, the room is almost completely bare. He checks his phone messages. Nothing. He takes the handcuffs from the bed and pauses a moment before placing them in a drawer by the bed. The same draw that now contains the snake-handled knives. He sits down at a table and starts to write. We see the start of the note ‘To whom it may concern. I have decided to end my life because I no longer exist. A person should amount to something and not float around this earth like a ghost.’ pauses for thought. He screws up the note and starts agai ‘To whom it may concern. I am a ghost.’ 88. He then adds. ‘I am sorry.’ He folds up the note, places it in his top pocket and wal to the window. He opens it and starts to climb out onto t ledge when he sees something. He almost falls, but manage to stumble back inside. He hurriedly locates his telescop and peers through. We see Hannah lying on the floor of her apartment, completely inert. Simon pans and we see an empty bottle o pills just by her out stretched hand. SIMON puts his hand to his mouth.