2) 0) text: SIMON waits outside AN ENORMOUS OFFICE, BUILDING. It’s relatively deserted. TIME PASSES and a few people, come and go. Eventually, SIMON spots. a woman, HANNAH, approaching the LOBBY of the building. SIMON smiles, then composes himsel and skips after. her.
3) 0) text: Simon enters the lobby of the office building. A few step ahead we see HANNAH. She is using a card to swipe through barrier. Hannah is Simon’s age. She is a little unkempt, but very pretty.
8) 0) text: SIMON stands with a large stack of paper under his arm. INT. PHOTOCOPYING DEPT. SIMON waits at the counter. He sees HANNAH approach. Hannah's face is hard to read and she doesn’t give out to many visual clues. She’s different than the rest of Simon coworkers, but inscrutable.
8) 2) dialog: (not unkindly) I did these for you yesterday, didn’t I?
8) 4) dialog: Sorry. A MEAN-LOOKING woman, LIZ, TAKES her place.
8) 9) text: Hey, Hannah. Can you stay late? I’ve got to get this lump checked out. HANNAH looks over and nods.
9) 0) text: Simon sits alone at a circular table in the middle of an enormous cafeteria. People sit together at tables all around him, while Simon barely touches his food and reads a book. Simon looks up from the book and sees Hannah also sitting alone at a nearby table. HARRIS sidles up beside him.
11) 0) text: Simon stands across the street from his office building, not many people are around. Hannah exits the building alone. Simon slinks back into t shadows and watches her go. He sighs.
16) 0) text: SIMON hurries up the stairs, almost running into an old woman on his way up. INT. SIMON’S APARTMENT. Simon enters his apartment and quickly walks to the windo turning on a small floor lamp. His apartment is very sparse and small; a bookshelf, desk and a small television. There are few pictures on the wal and his bed sits on the floor. It is meticulously clean, the product of a very ordered personality. Simon looks out the window to the hundreds of apartments the building across from him. Simon reaches up and lifts the window open as wide as it can go. The wind pours through the apartment and Simon leans out, looking into the great distance below. 14. He takes his jacket off and looks into a rather large telescope. It is trained on the apartment opposite his. Hannah stands at a drafting table where she see draws a face. Her apartment is colorful and cozy, but there is something of the same feeling of loneliness in her room a well. She is concentrated fully, biting her lip. She looks charming. She steps back from the drawing and we see it i Liz; the mean person she works with. It is very well done She is unhappy with the drawing, though, and tears it up, tossing it down the trash chute. On her wall are a handful of completed drawings, presumab of other faces from the office. Hannah has let her hair down. She looks very comfortable and walks to the window where she languidly stretches. We see a hint of her bare midriff. She then walks to her couch and lays back, yawning deeply In his apartment Simon reaches for a simple chair and remains watching Hannah. Simon takes the pieces of paper he collected from the tra and puts them on the floor,;,.working to piece them toget We see that it is another of Hannah’s drawings, an earlie draft of LIZ - but still very accomplished. Simon looks up from the floor and returns to the telescop He sees his reflection in the glass, hollow and ghostly.
17) 25) dialog: What are you doing here?
17) 27) dialog: How?
17) 29) dialog: He lived above me. My neighbor told me about it. (beat) I didn’t know him. 18.
17) 31) dialog: (shaking her head) Strange. As they watch the police work with moving the body. Hanna cringes and grabs Simon by the arm. Simon talks loud, as though he is resolved.
17) 33) dialog: It’s mandatory. They stand in silence for a moment. HANNAH turns to leave Simon shouts after her.
17) 35) dialog: Yes? SIMON. It’s terrible to,be alone too much.
18) 0) text: Simon and Hannah sit opposite one another in the booth of an ancient looking diner.
18) 2) dialog: (neutral) I don’t really understand computers. They are quiet and a WAITRESS comes and drops off their drinks. 19. Hannah has tea in front of her while Simon has some blue soda. Simon looks a little confused.
18) 8) dialog: (looking suspicious) Why?
18) 10) dialog: It’s from the printer.
19) 0) text: Simon quickly grabs for the pay phone. He tries to look around the corridor into the restaurant but just barely can’t see where Hannah is sitting.
20) 0) text: Simon stands at the table, but Hannah is now gone. Her te is-only partially finished. He picks up a note, it reads, “Sorry, had to go. Maybe se you at the Colonel’s ball - Hannah.” Simon looks both discouraged and excited. He lifts his ey once again to the silly show on the television. It goes t a commercial break and we cut to an image of an enormous pile of papers, taller than a man.
26) 0) text: Simon wanders through a series of rooms, looking for Hannah. 27. Various people enjoying themselves. Papadopolous is doing vaguely racist impression of someone, to the delight of some business colleagues. He sees Hannah sitting at the other end of a room. She’s a fifties-style ball gown and is smoking a cigarette. Sim watches her for a while. She looks a bit bored, alone, seemingly ready for someone to approach her. Time seems to stand still. The song played by the band sounds epic and romantic. Just as she looks up and returns his gaze, two men grab Simon and start dragging him out of the building.
28) 0) text: SIMON follows the man through various streets. The man is walking so quickly that Simon can barely keep up. EXT. SIMON’S APARTMENT BLOCK - NIGHT The man reaches Simon’s apartment block and, without looking back, skips into HANNAH’s block of flats. SIMON rushes up to his apartment. INT. SIMON’S APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS Simon runs to the telescope and starts scouring the vario rooms to see if he can see where his double is. Something draws him to the flat above Hannah's. He sees a door open and light pour in from the corridor. The main light is switched on. The figure walks to the window and stares almost straight at Simon before drawing the blinds. Although very distant, the face bears a striking resemblance to Simon’s.
29) 0) text: Simon - looking a bit tired and rumpled - is signing in just as Hannah passes. This time he manages to get into t elevator with her. INT. ELEVATOR —- MORNING Simon stands awkwardly at some considerable distance from Hannah.
29) 2) dialog: I’m going down. 30.
54) 0) text: Simon and James are finishing up their lunch. James is eating an apple suggestively. In the distance we see he is making intense eye contact with Hannah. She looks up at him and then averts her eyes Simon is talking to James who is only half-listening.
54) 8) dialog: Do you mind if I sit here?
54) 10) dialog: I’d really plucked up my courage to do this, but now... (laughs) Do you think we could maybe meet after work?
54) 12) dialog: It’s just I don’t want people round here to listen in on us. You know what it’s like in these buildings. Is there a place we could meet where we won’t have like work people around? We see JAMES looking on from a distance. Hannah leaves Simon’s table. He looks around and sees James. Simon smiles, James smiles back. 46.
55) 0) text: SIMON paces. He’s wearing a relatively smart jacket and looks like he’s taken a little more care with his appearance than usual. He sees Hannah approaching, castin a similar shadow to when Simon saw the Double after the Ball.
55) 1) dialog: Nice spot here.
55) 3) dialog: Yeah, the fumes help with that. (beat) So: here’s the thing. I have this crush on someone.
55) 5) dialog: And this person on whom I have the crush doesn’t know that they’re the subject of my crush. (beat) And I'm pretty sure this person might have a crush on me too.
55) 7) dialog: I’ve seen him looking at me.
55) 9) dialog: He works in my office. So I often notice him looking at me.
55) 11) dialog: And he seems to have moved right next to where I live.
55) 13) dialog: It could be. 47.
55) 15) dialog: I wouldn’t dare.
55) 17) dialog: I don’t know...
55) 19) dialog: He just seems like one of those people who’s really popular.
55) 21) dialog: You know - everyone likes him - I imagine he has a lot of girls interested in him. He probably looks at everyone. SIMON blanches.
55) 22) dialog: But, you seem close to him so I thought you might know what he thought.
55) 24) dialog: Oh God- is it that obvious? I don’t know what it is. I’ve never met anyone like him. Not that I've really met him. I think I’ve said hello to him maybe once.
55) 26) dialog: Do you think you could find out if he is interested in me? God this is so dumb!
55) 28) dialog: I don’t know.
55) 30) dialog: He has something.
55) 32) dialog: You can tell by just looking at someone
55) 34) dialog: Yes. (beat) Listen - maybe it’s better if I just tell him.
55) 36) dialog: Really?
55) 38) dialog: Oh, thanks. Only if you’re comfortable with...
55) 40) dialog: I know it seems a little shallow of me...
55) 42) dialog: No. Thanks... She's clearly forgotten his name.
55) 45) dialog: Sorry! I’m just flustered. I’m... She hugs him. We see SIMON allow his face to relax into disappointment.
55) 46) dialog: That’s great. There’s an awkward pause.
55) 47) dialog: God. This is so teenage... INT. SIMON’S APARTMENT - NIGHT SIMON lies on his couch, looking up at the ceiling. He suddenly rushes to the bathroom. INT. SIMON'S BATHROOM —- CONTINUOUS Simon vomits into the toilet. He stands up groggily and looks at himself in the mirror. INT. SIMON’S APARTMENT. LIVING ROOM»- A LITTLE LATER SIMON looks through his, telescope at JAMES’ apartment. H is slumped on a chair playing a video game. He is greedil throwing popcorn into his,mouth. Below we look at Hannah’s apartment. She is drawing at he desk. She seems to,be happy, concentrating on her drawing A few feet away we see several drawings that she has made of James. Simon sighs and hangs his head.
61) 0) text: SIMON sits opposite HANNAH in a restaurant. He looks very uncomfortable. HANNAH shifts in her seat. It is silent for a long, long time.
64) 0) text: James and Simon get to the door leading back into the restaurant. James peeks through it, but can’t see Hannah.
66) 0) text: SIMON watches HANNAH from afar. She seems very happy. He approaches the desk, holding a few sheets of A4. Again Liz is there to greet him.
66) 3) dialog: Hi, creepy guy.
66) 5) dialog: Do you want me to call and get it fixed?
66) 7) dialog: What’s your desk number? She's picked up the phone and is already dialling.
66) 10) dialog: I’ve found them to be very timely.
66) 12) dialog: Do you want me to photocopy these?
66) 14) dialog: One copy.
66) 16) dialog: How did what go?
66) 19) dialog: Thanks for the introduction -
66) 21) dialog: That he didn’t take advantage of me? There is a long pause.
66) 23) dialog: That’s very kind of you.
66) 25) dialog: I’m okay.
73) 20) dialog: Hello?
75) 1) dialog: Simon? Simon is taken off guard, surprised to see Hannah in his domain. She looks upset and nervous.
75) 2) dialog: Do you think I can come to your apartment tonight? (beat) I know it seems weird - it’s just - I think James is seeing someone else.
75) 4) dialog: - and he told me that you sometimes watch my apartment from a telescope in your room - which I’m fine with - I don’t care - it’s actually reassuring ina strange way —
75) 6) dialog: - and I thought it could be interesting to find out exactly who else he’s seeing. Simon stands up and starts to usher her into a corridor, away from the main room.
75) 7) dialog: Not that he’s even trying to hide it -
75) 9) dialog: I can hear them above me in that room of his.
75) 11) dialog: Which I know and always have known, but to be made a fool of by... SIMON. A villain. It’s not your fault.
75) 12) dialog: Of course it is! I knew what he was. But then he’d say something about how he knew me. That he could,tell I was a lonely person - because he knew what it was like to be lonely and lost and invisible. Like someone could push their hand straight through you, and I'd just melt! Hannah reaches out, distraught, and puts her hand on Simon's chest.
75) 14) dialog: (recovering) You think you’re better? I’ve seen you with Melanie. (beat) 74.
75) 15) dialog: Your apartment’s right opposite mine so you might want to close the blinds next time you interfere with a minor. Simon is petrified for a moment.
75) 17) dialog: Fuck you, Polanski. Don’t worry - I’m not going to tell - I just didn’t think you had it in you. She starts crying again, and leans in to Simon.
75) 18) dialog: I just feel so fucking stupid to have fallen for it all. He hugs her, nervous that someone from the office will intervene.
75) 19) dialog: (really crying) He told me he felt like Pinnochio. I always loved that movie. I just wanted to help him and look after him! We see Simon react, looking out over her shoulder.
75) 20) dialog: Don’ttouch me! Why are you touching me?
75) 22) dialog: So can I come to your place? Tonight?
77) 0) text: Simon is pacing,outside his apartment. The light is on. He’s urging them to hurry up. Hannah approaches.,Simon steels himself.
77) 2) dialog: Come on. I’m not in the mood
77) 4) dialog: You've been stalking me for as long as I’ve known you and now you won’t let me into your apartment?
77) 6) dialog: You’re a snake. She shakes her head and walks away.
79) 0) text: Simon turns up at work, and signs in looking totally dishevelled. Hannah walks by him with a look of contempt.
81) 0) text: Simon, out of habit, looks through the dumpster outside o Hannah’s apartment. Simon frantically pieces a few torn up strips of paper together. They are pictures of James, but somehow this ti they look more like Simon. EXT. SIMON’S APARTMENT - NIGHT Simon watches Hannah enter her apartment from near the entrance to his. We see he wants to talk to her but holds back. She turns and sees him, she looks up to his apartment, she sees JAMES walk to the window, he has no t on, MELANIE approaches him and nuzzles his neck. She looks back at Simon. 78. She walks over to Simon and slaps him hard on the face.
81) 1) dialog: Who are you?
81) 3) dialog: You haven't, have you? You don’t do anything. Simon doesn’t say anything and Hannah turns, going back t her apartment. Simon puts his hand to his face. INT. SIMON’S APARTMENT DOOR - NIGHT Simon bangs on the door. There’s no answer. We just hear giggling. He bangs on the door again. JAMES opens the door, brandishing a._knife. He launches a Simon, knocking him to the ground. James straddles him an runs the knife along Simon’s face.
89) 0) text: Hannah rests on a gurney. She is being wheeled quickly do the hallway of a hospital. There is vomit on her top and she seems to be in some pain. Simon is running along side trying to keep up.
91) 0) text: Hannah is under the covers. SIMON tentatively gets on to the bed and lies on top of the duvet, as far from HANNAH he can be without falling off the side.
92) 0) text: SIMON wakes up. He checks on Hannah - she’s still sleeping. 90. He creeps out of Hannah’s room and into the sitting room, unable to believe he’s there. He searches in his bag and fishes out a book. He places it next to Hannah. INT. SIMON’S APARTMENT BLOCK - LATER Simon rides the lift up to his apartment. He almost looks happy. INT. HANNAH’S BEDROOM - DAY HANNAH wakes up and sees a book on the pillow next to her It’s the book that Simon left. She opens it and sees it contains the various pictures that she’d drawn, torn up a threw away. They have been carefully put back together again. In between one of the pages is a note written by Simon. It says: ‘I think these are really good - Simons” INT. SIMON’'S APARTMENT - DAY Again, it’s a mess. But this time, Simon doesn’t seem to mind as much. He checks his messages. We hear a voice.
96) 5) dialog: I think so.
96) 7) dialog: Simon, what happened to you?
97) 0) text: We see SIMON walking briskly to his apartment block. He looks back at HANNAH’S APARTMENT.
98) 0) text: Hannah looks out of her window at SIMON. INT. SIMON’S APARTMENT Gently, Simon opens the door. In the dim light he can see James and Melanie sleeping on his bed. Simon quietly locates JAMES’ trousers and takes JAMES’ APARTMENT KEY and IDENTITY CARD. He finds his TUXEDO and silent changes into it. He puts t keys and card into his pocket. He approaches the bed and inches open the drawer in the bedside table. In it are the snake-handled knives and the pair of handcuffs. He removes the handcuffs. Carefully, he locks James’ hand to the bed head. He picks up one of the knives and runs the tip of it very near, but not touching, James’ face before placing its ti on James’ throat. He looks at JAMES’S SWOLLEN nose. In a quick move he removes the plaster on James’s Adam's apple. Underneath, is the same ugly pick gash as Simon ha on his. The phone rings James stirs. Simon rushes over and picks up. He is still holding the knife.
98) 2) dialog: It’s Hannah. Are you okay?
98) 4) dialog: You left kind of abruptly. Can I come over?
98) 6) dialog: You're not going to do something stupid —-
99) 1) dialog: Simon, what are you doing? INT. JAMES’ APARTMENT —- CONTINUOUS Simon washes his face in the bathroom sink. He looks at himself in the bathroom mirror. 96. He takes out the snake-handled knife, raises the blade of the knife to his face and hesitates. We see Simon draw the knife to a spot a fraction to the side of his left eye. He cuts himself deeply and we see blood. INT. SIMON’S APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS We briefly see JAMES on the bed. He twitches in his sleep INT. JAMES’ APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS We cut back to Simon, he has cut a deep gash into his fac He looks at himself in the mirror. He picks up a white flannel and presses it to his face to stop the bleeding.
100) 0) text: Hannah is running down the stairs. INT. JAMES’ APARTMENT Simon finishes off a note and pins,it to his lapel pocket SIMON walks over to the window and calmly opens it. He steps out onto the ledge. He looks down, and inches acros as though he’s aiming for something. Once he’s found his spot he waits. INT. SIMON’S APARTMENT JAMES wakes up. His face is covered in blood. He tries to get up, but the handcuffs prevent him. When he can’t find the key. He starts to violently pull at them until they come off. “His wrist starts to bleed. Melanie wakes up, groggy:
101) 0) text: Hannah looks up at JAMES’ apartment, trying to see what’s going on.
101) 1) dialog: Simon! What are you doing? She hears the ambulance siren.
102) 4) dialog: I think so. She looks at the long gash on the side of his face.
102) 7) dialog: What’s his name?
102) 9) dialog: His;name is James. (to, Simon) Your name is James, isn’t it? They exchange a look. Simon nods.