8) 5) dialog: Why didn’t you just print out two copies?
8) 7) dialog: You shouldn’t use this department for just one copy. She takes the papers.
8) 8) dialog: This is the last time. SIMON watches HANNAH talk on the phone as we hear the rumble of PHOTOCOPIERS.
16) 0) text: SIMON hurries up the stairs, almost running into an old woman on his way up. INT. SIMON’S APARTMENT. Simon enters his apartment and quickly walks to the windo turning on a small floor lamp. His apartment is very sparse and small; a bookshelf, desk and a small television. There are few pictures on the wal and his bed sits on the floor. It is meticulously clean, the product of a very ordered personality. Simon looks out the window to the hundreds of apartments the building across from him. Simon reaches up and lifts the window open as wide as it can go. The wind pours through the apartment and Simon leans out, looking into the great distance below. 14. He takes his jacket off and looks into a rather large telescope. It is trained on the apartment opposite his. Hannah stands at a drafting table where she see draws a face. Her apartment is colorful and cozy, but there is something of the same feeling of loneliness in her room a well. She is concentrated fully, biting her lip. She looks charming. She steps back from the drawing and we see it i Liz; the mean person she works with. It is very well done She is unhappy with the drawing, though, and tears it up, tossing it down the trash chute. On her wall are a handful of completed drawings, presumab of other faces from the office. Hannah has let her hair down. She looks very comfortable and walks to the window where she languidly stretches. We see a hint of her bare midriff. She then walks to her couch and lays back, yawning deeply In his apartment Simon reaches for a simple chair and remains watching Hannah. Simon takes the pieces of paper he collected from the tra and puts them on the floor,;,.working to piece them toget We see that it is another of Hannah’s drawings, an earlie draft of LIZ - but still very accomplished. Simon looks up from the floor and returns to the telescop He sees his reflection in the glass, hollow and ghostly.
66) 0) text: SIMON watches HANNAH from afar. She seems very happy. He approaches the desk, holding a few sheets of A4. Again Liz is there to greet him.
66) 2) dialog: Hannah! That creepy guy’s here again. Hannah comes over, still in a good mood.