6) 12) dialog: Hey.
6) 17) dialog: Idiot. (to SIMON) You can go now. Simon remains, looking confused.
6) 19) dialog: Because if I were to find out how depressingly meaningless what you do actually is I might be forced to feel sorry for you.
21) 0) text: We reveal that Simon, Melanie and Harris*watch an ORIENTATION VIDEO.
21) 4) dialog: This is colossally boring. Simon and Harris return their attention to the video.
21) 10) dialog: Are you touching my earlobe? We return to see Harris, reaching his hand behind Simon's head, limply holding Melanie’s earlobe.
21) 13) dialog: I’m going to leave now. (beat, to Simon) And, you're pathetic. She’s got to be at the ball, it’s mandatory.
21) 15) dialog: I’m underage, you sack of shit.
21) 17) dialog: (to SIMON) I just hope I’m not so upset that I tell my Dad about this.
48) 0) text: James sits at the same couch next to Melanie. Melanie, fa from being sullen is now effusive and interested.
48) 1) dialog: No, all of the boys in my school are so childish, so immature.
50) 0) text: James is sat much closer to Melanie. James talks near her ear.
50) 2) dialog: Wow. He starts to stroke MELANIE’S earlobe.
52) 1) dialog: Exactly. It’s like Daddy wanting me to go out on a date with his friend’s son. Like just because we're the same age doesn’t mean we have anything in common, right?
52) 3) dialog: You think? JAMES closes the blinds.
80) 0) text: Simon’s at his desk, staring, crushed with tiredness. He sees JAMES and MELANIE flirting outside his office. Sh laughs loudly at his jokes and leans provocatively agains the door. EXT. VARIOUS —- NIGHT Simon walks through the city. At one point his shadow briefly seems like it’s moving independently of him. He turns round and sees the frightening man who sat next to him»on the bench.
81) 0) text: Simon, out of habit, looks through the dumpster outside o Hannah’s apartment. Simon frantically pieces a few torn up strips of paper together. They are pictures of James, but somehow this ti they look more like Simon. EXT. SIMON’S APARTMENT - NIGHT Simon watches Hannah enter her apartment from near the entrance to his. We see he wants to talk to her but holds back. She turns and sees him, she looks up to his apartment, she sees JAMES walk to the window, he has no t on, MELANIE approaches him and nuzzles his neck. She looks back at Simon. 78. She walks over to Simon and slaps him hard on the face.
81) 11) dialog: Who was that?
93) 9) dialog: What the fuck are you doing here? His mother’s just died! Simon launches at JAMES. Unlike in the office, the Melanie three ina them. old people assembled are unable to prise them apart. Simon lands a great punch, right on James’s NOSE. James throws his head back and squeals with pain. He drops to his knee 92.
98) 0) text: Hannah looks out of her window at SIMON. INT. SIMON’S APARTMENT Gently, Simon opens the door. In the dim light he can see James and Melanie sleeping on his bed. Simon quietly locates JAMES’ trousers and takes JAMES’ APARTMENT KEY and IDENTITY CARD. He finds his TUXEDO and silent changes into it. He puts t keys and card into his pocket. He approaches the bed and inches open the drawer in the bedside table. In it are the snake-handled knives and the pair of handcuffs. He removes the handcuffs. Carefully, he locks James’ hand to the bed head. He picks up one of the knives and runs the tip of it very near, but not touching, James’ face before placing its ti on James’ throat. He looks at JAMES’S SWOLLEN nose. In a quick move he removes the plaster on James’s Adam's apple. Underneath, is the same ugly pick gash as Simon ha on his. The phone rings James stirs. Simon rushes over and picks up. He is still holding the knife.
100) 0) text: Hannah is running down the stairs. INT. JAMES’ APARTMENT Simon finishes off a note and pins,it to his lapel pocket SIMON walks over to the window and calmly opens it. He steps out onto the ledge. He looks down, and inches acros as though he’s aiming for something. Once he’s found his spot he waits. INT. SIMON’S APARTMENT JAMES wakes up. His face is covered in blood. He tries to get up, but the handcuffs prevent him. When he can’t find the key. He starts to violently pull at them until they come off. “His wrist starts to bleed. Melanie wakes up, groggy:
100) 1) dialog: Simon, what are you doing? She switches on the bedside lamp. James walks like an automaton towards the window. We hear the distant sound of an AMBULANCE approaching. INT. JAMES’ APARTMENT Simon stands calmly on the window ledge. He looks serene, but notes the light now coming from his apartment. He loo down, the ambulance is closer. He looks at his wrist, a line of blood appears on it. He sucks the blood off, staining his teeth. 97.
102) 1) dialog: Simon! You're bleeding! Why are you bleeding? The sound of the ambulance is now LOUD. JAMES looks down SIMON’S mangled body on the ground. He can see HANNAH nex to him and the ambulance pull into his view.