0) 3) dialog: Sorry?
0) 5) dialog: (being pushed) Sorry. Simon waits for the others to get on the train. His path finally clear, he attempts to leave again. As he steps forward one last person jumps onto the train bumping him to the side.
0) 6) text: Excuse me. The person doesn’t even acknowledge Simon. There is a beep and Simon has to leap forward, barely making it out through the sliding doors. As the train departs, we see SIMON getting smaller and smaller on the EMPTY PLATFORM.
1) 0) text: We are in New York, or some comparable metropolis. Though everything is familiar the world is somewhat off, somewha strange. Simon walks down a MOSTLY EMPTY street, keeping his eyes lowered. There are huge buildings on either side of him. Any other people on the street are walking in the other direction and Simon has to dodge them to avoid collisions
2) 0) text: SIMON waits outside AN ENORMOUS OFFICE, BUILDING. It’s relatively deserted. TIME PASSES and a few people, come and go. Eventually, SIMON spots. a woman, HANNAH, approaching the LOBBY of the building. SIMON smiles, then composes himsel and skips after. her.
3) 0) text: Simon enters the lobby of the office building. A few step ahead we see HANNAH. She is using a card to swipe through barrier. Hannah is Simon’s age. She is a little unkempt, but very pretty.
3) 1) dialog: Hannah, are you going to... Simon smiles and quickens his pace a bit. He takes out hi card, and swipes through, but the barrier doesn’t move. A GUARD sitting behind a large marble desk calls out to Simon just as Hannah begins to turn around.
3) 5) dialog: My card’s not working for some reason.
3) 7) dialog: I work here. I have a card. My name is Simon James - you don’t recognise me? He sees Hannah getting into an elevator and watches=the door close. Simon frowns and signs the sheet. His is the first name. He is given a DAY PASS that says ‘SIMON AMES - TEMPORARY VISITOR’. SIMON .(CONT’D) Oh, sorry. My name is Simon James. Not Simon,Ames... Simon trails off as he sees that the guard is no longer paying attention to him. INT. ELEVATOR — EARLY MORNING Simon rides up an enormous elevator. The biggest elevator you have ever seen. We watch Simon from above as he STANDS ALONE in the middl
4) 0) text: Simon sits at his cubicle in the middle of an enormous office space. The place is separated into hundreds of cubicles. SIMON is the first person there. His desk and cubicle are just slightly too small for him. Every cubicle has the same computer. The computers are enormous, taking up half of the cubicle space. They are box-y and make loud whirring noises that fi11 the office. The office has no windows other than wall made of tinted glass. 4. Simon sits down at his desk, adjusting himself in his too small chair. He looks at a stack of paper and frowns a little. A few people enter the office dressed as Simon is, with a white shirt and tie. Simon looks up and greets them with his slight, hesitant voice, but none of them acknowledge him.
5) 0) text: All the cubicles are now full with office workers. Everyo is much, much older than Simon. Simon sits at his desk, copying a hand-written page onto his computer. The pages are all questionnaires: long survey-like documents of various people, filled with categories like ‘profession", ‘marital status’, ‘personal habits’, ‘interests’ etc Simon finishes up the page he is copying and moves,to the next page. He has nearly completed copying an, enormous batch.
6) 0) text: Simon stares off into the distance. He occasionally pecks something out on his keyboard. Across the room we see MR. PAPADOPOULOS, an extraordinari round man. He has thick eyebrows and his brown suit indicates that he is in management.
6) 2) dialog: Excuse me. Umm, Mr. Papadopoulos?
6) 6) dialog: (frowning) Seven years, sir.
6) 8) dialog: (confused) You're welcome, sir. (beat) Actually, I have some rather exciting ideas I‘4ve been wanting to share with the colonel about what we could do with the computers, things that would make the reports much more powerful, and efficient and...
6) 10) dialog: (confused) A nice name. Papadopoulos has now stopped at a strange office behind t tinted glass. The door says, “The Colonel’s Quarters. Executive Offices.”
6) 13) dialog: (confused) Hello.
6) 15) dialog: What?
6) 18) dialog: Yes, I do have to be going, I suppose.
7) 0) text: Simon searches his wallet for a dollar. He can only find five. He uses the change machine and picks up the heavy load of quarters.
7) 1) text: Simon sips his coffee and stares blankly ahead. He sees a POSTER on the notice board that says, ‘THE COLONEL’S BALL. DRINKS, DANCING, ENJOYMENT. ATTENDANCE MANDATORY. ’ Harris enters the room. He looks through his wallet for a moment before turning to talk to Simon.
7) 3) dialog: Just a little while ago.
7) 5) dialog: I did the entire thing last time.
7) 7) dialog: (shaking, head) Just leave it on my desk. I’1l get to it.
7) 11) dialog: It’s mandatory.
8) 0) text: SIMON stands with a large stack of paper under his arm. INT. PHOTOCOPYING DEPT. SIMON waits at the counter. He sees HANNAH approach. Hannah's face is hard to read and she doesn’t give out to many visual clues. She’s different than the rest of Simon coworkers, but inscrutable.
8) 1) dialog: Hi. Can I get these copied please?
8) 3) dialog: Well, it was something... A TELEPHONE RINGS. HANNAH steps away to answer.
8) 6) dialog: Sorry...
9) 0) text: Simon sits alone at a circular table in the middle of an enormous cafeteria. People sit together at tables all around him, while Simon barely touches his food and reads a book. Simon looks up from the book and sees Hannah also sitting alone at a nearby table. HARRIS sidles up beside him.
9) 2) dialog: What?
9) 4) dialog: I'm just trying...
9) 6) dialog: (frowning) No! I’ve barely talked to her...
9) 8) dialog: She doesn’t strike me as the type to go.
9) 10) dialog: Not everyone goes. 10.
10) 0) text: Simon sits at his desk. He looks very tired. He is talkin on the phone.
10) 1) dialog: (into phone) Yes, mother. I’ll be there. I’m just working a bit late. THE OFFICE is empty. HARRIS enters.
10) 2) dialog: (into phone) Goodbye, then.
10) 4) dialog: Bye.
11) 0) text: Simon stands across the street from his office building, not many people are around. Hannah exits the building alone. Simon slinks back into t shadows and watches her go. He sighs.
12) 0) text: Simon sits in an uncomfortable looking chair, opposite hi MOTHER. Simon’s Mother is not particularly old, but she has cloud eyes and a generally vacant expression. In the distance we see other residents watching a dated game show. All the furniture seems a bit strange. 11. Closer is a tiny old lady of unclear ethnicity, perhaps a GYPSY WOMAN. She is bundled up and seems to be staring at Simon. Simon glances at her occasionally, looking uncomfortable.
12) 1) dialog: Things are going very well for me at work, you'll be happy to know. I expect to speak with The Colonel about some plans I’ve been working on. You wouldn’t believe what these computers are capable of. I really think they’re going to change things.
12) 3) dialog: There’s also a girl that I’m interested in, and well, it’s been going slowly, but I think something might be about to happen.
12) 5) dialog: Srange? No. Well, she’s never been particularly warm, and sometimes she gets confused.
12) 7) dialog: Though she does have her moments of lucidity.
12) 9) dialog: No, thanks I’m fine.
12) 12) dialog: Yes. (to Gypsy) Excuse me. Simon walks a few steps away to speak with the man.
12) 14) dialog: Yes, well, there was a rather large cost increase, and no explanation, so I thought it might be a mistake.
12) 16) dialog: And why is that?
12) 18) dialog: But that seems a little...
12) 20) dialog: (thinks a second) No.
12) 22) dialog: She doesn’t seem quite as well.
13) 0) text: Simon walks home through an enormous complex of tall apartment buildings. They look so alike you can’t tell th difference between any of them.
14) 0) text: Simon sifts through the dumpster behind an apartment building. Above is a shoot from which the trash comes. A black bag drops down as Simon looks through the debris. Simon has several scraps of paper in his hand but is stil searching. He finally finds another scrap of paper and greedily grab it. He steps down from the dumpster and is embarrassed to see JANITOR watching him.
15) 0) text: Simon hurries across the courtyard to the apartment directly across from the building the dumpster was attach to.
16) 0) text: SIMON hurries up the stairs, almost running into an old woman on his way up. INT. SIMON’S APARTMENT. Simon enters his apartment and quickly walks to the windo turning on a small floor lamp. His apartment is very sparse and small; a bookshelf, desk and a small television. There are few pictures on the wal and his bed sits on the floor. It is meticulously clean, the product of a very ordered personality. Simon looks out the window to the hundreds of apartments the building across from him. Simon reaches up and lifts the window open as wide as it can go. The wind pours through the apartment and Simon leans out, looking into the great distance below. 14. He takes his jacket off and looks into a rather large telescope. It is trained on the apartment opposite his. Hannah stands at a drafting table where she see draws a face. Her apartment is colorful and cozy, but there is something of the same feeling of loneliness in her room a well. She is concentrated fully, biting her lip. She looks charming. She steps back from the drawing and we see it i Liz; the mean person she works with. It is very well done She is unhappy with the drawing, though, and tears it up, tossing it down the trash chute. On her wall are a handful of completed drawings, presumab of other faces from the office. Hannah has let her hair down. She looks very comfortable and walks to the window where she languidly stretches. We see a hint of her bare midriff. She then walks to her couch and lays back, yawning deeply In his apartment Simon reaches for a simple chair and remains watching Hannah. Simon takes the pieces of paper he collected from the tra and puts them on the floor,;,.working to piece them toget We see that it is another of Hannah’s drawings, an earlie draft of LIZ - but still very accomplished. Simon looks up from the floor and returns to the telescop He sees his reflection in the glass, hollow and ghostly.
16) 1) dialog: What’s wrong with you? HANNAH gets up and leaves the room. SIMON waits for a whi before allowing himself to tilt the telescope and survey Aeman watching a commercial. A beautiful woman brushing her hair in the mirror. Someone with his back to us peeing in the bathroom. Simon moves the telescope to the apartment above Hannah's and we see a MAN dressed very formally in a tuxedo starin directly at Simon with his own pair of binoculars. The ma has a piece of paper pinned to his lapel. He is holding a bloody handkerchief to the side of his head. Simon takes a step back in shock and embarrassment before looking through the telescope again. The man is still there, staring at Simon through his binoculars. The man waves at Simon. 15. He looks exactly the same as the man who told Simon out of his place n the Subway. Simon hesitantly raises his hand in reply. The man steps on the ledge of his window. The man, now steadied on the window, again waves at The man dramatically leaps from the window. The man to fall and fall. We never see him land. Simon gasps and jumps up. He still has his hand up response to the man.
17) 0) text: The flashing of police lights fills the courtyard. voices in the background. to move Simon. seems in We hear Simon leans against the side of the building, within the area cordoned off by the police. Two police officers are carefully carrying a body, alread enclosed within a bag, dowm.a ladder. The body had on a hard veranda. landed A FAT DETECTIVE.is Sipping on a cup of coffee and writing notes as he talks to Simon. A FEMALE DETECTIVE looks over his shoulders as he writes.
17) 2) dialog: I called the police.
17) 4) dialog: He waved at me.
17) 6) dialog: Right before he jumped. He waved. 16.
17) 9) dialog: I wonder why he did it?
17) 14) dialog: Did he suffer?
17) 16) dialog: Do you see this sort of thing often?
17) 18) dialog: Only suicides?
17) 20) dialog: For the whole city? The detective looks at him like he’s crazy 17.
17) 24) dialog: It’s Simon. I work in the same office as you. I often photocopy things...
17) 26) dialog: The man that jumped. I was the one who saw him.
17) 28) dialog: I live in that building.
17) 30) dialog: He waved at me.
17) 32) dialog: It’s the Colonel’s Ball tomorrow. (beat) Do you think you'll go?
17) 34) dialog: Hannah.
18) 0) text: Simon and Hannah sit opposite one another in the booth of an ancient looking diner.
18) 1) dialog: Yes. So, I’ve been working on a thing to do with regression analysis. Like, in my spare time. I’m pretty happy with it. I’m hoping to show it to the Colonel when it’s ready. I mean, you wouldn’t believe what these computers are capable of. I really think they’re going to change things.
18) 3) dialog: (Calling after the waitress) Erm, I ordered orange juice... No reply.
18) 4) dialog: But I suppose this is just as good. They sit quietly for a few moments. Hannah and Simon turn to a nearby television which is playing an odd futuristic sci-fi/noir movie. Simon looks down at the table. Hannah’s wrist is near his hand. It is fine and fragile, her hand is stained with pencil smudges. He slowly moves his hand forward. Hannah turns to look at Simon and he quickly averts his eyes back to the television show.
18) 6) dialog: I like this show. Hannah smiles at Simon. He finds it hard to read her expression. They return back to the screen for a moment.
18) 7) dialog: Do you draw?
18) 9) dialog: It’s just your hand. Hannah looks down and rubs the pencil marks from her hand We hear a PHONE in the background.
18) 11) dialog: Because it’s cool if you do, I like...
18) 13) dialog: It’s not for me.
18) 15) dialog: (hesitates) That’s me. (to Hannah) Hold on.
19) 0) text: Simon quickly grabs for the pay phone. He tries to look around the corridor into the restaurant but just barely can’t see where Hannah is sitting.
19) 1) dialog: (into phone) Mom? (beat) Yes, but it’s just a night terror. (beat) No that didn’t ever happen. (beat) I know I’m a disappointment. (beat) I have to go, I’m with a girl. (beat) Yes, a female girl. (beat, sighs) I don’t know if she’s fertile.
20) 0) text: Simon stands at the table, but Hannah is now gone. Her te is-only partially finished. He picks up a note, it reads, “Sorry, had to go. Maybe se you at the Colonel’s ball - Hannah.” Simon looks both discouraged and excited. He lifts his ey once again to the silly show on the television. It goes t a commercial break and we cut to an image of an enormous pile of papers, taller than a man.
21) 0) text: We reveal that Simon, Melanie and Harris*watch an ORIENTATION VIDEO.
21) 2) dialog: (whisper) No. Just,that she was definitely going.
21) 6) dialog: It’s actually quite exciting, the new technology is incredibly powerful. Right now we’re using a scattershot approach, but... (MORE )
21) 8) dialog: I’ve been meaning to talk to your father and the Colonel about this... using simple regression analysis and honing in on a few key signals we can use these machines to find out anything we need incredibly quickly. We could really reconfigure the entire business. (beat) You know, I really think computers are going to change things. Both Melanie and Harris look at Simon as though he’s craz We return to the video. THE COLONEL is shaking hands with various people next to one of his enormous computers
21) 12) dialog: Harris: that’s not appropriate.
21) 18) dialog: (turning to HARRIS) What are you doing? You shouldn't even be here. He leaves. We see the projection screen.
22) 0) text: SIMON stuffs his work clothes into a bag. He is wearing a tuxedo. He looks in the mirror and practices introduction
22) 1) dialog: Oh - hi Hannah.,Hannah! Hi. Hannah? Hey. Simon. From the scene of the suicide! Etc. INT. OFFICE —, EVENING Again, Simon is the last one there. He dumps his bag underneath his desk. He looks around tentatively, then steps up onto his desk to repeat the trick Harris did. Bu as soon as he sets foot on another desk an alarm sounds. He looks around in panic.
23) 0) text: Simon sits opposite someone who is typing up a report on him.
23) 1) dialog: What are you writing?
23) 3) dialog: I’ve never done anything like that before. 24.
23) 6) dialog: How will I get in and out of the building?
23) 8) dialog: Why does no one else need to swipe in?
23) 11) dialog: See? He knows I work here. Harris! Tell him who I am.
23) 13) dialog: He’s being a dick... The man looks sternly at Simon for swearing.
23) 14) dialog: -a silly person. I had my card confiscated-
23) 18) dialog: Everyone is on the list. I’ve worked here for seven years.
23) 20) dialog: I work here. Why would I try to break in to something that’s mandatory? It’s a job requirement.
23) 22) dialog: Do you know what mandatory means? No one wants to go to this. We hear joyous cheers from within.
23) 24) dialog: Very good. Excellent. I’1l be telling the Colonel about the great work you're all doing.
24) 0) text: SIMON, crouched down peers through a crack in the door. W see his POV of a grand ballroom. People are milling about eating canapes, chatting, laughing and dancing to the mus played by a band. The band are impossibly old. A WAITER swooshes by, leaving SIMON exposed in an odd posture. He walks forward in a crouched manner and tries to casually segue into standing up and walking properly. A few people notice him, but he’s largely ignored.
25) 0) text: SIMON picks up a drink and some hors d’oeuvres. He looks a long table full of strange raffle prizes. The band play a fanfare and people shuffle «to attention. Mr. Papadapolous takes to the stage and stands on a pre- prepared box.
26) 0) text: Simon wanders through a series of rooms, looking for Hannah. 27. Various people enjoying themselves. Papadopolous is doing vaguely racist impression of someone, to the delight of some business colleagues. He sees Hannah sitting at the other end of a room. She’s a fifties-style ball gown and is smoking a cigarette. Sim watches her for a while. She looks a bit bored, alone, seemingly ready for someone to approach her. Time seems to stand still. The song played by the band sounds epic and romantic. Just as she looks up and returns his gaze, two men grab Simon and start dragging him out of the building.
26) 2) dialog: What do you mean? I work here. SIMON looks mortified. He gazes at Hannah, «who looks confused, but not particularly concerneds)More and more people at the dance start looking around. The band stops playing.
26) 3) dialog: You’re making a mistake. I work here. I work here! He tries to shrug them off.
26) 4) dialog: There’s no need to drag me. They simply re-double their aggression - the struggle becomes; more undignified. A few steps away we see The Colonel. He listens to someon speaking, nodding with a benign, patrician air. He turns look at Simon. Someone whispers in the Colonel’s ear. Sim looks up: this is the first time he has seen this figure the flesh. EXT. COLONEL’S BALL VENUE SIMON is thrown down the steps and onto the street.
26) 6) dialog: What’s wrong with them? I’ma person, like other people. What’s wrong with you?! It gives the Colonel the complete wrong idea about me. I have things to say to him. Ideas that he’d very much like to hear, I’m sure. Simon pushes the glass door several times causing it to clatter as he continues to yell. Finally he kicks the door which gives a shiver, but the only real result is a sharp pain in his foot. Simon begins to curse to himself loudly. The door swings open and the security man again looks sternly at Simon who continues to curse.
26) 8) dialog: Nothing, -I don’t want anything. The man stares at Simon, the party still going on in the background. The man turns and the door slowly draws to a close. As ‘the door is closing we see a MAN not too far away in conversation. He turns around and we only catch a glimpse of him, but he looks exactly the same as Simon. The door clatters shut as Simon tries desperately to see. Simon seems to go limp with horror. He slumps against the wall as though faint, lowering his head, apart from himse and lost in a nightmare.
27) 0) text: Simon stands on a deserted bridge overlooking a great dea of traffic. He stares down. There is a strange feel in th air. We're not quite sure where we are and things seem a bit off, almost as though Simon is not in control of himself. A long shadow appears, followed by the clip clop of feet. 29. A figure starts walking towards us. Simon doesn’t look up until the figure passes him. The man glances back. Again, incredibly, he has the same face as Simon! After he recovers from shock. Simon starts to follow him.
28) 0) text: SIMON follows the man through various streets. The man is walking so quickly that Simon can barely keep up. EXT. SIMON’S APARTMENT BLOCK - NIGHT The man reaches Simon’s apartment block and, without looking back, skips into HANNAH’s block of flats. SIMON rushes up to his apartment. INT. SIMON’S APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS Simon runs to the telescope and starts scouring the vario rooms to see if he can see where his double is. Something draws him to the flat above Hannah's. He sees a door open and light pour in from the corridor. The main light is switched on. The figure walks to the window and stares almost straight at Simon before drawing the blinds. Although very distant, the face bears a striking resemblance to Simon’s.
29) 0) text: Simon - looking a bit tired and rumpled - is signing in just as Hannah passes. This time he manages to get into t elevator with her. INT. ELEVATOR —- MORNING Simon stands awkwardly at some considerable distance from Hannah.
29) 1) dialog: There was a bit of a mix up at the ball last night. Unfortunate.
29) 3) dialog: I don’t mind going down. SIMON winces to himself.
29) 4) dialog: And then up. An awkward rest of elevator ride. Hannah says ‘bye’ and exits. The doors close and the elevator starts to travel back up. In frustration, Simon kicks the wall. The elevat stops and an alarm sounds.
30) 0) text: Simon sits and watches the person type.
31) 0) text: Dejected, Simon treads heavily through the office while people clack away at their computers. Occasionally someon looks up and smirks in memory of last night’s events. Simon sits down at his desk. He rolls his eyes at Harris who is standing nearby. Simon looks past Harris and sees Papadopoulos walking closer and talking to a person obstructed from our view.
32) 0) text: Simon is on his back being fanned by Mr. Papadopoulos.
32) 2) dialog: No, I’m not diabetic. What happened? Where is he? 32. He searches the faces around him but doesn’t see his double.
32) 3) dialog: Sir, it’s just a shock that, well you know. The new man.
32) 5) dialog: What, no, not drugs... Last night, a man I didn’t know...
33) 0) text: Simon drinks a glass of water to calm his nerves. He appears to be hyperventilating.
34) 0) text: Simon has finished washing his face in front of a long mirror. He has calmed down and focuses on his breathing.
34) 1) dialog: It’s going to be okay. It’s just a resemblance. You’re just a little spooked, right? 33. Simon nods to himself slowly in the mirror. A flush comes from a bathroom stall. Simon looks embarrassed and turns to leave the bathroom. Simon tries to leave, the door to the stall swings open a James exits. They are now face to face, and time seems to slow. They carefully inspect one another; they are mirror images. They start to move again and begin to engage in that awkward dance one does when trying to get past someone. Simon and James both attempt to go to the left, then to t right. James gives Simon a friendly smile. Simon rushes from the bathroom.
35) 0) text: Simon is hiding behind a door at the side ofthe office. He is watching James sitting at his desk. «Around James’ desk we see several other employees, including Harris.
36) 0) text: Simon remains in his hiding spot, watching James. Simon waits until he sees, Harris leave for the elevator. He quickly sidles up to Harris and grabs him by the arm.
37) 0) text: Harris has two extremely large hot dogs in front of him. The restaurant is busy, but Simon doesn’t eat. Harris takes a huge bite of the hot dog and moans with pleasure. He gets ketchup on his lips.
37) 2) dialog: Harris, the new worker here, he... (leaning in and whispering) You spoke to the new employee?
37) 4) dialog: And? 34.
37) 6) dialog: Did you notice anything strange about him...I mean, did he remind you of anyone?
37) 8) dialog: I mean...me, for instance? Harris thinks this over for a moment.
37) 10) dialog: Yes, but, what I mean is...
37) 12) dialog: (in horror) We look related? You think so?
37) 14) dialog: It is incredible! Why didn’t you notice?
37) 18) dialog: There’s no such thing. It’s an incredible coincidence, but... I mean, there are six billion people on the planet. A few are bound to look the same.
37) 20) dialog: What’s he like?
37) 23) dialog: But didn't they...do you know if they said anything about me?
38) 0) text: Simon walks into the enormous and empty elevator. He wait for the door to close. Just before the door closes James joins him. 36.
39) 0) text: Simon and James stand next to each other. Again the resemblance is incredible. Everything about them is the same. They both clear their throat at the same time, then simultaneously frown. James appears content, but Simon’s face shows his concern
40) 0) text: Simon and James walk through the lobby. They walk stride for stride, as though mirror images.
41) 0) text: Simon and James step out of the door at the exact same ti and turn directly into each other. James, as though just deciding something, but still sure of himself, says
42) 0) text: JAMES and SIMON run giggling from a bar. They howl down t street, kicking things over and laughing like children. INT. SIMON'S APARTMENT. NIGHT. Simon and James.stumble through the door, drunk. SIMON disappears off to the kitchen.
42) 1) dialog: That was so much fun! Like when you said to that man ‘who are you looking at, friend?’ That was amazing! I would never do that. I mean, we were almost in a bar fight for god’s sake. ‘Who are you looking at? Friend.’ JAMES takes a look round the apartment. He strolls up to the telescope and looks through it. He sees Hannah's apartment. Hannah is curled up on her sofa watching THE S FI DETECTIVE SERIES on TV. He gives a look of recognition He hears the sound of SIMON returning and walks back to t centre of the room. SIMON has returned with one can of be and one glass.
42) 4) dialog: Action?
42) 7) dialog: What?
42) 9) dialog: (laughs ) No, that’s alright, you can. You can have both.
42) 11) dialog: No.
42) 13) dialog: No. There’s someone I’ve been thinking about a lot.
42) 15) dialog: No, she’s real. A person. 38.
42) 17) dialog: I don’t know. I have all these things I want to say to her. He is sounding quite drunk now. The camera stays on him, moving closer and closer.
42) 18) dialog: Like how I can tell she’s a lonely person - even if others can’t. Because I know what it is to be lonely and lost and invisible.
42) 20) dialog: I've tried talking to her but I don’t know how to be myself. It’s like I’m permanently outside myself. Like you,could push your hand straight through me if you wanted to. Simon looks at his hand.
42) 21) dialog: I can see the type of man I want to be versus the type of man I actually am. (beat) I know that I’m doing it, but I’m incapable of doing what needs to be done. I’m like Pinnocchio. I’m a wooden boy, not a real boy. And it kills me. SIMON looks over and sees that JAMES has fallen asleep. INT. SIMON’S APARTMENT - NIGHT Simon puts a duvet around JAMES and a pillow under his head. Then gently Simon traces a line from Jame’s temple his chin with his finger.
42) 22) dialog: I’m pleased we met. 39. Simon gets up, turns the light off and goes to bed. INT. SIMON’S APARTMENT - MORNING Simon wakes up. He groggily gets out of bed and stumbles into the living area. JAMES is nowhere to be seen. In fact, there is no sign that he was there at all.
43) 0) text: SIMON is signing in at reception while people quickly swi in and bustle on to the elevators. A beaming JAMES appears.
44) 0) text: Simon and James exit the elevator. James is obviously doi the capper line to a joke. The people in the elevator all laugh.
44) 1) dialog: What time did you get in?
46) 0) text: Simon and James stand side by side together in the bathroom. Their shirts are off and their pants rest at their ankles. Simon looks very uncomfortable.
46) 1) dialog: Somebody's going to come in.
46) 4) dialog: Down to the smallest freckle. James looks pointedly at Simon’s crotch.
46) 7) dialog: Jesus. I’m getting back to work. Simon starts to leave but James calls after him.
46) 9) dialog: I don’t know. What if they find out?
46) 11) dialog: But Papadopoulos put me in charge of his daughter.
46) 13) dialog: Do you know anything about what we do here?
46) 15) dialog: Fine.
47) 0) text: Simon sits at James’ desk. He is working on a test. 42.
49) 0) text: Simon is finishing up the test. He looks at the clock and it is well after noon.
51) 0) text: Simon hands the test over to a secretary outside Mr. Papadopoulos’ office. She looks up at him and smiles.
51) 2) dialog: When do you think you’1l have the results?
53) 0) text: Simon sits at James’ desk while Mr. Papadopoulos stands over him excitedly. Simon doesn’t seem to be paying much attention, instead focusing on his empty desk.
53) 2) dialog: Thank you, sir. Simon continues to wait for James to return. He is lookin at his empty desk.
53) 4) dialog: I’m sure there’s some explanation. (MORE )
53) 6) dialog: I’ve found him to be quite competent. He’s probably doing something important.
53) 8) dialog: (agitated) Where were you?
53) 10) dialog: You aced it. James claps his hands and does a spin.
53) 12) dialog: I told you to be back an hour ago.
54) 0) text: Simon and James are finishing up their lunch. James is eating an apple suggestively. In the distance we see he is making intense eye contact with Hannah. She looks up at him and then averts her eyes Simon is talking to James who is only half-listening.
54) 2) dialog: You think?
54) 4) dialog: I do feel like she’s been looking at me a little.
54) 6) dialog: What?
54) 9) dialog: Sure. As in no. I don’t. Sit. Definitely. (beat, trying to be cool) I mean: it’s a free country. There’s an awkward silence for a while.
54) 11) dialog: Okay.
55) 0) text: SIMON paces. He’s wearing a relatively smart jacket and looks like he’s taken a little more care with his appearance than usual. He sees Hannah approaching, castin a similar shadow to when Simon saw the Double after the Ball.
55) 2) dialog: I like to watch people as they pass. It’s a good place to think.
55) 4) dialog: A crush?
55) 6) dialog: How do you, know?
55) 8) dialog: Right.
55) 10) dialog: I see.
55) 12) dialog: That could be a coincidence.
55) 14) dialog: Have you ever thought of telling him how you feel?
55) 16) dialog: Why not?
55) 18) dialog: You should tell him.
55) 20) dialog: Popular?
55) 23) dialog: Right. You mean James?
55) 25) dialog: You've never met anyone like him?
55) 27) dialog: You really think he’s so unique? What exactly is so unique about him? 48.
55) 29) dialog: Try to think.
55) 31) dialog: But you’ve never even spoken to him. How can you know if he has something?
55) 33) dialog: By just looking at someone?
55) 35) dialog: Don’t do that. Look- I’11 tell him. If you want.
55) 37) dialog: Sure. We're pretty close so... he listens to me.
55) 39) dialog: Of course!
55) 41) dialog: No. Sorry I didn’t mean to pry Or...
55) 44) dialog: Simon...
56) 0) text: Simon walks, defeated, next to James. Throughout this wal James passes various people who all acknowledge him, but not Simon.
56) 2) dialog: She’s not your type?
56) 4) dialog: Stay away from Melanie...
56) 6) dialog: I’m responsible for her. JAMES checks out a girl who walks past.
56) 8) dialog: Why did I even tell you? They bump into HARRIS.
57) 0) text: Simon and James walk along. Simon has his head down as though concentrating while James speaks like a professor, using plenty of hand motions. 51.
58) 0) text: Simon and James stand outside a restaurant watching as people walk in. James stares intensely into the eyes of a MODERATELY ATTRACTIVE WOMAN and licks his lips slightly. The woman looks at James as she enters the restaurant.
58) 2) dialog: She was?
59) 0) text: Simon and James are again standing close to one another.
59) 5) dialog: Why?
59) 7) dialog: (confused) Here? Simon puts his hand on James lower back. James swats him away.
59) 9) dialog: You just did that to me.
59) 11) dialog: I like ice cream.
59) 13) dialog: (confused, but going with it) Anything else?
59) 15) dialog: You know a lot about this stuff.
60) 0) text: Simon and James again walking side by side.
60) 2) dialog: What if they find out?
60) 4) dialog: I don’t think anybody’d believe that.
60) 6) dialog: I don’t know if this is me.
60) 8) dialog: I think so.
60) 10) dialog: Hello, there. I did three tours with the merchant marines. James smiles and nods at him proudly. 54.
61) 0) text: SIMON sits opposite HANNAH in a restaurant. He looks very uncomfortable. HANNAH shifts in her seat. It is silent for a long, long time.
61) 1) dialog: You're fucking this up. Say something. Just say something. Anything. How can you be fucking this up so badly? We see Hannah play with her food.
61) 2) dialog: (to Hannah) I used to be an Olympic swimmer.
61) 3) dialog: Go to the bathroom now.
61) 4) dialog: Would you excuse me?
62) 0) text: SIMON/JAMES goes into one,of the cubicles. JAMES is there waiting for him. He has a small radio transmitting device and headphones.
62) 2) dialog: I can’t do this with you shouting in my ear. Simon takes an earpiece out of his ear, and starts removi a clip microphone from underneath his clothes.
62) 4) dialog: She'd know I wasn’t you if I kept opening my mouth. Even when I said hello I saw her fill with doubt. 55.
62) 6) dialog: Like that I want her well-lubed for later? I can’t say things like that.
62) 8) dialog: I’m not going back up there. You go.
62) 10) dialog: We can find out what it is she likes,about you. Then I could try to be more like that on the next date if there’s a next date.
62) 13) dialog: What’s that meant to mean?
62) 15) dialog: I happen to have very serious feelings for this person. 56.
62) 17) dialog: I’m sorry.
63) 0) text: JAMES steps out, quickly followed by SIMON. A man washing his hands at the sink double takes.
64) 0) text: James and Simon get to the door leading back into the restaurant. James peeks through it, but can’t see Hannah.
64) 2) dialog: No- Simon watches James walk into the restaurant and summon a waiter. The waiter points to the door. JAMES glances at Simon, then turns and runs. SIMON pokes his head out more, trying not to be seen. We see HANNAH collecting her coat by the front desk, on h way out. She leaves just before JAMES gets there. JAMES runs over and follows her out of the restaurant. Simon creeps out from behind the door, still nervous of being discovered. He can see HANNAH and James engaged in a heated row outside. It is raining, and Hannah’s starting to get drenched. JAMES offers his coat, but she rejects it. Hannah turns to leave, but James pulls her back to him. S slaps his face, then he slaps hers. She looks completely shocked. She starts to cry. 57. James hugs her. Hannah punches him from within the hug. James leans in to kiss her, Hannah struggles before seemi to submit completely. The table at the front of the restaurant breaks out into spontaneous applause. We see Hannah and James look back i through the window, shy and coquettish, give an ironic bo and skip off into the night. We stay on Simon, perplexed and breathless. As he gathers his wits and makes to follow, another waiter brings him t cheque for the meal. INT. SIMON’S APARTMENT BLOCK - NIGHT SIMON hurtles up the stairs to his apartment. INT. SIMON’S APARTMENT - CONTINUOUS He dashes over to the telescope and points it at HANNAH'S APARTMENT, but the blinds, for the first time, are closed
65) 0) text: Simon waits for, JAMES. He’s still angry and is half-paci When he finally sees him, he bounds over to intercept.
65) 1) dialog: James! James ignores him, swipes in using his card, skips throug the» lobby”“and catches the elevator, just as the door is closing. He gives Simon a wink.
65) 3) dialog: (frustrated) I’m not a visitor. He starts filling out the form, Simon looks up and sees Hannah, a dreamy look on her face.
65) 4) dialog: Hannah! Wait up! But she’s gone. 58.
66) 0) text: SIMON watches HANNAH from afar. She seems very happy. He approaches the desk, holding a few sheets of A4. Again Liz is there to greet him.
66) 1) dialog: Hi. I know the policy, but my printer’s actually broken.
66) 4) dialog: Hey Hannah. I was just saying to your colleague that I know the policy, but that my printer’s broken -
66) 6) dialog: Sorry, -
66) 9) dialog: That’s okay. I need a copy pretty urgently. And you know how long those guys take. Like forever.
66) 11) dialog: Oh yeah- you had your date with James last night. Did you? Was that last night? There’s a pause. 59.
66) 13) dialog: Yes, please. That’s why I’m here. Hannah goes over to the machine. Simon has an agonising wait while his papers go through. Hannah returns with the
66) 15) dialog: So how did it go?
66) 17) dialog: With James. I just wanted to ask. HANNAH isn’t about to help out.
66) 18) dialog: It’s just seeing that I made the introduction-
66) 20) dialog: I just wanted to make sure -
66) 22) dialog: Did he? Do that? Because I feel sort of responsible. Seeing as I made the introduction.
66) 24) dialog: But you’re okay?
66) 26) dialog: I’m pleased. That’s a relief. Good. 60.
67) 0) text: Simon marches to his desk with the papers. He looks aroun for James, but he’s nowhere to be seen.
68) 0) text: Simon sees Harris banging the machine.
68) 2) dialog: Have you seen James?
68) 4) dialog: Papadopoulos?
68) 6) dialog: What are you talking about?
69) 0) text: Simon sits at his desk. JAMES is still not there. He look through a report that’s sitting on his desk, but he can’t really concentrate. He gets up and wanders up towards Papadopoulos’s offices. He smiles at the secretary. She does not return it. Then he hears voices come closer to the door. He scampers back to his desk. He takes a clear plastic folder from an office supply tab and sits down to cover the project that’s lying on his desk. James suddenly appears next to Simon.
69) 3) dialog: What the hell happened last night?
69) 6) dialog: We had a plan last night.
69) 8) dialog: (reluctant) Okay.
69) 10) dialog: Okay.
69) 12) dialog: I'm just putting a cover on them.
69) 15) dialog: No no. That's all right. It's finished and I just have to... Simon tries to put on the cover, but only uses one hand, holding the fake hand James has given him.
69) 17) dialog: (more insistent) No. Really, it's,okay. I can do it. Papadopoulos is really staring now. Simon stops, hesitant to make a scene in front of Papadopoulos. Simon turns to pick up the project and realizes that it i gone. Jamés has taken it and is walking toward Papadopoulos. Simon trots after him. Papadopoulos takes the report from James, as Simon stands dumbfounded.
69) 21) dialog: But, sir.
69) 23) dialog: Sir! I think I have to make things clear. (beat) Umm... James smiles at Papadopoulos with a pitying look.
69) 25) dialog: I can, I.s..will. Papadopoulos finally seems to really look at Simon. He notices the hand that James gave Simon.
69) 27) dialog: What?
69) 29) dialog: What? Papadopoulos grabs it from Simon.
70) 0) text: Simon is one of the last people there. We time fade. Simo is alone. Still no sign of James. He walks up once more to Papadopoulos’s office. He listen to the door. Nothing. Confused, he leaves the office.
71) 0) text: Simon approaches the guards
71) 1) dialog: You didn’t see anyone leave -
71) 3) dialog: No, I meant a specific person. James Simon. (beat) He kind of looks like me.
72) 0) text: Simon stands on an empty train carriage, looking at himse in the window, distorted and strafed with amber.
73) 0) text: Simon stands a few feet away from his seated mother. His mother looks very bad, pale and thin, much worse than whe we first saw him. 65. A few feet away the gypsy woman is looking at him.
73) 1) dialog: Mother, is it possible? Did I have a twin? She doesn’t respond.
73) 3) dialog: There’s no song playing. And besides, you hate music.
73) 5) dialog: She didn’t steal your undershirts Are you listening to me?
73) 8) dialog: Yes, of course, but it’s about my mother. (beat) She seems worse. She hasn’t even insulted me. The man looks annoyed, he flips through some pages of a chart.
73) 10) dialog: Like a stroke!
73) 15) dialog: What?
73) 17) dialog: You are talking about him, aren't you? She leans forward and taking something from beneath her blankets she hands it to Simon.
73) 18) dialog: What do I do? Won’t you tell me? The woman _turns away and we hear a clattering from Simon mother. He “looks at her, then down at his hands. The woman has given him a bone-handled knife. On the bottom we see a carved image of two snakes, each in the act of consuming the other.
73) 21) dialog: Hannah? It’s James. Come up. I want you. He replaces the receiver and winces to himself.
73) 22) dialog: She'll never buy it. Simon returns to the window and watches Hannah beautify herself. She decides between a couple of different outfits, tries one pair of shoes, then another, decides on a dress, befo taking off the dress and putting a coat on over her underwear. 68. She checks herself in a full length mirror by the door, messes up her hair and walks out the door. Simon swings the telescope to James’ flat. He can’t find where James or Melanie are. After a beat, there’s obviously a doorbell sound, because James gets up. He’s naked. He grabs a robe and shuffles Melanie off into the bathroo James answers the door and sees Hannah, who’s allowed her coat to fall open. There’s a clearly awkward exchange as James tries to shoo her out of his apartment. Hannah gathers up her coat, upset. JAMES returns and sees MELANIE. They go through a virtual re-enactment of the same pantomime between James and Hann outside the restaurant. But this time it ends with, Melan storming out. Simon watches with delight.
74) 0) text: Simon and James sit next to one another at the counter of an old style diner. They read the menu in silence. Simon looks a little uncomfortable but James seems to be composed. The waitress comes over with a pad.
74) 2) dialog: Um...I’11 have a coke and a bagel, please.
74) 4) dialog: Well, I guess I'll just have a coke then.
74) 28) dialog: I want you to stop seeing Hannah.
74) 30) dialog: And I want you to stop messing round with Melanie. Simon shrugs.
74) 32) dialog: And) I want you tell Papadopoulos that I’ve been doing all of your work since you got here. PAUSE.
74) 34) dialog: (hissing) What the hell do you think you're doing? Put them away - 71.
75) 0) text: SIMON is sitting at his desk. He is typing at his compute We see: ‘REGRESSION ANALYSIS: A PROPOSAL BY SIMON JAMES. Much of the work we do here is inefficient, and could be vastly improved. In this report I will outline several ke ways in which efficiency...’
75) 3) dialog: Right...
75) 5) dialog: Do you want to go to the coffee room, it’s a little public - 73.
75) 8) dialog: Does that mean he’s seeing you. Because I wasn’t sure-?
75) 10) dialog: He’s not a very good guy.
75) 13) dialog: I think you should definitely not see him.
75) 16) dialog: She’s nearly seventeen.
75) 21) dialog: I don’t know -
76) 0) text: Simon sits at his desk. He’s working on his regression analysis report. James appears and sits on his desk
76) 2) dialog: It’s private. Can you not sit on my desk? 75.
76) 4) dialog: Again?
76) 6) dialog: Can’t you use your place tonight? I have someone coming over. JAMES laughs.
76) 7) dialog: I do. What’s so funny about that?
76) 11) dialog: Key -
76) 12) dialog: I can't... Papadopoulos gets closer.
76) 14) dialog: No. Still closer. JAMES let’s a picture of him and MELANIE float down onto the desk, it tumbles onto the floor. Simo puts his foot on it.
76) 16) dialog: Fine. 76.
76) 19) dialog: Er... Nothing. Sorry.
76) 21) dialog: Actually I’m working on something at the moment - something I think could help efficiency in the way=
77) 0) text: Simon is pacing,outside his apartment. The light is on. He’s urging them to hurry up. Hannah approaches.,Simon steels himself.
77) 1) dialog: Look, tonight’s tricky.
77) 3) dialog: I’m sorry, it’s not possible.
77) 5) dialog: I arranged to see Melanie tonight. (beat) I’m outside now because I have to sneak her in the service entrance so the doorman doesn’t us. 77.
78) 0) text: Over music, we see SIMON wandering around the city at night. He goes to the Bridge. He has a coffee in a diner. He sits at a bench. An old, frightening looking man sits next to him. Simon gets up. He tries to sleep in a doorway but is moved on by a policeman
79) 0) text: Simon turns up at work, and signs in looking totally dishevelled. Hannah walks by him with a look of contempt.
80) 0) text: Simon’s at his desk, staring, crushed with tiredness. He sees JAMES and MELANIE flirting outside his office. Sh laughs loudly at his jokes and leans provocatively agains the door. EXT. VARIOUS —- NIGHT Simon walks through the city. At one point his shadow briefly seems like it’s moving independently of him. He turns round and sees the frightening man who sat next to him»on the bench.
81) 0) text: Simon, out of habit, looks through the dumpster outside o Hannah’s apartment. Simon frantically pieces a few torn up strips of paper together. They are pictures of James, but somehow this ti they look more like Simon. EXT. SIMON’S APARTMENT - NIGHT Simon watches Hannah enter her apartment from near the entrance to his. We see he wants to talk to her but holds back. She turns and sees him, she looks up to his apartment, she sees JAMES walk to the window, he has no t on, MELANIE approaches him and nuzzles his neck. She looks back at Simon. 78. She walks over to Simon and slaps him hard on the face.
81) 2) dialog: (hesitant) I’m sorry, I haven’t done anything.
81) 5) dialog: Where did you get that?
81) 7) dialog: None of it’s yours.
82) 0) text: Simon walks down the street late at night. Many people ar out, drunken and loud. He has been drinking, and looks a little unsteady.
83) 0) text: Simon seems to be walking in a world of shadows. He hums quietly to himself and we hear footsteps behind him.
83) 2) dialog: I don’t smoke.
83) 4) dialog: Fuck you. Simon, drunk, seems to smile to himself as the men descen on him. They hit him and Simon collapses in a heap. They begin to kick at him and hit him in the face. Simon almost seems to smile, as though he is floating out of his body.
84) 0) text: Simon is sitting with the frightening man. It’s clear tha they're familiar with one another now, almost friends. 80. Simon has bought some food for them both. His face is marked up with dried blood. They eat side by side.
84) 2) dialog: And what happens? To the snakes?
85) 0) text: Simon, his face bruised and battered walks through the lobby. He’s stopped by a guard.
85) 2) dialog: I know, I have to sign the guest book. 81.
85) 4) dialog: Simon James.
86) 0) text: Simon sits across from a man with a tiny bow-tie. The man smacks his gum.
86) 2) dialog: Excuse me.
86) 4) dialog: I work here. I am sitting in this chair, am I not?
86) 6) dialog: (seething) I’ve had»some problems with my apartment. (beat) Put me back into the system.
86) 8) dialog: Why not?
86) 11) dialog: Yeah, thanks Harris.
86) 13) dialog: Yeah, yeah I guess it is.
86) 16) dialog: Thanks Harris. But I don’t...
86) 18) dialog: Okay.
86) 20) dialog: Yeah, I'll help you.
86) 22) dialog: Fine. I don’t like you at all, but you’re the only thing close to a friend that I have here.
86) 26) dialog: Where is James? Simon starts to walk back towards his desk.
86) 28) dialog: He has an office?
87) 0) text: Simon opens the door. An irritated secretary is behind hi
87) 4) dialog: Mr. Papadopolous...
87) 6) dialog: Sir, I need to talk to you.
87) 8) dialog: I work here.
87) 10) dialog: This man is a fraud!
87) 12) dialog: He doesn’t even know what we do here! They turn to James who remains calm.
87) 17) dialog: Stay away from me. Sir, this can’t stand. SIMON notices JAMES’ eye, and the bruise, which looks identical to his.
87) 18) dialog: Where’d you get that?
87) 21) dialog: I took his test for him. And he ripped off my report. He’s out to get me! He stole my face! People exchange glances as though Simon is crazy. Simon points at his face. He is wide-eyed and on the edge
87) 22) dialog: He stole it from me! For the first time,Simon has really lost it, really out o control. His mild manner is gone. The whole room watches him. James walks forward and grabs Simon’s arm. Simon tears it away from him.
87) 23) dialog: Get off of me.
87) 25) dialog: (backing away from everyone) I need... (catching breath) To see the Colonel. Simon seems to be losing steam, getting dizzy. 86.
87) 26) dialog: The Colonel will understand. (breathing heavy) I just need to see him.
87) 28) dialog: I don’t need help!
87) 31) dialog: No. He holds it out in a threatening manner. As though it wer a gun. His hand shakes.
87) 32) dialog: Stay back.
88) 0) text: SIMON is sitting on the edge of the bridge where he likes to think. He has his small cardboard box on his lap. He looks up at the monumental office buildings around him and the cars rushing by below. INT. ELEVATOR IN SIMON’S APARTMENT Simon RIDES the elevator, holding his small box of office possessions. INT./EXT. SIMON’S APARTMENT Simon retrieves his key from the top of the door sill and wearily walks in. The place is disgusting: a feral den. There are empty bottles and take away cartons on the floor alongside a pa of soiled latex gloves. The bed has been dragged to the middle of the room and ha a pair of handcuffs attached to it. There is a video camera trained on a high tripod above th bed linked to the television which, in turn, shows the somehow frightening image,of the bed. Simon switches the camera off. The television then shows a the SCI-FI SHOW.
89) 0) text: Hannah rests on a gurney. She is being wheeled quickly do the hallway of a hospital. There is vomit on her top and she seems to be in some pain. Simon is running along side trying to keep up.
89) 1) dialog: Is she going to be okay? I don’t know how many she swallowed.
89) 3) dialog: We're married!
90) 0) text: SIMON is sitting in a waiting room. A doctor comes in. SIMON looks up. INT. HOSPITAL —- CORRIDOR
90) 2) dialog: No. I don’t think so.
90) 5) dialog: Erm... yes.
90) 7) dialog: Not long. We’re about to be. We're engaged. But I just lost my job so - I couldn't buy her a ring - and we had this fight so -
90) 9) dialog: I will. Thank you.
90) 11) dialog: Thanks for letting me stay. I've been kind of sleeping rough since... for a while anyway. He trails off.
90) 12) dialog: They’re normally gone by the morning...
91) 0) text: Hannah is under the covers. SIMON tentatively gets on to the bed and lies on top of the duvet, as far from HANNAH he can be without falling off the side.
92) 0) text: SIMON wakes up. He checks on Hannah - she’s still sleeping. 90. He creeps out of Hannah’s room and into the sitting room, unable to believe he’s there. He searches in his bag and fishes out a book. He places it next to Hannah. INT. SIMON’S APARTMENT BLOCK - LATER Simon rides the lift up to his apartment. He almost looks happy. INT. HANNAH’S BEDROOM - DAY HANNAH wakes up and sees a book on the pillow next to her It’s the book that Simon left. She opens it and sees it contains the various pictures that she’d drawn, torn up a threw away. They have been carefully put back together again. In between one of the pages is a note written by Simon. It says: ‘I think these are really good - Simons” INT. SIMON’'S APARTMENT - DAY Again, it’s a mess. But this time, Simon doesn’t seem to mind as much. He checks his messages. We hear a voice.
93) 0) text: Simon runs through an enormous cemetery. It is remarkably ungreen and surrounded by huge buildings. He looks around, frantic, trying to find where the funera is being held. He approaches one grouping that looks like it could be fo his mother, all the people in attendance are quite old. A priest is quietly saying a prayer and everyone’s eyes are downcast. Unable to ask who this is for, he joins the gro and clasps his hands in front of him.
93) 10) dialog: Get up... Get up off your knees. For a brief moment, Simon looks heroic, but then he notic his nose is bleeding. He checks it with his hand, and loo a the blood on his fingers Then, a strangely demented scream. It’s the (very old) priest running towards him. Simon backs away, but the priest manages to push him over and Simon falls backward into a freshly dug grave. On the verge of consciousness, staring straight up at the sky, Simon sees the small congregation assemble at the grave’s perimeter. As James looks over the grave, a drop of blood falls from his nose and splashes on to Simon's face.
94) 0) text: It is now dusk. Simon wakes up. He feels a great pain at the front of his face. He touche his nose - it’s agony. He sits up and feels something dripping from this nose. H puts his hand tovshis face and his fingers become sticky with blood. We “see him think. He smiles. We cut to Simon climbing out of the grave, an absolute mess, looking half-crazy. He runs up to a parked hearse and looks at his reflection in the black mirror. He looks at his bruised nose with delight, checking it from all angles.
95) 0) text: Simon runs. His face is smeared with blood. He is dirty from the grave. He has a strangely joyous look on his fac 93. He runs and runs until he reaches the apartment complex where he lives.
96) 0) text: SIMON runs in through the lobby and the janitor looks at him suspiciously.
96) 2) dialog: Fuck off.
96) 4) dialog: That’s all I ever wanted ‘to do. It’s funny how it happens isn’t it? You go along, and along, and along and then you just know. (Hannah, looks shocked) I noticed you the first moment I saw you.,And you recognized me too, didn’t you?
96) 6) dialog: I don’t want to be a boy held up by string. I don’t want to be Pinocchio.
96) 8) dialog: I want you to be safe and whole and right. But I have something to do. (beat, firm) From now on you're going to need to call me James. I’11 still be Simon, but you need to call me James.
96) 10) dialog: Goodbye. Simon turns around abruptly and leaves Hannah speechless.
97) 0) text: We see SIMON walking briskly to his apartment block. He looks back at HANNAH’S APARTMENT.
98) 0) text: Hannah looks out of her window at SIMON. INT. SIMON’S APARTMENT Gently, Simon opens the door. In the dim light he can see James and Melanie sleeping on his bed. Simon quietly locates JAMES’ trousers and takes JAMES’ APARTMENT KEY and IDENTITY CARD. He finds his TUXEDO and silent changes into it. He puts t keys and card into his pocket. He approaches the bed and inches open the drawer in the bedside table. In it are the snake-handled knives and the pair of handcuffs. He removes the handcuffs. Carefully, he locks James’ hand to the bed head. He picks up one of the knives and runs the tip of it very near, but not touching, James’ face before placing its ti on James’ throat. He looks at JAMES’S SWOLLEN nose. In a quick move he removes the plaster on James’s Adam's apple. Underneath, is the same ugly pick gash as Simon ha on his. The phone rings James stirs. Simon rushes over and picks up. He is still holding the knife.
98) 1) dialog: (whisper) Yes.
98) 3) dialog: (whisper) I’m okay. 95.
98) 5) dialog: (whisper) Not right now
98) 7) dialog: I don’t think so. Stay in your apartment. He hangs up the phone and walks over to James, holding th knife. He looks down at him. INT. HANNAH'S APARTMENT —- MOMENTS LATER We see, from HANNAH'S POV SIMON running back across the courtyard and entering the base of the apartment block. INT. HANNAH'S APARTMENT BLOCK —- STAIRWELL Hannah opens her door and walks to the lift. She checks t see if Simon is coming up. Instead she hears him clatter up the stairs. She runs after him, but only catches up to see him disappear into JAMES’ apartment. She bangs on the door. INT. JAMES’ APARTMENT Simon picks up the phone, as he holds it to his ear he starts to change out of his clothes and into the tuxedo. hear Hannah banging outside the door. INT. JAMES’ APARTMENT
98) 8) dialog: Yes. I need an ambulance. How long do you think it’1ll take? Okay. Good.
100) 0) text: Hannah is running down the stairs. INT. JAMES’ APARTMENT Simon finishes off a note and pins,it to his lapel pocket SIMON walks over to the window and calmly opens it. He steps out onto the ledge. He looks down, and inches acros as though he’s aiming for something. Once he’s found his spot he waits. INT. SIMON’S APARTMENT JAMES wakes up. His face is covered in blood. He tries to get up, but the handcuffs prevent him. When he can’t find the key. He starts to violently pull at them until they come off. “His wrist starts to bleed. Melanie wakes up, groggy:
102) 0) text: The drivers look around, trying to find where they’re mea to be. INT. SIMON’S APARTMENT James’ looks out and sees a shape in the window of his apartment. He puts his eye to the telescope. The image JAMES sees is very similar to the one that SIMO saw of the man about to jump. Simon, dressed in a Dinner jacket, with a note pinned to his lapel. He is holding a bloody flannel to his cheek. H waves at JAMES. JAMES waves back. Simon jumps. INT. SIMON’S APARTMENT James watches as Simon falls.
102) 3) dialog: You know what I’ve done?
102) 5) dialog: I had to cut him out. Behind her, in a rush, the medics arrive. They start checking out the situation.
102) 10) dialog: (weakly) My name is James. SIMON is lifted up onto a stretcher. The medics take him the ambulance. Hannah walks along side with him.
102) 14) dialog: Maybe... SIMON looks out the window and smiles. Lights flash on his face. The sound of the AMBULANCE subsides. FADE OUT.