21) 0) text: Nestled among empty paper COFFEE CUPS, BRIMMER - a once athletic white cop -- watches the Panthers at the corner. stubs yet another CIGARETTE into an overflowing ashtray. Brimmer sees CY taking over traffic duty from CARTER. The a NOTEPAD on the seat next to Brimmer. He makes a HASH MA in it -- COUNTING Panther heads.
22) 0) text: Bottle of BITTER DOG in hand, Rose sits with the other drinkers, STARING at Brimmer's car. Taking a swig and smi at his buddies, Rose walks toward the car.
24) 0) text: Brimmer fumes, so much for keeping a low profile.
24) 1) dialog: Fuck. The Detective STARTS his car.
24) 3) text: BRIMMER'S CAR glides by the storefront.
31) 0) text: Panthers exhorting the community. Chaos slowly turning in organizations, repainting, sickle cell program, and handi out bags of food as BRIMMER watches from his car.
37) 0) text: CLOSE UP: A TEN POINT PROGRAM sits in Dorsett's fleshy fingers. It's after hours as Dorsett, Rodgers and BRIMMER - each holding PAMPHLETS -- have a tense "discussion".
37) 5) dialog: No. I've seen Black men handing out bags of food. Having meetings. Patrolling the neighborhood. Having more meetings. They ain't...
37) 9) dialog: Like?
51) 0) text: Judge hawks RED BOOKS to park goers, engaging them in pr panther banter. Black folk move away from him when they s BRIMMER, an obvious cop, striding toward Judge.
51) 1) dialog: You're Judge right? We need to talk.
51) 3) dialog: (flashing his badge) Yeah you do. It's up to you either here or downtown. Giving up, Judge walks with Brimmer listening as the cop talks.
56) 0) text: Judge grabs a pile of LEAFLETS off the seat. Turning back the rally, Judge comes nose to nose with BRIMMER.
56) 1) dialog: Afternoon asshole... You shoulda told me about this. C'mon...
57) 0) text: Tyrone SEES Brimmer spin Judge around and cuff him.
60) 0) text: Brimmer's UNMARKED CAR sits in front of the tattered buil near the heart of Oakland.
61) 0) text: JUDGE -- handcuffed to a chair in the vast lofty space -- looks like he's been through the wringer. BRIMMER, smokin vehemently, hovers over him.
61) 1) dialog: So... we understand each other Judge?
62) 0) text: RODGERS watches Judge and Brimmer from the SHADOWS.
63) 0) text: Brimmer UNCUFFS Judge from the chair.
63) 1) dialog: Alright then. Judge STANDS a little shakily. Brimmer slides a BUSINESS CARD in his pocket.
63) 2) dialog: I expect to hear from you soon. If Huey Newton takes a crap, I want to know how big it was. Otherwise I'm gonna come looking for you. And I won't be as "friendly" as today.
63) 4) dialog: You just remember one thing Judge. You've got a lot at stake. And The Panthers are gonna lose. Question is, are you gonna lose along with them? Your future? Your mother? Think about it. Judge leaves. Brimmer takes a long drag of his cigarette, STARING at RODGERS.
64) 0) text: Half a step out the door, Judge THROWS Brimmer's CARD awa
73) 0) text: Finished with traffic duty Judge walks home. He passes BRIMMER'S CAR at the curb.
73) 1) dialog: C'mon we're going for a ride...
74) 0) text: Brimmer's car pulls onto the bridge.
75) 0) text: Brimmer lights a cigarette angrily.
75) 1) dialog: Why didn't you tell us about the party you boys were planning at the capitol?
75) 3) dialog: Spontaneous my ass!! You told the press and you don't tell me. Remember you're working for us.
75) 5) dialog: Are you fucking with me? You smartass piece of shit...
76) 0) text: Brimmer's car SWERVES pulling over in the MIDDLE of the bridge. Playing angry cop to hilt, Brimmer jumps out.
76) 1) dialog: Get out of the car.
76) 3) dialog: Get out of the fucking car. Judge obeys. Brimmer produces HANDCUFFS. He CUFFS Judge.
76) 4) dialog: "Whatever you say, Inspector Brimmer." Fucking a right pal. Time you got your wiry head on straight. Brimmer grabs the front of Judge's shirt, PUSHING him har against the railing. It's a hellish drop. Brimmer pushes harder. Judge's FEET scramble for purchase.
76) 6) dialog: Do you know how easy it would be for you to just disappear. Shit, you wouldn't even wash up for weeks. Do you fucking understand? (still pushing) I want you to move your ass outta neutral. I want a bunch of Panthers served up on a fucking plate. I want you to set 'em up... armed robbery!!
76) 8) dialog: Fuck how they operate. Just do it. like your man says, "By any means necessary." Brimmer UNCUFFS Judge, stuffing an ENVELOPE OF MONEY in h pocket.
90) 2) dialog: Inspector Brimmer
90) 4) dialog: Judge, hold on, is your phone safe?
90) 6) dialog: Judge, calm down. Judge grits his teeth.
93) 1) text: BRIMMER watches the scene through BINOCULARS. He hisses i a WALKIE TALKIE.
93) 2) dialog: It's going down... Right on time.
95) 1) dialog: (pushing through) Watch the faces Goddamit!! We want them recognizable... Tyrone SHOVES a cop away from him. Brimmer DRAWS his .38, training it calmly between Tyrone's eyes.
95) 2) dialog: Easy boy... Or I will blow you right away...
95) 4) dialog: Harassment my ass, pal. You just stuck up this station. We got a witness...
95) 7) dialog: No!!! Get the bastards cuffed, I got him...
96) 0) text: Brimmer dashes around the corner. He bangs on the BATHROO DOOR. Nothing. He puts his mouth to the door.
96) 1) dialog: (hoarse whisper) It's me Brimmer. Get the fuck out of here. Judge BOLTS out of the toilet. Brimmer FIRES over his hea Judge runs fast through the weeds, up the hill. THE ROOKIE COP sprints around the corner, AIMING at Judge Brimmer BUMPS him. The shot fires wide. Judge DISAPPEARS over the hill.
100) 0) text: Actually the line up room is two chambers. Dorsett and R enter the smaller room. BRIMMER, haggard, smoking, beckon Dorsett to a corner. Rodgers sticks by the door. Brimmer WHISPERS to Dorsett, we can't hear the conversati but obviously The Chief doesn't like it. In the FOREGROUND, THE MAN from the gas station stands in front of TWO WAY GLASS -- A UNIFORM cop at his side. TYRONE AND GENE stand on the line up platform on the oppo side of the two way glass. Dorsett and Brimmer move to the man. We see now that he's staring blankly at the Panthers.
100) 3) dialog: (sheepishly) He just stands in for his nephew during lunch. Dorsett TURNS, locking eyes with Rodgers. Fixing Dorsett with a WITHERING GLARE, Rodgers walks out the door.
103) 6) text: Thanks a lot Motherfucker, that blind man was real cute. Brimmer drags Judge toward an ALLEY. CUT To:
105) 0) text: Brimmer pushes Judge up against the wall.
107) 0) text: Brimmer lays into Judge, hitting him in the gut. Defensel CUFFED, Judge takes each brutal punch.
109) 0) text: CHEERS ringing out, Brimmer's hands work for pain.
112) 0) text: Brimmer stalks down the hall, unhappy. FBI guys in suits EVERYWHERE -- pulling teletypes, on the phones. They're l an occupying army.
112) 1) dialog: (passing a doorway) What the fuck?
113) 2) dialog: Just hold on a god damn minute. I... Ignoring Brimmer, Rodgers passes the PAPERS to Dorsett.
139) 0) text: Rodgers and Dorsett sit facing TWO BLACK MEN, one is name SHORTY, the other we cannot see. Dorsett looks ill. He po a TUMS. BRIMMER'S there too, looking very unhappy.
141) 0) text: It's late as Judge lays on his bed, staring at the ceilin tortured. BOOM! Judges door flies off its hinges. BRIMMER storms in mean, drunk. He's on Judge in a second -- handcuffing him
141) 2) dialog: Shut up. Just shut the fuck up.
142) 0) text: BRIMMER'S CAR pulls onto the bridge.
143) 0) text: Apprehensive, Judge eyes Brimmer from the back seat.
144) 0) text: Brimmer's car approaches the center of the Bridge, then K GOING.
145) 0) text: Judge stares at Brimmer's back, relieved, confused.
145) 1) dialog: (mumbling, loaded) Twenty years asshole. Twenty years on the force. I've seen some fucked up stuff. Done some fucked up stuff... (a beat) But nothing like this...
146) 0) text: Brimmer's car pulls over on the shoulder past the toll bo He yanks Judge out of the car. Then UNCUFFS him.
146) 1) dialog: Go! Run! Go on! Get the fuck out of here! !
146) 3) dialog: I ain't gonna shoot you Judge. Look... it's over. Just run away. Get out. Stay away from Oakland. Cause it's gone... it's gone.
146) 5) dialog: Yeah... I'm fucked up. You're fucked up. Government's fucked up. Whole country's fucked up. You got no idea what's going on here. This is bigger than you and me. We're just little tiny soldiers getting moved around on some big asshole's desk. The Panthers... fuck you're history... they killed you and you don't even know it.
146) 7) dialog: (rambling on getting into his car) Drugs Judge, they're gonna flood West Oakland with dope. Jack you up and string you out like a two dollar whore. And while the community's shuffling for a fix, they're gonna snuff every Panther they can find.
146) 9) dialog: I don't know. Except, it's one of you. Maybe not a Panther, but it's someone from the neighborhood. Judge. Look, just go. Get away. It's over. You lost. (a beat) We all lost. Brimmer's car lumbers away, kicking up gravel. Judge -- thinking furiously -- stares after it. THE BRIDGE looms up in the background, dwarfing Judge.