20) 4) dialog: Don't I know it. Come on in Agent Rodgers. Sit down. Always a... pleasure to see you. How can I be of help?
20) 8) dialog: Heh, bunch of shines running around in dark caps waving their fists about some streetlight. They're loud, but they aren't dangerous,
20) 10) dialog: Naw... They're kids mostly. Idealists. They actually think they're for real.
20) 12) dialog: You want me to put a man on it?
37) 0) text: CLOSE UP: A TEN POINT PROGRAM sits in Dorsett's fleshy fingers. It's after hours as Dorsett, Rodgers and BRIMMER - each holding PAMPHLETS -- have a tense "discussion".
37) 1) dialog: One: "We want freedom. We want the power to determine the destiny of our Black Community." Two: "We want full employment for our people." Three: "We want to end the robbery by the white man of our Black Community." Christ, they're asking for reparations...
37) 7) dialog: Now hold on Rodgers...
38) 0) text: Beat by late hours, DORSETT walks to his car -- a brand n CADILLAC, sitting in his 'reserved' spot. A LIMOUSINE pulls up next to him. Its window rolls down. first we don't see the passenger's face.
38) 2) dialog: (forced joviality) What are you doing out so late?
38) 4) dialog: (ill at ease) Look, I don't think... LOUIS TRAFFICANTE -- all style, all mobster -- LEANS out window. His right hand man, TONY, at the wheel. He points the Cadillac.
97) 0) text: REPORTERS swarm the steps. DORSETT, basking in the camera glow, smugly addresses them.
97) 3) dialog: (turning back inside) I have no further comment.
98) 0) text: Flushed with victory, Dorsett strides into his office. Pi Rodgers looks up from a TELETYPE.
98) 1) dialog: I want it duly noted, that this operation was entirely under the auspices of the Oakland Police Department. The FBI doesn't have a monopoly on agents infiltrating enemy organizations, my friend. As I've said before, Agent Rodgers, we have things under control in our city...
98) 3) dialog: No I'm not. I'd like to say, frankly and off the record, that I resent the Bureau's presence here. "Advisory Basis" or not. And, once we get these boys put away and the Panthers permanently discredited, I'd appreciate it if you'd leave us to take care of our own. Now I'm finished. Rodgers fixes Dorsett with a stony glare.
100) 0) text: Actually the line up room is two chambers. Dorsett and R enter the smaller room. BRIMMER, haggard, smoking, beckon Dorsett to a corner. Rodgers sticks by the door. Brimmer WHISPERS to Dorsett, we can't hear the conversati but obviously The Chief doesn't like it. In the FOREGROUND, THE MAN from the gas station stands in front of TWO WAY GLASS -- A UNIFORM cop at his side. TYRONE AND GENE stand on the line up platform on the oppo side of the two way glass. Dorsett and Brimmer move to the man. We see now that he's staring blankly at the Panthers.
100) 1) dialog: Brimmer, what are you telling me? The uniform cop WAVES his hand in front of the man's face
113) 0) text: Rodgers has set himself up in a command center. Across fr him DORSETT sits like a whipped dog.
113) 4) dialog: (reading) Jesus...
124) 0) text: MEN wander the decks as RODGERS and DORSETT stare off the bow at the Bay. TONY keep an eye on them from a distance. A booming
124) 1) dialog: Rodgers this is no good.
124) 6) dialog: To be quite honest it turns my stomach.
124) 12) dialog: Dealing dope... And you want the department to turn a blind eye while you turn Oakland into a city of zombies.
124) 18) dialog: You talk as if this thing's already been decided. Rodgers hits Dorsett with a piercing GLARE.
139) 0) text: Rodgers and Dorsett sit facing TWO BLACK MEN, one is name SHORTY, the other we cannot see. Dorsett looks ill. He po a TUMS. BRIMMER'S there too, looking very unhappy.