1) 0) text: Bruised and bloody, Huey and Bobby sit next to each other the car moves through the streets.
15) 2) dialog: (over) The power structure locks the black man up. That's right. We move from chains to bars and locks. Kangaroo courts put brothers in jail. No jury of our peers. No jury of black folks. How do we stop this insanity? It's simple. Organization. That's the key. We must organize. We must maintain discipline
15) 3) text: Judge peers through the bodies and sees HUEY.
15) 5) dialog: The white power structure wants us to act like savages. (a smile) But we're a different kind of animal altogether. We're Panthers. And The Black Panther Party for Self Defense is very painfully aware that America has historically reserved its most barbaric treatment for non-white people since the beginning of the country. So we need to organize, we (a charismatic smile) keep our shit correct! And effect revolution. We revolve the power into the hands of the people. Where it belongs. (a beat) Power to the people baby...
15) 7) dialog: Well, then like the man said... Maybe it's time we stop singing and start swinging.
15) 9) dialog: We can change that. We got the right to bear arms, so I'd say it's time to exercise that right. Like Comrade Mao says, "Justice through power, Power through guns."
16) 4) dialog: Well as the Rev says, God helps those who help themselves. (a smile) We'll be our own stoplight.
17) 0) text: Huey marches into the middle of the street. Amid swerving cars and screeching brakes he begins DIRECTING TRAFFIC.
18) 0) text: Judge and Cy split off as the other Panthers march into t intersection, joining Huey's traffic duty. cy (pointing) Check it out... Great huh? I tell you those guys know what time it is. Man I'm with that...
20) 0) text: Following Huey's lead, the Panthers move traffic through intersection. CY'S with them, guiding cars past.
24) 4) text: HUEY talks earnestly with TYRONE and GENE.
24) 5) dialog: ...Yeah, it's a perfect next step, let the community know that we're dedicated to Malcolm's ideals... (checking his watch) Damn where's Bobby Seale? BOBBY SEALE, a whirlwind of energy, come careening throug the door.
24) 7) dialog: (interrupting) Hold up a second... We got a decision to make.
24) 9) dialog: Dig it, you know those brothers over in San Fran... call themselves the Black Panthers too?
24) 12) dialog: (a smile) Yeah... but it seems they're bringing Malcolm's widow Betty Shabazz to town, to speak at a rally, do an interview for Ramparts. (a pause) And they want us to help with security.
24) 14) dialog: Damn straight... (rising) Let's go check out these Paper Panthers.
24) 17) text: Looking street and very tough, BOBBY, HUEY, TYRONE, LITTL BOBBY and GENE walk in. Spotting them, ROY -- the Paper Panther President -- picks his afro and smoothes his DASH vainly. In the background other men in AFRICAN GARB can be seen, along with ALMA - a REGAL BLACK GIRL.
24) 20) dialog: That's right. We'd be proud to provide as escort for Malcolm's widow. How many men you got?
24) 22) dialog: (to Alma, declining the beer) No thank you sister. (to Roy) Six?!! That seems a little light. Cops are watching Betty, watching her hard. We need at least twenty men. And that's twenty armed Panthers dig? You do have guns don't you?
24) 24) text: Disgusted, HUEY stalks to the car with the others.
24) 27) dialog: We'll get them. Right now we got to worry about being armed and ready to protect Betty Shabazz. Those phonies sure as hell can't. We need guns
24) 29) dialog: Yeah... Bobby you gotta...
25) 0) text: In the stream of students, Tyrone, Huey and THE PANTHERS hold up Mao's LITTLE RED BOOK. A RADIO can be heard blari Gladys Knight's "Heard it through the Grapevine."
25) 1) dialog: Here it is Brothers. The Lowdown straight from comrade Mao's mouth. (to Bobby) If you open the minds, the bodies will follow. CARTER moves toward Huey with TWO WHITE STUDENTS
25) 3) dialog: I'm sorry boys. But right now The Party feels it's important for Black People to do it for themselves. We're not signing up white folk. (the trademark smile) But, if you are down with what we're doing, organize some righteous white folks. I got a feeling we're gonna need each other.
26) 21) dialog: You're Cy's Vietnam buddy right? (Judge nods) C'mere I'd like to talk with you... Huey pulls Judge toward a BACK ROOM, Tyrone watches them leave, protective, suspicious...
26) 22) dialog: You were. infantry right?
26) 24) dialog: So I guess it's safe to say you know about firepower.
27) 6) dialog: No trouble here. You got a permit to sell. (handing over cash) We're buying. All perfectly legal.
28) 0) text: Cy and Tyrone load the weapons into Cy's VAN. Bobby, Huey and Judge talk.
28) 1) dialog: We appreciate your help with this.
28) 3) dialog: (a smile) Freedom... We're just gonna test some of the words in that law book. Truck loaded, the Panthers make to leave. Huey lingers a with Judge.
28) 4) dialog: Judge... we're doing security for Betty Shabazz's visit next week. I'd like to have someone who knows there way around a pistol there. Someone like you.
28) 8) dialog: Okay man I ain't going to push. But remember the revolution isn't going to wait for anyone. Come on, we'll give you a lift.
33) 3) dialog: (to Cy) This here's a "Panther Patrol." We see a brother getting busted. We check it out, make sure the pig don't go beating on the man. Brother gets taken downtown, we post bail, hook ‘em up with a lawyer.
33) 5) dialog: (pulling over) Damn straight.
34) 0) text: TWO BEEFY COPS have a BLACK MAN up against the wall. Pant Pontiac pulls to the curb. The cops TURN... HUEY -- holding a RIFLE, backed by the other Panthers -- stares solidly at the policeman.
36) 0) text: Near Panther HQ, FIGURES move in silhouette against a SQU CAR's HEADLIGHTS. High tension as HUEY and BOBBY SEALE stand next to the be up PONTIAC holding a RIFLE. THE BEEFY COP faces him -- flashlight in one hand, Huey's LICENSE in the other. Cy, Tyrone and other Panthers -- in full PANTHER UNIFORMS move through the crowd passing out BLACK PANTHER PARTY TE POINT PROGRAMS.
36) 2) dialog: I have confirmed to you my address, that's all I'm required to by law to do. We have broken no law.
36) 4) dialog: (calm, controlled) What are doing with yours?. As JUDGE pushes through the semi-circle of black folks, T MORE SQUAD CARS pull up. The cops inside swagger over. On of them a BABY FACED COP, has his NIGHT STICK drawn.
36) 9) dialog: (snatching the gun away) No! This is my private property. According to California law we have a constitutional right to bear arms.
36) 12) dialog: Wait!! Brothers! Sisters!! You don't have to go anywhere. This is your business. Stay right here. The law says as long as you keep a reasonable distance, eight to ten feet to be exact, you've got a right to observe the police carrying out their duties. From what I can see, you're standing some 22 feet away from this man here. So brothers ain't no law being broken. Emboldened by Huey's words, the crowd REGROUPS.
36) 15) dialog: Fish and Game laws clearly state that it is unlawful to have a live round of ammunition in the chamber of a shotgun or rifle in a vehicle...
36) 21) dialog: I tell you "officer", it wasn't... Huey COCKS A ROUND into the chamber.
36) 22) dialog: ...but now IT Is! The cops TENSE. The Beefy One blows a gasket.
36) 24) dialog: They mean, Pig!, that the Black Panther Party declares that if you try to brutalize our community or take our weapons. (a beat) We are going to shoot you!!! The crowd stands FROZEN. Joy spreads out beneath their gu ghetto masks.
39) 0) text: Dawn pushes pink against the loft windows as Judge, dress for class, pores over Cy's copy of “Wretched of the Earth cy (coming out) Man, did you see Huey down on Grove street? All up on that cop, that was beautiful.
39) 15) text: Judge moves warily into the dim and musty room. As his ey acclimate to the gloom he spots HUEY sitting half hidden the shadows.
39) 16) dialog: Welcome brother, have you decided to get down with us?
39) 18) dialog: Yeah... You were a lot of help with those guns. Your soldier shit is bad- ass.
39) 20) dialog: You know, you're lucky to be back. Most niggers die on the front lines. Seems like that's what they're there for.
39) 22) dialog: Mind if I ask you something? Why'd you put up with shit like that for someone else's war? Judge flashes Huey a look of bare honesty.
39) 24) dialog: Yeah I know. You're smart Judge. You ain't no bourgeois nigger like those Paper Panthers across the bay. I need every good man to help us with the security on Betty Shabazz, particularly soldiers. You do solid on that I might have something else for you, something real important.
39) 26) dialog: Right on Brother Judge... Huey and Judge grip HANDS.
41) 0) text: In an INNER OFFICE, Betty Shabazz talks with ELDRIDGE, a tall man wearing sunglasses. In the OUTER OFFICE, Huey's PANTHERS stand by while ROY'S PAPER PANTHERS do little.
42) 0) text: Led by Huey, the Panthers take up a line between the cops and the office. REPORTERS, expecting another GROVE STREET push forward.
42) 2) dialog: We are breaking no law, you've have no right to detain us. A REPORTER spots BETTY SHABAZZ, flanked by JUDGE and TYRO leaving the building heading toward a car.
42) 4) dialog: (to Cop #1) Arrest this man!!!
42) 6) dialog: Not today! ! ROY come running out, UNARMED, scared yelling at Huey.
43) 0) text: Packed in the car, Bobby, Little Bobby, Judge, Cy and Tyr recount the day as HUEY drives.
43) 2) dialog: What it be Judge. Nobody got hurt, Sister Betty's safe. This was a good day...
44) 2) text: ROY'S face DROPS as HUEY AND THE OTHER PANTHERS appear at the edge of the party. Huey marches up, YANKING Roy's gun from his pants, checking it.
44) 3) dialog: We put our lives on the line today. Malcolm X's widow was on the line today. And your guns weren't even loaded.
44) 5) dialog: Tell that to the pigs. Better yet tell that to Malcolm.
44) 7) dialog: No you wait a second. You and your "Panthers" got three choices. One you join with us and follow our rules. Two you change your name. (a smile) Or three you face annihilation. PAPER PANTHERS step up, Huey's men follow suit. Judge sta right at Huey's.
44) 9) dialog: You're exactly the kind of brother we don't need. Kind of brother who gets others killed. Now you gonna change your name. Huey pulls Roy up, his SINGED BEARD covered with fish an onions. ROY just glares silently.
45) 0) text: Unwinding, alone with Judge, Huey hands him a beer.
45) 1) dialog: You were alright Judge, better than alright. You're what the Party needs. A fighter but also one that's going to school not making the man too nervous.
45) 3) dialog: I do. You think you're smart enough to keep playing the game?
45) 5) dialog: See, the thing about Panthers. For all their speed and strength. They are not naturally aggressive. They don't just go out killing, tearing through the jungles murdering. No, the Panther (makes a fist) keeps his claws hidden until he is attacked, until he's backed into a corner. Then (opens his fist) believe me those claws are fierce.
45) 9) dialog: You fit the profile, Brother. You look exactly like the kind of nigger they think they can trust...
47) 10) text: Panthers place POSTERS of Bobby Seale and Huey in the storefront window as JUDGE, ALMA, CY and TYRONE load LEAF into a VAN.
52) 0) text: Huey's COOKING BREAKFAST for the kids as Alma, Tyrone and Little Bobby serve up bowls of porridge. Passing the munching kids, Judge -- obviously excited -- moves over to Huey.
52) 2) dialog: (joking loudly) You're a little old to be a school boy aren't you brother. (whispering) Cool it! You're probably not the only one they've gone after. Stall a little so they believe you're for real. Make them trust you. (raising his voice) Hey Tyrone, you figure feeding our children is gonna make The Man jumpy?
54) 5) dialog: We came to do something.
55) 0) text: BOBBY SEALE shuttles back and forth distributing PROGRAMS and LEAFLETS to a forest of outstretched Black hands. HUEY stands on top of a car, his strong voice ringing out over the gathering.
55) 1) dialog: ...The police report says he was shot three times but the coroner's report says quite clearly that Denzil Dowell was shot six times. And two of those shots were in his armpits. Brothers and Sisters you know why that is? (raises his arms up) Because Denzil had his hands up!!
57) 6) dialog: No! Just harassment. Can't let it stop this. (an eye to car, then the crowd) Brother we got momentum! Whipped up, the crowd YELLS as Tyrone looks perplexed.
58) 0) text: Tense, a DOUBLE LINE of police blocks the entrance. With crowd screaming for "JUSTICE!" and "BLACK POWER!" behind them, Bobby and Huey step up to the Deputies.
58) 4) dialog: That's your call pig. Rev. Slocum puts a steadying hand on Huey's arm.
59) 0) text: Surrounded by deputies, Bobby and Huey confront the smug SHERIFF.
59) 3) dialog: Then what do you call four dead Black men in six months?!
65) 0) text: A combination BARBECUE/AWARENESS RALLY covers the park Panthers and just plain neighborhood folk eat, drink and talk. Judge - a worried look on his face -- walks by. Huey's on the podium, speaking clearly and passionately.
65) 1) dialog: As soon as black people exercise their rights to bear arms and defend themselves the pigs want to change the law. We're not going to make it easy for them to have unarmed targets. Now, you all have a good time cause this here's our community and it is a beautiful thing. (raising his fist) Power to the people. Pulsing MUSIC kicks in as Huey steps from the stage.
66) 0) text: Huey joins a meeting in progress with Tyrone, Alma and Bo who's particularly edgy.
66) 1) dialog: This brothers is gonna be a colossal event. We'll shut the mother down right at the capitol, in front of the cameras. (annoyed off Bobby's pacing) Will you cool it? What's up man? What it be Bobby?
66) 3) dialog: What? We're the leadership, you and me. There ain't enough of us to... Admiring,
66) 6) dialog: I hear you. Alright. I'll go, you stay. Bobby shakes his head.
66) 8) dialog: Alright, I'll stay. Judge, I want to...
66) 11) dialog: Chickenshits, they're grabbing at anything. Huey leads Judge away, Tyrone WATCHES them closely, very suspicious.
67) 0) text: Huey's charged, talking fast to Judge.
67) 1) dialog: What's the pig's name?
67) 3) dialog: (very serious) You got to keep very cool on this. Icy god damn cool. Cause baby, you just became the strongest weapon we got. Let me guess, he wants you to call him, tell him what we're doing.
67) 5) dialog: And you're gonna do just that. But I'll tell you what to feed the pig. You alright with this?
67) 8) dialog: You got that right. And brother, I got a feeling it's going to get a whole lot thicker.
71) 0) text: Bobby, Huey, Prosecutors, Defenders and the Judge yell. G still banging, a rapid-fire PLEA BARGAIN is underway.
71) 6) dialog: You got six months to donate to the party, Bobby?
82) 1) text: Room filled with all the PANTHERS and more than a few NEW FACES, Huey stands at the podium, filled with purpose.
82) 2) dialog: Look around you, brothers and sisters, we're building the numbers. New members coming in almost every day. I'd like to introduce one of them. He's is the author of "Soul on Ice," a respected journalist and I'm proud to say the newly appointed Minister of Information for the Black Panther Party. Brothers and sisters, Eldridge Cleaver. Applause rises as the tall, black man from before, still wear SUNGLASSES, strides to the podium.
83) 0) text: Meeting over, Huey, Judge and Tyrone watch the room clear Tyrone's EDGY, trying to get Huey alone.
83) 2) dialog: So talk...
83) 4) dialog: Look... can we deal with this tomorrow... I'm tired... Huey walks away, leaving Tyrone glaring at Judge.
85) 1) dialog: Listen Judge, Oakland's Panther International Headquarters. We shut the Pig's infiltration down here, they're gonna think twice about running their games on other chapters.
85) 3) dialog: Like the manual says, "Information is...
85) 7) dialog: If the pigs only knew they were subsidizing The Panthers...
85) 9) dialog: Me too. That's why I fight so hard.
102) 0) text: The Panthers are celebrating. TYRONE and the others relea while the paper gets printed. BOB DYLAN's "Ballad of a Th Man" PLAYS. Huey, wine in one hand, grooves to the music
102) 1) dialog: (to Tyrone) Shit... check this out.
102) 3) dialog: But you don't know what it is Mr Jones. See Dylan is hip. The part about the geeks getting the worst jobs, that's like us, man. Black folks always get given the lowest shit.
102) 5) dialog: (pointedly) You know I think Brother Judge needs our support right now, not our suspicion (picking up paper off the press) This is beautiful man. Folks around here never read the truth like this before. TYRONE is just about to speak, when ELDRIDGE who's been bustling around escorts Huey into a basket chair, replaci his wine glass and paper with a spear and rifle. Tyrone s after them as ALMA comes over.
102) 6) dialog: El Rage what's with all the Zulu shit?
102) 8) dialog: That's what our newspaper will do.
102) 10) dialog: Yeah... then shouldn't this be all of us together.
102) 12) dialog: Yeah, but aligning with white organizations. I'm not sure now's the time.
102) 14) dialog: ...no full fledge alliance. But I think we should do a rally with them. Show that there's some common ground between Black and White. You all with that? (everyone nods) All right then Eldridge, set it up.
104) 2) dialog: Thank you. The Black Panther Party is proud to be here tonight. Here in front of this monument to oppression both at home and abroad. Not far from here, Brother Bobby Seale is locked down. Shouts go up, "Yeah Bobby!!" "Set the brother free!"
105) 1) dialog: (over) A victim of the tyranny we feel here at home.
106) 1) dialog: That same tyranny is at work many miles from here. In Vietnam. Black men are dying there, white men are dying there. Yellow men are dying there. We're told they're dying in the name of freedom. (a beat) Freedom. Well, now if their blood's keeping us free. How come so many of us -- like Bobby -- are in jail. If they're dying so we can enjoy our rights, how come the police still kill us in the streets? Angry YELLS rise, agreeing with Huey. CUT To:
108) 1) dialog: So, when you think about it. The question we have to ask is... Why should the Black man go fight the Yellow man for the White man? It's that simple. The answer's simple too. (a beat) We shouldn't!
110) 1) dialog: The Black Panther Party is opposed to the war in Vietnam! We know our war is here. Against hard drugs in the community. Against unemployment. Against a system that beats a Black man in his home, then sends him to die in a foreign land. That my brothers and sisters, is our war. Ten thousand unite in THUNDEROUS APPLAUSE.
116) 0) text: Gene spins out his tale to HUEY. Jimi Hendrix plays in th background
117) 3) dialog: (calmly and carefully) California law does not require the driver to leave a vehicle, unless he is being placed under arrest...
117) 6) dialog: I am not resisting arrest. Nor am I armed. Any use of force on your part is illegal... (holding up BOOK) according to California...
117) 8) text: Hey... whatcha got... Baby Face COCKS his .38. Huey stiffens. TENSION.
118) 0) text: Huey's HANDCUFFED to a GURNEY, being wheeled fast through the hall. I.V.'s hang. Blood is everywhere. COPS hover malevolently over his spread-eagled form. Cops COVER HUEY'S FACE with a towel, then start viciously BEATING HUEY. Doctors and Nurses look on impotently.
118) 1) text: Tears streak Alma's face. TYRONE, JUDGE and the other Pan sit solemnly. NEWSPAPERS cover every surface blaring: COP SLAIN PANTHER LEADER WOUNDED IN SHOOT-OUT. In the background, Panthers put Huey's WICKER CHAIR poste in the window. Eldridge's got his ear glued to a PHONE.
119) 0) text: In a MOS sequence, JACKSON a Black Trustee leads Bobby Se dressed in STREET CLOTHES -- down the windy halls. Bobby holds a FILE of RELEASE PAPERS. Seale comes to the doorway of the INFIRMARY. HUEY lies th beaten and bloody. The two men LOCK EYES, each raising a FIST in salute.
121) 2) text: Black is beautiful/FREE HUEY! /Set our warrior free/FREE HUEY!/Black is beautiful/FREE HUEY/Set our warrior free... Bobby Seale stands next to Eldridge and other BLACK ACTIV near a microphone. A very intense, wiry man in sunglasses approaches the mike -- STOKELY CARMICHAEL. Carmichael's speaking style is unique, his slow low-key d underscoring the incendiary nature of the words.
121) 6) text: A bee hive of activity, Bobby mans the phone. Tyrone, and Judge open a BOX -- containing FREE HUEY BUTTONS. message:
128) 0) text: Bobby Seale -- haggard, concerned -- faces HUEY under the watchful eye of a GUARD.
128) 1) dialog: You got to sit on Eldridge...
128) 3) dialog: Yeah, I do, but he's gotta cool it...
136) 3) text: Opposite the HUEY poster, a new IMAGE hangs -- LITTLE BOB picture. A memorial to a Panther's martyr.
138) 4) text: An absolute MADHOUSE of activity, Alma, Judge and Tyrone juggle phones, fill boxes with pins. Everywhere the words FREE HUEY can be seen.
148) 0) text: MOS: Judge and HUEY TALK EARNESTLY through a GLASS PARTIT
149) 0) text: Alma and Tyrone stand at the front of a huge CROWD standi vigil for HUEY'S trial.
150) 0) text: NEWSMEN cover every available seat, frantically writing n as THE PROSECUTOR finishes examining THE WOUNDED POLICE OFFICER from the shoot-out. CHARLES GARRY, Huey's lawyer, a WHITE MAN in a rumpled su sits next to Huey, with a STRANGE smile on his face...
154) 9) text: Out front, FOUR COPS in two cars, FIRE on the OFFICE. Bul rip into the POSTERS of HUEY and LITTLE BOBBY.
164) 1) text: SUPERIMPOSED over the WAREHOUSE FLAMES, the bullet-riddle posters of HUEY and LITTLE BOBBY stare out, like a legacy or a warning. CUT To: