20) 3) dialog: (over) Those things don't work... Looking up, Dorsett sees RODGERS -- a hawk-faced guy with slippery glasses. He's FBI down to the shine on his shoes
20) 5) dialog: It's a bit more like how can we help you. Bay Area's become quite a hornet's nest in terms of subversive activities. And... well Mr. Hoover wants to reiterate that the FBI will be happy to assist local authorities in any way we can. On a strictly advisory basis... of course.
20) 7) dialog: (cocking an eyebrow) I see. What about the Black Panther Party for Self-Defense?
20) 9) dialog: Can you make a deal with them?
20) 11) dialog: Hmmm. As you know the Bureau -- and Mr. Hoover -- is particularly "sensitive" to anything that might agitate or solidify the coloreds on the left. Dorsett pauses for a second, trying to read the angle.
20) 13) dialog: That would be an excellent start. (a pause) Tell him to keep a low profile.
37) 0) text: CLOSE UP: A TEN POINT PROGRAM sits in Dorsett's fleshy fingers. It's after hours as Dorsett, Rodgers and BRIMMER - each holding PAMPHLETS -- have a tense "discussion".
37) 2) dialog: They couldn't have thought this up for themselves.
37) 4) dialog: Inspector Brimmer, this is no joke During your surveillance have you seen any outside agitators? Professorial types? Communists?
37) 6) dialog: They are carrying guns. They are threatening police officers. They are undermining the United States of America. And you Inspector Brimmer are not taking your duties seriously...
37) 8) dialog: Chief Dorsett, if the Black Panthers are going to remain in your jurisdiction, some fundamental changes in attitude need to be made...
37) 10) dialog: Like, you Inspector Brimmer are not going to be sitting in your car anymore. I think it's time for a more active type of involvement.
62) 0) text: RODGERS watches Judge and Brimmer from the SHADOWS.
72) 1) dialog: (over) ...at least that takes Bobby Seale off the street...
72) 3) dialog: (over) We're working on that...
98) 0) text: Flushed with victory, Dorsett strides into his office. Pi Rodgers looks up from a TELETYPE.
98) 2) dialog: Are you finished?
100) 0) text: Actually the line up room is two chambers. Dorsett and R enter the smaller room. BRIMMER, haggard, smoking, beckon Dorsett to a corner. Rodgers sticks by the door. Brimmer WHISPERS to Dorsett, we can't hear the conversati but obviously The Chief doesn't like it. In the FOREGROUND, THE MAN from the gas station stands in front of TWO WAY GLASS -- A UNIFORM cop at his side. TYRONE AND GENE stand on the line up platform on the oppo side of the two way glass. Dorsett and Brimmer move to the man. We see now that he's staring blankly at the Panthers.
112) 2) dialog: (over) Brimmer! Could you come in here please?
113) 0) text: Rodgers has set himself up in a command center. Across fr him DORSETT sits like a whipped dog.
113) 1) dialog: Sit down, This concerns you too. (pulls out a Black Panther newspaper) I don't need to say that your department's handling of the Black Panthers -- particularly Inspector Brimmer's "undercover operation" has been a complete travesty.
113) 3) dialog: These are memos from the commissioner, the mayor and Hoover himself, putting the Black Panthers and their subversive activities under the full jurisdiction of the Bureau.
113) 5) dialog: As far as Mr. Hoover is concerned the worst has happened, the Panthers have unified with other organizations -- most likely sponsored by communists -- to undermine the war in Vietnam. (a beat) By doing so, they have quite simply guaranteed their own extinction. Rodgers studies Dorsett and Brimmer's incredulous faces.
113) 6) dialog: Of course we welcome any cooperation the your department has to “offer...”
122) 0) text: Rodgers, obviously getting an earful over the phone, splu excuses and explanations.
122) 1) dialog: Granted, the Free Huey thing has become a bit of a rallying cry for the left.
122) 3) dialog: Well... like they say, there's a Panther born every minute in the ghetto. Uh... we seem to have "underestimated" the support of the Black community. It's their power base...
123) 2) dialog: (over) You mean...
124) 0) text: MEN wander the decks as RODGERS and DORSETT stare off the bow at the Bay. TONY keep an eye on them from a distance. A booming
124) 3) dialog: Cut the crap, you've been taking the man's money for years. Now it's time you earned it. VOICE grabs their attention.
124) 7) dialog: Neither your stomach or your opinion matters here Dorsett... What matters is that Mr. Trafficante and the Bureau have come up with a solution to our Panther Problem. One might say...The Final Solution.
124) 10) dialog: More like a revolution. West Oakland's turning into hostile territory.
124) 17) dialog: I don't think that will be any problem...
124) 19) dialog: It has.
139) 0) text: Rodgers and Dorsett sit facing TWO BLACK MEN, one is name SHORTY, the other we cannot see. Dorsett looks ill. He po a TUMS. BRIMMER'S there too, looking very unhappy.
139) 1) dialog: So you enjoy your little "vacation?"
139) 3) dialog: That's what we wanted to talk to you about. We have a proposition for you. One that will make you the most powerful man in West Oakland... The CAMERA MOVES. We see the man Rodgers is talking to -- SABU.
150) 25) dialog: (over) Congratulations asshole. Huey got off, but we just got your boy Bobby Seale.
151) 2) dialog: (over) The tooth fairy. And I got a present for you. Guy who helped us get Bobby His name's Judge.
163) 0) text: Riot Guns pour lead into the building a la the Fred Hampt massacre. Today, the police are taking no prisoners. Behind the POLICE, RODGERS watches the mayhem, SHAKING hi head. Whatever the outcome, the operation's OVER. Alone, WALKS back to his car.