5) 0) text: On the street corner, SABU (20's) -- a Superfly young hus with a fast mouth -- trying to sell cigarette lighters to couple of HARD HATS heading off to work.
5) 1) dialog: I'm telling you, man. The perfect gift for the sophisticated lady in your life. Light up her flame with some solid gold satisfaction and get a second one half price for your wife. Can't beat my price with a stick, baby. CY, a large man with an eye-patch, walks up and tries, in vain, to get one of Sabu's bogus lighters to light. cy Sabu, why're you still tryin’ to sell these raggedy ass, non workin! Korean lighters man? The HARD HATS drive off laughing as Sabu curses CY out. T boy continues on heading for the corner.
20) 15) dialog: What do you want? Panama Red? I can get you Panama Red Sinsemilla? Got a line on some chocolate hash... get you high as a motherfucking monkey...
20) 17) dialog: Coke? Shee-it. (dropping his voice) Yeah, I can get you cocaine. But it's dangerous. Cops everywhere. Gimme twenty dollars and meet me back here in an hour. And don't fuck around white boy, this is the serious shit.
20) 19) dialog: Yeah I'll be here. Sabu grabs a TWENTY from the van. He SMILES as the van pu away.
20) 20) dialog: (to himself) Now that was one dumb motherfucker... cy, Tyrone at his side, APPEARS. cy Sabu, what the fuck you doing? Ain't nobody gonna push on this street.
20) 21) dialog: Shit, I ain't doing nothing. White bread asks for cocaine, I take his money. Shit... you know... It was just a hustle. cy Sabu... High white dude's the only thing you could hustle.
20) 22) dialog: Man... fuck you. Why you always bustin’ my balls? All that high and mighty militant shit. I ain't doing nothing.
20) 24) dialog: (to himself) Motherfucking Panthers, worse than the police...
80) 0) text: Cy's got SABU against the wall, hissing into his face. cy I ain't gonna tell you no more. No pushing in the neighborhood, especially not on my fucking street. You're killing your own people asshole.
80) 1) dialog: Man, fuck you!!! cy No Fuck you!!! Cy SLUGS Sabu hard in the gut, dropping him to the ground cy I ain't playing Sabu. You keep on like this and I'm going to bust you up. Shaking his head in disgust, Cy heads toward home.
81) 0) text: Holding his belly, Sabu catches his breath. SHOES appear front of him, shiny COP SHOES. It's SGT. SCHRECK.
81) 1) dialog: Aww man...
81) 3) dialog: Yeah, they're motherfuckers, all high and mighty.
88) 0) text: Rounding a corner Cy spots SABU -- yep, he's still dealin Rolling his eyes, Cy steps toward him. cy I swear, you gotta be a card-carrying member of the stupid revolution. Sabu's SCARED, he backs away from Cy. Customers SCATTER.
88) 1) dialog: Motherfucker... you stay away... cy Look this is bull... Dumb, cowardly, SABU comes up with a PISTOL. He FIRES it into Cy, not even aiming, just fear pulling a trigger. O Twice, Three times. Cy takes a PAIR of BULLETS straight to the chest. Blood f his surprised face. cy (amazed) +..shit... Cy COLLAPSES onto the pavement as SABU runs away.
139) 4) dialog: (smiling) I'm all ears...
152) 0) text: Something moves outside, Rose turns dropping his wine. It Sabu and Shorty. Sabu fires... killing Rose and his dog.
157) 0) text: SABU is talking quietly with TRAFFICANTE's right hand man TONY. SHORTY and THREE BURLY BLACK BODYGUARDS stand nearb Suddenly Sabu hears and sound and pulls his gun.
157) 2) dialog: Check the back. Suddenly gunfire rips out. Tony disappears as Shorty gets taken down. One of the THUGS nails Tyrone in the shoulder Judge retaliates blasting him backwards.
158) 3) dialog: (over) You just did.
159) 0) text: Tyrone drops, his GAS CAN spilling out over the floor. Judge ROLLS -- operating like a soldier -- emptying the . into the BODYGUARD #1. Sabu and the other BODYGUARDS disappear into the SHADOWS. EJECTING the clip from the .45 and slams a fresh one in. gets to his feet, LIMPING into the DARKNESS. A NOISE sounds, Judge WHIRLS firing, dropping BODYGUARD # Judge TURNS coming eye to eye with a .45, held by a very HIGH SABU.
159) 1) dialog: Drop the gun Panther man. Pistol pushed against Judge's skull, Sabu moves around to Judge's side. Judge DROPS the gun.
159) 2) dialog: All your mighty militant bullshit, man you don't know what fucking time it is do you? Dig it (holding up a bag of
159) 5) dialog: Sorry? Not me not now. This is my time not yours. Black Panthers? Who the fuck are you. Promising everything to everyone. Well fuck that. I got mine... Now y'all get yours... brother. Sabu COCKS the gun. Judge SPINS, batting Sabu's gun hand away.