1) 0) text: On the backslope of a mound of rubble, a three-man TV crew (field producer, reporter, and cameraman, all wearing flak jackets) waits while the cameraman, JEFFREY TAYLOR, works to repair his malfunctioning minicam. Throughout this sequence, ROD, the reporter, types on a laptop computer, oblivious to what is happening around him. HOWARD, the field producer, lies on his stomach, peering cautiously over the crest of the rubble through binoculars. Beyond him we see an empty street. It is lined with buildings blasted by shells: a sawtooth wall in the f.g., a ruined high-rise at the end of the street, billboards in an unrecognizable foreign language.
2) 0) text: A frightened woman lurks nervously in the shelter of the wall. She is young, in her early twenties, with shining dark hair down to her shoulders. She's carrying an armload of books.
11) 0) text: The frightened woman decides to make a dash for it.   She takes off her high-heeled shoes, inhales deeply, gathering herself to run.
16) 0) text: A late-model Jeep Cherokee is parked at the arrival curb. AMY TAYLOR, Jeff's wife, peers out from behind the wheel, scanning the crowd.
16) 1) text: Jeff, carrying a single bag slung over his shoulder, emerges from the terminal.
17) 0) text: A modest apartment in the Back Bay neighborhood. Not much furniture, but lots of books and CD's. On the walls, blow-ups of arty photographs -- Amy in modeling poses, plus many black-and-white scenery stills. Jeff's bag is unopened on the floor. We see two nearly full wine glasses on a table. The CAMERA TRACKS DOWN a hallway TO the open bedroom door.
18) 0) text: More framed photographs. Amy lies in bed, curled up against a pillow. The sheets are tangled in post-coital disarray, the only sign of disorder in this neatly arranged room.
18) 2) text: Amy stirs, reaching her hand out toward the other side of the bed, which is empty. She opens her eyes, surprised to find herself alone.
19) 0) text: A walk-in closet has been converted into a small photographic darkroom. Moist 8 X 10 prints hang from a clothesline, bathed in a warm red glow. The images are moody black and white landscapes. Jeff stands over the developer, timing a print. Amy enters through a thick black curtain behind him. He doesn't look up.
20) 1) text: I talked to Reynolds. (a beat) He thinks I could still get the job at the San Diego station. AMY
20) 8) text: Who's running? It's good money, full benefits. I'm tired of freelance. We could finally put some money in the bank. AMY
20) 13) text: That girl... it's like I was paralyzed. I wanted to do something, but I didn't. I just stood there and watched her get killed. He looks at her, emotional.
21) 0) text: The middle of nowhere. Sand, weeds and sagebrush. A two-lane highway stretches to the horizon like a ribbon of asphalt. The Cherokee cruises along the road. Its Massachusetts plates seem out of place in this stark landscape. There are no other vehicles. MOVING CLOSER, we see that Jeff is driving.    Amy is sou asleep in the reclined passenger seat. In back, luggage, moving boxes, camera cases.
22) 0) text: The AIR CONDITIONING WHISPERS. On the console are two empty Styrofoam McDonald's coffee cups and a state-of- the-art Nikon Camera. Jeff stretches in the driver's seat. He forces his eyes open, fighting sleep. He reaches for the coffee cup... it's empty. He glances into the back of the Jeep. There is a thermos of coffee on the back seat. Keeping one hand on the wheel, he reaches for the thermos and fumbles it to the floor. He strains to reach it. He doesn't notice...
23) 0) text: A slow-moving Dodge Ram pickup truck is approaching the highway along a small road that cuts across the desert floor. The pickup, equipped with oversized tires, roll bar, and a CB whip antenna, bounces over the uneven terrain and turns onto the highway, stopping just before entering Jeff's lane.
25) 0) text: The Cherokee goes into a wild looping skid. The Ram jerks to a halt as the Cherokee whips past, averting a collision by inches.
27) 0) text: A small desert gas station/mini-mart just off the highway. A sign over the building: "Last Gas For 30 Miles." The Cherokee is parked at the pumps, hood raised. Jeff comes out of the mini-mart, carrying a   plastic qua of oil. He unscrews the cap and starts to    fill the crankcase, careful not to spill on the new   engine. In the b.g., Amy is visible inside the store,   browsing a magazine rack.
28) 4) text: California. We thought we'd take the scenic route.
29) 2) text: Nice car. Jeff is in an awkward position. He's got a half-full upside-down bottle of oil in his hands. If he lifts it now, he'll spill on the engine. He turns his gaze back to the engine, decides to keep pouring.
30) 9) text: Junk food fiesta. Sno Balls, Yoo Hoo, Moon pies... can you believe they still make this stuff? JEFF
32) 9) text: Alright, what about ninety thousand dollars? What would you do with that? Jeff stares out the window.       He's not into this.
32) 20) text: What's the use. He's probably halfway to Bumblefuck now, the bastard. AMY
32) 21) text: Look, maybe if we call the cops -- Jeff is about to reply when suddenly the car bucks.
32) 25) text: Hang on -- I can't steer! The CAR bucks and SCREECHES. After a few HICCUPS, it jerks to a halt, just beyond a crest in the road. For a moment, they sit there dazed, staring ahead at the empty road. Then Amy notices an object on the floor -- the Nikon. She picks it up. AMY
33) 0) text: Steam pours from under the    hood of the Cherokee. Amy gets out and looks around    at the scorched wasteland. Jeff goes to the front of    the car, gropes under the ho for the release latch. He     yanks his hand away, burned the hot metal.
33) 7) text: (annoyed) I said I'm fine, okay? Jeff lifts the hood, examines the engine. He tugs on a cable, checks the battery connection and radiator. He goes to the passenger's side and takes a hand-held cellular phone from the glove box. He dials zero and hits "send." The PHONE BEEPS.
33) 15) text: Jeff, I'm talking to you.
33) 20) text: Look, I really don't want to go into this right now. I'm changing jobs, our finances are fucked, and we're stuck in the middle of nowhere. So could we maybe just fix the -- He stops in mid-sentence. There is a RUMBLE in the distance. They look down the road.
33) 34) text: You folks all right?
33) 37) text: Thanks, I'd appreciate it.    Amy, you want to steer? Amy gets behind the wheel and puts the shift in neutral. Jeff and Red push the car to the shoulder. As they push, Jeff glances at the CB antenna on Red's cab. JEFF
33) 46) text: Oh. Red walks around to the front of the car and peers down at the exposed engine. RED
33) 47) text: I'd offer to take a look, but it's hard to say with these new engines. Used to be, you could give 'em a kick and a holler and they'd start right up. Now it's all computers and chips. JEFF
33) 50) text: Tell you what. If you want a ride, there's a little diner up the road. Belle's. They got a pay phone. You could call a tow truck from there. Jeff considers this, glances back to where the Dodge Ram was last seen.
33) 60) text: He's offering to help. It       could be hours before anyone else      comes along. It's 100 degrees.        You really want to be stuck out      here? JEFF
33) 61) text: Amy, I've got my equipment in the car. All our stuff. What if those guys come back and we're not here? (turns away, quietly to himself)
33) 63) text: Stupid is sitting out here waiting for a cop when we already have a ride. In the b.g., the TRUCK is THROTTLING UP.       Then, mad careless:
33) 73) text: I'm going to the diner. I'm going to call a tow truck. Then I'm going to order an iced tea and wait. Good-bye, Jeff. JEFF
33) 75) text: You wanted to be alone. Well... you're alone. Why don't you take the time to get your head together? She walks to the truck. Jeff stands there. She climbs into the cab. Red moves some papers out of the way. RED
38) 0) text: A weather-beaten structure with a gravel parking lot. peeling sign on the roof: "Belle's: Beer &amp; Food." There is a phone booth outside. The Cherokee pulls in and parks.      Jeff CHIRPS the ALA heads for the entrance.
39) 0) text: Dark and dingy. Formica tables, a bar. Chunky customers in K-Mart clothes sit at the bar, nursing beers and watching a football game on a big MUTED TV. Jeff enters and all conversation stops. The other patrons turn and stare. After a moment, they return to their beers. Jeff glances around.   No sign of Amy.   No sign of Red. A bored-looking BARTENDER stands behind the counter, preparing a sandwich. Behind him, a blackboard menu. Jeff approaches.
39) 3) text: Dark hair, slender, about five- five. Wearing a pale blue Benetton shirt. BARTENDER
39) 4) text: A pale blue what? JEFF
39) 7) text: It would've been within the last half hour. She might've been with a trucker? BARTENDER
40) 0) text: Jeff squints in the bright sunlight. Maybe he got this place confused with a different diner. He peers up at the sign. It says "Belle's," all right. He walks to the phone booth, looks inside.   The phone book is missing. He picks up the receiver, listens for the dial tone... Phone works okay. He hangs up. He stands there for a moment, scanning the horizon in all directions. There is nothing else out here, nowhere else she could have gone. Jeff marches back into the diner...
41) 5) text: Okay. Jeff regards the Bartender skeptically.    He takes one last look around, then heads out.
42) 0) text: Jeff marches briskly to his car and opens the door, forgetting to deactivate the alarm. The SIREN WAILS. Jeff fumbles for the remote and shuts if OFF.
48) 2) text: It's Red, alright. But he's wearing a different cap. FROM this ANGLE, we can't see into the passenger side of the cab. Red peers down at Jeff, puzzled.      Jeff shouts at him, waves:
48) 30) text: What the hell are you doing -- ? Jeff freaks out, circling the truck, calling loudly:
48) 41) text: Calm down, sir. Tell me what's going on. Jeff catches his breath. JEFF
48) 43) text: Officer, he's crazy -- I don't know what he's talking about. JEFF
48) 45) text: All right -- everybody just calm down. (to Jeff) Sir, you want to tell me what happened? JEFF
48) 52) text: I don't know, officer. I'm driving along, suddenly this fella runs me off the road and starts hollering about his wife. I swear, I never seen the guy before. SHERIFF BOYD
48) 56) text: Sir, all right with you if I search your truck? RED
48) 57) text: Hell yes, officer. Go right ahead. Name's Red, by the way. Red Barr. (pulls out his wallet)
48) 58) text: My permits are all current. You can check 'em out. SHERIFF BOYD
48) 59) text: That won't be necessary yet. Just stand back behind the line. Both of you. As Red closes his wallet, several credit cards fall to the ground. He bends to scoop them up. Jeff eyes this suspiciously. The Sheriff climbs up into the truck.
50) 1) text: (to both of them) All right, let's see your license and registration. Jeff and Red fish into their wallets and hand over I.D.'s. The Sheriff examines them, comparing faces to pictures and writing down names. SHERIFF BOYD
50) 3) text: Nothing, empty load. I'm heading to Fresno for a pick up -- ball bearings or something. SHERIFF BOYD
50) 5) text: Tell me about it. Too much competition nowadays. One horse guys like me gotta drive halfway 'cross the country just to get a payin' job. JEFF
51) 0) text: Jeff and the Sheriff observe as Red unlatches two heavy padlocks. Grunting, he raises the slatted METAL DOOR. It retracts along the ceiling with a noisy RATTLE.
51) 3) text: Yeah. Personal stuff. Clothes and whatnot. You want to take a look? The Sheriff considers it, shakes his head. SHERIFF BOYD
53) 0) text: Sheriff Boyd looks up sternly as Jeff continues searching the cab. Red watches calmly. SHERIFF BOYD
53) 5) text: What about the information on the door panel. You recall any of that?
53) 16) text: (cuts in) Officer, I'm sorry, I'd like to stay and help, but I really got to make it to Fresno... SHERIFF BOYD
53) 36) text: (exhaling) Suit yourself, Mr. Taylor. The Sheriff shifts into gear and drives away. Jeff is left standing on the side of the road, desert in all directions.
54) 0) text: A wall is covered with missing persons' notices. Photographs of men, women and children stare back at us. Names and dates are printed across the bottom of the notices. PULL BACK to reveal Jeff staring at the gallery of faces. It's a creepy feeling. Several yards away, DEPUTY LEN CARVER, a young puffy-faced lawman, sits at a desk filling out a form. Jeff looks shaken. DEPUTY CARVER
54) 1) text: Is this a recent picture? Jeff glances over. Deputy Carver is holding up a wallet- sized photograph of Amy. JEFF
54) 8) text: We'll certainly do our best, Mr. Taylor. There's over a hundred thousand people go missing in this country every year. Runaways, deadbeat dads, dropouts, folks hiding from the I.R.S. -- all vanishing without a trace. Jeff stares at the faces. DEPUTY CARVER
56) 0) text: The Cherokee pulls up to the side of the building.   Jeff gets out and walks inside.
57) 8) text: Buddy, I told you the last time. I'm busy. Maybe she came in, maybe she didn't. All I know is, I didn't see her. Jeff looks around, not particularly trusting the Bartender's skills of observation. He grinds his jaw. The other customers at the bar have been watching all this. One of them, an older grizzled BARFLY, looks up at Jeff. BARFLY
57) 9) text: (confidentially) None of my business, mister. But if I was you I'd take a look in the ladies room. The Barfly gives Jeff a wink and turns back to his beer. Snickers from some of his bar mates, who avert their eyes when Jeff glances at them. Jeff knows this is almost certainly a put-on, but he can't take a chance. While the Barflies watch, poker-faced, Jeff walks to the door of the ladies room, hesitates, then knocks. His knock is answered by a wordless sound, HALF-GROAN, HALF- GASP.
57) 13) text: Hey -- what the hell you doing?! Jeff backs away, yanks the door shut.   The barflies chuckle among themselves. Jeff strides angrily for the exit. He stops at the door, takes one last look around. No one seems to be paying him much attention. He turns to leave... ... but something stops him. He can't put his finger on it. There's something wrong here... He stares at the other customers. Why do they avoid eye contact? Are they hiding something? He scrutinizes more closely... There is the gruff trucker, sitting at a nearby table shoveling food in his mouth. He's been averting his gaze ever since Jeff walked in. And then there's the traveling salesman. Overweight, sweaty. Popping vitamins along with his coffee. Or what about the shirtless biker, reading a comic book at the bar? Probably an ex-con. While Jeff is running these suspicions through his mind, a trucker approaches the counter to place an order. The Bartender jots it down on a pad, then tears off the carbon slip. He places one copy above the grill and another in a pile by the cash register. Jeff stares, an idea forming... He approaches the bar. JEFF
57) 22) text: You calling me a liar? A tense beat. Possessed by a sudden impulse, Jeff makes a grab for the receipts. Before he can reach them, the Bartender's hand clamps onto his. BARTENDER
58) 2) text: Please, I need the phone -- I have to call the police!
58) 11) text: Oh man. Never shoulda opened my damn mouth. Now I'm gonna git it. Billy breaks into a loping run through the parking lot. Jeff hurries after him and catches up, cornering Billy between two cars, trying to calm him. JEFF
58) 12) text: No one's going to hurt you, Billy. Just tell me what you saw. Billy glances around nervously, swallowing. BILLY
58) 26) text: I ain't talking to you no more. JEFF
59) 0) text: Jeff drives flat-out, his face grim.    The speedometer reads 100 mph. Keeping his eye on the road, he thumbs through the pages of a pocket address book. He picks up the handheld cellular phone and dials. JEFF
62) 0) text: Jeff drives, desperately searching for any sign of a truck. There are no other vehicles on the road. He keeps pressing the "REDIAL" button.    The "NO SERVICE INDICATOR BEEPS over and over.
64) 0) text: Something catches Jeff's eye on the cell phone. For the first time, the "SERVICE" indicator blinks green. Jeff immediately grabs the phone again and presses "REDIAL."
64) 6) text: Hello, Steve? It's Jeff Taylor... Listen, I -- don't put me on hold! I need a favor... I've gotta talk to that friend of yours at the F.B.I... No, it's about Amy, she's missing -- There is a burst of STATIC.       The reception is very p JEFF
64) 9) text: Yes, I'm still here.       No -- don't call back -- Steve?!       Steve?! The SIGNAL CUTS OFF.    Jeff slams the phone against the dash, furious.
64) 45) text: Jeff breaststrokes for all he's worth. Sand swirls in the swift current. He pushes away from a boulder in his path. He swims until his lungs are bursting, then surfaces for air.
65) 0) text: Jeff has climbed to higher ground. He lies flat on his belly and peers THROUGH a gap in the rocks at the river valley below.
65) 5) text: You try chasing... through this shit... AL
67) 13) text: (coming around; stalling)
67) 14) text: I don't -- there's different accounts... the balance fluctuates... BILLY
67) 16) text: We been fucked with, is what I think. Little slut lied to us. Put 'em on the spot, they'll say anything to stay alive. Billy nods, disappointed. BILLY
67) 17) text: Yeah, I suppose. Too bad. (peers down at Jeff) Guess you're not the donut magnate after all. (to Earl) Waste of time. Plug him. Earl raises a pistol.   Jeff's eyes flash. JEFF
69) 22) text: How do I know she's still alive? Billy slugs him in the gut again.   Jeff doubles over.
69) 25) text: Now a smart guy like you, you're already thinking about calling the cops, right? Jeff says nothing. Red raises a hand-held CB to his mouth. He keys the transmitter. RED
69) 26) text: (into mike) Iron Man to Blacktop, let's open the gate. AL (V.O.)
69) 32) text: Problem is, you can see this town for miles around. So ask yourself: How's the law gonna get here? They gonna fly in? Drive in? Either way, we'll see 'em. So let me be very clear: if we see one unmarked car, one plane, one human being who even smells like a cop -- this deal is dead. He tosses Jeff the binoculars. RED
69) 35) text: There's exactly two cops in this town. One of them's inside pulling ass duty; the other's on patrol in the foothills. Now a minute ago one of my men called in a non-injury accident on the I-40 connector. Deputy Carver comes out of the building gulping down a sandwich. He gets in the cruiser and pulls away, lights flashing. RED (O.S.)
69) 36) text: It'll take that good ol' boy 20 minutes to get to the connector, another 10 to see there's no accident, and another 20 or so to tool his way back. 50 minutes all in. The cruiser pulls away down the highway.
70) 0) text: Jeff stumbles and nearly falls as he descends   the loose rock at the foot of the mesa. He looks up at    the ridge but Red and his crew have pulled back out of   view. Jeff starts across an open field toward the town,   first jogging, then running.
72) 0) text: Jeff pushes through the main doors. It's a typical small town operation. A guard stands near the entrance. Several customers wait in line for the woman teller. Jeff looks at the slow-moving line and swears softly. He doesn't have time to wait. He glances around, sees an older man sitting at a desk in the rear of the bank, the nameplate on the desk identifying him as Roger Calhoun. Jeff approaches. JEFF
72) 1) text: I need to see the manager. I need a wire transfer from my bank in Boston. CALHOUN looks up from his paperwork, hesitates at Jeff's appearance. CALHOUN
72) 5) text: What? CALHOUN
72) 11) text: Here's my driver's license, credit card if you need it, my account number in Boston... How long is this going to take? Calhoun looks at him curiously. CALHOUN
72) 12) text: Are you all right? JEFF
72) 15) text: (impatient) My credit card. I've got a $6,000 limit. Can you advance me the whole $6,000? Calhoun looks mystified. CALHOUN
72) 16) text: No, I can't. For non-customers the limit is $500 a day. Sir, are you sure you're all right? JEFF
72) 17) text: Yes, I'm fine. Just... transfer the money, okay? Calhoun raises an eyebrow and begins filling out the transfer form. Jeff eyes him, decides he has to risk it. He leans toward the desk. JEFF
72) 18) text: Look, I'm going to tell you something. Whatever happens, just keep filling out that form, okay? CALHOUN
73) 0) text: Jeff enters and locks the door. He startles at his reflection in the mirror.     He is sunburned, dirty, lacerated. He opens a cabinet and rifles through the supplies, looking for anything that could be used as a weapon. tosses aside detergents and air fresheners. He picks up   the toilet plunger, pulls the wooden rod fr the rubber   base. He swings it into his palm a few times testing it   as a club. It's too bulky. He won't be able to conceal   it. He checks his watch. Time is running out.      He takes o last look around the bathroom, then exits.
74) 0) text: Jeff comes out of the rest room. The manager is behind the teller's counter. The cowboy is gone. In his place sits a middle-aged blue collar worker. He looks at Jeff. Jeff takes a seat, glances at Calhoun's empty desk. There is a letter opener on the desk, several paper bands for wrapping currency. Positioning his body so no one can see, Jeff takes the letter opener and slips it into his sleeve. He scoops up a handful of currency wrappers. Jeff goes to the teller's window, scribbles something on the back of a deposit slip and hands it to the teller. JEFF
75) 0) text: Jeff comes out of the bank with a manila envelope, glancing up and down the street. There's no sign of the men. He squints toward the mesa. No sign of them there either. He stands there. What's he supposed to do now? He checks his watch, growing anxious. Finally he is about to jog back in the direction he came, when... a PHONE RINGS. Jeff turns. There's a pay PHONE down the street. It RINGS again. He approaches quickly, lifts the receiver. JEFF
75) 8) text: Good. Turn left and start walking toward the main road. Get in the first car that stops.
75) 11) text: When I say so. Now walk. The LINE CLICKS.    Jeff hangs up and starts walking.
76) 0) text: Calhoun speaks on the phone. CALHOUN
76) 1) text: Marie, this is Roger Calhoun down at the bank. Is the Sheriff there? (a beat) Well, maybe it's nothing, but you might tell him we just had a fellow in here acting kind of strange...
77) 0) text: Jeff walks along the road, carrying the envelope. Various cars pass in either direction, but none slow down. Jeff stiffens as an 18-wheeler approaches. But the TRUCK THUNDERS past, blowing a cloud of dust and sand in his face. Jeff continues walking, anxiously checking over his shoulder every few moments. His eyes narrow. The Dodge Ram pickup is cruising toward him. It slows, then brakes to a halt. The passenger door opens. Earl sits behind the wheel, aiming an automatic pistol. EARL
77) 6) text: Wrong, asshole. First you give me the money, then you find out. Unless you want me to shoot you dead right here on the highway. Jeff looks around, wonders if Earl would risk shooting him in view of passing traffic. Jeff hesitates, then tosses the envelope on the      seat Earl opens it, reaches in and pulls out several      pack of currency. They are wrapped with paper bands       and appear to be stacks of fifties and hundreds. He       rep them and gestures at Jeff with the gun. EARL
77) 8) text: Turn around, hands behind your back, and step toward the truck. Jeff takes two backwards steps toward the passenger side door. Earl grabs his arms, yanks roughly and wraps them with several layers of duct tape. EARL
77) 18) text: Gotcha. He ends the call and tosses the cell phone on the dash. EARL
82) 0) text: The PICKUP SCREECHES and comes to a halt straddling the road.
87) 13) text: Is that what you want? You really want me to stop? 'Cause I bet this baby stops on a dime!
89) 0) text: The Ram driving erratically and weaving back and forth across the road.
94) 0) text: The cruiser pulls up alongside the pickup...
95) 1) text: Jesus Christ -- (on radio) Dispatch! Suspect identified as one Jeffrey Taylor, repeat, Jeffrey Taylor! Boyd taps his brakes, falling back behind the pickup.
97) 0) text: Sheriff Boyd swerves to avoid a crash as the RAM SCREECHES to a halt in front of him!
99) 0) text: Earl struggles for breath. The duct tape is still tight around his neck. He strains against the tape binding his limbs. He glances in the side view mirror to see the Sheriff ordering Jeff down on the ground. By wriggling and contorting his wrists, Earl is able to tear one hand free. Then he pulls away the rest of the duct tape from his knees. The tape is still wrapped tightly around    his neck, pinning him to the backrest. Earl claws     at the tape, it won't come free. Finally, with both     hands, he reac behind his head and yanks the read rest    from the seat. He reaches into his boot for something...
100) 0) text: Jeff is spread-eagled on the ground. Sheriff Boyd calls out to Earl in the cab. He keeps his gun leveled. SHERIFF BOYD
100) 1) text: You there -- in the pickup! You all right? Can you get out? EARL
100) 6) text: Shut up. (to Earl) C'mon out, sir. It's safe -- Earl sets one foot on the road. The headrest dangles against his back, still taped to his neck. Suddenly Earl whirls, holding a .22 snub-nose REVOLVER and FIRES! The sheriff stumbles away, blood spurting from his shoulder, the gun flying from his hand. Jeff looks up in horror as the sheriff falls.
102) 0) text: Jeff skids on his heels down the loose hillside and reaches the edge of the parking lot. There are trucks everywhere. Diesel MOTORS RUMBLE. Exhaust fills the air. He reaches the end of a row of big rigs, starts searching the grounds for the markings of Red's 18-wheeler. It's nowhere in sight. A high-pitched FEMININE SQUEAL from an adjacent truck's sleeping compartment startles Jeff. TRUCKER (O.S.)
103) 0) text: Jeff peers out from behind a parked mini-van as trucks emerge wet and dripping from an immense truck wash. Across the way, trucks are filling up on diesel at the gas islands. Jeff's eyes narrow. Is that Red's Peterbilt among them? He quickens his pace, then falls back, slumping. The rig's black driver is getting in the cab. Jeff glances to the side, frowns.
105) 0) text: Jeff's jaw tightens. He glances toward the road, sees two more highway patrol cars cruising the perimeter of the truck stop. Swearing, Jeff turns on his heels and walks away in the opposite direction, shielding his face.
106) 0) text: Jeff emerges from between two vehicles, glancing over his shoulder nervously. He keeps his head down, moving fast. He scans the truck stop in all directions. The patrol car is still parked on the ridge, the patrolman peering through binoculars. Jeff quickens his pace alongside the truck stop building, passing a row of pay phones. He looks up, stops dead. Red is talking on a pay phone six feet away. Jeff stares. Red is facing away, unaware of his presence. Jeff darts into an adjacent pay phone. He shields his face with the receiver and listens. RED
106) 1) text: (on phone) I don't know, dammit, he was supposed to be here a half hour ago. There's reports on the police band about a cop down and this place is crawling with uniforms...
106) 5) text: Look, I'm getting out of here. Stay off the airwaves. Bring the girl and meet me at the barn... You got that? He hangs up.   Jeff presses the phone against his face an turns away. When he looks up, Red is walking toward his Peterbilt truck, parked in a row of big rigs. Jeff starts to follow, then freezes. Several cops are fanning out on foot, questioning everyone they encounter. Jeff sees Red getting into his truck. The ENGINE KICKS OVER. The BRAKES HISS and the truck begins pulling out. Jeff whips around. The older vacationing couple are talking to a cop fifty yards away. The husband points toward the pay phones. Jeff makes a sudden decision, doubles back behind a rolling farm truck.
107) 0) text: Jeff hangs on for dear life. His legs drag over the asphalt. He lets out a cry of pain. The truck is joining the highway, accelerating. Grimacing, Jeff swings his legs over the universal joint as the roadway races past below. The huge TIRES are a HOWLING blur. Suddenly his grip falters on the grease. His back scrapes the rushing asphalt. Jeff gasps, makes a grab and holds firm. As he hangs on, a station wagon overtakes the Peterbilt in the passing lane. A three-year-old boy sits in the rear compartment, staring out at Jeff, a puzzled expression on his face. Jeff stares back. It's an odd moment between the two. The station wagon continues forward and EXITS FRAME.
109) 0) text: The tires kick up a hail storm of loose gravel and dirt, pelting Jeff all over his body. He realizes he can't stay where he is. Grunting with effort, he works his way hand over hand along the underside rigging toward the cab. He seizes the trailer hitch and hoists himself up.
110) 0) text: Standing on the coupler, Jeff clutches his ribs and catches his breath. He's in pain. The road whips by below his feet. The truck hits an uneven stretch of road and bounces violently. Jeff grabs the coiled brake line for support. The truck is doing 70 mph, exhaust racketing. Jeff pulls the cell phone from his pocket and dials 911. He holds it tightly to his ear, shouting above the wind.
110) 2) text: Hello? Can you hear me? This is Jeff Taylor. I need to talk to the deputy. He strains to hear the reply.
112) 0) text: Jeff clutches the cell phone to his ear, waiting.    He reacts suddenly as the call is put through.
113) 1) text: It's no good. He's not talking. You better mobilize your boys. The troopers stare back.    They look like they have a score to settle.
114) 0) text: The truck streaks along the interstate.   Sitting on the coupler, Jeff is a picture of despair.
116) 0) text: The TRACTOR TRAILER RUMBLES in low gear along a sparsely populated two-lane road. A neighborhood DOG YAPS.
117) 0) text: From his hiding place under the windfoil, Jeff peers out into the darkness, unable to figure out where he is. He catches his balance as the truck turns a corner and slows, driving past a tract of undeveloped land, before turning into the driveway of a...
118) 0) text: and braking to a halt under the broad overhanging eave of an old dilapidated barn.
120) 1) text: ... but it's four in the morning. Why can't Al and Billy come some other time? RED
120) 6) text: Say, Deke, how 'bout opening up the barn for your daddy? Deke takes the key and sprints for the barn while Red returns to the cab, passing within several feet of Jeff's hiding place. He reaches into the cab, brings out a duffel bag and unzips it. Jeff keeps his breathing shallow, squeezes against the windfoil. RED
120) 17) text: Okay, okay, I'll give it to you. He opens his hand, revealing Jeff's Swiss Army knife.
126) 0) text: Al dismounts from the moving truck. Billy climbs out of the Firebird. They are travel-sore, stretching. Red shuts the door behind them.
126) 1) dialog: Man, if I never see another couple from Massachusetts it'll be too soon.
127) 1) text: The men unload Jeff and Amy's belongings -- luggage, photography equipment, miscellaneous items. Inside the moving van, the battered Jeep Cherokee is visible, partially covered with a tarp.
127) 8) dialog: Figured I'd get started on the jewelry.
129) 0) text: Red unlatches a hidden compartment under the chassis of the moving truck. He and Billy slide out a long metal box, similar to a drawer in a morgue. They lift the metal lid, revealing --
130) 0) text: Jeff stares, paralyzed, his universe exploded.   Moisture forms in his eyes.
131) 0) text: Billy and Al reach into the compartment, start to lift out the sack. RED
131) 1) text: I'll get some plastic. We'll bury her before it gets light out. Suddenly the sack drives its legs into Al's belly.
131) 2) dialog: (startled)
131) 3) text: Aagh! Al falls backward, drops the sack on the floor. It tears open revealing Amy -- gagged with duct tape, her wrists and ankles taped. She squirms and kicks wildly, her screams muffled.
132) 0) text: We see Jeff's eye in the knothole. It's all we need to see to gauge the effect on him of seeing Amy alive.
133) 0) text: Al gets to his feet, furious.
133) 1) dialog: Goddamn.   Scared me half to death. BILLY
133) 2) text: (chuckles) Gotcha good, huh, Al? Oughta be more careful next time. AL
133) 9) text: Just a second, Arleen. Red walks to a corner, moves aside a section of false flooring. He pulls up a hidden trap door, revealing a root cellar.
133) 15) text: C'mon, let's go. They turn, walk toward the door. Red opens it. Arleen is standing there. Al and Billy greet her politely:
135) 10) text: I'm going to get you out of there, Amy. He swallows, emotional, clearly torn. JEFF
135) 11) text: I love you. (under his breath) Please, God, let her still be alive.
140) 0) text: Red is in the middle of telling a story.    Arleen, Billy and Al sit around the table.
140) 19) text: I don't know, honey.        Just stay calm -- JEFF
140) 20) text: (to Arleen) Your husband's a kidnapper and a murderer is what's going on! Did you know that about him? Huh? (gestures) Ever wonder where all this stuff comes from? Arleen looks up at Jeff, scared.      She starts to open mouth, when --
140) 29) text: My daddy keeps his rifle loaded all the time. He showed me in case I needed to protect Mommy when he's away. JEFF
141) 14) text: Let's go. Move it. Jeff herds all four into --
142) 0) text: Jeff leads the group through the barn at gun-point. He glances right and left, wired. The rifle is strapped to his back. He keeps the handgun ready. He peers under the tractor-trailer, looking for any sign of Billy. They reach the trap door. Jeff circles it, constantly keeping an eye on Red and Al. He hands the keys to Deke. JEFF
142) 10) text: It's all right, son.     Just ignore that stuff. Jeff crouches to peer into the cellar.
142) 24) text: (to Red) You better pray she's all right.
142) 28) text: I'm almost free!!! JEFF
143) 2) text: (turning) But there's a phone inside.         We have to call the police.
146) 0) text: Jeff enters. The place is ramshackle -- torn vinyl furniture, empty beer bottles scattered about. A tattered flag hangs on the wall. There's no one around. JEFF
146) 1) text: (shouting) Hello? Anyone home? Amy follows him inside, looks around. Jeff crosses the room, snatches up a phone and dials 911. JEFF
146) 12) text: Jeff! Suddenly, the ROAR is DEAFENING -- The PETERBILT EXPLODES through the wall of the trailer home!
148) 0) text: The rickety structure spins 360 degrees! Jeff goes flying. A TELEVISION somersaults across the room and EXPLODES. Amy slams into a wall. The speeding Peterbilt shears away a section of the trailer home with a horrible RIPPING sound! The trailer home is suddenly open to the sky.
152) 0) text: Police cars and official vehicles are parked outside the house. RADIOS CHATTER. Yellow crime tape holds back onlookers and news reporters. Cops and evidence technicians work the scene. A criminalist photographs stolen property as it's carried out of the barn. A plainclothes FBI AGENT closes a cellphone and walks over to where Jeff and Amy are sitting at a picnic table. They are battered and bandaged. JEFF
152) 2) text: Out of surgery. It looks like he's gonna make it. As for the wife and kid, she's not talking, he's being turned over to Protective Services. Jeff nods soberly. FBI AGENT
152) 3) text: We've got I.D. on the dead suspects. Turns out they were all licensed truckers. One of 'em had a rap for check kiting. Otherwise they could've been model citizens. JEFF
152) 5) text: Same thing. His real name's Warren Claney. Three speeding tickets in five years -- apart from that, he's clean as a whistle. Amy watches as cops stack windshields outside the barn.
152) 13) text: (re: media) C'mon -- let's get you folks out of here before things really get hairy. He escorts them to a waiting sedan. As they climb in, Jeff looks back over his shoulder, surveying the scene one last time. He gets in and the car pulls away just as the frenzied news crew arrives, mikes and cameras at the ready, running alongside the departing sedan, shouting questions. Through the rear window, we see Jeff putting his arm around Amy, pulling her close as we hear: AMY