16) 0) text: A late-model Jeep Cherokee is parked at the arrival curb. AMY TAYLOR, Jeff's wife, peers out from behind the wheel, scanning the crowd.
16) 8) dialog: No camera? Jeff shakes his head no.
16) 9) dialog: No nothing? Again Jeff shakes his head.       Amy arches an eyebrow.
16) 10) dialog: Ah ha.
17) 0) text: A modest apartment in the Back Bay neighborhood. Not much furniture, but lots of books and CD's. On the walls, blow-ups of arty photographs -- Amy in modeling poses, plus many black-and-white scenery stills. Jeff's bag is unopened on the floor. We see two nearly full wine glasses on a table. The CAMERA TRACKS DOWN a hallway TO the open bedroom door.
18) 0) text: More framed photographs. Amy lies in bed, curled up against a pillow. The sheets are tangled in post-coital disarray, the only sign of disorder in this neatly arranged room.
18) 2) text: Amy stirs, reaching her hand out toward the other side of the bed, which is empty. She opens her eyes, surprised to find herself alone.
18) 3) dialog: Jeff? No reply. Something catches her attention from across the room. She rises, pulls a loose robe around herself and pads over to a closed door. She knocks softly.
18) 4) dialog: Can I come in?
19) 0) text: A walk-in closet has been converted into a small photographic darkroom. Moist 8 X 10 prints hang from a clothesline, bathed in a warm red glow. The images are moody black and white landscapes. Jeff stands over the developer, timing a print. Amy enters through a thick black curtain behind him. He doesn't look up.
19) 1) dialog: Couldn't sleep? Jeff shakes his head. Amy looks over his shoulder at a landscape photograph in the developing tray.
19) 2) dialog: I remember when you took that. We had fun on that trip, didn't we? Jeff nods.    Amy looks at him.     After a beat:
19) 3) dialog: You want to talk about it?
19) 5) dialog: C'mon, Jeff.
19) 10) dialog: That's   it? Jeff nods. AMY
19) 11) text: Whatever happened back there wasn't your responsibility. You can't keep beating yourself up over it. He says nothing. AMY
20) 0) text: Jeff pours himself a glass of milk. Amy enters, stands on the other side of the counter. Jeff doesn't meet her eyes. After a beat: JEFF
20) 1) text: I talked to Reynolds. (a beat) He thinks I could still get the job at the San Diego station. AMY
20) 7) dialog: Is that what you really want -- or are you just running away? JEFF
20) 8) text: Who's running? It's good money, full benefits. I'm tired of freelance. We could finally put some money in the bank. AMY
20) 11) dialog: You're supposed to let it happen. It's your job.
21) 0) text: The middle of nowhere. Sand, weeds and sagebrush. A two-lane highway stretches to the horizon like a ribbon of asphalt. The Cherokee cruises along the road. Its Massachusetts plates seem out of place in this stark landscape. There are no other vehicles. MOVING CLOSER, we see that Jeff is driving.    Amy is sou asleep in the reclined passenger seat. In back, luggage, moving boxes, camera cases.
24) 0) text: Jeff glances up just in time to see the Ram lurch into the road in front of him. Jeff drops the thermos and spins the wheel! Amy's eyes fly open --
26) 0) text: Jeff expels a breath. Amy turns to see the pickup stopped in the road. She looks at him, concerned.
26) 1) dialog: Jesus, Jeff...
27) 0) text: A small desert gas station/mini-mart just off the highway. A sign over the building: "Last Gas For 30 Miles." The Cherokee is parked at the pumps, hood raised. Jeff comes out of the mini-mart, carrying a   plastic qua of oil. He unscrews the cap and starts to    fill the crankcase, careful not to spill on the new   engine. In the b.g., Amy is visible inside the store,   browsing a magazine rack.
28) 0) text: Amy thumbs through a cheap tourist guide, The Desert Southwest. A TRUCK DRIVER stands nearby, perusing the magazines. He glances in Amy's direction, notices what she's reading.
28) 2) dialog: Sort of.    We're moving, actually.
29) 15) text: The hell I did. I saw what happened. Looking past Earl, Jeff sees Amy come out of the mini- mart with a bag of groceries. He speaks carefully, anxious to avoid a confrontation. JEFF
29) 23) dialog: What was that about?
29) 26) dialog: You want me to drive?
29) 28) dialog: Is something wrong?
30) 5) dialog: This isn't the Grand Prix, you know. Jeff releases his foot from the accelerator.     The need sinks back down to 65. She gives him a long contemplative look.
30) 6) dialog: What's bothering you?
30) 8) text: What'd you get? Amy pulls out an assortment of candy bars and junk food. AMY
32) 0) text: Jeff drives in silence. Amy stares out the window, bored. Looking for a distraction, she picks up a cellophane package of doughnuts and peruses the label.
32) 4) dialog: (trying to brighten the mood)
32) 6) dialog: What would you do with ninety thousand doughnuts? Jeff shrugs, disinterested.
32) 8) dialog: Very funny. (beat)
32) 12) dialog: (startled)
32) 16) dialog: Should we go back?
32) 20) text: What's the use. He's probably halfway to Bumblefuck now, the bastard. AMY
32) 25) text: Hang on -- I can't steer! The CAR bucks and SCREECHES. After a few HICCUPS, it jerks to a halt, just beyond a crest in the road. For a moment, they sit there dazed, staring ahead at the empty road. Then Amy notices an object on the floor -- the Nikon. She picks it up. AMY
33) 0) text: Steam pours from under the    hood of the Cherokee. Amy gets out and looks around    at the scorched wasteland. Jeff goes to the front of    the car, gropes under the ho for the release latch. He     yanks his hand away, burned the hot metal.
33) 5) dialog: Are you okay?
33) 8) dialog: Out of range? Jeff grunts, tosses the phone on the seat. It bounces and lands on the floor. Amy watches as he returns to the engine and begins unscrewing the radiator cap. AMY
33) 11) dialog: Not the car.
33) 14) dialog: It's been a month since you got back. You can't keep shutting me out like this. Jeff says nothing. AMY
33) 25) dialog: (looking down the road)
33) 33) dialog: breathes a sigh of relief. The driver dismounts from the cab, leaving the ENGINE IDLING. We recognize him as the Trucker in the mini- mart. He removes his cap, revealing a shock of prematurely white hair. He is well-shaven, his clothes immaculate. His name is Red. RED (TRUCKER)
33) 37) text: Thanks, I'd appreciate it.    Amy, you want to steer? Amy gets behind the wheel and puts the shift in neutral. Jeff and Red push the car to the shoulder. As they push, Jeff glances at the CB antenna on Red's cab. JEFF
33) 49) text: That could be the problem. You been running it pretty fast? Amy gives Jeff a reprimanding look.     It's subtle, but notices. RED
33) 57) text: Good    luck. He turns and heads back toward his truck. Amy looks at Jeff. She waits till the trucker is out of earshot.
33) 58) dialog: Are you nuts?
33) 61) text: Amy, I've got my equipment in the car. All our stuff. What if those guys come back and we're not here? (turns away, quietly to himself)
33) 62) text: Jesus... don't be stupid... Amy hears this.       She's had enough.   Flares. AMY
33) 64) dialog: Stupid was letting you talk me into leaving Boston. She turns away. The truck starts to pull out. She bites her lip, thinking, then steps into the road and flags the truck down. Red brakes.
33) 65) dialog: Excuse me? Do you think you could drop me at that diner?
33) 70) text: Sure thing. How about you, mister? I could take you both just as easy. AMY
33) 72) text: What do you think you're doing? AMY
33) 74) text: (firm) You're not riding with that guy. End of story. AMY
39) 0) text: Dark and dingy. Formica tables, a bar. Chunky customers in K-Mart clothes sit at the bar, nursing beers and watching a football game on a big MUTED TV. Jeff enters and all conversation stops. The other patrons turn and stare. After a moment, they return to their beers. Jeff glances around.   No sign of Amy.   No sign of Red. A bored-looking BARTENDER stands behind the counter, preparing a sandwich. Behind him, a blackboard menu. Jeff approaches.
41) 3) text: Look, if my wife comes in -- her name is Amy -- tell her I was here. Tell her to stay put till I get back, not to move. Would you do that, please?
52) 0) text: Jeff searches the cab for signs of Amy. He tosses aside a jacket, rifles papers on the floor. There is nothing.
54) 1) text: Is this a recent picture? Jeff glances over. Deputy Carver is holding up a wallet- sized photograph of Amy. JEFF
57) 0) text: Jeff enters, looks around. It's the same scene as before: same Bartender, a slightly different cast of characters. No sign of Amy.
64) 6) text: Hello, Steve? It's Jeff Taylor... Listen, I -- don't put me on hold! I need a favor... I've gotta talk to that friend of yours at the F.B.I... No, it's about Amy, she's missing -- There is a burst of STATIC.       The reception is very p JEFF
64) 7) text: I said Amy's been -- More STATIC.
127) 1) text: The men unload Jeff and Amy's belongings -- luggage, photography equipment, miscellaneous items. Inside the moving van, the battered Jeep Cherokee is visible, partially covered with a tarp.
131) 3) text: Aagh! Al falls backward, drops the sack on the floor. It tears open revealing Amy -- gagged with duct tape, her wrists and ankles taped. She squirms and kicks wildly, her screams muffled.
132) 0) text: We see Jeff's eye in the knothole. It's all we need to see to gauge the effect on him of seeing Amy alive.
133) 3) text: Shut up. (glaring at Amy) Lemme do her, Red. I'll cut her head off right now. ARLEEN (O.S.)
133) 10) dialog: squirms on the hay-strewn floor. Her clothes are ripped, face bruised. She looks up, reacting: Jeff's eye is visible in the knothole. Their gaze meets... and holds...
135) 3) text: Amy? Still no reply. Jeff swears, glances around the dark room.       There is tool bench across the room.
135) 10) text: I'm going to get you out of there, Amy. He swallows, emotional, clearly torn. JEFF
142) 26) dialog: Jeff!!??
142) 29) text: Amy, come up here! Amy climbs the stairs quickly. Scraps of duct tape cling to her wrists. She throws her arm around Jeff. AMY
142) 31) text: I know, baby. It's okay.       They can't hurt you now. While Amy embraces him, Jeff keeps the gun on Red and the others. He gestures toward the cellar.
145) 0) text: The morning sky is lighter now. A rickety trailer surrounded by a chicken coop, junked appliances and a clothesline. There's an old utility pickup truck parked in front. Jeff and Amy arrive out of breath. Jeff pounds on the door.
146) 1) text: (shouting) Hello? Anyone home? Amy follows him inside, looks around. Jeff crosses the room, snatches up a phone and dials 911. JEFF
146) 8) dialog: (suddenly hearing something)
146) 10) text: No -- he kidnapped my wife, he's locked in a barn... Jeffrey Taylor. If you contact the police in -- Amy pulls a curtain aside, reacts to what she sees --
146) 11) dialog: (panicked)
148) 0) text: The rickety structure spins 360 degrees! Jeff goes flying. A TELEVISION somersaults across the room and EXPLODES. Amy slams into a wall. The speeding Peterbilt shears away a section of the trailer home with a horrible RIPPING sound! The trailer home is suddenly open to the sky.
151) 0) text: Red sees Amy and Jeff flee the trailer and head for the utility pickup. He throws the Peterbilt into a turn.
151) 3) dialog: Jeff, go!    Go!
151) 9) dialog: Can't this thing go any faster?! A SHOTGUN BLAST SHATTERS the passenger WINDOW! Amy screams as glass showers the cab. Jeff swerves wildly.
151) 16) dialog: yelps as the passenger-side MIRROR DISINTEGRATES!    She whips around, sees --
151) 33) dialog: Look out! Al jacks the trigger -- BLAM!    BLAM!
151) 59) dialog: Jeff...
151) 61) text: Jeff... I can't get out... Jeff drops back into the cab. The dashboard is crushed against Amy's legs. She tries to wriggle free.
151) 68) dialog: I mean I can't get out! Jeff blinks. He climbs out of the Ford, runs around to Amy's side and yanks the door. It comes open with a CREAK of METAL. Behind Jeff on the bridge, a MOTOR KICKS OVER.   He whirls.
151) 75) dialog: (turning, reacting)
151) 83) dialog: (panicked)
151) 109) dialog: Oh God... Jeff...
151) 116) dialog: takes hold of Jeff's hand.
151) 122) dialog: Don't let me go, Jeff...
152) 0) text: Police cars and official vehicles are parked outside the house. RADIOS CHATTER. Yellow crime tape holds back onlookers and news reporters. Cops and evidence technicians work the scene. A criminalist photographs stolen property as it's carried out of the barn. A plainclothes FBI AGENT closes a cellphone and walks over to where Jeff and Amy are sitting at a picnic table. They are battered and bandaged. JEFF
152) 5) text: Same thing. His real name's Warren Claney. Three speeding tickets in five years -- apart from that, he's clean as a whistle. Amy watches as cops stack windshields outside the barn.
152) 6) dialog: (dazed) How could they do it? How could they treat it like a... business? FBI AGENT
152) 13) text: (re: media) C'mon -- let's get you folks out of here before things really get hairy. He escorts them to a waiting sedan. As they climb in, Jeff looks back over his shoulder, surveying the scene one last time. He gets in and the car pulls away just as the frenzied news crew arrives, mikes and cameras at the ready, running alongside the departing sedan, shouting questions. Through the rear window, we see Jeff putting his arm around Amy, pulling her close as we hear: AMY