58) 6) text: (drawls) My name's Billy. You the feller lookin' for his wife? JEFF
58) 8) text: Please, if you know something, anything, tell me. BILLY (SLUGGISH MAN)
58) 11) text: Oh man. Never shoulda opened my damn mouth. Now I'm gonna git it. Billy breaks into a loping run through the parking lot. Jeff hurries after him and catches up, cornering Billy between two cars, trying to calm him. JEFF
58) 12) text: No one's going to hurt you, Billy. Just tell me what you saw. Billy glances around nervously, swallowing. BILLY
58) 22) dialog: Uh-huh.    Route seven.   Up by the river. JEFF
58) 24) dialog: Dunno. They don't tell me that kind of stuff. JEFF
58) 25) text: Who doesn't? The bartender?      The men in the truck? Billy's expression darkens.     He starts backing away. BILLY
58) 27) text: Billy, I need you to come to the police. If you tell them what you saw, they'll be able to help me. Billy laughs. BILLY
58) 28) text: Man, you're the dummy. Jeff looks at him, confused. BILLY
58) 29) text: Don't you git it? The police is the ones in on it! Billy turns and runs back into the diner.       ON Jeff's sickened reaction, we --
67) 0) text: There is a CREAK as the TRUNK opens. Jeff lies inside, dazed and disoriented, blinking into the sun. His eyes won't focus. Earl and Billy stand over the trunk in silhouette. He can hear their voices:
67) 2) dialog: Should be... I clocked him pretty good... A gun barrel jabs Jeff in the ribs.
67) 3) dialog: Rise and shine, dad. Jeff blinks. A face slowly comes INTO FOCUS. Is it really Billy? The halfwit from the diner? Only he isn't a halfwit anymore.
67) 4) dialog: C'mon, shake a leg. Jeff looks at Billy. Nothing makes sense anymore. But one thing is clear: Billy's mental retardation was all an act.
67) 7) dialog: Give us some answers and you might find out. According to her, you've got a pretty good pile of ready cash sitting in the bank. Is that true?
67) 9) dialog: Uh-huh... well, 'some' doesn't cut it. Your wife gave us a dollar figure. I want the same exact from you.
67) 14) text: I don't -- there's different accounts... the balance fluctuates... BILLY
67) 16) text: We been fucked with, is what I think. Little slut lied to us. Put 'em on the spot, they'll say anything to stay alive. Billy nods, disappointed. BILLY
67) 18) text: (blurting out) Ninety thousand. Earl stops, glances at Billy.   They both eye Jeff carefully. BILLY
67) 20) text: (emphatic) Ninety thousand dollars. A faint smile plays on Billy's lips.     He slams the tru
69) 0) text: There is a CREAK and the TRUNK opens. Jeff squints into the sun. Earl and Billy stand over the trunk.
69) 10) text: You sonofabitch -- He advances toward Red. Billy and Earl grab him from behind and tackle him to the ground. Billy drives a fist into his kidney. Jeff gasps in pain. Red nods impassively.
69) 22) text: How do I know she's still alive? Billy slugs him in the gut again.   Jeff doubles over.
69) 23) dialog: Shut up. RED
92) 2) text: She's with Billy.
120) 1) text: ... but it's four in the morning. Why can't Al and Billy come some other time? RED
126) 0) text: Al dismounts from the moving truck. Billy climbs out of the Firebird. They are travel-sore, stretching. Red shuts the door behind them.
126) 3) dialog: (shakes head)
127) 5) dialog: I told you we shoulda gotten rid of 'em like that couple up in Utah. Nice and clean.
129) 0) text: Red unlatches a hidden compartment under the chassis of the moving truck. He and Billy slide out a long metal box, similar to a drawer in a morgue. They lift the metal lid, revealing --
131) 0) text: Billy and Al reach into the compartment, start to lift out the sack. RED
133) 15) text: C'mon, let's go. They turn, walk toward the door. Red opens it. Arleen is standing there. Al and Billy greet her politely:
140) 0) text: Red is in the middle of telling a story.    Arleen, Billy and Al sit around the table.
141) 0) text: Jeff trains the pistol as his captives stand at the entrance to the barn. He glances around, keeping an eye out for Billy. JEFF
142) 0) text: Jeff leads the group through the barn at gun-point. He glances right and left, wired. The rifle is strapped to his back. He keeps the handgun ready. He peers under the tractor-trailer, looking for any sign of Billy. They reach the trap door. Jeff circles it, constantly keeping an eye on Red and Al. He hands the keys to Deke. JEFF
151) 24) dialog: grins as the SHOT WHISTLES past harmlessly. He reloads the SHOTGUN, snaps it shut and RETURNS FIRE -- BLAM!
151) 27) dialog: veers away, swearing, as hammers and chisels and power tools hit the asphalt and bounce up into his path. The front end of the extension ladder comes free from the lumber rack and hinges into his path, SMASHING the
151) 29) dialog: Sonofabitch! Billy swears and jerks the wheel, steering away. He glances up suddenly, sees Jeff aiming the pistol. The PISTOL FIRES! Billy slams backward against the headrest, hit in the face. There's blood everywhere. The car careens toward the shoulder.