2) 0) text: A frightened woman lurks nervously in the shelter of the wall. She is young, in her early twenties, with shining dark hair down to her shoulders. She's carrying an armload of books.
17) 0) text: A modest apartment in the Back Bay neighborhood. Not much furniture, but lots of books and CD's. On the walls, blow-ups of arty photographs -- Amy in modeling poses, plus many black-and-white scenery stills. Jeff's bag is unopened on the floor. We see two nearly full wine glasses on a table. The CAMERA TRACKS DOWN a hallway TO the open bedroom door.
29) 0) text: As Jeff continues pouring the oil, he doesn't notice the mud-streaked Dodge Ram pickup pulling up to the pumps behind him. The driver, EARL, climbs out. The other man remains in the cab with the smoked windows rolled up. Earl is a beefy man about Jeff's age. He wears a sweat- stained Western hat, cowboy boots and a T-shirt with the sleeves cut out to display his tattooed biceps. He saunters over to the Cherokee, stands there a beat, looking over Jeff's shoulder. Jeff senses something behind him, turns. His eyes widen as he sees Earl, recognizes the pickup as the one he nearly hit a few minutes before. Earl stares at him, unsmiling.
29) 1) dialog: (flatly)
29) 7) dialog: Air, C.D., leather -- I guess you sprung for the whole nine yards.
29) 9) dialog: Then again, out here, what you really need's a C.B. radio.
29) 11) dialog: 'Course, if you use a C.B., you gotta have a handle. Jeff says nothing.      This is not a friendly conversati
29) 12) dialog: How about Shit-for-Brains? (beat)
29) 14) text: Look, I'm sorry, I didn't see you. You pulled out in front of me. EARL
29) 15) text: The hell I did. I saw what happened. Looking past Earl, Jeff sees Amy come out of the mini- mart with a bag of groceries. He speaks carefully, anxious to avoid a confrontation. JEFF
29) 17) dialog: (snorting)
29) 22) dialog: Howdy, ma'am. Caught this fellow tryin' to steal your Cherokee. Amy takes in the situation. She nods politely. Earl continues into the mini-mart. She approaches Jeff, puzzled.
30) 1) text: Earl coming out of the mini-mart, staring after the disappearing Jeep.
64) 18) dialog: (calling out)
64) 21) dialog: I said get out, dammit!   Now! Jeff stares into the rifle, deliberating.   His hand move to the gearshift. He jerks it into reverse and floors the gas!
64) 25) dialog: jumps in the Ram and takes off in pursuit.
64) 37) dialog: jerks the Ram to a halt, leaps out and runs to the edge of the road to look down on the Cherokee in the river.
64) 38) dialog: Sonofabitch... He grabs the rifle and begins making his way down the slope.
64) 44) dialog: Fuck! He begins moving downstream along the bank, eyeing the river.
64) 47) dialog: Goddammit...
64) 53) dialog: He's getting away! The Driver shouts something inaudible. Earl runs along the bank, ducking under low-hanging branches.
64) 60) dialog: He's in the water!   I just saw him!
65) 4) text: ... can't believe you let him get away... EARL
67) 0) text: There is a CREAK as the TRUNK opens. Jeff lies inside, dazed and disoriented, blinking into the sun. His eyes won't focus. Earl and Billy stand over the trunk in silhouette. He can hear their voices:
67) 1) dialog: He coming around?
67) 15) text: Fluctuates, my ass. If a hotshot like you ain't tracking his bottom line, it'd be the first time in history. (turning) What do you think, Earl? EARL
67) 17) text: Yeah, I suppose. Too bad. (peers down at Jeff) Guess you're not the donut magnate after all. (to Earl) Waste of time. Plug him. Earl raises a pistol.   Jeff's eyes flash. JEFF
67) 18) text: (blurting out) Ninety thousand. Earl stops, glances at Billy.   They both eye Jeff carefully. BILLY
68) 0) text: It's nearly pitch black. A beam of sunlight shines through a rusted hole. It illuminates Jeff's eyes.
69) 0) text: There is a CREAK and the TRUNK opens. Jeff squints into the sun. Earl and Billy stand over the trunk.
69) 1) dialog: Get out.   Don't try anything stupid. Jeff gets out, grimacing.     His clothes are stained wit grease and tire grime. He     sets his feet unsteadily on the ground, looks around.     We see that he has been confined in the trunk of a    Pontiac Firebird. The Firebird and Dodge Ram are parked on a bluff. Red stands on the highest point, peering through binoculars at the desert below. He glances at Jeff.
69) 10) text: You sonofabitch -- He advances toward Red. Billy and Earl grab him from behind and tackle him to the ground. Billy drives a fist into his kidney. Jeff gasps in pain. Red nods impassively.
70) 0) text: Jeff stumbles and nearly falls as he descends   the loose rock at the foot of the mesa. He looks up at    the ridge but Red and his crew have pulled back out of   view. Jeff starts across an open field toward the town,   first jogging, then running.
77) 0) text: Jeff walks along the road, carrying the envelope. Various cars pass in either direction, but none slow down. Jeff stiffens as an 18-wheeler approaches. But the TRUCK THUNDERS past, blowing a cloud of dust and sand in his face. Jeff continues walking, anxiously checking over his shoulder every few moments. His eyes narrow. The Dodge Ram pickup is cruising toward him. It slows, then brakes to a halt. The passenger door opens. Earl sits behind the wheel, aiming an automatic pistol. EARL
77) 6) text: Wrong, asshole. First you give me the money, then you find out. Unless you want me to shoot you dead right here on the highway. Jeff looks around, wonders if Earl would risk shooting him in view of passing traffic. Jeff hesitates, then tosses the envelope on the      seat Earl opens it, reaches in and pulls out several      pack of currency. They are wrapped with paper bands       and appear to be stacks of fifties and hundreds. He       rep them and gestures at Jeff with the gun. EARL
77) 7) text: Now lift your shirt and jacket and turn around. Jeff complies. Earl sees that he isn't carrying a gun. He beckons Jeff toward the truck with the automatic. EARL
77) 8) text: Turn around, hands behind your back, and step toward the truck. Jeff takes two backwards steps toward the passenger side door. Earl grabs his arms, yanks roughly and wraps them with several layers of duct tape. EARL
77) 9) text: Now get up in the truck, knees on the floor. Do it now! Jeff struggles into an awkward kneeling position on the floor, facing the rear of the pickup, his belly pressed against the seat. Earl reaches over and pulls the door shut. He throws the truck in gear and starts driving. Jeff grimaces, looking up at him. JEFF
77) 14) dialog: 'Let her go.'    Do I look like I have her? JEFF
77) 15) text: What the hell -- Earl backhands Jeff against the passenger door. There is a RINGING sound and Earl pulls a CELL PHONE from his pocket. He presses a button and raises it to his face.
77) 16) dialog: (on phone)
77) 18) text: Gotcha. He ends the call and tosses the cell phone on the dash. EARL
77) 19) text: You gotta be the dumbest motherfuck yet. You think we picked you out of the blue? New car, Massachusetts plates -- probably be days before anyone misses you. Hell, you shoulda got the bumper sticker that goes with it: 'Rich Assholes Looking for Trouble!' He tucks the pistol in his belt.   Jeff looks at him, seething. Jeff tries to squirm free. Earl sees it and belts him across the temple. Jeff slams into the passenger door, wincing. EARL
77) 21) text: Help, help, I ain't got no power! Earl laughs. Jeff has come to rest with his back against the door. By contorting his arms, he is able to draw the letter opener from his pocket. He manipulates the letter opener into position and begins cutting the duct tape that binds his wrists.
77) 25) text: You know what I'm gonna do first with your money, boy? Well, do you? Jeff glares at him. EARL
77) 26) text: (fluttering bills under his nose) I'll give you a hint. Only one thing smells better than money. You wanta guess what? Earl laughs obscenely. He riffles the bills under his nose again, then stops abruptly, frowning. He looks down at the bills.
77) 27) dialog: What the hell? Earl stares at the bills. Jeff works feverishly behind his back. Earl pulls out another packet, then another, examining the bills. EARL
77) 28) text: These are... it's nothing but singles... (erupting) You lyin' sonofabitch! There is a RIPPING SOUND. Jeff wrests his hands free and lunges across the cab. He plants the letter opener in Earl's shoulder!
77) 29) dialog: Aaagghh!
79) 0) text: Jeff seizes the pistol from Earl's waistband.    Earl flails and knocks the pistol from his grasp.
81) 0) text: Jeff gropes on the floor. His hand closes around the pistol and he swings it at Earl -- crack! Earl's nose erupts! Jeff reaches across and jams his foot on the brake.
83) 0) text: Jeff swings the pistol into Earl's face -- crack! Earl tries to fend off the blows. Jeff creams him again -- crack!
85) 0) text: Jeff aims the pistol at point blank range.     Earl is a bloody wreck. His head lolls groggily. JEFF
85) 1) text: Where is she, goddammit?   What'd you do with her? Earl sneers. Jeff is about to slug him again when he notices the two truck parked across the road, the driver staring out.
87) 0) text: Jeff drives, one hand on the wheel, the other brandishing the pistol at Earl.
87) 2) dialog: (barely able to breathe)
87) 3) text: Fuck you! Jeff swings the pistol. There is a crack of exploding teeth! Earl's mouth erupts with frothy blood!
87) 10) dialog: I don't know! JEFF
87) 11) text: Fuck you, you don't! He slams the brakes again. Earl's eyes bulge sickeningly. He is being choked to death.
87) 12) dialog: Stop! JEFF
92) 1) text: End of the line, Earl! How about it? You gonna tell me? EARL
92) 4) dialog: I don't know!    Driving around! Jeff hits the brakes again.
96) 5) dialog: (losing it)
96) 8) dialog: Main highway... Texaco... Jeff has the information he needs.       He slams on the brakes!
99) 0) text: Earl struggles for breath. The duct tape is still tight around his neck. He strains against the tape binding his limbs. He glances in the side view mirror to see the Sheriff ordering Jeff down on the ground. By wriggling and contorting his wrists, Earl is able to tear one hand free. Then he pulls away the rest of the duct tape from his knees. The tape is still wrapped tightly around    his neck, pinning him to the backrest. Earl claws     at the tape, it won't come free. Finally, with both     hands, he reac behind his head and yanks the read rest    from the seat. He reaches into his boot for something...
100) 0) text: Jeff is spread-eagled on the ground. Sheriff Boyd calls out to Earl in the cab. He keeps his gun leveled. SHERIFF BOYD
100) 1) text: You there -- in the pickup! You all right? Can you get out? EARL
100) 6) text: Shut up. (to Earl) C'mon out, sir. It's safe -- Earl sets one foot on the road. The headrest dangles against his back, still taped to his neck. Suddenly Earl whirls, holding a .22 snub-nose REVOLVER and FIRES! The sheriff stumbles away, blood spurting from his shoulder, the gun flying from his hand. Jeff looks up in horror as the sheriff falls.
135) 10) text: I'm going to get you out of there, Amy. He swallows, emotional, clearly torn. JEFF
136) 0) text: Jeff opens the door. A weak dome light flickers on. He climbs up into the cab and tries turning on the CB radio, but no luck -- the keys are gone. He opens the glove compartment. There are maps, trip logs, truck stop receipts. He rifles through them quickly. Jeff frowns, gets on the floor of the cab and gropes under the driver's seat. His eyes register a discovery. He brings out a big black semi-automatic pistol. Jeff studies the base of the grip, clearly unfamiliar with guns. He fumbles with the clip, ejects it. The clip is full of bullets. He snaps the clip back in place.