5) 4) text: High-rise. Top floor.        Window in the middle. HOWARD
17) 0) text: A modest apartment in the Back Bay neighborhood. Not much furniture, but lots of books and CD's. On the walls, blow-ups of arty photographs -- Amy in modeling poses, plus many black-and-white scenery stills. Jeff's bag is unopened on the floor. We see two nearly full wine glasses on a table. The CAMERA TRACKS DOWN a hallway TO the open bedroom door.
22) 0) text: The AIR CONDITIONING WHISPERS. On the console are two empty Styrofoam McDonald's coffee cups and a state-of- the-art Nikon Camera. Jeff stretches in the driver's seat. He forces his eyes open, fighting sleep. He reaches for the coffee cup... it's empty. He glances into the back of the Jeep. There is a thermos of coffee on the back seat. Keeping one hand on the wheel, he reaches for the thermos and fumbles it to the floor. He strains to reach it. He doesn't notice...
23) 0) text: A slow-moving Dodge Ram pickup truck is approaching the highway along a small road that cuts across the desert floor. The pickup, equipped with oversized tires, roll bar, and a CB whip antenna, bounces over the uneven terrain and turns onto the highway, stopping just before entering Jeff's lane.
26) 3) text: (seeing thermos on floor)
32) 25) text: Hang on -- I can't steer! The CAR bucks and SCREECHES. After a few HICCUPS, it jerks to a halt, just beyond a crest in the road. For a moment, they sit there dazed, staring ahead at the empty road. Then Amy notices an object on the floor -- the Nikon. She picks it up. AMY
39) 16) dialog: Looks like she got away from ya, cowboy. A few of the regulars chuckle at this.     Jeff ignores them, turns back to the Bartender.
52) 0) text: Jeff searches the cab for signs of Amy. He tosses aside a jacket, rifles papers on the floor. There is nothing.
57) 24) text: Let me see the fucking slips. In one swift motion, Jeff overpowers the man and extracts the receipts. He starts going through them, fast, looking at names. TULLY, MARK, FLO, ANDY and... Jeff raises his eyes to face the unpleasant end of a Smith &amp; Wesson revolver. BARTENDER
77) 9) text: Now get up in the truck, knees on the floor. Do it now! Jeff struggles into an awkward kneeling position on the floor, facing the rear of the pickup, his belly pressed against the seat. Earl reaches over and pulls the door shut. He throws the truck in gear and starts driving. Jeff grimaces, looking up at him. JEFF
81) 0) text: Jeff gropes on the floor. His hand closes around the pistol and he swings it at Earl -- crack! Earl's nose erupts! Jeff reaches across and jams his foot on the brake.
131) 3) text: Aagh! Al falls backward, drops the sack on the floor. It tears open revealing Amy -- gagged with duct tape, her wrists and ankles taped. She squirms and kicks wildly, her screams muffled.
133) 9) text: Just a second, Arleen. Red walks to a corner, moves aside a section of false flooring. He pulls up a hidden trap door, revealing a root cellar.
136) 0) text: Jeff opens the door. A weak dome light flickers on. He climbs up into the cab and tries turning on the CB radio, but no luck -- the keys are gone. He opens the glove compartment. There are maps, trip logs, truck stop receipts. He rifles through them quickly. Jeff frowns, gets on the floor of the cab and gropes under the driver's seat. His eyes register a discovery. He brings out a big black semi-automatic pistol. Jeff studies the base of the grip, clearly unfamiliar with guns. He fumbles with the clip, ejects it. The clip is full of bullets. He snaps the clip back in place.