1) 0) text: On the backslope of a mound of rubble, a three-man TV crew (field producer, reporter, and cameraman, all wearing flak jackets) waits while the cameraman, JEFFREY TAYLOR, works to repair his malfunctioning minicam. Throughout this sequence, ROD, the reporter, types on a laptop computer, oblivious to what is happening around him. HOWARD, the field producer, lies on his stomach, peering cautiously over the crest of the rubble through binoculars. Beyond him we see an empty street. It is lined with buildings blasted by shells: a sawtooth wall in the f.g., a ruined high-rise at the end of the street, billboards in an unrecognizable foreign language.
1) 2) dialog: Done. Jeff slips the knife back in his pocket, scrambles over the loose bricks and stones to a position next to Howard.
3) 0) text: Jeff focuses the minicam.
5) 1) dialog: (matter-of-fact)
5) 6) text: Stay on him. Stay on him.        Now go back to the woman. Now! Jeff swings the minicam and --
7) 1) text: Stay tight on the sniper. Jesus -- look at him! He's about fourteen! Don't lose this! Jeff kneels on the ridge, minicam on his shoulder.
8) 0) text: Jeff's minicam ZOOMS IN ON the sniper. The sniper sees the woman peeking and gets his rifle in firing position.
8) 1) dialog: He sees her.
9) 1) text: Stay on her. If she runs, widen and try to get her and sniper in the same frame. Jeff turns his head away from the camera and stares at Howard. JEFF
12) 0) text: Jeff watches through his viewfinder: JEFF
14) 0) text: Jeff jumps to his feet, waves the minicam, shouting:
14) 1) dialog: Sniper!   Sniper! Sni--
14) 5) dialog: just stands there, a shattered expression. The camera hangs at his side. He stares at the dead woman as a pool of dark blood expands around her body.
16) 0) text: A late-model Jeep Cherokee is parked at the arrival curb. AMY TAYLOR, Jeff's wife, peers out from behind the wheel, scanning the crowd.
16) 1) text: Jeff, carrying a single bag slung over his shoulder, emerges from the terminal.
16) 5) dialog: Me too. AMY
16) 6) text: Let's get out of here. Where's your equipment? Don't tell me you checked it? JEFF
17) 0) text: A modest apartment in the Back Bay neighborhood. Not much furniture, but lots of books and CD's. On the walls, blow-ups of arty photographs -- Amy in modeling poses, plus many black-and-white scenery stills. Jeff's bag is unopened on the floor. We see two nearly full wine glasses on a table. The CAMERA TRACKS DOWN a hallway TO the open bedroom door.
18) 5) dialog: Sure.
19) 0) text: A walk-in closet has been converted into a small photographic darkroom. Moist 8 X 10 prints hang from a clothesline, bathed in a warm red glow. The images are moody black and white landscapes. Jeff stands over the developer, timing a print. Amy enters through a thick black curtain behind him. He doesn't look up.
19) 4) dialog: There's nothing to talk about.
19) 9) dialog: I told you. I quit.   Walked out. end of story.
19) 12) text: What do you think? You could have stopped that girl from getting killed? JEFF
19) 13) text: You don't understand... He stops, lifts his eyes. JEFF
20) 0) text: Jeff pours himself a glass of milk. Amy enters, stands on the other side of the counter. Jeff doesn't meet her eyes. After a beat: JEFF
20) 2) text: Oh, Jeff, you didn't...
20) 6) dialog: Think of it. Low pressure, a steady paycheck. So I shoot city council meetings -- how bad could it be? She looks at him, concerned.
20) 9) text: You know I'll never stand in your way. But you've worked so hard. Are you sure you want to throw it away? JEFF
20) 12) dialog: No, Amy.   It's my excuse. She looks at him, not understanding.       He hesitates. JEFF
20) 14) dialog: Please, babe, I need this.     Say yes and we'll take as long    as you want -- drive cross-country    and make a vacation out of it.     What do you say?
21) 0) text: The middle of nowhere. Sand, weeds and sagebrush. A two-lane highway stretches to the horizon like a ribbon of asphalt. The Cherokee cruises along the road. Its Massachusetts plates seem out of place in this stark landscape. There are no other vehicles. MOVING CLOSER, we see that Jeff is driving.    Amy is sou asleep in the reclined passenger seat. In back, luggage, moving boxes, camera cases.
22) 0) text: The AIR CONDITIONING WHISPERS. On the console are two empty Styrofoam McDonald's coffee cups and a state-of- the-art Nikon Camera. Jeff stretches in the driver's seat. He forces his eyes open, fighting sleep. He reaches for the coffee cup... it's empty. He glances into the back of the Jeep. There is a thermos of coffee on the back seat. Keeping one hand on the wheel, he reaches for the thermos and fumbles it to the floor. He strains to reach it. He doesn't notice...
23) 0) text: A slow-moving Dodge Ram pickup truck is approaching the highway along a small road that cuts across the desert floor. The pickup, equipped with oversized tires, roll bar, and a CB whip antenna, bounces over the uneven terrain and turns onto the highway, stopping just before entering Jeff's lane.
24) 0) text: Jeff glances up just in time to see the Ram lurch into the road in front of him. Jeff drops the thermos and spins the wheel! Amy's eyes fly open --
26) 0) text: Jeff expels a breath. Amy turns to see the pickup stopped in the road. She looks at him, concerned.
26) 2) dialog: Sorry.     I took my eyes off the road. AMY
26) 4) text: Maybe it's time we took a break, you know? Jeff nods, looks in the rearview mirror.
27) 0) text: A small desert gas station/mini-mart just off the highway. A sign over the building: "Last Gas For 30 Miles." The Cherokee is parked at the pumps, hood raised. Jeff comes out of the mini-mart, carrying a   plastic qua of oil. He unscrews the cap and starts to    fill the crankcase, careful not to spill on the new   engine. In the b.g., Amy is visible inside the store,   browsing a magazine rack.
29) 0) text: As Jeff continues pouring the oil, he doesn't notice the mud-streaked Dodge Ram pickup pulling up to the pumps behind him. The driver, EARL, climbs out. The other man remains in the cab with the smoked windows rolled up. Earl is a beefy man about Jeff's age. He wears a sweat- stained Western hat, cowboy boots and a T-shirt with the sleeves cut out to display his tattooed biceps. He saunters over to the Cherokee, stands there a beat, looking over Jeff's shoulder. Jeff senses something behind him, turns. His eyes widen as he sees Earl, recognizes the pickup as the one he nearly hit a few minutes before. Earl stares at him, unsmiling.
29) 2) text: Nice car. Jeff is in an awkward position. He's got a half-full upside-down bottle of oil in his hands. If he lifts it now, he'll spill on the engine. He turns his gaze back to the engine, decides to keep pouring.
29) 3) dialog: Thanks. Earl steps around to the open passenger window, peers in. Jeff watches him, wary.
29) 8) dialog: I guess.
29) 10) dialog: Is that right? The oil bottle empties    out. Relieved, Jeff pulls it aw and screws back on the    crankcase cap. He shuts the hoo with a thunk and moves    around to the side of the car t remove the gas nozzle    from the tank. Earl blocks his path.
29) 13) text: You damn near killed us back there, boy. JEFF
29) 15) text: The hell I did. I saw what happened. Looking past Earl, Jeff sees Amy come out of the mini- mart with a bag of groceries. He speaks carefully, anxious to avoid a confrontation. JEFF
29) 24) dialog: Nothing. Guy in the truck. Thinks I tried to hit him. Jeff glances apprehensively at the man in the pickup, who has not moved during the scene. He looks back at the mini-mart.
29) 25) dialog: C'mon, let's go.
29) 27) dialog: Later.   Just get in.
29) 29) dialog: No, let's just go. Jeff climbs in behind the wheel. Amy glances at him and gets in the car. Jeff keys the IGNITION and pulls away.
30) 0) text: As Jeff steers back onto the highway, he glances in the rear-view mirror, sees --
30) 7) dialog: I told you. Nothing. (pause) The guy was an asshole. Keeping an eye on the rear-view mirror, Jeff nods toward the grocery bag, trying to change the subject. JEFF
30) 9) text: Junk food fiesta. Sno Balls, Yoo Hoo, Moon pies... can you believe they still make this stuff? JEFF
32) 0) text: Jeff drives in silence. Amy stares out the window, bored. Looking for a distraction, she picks up a cellophane package of doughnuts and peruses the label.
32) 7) dialog: I dunno... Sell 'em for thirty cents each and pay off this car.
32) 9) text: Alright, what about ninety thousand dollars? What would you do with that? Jeff stares out the window.       He's not into this.
32) 10) dialog: I don't know.    Look, Amy, I'm not -- Suddenly his eyes drop to the console between them -- JEFF
32) 13) text: Who? JEFF
32) 21) text: Look, maybe if we call the cops -- Jeff is about to reply when suddenly the car bucks.
32) 22) dialog: What the hell? The car gives another jolt. AMY
32) 24) dialog: Nothing.   I -- A warning light flashes on the instrument panel. The brakes and steering lose power. The engine quits cold. JEFF
33) 0) text: Steam pours from under the    hood of the Cherokee. Amy gets out and looks around    at the scorched wasteland. Jeff goes to the front of    the car, gropes under the ho for the release latch. He     yanks his hand away, burned the hot metal.
33) 1) dialog: Ow!
33) 6) dialog: I'm fine. Amy moves to Jeff to examine the burn.     She reaches ou JEFF
33) 7) text: (annoyed) I said I'm fine, okay? Jeff lifts the hood, examines the engine. He tugs on a cable, checks the battery connection and radiator. He goes to the passenger's side and takes a hand-held cellular phone from the glove box. He dials zero and hits "send." The PHONE BEEPS.
33) 9) text: What's going on, Jeff? JEFF
33) 12) dialog: What? AMY
33) 13) text: What's going on with you? Jeff busies himself with the engine, not answering.
33) 15) text: Jeff, I'm talking to you.
33) 19) dialog: (flaring)
33) 21) dialog: Christ, not these guys...
33) 24) dialog: Asshole...
33) 26) text: Jeff -- A quarter-mile away, the pickup is slowing. It pulls a U-turn and stops, facing the Cherokee. It just sits there, ENGINE IDLING.
33) 27) dialog: What the hell? AMY
33) 29) dialog: I don't know. Jeff watches the pickup, frowning. Then, from the opposite direction, they hear a LOW RUMBLE. They turn and stare at --
33) 35) dialog: Yeah.   Our car broke down. RED
33) 36) text: (chuckling) I figured that much. You want a hand pushing it off the road? JEFF
33) 37) text: Thanks, I'd appreciate it.    Amy, you want to steer? Amy gets behind the wheel and puts the shift in neutral. Jeff and Red push the car to the shoulder. As they push, Jeff glances at the CB antenna on Red's cab. JEFF
33) 43) dialog: How far is that?
33) 45) dialog: (disappointed)
33) 47) text: I'd offer to take a look, but it's hard to say with these new engines. Used to be, you could give 'em a kick and a holler and they'd start right up. Now it's all computers and chips. JEFF
33) 49) text: That could be the problem. You been running it pretty fast? Amy gives Jeff a reprimanding look.     It's subtle, but notices. RED
33) 50) text: Tell you what. If you want a ride, there's a little diner up the road. Belle's. They got a pay phone. You could call a tow truck from there. Jeff considers this, glances back to where the Dodge Ram was last seen.
33) 51) dialog: Nice     of you to offer. But we've got a     lot of stuff in the car. I think     we're better off waiting for a cop     to come along. Amy rolls her eyes. Red sees the look, trying not to smile. He glances up at a small plane flying overhead.
33) 57) text: Good    luck. He turns and heads back toward his truck. Amy looks at Jeff. She waits till the trucker is out of earshot.
33) 59) dialog: We don't know this guy. AMY
33) 60) text: He's offering to help. It       could be hours before anyone else      comes along. It's 100 degrees.        You really want to be stuck out      here? JEFF
33) 71) text: That's okay. My husband wants to stay with the car. I'll just get my purse. She goes to the passenger side of the Jeep for her purse. Jeff follows, lowering his voice. JEFF
33) 73) text: I'm going to the diner. I'm going to call a tow truck. Then I'm going to order an iced tea and wait. Good-bye, Jeff. JEFF
33) 75) text: You wanted to be alone. Well... you're alone. Why don't you take the time to get your head together? She walks to the truck. Jeff stands there. She climbs into the cab. Red moves some papers out of the way. RED
33) 76) text: Watch your step, ma'am. She pulls the door shut. The TRUCK THROTTLES UP and pulls away. Jeff watches the truck dwindle in the distance, flashers blinking. After a beat, the flashers cease.
34) 0) text: Beneath a blazing sun, Jeff paces restlessly in front of the Cherokee, checking his watch, wiping beads of sweat from his face. He looks down the highway.
34) 6) dialog: Oh for Christ's sake... He pulls his Swiss Army knife  from his pocket and slides under the car. Working with   the screwdriver blade of th knife, he reconnects the plug  to its socket. In the process, his hands and shirt  become stained with grease. Jeff slides out from under the car, brushes himself off and gets behind the wheel. He tosses the Swiss Army knife on the center console and keys the ignition. The ENGINE ROARS to life.
36) 0) text: Jeff drives, a determined expression.
38) 0) text: A weather-beaten structure with a gravel parking lot. peeling sign on the roof: "Belle's: Beer &amp; Food." There is a phone booth outside. The Cherokee pulls in and parks.      Jeff CHIRPS the ALA heads for the entrance.
39) 0) text: Dark and dingy. Formica tables, a bar. Chunky customers in K-Mart clothes sit at the bar, nursing beers and watching a football game on a big MUTED TV. Jeff enters and all conversation stops. The other patrons turn and stare. After a moment, they return to their beers. Jeff glances around.   No sign of Amy.   No sign of Red. A bored-looking BARTENDER stands behind the counter, preparing a sandwich. Behind him, a blackboard menu. Jeff approaches.
39) 1) dialog: Excuse me. The Bartender looks up, a cutting knife in his hand. JEFF
39) 2) text: I was supposed to meet my wife here. The Bartender shrugs, gives him a look:    Yeah, so? JEFF
39) 4) text: A pale blue what? JEFF
39) 6) text: Hank!  Your order's ready. (to Jeff) I been busy. They come and go. JEFF
39) 12) dialog: Guy with a baseball cap.   Driving an eighteen wheeler. The Bartender thinks a moment, shakes his head.
39) 14) dialog: You sure? The Bartender leans over the counter, calls out:
39) 17) dialog: Could she have left a message with another one of your employees? BARTENDER
39) 18) text: Don't see how. I'm the only one who works here. Jeff scratches his head.    This doesn't make any sense. JEFF
39) 20) text: (chuckles) No siree. Definitely not. Jeff clenches his jaw, takes another look around.      An elderly couple sit at a rear table, watching him.      Th whisper to each other.
39) 24) dialog: (under his breath)
40) 0) text: Jeff squints in the bright sunlight. Maybe he got this place confused with a different diner. He peers up at the sign. It says "Belle's," all right. He walks to the phone booth, looks inside.   The phone book is missing. He picks up the receiver, listens for the dial tone... Phone works okay. He hangs up. He stands there for a moment, scanning the horizon in all directions. There is nothing else out here, nowhere else she could have gone. Jeff marches back into the diner...
41) 0) text: Jeff goes to the Bartender. JEFF
41) 2) text: About twenty miles. JEFF
41) 5) text: Okay. Jeff regards the Bartender skeptically.    He takes one last look around, then heads out.
42) 0) text: Jeff marches briskly to his car and opens the door, forgetting to deactivate the alarm. The SIREN WAILS. Jeff fumbles for the remote and shuts if OFF.
43) 0) text: The stereo is off, the windows rolled up.   Jeff drives, his jaw set tightly. The speedometer reads 88 mph.
48) 0) text: Jeff HONKS his HORN, flashes his lights.
48) 1) dialog: C'mon, you fat-ass.    Pull over. Either the driver doesn't notice, or he's ignoring Jeff, but the truck does not slow down. Jeff shifts into the oncoming lane and pulls alongside the cab. He HONKS again and waves, gesturing for the truck to pull over. But the Peterbilt maintains its speed. Jeff cranes his neck to get a glimpse of the driver...
48) 2) text: It's Red, alright. But he's wearing a different cap. FROM this ANGLE, we can't see into the passenger side of the cab. Red peers down at Jeff, puzzled.      Jeff shouts at him, waves:
48) 3) dialog: Pull over!    Pull over! Red suddenly notices something ahead in the road, BLARES his HORN. Jeff looks up, sees -- An RV camper approaching in the oncoming lane!
48) 11) dialog: I was signaling you to stop. Didn't you see me?
48) 15) dialog: My wife.     Where is she? Red gives him a puzzled look. RED
48) 17) dialog: I checked at the diner.      No one saw her there.
48) 24) dialog: How can you not remember? It was just half an hour ago, for chrissakes! Red gives him a peculiar look.
48) 28) dialog: (reacts)
48) 30) text: What the hell are you doing -- ? Jeff freaks out, circling the truck, calling loudly:
48) 31) dialog: Amy?    Amy?!   You in there? Red shrinks back, unnerved.
48) 33) dialog: I want my fucking wife, is what I want! What have you done to her?! Red's eyes dart to something in the distance.        Jeff catches this, turns...
48) 38) dialog: Officer, I need your help!
48) 41) text: Calm down, sir. Tell me what's going on. Jeff catches his breath. JEFF
48) 43) text: Officer, he's crazy -- I don't know what he's talking about. JEFF
48) 45) text: All right -- everybody just calm down. (to Jeff) Sir, you want to tell me what happened? JEFF
48) 55) dialog: He's lying! The Sheriff takes a long look at both of them, unsure what to think. He turns back to Red. SHERIFF BOYD
48) 59) text: That won't be necessary yet. Just stand back behind the line. Both of you. As Red closes his wallet, several credit cards fall to the ground. He bends to scoop them up. Jeff eyes this suspiciously. The Sheriff climbs up into the truck.
50) 0) text: Jeff and Red keep a careful eye on each other as the Sheriff climbs down from the cab, wiping his hands. SHERIFF BOYD
50) 1) text: (to both of them) All right, let's see your license and registration. Jeff and Red fish into their wallets and hand over I.D.'s. The Sheriff examines them, comparing faces to pictures and writing down names. SHERIFF BOYD
50) 5) text: Tell me about it. Too much competition nowadays. One horse guys like me gotta drive halfway 'cross the country just to get a payin' job. JEFF
51) 0) text: Jeff and the Sheriff observe as Red unlatches two heavy padlocks. Grunting, he raises the slatted METAL DOOR. It retracts along the ceiling with a noisy RATTLE.
51) 4) text: No. I think we're pretty much done here. You're free to go. JEFF
51) 7) text: Look, I don't mean to butt in, but maybe you got my truck confused with someone else's. JEFF
51) 8) text: (lunges) Go to hell, you sonofabitch -- The Sheriff grabs Jeff, holds him back.
52) 0) text: Jeff searches the cab for signs of Amy. He tosses aside a jacket, rifles papers on the floor. There is nothing.
53) 0) text: Sheriff Boyd looks up sternly as Jeff continues searching the cab. Red watches calmly. SHERIFF BOYD
53) 1) text: Mr. Taylor, either you come down from there or I'm going to have to arrest you. Jeff gives up reluctantly. He looks lame and desperate and he knows it. He steps down from the cab, gritting his teeth.
53) 2) dialog: It was him.    It was this truck. SHERIFF BOYD
53) 3) text: Uh-huh, I can see that. Did you get a license plate? Jeff stares at him, knows where this is going.
53) 4) dialog: No. SHERIFF BOYD
53) 9) dialog: I wasn't paying attention. The Sheriff studies him a beat, nods.
53) 11) dialog: What does that have to do with anything?
53) 13) dialog: I don't believe this... SHERIFF BOYD
53) 14) text: I've seen it a hundred times. Lovers, married couples, gay guys. You put two people in a car long enough, they'll go at it. Hell, I've even seen men dump their women on the side of the road, and vice versa. Jeff stares at the cop.    Emphatic: JEFF
53) 17) text: I understand. Go ahead, sir.         I appreciate your cooperation. JEFF
53) 23) text: Much obliged. (to Jeff) Good luck findin' your wife, mister. No hard feelings. Red climbs into the cab. Jeff watches helplessly, resigned to the fact there's nothing more he can do. Sheriff goes to the cruiser and speaks on the radio. the truck drives off, Jeff goes over to the cruiser. SHERIFF BOYD
53) 24) text: Sir, I believe you that your wife is missing. Maybe you got confused about what truck she got into, maybe you had a fight -- you don't have to tell me. The point is I'm trying to help. He hands Jeff a card with an address printed on it. SHERIFF BOYD
53) 25) text: The town of Brackett's 31 miles that way. My deputy's name is Len Carver. He's a good man. He'll help you fill out the necessary forms if you want to report your wife missing. Jeff clenches his jaw as the words sink in.    The Sherif softens, his tone sympathetic. SHERIFF BOYD
53) 26) text: If you want my opinion, your wife is probably around here. Lost or plenty pissed off and giving you a scare. Either way, she'll turn up. As Jeff stares at the Sheriff, the police RADIO SQUAWKS. DISPATCHER (V.O.)
53) 33) dialog: I want your name and badge number. The Sheriff looks up at Jeff, sighs.
53) 36) text: (exhaling) Suit yourself, Mr. Taylor. The Sheriff shifts into gear and drives away. Jeff is left standing on the side of the road, desert in all directions.
54) 0) text: A wall is covered with missing persons' notices. Photographs of men, women and children stare back at us. Names and dates are printed across the bottom of the notices. PULL BACK to reveal Jeff staring at the gallery of faces. It's a creepy feeling. Several yards away, DEPUTY LEN CARVER, a young puffy-faced lawman, sits at a desk filling out a form. Jeff looks shaken. DEPUTY CARVER
54) 1) text: Is this a recent picture? Jeff glances over. Deputy Carver is holding up a wallet- sized photograph of Amy. JEFF
54) 4) dialog: Yes.
54) 8) text: We'll certainly do our best, Mr. Taylor. There's over a hundred thousand people go missing in this country every year. Runaways, deadbeat dads, dropouts, folks hiding from the I.R.S. -- all vanishing without a trace. Jeff stares at the faces. DEPUTY CARVER
54) 9) text: Now I'm not saying she's one of them. I sure hope not. But unless there's a ransom demand or evidence of forced abduction, believe me, the F.B.I. won't even look at your case till it's been 24 hours. Deputy Carver finishes the paperwork and staples the photograph to the form. He looks up at Jeff. DEPUTY CARVER
54) 10) text: Nevertheless, we'll sure keep our eyes peeled. How's that sound? Jeff clenches his jaw.
55) 0) text: From this high vantage point, we see Jeff's car approaching.
56) 0) text: The Cherokee pulls up to the side of the building.   Jeff gets out and walks inside.
57) 0) text: Jeff enters, looks around. It's the same scene as before: same Bartender, a slightly different cast of characters. No sign of Amy.
57) 4) dialog: Did she come in?
57) 6) text: Didn't see her. JEFF
57) 8) text: Buddy, I told you the last time. I'm busy. Maybe she came in, maybe she didn't. All I know is, I didn't see her. Jeff looks around, not particularly trusting the Bartender's skills of observation. He grinds his jaw. The other customers at the bar have been watching all this. One of them, an older grizzled BARFLY, looks up at Jeff. BARFLY
57) 9) text: (confidentially) None of my business, mister. But if I was you I'd take a look in the ladies room. The Barfly gives Jeff a wink and turns back to his beer. Snickers from some of his bar mates, who avert their eyes when Jeff glances at them. Jeff knows this is almost certainly a put-on, but he can't take a chance. While the Barflies watch, poker-faced, Jeff walks to the door of the ladies room, hesitates, then knocks. His knock is answered by a wordless sound, HALF-GROAN, HALF- GASP.
57) 10) dialog: Amy? Silence. Jeff tries the door. It's locked. He rattles it. Another GROAN. Jeff puts his shoulder against the door, heaves inward. The door swings open, revealing --
57) 13) text: Hey -- what the hell you doing?! Jeff backs away, yanks the door shut.   The barflies chuckle among themselves. Jeff strides angrily for the exit. He stops at the door, takes one last look around. No one seems to be paying him much attention. He turns to leave... ... but something stops him. He can't put his finger on it. There's something wrong here... He stares at the other customers. Why do they avoid eye contact? Are they hiding something? He scrutinizes more closely... There is the gruff trucker, sitting at a nearby table shoveling food in his mouth. He's been averting his gaze ever since Jeff walked in. And then there's the traveling salesman. Overweight, sweaty. Popping vitamins along with his coffee. Or what about the shirtless biker, reading a comic book at the bar? Probably an ex-con. While Jeff is running these suspicions through his mind, a trucker approaches the counter to place an order. The Bartender jots it down on a pad, then tears off the carbon slip. He places one copy above the grill and another in a pile by the cash register. Jeff stares, an idea forming... He approaches the bar. JEFF
57) 21) dialog: If my wife came in here, then her name's in that pile. The Bartender stiffens, stares him straight in the eye: BARTENDER
57) 22) text: You calling me a liar? A tense beat. Possessed by a sudden impulse, Jeff makes a grab for the receipts. Before he can reach them, the Bartender's hand clamps onto his. BARTENDER
57) 23) text: Mister, I've had just about enough of you. JEFF
57) 24) text: Let me see the fucking slips. In one swift motion, Jeff overpowers the man and extracts the receipts. He starts going through them, fast, looking at names. TULLY, MARK, FLO, ANDY and... Jeff raises his eyes to face the unpleasant end of a Smith &amp; Wesson revolver. BARTENDER
57) 25) text: Now, mister, you're going to have to leave. Jeff takes a step back. Everyone in the diner is staring. He stumbles backwards, heads for the exit.
58) 0) text: Jeff exits, breathing hard, and runs to the phone booth.
58) 6) text: (drawls) My name's Billy. You the feller lookin' for his wife? JEFF
58) 7) text: How'd you know? Did you see her? The Sluggish Man hesitates. There's something holding him back. Jeff senses this. JEFF
58) 10) dialog: What?    When? Billy is about to answer. In b.g., the Bartender sticks his head out of the diner. Billy backs away, spooked. BILLY
58) 11) text: Oh man. Never shoulda opened my damn mouth. Now I'm gonna git it. Billy breaks into a loping run through the parking lot. Jeff hurries after him and catches up, cornering Billy between two cars, trying to calm him. JEFF
58) 14) dialog: Yes... BILLY
58) 19) dialog: Another truck? With who? BILLY
58) 20) text: Dunno. Some men. Bad men. They say I'm a dummy, but I ain't. I see things. Jeff reels, struggles to stay focused. JEFF
58) 26) text: I ain't talking to you no more. JEFF
58) 28) text: Man, you're the dummy. Jeff looks at him, confused. BILLY
58) 29) text: Don't you git it? The police is the ones in on it! Billy turns and runs back into the diner.       ON Jeff's sickened reaction, we --
59) 0) text: Jeff drives flat-out, his face grim.    The speedometer reads 100 mph. Keeping his eye on the road, he thumbs through the pages of a pocket address book. He picks up the handheld cellular phone and dials. JEFF
59) 1) text: C'mon... work, goddammit... The "NO SERVICE" INDICATOR BEEPS. JEFF
61) 0) text: The road ascends into the rocky hills above the desert plain. The route is narrow and windy, forcing Jeff to reduce his speed.
62) 0) text: Jeff drives, desperately searching for any sign of a truck. There are no other vehicles on the road. He keeps pressing the "REDIAL" button.    The "NO SERVICE INDICATOR BEEPS over and over.
63) 0) text: The road curves through a tunnel, then climbs higher, past sharp cliffs and drop-offs. Jeff follows the signs for "Route 7."
64) 0) text: Something catches Jeff's eye on the cell phone. For the first time, the "SERVICE" indicator blinks green. Jeff immediately grabs the phone again and presses "REDIAL."
64) 4) dialog: (thank God)
64) 5) text: Yes. He waits for an answer. JEFF
64) 6) text: Hello, Steve? It's Jeff Taylor... Listen, I -- don't put me on hold! I need a favor... I've gotta talk to that friend of yours at the F.B.I... No, it's about Amy, she's missing -- There is a burst of STATIC.       The reception is very p JEFF
64) 8) dialog: Fuck! Jeff holds the phone tight to his ear. JEFF
64) 9) text: Yes, I'm still here.       No -- don't call back -- Steve?!       Steve?! The SIGNAL CUTS OFF.    Jeff slams the phone against the dash, furious.
64) 10) dialog: Goddammit! He punches redial, gets the "NO SERVICE" BEEPING, then glances up, sees a --
64) 16) dialog: Shit! He grinds his teeth. Beyond the padlocked gate, the highway continues as an unpaved dirt road. He deliberates, then throws the Cherokee in reverse and does a three-point turn so he's facing back in the opposite direction. He looks up, sees --
64) 20) dialog: swears, panicking.
64) 23) dialog: cranks the wheel and brakes hard. The rear end of the Cherokee swings wide to the edge of the road. He throws the shift into drive and punches the throttle.
64) 26) dialog: GUNS the ENGINE. The Cherokee bounces wildly on the rutted, storm-damaged road. He yanks the four-wheel- drive lever.
64) 28) dialog: GUNS the ENGINE on the washboard road surface, the vibration nearly shaking the suspension apart while --
64) 30) dialog: throws the Cherokee into a sharp turn in the road. As the car rounds the bend, he looks up, reacting, as --
64) 32) dialog: brakes wildly. To his right, a cliff goes straight up; on the left, a guardrail protects a steep ravine. He cuts the wheel left, CRASHES through the GUARDRAIL and plunges into the ravine!
64) 35) dialog: clings to the wheel, tossed about violently, as suitcases and packing boxes go everywhere. The Cherokee hits a bump on the steep slope and CRASHES through the upper branches of a willow grove. As the leaves part, we see... a river.
64) 42) dialog: ducks back inside the Cherokee, freaking. The passenger side is on the river-bottom and if he tries to get out through the driver's side, he's a sitting duck! Jeff swears and looks around, seeing a metal camera case underwater in the back seat. He grabs the case and swings it at the windshield.   The first three blows bounce off harmlessly. Then the WINDSHIELD SHATTERS with a CRASH! He takes a deep breath, submerges and swims underwater through the broken windshield.
64) 45) text: Jeff breaststrokes for all he's worth. Sand swirls in the swift current. He pushes away from a boulder in his path. He swims until his lungs are bursting, then surfaces for air.
64) 48) text: Jeff struggles to stay in control. The current is turning swifter. His shoulder glances painfully off a boulder.
65) 0) text: Jeff has climbed to higher ground. He lies flat on his belly and peers THROUGH a gap in the rocks at the river valley below.
65) 6) text: Fuck... this is what happens when you get one without the other... Jeff can't believe it. The Cherokee is being pulled backwards up the slope toward the road. He belly-crawls back from the outcropping, gets to his feet and climbs higher.
66) 0) text: Jeff has moved to higher ground. He crouches behind a stand of manzanita and looks down at the activity below.
67) 0) text: There is a CREAK as the TRUNK opens. Jeff lies inside, dazed and disoriented, blinking into the sun. His eyes won't focus. Earl and Billy stand over the trunk in silhouette. He can hear their voices:
67) 5) dialog: (weak)
67) 8) dialog: There's some... yeah...
67) 17) text: Yeah, I suppose. Too bad. (peers down at Jeff) Guess you're not the donut magnate after all. (to Earl) Waste of time. Plug him. Earl raises a pistol.   Jeff's eyes flash. JEFF
67) 18) text: (blurting out) Ninety thousand. Earl stops, glances at Billy.   They both eye Jeff carefully. BILLY
67) 19) text: Say again. JEFF
68) 0) text: It's nearly pitch black. A beam of sunlight shines through a rusted hole. It illuminates Jeff's eyes.
69) 0) text: There is a CREAK and the TRUNK opens. Jeff squints into the sun. Earl and Billy stand over the trunk.
69) 3) dialog: (barely able to control himself)
69) 10) text: You sonofabitch -- He advances toward Red. Billy and Earl grab him from behind and tackle him to the ground. Billy drives a fist into his kidney. Jeff gasps in pain. Red nods impassively.
69) 13) text: See that building? Jeff follows his gaze.
69) 21) text: Today's payday at the copper mine, so don't take any horsecock about how they haven't got it. If the manager gives you a hard time, that's your problem. It's your wife who's counting on you. JEFF
69) 22) text: How do I know she's still alive? Billy slugs him in the gut again.   Jeff doubles over.
69) 24) text: She's tucked away someplace safe. You get her back as soon as we get the money. Simple as that. Jeff compresses his lips. RED
69) 25) text: Now a smart guy like you, you're already thinking about calling the cops, right? Jeff says nothing. Red raises a hand-held CB to his mouth. He keys the transmitter. RED
69) 27) text: (filtered) Copy that, Iron Man. Red turns back to Jeff.
69) 32) text: Problem is, you can see this town for miles around. So ask yourself: How's the law gonna get here? They gonna fly in? Drive in? Either way, we'll see 'em. So let me be very clear: if we see one unmarked car, one plane, one human being who even smells like a cop -- this deal is dead. He tosses Jeff the binoculars. RED
69) 33) text: Now take a look at the building with the flagpole. Jeff hesitates, then raises the binoculars.
69) 38) dialog: lowers the binoculars and looks at Red.
69) 40) text: See, that's why there's no risk to us in this thing. You do the legwork. We sit back, we watch, we listen to our scanners, we monitor you every step of the way. If at any moment we don't like something, we split. Period. (beat) Helluva lot safer than sticking up 7-11s, wouldn't you say? They lock eyes.   Red tosses Jeff a Windbreaker. RED
69) 41) text: Put this on. You can't go into the bank like that. Jeff puts on the jacket.    It covers his filthy shirt. Red checks his watch. RED
69) 42) text: How about it, Jeff? Time to get the show on the road? ON Jeff's expression...
70) 0) text: Jeff stumbles and nearly falls as he descends   the loose rock at the foot of the mesa. He looks up at    the ridge but Red and his crew have pulled back out of   view. Jeff starts across an open field toward the town,   first jogging, then running.
71) 0) text: Jeff hurries toward the bank. He looks back at the mesa again. The gang has disappeared. Up ahead, a mud-streaked pickup cruises the main street. Jeff eyes it warily. Is it one of theirs? The truck pulls around a corner.
72) 0) text: Jeff pushes through the main doors. It's a typical small town operation. A guard stands near the entrance. Several customers wait in line for the woman teller. Jeff looks at the slow-moving line and swears softly. He doesn't have time to wait. He glances around, sees an older man sitting at a desk in the rear of the bank, the nameplate on the desk identifying him as Roger Calhoun. Jeff approaches. JEFF
72) 1) text: I need to see the manager. I need a wire transfer from my bank in Boston. CALHOUN looks up from his paperwork, hesitates at Jeff's appearance. CALHOUN
72) 2) text: Yes... sir. I'm the manager. Would you like to have a seat? Jeff remains standing.    He eyes the other customers nervously.
72) 4) dialog: (turning; preoccupied)
72) 7) dialog: Right. He takes a seat across the desk from the manager, reaches into his wallet and brings out several forms of identification.
72) 12) text: Are you all right? JEFF
72) 16) text: No, I can't. For non-customers the limit is $500 a day. Sir, are you sure you're all right? JEFF
72) 17) text: Yes, I'm fine. Just... transfer the money, okay? Calhoun raises an eyebrow and begins filling out the transfer form. Jeff eyes him, decides he has to risk it. He leans toward the desk. JEFF
72) 19) text: (looking up; baffled) Sir? JEFF
72) 28) text: Certainly, sir. Would you like to have a seat? The guy takes a seat ten feet away. Jeff looks at him, paranoid. Their eyes meet. Jeff looks away quickly.
72) 31) dialog: Just... transfer the money.
73) 0) text: Jeff enters and locks the door. He startles at his reflection in the mirror.     He is sunburned, dirty, lacerated. He opens a cabinet and rifles through the supplies, looking for anything that could be used as a weapon. tosses aside detergents and air fresheners. He picks up   the toilet plunger, pulls the wooden rod fr the rubber   base. He swings it into his palm a few times testing it   as a club. It's too bulky. He won't be able to conceal   it. He checks his watch. Time is running out.      He takes o last look around the bathroom, then exits.
74) 0) text: Jeff comes out of the rest room. The manager is behind the teller's counter. The cowboy is gone. In his place sits a middle-aged blue collar worker. He looks at Jeff. Jeff takes a seat, glances at Calhoun's empty desk. There is a letter opener on the desk, several paper bands for wrapping currency. Positioning his body so no one can see, Jeff takes the letter opener and slips it into his sleeve. He scoops up a handful of currency wrappers. Jeff goes to the teller's window, scribbles something on the back of a deposit slip and hands it to the teller. JEFF
75) 0) text: Jeff comes out of the bank with a manila envelope, glancing up and down the street. There's no sign of the men. He squints toward the mesa. No sign of them there either. He stands there. What's he supposed to do now? He checks his watch, growing anxious. Finally he is about to jog back in the direction he came, when... a PHONE RINGS. Jeff turns. There's a pay PHONE down the street. It RINGS again. He approaches quickly, lifts the receiver. JEFF
75) 2) text: (filtered) No shit. I can SEE that.   How much you got? Jeff looks up and down the street, trying to figure out where they're watching from. He looks toward the bank, glimpses the manager peering through the window. JEFF
75) 9) dialog: When do I see my wife?
75) 11) text: When I say so. Now walk. The LINE CLICKS.    Jeff hangs up and starts walking.
77) 0) text: Jeff walks along the road, carrying the envelope. Various cars pass in either direction, but none slow down. Jeff stiffens as an 18-wheeler approaches. But the TRUCK THUNDERS past, blowing a cloud of dust and sand in his face. Jeff continues walking, anxiously checking over his shoulder every few moments. His eyes narrow. The Dodge Ram pickup is cruising toward him. It slows, then brakes to a halt. The passenger door opens. Earl sits behind the wheel, aiming an automatic pistol. EARL
77) 5) dialog: No.   First you tell me where she is. EARL
77) 6) text: Wrong, asshole. First you give me the money, then you find out. Unless you want me to shoot you dead right here on the highway. Jeff looks around, wonders if Earl would risk shooting him in view of passing traffic. Jeff hesitates, then tosses the envelope on the      seat Earl opens it, reaches in and pulls out several      pack of currency. They are wrapped with paper bands       and appear to be stacks of fifties and hundreds. He       rep them and gestures at Jeff with the gun. EARL
77) 7) text: Now lift your shirt and jacket and turn around. Jeff complies. Earl sees that he isn't carrying a gun. He beckons Jeff toward the truck with the automatic. EARL
77) 8) text: Turn around, hands behind your back, and step toward the truck. Jeff takes two backwards steps toward the passenger side door. Earl grabs his arms, yanks roughly and wraps them with several layers of duct tape. EARL
77) 9) text: Now get up in the truck, knees on the floor. Do it now! Jeff struggles into an awkward kneeling position on the floor, facing the rear of the pickup, his belly pressed against the seat. Earl reaches over and pulls the door shut. He throws the truck in gear and starts driving. Jeff grimaces, looking up at him. JEFF
77) 15) text: What the hell -- Earl backhands Jeff against the passenger door. There is a RINGING sound and Earl pulls a CELL PHONE from his pocket. He presses a button and raises it to his face.
77) 19) text: You gotta be the dumbest motherfuck yet. You think we picked you out of the blue? New car, Massachusetts plates -- probably be days before anyone misses you. Hell, you shoulda got the bumper sticker that goes with it: 'Rich Assholes Looking for Trouble!' He tucks the pistol in his belt.   Jeff looks at him, seething. Jeff tries to squirm free. Earl sees it and belts him across the temple. Jeff slams into the passenger door, wincing. EARL
77) 21) text: Help, help, I ain't got no power! Earl laughs. Jeff has come to rest with his back against the door. By contorting his arms, he is able to draw the letter opener from his pocket. He manipulates the letter opener into position and begins cutting the duct tape that binds his wrists.
77) 25) text: You know what I'm gonna do first with your money, boy? Well, do you? Jeff glares at him. EARL
77) 28) text: These are... it's nothing but singles... (erupting) You lyin' sonofabitch! There is a RIPPING SOUND. Jeff wrests his hands free and lunges across the cab. He plants the letter opener in Earl's shoulder!
79) 0) text: Jeff seizes the pistol from Earl's waistband.    Earl flails and knocks the pistol from his grasp.
81) 0) text: Jeff gropes on the floor. His hand closes around the pistol and he swings it at Earl -- crack! Earl's nose erupts! Jeff reaches across and jams his foot on the brake.
83) 0) text: Jeff swings the pistol into Earl's face -- crack! Earl tries to fend off the blows. Jeff creams him again -- crack!
85) 0) text: Jeff aims the pistol at point blank range.     Earl is a bloody wreck. His head lolls groggily. JEFF
85) 1) text: Where is she, goddammit?   What'd you do with her? Earl sneers. Jeff is about to slug him again when he notices the two truck parked across the road, the driver staring out.
87) 0) text: Jeff drives, one hand on the wheel, the other brandishing the pistol at Earl.
87) 1) dialog: Where is she?!
87) 3) text: Fuck you! Jeff swings the pistol. There is a crack of exploding teeth! Earl's mouth erupts with frothy blood!
87) 4) dialog: You like that?     How about this? Jeff hits the brakes. Earl is thrown forward, letting out a strangled cry as the duct tape chokes off his windpipe.
87) 5) dialog: Four wheel anti-lock brakes, you sonofabitch! You want to try 'em again?
87) 9) dialog: How about an emergency stop? You want to try that, Earl? Where is she?
92) 0) text: Jeff glances in the rearview mirror. The cruiser is on their tail, SIREN WAILING, lights flashing. He swears and pumps the brakes in a series of rapid bursts. JEFF
92) 3) dialog: Yeah?     Where's that?
95) 1) text: Jesus Christ -- (on radio) Dispatch! Suspect identified as one Jeffrey Taylor, repeat, Jeffrey Taylor! Boyd taps his brakes, falling back behind the pickup.
96) 0) text: Jeff is wild-eyed.
96) 4) dialog: Where were you taking the money?
96) 7) dialog: Where?
98) 0) text: The cruiser skids to a stop. Jeff leaps from the pickup with the pistol in his hand. He rushes toward the cruiser. Sheriff Boyd hops out, levels his service revolver.
98) 1) dialog: I know where she is!   My wife!
98) 3) text: Drop the gun! Jeff pitches the gun away and it skitters down an embankment. He raises his hands. JEFF
99) 0) text: Earl struggles for breath. The duct tape is still tight around his neck. He strains against the tape binding his limbs. He glances in the side view mirror to see the Sheriff ordering Jeff down on the ground. By wriggling and contorting his wrists, Earl is able to tear one hand free. Then he pulls away the rest of the duct tape from his knees. The tape is still wrapped tightly around    his neck, pinning him to the backrest. Earl claws     at the tape, it won't come free. Finally, with both     hands, he reac behind his head and yanks the read rest    from the seat. He reaches into his boot for something...
100) 0) text: Jeff is spread-eagled on the ground. Sheriff Boyd calls out to Earl in the cab. He keeps his gun leveled. SHERIFF BOYD
100) 3) text: Well, get out dammit! JEFF
100) 6) text: Shut up. (to Earl) C'mon out, sir. It's safe -- Earl sets one foot on the road. The headrest dangles against his back, still taped to his neck. Suddenly Earl whirls, holding a .22 snub-nose REVOLVER and FIRES! The sheriff stumbles away, blood spurting from his shoulder, the gun flying from his hand. Jeff looks up in horror as the sheriff falls.
100) 11) text: Help is on the way, Sheriff. Just hang on. I have units and an ambulance en route. Jeff bends over the Sheriff and examines his wound with a grimace. He is verging on unconsciousness. Jeff deliberates, torn. There is nothing he can do here. Making up his mind, Jeff runs to the pickup. The hand- held cellular phone has spilled into the road. He scoops it up, jumps behind the wheel and LAYS RUBBER.
101) 0) text: Jeff stands on a ridge overlooking a Texaco truck stop. Behind him, the Dodge Ram pickup lies hidden in a growth of scrub oak and tumbleweeds. Jeff looks overwhelmed by what he sees spread out below.
102) 0) text: Jeff skids on his heels down the loose hillside and reaches the edge of the parking lot. There are trucks everywhere. Diesel MOTORS RUMBLE. Exhaust fills the air. He reaches the end of a row of big rigs, starts searching the grounds for the markings of Red's 18-wheeler. It's nowhere in sight. A high-pitched FEMININE SQUEAL from an adjacent truck's sleeping compartment startles Jeff. TRUCKER (O.S.)
102) 1) text: (muffled) C'mon, baby, give it up! The woman GIGGLES, O.S. Jeff ignores it, scanning the truck stop. He stiffens. A police car is arriving at the truck stop. Staying out of sight, Jeff passes quickly to the rear of a tractor trailer.
103) 0) text: Jeff peers out from behind a parked mini-van as trucks emerge wet and dripping from an immense truck wash. Across the way, trucks are filling up on diesel at the gas islands. Jeff's eyes narrow. Is that Red's Peterbilt among them? He quickens his pace, then falls back, slumping. The rig's black driver is getting in the cab. Jeff glances to the side, frowns.
104) 0) text: A highway patrol car with flashing lights is parked near the place where Jeff ditched the pickup. Beside it, a state trooper surveys the truck stop with binoculars.
105) 0) text: Jeff's jaw tightens. He glances toward the road, sees two more highway patrol cars cruising the perimeter of the truck stop. Swearing, Jeff turns on his heels and walks away in the opposite direction, shielding his face.
106) 0) text: Jeff emerges from between two vehicles, glancing over his shoulder nervously. He keeps his head down, moving fast. He scans the truck stop in all directions. The patrol car is still parked on the ridge, the patrolman peering through binoculars. Jeff quickens his pace alongside the truck stop building, passing a row of pay phones. He looks up, stops dead. Red is talking on a pay phone six feet away. Jeff stares. Red is facing away, unaware of his presence. Jeff darts into an adjacent pay phone. He shields his face with the receiver and listens. RED
106) 5) text: Look, I'm getting out of here. Stay off the airwaves. Bring the girl and meet me at the barn... You got that? He hangs up.   Jeff presses the phone against his face an turns away. When he looks up, Red is walking toward his Peterbilt truck, parked in a row of big rigs. Jeff starts to follow, then freezes. Several cops are fanning out on foot, questioning everyone they encounter. Jeff sees Red getting into his truck. The ENGINE KICKS OVER. The BRAKES HISS and the truck begins pulling out. Jeff whips around. The older vacationing couple are talking to a cop fifty yards away. The husband points toward the pay phones. Jeff makes a sudden decision, doubles back behind a rolling farm truck.
106) 7) dialog: runs alongside the farm truck, using it as a shield. He overtakes the truck, cuts across its path. The farmer BLARES his HORN. Jeff glances left. Red's tractor trailer is traveling across the crowded parking area, slowly gaining speed. Jeff sprints in front of a moving car. The driver jerks to a halt and HONKS, catching the attention of a nearby cop. Jeff quickly turns away, avoiding being seen. Red's 18-wheeler turns toward the access road. Jeff looks around, panicked. More cops are spreading out on foot. They'll notice him any second.
107) 0) text: Jeff hangs on for dear life. His legs drag over the asphalt. He lets out a cry of pain. The truck is joining the highway, accelerating. Grimacing, Jeff swings his legs over the universal joint as the roadway races past below. The huge TIRES are a HOWLING blur. Suddenly his grip falters on the grease. His back scrapes the rushing asphalt. Jeff gasps, makes a grab and holds firm. As he hangs on, a station wagon overtakes the Peterbilt in the passing lane. A three-year-old boy sits in the rear compartment, staring out at Jeff, a puzzled expression on his face. Jeff stares back. It's an odd moment between the two. The station wagon continues forward and EXITS FRAME.
109) 0) text: The tires kick up a hail storm of loose gravel and dirt, pelting Jeff all over his body. He realizes he can't stay where he is. Grunting with effort, he works his way hand over hand along the underside rigging toward the cab. He seizes the trailer hitch and hoists himself up.
110) 0) text: Standing on the coupler, Jeff clutches his ribs and catches his breath. He's in pain. The road whips by below his feet. The truck hits an uneven stretch of road and bounces violently. Jeff grabs the coiled brake line for support. The truck is doing 70 mph, exhaust racketing. Jeff pulls the cell phone from his pocket and dials 911. He holds it tightly to his ear, shouting above the wind.
110) 1) dialog: (on phone)
110) 2) text: Hello? Can you hear me? This is Jeff Taylor. I need to talk to the deputy. He strains to hear the reply.
110) 3) dialog: The name is Jeffrey Taylor. I just witnessed your sheriff being shot. Now put someone on, goddammit! He waits.
111) 0) text: Red glances in the side mirror at the road behind him as he drives, unaware of Jeff's presence.
112) 0) text: Jeff clutches the cell phone to his ear, waiting.    He reacts suddenly as the call is put through.
112) 1) dialog: Hello?
114) 0) text: The truck streaks along the interstate.   Sitting on the coupler, Jeff is a picture of despair.
115) 0) text: Hours later. The truck races toward the bloated lowering sun, with no sign of slowing down. Jeff lies curled under the windfoil on the roof of the cab. He hugs himself, shivering in the cold draft.
117) 0) text: From his hiding place under the windfoil, Jeff peers out into the darkness, unable to figure out where he is. He catches his balance as the truck turns a corner and slows, driving past a tract of undeveloped land, before turning into the driveway of a...
119) 0) text: Jeff flattens against the sleeper. He can see Red greeting his wife, their words carrying faintly across the lawn. Jeff is baffled by this domestic scene.
120) 6) text: Say, Deke, how 'bout opening up the barn for your daddy? Deke takes the key and sprints for the barn while Red returns to the cab, passing within several feet of Jeff's hiding place. He reaches into the cab, brings out a duffel bag and unzips it. Jeff keeps his breathing shallow, squeezes against the windfoil. RED
120) 7) text: Deke, c'mon over here, I got something for you. Deke runs up, breathless. Red holds two hands behind his back. Red and Deke are just six feet from Jeff. RED
120) 17) text: Okay, okay, I'll give it to you. He opens his hand, revealing Jeff's Swiss Army knife.
121) 0) text: Jeff seizes his chance. He crawls out from under the windfoil and hoists himself onto the overhanging eave. The STRUCTURE CREAKS under his weight.
122) 0) text: Jeff crouches in the shadows. He can see Red poking his head out from the trailer, peering up at the roof.
123) 0) text: Jeff goes to a second-story window. A board has been nailed over the window. He pulls it away, steps into...
127) 0) text: Jeff lies on his belly peering through a knothole.
127) 1) text: The men unload Jeff and Amy's belongings -- luggage, photography equipment, miscellaneous items. Inside the moving van, the battered Jeep Cherokee is visible, partially covered with a tarp.
128) 0) text: Jeff breathes in sharply, presses his eye against the knothole.
130) 0) text: Jeff stares, paralyzed, his universe exploded.   Moisture forms in his eyes.
132) 0) text: We see Jeff's eye in the knothole. It's all we need to see to gauge the effect on him of seeing Amy alive.
134) 0) text: Jeff quickly climbs down a ladder in the pitch darkness. He crosses the room, bumping into a workbench. He swears, makes his way toward the...
135) 0) text: Jeff drops to his hands and knees, feeling for the padlocked trap door. He finds it, speaks in an urgent whisper.
135) 1) dialog: Amy?   Amy, can you hear me? No reply.     Jeff cups his hands, presses his mouth to t floor.
135) 2) dialog: (louder)
135) 3) text: Amy? Still no reply. Jeff swears, glances around the dark room.       There is tool bench across the room.
135) 4) dialog: Hang on, baby. They're in the house; I can't use the lights. I'm gonna get you out. He goes to   the tool bench, fumbling in the darkness. He knocks over   a cardboard box -- a pile of car keys spill across the   table. His hands run over an assortment of tools.  He   locates a hammer, takes it. Returning to the trap door, Jeff inserts the claw in the padlock and tries to pry it open. The lock won't give.
135) 8) dialog: Fuck! He gets up, goes to the tool bench. His hands feel over and reject an assortment of small tools. He finds a crowbar, returns to the trap door and inserts it into the shackle, twisting with all his might. After several failed attempts, he swears.
135) 9) dialog: It's not working. If I make any more noise, they'll hear. Jeff mulls his options.    He sets his jaw, exhales. JEFF
135) 10) text: I'm going to get you out of there, Amy. He swallows, emotional, clearly torn. JEFF
136) 0) text: Jeff opens the door. A weak dome light flickers on. He climbs up into the cab and tries turning on the CB radio, but no luck -- the keys are gone. He opens the glove compartment. There are maps, trip logs, truck stop receipts. He rifles through them quickly. Jeff frowns, gets on the floor of the cab and gropes under the driver's seat. His eyes register a discovery. He brings out a big black semi-automatic pistol. Jeff studies the base of the grip, clearly unfamiliar with guns. He fumbles with the clip, ejects it. The clip is full of bullets. He snaps the clip back in place.
136) 4) dialog: (under his breath)
137) 0) text: Jeff climbs out of the window onto the broad overhanging eave. He steps to the edge of the roof and lowers himself onto the Peterbilt cab, then drops to the ground. He looks around. Red's is the only house visible. A light flickers in the trees a mile away. It could be anything. Jeff moves toward the house.
138) 0) text: Jeff holds the gun ready as he eases open the screen door. The DOOR CREAKS on its hinges. Jeff steps into...
139) 0) text: Jeff lets the door close silently. There are VOICES coming from a distant room. He passes a washing machine, a hamper full of dirty clothes, and moves silently down...
140) 7) dialog: Standing in the doorway. Aiming the pistol. His clothes caked with blood and dirt. He sways slightly. Nobody else moves.
140) 8) dialog: Give me the key.
140) 11) dialog: Give me the fucking key! There is silence.
140) 17) dialog: Don't mister me, you sonofabitch! My wife is locked in a hole in your fucking barn! You don't give me the key, I'll blow your fucking head off! Arleen glances at Red, frightened. ARLEEN
140) 19) text: I don't know, honey.        Just stay calm -- JEFF
140) 20) text: (to Arleen) Your husband's a kidnapper and a murderer is what's going on! Did you know that about him? Huh? (gestures) Ever wonder where all this stuff comes from? Arleen looks up at Jeff, scared.      She starts to open mouth, when --
140) 23) text: (firm) Don't listen to him, Deke.        Keep the gun on him. JEFF
140) 29) text: My daddy keeps his rifle loaded all the time. He showed me in case I needed to protect Mommy when he's away. JEFF
140) 31) text: He's lying, Deke. He can't get me. Just pull the trigger. JEFF
140) 35) dialog: Deke, no -- ! Suddenly, Billy bolts from the table. The RIFLE FIRES! The recoil knocks Deke off his feet. The bullet rips into Al's shoulder! AL
140) 36) text: Oww -- goddammit, you little shit! Red is out of his chair. Jeff dives first and seizes the rifle. He whirls, aims the pistol at Red.
140) 37) dialog: Don't fucking move! Everyone freezes.
140) 41) dialog: Deke?   Deke?   Get on your feet! Deke rises, tears streaming down his face.
140) 42) dialog: It's okay, kid. Go over there, stand next to your mother. Hurry up. Deke obeys. Clutching his shoulder wound, Al glares at the child as he passes. Jeff deliberates. Where the hell was Billy going? gnaws his lip, decides.
140) 43) dialog: Okay... on your feet.   Now, everybody! Red, Arleen and Al get to their feet. Deke stays at his mother's side. Jeff aims the pistol at Red, holds the rifle with his other hand.
140) 44) dialog: Let's go.      Out. He herds them to the door.      Arleen looks to Red nervously. RED
141) 0) text: Jeff trains the pistol as his captives stand at the entrance to the barn. He glances around, keeping an eye out for Billy. JEFF
141) 6) dialog: (jams pistol at him)
141) 9) dialog: (indicating barn door)
141) 11) dialog: Good.  Now give me the keys. (turning to Deke)
141) 12) text: Deke, push the door open. Quickly. Deke looks at his father. Red nods.         Deke goes to door, begins wheeling it open. JEFF
141) 14) text: Let's go. Move it. Jeff herds all four into --
142) 0) text: Jeff leads the group through the barn at gun-point. He glances right and left, wired. The rifle is strapped to his back. He keeps the handgun ready. He peers under the tractor-trailer, looking for any sign of Billy. They reach the trap door. Jeff circles it, constantly keeping an eye on Red and Al. He hands the keys to Deke. JEFF
142) 5) dialog: It's okay, Deke. There's a freezer down there with a woman in it. I need you to let her out. Deke descends the steps, frightened.
142) 7) text: I can't see. Jeff jabs the pistol at Red:    Tell him where the light is. RED
142) 10) text: It's all right, son.     Just ignore that stuff. Jeff crouches to peer into the cellar.
142) 13) dialog: (to Deke)
142) 19) dialog: Okay. You're almost done. Just open it up, let the woman out. We hear a FREEZER BEING OPENED.
142) 21) dialog: You got that Swiss Army knife your dad gave you?
142) 23) dialog: Good man. Use that.   Make sure you don't hurt her. They wait tensely while Deke works downstairs. JEFF
142) 27) dialog: Amy!!! AMY (O.S.)
142) 28) text: I'm almost free!!! JEFF
142) 29) text: Amy, come up here! Amy climbs the stairs quickly. Scraps of duct tape cling to her wrists. She throws her arm around Jeff. AMY
142) 30) text: They were going to kill me. JEFF
142) 31) text: I know, baby. It's okay.       They can't hurt you now. While Amy embraces him, Jeff keeps the gun on Red and the others. He gestures toward the cellar.
142) 35) dialog: (to Red, Arleen, and Al)
142) 37) dialog: Do it! Arleen and Al descend the steps.        Red follows, then stops, halfway down.
142) 39) dialog: Go to hell. He boots Red in the chest, sending him backward down the steps. He slams the trap door shut and locks the padlock. He looks around, sees a massive tool chest.         He ti onto the trap door -- crash! Then he takes Amy's hand, still keeping an eye out for Billy.
142) 40) dialog: Let's get out of here. They run from the barn.
143) 0) text: The first rays of sunlight are beginning to poke over the horizon. Jeff wheels the barn door shut and locks it.         He s running toward Red's house.
143) 1) dialog: Amy, no!    It's not safe -- AMY
143) 6) text: One of them's still loose.      C'mon -- this way! It's too much to explain. Jeff grabs her arm. As they take off running toward the light flickering in the distance.
145) 0) text: The morning sky is lighter now. A rickety trailer surrounded by a chicken coop, junked appliances and a clothesline. There's an old utility pickup truck parked in front. Jeff and Amy arrive out of breath. Jeff pounds on the door.
145) 1) dialog: Hello?   Hello?     Anybody home? There's no answer. Jeff puts his shoulder to the door and rams it open. The flimsy door gives way easily.
146) 0) text: Jeff enters. The place is ramshackle -- torn vinyl furniture, empty beer bottles scattered about. A tattered flag hangs on the wall. There's no one around. JEFF
146) 1) text: (shouting) Hello? Anyone home? Amy follows him inside, looks around. Jeff crosses the room, snatches up a phone and dials 911. JEFF
146) 6) dialog: (re: keys) Take it. We may need to get out of here -- (into phone, suddenly)
146) 7) text: Hello! This is Jeff Taylor. I'm reporting an emergency... I don't know the address, the house belongs to a Red Barr -- I mean, Warren something... No, I don't know his name!
146) 9) text: Jeff -- A DEEP RUMBLE is approaching, GETTING LOUDER by the second... JEFF
146) 10) text: No -- he kidnapped my wife, he's locked in a barn... Jeffrey Taylor. If you contact the police in -- Amy pulls a curtain aside, reacts to what she sees --
146) 12) text: Jeff! Suddenly, the ROAR is DEAFENING -- The PETERBILT EXPLODES through the wall of the trailer home!
148) 0) text: The rickety structure spins 360 degrees! Jeff goes flying. A TELEVISION somersaults across the room and EXPLODES. Amy slams into a wall. The speeding Peterbilt shears away a section of the trailer home with a horrible RIPPING sound! The trailer home is suddenly open to the sky.
150) 0) text: Jeff struggles to his knees.
150) 1) dialog: Amy?! Amy is crawling over the debris. Jeff pulls her to her feet. He grabs the rifle and car keys.
150) 2) dialog: C'mon! They stagger through the gaping hole in the trailer.
151) 0) text: Red sees Amy and Jeff flee the trailer and head for the utility pickup. He throws the Peterbilt into a turn.
151) 10) dialog: What the fuck?! He swivels his head right, sees --
151) 12) dialog: cranks the wheel.
151) 13) dialog: Get down!
151) 19) dialog: raises the PISTOL and FIRES!
151) 21) dialog: lets out a cry as they carom off the Cadillac. Blood flows in a trickle down his neck. Amy sees it, panicking. AMY
151) 22) text: Jeff!
151) 23) dialog: It's glass!   Use the rifle! Amy raises the rifle, thrusts the barrel awkwardly out the window and aims at Billy. She FIRES wildly -- BANG!
151) 42) dialog: Hang on! They are flying into a hairy curve.
151) 49) dialog: slams against the wheel. Amy is thrown against the dashboard. The Ford is being propelled downhill by the Peterbilt.
151) 51) dialog: jams the pistol through the rear pass-through window and FIRES at Red in the truck. BULLETS PING off the grille. The GUN CLICKS empty.
151) 56) dialog: You all right? Amy looks back at him.   She expels a long breath and nods. Jeff forces his upper body through the driver's window and looks over the Ford's roof at the Peterbilt.
151) 60) dialog: Yeah? AMY (O.S.)
151) 61) text: Jeff... I can't get out... Jeff drops back into the cab. The dashboard is crushed against Amy's legs. She tries to wriggle free.
151) 62) dialog: What is it? AMY
151) 63) text: (wriggling) It's just... I can't get out... JEFF
151) 71) dialog: C'mon, Amy, push! Amy struggles and struggles to free her legs.
151) 72) dialog: Push, goddammit! Amy glances toward the Peterbilt, terrified.
151) 76) text: Jeff!
151) 84) text: Jeff?
151) 107) dialog: scales the cab, finding more handholds.   He climbs past the passenger door. Behind him, Red is working his way higher in the same manner. He grabs Jeff's foot, trying to pull him off the cab. Jeff kicks free and climbs past the sleeping compartment. Red grabs the door handle. Jeff boots the door release button. The passenger door flies open! Red falls away as the door opens. He's clinging to the open passenger door, suspended over the gorge.
151) 110) dialog: climbs higher. The Peterbilt slips again.    Below, Red loses his grip and almost falls. Jeff hauls himself onto the bridge with a final gasp of exertion. He runs to the passenger side of the Ford.
151) 114) dialog: C'mon, Amy, it's all you now... you can do it... With a huge effort, Amy frees herself from the dashboard and reaches for Jeff's outstretched hand just as --
151) 123) dialog: I won't, baby... I won't ever let you go... He looks into her eyes.   Their lips meet in a kiss and we --
152) 0) text: Police cars and official vehicles are parked outside the house. RADIOS CHATTER. Yellow crime tape holds back onlookers and news reporters. Cops and evidence technicians work the scene. A criminalist photographs stolen property as it's carried out of the barn. A plainclothes FBI AGENT closes a cellphone and walks over to where Jeff and Amy are sitting at a picnic table. They are battered and bandaged. JEFF
152) 2) text: Out of surgery. It looks like he's gonna make it. As for the wife and kid, she's not talking, he's being turned over to Protective Services. Jeff nods soberly. FBI AGENT
152) 3) text: We've got I.D. on the dead suspects. Turns out they were all licensed truckers. One of 'em had a rap for check kiting. Otherwise they could've been model citizens. JEFF
152) 12) text: You were just a couple of the lucky ones. Up ahead, a television news helicopter is landing on the road. A cameraman, reporter and producer hurry over. Jeff watches the news crew, a bemused expression.   It seems like a million years ago... The FBI Agent shakes his head, disdainful. FBI
152) 13) text: (re: media) C'mon -- let's get you folks out of here before things really get hairy. He escorts them to a waiting sedan. As they climb in, Jeff looks back over his shoulder, surveying the scene one last time. He gets in and the car pulls away just as the frenzied news crew arrives, mikes and cameras at the ready, running alongside the departing sedan, shouting questions. Through the rear window, we see Jeff putting his arm around Amy, pulling her close as we hear: AMY
152) 15) dialog: Name it. AMY