19) 0) text: A walk-in closet has been converted into a small photographic darkroom. Moist 8 X 10 prints hang from a clothesline, bathed in a warm red glow. The images are moody black and white landscapes. Jeff stands over the developer, timing a print. Amy enters through a thick black curtain behind him. He doesn't look up.
20) 8) text: Who's running? It's good money, full benefits. I'm tired of freelance. We could finally put some money in the bank. AMY
32) 0) text: Jeff drives in silence. Amy stares out the window, bored. Looking for a distraction, she picks up a cellophane package of doughnuts and peruses the label.
32) 14) text: The redneck at the gas station! He lifted it right under my nose! My brand new Nikon. (pounds wheel in frustration)
33) 36) text: (chuckling) I figured that much. You want a hand pushing it off the road? JEFF
33) 37) text: Thanks, I'd appreciate it.    Amy, you want to steer? Amy gets behind the wheel and puts the shift in neutral. Jeff and Red push the car to the shoulder. As they push, Jeff glances at the CB antenna on Red's cab. JEFF
33) 38) text: Think you could radio a tow truck for us? RED
33) 44) dialog: About 60 miles.
33) 46) text: Oh. Red walks around to the front of the car and peers down at the exposed engine. RED
33) 48) text: It's a new car. RED
33) 49) text: That could be the problem. You been running it pretty fast? Amy gives Jeff a reprimanding look.     It's subtle, but notices. RED
33) 55) dialog: (casually)
33) 69) dialog: (surprised)
33) 75) text: You wanted to be alone. Well... you're alone. Why don't you take the time to get your head together? She walks to the truck. Jeff stands there. She climbs into the cab. Red moves some papers out of the way. RED
39) 0) text: Dark and dingy. Formica tables, a bar. Chunky customers in K-Mart clothes sit at the bar, nursing beers and watching a football game on a big MUTED TV. Jeff enters and all conversation stops. The other patrons turn and stare. After a moment, they return to their beers. Jeff glances around.   No sign of Amy.   No sign of Red. A bored-looking BARTENDER stands behind the counter, preparing a sandwich. Behind him, a blackboard menu. Jeff approaches.
48) 2) text: It's Red, alright. But he's wearing a different cap. FROM this ANGLE, we can't see into the passenger side of the cab. Red peers down at Jeff, puzzled.      Jeff shouts at him, waves:
48) 10) dialog: Jesus, pal, what the hell you doing?
48) 12) dialog: No. Jeff reacts.    How thick can this guy be? JEFF
48) 14) dialog: Huh?
48) 18) dialog: Mister, I don't know what you're talking about. Jeff stares -- is this guy nuts? JEFF
48) 19) text: You gave her a ride. You were supposed to drop her at Belle's diner. Red searches his memory, trying to be as helpful as possible. He shakes his head.
48) 23) dialog: Nope.   Sorry.
48) 25) dialog: Mister, I never seen you before in my life. Suddenly, there is a loud SQUAWK from inside the cab -- the CB RADIO.
48) 29) text: Your radio works -- (locks eyes with Red)
48) 32) dialog: Look, mister, I don't know what you want, but --
48) 42) text: I don't know what the hell's going on. Last time I saw her she was with this guy in his truck. Now he's saying he's never seen her! RED
48) 54) dialog: No, sir.
48) 56) text: Sir, all right with you if I search your truck? RED
48) 57) text: Hell yes, officer. Go right ahead. Name's Red, by the way. Red Barr. (pulls out his wallet)
48) 59) text: That won't be necessary yet. Just stand back behind the line. Both of you. As Red closes his wallet, several credit cards fall to the ground. He bends to scoop them up. Jeff eyes this suspiciously. The Sheriff climbs up into the truck.
49) 0) text: The Sheriff pokes his head inside, looks around. Pretty much what you'd expect in a long-haul big rig: a CB radio, a plastic Jesus, a map of the U.S. taped to the ceiling with hundreds of magic marker X's showing where the truck has been.
50) 0) text: Jeff and Red keep a careful eye on each other as the Sheriff climbs down from the cab, wiping his hands. SHERIFF BOYD
50) 1) text: (to both of them) All right, let's see your license and registration. Jeff and Red fish into their wallets and hand over I.D.'s. The Sheriff examines them, comparing faces to pictures and writing down names. SHERIFF BOYD
50) 2) text: What are you hauling today, Mr. Barr? RED
50) 4) text: (eyeing him) Long way to go empty. RED
50) 7) text: Yes, we are. (to Red) Sir, I'm gonna have to see everything. RED
51) 0) text: Jeff and the Sheriff observe as Red unlatches two heavy padlocks. Grunting, he raises the slatted METAL DOOR. It retracts along the ceiling with a noisy RATTLE.
51) 2) text: (re: boxes) Those yours? RED
51) 6) text: Sir, I searched the truck. There's no evidence of suspicious activity, no sign of struggle. Red has been looking on.   He chimes in, trying to be helpful: RED
53) 0) text: Sheriff Boyd looks up sternly as Jeff continues searching the cab. Red watches calmly. SHERIFF BOYD
53) 14) text: I've seen it a hundred times. Lovers, married couples, gay guys. You put two people in a car long enough, they'll go at it. Hell, I've even seen men dump their women on the side of the road, and vice versa. Jeff stares at the cop.    Emphatic: JEFF
53) 15) text: My wife did not leave me. RED
53) 23) text: Much obliged. (to Jeff) Good luck findin' your wife, mister. No hard feelings. Red climbs into the cab. Jeff watches helplessly, resigned to the fact there's nothing more he can do. Sheriff goes to the cruiser and speaks on the radio. the truck drives off, Jeff goes over to the cruiser. SHERIFF BOYD
53) 27) text: (filtered) Sheriff, this is dispatch. Mrs. Gilbert's locked out of her trailer again. Can you respond?
54) 0) text: A wall is covered with missing persons' notices. Photographs of men, women and children stare back at us. Names and dates are printed across the bottom of the notices. PULL BACK to reveal Jeff staring at the gallery of faces. It's a creepy feeling. Several yards away, DEPUTY LEN CARVER, a young puffy-faced lawman, sits at a desk filling out a form. Jeff looks shaken. DEPUTY CARVER
54) 8) text: We'll certainly do our best, Mr. Taylor. There's over a hundred thousand people go missing in this country every year. Runaways, deadbeat dads, dropouts, folks hiding from the I.R.S. -- all vanishing without a trace. Jeff stares at the faces. DEPUTY CARVER
57) 9) text: (confidentially) None of my business, mister. But if I was you I'd take a look in the ladies room. The Barfly gives Jeff a wink and turns back to his beer. Snickers from some of his bar mates, who avert their eyes when Jeff glances at them. Jeff knows this is almost certainly a put-on, but he can't take a chance. While the Barflies watch, poker-faced, Jeff walks to the door of the ladies room, hesitates, then knocks. His knock is answered by a wordless sound, HALF-GROAN, HALF- GASP.
61) 0) text: The road ascends into the rocky hills above the desert plain. The route is narrow and windy, forcing Jeff to reduce his speed.
62) 0) text: Jeff drives, desperately searching for any sign of a truck. There are no other vehicles on the road. He keeps pressing the "REDIAL" button.    The "NO SERVICE INDICATOR BEEPS over and over.
64) 0) text: Something catches Jeff's eye on the cell phone. For the first time, the "SERVICE" indicator blinks green. Jeff immediately grabs the phone again and presses "REDIAL."
69) 2) dialog: You're a tough man to get a hold of, Jeffrey. Jeff stares, a mix of emotions -- anger, fear, confusion.
69) 5) dialog: It's not me we're talking about. Question is what you want. Jeff looks at him with loathing. RED
69) 6) text: See, I've got something you might want to buy. Can't show you the merchandise right now, but I can describe it for you. About five- five, hundred and fifteen pounds. I'd say three, maybe four of that is tits. Black curly hair upstairs and down. Interested?
69) 10) text: You sonofabitch -- He advances toward Red. Billy and Earl grab him from behind and tackle him to the ground. Billy drives a fist into his kidney. Jeff gasps in pain. Red nods impassively.
69) 11) dialog: Bring him up here. Earl and Billy hoist Jeff to his feet and propel him up the mound closer to Red. From here, Jeff can see a small desert town spread out below, as well as the highway leading through it. Red gestures.
69) 12) dialog: Welcome to Brackett, Jeff. If ever there was a two-bit shithole in the middle of nowhere, this is it. One gas station, a half-dozen stores and a V.F.W. hall. (pointing)
69) 14) dialog: That's the bank. Brackett Commerce Bank. You with me? Jeff nods tightly.
69) 15) dialog: Then here's the drill. You're gonna walk in there and tell the manager you want an express wire in the amount of $90,000 from your account in Boston. Got your wallet? Jeff nods.
69) 16) dialog: You ask for the money in cash. Small bills.
69) 24) text: She's tucked away someplace safe. You get her back as soon as we get the money. Simple as that. Jeff compresses his lips. RED
69) 25) text: Now a smart guy like you, you're already thinking about calling the cops, right? Jeff says nothing. Red raises a hand-held CB to his mouth. He keys the transmitter. RED
69) 27) text: (filtered) Copy that, Iron Man. Red turns back to Jeff.
69) 28) dialog: Like I said, Jeff, if you want to call the cops, there's nothing I can do. Hell, with the fire you've got in your eyes right now, I figure you're fixing on calling the F.B.I., C.I.A. -- even the 82nd Airborne. Jeff stares back.
69) 32) text: Problem is, you can see this town for miles around. So ask yourself: How's the law gonna get here? They gonna fly in? Drive in? Either way, we'll see 'em. So let me be very clear: if we see one unmarked car, one plane, one human being who even smells like a cop -- this deal is dead. He tosses Jeff the binoculars. RED
69) 35) text: There's exactly two cops in this town. One of them's inside pulling ass duty; the other's on patrol in the foothills. Now a minute ago one of my men called in a non-injury accident on the I-40 connector. Deputy Carver comes out of the building gulping down a sandwich. He gets in the cruiser and pulls away, lights flashing. RED (O.S.)
69) 39) dialog: That's your deadline. If for any reason one of those cops pulls into town before I'm looking at a bag of money, your wife is dead, you're shit out of luck and we're gone for good. He smiles at Jeff. RED
69) 40) text: See, that's why there's no risk to us in this thing. You do the legwork. We sit back, we watch, we listen to our scanners, we monitor you every step of the way. If at any moment we don't like something, we split. Period. (beat) Helluva lot safer than sticking up 7-11s, wouldn't you say? They lock eyes.   Red tosses Jeff a Windbreaker. RED
69) 41) text: Put this on. You can't go into the bank like that. Jeff puts on the jacket.    It covers his filthy shirt. Red checks his watch. RED
70) 0) text: Jeff stumbles and nearly falls as he descends   the loose rock at the foot of the mesa. He looks up at    the ridge but Red and his crew have pulled back out of   view. Jeff starts across an open field toward the town,   first jogging, then running.
71) 0) text: Jeff hurries toward the bank. He looks back at the mesa again. The gang has disappeared. Up ahead, a mud-streaked pickup cruises the main street. Jeff eyes it warily. Is it one of theirs? The truck pulls around a corner.
72) 11) text: Here's my driver's license, credit card if you need it, my account number in Boston... How long is this going to take? Calhoun looks at him curiously. CALHOUN
72) 13) text: (quickly) Yes, I'm fine. Look, that account only has $5,000 in it. How much can you advance me on my credit card?
72) 15) text: (impatient) My credit card. I've got a $6,000 limit. Can you advance me the whole $6,000? Calhoun looks mystified. CALHOUN
75) 1) text: I'm here. RED (V.O.)
75) 2) text: (filtered) No shit. I can SEE that.   How much you got? Jeff looks up and down the street, trying to figure out where they're watching from. He looks toward the bank, glimpses the manager peering through the window. JEFF
75) 7) dialog: (filtered)
75) 10) dialog: (filtered)
77) 6) text: Wrong, asshole. First you give me the money, then you find out. Unless you want me to shoot you dead right here on the highway. Jeff looks around, wonders if Earl would risk shooting him in view of passing traffic. Jeff hesitates, then tosses the envelope on the      seat Earl opens it, reaches in and pulls out several      pack of currency. They are wrapped with paper bands       and appear to be stacks of fifties and hundreds. He       rep them and gestures at Jeff with the gun. EARL
100) 10) text: (weak) Shots fired... Officer down... Suspect... DISPATCHER (V.O.)
102) 0) text: Jeff skids on his heels down the loose hillside and reaches the edge of the parking lot. There are trucks everywhere. Diesel MOTORS RUMBLE. Exhaust fills the air. He reaches the end of a row of big rigs, starts searching the grounds for the markings of Red's 18-wheeler. It's nowhere in sight. A high-pitched FEMININE SQUEAL from an adjacent truck's sleeping compartment startles Jeff. TRUCKER (O.S.)
103) 0) text: Jeff peers out from behind a parked mini-van as trucks emerge wet and dripping from an immense truck wash. Across the way, trucks are filling up on diesel at the gas islands. Jeff's eyes narrow. Is that Red's Peterbilt among them? He quickens his pace, then falls back, slumping. The rig's black driver is getting in the cab. Jeff glances to the side, frowns.
106) 0) text: Jeff emerges from between two vehicles, glancing over his shoulder nervously. He keeps his head down, moving fast. He scans the truck stop in all directions. The patrol car is still parked on the ridge, the patrolman peering through binoculars. Jeff quickens his pace alongside the truck stop building, passing a row of pay phones. He looks up, stops dead. Red is talking on a pay phone six feet away. Jeff stares. Red is facing away, unaware of his presence. Jeff darts into an adjacent pay phone. He shields his face with the receiver and listens. RED
106) 5) text: Look, I'm getting out of here. Stay off the airwaves. Bring the girl and meet me at the barn... You got that? He hangs up.   Jeff presses the phone against his face an turns away. When he looks up, Red is walking toward his Peterbilt truck, parked in a row of big rigs. Jeff starts to follow, then freezes. Several cops are fanning out on foot, questioning everyone they encounter. Jeff sees Red getting into his truck. The ENGINE KICKS OVER. The BRAKES HISS and the truck begins pulling out. Jeff whips around. The older vacationing couple are talking to a cop fifty yards away. The husband points toward the pay phones. Jeff makes a sudden decision, doubles back behind a rolling farm truck.
111) 0) text: Red glances in the side mirror at the road behind him as he drives, unaware of Jeff's presence.
118) 6) text: Deke, get back to bed! I said now! (to Red) Warren? I thought you were coming back next week. She comes out into the yard.
119) 0) text: Jeff flattens against the sleeper. He can see Red greeting his wife, their words carrying faintly across the lawn. Jeff is baffled by this domestic scene.
120) 0) text: Arleen reacts with disappointment to something Red's told her. ARLEEN
120) 1) text: ... but it's four in the morning. Why can't Al and Billy come some other time? RED
120) 2) text: (reasoning) I told you, we've got some stuff to take care of. Won't be more than a couple of hours -- I promise. Red turns to his son, extends a key.
120) 6) text: Say, Deke, how 'bout opening up the barn for your daddy? Deke takes the key and sprints for the barn while Red returns to the cab, passing within several feet of Jeff's hiding place. He reaches into the cab, brings out a duffel bag and unzips it. Jeff keeps his breathing shallow, squeezes against the windfoil. RED
120) 7) text: Deke, c'mon over here, I got something for you. Deke runs up, breathless. Red holds two hands behind his back. Red and Deke are just six feet from Jeff. RED
120) 10) text: This one. Red opens his right hand.    Empty.
120) 11) dialog: Nope.    Try again. DEKE
120) 12) text: (pointing to left) This hand. Red opens his left.    Empty.
120) 13) dialog: Nope.
120) 16) dialog: (laughing)
121) 2) dialog: Deke?   Deke, you back there?
122) 0) text: Jeff crouches in the shadows. He can see Red poking his head out from the trailer, peering up at the roof.
125) 0) text: Red looks up from toting a box of car stereos and snarled wiring as the moving van and Pontiac Firebird arrive at the barn. He beckons for the vehicles to pull forward into...
126) 0) text: Al dismounts from the moving truck. Billy climbs out of the Firebird. They are travel-sore, stretching. Red shuts the door behind them.
126) 2) dialog: Tell me about it.   You get any word on Earl?
126) 4) text: There's reports of an accident up Five Mile, but that's about it. Red grunts, unlatches the door to the moving van, lowers a ramp. The three men begin unloading boxes.
127) 1) text: The men unload Jeff and Amy's belongings -- luggage, photography equipment, miscellaneous items. Inside the moving van, the battered Jeep Cherokee is visible, partially covered with a tarp.
127) 6) dialog: So it got a little fucked up -- so what? We stay out of the area for a while, things will cool off. There is a HAMMERING noise, O.S.    Red looks over, irritated.
127) 7) dialog: Dammit, Al, what the hell you doing? Al sits at a workbench hammering precious stones out of Amy's jewelry. He looks over at Red.
127) 9) dialog: Fuck that, you can work on it later. Help us with the girl.
129) 0) text: Red unlatches a hidden compartment under the chassis of the moving truck. He and Billy slide out a long metal box, similar to a drawer in a morgue. They lift the metal lid, revealing --
131) 0) text: Billy and Al reach into the compartment, start to lift out the sack. RED
133) 3) text: Shut up. (glaring at Amy) Lemme do her, Red. I'll cut her head off right now. ARLEEN (O.S.)
133) 4) text: (muffled) Warren? You in there? Red reacts.
133) 8) dialog: Shit, it's my wife. Help me get her in the freezer. (calling out)
133) 9) text: Just a second, Arleen. Red walks to a corner, moves aside a section of false flooring. He pulls up a hidden trap door, revealing a root cellar.
133) 11) dialog: returns and takes Amy by the legs. Al and Billy lift her by the arms. As they carry her to the root cellar, Red peers into her terrified face.
133) 12) dialog: Don't   worry, honey. It's not as bad as   it sounds. It'll take you about   10 minutes to suck the air out.    Probably won't even feel it. Amy reacts, writhing even more violently, but she's no match for the three men.
133) 15) text: C'mon, let's go. They turn, walk toward the door. Red opens it. Arleen is standing there. Al and Billy greet her politely:
133) 21) dialog: Sure thing, honey. The barn goes dark as the men leave.        The barn door shut. A LOCK CLICKS.
137) 0) text: Jeff climbs out of the window onto the broad overhanging eave. He steps to the edge of the roof and lowers himself onto the Peterbilt cab, then drops to the ground. He looks around. Red's is the only house visible. A light flickers in the trees a mile away. It could be anything. Jeff moves toward the house.
140) 0) text: Red is in the middle of telling a story.    Arleen, Billy and Al sit around the table.
140) 4) dialog: ... So there I am, it's a howling snow storm, I've got 2000 live chickens that are supposed to be in Denver days ago, and this cop is busting my balls because I haven't got chains... Arleen and the men laugh heartily.
140) 5) dialog: So what happens but   this big old rooster, damn thing   must've weighed ten pounds,   he reaches out toward that highway   patrolman... Al glances toward the door, stops laughing.         Billy Arleen follow his gaze, go silent.
140) 6) dialog: ... just reaches out with his beak, see, and... Red notices his audience is no longer paying attention. He turns in his chair, sees --
140) 9) dialog: (placating)
140) 12) dialog: (a beat)
140) 18) text: (clueless) Warren? What's going on? RED
140) 20) text: (to Arleen) Your husband's a kidnapper and a murderer is what's going on! Did you know that about him? Huh? (gestures) Ever wonder where all this stuff comes from? Arleen looks up at Jeff, scared.      She starts to open mouth, when --
140) 22) text: You don't want to do that, kid. Just put the gun down. RED
140) 30) text: I understand that, Deke. I'm not gonna hurt Mommy. But if you pull that trigger, there's a chance I'll still kill your father. RED
140) 33) dialog: Plug him, boy!     Do what I tell you! Deke looks at his father, fights back tears.        His f tightens on the trigger. RED
140) 36) text: Oww -- goddammit, you little shit! Red is out of his chair. Jeff dives first and seizes the rifle. He whirls, aims the pistol at Red.
141) 1) text: (to Red) Okay. Reach into your pocket and hand the key to your wife. RED
141) 7) text: Do it. Red fishes a key ring out of his pocket and extends it to Arleen. She just stands there.
141) 8) dialog: It's okay, Arleen.      Take it. She takes the keys.
141) 12) text: Deke, push the door open. Quickly. Deke looks at his father. Red nods.         Deke goes to door, begins wheeling it open. JEFF
142) 0) text: Jeff leads the group through the barn at gun-point. He glances right and left, wired. The rifle is strapped to his back. He keeps the handgun ready. He peers under the tractor-trailer, looking for any sign of Billy. They reach the trap door. Jeff circles it, constantly keeping an eye on Red and Al. He hands the keys to Deke. JEFF
142) 7) text: I can't see. Jeff jabs the pistol at Red:    Tell him where the light is. RED
142) 24) text: (to Red) You better pray she's all right.
142) 31) text: I know, baby. It's okay.       They can't hurt you now. While Amy embraces him, Jeff keeps the gun on Red and the others. He gestures toward the cellar.
142) 38) dialog: Remember this moment, pretty boy. 'Cause whatever happens, no matter how far you run, I will hunt you down and kill you like a dog. Jeff stares back.       A beat, then:
143) 0) text: The first rays of sunlight are beginning to poke over the horizon. Jeff wheels the barn door shut and locks it.         He s running toward Red's house.
146) 0) text: Jeff enters. The place is ramshackle -- torn vinyl furniture, empty beer bottles scattered about. A tattered flag hangs on the wall. There's no one around. JEFF
146) 7) text: Hello! This is Jeff Taylor. I'm reporting an emergency... I don't know the address, the house belongs to a Red Barr -- I mean, Warren something... No, I don't know his name!
147) 0) text: Inside the truck cab, we catch a glimpse of Red behind the wheel, shouting something inaudible. Fragments of debris cling to the grille.
149) 0) text: Red puts the truck into a hard turn, circling for another run at the devastated trailer.
151) 0) text: Red sees Amy and Jeff flee the trailer and head for the utility pickup. He throws the Peterbilt into a turn.
151) 39) dialog: Sonofabitch -- He realizes:    The trailer's got no brakes.
151) 87) dialog: You think you can come into my life and fuck with me? Nobody fucks with me!
151) 100) dialog: You think you can fuck with me?! He headbutts Jeff viciously -- crack! Blood erupts from Jeff's nose and mouth. Red is about to deliver another blow when... ... the windshield falls away! The loose items in the cab plummet 300 feet to the canyon floor below. Jeff drops through the windshield opening. He clings to the center support column. His legs dangle over the hood. Red slips through the opening, his hand locking on the steering wheel at the last instant. The windshield sails away into the gorge.
151) 118) dialog: screams!
152) 0) text: Police cars and official vehicles are parked outside the house. RADIOS CHATTER. Yellow crime tape holds back onlookers and news reporters. Cops and evidence technicians work the scene. A criminalist photographs stolen property as it's carried out of the barn. A plainclothes FBI AGENT closes a cellphone and walks over to where Jeff and Amy are sitting at a picnic table. They are battered and bandaged. JEFF