2) 6) dialog: You smell like Listerine and beer. He snorts and kisses her cheek. Caroline reaches into her bag and takes out a handful of smooth white stones, on which she has painted the names: "Mom" "Tyler" "Les", "Dad", "Caroline". She begins to arr them in a little circle on the grave. Tyler's father... CHARLES ROTH, late fifties, breathes power, precisely dressed, two hundred dollar haircut. A predator.
3) 0) text: The family sits together in a booth. Tyler rolls a Bic lighter over his knuckles. Caroline draws a funny portrai Tyler on her napkin. He is smoking nine cigarettes at onc Diane gives the menu a ridiculous amount of attention. Le eyeing the Cheesecake. Charles subtly aligns his silverwa
3) 3) dialog: (gently) Mom. DIANE
3) 5) text: (to Caroline) Did you tell Tyler what your art teacher said about your portrait? Caroline, as bemused as an eleven year old can be, looks her mother, then at her brother. She adopts a very mother tone. CAROLINE
3) 7) text: Why no, Caroline. What did your art teacher say about your portrait? DIANE
3) 8) text: (smiling) You two. I quit. She flickers a glance at her ex husband and squeezes Les' hand. CAROLINE
3) 12) text: She suggested your sister take Pratt's Summer Art Intensive and that's hugely prestigious. Caroline looks a bit sheepish, Tyler high fives Caroline. Diane, again, flickers a glance at Charles. CAROLINE
3) 15) text: Caroline was speaking. TYLER
3) 16) text: (to Charles) Are you really this clueless? Are you really dismissing her like this? Diane touches Caroline's hair. CHARLES
3) 17) text: Caroline is perfectly capable of speaking up if she is feeling dismissed. Caroline, are you feeling dismissed? CAROLINE
3) 19) text: (solicitous, to Caroline) I didn't mean to change the subject. TYLER
3) 27) text: Do you need me to take you anywhere? Caroline shakes her head.
3) 28) dialog: I'll stay with mom. Diane glares at her ex-husband. Tyler rises and kisses his sister's forehead.
3) 30) dialog: Kay. He exits as Caroline sips her lemonade, avoiding everybod eyes.
7) 0) text: A TINTED TOWN CAR stops in-front of a funky corner browns where Caroline waits in a plaid jumper on the front steps THE DRIVER opens the back door of the car.
8) 0) text: Caroline in the cavernous backseat alone. Her pink knapsa her only company. The Town Car stops at a crosswalk for a GROUP OF CHILDREN jeans and tee- shirts on their way to a local Public Scho Caroline sees them through the tinted glass. They couldn' see her even if they wanted to.
10) 2) text: Why don't we make this a non- smoking statue? CAROLINE
10) 3) text: (emerging) Yeah, Tyler . Why don't we make this a non-smoking statue? He makes a face. CAROLINE
10) 5) text: I know. CAROLINE
10) 7) text: You think that would be the worst part about having emphysema? CAROLINE
10) 8) text: Everywhere you go, Tyler. Even the bathroom. Tyler takes a final drag. Tosses it on the ground. CAROLINE
10) 10) text: Dad loves you. Caroline gives him a look. CAROLINE
10) 11) text: So? You can love someone and not want to spend any time with them. Caroline is climbing around Alice. Her hands on Alice's h
10) 14) dialog: Mom loves Aunt Sara. But at Christmas, last year, she wouldn't let Les leave them in a room together 'cause she said there would be a "yule tide homicide."
10) 16) dialog: Duh.
10) 18) dialog: Michael used to drink.
10) 20) dialog: You're 21. Tyler's smile fades.
20) 0) text: It's just after three, Caroline emerges from school in a CLUSTER OF 6TH GRADE GIRLS. One of them dips her head tow Caroline's ear, as if to share a secret. Whatever she say makes Caroline's face crumble, almost to tears, and the g snicker. Tyler hops from his perch on a parked car. His bike leans a fire hydrant.
20) 2) text: Hey. He looks at the girls, sizing them up, and flicks his cigarette to the sidewalk, cool as hell. The girls have a group swoon. He takes Caroline by the elbow...
20) 4) dialog: What happened to your face?
20) 6) dialog: You're so retarded.
20) 10) dialog: Ooh. These are cool. Thanks! Where are we meeting mom?
20) 12) dialog: I just...they think I'm weird. Sometimes I sort of space out.
20) 14) dialog: Yeah. Other times too. Madamoiselle Fleischman had to snap her fingers at me a lot today. And everybody laughed and they all think I'm a freak of nature. Caroline takes a brief glance over her shoulder, towards school.
20) 17) dialog: What are you going to tell mom about your face?
23) 0) text: Caroline in art class amongst a sea of green plaid. The g work in relative silence, drawing, painting.
28) 9) text: I'm going to Queens and I don't wanna hear about it. Off she goes in the taxi. Tyler watches her go. 38   EXT. PRIVATE SCHOOL. THE LAST DAY OF SCHOOL. Caroline exiting with the crowd. One of the Bitchy girls shoulder checks her from behind as she passes. Tyler, wai on his perch, catches it, walks up to her.
28) 11) dialog: Finally.
29) 0) text: CHILDREN climbing all over the bronze statue. Caroline am them. She sits on a mushroom cap, letting her legs dangle Tyler watches her from their usual bench, his bike leanin next to him.
29) 1) dialog: They have me in this art program summer thing at Pratt...
29) 3) dialog: It's very prestigious due to my artistic greatness.
29) 7) text: A thing? CAROLINE
29) 9) text: Let me check my book. Abso-freaking- lutely. I'm camping out. I'm sleeping there the night before. Caroline is secretly thrilled. CAROLINE
29) 11) text: Good. I'm sure Les was... TYLER/CAROLINE
29) 12) text: "Really supportive"! CAROLINE
29) 14) text: Yes, it's over. Did Mom and Les get the beach house again? CAROLINE
29) 16) text: Nothing. CAROLINE
29) 18) text: No. CAROLINE
46) 29) text: I wish she'd told me. It was a unilateral Caroline decision. Will you make sausage and peppers? DIANE
47) 0) text: Tyler is sitting at the table in the darkened room with A standing behind him with her hands over his eyes. Caroline enters from the kitchen carrying Tyler's BIRTHDA CAKE. She has obviously decorated it herself. She has dra (as best as she could, given the medium) the characters f the ALICE statue in frosting. It reads "A VERY MERRY UNBIRTHDAY TO YOU", and has "22" i numerical candles and "+ 1 TO UNGROW ON" written next to that.
47) 2) dialog: Make a wish. He looks at her and blows out the candles. Everybody applauds, Diane longer than anyone else. Her eyes are shining.
48) 0) text: The cake totally devoured. Les is obsessively eating frosting. Caroline is trying to teach Aidan how to waltz in the liv room. He is...
48) 1) dialog: Retarded. Tyler? Tyler rises from the sofa and takes over as Caroline's partner. She puts her feet on top of his feet and they wa
48) 2) dialog: "One, two. three. One, two, three" Ally and Diane are washing dishes in silence. Beat.
49) 0) text: Caroline at her desk, sketching. Her door is ajar. Ally enters, mouth agape as she lays eyes on Caroline's collec of artwork on the walls.
49) 5) dialog: Don't worry, I'm not that impressionable. Ally smiles. Caroline goes back to work. Ally looks aroun all the portraits papering her walls. It stirs a memory.
49) 7) dialog: Mine too. The Met is one of my favorite places in the world.
49) 10) dialog: (skeptical)
49) 13) dialog: You're not random... you're Tyler's girlfriend. Ally has never heard anyone say it so plainly. She seems bit perplexed, then grins. It's okay with her.
52) 0) text: Amateur artwork and picked over catering. The rest of the exhibitors are high school age, even a college freshman o two. They mill with their friends and families. Animated. Ally and Aidan stand before a COLLECTION OF FAMILIAR PORTRAITS (Charles reading the paper at breakfast, Les an Diane kissing, Tyler on the park bench). Caroline sits on a catering table, Tyler next to her. She looks miserable, he looks furious. Diane bustles over wit plate of cupcakes and a big stupid grin.
52) 2) dialog: (to Tyler)
53) 19) text: Maybe not. Maybe Caroline doesn't either. Where would she have learned it?
55) 0) text: Raucous laughter. Caroline, Tyler, Les, Ally and Aidan ar the living room playing charades.
55) 2) text: (totally flabbergasted) I genuinely have no idea...are you having a seizure? CAROLINE
55) 6) text: Whose was that anyway? CAROLINE
55) 9) text: Me? Yeah, baby. CAROLINE
55) 14) dialog: A child could do Berlin Alexanderplatz, you spaz. Les snorts with laughter. Diane rises, dumping him to the floor.
57) 11) text: That's true, Tyler Roth, son of Charles and Diane. Brother of Caroline and Michael, deceased, suicide by hanging. You're kinda lost, aren't you? Taking a little vacation in coach before finding your way back to first class? TYLER
60) 0) text: Caroline and Diane walk up to the DOORMAN. Caroline carri gift, a sleeping bag. Diane smiles at her daughter.
60) 1) dialog: Stop smiling. You look insane. Diane can't help it try as she might.
61) 0) text: Caroline gives her gift to THE BIRTHDAY GIRL who smiles. follows her into the next room where the other PARTY GUES watch a movie. They all turn and look at Caroline. Caroline smiles sheepishly. Some of the MEAN GIRLS are th One of them gives her a perfunctory smile.
63) 0) text: The party girl's MOM is in a bathrobe. She looks horrifie she has one hand covering her mouth and is whispering int cell phone. Caroline is on the kitchen phone. Her long ha has been CUT TO PIECES while she slept. She is crying.
63) 1) dialog: (into the phone)
66) 0) text: Diane is on the house phone, preparing a tray of tea and cinnamon toast for Caroline as she talks.
66) 4) text: She's pretty traumatized. I wanted to pull some names together in case we all decide she should talk to someone... 92   INT. CAROLINE'S BEDROOM. Caroline and Tyler are lying on Caroline's bed. Her head nestled on his shoulder. She looks even tinier than usual Tyler is reading to her, softly, from The Book of Greek Myths, his other hand stroking her butchered hair. She looks pale, wasted. Her eyes are sunken and she's fighting sleep. A losing battle, she's exhausted. Her lid finally shutter to the sound of her brother's voice. Les, at the door, places the tray on Caroline's desk...
68) 0) text: Caroline asleep in her bed. Charles stands in the doorway watching her sleep, we get the feeling he hasn't seen her asleep in some time. Diane appears at his side.
69) 0) text: Caroline's TEACHER prepares her lesson plan. She starts t write the date on the board when The door opens. Caroline Tyler enter. The entire class is watching. It's dead quie Caroline puts her trembling hands in her pockets. Tyler looks at a few of the girls. They look back, unconcerned, almost amused. Tyler walks his sister to her desk.
69) 2) text: You okay? Caroline nods, although her eyes are brimming. As she sli out of her jacket, the contents of her pockets clatter noisily to the floor. Tyler immediately bends to help her
71) 0) text: Pin-drop silence. The students sit paralyzed. Tyler stare the Mean Girl. Her arrogance completely gone. Caroline st up at her brother, awestruck.
77) 0) text: Charles waiting on the doorstep, his Town Car waiting on curb. Diane answers the door expecting to find Caroline's driver, she's confused to find...
83) 0) text: That line of luxury cars dropping their daughters off. Charles' Town car rolls to a stop. Caroline gives him a k on the cheek. It registers, sort of. She gets out. Charle watches her all the way into the school. His DRIVER sees him watching Caroline in the rear view mirror. Charles gives the Driver a look "you're waiting for an invite?" The Driver peels out.
86) 0) text: Caroline drawing at her desk as her Teacher comes in and ready to start the day.
88) 0) text: Caroline's Teacher writes the date on the board as Caroli sits quietly doodling. The teacher looks her way.
93) 0) text: A door flies open. Caroline runs out into the empty hall, the exit.
96) 0) text: Caroline literally dragging Charles into the ROSE BUILDIN LINCOLN CENTER, while he yells into his cell phone.