2) 0) text: A cluster of MOURNERS stand before a tombstone in the distance. They are not in funeral dress, as this is not a funeral. It's a memorial. A beat up GYPSY CAB with a WEST INDIAN DRIVER pulls to a stop. From the trees and the sky we know its LATE SPRING/EARLY SUMMER. A gorgeous day. Tyler gets out of the cab, holding the rim of his empty coffee cup in his teeth. He sorts a rumpled wad of single and hands some to the driver, who screeches into reverse. Time is money. Tyler crushes the coffee cup flat and slips it in his jac pocket then lights up a smoke. He takes one long drag the extinguishes it and slips the butt into his pocket. He be towards the mourners. His mother... DIANE HOFFMAN, a beauty. Past burdens etche the lines on her face. Dressed tastefully in expensive bohemian. She smiles like someone who's been crying but doesn't want anyone to know she has.
2) 3) dialog: I'm fine... you look good... He kisses his mother's hand and he's moving to greet his stepfather... LES HOFFMAN, Unruly curls streaked in gray, tweed jacket tie. They exchange a firm handshake and muttered hellos.
3) 0) text: The family sits together in a booth. Tyler rolls a Bic lighter over his knuckles. Caroline draws a funny portrai Tyler on her napkin. He is smoking nine cigarettes at onc Diane gives the menu a ridiculous amount of attention. Le eyeing the Cheesecake. Charles subtly aligns his silverwa
3) 4) text: I forgot. I'm trying to purge "nice" from my vocabulary. Michael would like that we still do this. Tyler takes out a cigarette. Lights it. Without saying a his mother takes it and snubs it out in an empty water gl DIANE
3) 7) text: Why no, Caroline. What did your art teacher say about your portrait? DIANE
3) 11) text: Young Whistler... good... 'cause Whistler really fell off late in his career. He's the Michael Jackson of European art history. DIANE
3) 12) text: She suggested your sister take Pratt's Summer Art Intensive and that's hugely prestigious. Caroline looks a bit sheepish, Tyler high fives Caroline. Diane, again, flickers a glance at Charles. CAROLINE
3) 14) text: Tyler, would you please pass the butter? Beat. DIANE
3) 16) text: (to Charles) Are you really this clueless? Are you really dismissing her like this? Diane touches Caroline's hair. CHARLES
46) 3) dialog: Aidan, it's Diane. He blinks.
46) 7) dialog: You really have to fix that door. I'm so sorry to just show up. I called but your phone was busy. Aidan looks and realizes that the phone is indeed off the hook, as just the handset, wrapped in duct tape, is visib on top of the sofa.
46) 10) dialog: Hey. I'm so sorry honey. I tried to call but...
46) 14) text: Ally. It's lovely to met you. Just lovely. Diane is pumping Ally's hand like she's drilling for oil. TYLER
46) 15) text: Sit down, Mom. Can I get you something? She navigates the IKEA carnage and sits on the sofa, the joint smoldering in the ashtray in front of her. Aidan ev the gent, removes the ashtray to the window ledge. DIANE
46) 18) dialog: Thank you. AIDAN
46) 19) text: How's work, Diane? DIANE
46) 20) text: Well ... (BIG exhale) I just found housing for a family that had been in shelters for three weeks. So that's good. On the other hand, I have six other families. The women measure each other. DIANE
46) 24) text: Nice to meet you, Diane.
46) 26) text: Don't freaking bogart that joint, Diane.
46) 27) dialog: Sorry. She hands it back to him and Aidan and Ally climb away. Tyler sits next to his mom and lights a cigarette. DIANE
46) 29) text: I wish she'd told me. It was a unilateral Caroline decision. Will you make sausage and peppers? DIANE
46) 30) text: Of course. Tyler, Your father is driving me crazy. I shouldn't even be discussing this with you. I can't get him to say he'll come to your sister's exhibit. Her art exhibit. He says he's in the middle of an IPO. Tyler rubs his eyes. DIANE
46) 32) text: I'll get him there. DIANE
46) 35) dialog: You will?
46) 38) dialog: Thank you. Thank you. She kisses his cheek, and rises to go. He takes her to th door.
46) 39) dialog: Why don't you bring that lovely girl to your birthday?
46) 41) text: Diane...
46) 42) dialog: Sorry. Sorry. I love you, darling, but this place reeks of marijuana. She goes, shutting the door behind her. 60   EXT. ROOFTOP -- AFTER. Aidan and Ally on the roof, they've arranged themselves i the deck chairs.
48) 4) dialog: He was doing it to impress you. He's never washed a dish in his life.
52) 0) text: Amateur artwork and picked over catering. The rest of the exhibitors are high school age, even a college freshman o two. They mill with their friends and families. Animated. Ally and Aidan stand before a COLLECTION OF FAMILIAR PORTRAITS (Charles reading the paper at breakfast, Les an Diane kissing, Tyler on the park bench). Caroline sits on a catering table, Tyler next to her. She looks miserable, he looks furious. Diane bustles over wit plate of cupcakes and a big stupid grin.
52) 1) dialog: I brought you every flavor. Caroline looks once at her mom then...
55) 7) text: Mine. Whoops of laughter heretofore unheard in Montauk. DIANE
55) 10) text: Gross. Gross. Gross me out the door. She rises and flees into the kitchen. Les rolls over and up with his head in Diane's lap. He looks at her for a moment. LES
55) 11) text: You're just the prettiest girl. Diane beams at him. Tyler smiles at his mom and Les, then at Ally. Diane take deep look at her son. Her eyes shining. AIDAN
55) 16) dialog: I want five minutes with my child before she ceases to be a child and decides I'm ruining her life. On her way out, Diane pauses and gently pushes one of All stray curls behind her ear. Smiles down at her.
55) 17) dialog: Aren't you a treasure. Ally stares up at Diane for a beat, her eyes shining.
57) 11) text: That's true, Tyler Roth, son of Charles and Diane. Brother of Caroline and Michael, deceased, suicide by hanging. You're kinda lost, aren't you? Taking a little vacation in coach before finding your way back to first class? TYLER
60) 0) text: Caroline and Diane walk up to the DOORMAN. Caroline carri gift, a sleeping bag. Diane smiles at her daughter.
60) 3) dialog: I'm sorry, honey. I just... it's nice. Like an end of the summer send off. Caroline rolls her eyes.
60) 4) dialog: Have fun. Caroline goes into the lobby. Diane heads back to her car
66) 0) text: Diane is on the house phone, preparing a tray of tea and cinnamon toast for Caroline as she talks.
66) 2) dialog: Are you telling me, Ms. Spencer, that you intend to let those girls stay in your school?...Of course they're all sticking to the same story and that story is a load of crap!... She slams a cabinet closed as Les picks up the tray and W TRACK HIM down the hall to CAROLINE'S ROOM. Les is speaki on his cell phone.
66) 6) text: There's no witnesses and it didn't happen on school property. The school won't do anything. They'll probably get away with it... Tyler's eyes, registering anger and shock, jump from the as he hears this. 93   INT. FOYER. Diane opening the front door for Aidan and Ally. Aidan wr his arms around Diane and gives her a hug. Ally hangs bac bit, unsure, then embraces Diane. Tyler emerges from the hallway.
68) 0) text: Caroline asleep in her bed. Charles stands in the doorway watching her sleep, we get the feeling he hasn't seen her asleep in some time. Diane appears at his side.
68) 2) dialog: I think she'll be out for a while. Would you like to wait?
68) 4) dialog: I'll tell her. Diane looks at Charles. He's still watching his daughter.
77) 0) text: Charles waiting on the doorstep, his Town Car waiting on curb. Diane answers the door expecting to find Caroline's driver, she's confused to find...
77) 2) dialog: Charles?
77) 4) dialog: What are you doing here?
77) 6) text: Diane is speechless. This is a first.
77) 7) dialog: Um...OK...sure...yeah...great. She's not ready though, she's going to need at least twenty minutes.