0) 0) text: It's very late. It's quiet. Just the sounds of The City LINDA SANTANA CRAIG, an attractive Hispanic woman in her thirties, waits at the ELEVATED STATION for the F train. Linda looks great. She's dressed festively but tastefully Next to her is her eleven year old DAUGHTER, ALICIA. She twirling about the platform, still jazzed from the birthd party they attended in The City. Alicia wears a black dress with a pink cardigan and has a handbag. We notice a CHARM BRACELET with four-leaf clover her right wrist. The mother and daughter wait alone at one end of the stat platform. TWO TEENAGE BOYS wait at the other end. They speak soft, SLURRED SPANISH to each other. Linda gives the boys a glance and evaluates. She watches as Alicia spits a wad of gum into her mom's open hand. The Boys approach. Linda tenses. At the last second the b make a hard left turn and disappear down the stairwell. I quiet again. Linda relaxes, smiles at her daughter. The F TRAIN is rounding the final bend into the station. Their focus is on this train. It's getting closer, louder And so they don't see, don't hear the Boys coming back up stairwell behind them. Not until the boys have the mother and daughter boxed in the one who can hardly grow a mustache is showing them hi gun. Linda puts her arm around her daughter. Alicia looks terrified. The train roars INTO THE STATION as Linda quickly hands o her purse, her watch. She hands over her engagement ring her wedding band. One of the boys yanks Alicia's little purse away from her The other boy fumbles the wedding band. The ring CLANGS t the ground and rolls to a stop a few feet away. We hear MEN'S VOICES echoing up the stairwell. Now the Boys are boxed in. And starting to panic.
0) 3) text: When a HAND WITH TATTOOED KNUCKLES reaches out and stops car doors from closing. A forearm and gun extend out of that last subway car ... There's a muzzle flash... a distant POP... a cloud of smo ... a mist of blood... and Linda's body collapses on itse Alicia's face, shock, terror and blood. 2   EXT. SMITH STREET STATION -- LATER THAT NIGHT --   M. A WORKING CRIME SCENE, lots of uniforms and light, a whit sheet draped over Linda's body where it fell. BLUE AND RED LIGHT dances against the stairwell wall wher man is taking the stairs two at a time. Late thirties, bi plain clothes, he is SERGEANT JAMES CRAIG. When he reache the platform, he stops. Craig kneels before the white sheet. Peels it back. We st on him. We don't see what he sees. We just see how he see it. Then he turns... THE WEDDING BAND. It's been tagged and numbered as eviden Craig picks it right out of the chalk outline and slips i into his pocket. Alicia, wrapped in a blanket, standing next to a round po MATRON. The Matron is tenderly trying to clean Alicia's f Alicia locks eyes with Craig and stumbles towards him, he legs not quite working. Craig saves her from the stumble and envelops her, liftin her as the blanket falls to the ground. Alicia makes little gasping noises. Trying to speak but can't. Craig walking back now, carrying his entire world. He rea the stairwell and suddenly falls to one knee. Alicia gasp
1) 0) text: SUBTITLE: "Eight Years Later" Tiny kitchen, clutter, a MESSENGER BIKE hanging from hook the wall, a lot of books. There is a PHONE RINGING under bed. TYLER ROTH, early twenties, handsome, looking haggard. He sitting on the floor, shirtless, bed head, wrapped in a blanket. A GUITAR is on his lap. Tyler has propped some w worn, hand written pages of MUSIC against a box of off-br laundry detergent and is squinting at the notes, frustrat etched in his face. A forgettable BLONDE lies sleeping on the bed. Tyler, not a born musician, is trying to teach himself on the PHRASES OF MUSIC in front of him. He is completely lo in the moment, with DEEP GROOVES in his fingers. By the ASHTRAY next to him, we can tell he's been at this a coup of hours. The Blonde in the bed re: the ringing phone...
2) 0) text: A cluster of MOURNERS stand before a tombstone in the distance. They are not in funeral dress, as this is not a funeral. It's a memorial. A beat up GYPSY CAB with a WEST INDIAN DRIVER pulls to a stop. From the trees and the sky we know its LATE SPRING/EARLY SUMMER. A gorgeous day. Tyler gets out of the cab, holding the rim of his empty coffee cup in his teeth. He sorts a rumpled wad of single and hands some to the driver, who screeches into reverse. Time is money. Tyler crushes the coffee cup flat and slips it in his jac pocket then lights up a smoke. He takes one long drag the extinguishes it and slips the butt into his pocket. He be towards the mourners. His mother... DIANE HOFFMAN, a beauty. Past burdens etche the lines on her face. Dressed tastefully in expensive bohemian. She smiles like someone who's been crying but doesn't want anyone to know she has.
3) 0) text: The family sits together in a booth. Tyler rolls a Bic lighter over his knuckles. Caroline draws a funny portrai Tyler on her napkin. He is smoking nine cigarettes at onc Diane gives the menu a ridiculous amount of attention. Le eyeing the Cheesecake. Charles subtly aligns his silverwa
3) 8) text: (smiling) You two. I quit. She flickers a glance at her ex husband and squeezes Les' hand. CAROLINE
3) 9) text: ...She was very impressed. She said I captured a moment like a young James Whistler. The WAITRESS brings platefuls of extravagant cheesecake t the table. Les dives in. Charles is having toast. He sips glass of water and takes a surreptitious glance at his Pa Phillippe.
3) 12) text: She suggested your sister take Pratt's Summer Art Intensive and that's hugely prestigious. Caroline looks a bit sheepish, Tyler high fives Caroline. Diane, again, flickers a glance at Charles. CAROLINE
3) 13) text: I would be the youngest one, ever, practically... CHARLES
3) 16) text: (to Charles) Are you really this clueless? Are you really dismissing her like this? Diane touches Caroline's hair. CHARLES
3) 18) text: I'm okay. CHARLES
5) 0) text: Tyler in his pants and white tee shirt looks completely o of place amidst all the business types. He sits in the last booth facing the street. His tattered JOURNAL lies open in front of him, a BINDER CLIP holds hi page as he works quietly crafting an entry. The HOSTESS, tired, in her 60's, slides a piece of baklav the table as she shuffles past.
11) 6) text: "Eight Miles of Books!" TYLER
13) 20) text: (under his breath) God damn it. Aidan runs off after Tyler. Tyler jumps fully into the thick of it, swinging, grabbin the beefiest Neanderthal in a choke hold and pounding the guy's face. He fights like a pit bull. Not feeling, not stopping. Aidan gets punched in the face. Tyler elbows the nose of guy who punched Aidan and it spurts blood. Then someone h Tyler in the gut, and he doubles over and takes a knee to chin. The musicians get back to their feet and fight back It's a brawl.
14) 19) text: They didn't do anything. They didn't start this. Those assholes did. Why do these guys have to go downtown? CRAIG
19) 0) text: A row of floor-to-ceiling windows blocked by vertical bli Sunlight glows behind them. There's a lot of leather, bra and rich wood, breathing power. There's a flat screen computer, but no personal effects anywhere. Charles sits at his massive desk. As Tyler enters, Charle registers his injuries. A flicker of something over Charl face. Tyler stands.
22) 40) text: He's my roommate. And I've witnessed so many glaring examples of assaholic behavior that I'm biased as a subject, but I'm convinced that he has an aura, that people can actually perceive. So, just take a good long look. And tell me what you think? She looks at Aidan, briefly, who shifts to avoid her gaze Then she takes a peek at Tyler's profile. ALLY
29) 11) text: Good. I'm sure Les was... TYLER/CAROLINE
29) 14) text: Yes, it's over. Did Mom and Les get the beach house again? CAROLINE
30) 13) text: You know what never happens in this scene, Tyler-who-doesn't-really-go- to-school? Tyler-who-doesn't-really care-about-his-job? Tyler blinks helplessly. ALLY
30) 14) text: This. An entire enormous pot of pasta water up ended on the hos Bits of spaghetti cling to him, tiny tomatoes and zucchin his shoulders like little barnacles. He sputters and gasp and blinks. ALLY
44) 0) text: The place is empty. A few early RISERS get coffee to go. He sits in the same booth, his journal held open by the binder clip. He writes, a bag of Bialys next to him. Janine enters. Orders two coffees. She sees Tyler, smiles She picks up her coffees and approaches him.
45) 30) dialog: She didn't say.
46) 31) text: Les says I shouldn't broker. I should let them be on whatever road they're on. Beat. TYLER
47) 0) text: Tyler is sitting at the table in the darkened room with A standing behind him with her hands over his eyes. Caroline enters from the kitchen carrying Tyler's BIRTHDA CAKE. She has obviously decorated it herself. She has dra (as best as she could, given the medium) the characters f the ALICE statue in frosting. It reads "A VERY MERRY UNBIRTHDAY TO YOU", and has "22" i numerical candles and "+ 1 TO UNGROW ON" written next to that.
48) 0) text: The cake totally devoured. Les is obsessively eating frosting. Caroline is trying to teach Aidan how to waltz in the liv room. He is...
51) 0) text: An empty wine bottle. Charles cuts into a one-hundred dol steak.
52) 0) text: Amateur artwork and picked over catering. The rest of the exhibitors are high school age, even a college freshman o two. They mill with their friends and families. Animated. Ally and Aidan stand before a COLLECTION OF FAMILIAR PORTRAITS (Charles reading the paper at breakfast, Les an Diane kissing, Tyler on the park bench). Caroline sits on a catering table, Tyler next to her. She looks miserable, he looks furious. Diane bustles over wit plate of cupcakes and a big stupid grin.
53) 0) text: Charles in a meeting with several SUBORDINATES. Everyone in late night disarray. They are obviously on their way t pulling an all-nighter. The door to the office flies open Tyler barges in. Janine trailing.
53) 10) text: We can come back... The subordinates rise. CHARLES
53) 11) text: It's fine, Khaleel. They sit. There is still distance between the two men. Beat. CHARLES
53) 13) text: You, Mr. Roth. Beat. CHARLES
53) 16) text: We really can come back another... CHARLES
53) 17) text: Sit the fuck down. They sit. CHARLES
55) 0) text: Raucous laughter. Caroline, Tyler, Les, Ally and Aidan ar the living room playing charades.
55) 8) text: Okay, you. Bed. LES.
55) 10) text: Gross. Gross. Gross me out the door. She rises and flees into the kitchen. Les rolls over and up with his head in Diane's lap. He looks at her for a moment. LES
55) 11) text: You're just the prettiest girl. Diane beams at him. Tyler smiles at his mom and Les, then at Ally. Diane take deep look at her son. Her eyes shining. AIDAN
55) 15) dialog: Hey!
57) 11) text: That's true, Tyler Roth, son of Charles and Diane. Brother of Caroline and Michael, deceased, suicide by hanging. You're kinda lost, aren't you? Taking a little vacation in coach before finding your way back to first class? TYLER
58) 0) text: Ally heads down. Aidan heads up. He smiles wide.
60) 0) text: Caroline and Diane walk up to the DOORMAN. Caroline carri gift, a sleeping bag. Diane smiles at her daughter.
61) 0) text: Caroline gives her gift to THE BIRTHDAY GIRL who smiles. follows her into the next room where the other PARTY GUES watch a movie. They all turn and look at Caroline. Caroline smiles sheepishly. Some of the MEAN GIRLS are th One of them gives her a perfunctory smile.
65) 0) text: Aidan paces nervously. Craig appears in an apron. Aidan smiles.
66) 3) dialog: (sotto, into the phone)
66) 4) text: She's pretty traumatized. I wanted to pull some names together in case we all decide she should talk to someone... 92   INT. CAROLINE'S BEDROOM. Caroline and Tyler are lying on Caroline's bed. Her head nestled on his shoulder. She looks even tinier than usual Tyler is reading to her, softly, from The Book of Greek Myths, his other hand stroking her butchered hair. She looks pale, wasted. Her eyes are sunken and she's fighting sleep. A losing battle, she's exhausted. Her lid finally shutter to the sound of her brother's voice. Les, at the door, places the tray on Caroline's desk...
66) 5) dialog: (on the phone)
68) 0) text: Caroline asleep in her bed. Charles stands in the doorway watching her sleep, we get the feeling he hasn't seen her asleep in some time. Diane appears at his side.
69) 0) text: Caroline's TEACHER prepares her lesson plan. She starts t write the date on the board when The door opens. Caroline Tyler enter. The entire class is watching. It's dead quie Caroline puts her trembling hands in her pockets. Tyler looks at a few of the girls. They look back, unconcerned, almost amused. Tyler walks his sister to her desk.
73) 0) text: Charles standing in the waiting area. Tyler is led out by bailiff rubbing his wrists. He sees his father, his face registering surprise. Beat. The men walk together towards the exit in silence. Neithe looking at the other.
73) 10) text: Beat. Tyler deciding. Tyler nods. Charles appraises his son.
73) 12) text: Charles walks ahead, pulling out his cell phone. Tyler calls after him.
73) 14) text: Charles, without turning around,
76) 2) text: French toast. Tyler smiles as he takes his journal and exits.
77) 0) text: Charles waiting on the doorstep, his Town Car waiting on curb. Diane answers the door expecting to find Caroline's driver, she's confused to find...
77) 6) text: Diane is speechless. This is a first.
77) 8) text: Charles hates waiting.
81) 0) text: Tyler walks, approaches the Receptionist from the ashtray incident. He smiles pleasantly. She doesn't.
83) 0) text: That line of luxury cars dropping their daughters off. Charles' Town car rolls to a stop. Caroline gives him a k on the cheek. It registers, sort of. She gets out. Charle watches her all the way into the school. His DRIVER sees him watching Caroline in the rear view mirror. Charles gives the Driver a look "you're waiting for an invite?" The Driver peels out.
85) 0) text: Charles in traffic. All around him DRIVERS curse, honk, h each other. Charles rides, not letting it bug him.
89) 0) text: We're now looking at Tyler from just outside Charles' off window and we're PULLING BACK... Until we see Tyler framed in the window surrounded by eer familiar grey metal siding... Until we see can barely see Tyler and the base of a giant white antenna... Until we can no longer see Tyler as he's disappeared into composite of the building and we've pulled back far enoug reveal that Tyler is standing in a window on the... 92nd Floor of The North Tower of the World Trade Center. A moment of still perfect silence. The Towers. The blue s Then we hear the faint sound of AA Flight 11's ENGINES as closes in on the North Tower.
90) 0) text: Charles Roth steps out of his car. His gaze fixed skyward All around him the other DRIVERS mimic his behavior.
96) 0) text: Caroline literally dragging Charles into the ROSE BUILDIN LINCOLN CENTER, while he yells into his cell phone.