1) 0) text: SUBTITLE: "Eight Years Later" Tiny kitchen, clutter, a MESSENGER BIKE hanging from hook the wall, a lot of books. There is a PHONE RINGING under bed. TYLER ROTH, early twenties, handsome, looking haggard. He sitting on the floor, shirtless, bed head, wrapped in a blanket. A GUITAR is on his lap. Tyler has propped some w worn, hand written pages of MUSIC against a box of off-br laundry detergent and is squinting at the notes, frustrat etched in his face. A forgettable BLONDE lies sleeping on the bed. Tyler, not a born musician, is trying to teach himself on the PHRASES OF MUSIC in front of him. He is completely lo in the moment, with DEEP GROOVES in his fingers. By the ASHTRAY next to him, we can tell he's been at this a coup of hours. The Blonde in the bed re: the ringing phone...
1) 2) text: Hello? Tyler gropes around the floor with one hand until he find phone, simultaneously glancing at the digital clock. His widen in alarm.
1) 3) dialog: Yeah... (listens)
1) 4) text: Of course. I'm on my way. I know...I know...I know...I know. Tyler climbs out of his blanket and yanks on a pair of da suit pants. Before he pulls on his white undershirt we observe a TATTOO that simply says "Michael" over his hear
1) 6) dialog: Gandhi said that whatever you do in life will be insignificant but it is very important that you do it... ...And scrubs at a mysterious stain on the shoulder of an expensive but worn to hell suit jacket with a dishwasher brush.
1) 7) dialog: ...I tend to agree with the first part.
2) 0) text: A cluster of MOURNERS stand before a tombstone in the distance. They are not in funeral dress, as this is not a funeral. It's a memorial. A beat up GYPSY CAB with a WEST INDIAN DRIVER pulls to a stop. From the trees and the sky we know its LATE SPRING/EARLY SUMMER. A gorgeous day. Tyler gets out of the cab, holding the rim of his empty coffee cup in his teeth. He sorts a rumpled wad of single and hands some to the driver, who screeches into reverse. Time is money. Tyler crushes the coffee cup flat and slips it in his jac pocket then lights up a smoke. He takes one long drag the extinguishes it and slips the butt into his pocket. He be towards the mourners. His mother... DIANE HOFFMAN, a beauty. Past burdens etche the lines on her face. Dressed tastefully in expensive bohemian. She smiles like someone who's been crying but doesn't want anyone to know she has.
2) 1) dialog: (sweetly)
2) 5) dialog: Thanks for organizing everybody. Caroline makes a face. Turns her nose away from him.
2) 8) text: You couldn't wear a tie? Tyler holds his father's eye.
2) 9) dialog: Could have. Beat. Charles adjusts his own collar like it's an explosive. POV: The Tombstone. The four adult family members stand s by-side. They look like strangers on the subway as Caroli sits on the ground, arranging the stones.
3) 0) text: The family sits together in a booth. Tyler rolls a Bic lighter over his knuckles. Caroline draws a funny portrai Tyler on her napkin. He is smoking nine cigarettes at onc Diane gives the menu a ridiculous amount of attention. Le eyeing the Cheesecake. Charles subtly aligns his silverwa
3) 4) text: I forgot. I'm trying to purge "nice" from my vocabulary. Michael would like that we still do this. Tyler takes out a cigarette. Lights it. Without saying a his mother takes it and snubs it out in an empty water gl DIANE
3) 5) text: (to Caroline) Did you tell Tyler what your art teacher said about your portrait? Caroline, as bemused as an eleven year old can be, looks her mother, then at her brother. She adopts a very mother tone. CAROLINE
3) 6) text: Tyler, did I tell you what my art teacher said about my portrait? TYLER
3) 12) text: She suggested your sister take Pratt's Summer Art Intensive and that's hugely prestigious. Caroline looks a bit sheepish, Tyler high fives Caroline. Diane, again, flickers a glance at Charles. CAROLINE
3) 14) text: Tyler, would you please pass the butter? Beat. DIANE
3) 15) text: Caroline was speaking. TYLER
3) 19) text: (solicitous, to Caroline) I didn't mean to change the subject. TYLER
3) 23) dialog: The subject we were discussing. What was it? Beat.
3) 25) dialog: No. It's the perfect time. Charles makes a minute adjustment to his collar. Father and son lock eyes until...
3) 26) dialog: (whispering, to Caroline)
3) 29) dialog: Then I'll see you after school.
4) 0) text: Tyler standing although there are a few seats available. car window strobes behind him. He takes off his jacket an button down and ties them both around his waist.
5) 0) text: Tyler in his pants and white tee shirt looks completely o of place amidst all the business types. He sits in the last booth facing the street. His tattered JOURNAL lies open in front of him, a BINDER CLIP holds hi page as he works quietly crafting an entry. The HOSTESS, tired, in her 60's, slides a piece of baklav the table as she shuffles past.
5) 2) dialog: Yes, ma'am.
6) 0) text: Tyler and his roommate, AIDAN BREWER, 22, energetic, inappropriate, walking west towards N.Y.U. Young people i easy, summery dress. Tyler smokes. Aidan doesn't. Aidan remembers something, smirks.
6) 2) dialog: You sold my who? ...What?
6) 4) dialog: ...Congratulations?
6) 6) dialog: I was unaware we had a previous business venture.
6) 9) dialog: And you think women would buy this? With money?
6) 11) dialog: (nodding sagely) Of course. Yes.
6) 13) dialog: I'm down with getting you on some sort of medication.
6) 15) dialog: Or Denny's. Denny's was big in the 19th century.
9) 0) text: TYLER sits in the back of the room. Their PROFESSOR addre the few students paying attention.
10) 3) text: (emerging) Yeah, Tyler . Why don't we make this a non-smoking statue? He makes a face. CAROLINE
10) 4) text: You promised you'd quit... TYLER
10) 6) text: You're gonna get emphysema and then you're gonna have to drag an oxygen tank with you everywhere... TYLER
10) 8) text: Everywhere you go, Tyler. Even the bathroom. Tyler takes a final drag. Tosses it on the ground. CAROLINE
10) 9) text: Why do you think Dad doesn't wanna...like, listen to me? TYLER
10) 13) dialog: You've got that right.
10) 15) dialog: That's because Aunt Sara drinks... You don't drink, right?
10) 17) dialog: So why would anyone wanna avoid you? Caroline shrugs, not convinced. A silent moment passes.
10) 19) dialog: Yeah. He did. But Michael was 21. All 21 year olds drink because it's new and exciting. Aunt Sara drinks because she wishes she was 21. A shared smile.
11) 0) text: Tyler on a rolling ladder, shuffling books around. Aidan the floor, eating two pieces of pizza, folded down the middle, at the same time.
11) 2) dialog: I think I'd rather be sodomized.
11) 5) text: What's the point? How do you know where anything is in this place, anyway? There's like... AIDAN/TYLER
11) 6) text: "Eight Miles of Books!" TYLER
11) 8) text: No shit? TYLER
11) 10) text: This is why chicks dig you. Tyler laughs. AIDAN
11) 11) text: Seriously. They like this freaky poetic crap. I ran into Megan yesterday. She's bartending at Don Hill's tonight. She wants us to stop by. She practically begged me. TYLER
11) 12) text: Eh. Aidan, visibly frustrated with Tyler's reluctance, grabs rolling ladder and pushes Tyler into the Romance novels. TYLER
11) 17) dialog: You realize interventions typically discourage binge drinking?
11) 19) dialog: When's the last time you had one drink?
12) 0) text: A hip venue on Greenwich Street. Deejay. Music pumping. Aidan and Tyler make their way through the crowd to a congested bar where the CUTE BARTENDER is swamped.
12) 6) dialog: No no. Girls are like that when they're way into you.
12) 15) dialog: She's all over you. Cheers. They clink bottles.
13) 0) text: Tyler and Aidan stand with the girls from Aidan's photo opportunity. All are thoroughly intoxicated. There is a k of CLUB GOERS halfway down the block, drinking and having fine time.
13) 9) text: Michael...Mi-i-chael! Tyler turns towards the sound. It's as if he's trying to a train in the distance. His hand goes to his pocket and fishes out his pack of cigarettes. AIDAN'S GIRL
13) 11) text: Are you coming? Tyler's Girl looks at Tyler, who is still preoccupied. TYLER'S GIRL
13) 12) text: (to her friend) Hold on, Lauren. The girls step away. Tyler's Girl appears to be trying to convince her friend to stay. Aidan watches them, hopefull Tyler isn't watching them. He's watching two cool looking MUSICIANS, crossing the street with the LIGHT, carrying S EQUIPMENT. A quartet of NEANDERTHALS pulls up at the light in front them in a car, aggressive music playing. The Neanderthal the wheel has the brilliant idea to rev his engine and lu the car forward, startling the musicians, toying with the
13) 18) text: I'm from Queens, faggot A Neanderthal shoves one of the musicians, and the driver starts wailing on the other with the bat. Tyler watches a the Neanderthals overpower them. The altercation has turn into a full on assault. The Musicians are getting stomped into the pavement. TYLER'S GIRL
13) 19) text: So we were thinking we could go... Tyler walks right past the girl without even looking at h AIDAN
13) 20) text: (under his breath) God damn it. Aidan runs off after Tyler. Tyler jumps fully into the thick of it, swinging, grabbin the beefiest Neanderthal in a choke hold and pounding the guy's face. He fights like a pit bull. Not feeling, not stopping. Aidan gets punched in the face. Tyler elbows the nose of guy who punched Aidan and it spurts blood. Then someone h Tyler in the gut, and he doubles over and takes a knee to chin. The musicians get back to their feet and fight back It's a brawl.
14) 0) text: An AMBULANCE and TWO E.M.T.'S are on site. THE COMBATANTS from the brawl are lined up on the curb. SERGEANT JAMES CRAIG, a little older and heavier than whe first met him at the train station, is standing with the Girl, who is a mess. Her nose bloody, her dress torn. Craig shields the Girl with his body, listening carefully her and her friend as the two girls GESTURE ANGRILY at th Neanderthals. Craig's eyes flicker in the same direction. Craig's PARTNER, LEO, AFRICAN AMERICAN, a few years young is on the radio to Dispatch. Craig snaps his fingers at one of the E.M.T.'s and receiv blanket, which he carefully wraps around the girl. Then, his partner, indicating Tyler and Aidan...
14) 3) text: Take a walk. Tyler takes a beat, looking at the lineup. Aidan, rubbing wrists, gestures "Let's go". Tyler looks at the bloodied and... Craig, going through the pockets of Neanderthal #1.
14) 8) text: How about you two? Tyler, compelled, drawing closer to the action. MUSICIAN#1
14) 13) text: Alright. That's it. Everybody goes downtown. Tyler steps forward, interrupting... TYLER
14) 15) text: (sotto) Tyler... LEO
14) 16) text: (quietly, to the guys) Take a walk, I said. TYLER
14) 17) text: Hey! Craig, big angry Irish cop, turns to Tyler.
14) 20) text: What are you still doing here? TYLER
14) 21) text: This is bullshit. It was those gorillas who started this. Craig moves slowly toward Tyler and starts going through Tyler's pockets, roughly. He finds his wallet. Starts rif through. CRAIG
14) 22) text: Well, Mr. Roth. What makes you think I give a shit? TYLER
14) 23) text: You're a police officer. You're supposed to. What the hell? Craig looks from the guy he was frisking t Tyler's girl, wrapped in a blanket. She spits blood. He t a bit to Tyler. CRAIG
14) 24) text: It's a great relief to me, Mr. Roth, to know that you're on top of the situation. Now go the fuck home. He turns back to work. Tyler looks briefly at Aidan. Aidan looks desperate "Plea Let's get out of here!" Tyler TOUCHES CRAIG'S ELBOW. Aidan's jaw drops. Leo takes several silent steps in. Cra looks at his own elbow then looks at Tyler. The kid must out of his mind. TYLER
14) 25) text: How about you do your job? SLAM. Craig takes Tyler's legs out, driving his face into pavement, a GASH opens above Tyler's LEFT EYE. Tyler lies there dazed and disoriented as Craig, with one knee on Tyler's neck, crushes his face into the ground. He slaps cuffs on.
15) 0) text: Who knows what time it is. A lovely ASSORTMENT OF PERPETRATORS, Tyler and the musicians are in lockup. Everybody looks like shit. Tyler sits on a bench in the holding cell, looking quite relaxed. The lock up door slides open and Aidan is returned to the perch. The ESCORTING OFFICER shouts across the din to Tyl
15) 2) dialog: I'm good. The door slides shut behind Aidan.
15) 5) dialog: That was a messed up situation. Those guys... He cups his hands to make a megaphone...
15) 6) dialog: ...Are pussies! From Off Screen a chorus of:
15) 10) dialog: There was no justice in that situation.
15) 15) dialog: Did you just say "nihilistic"?
17) 0) text: Tyler and his messed up face on his feet in the waiting a English Club chairs, green baize on the walls. A RECEPTIO types away across the room. Tyler takes out a cigarette. Lights it. Draws the ire of...
17) 2) dialog: So what's with the ash tray?
17) 4) dialog: Tease.
18) 0) text: Tyler follows Janine down the corridor. She looks him up down, doesn't like what she sees.
18) 2) dialog: Nice to see you too.
18) 5) dialog: Okay. Tyler bangs through the doors. Janine grimaces.
19) 0) text: A row of floor-to-ceiling windows blocked by vertical bli Sunlight glows behind them. There's a lot of leather, bra and rich wood, breathing power. There's a flat screen computer, but no personal effects anywhere. Charles sits at his massive desk. As Tyler enters, Charle registers his injuries. A flicker of something over Charl face. Tyler stands.
19) 1) dialog: I came to see how much it costs, because I'm giving you the money back.
19) 4) dialog: That lawyer. Beat.
19) 6) dialog: Christ.
19) 8) dialog: I wanted to make sure you understood it wasn't me who called you.
19) 10) dialog: I don't want to be bailed out of anything. Charles looks at his son.
19) 11) dialog: I'll get an invoice from Janine. Tyler leaves, slamming the door behind him. 23   INT. HALLWAY. Tyler stops, catching himself, realizing the emptiness of gesture. He looks up and sees Janine looking at him. 24   INT. WALL STREET COFFEE SHOP -- AFTER. Tyler in the same booth, surrounded by a commotion of businessmen and women. He's writing in his Journal, his f tapping fast. We see the very act of writing eases him, loosening his strangled grip on the pen, slowing down the manic rhythm of his foot.
20) 0) text: It's just after three, Caroline emerges from school in a CLUSTER OF 6TH GRADE GIRLS. One of them dips her head tow Caroline's ear, as if to share a secret. Whatever she say makes Caroline's face crumble, almost to tears, and the g snicker. Tyler hops from his perch on a parked car. His bike leans a fire hydrant.
20) 1) dialog: (to Caroline)
20) 3) dialog: Excuse us, we're due in surgery. He gets his bike and leads her down the block, towards Fi Avenue.
20) 5) dialog: Horrible threshing accident.
20) 7) dialog: Don't mock the afflicted. Here, I brought you something. He hands her the book of Myths.
20) 8) dialog: This was my favorite book ever. Michael had it and he hit me over the head with it until I read it. Its about all these God and Goddesses who spend all of their time being jealous and petty and otherwise acting like human beings. The illustrations are amazing. Caroline opens the book carefully and has a peek. She smi
20) 11) dialog: Guggenheim. What's up with those girls?
20) 13) dialog: When you're drawing?
20) 15) dialog: Je m'appelle "Freak of Nature." Caroline smirks.
20) 16) dialog: Mon dieu, mon soeurette! Je m'appelle "Freak of Nature". Sacre Bleu. French Toast.
20) 18) dialog: I finally found something I'm good at?
22) 0) text: Tyler, again with the guitar. Aidan enters, excited.
22) 2) dialog: Who?
22) 4) dialog: Revenge. What do you want me to do, kidnap her?
22) 6) dialog: What does that mean?
22) 9) dialog: You should be incarcerated on general principle.
22) 11) dialog: I don't want to get that asshole.
22) 13) dialog: I don't want to meet her.
22) 15) dialog: I don't care.
22) 17) dialog: I'm not meeting her.
22) 19) dialog: This is one of those moments I'm already regretting.
22) 24) text: There. The brunette. Tyler watches her settle into a couch with a big cup of coffee. TYLER
22) 26) text: There you go! Something to open with. Now get over there. Tyler sighs, begins toward Ally.
22) 28) dialog: Excuse me? Ally briefly looks up from her book. TYLER
22) 29) text: My name's Tyler Roth. I was wondering if I could bother you for a minute? He gives her a charming smile. ALLY
22) 30) text: You're already bothering me. Beat. The smile usually works. TYLER
22) 33) text: What are you, kidding me? Tyler is genuinely taken aback. TYLER
22) 35) text: Anonymous. It's Greek. It means "you don't have a shot". A surprised laugh escapes from Tyler. TYLER
22) 36) text: Okay, Anonymous, do you see the guy across the room, pretending to read a text book, looking in this general direction? Aidan holds a MATH TEXTBOOK at an awkward angle to mask h obvious interest in Ally and Tyler's conversation. ALLY
22) 37) text: Subtle. TYLER
22) 39) text: Ah. TYLER
22) 40) text: He's my roommate. And I've witnessed so many glaring examples of assaholic behavior that I'm biased as a subject, but I'm convinced that he has an aura, that people can actually perceive. So, just take a good long look. And tell me what you think? She looks at Aidan, briefly, who shifts to avoid her gaze Then she takes a peek at Tyler's profile. ALLY
22) 43) dialog: No one here. The parameters called only to sample attractive women in their early twenties.
22) 45) dialog: In their late teens. (beat)
22) 47) dialog: Or you could just go out with me on the off chance we'd have an interesting conversation.
22) 49) dialog: Indeed they are. Lucky for you, I'm undecided.
22) 51) dialog: Everything. Tyler smiles. Ally tries to hide a smile. She closes her and extends her hand.
24) 1) dialog: Hey. It's Tyler.
24) 4) dialog: You're going to stand me up. I can feel it in my bones. I'll be devastated.
24) 6) dialog: You were just sitting around in your pajamas watching T.V.
24) 9) dialog: Eight.
25) 0) text: A hole in the wall Lower East Side Thai restaurant. Tyler Ally sit together perusing menus. A WAITER approaches.
25) 4) text: Great, I'll have that. A glass of skim milk. Then the mussels, please. Tyler and the Waiter share a look. TYLER
25) 6) text: I have my dessert first. TYLER
25) 8) text: I just don't see the point in waiting for something I know I want and am going to have. What if I die eating my mussels? TYLER
25) 10) text: It's possible. If an embolism burst or an asteroid hit the restaurant, I'd die without having eaten the thing I wanted most. TYLER
25) 12) text: Fine. I'll tell you what, you guarantee me. Swear to me on your eternal soul that I'll make it through my entrГ©e. And I'll wait. Tyler goes to answer. Ally holds up a hand.
25) 19) dialog: You had a nice time or you're having a nice time? Ally considers.
25) 20) dialog: Because if you're having one, why rush to end it?
26) 2) dialog: Did I tell you I'm Caucasian?
26) 6) dialog: No. If I stop, he wins.
26) 8) dialog: No, the frigging Giant Panda. Tyler hands the ATTENDANT another dollar.
27) 0) text: Ally carries a GIANT PANDA under her arm. Tyler walking beside her with a self-satisfied smile.
27) 2) dialog: I won.
27) 4) dialog: I just paid a premium to cut out the middle man. That's innovation. That's free market enterprising. That's what made America great.
27) 6) dialog: Oh, it's nothing, just a bar fight.
27) 9) dialog: I know. I'm practically a pirate.
27) 11) dialog: (laughing)
27) 14) dialog: I'll walk you to the train.
28) 0) text: Tyler is just hailing her a taxi. He stands there holding door open.
28) 5) dialog: So dessert before dinner for fear of death by rogue asteroid... yes. Kissing guy you're obviously attracted to before driving off into the unknown New York night... no.
28) 9) text: I'm going to Queens and I don't wanna hear about it. Off she goes in the taxi. Tyler watches her go. 38   EXT. PRIVATE SCHOOL. THE LAST DAY OF SCHOOL. Caroline exiting with the crowd. One of the Bitchy girls shoulder checks her from behind as she passes. Tyler, wai on his perch, catches it, walks up to her.
28) 10) dialog: Happy end of sixth grade!
29) 0) text: CHILDREN climbing all over the bronze statue. Caroline am them. She sits on a mushroom cap, letting her legs dangle Tyler watches her from their usual bench, his bike leanin next to him.
29) 2) dialog: I heard.
29) 4) dialog: Don't pretend. I know you're proud. You should be. Caroline allows herself a tiny grin.
29) 6) text: There's, like, a thing... TYLER
29) 8) text: (sheepish) A show where you show what you've done and stuff. Will you come? TYLER
29) 10) text: You're so retarded. Mom's been hyperventilating with joy. TYLER
29) 11) text: Good. I'm sure Les was... TYLER/CAROLINE
29) 13) text: Your school's over, right? TYLER
29) 15) text: Yup. What are we going to do for your birthday? TYLER
29) 17) text: Can we have a party? TYLER
29) 19) text: A little one? At Mom's? With Aidan. I'll make Mom behave. No crying. TYLER
29) 23) dialog: I know. But we have coasters.
29) 26) dialog: That's Michael. My brother.
29) 28) dialog: Not any more. Ally notices the old guitar in the corner.
29) 30) dialog: It depends who you ask.
29) 32) dialog: They'd say no. I try but it turns out you need talent.
29) 35) dialog: Falconry. I come from a long line of falconers.
29) 37) dialog: Well there is one thing... Tyler walks to the kitchen counter where a cleaned and polished COVERED CAKE STAND sits.
29) 39) dialog: Our appetizer. Tyler lifts off the cover to reveal a GERMAN CHOCOLATE CA He's written a message in the icing: "In Case Of Ast-- an then a piece has been crudely cut out. Ally's surprised.
29) 40) dialog: It used to say "In Case Of Asteroid" but I took a shower and Aidan got high.
30) 0) text: Ally and Tyler stand in front of a sink full of dirty dis up to their elbows in soapy water.
30) 2) dialog: I don't actually get grades. Beat.
30) 3) dialog: I'm not technically enrolled. I worked out an auditing thing.
30) 6) text: I like the books. He indicates the dishes. TYLER
30) 9) text: This is the playful, you get me all wet part? Right? TYLER
30) 11) text: It is cheap. I've seen this scene a hundred times. Tyler's a little confused. TYLER
30) 13) text: You know what never happens in this scene, Tyler-who-doesn't-really-go- to-school? Tyler-who-doesn't-really care-about-his-job? Tyler blinks helplessly. ALLY
31) 0) text: Tyler bursts through the bathroom door. Ally over his shoulder. Never one to waste a moment, she uses the opportunity to check out what's in his wallet. He turns o the shower. She has his drivers licence.
31) 1) dialog: Apologize.
31) 3) dialog: Apologize.
31) 5) dialog: I surrender! Oh my God, you're relentless.
32) 0) text: Tyler and Ally lie side-by-side, drenched. Their feet han over the edge of the tub. Tyler reaches into his pocket a removes a dripping cigarette packet. He squeezes out wate
32) 1) dialog: Now... I'm furious. He tosses them in a waste basket.
32) 3) dialog: Really? Why? Are cigarettes like bad for you or something? Ally playfully slaps him. She notices the tip of Tyler's TATTOO peeking out of his undershirt.
32) 5) dialog: It's not really...
32) 8) dialog: He killed himself. Beat.
32) 10) text: When? TYLER
32) 11) text: When he was 21. He had just started working for my father. Ally is gently picking spaghetti and tomatoes off Tyler. ALLY
32) 12) text: I thought he was a musician. TYLER
32) 15) text: Damn, you're not naked. TYLER
32) 17) text: T, What happened in the kitchen? It looks like somebody's water broke. (notices Ally) Hi. TYLER
32) 23) text: Wait. What? Tyler and Ally laugh. Aidan's too drunk to care.
32) 29) dialog: (to Aidan)
33) 0) text: Ally VOMITS in their toilet. Tyler holds her hair back. A appears in the doorway still wearing that flag.
33) 5) text: You want me to apologize for showing a nice girl a good time? Is that it? Tyler just looks at him. Aidan considers.
33) 9) dialog: Oh. OK. Sure. Tyler pulls out her cellphone - the battery is dead.
33) 10) dialog: Your phone's dead. Just tell me the number and I'll call him... Tyler turns around to find Ally passed out on the floor. tries to gently nudge her awake.
33) 11) dialog: Ally? Ally?
35) 0) text: Tyler sleeps on the couch using Aidan's Irish Flag as a blanket. Ally comes in pulling on her shoes. Tyler stirs time to see her run out the door.
37) 0) text: Sunshine beats down on a little make-shift rooftop hideaw a few old beach chairs, a stereo, a weight bench. Aidan w out with an old set of dumb bells. Tyler sits on a beach chair, trying again with the guitar.
37) 3) dialog: You were the one dumping Jello shots down her throat. You almost killed her. Aidan lies down to do the bench press... there's a lot of weight on the bar.
37) 8) dialog: Penance. I have to get to work.
38) 0) text: Tyler and Aidan come into their apartment, Aidan still rubbing his chest. Ally is standing there in the middle o the living area. A packed bag at her feet, her face a mes
39) 0) text: Aidan sits on the couch still in his gym clothes drinking protein shake out of a blender. Tyler comes out of his bedroom gently closing the door behind him.
39) 2) dialog: She's pretty shaken up. Tyler takes a seat beside him. Takes out a cigarette.
39) 3) dialog: We've really got to fix that dead bolt.
39) 5) dialog: Don't be. You think she'll sleep?
39) 10) dialog: I told her she could stay here... Are you alright with that?
40) 0) text: Tyler has just finished making up the ratty sofa as a bed Ally appears from the bedroom, framed by the open door. S has slept in one of Tyler's button down shirts.
40) 1) dialog: You're up. Beat.
40) 2) dialog: Can I get you anything? She nods.
40) 3) dialog: I'll be out here if you need me. Beat. Ally takes off the shirt and lets it fall. She stands there.
41) 0) text: We interrupt Ally and Tyler in the throes of passion. Tyl sits on the edge of the bed. Ally is on top. She kisses h neck. Suddenly, Tyler throws her to the bed. He takes control. Ally's momentarily taken aback, but doesn't stop him. There's noticeable aggression to their love-making.
42) 0) text: The sheets have been torn loose from the mattress. Ally l asleep, curled in the comforter. Tyler lies awake beside he smokes a cigarette and watches the sky just starting t brighten. Tyler gets out of bed. Grabs his journal. A NOTE propped up next to the bed: "Please don't leave. I be back."
43) 0) text: Tyler locking his bike outside the coffee shop.
44) 0) text: The place is empty. A few early RISERS get coffee to go. He sits in the same booth, his journal held open by the binder clip. He writes, a bag of Bialys next to him. Janine enters. Orders two coffees. She sees Tyler, smiles She picks up her coffees and approaches him.
44) 2) text: Tyler looks up, grins, nods to her coffees.
44) 3) dialog: It's not so far. I can't believe you still get his coffee... three sugars, no milk?
44) 7) dialog: Not today.
45) 0) text: Tyler returns with breakfast. From Aidan's room, a pathet croak...
45) 2) dialog: Hey...
45) 5) dialog: Downtown.
45) 7) text: Why? Tyler pulls his JOURNAL from his pocket. Hands it to her. TYLER
45) 9) text: New York is full of coffee shops. TYLER
45) 11) text: Oh. So you go there to write? To him? TYLER
45) 13) text: My mom was murdered eight years ago. The same year your brother died. Tyler is stunned. ALLY
45) 17) text: I don't want you to think that because I'm here he's some kind of belligerent psychotic, he's not...I don't know, it's just recently, he seems really... She looks at Tyler's face. His eyes are so patient. Ally tears up.
46) 9) dialog: Hey mom.
46) 11) dialog: It's okay. Mom, this is Ally. Ally, this is my mom, Diane.
46) 14) text: Ally. It's lovely to met you. Just lovely. Diane is pumping Ally's hand like she's drilling for oil. TYLER
46) 21) text: But Tyler, I wanted to talk to you. ALLY
46) 28) text: Well, first, your sister is all excited about your birthday at the house. I wish you'd told me. TYLER
46) 30) text: Of course. Tyler, Your father is driving me crazy. I shouldn't even be discussing this with you. I can't get him to say he'll come to your sister's exhibit. Her art exhibit. He says he's in the middle of an IPO. Tyler rubs his eyes. DIANE
46) 31) text: Les says I shouldn't broker. I should let them be on whatever road they're on. Beat. TYLER
46) 33) text: She cares about this, even though she's pretending she doesn't. TYLER
46) 37) dialog: Yes. She looks relieved.
46) 40) dialog: (a warning)
46) 62) dialog: It's about Caroline's show. Are you planning on attending?
46) 64) dialog: Caroline's show.
46) 66) dialog: (ready to kill him)
46) 70) dialog: Dinner? That's not...
47) 0) text: Tyler is sitting at the table in the darkened room with A standing behind him with her hands over his eyes. Caroline enters from the kitchen carrying Tyler's BIRTHDA CAKE. She has obviously decorated it herself. She has dra (as best as she could, given the medium) the characters f the ALICE statue in frosting. It reads "A VERY MERRY UNBIRTHDAY TO YOU", and has "22" i numerical candles and "+ 1 TO UNGROW ON" written next to that.
48) 2) dialog: "One, two. three. One, two, three" Ally and Diane are washing dishes in silence. Beat.
50) 0) text: Tyler wearing the suit we met him in, it's been dry-clean Ally emerges from the bathroom, looking gorgeous in a vin black cocktail dress and carrying a pink wrap.
50) 2) dialog: Let's just skip dinner and I'll tell you how great you look in like eighteen different languages.
50) 4) dialog: I was going to make a joke about how I'm not prepared for the commitment of exchanging accessories and how neck wear especially is a slippery slope, but I should probably shut up and say thank you.
50) 7) dialog: Have you ever been here? Ally tries to lighten his mood.
50) 9) text: Yeah. Every Tuesday with my pop. This goes right past Tyler whose eyes flicker towards the door again.
50) 10) dialog: He's allowed to stand me up. But he's not allowed to stand you up. Or my sister. Tyler finishes his drink, signals a WAITER who glides to table.
50) 11) dialog: I'll have a whiskey.
50) 15) dialog: This is Alicia Craig. Ally, my father, Charles Roth. Charles gives a courtly nod and takes her hand.
51) 10) dialog: Dad's a Yankee fan. It has something to do with the payroll.
51) 12) dialog: Blind familial allegiance. I didn't know what overpriced, overfed, fat bastards they were.
51) 15) dialog: (right back at him) It's a metaphor... Charles adjusts his tie and goes back to his steak.
51) 16) dialog: Roger Clemens. Charles looks at his son. Puts his fork down. Silence at the table. Back to the steak. Beat.
51) 33) dialog: Why are you saying this now?
51) 40) dialog: God. Charles returns. His face blank.
51) 41) dialog: Don't say it.
51) 43) dialog: You have somewhere else to be, Dad. Charles adjusts his tie. Tyler loosens his. Ally is unsure where to look.
51) 45) dialog: I don't believe you.
51) 47) dialog: It's not good enough.
52) 0) text: Amateur artwork and picked over catering. The rest of the exhibitors are high school age, even a college freshman o two. They mill with their friends and families. Animated. Ally and Aidan stand before a COLLECTION OF FAMILIAR PORTRAITS (Charles reading the paper at breakfast, Les an Diane kissing, Tyler on the park bench). Caroline sits on a catering table, Tyler next to her. She looks miserable, he looks furious. Diane bustles over wit plate of cupcakes and a big stupid grin.
52) 3) text: I'm ready to go home now. Tyler nods, takes her hand. Calls to...
52) 4) dialog: Ally...? Les, eating a cupcake, and Ally, stand under a portrait o Charles. Ally picks up her purse. Diane standing there wi her cupcakes.
52) 7) dialog: I have something I've got to do.
52) 10) dialog: Are you capable of taking care of yourself for an hour? Do you need me here every minute, or what? He slams out. Ally looks like she's been slapped.
53) 0) text: Charles in a meeting with several SUBORDINATES. Everyone in late night disarray. They are obviously on their way t pulling an all-nighter. The door to the office flies open Tyler barges in. Janine trailing.
53) 3) dialog: She drew you a picture.
53) 5) dialog: You have a daughter who sincerely believes you don't like her.
53) 7) dialog: Don't you at least want to know her? She's telling you something, Dad. She's communicating. Why aren't you riveted? Why isn't this the most important thing? At least for one night of your life?
53) 9) text: I've heard this song before, Tyler. SUBORDINATE#1
53) 12) text: Who is this display for? TYLER
53) 14) text: She knows I will take care of her. TYLER
53) 18) text: And that I love her. I love her. Good God, you toss that word around like currency. You have no idea what it means. TYLER
53) 22) dialog: That does not mean you're allowed to shatter it whenever there's something better to do.
53) 24) dialog: You didn't find him. I found him. And you're so tragically blind, the rest of your children are going to hang themselves on your watch. Charles goes, snarling, for his son, and Tyler is more th willing. Janine and one of the Subordinates get between them.
55) 0) text: Raucous laughter. Caroline, Tyler, Les, Ally and Aidan ar the living room playing charades.
55) 5) text: You people are culturally bankrupt. TYLER
55) 11) text: You're just the prettiest girl. Diane beams at him. Tyler smiles at his mom and Les, then at Ally. Diane take deep look at her son. Her eyes shining. AIDAN
56) 0) text: Tanned and rejuvenated, Ally, Tyler, and Aidan sit togeth on the train back to the city. Ally and Tyler kiss. Aidan watches them.
56) 2) dialog: What?
56) 8) text: I've had all the races. I've been with girls from every...race. Ally laughs. TYLER
56) 18) text: A Latin girl actually slept with you? What's her name? She's out of the club. Tyler is laughing. Ally thinks for a moment. ALLY
56) 19) text: Eskimo. Aidan gives a satisfied smile. TYLER/ALLY
56) 23) text: You slept with an Eskimo? TYLER
56) 28) text: "Inuit, bum buh bum, I'm banging an Inuit, bum buh bum buh bum..." Ally and Tyler collapse in laughter as Craig's Partner pa He notices Ally immediately. She doesn't see him. He take long look at Tyler as he follows his wife and kids into t next car. ALLY
56) 33) text: Tyler, are you coming? TYLER
57) 0) text: Tyler, his bag on his shoulder, returning home, fishing i his pocket for his keys. He sings the Inuit song to himself...
57) 1) dialog: bum buh bum bum buh bum buh bum... His front door is unlocked. Tyler freezes. Takes a beat. Scans the room, silently dropping his bag. He reaches behind him for the aluminium against the door. Wielding it, he takes two steps into th apartment. Craig, in plain clothes, sitting on Tyler's bed, amidst t carnage of Tyler's stuff. He has been rifling through everything. The guitar is propped haphazardly against the wall. Craig looks up. The men lock eyes. Craig's eyes go to the bat. Tyler leans it slowly against the wall. Beat.
57) 3) dialog: What are you doing in my house? Craig's eyes flash.
57) 5) dialog: She's not here now. She's at the library. Craig's face says it: "Bullshit".
57) 7) dialog: No.
57) 9) text: I didn't think so. I figured you'd probably leave that up to me when you're done with her. Craig's face, like his wife's so many years ago, is pure contempt. With his body at this angle, Tyler can now see gun. TYLER
57) 11) text: That's true, Tyler Roth, son of Charles and Diane. Brother of Caroline and Michael, deceased, suicide by hanging. You're kinda lost, aren't you? Taking a little vacation in coach before finding your way back to first class? TYLER
57) 12) text: I'm the one she came to when you used her face as a punching bag. Craig closes the distance. From Tyler's P.O.V he looks like a freight train. In a flash, he gets Tyler in a choke hold, flips him on h back on the bed and puts his hands around Tyler's throat. Silence, except for exertion. Tyler's hands are on Craig's wrists. He is holding Craig' eye. His face is starting to turn colors. Beat. Beat. TYLER
57) 13) text: She needs you. It travels between the two men. Craig grappling with it, although he still has his hands at Tyler's throat. Craig drops his hands, pushes himself off Tyler Tyler rolls to one side, coughing and gagging. Craig leans against the wall for support.
57) 19) dialog: Your dad was here.
57) 22) dialog: When I got home.
57) 24) text: I hate him! She lunges for the phone. Tyler stops her hand. TYLER
57) 25) text: There's more. She looks like she's starting to panic. TYLER
57) 27) text: I don't understand. TYLER
57) 28) text: I mouthed off to him. He ... responded. Then Aidan saw you guys together at school. She isn't quite getting it. TYLER
57) 29) text: Aidan suggested...I...introduced myself to you. She's got it. Beat. TYLER
57) 31) text: I'm going to be sick. She bolts from the chair to the sink and dry heaves. Tyle reaches out to comfort her. TYLER
57) 32) text: Hey. She reels around and cracks him across the face. Not like chick. Like her dad. The sound hangs in the air. Ally goes to the bedroom and starts throwing her stuff in bag. Tyler follows her.
57) 34) dialog: Don't do that. What are you doing?
57) 36) dialog: Yeah. He doesn't.
57) 38) dialog: But it doesn't mean anything. I didn't mean to hurt you,
66) 4) text: She's pretty traumatized. I wanted to pull some names together in case we all decide she should talk to someone... 92   INT. CAROLINE'S BEDROOM. Caroline and Tyler are lying on Caroline's bed. Her head nestled on his shoulder. She looks even tinier than usual Tyler is reading to her, softly, from The Book of Greek Myths, his other hand stroking her butchered hair. She looks pale, wasted. Her eyes are sunken and she's fighting sleep. A losing battle, she's exhausted. Her lid finally shutter to the sound of her brother's voice. Les, at the door, places the tray on Caroline's desk...
66) 6) text: There's no witnesses and it didn't happen on school property. The school won't do anything. They'll probably get away with it... Tyler's eyes, registering anger and shock, jump from the as he hears this. 93   INT. FOYER. Diane opening the front door for Aidan and Ally. Aidan wr his arms around Diane and gives her a hug. Ally hangs bac bit, unsure, then embraces Diane. Tyler emerges from the hallway.
66) 8) dialog: (to Diane)
67) 0) text: Tyler alone on the top stair, taking long pulls from a cigarette. Ally comes out the front door, softly closes i behind her.
67) 1) dialog: Last one ever. I swear.
67) 3) dialog: I know you're not here for me but, thank you for being here. A silent moment passes.
67) 4) dialog: For what it's worth, I think you're amazing.
67) 6) dialog: I'm sorry.
67) 9) dialog: She's sleeping. Diane emerges from the house. Charles strides quickly tow her.
69) 0) text: Caroline's TEACHER prepares her lesson plan. She starts t write the date on the board when The door opens. Caroline Tyler enter. The entire class is watching. It's dead quie Caroline puts her trembling hands in her pockets. Tyler looks at a few of the girls. They look back, unconcerned, almost amused. Tyler walks his sister to her desk.
69) 1) dialog: (to Caroline, whispering)
69) 2) text: You okay? Caroline nods, although her eyes are brimming. As she sli out of her jacket, the contents of her pockets clatter noisily to the floor. Tyler immediately bends to help her
71) 0) text: Pin-drop silence. The students sit paralyzed. Tyler stare the Mean Girl. Her arrogance completely gone. Caroline st up at her brother, awestruck.
72) 0) text: TYLER locked up among CRACK HEADS and PETTY CROOKS on a d bench with his hands behind his head and a bemused smirk. BAILIFF approaches the holding cell. Looks at Tyler.
73) 0) text: Charles standing in the waiting area. Tyler is led out by bailiff rubbing his wrists. He sees his father, his face registering surprise. Beat. The men walk together towards the exit in silence. Neithe looking at the other.
73) 2) dialog: I didn't call you.
73) 10) text: Beat. Tyler deciding. Tyler nods. Charles appraises his son.
73) 12) text: Charles walks ahead, pulling out his cell phone. Tyler calls after him.
73) 13) dialog: Thank you for bailing me out.
74) 0) text: Tyler leaning against the bike rack, waiting. He sees All running up the steps and watches her as she blends into t crowd. 102   EXT. WASHINGTON SQUARE PARK -- JUST AFTER. No mimes, just dealers. Ally with a girlfriend, walking towards the East Side. Tyler catches up to her.
74) 3) dialog: (carefully)
75) 0) text: Bright sun pouring through the window. Ally lying asleep. Tyler is up and dressed now, he grabs his journal off his desk, kneels beside Ally. He is bathed in the pool of lig streaming in.
75) 1) dialog: (nuzzling)
75) 5) dialog: I'll be back in an hour. I have to stop by my dad's office.
75) 8) dialog: Whichever tastes better a la mode. Ally smiles.
75) 10) dialog: If I said I love you... what would you say?
75) 13) dialog: I love you too. Tyler kisses her. Then heads out into the...
76) 0) text: Aidan passed out on the couch still wearing the clothes h went out in the night before. Tyler watches him sleep.
76) 2) text: French toast. Tyler smiles as he takes his journal and exits.
78) 0) text: Tyler chaining up his bike. His cellphone rings. He check it. Knows what it's regarding before he answers.
78) 1) dialog: Are you canceling all together or are you just running late?
79) 0) text: Tyler rounding a corner.
79) 2) dialog: I'm already here.
79) 4) dialog: Take your time. I'll just wait in your office.
79) 6) dialog: That's okay. Tyler hangs up and joins the herds of suits heading down street.
80) 0) text: Tyler riding in a handsome marble and oak elevator with a half-dozen EXECUTIVE types. Tyler steps on and presses th number 92. The doors close.
81) 0) text: Tyler walks, approaches the Receptionist from the ashtray incident. He smiles pleasantly. She doesn't.
81) 1) dialog: Janine in?
81) 4) dialog: She getting me any? Just kidding. Tyler heads down the hall. The Receptionist rolls her eye
82) 0) text: Tyler steps into his father's empty office. It's dark, qu He opens the blinds. Sunlight fills the room.
87) 0) text: Tyler is still watching the screen saver when Janine ente
87) 2) dialog: Did you know about this? Janine walks around the desk in time to see a photo of Ty and Michael naked in the tub pop up. She smiles.
87) 5) dialog: Twenty-nine last May. Tyler stands and looks out one of the floor-to-ceiling windows separated by columns. He stares out at mid town a perfect blue sky. Janine looks befuddled.
87) 7) dialog: May 18, 1993. A silent moment passes. Janine reflecting.
87) 9) dialog: It's okay.
89) 0) text: We're now looking at Tyler from just outside Charles' off window and we're PULLING BACK... Until we see Tyler framed in the window surrounded by eer familiar grey metal siding... Until we see can barely see Tyler and the base of a giant white antenna... Until we can no longer see Tyler as he's disappeared into composite of the building and we've pulled back far enoug reveal that Tyler is standing in a window on the... 92nd Floor of The North Tower of the World Trade Center. A moment of still perfect silence. The Towers. The blue s Then we hear the faint sound of AA Flight 11's ENGINES as closes in on the North Tower.
89) 2) dialog: Whatever you do in life will be insignificant but it is very important that you do it because...
90) 1) dialog: It's a good bet...
90) 3) dialog: Nobody else will...
90) 5) dialog: Michael... Diane staring at it.
90) 6) dialog: Someone's been trying to tell me something.
91) 1) dialog: Maybe it's you...
92) 1) dialog: This girl! Ally! Her life, even the nightmare parts seeped into me and I swear to God I can hear you better.
93) 1) dialog: What's that about? I've always been the worst listener.
94) 3) dialog: Someone comes into your life...
95) 2) dialog: June 17, 1978 September 11, 2001 Charles, Caroline, Diane and Les approach the tombstones. family mourning. Diane slips her hand through Charles' el The gesture seems quite natural, easy.
96) 1) dialog: And half of you says "Danger! Stay in your cave! You're nowhere near ready!" Caroline has come to the end of her rope with her dad. Sh grabs his phone and throws it into the fountain, spins on heel and marches into the auditorium. Charles is complete thunderstruck.
96) 2) dialog: And the other half -- and this is the part I think is you -- He is torn between his phone and his daughter for a sec, chooses Caroline and takes off after her... ...then comes running out by himself to rescue his phone.
97) 1) dialog: Says "Go get her! Immediately! Make her yours forever!"
97) 3) dialog: I'm working on the forever part.
98) 0) text: Aidan actually awake in class. He has a tattoo on his forearm. "Tyler".
98) 1) dialog: I'm going to have to step up my game. But I'm glad I listened.
99) 1) dialog: I love you. Her train pulls into the station. Ally boards with a few other commuters. She takes a seat by herself across from. A MOM and A TODDLER, a little girl. The baby is squirming impossibly, the mom looks exhausted. Ally watches them, remembers him, as the faintest hint of smile crosses her lips the subway lights flicker and we..
99) 3) dialog: Don't be a stranger.