3) 0) text: The inmates stir, rubbing their dirty faces and trying to sit up. The camera dollies slowly down the narrow hallway the block which has three cells: Two small ones side by s and one bigger cell that faces the block entrance. The so of scribbling and business dealing can be heard from insi the cell. It is AZUL jotting into a business ledger while chatting on his cellular phone. His cell is equipped with small desk and a refrigerator. He hangs up the phone and  continues writing.
5) 0) text: Azul picks up his phone and makes another call. He talks  business. In the other cell, prisoners are getting up and looking around. Azul hangs up the phone and writes.
7) 0) text: Azul's phone rings. He looks up at it, startled, as if no one has ever called him before. He glances at his watch, then back at the phone, hesitating to answer it. He looks around the cell block as if someone might be playing a tr on him. Finally he answers it, pausing before saying hell It is El Moco.
7) 2) dialog: (into phone) Moco... What the hell do you want  after all these years?
8) 2) dialog: That's sweet of you, asshole. I don't  suppose you could get me out of there,  and then maybe hand me over my share  of money.
8) 4) dialog: I could stay in here and earn peanuts  compared to what you owe me if I  were to get out. So, yes, I want you  to help me... my friend.
8) 6) dialog: Really? Well, that's more like it.  Just like the Moco I used to know.
8) 7) text: Azul is walking towards his window at the sound of a truc racing in.
10) 0) text: Azul walks to his toilet and stands on it to see out his  barred window.
10) 1) dialog: (into phone) There's something going on outside.  Is this a double surprise? Are you  getting me out today, Moco?
13) 0) text: Azul looks out of the jail cell suspiciously. Peering dow the hall, he sees the guys with the guns. He hides behind the wall, peering out to see what happens next.
15) 0) text: Azul puts the receiver back up to his mouth.
15) 1) dialog: (into phone) There are two men here with guns.  Did you send them?
17) 0) text: Azul hangs up the phone and kicks his Bodyguard awake. Th Bodyguard gets up and peers out the bars as Azul hides in corner.
18) 0) text: The Tall Men walk steady and alert, ready to kill. They e Azul's block and scope out the cells. The Bodyguard, seeing the tall men, retrieves his shotgun from under his mattress and grabs his machete from under sink. He stands ready to fight. The Tall Men move slowly towards the big cell, somewhat  cautious. They see the Bodyguard a second too late, for h sticks the shotgun between the bars, and shoots one of th before they can react. The shot one stumbles back into hi buddy's arms. Azul's Bodyguard, amused by all this, opens his cell door effortlessly, and walks out as if to greet  them. The Tall Men hear the sound of the other cells open so they turn around. The other prisoners on the block beg exiting their cells, carrying guns and Molotov cocktails. The Tall Man drops his gun. Finally, Azul exits his cell  carrying his phone. The Bodyguard forces the Tall Men int an empty cell, closing and locking the door. Azul presses the #-button on his phone. Moco's phone numb is automatically redialed. Moco answers.
18) 1) dialog: (into phone) I'm still here, Moco. And so are  your little friends. But not for  long. They have something they want  to scream to you. Listen close,  because you're going to repeat it to  me when I come to visit you.
19) 0) text: The cellmates throw their Molotov cocktails into the cell Moco hears the men screaming as they burn to death. Azul holding the phone at arm's length into the cell.
20) 0) text: The Guards exchange glances when they hear the screaming, they smile and shrug, then go back to what they were doin As Azul and his Bodyguards exit the block, the Guard with the magazine stands up as if to stop them, but Azul tosse him a wad of money and the guard sits back down to count
21) 0) text: A blue truck races towards the jail. Azul exits the jail carrying a shotgun. His Bodyguards ge inside the Tall Men's truck and start it. Azul waits pati for his blue truck. As the blue truck pulls up, two little rat-like VATOS exi the blue truck, one handing Azul a guitar case. Azul toss it onto the hood. The Bodyguards wave as they drive away. Azul waves back. He opens the case, revealing an arsenal weaponry. Azul notices one piece is missing. One Rat quic pulls the missing weapon from his jacket and replaces it the case. Azul is unamused. He grabs his MAC-10 machine g from the guitar case and aims it at the thieving Rat's he Suddenly, the Guard bolts out the jail waving the wad of  money, as if complaining. Azul turns his MAC-10 onto the Guard instead. A few blast later Azul and his rats pack up and go as the Guard twitc helplessly on the ground, still clutching the money in hi bloody hand.
25) 0) text: Mariachi walks out and looks up and down the street. He  decides to walk south. As he walks down the sidewalk, the camera pans into a CLO of another guitar case that is moving towards the Corona  Club. The camera falls back a little revealing the backsi of Azul, dressed also in black. Azul walks into the bar.
26) 0) text: Azul enters the bar, notices to his left the table with t four mean-looking Dudes, drinking and eating chips and sa The oldest one, with his back to Azul, takes a sip from h mixed drink, then stands and excuses himself to the restr
28) 0) text: The three remaining Dudes notice Azul's guitar case. So d the Bartender. They all look at each other and laugh.
28) 2) text: Azul walks the mean Dude's table. Their laughing quiets d a bit as Azul stands before them. The Bartender stops smi
28) 3) dialog: Bartender... one beer.
28) 5) dialog: (without looking at  him) In a bottle, wey.
28) 6) text: Bartender stops filling the beer, stares at the half-full glass for a moment, then drinks the beer. Azul is staring at the three Mean Dudes. They stare back. The Bartender slaps the unopened bottle down at the count
28) 8) text: Azul doesn't pay attention to him.
28) 9) dialog: I'm looking for an old friend of  mine. His name is... Moco. Do you  know where I can find him.
28) 11) dialog: So you know him?
28) 13) dialog: That's too bad.
28) 14) text: Azul turns to the mean Dude sitting to his left, and plac the guitar in his hands. The Mean Dude is confused.
28) 15) dialog: Hold it please.
28) 16) text: Azul opens the case and pulls out the MAC-10. The other t Mean Dudes are already reaching for their pistols. The Bartender ducks beneath the counter. Azul fires a million bullets into two of the Mean Dudes,  (the other is holding the case in shock). Their chests  explode, causing neat little dollops of flesh and blood f everywhere. The Mean Dude holding the guitar case is froz with fear. He manages to look up at Azul, who is watching the Mean Dudes die a slow, bloody death. The barrel of th MAC-10 is smoking. Azul turns slowly to the Mean Dude hol the case. Azul aims his MAC-10 in the Dude's face. Still  frozen holding the case, he spends his last moments looki down the gun's barrel.
30) 0) text: The Old Dude bursts into the room with a roll of toilet p in his hand, and a sheet of sweat sliding down his face. The Bartender rises up from behind the counter. The camera dollies slowly by the dead Dudes. Their blood- bathed faces twisted into odd shapes and expressions. The camera continues to dolly to the one dead Dude still hold the guitar case. His face is a bloody pulp. The camera st dollying to the old Dude's mixed drink. A hand is stirrin it with a straw. The camera pans up the arm to reveal Azu standing expressionless with his gun sling over his shoul Shot at 16fps the Old Dude quickly drops the toilet paper and runs back inside the bathroom. Azul turns to his guitar case and carefully chooses anoth weapon. He grabs the drink and tosses a napkin over his a like a waiter, then casually follows the Old Dude into th bathroom. The Bartenders glance at each other. One pours a shot gla full of tequila and raises it to his lips to drink it. Sh ring out and the Bartender spills the drink over himself. Without warning Azul bursts from the bathroom and walks c to his case. He replaces the weapon, picks up the case an leaves. A few seconds pass before the bartender grabs the phone a furiously dials.
30) 2) text: The door bursts open as Azul reenters, storming to the ba The Bartender is so petrified he doesn't think to drop th phone. Azul walks right up to the Bartender. The Bartender shuts his eyes. The sound of the beer bottl popping open can be heard, along with the sound of thirst guzzling. The Bartender opens his eyes to Azul. CLOSEUP of the empty bottle slamming to the counter. The Bartender glances down at the bottle. CLOSEUP of Azul tossing a few coins near the bottle as  payment. Azul leaves. A few seconds pass as the Bartender is standing there. Yo hear Moco yelling into the receiver asking what's going o
40) 6) text: Mean Dude writes down a phone number and the description Azul on a little card.
77) 0) text: Camera tracks past a pool table where TWO RATS are playin nine ball. They make a few shots, then the phone rings. T camera continues to track past a small table where Azul's guitar case lies open. Weapons adorn it, with each knife, each gun in its pocket, in its own place. The camera cont tracking to a dresser on which sits Azul's cellular phone delicate female hand lifts the receiver. The camera is no positioned above the bed as the GIRL answers the phone.
77) 2) text: He rolls over and wakes a GIRL sleeping beside her. Girl takes the phone and passes it to a third GIRL as Girl #2  tries to wake Azul (he is sleeping between Girls #2 and # Girl #3 has the phone to her ear as if listening for  background conversation. The two Rats playing pool are staring longingly at the th Girls in Azul's bed. They look hungry and deprived. One h the other, signaling it's his shot. While one shoots, the other watches. Azul awakens and grabs the phone.
77) 3) dialog: (into phone) Yeah.
78) 2) dialog: (into phone) Six.
78) 4) dialog: (into phone) I've only killed six! You were always  bad at maths, Moco. I guess that's  why you never paid me half of the  money. You thought it all belonged  to you.
78) 6) dialog: (counting on his  fingers, into phone) I killed six. But don't bother  counting so soon. The number will  triple by tomorrow.
78) 8) dialog: (into phone) Six.
78) 10) dialog: (into phone) I tell you what. You give me my money,  and I won't kill any more of your  men... And I won't kill you.
78) 12) dialog: (into phone) Just like the Moco I used to know.  Still wearing white?
78) 14) dialog: (into phone) I think you should change clothes.  I'd hate to ruin a white suit with  your stupid blood.
78) 15) text: Azul hangs up. He gets dressed and leaves. The little Rat are about to follow, but one Rat walks over to get one lo at the girls. The girls tease him, and when he tries to  advance them, they pull guns and laugh as the Rat runs aw
84) 0) text: The bar Assistant is cleaning the bar. He walks over to g a few glasses and when he returns, Azul is sitting at the barstool Mariachi was on earlier. The Assistant looks aro wondering where Azul appeared from.
84) 2) dialog: One beer.
84) 4) dialog: In a bottle, wey.
84) 6) text: He grabs a bottle and hands it to Azul, then lifts the mu toasts and drinks it straight down. Azul drinks his straight down, too.
84) 7) dialog: (looking around) Isn't there a girl that works here?
84) 9) dialog: (heading a few bills  to the Assistant) She owns it, now? Then she is Moco's  girl?
84) 11) text: Azul takes out a few more bills and hands them to the  Assistant, and begins to stand up.
84) 12) dialog: Thank you.
86) 0) text: As he crosses the street he notices Azul leaving the salo with a guitar case. Mariachi runs into the saloon.
88) 0) text: Azul is walking to his truck when he turns to a corner an Mean Dude #4 sticks his gun in his face. Two more guns ap pointed at the back of his head.
89) 0) text: The two Rats are in the blue truck half a block away. One hits the other to look at what's happening to Azul. POV of Rats seeing Azul with three guys around him with g They look at each other, start the truck and speed away.
90) 2) dialog: My guitar.
90) 4) dialog: (pause) Yes.
90) 6) text: Mean Dude #4 takes the case and lays it flat in Azul's pa
90) 12) text: He points the gun deep into Azul's face and cocks it. Azu closes his eyes. Mean Dude #5 lifts the lid. Azul hears a faint strumming sound, followed by the sound of the Mean  Dude slamming the case shut. Azul opens his eyes. The Mea Dude resnaps the latches. SNAP... SNAP... SNAP-SNAP-SNAP!
90) 14) text: They walk away leaving Azul wondering what happened.
92) 0) text: Azul watches the Mean Dudes go and when they turn the cor he puts the case on the ground to open it.
93) 0) text: The Mean Dudes are rounding the corner, but Mean Dude #5, who is last, snaps his fingers and motions to the others keep quiet and to watch Azul
95) 0) text: Mean Dudes are watching Azul unsnap his case.
96) 0) text: Azul opens the lid, revealing Mariachi's guitar.
97) 2) text: The Mean Dudes start walking towards Azul as the camera t back with them. Azul slams the case shut, wondering what hell is going on. He looks up and notices the Mean Dudes  walking towards him. He stands up and slowly walks in the other direction.
99) 0) text: The bad guys are pulling out their weapons. Mariachi bolts around the corner. Now everyone is on the  same sidewalk. Mariachi and Azul are on each end of the s with the Mean Dudes in between them. Azul turns and sees Mariachi with his guitar case. Mean D #5 turns and sees Mariachi, too.
99) 2) text: The two other Mean Dudes exchange glances. Mean Dude #5 s after Mariachi, so the other two follow. Mariachi looks t Azul for help. Azul tips the imaginary hat to Mariachi an walks away.
102) 0) text: The camera dollies past the vacant pool table, and over t Rat sitting in a chair, drinking a beer. The other Rat is pacing back and forth in front of the sitting Rat. Azul e the room. Throwing his guitar case onto the pool table as grand entrance gesture. The sitting Rat stands beside the pacing Rat.
102) 4) text: Rat #2 nods in agreement. Azul unsnaps one of the latches
102) 6) dialog: You thought I could defend myself...
102) 8) dialog: ...against three armed men...
102) 10) dialog: ...using this?
102) 12) dialog: My case got switched with some maricon  mariachi!
102) 14) dialog: He's dead by now... So, I want you  to go look for my case.
102) 16) dialog: Leave me a weapon.
102) 17) text: Both Rats take out their guns. Azul takes Rat #2's gun.
102) 18) dialog: That was disloyal of you to leave me  out there. You should be as loyal to  me as you are to each other.
102) 19) text: The Rats exchange glances, then aim their eyes back to th floor. Azul turns to Rat #2.
102) 20) dialog: Are you loyal?
102) 22) dialog: (to Rat #1) Are you loyal?
102) 24) text: Azul gestures to Rat #2.
102) 25) dialog: Then shoot him.
102) 27) dialog: You are loyal, are you not? SHOOT  HIM. Or I shoot you.
102) 28) text: Azul aims his gun at Rat #1, who immediately aims his gun Rat #2. Rat #2 is sweating bullets. Rat #1 puts his gun d
102) 30) dialog: Why not?
102) 32) text: Rat #2 glances back and forth between Rat #1 and Azul.
102) 33) dialog: Very good. Now go find my case.
102) 34) text: Azul puts his gun down and motions the rats to leave. The leave. When they exit, Rat #1 turns to Rat #2 and snaps h fingers. Rat #2 shakes his hand. They leave.
111) 0) text: Azul's Rats burst into the hideout. FOUR GIRLS pop up ove the partition with guns. The Rats stop in their tracks. T girls sigh a "oh, it's them" sigh and slink back to bed. shot of them trying to wake Azul. Azul wakes up and looks over the partition.
111) 1) dialog: Where's my case?
111) 5) text: Azul thinks a moment. He stands up.
111) 6) dialog: They caught the mariachi.
111) 7) text: Azul dresses, smiling...
113) 0) text: Azul walks into frame, looks around then proceeds into th bar.
114) 0) text: Azul goes inside and finds Domino tending the bar.
114) 2) dialog: One beer.
114) 5) dialog: (nodding) My guitar case.
114) 7) dialog: Where's my case?
114) 9) dialog: Get it.
114) 11) dialog: If you want your mariachi back, come  with me.
114) 13) dialog: Because you know where Moco's ranch  is... I don't.
114) 15) dialog: You help me, I'll help you.
114) 20) text: Azul grabs Domino and points a gun to her head. He whispe to her...
114) 21) dialog: Play along...
114) 23) dialog: Open the gate or she's dead!
114) 24) text: The gate opens and we see Moco standing at a three-quarte stance, flanked with his men on both sides. Azul drags Do in and faces her at Moco with a gun to her head.
114) 26) text: Azul cocks the pistol.
114) 28) dialog: Moco, give me my money or I ruin  your clothes with her blood.
114) 34) text: Azul is glancing between Domino and Moco.
114) 36) dialog: Give me my money or I kill her NOW!!!
114) 39) text: Azul is anxious now.
114) 40) dialog: I swear I'll kill her!
114) 42) text: Moco pulls out his gun and shoots her in the heart. She f limp in Azul's arms. Azul tries hold her up, but she's de Azul rests her on the ground, looking down at her, wonder why it's all come to this.
114) 43) dialog: All I wanted was my rightful share.  But you've got to kill everybody.
114) 45) text: Azul slowly looks at Moco.
114) 47) text: Moco shoots Azul in the heart. Azul had his hands to his  side, and now he falls to his knees. Moco shoots him agai and Azul dies next to Domino. Mean Dude #5 is exchanging glances with the others. No on seems to be on Moco's side.
118) 15) text: Moco is laughing and looking at his men for support, but one else laughs. Mariachi tries to stand, but he falls ba When he rises again he has the gun in his hand. He shoots Moco in the chest. Moco falls back and hits the ground ha He gasps for air... Moco's men gather around him. Mean Dude #5 crouches down check Moco's throat pulse. Moco's dead. Mean Dude #5 stri a match across Moco's face and lights up a cigarette. He  turns and walks away. The others follow. Mariachi wraps a tourniquet on his arm, kisses Domino, op Azul's case, sees the weapons, and rides off with it.