0) 61) dialog: The first time I met Calvin, he was 19 years old and had already been at the top of the New York Times Best Seller List for months. (CONTINUED)
0) 64) dialog: I thought: who the fuck is this kid? And how can I go back in time and be him? Laughter. Calvin stands in the wings.
0) 65) dialog: This skinny high school drop out with acne still on his chin gave us what very well may become a classic American novel. Someone pats Calvin on the shoulder.
0) 66) dialog: Since then, we've had the pleasure of reading his short stories, and of course last year’s novella “Breakfast for Dinner.” But it wasn’t until I sat down to re-read his novel-- (Holding up the book) --in this beautiful new edition--that I remembered quite how good Calvin Weir- Fields is. Langdon turns, a strange edge to his voice.
0) 67) dialog: Ten years ago or ten years from now, we're lucky to have him around. Ladies and Gentlemen, Calvin Weir-Fields. People applaud. Calvin walks onstage. Langdon shakes his hand. Flashbulbs. Calvin takes the mic, ready to speak.
1) 23) dialog: Say “Disillusionment.” No one smiles. Flashbulbs go off. Cyrus steps in.
1) 40) dialog: Of course, Calvin always had talent, but that will only get you so far. I helped hone him, give him some style. It was a passing of the baton, really. LATER. Mabel continues to hit on Calvin as he signs her book.
1) 46) dialog: Everyone sits at home and thinks, “I could do that, a monkey could do that.” But one’s muse is incredibly difficult. You have to seduce her, finesse her. LATER. A tiny intimidating older FEMALE PROFESSOR intensely grip Calvin’s arm.
1) 48) dialog: People think of writing as cerebral, but its actually an incredibly physical, almost sensual act. You should see me write. I’m like an Olympian. With a pen. LATER. Mabel’s kneeling by the table as Calvin signs other peopl books. She has a drink.
1) 50) dialog: They love you and then they throw you away. It’s easier if you’ve only ever been mediocre. When you’ve been to the top, it can kill you. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
1) 56) dialog: Salinger had the right idea: write what you can, and then DISAPPEAR.
16) 1) dialog: You like my pool? * Langdon stands across the pool with a bottle of wine. *
16) 2) dialog: Do I know you?
18) 1) dialog: What are you doing at my party?
18) 3) dialog: Did you come with someone?
18) 7) dialog: So, are you the kind of girl who only dates famous writers?
18) 14) dialog: You don’t happen to have a name, do you?
18) 16) dialog: Ruby. What do you do, Ruby?
18) 18) dialog: How refreshing. What do you do in your spare time?
18) 36) dialog: By selling out very early. Why do I feel like I know you?
18) 38) dialog: ---You know what I was thinking? I was just thinking this would be a perfect night for a swim.
18) 40) dialog: Is that a problem? INT. PARTY. SIMULTANEOUS. The argument has escalated.
19) 3) dialog: Don’t worry, I keep it very warm. Langdon’s in his underwear in the pool, peeking through h fingers.
19) 6) dialog: Calvin. We thought we’d take a dip. Care to join us?