3) 0) text: Rachel, smoking a cigarette and drinking a diet coke, FLI pantry doors, closet doors -- looking for Ben -- attempti stone hard butter on toast at the same time.  She glances clock -- 7:55.  Oh dear.  Annabelle sits at the table, in orangey red mood.  Rachel hands her what was once a piece
3) 6) text: I'm almost done making it. (to the non-existent Ben)
3) 7) text: Alright Ben -- you deal with the tardy, you write yourself a note, your daddy told you he had an important case this morning and he had to leave early and  we were AAAAGGGGHHHH! She has opened a cupboard with a Lazy Susan that turns re BEN sitting there.  Rachel screams AGAIN!
3) 9) dialog: No.
3) 11) dialog: No!  Cocoa Puffs on Top -- Fruit Loops on the bottom.
3) 13) dialog: You touched it.
3) 15) dialog: No.
3) 19) dialog: But you told us to starve.
3) 21) text: Hello?...Duncan...The Ad Agency's already there?...I'm out the door... (Ben flings a fruit loop at her)
3) 22) text: Ben!  Knock it off! (into phone)
3) 24) text: Damn it Ben -- Rachel runs around absentmindedly loading out leftover pi Hoho's, and Chips.  She glances at the clock again -- 8:0
3) 28) text: We are late.  We are seriously late.  Which means Mister Ben we've got to get you  dressed --
3) 29) dialog: No! Ben races away but Rachel LUNGES And CATCHES him.  He wig her arms as she struggles to change his clothes.  Just as his bottoms off she drops his clothes in the pile of gooe when we hear a loud KNOCKING at the kitchen door.  Holdin naked Ben in her arms, Rachel looks up at... JACKIE HARRISON.  An immaculately dressed, intimidatingly ligent, utterly beautiful woman staring at her with extre disapproval.
3) 30) dialog: Mommy! Annabelle and Ben RACE into their mother's arms like litt Jackie shoots a fiercely protective glare at Rachel.  The eyes.  Enough wattage to light up all of Manhattan.
5) 0) text: Jackie drives the children down a tree-lined street in En New Jersey.  Ben is banging Jackie's sunglasses case agai window.
5) 5) dialog: Why does Rachel wear Daddy's underpants? Doesn't she have underpants of her own?
5) 7) dialog: Annabelle sucked her thumb last night.
5) 13) dialog: I have lava.
5) 18) dialog: I hate wax lips and red ants and pretzels without salt...
5) 21) text: Russian Orthodox Wedding Kiss. They bump foreheads and elbows.  Ben runs toward the kind playground; Jackie watches concerned as Annabelle climbs The only orangey red dot in a sea of purple.
11) 11) dialog: Pick a card.  Any card. Jackie picks a card.
11) 18) dialog: Queen of diamonds.
11) 22) dialog: Poof!  You're happy now.
11) 24) text: Annabelle! Ben finds himself alone in the kitchen.  He hits himself head, hard.  Poof!  He begins to serve himself dinner.  A
14) 2) text: Annabelle? She looks around -- completely exhausted.  It's late.  An video taping the dog pee.  Ben's in the kitchen talking t He pours and sprinkles, working intently on a MAGIC POTIO
14) 4) text: And that voice you use...you think I'm  deaf or something? Ben ZAPS the magic potion theatrically with his fingertip
14) 8) dialog: "Those who travel far and near this will make you DISAPPEAR!"
14) 10) dialog: Excuse me --
14) 19) dialog: Excuse me. Rachel throws open the door.  Ben stands there innocently
14) 20) dialog: I made you some cocoa.  See?
14) 22) text: Goodnight Annabelle.  Sweet dreams. Rachel leads Ben to his room.  With Rachel safe out of si Annabelle takes the puppy into her arms and cuddles it.
15) 0) text: Rachel, dead on his feet, reads "Goodnight Moon" to Ben.
15) 2) dialog: Aren't you going to drink your cocoa? It's the good kind.
15) 4) text: Mmmm!  Tasty.  You're a master chef Ben. Just like your dad. Ben points to the book -- she 'reads' skipping pages, a h miles an hour desperate to get to the end of the book.
15) 6) dialog: No!  You're cheating -- you have to start from the beginning and you have to read the whole thing I can't sleep otherwise. Ben's eyes are glued to her.  She lays down next to him,
15) 8) dialog: "And a picture of the cow jumping over the moon..."
15) 10) text: That's nice Ben. Ben reads until Rachel's asleep.  He looks at her in AWE.
15) 11) dialog: Rachel!  Rachel! No response.  Rachel's really asleep.  He lifts her head. down!  In HORROR he jumps off the bed and with a quick lo races from the room, and... ...DARTS down the hallway, BUMPING into walls -- He LEAPS Annabelle's room, SLAMMING the door behind him.
15) 13) dialog: (triumphantly)
15) 14) text: I killed her! Ben and Annabelle gape at one another, stunned.
17) 0) text: The clock reads 8:10.  Rachel and the kids enter.  Annabe is brushed forward, hiding her face.  Ben is ebullient. edgy, ready to snap.
23) 0) text: A glum Annabelle and Ben sitting on a bench watching Rach photo shoot, George between them. A beautiful WOMAN appears in the turret -- she lets down a modern day RAPUNZEL -- her golden locks fall 17 feet -- of yellow -- as a hundred YELLOW CANARIES fly out from he beautiful MAN begins to CLIMB the hair.  FLASH!  The man in mid air surrounded by canaries. Rachel works with intense concentration.  It's been hours Annabelle and Ben are completely bored.
27) 0) text: Jackie RUNS through the police station moving down corrid desks until she sees BEN sitting with TWO POLICEMEN on a She holds him to her chest, shaking.
27) 2) dialog: I knew where I was all the time.
28) 0) text: Ben sits between Jackie and Luke holding each of their ha Rachel sits on the other side of Luke; all waiting for th Pageant to begin.  It's horribly tense.
28) 10) text: Oh forget it! She runs offstage amidst laughter and applause.  Luke loo Jackie but she and Ben have already left their seats.
29) 0) text: Jackie comforts Annabelle.  Ben watches closely, getting in his sister's sadness.  Luke and Rachel approach.
29) 4) text: Don't take my picture! She starts to cry.  Ben's lip quivers, his eyes well up.
30) 2) dialog: I don't want to be Lady Godiva  anymore, no matter how much I like chocolate.  I want to be a stud. In distance, a gaggle of GROUNDSKEEPERS.  Jackie points t to Ben, without missing a beat...
30) 5) dialog: Mommy?  It's not Rachel's fault I ran away.
30) 8) dialog: (thinks about this)
30) 11) dialog: Does Rachel make a lot of money?
30) 13) dialog: I think she's pretty, Mommy.
30) 15) dialog: Mommy?
30) 17) dialog: If you want me to hate her I will. On Jackie.  Stunned.  Her lips part for an answer.  But s got one.
40) 0) text: Jackie is getting dressed in front of the mirror, her eye in spite of her attempts at control.  Annabelle is watchi like a hawk.  We see Ben in the BACKGROUND -- sawing the ALISE in half.
43) 5) dialog: I knew it!  I knew it!  I knew you guys were getting back together! Jackie looks at Luke.  Annabelle ZOOMS IN on their faces.
43) 13) dialog: No you didn't!  All you guys did was name call!  I heard you!  You didn't even try and use your words! Ben runs out of the room.  Luke follows him.
44) 0) text: Ben pulls his cape over his head and hides in a bundle in corner.
44) 1) dialog: I'm disappearing.  I'm almost invisible...
46) 0) text: Barely any light in the empty kitchen.  PAN to see Ben, a his cape.  Carefully, he sets a cup of saucer atop a clot that lies across the butcher block table. He GRASPS the corners of the napkin.  He looks scared.  W what's about to happen.  As he... ...YANKS the napkin, as FAST as he can, the cup and sauce and... ...stay put. Ben.  Is astounded. And then he looks up.  To a cabinet filled.  With glasswa china.
48) 0) text: Ben is cuddled up in his coverlet.  Almost as if he's hid picks up some stray underpants.  Actually, three of them.
48) 1) dialog: Are you real mad?
50) 3) text: Sorry I'm late, I got lost dropping Ben off at Kevin's.
52) 2) text: Hey, good-lookin', I was just thinking about calling y... INTERCUT throughout:  Ben on the phone in Rachel's and Lu kitchen.  He is alone.  Staring through the glass window oven...
52) 3) dialog: Rache says I have to eat lamb.  I told her you're making me spaghetti!
52) 5) dialog: And many meatballs. A nurse enters, and Jackie shoots her with a wave of her
52) 7) dialog: Is that like Luigi's? She loves this kid so much.
52) 9) dialog: Where are you, anyway? And the feeling comes straight to her eyes.  She can't fi
52) 11) dialog: Yes.
52) 13) dialog: I did.  Do I have to eat lamb? Daddy didn't cook it, she did.
52) 16) dialog: Sure.  You got my number. And now she's crying.  But she can't.  She can't.  Gains for a whispered...
52) 18) dialog: Mom...? She sniffles...
52) 20) dialog: Tomorrow?  Can I have one butterscotch pudding for dessert? See her relief.  Secret still safe.
53) 0) text: Jackie is pushing her cart.  Ben sits in it, pulling thin shelves.  On automatic she's putting them back.
53) 1) dialog: Mommy, if your real name's Jackie and I call you mommy; and Rachel's real name's Rachel...Then when I see her do I say hi Stepmommy?  And if my name's Ben, how come you don't call me son?
53) 3) text: Thursday's fine... Frustrated, Ben CLIMBS OUT of the cart and trails behind He reaches for an apple off the BOTTOM of a huge display Delicious, and the whole thing comes TUMBLING DOWN.  Shak looks around for Ben.  He's gone.
54) 10) dialog: Nope.  I got my warm t-shirt. Enough of a non-sequitur to make everybody blink, before YANKS him, roughly and tenderly, from the bin.  She CRUSH a violent, desperate hug...
54) 11) dialog: You found me cause I'm your priority, huh? She kisses him fiercely.  At the edge of tears.  Whispers
55) 26) text: Sure, if you like. Jackie looks away now.  To the playground just beyond the bleachers.  Kids rise swings, clamber over a jungle gym. eyes are routinely, automatically, zeroing in on one sing ...who is climbing his way UP a tall SLIDE.  Crouched ove inches up the shiny metal surface, using the side rails. follows Jackie's eyes, just as... ...Ben reaches the top and STANDS UP, hands OVER his head breath catching, Ben totters once and... ...FALLS fast, hitting the grass with a thump we can hear crumpled, motionless, as our two women... ...SPRING up as one, SCRAMBLING down the bleachers, RUNNI the playground, Jackie initially in the lead, but Rachel sprints her, CLOSING  on the child, as he rolls over gras leg, and reaching him first... ...some instinct makes her hold back, let Jackie RUSH pas kneel at Ben's side.  She lifts her baby in her arms.  Hi are torn, his leg is bleeding.  His own concern...
55) 27) dialog: I can still go to Tucker's party, right?
56) 0) text: A full house of walk-ins with assorted needs, none of whi to require George Clooney on an urgent basis.  Across the irritated Jackie finishes the last of the paperwork at th station.  Exchanges a less-than-pleasantry with the less- helpful duty nurse, and... ...heads off through the crowd, DOWN a hallway, TURNS a c see... LUKE stands by a doorway.  Smiling, as he gazes into a ho room.  Jackie comes to his side, looks in... Ben doesn't see them.  His back is turned, as he talks to who sits on the side of his bed, feeding him the pudding from a vending machine.
56) 1) dialog: ...for Christmas, okay?  Every magician needs a white dove, a real one, they do!
56) 3) dialog: Dad!  You can talk him into anything! Unseen by the two, Luke grins.  Then, Ben snuggles into R arms and kisses her.  Jackie stares.
56) 6) dialog: (singing softly)
56) 24) dialog: No.
57) 10) text: He's there already?  No I don't want to talk to him -- Duncan?  How are you... The mothers are all too aware of Rachel on the phone.  Tw shoot water guns -- Rachel gets drenched.  Ben pulls at t
57) 11) dialog: I want it!
57) 14) text: Duncan I'm aware of that - Goddamn it Ben!  Let go of it.  NOW! He stares at her.  It looks like he's gonna let go -- On the mothers -- impressed, not to mention surprised.  W suddenly HURLS the toy onto the floor SHATTERING IT!  A h SILENCE falls over the room.  Broken only by the sound of SCREAMING from inside the phone.
63) 0) text: Jackie carrying two steaming MUGS from her stove.  These marshmallows floating in them.  She sets them down in fro children.  Ben starts plucking the marshmallows out of An mug.  Annabelle doesn't care, too busy video taping... ...her father.  Who sits with this tender, compassionate, therefore rather ominous smile.  Doesn't take a smart kid daughter to guess...
63) 2) dialog: Mommy's marrying Rache! He's happy.  Jackie reaches and shuts OFF Annabelle's cam the directness in her gaze keeps the child from complaini
63) 5) dialog: You have the WORST flu since...
63) 8) text: It's what Grammy Lil died from. Ben's eyes WHIP OVER to his sister.  He sees the cold fea face.  BACK to Mom.  She seems fine, calm, smiling even.
63) 10) dialog: Is your bad?
63) 15) dialog: So you're okay.
63) 24) dialog: (the diplomat)
63) 34) dialog: Annabelle's worse than everybody.
65) 0) text: Jackie and Ben cuddled in bed, watching a video in the da room.  It is not a French Comedy.  They are, however, eat popcorn. The door opens.  Annabelle stands motionless, composed. looks like she's been crying.  She clears her throat...
65) 9) dialog: That's Rache's song!
65) 20) text: You sing lead, you've got the voice... She bumps head gently with Ben.
69) 0) text: AERIAL VIEW of Jackie, Annabelle, Tucker and assorted nei looky-loo kids from SEVENTY FEET in the air.  Everyone lo TINY DOTS running around the lawn.  We realize that we ar at the TOP of a giant EVERGREEN TREE. We see a patch of red.  And now a blue stripe.  The wind more -- It's BEN CLIMBING to the very top of the tree.  T of his name becoming more and more faint in the distance MISSES a branch -- causing a cluster of PINE CONES to FAL of Jackie -- she looks up screaming --
69) 7) dialog: 
69) 11) dialog: The crane STOPS.  Ben has climbed to the top branches of they SWAY from side to side like a METRONOME.
69) 14) text: Ben listen to me...
69) 15) dialog: No!  I have to get there.
69) 17) dialog: Before you.
69) 19) dialog: Heaven.  I have to tell him he's made a mistake.  He should take Grammy Martha first.  Or Grandpa Norman. Jackie's heart breaks, unable to speak.
69) 21) dialog: How do you know?
69) 23) dialog: Oh. Jessica begins to crawl out to him on the limb.
69) 26) dialog: That's good cause we need to hurry. My mom doesn't have very much time left.
69) 28) dialog: Cause it's an emergency. Ben opens his arms, teeters, and Jessica HAS him.  She re out, and... ...HANDS him to Jackie, alone in the cherry-picker.  Jack Ben, pulling him FIERCELY to her arms in a death grip. From down below, the kids CHEER.  The worst is over. HOLD on Jackie, clutching her baby for dear life.  Knowin
73) 0) text: Ben rumbling down the hall to the door.  Stands in front the bell RINGS again.
73) 1) dialog: 
73) 9) dialog: (Clint)
74) 0) text: Luke sits with Ben, building a gigantic magic castle from Leggos.  I's architecturally interesting.  Through the wi behind them, a cold winter rain.
79) 0) text: Rachel carrying the suitcase, Jackie has each kid by the they troop through the house to arrive at... ...Jackie's bedroom.  Where Jackie freezes.  Her mouth OP Rachel has... ...HUNG striking black and white PHOTOS of the children a the room.  One is of Ben's FEET, left shoe on right foot versa.  Another glimpses Annabelle's beautiful FACE hidde hair.  Ben sitting in a cupboard.  Annabelle a bold ear o Ben sitting on the bottom limb of the huge evergreen.  An kissing her horse's muzzle. Jackie just stands.  Trying not to cry.
79) 2) dialog: I helped. She know he did.  Looks across the room at Rachel.  No mo
79) 3) dialog: Let's go to the park! Jackie sighs.  Smiles down at him.
79) 5) dialog: Rache can do that part. Jackie absorbs that.  And all it portends.
80) 0) text: LONG ANGLE...five swings in use.  In four, the kids are p moms or nannies.  In the fifth, Ben is pushed by Annabell who's going the highest.  PULL BACK to... ...two women on a bench.  Under a starkly bare tree.  Jac drinking in the air, the cold, the day.  Rachel watching
82) 0) text: Ben alone in the back seat.  Reading his beloved Garfield Shift ANGLE to see... ...the women standing by the car.  Rachel looks a little
86) 0) text: White Christmas outside the window.  Richly trimmed tree, everywhere, carols softly playing.  The whole nine yards. Ben standing at a wrapped bird cage, where a dove is cooi Annabelle is setting out the cocoa with a uniformed NURSE Rachel enters.  Kisses Annabelle's head.
87) 11) dialog: (standing there)
87) 16) dialog: Did you know I was good-looking right away? She reaches to hold his face in her hand.  Stares in his
87) 20) dialog: (straight back)
87) 25) dialog: But you can still see him.
87) 31) dialog: So where are you? She was waiting for this.  For a long time.  She wraps he around his fist.  And puts their hands against his heart.
87) 34) dialog: Can I talk to you?  When you're there.
87) 36) dialog: It's not good enough.
88) 1) dialog: Your turn.  It wasn't bad. Annabelle looks straight to her dad.  There is a moment, that no one else could ever understand.  She leans to him whispers...
90) 0) text: The presents are here now, they fill up the room, spill o bed, where both children sprawl. ...Ben RIPPING the shit out of wrappings like a wolverine Annabelle carefully saving her gift paper as if she were hang it in the Louvre.  She holds a tank top up to her ch her Mom's approval.  Jackie's not sure.  Rachel handing u boxes, Luke in charge of bagging trash... Ben's white dove, flying free around the room, zipping an No one cares.  It's Christmas. HOLD.  Hold.  And CROSSFADE TO...
91) 0) text: Family and friends are leaving the wake, exiting the soft chapel into a snowy night.  They are saying goodbyes, kis another, going to their cars.  And saying her last goodby ...Rachel turns to Luke.  Whispers, close to his ear.  He her for a beat, then leads Annabelle and Ben toward the c Rachel goes back into the chapel.  Alone.