0) 28) dialog: They want a woman.
0) 31) dialog: Martha, all we're saying is, no-one wants this to come to trial, not the Church, not the Crown... least of all me.
0) 33) dialog: Nobody is interested in sending a nun to prison.
0) 38) text: The Judge, Eve and Lyon all chuckle. The Judge throws the on his desk towards her.
0) 55) text: Sister Marguerite gives a frosty imitation of a smile and motions for her to    come in. MARTHA (Cont.) Thank you. I um... I believe your Mother Superior's expecting me.
0) 139) text: Agnes, have you ever loved another man... other than, Jesus Christ?
0) 228) text: Agnes sits down on a bench and Martha follows her. AGNES (Cont.) Mummy wasn't very happy when she died ... and, I think she went to hell because every time I see her she looks like she just stepped out of a hot shower, and I... I'm never sure if it's her, or the Lady who tells me things! They fight over me all the time. (staring into space) The Lady... I saw when I was ten. I was lying on the grass, looking at the sun, and the sun became a cloud, and the cloud became, a Lady. And she told me she would talk to me. And then... her feet began to bleed and I saw there... there were holes in her hands and in her side. And I tried to catch the blood as it fell from the sky, but I couldn't see any more because my eyes hurt because there were big black spots in front of them. And she tells me things like, like... right now she's crying Marie! Marie! ... but I don't know what that means.
0) 421) dialog: Martha, you have to make a decision on her sanity as quickly as possible and not interfere with due process of law.
0) 423) dialog: The longer you take to make a decision, the more difficult it will be for us.
0) 425) dialog: The bishop is breathing down our necks.
0) 436) text: Agnes makes the sign of the cross, they both stand and st to move off. AGNES (Cont.) She lived here for almost seventy years. Every day she'd ring the bell, wake us up, call us to God. She took me to my secret place.
0) 481) text: No, but I can never tell her that.
0) 587) text: The two girls start to repeat it but Agnes starts to cry Genevieve falters into silence. Mother Miriam goes on more kindly.
0) 953) text: He sets the folder down on a table and starts going throu it. They both look at the plans. Ah viola! This has everything. Even the secret entrance. They all had that. Usually to get from building to building in the snow... (he indicates on the plan) ... like that one.
0) 972) text: Mother Miriam pushes the door open to reveal Martha.
0) 1037) text: They reach the door of Leveau's office. He thinks...
0) 1171) text: Both Martha and Mother Miriam show relief at this. Justic Leveau continues to sum up in French when suddenly Agnes stands up. (surprised) Oui. Do you have something to say?