1) 0) text: Bill and Ted, in their mid-40’s, in suits, walk up to a microphone. Behind them, a banner reads “CONGRATULATIONS DEACON AND MISSY.” We are at a wedding. Garden-variety, middle class Joanna and Elizabeth are there (also in their mid 40's). Elizabeth is with WILL (18); Joanna is with THEO (also 18 The guys are buoyant, exuberant-- utterly unflappable.
1) 7) text: Deacon - my congratulations. Missy - Bill and I - along with Joanna and Elizabeth, and Will and Theo - welcome you back with open arms. Elizabeth, Joanna, Will and Theo all raise glasses.
4) 0) text: And Joanna stops as she sees: Elizabeth and Ted, also in waiting room. Elizabeth is equally surprised. Ted is not.
4) 28) dialog: We moved 600 years in the future to be with you. To be your partners. But it’s like all you think about is the song.. 16.
4) 30) dialog: And it’s like we and the boys are not even there.
4) 32) dialog: I guess what I’m saying is.. If things don’t change.. I don’t know how much longer I can go on like this. Ted is stunned. He looks at Bill. Bill turns to Joanna.
5) 0) text: Ted and Elizabeth, in tense silence. Ted glances over - s just stares straight ahead. They pull up to the end of --
18) 0) text: Joanna and Elizabeth - in 1428 attire - are at a table in courtyard, chatting with family and friends. Will and The in modern attire - are also there, chatting amiably with their grandparents: the Duke and Duchess of North Umberla
18) 10) dialog: That nice man from the future showed up and asked if we needed anything. And we told him we would very much like to come home for a while.
18) 13) dialog: .-What? No, we’re not.
18) 21) dialog: Wait - what are you talking about? In five years you’re living in a van - with your dad - drinking too much? The guys realize they might actually be making things wor The women are starting to eye them differently: worried, in a way they weren't before.
18) 28) dialog: I’m not entirely sure it was the right thing to do.
18) 30) dialog: Why were you drinking so much, Ted?
18) 32) dialog: Maybe we do need a little more time than we thought.
18) 34) dialog: But you don’t even drink.
49) 74) dialog: Ted? Suddenly swords appear at their necks.
49) 84) dialog: Ted.
50) 9) dialog: Sorry! Sorry! They make their way through, fending off whatever “obstac are in their way. Bill and Ted turn to Rollins..
50) 22) dialog: Dozens of times.
51) 0) text: 95 year old Bill and Ted, on rocking chairs, smiling, hap strumming guitars together as we PULL AWAY and see.. More GRANDCHILDREN sitting at their feet. And Joanna and Elizabeth - 95 now, too - at their sides. Will and Theo - now 75 - with them. There are GREAT GRANDCHILDREN.. 99. even GREAT GREAT GRANDCHILDREN. The lawn is full, teeming with life. And that voice we heard at the very beginning of the movi belongs to 95 YEAR OLD BILL - who looks out, with 95 YEAR TED - at the generation upon generation of family before them.. They are completing the telling of a long, long story: