1) 0) text: Bill and Ted, in their mid-40’s, in suits, walk up to a microphone. Behind them, a banner reads “CONGRATULATIONS DEACON AND MISSY.” We are at a wedding. Garden-variety, middle class Joanna and Elizabeth are there (also in their mid 40's). Elizabeth is with WILL (18); Joanna is with THEO (also 18 The guys are buoyant, exuberant-- utterly unflappable.
1) 7) text: Deacon - my congratulations. Missy - Bill and I - along with Joanna and Elizabeth, and Will and Theo - welcome you back with open arms. Elizabeth, Joanna, Will and Theo all raise glasses.
3) 0) text: Bill and Joanna ride up in silence. They get off and ente
4) 0) text: And Joanna stops as she sees: Elizabeth and Ted, also in waiting room. Elizabeth is equally surprised. Ted is not.
4) 2) dialog: I’m sorry - is this the right day?
4) 4) dialog: But.. Now the other door opens and the THERAPIST sticks his hea out - a bit surprised to see TWO couples in his waiting r 14. INT. THERAPIST’S OFFICE - A MOMENT LATER Bill, with Joanna, and Ted, with Elizabeth, sit across fr the Therapist. It’s a little crowded on the couch.
4) 25) dialog: Well.. Okay. I know you love me, Bill. However - and I can’t speak for Elizabeth, but.. you guys are gone over two hundred nights a year. Every time you go out on tour to make money, you come back deeper in debt.
4) 27) dialog: I know. I know it’s a burden for you. And I know you feel as though you have to do it yourselves. But you don’t. We literally left everything behind, our families, our friends..
4) 29) dialog: The mission..
6) 0) text: Where TWO HOUSES share a driveway at the end of a quiet middle-class street. As they pull in -- A GEO METRO is already there, and Bill and Joanna are get out - also with palpable tension between them. (What is clear to us now is: they all live right next doo to each other, and share a driveway - and garage.) As the women head towards the Logan house, Bill and Ted j each other.
18) 0) text: Joanna and Elizabeth - in 1428 attire - are at a table in courtyard, chatting with family and friends. Will and The in modern attire - are also there, chatting amiably with their grandparents: the Duke and Duchess of North Umberla
18) 8) dialog: What are you two doing here? We need some time away.
18) 11) dialog: So he brought us here. Bill and Ted exchange a glance: “Why would he do that?” T turns to Elizabeth.
18) 29) dialog: Yes, maybe those future you’s were a little bit right.
18) 36) dialog: I think we’d like you to leave now.
18) 38) dialog: Are you paying any attention?
49) 73) dialog: Bill?
49) 85) dialog: Bill.
50) 20) dialog: It’s a great song, Theo. Just go ahead and play it.
51) 0) text: 95 year old Bill and Ted, on rocking chairs, smiling, hap strumming guitars together as we PULL AWAY and see.. More GRANDCHILDREN sitting at their feet. And Joanna and Elizabeth - 95 now, too - at their sides. Will and Theo - now 75 - with them. There are GREAT GRANDCHILDREN.. 99. even GREAT GREAT GRANDCHILDREN. The lawn is full, teeming with life. And that voice we heard at the very beginning of the movi belongs to 95 YEAR OLD BILL - who looks out, with 95 YEAR TED - at the generation upon generation of family before them.. They are completing the telling of a long, long story: