31) 0) text: It’s a bright, cold Christmas morning. Mrs Kehoe and Eili are on their way to Father Flood’s lunch. They’re both carrying big bags of potatoes.
32) 0) text: The hall is old, and shabby, but it has been decorated wi paper streamers, and it looks cheery and welcoming. There several long trestle tables, each the length of the hall. Eilis and many other women, including Mrs Kehoe, all wear paper hats, are laying the tables. Father Flood looks on anxiously.
33) 0) text: Two men, both in their sixties, are swinging punches at e other. Some of the men watch on amused; Father Flood and couple of the others try to separate them. 47 48 49 50 51 'Brooklyn' YELLOW Script Dated 24th April 2014 32.
34) 0) text: The room is nearly empty. Father Flood, Eilis and the oth ladies are trying to rouse some of the casualties of the lunch; it’s like a battlefield. One or two of the men are lying in pools of their own urine.
53) 0) text: Eilis is walking down a Brooklyn street on an early summe evening, holding an envelope. The trees are green, childr are playing in the street, the last of the daylight is glinting off the roofs. Eilis takes it all in; she’s happ She reaches Father Flood’s parish house and knocks on the door.
54) 0) text: Father Flood is scanning the letter contained in the enve while Eilis watches him intently. He hands it back to her thoughtfully. (CONTINUED)
60) 0) text: Father Flood and Eilis are sitting on two chairs in the middle, knees almost touching. Eilis is staring at the fl in shock; Father Flood is watching her with enormous tenderness and concern.
63) 0) text: Eilis is sitting in a chair in Father Flood’s office. She nervous and pale. Father Flood is pacing around. They are both watching the telephone. (CONTINUED)
68) 0) text: Eilis and Tony are in the waiting room in City Hall; ther are a couple of other parties waiting to get married, but they really are parties, with friends and parents and siblings. The group sitting nearest to them contains an e or nine year-old boy, Frankie’s age, who is bored, and getting into trouble with his parents. Tony leaves Eilis sitting on a chair and starts fooling around with the boy they play bat and ball with a rolled-up newspaper and a l plastic ball that the kid has been playing catch with. Th boy’s father comes over.
68) 1) dialog: Is he annoying you? Because he was annoying me. The father is Irish.
68) 3) dialog: (grinning) Is it so obvious? (CONTINUED)
68) 7) dialog: Sometimes it seems as though there can’t be anybody left at home. Where’s your girl from?
68) 9) dialog: I think my wife has family there, but she’s got family everywhere.
68) 14) dialog: Good luck. Eilis takes his arm. Tony kisses her on her cheek and the walk off to get married. 108 EXT. MRS KEHOE’S HOUSE. NIGHT 108 Tony and Eilis are kissing outside Mrs Kehoe’s. Eilis bre off and looks at him.