10) 47) dialog: There's been some trouble downtown.
10) 49) dialog: What the papers used to call a "gangland slaying."
10) 51) dialog: No, Terry.  They don't work like that. Jenny Wilson's father paid a little visit, left a message.
10) 53) dialog: Well, either they have a very liberal work-release program, or he's out, because he's here in L.A., looking for you. Valentine is a little ruffled.  Maybe Avery likes that.
10) 55) dialog: We wait, and we watch. Valentine just looks at him. EXT. VALENTINE'S HOUSE.  POOLSIDE.  EVENING. Adhara approaches Valentine, who stands staring at the po
18) 15) dialog: Is just arriving in his car.  Valentine gestures at him. Suddenly we HEAR a loud, bass-heavy WHHUUUMMMPPP. Valentine (and a few others) turn toward the sound, which came from:
18) 23) dialog: In his car, takes a different turn. EXT. ROAD.  CAR. Swerves some more curves.  Should be some sense here that similar skyline route would have been taken by Wilson's daughter on her final drive. INT. WILSON'S CAR.
18) 31) dialog: Falls backwards to the ground as he gets the hell out of way.
18) 35) dialog: Their eyes meet momentarily.  And before Wilson can shoot Avery rolls over the edge of the road himself.
18) 40) dialog: Pulls himself back up to the road.  Brushing himself off. Looking the way they went. He gently tosses his shotgun down into some thick brush w maybe he'll retrieve it later. EXT. VALENTINE'S HOUSE.  AFTERNOON. Avery returns, sweating, walking back up the road to wher all the action is.  Party guests milling outside, waiting their cars so they can leave.  A fire truck, a police car SMOKE pouring out of Valentine's garage. Valentine finishes talking to a couple of COPS.  Walks ov Avery.
18) 41) dialog: You should have let me do the talking.
18) 44) dialog: (more concerned about police presence)
18) 48) dialog: Heavier than that now.  But are there any drugs in that stomach to back up your story.
18) 50) dialog: And where is this guest?  Don't they want to interview him.
18) 52) text: Maybe he was Gordon's pusher. Avery stares at Valentine.  Impressed at him thinking on feet.
18) 54) dialog: (already turning)
18) 58) dialog: You could use a few of my prime shitkickers up here.
18) 60) dialog: There's already gonna be talk about how people close to you keep falling into canyons.
18) 62) dialog: I have other resources. He turns to go. EXT. VALENTINE'S HOUSE.  CANYON.  AFTERNOON. The huge dead bulk of Gordon hoisted back up to the deck paramedic team. INT. VALENTINE'S HOUSE. Valentine comes back in.  In the living room beyond, Adha stands anxiously, where she's been waiting for him.  Cops visible outside on the deck, peering over the edge.
20) 1) dialog: Walks in.  Stops to look around.  Spots his two freaks. Walks toward them.
20) 3) dialog: Makes contact.
20) 4) dialog: Stacy. Stacy turns to see him.  Uncle John looks vacantly.
20) 7) dialog: Come over here. That was in the way of an order.  He nods around the corn where it's less crowded.  Stacy stops Uncle John from following, and goes after Avery.
20) 9) dialog: Speaks softly.  Alone with Stacy.
20) 10) dialog: How they goin', kid?
20) 12) dialog: How'd you like to kill someone for me?
20) 14) dialog: Same as last time -- the rest after.
20) 17) dialog: When you find the guy, you'll know.
20) 19) dialog: I'll point you in the right direction, but you'll have to take it to the end- zone.  He's a hit-and-run gunman -- I figure he's not cruising the Polo Lounge.
20) 21) dialog: See, a successful man like me has limitations -- I lose touch at a street level.  So I have to depend on a smart boy like you who's closer to the nitty and the gritty than I am.
20) 23) dialog: That's why I'm letting you take care of this.  I'm the one with appearances to maintain.  But who gives a shit about you?  Not even God.
26) 3) text: Avery said she was tight with his daughter.
32) 3) dialog: At a payphone.  His idiots in the background.  Dials a number. INT. POOL HALL.  DAY. Stacy.  Nasty bruise on his cheek.  Takes a cue off the r Chalks up.
36) 16) text: -- courier or something.  Maybe a seller. Maybe a buyer.  But Mr. Avery wanted him, those jigs wanted him -- and I betcha there's a briefcase somewhere.
38) 18) dialog: (to Valentine)
40) 0) text: Adhara sways in a hammock.  Staring at Valentine.  Wantin know what the hell is going on. Valentine stands smoking at the rail, looking out over th dark sea.  Ignoring Adhara.  Avery sits at a table. Bodyguards visible inside the house.
41) 9) text: Wilson and Ed watching him.  Wilson nods his head to the left, and Ed moves in that direction.  Wilson moves quiet off to the right. INT. VALENTINE HOUSE.  LIVING ROOM.  NIGHT. Valentine and Avery, still watching TV.
41) 11) text: Check the news. Avery starts looking around.
41) 12) dialog: Where's the remote? Suddenly, we hear a CAR ALARM.  Tom looks up from his magazine.  Valentine looks to Avery, who shakes his head: It's nothing. EXT. BIG SUR HOUSE.  DRIVEWAY.  NIGHT. Rick turns and looks up the driveway toward the sound.  H puts his cigarette out. EXT. BIG SUR HOUSE.  BACK YARD.  NIGHT. Larry has turned toward the sound as well.  Through a partially obscured side entrance, he sees Rick walking up driveway. EXT. BIG SUR HOUSE.  DRIVEWAY.  NIGHT. Rick walks away from us, toward the vehicle (the Land Cru they drove here) parked up the driveway.  We lose sight o him as he crosses to the driver's side.  The alarm goes o We hold for several beats.  He doesn't emerge. INT. BIG SUR HOUSE.  LIVING ROOM.  NIGHT. Valentine and Avery are still looking for the remote.  Av stops, his attention drawn to the fact that he hasn't hea anything from Larry.  He crosses to the window.
41) 14) dialog: His brow furrows.
41) 19) dialog: Leaves the window and moves to Valentine.  Tom has joined them.  After a beat:
41) 20) dialog: Turn all the lights out.  I'll get Adhara. Tom begins looking for the light switches.
41) 22) dialog: Stay away from the windows. EXT. BIG SUR HOUSE.  BACK YARD.  NIGHT. Tableau.  Avery exits the kitchen and takes the surroundi porch to the bedroom.  Are we seeing this from someone's INT. BIG SUR HOUSE.  BEDROOM.  NIGHT. Adhara, finished dressing, looking at herself in the mirr The lights behind her go off.  She turns to see Avery com toward her to turn off the lights by the mirror.
41) 24) dialog: I need you to come with me.
41) 26) dialog: Please. She sees in his expression that something is up.
41) 29) dialog: (off)
41) 31) dialog: Entering the kitchen with Adhara in tow.  He brings her around behind the counter.
41) 32) dialog: Everybody in the kitchen. Valentine and Tom move to join Avery and Adhara.
41) 33) dialog: Behind the counter. Everyone moves behind the large counter in the center of kitchen and crouches down.  They have a wall behind them all the windows in front of them.
41) 35) text: What's going on? Avery and Tom have drawn their guns.
41) 46) dialog: Because I'm taking care of it.
41) 51) dialog: Draws his gun and takes aim.
41) 53) dialog: Locked on him, waiting.
41) 56) dialog: He sees enough.  Squeezes off a series of SHOTS, the muzz flash strobing the kitchen area like a flashbulb, Adhara Valentine flinching.
41) 58) dialog: Lowers his gun.  Turns to Tom.
41) 59) dialog: Watch my back. Avery moves out from behind the counter and heads for the body. EXT. BIG SUR HOUSE.  BACK PORCH.  NIGHT. Avery makes his way to the figure, which is on its stomac and writhing slightly.
41) 60) dialog: Careful.  Takes the gun and turns the body over.
41) 62) dialog: Puzzled.  What the hell is this guy doing here?  He start feeling around Stacy's jacket for anything useful, but is interrupted when his hand EXPLODES, accompanied by the so of a gunshot.  He screams in pain. INT. BIG SUR HOUSE.  KITCHEN.  NIGHT. Valentine and Adhara drop to the floor.  Tom, gun raised pointing, tries to see who shot Avery. EXT. BIG SUR HOUSE.  BACK PORCH.  NIGHT. Avery is turning toward his assailant, but not fast enoug A shot rings out and part of his neck disappears in a blo of blood.  Stunned, he falls on his side, gasping.
41) 63) text: Uncle John.  Close by, huddled by the lip of the cliff. starts to move cautiously toward Avery and Stacy. INT. BIG SUR HOUSE.  KITCHEN.  NIGHT. Tom squints, trying to see.
41) 83) dialog: Near death.  Gun in his good hand.  He squeezes the trigg again.
41) 85) dialog: Exhales and rolls over.
41) 109) dialog: Has just barely managed to reach Stacy's pistol.  Raises weakly.  Points it at Wilson.
41) 111) dialog: Lowers the gun.  Nods in the direction Valentine went.
41) 112) dialog: ... that way ... Wilson moves on.  Avery just lies there, presumably to di EXT. BIG SUR HOUSE.  STEPS.  NIGHT. Valentine hurries down the rickety steps.  Trying not to in the darkness, though there are tiny Malibu lights illuminating the steep and winding wooden framework. EXT. BEACH.  NIGHT. A rocky cove.  Valentine looks back up the way he came, HEARING the FOOTSTEPS coming down after him.  Backs away few paces on the slippery rocks.  Falls. Lands on the crumpled, dead body of LARRY, the bodyguard, was thrown off the cliff.  Valentine recoils.  When Wilso appears, Valentine FIRES at him.  A wild shot that only m Wilson duck momentarily.  Valentine scrambles to his feet runs on.