0) 0) text: WILSON steps out into the late sunlight and the heat of t day.  A slow-motion moment while he gets acclimatized.  H wouldn't have ever felt quite this kind of heat before. After such a rigorously air-conditioned interior.  Or see cops wearing guns on their belts.  Or black cops, for tha matter, with guns on their belts.  Or seen people as fat Americans on their home turf.  Things someone from Englan notices immediately, whether consciously at first or not.
1) 0) text: Wilson's not here for comfort.  Shown to a shitty room, r the corner of a typical 2nd-level outside walkway.  Airpo close by. INT. MOTEL ROOM.  EVENING. He draws a curtain open across a window in one strong eas glide.  His moves are neat.  His expressions just as economical, not giving much away.  Outside the planes are practically on top of us. The sunset colors strange and chemical. He's only got one light bag.  Unzips, unpacks a few thing Change of clothes, a travel kit, and some familiar items (shaving foam/toothpaste/deodorant} bearing unfamiliar British brand names. Goes into the bathroom.  Turns on the shower in there. Comes back to sit on the bed.  Takes an envelope out of h jacket.
2) 0) text: Wilson in the back.  Stares at the impenetrable name on t driver's posted ID. Glances at the driver. DRIVER glances back at his quiet passenger in the rearvie mirror.
3) 0) text: Wilson walks up a cracked little path to the front door. Lower middle-class street.  Two cars in the driveway, one behind the other.  Lights on inside the house -- as he ri the bell.
3) 3) dialog: Eduardo. (rolling the R)
3) 7) dialog: Wilson? Knows the name.  But just now it's unexpected.  He's hold a hot TV dinner, hand protected by a dish towel.
4) 0) text: Ed takes Wilson inside.
4) 1) dialog: I didn't expect anyone.
4) 3) dialog: I mean, what has it been -- six months?
4) 5) dialog: I didn't even know who I was writing to -- just someone with the same last name. She never talked about any family.
4) 8) dialog: Huh?
4) 10) dialog: Now, wait up a second, man. And paces back and forth.
4) 11) dialog: I never said nothin' about nothin' like that.  No, no, no.  That's not what I wrote to you.
4) 13) dialog: Look, I sent you that newspaper clipping, all right?  I told you what I know.  It was an accident.  I didn't say anything about anybody being "snuffed." Beat.
4) 15) dialog: Terry Valentine.
4) 17) dialog: I dunno.  What's he gonna say?  They had a fight that night, she drove away, she was upset?  I don't even know the guy. Don't get me wrong, Jenny and me were friends, but we didn't travel in the same social circles.  She had her life, I had mine. Makes a kind of scoffing gesture:  and you can see what m life is.
4) 18) dialog: Valentine came into the restaurant where I work with Jenny a couple times.  He's a money guy.  Jenny would say, hey, here's my friend Eddie and he would shake my hand and everything, but he wouldn't even see me, you know what I mean. Wilson gazes up at the sky.  Clear night.  Stars.
4) 20) text: Near on ten years, wasn't it?  Long enough to know her way about, I reckon. Ed leans down, palms on the tabletop, facing Wilson.
4) 21) dialog: There was an investigation, okay?  The car was totalled.  Jennifer was ... Her neck was broken.  On impact, they said. So she wouldn't have ... felt the effects of the fire. (helpless shrug)
4) 22) text: It happens up there.  Happens a lot. What more can I tell you. Wilson taps out a cigarette from a pack of "Silk Cut" he' produced from his pocket.
4) 24) dialog: I'm just sayin' -- it was a steep hillside.  There was no moon that night ... Wilson's quiet stillness is getting to him.
4) 25) dialog: Coulda happened to anyone, man.  I never knew her to be reckless.  I mean, sure, she would smoke a little grass, or something, have a few drinks.  But that's it, nothing more than that.
4) 28) dialog: I dunno ... Maybe they do. Wilson notes the tattoos on Ed's forearms.
4) 30) dialog: (looks away)
4) 33) dialog: I knew when I was droppin' that letter into the mail slot it was gonna come back and smack me in the face. (looks at Wilson again)
4) 37) dialog: You kiddin', man?  I don't need a wife and screamin' kids.  I still got my youth. And yet -- he lives here.  Wilson declines to pursue the matter.
4) 38) dialog: I go to work, try to keep my life together, put all that shit behind me, man.  What d'you want from me.
4) 40) text: I only asked. Ed sighs.  Reaches for one of Wilson's cigarettes.
4) 41) dialog: Couple weeks before she died, Jennifer asked me to drive her downtown.  Said she was meeting -- her boyfriend -- Valentine.  But I think she was looking for him. <i>FLASH CUTS: ED AND JENNIFER. In a car, downtown. She has the same ste intensity as her father. Ed looks a little worried.</i>
4) 44) dialog: That's what I thought, man.  But it was not a hotel or nothin' that we went to. It was someplace else.
4) 46) dialog: Bad place, man.  Bad people.  Some guys loading some trucks.  Some kinda deal goin' down. (anticipating Wilson's next question)
4) 49) dialog: (shrugs)
4) 50) text: Valentine wasn't even there.  If he was into something, if she was involved -- who can say. (stands up again)
4) 53) dialog: I drove her back to Valentine's house. <i>FLASH CUT: VALENTINE. Standing in front of his house. His expression says: We have something to discuss.</i>
4) 54) dialog: He was standing outside waiting for her. That's the only other time I ever saw him. (a short sad note)
4) 55) text: Last time I saw her. He meets Wilson's gaze.  As hard and pointed as a drill through his skull.
5) 0) text: Ed drives Wilson back to his motel.  Wilson silent.  Ed s not quite sure who he's dealing with.  Is this really or merely a grieving dad?
5) 1) dialog: What you gonna do, man?  You gonna go to the cops?
5) 3) dialog: Those streets up in the hills, man. Gotta be real careful, keep your eye on the ball.  Two o'clock in the morning, it's dark, your mind is all agitated, you're drivin' a little too fast ... (beat)
5) 5) dialog: You should talk to Elaine.  That was her best friend.
5) 7) dialog: She didn't know what to say. (shrugs)
5) 8) text: I thought someone should say something. To someone.  With me it was, I don't know -- Jenny liked me for some reason.  I felt like I owed her.
5) 10) dialog: (self-conscious again)
5) 14) dialog: I already told you, man.  Corcoran.  Know what that is?  State prison.
5) 16) dialog: But that's not me anymore.  That's when I was into the gang lifestyle.  That's not who I am now.  Five years in the joint -- that's it for me, man. Now Wilson drops the clanger.
6) 0) text: Wilson out of the car, shuts the passenger door.  Ed on t other side, looks over the roof at him.
6) 1) dialog: Go home, man. (plane taking off in background)
6) 4) dialog: (comes quickly over)
6) 7) dialog: (an urgent whisper)
6) 10) text: Thought perhaps there'd be dispensing machines, you know.  Bung in your coins, come out with a .44 Magnum, fully-loaded. Ed throws up his hands, walks back to his driver's side d
6) 11) dialog: Are you a resident of California? You gonna fill out forms, man?  Do the background check?  Go through a three-day waiting period?
6) 13) dialog: Probation?  Man, you crazy.  They shouldn't've let you outta your country, much less prison.
6) 16) dialog: As if resigned and mulling the problem over:
6) 17) dialog: Under the table?
7) 0) text: Hundreds of tables.  Under bright lights.  Displaying eve kind of firearm.  Handguns, rifles, shotguns, parts to ma machine guns.  A weapons bazaar.
7) 11) dialog: (he'll talk if Wilson won't)
7) 15) dialog: What'd you call that -- the Protector?
7) 17) dialog: CQ what?
7) 29) text: Packs a punch, but it's compact, has accessible features -- makes a nice concealed-carry piece.
7) 30) dialog: (playing the reluctant buyer)
7) 31) text: He don't have a concealed weapons permit.
7) 38) dialog: Not me, man.
8) 0) text: Ed drives.  Nervous at Wilson handling his new gun purcha beside him.
8) 2) text: -- Goin' abroad. Ed shakes his head at Wilson's sense of humor.
8) 3) dialog: You hadda show up on a weekend.  This weekend.  Wouldn't've even been a gun show ... for another month.
8) 5) dialog: Now what.  You gonna take your new arsenal, go visit Terry Valentine, just like that?  Boom bam boom.
8) 7) dialog: Five years, I think.  Long time.
8) 9) dialog: (remembering)
8) 10) text: Jenny told me she met him at the beach. Got blinded by his smile. (beat)
8) 11) text: You believe that shit?  Son of a bitch never smiled at me.  Buried her at a "private" service.  Private for who. Him?
8) 13) text: Hang about.  I thought you said he come into the restaurant where you worked with Jenny.
8) 14) dialog: He came in with Jenny to the restaurant where I work.  That's not where they met.
8) 16) dialog: No, no -- Jenny used to work as a waitress.  Before she met him.  But that's not where she met me.  Not in my restaurant.
8) 18) dialog: Oh, Jenny was in my acting class.
9) 0) text: Wilson at the wheel himself.  Getting the hang of L.A. Driving downtown.  Along one of the major boulevards. Glances at a street sign as he goes by.  Picks up the map book on the seat beside him to check his route. EXT. BOULEVARD.  DAY. Wilson makes a sudden lane change to avoid getting fed in wrong direction.  Gets HONKED by another driver. EXT. A STREET DOWNTOWN.  DAY. Wilson cruises past a particular building.  We don't have really clearly see it just yet (we saw it in the flash cu more important we see him seeing it.  Casing it with the of a professional.  Sniffing it out; the instinct of a predator after prey. INT. CAR.  DAY. Parks it.  Produces the little leather travel kit we saw unpack at his motel.  Unzips it.  Under the usual assortm of clippers, razors, etc., is a hidden layer -- storing s more personalized items:  a set of select slim lockpicking/cutting tools. EXT. SIDE STREET.  DAY. Wilson locks the car.  Walks away.  STAY with him.
10) 0) text: Wilson is taken outside and dumped.  After a moment, he g to his feet.  Dusting himself.  Reaches for ANOTHER GUN t in his lower back.  He re-enters the building. A beat.  We hear several SHOTS. Seconds later, one of the Meat Puppets comes stumbling ou the door, terrified.  He runs past us, fast. A moment later, Wilson emerges, gun in hand.
10) 4) text: A figure by the pool, talking on the phone.  His back to The pool is spectacular, mosaic tile bottomed.
10) 7) text: Not before.  Not before.  Think about it. What does it mean?  What -- no, I'm not. Think.  Yes.  See?  You figured it out all by yourself.  I know.  Are we done? Okay. He hangs up, stands, still doesn't turn.
11) 10) text: Funny that.  One thing she never tried to get me to stop. Elaine doesn't soften.
11) 27) text: Hardly buried.  Earning interest, love. Earning interest in an offshore account. Tidy little premium per annum, that.
12) 7) text: If it played in England somebody owes me money.  Who told you that -- Eddie?
12) 18) text: Only difference is you can't get arrested afterwards. Wilson appears fascinated by the cold glasses of water on table.  Ice cubes CLINKING as he holds his.  A BUSBOY bringing them to other people, too, just like that, witho anyone even asking.
12) 22) text: Ashamed.
12) 27) text: About the convict strain -- or is it stain?  No, I was privileged.  I was someone who helped Jenny efface her past.
12) 33) text: Central School of Speech and Drama. It's no doddle gettin' in there, y'know. At seventeen.  They offered her a place at RADA n' all, only she'd've had to wait till the next session and she was always in hurry to get on, was Jenny.  She could talk posh without any training, when she was knee-high to a grasshopper. (indicating himself)
12) 42) text: She enjoyed life.
13) 25) text: That's what was estimated.
13) 27) text: Something had happened to Jen. They stand here a while.  Listening to the BREAKERS hit t shore.
15) 0) text: Thickets part and we SEE Wilson scrambling up a rather st hill.  Coming to a ridge where he settles down to look at something O.S.  His expression changes by degrees from curiosity to dawning realization to a kind of frustrated disappointment. INT. WILSON'S CAR (ON THE ROAD BELOW).  LATE AFTERNOON. Ed sits in here, RADIO on.  Wilson appears out of the bru gets in.  Ed turns the radio down.
15) 1) dialog: (mindful of the odd car driving past)
15) 4) dialog: (alarmed)
15) 8) dialog: Huh?
15) 10) dialog: What?
15) 12) dialog: Has he?
15) 15) dialog: That was one of them?
15) 17) text: See what I mean?  Wearing bloomin' uniforms n' all. Off Ed's perplexed look ... EXT. HILLSIDE UNDERBRUSH.  LATE AFTERNOON. Wilson settles into position again, this time with Ed.
15) 20) dialog: Those aren't guards.  They're valets.
15) 21) text: Now we SEE what Wilson had mistaken for Valentine's priva army.  Half a dozen VALETS outside Valentine's hilltop ho Dressed in matching attire, a couple of them wielding wal talkies.
15) 24) dialog: Valets.  They park cars.  He's having a party.
16) 0) text: Wilson's car pulls up.  He and Ed get out.  Wilson engage a mini tug-of-war with a Valet over his car key, it so ru him the wrong way having to give it up.
16) 5) dialog: (nervous being here)
16) 6) text: I thought you just wanted to check out the house, man.
16) 8) dialog: No one else is even here yet.
16) 12) text: Dubonnet with a twist?  Baby sham? Tomato juice and Tabasco sauce? By now his whole dynamic with Ed is a verbal tease.
16) 13) dialog: (to Bartender)
16) 14) text: Got a Coke? INT. VALENTINE'S BEDROOM.  AFTERNOON. Valentine is checking himself in a full-length mirror.  T in background, sound low (ENTERTAINMENT WEEK!).  Not quit satisfied, Valentine crosses to the bathroom.
16) 25) text: That was the 60's. With that exit line (practiced?), he starts to go. Then pauses, turns again.
16) 29) text: A framed photo of JENNY, his daughter.
17) 30) text: Flipping heck. Ed, a little more accustomed to L.A. architecture, nods i agreement.
17) 31) dialog: If you could afford a house like this you would buy a house like this. Wilson edges forward to the rail again.
17) 33) dialog: Faith. They stand there looking out.  Quite a view once you get to it.  Breeze. ED (cont'd) (nods to the hazy distance)
17) 37) dialog: Okay. Ed moves off.  Valentine steps up, smile fully loaded.
18) 0) text: Ed, waiting.  Wilson enters.
18) 7) dialog: You goin' back inside?
18) 13) text: Gordon -- a crumpled, inert heap way down the hill below.
18) 18) dialog: You steady on, man.  What the fuck else did you do back there. EXT. ROAD. An especially sharp curve looms ahead.
18) 24) dialog: Why didn't you just kill him, you had the chance.
18) 26) dialog: Too easy?
18) 28) dialog: You think a fuckin' guy like that ever will?  What more do you want, man? Suddenly out of nowhere -- (a side street) -- BAM! -- ano car shoots out to cut them off, sideswiping them. EXT. ROAD. Wilson's car SKIDS into a spin from the impact.
18) 36) dialog: Calls frantically to Wilson from their car.
18) 37) dialog: C'mon, man!  C'mon! SIRENS in the distance.
18) 52) text: Maybe he was Gordon's pusher. Avery stares at Valentine.  Impressed at him thinking on feet.
18) 57) text: No.  I mean.  Not even your people should be involved.  Right?  It's too close now.
19) 0) text: Safely down the hill.  Driving away in traffic, Ed calmer now.
20) 0) text: Two characters stand, leaning, against a back wall.  Star ahead, without purpose.  Halfheartedly watching a game of pool in progress.  Just hanging out.  Strange, threatenin characters.  One of them is young.  Lean, hungry-looking. STACY is his name.  A shrewd, scheming kid.  But definite little unhinged.  Weirder is his companion.  UNCLE JOHN. title isn't one of courtesy.  He's an actual blood relati Maybe 25 years older than Stacy.  But intellectually youn Physically, much bigger.  The man is huge.  Nevertheless, safer of the two -- until Stacy tells him otherwise.  Way they're standing next to each other suggests the ease the feel in each other's company.  Tight bond.  They're good buddies.
21) 0) text: Wilson on the bed.  Watching TV (ACCESS HOLLYWOOD!).  KNO at door.  He turns down the TV.  Takes a .45 from the spr under the bed.  Looks carefully through the peephole in t door. Opens it.  Elaine has come to visit.  Lets her in.  After closing the door resumes his position on the bed. Elaine looks around.
21) 2) text: Study the architecture of early David Lynch. But she doesn't really have it in her to be ironic right Leans back against the door. Wilson remains silent.  He's done the same to Elaine now he did to Ed.  Almost magically induced her to a confessi verge. Elaine, too, isn't sure she wants to be complicit in this revenge tragedy.  But here goes:
21) 13) text: She said if anything ever happened ... (realizes)
21) 15) text: Jenny's telling you. She's sitting on the bed now.
23) 0) text: Early. INT. WILSON'S ROOM. Wilson and Elaine.  Getting dressed.  She's in pantyhose. Fastening a bra.  He's got trousers on, reaching for a sh
23) 3) text: Christ, my past became nostalgia and no one even asked me.
24) 10) text: Seniority and all that.  But if I'm getting paid the same hourly rate when we're at the house as I am in this car, that doesn't sit well with me and I feel obliged to say so.  'Cause in Seattle what you're paying now for so-called travel time was half what we got for actual clock-time with the client.  So I just feel we should get more when the job actually commences. After this spineless whining weak-willed sob story, Larry just turns to him and says:
25) 2) text: I believe in mocking the afflicted.  Good for 'em.  Makes 'em stronger. Uncle John picks at the grass or sand.  As they kill the
25) 16) text: Looks like they just airbrushed the dick out of his mouth.
25) 18) text: Why don't they have TV shows about people whose daily lives you'd be interested in watching.  Y'know.  Like SKINNY LITTLE WEAKLING.  Or BIG FAT GUY.  SICK OLD MAN. FAMILY OF LOSERS.  Wouldn't that be good?
25) 36) text: Look at that one.  She's really been used.
28) 16) text: Dropped dead in the stalls in the Odeon, Muswell Hill.  Watching Doris Day.
29) 0) text: Wilson and Elaine turn the corner into the corridor approaching her apartment door.  Pause to kiss.  Walk clo And Stacy appears at the other end of the hall.  Both arm stretched out with the .38 at the end of them.
31) 0) text: Thompson leads Wilson past a row of windows.  Dockyards, harbor activity outside.  Toward a door with things stencilled on it.  One of them:  US DEPT. OF CUSTOMS. INT. OFFICE. A man named FEATHER.  Black.  Half sitting on the edge of table.  Wilson is shown in. Wilson at the door.  Sizes Feather up at a glance.
31) 2) text: How's it going, squire, all right?  Now listen -- when I was in the nick -- second time, it was -- no, third.  Third stretch, yeah.  There was this screw had it in for me.  That geezer was top of my list.  Two years after I was slung, I saw him.  He was sitting on a bench in Holland Park.  There was no one else about.  I coulda gone up behind him and snapped his fucking neck.  But I left it. Coulda nobbled him, but I didn't.  'Cos what I thought I wanted wasn't what I wanted.  What I thought I was thinking about was something else.  This berk on the bench wasn't worth my time.  See what I mean?  It didn't matter.  It meant sod all in the end. Feather has been listening to this, expressionless.  Now raises a finger as if there's a point he wants clarified.
31) 17) text: I can see how all this import-export malarkey might give rise to confusion where I'm concerned.  A foreigner, showing up unexpectedly, like.
32) 19) text: We've been fired.
33) 0) text: Ed takes off an apron, heads out the door.  It's clear th he's not the head chef here -- because the HEAD CHEF, an Anglo, turns, wondering where he's going.  Over this we h
33) 19) text: That's where Valentine's scarpered.
33) 24) text: You shouldn't go back to your place.  Not till ... this is resolved. Another beat.
34) 0) text: Ed gets into Wilson's car.  Elaine in there too.
35) 0) text: Wilson's rented car.  Heading for Big Sur. INT. CAR. Ed drives.  Wilson beside him.  Elaine in the back.
35) 1) dialog: What d'you say, Elaine?
35) 3) dialog: Same.
35) 5) dialog: Last time I saw you, weren't you up for some equity-waiver thing?
35) 7) dialog: I was gonna be in that Michael Mann movie, you know -- with Pacino and DeNiro.  Got three callbacks.
35) 9) dialog: Didn't get it.
35) 11) dialog: Not no more, they ain't.  I quit that acting shit, man.
35) 13) dialog: Hell, no.  I started writing. Elaine and Wilson exchange glances. EXT. HIGHWAY.  DAY. Onwards.
36) 13) text: "He ain't wrong."  Listen, I know this asshole who did just go to work for him. Full-time.  And this dickhead's parents just told me he took a road trip up the coast.  That's the type of individual gets hired, someone who'll shoot his mouth off to his family while on the job.
36) 16) text: -- courier or something.  Maybe a seller. Maybe a buyer.  But Mr. Avery wanted him, those jigs wanted him -- and I betcha there's a briefcase somewhere.
37) 0) text: Wilson's car. Closer to Big Sur.  Scenery more magnificent. INT. WILSON'S CAR. Ed still driving.  Wilson next to him.  Opening a new cigarette pack.
37) 1) dialog: I've been wondering something.
37) 3) dialog: Do you have any friends, man?
37) 10) dialog: What post office?
38) 0) text: An impressive clifftop dwelling.  Isolated on a winding r On a beautiful promontory overlooking the sea.  Valentine RINGS the DOORBELL (actually CHIME).  It's opened by his wife.  SUSAN.  Very well-maintained.  50-something. Surprised to see him.  But not overjoyed.
38) 15) text: I just need ... somewhere remote.  Away from L.A.  For a couple of days. (now the kicker)
38) 19) text: We weren't followed. (to Susan)
38) 20) text: Susan. Valentine lets Susan go.  Knowing she's now speechless at what's turned into, as far as she's concerned, a home invasion.
38) 22) text: Where's ... what's-his-name -- Fred --
38) 34) text: -- He saw gated communities.  Rich people coming to him with their money, terrified of what people like you had left of this society.  Why invest in a marriage and children when you had him?  He's your oracle.  But you couldn't even trust in friendship, could you?  Still he's the dog you call for its dinner.  Because everything that might once have been fun or nice or sweet you had to turn mean and cold and sour.  That was your "genius," Terry.  Haven't you read your own press?
39) 2) text: What is it, you just like the reassuring smell of disinfectant? Wilson just heads for the motel office.  Elaine and Ed fo a little distance behind.
39) 3) dialog: Hey, Elaine.  You even know what he's saying half the time?
41) 0) text: Wilson at the car.  Elaine and Ed watching. Ed has gathered that something has developed between Wils and Elaine.  The way she's looking at Wilson.
41) 1) dialog: ... Reminds me of Jennifer.
41) 3) text: Hard to miss. Ed sighs.  Awkward.
41) 4) dialog: I thought maybe you just came for the ride.
41) 9) text: Wilson and Ed watching him.  Wilson nods his head to the left, and Ed moves in that direction.  Wilson moves quiet off to the right. INT. VALENTINE HOUSE.  LIVING ROOM.  NIGHT. Valentine and Avery, still watching TV.
41) 28) text: The driveway.  Hard to see.  Is there something moving ou the shed?
41) 50) text: A silhouetted figure is tentatively making its way along porch, trying not to be seen.  We don't get a very clear glimpse.
41) 63) text: Uncle John.  Close by, huddled by the lip of the cliff. starts to move cautiously toward Avery and Stacy. INT. BIG SUR HOUSE.  KITCHEN.  NIGHT. Tom squints, trying to see.
41) 88) dialog: He puts the gun in his jacket and slides away. INT. BIG SUR HOUSE.  KITCHEN.  NIGHT. Valentine and Adhara are still stuck behind the counter. Valentine sees the shadowy shape of Ed slipping behind th back porch.
42) 0) text: Adhara wakes up.  Hand to her smashed cheek and mouth.  B it's not her hand.  It's Valentine's.  She sort of shuffl away from him along the floor.  Sits against a wall holdi her face.  Valentine sits back against an opposite wall. They stare at each other.
43) 21) text: Sounds like you need a rest.