38) 20) dialog: Sorry, it was just a joke.  Don't go Oliver Stone on me. Brian
38) 22) dialog: You got it. Charley turns away and heads down the stairs and we
45) 0) text: Dark and quiet in the early NIGHT.  Charley waits on the camera to catch the arrival.
47) 0) text: Charley comes over carrying a large plastic box.
47) 2) dialog: Finished up and took off. I haven't seen him since this afternoon. Freddie
47) 4) dialog: Don't need him.  Once we're up the system pretty much run itself. Freddie
47) 5) text: Gear 'em up and let's get rolling. Charley hands each of them a large, police-style flashlig what looks like a baseball-style cap, puts it on his head students.
47) 6) dialog: This is a hat-cam.  Whatever you see, we'll see.  I've al got some mini clip-on cameras.
48) 0) text: Charley hands out hat-cams and several species of clip-on then jogs to the garage.  We notice the large portable ge outside. FREDDIE CHECKS HIS WATCH.
49) 0) text: Charley takes up position at a CONTROL CONSOLE, takes a s everpresent Mochaccino, and picks up his walkie.
49) 1) dialog: Coming on line.... And he flips a few switches and
52) 0) text: Freddie positions himself at the console beside Charley.
52) 2) text: From here we'll be watching the team members as they ente and move about the Myers house. (to Charley)
52) 4) dialog: Everything's a go. Freddie scowls at Charley's giant cup of Mochaccino.
52) 6) dialog: Let me guess.  A lot? Freddie
52) 7) text: That shit'll kill you. ChaRLEY
61) 0) text: Freddie and Charley watching on the monitors.
61) 1) dialog: Mind if I grab a smoke? Freddie
61) 2) text: As long as it's not near me. Charley gets up, heads for the back door.
61) 4) text: You planning on living forever? Charley steps outside, Freddie looks at the monitors.
61) 6) text: I'm thinking about it. Freddie looks over at Charley's giant cup of Mochaccino. sniffs it and grimaces, sets it back down.
63) 0) text: Charley steps out into the night.  Reaches to his shirt p cigarettes.  We hear the CRACK of a branch.  He looks ove alley between the garage and house.  He starts to turn aw another sound.
63) 5) dialog: 
63) 9) dialog: What the hell are you doing out here?  I thought you were supposed to -- But he is cut off in mid-thought.  His mouth opens but no He looks down at his stomach -- and sees the gardener's t there, Michael Myers's hand wrapped around the handle.  O bewildered look we