3) 0) text: Two Young Thai Boxers beat the crap out of each other. The crowd is wild with excitement, people placing bets on way the fight will turn. One of the Thai Boxers goes down and money immediately st changing hands... The ring is cleared and Liang jumps in as Julian pushes h though the crowd, nodding at people as he passes. They kn here. Again bets are placed.... PICK OUT a face in the crowd. Billy. Julian's older broth thirties). Julian sits down next to Billy who's delighted to see him his arm around him, pulling him in close.
3) 1) dialog: ... I love violence! Billy offers Julian a hit from his bottle of Mehkong whis Julian refuses. He's more interested in the fight. BACK TO THE RING where the fight has just started. Liang immediately on the ropes. Julian watches, concerned. Billy takes a phone call but he can't hear. He nods to Ju and takes it outside. BACK TO THE FIGHT where Liang pulls an amazing move. Turn tables. Takes the bigger man down with a series of jabs, and backfists. As Julian applauds Liang's success, Billy slinks off out auditorium. Liang wins the fight with a knock out... The crowd go wil adulation... Julian watches, transfixed... Liang is lit up by a beatific white light... As he stands in the middle of the ring, the crowd start to gather roun Julian continues to stare at what's taking place before h ... Which is almost like a religious ceremony... The audi bow down before Liang as he stares out into the light... of calm washing over his face... A sense of stillness and Enlightenment through victory and violence...
4) 0) text: Billy stalks the streets of the city of vice. A man on a
6) 0) text: Billy comes down a back ally and knocks on a door. After the door opens. The Doorman recognises him and lets him enter.
7) 0) text: WE TRACK with Billy as he makes his way through the small subterranean nightclub. A Thai man - known as The Lizard - sits by a table with a locals gambling... He spots Billy and follows him with his eyes as he contin gamble. Billy moves across to a small private corner... ... where he meets various men and women, all smoking Methamphetamine. Billy joins in but an argument quickly s up between him and another Thai Man. The music's too loud to hear what they're arguing about b suddenly gets out of control... Billy starts viciously hi the Thai Man and quickly the room EXPLODES in a frenzy of
11) 0) text: Billy's so wasted he's bumping into people. He starts win shopping the various brothels that line the street: group girls smiling at him... Anything for a price... PICK OUT one particularly young-looking girl. Just fiftee She makes eye contact with Billy... He smiles... Pulls ou of notes...
16) 0) text: Chang stands silhouetted in the doorway. Stepping into th he moves into the light in CLOSE UP. His face is a mask. The bed is drenched in blood. The fifteen year old prosti lies naked on her back. She's dead, her body having been beaten in some sort of brutal sex game gone wrong. Billy is slumped in the corner in his underpants, his eye staring at MTV, a bottle of Mehkong whiskey in his hand, pipe on the floor. Chang stares at him, giving nothing away.
17) 0) text: The Hotel Owner serves tea to Chang who sits in silence w Lieutenant Kim. The door is open and we can see into room across the corridor where Billy is still sat staring at t television.
21) 0) text: Chang sits drinking tea in silence with Lieutenant Kim. T in the corridor stare at the closed door of Room 610 from we hear the cries of Billy being beaten to death. ANGLE ON: Daeng who's starting to look scared. Phaiban pu reassuring hand on his shoulder. As the beating reaches its climax, with Choi Yan Lee scre out Thai obscenities, we hear the sickening sound of Bill snapping. And then a regular thud as blow after blow rain on his body.
22) 0) text: Chang opens the door and looks through. Choi Yan Lee is sitting breathlessly on the floor covered In his hand he holds a piece of wood he has ripped from a Billy lies dead, his head completely smashed in.
41) 0) text: A Mortuary Attendant pulls a sheet back to reveal - Billy. His body completely mutilated. Julian stares at his brother's corpse intensely, not betr any emotion. He turns to Gordon who's standing behind him.
43) 0) text: The CAMERA tracks as we follow a pair of high heeled shoe to an elegant woman in her fifties, who looks like she's forties and could actually pass for late thirties. She st towards reception, a Porter struggling to keep up with he is Jenna Hopkins. Head of a notorious London Crime Family of both Julian and Billy. Newly appointed Lady Macbeth of She hands her passport over to the Concierge.