3) 0) text: Two Young Thai Boxers beat the crap out of each other. The crowd is wild with excitement, people placing bets on way the fight will turn. One of the Thai Boxers goes down and money immediately st changing hands... The ring is cleared and Liang jumps in as Julian pushes h though the crowd, nodding at people as he passes. They kn here. Again bets are placed.... PICK OUT a face in the crowd. Billy. Julian's older broth thirties). Julian sits down next to Billy who's delighted to see him his arm around him, pulling him in close.
13) 0) text: CLOSE ON Chang, mid-forties, a man who looks like he's ca out of stone. The neon lights bleed over his face in a se unending flow as he's driven towards his destination.
14) 0) text: Police cars are parked up outside. Chang gets out of his Pays the driver. Makes his way inside.
15) 0) text: Chang makes his way up the stairs to a landing where a GR POLICEMEN are gathered. Their circle opens up as Chang ap and they bow as he joins them - like he's a God. One of t Kim Han Ho, gestures towards the door of Room 610 where T stand guard. Chang gives a nod and the door is opened.
16) 0) text: Chang stands silhouetted in the doorway. Stepping into th he moves into the light in CLOSE UP. His face is a mask. The bed is drenched in blood. The fifteen year old prosti lies naked on her back. She's dead, her body having been beaten in some sort of brutal sex game gone wrong. Billy is slumped in the corner in his underpants, his eye staring at MTV, a bottle of Mehkong whiskey in his hand, pipe on the floor. Chang stares at him, giving nothing away.
17) 0) text: The Hotel Owner serves tea to Chang who sits in silence w Lieutenant Kim. The door is open and we can see into room across the corridor where Billy is still sat staring at t television.
18) 0) text: A young cop, Daeng, who has been watching Chang, summons to whisper to his superior officer, Phaiban.
19) 0) text: As Choi Yan Lee is delivered to the doorway, Chang gets u goes over to him. A moment of uncertainty in Choi Yan Lee's face. Fear. He know why he's been brought here. He looks for some comfor Chang. Chang gives him nothing.
20) 0) text: Chang leads Choi Yan Lee to the doorway. Slowly Choi Yan what he's looking at. His daughter. Dead. Mutilated. Every father's worst nightmare.
20) 1) dialog: 
20) 5) dialog: 
20) 9) dialog: 
20) 13) dialog: 
20) 15) dialog: 
21) 0) text: Chang sits drinking tea in silence with Lieutenant Kim. T in the corridor stare at the closed door of Room 610 from we hear the cries of Billy being beaten to death. ANGLE ON: Daeng who's starting to look scared. Phaiban pu reassuring hand on his shoulder. As the beating reaches its climax, with Choi Yan Lee scre out Thai obscenities, we hear the sickening sound of Bill snapping. And then a regular thud as blow after blow rain on his body.
22) 0) text: Chang opens the door and looks through. Choi Yan Lee is sitting breathlessly on the floor covered In his hand he holds a piece of wood he has ripped from a Billy lies dead, his head completely smashed in.
24) 0) text: The bloodied Choi Yan Lee sits in the back, Chang on one Kim on the other. As the police car turns onto a more maj Choi Yan Lee starts to get nervous.
26) 3) dialog: 
26) 7) dialog: 
26) 11) dialog: 
26) 15) dialog: 
26) 17) dialog: 
26) 21) dialog: 
26) 27) dialog: 
26) 33) dialog: 
28) 0) text: REVEAL that the voice is that of Chang and he's not half deeper than you'd have though, and with it comes a stage a sort of John Wayne swagger...
28) 1) dialog: The sheriff he asked me Why I had run And then it came to me Just what I had done And all for no reason Just one piece of lead I hung my head I hung my head. The policemen, still dressed in their uniforms, watch in respectful silence. Daeng sits with them. He too watches
29) 0) text: Chang travels home across the city.
30) 0) text: Chang opens the door as quietly as he can. He slips off h and walks gingerly into the apartment.
31) 0) text: On the kitchen table Chang sees a picture. A badly-drawn with a man, a woman and a child. Across the bottom: "LOVE
32) 0) text: Chang and Kanita, his eight year old daughter, are playin her dolls who have captured a soft toy.
32) 1) dialog: 
32) 5) dialog: 
32) 9) dialog: 
32) 13) dialog: 
32) 17) dialog: 
33) 0) text: Chang walks into his bedroom where his wife Nadee is just up. He kisses her good morning. As he starts to undress, she starts to get dressed. They a smile about this. Finally Chang lies down on the bed an his eyes. Nadee kisses him good night.
35) 0) text: As Chang sleeps the heavy curtains are drawn to keep out of the day - but they cannot deaden the sound of the city as it goes about its frenetic everyday business. The CAMERA MOVES through the apartment, briefly settling sleeping Chang, then roaming through the various rooms, P OUT different objects... We see that Chang is obsessed with cowboy films and a kee - the sitting room is stuffed with movie posters, photogr and other bits of movie memorabilia... Amongst the many family photos we also PICK OUT several p of Chang when he was in the army and shots of what looks a very successful career as a Thai boxer. At the end of the tour we're back with Chang. We ZOOM IN tight CLOSE SHOT.
37) 0) text: Chang is sitting eating alone at the dinning table, watch old western on TV.
38) 0) text: Chang walks down the streets towards a school. Standing a gate, Kanita is waiting for him. He hugs her and they hol as they continue down the crowded street.
39) 0) text: Chang waits patiently at the counter as Kanita sorts thro various dolls, trying to choose which one to buy... Chang looks round and gazes out the window into the stree pedestrians stream past. Suddenly Chang has a strange VIS All the women disappear. In the street there are only men We cut to a CLOSE UP of Chang and then back to his VISION Now all the men have gone and he can see only women. Back to the CLOSE UP of Chang who continues staring out o
47) 0) text: The room is exactly the same as the one Jenna's staying i instead of her, Julian sees a man sitting on the bed, his to him. His features are obscured... Julian slowly begins to walk towards him, but before he c out, the figure turns to face him... It's Chang. But there is blood smeared all over his face. Julian stares at him in horror. Slowly he looks down at h only to discover that they're dripping in blood... We ZOOM IN on his hands.
50) 0) text: Chang is singing again...
50) 1) dialog: I fell into a burning ring of fire I went down, down, down And the flames went higher And it burns, burns, burns The Ring of Fire / The Ring of Fire And the cops are all there, Daeng included, watching him.
51) 0) text: Chang's singing continues as we see an assortment of toug Thai Men listening to Gordon (MUTE).
51) 1) dialog: I fell into a burning ring of fire I went down, down, down And the flames went higher And it burns, burns, burns The Ring of Fire / The Ring of Fire Gordon explains the situation: what information they're a how much they'll get paid for good leads. All the while Julian watches from the background.
53) 0) text: Chang reaches the climax of the song.
53) 1) dialog: I fell into a burning ring of fire I went down, down, down And the flames went higher And it burns, burns, burns The Ring of Fire / The Ring of Fire The Cops watch with total devotion.
64) 0) text: Julian clocks the cops who are waiting for him. He walks strangely on edge. As he gets closer he sees Chang - stan on the other side of the room by the boxing ring, his bac him, watching the sparring fighters... Julian stares at h Turns back to the cops...
64) 16) dialog: 
65) 0) text: Chang sits on his own drinking apple juice as he watches sing on stage. Julian enters, sees Chang but can only see back of his face. He walks over to the bar, orders a drin Julian starts to watch Nadee. When he turns back to the b sees Chang reflected in the optics - somehow standing rig to him, staring at him. Julian turns to face him.
65) 1) dialog: Why are you here?
65) 3) dialog: Who?
65) 5) dialog: I love all living things. Beat.
65) 6) dialog: I restore karma. Is that why you came?
65) 8) dialog: What's stopping you?
65) 10) dialog: Would you like me to tell you? Julian nods.
65) 11) dialog: You want the Angel of Vengeance.
65) 13) dialog: Why?
65) 15) dialog: Yes you do.
65) 17) dialog: And what do you want?
65) 19) dialog: You want to fight me? Julian nods.
67) 0) text: Nadee is standing behind Chang. They're playing a game in they speak in English. She points out the window.
67) 1) dialog: View.
67) 3) dialog: Table.
67) 5) dialog: Yes. I like the table. Chang stiffens. Nadee detects the change in him.
67) 7) dialog: I need to speak to you in Thai. A pause.
67) 10) dialog: 
69) 0) text: Chang picks out a dress for Mai. She takes it, finding it to believe that he's making her do this...
75) 0) text: Chang and his crew eat dinner together.
77) 0) text: Chang has just finished a meal with the Cops including Ki and Phaiban. Chang is just settling the bill when the Thr walk in. He looks up just as they OPEN FIRE. An insane storm of led rains down on the room, shattering the mirrors on the back wall, taking out Two Waitresses a the room with broken glass. Chang hits the floor and starts to drag himself towards s Chang's men are completely pinned down. Phaiban's been hi his white shirt has turned dark red with blood. Chang keeps edging towards where his jacket's hanging on In it, his pistol. The Gunmen keep firing. As soon as a clip is finished, th it out and put a fresh one in and keep shooting. A stray bullet hits the waiter who knocks over the chair jacket's on. It falls to the ground. With it, his pistol. it and returns fire, letting off four rounds. He takes Gunman One. Head shot, right between the eyes. G Two sees this and sprays at Chang - - but Chang manages to dive to cover. He rolls and fires shooting Gunman Two in the chest three times. Chang's out of ammo and needs to reload. Gunman Three's w jams. He drops his weapon and runs. Before he's finished reloading his pistol, Chang's after He sees Phaiban. Dead. Daeng trying to stem the flow of b from his chest. Chang keeps running, determined not to lose his man.
78) 0) text: The driver of the crappy van smokes nervously in the driv as he waits. As soon as he sees Gunman Three, panic-stric running in fear, he puts the van in gear, revs the engine starts to pull away. Gunman Three runs after him, crying out for him to slow d The Driver slows. Gunman Three struggles to jump into the doors. Chang bursts out of the restaurant. Stops dead. Aims and off two rounds. Blood spatters across the inside of the windscreen. The D falls forward, dead. The back door of the van slams shut. Gunman Three thinks made it. He's wrong. The van isn't going anywhere. Chang approaches the back door of the van, ready to fire.
78) 1) dialog: 
78) 5) dialog: 
78) 9) dialog: 
78) 13) dialog: 
78) 15) dialog: 
78) 19) dialog: 
78) 23) dialog: 
78) 27) dialog: 
79) 0) text: Flanked by the Cops, Chang frog marches Gunman Three thro crowds, passing various stalls that seem to sell anything could ever want for your TV, computer or Hi-fi. Gunman Three is so scared that he keeps forgetting the ro fretting about which way to turn at every junction in the warren-like market. Finally they reach the entrance to a particular shop.
80) 0) text: Chang enters, followed by the others. Gunman Three is inc relieved to have found it. Li Po stands behind the counte him sits Pan, a twelve year old boy who is severely handi As soon as Li Po sees Chang and his crew arrive with Gunm next to them he knows the game's up. He can't run. His ki there... He approaches them with a heavy sigh.
80) 1) dialog: 
80) 7) dialog: 
80) 11) dialog: 
80) 15) dialog: 
80) 21) dialog: 
80) 25) dialog: 
80) 27) dialog: 
80) 29) dialog: 
80) 33) dialog: 
80) 37) dialog: 
81) 0) text: A people carrier pulls up outside the hotel. The doormen the side door and step back when they see the heavily arm bloodstained policemen get out, led by Chang.
82) 0) text: PICK OUT Dimitri and the group of Russian Criminals. Yuri is in the centre of them, a girl on either arm. Chang leads the Cops into the bar. He fires two shots int ceiling. That shuts everyone up and gets the Russian Crim up and ready for a confrontation. Half the bar's emptied time Chang reaches Yuri Karkov.
82) 2) dialog: 
82) 5) dialog: 
82) 7) dialog: 
82) 9) dialog: 
83) 0) text: WE TRACK IN on Dimitri as he stares at Chang, a rabbit in headlights. Chang slowly sits down next to him. Talks to English.
83) 1) dialog: I need information. Phaiban spins a spotlight onto Dimitri.
83) 2) dialog: And you're going to help me. Suddenly the atmosphere in the emptied club shifts. It's Dimitri and Chang are locked into some kind of surreal performance...
83) 3) dialog: Whether you like it or not. Dimitri's body starts to shake in fear.
83) 5) dialog: Why?
83) 7) dialog: Who was she?
83) 9) dialog: How did she know me? Dimitri shakes his head. He really doesn't know.
83) 11) dialog: And what's my name?
83) 13) dialog: Chang starts to circle him. Dimitri's terrified. Doesn't what the fuck he's on about. Suddenly he's grabbed from b by Phaiban. Chang smashes a beer bottle and walks up behind Dimitri..
83) 14) dialog: 
83) 16) dialog: 
83) 18) dialog: 
84) 0) text: Nadee and Chang on stage. Singing their hearts out.
86) 0) text: Nadee and Chang continue singing - a spotlight beaming do them, singling them out in the shadowy bar.
88) 0) text: As Chang waits for the instrumental section to end, he st to cry, letting the tears flow without embarrassment. Nad her arm around him to comfort him. The rest of the crew start crying as well, Daeng in parti
88) 2) dialog: But above all this, I wish you love. And I will always love you.
91) 0) text: Two figures kneel on either side of the ring. Julian and Both wearing Mongkol. Totally still. The ceremonial music begins... Slowly Julian and Chang start to perform Ram Muay, the an traditional dance which the rules of the game say must be out before a fight takes place. It is both strange and spiritual: Julian and Chang move t arms rhythmically, in time to the music, their hands desc shapes and outlining fighting positions. As the dance develops, so their positions become more com now crouching, now standing, hinting at the kicks and pun that they're about to perform... but all carried out with beatific precision that is at odds with the violence that to follow... FADE OUT. The Music Ends. A moment of stillness, and then slowly we up the SOUND of the baying crowd. Chanting. Screaming. Wi excitement. Ready for the fight they've all been waiting
92) 0) text: The crowd is packed. In one corner: Julian. Charlie Ling him along with Ko Sam. He looks focussed. Confident. In the other corner: Chang. Kim next to him along with a of his crew. He looks incredibly calm. The first bell sounds. Five second warning... Chang looks over into the crowd. Kanita with Nadee. Kanit him a 'thumbs up'. Chang smiles. Returns it. Julian looks over. Sees Mai take a seat. She holds his ga The second bell sounds. The first of five rounds. Julian walk up to the centre of the ring. The Referee stands bet them. Brings them together. A quick look down to the Thre Then a look between the two fighters. Julian eyes Chang. Steely determination in his eyes. Chan back at him without emotion.
93) 0) text: Julian moves towards the middle where Chang is already wa Julian waits for Chang this time. Chang is reluctant to a A waiting game... Who will strike first... Chang wins. Ju moves to kick Chang in the ribs, keeping both his hands d he moves in. Chang predicts this and prepares to throw hi kick as it comes in. Chang steps back, but again Julian s using his right foot instead to pivot and unleashes a kil with his left foot. Chang goes flying backwards. PICK OUT the look of concern etched on the faces of Nadee Kanita. Chang recovers but Julian moves in fast with a series of and elbows. Chang's on the ropes now and getting badly be He clings on to Julian to limit the damage.
93) 5) dialog: It wasn't you, was it? Julian shrugs, puts his guard up.
93) 6) dialog: You're innocent.
93) 8) dialog: It's not your fault. Chang raises his arms again. Ready to fight. Julian gets to attack but something's changed. The fire's gone out of He looks over to his mother, to Mai, Chang's words echoin his mind. It's not his fault. Then Chang comes in with a flurry of punches. Left, right right. Julian just takes them... Chang pauses in the onslaught. Julian stays motionless in middle of the ring. Chang runs at him, flings his right foot, swivels, pullin a roundhouse left kick - - which makes contact with Julian's draw. SLOW MOTION as Julian's head takes the impact. He's out cold before he hits the floor.
96) 0) text: Jenna comes out of the changing rooms as Mai approaches. shakes her head.
98) 0) text: Chang, Nadee and Kanita are having a nice dinner - happy Chang won and enjoying each other's company in silence...
99) 0) text: Chang tucks in his daughter. Nadee watches from the doorw Kanita still has some dolls on her bed. He starts taking off. Notices one of them is broken.
99) 1) dialog: 
99) 5) dialog: 
99) 11) dialog: 
100) 0) text: Chang speaks on the phone.
100) 1) dialog: 
101) 0) text: Chang gets into bed next to his wife. Switches off the li The two of them are bathed in moonlight. He holds his wif
104) 0) text: Chang is dressed - finishing putting on his tie - ready f day. He walks into his sitting room as he hears his mobil
104) 1) dialog: 
104) 5) dialog: 
104) 9) dialog: 
105) 0) text: Chang steps out of his apartment into the hallway where a policeman sits on guard reading a Manga comic.
105) 1) dialog: 
105) 5) dialog: 
107) 0) text: Chang and the Cops walk into the hotel. Chang heads for t while Kim approaches reception. Chang calls the lift and waits. Kim comes back.
107) 2) dialog: What floor?
108) 0) text: Chang and the Cops are standing in the elevator waiting t off. Elevator music plays...
109) 0) text: Julian is walking around Chang's apartment... looking at family pictures... getting a sense of how they live. He opens drawers and closets and studies all the photos o as a boxer and soldier. ...on a wall is a framed article in Thai that Charlie Lin reading.
111) 0) text: Jenna sips tea from a China cup. She puts it back down on saucer. Kim is sitting opposite her. Chang stands in the background.
111) 11) dialog: 
112) 0) text: Nadee is in the kitchen putting away the groceries as she with Chang...
113) 0) text: Chang begins to panic. His eyes fall upon Jenna.
113) 1) dialog: 
115) 0) text: Chang screams down the phone:
115) 1) dialog: 
116) 0) text: ... But Nadee is holding the phone against her chest and hear Chang as she walks into the living room...
118) 0) text: Chang listens to the phone, knowing something's wrong. Jenna stares at him, defiant. Their eyes lock briefly. Bu hasn't got time for this. He barges past her and out of t
119) 0) text: The CAMERA TRACKS with Chang as he runs down the corridor desperation.
122) 0) text: Chang stops in his tracks. It's as if he can feel the sho blast in his heart. He knows what's just happened... He s still. He closes his eyes as if he had only to wish to ma all go away... He opens them again to see... The street is completely deserted. Chang stands alone in of a ghost town.
126) 0) text: Chang stares at the body of his dead wife. Perfectly stil crew in the background...
128) 0) text: Lift music. Julian stands perfectly still in the lift as up... Just like Chang did before...
130) 0) text: Kanita sits in a chair, her father standing behind her. V Kim is showing her various head shots of criminals... Kanita shakes her head until Chang puts down a picture of She looks up at her father - nods...
144) 0) text: Back where we first met him... Julian flings open the door to his safe and starts pullin of money into a canvas hold all. He's about to leave when he notices someone standing in t behind him. Slowly, out of the darkness, a series of figures appear l vampires... Chang and the Cops. Impossible to say how lon been standing there... Chang and Julian stare at each other...
144) 1) dialog: Let's go. We TRACK IN to a CLOSE SHOT on Julian. It's almost as if moment was inevitable.
145) 0) text: Chang brings Julian out of the club. A police car is wait Mai sits in the back seat.
147) 0) text: Daeng is driving. Kim sits next to him. Daeng looks into mirror to see-- Julian and Mai sitting next to Chang. Mai looks scared... more accepting of his fate...
151) 0) text: Chang leads Juilan across the field. The Cops follow a fe behind with Mai. Suddenly, and completely unexpectedly, Chang punches Juli the gut... Julian falls to the floor and Chang starts to attack him, punching and kicking him. Finally Julian, unable to defend himself, is lying on the immobile.
151) 1) dialog: 
151) 3) dialog: 
151) 6) dialog: 
151) 9) dialog: 
151) 12) dialog: 
151) 15) dialog: 
152) 0) text: A couple of wild dogs watch as our group reach a high poi Chang looks down at Julian who is lying on the ground. Th stand in the background with Mai. Chang sits next to Julian.
152) 1) dialog: 
152) 3) dialog: 
152) 6) dialog: 
152) 9) dialog: 
152) 11) dialog: 
152) 13) dialog: 
152) 15) dialog: 
154) 0) text: Chang leans down next to Julian and whispers something in Julian's ear - so softly that we cannot hear it. Whatever it instantly has an effect on Julian. He visibly relaxes. He doesn't make a sound as he's held down. A plastic stra tied around his arm as a tourniquet. His arm is pulled ou Chang swings the axe and chops off first his left hand an his right. Julian grits his teeth throughout. Doesn't scream. Chang picks up the severed hands and throws them to the w The dogs tear into the meat, fighting over their prize.
155) 0) text: Chang and his men walk back towards the car. MUSIC KICKS IN once again... the Karaoke version of John country and western ballad...
157) 0) text: We see kids waiting outside the school for their parents them up. Kanita spots Chang, runs towards him and they em
158) 0) text: Chang is in his element. Singing like a cowboy.
158) 1) dialog: Country roads, take me home to the place I belong West Virginia, mountain momma Take me home, country roads.. The Cops sit and watch him. Their leader... Their God...
162) 0) text: Chang keeps singing.
162) 1) dialog: Country roads, take me home to the place I belong West Virginia, mountain momma Take me home, country roads Take me home, country roads Take me home, country roads And we end CLOSE on Chang. With the sense that the 'count have kind of taken both of them home...