55) 0) text: Julian stands on the street corner sipping a soft drink. Behind him Gordon, his phone glued to his face. On the other side of the road is Choi Yan Lee's Kiosk, bi to double as his home, currently manned by his long suffe wife Kim Yan Lee. She serves a chilled coconut to a man. turns round we reveal... he's a particularly murderous lo member of Julian's crew - Ko Sam. We pick out Charlie Ling a little further down the road, looking at a tray of battery powered robots that some Str selling. They're all counting down the minutes. Biding their time. for Choi Yan Lee to turn up. Finally the sound of the Tuck-tuck approaching... Ko Sam drinks his coconut down in one - slurping as he hi bottom. Letting the empty shell fall to the floor. Charlie Ling stands up. Feels the gun under his jacket. The Tuck-tuck pulls up and Choi Yan Lee's Daughters help the kiosk that doubles as their home. Julian and his men close in.
56) 0) text: As Choi Yan Lee enters his home and his daughters make a of him, the shutters of the kiosk counter are suddenly SL SHUT. They all turn round in panic, but before they can do anyt about it, the last of the three daughters is pushed into followed by Ko Sam, Charlie Ling, Gordon and Julian. Choi Yan Lee snivels in the corner, waving his bandaged a the air.
56) 6) dialog: 
56) 9) dialog: 
56) 13) dialog: He says he killed his daughter. Julian considers him for a moment. Slowly he pulls out a Aims it at Choi Yan Lee's face...
56) 19) dialog: He says... He says he's paid for what he's done. That he's been punished already. Choi Yan Lee nods his head enthusiastically.
56) 25) dialog: 
56) 30) dialog: He's lying...
56) 32) dialog: It's a story old women tell their grand children... 'The Angel of Vengeance' is supposed to come down from the heavens and judge the living... restore karma to the world.. Gordon laughs... but Julian listens with great interest..
56) 34) dialog: Leads people to their destiny... That's the myth anyway. Ko Sam smiles. Julian doesn't. Finally:
56) 37) dialog: 
56) 41) dialog: He says it was The Angel of Vengeance... Choi Yan Lee starts to giggle uncontrollably.
56) 45) dialog: 
56) 50) dialog: He said you don't find The Angel of Vengeance. He finds you... Julian considers this for a long time. He realises he's n his gun anymore. Puts it away.
92) 0) text: The crowd is packed. In one corner: Julian. Charlie Ling him along with Ko Sam. He looks focussed. Confident. In the other corner: Chang. Kim next to him along with a of his crew. He looks incredibly calm. The first bell sounds. Five second warning... Chang looks over into the crowd. Kanita with Nadee. Kanit him a 'thumbs up'. Chang smiles. Returns it. Julian looks over. Sees Mai take a seat. She holds his ga The second bell sounds. The first of five rounds. Julian walk up to the centre of the ring. The Referee stands bet them. Brings them together. A quick look down to the Thre Then a look between the two fighters. Julian eyes Chang. Steely determination in his eyes. Chan back at him without emotion.
102) 0) text: It's still early - the sun is only just starting to rise he city. Charlie Ling's driving, Ko Sam beside him. Julian's in th street. His face is a mask, his eyes hidden by his sungla next to him is a silver shining motorcycle helmet.
109) 2) dialog: "Boxing Cop Hero Back From Grave". One of Bangkok's finest, blah blah blah, came out of a coma that lasted for an entire year, waking up as if nothing had happened... Wife was really happy, blah blah blah... "It's hard to describe" Chang said, "but I do feel different." Charlie starts to sneer as he reads. Julian is listening
117) 0) text: ... where Julian is sitting on the couch wearing the moto helmet, a shotgun on his lap. Kanita is standing in the middle of the room, staring at Charlie Ling leans against the opposite wall, a pistol in hand. Nadee remains silent, trying to think fast.
123) 1) dialog: Wait... Julian turns back. Charlie Ling nods towards Kanita's roo
123) 4) dialog: 
123) 9) dialog: If you've got a problem, talk to her.
123) 11) dialog: You don't have to. I will. Charlie Ling kicks open the door. Julian realises he can' him do it. And as Charlie Ling sees Kanita... Julian shoots him in t Charlie Ling slumps to the floor. Julian approaches the doorway. He looks in. Sees Kanita s on her bed. She stares at Julian, Charlie Ling's dead bod his feet. They hold each other's gaze... and then Julian bows his head and leaves...