8) 2) text: Hold on, hold on. What did he say? Beat as Julian listens. He glances over at Gordon who loo concerned.
9) 0) text: The Lizard sits outside the nightclub, somehow managing t a cigarette at the same time as he stems the flow of bloo his nose with a handkerchief. Julian and Gordon arrive.
9) 11) dialog: Like I always said. One day he's going to meet the devil. Beat.
9) 16) dialog: Sure--?
9) 20) dialog: So? That's his problem.
9) 22) dialog: I'm with you mate. Billy's fucked--
9) 24) dialog: How much...? ...and The Lizard smiles for the first time.
40) 10) dialog: They found his body in a hotel room... Julian doesn't know what to say... Neither does Gordon.
40) 11) dialog: Look, get dressed and I'll see you downstairs. Julian nods and closes the door. He stands still - glance the window - seeing the sun setting and the night coming glances at the pretty girl still sleeping on the bed. He goes into the bathroom where Mai is dressed and puttin make up.
41) 0) text: A Mortuary Attendant pulls a sheet back to reveal - Billy. His body completely mutilated. Julian stares at his brother's corpse intensely, not betr any emotion. He turns to Gordon who's standing behind him.
41) 1) dialog: What do we do?
51) 0) text: Chang's singing continues as we see an assortment of toug Thai Men listening to Gordon (MUTE).
55) 0) text: Julian stands on the street corner sipping a soft drink. Behind him Gordon, his phone glued to his face. On the other side of the road is Choi Yan Lee's Kiosk, bi to double as his home, currently manned by his long suffe wife Kim Yan Lee. She serves a chilled coconut to a man. turns round we reveal... he's a particularly murderous lo member of Julian's crew - Ko Sam. We pick out Charlie Ling a little further down the road, looking at a tray of battery powered robots that some Str selling. They're all counting down the minutes. Biding their time. for Choi Yan Lee to turn up. Finally the sound of the Tuck-tuck approaching... Ko Sam drinks his coconut down in one - slurping as he hi bottom. Letting the empty shell fall to the floor. Charlie Ling stands up. Feels the gun under his jacket. The Tuck-tuck pulls up and Choi Yan Lee's Daughters help the kiosk that doubles as their home. Julian and his men close in.
56) 0) text: As Choi Yan Lee enters his home and his daughters make a of him, the shutters of the kiosk counter are suddenly SL SHUT. They all turn round in panic, but before they can do anyt about it, the last of the three daughters is pushed into followed by Ko Sam, Charlie Ling, Gordon and Julian. Choi Yan Lee snivels in the corner, waving his bandaged a the air.
56) 51) dialog: Are we going to kill him or what? The room suddenly feels stuffy. The atmosphere oppressive Julian's got to get out...
56) 52) dialog: What are you doing? But Julian's already stumbling out of the kiosk...
58) 0) text: The CAMERA TRACKS from the side as we see Jenna walk thro boxing gym. All around her people are fighting and sparri She spots Julian and Gordon through the large windows of They see her and stand up. We LINGER OUTSIDE in the training area as Jenna goes thro DOOR...
59) 0) text: Boxers train in the background. Jenna, Julian and Gordon silence. Finally:
59) 25) dialog: It's alright, yeah. Well, what with Billy not being around, it's tricky to be honest...
59) 27) dialog: Well, we're supposed to be moving five keys out the end of this week. But Billy's not here, is he?
59) 32) dialog: I don't know. Earlier today - we had the guy... The guy that killed Billy. Had a gun against his face. But then - nothing...
59) 34) dialog: Julian let him go. Now there's all this stuff about angels... I don't know what the fuck's wrong with him.
59) 36) dialog: I know how to do what needs to be done. That's all. She stares at him, long enough to make him uncomfortable.
59) 38) dialog: There's this other guy... Might have been involved...
59) 40) dialog: We don't know who the other guy is yet...
62) 0) text: Gordon is waiting on a street corner smoking cigarettes. comes up to him, breathless. Gordon pulls out several hundred dollars.
62) 1) dialog: Never come back - you understand me? Liang nods.
62) 2) dialog: Good... Liang takes the money. A proper pay out.
62) 3) dialog: You're a fighter, kid. No doubt about it. Good luck with that.
63) 0) text: Julian's talking to Liang's Mother and Sister who are sit in front of him, both upset. Gordon hovers in the backgro
64) 19) dialog: Sure. No problem.
72) 0) text: The Concierge and the Manager see Jenna coming towards th brace themselves... However, to their relief, she diverts to the palm court a Gordon is waiting for her.
72) 1) dialog: Nice evening?
72) 5) dialog: Well, I don't know about that. Just been out here a while... Know how to get things done.
72) 7) dialog: But things are going to shit. Since Billy died, Julian's all over the place...
72) 9) dialog: Who?
72) 11) dialog: He's just a retired cop...
72) 13) dialog: It's not that simple... Is there somewhere we can go that's a little more private? Beat. She raises her eyebrows.
72) 15) dialog: You can't just going round killing cops here anymore. It's not that easy.
72) 17) dialog: I looked into it. Chang's a hard man to get to. None of the Thais'll go near him...
72) 19) dialog: There might be a way... But Julian can't find out... Jenna looks at Gordon - smiles and crosses her legs.
85) 0) text: Gordon is sitting on a chair in Jenna's hotel room, a whi in his hand, the Bangkok skyline behind him.
87) 0) text: Jenna and Gordon are still kissing as the guitar solo of instrumental section kicks in...
106) 0) text: The car's parked outside Gordon's apartment block. Gordon shown. Julian's calling him...
129) 3) dialog: Easy... Julian says nothing. Edges into the room. The gun still p at Gordon's head. Julian says nothing. Kicks the door closed with his foot.
129) 5) dialog: She's gone... Picked up Billy's body... She's gone home. Finally Julian lowers the shotgun.
129) 6) dialog: Didn't she tell you? Julian sits down.
129) 7) dialog: You alright mate? D'you want something? Julian mumbles to himself... then turns to Gordon. Realis dawning on him:
133) 0) text: Gordon and Julian walk towards Gordon's car, the sounds o footsteps ricocheting off the concrete walls. Reaching the car, Gordon stands by the driver's door as J heads for the passenger's side. Gordon pauses before unlocking the door. Looks over to Ju talking across the roof of the car.
133) 1) dialog: We're good mates aren't we? Beat. Julian's instantly suspicious...
133) 3) dialog: I'm sorry about this Julian. I wish there was another way... Gordon levels a pistol at Julian's head.
133) 5) dialog: Don't make this harder-- GUNSHOT. A bullet RIPS through Julian's shoulder. He fall on the car behind him setting off a chorus of car alarms. Gordon starts to walk round to deliver the killer blow.
133) 6) dialog: You've become a liability. You can see that, can't you? Julian looks at the wound. It's deep but he's not totally incapacitated. He pulls the shotgun out from under his sh It clatters to the floor.
133) 7) dialog: And now she wants me to take over. She wants me to be the favoured son. What am I supposed to say? Julian sinks to his knees, leaning over to pick up the sh He's got seconds...
133) 8) dialog: I didn't want it to end like this. First I fuck your mother. Then I-- Gordon turns the corner - but Julian's in position. Two s in quick succession. Both barrels fired at Gordon's chest The force of the explosion FLINGS Gordon's body against t wall of the car park. Dead instantly. Julian pulls himself up and stands there, the smoking sho acting as a makeshift crutch. He gazes at Gordon's steami appalled by the turn of events...