1) 0) text: CLOSE ON a pair of hands from VARIOUS ANGLES... The SOUNDS of the fighting grow LOUDER. Punches, kicks, e The hands tense into fists. They're strong hands. Fighter ZOOM OUT TO REVEAL Julian (mid-thirties) staring at his h Even though he's kept in shape, he hasn't fought for a lo The SOUND of the boxing match gets LOUDER STILL as Julian staring at his hands - it's almost as if he's meditating. he breaths in. Behind him sits a young kid dressed in Thai boxing clothe is Liang, barely sixteen. He looks nervous, occasionally at Julian's reflection through the huge mirror that hangs far wall. Julian continues to stare at his hands and closes them in tight fist.
2) 0) text: The SOUNDS of the boxing match reach FEVER PITCH as we TR Julian and Liang making their way towards the ring.
3) 0) text: Two Young Thai Boxers beat the crap out of each other. The crowd is wild with excitement, people placing bets on way the fight will turn. One of the Thai Boxers goes down and money immediately st changing hands... The ring is cleared and Liang jumps in as Julian pushes h though the crowd, nodding at people as he passes. They kn here. Again bets are placed.... PICK OUT a face in the crowd. Billy. Julian's older broth thirties). Julian sits down next to Billy who's delighted to see him his arm around him, pulling him in close.
5) 0) text: Liang is sitting on a bench, his constantly-smiling Mothe him, as Julian peels off fifty Bhat notes. We get the sense that Julian's proud of him, that Liang i of a protege of his and that Liang is incredibly pleased gained his approval.
5) 1) dialog: Two fifty, three hundred... Liang takes the money. Julian pulls off two more notes. A
5) 2) dialog: You did well out there. You've got something, Liang. Potential, yeah? Liang nods.
5) 3) dialog: Don't spend it all in once place.
8) 0) text: A fan does what it can to cool Julian down as he counts o at his desk. Sitting opposite him, feet on the table, is Julian's lieutenant and the closest thing to a friend he' Julian's phone rings. He interrupts his counting. Picks u listens...
8) 1) dialog: (ON THE PHONE)
8) 2) text: Hold on, hold on. What did he say? Beat as Julian listens. He glances over at Gordon who loo concerned.
8) 3) dialog: (ON THE PHONE)
8) 5) dialog: (ON THE PHONE)
9) 0) text: The Lizard sits outside the nightclub, somehow managing t a cigarette at the same time as he stems the flow of bloo his nose with a handkerchief. Julian and Gordon arrive.
9) 1) dialog: He still in there?
9) 3) dialog: You told him I was coming...
9) 5) dialog: Well maybe you didn't try hard enough. The Lizard takes the handkerchief away from his nose. Sho bloodstain to Julian.
9) 6) dialog: When was the last time you slept? The Lizard smiles but stares at Julian with hatred in his
9) 9) dialog: No.
9) 12) dialog: You know where he is now? The Lizard stares at Julian.
9) 15) dialog: You go. I'm gonna look around. See if I can find him.
9) 17) dialog: Go on. He turns back to The Lizard.
9) 18) dialog: Which way'd he go? The Lizard nods his head towards the busy street. Julian and heads off... Gordon steps up to the entrance to the c The Lizard sticks out an arm, blocking his way.
10) 0) text: Julian is talking to Ma Long, fifties, the mother figure group of girls who stand in the background.
10) 1) dialog: You seen Billy?
10) 3) dialog: Well if he comes in, tell him I'm looking for him, yeah?
10) 5) dialog: Yeah, well... if you see him, tell him I'm looking for him... Ma Long nods as she takes the money. Julian is about to leave. He looks at the pretty prostitu Stares at her for a moment. Then walks out.
12) 0) text: Julian out in the middle of the road. Girls on the paveme in the windows. A steady line of punters cruising past. He stands alone. Focussed. Watchful. An island in a sea o It feels ominous. Like something really bad's about to ha
27) 0) text: The anonymity of a hotel room. Julian opens the curtains see the sky line of Bangkok - he looks out. He lies back on the bed, surfing through two hundred TV c Settles on a boxing match. Starts drifting off... As he drifts we hear the SOUND OF SINGING. A karaoke rend of 'I Hung My Head' by Johnny Cash.
36) 0) text: We see a hotel room door and hear a knock - Julian ENTERS and opens to reveal... ...Two Thai girls - one being Mai - standing in the hallw lets them enter. Mai embraces Julian, kissing him on the mouth as Julian c the door. They turn to consider the other girl who is starting to u She smiles compliantly, eager to please. Julian turns back to Mai and kisses her again. As the kis more passionate, the other girl joins them and the three begin to have sex.
40) 0) text: The remnants of various room service orders litter the fl with the trappings of a heavy session: empty bottles of a drug paraphernalia, etc. Julian lies sleeping, entwined in the limbs of the girl.. There is a knock on the door. Julian and the girl ignore A pause and then Julian's mobile phone starts ringing. He answer. The knocking starts up again, this time louder. Finally:
40) 1) dialog: Julian's not here mate. Fuck off... Beat - then we hear a voice from behind the door.
40) 4) dialog: What is it?
40) 6) dialog: I can't deal with my brother right now... Beat.
40) 8) dialog: What? No answer. Finally Julian gets up and wraps a towel aroun body and slowly opens the door. Gordon stands in the hallway - behind him two Thai men fr crew.
40) 9) dialog: What happened?
40) 13) dialog: Someone killed Billy... The camera ZOOMS IN on Mai.
41) 0) text: A Mortuary Attendant pulls a sheet back to reveal - Billy. His body completely mutilated. Julian stares at his brother's corpse intensely, not betr any emotion. He turns to Gordon who's standing behind him.
41) 2) dialog: For now... We wait. Julian glances back at the body...
42) 0) text: Julian stares up at the night sky, his mobile phone gripp in his hand. He puts the phone down. He looks out across the city again then back to the phone It's like he's scared. He picks it up quickly and dials. A moment as it rings th answered.
42) 1) dialog: Hello Mum. Beat.
42) 2) dialog: It's me... Julian... Something's happened.
43) 0) text: The CAMERA tracks as we follow a pair of high heeled shoe to an elegant woman in her fifties, who looks like she's forties and could actually pass for late thirties. She st towards reception, a Porter struggling to keep up with he is Jenna Hopkins. Head of a notorious London Crime Family of both Julian and Billy. Newly appointed Lady Macbeth of She hands her passport over to the Concierge.
46) 0) text: The elevator doors open. Julian steps out into the empty Everything is normal... But everything is also not normal The CAMERA tracks from behind as Julian walks - looking a doors as he passes them and finally stopping in front of He knocks but there is no answer. Realizing the door isn' he pushes it open and steps in.
47) 0) text: The room is exactly the same as the one Jenna's staying i instead of her, Julian sees a man sitting on the bed, his to him. His features are obscured... Julian slowly begins to walk towards him, but before he c out, the figure turns to face him... It's Chang. But there is blood smeared all over his face. Julian stares at him in horror. Slowly he looks down at h only to discover that they're dripping in blood... We ZOOM IN on his hands.
48) 0) text: Julian wakes from his nightmare - covered in sweat. He is He sits up. Looks at his hands, still very shaken by his We hear the traffic of Bangkok. Julian gets up and walks table... Light up and begins to smoke morphine... He walk the window and looks out over Bangkok... His phone rings - Julian answers...
48) 1) dialog: (ON THE PHONE)
48) 4) dialog: (ON THE PHONE)
48) 7) dialog: (ON THE PHONE)
48) 8) text: What? Julian looks at his watch.
48) 9) dialog: (ON THE PHONE)
48) 12) dialog: (ON THE PHONE)
49) 0) text: Jenna looks immaculate. She stubs out her cigarette when Julian making his way towards her. She gets up and they e She holds on to him. A little too long. Finally she pulls away. She looks at him for a long time.
49) 2) dialog: Maybe. Take your pick. Billy wasn't popular.
49) 4) dialog: You know Billy... He was eccentric. Jenna smiles to herself as if this brings back memories a even smiles. Both sit in silence for a moment.
49) 6) dialog: I'll make sure it gets done.
49) 8) dialog: Yeah, okay, I'll do it.
52) 0) text: A montage of Julian's crew spreading out, shaking down th various contacts: doormen, pimps, dirty cops, stall holde barmen...
55) 0) text: Julian stands on the street corner sipping a soft drink. Behind him Gordon, his phone glued to his face. On the other side of the road is Choi Yan Lee's Kiosk, bi to double as his home, currently manned by his long suffe wife Kim Yan Lee. She serves a chilled coconut to a man. turns round we reveal... he's a particularly murderous lo member of Julian's crew - Ko Sam. We pick out Charlie Ling a little further down the road, looking at a tray of battery powered robots that some Str selling. They're all counting down the minutes. Biding their time. for Choi Yan Lee to turn up. Finally the sound of the Tuck-tuck approaching... Ko Sam drinks his coconut down in one - slurping as he hi bottom. Letting the empty shell fall to the floor. Charlie Ling stands up. Feels the gun under his jacket. The Tuck-tuck pulls up and Choi Yan Lee's Daughters help the kiosk that doubles as their home. Julian and his men close in.
56) 0) text: As Choi Yan Lee enters his home and his daughters make a of him, the shutters of the kiosk counter are suddenly SL SHUT. They all turn round in panic, but before they can do anyt about it, the last of the three daughters is pushed into followed by Ko Sam, Charlie Ling, Gordon and Julian. Choi Yan Lee snivels in the corner, waving his bandaged a the air.
56) 5) dialog: Ask him if he's Choi Yan Lee. At the mention of his name the colour drains from Choi Ya face. His eyes lock with Julian's.
56) 8) dialog: Ask him why he killed my brother.
56) 18) dialog: What's he saying? Beat.
56) 22) dialog: Who did that to him? Choi Yan Lee looks at the various faces that surround him stares directly at Julian.
56) 29) dialog: What's he saying?
56) 31) dialog: Tell me.
56) 33) dialog: How does he do that?
56) 35) dialog: Ask him who cut his hand off. Charlie Ling's reluctant to question him further. Julian
56) 36) dialog: Do it.
56) 44) dialog: What's he saying?
56) 49) dialog: What did he say? Charlie Ling considers Choi Yan Lee. Realizes he's not go get a better answer out of him...
56) 53) dialog: Nothing... We're not going to do anything... Just leave him. Leave them all.
57) 0) text: Julian stumbles out of the kiosk and breaths in lungfulls Disoriented, he careers into a stall selling various reli artefacts, sending candles, incense and statues of Buddha flying... He falls to the ground. When he gets to his feet everythi him seems intense and incredibly vibrant... The dogs figh on the street, the Buddha that lies in pieces on the grou children that stand watching him, his crew as they come o the kiosk, hiding their guns... Julian takes a long moment to get his bearings... Finally up, but as he does he feels different... As if the axis o world has shifted...
58) 0) text: The CAMERA TRACKS from the side as we see Jenna walk thro boxing gym. All around her people are fighting and sparri She spots Julian and Gordon through the large windows of They see her and stand up. We LINGER OUTSIDE in the training area as Jenna goes thro DOOR...
59) 0) text: Boxers train in the background. Jenna, Julian and Gordon silence. Finally:
59) 2) dialog: It's a little bit more complicated than that Mum.
59) 4) dialog: Mum, calm down...
59) 7) dialog: I know, you always say that - but this is different...
59) 9) dialog: Maybe... Maybe Billy had it coming...
59) 11) dialog: ...because of what he did. Jenna thinks it over for a moment.
59) 13) dialog: Why?
59) 15) dialog: What if... What if it was The Angel of Vengeance? Jenna stares at her son like he's finally lost the plot.
59) 17) dialog: ...it - or he - restores karma and order in the world.
59) 19) dialog: He loves all humans...
59) 22) dialog: I'm not, I'm just... Julian can't get the words out. He gets up.
59) 23) dialog: ... I've got to go. ...and Julian leaves - letting the door to the office sta We pick up the sounds of the fighters training outside as ZOOM IN on Jenna. She turns to Gordon.
60) 0) text: A girl sings 'Another Woman's Man' by Dolly Parton. Julian's sitting alone at a table, nursing a drink. Mai enters, looking much more sophisticated than when we in the hotel. She sits next to Julian and gives him a kis the cheek.
60) 2) dialog: It's alright... He drinks his drink. Silence...
60) 4) dialog: Nothing. Mai looks around the bar... It's half empty - some girls spread out. The waitress comes over and Mai orders a drink. They sit listening to the song...
60) 7) dialog: Nothing...
60) 9) dialog: I want you to meet my Mum. A pause, Mai slightly taken about.
60) 13) dialog: To show her... To show that I've got something here...
63) 0) text: Julian's talking to Liang's Mother and Sister who are sit in front of him, both upset. Gordon hovers in the backgro
63) 1) dialog: When did you last see him?
63) 3) dialog: Did he have any enemies?
63) 8) dialog: Who?
63) 10) dialog: This his phone? Liang's Sister nods. Julian scrolls through the numbers. Thai names against them - except one. Julian considers th then redials. A beat. Then the SOUND of a phone ringing in the same roo Gordon looks round. Realises he's busted. Takes his phone Kills it. Julian stares at him. Before he gets a chance to say anyt there is a knock on the door.
63) 11) dialog: What is it?
63) 15) dialog: No, I'll talk to them.
64) 0) text: Julian clocks the cops who are waiting for him. He walks strangely on edge. As he gets closer he sees Chang - stan on the other side of the room by the boxing ring, his bac him, watching the sparring fighters... Julian stares at h Turns back to the cops...
64) 1) dialog: Good morning officers. How can I help you? Slowly Chang turns to face him. Julian stares at him as i in a trance...
64) 3) dialog: Never heard of him.
64) 5) dialog: I run a boxing club. Not much call for one armed men. A beat. Mexican stand off.
64) 6) dialog: What's this got to do with me?
64) 8) dialog: Then I guess you boys have got a lot of work to do - so have I, so if you'll excuse me...
64) 10) dialog: Sure, sorry. What do you want to know? Julian looks over to Chang who continues staring at the b The way the ring is lit he's almost silhouetted.
64) 12) dialog: With my mum... Some of the boxers come over to Chang. They know him. The reverential. With the effect of the lighting, it seems to like they're bowing down before a God.
64) 13) dialog: You want to speak to her?
64) 15) dialog: Am I suspect? Chang turns round to face Julian. His presence is magneti stares back at him, realizing that this must be the Angel Vengeance... Chang walks over to them. Studies Julian for moment and then turns to Kim.
64) 18) dialog: I want you to find out who that guy is. Okay?
64) 20) dialog: Now. The SOUND of Nadee singing 'LONELY COMING DOWN' by Dolly
65) 0) text: Chang sits on his own drinking apple juice as he watches sing on stage. Julian enters, sees Chang but can only see back of his face. He walks over to the bar, orders a drin Julian starts to watch Nadee. When he turns back to the b sees Chang reflected in the optics - somehow standing rig to him, staring at him. Julian turns to face him.
65) 2) dialog: You're him... Aren't you?
65) 4) dialog: The one who killed my brother. Chang says nothing for a long time.
65) 7) dialog: I came here to kill you.
65) 9) dialog: I don't know...
65) 12) dialog: Yes.
65) 14) dialog: Cause, all my life... I don't know.
65) 16) dialog: My mother wants me to kill you. Chang stares back at him.
65) 18) dialog: ... I love violence.
65) 20) dialog: Thai style.
68) 0) text: Julian is anxiously waiting outside. He looks up as Mai c out of her appartment in a red dress. Julian's face drops.
68) 2) dialog: You can't wear that.
68) 4) dialog: My mother's... Very particular about colours.
68) 6) dialog: She hates red. Come on, we'll get you something else. Mai stares at him, reluctant to give in.
68) 7) dialog: Come on.
68) 9) dialog: Look, I'm telling you. It's easier this way. Trust me. Mai gives in. Takes his hand.
70) 0) text: Three people sit around a table awkwardly. Julian, Jenna (dressed very conservatively) all eating soup. A long sil
70) 2) dialog: It's Mai, Mum.
70) 4) dialog: A year and a half isn't it? Beat as Mai quickly counts in her head...
70) 7) dialog: Mum, please...
70) 9) dialog: I saw her walking down the street. Jenna raises an eyebrow...
70) 10) dialog: And I thought - this is the most beautiful girl I've ever seen - so I just walked up to her and started talking.
70) 15) dialog: Mum, stop it, for fuck's sake.
70) 17) dialog: Leave her alone Mum. You've got her wrong. She's a good girl.
70) 21) dialog: Mum! A pause.
70) 22) dialog: The cops came by my club today. Beat. She stares at him.
70) 23) dialog: They're investigating a murder. The guy that killed Billy turned up dead this morning. Jenna looks bored. Lights a cigarette.
70) 25) dialog: I know it was you, Mum.
70) 27) dialog: He was there. He was with them.
70) 29) dialog: The Angel of Vengeance.
70) 31) dialog: No.
70) 33) dialog: I'm not going to kill him...
70) 35) dialog: This isn't about Billy. This is about me. All my life I've been running...
70) 38) dialog: - his name is Chang-
70) 42) dialog: Mum, don't talk to her like that. Mai sits down.
70) 44) dialog: Me. Jenna calms down. She looks at their reflections in the m behind the bar. We ZOOM in on the mirror, their faces ref by the glass.
70) 46) dialog: Billy was a fuck up... He deserved everything he got. You know it and I know it.
70) 48) dialog: Yeah we were brothers, but we were never close... And he was only in Bangkok cause you couldn't control him. So you sent him to me--
70) 49) dialog: -- So you sent him to me and what could I do?
70) 51) dialog: I did what I could. And that's more than you ever did.
70) 53) dialog: And what did that get him? I'll tell you what, a one way ticket to this fucking place, just like me.
70) 55) dialog: I'm only here 'cause of you. If you didn't exist, I wouldn't be here. Beat.
70) 56) dialog: I could've been someone, Mum. I was on my way... Jenna stares at him - this is a conversation she does not having...
70) 58) dialog: Don't you think I know that? And look at me now. I'm a front for a drugs smuggling. He turns to Mai.
70) 59) dialog: It's true... The whole thing's a front. Every day I see kids coming in with great potential. And every day I see kilos of heroin going out. And it's all because of you, Ma. You and the money and the drugs. Jenna silently seethes, waiting for Julian to shut the fu He quietens down...
70) 61) dialog: That's right Mum. That's what's more important to you. But what about me? Sometimes I think you only got me out of there so the cops couldn't trace it back to you... Jenna stares at him. Her face a mask.
70) 62) dialog: ...that's right Mum. Think about it. With me gone you were safe. And it turned out to be good for business as well. All very convenient. Silence between them. Jenna lights another cigarette - he now shaking.
70) 63) dialog: Is that what happened with Billy? Did Billy become a problem like I did? Wouldn't surprise me, he was a big fucking problem when he was here... Still, at least you didn't have him killed. Jenna slaps him hard on the face. Julian recovers. Looks her. Very intense.
70) 64) dialog: I'm not going to kill him for you, Mum. Doesn't matter what you say. And do you want to know why?
70) 66) dialog: 'Cause I'm going to fight him. In the ring. Me versus him.
70) 68) dialog: I don't expect you to understand. Cause you don't understand anything that isn't about you.
70) 70) dialog: I don't know... But maybe this time I'll win. Like you say, only God forgives. Maybe this time he'll forgive me... Jenna turns to Mai.
70) 72) dialog: You never did, Mum. A pause. Julian's touched a nerve. Jenna recovers.
70) 76) dialog: I'm fine. Beat.
70) 77) dialog: I'll be fine. In a minute. Julian wipes his face clean. Pulls himself together.
70) 78) dialog: Sorry about that.
73) 0) text: Julian sits on a chair, holding his hand over a flame. Ma applying make up, comes out of the bathroom wearing her r She watches him for a moment.
73) 2) dialog: Seeing when it hurts. Mai watches him. He doesn't flinch.
73) 4) dialog: Didn't you like what I got you?
73) 6) dialog: What do you mean?
73) 8) dialog: Don't to be so hard on her. Her life hasn't been easy.
73) 10) dialog: Don't say that, okay? You don't know what you're talking about. She'd do anything for me.
73) 12) dialog: Don't go there.
73) 15) dialog: You don't get to judge her. You think she's bad? You should've met my dad. But he's not around anymore, and do you know why? Cause she loved me too much. He lets go of her neck. Mai rubs her neck.
73) 17) dialog: How much do I owe you? He forces a roll of notes into her hand, forcing her to t
89) 0) text: Julian trains alone in the night...
90) 0) text: ...Julian stares at his reflection.
91) 0) text: Two figures kneel on either side of the ring. Julian and Both wearing Mongkol. Totally still. The ceremonial music begins... Slowly Julian and Chang start to perform Ram Muay, the an traditional dance which the rules of the game say must be out before a fight takes place. It is both strange and spiritual: Julian and Chang move t arms rhythmically, in time to the music, their hands desc shapes and outlining fighting positions. As the dance develops, so their positions become more com now crouching, now standing, hinting at the kicks and pun that they're about to perform... but all carried out with beatific precision that is at odds with the violence that to follow... FADE OUT. The Music Ends. A moment of stillness, and then slowly we up the SOUND of the baying crowd. Chanting. Screaming. Wi excitement. Ready for the fight they've all been waiting
92) 0) text: The crowd is packed. In one corner: Julian. Charlie Ling him along with Ko Sam. He looks focussed. Confident. In the other corner: Chang. Kim next to him along with a of his crew. He looks incredibly calm. The first bell sounds. Five second warning... Chang looks over into the crowd. Kanita with Nadee. Kanit him a 'thumbs up'. Chang smiles. Returns it. Julian looks over. Sees Mai take a seat. She holds his ga The second bell sounds. The first of five rounds. Julian walk up to the centre of the ring. The Referee stands bet them. Brings them together. A quick look down to the Thre Then a look between the two fighters. Julian eyes Chang. Steely determination in his eyes. Chan back at him without emotion.
92) 3) dialog: Come on. Chang retreats. Shrugs at Julian. You come on. Julian moves towards him, but before he gets a chance to out his frustrations, the bell goes. End of round one. Julian stalks back to his corner. He turns to look at Cha look of intense anger and frustration.
93) 0) text: Julian moves towards the middle where Chang is already wa Julian waits for Chang this time. Chang is reluctant to a A waiting game... Who will strike first... Chang wins. Ju moves to kick Chang in the ribs, keeping both his hands d he moves in. Chang predicts this and prepares to throw hi kick as it comes in. Chang steps back, but again Julian s using his right foot instead to pivot and unleashes a kil with his left foot. Chang goes flying backwards. PICK OUT the look of concern etched on the faces of Nadee Kanita. Chang recovers but Julian moves in fast with a series of and elbows. Chang's on the ropes now and getting badly be He clings on to Julian to limit the damage.
93) 7) dialog: What are you talking about?
95) 0) text: Julian's sitting on the treatment table, his face covered and bruises... Jenna watches him in silence from the shadows, steadies h breathing and then slips back out of the room.
97) 0) text: Julian turns when he hears a knock at the door. Says noth Jenna enters and closes the door behind her. She stands t for a moment as if considering what to say...
97) 3) dialog: Give it a break mum. Just... give it as rest. He steps into the light. She reaches out to touch him.
97) 5) dialog: Yeah, well I lost.
97) 8) dialog: ... No... it didn't make a difference... No difference at all.
97) 10) dialog: Nothing. I don't feel anything at all.
97) 12) dialog: What do you want, Mum? Beat.
97) 14) dialog: What's wrong Mum? She shakes her head. Can't say it.
97) 15) dialog: What's wrong?
97) 17) dialog: Who does? Beat. Jenna says nothing. Julian thinks... Cogs turn...
97) 18) dialog: Chang? Jenna nods.
97) 19) dialog: What did you do, Mum? What did you do? Jenna makes her hand into a pistol. Pretends to fire it i skull. She tried to have Chang killed. Julian's speechles
97) 23) dialog: We'll be okay - I'll do it, I'll take him out...
102) 0) text: It's still early - the sun is only just starting to rise he city. Charlie Ling's driving, Ko Sam beside him. Julian's in th street. His face is a mask, his eyes hidden by his sungla next to him is a silver shining motorcycle helmet.
106) 0) text: The car's parked outside Gordon's apartment block. Gordon shown. Julian's calling him...
106) 1) dialog: We're outside.
106) 3) dialog: I need you here. Right now.
106) 5) dialog: Okay. Julian kills his phone. He's still for a moment, then:
106) 6) dialog: Let's make a move.
109) 0) text: Julian is walking around Chang's apartment... looking at family pictures... getting a sense of how they live. He opens drawers and closets and studies all the photos o as a boxer and soldier. ...on a wall is a framed article in Thai that Charlie Lin reading.
109) 1) dialog: What's it say? Charlie starts reading the article out:
109) 4) dialog: The Angel Of Vengeance.
117) 0) text: ... where Julian is sitting on the couch wearing the moto helmet, a shotgun on his lap. Kanita is standing in the middle of the room, staring at Charlie Ling leans against the opposite wall, a pistol in hand. Nadee remains silent, trying to think fast.
121) 0) text: CLOSE ON Nadee who stares at the main door then slowly tu to Julian. She knows they're trapped. Beat.
123) 0) text: Julian takes off his helmet that's covered in blood, thro onto the floor and walks toward the front door.
123) 3) dialog: No way.
123) 6) dialog: Who said? Beat.
123) 7) dialog: My mother? Charlie Ling nods.
123) 8) dialog: What kind of a mother says that?
123) 10) dialog: No. We're not doing it.
124) 0) text: Julian walks out of the apartment with the shotgun raised expecting to shoot Ko Sam... But the hallway is empty...
125) 0) text: Julian stumbles out of the apartment, desperately catchin breath. He ends up leaning on a stall - similar to the on knocked over outside Choi Yan Lee's kiosk. Candles and in Buddha's smiling back at him... Julian looks around him and again everything seems intens incredibly vibrant... A group of school children, all of are Downs Syndrome, are crossing the road. Smiles plaster their faces... Julian stares at them... Their presence se have a calming effect on him, as if they're giving him ne to do what he's starting to realize he has to do next.
127) 0) text: Julian walks across towards the lift, the shotgun hidden his shirt.
128) 0) text: Lift music. Julian stands perfectly still in the lift as up... Just like Chang did before...
129) 0) text: As Julian walks down the corridor he takes the shotgun ou it out in front of him as if it were a sacred weapon... He reaches the door to his mother's room and pauses. Julian stares at the door as if it was heaven's gate... H the shotgun with two fresh cartridges.
129) 1) dialog: Only God forgives. And now mother - you will die... He rings the bell, raising the shotgun, ready to shoot. T
129) 4) dialog: Where's is she?
129) 8) dialog: I'm so fucked...
133) 0) text: Gordon and Julian walk towards Gordon's car, the sounds o footsteps ricocheting off the concrete walls. Reaching the car, Gordon stands by the driver's door as J heads for the passenger's side. Gordon pauses before unlocking the door. Looks over to Ju talking across the roof of the car.
133) 2) dialog: ... Yeah.
133) 4) dialog: What did she say? What did she promise you?
134) 0) text: Julian falls out into a side street. He's badly wounded b going to make it...
135) 0) text: Julian takes the top off a vodka bottle with his teeth. H the spirit over his wound. It stings like hell and Julian in agony.
136) 0) text: Julian walks out into the night, the neon glow turning th into a modern day Hades.... Although the wound isn't life threatening, Julian's face from the loss of blood. He looks like a ghost. He sees two cops chatting on a street corner. They don't they're not even looking for him, but they remind him. Ch It's just a matter of time... Julian keeps walking. Wipes sweat from his face. Looking place to hide. A hole in the ground. Anything. Then suddenly it comes to him. A single idea. A possible escape...
138) 0) text: Mai comes from round a corner and sees Julian leaning aga the wall. She checks that they're alone, knowing instinct that he's in trouble.
138) 2) dialog: I've got to get out of Bangkok. Didn't want to leave... He winces.
138) 3) dialog: ... without saying goodbye.
138) 5) dialog: My mother... She made me what I am. And now I've got nothing. And they're after me. Mai stares at him.
138) 8) dialog: I got about twelve grand at the club... Should be enough to get us there. Set ourselves up. Disappear...
138) 10) dialog: Right now. Mai looks around - they're alone.
139) 0) text: Julian watches as Mai comes into the Restaurant from the and walks over to the bar area... Making sure no one's watching, Mai starts to pull money o the til... Julian looks over at the shop front next to him... A Trav Pictures of holidays and beaches. Paradise. It all seems grasp. Mai comes up to him...
140) 0) text: Mai and Julian are in the Taxi. He puts his arm around he on their way...
142) 0) text: Julian gets out of the taxi.
142) 1) dialog: Stay here. If I'm not out in five minutes... Go. Mai nods.
143) 0) text: We PAN THROUGH Julian's empty club. It's silent and empty a tomb... We PICK UP Julian as he hurries through towards his offic
144) 0) text: Back where we first met him... Julian flings open the door to his safe and starts pullin of money into a canvas hold all. He's about to leave when he notices someone standing in t behind him. Slowly, out of the darkness, a series of figures appear l vampires... Chang and the Cops. Impossible to say how lon been standing there... Chang and Julian stare at each other...
145) 0) text: Chang brings Julian out of the club. A police car is wait Mai sits in the back seat.
147) 0) text: Daeng is driving. Kim sits next to him. Daeng looks into mirror to see-- Julian and Mai sitting next to Chang. Mai looks scared... more accepting of his fate...
151) 0) text: Chang leads Juilan across the field. The Cops follow a fe behind with Mai. Suddenly, and completely unexpectedly, Chang punches Juli the gut... Julian falls to the floor and Chang starts to attack him, punching and kicking him. Finally Julian, unable to defend himself, is lying on the immobile.
151) 5) dialog: I'm sorry...
151) 8) dialog: Don't hurt her. He kicks him in the stomach.
151) 11) dialog: I'm sorry... Chang kicks him again - like you would kick a dog... Juil Chang squats down next to him.
151) 14) dialog: I don't know... I'm sorry. Chang gets up and walks on. He stops and turns round.
152) 0) text: A couple of wild dogs watch as our group reach a high poi Chang looks down at Julian who is lying on the ground. Th stand in the background with Mai. Chang sits next to Julian.
152) 5) dialog: Dark... Darkness. Chang looks at him in a strange way - like this answer ha meaning for him.
152) 8) dialog: No... Never. Chang considers this answer for a long moment. He gets up returns to Mai - stares at her....
154) 0) text: Chang leans down next to Julian and whispers something in Julian's ear - so softly that we cannot hear it. Whatever it instantly has an effect on Julian. He visibly relaxes. He doesn't make a sound as he's held down. A plastic stra tied around his arm as a tourniquet. His arm is pulled ou Chang swings the axe and chops off first his left hand an his right. Julian grits his teeth throughout. Doesn't scream. Chang picks up the severed hands and throws them to the w The dogs tear into the meat, fighting over their prize.
159) 0) text: Julian is lying in hospital. Bandages covering the terrib where his hands once were. Mai is sitting beside him. Spoon feeding him food.