32) 0) text: Chang and Kanita, his eight year old daughter, are playin her dolls who have captured a soft toy.
32) 3) dialog: 
32) 7) dialog: 
32) 11) dialog: 
32) 15) dialog: 
34) 0) text: Nadee starts making breakfast as Kanita watches cartoons.
38) 0) text: Chang walks down the streets towards a school. Standing a gate, Kanita is waiting for him. He hugs her and they hol as they continue down the crowded street.
39) 0) text: Chang waits patiently at the counter as Kanita sorts thro various dolls, trying to choose which one to buy... Chang looks round and gazes out the window into the stree pedestrians stream past. Suddenly Chang has a strange VIS All the women disappear. In the street there are only men We cut to a CLOSE UP of Chang and then back to his VISION Now all the men have gone and he can see only women. Back to the CLOSE UP of Chang who continues staring out o
92) 0) text: The crowd is packed. In one corner: Julian. Charlie Ling him along with Ko Sam. He looks focussed. Confident. In the other corner: Chang. Kim next to him along with a of his crew. He looks incredibly calm. The first bell sounds. Five second warning... Chang looks over into the crowd. Kanita with Nadee. Kanit him a 'thumbs up'. Chang smiles. Returns it. Julian looks over. Sees Mai take a seat. She holds his ga The second bell sounds. The first of five rounds. Julian walk up to the centre of the ring. The Referee stands bet them. Brings them together. A quick look down to the Thre Then a look between the two fighters. Julian eyes Chang. Steely determination in his eyes. Chan back at him without emotion.
93) 0) text: Julian moves towards the middle where Chang is already wa Julian waits for Chang this time. Chang is reluctant to a A waiting game... Who will strike first... Chang wins. Ju moves to kick Chang in the ribs, keeping both his hands d he moves in. Chang predicts this and prepares to throw hi kick as it comes in. Chang steps back, but again Julian s using his right foot instead to pivot and unleashes a kil with his left foot. Chang goes flying backwards. PICK OUT the look of concern etched on the faces of Nadee Kanita. Chang recovers but Julian moves in fast with a series of and elbows. Chang's on the ropes now and getting badly be He clings on to Julian to limit the damage.
98) 0) text: Chang, Nadee and Kanita are having a nice dinner - happy Chang won and enjoying each other's company in silence...
99) 0) text: Chang tucks in his daughter. Nadee watches from the doorw Kanita still has some dolls on her bed. He starts taking off. Notices one of them is broken.
99) 3) dialog: 
99) 7) dialog: 
99) 9) dialog: 
103) 0) text: Nadee and Kanita walk through the various stalls buying g
110) 0) text: Nadee and Kanita come out of the elevator and Nadee quick that police guard from before has been replaced by someon (Ko Sam)... Ko Sam smiles...
114) 0) text: Nadee hear's Kanita call for her from the living room.
117) 0) text: ... where Julian is sitting on the couch wearing the moto helmet, a shotgun on his lap. Kanita is standing in the middle of the room, staring at Charlie Ling leans against the opposite wall, a pistol in hand. Nadee remains silent, trying to think fast.
130) 0) text: Kanita sits in a chair, her father standing behind her. V Kim is showing her various head shots of criminals... Kanita shakes her head until Chang puts down a picture of She looks up at her father - nods...
157) 0) text: We see kids waiting outside the school for their parents them up. Kanita spots Chang, runs towards him and they em