15) 0) text: Chang makes his way up the stairs to a landing where a GR POLICEMEN are gathered. Their circle opens up as Chang ap and they bow as he joins them - like he's a God. One of t Kim Han Ho, gestures towards the door of Room 610 where T stand guard. Chang gives a nod and the door is opened.
17) 0) text: The Hotel Owner serves tea to Chang who sits in silence w Lieutenant Kim. The door is open and we can see into room across the corridor where Billy is still sat staring at t television.
21) 0) text: Chang sits drinking tea in silence with Lieutenant Kim. T in the corridor stare at the closed door of Room 610 from we hear the cries of Billy being beaten to death. ANGLE ON: Daeng who's starting to look scared. Phaiban pu reassuring hand on his shoulder. As the beating reaches its climax, with Choi Yan Lee scre out Thai obscenities, we hear the sickening sound of Bill snapping. And then a regular thud as blow after blow rain on his body.
24) 0) text: The bloodied Choi Yan Lee sits in the back, Chang on one Kim on the other. As the police car turns onto a more maj Choi Yan Lee starts to get nervous.
24) 3) dialog: 
55) 0) text: Julian stands on the street corner sipping a soft drink. Behind him Gordon, his phone glued to his face. On the other side of the road is Choi Yan Lee's Kiosk, bi to double as his home, currently manned by his long suffe wife Kim Yan Lee. She serves a chilled coconut to a man. turns round we reveal... he's a particularly murderous lo member of Julian's crew - Ko Sam. We pick out Charlie Ling a little further down the road, looking at a tray of battery powered robots that some Str selling. They're all counting down the minutes. Biding their time. for Choi Yan Lee to turn up. Finally the sound of the Tuck-tuck approaching... Ko Sam drinks his coconut down in one - slurping as he hi bottom. Letting the empty shell fall to the floor. Charlie Ling stands up. Feels the gun under his jacket. The Tuck-tuck pulls up and Choi Yan Lee's Daughters help the kiosk that doubles as their home. Julian and his men close in.
64) 2) dialog: We're investigating the murder of Choi Yan Lee. Julian recovers. Turns to Kim and shrugs.
64) 4) dialog: His arm was cut off. Here. Julian manages to cover his reaction.
64) 7) dialog: He was the father of the girl that was found dead with your brother.
64) 9) dialog: That's why we're here Mr Hopkins. If you could just answer our questions.
64) 11) dialog: Where were you last night?
64) 14) dialog: That wont be necessary at the moment.
66) 1) dialog: 
66) 8) dialog: He has to do it. Since he came out of the coma, that's what he's done. Whatever's been asked of him, he's done it. He can't help it. It's all a mystery... A mutual pause.
92) 0) text: The crowd is packed. In one corner: Julian. Charlie Ling him along with Ko Sam. He looks focussed. Confident. In the other corner: Chang. Kim next to him along with a of his crew. He looks incredibly calm. The first bell sounds. Five second warning... Chang looks over into the crowd. Kanita with Nadee. Kanit him a 'thumbs up'. Chang smiles. Returns it. Julian looks over. Sees Mai take a seat. She holds his ga The second bell sounds. The first of five rounds. Julian walk up to the centre of the ring. The Referee stands bet them. Brings them together. A quick look down to the Thre Then a look between the two fighters. Julian eyes Chang. Steely determination in his eyes. Chan back at him without emotion.
93) 3) dialog: 
107) 0) text: Chang and the Cops walk into the hotel. Chang heads for t while Kim approaches reception. Chang calls the lift and waits. Kim comes back.
107) 1) dialog: They wont disturb us. Chang nods. The elevator door opens.
107) 3) dialog: Top.
111) 0) text: Jenna sips tea from a China cup. She puts it back down on saucer. Kim is sitting opposite her. Chang stands in the background.
111) 2) dialog: When are you leaving?
111) 4) dialog: And your other son - is he going with you?
111) 6) dialog: You watched him fight. Jenna looks over to Chang.
130) 0) text: Kanita sits in a chair, her father standing behind her. V Kim is showing her various head shots of criminals... Kanita shakes her head until Chang puts down a picture of She looks up at her father - nods...
147) 0) text: Daeng is driving. Kim sits next to him. Daeng looks into mirror to see-- Julian and Mai sitting next to Chang. Mai looks scared... more accepting of his fate...