55) 0) text: Julian stands on the street corner sipping a soft drink. Behind him Gordon, his phone glued to his face. On the other side of the road is Choi Yan Lee's Kiosk, bi to double as his home, currently manned by his long suffe wife Kim Yan Lee. She serves a chilled coconut to a man. turns round we reveal... he's a particularly murderous lo member of Julian's crew - Ko Sam. We pick out Charlie Ling a little further down the road, looking at a tray of battery powered robots that some Str selling. They're all counting down the minutes. Biding their time. for Choi Yan Lee to turn up. Finally the sound of the Tuck-tuck approaching... Ko Sam drinks his coconut down in one - slurping as he hi bottom. Letting the empty shell fall to the floor. Charlie Ling stands up. Feels the gun under his jacket. The Tuck-tuck pulls up and Choi Yan Lee's Daughters help the kiosk that doubles as their home. Julian and his men close in.
56) 0) text: As Choi Yan Lee enters his home and his daughters make a of him, the shutters of the kiosk counter are suddenly SL SHUT. They all turn round in panic, but before they can do anyt about it, the last of the three daughters is pushed into followed by Ko Sam, Charlie Ling, Gordon and Julian. Choi Yan Lee snivels in the corner, waving his bandaged a the air.
92) 0) text: The crowd is packed. In one corner: Julian. Charlie Ling him along with Ko Sam. He looks focussed. Confident. In the other corner: Chang. Kim next to him along with a of his crew. He looks incredibly calm. The first bell sounds. Five second warning... Chang looks over into the crowd. Kanita with Nadee. Kanit him a 'thumbs up'. Chang smiles. Returns it. Julian looks over. Sees Mai take a seat. She holds his ga The second bell sounds. The first of five rounds. Julian walk up to the centre of the ring. The Referee stands bet them. Brings them together. A quick look down to the Thre Then a look between the two fighters. Julian eyes Chang. Steely determination in his eyes. Chan back at him without emotion.
102) 0) text: It's still early - the sun is only just starting to rise he city. Charlie Ling's driving, Ko Sam beside him. Julian's in th street. His face is a mask, his eyes hidden by his sungla next to him is a silver shining motorcycle helmet.
110) 0) text: Nadee and Kanita come out of the elevator and Nadee quick that police guard from before has been replaced by someon (Ko Sam)... Ko Sam smiles...
110) 1) dialog: 
124) 0) text: Julian walks out of the apartment with the shotgun raised expecting to shoot Ko Sam... But the hallway is empty...