0) 0) text: The NEB is slung between the two HOVERCRAFT, with the coc backwards.  TRINITY,  MORPHEUS,  TANK,  and  NEO,  the  f Anderson, crowd the cockpit. Helpless, the landscape spee them, while a wall of red-eyed SQUIDDIES speeds to them. It's been a mere TWO DAYS  since the realization of NEOВ’ the defeat of AGENT SMITH. The slipstream whistles violen interior  of the  ship, and  the crew  is cold,  tired, h stressed beyond  belief as  they can  only watch  the act knocked-out ship. MORPHEUS is on a headset.
0) 1) dialog: "Niobe, theyВ’re closing."
0) 3) dialog: "Just a few. Maybe two or three. Hundred."
8) 4) dialog: "A concentric ring of defenses that shields Zion. The fig just saved us constitute the first ring."
8) 6) dialog: "For the moment, perhaps. Its still a long drive home."
8) 26) dialog: "We're almost home. We'll need a detail. Five minutes." HE closes the hatch and disappears.
10) 0) text: The tarmac  is a  busy, crowded  military airport,  with different  sizes  spread  across  the  lot.  Its  housed houses in a cave so huge  the ceiling is out of site.  Cr around,  servicing  battle-damaged   vehicles.  Munitions across the tarmac on   robot rolling racks. No  one  pays its battered crew any mind. Nearby, the SEPHORA and FREEDOM  are parked. Their engine and their powered hatches are open. The crewmembers are s NIOBE hurries to MORPHEUS' side, and he steps toward her, their  military manner  is quickly  restored, though  the contain their grins.
10) 1) dialog: "Niobe..."
10) 4) dialog: "Thanks for the rescue."
10) 6) text: It's CHOI - the NEO's supposed neighbor and hacking finan Exhuberant and oblivious, he joyfully gets in MORPHEUS' f
10) 8) text: NIOBE smiles at Morpheus and fades back as BOOTH shouts h praises. Morpheus turns to his less-mature peer.
10) 19) text: MORPHEUS turns from Niobe and  a Zion officer. He address glancing at the others.
10) 20) dialog: "Go on ship's liberty. Meet me in the Dead Duck at 21:00 or sober."
12) 0) text: The lights are dim, and only a few late night revelers st the  streets  on their  way  back home.  Walking  straigh through the stragglers are MORPHEUS and NIOBE.
12) 1) dialog: "So, how do you like having your own command?"
12) 3) dialog: "You must be both mother and father to your crew." NIOBE nods, and looks into the bar. Inside, the crews are and loud.
12) 5) dialog: "As long as they donВ’t get out of line, IВ’ll just be a
13) 6) dialog: "So, you can smack me around, Neo?"
13) 8) text: MORPHEUS taps him on the forehead. NEO blinks and falls b booth. He stands before them.
13) 10) dialog: "HeВ’s on bereavement leave with his mother. Dozer was th sheВ’s lost in this war." His comments set a sober tone.
13) 11) dialog: "The Nebechanezzer is out of commission for at least a mo thatВ’s not giving us a rest."
13) 13) dialog: "Yes. This is another special op. IВ’m in command, Niobe are team leaders. Neo is our secret weapon." FLASH TO: NEO, passed out with his mouth open on the couc
13) 14) dialog: "We donВ’t know exactly what heВ’s capable of. He may be his potential, or he may have already reached it. We are him, as he does from us."
13) 16) dialog: "YouВ’ve been assigned to this mission because youВ’re th
13) 19) dialog: "You donВ’t have to go, Choi. Volunteers only."
13) 21) dialog: "We have a chance, here, but the window of opportunity is ships say the Matrix is already upgrading and re-coding t entry. And NeoВ’s."
13) 23) dialog: "He is the One."
14) 0) text: The FREEDOM hovers  slowly, silently, like  a submarine a through  the murky  depths. It  suddenly comes  to a  qui descends. The engines fade out, and the vessel rests, dar cave. A quartet of  SQUIDDIES slips by.  We follow as  they wor through  the  twisted passageway,  watching  as they  pas cockpit by mere feet. FREEZE on the cockpit. Within the shadows we see Morpheus the controls.
15) 1) dialog: "Power up. Sleep mode."
16) 34) dialog: "And others are able to change the reality of the Matrix HE points to Neo.
16) 35) dialog: "Discussing history, are we?" RAZOR shakes his head.
16) 37) dialog: "In the Matrix, without him, weВ’re helpless."
16) 39) dialog: "Not until we reach broadcast depth. ItВ’s slow going out guess they know weВ’re coming back, so theyВ’re patrollin to rest and ready."
41) 5) text: RAZOR patches into MORPHEUSВ’ cabin through the headset.
42) 0) text: ITВ’S dark, but  quiet classical music  can be heard.  He alone. NIOBEВ’S shaded form can be made out behind him. MORPHEUS sounds awake,  but looks anything  but. He grabs handset only an armВ’s length from him.
42) 1) dialog: "IВ’m here."
42) 3) text: MORPHEUS starts  dressing as  he talks.  He puts  a reasu NIOBEВ’S shoulder.
42) 4) dialog: "Proximity alarm?"
42) 6) dialog: "Be right there."
42) 7) text: MORPHEUS hangs  up the  phone and  jumps into  his boots. NIOBE as he works.
42) 8) dialog: "It sounds bad. TheyВ’re readjusting quicker than we thou NIOBE jumps up and dresses quickly.
42) 10) dialog: "It appears that they are learning their lessons." NIOBE shakes her head.
42) 11) text: "Morpheus, how much are you going to tell him?" MORPHEUS pauses.
42) 12) dialog: "Tell Neo? About his predecessors, I suppose?" NIOBE, dressed, nods.
42) 13) dialog: "He is the -" NIOBE puts a finger to his lips.
42) 15) dialog: "To me, none came before him. The Oracle told me I would It is prophecy. You havenВ’t seen what he can do."
42) 17) dialog: "There are lots of ifs. How about this one: What if we lo our cause?"
43) 0) text: MORPHEUS leans over RAZOR and CHOI.
43) 1) dialog: "Talk to me."
43) 3) dialog: "Do it. WeВ’re at broadcast depth?"
43) 5) dialog: "We have to download our mission specs. Move aside, I hav the mainframe."
43) 6) text: MORPHEUS  takes  over  RAZORS  seat.  The  scrolling  cod replaced by the small words: ZION.dtr1.mnfr4m3 LOGON. MORPHEUS pushes  the keyboard  under the  console so  its view. He taps at the  keyboard. Hidden password appears o in the form of: XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX. SCREEN: LOGON ACCEPTED. WELCOME, MORPHEUS. MISSION SPECS DOWNLOADING...
43) 10) text: MORPHEUSВ’ eyes open slightly when he reads the screen, b his  composure  quickly. RAZORВ’S  mouth  drops open,  an cracking up.
43) 15) dialog: "We have our mission, but itВ’s up to us to interperate h it."
43) 17) dialog: "You havenВ’t seen The One in action." RAZOR looks dubious, and turns to the screens.
43) 18) dialog: "Can you hack in?"
43) 21) dialog: "We donВ’t speak of the past."
43) 24) dialog: "Morning. Niobe, wake the rest of the crew. Razor, whatВ’ getting us in there?" RAZOR shakes his head.
43) 26) dialog: "Come with me."
49) 0) text: MORPHEUS and  NEO sit  together. The  cockpit lights  are only the EMP pulse button glows.  Outside the ship, in th of the underworld,  patches of eerie  phosphorescent moss walls. Occasionally, a squiddie will pass over the darken The two of them watch the deadly outside world.
49) 1) dialog: "WeВ’re deep in their territory."
49) 3) text: MORPHEUS stares out at the night, deep in thought. He tur
49) 4) dialog: "Are you rested?"
49) 6) dialog: "You know now, that you had predecessors."
49) 8) dialog: "What types of things?"
49) 10) dialog: "ItВ’s true. There were others. And I didnВ’t tell you ri Because you were not ready." NEO nods.
49) 11) dialog: "Does this anger you?"
49) 13) dialog: "You shouldnВ’t be, Neo. You are the key in the OracleВ’s Everything forseen to come to pass, has, except one thing
49) 15) dialog: "The destruction of The Matrix."
49) 16) text: MORPHEUS looks out into the darkness.
49) 17) dialog: "Your coming was heralded, and it is my destiny to prepar for you, and to baptize you by fire. But from here on out knows."
49) 19) dialog: "Not in this life." NEO is confused.
49) 20) dialog: "No one has heard from her or her priestesses since the d turned on us." NEO is taken aback.
49) 22) dialog: "Perhaps she did." NEO shakes his head.
49) 25) dialog: "Remember, when I told you, that IВ’ll show you how deep hole goes?"
49) 27) dialog: "I brought you deep, yet I no longer know the way. No one every second we sink deeper than before. You are our guid now. Your powers exceed mine a millionfold. I have shown to victory, Neo. Lead us down it."
50) 0) text: MORPHEUS, NEO, TRINITY, CHOI, and  NIOBE are on the chair being JACKED IN by CIRCA and RAZOR. CUT TO: RAZOR jumps in the  operatorВ’s chair, his hands touchscreens and keyboard as he drops his crewmates into
50) 1) dialog: "WeВ’re going straight for the throat, people." ANGLE ON: RAZOR and CIRCA  typing like made at their  key hits the ENTER  key. They look  on, transfixed with  anti screaming Matrix code grinds to a readable halt. The slap hands and continue hacking.
50) 2) dialog: "We have the advantage of surprise. They wonВ’t expect us soon."
53) 0) text: MORPHEUS holds his celly to his ear.
53) 3) dialog: "Niobe, youВ’re the liasion to our operators. Neo, what d a game plan?"
53) 5) dialog: "The Metacortex building." NEOВ’s jaw drops.
53) 10) dialog: "They keep the left hand from seeing what the right hand ThatВ’s how an evil system can be made by innocent people doesnВ’t matter." NEO recovers.
53) 15) dialog: "WeВ’ll fan out around the city, keeping an eye out for y able to accomplish this mission, weВ’ll phase back into t in contact. If you lose your cell, contact an operator im
54) 0) text: THE five  of them  exit. They  blend into  the crowds  on anonymous and  quiet. MORPHEUS  looks back  as NEO,  tall heads down the street. NIOBE pauses next to him.
54) 2) dialog: "WhatВ’s going to happen? If this is it, right now? The e
54) 5) text: MORPHEUS glances at it, and continues on.
61) 0) text: MORPHEUS and NIOBE  stand atop a  building a few  blocks toward the Metacortex building. ANGLE on NEO
62) 0) text: NIOBE and MORPHEUS  stare on in  amazement as the  buildi floor by floor.
62) 2) dialog: "I knew it."
65) 0) text: MORPHEUS and NIOBE stare from the rooftop.
79) 0) text: MORPHEUS answers his phone.
81) 1) dialog: "Send through ghosts to confuse their lock."
86) 0) text: MORPHEUS and NIOBE stare on as the fight rages. MORPHEUS grips  the edge  of the  brick wall  edge. The s under the tension.
86) 1) dialog: "We can only watch."
89) 0) text: A  BIRD flying  by NIOBE  and MORPHEUS  slows its  flight flapping, and freezes. CU: MORPHEUS. A pink lightning  bolt freezes as it streak sky, sealing the worldВ’s light in an a light rouge.
92) 0) text: MORPHEUS is on the phone
92) 1) dialog: "What the hellВ’s going on?"
93) 2) dialog: "Why?"
100) 0) text: RAZOR dials the phone. MORPHEUS picks up.
100) 1) dialog: "Yes."
101) 0) text: MORPHEUS looks  at the  phone and  redials. RAZOR  comes voice digitized and distorted.
101) 2) text: MORPHEUS signals to NIOBE. They exit the roof as he dials
102) 1) dialog: "LetВ’s go. Laxe Three."
102) 3) dialog: "We can do nothing to help him. WeВ’ll only get in his wa THEY leave the room.
106) 0) text: THE sky and Matrix are still  frozen. TRINITY and CHOI ma along cautiously, leapfrogging from cover to cover. They a dumpster, and  just before looking  out, thereВ’s the tapping metal, twice. TRINITY looks in  the direction of  the sound. MORPHEUS standing still in the shadows, near the end of the alley. CHOI make their way to them. TRINITY peeks  cautiously around  the edge.  On the  othe street is a phone booth.
106) 2) dialog: "I smell an ambush."
108) 1) dialog: "Go."
112) 2) text: MORPHEUS, NIOBE, and TRINITY rush to him, picking him up CHOI is  screaming and  laughing. Someone  grabs his  smo dragging it along. CHOI stares at the ex-flame as they ca His eyes are crazy.
112) 5) dialog: "This way."
113) 0) text: TRINITY and NIOBE  take one side  of the street,  running simultaneously. THEY reach  the buildings on  the side an STRAIGHT UP THE FAГ‡ADE OF THE BUILDING, as TRINITY jumps cover, cart wheeling through tracer fire and bullets. ON  THE  OTHER side  of  the street,  MORPHEUS  goes stra building  faГ§ade  and  starts  running  sideways,  compl gravity, firing downward at the soldiers.
114) 2) dialog: "The garage, hurry!"
114) 3) text: THEY dive behind a corner as  a tank fires. Morpheus thro forward as the tank round hits  the edge of the building, concrete and brick wall into a massive cloud of powder. P of rubble falls on MorpheusВ’ legs. He drags himself forw Trinity grab his arms and haul him out of the rubble. Nio lock off a steel door, and they pile into the building.
116) 0) text: THE street scene spins before them. TRINITY is at the whe and dusty MORPHEUS sitting next to  her. The tach is redl car rips up the street. Pedestrians dive for cover. TRINITY holds her wounded hand to her chest and drives on "Shift."
116) 1) text: MORPHEUS does so,  and the tires  squeal again when  she second, then  third. In  a few  seconds theyВ’re  over 60 street.
118) 0) text: THEY rocket up the entry to a highway, ripping past cars the breakdown lane.  Once they hit  a straightaway Trinit and the speedo creeps up past 130 as they dodge in and ou MORPHEUS grabs his twisted, folded legs. He was literally the seat. Concentrating, his face knotting in pain, he st broken, fractured legs. He closes his eyes and concentrat The legs reform into straight, strong limbs. MORPHEUS grabs the wheel.
118) 1) dialog: "Keep your foot on the gas. Heal thyself." TRINITY pulls her bleeding wound from her arm. Her face t she closes her eyes, fervently concentrating, shutting th which  is  good,  as  they suffer  constant  close  calls controls the wheel from his awkward spot. When she opens her eyes again, she grabs the wheel. With MORPHEUS pulls out  his cell and  tries the line.  ItВ’s static.
118) 3) dialog: "None. TheyВ’ve killed city-wide comms."
118) 5) dialog: "They canВ’t track us, but that gives them more time to d exits, and find the Neb. WeВ’ll try the desert. Communica working there still."
118) 7) dialog: "She knows to meet us there."
126) 0) text: MORPHEUS tries his cell again. This time, it reaches the
127) 2) dialog: "Good to hear youВ’re still there."
127) 4) dialog: "About two hundred miles east of the city, on highway 315 exit."
128) 1) dialog: "I donВ’t remember an exit there."
128) 3) dialog: "Out."
130) 0) text: MORPHEUSВ’ phone rings. He answers. ItВ’s Razor.
130) 2) dialog: "Check the phone for bombs."
132) 2) dialog: "Not a problem."
133) 0) text: THE Countach skids  to a stop,  kicking up a  massive dus hides the  car. We  hear the  door slide,  and the  massi figure of MORPHEUS emerges from the dust. An Uzi in each hand, pointed at US. THE COP behind the wheel is too slow to draw, call for ba duck for cover. The safety glass is destroyed as gunfire it, chewing the cop to pieces. His body thrashes in the s MORPHEUS turns away. NIOBE pulls up on her bike and gets obviously the ride had been  a long one. Trinity joins  t stops.
133) 1) dialog: "I thought Razor said their were two cops."
136) 1) dialog: "Niobe, you first."
138) 0) text: MORPHEUS and NIOBE open fire. Smith shudders, flickers vi body moving too fast to follow as the two rebels empty th him. The actions of the guns stop in the open position, b empty chambers smoking, as the last empty shells patter t MORPHEUS throws the guns down and turns to Niobe.
138) 1) dialog: "Get her out."
140) 0) text: MORPHEUS charges SMITH.  Smith ignores reloads  him, and the exposed back of Niobe as she is reaching up to put th on the  hook. As  the sights  rest right  between her sho Morpheus grabs his gun with both hands. He squeezes off o action freeze  back on  an empty  chamber, before  Morphe hands up in the air The shot ricochets clips NiobeВ’s ear and ricochets off t hangs up the phone and touches the blood of her ear. The She looks at it, then back at Morpheus and Smith, raising fight. She leaves the ringing phone and runs to join the fight.
142) 0) text: Morpheus and  Smith clash  in the  dust -  punches, kicks coming too  fast to  see. Smith  is wailing  on Morpheus, sneaks in a  kick that separates  them. They take  stance distances away. TheyВ’re about to go at it again when: NIOBE sprints  into the  fight. Performing  a flying  lea grabs her  and swings  her down,  crashing her  body into with a sickening crack-thud. She rolls, fighting the pain flies  back into  action, catching  the agent  with a  fu swinging kicks. Niobe grits back the pain and rejoins her love. Together the agent, their speed almost, almost equaling his, their by the limits of their Matrix-bending powers. Finally, Sm He  lands  a punch  into  NiobeВ’s stomach,  and  her bod unnaturally, as if her back is broken. She crumples to th pouring from her mouth. MORPHEUS screams and brings a hammer blow down on the bac neck,  smashing  the  agentВ’s  face  down  and  imprinti concrete. For a  moment, Smith is  still. Morpheus collec runs for the phone booth, which is still ringing. ITВ’S too far. Smith grabs him around the knees, spilling Man handling him like he weighs nothing, Smith gets on to starts smashing his fists down into MorpheusВ’ face.
144) 0) text: HALF-DEAD MORPHEUS drags NIOBE to the booth. Behind them, Agent Smith backs away from RAZORВ’S dual bl one short. Whenever Razor attacks,  Smith backs away. The another. MORPHEUS puts Niobe through the phone. RAZOR forces Smith around.
144) 2) dialog: "Reload me."
145) 2) text: SHE punches  some keys.  MORPHEUSВ’ 3-D  avatar flashes along with a massive array of weapons.
146) 0) text: MORPHEUS disappears for a second, then reappears. Now he clean, and immaculately dressed. He replaces his sunglass through  the remains  of the  booth, walking  toward the produces new weapons, heavy with ammo, from his long coat RAZOR keeps  swinging at  SMITH -  and missing.  Seeing h runs back for the ringing  phone. SMITH pursues, almost o the neo-samurai jumps in the  air and pirouhettes, swingi after another, like a helicopter blade from Hell. IN the liquid  world of slo-mo,  the short sword  cuts th outstretched fingers, sending them  flying. The long swor forearm, cutting through the fabric  and taking off a sli The tip of  the sword slices  through his suit,  cutting digging about an inch into his torso. SMITH collapses into the dust, his  face a mask of blood doesnВ’t try to get up. RAZOR passes MORPHEUS, who backs up to the ringing phone goes  through first.  MORPHEUS keeps  his eyes  and weapo SMITH, who  makes no  attempt to  pursue. He  stands calm dignified manner, wipes dust off  his clothing as he watc step into the booth, and replace the phone. It rings. One hand on the receiver, Morpheus stares back SMITH stands there, not attempting to pursue. Morpheus pa advantage of the chance to observe his deadly enemy. SMITH stares at the booth for a second. Emotion twists hi anger,  then  perhaps  sadness.  HeВ’s lost.  HeВ’ll  be forever. With a quicksilver flash,  his body reverts back  to the rookie cop. THE young  man is  left standing  there. He  is filthy, sliced up, and the fingers of one hand are missing. He lo the carnage  as his  mouth simply  opens and  closes, ref shock. He focuses on Morpheus. The rebel answers the phone and disappears, leaving the c broken and his mind blown.
147) 0) text: CIRCA helps MORPHEUS off the interface chair. Razor is tr
147) 2) dialog: "Where is Neo?"
147) 4) text: MORPHEUS appears enraged. He looks at Neo, supine on his
147) 5) dialog: "Why does it still exist? Why hasnВ’t he destroyed it yet
147) 10) dialog: "What? Why not?"
147) 13) text: MORPHEUS  stares at  the data  on the  screens. The  Matr pushes Razor out of the way, and starts hacking at the ke incredible rate. ItВ’s obvious Morpheus can handle comput
147) 14) dialog: "I found him once. IВ’ll find him again." We  go deeper  into the  miasma of  green symbols,  swall blackness of the screen, and emerge into:
149) 1) dialog: "Neo."
149) 4) dialog: "I know."
150) 0) text: MORPHEUS has the headset on. He stands and surveys NEO.
150) 1) dialog: "Yes, there is a problem. The Matrix exists."
151) 2) dialog: "And the problem is..."
151) 6) dialog: "I didnВ’t say things would be easy, Neo." NEO sinks to the ground, shocked. He shakes his head.
152) 0) text: MORPHEUS isnВ’t happy about what he has to tell his protГ is no bending his will. The others look on soberly.
152) 1) dialog: "Neo, the Matrix... itВ’s not real. And itВ’s up to you t
153) 2) dialog: "Even if we could somehow get to them without cutting thr defenses, thereВ’s no way we can rehabilitate billions of wouldnВ’t even want to be woken up." Neo is silent.
153) 3) dialog: "You can do it. You can free us."
154) 0) text: Everyone is watching  Morpheus, and no  one can quite  be happening.
154) 1) dialog: "You know what needs to be done. Time is short. Make up y only way youВ’re getting out of the Matrix is through its Morpheus kills the connection.
156) 0) text: MORPHEUS drops the headset on  the operations console. He commands on the keyboard, then addresses the crew.
156) 1) dialog: "No one goes in. HeВ’s on his own." He leaves the main deck.