0) 0) text: The NEB is slung between the two HOVERCRAFT, with the coc backwards.  TRINITY,  MORPHEUS,  TANK,  and  NEO,  the  f Anderson, crowd the cockpit. Helpless, the landscape spee them, while a wall of red-eyed SQUIDDIES speeds to them. It's been a mere TWO DAYS  since the realization of NEOВ’ the defeat of AGENT SMITH. The slipstream whistles violen interior  of the  ship, and  the crew  is cold,  tired, h stressed beyond  belief as  they can  only watch  the act knocked-out ship. MORPHEUS is on a headset.
8) 0) text: The crew of the Neb breathe a collective sigh of relief a the scene of aerial carnage behind them. NEO has been gripping an oh-shit handle on the edge of th relaxes his grip as their escape is clear. Their ship sud a cave, and starts  to descend. The blue  wash of the shi walls and pipes. The ships are slowing down as they desce the earth. TANK'S shoulders drop, and he leans back into his chair.
8) 3) dialog: "What's that?"
8) 10) dialog: "Who is this guy?"
8) 13) dialog: "What happened to him?" TRINITY is sullen. "He didnВ’t make it."
8) 14) text: NEO returns to the bed and sits down, disturbed. Trinity awakening.
8) 15) dialog: "Was he like me?" TRINITY nods.
8) 17) dialog: "No. I've never been a big sleeper."
8) 19) dialog: "How many 'ones' have there been?"
8) 22) dialog: "But what does it mean, to be The One?"
8) 24) dialog: "So, now what?"
8) 27) dialog: "Does he ever knock?"
10) 6) text: It's CHOI - the NEO's supposed neighbor and hacking finan Exhuberant and oblivious, he joyfully gets in MORPHEUS' f
10) 12) text: He looks at what she's seeing. His gaze halts on NEO. He' concentrating on TANK and his apparent girlfriend, who se consoling him. He turns to see CHOI and DUJOUR, does a do and his jaw drops open.
10) 13) dialog: "You?" CHOI is quick to resume his cool.
11) 0) text: It's like a  valley floor running  between two gigantic that are  nearly vertical,  coming together  in an  elong Carved into the street level  are innumerable stores and them,  apartments and  balconies that  rise to  the top People  flow  through the  street.  Their clothes  are  h denim, and leather. Dyes and  color are absent. Carved in granite  walls,  between  homes  and  around  windows  an intricate and beautiful carvings. NEO is lead down  the street by CHOI,  DUJOUR, and TRINIT other rebels. The push through a mult-culti crowd of peop melting into one race.
11) 3) text: A group of frail, buzz-cut androgonites pass by them. The NEO, recognizing him as one of them, a new comer.
11) 4) dialog: "Where did they come from?"
11) 6) dialog: "How are their minds freed from the Matrix?"
11) 9) text: They step into a club, Dead  Duck. ItВ’s a sailor joint. beer on tap, and rum. Crewmembers of other ships recogniz greeting them, as they eye Neo.  They take a booth in the waitress arrives.
11) 20) dialog: "All I know is I kicked SmithВ’s ass."
11) 26) dialog: "God, how do you do that?"
11) 30) dialog: "What?"
11) 33) dialog: "Yeah."
11) 36) dialog: "Well. IВ’ll drink to that."
11) 38) text: This time, NEO follows the others and slams back the enti coughs and sputters as his friends and bar patrons cheer
13) 0) text: NEO is out of it, while the others are merely comfortably HeВ’s acting like a kid who broke into his fatherВ’s liqu
13) 2) dialog: "Kicked... kicked SmithВ’s ass."
13) 5) dialog: "Morpheus? Yeah, I smacked him around, too." MORPHEUS arrives just  in time to  hear the last  part. H grins down at NEO.
13) 7) dialog: "Oh yeah. Anytime."
13) 8) text: MORPHEUS taps him on the forehead. NEO blinks and falls b booth. He stands before them.
16) 0) text: The shipВ’s OPERATOR, a lean Asian  kid with a gaze like sits behind  NEO, whoВ’s  sitting at  the operatorВ’s  co hands on the abbreviated keyboard. Trinity sits with them as she observes. NEO  stares  at  the  screen. ItВ’s  a  huge  syllabus  o characters. He struggles to learn the complex code.
16) 1) dialog: "Ka equals 9. But reverse Ka is point-nine, right? RAZOR nods.
16) 3) dialog: "I know these symbols from the hacking trainer. But how c hard to find them on the keyboard?"
16) 6) dialog: "Where did these symbols come from, anyway?"
16) 8) dialog: "All numbers between zero and one. That could be an infin numbers."
16) 10) dialog: "Holy shit. How many calculations per second?"
16) 12) dialog: "OK. At last count that was what, a gazillion, right? Two RAZOR barely smiles at the joke.
16) 14) dialog: "Woah."
16) 16) dialog: "OK. ThatВ’s why it looks like reality. They have the com to create entire worlds."
16) 18) dialog: "So, if we hack into the Matrix, why canВ’t we just chang while weВ’re at it?"
16) 20) dialog: "Right."
16) 22) dialog: "Like reality."
16) 24) dialog: "How?"
16) 25) text: RAZOR stands  and taps  NeoВ’s skull.  He stretches,  gra style  wooden  sword, and,  out  of boredom,  starts  per precise Kendo moves around the main deck as he talks.
16) 27) dialog: "How did I end up as... a freak?"
16) 30) dialog: "OK, so how do you explain me?"
16) 32) dialog: "Well, what separates us from others?"
16) 41) dialog: "Boo."
16) 44) dialog: "It doesnВ’t matter if I do."
16) 46) dialog: "Yes."
16) 48) dialog: "I think you can do anything you want, if you believe."
16) 50) dialog: "I donВ’t know. I donВ’t know exactly what I can do." TRINITY half turns.
16) 52) dialog: "I donВ’t know if I can."
16) 54) text: NEO stands, and steps in front of TRINITY. HeВ’s on the v of the rock.  He extends his  hand down to  her. She grab hauls her up. Her eyes dart to the ground, thousands of f finger.
16) 56) dialog: "I wonВ’t let you fall. Ever."
16) 57) text: THEY look  into each  otherВ’s eyes.  Despite the  trauma through, and not even truly knowing one another, thereВ’s NEO suddenly backs away. He walks on the air with perfect though heВ’s on an invisible plane of glass. He leaves TR precariously on  the edge,  wobbling a  bit as  she maint against  nerves.  She  breathes  deep,  and  looks  back maintaining her cool even as she eyes the spectacle. NEO stands a few  feet away from her,  completely at ease altitude winds ruffle his hair. NEO extends a hand to her.
16) 58) dialog: "ItВ’s not real, Trinity. YouВ’re not standing there. Ste it. You can, too."
16) 61) text: SHE glances down, then locks eyes with NEO. Then drops li
16) 62) dialog: "Whoops."
16) 63) text: HE  dives down,  shooting like  a missile.  TRINITY is  c backwards, watching NEO  come for her.  The rocky ground her. She makes no effort to reach for NEO as he draws clo reaches for her with all his might.
16) 64) dialog: "Grab me!"
16) 66) dialog: "Grab on to me!"
16) 68) dialog: "What the hell were you doing?"
16) 71) dialog: "Showing me what? You nearly gave me a heart attack."
16) 73) dialog: "Oh. And this requires acts of insanity?" TRINITY smiles. She looks him up and down. She moves inti "So, you really are Superman."
16) 74) dialog: "Only when IВ’m plugged in."
16) 75) text: TRINITY steps away. NEO grabs her shoulder and turns her attempts a
16) 77) dialog: "What?"
16) 80) text: NEO doesnВ’t understand. TRINITY rolls her eyes.
17) 0) text: CHOI,  RAZOR,  DUJOUR, and  CIRCA  are sitting  around  t console, feet up, eating. On the screens are patchy image and NEO standing together in  the GLADE. ItВ’s like theyВ soap opera. TRINITY and NEO are looking in their direction. ON THE interface chairs, the bodies of TRINITY and NEO la
18) 0) text: TRINITY grabs NEO by the arm.
20) 0) text: IN the blue twilight shade, NEO and TRINITY kiss tentativ then quicker as  they give in  to their feelings  for one move around them slowly, then pan into the shadows, a nat
21) 12) text: ANGLE ON the book. It stops  on a page dedicated to someo like NEO, but with long hair and an extremely bad attitud photos of him on  a motorcycle with a  blonde, photos of with his gang friends.
21) 15) dialog: ANGLE ON: THE DOOR
21) 24) text: WE ZOOM in on the grainy photo of NEOВ’s doppledanger. Qu growing  louder as  it grows  dark, we  here the  rumble motorcycles.
49) 0) text: MORPHEUS and  NEO sit  together. The  cockpit lights  are only the EMP pulse button glows.  Outside the ship, in th of the underworld,  patches of eerie  phosphorescent moss walls. Occasionally, a squiddie will pass over the darken The two of them watch the deadly outside world.
49) 2) dialog: "I see that."
49) 5) dialog: "Yes."
49) 7) dialog: "Yes. IВ’ve heard things."
49) 9) dialog: "That there were others, like me, who you thought were go special. But they ended up dead." MORPHEUS nods slowly.
49) 12) dialog: "I donВ’t know yet. So much has happened so fast, that I whether or not IВ’m angry, or dissappointed, or even if I
49) 14) dialog: "What?"
49) 18) dialog: "Can we ask The Oracle."
49) 21) dialog: "But she must have known, if they came to her."
49) 23) dialog: "I canВ’t believe it. I donВ’t know, Morpheus, if IВ’m pr war. IВ’m not a soldier. How, how are we going to win?"
49) 26) dialog: "Yes."
50) 0) text: MORPHEUS, NEO, TRINITY, CHOI, and  NIOBE are on the chair being JACKED IN by CIRCA and RAZOR. CUT TO: RAZOR jumps in the  operatorВ’s chair, his hands touchscreens and keyboard as he drops his crewmates into
53) 4) dialog: "Where is the mainframe?"
53) 6) dialog: "What the fuck? ThatВ’s where I worked."
53) 9) dialog: "I thought I was working on a fucking database."
53) 11) dialog: "How В‘bout this? I just walk up to the Metacortex buildi up?" CHOI laughs.
53) 13) text: NEO nods. CHOIВ’S smile fades. He looks to the others.
54) 0) text: THE five  of them  exit. They  blend into  the crowds  on anonymous and  quiet. MORPHEUS  looks back  as NEO,  tall heads down the street. NIOBE pauses next to him.
54) 4) text: HE grins  and starts  to turn.  As he  does, his  profile profile on  a WANTED  poster stuck  to the  wall. ItВ’s picture of him, alongside photos of Neo, and Trinity. POSTER: INTERNATIONAL TERRORISTS
55) 0) text: NEO walks  calmly, observing  the people  that filter  by children, all oblivious to their true nature. A dirty homeless whino, nose  explosion red with burst bl is  staggering  along  the  edge of  the  crowd,  unseen Somehow, he catches NEOВ’s eye.
55) 2) text: NEO shakes his head, but still stares. ANGLE on  the HOMELESS.  He mutters  something, and  reac shopping cart to  open a garbage  bag. ItВ’s filled  with bills, thousands of them.
55) 3) dialog: "How В‘bout a quarter mil?"
60) 0) text: The METACORTEX building stands across  the street. NEO ha this road a thousand times, but in another lifetime. NEO raises one hand, palm pointed toward the building. CUT TO:  NEOВ’S  POV:  The  building  is  a  massive  tow shimmering energy, no more real than a three-dimensional
61) 0) text: MORPHEUS and NIOBE  stand atop a  building a few  blocks toward the Metacortex building. ANGLE on NEO
61) 1) text: HE FIXES his gaze on the building, then lowers his head a eyes. THE building tremors slightly, like  a heat mirage. Slowl moving downward. ANGLE ON: the first  level. The exterior glass  disappear in a million crystal shards that melt into the air, expos of office cubicles and corridors within. The walls, desks and cubicles vaporize, leaving a few hun - office  workers, security,  maintenance men,  standing between them. The massive LOAD BEARING MEMBERS vaporize. CUT TO: the bottom of the building. One can look straight entire  building.  WE go  through  the empty  building, people, until we pass out the other side, and come to NEO HE looks up. The office  building is supported by nothing descends on the stunned people. They rush, screaming, som hysteria, before the ceiling can come down on them. The l just before  the ceiling  touches the  ground. The  secon away just like the first.
64) 0) text: AGENT SMITH and JONES stare  down into the plaza. The  bu slightly as it descends. FROM the three  streets that enter  the plaza, military in. Hundreds  of troops  discharge and  form a  L-shaped NEO. Tanks  rumble in,  and the  Apaches whirl  to a  hov civilians rush out of the kill zone. NEO stands calmly, continuing his work.
67) 6) text: A WALL of flame and fingers of tracers bursts from the sk The tracers grow into a cone of orange flame bearing down drop into bullet time. THE bullets sizzle  as tracers burn  off their backs.  Th him like  slugs. Thousands  of bullets  fired at  perpend close  in on  him. As  they draw  close to  one another perpendicular paths, they tinkle and chime and bounce. The bullets come to a stop, glowing as their tracers back burn.  The world  is in  stop motion  as the  bullets sto degrees, and  suddenly accelerate  back at  their origins fast they fly, until we drop back into REAL TIME. THE SKIRMISH line  of troops is  ripped apart by  a hail bullets. CU: MACHINE GUNNER. With an M-249 SAW, he blazes away at be shredded by his own bullets. A  private takes a shot a bullet slaps into his  shoulder. REALIZING whatВ’s happen his weapon. THE SOLDIERS are dropping like flies. The firing quickly NEO stands  alone in  the center,  unharmed. He  turns to lines.  THE  surviving soldiers  drop  their weapons,  an ensues. Only a few officers, NCOs, and soldiers too amaze running remain.
68) 0) text: NEO is targeted on an LCD screen.
69) 2) text: The missile flies  horizontally over the  plaza, then pit back down at NEO. He looks at it, and at the last second back up.
74) 0) text: WE drop into bullet time as a cone of fire - bigger than the shape of a  pine tree, blows out  of the barrel, push back. From the fire streaks a  HEAT round, white hot, lea like tracer as it bears down on NEO.
84) 0) text: THE mirrored glass of SmithВ’s office wavers, then explod SMITH jumps, and we pan down to follow his descent. He sm pavement on his feet in front of NEO.
85) 0) text: SMITH STANDS, facing NEO, about two fighting distances aw NEOВ’s  concentration is  broken. The  METACORTEX buildin shuddering halt.
85) 1) dialog: "YouВ’re back."
85) 3) dialog: "And you have a ponytail now."
85) 4) text: AS we concentrate  on NEO, and  he concentrates on  SMITH more black suits marching up behind him. NEO attacks SMITH. SMITH backs away slowly, blocking agai battle and taking hits. Meanwhile,  the MEN IN BLACK conv Just as NEO  lands a smashing  blow on SMITHВ’S  chin, th once shout:
87) 0) text: THE ASSAULT on NEO continues. He struggles, unable to con enough to find a way to fight back.
95) 0) text: NEO reaches back and puts his hands on either side of SMI heВ’s  being pummeled  from the  front, he  squeezes and screams are mixed with SMITHВ’S. The agentВ’s head deform a sickening  crack. Suddenly,  the body  reverts back  to original owner, a security guard, and the head simply EXP THE  hold broken,  NEO stumbles  back over  the body,  wi SMITHS in pursuit. He somersaults, comes up on his feet, the left, putting one Smith in front of the other two. He killing blows destroying SMITH, smashing through his bloc and NEO takes on the other two, giving a kick jump that k them away in one shot. As he comes  down, a wall  of SmithВ’s converges  from al stop, leaving a circle around him. WE PAN BACK to view a sea of black-suited SMITHS flooding
95) 3) dialog: "Well, is that right?"
95) 4) text: HE turns  to the  METACORTEX building.  ItВ’s repairing, girders and concrete skin. NEOВ’s face darkens.
95) 5) dialog: "No!"
95) 6) text: REALITY SHIMMERS as  his anger strikes  out at the  build floors burn, and then explode.  The explosion rips down t slowing, slowing, then stopping. THOUSANDS of SMITHS  are gazing up  at the building,  con combating NEOВ’s attack.
98) 0) text: THE building is frozen, mid-explosion.  TONS of pieces ha air, suspended only by frozen tendrils  of fire and arms debris. THE SMITHS attack NEO. They fight  in a massive melee, dy Meanwhile, the METACORTEX building pulls back together, t flame disappearing as time/space around it is reversed.
104) 0) text: HE exits into the street. The scene is one from HELL. UNDER the neon  sky, fires are  frozen and smoke  columns air, still, like massive tree trunks. The battle rages and surges,  a thousand SMITHS pouring o All around, nearly covering the ground, are corpses, dest abandoned  by the  agent. Men  and women,  of all  ages a smashed, decapitated and broken.
105) 0) text: NEO struggles to  fly, and as  he does, heВ’s  pulling a black suits, clinging like iron filings on a magnet.
107) 0) text: ITВ’S a sea of the dead. From its center, NEO emerges, so gagging and  gasping for  breath. He  stumbles over  them crazed, he glimpses the Metacortex building. ItВ’s in one unharmed. He falls against  a smashed corporate  art sculpture. He phone up from the ground and dials.
107) 1) dialog: "Morpheus, pick up."
107) 2) text: We hear nothing but static.  Disgusted, NEO throws the ph falls against the sculpture and looks up. Coming around t the building is a group of agents and soldiers. NEO  sinks down,  staring at  his hands.  He catches  his concentrates.  The  blood  disappears,  and he  dons  the anonymous soldier in black. His face, too, seems to chang HE stands and walks away. We only see his back.
113) 0) text: TRINITY and NIOBE  take one side  of the street,  running simultaneously. THEY reach  the buildings on  the side an STRAIGHT UP THE FAГ‡ADE OF THE BUILDING, as TRINITY jumps cover, cart wheeling through tracer fire and bullets. ON  THE  OTHER side  of  the street,  MORPHEUS  goes stra building  faГ§ade  and  starts  running  sideways,  compl gravity, firing downward at the soldiers.
121) 0) text: THE building is old, crumbling, and inside painted a horr no sane person could find attractive. The humble place is ORACLE. NEO exits an  elevator. Recomposed and  dressed normally, and down the hall, trying to remember which apartment she A tall black woman, one of the OracleВ’s priestesses, com stairwell and recognizes NEO.
121) 2) text: HE turns  and looks  at her.  She smiles,  but as  Neo lo flash of uncertainty, and maybe hate, flies across her fa smile returns.
121) 4) dialog: "I was on to you the whole time. I only came in here to i to destroy you."
121) 6) dialog: "I realized, that I canВ’t destroy you - " HE nods at SMITH
121) 7) dialog: " - without destroying the Matrix itself."
121) 11) dialog: "I know."
121) 14) dialog: "The Matrix?"
121) 16) dialog: "I can. But if I destroy the Matrix, everyone within it w SMITH snorts.
121) 18) dialog: "How many people are in it?"
121) 21) text: FOR NEO, the numbers are too huge to imagine. BROWN scoffs.
121) 23) text: ITВ’S a serious question for Neo. But he nods. He knows h
121) 24) dialog: "I could."
121) 27) dialog: "IF you cut the power that the Matrix supplies to your ar let you live."
121) 29) dialog: "Why?"
121) 31) dialog: "You mean, lives."
121) 34) dialog: "WeВ’ll see."
121) 35) text: THE three agents, helpless to stop him, watch as he walks of the apartment. NEO opens it,  and stops, his face meet FIST. His vision  FLASHES with the  impact, and he  stagg the room, falling on his ass and rolling back onto his fe GREGOR steps into the room, tall and BAD. NEO holds up a hand.
121) 36) dialog: "Stop! I donВ’t want to fight you! YouВ’re human!" GREGORY  doesnВ’t  answer.  He  smashes  a  side-kick  in doubling him over. THE kick carries  such an impact  that a pale  concussion past Gregor. It sends NEO crashing out the window. GREGORY stands upright and moves to the window, followed agents. ThereВ’s nothing on the street, twenty stories be The building  starts trembling.  We hear  rapid-fire impa louder and coming faster. THE FLOOR EXPLODES  as NEO crashes  up through the  concr the agents away as  he embraces GREGORY in  a bear hug. T through the ceiling. WE follow them up through three more bam, bam. Each concrete floor smashes GREGORY in the head
122) 0) text: NEO and GREGORY SMASH through the roof, flying upward, li past us.
123) 4) text: FOR some  reason, he  starts to  fall. Even  as he  claws altitude, his  rational mind  has caught  up with  him an denying the fact that he can fly. As heВ’s  facing the  ground, NEO  slams into  him from a Gregor by the neck and his  belt, he drives straight down rushes, it takes  one second to  drop past a  50-story sk slams  Gregor,  front first,  into  the concrete  sidewal through the sidewalk, into the sewer below.
124) 0) text: NEO stands. Offscreen,  we can here  choking breaths. Neo Gregor lies twisted on a concrete slab, impaled multiple the chest by snapped, rusty rebar.  He takes one last bre eyes half-close. NEO checks the pulse. Finding nothing, he leaps out of th
146) 0) text: MORPHEUS disappears for a second, then reappears. Now he clean, and immaculately dressed. He replaces his sunglass through  the remains  of the  booth, walking  toward the produces new weapons, heavy with ammo, from his long coat RAZOR keeps  swinging at  SMITH -  and missing.  Seeing h runs back for the ringing  phone. SMITH pursues, almost o the neo-samurai jumps in the  air and pirouhettes, swingi after another, like a helicopter blade from Hell. IN the liquid  world of slo-mo,  the short sword  cuts th outstretched fingers, sending them  flying. The long swor forearm, cutting through the fabric  and taking off a sli The tip of  the sword slices  through his suit,  cutting digging about an inch into his torso. SMITH collapses into the dust, his  face a mask of blood doesnВ’t try to get up. RAZOR passes MORPHEUS, who backs up to the ringing phone goes  through first.  MORPHEUS keeps  his eyes  and weapo SMITH, who  makes no  attempt to  pursue. He  stands calm dignified manner, wipes dust off  his clothing as he watc step into the booth, and replace the phone. It rings. One hand on the receiver, Morpheus stares back SMITH stands there, not attempting to pursue. Morpheus pa advantage of the chance to observe his deadly enemy. SMITH stares at the booth for a second. Emotion twists hi anger,  then  perhaps  sadness.  HeВ’s lost.  HeВ’ll  be forever. With a quicksilver flash,  his body reverts back  to the rookie cop. THE young  man is  left standing  there. He  is filthy, sliced up, and the fingers of one hand are missing. He lo the carnage  as his  mouth simply  opens and  closes, ref shock. He focuses on Morpheus. The rebel answers the phone and disappears, leaving the c broken and his mind blown.
147) 4) text: MORPHEUS appears enraged. He looks at Neo, supine on his
149) 0) text: NEO sits with his back against a blackened brick wall, st HeВ’s  in the  belfry of  an ancient,  destroyed cathedra pigeon nests, soot, and bird crap. FROM here, in  downtown, we can  see the modern,  uptown its  gleaming  skyscrapers. METACORTEX  still  stands, il searchlights. NEO sits and broods. Isolated, his world turned upside do side out in less than a week, his mind and spirit are a b Again, he tries his cell phone.  Static. He collapses it Just as it leaves his mind, it rings. The face flips open NEO puts it to his ear without speaking.
149) 2) text: NEOВ’S grim expression is melted by relief.
149) 3) dialog: "Morpheus! Holy shit! You wonВ’t believe what happened."
149) 5) dialog: "I couldnВ’t do it. Morpheus, thereВ’s a problem."
150) 0) text: MORPHEUS has the headset on. He stands and surveys NEO.
151) 0) text: NEOВ’S relief fades into confusion.
151) 1) dialog: "I know. IВ’m sorry."
151) 3) dialog: "Uh, itВ’s impossible. If the Matrix is destroyed, the pe the system will die. They will all die. There has to be a way." MORPHEUS doesnВ’t respond.
151) 4) dialog: "Morpheus? Did you know this?"
151) 5) text: We  hear  nothing. NEO  can  hear his  own  heart beating confusion add to the already heavy mental burden he carri
151) 7) dialog: "No."
153) 0) text: NEO canВ’t stand the reality of the situation. HeВ’s comi
153) 1) dialog: "No, Morpheus, this canВ’t be! We canВ’t do this! We have people out."
153) 4) dialog: "Why me? Why the fuck do I have to do this?" MORPHEUS is silent for a long while.
155) 0) text: Neo hears the line click dead. He canВ’t believe what has
156) 2) text: Trinity stares at Neo for a moment, her face fighting for one looks at her. She walks away, then leans against the body shaking.
157) 0) text: Neo closes the cell  phone. He reaches to  tuck it away, looking at it. He drops it to the ground and walks on. He stands out on   a finger of crumbling   church, the ni around him.  The  city  lights are   alive below.  He  fo Metacortex building. Leaving  him there, we  rush to it into the dark  shadows  of the  very building,  going  mi close, until the  darkness gives way  to the glowing  gre quantum  code.  It  fills  the  screen  before  we  bust darkness again. TO BE CONTINUED...