0) 0) text: The NEB is slung between the two HOVERCRAFT, with the coc backwards.  TRINITY,  MORPHEUS,  TANK,  and  NEO,  the  f Anderson, crowd the cockpit. Helpless, the landscape spee them, while a wall of red-eyed SQUIDDIES speeds to them. It's been a mere TWO DAYS  since the realization of NEOВ’ the defeat of AGENT SMITH. The slipstream whistles violen interior  of the  ship, and  the crew  is cold,  tired, h stressed beyond  belief as  they can  only watch  the act knocked-out ship. MORPHEUS is on a headset.
8) 2) dialog: "Well, not yet, but we're in the defense screen."
8) 9) dialog: "I'll have to take that one down now. Cypher..."
8) 11) dialog: "Who?" NEO points to the mystery man.
8) 12) dialog: "That was... I... forgot his name."
8) 14) text: NEO returns to the bed and sits down, disturbed. Trinity awakening.
8) 16) dialog: "Not you, though. Like you. There have been others, Neo." "Aren't you tired?"
8) 18) dialog: "I know. I used to watch you hacking without sleeping for He turns to her, questions in his eyes.
8) 20) dialog: "That's not the point." NEO may not think so.
8) 21) dialog: "You are him. YouВ’re mine."
8) 23) dialog: "I don't know, Neo. Our mission was to find you."
8) 25) dialog: "Now, Zion will give us a new mission." The hatch swings open. MORPHEUS peers in.
8) 28) dialog: "Not on his ship."
11) 7) dialog: "With difficulty."
11) 13) dialog: "Make it eight."
11) 14) text: The waitress smirks and leaves. TRINITY turns to CHOI.
11) 15) dialog: "Any casualties?" CHOI lights up and takes a drag.
11) 27) dialog: "YouВ’ve never drank before."
13) 9) dialog: "HowВ’s Tank?"
13) 12) dialog: "Let me guess. WeВ’ve been ordered back out anyway."
13) 20) dialog: "HeВ’s got a point, M. I have faith, but why so quick?"
16) 0) text: The shipВ’s OPERATOR, a lean Asian  kid with a gaze like sits behind  NEO, whoВ’s  sitting at  the operatorВ’s  co hands on the abbreviated keyboard. Trinity sits with them as she observes. NEO  stares  at  the  screen. ItВ’s  a  huge  syllabus  o characters. He struggles to learn the complex code.
16) 4) dialog: "Your brain knows what to do. But it has to associate cha your body."
16) 15) dialog: "ThatВ’s how they have the operating power to create enti within their PCs."
16) 23) dialog: "Almost. Reality is unalterable. But the fabric of realit Matrix can be rewoven. Some can reach beyond normal cause affects on the Matrix are deeper than average. They have change it according to their needs. But they donВ’t have ThatВ’s why we need operators like Razor here. But you, y than any of us can."
16) 31) dialog: "Not just you. Morpheus, myself. We were all born inside.
16) 33) dialog: "For the past 50 years or so, something has been happenin in the Matrix. TheyВ’ve been mutating, changing in ways t never predicted. Some seem to gain faster reflexes and st Others seem to have psychic powers." RAZOR looks up to see MORPHEUS,  hanging back as he liste forward.
16) 38) dialog: "Morpheus, can you tell us what the mission is now?"
16) 42) text: TRINITY grins slightly and pulls on his arm. There is onl for one on the end of the rock, so he sits down behind he
16) 43) dialog: "DonВ’t lose your balance."
16) 45) dialog: "So, you can fly."
16) 47) dialog: "Do you think I can?"
16) 49) dialog: "Like you?"
16) 51) dialog: "Will you teach me to fly?"
16) 53) dialog: "Free your mind of doubt."
16) 54) text: NEO stands, and steps in front of TRINITY. HeВ’s on the v of the rock.  He extends his  hand down to  her. She grab hauls her up. Her eyes dart to the ground, thousands of f finger.
16) 55) dialog: "In this construct program, the ground can kill."
16) 60) dialog: "Shit."
16) 63) text: HE  dives down,  shooting like  a missile.  TRINITY is  c backwards, watching NEO  come for her.  The rocky ground her. She makes no effort to reach for NEO as he draws clo reaches for her with all his might.
16) 65) text: TRINITY makes no effort to save herself, even as collisio away. She stares at him intently.
16) 69) text: TRINITY smiles slightly. Her madness has a purpose.
16) 70) dialog: "Showing you, Neo."
16) 72) dialog: "I want you to know how much faith I have in you."
16) 75) text: TRINITY steps away. NEO grabs her shoulder and turns her attempts a
16) 78) text: TRINITY looks at him, then up at the sky.
16) 79) dialog: "ItВ’s not you. Just, not here."
16) 80) text: NEO doesnВ’t understand. TRINITY rolls her eyes.
16) 81) dialog: "TheyВ’re watching us, you big dope. Do you know how horn geeks get?"
17) 0) text: CHOI,  RAZOR,  DUJOUR, and  CIRCA  are sitting  around  t console, feet up, eating. On the screens are patchy image and NEO standing together in  the GLADE. ItВ’s like theyВ soap opera. TRINITY and NEO are looking in their direction. ON THE interface chairs, the bodies of TRINITY and NEO la
18) 0) text: TRINITY grabs NEO by the arm.
18) 1) dialog: "Over here." SHE leads him into the shadows.
20) 0) text: IN the blue twilight shade, NEO and TRINITY kiss tentativ then quicker as  they give in  to their feelings  for one move around them slowly, then pan into the shadows, a nat
50) 0) text: MORPHEUS, NEO, TRINITY, CHOI, and  NIOBE are on the chair being JACKED IN by CIRCA and RAZOR. CUT TO: RAZOR jumps in the  operatorВ’s chair, his hands touchscreens and keyboard as he drops his crewmates into
53) 8) dialog: "ItВ’s true, Neo. Metacortex employs humans to write code Matrix."
54) 4) text: HE grins  and starts  to turn.  As he  does, his  profile profile on  a WANTED  poster stuck  to the  wall. ItВ’s picture of him, alongside photos of Neo, and Trinity. POSTER: INTERNATIONAL TERRORISTS
63) 0) text: CHOI and  TRINITY look  up in  the air  at the  roof of t building, standing beyond  a block of  buildings. It sink ground as a flood of people come screaming around the cor
63) 2) dialog: "ItВ’s not over yet." MANВ’S VOICE (O.S.) "Not by a long shot."
63) 3) text: CU: TRINITYВ’S FACE. SOMEONE plants the barrel of a silve .45 against her temple. TRINITY  whips her head backward We drop into BULLET TIME as the flame and concussion blos of her face, ripping her sunglasses off as she drops back a pair of MAC-10 Uzis from under her jacket. THE MANВ’S VOICE belongs to AGENT BROWN CHOI turns,  pulling a  short weapon  from under  his coa with a short barrel the size of a soda can. He plants it of BROWNВ’S back and pulls the trigger. A CONE  OF FIRE  burns straight  through brown,  blowing smoke, vertebrae, and viscera out a massive hole in his s CU on the weapon. It recoils on tension coils, dischargin size of a 12-ounce soda can.
63) 6) dialog: "WeВ’ve stirred up the hornetВ’s nest now."
102) 0) text: CHOI and TRINITY hide  in the shadows of  an empty room, battle. TRINITYВ’S cell rings. She answers silently.
102) 2) dialog: "What about Neo?"
106) 0) text: THE sky and Matrix are still  frozen. TRINITY and CHOI ma along cautiously, leapfrogging from cover to cover. They a dumpster, and  just before looking  out, thereВ’s the tapping metal, twice. TRINITY looks in  the direction of  the sound. MORPHEUS standing still in the shadows, near the end of the alley. CHOI make their way to them. TRINITY peeks  cautiously around  the edge.  On the  othe street is a phone booth.
106) 1) dialog: "Is it clear?"
109) 0) text: TRINITY is looking around the corner. She pulls back into
109) 1) dialog: "Casanova just ran into an old flame."
112) 2) text: MORPHEUS, NIOBE, and TRINITY rush to him, picking him up CHOI is  screaming and  laughing. Someone  grabs his  smo dragging it along. CHOI stares at the ex-flame as they ca His eyes are crazy.
112) 8) dialog: "Tanks."
113) 0) text: TRINITY and NIOBE  take one side  of the street,  running simultaneously. THEY reach  the buildings on  the side an STRAIGHT UP THE FAГ‡ADE OF THE BUILDING, as TRINITY jumps cover, cart wheeling through tracer fire and bullets. ON  THE  OTHER side  of  the street,  MORPHEUS  goes stra building  faГ§ade  and  starts  running  sideways,  compl gravity, firing downward at the soldiers.
114) 3) text: THEY dive behind a corner as  a tank fires. Morpheus thro forward as the tank round hits  the edge of the building, concrete and brick wall into a massive cloud of powder. P of rubble falls on MorpheusВ’ legs. He drags himself forw Trinity grab his arms and haul him out of the rubble. Nio lock off a steel door, and they pile into the building.
116) 0) text: THE street scene spins before them. TRINITY is at the whe and dusty MORPHEUS sitting next to  her. The tach is redl car rips up the street. Pedestrians dive for cover. TRINITY holds her wounded hand to her chest and drives on "Shift."
118) 2) dialog: "Any luck?"
118) 4) dialog: "Then the agents are out of touch with each other."
118) 6) dialog: "What about Niobe?"
133) 0) text: THE Countach skids  to a stop,  kicking up a  massive dus hides the  car. We  hear the  door slide,  and the  massi figure of MORPHEUS emerges from the dust. An Uzi in each hand, pointed at US. THE COP behind the wheel is too slow to draw, call for ba duck for cover. The safety glass is destroyed as gunfire it, chewing the cop to pieces. His body thrashes in the s MORPHEUS turns away. NIOBE pulls up on her bike and gets obviously the ride had been  a long one. Trinity joins  t stops.
136) 2) dialog: "Bullshit, itВ’s my turn."
136) 4) text: TRINITY enters the booth as the phone starts ringing. ItВ’s the moment Smith was waiting for. HE BURSTS  out of  the door,  gun firing  at the  booth. shatters, and blood sprays as  Trinity is riddled with bu doesnВ’t stop. He sprays for an eternity, even firing as phone still ringing. Her body slumps, smearing blood agai door as it shuts from her weight.
137) 0) text: TRINITYВ’S body spasms violently against her harness as h go berserk.  SheВ’s not  dead, but  death is  only second screams, but Razor is locked, staring at the screen with from which he derived his name.
138) 2) text: NIOBE dives for  the shattered booth,  kicking away the and  answering  the  ringing  phone.  She  pulls  it  dow TrinityВ’s destroyed body up, placing the phone to her ea TRINITYВ’S head merely sags lifelessly to one side.
139) 0) text: CIRCA stands over  Trinity as the  rebels blue eyes  flut whole body goes into a seizure and she chokes and screams Circa.
141) 2) text: CIRCA has  removed TrinityВ’s  interface, but  sheВ’s hav Circa can barely hold her down as she uses her teeth to r off a wicked hypo.
147) 7) text: TRINITY is sitting on the edge of her interface chair, lo hell.
147) 8) dialog: "Is he even alive? Is he captured?"
156) 2) text: Trinity stares at Neo for a moment, her face fighting for one looks at her. She walks away, then leans against the body shaking.