25) 20) text: This stumpy one 'ere's David o' Doncaster. We calls 'im Bull. ROBIN
25) 21) text: How do you come by the name, Bull? BULL
25) 24) dialog: Nay.   'Cuz I be so long. Proudly, he starts to pull down his pants.
35) 11) text: Thank the Lord you are not endowed like Bull. The crowd is convulsed with laughter. Robin catches his breath. Does not see Will, who grabs a heavy staff and runs at him. A strong hand grasps Will's arm as he is about to strike. LITTLE JOHN
36) 8) dialog: 'ow many?
37) 15) dialog: Aye, tax him. This sparks a chorus of comments. ROBIN
38) 2) text: Thankee, Robin. Little John and Bull approach. John indicates the two prisoners roped to a nearby tree. LITTLE JOHN
38) 3) text: Cain't get a bleedin' squeak outa 'em, Rob. BULL
39) 3) text: Gonna laugh my bloody balls off. BULL
39) 9) text: Aye, the Romans built a bleedin' great wall to keep 'em out. BULL
41) 0) text: A small procession. Tuck drives his cart, Bull the tax wagon. Both vehicles laden with supplies. Wulf and Hal pass out flour, chickens, blankets, clothing to the villagers. Their weapons are prominently displayed. Tuck swigs from a jar, passes it to an old villager. FRIAR
42) 0) text: Water, sparkling with sunlight. Bursts, as Robin dives in naked. He luxuriates in the cool water... HOOFBEATS. He attempts to hide... too late. Four horses emerge from the trees. Bull and Hal, with Marian and her servant Sarah sandwiched between them. Bull has a black eye. Marian jumps down. MARIAN
42) 12) text: How dare you expose yourself to me?! She slugs him. Robin stumbles backwards into the water. Bull grins, gesturing to Sarah and pointing to his own black eye. BULL
43) 0) text: An arrow flies into a bull's-eye, crudely marked on a tree. Little John lowers his crossbow, delighted at his shot. LITTLE JOHN
43) 3) text: This better be damned important. Robin leads her into a hut. Inside is a trove of cap- tured loot -- purses, jewelry, weaponry, fancy coats and... the treasure chest. At Robin's nod, Bull throws back the lid. Marian is speechless. ROBIN
55) 0) text: Bull and Hal are crouched in the roadway, over a body. Robin runs up with Aslan. He kneels beside them. The body is Duncan. Robin clasps a dead hand... Silence. Fighting his emotions. BULL
55) 2) text: Are you sure it was a Druid mask? (as Bull nods) Damn them to hell! They must have Marian. Do you know where they meet?
57) 14) text: She is with friends. (cackles) Your resistence is strong, but useless. Sign this. (as quill is forced into his hand) You are a Druid like your father. You consort with the devil. Your confession will be witnessed by the Bishop of Hereford. A guard forces Robin's hand across the page... then cries out, clutching his back... An arrow lodged be- tween his shoulders. In the cave mouth are Wulf, bow in hand, Bull kneeling beside Sarah's corpse, and Aslan. MORTIANNA
57) 20) text: (groggy) Marian? Aslan runs to the back of the cave, searching. Wulf is crouched beside Bull, who murmurs his dying words. BULL
59) 0) text: Distant THUNDER. Three horses. First Wulf's, leading another with the bodies of Bull and Sarah draped across its back. Aslan rides the third, with Robin propped up in front of him. ROBIN
66) 0) text: A shovel breaks dirt. Beyond exhaustion, Robin digs a grave. The clearing is transformed into a cemetery. Tuck blesses the bodies of Bull and Sarah. Aslan drags a Celt's corpse into a grave. Throws the man's armor and weapons into a growing pile.
100) 5) text: Is there one man or woman here who does not hate him? Who has not suffered at his hand? (to the chef) Turn that on the Sheriff and his bullies. A deadly pause. A woman cook dumps the giant wedding cake right over the chef. Suddenly it's havoc. Flying food and cutlery.