7) 3) dialog: You must wait... I am sorry you were disturbed, Master.
8) 0) text: Steam pours from the nostrils of a black charger. Lord Locksley mounts, in armor. Duncan attempts to detain him.
8) 1) dialog: You cannot go alone, Master.      Let me ride for help.
8) 3) dialog: Master, stay!    There is an evil moon tonight.
13) 9) dialog: Master Robin, is it you? A miracle. I thought God had abandoned us.
13) 13) dialog: They say they captured him worshipping with the Druids. He signed a confession before the Bishop of Hereford.
13) 15) dialog: Just one. Kenneth of Cowfall. The Bishop decreed all the Locksley lands forfeit.
13) 17) dialog: Not even when they took my eyes.
13) 19) dialog: Guy of Gisborne. With the sheriff looking on. Robin holds the old retainer to his chest.    Stares into the night in silent rage.
17) 0) text: Red shards of sunlight slice through mist-shrouded trees. Robin hammers a crude cross over a hillside grave. Heads bowed, Duncan and Aslan stand at his side.
17) 2) dialog: He loved you till the end, young master. He never gave up hope of your return.
17) 4) dialog: You must leave, head north to safety. Gisborne will surely seek revenge.
17) 9) dialog: I know what you're thinking. But one man can achieve nothing against so many. You would need an army.
17) 14) dialog: He still stands vigil?
17) 16) dialog: A curse on the Saracens! Were it not for their ungodly ways, he would never have left. This would never have happened.
17) 18) dialog: I do not recognize the style of your voice, friend. Are you Irish? A Cornishman?
17) 20) dialog: What manner of name is Aslan then?
17) 25) dialog: Lord, no! He chokes in shock.   Spitting bread.
23) 0) text: Water erupts under hooves. Aslan fords a stream. Duncan hangs on for dear life. Robin strives to keep up. Half a mile behind Gisborne splits up his men. Trying for a short cut, Robin finds himself at the steepest part of the river gorge. His horse balks at the drop. Robin flails at his mount with hands and feet. It backs away.
23) 36) text: We can lose them in the forest. DUNCAN
23) 41) text: It's not the men we fear, sir. Eerie HOWLING and RATTLING of bones.    Aslan draws his sword. DUNCAN
23) 47) text: Allah protect us from the evil spirits. Duncan clings to his back.   Robin points.
23) 51) text: Here are your ghosts, Duncan. A child's toy put to good use. You scare easily, my painted Saladin. His laughter is broken by a piercing YELL. A red- jacketed figure swings down out of a tree on a rope. Catapults him to the ground. The bushes are instantly alive. Shaggy, wild-eyed men, armed with cudgels, scythes and hayforks. Twelfth- century Hell's Angels. The red-jacketed young turk, WILL SCARLET, leaps around Robin. WILL SCARLET
23) 91) text: You seemed more in danger of losing your pride than your life. DUNCAN
23) 101) text: Allah has taken your brains. DUNCAN
23) 103) text: You, too? You expect me to fight that behemoth? DUNCAN
24) 10) text: Alright, m'old cock. You wanna nuther good wallopin'? His confidence melting, Robin glances back at Duncan and Aslan, who grins like a fan at a boxing match. John storms at Robin. Staffs thrash. Driven back, Robin connects a blow on John's foot. The giant is off-balance. Robin follows up. Lands a couple to the ribs. John responds with heavy swings, which Robin blocks deftly. Back and forth, blow for blow, all blocked. John chuckles with every swing. Enjoying the time of his life. Their staffs lock. It's strength against strength. Robin is no match. With one mighty thrust, John hurtles him into the stream. The woodsmen cheer loudly. Aslan watches impassively. Robin scrambles back onto the bridge.   John waits, grinning. JOHN LITTLE
26) 7) text: Too much mead, old friend.    What day is it? DUNCAN
26) 9) text: Good. Do they still give alms to the poor at the mass? DUNCAN
27) 0) text: Duncan walks alone, with the aid of his staff. Body stooped, clothes ragged, a pathetic figure. Ahead is the main gate to the walled city of Nottingham. Fresh horse manure. A man's hand reaches into it and spreads it over his clothes. And his face -- Robin, dressed as Duncan.
35) 0) text: Hands tighten a girth. Will confidently jokes with his cronies. Woodsmen form a primitive circle of spectators. Little John and his wife, Fanny, keep to themselves, while Wulf openly talks with Robin, Aslan and Duncan. Robin is stripped to the waist, his muscled skin ravaged with scars. ASLAN
35) 1) text: This man has true purpose.    He means to kill you. DUNCAN
43) 22) text: (to Marian) I am sending Duncan with you. Give him some warm food and a real bed. I grow tired of his bellyaching. DUNCAN
43) 25) text: Duncan, you are most welcome. Taking the lead rein from Duncan's horse, she rides away. ROBIN
50) 8) text: You owe me favors, wench. Bare your breasts... or I will do it for you. Resignedly, she raises a hand to loosen the string on her dress. With the other hand she reaches behind her, grabs a pepper bowl. Flips the contents into his face. Screaming, he grabs his  face. She reaches for her dagger. He slashes with   his sword. She backs to the fireplace, grabs a spit  of roasted chickens... drives the point clean through  his chest. He stares in shock at his own blood pouring from the cooked fowls pinned to his breast... FOOTSTEPS... masked soldiers converge from both sides of the house, dragging the servants. Duncan  is shoved through the door. DUNCAN
55) 0) text: Bull and Hal are crouched in the roadway, over a body. Robin runs up with Aslan. He kneels beside them. The body is Duncan. Robin clasps a dead hand... Silence. Fighting his emotions. BULL