11) 0) text: CRASH! An armored foot splinters the door of a farmer's hovel. Children scream and run. A soldier clubs at them, laughing. Outside. More soldiers. Some on horses, others on foot, with leashed hounds. Pillaging. Vandalizing. Searching. GUY GISBORNE: An impressive figure on horseback. Strikingly handsome -- except that one of his ears is missing. We recognize his face from the Druid ceremony. He coldly addresses a pregnant woman with a child in her arms, FANNY.
11) 2) dialog: You starve us. First the drought, now you take what food we have left.
11) 6) dialog: He died last winter.
11) 8) dialog: Norman swine! A BOY of 12 springs from nowhere, thrusting a hay fork at Gisborne's throat.
11) 12) dialog: No, Wulf! Don't! 'Twill only make it worse. Wulf backs off.   Nostrils flaring with repressed hate.
11) 16) dialog: I killed it.   We needed the meat.
11) 19) dialog: No, Wulf! Gisborne drags the boy to the carcass.
35) 0) text: Hands tighten a girth. Will confidently jokes with his cronies. Woodsmen form a primitive circle of spectators. Little John and his wife, Fanny, keep to themselves, while Wulf openly talks with Robin, Aslan and Duncan. Robin is stripped to the waist, his muscled skin ravaged with scars. ASLAN
47) 0) text: Fanny Little writhes in agony.    John rushes in.   Tuck looks up from Fanny's side. FRIAR
47) 1) text: The child comes early. Fanny screams.   John kneels beside her, taking her head.
47) 5) text: I am doing all I can. Aslan appears in the doorway, with Robin. Whips back the blanket. Fanny's chest is covered with black squirming creatures. ASLAN
47) 18) text: If you do not listen to me, she will certainly die. And the child, too. Fanny cries out.   John looks to Robin, pleading for advice. ROBIN
68) 0) text: A winter's night. Bitterly    cold.  Sad figures huddled around a small fire. Fanny    tends to John's wounds, the little ones asleep by their   feet.  John drinks and pass the jug to Tuck, who numbly   shakes his head. Too depressed even to drink. Aslan folds his prayer rug and walks over to Robin, who sits alone, staring vacantly into the darkness. ROBIN
68) 28) text: I'll wring yer scrawny neck, Will Scarlet. I'd be doin' yer a bloody favor an' all. Quickly, others arrive. Aslan, Tuck, Hal, Fanny, with kids clinging to her skirts. FANNY
68) 44) text: I bring a message from Nottingham. Our men are to be hung in the square on Saturday. At high noon. FANNY
69) 0) text: Ten gallows, silhouetted against the setting sun. The black-armored Celt tests a gallows, springing the hatch. A heavy sack dangles from the rope. Grim-faced peasants watch. Among  them -- Fanny Little.
71) 12) dialog: Seven! She strides towards them from the trees. LITTLE JOHN
71) 13) text: What in blazes ya doin', woman? Where's the little 'uns? FANNY
71) 21) text: Fanny, show me the exact location of the scaffold. Little John double-takes.
76) 0) text: Wulf blinks at the sunlight as the prisoners are led out. Holds his head high. Soldiers hurl abuse, the people are too cowed to show support. Fanny glances at her son, crosses herself and scurries into the castle, unnoticed. On horseback, encircled by guards, the Sheriff and his baron cronies watch the outlaws progress with cruel amusement. A  yell attracts Nottingham. Will is being shoved back by guards. WILL SCARLET
80) 0) text: Fanny lowers a knotted rope over the battlement. Far below, John clings to the outer wall. Above him it's sheer, without footholds. The rope doesn't reach his fingertips. He stretches, loses balance. Falls... desperately grabbing at the rope. He swings, clinging by one arm, his body smashing into the wall.
82) 0) text: John strains, heaving his giant frame up the rope. He nears the top, just as a SENTRY approaches. Fanny blocks the man's view. SENTRY
82) 1) text: What is your business, woman? FANNY
82) 2) text: Ain't doin' no 'arm, m'dear. Likes a good 'angin', I do. Luvly view up 'ere, ain't it? She gestures below. The Sentry looks, then turns back to her... notices the rope. With all her might, Fanny rams his head into the stone battlement. Twice. Three times. He slumps unconscious.
84) 0) text: John struggles over the battlement.   Collapses. FANNY
84) 1) text: 'Bout time, ya gurt lug. She wrenches the longbow from his back, fumbles for an arrow. FANNY
85) 0) text: The scaffold is impregnable. Celts and their Chieftain guard the platform itself. The Sherriff's men surround the base. The executioner encircles Wulf's neck with the noose. SPARKS! Tuck ignites a fuse-cord leading to one of the barrels. A hand tightens the noose... Another grasps an arrow. The executioner's eyes glint through the slits. Nottingham intently watches Wulf. The Chieftain stands, impassive. Fingers close on a bowstring... the fuse-cord burns. Wulf steps to the trap, ready to plunge.   His eyes close An arrow flies... slices through the executioner's eye slit. The executioner falls. Little John celebrates... but the Chieftain leaps forward... releases the trap. Wulf's body plunges.   The rope snaps tight. Little John yells.   Fanny screams. A figure leaps onto the platform... the wounded soldier throws aside his crutch... Robin! Wulf dangles, strangling.   His hands wrench at the choking cord.
92) 0) text: Fanny is chased into the kitchens by a vengeful soldier. He grabs her and pushes her into the open cooking fire. Desperate, she grabs a poker and smashes him over the head. The servants stare in shock... A chef comes at Fanny with a knife.
100) 0) text: The chef raises his knife.    Fanny appeals to the whole room. FANNY
101) 0) text: A full-scale riot. The populace has turned. Into the fray comes Fanny Little, leading a rabble of servants and kitchen staff, fighting with pots, pans, brooms, knives, hooks, and bedpans.
106) 3) text: I think she's feeling better. Marian looks about her... the chaotic aftermath of battle. Reality gradually sinks in. She folds against Robin's chest. Little John arrives, his huge arms enfolding Wulf and Fanny. LITTLE JOHN
106) 5) dialog: Are you 'urt?