37) 6) text: This treasure had a purpose.     We must find out what. He turns at the sound of a brawl from the Friar's cart. The Friar is at the bottom of a struggling heap of bodies
37) 12) text: It appears to me, Reverend Friar, that many of the libations have found their way into your own esteemed person. Ignoring him, the Friar mounts the cart. FRIAR
37) 16) text: My men are thirsty and have much to celebrate. FRIAR
37) 18) text: Surely the Lord has the charity to spare a few barrels to good Christian men. The Friar relents, loosening his grip on the reins. FRIAR
37) 23) text: ... you must best me for it. Robin staggers. The Friar whips up the horse. Dazed, Robin grabs for the fat man's leg. Gets a holy sandal full in the face.
37) 24) dialog: Giddyup, nag! The Friar's horse, as obese as his driver, slowly raises his head from the grass and ambles forward. Robin runs after them and dives at the Friar, toppling him from the cart. ROBIN
37) 25) text: You leave when I say. Scrambling to his feet, the Friar glances skyward. FRIAR
37) 27) dialog: Yield! He bounces on Robin's stomach. Robin can barely breathe. The woodsmen are enjoying the spectacle. FRIAR
37) 28) text: Confess that Friar Tuck is a better, holier, and braver man than thou art, knave.
37) 30) dialog: Yield, I say!    Yield to Friar Tuck. Desperate, Robin bites the Friar's leg. Tuck howls. Robin extricates himself, grabs for a weapon. Smashes the Friar's head with his drinking jug. ROBIN
37) 31) text: Yield yourself! He dives onto the Friar and hammers his head into the ground.
37) 35) text: Yield to Robin Hood. Tuck holds up a hand in surrender.    Robin eases off. FRIAR
37) 37) text: Well, Friar Tuck. We have need of an honest man of God, to minister to these men and their families. What do you say? The Friar struggles to his feet. He reviews the motley faces of his potential flock. His eyes light on the grinning Saracen. FRIAR
37) 41) text: Giddyup, Friar. He flicks the reins, steering the cart into camp. Women and children rush to greet their men. Jeer the roped soldier-prisoners. The Friar checks out his flock. A woman curtsies, another crosses herself, children touch his robe in wonder. ROBIN
37) 42) text: What do you say now, Tuck?    Here are the meek of the earth. Tuck surveys the hopeful, hungry faces. The little hamlet of half-built huts. He folds his hands in a moment of prayer. FRIAR
37) 47) text: You will not regret it. FRIAR
41) 0) text: A small procession. Tuck drives his cart, Bull the tax wagon. Both vehicles laden with supplies. Wulf and Hal pass out flour, chickens, blankets, clothing to the villagers. Their weapons are prominently displayed. Tuck swigs from a jar, passes it to an old villager. FRIAR
41) 2) text: An' Go' bless Robin 'Ood, friar. They says as 'ow none o' the Sheriff's cronies dare go within miles o' Sherwood for fear o' havin' their pockets pinched. FRIAR
47) 0) text: Fanny Little writhes in agony.    John rushes in.   Tuck looks up from Fanny's side. FRIAR
47) 4) text: (angrily, to Tuck) Ya're sittin' thar like a fat sow. Help her, man, help her! FRIAR
47) 6) text: By Allah, leeches! He starts to pull the parasites off.    Tuck jumps at him FRIAR
47) 8) text: Blood is like air. If she loses blood, she and the child will die. John is paralyzed with confusion.    Tuck appeals to Robi FRIAR
47) 14) text: (soothing) Your baby has not turned. It cannot be born without help. FRIAR
47) 16) text: (to John) If you will allow me, I can help her. It will not be without danger. FRIAR
47) 19) text: The good Friar has done all he can. I suggest you let the Arab try. (as John is undecided) If I am wrong, and they die, then you may take my life. John's eyes meet his wife's.   She nods.
47) 35) dialog: I tell you, the barbarian is killing her. John moves to the hut.     Wulf restrains him.
47) 46) text: This day God has taught me a fine lesson. He hands Aslan the knife and extends his bloodied wrist. FRIAR
47) 47) text: I would be honored. Aslan slices his own wrist. The two wrists clasp together in the universal sign of brotherhood. Everyone cheers. FRIAR
47) 53) text: Alas, I am not permitted... FRIAR
52) 0) text: The campfire. Aslan shrieks a war cry.   Dervishes 'round the fire, swigging from a jug. Equally  drunk, the Friar follows, howling, mimicking him. Robin  and the others watch in amusement. Tuck scoops another  jug and hands it to Aslan. FRIAR
52) 3) text: Come, holy man. A toast to all of Allah's children. The true believers and the fat infidels. Tuck laughs and drinks. Aslan sways and topples at the Friar's feet. Heaves up all over the holy sandals. Tuck looks at Robin.
54) 0) text: The Friar and the Saracen lie head to head on the dewey grass. Tuck  snores. Robin shakes Aslan, who grabs for his weapon.  The hangover hits him like a mallet. He clutches his temples. ROBIN
63) 6) text: Nay, reveren'. Ya best be goin' wi' the wenches. FRIAR
65) 0) text: The Sheriff's men stomp through the burning forest. From the other side of the flaming trees, Little John's men pick off shots with their longbows. They retreat, turn and fire again. They back into a clearing... The Celtic mercenaries charge at them across the open ground. The woodsmen drop their bows. Hand-to-hand combat. Woodsmen are being decimated. Little John storms and shouts, cutting down the enemy, inspiring his men. The Scotsmen are awed by this giant. Tuck is confronted by a wild-eyed Celt. FRIAR
65) 2) dialog: You would?   Then to hellfire with you. He pummels the man to the ground with his staff. The woodsmen are broken into two groups. One group, including Will, is surrounded and surrenders. The others fight on. Bleeding from several wounds, Little John is surrounded by four Celts. He spins, challenging them, spitting out expletives. Defiant to the last... suddenly his attackers are hurled aside. Robin rides right through them, slashing with his sword. LITTLE JOHN
65) 3) text: 'Bout bleedin' time, mush. Tuck is driven to the ground... his assailant is deliver- ing the lethal blow, when Aslan cuts him down. Tuck glances heavenwards. FRIAR
68) 70) text: To the end, friend. FRIAR
71) 1) dialog: Lord, grant us the courage to endure, and if you're as smart as I believe you are, grant us victory... and the victuals to celebrate it with. Aslan is crushing charcoal into a mixture of yellow powder, which is turning black. Tuck approaches.
71) 2) dialog: Will you pray with me, son of Allah?
75) 1) text: What you got there, Father? FRIAR
77) 0) text: Tuck urges his ancient nag towards the scaffold with his cargo of barrels. The crowd parts unwillingly. FRIAR
81) 1) text: Step down, friar. FRIAR
81) 3) text: This man claims you have outlaws concealed in these barrels. Among them the cursed Robin Hood. Tuck glares at Will with unconcealed hatred. FRIAR
81) 8) text: Break one open! FRIAR
95) 0) text: Carrying a flaming torch, Tuck runs down the dark passage ways. Before him, an awesome sight... dozens of pitiful men in cages. Suddenly he is confronted by the jailer. A cruel behemoth of a man, carrying a spiked club. FRIAR
97) 0) text: Tuck picks himself up from the floor.    The jailer is amazed. FRIAR
97) 1) text: The Lord helps those who help themselves. Grinning, he pulls open his robes, revealing chest armor ... and a miniature powder keg. He holds it to his flaming torch and tosses it to the jailer... Stupified, the man catches the smoking bomb. FRIAR
99) 3) text: Go' bless ya, Tuck. Tuck flails a chain at a Celt. FRIAR
102) 3) dialog: Amen! MORTIANNA
102) 9) text: No, I swear it, in God's name. FRIAR
102) 13) dialog: Think again! Without an eyeblink's pause, Tuck punches the Bishop so hard, he flies back THROUGH a stained-glass WINDOW.
106) 11) text: I'm going home the easy way, Robin. FRIAR
106) 13) text: (weakly) I have no strength, Brother Tuck. FRIAR
107) 4) text: By the power vested in me by God's holy church, I now pronounce you husband and wife. Tuck is performing the ceremony before the happy couple. FRIAR
107) 5) text: You may kiss the bride. The husband draws back the bride's veil.    Robin and Marian. They kiss... long. FRIAR