7) 0) text: FIRE CRACKLES in an open hearth. Hams and a half sheep hang, smoking. An old DOG SNORES at the fireside. A bone clunks on the floor, waking him.
20) 0) text: The hall. Deer heads.        Boar heads.   Portraits of ancestors.
23) 0) text: Water erupts under hooves. Aslan fords a stream. Duncan hangs on for dear life. Robin strives to keep up. Half a mile behind Gisborne splits up his men. Trying for a short cut, Robin finds himself at the steepest part of the river gorge. His horse balks at the drop. Robin flails at his mount with hands and feet. It backs away.
25) 27) text: That be Hal Brownwell, but the lads call i'm Hal Hiccup. The others make hiccup and belching sounds, and crack up at Hal's embarrassment. Hal strikes out angrily at his tormentors. ROBIN
25) 28) text: Hold! Hal, you have the face and hands of a farmer. I wager you are a strong and honest man, and I'd be glad to have you at my side in a fight. The next man who makes light of you will have to answer to me. There is murmuring around the group, but no one elects to try it. ROBIN
25) 55) text: Ya're a daft bugger, Robin Hood, but ya're a brave 'un, I'll give ya that. Drink up, laddie, cuz tomorrow ya mayn't be so lucky! Tomorrow I shall best ya an' crack that blasted noble head in two. Laughing loudly, he throws back his head for a long draught of mead.
29) 54) text: Because for every harm you do, I swear by God I shall visit on you threefold in return.
34) 6) text: Then we shall take from him and his rich friends. This provokes a barrage of protests.   The men are angry. WILL SCARLET
36) 5) text: A phalanx of   mounted soldiers, a cart loaded with barrels, and   a tax wagon. The wagon is an armored box o wheels, with   crossbow slits in the side. Guy of Gisborn commands the   escort.
37) 1) text: Surrender your weapons. I give you my word you shall go free. In answer, a swordblade jabs up through the roof, near his feet. ROBIN
37) 42) text: What do you say now, Tuck?    Here are the meek of the earth. Tuck surveys the hopeful, hungry faces. The little hamlet of half-built huts. He folds his hands in a moment of prayer. FRIAR
41) 0) text: A small procession. Tuck drives his cart, Bull the tax wagon. Both vehicles laden with supplies. Wulf and Hal pass out flour, chickens, blankets, clothing to the villagers. Their weapons are prominently displayed. Tuck swigs from a jar, passes it to an old villager. FRIAR
42) 0) text: Water, sparkling with sunlight. Bursts, as Robin dives in naked. He luxuriates in the cool water... HOOFBEATS. He attempts to hide... too late. Four horses emerge from the trees. Bull and Hal, with Marian and her servant Sarah sandwiched between them. Bull has a black eye. Marian jumps down. MARIAN
47) 52) text: We shall open a barrel together and I shall do my damndest to save your heathen soul. ASLAN
55) 0) text: Bull and Hal are crouched in the roadway, over a body. Robin runs up with Aslan. He kneels beside them. The body is Duncan. Robin clasps a dead hand... Silence. Fighting his emotions. BULL
57) 15) text: (horror) The painted man! Aslan's war CRY RICHOCHETS off the cave walls. A    curve scimitar in one hand, a straight English sword in   the other, his arms are lethal windmills. The masked    guard are cut down left and right. Mortianna retreats,    scurr ing into the depths of the cave.
61) 10) dialog: C... cccc... LITTLE JOHN
61) 12) dialog: Cccc... elts!
63) 5) text: Stop 'ere and flippin' well fight 'em, that's what. Whadya say, lads? Half-hearted support from about a dozen men, including Tack. LITTLE JOHN
65) 3) text: 'Bout bleedin' time, mush. Tuck is driven to the ground... his assailant is deliver- ing the lethal blow, when Aslan cuts him down. Tuck glances heavenwards. FRIAR
65) 8) text: Git the bleedin' 'ell outa there, ya li'l bugger. Distracted, he doesn't see a Celt swing at his back... but Wulf's arrow pierces the man's adam's apple. He freezes in mid-air, before toppling at John's feet. When John turns back, Wulf is being dragged away by three of the Sherrif's men. He attempts to pursue, but is intercepted by two more Celts... and struck down. Aslan charges between the two Celts. Slashes down with both swords. Both men topple to the ground simultaneously. Suddenly all is quiet.    The smoking clearing is a mass of fallen bodies. Only    four men seem to be alive. Robin, Aslan, Tuck, who   is slouched against a tree gasping for breath, and   Hal, who kneels clutching his wounded shoulder. Robin dismounts and runs to Little John. Overwhelmed and exhausted, he slumps over the giant's unmoving form. LITTLE JOHN
68) 28) text: I'll wring yer scrawny neck, Will Scarlet. I'd be doin' yer a bloody favor an' all. Quickly, others arrive. Aslan, Tuck, Hal, Fanny, with kids clinging to her skirts. FANNY
68) 31) text: Git us a rope, Hal, and we'll put the bleedin' weasel outa 'is misery.
68) 39) text: Aye.    'E always did 'ave balls o' brass. HAL
68) 42) text: Search 'im, Hal. 'E'll 'ave a bloody blade on 'im somewheres. Will eyes the accusing faces. Hal searches, lifts Will's shirt. His whole skin is lacerated with deep gashes and fresh burns.
68) 71) text: If my heathen brother stays, I stay. HAL
68) 72) text: Mmmm... meee... tttt... He can't get it out.    Little John covers Hal's mouth. LITTLE JOHN
85) 5) text: Hal! What happened to your stutter? HAL
85) 6) text: It's gg... ggg... g..oh crap! A guard attacks, Hal fells him. HAL
93) 0) text: Hal and the others battle against huge odds. More peasants join them, daring to take on the Sheriff's hated men. Aslan's a whirlwind,  striking out in all directions. Each blow for  a cause. ASLAN
95) 1) text: (pious) My son, there is a holy war being waged outside. Release all these wretches and God shall surely find you a place in heaven. JAILER
95) 2) text: I'd rather go to hell! WHAM! Tuck takes the lethal cudgel full in the chest. Flies back.
99) 0) text: A crossbow bolt strikes Hal between his shoulder blades. He falls. The Sheriff's soldiers are regaining the advantage. The peasants are giving up, dropping their weapons.
99) 1) dialog: No!   Fight on. Fight! He sees a familiar pair of holy sandals marching towards him. Tuck leading a barefoot army. Dozens of ragged prisoners, armed with chains and torture implements. FRIAR
99) 2) text: Sinners, beware! God's avengers are at hand. Dying, Hal manages a weak smile. HAL