23) 59) text: Yeah, bollocks, mate. Robin looks up... I mean up! A towering figure. Seven feet of grinning, muscled brute. The giant extends a vice that passes for a hand. Hauls Robin to his feet. His eyes twinkle with merriment. His whole body shakes when he laughs, which is often. JOHN LITTLE
23) 63) dialog: John Little.   Bestman o' the woods.
23) 74) text: That is sacred to me. JOHN LITTLE
23) 76) text: You will have to fight me for it. JOHN LITTLE
23) 79) text: This man is your father? Tell him how I saved your hide from the Sheriff's soldiers. That deserves some gratitude, I believe. He reaches for the medallion.    John pulls it away. JOHN LITTLE
23) 86) dialog: Is that so? Another grin. Licking his lips in anticipation, he lunges for Robin's wrist. Wrenches the sword free. Bends it into a pretzel.
23) 88) text: Oh dear! The little rich boy is lost for words. Thanks for the taxes, Locksley. JOHN LITTLE
24) 1) text: This is my bridge. No one crosses without paying tax. JOHN LITTLE
24) 3) text: If you wish to cross, it will cost you a gold medallion. JOHN LITTLE
24) 9) text: You don't have the courage to face me again, John Little? Or should I call you 'Little John'? John grabs a hefty, gnarled staff.   Strides to the bridge. JOHN LITTLE
24) 10) text: Alright, m'old cock. You wanna nuther good wallopin'? His confidence melting, Robin glances back at Duncan and Aslan, who grins like a fan at a boxing match. John storms at Robin. Staffs thrash. Driven back, Robin connects a blow on John's foot. The giant is off-balance. Robin follows up. Lands a couple to the ribs. John responds with heavy swings, which Robin blocks deftly. Back and forth, blow for blow, all blocked. John chuckles with every swing. Enjoying the time of his life. Their staffs lock. It's strength against strength. Robin is no match. With one mighty thrust, John hurtles him into the stream. The woodsmen cheer loudly. Aslan watches impassively. Robin scrambles back onto the bridge.   John waits, grinning. JOHN LITTLE
24) 12) text: Don't fool with him. Get him! John charges. Robin fends him off, gets in some shots of his own. John swings in a giant arc. Robin ducks. John loses balance and falls to his knees. Robin allows him time to right himself. John comes at him again, pummeling. Wood splinters from the impact. Brute force versus agility. Agility is beginning to prevail, when Robin's staff splits in two. JOHN LITTLE
24) 18) dialog: Help!   Cain't bloody swim. He submerges again.   Robin pulls his head above water.
24) 21) dialog: Yes!
24) 24) text: Pay me the tax. A tense pause while all wait for Little's reaction. JOHN LITTLE
25) 1) dialog: Mead.   Made it m'self.
25) 6) text: A fine brew, Little John. He spits black objects from his mouth.      Dead bees. grins.
25) 7) dialog: Real honey. He takes the jug back. Sneezes royally, spewing all over the brew. Oblivious, he hands the contaminated jug to Aslan.
25) 9) dialog: An Englishman's mead not bleedin' good enough for ya?
25) 11) dialog: Your bloody loss, mate. He swigs.    Passes the jug on to Duncan, who drinks heartily.    Wulf cautiously approaches Robin.
25) 12) dialog: What is it, boy? Speak up!
25) 15) dialog: C'mon, lad, drink! 'Twill put hair on your bloomin' chest. Wulf tries the brew. The impact is instant.       He turn green and runs. His father cracks up.
25) 26) text: Your name, friend? The man's bald pate blushes scarlet as he tries to respond, but he stutters too badly to get out a comprehensible word. LITTLE JOHN
25) 34) text: How do you fare? LITTLE JOHN
25) 36) text: While the Sheriff steals your land and your families starve? LITTLE JOHN
25) 38) text: Your ghosts will only keep his men at bay so long, my friend. Soon the Sheriff will hunt you down and hang you. You must fight back. LITTLE JOHN
25) 40) text: We must organize. Win by guile. LITTLE JOHN
25) 49) text: Count me not a friend, Locksley. LITTLE JOHN
25) 50) text: Stuff a flippin' cork in it, Will. The man's our guest. Will gets up.   Angrily pushes his way out of the group. LITTLE JOHN
25) 52) text: He is right to distrust me. I am a rich man's son. I have done no honest labor. But today I am as poor as any of you. Nottingham has stolen all that I own. And when I killed Gisborne's men, I, too, became an outlaw. LITTLE JOHN
34) 4) text: You brought this misery on us, Locksley. We can barely feed ourselves. LITTLE JOHN
35) 0) text: Hands tighten a girth. Will confidently jokes with his cronies. Woodsmen form a primitive circle of spectators. Little John and his wife, Fanny, keep to themselves, while Wulf openly talks with Robin, Aslan and Duncan. Robin is stripped to the waist, his muscled skin ravaged with scars. ASLAN
35) 11) text: Thank the Lord you are not endowed like Bull. The crowd is convulsed with laughter. Robin catches his breath. Does not see Will, who grabs a heavy staff and runs at him. A strong hand grasps Will's arm as he is about to strike. LITTLE JOHN
35) 12) text: Bollocks, Will. Jus' bugger off, eh? Overpowered, Will relents.   With a defiant glance, he skulks away. LITTLE JOHN
35) 18) dialog: 'Ow in bloody blazes are we gonna do that?
38) 2) text: Thankee, Robin. Little John and Bull approach. John indicates the two prisoners roped to a nearby tree. LITTLE JOHN
38) 4) text: They'd be spittin' it out good if they'd knowed anythin'. LITTLE JOHN
38) 19) text: (very deliberately) No, Aslan... not this one, Aslan. ... How about this other one?... Fatter, yes... more meat. The other soldier, who definitely  has more flesh on the bone, is struck dumb with horror,  as Aslan turns his attention to him. With one swing   of his sword, Aslan slices through the man's ropes.   Drags him to his feet. Little John runs over. LITTLE JOHN
38) 21) text: I cannot stop him, John. Besides, if they will not tell what they know, then they must pay the price. LITTLE JOHN
39) 0) text: The walls shake with Little John's laughter. LITTLE JOHN
39) 2) text: Thanks to our cannibal friend. Aslan repeats his wildman act, munching on a chunk of venison. LITTLE JOHN
39) 11) text: Since he also has every Smith in the country working in his castle, we can assume he is planning a little war. LITTLE JOHN
43) 0) text: An arrow flies into a bull's-eye, crudely marked on a tree. Little John lowers his crossbow, delighted at his shot. LITTLE JOHN
43) 1) text: (to Wulf) Right m'lad. Let's see how close you can git to that bugger. Wulf takes aim. His arrow slices clear through his father's arrow, splitting it in two. Little John slaps Wulf on the back and beckons everyone over. LITTLE JOHN
46) 1) text: We have to be ready to move camp at any time. The only way we can be attacked is from the Nottingham Road. We hide lookouts in the trees, here and here. If they see soldiers, they shoot warning arrows. Whistles by day, fire by night. Wulf runs up to Little John in panic.
47) 2) dialog: Hush, m'lass.    Ya'll be fine. FANNY
47) 3) text: 'S not like t'others, John.    Oh God, it pains me so. LITTLE JOHN
47) 20) dialog: So be it. FRIAR
47) 45) dialog: marches among the cheering families, holding his newborn child high for all to see. Tuck sits miserably to one side. Bloody and  exhausted, Aslan appears at the hut door. Tuck jumps  to his feet, drawing his knife. Heads turn. Tense silence. Robin appears, unsteadily, behind Aslan. Watches, ready to intervene. Tuck stares at Aslan. Raises his blade... and slices down across his own wrist. FRIAR
61) 0) text: Chaos. Acrid black smoke pours across the clearing. Disarray. COUGHING, SCREAMING, confusion. Little John vainly attempts to instill calm.
61) 1) dialog: Ya'll be jus' fine. Lil' smoke ain't gonna kill ya. Scared and injured woodsmen careen out of the trees. Full retreat.
61) 3) dialog: 'Ere, lads... Over 'ere! We must make a stand. Most of them keep on running.
61) 4) dialog: Damn y'all! Ya're no more use than a load o' wet farts.
61) 6) dialog: Bollocks, Will. Quit yer bloody bellyachin'. Hal runs to join them, stuttering.
63) 0) text: The bloodcurdling cry fills the sky. Amidst the smoke and chaos, Little John's small band is gathered at the edge of the clearing. WILL SCARLET
63) 5) text: Stop 'ere and flippin' well fight 'em, that's what. Whadya say, lads? Half-hearted support from about a dozen men, including Tack. LITTLE JOHN
63) 7) text: This holy man believes in doing God's work with his hands. He snatches a quarterstaff.    John slaps him on the back The men are encouraged. LITTLE JOHN
65) 0) text: The Sheriff's men stomp through the burning forest. From the other side of the flaming trees, Little John's men pick off shots with their longbows. They retreat, turn and fire again. They back into a clearing... The Celtic mercenaries charge at them across the open ground. The woodsmen drop their bows. Hand-to-hand combat. Woodsmen are being decimated. Little John storms and shouts, cutting down the enemy, inspiring his men. The Scotsmen are awed by this giant. Tuck is confronted by a wild-eyed Celt. FRIAR
65) 8) text: Git the bleedin' 'ell outa there, ya li'l bugger. Distracted, he doesn't see a Celt swing at his back... but Wulf's arrow pierces the man's adam's apple. He freezes in mid-air, before toppling at John's feet. When John turns back, Wulf is being dragged away by three of the Sherrif's men. He attempts to pursue, but is intercepted by two more Celts... and struck down. Aslan charges between the two Celts. Slashes down with both swords. Both men topple to the ground simultaneously. Suddenly all is quiet.    The smoking clearing is a mass of fallen bodies. Only    four men seem to be alive. Robin, Aslan, Tuck, who   is slouched against a tree gasping for breath, and   Hal, who kneels clutching his wounded shoulder. Robin dismounts and runs to Little John. Overwhelmed and exhausted, he slumps over the giant's unmoving form. LITTLE JOHN
68) 38) dialog: (dismissive)
68) 41) text: Let him speak. John reluctantly moves his hold from Will's neck to his shoulders. LITTLE JOHN
68) 43) dialog: Bugger me. He steps back.    Ready to listen. WILL SCARLET
68) 52) text: The hangings are to be part of the celebration for the Sheriff's marriage. LITTLE JOHN
68) 55) text: He takes a bride of royal blood? LITTLE JOHN
68) 72) text: Mmmm... meee... tttt... He can't get it out.    Little John covers Hal's mouth. LITTLE JOHN
71) 14) text: Them's safe, wi' my mother. (pushes past Little John) Robin, I been to town an' seen the scaffold and the guard towers. LITTLE JOHN
71) 19) text: You go an' birth eight babies and then you can come an' tell me 'bout hurtin', ya big ox. I ain't gonna sit aroun' an' let one o' 'em die, neither. LITTLE JOHN
71) 21) text: Fanny, show me the exact location of the scaffold. Little John double-takes.
78) 0) text: A massive oak stands near the southern wall. A large figure climbs to its uppermost branches. Little John. He scrambles from the tree, starts to climb the wall itself. He slips frequently.
85) 0) text: The scaffold is impregnable. Celts and their Chieftain guard the platform itself. The Sherriff's men surround the base. The executioner encircles Wulf's neck with the noose. SPARKS! Tuck ignites a fuse-cord leading to one of the barrels. A hand tightens the noose... Another grasps an arrow. The executioner's eyes glint through the slits. Nottingham intently watches Wulf. The Chieftain stands, impassive. Fingers close on a bowstring... the fuse-cord burns. Wulf steps to the trap, ready to plunge.   His eyes close An arrow flies... slices through the executioner's eye slit. The executioner falls. Little John celebrates... but the Chieftain leaps forward... releases the trap. Wulf's body plunges.   The rope snaps tight. Little John yells.   Fanny screams. A figure leaps onto the platform... the wounded soldier throws aside his crutch... Robin! Wulf dangles, strangling.   His hands wrench at the choking cord.
85) 10) dialog: Fight fair...
85) 14) dialog: ...Or don't fight at all.
86) 0) text: Crossbow bolts fly. Little John ducks and weaves, while spinning and firing at the men advancing at him from both sides. LITTLE JOHN
86) 1) text: Come on, ya ckicken-'earted buggers. Ya milksops, ya bleedin' pansies. He can't shoot fast enough. As they descend on him, he leaps from the battlements onto a soldier's back. Grabs his sword. LITTLE JOHN
98) 0) text: John is in deep trouble, but undaunted. LITTLE JOHN
98) 1) text: Ya gutless bloody sissies. Someone attacks his assailants from the rear.    The tide turns. LITTLE JOHN
98) 6) text: Sorry, Father. Couldn't help myself. LITTLE JOHN
106) 3) text: I think she's feeling better. Marian looks about her... the chaotic aftermath of battle. Reality gradually sinks in. She folds against Robin's chest. Little John arrives, his huge arms enfolding Wulf and Fanny. LITTLE JOHN
108) 0) text: WEDDING BELLS PEAL. Robin and Marian step out into the sunlight. The crowd cheers. At a signal from Little John, the ex-outlaws shoot flaming arrows into the sky... FIREWORKS...