21) 4) dialog: I trust Lord Locksley has recovered from his indisposition. Aslan laughs.   Robin glares.
22) 0) text: Rock-strewn hills. Grazing sheep. Sun peeking through clouds. Robin and Marian walk. Anger and anguish in her voice.
22) 1) dialog: Why would he wish me to be protected by the boy who burned my hair when I was a child?
22) 3) dialog: How do I know you didn't abandon him there to save your own skin. Robin hands her Peter's ring.   She is shocked.
22) 5) dialog: I will forward your condolences to my mother. She turns her back.   He searches for a way to reach her.
22) 7) dialog: The people fear the Druids so much they'd believe anything. Nottingham would have me burned at the stake as a witch if he thought he could possess my property.
22) 12) dialog: I will not retreat.     Besides, I have no interest in    life at court. Gossip-mongering and    currying favor. Here I am my     own person.
22) 14) dialog: I do not need a guardian. She turns to face him.   Streaming tears.
22) 15) dialog: My brother is dead. You cannot take his place. Robin grabs and holds her.
22) 17) dialog: What do you want? Their eyes meet... a sudden intimacy between them. Robin moves closer. Marian begins to respond, then pulls away.
22) 18) dialog: This is wrong. She runs back to the house. Robin stares after her. Aslan appears in the doorway with Duncan.
22) 21) dialog: Soldiers coming here?     Is this your protection?
22) 26) dialog: I can take care of myself. There are horses in the stable. Go! Aslan runs into the stables.
22) 28) dialog: Stop them!   They're stealing my horses!
22) 32) dialog: They're thieves, you imbecile. Bring back my horses, or the Sheriff will know of your cowardice. Gisborne knows she is lying.
22) 38) dialog: Kiss this! She unsheathes the dagger from under her skirt.    Jabs the blade into his wrist.
22) 39) dialog: Try me again, if you want to leave a hand behind. Shocked and pained, the man gallops away. Marian looks down at her dagger hand. It shakes violently.
29) 7) text: Alms for a blind man. For one who cannot see your beauty. MARIAN
29) 9) text: So you care for my safety? MARIAN
29) 11) text: Under the Sheriff's law, that's a badge of pride. MARIAN
29) 13) text: How much? MARIAN
29) 15) text: Is that all? I have not annoyed him enough. Soon he will offer ten thousand. MARIAN
29) 22) text: What is he planning? MARIAN
29) 25) dialog: Robin!   Do something for me.
29) 27) dialog: Take a bath. ROBIN
29) 30) text: You have been meeting with young Robin of Locksley. (as she tries to hide her shock) My cousin tells me the knave deprived you of some horses. MARIAN
29) 35) text: I deeply regret it, and I promise you he will be brought to justice. For subjecting you to such treatment, I will hang him from the walls with his own entrails. That gleam of insanity.   Robin watches from a distance. MARIAN
29) 37) text: My dear, a woman of your refinement is not safe living alone. If you would consent to bring your household within the city walls, I could give your needs my most personal attention. MARIAN
29) 39) text: Alas, the King has many enemies both abroad and at home. I fear for his safe return. MARIAN
29) 40) text: Fear not, my dear Sheriff. He will return. When he does, he will wish to reward his faithful subjects. The Sheriff smiles sourly and takes his leave. Marian deflates with relief. The Sheriff walks alone towards a side door. BEGGAR
30) 0) text: Robin runs to the courtyard and leaps on the Sheriff's horse, which is held by a stunned groom. He rides through the busy marketplace. A crossbowman tracks him. A sure shot. Marian spots the danger. She fakes being tripped and stumbles into the bowman. His bolt flies harmlessly into the air. MARIAN
42) 0) text: Water, sparkling with sunlight. Bursts, as Robin dives in naked. He luxuriates in the cool water... HOOFBEATS. He attempts to hide... too late. Four horses emerge from the trees. Bull and Hal, with Marian and her servant Sarah sandwiched between them. Bull has a black eye. Marian jumps down. MARIAN
42) 2) text: Good morning, Lady Marian. In response, she starts pelting him with stones. MARIAN
42) 4) text: Ah well... er, let me finish this bath you wished me to take. Then I'll explain. MARIAN
42) 6) text: If you will be patient, I could spare your propriety by... MARIAN
43) 2) text: Take a gander at this 'un, mates. Never seen nuthin' like it in my bloomin' life. Robin leads Marian through the camp... the beginnings of a village -- women doing laundry, kids playing, men prac- ticing archery and swordplay, others working on defenses, camouflaging a giant pit. Marian is impressed, but not about to admit it. MARIAN
43) 3) text: This better be damned important. Robin leads her into a hut. Inside is a trove of cap- tured loot -- purses, jewelry, weaponry, fancy coats and... the treasure chest. At Robin's nod, Bull throws back the lid. Marian is speechless. ROBIN
43) 8) dialog: Do you think he's going to let you get away with all this? The man is without mercy. He will annihilate you.
43) 10) dialog: You're taking a stand with the lives of these people. These young ones. A beat. She checks the faces. Her eyes meet Robin's. Is there a hint of concern for him also?
43) 11) dialog: What do you want from me?
43) 13) dialog: Nottingham would not dare challenge the King.
43) 16) dialog: Now you want me to participate in your folly? A little girl approaches, holding a bouquet of wild flowers. Touched, Marian kneels to accept the offering.
43) 22) text: (to Marian) I am sending Duncan with you. Give him some warm food and a real bed. I grow tired of his bellyaching. DUNCAN
43) 23) text: Hah! I have endured more hardship in my lifetime than any man here. Robin laughs and speaks to Marian in a stage whisper. ROBIN
43) 24) text: Don't tell him I told you, but he may be useful to you. There is no one to whom I would rather entrust your safety. MARIAN
43) 26) text: (calls after her) Will you send word to the King? MARIAN
44) 0) text: A globule of red liquid.    A signet ring.   Marian seals a letter.
45) 0) text: The letter is held in the pudgy, jeweled fingers of the Bishop of Hereford. A lavish office. MARIAN
45) 6) text: You will travel to France immediately. You must give this directly into the hands of the King, and him alone. The courier bows in acknowledgement.    Marian indicates Sarah. MARIAN
45) 8) text: My dear, I could not vouch for her safety. The journey is fraught with danger. MARIAN
49) 0) text: Flickering candlelight. Marian is alone, reading. A sudden gust extinguishes her candle. HAMMERING and SHOUTING from a distant part of the house. Unnerved, she calls out.
49) 1) dialog: Who is there?     Duncan!
50) 0) text: Marian enters stealthily. A candle in one hand, a drawn dagger in the other. Something leaps at her!... A cat, looking for scraps on the kitchen table. She shoos him down. MARIAN
50) 6) text: Drop your blade. MARIAN
50) 9) text: I am sorry, my lady.    There were too many. She stares at the invaders with studied calm. MARIAN
55) 2) text: Are you sure it was a Druid mask? (as Bull nods) Damn them to hell! They must have Marian. Do you know where they meet?
56) 3) text: (under his breath) Marian!
57) 1) text: Robin!... Robin! A figure in a flowing white robe. Angelic. Floating towards him... Marian. He tries to speak her name. Reaches out his hand. MARIAN
57) 2) text: Death is not to be feared, Robin. Embrace it. Her LAUGH ECHOES around the cave, as if hundreds of lost souls are laughing with her. Robin crawls away, cover- ing his ears. Marian lifts his face to hers.
57) 3) dialog: Drink this. Weakly, Robin tries to push away the cup.   Her hand grips his chin, forcing his mouth open.
57) 4) dialog: Drink. The liquid trickles over his lips. He tries to focus. Her features are BLURRED, her voice hypnotic. MARIAN
57) 11) text: (sinking) I love you. MARIAN
57) 13) text: (slurred) Where is Marian? MORTIANNA
57) 20) text: (groggy) Marian? Aslan runs to the back of the cave, searching. Wulf is crouched beside Bull, who murmurs his dying words. BULL
74) 0) text: ... Mortianna's apothecary. Dark, smoke-filled. Foul things in jars. Animals in cages, waiting to meet unspeakable ends. Marian is strapped in a chair, flanked by two armed guards. NOTTINGHAM
74) 1) text: How is my bride? Marian smiles as he leans toward her... and spits in his face. NOTTINGHAM
74) 7) text: Hold her! Marian struggles against her bonds. MARIAN
74) 8) text: Get away from me, you disgusting hag. I will not... augh! The guards viciously restrain her, forcing her mouth open. Mortianna pours the blood-red liquid down her throat. Marian fights, gagging and choking... until the drug takes its effect. She slumps forward. Nottingham watches with amusement. NOTTINGHAM
89) 0) text: Surrounded by flickering candles, Marian sits before a mirror. In a white wedding gown. Her eyes faraway, lifeless, in deep trance. Mortianna sensuously combs the bride's hair with her taloned fingers. The Sheriff's face appears in the reflection.
90) 0) text: Once, Christian, now blasphemously transformed   to the practice of black magic. The crucifix on the    altar is upside down. Marian stands before it, between    the Sheriff and Mortianna. The Bishop is dragged    in. Frightened. The BATTLE SOUNDS ECHO. BISHOP
94) 1) text: (grabbing a servant) Where is she? Where is Lady Marian?
96) 1) text: ...your bodies to be bound in immortal wedlock. Do you, Marian Dubois, take... The chapel DOORS SHATTER inward. Robin backs in, bloodied, fencing with four remaining soldiers. He smashes one by swinging the heavy door into him, hurtles a pew at another. He springs off another pew, taking down a third.
102) 11) text: (glimpsing her) Watch out! Aslan spins... too late. Screeching, Mortianna drives the spear into Aslan's side. He cries out and slides to the floor. Nottingham uses Robin's distraction to regain his sword. Back on the defensive, Robin tries to evade the blows. Mortianna drags Marian out onto a balcony. Robin cannot pursue. In acute pain, Aslan struggles to his feet. Grasping the spear where it enters his side, he pulls wit all his strength. The Bishop, concealed dagger in hand, approaches Tuck. BISHOP
103) 0) text: Mortianna hauls Marian against the battlements. Peers down at the battle. She spins in shock at Aslan's voice.
105) 0) text: Robin grabs Marian, pulling her back. Carefully lifts her face. Her lifeless eyes suddenly flash. She lashes out. A spitfire.
105) 1) dialog: Let me go!   Who are you?
106) 0) text: Robin emerges from the castle. Draped over his shoulder, Marian is kicking and beating at him. He reaches the fountain in the center of the square and tosses her into the freezing water. She leaps to her feet, yelling. Slips and tumbles back. Water streams from her bridal gown. A crowd gathers, enjoying the show.
106) 1) dialog: Robin?   Oh God, is that you? She stumbles out of the fountain... and storms at him, pounding her fists on his chest. MARIAN
106) 3) text: I think she's feeling better. Marian looks about her... the chaotic aftermath of battle. Reality gradually sinks in. She folds against Robin's chest. Little John arrives, his huge arms enfolding Wulf and Fanny. LITTLE JOHN
106) 17) text: (laughs) Here, Tuck. Look after him.    You deserve each other. Robin stands, Marian joins him. Around them cheering grows, till the whole crowd is in unison.
107) 5) text: You may kiss the bride. The husband draws back the bride's veil.    Robin and Marian. They kiss... long. FRIAR
107) 6) text: (whispers) Hurry. We waste good celebration time. They break   the embrace, turn to the congregation and start down   the aisle. They pause at the front pew, where KING   RICHARD and members of his court are sitting Robin bows,   Marian curtsies. KING RICHARD
107) 9) text: (kissing Marian's cheek) You look radiant, cousin. ROBIN
108) 0) text: WEDDING BELLS PEAL. Robin and Marian step out into the sunlight. The crowd cheers. At a signal from Little John, the ex-outlaws shoot flaming arrows into the sky... FIREWORKS...