16) 15) dialog: Change the seat of power.
16) 17) dialog: Change it.
16) 22) dialog: Ally with royal blood.
16) 24) dialog: That is not revealed. The idea takes shape in Nottingham's mind.      Mounting intensity.
16) 26) dialog: Armies.
16) 28) dialog: Yours. Men and weaponry in great numgers.
16) 30) dialog: Much blood will be spilled.
16) 32) text: A dice splashes blood. Lands -- a death's head symbol. Mortianna hammers the platter. The dice spins and lands again. Again the grinning skull.
16) 34) dialog: Who have you seen?! She shakes him.    Screams spittle in his face.
16) 39) dialog: You lie!     A man... A painted man.
16) 41) dialog: I have seen my death. She whimpers.   Spins, as if fearing invisible intruders.
16) 42) dialog: The painted man. He haunts my dreams.
16) 44) dialog: Kill them!     Kill them! She throws herself at Nottingham for protection.    He caresses her. Gisborne is thunderstruck.
16) 46) dialog: (frantic) And the painted man! Kill him.
57) 12) text: Kiss me. He gives himself to her. Their lips meet... something changes in his vision. Her eyes glow red. Her face starts to shrivel -- He is kissing the wrinkled lips of Mortianna. He pulls away... strong arms grab him. He shakes his head, trying to make sense. Through his BLURRED vision, we see he is surrounded by masked men. ROBIN
57) 13) text: (slurred) Where is Marian? MORTIANNA
57) 14) text: She is with friends. (cackles) Your resistence is strong, but useless. Sign this. (as quill is forced into his hand) You are a Druid like your father. You consort with the devil. Your confession will be witnessed by the Bishop of Hereford. A guard forces Robin's hand across the page... then cries out, clutching his back... An arrow lodged be- tween his shoulders. In the cave mouth are Wulf, bow in hand, Bull kneeling beside Sarah's corpse, and Aslan. MORTIANNA
57) 15) text: (horror) The painted man! Aslan's war CRY RICHOCHETS off the cave walls. A    curve scimitar in one hand, a straight English sword in   the other, his arms are lethal windmills. The masked    guard are cut down left and right. Mortianna retreats,    scurr ing into the depths of the cave.
68) 16) text: Kiss me, Robin. The noose tightens on her neck. As she dies, her face shrivels into the cackling features of Mortianna. Next, Robin's father.   He stares accusingly right AT us. LOCKSLEY
68) 17) text: Why have you betrayed me?   Why? Before he pulls the rope, the executioner peels back his hood... It is Robin. Gloating, he hauls on the rope. His laughter blends with that of Mortianna in a hideous cacophony.
74) 0) text: ... Mortianna's apothecary. Dark, smoke-filled. Foul things in jars. Animals in cages, waiting to meet unspeakable ends. Marian is strapped in a chair, flanked by two armed guards. NOTTINGHAM
74) 6) text: (calm, uncowed) I will never marry you. Mortianna emerges from a dark corner, bearing the goblet she used at the Druid ceremony. MORTIANNA
74) 8) text: Get away from me, you disgusting hag. I will not... augh! The guards viciously restrain her, forcing her mouth open. Mortianna pours the blood-red liquid down her throat. Marian fights, gagging and choking... until the drug takes its effect. She slumps forward. Nottingham watches with amusement. NOTTINGHAM
74) 9) text: (to Mortianna) When we are married, thirty of the northern barons will pledge me their support as king. As you predicted. Mortianna squats on the floor besides a platter of blood. Clasps the dice-like runes. NOTTINGHAM
74) 10) text: What do you see in the portents? Mortianna rocks on her heels, clutching her taloned hands to her sides. She chants, fingering the bloody stones. MORTIANNA
74) 11) text: The union. The blood of the lion and the house of Nottingham. New faith. New power. New souls. She stares at Nottingham, her red eyes demented. MORTIANNA
74) 18) text: (shouting) Tell me how it will result. MORTIANNA
74) 20) text: Confound you, crone. Without my protection, the people would hunt you down, rip out your black heart and burn it. Mortianna runs at him.   Points her bony finger at his heart. MORTIANNA
89) 0) text: Surrounded by flickering candles, Marian sits before a mirror. In a white wedding gown. Her eyes faraway, lifeless, in deep trance. Mortianna sensuously combs the bride's hair with her taloned fingers. The Sheriff's face appears in the reflection.
90) 0) text: Once, Christian, now blasphemously transformed   to the practice of black magic. The crucifix on the    altar is upside down. Marian stands before it, between    the Sheriff and Mortianna. The Bishop is dragged    in. Frightened. The BATTLE SOUNDS ECHO. BISHOP
90) 3) text: Is is madness to delay. Mortianna screams and slashes her talons across the Bishop's outstretched hands. Blood flows. MORTIANNA
102) 10) text: Blasphemer! You accuse innocent men of Druid worship while you practice the black arts yourself. The Bishop surreptitiously draws a dagger from his robes. A taloned hand grips a spear... Mortianna creeps up on Aslan. ROBIN
102) 11) text: (glimpsing her) Watch out! Aslan spins... too late. Screeching, Mortianna drives the spear into Aslan's side. He cries out and slides to the floor. Nottingham uses Robin's distraction to regain his sword. Back on the defensive, Robin tries to evade the blows. Mortianna drags Marian out onto a balcony. Robin cannot pursue. In acute pain, Aslan struggles to his feet. Grasping the spear where it enters his side, he pulls wit all his strength. The Bishop, concealed dagger in hand, approaches Tuck. BISHOP
103) 0) text: Mortianna hauls Marian against the battlements. Peers down at the battle. She spins in shock at Aslan's voice.