2) 0) text: Pervasive blackness. Moans of men in pain. Dripping water. Rats. Filth. The nadir of human degradation. Bedraggled white men, POWs from the Crusades, caged together with Arab cutthroats. Jailers wrench two crusaders from their cell. ROBIN OF LOCKSLEY and PETER DUBOIS. Their appearance reeks of long imprisonment, but remnants of their noble heritage still glimmer in their faces. Peter is so frail he can barely walk.
3) 7) dialog: No!... I took the bread.
3) 9) dialog: They're not interested in truth. You are too weak, Peter. You would not live through it. The Interrogator stares into Robin's eyes.
3) 12) dialog: And this is English courage. He hurls his holders aside. Swings upward, driving his fast into the executioner's throat. Grabs the sword. Slash. His thongs melt like butter. A jailer leaps at him. Steaming, the scimitar slices into the man's chest. Despite his bindings, Peter wrestles the Interrogator. Knife pressed to his throat, Peter is forced against the furnace. At the last second, he flips the man into the fire. Screaming.
3) 18) dialog: You speak English?
3) 23) dialog: What I would give for an English sword. This is a pruning hook. A guard swings at him with a giant axe.    Robin slashes. shears the axe handle in two.
3) 24) dialog: Hmm!   Not bad. He runs the man through. Peter loses his sword. His opponent moves in for the kill... Peter grabs tongs from the fire and smolders his opponent with a backhand. Commotion outside.    RAISED VOICES and RUNNING FEET.
3) 29) dialog: Why should we trust you?
3) 31) dialog: He makes a point. The door bursts open.    More guards rush in.
3) 32) dialog: A good point. He slashes the man free.
3) 34) dialog: Whatever blood is in his veins, he does not deserve to die here.
4) 0) text: They wade through foul water up to their waists. The Saracen leads... A snake lashes out for his face. Robin lops off its head.
4) 2) dialog: Five years I've waited for the smell of free air. That makes a man fast. Guards drop down from above, carrying torches.    Blockin the way.
4) 11) dialog: Amen, brother. A bloodcurdling scream. A pursuing guard tumbles down the sewer chute. The three men press themselves against the wall. The man hurtles by... is impaled on the spikes. A draft of fresh air from the roof of the tunnel. Using the spiked guard as a ladder, Robin climbs. Removes a grating.
5) 0) text: Robin's head appears... ducks back down, as a squad of mounted soldiers thunders right over him... he reappears. All clear. They're outside the prison wall. Robin helps Peter up.
5) 1) dialog: God willing, we may now be safe.
5) 5) dialog: Come, Peter.    We must hurry. Raising his sword, Peter faces the oncoming soldiers.
5) 7) dialog: Hold on to my shoulder. Peter shakes him off.
5) 11) dialog: (reluctantly) I swear it. Summoning hidden resources of strength, Peter charges at the oncoming soldiers, brandishing his sword.
5) 16) dialog: Farewell, friend. God speed you on your way.
5) 18) dialog: I go to England.
5) 20) dialog: England?   Why?
5) 22) dialog: Go your own way. I relieve you of your obligation.
5) 24) dialog: And if I don't want you?
5) 27) dialog: Robin of Locksley. You know a short route to England, Aslan?
10) 0) text: A twelfth century French sailboat at anchor.    A cross o its sail. A longboat rows to shore. Robin stands in the prow, in a pilgrim's hooded robe. He gazes at the approaching land. Unable to wait, he leaps into the surf and wades to the beach. He kneels, pressing his hands and face into the soil.
10) 1) dialog: Home.    Thank you, Lord. Aslan steps from the boat, sniffing the air. The French sailors keep their distance from him. Robin takes his hand.
10) 2) dialog: My friend, you have escorted me home. I beg you to free yourself of your vow. Return with the boat. I know how heavy your heart must be, this far from your family and native land...
10) 4) dialog: I thought you'd say that. He nods to the sailor, who swings the club down. The Saracen sidesteps, grabs the man's arm and flips him into the surf. He turns a cold stare on Robin.
10) 7) dialog: Come, Aslan. By nightfall we will celebrate your honor when we dine with my father.
12) 0) text: Nearing home, Robin is buoyant.     The Saracen, brooding walks two paces behind him.
12) 1) dialog: Why must you walk in back of me?
12) 3) dialog: Our races have fought for a hundred years to prove that point.
12) 5) dialog: For an 'infidel' you have uncommon clarity of thinking. Yet you refuse to tell me about your home and family.
12) 7) dialog: You speak my language. You have the diplomacy and honor code of a nobleman. I ask again, why were you to be executed? The Saracen maintains a moody silence.
12) 8) dialog: So, I must continue with my guesswork. You are highborn? Probably... You fell from favor... Clearly... Why? You broke the law? You were a rival for power? ... A woman?
12) 12) dialog: By the Lord, that's it! Aslan is silent, but Robin knows he's right.
12) 13) dialog: They say there are Arab women of such beauty that they can possess a man's mind, that he would be willing to die for them. Is that not so? Ignoring him, the Saracen stops.      Examines the darken sky.
12) 15) dialog: Your people must marry women chosen for them by others, right? No reply.    Aslan unfolds a prayer rug.
12) 16) dialog: Who is she? The Mullah's daughter? ... Another man's wife?... That's it!
12) 18) dialog: You dog! You painted old dog! What is her name?
12) 20) dialog: Her name?
12) 22) dialog: Her name?
12) 28) dialog: Ah, Jasmina!    Is she beautiful?
12) 30) dialog: That way. Aslan throws his rug on the ground.    Kneels.
12) 32) dialog: I would know blindfolded. I'm five miles from home... Was she worth it?
12) 35) dialog: Hold!... I am curious as to what manner of creature is so fearsome that it takes six men to attack it. Shrouded in his pilgrim's hooded cloak, he approaches them.
12) 40) dialog: Have we treed the devil himself? Let me see... Ah ha! A small boy. A truly dangerous animal.
12) 42) dialog: Wrong. This is my land, and my tree. Therefore, whatever is in it also belongs to me.
12) 44) dialog: The man who strikes that tree dies. He glances nervously at Aslan, who's still at his prayers. The men stop in mid-swing. More surprised than scared. Gisborne gestures to the largest of them.
12) 46) dialog: (backing up) Perhaps we could discuss this. The soldier raises his sword. Robin lifts his cape... the crossbow. Shoots from the hip. The bolt thuds through the man's armor. He's dead before he lands.
12) 48) dialog: Aslan!   It's time to redeem that vow.
12) 53) dialog: Aslan, get off your damn knees! I have four of them cornered. The Saracen remains head down. Or did we see him steal a glance? Gisborne signals his men to attack. A wave of flashing steel.
12) 54) dialog: I hope there's enough of me to satisfy you all. Backed up to a tree, he grabs a branch and kicks out. Two men fly back. He lunges at a third. His sword strikes flesh. Robin sidesteps and hurls the fourth onto a sharp tree stump. Gisborne thrusts. Robin reacts too slowly.       Blood fl from his arm. His sword falls.
12) 55) dialog: Aslan!! Gisborne is on him, sword pressed to his back.      Robin freezes.
12) 58) dialog: On your knees, Gisborne.   Pray. He obeys.    Robin raises his sword.
12) 63) dialog: Now get off my land. And tell your cousin the Sheriff what happens to his scum when they pick on my people. Gisborne takes off, colliding with Aslan as he folds his rug. Reacts in shock at the sight of the strange Arab. Keeps running.
12) 64) dialog: (to Aslan, furious) You worthless savage! You travel ten thousand miles to save my life, then leave me to be butchered.
12) 66) dialog: Which does not include prayer times, meal times, or any time I'm outnumbered six to one!!
12) 68) dialog: Barely. Aslan examines Robin's wound.   Dismissive.
12) 70) dialog: After six years of the stench of death, I have no stomach for needless blood on my hands. Wulf climbs cautiously from the tree.
12) 71) dialog: Have no fear, boy. The boy nervously eyes Robin and the Saracen, fingering a crucifix around his neck. Runs off into the woods.
12) 76) dialog: Ha!   It was you he was scared of. Aslan's humor is infectious.     Robin's anger relents.
12) 77) dialog: Come, my strange friend. Beyond that hill lies the prettiest little castle in all Christendom. Warm hearths, hot food, real beds.
12) 79) dialog: With feather pillows. Warm and soft like Jasmina's embrace.
13) 0) text: Ruins. The moon hovers ominously over the once-proud castle. Burned to the ground. Gutted and deserted. Towers demolished. Moat drained. Robin stares, struck dumb with horror. The dark courtyard.   Heartsick, Robin stumbles over debris.
13) 1) dialog: Father!    Hello! His VOICE ECHOES around the fallen battlements. Aslan places a hand on his shoulder and points... Suspended high on a tower wall is a decaying human corpse.
13) 3) dialog: Noooooo! A paroxysm of rage and grief. He smashes furniture. Slams his fists relentlessly into the wall. Pained, Aslan looks on.
13) 4) dialog: I should have been here. Spent, he leans against the wall. In the silence, they hear an eerie TAPPING. Robin draws his sword... A hunched, old man emerges, walking with the aid of a staff ... Duncan.
13) 8) dialog: (shaking him) Damn you, Duncan. Why didn't you cut him down?
13) 10) dialog: You left my father to hang like a common thief, carrion for the crows.
13) 12) dialog: What has happened?
13) 14) dialog: Did they have witnesses?
13) 16) dialog: Did you believe the charges?
13) 18) dialog: Who did this to you, Duncan?
17) 0) text: Red shards of sunlight slice through mist-shrouded trees. Robin hammers a crude cross over a hillside grave. Heads bowed, Duncan and Aslan stand at his side.
17) 1) dialog: Our last words in this world were spoken in anger. He called the Crusades a foolish quest, said it was vanity to force other men to our religion. He was right. (looks to Aslan, then back to the grave) Please forgive me, Father.
17) 3) dialog: I failed him. I should have been here at his side.
17) 5) dialog: Leave me.
17) 10) dialog: Leave me.
17) 28) dialog: I swear by my own blood. I will not rest until I have restored my father's name. (a whisper) ... Or until I am dead.
18) 1) dialog: We make a fine army, do we not, Duncan? A blind man, an Arab, and a fool.
18) 3) dialog: This is summer.
18) 5) dialog: Why, pray?
18) 10) dialog: You despair too soon, Aslan. We shall find food and shelter here among friends.
18) 12) dialog: Peter's home. It is nearly seven years since we left here together.
19) 0) text: Robin pounds on the door.    A hatch opens.     An OLD WO face.
19) 2) dialog: Open up! A pause.   The hatch slides back.
19) 3) dialog: Tell the mistress of the house that Robin of Locksley is at her door.
19) 5) dialog: Aagh! He shouts through the hatch, over his bruised fingers.
19) 9) dialog: Is the child Marian at home?
20) 3) dialog: I am Robin of Locksley.
20) 5) dialog: I may meet my maker soon from lack of sustenance. But for now I am real enough.
20) 10) dialog: By heaven, am I to dance next? Who are you?
20) 12) dialog: Then show yourself, child.     For we knew each other well.
20) 14) dialog: You know I am not one of them. Besides, I am sworn to protect you.
20) 16) dialog: Allow that years of war and prison may change a man. Step forward, Marian, so I may see how you have changed. She moves into the light... Fat.     Rotten teeth.   Ugly sin.
20) 17) dialog: Er... the years have been kind.
20) 20) dialog: Wait, Marian!    ...ouch!
20) 24) dialog: You are truly courageous against an unarmed man. The figure gestures towards the door. Robin sidesteps. Slams an elbow. The sword drops. Slides across the floor. Robin moves for it, but the man intercepts, drawing a dagger. Robin darts to the wall. Rips off an antlered deer head. Defends himself as the attacker slashes at the horns.
20) 28) dialog: Marian.
22) 0) text: Rock-strewn hills. Grazing sheep. Sun peeking through clouds. Robin and Marian walk. Anger and anguish in her voice.
22) 2) dialog: We were together five terrible years in a Saracen prison.
22) 4) dialog: Marian, I'm sorry.
22) 6) dialog: On my return, I found my father dead. The Sheriff denounced him as a Druid and took our lands.
22) 11) dialog: Why do you not join your mother in London? You would be safer there.
22) 13) dialog: The you must allow me to be your guardian.
22) 16) dialog: Marian, I don't want to replace him.
22) 25) dialog: I killed some of the Sheriff's men. I fear I have placed you in danger.
22) 27) dialog: I'm not leaving. Marian ices him with a glare. Aslan reappears, with two bareback horses. Soldiers appear on the crest, led by Gisborne... With a mischievous grin, Marian runs to the soldiers.
22) 29) dialog: Damn the girl! Aslan, can you ride? In answer, Aslan grins. Leaps onto a horse. With a single swift move he hoists Duncan up behind him and digs in his heels. The mare leaps forward, and over the estate wall.
22) 30) dialog: He can ride. He heads his horse at the wall. It stumbles. Barely clears it. Stones fly. Robin struggles to hold on. Marian stands directly in Gisborne's path.
23) 0) text: Water erupts under hooves. Aslan fords a stream. Duncan hangs on for dear life. Robin strives to keep up. Half a mile behind Gisborne splits up his men. Trying for a short cut, Robin finds himself at the steepest part of the river gorge. His horse balks at the drop. Robin flails at his mount with hands and feet. It backs away.
23) 1) dialog: Damn you, animal! Aslan shouts from the far bank.
23) 7) dialog: Of course I've had a woman! Come on, pretty one. He pats the horse soothingly.    The animal edges forward
23) 9) dialog: I know!   I know! The soldiers reload.   Robin urges the horse at the steep drop.
23) 10) dialog: Easy, easy. Another wave of crossbow bolts. Robin launches the frightened animal into space. Hooves flail... touch down. Scramble up the other bank. Robin enthusiastically pats the horse's neck.
23) 11) dialog: I love you! The first two pursuers misjudge their leaps.     Their mounts land sprawling in the riverbed.
23) 13) dialog: What is your pleasure, Gisborne?
23) 15) dialog: You survived one meeting.    Our next will be your last.
23) 17) dialog: That's a lie!
23) 22) text: Come, Robin! He is trying to anger you into a trap. A shaft pierces the flank of Robin's horse. It rears in fright. Robin clings on. Six soldiers, the men Gisborne split off, are climbing the embankment towards him. Robin regains control. Rides right at them. Scatters them, and takes off again. Gisborne yells at his men to follow. Robin and Aslan ride flat out. Open land turns to scrub. Seeing no followers, Robin pulls up and dismounts.
23) 23) dialog: We have lost them. I'll lame this mare if I ask her to go any farther. He gently extracts the shaft from his horse. Aslan opens his pouch. Pulls out two shiny clear pebbles and a square leather hide. Rolls the pebbles into the tube and holds it to his eye. A primitive telescope. Robin watches, curious.
23) 35) dialog: God knows! Aslan laughs.   Robin points towards an endless expanse o trees. ROBIN
23) 37) text: Sherwood is haunted, Master. ROBIN
23) 38) text: Either we take our chances with the ghosts, or become ghosts ourselves. He remounts. They race into the trees. Gisborne's men thunder up,... slowing as they enter the forest. Peering around them in trepidation, they slowly rein in. Robin looks back. ROBIN
23) 46) dialog: Be quiet!    Listen. WIND GUSTS the trees in angry waves. Emits deathly SHRIEKS. The HORSES WHINNEY. Unnerved, Aslan smites around him with his scimitar. Wheels at the sounds, striking only air. ASLAN
23) 47) text: Allah protect us from the evil spirits. Duncan clings to his back.   Robin points.
23) 48) dialog: Behind you! Aslan slashes out, futilely.
23) 49) dialog: No, there!    And there! Aslan flails.   Robin cracks up. ASLAN
23) 50) text: Cease your mad laughing.     I can feel them. Robin reaches into the branches. Pulls out a string of hollowed wooden tubes -- WINDCHIMES. Dozens of such strings on all the trees. He blows over the hollow end. A low chilling MOAN. ROBIN
23) 51) text: Here are your ghosts, Duncan. A child's toy put to good use. You scare easily, my painted Saladin. His laughter is broken by a piercing YELL. A red- jacketed figure swings down out of a tree on a rope. Catapults him to the ground. The bushes are instantly alive. Shaggy, wild-eyed men, armed with cudgels, scythes and hayforks. Twelfth- century Hell's Angels. The red-jacketed young turk, WILL SCARLET, leaps around Robin. WILL SCARLET
23) 53) dialog: Aslan! Aslan makes no move to intervene.
23) 57) text: Atishoo, Atishoo. We all fall down. Beg for mercy, rich man. ROBIN
23) 59) text: Yeah, bollocks, mate. Robin looks up... I mean up! A towering figure. Seven feet of grinning, muscled brute. The giant extends a vice that passes for a hand. Hauls Robin to his feet. His eyes twinkle with merriment. His whole body shakes when he laughs, which is often. JOHN LITTLE
23) 60) text: What are ya, m'old cock? ROBIN
23) 61) text: Er... Robin... He pauses, checking the faces of the angry peasants.
23) 62) dialog: ...Hood.   Robin Hood.   Who are you?
23) 64) dialog: Bestman?   You lead this rabble? WILL SCARLET
23) 66) dialog: Tax?   For what? WILL SCARLET
23) 67) text: For passage through Sherwood. ROBIN
23) 72) text: A man who travels with two servants and claims he's without money, is either a fool or a liar. Grabbing Robin, Little shakes him like a doll. Something CLINKS. Robin's father's medallion. Laughing heartily, Little rips it from Robin's neck and tosses it to Scarlet WILL SCARLET
23) 73) text: And this one is a liar. (he bites the metal) Ahah! Gold! The men cheer.   John snatches the medallion back from Will. ROBIN
23) 75) text: Sacred to us too, mush. This here'll feed us for a bloomin' month. Robin draws his sword. ROBIN
23) 81) text: You must be Robin of Locksley. The blackguard who abandoned us to Nottingham's plundering.
23) 87) dialog: Aslan! Aslan shrugs. Robin swings a fist into the giant's gut. John doesn't flinch. Hoists Robin off the ground with one arm. Cannonballs the other fist into Robin's stomach. Robin folds. WILL SCARLET
23) 89) text: And for the laughs. The woodsmen find this hysterical. They disappear into the tree. Will administers one final kick before leaving. Robin staggers to his feet. Glares furiously at Aslan. ROBIN
23) 94) dialog: That rabble? ASLAN
23) 100) text: Defeat him and they will follow you. ROBIN
23) 102) text: I hear the voice of a spoiled child, Master Robin. I suggest you cease your brave talk of revenge and flee to the north. ROBIN
24) 0) text: A large tree trunk spans a swift-flowing river. The ragged band of woodsmen approach the makeshift bridge. Stop in their tracks. Robin stands on the bridge, brandishing a long wooden staff. ROBIN
24) 2) text: Just bugger off, mate, huh? ROBIN
24) 10) text: Alright, m'old cock. You wanna nuther good wallopin'? His confidence melting, Robin glances back at Duncan and Aslan, who grins like a fan at a boxing match. John storms at Robin. Staffs thrash. Driven back, Robin connects a blow on John's foot. The giant is off-balance. Robin follows up. Lands a couple to the ribs. John responds with heavy swings, which Robin blocks deftly. Back and forth, blow for blow, all blocked. John chuckles with every swing. Enjoying the time of his life. Their staffs lock. It's strength against strength. Robin is no match. With one mighty thrust, John hurtles him into the stream. The woodsmen cheer loudly. Aslan watches impassively. Robin scrambles back onto the bridge.   John waits, grinning. JOHN LITTLE
24) 12) text: Don't fool with him. Get him! John charges. Robin fends him off, gets in some shots of his own. John swings in a giant arc. Robin ducks. John loses balance and falls to his knees. Robin allows him time to right himself. John comes at him again, pummeling. Wood splinters from the impact. Brute force versus agility. Agility is beginning to prevail, when Robin's staff splits in two. JOHN LITTLE
24) 13) text: Swimmin' time again, ol' chum. The coup de grace. Lands heavily. Robin teeters. Falls. Disappears under the foaming water... does not re-emerge. John waits. The spectators rush to the bank. No sign.
24) 17) text: Bloomin' shame. 'E were a brave 'un. Suddenly Robin arcs up out of the water. His hands clamp onto John's ankles. Robin heaves with all his might. John topples headfirst into the water. Surfaces in panic.
24) 19) dialog: Do you yield? The terrified giant sputters. Goes under again, flailing with arms and legs. Robin holds his head just above the surface.
24) 20) dialog: Do you yield?
24) 22) dialog: Good.   Now put your feet down. John struggles, then his feet hit bottom... The water only reaches his chest. JOHN LITTLE
24) 23) text: I'll be buggered. ROBIN
24) 25) text: Robin Hood, ya got balls o' solid rock. He hands Robin back the medallion. Chuckling loudly, he swoops Robin up in his arms and carries him to the bank.
25) 0) text: A BONFIRE CRACKLES. The woodsmen drink, eat, argue, and fight. A rabble. John passes Robin a jug.
25) 5) dialog: (drinks)
25) 14) dialog: You owe me nothing, Wulf. I am glad I chanced by in time to help.
25) 16) dialog: Tell me about your men, John. John points to a short fellow with the build of a tree trunk.
25) 20) text: This stumpy one 'ere's David o' Doncaster. We calls 'im Bull. ROBIN
25) 22) text: 'Cuz o' my size, Sire. ROBIN
25) 25) dialog: No, Bull.    Save it for the ladies. Drunken laughter.    Robin turns to the next man at the fireside. ROBIN
25) 27) text: That be Hal Brownwell, but the lads call i'm Hal Hiccup. The others make hiccup and belching sounds, and crack up at Hal's embarrassment. Hal strikes out angrily at his tormentors. ROBIN
25) 28) text: Hold! Hal, you have the face and hands of a farmer. I wager you are a strong and honest man, and I'd be glad to have you at my side in a fight. The next man who makes light of you will have to answer to me. There is murmuring around the group, but no one elects to try it. ROBIN
25) 33) text: We're outlaws. Got prices on our 'eads, every man jack. Blasted Sheriff says we owes 'im taxes. ROBIN
25) 35) text: We get by, I reckon. ROBIN
25) 37) text: What in bloody blazes'd ya have us do? ROBIN
25) 39) text: We show as much as a toe outside the forest, they'll slaughter us like bleedin' sheep. ROBIN
25) 42) dialog: No.   To lead you. WILL SCARLET
25) 43) text: Ha! I would never be led by the son of a Druid. ROBIN
25) 44) text: There are many here who knew my father to be a kind and generous man. I doubt that in their hearts they believe him capable of such a horror. Murmurs of agreement from around the fire.    Robin turns to Will.
25) 51) text: That there's Will Scarlet. Pay 'im no 'eed. 'E's full o' piss and wind. ROBIN
25) 54) dialog: We can win.   And I believe we will. LITTLE JOHN
25) 55) text: Ya're a daft bugger, Robin Hood, but ya're a brave 'un, I'll give ya that. Drink up, laddie, cuz tomorrow ya mayn't be so lucky! Tomorrow I shall best ya an' crack that blasted noble head in two. Laughing loudly, he throws back his head for a long draught of mead.
26) 0) text: A steady trickle of RAIN drips from leaves onto the nose of the sleeping Saracen. He wakes, cursing. All around him the woodsmen lie on the forest floor, covered with rags and hides coughing and sneezing. A sorry mess. Robin sits, brooding.
26) 5) dialog: English dogs.    They can learn.
26) 8) text: Sunday, I believe. ROBIN
26) 10) text: They do. These days the need for mercy is greater than ever. ROBIN
27) 0) text: Duncan walks alone, with the aid of his staff. Body stooped, clothes ragged, a pathetic figure. Ahead is the main gate to the walled city of Nottingham. Fresh horse manure. A man's hand reaches into it and spreads it over his clothes. And his face -- Robin, dressed as Duncan.
28) 0) text: Robin taps his way through the crowd. Past the piercing stare of the armored GUARD at the gate.
28) 5) text: Do I know you? Robin gazes into space, trying to look blind.   The Guard sniffs his soiled hand. GUARD
28) 6) text: My God, you stink! ROBIN
29) 2) text: Grant him also the strength to bring to justice the lawless men who threaten its safety. Help him to stamp out the curse of the dread Druids who would seize from us our children, even as wolves steal the lambs from their mothers. The rear of the church. Standing crushed together, the poor and afflicted. Old and young. Starving children. Among them, Robin. The sermon ends. As the nobles file out, the poor are galvanized. Begging hands reach out.
29) 8) text: (recognizing him) This is dangerous. ROBIN
29) 10) text: No, for mine. I do not wish to be seen with an outlaw. ROBIN
29) 12) text: He's put a price on your head. ROBIN
29) 14) text: A hundred gold pieces. ROBIN
29) 16) text: For ten thousand I would turn you in myself. (glances back at the Sheriff) Nottingham is mounting an army. ROBIN
29) 21) text: He has rounded up every blacksmith in the county. He has them holed up in the castle making swords and armor. ROBIN
29) 23) text: I don't know, but there's no limit to the man's ambitions. (as Sheriff heads towards them) Go! ROBIN
29) 24) text: If you need me, I will be with the woodsmen. Send for me as 'Robin Hood.'
29) 26) dialog: What?
29) 30) text: You have been meeting with young Robin of Locksley. (as she tries to hide her shock) My cousin tells me the knave deprived you of some horses. MARIAN
29) 35) text: I deeply regret it, and I promise you he will be brought to justice. For subjecting you to such treatment, I will hang him from the walls with his own entrails. That gleam of insanity.   Robin watches from a distance. MARIAN
29) 41) text: (Robin) Alms, my lord. Nottingham makes to shove the man aside. With a swift move, the beggar grabs the Sheriff in a headlock. Slides Nottingham's own dagger to his throat and drags him out of sight.
29) 45) text: A hundred crowns, Sheriff?   You insult me. Nottingham starts to struggle.   Robin draws blood. ROBIN
29) 46) text: Remember young Robin of Locksley, Sheriff? Meet Robin Hood. Your nemesis. Your avenging angel. NOTTINGHAM
29) 47) text: If you kill me, you will hang. ROBIN
29) 49) text: What do you want? ROBIN
29) 51) text: I'm listening. ROBIN
29) 56) text: I am here with a blade at your throat. As long as I live, you will always know that I could be here again. A YELL from across the church. Gisborne has spotted them. Robin digs the knife a little deeper.
29) 60) dialog: Your answer?
29) 62) text: Then it will begin.. Gisborne yells orders.   Robin hurls Nottingham against the wall.
30) 0) text: Robin runs to the courtyard and leaps on the Sheriff's horse, which is held by a stunned groom. He rides through the busy marketplace. A crossbowman tracks him. A sure shot. Marian spots the danger. She fakes being tripped and stumbles into the bowman. His bolt flies harmlessly into the air. MARIAN
30) 1) text: (innocently) Please excuse my clumsiness. Robin charges for the city gate. As he passes, he kicks the guard who hasseled him into the wall.
31) 0) text: Men gather around as Robin dismounts, admiring the horse. ROBIN
31) 2) text: (furious) You should not have left without me, Englishman. ROBIN
31) 4) text: Before I had a choice. ROBIN
31) 9) text: A foolish risk. If you had been killed, I would be cursed for eternity for failing to fulfil my pledge. ROBIN
33) 2) text: You've heard of Robin Hood? FARMER
34) 5) text: Sheriff hasn't left us a bloody pot to piss in. ROBIN
34) 7) text: Brave talk, Locksley. I say we take the rich boy in. Murmurs of general agreement. ROBIN
34) 9) text: He will give us the reward, and our pardons. ROBIN
34) 11) text: Unarmed? ROBIN
35) 0) text: Hands tighten a girth. Will confidently jokes with his cronies. Woodsmen form a primitive circle of spectators. Little John and his wife, Fanny, keep to themselves, while Wulf openly talks with Robin, Aslan and Duncan. Robin is stripped to the waist, his muscled skin ravaged with scars. ASLAN
35) 3) text: Will is ruthless, Robin.    Guard your back. ROBIN
35) 4) text: I am grateful for your concern, friends, but I have to prove to them it is possible to overcome unequal odds. (shouts) I am ready, Will. Will bends, as if checking the horse's legs. Secretly grabs a handful of sand. Swings into the saddle and digs in his heels. Closing in, Will flings the sand in Robin's eyes. Robin clutches his hands to his face, blinded. Will spins back to the attack. His sword slashes. Reacting to the sound, Robin rolls aside. The men cheer like a big fight crowd. Robin's POV is blurred. Ducking the blade, he grabs Will's arm. A blow glances off his shoulder. Robin falls to his knees, still blinded. Will rides right at him, to trample him. Robin scrambles away. Will wheels his horse. A flashing hoof grazes Robin's chest. Robin leaps to his feet and yells at the top of his lungs. Panicked, the HORSE rears, WHINNYING wildly. Will struggles to stay in the saddle. Loses his sword. Robin seizes the moment and runs to a water trough. Douses his face. Yells at Will.
35) 8) text: Come on, you little piss pot. Do your worst! Will grabs a spear from a bystander. Robin stands his ground. Will lunges, Robin sidesteps. ROBIN
35) 9) text: The horse is smarter than you are, Will. Some of the men laugh. Will is incensed. Robin ducks and weaves, easily evading Will's repeated charges. Robin ducks right under the horse's belly.
35) 10) dialog: Here, Will!   You aim like a girl, Will! Will stabs wildly, more and more frustrated. Laughter spreads, as Robin plays hide and seek around the horse's legs. Grabbing the end of the spear, he clowns a tug of war. Enraged, Will strains and tries to kick Robin away. Suddenly, Robin lets go. Unbalanced, Will flies back- wards off his mount. Robin snatches the spear and raises it over his fallen adversary. The crowd falls silent. Robin strikes. The point quivers in the ground below Will's crotch. Will wriggles in terror. Impaled, his pants rip open. ROBIN
35) 11) text: Thank the Lord you are not endowed like Bull. The crowd is convulsed with laughter. Robin catches his breath. Does not see Will, who grabs a heavy staff and runs at him. A strong hand grasps Will's arm as he is about to strike. LITTLE JOHN
35) 13) text: Ya got us by the short and curlies, Robin Hood. Now let's hear what ya got to bleedin' say.
35) 17) dialog: Nottingham has taken from us everything we own. Now we are going to start taking from him.
35) 19) dialog: We are going to tax him.
36) 2) dialog: How many?
36) 4) dialog: Twenty?   They usually have five. He grabs the telescope.
36) 7) dialog: This is no ordinary convoy. Bull calls up from below, where a ragged group of woods- men lies nervously in ambush.
36) 14) dialog: Let's go. Together they run down the hill, keeping low. Gisborne eyes the forest. The beer cart is steered by a fat red-faced FRIAR, raucously singing hymns and quaffing from a jug, which he repeatedly dips into one of the barrels. ARROWS WHISTLE in. The Friar yells and drops his jug. A soldier is hit. At the forest edge, four woodsmen reload their longbows. Dressed in green, their faces camouflaged. The mounted soldiers charge them. The  woodsmen run into the trees. As the horsemen close in,  the runners leap into a trench. Lift up matted screens  of brush and grass. It's as if they disappeared.   The soldiers slash wildly at the thick screens. More arrows fly. More soldiers fall. The others spin in confusion, trying to discern the enemy. More woods- men break from cover. Run down a narrow path. Gisborne urges his men to pursue. They ride in single file, beating their way through the tangled branches. The runners dive into the trees, as other men haul on ropes, raising a giant screen in the soldiers' path. The horses swerve, on the edge of a twenty-foot drop to the river gorge. Momentum  carries many of them over the cliff.
37) 0) text: Robin climbs onto the tax wagon's roof.     Angry shouts from inside. ROBIN
37) 1) text: Surrender your weapons. I give you my word you shall go free. In answer, a swordblade jabs up through the roof, near his feet. ROBIN
37) 5) text: (awestruck) I'll be buggered. ROBIN
37) 7) dialog: Get off him.   He's a man of the cloth. Robin drags the men off. The Friar clambers to his feet. Around him are strewn battered and winded woodsmen.
37) 11) text: The Lord's blessing on you, kind sir. These sinners were attempting to steal these libations destined for the monks of St. Catherine's. He indicates his cargo of barrels. ROBIN
37) 13) text: A thousand pardons, sir, but duty beckons. I must hasten on. ROBIN
37) 17) text: Lord bless me, sir, are these your men? I had mistook them for common thieves. Kindly step aside. ROBIN
37) 19) text: Well, sir, if you wish them to share in the good Lord's brew... Casually reaching under the seat, he pulls out a club. Smites Robin with it.
37) 23) text: ... you must best me for it. Robin staggers. The Friar whips up the horse. Dazed, Robin grabs for the fat man's leg. Gets a holy sandal full in the face.
37) 26) text: Protect me, Lord. He sweeps his foot, knocking Robin's legs out from under him. Hurls his full body weight on top of him. Whooomf!
37) 29) dialog: Never!   Whoomf!
37) 35) text: Yield to Robin Hood. Tuck holds up a hand in surrender.    Robin eases off. FRIAR
37) 36) text: (feeling his head) Thank you, Lord, for teaching me humility. ROBIN
37) 38) text: I'd rather roast in hell. He punches Robin in the gut.
37) 41) text: Giddyup, Friar. He flicks the reins, steering the cart into camp. Women and children rush to greet their men. Jeer the roped soldier-prisoners. The Friar checks out his flock. A woman curtsies, another crosses herself, children touch his robe in wonder. ROBIN
38) 0) text: A blazing fire. Deer carcasses roast. Tuck's barrels supply the refreshment. Robin and Aslan pass out coins to each family. ROBIN
38) 2) text: Thankee, Robin. Little John and Bull approach. John indicates the two prisoners roped to a nearby tree. LITTLE JOHN
38) 9) text: Spare your breath. I know nothing. ROBIN
38) 14) text: And when he gets like this, he's very hard to reason with. With a hair-raising war cry, Aslan   leaps INTO VIEW. Stripped to the waist, brandishing   his scimitar. The Captain tries to back away. Robin    tries to restrain Aslan, is hurled aside. Snarling,    drooling at the mout Aslan explores the Captain's body   with his hands. A butcher checking meat. ROBIN
38) 16) text: (rising terror) What does he want? ROBIN
38) 18) text: For Godsakes, get him off me! ROBIN
38) 20) text: (urgent) No, Robin, no! They be God-fearin' men. ROBIN
38) 26) text: What does he say? ROBIN
39) 1) text: Sure changed the color of 'is britches, didn't 'e? ROBIN
39) 4) text: Why'd the Sheriff be sendin' gold north o' the border? ROBIN
39) 10) text: What does 'e want wi 'em? ROBIN
40) 9) text: Robin Hood? GISBORNE
40) 11) text: Robin Hood. He places a hand reassuringly on his cousin's shoulder. NOTTINGHAM
41) 2) text: An' Go' bless Robin 'Ood, friar. They says as 'ow none o' the Sheriff's cronies dare go within miles o' Sherwood for fear o' havin' their pockets pinched. FRIAR
41) 4) text: Unless Robin Hood takes it first!
42) 0) text: Water, sparkling with sunlight. Bursts, as Robin dives in naked. He luxuriates in the cool water... HOOFBEATS. He attempts to hide... too late. Four horses emerge from the trees. Bull and Hal, with Marian and her servant Sarah sandwiched between them. Bull has a black eye. Marian jumps down. MARIAN
42) 1) text: (to Robin) How dare you! ROBIN
42) 3) text: You send men to drag me from my home in the middle of the night, like some slave girl? Is this the way the famous Robin Hood treats a lady? ROBIN
42) 5) text: I demand an explanation right now! ROBIN
42) 8) dialog: As you wish.
42) 12) text: How dare you expose yourself to me?! She slugs him. Robin stumbles backwards into the water. Bull grins, gesturing to Sarah and pointing to his own black eye. BULL
43) 2) text: Take a gander at this 'un, mates. Never seen nuthin' like it in my bloomin' life. Robin leads Marian through the camp... the beginnings of a village -- women doing laundry, kids playing, men prac- ticing archery and swordplay, others working on defenses, camouflaging a giant pit. Marian is impressed, but not about to admit it. MARIAN
43) 3) text: This better be damned important. Robin leads her into a hut. Inside is a trove of cap- tured loot -- purses, jewelry, weaponry, fancy coats and... the treasure chest. At Robin's nod, Bull throws back the lid. Marian is speechless. ROBIN
43) 9) dialog: Somebody has to take a stand.
43) 12) dialog: Nottingham was sending this gold to buy reinforcements from the Celtic tribesmen. We need to warn King Richard.
43) 14) dialog: The King is not in England to be challenged, is he? While he is away, he may lose his country. (Marian masks her concern)
43) 23) text: Hah! I have endured more hardship in my lifetime than any man here. Robin laughs and speaks to Marian in a stage whisper. ROBIN
43) 25) text: Duncan, you are most welcome. Taking the lead rein from Duncan's horse, she rides away. ROBIN
46) 0) text: An informal council of war.   Robin uses a stick in the dirt. ROBIN
47) 5) text: I am doing all I can. Aslan appears in the doorway, with Robin. Whips back the blanket. Fanny's chest is covered with black squirming creatures. ASLAN
47) 10) text: Fool, both the Bible and the Koran instruct us to preserve life. Tuck raises an arm to strike Aslan. Robin blocks the blow. Aslan gently touches the mother's stomach.
47) 18) text: If you do not listen to me, she will certainly die. And the child, too. Fanny cries out.   John looks to Robin, pleading for advice. ROBIN
47) 22) text: Bring me a needle, thread, water, a skinning knife, and burning ashes. Wulf runs to obey. John looks horrified. Robin eases him outside, then returns to Aslan's side. They whisper.
47) 26) dialog: What are you going to do?
47) 28) dialog: The knife?
47) 32) dialog: Now you tell me! Wulf runs back in.     Aslan holds up a piece of wood.
47) 37) dialog: Is she gone?
47) 43) text: Your son, my lady... Robin, hold her skin together while I sew her up. He picks up the needle and thread.   Robin's eyes turn to the woman's abdomen... He faints.
51) 6) text: Welcome, sir. We were discussing how to rid ourselves of those very men. The outlaws who band with Robin Hood. REDHEAD BARON
52) 0) text: The campfire. Aslan shrieks a war cry.   Dervishes 'round the fire, swigging from a jug. Equally  drunk, the Friar follows, howling, mimicking him. Robin  and the others watch in amusement. Tuck scoops another  jug and hands it to Aslan. FRIAR
52) 3) text: Come, holy man. A toast to all of Allah's children. The true believers and the fat infidels. Tuck laughs and drinks. Aslan sways and topples at the Friar's feet. Heaves up all over the holy sandals. Tuck looks at Robin.
54) 0) text: The Friar and the Saracen lie head to head on the dewey grass. Tuck  snores. Robin shakes Aslan, who grabs for his weapon.  The hangover hits him like a mallet. He clutches his temples. ROBIN
54) 2) text: (wincing) If it was Jehovah who created this brew, he is truly wise. He built the punishment into the crime. An ARROW WHISTLES into a tree.    Robin reacts. ROBIN
55) 0) text: Bull and Hal are crouched in the roadway, over a body. Robin runs up with Aslan. He kneels beside them. The body is Duncan. Robin clasps a dead hand... Silence. Fighting his emotions. BULL
55) 1) text: A bloke wearin' a mask o' the Druids rode by. Tossed 'im down. ROBIN
55) 7) text: We will go there. ROBIN
55) 9) text: You forget yourself.   I am not your servant. ROBIN
55) 11) text: (considers) Take my eyes, then. He hands Robin his telescope.
56) 0) text: SQUAWKING ominously, CROWS burst from the trees. Robin rides up the path to the caves that his father took. Checks the ground. Horse tracks. He dismounts, moves cautiously forward.
57) 0) text: Robin's eyes  -- he wakes. Squints around him, the dark smoke-filled  recesses of the caves. The walls weave. Eerie WATERY  sounds, like the CRIES of drowning men. He tries to  stand. VOICE (O.S.)
57) 1) text: Robin!... Robin! A figure in a flowing white robe. Angelic. Floating towards him... Marian. He tries to speak her name. Reaches out his hand. MARIAN
57) 2) text: Death is not to be feared, Robin. Embrace it. Her LAUGH ECHOES around the cave, as if hundreds of lost souls are laughing with her. Robin crawls away, cover- ing his ears. Marian lifts his face to hers.
57) 6) dialog: Why, Marian?
57) 10) text: Because you love me. Say it. You love me. (as Robin struggles) Say it! ROBIN
57) 12) text: Kiss me. He gives himself to her. Their lips meet... something changes in his vision. Her eyes glow red. Her face starts to shrivel -- He is kissing the wrinkled lips of Mortianna. He pulls away... strong arms grab him. He shakes his head, trying to make sense. Through his BLURRED vision, we see he is surrounded by masked men. ROBIN
57) 14) text: She is with friends. (cackles) Your resistence is strong, but useless. Sign this. (as quill is forced into his hand) You are a Druid like your father. You consort with the devil. Your confession will be witnessed by the Bishop of Hereford. A guard forces Robin's hand across the page... then cries out, clutching his back... An arrow lodged be- tween his shoulders. In the cave mouth are Wulf, bow in hand, Bull kneeling beside Sarah's corpse, and Aslan. MORTIANNA
58) 0) text: Aslan carries Robin outside. Robin is staggering, glassy-eyed, mumbling incoherently. His arm blocks the light from his eyes. ASLAN
58) 1) text: They have poisoned you. There are herbs that can alter a man's brain. I know of only one cure. He drops to one knee, slams Robin violently across the other. Slaps him on the back and forces his fingers down his throat.
58) 5) text: It worked for me this very morning. (as Robin heaves) You will thank me for this later.
59) 0) text: Distant THUNDER. Three horses. First Wulf's, leading another with the bodies of Bull and Sarah draped across its back. Aslan rides the third, with Robin propped up in front of him. ROBIN
59) 2) text: Your gratitude warms my heart. ROBIN
59) 4) text: It is fortunate that I did. ROBIN
59) 6) text: He urged me to bring him. He was a brave man and I grieve for him. Praise be to Allah that I do not grieve for you also. Or for my broken vow. ROBIN
59) 9) dialog: The forest!   Ride!
64) 0) text: Aslan reins in. In the valley below, the forest is ablaze. The Sheriff's armed hordes swarm over the em- battled woodsmen. ROBIN
64) 1) text: Wulf, stay here. I need your horse. He climbs onto Wulf's horse, steers it right at the heart of the enemy... Aslan blocks his way, grabbing his reins. ROBIN
64) 3) text: I saved your life. I will not let you give it away for no purpose. ROBIN
65) 8) text: Git the bleedin' 'ell outa there, ya li'l bugger. Distracted, he doesn't see a Celt swing at his back... but Wulf's arrow pierces the man's adam's apple. He freezes in mid-air, before toppling at John's feet. When John turns back, Wulf is being dragged away by three of the Sherrif's men. He attempts to pursue, but is intercepted by two more Celts... and struck down. Aslan charges between the two Celts. Slashes down with both swords. Both men topple to the ground simultaneously. Suddenly all is quiet.    The smoking clearing is a mass of fallen bodies. Only    four men seem to be alive. Robin, Aslan, Tuck, who   is slouched against a tree gasping for breath, and   Hal, who kneels clutching his wounded shoulder. Robin dismounts and runs to Little John. Overwhelmed and exhausted, he slumps over the giant's unmoving form. LITTLE JOHN
65) 9) text: Don't 'ee start bleedin' blubberin', or ya'll make me bloody vomit. Robin manages a relieved smile. Aslan strides over. All around them lie slain Celts and woodsmen. ASLAN
66) 0) text: A shovel breaks dirt. Beyond exhaustion, Robin digs a grave. The clearing is transformed into a cemetery. Tuck blesses the bodies of Bull and Sarah. Aslan drags a Celt's corpse into a grave. Throws the man's armor and weapons into a growing pile.
66) 5) text: This war is the God of Abraham against the forces of evil. ROBIN
66) 6) text: Well, the war is over. He stares across the desolate clearing. ROBIN
67) 10) text: You will all be tortured. You will all tell me all you know about Robin Hood, and then you will all be hanged. Then we will catch your beloved Robin Hood and do the same to him. WILL SCARLET
68) 0) text: A winter's night. Bitterly    cold.  Sad figures huddled around a small fire. Fanny    tends to John's wounds, the little ones asleep by their   feet.  John drinks and pass the jug to Tuck, who numbly   shakes his head. Too depressed even to drink. Aslan folds his prayer rug and walks over to Robin, who sits alone, staring vacantly into the darkness. ROBIN
68) 2) text: No, friend. It was you who gave these men pride. ROBIN
68) 6) text: That is for me to decide. ROBIN
68) 7) text: (raging) Damn you, Arab. I want you out of my life. Can't you understand that? Go home. Go back to your own kind. Aslan stares at him, then turns away. Not the time for argument. Robin fingers his father's medallion... rips it from his neck.
68) 16) text: Kiss me, Robin. The noose tightens on her neck. As she dies, her face shrivels into the cackling features of Mortianna. Next, Robin's father.   He stares accusingly right AT us. LOCKSLEY
68) 17) text: Why have you betrayed me?   Why? Before he pulls the rope, the executioner peels back his hood... It is Robin. Gloating, he hauls on the rope. His laughter blends with that of Mortianna in a hideous cacophony.
68) 23) dialog: Will!    I thought you were taken.
68) 27) dialog: And will you? Before Will can answer, Little John runs up.     Grabs Will's throat. LITTLE JOHN
68) 32) dialog: John, wait.    Let us hear what he has to say. LITTLE JOHN
68) 40) text: Let's sss... string 'im up. ROBIN
68) 51) text: Robin Hood! Robin Hood! Robin Hood! (chuckles) May as well be hung for a sheep as a lamb. WILL SCARLET
68) 53) text: Marriage, eh? What lucky wench gits to play with the Sheriff's codpiece? Will turns his gaze directly on Robin.
68) 56) text: Aye, and then with King Richard gone, he takes the bloody throne. Everyone reacts with shock.     Only Robin appears unsur- prised. ROBIN
68) 58) text: (sly grin) Not straightway, of course. ROBIN
68) 61) dialog: How so? WILL SCARLET
68) 66) text: Will ya stay and keep us fightin' till every man jack of us is dead? Or will you run like the spoiled little rich boy I always took you for? ROBIN
68) 68) text: If you run, I will kill you. ROBIN
68) 69) text: And if I stay, will you all stay with me? Robin checks the other faces. ASLAN
68) 73) text: 'E's in. We're all bloody in. Daft buggers. ROBIN
71) 7) dialog: Will it work? Aslan throws a handful of powder into the firel A fire- ball rips ten feet in the air... Tuck falls on his ass in terror. ROBIN
71) 9) text: There is no such thing. But if there was... (chuckles) ... I would surely be one. Robin reaches out and shakes Aslan's hand. A moment of bonding. He moves on to the others, clasping each man's hand as he speaks. ROBIN
71) 10) text: We have no armored knights, no glorious banners. But I am honored to be going to battle in this company. Today we fight not just for the lives of our friends, but to save all England. A moment of tension before Will takes the proferred hand. ROBIN
71) 14) text: Them's safe, wi' my mother. (pushes past Little John) Robin, I been to town an' seen the scaffold and the guard towers. LITTLE JOHN
71) 20) text: Ya should be bloody well mindin' the other seven. Tell 'er, Rob. Robin starts to draw a diagram on the ground with a stick. ROBIN
76) 1) text: Sheriff! My Lord Sheriff! I have word for you! Of Robin Hood! Nottingham shouts to one of his mounted guards, who rides over, grabs Will by the collar, and drags him to his side. NOTTINGHAM
81) 3) text: This man claims you have outlaws concealed in these barrels. Among them the cursed Robin Hood. Tuck glares at Will with unconcealed hatred. FRIAR
85) 0) text: The scaffold is impregnable. Celts and their Chieftain guard the platform itself. The Sherriff's men surround the base. The executioner encircles Wulf's neck with the noose. SPARKS! Tuck ignites a fuse-cord leading to one of the barrels. A hand tightens the noose... Another grasps an arrow. The executioner's eyes glint through the slits. Nottingham intently watches Wulf. The Chieftain stands, impassive. Fingers close on a bowstring... the fuse-cord burns. Wulf steps to the trap, ready to plunge.   His eyes close An arrow flies... slices through the executioner's eye slit. The executioner falls. Little John celebrates... but the Chieftain leaps forward... releases the trap. Wulf's body plunges.   The rope snaps tight. Little John yells.   Fanny screams. A figure leaps onto the platform... the wounded soldier throws aside his crutch... Robin! Wulf dangles, strangling.   His hands wrench at the choking cord.
85) 23) text: Here's another message to Robin Hood, written in your blood. He drives his sword repeatedly, insanely, into Will's belly. WILL SCARLET
85) 24) text: It's over, fool. You can kill my body, but you cannot kill our spirit. He finally drops... Nottingham heads for the castle. Robin attempts to follow. He swings from the noose, using the rope to vault over the surrounding soldiers. As he lands, he is waylaid by one of the barons and his men.
85) 28) text: Englishmen! I am not one of you, yet I fight for you. Against a tyrant. Join me now. Join Robin Hood. The onlookers are inspired. Grabbing weapons from fallen soldiers, many join the fray.
85) 33) text: Too slow, fool! He hacks at the ropes. The gate slices down like a guillotine, pinning soldiers and peasants alike. Fighting his way towards the gate, Robin sees   with dism that the portcullis is closed. Weakening, he    staves of the redhead baron's vicious assault. Suddenly    peasants are swarming over his attacker. The baron is    dragged o and trampled down.
85) 34) dialog: Friends!   We must raise the gate.
87) 0) text: Robin and the others try in vain to lift the portcullis.
91) 0) text: Robin leaps onto Tuck's cart. ROBIN
91) 5) text: Jump! Tuck jumps. Robin steers the wagon at the gate. At the last second, he slashes the reins and leaps onto the horse's back... The BARRELS EXPLODE! The portcullis is blown to kingdom come. Out of the smoke, Robin rides the old nag like a charger. Leads his cheering, ragged fighters through the open gate
94) 0) text: A door SLAMS back. Robin bursts through. Alone, against three attackers. He swings a soldier around. Holds him as a shield, using the man's own sword against his companions. In seconds, all three are down and Robin is off and running. Down corridors, searching. Soldiers and armed servants converge to block his way. Robin strikes, vaults, flings statues. Up the stairs... topples a suit of armor down on his pursuers. ROBIN
94) 5) dialog: Ah!   There is my answer. He hurls the man aside... The armed guards charge him.
96) 1) text: ...your bodies to be bound in immortal wedlock. Do you, Marian Dubois, take... The chapel DOORS SHATTER inward. Robin backs in, bloodied, fencing with four remaining soldiers. He smashes one by swinging the heavy door into him, hurtles a pew at another. He springs off another pew, taking down a third.
96) 2) dialog: Marian, run!   It's me, Robin. Run! Marian remains immobile. Mortianna moves to her side. Robin is struck in the thigh. Like a vulture, the Sheriff waits. Tiring, blood pouring from his leg, Robin prepares to fight him.
96) 7) text: No companions? No army? You rush to your death for the sake of a woman. Lust has turned you into a fool... Recognize this, Locksley? He raises his sword to reveal its handle. A crucifix sculpted into the hilt... Robin's father's sword. NOTTINGHAM
96) 8) text: Appropriate I should use it to kill you with, don't you think? He lunges. A savage, accomplished swordsman, with fire in his eyes. Exhausted, Robin is driven back, parrying desperately.
102) 0) text: Nottingham slashes maniacally.   Robin is cornered, weakening. NOTTINGHAM
102) 1) text: You should have stayed away, Locksley. Fools like you never learn. A blow slices Robin's arm. His sword flies from his grasp. Nottingham gloats. Two of his men scramble back to their feet. Robin is beat... a war cry! Aslan, followed by Tuck.
102) 4) text: (seeing Aslan) Agh... the painted one! Nottingham glances over... a split-second opportunity!... Robin lashes out. Kicks the Sheriff in the gut, chops down his sword hand. His father's sword clatters to the floor. Whirling swords in each hand, Aslan attacks the other men. Robin pile-drives Nottingham into the wall.
102) 10) text: Blasphemer! You accuse innocent men of Druid worship while you practice the black arts yourself. The Bishop surreptitiously draws a dagger from his robes. A taloned hand grips a spear... Mortianna creeps up on Aslan. ROBIN
102) 11) text: (glimpsing her) Watch out! Aslan spins... too late. Screeching, Mortianna drives the spear into Aslan's side. He cries out and slides to the floor. Nottingham uses Robin's distraction to regain his sword. Back on the defensive, Robin tries to evade the blows. Mortianna drags Marian out onto a balcony. Robin cannot pursue. In acute pain, Aslan struggles to his feet. Grasping the spear where it enters his side, he pulls wit all his strength. The Bishop, concealed dagger in hand, approaches Tuck. BISHOP
104) 0) text: Sword raised, Nottingham has Robin backed against the altar.
104) 2) dialog: This is for my father. He drives the sword down, like a stake, right through Nottingham's heart. The man shudders, and is still. Robin stands over him. Drained. Tuck rushes outside. Kneels at Aslan's side. Robin spots Marian swaying on the edge of the steep parapet.
105) 0) text: Robin grabs Marian, pulling her back. Carefully lifts her face. Her lifeless eyes suddenly flash. She lashes out. A spitfire.
106) 0) text: Robin emerges from the castle. Draped over his shoulder, Marian is kicking and beating at him. He reaches the fountain in the center of the square and tosses her into the freezing water. She leaps to her feet, yelling. Slips and tumbles back. Water streams from her bridal gown. A crowd gathers, enjoying the show.
106) 2) text: How dare you?! Robin grins at the crowd. ROBIN
106) 3) text: I think she's feeling better. Marian looks about her... the chaotic aftermath of battle. Reality gradually sinks in. She folds against Robin's chest. Little John arrives, his huge arms enfolding Wulf and Fanny. LITTLE JOHN
106) 6) dialog: It will mend. He spots a group kneeling beside the fallen body of Aslan. His smile fades. He runs over. Cradles Aslan's head. ROBIN
106) 11) text: I'm going home the easy way, Robin. FRIAR
106) 16) text: See. There's life in the heathen dog yet. ROBIN
106) 17) text: (laughs) Here, Tuck. Look after him.    You deserve each other. Robin stands, Marian joins him. Around them cheering grows, till the whole crowd is in unison.
107) 5) text: You may kiss the bride. The husband draws back the bride's veil.    Robin and Marian. They kiss... long. FRIAR
107) 6) text: (whispers) Hurry. We waste good celebration time. They break   the embrace, turn to the congregation and start down   the aisle. They pause at the front pew, where KING   RICHARD and members of his court are sitting Robin bows,   Marian curtsies. KING RICHARD
107) 7) text: May I kiss the bride? ROBIN
107) 9) text: (kissing Marian's cheek) You look radiant, cousin. ROBIN
107) 11) text: It is I who am honored, Lord Locksley. Thanks to you I still have a throne. They continue down the aisle, past the smiling congre- gation. Waiting by the door is Aslan. He and Robin embrace. ASLAN
107) 12) text: (whispers) My friend, a word of advice... Ride her better than your horse. Robin laughs.
108) 0) text: WEDDING BELLS PEAL. Robin and Marian step out into the sunlight. The crowd cheers. At a signal from Little John, the ex-outlaws shoot flaming arrows into the sky... FIREWORKS...