5) 0) text: Robin's head appears... ducks back down, as a squad of mounted soldiers thunders right over him... he reappears. All clear. They're outside the prison wall. Robin helps Peter up.
11) 0) text: CRASH! An armored foot splinters the door of a farmer's hovel. Children scream and run. A soldier clubs at them, laughing. Outside. More soldiers. Some on horses, others on foot, with leashed hounds. Pillaging. Vandalizing. Searching. GUY GISBORNE: An impressive figure on horseback. Strikingly handsome -- except that one of his ears is missing. We recognize his face from the Druid ceremony. He coldly addresses a pregnant woman with a child in her arms, FANNY.
11) 4) dialog: (emerging from the hut) He's not here, sir. None but the woman and children.
22) 37) dialog: A kiss for me, Saxon bitch.
23) 22) text: Come, Robin! He is trying to anger you into a trap. A shaft pierces the flank of Robin's horse. It rears in fright. Robin clings on. Six soldiers, the men Gisborne split off, are climbing the embankment towards him. Robin regains control. Rides right at them. Scatters them, and takes off again. Gisborne yells at his men to follow. Robin and Aslan ride flat out. Open land turns to scrub. Seeing no followers, Robin pulls up and dismounts.
23) 27) text: The soldiers are close!
23) 40) text: Come on, damn you! There are only three of them. SOLDIER
23) 79) text: This man is your father? Tell him how I saved your hide from the Sheriff's soldiers. That deserves some gratitude, I believe. He reaches for the medallion.    John pulls it away. JOHN LITTLE
33) 0) text: A SQUEALING HOG is loaded onto a wagon. SOLDIERS round up the livestock. An old FARMER protests. FARMER
33) 1) text: Go' bless ya, sir. Leave us the sow. She's with young 'uns. The next litter'll feed us through the winter. SOLDIER
33) 3) text: Yes, sir. The Soldier brutally kicks the old man to the ground. SOLDIER
36) 5) text: A phalanx of   mounted soldiers, a cart loaded with barrels, and   a tax wagon. The wagon is an armored box o wheels, with   crossbow slits in the side. Guy of Gisborn commands the   escort.
37) 14) text: (grabbing the bridle) A moment, my reverend friend. You travel with poor company when you travel with Nottingham's soldiers.
37) 41) text: Giddyup, Friar. He flicks the reins, steering the cart into camp. Women and children rush to greet their men. Jeer the roped soldier-prisoners. The Friar checks out his flock. A woman curtsies, another crosses herself, children touch his robe in wonder. ROBIN
38) 19) text: (very deliberately) No, Aslan... not this one, Aslan. ... How about this other one?... Fatter, yes... more meat. The other soldier, who definitely  has more flesh on the bone, is struck dumb with horror,  as Aslan turns his attention to him. With one swing   of his sword, Aslan slices through the man's ropes.   Drags him to his feet. Little John runs over. LITTLE JOHN
46) 1) text: We have to be ready to move camp at any time. The only way we can be attacked is from the Nottingham Road. We hide lookouts in the trees, here and here. If they see soldiers, they shoot warning arrows. Whistles by day, fire by night. Wulf runs up to Little John in panic.
50) 1) text: Off, Nicodemus. Go find mice. She sighs with relief... is grabbed from behind.   A masked SOLDIER.
50) 5) text: We meet again. He reveals a large scar on his wrist -- removes his mask -- the man who attacked her earlier. He prods her with his sword. SOLDIER
50) 7) text: You are still overmatched, soldier. She drops the sword. He hurls her against the table. Lays his blade against her chest. SOLDIER
50) 8) text: You owe me favors, wench. Bare your breasts... or I will do it for you. Resignedly, she raises a hand to loosen the string on her dress. With the other hand she reaches behind her, grabs a pepper bowl. Flips the contents into his face. Screaming, he grabs his  face. She reaches for her dagger. He slashes with   his sword. She backs to the fireplace, grabs a spit  of roasted chickens... drives the point clean through  his chest. He stares in shock at his own blood pouring from the cooked fowls pinned to his breast... FOOTSTEPS... masked soldiers converge from both sides of the house, dragging the servants. Duncan  is shoved through the door. DUNCAN
53) 0) text: A masked soldier gallops along.    Hurls a bundle to the ground.
75) 0) text: Masses stream in. They give wide berth to a Celtic war- rior in a boar's head helmet. Soldiers prod and harness the passing peasants. Tuck drives a cartload of barrels. A GUARD stops him. GUARD
76) 0) text: Wulf blinks at the sunlight as the prisoners are led out. Holds his head high. Soldiers hurl abuse, the people are too cowed to show support. Fanny glances at her son, crosses herself and scurries into the castle, unnoticed. On horseback, encircled by guards, the Sheriff and his baron cronies watch the outlaws progress with cruel amusement. A  yell attracts Nottingham. Will is being shoved back by guards. WILL SCARLET
76) 18) text: The reward! The parade of prisoners reaches them. Seeing Will, Wulf charges at him, screaming in blind rage. Soldiers grab Wulf. Throw him down, kicking and beating. Voices in the crowd plead to let him be. Someone tries to intervene, gets hurled down. NOTTINGHAM
83) 0) text: Wulf crosses himself as the executioner steers him to the noose. A hush falls... except for a rotund old woman who is barging to the front. And a WOUNDED SOLDIER, his head bandaged, who eases her path, striking out with his tree- branch crutch. WOUNDED SOLDIER
85) 0) text: The scaffold is impregnable. Celts and their Chieftain guard the platform itself. The Sherriff's men surround the base. The executioner encircles Wulf's neck with the noose. SPARKS! Tuck ignites a fuse-cord leading to one of the barrels. A hand tightens the noose... Another grasps an arrow. The executioner's eyes glint through the slits. Nottingham intently watches Wulf. The Chieftain stands, impassive. Fingers close on a bowstring... the fuse-cord burns. Wulf steps to the trap, ready to plunge.   His eyes close An arrow flies... slices through the executioner's eye slit. The executioner falls. Little John celebrates... but the Chieftain leaps forward... releases the trap. Wulf's body plunges.   The rope snaps tight. Little John yells.   Fanny screams. A figure leaps onto the platform... the wounded soldier throws aside his crutch... Robin! Wulf dangles, strangling.   His hands wrench at the choking cord.
85) 24) text: It's over, fool. You can kill my body, but you cannot kill our spirit. He finally drops... Nottingham heads for the castle. Robin attempts to follow. He swings from the noose, using the rope to vault over the surrounding soldiers. As he lands, he is waylaid by one of the barons and his men.
85) 28) text: Englishmen! I am not one of you, yet I fight for you. Against a tyrant. Join me now. Join Robin Hood. The onlookers are inspired. Grabbing weapons from fallen soldiers, many join the fray.
85) 33) text: Too slow, fool! He hacks at the ropes. The gate slices down like a guillotine, pinning soldiers and peasants alike. Fighting his way towards the gate, Robin sees   with dism that the portcullis is closed. Weakening, he    staves of the redhead baron's vicious assault. Suddenly    peasants are swarming over his attacker. The baron is    dragged o and trampled down.
86) 1) text: Come on, ya ckicken-'earted buggers. Ya milksops, ya bleedin' pansies. He can't shoot fast enough. As they descend on him, he leaps from the battlements onto a soldier's back. Grabs his sword. LITTLE JOHN
92) 0) text: Fanny is chased into the kitchens by a vengeful soldier. He grabs her and pushes her into the open cooking fire. Desperate, she grabs a poker and smashes him over the head. The servants stare in shock... A chef comes at Fanny with a knife.
94) 0) text: A door SLAMS back. Robin bursts through. Alone, against three attackers. He swings a soldier around. Holds him as a shield, using the man's own sword against his companions. In seconds, all three are down and Robin is off and running. Down corridors, searching. Soldiers and armed servants converge to block his way. Robin strikes, vaults, flings statues. Up the stairs... topples a suit of armor down on his pursuers. ROBIN
96) 1) text: ...your bodies to be bound in immortal wedlock. Do you, Marian Dubois, take... The chapel DOORS SHATTER inward. Robin backs in, bloodied, fencing with four remaining soldiers. He smashes one by swinging the heavy door into him, hurtles a pew at another. He springs off another pew, taking down a third.
99) 0) text: A crossbow bolt strikes Hal between his shoulder blades. He falls. The Sheriff's soldiers are regaining the advantage. The peasants are giving up, dropping their weapons.