11) 15) dialog: Like a wolf protects sheep.
11) 18) dialog: My mother lies to protect me.
23) 78) dialog: Wait, father!    I know him. ROBIN
25) 13) dialog: I wanna thankee, Lord Locksley. I owes ya m'life.
35) 0) text: Hands tighten a girth. Will confidently jokes with his cronies. Woodsmen form a primitive circle of spectators. Little John and his wife, Fanny, keep to themselves, while Wulf openly talks with Robin, Aslan and Duncan. Robin is stripped to the waist, his muscled skin ravaged with scars. ASLAN
35) 2) text: And you have given him the means. WULF
41) 0) text: A small procession. Tuck drives his cart, Bull the tax wagon. Both vehicles laden with supplies. Wulf and Hal pass out flour, chickens, blankets, clothing to the villagers. Their weapons are prominently displayed. Tuck swigs from a jar, passes it to an old villager. FRIAR
43) 1) text: (to Wulf) Right m'lad. Let's see how close you can git to that bugger. Wulf takes aim. His arrow slices clear through his father's arrow, splitting it in two. Little John slaps Wulf on the back and beckons everyone over. LITTLE JOHN
46) 1) text: We have to be ready to move camp at any time. The only way we can be attacked is from the Nottingham Road. We hide lookouts in the trees, here and here. If they see soldiers, they shoot warning arrows. Whistles by day, fire by night. Wulf runs up to Little John in panic.
46) 2) dialog: Father!   Come quick.   Mother's dying.
47) 21) text: Then it will be on your head. I have warned you. He storms out.   All business, Aslan speaks to Wulf. ASLAN
47) 22) text: Bring me a needle, thread, water, a skinning knife, and burning ashes. Wulf runs to obey. John looks horrified. Robin eases him outside, then returns to Aslan's side. They whisper.
57) 14) text: She is with friends. (cackles) Your resistence is strong, but useless. Sign this. (as quill is forced into his hand) You are a Druid like your father. You consort with the devil. Your confession will be witnessed by the Bishop of Hereford. A guard forces Robin's hand across the page... then cries out, clutching his back... An arrow lodged be- tween his shoulders. In the cave mouth are Wulf, bow in hand, Bull kneeling beside Sarah's corpse, and Aslan. MORTIANNA
57) 20) text: (groggy) Marian? Aslan runs to the back of the cave, searching. Wulf is crouched beside Bull, who murmurs his dying words. BULL
57) 22) dialog: I promise. Aslan stumbles at the edge of a deep crevasse. Far be- low he sees Mortianna, clambering down the steep rock. For a second their eyes meet. She hisses -- venom, hatred, fear -- then is gone.
59) 0) text: Distant THUNDER. Three horses. First Wulf's, leading another with the bodies of Bull and Sarah draped across its back. Aslan rides the third, with Robin propped up in front of him. ROBIN
59) 8) text: I am glad you are feeling better. Ahead of them, Wulf shouts and reins in. He points into the distance. A huge cloud of smoke is darkening the sky.
64) 1) text: Wulf, stay here. I need your horse. He climbs onto Wulf's horse, steers it right at the heart of the enemy... Aslan blocks his way, grabbing his reins. ROBIN
65) 8) text: Git the bleedin' 'ell outa there, ya li'l bugger. Distracted, he doesn't see a Celt swing at his back... but Wulf's arrow pierces the man's adam's apple. He freezes in mid-air, before toppling at John's feet. When John turns back, Wulf is being dragged away by three of the Sherrif's men. He attempts to pursue, but is intercepted by two more Celts... and struck down. Aslan charges between the two Celts. Slashes down with both swords. Both men topple to the ground simultaneously. Suddenly all is quiet.    The smoking clearing is a mass of fallen bodies. Only    four men seem to be alive. Robin, Aslan, Tuck, who   is slouched against a tree gasping for breath, and   Hal, who kneels clutching his wounded shoulder. Robin dismounts and runs to Little John. Overwhelmed and exhausted, he slumps over the giant's unmoving form. LITTLE JOHN
67) 0) text: A heavy key turns in a lock. Bolts drawn back. Fol- lowed by guards, Nottingham enters the torture chamber where the captured woodsmen are chained, among them Wulf and Will Scarlet. Putrid ankle-deep water on the floor, walls encrusted with dried blood and grime. Nottingham walks up to the FIRST MAN. Wry smile. NOTTINGHAM
67) 12) dialog: Will, no! Nottingham strides up to Will, drawing his sword. NOTTINGHAM
67) 16) text: I am one of his men. He would never suspect me. WULF
68) 29) text: Afore ya kill 'im, John, ask 'im if Wulf be still alive. Will is choking, unable to speak. John loosens his hold just enough for Will to splutter out...
70) 0) text: The sound of the gallows ECHOES inside the damp, stone walls. Wulf and the other woodsmen are chained to rings in the floor. Wulf lifts his eyes to a chink of light high in the wall. The purple sky is turning black. He fingers his wooden crucifix.
70) 1) dialog: If it be your biddin' that this be my last night o' life, Lord, gimme the pluck to die proud. An' look 'ee kindly on my folks an' the young 'uns. The light in the cell melts to total darkness.
76) 0) text: Wulf blinks at the sunlight as the prisoners are led out. Holds his head high. Soldiers hurl abuse, the people are too cowed to show support. Fanny glances at her son, crosses herself and scurries into the castle, unnoticed. On horseback, encircled by guards, the Sheriff and his baron cronies watch the outlaws progress with cruel amusement. A  yell attracts Nottingham. Will is being shoved back by guards. WILL SCARLET
76) 18) text: The reward! The parade of prisoners reaches them. Seeing Will, Wulf charges at him, screaming in blind rage. Soldiers grab Wulf. Throw him down, kicking and beating. Voices in the crowd plead to let him be. Someone tries to intervene, gets hurled down. NOTTINGHAM
79) 0) text: The prisoners are led to the scaffold, where the hooded executioner waits, along with the Chieftain. Wulf staggers, from his beating. Nottingham's men encircle Tuck's cart.    He watches them nervously.
81) 10) text: Try another. There are many barrels, only a few outlaws. A drum roll. The Sheriff's attention turns to the scaffold, where the first victim is escorted up the steps -- Wulf. Tense, Tuck pulls a tinder box from his robes, strikes a flame.
83) 0) text: Wulf crosses himself as the executioner steers him to the noose. A hush falls... except for a rotund old woman who is barging to the front. And a WOUNDED SOLDIER, his head bandaged, who eases her path, striking out with his tree- branch crutch. WOUNDED SOLDIER
85) 0) text: The scaffold is impregnable. Celts and their Chieftain guard the platform itself. The Sherriff's men surround the base. The executioner encircles Wulf's neck with the noose. SPARKS! Tuck ignites a fuse-cord leading to one of the barrels. A hand tightens the noose... Another grasps an arrow. The executioner's eyes glint through the slits. Nottingham intently watches Wulf. The Chieftain stands, impassive. Fingers close on a bowstring... the fuse-cord burns. Wulf steps to the trap, ready to plunge.   His eyes close An arrow flies... slices through the executioner's eye slit. The executioner falls. Little John celebrates... but the Chieftain leaps forward... releases the trap. Wulf's body plunges.   The rope snaps tight. Little John yells.   Fanny screams. A figure leaps onto the platform... the wounded soldier throws aside his crutch... Robin! Wulf dangles, strangling.   His hands wrench at the choking cord.
98) 2) text: Wulf! I told ya to keep outa the fightin'.
98) 7) text: Well, ya'll get a bloody good wallopin' if we get 'ome... For now, let's see how well I taught ya. Wulf sends an attacker plummeting off the parapet.
106) 3) text: I think she's feeling better. Marian looks about her... the chaotic aftermath of battle. Reality gradually sinks in. She folds against Robin's chest. Little John arrives, his huge arms enfolding Wulf and Fanny. LITTLE JOHN