4) 4) dialog: She is rushing TOWARDS CAMERA. We see she has a black eye.
5) 0) text: DOOR CHIME. Mushnik looks up to see Audrey enter hur- riedly. She immediately begins to take off her leopard-print jacket, struggling as she does to conceal the black eye.
5) 2) dialog: Good morning, Mr. Mushnik.
5) 4) dialog: (innocently) Shiner?
6) 0) text: Audrey starts to hang up her coat and put on her uni- form, a frilly pink smock. Mushnik follows her in. (CONTINUED)
6) 3) dialog: You don't meet nice boys when you live on Skid Row, Mr. Mushnik. Seymour comes up from downstairs carrying a precarious- ly balanced pile of clay pots.:
6) 6) dialog: Don't yell at Seymour, Mr. Mushnik.
6) 8) dialog: I'll help him clean it up before any customers get here.
7) 0) text: Audrey is on the sidewalk emptying broken clay pots into a trash can. We see the chorus reflected in the shop's window.
7) 1) dialog: Where the guys are drips.
7) 5) dialog: Where they rip your slips.
7) 7) dialog: Where relationships are no-go! Audrey walks into’ the street where everyone is posed hyper-dramatically (a la "West Side Story") singing in powerful chorus. She, also singing, moves amongst them.
7) 8) dialog: Down on Skid Row Down on Skid Row Down on Skid Row Down on Skid Row Down on Skid Row Down on Skid Row Down on Skid Row!
9) 20) dialog: Gee it sure would be Swell to, get outa here Bid the gutter Farewell and get outa here I'd move heaven and Hell to get .outa Skid... I'd do I dunno what To get outa Skid But a helluvalot To get outa Skid
10) 0) text: ALL (Cont.) Downtown Skid Row! 13 Mushnik, Seymour and Audrey are in the shop. Mushnik, depressed, glances up at the clock. (CONTINUED)
10) 5) dialog: You don't mean...
10) 8) dialog: You can't!
10) 11) dialog: Seymour, why don't you run downstairs and bring up that Strange and interesting new plant you've been working on? Seymour helpfully exits. AUDREY (cont.) You see, Mr. Mushnik, some of those exotic plants that Seymour's been tinkering around with are really... unusual... and we were both thinking that maybe some of those strange and interesting plants, prominently displayed and advertised, would attract business. Seymour is now standing behind them holding the same withered plant we saw earlier in the basement. It looks even worse than it did before. (CONTINUED )
10) 17) dialog: There, now isn't that... bizarre?
10) 20) dialog: After me?
11) 23) dialog: 
12) 8) dialog: Twice as many? CLO-7"P of the two Bums we see outside the window.
12) 20) dialog: Oh, I'd like-to, Mr. Mushnik, but I have a date. She heads for the storage room. Mushnik follows her in. .
13) 0) text: Audrey removes her work smock and starts to put on her jacket.
13) 2) dialog: Enjoy dinner.
14) 0) text: As Audrey hurriedly passes through, Seymour gazes at her longingly. (CONTINUED)
16) 1) dialog: standing in the window of her own tenement flat, across the street. She has changed outfits and is now looking into a mirror on her wall, struggling to conceal her black eye with Cover Girl liquid eye makeup. Seymour gazes up at her with painful longing, then returns his attention to his pathetic botanical charge. (CONTINUED)
18) 0) text: It is separated from the studio by glass. We faintly hear the news broadcast as we see, sitting in a chair, aman holding a fish which is stuffed and mounted. The fish has a human nose and mustache. Next to the man and fish is seated a little boy holding a Rube Goldberg-type machine. Next to him, and also seated, is a six-foot tall wooden ventriloquist's dummy. Sitting on the dummy's lap is a live midget who is casually. smoking a cigarette. And next to him is Seymour with Audrey Two on his lap. They are all patiently waiting their turn. The plant is now a good twelve inches taller than when we saw it last. Seymour wears ten band-aids... one on each of his fingers. Unseen by the others, including Seymour, Audrey Two starts leaning towards the engineer who is adjusting some dials. The plant inches closer to the engineer. (CONTINUED)
21) 0) text: The CASH REGISTER RINGS. Its drawer opens as, from it, Mushnik grabs and counts wads of money. In the back- ground we see a sign in the window. It reads: "Welcome to Mushnik's -- Home of the Audrey Two." A "Closed" sign is on the door.
21) 7) dialog: Am I late? Did I miss it? They move to the RADIO, on which we hear Seymour strug- gling to get his last words in as the ANNOUNCER con- cludes the broadcast.
21) 10) dialog: Seymour's first radio broadcast. I wanted to hear so bad. I tried to be on time, but...
22) 0) text: Mushnik and Audrey on sidewalk. Mushnik locks the door.
22) 2) dialog: No, just handcuffed... a little. We see a large picture of Seymour and the plant hung near the sign in the display window as Mushnik walks Audrey across the street. (CONTINUED)
22) 6) dialog: That's .for sure. But I can't leave him.
22) 8) dialog: He'd get angry. And if he does this to me when he likes me, imagine what he'd do if he ever got mad. They arrive at her tenement door. Mushnik sighs in exasperation and leaves. Audrey turns and enters her building. MUSIC: Lead-in to “Somewhere That's Green."
23) 0) text: It is a typical, small Skid Row apartment, however, Audrey has tried to cover the poverty in which she lives by decorating it in a style we would call "Frilly Woolworth's." She enters and looks out her window at the picture of Seymour across the street as she sings:
23) 1) dialog: I think Seymour's the greatest But I'm dating a semi-sadist. So I got a black eye And my arm's in a cast. Still that Seymour's a cutie. She looks at his picture again, then decides to be honest. AUDREY (cont.) Well, if not He's got inner beauty And I dream of a place Where we could be together At last... (CONTINUED)
25) 0) text: The children watch Saturday Morning TV as Audrey appears with a smiling pitcher of Kool-Aid. The daughter is platinum blonde like her Mom and wears a little leopard-print pinafore. The son is prematurely balding at seven years old and wears glasses and cap identical to his father's. INT. THE DINING ROOM - DAY “32 Audrey ushers neighbor ladies in pedal-pushers and curlers to a table set for Mah Jongg. Ina flash, she's back with bridge-mix and crustless tuna fish sandwiches.
26) 0) text: Audrey and neighbor at a Tupperware party.
27) 0) text: Audrey dances to the oven to put in four Swanson TV dinners. .
28) 0) text: Audrey and Seymour snuggle on the couch. The kids are on the floor, watching Lucy with her hand stuck in a bowling ball. Even the dog and cat are snuggled and enjoying the program. Audrey continues to sing in V.O.
28) 1) dialog: Between our frozen dinner And our bedtime, nine-fifteen We snuggle watching Lucy On our big Enormous - Twelve-inch screen 37 38 33.
29) 0) text: Audrey and Seymour tuck the kids into bunk beds and chuckle at the pets asleep with them.
29) 1) dialog: I'm his December Bride He's Father, He Knows Best The kids' room, next to our room And a third room for a guest A picture out of Better Homes and Gardens Magazine Audrey and Seymour reach the threshold of their Early American bedroom. He lifts her up and we tactfully --
30) 0) text: CLOSEUP of Audrey at her window singing. CAMERA SLOWLY PULLS BACK as she looks out and sees a bleak Skid Row cityscape of brick walls, garbage, fire escapes, and Passed-out winos. .
30) 1) dialog: Far from Skid Row I dream we'll go Somewhere That's... Green. CAMERA has pulled back across the street so we see an EXTREME WIDE SHOT of Audrey's tenement. Hers is the only bright light we see in this dark, decayed street. MUSIC:. A pulsing, high energy, bass line. The beginning of "Some Fun Now." This MUSIC DISSOLVES the reflective mood as CAMERA TILTS up to see the Skid Row skyline. On a distant ‘rooftop are three figures, silhouetted against the sky. We START MOVING TOWARD them with gathering speed as the pulsating bass-line builds in volume and excite- ment. Soon, we're CLOSE enough to see that it's... Crystal, Ronette and Chiffon, in a girl-group formation, bathed in the glow of a rooftop neon sign. They begin to sing, Crystal taking the lead, in an exaggerated "Donna Summer meets Irene Cara" style.
31) 0) text: The shop is bulging with customers all chattering about, and viewing, the Audrey Two and buying flowers as if they were going out of style. It is obvious that Mushnik has ploughed some of his profits back into the- shop. It has been re-decorated with real formica on the counters, new refrigerated display cases with twinkling lights, kitschy pseudo-antique trimmings, the works. The Girls are also in the mass of customers and continue singing "Some Fun Now,” the lyrices of which fade into and mingle with the cacophony of the people in the store.
32) 0) text: The shop's little storage room has been converted into a flower arranging area. Audrey is hard at work on a "Get Well Soon" arrangement which includes not only flowers but handy pocket packs of Kleenex and bottles of aspirin. Behind her a sign advertises "Arrangements by Audrey." From the other room, we hear the bustling SOUNDS of the successful shop. ‘Seymour rushes in just as Audrey puts the final touch into her arrangement... a thermometer. .
32) 2) dialog: (springing into action) Birthday? Wedding? Baby?
32) 4) dialog: Hand me the lilies. They clear a space on the table and Audrey begins to assemble a very large and scrupulously tasteless funeral arrangement. Huge lilies. Black satin bows. Seymour assists, like a nurse at surgery.
32) 6) dialog: Scissors. You've got a lot on your mind. (CONTINUED)
32) 10) dialog: Sometimes I think Mr. Mushnik's too hard on you. Glue. Seymour hands Audrey a can of spray glue with which she begins to spray the fresh lilies, carnations and mums in her arrangement. Neither she nor Seymour considers this anything out of the ordinary.
32) 12) dialog: Glitter. She is nolding out her hand like a surgeon does for a scalpel. Seymour hands her a plastic bag of multi- colored glitter. Audrey tosses fistsful of glitter on the glue-covered flowers as she addresses Seymour, meaning every word from the bottom of her enormous eart.
32) 13) dialog: You know, I think you should raise your expectations, Seymour. Now that you're getting successful I mean. She pauses for a moment and looks straight at him. AUDREY (cont.) It's clear you suffer from a low self-image. And it's high time you should get it fixed. Go out and do something nice for yourself, like buy some nice clothes. (CONTINUED)
32) 17) dialog: (she melts) Oh... (she returns his loving gaze) Well... (there's magic in the air) «++ I could help you pick things out. He can't believe what he's just heard. He leans closer.
32) 19) dialog: Sure! And closer...
32) 21) dialog: Sure! And closer...
32) 23) dialog: Sure!
32) 27) dialog: Oh, I can't tonight. (beat) I've got a date. Seymour is crestfallen. Seeing Mushnik, he grabs the arrangement and exits. Audrey watches Seymour as he dejectedly walks away. She truly wishes she could go out with him.
32) 29) dialog: (she returns to work) He's a professional.
36) 7) dialog: It's okay, Seymour. This is my date... (CONTINUED)
36) 14) dialog: Seymour...
36) 16) dialog: Oh no... Excuse me.
36) 18) dialog: Excuse me... Doctor.
36) 22) dialog: Er... shouldn't we be leaving now? Orin shoots her another threatening look. AUDREY (cont.) I'm sorry!
36) 24) dialog: Doctor! Doctor! Sorry, Doctor!
36) 26) dialog: (as they pull away) They're right in my bag. Seymour's blood is boiling. He leaps on his bicycle and pedals off to follow them.
37) 0) text: Orin, astride his bike gleefully watches the start of "Creature from the Haunted Sea." Audrey, behind him on the bike (where she couldn't see the screen if she wanted to), is forced to sit holding the little drive- in SPEAKER. 53 54 55 56
39) 0) text: On the motorcycle, Orin snaps his fingers. Audrey pulls out an umbrella and holds it in one hand, the Speaker still in the other, covering Orin while she herself gets soaked.
41) 0) text: Seymour, miserable and wet from his ride, sits on the floor next to AUDREY TWO. He pats the pot as he talks to it. He needs a friend.
41) 4) dialog: Feed me.
41) 6) dialog: Feed me!
41) 8) dialog: (loud) Feed me, Krelborn! Feed me now! Seymour frantically starts removing a band-aid and starting toward the Plant.
41) 10) dialog: More! More!
41) 17) dialog: Must be blood.
41) 19) dialog: Must be fresh.
41) 21) dialog: Feed me!
41) 23) dialog: Feed me!
41) 25) dialog: Feed me!
41) 27) dialog: Feed me, Seymour. Feed me all night long . (spoken) That's right, boy, you can do it! (sung) Feed me, Seymour Feed me, all night long. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
41) 30) dialog: (laughing) Henh, henh, henh, henh! (sung) "Cause if ya feed me, Seymour, I can gror tp, big and strong! Seymour starts for the storeroom. He's seen enough.
41) 32) dialog: (likewise) I'll make it worth your while. Seymour stops dead in his tracks.
41) 34) dialog: You think this is all coincidence, baby? The sudden success around here? The press coverage?
41) 36) dialog: Does this look inanimate to you, punk? (beat) If I can talk and I can move? Who's to say I can't do anything I want?
41) 38) dialog: Like deliver, pal. Like see you get everything your secret, greasy heart desires! The SONG resumes as the Plant sensually rubs its vine up and down Seymour's side. (CONTINUED)
41) 44) dialog: (spoken) You didn't have nothin' till you met me. C'mon, kid. What'll it be? Money? Girls? One particular girl? How 'bout that Audrey? Think it over. There must be someone you could eight- six, real quiet like... and git me some LUNCH! The Plant rocks out again, moving its stem like Mick Jagger moves his hips, leaning its pod over one of its vines, almost as if the leaf held a microphone. AUDREY TWO (cont.) (sung) Think about that room at the Ritz! Wrapped in velvet, covered in glitz! A little nookie gonna clean up those zits! And you'll Git It! Seymour turns away from the doorway and sings to him- self.
41) 48) dialog: Now you're cookin'!
41) 50) dialog: Yeah!
41) 52) dialog: So Go Git It! Oocoh-cooh=-cooh-oooh Seymour gets into it, now, as the Plant moves every- thing it's got -- pod, vines, stem, leaves. It's actu- ally dancing with Seymour -- who bugaloos right back at AUDREY TWO (cont.) If you wanna be profound And you really gotta justify Take a break and look around A_lotta folks deserve to die! The fun stops. Seymour can't believe what he just
41) 54) dialog: (spoken, nudging him smugly) But it's true, isn't it?
41) 56) dialog: Mmmm, sure you do. And with that, the Plant sends a vine sailing across the room to a light switch, which it flicks off with the greatest of ease. (CONTINUED)
41) 61) dialog: I'm sorry, Doctor! I'm sorry, Doctor!
41) 63) dialog: I'm clumsy, Doctor! I'm clumsy, Doctor! . They disappear into Audrey's building, but their muffled VOICES are still audible.
41) 66) dialog: I'm out of it, Doctor!
41) 70) dialog: Orin! That hurt!
42) 0) text: MUSIC BUILDS to a climax as Seymour slowly turns, red- faced and trembling, toward the Plant. He's a man possessed now -- ready to do anything to save Audrey from the clutches of that beast across the street.
42) 3) dialog: Smackin' her around and always talkin' so tough!
42) 5) dialog: I need blood, and he's got more than enough!
42) 7) dialog: So go Git It! (CONTINUED)
50) 0) text: Seymour stands. before Audrey Two, the white bag at his feet. The plant, back-lit, seems bigger than ever. Seymour suddenly seems very small and insignificant. Seymour turns to leave.
50) 1) dialog: Chop it up. Seymour stops in his tracks, appalled.
50) 3) dialog: Feed me!
59) 0) text: A police car has pulled up in front of Audrey's house. Two officers, Frank and Joe, are talking to her. She looks shocked by something they've said. Seymour starts to dress, frantically.
60) 0) text: The officers climb into their car and pull away. Audrey sits on the stoop, very upset. Seymour waits until the police have pulled away, then approaches from across the street. Audrey is about to ery and doesn't want him to see. She starts away from him, moving down the street. He follows.
60) 2) dialog: Who?
60) 4) dialog: Oh, nothing.
60) 6) dialog: It's Orin... They say he's disappeared!
60) 10) dialog: They suspect foul play.
60) 12) dialog: He was -heavily in debt to certain rubber ‘appliance firms. His receptionist... this morning she found the place a shambles... gas masks everywhere... things ripped out of walls... They think... I can't even think about what they think. She starts to cry and moves away from him. She turns a corner and happens into --
61) 0) text: A jumble of fire escapes fills the background. The very walls seem to be tinted lavender and blue -- a watercolor of urban architecture -- something out of West Side Story.” Audrey, still crying, finds a trash can and perches on it to sob. .
61) 3) dialog: (after a beat and a sniffle: a confession) It wouldn't be terrible at all. It would be -- A miracle. Not to Mention all the money I'd save on Epsom salts and ace bandages.
61) 7) dialog: But I'd still feel guilty. I mean, if he met with foul play or some terrible accident of some kind, it'd partly be my fault, you see. ‘Cause secretly... I wished it. She fights back tears. Seymour works up the nerve to sit beside her. After a beat, he speaks very gently.
61) 9) dialog: I don't deserve a nice guy, Seymour.
61) 11) dialog: I deserved a creep like Orin Scrivello, D.D.S. You know where I met him? In the gutter.
61) 13) dialog: The gutter. It's a nightspot. I used to work there. I'd put on cheap and tasteless outfits... not nice ones like this. Low and nasty apparel, and I'd... She breaks. She sits on a pile of crates, weeping softly. MUSIC UNDER: the intro to "Suddenly Seymour." Seymour comes close and kneels beside her.
61) 18) dialog: Nobody ever Treated me kindly Daddy left early Mama was poor. I'd meet a man and I'd follow him blindly He's snap his fingers Me, I'd say "Sure" As a look of quasi-religious redemption spreads across her masacara-stained face: AUDREY (cont.) Suddenly, Seymour Is standing beside me He don't give me orders He don't condescend (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
61) 21) dialog: Suddenly, Seymour Is here to provide me Sweet Understanding Seymour's my friend. He moves toward her.
61) 23) dialog: Please understand that It's still strange and frightenin' For losers like I've been It's so hard to say... And she turns, all passionate commitment. Now he's on the ground and she's on a fire escape. It's the bal- cony scene. They reach for each other through the iron bars. . AUDREY (cont.) Suddenly, Seymour! We PULL BACK to see that Crystal, Ronette and Chiffon are lurking on another fire escape, across the alley, prepared to sing backup.
61) 25) dialog: He purified me!
61) 27) dialog: Suddenly, Seymour!
61) 29) dialog: Showed me I can -- With one grand Errol Flynn gesture, Seymour pulls him- self up and floats ten feet high, up onto the fire escape beside her. (CONTINUED)
61) 33) dialog: Learn how to
61) 36) dialog: Sweet Understanding --
62) 0) text: MUSIC: "Suddenly Seymour" playoff. Seymour enters the shop. He is on cloud nine. He passes the plant as if in a trance. Audrey Two has practically doubled in bulk. The plant is glowing with green good health and its vines are all over the shop. It's even started to bud. It turns to see Seymour go down to the basement.
63) 0) text: Seymour jumps on his cot. From under his pillow he takes out a photo of Audrey. He looks at it dreamily and is just about to kiss it when he is startled by...
63) 8) dialog: (singing in echo) He's got your number now,
63) 13) dialog: He knows just what you done.
63) 15) dialog: You got no place to hide. Seymour clamps his hands over his ears so as not to hear the Demon Plant. Mushnik thinks Seymour doesn't want to hear him so he keeps going with more intensity...
63) 17) dialog: You got nowhere to run.
63) 19) dialog: He knows your life of crime. Mushnik produces a gun and trains it on Seymour to hold. him back.
63) 21) dialog: I think it's Suppertime!! We INTERCUT between the shop, where the plant keeps singing, and the BASEMENT, where Mushnik is holding the gun on Seymour. Mushnik backs Seymour up the stairs as we are aware that Seymour is struggling to come up with a decent way out. Must there be more bloodshed?
63) 22) dialog: Come on, come on National Geographic! (MORE) (CONTINUED)
63) 25) dialog: Come on, come on Your future with Audrey Come on, come on, Ain't no time to turn squeamish Come on, come on I swear on all their spores, When he's gone the world will be yours!,
66) 0) text: Banks of television monitors are in the background. The same image is on each monitor: A smiling photo of Seymour with Audrey Two in front of a logo. (CONTINUED)
71) 0) text: A CAMERA CREW and TV CHORUS are in the midst of filming a spot for "Del Monte Presents Audrey Two in a Salute to Vegetables." Audrey stands to one side watching delightedly. SINGERS and DANCERS are doing something silly and Dallas Cowboy Cheerleaderish in front of the Plant. It's bigger than ever and has been decorated with red, white and blue bunting.
71) 10) dialog: Seymour! (she slaps him daintily) You're hysterical. They're only trying to help.
72) 0) text: The sun is just beginning to set. Audrey discovers Seymour sitting on a trash heap, face in hands. She moves to him.
72) 2) dialog: It's wilted before and you've always brought it back to life, somehow. (beat) Seymour, I think running this place all by yourself is too much for you. When did Mr. Mushnik say he'd be back?
72) 4) dialog: You know, in that note you told me he left you. The one that said he was goin' out to his sister's house in...
72) 8) dialog: I'd still love you, Seymour. He looks at her for a moment, then pulls her to him. MUSIC: "SUDDENLY., SEYMOUR" plays under dialogue. guietly and gently. (CONTINUED)
72) 13) dialog: They say it's pretty there.
72) 15) dialog: (a beat then shyly) Sure.
72) 17) dialog: Sure!
72) 19) dialog: (tickled) Aw, sure!
72) 21) dialog: (singing) Suddenly, Seymour Showed me I can... (suddenly, spoken) Seymour, we better stop singing. I've gotta get ready! As MUSIC SWELLS, Audrey, the happiest girl in the world, flies out of the courtyard, turning back only once to blow Seymour a kiss. He watches her go, then closes his eyes, wishing with all his might that every- thing will turn out.
73) 0) text: It's deserted now. Outside, the sun sinks lower. The plant is still wilted and lifeless. Seymour stands looking at it in silence for a moment, then very quietly tries to sneak past it. But just as he gets to the door, a spooky, hoarse whisper stop. him dead in his tracks. i AUDREY TWO Feed me!
73) 2) dialog: Feed me!
73) 4) dialog: Feed me!
73) 6) dialog: Tough titty.
73) 8) dialog: Awwh. Cut the crap and bring on the meat!
73) 10) dialog: Don't do me no favors.
73) 12) dialog: . (beat) You sure do drive a hard bargain.
75) 0) text: Audrey Two emits a quiet, satisfied laugh. It waits a beat and then slithers one of its vines toward the shop's counter. The vine crawls up the side of the counter. When it reaches the top the vine goes to the cash register. It pushes down a key and, with its customary RING, the cash register drawer opens. The vine pokes through the drawer and takes out a nickel. It then slinks back down to the floor, goes to the wall, and crawls up to the pay telephone. Another vine lifts up the receiver as the nickel is deposited. The receiver is brought up to the pod where, if the pod had an ear, its ear would be. The vine dials a number and then taps the side of the phone patiently as the Plant hums waiting for the phone to be answered. We hear the RINGS FILTERED through the re- ceiver. .
76) 0) text: Her PHONE IS RINGING. Guess who? Audrey sits at her dressing table. Some cheap luggage and a vanity case are on the bed. She is wearing a white dress and is brushing her hair. She hasn't teased it yet so it falls naturally and softly to her shoulders. It gives her the appearance of a heroine in a Gothic romance. She picks up the receiver.
76) 1) dialog: Hello. Audrey Two is heard FILTERED through the receiver. The Plant breathes heavily and obscenely, then...
76) 2) dialog: (sung) . Hey, little lady, hello!
76) 3) dialog: Who... who is this? (CONTINUED)
76) 6) dialog: (sung) You're lookin' cute as can be!
76) 7) dialog: (smiling... she thinks it's a joke) Is this someone I know?
76) 8) dialog: (sung) . You're lookin' mighty sweet.
76) 9) dialog: (smiling affectionately -- she's sure she knows who it is now) Seymour.
76) 10) dialog: (sung) No, it ain't Seymour, it's me! Audrey happens to turn around and look through her window. :
77) 1) dialog: Oh my God! INT. AUDREY'S APARTMENT 1o1 Audrey is not there. All we see is the receiver dangl- ing toward the floor. We hear an O.S. DOOR SLAM and the SOUND OF FEET RUNNING.
78) 3) dialog: (under her breath) I don't believe it.
78) 4) dialog: Believe it, baby.
78) 5) dialog: Am I dreaming this? ,
78) 6) dialog: No, and you ain't in Kansas, neither. (beat) I need me some water in the worst way. Look at my branch, I'm drying up. (sung) Come on and give me a drink.
78) 7) dialog: (spoken) I don't know if I should.
78) 8) dialog: (sung) Hey, little lady, be nice.
78) 9) dialog: (spoken) Do you talk to Seymour like this?
78) 10) dialog: (spoken) Sure do! (sung) I'll drink it straight! Don't need no glass and no ice! Don't need no twist of lime!
78) 11) dialog: (spoken) All right... I'll get the can. She moves into the shop, cowering along the wall, just into range of the large tendrils’ grasp. In a flash, it wraps around her like a boa constrictor. AUDREY TWO (cont.) (spoken) And _ now it's Suppertime! (CONTINUED)
79) 0) text: It is night now. The golden glow of a street lamp floods lyrically down on them, as Seymour lowers the dying Audrey to the moonlight pavement, and cradles her in his arms. MUSIC COMES IN SOFTLY UNDER.
79) 2) dialog: (innocently, weakly) You know, the plant just said the strangest thing just now... It said that Orin and Mr. Mushnik were already inside. (CONTINUED)
79) 6) dialog: -(sweetly) And that's what made it so big and strong and you so famous?
79) 8) dialog: But... (an idea dawns) I want you to, Seymour.
79) 10) dialog: (tenderly) When I die, which should be very shortly, give me to the plant so it can live to bring you all the wonderful things you deserve.
79) 12) dialog: But I do. It's the one gift I can give you. And if I'm in the plant, then I'm part of the plant. So, in a way... we'll always be... together. : (sung quietly, with her dying breaths) You'll wash my tender leaves You'll smell my sweet perfume You'll water me and care for me You'll see me bud and bloom. I'm feeling strangely happy now, Contented and serene. Oh, don't you see... (MORE) (CONTINUED)
79) 16) dialog: Finally I'll be... Somewhere that's... (she reaches toward the vision) Green! And she collapses. There, in the moonlight, under a street lamp, she:dies in his arms. MUSIC: "The Death of Audrey," a chorale with angelic voices and string orchestra, underscores as Seymour lifts his love from the ground. Behind him, through the shop window, we can see the pod open ceremoniously. ANGLE -- Seymour holding Audrey, pod in b.g. The pod emits beams of light now, plunging Seymour and his dead love into dramatic silhouette. He carries her slowly toward the source of light.
80) 0) text: The mood is one of Wagnerian splendor. It's Gotter- dammerung, as Seymour ritualistically fulfills Audrey's dying wish and places her gently, tenderly, into the light-filled pod. He kneels, tears streaming down his cheeks, to see the act to completion. Audrey slowly begins to slip further and further away from us, into the light beaming from the plant's "throat." At last, she's gone. Seymour rises, destroyed, and runs from the shop -- out onto the street.
82) 0) text: MUSIC: the last notes of the "Death of Audrey" chorale trail off, giving way to TRAFFIC SOUNDS, as Seymour reaches the top of the building, stumbles to the edge, and looks down. ANGLE - THE STRER? - SEYMOUR'S POV.
82) 18) dialog: I used to hear the people talk about That old King Kong. They used to say he was the meanest, But them folks was wrong. He climbed the Empire State. (the building ain't that big) Shoot, I could climb in half the time, But climbin' ain't my gig. I'm just bad! I'm real bad! I'm bad! Seymour is at the counter. He opens the drawer and the gun and loads it with bullets. AUDREY TWO (cont.) You know Godzilla was a monster, He was mighty mean. Now, even I had to respect him, “Cause the boy was green. But when he said to me “Hey, Audrey, you ain't all that tough," I had to show that leapin' lizard I was tough enough! Seymour aims and FIRES at the plant. AUDREY TWO (cont.) He said "Gad!" He FIRES AGAIN. AUDREY TWO (cont.) "Don't get mad!" And AGAIN. (CONTINUED)
82) 22) dialog: Bad!
82) 24) dialog: So I ain't worried 'bout your biggest guns I'm just too bad! Seymour returns from the basement with the axe. He tries chopping the vines. Every time he swings, the vine moves and he misses... and he smashes a piece of the shop.
82) 26) dialog: Bad!
82) 28) dialog: I'm ten feet tall and weight at least two tons: I'm extra bad! Audrey Two's littler pods sing backup as the big one sings lead.
82) 30) dialog: Bad!
82) 34) dialog: Go on and bitch and whine and wail and curse - Too bad! I'm bad!
82) 36) dialog: Bad!
82) 38) dialog: And if you mess with me, I'll just get worse! The plant heaves the axe at Seymour. Seymour side- steps it in the nick of time and it goes crashing through a window. Seymour's really angry. During the following lyrics he throws a chair at the plant. It catches the chair. He throws a small table at the plant. It catches the table. He throws a shovel. It catches the shovel. AUDREY TWO (cont.) One day I met the Bride of Frankenstein, (So much for her) | Just one encounter and she called me, "Mr. Audrey, sir." CLOSEUP of Seymour grabbing the cash register to throw at the plant... but it's too heavy for him. But damn itl... he's not giving up and... yes he's lifting it! But no. CAMERA PULLS BACK and we see a vine wrapped around it. It's the plant who's lifting it up and out of Seymour's arms. AUDREY TWO (cont.) So it's a cinch no puny baldy of a botanist Is gonna be a half a match. for me when I get pissed. You got it, Dad? (CONTINUED)
82) 41) text: AUDREY TWO (Cont.) (Singing) Why not face it Seymour Iam Baa-aa-aads Audrey Two goes for the big finish: with a gargantuan yank of the rafters it creates an avalanche of brick, wood, and plaster that rages down over the Plant and Seymour. Before the dust has even settled we hear the . Plant laughing triumphantly. ‘The shop looks like it has just survived the blitzkrieg. The walls are partially demolish chunks of ceiling have caved in. On the other side of wha used to be the shop, Seymour, filthy, wounded, and exhaus emerges from under a pile of rubble. Dazed, but sensing h is still in danger, he quickly scrambles, rolls, falls, a crawls away from the shop and into the street out of reac of the mocking Plant. Breathing heavily and seemingly half-mad he takes the her stature of a mad prophet or of Kevin McCarthy in Invasion the Body Snatchers as he shouts...
82) 49) text: They may offer you Lots of cheap thrills Fancy condos . In Beverly Hills But, whatever they offer you Don't feed the plants} ot Look out! . Here comes Audrey Twol Look outl
82) 50) text: AUDREY Two Here I come for you!
82) 52) text: EXT. NEW JERSEY. NIGHT. CHORUS (V.0. Cont.) : (Singing) In the background Manhattan is : on fire. In the foreground two or Hold your hat three more Audrey Two's are attacking... a mind boggling mass of leaves, vines, . tendrils, and roots...they are lumbering And hang onto yo towards the foreground. Suddenly, from ° . thedistance, a torn, haggard figure comes running to camera. Crkzéd and totally © Something's comin hysterical he runs up into an extreme close-up...his face filling the screen wr Screams... 1, To eat the world whole! oh SEYMOUR «2 6) : : They're. Herett They" re heret If we fight it Runt!t!; THEY'RE HERELLt He’ turns and runs to mid-background We've still got a ch screaming, trying to help the others fight the plant.as we see cars overturned, . : broken fire hydrants spewing water, downed put whatever t electricalilines crackling with sparks, . police and National Guard soldiers firing away, fires burning out of cdritrol in the  Though:they'r distance. It is the end of civilization for you! ° . as we know it. Men, women and children... including Seymour...run screaming up to and past camera as the Audrey Two is : Please whatever th almost upon them and: us. advancing menacingly, ’ inexorably to camera and, opening its.’
82) 54) text: wide cavernous maw it seems to swallow the: - pon't feed Cameraas it completely blacks out the screen. We are left with the horrible sounds of ° us ‘ cataclysmic destruction. Don't Feed The Pla-ah-ants!! th ope ee te —— FADE UP: "THE. "END" FOLLOWED By--"2,7L2" ont . : MUSIC. CREDITS ROLL. Le (After last credit...in black...as people are leaving the theatre...a very large, low rumbling laugh..) AUDREY TWO (V.0. in black) Hahahahahahahahahaha!t!
82) 74) text: monster musical comedy stars Rick Moranis, Ellen Greene a Vincent Gardenia, with a special appearance by Steve Mart and cameo appearances by John Candy, James Belushi, and Christopher Guest. -wb- “LITTLE SHOP_OF HORRORS" - Production Information - Mushnik's Flower Shop is the sleaziest floral store on Skid Row, Wilting corsages, dark brown greenery and bums sprawled in the doorway add credence to the deep-roo belief that whatever it is that lures people "downtown," isn't flowers. With business drooping lower than his Creeping Charlie, Mushnik has decided to throw in the trowel and lay off hi only two employees, the klutzy orphan Seymour and brave, battered Audrey. Then Seymour purchases a strange and int esting plant from an ancient Mandarin during a total ecli of the sun. And business blooms. Customers converge on the shabby premises, attracted by the odd potted pod in the window. Christening his priz Audrey II in honor of his secret love, Seymour showers it with mulch, gro-light and affection. But, as it develops, there's only one type of nourishment that Audrey II craves--and it's not available at your loc nursery! The Geffen Company presents a Frank Oz Film, "Little Shop of Horrors," released by The Geffen Company through Bros. Produced by David Geffen and directed by Frank Oz, monster musical comedy stars Rick Moranis, Ellen Greene a Vineent Gardenia, with a special appearance by Steve Mart -more- "LITTLE SHOP OF HORRORS" - Production Information ~2- and cameo appearances by John Candy, James Belushi and Christopher Guest. The screenplay and lyrics were written by Howard Ashman and the music composed by Alan Menken, who collab- orated on the off-Broadway and Londen stage hit on which the movie is based. The stage hit, which has since blossomed into a perennial, was inspired by Roger Corman's "Grade 2" horro film of the same title. Shot in 1960 on an unbelievable schedule of two days and a night (largely because Corman offered a storefront left over from another movie), "Litt Shop of Horrors" went on to become a cult classic. It was also notable for the brief, bizarre appearance of relative newcomer Jack Nicholson as a masochistic dent patient. New York theatre critics gave the stage production of “Little Shop of Horrors" a blue ribbon reception. The New Yorker's Edith Oliver hailed it as "a musical comedy that is both musical and comic... full of surprises and marvel effects." Richard Corliss in Time magazine welcomed "a carnivore with its own intimidating charm" which "envelop the stage and (gasp!) most of the audience." Winning the Drama Critics' Circle, Drama Desk and Outer Critics' Circle Awards as the season's best musical the show spawned an American touring company (which is st going strong), a two-year London run, and productions in France, Scandinavia, Israel, Japan, Germany, Australia an ~more- "LITTLE SHOP OF HORRORS" ~ Production Information -3- Iceland. With the acquisition of the screen rights by the David Geffen Company, the voracious Venus people~trap had blossomed thrice. Geffen's goal was to fuse the elements of the original story and the show into its own unique entity. The time-frame, he decided, would remain intact. Downtown, it is still 1960. Here, Seymour Krelborn (RICK MORANIS) toils slavishly for Mushnik (VINCENT GARDENIA), who plucked him "as a tyke" from the Skid Row Home for Homeless Boys. In his basement bedroom, where he raises exotic foliage, Seymour pines for Audrey (ELLEN GREENE), the lithe, blonde salesgirl with the Betty Boop voice and cinema noir wardrobe. But Audrey is literally a prisoner of love. Her steady crush--in more ways than one--is Orin Scrivello (STEVE MARTIN), a biker dentist whose delight for burning rubber is only exceeded by his joy for inflicting pain. When he isn't giving root canals a bad name or getting hi on his own nitrous oxide, Scrivello spends most of his ti putting Audrey in traction. One night, in the depths of Mushnik's cellar, Seymour pricks his finger on a rose~-and Audrey II gets her first slurp of RH negative. Audrey II grows. Seymour grows anemic. Audrey II demands more "sticky, licky sweets." Seymour buys more Band-Aids. If Mushnik's prosperity and his exhausted -more- "LITTLE SHOP OF HORRORS" - Production Information -4- errand boy are both to survive, fresh blood must be added to the floral food chain... For director Frank Oz, the challenge of "Little Shop of Horrors" was "deceptive." The project, he says, “looke simple, but wasn't. If we played it too camp, the audienc wouldn't care about the characters. If we were too straig we'd veer toward melodrama." What evolved was what Oz calls "heightened reality." In opening the stage show to encompass the littered alley decrepit tenements and end-of-the-line elevated train of Mushnik's neighborhood, he and Oscar-winning production d signer Roy Walker created a fantasy Skid Row. But within the sprawling set--which consumed every square inch of Pinewood Studios' "007" stage (the largest in the world)- also sought a certain "intimacy." "I didn't want to balloon it into a musical ‘War and ” Peace' or even a big, splashy '40s extravaganza," says th director. "There are no dizzying overhead crane shots. No irrelevant dance numbers. Nothing to overwhelm what is basically the simple story of a boy, a girl and a man-eat plant." Several production numbers, however, display amusing affection for film lore. The hollow-eyed vagrants, shuffl through the gutters of "Downtown," recall Busby Berkeley' Depression-era classic, "My Forgotten Man." "Somewhere That's Green" is a paean to the suburban never-never land scores of movies and ‘60s sitcoms. -more- "LITTLE SHOP OF HORRORS" - Production Information -5- Within the “heightened reality," Oz and Geffen gathered a colorfully incongruous cast. Seymour is played by Rick Moranis, one of the Canadian ' who Second City troupe's non-fraternal "McKenzie Brothers,' breezed through "Ghostbusters" as Sigourney Weaver's rand next-door nebbish. His "Little Shop..." role as a botanic body snatcher required "more straight acting than anythin I'd done before," says Moranis. "But the real attraction the chance to sing. Until now, I'd been limited mostly to parody." Ellen Greene, on the other hand, knew the role of Audrey "Like a second skin," having played it for two yea in New York, Los Angeles and London. (Time magazine prais her portrayal of "a sweet, sexy, slightly dizzy blonde wi an Elmer Fudd lisp, wittle-girl wiles" and a voice that “buckles theatre walls.") Her character, comments Greene, first came into focus during costume fittings for the off-Broadway show. "We we through about five wigs before Audrey became a cornsilk blonde," she explains. Next came the low-cut leopard skin dresses, stiletto heels and jangling of the B-movie heroi who were Audrey's role models. Vincent Gardenia insists that he was chosen as Mushnik because "Frank Oz liked my name.” The Naples-born actor, who began his career as a teenager playing old men in New Yor Italian theatre, calls Mushnik "a symphony of frustration He's a man trying to cling to the past despite the deprav ~more- "LITTLE SHOP OF HORRORS" - Production Information -6- building around him." At the root of much of that depravity is Steve Martin's Doctor Scrivello. (Call him anything other than "Doctor" he'll joyfully rip your eyeteeth out.) As the leather-cla “leader of the plaque," Scrivello parks his Harley Davids
82) 85) text: Audrey & Seymour's KidS......ccceccnseeuveccceresevcoecee
82) 87) text: Directed DYsserssesevccccc ence cen ac asst rnrncencncece Produced by....csscccsccccccccevccvervennsccnesosesevsese Screenplay DY... eceseeec es eecen ren cec re cescneeecee MUSIC DY csccceserereresvccesnccenccanscseeesseeeoeesesss LYFLCS DY. pee eee eee ee eee eee esse eee eeees se sHOWA Music Produced Dy..ssscecvcenseccvevecerecececececseeeees Original Motion Picture Score by..............2.222022++s Director of Photography.........22seeeeeeee--+-+++ROBERT Production Designed by... cece eee e cece cece cece scuce Film EGitorescceccccccscccecccnceccenceenersereesceescees Special Visual Effects by.....---.. see eee ee eee eee ee "Audrey II" Designed and Created by.....e.eeeeeeeeeeeceee Costumes Designed by.......cc cece ence cere eee cee ee e Casting DY... cece cece cece eee eee eee eee eeeeeeeeesee Based on the musical stage play Book and Lyrics by.....cese eee cece eect eee eens ee eee MUSIC Dy. cece cree sete ence cee c cee nr ener ceeacscee Production Supervisor for The Geffen Company............. Line ProGucere. sce ccsewccceesaseescececeeeeseseees ee W Associate PLOdUCcerS...sseeeee cere cere ereensererereree