3) 0) text: -We have CUT TO ANOTHER ANGLE OF Seymour to see that the Girls are no longer there and to see that we are in: The basement. These dark Surroundings have been trans- formed into Seymour's pathetic living quarters with clothing, a hotplate, jun’ ‘ood containers, a sleeping cot, and crud everywhere. However, blooming amid the decay and the debris are hundreds of strange and exotic plants. They're growing lavishly in coffee cans, shav- ing mugs, the most unlikely containers, nourished by makeshift gro-lights. . Seymour starts picking up the mess he's made. He starts with the RADIO which is turned over on the floor and which is now EMITTING STATIC. He hits it and MUSIC COMES ON: Phil Spector and the Crystals' 1963 arrange- ment of "Uptown"...
6) 13) dialog: No we're not, Ronette.
6) 15) dialog: We on the split-shift.
6) 18) dialog: Better ourselves? You heard what he said, Chiffon? Better ourselves? Mister, when you from Skid Row, ain't no such thing. The Girls turn the corner into a darkened, narrow street where we see trash cans and fire escapes, and a WINO lying amidst the filth. About twenty yards in the distance we see a WOMAN. She is in her fifties, wear- ing a working uniform. She could be a waitress or a maid. An old, worn coat hangs from her shoulders. (CONTINUED)
19) 0) text: Crystal, Ronette and Chiffon pop up from behind the engineer.
34) 0) text: Pedestrians busily moving along the sidewalk. Crystal, Ronette and Chiffon are sitting on a parked car as Orin pulls up.
64) 0) text: The door from the basement opens. The plant is im- mobile. Seymour walks into the room as Mushnik, gun in hand, follows. Crystal, Ronette and Chiffon are lurking in the shadows outside the shop window.
67) 0) text: We are CLOSE IN on two tall impressive looking mahogany doors. The doors swing open. CAMERA PULLS BACK as we see two men, one holding a contract, the other smoking a cigar and with his arm around Seymour. They walk PAST CAMERA and we hold on Crystal, Ronette, and Chiffon in the foreground. They are each sitting at a desk in front of typewriters. In the background are about ten women also at desks with typewriters. They type and bounce in time to the music as the girls sing.
82) 44) text: 6 A hure American flag fills the frame. 104 It is heavily back-lit making it seem luminescent. It dwarfs Crystal, Ronette, a Chiffon who are posed in silhouette in front of the flag. The girls ceremoniously begin walking to camera and as th get closer and closer Crysta) sings with Gospel fervor...
82) 45) dialog: Subsequent to the events You have just witnessed Similar events in cities Across America... Events which bore a striking Resemblance To the ones you have just seen Began occurring! INT. GARDEN SHOP. DAY. An ECU of the words "Audrey Two's" fills the screen. Camera pulls back to see that these words are part of a sign: "Yes! We have Audrey Two's on sale here!" Camera trucks by a very long line of beaming customers waiting at the check-out counter each holding one or more tiny Audrey Two's. (Exactly the same tiny Audrey Two's that Patrick Martin had on the rooftop). In the background customers are besieging a clerk for more of those new, delightful Audrey Two's in their cleverly designed little containers. Dissolve to: INT. SEARS BASEMENT. DAY. . . Close-ups of dozens of hands grasping for the tiny Audrey Two's. A screaming, pushing throng of people are mashed up against a counter behind which are hundreds of Audrey Two's. People are shoving, screaming, waving money as the sales people do their best to help. The frenzy is like that of Cabbage Patch Dolls, Pet Rocks, and Hula Hoops all rolled into one. Suddenly we see someone pushing his way through the crowd...It is Seymour. He is unshaven, dirty, with Cut to: