1) 2) text: GIRLS (cont.) In the air (Yeah yeah yeah yeah) Sha la la Stop right where you are Don'tcha move a thing! The Girls have danced past a storage room and over to a man who is sitting at the shop's counter reading a newspaper which hides his face. The paper, "The Skid Row Herald Examiner." The headline: UNEXPECTED TOTAL ECLIPSE! END OF THE WORLD? The man lowers the paper to turn the page and we see that it is MUSHNIK, the shop's owner. He glances at the door, then at the clock, sighs, and returns to his newspaper. He does not notice the Girls who are inches away singing the following right to him: GIRLS (cont.) You'd better Tellin' you, you'd better Tell yo' mama Somethin's gonna get her She'd better Everybody'd better Beware! ON the word "beware" CAMERA FOLLOWS the Girls as they dance over to a closed door. They open it and we CUT TO A REVERSE SHOT OF the door as it is being opened and the CAMERA LEADS the Girls down a dingy flight of stairs as they sing: GIRLS (cont.) (Come-a, come-a, come-a) Little Shop Little Shoppa Horrors Bob sh' bop You'll never stop the terror As the Girls reach the bottom they sing and dance PAST CAMERA TOWARDS...
2) 1) dialog: {to himself) Aron, g'vorn, g'voxen, akebebble, mitzbeleh.
5) 0) text: DOOR CHIME. Mushnik looks up to see Audrey enter hur- riedly. She immediately begins to take off her leopard-print jacket, struggling as she does to conceal the black eye.
5) 1) dialog: So, she finally decides to come to work?
5) 3) dialog: What morning? It's almost closing time. Not that we had a customer. A LOUD CRASH from the basement. MUSHNIK (cont.) What in the name of God is going on down there? Audrey, you'd better go see what he's... (beat) Audrey... where did you get that shiner?
6) 0) text: Audrey starts to hang up her coat and put on her uni- form, a frilly pink smock. Mushnik follows her in. (CONTINUED)
6) 2) dialog: Audrey, that greasy boyfriend of yours, he's beating up on you again? Look, I know it's none of my business, but I'm beginning to think he's maybe not such a nice boy.
6) 5) dialog: Seymour! Look what you" ve done to the inventory!
6) 9) dialog: Well, that oughta give you plenty of time. Mushnik moves through the shop toward the front door. MUSHNIK (cont.) Look, God, what an existence I got.
6) 14) dialog: (following them) You oughta be in school.
10) 0) text: ALL (Cont.) Downtown Skid Row! 13 Mushnik, Seymour and Audrey are in the shop. Mushnik, depressed, glances up at the clock. (CONTINUED)
10) 4) dialog: Look at that! Six o'clock and we haven't sold so much as a fern. All right. That's it. Don't bother coming in tomorrow.
10) 7) dialog: What? What? What don't I mean? “I mean I'm closed, forget it, kaput.
10) 9) dialog: Kaput! Extinct. I'm closing this God and customer forsaken place.
10) 18) dialog: At least. What kind of a weirdo Plant is that, Seymour?
10) 22) dialog: Maybe what? Do you have any idea how ridiculous you sound? Just because you put a strange and interesting plant in the window, people don't suddenly... A CUSTOMER opens the door to the shop.
12) 2) dialog: (stunned) Fifty dollars? Yessir! Right away, sir! CUSTOMER . Can you break a hundred?
12) 3) dialog: (he knew it was too good to be true) A hundred. Er, no...
12) 14) dialog: (in the doorway, waving good-bye) Thank you! Come again! You know where to find us! Come and look at the weirdo plant some more. It's just gonna get bigger and more interesting! He comes inside. There are no more flowers in the shop. Sold out. (CONTINUED )
12) 19) dialog: Put that Audrey Two back in the window where the passersby can see it! I don't mind admitting I'm wrong when I'm wrong and I'm wrong. My God, I'd never have believed it. My children, I'm taking us all out to dinner! Seymour, excited, looks at Audrey. Audrey looks up, intensely disappointed.
12) 21) dialog: With the same nogoodnick?
13) 1) dialog: I'm telling you, Audrey, you don't need a date with him. You need major medical. She closes her jacket, looks up meekly, forces a sad, embarrassed smile.
14) 4) dialog: Poor girl.
14) 7) dialog: You're not going anywhere, Krelborn! You're staying right here and taking care of this sick plant!
14) 13) dialog: Well, Krelborn, my advice to you is you better figure it out and fast. Look what this exotic. little beauty did for business.
14) 17) dialog: (donning his coat, hat and scarf) You do?
14) 19) dialog: So fix! Goodnight!
15) 0) text: MUSIC IN: The intro to "Grow for Me." -As we watch Mushnik disappear, sunset gives way to evening. One by one, lights pop on in windows up and down the street. Winos light fires and huddle beside them with brown- bagged bottles. A light pops on in Seymour's basement . room.
21) 0) text: The CASH REGISTER RINGS. Its drawer opens as, from it, Mushnik grabs and counts wads of money. In the back- ground we see a sign in the window. It reads: "Welcome to Mushnik's -- Home of the Audrey Two." A "Closed" sign is on the door.
21) 9) dialog: That's what I call advertising. He grabs his coat and starts out the front door with Audrey following.
22) 0) text: Mushnik and Audrey on sidewalk. Mushnik locks the door.
22) 1) dialog: Don't tell me. You got tied up.
22) 5) dialog: Handcuffed. Audrey, I don't know who this noodnick is you're hanging out with, but he is hazardous to your health.
31) 0) text: The shop is bulging with customers all chattering about, and viewing, the Audrey Two and buying flowers as if they were going out of style. It is obvious that Mushnik has ploughed some of his profits back into the- shop. It has been re-decorated with real formica on the counters, new refrigerated display cases with twinkling lights, kitschy pseudo-antique trimmings, the works. The Girls are also in the mass of customers and continue singing "Some Fun Now,” the lyrices of which fade into and mingle with the cacophony of the people in the store.
31) 6) dialog: You forgot! You forgot! Do yc- hear this, God? Are you listening, customers? He forgot! Seymour heads for the storeroom.
32) 9) dialog: Mind? What mind? The Shivas are our most important funereal =ccount. Who could forget such an order? He leaves.
32) 30) dialog: What kinda professional drives a motorcycle and wears a black leather jacket? MUSIC: A nasty, tambourine and chain-flavored “Leader of the Pack" musical vamp begins as we -- CoT TO:
54) 0) text: Mushnik appears at the front door. The night gate is down and locked, of course. He fumbles to find the correct key. He can't. He's frustrated. . He starts around through the alley to try the back door.
56) 0) text: Mushnik, fumbling with another key, hears the SOUND. He turns.
57) 0) text: Mushnik, stunned and sickened, forgets his business in the shop and turns.
63) 7) dialog: (pointing up to the shop) Little red dots all over the linoleum... Seymour, who had no idea they were there, loses his breath. MUSHNIK (cont.) Little red spots on the concrete outside!! I'm talking blood, Krelborn! I'm talking under my own roof... Mushnik is now at the tool cabinet. He opens it and grabs the axe... MUSHNIK (cont.) «+. An axe murderer! MUSIC: A BIG CHORD. Seymour's face falls. CLOSEUP of Seymour as Audrey Two is heard in ECHO.
63) 14) dialog: Everything you... ugh... done to her boyfriend.
63) 16) dialog: I saw you... chopping.
63) 20) dialog: Tell it to the police! INT. SHOP gl We now see the plant is singing.
64) 0) text: The door from the basement opens. The plant is im- mobile. Seymour walks into the room as Mushnik, gun in hand, follows. Crystal, Ronette and Chiffon are lurking in the shadows outside the shop window.
64) 8) dialog: And it, would be a shame, all things considered that your... life's work shouldn't be here waiting for you. CUT TO the Girls who are now inside the shop sitting on the counter.
64) 10) dialog: So... if you want me to... take care of this plant of yours... I assume you fertilize... CUT TO the Girls who are now standing right next to Seymour.
64) 22) dialog: Yes...
64) 24) dialog: Yes... Cur TO the Girls.
82) 74) text: monster musical comedy stars Rick Moranis, Ellen Greene a Vincent Gardenia, with a special appearance by Steve Mart and cameo appearances by John Candy, James Belushi, and Christopher Guest. -wb- “LITTLE SHOP_OF HORRORS" - Production Information - Mushnik's Flower Shop is the sleaziest floral store on Skid Row, Wilting corsages, dark brown greenery and bums sprawled in the doorway add credence to the deep-roo belief that whatever it is that lures people "downtown," isn't flowers. With business drooping lower than his Creeping Charlie, Mushnik has decided to throw in the trowel and lay off hi only two employees, the klutzy orphan Seymour and brave, battered Audrey. Then Seymour purchases a strange and int esting plant from an ancient Mandarin during a total ecli of the sun. And business blooms. Customers converge on the shabby premises, attracted by the odd potted pod in the window. Christening his priz Audrey II in honor of his secret love, Seymour showers it with mulch, gro-light and affection. But, as it develops, there's only one type of nourishment that Audrey II craves--and it's not available at your loc nursery! The Geffen Company presents a Frank Oz Film, "Little Shop of Horrors," released by The Geffen Company through Bros. Produced by David Geffen and directed by Frank Oz, monster musical comedy stars Rick Moranis, Ellen Greene a Vineent Gardenia, with a special appearance by Steve Mart -more- "LITTLE SHOP OF HORRORS" - Production Information ~2- and cameo appearances by John Candy, James Belushi and Christopher Guest. The screenplay and lyrics were written by Howard Ashman and the music composed by Alan Menken, who collab- orated on the off-Broadway and Londen stage hit on which the movie is based. The stage hit, which has since blossomed into a perennial, was inspired by Roger Corman's "Grade 2" horro film of the same title. Shot in 1960 on an unbelievable schedule of two days and a night (largely because Corman offered a storefront left over from another movie), "Litt Shop of Horrors" went on to become a cult classic. It was also notable for the brief, bizarre appearance of relative newcomer Jack Nicholson as a masochistic dent patient. New York theatre critics gave the stage production of “Little Shop of Horrors" a blue ribbon reception. The New Yorker's Edith Oliver hailed it as "a musical comedy that is both musical and comic... full of surprises and marvel effects." Richard Corliss in Time magazine welcomed "a carnivore with its own intimidating charm" which "envelop the stage and (gasp!) most of the audience." Winning the Drama Critics' Circle, Drama Desk and Outer Critics' Circle Awards as the season's best musical the show spawned an American touring company (which is st going strong), a two-year London run, and productions in France, Scandinavia, Israel, Japan, Germany, Australia an ~more- "LITTLE SHOP OF HORRORS" ~ Production Information -3- Iceland. With the acquisition of the screen rights by the David Geffen Company, the voracious Venus people~trap had blossomed thrice. Geffen's goal was to fuse the elements of the original story and the show into its own unique entity. The time-frame, he decided, would remain intact. Downtown, it is still 1960. Here, Seymour Krelborn (RICK MORANIS) toils slavishly for Mushnik (VINCENT GARDENIA), who plucked him "as a tyke" from the Skid Row Home for Homeless Boys. In his basement bedroom, where he raises exotic foliage, Seymour pines for Audrey (ELLEN GREENE), the lithe, blonde salesgirl with the Betty Boop voice and cinema noir wardrobe. But Audrey is literally a prisoner of love. Her steady crush--in more ways than one--is Orin Scrivello (STEVE MARTIN), a biker dentist whose delight for burning rubber is only exceeded by his joy for inflicting pain. When he isn't giving root canals a bad name or getting hi on his own nitrous oxide, Scrivello spends most of his ti putting Audrey in traction. One night, in the depths of Mushnik's cellar, Seymour pricks his finger on a rose~-and Audrey II gets her first slurp of RH negative. Audrey II grows. Seymour grows anemic. Audrey II demands more "sticky, licky sweets." Seymour buys more Band-Aids. If Mushnik's prosperity and his exhausted -more- "LITTLE SHOP OF HORRORS" - Production Information -4- errand boy are both to survive, fresh blood must be added to the floral food chain... For director Frank Oz, the challenge of "Little Shop of Horrors" was "deceptive." The project, he says, “looke simple, but wasn't. If we played it too camp, the audienc wouldn't care about the characters. If we were too straig we'd veer toward melodrama." What evolved was what Oz calls "heightened reality." In opening the stage show to encompass the littered alley decrepit tenements and end-of-the-line elevated train of Mushnik's neighborhood, he and Oscar-winning production d signer Roy Walker created a fantasy Skid Row. But within the sprawling set--which consumed every square inch of Pinewood Studios' "007" stage (the largest in the world)- also sought a certain "intimacy." "I didn't want to balloon it into a musical ‘War and ” Peace' or even a big, splashy '40s extravaganza," says th director. "There are no dizzying overhead crane shots. No irrelevant dance numbers. Nothing to overwhelm what is basically the simple story of a boy, a girl and a man-eat plant." Several production numbers, however, display amusing affection for film lore. The hollow-eyed vagrants, shuffl through the gutters of "Downtown," recall Busby Berkeley' Depression-era classic, "My Forgotten Man." "Somewhere That's Green" is a paean to the suburban never-never land scores of movies and ‘60s sitcoms. -more- "LITTLE SHOP OF HORRORS" - Production Information -5- Within the “heightened reality," Oz and Geffen gathered a colorfully incongruous cast. Seymour is played by Rick Moranis, one of the Canadian ' who Second City troupe's non-fraternal "McKenzie Brothers,' breezed through "Ghostbusters" as Sigourney Weaver's rand next-door nebbish. His "Little Shop..." role as a botanic body snatcher required "more straight acting than anythin I'd done before," says Moranis. "But the real attraction the chance to sing. Until now, I'd been limited mostly to parody." Ellen Greene, on the other hand, knew the role of Audrey "Like a second skin," having played it for two yea in New York, Los Angeles and London. (Time magazine prais her portrayal of "a sweet, sexy, slightly dizzy blonde wi an Elmer Fudd lisp, wittle-girl wiles" and a voice that “buckles theatre walls.") Her character, comments Greene, first came into focus during costume fittings for the off-Broadway show. "We we through about five wigs before Audrey became a cornsilk blonde," she explains. Next came the low-cut leopard skin dresses, stiletto heels and jangling of the B-movie heroi who were Audrey's role models. Vincent Gardenia insists that he was chosen as Mushnik because "Frank Oz liked my name.” The Naples-born actor, who began his career as a teenager playing old men in New Yor Italian theatre, calls Mushnik "a symphony of frustration He's a man trying to cling to the past despite the deprav ~more- "LITTLE SHOP OF HORRORS" - Production Information -6- building around him." At the root of much of that depravity is Steve Martin's Doctor Scrivello. (Call him anything other than "Doctor" he'll joyfully rip your eyeteeth out.) As the leather-cla “leader of the plaque," Scrivello parks his Harley Davids