33) 0) text: -EXTREME CLOSEUP of a black-leathered glove REVVING the accelerator of a moving motorcycle. CAMERA TILTS up to see a face covered by a black motorcycle helmet. Dark goggles cover the eyes. All we can see is the lower face of a toothy-grinning greaser with a Robert Goulet smile. We don't know it yet, but this is ORIN SCRIVELLO.
33) 1) dialog: When 7 was younger, just a bad little i My mama noticed funny things I did Like shootin' puppies with a B.B. gun I'd poison guppies, and when I was done -- I'd find a pussycat and bash in his head. That's when my Mama said... 42 43 44 40.
34) 0) text: Pedestrians busily moving along the sidewalk. Crystal, Ronette and Chiffon are sitting on a parked car as Orin pulls up.
34) 2) dialog: She said, my boy I think someday You'll find a way To make your natural tendencies pay. He stops in the corridor and opens a door. ORIN (cont.) You'll be a...
35) 0) text: Orin steps inside and unzips his black leather jacket underneath which he is wearing a white dentist's uniform. The Girls are now in the background wearing Dental Assistant's uniforms and singing back-up.
35) 1) dialog: Dentist! You have a talent for causing things pain. Orin takes off his helmet and flings it aside, hitting his nurse, Miss Mack, and knocking her out. ORIN (cont.) Son be a Dentist! People will pay you to be inhumane.
35) 3) dialog: Your temperment's wrong for the priesthood And teaching would suit you still less. (CONTINUED)
35) 15) dialog: Ah, shut up! Open wide! Here I come! REVERSE SHOT from inside the Patient's mouth. We see the back of his teeth, tongue, and lips and through the opening of the lips we see Orin and the Girls singing.
35) 16) dialog: I am your Dentist!
35) 18) dialog: And I enjoy the career that I picked.
35) 20) dialog: (EXITING SHOT)
35) 26) dialog: And I get off on the pain I inflict! On the word: "inflict" Orin violently swings open the door.
35) 31) dialog: (over the SCREECHING
35) 35) dialog: And though it may cause my patients distress. All the Patients in the waiting room cower back.
35) 39) dialog: Somewhere, Somewhere in heaven above me I know -- I know that my mama's proud of me ‘Cause I'm a Dentist! And a success! He slowly, menacingly starts to approach the Patient brandishing a WHINING DRILL in one hand and with the other hand he holds a water sprayer. He viciously sprays a thick, steady stream of water into the Patient's mouth. ORIN (cont.) Say ah.
35) 41) dialog: Say ah!
35) 43) dialog: ~ Say ah!
35) 45) dialog: (smugly, straight to CAMERA) Now spit. (CONTINUED)
36) 0) text: A CLOSEUP of about a gallon of water and pieces of gravel landing in the gutter. CAMERA TILTS UP to see a large vase of water being emptied by Seymour. He puts the first vase down, picks up a second one and as he empties the second one a motorcycle ROARS to a halt by the curb and splashes Seymour. It is Orin, in full black leather gear. He removes his helmet and de-bikes (again, the motorcycle miraculously stays up by itself). He approaches the shop, unscrewing the cap of a little metal inhaler as he walks.
36) 2) dialog: (smiling) Oh yes, I can.
36) 4) dialog: (lifting the inhaler to his nose) Relax. You want some nitrous oxide? ° . SEYMOUR No, no, thank you.
36) 5) dialog: (continuing toward shop) Suit yourself.
36) 11) dialog: (suddenly, loud) Hey!
36) 13) dialog: (extremely affable) I know you. Sure, I saw you on the news... Gimme a minute, now. I know your name... it's Cedric, Steven, Simon...
36) 15) dialog: (suddenly vicious) Somebody talkin' to you?
36) 17) dialog: Excuse me what?
36) 19) dialog: That's better. (turns to Seymour; a pussycat again) I know, you're the Plant Guy, right? He wait! It must be in there, huh? (CONTINUED)
36) 23) dialog: Sorry what?
36) 25) dialog: (to Seymour) Ya gotta train 'em, eh, stud? Listen, here's my card. You ever need a root canal or anything just give me a buzz, you hear? I'm serious. It's on the house. Okay, Aud-ree! Orin tosses his head summoning Audrey to follow. She sneaks one miserable, trapped glance at Seymour, then forces herself to join Orin on the motorcycle. As Orin REVS it up we see, on the cycle, a decal insignia of a tooth stuck with a dagger and the letters. "A.D.A." Orin calls back to Audrey over the ROAR OF THE ENGINE. ORIN (cont.) You got the handcuffs?
37) 0) text: Orin, astride his bike gleefully watches the start of "Creature from the Haunted Sea." Audrey, behind him on the bike (where she couldn't see the screen if she wanted to), is forced to sit holding the little drive- in SPEAKER. 53 54 55 56
39) 0) text: On the motorcycle, Orin snaps his fingers. Audrey pulls out an umbrella and holds it in one hand, the Speaker still in the other, covering Orin while she herself gets soaked.
41) 60) dialog: Stupid woman! Christ, what a friggin' scatterbrain!
41) 62) dialog: Drops the damned umbrella, gets me soaked!
41) 64) dialog: Get the door open, ya little slut. AUDREY (0.S.) . I'm trying, Doctor! I'm trying, Doctor! They appear now as silhouettes on the closed shade of Audrey's apartment window.
41) 65) dialog: Look at my jacket! Look at my hair! Get the Vitalis! Quick, the Vitalis!
41) 67) dialog: What? 127121? Still in silhouette on the shade, he slaps her. (CONTINUED)
41) 71) dialog: Can it!
43) 10) dialog: Next! Denton springs to his feet.
43) 12) dialog: (askance at the enthusiasm) Does that have an appointment?
43) 15) dialog: We'll see.
44) 0) text: Orin, taking a hit from his small nitrous oxide vial, comes toward Denton brandishing a drill.
46) 0) text: Denton is in a frenzy. Orin, having paused in his work for a moment, stares at him in disbelief.
46) 2) dialog: (under his breath) Get out.
46) 4) dialog: I said, get out! Denton comes running out of the office, Orin following close behind, carrying his drill. ORIN ,(cont.) Goddamn sicko! Move it! Denton is out the door in a flash. Orin, frenzied, whirls on Seymour, catching him off guard. : ORIN (cont.) Lemme ask you something. (brandishing drill) Does this scare you? (CONTINUED)
46) 8) dialog: Would you like it if I took this thing and made straight for your goddamn incisors?!
46) 10) dialog: It'd hurt, right?
46) 12) dialog: You'd scream, right?
46) 14) dialog: Then get your ass in here!
47) 0) text: Seymour struggles, but Orin easily straps him into the chair and shines the light right in Seymour's eyes.
47) 1) dialog: (as he straps him in) Don't I know you?
47) 3) dialog: Oo, your mouth's a mess, kid. Let's start with that wisdom tooth! Orin gets his pliers. (CONTINUED)
47) 7) dialog: We'll just rip the little bugger right outa there, whatdya say?
47) 9) dialog: There's always time for dental hygiene, Seymour. You ever seen the results of a neglected mouth? Look, Seymour! With a flick of his finger, Orin turns on a light box, similar to those used to read X-rays. This one, how- ever, displays an enormous color slide of a disgusting, rotted, decaying, salivating dog's mouth. , ORIN (cont.) This could happen to you! Seymour is about to be ill. ORIN (cont.) Unless I take immediate action. Orin grabs his WWII field DRILL and starts to pump the Grill's pedal. It makes a high-pitched, HORRIBLE SOUND.
47) 11) dialog: That's the drill, Seymour.
47) 13) dialog: It's an antique! (fondly) They don't make instruments like this any more. Sturdy, heavy, dull. This is gonna be a pleasure. He is about to drill Seymour when he gets an idea and stops abruptly. (CONTINUED)
47) 17) dialog: Nitrous oxide.
47) 19) dialog: Oh, the gas isn't for you, Seymour. It's for me. I wanna really enjoy this. In fact, I'm gonna use my special gas mask. As Orin speaks, he opens the cabinet and pulls out an elaborate mask. He straps it on around his neck. he is preoccupied enough not to notice... “ Seymour loosening his wrist restraints. ORIN (cont.) I find that a little giggle gas before we begin increases my pleasure enormously. The mask in place now, Orin turns the knob on the wall all the way up to Full. ~ ORIN (cont.) Here we go! HISSING SOUNDS. Orin immediately begins to get high and giggle. He is laughing so hard now, he has to hold onto a countertop for support. This turns his back toward Seymour. ORIN (cont.) Oh boy, Seymour, I am flyin' now. Oh, the things we are gonna do to your mouth! Heeeeyaaaahahahahaha! Orin tries to regain composure and straighten up. ORIN (cont.) ney okay, okay, okay. Work to Oe : (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
47) 22) dialog: (more laughter) Time to work. (more laughter) Okay, okay, straighten up and... He somehow manages to pull himself to an upright posi- tion and turns around. Suddenly, his expression is one of shock as he sees... Seymour, standing in the doorway, pointing a gun at him. ORIN (cont.) What the hell is that? Seymour closes his eyes and clenches his teeth, trying to make himself shoot. ORIN (cont.) A gun. (exploding with laughter, then talking through it with difficulty) The kid's got a goddamn revolver! (more laughter) Jesus, I'm in trouble, huh? He giggles hysterically as he turns the gas knob. It comes off in his hand. The HISSING SOUND continues. This strikes him funny. ORIN (cont.) Uh oh... Laughs. Seymour keeps the gun pointed, trying to force himself to actually pull the trigger. Orin makes an attempt to get the mask off, but he can barely get his arms up to his head. He's too weak from the gas and the laughter. ORIN (cont.) Oh boy... uh... Uh... Seymour, give me a hand, would ya? Er... no, I guess you wouldn't. He laughs. He tries to pull the hose out of the wall. The entire gas apparatus comes with it, sending Orin crashing to the floor. The HISSING CONTINUES. (CONTINUED)
58) 0) text: as MUSIC builds to a THUNDEROUS CLIMAX, Seymour is seen, gingerly and with great distaste, lifting bits of Orin (an arm with a studded leather wristband; a head frozen in a stupid grin) and dumping them into the plant's cavernous pod. EATING SOUNDS and then -- THE PLANT LAUGHS -- a deep, echoing, frightening laugh- ter that REVERBERATES as we:
82) 74) text: monster musical comedy stars Rick Moranis, Ellen Greene a Vincent Gardenia, with a special appearance by Steve Mart and cameo appearances by John Candy, James Belushi, and Christopher Guest. -wb- “LITTLE SHOP_OF HORRORS" - Production Information - Mushnik's Flower Shop is the sleaziest floral store on Skid Row, Wilting corsages, dark brown greenery and bums sprawled in the doorway add credence to the deep-roo belief that whatever it is that lures people "downtown," isn't flowers. With business drooping lower than his Creeping Charlie, Mushnik has decided to throw in the trowel and lay off hi only two employees, the klutzy orphan Seymour and brave, battered Audrey. Then Seymour purchases a strange and int esting plant from an ancient Mandarin during a total ecli of the sun. And business blooms. Customers converge on the shabby premises, attracted by the odd potted pod in the window. Christening his priz Audrey II in honor of his secret love, Seymour showers it with mulch, gro-light and affection. But, as it develops, there's only one type of nourishment that Audrey II craves--and it's not available at your loc nursery! The Geffen Company presents a Frank Oz Film, "Little Shop of Horrors," released by The Geffen Company through Bros. Produced by David Geffen and directed by Frank Oz, monster musical comedy stars Rick Moranis, Ellen Greene a Vineent Gardenia, with a special appearance by Steve Mart -more- "LITTLE SHOP OF HORRORS" - Production Information ~2- and cameo appearances by John Candy, James Belushi and Christopher Guest. The screenplay and lyrics were written by Howard Ashman and the music composed by Alan Menken, who collab- orated on the off-Broadway and Londen stage hit on which the movie is based. The stage hit, which has since blossomed into a perennial, was inspired by Roger Corman's "Grade 2" horro film of the same title. Shot in 1960 on an unbelievable schedule of two days and a night (largely because Corman offered a storefront left over from another movie), "Litt Shop of Horrors" went on to become a cult classic. It was also notable for the brief, bizarre appearance of relative newcomer Jack Nicholson as a masochistic dent patient. New York theatre critics gave the stage production of “Little Shop of Horrors" a blue ribbon reception. The New Yorker's Edith Oliver hailed it as "a musical comedy that is both musical and comic... full of surprises and marvel effects." Richard Corliss in Time magazine welcomed "a carnivore with its own intimidating charm" which "envelop the stage and (gasp!) most of the audience." Winning the Drama Critics' Circle, Drama Desk and Outer Critics' Circle Awards as the season's best musical the show spawned an American touring company (which is st going strong), a two-year London run, and productions in France, Scandinavia, Israel, Japan, Germany, Australia an ~more- "LITTLE SHOP OF HORRORS" ~ Production Information -3- Iceland. With the acquisition of the screen rights by the David Geffen Company, the voracious Venus people~trap had blossomed thrice. Geffen's goal was to fuse the elements of the original story and the show into its own unique entity. The time-frame, he decided, would remain intact. Downtown, it is still 1960. Here, Seymour Krelborn (RICK MORANIS) toils slavishly for Mushnik (VINCENT GARDENIA), who plucked him "as a tyke" from the Skid Row Home for Homeless Boys. In his basement bedroom, where he raises exotic foliage, Seymour pines for Audrey (ELLEN GREENE), the lithe, blonde salesgirl with the Betty Boop voice and cinema noir wardrobe. But Audrey is literally a prisoner of love. Her steady crush--in more ways than one--is Orin Scrivello (STEVE MARTIN), a biker dentist whose delight for burning rubber is only exceeded by his joy for inflicting pain. When he isn't giving root canals a bad name or getting hi on his own nitrous oxide, Scrivello spends most of his ti putting Audrey in traction. One night, in the depths of Mushnik's cellar, Seymour pricks his finger on a rose~-and Audrey II gets her first slurp of RH negative. Audrey II grows. Seymour grows anemic. Audrey II demands more "sticky, licky sweets." Seymour buys more Band-Aids. If Mushnik's prosperity and his exhausted -more- "LITTLE SHOP OF HORRORS" - Production Information -4- errand boy are both to survive, fresh blood must be added to the floral food chain... For director Frank Oz, the challenge of "Little Shop of Horrors" was "deceptive." The project, he says, “looke simple, but wasn't. If we played it too camp, the audienc wouldn't care about the characters. If we were too straig we'd veer toward melodrama." What evolved was what Oz calls "heightened reality." In opening the stage show to encompass the littered alley decrepit tenements and end-of-the-line elevated train of Mushnik's neighborhood, he and Oscar-winning production d signer Roy Walker created a fantasy Skid Row. But within the sprawling set--which consumed every square inch of Pinewood Studios' "007" stage (the largest in the world)- also sought a certain "intimacy." "I didn't want to balloon it into a musical ‘War and ” Peace' or even a big, splashy '40s extravaganza," says th director. "There are no dizzying overhead crane shots. No irrelevant dance numbers. Nothing to overwhelm what is basically the simple story of a boy, a girl and a man-eat plant." Several production numbers, however, display amusing affection for film lore. The hollow-eyed vagrants, shuffl through the gutters of "Downtown," recall Busby Berkeley' Depression-era classic, "My Forgotten Man." "Somewhere That's Green" is a paean to the suburban never-never land scores of movies and ‘60s sitcoms. -more- "LITTLE SHOP OF HORRORS" - Production Information -5- Within the “heightened reality," Oz and Geffen gathered a colorfully incongruous cast. Seymour is played by Rick Moranis, one of the Canadian ' who Second City troupe's non-fraternal "McKenzie Brothers,' breezed through "Ghostbusters" as Sigourney Weaver's rand next-door nebbish. His "Little Shop..." role as a botanic body snatcher required "more straight acting than anythin I'd done before," says Moranis. "But the real attraction the chance to sing. Until now, I'd been limited mostly to parody." Ellen Greene, on the other hand, knew the role of Audrey "Like a second skin," having played it for two yea in New York, Los Angeles and London. (Time magazine prais her portrayal of "a sweet, sexy, slightly dizzy blonde wi an Elmer Fudd lisp, wittle-girl wiles" and a voice that “buckles theatre walls.") Her character, comments Greene, first came into focus during costume fittings for the off-Broadway show. "We we through about five wigs before Audrey became a cornsilk blonde," she explains. Next came the low-cut leopard skin dresses, stiletto heels and jangling of the B-movie heroi who were Audrey's role models. Vincent Gardenia insists that he was chosen as Mushnik because "Frank Oz liked my name.” The Naples-born actor, who began his career as a teenager playing old men in New Yor Italian theatre, calls Mushnik "a symphony of frustration He's a man trying to cling to the past despite the deprav ~more- "LITTLE SHOP OF HORRORS" - Production Information -6- building around him." At the root of much of that depravity is Steve Martin's Doctor Scrivello. (Call him anything other than "Doctor" he'll joyfully rip your eyeteeth out.) As the leather-cla “leader of the plaque," Scrivello parks his Harley Davids