1) 3) dialog: «+. who is standing with his BACK TO CAMERA on top of a tall and dangerous "ladder" of crates, boxes and books. He is putting something away on a high shelf crammed with clothes, comic books and assorted junk. He, too, does not notice the Girls as they sing to him: (CONTINUED )
1) 4) text: GIRLS (cont.) Little Shop Little Shoppa Horrors No oh oh oh no Oh oh oh oh Oh oh oh no-oh-oh-oh! ON the last extended note of the song the Girls back AWAY FROM CAMERA and we are LEFT ALONE WITH Seymour. As he continues struggling we see an old beat-up RADIO on the lower shelf next to him from which we hear:
1) 8) dialog: Very little, Mr. Mushnik!
3) 0) text: -We have CUT TO ANOTHER ANGLE OF Seymour to see that the Girls are no longer there and to see that we are in: The basement. These dark Surroundings have been trans- formed into Seymour's pathetic living quarters with clothing, a hotplate, jun’ ‘ood containers, a sleeping cot, and crud everywhere. However, blooming amid the decay and the debris are hundreds of strange and exotic plants. They're growing lavishly in coffee cans, shav- ing mugs, the most unlikely containers, nourished by makeshift gro-lights. . Seymour starts picking up the mess he's made. He starts with the RADIO which is turned over on the floor and which is now EMITTING STATIC. He hits it and MUSIC COMES ON: Phil Spector and the Crystals' 1963 arrange- ment of "Uptown"...
6) 4) dialog: I got these pots unloaded for you, Mr. Mushnik... But even before the sentence is finished, he has lost his footing. Seymour and the pots fall to the floor with an EAR-SPLITTING CRASH, identical to the ones we have heard before.
6) 7) dialog: (still on the floor) Hi, Audrey. You look radiant today. Is that new eye makeup?
8) 0) text: Seymour is sweeping his mess.
8) 1) dialog: Poor! All my life I've always been poor I keep asking God what I'm for And He tells me, Gee, I'm not sure (mimicking Mushnik) Sweep that floor kid! (himself again) Oh! I started life as an orphan, child of the street Here on Skid Row!
9) 0) text: During the previous lyrics, CAMERA has turned a full 360 degrees to show the chorus in the background and it now FOLLOWS Seymour out of the shop onto the sidewalk as he sings:
9) 1) dialog: He took me in, gave me shelter A bed, crust of bread and a job Treats me like dirt, calls me a slob... Which I am So I live (CONTINUED)
9) 5) dialog: That's your home address, you live...
9) 7) dialog: When your life's a mess, you live...
9) 9) dialog: Where depressions's jes' status quo!
9) 11) dialog: Someone show me a way to get outa here ‘Cause I constantly pray I'll get outa here Please won't somebody say I'll get outa here Someone gimme my shot or I'll rot here. CAMERA CRANES DOWN WITH Seymour as he stops in front of an old rusty cyclone fence which creates a cul de sac. CAMERA is now BEHIND the fence as we see Seymour through the steel mesh. Suddenly a filthy hand comes up grabbing the wire, followed by its body, and another body, and another, and another. We see that the bodies are those of BUMS slowly crawling up the cyclone fence almost on top of each other as they menacingly sing to Seymour who is backing away and also singing.
9) 12) dialog: Show me how and I will Downtown I'll get outa here There's no rules I'll start climbin' For us! Uphill : Downtown (MORE ) (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
9) 15) dialog: And get outa here Someone tell me I still Could get outa here
9) 17) dialog: Someone tell Lady Luck That I'm stuck here
9) 19) dialog: 
9) 22) dialog: AUDREY (cont.) People tell me There's not a way Outa Skid But believe me I gotta get Outa Skid Row
10) 0) text: ALL (Cont.) Downtown Skid Row! 13 Mushnik, Seymour and Audrey are in the shop. Mushnik, depressed, glances up at the clock. (CONTINUED)
10) 6) dialog: You can't mean...
10) 10) dialog: Mr. Mushnik, forgive me for saying so, but has it ever occurred to you that maybe what the firm needs is to move in a new direction?
10) 16) dialog: I'm afraid it isn't feeling very well today.
10) 19) dialog: I dunno. It looks like some kinda flytrap, but I haven't been able to identify it in any of my books. So I gave it my own name. I call it an Audrey Two.
10) 21) dialog: I hope you don't mind. (beat) You see, sir, if you put a strange and interesting plant like this, here in the window, maybe...
10) 24) dialog: It's an Audrey Two! CUSTOMER © I've never seen anything like it before. (CONTINUED)
10) 27) dialog: No one has.
10) 29) dialog: Well -- you remember that total eclipse of the sun a couple of weeks ago? FLASHBACK ("Da Doo"): Through this entire sequence, we hear Seymour in V.0O. and see him in the situations he describes. Crystal, Ronette, and Chiffon are always in the recalled scenes with him, just sort of there, hanging out on a stoop or lurking in a corner, singing backup with appropriately choreographed girl-group gestures.
11) 3) dialog: (spoken) - I was walking in the wholesale flower district that day...
11) 5) dialog: And I passed by this place where this old Chinese man... ” CLOSEUP: An elderly Mandarin with a crazed and evil leer. (CONTINUED)
11) 9) dialog: He sometimes sells me weird and exotic cuttings... Mandarin chops a leaf off a plant with a dangerous- looking Oriental saber.
11) 11) dialog: ‘Cause he knows, ya see, that strange plants are my hobby. Seymour examines it.
11) 13) dialog: He didn't have anything unusual there that day.
11) 15) dialog: So I was just about to, you know, walk on by...
11) 17) dialog: When suddenly and without warning -- There was this... (CONTINUED)
11) 20) dialog: Total eclipse of the sun!
11) 21) dialog: It got very dark. Just as suddenly, the eclipse is over. We're back on the street and Seymour looks at the Mandarin in puzzlement. The Mandarin glances down at a row of flower buckets containing cut flowers.
11) 24) dialog: And when the light came back, this weird plant was just sitting there. GIRLS . . Oops-ee-do!
11) 25) dialog: Just stuck in, you know, among the zinneas. Seymour picks up the plant and examines it.
11) 27) dialog: I coulda sworn it hadn't been there before, but the old Chinese man sold it to me anyway... Seymour fishes in his pocket for one dollar and some change which he gives to the inscrutable MANDARIN. SEYMOUR (V.0O.) (cont.) For a dollar ninety-five. Seymour walks up the street, away from us, carrying his new plant.
12) 5) dialog: Twice as many? (CONTINUED)
12) 18) dialog: Audrey Two.
14) 0) text: As Audrey hurriedly passes through, Seymour gazes at her longingly. (CONTINUED)
14) 3) dialog: Goodnight... And she's gone. Seymour looks sadly off in her direction. Mushnik emerges from the storeroom.
14) 5) dialog: (forlorn. Trying to cheer himself up) Are we still going to dinner? Mushnik is about to answer kindly when his eye notices:
14) 8) dialog: I told you it's been giving me trouble. It just wilts like this. The Audrey Two is not a healthy girl!
14) 10) dialog: If only I knew what breed it was, what genus. But it's nowhere in the books. (CONTINUED)
14) 14) dialog: I know.
14) 15) text: So work, Seymour! Nurse this plant back to health! I'm counting on you!
14) 16) dialog: I know.
14) 18) dialog: I do.
15) 0) text: MUSIC IN: The intro to "Grow for Me." -As we watch Mushnik disappear, sunset gives way to evening. One by one, lights pop on in windows up and down the street. Winos light fires and huddle beside them with brown- bagged bottles. A light pops on in Seymour's basement . room.
16) 0) text: Seymour is looking through the basement window at...
16) 4) dialog: I've given you sunshine I've given you dirt You've given me nothin’ But heartache and hurt. I'm beggin' you sweetly, I'm down on my knees. Oh please, grow for me. I've give you plantfood And water to sip. I've given you potash. You've given me... zip! Oh God, how I mist you. Oh pod, how you tease. Now. please, grow for me. Seymour grabs a gardening -book from the shelf and leafs through it. SEYMOUR (cont.) I've given you southern exposure To get you to thrive I've pinched you back hard, like I'm S'posed ta You're barely alive I've tried you at levels of moisture From desert to mud He gives up for a while and starts putting his room in semi-order. SEYMOUR (cont.) I've given you grow-lights and mineral supplements. What do you want from me? Blood? Seymour picks up some dead roses, the thorns of which have pricked his finger. It bleeds just a little... but brightly. SEYMOUR (cont.) Damned roses! Damned thorns! Seymour rummages around through a box to find some band-aids. His finger keeps bleeding. Near him, a light from behind casts the plant's shadow on the wall. Suddenly... (CONTINUED)
18) 0) text: It is separated from the studio by glass. We faintly hear the news broadcast as we see, sitting in a chair, aman holding a fish which is stuffed and mounted. The fish has a human nose and mustache. Next to the man and fish is seated a little boy holding a Rube Goldberg-type machine. Next to him, and also seated, is a six-foot tall wooden ventriloquist's dummy. Sitting on the dummy's lap is a live midget who is casually. smoking a cigarette. And next to him is Seymour with Audrey Two on his lap. They are all patiently waiting their turn. The plant is now a good twelve inches taller than when we saw it last. Seymour wears ten band-aids... one on each of his fingers. Unseen by the others, including Seymour, Audrey Two starts leaning towards the engineer who is adjusting some dials. The plant inches closer to the engineer. (CONTINUED)
18) 4) dialog: Uh, hello... Wink.
18) 8) dialog: Well... you remember that total eclipse of the sun a couple of weeks ago?
20) 1) dialog: (spoken) I was walkin' in the wholesale flower district that day...
21) 2) dialog: Gosh, nol Mushnik shakes his head in disbelief.
21) 6) dialog: I'd like to remind our listeners that the Audrey Two is on display exclusively at Mushnik's Skid Row Florist's... During the above. From inside we see that Audrey is outside banging on the front door. Mushnik rushes over and opens it. Her black eye is a little better, but she now wears her arm in a chic leopard-print sling.
21) 8) dialog: That's Mushnik's... M... And so until next Uses Soo. Hows Nowe Ione Wednesday, this is Wink K... Open six days a week, Wilkensen saying so ten to six! long and watch out for what's weird. Mushnik switches OFF THE RADIO.
23) 0) text: It is a typical, small Skid Row apartment, however, Audrey has tried to cover the poverty in which she lives by decorating it in a style we would call "Frilly Woolworth's." She enters and looks out her window at the picture of Seymour across the street as she sings:
24) 0) text: We see a merrily pot-bellied Seymour mowing the lawn in a brightly colored Ban-Lon shirt, as a COCKER SPANIEL YAPS at his heels.
28) 0) text: Audrey and Seymour snuggle on the couch. The kids are on the floor, watching Lucy with her hand stuck in a bowling ball. Even the dog and cat are snuggled and enjoying the program. Audrey continues to sing in V.O.
29) 0) text: Audrey and Seymour tuck the kids into bunk beds and chuckle at the pets asleep with them.
31) 5) dialog: (looking very anemic) Mrs. Shiva! I forgot!
32) 0) text: The shop's little storage room has been converted into a flower arranging area. Audrey is hard at work on a "Get Well Soon" arrangement which includes not only flowers but handy pocket packs of Kleenex and bottles of aspirin. Behind her a sign advertises "Arrangements by Audrey." From the other room, we hear the bustling SOUNDS of the successful shop. ‘Seymour rushes in just as Audrey puts the final touch into her arrangement... a thermometer. .
32) 1) dialog: (entering) Audrey, quick... we gotta do an emergency arrangement.
32) 3) dialog: Funeral.
32) 5) dialog: Mr. Mushnik's really mad. I keep forgetting things. I guess it's ‘cause I feel a little weak and lightheaded all the time..
32) 11) dialog: I don't mind. After all, I owe him everything. He took me out of the Skid Row Home for Boys when I was just a little tyke... gave me a warm place to sleep... under the counter... good things to eat like meatloaf and water... Floors to sweep and toilets to clean and...
32) 16) dialog: Aw, I'ma very bad shopper, Audrey. I don't have good taste... He looks admiringly down at the glittering arrangement, then adoringly up into her eyes. . SEYMOUR (cont.) «ee Like you.
32) 20) dialog: You'd go shopping with me?
32) 22) dialog: You'd be seen with me in a public Place like a department store?
32) 24) dialog: Tonight? (CONTINUED)
36) 0) text: A CLOSEUP of about a gallon of water and pieces of gravel landing in the gutter. CAMERA TILTS UP to see a large vase of water being emptied by Seymour. He puts the first vase down, picks up a second one and as he empties the second one a motorcycle ROARS to a halt by the curb and splashes Seymour. It is Orin, in full black leather gear. He removes his helmet and de-bikes (again, the motorcycle miraculously stays up by itself). He approaches the shop, unscrewing the cap of a little metal inhaler as he walks.
36) 1) dialog: I'm sorry, sir. You can't go in there now.
36) 3) dialog: No, really, sir. We're closed!
36) 6) dialog: Uh... sir... You really can't... Audrey comes out of the shop, dressed for her date.
36) 12) dialog: (involuntarily) Sir?
38) 0) text: With a tacky neon sign in the background and a woman in robe and curlers carrying food in the foreground, Seymour, depressed to the point of desperation, sits at a picnic table watching them. THUNDER. A sudden cloudburst.
40) 0) text: Seymour, dejected and getting wet, bicycles away.
41) 0) text: Seymour, miserable and wet from his ride, sits on the floor next to AUDREY TWO. He pats the pot as he talks to it. He needs a friend.
41) 1) dialog: You oughta see the way he treats her Twoey. She deserves a prince, not a sadistic creep like him. The man's a total disgrace to the dental profession. I don't know what's goin' on sometimes. Seems like the whole world's goin' crazy. Least we got each other, right? I'm gonna turn in, Twoey. See ya in the... Seymour starts for the basement when he hears a CRUNCH- ING SOUND. He turns around and sees that -- Audrey Two has wilted dramatically. SEYMOUR (cont.) Oh boy, here we go again. He looks down at his fingers. There's still a bandage on each one. (CONTINUED)
41) 5) dialog: I beg your pardon?
41) 7) dialog: Twoey... you talked... you opened your trap, your.thing and you said...
41) 9) text: Look, maybe I can squeeze a little more out of this one, but -- Seymour stands over the gaping pod, trying to squeeze a drop or two from his bone-dry finger.-
41) 11) dialog: There isn't any more! Whatdya want me to do? Slit my wrists? Silently the Plant opens its pod as if to say "You got iti" SEYMOUR (cont.) (scared now) Oh boy. (trying to stay calm) Look... I got an idea... (MORE) (CONTINUED)
41) 16) dialog: I'm-a-go down to Shmendrik's and pick you up some nice chopped sirloin.
41) 18) dialog: Twoey, that's disgusting.
41) 20) dialog: I don't want to hear this. "Git It." The Plant starts to sing.
41) 22) dialog: (spoken) Does it have to be human?
41) 24) dialog: Does it have to be mine?
41) 26) dialog: Where am I s'posed to get it? goes into a "Rock Me, Baby" style blues riff, swaying its leaves and moving its pod with slick in- sinuation.
41) 31) dialog: (spoken) You eat blood, Audrey Two, let's face it. How'm I s'posed to keep on feeding you, kill people?
41) 33) dialog: What?
41) 35) dialog: Look, you're a plant! An inanimate object! Seymour heads out again. The Plant sends a vine flying out across the room and wraps it around Seymour's
41) 37) dialog: Like what?
41) 45) dialog: Gee, I'd like a Harley machine... (CONTINUED)
41) 49) dialog: Toolin' around like I was James Dean...
41) 51) dialog: Makin' all the guys on the corner Turn green!
41) 53) dialog: (spoken) Wait a minute, wait a minute! That's not a very nice thing to Say.
41) 55) dialog: No! I don't know anyone who deserves to get chopped up and fed to a hungry plant!
42) 0) text: MUSIC BUILDS to a climax as Seymour slowly turns, red- faced and trembling, toward the Plant. He's a man possessed now -- ready to do anything to save Audrey from the clutches of that beast across the street.
42) 1) dialog: (singing tight, angry harmony) If you want a rationale It isn't very hard to see Stop and think it over, pal, The guy sure looks like plantfood to _me! The guy sure looks like plantfood to me! The guy sure looks like plantfood to me! : : : The Plant, jumping up and down -- its pot hammering the floorboards -- is singing and "dancing" wildly now, shaking everything it's got working Seymour up to a frenzy.
42) 2) dialog: He's so nasty, treating her rough!
42) 4) dialog: You need blood, and he's got more than enough!
42) 6) dialog: You (I) need blood and he's got more than enough! The Plant's pod looks Seymour straight in the eye...
45) 0) text: Seymour opens the door and looks around. Nobody there. Be enters and sits. He is extremely nervous as he puts his hand in his pocket and pulls out a gun. He looks at it and puts it back quickly as, from the inner of- fice, he hears Denton's CRIES of pleasure surfacing over the SOUND OF DRILLING.
45) 1) text: That was terrific! More! LOUDER DRILLING 0.S. DENTON (0.S.) (cont.) Don't stop! Oh, God, don't stop now! Seymour winces.
46) 7) dialog: Yeah.
46) 9) dialog: No!
46) 11) dialog: Right!
46) 13) dialog: Right!
46) 15) dialog: What?! Before Seymour can do anything, Orin has started haul- ing him into the office.
47) 0) text: Seymour struggles, but Orin easily straps him into the chair and shines the light right in Seymour's eyes.
47) 2) dialog: Seymour Krelborn, we met yester... Orin forces Seymour's mouth wide open and looks in gleefully.
47) 6) dialog: No!
47) 8) dialog: Let me go! Orin turns to Seymour, suddenly smiling.
47) 10) dialog: What's that?
47) 12) dialog: It's rusty!
47) 16) dialog: Gas?
47) 18) dialog: Oh, thank God. I thought you weren't going to use any.
47) 26) dialog: Nothin' (beat; then quietly) It's what you did to her. Orin stares Seymour in the face. ‘ORIN Her who? Beat. He gets it. We see it in his eyes. He knows why Seymour has come. ORIN (cont.) Oh. (beat) Her. Orin loses consciousness. His head, still encased in the mask, hits the floor WITH A THUD. He's dead. Seymour slowly lowers the unused gun to his side. MUSIC: Sturm and Drang. A full orchestral "Little Shop" in a minor key.
48) 0) text: Seymour is slowly and laboriously dragging a very large and heavy white bag. 65 66 67 68 69 65.
49) 0) text: Seymour, emerging from an alley, checks to see that no one is around and then crosses the street, straining to drag the large white bag with him.
50) 0) text: Seymour stands. before Audrey Two, the white bag at his feet. The plant, back-lit, seems bigger than ever. Seymour suddenly seems very small and insignificant. Seymour turns to leave.
50) 2) dialog: What!!!
50) 4) dialog: (defeated) Okay, okay. Okay.
51) 0) text: Sturm and Drang MUSIC CONTINUES. Seymour looks around nervously, then drags the white bag out of the shop, into courtyard.
52) 0) text: Seymour rummages around in the tool cabinet until he finds what he's looking for:
53) 0) text: Seymour enters with the axe, a bucket, and a pile of old newspapers. He starts spreading the papers out on the concrete. 70 71 72 73 74 66.
55) 0) text: Seymour grits his teeth, closes his eyes, and raises the axe.
58) 0) text: as MUSIC builds to a THUNDEROUS CLIMAX, Seymour is seen, gingerly and with great distaste, lifting bits of Orin (an arm with a studded leather wristband; a head frozen in a stupid grin) and dumping them into the plant's cavernous pod. EATING SOUNDS and then -- THE PLANT LAUGHS -- a deep, echoing, frightening laugh- ter that REVERBERATES as we:
59) 0) text: A police car has pulled up in front of Audrey's house. Two officers, Frank and Joe, are talking to her. She looks shocked by something they've said. Seymour starts to dress, frantically.
60) 0) text: The officers climb into their car and pull away. Audrey sits on the stoop, very upset. Seymour waits until the police have pulled away, then approaches from across the street. Audrey is about to ery and doesn't want him to see. She starts away from him, moving down the street. He follows.
60) 1) dialog: Audrey -- what did they say to you?
60) 3) dialog: The police.
60) 5) dialog: Audrey, talk to me. What'd they say? : She gives in and stops.
60) 7) dialog: The... police told you that? (CONTINUED)
60) 11) dialog: They do?
61) 1) dialog: Audrey... Audrey, please don't cry... Would it be... s0 terrible... if something had happened to him? AUDREY ° Seymour, what a thing to say!
61) 2) dialog: Well, would it?
61) 4) dialog: See? (CONTINUED)
61) 8) dialog: Audrey, you shouldn't waste one more minute worrying about that creep. There's a lot of guys would give anything to go out with you. Nice guys.
61) 10) dialog: That's not true. She rises and moves away. She could never say this to his face.
61) 12) dialog: The gutter?
61) 14) dialog: Audrey, that's all behind you now. You've got nothing to be ashamed of. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
61) 17) dialog: You're a very nice person and I always knew you were. Underneath the bruises and the handcuffs, you know what I saw? A girl I respected. I still do. (sung) Lift up your head Wash off your mascara Here... take my Kleenex, Wipe that lipstick away Show me your face Clean as the mornin' I know things were bad But now they're okay. He rises and is suddenly framed against a yellow morn- ing sky, glimpsed at the end of the alley. For a moment he's Gary Cooper, John Glenn, Gordon MacCrea. Audrey looks up at him in awe. SEYMOUR (cont.) Suddenly, Seymour Is standing beside you You don't need no make-up Don't have to pretend Suddenly, Seymour Is here to provide you Sweet Understanding Seymour's your friend. Audrey does not sing back to him. She sings, instead, to God, her eyes brimming with tears.
61) 22) dialog: Tell me this feelin' lasts ‘til forever Tell me the bad times Are clean washed away She moves away from him, up onto a fire escape -- "to think."
61) 24) dialog: Suddenly, Seymour!
61) 26) dialog: He purified you!
61) 28) dialog: Suddenly, Seymour!
61) 32) dialog: Yes, you can --
61) 35) dialog: With Sweet Understanding --
61) 37) dialog: With Sweet Understanding -- AUDREY . Sweet Understanding
62) 0) text: MUSIC: "Suddenly Seymour" playoff. Seymour enters the shop. He is on cloud nine. He passes the plant as if in a trance. Audrey Two has practically doubled in bulk. The plant is glowing with green good health and its vines are all over the shop. It's even started to bud. It turns to see Seymour go down to the basement.
63) 0) text: Seymour jumps on his cot. From under his pillow he takes out a photo of Audrey. He looks at it dreamily and is just about to kiss it when he is startled by...
63) 4) dialog: Mr. Mushnik -- you Scared me.
63) 6) dialog: What depths? What sink? What are you talking about? MUSIC IN: "“Suppertime Intro," a tension-producing "tubular bells"=-style vamp.
63) 18) dialog: It's true! I chopped him up. But I didn't kill him!
64) 0) text: The door from the basement opens. The plant is im- mobile. Seymour walks into the room as Mushnik, gun in hand, follows. Crystal, Ronette and Chiffon are lurking in the shadows outside the shop window.
64) 12) dialog: She... needs... to be fed, sir. The PLANT RUSTLES ITS LEAVES in anticipation.
64) 15) dialog: Just... potash... you know... the usual minerals and all.
64) 19) dialog: And on Thursdays you give it wate.... CUT TO the Girls who are now grinning behind the plant.
64) 21) dialog: «+. Of course you have to clean the leaves.
64) 23) dialog: But most importantly, whatever you do...
64) 26) dialog: «e- whatever you do... just be sure... By now we see the plant has opened its vast, cavernous mouth and is waiting... CUT TO the Bums outside leering. CuT TO Mushnik.
65) 0) text: Seymour sits in a booth with an aging but glamorous BLONDE LADY from LIFE MAGAZINE and her creepy, leering male ASSISTANT. They are finishing a very lavish lunch. Seymour has caviar stains on his collar.
66) 0) text: Banks of television monitors are in the background. The same image is on each monitor: A smiling photo of Seymour with Audrey Two in front of a logo. (CONTINUED)
66) 4) text: The concept is mine. The Flunky produces a contract and pen and urges them on Seymour.
67) 0) text: We are CLOSE IN on two tall impressive looking mahogany doors. The doors swing open. CAMERA PULLS BACK as we see two men, one holding a contract, the other smoking a cigar and with his arm around Seymour. They walk PAST CAMERA and we hold on Crystal, Ronette, and Chiffon in the foreground. They are each sitting at a desk in front of typewriters. In the background are about ten women also at desks with typewriters. They type and bounce in time to the music as the girls sing.
68) 6) dialog: My future's starting I've got to let it Stick with that plant, and gee, My bank account will thrive The green, slow falling money has turned into green, thick, undulating plant vines. Seymour now struggles to disentangle himself from them. SEYMOUR (V.O.) (cont.) What am I saying No way, forget it It's much too dangerous to keep that plant alive. He finally frees himself and runs as we...
68) 11) dialog: I take these offers That means more killing Who knew success would come with messy, nasty strings.
68) 14) dialog: I sign these contracts, That means I'm willing To keep on doing bloody, awful, evil things
68) 17) dialog: No! No! There's only so far you can bend! Seymour whips around TO CAMERA and we see that he is now a plant. He is green, with plant markings. Vines are where his arms should be. Of course he still wears his glasses and cap as we PULL BACK and see that he is buried ass-high in a terra-cotta pot. SEYMOUR (V.0O.) (cont.) No! No! This nightmare must come to an end! 91 92 83.
69) 1) dialog: cur TO: Seymour, in his pajamas, at the tool chest. He grabs the axe. SEYMOUR (cont.) You've got no alternative, Seymour old boy.
69) 5) dialog: If life were tawdry and impoverished as before She might not like me She might not want me (CONTINUED)
69) 9) dialog: Where do I sign?
69) 17) text: Paragraph nine. Seymour signs the contracts.
70) 0) text: Seymour tries to push through the throng. (CONTINUED)
70) 4) dialog: Please! Please! Let me through.
71) 5) dialog: (distraught) It just... needs to be fed.
71) 7) dialog: (becoming more agitated) I can't, not now!
71) 9) dialog: (exploding) It doesn't eat plant food and I can't feed it now! Just leave me alone, will ya? All of you! Why won't you all leave me a... !
71) 11) dialog: (coming to his senses a bit) I know... I know... I'm sorry... Seymour runs to the back door. Audrey follows him.
72) 0) text: The sun is just beginning to set. Audrey discovers Seymour sitting on a trash heap, face in hands. She moves to him.
72) 1) dialog: (sof’."-, to himself) What am I gonna do? What am I gonna do?
72) 3) dialog: Huh?
72) 5) dialog: Czechoslovakia. He could be gone avery long time. (beat) Audrey -- could I ask you something?
72) 7) dialog: Just suppose there'd never been an Audrey Two and I was just a nothing again, a nobody... (he pauses, afraid to ask) Would you still like me?
72) 12) dialog: Then marry me, Audrey. I'll take you to that little development you've always dreamed about and once we're there it'll be happy ever after, I promise. Nice little house... nice little car... and no-plants. No plants at all...:We'll go to Alaska!
72) 14) dialog: Then will you? Will you marry me?
72) 16) dialog: You will?
72) 18) dialog: Tonight?
72) 20) dialog: I'll pick you up in an hour and we'll go to City Hall! (singing) Suddenly, Seymour Is standing beside you...
73) 0) text: It's deserted now. Outside, the sun sinks lower. The plant is still wilted and lifeless. Seymour stands looking at it in silence for a moment, then very quietly tries to sneak past it. But just as he gets to the door, a spooky, hoarse whisper stop. him dead in his tracks. i AUDREY TWO Feed me!
73) 1) dialog: Under no circumstances.
73) 3) dialog: I will not so stop asking.
73) 5) dialog: No. No more. I can't take living with the guilt. .
73) 7) dialog: Watch your language.
73) 9) dialog: Okay... okay... I'll bring you meat. I'll run down to the corner and I'll pick you up some ground round, how ‘bout that?
73) 11) dialog: Look, it's my last offer. Yes or no?
73) 13) dialog: Done. Fine. Great. And don't think you're getting dessert. 97 98 99 91.
74) 0) text: As the sun slips further down, Winos gather and light fires. Seymour walks down the street and disappears.
78) 16) dialog: Get off of her! Get off of her! He finally succeeds in getting the pod open just enough to pull her out. She is alive, but just barely. Her dress is tastefully stained with just a bit of red. He drags her out of the shop, kicking the fighting vines and branches out of his way as he goes, until he gets her beyond their reach and through the door.
79) 0) text: It is night now. The golden glow of a street lamp floods lyrically down on them, as Seymour lowers the dying Audrey to the moonlight pavement, and cradles her in his arms. MUSIC COMES IN SOFTLY UNDER.
79) 1) dialog: Don't die, Audrey. Please, please don't die.
79) 5) dialog: (the ultimate confession) : It's true. I did it. I fed them to it.
79) 7) dialog: (he hates himself) I've done terrible things, but not to you, never to you.
79) 9) dialog: What?
79) 11) dialog: You don't know what you're saying -- transfigured, she's Joan of Arc, Little Eva, Melanie Wilkes -- going out in a blaze of angelic self- lessness.
80) 0) text: The mood is one of Wagnerian splendor. It's Gotter- dammerung, as Seymour ritualistically fulfills Audrey's dying wish and places her gently, tenderly, into the light-filled pod. He kneels, tears streaming down his cheeks, to see the act to completion. Audrey slowly begins to slip further and further away from us, into the light beaming from the plant's "throat." At last, she's gone. Seymour rises, destroyed, and runs from the shop -- out onto the street.
81) 0) text: Seymour finds the first fire escape he can and climbs it.
82) 0) text: MUSIC: the last notes of the "Death of Audrey" chorale trail off, giving way to TRAFFIC SOUNDS, as Seymour reaches the top of the building, stumbles to the edge, and looks down. ANGLE - THE STRER? - SEYMOUR'S POV.
82) 4) dialog: I'm not interested.
82) 13) dialog: Every household in Americal That's what you had in mind all along, isn't it? AUDREY TwO (Its voice now an unearthly rumble) No shit, Sherlock. 110
82) 16) dialog: We're not talking about one hungry plant here! We're talking about... World conquest! . AUDREY 1wO You got it!
82) 17) dialog: You ate the only thing I ever loved! ! The plant, laughing, draws itself up to its full height and begins to sing from old-fashioned Rock and Roll. takes out
82) 41) text: AUDREY TWO (Cont.) (Singing) Why not face it Seymour Iam Baa-aa-aads Audrey Two goes for the big finish: with a gargantuan yank of the rafters it creates an avalanche of brick, wood, and plaster that rages down over the Plant and Seymour. Before the dust has even settled we hear the . Plant laughing triumphantly. ‘The shop looks like it has just survived the blitzkrieg. The walls are partially demolish chunks of ceiling have caved in. On the other side of wha used to be the shop, Seymour, filthy, wounded, and exhaus emerges from under a pile of rubble. Dazed, but sensing h is still in danger, he quickly scrambles, rolls, falls, a crawls away from the shop and into the street out of reac of the mocking Plant. Breathing heavily and seemingly half-mad he takes the her stature of a mad prophet or of Kevin McCarthy in Invasion the Body Snatchers as he shouts...
82) 42) dialog: I'll warn fem’ I'll warn tem! I'11 tell *em' you're coming! The human race won't take this lying down! And wherever.your kind grows... whatever you try..-WE'LL BE WAITING FOR YOU! Seymour turns and runs pushing his way through a few bums that have been watching.
82) 43) dialog: (Shouting to the rooftops) They're coming! They're coming! Don't feed ‘em! Don't feed the plants! Don't feed the plants! As Seymour exits screaming, we hear the rumbling, demonic laughter of the Plant in the distance. The bums too begin cackling until we are left with the almost deserted stree echoing with dark, ominous laughter. LIMBO. AMERICAN FLAG,” MUSIC: A tense rhythm begins which grows into grand magisterial msic--the intro to "Subsequent to the Events"
82) 52) text: EXT. NEW JERSEY. NIGHT. CHORUS (V.0. Cont.) : (Singing) In the background Manhattan is : on fire. In the foreground two or Hold your hat three more Audrey Two's are attacking... a mind boggling mass of leaves, vines, . tendrils, and roots...they are lumbering And hang onto yo towards the foreground. Suddenly, from ° . thedistance, a torn, haggard figure comes running to camera. Crkzéd and totally © Something's comin hysterical he runs up into an extreme close-up...his face filling the screen wr Screams... 1, To eat the world whole! oh SEYMOUR «2 6) : : They're. Herett They" re heret If we fight it Runt!t!; THEY'RE HERELLt He’ turns and runs to mid-background We've still got a ch screaming, trying to help the others fight the plant.as we see cars overturned, . : broken fire hydrants spewing water, downed put whatever t electricalilines crackling with sparks, . police and National Guard soldiers firing away, fires burning out of cdritrol in the  Though:they'r distance. It is the end of civilization for you! ° . as we know it. Men, women and children... including Seymour...run screaming up to and past camera as the Audrey Two is : Please whatever th almost upon them and: us. advancing menacingly, ’ inexorably to camera and, opening its.’
82) 74) text: monster musical comedy stars Rick Moranis, Ellen Greene a Vincent Gardenia, with a special appearance by Steve Mart and cameo appearances by John Candy, James Belushi, and Christopher Guest. -wb- “LITTLE SHOP_OF HORRORS" - Production Information - Mushnik's Flower Shop is the sleaziest floral store on Skid Row, Wilting corsages, dark brown greenery and bums sprawled in the doorway add credence to the deep-roo belief that whatever it is that lures people "downtown," isn't flowers. With business drooping lower than his Creeping Charlie, Mushnik has decided to throw in the trowel and lay off hi only two employees, the klutzy orphan Seymour and brave, battered Audrey. Then Seymour purchases a strange and int esting plant from an ancient Mandarin during a total ecli of the sun. And business blooms. Customers converge on the shabby premises, attracted by the odd potted pod in the window. Christening his priz Audrey II in honor of his secret love, Seymour showers it with mulch, gro-light and affection. But, as it develops, there's only one type of nourishment that Audrey II craves--and it's not available at your loc nursery! The Geffen Company presents a Frank Oz Film, "Little Shop of Horrors," released by The Geffen Company through Bros. Produced by David Geffen and directed by Frank Oz, monster musical comedy stars Rick Moranis, Ellen Greene a Vineent Gardenia, with a special appearance by Steve Mart -more- "LITTLE SHOP OF HORRORS" - Production Information ~2- and cameo appearances by John Candy, James Belushi and Christopher Guest. The screenplay and lyrics were written by Howard Ashman and the music composed by Alan Menken, who collab- orated on the off-Broadway and Londen stage hit on which the movie is based. The stage hit, which has since blossomed into a perennial, was inspired by Roger Corman's "Grade 2" horro film of the same title. Shot in 1960 on an unbelievable schedule of two days and a night (largely because Corman offered a storefront left over from another movie), "Litt Shop of Horrors" went on to become a cult classic. It was also notable for the brief, bizarre appearance of relative newcomer Jack Nicholson as a masochistic dent patient. New York theatre critics gave the stage production of “Little Shop of Horrors" a blue ribbon reception. The New Yorker's Edith Oliver hailed it as "a musical comedy that is both musical and comic... full of surprises and marvel effects." Richard Corliss in Time magazine welcomed "a carnivore with its own intimidating charm" which "envelop the stage and (gasp!) most of the audience." Winning the Drama Critics' Circle, Drama Desk and Outer Critics' Circle Awards as the season's best musical the show spawned an American touring company (which is st going strong), a two-year London run, and productions in France, Scandinavia, Israel, Japan, Germany, Australia an ~more- "LITTLE SHOP OF HORRORS" ~ Production Information -3- Iceland. With the acquisition of the screen rights by the David Geffen Company, the voracious Venus people~trap had blossomed thrice. Geffen's goal was to fuse the elements of the original story and the show into its own unique entity. The time-frame, he decided, would remain intact. Downtown, it is still 1960. Here, Seymour Krelborn (RICK MORANIS) toils slavishly for Mushnik (VINCENT GARDENIA), who plucked him "as a tyke" from the Skid Row Home for Homeless Boys. In his basement bedroom, where he raises exotic foliage, Seymour pines for Audrey (ELLEN GREENE), the lithe, blonde salesgirl with the Betty Boop voice and cinema noir wardrobe. But Audrey is literally a prisoner of love. Her steady crush--in more ways than one--is Orin Scrivello (STEVE MARTIN), a biker dentist whose delight for burning rubber is only exceeded by his joy for inflicting pain. When he isn't giving root canals a bad name or getting hi on his own nitrous oxide, Scrivello spends most of his ti putting Audrey in traction. One night, in the depths of Mushnik's cellar, Seymour pricks his finger on a rose~-and Audrey II gets her first slurp of RH negative. Audrey II grows. Seymour grows anemic. Audrey II demands more "sticky, licky sweets." Seymour buys more Band-Aids. If Mushnik's prosperity and his exhausted -more- "LITTLE SHOP OF HORRORS" - Production Information -4- errand boy are both to survive, fresh blood must be added to the floral food chain... For director Frank Oz, the challenge of "Little Shop of Horrors" was "deceptive." The project, he says, “looke simple, but wasn't. If we played it too camp, the audienc wouldn't care about the characters. If we were too straig we'd veer toward melodrama." What evolved was what Oz calls "heightened reality." In opening the stage show to encompass the littered alley decrepit tenements and end-of-the-line elevated train of Mushnik's neighborhood, he and Oscar-winning production d signer Roy Walker created a fantasy Skid Row. But within the sprawling set--which consumed every square inch of Pinewood Studios' "007" stage (the largest in the world)- also sought a certain "intimacy." "I didn't want to balloon it into a musical ‘War and ” Peace' or even a big, splashy '40s extravaganza," says th director. "There are no dizzying overhead crane shots. No irrelevant dance numbers. Nothing to overwhelm what is basically the simple story of a boy, a girl and a man-eat plant." Several production numbers, however, display amusing affection for film lore. The hollow-eyed vagrants, shuffl through the gutters of "Downtown," recall Busby Berkeley' Depression-era classic, "My Forgotten Man." "Somewhere That's Green" is a paean to the suburban never-never land scores of movies and ‘60s sitcoms. -more- "LITTLE SHOP OF HORRORS" - Production Information -5- Within the “heightened reality," Oz and Geffen gathered a colorfully incongruous cast. Seymour is played by Rick Moranis, one of the Canadian ' who Second City troupe's non-fraternal "McKenzie Brothers,' breezed through "Ghostbusters" as Sigourney Weaver's rand next-door nebbish. His "Little Shop..." role as a botanic body snatcher required "more straight acting than anythin I'd done before," says Moranis. "But the real attraction the chance to sing. Until now, I'd been limited mostly to parody." Ellen Greene, on the other hand, knew the role of Audrey "Like a second skin," having played it for two yea in New York, Los Angeles and London. (Time magazine prais her portrayal of "a sweet, sexy, slightly dizzy blonde wi an Elmer Fudd lisp, wittle-girl wiles" and a voice that “buckles theatre walls.") Her character, comments Greene, first came into focus during costume fittings for the off-Broadway show. "We we through about five wigs before Audrey became a cornsilk blonde," she explains. Next came the low-cut leopard skin dresses, stiletto heels and jangling of the B-movie heroi who were Audrey's role models. Vincent Gardenia insists that he was chosen as Mushnik because "Frank Oz liked my name.” The Naples-born actor, who began his career as a teenager playing old men in New Yor Italian theatre, calls Mushnik "a symphony of frustration He's a man trying to cling to the past despite the deprav ~more- "LITTLE SHOP OF HORRORS" - Production Information -6- building around him." At the root of much of that depravity is Steve Martin's Doctor Scrivello. (Call him anything other than "Doctor" he'll joyfully rip your eyeteeth out.) As the leather-cla “leader of the plaque," Scrivello parks his Harley Davids
82) 85) text: Audrey & Seymour's KidS......ccceccnseeuveccceresevcoecee