0) 54) dialog: {to Waddell) - shocks are right, we’re dialed in buddy, don’t change a thing - He spots Harry and gives him a poke.
0) 55) dialog: - hey you ain’t buried in horsemanure after all, you’re lookin’ pretty good -
0) 57) dialog: - it hasn’t been easy, Harry, I’1l guaran-damn-tee-ya. But - (he winks and taps the car) - this bitch is ready to run. As he says this he happens to catch Daland’s eye. who is eagerly listening and feels somehow a response is called
0) 60) dialog: Who is this driver? (to crew) Turn her off. The engine’s turned off. But the sound continues unabated as though it has been disconnected from the car and magic tossed over to the track entrance - two dark tunnels, one entering, one for exiting. Everyone - Harry, Rowdy Burns his crew, Daland, paramedics, firemen, a couple of other drivers working on their cars - turn to look.
0) 74) dialog: Nossir. Y‘all go right 2head. But if you bend this bitch the least Little bit I’m gonna tear your balls off. Rowdy goes over, sits on Cole’s bike and waits, cole takes off his Japanese overcoat and turns to “Sonna, timer.
0) 108) text: The watching spectators come alive. Rowdy rises straight off the motorcycle seat. All eyes are glued to Cole and t car.
0) 154) text: He’s said Cy, even ‘pleasantly. But it’s an- unm. stakable hreat. Rowdy walks on - Cole turns to Harry
1) 9) text: On the turn Rowdy nudges Cole. Cole promptly careens up into the wall hitting it front and back. He spins to a st with four flat tires. Harry turns and kicks a gas can across the pit.
4) 37) dialog: (insert) - broke collar bones and bruised my heart and everything else, it’s been a rough race track for me - Another car and another fiery crash.
6) 13) dialog: spots green and yellow in his mirror. He smiles. Cole mov to pass him on the outside. Rowdy cuts him off. Cole appears to have the quicker car. He nudges Rowdy. Rowdy can’t believe it. He’s shocked at the bump.
6) 15) text: Rowdy returns the bump - sends Cole skittering to the wal
6) 20) text: Nov 20 1989, 39. WADDELL’S VOICE Rowdy there’s a bunny rabbit on the track! - TRACK o4 Rowdy looks - sure enough there’s a rabbit paralyzed with terror on the straightaway dead ahead. Rowdy moves to the right. Cole dives to the inside, both men barely missing the rabbit - but now Cole has position on the inside goin through the turn. He holds it. Burns tries to stay with him but can’t. His car goes sideways and he nearly loses his rear end - when they come out of the turn: BENNY PARSON’S VOICE - now there’s a good example of what you were talking about Ned, you just can’t pass on the outside in turn three, the track is too flat, the tires won't stick - not even if you’re Rowdy Burns.
6) 26) text: The cars approach turn one. The track narrows to one groove. Rowdy and Cole race to it - Cole gets there first but Rowdy’s gone too far, he can’t duck in. He goes high, spins and smacks the wall. Cole comes smoothly out of the turn. COLE’S VOICE - oops - one lap - He plumblines down the straightaway as the caution flag c out. NED JARRETT V.O. - the caution’s out with just under five laps to go, Cole Trickle maintains the lead, and Benny Parsons I believe he’s gonna win this race - HARRY’S VOICE . - pit road’s open, come on in and. get some tires -
6) 198) dialog: ~ good luck today, Aldo -
6) 211) dialog: is practically foaming with fury. Nov 20 1989. S7.
6) 213) text: Rowdy signals to Cole to let him pass. Cole moves to the outside on the turn and Rowdy really slams him. Cole lose his rear end. Cole spins, smoking, and looks like he’s going right into wall - but does a perfect 360 and barely scrapes it - he keeps on going and passes Rowdy. The crowd goes wild. Rowdy is furious.
7) 0) text: Other cars meanwhile have piled up and wrecked - Rowdy avoided Cole but hit the car Cole caromed off - lost his bumper, causing cars behind him to lose control, rear end him and send him into the wall where he now hangs upside down over a guard rail. His helmet is off his head and he badly bruised. WADDELL’S VOICE (on radio) - pit and get four tires! pit and get four tires! %
7) 1) dialog: (into radio) Waddell, I’m hanging upside down and they’re gonna have to cut me out of this race car. Now what in the fuck are you talking about?
7) 9) dialog: a serious bruise on his forehead, is the object of simila attention. He watches himself being hooked up to monitori systems:
7) 10) dialog: ~ I‘m not a car battery, I don’t need rechargin’ -
7) 12) dialog: - go fuck yourself - DR. CLAIRE LEWICKI, a young woman in surgical. greens, be over Rowdy.
7) 17) dialog: I wouldn’t tell you to do that, Doc.
7) 68) dialog: (furiously) - I can walk, godammit!
7) 86) dialog: - I ain’t lookin’ at that sumbitch.
7) 95) dialog: Yeah, so do I.
7) 124) dialog: is walking toward the green Chevrolet.
7) 127) text: It’s a little like a gunfighter’s shootout. Each step bri them closer to one another - until only the car’s roof separates them. Rowdy has reached the driver’s side, Cole the passenger side.
7) 128) dialog: Now here’s how I see this deal. You ain‘’t gonna want me to drive to dinner and I ain’t gonna want you to driver to dinner so there’s only one way to settle this.. He looks down at the car’s key chain and smiles again. He fingers the tag. It too says BUDGET RENT-A-CAR. Now Cole smiles. EXT BUDGET RENT-A-CAR OFFICE (DAY) idl The green Chevrolet is parked out front - next to an almo identical blue one. Cole and Rowdy exit the car office ea carrying a set of keys. A pleasant matronish woman follow
7) 132) dialog: It’s called the Charthouse.
7) 134) dialog: First one to hit valet parking takes the checkered flag - how about the start? Cole looks down the road about a hundred and fifty yards.
7) 136) dialog: What else? Cole turns over his engine. Rowdy turns over his.
7) 137) text: Jan 18 1990. . 72. as Cole and Rowdy walk in.
7) 138) dialog: Too close to call?
10) 87) dialog: I’m surprised at a sensible gal like you Dec, this guy can’t hardly drive to dinner without crashin’ everything on the road -
10) 89) dialog: (backtracking hastily) - naa, just seems every time we get around each other he runs into somethin’ - he’s done it at least eight times in ten races -
10) 91) dialog: Y¥’all got a few minutes? I/11 show you around.
10) 93) dialog: Damn, I forgot.
10) 95) dialog: You worried about me?
10) 97) dialog: Now doc, if you didn’t look the way you do, I’d swear Cole got you up here just to make sure he gets back in his race car before that new driver, Russ Wheeler, takes it away from him - Cole holds up his thumb. 82.
10) 102) dialog: He did run good the other day, you gotta admit - Come on there’s Loretta and the kids, you can help em feed the fish. We got piranhas down there -
10) 104) dialog: Funny thing about that Cole, I grew up and I hated farming, all I wanted was to work on race cars, then I got to racin’ - run into Loretta - (who hugs him) - and now what I want is to. make * enough money so I can work on a farm!
10) 107) dialog: - don’t get within a foot of the water, doc, them piranha can get out, jump up on the bank -
10) 109) dialog: ~ I seen ’em drag a goat in one day -
10) 111) dialog: Hey you oughta see them birds come flyin’ in the lake trying to catch fish, first thing you know they’re short legged -
10) 117) dialog: {a little sheepish) - sorry honey, if I’m not ona racetrack I don’t always pay attention to where I’m goin’ -
10) 120) dialog: (above the engine roar) ~ yep one way or another, we’re always chasin’ after speed -
10) 122) dialog: - that there’s our home on the lake, just beyond, top of that knoll we’re gonna build our permanent home. [I got an option on eight more acres that‘ll block it off from the highway -
10) 125) dialog: About ten million dollars, Loretta‘s doin’ the buildin’ - As usual he’s teasing. Then, proudly:
10) 126) dialog: ~ she’s designin’ the house.
10) 129) dialog: (reeling) - think I’m seasick -
10) 133) text: Jan 4 1990 - 86. ECU ROWDY’S RETINA The network of veins are distended and throbbing, the pas pinks and light hues of Cole’s eye replaced by livid and stormy ones. .
10) 134) text: as Claire pulls away from Rowdy’s eye and turns off the opthaimoscope. Rowdy sits on the pool table - the room is full of sports equipment and Rowdy’s racing trophies.
10) 136) dialog: - nobody in my family goes to a doctor unless they’re dyin’ - just . cos you ain’t feelin’ good, shit -
10) 147) dialog: - you get sick in there? (a triumphant smile, to Claire) How about that? He got sick. You are one hell of a candy ass, Cole. I faint and you throw up.
10) 307) dialog: {without turning) Hear you’re out of a job.
10) 310) dialog: Neither are you. Rowdy smiles but it’s more of a grimace because of the pa he’s in. He pops another headache tablet.
10) 312) dialog: (shrugs) Like you said I can’t count past five. What you come here for anyway? Cole pulls out a pair of airline tickets and tosses them the table next to the trophies.
10) 314) dialog: Drummin’ up business for your lady friend.
10) 316) dialog: Ifn it’d been anybody but a damn woman doctor I’da been back on the track weeks ago -
10) 319) dialog: (furious) Shit I’ve raced with my legs broke, my heart bruised, eyes popped outta my head like they was on springs, this’1l go away like anything else - far as I’m concerned I’m gonna live forever unless I go to some damn hospital where they take off your shoes, make you shut your eyes, and bang you're dead. Cole nods. He rises, indicates a trophy next to a rack wi golf clubs and a couple of basebali bats.
10) 321) dialog: Doesn’t it say?
10) 331) dialog: Well, the doc here says I need minor brain surgery.
10) 336) dialog: They say I busted a blood vessel in my brain...
10) 337) dialog: - so they wanna drill a hole in my head, ha, ha, get rid of the leaky blood... (very directly) You reckon I should let ‘em, Cole? Cole is shocked. It’s clear Rowdy’s going to depend heavi on Cole’s answer.
10) 340) dialog: You’d let ‘em if it was you.
10) 342) dialog: Okay..then I gotta ask you to do somethin’.
10) 344) dialog: Drive my car. Cole looks like he’s been smacked in the face.
10) 346) dialog: Daytona. s Cole moves over to Rowdy’s bedside.
10) 348) dialog: I ain’t too sure how I’m gonna - come outta this deal, okay!.. (releases his grip on Cole, his voice is very low) +. lost my sponsor. I got a lotta land and a lotta plans that ain’t paid for. I’m a jackass. If somethin’ happened now Loretta wouldn’t be left with a pot to pee in or a window to throw it out.. Rowdy’s eyes well up. He’s deeply ashamed and can’t look Cole. ROWDY . ».SO..a good run at Daytona, all that network t.v. shit - it’s the place to pick a sponsor back up, you know? Cole nods.
10) 352) dialog: Don’t give me that mealy mouthed shit you son of a-‘bitch. You know what you are! you got balls that “big and on any given Sunday you’re liable to be the best driver on the track, me included. I want the best for my family. My money‘’s good. Don’t bullshit me, Cole. Is there some other reason I ain’t good enough for you to drive for? Cole can’t trust himself to speak. He shakes his head.
10) 353) dialog: (fiercely) Then you’ll do it? Cole nods. Rowdy heaves a sigh of relief.
10) 354) dialog: Shit man, you had me goin’. Now let’s get down to business. What’s your deal with Daland?
12) 17) dialog: - thank you. I/’d rather be in my car today but one way or another it’s nice te be back on the track. I especially want to thank this gal here - (he’s holding Claire's hand) - she’s the one that put the hole in my head a lot of you claimed was already there - gentlemen, start your engines - There is a roar that is louder than anything heard thus f Claire can’t believe the sound. The cars fly past her and Rowdy. Rowdy spots Cole as he passes, gives him a hi sign Cole returns it automatically. Claire looks worried.
12) 18) dialog: (as they leave the track) We don’t got a thing to worry about, doc - Claire tries to look reassured. ROWDY (cont’d) You watch. That boy can’t help himself - he’s gonna win this race or die tryin’. Rowdy chuckles.
13) 1) dialog: watching with Claire doesn’t look overly pleased. :