0) 33) dialog: When do you want the track?
0) 35) dialog: We’re about there. When’s your driver due? They move toward Donna to check the time as Rowdy makes t tunnel turn and crosses the stripe:
0) 36) dialog: Harry says your guy runs those Indy type deals ~
0) 39) dialog: (his eyes glaze) Uh huh. (quietly to Harry) Got yourself a real statistician. He know anything about drivers?
0) 47) dialog: (relieved and gracious) So Harry. Where’d you say your dyiver’s fron? .. Barry looks to Daland. DALAND “S Oh - Eagle Rock. Waddell thinks for a moment.
0) 48) dialog: that’s up around Wilkesboro, idn’t it?
0) 59) dialog: (quickly) Now I told you about this Rowdy. Harry’s got some new driver and needs a car just to turn a coupla laps. I told you it was Harry Hogge who asked us - personally as a favor. Rowdy turns, very slowly, to Harry.
0) 88) dialog: {calling out) - What’s going on, Harry? Is this happening or what? Harry’s on the spot. *
0) 112) dialog: (to Harry) - not a bad line -
0) 119) dialog: ~ I don’t believe this - Daland is starting to smile. Even Rowdy Burns’ crew is getting a kick out of it. Rowdy is not amused.
0) 128) dialog: It’s under Rowdy’s time. Waddell glances uneasily at the figure frozen on his bike
6) 20) text: Nov 20 1989, 39. WADDELL’S VOICE Rowdy there’s a bunny rabbit on the track! - TRACK o4 Rowdy looks - sure enough there’s a rabbit paralyzed with terror on the straightaway dead ahead. Rowdy moves to the right. Cole dives to the inside, both men barely missing the rabbit - but now Cole has position on the inside goin through the turn. He holds it. Burns tries to stay with him but can’t. His car goes sideways and he nearly loses his rear end - when they come out of the turn: BENNY PARSON’S VOICE - now there’s a good example of what you were talking about Ned, you just can’t pass on the outside in turn three, the track is too flat, the tires won't stick - not even if you’re Rowdy Burns.
6) 212) dialog: (on radio) - that bumper gets any looser, Rowdy and they’re gonna black flag you - let him go by -
7) 0) text: Other cars meanwhile have piled up and wrecked - Rowdy avoided Cole but hit the car Cole caromed off - lost his bumper, causing cars behind him to lose control, rear end him and send him into the wall where he now hangs upside down over a guard rail. His helmet is off his head and he badly bruised. WADDELL’S VOICE (on radio) - pit and get four tires! pit and get four tires! %