2) 8) text: Yeah, Mom, I'm okay... Annie turns to the shattered window pane, then pushes Hogarth's bookshelf in front of it to block the wind. Hogarth stares at his monther. She looks spooked. HOGARTH (CONT’D) ++. are you?
2) 10) dialog: Wanna stay up with me for a while? (coaxing) I could tell you a story... Annie smiles, touched.
2) 12) dialog: Well, it's a story about... Hogarth scans the toys and souvenirs on his bedside table With a sudden flash of inspiration, he grabs a baseball card. HOGARTH (CONT’D) Mickey Mantle. He had a magic bat, Mom. Everybody says so. As Annie watches Hogarth with motherly adoration, Hogarth picks up a plastic dinosaur. HOGARTH (CONT’D) Anyway, this is the story of Mickey's adventures with the stegosaurus. It's got action and romance. And the best part is, it's all true. Annie laughs and touches a fingertip on Hogarth's forehea
2) 14) text: (wistfully) Just like your father... For a moment Hogarth beams. He looks over at a framed pho that sits on his nightstand, that shows a handsome man dressed in an army uniform. And as he stares at the photo a sad, pensive look comes over Hogarth's face. Annie sees it.
2) 15) dialog: I can't wait 'til he comes back.
2) 17) dialog: They found his plane, mom. They didn't find him. He's gonna come back. Annie sees the resolute look in her son's eyes and decide to change tack.
2) 19) dialog: h (lost in thought) Huh?
2) 21) dialog: Oh... (brightening) Yeah. Yeah that's exactly what he could do. And that's why he was known as the Wizard of Sherwood Forest.
2) 23) dialog: Right. And then one day, this Stegosaurus shows up. And he says--— (deep voice) (MORE )
2) 26) dialog: Every word, Mom -- I wouldn't make this up. So Mickey says, "I'm the two time American League batting champ. I was MVP of the All-Star game three times running. I go anywhere I please in this forest..." We DRIFT BACK from mother and son, hunkered down in a poo of warm flashlight, surrounded by darkness...
3) 0) text: The sun has risen on a beautiful Maine morning. The camera starts HIGH in a tall tree, where a bird is repairing its storm-damaged nest, and pans down from this literal bird's-eye view to the streets of Rockwell, where stoic New Englanders are doing repairs of their own. Down the middle of the street comes Hogarth, on a bike. I the wire bike-basket in front of him is a shoebox with ho punched in the lid. A couple of LOCALS are clearing a felled tree. We hear th conversation as they drift across the screen in Hogarth's travelling POV.
4) 0) text: The "Chat ~n-¥ Chew" diner sits near the docks and the to square: the center of all social life in the village. Hogarth arrives, at last, and parks his bike. He takes th shoebox out of his bike basket, opens it a little and spe to whatever is inside.
4) 1) dialog: Remember -- be charming.
5) 0) text: The diner is packed. EVERYBODY is here--FARMERS, FISHERME - all swapping storm-stories. It's LOUD. And there's no empty table, no place to sit. Hogarth enters and looks around. He spots Annie, now dressed as a waitress and serving coffee from behind the counter. Hogarth puts on a big smile and waves at her.
5) 1) dialog: Hey, Mom! You won't believe our good luck! Look what I found... He makes his way through the coffee shop to the counter. he passes by, various local ladies -- THE BUSYBODIES -- l up from their breakfasts, mouths downcast and eyes half- lidded -- ever ready to cast judgement, should the precio opportunity arise. Hogarth arrives at the counter opens the shoebox for Anni A baby squirrel pokes its head out. Annie rolls her eyes. HOGARTH (CONT’D) His tree musta gotten knocked down in the storm! Can I keep him?
5) 3) dialog: But he's not a pet, Mom. He's a friend. You're always saying I should have more friends come over, right? Well now I've got one. (selling it) (MORE )
5) 6) dialog: I know but--
5) 9) dialog: You'll never know he's there. I'll keep him in a cage--
5) 11) dialog: Please, mom. At least look at him...
5) 13) dialog: I... will go get him... okay? Hogarth turns, his eyes darting around frantically. Final he spies a FURRY TAIL disappearing under a four-person ta with a single occupant, hidden behind a newspaper. HOGARTH (CONT’D) Excuse me...? Excuse me... No response. Behind the paper, smoke rises. HOGARTH (CONT’D) Sir? Still no response. Hogarth is getting exasperated.
5) 14) dialog: Sir...? Sir? Sir! EXCUSE ME, S-- Hogarth STOPS with sudden realization. He slowly pushes d the top of the paper, revealing that the person he's talk to ... ...is ASLEEP. A lit cigarette with an impossibly long ash dangles precariously from his lips. This is DEAN McCOPPEN sporting sunglasses, handsome in a rumpled sort of way. Unshaved, uncombed, unusual. A beatnik. Here. Hogarth's heard of them, but this is the first one he's seen up clo The beatnik's head lolls... ...and his cigarette drops in his lap. He WAKES.
5) 16) dialog: Please don't move, sir. My pet's under your table--don't look--if you make a scene my mom won't let me keep him.
5) 22) dialog: A squirrel. Don't worry, he's friendly.
7) 0) text: Annie speaks gently to Hogarth.
7) 2) dialog: I will, mom. After I finish talking to-
7) 4) dialog: --Dean. Annie shrugs, exits. Hogarth looks at Dean curiously.
7) 6) dialog: Where?
7) 8) dialog: Don't wig out.
9) 0) text: Hogarth comes home. The phone RINGS, and he picks it up.
9) 1) dialog: (automatic, without inflection) Hello this is Hogarth Hughes speaking who's calling please. 14.
9) 3) dialog: I'm already on it, Mom. He pulls a box of twinkies from a cupboard.
9) 5) dialog: Okay.
9) 7) dialog: Got it. cur TO:
9) 9) dialog: ... taking a TWINKIE from a package. He SHAKES up a can of whipped cream, jams it into the flat side of the Twinkie, INFLATING it with additional whipped cream. He CRAMS the twinkie in into his mouth, never taking his eyes off the screen.
10) 0) text: Lit by the light of a black and white TV, Hogarth has mov furniture and piled up cushions, making a TV watching fortress. There's a NOISE OUTSIDE. Hogarth jumps. Listens. Must have been the TV. 15. ON the TV, a scientist and his assistant are involved in some kind of drama that includes a murderous brain. ANOTHER NOISE OUTSIDE, louder this time. Hogarth freezes: that didn't come from the TV.... ROAR! The TV screen goes white with DEAFENING STATIC.
10) 1) dialog: No! Not now! He SMACKS the TV: no effect. He cranks the big channel knob: THUNK-THUNK-THUNK. All channels are static. HOGARTH (CONT’D) Stupid antenna...! Hogarth stares at the screen, gathers his nerve. He hefts his flashlight and warily heads upstairs.
11) 0) text: Hogarth peers out. All quiet, just a WHISPER of wind. He crawls out onto the roof, his flashlight beam follows the flat TV wire up the roof toward its peak... and stops: th antenna is gone, literally torn off the roof!
11) 1) dialog: Gone. Now Hogarth pauses and cocks his head, listening. In the distance he hears a heavy "BOOM." And then another. He peers off into the woods. In the distance he seems to see something moving, just above the level of the trees. Something enormous. HOGARTH (CONT’D) Whoa...
12) 0) text: Hogarth hurriedly equips himself: he tapes a flashlight o a toy BB-gun; puts on a football helmet. Finally, he look in the mirror and salutes himself.
12) 1) dialog: Hogarth Hughes. Ready for action.
13) 0) text: Hogarth hurries out, runs up to the first massive depress in the grass. Hogarth places his tiny foot beside the car size depression, and very nearly loses his nerve. 16. He takes a deep breath and hurries into the woods.
14) 0) text: A dark night, fog drifts through trees. Spooky. At the forest's edge, Hogarth looks up, sees broken branches whe something entered the woods... something big. Hogarth darts from bush to bush, follows the trail. TIME DISSOLVE: Hogarth creeps on, the forest is now dense More and more, the tree-damage begins to take shape, a ta tunnel formed by broken limbs, until... Hogarth GASPS: the tunnel forms a perfect outline of a HU man-shaped THING. He SHIVERS, considers turning back... b he can't. He creeps on. Hogarth hears a deep RHYTMIC HUMMING that VIBRATES the ground. It sounds strange... alien. He creeps on.
15) 0) text: The HUMMING is LOUD. Hogarth slowly parts bushes to see.. a power station: "DANGER - HIGH VOLTAGE". Tall power line towers march through the woods. SPARKS SNAP. THUMP! A giant metal foot SLAMS into the ground right in front of Hogarth, he YELPS. THUMP! THUMP! THUMP! ‘Two huge feet become two huge legs. Hogarth looks up, up... A GIANT. Made of metal! Forty feet tall, maybe fifty! Hogarth can't believe his eyes... The giant stares at the metal towers, makes a METALLIC GR that sounds... hungry. It reaches out and SNAPS off a thi piece of metal, pops it in his mouth, CHEWS NOISILY, and SWALLOWS. BURP. Mmmm good!
15) 1) dialog: Wow... it eats metal. Cool. Hogarth sits, hidden in the bushes, and watches, fascinat as the giant "grazes" the metal towers. SPARKS fly from n loose flailing powerlines. The giant's eaten all the tower arms: he TUGS at a solid metal base: it's stuck. So the giant bends down to EAT hi way down the tall metal tower: CHOMP CHOMP CHOMP. Hogarth realizes the giant is CHOMPING toward a mass of thick power cables that HUMM and SPARK. 17.
15) 4) text: Annie grabs a flashlight by the door, illuminates the living room... what a mess! And... no Hogarth. KA-ZAPPP! Electricity races up and down the giant's metal it jerks, flies backward, trailing SPARKING POWERLINES th wrap around him as he stumbles into a tangle of more powe lines: KA-ZAP! It panics, flailing, SCREECHING, tries to free itself, gets more entangled. Annie searches through the house by flashlight, for her s becoming more and more frantic.
16) 0) text: The dazed giant, looks around, dizzy... he stands, sways, easily SNAPS free of the wires holding him. His eyes focu down (way down) on Hogarth. The boy and the Giant stare a each other for a long time. Now what?
16) 2) dialog: Mom! 18. Hogarth runs down the hill towards the light... then stop turns back toward the giant.... ...but back where the giant stood, seconds before, is now only dangling SPARKLING power lines. He's gone. Hogarth stares: baffled. Annie rushes up.
16) 5) dialog: I'm sorry, mom... Annie throws her arms around him, hugging him tight, desperately happy to know that her boy is safe.
16) 7) dialog: (softly) Mom, you won't believe it. Some- thing ate our t.v. antenna.
16) 9) dialog: No, I'm serious! And I went out to see what it was--
16) 11) dialog: --and it was a Giant metal-- 19.
17) 0) text: Hogarth sits in silence as Annie starts the ignition. As they drive away, Hogarth can't help but look back over hi shoulder. Backlit by the moon, he can just make out the outline of the Giant, half-hidden by the trees... watchin them go...
19) 0) text: The TEACHER is quizzing her students. Hogarth is the smallest one in the class. On the chalkboard are written the words "RUSSIA" and "POLAND."
21) 0) text: Students pour out of Hogarth's classroom, followed at las by Hogarth, who is a full head smaller than any of them. Now Hogarth's face brightens, as a few kids his size pass by. Hogarth hurries to catch up with them.
21) 1) dialog: Hey guys! The kids turn to Hogarth without much enthusiasm.
21) 3) dialog: Listen, you're not going to believe what happened to me last night. I went walking into the forest, and I saw this... giant! The kids exchange glances.
21) 4) dialog: It was made out of metal! And it tore apart the power station. For a moment, the kids stare at Hogarth blankly. Finally, one of them speaks.
21) 10) dialog: Hellllllooo! Come ouuut!
21) 14) dialog: Hey, big metal guy!! It's me, the kid who turned off the power for ya!
21) 17) dialog: Metal! Delicious metal! Come and get it! ...and settles in behind a large log. He aims the camera, and waits. And waits. And waits. This is clearly not as exciting as Hogarth expected. He rubs his eyes, yawns, and lays his head on h arm. And the next thing he knows, he's waking up. The afternoo light has given way to the long shadows of early evening. Hogarth looks towards the clearing -- the piece of metal gone. He gasps. He reaches behind him for the camera, as he scans the forest, left and right. Suddenly he pauses. His hand is n finding the camera. He turns and looks for it. It's gone. Above him a flashbulb pops. A moment later, a roll of fil drops from the sky and lands at his feet. Hogarth picks u the film, and swallows hard. He looks up, a long way up, sees the Giant standing over him, its jaw moving, and a crunching sound coming from its mouth. HOGARTH (CONT’D) Aaaaagh! Hogarth runs as fast as his legs will carry him. He cover twenty feet or so, when -- BOOM! An enormous metal foot touches down in front of him. He runs faster, faster, but with a single step, the Giant covers all the distance between them. 23. Suddenly -- WHACK! Hogarth catches a tree limb across the chin, and is sent sprawling to the ground. The Giant loom over him. Hogarth sits up, his eyes wide with fear, and shouts at the fifty-foot metal monster. HOGARTH (CONT’D) What do you want from me?!! The Giant sits down with a thud. Then he reaches toward Hogarth with a closed fist, turns it palm-upward and open his fingers. There, in his hand, is the four-foot metal handle with "EMERGENCY SHUT-OFF" printed along its length HOGARTH (CONT’D) The shut-off switch... Hogarth looks from the handle to the Giant, in awe. HOGARTH (CONT’D) You saw me save you. As boy and Giant stare into each other's eyes, we cut to.
23) 0) text: The Giant and Hogarth sit facing each other, each staring the other with curiosity.
23) 1) dialog: So... what are you? The Giant tilts his head curiously but says nothing. HOGARTH (CONT’D) Do you talk? The Giant continues staring, puzzled.
23) 2) dialog: "Talk." You know, words? "Blah- blah- blah," like that. Can you do that -- "Blah-blah-blah?" The Giant opens and closes his mouth in imitation of Hogarth. A series of deep metallic rumblings and clanging come out of his mouth. 25. HOGARTH (CONT’D) Well, you get the concept, anyway. But we need to work on your vocabulary. Let's see. Hogarth looks around, sees a rock, and picks it up. HOGARTH (CONT’D) See this? This is called a rock. "Rock." Try it. "Rooock."
23) 4) dialog: "Rooock."
23) 6) dialog: (patiently) Rock.
23) 8) dialog: Good! See? This is a... rock. A look of dawning understanding comes over the Giant. He looks at the rock in Hogarth's hand.
23) 11) dialog: Yes! The Giant pulls a tree out of the ground.
23) 13) dialog: No, no. That is a tree. Tree. (POINTS AT ROCK) Rock. (POINTS AT TREE) Treeeee. 26. The Giant's mouth hangs open in awe.
23) 17) dialog: Get it? Everything has a different name. Rock. Tree... The giant's mouth hangs open in awe...
23) 20) dialog: (tired) Branch.
23) 22) dialog: Yeah, that's a branch, too.
23) 24) dialog: Look, we've pretty much covered everything in the forest. And if I don't get home soon, mom's gonna wonder where I am. (gets on his feet) You stay here, okay? I'll come back tomorrow. Hogarth waves to the Giant and EXITS. Now Hogarth hears a BOOM behind him. He turns to see the Giant following him. HOGARTH (CONT’D) And don't follow me, either. 27. The Giant continues following, happily.
23) 25) dialog: I said don't. Don't follow me. Stay. Go home. I mean it!
24) 0) text: A fog is settling in, as Hogarth leaves the forest and crosses a set of railroad tracks. He points to the house the bottom of the hill.
24) 1) dialog: Look. That's where I live, okay? I'm going there, and you're not, understand? So goodbye. Hey... He turns to see the Giant kneeling curiously beside the railroad tracks. He pokes at them.
24) 3) dialog: Hey, wait a minute-- Too late. The Giant bites down on the twin strands of railroad track and rips them loose like spaghetti.
24) 4) dialog: 
24) 6) dialog: Put them back! Now the Giant looks confused and guilty. DING DING DING! The crossing signal blares, red lights flash. The Giant stares at the pretty lights, entranced. Hogarth GASPS, looks down the tracks. He hears a distant whistle blow: WOO-WOOO.
24) 7) dialog: Oh no... .(HE RUNS TO THE GIANT) Put them back RIGHT NOW!!! The Giant stares, puzzled. Hogarth GROANS, runs to a piec of track sticking up and pushes down on it with all his weight... it doesn't budge. 28.
24) 8) dialog: Like this. Help me! The Giant sees Hogarth struggling with the curled tracks, takes one index finger, and helpfully pushes on them: KA- BLAM! They're down.
24) 9) dialog: Good! That's it! The Giant grunts, pleased with himself... Hogarth HEARS t train, close now. And then he sees-- the pieces of track don't meet up.
24) 10) dialog: Put them together! Like this! Hogarth pantomimes. The Giant lines up one track-- HOGARTH (CONT’D) Now the other one... hurry! -- then tries to line up the other side, but it's tricky, the two chewed-on rails stubbornly resist lining up. Finally, the giant gets them close. HOGARTH (CONT’D) Good enough! Come on! Hogarth takes off, racing like the wind to get out of the He STOPS, looks back...
24) 12) dialog: No! Come on! The train's coming! The Giant is intent on his puzzle: CLICK. CLICK. Almost. Now we see the headlight of a big freight train coming ou of the fog. The Giant continues to fuss. HOGARTH (CONT’D) The train! The Giant finally SNAPS the track into place. CLICK. He grins. A train whistle SHRIEKS! The startled Giant looks as Hogarth hits the dirt and--
25) 2) dialog: Oh no... Hogarth sees the giant lying around in big pieces. He touches the Giant's hand gently, a look of pain and sadne on his face. HOGARTH (CONT’D) (WHIMPERS )
25) 3) text: And then, behind him, the Giant's head, still attached to its torso, sits up. Hogarth YELPS. The Giant's eyes spark, flash and click on. He looks around, dazed, at his scattered parts. HOGARTH (CONT’D) You're alive! The torso has one leg and most of one arm attached. The other pieces seem to come alive and scamper around as if confused. An antenna rises out of the top of the Giant's head and begins to "signal". All the pieces SNAP to attention. They crawl toward the Giant, who gathers them in his arm and looks at Hogarth, confused. Just then we h voices coming from the fog.
25) 5) dialog: The train Conductor. Oh, we're in trouble now... 30. HOGARTH (CONT’D) (turns to Giant) Okay, look. I've changed my mind. You can follow me home. He hurries off down the hill, with the one-legged Giant hopping along behind him.
26) 0) text: Hogarth enters the barn, with the hopping Giant behind hi
26) 1) dialog: You can stay here for now. The Giant takes a seat and sets his body parts down besid him. The Giant's arm parts dutifully line up, the arm fir He picks it up and jams it into its socket. HOGARTH (CONT’D) And try to keep it quiet okay? My mom's not too big on me having any pets right now. "Shhhh" -- get it?
28) 2) dialog: I could tell you, Mom. But I really don't think you'd believe me.
30) 0) text: Annie and Hogarth sit at the dinner table.
30) 2) dialog: 
30) 4) dialog: Oh my God, we thank you for the... uh, food that Mom has put in front of us and--
30) 6) dialog: -the Devil from doing bad things... and-- (TO HAND)
30) 9) dialog: (leaps to his feet) Gotta use the bathroom.
30) 13) dialog: We're eating.
30) 19) dialog: Hogarth.
30) 21) dialog: 
30) 22) dialog: 
31) 0) text: Hogarth, Annie and Kent are seated at the dinner table. Kent is pouring on the charm to Annie, as Hogarth continu to eye him suspiciously. Kent pats his stomach.
31) 2) dialog: Which parts would those be, sir?
31) 4) dialog: I never heard anyone say that about Maine. Have you, Mom?
31) 8) dialog: Goings-on?
31) 12) dialog: If it's alright with everybody, I think I'll be excused now.
31) 14) dialog: (blurting it out) There's a monster out there!
31) 16) dialog: It's a hideous creature, five stories tall, and if you go out looking for it you won't come back alive! There's a moment of stunned silence. Then...
31) 19) dialog: (shrugs) I'm a kid. That's what we do. Suddenly, a toilet flushes upstairs. A puzzled expression comes over Hogarth's face, then Annie's, then Kent's.
32) 0) text: Hogarth yanks open the door, revealing: The giant hand, which crouches on the sink as it unrolls pile of toilet paper into a pile on the floor. 36. Hogarth shuts the door behind him, startling the hand, wh leaps to the floor with a THUD!
33) 0) text: Hogarth labors as he pulls the giant hand toward the open window. The hand resists mildly, like a distracted child-
36) 0) text: Using his whole body, Hogarth tries to shove the giant ha out the open window.
36) 1) dialog: (GRUNTING SOUNDS)
37) 1) dialog: (LOUDER GRUNTING)
38) 1) dialog: --rrrrrgggggghhhhh! The hand lands with a terrific crash, Hogarth tumbles to ground, and Annie and Kent burst in through the door to
40) 0) text: Annie says goodbye to Hogarth at the front door.
40) 2) dialog: (WAVING) Bye, Mom. Hogarth pedals his bike away until he's out of sight of t front house, then zips around the side of the house, ditc his bike and grabs a little red wagon.
40) 4) text: Hogarth pulls the wagon around, collecting metal. He find some cans, an old car muffler, a fallen street sign, etc.
41) 0) text: Hogarth enters and finds the Giant sleeping.
41) 1) dialog: Ahem... 40. The Giant opens his eyes. He sees the wagon full of metal and looks delighted.
41) 3) dialog: It wasn't easy to fill this wagon. So try to not to eat it all at once- The Giant picks the wagon up, and dumps its entire conten into his mouth. Hogarth is speechless. HOGARTH (CONT’D) Do you have any idea what it took to find that metal??? I scoured the neighborhood! I had to ditch school! I've never done that before, I-- The Giant picks up the wagon and eats that too. Hogarth sighs and takes a seat. HOGARTH (CONT’D) So... now that we've eaten, how shall we spend the rest of our day? The Giant looks at him, not understanding. HOGARTH (CONT’D) Okay. I'll teach you more words. Hogarth stands up and points at his house. HOGARTH (CONT’D) That is my "home." That's where I come from . My... (points at himself) home... Hogarth points to his house. The Giant looks at it.
41) 8) dialog: Right. Now where is... (points at giant) ...your home? The Giant 41. looks at Hogarth's house, then follows Hogarth's pointing hand, and looks at himself. Then a look of deep sadness comes over his face. His shoulders shrug, and his hands turn palm-upward in a puzzled gesture.
41) 12) dialog: You mean... you don't know where you came from?
41) 16) dialog: Wow. You poor guy... Now we hear a deep rumbling sound. The Giant looks down a his stomach hungrily. The Giant He points HOGARTH (CONT’D) I know, I know. (thinks for a moment) Okay, I know a place where it's all you can eat. But not until after dark. stares at him, uncomprehending. HOGARTH (CONT’D) Let me put it this way. at through the window at the sun.
41) 17) dialog: "Sun."
41) 19) dialog: When the sun goes down... Hogarth mimes the sun arcing down the sky to sunset. The taps on the Giant's iron belly. HOGARTH (CONT’D) Feeding time. Get it?
41) 22) dialog: Good! Hogarth starts to leave, then pauses and turns back to lo at the Giant. HOGARTH (CONT’D) You're smarter than you look, aren't you?
41) 24) dialog: (exiting) Never mind.
44) 0) text: A ways off, Hogarth relaxes.
44) 1) dialog: Come on. Let's go! Hogarth starts walking. The Giant moves past him- BOOM BO BOOM! -and with a half dozen strides, is almost out of sight.
44) 2) dialog: 
46) 0) text: Hogarth and the Giant are marching along a back road on t hills outside town.
46) 1) text: It's like a magic carpet ride, as the moon-lit countrysid below sails past his vantage point, fifty feet above the ground. Hogarth points at a church steeple.
46) 2) dialog: Church. Churrrch.
46) 4) dialog: Yes. People pray there. (points at another building) School. Can you say that? Schooool...
46) 7) dialog: Schooool suuuucks...
46) 9) dialog: Very good. And that's all you need to know about school.
48) 0) text: Hogarth is still riding on the Giant's shoulder. Rain has begun to drizzle down now.
48) 1) dialog: And that building there is the coffee shop.
48) 3) dialog: That's where my mom works. Sometimes she has to stay late, to make extra money ‘cause... well, my Dad's away. You know what a "dad" is? A "father?"
48) 5) dialog: Yeah. It's like me... (points at himself) Only bigger. a hand indicating somone taller. HOGARTH (CONT’D) He used to take me to baseball games. This one time, we brought binoculars, and we tried to figure out what pitch the catcher was calling! One year we want to go to every home game! I mean-- we wanted to... stops walking and swivels his enormous head to face Hogarth. For a moment, they stare at each other in silence, with the rain pouring down around them. Then Hogarth bursts out, almost angrily. The Giant The Giant HOGARTH (CONT’D) Aw, what am I even talking to you for? You can't understand a word I'm saying! continues staring. HOGARTH (CONT’D) Can you? speaks --and somewhere within the metal clanging of his voice, there seems to be a note of sympathetic sadness.
48) 7) dialog: Well, I guess it's better than talking to myself. 46. The Giant looks pleased by this. They continue on their way.
49) 2) dialog: That can't be good.
50) 1) dialog: This is it. The Giant's metal hand sets Hogarth down into frame. HOGARTH (CONT’D) All you can eat. The Giant surveys the metal in all directions: MOANING happily as he spies a huge stack of cars. He selects one, and slowly... carefully... bites into it... 47.
50) 6) dialog: SHHHH!! Turn it off, turn it OFF!!! The giant looks around nervously, helplessly, beginning t PANIC. He tries shaking it, then sitting on it... but nothing works; the horn is STUCK. Hogarth looks back toward the house--
51) 0) text: Dean reaches the door, opens it: a GASPING, out-of-breath Hogarth stands on his doorstep. Dean studies Hogarth for moment. Then breaks into a smile.
51) 2) dialog: Hogarth.
52) 1) dialog: Listen, you're not going to call my mom are you? She doesn't know I'm out. I could get in trouble.
52) 3) dialog: Thanks.
52) 5) dialog: Hogarth. I'm... kind of a nobody, too.
52) 7) dialog: I've been riding something alright... The record finishes, and in the silence: LOUD CRUNCHING NOISES from outside. Dean jumps up.
52) 9) dialog: No, wait! Stop!
53) 4) dialog: (rolls his eyes) It's OK...! But the heroic Dean seizes Hogarth and turns to duck insi --which the giant immediately interprets as a threat and- --SLAMS his massive hand in front of the door, blocking i as Hogarth tries to break free of Dean, to explain-- HOGARTH (CONT’D) The giant isn't--let GO! as the giant GRABS DEAN, hoisting him high in the air.
53) 5) dialog: 
53) 8) dialog: Dean, meet a friend of mine. Dean, giant. Giant, Dean. The giant grins, and kind of "waves". Dean stands there, pale, completely overwhelmed. HOGARTH (CONT’D) More coffee...? 50.
54) 2) dialog: He doesn't remember. He's like a little kid...
54) 4) dialog: He needs food. And shelter. Dean stares at Hogarth in expressionless shock. Then slow stands, pours out his coffee, goes inside, locking the do behind him.
54) 6) dialog: You got plenty of room here! This place is perfect!
54) 8) dialog: I can have him push the door down. You know I can. Pause. The door opens and there's Dean, looking annoyed.
54) 10) dialog: Him. Not it. Him.
54) 12) dialog: (stubbornly) He's ...my friend. Dean stares at immovable Hogarth. Behind him, dawn breaks
54) 14) dialog: So! He can stay?!
54) 16) dialog: Let's get you tucked in....
55) 0) text: Hogarth smiles to himself, as he watches the giant sleep, now covered with a layer of junk, a camouflage-comforter. And then he hears a BEEPING NOISE. Hogarth looks up and sees an ARMY PLANE, flying towards him. The BEEPING gets louder. Hogarth realizes it's coming fro the Giant. Suddenly: WHIR, a panel on the giant's arm slides open. A strange device pops out and starts trackin the plane overhead. Hogarth panics: as the plane comes nearer the BEEPING becomes more insistent, the strange device tracks the pla it looks very retro-advanced and scary. The giant starts MOANING, thrashing in his sleep as if caught in a bad dream. Suddenly he wakes up and ka-CHUK!- the device withdraws. The plane disappears over the trees Hogarth looks at the giant, stunned. The giant, unaware, looks at Hogarth, puzzled. 52.
55) 1) dialog: It's okay. Go back to sleep. It was just a bad dream. The giant nods, comforted, and drops off into sleep. Hogarth walks away, deeply troubled.
56) 0) text: Hogarth creeps upstairs to his room, pulls back the cover and is just about to dive in... when Annie enters; spies Hogarth up and dressed.
56) 2) dialog: ...just making the bed....
57) 0) text: An exhausted Hogarth shuffles downstairs, and into the kitchen.
58) 1) dialog: Kent...?
58) 3) dialog: Moooooooom! Annie appears, carrying a plate of waffles. She sets a plate down and leans in towards Hogarth, beaming.
58) 5) dialog: (PANICKED) Oh no... Kent looks at his watch.
58) 8) dialog: Uh... I'm not very hungry. He exits. Kent watches him go, then picks up the fork tha Hogarth was holding, and surreptitiously drops it ina little plastic evidence bag.
59) 0) text: Hogarth strolls in and takes a seat at the counter next t man reading a newspaper. A bored waitress approaches.
59) 1) dialog: Chocolate malted, please. (she exits) I've never been in here. Mom says the coffee's weak and they put meat extender in the hamburger.
59) 4) dialog: Yeah. When I found him, he was trying to eat the power station. 54.
59) 6) dialog: (shrugs) He doesn't know.
59) 8) dialog: Kinda. He can't say a lot of words yet, but he understands things pretty good.
59) 10) dialog: That's what I was thinking! He came from outer space!!
59) 12) dialog: Hey, maybe the commies made him! You know, in one of their secret labs.
59) 14) dialog: (getting into it) Or maybe he comes from underground, you know? Like, he's this undiscovered species, that evolved from minerals or something, while we were evolving out of monkeys.
59) 16) dialog: I wish we knew why he was here.
59) 18) dialog: Yeah.
59) 20) dialog: Right, right...
59) 22) dialog: You're telling me.
59) 24) dialog: Just so they won't have to wonder what life's all about.
61) 0) text: Hogarth contentedly slurps the last of his malted through plastic straw. Dean works on a slab of apple pie.
61) 1) dialog: Hey, Dean?
61) 3) dialog: What is life all about? For you, I mean.
61) 5) dialog: The Giant looks like a monster. But inside he's good. I can tell.
61) 7) dialog: You won't tell anybody about him, will you?
62) 0) text: Hogarth comes riding home on his bike. He parks it at the side of the house, and starts to go inside, then hesitate He holds out a hand, and feels a drop of rain, looks up a the clouds... then takes his bike and wheels it toward th barn instead.
63) 0) text: Hogarth opens the barn door, and GASPS.
63) 2) dialog: Moooom!
64) 0) text: Kent and the agents sit stoically at the breakfast table. Annie stands facing them with folded arms. Hogarth stands nearby, scowling.
65) 1) dialog: Open the blast doors! The massive gates open: Hogarth, wearing a space helmet a carrying a plastic ray gun, walks through. WIDEN TO REVEA the gates are actually the giant's two hands.
65) 2) dialog: Level two. Commander Thruster to base... I have found the escape vehicle. 60. The giant's hand takes him up, up... to a junk car atop a big junk pile. Hogarth climbs in, grabs the wheel.
65) 3) dialog: Main engines: 1, 2, and 3! Blast off! The giant grabs the car and "flies" it around.
65) 7) dialog: We're landing... we're landing! From his porch Dean watches, grins. The car "lands", Hogarth stumbles out, dizzy. The giant CHORTLES.
65) 8) dialog: Only one creature could create such destruction. The hideous, man- eating killing machine... ROBOTRON! Hogarth waits. The Giant just stands there, staring at hi HOGARTH (CONT’D) (impatienly) Robotron...
65) 10) dialog: No, no, no. Bigger...!
65) 13) dialog: Good! Okay, Robotron... take
65) 15) dialog: When I zap you, you're supposed to fall down. Remember? Like I told you... With his eyes still glowing, the Giant reaches out both hands, zombie-like, towards Hogarth.
65) 16) dialog: Hey... The hands begin closing around Hogarth, who is beginning panic.
65) 17) dialog: Wait a minute! It's me, Hogarth... He sees that the Giant is staring at his gun, and quickly slips it behind his back.
65) 18) dialog: Your friend! The Giant freezes. The red fades from his eyes. Then he looks at his hands which are closed threateningly around Hogarth.
65) 20) text: (cont'd) Hey, it's okay. I know you didn't mean it. But, uh, maybe that's enough playing for now. Hogarth gets up and heads for Dean's house. As he turns a from the Giant, we see that he wears a look of deep conce
66) 0) text: Hogarth takes a seat on the porch beside Dean, who is scanning the hills with binoculars.
66) 2) dialog: Yeah. It's not too hard to lose those guys.
66) 4) dialog: Why do they want to get him, anyway? Just because he's different?
66) 6) dialog: They don't even know him, and they just assume he's dangerous. They stare out at the Giant, as he opens a car hood, pluc out the engine, eats it, and throws away the "shell." The Giant
66) 8) dialog: (suspicious) What do you mean?
66) 10) dialog: It's not his fault! He can't help it.
66) 12) dialog: (whispering) Don't use that word around him!
66) 14) dialog: Because he cares. I can't explain it, but... he cares about what he is. He's getting so he can understand all kinds of stuff now. If he hears you use that word around him... 63.
66) 16) dialog: (sadly) I know...
66) 18) dialog: How? He's a little too big to smuggle out in a suitcase.
66) 20) dialog: You mean take him apart?
66) 22) dialog: When?
66) 24) dialog: Tonight??? But I only just met him a couple days ago! (pleading) At least wait until tomorrow... 64. Dean looks at the Giant, lounging peacefully in the junkyard.
67) 0) text: R&B; BLARES: Little Richard. Hogarth draws pictures of th giant, they're good. He hides the pictures from view, carefully covering them with a book before EXITING the ro
68) 0) text: Hogarth sharpens some pencils with the sharpener mounted the inside of the broom closet.
69) 0) text: Hogarth returns, goes to his desk, stops stunned: the gia drawings are uncovered. Eyes wide, Hogarth looks around h room: everything looks slightly askew, as if it's been... searched. Hogarth's neck-hair tingles. He stares at the his bedroom door, slowly pulls it toward him... REVEALING: KENT standing behind it... smiling.
69) 2) dialog: Kent. What are you doing in my room? He holds up a 45 RPM record, still in its sleeve.
69) 4) dialog: Pat Boone...?
69) 6) dialog: Uh.... thanks. Kent starts to undulate awkwardly to the music...
69) 9) dialog: I don't know what you're talking about...
69) 11) dialog: How did you -- ?
69) 13) dialog: Give it back! 66. Kent dangles the film over Hogarth's head for a moment, t drops it into Hogarth's hands. Hogarth looks at it. HOGARTH (CONT’D) Empty... Kent slips a black-and-white photo from his coat, and han it to Hogarth. It shows the Giant's face, its mouth wide open.
70) 0) text: Kent puffs on his pipe, as Annie knits. Hogarth sits ina chair studying them. Kent breaks the silence.
70) 2) dialog: You're not family. And when my Dad finds out you sat in his chair, he'll hunt you down like a dog--
70) 6) dialog: He's coming back. 67. Ignoring Hogarth, Kent puts on a look of deep sympathy, a turns to Annie.
70) 8) dialog: No you're not!
70) 10) dialog: But, Mom, this guy doesn't care about anything -- cats like him race around, play the game, chase money, chase power...but he keeps buttering you up so you won't see that!
70) 13) dialog: He's doing it again! Kent gives Hogarth a patronizing smile.
70) 15) dialog: They say the soul is part angel and part monster. One look at you and I know the monster is gonna win.
71) 0) text: Hogarth is in bed, the lights are out. Annie appears in h doorway, silhouetted by the light in the hall. She linger for a moment, thoughtful... She EXITS.
71) 2) dialog: (after a long pause) Which junkyard?
71) 4) dialog: (another pause) If I had ...would you be mad at me?
75) 0) text: The Giant strolls through the forest, with Hogarth on his shoulder.
75) 1) dialog: I know this is hard for you to understand, but...well, it might be a real long time before we get to hang out like this again. The Giant is oblivious to anything but the beauty of the day. He turns his face up towards the sun as it ours thro the trees. Birds are singing. All is peaceful.
75) 3) dialog: Yeah, it is beautiful, isn't it? Through a patch in the trees, they spot a deer.
75) 5) dialog: It's a deer. "Deeeer."
75) 7) dialog: That way! Full of childlike curiosity, the Giant follows, and a gam of hide and seek begins. Hogarth laughs happily, as they dart in and out of the trees. At last he finds the deer grazing in a clearing. The Giant is FASCINATED. HOGARTH (CONT’D) (whisper) Shhhhh... let's get closer... 73. The Giant tries to sneak nearer, leaning on a pair of tal trees, which begin to teeter. He grabs one, and as he quietly pushes it back into place... the other crashes to the ground. The treetop lands near the deer, who bolts aw from it and directly toward the Giant--almost into the Giant's foot. The deer STOPS, puzzled by the strange metal obstacle. He looks up... right to the Giant's face. The Giant SMILES-- --which SPOOKS the deer, who darts off in the other direction. The Giant reaches out and catches it, in one huge hand, l a kid trapping a butterfly. HOGARTH (CONT’D) You caught it! The Giant laughs and opens his hand. The deer lies motionless. The Giant and Hogarth look stunned. The Giant tenderly lays the deer down on the ground, kneels, and nudges the deer with a big finger. Nothing. It doesn't move. HOGARTH (CONT’D) It's... dead.
75) 9) dialog: (suddenly vehement) Don't do that! It's dead. Okay?? That means it's not going to move! It's gone! And it's not coming back, understand?? (softly, tears flowing) It's not ever going to come back... It begins to snow, softly. From high above, through the trees, the boy and the giant stare down at the lifeless deer. They bow their heads in sorrow.
76) 0) text: The snow falls harder now. The depressed giant sits ona hillside, snow piling up on his motionless bulk, staring into the forest. Dean and Hogarth watch him, worried. 74.
76) 2) dialog: He doesn't know how to think about it.
76) 4) dialog: Me? I don't know about this stuff...
76) 6) dialog: Alright. I'll try. He walks over to the Giant, climbs up his leg, and sits o his knee. The Giant turns and looks at Hogarth, with wear eyes. Hogarth sighs. HOGARTH (CONT’D) It wasn't your fault. No response from the Giant. HOGARTH (CONT’D) Things die. It's part of life. Hogarth reaches for the overhanging branch of a nearby tr and picks two leaves -- a brown on and a green one. He holds up the green leaf.
76) 7) dialog: Life... He holds up the brown leaf.
76) 8) dialog: .»..and death... He gestures at the forest around him. 75.
76) 9) dialog: ...they're part of the way things are. He points at the Giant and shakes his head.
76) 10) dialog: You didn't make it that way. Do you understand? It's not your fault. The Giant gazes at Hogarth for a beat, then takes the lea from the boy's hands and studies them. Hogarth hops down stands by Dean.
76) 12) dialog: He's thinking. It's not an easy thing to understand. Dean looks at Hogarth with empathy.
78) 1) dialog: Oh no...
78) 3) dialog: I was going to tell you... The Giant looks confused as another panel opens, and what appears to be a rocket launcher pokes out, tracking the planes. As they pass, the weapons recede and the panels close. The Giant looks distressed.
78) 5) dialog: Would you have let him stay?
78) 7) dialog: That's why.
78) 9) dialog: Dean, shh--
78) 11) dialog: We gotta find him!
81) 0) text: He wheels a motorcycle out. Hogarth jumps in the sidecar.
84) 3) dialog: In the snow, Dean drives flat-out. In the side-car, Hogar hangs on for dear life. They blow past-- KENT... going the other way. Kent SLAMS on his breaks, hi suspicions aroused, and hangs a U-TURN, almost colliding with the last of the TROOPS. Their truck screeches to a stop. Kent jumps out, waving his arms as he runs up to th driver.
84) 8) dialog: No! The cops FIRE. The bullets bounce off the Giant's sides. The Giant turns: what was that? His eyes zero in on the cop's guns--and turn BRIGHT RED. With a heavy machinery
84) 12) dialog: Hey! Get your hands off! Let go of me! You're hurting me! Help!! As they pass through frame we see that KENT is holding a MICROPHONE, and recording Hogarth's protestations on a ta recorder. He SMILES.
85) 1) dialog: Let go of me! You're hurting me! Help!! That's all the Giant needs to hear. He's off... moving swiftly through the dark forest in the sounds direction.
86) 0) text: The Giant moves to the edge of the forest, and pauses distrustfully. The town is oddly still. Hogarth's voice can still be heard calling for help. Then the Giant spies-- HOGARTH-- gagged and tied to the top of a radio tower on roof of the five story Cross building, the tallest in Rockwell. He squirms. The moment the Giant starts to move toward the building t Army (camouflaged) OPENS FIRE. 81. Suddenly the Giant is being hit from all sides (rifles, machine guns, bazookas): ARMOR (which we haven't seen before) slides out of his body and locks into a covering around him. A stray shot takes out of chunk of the base of the tower that Hogarth is tied to, and it starts to TOPPLE. The Giant SEES THIS and rushes directly into the line of fire to SHIELD Hogarth from being crushed by the tower. T Giant pulls the tower loose, sliding Hogarth into his met hand.
90) 3) dialog: What's happening...?
91) 0) text: The Giant and HOGARTH are FLYING... kind of. They BLAST along, out of control, the Giant's arms flailing.
91) 1) dialog: Steer that way!
91) 3) dialog: I don't know!! Point your arms, maybe-- like Superman! The Giant does as he's told... and they fly (more or less in that direction. The Giant grins. 85.
91) 4) dialog: OK! Now land! (Giant looks blank) Uh... drop your arms! The Giant lowers his arms to his sides... and the ROCKETS SPUTTER out. The two PLUMMET to the ground. KA-THUMP!
92) 0) text: HOGARTH and the Giant, dazed from their "landing", collec their wits. And here come the spotter planes.
93) 0) text: Hogarth and the Giant stand together, and watch the Army close in.
93) 1) dialog: It's no good. There's too many of them. We'll never get away. He sits down in despair. The Giant sits down too. HOGARTH (CONT’D) They're going to take you away, Giant. There's nothing we can do. For a long moment they sit in silence. Finally the Giant speaks.
93) 3) dialog: (looks up) Huh?
93) 5) dialog: Yeah. Remember when I taught you that?
93) 7) dialog: (laughs) That was a great night, too. 86.
93) 9) dialog: Yeah...
93) 11) dialog: (tearfully) I know. We've been through a lot together, haven't we? He puts his hand in the Giant's hand.
93) 12) dialog: I'm going to miss you so much.
97) 0) text: Hogarth and the Giant watch the missiles streak into the sky.
97) 1) dialog: What's happening-- ? Hogarth looks out at the sea. On the decks of one of the warships, he can see people panicking. HOGARTH (CONT’D) There must be some mistake. He looks up at the sky again. A look of fear comes over him. He begins to pace. HOGARTH (CONT’D) Oh no... oh no... In his voice is a note of desperation we've never heard before. The Giant seems to notice. He looks at Hogarth puzzled, trying to understand. Hogarth points at the sky. HOGARTH (CONT’D) The missiles. Missiles! They're nuclear. Nu-cle-ar. When they come down... He mimes a missile coming down and exploding. 88.
97) 2) dialog: Death... The Giant reacts. Hogarth gestures at the town around him HOGARTH (CONT’D) ...everything... The Giant looks at the sky, then at the town, and after a moment, back at Hogarth. He picks up two leaves, one gree and one brown. He gives Hogarth the green leaf, keeping the brown one fo himself. HOGARTH (CONT’D) What? What do you mean? I don't understand! The Giant looks at Hogarth, gently touching the side of h face with a massive finger. And with that, the Giant blas off into the sky. Hogarth looks at his leaf again, anda look of dawning comprehension comes over him
102) 0) text: Several jeeps pull up beside Hogarth who is staring at th sky. The General and a group of soldiers jump out. Kent, flanked by soldiers with pistols on him, sits silently in the back of the jeep. The Captain scoops up Hogarth in hi arms and stares at the sky as well.
105) 3) dialog: But... the giant... The General looks at Hogarth with great sadness... and shakes his head. Hogarth hides his face and SOBS. The CHEERS TRAIL OFF, as the soldiers, realize the great sacrifice that the big metal monster has made for them... and mankind. The General looks at his men.
106) 0) text: Dean and Annie walk hand in hand with Hogarth alongside. Everyone smiles and waves. All three are now celebrities, and even Dean seems well-liked and respected. The busybodies spot the trio, and whisper to each other.
108) 0) text: In an India-version of Hogarth's barn, Sashi cleans the giant head. But it looks dead. 92.
109) 0) text: Hogarth is awakened by a RATTLING SOUND. He looks to see scorched PIECE OF IRON on his dresser as it drops to the floor and starts moving toward his window. Hogarth BEAMS. ...and opens his window to release it. MUSIC SOARS as the boy watches the piece of metal GO, his mind swimming with new possibilities.