15) 0) text: The HUMMING is LOUD. Hogarth slowly parts bushes to see.. a power station: "DANGER - HIGH VOLTAGE". Tall power line towers march through the woods. SPARKS SNAP. THUMP! A giant metal foot SLAMS into the ground right in front of Hogarth, he YELPS. THUMP! THUMP! THUMP! ‘Two huge feet become two huge legs. Hogarth looks up, up... A GIANT. Made of metal! Forty feet tall, maybe fifty! Hogarth can't believe his eyes... The giant stares at the metal towers, makes a METALLIC GR that sounds... hungry. It reaches out and SNAPS off a thi piece of metal, pops it in his mouth, CHEWS NOISILY, and SWALLOWS. BURP. Mmmm good!
15) 4) text: Annie grabs a flashlight by the door, illuminates the living room... what a mess! And... no Hogarth. KA-ZAPPP! Electricity races up and down the giant's metal it jerks, flies backward, trailing SPARKING POWERLINES th wrap around him as he stumbles into a tangle of more powe lines: KA-ZAP! It panics, flailing, SCREECHING, tries to free itself, gets more entangled. Annie searches through the house by flashlight, for her s becoming more and more frantic.
16) 0) text: The dazed giant, looks around, dizzy... he stands, sways, easily SNAPS free of the wires holding him. His eyes focu down (way down) on Hogarth. The boy and the Giant stare a each other for a long time. Now what?
17) 0) text: Hogarth sits in silence as Annie starts the ignition. As they drive away, Hogarth can't help but look back over hi shoulder. Backlit by the moon, he can just make out the outline of the Giant, half-hidden by the trees... watchin them go...
23) 0) text: The Giant and Hogarth sit facing each other, each staring the other with curiosity.
24) 11) dialog: is still fussing with the tracks, trying to get them perfect.
25) 3) text: And then, behind him, the Giant's head, still attached to its torso, sits up. Hogarth YELPS. The Giant's eyes spark, flash and click on. He looks around, dazed, at his scattered parts. HOGARTH (CONT’D) You're alive! The torso has one leg and most of one arm attached. The other pieces seem to come alive and scamper around as if confused. An antenna rises out of the top of the Giant's head and begins to "signal". All the pieces SNAP to attention. They crawl toward the Giant, who gathers them in his arm and looks at Hogarth, confused. Just then we h voices coming from the fog.
29) 0) text: The Giant finishes attaching his leg, and is now all together save for a missing HAND. He looks around the bar for it.
32) 0) text: Hogarth yanks open the door, revealing: The giant hand, which crouches on the sink as it unrolls pile of toilet paper into a pile on the floor. 36. Hogarth shuts the door behind him, startling the hand, wh leaps to the floor with a THUD!
33) 0) text: Hogarth labors as he pulls the giant hand toward the open window. The hand resists mildly, like a distracted child-
36) 0) text: Using his whole body, Hogarth tries to shove the giant ha out the open window.
41) 0) text: Hogarth enters and finds the Giant sleeping.
46) 0) text: Hogarth and the Giant are marching along a back road on t hills outside town.
48) 0) text: Hogarth is still riding on the Giant's shoulder. Rain has begun to drizzle down now.
49) 0) text: Kent, soaked to the bone, is sitting on the edge of the Giant footprint, which has become a soggy, nondescript me
53) 7) dialog: Dean. The giant grins at Dean; he sways, shocked, overwhelmed.
55) 0) text: Hogarth smiles to himself, as he watches the giant sleep, now covered with a layer of junk, a camouflage-comforter. And then he hears a BEEPING NOISE. Hogarth looks up and sees an ARMY PLANE, flying towards him. The BEEPING gets louder. Hogarth realizes it's coming fro the Giant. Suddenly: WHIR, a panel on the giant's arm slides open. A strange device pops out and starts trackin the plane overhead. Hogarth panics: as the plane comes nearer the BEEPING becomes more insistent, the strange device tracks the pla it looks very retro-advanced and scary. The giant starts MOANING, thrashing in his sleep as if caught in a bad dream. Suddenly he wakes up and ka-CHUK!- the device withdraws. The plane disappears over the trees Hogarth looks at the giant, stunned. The giant, unaware, looks at Hogarth, puzzled. 52.
63) 1) text: Kent and the labcoat AGENT sit at a small, improvised lab table. Nearby are four OTHER AGENTS in suits and ties; studying maps, monitoring listening equipment, generating artist conceptions of the giant. They look up, aghast.
65) 20) text: (cont'd) Hey, it's okay. I know you didn't mean it. But, uh, maybe that's enough playing for now. Hogarth gets up and heads for Dean's house. As he turns a from the Giant, we see that he wears a look of deep conce
75) 0) text: The Giant strolls through the forest, with Hogarth on his shoulder.
78) 0) text: The Giant still ponders. Just then, a pair of Army planes comes into view. We hear a beeping sound. 76.
80) 0) text: The Giant wanders through the falling snow, deeply distur and depressed, not knowing, or caring, where he's going.
82) 0) text: The Giant blindly marches on, agitated, grieving.
84) 0) text: FILLING THE SCREEN: a woman SCREAMS. LOUD. REVERSE: the Giant peers down at a tiny woman, her TINY SCREAM barely heard from his viewpoint. He waves meekly. BACK TO: the woman SCREAMS... runs in, SLAMS the door. The Giant wonders... He looks behind him, is something ba there...? Nope.... He shrugs. He wanders on, the streets largely deserted, the snow falls heavily.
85) 0) text: The Giant hides, anxious and watchful. Then he hears a distant sound echoing through the trees, a voice...
86) 0) text: The Giant moves to the edge of the forest, and pauses distrustfully. The town is oddly still. Hogarth's voice can still be heard calling for help. Then the Giant spies-- HOGARTH-- gagged and tied to the top of a radio tower on roof of the five story Cross building, the tallest in Rockwell. He squirms. The moment the Giant starts to move toward the building t Army (camouflaged) OPENS FIRE. 81. Suddenly the Giant is being hit from all sides (rifles, machine guns, bazookas): ARMOR (which we haven't seen before) slides out of his body and locks into a covering around him. A stray shot takes out of chunk of the base of the tower that Hogarth is tied to, and it starts to TOPPLE. The Giant SEES THIS and rushes directly into the line of fire to SHIELD Hogarth from being crushed by the tower. T Giant pulls the tower loose, sliding Hogarth into his met hand.
88) 0) text: The Giant tries to swat at the fighter planes as they fly overhead, but they are just out of his reach. He grabs a fallen tree, swinging it like a club, clipping off most o one fighters' WINGS. The pilot EJECTS just before the jet plows into the earth, bursting into a fireball. More and more fighters appear --too many-- BLASTING away the Giant. He veers toward a high cliff--and JUMPS---
90) 4) dialog: (PUZZLED SOUND)
90) 5) text: Both look down; the Giant's feet begin to flame like rockets as he
91) 0) text: The Giant and HOGARTH are FLYING... kind of. They BLAST along, out of control, the Giant's arms flailing.
91) 2) dialog: (MORE PUZZLED SOUNDS)
92) 0) text: HOGARTH and the Giant, dazed from their "landing", collec their wits. And here come the spotter planes.
93) 0) text: Hogarth and the Giant stand together, and watch the Army close in.
93) 13) text: Through a long periscope lens, as the sub rounds the poin we see the cliff and the Giant come into view.
97) 0) text: Hogarth and the Giant watch the missiles streak into the sky.
98) 0) text: The Giant BLASTS ALONG at full power to catch up. His rad tracking, the giant spots the missiles. Suddenly TWO of t missles' rockets fire, sending them off toward separate targets on the earth's surface... ...while the DAMAGED MISSLE just FIZZLES, and slowly star to drop straight down toward Maine far below.
101) 0) text: The Giant takes off after the first missile. He concentrates, and the panel on his arm opens up, revealin the now familiar weapon. He FIRES at the distant glare of the missile rockets ... igniting the warhead on the secon shot. There is a blinding FLASH, followed by a shockwave, but the Giant remains intact. He doubles back in pursuit of the second missle. Sighting it, he FIRES --and MISSES repeatedly, losing valuable tim as he moves closer and closer to the missile. Finally he hits it. It EXPLODES too near him, pummeling h throwing him back. The Giant recovers and tries to shoot remaining missile.
102) 2) dialog: The ROAR of his engines fades into silence as a look of peace falls over his iron face. He wraps his arms around nose of the missile, closing his eyes... 90. ...and slams his fist into the tip of the bomb--
104) 0) text: Pieces of the giant rain all over the Eastern Hemisphere, a spectacular display.
108) 0) text: In an India-version of Hogarth's barn, Sashi cleans the giant head. But it looks dead. 92.