0) 78) text: I just set things up. It's his business what happens after that. Teeth points the .38.
0) 80) text: 493 REVISED + "THE DRIVER" - 6/13/77 : a9 215 cont. Teeth walks over and stands behind her, Pushes her down onte the sofe,
0) 86) text: I warned him. I said I wouldn't get Killed for hin. TEETE . Sure. Pushes the pillow over her head. Shoves his pistol against it. Pulls the trigger. Twice. . Explosion of feathers. Teeth walks out. cur To:
0) 129) text: 493 96 TRAIN STATION - NIGHT eho The Pickup coming around the far side of the station. Starts cruising along the curbside. cuT To: THE PLAYER eu. Scanning faces. Line of cars. picking up passengers. Then Teeth crosses the sidewalk.
0) 130) text: ‘There. The Driver floors the accelerator. THE FIREBIRD , eke With the Flying Tiger on the hood. Teeth climbs into the passenger seat. Looks over to his wheelman.
0) 132) dialog: GO, ZO, go. The Kid spins the wheel. Swerves in.front of the Pickup. Pishtails toward the exit. Both cars go broadside into the street.
0) 135) text: “U 493 98 245 cont.1 Rubber burning onto the blacktop... The big Firebird fishtailing down the road. The Pickup following behind under control. The tail of the Firebird swings in front of the Driver. The Kid fighting the wheel. / Straightens the car up. The Pickup stays close behind. Both cars slide sideways and turn down another street. Pactories on either side. Teeth reaches across in front of the Kid. Jries a shot at the Pickup.. Slug creasing across the hood. The Player screams. Ducks. Bullet hele in the windshield. - Suddenly a factory wall appears at the end of the street, Dead end. The Kid brakes. Sends the Firebird into a wild spin. Goes off the road. Takes out a set of railings, arrives in a power depot... The Pickup hangs a U. Follows the Firebird around the back. High concrete walls rising upward. The -Kid brings the smoking Firehird round the far end of the “pullding. Trucks parked in the back. No exit. The Pickup. coming on behind, fo one side a wire swing gate blocks a service ramp. The Kid smashes the Firebird into it. Sends the hinges flying. The Pickup roars after him down the ramp... The Kid loses back end... Smashes through wooden double doors inte a huge warehouse The Firebird straightens, doesn't back off... Noses for the opposite end of the building. The Pickup follows at speed. The back doors of the warehouse loom open... The Kid hurtles the Firebird through and inte the next Warehouse see Blazing down the aisles... No doors at the end -- a sliding 180, and back down the aisle straight at the Driver... The Pickup accelerates. Another 100 by the Kid. Then a hard right... Crates flying, pillars emash at the fenders. The Pirebird comes up facing the open doors. Full throttle for daylight. But the Fickup appears from out of the shadows. Cont.
0) 136) text: Me 493 99 2h5 cont.2 Full throttle for the Firebird. Teeth leans out the window. Fires three shots. The Kid panics. Spins the wheel. Sends the Firebird careening end over end after hitting a pillar, : Comes to rest after sme hing into the wall aear the entra A finished car. THE DRIVER : eke Slides sideways down the aisle. Comes to a halt. : Pulls the .357 from under seat. Looks at the Player.