0) 95) text: 91 221 Cont. The Player steps out of the hallway by the first platform Then walks over to the sandwich bar. The Crowd streaming past. Finds a row of vacant seats. Orders a coffee. THE GOLD PLAINCLOTHESMAN , : 222 . Dodging through the crowd, Gets to the first platform, Checks the line of passengers. Then moves to the next. Nothing. Ee starte back.
0) 96) dialog: Waiting at the counter. Coffee untouched. Watches the crowd. Her eyes stop on a Man standing at the far side of the counter. He stares back. Walks slowly towards her. THE EXCHANGE MAN 22h Confident, careful. Has the look of a cowboy. Carries a tan suitcase. Placing the suitcase on his lap, he sits beside the Playe
0) 98) dialog: Sips her coffee, Eyes the Man beside her. She takes a key from her puree. Places it between them. Covers it with her hand.
0) 114) dialog: Watching the Exchange Man. Oblivious to the Gold Plaincicthesman thirty yards behind her. The Exchange Man stops at the locker. Turns the key... Pulls. out the black bag. Slams the door shut. He giances back to the Player. Then walks toward the platforms. The Player starts away from the counter. CUT TO; REVISED = "THE DRIVER" ~ 6 , ok
0) 119) dialog: Now out of the mein. concourse. Passes the ticket windows. Heading for the main entrance. Purse held under her arm. Then a hand reaches out. Grabs her purse. She swings round. Teeth standing there. He turns and runs into the crowd. The Player starts to follow. Then she sees a uniformed Cop. Twenty feet away. On his beat. - cont.
0) 121) text: 236 cont. He's seen the purse snatch. Plans on helping. Starts over toward her. The Player looks back into the crowd. Then turns abruptly end walks out of the station. The Cop stares after. . Turns away.
0) 129) text: 493 96 TRAIN STATION - NIGHT eho The Pickup coming around the far side of the station. Starts cruising along the curbside. cuT To: THE PLAYER eu. Scanning faces. Line of cars. picking up passengers. Then Teeth crosses the sidewalk.
0) 135) text: “U 493 98 245 cont.1 Rubber burning onto the blacktop... The big Firebird fishtailing down the road. The Pickup following behind under control. The tail of the Firebird swings in front of the Driver. The Kid fighting the wheel. / Straightens the car up. The Pickup stays close behind. Both cars slide sideways and turn down another street. Pactories on either side. Teeth reaches across in front of the Kid. Jries a shot at the Pickup.. Slug creasing across the hood. The Player screams. Ducks. Bullet hele in the windshield. - Suddenly a factory wall appears at the end of the street, Dead end. The Kid brakes. Sends the Firebird into a wild spin. Goes off the road. Takes out a set of railings, arrives in a power depot... The Pickup hangs a U. Follows the Firebird around the back. High concrete walls rising upward. The -Kid brings the smoking Firehird round the far end of the “pullding. Trucks parked in the back. No exit. The Pickup. coming on behind, fo one side a wire swing gate blocks a service ramp. The Kid smashes the Firebird into it. Sends the hinges flying. The Pickup roars after him down the ramp... The Kid loses back end... Smashes through wooden double doors inte a huge warehouse The Firebird straightens, doesn't back off... Noses for the opposite end of the building. The Pickup follows at speed. The back doors of the warehouse loom open... The Kid hurtles the Firebird through and inte the next Warehouse see Blazing down the aisles... No doors at the end -- a sliding 180, and back down the aisle straight at the Driver... The Pickup accelerates. Another 100 by the Kid. Then a hard right... Crates flying, pillars emash at the fenders. The Pirebird comes up facing the open doors. Full throttle for daylight. But the Fickup appears from out of the shadows. Cont.
0) 136) text: Me 493 99 2h5 cont.2 Full throttle for the Firebird. Teeth leans out the window. Fires three shots. The Kid panics. Spins the wheel. Sends the Firebird careening end over end after hitting a pillar, : Comes to rest after sme hing into the wall aear the entra A finished car. THE DRIVER : eke Slides sideways down the aisle. Comes to a halt. : Pulls the .357 from under seat. Looks at the Player.
0) 217) dialog: Waiting on the sidewalk outside. Senses something wrong. Walks over to the entrance. : Looks through the plate-glass doors. Sees the uniformed Cops. And the Driver walking teward the Detective.