0) 1) text: “BAR Two beers put down on the counter, The Detective Crops a bill beside them.
0) 2) text: On the house, The Detective pockets his money. Turns to the two Plainclothesmen.
0) 45) dialog: Walks over to the bar. ‘ DETECTIVE . Seen your friend lately. Shows the picture of Fingers,
0) 53) dialog: Walks down the line of stalls, Looks under the doors, No legs. He walks back towerd the entrance. Passes the basins, Glences down et them. Yellow porcelain,
0) 55) dialog: Stops beside him, Locks down at the bin. Crumpled white towels lying on the top. He reaches deeper, Pulls ont a mass of bloody paper.
0) 58) dialog: Closes the door behind the Red Plainclothesman,. Stays inside, Looks along the toilets.
0) 62) dialog: At the urinals. ‘ Gun up. Not firing.
0) 68) dialog: Fires three times, . Fingers twists, falls back into the stall. Then silence. The Red Plainclothesman runs back inside. Looks at the Detective. © Sound of running footsteps. The Gold Plainclothesman appears, Sees the dead man's arm under the stall deor. Finds the Detective's eyes. You okay.
0) 149) dialog: Moves inte the back of the seventh pullman. Methodically checks the racks above the seats, Looks balow the seats before moving on.
0) 152) dialog: Squeezing through the passengers. sees a black bag propped in the lugesge | rack, Middle-aged man below it. He pulls out his badge.
0) 160) text: 493 103 261 cont. The door snaps shut, , The Detective rushes into the next pullman, Train now entering the station. - |
0) 162) dialog: Forces his way desperately through the crowd. Gets blocked by the group of businessmen. He leoks down. Sees another black bag. Grabs it up from beside a Commuter. Pulls it open. The money stacked inside. The Commuter turns to face hin.
0) 170) dialog: Plat against the wall. Then dives for the floor in front of the open door. Sees the Exchange Man half out the window of the moving t Both men fire simultaneously. The Detective’s bullets send the Exchange Man all the way through the window. Through the window and dead. The Detective rises. “ Holsters his pistol. Stares at the open window, Then walks back down the aisle. Still carrying the black bag. cur TO:
0) 172) dialog: Emerges from the station. Holding the black bag. Walks over to the van. Drops the bag on the hood, Looks at the Gold Plainclothesman.
0) 215) dialog: Waiting by the entrance. Plainclothesmen on either side.