0) 6) text: I see you were at Princeton. Then you'll most likely know our son, Dick. Dickie Greenleaf...
0) 11) text: How is Dickie? INT. ELEVATOR OPENING OUT INTO LOBBY. EARLY EVENING. Fran, Ripley, Mr and Mrs Greenleaf and others emerge from elevator. Emily talks to Fran, Herbert to Ripley.
0) 69) text: La fidanzata a una faccia.  The fiancГ€e has a face.  La fidanzata e Marge. Her partner, DICKIE GREENLEAF, dives too. They're brown, beautiful, perfect. Ripley notices the name of the boat: "BIRD". RIPLEY (cont'd)
0) 70) text: Questo e la mia faccia..... The golden couple emerge from the sea. Dickie shakes off water, grins. RIPLEY (cont'd)
0) 72) text: Questa...e la mia faccia. Questa e la faccia di Dickie. EXT. MONGIBELLO. DAY. Ripley emerges from one of the beach cabins, and stands o the edge of the sand on a wooden walkway. He's wearing A LIME-GREEN BATHING SUIT. He loathes beaches. A couple of turn laconically and watch him. Ripley puts on his shoes and scurries to the sea. He feel ridiculous, his skin alabaster against the brown bodies. Finally, the shame is too great and he pulls off his shoe and dashes to the water, where he luxuriates in the cooln of it before wading out of the sea, and walking straight to Dickie.
0) 74) dialog: Who's this?
0) 76) dialog: Okay. (he sits up)
0) 79) dialog: (to Marge)
0) 84) dialog: What are you doing in Mongi?
0) 86) dialog: (finds this idea absurd)
0) 89) dialog: Say again?
0) 91) dialog: That's funny. He shares some intimacy with Marge, makes her laugh.  Rip stands as they wrestle around him. Marge looks up.
0) 93) dialog: Sure.  Any time.
0) 96) dialog: I've been looking for you everywhere.
0) 98) dialog: What?
0) 100) dialog: Sorry, sorry, sorry. I know, I'm late, I'm a swine.
0) 102) dialog: I just woke up.  I'm sorry.
0) 104) dialog: Fausto and I - we took the boat out, we were fishing, and then it was dawn and we'd caught absolutely nothing.
0) 106) dialog: We?
0) 108) dialog: Who? Oh, Tom, hello, how are you? We thought you'd disappeared. We were going to send out a search party.
0) 111) dialog: Is that good?
0) 114) dialog: Can you mix a martini?
0) 119) dialog: Everybody should have one talent. (to Ripley)
0) 123) dialog: (enjoying this banter)
0) 127) dialog: (absolutely thrown)
0) 130) dialog: (incredibly impressed)
0) 134) dialog: I feel like he's here. Horrible. Like the old bastard is here right now!  That's brilliant!  How do you know him?
0) 136) dialog: Marge! You've got to hear this!
0) 139) dialog: Meet my father, Herbert Richard Greenleaf 1st.
0) 142) dialog: Uncanny!
0) 145) dialog: What?
0) 147) dialog: I'm never going back. To actually hire somebody to come all the way here to drag me back home - got to be insane, hasn't he? SILVANA comes out of church arm in arm with a man, her fiancee, as part of a foursome which includes Dickie's pa FAUSTO. Silvana's eyes flick towards Dickie, otherwise there's no acknowledgement as they all greet each other. Dickie introduces Tom, then they move on. DICKIE (cont'd)
0) 150) dialog: It's got nothing to do with my mother! She's had leukemia for - ! This is what makes me boil about him! HE wants me back! - it's got nothing to do with my mother.
0) 152) dialog: (interrupting)
0) 153) text: Go back!  Go back to New York or call him if you can find a telephone that works, and tell him wild horses wouldn't drag me back to him or his shipyard. EXT. DICKIE'S HOUSE, MONGIBELLO. AFTERNOON. Ripley appears, with his meagre luggage at Dickie's front door. He's carrying his tote bag under his arm, the botto which seems to be unstitched and held together only by hi fingers. Marge is on the terrace, she looks down to see T talking with Dickie.
0) 155) dialog: (looks up)
0) 158) dialog: (to Ripley)
0) 164) text: Oh, damn, sorry, this bag's - Dickie's delighted when he sees the Jazz titles.
0) 165) dialog: You like jazz!
0) 168) dialog: (holding up a Chet Baker)
0) 172) dialog: Bird! Ask me the name of my sailboat -
0) 174) dialog: <i>Bird!</i>
0) 177) dialog: (excited)
0) 180) dialog: Yes, it's vile. Don't worry, you don't have to come. (to Ripley)
0) 181) text: It's great.  You're going to love it. INT. JAZZ CLUB, NAPLES. NIGHT. A cavern blue with smoke. A surprisingly good QUINTET bla out their version of <i>MOANIN'</i>. Dickie and Ripley ar make their way to a table where Fausto is sitting with friends. It's too noisy for conversation, but Dickie shou introductions and they shake Ripley's hand.  Dickie is instantly absorbed in the music, Ripley absorbed in Dicki An attractive Italian Girl, DAHLIA, comes over, kisses Dickie, pulls off his hat, puts it on, there's no room fo her to sit, so she sits on Dickie's lap, smoking his cigarette.  Dickie raises his eyebrow at Tom, but it's clearly no hardship. Then the band strikes up the intro t vuo' fa' L'Americano</i> - a hit which reflects the curre for all things American - and Fausto pulls a protesting D up onto the stage.
0) 183) text: <i>Ladies and Gentlemen. Dickie Greenleaf, all the way from America... etc.</i> Fausto starts to sing. Dickie joins in the chorus. Everyb claps. Dickie talks off-mic to Fausto. FAUSTO (cont'd)
0) 184) text: <i>And a big round of applause for a new friend from New York - Tom Ripley!</i> Ripley's mortified, but Dickie jumps off the stage and pu him up.  The song continues and now, at the chorus, it's Dickie and Ripley who have to sing. Ripley, of course, ca sing well, if not confident in this arena. Soon the audie is clapping, standing on tables, dancing, Dahlia prominen
0) 185) dialog: (reading)
0) 186) text: <i>I have bumped into an old friend from Princeton - a fellow named Tom Ripley. He says he's going to haunt me until I agree to come back to New York with him...</i> INT. DICKIE'S HOUSE. NOON. Dickie, in his new dressing gown, is sitting at the table typing. Ripley's head emerges from behind the couch on wh he has been enjoying a blissful sleep.
0) 187) dialog: (grins)
0) 192) dialog: I can't write and I can't spell.  That's the privilege of a first-class education. You're upstairs at the back. I think Ermelinda made the bed up.
0) 194) dialog: Don't say it again. Now you're a Double Agent and we're going to string my Dad alone, I was thinking we might buy a little car with the expense money he's sending you. What do you think, Marge...a little Cinquecento with my Dad's money? Marge has appeared, carrying Camparis.
0) 197) dialog: It'll just be for a little while.  He can be... he makes me laugh.
0) 199) dialog: You'd say if you mind?
0) 201) dialog: Marge, you like everybody.
0) 203) dialog: Then I'll go to your place and you can move in with Tom. Above them, Ripley repeats these phrases, carefully, test the cadences, <i>No, I like him. Marge, you like everybod until he's as accurate as a taperecorder. EXT. TERRACE OF DICKIE'S HOUSE. DAY. Ermelinda is clearing away lunch. Ripley is changed and sitting at the table with Marge while Dickie works on the coffee. Ripley watches him, studying everything: the way uses the expresso machine, the way he wears no socks, his pants, his rings.
0) 204) dialog: Now you know why Miss Sherwood always shows up for breakfast.  It's not love it's the coffee machine.
0) 206) dialog: Shut up.
0) 208) dialog: No it's for Tom as he didn't complain.
0) 212) text: Tom, I love you! (to Dickie)
0) 216) dialog: I had to promise, capital P, never to take it off - otherwise I'd give it to you.
0) 220) dialog: I hope it wasn't cheap.
0) 226) dialog: You're a dark horse, Ripley. Engaged?
0) 228) dialog: Oh God - I can just imagine - <i>if only Dickie would settle down... doesn't every parent deserve a grandchild?</i>  Never! I swear on your ring, Marge.  I am never going back. EXT. BIRD SAILBOAT. DAY. The Bird is sailing off the coast of Mongibello. There's manoeuvre going on with the sail.  Captain Dickie supervi his crew of Marge and a painfully awkward anxious-to-plea Ripley.  Dickie goes over to help him.
0) 230) dialog: You're doing great. We'll make a sailor of you yet. You're doing really well.
0) 232) dialog: Yes please! She heads for the cabin. Dickie settles down beside Riple
0) 234) dialog: Sure.  I love Venice.
0) 236) dialog: See Venice and die, isn't that right? Or is it Rome? You do something and die, don't you?  Okay, Venice is on the list.
0) 238) dialog: Do you ski? (Ripley frowns)
0) 246) text: Anyway, then one day, we go in, I see Dickie, he starts playing <i>My Funny Valentine,</i> and then all of a sudden he just walks into the cafe, right in front of Jean-Jacques, and grabs me! Now I had never spoken to him in my life - he said <i>I'm going to Italy, tomorrow, and I want you to come with me.</i> So I did. At the edge of the square there's A BOCCE AREA, where men throw metal balls along a track, aiming to get closest to small cue. Dickie is there, playing intensely with Fausto two other guys, one of whom we've seen before with Silvan Ripley and Marge loop back towards home, taking in the Bo en route. Dickie waves. They wave back. Marge calls to hi MARGE (cont'd)
0) 248) dialog: Okay. EXT. MARGE'S HOUSE. EARLY EVENING. Dickie and Ripley are leaving.  They're fooling around. Dickie jumps on Ripley's shoulders. Marge watches from th top of the garden. EXT. MONGIBELLO SQUARE. EARLY EVENING. Dickie and Ripley, still horsing about, pass Silvana's grocery store.  Dickie dismounts, goes over to Silvana, w tense, a little troubled. They huddle, Ripley isolated.
0) 250) dialog: I want to talk to you too...Smile for me. And Dickie's already gone, back to Ripley feinting to box then dancing, satyr-like, down the hill. EXT. COASTAL ROAD TO NAPLES. EVENING. Dickie and Ripley on the Vespa. There's a steep incline w the road winds down towards Naples and, as the Vespa gain speed, Ripley is happy to cling to Dickie.
0) 251) dialog: You're breaking my ribs!
0) 253) dialog: You're breaking my ribs! INT. JAZZ CLUB, NAPLES. NIGHT. Ripley's really singing, carrying the burden of <i>My Fun Valentine</i> in a flawless imitation of Chet Baker. Dick playing some sax. After a verse, there's spontaneous applause. Dickie, impressed beams at Ripley. INT. DICKIE'S HOUSE. NIGHT. A NEW ICEBOX, incongruous in pride of place in the living room, casts its glow on a delighted Dickie as he pulls ou couple of beers, handing one to Ripley who is paging thro his copy of the Collected Works of Shakespeare.
0) 254) dialog: I could fuck this icebox I love it so much. (considering Ripley)
0) 257) dialog: That's one job, you told me a lot of jobs.
0) 259) dialog: The mysterious Mr Ripley. Marge and I spend hours speculating. (drinking)
0) 262) dialog: (staring to write on the back of a postcard)
0) 265) dialog: She can do that stuff for you. Anyway, just wear some of my things, wear anything you want, most of it's ancient. (he's finished writing)
0) 267) text: Not "Dickie". Your signature. Dickie writes his signature at the bottom of the postcard Ripley studies the writing, takes off his glasses to clea them. Dickie looks at him.
0) 268) dialog: Without the glasses you're not even ugly. (takes them, tries them on)
0) 271) text: Now Superman. Dickie cuffs him.  Ripley looks down at the postcard.
0) 272) dialog: I know. I write like a child.
0) 274) dialog: It must be a deep secret, cause I don't know about it.
0) 276) dialog: (flattered)
0) 277) text: Well we certainly know that's true. INT. DICKIE'S BATHROOM. NIGHT. Dickie's in the bath. Ripley, dressed, sits on the stool to the bath. They're in the middle of playing chess, the board propped on the bath tray. Ripley puts his hand in t water, checking the temperature. He turns on the faucet f burst of hot. Ripley is absurdly happy. He pours some win
0) 278) dialog: Do you have any brothers?
0) 280) dialog: me neither. Nor does Marge. All only children - what does that mean? He looks at Ripley who looks at him, a little too long.
0) 282) dialog: No!
0) 284) dialog: (standing)
0) 285) text: Okay, you get in. I'm like a prune anyway. He gets out, walks past Ripley, who doesn't turn around. Dickie's reflected in the mirror. Ripley looks, then Dick turns, holds his look momentarily before flicking him wit his towel. INT/EXT. AMERICAN EXPRESS OFFICE, NAPLES. DAY. An OFFICIAL is studying Dickie's passport photograph. It' not a recent picture. The official looks suspicious. Dick is used to it.
0) 286) dialog: It is me. It's an old picture. (sighs at Ripley)
0) 290) text: <i>I miss you, where are you coming home? Stop telling me what a great time you're having, how you love Dickie... and Marge and...</i> (the next letter)
0) 292) dialog: What does he say?
0) 294) dialog: You've got to get a new jacket. Really. You must be sick of the same clothes. I'm sick of seeing you in them.
0) 296) dialog: I love how responsible you are. My Dad should make you Chief Accountant or something.  Let me buy you a jacket. There's a great place when we get to Rome, Batistoni. Ripley loves this idea and mouths the word, "Batistoni". DICKIE (cont'd)
0) 297) text: Andiamo a Roma.  We're taking Tom to Roma! EXT. ARCARI'S CAFE, PIAZZA NAVONA, ROME. DAY. Ripley and Dickie sit outside at a Cafe in the Piazza Nav Very smart, very sophisticated, very young crowd.  There already several empty coffee cups and a half empty bottle Frascati.  Ripley has his guide book out and is incredibl impatient. Dickie, meanwhile, has stretched out for the duration.
0) 299) dialog: Relax.
0) 301) dialog: Relax. The most important question is where to eat. I hope Freddie made a reservation.
0) 303) dialog: Freddie Miles.  You know - he's organizing the Cortina skiing trip. Ripley hates the idea of having this special day invaded. horn makes him look up as FREDDIE MILES illegally parks h open top sports car opposite the cafe, sees Dickie and bustles over.  He's a heavy-set American with a reddish crewcut. Ripley finds him disgusting to look at. Dickie i delighted. DICKIE (cont'd)
0) 307) dialog: This is Tom Ripley. Freddie Miles.
0) 309) text: Hey, if I'm late, think what her husband's saying! He fills Dickie's glass with wine and drinks it standing FREDDIE (cont'd)
0) 310) text: So let's go. I got us a table outside at Fabrizio's. And Dickie's up, leaving Ripley to pick up all the tiny checks to work out the bill and pay it.
0) 311) dialog: I'll tell you - I am so cabin-crazy with Mongi. Freddie and Dickie link arms Italian-style and cross the street to Freddie's car.
0) 314) text: You're going to have to sit between us. But don't put your shoes on the seat, know what I mean, put them one on top of the other.  Okay? INT. A JAZZ RECORD STORE. LATE AFTERNOON. This record store is hidden away down a cobbled alley, an stuffed with the trendiest Romans, all of whom rifle the stacks under a fog of cigarette smoke.  There are two LISTENING BOOTHS, one of which has Freddie and Dickie cra into it, sharing a set of headphones.  Ripley stands outs the booth, holding both of their jackets like a manservan while inside and behind the glass doors they chat animate He looks longingly at the street, where the light is fadi Dickie catches his hangdog expression and pushes open the accordion doors.
0) 315) dialog: Look, Tom, we've got to go to a club and meet some friends of Freddie's. The best thing is - if you want to be a tourist - grab a cab and we can meet up at the railway station.
0) 318) dialog: Freddie's arranged it with some of the skiing crowd. Come if you want but I thought you wanted to see the Forum...?
0) 322) dialog: (oblivious to Ripley's pain)
0) 324) dialog: Ciao.  Have fun. Ripley heads for the door, then comes back, raps on the booth.  Dickie pushes it open.
0) 326) dialog: What are you doing? Ripley turns, horrified, to see Dickie standing in the doorway.  The music thumps away.
0) 328) text: I didn't think you were coming back. Dickie turns off the record player.
0) 329) dialog: I wish you'd get out of my clothes. Ripley starts undressing, his fingers clumsy with mortification and shock.  Dickie looks at his feet, shake his head. DICKIE (cont'd)
0) 333) dialog: Get undressed in your own room, would you?
0) 335) dialog: Freddie drove me back in his car.
0) 338) dialog: He's downstairs.
0) 349) dialog: (laughing and choking)
0) 355) text: Freddie says there aren't enough rooms. EXT. OCEAN, ABOARD THE BIRD. DUSK. LATER and now the boat is sailing again. Ripley is sittin his spot. Dickie and Freddie are at the tiller.
0) 356) dialog: Come on, Frederico, do you really have to go back?  At least stick around for the Festival of the Madonna.
0) 358) dialog: Do you think you can steer this thing?
0) 360) dialog: Just point her at Capri and avoid the rocks.
0) 362) dialog: Marge-maintenance.
0) 364) text: Tommy - How's the peeping? Come on Tommy, you were looking.  Tommy Tommy Tommy. Shamed, Ripley looks away. He stares at the water, partin before the boat, its turmoil reflecting his. EXT. DICKIE'S MOORING. DAY. The Bird returns to the mooring by Dickie's House.  Dicki ever Captain of the Ship, clambering around, shouting instructions, with Ripley, Marge and Freddie as crew.  Ri looks back at shore. Silvana stands watching, staring. Dickie notices her too. EXT. MONGIBELLO SLIPWAY. LATE DAY. A WOMAN'S HEAD suddenly breaks the surface of the water. It's a statue of the Virgin Mary, life size, adorned with flowers and a lace veil.  As she is revealed, wooden, staring, four men emerge, lifting the statue on a palette wading towards the shore, the Madonna aloft on their shoulders. The whole town of Mongibello is in attendance for this An Festival of the Madonna del Mare, either standing in thei fishing boats, or on shore and flanking the Parish Priest altar boys and incense. RIPLEY, DICKIE and MARGE watch fr Dickie's terrace. There are hymns and, as the statue is carried to the shore, the men's heads barely above the wa the congregation applauds at the illusion that the Madonn walking on water. Suddenly ANOTHER HEAD appears on the surface of the water about fifty yards from the statue. There's a scream from among the crowd as someone notices the body. It's SILVANA One of the MEN carrying the statue turns first towards th direction of the scream and then towards the floating cor It's Silvana's fiancee, and in a second he has let go of palette, CAUSING IT TO TOPPLE, and - in absolute grief - wades, swims, splashes towards the body. PANDEMONIUM in the crowd, which breaks up, with other peo splashing, fully clothed, into the water. From the terrac Ripley turns and looks at Dickie, catching his eye. EXT. DICKIE'S TERRACE. LATE DAY. Marge and Ripley and Dickie watch from the terrace as bel them an AMBULANCE takes away the body. It seems as if the whole town looks on - fiancee, parents, brothers, sisters police, priest, etc. As the corpse is loaded into the veh A BRIEF SCUFFLE occurs between Silvana's fiancee and her brother. They are pulled apart. Then the ambulance pulls away.
0) 366) dialog: (sharp)
0) 371) dialog: I don't know why people say this country's civilised. It isn't. It's fucking primitive. And with that HE KICKS OUT VIOLENTLY AT A CHAIR SUPPORTIN THE RECORDPLAYER. Records, machine, chair go flying acros the terrace. Dickie storms inside.
0) 376) text: I know about Silvana, Dickie. About you and Silvana. Dickie stops playing.
0) 377) dialog: What about us? He now has an armful of dishes and glasses and bottles. DICKIE (cont'd) (losing his temper)
0) 378) text: You don't have to clean up! Really! Ripley disappears into the kitchen. DICKIE (cont'd) (as Ripley returns)
0) 381) dialog: What are you talking about?
0) 383) dialog: She came to me for help, she needed money, and I didn't help her. I didn't help her. Now she's dead and it's my fault.
0) 387) dialog: You can't blame him.  You could hardly expect this to go on forever.
0) 389) dialog: I can't, how can I, in all decency? We've had a good run, haven't we?
0) 392) dialog: I don't think so, Tom. You can't stay on here without money.  It's time we all moved on.  Besides I'm sick of Mongi. Especially now with everything - I really want to move to the North. I need to check out San Remo next week, find somewhere new to keep the boat. But it would be great, though, if you came with me.  Our last trip before you leave. There's a jazz festival - we could say goodbye in style.  What do you think? A last trip? INT. TRAIN TO SAN REMO. AFTERNOON. Dickie and Ripley travel up to San Remo. They sit next to each other. Dickie's asleep. Ripley lays his head on Dick shoulder, but as he does that, the ticket inspector annou the San Remo stop, taps on the window and Dickie stirs. T Ripley plays his familiar game of studying his face in th reflection of the train window, so that he can move his h and see his reflection, then back and see Dickie's.  Dick suddenly catches him staring. Ripley looks away.
0) 393) dialog: (terse)
0) 394) text: Why do you do that thing - with your neck? On trains you always do that thing, it's so spooky. EXT. HOTEL TERRACE RESTAURANT, SAN REMO. NIGHT. Dickie and Ripley walk through the terrace of an hotel wh lips out towards the sea. There's a restaurant and palms a JAZZ QUINTET playing, American. Very cool. They pass th band. Dickie's captivated as they head for their table. T pass some girls at a table. Dickie smiles greedily.
0) 395) dialog: This is more like it. Didn't I tell you San Remo was crazy! They're shown to a good table. Dickie watches the band wh their glasses are filled with champagne. Ripley looks hap He's got Dickie all to himself.
0) 397) dialog: To Mongi.  You're cheerful tonight.
0) 399) dialog: That's good.
0) 401) dialog: Ripley's plans.
0) 403) dialog: Did I know you at Princeton, Tom? I didn't, did I?
0) 405) dialog: No reason. Because you're leaving, I guess. I don't think you were there, were you?
0) 407) dialog: I mean it as a compliment. You've got such great taste, I don't know. Most of the thugs at Princeton had tasted everything and had no taste. Used to say, the cream of America: rich and thick. Freddie's the perfect example.
0) 409) dialog: I knew it! I had a bet with Marge!
0) 412) dialog: Do you even like jazz - or was that something for my benefit?
0) 414) text: I've gotten to like it. I've gotten to like everything about the way you live. It's one big love affair. If you knew my life back home in New York... Dickie's distracted by the drummer who's playing an extro solo, doesn't hear the confession of love.
0) 415) dialog: I'm thinking of giving up the sax, what do you think about drums?
0) 417) dialog: So cool. He mimes a high-hat and snare. Ripley can't quite credit - it's superficiality. EXT. MID OCEAN. DAY. The bay of San Remo. DICKIE and RIPLEY have hired a motor boat.
0) 418) dialog: That's how I found my place in Mongi. Took a boat out round the bay.  The first place I liked, I got it. The motor boat is ploughing the waves. Dickie exhilarated the speed.
0) 420) dialog: (ecstatic)
0) 421) text: I love it here! Gonna live here! Dickie takes off his jacket, then drums against the edge the boat, developing a rhythm with his lighter and finger already on the way to becoming Buddy Rich.
0) 423) dialog: So tell me.
0) 425) dialog: (suddenly tight)
0) 428) dialog: Oh God, I don't think so.
0) 430) dialog: Marge and I are getting married.
0) 433) dialog: How?
0) 435) dialog: I love Marge.
0) 437) dialog: (cold)
0) 440) dialog: I'm actually a little relieved you're going, to be honest. I think we've seen enough of each other for a while. Ripley stares at him, his eyes suddenly reptilian.
0) 442) dialog: You can be a leech - you know this - and it's boring. You can be quite boring.
0) 445) dialog: (incredulous)
0) 448) dialog: (attacking him, administering tiny slaps as punctuation to his tirade)
0) 450) text: I can't move without - "Dickie, Dickie, Dickie" - like a little girl.  You give me the -
0) 454) dialog: For God's sake. Ripley, shocked at himself, goes to Dickie, rocking the b catches him up, then is horrified to see Dickie's face, apparently unmarked, SUDDENLY SPLIT OPEN, a line of blood then a peeling like a fruit bursting. Ripley's appalled. terrible roar issues from Dickie as he launches himself a Ripley. DICKIE (cont'd)
0) 455) text: I'll kill you! Ripley finds himself pushing him away, picking up the oar kicking off Dickie's hand around his ankle. The boat is rocking and swerving crazily as Dickie falls against the tiller. Ripley almost loses his balance. His glasses come off. They struggle, locked together in a life or death wrestle to get control of the oar. Dickie's blinded by hi own blood, loses his grip. Ripley, terrified, hits Dickie again and again, the oar l a carpet-beater banging down flat, blood on the blade, bl on Ripley, until he's on his knees, heaving for breath, letting his arm drop, then realizing, disgusted, that he' let it rest in a pool of blood. He starts to sob, sprawls there, sobbing, next to Dickie, horrified by what he's do Nobody's in sight.  The boat rocks, gently, the sun spark indifferently on the waves.  Ripley lies by Dickie in the bottom of the boat, in the embrace he's always wanted. The pretty blue-and-white boat rocks peacefully.  The sea calms. EXT. A COVE NEAR SAN REMO. AFTERNOON. A deserted cove, several miles along the coast. Ripley clambers onto a rock over the shore.  He's watching the b slowly sinking. Shuddering from the exertion, the cold, h finds Dickie's jacket, puts it on and watches as the boat disappears under the surface. EXT. SAN REMO. DUSK. Ripley walks back towards the hotel, still wearing Dickie jacket, cold and wet, his bag over his shoulder. INT. HOTEL LOBBY. EARLY EVENING. Ripley approaches the front desk.  He's shivering.  He's wearing his glasses.
0) 460) text: No, it's - I'm... EXT. ROAD BETWEEN NAPLES AND MONGIBELLO. DAY. Ripley sits on the bus as it rumbles towards Mongi.  He stares out of the window, full of what he's done. No idea what to do. EXT. MONGIBELLO, FISHERMAN'S WHARF. DAY. The BUS comes into town. Ripley gets out, looks calm, ver together. INT. DICKIE'S LIVING ROOM, MONGIBELLO. DAY. Ripley walks into the living room, slowly approaches Dickie's saxophone which is on its stand on the table.  H can't get close to it, it evokes Dickie too much. INT. DICKIE'S LIVING ROOM. DAY. Ripley has Dickie's Hermes Baby typewriter on the desk an busy writing letters. He has finished a letter to the Greenleafs, now he's at the end of one to Marge. We can r part of it - <i>C/O American Express, Rome 9 November 195 Marge, this is a difficult letter for me to write</i>... produces the Shakespeare and Signature page and COPIES DICKIE'S SIGNATURE at the end of the letter. EXT. MARGE'S GARDEN, MONGIBELLO. DAY. Ripley stands at the entrance to Marge's garden where she working at her book on the outside table, surrounded by references and notes, held down by bricks. He looks at he until she looks at him. She's startled, gasps.
0) 490) text: Pronto? Signor Ripley is not there? I'd like to leave a message. Yes. Please call Dickie - <i>Dickie Greenleaf</i> - at the Grand. INT. RIPLEY'S HOTEL ROOM, GOLDONI. DAY. A tiny, cell of a room, single bed. Ripley on the phone.
0) 496) text: Dickie! Oh my God!  Ciao. EXT. ACROSS PIAZZA NAVONA TO ARCARI'S CAFE. DAY. Ripley and Meredith walk across the Piazza towards the ca
0) 566) text: Okay then, you're crazy. EXT. CAROZZA, ROME. NIGHT. Meredith shivers in the raw night as they cross the Tiber Ripley as Dickie is confessing his heart belongs to Marge
0) 585) text: Dickie? Do you know Dickie?
0) 590) text: Marge, I don't know you, so I have no right, but Dickie loves you.  He's - I think you'll find he's coming home to you.
0) 613) text: Meredith's the American girl I saw last night, I know her, at the Opera, she's been seeing something of Dickie -
0) 617) text: I feel guilty. Marge doesn't understand this, but anytime Dickie does something I feel guilty. INT. APARTMENT, PALAZZA GIOIA. DAY. Ripley is being shown an APARTMENT FOR RENT in the Palazz Gioia by a dry-witted older woman, SIGNORA BUFFI. Ripley explores, relishing the decor.
0) 630) text: Oh hello, where's Dickie? How are you?
0) 687) text: Dickie?
0) 773) text: He's taken over the case because... they're annoyed the previous chap let Dickie...disappear when he was the only, he was the only suspect in Freddie's murder.
0) 796) text: Il signor Ripley ha una fidanzata, il signor Dickie ha una fidanzata e probabilmente il signor Freddie Miles ha molte fidanzate.
0) 802) text: Lei ha ucciso prima Freddie Miles e dopo Dickie Greenleaf! Vero? As Peter translates Verrecchia watches intently.
0) 805) text: No I did not. I did not kill Freddie Miles and then kill Dickie Greenleaf.  Is he accusing me? (Peter clearly doesn't ask)
0) 839) text: Where's Dickie's father?
0) 927) text: Why do you have Dickie's rings? His hand goes to his pocket. HE'S GOING TO HAVE TO DO IT.
0) 970) text: See - in America we're taught to check a fact before it becomes a fact. We're taught to nose around when a girl drowns herself, find out if that girl was pregnant, find out if Dickie had an embarrassment there. Ripley doesn't know where this barrage is going.
0) 976) text: I found these in the basement of Dickie's apartment. They belonged to Freddie's car. Mr Greenleaf has asked me to lose them in the canal this evening. Ripley can't believe what he's hearing. It's like a dream
0) 978) text: Mr Greenleaf also feels there was a silent promise in Dickie's letter to you which he intends to honor. He intends to transfer a good part of Dickie's income from his trust into your name. He doesn't intend to give the Italian police any information about Dickie's past. He's rather hoping you'll feel the same. There is a silence in which this strange compact is agree EXT. EUROPA REGINA MOORING. DAY. Ripley stands with Marge, Mr Greenleaf and MacCarron at t water's edge - MOTOR LAUNCH growling. They shake hands, a then MacCarron and Mr Greenleaf get into the launch. Herb Greenleaf carries the saxophone case.
0) 987) text: I know it was you - I know it was you, Tom. I know it was you. I know you killed Dickie. I know it was you.
0) 1000) text: Dickie, my God!