0) 305) dialog: Ciao bello. (noticing a beautiful woman in an open-topped car)
0) 308) dialog: (mugging)
0) 309) text: Hey, if I'm late, think what her husband's saying! He fills Dickie's glass with wine and drinks it standing FREDDIE (cont'd)
0) 312) dialog: I know.  I was there. (looks back to see Ripley struggling to settle the check)
0) 313) text: Tommy!  It's S.R.O.  Two seater. Standing Room Only.  Chop, chop, Tommy! Ripley, abandoned, goes over. There's no room in the car. has to crouch in the rear. FREDDIE (cont'd)
0) 314) text: You're going to have to sit between us. But don't put your shoes on the seat, know what I mean, put them one on top of the other.  Okay? INT. A JAZZ RECORD STORE. LATE AFTERNOON. This record store is hidden away down a cobbled alley, an stuffed with the trendiest Romans, all of whom rifle the stacks under a fog of cigarette smoke.  There are two LISTENING BOOTHS, one of which has Freddie and Dickie cra into it, sharing a set of headphones.  Ripley stands outs the booth, holding both of their jackets like a manservan while inside and behind the glass doors they chat animate He looks longingly at the street, where the light is fadi Dickie catches his hangdog expression and pushes open the accordion doors.
0) 320) dialog: (from inside the booth)
0) 337) text: Is Freddie here?
0) 341) dialog: I want this job of yours, Tommy. I was just saying - You live in Italy, sleep in Dickie's house, eat Dickie's food, wear his clothes, and his father picks up the tab. If you get bored, let me know, I'll do it! EXT. THE OCEAN, ABOARD THE BIRD. DAY. The boat is drifting.  Freddie and Dickie and Marge are swimming, then Marge climbs back onto the boat, where Rip is sitting alone, reading.
0) 355) text: Freddie says there aren't enough rooms. EXT. OCEAN, ABOARD THE BIRD. DUSK. LATER and now the boat is sailing again. Ripley is sittin his spot. Dickie and Freddie are at the tiller.
0) 357) dialog: I don't think so. Come back with me to Rome. There's this great new club.  Have some drinks, lotta ladies... Marge, still in her bikini, disappears into the cabin. Di makes a face at Freddie.
0) 359) dialog: Sure.
0) 361) dialog: What are you doing?
0) 363) dialog: Aye, aye. Dickie heads towards the cabin. Freddie takes over the tiller. There's a breeze and the sailboat cuts through th water. From where Ripley sits he can see Capri in the distance, he can also look down into the cabin, its porthole offeri him a restricted view.  He looks down and there's a flash flesh, then nothing.  Then as the boat swings with the wa he glimpses the bikini top flung over a chair, and then Marge's bare foot kicking out rhythmically, the red-paint toes straining.  Ripley's mesmerized, aroused, and absolu betrayed. FREDDIE (cont'd)
0) 364) text: Tommy - How's the peeping? Come on Tommy, you were looking.  Tommy Tommy Tommy. Shamed, Ripley looks away. He stares at the water, partin before the boat, its turmoil reflecting his. EXT. DICKIE'S MOORING. DAY. The Bird returns to the mooring by Dickie's House.  Dicki ever Captain of the Ship, clambering around, shouting instructions, with Ripley, Marge and Freddie as crew.  Ri looks back at shore. Silvana stands watching, staring. Dickie notices her too. EXT. MONGIBELLO SLIPWAY. LATE DAY. A WOMAN'S HEAD suddenly breaks the surface of the water. It's a statue of the Virgin Mary, life size, adorned with flowers and a lace veil.  As she is revealed, wooden, staring, four men emerge, lifting the statue on a palette wading towards the shore, the Madonna aloft on their shoulders. The whole town of Mongibello is in attendance for this An Festival of the Madonna del Mare, either standing in thei fishing boats, or on shore and flanking the Parish Priest altar boys and incense. RIPLEY, DICKIE and MARGE watch fr Dickie's terrace. There are hymns and, as the statue is carried to the shore, the men's heads barely above the wa the congregation applauds at the illusion that the Madonn walking on water. Suddenly ANOTHER HEAD appears on the surface of the water about fifty yards from the statue. There's a scream from among the crowd as someone notices the body. It's SILVANA One of the MEN carrying the statue turns first towards th direction of the scream and then towards the floating cor It's Silvana's fiancee, and in a second he has let go of palette, CAUSING IT TO TOPPLE, and - in absolute grief - wades, swims, splashes towards the body. PANDEMONIUM in the crowd, which breaks up, with other peo splashing, fully clothed, into the water. From the terrac Ripley turns and looks at Dickie, catching his eye. EXT. DICKIE'S TERRACE. LATE DAY. Marge and Ripley and Dickie watch from the terrace as bel them an AMBULANCE takes away the body. It seems as if the whole town looks on - fiancee, parents, brothers, sisters police, priest, etc. As the corpse is loaded into the veh A BRIEF SCUFFLE occurs between Silvana's fiancee and her brother. They are pulled apart. Then the ambulance pulls away.
0) 504) text: Is Freddie in Rome?
0) 624) dialog: Dickie?
0) 626) dialog: It's Freddie. Let me in. RIPLEY ALMOST COLLAPSES. He's faint.
0) 627) dialog: Dickie, come on, it's me. Ripley can't think what to hide, where to hide. He opens door.
0) 629) dialog: (confused, not pleasantly)
0) 632) dialog: I don't think he's at dinner at 6.30pm. If you said he was still at lunch I'd believe you. Incredible. The guy has disappeared off the face of the earth.
0) 634) dialog: The landlady - as far as I could tell, the landlady said he was here right now.
0) 636) dialog: Because he's been hiding from me - what happened at Christmas?
0) 638) dialog: He was supposed to come skiing. I didn't get a cable or a call or a note or, frankly, a fart. Ripley has his hands behind his back. HE'S TUGGING FRANTICALLY AT DICKIE'S RINGS. Ripley wanders into the kitchen, turns on the tap to sluice his fingers.
0) 640) dialog: Which is horseshit.  Have you heard him play that thing? (gesturing at the sax on its stand)
0) 644) dialog: No thanks. (explaining his detective work)
0) 649) dialog: Did this place come furnished? It doesn't look like Dickie. Horrible isn't it? - so bourgeois. Now he's poking at the Hadrian bust.
0) 651) dialog: In fact the only thing which looks like Dickie is you.
0) 653) dialog: Have you done something to your hair? Ripley starts to smile, his eyes darting around the room.
0) 655) dialog: What? I think I'm saying it. Something's going on. He's either converted to Christianity - or to something else.
0) 657) dialog: Is it on <i>"delle Croce, just off the Corso"</i>? You're a quick study, aren't you? Last time you didn't know your ass from your elbow, now you're giving me directions. That's not fair, you probably do know your ass from your elbow. I'll see you. AND HE'S GONE. Ripley shuts the door, smooths the silk ru on the table where Freddie's hand had rucked it. He goes to the door, opens it and looks over the rail. INT. LANDING AND STAIRS, RIPLEY'S BUILDING. LATE DAY. FREDDIE IS BACK IN CONVERSATION WITH SIGNORA BUFFI. Riple can't make out the text but there's some discussion about <i>Signor Greenleaf</i> and <i>Signor Ripley</i>. Ripley Freddie's heavy shoes start to clump up the stairs again. INT. RIPLEY'S APARTMENT, ROME. LATE DAY. Freddie knocks on the door which pushes open. As he march in, he launches into his interrogation.
0) 658) dialog: Ripley? There's someth -
0) 696) text: No, well go if you want to, but don't talk to the Police about my face - they find out he hit me - he's got a temper - he could've hit Freddie. (sincerely)
0) 697) text: Good luck, Marge. I'll catch up with you later. And he drives off. At the first opportunity HE DOUBLES BA and roars towards the Palazzo. EXT. SQUARE OF THE PALAZZO GIOIA. AFTERNOON. Ripley drives towards the entrance.  As Ripley gets off a pushes his scooter through the doorway SOME JOURNALISTS, LOITERING INSIDE A BARBER'S SHOP come running out and swa around him with questions about Freddie. One of them gets a photograph.  It's chaos, a Police Officer shouts him aw as Ripley puts up a protective hand and runs inside. INT. ENTRANCE AND STAIRS, PALAZZO GIOIA. CONTINUOUS. As Ripley hurries inside he encounters officers conductin more thorough forensic investigations in the stairwell. O landing is Roverini. Ripley hurries towards him.
0) 773) text: He's taken over the case because... they're annoyed the previous chap let Dickie...disappear when he was the only, he was the only suspect in Freddie's murder.
0) 796) text: Il signor Ripley ha una fidanzata, il signor Dickie ha una fidanzata e probabilmente il signor Freddie Miles ha molte fidanzate.
0) 802) text: Lei ha ucciso prima Freddie Miles e dopo Dickie Greenleaf! Vero? As Peter translates Verrecchia watches intently.
0) 805) text: No I did not. I did not kill Freddie Miles and then kill Dickie Greenleaf.  Is he accusing me? (Peter clearly doesn't ask)
0) 925) text: Today, for the first time, I've even wondered whether he might have killed Freddie. He would get so crazy if anybody contradicted him - well, you know that. Marge. I loved you - you might as well know - I loved you, and because he knew I loved you, he let you think I loved him. Didn't you see, couldn't you see? I don't know, maybe it's grotesque to say this now, so just write it on a piece of paper or something, and keep it in your purse for a rainy day. <i>Tom loves me.</i>
0) 976) text: I found these in the basement of Dickie's apartment. They belonged to Freddie's car. Mr Greenleaf has asked me to lose them in the canal this evening. Ripley can't believe what he's hearing. It's like a dream