0) 3) dialog: Most enjoyable. Herbert Greenleaf.
0) 5) dialog: (pointing at Ripley's borrowed jacket)
0) 8) dialog: Yes.
0) 16) dialog: Of course, Dickie's idea of music is Jazz. He has a saxophone.  To my ear Jazz is just noise, just an insolent noise. EXT. CENTRAL PARK WEST. EARLY EVENING. Ripley shakes hands with Herbert Greenleaf as he gets int his Rolls Royce. They are making an appointment. Ripley crosses the street to Fran, pecks her cheek. She hands hi his share of their fee.
0) 21) dialog: Yes.  An exceptional young man. From another vantage point Ripley hurries on as Fran gets into her boyfriend's car. A piano quartet starts up. EXT. THEATER. EVENING. Ripley runs past the droves of arriving concert-goers and heads for the theater. Music continues. INT. MEN'S ROOM, THEATER. NIGHT. The interval: A thick mass of men in tuxedoes grooming themselves at the basins. Ripley turns on faucets, offers towels, brushes off dandruff. Men talk over, round, and through him.  Put coins in a bowl.
0) 24) dialog: Mongibello. Tiny place. South of Naples. Marge, his uh, the young lade is supposedly writing some kind of book. God knows what he does. By all accounts they spend the whole time on the beach. Or his sailboat. That's my son's talent, spending his allowance. Ripley, in his green corduroy jacket the very model of a sober young man, listens attentively. HERBERT GREENLEAF (cont'd)
0) 28) dialog: Good. Now you can go for a reason. INT. RIPLEY'S APARTMENT, NEW YORK. DAY. A vinyl RECORD revolves in close up.  An exuberant and mysterious VOICE is scat singing. Wild. Then the sound sl into a raucous big band jazz number:  Dizzy Gillespie's < Champ</i>. A HAND ejects the record. When the camera find man's face it is BLINDFOLDED. He's hot. He's wearing an undershirt. He's trying to identify the recording.
0) 42) text: You're gonna have a great trip.  Mr Greenleaf is personal friends with the Cunard people. INT. HERBERT GREENLEAF'S CAR. DAY. Ripley luxuriates in the back of the Greenleaf limousine. opens up an envelope he's carrying with Greenleaf station Inside a First Class Cunard Ticket, some traveler's check and dollars.
0) 291) text: And this one, I think, is your dad... INT. TRAIN TO ROME. DAY. Ripley sits reading the LETTER from Herbert Greenleaf.  H frowns, stops reading, looks out of the window.
0) 524) text: I was sure we'd met, weren't you, Ted? This is Herbert Greenleaf's boy.
0) 861) dialog: Tom. How are you?  You look well.
0) 863) dialog: Far cry from New York.
0) 865) dialog: Marge, good morning.  Unusual weather.
0) 868) dialog: Pretty good.  Sticking with hot water.
0) 870) dialog: San Remo. The police are amateurs. Well, my boy, it's come to a pretty pass, hasn't it?
0) 872) dialog: He's being thorough, that's all. I'm learning about my son, Tom, now he's missing. I'm learning a great deal about him. I hope you can fill in some more blanks for me. Marge has been good enough to do that, about Mongibello.
0) 874) dialog: This theory, the letter he left for you, the Police think that's a clear indication he was planning on doing something...to himself.
0) 876) dialog: You don't want to, dear. I'd like to talk to Tom alone - perhaps this afternoon? Would you mind? Marge, what a man may say to his sweetheart and what he'll admit to another fellow -
0) 878) dialog: What a waste of lives and opportunities and - A saxophonist is blaring away in the piazza. Greenleaf suddenly explodes.
0) 879) dialog: (cont'd)
0) 880) text: - I'd pay that fellow a hundred dollars right now to shut up! INT. RIPLEY'S HOUSE. AFTERNOON. Herbert Greenleaf sits on a chair, Ripley pours him some
0) 881) dialog: (reading, plunging into gloom)
0) 884) dialog: And his passport photo? Did you hear? To scratch out your own face like that - can you imagine - the frame of mind you'd have to be in? (reading)
0) 887) dialog: (such a disappointed father)
0) 947) dialog: 
0) 949) dialog: Tom.
0) 952) dialog: Marge has been telling us about the rings.
0) 954) dialog: Perhaps you didn't mention them because there's only one conclusion to be drawn. Ripley worries about what that conclusion is as Mr Greenl heads into his bedroom.
0) 955) dialog: (cont'd)
0) 959) dialog: No, he should talk to you alone. He helps Marge to her feet and leads her out. RIPLEY IS PARALYSED. He waits for the door to shut. Aimlessly he wa out onto the terrace, with its staggering, beautiful and indifferent view. EXT. EUROPA REGINA, THE GREENLEAF TERRACE. DAY. Ripley stands, steels himself for MacCarron's charges.