0) 97) dialog: Ah, today you're looking for me.  And where have you been the rest of the week? Pig.  With your American girl?  I hate you, you know?
0) 99) dialog: I hate you. And RIPLEY watches them as they rattle down the hill towa the sea. EXT. MARGE'S HOUSE. AFTERNOON. Dickie appears in Marge's garden, the sea behind his head Marge is sitting at her outside table surrounded by some the remnants of lunch.  Dickie's sheepish, showered, late
0) 243) text: <i>Buono Sera, Silvana. Por favore: arance e pane, e del prosciutto.</i>
0) 244) dialog: <i>E fichi?  Come sempre?</i>
0) 249) dialog: Did you get my message?  I want to talk to you.
0) 364) text: Tommy - How's the peeping? Come on Tommy, you were looking.  Tommy Tommy Tommy. Shamed, Ripley looks away. He stares at the water, partin before the boat, its turmoil reflecting his. EXT. DICKIE'S MOORING. DAY. The Bird returns to the mooring by Dickie's House.  Dicki ever Captain of the Ship, clambering around, shouting instructions, with Ripley, Marge and Freddie as crew.  Ri looks back at shore. Silvana stands watching, staring. Dickie notices her too. EXT. MONGIBELLO SLIPWAY. LATE DAY. A WOMAN'S HEAD suddenly breaks the surface of the water. It's a statue of the Virgin Mary, life size, adorned with flowers and a lace veil.  As she is revealed, wooden, staring, four men emerge, lifting the statue on a palette wading towards the shore, the Madonna aloft on their shoulders. The whole town of Mongibello is in attendance for this An Festival of the Madonna del Mare, either standing in thei fishing boats, or on shore and flanking the Parish Priest altar boys and incense. RIPLEY, DICKIE and MARGE watch fr Dickie's terrace. There are hymns and, as the statue is carried to the shore, the men's heads barely above the wa the congregation applauds at the illusion that the Madonn walking on water. Suddenly ANOTHER HEAD appears on the surface of the water about fifty yards from the statue. There's a scream from among the crowd as someone notices the body. It's SILVANA One of the MEN carrying the statue turns first towards th direction of the scream and then towards the floating cor It's Silvana's fiancee, and in a second he has let go of palette, CAUSING IT TO TOPPLE, and - in absolute grief - wades, swims, splashes towards the body. PANDEMONIUM in the crowd, which breaks up, with other peo splashing, fully clothed, into the water. From the terrac Ripley turns and looks at Dickie, catching his eye. EXT. DICKIE'S TERRACE. LATE DAY. Marge and Ripley and Dickie watch from the terrace as bel them an AMBULANCE takes away the body. It seems as if the whole town looks on - fiancee, parents, brothers, sisters police, priest, etc. As the corpse is loaded into the veh A BRIEF SCUFFLE occurs between Silvana's fiancee and her brother. They are pulled apart. Then the ambulance pulls away.
0) 376) text: I know about Silvana, Dickie. About you and Silvana. Dickie stops playing.