4) 0) text: The hand that held up the eye now rifles through a box of records: Shangri-las, 13th Floor Elevators, Gladiators. A poster on the wall reads TERRI HOOLEY BELFAST’S NO.1 DJ. Next to it a WAR IS OVER poster (‘Love John and Yoko’), another for the Rolling Stones gig at the Ulster Hall, 19 an outlaws gallery: Hank Williams, Bob Marley, Johnny Cas TERRI downs a brandy, lights a cigarette lit, takes a record from its sleeve: ‘Soul Rebel’ by The Wailers. He places it on the turntable, closes his eyes and starts to sing along.
6) 0) text: TERRI and RUTH are surrounded by the very FRIENDS Terri i invoking: swaying to music, laughing, animated. In the middle of the floor three men clink shorts glasses: MARTY less heavy (and wearing a CND badge); NED, and ANDY, with Zapata moustache.
16) 0) text: TERRI, RUTH’s dressing gown over his bare torso, is throwing brandy into him, pacing the floor. Terror has given way to anger. RUTH is trying to get him to sit down
26) 0) text: TERRI enters, the very incarnation of Johnny Guitar Watson’s ‘Gangster of Love’, a box under each arm. MARTY is there with a group of REPUBLICAN PARAMILITARIES (the FRIENDS from the 1968 Harp Bar), among them NED, bruising still around his eye. They watch TERRI stop before their table. He looks over h shoulder. ANDY enters with other LOYALIST PARAMILITARIES (more of the FRIENDS). The REPUBLICAN PARAMILITARIES instinctively rise from their seats hands going towards their jackets.
28) 0) text: TERRI stands at the door, smoking. ANDY comes to stand beside him.
28) 1) dialog: That was some performance you put on there. 33 20.
28) 3) dialog: See those ones in there, though? They’re not the ones you have to worry about. Even the crazies remember the times before this all started. It’s the ones coming up behind them you’re going to have to watch out for. He nods across the street to where a couple of young skinheads wait: MUTT and HATCHET (who has a distinctive spiderweb tattoo on his neck).
28) 4) dialog: It’ll take more than a few LPs to buy them off.
29) 0) text: A life-sized hardboard Elvis comes out the door. TERRI is behind, carrying it. He sets it on the footpath. The word Good Vibrations are painted in red below Elvis’s knees. H left index finger points the way back up the stairs. There is a lame pop. Cheers. The BOD from the Wholefood shop dispenses Elderflower Champagne to DAVE, MARILYN, RUTH, and TERRI. (TERRI slips flask from his pocket and tops up his own ‘champagne’ wit brandy.) A little sea of celebration in the middle of Bom Alley’s wrecked shop fronts and steel shutters A guy with wild hair and greying beard comes down the street: PUGWASH. He stops and looks.
112) 0) text: TERRI has the phone wedged against his shoulder, ripping open an envelope as he talks. There’s a glass of brandy beside him. The music fades.