3) 0) text: Deserted, but for TERRI, walking. He stops at length befo a metal cage protecting the front of a bar: the Harp. 6. A security camera tracks his approach. TERRI takes out hi glass eye and thrusts it up to the lens. A buzzer sounds.
14) 0) text: TERRI walks away from Sorting Office opening a package: records. He walks on past boarded-up shops. A car appears on the far side of the street, traveling in the opposite direction. 19 20 14. TERRI pulls his chin down into his collar as it passes hi The sound of the car fades into the distance, leaving onl TERRI’s footsteps. Another car appears, moving slower, faces at the windows. TERRI retreats further into his collar. When the car has travelled a few yards beyond him it does a U-turn and before TERRI has time to run pulls up at the kerbside. A THUG jumps out. He pulls TERRI’s coat over his head and drags him towards the car. TERRI resists. At one stage his head is inside the car. He and the drive redheaded NED, are eye to eye.
30) 0) text: Night is falling. The street is deserted, the buildings i darkness. There is only one figure in the street: Elvis. There is only one light on: Good Vibrations’s.
34) 3) dialog: For the people of Belfast the nightmare continues. TERRI and RUTH walk through his shot without interrupting their conversation.
42) 0) text: BRIAN and TERRI enter. Two men are in conversation at a mixing desk, one - in a multi-coloured suede patchwork co - standing (DAVY SMYTH) the other - lank hair, cheeseclot shirt - sitting (DAVY SHANNON)
44) 0) text: TERRI stands behind DAVY SMYTH at the desk, watching RUDI 49 50 51 52 DAVY points at the clock. Three minutes past the hour. TERRI slips him another twenty quid.
79) 0) text: TERRI strides along; FEARGAL keeps up the pace, and chat.
80) 0) text: The UNDERTONES sing the opening lines of ‘True Confession a band transformed. DAVY SHANNON is hunched over the mixing desk in the contr room. TERRI comes in. He unloads beer, crisps, rolls, fro carrier bags. FEARGAL stops abruptly, takes off the headphones. DAVY SHANNON fades up his voice.
90) 14) dialog: Terri? The moaning stops. 100 56.
90) 15) dialog: Terri Hooley? TERRI looks up, gets up, as though he had simply been retrieving something from his bag.
90) 16) dialog: I can’t believe it. TERRI clearly hasn’t the first idea who DES is.
90) 19) dialog: I was doing a story in Belfast at New Year and wandered into his record shop. He had a 13th Floor Elevators album...
90) 21) dialog: I’d searched all over London for it. (to TERRI) What are you doing here? TERRI’s face brightens.
112) 0) text: TERRI has the phone wedged against his shoulder, ripping open an envelope as he talks. There’s a glass of brandy beside him. The music fades.
139) 0) text: A car boot is opened to reveal a mini arsenal of guns and grenades. 60s TERRI looks up from it in horror and turns to a now crop-haired, denim-clad JOHN LENNON.