1) 5) text: TERRI wears a Kodak overall. Sitting on a work bench, kne up, smoking a joint is his mate ERIC - more sixth Stone than fifth Beatle, more Sticky Finger than Satisfaction. There are photos pegged up to dry. There are also flyers (clearly home-made): Terri Hooley, Tonight at 8... Max Romeo’s ‘War ina Babylon’ plays on a portable turntable. TERRI sings along as he pegs up another flyer.
1) 7) dialog: Sssh.
1) 9) dialog: Do you hear something? The ‘something’ is an alarm going off, but it barely registers before TERRI starts singing again.
2) 0) text: SOLDIERS herd OTHER WORKERS behind a cordon where news cameras lurk. TERRI and ERIC saunter out
2) 2) dialog: You know me, I’ll go anywhere where there are people, ergo....
2) 4) dialog: Here, just to cheer you up. He passes TERRI a bag of grass.
2) 6) dialog: (brushing it off) Mates rates. TERRI spies TWO WOMEN IN KODAK OVERALLS; ERIC spies a YOU BRITISH SOLDIER standing a little apart from the others
2) 7) dialog: Catch you later. They go off in opposite directions, TERRI to the women.
12) 1) dialog: Listen, I came to tell you, I’m clearing off to London for a while.
12) 3) dialog: I got lifted the other night. The scene behind ERIC darkens. He isn’t standing on the doorstep any more, but on a stool, naked and shivering, h hands covering his groin. HOODED MEN stand around him. ERIC, however, continues to talk as though to TERRI.
12) 4) dialog: A couple of our old anti-war pals were there.
12) 6) dialog: The other crowd. ANDY whips off his mask with one hand, to reveal a leaner infinitely meaner-looking version of his 60s self; with t other hand he brandishes a pair of sheep shears.
12) 7) dialog: Except of course they’re all a bit more pro-war these days. The other HOODED MEN hold shears too now. They advance on ERIC. TERRI winces as the shears flash and snap. One by one the HOODED MEN step back; ANDY is last to go. ERIC is on the doorstep once more. His hand shakes as he takes off the hat. His hair has bee savaged.
12) 9) dialog: Told me I was lucky it wasn't a bullet.
12) 11) dialog: It’s not the drugs. It’s me, it’s you - they try to pass themselves off as the school rebels, we show them up as the prefects. He puts the hat back on so that RUTH coming downstairs doesn’t see his hair. He smiles at her, then at TERRI.
12) 12) dialog: (in an undertone) They want us off the streets. TERRI watches him go.
85) 0) text: TERRI knocks at a glossily painted townhouse door. Which opened, at length, by ERIC, still the Sixth Stone, only n more Miss You than Main Street. He grins. INT. ERIC’S PAD - DAY 91 A huge, white, mirrored palace.
85) 2) dialog: I know. Amazing where charm, know- how and labyrinthine narcotics connections can get a young man these days... TERRI has stopped to look at the signed photos on the wal Sly Stone, Keith Moon, the James Last Orchestra. 92 93 52.
85) 4) dialog: That's like asking a vet if he’s stuck his hand up a cow’s arse. He has produced a bag of white powder.
85) 5) dialog: Something to help you on your way?
85) 7) dialog: You'll fuck up if you’re too tense. You have to go in there like you mean it.