0) 5) text: Do you think is he going to lose it? There are looming faces - DOCTOR, Terri’s parents MAVIS a GEORGE - a disorienting rush of lights - suggestive of ey tests, but merging with other lights - city lights, searchlights. There are eye charts, which merge with 60s protest placards - US out of Vietnam - Ban the Bomb - wit magazine covers: Ego, OZ MAVIS (CONT’D) Is he going to lose it? The charts, placards, magazines merge with newspaper headlines charting the start of the Northern Irish Troubles, a barrage of surreal images from the 50s to the 70s darker as the headlines change: from agricultural sho to sheep fleeing a bomb blast, from schoolkids dancing at fete to a line of monks being frisked by British soldiers MAVIS (0.S.) (CONT’D) (growing frantic) Is he going to be blinded? Image and sound reach a crescendo.
0) 6) dialog: (consoling) He’s just going to see things a little bit differently.
1) 0) text: An explosion fills the TV screen. TERRI, now in his 20s, rubs his eye. There is, throughout an open, almost child-like quality to his expression totally at odds with some of what he does, and says. Beside him sit MAVIS and GEORGE, a man whose bearing, as much as his waistcoat and collarless shirt, marks him as out of his time.
1) 3) dialog: And they call this a revolution? A poster is on the wall VOTE HOOLEY STILL A GENUINE
31) 10) dialog: Don’t let the name fool you. Good Vibrations? Naked capitalism is what it is!
51) 0) text: TERRI, RUTH, MAVIS and GEORGE are having dinner. Throughout, MAVIS attempts to keep up a hostess’s (and mother-in-law’s) politeness. A VOTE HOOLEY poster is clearly visible in the background
51) 8) dialog: (to TERRI) So you’re a shop owner and a record company boss now too, are you?
51) 11) dialog: (to TERRI) This is the same lad used to march around town with me shouting... CHILD TERRI appears on GEORGE’s shoulders, a big eye patc an even bigger placard.
51) 15) dialog: (to TERRI) And? 36.
51) 17) dialog: Of course you are. It’s the most rotten industry there is: bribes, payola, cartels. Get involved in that you’ll either end up a crook or you’ll go broke.
51) 21) dialog: (as one) What?
51) 24) dialog: Aw, don’t talk to him. He’s an impresario. The Lew Grade of Great Victoria Street. TERRI’s had enough.
52) 0) text: RUTH and TERRI wave to GEORGE and MAVIS.
83) 2) dialog: I heard what was going on here tonight. TERRI looks pleased.
83) 3) dialog: Exploiting these kids. (hands TERRI a cassette) Play that for them. Loud. TERRI turns his back to put it on, loud as instructed. It ‘The Internationale’: ‘Stand up you victims of oppression for the tyrants fear your might’ etc. GEORGE meanwhile is taking in the scene, the camaraderie. For a moment it looks as though he might be about to smil TERRI turns back, catches his eye. GEORGE sets his jaw again, reverting to type. TERRI goes back to turntable, turns the record even louder.
153) 0) text: The back garden: small but ingeniously planted for maximu yield and colour. GEORGE straightens from a flowerbed as TERRI approaches. They sit on a small bench.
153) 2) dialog: That’s what all the dirty work in winter’s for. TERRI looks down at the mug. He’s almost forgotten he was holding it.
153) 4) dialog: Did your mother send you out with that? 172 88.
153) 6) dialog: She has very strong views on marriage. She wouldn’t have stayed with me all these years otherwise. They sit on a small bench.
153) 7) dialog: Remember that dig you had at me about all those elections
153) 9) dialog: It wasn’t ten, it was twelve. The returning officer used to say if I was a horse they’d have shot me after the sixth. But do you know what? I have friends and comrades living all over his city. And do you know what else? In every election I increased my vote. TERRI’s gaze is locked on his father’s face. He looks as though he might hug GEORGE, but GEORGE, unaware of this ( perhaps not so) chooses this moment to empty his tea leav on to the flowerbed.
153) 10) dialog: Victory doesn’t always look the way other people imagine it.