38) 0) text: There are people all right. Young people. PUNKS. It’s another city, another world entirely. The journey from the door to the bar is a crash course in teen vice, 1978 vintage: gropings, playful headbuttings, surreptitious glue-sniffing. TERRI and DAVE squeeze in at the bar. DAVE takes out a pound note, conspicuous amid the PUNKS counting out their coins so of course the BARMAN makes straight for him. The PUNKS glare. TERRI turns to look into the room. On a stage lit by a single fluorescent bulb, four crop- haired teenagers are wrenching out a song (basic even for punk) from their instruments. These are the OUTCASTS. Lead singer GREG COWAN exercises his snarl. Guitarist GETTY, shirt off, concentrates so hard on his guitar, he doesn’t notice the girls concentrating on him. Suddenly a number of RUC MEN come in and start nabbing anyone who looks underage (and plenty do), taking names, asking for pockets to be turned out. 26. TERRI pushes his way through the crowd and buttonholes an RUC MAN, writing down the name of a pink-haired PUNK GIRL
39) 20) dialog: Here, will you record us too?
53) 0) text: GREG and GETTY load equipment into a dilapidated white va Rudi’s BRIAN arrives carrying a guitar case, as GETTY staggers out of the shop with an amp.
53) 2) dialog: Ha fucking ha.
53) 10) dialog: Uncle Terri, come on! Laughter. TERRI goes to get into the van. Stops.
53) 12) dialog: We’re your fucking stars, you can’t ask us to drive. GETTY coming from the shop takes the keys out of TERRI’s hand without a word.
55) 1) dialog: Where the fuck are we?
63) 12) dialog: East - West - South - North. They look down the line at one another as it registers.
134) 17) dialog: Couldn’t get the champagne, Terri, but if you shake this it’ll pop to fuck. He starts to shake it. FANGS meanwhile collects glasses from the lockers of neighbouring beds. The NURSE from nig before reappears, angrier than ever.
134) 27) dialog: Terri! Terri! The NURSE returns.
161) 0) text: RUDI leave the stage, elated. GREG waits to go on.
161) 1) dialog: Cheers for warming them up. RONNIE scowls. The hall is so full now there are PUNKS on stage. There a RUC MEN too in the shadows at the very back.
161) 4) dialog: Right, this one’s for everybody's favourite people in the world. Rudi’s already give you a song about them. This one’s called ‘The Bastards are Coming’. They launch into ‘The Cops are Coming’ and JOHN PEEL is right, they do sound finally like the best band in Belfas PUNKS on stage bait the RUC who do nothing; nothing at al
163) 0) text: The OUTCASTS are finishing ‘Self-Conscious Over You’. GETTY’s shirt is off; GREG’s grin is broader than ever.
163) 1) dialog: And now I'd like to welcome on stage the man who made all this possible... TERRI’s name is lost in the roar as he walks out from the wings ‘OUTCASTS’ across the back of his leather jacket. FANGS grabs the mike from GREG.