0) 5) text: Do you think is he going to lose it? There are looming faces - DOCTOR, Terri’s parents MAVIS a GEORGE - a disorienting rush of lights - suggestive of ey tests, but merging with other lights - city lights, searchlights. There are eye charts, which merge with 60s protest placards - US out of Vietnam - Ban the Bomb - wit magazine covers: Ego, OZ MAVIS (CONT’D) Is he going to lose it? The charts, placards, magazines merge with newspaper headlines charting the start of the Northern Irish Troubles, a barrage of surreal images from the 50s to the 70s darker as the headlines change: from agricultural sho to sheep fleeing a bomb blast, from schoolkids dancing at fete to a line of monks being frisked by British soldiers MAVIS (0.S.) (CONT’D) (growing frantic) Is he going to be blinded? Image and sound reach a crescendo.
1) 0) text: An explosion fills the TV screen. TERRI, now in his 20s, rubs his eye. There is, throughout an open, almost child-like quality to his expression totally at odds with some of what he does, and says. Beside him sit MAVIS and GEORGE, a man whose bearing, as much as his waistcoat and collarless shirt, marks him as out of his time.
1) 2) dialog: Mind you your language.
50) 0) text: MAVIS opens the door. TERRI and RUTH on doorstep.
51) 0) text: TERRI, RUTH, MAVIS and GEORGE are having dinner. Throughout, MAVIS attempts to keep up a hostess’s (and mother-in-law’s) politeness. A VOTE HOOLEY poster is clearly visible in the background
51) 2) dialog: Please.
51) 5) dialog: They’re George’s own. You should get him to take you round the garden after dinner. (MORE )
51) 7) dialog: You wouldn’t think it, all the size of it, but he could feed half the street out of it. And many’s the time he has. Haven't you, George? GEORGE grunts in reply. He has been biding his time.
51) 9) dialog: (to RUTH) And how’s your job going?
51) 19) dialog: (to RUTH) It’s the parents need the talking to, not the kids. Kids will only do what they’re let get away with.
51) 21) dialog: (as one) What?
51) 23) dialog: Are you sure it’s wise, driving around this country in a van at night? Those poor fellas who were murdered... GEORGE buts in.
51) 26) dialog: More gravy anyone.
52) 0) text: RUTH and TERRI wave to GEORGE and MAVIS.
151) 13) dialog: Open your eye.
152) 1) dialog: Open your eye. Black, a moment more. MAVIS (0.S.) (CONT’D) Very funny. The other one. TERRI opens his seeing eye. MAVIS stands before him, a bottle of surgical spirit and a wad of cotton wool in her hand. TERRI is seated at the table, on the mend, but still battered-looking.
152) 2) dialog: That must have been some door? What was it, a car ferry? MAVIS ministers to a few more of his bruises and abrasion MAVIS (CONT’D) I don’t suppose there’s any point me mentioning the police.
152) 4) dialog: I never knew a wee boy as bad at keeping his head out of harm’s way. People used to tell me I was lucky, girls were the hard ones to raise. You caused me more anxiety growing up than a whole hockey team.
152) 6) dialog: You’re a married man. (beat) Supposed to be. Suddenly irritated she goes to the window. She raps the glass. Hard. MAVIS (CONT’D) Where is that man? I told him ten minutes ago his tea was ready. It’ll be stone cold. TERRI gets up takes the cup from the countertop.