4) 2) dialog: (handing TERRI £5) Here.
4) 4) dialog: Ten for the whole night. That’s you finished, I’m pulling the plug. In fact you needn’t bother coming back.
4) 6) dialog: Why? Look around you. It’s finished. No one wants to come out any more.
6) 0) text: TERRI and RUTH are surrounded by the very FRIENDS Terri i invoking: swaying to music, laughing, animated. In the middle of the floor three men clink shorts glasses: MARTY less heavy (and wearing a CND badge); NED, and ANDY, with Zapata moustache.
7) 0) text: 10 Back to the 70s. The room is empty again save for TERRI a RUTH, the PAT and the OLD BOY.
29) 0) text: A life-sized hardboard Elvis comes out the door. TERRI is behind, carrying it. He sets it on the footpath. The word Good Vibrations are painted in red below Elvis’s knees. H left index finger points the way back up the stairs. There is a lame pop. Cheers. The BOD from the Wholefood shop dispenses Elderflower Champagne to DAVE, MARILYN, RUTH, and TERRI. (TERRI slips flask from his pocket and tops up his own ‘champagne’ wit brandy.) A little sea of celebration in the middle of Bom Alley’s wrecked shop fronts and steel shutters A guy with wild hair and greying beard comes down the street: PUGWASH. He stops and looks.
42) 0) text: BRIAN and TERRI enter. Two men are in conversation at a mixing desk, one - in a multi-coloured suede patchwork co - standing (DAVY SMYTH) the other - lank hair, cheeseclot shirt - sitting (DAVY SHANNON)
49) 0) text: A few OLD WANKERS dotted around watching a stripper on a stage. XXX film projected on the wall behind her. TERRI, RUTH, and PAT walk in from the back.
49) 1) dialog: What - them squirrely-looking bastards you see glue-sniffing in Corn Market? (lowering his voice) And doesn’t ‘punk’ mean ‘fruit’? I wouldn’t want any of that sort of carry-on. He leans forward to pick up an empty glass and some of th XXX carry-on is briefly projected on to his face.
49) 2) dialog: I thought they all hung out in the Pound anyway.
49) 8) dialog: A good night? I can’t remember the last time we had one of them.
111) 0) text: The solo continues On one side of the glass RUDI look exhausted, but elated. On the other side DAVY SMYTH finishes writing in black fe pen the words ‘Pressure’s On - Master’ on a tape box, whi he then puts in a padded envelope, which TERRI takes from his hand and drops into his record bag. He pats DAVY’s shoulder.
123) 0) text: PAT picks up the phone. 72.
123) 1) dialog: (shouts above the music) Terri? You just missed him, love. He was here all afternoon.
124) 1) dialog: He said something about an interview. At that moment RUTH’s attention is drawn back to the TV.