38) 6) dialog: (more spoken than sung) We hate the cops. TERRI and RUC MAN finally look at the stage where RUDI ar ripping into ‘Cops’. The audience have forgotten about th actual RUC MEN among them and are singing along.
38) 10) dialog: OK, now that we’ve cleared the air a bit... this is ‘Big Time’. At guitarist BRIAN YOUNG’s opening riff the crowd surges forward. Suddenly the fluorescent stage-light falls from the ceiling. RUDI play on regardless in the gloom. FANGS grabs the light, still lit, and swings it above his head. TERRI looks around him - at the kids, at the band, at the waving light - and it is all too much. He starts to cry. Then he jumps up and down with everyone else.
39) 6) dialog: You can want all you like.
39) 9) dialog: That’s just the way it is. We don’t care.
48) 0) text: 51 52 DAVE, BRIAN and RONNIE watch TERRI remove a piece of viny from a ‘Big Time’ sleeve and holds it up, like the host.
63) 2) dialog: They wouldn’t be doing it if they knew what happened to ‘Big Time’.
108) 0) text: TERRI is searching in his pocket. He pulls out his hand: there are half a dozen coppers. He stares at them a momen Shoves them back in. Searches in the other pocket, pulls out his matches. He tries to light a cigarette, but his hand shakes so much it takes him two matches. The flags on the lampposts when he looks up have changed from red, white and blue to green, white and orange. TERR sits forward in his seat. Something has caught his eye. Reflected on the windows a street protest fronted by WOME wearing only blankets, carrying pictures of young IRA men above the words ‘Political Prisoner’. OTHERS have posters saying ‘Smash H Block’. The whole thing is eerily silent. EXT. BELFAST STREET — DAY 121 A wall with a single poster for a Smash H Block rally, 3r March 1979. TERRI slaps a Harp poster over it and walks away. To an acoustic guitar accompaniment RONNIE starts to sing
108) 1) dialog: ‘Well I won’t do that, and I can’t do this, and I tell you something we hate all this...’
109) 0) text: BRIAN plays guitar and RONNIE sings...
109) 1) dialog: ‘Every time I see you, makes me realise, the pressure’s on, every single day...’ TERRI at the counter scrawls something on a piece of pape which he holds up to them: Hit! 123 124 125 126 127 68. EXT. BELFAST STREET — DAY 123 Four anti-H block posters: Rally 24th June. Four Harp posters over the top. ‘Pressure’s On’ goes electric: Brian’s solo.
156) 4) dialog: (tongue in cheek, mostly) Well you fucked up that, and you fucked up this, so fuck knows, Terri, why we’re doing this... A door opens at the far end of the hall. A balding, beard figure in a blazer comes walking towards them. TERRI and DAVE peer at him, looks of recognition and disbelief. RONNIE has spotted the figure now as well.
156) 5) dialog: It’s John fucking Peel. TERRI and DAVE get down from the stage.
159) 0) text: Sounds of Ruefrex from the stage. RONNIE watches in the wings. BRIAN practices licks on his unplugged guitar. Nearby JOHN PEEL talks to GETTY, whose interest is torn between PEEL and Pink-haired PUNK GIRL across the room.