0) 5) text: Do you think is he going to lose it? There are looming faces - DOCTOR, Terri’s parents MAVIS a GEORGE - a disorienting rush of lights - suggestive of ey tests, but merging with other lights - city lights, searchlights. There are eye charts, which merge with 60s protest placards - US out of Vietnam - Ban the Bomb - wit magazine covers: Ego, OZ MAVIS (CONT’D) Is he going to lose it? The charts, placards, magazines merge with newspaper headlines charting the start of the Northern Irish Troubles, a barrage of surreal images from the 50s to the 70s darker as the headlines change: from agricultural sho to sheep fleeing a bomb blast, from schoolkids dancing at fete to a line of monks being frisked by British soldiers MAVIS (0.S.) (CONT’D) (growing frantic) Is he going to be blinded? Image and sound reach a crescendo.
2) 0) text: SOLDIERS herd OTHER WORKERS behind a cordon where news cameras lurk. TERRI and ERIC saunter out
63) 6) dialog: Everybody down on the fucking ground! Out! Out! Out! He trails TERRI out of minibus. SOLDIERS everywhere, faces blackened, guns poised. TERRI forced to the ground beside GETTY who has been dragged round from the other side.
63) 8) dialog: I said fucking down. SOLDIERS are frisking the prone punks. They drag them all up on their feet again.
63) 9) dialog: What the fuck have we here? Fucking scarecrow convention? 4l.
63) 11) dialog: And where are you all from in Belfast?
63) 13) dialog: (in BRIAN’s face) Are you taking the mick, Mick? BRIAN’s face says that he wouldn’t dream of it.
63) 14) dialog: (turns to TERRI) You telling me some of these cunts are Protestant and some of them are Catholic?
63) 16) dialog: You ever think of setting up a political party?
63) 18) dialog: You don’t want to know what we do either. (calls to his patrol) All right, let them back on to their bus. The GOOD VIBES CREW climb on board, cocky again.
64) 0) text: Sound of the soldiers’ radio as the engine starts.
64) 1) dialog: (taps TERRI’s window) Just getting reports in on the radio. You might want to watch yourselves going West when you get to Belfast... And North. A bit of trouble in the East too. 70 71 72 73 42.
64) 3) dialog: You should be OK if you get going now. The van pulls off: bare arses pressed against the window.
97) 0) text: In background a plane lands. The ‘fella from Sire’ PAUL McNALLY makes his way, across the tarmac. THREE SOLDIERS pass, PAUL MCNALLY flinches. TERRI leans on the dilapidated van from the Good Vibes tour, holding up a placard on which are written two words ‘The Man’. 59.