0) 4) dialog: My da’s not a communist, he’s a socialist. His eye widens as the arrow speeds towards it. Impact. INT. TERRI’S WORLD - NIGHT AND DAY JUMBLED TOGETHER The music is distorted, becoming the soundtrack as the arrow takes us on an accelerated journey into Terri’s world, and through the future, private and public.
1) 5) text: TERRI wears a Kodak overall. Sitting on a work bench, kne up, smoking a joint is his mate ERIC - more sixth Stone than fifth Beatle, more Sticky Finger than Satisfaction. There are photos pegged up to dry. There are also flyers (clearly home-made): Terri Hooley, Tonight at 8... Max Romeo’s ‘War ina Babylon’ plays on a portable turntable. TERRI sings along as he pegs up another flyer.
4) 0) text: The hand that held up the eye now rifles through a box of records: Shangri-las, 13th Floor Elevators, Gladiators. A poster on the wall reads TERRI HOOLEY BELFAST’S NO.1 DJ. Next to it a WAR IS OVER poster (‘Love John and Yoko’), another for the Rolling Stones gig at the Ulster Hall, 19 an outlaws gallery: Hank Williams, Bob Marley, Johnny Cas TERRI downs a brandy, lights a cigarette lit, takes a record from its sleeve: ‘Soul Rebel’ by The Wailers. He places it on the turntable, closes his eyes and starts to sing along.
38) 8) dialog: 
51) 12) dialog: Property is theft! Property is theft!
165) 2) dialog: Why can’t I be like any guy, why do they try to make me run, son of a gun now, what do they care about the clothes I wear, why get their kicks from making fun... TERRI’s eye lights on RUTH, dancing on her own.
165) 3) dialog: This world’s got a lot of space and if they don’t like my face it ain’t me that’s going anywhere, no. So I don’t care, then laugh at me, if that’s the fare I have to pay to be free... 97. GREG drapes an arm around TERRI. TERRI glances to his rig and instead of GREG it’s HANK WILLIAMS, his rhinestone su replaced by a studded jacket. TERRI carries on singing.
165) 4) dialog: Then laugh at me, and I'll cry for you and I'll pray for you and I‘1l do all the things that the man upstairs says to do, I’1l do them I’1l1 do them all for you... TERRI looks at HANK, who nods. TERRI dives on to the outstretched arms.