0) 0) text: An explosion rocks the ship as two robots, Artoo-Detoo (R D2) and See-Threepio (C-3PO) struggle to make their way  through the shaking, bouncing passageway. Both robots are old and battered. Artoo is a short, claw-armed tripod. Hi face is a mass of computer lights surrounding a radar eye Threepio, on the other hand, is a tall, slender robot of  human proportions. He has a gleaming bronze-like metallic surface of an Art Deco design. Another blast shakes them as they struggle along their wa
3) 0) text: A death-white wasteland stretches from horizon to horizon The tremendous heat of two huge twin suns settle on a lon figure, Luke Skywalker, a farm boy with heroic aspiration who looks much younger than his eighteen years. His shagg hair and baggy tunic give him the air of a simple but lov lad with a prize-winning smile. A light wind whips at him as he adjusts several valves on large battered moisture vaporator which sticks out of the desert floor much like an oil pipe with valves. He is aid by a beatup tread-robot with six claw arms. The little ro appears to be barely functioning and moves with jerky mot A bright sparkle in the morning sky catches Luke's eye an he instinctively grabs a pair of electrobinoculars from h utility belt. He stands transfixed for a few moments stud the heavens, then dashed toward his dented, crudely repai Landspeeder (an auto-like transport that travels a few fe above the ground on a magnetic-field). He motions for the tiny robot to follow him.
4) 0) text: The awesome, seven-foot-tall Dark Lord of the Sith makes way into the blinding light of the main passageway. This Darth Vader, right hand of the Emperor. His face is obscu by his flowing black robes and grotesque breath mask, whi stands out next to the fascist white armored suits of the Imperial stormtroopers. Everyone instinctively backs away from the imposing warrior and a deathly quiet sweeps thro the Rebel troops. Several of the Rebel troops break and r in a frenzied panic.
5) 0) text: A woman's hand puts a card into an opening in Artoo's dom Artoo makes beeping sounds.
13) 0) text: Luke bursts into the power station, waking The Fixer, a r mechanic and Camie, a sexy, disheveled girl who has been  asleep in his lap. They grumbled as he races through the  office, yelling wildly.
13) 3) text: Luke bounces into a small room behind the office where De and Windy, two tough boys about the same age as Luke, are playing a computer pool-like game with Biggs, a burly,  handsome boy a few years older than the rest. His flashy  city attire is a sharp contrast to the loose-fitting tuni of the farm boys. A robot repairs some equipment in the  background.
15) 0) text: Princess Leia is led down a low-ceilinged hallway by a sq of armored stormtroopers. Her hands are bound and she is  brutally shoved when she is unable to keep up with the br marching troops. They stop in a smoky hallway as Darth Va emerges from the shadows. The sinister Dark Lord stares h at the frail young senator, but she doesn't move.
20) 0) text: The gargantuan rock formations are shrouded in a strange  foreboding mist and the onimous sounds of unearthly creat fill the air. Artoo moves cautiously through the creepy r canyon, inadvertently making a loud clicking noise as he  goes. He hears a distant, hard, metallic sound and stops a moment. Convinced he is alone, he continues on his way. In the distance, a pebble tumbles down the steep canyon w and a small dark figure darts into the shadows. A little  further up the canyon a slight flicker of light reveals a pair of eyes in the dark recesses only a few feet from th narrow path. The unsuspecting robot waddles along the rugged trail unt suddenly, out of nowhere, a powerful magnetic ray shoots of the rocks and engulfs him in an eerie glow. He manages one short electronic squeak before he topples over onto h back. His bright computer lights flicker off, then on, th off again. Out of the rocks scurry three Jawas, no taller than Artoo. They holster strange and complex weapons as t cautiously approach the robot. They wear grubby cloaks an their faces are shrouded so only their glowing eyes can b seen. They hiss and make odd guttural sounds as they heav the heavy robot onto their shoulders and carry him off do the trail.
27) 2) text: Suddenly the shaking and bouncing of the Sandcrawler stop creating quite a commotion among the mechanical men.   Threepio's fist bangs the head of Artoo whose computer li pop on as he begins beeping. At the far end of the long  chamber a hatch opens, filling the chamber with blinding  white light. a dozen or so Jawas make their way through t odd assortment of robots.
29) 2) text: Artoo beeps a muffled reply. Luke seems to be lost in tho as he runs his hand over the damaged fin of a small two-m Skyhopper spaceship resting in a low hangar off the garag Finally Luke's frustrations get the better of him and he  slams a wrench across the workbench.
29) 24) text: The fragment breaks loose with a snap, sending Luke tumbl head over heels. He sits up and sees a twelve-inch three- dimensional hologram of Leia Organa, the Rebel senator, b projected from the face of little Artoo. The image is a  rainbow of colors as it flickers and jiggles in the dimly lit garage. Luke's mouth hangs open in awe.
30) 25) text: Resigned to his fate, Luke paddles out of the room. Owen  mechanically finishes his dinner.
39) 0) text: The Tusken Raider approaches two large Banthas standing t to a rock. The monstrous, bear-like creatures are as larg as elephants, with huge red eyes, tremendous looped horns and long, furry, dinosaur-like tails. The Tusken Raiders  mount saddles strapped to the huge creatures' shaggy back and ride off down the rugged bluff.
42) 2) text: Artoo waddles over to were Luke lies crumpled in a heap a begins to whistle and beep his concern. Ben puts his hand Luke's forehead and he begins to come around.
42) 17) text: He suddenly looks up at the overhanging cliffs.
43) 0) text: Little Artoo stands at the edge of a large sand pit and b to chatter away in electronic whistles and beeps. Luke an Ben stand over a very dented and tangled Threepio lying h buried in the sand. One of his arms has broken off. Luke tries to revive the inert robot by shaking him and t flips a hidden switch on his back several times until fin the mechanical man's systems turn on.
44) 7) text: Ben gets up and goes to a chest where he rummages around. As Luke finishes repairing Threepio and starts to fit the restraining bolt back on, Threepio looks at him nervously Luke thinks about the bolt for a moment then puts it on t table. Ben shuffles up and presents Luke with a short han with several electronic gadgets attached to it.
44) 11) text: Ben hands Luke the saber.
44) 14) text: Luke pushes a button on the handle. A long beam shoots ou about four feet and flickers there. The light plays acros the ceiling.
51) 2) text: The torture robot gives off a steady beeping sound as it  approaches Princess Leia and extends one of its mechanica arms bearing a large hypodermic needle. The door slides s and the long cell block hallway appears peaceful. The muf screams of the Rebel princess are barely heard.
56) 0) text: The young adventurer and his two mechanical servants foll Ben Kenobi into the smoke-filled cantina. The murky, mold den is filled with a startling array of weird and exotic  alien creatures and monsters at the long metallic bar. At first the sight is horrifying. One-eyed, thousand-eyed, s furry, scaly, tentacled, and clawed creatures huddle over drinks. Ben moves to an empty spot at the bar near a grou of repulsive but human scum. A huge, rough-looking Barten stops Luke and the robots.
56) 8) text: Threepio and his stubby partner go outside and most of th creatures at the bar go back to their drinks. Ben is standing next to Chewbacca, an eight-foot-tall sav looking creature resembling a huge grey bushbaby monkey w fierce baboon-like fangs. His large blue eyes dominate a covered face and soften his otherwise awesome appearance. Over his matted, furry body he wears two chrome bandolier and little else. He is a two-hundred-year-old Wookiee and sight to behold. Ben speaks to the Wookiee, pointing to Luke several times during his conversation and the huge creature suddenly le out a horrifying laugh. Luke is more than a little bit  disconcerted and pretends not to hear the conversation be Ben and the giant Wookiee. Luke is terrified but tries not to show it. He quietly si his drink, looking over the crowd for a more sympathetic or whatever. A large, multiple-eyed Creature gives Luke a rough shove.
58) 0) text: Strange creatures play exotic big band music on odd-looki instruments as Luke, still giddy, downs a fresh drink and follows Ben and Chewbacca to a booth where Han Solo is  sitting. Han is a tough, roguish starpilot about thirty y old. A mercenary on a starship, he is simple, sentimental and cocksure.
58) 1) dialog: Han Solo. I'm captain of the  Millennium Falcon. Chewie here tells  me you're looking for passage to the  Alderaan system.
58) 3) dialog: Fast ship? You've never heard of the  Millennium Falcon?
58) 5) dialog: It's the ship that made the Kessel  run in less than twelve parsecs!
58) 7) dialog: I've outrun Imperial starships, not  the local bulk-cruisers, mind you.  I'm talking about the big Corellian  ships now. She's fast enough for  you, old man. What's the cargo?
58) 9) dialog: What is it? Some kind of local  trouble?
58) 11) dialog: Well, that's the trick, isn't it?  And it's going to cost you something  extra. Ten thousand in advance.
58) 13) dialog: But who's going to fly it, kid! You?
58) 16) dialog: Seventeen, huh!
58) 17) text: Han ponders this for a few moments.
58) 18) dialog: Okay. You guys got yourself a ship.  We'll leave as soon as you're ready.  Docking bay Ninety-four.
58) 20) dialog: Looks like somebody's beginning to  take an interest in your handiwork.
58) 24) dialog: Seventeen thousand! Those guys must  really be desperate. This could really  save my neck. Get back to the ship  and get her ready.
60) 0) text: As Han is about to leave, Greedo, a slimy green-faced ali with a short trunk-nose, pokes a gun in his side. The cre speaks in a foreign tongue translated into English subtit
60) 2) dialog: Yes, Greedo. As a matter of fact, I  was just going to see your boss.  Tell Jabba that I've got his money.
60) 3) text: Han sits down and the alien sits across from him holding gun on him.
60) 5) dialog: Yeah, but this time I got the money.
60) 7) dialog: I don't have it with me. Tell Jabba...
60) 9) dialog: Even I get boarded sometimes. Do you  think I had a choice?
60) 10) text: Han Solo slowly reaches for his gun under the table.
60) 12) dialog: Over my dead body.
60) 14) dialog: Yes, I'll bet you have.
60) 15) text: Suddenly the slimy alien disappears in a blinding flash o light. Han pulls his smoking gun from beneath the table a the other patron look on in bemused amazement. Han gets u and starts out of the cantina, flipping the bartender som coins as he leaves.
60) 16) dialog: Sorry about the mess.
65) 2) text: A voice from directly behind the pirates startles them an they turn around to see Han Solo and the giant Wookiee,  Chewbacca, standing behind them with no weapons in sight.
65) 3) dialog: I've been waiting for you, Jabba.
65) 5) dialog: I'm not the type to run.
65) 7) dialog: You sent Greedo to blast me.
65) 9) dialog: I think he thought he was. Next time  don't send one of those twerps. If  you've got something to say to me,  come see me yourself.
65) 11) dialog: You know, even I get boarded  sometimes, Jabba. I had no choice,  but I've got a charter now and I can  pay you back, plus a little extra. I  just need some more time.
65) 13) dialog: Jabba, I'll pay you because it's my  pleasure.
67) 2) text: The tall figure of Han Solo comes down the boarding ramp.
67) 3) dialog: She'll make point five beyond the  speed of light. She may not look  like much, but she's got it where it  counts, kid. I've added some special  modifications myself.
67) 5) dialog: We're a little rushed, so if you'll  hurry aboard we'll get out of here.
71) 2) text: Han Solo looks up and sees the Imperial stormtroopers rus into the docking bay. Several of the troopers fire at Han he ducks into the spaceship.
71) 4) text: Han draws his laser pistol and pops off a couple of shots which force the stormtroopers to dive for safety. The  pirateship engines whine as Han hits the release button t slams the overhead entry shut.
72) 1) dialog: Chewie, get us out of here!
74) 0) text: Han climbs into the pilot's chair next to Chewbacca, who  chatters away as he points to something on the radar scop
76) 0) text: Han frantically types information into the ship's compute Little Artoo appears momentarily at the cockpit doorway,  makes a few beeping remarks, then scurries away.
76) 1) dialog: It looks like an Imperial cruiser.  Our passengers must be hotter than I  thought. Try and hold them off. Angle  the deflector shield while I make  the calculations for the jump to  light speed.
78) 0) text: Over the shoulders of Chewbacca and Han, we can see the g spread before them. Luke and Ben make their way into the  cramped cockpit where Han continues his calculation.
78) 1) dialog: Stay sharp! There are two more coming  in; they're going to try to cut us  off.
78) 3) dialog: Watch your mouth, kid, or you're  going to find yourself floating home.  We'll be safe enough once we make  the jump to hyperspace. Besides, I  know a few maneuvers. We'll lose  them!
80) 1) dialog: Here's where the fun begins!
80) 3) dialog: It'll take a few moments to get the  coordinates from the navi-computer.
80) 6) dialog: Traveling through hyperspace isn't  like dusting crops, boy! Without  precise calculations we could fly  right through a star or bounce too  close to a supernova and that'd end  your trip real quick, wouldn't it?
80) 9) dialog: We're losing our deflector shield.  Go strap yourself in, I'm going to  make the jump to light speed.
81) 0) text: The Millennium Falcon zooms into infinity in less than a  second.
83) 2) text: Vader and two stormtroopers enter with Princess Leia. Her hands are bound.
85) 5) text: Han Solo enters the room.
85) 6) dialog: Well, you can forget your troubles  with those Imperial slugs. I told  you I'd outrun 'em.
85) 8) dialog: Don't everyone thank me at once.
85) 10) dialog: Anyway, we should be at Alderaan  about oh-two-hundred hours.
85) 13) text: Artoo immediately reaches up and taps the computer with h stubby claw hand, causing one of the holographic creature to walk to the new square. A sudden frown crosses Chewbac face and he begins yelling gibberish at the tiny robot.  Threepio intercedes on behalf of his small companion and  begins to argue with the huge Wookiee.
85) 15) dialog: (interrupting) Let him have it. It's not wise to  upset a Wookiee.
85) 17) dialog: That's 'cause droids don't pull  people's arms out of their socket  when they lose. Wookiees are known  to do that.
85) 19) text: Luke stands in the middle of the small hold area; he seem frozen in place. A humming lightsaber is held high over h head. Ben watches him from the corner, studying his movem Han watches with a bit of smugness.
85) 23) text: Suspended at eye level, about ten feet in front of Luke, "seeker", a chrome baseball-like robot covered with anten hovers slowly in a wide arc. The ball floats to one side the youth then the other. Suddenly it makes a lightning-s lunge and stops within a few feet of Luke's face. Luke do move and the ball backs off. It slowly moves behind the b then makes another quick lunge, this time emitting a bloo red laser beam as it attacks. It hits Luke in the leg cau him to tumble over. Han lets loose with a burst of laught
85) 24) dialog: Hokey religions and ancient weapons  are no match for a good blaster at  your side, kid.
85) 26) dialog: Kid, I've flown from one side of  this galaxy to the other. I've seen  a lot of strange stuff, but I've  never seen anything to make me believe  there's one all-powerful force  controlling everything. There's no  mystical energy field that controls  my destiny.
85) 28) dialog: It's all a lot of simple tricks and  nonsense.
85) 34) text: Han skeptically shakes his head as Ben throws the seeker  into the air. The ball shoots straight up in the air, the drops like a rock. Luke swings the lightsaber around blin missing the seeker, which fires off a laserbolt which hit Luke square on the seat of the pants. He lets out a painf yell and attempts to hit the seeker.
85) 38) dialog: I call it luck.
85) 40) dialog: Look, going good against remotes is  one thing. Going good against the  living? That's something else.
85) 42) dialog: Looks like we're coming up on  Alderaan.
85) 43) text: Han and Chewbacca head back to the cockpit.
88) 1) dialog: Stand by, Chewie, here we go. Cut in  the sublight engines.
88) 2) text: Han pulls back on a control lever. Outside the cockpit wi stars begin streaking past, seem to decrease in speed, th stop. Suddenly the starship begins to shudder and violent shake about. Asteroids begin to race toward them, batteri the sides of the ship.
88) 3) dialog: What the...? Aw, we've come out of  hyperspace into a meteor shower.  Some kind of asteroid collision.  It's not on any of the charts.
88) 6) dialog: Our position is correct, except...  no, Alderaan!
88) 8) dialog: Thats what I'm trying to tell you,  kid. It ain't there. It's been totally  blown away.
88) 12) dialog: The entire starfleet couldn't destroy  the whole planet. It'd take a thousand  ships with more fire power than  I've...
88) 14) dialog: There's another ship coming in.
88) 20) dialog: There aren't any bases around here.  Where did it come from?
90) 2) dialog: Not if I can help it. Chewie...jam  it's transmissions.
90) 4) dialog: Not for long...
92) 3) dialog: Well, he ain't going to be around  long enough to tell anyone about us.
94) 2) dialog: I think I can get him before he gets  there... he's almost in range.
94) 5) dialog: It's too big to be a space station.
94) 7) dialog: Yeah, I think your right. Full  reverse! Chewie, lock in the auxiliary  power.
94) 10) dialog: We're caught in a tractor beam! It's  pulling us in!
94) 12) dialog: There's nothin' I can do about it,  kid. I'm in full power. I'm going to  have to shut down. But they're not  going to get me without a fight!
94) 13) text: Ben Kenobi puts a hand on his shoulder.
97) 0) text: The pirateship is pulled in through port doors of the Dea Star, coming to rest in a huge hangar. Thirty stormtroope stand at attention in a central assembly area.
101) 8) text: Vader turns quickly and exits the hangar.
102) 0) text: A trooper runs through the hallway heading for the exit. a few moments all is quiet. The muffled sounds of a dista officer giving orders finally fade. Two floor panels sudd pop up revealing Han Solo and Luke. Ben Kenobi sticks his head out of a third locker.
102) 2) dialog: I use them for smuggling. I never  thought I'd be smuggling myself in  them. This is ridiculous. Even if I  could take off, I'd never get past  the tractor beam.
102) 4) dialog: Damn fool. I knew that you were going  to say that!
102) 6) text: Han shakes his head, muttering to himself. Chewbacca agre
104) 4) text: As the officer approaches the door, it slides open reveal the towering Chewbacca. The gantry officer, in a momentar state of shock, stumbles backward. With a bone- chilling  howl, the giant Wookiee flattens the officer with one blo The aide immediately reaches for his pistol, but is blast by Han, dressed as an Imperial stormtrooper. Ben and the  robots enter the room quickly followed by Luke, also dres as a stormtrooper. Luke quickly removes his helmet.
104) 6) dialog: Bring them on! I prefer a straight  fight to all this sneaking around.
104) 16) dialog: Whatever you say. I've done more  that I bargained for on this trip  already.
104) 21) text: Ben adjusts the lightsaber on his belt and silently steps out of the command office, then disappears down a long gr hallway. Chewbacca barks a comment and Han shakes his hea in agreement.
104) 22) dialog: Boy you said it, Chewie.
104) 23) text: Han looks at Luke.
104) 24) dialog: Where did you dig up that old fossil?
104) 26) dialog: Yeah, great at getting us into  trouble.
104) 28) dialog: Well, anything would be better than  just hanging around waiting for him  to pick us up...
104) 37) dialog: Princess? What's going on?
104) 40) dialog: What are you talking about?
104) 42) dialog: Now, look, don't get any funny ideas.  The old man wants us to wait right  here.
104) 44) dialog: I'm not going anywhere.
104) 46) dialog: Marching into the detention area is  not what I had in mind.
104) 48) dialog: Better her than me...
104) 51) dialog: Rich?
104) 53) dialog: What?
104) 55) dialog: I don't know, I can imagine quite a  bit!
104) 57) dialog: I better!
104) 59) dialog: All right, kid. But you'd better be  right about this.
104) 60) text: Han looks at Chewie, who grunts a short grunt.
104) 62) dialog: What's your plan?
104) 68) text: Luke sheepishly hands the binders to Han.
104) 69) dialog: Don't worry, Chewie. I think I know  what he has in mind.
104) 70) text: The Wookiee has a worried and frightened look on his face Han binds him with the electronic cuffs.
104) 73) dialog: And hope they don't have blasters.
104) 75) text: Luke and Han put on their armored stormtrooper helmets an start off into the giant Imperial Death Star.
105) 0) text: Han and Luke try to look inconspicuous in their armored s as they wait for a vacuum elevator to arrive. Troops,  bureaucrats, and robots bustle about, ignoring the trio  completely. Only a few give the giant Wookiee a curious  glance. Finally a small elevator arrives and the trio enters.
105) 2) text: A bureaucrat races to get aboard also, but is signaled aw by Han. The door to the pod-like vehicle slides closed an the elevator car takes off through a vacuum tube.
107) 2) dialog: This is not going to work.
107) 4) dialog: I did say so before!
108) 2) text: Chewie growls a bit at the remark but Han nudges him to s up.
108) 5) text: The officer goes back to his console and begins to punch the information. There are only three other troopers in t area. Luke and Han survey the situation, checking all of alarms, laser gates, and camera eyes. Han unfastens one o Chewbacca's electronic cuffs and shrugs to Luke. Suddenly Chewbacca throws up his hands and lets out with of his ear-piercing howls. He grabs Han's laser rifle.
108) 6) dialog: Look out! He's loose!
108) 8) dialog: Go get him!
108) 9) text: The startled guards are momentarily dumbfounded. Luke and Han have already pulled out their laser pistols and are  blasting away at the terrifying Wookiee. Their barrage of laserfire misses Chewbacca, but hits the camera eyes, las gate controls, and the Imperial guards. The officer is th last of the guards to fall under the laserfire just as he about to push the alarm system. Han rushes to the comlink system, which is screeching questions about what is going on.  He quickly checks the computer readout.
108) 10) dialog: We've got to find out which cell  this princess of yours is in. Here  it is... cell twenty-one-eight-seven.  You go get her. I'll hold them here.
108) 11) text: Luke races down one of the cell corridors. Han speaks int the buzzing comlink.
108) 12) dialog: (sounding official) Everything is under control. Situation  normal.
108) 14) dialog: (getting nervous) Uh... had a slight weapons  malfunction. But, uh, everything's  perfectly all right now. We're fine.  We're all fine here, now, thank you.  How are you?
108) 16) dialog: Uh, uh, negative. We had a reactor  leak here now. Give us a few minutes  to lock it down. Large leak... very  dangerous.
108) 18) text: Han blasts the comlink and it explodes.
108) 19) dialog: Boring conversation anyway. (yelling down the  hall) Luke! We're going to have company!
109) 0) text: Luke stops in front of one of the cells and blasts the do away with a laser pistol. When the smoke clears, Luke see the dazzling young princess-senator. She had been sleepin and is now looking at him with an uncomprehending look on her face. Luke is stunned by her incredible beauty and st staring at her with his mouth hanging open.
111) 1) dialog: Chewie!
111) 3) dialog: Get behind me! Get behind me!
111) 4) text: A series of explosions knock a hole in the elevator door  through which several Imperial troops begin to emerge. Han and Chewie fire laser pistols at them through the smo and flame. They turn and run down the cell hallway, meeti up with Luke and Leia rushing toward them.
111) 5) dialog: Can't get out that way.
111) 7) dialog: (sarcastically) Maybe you'd like it back in your  cell, Your Highness.
111) 8) text: Luke takes a small comlink transmitter from his belt as t continue to exchange fire with stormtroopers making their way down the corridor.
113) 0) text: Luke and Leia crouch together in an alcove for protection they continue to exchange fire with troops. Han and Chewb are barely able to keep the stormtroopers at bay at the f and of the hallway. The laserfire is very intense, and sm fills the narrow cell corridor.
113) 2) dialog: I can't hold them off forever! Now  what?
113) 4) dialog: (pointing to Luke) He's the brains, sweetheart.
113) 7) text: The princess grabs Luke's gun and fires at a small grate the wall next to Han, almost frying him.
113) 8) dialog: What the hell are you doing?
113) 10) text: She jumps through the narrow opening as Han and Chewbacca look on in amazement. Chewbacca sniffs the garbage chute says something.
113) 11) dialog: Get in there you big furry oaf! I  don't care what you smell! Get in  there and don't worry about it.
113) 12) text: Han gives him a kick and the Wookiee disappears into the  tiny opening. Luke and Han continue firing as they work t way toward the opening.
113) 13) dialog: Wonderful girl! Either I'm going to  kill her or I'm beginning to like  her. Get in there!
113) 14) text: Luke ducks laserfire as he jumps into the darkness. Han f off a couple of quick blasts creating a smokey cover, the slides into the chute himself and is gone.
114) 0) text: Han tumbles into the large room filled with garbage and m Luke is already stumbling around looking for an exit. He  finds a small hatchway and struggles to get it open. It w budge.
114) 1) dialog: (sarcastically) Oh! The garbage chute was a really  wonderful idea. What an incredible  smell you've discovered! Let's get  out of here! Get away from there...
114) 3) text: Han draws his laser pistol and fires at the hatch. The  laserbolt ricochets wildly around the small metal room.   Everyone dives for cover in the garbage as the bolt explo almost on top of them. Leia climbs out of the garbage wit rather grim look on her face.
114) 6) dialog: Absolutely, Your Worship. Look, I  had everything under control until  you led us down here. You know, it's  not going to take them long to figure  out what happened to us.
114) 8) text: A loud, horrible, inhuman moan works its way up from the  murky depths. Chewbacca lets out a terrified howl and beg to back away. Han and Luke stand fast with their laser pi drawn. The Wookiee is cowering near one of the walls.
114) 9) dialog: It's worse.
114) 11) dialog: That's your imagination.
114) 13) dialog: What?
114) 16) dialog: Luke! Luke! Luke!
114) 22) dialog: Where?
114) 25) dialog: Luke! Luke!
114) 26) text: Suddenly the walls of the garbage receptacle shudder and  move in a couple of inches. Then everything is deathly qu Han and Leia give each other a worried look as Chewbacca  howls in the corner. With a rush of bubbles and muck Luke suddenly bobs to the surface.
114) 31) dialog: I've got a very bad feeling about  this.
115) 0) text: A soft buzzer and the muted voice of Luke calling out for See-Threepio can be heard on Threepio's hand comlink, whi is sitting on the deserted computer console. Artoo and  Threepio are nowhere in sight. Suddenly there is a great  explosion and the door of the control tower flies across floor. Four armed stormtroopers enter the chamber.
116) 0) text: As the walls rumble closed, the room gets smaller and sma Chewie is whining and trying to hold a wall back with his giant paws. Han is leaning back against the other wall. Garbage is  snapping and popping. Luke is trying to reach Threepio.
116) 2) text: Han and Leia try to brace the contracting walls with a po Leia begins to sink into the trash.
116) 3) dialog: Get to the top!
118) 0) text: The walls are only feet apart. Leia and Han are braced ag the walls. The princess is frightened. They look at each  other. Leia reaches out and takes Han's hand and she hold it tightly. She's terrified and suddenly groans as she fe the first crushing pressure against her body.
118) 1) dialog: One thing's for sure. We're all going  to be a lot thinner! (to Leia) Get on top of it!
126) 0) text: The screaming and hollering is the sound of joyous relief The walls have stopped moving. Han, Chewie and Leia embra in the background.
127) 1) dialog: (over comlink) Three-two-six-eight-two-seven.
129) 0) text: The group exits the garbage room into a dusty, unused hal Han and Luke remove the trooper suits and strap on the bl belts.
129) 1) dialog: If we can just avoid any more female  advice, we ought to be able to get  out of here.
129) 5) dialog: (to Chewie) Where are you going?
129) 6) text: The Dia Nogu bangs against the hatch and a long, slimy  tentacle works its way out of the doorway searching for a victim. Han aims his pistol.
129) 8) text: Han fires at the doorway. The noise of the blast echoes  relentlessly throughout the empty passageway. Luke simply shakes his head in disgust.
129) 9) dialog: (to Chewie) Come here, you big coward!
129) 11) dialog: Chewie! Come here!
129) 13) text: Han is stunned at the command of the petite young girl.
129) 14) dialog: Look, Your Worshipfulness, let's get  one thing straight! I take orders  from one person! Me!
129) 16) text: Han watches her start away. He looks at Luke.
129) 17) dialog: No reward is worth this.
131) 0) text: Luke, Han, Chewbacca, and Leia run down an empty hallway stop before a bay window overlooking the pirateship. Troo are milling about the ship. Luke takes out his pocket com
131) 1) dialog: (looking at his ship) There she is.
131) 5) text: Han is watching the dozen or so troops moving in and out the pirateship. Leia moves towards Han, touches his arm a points out the window to the ship.
131) 7) dialog: Nice! Come on!
131) 8) text: Han gives her a dirty look, and they start off down the  hallway. They round a corner and run right into twenty  Imperial stormtroopers heading toward them. Both groups a taken by surprise and stop in their tracks.
131) 10) text: Before even thinking, Han draws his laser pistol and char the troops, firing. His blaster knocks one of the  stormtroopers into the air. Chewie follows his captain do the corridor, stepping over the fallen trooper on the flo
131) 11) dialog: (to Luke and Leia) Get back to the ship!
131) 13) text: Han has already rounded a corner and does not hear.
131) 16) text: Luke is furious but doesn't have time to think about it f muted alarms begin to go off down on the hangar deck. Luk and Leia start off toward the starship hangar.
132) 0) text: Han chases the stormtroopers down a long subhallway. He i yelling and brandishing his laser pistol. The troops reac dead end and are forced to turn and fight. Han stops a fe feet from them and assumes a defensive position. The troo begin to raise their laser guns. Soon all ten troopers ar moving into an attack position in front of the lone  starpirate. Han's determined look begins to fade as the t begin to advance. Solo jumps backward as they fire at him
133) 0) text: Chewbacca runs down the subhallway in a last-ditch attemp to save his bold captain. Suddenly he hears the firing of laser guns and yelling. Around the corner shoots Han, pir extraordinaire, running for his life, followed by a host furious stormtroopers. Chewbacca turns and starts running the other way also.
135) 10) text: Luke notices something on his stormtrooper belt, when  laserfire hits the wall behind him. Luke aims his laser p at a stormtrooper perched on a higher bridge overhang acr the abyss from them. They exchange fire. Two more troops  appear on another overhang, also firing. A trooper is hit and grabs at his chest. Another trooper standing on the bridge overhang is hit by Luke's laserfire, and plummets down the shaft. Troopers m back off the bridge; Luke hands the gun to Leia.
135) 12) text: Luke pulls a thin nylon cable from his trooper utility be It has a grappler hook on it. A trooper appears on a brid overhang and fires at Luke and Leia. As Luke works with t rope, Leia returns the laser volley. Another trooper appe and fires at them, as Leia returns his fire as well.   Suddenly, the hatch door begins to open, revealing the fe of more troops.
138) 0) text: Han and Chewbacca run down a long corridor with several  troopers hot on their trail.
139) 0) text: Ben hurries along one of the tunnels leading to the hanga where the pirateship waits. Just before he reaches the ha Darth Vader steps into view at the end of the tunnel, not ten feet away. Vader lights his saber. Ben also ignites h and steps slowly forward.
139) 5) text: The two Galactic warriors stand perfectly still for a few moments, sizing each other up and waiting for the right  moment. Ben seems to be under increasing pressure and str as if an invisible weight were being placed upon him. He  shakes his head and, blinking, tries to clear his eyes. Ben makes a sudden lunge at the huge warrior but is check by a lightning movement of The Sith. A masterful slash st by Vader is blocked by the old Jedi. Another of the Jedi' blows is blocked, then countered. Ben moves around the Da Lord and starts backing into the massive starship hangar. The two powerful warriors stand motionless for a few mome with laser swords locked in mid-air, creating a low buzzi sound.
140) 0) text: Han Solo and Chewbacca, their weapons in hand, lean back  against the wall surveying the forward bay, watching the  Imperial stormtroopers make their rounds of the hangar.
140) 1) dialog: Didn't we just leave this party?
140) 3) dialog: What kept you?
140) 6) dialog: Seems okay, if we can get to it.  Just hope the old man got the tractor  beam out of commission.
141) 2) text: Luke, Leia, Han, and Chewie look up and see Ben and Vader emerging from the hallways on the far side of the docking bay.
143) 1) dialog: Now's our chance! Go!
143) 5) dialog: (to Luke) Come on!
143) 7) dialog: Blast the door! Kid!
144) 0) text: Han pulls back on the controls and the ship begins to mov The dull thud of laser bolts bouncing off the outside of ship as Chewie adjusts his controls.
144) 1) dialog: I hope the old man got that tractor  beam out if commission, or this is  going to be a real short trip. Okay,  hit it!
147) 1) dialog: (to Chewie) We're coming up on the sentry ships.  Hold 'em off! Angle the deflector  shields while I charge up the main  guns!
148) 4) text: Han rushes into the hold area where Luke is sitting with princess.
148) 5) dialog: (to Luke) Come on, buddy, we're not out of  this yet!
152) 0) text: Han adjusts his headset as he sits before the controls of his laser cannon, then speaks into the attached microphon
152) 1) dialog: (to Luke) You in, kid? Okay, stay sharp!
154) 0) text: Computer graphic readouts form on Solo's target screen, a Han reaches for controls.
155) 0) text: Luke sits in readiness for the attack, his hand on the la cannon's control button. INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT. Chewbacca spots the enemy ships and barks.
160) 0) text: A TIE fighter maneuvers in front of Han, who follows it a fires at it with the laser cannon. Luke does likewise, as the fighter streaks into view. The ship has suffered a mi hit, and bounces slightly.
168) 2) dialog: Don't worry, she'll hold together.
168) 4) dialog: (to ship) You hear me, baby? Hold together!
176) 0) text: Luke fires at a TIE fighter. At his port, Han follows a  fighter in his sights, releasing a blast of laserfire. He connects, and the fighter explodes into fiery dust. Han l victoriously.
178) 2) text: Han turns and gives Luke a victory wave which Luke gleefu returns.
178) 3) dialog: Great kid! Don't get cocky.
178) 4) text: Han turns back to his laser cannon.
182) 0) text: Luke and Han look into their respective projected target  screens. An Imperial fighter crosses Solo's port, and Han swivels in his chair, following it with blasts from his l cannon. Another fighter crosses Luke's port, and he react in a like manner, the glow of his target screen lighting face.
190) 0) text: Han, removes his gloves and smiling, is at the controls o the ship. Chewie moves into the aft section to check the  damage. Leia is seated near Han.
190) 1) dialog: Not a bad bit of rescuing, huh? You  know, sometimes I even amaze myself.
190) 3) dialog: Easy... you call that easy?
190) 5) dialog: Not this ship, sister.
190) 8) dialog: What's so important? What's he  carrying?
190) 10) dialog: It is for me, sister! Look, I ain't  in this for your revolution, and I'm  not in it for you, Princess. I expect  to be well paid. I'm in it for the  money!
190) 17) dialog: I'm trying not to, kid!
190) 19) dialog: Still, she's got a lot of spirit. I  don't know, what do you think? Do  you think a princess and a guy like  me...
190) 21) text: Luke says it with finality and looks away. Han smiles at  young Luke's jealousy.
193) 0) text: An alert guard, his laser gun in hand, scans the countrys He sets the gun down and looks toward the temple, barely  visible in the foliage.
194) 0) text: Rotting in a forest of gargantuan trees, an ancient templ lies shrouded in an eerie mist. The air is heavy with the fantastic cries of unimaginable creatures. Han, Luke and others are greeted by the Rebel troops. Luke and the group ride into the massive temple on an arm military speeder.
195) 0) text: The military speeder stops in a huge spaceship hangar, se up in the interior of the crumbling temple. Willard, the  commander of the Rebel forces, rushes up to the group and gives Leia a big hug. Every one is pleased to see her.
198) 0) text: A lone guard stands in a tower high above the Yavin lands surveying the countryside. A mist hangs over the jungle o twisted green.
199) 0) text: Dodonna stands before a large electronic wall display. Le and several other senators are to one side of the giant  readout. The low-ceilinged room is filled with starpilots navigators, and a sprinkling of R2-type robots. Everyone listening intently to what Dodonna is saying. Han and  Chewbacca are standing near the back.
202) 0) text: Luke, Threepio and little Artoo enter the huge spaceship  hangar and hurry along a long line of gleaming spacefight Flight crews rush around loading last-minute armaments an unlocking power couplings. In an area isolated from this  activity Luke finds Han and Chewbacca loading small boxes onto an armored speeder.
202) 2) text: Han is deliberately ignoring the activity of the fighter  pilots' preparation. Luke is quite saddened at the sight his friend's departure.
202) 4) dialog: That's right, yeah! I got some old  debts I've got to pay off with this  stuff. Even if I didn't, you don't  think I'd be fool enough to stick  around here, do you? Why don't you  come with us? You're pretty good in  a fight. I could use you.
202) 6) dialog: What good's a reward if you ain't  around to use it? Besides, attacking  that battle station ain't my idea of  courage. It's more like suicide.
202) 8) text: Luke goes off and Han hesitates, then calls to him.
202) 9) dialog: Hey, Luke... may the Force be with  you!
202) 10) text: Luke turns and sees Han wink at him. Luke lifts his hand a small wave and then goes off. Han turns to Chewie who growls at his captain,
202) 11) dialog: What're you lookin' at? I know what  I'm doing.
203) 8) text: Red Leader, a rugged handsome man in his forties, comes u behind Luke and Biggs. He has the confident smile of a bo leader.
203) 21) text: The crewmen lower Artoo-Detoo into the craft. Now a part the exterior shell of the starship, the little droid beep that he is fine. Luke climbs up into the cockpit of his fighter and puts a his helmet. Threepio looks on from the floor of the massi hangar as the crewmen secure his little electronic partne into Luke's X-wing. It's an emotional-filled moment as Ar beeps good-bye.
203) 26) text: Artoo whistles his reply. All final preparations are made for the approaching battl The hangar is buzzing with the last minute activity as th pilots and crewmen alike make their final adjustments. Th hum of activity is occasionally trespassed by the distort voice of the loudspeaker issuing commands. Coupling hoses are disconnected from the ships as they are fueled. Cockp shields roll smoothly into place over each pilot. A signa holding red guiding lights, directs the ships. Luke, a tr of a smile gracing his lips, peers about through his gogg
243) 0) text: Smoke belches from the giant laser guns as they wind up t turbine generators to create sufficient power. The crew r about preparing for another blast. Even the troopers head gear is not adequate to protect them from the overwhelmin noise of the monstrous weapon. One troopers bangs his hel with his hand in an attempt to stop the ringing.
309) 0) text: Vader lines up Gold Two in his targeting computer. Vader' hands grip the control stick as he presses the button.
375) 0) text: Vader's gloved hands make contact with the control sticks and he presses their firing buttons.
436) 2) text: Luke's hand reaches for the control panel and presses the button. The targeting device moves away.
457) 0) text: Han and Chewbacca grin from ear to ear.
457) 1) dialog: (yelling) Yahoo!
464) 1) dialog: (into mike) You're all clear, kid.
465) 1) dialog: (over speaker) Now let's blow this thing and go  home!
473) 1) dialog: Great shot, kid. That was one in a  million.
477) 3) dialog: (laughing) Hey! Hey!
477) 5) dialog: Well, I wasn't gonna let you get all  the credit and take all the reward.
477) 6) text: Luke and Han look at one another, as Solo playfully shove at Luke's face. Leia moves in between them.
478) 0) text: Luke, Han, and Chewbacca enter the huge ruins of the main temple. Hundreds of troops are lined up in neat rows. Ban are flying and at the far end stands a vision in white, t beautiful young Senator Leia. Luke and the others solemnl march up the long aisle and kneel before Senator Leia. Fr one side of the temple marches a shined-up and fully repa Artoo-Detoo. He waddles up to the group and stands next t an equally pristine Threepio, who is rather awestruck by whole event. Chewbacca is confused. Dodonna and several o dignitaries sit on the left of the Princess Leia. Leia is dressed in a long white dress and is staggeringly beautif She rises and places a gold medallion around Han's neck. winks at her. She then repeats the ceremony with Luke, wh is moved by the event. They turn and face the assembled  troops, who all bow before them. Chewbacca growls and Art beeps with happiness.