3) 0) text: A death-white wasteland stretches from horizon to horizon The tremendous heat of two huge twin suns settle on a lon figure, Luke Skywalker, a farm boy with heroic aspiration who looks much younger than his eighteen years. His shagg hair and baggy tunic give him the air of a simple but lov lad with a prize-winning smile. A light wind whips at him as he adjusts several valves on large battered moisture vaporator which sticks out of the desert floor much like an oil pipe with valves. He is aid by a beatup tread-robot with six claw arms. The little ro appears to be barely functioning and moves with jerky mot A bright sparkle in the morning sky catches Luke's eye an he instinctively grabs a pair of electrobinoculars from h utility belt. He stands transfixed for a few moments stud the heavens, then dashed toward his dented, crudely repai Landspeeder (an auto-like transport that travels a few fe above the ground on a magnetic-field). He motions for the tiny robot to follow him.
3) 1) dialog: Hurry up! Come with me! What are you  waiting for?! Get in gear!
3) 2) text: The robot scoots around in a tight circle, stops short, a smoke begins to pour out of every joint. Luke throws his  arms up in disgust. Exasperated, the young farm boy jumps into his Landspeeder leaving the smoldering robot to hum  madly.
12) 0) text: Heat waves radiate from the dozen or so bleached white  buildings. Luke pilots his Landspeeder through the dusty  empty street of the tiny settlement. An old woman runs to get out of the way of the speeding vehicle, shaking her f at Luke as he flies past.
13) 0) text: Luke bursts into the power station, waking The Fixer, a r mechanic and Camie, a sexy, disheveled girl who has been  asleep in his lap. They grumbled as he races through the  office, yelling wildly.
13) 3) text: Luke bounces into a small room behind the office where De and Windy, two tough boys about the same age as Luke, are playing a computer pool-like game with Biggs, a burly,  handsome boy a few years older than the rest. His flashy  city attire is a sharp contrast to the loose-fitting tuni of the farm boys. A robot repairs some equipment in the  background.
13) 4) dialog: Shape it up you guys!... Biggs?
13) 5) text: Luke's surprise at the appearance of Biggs gives way to g joy and emotion. They give each other a great bear hug.
13) 6) dialog: I didn't know you were back! When  did you get in?
13) 8) dialog: The Academy didn't change you  much...but you're back so soon? Hey,  what happened, didn't you get your  commission?
13) 11) text: Everyone laughs. The dazzling spectacle of his dashing fr is almost too much for Luke, but suddenly he snaps out of it.
13) 12) dialog: I almost forgot. There's a battle  going on! Right here in our system.  Come and look!
14) 2) dialog: There they are!
14) 3) text: Biggs takes the binoculars from Luke as the others strain see something with the naked eye. Through the binoculars  Biggs sees two small silver specks.
14) 5) dialog: But there was a lot of firing  earlier...
14) 6) text: Camie grabs the binoculars away banging them against the  building in the process. Luke grabs them.
14) 7) dialog: Hey, easy with those...
14) 9) text: The Fixer gives Luke a hard look and the young farm boy s his shoulders in resignation.
14) 11) text: Luke agrees, although it's obvious he isn't sure why. The group stumbles back into the power station, grumbling abo Luke's ineptitude.
19) 0) text: Luke and Biggs are walking and drinking a malt brew. Fixe and the others can be heard working inside.
19) 1) dialog: (Very animated) ...so I cut off my power, shut down  the afterburners and came in low on  Deak's trail. I was so close I thought  I was going to fry my instruments.  As it was I busted up the Skyhopper  pretty bad. Uncle Owen was pretty  upset. He grounded me for the rest  of the season. You should have been  there... it was fantastic.
19) 3) dialog: Look who's talking. Now that you've  been around those giant starships  you're beginning to sound like my  uncle. You've gotten soft in the  city...
19) 5) dialog: Well, things haven't been the same  since you left, Biggs. It's been  so... quiet.
19) 6) text: Biggs looks around then leans close to Luke.
19) 8) text: Luke's eyes are wide with Biggs' seriousness and loyalty.
19) 9) dialog: What are you talking about?
19) 11) text: Luke, amazed and stunned, is almost speechless.
19) 12) dialog: Join the Rebellion?! Are you kidding!  How?
19) 14) dialog: I'm sorry. I'm quiet. (he whispers) Listen how quiet I am. You can barely  hear me...
19) 17) dialog: You're crazy! You could wander around  forever trying to find them.
19) 19) dialog: And I'm stuck here...
19) 21) dialog: Not likely! I had to cancel my  application. There has been a lot of  unrest among the Sandpeople since  you left... they've even raided the  outskirts of Anchorhead.
19) 23) dialog: I know, but he's got enough vaporators  going to make the place pay off. He  needs me for just one more season. I  can't leave him now.
19) 25) dialog: It couldn't happen here. You said it  yourself. The Empire won't bother  with this rock.
19) 27) dialog: I wish I was going... Are you going  to be around long?
19) 29) dialog: Then I guess I won't see you.
19) 31) dialog: Well, I'll be at the Academy next  season... after that who knows. I  won't be drafted into the Imperial  Starfleet that's for sure... Take  care of yourself, you'll always be  the best friend I've got.
28) 0) text: The Jawas mutter gibberish as they busily line up their  battered captives, including Artoo and Threepio, in front the enormous Sandcrawler, which is parked beside a small  homestead consisting of three large holes in the ground  surrounded by several tall moisture vaporators and one sm adobe block house. The Jawas scurry around fussing over the robots, straight them up or brushing some dust from a dented metallic elbo The shrouded little creatures smell horribly, attracting  small insects to the dark areas when their mouths and nos should be. Out of the shadows of a dingy side-building limps Owen La a large burly man in his mid-fifties. His reddish eyes ar sunken in a dust-covered face. As the farmer carefully  inspects each robot, he is closely followed by his slump- shouldered nephew, Luke Skywalker. One of the vile little Jawas walks ahead of the farmer spouting an animated sale pitch in a queer, unintelligible language. A voice calls out from one of the huge holes that form th homestead. Luke goes over to the edge and sees his Aunt B standing in the main courtyard.
28) 2) dialog: It looks like we don't have much of  a choice but I'll remind him.
28) 3) text: Luke returns to his uncle as they look over the equipment for sale with the Jawa leader.
28) 13) dialog: But I was going into Toshi Station  to pick up some power converters...
28) 15) dialog: All right, come on! And the red one,  come on. Well, come on, Red, let's  go.
28) 16) text: As the Jawas start to lead the three remaining robots bac into the Sandcrawler, Artoo lets out a pathetic little be and starts after his old friend Threepio. He is restraine by a slimy Jawa, who zaps him with a control box. Owen is negotiating with the head Jawa. Luke and the two  robots start off for the garage when a plate pops off the head of the red astro-droid's head plate and it sparks wi
28) 17) dialog: Uncle Owen...
28) 19) dialog: This R2 unit has a bad motivator.  Look!
28) 21) text: The Jawa goes into a loud spiel. Meanwhile, Artoo has sne out of line and is moving up and down trying to attract  attention. He lets out with a low whistle. Threepio taps  Luke on the shoulder.
28) 23) dialog: Uncle Owen...
28) 25) dialog: What about that one?
28) 28) dialog: Yeah, take it away.
28) 30) text: Owen pays off the whining Jawa as Luke and the two robots trudge off toward a grimy homestead entry.
28) 31) dialog: Okay, let's go.
29) 2) text: Artoo beeps a muffled reply. Luke seems to be lost in tho as he runs his hand over the damaged fin of a small two-m Skyhopper spaceship resting in a low hangar off the garag Finally Luke's frustrations get the better of him and he  slams a wrench across the workbench.
29) 3) dialog: It just isn't fair. Oh, Biggs is  right. I'm never gonna get out of  here!
29) 5) text: Luke glances at the battered robot. A bit of his anger dr and a tiny smile creeps across his face.
29) 6) dialog: Well, not unless you can alter time,  speed up the harvest, or teleport me  off this rock!
29) 8) dialog: Well, if there's a bright center to  the universe, you're on the planet  that it's farthest from.
29) 10) dialog: Uh, you can call me Luke.
29) 12) dialog: (laughing) Just Luke.
29) 14) dialog: Hello.
29) 15) text: Artoo beeps in response. Luke unplugs Artoo and begins to scrape several connectors on the robot's head with a chro pick. Threepio climbs out of the oil tub and begins wipin oil from his bronze body.
29) 16) dialog: You got a lot of carbon scoring here.  It looks like you boys have seen a  lot of action.
29) 18) dialog: You know of the Rebellion against  the Empire?
29) 20) dialog: Have you been in many battles?
29) 22) text: Luke struggles to remove a small metal fragment from Arto neck joint. He uses a larger pick.
29) 23) dialog: Well, my little friend, you've got  something jammed in here real good.  Were you on a cruiser or...
29) 24) text: The fragment breaks loose with a snap, sending Luke tumbl head over heels. He sits up and sees a twelve-inch three- dimensional hologram of Leia Organa, the Rebel senator, b projected from the face of little Artoo. The image is a  rainbow of colors as it flickers and jiggles in the dimly lit garage. Luke's mouth hangs open in awe.
29) 26) dialog: What's this?
29) 32) text: Luke becomes intrigued by the beautiful girl.
29) 33) dialog: Who is she? She's beautiful.
29) 37) dialog: Is there more to this recording?
29) 38) text: Luke reaches out for Artoo but he lets out several franti squeaks and a whistle.
29) 42) dialog: Obi-Wan Kenobi? I wonder if he means  old Ben Kenobi?
29) 44) dialog: Well, I don't know anyone named Obi- Wan, but old Ben lives out beyond  the dune sea. He's kind of a strange  old hermit.
29) 45) text: Luke's gazes at the beautiful young princess for a few  moments.
29) 46) dialog: I wonder who she is. It sounds like  she's in trouble. I'd better play  back the whole thing.
29) 49) text: Luke looks longingly at the lovely, little princess and h really heard what Threepio has been saying.
29) 50) dialog: H'm? Oh, yeah, well, I guess you're  too small to run away on me if I  take this off! Okay.
29) 51) text: Luke takes a wedged bar and pops the restraining bolt off Artoo's side.
29) 52) dialog: There you go.
29) 54) dialog: Well, wait a minute. Where'd she go?  Bring her back! Play back the entire  message.
29) 59) text: Luke stands up and shakes his head at the malfunctioning  robot.
29) 60) dialog: All right, I'll be right there, Aunt  Beru.
29) 62) text: Luke tosses Artoo's restraining bolt on the workbench and hurries out of the room.
29) 63) dialog: Well, see what you can do with him.  I'll be right back.
30) 0) text: Luke's Aunt Beru, a warm, motherly woman, fills a pitcher with blue fluid from a refrigerated container in the well used kitchen. She puts the pitcher on a tray with some bo of food and starts for the dining area. Luke sits with his Uncle Owen before a table covered with steaming bowls of food as Aunt Beru carries in a bowl of grain.
30) 1) dialog: You know, I think that R2 unit we  bought might have been stolen.
30) 3) dialog: Well, I stumbled across a recording  while I was cleaning him. He says he  belongs to someone called Obi-Wan  Kenobi.
30) 5) dialog: I thought he might have meant old  Ben. Do you know what he's talking  about? Well, I wonder if he's related  to Ben.
30) 8) dialog: But what if this Obi-Wan comes looking  for him?
30) 10) dialog: He knew my father?
30) 12) dialog: Yes, sir. I think those new droids  are going to work out fine. In fact,  I, uh, was also thinking about our  agreement about my staying on another  season. And if these new droids do  work out, I want to transmit my  application to the Academy this year.
30) 15) dialog: Sure, there're more than enough  droids.
30) 17) text: Luke continues to toy with his food, not looking at his u
30) 19) dialog: But it's a whole 'nother year.
30) 21) text: Luke pushes his half-eaten plate of food aside and stands
30) 22) dialog: Yeah, that's what you said last year  when Biggs and Tank left.
30) 24) dialog: It looks like I'm going nowhere. I  have to finish cleaning those droids.
30) 25) text: Resigned to his fate, Luke paddles out of the room. Owen  mechanically finishes his dinner.
31) 0) text: The giant twin suns of Tatooine slowly disappear behind a distant dune range. Luke stands watching them for a few  moments, then reluctantly enters the doomed entrance to t homestead.
32) 0) text: Luke enters the garage to discover the robots nowhere in  sight. He takes a small control box from his utility belt similar to the one the Jawas were carrying. He activates box, which creates a low hum, and Threepio, letting out a short yell, pops up from behind the Skyhopper spaceship.
32) 1) dialog: What are you doing hiding there?
32) 4) dialog: Oh, no!
32) 5) text: Luke races out of the garage followed by Threepio.
33) 0) text: Luke rushes out of the small doomed entry to the homestea and searches the darkening horizon for the small triped a robot. Threepio struggles out of the homestead and on the salt flat as Luke scans the landscape with his  electrobinoculars.
33) 2) dialog: How could I be so stupid? He's nowhere  in sight. Blast it!
33) 4) dialog: It's too dangerous with all the  Sandpeople around. We'll have to  wait until morning.
33) 7) dialog: All right, I'll be there in a few  minutes. Boy, am I gonna get it.
33) 9) dialog: You know that little droid is going  to cause me a lot of trouble.
37) 2) dialog: (yelling) How's that.
37) 3) text: Threepio signals that is fine and Luke turns back into th wind-whipped cockpit and pops the canopy shut.
37) 4) dialog: Old Ben Kenobi lives out in this  direction somewhere, but I don't see  how that R2 unit could have come  this far. We must have missed him.  Uncle Owen isn't going to take this  very well.
37) 6) dialog: (brightening) Sure. He needs you. He'd probably  only deactivate you for a day or  so...
37) 8) dialog: Wait, there's something dead ahead  on the scanner. It looks like our  droid... hit the accelerator.
40) 1) dialog: Hey, whoa, just where do you think  you're going?
40) 4) dialog: Well, come on. It's getting late. I  only hope we can get back before  Uncle Owen really blows up.
40) 6) dialog: No, he's not going to try anything.
40) 8) dialog: What's wrong with him now?
40) 10) text: Luke swings his rifle into position and looks to the sout
40) 11) dialog: Sandpeople! Or worst! Come on, let's  have a look. Come on.
41) 0) text: Luke carefully makes his way to the top of a rock ridge a scans the canyon with his electrobinoculars. He spots the two riderless Banthas. Threepio struggles up behind the y adventurer.
41) 1) dialog: There are two Banthas down there but  I don't see any... wait a second,  they're Sandpeople all right. I can  see one of them now.
41) 2) text: Luke watches the distant Tusken Raider through his  electrobinoculars. Suddenly something huge moves in front his field of view. Before Luke or Threepio can react, a l gruesome Tusken Raider looms over them. Threepio is start and backs away, right off the side if the cliff. He can b heard for several moments as he clangs, bangs and rattles down the side of the mountain. The towering creature brings down his curved, double-poin gaderffii -- the dreaded axe blade that has struck terror the heart of the local settlers. But Luke manages to bloc the blow with his laser rifle, which is smashed to pieces The terrified farm boy scrambles backward until he is for to the edge of a deep crevice. The sinister Raider stands over him with his weapon raised and lets out a horrible  shrieking laugh.
42) 0) text: Artoo forces himself into the shadows of a small alcove i the rocks as the vicious Sandpeople walk past carrying th inert Luke Skywalker, who is dropped in a heap before the speeder.  The Sandpeople ransack the speeder, throwing pa and supplies in all directions. Suddenly they stop. Then  everything is quiet for a few moments. A great howling mo is heard echoing throughout the canyon which sends the  Sandpeople fleeing in terror. Artoo moves even tighter into the shadows as the slight  swishing sound that frightened off the Sandpeople grows e closer, until a shabby old desert-rat-of-a-man appears an leans over Luke. His ancient leathery face, cracked and  weathered by exotic climates is set off by dark, penetrat eyes and a scraggly white beard. Ben Kenobi squints his e as he scrutinizes the unconscious farm boy. Artoo makes a slight sound and Ben turns and looks right at him.
42) 2) text: Artoo waddles over to were Luke lies crumpled in a heap a begins to whistle and beep his concern. Ben puts his hand Luke's forehead and he begins to come around.
42) 4) dialog: What happened?
42) 6) dialog: Ben? Ben Kenobi! Boy, am I glad to  see you!
42) 8) dialog: Oh, this little droid! I think he's  searching for his former master...  I've never seen such devotion in a  droid before... there seems to be no  stopping him. He claims to be the  property of an Obi-Wan Kenobi. Is he  a relative of yours? Do you know who  he's talking about?
42) 11) dialog: I think my uncle knew him. He said  he was dead.
42) 13) dialog: You know him!
42) 15) dialog: Then the droid does belong to you.
42) 19) text: Luke sits up and rubs his head. Artoo lets out a pathetic beep causing Luke to remember something. He looks around.
42) 20) dialog: Threepio!
43) 0) text: Little Artoo stands at the edge of a large sand pit and b to chatter away in electronic whistles and beeps. Luke an Ben stand over a very dented and tangled Threepio lying h buried in the sand. One of his arms has broken off. Luke tries to revive the inert robot by shaking him and t flips a hidden switch on his back several times until fin the mechanical man's systems turn on.
43) 2) dialog: Can you stand? We've got to get out  of here before the Sandpeople return.
43) 5) dialog: No, you're not. What kind of talk is  that?
43) 6) text: Luke and Ben help the battered robot to his feet. Little  Artoo watches from the top of the pit. Ben glances around suspiciously. Sensing something, he stands up and sniffs air.
44) 0) text: The small, spartan hovel is cluttered with desert junk bu still manages to radiate an air of time-worn comfort and  security. Luke is in one corner repairing Threepio's arm, old Ben sits thinking.
44) 1) dialog: No, my father didn't fight in the  wars. He was a navigator on a spice  freighter.
44) 3) dialog: You fought in the Clone Wars?
44) 5) dialog: I wish I'd known him.
44) 7) text: Ben gets up and goes to a chest where he rummages around. As Luke finishes repairing Threepio and starts to fit the restraining bolt back on, Threepio looks at him nervously Luke thinks about the bolt for a moment then puts it on t table. Ben shuffles up and presents Luke with a short han with several electronic gadgets attached to it.
44) 10) dialog: Sure, go ahead.
44) 11) text: Ben hands Luke the saber.
44) 12) dialog: What is it?
44) 14) text: Luke pushes a button on the handle. A long beam shoots ou about four feet and flickers there. The light plays acros the ceiling.
44) 16) text: Luke hasn't really been listening.
44) 17) dialog: How did my father die?
44) 19) dialog: The Force?
44) 23) dialog: I saw part of the message he was...
44) 24) text: Luke is cut short as the recorded image of the beautiful  young Rebel princess is projected from Artoo's face.
44) 26) text: Luke stops his work as the lovely girl's image flickers b his eyes.
44) 28) text: There is a little static and the transmission is cut shor Old Ben leans back and scratches his head. He silently pu on a tarnished chrome water pipe. Luke has stars in his e
44) 30) dialog: (laughing) Alderaan? I'm not going to Alderaan.  I've got to go home. It's late, I'm  in for it as it is.
44) 32) dialog: I can't get involved! I've got work  to do! It's not that I like the  Empire. I hate it! But there's nothing  I can do about it right now. It's  such a long way from here.
44) 34) dialog: (sighing) Oh, God, my uncle. How am I ever  going to explain this?
44) 36) dialog: Look, I can take you as far as  Anchorhead. You can get a transport  there to Mos Eisley or wherever you're  going.
47) 0) text: The speeder stops before what remains of the huge Jawas  Sandcrawler. Luke and Ben walk among the smoldering rubbl and scattered bodies.
47) 1) dialog: It looks like Sandpeople did this,  all right. Look, here are Gaffi  sticks, Bantha tracks. It's just...  I never heard of them hitting anything  this big before.
47) 4) dialog: These are the same Jawas that sold  us Artoo and Threepio.
47) 6) dialog: Why would Imperial troops want to  slaughter Jawas?
47) 7) text: Luke looks back at the speeder where Artoo and Threepio a inspecting the dead Jawas, and put two and two together.
47) 8) dialog: If they traced the robots here, they  may have learned who they sold them  to. And that would lead them home!
47) 9) text: Luke reaches a sudden horrible realization, then races fo the speeder and jumps it.
47) 11) text: Luke races off leaving Ben and the two robots alone with burning Sandcrawler.
48) 0) text: Luke races across the wasteland in his battered Landspeed
49) 0) text: The speeder roars up to the burning homestead. Luke jumps out and runs to the smoking holes that were once his home Debris is scattered everywhere and it looks as if a great battle has taken place.
49) 1) dialog: Uncle Owen! Aunt Beru! Uncle Owen!
49) 2) text: Luke stumbles around in a daze looking for his aunt and u Suddenly he comes upon their smoldering remains. He is  stunned, and cannot speak. Hate replaces fear and a new  resolve comes over him.
52) 0) text: There is a large bonfire of Jawa bodies blazing in front the Sandcrawler as Ben and the robots finish burning the  dead.  Luke drives up in the speeder and Ben walks over t him.
52) 2) dialog: I want to come with you to Alderaan.  There's nothing here for me now. I  want to learn the ways of the Force  and become a Jedi like my father.
53) 0) text: The Landspeeder with Luke, Artoo, Threepio, and Ben in it zooms across the desert. The speeder stops on a bluff  overlooking the spaceport at Mos Eisley. It is a haphazar array of low, grey, concrete structures and semi-domes. A harsh gale blows across the stark canyon floor. Luke adju his goggles and walks to the edge of the craggy bluff whe Ben is standing.
53) 2) text: Ben looks over at Luke, who gives the old Jedi a determin smile.
54) 0) text: The speeder is stopped on a crowded street by several com hardend stormtroopers who look over the two robots. A Tro questions Luke.
54) 2) dialog: About three or four seasons.
54) 5) text: Luke becomes very nervous as he fumbles to find his ID wh Ben speaks to the Trooper in a very controlled voice.
55) 2) text: As Luke gets out of the speeder he tries to shoo the Jawa away.
55) 3) dialog: Go on, go on. I can't understand how  we got by those troopers. I thought  we were dead.
55) 5) dialog: Do you really think we're going to  find a pilot here that'll take us to  Alderaan?
55) 7) dialog: I'm ready for anything.
56) 0) text: The young adventurer and his two mechanical servants foll Ben Kenobi into the smoke-filled cantina. The murky, mold den is filled with a startling array of weird and exotic  alien creatures and monsters at the long metallic bar. At first the sight is horrifying. One-eyed, thousand-eyed, s furry, scaly, tentacled, and clawed creatures huddle over drinks. Ben moves to an empty spot at the bar near a grou of repulsive but human scum. A huge, rough-looking Barten stops Luke and the robots.
56) 2) text: Luke still recovering from the shock of seeing so many  outlandish creatures, doesn't quite catch the bartender's drift.
56) 3) dialog: What?
56) 5) text: Luke looks at old Ben, who is busy talking to one of the  Galactic pirates. He notices several of the gruesome crea along the bar are giving him a very unfriendly glare. Luke pats Threepio on the shoulder.
56) 6) dialog: Listen, why don't you wait out by  the speeder. We don't want any  trouble.
56) 8) text: Threepio and his stubby partner go outside and most of th creatures at the bar go back to their drinks. Ben is standing next to Chewbacca, an eight-foot-tall sav looking creature resembling a huge grey bushbaby monkey w fierce baboon-like fangs. His large blue eyes dominate a covered face and soften his otherwise awesome appearance. Over his matted, furry body he wears two chrome bandolier and little else. He is a two-hundred-year-old Wookiee and sight to behold. Ben speaks to the Wookiee, pointing to Luke several times during his conversation and the huge creature suddenly le out a horrifying laugh. Luke is more than a little bit  disconcerted and pretends not to hear the conversation be Ben and the giant Wookiee. Luke is terrified but tries not to show it. He quietly si his drink, looking over the crowd for a more sympathetic or whatever. A large, multiple-eyed Creature gives Luke a rough shove.
56) 10) text: The hideous freak is obviously drunk. Luke tries to ignor the creature and turns back on his drink. A short, grubby Human and an even smaller rodent-like beast join the  belligerent monstrosity.
56) 12) dialog: I'm sorry.
56) 16) dialog: I'll be careful than.
56) 18) text: The rodent lets out a loud grunt and everything at the ba moves away. Luke tries to remain cool but it isn't easy. three adversaries ready their weapons. Old Ben moves in b Luke.
56) 22) text: With astounding agility old Ben's laser sword sparks to l and in a flash an arm lies on the floor. The rodent is cu in two and the giant multiple-eyed creature lies doubled, cut from chin to groin. Ben carefully and precisely turns off his laser sword and replaces it on his utility belt.  Luke, shaking and totally amazed at the old man's abiliti attempts to stand. The entire fight has lasted only a mat of seconds. The cantina goes back to normal, although Ben given a respectable amount of room at the bar. Luke, rubb his bruised head, approaches the old man with new awe. Be points the the Wookiee.
58) 0) text: Strange creatures play exotic big band music on odd-looki instruments as Luke, still giddy, downs a fresh drink and follows Ben and Chewbacca to a booth where Han Solo is  sitting. Han is a tough, roguish starpilot about thirty y old. A mercenary on a starship, he is simple, sentimental and cocksure.
58) 12) dialog: Ten thousand? We could almost buy  our own ship for that!
58) 14) dialog: You bet I could. I'm not such a bad  pilot myself! We don't have to sit  here and listen...
58) 21) text: Ben and Luke turn around to see four Imperial stormtroope looking at the dead bodies and asking the bartenders some questions. The bartender points to the booth.
58) 23) text: The stormtroopers look over at the booth but Luke and Ben are gone. The bartender shrugs his shoulders in puzzlemen
59) 2) dialog: That's okay. I'm never coming back  to this planet again.
64) 2) dialog: He says it's the best he can do.  Since the XP-38 came out, they're  just not in demand.
64) 4) text: Ben and Luke leave the speeder lot and walk down the dust alleyway past a small robot herding a bunch of anteater-l creatures. Luke turns and gives one last forlorn look at faithful speeder as he rounds a corner. A darkly clad cre moves out of the shadows as they pass and watches them as they disappear down another alley.
66) 0) text: Chewbacca waits restlessly at the entrance to Docking Bay 94.  Ben, Luke, and the robots make their way up the stre Chewbacca jabbers excitedly and signals for them to hurry The darkly clad creature has followed them from the speed lot.  He stops in a nearby doorway and speaks into a smal transmitter.
67) 1) dialog: What a piece of junk.
67) 4) text: Luke scratches his head. It's obvious he isn't sure about all this. Chewbacca rushes up the ramp and urges the othe to follow.
69) 0) text: Luke, Ben, Threepio, and Artoo move toward the Millennium Falcon passing Solo.
78) 0) text: Over the shoulders of Chewbacca and Han, we can see the g spread before them. Luke and Ben make their way into the  cramped cockpit where Han continues his calculation.
78) 2) dialog: Why don't you outrun them? I thought  you said this thing was fast.
80) 5) dialog: Are you kidding? At the rate they're  gaining...
80) 8) dialog: What's that flashing?
85) 0) text: Ben watches Luke practice the lightsaber with a small "se robot. Ben suddenly turns away and sits down. He falters, seems almost faint.
85) 1) dialog: Are you all right? What's wrong?
85) 3) text: Ben rubs his forehead. He seems to drift into a trance. T he fixes his gaze on Luke.
85) 7) text: Luke is once again practicing with the lightsaber.
85) 19) text: Luke stands in the middle of the small hold area; he seem frozen in place. A humming lightsaber is held high over h head. Ben watches him from the corner, studying his movem Han watches with a bit of smugness.
85) 21) dialog: You mean it controls your actions?
85) 23) text: Suspended at eye level, about ten feet in front of Luke, "seeker", a chrome baseball-like robot covered with anten hovers slowly in a wide arc. The ball floats to one side the youth then the other. Suddenly it makes a lightning-s lunge and stops within a few feet of Luke's face. Luke do move and the ball backs off. It slowly moves behind the b then makes another quick lunge, this time emitting a bloo red laser beam as it attacks. It hits Luke in the leg cau him to tumble over. Han lets loose with a burst of laught
85) 25) dialog: You don't believe in the Force, do  you?
85) 30) text: Ben places a large helmet on Luke's head which covers his eyes.
85) 32) dialog: (laughing) With the blast shield down, I can't  even see. How am I supposed to fight?
85) 34) text: Han skeptically shakes his head as Ben throws the seeker  into the air. The ball shoots straight up in the air, the drops like a rock. Luke swings the lightsaber around blin missing the seeker, which fires off a laserbolt which hit Luke square on the seat of the pants. He lets out a painf yell and attempts to hit the seeker.
85) 36) text: Luke stands in one place, seemingly frozen. The seeker ma a dive at Luke and, incredibly, he managed to deflect the bolt. The ball ceases fire and moves back to its original position.
85) 44) dialog: You know, I did feel something. I  could almost see the remote.
88) 4) text: The Wookiee flips off several controls and seems very coo in the emergency. Luke makes his way into the bouncing  cockpit.
88) 5) dialog: What's going on?
88) 7) dialog: What do you mean? Where is it?
88) 9) dialog: What? How?
88) 10) text: Ben moves into the cockpit behind Luke as the ship begins settle down.
88) 15) dialog: Maybe they know what happened.
88) 18) dialog: It followed us!
90) 1) dialog: It sure is leaving in a big hurry.  If they identify us, we're in big  trouble.
92) 2) dialog: It must have gotten lost, been part  of a convoy or something.
94) 1) dialog: Look at him. He's headed for that  small moon.
94) 6) dialog: I have a very bad feeling about this.
94) 9) dialog: Why are we still moving towards it?
94) 11) dialog: But there's gotta be something you  can do!
102) 0) text: A trooper runs through the hallway heading for the exit. a few moments all is quiet. The muffled sounds of a dista officer giving orders finally fade. Two floor panels sudd pop up revealing Han Solo and Luke. Ben Kenobi sticks his head out of a third locker.
102) 1) dialog: Boy, it's lucky you had these  compartments.
104) 4) text: As the officer approaches the door, it slides open reveal the towering Chewbacca. The gantry officer, in a momentar state of shock, stumbles backward. With a bone- chilling  howl, the giant Wookiee flattens the officer with one blo The aide immediately reaches for his pistol, but is blast by Han, dressed as an Imperial stormtrooper. Ben and the  robots enter the room quickly followed by Luke, also dres as a stormtrooper. Luke quickly removes his helmet.
104) 5) dialog: You know, between his howling and  your blasting everything in sight,  it's a wonder the whole station  doesn't know we're here.
104) 17) dialog: I want to go with you.
104) 19) dialog: But he can...
104) 23) text: Han looks at Luke.
104) 25) dialog: Ben is a great man.
104) 27) dialog: I didn't hear you give any ideas...
104) 29) dialog: Who do you think...
104) 30) text: Suddenly Artoo begins to whistle and beep a blue streak. Luke goes over to him.
104) 31) dialog: What is it?
104) 33) dialog: Well, who... who has he found?
104) 36) dialog: The princess? She's here?
104) 39) dialog: Oh, no! We've got to do something.
104) 41) dialog: The droid belongs to her. She's the  one in the message... We've got to  help her.
104) 43) dialog: But he didn't know she was here.  Look, will you just find a way back  into the detention block?
104) 45) dialog: They're going to execute her. Look,  a few minutes ago you said you didn't  want to just wait here to be captured.  Now all you want to do is stay.
104) 47) dialog: But they're going to kill her!
104) 49) dialog: She's rich.
104) 52) dialog: Yes. Rich, powerful! Listen, if you  were to rescue her, the reward would  be...
104) 54) dialog: Well more wealth that you can imagine.
104) 56) dialog: You'll get it!
104) 58) dialog: You will...
104) 61) dialog: All right.
104) 63) dialog: Uh... Threepio, hand me those binders  there will you?
104) 64) text: Luke moves toward Chewbacca with electronic cuffs.
104) 65) dialog: Okay. Now, I'm going to put these on  you.
104) 67) dialog: Okay. Han, you put these on.
104) 68) text: Luke sheepishly hands the binders to Han.
104) 72) dialog: Lock the door!
104) 75) text: Luke and Han put on their armored stormtrooper helmets an start off into the giant Imperial Death Star.
105) 0) text: Han and Luke try to look inconspicuous in their armored s as they wait for a vacuum elevator to arrive. Troops,  bureaucrats, and robots bustle about, ignoring the trio  completely. Only a few give the giant Wookiee a curious  glance. Finally a small elevator arrives and the trio enters.
105) 1) dialog: I can't see a thing in this helmet.
107) 3) dialog: Why didn't you say so before?
108) 3) dialog: Prisoner transfer from Block one-one- three-eight.
108) 5) text: The officer goes back to his console and begins to punch the information. There are only three other troopers in t area. Luke and Han survey the situation, checking all of alarms, laser gates, and camera eyes. Han unfastens one o Chewbacca's electronic cuffs and shrugs to Luke. Suddenly Chewbacca throws up his hands and lets out with of his ear-piercing howls. He grabs Han's laser rifle.
108) 7) dialog: He's going to pull us all apart.
108) 9) text: The startled guards are momentarily dumbfounded. Luke and Han have already pulled out their laser pistols and are  blasting away at the terrifying Wookiee. Their barrage of laserfire misses Chewbacca, but hits the camera eyes, las gate controls, and the Imperial guards. The officer is th last of the guards to fall under the laserfire just as he about to push the alarm system. Han rushes to the comlink system, which is screeching questions about what is going on.  He quickly checks the computer readout.
108) 11) text: Luke races down one of the cell corridors. Han speaks int the buzzing comlink.
109) 0) text: Luke stops in front of one of the cells and blasts the do away with a laser pistol. When the smoke clears, Luke see the dazzling young princess-senator. She had been sleepin and is now looking at him with an uncomprehending look on her face. Luke is stunned by her incredible beauty and st staring at her with his mouth hanging open.
109) 2) text: Luke takes off his helmet, coming out of it.
109) 3) dialog: What? Oh... the uniform. I'm Luke  Skywalker. I'm here to rescue you.
109) 5) dialog: I'm here to rescue you. I've got  your R2 unit. I'm here with Ben  Kenobi.
109) 7) dialog: Come on!
111) 4) text: A series of explosions knock a hole in the elevator door  through which several Imperial troops begin to emerge. Han and Chewie fire laser pistols at them through the smo and flame. They turn and run down the cell hallway, meeti up with Luke and Leia rushing toward them.
111) 8) text: Luke takes a small comlink transmitter from his belt as t continue to exchange fire with stormtroopers making their way down the corridor.
111) 9) dialog: See-Threepio! See-Threepio!
111) 11) dialog: We've been cut off! Are there any  other ways out of the cell bay?...  What was that? I didn't copy!
113) 0) text: Luke and Leia crouch together in an alcove for protection they continue to exchange fire with troops. Han and Chewb are barely able to keep the stormtroopers at bay at the f and of the hallway. The laserfire is very intense, and sm fills the narrow cell corridor.
113) 1) dialog: There isn't any other way out.
113) 5) text: Luke manages a sheepish grin and shrugs his shoulders.
113) 6) dialog: Well, I didn't...
113) 7) text: The princess grabs Luke's gun and fires at a small grate the wall next to Han, almost frying him.
113) 12) text: Han gives him a kick and the Wookiee disappears into the  tiny opening. Luke and Han continue firing as they work t way toward the opening.
113) 14) text: Luke ducks laserfire as he jumps into the darkness. Han f off a couple of quick blasts creating a smokey cover, the slides into the chute himself and is gone.
114) 0) text: Han tumbles into the large room filled with garbage and m Luke is already stumbling around looking for an exit. He  finds a small hatchway and struggles to get it open. It w budge.
114) 2) dialog: No! wait!
114) 4) dialog: Will you forget it? I already tried  it. It's magnetically sealed!
114) 8) text: A loud, horrible, inhuman moan works its way up from the  murky depths. Chewbacca lets out a terrified howl and beg to back away. Han and Luke stand fast with their laser pi drawn. The Wookiee is cowering near one of the walls.
114) 10) dialog: There's something alive in here!
114) 12) dialog: Something just moves past my leg!  Look! Did you see that?
114) 14) dialog: Help!
114) 15) text: Suddenly Luke is yanked under the garbage.
114) 17) text: Solo tries to get to Luke. Luke surfaces with a gasp of a and thrashing of limbs. A membrane tentacle is wrapped ar his throat.
114) 21) dialog: Blast it, will you! My gun's jammed.
114) 23) dialog: Anywhere! Oh!!
114) 24) text: Solo fires his gun downward. Luke is pulled back into the muck by the slimy tentacle.
114) 26) text: Suddenly the walls of the garbage receptacle shudder and  move in a couple of inches. Then everything is deathly qu Han and Leia give each other a worried look as Chewbacca  howls in the corner. With a rush of bubbles and muck Luke suddenly bobs to the surface.
114) 28) text: Luke seems to be released by the thing.
114) 30) dialog: I don't know, it just let go of me  and disappeared...
114) 33) dialog: The walls are moving!
114) 36) dialog: Wait a minute!
114) 37) text: Luke pulls out his comlink.
114) 38) dialog: Threepio! Come in Threepio! Threepio!  Where could he be?
115) 0) text: A soft buzzer and the muted voice of Luke calling out for See-Threepio can be heard on Threepio's hand comlink, whi is sitting on the deserted computer console. Artoo and  Threepio are nowhere in sight. Suddenly there is a great  explosion and the door of the control tower flies across floor. Four armed stormtroopers enter the chamber.
116) 0) text: As the walls rumble closed, the room gets smaller and sma Chewie is whining and trying to hold a wall back with his giant paws. Han is leaning back against the other wall. Garbage is  snapping and popping. Luke is trying to reach Threepio.
116) 1) dialog: Threepio! Come in, Threepio! Threepio!
116) 5) dialog: Where could he be? Threepio! Threepio,  will you come in?
120) 0) text: Meanwhile, Luke is lying on his side, trying to keep his  head above the rising ooze. Luke's comlink begins to buzz and he rips it off his belt.
121) 0) text: Muffled sounds of Luke's voice over the comlink can be he but not distinctly.
122) 1) dialog: Threepio!
123) 2) dialog: (over comlink) Will you shut up and listen to me?  Shut down all garbage mashers on the  detention level, will you? Do you  copy?
124) 1) dialog: Shut down all the garbage mashers on  the detention level.
125) 1) dialog: (over comlink) Shut down all the garbage mashers on  the detention level.
125) 3) text: Threepio holds his head in agony as he hears the incredib screaming and hollering from Luke's comlink.
125) 5) dialog: (over comlink) Threepio, we're all right!
126) 1) dialog: We're all right. You did great.
126) 2) text: Luke moves to the pressure sensitive hatch, looking for a number.
126) 3) dialog: Hey... hey, open the pressure  maintenance hatch on unit number...  where are we?
129) 0) text: The group exits the garbage room into a dusty, unused hal Han and Luke remove the trooper suits and strap on the bl belts.
129) 2) text: Luke smiles and scratches his head as he takes a blaster  from Solo.
129) 3) dialog: Well, let's get moving!
129) 8) text: Han fires at the doorway. The noise of the blast echoes  relentlessly throughout the empty passageway. Luke simply shakes his head in disgust.
129) 16) text: Han watches her start away. He looks at Luke.
131) 0) text: Luke, Han, Chewbacca, and Leia run down an empty hallway stop before a bay window overlooking the pirateship. Troo are milling about the ship. Luke takes out his pocket com
131) 2) dialog: See-Threepio, do you copy?
131) 4) dialog: We're right above you. Stand by.
131) 12) dialog: Where are you going? Come back!
131) 15) dialog: What good will it do us if he gets  himself killed? Come on!
131) 16) text: Luke is furious but doesn't have time to think about it f muted alarms begin to go off down on the hangar deck. Luk and Leia start off toward the starship hangar.
134) 0) text: Luke fires his laser pistol wildly as he and Leia rush do a narrow subhallway, chased by several stormtroopers. The quickly reach the end of the subhallway and race through open hatchway.
135) 0) text: Luke and Leia race through the hatch onto a narrow bridge that spans a huge, deep shaft that seems to go into infin The bridge has been retracted into the wall of the shaft, and Luke almost rushes into the abyss. He loses his balan off the end of the bridge as Leia, behind him, takes hold his arm and pulls him back.
135) 1) dialog: (gasping) I think we took a wrong turn.
135) 2) text: Blasts from the stormtroopers' laser guns explode nearby  reminding them of the oncoming danger. Luke fires back at the advancing troops. Leia reaches over and hits a switch that pops the hatch door shut with a resounding boom, lea them precariously perched on a short piece of bridge over Laserfire from the troopers continues to hit the steel do
135) 4) text: Luke blasts the controls with his laser pistol.
135) 5) dialog: That oughta hold it for a while.
135) 7) dialog: Oh, I think I just blasted it.
135) 8) text: Luke looks at the blasted bridge control while the  stormtroopers on the opposite side of the door begin maki ominous drilling and pounding sounds.
135) 10) text: Luke notices something on his stormtrooper belt, when  laserfire hits the wall behind him. Luke aims his laser p at a stormtrooper perched on a higher bridge overhang acr the abyss from them. They exchange fire. Two more troops  appear on another overhang, also firing. A trooper is hit and grabs at his chest. Another trooper standing on the bridge overhang is hit by Luke's laserfire, and plummets down the shaft. Troopers m back off the bridge; Luke hands the gun to Leia.
135) 11) dialog: Here, hold this.
135) 12) text: Luke pulls a thin nylon cable from his trooper utility be It has a grappler hook on it. A trooper appears on a brid overhang and fires at Luke and Leia. As Luke works with t rope, Leia returns the laser volley. Another trooper appe and fires at them, as Leia returns his fire as well.   Suddenly, the hatch door begins to open, revealing the fe of more troops.
135) 14) text: Leia hits one of the stormtroopers on the bridge above, a he falls into the abyss. Luke tosses the rope across the  gorge and it wraps itself around an outcropping of pipes. tugs on the rope to make sure it is secure, then grabs th princess in his arms. Leia looks at Luke, then kisses him quickly on the lips. Luke is very surprised.
135) 16) text: Luke pushes off and they swing across the treacherous aby to the corresponding hatchway on the opposite side. Just Luke and Leia reach the far side of the canyon, the  stormtroopers break through the hatch and begin to fire a the escaping duo. Luke returns the fire before ducking in the tiny subhallway.
140) 2) text: Chewbacca growls a reply, as Luke and the princess join t
140) 5) dialog: Is the ship all right?
141) 0) text: Vader and Ben Kenobi continue their powerful duel. As the hit their lightsabers together, lightning flashes on impa Troopers look on in interest as the old Jedi and Dark Lor of The Sith fight. Suddenly Luke spots the battle from hi group's vantage point.
141) 1) dialog: Look!
141) 2) text: Luke, Leia, Han, and Chewie look up and see Ben and Vader emerging from the hallways on the far side of the docking bay.
143) 0) text: Solo, Chewie, Luke, and Leia tensely watch the duel. The  troops rush toward the battling knights.
143) 2) text: They start for the Millennium Falcon. Ben sees the troops charging toward him and realizes that he is trapped. Vade takes advantage of Ben's momentary distraction and brings his mighty lightsaber down on the old man. Ben manages to deflect the blow and swiftly turns around. The old Jedi Knight looks over his shoulder at Luke, lift his sword from Vader's then watches his opponent with a s look on his face. Vader brings his sword down, cutting old Ben in half. Ben cloak falls to the floor in two parts, but Ben is not in Vader is puzzled at Ben's disappearance and pokes at the  empty cloak. As the guards are distracted, the adventurer and the robots reach the starship. Luke sees Ben cut in t and starts for him. Aghast, he yells out.
143) 3) dialog: No!
143) 4) text: The stormtroopers turn toward Luke and begin firing at hi The robots are already moving up the ramp into the Millen Falcon, while Luke, transfixed by anger and awe, returns  their fire. Solo joins in the laserfire. Vader looks up a advances toward them, as one of his troopers is struck do
143) 8) text: Luke fires his pistol at the door control panel, and it  explodes. The door begins to slide shut. Three troopers c forward firing laser bolts, as the door slides to a close behind them, shutting Vader and the other troops out of t docking bay. A stormtrooper lies dead at the feet of his  onrushing compatriots. Luke starts for the advancing troo as Solo and Leia move up the ramp into the pirateship. He fires, hitting a stormtrooper, who crumbles to the floor.
143) 10) text: Luke looks around to see where the voice came from. He tu toward the pirateship, ducking Imperial gunfire from the  troopers and races into the ship.
146) 0) text: Luke, saddened by the loss of Obi-Wan Kenobi, stares off  blankly as the robots look on. Leia puts a blanket around him protectively, and Luke turns and looks up at her. She sits down beside him.
148) 0) text: Luke looks downward sadly, shaking his head back and fort as the princess smiles comfortingly at him.
148) 1) dialog: I can't believe he's gone.
148) 4) text: Han rushes into the hold area where Luke is sitting with princess.
150) 0) text: Luke gets up and moves out toward the gunports as Leia he for the cockpit.
151) 0) text: Luke climbs down the ladder into the gunport cockpit, set into one of the two main laser cannons mounted in large  rotating turrets on either side of the ship.
155) 0) text: Luke sits in readiness for the attack, his hand on the la cannon's control button. INT. MILLENNIUM FALCON - COCKPIT. Chewbacca spots the enemy ships and barks.
160) 0) text: A TIE fighter maneuvers in front of Han, who follows it a fires at it with the laser cannon. Luke does likewise, as the fighter streaks into view. The ship has suffered a mi hit, and bounces slightly.
162) 0) text: Luke fires at an unseen fighter.
162) 1) dialog: They're coming in too fast!
169) 0) text: Luke swivels in his gun mount, following the TIE fighter  with his laser cannon.
174) 0) text: Luke follows the TIE fighter across his field of view, fi laserbeams from his cannon.
176) 0) text: Luke fires at a TIE fighter. At his port, Han follows a  fighter in his sights, releasing a blast of laserfire. He connects, and the fighter explodes into fiery dust. Han l victoriously.
178) 0) text: Another TIE fighter moves in on the pirateship and Luke,  smiling, fires the laser cannon at it, scoring a spectacu direct hit.
178) 1) dialog: Got him! I got him!
178) 2) text: Han turns and gives Luke a victory wave which Luke gleefu returns.
182) 0) text: Luke and Han look into their respective projected target  screens. An Imperial fighter crosses Solo's port, and Han swivels in his chair, following it with blasts from his l cannon. Another fighter crosses Luke's port, and he react in a like manner, the glow of his target screen lighting face.
184) 0) text: Luke fires a laserblast at the approaching enemy fighter, and it bursts into a spectacular explosion. Luke's projec screen gives a readout of the hit. The pirateship bounces slightly as it is struck by the enemy fire.
186) 1) dialog: (laughing) That's it! We did it!
190) 12) text: She angrily turns, and as she starts out of the cockpit,  passes Luke coming in.
190) 14) dialog: I care!
190) 15) text: Luke, shaking his head, sits in the copilot seat. He and stare out at the vast blackness of space.
190) 16) dialog: So... what do you think of her, Han?
190) 18) dialog: (under his breath) Good...
190) 20) dialog: No!
190) 21) text: Luke says it with finality and looks away. Han smiles at  young Luke's jealousy.
194) 0) text: Rotting in a forest of gargantuan trees, an ancient templ lies shrouded in an eerie mist. The air is heavy with the fantastic cries of unimaginable creatures. Han, Luke and others are greeted by the Rebel troops. Luke and the group ride into the massive temple on an arm military speeder.
199) 9) text: Luke is sitting next to Wedge Antilles, a hotshot pilot a sixteen years old.
199) 11) dialog: It's not impossible. I used to bull's- eye womp rats in my T-sixteen back  home. They're not much bigger than  two meters.
202) 0) text: Luke, Threepio and little Artoo enter the huge spaceship  hangar and hurry along a long line of gleaming spacefight Flight crews rush around loading last-minute armaments an unlocking power couplings. In an area isolated from this  activity Luke finds Han and Chewbacca loading small boxes onto an armored speeder.
202) 2) text: Han is deliberately ignoring the activity of the fighter  pilots' preparation. Luke is quite saddened at the sight his friend's departure.
202) 3) dialog: So... you got your reward and you're  just leaving then?
202) 5) dialog: (getting angry) Come on! Why don't you take a look  around? You know what's about to  happen, what they're up against.  They could use a good pilot like  you. You're turning your back on  them.
202) 7) dialog: All right. Well, take care of  yourself, Han. I guess that's what  you're best at, isn't it?
202) 8) text: Luke goes off and Han hesitates, then calls to him.
202) 10) text: Luke turns and sees Han wink at him. Luke lifts his hand a small wave and then goes off. Han turns to Chewie who growls at his captain,
203) 0) text: Luke, Leia, and Dodonna meet under a huge space fighter.
203) 2) dialog: Oh, it's Han! I don't know, I really  thought he'd change his mind.
203) 4) dialog: I only wish Ben were here.
203) 5) text: Leia gives Luke a little kiss, turns, and goes off. As Lu heads for his ship, another pilot rushes up to him and gr his arm.
203) 7) dialog: Biggs! Of course, I'll be up there  with you! Listen, have I got some  stories to tell...
203) 8) text: Red Leader, a rugged handsome man in his forties, comes u behind Luke and Biggs. He has the confident smile of a bo leader.
203) 11) text: Red Leader pats Luke on the back as they stop in front of his fighter.
203) 13) dialog: Thank you, sir. I'll try.
203) 16) dialog: I told you I'd make it someday, Biggs.
203) 18) text: Luke laughs and shakes his head in agreement. He heads fo his ship. As Luke begins to climb up the ladder into his sleek, dea spaceship, the crew chief, who is working on the craft, p to little Artoo, who is being hoisted into a socket on th back of the fighter.
203) 20) dialog: Not on your life! That little droid  and I have been through a lot  together. (to Artoo) You okay, Artoo?
203) 21) text: The crewmen lower Artoo-Detoo into the craft. Now a part the exterior shell of the starship, the little droid beep that he is fine. Luke climbs up into the cockpit of his fighter and puts a his helmet. Threepio looks on from the floor of the massi hangar as the crewmen secure his little electronic partne into Luke's X-wing. It's an emotional-filled moment as Ar beeps good-bye.
203) 26) text: Artoo whistles his reply. All final preparations are made for the approaching battl The hangar is buzzing with the last minute activity as th pilots and crewmen alike make their final adjustments. Th hum of activity is occasionally trespassed by the distort voice of the loudspeaker issuing commands. Coupling hoses are disconnected from the ships as they are fueled. Cockp shields roll smoothly into place over each pilot. A signa holding red guiding lights, directs the ships. Luke, a tr of a smile gracing his lips, peers about through his gogg
203) 28) text: Luke is confused at the voice and taps his headphones.
213) 2) dialog: Red Five standing by.
219) 0) text: Luke adjusts his controls as he concentrates on the  approaching Death Star. The ship begins to be buffeted  slightly.
235) 0) text: Luke nosedives radically, starting his attack on the mons fortress. The Death Star surface streaks past the cockpit window.
235) 1) dialog: This is Red Five; I'm going in!
236) 0) text: Luke's X-wing races toward the Death Star. Laserbolts str from Luke's weapons, creating a huge fireball explosion o the dim surface.
237) 0) text: Terror crosses Luke's face as he realizes he won't be abl to pull out in time to avoid the fireball.
238) 0) text: Luke's ship emerges from the fireball, with the leading e of his wings slightly scorched.
240) 0) text: Luke adjusts his controls and breathes a sigh of relief.  Flak bursts outside the cockpit window.
240) 1) dialog: I got a little cooked, but I'm okay.
245) 0) text: The Red Leader's X-wing flies past Luke as he puts his no down and starts his attack dive.
245) 1) dialog: I'm on my way in now...
245) 3) dialog: I'm on it.
246) 0) text: Luke flings his X-wing into a twisting dive across the ho and down onto the dim grey surface.
247) 0) text: A shot hurls from Luke's guns. Laserbolts streak toward t onrushing Death Star surface. Several small radar emplace erupt in flame. Laserfire erupts from a protruding tower the surface.
248) 0) text: The blurry Death Star surface races past the cockpit wind as a big smile sweeps across Luke's face at the success o his run. Flak thunders on all sides of him.
249) 0) text: The Death Star superstructure races past Luke as he maneu his craft through a wall of laserfire and peels away from the surface towards the heavens.
254) 0) text: Luke looks around to see if he can spot the approaching  Imperial fighters.
254) 1) dialog: My scope's negative. I don't see  anything.
262) 0) text: Luke is flying upside down. He rotates his ship around to normal attitude as he comes out of his dive.
262) 1) dialog: Hang on, Biggs, I'm coming in.
263) 0) text: Biggs and the tailing TIE ship dive for the surface, now  followed by a fast-gaining Luke. After Biggs dives out of sight, Luke chases the Imperial fighter.
264) 0) text: In the foreground, the Imperial fighter races across the  Death Star's surface, closely followed by Luke in the  background.
265) 0) text: There is a shot from Luke's X-wing of the TIE ship explod in a mass of flames.
265) 1) dialog: Got him!
269) 0) text: Luke's ship soars away from the Death Star's surface as h spots the tailing TIE fighter.
270) 0) text: The TIE pilot takes aim at Luke's X-wing.
271) 0) text: The Imperial TIE fighter pilot scores a hit on Luke's shi Fire breaks out on the right side of the X-wing.
272) 0) text: Luke looks out of his cockpit at the flames on his ship.
272) 1) dialog: I'm hit, but not bad.
274) 0) text: Luke nervously works his controls.
275) 0) text: In the war room, Leia stands frozen as she listens and wo about Luke.
276) 0) text: Luke spots the TIE fighter behind him and soars away from the Death Star surface.
276) 1) dialog: I can't shake him!
277) 0) text: Luke's ship soars closer to the surface of the Death Star an Imperial TIE fighter closing in on him in hot pursuit.
280) 0) text: Wedge dives across the horizon toward Luke and the TIE  fighter.
282) 0) text: Luke reacts frantically.
282) 1) dialog: Blast it! Wedge where are you?
284) 0) text: The TIE fighter explodes, filling the screen with white l Luke's ship can be seen far in the distance.
285) 0) text: Luke looks about in relief.
285) 1) dialog: Thanks, Wedge.
303) 0) text: Gold Two, a younger pilot about Luke's age, pulls down hi targeting eye viewer and adjusts it. His ship shudders un intense laser barrage.
323) 0) text: Luke looks over his shoulder at the action outside of his cockpit.
327) 0) text: Luke looks nervously about him at the explosive battle.
332) 2) text: Luke nods his head.
333) 0) text: The X-wing fighters of Luke, Biggs, and Wedge fly in form high above the Death Star's surface.
334) 0) text: Luke peers out from his cockpit.
345) 0) text: Luke looks down at the Death Star surface below.
345) 1) dialog: No sign of any... wait!
346) 1) dialog: (over headset) Coming in point three five.
371) 1) dialog: (over headset) Red Leader, we're right above you.  Turn to point...
372) 0) text: Luke tries to spot Red Leader. He looks down at the Death Star surface.
372) 1) dialog: ...oh-five; we'll cover for you.
374) 0) text: Luke looks excitedly toward Red Leader's X-wing.
378) 0) text: Luke looks out the window of his X-wing at the explosion below. For the first time, he feels the helplessness of h situation.
380) 1) dialog: (over speaker) Biggs, Wedge, let's close it up.  We're going in. We're going in full  throttle.
384) 1) dialog: It'll be just like Beggar's Canyon  back home.
386) 0) text: Luke's lifelong friend struggles with his controls.
387) 0) text: Flak and laserbolts flash outside Luke's cockpit window.
389) 0) text: Luke looks around for the Imperial TIE fighters. He think for a moment and then moves his targeting device into  position.
389) 1) dialog: Watch yourself! Increase speed full  throttle!
391) 1) dialog: You worry about those fighters! I'll  worry about the tower!
392) 0) text: Luke's X-wing streaks through the trench, firing lasers.
393) 0) text: Luke breaks into a nervous sweat as the laserfire is retu knicking one of his wings close to the engine.
393) 1) dialog: (to Artoo) Artoo... that, that stabilizer's  broken loose again! See if you can't  lock it down!
397) 0) text: Luke's targeting device marks off the distance to the tar
400) 2) dialog: (over speaker) Get clear, Wedge.
401) 1) dialog: You can't do any more good back there!
405) 0) text: Luke's X-wing speeds down the trench; the three TIE fight still in perfect unbroken formation, tail close behind.
408) 0) text: Luke looks back anxiously at little Artoo.
408) 1) dialog: Artoo, try and increase the power!
413) 0) text: Luke looks into his targeting device. He moves it away fo moment and ponders its use. He looks back into the comput targeter.
414) 0) text: Vader and his wingmen race through the Death Star trench. Biggs moves in to cover for Luke, but Vader gains on him.
420) 0) text: Luke is stunned by Biggs' death. His eyes are watering, b his anger is also growing.
422) 0) text: Vader takes aim on Luke and talks to the wingmen.
423) 0) text: Luke's ship streaks through the trench of the Death Star.
425) 0) text: Luke concentrates on his targeting device.
428) 0) text: Luke adjusts the lens of his targeting device.
429) 0) text: Luke's ship charges down the trench.
430) 0) text: Luke lines up the yellow cross-hair lines of the targetin device's screen. He looks into the targeting device, then starts at a voice he hears.
432) 0) text: Luke looks up, then starts to look back into the targetin device. He has second thoughts.
432) 2) text: A grim determination sweeps across Luke's face as he clos his eyes and starts to mumble Ben's training to himself.
433) 0) text: Luke's fighter streaks through the trench.
435) 0) text: Vader follows Luke's X-wing down the trench.
436) 0) text: Luke looks to the targeting device, then away as he hears Ben's voice.
436) 2) text: Luke's hand reaches for the control panel and presses the button. The targeting device moves away.
437) 2) dialog: (over speaker) Nothing. I'm all right.
438) 0) text: Luke's ship streaks ever close to the exhaust port.
439) 0) text: Luke looks at the Death Star surface streaking by.
441) 0) text: The three TIE fighters, manned by Vader and his two wingm follow Luke's X-wing down the trench.
442) 0) text: Vader maneuvers his controls as he looks at his doomed ta He presses the fire buttons on his control sticks. Laserf shoots toward Luke's X-wing fighter.
444) 0) text: Luke looks frantically back over his shoulder at Artoo.
445) 1) dialog: I've lost Artoo!
448) 0) text: The three TIE fighters zoom down the Death Star trench in pursuit of Luke, never breaking formation.
449) 0) text: Luke looks anxiously at the exhaust port.
451) 0) text: Luke's ship barrels down the trench.
452) 0) text: Vader's targeting computer swings around into position. V takes careful aim on Luke's X-wing fighter.
453) 0) text: The three TIE fighters move in on Luke. As Vader's center fighter unleashes a volley of laserfire, one of the TIE s at his side is hit and explodes into flame. The two remai ships continue to move in.
454) 0) text: Luke looks about, wondering whose laserfire destroyed Vad wingman.
464) 0) text: Solo, smiling, speaks to Luke over his headset mike.
466) 0) text: Luke looks up and smiles. He concentrates on the exhaust  port, then fires his laser torpedoes.
467) 0) text: Luke's torpedoes shoot toward the port and seems to simpl disappear into the surface and not explode. But the shots find their mark and have gone into the exhaust port and a heading for the main reactor.
468) 0) text: Luke throws his head back in relief.
474) 0) text: Luke is at ease, and his eyes are closed.
477) 0) text: Luke climbs out of his starship fighter and is cheered by throng of ground crew and pilots. Luke climbs down the la as they all welcome him with laughter, cheers, and shouti Princess Leia rushes toward him.
477) 2) text: She throws her arms around Luke and hugs him as they danc around in a circle. Solo runs in toward Luke and they emb one another, slapping each other on the back.
477) 4) dialog: (laughing) I knew you'd come back! I just knew  it!
477) 6) text: Luke and Han look at one another, as Solo playfully shove at Luke's face. Leia moves in between them.
477) 8) text: Luke looks toward the ship.
477) 9) dialog: Oh, no!
477) 14) dialog: He'll be all right.
478) 0) text: Luke, Han, and Chewbacca enter the huge ruins of the main temple. Hundreds of troops are lined up in neat rows. Ban are flying and at the far end stands a vision in white, t beautiful young Senator Leia. Luke and the others solemnl march up the long aisle and kneel before Senator Leia. Fr one side of the temple marches a shined-up and fully repa Artoo-Detoo. He waddles up to the group and stands next t an equally pristine Threepio, who is rather awestruck by whole event. Chewbacca is confused. Dodonna and several o dignitaries sit on the left of the Princess Leia. Leia is dressed in a long white dress and is staggeringly beautif She rises and places a gold medallion around Han's neck. winks at her. She then repeats the ceremony with Luke, wh is moved by the event. They turn and face the assembled  troops, who all bow before them. Chewbacca growls and Art beeps with happiness.