9) 0) text: Isaac enters, caked in dirt and sweat. Bridget, Nancy and lie asleep. Isaac hovers over a bucket of water in a near corner. As he rinses his face a soft MOAN rises from Nat' direction. Isaac studies Nat a beat before grabbing a small wooden b from a shelf. Within, he finds a CRUMPLED SQUARE OF PAPER smooths it against his leg, before slipping out the cabin A long beat until- Nat stirs awake, sits up.
12) 0) text: BRIDGET “NANA” TURNER, sits in a rocking chair, in front modest fire, asleep. Isaac and Nat burst in. Bridget and Nancy jolt up to see Isaac, blood speckled clothes, Nat terrified at his side.
12) 1) dialog: Oh, Jesus!
12) 19) dialog: He ain't here massa. We ain’t seen him all night.
12) 32) dialog: No, suh. No, suh.
12) 39) dialog: Oh’ massa please! Please! We don’t know nothin’! Oh Lord!
15) 30) dialog: Now you listen to everything Miss Elizabeth say. Keep ya head down and stay out the way, hear?
16) 0) text: Bridget and Nat stand on the Big House porch. She knocks a house servant JANICE (20's) pulls open the door.
16) 3) dialog: Yes'm. Bridget watches as Elizabeth guides Nat inside.
19) 0) text: TIGHT on Nat. Wider to find Nancy and Bridget standing in front of Benjamin who lies pale and dead in the bed. Elizabeth weeps quietly by his side. An UNKNOWN MAN, SAMU TURNER (17) is the only other person in the room. He lean against the wall in a far corner. Elizabeth smiles at Nat
22) 0) text: Turner slaves populate the wooden benches. We spot Nancy, Bridget and Hark. ANGLE ON Nat who somberly addresses the small congregation.
29) 0) text: Nancy hurries a pot of water onto the stove as Bridget prepares a cot. Nat steadies the faint woman in his arms.
29) 1) dialog: Lay her on over here. Nat complies.
29) 3) dialog: (to Nancy) Cut me three of those onions, yonder. Bring ‘em here. (to Nat) (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
29) 7) dialog: Go’on and stay with Hark a spell “til we get this child right an’ on her feet. 29a 42 (CONTINUED)
29) 13) dialog: It’s ok baby- (to Nat) Go ‘on nah! Get. Nat retreats toward the door, exits.
38) 0) text: Nat and Cherry are knelt in front of Bridget who prays fervently. Nancy, Hark, Ester and a few others “lay hands Nat and Cherry’s shoulders praying along silently in supp INT. SLAVE QUARTERS - NAT’S CABIN - (NIGHT) 53 Nat and Cherry are in Nat's cabin. He gently kisses her a they make love.
40) 0) text: Nat loads the last of supplies onto the wagon. Bridget st close. Nancy arrives with a cloth sack.
40) 3) dialog: I know. The Lord bless you, child. At that, Nat wraps Nancy and Bridget into a hug before heading off.
67) 0) text: Nat stands in waist deep water, Brantley before him. Nanc Bridget, Hark and others watch from the river bank. Jethr stands further back. If looks could kill.
68) 0) text: Nancy, Bridget and other slaves gather, as we reveal Nat strapped to a wooden post, centered in the middle of the courtyard. Hark and Nelson arrive, soon joined by another slave, SIMON. Jethro paces behind Nat, dragging a ten-foo long whip. He looks to Samuel who nods, then exits toward Big House. Bridget leads Nancy away as Jethro goes to Nat rips off his shirt.
73) 0) text: Nat lies on a cot, his back covered with steaming strips cotton. Bridget sits at his side. Nancy arrives with a th blade and a bottle of brown liquid. Bridget slowly peels a cotton strip to reveal an infested wound. She takes the blade, cuts a shallow incision into the bubbled flesh.
73) 1) dialog: I watched your grandfather die. In the old land. Saw him give up the ghost with my own eyes. And he saw me. He harnessed the Holy Spirit that day. Yes he did. She applies pressure to the wounds, sending blood and pus cozing from his flesh. BRIDGET (CONT’D) I was proud of him. So proud. I still thank God he died that day. That he didn’t live to see what I seen... To watch a strong man broken down is a terrible thing. (CONTINUED)
74) 0) text: Nat staggers in from the intense day of work. Sweat and d blood crust his shirt to his back. He spots Bridget in he chair, faced toward the stove.
75) 0) text: TIGHT on Nat's face. His eyes cast down at something we d yet see. We PULL BACK to reveal Bridget’s body wrapped he to toe in linen on a plank table behind him. We continue pull back to find his eyes set on his closed Bible. He fl toward the back. “Ephesians 6:5-6 - Servants, be obedient to them that are masters..." “Matthew 5:38 -If anyone strikes you on the right cheek.. “Luke 6:27 Do good to those who hate you, bless those who curse you...”
75) 3) text: WITH NAT as he flips the Bible again... His jaw tightens. He slowly rises, moves to Bridget’s wrapped body. He lift and carries her out of frame. We move in close on the Bib Closer until a verse fills the frame: (CONTINUED)
76) 0) text: Bridget’s funeral has long ended. Nat stands before her f grave. Dozens of single flowers litter a wooden cross. In BG Hark arrives.