30) 9) dialog: Hello. (then, realizing) She launches into a Samuel with a mammoth hug. CATHERINE (CONT’D) Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! She's perfect! (then, re: Cherry) Cherry... I bet they named you that because you're so sweet. Cherry smiles politely, Catherine grabs her hand. CATHERINE (CONT’D) C'mon, I want you to meet mama. Catherine and Cherry disappear inside, followed by Samuel Nancy stands on the porch for a beat. As she turns-
31) 0) text: Guiles preps a covered wagon. Catherine hugs Janice as Sa looks on. Catherine Isaiah loads an arm full of bags in the wagon-back.
31) 2) dialog: Oh, we'll be just down the road. After we get good and settled, we'll be back to visit. Sundays for church and that.
31) 5) dialog: Yes, “big brother”. (they embrace) Love ya.
36) 21) dialog: Cherry?! Cherry slowly stands. A warm smile before she disappears toward the Big House. We stay with Nat as he looks and longs after her. 51
56) 0) text: Cherry's bed sits draped by a translucent mosquito net. Elizabeth, eyes wet, sways nearby in a rocking chair, Joa asleep in her arms. She stills as Nat follows Catherine.
56) 2) dialog: We're prayin’ for her, Nat. All of us. (beat) Monsters... Nat approaches the bedside, he pulls at the net’s opening reveal- CHERRY. Her face swollen and unrecognizable. (CONTINUED)
60) 0) text: Nat and Isaiah hold silver trays of hors d'oeuvres. Isaia wears a curled PERIWIG. Several well-to-do guests populat the dinner table. We see Elizabeth, Catherine and Guiles. recognize Reverend Walthall, as well as Joseph Randall an his WIFE (60's). GENERAL CHILDS (50’s a commander of the state militia) is also present, his wife and DAUGHTER (20 at his flank. She eyes Samuel seductively. Samuel manages nervous smile before clinking his fork against a crystal glass. The room settles.
102) 0) text: General Childs, joined by his LIEUTENANT, sits before Che who wears her new dress. Elizabeth stands close, flanked John Clark. We notice their hands clasped. Catherine and Nancy hover just behind. Nancy holds Joanna who cries.
106) 0) text: Cherry hangs clothes near the treeline. Catherine sits on porch in the distance, drifting in a rocking chair.
106) 21) dialog: Cherry, who are you talking to? Cherry turns to find Catherine just behind her. Cherry wi her face. Catherine surveys the area, sees nothing.
106) 23) dialog: Me too... A long beat until- Catherine pulls a wet shirt from the clothes basket, pins to the line. They silently work in tandem. 145 146 147