43) 0) text: Joseph and Abner lead Nat and Samuel in. Abner lights a lantern. Under its glow, we see nearly a dozen EMACIATED slaves- men, women and children. They scatter deep into a corner. Nat's jaw drops. (CONTINUED)
48) 0) text: Hank, Samuel and Nat arrive to find EARL FOWLER (Early 40 on horseback, hurling his whip down at toiling slaves. Th whip snaps like gunfire inches from the ears of men, woma and children as they pull leaves from the tobacco plants.
48) 2) dialog: Come on!
48) 4) dialog: c'mon, nah! CRACK! The whip cracks near the ear of a SLAVE TEEN MALE. teen picks faster. Earl dismounts, holsters his whip.
48) 6) dialog: Where you say y’all come from? (CONTINUED)
48) 11) dialog: Nottaway huh? ...Lotta Yankees makin’ their way down those parts. Come down here, rabble-rousin’, stirring shit on our way of life. A quiet standoff as Earl locks eyes with Samuel, until- a OVERSEER arrives on horseback, pulls Hank aside. Then-
49) 0) text: Earl and Hank push in. Nat and Samuel freeze in the doorw their eyes fix on something we don’t yet see.
49) 1) dialog: Which one?
49) 3) dialog: How long?
49) 6) dialog: You ain't gon’ eat? No response. Earl grabs the nearby bowl of cornmush, puts spoon to the slave’s mouth. He turns away. EARL FOWLER (CONT’D) Aight. (then, more to himself) If it ain’t one thing, it’s the other. (CONTINUED)
49) 10) dialog: (to Samuel) You wonderin’ why we could use that nigger of yours, you're seeing it first hand. EARL FOWLER (CONT’D) (to Hank) Open his mouth. Grab that cornmeal. Nat and Samuel watch on horrified, as Earl hammers out th male slave’s teeth.
49) 11) dialog: If it ain’t the Yanks, it’s the drought... Hank holds the slave’s mouth open, as Earl forces the cornmeal through the funnel and into the man’s throat. Bl teeth and cornmeal seep as he gags. EARL FOWLER (CONT’D) If it ain’t the drought, it’s goddamn mutiny. Earl wipes his hands, regards Nat without missing a beat.
49) 12) dialog: Truth is, even the meanest nigger fears the gospel. A good word from your boy here... a disciplined word might go a lot further than my pistol would.
49) 14) dialog: Don't right mind how good he is. (pointed) Long as he say what he s’pose to.
50) 0) text: Nat stands on the wooden porch flanked by Earl who cradle shotgun. Samuel is a bit further back. A dozen slaves stare wide-eyed. In the BG Hank leads a shackled slave to join the others. This is WILL (30’s, th scar-faced slave we recognizes from previous scene). (CONTINUED)
50) 5) dialog: Concup what? Samuel, out of earshot, looks on with growing concern.
50) 7) dialog: That’s fine. Ain’t got no quarrel with singin’. Long as it don’t interfere with they workin’.
89) 5) dialog: No... (stumbles backward) No! Just as he turns, SHUNK! Will’s axe hacks into his neck. Will straddles Earl's bod raises his axe and chops with measured focus. He finally rises, holding Earl’s steaming head by the hair. He tosse into the nearby brush, before remounting his horse. For a moment, no one even breathes. Then-
93) 0) text: Nat, followed by Will, Hark and others jogs from the dens forest, arriving to a clearing. Nat studies the treeline men continue to trickle in. Nearly fifty men in all. Even the last man emerges, Nat continues to eye the trees.