60) 0) text: Nat and Isaiah hold silver trays of hors d'oeuvres. Isaia wears a curled PERIWIG. Several well-to-do guests populat the dinner table. We see Elizabeth, Catherine and Guiles. recognize Reverend Walthall, as well as Joseph Randall an his WIFE (60's). GENERAL CHILDS (50’s a commander of the state militia) is also present, his wife and DAUGHTER (20 at his flank. She eyes Samuel seductively. Samuel manages nervous smile before clinking his fork against a crystal glass. The room settles.
61) 5) dialog: That right?
61) 9) dialog: (boorish) And now you're here serving me. Childs holds up his glass. An awkward beat as Isaiah move him, fills his glass. Samuel, sensing the discomfort, sig Nat who steps forward, sets a bowl of peppercorn on the table. Samuel drops three into his glass of port wine.
61) 20) dialog: Give it time, son. I suspect it won't be long before you find yourself slipping from the banal chaise to find a tastier treat in mammy’s harem.
102) 0) text: General Childs, joined by his LIEUTENANT, sits before Che who wears her new dress. Elizabeth stands close, flanked John Clark. We notice their hands clasped. Catherine and Nancy hover just behind. Nancy holds Joanna who cries.
102) 1) dialog: You don’t know where he is?
102) 3) dialog: And he never mentioned nothing on a insurrection.
102) 5) dialog: When’s the last time you saw him?
102) 7) dialog: Elizabeth, I’ve known you a long time, and got a lot of respect for you and your family, but you're interfering with something real important. A lot of people were killed the last twenty-four hours. (CONTINUED)
102) 11) dialog: (to Nancy) So Samuel sent you here to ‘help out’?
102) 13) dialog: How long before the killin’ did you and the boy leave?
102) 16) dialog: (to Lieutenant) Go get me that boy... (to Nancy) Why would Samuel send a field hand to help in the house?
102) 18) dialog: Not every slave treats their masters with the level of savagery yours done. Childs’ lieutenant returns with a terrified Simon. GENERAL CHILDS (CONT’D) (to Simon) Boy, what did Samuel tell you that night? You lie to me, I'll kill ya.
102) 20) dialog: And he gave you a pass? (CONTINUED)
102) 27) dialog: You still got it? Catherine goes to a nearby drawer, produces a crumpled pi of paper. General Childs examines it.
102) 30) dialog: We're taking the boy. Simon's face falls.
102) 32) dialog: (to John Clark) Let's go.
109) 0) text: Several stores have reopened. General childs sits under a military tent as his boots are shined. A few militia men loiter nearby. Scattered locals crisscross the dusty squa
109) 5) dialog: I know you're angry, trust me, I understand. But, this man has committed mass murder and will stand trial. (CONTINUED)
112) 2) text: A viewing platform, where Nat spots John Clark who stands the flank of General childs. A million words unspoken. Na eyes then drift to Jasper who stands amongst patrons. Nat studies Jasper who struggles to hold his gaze.