22) 0) text: Turner slaves populate the wooden benches. We spot Nancy, Bridget and Hark. ANGLE ON Nat who somberly addresses the small congregation.
33) 0) text: ANGLE ON a straw broom until TWO PAIR OF FEET hop over it into frame. WIDER to reveal Hark and a beautiful woman ES (20's). A dozen slaves stand and clap as Hark and Ester kiss. A fiddler strikes up a tune and the other slaves form two parallel rows. NELSON (18), Ester’s brother claps, as she dances down the middle. Hark pulls Nat onto the dance pat and they dance down the path together.
34) 0) text: Its dusk. Hark sits on a hollow log. Nat approaches.
34) 1) dialog: Hey, Nat.
34) 4) dialog: I'll be getting there directly...
34) 9) dialog: I'm scared, Nat...
34) 11) dialog: Naw... It’s just, I ain't never had no needs to look after nothing or nobody but massa’s horses and pigs. Now I got a wife. And when she go on and get the ‘big belly, I’11 have that child too. Nat pulls a measured breath, gathers his words.
38) 0) text: Nat and Cherry are knelt in front of Bridget who prays fervently. Nancy, Hark, Ester and a few others “lay hands Nat and Cherry’s shoulders praying along silently in supp INT. SLAVE QUARTERS - NAT’S CABIN - (NIGHT) 53 Nat and Cherry are in Nat's cabin. He gently kisses her a they make love.
61) 24) dialog: I ain't doin’ it Nat! I’d have ‘em lynch me first.
61) 31) dialog: I can’t do it Nat. I won’t. (to Isaiah) Who the hell you think you are?!
61) 33) dialog: You here ain’t ya?! You'd sell your soul if a white man told you! Nat abruptly beelines for the Big House.
63) 0) text: Nat, Nelson and Hark watch Isaiah walk Ester to the Big House. She glances back, eyes filled with sorrow, Hark’s shame. *
64) 0) text: Nat sits leaned against a tree. Looking out at- Hark, who stands in the exact spot we last saw him, his e fixed on the Big House. A few long moments pass, before- The back door of the Big House opens. Ester slowly emerge She notices Hark and slows to a stop, hanging her head. H closes the gap, takes her into his arms. As Hark walks her towards the slave quarters. *
64) 1) dialog: Where is He, Nat? Where God now? *
67) 0) text: Nat stands in waist deep water, Brantley before him. Nanc Bridget, Hark and others watch from the river bank. Jethr stands further back. If looks could kill.
68) 0) text: Nancy, Bridget and other slaves gather, as we reveal Nat strapped to a wooden post, centered in the middle of the courtyard. Hark and Nelson arrive, soon joined by another slave, SIMON. Jethro paces behind Nat, dragging a ten-foo long whip. He looks to Samuel who nods, then exits toward Big House. Bridget leads Nancy away as Jethro goes to Nat rips off his shirt.
72) 9) dialog: Nat, you alright? Nat collapses, face-planting in the dirt.
76) 0) text: Bridget’s funeral has long ended. Nat stands before her f grave. Dozens of single flowers litter a wooden cross. In BG Hark arrives.
76) 1) dialog: You alright?
77) 0) text: Nat sits alone in front of a small smoldering brush fire. few seconds pass before Hark and THREE OTHER MEN emerge f the dark. Nat stands, meets them. Hark is flanked by SIMO (24), Nelson and WILL (THE SLAVE WE RECOGNIZE FROM FOWLER PLANTATION) .
77) 1) dialog: This is Simon. Samuel bought him a month back in Norfolk.
77) 3) dialog: You know Nelson. And this is will. (CONTINUED)
77) 9) dialog: (to Jasper) This a grown folks meetin’. Get! Jasper slowly backpedals, until.
77) 12) dialog: He just a boy.
77) 38) dialog: Jerusalem?
77) 44) dialog: (beat) Me too.
84) 14) dialog: Everybody's ready.
85) 0) text: Nat, atop Jupiter, stares down at the many faces. Hark, W Nelson and Jasper are mounted at his flank. As Nat opens mouth to speak- Isaiah arrives in his blood-streaked robe Delirious, he CHARGES Nat, Will steps in his way.
89) 2) dialog: Should we go check on him’
89) 6) dialog: The boy! All look around. Hark and Nat lock eyes.
91) 8) dialog: What? (CONTINUED)
91) 13) dialog: That man had my wife- now her brother! I want my revenge, too!
91) 15) dialog: (to others) Pull back.
93) 0) text: Nat, followed by Will, Hark and others jogs from the dens forest, arriving to a clearing. Nat studies the treeline men continue to trickle in. Nearly fifty men in all. Even the last man emerges, Nat continues to eye the trees.
93) 2) dialog: This it. Hark studies the light part of the sky, smiles, then chuckles. (CONTINUED)
93) 6) dialog: What?
93) 8) dialog: (smiles) I'd be headed to the barn, gettin’ the stock fed.
93) 13) dialog: On to Jerusalem. The phrase echoing through the ranks as Nat and Hark shar look.
95) 0) text: Nat and Hark, armed, stand on the main road. Dozens of re stand in ranks behind them, weapons ready. (CONTINUED)
96) 2) dialog: Guns comin’! The rebels toss axes and shovels aside as, line up as Nat Hark surge the entrance.
97) 0) text: Nat, Hark and others storm in to find dozens of stacked crates.
97) 4) text: -Outside the armory door, bullets perforate the exposed rebels as they are attacked from every angle. Nat spots INFANTRY OF THE STATE MILITIA stand on rooftops in widows of the surrounding cul-de-sac buildings. Their power continues to bear down on the rebels inside. Nat, Will, Hark and the remaining others crouch low, dodg fire. Without warning, Will stands, storms outside it is with gunfire. (CONTINUED)
101) 0) text: ANGLE ON a YOUNG WHITE SOLDIER, musket raised, as he arri to Hark who holds his seeping wound. Hark, moments from death, eyes the soldier.
101) 1) dialog: John Clark?