9) 0) text: Isaac enters, caked in dirt and sweat. Bridget, Nancy and lie asleep. Isaac hovers over a bucket of water in a near corner. As he rinses his face a soft MOAN rises from Nat' direction. Isaac studies Nat a beat before grabbing a small wooden b from a shelf. Within, he finds a CRUMPLED SQUARE OF PAPER smooths it against his leg, before slipping out the cabin A long beat until- Nat stirs awake, sits up.
10) 0) text: Isaac pushes through the woods, staying close to the main road. A SOUND in the distances stops him in his tracks. H grips a bulky stash under his shirt as he squints into th dark. As his eyes focus on a shadowed figure ahead- CLICK. He turns to find three men, THE PATTY-ROLLERS, atop horse They're dressed similarly in worn pea coats, each coat bearing a dull BRASS STAR. RAYMOND COBB (40's, the leader holds a pistol leveled at Isaac’s head.
10) 3) dialog: Runnin’ a errand for my massa, suh. Massa Benjamin Turner. He opens his shirt to reveal CANNED GOODS and SALT PORK.
11) 0) text: Young Nat runs for his life. As he crashes through the br a HAND scoops him up from behind. WIDER TO REVEAL Isaac sprinting, Nat dangling in his grip. 18
12) 0) text: BRIDGET “NANA” TURNER, sits in a rocking chair, in front modest fire, asleep. Isaac and Nat burst in. Bridget and Nancy jolt up to see Isaac, blood speckled clothes, Nat terrified at his side.
12) 4) dialog: I hurt some white men. Didn’t have no choice...
12) 6) dialog: Only thing I can. I gotta go. Nat breaks free, clings to his father’s leg. Isaac kneels Nat’s level.
12) 7) dialog: You take care of your mama and Nana, hear?
12) 9) dialog: I'll be back, directly. Isaac takes his son in.
12) 10) dialog: No matter what, you remember this: You a child of God. You got purpose. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
12) 14) dialog: (touches his chest) It's in ya. The Lord put it there and they ain’t nothing nobody can do to take it away, ya hear?
12) 16) dialog: I'll get back soon as I can for y'all (then) I love you, woman. And with that, Isaac slips from the cabin. A deafening be until- The sound of GALLOPING HOOVES approach in the BG. Bridget hurries Nat onto his cot, ushers Nancy, who stand catatonic, to hers. She quickly pulls back a corner mat, pulls a board loose to reveal-