66) 0) text: Nat stands before Elizabeth and Jethro. Just past Nat, Brantley mulls on the other side of the screen door.
66) 2) dialog: He’s lucky it’s all he got for what he done.
66) 7) dialog: The hell you will!
66) 9) dialog: With respect, Ms. Elizabeth, a nigger can’t baptise no white man. (xe: her no response) I just think you should wait for Mr. Samuel to get back.
66) 11) dialog: Ms. Elizabeth, you can’t let this go on-
66) 13) dialog: But ma’am-
66) 15) dialog: Boy, you gon’ get it. And he’s out the door, leaving Nat and Elizabeth alone.
68) 0) text: Nancy, Bridget and other slaves gather, as we reveal Nat strapped to a wooden post, centered in the middle of the courtyard. Hark and Nelson arrive, soon joined by another slave, SIMON. Jethro paces behind Nat, dragging a ten-foo long whip. He looks to Samuel who nods, then exits toward Big House. Bridget leads Nancy away as Jethro goes to Nat rips off his shirt.
68) 1) dialog: Told ya’ you was gon’ get it.
71) 0) text: Nat’s eyes open to find Jethro, hovering, drunk.
71) 1) dialog: You best just go on’ and die. It'd be easier on you. You make it outta’ this alive, I’m gonna ride you like hogs on slop. (beat) Die. Jethro straightens, staggers away. We move in CLOSE on Nat's near-lifeless eyes. His eyes sl drift closed, until- A FAINT GLOW OF LIGHT ILLUMINATES HIS FACE. REVERSE to reveal- A CANDLE HAS BEEN PLACED IN FRONT OF NANCY’S CABIN. Nat wills his eyes open. THE LIGHT ACROSS HIS FACE BRIGHT We again REVERSE to reveal- More candles have been placed in front of various slave cabins. We see the door of another slave cabin open, an a produces a candle. Another cabin and another- until the entire courtyard glows. Nat’s body responds- his chin lifts, his muscles tighten, legs supporting his body’s weight. Off Nat’s determinatio
72) 0) text: Samuel and Jethro arrive to find Nat alive and fully aler Despite his gaunt features and the infected puss bubbles protruding from his back, he supports his own weight.
83) 15) dialog: Wait a goddamn minute! He staggers to the door, shirtless and half asleep. Just he pulls the door open- THWACK!!!! He’s axed out of frame. Will takes a step inside wielding a massive SLEDGEHAMMER. lifts it high over his head. The finishing blow cuts us t