42) 9) dialog: Sam Turner. You made it. And right on time. Randall sticks out his hand. Samuel shakes it. ANGLE ON ABNER Who stares daggers into Nat.
42) 10) dialog: Joseph Randall. (xe: house servant) This here’s Abner. The little one there’s Jasper. (then, re: Nat) This the ‘nigger preacher’?
42) 13) dialog: A little young ain't he?
42) 15) dialog: Studying? Hell, I can barely train my niggers to learn their own names... C’mon.
42) 17) dialog: It’s hard times for small farmers like you and myself. Breaking even is hard enough, gettin’ ahead is impossible. To save some, I cut ‘em down to a meal a day, per head. A few of ‘em started gettin’ fidgety, so I had Abner come down on ‘em. The group approaches a dilapidated barn, a PADLOCK secure the door FROM THE OUTSIDE. Joseph stops short. JOSEPH RANDALL (CONT’D) Day or so back, had a few quit on work if ya’ can believe it. Wouldn't even come out the quarter. So I locked ‘em up, the lot of ‘em. Hoping the heat and hunger would bring about their senses. All that said, Abner here’s provin’ my only real protection. Joseph turns to Nat.
42) 18) dialog: Now, they needs to mind me, so you speak on that. They treasure in heaven from submittin’ and all. (then) If they gets to moaning and carrying on, don’t pay ‘em no mind. They lazy as all hell and’ll do anything to get out of work.
42) 19) dialog: You ready, boy?
43) 4) dialog: Listen up. Got a preacher here f'yall. (to Nat) (MORE) (CONTINUED)
43) 8) dialog: Come here, boy. (Nat slowly approaches) He's a nigger just like yall, and is going to talk to you about the Lord. Listen to him and you just might make it to heaven, ya hear? Joseph rejoins Samuel and Abner, leaving Nat standing in center of the room. Nat looks to Samuel who looks away. Through sad eyes, Nat studies the sea of skeletal faces a festering whip wounds. He swallows, peels open his Bible.
44) 1) dialog: You sure you don’t want to stay the night? Got some fine brandy and a couple of choice wenches in the cellar. We can get Abner to strike up the fiddle, sit around the fire and tell old lies. Just then, Randall's daughter LILLY (9) emerges from insi She dons a white dress with a matching ribbon in her hair she gleefully descends the stairs, we notice a tweed rope her grip. We follow its length to the opposite end to fin It's tied around the neck of a NINE YEAR OLD SLAVE GIRL. The slave child giggles as she follows Lilly to the front yard where they frolic through a game of follow the leade ANGLE ON NAT who watches on, abashed.
44) 5) dialog: Alright, suit yourself. (CONTINUED)
44) 10) dialog: Sure can. Abner disappears inside. Randall produces a wad of bills, hands it to Samuel. He studies it a beat, before pocketin
44) 11) dialog: You're a smart man, Sam. Bound to make a fortune off that boy. (extends his hand) Good doing business with ya.
60) 0) text: Nat and Isaiah hold silver trays of hors d'oeuvres. Isaia wears a curled PERIWIG. Several well-to-do guests populat the dinner table. We see Elizabeth, Catherine and Guiles. recognize Reverend Walthall, as well as Joseph Randall an his WIFE (60's). GENERAL CHILDS (50’s a commander of the state militia) is also present, his wife and DAUGHTER (20 at his flank. She eyes Samuel seductively. Samuel manages nervous smile before clinking his fork against a crystal glass. The room settles.
60) 2) dialog: That, and a cash cow of a colored preacher. A few chuckles. (CONTINUED)
61) 11) text: Ester brings coffee as the men talk. Joseph Randall eyes closely.
61) 12) dialog: Black is always tasty... Especially a nice piece of black meat. Juicy. Sweet... As she pours for Joseph Randall, he runs his hand up her dress. She casually steps back from his reach. Nat notice
62) 5) dialog: Everything alright? (CONTINUED)
62) 10) dialog: Hope you won't be alone.