5) 0) text: We follow him, as he passes the TURNER MANSION-
8) 0) text: Nat arrives to a long table overcrowded with slave childr each holding a SHELL. A SLAVE MAN approaches, drops a LAR BOWL of CORNMUSH at the table’s center. As the children s scooping at the mush, Nat struggles to push his way throu Within seconds, the kids disperse, leaving Nat in front o empty bowl.
13) 0) text: 19 Young Nat, his skin royal blue, fills the frame. He seems look directly at us. NAT’'S POV A shadow moves. Demonic voices permeate the forest around him. A CLOAKED FIGURE hides in the distance. something behind him, turns. A MAN lies bowed in prayer, back to us. FEET AWAY. Off his demonic features-
19) 0) text: TIGHT on Nat. Wider to find Nancy and Bridget standing in front of Benjamin who lies pale and dead in the bed. Elizabeth weeps quietly by his side. An UNKNOWN MAN, SAMU TURNER (17) is the only other person in the room. He lean against the wall in a far corner. Elizabeth smiles at Nat
21) 0) text: --On Nat's small hands as they feebly pick cotton, follow them as they stuff blood speckled cotton into the long sa --STILL TIGHT on Nat’s hands, SLIGHTLY BIGGER, as they mo faster, separating the cotton from the bulb, following th down to a half filled sack. --AND STILL TIGHT on Nat’s hands, now FULL GROWN as they breeze expertly from bulb to bulb, stuffing the snow whit tufts into a COMPLETELY FULL sack. --We follow his hands up bulging forearms and a sweaty muscular torso to reveal- NAT IS NOW A TWENTY-SEVEN-YEAR- MAN. Matured African features frame piercing eyes. Nat pu two full sacks over his shoulder. 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36
26) 0) text: Nat and Samuel load the last wooden slats onto the wagon. rests on the back as Samuel exits frame. WIDER to reveal a well-dressed family of three crossing i the foreground. The MAN (30's), holds a lacquered cane, w a pace ahead of the WOMAN (20’s) who ushers their SON (5) along by the hand. CLOSER on the Son who carries a WOODEN HAND PUPPET. As the Mother hurries him along, it drops, unnoticed, in the dirt. A moment later-
26) 4) dialog: What you think you’re doing?!
26) 9) dialog: (to Nat) You spoke to my wife?! Where is your owner, boy? Nat offers no response. The man swings the cane down hard its length striking Nat’s arm. Nat eyes the dirt in rehea passivity. MAN (CONT’D) Do you hear me, boy? The Man swings the cane again, it connects with a CRACK o Nat's elbow. Nat grits his teeth. The Man raises it once more. As he brings it down NAT CATCHES IT. His eyes just slightly connecting with the Man’s. The man goes white wi fear.
26) 11) dialog: I want the sheriff. This boy assaulted me! He assaulted my wife and I’m bringin’ charges.
26) 13) dialog: You threatening me?
29) 0) text: Nancy hurries a pot of water onto the stove as Bridget prepares a cot. Nat steadies the faint woman in his arms.
33) 0) text: ANGLE ON a straw broom until TWO PAIR OF FEET hop over it into frame. WIDER to reveal Hark and a beautiful woman ES (20's). A dozen slaves stand and clap as Hark and Ester kiss. A fiddler strikes up a tune and the other slaves form two parallel rows. NELSON (18), Ester’s brother claps, as she dances down the middle. Hark pulls Nat onto the dance pat and they dance down the path together.
55) 0) text: Nat rides like a man possessed, pulling every bit of spee possible from the colt.
60) 0) text: Nat and Isaiah hold silver trays of hors d'oeuvres. Isaia wears a curled PERIWIG. Several well-to-do guests populat the dinner table. We see Elizabeth, Catherine and Guiles. recognize Reverend Walthall, as well as Joseph Randall an his WIFE (60's). GENERAL CHILDS (50’s a commander of the state militia) is also present, his wife and DAUGHTER (20 at his flank. She eyes Samuel seductively. Samuel manages nervous smile before clinking his fork against a crystal glass. The room settles.
85) 0) text: Nat, atop Jupiter, stares down at the many faces. Hark, W Nelson and Jasper are mounted at his flank. As Nat opens mouth to speak- Isaiah arrives in his blood-streaked robe Delirious, he CHARGES Nat, Will steps in his way.
93) 0) text: Nat, followed by Will, Hark and others jogs from the dens forest, arriving to a clearing. Nat studies the treeline men continue to trickle in. Nearly fifty men in all. Even the last man emerges, Nat continues to eye the trees.
109) 2) text: A WHITE MAN who spots Nat.