1) 0) text: Moonlight sifts through the tall pines, illuminating the blanketed marsh.
1) 12) text: Nat winces against her grip, terrified. His eyes flood. N releases her grip, pulls him into a hug. Her eyes mist.
2) 0) text: Nancy and Nat step into the clearing to find a group of ELDERLY AFRICANS huddled around a humble fire in fervent prayer. Among the elders, we find EZEKIEL (90's). As if sensing their arrival, his eyes open. He motions them forward. Ezekiel speaks in his Native Ghanaian tongue.
4) 0) text: Giggling children, burst from the barn door, as John Clar gives chase. We lock in on Young Nat as he sprints ahead the group.
8) 0) text: Nat arrives to a long table overcrowded with slave childr each holding a SHELL. A SLAVE MAN approaches, drops a LAR BOWL of CORNMUSH at the table’s center. As the children s scooping at the mush, Nat struggles to push his way throu Within seconds, the kids disperse, leaving Nat in front o empty bowl.
9) 0) text: Isaac enters, caked in dirt and sweat. Bridget, Nancy and lie asleep. Isaac hovers over a bucket of water in a near corner. As he rinses his face a soft MOAN rises from Nat' direction. Isaac studies Nat a beat before grabbing a small wooden b from a shelf. Within, he finds a CRUMPLED SQUARE OF PAPER smooths it against his leg, before slipping out the cabin A long beat until- Nat stirs awake, sits up.
11) 0) text: Young Nat runs for his life. As he crashes through the br a HAND scoops him up from behind. WIDER TO REVEAL Isaac sprinting, Nat dangling in his grip. 18
12) 0) text: BRIDGET “NANA” TURNER, sits in a rocking chair, in front modest fire, asleep. Isaac and Nat burst in. Bridget and Nancy jolt up to see Isaac, blood speckled clothes, Nat terrified at his side.
12) 8) dialog: When you comin’ back, papa?
12) 15) dialog: Yessir... A dog is heard BARKING in the BG. Isaac hugs Bridget, mov to Nancy who chokes back tears.
13) 0) text: 19 Young Nat, his skin royal blue, fills the frame. He seems look directly at us. NAT’'S POV A shadow moves. Demonic voices permeate the forest around him. A CLOAKED FIGURE hides in the distance. something behind him, turns. A MAN lies bowed in prayer, back to us. FEET AWAY. Off his demonic features-
14) 0) text: Nat turns back to see THE SHADOWED FIGURE IS ONLY Nat senses *
14) 1) text: 20 Nat jerks awake, to find himself in Nancy’s arms. Nat bur into tears as she holds him, rocking him in her grip.
15) 2) dialog: I want Papa...
16) 0) text: Bridget and Nat stand on the Big House porch. She knocks a house servant JANICE (20's) pulls open the door.
17) 0) text: Hundreds of books line the walls. Nat wanders, mouth agap (CONTINUED)
18) 0) text: Nat stands stark still in his black servants suit, chin h His Bible rests in his White-gloved hands. Ben Turner sta just at his flank.
18) 1) dialog: (xeads) Draw nigh to God, and he will draw nigh to you. Cleanse your hands, ye sinners; and purify your hearts, ye double minded. Be afflicted, and mourn, and weep: let your laughter be turned to mourning, and your joy to heaviness. James four, chapter eight and nine. A thin white congregation offers polite applause. Elizabe beams. She gestures to Nat to take a bow. He obliges befo joining her, John Clark and her daughter CATHERINE (4), i the FRONT PEW. Lead house servant, ISAIAH (40’s) and Jani sit on a single BACK pew.
19) 0) text: TIGHT on Nat. Wider to find Nancy and Bridget standing in front of Benjamin who lies pale and dead in the bed. Elizabeth weeps quietly by his side. An UNKNOWN MAN, SAMU TURNER (17) is the only other person in the room. He lean against the wall in a far corner. Elizabeth smiles at Nat
19) 13) text: 17 26 Nat A final (CONTINUED)
20) 0) text: Nancy and Nat stand in a row that seems to stretch to eternity. Nat dons a cotton henley and burlap pants. She regards him with sad eyes.
21) 0) text: --On Nat's small hands as they feebly pick cotton, follow them as they stuff blood speckled cotton into the long sa --STILL TIGHT on Nat’s hands, SLIGHTLY BIGGER, as they mo faster, separating the cotton from the bulb, following th down to a half filled sack. --AND STILL TIGHT on Nat’s hands, now FULL GROWN as they breeze expertly from bulb to bulb, stuffing the snow whit tufts into a COMPLETELY FULL sack. --We follow his hands up bulging forearms and a sweaty muscular torso to reveal- NAT IS NOW A TWENTY-SEVEN-YEAR- MAN. Matured African features frame piercing eyes. Nat pu two full sacks over his shoulder. 29 30 31 32 33 34 35 36
22) 0) text: Turner slaves populate the wooden benches. We spot Nancy, Bridget and Hark. ANGLE ON Nat who somberly addresses the small congregation.
22) 1) dialog: Wait on the Lord: be of good courage, and he shall strengthen thine heart: wait, I say on the Lord.” (beat) Let us bow our heads.
25) 0) text: Nat steers a colt, as he and Samuel ride in the front of covered wagon. Samuel leans back, asleep. In the distance- SEVERAL GUN SHOTS. The horses fidget.
25) 1) dialog: (to horses) Whoa. Whoa, now... Samuel stirs awake, and we-
25) 2) text: 38 The far end of the road where three men approach on horse PATTY-ROLLERS. Nat slows the wagon. As the men arrive, we recognize the leader as Ray Cobb. A scar stretches from his right eye to his chin, his sun-ag skin looks more like tanned leather. Jesse and the other at his flank, bloodthirsty.
25) 6) dialog: No, Suh. Cobb studies Nat through a familiar squint.
26) 0) text: Nat and Samuel load the last wooden slats onto the wagon. rests on the back as Samuel exits frame. WIDER to reveal a well-dressed family of three crossing i the foreground. The MAN (30's), holds a lacquered cane, w a pace ahead of the WOMAN (20’s) who ushers their SON (5) along by the hand. CLOSER on the Son who carries a WOODEN HAND PUPPET. As the Mother hurries him along, it drops, unnoticed, in the dirt. A moment later-
26) 2) dialog: The younglin’ dropped it a step back. The woman offers a warm smile.
27) 0) text: Samuel sits next to Nat who guides the wagon away from th wood store, passing fresh fruit stands, vegetables stacke wagons, and crafts booths. Business men shout toward Samu begging for his business.
27) 10) dialog: Massa... That wench there’d sho’ make a good weddin’ gift to Ms. Catherine. You keep sayin’ she been askin.
27) 17) dialog: You right, suh. She young, but with the right teachin’, a wench like that could be working a long time. Nat steals a look to Samuel who squints toward the stage. Slave Driver spins the Slave Woman in a circle, fondles h brest. She tenses.
27) 19) dialog: Massa, it'd shole’ be a shame to watch her go to waste for such a low price.
27) 22) dialog: Yes, suh.
27) 29) text: Redneck #2 ambles off. All eyes fix on Redneck #3. SLAVE DRIVER (CONT’D) Two seventy-five goin’ once! ON NAT who holds his breath. SLAVE DRIVER (CONT’D) Two seventy-five goin’ twice! Redneck #3 finally spits in rebuke, turns and walks off.
28) 0) text: The wagon grinds to a stop. Samuel pulls back the cowhide flap, peers into the back. He scrunches his face. Nat fol his gaze.
28) 1) dialog: She'll be fine, Suh.
28) 3) dialog: ¥'suh. (CONTINUED)
28) 8) dialog: ¥'suh. Samuel hops down, trudges toward the house. EXT. SLAVE QUARTERS - DAY 4la Nat scrambles to the back of the wagon, pulls back the fl to reveal the woman. He reaches for her and she recoils.
28) 9) dialog: I ain’t gonna’ hurt you. Cornered, she only stares. Her eyes weak, but wild.
28) 10) dialog: I’m gon’ climb up. Help you out. That’s all. Nat kneels on the back of the wagon. As he reaches out to her, SHE LUNGES INTO AN ATTACK, biting and clawing as the roll off the back of the wagon. Nat struggles to protect himself as Hark arrives, pulls her away. She collapses to hands and knees sobbing and exhausted. As she heaves for Nat and Hark help to her feet, hurrying her toward the sl quarters.
29) 0) text: Nancy hurries a pot of water onto the stove as Bridget prepares a cot. Nat steadies the faint woman in his arms.
29) 2) dialog: She's burning up. Nancy pulls out a pouch of herbs, drops them into the boi water on the stove.
29) 11) dialog: Yes’m. As Bridget pulls at the filthy dress-
30) 0) text: Nat kneels, hidden in an inner corner of the front porch. applies a fresh coat of white paint to a peeling column.
30) 10) dialog: Mama.
30) 12) dialog: Sorry. (then) Thank you.
30) 14) dialog: For getting her better. making her so beautiful. For
30) 22) dialog: Love you, mama. Nancy descends the stairs. A BEAT before Nat returns to w
31) 13) dialog: Massa Sam. (xe: feed) For their trip. Samuel eyes the two buckets, then.
32) 0) text: Nat pulls back the canvas flap, sees Cherry sitting on a wooden box. Their eyes connect. He loads the bucket of fe
32) 1) dialog: Hi.
32) 3) dialog: I'm Nat.
32) 9) dialog: Found them around here.
33) 0) text: ANGLE ON a straw broom until TWO PAIR OF FEET hop over it into frame. WIDER to reveal Hark and a beautiful woman ES (20's). A dozen slaves stand and clap as Hark and Ester kiss. A fiddler strikes up a tune and the other slaves form two parallel rows. NELSON (18), Ester’s brother claps, as she dances down the middle. Hark pulls Nat onto the dance pat and they dance down the path together.
34) 0) text: Its dusk. Hark sits on a hollow log. Nat approaches.
34) 2) dialog: Hey, brother... Nat takes a seat next to him.
34) 3) dialog: Shouldn't you be somewhere getting to know your new wife?
34) 5) dialog: It was beautiful today. Ester is a good woman. Hark studies the smoldering fire. (CONTINUED)
34) 10) dialog: Of what? (playful) Ester?
34) 12) dialog: The Bible says, “take therefore no thought for the morrow: for the morrow shall take thought for the things of itself.” (xe: Hark’s blank look) Means worrying ain’t gon’ do you no good. Trust in the Lord, and try to live your best for him, right now. And speaking of right now, you need to go and see to your wife, ‘fore she go and change her mind. Hark stands, noticeably relieved. A strong embrace before heads off. On Nat, his confidence fading slightly, as he studies the floating embers.
35) 0) text: Nat stands before a dozen brown faces.
35) 1) dialog: Just as the planted crop is harvested in its own time, so too has the Lord planted us... The back door opens and several slaves walk in. The last them is Cherry. Nat stammers as he watches take her seat. NAT (CONT’D) Yes. The good Lord... (glances to his Bible) ++.the good Lord will finish his work in us. (then, rushing) (MORE) (CONTINUED)
35) 4) dialog: As I close, I urge you, brothers and sisters to take heart. For God is at work in your life. And he will not relent until the job is done. Amen?
35) 6) dialog: Dismissed.
36) 0) text: Nat and Cherry arrive to an arching oak. Nat lies down hi vest for Cherry. They sit.
36) 1) dialog: I’m happy to see you.
36) 3) dialog: You look beautiful.
36) 5) dialog: So much time passed... I battled thoughts that you might’ve been sold off... (then) How is it there?
36) 7) dialog: You know if ya’ll are coming back next week for church?
36) 12) dialog: I surely wouldn’t want to wait another season to see you.
36) 14) dialog: My Nana got it from my granddaddy. She brought it here when she was taken from Africa.
36) 16) dialog: (nods ) She kept it hid. Said it was the one thing that kept her mind free.
36) 18) dialog: I want you to have it. (then) In case I don’t see you for a while, you'll have somethin’ reminds you of me.
36) 20) dialog: I spend all my time thinking about you already. A frozen moment as they stare and smile. Until-
37) 5) dialog: I shoulda’ done that earlier today.
37) 7) dialog: I ain’t got much. The Lord. My faith. Mamma. Nana. Up until now, it was enough. (beat) Cherry, I'd feel right honored if you'd be my wife. I'd treat you right. I'd protect you with my life... if you’d have me.
37) 10) dialog: I'll talk it over with Samuel. Get a cabin set up for us. (CONTINUED)
38) 0) text: Nat and Cherry are knelt in front of Bridget who prays fervently. Nancy, Hark, Ester and a few others “lay hands Nat and Cherry’s shoulders praying along silently in supp INT. SLAVE QUARTERS - NAT’S CABIN - (NIGHT) 53 Nat and Cherry are in Nat's cabin. He gently kisses her a they make love.
40) 0) text: Nat loads the last of supplies onto the wagon. Bridget st close. Nancy arrives with a cloth sack.
40) 2) dialog: Thanks, mama. (then) If Miss Catherine brings Cherry on Sunday, tell her I'll be back directly. Nancy nods solemnly. NAT (CONT’D) Don’t y’all go getting worried, now. I’1l be back soon enough.
42) 0) text: As Nat guides the wagon toward a prosperous estate, he is by a slave JASPER (13, tattered clothes, rail thin).
42) 2) dialog: I’m Nat. (re: back of wagon) Master Turner is restin’ in here. Jasper cranes his neck to see inside. He eyes Nat suspiciously, then-
42) 8) dialog: Yes’ suh. A youngin’ just went inside to fetch Mister Randall. Seconds later a plump man, JOSEPH RANDALL (50's) emerges, followed by a muscular house servant ABNER (40'S) and Jas
42) 12) dialog: Evenin’ Suh-
42) 16) text: 57A EXT. RANDALL PLANTATION - DAY 57a Samuel and Nat follow Joseph, Jasper and Abner along a wo path. Joseph walks and talks.
43) 0) text: Joseph and Abner lead Nat and Samuel in. Abner lights a lantern. Under its glow, we see nearly a dozen EMACIATED slaves- men, women and children. They scatter deep into a corner. Nat's jaw drops. (CONTINUED)
43) 9) dialog: ...Brothers and sisters. (re: slaves, unblinking I lead you to 1 Peter 2:18: Slaves... submit yourselves to your masters with all respect, not only to those who are good and considerate... but also to those who are hars!
43) 13) text: Nat glances toward Randall who smiles and nods him on.
44) 0) text: Nat pulls the wagon to the front, just as Samuel and Jose descend the porch stairs. Abner trails a few steps back.
44) 15) dialog: That dress there. That the one you were wearing that day?
44) 17) dialog: Mama didn't offer you one of hers? (CONTINUED)
44) 25) dialog: (reading) Abigail Hayne
44) 27) dialog: Madison Hayne. Who’s that?
44) 29) dialog: I can call you Madison if you like?
44) 31) dialog: I'll call you Queen. Cherry smiles a beat before her look turns solemn.
44) 32) dialog: What's wrong?
44) 34) dialog: A baby? You sure? Cherry nods. Nat slowly swings his feet off the bedside, closes his eyes.
44) 36) dialog: Mad? Naw. (CONTINUED)
44) 40) dialog: I ain't mad. He holds her close. We PUSH IN ON NAT, Feeling the weight his fortune.
45) 0) text: -- Nat and Samuel navigate the wagon on a country road. INT. SLAVE BARN/CHURCH - NAT’S CABIN - DAY 62 A very pregnant Cherry lies with Nat as she sounds out wo from the bible. Nat smiles, nods approval.
46) 0) text: Nat pulls the wagon in front. Samuel looks around.
47) 0) text: Hank leads Samuel and Nat across the plantation grounds toward the tobacco field.
48) 0) text: Hank, Samuel and Nat arrive to find EARL FOWLER (Early 40 on horseback, hurling his whip down at toiling slaves. Th whip snaps like gunfire inches from the ears of men, woma and children as they pull leaves from the tobacco plants.
49) 0) text: Earl and Hank push in. Nat and Samuel freeze in the doorw their eyes fix on something we don’t yet see.
50) 0) text: Nat stands on the wooden porch flanked by Earl who cradle shotgun. Samuel is a bit further back. A dozen slaves stare wide-eyed. In the BG Hank leads a shackled slave to join the others. This is WILL (30’s, th scar-faced slave we recognizes from previous scene). (CONTINUED)
50) 4) dialog: (low) Mr. Fowler, suh. Regarding my sermon, my plan is to foment in them concupiscence for song.
50) 6) dialog: Massa I’m askin’ if you’s opposed to me using singin’ to keep yo’ niggers down? As means to sing away any ‘malignance.’
50) 8) dialog: Yes, suh. Thank you, suh. Nat turns to the slaves, his subservience thaws, his jaw tightening slightly. NAT (CONT’D) Brethren... I pray you sing to the Lord a new song. Sing praise in the assembly of the righteous. Let the saints be joyful in glory; Let them sing aloud on their beds. Let the high praises of God be in the mouths of the saints, and a two- edged sword in their hand, to execute vengeance on the demonic nations, and punishments on those peoples! Nat builds, as Samuel studies Earl, who watches on seemin oblivious to Nat’s innuendos.
50) 9) dialog: To bind their kings with chains, And their nobles with fetters of iron; To execute on them this written judgment— (CONTINUED)
50) 13) dialog: This honor have all His saints! Praise the Lord! Sing to Him a new song!
52) 0) text: Isaiah pulls a robe tight as he reaches the front door. H opens it to find Nat, distraught. Isaiah steps onto the porch, closing the door behind him. They speak in whisper
52) 1) dialog: I need to talk to Samuel.
52) 3) dialog: Cherry's been hurt. I need a pass to go see her. (CONTINUED)
52) 8) dialog: And I just said Cherry, my wife, your sister in Christ has been hurt-
52) 10) dialog: Isaiah, if you don’t go get Samuel, right now, I’m gonna go get him myself.
52) 12) dialog: We ain't niggers, Isaiah. We men. I'd have thought you’d learn that by now. And with that, Nat reaches past Isaiah, opens the door an strides into the house.
53) 0) text: Nat bounds the stairs, Isaiah races to get in front. Jani emerges from her quarters, Isaiah waves her back in. At t top of the stairs, Isaiah cuts off Nat’s path.
54) 11) dialog: I’m right here, suh.
54) 15) dialog: Just got word from Reese’s farm. Cherry... she’s been hurt real bad.
54) 17) dialog: Yes, suh... A group of men... (CONTINUED)
54) 24) dialog: Some time yesterday I reckon’.
54) 27) dialog: Yes’suh. Isaiah arrives with paper and pen. Samuel jots a note and hands it off to Nat.
54) 28) dialog: Thank you, suh. Nat exits, followed by Isaiah who smiles, bows as he exit
55) 0) text: Nat rides like a man possessed, pulling every bit of spee possible from the colt.
56) 0) text: Cherry's bed sits draped by a translucent mosquito net. Elizabeth, eyes wet, sways nearby in a rocking chair, Joa asleep in her arms. She stills as Nat follows Catherine.
56) 1) dialog: Who halts when he sees the bed, its contents silhouetted the netting.
56) 6) dialog: 
57) 0) text: Nat's POV as he squeezes an ear of corn. Blood gushes ove his hand.
58) 0) text: Tight on Cherry's silhouetted profile as she stirs. Nat p the draped netting, moves close to her. Her lips move slightly within her bloated face.
58) 2) dialog: Love.
58) 4) dialog: No. You don’t apologize. You don’t owe that to anyone.
58) 6) dialog: She's here. She just fine.
58) 8) dialog: She don’t know no better. (then) Cherry, I need you to tell me who did this to ya. I’m gonna take care of it, ya hear. On my soul. (CONTINUED)
58) 12) dialog: I promise. He gently kisses her cheek, uses a nearby sponge to dab s from her brow.
59) 0) text: Nat arrives to find Samuel pacing on the porch. (CONTINUED)
59) 3) dialog: You wanted to see me suh?
59) 5) dialog: I believe she will be.
59) 8) dialog: Thank ya, suh.
59) 10) dialog: Yes’suh.
59) 12) dialog: Yes, suh. And Samuel disappears into the house.
60) 0) text: Nat and Isaiah hold silver trays of hors d'oeuvres. Isaia wears a curled PERIWIG. Several well-to-do guests populat the dinner table. We see Elizabeth, Catherine and Guiles. recognize Reverend Walthall, as well as Joseph Randall an his WIFE (60's). GENERAL CHILDS (50’s a commander of the state militia) is also present, his wife and DAUGHTER (20 at his flank. She eyes Samuel seductively. Samuel manages nervous smile before clinking his fork against a crystal glass. The room settles.
60) 10) dialog: Heavenly Father, we come to thank you for your word and your will. we understand it is written that “Eye hath not seen, nor ear heard- neither have entered into the heart of man, the things which God hath prepared for them, that love him.” We pray for and thank you for your protection and your promise that in our obedience, you will be an enemy to our enemies that you will oppose those who oppose us. Isaiah’s eyes snap open, rack to Nat.
60) 11) dialog: Continue to guide us oh, Lord and we will continue to follow. Through fire and tribulation, we will push forward, recognizing you alone as our source and strength. In your Holy name we pray...
61) 23) dialog: What's going on?
61) 25) dialog: Doin’ what? Nat looks to Isaiah who hangs his head.
61) 27) dialog: Requested her for what? (xe: Isaiah’s look) No. Just go and tell Samuel. He’11 straighten this out.
62) 0) text: Isaiah catches up to Nat, who strides toward the back doo As they reach the back steps, the door swings open to rev Samuel. He stumbles toward them.
62) 3) dialog: Samuel, please. You can’t do this.
63) 0) text: Nat, Nelson and Hark watch Isaiah walk Ester to the Big House. She glances back, eyes filled with sorrow, Hark’s shame. *
64) 0) text: Nat sits leaned against a tree. Looking out at- Hark, who stands in the exact spot we last saw him, his e fixed on the Big House. A few long moments pass, before- The back door of the Big House opens. Ester slowly emerge She notices Hark and slows to a stop, hanging her head. H closes the gap, takes her into his arms. As Hark walks her towards the slave quarters. *
64) 2) dialog: Something changing behind his eyes. * 90 91
65) 2) dialog: Hark. No response, as Hark continues on, his eyes fixed forward Nat watches Hark trudge away-
66) 0) text: Nat stands before Elizabeth and Jethro. Just past Nat, Brantley mulls on the other side of the screen door.
66) 1) dialog: He’s been banned from every church in the county for his sins-
66) 3) dialog: The world has its way with dealing with the immoral. Above all, those who cast that immorality onto children as he has. But, no one is without sin, Miss Elizabeth. (lets that settle) This man wants to repent and be delivered. As a shepherd of the Lord, it’s my duty to serve... So, I'd like to baptise him. (CONTINUED)
66) 10) text: Elizabeth studies Nat.
66) 17) dialog: Don't think I have a choice, Missus. This man still belongs to God. And to stand between God and his people is a dangerous place to be. A long beat, until-
66) 19) dialog: Thank you, Missus. (CONTINUED)
67) 0) text: Nat stands in waist deep water, Brantley before him. Nanc Bridget, Hark and others watch from the river bank. Jethr stands further back. If looks could kill.
67) 1) dialog: Do you confess your sins before God?
67) 3) dialog: Cross your arms. Brantley complies. Nat bends Brantley backwards into the water, covering his face before propping him back upright few slaves clap as Brantley wipes his face, offering Nat misty-eyed smile.
67) 5) dialog: Go and sin no more. Brantley nods as he trudges back toward the riverbank. ON as he stands alone in the water, staring toward the bank.
67) 11) dialog: “Take heed therefore unto yourselves, and to all the flock, over the which the Holy Ghost hath made you overseers, to feed the church of God, which he hath purchased with his own blood.” Silence. Samuel and Rev. Walthall share an incredulous lo
67) 13) dialog: “You were bought with a price; do not become slaves of men-”
67) 15) dialog: “Beware of false prophets who come in sheep’s clothing but inwardly are ravening wolves!”
67) 19) dialog: “He that stealeth a man, and selleth him-
67) 21) dialog: (standing) -or if he be found in his hand, he shall surely be put to death.” (CONTINUED)
68) 0) text: Nancy, Bridget and other slaves gather, as we reveal Nat strapped to a wooden post, centered in the middle of the courtyard. Hark and Nelson arrive, soon joined by another slave, SIMON. Jethro paces behind Nat, dragging a ten-foo long whip. He looks to Samuel who nods, then exits toward Big House. Bridget leads Nancy away as Jethro goes to Nat rips off his shirt.
70) 0) text: TIGHT on Nat who floats on his back. As his eyes peel ope he squints up to see the figures silhouetted against the One of the figures leans in close to reveal an angelic wo blocking the son.
71) 0) text: Nat’s eyes open to find Jethro, hovering, drunk.
72) 0) text: Samuel and Jethro arrive to find Nat alive and fully aler Despite his gaunt features and the infected puss bubbles protruding from his back, he supports his own weight.
72) 2) dialog: Oh, yes ‘suh. I've learned. (CONTINUED)
72) 6) dialog: Yes, suh.
72) 8) dialog: Yes, suh. As Samuel and Jethro walk off, Hark approaches.
73) 0) text: Nat lies on a cot, his back covered with steaming strips cotton. Bridget sits at his side. Nancy arrives with a th blade and a bottle of brown liquid. Bridget slowly peels a cotton strip to reveal an infested wound. She takes the blade, cuts a shallow incision into the bubbled flesh.
74) 0) text: Nat staggers in from the intense day of work. Sweat and d blood crust his shirt to his back. He spots Bridget in he chair, faced toward the stove.
74) 1) dialog: Hey Nana. Nat grimaces as he peels off his shirt. Several lines of fresh stitches. NAT (CONT’D) Stitches held up good... Nat rinses his hands and face in a nearby pot of water, suddenly stops. He looks to Bridget, walks to her.
74) 2) dialog: Nana? Her lifeless eyes fixed forward. A needle and thread rest between her fingers, a half sewn pair of pants in her lap
75) 0) text: TIGHT on Nat's face. His eyes cast down at something we d yet see. We PULL BACK to reveal Bridget’s body wrapped he to toe in linen on a plank table behind him. We continue pull back to find his eyes set on his closed Bible. He fl toward the back. “Ephesians 6:5-6 - Servants, be obedient to them that are masters..." “Matthew 5:38 -If anyone strikes you on the right cheek.. “Luke 6:27 Do good to those who hate you, bless those who curse you...”
75) 1) text: ON NAT as fix forward.
75) 3) text: WITH NAT as he flips the Bible again... His jaw tightens. He slowly rises, moves to Bridget’s wrapped body. He lift and carries her out of frame. We move in close on the Bib Closer until a verse fills the frame: (CONTINUED)
76) 0) text: Bridget’s funeral has long ended. Nat stands before her f grave. Dozens of single flowers litter a wooden cross. In BG Hark arrives.
76) 2) dialog: Mostly. (beat, then) I need you to round up a few men we can trust. Have ‘em meet us near the big cyprus at Cabin Pond, night after next. Hark eyes him, nods. A beat before Hark turns to leave.
76) 3) dialog: Hark... (Hark turns back) He's still here, brother. Even now.
77) 0) text: Nat sits alone in front of a small smoldering brush fire. few seconds pass before Hark and THREE OTHER MEN emerge f the dark. Nat stands, meets them. Hark is flanked by SIMO (24), Nelson and WILL (THE SLAVE WE RECOGNIZE FROM FOWLER PLANTATION) .
77) 2) dialog: I remember.
77) 6) dialog: (xemembering) Word travels fast. (then) You weren't followed? Will shakes his head ‘no’.
77) 7) dialog: Good. Welcome. Glad you’re here.
77) 10) dialog: Hold on. You come from Randall's.
77) 13) dialog: So was David. (then, to Jasper) Have a seat. Jasper timidly complies. Nat studies the faces before him NAT (CONT’D) Let’s pray... Heavenly father, we come to you this evening to thank you for the gift of your Word. We pray you guide our hearts and minds that we may follow your will alone. In Jesus’ name.
77) 16) dialog: I been followin’ the Lord a long time, now. Preachin’. Citin’ scripture. (MORE) (CONTINUED)
77) 21) dialog: Sharing the word through the few sections and pages I’ve been allowed... Holds his worn Bible up high.
77) 22) dialog: But, I’ve gone back into this Word. All of it. With new eyes. I see now that for every verse they use to support our bondage, there is a truth demanding our freedom. For every line they use to justify our torture, there’s another that damns them to hell for those actions. (beat) They say by the darkness of our skin, we’ve been cursed. That God's called our children and our children’s children to be beast of burden until death. That He's called our wives and daughters to warm their bellies in the night... (beat) This isn’t the word of the God I serve. He lets this sink in.
77) 23) dialog: The Lord has spoken to me; visions of what is to come. A rise of good against evil. “The first will be last and the last will be first”... (pointed) We've been chosen.
77) 25) dialog: The same as David and Gideon-and Joshua and Sampson... We will fight.
77) 27) dialog: At first. But once it begins, our brothers and sisters’1l join.
77) 33) dialog: How many slaves you think here? on all the plantations in-county?
77) 35) dialog: How many white?
77) 37) dialog: We'll take the armory in Jerusalem. We'll have guns too.
77) 39) dialog: That's right. We'll start at Turner's, then fight our way there. By then we'll number in the hundreds- thousands even. The grapevine’s ablaze with talk of fightin’. Slaves just like us, all over, havin’ meetings. Waitin’ for somethin’. Waitin’ for us. don’t look so sure.
77) 40) dialog: If ever there was a time to have faith my brothers, it’s now.
77) 42) dialog: We will.
77) 49) dialog: Soon. The Lord will provide a sign. Until then, remain steadfast, ready to strike at the moment of the Lord's call. (beat) With the strength of our Father, we'll cut the head from the serpent... We'll destroy them all.
78) 3) dialog: Something wrong?
78) 5) dialog: If there’s something you need to say, Isaiah, I'm listening.
78) 9) dialog: All I want, I want for the oppressed people of God.
78) 11) dialog: If it be God’s will.
78) 13) dialog: He has.
78) 15) dialog: In his ordered steps.
78) 21) dialog: I won't. (beat ) Nor will I forget he is a God of wrath. Isaiah turns back locks eyes with Nat a beat, before slip from the cabin.
79) 0) text: Nat pulls a near full cotton bag through a row. He glance to notice several slaves have stopped picking, their gaze directed upward. A shadow creeping across their faces. Na follows their eyes to see-
80) 0) text: Nat and Cherry lie opposite each other, eyes locked.
80) 1) dialog: The Lord’s called me... To stand and fight. A long beat, until- (CONTINUED)
81) 0) text: Cherry stirs awake to find Nat gone, a cloth-wrapped pack lies in his place. She opens it to find A BEAUTIFUL DRESS moment before she flips the bottom hem to find: THE PATCH FROM HER PREVIOUS DRESS. Off her look, we-
83) 11) dialog: (directly into his eyes) Yes. Before Samuel can utter a response, the glint of a swingi axe. INT. TURNER PLANTATION - OVERSEER’S BACKHOUSE - NIGHT 114 OVER BLACK we hear a KNOCK. Then another. A lantern flash to reveal Jethro, sat up in bed. A YOUNG SLAVE GIRL (10) beside him. Jethro rubs his eyes-
84) 0) text: Samuel crawls along his stomach, blood seeping from mouth Nat walks behind him, axe in his hand. Samuel props himse against the wall and we see the deep gash in his chest. Samuel and Nat's eyes stay locked a long beat. Nat turns, exits. On Samuel, left with his thoughts until his eyes slowly sag shut. 116 INT. SLAVE QUARTERS - NANA’S CABIN - (NIGHT) 116 Nancy lies asleep under dim candlelight. Nat sits bedside
84) 1) dialog: Mama. She wakes; instinctively reaches for her field clothes.
84) 3) dialog: You don’t have to work today, mama.
84) 5) dialog: You're free. She stares closely at Nat, suddenly noticing the blood on face, clothes and hands.
84) 6) dialog: The battle has begun, ma. (toward the cabin door) Simon. Simon pokes his head in. (CONTINUED)
85) 0) text: Nat, atop Jupiter, stares down at the many faces. Hark, W Nelson and Jasper are mounted at his flank. As Nat opens mouth to speak- Isaiah arrives in his blood-streaked robe Delirious, he CHARGES Nat, Will steps in his way.
85) 5) dialog: Your earthly master is gone. You are now free men and woman, servants of only the Lord. A murmur spreads throughout.
85) 6) dialog: As the sword of the Lord bears down on our enemies, our ancestors and unborn children rejoice. (beat) Are we dead? No. I say we are now alive, seeing through eyes that have been denied us since being born into the darkness of bondage. Stand with us... that your other captive brothers and sisters may also know freedom. Stand, that our children, for generations to come will know that with the supernatural power of God, we straightened our backs against the works of the evil one. A male steps forward. Then another. And other, until ever able man has stepped up. Off their determined looks-
88) 1) text: Nat stands in a room of an estate, eyes a military sword mounted on the wall. A REBEL and a SLAVEOWNER wrestle in BG. 123
89) 0) text: Nat, sword fitted to his hip, sits atop Jupiter amongst h men. They eye the Big House in the distance. Will trots u Nat.
91) 0) text: Nat and his men arrive to the plantation entrance. As the push forward-
91) 1) dialog: (hard whisper) Wait. The men stop. Nat stares out at the Big House and surroun structures. He squints into the dark. Did something move?
91) 6) dialog: Hark! Hark dodges gunfire, joins him.
91) 7) dialog: Tell the men to fall back.
91) 12) dialog: If we have a gun fight now, we'll never make it to Jerusalem-
91) 14) dialog: This ain’t about revenge, Hark. They have all had our wives and killed all our brothers! (beat) The root, not the branch. We must stay focused, brother. A long beat before Hark nods.
93) 0) text: Nat, followed by Will, Hark and others jogs from the dens forest, arriving to a clearing. Nat studies the treeline men continue to trickle in. Nearly fifty men in all. Even the last man emerges, Nat continues to eye the trees.
93) 1) dialog: This all of us?
93) 7) dialog: By now, I’d be two row’s down. Half bag full...
93) 12) dialog: No, suh. * (then, to the group) * On to Jerusalem?
95) 0) text: Nat and Hark, armed, stand on the main road. Dozens of re stand in ranks behind them, weapons ready. (CONTINUED)
95) 6) text: Neither Nat, nor his men budge. A beat before A GROUP OF FIFTY ARMED, LOCAL WHITES emerge from hidden positions wi the brick cul-de-sac.
95) 7) dialog: (to his men) The LORD is our light and our salvation, whom shall we fear? We slowly track across the faces of the rebels as they ey their adversaries. Cobb barks orders as the armed whites scramble to line themselves up.
95) 8) dialog: When the wicked, even our enemies and our foes, came upon us to eat up our flesh, they stumbled and fell... A white man fastens a BAYONET onto his rifle. We pass Wil NAT (0.S.) (CONT’D) Though a host should encamp against us, our hearts shall not fear: Cobb unholsters his pistol. We pass Hark....
95) 9) dialog: ...though war should rise against us... in this will we be confident! We arrive back to Nat, eyes focused and wild.
95) 10) dialog: 
95) 16) dialog: (to all) c'mon! (CONTINUED)
96) 0) text: Nat and the rebels sprint into the cul-de-sac, arriving a the Armory door. Will steps forward, smashes the lock wit axe handle.
96) 1) dialog: Line up!
97) 0) text: Nat, Hark and others storm in to find dozens of stacked crates.
97) 1) dialog: Open em’ up and pass ‘em back! The men begin cracking open the crates. Nat opens one him and his face falls. HIS POV to reveal- The crates EMPTY, HEAVY STONES sit in place of guns.
97) 2) dialog: Get outside-
97) 4) text: -Outside the armory door, bullets perforate the exposed rebels as they are attacked from every angle. Nat spots INFANTRY OF THE STATE MILITIA stand on rooftops in widows of the surrounding cul-de-sac buildings. Their power continues to bear down on the rebels inside. Nat, Will, Hark and the remaining others crouch low, dodg fire. Without warning, Will stands, storms outside it is with gunfire. (CONTINUED)
98) 0) text: Nat crawls towards the open door. As he reaches to close he spots two MILITIA SOLDIERS wheeling a CANNON. As they it toward the armory door-
98) 1) dialog: Get back! SLOW MOTION as the cannon erupts, Nat diving for cover ju before impact- BOOM!
98) 3) dialog: Come on! He helps three rebels through the opening, offers Hark a final look, before exiting. We stay with Hark, blood gushing through his fingers with every breath.
99) 0) text: Nat darts through the woods alongside a few of his men. Finally, they stop. Only three rebels remain. Gunshots ri out in the distance. The men crowd in. Nat barks instruct using his finger to draw a map in the dirt.
99) 1) dialog: OK, we're right here, about three miles away from Cabin Pond. That's there we'll regroup. Any other survivors’1l meet us there... Nat takes in the faces of his men. A closer look shows th aren’t men at all, but boys. (CONTINUED)
99) 9) dialog: You've done good. You've been brave in fighting... (beat) But, it’s time to go home. If you get stopped on the way, tell them you didn’t have anything to do with this. Tell them you ran when the killing started. The boys slowly stand, unsure.
99) 10) dialog: Go’on, now. They run off into the woods, leaving Nat alone.
100) 0) text: Nat runs through the swamp, splashing through the soggy marsh. He stops at a massive overturned tree, catches his breath. He burrows beneath the tangled roots.
106) 4) dialog: Did they hurt you?
106) 6) dialog: How is Joanna? (CONTINUED)
106) 13) dialog: And Mama.
106) 15) dialog: You heard anything on the others?
106) 17) dialog: I’m here... I'll always be.
108) 0) text: Nat kneels in prayer. A SOUND from behind and his eyes op He turns to find a YOUNG BOY we recognize as YOUNG NAT, painted royal blue. (The scene mirrors Nat's childhood vision). Demonic sounds permeate the forest. Nat stands, strides towards his younger self, placing a protective ha in front of him. WIDER to reveal Nat is alone. He stalks toward us and past camera.
109) 2) text: A WHITE MAN who spots Nat.
110) 0) text: Nat sits eyes fixed forward. A SHERIFF appears at the bar
112) 0) text: Nat is led up a narrow staircase and onto the wooden platform. He studies the multitude of people. *
112) 2) text: A viewing platform, where Nat spots John Clark who stands the flank of General childs. A million words unspoken. Na eyes then drift to Jasper who stands amongst patrons. Nat studies Jasper who struggles to hold his gaze.
112) 3) text: Nat’s face softens a beat, as he offers the faintest nod forgiveness. The sheriff motions for the roaring crowd to settle. Within minutes, the area is near silent, save a f scattered slurs.
112) 5) dialog: I’m ready. The sheriff exits and the crowd’s energy escalates to nea fever pitch. The UNDERTAKER fits a noose around Nat’s nec Draws the rope of the pulley and Nat’s body rises several feet above the platform. SOUND DROPS. Not a limb or a muscle moves as Nat hangs st as a stone. (CONTINUED)
114) 0) text: NAT TURNER, healthy and strong, stands staring into camer for a long beat (CONTINUED)
114) 4) text: SUPER: A prophet. A preacher. An American hero. His flesh destroyed, but Nat Turner’s legacy of resistance will liv forever.