1) 4) dialog: Then they dug a hole, roll him in it and walked on back. An UNKNOWN POV watches from outside the cracked cabin doo One of the other slave children, YOUNG HARK (10) pipes up (CONTINUED)
1) 8) dialog: Naw. They went on back and didn't never say nothing on it. (he giggles) Say they ain’t seen master all day. The cabin door opens to reveal NANCY TURNER (20's). She regards Nat, spooked.
1) 11) dialog: Nobody, mama. I just... remember-
4) 0) text: Giggling children, burst from the barn door, as John Clar gives chase. We lock in on Young Nat as he sprints ahead the group.
6) 8) dialog: Bye. Nat watches as John Clarke bounds the porch stairs. He an Elizabeth disappear inside. Nat lingers a moment, his eyes fixing on a hardcover BOOK draped on the back of a rocking chair.
11) 0) text: Young Nat runs for his life. As he crashes through the br a HAND scoops him up from behind. WIDER TO REVEAL Isaac sprinting, Nat dangling in his grip. 18
13) 0) text: 19 Young Nat, his skin royal blue, fills the frame. He seems look directly at us. NAT’'S POV A shadow moves. Demonic voices permeate the forest around him. A CLOAKED FIGURE hides in the distance. something behind him, turns. A MAN lies bowed in prayer, back to us. FEET AWAY. Off his demonic features-
15) 31) dialog: Yes’m. tee OF
15) 41) dialog: Yes’m. She gently takes his face in her hands, kisses his cheek before pulling him into a long hug. Bridget takes Nat’s h leading him out of the quarters as we hold on Nancy's loo despair.
17) 4) dialog: This shol’ is a lot of books.
17) 7) dialog: Can I look?
17) 9) dialog: Thank you, Missus. He flips delicately through the thin pages, his eyes scan the foreign words.
17) 11) dialog: Yes, Missus.
19) 6) dialog: Ten, suh.
108) 0) text: Nat kneels in prayer. A SOUND from behind and his eyes op He turns to find a YOUNG BOY we recognize as YOUNG NAT, painted royal blue. (The scene mirrors Nat's childhood vision). Demonic sounds permeate the forest. Nat stands, strides towards his younger self, placing a protective ha in front of him. WIDER to reveal Nat is alone. He stalks toward us and past camera.