19) 6) dialog: I’m getting MARRIED! As Kat and Amy squeal loudly and hug, Victor leans into N
24) 1) dialog: Can I have that? Kat looks over and sees Amy. She puts her drink on the ba but Amy can’t quite reach it from her stool. Amy makes an exaggerated reaching gesture and whimpers. Nick takes note as Kat slides the drink closer. Amy sips through the straw without picking it up.
24) 2) dialog: You know what I love about all this?
24) 4) dialog: Exactly! Today’s my day. Tomorrow will be my day. And the day after that? My day. As Amy gloats, Ed dances over. He’s a refreshingly unaffected upper-class Brit.
24) 6) dialog: Perfect. All ginny. 22.
24) 8) dialog: (ignoring Kat) But I’m not taking your name, buster. I’m a feminist! (shaking her drink) I need icey! Mr. husband-man, get me more icey!
24) 10) dialog: See what happens when you put off dance lessons til two days before the wedding? Ed looks to Nick for support.
24) 15) dialog: I don’t even know you, hunky-dunky, and I love you already. Kat throws Amy a dark look.
33) 3) dialog: To me! Cheering, the girls blow out their shots and do their bes down them in one go. Just then, Nick walks in. All eyes are drawn to him. The WORLD SLOWS as he beelines for Kat. He hands Kat her purse.
34) 0) text: Nick is surrounded by women and completely at ease. Amy’s drunk and pouty. TJ stands between Kat and Amy. Oblivious to the brewing tension, she’s eating beer nuts and starin Nick. 42.
34) 2) dialog: Why is he still here?! This snaps Kat out of her reverie. She scurries into prob solving mode.
34) 5) dialog: (sour) And to the cock in the hen house. 43. Nick kisses Kat on the cheek and smoothly departs. They a watch him walk out. TJ is still watching the door, as if Nick’s essence has lingered.
34) 42) dialog: Did Kat tell you she dumped you because of your funky breath?
34) 46) dialog: And we know Kat was the hottest ex- pat in school because she was voted Best Eyes, Brightest Smile, and Most Likely to Age Well. No, wait. That was me. Never mind. Kat can’t take it. 48.
34) 48) dialog: Oh, shut up and be happy. It’s always this or that. You’re never happy, you frowny-faced Grumplestilskin.
34) 50) dialog: You’re my half sister, but I whole love you. Kat’s furious but she forces a smile.
34) 52) dialog: Bacardi 151. Woody disappears just as Amy teeters and catches herself the bar.
34) 54) dialog: I don’t think I can go through with this.
34) 56) dialog: The wedding. (loud whisper) I am so, so bad! I don’t think I should be allowed to get married. Kat is blindsided.
34) 58) dialog: TJ! Virginia Slim! TJ comes dancing up, hands Amy a cigarette and a lighter. crowd watches as Amy puts the cigarette in her lips, pour the shot into TJ’s open mouth and lights it on fire with lighter. Then she leans over and LIGHTS HER CIGARETTE ON FLAMES COMING OUT OF TJ’S MOUTH. The bar erupts in CHEERS but Kat is left worried, trouble Amy’s confession. A beat, then she downs her shot. EXT. ED’S HOUSE - LATER The cheers ECHO in the night as Nick helps Ed walk toward his house. Ed navigates the pavement like it’s made of water. They reach the front door
36) 0) text: --Kat jumps out of The Pub Prowler and clumsily slots her card into the machine. --Kat checks her lipstick in the mirrored security camera a different ATM machine then flips through a stack of cre cards. She pulls out a different card and slips it in. --ECU on screen: MAXIMUM WITHDRAWAL £200. Kat’s at anothe ATM. In the Prowler, a couple of girls heckle passers-by Kat rifles through her cards, desperate for some un-maxed plastic. --The Prowler drops off a couple more girls. Kat walks ba from an ATM and gets in. EXT. TJ’S HOTEL - NIGHT Kat and Amy wave at TJ as she trips out of the Prowler an stumbles towards her hotel. TJ waves back with a bright happy smile--
37) 0) text: Kat and Amy stand in the driveway. They watch as the Prow pulls away. Amy is about to head next door, when she turn to Kat.
37) 1) dialog: It was a great party. Thank you. Amy reaches out to hug Kat. Kat wasn’t expecting the hug it’s awkward. Amy senses it and pulls away.
37) 3) dialog: When I freaked out at the pub? (she hiccups) That was nothing, just nerves. Don’t worry about it.
37) 5) dialog: God, Kat! Please. Don’t be nice to me. I can take anything right now but you being nice to me.
37) 7) dialog: I should get going. 52.
37) 9) dialog: I’m fine. I promise. Kat wants to say more but Amy is already walking away. Ka turns towards the house and just catches the light shutti off in her upstairs room.
51) 15) dialog: Hey, Ginger! Hey, Gilligan! How much do I love all this? I’m going to get divorced and remarried over and over again so it’ll last forever. Kat, be a sweetie, and go help with the rings. No way Jeffrey’s going to get it right. Amy breezes out.
53) 0) text: Nick and Kat burst in, late. Glistening hardwood floors mirrored walls. Eyes closed and hands clasped, Amy and Ed stand in a circle with SONJA, late 50’s, the melodramatic dance teacher. Kat and Nick join the circle. 66.
54) 0) text: Ed and Amy dance awkwardly to a standard as Sonja gives t instructions. ANGLE ON KAT AND NICK, dancing sedately, if awkwardly. Th is still tension between them. Kat, contrite, dares a gla into his eyes. 67.
54) 9) dialog: Fred Astaire and what’s her face!
55) 0) text: Nick, Kat, Amy, and Ed walk out of the studio. Ed skips d the steps and onto the street. Then he realizes what he’s doing and abruptly stops.
55) 2) dialog: Whatever you do, don’t mention Italy. Or politics. Or baby buggies. (beat) Or Edith Piaf.
58) 0) text: NICK’S POV: Amy and Jeffrey, their backs turned, are in t middle of an argument.
58) 1) dialog: (pulling her arm away) I said no! I’m getting married tomorrow! What do you want from me? Amy turns and sees Nick. Her face falls. Jeffrey sees him too, and blanches, then badly covers--
58) 4) dialog: What for?
58) 6) dialog: You know all that “if these walls could talk” stuff? Do you believe it? That a place has a memory?
58) 8) dialog: This place has been in Ed’s family forever. We used to spend weekends out here every summer. (with a sigh) (MORE)
58) 9) text: AMY (cont'd) God, I hope it doesn’t remember everything. LAUGHTER floats in from outside, an ironic soundtrack to Amy’s desperation. Nick pushes out the chair across from him. Amy looks at h a moment, then sits down.
60) 0) text: Amy is now sitting across from Nick at the kitchen table. Nick is shell-shocked.
60) 2) dialog: It was such a long time ago.
60) 4) dialog: If Ed ever found out.... 77.
60) 6) dialog: And she wonders why I swim to the bottom of a Lemondrop every time I see her. Nick pushes back from the table. He’s at a loss for words
65) 7) dialog: Apparently, Kat and I were inseparable. 82.
65) 11) dialog: So Tony Pee-Pants starts ignoring Kat. He wanted to play with me.
65) 15) dialog: Whatever. The point is, Tony ended up with a chair in his face.
71) 4) dialog: Please don’t say anything. Kat looks at Amy like they’ve never met. Amy’s eyes are wild, silently pleading.
71) 5) dialog: Please. Kat has never felt more alone. She looks everywhere for Nick. He finally emerges from the house and comes to Kat’s resc folding her in his arms. Kat holds onto him for dear life Then- -
71) 6) dialog: (to Nick) I can’t believe you told her! Kat pulls away from Nick, confused. As she stumbles backwards, all she sees is Nick’s face. All she hears is Amy’s voice, miles away.
71) 7) dialog: You said your job was discretion. You couldn’t wait until you got back to New York? Bunny and Victor watch, confused, as Kat runs out. Nick r after her as Ed approaches Jeffrey.
74) 0) text: Kat stands at the window, her eyes puffy. She watches as Nick drives away, then she turns around. Her mom and dad wait in the darkened living room. Kat tri to be strong, but then she goes to her father, burying herself in his arms. Bunny hides a pang of disappointment she gently touches Kat’s head. INT. KAT’S ROOM - FLETCHER-WOOTEN ESTATE - LATER Kat straightens up her room. A KNOCK on the door and Amy walks in.
74) 1) dialog: Hey.
74) 3) dialog: I just wanted to say thank you. For not outing me in front of Ed. I want to tell him. Just not on the night before our wedding. With these kind of things, timing is everything. Kat turns on her sister, she’s smiling.
74) 5) dialog: You know what? I’m not having this conversation right now.
80) 0) text: Limos wait outside both Kat’s house and the house next do Bunny fusses with Amy’s dress as they walk toward the car Victor and Kat follow, arm in arm. ANGLE ON VICTOR AND KAT. Victor looks at Kat, who is tryi to be brave. It’s almost working.
81) 0) text: Amy nervously fusses with her dress when Kat walks in. Ka stops when she sees her sister, glowing in a beam of dust light. It takes Kat’s breath away.
81) 2) dialog: Yeah. Most important day of my life. Whatever. Listen, I chose you to be my Maid of Honor for a lot of reasons: I love you, you’re my favorite, and only, half-sister blah blah blah. But the main reason I picked you is because you’ve been so miserable for the past few years, I knew you wouldn’t outshine me. (beat) But here it is, my big day. My big day. And something doesn’t feel right. Maybe it was that pep talk you gave me last night, I don’t know, but your misery just isn’t working for me anymore. Amy tries to keep up her tough attitude but when she leve her gaze at Kat, her eyes cloud with a regret deeper than thought her capable of. 96.
81) 3) dialog: It was a horrible thing I did to you. I’m really sorry. Amy takes her sister’s hand. Then lets it drop.
81) 4) dialog: I know you hate when I get what I want. But right now, all I want is for you to be happy. ON KAT as this sinks in.
84) 0) text: Amy watches through a crack in the door as the GUESTS tak their seats.
85) 0) text: Amy paces nervously. Ed knocks and enters, covering his e so he doesn’t see her dress.
87) 0) text: The Guests are all seated now, and the organ has begun it mood music. In the atrium just outside the church, the entire wedding party, minus Amy and Ed, is gathered, wait 98.
91) 0) text: Amy faces Ed, her eyes red and puffy.
91) 1) dialog: I was too scared to tell you. I thought you’d never speak to me again. I’m so sorry. Ed is reeling, he just stares at Amy, saying nothing. Amy finally doing her penance. The silence is killing her.
91) 2) dialog: Say something. Please.
91) 4) dialog: Jeffrey told her last night.
95) 0) text: Back inside, Amy nervously awaits her fate. Kat enters. S wants to hug Amy, but offers her a tissue instead. Amy ta it gratefully.
98) 0) text: Nick and Kat stand in a dark doorway, facing the closed d They share a secret smile in the dark. Just then, the USHER opens the door and Nick leads Kat do the aisle. As they walk, they exchange sidelong glances. Both are as nervous and excited as school kids. Behind them, Victor and Amy beam as they await their turn Nick leans over and whispers in her ear. 103.
99) 0) text: In the background, Amy and Ed stand at the altar. They ho hands tightly, grateful to have lost and found each other Nick and Kat peek across at each other. They both smile.
100) 0) text: Kat speaks into a microphone, trying to deliver her speec All around her, she sees faces: Mom, Dad, Amy, Ed, TJ. Ka looks down at a crumpled scrap of paper.
101) 0) text: The STAFF has already started packing up. Ed’s Father whispers something to the BANDLEADER and pulls his wife o on the dance floor. He spins her around as “Ma Vie en Ros begins to play. She smiles, happily, as they dance. Ed tries to keep a very drunk Amy away from the present table. Slouching on the piano, TJ makes out with her date Woody, the bartender. The CAMERA FINDS Kat and Nick on the dance floor.