18) 4) dialog: (singing) “Baby love, my baby love.” A few BRITS dart looks at this very American display.
18) 6) dialog: (to Nick) And who might this be? 16. Kat’s mortified but Nick quickly saves her.
19) 0) text: Bunny, Kat and Nick emerge into a sea of Burberry, floppy hair, and unspoken judgments. Bunny turns to Nick and Kat all business.
19) 1) dialog: This is a marathon, not a sprint. After welcome cocktails, you’ve got the hen party. Tomorrow, there’s a picnic and the rehearsal dinner and since you’ve conveniently left no margin for jet lag-- (squeezing Kat’s cheek) I need you to hydrate, baby. Nick and Kat are stunned. Bunny hops away as Victor approaches. Kat throws her arms around her stepfather.
19) 12) dialog: Welcome, friends and family! Then she taps the mic, which squeals. ON KAT, panic stricken.
19) 14) dialog: Victor and I would especially like to thank our out-of-town guests for coming to celebrate with us as we welcome Edward and the Fletcher- Wootens into our family. THE CAMERA ID’s LYDIA and GEORGE FLETCHER-WOOTEN, 60’s. George shifts uncomfortably. Lydia waves as though addressing a room full of her subjects. 18. ON JEFFREY, searching the crowd for someone. His eyes lan on Kat. She doesn’t see him. He stares at her meaningfull BUNNY (CONT’D) It’s funny. We always thought we’d marry off Kat first. We came close once, but that crashed and burned. Nervous laughter from the crowd. Kat smiles through the pain. Jeffrey winces sympathetically. His mind working, h spots a piano nearby. BUNNY (CONT’D) Still, we had reason to hope. She was always one of the more “active” girls at the American school, and that’s saying a lot. Suddenly, a loud, lovely arpeggio from the piano. Bunny looks over, surprised. Then she smiles. ANGLE ON JEFFREY, sitting at the piano, playing. BUNNY (CONT’D) Okay, okay. I get the hint! Anyway, imagine our surprise when Ed moved in next door and fell in love with...the girl next door. Our Amy. Lucky for us, he had no idea it was an unforgiveable cliché. (raising her glass) A toast to the bride and groom to be. Congratulations, babies! Everyone claps as Jeffrey plays a final flourish.
23) 5) dialog: After Kat’s father died and I married Victor, I was so desperate for my little girl to love him. It never occurred to me that she might love him more. 21. ANGLE ON KAT AND TJ, still staring at Nick.
27) 3) dialog: Don’t be silly. It’s wonderful to finally meet you. Although, technically, I had no idea you existed because when my daughter turned twelve, she stopped talking to me, except when she needed money. So let me rephrase that. It was nice to discover you existed and then finally meet you all at once. I love surprises.
27) 6) dialog: Why, with you.
27) 9) dialog: (twinkling at Nick) I’m not as square as my daughter thinks. As Kat’s parents walk away, Bunny flirtatiously sidles up Victor and pulls him into their bedroom.
29) 0) text: Victor reads a book as Bunny scratches hieroglyphics ona white board featuring an elaborate chart of information. and Nick enter, see the chart.
29) 2) dialog: I’m sure General Eisenhower never had to master the finer points of the seating chart and centerpieces. (pointing proudly) Oh, and tomorrow afternoon you are carpooling to the country with the Fletcher-Wootens.
29) 4) dialog: Make sure you show Nick Regents Park. (winking) It’s romantic at night. Victor doesn’t look up, just pulls the car keys out of hi pocket and tosses them past Kat to Nick.
46) 0) text: Victor and Bunny sit at the kitchen table. Victor’s burie in the International Herald Tribune crossword puzzle. Bun looks out the window and sees Nick creeping towards the house, shoes in hand.
46) 1) dialog: She still thinks we don’t know about the boat thing. Victor looks up from his paper. He sees Nick, snorts, and goes back to his crossword. 55.
51) 17) dialog: Oh, don’t be that way.
51) 19) dialog: (to Kat) It’s not always about you, sweetie. Kat’s stung. Nick watches out of the corner of his eye.
51) 22) dialog: Tell me about it. Bunny squeezes Kat’s cheek and kisses her. 61. BUNNY (CONT’D) Oh honey, it’s not that I love Amy more. It’s that she lets me love her. This flip comment hits Kat hard. BUNNY (CONT’D) (obliviously) I’m off. Ta-ta! As Bunny walks out, Victor raises an eyebrow, then goes b to his crossword. Kat stands a moment, feeling awkward.
55) 5) text: EXT. KAT’S HOUSE - ST. JOHN’S WOOD Victor tows the boat with an annoyed Bunny in the passeng seat. As they pull out of the driveway, they wave to Nick who sits on a stone wall in front of the house. Nick talks on his cell phone, Kat’s bags piled high next him, as Pigeons walk and flap around him. Kat appears carrying two bottles of water. When Nick sees Kat, he hangs up too quickly. Kat pretends not to notice. She eyes the pigeons suspiciously.
59) 2) dialog: Let me think. You stole seven years of her life with your charm and your bullshit and now you want a couple more minutes? Sure. Go right ahead. As Jeffrey walks away, Kat whispers to her mother.
64) 0) text: Nick and Victor, sipping cocktails, stand on a back balco overlooking the party preparations. In the backyard below Bunny zips around, hissing orders at the STAFF.
64) 1) dialog: You, with the hair and all the bright ideas. Paper lantern plus open flame equals no-no.
65) 0) text: The rehearsal dinner is underway. Strung with paper lanterns, the yard looks enchanted. The usual suspects ar packed around a candle-lit table, absorbed in lively conversation. Jeffrey, brooding, doesn’t engage, just dri heavily. At the center of it all, Nick is quietly relishing being part of this family dinner. Kat and Nick make eye contact They’ve finally caught up with the couple they were pretending to be at the beginning of the weekend. Bunny’s voice cuts through the din like a knife-- 81.
65) 1) dialog: I blame Tony Pee-Pants!
65) 3) dialog: Why should this be any different? (taking Nick’s arm) Besides, I have to initiate Nick into the family. (to Nick) I blame Tony for why my two girls can’t seem to get along. Kat and Amy moan, here we go. BUNNY (CONT’D) Oh, don’t deny it. You barely tolerate each other.
65) 6) dialog: It was just after we moved here. My little girls got in a fight over Tony Pee-Pants and they haven’t made up since. Amy rolls her eyes, saves them all from Bunny by telling story herself.
65) 8) dialog: If Kat ate a banana, Amy threw it up.
65) 16) dialog: (in her defense) It was plastic. And child-sized. But there were some stitches involved.
65) 19) dialog: I’m an American and in America, people sue. So to prevent a lawsuit, I baked a tart. And I don’t bake.
65) 22) dialog: (shaking her head) What happened to my little angels? Amy and Kat both ignore their mother, who’s misting up.
65) 26) dialog: I have absolutely no idea. Everyone laughs. 84.
74) 0) text: Kat stands at the window, her eyes puffy. She watches as Nick drives away, then she turns around. Her mom and dad wait in the darkened living room. Kat tri to be strong, but then she goes to her father, burying herself in his arms. Bunny hides a pang of disappointment she gently touches Kat’s head. INT. KAT’S ROOM - FLETCHER-WOOTEN ESTATE - LATER Kat straightens up her room. A KNOCK on the door and Amy walks in.
76) 1) dialog: I don’t believe you. Bunny sits next to Kat in a barber’s chair.
77) 0) text: Kat stands in the car park behind the salon, furtively sucking on a cigarette as she pulls off an old nicotine patch. Choking, she throws down the cigarette as the salo door opens and Bunny steps out.
77) 1) dialog: What’s going on with you two?
77) 3) dialog: There’s a reason I always tell that Tony Pee-Pants story, you know. 94.
77) 5) dialog: (pressing on) Before Tony, you and your sister were best friends. I couldn’t split you up. If your sister ate the spinach, you ate the spinach. If you threw up--.
77) 8) dialog: So she flirted with Tony, and you got mad and sent him away. who did that leave? (beat) You and Amy. Reunited. Kat stands, stunned, as Bunny brushes her hand against Ka cheek. BUNNY (CONT’D) I wish I had known it would go by so fast. Kat watches, full of emotion, as Bunny leaves with tears her eyes.
80) 0) text: Limos wait outside both Kat’s house and the house next do Bunny fusses with Amy’s dress as they walk toward the car Victor and Kat follow, arm in arm. ANGLE ON VICTOR AND KAT. Victor looks at Kat, who is tryi to be brave. It’s almost working.