16) 3) text: The father of the bride, VICTOR ELLIS, 65, wearing only a pair of socks, walks downstairs. He's completely comforta in his nakedness and trots around as if he's fully clothe He sings to himself. The words of the song are incomprehensible but he sings with an unrestrained Sinatr sass. Victor enters the kitchen, opens the fridge and starts scrounging. Inside the fridge door, Victor bends over and his bare butt sticks out. As he closes the fridge door, w cut to... A SHOWER DOOR SLIDING OPEN. INT. JEFFREY’S FLAT Inside, the best man, JEFFREY JOHNSON, 31, the guy from t snapshot under Kat’s bed, glistens with a post-shower flu Jeffrey towels off with a miniscule washcloth. Stepping out of the bathroom, Jeffrey notices an 18-year- NYMPHETTE watching him through her kitchen window. He crosses to the window but instead of closing the blinds, opens them wider and jumps up onto a pull-up bar. The Nymphette blushes and looks away. As he starts pumpin and his manhood rises dangerously close to frame, we...
20) 0) text: Kat is sneaking towards the ladies room when Jeffrey come out of the men’s room. Their eyes meet. Both stop dead. Neither can find words or even a smile. Kat pretends that seeing him isn’t a gut-punch, forces a silly grin.
22) 0) text: Jeffrey, a dashing Brit, is not a man who likes to wait, wait he has. Kat emerges from the W.C. as if she hadn’t s him before.
22) 2) dialog: Hello, Katmandu. As Jeffrey kisses her on the cheek, Kat’s eyes close and takes in his smell. It’s like coming home. She doesn’t wa it to, but something inside her stirs. JEFFREY (CONT’D) You look well, Gorgeous. All he has to do is look her in the eyes and her big plan fly out the window. Kat blushes. JEFFREY (CONT’D) Seeing you again....
25) 0) text: Escaping, Nick steps outside and bumps into Jeffrey, who teeters on the railing.
25) 2) dialog: Oh, hello. Jeffrey looks upset. Nick tries to break the ice.
25) 4) dialog: Ah, a philosopher.
25) 6) dialog: Crikey.
25) 8) dialog: Nothing, nothing.
25) 10) dialog: You Yanks and your therapy. It’s great. (beat) It’s all a bit too touchy-feely for me. A beat as Jeffrey watches the party. He sees Kat and Amy the bar and slowly turns to Nick. With difficulty, he beg to unburden himself to his new therapist 24.
25) 11) dialog: It’s just, there’s this girl I care for -- God, I suppose I could even say I love her -- and the bugger is, of course, she’s here with someone else. Bollocks! Nick hides his surprise as Jeffrey raises his glass ina silent toast to his misery. Nick is just clinking glasses with him when Kat appears and slips her arm in his.
25) 13) dialog: Hey, Kat.
25) 19) dialog: You hate sports. Kat squeezes Nick’s arm, adoringly. 25.
25) 21) dialog: (to Nick) Right. I should be going. Good to meet you. Perhaps I’1l see you at the stag party. My place. (to Kat) You know the address. Kat watches him rejoin the party.
34) 9) dialog: What’s his problem?
34) 11) dialog: There’s something about him that’s just a bit odd.
34) 13) dialog: No, that’s not it. Jeffrey pours Ed another drink. JEFFREY (CONT’D) You are a tosser. Jeffrey’s suddenly emotional. 44.
34) 14) dialog: Remember when we went hiking in the lake district and Amy was wearing that little bikini thing.
34) 16) dialog: It was before you started going out. We had lunch at that inn on the lake.
34) 18) dialog: And Kat was fully clothed.
34) 20) dialog: That’s when I realized I wanted to be a doctor.
34) 22) dialog: Lasik surgeon, actually. Jeffrey takes a thoughtful sip of beer.
34) 23) dialog: I didn’t deserve her back then.
34) 25) dialog: Maybe I hate women. Nick appears. 45.
34) 28) dialog: Look, the thing is. About that love-of-my-life nonsense. I would appreciate it if you didn’t say anything to Kat. It was silly. It’s all rather complicated. Nick is about to respond when the music CRESCENDOS and a STRIPPER strides in from the back room. Spotting Ed, Jeff clothes-lines him and drags him off into a chorus of GUY- HOWLS and CHEERS. INT. WOODY’S WATERING HOLE - LATER The bachelorette-party girls CHEER as they down drink num seven at bar number seven, an Australian outback-themed p Things have gone way downhill -- or uphill -- depending o how you look at it. Kat sits at the bar. In the background, Amy dances drunke with TJ. WOODY, the dorky, sexy Australian bartender, appears behind the bar with a drink for Kat.
51) 36) dialog: Let me guess. Amy presumed I’d forget the rings. (off her look) I think I’m her least favorite person. (beat) You know, I am sorry.
51) 38) dialog: Ed’s mother. They share a moment.
51) 40) dialog: I have regrets. Kat jumps down his throat, instantly abandoning her false largesse.
51) 42) dialog: Kat, we must talk. This guy, there’s something not quite right
51) 44) dialog: Is that why you brought him? Because of me. Kat laughs way too hard.
51) 48) dialog: Kat, wait. I don’t want you hating me. We’ve never had this talk. You know how crap I am at this.
51) 50) dialog: Kat, stop it. You do. You can’t even look me in the eye. You went back to the States when we split up. Jeffrey sees Kat flinch. He knows he’s hit something. She looks away.
51) 52) dialog: It was. And it took your sister getting married to get you back here.
51) 54) dialog: I should have told you why I broke up with you. I was a coward. You deserve to know. Just then Nick walks up. He puts a protective hand on Kat back and shakes Jeffrey’s hand. 65.
51) 56) dialog: Sorry, can you give us a moment?
58) 0) text: NICK’S POV: Amy and Jeffrey, their backs turned, are in t middle of an argument.
58) 2) dialog: Right, then. I’1l get youa Tofurky Burger instead. Jeffrey walks out stiffly and Amy, mortified, turns and stares blankly out the window.
59) 0) text: Kat is standing with her mother, absentmindedly looking f Nick, when Jeffrey approaches.
59) 1) dialog: May I have a word? It’ll be just a minute.
61) 0) text: Jeffrey speaks to Kat with disarming sincerity. Kat tries keep her guard up, but despite herself, she’s listening.
61) 1) dialog: You were so good to me. I swear I never meant to hurt you. We were together what, five years?
61) 3) dialog: Right. Seven. (realizing) Christ, that’s a long time, isn’t it?
61) 5) dialog: Well, we had a lot of good years but then... Jeffrey fumbles.
61) 7) dialog: It’s not supposed to be anything, Kat. It’s just my rather feeble attempt to.... Oh, I don’t know. (beat) You see, I thought I could deny my feelings-- Something catches Kat’s eye: Nick exiting the boathouse. Even from this distance, she knows that something is wron 78. JEFFREY (CONT’D) You’re not even listening.
65) 0) text: The rehearsal dinner is underway. Strung with paper lanterns, the yard looks enchanted. The usual suspects ar packed around a candle-lit table, absorbed in lively conversation. Jeffrey, brooding, doesn’t engage, just dri heavily. At the center of it all, Nick is quietly relishing being part of this family dinner. Kat and Nick make eye contact They’ve finally caught up with the couple they were pretending to be at the beginning of the weekend. Bunny’s voice cuts through the din like a knife-- 81.
66) 0) text: Many of the guests have gone. Empty bottles of wine litte the table. Only the immediate family, TJ, Nick and Jeffre remain. Jeffrey’s still drinking heavily and Kat’s not at the table.
67) 0) text: Kat pulls a bottle of wine off the top shelf just as some comes up behind her. Kat feels a hand on her back, spins around and drops the bottle. Jeffrey reaches out and grab it before it drops. She looks at his somber face, takes t bottle, and sets it back on the shelf.
68) 0) text: Nick looks for Kat. Concern crosses his face as he notice that Jeffrey’s gone, too. Nick picks up a couple of empty wine bottles off the table.
70) 1) dialog: Well, in a way, you were right. The prob was, you were in love. I wanted to be. But I wasn’t.
70) 2) dialog: 
70) 3) dialog: If I’d have confessed, you would have forgiven me. But the truth is, I didn’t want to be forgiven. I sort of just needed it to end. 85. Kat processes Jeffrey’s words, tries to be open. JEFFREY (CONT’D) Bollocks, I’m sorry. I had no idea this would be so difficult
70) 5) dialog: Brilliant.
70) 9) dialog: I slept with your sister. Silence.
70) 11) dialog: I shagged Amy. Two years ago. That’s why I ended it. And then after you left, sod it, we kept at it like rabbits until we both realized it was absolutely mad. And, you know, morally wrong. Then there was that one other time. And that was it. Kat stares at him, blood pounding in her ears.
70) 12) dialog: Last Christmas when Ed proposed, I realized...I’m in love with her. I can’t lose her. She feels like she’s trapped in a horror movie. She’s got get out of here. In a daze, she turns around and heads toward the stairs. JEFFREY (CONT’D) What? Good lord, say something. You said I should tell you the truth. Kat stops dead, her jaw stiffens. When she turns and look at him, her face is filled with loathing.
71) 0) text: Kat emerges like a sleepwalker. She looks for Nick, doesn find him anywhere. She drifts toward the table. Jeffrey appears in the doorway behind her. TJ is the first to look up. She sees Kat’s face, sees Jeffrey, and knows what happened. TJ goes to Kat.
71) 9) dialog: Nothing.
71) 11) dialog: Now is not the time to catch on. (re: Ed’s empty glass) It is, however, time for another round.
92) 0) text: Ed slams the door on his way out of the annex. He charges the aisle, past the pews full of guests. Guests MURMUR in surprise. Ed picks up speed. He's like a heat-seeking missile that's found its mark: JEFFREY, stands at the back, chatting up a DUMPY BRIDESMA He turns just in time to see Ed running up the aisle. TJ spots Ed, too. Jeffrey’s seen this movie before -- he knows he’s about t get his ass kicked. Jeffrey drops everything and starts running. At that mome TJ grabs a FLOWER GIRL and uses the little girl to trip Jeffrey. He falls, scrambles back up and keeps running.
93) 0) text: Kat trudges up the church steps, her head down. Just then the door bursts open and Jeffrey flies out of the church races down the street. Moments later, Ed explodes from th church and takes off after Jeffrey. Kat watches them run down the street, confused, then goes inside.
94) 0) text: Nick’s staring straight ahead when something STREAKS PAST HIS WINDOW. 100. Nick thinks he’s seeing things, looks in the rear-view mi to investigate. Just then, ANOTHER FORM STREAKS PAST. Nick looks out the back window and sees Ed chasing Jeffre down the street. Nick shakes his head, but keeps driving. This family is not his problem anymore. Nick wills his eyes to stay on the road, but then he can’ help it. He looks into the rear-view mirror again. Almost despite himself, Nick throws the car into a U-turn He catches up and pulls alongside Ed, who’s still chasing Jeffrey.