0) 0) dialog: (sweetly) Hold on!
1) 0) text: A BIKE MESSENGER stands outside Kat’s door. He busts a covert ipod dance while he waits.
1) 1) dialog: Coming! INT. KAT’S FOYER Kat wipes her face and inhales, summoning deep calm.
2) 0) text: The Bike Messenger looks up as the door swings open. Kat_is a_ changed woman. Nothing like the girl we saw on floor. You’d never know she had been crying. Or that she even knows how.
2) 1) dialog: I’m so sorry. I wasn’t quite ready for you. Kat props the door open with her foot as she slides a pla ticket into an envelope. She scribbles a name on the envelope, seals it, and hands it to him.
2) 2) text: Lady, you said this was a rush. I can’t rush anything anywhere if you don’t give it to me. Kat looks down at the envelope, she’s still holding on to
2) 3) dialog: It’s a plane ticket.
2) 5) dialog: For a date. (beat) For my date. To my sister’s wedding. In London. (beat) He’s never met my family.
2) 7) dialog: Yeah. (beat) You’re going to have to help me. The Bike Messenger gently tugs the envelope out of her ha Kat smiles.
2) 8) dialog: Thank you. The Bike Messenger looks at her with genuine concern. INT. KAT’S APARTMENT Racing against time, Kat throws open a linen closet to re three neat rows of plastic bins, all perfectly labeled. K reaches into the bin marked "TRAVEL" and pulls out a pre- packed toiletry kit. Kat pulls a box marked “LONDON” out from underneath her b She opens it. Pushing aside an old private school uniform and some let she pulls out a worn London A-Z, a Ziploc marked “ADAPTER and her passport. She’s about to close the box when she sees an old photo. it, a GORGEOUS GUY kisses Kat on the cheek. He’s holding camera himself -- it’s blurred and goofy, but full of lov Kat jams it back in the box and shoves it under the bed.
3) 0) text: The Bike Messenger darts in and out of traffic, avoiding throngs of NEW YORKERS enjoying this crisp fall day. INT. KAT’S APARTMENT Kat races through her apartment, packing, cleaning, getti ready. Her place is small yet put together. It’s Crate an Barrel meets Martha. But in a good way. INT. KAT’S BATHROOM Kat, finally still, stares into the mirror as she brushes teeth. There’s a strange intensity to it, like she’s scrubbing away the last of her distress.
6) 0) text: His face obscured, the man steps into the purring Town Ca EXT. KAT’S APARTMENT BUILDING A TAXI DRIVER slams his trunk as Kat gets in. Kat’s apprehensive face peers out the window as they pull away.
6) 1) text: A ridiculously long line snakes towards the X-Ray machine Latte in hand, Kat cuts right through the middle. Irate PASSENGERS scowl at her. Kat does this every day. S should be used to the looks by now. She’s not. She pointedly flashes the crowd her AIRPORT EMPLOYEE BADGE as sails through security.
7) 0) text: Kat enters the Virgin Atlantic customer service hub. It’s cramped as it is busy. A FEMALE EMPLOYEE approaches with question. Kat puts up her hand.
7) 1) dialog: I’m off duty. I do not exist. Don’t even look at me. The lady backs off. As Kat hurries away, a HARRIED EMPLOY matches her step and launches in.
7) 3) dialog: I would love to help you. Sincerely. But my sister’s getting married this weekend, I haven’t seen my family in two years, and my flight leaves in fifteen minutes. The Harried Employee looks like he’s going to lose it. Ka struggles, then caves.
7) 4) dialog: You take Taipei. Tammy’s schnauzer just had puppies. (MORE)
7) 5) text: KAT(cont'd) Put her on the dead dog. Park reps with wheelchairs at every john in T8. If Grandma just got off a trans-con she’s gotta go sometime. Kat starts to walk away.
8) 0) text: On the phone, Kat is in the middle of saying way too much
8) 1) dialog: (into phone) I completely understand, sir. You just want your in-laws to see you the way you see yourself. Or at least the way you would see yourself if you didn’t feel so victimized by them. At that moment, a CLIPBOARD manager walks by. He overhear Kat’s diatribe and is incredulous.
8) 3) dialog: Huh?
8) 5) dialog: (into phone) Mr. Rajagopal, we regret that you were snowed in at Dulles but snowstorms fall under a category called force majeure. Along with earthquakes, hurricanes, and floods. In short, we’re not liable. Kat checks to make sure the Clipboard has moved on. she continues, softly but very quickly. Then,
9) 0) text: Kat sits in first class, absently scanning the safety car A PRETTY WOMAN across the aisle notices and smiles.
9) 2) dialog: Hardly. My family moved to England when I was fourteen. My stepdad’s a professor at University College, London. (beat) I’m going back for my sister’s wedding...and the best man’s my ex. In case I chicken out, I want to know where all the exits are. Kat eyes the front door, nervously.
9) 5) text: Kat is hiding out. She tries to calm her nerves as a MALE FLIGHT ATTENDANT pours her a cup of water
9) 6) dialog: I’m not a knuckler. I fly all the time. In fact, I transferred from Heathrow two years ago and now I run Bags and Nags here at Kennedy, so things are going really well for me. The reason I can’t feel my legs is that any minute, my date is going to walk in that door. And I need him to look really, really good today.
9) 8) dialog: Oh, no. He’s here. The Male Flight Attendant looks out at the Man, who leans against Kat’s seat as he chats with a FEMALE FLIGHT ATTENDANT. Kat’s in a panic.
9) 9) dialog: What do you think? Does he look hot, and is it the kinda hot that’1l translate overseas?
9) 13) dialog: Hi. Hey.
9) 16) dialog: I’m glad you found it okay. The airport. The plane, I mean. Nick notices Kat’s anxiety, tries to settle her.
9) 18) dialog: Work must be crazy right now. Nick gives Kat a quizzical look. There’s something going here. Though it’s not clear what. Kat fills the space.
9) 19) text: I’ve gotta warn you, you know those families where everyone’s out of their minds but at the end of the day, they’re family, so you love them? (off his nod) Mine’s not like that. The Flight Attendant appears with a small tray. Kat notic the woman’s cheeks flush as she fumbles Nick’s drink. Nick smiles warmly, but deftly ends the moment. He’s like famous person who has learned to manage his adoring fans casual grace.
9) 20) dialog: I love my dad. But since he’s my stepdad, he’s technically not family. He’s more like a hostage. Kat tries to find her seat belt. It’s under Nick. She reaches beneath him, tentatively, then pulls back embarrassed.
9) 21) dialog: My seat belt, it’s.... Nick pulls out the seat belt and hands it to her. Kat buckles up, checks that it’s snug, then checks again. They sit in silence as the plane starts barreling down th runway. As they pick up speed, Nick takes Kat’s hand. She finds comfort in his touch, her need to talk abates momentarily She is safe. Kat closes her eyes as the plane levels off, then peeks o at Nick, who’s calmly staring out the window. She closes eyes again, this time for good.
11) 0) text: Nick and Kat wait at the baggage claim. She looks at his tie, then down at her dress. They are the exact same colo 10.
11) 1) dialog: (concerned) Please tell me you’re not wearing that tonight. Her dress is indeed the exact same color as Nick’s tie.
11) 2) dialog: It’s no big deal. Really. It just looks like a tailor cut off a yard of my dress and made your tie out of it. Nick doesn’t get it. He heaves one of Kat’s suitcases ont trolley full of matching suitcases.
11) 3) dialog: Don’t get me wrong, matching’s fine. It’s “matchy matchy” you’ve got to watch out for. (re: outfits) This is matchy-matchy. Nick, amused, tugs the last of the bags off the carousel adds it to a pile of what appears to be an entire floor m of matching luggage.
11) 5) dialog: Exactly. I want us to look like we fit, but not like we’re trying too hard to look like we fit. (beat) It’s welcome cocktails, not prom. With this level of matchy-matchy, we should be drinking peach schnapps under a bleacher somewhere. Nick laughs at Kat. Then fixes her with an intense stare.
11) 8) dialog: (dreamily) You have feet? Nick smiles sweetly and touches her cheek.
13) 0) text: Nick stands by the W.C., flipping through Cosmo. He can d that without looking gay. He talks to Kat through the doo
13) 2) dialog: Don’t patronize me. They’ve clearly been at this a while.
13) 4) dialog: Yeah, but I feel like crap. And if you feel like crap, it’s way better to look hot while you’re doing it He checks her out.
13) 6) dialog: Really? (beat) Don’t get too attached. She bolts back to the bathroom, nearly knocking over a ZI TEENAGER who’s waiting his turn. 12.
14) 0) text: Kat, alone in the W.C., meticulously rearranges a layer o paper towel on the floor so she can step out of her shoes She expertly slides off the first dress while simultaneou pulling another one on -- not an inch of skin shows. She struggles as the train rocks back and forth.
14) 2) dialog: No, I’m not. How’d he know?
15) 0) text: Kat emerges from the bathroom wearing the new dress. Nick checks it out.
15) 2) dialog: Mmm, nice dress? Or mmm-- (British accent) Gorgeous, I was insane to let you go!
15) 5) text: ZITTY TEENAGER(cont 'd) I mean, if it was all right with you. Kat gives the passenger an appreciative smile, then flies back into the bathroom. Nick, amused by her antics, steps closer to the door.
15) 7) dialog: (popping her head out) I don’t do naked. My sister? She does naked. Kat ducks back into the bathroom.
16) 0) text: Kat pulls her dress over her head.
16) 3) text: The father of the bride, VICTOR ELLIS, 65, wearing only a pair of socks, walks downstairs. He's completely comforta in his nakedness and trots around as if he's fully clothe He sings to himself. The words of the song are incomprehensible but he sings with an unrestrained Sinatr sass. Victor enters the kitchen, opens the fridge and starts scrounging. Inside the fridge door, Victor bends over and his bare butt sticks out. As he closes the fridge door, w cut to... A SHOWER DOOR SLIDING OPEN. INT. JEFFREY’S FLAT Inside, the best man, JEFFREY JOHNSON, 31, the guy from t snapshot under Kat’s bed, glistens with a post-shower flu Jeffrey towels off with a miniscule washcloth. Stepping out of the bathroom, Jeffrey notices an 18-year- NYMPHETTE watching him through her kitchen window. He crosses to the window but instead of closing the blinds, opens them wider and jumps up onto a pull-up bar. The Nymphette blushes and looks away. As he starts pumpin and his manhood rises dangerously close to frame, we...
18) 0) text: Nick pays the BELLHOP, who trolleys away their bags. He turns to find Kat. She’s wearing the red dress. The Zitty Teenager was right. It’s really hot. Kat starts doing a yoga breath of fire, trying to relax. Nick takes Kat’s hand and pulls her close.
18) 2) dialog: I’m not sure I can do this. Nick moves towards Kat as if he’s going to kiss her, but he whispers in her ear.
18) 5) dialog: Please, Mom. This is not the time to be yourself. Bunny folds Kat and Nick into a drunken embrace. Bunny gi Nick the once-over.
19) 0) text: Bunny, Kat and Nick emerge into a sea of Burberry, floppy hair, and unspoken judgments. Bunny turns to Nick and Kat all business.
19) 2) dialog: Dad!
19) 4) dialog: Meet Nick.
19) 11) dialog: The Yellow Pages. Victor laughs. Across the room, Bunny has found a microphone. She taps a knife on the side of a glass to ge everyone’s attention.
19) 13) dialog: Sweet Jesus, who gave that woman an amp? ON BUNNY, drunk with happiness.
20) 0) text: Kat is sneaking towards the ladies room when Jeffrey come out of the men’s room. Their eyes meet. Both stop dead. Neither can find words or even a smile. Kat pretends that seeing him isn’t a gut-punch, forces a silly grin.
20) 1) dialog: Thanks for, you know, with the piano.... It was really.... Hm. (beat) I have to pee. Kat slithers past Jeffrey into the w.c. 19.
21) 0) text: Kat wills her breath back. She turns on the water as if s were washing her hands. Then she confronts herself in the mirror and applies a coat of lipstick like she’s putting suit of armor.
22) 0) text: Jeffrey, a dashing Brit, is not a man who likes to wait, wait he has. Kat emerges from the W.C. as if she hadn’t s him before.
22) 1) dialog: Why, Jeffrey. Hello.
22) 3) dialog: Yeah? Just then, TJ, 30, Kat’s cousin, appears, wrapping Kat in hug. TJ’s deb-of-the-year perkiness is undercut by her Longshoreman’s tongue.
22) 5) dialog: You have more than one gynecologist? 20.
23) 0) text: Arms locked, Kat and TJ rejoin the party.
23) 1) dialog: You didn’t have to do that
23) 3) dialog: Don’t worry. I’m so over him. (beat) By the way, do you know if he’s seeing anyone? They spot Nick talking to Bunny, surrounded by OCTOGENARI He doesn’t look the least bit lost. In fact, he’s charmin the Dockers off them.
23) 7) dialog: Therapist. Just then, Nick looks up and gives Kat an intimate, “get here” look. TJ sighs audibly.
24) 0) text: Nick stands with Kat at the bar. The BARTENDER hands Kat drink.
24) 3) dialog: There’s finally a reason for the whole world to revolve around you?
24) 7) dialog: Except it’s Scotch.
25) 12) dialog: Here you are. Jeffrey is horrified. Stares at Nick, aghast
25) 14) dialog: Hey, yourself. (to Nick) I see you’ve met my ex. They all stand there, awkwardly.
25) 15) dialog: Did I interrupt something? Jeffrey looks desperately at Nick. Nick hesitates, then covers.
25) 18) dialog: Oh, yeah. (pointedly, to Jeffrey) So we split it. You know, as in “share.” People do that.
25) 20) dialog: Not when Nick explains them. Jeffrey’s desperate to get out of there.
25) 22) dialog: Well, he looks miserable. What were you talking about?
26) 0) text: They walk arm and arm. After the confrontation with Jeffr Kat’s excitement is almost manic.
26) 1) dialog: Jeffrey knows love like he knows macrameé.
26) 3) dialog: Of course he is. I’m here with my new man. (beat) I love it! Your magic’s already working. Let the suffering begin. Nick stops Kat and faces her. He is quiet but intense.
26) 5) dialog: No. She turns and surveys the room, trying to calm down. But then slowly her face begins to tense.
26) 6) dialog: What did he say exactly? I mean you don’t think he wants me back?
26) 8) dialog: What does your gut say?
27) 0) text: Nick struggles with Kat’s many bags as Kat’s parents esco them upstairs. Kat stops by her bedroom door, doesn’t go
27) 1) dialog: Well, here we are. They stand there, awkwardly sandwiched into the small spa 27.
27) 5) dialog: Where’s Nick sleeping?
27) 7) dialog: (not listening) My mother has a rule about men and women sleeping in the same room without a ring in the picture. She thinks it’s-- Kat puts her fingers up to do air quotes, then suddenly realizes what her mother just said.
27) 8) dialog: Huh?
27) 10) dialog: She must have drowned her rules in the Chardonnay. With that, Kat closes the door. 28. INT. KAT’S ROOM The door CLICKS shut and the happy couple separates instantly. Kat to one side of the room, Nick to the other Kat’s childhood bedroom has an aggressively floral decor.
27) 11) dialog: Sorry about the creepy room. I went through a painfully earnest Laura-Ashley phase. Kat takes a brown envelope out of her purse, opens it, an removes A STACK OF HUNDREDS. She hands the pile of money to Nick.
27) 12) dialog: Count it. Six thousand even. Nick doesn’t look at the money, just tucks it into his ba
27) 14) dialog: No, count it, anyway.
27) 16) dialog: I’m compulsive and weird? Nick humors her. Pulls out the stack of bills and counts
27) 17) dialog: Six thousand, right?
27) 19) dialog: How does it feel to get that much money just for being you? 29.
27) 21) dialog: That won’t be an issue, believe me. I find the idea of sex for money morally repugnant. (realizing) No offense.
27) 24) dialog: I’m desperate to start but I don’t have an addictive personality. Except for approval. That, I can’t get enough of. Nick notices an ‘80s poster of two guys with guitars, all hair and laser light shows.
27) 26) dialog: Graham Russell and Russell Hitchcock. Nick thinks about those names for a second, then his face twists.
27) 28) dialog: My parents had a German exchange student a few years back.... He must have left it here. Nick hides a smile as Kat ducks into the bathroom. INT. KAT’S BATHROOM Kat has left the door open a crack as she gets ready for shower. Unbeknownst to her, Nick watches from the bed, enjoying the ritual.
27) 29) dialog: (quietly) Everyone knows their greatest hits but some of their lesser-known ballads are surprisingly poignant Inexplicably, Kat stands on her tiptoes as she looks into mirror. It’s a little thing, maybe the tiles are cold, bu it gives her an innocence that makes Nick smile.
27) 30) dialog: What?
27) 32) dialog: What is?
27) 34) dialog: I do? Kat looks down, she never noticed before.
27) 36) dialog: I never took ballet. She smiles and kicks the door closed with her foot. INT. KAT’S ROOM - LATER Nick hangs up his tux. It’s definitely not a rental. Kat comes out of the bathroom, drying her hair with a towel.
27) 37) dialog: Have you ever done anything like this before?
27) 39) dialog: A wedding. Nick thinks about that. Kat wonders what’s taking him so long.
27) 42) dialog: I think that’s disgusting. Kat immediately backpedals.
27) 43) dialog: Not you. You’re not disgusting. You’re lovely. Just the idea that they’d bring an escort. I mean, a stranger who, um, didn’t...who never.... I mean, someone’s dead.
27) 45) dialog: Sorry. I’m a little nervous. I never thought something like this would happen to me.
27) 47) dialog: Well, happen, in the sense that I picked up the phone, tracked you down, flew you here and gave you six grand out of my 401K. Nick laughs at her. Kat pulls something out of her purse.
27) 48) dialog: Can I ask you something? Nick sees what she’s unfolding. It’s a crinkled New Yorke article. The artsy photo shows the FACE OF A MAN, blurred against a neon cityscape. The title: “Discretion Assured: Diary of a Male Escort.”
27) 50) dialog: I have a friend at the magazine.
27) 52) dialog: If it makes you feel any better, to get your number, I had to cough up two round-trip tickets to Amsterdam and a case of mini-Baileys. Nick shakes his head at her and pulls off his shirt. Kat instinctively looks away.
27) 55) dialog: Shampoo, got it! Kat grabs the shampoo and rushes into the bathroom. INT. KAT’S BATHROOM Without looking in the shower, Kat hands him the shampoo hurries out, way too quickly. Nick peeks out of the showe curtain. She’s gone. He shakes his head and closes the curtain. Suddenly, Kat reappears. She stands by the door.
27) 56) dialog: The part where you were a sexual surrogate and then started to, um, freelance. Is that really how it happened? Kat pretends to straighten things up as she moves closer the shower.
27) 58) dialog: Oh, no.
27) 60) dialog: Wow. Nick pokes his head out.
27) 63) dialog: You shit!
27) 65) dialog: And you thought I’d respond to the hippie stripper with no boundaries?
27) 67) dialog: This part here. You say, and I quote. “Each woman has the exact love life she wants.” (beat) That seems like a pretty broad generalization. Nick steps out of the shower. Kat, her eyes at the level his manhood, covers her subtle jaw-drop. Nick wraps a tow around his waist as Kat tries to pull it together. She lo down at the article, tapping it indignantly--
27) 68) dialog: So...what was I...oh, yeah. Do you honestly think that I want to be single and miserable? That I want to be obsessed with some asshole who led me on for years then -- out of the blue -- shattered my heart.
27) 71) dialog: What?!
28) 0) text: Nick and Kat walk downstairs, ready for a night out. Kat’ wearing an over-the-top sexy golf outfit -- pleated mini skirt, tight white oxford, plaid vest. On the bottom step Kat stops short.
28) 1) dialog: (quietly) Is it always women? Nick looks at her like she’s crazy.
28) 3) dialog: I guess so.
28) 5) dialog: Got it.
29) 1) dialog: (to Nick) Mom’s refining her strategy for D- Day. 36.
29) 3) dialog: Sir, yes, sir! She turns on her heel like a soldier, walks to Victor, an holds out her hand,
30) 0) text: Kat and Nick walk toward the car.
30) 1) dialog: So, um. What about testing? Nick opens Kat’s door for her.
30) 3) dialog: My sixth-grade science project was entitled, “Love Hurts: The Heartbreak of Human Papillomavirus.” Trust me, I’m careful. 49 37. Kat gets in the car and Nick shuts her door
31) 0) text: Nick drives while Kat navigates. They crawl down a small street, which bustles with activity. PATRONS of London’s many pubs spill out onto the pavement.
31) 2) dialog: This is awkward for me. (beat) Talking about it makes me feel better. Nick looks over at Kat, who gets quiet. She picks at noth on her skirt. The TICK TICK TICK of the indicator fills t silence as Nick changes lanes.
31) 5) dialog: Okay. Kat smiles, but stays quiet. Then--
31) 6) dialog: Do you pay taxes? 49
32) 0) text: Nick holds the door open for Kat as she gets out.
32) 2) dialog: Oh, come on. You're like the Yoda of escorts. (MORE)
32) 3) text: KAT(cont 'd) Getting you on the phone was harder than getting into college. Nick turns off the car, gets out, walks around, and opens door for Kat. She gets out and stands by the door
32) 5) dialog: Subtle?
32) 8) dialog: Show me. Nick shakes his head. KAT (CONT’D) Come on.
32) 10) dialog: Show me. Nick doesn’t say anything for a moment. Then he pushes he up against the car. It’s a gentle movement, but firm. Kat breathes in sharply from the power of it.
32) 19) dialog: Holy crap. You’re worth every penny. Nick gives her a half smile.
32) 21) dialog: Okay, Yoda. Silence.
33) 0) text: Kat passes out the shots to a pack of WOMEN all wearing hybrid golf-slut outfits: ass-tight polo shirts and plaid Capri pants abound. It’s “Society Girls Gone Wild.”
33) 1) dialog: Yo, ladies! Listen up! The bride has made the foolhardy and perhaps fatal request, that we play Pub Golf tonight. (holding up a shot) Behold hole one. There’s a two- stroke penalty for failure to finish a hole and a three-stroke penalty for barfing. Yell “Fore!” before you barf and it’s only two strokes. The girls are scared shitless. 41.
33) 2) dialog: We’ve got eight more holes waiting at eight more bars, so in the name of all things sacred, pace yourselves! (raising her shot) To Amy! Amy loves the attention.
33) 5) dialog: Silly me, where was my head? Kat can’t help noticing that the group of girls has subtl clustered around Nick.
34) 0) text: Nick is surrounded by women and completely at ease. Amy’s drunk and pouty. TJ stands between Kat and Amy. Oblivious to the brewing tension, she’s eating beer nuts and starin Nick. 42.
34) 3) dialog: Oh, sorry. You’re right. Girls only. Kat turns and throws Nick a look. Nick, ever sensitive to nuances, easily catches the hint and puts on his coat to
34) 7) dialog: To TJ’s lady business. And to Amy!
34) 30) dialog: I’m worried. Amy’s not good at drinking. She gets sooo drunk sooo fast. Does free alcohol get you less drunk or more drunker? (to herself) Is it ‘drunker’ or ‘drunker-er’?
34) 32) dialog: Woody? Woody just smiles.
34) 34) dialog: “,.,but it’s getting there. “ Kat clumsily lunges across the bar to hug him, knocking o a bottle of beer, which Woody deftly catches.
34) 35) dialog: I thought you were living in San Francisco. Or was it Nepal?
34) 37) dialog: You look so much better. Woody’s trying not to feel shy around Kat.
34) 38) dialog: Is this what you’re doing? Bartending? (beat) Not that it’s not great. It’s just, you used to have dreams and plans. Woody proudly points to Kat’s cocktail napkin. It says WOODY’S WATERING HOLE.
34) 39) dialog: Whoa! Good for you! 47. Woody’s weighing something. He decides to say it.
34) 41) dialog: (taken aback) I haven’t thought about that in years. Just then, Amy comes up behind Kat.
34) 43) dialog: Did Amy tell you she keeps her Homecoming tiara by the bed? To Kat’s annoyance, Amy laughs.
34) 44) dialog: She’s drunk. -er than me. But I didn’t really dump you, did I?
34) 47) dialog: Christ, Amy.
34) 49) dialog: Drunk isn’t the same thing as happy, Amy. They both know they’re serious but Amy pouts and throws h arms around Kat.
34) 51) dialog: Why don’t you get my half sister her seventh hole?
34) 53) dialog: Are you okay? Amy’s drunkenness turns. Tears well up in her eyes.
34) 55) dialog: Pub Golf?
34) 57) dialog: What are you talking about? 49. Then, as quickly as she went into the darkness, Amy pops She yells over to TJ.
35) 0) text: The bachelorette girls ride home in “The Pub Prowler.” It a senior citizen med-van that’s been pimped out with a fu bar and an all-shag-all-the-time interior. The girls are drunk and rowdy. Kat climbs up behind the DRIVER and taps her on the shoulder.
35) 1) dialog: Can you pull over at the next seven
36) 0) text: --Kat jumps out of The Pub Prowler and clumsily slots her card into the machine. --Kat checks her lipstick in the mirrored security camera a different ATM machine then flips through a stack of cre cards. She pulls out a different card and slips it in. --ECU on screen: MAXIMUM WITHDRAWAL £200. Kat’s at anothe ATM. In the Prowler, a couple of girls heckle passers-by Kat rifles through her cards, desperate for some un-maxed plastic. --The Prowler drops off a couple more girls. Kat walks ba from an ATM and gets in. EXT. TJ’S HOTEL - NIGHT Kat and Amy wave at TJ as she trips out of the Prowler an stumbles towards her hotel. TJ waves back with a bright happy smile--
37) 0) text: Kat and Amy stand in the driveway. They watch as the Prow pulls away. Amy is about to head next door, when she turn to Kat.
37) 2) dialog: Do you want to come in for a minute? We could talk about--
37) 4) dialog: But Ido. Iwill. You’re my sister. With a post-Bacardi 151 suddenness, Amy’s face contorts w shame. She recoils, an angry tear running down her face.
37) 6) dialog: (wildly confused) What? Why? What do you mean? Amy is suddenly in terrible distress.
37) 8) dialog: Are you sure you’re okay?
38) 0) text: Kat shuts the front door. She leans against it for a mome to get her balance, clear her head.
39) 0) text: Kat sits at the kitchen table, a glass of water in front her. She downs three aspirin and stares into the darkness
40) 0) text: Kat starts up the stairs. The first step CREAKS loudly. Remembering countless school-age sneak-ins, Kat flattens foot against the back of each step and soundlessly walks the stairs. INT. KAT’S ROOM - ELLIS HOUSE Nick is asleep in Kat’s bed, bare-chested under a single sheet. The CAMERA FINDS Kat standing with her back to the door staring at Nick. Nick stirs, opens his eyes, and rises on one arm.
40) 2) dialog: (whispering) Shhhh.
41) 0) text: Kat leads Nick down the driveway towards the BOAT TRAILER 53. On it, the twenty-six-foot CABIN CRUISER with peeling pai Kat unbuttons the weathered cover and peels it back. She climbs up a ladder and hoists herself into the boat. Nick smiles at the strangeness of this, then climbs in after h
42) 0) text: In the cabin, Kat flicks a couple of switches and a row o lights flicker on. She flicks another switch and a pierci sea-horn BLARES the “William Tell Overture.” She scramble to turn it off and checks the house for activity. A dog BARKS in the distance. Relieved, Kat pushes a tape into an old radio. MUSIC limp through hollow speakers. Kat leads Nick into the cabin and onto the bed. Without taking her eyes off him, Kat starts to slowly undress. He shirt drops to the floor. Then, a moment later, her skirt Kat breathes deeply then reaches behind her back and flic open her bra. We watch Kat’s face as she lets it fall to floor. Kat is indeed a woman who doesn’t do naked -- this killing her. On the bed, Nick doesn’t say anything, just watches. Kat wants to read something into his stare. Longing, desire, anything. But he’s utterly inscrutable. It’s both unnervi and extremely sexy. Kat steels herself and removes her underwear. She loses h nerve momentarily and pulls them up again. Finally, she slips them off and tries not to laugh as she scurries ont the bed. Hovering lazily in the waking dream of interrupted sleep Nick gazes at Kat. Ina trick of light, the cabin windows glow liquid, as though the moon were reflecting off water Nick runs his hand across Kat’s waist. She’s trying to ho back. He knows it and likes it. He takes her face in his hands and kisses her. It’s amazing. A different kind of kiss. They pull back and look at each other. In one swift movement, he flips Kat underneath him. Suddenly, the space between them collapses and they attac each other. 54.
43) 0) text: Kat’s house beams in the scarlet light of dawn. Two BIN-M walk down the driveway toward the bins. They grab three b and drag them noisily past the boat parked in the drivewa
44) 0) text: CLOSE ON Kat and Nick, asleep, their faces pressed up aga each other. We PULL BACK to reveal Kat and Nick entwined, naked. We P BACK further to reveal that they’re covered with a fleece blanket and a pile of life vests. Nick opens his eyes and looks at Kat, who is as calm and content as we’ve seen her. Then, he realizes where he is. It’s like waking up in a strange hotel room, only weirder because it’s a boat...in a driveway...in London. Nick carefully extricates himself and begins to dress. We seen this scene a thousand times before, but Nick’s escap breathtakingly precise and practiced.
47) 0) text: Kat’s eyes flutter open. Her hair is plastered into an impromptu quasi-beehive. She looks down at her “pillow.” It’s a buoy. Kat suddenly sits bolt upright. She grabs a life vest to cover her naked chest and looks around in horror. Then he eyes widen as she remembers the rest of the night.
48) 0) text: Kat slinks towards the house, retreading Nick’s walk of shame.
49) 0) text: Victor looks up from his paper and sees Kat.
50) 0) text: Kat’s almost to the house when she hears a loud, POUNDING She looks up to see HER FATHER tapping on the window and laughing at her. Kat’s mortified, but can’t help smiling. She waves and keeps walking.
50) 3) dialog: This is really sweet of you, but I need to ask you something. (desperately) What happened last night? Nick is taken aback. He sets down the tray. He’s not sure what to say, then makes a decision.
50) 5) dialog: Are you sure?
50) 7) dialog: Whether it’s true or not, thank you. Kat disappears and Nick bites into a Saltine as the showe HISSES on. Then something catches his eye. It’s Kat’s pur lying next to the bed. Stuffed on top, A WAD OF MONEY. His brow furrows, Nick picks it up and le through the stack of pounds and euros. INT. KAT’S BATHROOM In the shower, Kat lets the scorching water punish and pu her.
50) 9) dialog: Oh. Shoot. I-- She retreats into the shower, yanking the curtain closed. 57.
50) 10) dialog: (mouthing words) Shit! Shit! Shit! Nick pulls open the curtain and Kat instantly stops her pantomimed self-flagellation.
50) 12) dialog: Of course not. How...how could it be? Nothing happened.
50) 14) dialog: I didn’t want you to think I was expecting anything to be free or that I was expecting something at all. Well, clearly I was expecting something or I wouldn’t have stopped at all those ATMs on the way home. (beat) By the way, would it have been enough? I mean, if something had happened. Which it didn’t? Kat wants to slip down the drainpipe. Nick looks at her considers his words carefully.
50) 16) dialog: (quietly) Not if you take an advance on your credit card. Now Nick has to really try to stifle a laugh. Nick puts t money on the sink. He goes to leave, then turns back.
50) 18) dialog: And my Brazilian wax looks like... Brazil. (resting against the tile) Awesome.
51) 4) dialog: That’s not true. We checked for leaks a few years back (kisses her father) Good morning.
51) 6) dialog: (hushed) So you’re telling me. If something had happened last night...it would have cost me fourteen hundred dollars? That’s a down payment on a Ford Focus!
51) 9) dialog: And what if I didn’t want you to...to do that to me?
51) 11) dialog: What?
51) 13) dialog: But nothing did.
51) 16) dialog: (to no one) I’d be happy to. You’re welcome.
51) 20) dialog: How could you say that? Of course it’s not about me. It’s never about me when she’s in the room because you two are on a special team. You might as well have T- shirts made up. Kat lowers her voice.
51) 21) dialog: I’m sorry. I don’t know why I’m being so sensitive. I just get tired of being odd man out. Bunny looks over at Victor.
51) 23) dialog: (to Nick) Okay, then. I’11 catch up with you at the dance thing.... Sweetie. Nick gives Kat a casual nod. She exits. Behind the BUSINE section, Nick’s face is a mask. Then he smiles. This girl is nuts. A door BUZZES. INT. JEWELRY STORE - ST. JOHN’S WOOD Kat enters and approaches SAL, 60, a tough-talking, Cockn teddy bear.
51) 24) dialog: Hey, Sal.
51) 26) dialog: I get all the glamour jobs. He smiles and heads into the back. Kat casually looks int the counter. Her face is blank as she scans row after row engagement rings. Sal reemerges with two ring boxes. Kat takes the rings an smiles.
51) 27) dialog: Thanks, Sally. She turns to go. 62.
51) 29) dialog: Give it back? Are you nuts?
51) 31) dialog: Not exactly. I wear it. (defiantly) On my right hand. And only rarely. Just then, the door BUZZES. Kat turns. It’s Jeffrey, tugging on the handle. Sal scowls.
51) 33) dialog: Yes? No. What? (beat) Save the patter for the tourists.
51) 35) dialog: Of course, don’t be silly. Sal BUZZES Jeffrey in and gives him the dirty eye before disappears into the back. KAT (CONT’D) Hey, you!
51) 37) dialog: (warming) Maybe not her least... There’s always- - 63.
51) 39) dialog: So, tell me, how’s unmarried life?
51) 41) dialog: Whoa, Jeffrey. Slow down. You and me, we’re the past. I’m not sure if you noticed, but I’m here with someone else.
51) 43) dialog: It’s called character. God, you’re predictable.
51) 45) dialog: Don’t be absurd. Kat is about to walk out the door, but she can’t help herself. She stops.
51) 46) dialog: I brought him here because he’s my boyfriend. Because I adore him. Because late at night he takes me in his arms and.... Kat leans in and whispers something into Jeffrey’s ear. 64.
51) 47) dialog: I’d stick around and explain what that means, but even if I give you the instruction manual, it doesn’t mean you’ve got the tools to get the job done. Kat tries not to do a little “fuck-you” jig as she walks the door. EXT. STREET - ST. JOHN’S WOOD Kat strides away but Jeffrey catches up to her. She secre smiles at the power she is exerting over him.
51) 49) dialog: Um, news flash: I don’t give a shit.
51) 51) dialog: That was a long time ago.
51) 53) dialog: (wavering) So, what’s your point?
52) 0) text: Kat, furious, charges up the stairs--
52) 2) dialog: Oh, cut the crap!
52) 4) dialog: He was about to un-stick me! (hissing) I paid you to help me get closure.
53) 0) text: Nick and Kat burst in, late. Glistening hardwood floors mirrored walls. Eyes closed and hands clasped, Amy and Ed stand in a circle with SONJA, late 50’s, the melodramatic dance teacher. Kat and Nick join the circle. 66.
53) 1) dialog: (mumbling) Sorry. Sonja barely tolerates the interruption, closes her eyes breathes in deeply.
54) 0) text: Ed and Amy dance awkwardly to a standard as Sonja gives t instructions. ANGLE ON KAT AND NICK, dancing sedately, if awkwardly. Th is still tension between them. Kat, contrite, dares a gla into his eyes. 67.
54) 1) dialog: I’m sorry I was such a bitch. I really appreciate your doing this.
54) 4) dialog: You know what pisses me off? I’ve been spilling my guts all weekend but I don’t know anything about you. Not one thing. Nick looks down at her, considering.
55) 0) text: Nick, Kat, Amy, and Ed walk out of the studio. Ed skips d the steps and onto the street. Then he realizes what he’s doing and abruptly stops.
55) 5) text: EXT. KAT’S HOUSE - ST. JOHN’S WOOD Victor tows the boat with an annoyed Bunny in the passeng seat. As they pull out of the driveway, they wave to Nick who sits on a stone wall in front of the house. Nick talks on his cell phone, Kat’s bags piled high next him, as Pigeons walk and flap around him. Kat appears carrying two bottles of water. When Nick sees Kat, he hangs up too quickly. Kat pretends not to notice. She eyes the pigeons suspiciously.
55) 6) dialog: Pigeons creep me out. They’re like dirty doves...plotting something. 70. Nick playfully pulls Kat down next to him. Spooked by the increasing number of pigeons, Kat inches away from them a closer to Nick. Kat frowns, suddenly pensive.
55) 7) dialog: How do you have real relationships? You know, ones you don’t get paid for? Nick isn’t sure he wants to get into this.
55) 8) dialog: You have had girlfriends?
55) 11) dialog: So, why’d you say yes to me?
55) 13) dialog: Desperation? Nick doesn’t acknowledge her joke. Kat sneaks a look at h
55) 15) dialog: What would you do if you weren't an escort?
55) 18) dialog: Spontaneously combust? They sit in silence a moment. Just then, Ed’s parents dri up in a beautiful old Bentley. Ed’s mother reaches over h embarrassed husband and HOOTS the horn.
56) 0) text: Nick, Kat, and Ed’s parents unload the Bentley and carry their bags up the steps of a stately stone mansion.
57) 0) text: A small boathouse sits at the edge of a charming lake tha borders the main property. Nearby, “Jack Ship” struggles say afloat as PASTY KIDS sun themselves on the moored jun Ed mans an elaborate grill as GUESTS in summer hats mill about. AT A PICNIC TABLE, Victor plays poker with Nick, Kat, and From the pile of money in front of him, it’s clear Victor kicking ass. Victor throws in ten pounds.
57) 2) dialog: Call. All eyes are on Nick.
57) 6) dialog: Daddy! Victor won’t give it up. He answers.
57) 14) dialog: Have you guys ever had a real honest-to-God fight? Ed thinks about that.
57) 16) dialog: Yeah, right.
59) 0) text: Kat is standing with her mother, absentmindedly looking f Nick, when Jeffrey approaches.
59) 3) dialog: Thanks for the solidarity, but next time? A little less information. Kat follows Jeffrey toward the lake.
61) 0) text: Jeffrey speaks to Kat with disarming sincerity. Kat tries keep her guard up, but despite herself, she’s listening.
61) 2) dialog: Seven if you count the on-and-off years. Which I do.
61) 4) dialog: Not for a dog.
61) 6) dialog: Is this supposed to be an apology?
61) 8) dialog: When we were together I was “too here,” now I’m not here enough. FOLLOW KAT, as she walks away from Jeffrey through a stan trees and meets Nick. In the background, Jeffrey watches, confused, then walks away. Kat reaches out and touches Nick’s arm, tentatively
61) 9) dialog: Are you okay? Kat’s tenderness finds its way into Nick. It takes hima moment to recover.
61) 11) dialog: Yeah. They look at each other a moment.
61) 12) dialog: Let’s go.
62) 0) text: Nick and Kat walk back to the main house. Side by side, t cut through a picturesque glen. Nick shoots Kat an anxiou glance, deciding whether to reveal what he knows. Kat catches him and smiles back, sweetly. Nick takes her hand and kisses it, surprising her. His eyes turn back toward the house but he doesn’t let go of her hand.
63) 0) text: Kat is getting ready. She's up on her tiptoes, doing her make-up in the mirror. The radio is blaring Air Supply. K sings along, passionately, embarrassingly. Kat was clearly lying about not liking the cheesy greates hits. She knows every word. Somehow, she seems different freer. She's singing like she means it. 79.
65) 0) text: The rehearsal dinner is underway. Strung with paper lanterns, the yard looks enchanted. The usual suspects ar packed around a candle-lit table, absorbed in lively conversation. Jeffrey, brooding, doesn’t engage, just dri heavily. At the center of it all, Nick is quietly relishing being part of this family dinner. Kat and Nick make eye contact They’ve finally caught up with the couple they were pretending to be at the beginning of the weekend. Bunny’s voice cuts through the din like a knife-- 81.
65) 2) dialog: Oh, no. (to Nick) She tells this story at every major holiday.
65) 5) dialog: (to Nick) She blames Tony Pee-Pants Pinterello for everything. The fall of the British Empire, the Cold war, the internet.
65) 10) dialog: We were eating and puking together in harmony until one day, Tony walked me home from school. He was my first boyfriend. (pointedly) I was fourteen.
65) 12) dialog: You practically bribed him with your erector set.
65) 14) dialog: I didn’t say he was worth it. They share a private smile.
65) 18) dialog: Dad made me go over and apologize the next day. 83.
65) 20) dialog: So Dad rang the bell and when Tony Pee-Pants opened the door, I threw the tart at him and popped his stitches. Victor laughs, remembering. Bunny hits him on the arm.
65) 24) dialog: He bled a bunch, but no, there was no peeing.
66) 0) text: Many of the guests have gone. Empty bottles of wine litte the table. Only the immediate family, TJ, Nick and Jeffre remain. Jeffrey’s still drinking heavily and Kat’s not at the table.
67) 0) text: Kat pulls a bottle of wine off the top shelf just as some comes up behind her. Kat feels a hand on her back, spins around and drops the bottle. Jeffrey reaches out and grab it before it drops. She looks at his somber face, takes t bottle, and sets it back on the shelf.
67) 1) dialog: Okay, let’s do this. What’s the big confession?
68) 0) text: Nick looks for Kat. Concern crosses his face as he notice that Jeffrey’s gone, too. Nick picks up a couple of empty wine bottles off the table.
70) 4) dialog: Relax. Take a breath and just say it. It’s no big deal. I promise.
70) 6) dialog: Well, it was a big deal. As late as...yesterday. Or this morning. (beat) But not anymore. Nick smiles.
70) 7) dialog: And you were right -- it is why I brought Nick with me...because I wanted to drive you insane. To torture you slowly, for the entire weekend. But then something happened. I started to fall for him. And now, and I hope this doesn’t hurt your feelings, now I’m sick of you and me, of our story. Nick, almost giddy with happiness, moves away from the do then back towards it again. Finally, he closes it quietly and leaves. Downstairs, Kat takes Jeffrey’s hand.
70) 8) dialog: It’s the past. It’s nothing but ghosts. So just get it off your chest, then let’s go back upstairs and eat some tiramisu.
70) 10) dialog: I’m sorry? 86.
70) 13) dialog: I wasted two years grieving this? Kat laughs. It is so close to tears, that the sound catch in her throat. She shakes her head, wearily, and mechanically walks up the stairs.
71) 0) text: Kat emerges like a sleepwalker. She looks for Nick, doesn find him anywhere. She drifts toward the table. Jeffrey appears in the doorway behind her. TJ is the first to look up. She sees Kat’s face, sees Jeffrey, and knows what happened. TJ goes to Kat.
71) 2) dialog: You knew? 87.
72) 0) text: Kat staggers down the moonlit lane. She’s barely staving a breakdown. Nick runs up behind her.
72) 3) dialog: What?! I can’t believe I trusted you! How could you not tell me!? Nick sees the pain in Kat’s face. It’s pain for Jeffrey, the past.
72) 6) dialog: You’ve always got that to hide behind, don’t you? It’s just business!
72) 9) dialog: You let me make a fool of myself! You lied to me! I don’t know why that surprises me because lying is what you do. It’s your job. It’s who you are. How would you even know if something were real?
72) 11) dialog: You’re right. I was so desperate to make everyone believe I was happy that I spent six grand ona lie. And after all that? The only one who ended up falling for it was me.
74) 0) text: Kat stands at the window, her eyes puffy. She watches as Nick drives away, then she turns around. Her mom and dad wait in the darkened living room. Kat tri to be strong, but then she goes to her father, burying herself in his arms. Bunny hides a pang of disappointment she gently touches Kat’s head. INT. KAT’S ROOM - FLETCHER-WOOTEN ESTATE - LATER Kat straightens up her room. A KNOCK on the door and Amy walks in.
74) 2) dialog: Hey. 91. Kat keeps cleaning up.
74) 4) dialog: You’re right. You should really time it right so when he hears that you repeatedly screwed his best friend, he doesn’t feel like the world is collapsing around him and there’s no escape because you tricked him into marrying you. Amy wasn’t ready for Kat’s intensity, she backs towards t door.
74) 6) dialog: Sure, disappear. We’ve been walking away our whole lives. Amy turns around and faces Kat, willing to hear anything.
74) 7) dialog: I’m not even going to discuss the fact that you screwed my fiancé because you’ve always been a spoiled, amoral, little princess. Amy looks horrified but Kat’s not backing down.
74) 8) dialog: But I put up with all of it because I really believed that deep down, you loved me and you were a good person. I really thought you deserved someone like Ed. God I envied you guys. Somehow, he made your selfish bullshit seem okay. Almost endearing. Amy looks at Kat with tears in her eyes. 92.
74) 9) dialog: And now I know. You didn’t deserve any of it. You were just lucky. Kat looks at her sister, sadly.
74) 10) dialog: Don’t worry, Amy. Your wedding will be perfect. Tomorrow, I’11 smile and say all the right things and you’1l deal with Ed when you’re ready. But right now, tonight, I can’t pretend it’s okay. Amy, stricken, exits. As she leaves, her shoulders start shake. She is crying. Kat’s reflex is to go to her, but s stops herself. It’s too soon to forgive. She walks over a closes the door.
75) 4) dialog: I’m okay. 93. CU ON KAT’S FACE, STARING INTO CAMERA. SHE SEES NOTHING.
76) 0) text: Kat’s make-up is flawless and her hair is perfect but her eyes are clouded with pain and sleeplessness.
76) 2) dialog: No, I’m fine, really. Nothing a bottle of Jack and a straight razor can’t fix. Kat’s trying to be light, but her eyes are a dead giveawa Kat draws in a long breath, trying to summon some semblan of joy.
76) 3) dialog: Anyway, it doesn’t matter. Today’s Amy’s day. She braves a glance at her mother’s face. Bunny’s not buying.
77) 0) text: Kat stands in the car park behind the salon, furtively sucking on a cigarette as she pulls off an old nicotine patch. Choking, she throws down the cigarette as the salo door opens and Bunny steps out.
77) 2) dialog: I was pretty hard on her last night. (welling up) And now she’s getting married.
77) 4) dialog: Trust me. This is bigger than Tony Pee-Pants.
77) 6) dialog: Mom, please. BUNNY (CONT’D) Anyway, when that boy came over, it was the first time you ever did anything without her. (beat) And Amy wasn’t just jealous...she was sad and lonely. She missed you.
77) 7) dialog: She did?
80) 0) text: Limos wait outside both Kat’s house and the house next do Bunny fusses with Amy’s dress as they walk toward the car Victor and Kat follow, arm in arm. ANGLE ON VICTOR AND KAT. Victor looks at Kat, who is tryi to be brave. It’s almost working.
81) 0) text: Amy nervously fusses with her dress when Kat walks in. Ka stops when she sees her sister, glowing in a beam of dust light. It takes Kat’s breath away.
81) 1) dialog: Wow. You look beautiful.
82) 0) text: Kat pushes open the heavy church doors. Organ music flood out as Kat surreptitiously looks up and down the street. Victor appears behind her. Kat looks at her dad and force smile. Victor knows she’s upset.
82) 2) dialog: It’s complicated, Dad.
82) 4) text: VICTOR(cont'd) So tell me, is this the guy for you? Kat thinks about this.
82) 5) dialog: Yeah.
83) 0) text: Kat speeds down the road in her parents’ car. The empty b trailer clatters behind her
86) 0) text: Kat races through the woods, trying to keep her dress fro catching on the branches that whip at her on all sides.
88) 0) text: Kat bursts into the clearing, her hair tousled, her dress nightmarish. She tries to catch her breath as she looks u to the porch of the boathouse. This is supposed to be the part where she sees Nick and they live happily ever after
89) 0) text: Kat desperately searches the rooms of the boathouse. By t time she gets to the kitchen, she knows it’s going to be empty. She opens the door, anyway. Nick’s gone. On the kitchen table, a_brown envelope. Kat picks it up. Written on the front: KAT. She turns it over to open it. On the back it reads: “IT’S ALL THERE, TRUST ME.” Kat laughs at how well Nick knows her. Her eyes fill with love.
93) 0) text: Kat trudges up the church steps, her head down. Just then the door bursts open and Jeffrey flies out of the church races down the street. Moments later, Ed explodes from th church and takes off after Jeffrey. Kat watches them run down the street, confused, then goes inside.
95) 0) text: Back inside, Amy nervously awaits her fate. Kat enters. S wants to hug Amy, but offers her a tissue instead. Amy ta it gratefully.
97) 0) text: Kat pushes open the heavy doors to take one last look. Sh steps outside and the door closes, revealing-- NICK, now dressed in his tux. He smiles at her.
97) 2) dialog: Hi. 102. They take each other in.
97) 6) dialog: What?! No, no. You can’t--
98) 0) text: Nick and Kat stand in a dark doorway, facing the closed d They share a secret smile in the dark. Just then, the USHER opens the door and Nick leads Kat do the aisle. As they walk, they exchange sidelong glances. Both are as nervous and excited as school kids. Behind them, Victor and Amy beam as they await their turn Nick leans over and whispers in her ear. 103.
99) 0) text: In the background, Amy and Ed stand at the altar. They ho hands tightly, grateful to have lost and found each other Nick and Kat peek across at each other. They both smile.
99) 1) dialog: “Today is a day for love and for beauty. But most of all, it's a day for truth.”
100) 0) text: Kat speaks into a microphone, trying to deliver her speec All around her, she sees faces: Mom, Dad, Amy, Ed, TJ. Ka looks down at a crumpled scrap of paper.
100) 1) dialog: I’ve been working on this speech since these two got engaged. It was supposed to be touching and funny. Kat looks at Nick. He doesn’t have to do anything. He jus is support.
100) 2) dialog: I thought I’d come back to England and have an epiphany. I’d see Amy and the perfect thing would pop into my head and it would encapsulate how and why I love my sister. But I came home and everything was a mess and the truth and beauty line was all I could come up with. (beat) And I think I stole that from the back of an in-flight magazine. The GUESTS laugh. Kat looks at her mom.
100) 3) dialog: A wonderful woman once said about Amy: “It’s not that I love her more, it’s that she lets me love her.” Kat raises her glass in a toast 104.
100) 4) dialog: (to Ed and Amy) It can be the scariest thing in the world to let someone love you and to know how to love them back. Take good care of each other. I love you both. Everyone clinks glasses. A few people sniffle or kiss the dates. Kat and Amy hold each other’s gaze. Nearby, Bunny watches her little girls with tears in her eyes.
101) 0) text: The STAFF has already started packing up. Ed’s Father whispers something to the BANDLEADER and pulls his wife o on the dance floor. He spins her around as “Ma Vie en Ros begins to play. She smiles, happily, as they dance. Ed tries to keep a very drunk Amy away from the present table. Slouching on the piano, TJ makes out with her date Woody, the bartender. The CAMERA FINDS Kat and Nick on the dance floor.
101) 2) dialog: Thank you. Nick gracefully spins Kat around; they really do dance beautifully together.
101) 3) dialog: Since I’ve generously agreed to go out with you, I think it’s only fair that you tell me how you got into the business? Kat smiles mischievously. Nick pulls her close. He’s finally going to tell her.