9) 11) text: The mystery man is NICK MERCER, 32, commanding and classy yet somehow totally genuine. He carries his ‘40s-crooner good looks like he has no idea that men just aren’t made way anymore. Nick takes two glasses of champagne from the blushing Fem Flight Attendant.
9) 12) dialog: Thank you, Lisa. He turns around to take his seat and finds Kat standing there, awkwardly.
9) 14) dialog: Kat. Nick kisses Kat warmly on the cheek and hands her a glass champagne. Nick’s totally at ease. This may as well be a candle-lit bar.
9) 15) dialog: Let’s sit. Kat awkwardly negotiates her drink as they take their sea
9) 17) dialog: I really am sorry I couldn’t leave earlier. I know you would have loved a few hours to settle in before the party. Kat melts a little. That’s just what she was thinking.
9) 19) text: I’ve gotta warn you, you know those families where everyone’s out of their minds but at the end of the day, they’re family, so you love them? (off his nod) Mine’s not like that. The Flight Attendant appears with a small tray. Kat notic the woman’s cheeks flush as she fumbles Nick’s drink. Nick smiles warmly, but deftly ends the moment. He’s like famous person who has learned to manage his adoring fans casual grace.
11) 0) text: Nick and Kat wait at the baggage claim. She looks at his tie, then down at her dress. They are the exact same colo 10.
11) 4) dialog: You think we look like we’re trying too hard.
11) 6) dialog: I’1l teach you a trick. If you look people in the eye, they’1l never even notice what you have on. Kat, overwhelmed by his charisma, is mesmerized.
11) 7) dialog: What color are my shoes? 11.
13) 0) text: Nick stands by the W.C., flipping through Cosmo. He can d that without looking gay. He talks to Kat through the doo
13) 1) dialog: I understand how important this is to you, but you’re a beautiful woman and you’ve got everything in the world going for you. I couldn’t care less what you have on. Kat comes out modeling a black strapless.
13) 3) dialog: You’re funny.
13) 5) dialog: Mission accomplished.
13) 8) dialog: I’1l let her know.
14) 1) dialog: (through the door) I bet you’re doing that girl thing, where you get undressed without showing any skin. Kat looks around suspiciously.
15) 0) text: Kat emerges from the bathroom wearing the new dress. Nick checks it out.
15) 1) dialog: Mmm.
15) 3) dialog: Both. Kat looks to the Zitty Teenager for his opinion.
15) 5) text: ZITTY TEENAGER(cont 'd) I mean, if it was all right with you. Kat gives the passenger an appreciative smile, then flies back into the bathroom. Nick, amused by her antics, steps closer to the door.
15) 6) dialog: You know, they say you can tell everything you need to know about a person from the way they act when they’re naked.
18) 0) text: Nick pays the BELLHOP, who trolleys away their bags. He turns to find Kat. She’s wearing the red dress. The Zitty Teenager was right. It’s really hot. Kat starts doing a yoga breath of fire, trying to relax. Nick takes Kat’s hand and pulls her close.
18) 1) dialog: You okay, hon? Kat nods, clearly not okay. Nick smooths a piece of hair behind her ear. There is a practiced intimacy to the way touches her and Kat is almost settled by it.
18) 3) dialog: You’re never going to be sure of anything, but we still have to go inside. Just then, Kat’s mother appears.
18) 7) dialog: I’m the new guy. (kissing Bunny) It’s great to meet you. Bunny throws Kat an unsubtle, “I’m impressed” look and le them into the party.
19) 0) text: Bunny, Kat and Nick emerge into a sea of Burberry, floppy hair, and unspoken judgments. Bunny turns to Nick and Kat all business.
19) 5) dialog: Sir. They shake hands. Just then, Kat’s sister, Amy, dressed t the nines, strikes a pose in the doorway.
19) 8) dialog: Can I get you a refill, sir? Victor hands Nick the glass.
19) 9) dialog: (sniffing the glass) I’m guessing MacCallum, 18 years. (beat) Neat, with a water-back.
24) 0) text: Nick stands with Kat at the bar. The BARTENDER hands Kat drink.
24) 12) dialog: Um, just about everyone.
24) 14) dialog: We’1ll go with you guys tomorrow. I suck too. It’1ll be fun. Amy kisses Nick’s cheek.
25) 0) text: Escaping, Nick steps outside and bumps into Jeffrey, who teeters on the railing.
25) 1) dialog: Hey.
25) 3) dialog: A wedding is a sacrament...a joyous celebration of love and commitment. In Utopia. In the real world... it’s an excuse to drink excessively and say things you shouldn’t say.
25) 5) dialog: Shrink, actually.
25) 7) dialog: What?
25) 9) dialog: No, tell me.
25) 16) dialog: I was just telling Jeffrey how we met. Kat gives Nick a confused look. Nick smiles warmly--
25) 17) dialog: The Knicks game? We both wanted the last hot dog?
25) 23) dialog: Love. Kat and Nick walk back into the party.
26) 2) dialog: He was pretty drunk, but I think he’s still crazy about you.
26) 4) dialog: The only one suffering here is you. You need to stop worrying about everyone else. You think you can do that? 26. Kat takes a deep, calming breath.
26) 7) dialog: I don’t know.
26) 9) dialog: You’re too good for him. EXT. ST. JOHN’S WOOD - LATER Nick drives slowly down St. John’s Wood’s tree-lined main street. Nick looks out the window as they pass a corner market, a flower shop, pubs, restaurants. EXT. ELLIS HOUSE - ST. JOHN’S WOOD A charming period house in a row of identical houses. You never know where the Americans lived but for a conspicuou boat trailer parked in the driveway. Victor and Bunny try to help Nick unload Kat’s many bags the taxi. He won’t let them. As Nick lugs the bags up the driveway, he reads the name, “JACK SHIP,” off the back of dilapidated cabin cruiser
27) 0) text: Nick struggles with Kat’s many bags as Kat’s parents esco them upstairs. Kat stops by her bedroom door, doesn’t go
27) 2) dialog: (to Bunny and Victor) Thanks again for having me.
27) 13) dialog: I trust you. Kat almost lets it go, but then...
27) 15) dialog: Why?
27) 18) dialog: On the nose. (beat) I tell you what, because you’re so cute, I’1ll take care of our incidentals.
27) 20) dialog: (wryly) ; Great, with the occasional stabs of shame. Now, listen, this covers the weekend, but as we discussed, if you want to be intimate, we talk money before anything happens.
27) 22) dialog: It’s okay. Hell, I’ve never paid for it. But please don’t feel like you have to explain yourself to me. Kat walks over to an old dollhouse. Its rooms have been gutted, their mini furnishings replaced with a teenager’s cassette-tape collection. Kat pulls out Guns and Roses’ “Appetite for Destruction” opens it. There’s no tape inside, just some nicotine patches. Nick watches as she opens one up and slaps it on
27) 23) dialog: You quitting?
27) 25) dialog: Who are they?
27) 27) dialog: Air Supply? 30. Embarrassed, Kat hastily rips down the poster and stuffs in the closet.
27) 31) dialog: It’s cute.
27) 33) dialog: You stand on your tiptoes.
27) 35) dialog: Is it an old habit from ballet class or a childhood spent walking on eggshells? She throws him a glance, impressed with the sharpness of mind. 31.
27) 38) dialog: A weekend?
27) 40) dialog: No. Though strangely, I’ve done quite a few funerals. Kat makes a face.
27) 41) dialog: Not the way you’re thinking. The women wanted me there for support You can understand that.
27) 44) dialog: That’s right. Imagine facing it alone. Kat blanches. 32.
27) 46) dialog: This happened to you?
27) 49) dialog: How did you know that was me?
27) 51) dialog: (sharply) Your “friend” guaranteed my anonymity.
27) 53) dialog: You can look. It’s part of the package. Kat can’t tell if he’s joking. She sneaks a look as Nick disappears into the shower. Wow. Kat looks down at the papers in her hand. She moves towards the bathroom but at the last minute, shies away. 33.
27) 54) dialog: Would you grab my shampoo?
27) 57) dialog: The real story is that my mother was a hippie. And a stripper. She was insanely inappropriate with me. She used to wash her lingerie in my bathwater. While I was still in the bath.
27) 59) dialog: Yeah. As an adult, I needed to find some way to experience intimacy and sex, but with rules that couldn’t be violated. Kat’s totally engrossed now. She closes the toilet lid an sits down.
27) 61) dialog: Yeah. 34. Nick sees that Kat’s heartbroken for him, feels bad.
27) 62) dialog: I’m just screwing with you. Kat throws a towel at him.
27) 64) dialog: I have a different story for every woman who asks. I look at her and figure out what she needs to hear to feel okay about being with me.
27) 66) dialog: Admit it. You were disturbed, but ultimately moved. Kat gives him a dirty look, then examines the article aga
27) 69) dialog: First of all, it’s never out of the blue. And second of all-- Nick levels his gaze at her. 35.
27) 70) dialog: Yes.
27) 72) dialog: When you’re ready to let go, to be unsingle and unmiserable, you will. Until then.... Nick shrugs and walks out of the room.
28) 0) text: Nick and Kat walk downstairs, ready for a night out. Kat’ wearing an over-the-top sexy golf outfit -- pleated mini skirt, tight white oxford, plaid vest. On the bottom step Kat stops short.
28) 2) dialog: Are you asking me if I’m gay for pay?
28) 4) dialog: What do you think? Nick confronts her. She takes him in.
29) 0) text: Victor reads a book as Bunny scratches hieroglyphics ona white board featuring an elaborate chart of information. and Nick enter, see the chart.
30) 0) text: Kat and Nick walk toward the car.
30) 2) dialog: There’s a guy on 81st and Madison. You get your results in 24 hours. (beat ) Do you make your lovers get tested before you sleep with them?
31) 0) text: Nick drives while Kat navigates. They crawl down a small street, which bustles with activity. PATRONS of London’s many pubs spill out onto the pavement.
31) 1) dialog: I love that you’re asking questions, but do you really want to get into all of this?
31) 3) dialog: Hey. Kat looks at him.
31) 4) dialog: Don’t stop asking questions, okay?
32) 0) text: Nick holds the door open for Kat as she gets out.
32) 1) dialog: (with a laugh) I swear. I don’t have a signature move.
32) 3) text: KAT(cont 'd) Getting you on the phone was harder than getting into college. Nick turns off the car, gets out, walks around, and opens door for Kat. She gets out and stands by the door
32) 4) dialog: I don’t have gimmicks or play games. It’s way more... Nick rubs two fingers together, he can’t think of the wor
32) 6) dialog: I disappear. It’s not about me. It’s about you. Nick is standing very, very close to Kat now. She didn’t even see him move but there he is.
32) 7) dialog: It’s hard to explain.
32) 9) dialog: I’ve got this bad taste in my mouth. What is it? I think it’s the words: “morally repugnant.” Kat tugs urgently on his waist.
32) 11) dialog: Close your eyes. Kat’s hesitant. She looks around the empty parking lot bu Nick takes her cheek and guides her eyes to his. 39.
32) 12) dialog: Close your eyes. She does. Nick leans in close and begins whispering into ear with a hypnotic intensity.
32) 13) dialog: I’m not going to kiss you. You can relax. You're safe. Nick takes Kat’s head in his hands and moves his lips acr the contours of her face. It’s incredibly intimate. His mouth hovers over hers but their lips don’t touch. They breathe each other in.
32) 14) dialog: I’m not going to kiss you. Trust me. All you have to do is listen to my voice. Kat’s body starts to relax. Slowly, she slumps back again the car.
32) 15) dialog: He’s going to be so sorry he let you go. He moves his lips across her eyelids.
32) 16) dialog: He’11 look at you with your sexy dress and your perfect date but it won’t matter because it’s not about him. It’s about you. As Nick slowly talks, he moves his lips across Kat’s forehead, then her cheek, then her nose:
32) 17) dialog: I want you to let go of the hurt. ...the insecurity...the past. When you do, he’1ll see you the way I see you, and, in that moment, he’1l finally understand what he lost. Nick tips Kat’s chin towards him. She opens her eyes. Nic is suddenly serious.
32) 18) dialog: But by then, the amazing thing is...you won’t care. 40. Kat shudders, and gradually comes to. Her eyes are lazy, feels off balance.
32) 20) dialog: You better get going. Kat is turned on and can’t seem to move.
32) 22) dialog: Go. Nick turns Kat around and points her toward the bar next door. Wearing an almost dopey look of pleasure, she adjus her underwear, and stumbles towards the bar. A sly smile creeps across her lips as we...
33) 4) dialog: I thought you might need this. Kat gives Nick a shy smile.
33) 7) dialog: I don’t know.... A SMITTEN GIRL puts a drink in Nick’s hand.
34) 0) text: Nick is surrounded by women and completely at ease. Amy’s drunk and pouty. TJ stands between Kat and Amy. Oblivious to the brewing tension, she’s eating beer nuts and starin Nick. 42.
34) 4) dialog: Ladies, thank you for granting me this rare glimpse into a timeless female ritual. (raising his glass) To the husbands who won you, the losers who lost you, and to the lucky bastards who have yet to meet you. They all clink glasses. Kat beams, until...
34) 26) dialog: All women or just the two-legged ones who steal your money, screw your friends, and vacuum during the World Cup? Jeffrey laughs. He has no idea Nick is making fun of him.
34) 59) dialog: (propping Ed up) You’re okay. You got it. Ed wobbles, then stands up by himself. Nick unlocks the door.
34) 61) dialog: It’s been my experience that the people who hire a prostitute, need a prostitute. (beat) You did the right thing. Ed blinks at Nick.
34) 63) dialog: I’m a hooker. 50. Ed bursts out laughing, pats him on the back, and walks i his house.
40) 0) text: Kat starts up the stairs. The first step CREAKS loudly. Remembering countless school-age sneak-ins, Kat flattens foot against the back of each step and soundlessly walks the stairs. INT. KAT’S ROOM - ELLIS HOUSE Nick is asleep in Kat’s bed, bare-chested under a single sheet. The CAMERA FINDS Kat standing with her back to the door staring at Nick. Nick stirs, opens his eyes, and rises on one arm.
40) 1) dialog: You okay? Kat walks to him, takes his hand.
41) 0) text: Kat leads Nick down the driveway towards the BOAT TRAILER 53. On it, the twenty-six-foot CABIN CRUISER with peeling pai Kat unbuttons the weathered cover and peels it back. She climbs up a ladder and hoists herself into the boat. Nick smiles at the strangeness of this, then climbs in after h
42) 0) text: In the cabin, Kat flicks a couple of switches and a row o lights flicker on. She flicks another switch and a pierci sea-horn BLARES the “William Tell Overture.” She scramble to turn it off and checks the house for activity. A dog BARKS in the distance. Relieved, Kat pushes a tape into an old radio. MUSIC limp through hollow speakers. Kat leads Nick into the cabin and onto the bed. Without taking her eyes off him, Kat starts to slowly undress. He shirt drops to the floor. Then, a moment later, her skirt Kat breathes deeply then reaches behind her back and flic open her bra. We watch Kat’s face as she lets it fall to floor. Kat is indeed a woman who doesn’t do naked -- this killing her. On the bed, Nick doesn’t say anything, just watches. Kat wants to read something into his stare. Longing, desire, anything. But he’s utterly inscrutable. It’s both unnervi and extremely sexy. Kat steels herself and removes her underwear. She loses h nerve momentarily and pulls them up again. Finally, she slips them off and tries not to laugh as she scurries ont the bed. Hovering lazily in the waking dream of interrupted sleep Nick gazes at Kat. Ina trick of light, the cabin windows glow liquid, as though the moon were reflecting off water Nick runs his hand across Kat’s waist. She’s trying to ho back. He knows it and likes it. He takes her face in his hands and kisses her. It’s amazing. A different kind of kiss. They pull back and look at each other. In one swift movement, he flips Kat underneath him. Suddenly, the space between them collapses and they attac each other. 54.
44) 0) text: CLOSE ON Kat and Nick, asleep, their faces pressed up aga each other. We PULL BACK to reveal Kat and Nick entwined, naked. We P BACK further to reveal that they’re covered with a fleece blanket and a pile of life vests. Nick opens his eyes and looks at Kat, who is as calm and content as we’ve seen her. Then, he realizes where he is. It’s like waking up in a strange hotel room, only weirder because it’s a boat...in a driveway...in London. Nick carefully extricates himself and begins to dress. We seen this scene a thousand times before, but Nick’s escap breathtakingly precise and practiced.
45) 0) text: Nick climbs down the ladder of the boat just as the Bin-M are returning the empty bins beside the garage. Nick give them a nod.
45) 1) dialog: Morning. The guys nod back and finish their job as Nick sneaks tow the house.
46) 0) text: Victor and Bunny sit at the kitchen table. Victor’s burie in the International Herald Tribune crossword puzzle. Bun looks out the window and sees Nick creeping towards the house, shoes in hand.
48) 0) text: Kat slinks towards the house, retreading Nick’s walk of shame.
50) 2) dialog: I wasn’t sure what works for you so I’ve got a pack of Saltines, a bottle of Pedialyte -- preferred by infants and rock stars -- an egg- and-cheese sandwich, a black coffee, and a Bloody Mary. Kat slumps onto the bed. She hasn’t gotten her land legs back yet. 56.
50) 4) dialog: Nothing. Kat looks surprised, then skeptical.
50) 6) dialog: We kissed. Made out a little. Then you passed out. She stares at him long and hard.
50) 8) dialog: What’s this? Startled, Kat peeks her head out of the shower curtain an sees Nick holding the pile of money.
50) 11) dialog: Is this for last night?
50) 13) dialog: If I was going to charge you, I would have told you beforehand. I thought I explained that. Naked in front of Nick, Kat is trying not to flinch.
50) 15) dialog: Don’t they have a limit at those machines?
50) 17) dialog: You’re three hundred short. 58. With that, he walks out. In the shower, Kat gently bangs head against the tile. She looks down and notices somethi
51) 0) text: Nick and Victor are eating breakfast, the newspaper sprea out between them. Victor’s still working on the crossword puzzle.
51) 2) dialog: I am now, sir.
51) 7) dialog: Not dollars. Pounds. Nick pours a glass of juice and offers it to Kat. Kat sha her head.
51) 8) dialog: My rate isn’t arbitrary. It was determined by prevailing market conditions. By the way, it includes oral. That’s the extra three hundred.... Pounds. He smiles and sips his juice. She is outraged by his presumption- -
51) 10) dialog: No, no. The three hundred is for you doing it to me.
51) 12) dialog: Believe me, if anything had happened, that would have been one of the highlights. For you.
51) 14) dialog: Yup. That’s why you get to keep your money. Nick walks away. Sits down next to Victor. Kat glares daggers at him. Nick smiles and toasts her with his juice 60. Just then, Amy enters in a flurry of cheerfulness, as if night never happened. Bunny follows, carrying a clipboard
51) 55) dialog: Hey, man.
51) 57) dialog: No, I can’t. We’re late for a dance lesson. I guess you’1ll have to finish up later. Kat gives Nick an angry look as he pulls her away.
52) 1) dialog: Hello, goodbye, I want you, I hate you. It’s all just words. None of it means anything. What matters is what you do. You either stay put or you walk away. If you look back, you’re not walking away!
52) 3) dialog: I just hate seeing you so stuck.
52) 5) dialog: You paid me for a lot of reasons. Closure wasn’t one of them. Kat is infuriated. She huffs and pushes open the door.
53) 0) text: Nick and Kat burst in, late. Glistening hardwood floors mirrored walls. Eyes closed and hands clasped, Amy and Ed stand in a circle with SONJA, late 50’s, the melodramatic dance teacher. Kat and Nick join the circle. 66.
54) 0) text: Ed and Amy dance awkwardly to a standard as Sonja gives t instructions. ANGLE ON KAT AND NICK, dancing sedately, if awkwardly. Th is still tension between them. Kat, contrite, dares a gla into his eyes. 67.
54) 2) dialog: (simply) It’s my job. Kat gazes deep into his eyes. A long look. The longest she’s been able to sustain since the boat. She can’t read him.
54) 5) dialog: I’m allergic to fabric softener, I majored in Comparative Literature at Brown, and I think I’d miss you even if we had never met. Kat blinks, the power of his words hitting her hard. They dance a moment in silence. Now will you tell me how you became an escort? Nick smiles enigmatically. Then without warning-- NICK SPINS KAT AROUND, THEN REELS HER IN TIGHT. In a hyper-romantic cinematic flourish, THE FLOOR SWELLS AND THE WALLS DISAPPEAR. The music sharpens as if it’s no longer coming from an ol record player but from a classic MGM soundtrack. 68. Nick and Kat are weightless as they glide across the floo Their eyes stay locked on each other as though it were th connection, and not gravity, that keeps them on earth. Kat and Nick seem to slow down but the world stays at nor speed. ON SONJA, astonished. She stops and watches. ON AMY AND ED, as they notice what’s going on. They stop dancing and stare, too, slacked-jawed, as Nick and Kat fl past, completely wrapped up in each other. Nick and Kat are incredible together. The music CRESCENDOS as Nick gracefully spins Kat to a perfect stop.
54) 7) dialog: I had to say something to get you here.
54) 10) dialog: It’s not me. I swear. It’s her She’s magic. Kat blushes. Sonja claps her hands, happily.
55) 0) text: Nick, Kat, Amy, and Ed walk out of the studio. Ed skips d the steps and onto the street. Then he realizes what he’s doing and abruptly stops.
55) 5) text: EXT. KAT’S HOUSE - ST. JOHN’S WOOD Victor tows the boat with an annoyed Bunny in the passeng seat. As they pull out of the driveway, they wave to Nick who sits on a stone wall in front of the house. Nick talks on his cell phone, Kat’s bags piled high next him, as Pigeons walk and flap around him. Kat appears carrying two bottles of water. When Nick sees Kat, he hangs up too quickly. Kat pretends not to notice. She eyes the pigeons suspiciously.
55) 9) dialog: Sure, but it’s never easy. They say they’re okay with it, and they are...for a while. Then one day, they’re not. They sit in silence. It’s not awkward, it’s nice. London beams under a rare cloudless sky.
55) 10) dialog: When I said I’d never done a wedding before, I didn’t say that no one ever asked. I just never said yes.
55) 12) dialog: There was something in your voice on the phone that day.
55) 14) dialog: I think it was hope. Kat hides a smile as her leg touches his. They are both keenly aware of the contact.
55) 16) dialog: Make out with you for free. 85 71. Nick puts his arm around her. Kat laughs.
55) 17) dialog: What would you do if you stopped worrying about what other people think?
56) 0) text: Nick, Kat, and Ed’s parents unload the Bentley and carry their bags up the steps of a stately stone mansion.
57) 0) text: A small boathouse sits at the edge of a charming lake tha borders the main property. Nearby, “Jack Ship” struggles say afloat as PASTY KIDS sun themselves on the moored jun Ed mans an elaborate grill as GUESTS in summer hats mill about. AT A PICNIC TABLE, Victor plays poker with Nick, Kat, and From the pile of money in front of him, it’s clear Victor kicking ass. Victor throws in ten pounds.
57) 4) dialog: Raise you thirty. Victor raises an eyebrow. ON TJ, looking at Nick. She leans over to Kat and whisper
57) 8) dialog: What would you say if I told you I was a member of an elite task force employed to safeguard our nation’s most precious resource: your daughter. Victor snorts.
57) 10) dialog: I say that feeling compelled to do the opposite of your parents is as enslaving as emulating them. Nick lays down his hand. THREE KINGS. Victor shakes his head. Nick glances at Kat. She twinkles at him, then lays down a LOW STRAIGHT.
57) 12) dialog: --and the ass of the man who adores her. Nick rises from the table, but his comment lingers. Kat searches his face, wondering if he was serious. He holds gaze a moment, then begins picking up the cards. Ed appears holding a plate piled high with bangers.
57) 19) dialog: Will do. Nick smiles at Kat and heads toward the boathouse. Kat watches with a hint of apprehension. FOLLOW NICK, walking across a carpet of pine needles. He passes through a latticework of shadows and steps into th boathouse- - 75.
58) 0) text: NICK’S POV: Amy and Jeffrey, their backs turned, are in t middle of an argument.
58) 3) dialog: Sorry to interrupt. Your dad sent me.
58) 5) dialog: To make sure you’re okay. Amy turns around and looks at the tiny boathouse. Althoug it had looked perfect to us before, under her gaze, we se all the cracks and dirt.
58) 7) dialog: Actually, I do. Amy’s expression clouds as her eyes fall on the bedroom d Through the open door, Nick can see a small bed surrounde bookshelves.
58) 9) text: AMY (cont'd) God, I hope it doesn’t remember everything. LAUGHTER floats in from outside, an ironic soundtrack to Amy’s desperation. Nick pushes out the chair across from him. Amy looks at h a moment, then sits down.
59) 0) text: Kat is standing with her mother, absentmindedly looking f Nick, when Jeffrey approaches.
60) 0) text: Amy is now sitting across from Nick at the kitchen table. Nick is shell-shocked.
60) 1) dialog: Does Kat know? Amy doesn’t even bother shaking her head.
60) 3) dialog: Still--
60) 5) dialog: Or Kat....
61) 10) dialog: Yeah. You?
62) 0) text: Nick and Kat walk back to the main house. Side by side, t cut through a picturesque glen. Nick shoots Kat an anxiou glance, deciding whether to reveal what he knows. Kat catches him and smiles back, sweetly. Nick takes her hand and kisses it, surprising her. His eyes turn back toward the house but he doesn’t let go of her hand.
64) 0) text: Nick and Victor, sipping cocktails, stand on a back balco overlooking the party preparations. In the backyard below Bunny zips around, hissing orders at the STAFF.
64) 3) dialog: Kat does this thing. She stands on her tiptoes when she’s looking in the mirror. You ever notice that? Victor smiles, he knows what Nick’s talking about.
64) 5) text: VICTOR(cont 'd) I’d give that little girl everything she ever needed, I’d love her unconditionally, and I wouldn’t let her out of the house until she was thirty. Nick laughs. VICTOR (CONT’D) You think it’s going to get easier when they get older. That you’re going to worry about them less. Or trust the world more. But that’s just not how it goes. They stand in silence a moment.
64) 6) dialog: I’m not sure if this is going to make sense to you, Sir, but I’d like to ask permission to date your daughter. Victor gives Nick an intense but unreadable look VICTOR (CONT’D) The ladies are fond of you, Nick. I can see that. I also see that whatever else you are, you’re a helluva good guy. (beat) She paid a real price dating Jeffrey. This will be different won’t it? Nick’s not sure what Victor knows. He wants to assure him to make promises. Instead, he says nothing. Victor and Ni look at each other, a silent understanding between them.
65) 0) text: The rehearsal dinner is underway. Strung with paper lanterns, the yard looks enchanted. The usual suspects ar packed around a candle-lit table, absorbed in lively conversation. Jeffrey, brooding, doesn’t engage, just dri heavily. At the center of it all, Nick is quietly relishing being part of this family dinner. Kat and Nick make eye contact They’ve finally caught up with the couple they were pretending to be at the beginning of the weekend. Bunny’s voice cuts through the din like a knife-- 81.
65) 13) dialog: (aside, to Kat) Fourteen and he’s hoodwinked by a an erector set?
65) 23) dialog: And that’s when he peed in his pants? After the tart?
65) 25) dialog: So what’s with the nickname? They all think about that.
66) 0) text: Many of the guests have gone. Empty bottles of wine litte the table. Only the immediate family, TJ, Nick and Jeffre remain. Jeffrey’s still drinking heavily and Kat’s not at the table.
68) 0) text: Nick looks for Kat. Concern crosses his face as he notice that Jeffrey’s gone, too. Nick picks up a couple of empty wine bottles off the table.
69) 0) text: Nick drops the bottles into a recycling bin then looks ov at the basement door.
70) 0) text: Nick stands at the top of the cellar stairs. He’s eavesdropping, partially concealed by the half-open door.
71) 0) text: Kat emerges like a sleepwalker. She looks for Nick, doesn find him anywhere. She drifts toward the table. Jeffrey appears in the doorway behind her. TJ is the first to look up. She sees Kat’s face, sees Jeffrey, and knows what happened. TJ goes to Kat.
72) 0) text: Kat staggers down the moonlit lane. She’s barely staving a breakdown. Nick runs up behind her.
72) 1) dialog: Kat! Kat charges forward, blindly, as Nick follows.
72) 2) dialog: Come on! Don’t be-- Kat’s anger swells, she spins around.
72) 4) dialog: (angrily) Jesus, Kat. What did you want me to say? That your sister slept with your fiancé? That everybody knew and no one respected you enough to tell you? Nick is not used to being angry. He grows uneasy, hedges-
72) 5) dialog: Besides, you hired me for my discretion.
72) 7) dialog: Yeah! For all I know, come Monday morning, we’ll go back to the real world and...and you’1l be hiring me for your best friend! 89. Kat’s face fills with hurt
72) 8) dialog: I mean, come on. Did you actually think we’d be boyfriend and girlfriend? This stops Kat a moment, then-- Silence.
72) 10) dialog: You’re judging me?! Oh, that’s a good one. You’re lying to me you’re lying to your family, and you’re lying to yourself. But you’re going to stand there and point a finger at me? The man you hired to pretend to be your boyfriend? Each wants the other to fight for it. But neither does. Kat gives up.
72) 12) dialog: Go ahead, Kat. Hate me. You were running out of steam on the whole Jeffrey thing. Maybe now you’1ll be able to hold onto this just long enough to ruin your next relationship. Nick’s had enough. He turns and walks away, leaving Kat stunned. 90.
73) 0) text: The party is over, the house lights low. Moonlight washes over Nick as he carries his packed suitcase to his car. E comes out of the house, jogs up to Nick.
73) 1) dialog: I’1l just check into a hotel.
73) 3) dialog: Thanks, man. Nick tosses his bag in back and gets in the car.
74) 0) text: Kat stands at the window, her eyes puffy. She watches as Nick drives away, then she turns around. Her mom and dad wait in the darkened living room. Kat tri to be strong, but then she goes to her father, burying herself in his arms. Bunny hides a pang of disappointment she gently touches Kat’s head. INT. KAT’S ROOM - FLETCHER-WOOTEN ESTATE - LATER Kat straightens up her room. A KNOCK on the door and Amy walks in.
75) 0) text: Nick stands, alone in the darkened boathouse, speaking on cell phone.
75) 1) dialog: And that’s the first flight out? He writes something down on a piece of paper.
75) 2) dialog: All right, thank you. He hangs up and sits down on the edge of the bed. He look at the floor. At nothing. INT. KAT’S ROOM - FLETCHER-WOOTEN ESTATE Kat lies in bed. She stares at the ceiling. At nothing.
79) 0) text: Bag in hand, Nick locks up the boathouse and sets the key top of the door frame.
88) 0) text: Kat bursts into the clearing, her hair tousled, her dress nightmarish. She tries to catch her breath as she looks u to the porch of the boathouse. This is supposed to be the part where she sees Nick and they live happily ever after
89) 0) text: Kat desperately searches the rooms of the boathouse. By t time she gets to the kitchen, she knows it’s going to be empty. She opens the door, anyway. Nick’s gone. On the kitchen table, a_brown envelope. Kat picks it up. Written on the front: KAT. She turns it over to open it. On the back it reads: “IT’S ALL THERE, TRUST ME.” Kat laughs at how well Nick knows her. Her eyes fill with love.
90) 0) text: Inside the car, Nick’s face is stoic as he drives, his ca on on the seat next to him.
94) 0) text: Nick’s staring straight ahead when something STREAKS PAST HIS WINDOW. 100. Nick thinks he’s seeing things, looks in the rear-view mi to investigate. Just then, ANOTHER FORM STREAKS PAST. Nick looks out the back window and sees Ed chasing Jeffre down the street. Nick shakes his head, but keeps driving. This family is not his problem anymore. Nick wills his eyes to stay on the road, but then he can’ help it. He looks into the rear-view mirror again. Almost despite himself, Nick throws the car into a U-turn He catches up and pulls alongside Ed, who’s still chasing Jeffrey.
94) 1) dialog: Hey. Ed looks over at Nick, but keeps running, his tuxedo flailing. Nick keeps pace.
94) 4) dialog: Yeah, kind of. Ed keeps running.
94) 5) dialog: Only way to beat that guy is to take yourself out of the game. Ed finally stops running. Wheezing, he bends over to catc his breath. Nick pulls over.
96) 0) text: Nick and Ed pull up to the church. Nick turns off the car Neither one of them gets out.
96) 2) dialog: I figured you could pick up your car tomorrow.
96) 4) dialog: Think about it this way: you get to spend the rest of your life having make-up sex. Ed thinks on this a moment. Then he turns to Nick.
97) 0) text: Kat pushes open the heavy doors to take one last look. Sh steps outside and the door closes, revealing-- NICK, now dressed in his tux. He smiles at her.
97) 1) dialog: Hi.
97) 3) dialog: When we were fighting last night, it hit me. No one had ever cared about me as much as you cared about Jeffrey. That’s why I was so angry. I’m sorry I took it out on you -- I didn’t mean to hurt you. (beat) And then, I was going to get out of here and leave you alone, but halfway to the station, I realized-- From inside, the WEDDING MARCH begins to play. Nick takes her face in his hands.
97) 4) dialog: I’d rather fight with you than make love to anyone else. Kat is speechless. Nick leans down and kisses her like he going to keep on kissing her forever. But then, he breaks away .
97) 5) dialog: I should go.
97) 7) dialog: I have to. (he smiles) I’m the best man.
98) 0) text: Nick and Kat stand in a dark doorway, facing the closed d They share a secret smile in the dark. Just then, the USHER opens the door and Nick leads Kat do the aisle. As they walk, they exchange sidelong glances. Both are as nervous and excited as school kids. Behind them, Victor and Amy beam as they await their turn Nick leans over and whispers in her ear. 103.
99) 0) text: In the background, Amy and Ed stand at the altar. They ho hands tightly, grateful to have lost and found each other Nick and Kat peek across at each other. They both smile.
101) 0) text: The STAFF has already started packing up. Ed’s Father whispers something to the BANDLEADER and pulls his wife o on the dance floor. He spins her around as “Ma Vie en Ros begins to play. She smiles, happily, as they dance. Ed tries to keep a very drunk Amy away from the present table. Slouching on the piano, TJ makes out with her date Woody, the bartender. The CAMERA FINDS Kat and Nick on the dance floor.
101) 1) dialog: Nice speech. I thought it was “touching”... and “funny.”
101) 4) dialog: You know why I never tell the real story of how I got into this? Kat shakes her head, "no." Nick swings her around in an elaborate dip and kisses her on the neck. 105.
101) 5) dialog: Because it’s boring. (Kat laughs) Now if you want to hear a good story, let me tell you the one about how I got out of it. Kat and Nick smile at each other as their dancing grows m effortless. In the background, Ed tugs a half-opened pres out of Amy’s hands and puts it back on the table. She jum up on his back and he happily carts her off to the loo.