16) 3) text: The father of the bride, VICTOR ELLIS, 65, wearing only a pair of socks, walks downstairs. He's completely comforta in his nakedness and trots around as if he's fully clothe He sings to himself. The words of the song are incomprehensible but he sings with an unrestrained Sinatr sass. Victor enters the kitchen, opens the fridge and starts scrounging. Inside the fridge door, Victor bends over and his bare butt sticks out. As he closes the fridge door, w cut to... A SHOWER DOOR SLIDING OPEN. INT. JEFFREY’S FLAT Inside, the best man, JEFFREY JOHNSON, 31, the guy from t snapshot under Kat’s bed, glistens with a post-shower flu Jeffrey towels off with a miniscule washcloth. Stepping out of the bathroom, Jeffrey notices an 18-year- NYMPHETTE watching him through her kitchen window. He crosses to the window but instead of closing the blinds, opens them wider and jumps up onto a pull-up bar. The Nymphette blushes and looks away. As he starts pumpin and his manhood rises dangerously close to frame, we...
19) 3) dialog: Hi, kiddo.
19) 7) dialog: I find a good, strong drink helps. 17. Nick smiles, looks at Victor’s glass.
19) 10) dialog: Is there any other way to take it? Nick heads toward the bar and Victor turns to Kat. VICTOR (CONT’D) Where’d you find this guy? Kat smiles, appreciatively.
27) 4) dialog: Okay, Bun. That’s enough. Kat gives them a look, but doesn’t open her bedroom door.
29) 0) text: Victor reads a book as Bunny scratches hieroglyphics ona white board featuring an elaborate chart of information. and Nick enter, see the chart.
29) 5) dialog: Better him on the wrong side of the road than you behind the wheel. Kat huffs grumpily and they head out.
46) 0) text: Victor and Bunny sit at the kitchen table. Victor’s burie in the International Herald Tribune crossword puzzle. Bun looks out the window and sees Nick creeping towards the house, shoes in hand.
49) 0) text: Victor looks up from his paper and sees Kat.
51) 0) text: Nick and Victor are eating breakfast, the newspaper sprea out between them. Victor’s still working on the crossword puzzle.
51) 1) dialog: What’s a four letter word for daughter defiler? (beat, writing it in) Oh. N-I-C-K. Before Nick can react-- VICTOR (CONT’D) You a boating man, son? Victor’s expression is inscrutable. Nick weighs his optio and then--
51) 3) dialog: (laughing) At least somebody’s using the damn thing. (beat) I was gonna fix her up but we took one trip and the kids fought so much, we never launched her again. Just then, Kat walks in with an air of feigned nonchalanc
51) 5) dialog: Ahoy! 59. Kat throws him a look. He chuckles. As Nick gets up to ge himself some orange juice, Kat corners him behind the refrigerator door.
51) 18) dialog: (sticking up for Kat) Come on, Bun. Leave her alone.
55) 5) text: EXT. KAT’S HOUSE - ST. JOHN’S WOOD Victor tows the boat with an annoyed Bunny in the passeng seat. As they pull out of the driveway, they wave to Nick who sits on a stone wall in front of the house. Nick talks on his cell phone, Kat’s bags piled high next him, as Pigeons walk and flap around him. Kat appears carrying two bottles of water. When Nick sees Kat, he hangs up too quickly. Kat pretends not to notice. She eyes the pigeons suspiciously.
57) 0) text: A small boathouse sits at the edge of a charming lake tha borders the main property. Nearby, “Jack Ship” struggles say afloat as PASTY KIDS sun themselves on the moored jun Ed mans an elaborate grill as GUESTS in summer hats mill about. AT A PICNIC TABLE, Victor plays poker with Nick, Kat, and From the pile of money in front of him, it’s clear Victor kicking ass. Victor throws in ten pounds.
57) 3) dialog: Let’s see what kind of a man my daughter’s found for herself. Nick looks down at his money. Ten pounds. He reaches into his pocket and pulls out a HUGE WAD OF CASH. Everyone is shock but he doesn’t notice. He strips off a hundred, tos it in the pot, and takes back sixty.
57) 7) dialog: (into phone) I’m sorry, Nick's about to win a pile of my money. He's gonna have to call you back. Kat and Nick are frozen as Victor listens. VICTOR (CONT’D) Thank you for your understanding, ma’am. And good luck putting out that fire. 73. He hangs up the cell phone and looks quizzically at Nick. VICTOR (CONT’D) What is it you do again?
57) 9) dialog: Oh, yeah, shrink. Call. Kat hides her relief. Victor throws in the cash. VICTOR (CONT’D) Let me save you some trouble. My old man hit the bottle like it was his job and he had a mean streak as wide as the English Channel. So, me? I drink in moderation and have never raised my voice around a kid. Kat throws in thirty pounds. Victor lays down a PAIR OF A AND TWOS. VICTOR (CONT’D) What do you say to that?
57) 11) dialog: That’s my girl! She does a little dance as she swipes the pile of money toward her. Nick can’t believe it. VICTOR (CONT’D) Best thing about being a dad is when your kid starts kicking your ass-- 74.
57) 18) dialog: Hey, Sigmund, you think you could rustle up the bride and tell her to join the party?
64) 0) text: Nick and Victor, sipping cocktails, stand on a back balco overlooking the party preparations. In the backyard below Bunny zips around, hissing orders at the STAFF.
64) 2) dialog: That woman is insane. God damn if I don’t love her. Nick wants to come clean but can’t find the courage. He chooses his words carefully.
64) 4) dialog: I remember the day I met Kat. It was in New York. I’d been dating Bunny for a few months, and she finally trusted me enough to introduce me to her kid. So I’m over at her place and in walks this little monster that won’t stop talking. (remembering) She hands me a walkie-talkie made out of an orange juice can and drags me over to her fort. The fort was this lop-sided mess of blankets and the walkie-talkie almost took my ear off, but she was having the time of her life. (shaking his head) That was it. I was a goner. A wave of nostalgia passes over him. VICTOR (CONT’D) That was the day I became a dad. And from that moment on, I just knew. (MORE)
64) 5) text: VICTOR(cont 'd) I’d give that little girl everything she ever needed, I’d love her unconditionally, and I wouldn’t let her out of the house until she was thirty. Nick laughs. VICTOR (CONT’D) You think it’s going to get easier when they get older. That you’re going to worry about them less. Or trust the world more. But that’s just not how it goes. They stand in silence a moment.
65) 21) dialog: Sorry. He chuckles again. VICTOR (CONT’D) You should have seen his face-- (he makes a surprised face) Then, boom. Right in the kisser.
80) 0) text: Limos wait outside both Kat’s house and the house next do Bunny fusses with Amy’s dress as they walk toward the car Victor and Kat follow, arm in arm. ANGLE ON VICTOR AND KAT. Victor looks at Kat, who is tryi to be brave. It’s almost working.
82) 0) text: Kat pushes open the heavy church doors. Organ music flood out as Kat surreptitiously looks up and down the street. Victor appears behind her. Kat looks at her dad and force smile. Victor knows she’s upset.
82) 1) dialog: So why’d you let him go?
82) 3) dialog: (ironically) Oh, well, then. It probably won’t work out. Victor stops and faces her, his voice full of meaning. VICTOR (CONT’D) I read a fascinating article in the New Yorker once and this guy said: “Every woman has the exact love life she wants.” You know what? I agree. And I refuse to believe that this is what you want. Kat is overwhelmed but Victor continues. VICTOR (CONT’D) Ever since you were a little kid, you’ve been trying to please other people. And in return for your services, all they’ve done is disappoint you. (beat) (MORE)
82) 4) text: VICTOR(cont'd) So tell me, is this the guy for you? Kat thinks about this.
82) 6) dialog: Then for once in your life, do something for yourself. Kat looks at him gratefully and makes a silent decision.
98) 0) text: Nick and Kat stand in a dark doorway, facing the closed d They share a secret smile in the dark. Just then, the USHER opens the door and Nick leads Kat do the aisle. As they walk, they exchange sidelong glances. Both are as nervous and excited as school kids. Behind them, Victor and Amy beam as they await their turn Nick leans over and whispers in her ear. 103.