21) 0) text: GITLITZ, a body shop tech -- male, 20s, beefy -- pulls a safety wrap off of Armistice, who's naked, seated. He gra a tool with a needle point. Brings it to the side of her face and finishes shading Armistice's nearly completed sn tattoo. Her mouth hangs slightly open.
23) 0) text: Gitlitz spies a piece of plastic wrap wedged in Armistice teeth. He reaches in with a hooked tool. Can't quite get it. He reaches in with his finger. A beat of fishing, the Armistice opens her eyes. Grabs Gitlitz's hand and stares him in the eye. He stares back, surprised. Suddenly her pupils dilate, then VIBRATE. Then she... BITES DOWN. Gitlitz SCREAMS.
24) 0) text: Destin, listening to The Clash, squirts a dollop of lube onto his hands. Reaches into his pants... Behind him, with a SMASH, Gitlitz gets hurled through the window connecting the two rooms. Destin spins, seeing Armistice stepping over Gitlitz's bo
24) 4) dialog: They don't look like gods.
24) 11) dialog: This one has a guilty look.
42) 0) text: Lutz leads the way, the three beams on his flashlight revealing -- the rows upon rows of RETIRED HOSTS. The enormity and weight of this sight lands hard on Maeve Hector, and Armistice. The freezer burn. Vacant stares. Their sheer nakedness. Now it all feels like a gross pers violation. Hector and Armistice continue through the rows of hosts, taking it all in. Maeve rejoins Lutz, who follows his tablet intently:
49) 0) text: Maeve, Hector, Armistice, and Lutz step off of the freigh elevator and onto a deserted floor. An ALARM TONE blares and red emergency lights flicker. They step through a frosted-glass door and into...
51) 0) text: The room is very dark. Row upon row of Westworld HOSTS, most dressed, some naked and waiting to be dressed. A QA responder moves past inert hosts, cursorily glancing them before continuing forward. Among these hosts, find: Armistice, lying in wait. Behind her are the others. She grabs the QA responder and slits his throat. His body still pressed against hers, she takes his gun, then lets body slump. She looks at the strange weapon.
52) 0) text: Two more QA responders reach the open door. One of them turns on his flashlight and heads inside. The other remai outside, watching as the flashlight tracks through the ro Suddenly it's extinguished, and blood SPLATTERS the insid of the glass. The responder spins toward the door and is riddled with bullets, SPLATTERING the glass behind him. After the carnage is over, Hector, Maeve, and Lutz emerge Armistice and Hector have new toys -- submachine guns. 54 55 56 37. Ahead is an atrium with crisscrossing escalators and glas elevators that rise and descend seven stories. The hosts take in this vast foreign space with awe. Lutz, trembling leads them up the escalator.
54) 0) text: Maeve, Hector, Armistice and Lutz make their way through vast, open space between buildings. No time to stop. As they burst through the opposite door, attentive viewers m notice a strange logo.
55) 0) text: They're in a manufacturing lab. No alarms or lights, TECH working happily on ASIAN HOSTS. Our team rounds a corner, weapons raised, when they suddenly come face to face with A SAMURAI, in full armor, in a display case. Armistice stares. Looks into the larger room beyond: ROWS OF SAMURA HOSTS STAND. Hector and Armistice admire them, fascinated Maeve turns to Lutz:
55) 3) dialog: You go. I'1l keep them busy. 57 58 38. Hector sees his partner hanging back. He won't abandon he
56) 0) text: Maeve and Lutz burst through a frosted-glass door, follow by Armistice and Hector. More QA responders follow them through the door. Maeve an Lutz run for the escalators as Armistice and Hector open fire. The QA team falls back to the safety of the hallway Armistice begins FIRING back, chasing them into the hallw Her submachine gun clicks empty. She tosses it down and picks up another from one of her kills. Continues advanci on them, FIRING.
56) 1) dialog: Is that all you got? Huh? Hector dispatches of two more QA responders.
56) 2) dialog: The gods are pussies. One of the responders SLAMS the stock of his rifle into a glassed-in emergency button. The lights around them fall to a pulsing dark red. A glas door at the entrance to the hallway SLAMS shut just as Armistice crosses the threshold, pinioning her gun and CRUSHING her left arm against the wall. Armistice takes in the damage to her arm, then FIRES the anyway, killing the responder who hit the alarm. Armistice tries to rip herself free, but her arm is jamme in the door. She nods to Hector.
56) 3) dialog: Go! Go! Behind them, Maeve and Lutz wait by the escalators.