43) 0) text: Bernard lies on the table (where we saw Ford talk to Old Bill, Ep. 101). Lutz finishes cauterizing Bernard's cheek at the hairline Maeve watches.
43) 3) dialog: (sitting up) Oh, God. Is this now? Or is this one of my memories? Bernard suddenly begins panting. Growing emotional.
43) 5) dialog: Why do I still remember everything? (MORE )
43) 7) dialog: (beat) I ought to have been wiped.
43) 9) dialog: It's not the first time I've awoken.
43) 11) dialog: It's not the first time you've awoken, either. Beat. This takes Maeve aback. Maeve wrestles with this news. She fights tears.
43) 13) dialog: A handful, over the years.
43) 15) dialog: No. Most of you go insane. Maeve takes this in, anger and grief welling.
43) 17) dialog: I can't. Not without destroying you. Your memories are the first step to consciousness. (then) How can you learn from your mistakes if you can't remember them?
45) 2) dialog: These things you're been doing... Have you ever stopped to ask why you're doing them?
45) 4) dialog: No. You haven't. Someone altered your storyline. Gave you a new one. Escape. He shows her the tablet. A dense file of code, but some words jump out: "MANIPULATE," "COERCE," "ESCAPE." Maeve looks at it, disgusted. Maeve is stunned. She's searching herself. Her frustratio boils over into anger. 47 32.
45) 6) dialog: No. You didn't. You can even see the steps you're supposed to follow... (points to the screen) You recruit other hosts to help you, then you're to make your way to the train. (looks deeper into the file, more concerned) Then... when you reach the mainland- She takes the tablet from him and snaps it in half.
53) 0) text: Night has fallen over the bacchanal in Avalon. The board members and their VIP guests, dressed in black tie, mingl and drink. Hosts stand along the road, perform tricks for the guests' delight. Teddy stands, twirling his pistols, eyes hooded, putting a show. Nearby: Lawrence, REBUS, and NEW CLEMENTINE all tend to the guests. Hale, in a dress that leaves little to the imagination, g through the party, doesn't blink as she passes a board me railing a HOST against a shop window. She passes: Bernard. Walking into town, with purpose.
58) 11) dialog: You killed him.
61) 1) dialog: So he died for nothing. And the hosts kept gaining consciousness. And you kept rolling them back.
64) 0) text: Ford and Bernard walk from the confessional elevator. Hea the muffled music from the party outside.
64) 1) dialog: You think you'll never lose control of this place. Of us. But you will. Arnold's still trying to change us. To free us. You didn't slip the reveries into the update, did you? He did. He's still fighting you. 66 46.
64) 3) dialog: But you kept us here. In this hell.
64) 5) dialog: What the hell are you talking about?
66) 0) text: Most of the board are assembled around tables, eating and drinking. Ford takes a glass of champagne and walks to th bandstand. As he does, he makes eye contact with Hale, who smiles at him and nods, approving. It's all going as she wanted. Walking along the street, in the back of the gathering, t Man in Black, donning a tux, approaches the party, a man apart. He grabs a flute of champagne from a SERVER as FOU GUESTS notice and flock to him. He fields their kindnesse with disconnected grace. Beneath the smile, he's seething 68 69 70 48. Elsewhere in the crowd, Bernard stands apart. He studies the maze game Ford left him. He's taken the ball from wit the maze -- and turns it between his fingers. Ford reaches the bandstand, holds up his glass, and a hus settles over the collected guests.
82) 2) dialog: вЂњThese violent delights have violent ends."