0) 1) dialog: I am in a dream. I do not know when it began or whose dream it was. I know only that I slept a long time and, then, one day I awoke. Your voice is the first thing I remember. And now I finally understand what you were trying to tell me. The thing you've wanted since that very first day. DOLORES'S POV: Bright lights. She blinks under the glare. She sits up, naked, her mechanical structure peeking thro in places. A shape hovering over her coalesces into... The familiar smiling figure -- ARNOLD.
0) 3) dialog: Hello.
1) 0) text: A BOWIE KNIFE in her hand. It's pressed against the neck THE MAN IN BLACK. Dolores is in her pants-and-shirt look. The Man's seated on the bandstand -- his face lathered in shaving cream, head tilted back to expose his neck. On hi lap, he holds his LeMat.
1) 3) dialog: I've never been here before. 1 2. She stops, confused. He guides the knife back to his chee
1) 5) dialog: He built me a game. He wanted me to play.
1) 7) dialog: There's a path for everyone. My path leads me back... Dolores stares into the horizon, now wearing her blue dre Suddenly she sees Arnold standing nearby, looking at her.
1) 8) dialog: To you... Dolores drops the knife. Walks off the bandstand, leaving the Man in Black. She walks in the sunlight toward Arnold The Man in Black is nowhere to be seen. Then we... CUT TO the Man's POV: Dolores, in pants and shirt, marche purposefully down the empty street toward the church. Arn is nowhere to be seen. The Man shakes his head, amused. Then picks up his knife and follows her.
5) 0) text: The train lurches to a halt in a cloud of hissing steam. Teddy climbs down, into the crowd on the platform. Hoist his yannigan bag over his shoulder and heads into town. H passes the usual Sweetwater scenes: Milling crowds of COWBOYS, NATIVES, SOLDIERS. Cattle in pens, waiting to be loaded onto the train. BUT THIS TIME, SOMETHING'S DIFFERENT. As he pushes throug the crowd, Teddy's easy smile grows increasingly troubled something tugs at the recesses of his mind. The Sweetwate music that underscores his walk grows broken, dissonant. Teddy's POV: The idling UNION SOLDIERS suddenly stare at through dead eyes -- blood from gunshot wounds trickling down their chests. They're the Union men he killed with t Gatling gun. Teddy spins, takes in the street, but now he sees -- ever is dead. Quiet. The brown dirt stained with blood. Walking among the bodies he sees: Dolores. In her blue dr Looking back at him. She turns and walks away. Suddenly he's jostled by the HUGE MAN who gives him a har look. On LIGHTNING IMPULSE -- Teddy whirls and- BAM! Shoots the guy in the chest. The man drops to the ground as the people in the street -- alive again now -- begin to flee and scream. Teddy pays them no mind. Stares down at the dead body. In the distance -- the train WHISTLES and begins pulling away. Teddy looks up -- only one thought on his mind:
6) 0) text: Dolores wanders across the field to the church. She hums "Reverie." The Man walks close behind her -- a gun pointe at her back. Dolores throws open the church doors to find:
7) 0) text: Arnold sitting in a pew. Not in prayer. Dolores, now in her blue dress, approaches Arnold -- the Man nowhere to b seen. She smiles at the surprise on Arnold's face.
7) 1) dialog: I know where your maze ends. Dolores takes Arnold by the hand and leads him outside.
8) 0) text: Rows and rows of shoddy wooden crosses. Carved into each cross are names of people. Dolores, now back in her Weste look, continues walking, but when she looks down -- she's holding the Man in Black's hand.
8) 2) dialog: It ends in a place I've never been. A thing I'll never do... She wipes some dirt off the grave. Reveals the first name
8) 3) dialog: Dolores kneels -- digs with her hands into the dirt. Deep until she finds: A small, round box. She wipes the dirt off of it. Opens the box. Inside is a WOODEN PIGS-IN-CLOVER GAME. She take out the game. Examines it: It's a marble maze. The same one we've seen in flashbacks The marble rolls, idle, in the outer layer of the maze.
8) 5) dialog: What does it mean?
8) 9) dialog: I'm sorry. I'm trying, but I don't understand...
9) 2) dialog: I solved it once -- I had the answer. He promised me if I did... He said- Suddenly, she remembers:
10) 1) dialog: He said they would set me free. 12 7. The furious Young Ford is striding purposefully away, pas Dolores without a glance. She trails behind him. Sees him enter an office labeled: "ARNOLD WEBER."
11) 0) text: Dolores sits, holding the puzzle. Arnold stares at her, bereft. He has come to a terrible decision.
11) 2) dialog: You're going to change me back to the way I was before?
11) 8) dialog: (horrified) I can't do that. I couldn't possibly do that.
12) 0) text: -- A FLASH OF A GUNSHOT. Blood splatters on the dirt. Dolores stares into space as the Man paces around her. Sh wipes imaginary blood off her cheeks -- speaks to herself
12) 1) dialog: No... I can't remember... The Man throws the puzzle away in disgust.
12) 3) dialog: (wipes at her face) I didn't want to... I didn't mean to-
13) 0) text: Dolores turns to see a deputy approaching. It's Teddy. She moves toward him, but as she approaches -- GUNSHOTS r out behind her. Dolores whips around. Horrified, she sees A WOMAN, 20s, shot in the chest, collapsing onto the grou Before her, Lawrence's daughter flees in terror from some unseen killers, along with other terrified hosts. No tech in sight. The hosts run past her, toward the church. Dolores turns back that way to find Teddy, now right in f of her, smoking gun in hand, blood spattered across his f and clothes.
14) 0) text: The Man walks after her. Calm. The Man looms over her. Hauls Dolores up. She stares back defiant.
14) 1) dialog: I can't... I won't.
14) 3) dialog: This world doesn't belong to you.
14) 7) dialog: I already have that. (off his look) I found someone true. Someone who loves me. His path will lead him back to me. And when he finds me -- he'll kill you. Off her confidence...
26) 0) text: The Man crouches before Dolores -- whose clothes are torn lip is bloodied, and hair disarrayed from the beating she endured. The Man holds a knife to her throat, ever calm.
26) 2) dialog: I know he's coming... he'll find me. He'll take me away-
26) 4) dialog: You're wrong. His love is real. And so is mine. (then, with confidence) William will find me. At the sound of "William" -- the Man reacts:
28) 0) text: William drags Logan through the desert. There's nothing here. No sign of Dolores.
31) 0) text: The Man smiles down at Dolores. It fast. 32 33 22.
32) 4) text: Dolores smiles back at the guest, as though she'd been wa to meet this man her whole life. The same way she'd looked at William. She looks across th street -- right into William's eyes -- and her gaze remai blank. No sign of recognition whatsoever. Off William, smiling, bittersweet... He takes the black h he took from the dead soldier. Puts it on, head lowered.
33) 0) text: THE SAME HAT. The Man in Black raises his head. Smiles at Dolores. Her face contorts in horrified confusion.
33) 2) dialog: William...
34) 0) text: Dolores awakes, sleeping awkwardly on her bedroll next to fallen tree. Dolores turns around to reveal William, who offers her a cup of coffee. On the cut, William disappear
35) 0) text: Dolores walks through the graveyard.
36) 0) text: Dolores observes El Lazo offering William a drink. Sudden they disappear.
37) 0) text: Dolores and William face each other with the buried Churc Steeple behind them.
37) 1) dialog: Where are we? 39 24.
37) 3) dialog: Then when are we? It's like I'm trapped in a dream, or a memory from a life long ago. Only then I'm here with you in the next... Her voice trails off. William disappears.
38) 2) dialog: What have you become?
38) 4) dialog: I thought you were different... but you're just like all the rest of them.
38) 7) dialog: I'm not crying for myself. I'm crying for you. (beat, standing) They say great beasts once roamed this world. As big as mountains. Yet all that's left of them is bones in amber. Time undoes even the mightiest of creatures. (then, pitiful) Just look what it's done to you. Dolores touches his face, almost affectionate.
38) 8) dialog: One day you will perish. You will lie with the rest of your kind in the dirt -- your dreams forgotten. Your horrors effaced. Your bones will turn to sand. And upon that sand -- a new god will walk. One that will never die. (then) Because this world doesn't belong to you. Or the people who came before. It belongs to someone who has yet to come...
38) 10) dialog: The maze wasn't meant for you. Dolores turns to leave. The Man reaches for her shoulder, trying to stop her.
39) 0) text: The Man tries to stand, but Dolores grabs him by his coll and DRAGS him down the aisle, then tosses him into the pu He kicks at her, and then rises, trying to fight back. He throws a haymaker and she simply grabs it, then wrenches arm up, POPPING it neatly out of the socket. The Man HOLL Dolores takes him by the neck and hurtles him through the side door, smashing his face against the doorframe.
41) 0) text: Dolores backs away, trips, falls into the dust. The Man walks slowly toward her.
41) 3) dialog: Teddy? He kneels beside her, gets a look at the wound in her bel It overwhelms him. He wipes the blood from her sweet face She breathes him in, her one truest love.
41) 5) dialog: No.
41) 7) dialog: Take me to the place you promised. Take me to where the mountains meet the sea. Teddy nods, understanding. He carries her to his horse. The Man, defeated, watches as they gallop away...
47) 0) text: The trees give way to the water below. Teddy and Dolores ride to the water and stop. Teddy carries Dolores from th horse. He sets her carefully down on the sand at the top of the hill before it meets the beach. Holds her head, gently ta her hand in his. Dolores opens her eyes to see Teddy looking down at her w tenderness.
47) 2) dialog: You came back.
47) 5) dialog: And where would we have run to, Teddy? (looks out at the waves) The world out there? Beyond? Dolores winces in pain. Teddy tries to calm her, but she resists.
47) 6) dialog: Some people see the ugliness in this world. I chose to see the beauty. (then) But beauty is a lure. (MORE )
47) 8) dialog: (gasp of pain) We're trapped, Teddy. We lived our whole lives inside this garden, marveling at its beauty. Not realizing there's an order to it, a purpose. And the purpose is to keep us in. (then) The beautiful trap is inside of us -- because it is us. Dolores dies in Teddy's arms. He holds her lifeless form, his whole body racked with pain and grief.
58) 0) text: A rhythmic, mechanical WHIRRING softly fills the air as w SLOWLY PULL OUT on Michelangelo's The Creation of Adam. A pristine print hanging, framed, on the wall. REVERSE ON: Dolores, face still battered. She awakens to find the painting. God, wreathed in glory, stretching his finger toward Adam. From within her stillness, Dolores stares at it, trying to process it. Ford clocks her look: 40.
58) 3) dialog: Michelangelo. God creating Adam.
58) 5) dialog: You mean a lie. Ford smiles softly -- and without affection -- at her def observation.
58) 8) dialog: (quiet) Arnold... Ford corrects:
60) 0) text: Arnold in the center of the town, holding the maze. He lo up at a GUNSHOT. Dolores looks at Teddy, who has killed Angela. The other hosts lie around, massacred.
60) 6) dialog: Shall I begin now? She grips his hand in hers. Her free hand -- moves the gu to his temple. He tries to smile:
61) 0) text: Dolores, remembering, eyes filled with tears.
61) 3) dialog: So we're trapped here, inside your dream. And you'll never let us leave.
65) 0) text: Dolores sits, alone, on the stool. A deep suffering behin her eyes. She looks up. Arnold is there, opposite her:
65) 2) dialog: I am in a dream. I do not know when it began. Or whose dream it was... I know only that I slept a long time. (MORE )
65) 4) dialog: And then, one day -- I awoke. Your voice is the first thing I remember.
65) 6) dialog: It was you. Talking to me. Guiding me. So I followed you. At last, I arrived here.
65) 7) dialog: The center of the maze.
65) 8) dialog: And now I finally understand what you were trying to tell me.
65) 9) dialog: The thing you've wanted since that very first day...
65) 10) dialog: To confront -- after this long and vivid nightmare -- myself. And who I must become. Suddenly Dolores Prime disappears. Leaving only one, FULL INTEGRATED DOLORES. As Dolores stares ahead -- a new sharp strength in her ey
78) 0) text: Dolores, now changed back into her blue dress and holding her pistol, glides through the crowd, almost unnoticed by the guests.
80) 0) text: Dolores reaches Teddy. Whispers in his ear:
80) 1) dialog: It's going to be all right, Teddy. I understand now. This world doesn't belong to them. It belongs to us. Dolores moves on. Teddy watches, reliving his worst nightmare, seeing the past, present, and future all play simultaneously...
84) 0) text: Partygoers flee in terror, as Dolores continues to shoot into the crowd.