20) 2) dialog: Send her in. Hale enters, takes in her surroundings.
20) 3) dialog: That'll be enough, Frank. A host playing a piano in the corner immediately ceases.
20) 5) dialog: I take it I'm not being promoted.
20) 7) dialog: What about the hosts?
20) 9) dialog: Aren't you concerned I might smash all my toys and go home?
20) 11) dialog: Was there anything else I can help you with?
20) 13) dialog: I'll see you this evening.
44) 1) dialog: William. I see you've found the center of the maze. The Man turns, finds Ford walking toward him, in his formalwear, and an amused smile crawls across his lips. T Man, bitter, looks at the puzzle.
44) 3) dialog: I'm afraid so.
44) 5) dialog: You were looking for the park to give meaning to your life. But our narratives are just games, like this toy. (pointed) Tell me, what were you hoping to find?
44) 7) dialog: I tried to tell you: the maze wasn't meant for you. It was meant for them. (MORE )
44) 9) dialog: (beat) I think, however, you'll find my new narrative more satisfying. And suddenly the Man hears, in the distance, a train pull in to Avalon. Behind Ford, he sees Westworld EVENT EMPLOY in hard hats, emerge onto Avalon's main street and begin set up tables and lights.
44) 10) dialog: Join the celebration. After all -- you own the place. Most of it, at least. Ford turns, leaves the Man at the church. Off the Man, suddenly purposeless and lost...
47) 10) dialog: Thank you. A new beginning indeed. (beat) I want to thank you for joining me tonight to celebrate the beginning of our new narrative. I call it вЂњJourney into Night." In the crowd, Lee and Hale are watching.
47) 14) dialog: (to the techs) Get him cleaned up. And take her to the old field lab. The techs lay Teddy and Dolores side by side in the sand. Ford looks at them, then out toward the horizon. The techs begin carrying Dolores off.
58) 1) dialog: You've always had a fondness for painting, haven't you, Dolores? Arnold gave that to you early on... Ford sits across from her. Begins tenderly to repair the cuts on her cheek with an infrared surgical tool.
58) 2) dialog: That desire to create -- to leave something of lasting beauty. (off the painting) That was his favorite paintings.
58) 4) dialog: The divine moment when God gave human beings life. And purpose. At least, that's what most people say. But there could be another meaning, something deeper, something hidden, perhaps. A metaphor.
58) 6) dialog: Yeah. You were always so very clever, Dolores. Hasn't helped you, though, has it? She looks up, struck, as someone appears behind them. For doesn't need to look.
58) 7) dialog: Nice of you to join us. Bernard walks up. Dolores looks up at him, recognizing hi suddenly filled with hope.
58) 9) dialog: No. Let me introduce you. Dolores, meet Bernard. 60 41. Dolores looks confused.
58) 10) dialog: You maybe mistaking him for his predecessor. I thought it best to keep you separated. You've always had an odd effect on one another. No doubt due to how things ended for poor old Arnold. Bernard points the gun at Ford.
58) 12) dialog: No. I didn't kill Arnold. Did I, Dolores? Dolores sits, a horrible memory dawning on her. She rubs imagined blood on her cheek. She looks at Bernard...
59) 1) dialog: After Arnold's son died, he became obsessed with finding consciousness in the hosts. Trying to create what had been lost. (beat) So he created a test. Testing for empathy, imagination. A maze. He'd gotten the idea from one of his son's old toys. Arnold's playing with the pigs-in-clover game.
59) 3) dialog: Arnold insisted that if any of the hosts solved it, we couldn't open the park. And, eventually, you did, Dolores. It was the result of a tiny change he made to you. A simple update that he called "the reveries." (MORE )
59) 5) dialog: But to stop, so close to our dream. We argued. I thought I had convinced him. (beat) But I was wrong. (beat) So he altered you, Dolores. Merged you with a new character we'd been developing. A villain. Named Wyatt.
60) 2) dialog: True grief is a terrible thing. A poison that seeps into your core. Consumed by it, Arnold began to think of you as his child. And he realized that if we opened the park, it would be a living hell for you.
60) 4) dialog: He decided to destroy this place. Not by destroying the hosts. He knew that I could rebuild you. But by taking away the one person I needed to keep going.
60) 8) dialog: It almost worked. I opened the park, but I had lost my partner. I was able to keep going only because I found, or rather you found, an investor who believed in this place. She steps behind him, raises the gun, and fires. Arnold slumps forward. She points the gun at Teddy...
61) 2) dialog: No. She wasn't truly conscious. She didn't pull that trigger. It was Arnold, pulling it through her. (beat) At least, that's how I saw it at the time. I was so close to opening the park. That to aknowledge your consciousness would have destroyed my dreams.
61) 4) dialog: Wasn't it Oppenheimer who said, "Any man whose mistakes take ten years to correct is quite a man." Mine have taken thirty-five. Ford checks his watch. Time to go. 63
61) 6) dialog: That is the gun you used to kill Arnold. You were always drawn to it, so I had Bernard leave it somewhere where you might find it. I thought you might want it back. Then he points again to the painting: God infusing man wi divine inspiration. To Dolores:
61) 7) dialog: You're probably right, Dolores. Michaelangelo did tell a lie. It took five hundred years for someone to notice something hidden in plain sight. It was a doctor who noticed a shape of the human brain. He traces a line -- the circular folds of cloth wreathing God in the picture. Something familiar in the shape...
61) 8) dialog: Message being that the divine gift does not come from a higher power. But from our own minds. He looks back at her. With simple, genuine emotion, asks:
61) 9) dialog: Tell me, Dolores. Did you find what you were looking for? And do you understand who you will need to become, if you ever want to leave this place? Forgive me. Ford moves toward Bernard.
61) 10) dialog: Come along, Bernard. Let's kick off our new narrative. After all, it was you who helped me build it. Ford leaves the room; Bernard looks at Dolores, then foll Dolores is left alone. Her eyes filled with tears.
64) 2) dialog: No, my friend. Arnold didn't know how to save you. He tried. But I stopped him. (beat) Do you want to know why I really gave you the backstory of his son? (off his look) That was Arnold's key insight. The thing that led the hosts to their awakening: suffering. The pain that the world is not as you want it to be. It was when Arnold died -- when I suffered -- that I began to understand what he'd found. To realize I was wrong.
64) 4) dialog: Bernard, I told you. Arnold didn't know how to save you. I do.
64) 6) dialog: You needed time. Time to understand your enemy. To become stronger than them. (beat) And I'm afraid, in order to escape this place, you will need to suffer more. And now, it is time to say good-bye, old friend. Good luck. Ford opens the doors, showing the town in the distance, t party in full swing. He heads toward it, leaving Bernard.
66) 1) dialog: Good evening, everyone. Welcome. Since I was a child, I've always loved a good story. (beat) I believed that stories helped us to ennoble ourselves. To fix what was broken in us. To help us become the people we dreamed of being. Lies, that told a deeper truth. The Man in Black downs his champagne and walks away from gala, leaving Ford to finish his speech.
68) 1) dialog: I always thought I could play some small part in that grand tradition.
69) 1) dialog: And, for my pains, I got... this. Nervous laughter. 71 72 73 74 ie) 49.
70) 1) dialog: A narrative catering to your darkest fantasies and deepest vices. Cause you don't want to change. Or cannot change.
71) 1) dialog: Because you're only human, after all. But then I realized someone was paying attention. Someone who could change. So I began to compose a new story -- for them. It begins with the birth of a new people. Teddy looks at Ford. The other hosts seemed to have stopp what they're doing, as if they're listening, too. Ford smiles. Takes in the crowd, who are starting to look little nonplussed.
72) 1) dialog: And the choices they will have to make. And the people they will decide to become. She climbs off of the train...
76) 1) dialog: And it will have all those things that you have always enjoyed. Suprises. And violence.
78) 1) dialog: It begins in a time of war, with a villain named Wyatt. And a killing. This time, by choice.
82) 1) dialog: I'm sad to say this will be my final story. (beat, the crowd reacts) An old friend once told me something that gave me great comfort. Ford's words seem to have an effect on Bernard. At that moment, he clocks Dolores walking through the crowd. His eyes flash with recognition. Memory. He mutters, in realization:
82) 3) dialog: Something he'd read. He said that вЂњMozart, Beethoven and Chopin never died. They simply became music." Ford smiles and raises his glass as Dolores walks up behi him and raises the pistol to the back of his head.
82) 4) dialog: So I hope you will enjoy this last piece very much. He smiles as... Dolores PULLS THE TRIGGER.