19) 0) text: Hector's eyes flit back and forth rapidly under his eyeli His muscles faintly twitch and spasm. Beside him, Armisti too, spasms in isolated, minute fits. Like tiny shocks. Her eyes flit impossibly fast under her eyelids.
22) 0) text: Behind a rack of CORPSES, Destin parks Hector in the midd of the floor. Takes off his eye protector and apron. Puts a small packet of lube on the worktable next to some medi looking scalpels and a bone saw. Puts in some headphones.
24) 2) dialog: Just you and me now, my friend. Hector is standing behind him, close. Destin stiffens unnaturally. Looks down at his midsection as the tip of a long surgical saw emerges through his stomach, followed b gusher of blood. Destin drops to the floor, dead. Hector and Armistice survey the body shop. Apex predators Then turn to find: Maeve in a black diagnostic uniform and diagnostic glasse Lutz behind her. Shitting his pants.
24) 6) dialog: I'm eager to return the favor.
24) 8) dialog: And go where?
42) 0) text: Lutz leads the way, the three beams on his flashlight revealing -- the rows upon rows of RETIRED HOSTS. The enormity and weight of this sight lands hard on Maeve Hector, and Armistice. The freezer burn. Vacant stares. Their sheer nakedness. Now it all feels like a gross pers violation. Hector and Armistice continue through the rows of hosts, taking it all in. Maeve rejoins Lutz, who follows his tablet intently:
49) 0) text: Maeve, Hector, Armistice, and Lutz step off of the freigh elevator and onto a deserted floor. An ALARM TONE blares and red emergency lights flicker. They step through a frosted-glass door and into...
52) 0) text: Two more QA responders reach the open door. One of them turns on his flashlight and heads inside. The other remai outside, watching as the flashlight tracks through the ro Suddenly it's extinguished, and blood SPLATTERS the insid of the glass. The responder spins toward the door and is riddled with bullets, SPLATTERING the glass behind him. After the carnage is over, Hector, Maeve, and Lutz emerge Armistice and Hector have new toys -- submachine guns. 54 55 56 37. Ahead is an atrium with crisscrossing escalators and glas elevators that rise and descend seven stories. The hosts take in this vast foreign space with awe. Lutz, trembling leads them up the escalator.
54) 0) text: Maeve, Hector, Armistice and Lutz make their way through vast, open space between buildings. No time to stop. As they burst through the opposite door, attentive viewers m notice a strange logo.
55) 0) text: They're in a manufacturing lab. No alarms or lights, TECH working happily on ASIAN HOSTS. Our team rounds a corner, weapons raised, when they suddenly come face to face with A SAMURAI, in full armor, in a display case. Armistice stares. Looks into the larger room beyond: ROWS OF SAMURA HOSTS STAND. Hector and Armistice admire them, fascinated Maeve turns to Lutz:
55) 4) dialog: You don't get all of the fun.
56) 0) text: Maeve and Lutz burst through a frosted-glass door, follow by Armistice and Hector. More QA responders follow them through the door. Maeve an Lutz run for the escalators as Armistice and Hector open fire. The QA team falls back to the safety of the hallway Armistice begins FIRING back, chasing them into the hallw Her submachine gun clicks empty. She tosses it down and picks up another from one of her kills. Continues advanci on them, FIRING.
56) 4) dialog: Die well. Hector heads back toward Maeve.
57) 0) text: Maeve, Lutz, and Hector appear at the top of an escalator Ahead: the elevator to the upper part of the mesa. Freedo 59 39. Lutz stops and fishes out a leather bag he's stashed behi a service door. Hands it to Maeve.
57) 3) dialog: See you in the next life. Just as the doors close, Maeve watches Hector turn back t the responders, now bottlenecked on the escalator. All Ma and Lutz can hear now is muffled GUNFIRE.