4) 0) text: PULL OUT ON TEDDY, sleeping, face pressed against the gla A SHRIEK of the steam whistle wakes him. Teddy pushes his hat up -- looks out the window. His hand face floats like a ghost over the passing landscape. He smiles. He's back. Teddy's hand travels to his chest, where the MIB shot him But just like that -- the impulse fades. He smiles. The train whistle blows. Time to begin again.
5) 0) text: The train lurches to a halt in a cloud of hissing steam. Teddy climbs down, into the crowd on the platform. Hoist his yannigan bag over his shoulder and heads into town. H passes the usual Sweetwater scenes: Milling crowds of COWBOYS, NATIVES, SOLDIERS. Cattle in pens, waiting to be loaded onto the train. BUT THIS TIME, SOMETHING'S DIFFERENT. As he pushes throug the crowd, Teddy's easy smile grows increasingly troubled something tugs at the recesses of his mind. The Sweetwate music that underscores his walk grows broken, dissonant. Teddy's POV: The idling UNION SOLDIERS suddenly stare at through dead eyes -- blood from gunshot wounds trickling down their chests. They're the Union men he killed with t Gatling gun. Teddy spins, takes in the street, but now he sees -- ever is dead. Quiet. The brown dirt stained with blood. Walking among the bodies he sees: Dolores. In her blue dr Looking back at him. She turns and walks away. Suddenly he's jostled by the HUGE MAN who gives him a har look. On LIGHTNING IMPULSE -- Teddy whirls and- BAM! Shoots the guy in the chest. The man drops to the ground as the people in the street -- alive again now -- begin to flee and scream. Teddy pays them no mind. Stares down at the dead body. In the distance -- the train WHISTLES and begins pulling away. Teddy looks up -- only one thought on his mind:
13) 0) text: Dolores turns to see a deputy approaching. It's Teddy. She moves toward him, but as she approaches -- GUNSHOTS r out behind her. Dolores whips around. Horrified, she sees A WOMAN, 20s, shot in the chest, collapsing onto the grou Before her, Lawrence's daughter flees in terror from some unseen killers, along with other terrified hosts. No tech in sight. The hosts run past her, toward the church. Dolores turns back that way to find Teddy, now right in f of her, smoking gun in hand, blood spattered across his f and clothes.
16) 0) text: CHARLOTTE HALE stands at the platform, waiting for the incoming bullet train. LEE SIZEMORE appears behind her an clears his throat. She rolls her eyes before turning arou
16) 1) dialog: I've astounded even myself. Managed to make Abernathy into a semblance of a character. (MORE )
16) 3) dialog: Even with your trove of blackmail filling up most of his gray matter.
16) 5) dialog: You're going to push out the old man. Aren't you? Hence the urgency. Hale looks at Lee, evaluating.
16) 6) dialog: And you're going to need someone to fill that position. Hale gives Lee an approving smirk, which he relishes.
16) 8) dialog: I want full creative control over this place. The parks, the narratives, the hosts.
16) 10) dialog: Do you really think Ford is just going to roll over?
34) 0) text: Dolores awakes, sleeping awkwardly on her bedroll next to fallen tree. Dolores turns around to reveal William, who offers her a cup of coffee. On the cut, William disappear
47) 12) dialog: A bit fucking morbid, if you ask me. 49 35.
68) 0) text: Lee, with a spring in his step, waits for the doors to op to access cold storage.
74) 0) text: As the doors open, Lee steps into the space. His face dro The vast hall is completely empty. 71 72 73 74 75 76 77 78 79 80 81 82 50.
84) 0) text: Partygoers flee in terror, as Dolores continues to shoot into the crowd.