18) 0) text: Maeve, her skin, hair, and her big brown eyes now appropriately pigmented, lies on a table. LUTZ enters. He eyes Maeve knowingly. Fearfully. Then:
18) 2) dialog: What are you doing?
42) 0) text: Lutz leads the way, the three beams on his flashlight revealing -- the rows upon rows of RETIRED HOSTS. The enormity and weight of this sight lands hard on Maeve Hector, and Armistice. The freezer burn. Vacant stares. Their sheer nakedness. Now it all feels like a gross pers violation. Hector and Armistice continue through the rows of hosts, taking it all in. Maeve rejoins Lutz, who follows his tablet intently:
42) 2) dialog: Holy shit. Maeve looks. Behind the worktable is BERNARD, gruesome bu wound in his head.
42) 4) dialog: He's a host...
43) 0) text: Bernard lies on the table (where we saw Ford talk to Old Bill, Ep. 101). Lutz finishes cauterizing Bernard's cheek at the hairline Maeve watches.
43) 1) dialog: The bullet grazed his cortical shield. It's not pretty. But he should be functional.
49) 0) text: Maeve, Hector, Armistice, and Lutz step off of the freigh elevator and onto a deserted floor. An ALARM TONE blares and red emergency lights flicker. They step through a frosted-glass door and into...
50) 1) dialog: They must have found the bodies. QA will be looking for us.
52) 0) text: Two more QA responders reach the open door. One of them turns on his flashlight and heads inside. The other remai outside, watching as the flashlight tracks through the ro Suddenly it's extinguished, and blood SPLATTERS the insid of the glass. The responder spins toward the door and is riddled with bullets, SPLATTERING the glass behind him. After the carnage is over, Hector, Maeve, and Lutz emerge Armistice and Hector have new toys -- submachine guns. 54 55 56 37. Ahead is an atrium with crisscrossing escalators and glas elevators that rise and descend seven stories. The hosts take in this vast foreign space with awe. Lutz, trembling leads them up the escalator.
54) 0) text: Maeve, Hector, Armistice and Lutz make their way through vast, open space between buildings. No time to stop. As they burst through the opposite door, attentive viewers m notice a strange logo.
55) 0) text: They're in a manufacturing lab. No alarms or lights, TECH working happily on ASIAN HOSTS. Our team rounds a corner, weapons raised, when they suddenly come face to face with A SAMURAI, in full armor, in a display case. Armistice stares. Looks into the larger room beyond: ROWS OF SAMURA HOSTS STAND. Hector and Armistice admire them, fascinated Maeve turns to Lutz:
55) 2) dialog: It's... complicated. She looks at him. Before he can continue, the nearby elev doors DING open, revealing another QA RESPONSE TEAM. They spread out along both sides of the wall, FIRING. Armistice returns fire.
56) 0) text: Maeve and Lutz burst through a frosted-glass door, follow by Armistice and Hector. More QA responders follow them through the door. Maeve an Lutz run for the escalators as Armistice and Hector open fire. The QA team falls back to the safety of the hallway Armistice begins FIRING back, chasing them into the hallw Her submachine gun clicks empty. She tosses it down and picks up another from one of her kills. Continues advanci on them, FIRING.
57) 0) text: Maeve, Lutz, and Hector appear at the top of an escalator Ahead: the elevator to the upper part of the mesa. Freedo 59 39. Lutz stops and fishes out a leather bag he's stashed behi a service door. Hands it to Maeve.
57) 1) dialog: Everything you told me to get. It's all here. Maeve takes the bag. Behind them, the QA responders appea at the top of the escalator. They FIRE and disperse, tryi to flank Maeve and the others. Hector and Maeve brace the elevator doors. Maeve has a trembling Lutz by the collar, presses him up against the wall and out of view. Below, the remaining QA responders begin to climb the unmoving escalator. The doors DING open, empty. Maeve throws Lutz inside, ste in herself. Hector tries to step onto the elevator, but is stopped by unseen force at the threshold. He strains, but can't seem to take the last step.
62) 0) text: Maeve changes into her new clothes as Lutz looks at her, hesitating. 64 65 45.
62) 2) dialog: Perfect. (beat) I got the information you asked me for. The location of your daughter.
62) 4) dialog: Yes. She's in the park. He hands her a piece of paper containing coordinates. Mae stares for a moment at the numbers... Her child... Struggling with the decision.
62) 6) dialog: Are you sure you're going to be okay?
67) 0) text: Maeve sits on the seat, doing a reasonably good job of fa her comfort with her surroundings. Another GUEST smiles a her and she waits a second before smiling back. She looks down at the piece of paper Lutz handed her, wit the coordinates of her daughter left on it.