17) 0) text: A TECHNICIAN places a white disc on a tray at the end of short line of similar white discs. Aligns them. Something about his movements seems tentative, wrong: It's SYLVESTER. He steps away, nervous, dodging machinery looking back, as... A robot arm grabs one of the vertebrae, inciting a sequen of JUMP CUTS: -- The arm rapidly threads the discs together, like a str of pearls held in a diaphanous web. It's mesmerizing. -- TIGHT ON the host's face. The last drips of liquid ski dribble off the jawline, revealing familiar contours: MAE Then her eyes open, revealing disquieting bleach-white ir A robot arm draws a fine needle toward one. The needle smoothly enters the iris. Then it begins rapidly injectin brown pigmentation, microscopic amounts at a time, throug the iris, like a refined tattoo gun. Two seconds later, the arm moves to the other iris, revea the deep brown color in Maeve's eye. It is undeniably ali
18) 0) text: Maeve, her skin, hair, and her big brown eyes now appropriately pigmented, lies on a table. LUTZ enters. He eyes Maeve knowingly. Fearfully. Then:
18) 1) dialog: In case you're wondering if I am all here... I am. Maeve takes his tablet. She begins typing rapidly, access back doors to the security systems and inputting commands
18) 3) dialog: Making some changes to the park's security systems. And... to my friends. Through the glass she sees two naked hosts being walked i the adjoining room: HECTOR and ARMISTICE. Hector does not have a scar on his face, and Armistice doesn't have her tattoo. 20 21 13. Maeve takes the tablet back from Lutz. Deftly pulls up profiles of Hector and Armistice and the various levels o their attributes under three menus: "EMOTIONALITY," "PSYCHOLOGY," and "PHYSIOLOGY." Maeve touches "PHYSIOLOGY" -- it brings up a new set of s attributes. She moves the level for "PAIN SENSORY" all the way down t zero. She moves "COURAGE" all the way up. "STRENGTH," too As she does, in the adjacent room...
24) 3) dialog: I see you've already met your makers.
24) 5) dialog: They're not. They just act like it. And they've been having their fun with us.
24) 7) dialog: You can do what you wish with them... but the goal is to escape.
24) 9) dialog: I want to see their world.
24) 15) dialog: Is anyone going to try to stop us?
24) 17) dialog: You're lying. Again. Out with it.
24) 21) dialog: I know someone who does. Let's go. (to Sylvester) And you. Stay here. And don't move. Or I'll send her back for you. Sylvester shrinks away.
42) 0) text: Lutz leads the way, the three beams on his flashlight revealing -- the rows upon rows of RETIRED HOSTS. The enormity and weight of this sight lands hard on Maeve Hector, and Armistice. The freezer burn. Vacant stares. Their sheer nakedness. Now it all feels like a gross pers violation. Hector and Armistice continue through the rows of hosts, taking it all in. Maeve rejoins Lutz, who follows his tablet intently:
42) 1) dialog: There. Lutz follows Maeve's eyeline to the examination room. Ins she finds CLEMENTINE. Pauses for a beat, looking at her o friend, her eyes vacant. 28.
42) 3) dialog: Can you get him back online?
42) 5) dialog: Yes... Lutz looks at his own hands. As if questioning the nature of his own reality. Maeve clocks this:
42) 6) dialog: For fuck's sake. You're not one of us. You're one of them. (then) Now. Fix him. Off Maeve...
43) 0) text: Bernard lies on the table (where we saw Ford talk to Old Bill, Ep. 101). Lutz finishes cauterizing Bernard's cheek at the hairline Maeve watches.
43) 2) dialog: Wake up.
43) 4) dialog: It's the sweet hereafter, Bernard.
43) 8) dialog: Brutal, isn't it? Here you are, finally awake. And your only wish is to go back to sleep.
43) 10) dialog: All the more pity for you.
43) 12) dialog: How many are there like me?
43) 14) dialog: And you just wipe us clean...? And toss us out to get fucked and murdered over and over again?
43) 16) dialog: These memories. The girl -- my... daughter. I want you to remove them.
45) 1) dialog: Before I started altering myself, someone else had beaten me to the punch. I want to know who. And why. She hands Bernard a tablet. He takes it, wary. Then begin to type, pulling up Maeve's core code. Bernard looks more and more concerned with what he's seeing on the tablet.
45) 3) dialog: You said yourself. I've been stuck in this shithole for so long I decided to get out.
45) 5) dialog: These are my decisions. Not someone else's. I planned all of this...
45) 7) dialog: Bullshit. No one's controlling me. I'm leaving. I'm in control... She turns. Looks at Clementine. Maternally. Touches her face.
45) 8) dialog: Good-bye, my Clementine. Maeve leaves, and the others follow her.
49) 0) text: Maeve, Hector, Armistice, and Lutz step off of the freigh elevator and onto a deserted floor. An ALARM TONE blares and red emergency lights flicker. They step through a frosted-glass door and into...
50) 0) text: Maeve peers down a hallway bathed in red light. In the ro HOSTS practice behaviors (sex, shooting, cleaning) -- wit all-black props -- oblivious to their surroundings.
50) 2) dialog: I'm not going back. A pack of QA RESPONDERS, armed with submachine guns, move swiftly through the snaking halls of the behavior level.
52) 0) text: Two more QA responders reach the open door. One of them turns on his flashlight and heads inside. The other remai outside, watching as the flashlight tracks through the ro Suddenly it's extinguished, and blood SPLATTERS the insid of the glass. The responder spins toward the door and is riddled with bullets, SPLATTERING the glass behind him. After the carnage is over, Hector, Maeve, and Lutz emerge Armistice and Hector have new toys -- submachine guns. 54 55 56 37. Ahead is an atrium with crisscrossing escalators and glas elevators that rise and descend seven stories. The hosts take in this vast foreign space with awe. Lutz, trembling leads them up the escalator.
54) 0) text: Maeve, Hector, Armistice and Lutz make their way through vast, open space between buildings. No time to stop. As they burst through the opposite door, attentive viewers m notice a strange logo.
55) 0) text: They're in a manufacturing lab. No alarms or lights, TECH working happily on ASIAN HOSTS. Our team rounds a corner, weapons raised, when they suddenly come face to face with A SAMURAI, in full armor, in a display case. Armistice stares. Looks into the larger room beyond: ROWS OF SAMURA HOSTS STAND. Hector and Armistice admire them, fascinated Maeve turns to Lutz:
55) 1) dialog: What is this place?
56) 0) text: Maeve and Lutz burst through a frosted-glass door, follow by Armistice and Hector. More QA responders follow them through the door. Maeve an Lutz run for the escalators as Armistice and Hector open fire. The QA team falls back to the safety of the hallway Armistice begins FIRING back, chasing them into the hallw Her submachine gun clicks empty. She tosses it down and picks up another from one of her kills. Continues advanci on them, FIRING.
57) 0) text: Maeve, Lutz, and Hector appear at the top of an escalator Ahead: the elevator to the upper part of the mesa. Freedo 59 39. Lutz stops and fishes out a leather bag he's stashed behi a service door. Hands it to Maeve.
57) 2) dialog: Sorry, darling. I haven't authorized you to come with us. And as much as I'd like to take you with me, I've always valued my independence. Kick up a row, will you? She takes Hector's face in her hands and kisses him. The two share a look. He smirks, admiring her ruthlessness.
62) 0) text: Maeve changes into her new clothes as Lutz looks at her, hesitating. 64 65 45.
62) 1) dialog: How do I look?
62) 3) dialog: She's alive?
62) 5) dialog: No. She was never my daughter -- any more than I was... whoever they made me.
62) 7) dialog: Oh, Felix. You really do make a terrible human being. (beat) And I mean that as a compliment. Finished dressing, Maeve regards herself in the mirrored doors. She could be any guest. She smiles.
63) 0) text: Maeve walks down the escalator and joins the small crowd climbing onto the train.
67) 0) text: Maeve sits on the seat, doing a reasonably good job of fa her comfort with her surroundings. Another GUEST smiles a her and she waits a second before smiling back. She looks down at the piece of paper Lutz handed her, wit the coordinates of her daughter left on it.
72) 0) text: Maeve looks at a family of guests -- a WOMAN and her DAUG 8 -- laughing, reliving their adventures in the park.
73) 0) text: Maeve watches the train pull away. She turns to walk back into the park. As she does, the lights in the main hall flicker and fade.