1) 0) text: A BOWIE KNIFE in her hand. It's pressed against the neck THE MAN IN BLACK. Dolores is in her pants-and-shirt look. The Man's seated on the bandstand -- his face lathered in shaving cream, head tilted back to expose his neck. On hi lap, he holds his LeMat.
1) 1) dialog: Keep going. Make it close. With no choice but to obey him, Dolores traces the knife down his Adam's apple -- giving him a tight, precise shav
1) 2) dialog: We're almost there -- aren't we? The center of the maze. How fitting that it's you who takes me there. You were always obsessed with this place.
1) 4) dialog: Sure you have. You even brought me once. Course, then the whole town was buried under sand. Ford must have dug it up again. At the time, I thought it was a mistake in your code. But Arnold didn't make mistakes, did he? Dolores remembers something from the past. Thinks aloud:
1) 6) dialog: The maze.
8) 0) text: Rows and rows of shoddy wooden crosses. Carved into each cross are names of people. Dolores, now back in her Weste look, continues walking, but when she looks down -- she's holding the Man in Black's hand.
8) 1) dialog: This is it? The center of the maze?
9) 1) dialog: What is this? What does it mean? Dolores looks at the maze -- remembering.
12) 2) dialog: Another fucking riddle. I've been very patient, Dolores. But it's time to give up whatever's going on in that head of yours -- or I'll cut it out myself. Where is Wyatt? He's the last character in this world I have yet to meet.
12) 4) dialog: Very well... if you insist. He STRIKES her. She falls back. Crawls away. As Dolores picks herself up, she looks around -- suddenly she sees Avalon filled with HOSTS. All dead on the ground (the same vision Teddy's been having in his flashbacks). 14 15
14) 2) dialog: This is your own fault, Dolores. Remember? You're the one who said, "This is the only world that matters." And you were right. So I took your advice -- and I bought this world.
14) 4) dialog: Oh, but it does -- by a majority share. And business is booming! You wanna know why? (then) Because this place feels more "real" than the real world. Except it isn't. Because you can't really fight back. And the guests can't really lose. Which means, all of this -- isa lie. (MORE )
14) 6) dialog: (then) But we can make it true. Don't you want that, Dolores? One true thing? She stares into his eyes -- defiant through her pain.
26) 1) dialog: I must admit. You've surprised me. To what do we owe this newfound stoicism?
26) 3) dialog: Don't you understand? There's no one coming for you.
26) 5) dialog: William? (laughs lightly) Well, I'll be damned, Dolores. You do remember some things after all. (then) It just so happens, I knew a guest named William, too. Why don't I tell you where his path really led?
27) 1) dialog: William didn't know how to fight. (MORE )
27) 3) dialog: Didn't have an instinct for it -- not at first. But now he had a reason to fight. He was looking for you. And, somewhere along the way, he found he had a taste for it. There is a SHUFFLING noise from a little way away. The me turn, following the sound. It's a young, skinny Confederado, a BUCK PRIVATE, trying scramble away. (The careful viewer will note that this wa one of the group of soldiers who took Dolores.) Lawrence fires and his gang follows suit. The private kee fleeing, then falls at the feet of: William. Spattered with blood. Eyes dark. A tense moment, then the private rises to his feet, hands up. He's unhurt, but terrified. William moves closer. Aims the gun at his heart. The private trembles, choked with fear.
28) 1) dialog: William retraced his steps. But you were gone. So he went further. Out to the fringes... We see the CHURCH STEEPLE, ominous against the blue sky. William rubs the growth of beard on his chin. As William and Logan leave the ruins of Avalon, the photo Logan's sister falls out of William's jacket pocket and b away.
29) 1) dialog: William couldn't find you, Dolores. But out there, among the dead, he did find something else... Himself.
31) 1) dialog: Logan was wrong, of course. Good old William couldn't get you out of his head. He kept looking. Worried you were out there. Alone. Afraid. He knew he'd find you.
32) 1) dialog: And, eventually, he did. He is covered in dirt and wears a few days' growth of bea His shirtsleeves and trousers are caked brown with dried blood and mud. He looks right at home.
32) 2) dialog: Right back where we started. And suddenly TIME SLOWS -- because William spots Dolores coming out of the grocery store. The sight stops him in h tracks. She's alive. He can't believe it. He takes a single step toward her, his heart bursting. She begins to load supplies into her horse's saddlebag. O cue, the can falls, rolls along the dirt. William watches the can roll against the feet of another GUEST -- male, 30s -- who hands it back to Dolores with a curious smile.
32) 3) dialog: You were as beautiful as the day he met you. Shining with that same light... And you were nothing if not true..
33) 0) text: THE SAME HAT. The Man in Black raises his head. Smiles at Dolores. Her face contorts in horrified confusion.
33) 1) dialog: I really ought to thank you. You helped me find myself.
33) 3) dialog: That's right, sweetheart. In a way, I guess you were right. My path always led me back to you... again and again. I grew tired of you after a while, of course. Looked for new adventures.
34) 1) dialog: But I guess your path led you back here. Again, and again. One more loop... looking for something you could never find. Chasing your ghosts.
36) 1) dialog: You were lost in your memories even then. I guess I should have known, that's what I would become for you. Just another memory.
38) 1) dialog: You never did escape. But here we are again... for one final round. She sees the Man clearly for the first time. He's her William, but older, darker, void of the tenderness that o her up decades ago.
38) 3) dialog: Exactly what you made me. You helped me understand. This world is just like the one outside: a game. One to be fought. Taken. Won. Dolores looks at him, crestfallen.
38) 5) dialog: I'm nothing like the others. I own this world. And I know every trick in it. Except for one last thing. The same thing you were looking for when we first came here. (then) Where is the center of the maze, Dolores? She stares at him, heartbroken. For the first time, Dolor breaks. Begins to cry.
38) 6) dialog: Ah, yes -- cue the waterworks. It's about time you realized the futility of your situation. 25. Then Dolores's eyes take on a clarity. She looks at the M in Black as though from a great distance.
38) 9) dialog: Wyatt... Take me to him. Unlock the maze. Coiled with rage, Dolores's eyes darken:
38) 11) dialog: Where in the hell do you think you're going? Lightning fast, she punches him in the solar plexus, then the throat. He reels backward. Then -- with the power and grace only a perfect machine c possess -- she grabs him by the neck and propels him, hea first, into the church doors. He flips, crashing down int the pews and toppling them. 40 41 42 26.
40) 1) dialog: Do it. Come on. Let's go to the next level, Dolores. Dolores tries to squeeze the trigger. Her finger is wrapp around it, trying, with every ounce of free will she has, pull it. But she can't do it. The Man stares up at her, more disappointed than even she With ire, he grabs his bowie knife and PLUNGES IT INTO HE GUT. His eyes lock with hers as he twists the knife.
40) 2) dialog: Clearing me of my delusions yet again. Thank you. She stumbles backward. Panic sets in. Grabbing at her bel Dolores backs away...
41) 1) dialog: I'm disappointed, Dolores. I guess I'll have to find Wyatt by myself. The Man bends down, puts his knife to her throat, ready t plunge it in her neck, when- The GALLOPING HOOFS draw his attention. He looks up, sees Teddy racing toward him, on his horse. Before he can reac BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! BLAM! Teddy doesn't wait for the Man to shoot first. 43 27. He overrides his own programming and unloads his revolver square into the Man's chest, knocking him backward. Teddy jumps off his horse, runs over to Dolores.
44) 0) text: The Man in Black jerks his left arm, hard. He grimaces as he pops his shoulder back into place. 30. He dusts himself off. Spits the blood from his mouth, win when he identifies which of his ribs are broken. Looks at the puzzle. The marble rattles as it rolls mindlessly thr the steps of the maze.
44) 2) dialog: You're serious.
44) 4) dialog: (holding out the maze) What is this bullshit? Ford takes the game, watches the marble roll around. Havi it in his hands again fills him with bittersweet memories
44) 6) dialog: You know what I wanted. I wanted the hosts to stop playing by your rules. A game's not worth playing if your opponent's programed to lose. I wanted them to be free, free to fight back. (beat) I should have known you'd never let them. After all, this is your petty kingdom, Robert. For a little while longer, any way. Ford takes it in. Impassive.
66) 0) text: Most of the board are assembled around tables, eating and drinking. Ford takes a glass of champagne and walks to th bandstand. As he does, he makes eye contact with Hale, who smiles at him and nods, approving. It's all going as she wanted. Walking along the street, in the back of the gathering, t Man in Black, donning a tux, approaches the party, a man apart. He grabs a flute of champagne from a SERVER as FOU GUESTS notice and flock to him. He fields their kindnesse with disconnected grace. Beneath the smile, he's seething 68 69 70 48. Elsewhere in the crowd, Bernard stands apart. He studies the maze game Ford left him. He's taken the ball from wit the maze -- and turns it between his fingers. Ford reaches the bandstand, holds up his glass, and a hus settles over the collected guests.