2) 0) text: Intense and determined, WILLIAM charges through the woods dragging LOGAN, hands bound, on a rope behind him.
2) 2) dialog: She's still alive. He yanks Logan forward.
2) 5) dialog: Listen -- you may find this amusing, but something was happening to Dolores. I need to help her.
2) 7) dialog: I agree. That's why we're here. Logan's eyes go wide as he sees before them -- a group of ragtag REVOLUTIONARIES preparing for war. William walks into the clearing. Immediately -- the revolutionaries pull guns on him. The leader emerges. LAWRENCE.
15) 0) text: Lawrence shows William the camp, which looks quiet; few m out of their tents.
15) 2) dialog: Can you help me?
15) 5) dialog: Shut up.
27) 0) text: The aftermath of battle: William and Lawrence's crew stan outside the camp, carnage surrounding them. DEAD SOLDIERS everywhere, piled. A still-tied Logan sits against a pile of bodies, looking traumatized.
27) 4) dialog: Where is she?
27) 6) dialog: What do you mean, you didn't "do anything"?
27) 8) dialog: Is she still alive?
27) 10) dialog: Pick up that gun.
27) 12) dialog: How about I give you the first shot? Crying, the private LUNGES for the gun; simultaneously Wi BLASTS him in the chest. He goes down next to Logan, on h back. William strides over, stands over the private, take out his knife, and kneels at the young soldier's side.
27) 14) dialog: (to Lawrence) We gotta keep looking. She's still out there.
28) 0) text: William drags Logan through the desert. There's nothing here. No sign of Dolores.
29) 0) text: SLO-MO -- William rides, SHOOTING. A CONFEDERADO falls.
30) 2) dialog: Edge of the park. We made it.
30) 4) dialog: This place is remarkable. And IвЂ™m going to make sure that our company substantially increases our holdings in the park. Because this place is the future.
30) 6) dialog: Your father will be looking for someone a little more stable to take over. You're reckless, Logan. Impetuous. (beat) You always wanted to get to the end of the rainbow, didn't you? This looks like the place.
32) 0) text: William rides back into Sweetwater. He's no longer the fr faced guest from the outside world. In fact, he looks entirely different.
32) 4) text: Dolores smiles back at the guest, as though she'd been wa to meet this man her whole life. The same way she'd looked at William. She looks across th street -- right into William's eyes -- and her gaze remai blank. No sign of recognition whatsoever. Off William, smiling, bittersweet... He takes the black h he took from the dead soldier. Puts it on, head lowered.
34) 0) text: Dolores awakes, sleeping awkwardly on her bedroll next to fallen tree. Dolores turns around to reveal William, who offers her a cup of coffee. On the cut, William disappear
36) 0) text: Dolores observes El Lazo offering William a drink. Sudden they disappear.
37) 0) text: Dolores and William face each other with the buried Churc Steeple behind them.
37) 2) dialog: We're here. Together.