1) 0) text: CAMERA PANS a group of freshly-scrubbed, innocent childre obediently standing in line, like recruits for the Holy  Crusade. PULL BACK to REVEAL they are wearing the gray  blazers, striped ties and navy slacks of St. Luke's Schoo They are waiting patiently at the curbside in front of th statue of the school's sainted namesake. One of the fifth grade BOYS pokes the KID next to him with his elbow. The  other Kid is about to retaliate when SISTER MARY FRANCIS, stern-faced nun, appears behind them, grabbing them both  firmly by the shoulders.
1) 1) dialog: Make one more move and you'll both  be staying late for the rest of the  week.
1) 3) dialog: I didn't hear you.
1) 5) text: Sister Mary Francis checks her watch. She scowls and look out past the parking lot gate. Suddenly we HEAR the SOUND of an ENGINE roaring at full  throttle. There is a SCREECHING of BRAKES, followed by th loud GRINDING of GEARS. It sounds like the Indy 500 is ta place around the corner.
1) 6) dialog: (used to this) Step away from the curb, children.
1) 7) text: Zooming through the parking lot gates is a large yellow s bus. It practically takes the last turn on just two wheel The bus driver quickly slams on the brakes, leaving ten f of rubber behind him as the bus comes to an ear-splitting halt right in front of them. The front door immediately s open and RICK STAHL, the driver, hops out. Rick is the li of the party, even when there isn't any party going on. While chronologically older than the St. Luke students, t only thing that sets him apart from them is that he has a driver's license. Rick figures he'll live up to his  capabilities and get serious in his next life... This  incarnation's strictly for laughs. Sister Mary Francis st up to him.
1) 8) dialog: You're late again, Rick.
1) 10) dialog: There can be no excuse for tardiness.
1) 13) dialog: All right, stop that... Children, on  the bus.
1) 16) dialog: (smiling despite  herself) Get going, Rick... you're late enough  as it is.
74) 11) dialog: Don't go back on your word, Rick. Be  true; be strong.
74) 12) text: Sister Mary Francis's face disappears.