77) 2) dialog: A Jackal headed creature, in our face.
98) 0) text: Like the medallion below, a laser traces the floor, illuminating this dark room. Once surrounding the medalli SHAPES begin to form. Soon we SEE it's O'Neil, Daniel and Anubis. The beam VANISHES and a circular door SLIDES open.
99) 0) text: As the door opens we find HORUS waiting. He and Anubis le Daniel and O'Neil into the room. Suddenly a loud SOUND is heard and the wall before them slowly begins to PART. 218 219 220 221 79.
101) 3) dialog: touches a switch on the collar of his outfit and suddenly the Jackal head MORPS into the cold but handsome face of HUMAN, the real man behind the mask. Ra turns towards Horus, who also begins to CHANGE SHAPE. His Hawk mask peeling back to reveal the MAN underneath; dark skinned North African with joyless eyes. Neither O'Neil nor Daniel can believe their own eyes as t creatures unmask before them. Daniel nervously looks up towards Ra. After a long beat Ra gives a nod to the child 222 80. Two young BOYS walk up from behind Ra carrying a tray. O'Neil's DEVICE, stolen from the wheeled vehicle, lays dismantled on the tray. The children place it in front of Daniel and O'Neil. Daniel stares at it confused. O'Neil only stares at Ra defiantly. Daniel notices the English words and numbers printed around the device. He turns to O'Neil, bewildered
111) 3) dialog: With his mask in place, Anubis steps through the hanging fabric, Daniel close to his side. O'Neil looks up, comple shocked to discover Daniel still alive. He and the soldie exchange questioning glances. Daniel avoids eye contact with the soldiers as Anubis lea him next to the empty throne. Sari SEES Daniel. Her expression brightens. She pushes through the crowd to get nearer to the platform. Leaving Daniel's side, Anubis steps to the center of the platform, raising his arms. The entire crowd BOWS DOWN. W see a very bruised Kasuf, helped by the town Elders to hi knees in prayer. Anubis looks over to Daniel who reluctantly bows down bef the throne. The entire assembly bows and a dozen CHILDREN rush out from behind the fabric, grabbing on to poles, connected to the bottom of the material. The Children pee off to the sides, LIFTING the fabric. As it PARTS we SEE the striking image of RA, SUN GOD as h slowly steps out into the light. Again, we see him with h illusion/mask in place gold skin, elaborate headdress, et Ra takes his place on the throne. Once seated, the crowd stands, silently. Anubis stands and offers his weapon to the Pharaoh. Ra accepts it. He turns and offers it to Daniel. Anubis puts his hand roughly on Daniel's shoulder. Daniel knowing what is expected of him, is torn. Slowly he stand and accepts the weapon from Ra. Weapon in hand, Daniel tu towards the ramp. 244 245 246 247 248 249 250 251 87.
111) 10) dialog: Signals to the Gliders.
117) 0) text: Seething with anger, Ra quickly marches into the room onl to find Anubis with the two Horus pilots who kneel, await his arrival. Ra stops, calms himself and sits on his thro before them.
144) 0) text: The last of the guards steps out from behind one of the pillars when BLAM, he gets blasted by O'Neil. O'Neil rush over to one of the fallen Shepherd boys. Too late, he's gone. Frustrated O'Neil moves to the closed front door, searching for something that could open it. Nothing. Suddenly, behind him, the door to the ground gallery begi to LIFT OPEN. O'Neil dashes for the cover of a pillar as Anubis slowly makes his way into the room. 314 315 109.
148) 0) text: Anubis stands over two of his fallen comrades. He lifts h weapon, scanning the area. Suddenly he SEES O'Neil, layin on the ground. Anubis kicks the body, nothing. Just as Anubis is about to move on, TRIP, O'Neil GRABS his leg. Anubis hits the floor, HARD. O'Neil LEAPS on top of him, hitting the button on Anubis' collar. The protective mask VANISHES. And PUNCH, O'Neil slams his fist into Anubis' face, knock him unconscious. O'Neil quickly gets up and takes off run for the StarGate.
155) 0) text: Just as O'Neil kneels down next to the dismantled bomb, A appears at the doorway. Anubis COCKS the weapon open. Just as he FIRES, O'Neil LI the silver platter, using it as a SHIELD. It DEFLECTS the power burst, bending it in half. O'Neil FLINGS the tray at Anubis and CHARGES, SLAMMING hi against the wall, his weapon dropping. Locked in mortal combat, the two warriors struggle.
158) 0) text: O'Neil and Anubis are locked in mortal combat. Anubis wit the upper hand gets on top of O'Neil, pummeling him with savage blows to the head. O'Neil, pinned. 331 332 333 334 335 114.
160) 0) text: Anubis swings, O'Neil catching his hand. Suddenly he MONK FLIPS Anubis OVER his head, sending him sprawling. Anubis rolls to a stop at the edge of the Medallion, his HEAD la ONTO THE MEDALLION'S SURFACE. O'Neil LEAPS on top of him, pinning him down. Anubis grab for his weapon. O'Neil SLAMS Anubis' arm back to the floo As Anubis' wrist device hits the floor, the medallion sud ACTIVATES, the laser beginning to form the cylinder. O'Neil is shocked. Realizing, he holds Anubis down.
162) 0) text: O'Neil's eyes go wide as he SEES... The cylinder SEALS UP SEVERING ANUBIS' HEAD. O'Neil jumps back away from the headless body.
163) 0) text: Daniel looks up at the shocked Ra as he, Sari and RA'S HA are BEAMED downward. Just as they disappear, the HEAD OF ANUBIS, arrives in their place. Ra can't believe his eyes 336 337 338 339 340 341 342 115. Clutching his severed wrist, Ra SCREAMS OUT in terrible p and frustration. He turns towards the children, yelling a them to come. Frightened, they back away from him. Furious, Ra STORMS past them, clutching at his wrist.