51) 0) text: Slowly the squad makes its way through the dark hallway a across this small room. Brown checks his readout on the move. O'Neil and his team move quickly through, followed by Dan who stops, noticing something. He reaches forward and gra Freeman, turning his light down to the floor.
51) 3) dialog: Spinning and turning as he marches upwards into the Galle O'Neil and his team follow, guns ready, camera recording.
52) 0) text: A much larger hallway filled with huge pillars. Feretti peels off to one side, the other soldier taking position across from him. Brown steps into the room, taking readin
52) 2) dialog: (off his readout) Conditions are similar to inside. Radiation, electromagnetic and other exposures, normal. The rest of the team moves onward.
53) 0) text: Cautiously the team makes its way through this huge room, rotating positions, moving pillar at a time. Again, Brown and Feretti are the first to reach the doorway leading outside. Checking his readings, Brown turns back and gives the oka sign. The team follow.
55) 0) text: A shirtless Feretti ties down the cover tent; a larger te shading several smaller tents beneath. Sweating under the intense heat, Brown and Freeman unpack some equipment. 113 114 44.
55) 2) dialog: Who will? They sealed the silo! Don't you get it? There's no one there.
57) 62) dialog: Colonel, he's right. I took some readings on what they're mining. It's the same material as the Star Gate. Looking at the faces of the mud covered workers, O'Neil finally makes a decision.
62) 22) dialog: Colonel, I don't like the looks of this... Before Brown can finish his thought, we SEE the two huge entrance doors at the end of the street begin TO CLOSE.
62) 28) dialog: Sir, I can't make this out.
80) 0) text: Brown and Kawalsky sit next to the radio. Brown readjusts the dials. Kawalsky stares at O'Neil who stands at the wi on the other side of the room.
80) 4) dialog: Maybe he knows something we don't.
87) 0) text: O'Neil stands over Brown who works the radio.
87) 1) dialog: Nothing.
87) 3) dialog: No. They're simply not there.
90) 0) text: Silhouetted against the rising sun we see the lonely imag of the team walking across the dunes. Indefatigable, O'Ne presses on. Kawalsky wipes his brow as Brown takes a swig from his canteen. Daniel catches up with them and reaches out for a drink b Brown pulls it away. Kawalsky turns, spotting something.
94) 0) text: Column by column, O'Neil makes his way down the large ent hall. Clumsily Daniel hauls the rifle behind. As they ent they SEE Feretti's radio, the helmet, assorted equipment. Daniel swallows hard. Behind them, Kawalsky and Brown creep down the opposite r of columns, weapons ready. Just as they pass we see a SHA move across the wall behind them.
95) 3) dialog: Brown steps out from behind a column when WHACK, somethin hits him across the head, SPINNING HIM. As he recovers BL a strange POWER BURST to his shoulder, SLAMMING HIM again the post.