4) 0) text: The car SCREECHES to a halt. The passenger door opens and Professor Langford JUMPS out. Catherine follows. As they make their way down the ravine we slowly reveal t breadth of this work site. Hundreds of Arab men digging away in the sand.
4) 11) dialog: Staring, fascinated. Suddenly the lenses of her glasses CRACK.
8) 0) text: The Elderly Woman enters from the back of the room, her e fixed on Daniel. Absently she fingers the GOLDEN SUN DISK hanging from around her neck. This is CATHERINE LANGFORD, no longer the child we met in Egypt.
8) 12) dialog: Mr. Jackson, who do you think built the pyramids? There is an awkward silence as Daniel searches for an ans
10) 0) text: Dripping wet, Daniel steps into the hallway. He stops as HEARS opera music playing through an open door at the end the hallway. Slowly he makes his way to the open door only to find, Catherine Langford, sitting inside, relaxed and smoking a cigarette. She holds in her hand a bust of a beautiful Egyptian woman.
10) 1) dialog: (re: bust) 14th century, B.C. Nice reproduction.
11) 4) dialog: Your parents?
11) 6) dialog: Oh, right. Your real parents died in a plane crash in...'73? She holds her cigarette out, requesting an ash tray.
11) 8) dialog: To offer you a job.
11) 10) dialog: Translation. I want to put you to work on some ancient Egyptian hieroglyphics.
11) 12) dialog: (surprised) Who said anything about the military? Daniel walks close to her, defiantly. 26 10.
11) 14) dialog: I wish I could tell you more but I am not allowed.
11) 16) dialog: You mean beyond the fact that you have no family, no friends, and no hope of paying that stack of bills sitting on your desk? Daniel sneaks a sidelong glance at his mountain of mail.
11) 18) dialog: To prove that your theories are right.
11) 21) dialog: Your travel plans. She turns and heads for the door. Daniel calls out to her
11) 23) dialog: Get over it. Daniel watches her walk away, then stares at the envelope
16) 0) text: The Chevy pulls up to a gate where two MARINES stand guar One walks up to Daniel's window. Daniel opens the envelop Catherine gave him and hands some papers to the Guard.
22) 2) dialog: Glad you decided to join us.
22) 4) dialog: Giza Plateau. 1928. (pointing out parts of tablets) There are two lines of hieroglyphs. The outer edge which has some familiar figures, as you can see. She points to a chalk board next to the hieroglyphics tha has a loose translation; YEAR 10 OF KING ?, SKY, RA, THE DISK, COFFIN, DOOR TO HEAVEN. 16.
22) 5) dialog: And then there is the inner track, here. These symbols, as you can see, are unlike any ever found. (after a beat) Like Champillion with the Rosetta Stone, we tried to compare the two readings against each other for any similarities. Daniel, still in awe, walks over to the translation, exam it.
22) 22) dialog: Excuse me, do I know...
22) 30) dialog: I'm not sure.
22) 38) dialog: I'll handle this. Catherine goes running after O'Neil. Meyers and Shore exi behind her leaving a confused Daniel alone with the Table
23) 0) text: Kawalsky leads O'Neil down the hallway. From the rear, Catherine rushes to catch up.
23) 1) dialog: Colonel, just a minute. (O'Neil stops) I think you owe me some kind of explanation. I was told I'd have complete autonomy.
23) 3) dialog: Why?
23) 5) dialog: Jackson was approved. 47 20.
23) 7) dialog: This has nothing to do with Jackson, does it? What's this all about? why did they bring you in? At first he doesn't want to answer. Finally he decides to tell her the truth.
31) 0) text: The Briefing room is packed; O'Neil, Catherine, Meyers, S and all the OFFICIALS we saw entering the compound. At th center of the conversation is General West. Daniel clearly wasn't expecting such an audience.
31) 1) dialog: Daniel, I'd like you to meet General West.
31) 5) dialog: An "address"? You mean coordinates?
31) 15) dialog: (sly smile) He did it. 60 61 25.
31) 20) dialog: You'll have to show him. He's the only one who can identify it.
31) 26) dialog: Your "Star Gate."
32) 0) text: Controlled chaos. This room looks much like "mission control." Catherine escorts Daniel into the control booth He stares at the ring in total awe.
32) 1) dialog: While we didn't realize the symbols were star constellations, it was obvious to us that they match symbols written on the star gate. Problem was, we never knew about the seventh symbol. Through the observation window above, O'Neil and General West watch as a video camera moves across a TRACK closing on the details of the Star Gate. General West turns to O'Neil.
32) 4) dialog: Catherine leads Daniel next to a MONITOR that shows a det of the symbols written on the rim of the star gate. Danie stares at the screen, watching the symbols pass as the ri slowly rotates.
32) 8) dialog: Let's try it. 65 27. Catherine picks up a phone. Above we SEE General West pic up a phone from behind the observation glass. He nods. Catherine hangs up.
32) 9) dialog: (announcing) Let's run a test. Over a Mic, Shore gives instructions to two TECNICIANS wh program the ring to TURN, front part and back in differen directions, aligning the sides. Each section stopping at particular sign, matching the cartouche. Several ARMED GUARDS suddenly surround the star gate, protecting it, from what, we don't know. A Technician ope the top of the probe and places a caged RAT inside. As each symbol aligns on the StarGate, a LASER ignites in the center of the ring. Each additional laser builds the intensity of the light. Daniel is amazed. He adjusts his glasses to get a better look when they suddenly CRACK.
32) 10) dialog: I should have warned you about that.
32) 17) dialog: Blue dot. The flashing BLUE DOT is all the way on the OTHER SIDE of the screen, lower right corner.
32) 18) dialog: That's right, Daniel. The other side of the known Universe. A PROBE is brought over to a ramp that leads into the cen of the RING.
32) 22) dialog: We're waiting for it to come back.
32) 24) dialog: Never has before. 32... 31... 30...
32) 26) dialog: It's made out of a quartz unlike any found on Earth. Some kind of natural molecular disrupter. The device is made out of it. It breaks down atoms and sends them through another dimension. 22... 21... 20...
32) 28) dialog: My father found it when I was a child. But the Egyptian government didn't release it until '71. Then we had to get it from the British. And from there it took another ten years to get financing.
32) 32) dialog: That's what this was all about. Suddenly the phone rings. Catherine picks it up and tries to listen through all the cheering going on around her.
32) 33) dialog: (yelling to room) Quiet! Everyone! The room settles down. As Catherine's expression darkens, everyone in the room turns and looks at her, concerned. Slowly we PAN UP to the observation window. Unheard by us O'Neil finishes his conversation with Catherine. Slowly t wall LIFTS back up, COVERING the window. Slowly Catherine hangs up the phone and turns back to her cohorts.
32) 34) dialog: We're done. They're sending us all home. He said they're taking over from here.
32) 38) dialog: Yes they can. Sadly she turns away, trying to hide her disappointment. Everyone is shocked as the armed guards, led by Kawalsky take the probe out of the silo. Daniel can't believe it. He turns and looks at the crestfallen faces around him. With a strange resolve, Dan storms out. 31.
37) 1) dialog: I thought you didn't like to travel. Daniel turns to find Catherine standing in the doorway.
37) 3) dialog: I wanted to give you something. Catherine walks over to Daniel, taking something out of h pocket. 75 76 77 35.
37) 4) dialog: This was found the same day as the Star Gate. It always brought me luck. She opens her hand, exposing the SUN DISK necklace.
37) 6) dialog: Bring it back to me. Overcome with emotion, Catherine turns away and hurries o Daniel watches her leave.
38) 0) text: Through the busy traffic of people making their way out w SEE the silhouetted figure of Catherine walking away from us.