29) 0) text: The group of OFFICIALS move towards the tunnel entrance. they march we see that they surround GENERAL WEST, 50's. The group disappears inside.
31) 0) text: The Briefing room is packed; O'Neil, Catherine, Meyers, S and all the OFFICIALS we saw entering the compound. At th center of the conversation is General West. Daniel clearly wasn't expecting such an audience.
31) 2) dialog: I've come a long way to hear this. Let's see what you've got. Daniel turns to Catherine who nods for Daniel to go ahead Daniel unfurls O'Neil's star map. Daniel circles one of t constellations.
31) 10) dialog: You said you needed seven points?
31) 22) dialog: Show him. O'Neil walks over to the back wall. He pushes a large BUT Suddenly the whole WALL SLIDES AWAY revealing a huge bay window looking out at a much larger room below. Surprised, Daniel turns. As Daniel walks over to the wind we PUSH IN TO SEE...
31) 27) dialog: Take him downstairs. See if he can identify this "seventh symbol." 62 63 64 26. Catherine nods and leads Daniel and the others out of the room, down to the silo. O'Neil and the General stay behin
32) 2) dialog: Jack, it's good to have you back. (O'Neil nods) How's your wife?
32) 19) dialog: (filtered through microphone) Release the Probe. The crew finishes their last preparations and rushes away leaving the PROBE sitting on the ramp.
33) 0) text: The door bursts open as Kawalsky and two of the armed gua march in carrying the recording disks from the probe. The pass O'Neil and General West.
33) 1) dialog: It's up to you now, Jack.
33) 19) dialog: He may be right. O'Neil and Daniel spin to see General West standing behin them.
34) 1) dialog: Freeze and enhance. The image FREEZES. Digitally the image is ENHANCED as we artificially ZOOM closer, detailing the ring of the Star Gate. Fascinated, Daniel moves closer.
34) 3) dialog: That's why I wanted you to see this.
34) 5) dialog: But I won't send our boys over there if I'm not absolutely sure I can bring 'em back.
34) 8) dialog: Once our team goes through, this place will be evacuated and sealed. We don't know what might come through from the other side.
34) 10) dialog: Question is, can you do it? Daniel takes a beat, turns to O'Neil and Kawalsky who sta near the back of the room. 72 73 74 34.
34) 12) dialog: Are you sure?
34) 14) dialog: Fine. You're on the team. Dismissed, Kawalsky escorts Daniel out of the room. Once they're both gone, O'Neil turns back to General West.
34) 16) dialog: Then it's your job to make sure he doesn't.
41) 4) dialog: Begin final evacuation.
43) 0) text: General West presses a button and the wall covering SEALS over the window. The General turns and exits.
44) 0) text: General West, joined by his men, marches down through the elaborate hallways. Doors SHUTTING and SEALING behind the as they march.
46) 0) text: The last to leave, General West and his men exit the tunn entrance and two HUGE CONCRETE DOORS begin to MOVE, closi
48) 0) text: Through the closing doors we SEE General West looking bac just as the two gigantic doors SEAL CLOSED, blackout.