95) 7) dialog: Body of a man, the head, a metallic textured sculpture of HAWK. He SWINGS his weapon at Kawalsky who grabs hold wit all his strength. Kawalsky grapples with Horus who TWISTS his weapon free, then SMASHES it into Kawalsky's chest. Holding his rifle tentatively, Daniel steps out from behi a column just in time to SEE... Kawalsky SAILS across the hallway, SLAMMING into a column, collapsing in a heap. Ju then Daniel SEES Horus crossing the hallway, moving in on Kawalsky. Daniel is in total shock, his eyes wide with fear. Standi out there, he's a sitting duck. Suddenly a HAND reaches f him and GRABS HIM, yanking him back to safety.
99) 0) text: As the door opens we find HORUS waiting. He and Anubis le Daniel and O'Neil into the room. Suddenly a loud SOUND is heard and the wall before them slowly begins to PART. 218 219 220 221 79.
101) 0) text: They march down the center of this beautiful palace room. Light begins to STREAM IN from the openings above. They reach the far wall of the room and Horus THROWS Daniel to the floor. O'Neil SPINS, ready to fight.
111) 0) text: O'Neil and the other prisoners are PUSHED out onto the platform, led by HORUS down to the center of the ramp. Using his weapon as a staff, Horus KNOCKS the soldiers do to their knees. He leaves them there as he marches back u to the top of the ramp, joined by another Horus (#2).
115) 0) text: The two Horus pilots march down the hall. As they pass a hanging tapestry, we SEE their silhouetted bird images MO down to their normal selves. As they pass the tapestry, w recognize one as the North African guard (Horus #1) and H #2.
117) 0) text: Seething with anger, Ra quickly marches into the room onl to find Anubis with the two Horus pilots who kneel, await his arrival. Ra stops, calms himself and sits on his thro before them.
117) 1) dialog: (subtitled) They are dead. Ra slowly leans forward. The children arrive and gather round Ra's throne.
117) 3) dialog: (subtitled) We lost them in the sand storm. Surely they will be killed. Ra boils, holding in his anger. He stands and walks over a box of jewelry. Hiding it from the others, Ra takes out GOLDEN RING AND DISK; the ring fitting over his finger, t attached disk hid in the palm of his hand. Turning back Ra moves slowly towards Horus #2, motioning with his other hand for Horus #2 to stand. He does, sensi something is not right. Slowly Horus #1 backs away. The children exchange nervous glances. Horus #2 starts to get nervous, looking around the room. looks back to Ra who only smiles, reassuringly; everythin alright. Horus #2 seems to calm down. Ra lifts his hand as though to gently embrace his face wh suddenly he OPENS his palm exposing the DISK. Horus #2's eyes go wide with fear but before he can react.. The disk ACTIVATES. Horus #2 suddenly begins to SHAKE VIOLENTLY, h features begin to DISTORT. He SCREAMS OUT IN PAIN. Ra watches this torture emotionlessly, waiting for his victi to expire. He does. As he drops to the floor, Ra turns to the group of childr who stare back at him frightened. Ra motions for the OLDE BOY to step forward. Ra reaches down and removes a HEAD CLAMP from the dead bo of Horus #2, placing it over the head of the Oldest Boy. 269 270 271 92. Quickly the HAWK-LIKE head APPEARS over the Oldest Boy as now takes his turn at guard.
126) 13) dialog: Stone cold dead, a trickle of blood runs out his mouth. T workers stare at him, completely shocked. Kasuf turns just in time to watch the caravan disappear o the dunes.
128) 0) text: Ra turns back from the window and signals two Horus who m over to a large silver platter. On the platter we SEE som of the soldier's weapons, books, equipment and especially the disassembled NUCLEAR DEVICE. They lift the platter and Ra watches them leave the room.
129) 0) text: The two Horus march over to the medallion carrying the si platter, the circular door sliding shut behind them. 290 291 292 293 294 295 296 297 298 299 300 104.
131) 0) text: We HEAR the medallion ignite, its lights flooding the roo The sound disappears as the two Horus guards march over t the StarGate, placing the platter down in front of it. They turn and march towards the pyramid entrance.
132) 0) text: The first cart arrives at the base of the ramp and Skaara unties Daniel's Mastadge, pulling it aside. Skaara waves the cart ahead. The cart is PULLED up the st by its SIX workers. As the cart slowly crawls up the ramp, the two Horus guar appear at the entrance door, waiting. Separated from Daniel, the Mastadge below MOANS, tugging its restraints trying to follow the cart. Skaara struggle to calm the animal. Frightened of being given away, none of the workers react the Mastadge. Heads bowed, they continue to PUSH the cart A second cart follows the first up the stairs.
132) 2) dialog: Horus #3 glances down at Skaara, suspicious. The first ca reaches the top of the stairs. Suddenly Horus BARKS out a command, stopping the cart. Skaara looks up worriedly. The Mastadge MOANING. Horus walks slowly around the first cart, all the workers keeping their heads bowed. Finally, he waves it through.
134) 0) text: As the huge entrance door SLAMS SHUT the two Horus guards surround the cart. A third Horus (#4) enters from behind. Horus #3 BARKS out a command but no one moves. Horus #2 walks over to the workers. Is it Daniel? He PULLS down th first hood revealing a frightened SHEPHERD BOY. Horus #2 THROWS him to the floor as he moves closer to th next worker. Horus #3, weapon trained, eyes the lot with suspicion as partner nears the next in line. He reaches up and PULLS DOWN her hood, revealing SARI, her long hair falling to h shoulders. Horus #2 is taken off guard by finding a woman. He lifts his weapon. BURSTING OUT OF THE QUARTZ PILE, Daniel and O'Neil LIFT O their WEAPONS and FIRE. At the same moment, the rest of t Shepherd boys GRAB WEAPONS and FIRE. The bullets KNOCK Horus #2 BACKWARDS, but it's Daniel's P BURST from the alien weapon that BLOWS Horus #2 to PIECES The other two FIRE BACK, taking cover behind pillars. One of the Shepherd boys is hit, goes DOWN. Daniel grabs Sari, pulling her behind the cover of the ca The Shepherd boys kneel behind cover, FIRING.