57) 30) dialog: Daniel is DRAGGED, screaming as he's pulled. Twisting and bumping. His mouth filling with sand. ANGLE - O'NEIL, KAWALSKY, AND BROWN. Huffing and puffing as they climb the top of the next dun Getting Daniel back in sight, they SEE how fast the Masta is.
57) 32) dialog: Off into the distance, Daniel gets dragged over a sand du out of sight.
57) 34) dialog: Daniel spits out a mouthful of sand as the Mastadge leans over and begins to LICK HIS FACE.
82) 0) text: With the Mastadges in the background, all the shepherd BO are surrounding Skaara who holds O'Neil's lighter for eve to see, the wind from the storm continuing to HOWL outsid Suddenly Skaara LIGHTS the lighter. The boys JUMP BACK in fear. Skaara laughs as the boys re-approach to examine the ligh Suddenly there is a BANGING SOUND. Skaara turns and sees Daniel's Mastadge, banging his head against the corral do 176 177 178 179 180 181 67.
82) 1) dialog: As Skaara walks over and calms the Mastadge down he SEES what the Mastadge was reacting to...
102) 0) text: Slowly Daniel's Mastadge appears behind a dune and HOWLS, single beautiful note of pain.
103) 0) text: Buried in the sand, an exposed tent flap is PULLED aside the Shepherd boys SEE Daniel's Mastadge appearing behind them. They turn back, digging for more treasure. Skaara uncover one of the soldier's HELMETS. He shows it to the other bo Just then a LOUD HUM is heard. The Boys look up to SEE...
105) 0) text: The Shepherd boys return from the pyramid, the Mastadge w them, packages strapped to its sides. Suddenly a SOUND is heard. The boys STOP as they SEE...
113) 0) text: Holding on for dear life, O'Neil tightly grips the harnes He looks back and sees the Gliders, speeding towards them O'Neil slaps at the side of the Mastadge.
118) 0) text: O'Neil and Daniel are fighting their way through the thic whirling sands, holding onto the side of the Mastadge who pushes onward through the storm. They try to shield themselves at the side of the Mastadge but it does little to help. Movement becomes more and mor difficult. Daniel suddenly drops to his knees. The Mastadge turns back and sees Daniel getting buried in the sand and ROARS OUT. O'Neil lifts his arm holding it over his eyes. He, too, drops down, losing consciousness. The harsh winds quickly begin to bury the men in sand. Unaffected by the storm, the Mastadge watches them, unabl to help. Suddenly through the blurry sands we SEE several SHAPES apparently coming UP FROM THE SAND. The figures GRAB onto O'Neil, shaking him. Snapping out of it O'Neil squints up to SEE...
124) 0) text: Several decorated Mastadges are lined up at the rim of th mining pit. A single winged Glider hovering above.
126) 0) text: A caravan of four Mastadges have been assembled at the to of the dune next to a nearby mining pit. An obelisk marks the spot.
132) 0) text: The first cart arrives at the base of the ramp and Skaara unties Daniel's Mastadge, pulling it aside. Skaara waves the cart ahead. The cart is PULLED up the st by its SIX workers. As the cart slowly crawls up the ramp, the two Horus guar appear at the entrance door, waiting. Separated from Daniel, the Mastadge below MOANS, tugging its restraints trying to follow the cart. Skaara struggle to calm the animal. Frightened of being given away, none of the workers react the Mastadge. Heads bowed, they continue to PUSH the cart A second cart follows the first up the stairs.
172) 9) dialog: Pushing through the crowd, the Mastadge ROARS OUT to Dani Daniel laughs, turns to Sari and HUGS HER TIGHT.
174) 0) text: The last of the three suns SETS as Daniel and Sari lead a caravan away from the pyramid over the dune. The Mastadge HOWLS out his beautiful CRY.