1) 0) text: The young Boy sleeps. Above him hangs an odd carving that slowly begins to RATTLE. The tent's fabric begins to FLAP The Boy's eyes pop open. He HEARS the sounds of a quickly brewing storm. Footsteps. People hurrying, calling out to each other. Suddenly the tent's entrance flap SAILS OPEN. BRIGHT LIGHT pours in through the entrance.
2) 0) text: The Boy exits his tent, staring at the light, intrigued. storm building all around. Unnatural and eerie. Panicked, the tribesmen run in fear, racing away from the light. The Medicine man, on his knees CHANTING. 10 11 The only one without fear, the Boy pushes through them, towards the light. Tents begin to RIP from their posts in the strong GALE WINDS. As the frightened clan retreats, the young Boy moves clos and closer to the light, squinting through the blurring s A loud ROARING SOUND, building in ferocity. Slowly we PUSH into an extreme CLOSE UP of the young Boy' eyes which widen. If we could only see what he sees...
3) 0) text: PROFESSOR LANGFORD and his nine year old daughter CATHERI who reads from a thick text book, are RATTLING in the bac seat.
4) 0) text: The car SCREECHES to a halt. The passenger door opens and Professor Langford JUMPS out. Catherine follows. As they make their way down the ravine we slowly reveal t breadth of this work site. Hundreds of Arab men digging away in the sand.
5) 0) text: A cold rainy winter day. Traffic gridlock. Horns honking, cabbies yelling. A grey LIMOUSINE is stuck in traffic. Super up: NEW YORK, PRESENT DAY Through the rain-soaked passenger window we see an ELDERLY WOMAN impatiently chec her watch. Unheard by us, she speaks to her DRIVER who ex and opens the passenger door for her. Taking an umbrella from her driver, the Elderly Woman ste out and makes her way down the center of the street. 17 18 19 4. We FOLLOW her through the dense traffic and up into a bui marked: ARCHAEOLOGICAL SOCIETY OF AMERICA
6) 0) text: Testing the microphone, the M.C. adjusts the feedback as leans close to address a gathering of distinguished Archaeologists. M.C. Our next guest speaker today will be an extraordinary young man...
8) 3) text: of Khufu's name written within the Pyramid.
9) 0) text: Alone in a crowd, Daniel struggles with his books in the rain as he exits the busy subway exit. Absently he steps out into the street. HONK. A cab slams on the brakes, nea hitting him.
10) 0) text: Dripping wet, Daniel steps into the hallway. He stops as HEARS opera music playing through an open door at the end the hallway. Slowly he makes his way to the open door only to find, Catherine Langford, sitting inside, relaxed and smoking a cigarette. She holds in her hand a bust of a beautiful Egyptian woman.
11) 0) text: Taken off guard, Daniel walks into his apartment. His roo is a mess, multiple stacks of BOOKS line every wall, hieroglyphic tracings and reproductions of Egyptian art.
12) 0) text: A dark sedan with a GOVERNMENT SEAL comes to a stop in fr of a lower middle-class suburban house. Two OFFICERS in military garb step out of the car and march to the front door of the house. Super up: Yuma, Arizona As they walk, we SEE a black military FOLDER one of them carries. The first Officer knocks on the door. The door opens to reveal, SARAH, mid-thirties, tense. The pain she carries tarnishes her once beautiful face.
13) 0) text: Immaculately kept, ordered. Sarah moves into the kitchen the two officers awkwardly make their way into the living room.
17) 0) text: A group of MARINES are in the midsts of vigorous training Led by LIEUTENANT KAWALSKY, early thirties, big, friendly and eager. With a loud BACKFIRE, we SEE the Chevy making its way pas Lt. Kawalsky signals for another soldier to take over, th heads after Daniel. As he walks away, the others stop and watch.
18) 0) text: Tunneled into the side of a mountain, a large hollowed entrance. Daniel has parked next to it and is struggling pull an enormous bag out of his trunk.
20) 0) text: Suddenly with a loud hydraulic ROAR, the cage quickly DES DOWNWARD. We WATCH as the cage DROPS down, deeper and dee
24) 0) text: To the strains of seventeenth century opera music pouring out of a ghetto blaster, we PAN across the darkened lab. Daniel's belongings are spread throughout the room, inclu his Egyptian bust. Open books scattered all over the floo The room is a mess. AS we see the Tablets, we TRACK UP the scaffolding surrou it until we find Daniel, laying by the top of the Tablets Daniel, looking harried and tired, is deep in thought.
27) 0) text: Like his home, O'Neil's office is immaculately kept. Dani creeps inside, scanning the room. He SEES a file cabinet and rushes over to it. But as he opens its drawers he finds they are all empty. Daniel opens the closet door and finds a large SAFE, very high security. He looks down at the tiny nail clippers st in his hand. No way. Casually Daniel goes through the desk drawers, but again, empty. Finally in the last drawer he finds a photo of O'Neil's wife and son. Suddenly the GLOW of a computer sc catches his eye. Daniel picks up the keyboard and starts typing.
29) 0) text: The group of OFFICIALS move towards the tunnel entrance. they march we see that they surround GENERAL WEST, 50's. The group disappears inside.
31) 0) text: The Briefing room is packed; O'Neil, Catherine, Meyers, S and all the OFFICIALS we saw entering the compound. At th center of the conversation is General West. Daniel clearly wasn't expecting such an audience.
33) 0) text: The door bursts open as Kawalsky and two of the armed gua march in carrying the recording disks from the probe. The pass O'Neil and General West.
35) 0) text: A trunk is CLOSED, sealed. Boxes, equipment and personnel are being shipped out. Among the busy foot traffic we see Meyers and Shore sadly walking out carrying their suitcas
38) 0) text: Through the busy traffic of people making their way out w SEE the silhouetted figure of Catherine walking away from us.
41) 0) text: The squad walks over to the ramp. Four SOLDIERS move over to the wheeled vehicle, escorting it on either side as it slowly moves up the ramp. With three of the symbols already LOCKED IN, the Star Gat continues to ROTATE. The squad follows the vehicle up the ramp. Daniel looks u at the spinning Star Gate and swallows hard.
42) 0) text: As the last of the technicians leave, the ENTRANCE DOORS the Star Gate room and control booth slowly SHUT and LOCK
43) 0) text: General West presses a button and the wall covering SEALS over the window. The General turns and exits.
44) 0) text: General West, joined by his men, marches down through the elaborate hallways. Doors SHUTTING and SEALING behind the as they march.
45) 0) text: The vehicle hits the top of the ramp and enters INTO THE RING. Daniel stares in wonder at the sight. The entire vehicle and the men alongside EVAPORATE into the ring's center.
46) 0) text: The last to leave, General West and his men exit the tunn entrance and two HUGE CONCRETE DOORS begin to MOVE, closi
48) 0) text: Through the closing doors we SEE General West looking bac just as the two gigantic doors SEAL CLOSED, blackout.
51) 0) text: Slowly the squad makes its way through the dark hallway a across this small room. Brown checks his readout on the move. O'Neil and his team move quickly through, followed by Dan who stops, noticing something. He reaches forward and gra Freeman, turning his light down to the floor.
55) 0) text: A shirtless Feretti ties down the cover tent; a larger te shading several smaller tents beneath. Sweating under the intense heat, Brown and Freeman unpack some equipment. 113 114 44.
56) 0) text: At the base of the ramp, Daniel struggles carrying a heav box. Another Soldier BUMPS into him as he passes, easily carrying his own load.
57) 0) text: Kawalsky walks over to the wheeled vehicle to pick up the last two crates from its cargo area.
60) 0) text: The long caravan makes its way down into this valley. The town's people rush over to get a look at the strange gues of Kasuf.
61) 0) text: Passing through the enormous gates to the village, Daniel and the team are amazed at what they see. Hundreds of peo cram into these narrow streets to get a look at the visit As they reach the end of the street, they reach an elevat PLATFORM. Kasuf gives a signal and a curtain falls, revealing... 137 138 139 140 141 142 143 144 55.
62) 0) text: A group of women carrying trays of food pass. As we TRACK with them we SEE the entire town has come out for a CELEBRATION. We FOLLOW the women through the crowds over the platform where Daniel and the team sit with the town Elders. As the food arrives we SEE Sari, among the women, serving the people on the platform.
63) 0) text: A huge SAND STORM blasts around the men who try to pack w they can as they retreat from base camp. Feretti holds th radio, yelling into it on the move. The tents tear apart behind them.
64) 0) text: O'Neil presses the radio close to his ear. Only every thi word is heard through the intense static.
65) 0) text: Through a wall of white sand, shapes appear, rushing towa us. As we DOLLY BACK, we SEE that the team has reached th safety of the pyramid entrance. They collapse from exhaustion.
66) 0) text: Frustrated, O'Neil gives up, shuts the radio off.
67) 0) text: The sand storm has hit full force. We can barely make out the entrance to the pyramid through the murky sky.
68) 0) text: Feretti shields his eyes as he stands in the doorway look out at the storm. The image of the moon scarcely pierces through the whirling sand. Feretti turns and walks back into the main entrance hall.
69) 0) text: Feretti walks over to the group of soldiers who surround radio.
72) 0) text: The ARMS of the craft LOCK into place as the craft FITS i onto the peak of the pyramid.
74) 0) text: Once in place, the craft begins to OPEN, UNFOLDING and exposing the technical details of the craft.
75) 0) text: With the Star Gate seen in the background, we can SEE a t LASER tracing the outline of the MEDALLION on the floor. Something is happening, igniting.
80) 0) text: Brown and Kawalsky sit next to the radio. Brown readjusts the dials. Kawalsky stares at O'Neil who stands at the wi on the other side of the room.
82) 0) text: With the Mastadges in the background, all the shepherd BO are surrounding Skaara who holds O'Neil's lighter for eve to see, the wind from the storm continuing to HOWL outsid Suddenly Skaara LIGHTS the lighter. The boys JUMP BACK in fear. Skaara laughs as the boys re-approach to examine the ligh Suddenly there is a BANGING SOUND. Skaara turns and sees Daniel's Mastadge, banging his head against the corral do 176 177 178 179 180 181 67.
84) 0) text: They crawl beneath the structure through the dirt reachin hidden set of STAIRS leading downward. Sari points down t stairs. Daniel takes the torch and walks down, Sari following. Eroded and musty walls surround the stairs. Daniel makes to the bottom of the stairs that lead directly to a dirt covered WALL. The SYMBOL for Earth engraved in its center Astonished, Daniel runs his fingers around the surroundin wall. His finger PUSHES THROUGH some dirt, until he's abl to dig out the archway surrounding the symbol; he uncover DOOR. Realizing it's a door, Daniel is able to dig into the doo giving him something to grip. He PULLS with all his might Slowly the door OPENS. Sari's eyes go wide. Daniel is nervous but excited. Cautiously they make their way through the doorway.
87) 0) text: O'Neil stands over Brown who works the radio.
89) 0) text: Sand pours through as the front gates to Nagada open. O'N leads our team as they march out through the gates. At th back of the pack, Daniel trails behind, looking back over his shoulder. We CRANE UP to the bridge above the gate just as Sari com rushing over. She stops at the top of the gate, staring a the men as they depart.
91) 0) text: Several yards ahead of the team, O'Neil continues, undaun Together they climb a STEEP DUNE. As they near the top th SEE O'Neil suddenly DROP to his knees. Reacting, the soldiers rush up the hill. Daniel, not understanding, hurries to catch them. Turning back, Kawal waves for him to drop. Daniel does, crawling to meet them
92) 0) text: O'Neil has taken a position behind the obelisks. He sees the team making their way down. He waves them on towards the entrance.
93) 0) text: O'Neil takes cover next to the entrance door meeting up w the rest of the squad.
94) 0) text: Column by column, O'Neil makes his way down the large ent hall. Clumsily Daniel hauls the rifle behind. As they ent they SEE Feretti's radio, the helmet, assorted equipment. Daniel swallows hard. Behind them, Kawalsky and Brown creep down the opposite r of columns, weapons ready. Just as they pass we see a SHA move across the wall behind them.
97) 0) text: The darkness is broken with another FLARE as it rolls tow us. O'Neil rushes through the Medallion room straight ove to the wheeled vehicle standing next to the StarGate. Dan races in, moving over towards O'Neil.
98) 0) text: Like the medallion below, a laser traces the floor, illuminating this dark room. Once surrounding the medalli SHAPES begin to form. Soon we SEE it's O'Neil, Daniel and Anubis. The beam VANISHES and a circular door SLIDES open.
100) 0) text: Slowly the top of the pyramid begins to OPEN UP, the plan three suns behind it. The paneling slides back revealing the palace beneath.
101) 7) dialog: Suddenly Ra's entire shape begins to MORPH, his image shi and changing. His golden skin PEELS AWAY as his headdress RETRACTS behind his head, revealing a BEAUTIFUL YOUNG MAN/CHILD, RA. Though ten thousand years have passed, he looks but slightly older than when we saw him in the film opening. As Ra is unveiled, Horus and Anubis BOW their heads. Seei this from the corner of his eye, O'Neil seizes the opportunity. He POPS UP, throwing a shoulder into Anubis' chest, wresting his weapon from him. He SLAMS Anubis with the butt end, knocking him to the floor. In one swift move, he copies the gesture he saw Anubis ma and SNAPS the weapon OPEN and FIRES at Horus, catching hi in the shoulder, SPINNING HIM to the floor.
103) 0) text: Buried in the sand, an exposed tent flap is PULLED aside the Shepherd boys SEE Daniel's Mastadge appearing behind them. They turn back, digging for more treasure. Skaara uncover one of the soldier's HELMETS. He shows it to the other bo Just then a LOUD HUM is heard. The Boys look up to SEE...
104) 0) text: A square HOLE in the ceiling OPENS as the bars that cover recede. Unconscious, O'Neil body DROPS through, landing with a SPLASH into the shallow muddy water of this cell. The cold water reviving him, O'Neil BOLTS up awakened. Suddenly two arms GRAB HIM. Still in shock, O'Neil tries shake free. Finally he realises it's Kawalsky holding him
105) 0) text: The Shepherd boys return from the pyramid, the Mastadge w them, packages strapped to its sides. Suddenly a SOUND is heard. The boys STOP as they SEE...
107) 0) text: Silent and still, the sarcophagus sits at the back of the room. Slowly we MOVE closer to it just as its sides begin to retract, exposing a FIGURE covered in wet cloth laying motionless. As the sarcophagus completes this process the figure sudd SITS UP, frantically GASPING for air. Coughing, the figur rips off the wet cloth, revealing...
108) 0) text: Several yards ahead of him, the Boy leads Daniel down thi immense and imposing hallway. Daniel follows, disorientat his eyes scanning the room. He sees a CAT cross his path. Surprised, Daniel continues down and he sees ANOTHER cat, perched on a short flight of stairs. Still walking forwar Daniel turns back towards the Boy, only to find he's GONE Daniel looks ahead and sees another doorway. Assuming the Boy went through, Daniel cautiously follows.
109) 1) dialog: Ra sits in his ornate sunken bath. Daniel watches him for long beat. Sensing his presence, Ra ignores Daniel, signa to the children who come, carrying his long robe. Holding it before him, Ra walks out of the bath, into his robe, passing Daniel on his way out. Daniel turns to him and speaks.
110) 0) text: Ra leads Daniel across the room past a long marble table. On which are the recovered belongings of the soldiers displayed; guns, books, radio and the dismantled bomb. Ra turns back to Daniel, studies his reaction for a long bea Finally...
110) 1) dialog: (subtitled) You people have advanced much since I left. Your world has become. ..dangerous. Realizing the implication, Daniel gets nervous
110) 3) dialog: (subtitled) Tomorrow we will send the quartz to my masters. I will include all I have discovered. Off Daniel's frightened expression, Ra smiles as he walks away.
110) 4) dialog: (subtitled) It will be up to them to decide. Moving over to a sitting area, Ra is met by the children bring his clothing over to him and start to dress him. Da moves over towards him. 243 85.
110) 6) dialog: (subtitled) I need you. Daniel doesn't understand.
110) 7) dialog: (subtitled) You must restore...faith.
110) 9) dialog: (subtitled) There can only be one Ra. He hands the Sun Disk back to Daniel.
110) 10) dialog: (subtitled) You will obey me before my people. They will witness as you kill your companions. Dressed, Ra stands and walks away from Daniel. Taking it all in, Daniel thinks to himself for a beat. Finally...
111) 0) text: O'Neil and the other prisoners are PUSHED out onto the platform, led by HORUS down to the center of the ramp. Using his weapon as a staff, Horus KNOCKS the soldiers do to their knees. He leaves them there as he marches back u to the top of the ramp, joined by another Horus (#2).
112) 0) text: In a mad tantrum, Ra storms through his palace, furious. RIPS the hanging fabrics as he marches into his private chamber . 258 259 260 261 262 89.
114) 0) text: The two winged Gliders sail towards the Glider bay openin in the pyramid.
116) 0) text: Ra sits, seething with humiliation and anger. Anguished, sits privately when he's suddenly TUGGED by a YOUNG BOY ( years old) who tries to get his attention. Furious at the invasion, Ra SPINS and GLARES at the boy, eyes filled with rage. Terrified, the boy recoils. Ra sto himself just as he looks up and SEES..
117) 0) text: Seething with anger, Ra quickly marches into the room onl to find Anubis with the two Horus pilots who kneel, await his arrival. Ra stops, calms himself and sits on his thro before them.
117) 2) dialog: (subtitled) Bring their bodies to me.
118) 0) text: O'Neil and Daniel are fighting their way through the thic whirling sands, holding onto the side of the Mastadge who pushes onward through the storm. They try to shield themselves at the side of the Mastadge but it does little to help. Movement becomes more and mor difficult. Daniel suddenly drops to his knees. The Mastadge turns back and sees Daniel getting buried in the sand and ROARS OUT. O'Neil lifts his arm holding it over his eyes. He, too, drops down, losing consciousness. The harsh winds quickly begin to bury the men in sand. Unaffected by the storm, the Mastadge watches them, unabl to help. Suddenly through the blurry sands we SEE several SHAPES apparently coming UP FROM THE SAND. The figures GRAB onto O'Neil, shaking him. Snapping out of it O'Neil squints up to SEE...
119) 0) text: Through the mouth of a large cave we SEE several FIGURES coming towards us through the sand clouds churning outsid Helping them out of the storm we SEE Skaara and two boys bringing Daniel and O'Neil inside. Once within the protective walls, O'Neil looks up and SEE the rest of the Shepherd boys wearing the army fatigues, helmets and guns they retrieved from the base camp. Leani against the wall, the weapon Ra gave Daniel. At the back of the cave he SEES Feretti, getting some aid a wound. Kawalsky turns, sees O'Neil and rushes over to him.
120) 0) text: Staring off, O'Neil stands alone in the middle of this ca Across from him we can see the storm raging outside.
122) 0) text: Daniel enters. He sees several of the Shepherd boys surrounding Sari who prepares food for them. As Sari stok the flames below her cooking pot, Daniel walks up and ser some food to one of the waiting Shepherd boys. The boy stares at Daniel, shocked, then starts to giggle. Even Sari looks up, surprised.
124) 0) text: Several decorated Mastadges are lined up at the rim of th mining pit. A single winged Glider hovering above.
126) 0) text: A caravan of four Mastadges have been assembled at the to of the dune next to a nearby mining pit. An obelisk marks the spot.
127) 0) text: Looking out over the desert, Ra scans the horizon. Gently he strokes a black cat curled over his arm.
128) 0) text: Ra turns back from the window and signals two Horus who m over to a large silver platter. On the platter we SEE som of the soldier's weapons, books, equipment and especially the disassembled NUCLEAR DEVICE. They lift the platter and Ra watches them leave the room.
130) 0) text: The caravan makes its way over the last dune heading towa the entrance to the pyramid. The team walks with hoods covering their heads, identities hidden.
131) 0) text: We HEAR the medallion ignite, its lights flooding the roo The sound disappears as the two Horus guards march over t the StarGate, placing the platter down in front of it. They turn and march towards the pyramid entrance.
132) 0) text: The first cart arrives at the base of the ramp and Skaara unties Daniel's Mastadge, pulling it aside. Skaara waves the cart ahead. The cart is PULLED up the st by its SIX workers. As the cart slowly crawls up the ramp, the two Horus guar appear at the entrance door, waiting. Separated from Daniel, the Mastadge below MOANS, tugging its restraints trying to follow the cart. Skaara struggle to calm the animal. Frightened of being given away, none of the workers react the Mastadge. Heads bowed, they continue to PUSH the cart A second cart follows the first up the stairs.
132) 1) dialog: Towering above them, Ra stands out on his balcony, lookin down at the carts below.
132) 4) dialog: Once they enter below, Ra reaches over, touching a contro panel in the wall next to him. He PUSHES a small button.
133) 0) text: Suddenly a huge STONE door begins to SLIDE DOWN, SEALING the entrance. As the door SHUTS Skaara looks up, frighten Feretti turns to Kawalsky, panicked.
134) 0) text: As the huge entrance door SLAMS SHUT the two Horus guards surround the cart. A third Horus (#4) enters from behind. Horus #3 BARKS out a command but no one moves. Horus #2 walks over to the workers. Is it Daniel? He PULLS down th first hood revealing a frightened SHEPHERD BOY. Horus #2 THROWS him to the floor as he moves closer to th next worker. Horus #3, weapon trained, eyes the lot with suspicion as partner nears the next in line. He reaches up and PULLS DOWN her hood, revealing SARI, her long hair falling to h shoulders. Horus #2 is taken off guard by finding a woman. He lifts his weapon. BURSTING OUT OF THE QUARTZ PILE, Daniel and O'Neil LIFT O their WEAPONS and FIRE. At the same moment, the rest of t Shepherd boys GRAB WEAPONS and FIRE. The bullets KNOCK Horus #2 BACKWARDS, but it's Daniel's P BURST from the alien weapon that BLOWS Horus #2 to PIECES The other two FIRE BACK, taking cover behind pillars. One of the Shepherd boys is hit, goes DOWN. Daniel grabs Sari, pulling her behind the cover of the ca The Shepherd boys kneel behind cover, FIRING.
135) 2) dialog: Ra watches the panic below, an amused smile crosses his l
136) 0) text: The guards lay down tremendous FIRE POWER, blowing chunks out of the walls, RIPPING into the cart. Another of the Shepherd boys takes a shot, falling to the floor, injured O'Neil DASHES from his position moving behind another pil Separated, Daniel turns and SEES a path to the hallway is clear. Crawling low, one of the Guards makes his way around the side of the room. He peers out from his position and SEES
137) 0) text: Skaara leads three other boys around the side of the pyra over to the window. Skaara climbs up, looks inside.
138) 0) text: O'Neil steps out from behind a column and FIRES. He SEES Skaara looking in from the window. O'Neil waves Skaara aw
139) 0) text: About to crawl inside, Skaara looks up and SEES two GLIDE coming from around this side of the pyramid. Suddenly one of them FIRES. Skaara LEAPS out of the way.
140) 0) text: O'Neil looks back up just as an EXPLOSION rips up the win where Skaara had been. Thinking Skaara has been killed, O'Neil steps out FIRING MADLY.
141) 0) text: Skaara and the boys have to RACE for cover and the sand explodes around them, the Gliders overhead.
141) 2) dialog: Watching the mayhem below, Ra turns and nods to Anubis ac the room. Anubis bows and exits. Turning the opposite direction, Ra leaves. As he passes, the children quickly move over to the windo Confused and frightened, the children stare down at the a below. 311 312 313 108.
144) 0) text: The last of the guards steps out from behind one of the pillars when BLAM, he gets blasted by O'Neil. O'Neil rush over to one of the fallen Shepherd boys. Too late, he's gone. Frustrated O'Neil moves to the closed front door, searching for something that could open it. Nothing. Suddenly, behind him, the door to the ground gallery begi to LIFT OPEN. O'Neil dashes for the cover of a pillar as Anubis slowly makes his way into the room. 314 315 109.
145) 0) text: An EXPLOSION rips up the sand as the four Gliders STRAFE from above. The Shepherd boys rush for cover all over the front of the entrance, separated. Racing down the ramp another EXPLOSION HITS, ripping up t stairs killing one of the Shepherd boys. Skaara FIRES his rifle at the passing Gliders as he reaches the sand. At the side of the platform, Kawalsky and Feretti take co at the side of the closed door.
147) 0) text: Opening his jewelry box, Ra retrieves the ring and disk h used to dispose his guard. Slowly he places it over his finger, adjusting the disk in the palm of his hand.
148) 0) text: Anubis stands over two of his fallen comrades. He lifts h weapon, scanning the area. Suddenly he SEES O'Neil, layin on the ground. Anubis kicks the body, nothing. Just as Anubis is about to move on, TRIP, O'Neil GRABS his leg. Anubis hits the floor, HARD. O'Neil LEAPS on top of him, hitting the button on Anubis' collar. The protective mask VANISHES. And PUNCH, O'Neil slams his fist into Anubis' face, knock him unconscious. O'Neil quickly gets up and takes off run for the StarGate.
150) 0) text: Through the doorway, we SEE Daniel stepping backwards. In the foreground we SEE Ra step into view. Surprised to see Daniel, Ra watches Daniel for a moment, fascinated. 319 320 141.
151) 0) text: Daniel waits, helpless as Ra enters. Slowly Ra encircles him, studying him. Daniel tries to keep his distance as R moves around him. Suddenly Ra stops, a puzzled look on hi face.
151) 1) dialog: (subtitled) Why? Why would you come here now? Slowly Ra turns away from Daniel, looking over at his sarcophagus. When he looks back and sees the frightened look on Daniel's face, he realizes he's hit it. Slowly he moves towards the sarcophagus. Daniel RUNS towards him to stop him. He LUNGES at Ra, but SLAMS into the invisible shield, falling backwards. Ra st looks back to Daniel through the rippling waves of his sh superior and unstoppable. As Daniel tries to recover he SEES, Ra running his hand o the sarcophagus.
151) 3) dialog: (subtitled) How romantic. As Ra moves back towards Daniel we SEE Sari's eyes flutte open. Not yet fully healed, yet life restored.
151) 4) dialog: (subtitled) You will die together. Menacingly, Ra makes his way closer to Daniel. Slowly he LIFTS his hand, exposing the DISK in his palm. Gracefully he PUSHES through the shield, his hand moving towards Dan who stumbles backward as he retreats.
153) 0) text: Daniel is backing away as Ra keeps moving towards him, unrelenting. As Daniel retreats he looks down and SEES...
153) 3) dialog: (subtitled) Too late for that. Daniel peeks up from the floor just in time to SEE Ra wal across the thin fabric which hangs down from the walls. Ra's feet crush over the fine cloth as he steps over, cle the shield does not cover the ground. Seizing the moment, Daniel quickly GRABS at the fabric an RUNS towards the sarcophagus. As he MOVES the fabric WRAP around Ra's ankles. As Ra spins to follow, he trips up. H and his shield TUMBLE to the floor. Daniel leaps to his feet. He races to Sari's side, liftin her out of the sarcophagus and rushing out of the room. Through the rippling waves of his shield we SEE Ra, seeth with anger. Slowly he gets back to his feet.
154) 0) text: The numbers of the Shepherd boys are dwindling from the intense BOMBING from the remaining three Gliders. As anot Glider makes a PASS, again Kawalsky leads the boys to FIR Suddenly, Skaara runs out of ammunition. Quickly, weapons begin to CLICK, empty all around him. Slowly Kawalsky and Feretti run out of ammunition as well The Glider passes over and BLASTS into the barricade. 325 326 327 328 329 330 113. Several other Shepherd boys are injured.
155) 0) text: Just as O'Neil kneels down next to the dismantled bomb, A appears at the doorway. Anubis COCKS the weapon open. Just as he FIRES, O'Neil LI the silver platter, using it as a SHIELD. It DEFLECTS the power burst, bending it in half. O'Neil FLINGS the tray at Anubis and CHARGES, SLAMMING hi against the wall, his weapon dropping. Locked in mortal combat, the two warriors struggle.
156) 0) text: The Gliders have landed on top of the dunes. One of the Guards, YELLS OUT, commanding a surrender. Slowly some of the Shepherd boys climb out from behind th toppled carts, throwing their weapons aside. Skaara tries to stop them as they leave. Even Feretti bows his head in defeat as Kawalsky chucks h weapon away in frustration.
159) 0) text: Ra has reached Daniel and Sari. Slowly he LIFTS his hand and PUSHES through his shield, exposing it to Daniel. He moves his hand close to Daniel's head.
159) 1) dialog: (subtitled) I am no longer amused. Behind him we SEE the children arrive, watching helplessl
160) 0) text: Anubis swings, O'Neil catching his hand. Suddenly he MONK FLIPS Anubis OVER his head, sending him sprawling. Anubis rolls to a stop at the edge of the Medallion, his HEAD la ONTO THE MEDALLION'S SURFACE. O'Neil LEAPS on top of him, pinning him down. Anubis grab for his weapon. O'Neil SLAMS Anubis' arm back to the floo As Anubis' wrist device hits the floor, the medallion sud ACTIVATES, the laser beginning to form the cylinder. O'Neil is shocked. Realizing, he holds Anubis down.
161) 0) text: Ra lifts his hand above Daniel. His head begins to DISTOR particles SHIFTING. Daniel SCREAMS OUT in agony. Suddenly the LASER begins to form the cylinder around the medallio Through his pain, Daniel SEES this and GRABS RA'S WRIST. With his foot against the base of Ra's shield, he keeps R off the medallion while holding his arm inside. With every bit of strength Daniel can gather, he holds ti through his torture. The laser encircles the medallion, sealing. Unable to pull free, RA'S HAND IS CAUGHT IN THE CYLINDER. His eyes go wide with panic. Suddenly the BEAM ACTIVATES. Ra SCREAMS OUT as his hand is severed.
163) 0) text: Daniel looks up at the shocked Ra as he, Sari and RA'S HA are BEAMED downward. Just as they disappear, the HEAD OF ANUBIS, arrives in their place. Ra can't believe his eyes 336 337 338 339 340 341 342 115. Clutching his severed wrist, Ra SCREAMS OUT in terrible p and frustration. He turns towards the children, yelling a them to come. Frightened, they back away from him. Furious, Ra STORMS past them, clutching at his wrist.
165) 0) text: As the three guards approach, weapons aimed, Skaara turns Kawalsky for help. Kawalsky knows all is lost and raises his hands in surrender. Feretti does the same. The boys, reluctantly follow their lead. Slowly they come out from behind their barricade, surrendering.
166) 0) text: Shivering with PAIN, Ra moves to his sarcophagus. Suddenl the SOUND of THOUSANDS OF VOICES draws his attention. He moves over to a window behind the sarcophagus and SEES...
167) 0) text: In the center of the chaos, Skaara stops, listening. Soon the RUMBLE grows LOUD. Slowly everyone STOPS, turning tow the pyramid. Kawalsky and Feretti, also freeze, looking upwards. Astonished they hold back their triumph as they SEE...
168) 0) text: Daniel is unconscious, Sari is not much better. As she cradles him in her arms the room suddenly begins to SHAKE O'Neil gets up and bolts for the NUCLEAR DEVICE. Quickly O'Neil begins to assemble it.
169) 0) text: Ra's Space Craft begins to LIFT OFF. The HARSH WINDS BLOW Slowly the CRAFT leaves the pyramid, sailing upwards into the sky.
171) 0) text: His wrist wrapped in his robe, Ra has finished the takeof sequence. His eyes filled with tears of humiliation, Ra YELLS out to the children but they do not come. Frustrate Ra moves to the edge of the doorway and CALLS OUT to the children. He turns and SEES the children have gathered onto the medallion, huddled close, fear in their eyes. Angrily, Ra yells over to them.
171) 1) dialog: (betrayed; subtitled) You can not leave me! Suddenly the medallion ACTIVATES, the children begin to disappear. Ra SCREAMS OUT with anger and betrayal. The children vanish. In their place Ra SEES...
172) 0) text: The Shepherd boys LOOK UP to the sky just as the craft DISAPPEARS, out of the stratosphere. At the point of disappearance, the craft is replaced with a BRILLIANT FLA OF WHITE LIGHT. Suddenly the sky IGNITES with COLORS. The ROAR of a NUCLEAR EXPLOSION.
173) 0) text: Feretti, Kawalsky and O'Neil prepare to enter the gate. Skaara and Daniel move close. O'Neil holds his hand out f Skaara. Skaara stares at the hand for a beat. Slowly he reaches out and shakes hands with O'Neil.
174) 0) text: The last of the three suns SETS as Daniel and Sari lead a caravan away from the pyramid over the dune. The Mastadge HOWLS out his beautiful CRY.