82) 0) text: With the Mastadges in the background, all the shepherd BO are surrounding Skaara who holds O'Neil's lighter for eve to see, the wind from the storm continuing to HOWL outsid Suddenly Skaara LIGHTS the lighter. The boys JUMP BACK in fear. Skaara laughs as the boys re-approach to examine the ligh Suddenly there is a BANGING SOUND. Skaara turns and sees Daniel's Mastadge, banging his head against the corral do 176 177 178 179 180 181 67.
90) 9) dialog: pokes his head back up from behind the last dune. Hurt an betrayed, Skaara sadly watches the team walk away.
103) 0) text: Buried in the sand, an exposed tent flap is PULLED aside the Shepherd boys SEE Daniel's Mastadge appearing behind them. They turn back, digging for more treasure. Skaara uncover one of the soldier's HELMETS. He shows it to the other bo Just then a LOUD HUM is heard. The Boys look up to SEE...
111) 6) dialog: Moving near Sari below, next to the ramp. He holds O'Neil lighter, reflecting sunlight off of it at Daniel to get h attention. That accomplished, Skaara peels back part of h clothing exposing...
118) 1) dialog: Skaara and two other boys carry O'Neil and Daniel away.
119) 0) text: Through the mouth of a large cave we SEE several FIGURES coming towards us through the sand clouds churning outsid Helping them out of the storm we SEE Skaara and two boys bringing Daniel and O'Neil inside. Once within the protective walls, O'Neil looks up and SEE the rest of the Shepherd boys wearing the army fatigues, helmets and guns they retrieved from the base camp. Leani against the wall, the weapon Ra gave Daniel. At the back of the cave he SEES Feretti, getting some aid a wound. Kawalsky turns, sees O'Neil and rushes over to him.
120) 10) dialog: Anaasar? O'Neil doesn't even look at him. He just walks away, over to the edge of the cave, staring out into the night. Skaa afraid he said something wrong turns to Daniel. Daniel ca face him and walks out. Skaara considers a second, sniffs at the food to make sur it's okay, then walks over to O'Neil.
120) 12) dialog: Anaasar. 274 275 97. Still O'Neil ignores him. Slowly Skaara slides the plate food in front of O'Neil's face as you would do to a reluc child. Finally O'Neil turns and sees Skaara's smiling fac
120) 13) dialog: Nakdes Anaasar.
132) 0) text: The first cart arrives at the base of the ramp and Skaara unties Daniel's Mastadge, pulling it aside. Skaara waves the cart ahead. The cart is PULLED up the st by its SIX workers. As the cart slowly crawls up the ramp, the two Horus guar appear at the entrance door, waiting. Separated from Daniel, the Mastadge below MOANS, tugging its restraints trying to follow the cart. Skaara struggle to calm the animal. Frightened of being given away, none of the workers react the Mastadge. Heads bowed, they continue to PUSH the cart A second cart follows the first up the stairs.
132) 3) dialog: breathes a sigh of relief and looks over to Kawalsky and Feretti who peer out from beneath their hoods. But when t cart disappears through the door the Mastadge HOWLS. 301 302 303 304 105. Horus #3 shoots a look back down at the Mastadge. The fir cart clears the doorway and enters the pyramid when sudde Horus signals his guards who FOLLOW IT inside.
133) 0) text: Suddenly a huge STONE door begins to SLIDE DOWN, SEALING the entrance. As the door SHUTS Skaara looks up, frighten Feretti turns to Kawalsky, panicked.
137) 0) text: Skaara leads three other boys around the side of the pyra over to the window. Skaara climbs up, looks inside.
138) 0) text: O'Neil steps out from behind a column and FIRES. He SEES Skaara looking in from the window. O'Neil waves Skaara aw
139) 0) text: About to crawl inside, Skaara looks up and SEES two GLIDE coming from around this side of the pyramid. Suddenly one of them FIRES. Skaara LEAPS out of the way.
140) 0) text: O'Neil looks back up just as an EXPLOSION rips up the win where Skaara had been. Thinking Skaara has been killed, O'Neil steps out FIRING MADLY.
141) 0) text: Skaara and the boys have to RACE for cover and the sand explodes around them, the Gliders overhead.
145) 0) text: An EXPLOSION rips up the sand as the four Gliders STRAFE from above. The Shepherd boys rush for cover all over the front of the entrance, separated. Racing down the ramp another EXPLOSION HITS, ripping up t stairs killing one of the Shepherd boys. Skaara FIRES his rifle at the passing Gliders as he reaches the sand. At the side of the platform, Kawalsky and Feretti take co at the side of the closed door.
154) 0) text: The numbers of the Shepherd boys are dwindling from the intense BOMBING from the remaining three Gliders. As anot Glider makes a PASS, again Kawalsky leads the boys to FIR Suddenly, Skaara runs out of ammunition. Quickly, weapons begin to CLICK, empty all around him. Slowly Kawalsky and Feretti run out of ammunition as well The Glider passes over and BLASTS into the barricade. 325 326 327 328 329 330 113. Several other Shepherd boys are injured.
156) 0) text: The Gliders have landed on top of the dunes. One of the Guards, YELLS OUT, commanding a surrender. Slowly some of the Shepherd boys climb out from behind th toppled carts, throwing their weapons aside. Skaara tries to stop them as they leave. Even Feretti bows his head in defeat as Kawalsky chucks h weapon away in frustration.
165) 0) text: As the three guards approach, weapons aimed, Skaara turns Kawalsky for help. Kawalsky knows all is lost and raises his hands in surrender. Feretti does the same. The boys, reluctantly follow their lead. Slowly they come out from behind their barricade, surrendering.
167) 0) text: In the center of the chaos, Skaara stops, listening. Soon the RUMBLE grows LOUD. Slowly everyone STOPS, turning tow the pyramid. Kawalsky and Feretti, also freeze, looking upwards. Astonished they hold back their triumph as they SEE...
173) 0) text: Feretti, Kawalsky and O'Neil prepare to enter the gate. Skaara and Daniel move close. O'Neil holds his hand out f Skaara. Skaara stares at the hand for a beat. Slowly he reaches out and shakes hands with O'Neil.