9) 2) text: Les jumps out of the way as it screams by him. He watches the Ferrari drive off. We hear a bicycle tire SKIDDING along the pavement. He tu to see: A "nut case" on a ten speed stop his thirty foot skid a h away from Les' sneaker. This is DEAN, Les' best friend. H has charm and mischief with a capital M written all over face. They both look back at the Ferrari.
9) 4) dialog: Anderson, the only difference between you and that greaseball, is that he has a license and you don't. In two days we open a whole new chapter. (motioning to his handle bars) Get in. I'll drive you home. Les looks at Dean's BEAT TO SHIT death trap bike.
9) 6) dialog: Les, your license is as important to me as it is to you. I'll take it easy. I promise.
10) 0) text: White knuckles. Les hangs on as a sadistic Dean speeds al the sidewalk. About to collide with a JOGGER, Dean cuts onto:
10) 2) text: Les tries to absorb the shock. Dean laughs, pedals faster He whips Les through:
11) 0) text: making sure to run Les through a SPRINKLER. This is Les' house; large and colonial, its landscaping perfectly groo Ahead of them, in front of the garage, there's an Audi 50 Turbo. It's surrounded by mounds of dusty boxes and garag junk. Dean slaloms through it.
12) 2) dialog: Just a painful reminder of what you're leaving behind. (beat) Whose Caddie?
12) 4) dialog: (examining it) It's intense. What's it doing here? (CONTINUED )
12) 7) dialog: (opening the door) I gotta tell you, Les, this boat would kick-ass up at Archie’s. Do you think we can get it for Saturday night?
12) 12) dialog: (picking up his bike) I'd really love to, Mr. Anderson, (a fake cough) but I'm sort of allergic to dust and cardboard boxes. He coughs again. Dad doesn't even bother. Dean gets on hi bike.
12) 13) dialog: (driving off) See you tonight. (CONTINUED )
14) 1) text: Hanging over, from the back to the front seat, leaning on horn is Dean. Dean's MOM and his LITTLE SISTER ride in front. They're used to this behavior.
16) 0) text: An uncomfortable backseat, filled with junk. Les and Dean sit squished together, practically eating their knees. Th front seat is pushed all the way back. Dean's little munchkin sister sits comfortably in the passenger seat. They approach the party. Dean's mom slows down. Embarrass Dean and Les duck. (CONTINUED )
16) 4) dialog: It's not the car, Ma. It's you, you're driving. Just drop us off around the corner.
17) 0) text: As Dean and Les pull themselves out of the car, a GLOSSY BLACK GTO, with a confederate flag attached to its antenn slows down across the street. Inside the GTO are THREE of the scariest and rowdiest looking HIGH SCHOOL DROPOUTS yo ever seen. They're laughing at the boys being dropped off mom.
17) 2) dialog: (to his mother) Sorry, I didn't introduce you, Ma. She laughs.
17) 3) dialog: See you at twelve?
17) 5) dialog: I'll call.
18) 0) text: Les, Dean, and Charles sip fruit punch. They sit alone on the front steps gawking at the hoards of cute girls surrounding the guys and their cars. Impressive, but sickening.
18) 1) dialog: I know exactly what you're thinking, Les. I'm thinking the same thing. I'm not sure about Charles. (beat) Why am I so alone here? I'm good looking, I've got a great sense of humor, and yet there's not one single female within twenty yards of me? Can you find one of them who isn't within arms reach of a car?
18) 5) dialog: And do you know what the beauty of it all is? The beauty of it all, Les, is that Saturday afternoon, less than forty-eight hours away, the people at the DMV are going to be handing you your license... our Les' eyes glitter. He's in a trance. (CONTINUED )
18) 8) dialog: You can say good-bye to the humiliation of public transportation, and not being able to date someone who isn't conveniently close to a bus stop. You're going to be free, Les. One of them. (beat) And on Saturday night, when we pull into Archie's Atomic in your mom's Audi 5000 TURBO, all this is going to be at our fingertips. In fact, Archie's makes this place look like Sesame Street.
18) 10) dialog: Archie's is the joint. I swear it. My brother used to go there every weekend. He says the ratio of girls to guys is five to one. And we're not talkin' dogs, we're talkin' bunnies. The place is a paradise. (beat) I'm telling you, Les. The secret to your happiness, and ultimately our happiness, as long as we live in this country, is a driver's license.
18) 12) dialog: (leoking around at all the cars, girls and happiness) Charles. Seeing is believing. You gotta believe him. 16.
19) 0) text: Soft lighting. Kids sitting, standing, talking, necking. Les, Dean, and Charles slump by the punch bowl observing decadence.
19) 1) dialog: Do you ever wonder what kind of car would be most appropriate for some of these wenches to lose their virginity in?
19) 3) dialog: Seriously. Look at Cheryl Lieberman.
19) 7) dialog: Beth Maclaine.
19) 10) dialog: Bonnie Dupa.
19) 15) dialog: (o.s.) Nah, a Harley.
19) 17) dialog: (0.8.3; shocked) A Mercedes?
19) 22) dialog: What more can be said?
21) 0) text: Dean and Charles get on the bus. Les stands on the curb. The bus starts its engine. Fancy cars pull away.
21) 1) dialog: I cannot believe you, Les. You're blowing the greatest night of your life for a girl who probably doesn't even know you have a pulse.
21) 3) dialog: (betrayed) That's pathetic. After all these years we finally get a chance to go to Archie's, and now you're telling me it's off? (CONTINUED )
21) 9) dialog: Well you're in luck, loverboy, ‘cause she's sittin' down right behind you. Dean backs away. The bus doors slam closed in Les' face. turns around: Mercedes sits on a bench about twenty-five feet away, rea an ELLE magazine, sipping some apple juice. Les turns back to the bus. It's pulling away.
21) 10) dialog: (leaning out) Go on, ask her. If you're lucky, she'll bite. Les turns back to Mercedes. She's more beautiful than ever. He walks towards her. Her blonde hair flutters in the wind. He stands beside her. Some apple juice dribbles off her bottom lip. She tongues her lips dry. It's the sexiest thing he's ever seen. He can't even talk. She glances up. Not recognizing him, she goes back to her Magazine. We hear a LOUD HONK! HONK! !!!! It scares Mercedes. Les turns, shocked to see his father in the Cadillac, pul up in front of them. He HONKS again. It's the loudest hor in the world. Les, embarrassed, ignores his father.
30) 0) text: Stereo, TV, CD, boyhood Americana. Posters of cars cover walls. We faintly hear classical music seeping through th walls. The boys are over. While Les cuts Mercedes' pictur out of the high school yearbook, Dean gives him a hard ti (CONTINUED )
30) 3) dialog: Do you know what happens if you get caught driving without a license? They make you wait two years before you can take the test again. Two years, Les. Twenty-four months. That's a lot of bus rides.
30) 6) dialog: You're not serious.
30) 8) dialog: This is a complete waste of time. You know your stuff, Les. You've been a passenger in a car for sixteen years. It's not like you're from Bedrock or something. You've lived and breathed this theory bullshit. The music booms through the walls, building to a crescend
30) 9) dialog: (disturbed by the music) What is that shit? 29.
31) 0) text: Tchaikovsky!!! Bookish Natalie sits at her desk studying Driver's Ed manual, taking notes, trying to memorize. As studies, her body responds to the music with great intens And then relaxes when the music becomes quiet... Suddenly from an INTERCOM above her desk, we hear Dean's obnoxious voice.
31) 1) dialog: (voice over) Hey, Naaaatalie! If you were ina car traveling at the speed of fifty- five miles per hour, and you collided with a runaway train, would that create any improvements in your face? Her pencil snaps. A total disruption of concentration. Silence. And now we hear the loudest and most disgusting BURP of all time. And then wails of laughter... And then Dean, again.
31) 2) dialog: (voice over) Good luck on your exam tomorrow, Einstein!
46) 7) dialog: (voice over) You're going to be free, Les. One of them... one of them... one of them.
49) 0) text: deeply depressed, walks into his room. His door is plaste with telephone messages, all from Charles and Dean; "Pick up." "Congratulations, you made it." ...Deeper depression On his desk, a GIFT WRAPPED BOX. There's a card on top. I reads, "Good Driving. Love, Mom and Dad." He tears the wrapping off and looks in. He pulls out a CHAUFFEUR'S CAP Even deeper depression. Dazed, he stares at Mercedes’ picture. She never looked better. He never looked worse. We hear someone come into the house.
53) 0) text: Tiny. Water pipes abound. A pigsty a pig wouldn't live in Dean holds the telephone up to the speaker. Charles hits play on the tape deck and suddenly the sounds of A ROCK CONCERT CROWD CHEERING AND SCREAMING blasts out of the speakers. Intercut Les and Dean. Les listens... He loves it. It finally fades out.
53) 1) dialog: You're the king, Les. You did it, man. How does it feel?
91) 1) dialog: You have balls, Les. You definitely have balls for snatching this car. I'm impressed.
91) 4) dialog: Of course it is. Big deal.
91) 11) dialog: (turning to the hood) Take a look. Dean puts the mallet down and gently drops the hood. Les crouches down to check. Dean stands, confident.
91) 13) dialog: So I guess we can go to Archie's now?
91) 15) dialog: Les, take a look at something. Dean walks Les to the passenger side of the car. Mercedes out cold, her face squished up against the glass.
91) 16) dialog: Unless you're into some intense kinky shit, and you never know after tonight, this Mercedes has a dead battery. Les is depressed. Dean's rolling.
91) 17) dialog: We're talking about Archie's Atomic, Les. It's in the middle of nowhere. You can't get there without a license. No buses, no trains, no planes. Only the slickest driving machines you've ever seen. Dean pulls a crumpled piece of paper out of his pocket an hands it to Les. (CONTINUED )
91) 20) dialog: Here are the directions my brother gave me. Les glances at it.
91) 22) dialog: Charles, do I tell you what kind of dictionaries to buy?
91) 24) dialog: Are you shittin' me? You got your license twelve hours ago and you're already tired of driving? My mother makes ridiculous statements like that.
91) 26) dialog: Can't? Dean grabs the mallet and walks over to the hood. He lift the mallet high into the air, assuming the executioner's position.
91) 27) dialog: Fine. But as precise and delicate a task as it may have appeared, fixing those dents... I could easily put them all back.
91) 29) dialog: The drive alone will be worth it. 65.
92) 2) dialog: (o.8.; like a baby) Yes, I wiped the concrete off my feet. (sounding great) Two seconds in the car and I can already feel the change. This is too much. Charles, push in the lighter, I have a surprise for everyone.
92) 5) dialog: Les, this is a car, not an oxygen tent.
93) 4) dialog: Les, how about taking the car out of neutral and putting it in gear? A bath is more exciting than this. Les takes it like a man.
94) 4) dialog: What? Les are you sixteen, or are you sixty? You could've given that gear head a run for his money.
94) 6) dialog: Les. No one's asking you to break the sound barrier. (MORE ) (CONTINUED )
94) 10) dialog: His tractor license. I mean what's the point? What's the damn point of driving a car if you're not going to take advantage of it?
94) 12) dialog: At twenty miles per hour?
94) 14) dialog: There's a big difference, Charles. Freedom at eighty miles per hour is America. Freedom at twenty miles per hour is communism. End of round one. The fighters return to their corners.
99) 3) dialog: Forget it, Les. Look at us. (gently) At the present moment we're three wild animals bombing down the highway in a Cadillac with the cruise control set on fifty-five.
99) 7) dialog: A ticket? Look at your windshield. We're moving so slowly the flies have time to get out of the way.
99) 9) dialog: Not only that. Listen to this crap. My parents don't even listen to this.
100) 12) dialog: Iocan't. I'm trapped. Help me! (CONTINUED )
100) 17) dialog: I apologize for everything, Bro. That was definitely worth the price of admission. In fact, that ride made up for a whole life of boredom. Les surveys THE CAR. Other than the fact that it's covere in grime and dirt, it looks okay.
100) 25) dialog: (no sympathy) Les, we're almost at Archie's. We can’t turn back now.
100) 27) dialog: I don't think you want her in your car, Les. I think she's about to blow.
100) 29) dialog: Look, Les. (pointing out a hose coiled against a wall) There's a hose right over here. While we hose the car down, Charles can go in here with Mercedes and get her something to drink.
100) 35) dialog: I want you to see something. (motioning to the Caddie on the ramp) Look up there and tell me what's on your mind.
100) 37) dialog: Not you. The car. Does anything strike you as odd?
100) 39) dialog: Not only is it a Cadillac, but it's this one's clone. Exactly the same year, color, wheels, everything.
100) 41) dialog: I just want you to think about it.
100) 43) dialog: Fine. But just promise me you'll think about it.
102) 3) dialog: Have you been thinking about the car?
102) 5) dialog: Just listen to what I have to say and don't interrupt me until I'm through. Okay?
103) 7) dialog: (pleading) You'll never get an opportunity like this again, as long as you live. (beat) We'll cruise up to Archie's without worrying about scratching the paint, dirtying the interior, or smashing the car. Look at the car, Les. Not a scratch. (beat) If you ask me, it's a sign from the Mr. Goodwrench in the sky.
103) 11) dialog: There's still time to convert.
104) 0) text: Les and Dean stand below the Cadillac ramp. lLes' eyes ar getting wider. Les looks
104) 1) dialog: You worked real hard for that license you have in your wallet. You've had sixteen years of humiliation, begging for lifts from people who couldn't give a shit about your image. That wasn't easy. I know. You had to stand and watch as all the pretty girls in our grade drove away smiling in some older jerk's car, and grin and bear it when the girl of your dreams asked you what kind of car you drove. But that's all over now. (beat) That thing in your wallet is not just an ordinary piece of paper, Les. It's a license, an automobile license. But it's not even just an automobile license, it's a license to live. Did you hear me, Les? A license to live, to be free, to go wherever you want, whenever you want, with whoever you choose. That license in your pocket is the single most liberating document you'll come across in your whole life. I would die to have one. ahead. I think he's sold.
104) 2) dialog: Les, to live in fear, is not to live at all.
104) 4) dialog: A breeze. If the attendant's awake, we use Charles as a decoy. He looks old enough. 77.
105) 0) text: Tiny and sleazy. Les and Dean's reflection CAN BE SEEN in the window. A radio plays some easy listening music. An o timer with a single strand of hair slicked back lounges i his chair, fast asleep. His name tag reads, SICK SAM. A REVOLVER sits in a half open desk drawer. Les and Dean do see it. The CADILLAC KEY is clearly marked, on the board above hi Opposite the board, there is a hole for people to talk through. Dean tries the door. It's locked. He looks at Le as if to say, "At least we tried." Les signals for him to wait a second.
107) 0) text: The ball fetcher extends through the hole, barely graspin the Cadillac key. As Les gently pulls it back, the keys f and land on Sick Sam's shoulder. They sit there like bird shit. Les maneuvers the ball fetcher like a fine surgeon, lifti the keys off Sick Sam's shoulder. He pulls them out. A bi sigh. Dean reaches into the office and turns up the radio
109) 0) text: Les and Dean, all smiles, quietly get into the Caddie. Th drive across the street.
110) 0) text: Leaving. Les carries a green Mercedes. Dean holds a steam hot slice of pizza. A perplexed Charles carries the cokes
111) 2) dialog: What are you talking about? Ina half hour there's gonna be babes all over us. She'll kill it for us. As Les places her down in the trunk, she opens her eyes.
111) 4) dialog: In all your life, did you ever imagine you'd see a Mercedes fit in the trunk of a Cadillac?
111) 8) dialog: For her? That trunk is bigger than my bedroom. Les gently lowers the trunk.
112) 4) dialog: Whoops, I just dropped some pizza on the seat.
112) 10) dialog: 
117) 2) dialog: (to Les and Charles) Order for me, I'll get dessert. Dean veers off. The girls smile at him when they see him coming. Les and Charles get on line to order. 82.
118) 2) dialog: It's all set, they'll be here ina couple of minutes. One for each of us. A BLACK CAR pulls in beside them, while Les passes out th fries and the cokes, placing his and Charles' on the dash
118) 5) dialog: My fantasies never get this good. And this is only the beginning. As Charles reaches for the burgers, the SALT SHAKER goes flying. Dazed and starving, Charles swings open the door. CHINK as the door slams open against the car they're park beside. They turn:
118) 12) dialog: Charles, you spasticated idiot. The window zips down and up. Dean pulls his hand in and d the burger. The burgers and sundaes are still on the tray They watch like kittens as the three DROPOUTS inspect:
118) 16) dialog: What the hell are you doing, Les? You can't back away from these motherfuckers, they're just toying with you.
121) 0) text: Dean looks over the directions his brother gave him.
121) 1) dialog: Shoot me. Hang me. What can I say? The directions were for getting there, not for running away. (CONTINUED )
121) 5) dialog: Left. Right. Les shakes his head. We WATCH as the car veers to the right, and follow it as goes down the street and stops at a corner.
124) 6) dialog: Where?
126) 3) dialog: How is getting home going to change anything? She saw you. (beat) Does an escaped convict turn himself in when he knows he's going to be executed?
129) 4) dialog: What are you sweating for Les? A license is like a credit card. Sooner or later, you gotta break ‘em in. Les is stung. A HUGE COP walks to the car, shines his flashlight in Les' eyes, leans in, and inhales deeply. Th cop pauses... All of a sudden, we hear a HICCUP. The boys lock at each other. It's Mercedes. The cop holds his look More hiccups. Dean and Charles pretend it's them.
129) 16) dialog: How could you forget your license your first night out? Les can't hide it any longer...
129) 18) dialog: You what?! (CONTINUED )
129) 22) dialog: You mean to tell me you've been driving around all night without a license? Les nods. Dean laughs like a mad man.
131) 6) dialog: Charles? Will you take a pill, or something. Nothing's gonna happen.
132) 0) text: The boys, SPREAD-EAGLED against the car. They're being frisked. Charles gives Dean a look.
132) 10) dialog: Piece of cake, Les. Let's go get the car.
136) 3) dialog: Charles, I know it's uncomfortable sitting in wet diapers, but can you just quit crying for a minute? (back to business) (MORE ) (CONTINUED )
140) 2) dialog: I've heard of being hard up for a drink, but this is ridiculous.
140) 12) dialog: Les, I was born ready. Les gets out of the car, sprints down the alley and acros the street. Dean jumps over into the driver's seat.
141) 5) dialog: Holy shit!
141) 18) dialog: We gotta do something.
142) 0) text: Bombing down the street. Jubilation. Laughter. Dean, now in the front seat, has discovered the cash box. Suddenly, Les HITS THE BRAKES. A FORTY FOOT SKID! Les is white as a ghost. (CONTINUED )
142) 3) dialog: What?
142) 5) dialog: Ohhhhhh shitttttiii¢it:
142) 17) dialog: Awesome, Les. That was hall of fame material. BOOM!!! A GUN SHOT blows out the back window. Les looks u in his mirror, and sees Sam standing back in the distance Les makes a quick left...
144) 4) dialog: You didn't miss a thing. She closes her eyes. They laugh like hyenas. INT. PARENT’S BEDROOM - NIGHT Mom lying on top of the covers, WINCES AND GRABS FOR HER STOMACH. She lets the contraction subside. She turns on t light, looks at her watch, then looks over at sleeping Da 104.
146) 0) text: Charles and Dean slip out of the car. Charles gently clos the door. Les looks at a sleeping Mercedes. Dean and Charles look i They whisper to each other.
146) 1) dialog: License or no license, Mario, that was one intense display of driving.
146) 3) dialog: And as far as a first night out with a car goes, you've set the standard. It's gonna be a tough one to top.
146) 5) dialog: What are you gonna tell Sleeping Beauty?