4) 2) dialog: No, he's just brain dead. The class empties. Mr. Gasket stands ominously above Les.
9) 0) text: A few kids here and there. Les bombs out of school, jammi papers into his knapsack. He runs down the street after t last departing school bus. He can't catch it. Natalie, inside the bus, smiles at him. He stands in the middle of the road, pissed. We hear a car racing towards him from behind.
13) 0) text: Dad, Les, Natalie and Rudy sit at the table. Rudy is the cute, ten year old brother you can only find in the movie As they munch away at their dinner, one by one they look in awe...
13) 13) dialog: Don't include me in your obsession.
13) 15) dialog: A BMW at sixteen? It's more like spoiled. Karl says... Everyone stops what they're doing ala E. F. Hutton.
13) 16) dialog: Can you people please be serious for once in your life? (beat) Karl says that in America the people are misled to believe that a car represents freedom and individuality, when, in essence, it is more oppressive than anything else, burdening the individual with materialistic costs, such as insurance, gas and repairs. (CONTINUED )
13) 21) dialog: You two are so simple, it's frightening.
13) 23) dialog: (upset and getting up from the table) I'm not hungry.
13) 25) dialog: This is the most oppressive environment a child could be subjected to. Natalie sits down. We hear a loud HONK-HONK! Les stands u
31) 0) text: Tchaikovsky!!! Bookish Natalie sits at her desk studying Driver's Ed manual, taking notes, trying to memorize. As studies, her body responds to the music with great intens And then relaxes when the music becomes quiet... Suddenly from an INTERCOM above her desk, we hear Dean's obnoxious voice.
31) 15) dialog: A picture of opposites. Natalie, effervescent, full of li Les, a wreck. We see in his face that it's coming down to the wire.
31) 18) dialog: (o.8.) Finished. Natalie bounces past him. She's all smiles. He hates her.
34) 2) dialog: I think I can get it. She struggles. He leans over, mashing his body up against hers, fixing the belt and holding it for a few Mississipp too long.
34) 3) dialog: Thanks.
34) 10) dialog: I'm sorry.
35) 0) text: Natalie's car runs smoothly down a residential street.
41) 0) text: Natalie. Her typical sour expression. The flash pops.
42) 0) text: Natalie, at a bureau counter, waits for her license.
42) 2) dialog: Thank you. 36.
43) 0) text: Natalie walks through the parking lot on her way home. We SEE Les, across the street, his left flicker on, waiting a gap in the traffic.
44) 0) text: As Natalie walks out of the parking lot, on her way home, pulls in. We FOLLOW Les' car as he's about to park.
57) 0) text: Standing by the washer Mom empties everyone's pockets; Da Rudy's, Les' jeans... Without realizing what it is, she places Les' failed exam on the counter. As it sits there partially unfolds. Mom loads the washer. INT. DEN —- NIGHT Dad sits with Natalie, waiting for Les. Behind Dad, Rudy sits in front of a GIANT SCREEN TV, with the sound off. H watching "THE FRENCH CONNECTION."
60) 0) text: Les, full of life, sits beside Natalie. As Dad talks, the famous chase scene from "THE FRENCH CONNECTION" unfolds.
60) 2) dialog: (sour) Yes.
64) 0) text: Mom has just told Rudy and Natalie about Les.
66) 0) text: Mom opens the door. It's KARL, Natalie's boyfriend. Worke of the world unite!!! He wears HORN-RIMMED GLASSES.
67) 1) dialog: Are you sure you don't want to take my mother's Audi? This car's never going to make it to the rally.
77) 6) dialog: If you're not convinced this car's about to die, maybe we should wait until it catches fire and cremates itself.
77) 8) dialog: (rolling her eyes) Let me just get the keys to my mother's Audi. She walks into the house. A defeated Karl waits.
78) 0) text: Dad and Mom are fast asleep, wrapped in covers. Natalie searches for the keys. She finally spots them under Dad's hand. Unlike Les, she picks up Dad's hand, and removes th Audi key. Dad wakes up and looks at her. She holds out the key. He smiles and falls back to sleep.
115) 0) text: Outside the gates of ALLIED TECHNOLOGIES. Dozen of PROTESTERS hold hands and chant. Several POLICE CARS pull up. Police step out and disperse. Natalie looks on nervously. Karl chants. (CONTINUED )
115) 3) dialog: Karl, I don't have a good feeling about this. Can we go home?
124) 9) dialog: Les! What are you doing?!!! You don't even have a...
127) 0) text: Cops arrest protesters left and right. Karl drags Natalie front of the Half Tracks. He pulls her down to the road, joining others to block the convoy.
127) 2) dialog: (sitting up) I don't consider my family an insignificant issue. I've gotta get home. (MORE ) (CONTINUED )
128) 0) text: The news coverage continues. Dad, half asleep, blindly ai the remote control, trying to turn the TV off. He doesn't notice Karl and a frightened Natalie being led into a PAD WAGON. The TV CLICKS off.
145) 0) text: Natalie sirs alone, concerned. Karl chants with a group o protesters. An AGED HIPPIE sings, "Where Have All The Flowers Gone?"
156) 0) text: Natalie, on the phone. Curious, she hangs up. Karl stands beside her, full of life. He doesn't care about her problems.
156) 4) dialog: (blunter than blunt) Screw off, Karl! And by the way, the name is Natalie, not Natascha! She walks away, leaving a stunned, and at last, speechles Karl.
159) 0) text: Down the street from the hospital. Natalie leaves the precinct. She does a triple-take when she sees her family flash by backwards. She runs after them.