10) 14) dialog: Good evening, Mr. Cushing. Hello, Edith...
10) 16) dialog: (blushing) Not really. No more than your average penguin.
10) 18) dialog: (gazing at her) Change your mind, Edith. With you, I could actually dance.
12) 8) dialog: That's quite a glowing presentation, Edith-
34) 0) text: A CORONER leads Edith, Sharpe and Ferguson down a hospita corridor. Dr. McMichael appears behind them, hurrying to catch up.
34) 1) dialog: (looking stricken) Edith. I'm so sorry - it's incomprehensible - I can't believe it, how could such a thing happen-? He was a dear friend, you know that- (CONTINUED)
35) 3) dialog: (to the coroner) May I, sir? As he inspects the dead man's skull,
36) 0) text: Once again, Edith is in black and surrounded by mourners the Cushing burial plot. A fresh grave lies open next to mother's granite tombstone. As the REVEREND reads a passage from the Bible (MOS), Edi leans on Sharpe's arm. A large DIAMOND RING sparkles on h finger. A bereft-looking Dr. McMichael is standing in the crowd, staring fixedly at Sharpe. It's a duel- but then, with a gentlemanly tip of Dr. McMichael's hat, it's over. Before the diggers close up the grave, Edith steps forwar and drops Cushing's pocket watch onto the coffin.
39) 0) text: MOVING MEN are carting off the contents of Cushing's home and loading a horse-drawn dray outside. Dr. McMichael is seated at Cushing's desk, transferring t contents of the drawers into a carton. One packet of papers attracts his attention. The TOP of a page pokes out of an envelope: It is emblazoned with the Cumberland eagle and a mountain. This is the file from Holly, the private detective. As the young Doctor unfolds it, he finds that the rest of the page has been torn off.
51) 23) dialog: (prelap) As the body dies- as its organs shut down... a weight change occurs. It loses exactly 21 grams.
52) 1) dialog: People of faith claim this is the weight of the soul leaving the body, but I urge you, as men of science, to dismiss such a notion. The Doctor lectures in an operating theatre, where a body lies before him, flayed open. In the gallery, dozens of students take notes and make sketches.
52) 2) dialog: Physical humours evaporate, secretions leave the body through open pores- that and the air, leaving the lungs... This is what you must look for, gentleman. Not faith, not magic, just science. CAMERA singles out a man seated among the students: the lawyer, Mr. Ferguson. As Dr. McMichael sees him: DR. MCMICHAEL (CONT’D) We must question every detail before us...
53) 0) text: Tea is being served to Dr. McMichael and Ferguson.
53) 2) dialog: I haven't had a word.
53) 7) dialog: Are you really?
53) 9) dialog: I'm not sure I follow-
74) 0) text: A stolid, bearded young man gazes down on Edith. It's Dr. Alan McMichael! Seeing that her eyes are open...
74) 1) dialog: Hello, Edith. Don't try to move just yet, all right? Edith looks around and recognizes the master bedroom. A f crackles in the grate.
74) 3) dialog: Easy, easy. You're going to be fine. We need just a bit longer for the plaster to dry. (another smile) Quite a shock seeing me, I warrant. Forgive me. Sharpe and Lucille are watching anxiously from the doorwa
74) 5) dialog: I arrived in Southampton three days ago. I should have sent a wire. (smiles at them all) But I thought you'd enjoy the surprise. (CONTINUED)
74) 10) dialog: Shh- not now-
74) 14) dialog: It's shock. She'll be quite woolly-headed- (he stops, looks at Edith) What is it, Edith? Are you in pain? Tears are rolling down Edith's cheeks. Her lips are trembling as she remembers... Dr. McMichael brings a cup hot TEA to her mouth. DR. MCMICHAEL (CONT’D) Here. Drink. As she drinks, he places a small BROWN BOTTLE on the nigh stand.
74) 15) dialog: It's an opium derivative: no more than two drops with hot liquids. Once a day. (to Sharpe & Lucille) No more than two drops, understood?
74) 22) dialog: Excuse me. (the others fall silent) May I ask... would you take your conversation downstairs? I think she's heard enough for now.
74) 24) dialog: Let me finish here. We must all do our best to see that she gets some rest. Lucille pulls Sharpe by the sleeve.
74) 27) dialog: It's the narcotic. You may feel some nausea. Have you ever broken a limb before? Edith shakes her head. (CONTINUED)
74) 31) dialog: No, no. A methodical drudge - a pill pusher - is just not cut out for such things. She takes his hand.
74) 33) dialog: I hope so, yes. I'm making certain inquiries. We'll discuss them tomorrow, when you're ready.
74) 35) dialog: (after a moment) I went to your father's club. Early. At that hour, there are no other swimmers. The floor is perfectly dry. How could he slip? And his injuries... yes, injuries. I saw multiple fractures. Edith is looking at him in horror.
74) 37) dialog: Lie back. You must get some rest. I'm here to confirm a few facts - (CONTINUED)
74) 41) dialog: I know. I wanted to be happy for you. Even as I worried, I've thought of little else. He puts a pillow under her head and touches her cheek. INT. FOYER -— DR. MCMICHAEL (CONT’D) I'm at the Elgin hotel in town. Close your eyes now. I'll come back tomorrow and we'll go over everything.
74) 43) dialog: She should sleep through the night. Keep an eye out for fever. Lucille hands Dr. McMichael his hat and coat. As they walk
74) 45) dialog: Thank you, no. I have some business in town. Contact me immediately if there's any change. to the door:
74) 47) dialog: I believe you, sir. You're a lucky man. 79.
75) 0) text: Snow is still falling. Dr. McMichael climbs into his sleigh and guides it down t driveway as Lucille and Sharpe stand at the door, watchin They go inside and slowly close the door. Prelap PIANO: one of Liszt's Transcendental Etudes.
80) 0) text: A MANAGING EDITOR leads Dr. McMichael through a busy newspaper office. A noisy printing press is at work.
80) 2) dialog: (reading the caption) "Lucille Sharpe introduces brave little brother Thomas to the joys of the horse ring."
80) 6) dialog: At night, you say? Tell me all about it.
80) 8) dialog: One moment, please. In the text: a PHOTO of twenty-something Thomas marrying Pamela Upton, a fair-haired young society girl from Londo who wears dark glasses and carries a long, white cane. DR. MCMICHAEL (CONT’D) The Baronet. Sir Thomas - he's had how many wives?
80) 12) dialog: Dear God.
86) 0) text: The snow has stopped. Drifts are everywhere. Lucille opens up to find Dr. McMichael on the doorstep, carrying his black bag and a large book - one of the boun volumes from the local paper. His horse and sleigh are in the driveway.
86) 1) dialog: Good afternoon, Miss Sharpe. How's Edith doing?
86) 3) dialog: That's fine. Fine. And your brother??
86) 5) dialog: I see.
86) 7) dialog: If she's in pain, I should see her-
86) 9) dialog: Of course. (pats his bag) Right in here.
87) 0) text: Still in his overcoat, Dr. McMichael is seated on the sof decanting some liquid opium into another small bottle. Lucille tends to the fire and sits opposite him, eyeing t drug.
87) 1) dialog: Well. Back home, everyone's clamoring for some news. Tell me, Miss Sharpe, how's her book been going?
87) 3) dialog: A writer's talent is one I've always envied.
87) 5) dialog: I do. Although in my experience, actual events can go far beyond one's wildest imaginings.
89) 0) text: Dr. McMichael is about to give Lucille the bottle of opiu but almost teasing, he pulls it away.
89) 1) dialog: You know, Miss Sharpe, I really should examine the patient before doling this out.
89) 3) dialog: Ah. Someone's awake. He pockets the opium vial and exits. INT. BEDROOM —- DAY Dr. McMichael strides into the bedroom and draws back the curtain, revealing Crimson Peak. He sits at Edith's bedsi
89) 4) dialog: There. Now - if you'll just look at me. Edith gazes into Dr. McMichael's eyes; he checks her pupi then takes her pulse.
89) 6) dialog: Yes. But not now. You're in no shape- (CONTINUED)
89) 10) dialog: You can't.
89) 12) dialog: (to Lucille) She's showing signs of anemia and exhaustion. I'm going to take her to a hospital -
89) 14) dialog: Miss Sharpe, under the circumstances -
89) 16) dialog: You didn't mention anything before -
89) 18) dialog: Is he, now?
89) 20) dialog: Then you won't mind if I stay and make his acquaintance. A NOISE from outside signals the arrival of a motorcar. Lucille hurries away. (CONTINUED)
90) 0) text: Lucille opens the front door. Sharpe is already out of hi car, alarmed at the sight of Dr. McMichael's sleigh.
91) 0) text: Sharpe enters the bedroom and finds Edith seated in the wheelchair. Dr. McMichael stands behind her.
91) 1) dialog: Good afternoon, Sir Thomas. We were just going.
91) 3) dialog: Do you know the Brathwaite Daily Ledger? "The newspaper of record for northern Cumberland." I've borrowed some back issues. (CONTINUED)
91) 6) dialog: (to Edith) Edith. It seems that your mother-in-law, Lady Edwina Sharpe, was murdered, here in this house. Edith stares at him in puzzlement. Then she looks at the open book. Headline: "AXE MURDER AT SHARPETON." CAMERA lingers on a detailed STEEL ENGRAVING depicting a butchered woman in t library downstairs. DR. MCMICHAEL (CONT’D) No suspect was ever arrested.
91) 8) dialog: (turning) You, Sir Thomas, were only thirteen at the time. After questioning by the police, you were sent off to boarding school in Surrey. (to Lucille) Your story, Lucille, is less clear. A convent education in Switzerland, it said.
91) 10) dialog: An entire paragraph describes the condition of the body as it was found. A grisly thing, a hatchet or something similar. Thirty blows -
92) 1) dialog: Who is she, Sharpe? Where did you find her -? Lucille hands the knife to Sharpe.
92) 3) dialog: Edith... will not die here. Not her. Numb, Sharpe stares at the knife in his hand.
92) 5) dialog: She's stronger than both of you. Lucille pushes Sharpe forward.
93) 0) text: Lucille and Thomas drag Dr. McMichael into the elevator. Lucille goes through the man's pockets and retrieves the opium. Then she steps out, and Thomas takes the elevator down un the house. Once he's gone, Lucille brings out the knife a turns toward the dog.
98) 0) text: Dr. McMichael is sprawled on the floor, surrounded by the contents of his medical bag. His neck is bound up in bloo cotton; with clumsy fingers, he tears strips from his shi and wraps them around his middle. Hearing something, he pauses. A low MOAN rises up from somewhere - and the house breathes its mournful sigh. Caught in a sourceless breeze, Doctor looks wildly around terrified at what might come next.