0) 2) dialog: The first time I saw a ghost, I was ten. It was my Mother's- * The coffin passes before the child's pale face.
0) 3) dialog: At that age, I barely understood what had happened. She had died of Cholera- * (beat) And on account of her disease, Father * ordered that the casket remain closed... As the coffin is lowered unto the earth- *
1) 0) text: A coffin-like grandfather clock is TICKING in an enormous gas-lit bedroom. Shadows seem to swallow up the girl's * collection of dolls and books. Snowflakes drift past the tall windows, little Edith lies bed, staring at the wall. Her EYEGLASSES are on the bedsi table. (CONTINUED)
1) 2) dialog: .--.So there was really no last glimpse. No goodbye. (pause) That is, until she came back. The clock stops ticking, the gas lamps go dark and the floorboards CREAK. There's a rustle of silk as- - a translucent tracery of cobweb ectoplasm crosses the room, its desiccated feet not touching the ground. The bed curtains move and the bedsprings sink down. Edith freezes, her eyes wide, her head turned away. She hears a low, asthmatic sigh. A shimmering hand caresses the child's hair. Finger bones are visible. In the dark, a glimpse of a tormented face..
1) 3) dialog: -.-and I heard her voice. A throatless whisper, low and grave and full of earth. Her words seared my memory as if with fire...
1) 5) dialog: Then she was gone. (pause) It would be years before I again heard a voice like that - or saw a dead thing come to life. But see it I did... and the horror hidden in her whispered warning would change my life forever.
3) 0) text: Sitting alone among the elegant PATRONS, Edith leafs thro a thick, handwritten MANUSCRIPT, making last-minute corrections. At the next table, the dowager MRS. WALKER and her chubby daughter EUNICE are gossiping with a group of vivacious women.
3) 7) text: Edith closes her book and looks at Society Girl 1.
3) 8) dialog: A Baronet is a minor aristocrat. An opportunist. A man who lives off land that others work for him.
3) 10) dialog: That is so.
3) 15) dialog: No, it wouldn't. Edith takes off her glasses and gets up to leave. Her dre and scarf are a sombre black and navy blue silk.
3) 18) dialog: (walking away) Thank you, Sally. But I would prefer Mary Shelley. And, Eunice? You don't look at all like a Burne-Jones. Not languid enough.
3) 19) text: An enormous LOBBY, bustling with activity. Carrying her Manuscript, Edith approaches a reception desk where a GUA directs her to an elevator. CAMERA LINGERS on a STATUE of man, pensive and reading, surrounded by a pile of books. This is a likeness of MR. OGILVIE.
4) 0) text: In the same exact position as the statue, SAMUEL OGILVIE grunts with displeasure as he leafs through Edith's work. Edith discreetly uses her glasses to see what page he's o
5) 0) text: A beautiful dining room, with damask wallpaper and art nouveau sconces. Edith sits across from her FATHER, CARTE CUSHING (almost 60 now.) His beard is streaked with gray.
5) 1) dialog: After skimming a single chapter, Father.
5) 3) dialog: It's not a ghost story. (CONTINUED)
5) 6) dialog: Father. It's a... conduit- (off her father's look) -a pretext, to talk about spirituality. The ghost acts as a metaphor-
5) 8) dialog: Ogilvie said it needed a love story. Can you believe that?
5) 10) dialog: What?
5) 12) dialog: No!- Why? Why must a woman always write about love? Stories of girls in search of the ideal husband - or the man who eludes them?? Is there nothing else? Her father stares at her blankly.
5) 15) dialog: You will not. (CONTINUED)
5) 18) dialog: No- * (beat) * I have to do it myself. With my words on the page! Since I'm not "beautiful" - or "graceful" - or "charming"...
5) 20) dialog: The words have to do it. All I have are * words... and they will find their way into print. You'll see. In the meantime you just have to hear me complain... He smiles and pats his daughter's cheek.
7) 0) text: In the large, busy outer office, a scowling Edith is sitt at someone's desk, fingers pecking on a newfangled Underw typewriter.
7) 3) dialog: Automatic. Such a horrid word, isn't it? Everything is automatic now... But - (looking at the page) -it does look stronger than longhand. (CONTINUED)
7) 6) dialog: I'm not sure I want to save time at all. What would I do with it? THOMAS SHARPE, 38, enters. He's a well-dressed, handsome Englishman and carries a WALKING STICK and a MAHOGANY BOX Edith is too engrossed in her letter to notice him.
7) 9) dialog: Goodness. With the great man, himself?
7) 12) dialog: You're not late, are you? He hates that.
7) 14) dialog: Oh - I'm afraid he hates that, too. Sharpe leans a bit closer.
7) 17) dialog: A monster.
7) 19) dialog: He pays me nothing.
7) 22) dialog: He's just behind you, sir. to find Carter Cushing approaching, hand
7) 25) dialog: We've just met, father. (to Sharpe) It was a pleasure to make your acquaintance, Sir Thomas. I hope the great man treats you well. She smiles sweetly at Sharpe, who looks abashed but pleas 10. INT. CONFERENCE ROOM — DAY The conference room overlooks the railyard. A dozen BANKE and INVESTORS sit at Cushing's table. Amongst them, an elderly attorney - WILLIAM FERGUSON. Sharpe's mahogany box rests near a stack of topographical maps and production charts. Alongside, a small alcohol la heats a miniature, nickel-plated boiler. He shows the from hand to
7) 56) dialog: I knew just how he felt, this fellow dreamer, when I saw him facing defeat. Sharpe turns and meets Edith's eyes. She darts out of sig
8) 0) text: Edith sits at her desk, writing in her diary. Behind her, a framed CHILD'S DRAWING of a ruddy mountain thrusting up into a blue-black sky. The schoolgirl letter beneath it reads: C-R-I-M-S-O-N P-E-A-K. The room is a bohemian hodgepodge of books, paintings, ru and tapestries.
8) 1) dialog: Over the next few days, Sir Thomas Sharpe walked the muddy, torn-up streets of Boston in search of an investor. I, meanwhile, had found inspiration.
9) 0) text: Edith stealthily follows Thomas Sharpe through a series o rejections: AT THE BANK, she observes through an open door. AT A GENTLEMANS' CLUB she peers through a window. AT A MEETING HALL he is, again, sent away.
9) 1) dialog: I would rethink my book. I would try my hand at romance after all. For the first time the genre appealed to me. Sharpe finally reaches a deserted alley. Exhausted and furious, he throws down his papers and the mahogany box. Once he's gone, Edith steps out from hiding and looks at smashed MINIATURE and the multitude of gears spilled on t ground. 14.
10) 0) text: At the mirror in his front hall, Carter Cushing checks hi white tie and tails. As a SERVANT brings him his hat and coat, Edith enters, wearing a simple house dress.
10) 2) dialog: You know I can't bear such things.
10) 4) dialog: You mean Thomas Sharpe?
10) 6) dialog: I found him interesting, it's true. Like a character, in a play.
10) 8) dialog: Nobody's swooning. But tell me: were his ideas so outrageous as to merit such a quick dismissal?
10) 13) dialog: (rolls her eyes) I know, Father- he's got such a firm handshake... The servant opens the door and shows in DR. ALAN McMICHAE 31, a serious, bearded internist. He, too, is in formal wear. Cushing dons
10) 15) dialog: Good evening, Alan. My, don't we look smart.
10) 19) dialog: You lads will have much more fun without me. (to Dr. McMichael) Don't let him drink too much. (to her father) And no pontificating, brawling or flirting, either. No matter how fetching the ladies. his hat and coat.
11) 0) text: Edith sprawls on her bed, engrossed in a thick book reple with maps of England.
11) 1) dialog: I was busy reading about iron mining in * the North of England. * Outside, RAINDROPS spatter the windows. Sharpe's half- assembled MINIATURE DRILL stands on the desk. Edith turns a page and stumbles upon an old engraving of mining operation in Cumberland.
11) 2) dialog: And I found the Sharpe mines, in a barren landscape at the base of a mountain... * Outside, a distant RUMBLE of thunder. And behind her - th miniature steam drill tumbles off the desk and crashes to the floor. * Edith leaps to her feet. The mirrored door to an ARMOIRE
11) 3) text: opens and something recedes into a darkness. Only the hem a dress is visible. Edith recognizes it.
11) 4) dialog: (whisper) Mother-? She approaches the corner and descries the rippling shape a WOMAN - shadow upon shadow. A cadaverous FACE seems to emerge from the darkness, with enormous eyes, wet with tears. * As Edith suppresses a scream - a TAP on the door and a MA SERVANT leans in.
11) 9) dialog: Nothing. You - you startled me, that's all.
11) 11) dialog: Thomas Sharpe? At this hour?? It's out of * the question, Annie. *
11) 13) dialog: Good evening, Mr. Sharpe. Father's not home, I'm sorry to say.
11) 15) dialog: But that's in Roxbury. This is Back Bay. You're very much off course.
11) 17) dialog: Miss Eunice Walker, I believe, will be waiting for you. With open arms. (CONTINUED)
11) 22) dialog: (smiling now) Help with what?
11) 24) dialog: I don't know, Mr. Sharpe. Tonight's already been somewhat... strange. For whatever reason, I'm seeing things.
12) 0) text: All of Boston society is seated in a ballroom where a pia recital is underway. In the audience: Eunice Walker, her mother and Society Girls 1 & 2. At the keyboard is a striking blonde WOMAN with chiseled features and an intense air of concentration. This is LUCILLE SHARPE, 40, Thomas' sister. She concludes a brilliant Chopin Polonaise and stands to acknowledge the APPLAUSE. Eunice brings her an armful of roses; they exchange warm kisses to renewed applause and approving murmurs. Taking a final bow, Lucille's expression darkens: her brother has entered the room, accompanied by a transforme Edith. (CONTINUED)
12) 6) dialog: Nothing, father. I'm just more pliable than you. Dr. McMichael approaches, dazzled by her appearance.
12) 7) dialog: Hello, Alan. May I introduce Sir Thomas Sharpe? (to Sharpe) This is Dr. McMichael. The man to see in Boston if you're feeling poorly.
12) 9) dialog: He's brilliant. If you have aches and pains- Dr. McMichael lowers his head, even more disappointed at this.
12) 18) dialog: It's in Northern England, Mrs. Walker, made famous by Mr. Wordsworth. (CONTINUED)
12) 24) dialog: Word travels quickly in Boston. Among the young females, anyway.
12) 26) dialog: It is your brother, Miss Sharpe, who sought me out. Left to my own devices, I avoid parties like this and the waspish women who flourish here. A small string ORCHESTRA starts playing a stately passacaglia; floor. Thomas frees the servants clear the chairs from the dance himself from the girls and bows to Edith. Mrs. Walker and Eunice look on, losing all hope.
12) 30) dialog: I'm not much of a dancer, Mr. Sharpe.
12) 34) dialog: I - I'm sorry. I told you I was seeing things tonight. The guests keep moving while the music lasts, each one guarding his or her flame jealously. Its a game, not unli "musical chairs." Suddenly the MUSIC stops. JOYOUS CHAOS. Everybody covers own candle while trying to blow out others! The last pers holding a lit candle will win. The two circles shrink accordingly. The dancing resumes.
12) 35) dialog: Look at all those long faces. Eunice, my father... and your sister.
12) 39) dialog: Maybe it was a mistake, letting you drag me out here. Mrs. Walker looks furious-
12) 41) dialog: And if I close them, what? They won't see me?
13) 0) text: A SERVANT places a breakfast tray on a table in Edith's bedroom. Edith, in a dressing gown, is scribbling away, w a growing stack of manuscript pages at her elbow.
13) 1) dialog: So, a new book took shape. All about a young man's quest to fulfill the legacy of a once-great family. I'd never thought much about the travails of the well-born. Fortunately, Sir Thomas delayed his departure, again and again... + eH (CONTINUED)
14) 0) text: Edith and Sharpe are picnicking on the banks of the Charl River. As Sharpe reads a few pages of Edith's manuscript.
14) 2) dialog: Of course he does. He's haunted by his ancestors. You'll see.
14) 4) dialog: No ghosts this time. I've banished them from my fiction. But they have visited me, they really have... He takes a snapshot of Edith with a KODAK BROWNIE BOX
15) 0) text: At an exhibition of French Symbolist paintings, Edith and Sharpe stop to admire a strange, dreamlike work by Odilon Redon.
15) 1) dialog: Why should it be so hard to believe? If one goes by experience and testimonies more people have seen Ghosts than kangaroos. And yet we firnly believe in Kangaroos. Sharpe laughs and brings up his Kodak... CLICK!
16) 0) text: In the park, a BRASS BAND is playing a Sunday concert. Dozens of well-dressed Bostonians are seated on lawn chai enjoying some John Philip Sousa. Edith and Sharpe stand off to one side, in the shade of a elm tree. As he takes another SNAPSHOT: (CONTINUED)
16) 5) dialog: To my mind certain dismal places - houses, castles, battlefields - they can store and preserve the pain of their deceased inhabitants. Like a wax cylinder and its recorded voices...
16) 7) dialog: Stop laughing at me! That is the whole point some people can "play back" those images and sounds- some others don't have the sensibility- Sharpe notices a couple of familiar faces in the crowd.
16) 9) dialog: They have. And hope springs eternal. Come, we'll join them- Eunice can teach me how to charm-— Sharpe takes her by the arm, leading her to the exit.
17) 0) text: A STEAM LOCOMOTIVE is trundling through the freight yard below, its bell CLANGING in the darkness. Edith is alone at Jane's desk, typing up the latest chapt of her manuscript. Ready to go home, her father emerges f his office and sits down, regarding her as she works. Whe she pauses:
17) 9) dialog: Let me assure you, father: Thomas Sharpe is a literary godsend. Nothing more.
17) 11) dialog: What of it? I owe him a debt of gratitude.
18) 0) text: The greenhouse is an elegant edifice of glass and steel, lush with flowers. Edith smiles as TWO SERVANTS set out a afternoon tea on a table near the entrance.
18) 1) dialog: It's all beautiful. Where is Mr. Sharpe?
27) 0) text: Chattering happily, the guests mingle in the sumptuous parlor. Sharpe approaches Edith.
27) 1) dialog: So - you are leaving us now. You might have told me.
27) 3) dialog: Nothing. I see. He hands over her manuscript.
27) 5) dialog: And??
27) 7) dialog: Thank you. (CONTINUED)
27) 11) dialog: Pray, elaborate...
27) 13) dialog: But we want to know if she's going to find his letter-
27) 15) dialog: It's not the tale, Mr. Sharpe but how you tell it-
27) 17) dialog: (aghast) I thank you, then, for your frankness, sir... Sharpe goes on, struggling with himself but unable to sto
27) 19) dialog: Stop- let me be- (CONTINUED)
27) 23) dialog: Enough. You've made yourself more than plain.
28) 0) text: It's late and dark. Edith lies in bed, wiping at her tear The floorboards creak softly. The curtains move and the bedsprings go down. Edith freezes, her eyes wide, her hea turned away. Her father's hand caresses her hair.
28) 2) dialog: Good night, Father. I love you - but good night- The old man leaves her.
30) 0) text: Edith walks through the stacks of the Boston Public Libra checking some Dewey decimal numbers scrawled on the last
30) 6) text: This time, Edith sees a once-beautiful face, which is now decomposing horror. Edith drops the book and flees. *
31) 0) text: Edith runs down a busy dock, pushing her way through a cr of STEVEDORES and waving FAMILIES. But it's too late. By the time she arrives at the gangpla the Majestic has set sail. She stands there, panting, defeated, watching the UNION J on its stern receding. But little by little she becomes aware of another presenc standing close by. It's Sharpe. Disturbed, flustered, Edith backs away. He follows closel
31) 2) dialog: When, then? When do you leave? (CONTINUED)
31) 6) dialog: What do you mean? If you don't know, who does?
31) 8) dialog: And what about my book? Is it so awful?
33) 0) text: Edith and Sharpe are in the taxi, locked in a passionate embrace. A sudden KNOCK on the window... Ferguson, the LAWYER- opens the door. Edith takes one look at him and knows something terrible happened.
34) 0) text: A CORONER leads Edith, Sharpe and Ferguson down a hospita corridor. Dr. McMichael appears behind them, hurrying to catch up.
35) 0) text: They have gathered around a draped cadaver on a steel tab The coroner pulls back the sheet, hiding the corpse from CAMERA, but revealing it to Edith. She fights back her tears as Sharpe comes alongside, steadying her. The coroner addresses them.
35) 4) dialog: Get away from him- This is my father- my- father- my father. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
35) 7) dialog: He - he- is turning sixty next week - and he is- he is afraid of it showing- (breaks) Afraid of looking his age, you see? She struggles to go on.
35) 8) dialog: That's why he- he dresses so well- That's why he swims every day- that's why- He loves taking long walks with me- He loves it- He loves me- (beat) And now I am alone. And as she says this, she finally crumbles.
36) 0) text: Once again, Edith is in black and surrounded by mourners the Cushing burial plot. A fresh grave lies open next to mother's granite tombstone. As the REVEREND reads a passage from the Bible (MOS), Edi leans on Sharpe's arm. A large DIAMOND RING sparkles on h finger. A bereft-looking Dr. McMichael is standing in the crowd, staring fixedly at Sharpe. It's a duel- but then, with a gentlemanly tip of Dr. McMichael's hat, it's over. Before the diggers close up the grave, Edith steps forwar and drops Cushing's pocket watch onto the coffin.
36) 1) dialog: Within a few short weeks, the very same guests who mourned my father's passing attended my wedding at Trinity Church...
37) 3) dialog: .--.and then, setting sail with Thomas I felt...
38) 1) dialog: .-.that by his side I could face any horror in the world. And I would - in time - face all of them. Edith emerges from the bathroom, her body backlit through sheer negligée. As she slips into bed, Sharpe places a wooden case by her side.
38) 2) dialog: What pray tell is that?
38) 4) dialog: What - ? Sharpe proceeds to unlock the case.
38) 6) dialog: (bursts out laughing) Oh, how perfect! (kissing him) Thank you, Thomas, I love it! Shall I try it out? Right now -?
40) 0) text: A Rochet-Schneider HORSELESS CARRIAGE putters over the barren, snow-covered hills of rural Cumberland. No one el is on the road; a few woolly sheep browse the icy slopes. Sharpe is at the wheel, with Edith sitting beside him, wrapped in furs and a lap blanket. At a lonely crossroads, they make a turn, following a lin of power poles. A weathered signpost reads: SHARPETON. 5
41) 2) dialog: "Always Stubborn..?"
41) 10) dialog: What on earth? Was he speaking German?
41) 16) dialog: But - it's beautiful! Did you make it yourself?
41) 18) dialog: Was he always like that?
41) 21) dialog: But it's enormous!
41) 23) dialog: And who is this? You never told me about him! (laughing) Or is he a she? Sharpe's chuckle is awkward, almost confused. SOMETHING's WRONG: he hadn't expected this.
42) 0) text: Sharpe unlocks the massive, oaken front door and Edith pe uncertainly into the foyer. She shrieks as Sharpe playful grabs her around the waist and lifts her through the port The dog barks in excitement as he carries her inside. Setting her down...
42) 5) dialog: Lucille? The woman's pince-nez glasses gleam; a diamond RING flash on her finger. The dog GROWLS. Just then, the wall sconces blaze up in a warm and cheerf light. Sharpe reappears, wiping his hands on a rag. (CONTINUED)
42) 10) dialog: I saw somebody -
42) 12) dialog: Wh- where's your sister? Sharpe presses a brass CALL BUTTON. Somewhere below, machinery WHIRS. CABLES move.
42) 20) dialog: Lady Sharpe, do you take milk or lemon? Won't you try a nice, warm scone? She becomes aware of a few drowsy HOUSEFLIES vibrating - agonizing - on the windowsill. She opens the window and shoos them outside, catching sig of Sharpe headed for a garage at the side of the house. * With a grin, she opens her mouth to call out to him. But-
42) 25) dialog: (relieved) Lucille! We've been- The elevator door opens revealing... * .-.a walking horror with wild grey hair tumbled over nake
42) 28) dialog: Who was that -? Oh, my God, Thomas - Who, * in God's name is that woman                        ! Who is in this house?
42) 30) dialog: Not Lucille! Someone else, just now! And - (pointing) - she came up on that - you saw it coming up, the elevator...! Sharpe puts his hands on her shoulders and smiles.
42) 32) dialog: Look - it tore my blouse, I felt it!
42) 35) text: Edith looks at her reflection.
42) 36) dialog: No - that's not it. Thomas, I - I'm scared-
43) 3) dialog: I want to leave, please. This - this is one of those places, I can feel it- a container, full of souls in pain, hateful creatures...
43) 6) text: He centers the lever and the elevator gently stops. He op the door, revealing the dark shape of another WOMAN. Edith leaps back - !
44) 11) dialog: (bracing up) Piffle. I've gone mad. It never happened.
44) 13) dialog: Not a bit. (CONTINUED)
44) 21) dialog: I need a proper welcome, that's all! Here, Lucille - give me a kiss. She embraces her sister-in-law.
44) 22) dialog: (kissing Lucille) From this day forward, this house will contain nothing but warmth, friendship and love. I hereby banish all shades of melancholy. Away, you ghosts. Begone, dull care Over Edith's shoulder, Sharpe locks eyes with Lucille.
45) 0) text: In a raised bay in the Sharpe library, Lucille is seated a GRAND PIANO, playing with her usual concentration. Sipping a BRANDY, Edith strolls around the magnificent double-height room, which is crowded with books and glass cabinets. Oil portraits stare down from the walls; stuffe animals mingle with other souvenirs of a well-traveled family. A stained-glass window bears a family coat-of-arms: "Semp Pertinax."
45) 2) dialog: I do... it's almost a church...
45) 10) dialog: Lucille, what is the dog's name? I seem to have a new and faithful companion- Lucille's eyes are closed as she plays the Chopin.
45) 12) dialog: And these books... are in German-? Lucille stops her piano playing.
45) 14) dialog: A few words, that's all.
45) 18) dialog: And the piano? Lucille, is this where you learned to play?
45) 23) dialog: But why? Such a cruel thing - whose idea was that?
45) 26) dialog: (looking around) What in God's name...?
45) 28) dialog: Can something be done about it? I've had more than enough scares already, thank you.
45) 31) dialog: Lucille: you look so like her.
45) 36) dialog: May I ask, how did she die?
45) 38) dialog: And your father? Was he already dead?
45) 40) dialog: How sad, for both of you! Just think how * happy he'd be to see you now, all grown * up with a blushing bride at your side. * She kisses him, then realizes that Lucille has left the room.
46) 0) text: Sharpe pokes up the fire, then gets into bed, where Edith propped up on pillows, reading FERGUSON'S LETTER.
46) 2) dialog: Probate is almost complete. The house and its contents are sold. The bank papers will be sent for my signature. (kisses him) I've been practicing my new signature. "Edith Sharpe." Is it a good author's name, Thomas? Or should I publish under Cushing, what do you think?
48) 1) dialog: "Dear Mr. Ferguson: thank you for your * recent letter. Upon receipt of the * documents, I will execute the signature * copies and send them back to your * office." *
49) 0) text: In her nightgown, Edith's at the desk, writing a letter.
49) 1) dialog: "At which point all the stock * certificates, bonds and liquid assets * should be transferred to the account of Lady Edith Sharpe at the Royal Bank of Carlisle." Still in bed, Sharpe stirs, sits up and looks at Edith. W his rumpled hair and sleepy grin, he looks like an impish boy.
49) 3) dialog: Wait for what, my love? Sharpe draws back the down quilt, inviting her to return bed.
50) 0) text: Horse-drawn FARM WAGONS and local PEDESTRIANS crowd the t center on a cold, wet afternoon. Sharpe steers his car to a stop outside a FREIGHT OFFICE the high street. As a SHIPPING AGENT appears to usher him inside, Edith an Lucille exit the car. Lucille disappears into an adjacent DRY GOODS STORE. Edith heads for the POST OFFICE across t street.
51) 0) text: At the counter, the POSTAL CLERK affixes a stamp onto Edith's reply to Ferguson. As Edith counts out some coins the clerk notes her name on the return address.
51) 2) dialog: No, nothing at all. Thank you so much. She tucks the letter into her handbag, then sees a happy Sharpe waving to her from the barn-like freight depot acr the street. a
51) 5) text: INT. DEPOT — DAY At a loading dock, Sharpe proudly shows Edith the content of several OPEN CRATES. Packed in sisal, gleaming GEARS, AXLES and HOSES.
51) 6) dialog: Thomas! Is that the Ore drill - ?
51) 11) dialog: Boston -?
51) 13) dialog: No! You found an investor? Tell me!
55) 0) text: Steam billows in the vast tile bathroom as Edith waits fo the tub to fill with hot water. She opens the envelope fr Leipzig and finds a letter written in German.
55) 1) dialog: (reading) "Mein liebe Eleanor..." Puzzled, she sets it aside, drops her robe and gets into bath. Gazing at the wedding ring on her finger, she grows dreamy, until... -..-she sees a FLY crawling on the window pane. A sudden RASP at the door makes her jump - but it's only dog, scratching. It enters and sits... then turns its hea as the fly zooms past. SNAP! The little dog's jaws click shut on the insect. GUL down it goes. The dog's pink tongue appears, licking its chops. Edith laughs. INT. KITCHEN —- DAY In the cavernous, skylighted kitchen, Lucille is at the stove, which is as large as a hay wagon. Edith enters, the dog in her arms.
55) 2) dialog: Good morning, Lucille!
55) 4) dialog: But that's awful, Lucille - ! I mean, you making my breakfast! Here, let me do something. (CONTINUED)
55) 9) dialog: There. Gone. Where is Thomas? * Lucille's eyes look tired and distant.
55) 11) dialog: Lucille, don't tell me you're a skeptic.
55) 14) dialog: Lucille, I'll not have you cook my meals * and do for me in any other way. Believe it or not, I know my way around a kitchen. Pause. Then, Lucille nods in understanding, brushing back lock of hair.
55) 16) dialog: Soon, we will. Father's assets are being * transferred here. With a house this grand, that money will be put to good, practical use- I think he'd be pleased. Edith checks the fire under one of the cast-iron platters She picks up the coal scuttle. (CONTINUED)
55) 19) dialog: So. Where's the coal kept? No answer from Lucille, whose face has again grown stony.
55) 21) dialog: (nodding) It was in Mr. Ferguson's letter... Thomas hasn't mentioned it? *
56) 0) text: Edith comes down a gloomy, frigid corridor behind the kitchen. A dark SHAPE darts out at her feet: the dog agai It follows Edith to a small door, the entrance to the coa shed.
57) 3) dialog: Where are you..? Come, doggie... A SIGH shakes the spider webs; dead flies drop to the flo In a matter of seconds, it grows dark. Edith looks out th window - at a night sky with scudding moonlit clouds..! Disbelieving, Edith turns around; a cloud of white VAPOR hangs in the air.
58) 0) text: Thomas and Lucille's conversation is interrupted by BARKI The dog charges into the garage, followed by Edith, whose hands and dress are filthy black.
58) 7) dialog: Thomas: I saw a face - a woman, she was alive, not a shadow, not trick of the light -
58) 9) dialog: No, no - it was- a different woman this time. Young. Blind. In moonlight!- A TAP at the door and Lucille enters, carrying a breakfas tray. Edith clings to Sharpe, trying to regain control of herself.
58) 11) dialog: (nodding) I know this much... Lucille sets the tray down on the bed. (CONTINUED)
58) 15) dialog: (shuddering) It wants me out of here. Hands shaking, Edith takes a sip of tea.
58) 17) dialog: What about me? If I can't tell what's * real, how can I stay here? * She puts on a painful smile; her hands are shaking. *
58) 18) dialog: 
59) 5) dialog: They said the arrival of my things from home - my "goods and chattels" Thomas called them - would calm me down. I didn't believe them, but I decided I must try. 65.
60) 0) text: Wrapped in a heavy coat, Edith stands on the front porch surrounded by open crates, sorting through her things as workmen carry lamps and vases inside. The teamster pauses to give Finlay a bottle of whiskey.
60) 4) dialog: (recovering) As a child, I - I had an active imagination. This mountain had to be red, red, red- Fascinated, Finlay seizes Edith by the arm and eagerly pu her along the verandah. (CONTINUED)
60) 11) dialog: It's a coincidence - nothing more -—
61) 0) text: Crimson Peak is a dull, ruddy shape half hidden behind a new, heavy SNOWFALL. * CAMERA BOOMS DOWN to find Sharpe helping Lucille into the motorcar in front of the house. Edith is there to see the off. *
61) 2) dialog: Shh. Stop. I'm going to work like a * scholar. It's high time I got back to the * book. *
62) 0) text: Edith stands in the middle of the coal shed, studying the gloomy corners. Silence. She loads the coal scuttle, takes a defiant last look around, then leaves. Outside, the snow is piling up. The sound of TYPING. *
62) 1) dialog: "My... dear... Eleanor..." * 68.
63) 0) text: The coal fire is glowing. The faithful dog lies at Edith' feet as she types, translating the letter from Leipzig wi the aid of a GERMAN DICTIONARY.
63) 1) dialog: ",.-Why, dear cousin, will you not answer my letters? Your little Lotte must be walking and talking by now... and still, no word of any kind. What are your English relatives doing to you?" Edith lifts her eyes. The oil portrait of the late Lady Sharpe gazes down on her.
64) 0) text: Edith walks through the foyer, glancing up... More barkin from upstairs. She finds herself at the lift. On impulse, she gets in and moves the brass handle to "up CLUNK - the unseen electric motor whines and the cab rais her out of view.
65) 0) text: From the doorway of a wood-paneled STUDY, Edith surveys a workbench strewn with metal parts and blueprints - all relating to Sharpe's miniature steam drill. Edith smiles at the chaos. 69.
65) 4) dialog: There you are! All right, little girl: fetch! Edith throws the rubber ball. With a BARK, the dog takes after it, disappearing into the gloom. (CONTINUED)
65) 7) dialog: Come on, silly. Come on... THUMP... the ball comes bouncing back. Edith moves deeper into the frigid passageway, moving in out of shafts of light from other skylights.
65) 8) dialog: Here, girl. Here..? She passes a stack of BRICKS, large GLASS BOTTLES filled with roofing nails, an old wicker WHEELCHAIR... and final reaches a rusty iron door only three feet high. Hearing SCRATCHING on the other side, she kneels down and tries the handle: it won't move.
65) 9) dialog: How did you get in there?! The SCRATCHING becomes intense, frenzied. Edith looks dow and realizes the dog is sitting alongside her - !! Flesh crawling, she gathers up the dog and runs.
66) 0) text: Reaching the double doors, she glances back. Something small and skeletal is coming, scuttling over th floor, in and out of the light. It's a bony HAND! The jar of nails EXPLODES! The pile of bricks tumbles over... Edith slams the doors and throws the lock. She backs away but, like a spider, the fingers wriggle out from under th door..!
66) 2) dialog: Down, dammit! Down!! Finally, the cab jerks, sways, and starts moving - (CONTINUED)
66) 5) dialog: No! Desperate, Edith pulls on the control handle - to no avai
69) 0) text: Finally, a gentle BUMP as the elevator stops. The HAND dr off the glass and withdraws. Edith puts down the dog and tries the lever, but the elevator won't budge.
70) 0) text: Edith's groping fingers encounter a light switch. She twi the knob and a few brownish bulbs come on. Inky tunnels are everywhere, like an enlarged termite nes No movement, no sound except for the distant DRIP of wate Edith starts down steep, rickety steps, which creak in protest.
72) 8) dialog: Oh, my God- A thin, malevolent WHISPER from the darkness...
72) 10) dialog: Who is it? Show yourself! No answer. Edith frowns: FLIES are buzzing. The dog start to trot forward, into the dark...
72) 11) dialog: (to the dog) No. Stay - ! The dog obeys. Looks up at her.
74) 0) text: A stolid, bearded young man gazes down on Edith. It's Dr. Alan McMichael! Seeing that her eyes are open...
74) 2) dialog: Alan - ? Wh- what are you doing here? Is it-
74) 9) dialog: The dog ran away. I couldn't find it-
74) 11) dialog: She spoke to me -
74) 13) dialog: She knew my name -
74) 16) dialog: (lying back) She looked at me - the ghost - and in her arms- oh, God, she was holding something awful. A dead b- (CONTINUED)
74) 26) dialog: (falling back) I'm dizzy - everything's upside down...
74) 30) dialog: They don't exist, I know. Until one day, they do. Given enough time in this house, Alan, I swear, even you- with a gentle smile.
74) 32) dialog: I can't believe you're actually here. Is everything all right?
74) 34) dialog: What are you talking about? Tell me now. I can't just lie here - !
74) 36) dialog: Oh, God, Alan.
74) 40) dialog: What sort of facts? (no answer) I love him, he's more than I ever wished for, he's my life now-
79) 0) text: Edith opens her eyes as Sharpe enters, pushing the wicker WHEELCHAIR. Lucille follows, carrying a BREAKFAST TRAY. (CONTINUED)
79) 5) dialog: I never moved!
79) 8) dialog: Tell me. Were there other children living here? Within the last few years?
79) 11) dialog: Was her name Eleanora Schott?
79) 16) dialog: Her things are here in the house. I saw a book - but the date was 1897... just three years ago.
79) 18) dialog: And Pamela Upton? Margaret McDermott? Who are they?
79) 22) dialog: Thomas. I - I feel such a fool. Snooping in the basement, dredging up sorry things. I will not ruin everything! I promise. (CONTINUED)
79) 26) dialog: My God- I'm so sorry! What happened? Sharpe returns to her and sits on the edge of the bed.
79) 30) dialog: (studying his face) No, no. Once, I would have given anything to live among spirits. To commune with them, to be brave and not run away.
79) 32) dialog: Now... I have you. Send them on their way, Thomas, if you can. It is I who belong here, not them.
79) 34) dialog: Different from whom?
81) 0) text: The elevator descends and stops. Edith is on board. She glides ghost-like down inky tunnels deep underground. Her eyes are closed; her hair billows, as if underwater. Gaping HOLES and CRACKS pass below her bare feet - but sh floats over them, her nightgown swirling. Magically, Edith is in a...
82) 0) text: Edith wakes up. Weak sunlight filters in from behind the heavy drapes, which have been drawn tight.
83) 0) text: Edith is bent over the toilet, vomiting. She straightens up and tries to clear her head, pausing a the sink to take a few swallows of water. She stops as she catches sight of her reflection in the mirror. (CONTINUED)
83) 3) dialog: No - no... She brushes against a naked WRAITH - the walking corpse o young woman whose face is half-hidden behind a curtain of black hair. The awful thing reaches for Edith, but - - both her arms are chopped off at the elbow!
84) 0) text: Again, Edith wakes up. This time for real. She looks arou alone in her room. Trembling, she flings off the bed cove and gets to her feet. She's clumsy, teetering on her plaster cast, dizzy from t ingested drug.
84) 1) dialog: Thomas?!
85) 0) text: A muttering, hideous SHAPE is rolling through the shadows the upstairs corridor. It's Edith, in the wheelchair. Weak and disoriented, she stops; her head lolls... a MOAN breaks the silence. Another MOAN... Down the hall, sitting outside Lucille's room, is the dog.
85) 5) dialog: Who are you? Who are you, really?
85) 7) dialog: You're not his sister! Lucille slaps her again and forces more liquid down.
88) 0) text: The bedroom is dark. Lying under the covers, barely movin Edith hears the distant voices, as if in a dream.
88) 1) dialog: (raising herself up) Alan - ? Across the room, the dog is alert, tail thumping. Edith looks at the open door, then reaches for the rubber ball on the night stand. With supreme effort, she rolls i into the hallway. It almost reaches the stairs when the dog scampers and - brings it back!
88) 2) dialog: No - no... Fighting off nausea, she again picks up the ball. Throws it... (CONTINUED)
89) 5) dialog: Help- help me- take me away... Dr. McMichael picks up the brown bottle, checks the liqui
89) 9) dialog: Now! You must -! You don't understand-! I can walk!
89) 11) dialog: The wheelchair, then- Lucille appears in the doorway. Dr. McMichael changes his demeanor.
91) 0) text: Sharpe enters the bedroom and finds Edith seated in the wheelchair. Dr. McMichael stands behind her.
94) 0) text: A WHIP cracks... the horse-drawn sleigh yaws into view, skidding down the abandoned main street of Sharpeton. Edith hauls on the reins, stopping at Finlay's hovel.
94) 1) dialog: Mr. Finlay!! She gets down from the driver's bench, barely able to sta Gripping a tumble-down fence for support -
94) 2) dialog: Mr. Finlay -? Finlay's sheepdog appears in the doorway.
95) 0) text: Edith hobbles inside and looks around. The hut's a mess; meagre coal fire is smoking on the grate. Her foot knocks whisky bottle across the floor.
95) 1) dialog: Wake up! Come on - She shakes a lump in the bed... it's a pile of old clothe Suddenly, Finlay is standing in the doorway and cradling of the lambs.
95) 3) dialog: Yes! That's right! Take me to town, Mr. Finlay!? Can you do that?
96) 0) text: Edith's eyes open; she's back on the sleigh, with Finlay driving now. The horse trots along smoothly... they're making good time. She glances behind - no one's following them.
96) 1) dialog: Mr. Finlay - I'm not Eleanora Schott. * Fraulein Eleanora... do you understand
96) 5) dialog: You saw this baby? They showed you?
96) 7) dialog: (confused) Where?
97) 3) dialog: (to Lucille) You - you - you're his wife, aren't you!?-
97) 11) dialog: That's not true.
97) 13) dialog: - Boston.
97) 15) dialog: And your mother? You killed your own mother...
97) 23) dialog: Stop. Stop. I - I can't bear it. Very well. I'm ready.
100) 0) text: Edith is signing her name on page after page.
100) 4) dialog: What about my father?
102) 0) text: Edith has dragged herself to the window. Grabbing the curtain, she hauls herself upright. Then she pulls up on sash with all her might. It moves an inch; Edith pauses, staring out at - - Crimson Peak. Redder than ever. She tries again. The window moves some more. CLACK-! The doorknob turns... Sharpe enters bearing a tra with the teapot, cup and saucer. Edith turns to face him.
102) 1) dialog: You'll tell me now: was it the money? Only that? Sharpe busies himself with pouring the tea.
102) 3) dialog: And the child? Your child?
102) 7) dialog: No. Not mercy. Greed. You killed for money. One after the other, you met and married them... and then... my turn came. Is that it, Thomas? No answer. She throws the poisoned tea in his face.
102) 8) dialog: Why? Why must we all die? For your land, your property -? For your name?? He turns away, wiping at his eyes -
102) 10) dialog: Tell me! For... her? Again, Sharpe can't answer.
102) 11) dialog: You were only a boy... how old -? Were you so alone..?
102) 13) dialog: Why her-?
102) 15) dialog: But not me. She puts on her glasses and takes a few faltering steps. catches hold of her arm, but she tears free.
102) 16) dialog: I can walk -! She throws a coat over her shoulders. (CONTINUED)
102) 19) dialog: For all your words, the truth is plain enough. You're free of her and she's helpless without you. (pause) Now. You're going to help me. Down those stairs, out the front door - then into town. They look at each other for a long moment. Edith has no i what he'll do. Finally:
102) 22) dialog: There's no time-
104) 0) text: Edith leans out into the corridor. She hobbles to the railing and looks down past the grand staircase into the foyer below. The distant CRASH of glassware. A GROAN.
104) 2) dialog: (backing away) Thomas -? The lift stops; the doors open and Sharpe is there. (CONTINUED)
104) 5) dialog: Thomas- He hands her the bank papers.
105) 0) text: Fearing the worst, Edith watches the ground floor getting closer and closer. She reaches past Sharpe and centers th control lever. The lift comes to a perfect stop. She turns to Sharpe, bu he's slumped over now. When she pushes open the doors, he tumbles out onto his back, dead. Edith limps through the gloomy foyer to the -
107) 0) text: The lift stops one floor below. Edith sees Lucille coming She pushes the lever again: DOWN. BAMMM!!! The elevator doors shudder as Lucille pounds the Edith watches in horror as the woman cracks open the door and pins Edith's face against the mirrored back wall. The flailing knife cuts Edith's blouse and arms, but ina second she's descending again. There's just enough time f Lucille to snatch off Edith's GLASSES. Slashed, trapped, Edith goes down... down... 109.
109) 0) text: As if possessed, the elevator STOPS at the first mine lev Edith furiously works the DOWN lever just as Lucille agai reaches the doors and tries to pry them open!!! This time Edith jabs with the shovel to break the grip of the clawing hands!! Suddenly, the elevator drops like a stone!!!
110) 0) text: Edith SHRIEKS as the cab hurtles past dim, rocky walls... ..-and jerks to a hard stop, four feet short of the botto SMASH! Edith's head cracks one of the glass panels! As bl streams down her face, she tries the control handle, to n effect. Acting quickly, she forces open the doors, drops the shov and squeezes out the small opening.
111) 0) text: Edith gropes her way down the stairs and turns on the ceiling lights. Behind her, the empty cab goes back up!!
112) 0) text: Once again, Edith enters the pentagonal room. Looks at th crypts, her eyes beseeching...
112) 1) dialog: (whisper) Help me! I understand now. I know who you are..! Her voice echoes off the walls... she hears only the dist elevator cables humming. (CONTINUED)
112) 16) dialog: You've made them suffer enough.
112) 18) dialog: With you gone, they will be free, all of them. Hissing, Lucille raises the knife- Suddenly, Edith's father is there, a plume of blood risin from his head into the air like smoke. Then the shovel clangs against LUCILLE's head!!! Wielded -Edith. The blow sends Lucille stumbling backwards!! Her feet fly as she disappears over the edge of the pit. A final WAIL as she's swallowed up in the darkness. The flickering ghost of Carter Cushing turns toward his daughter. His sad smile is full of love.
112) 19) dialog: Father -!?
112) 23) dialog: (half-blinded) Wait - Father, wait..! But its too late, he's gone. Gradually, the light fades a the diaphanous women recede into the walls. Edith looks down: she's holding the shovel. Edith realizes that Dr. McMichael is leaned up against th rock wall, wrapped in bloody bandages; his face is rigid shock at what he has witnessed. As their eyes meet... She rushes to him and catches him before he collapses.
113) 0) text: Edith limps down a mine tunnel, supporting the barely conscious Doctor. A gust of cold air brushes her cheek. The tunnel slopes upward, toward a glow of daylight.
114) 0) text: The Sharpe mansion is a half mile away. Old sheds and rusted mining equipment poke up from the sn drifts. In the middle of the debris, a tumbled-down MINE ENTRANCE. Edith comes out and approaches CAMERA. Her face is smudge bloodied, but set in determination. She clings to the Doctor, urging him on.
114) 1) dialog: As I left the nightmare behind me, I knew that peace had come to the loving souls who sought only to help me. And damnation would be the fate of the real monsters of * Crimson Peak. * She raises her eyes to the mountain, glowing red under * lowering skies.
114) 2) dialog: It was here that I found myself empty yet * content with the universe. It was here- * in the cold indifference of winter, on the edge of death, that I decided to live once and for all. (CONTINUED)