33) 0) text: Edith and Sharpe are in the taxi, locked in a passionate embrace. A sudden KNOCK on the window... Ferguson, the LAWYER- opens the door. Edith takes one look at him and knows something terrible happened.
34) 0) text: A CORONER leads Edith, Sharpe and Ferguson down a hospita corridor. Dr. McMichael appears behind them, hurrying to catch up.
34) 4) dialog: And I am his lawyer, Dr. McMichael. I am sorry- it's a legal formality. Obligatory, I'm afraid.
35) 2) dialog: Ah. Of course. He slipped. Dr. McMichael gazes intently at the corpse, frowning at w he sees.
46) 0) text: Sharpe pokes up the fire, then gets into bed, where Edith propped up on pillows, reading FERGUSON'S LETTER.
51) 0) text: At the counter, the POSTAL CLERK affixes a stamp onto Edith's reply to Ferguson. As Edith counts out some coins the clerk notes her name on the return address.
53) 0) text: Tea is being served to Dr. McMichael and Ferguson.
53) 1) dialog: It all seems to have ended well enough. Edith seems to have found happiness, don't you agree?
53) 3) dialog: Damn, that's a shame. (pause) Well, I have. (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
53) 6) dialog: Nothing personal, of course. Per her instructions, I'm liquidating all the family assets.
53) 8) dialog: Quite unusual. She may be investing every penny. Those iron mines of his- (speaking quietly) If I might confide-? Dr. McMichael puts down his tea, leaning close. FERGUSON (CONT’D) Before Cushing died, he hired a New York man, a Mr. Holly- very hard to track down. He digs up unsavory facts, haunts places not suitable for a gentleman. The very fact that Holly was involved gives me pause.
53) 10) dialog: Cushing was no fool. And he liked you, Doctor- he did. He always mentioned you as someone worthy of his trust- and his daughter. Ferguson writes something on the back of a card. FERGUSON (CONT’D (CONT’D) Now, it's clear that Cushing had his doubts about Sharpe. I myself would love to visit Edith- wish her the best. Seeing as I have her address... He passes the Doctor the card. FERGUSON (CONT’D) But I am old and tired. A trip like that requires some stamina... (beat) If you are the man Cushing believed you to be... you should be the one making that house call.