41) 7) dialog: Never better, Sir Thomas. I knew it was you a mile off.
41) 9) dialog: I know, I know, milord. You are married. (to Edith) Welcome back, Lady Sharpe! Mein Name ist William, wie sind Sie heute? (he nods, satisfied) There, I learned it! He hurries into one of the stone hovels near the road.
41) 12) dialog: Here, this is for you, mum. Another one.
41) 17) dialog: (nodding) That's little Scrub. She answers to Scrub, she's the baby of the family. Put her with the rest of the flock, they'll treat her right. He touches his cap and Sharpe drives on. As Finlay recede from view:
56) 1) text: INT. GARAGE —- SAME In the cavernous garage, Thomas is crouched beside a stea boiler, fitting a hose to a pressure gauge. The senile shepherd Finlay is there, too, sitting among the crates, singing to himself as he polishes a flywheel. + eH
58) 5) dialog: (doffing his cap) Guten tag, guten tag, alles... INT. BEDROOM —- DAY Edith has taken refuge on the bed, hiding like a child un the quilt. Sharpe is seated alongside her, holding her ha
59) 2) dialog: With more snow coming! (to the teamster) Hello, Malcolm! Anything for me? (CONTINUED)
60) 0) text: Wrapped in a heavy coat, Edith stands on the front porch surrounded by open crates, sorting through her things as workmen carry lamps and vases inside. The teamster pauses to give Finlay a bottle of whiskey.
60) 2) dialog: You're a godsend, Malcolm... In a box full of books, Edith comes upon her framed childhood drawing of Crimson Peak. CRACK!!! The glass in the frame SHATTERS. Edith gasps.. The teamster looks over her shoulder.
60) 7) dialog: Crimson Peak? Come see! * CAMERA DOLLIES with them to reveal the hill behind the * house, which is now snow-covered and glowing like an imme ruby in the morning sun. *
94) 0) text: A WHIP cracks... the horse-drawn sleigh yaws into view, skidding down the abandoned main street of Sharpeton. Edith hauls on the reins, stopping at Finlay's hovel.
95) 2) dialog: That sleigh out there... it came up from town.
95) 4) dialog: Straightaway, I can. As you say, my Lady - jawohl und schnell! Edith is near to fainting; Finlay grabs her before she blacks out. (CONTINUED)
95) 7) dialog: Where's Sir Thomas, then? You need help.
96) 0) text: Edith's eyes open; she's back on the sleigh, with Finlay driving now. The horse trots along smoothly... they're making good time. She glances behind - no one's following them.
96) 4) dialog: (nodding) I saved a lamb for the baby. She was named Mary, after all.
96) 6) dialog: Born in the house, she was. They should have named her Hope. That's what I said, remember? I sat outside, I heard you crying. (looking ahead) Almost there -
96) 8) dialog: Home, my Lady. Whoa -— (he hauls on the reins) Da kommen sie. You'll be all right now. * Sure enough - a CAR HORN from up ahead. It's Sharpe and Lucille, in their motorcar. Coming down f the road to the house, closing in on them.
97) 0) text: The motorcar is parked in the driveway. Finlay is gone. * (CONTINUED)