12) 0) text: All of Boston society is seated in a ballroom where a pia recital is underway. In the audience: Eunice Walker, her mother and Society Girls 1 & 2. At the keyboard is a striking blonde WOMAN with chiseled features and an intense air of concentration. This is LUCILLE SHARPE, 40, Thomas' sister. She concludes a brilliant Chopin Polonaise and stands to acknowledge the APPLAUSE. Eunice brings her an armful of roses; they exchange warm kisses to renewed applause and approving murmurs. Taking a final bow, Lucille's expression darkens: her brother has entered the room, accompanied by a transforme Edith. (CONTINUED)
12) 17) dialog: Ah. That thorny question dates back to before the Norman conquest.
12) 21) dialog: Exactly, Miss Cushing. Although Dove Cottage is a long, long way from where we live. Mrs. Walker takes Sharpe by the arm and leads him away.
12) 23) dialog: (to Edith) All that adoration. He positively basks in it. dart over the room, ready for another
12) 25) dialog: Do you not count yourself among them? Edith hears the woman's delicate sarcasm and finally turn to face her.
18) 3) dialog: This is not what we agreed upon. It is not-
25) 4) dialog: I am.
25) 12) dialog: You made that plain enough to him, sir.
44) 0) text: It's Lucille Sharpe, in gloves and heavy woolens, musteri a chilly smile.
44) 1) dialog: There you are! The two weary travelers. So, Edith, welcome to Cloud Top. Hullo, Thomas - why don't you have a fire going!? (CONTINUED)
44) 5) dialog: In Strathney. Your machine parts are here from Birmingham. Four crates - Fraser needs you to arrange for delivery. I stopped at the Post Office, too. (back to Edith) You have a letter from Boston. Go on, open it. (inspects the envelope) It's from a Mr. Ferguson. Your solicitor. I mean, lawyer, don't I?
44) 7) dialog: Why is that, Edith? What's happened?
44) 9) dialog: (to Edith) And it tore your dress?
44) 12) dialog: You're overtired - after such a long journey..?
44) 20) dialog: You're missing your father, then. My condolences on his passing - so tragic.
44) 23) dialog: Hear, hear. And congratulations, Edith. What a beautiful bride you are. PRELAP: the notes of a Chopin nocturne...
45) 0) text: In a raised bay in the Sharpe library, Lucille is seated a GRAND PIANO, playing with her usual concentration. Sipping a BRANDY, Edith strolls around the magnificent double-height room, which is crowded with books and glass cabinets. Oil portraits stare down from the walls; stuffe animals mingle with other souvenirs of a well-traveled family. A stained-glass window bears a family coat-of-arms: "Semp Pertinax."
45) 11) dialog: The dog... has no name. It's a stray, we have no plans to keep it. The dog leads Edith to a stack of GERMAN BOOKS on the flo She picks one up and looks at the flyleaf.
45) 13) dialog: Those books belonged to a house guest. Do you read German, Edith?
45) 15) dialog: (to Sharpe) I've been wanting to donate them to the local library, haven't I, Thomas-? No reason to keep them here.
45) 19) dialog: Not really. I was sent away. We both were, in actual fact. Separated. Edith is puzzled; she looks at her husband. (CONTINUED)
45) 30) dialog: It never bothered me. You know, I'm the practical one, like Mother. Edith looks back at the portrait.
45) 32) dialog: (bursts out laughing) What an imagination you have, Edith! (MORE ) (CONTINUED)
45) 35) dialog: Thomas, isn't that funny? I look like her...
47) 0) text: Lucille lies awake in her bed in a room down the hall, listening to the MOANS of the lovers.
50) 0) text: Horse-drawn FARM WAGONS and local PEDESTRIANS crowd the t center on a cold, wet afternoon. Sharpe steers his car to a stop outside a FREIGHT OFFICE the high street. As a SHIPPING AGENT appears to usher him inside, Edith an Lucille exit the car. Lucille disappears into an adjacent DRY GOODS STORE. Edith heads for the POST OFFICE across t street.
55) 3) dialog: Good morning. I've made porridge, if you'll eat it.
55) 8) dialog: No. And I prefer the dog be kept out of the kitchen. * Edith scoots the dog into the hall, closes the door and smiles politely.
55) 10) dialog: In the garage, assembling that thing of * his. *
55) 13) dialog: It's a pipe dream, an utter waste of money. I long ago accustomed myself to the reality of our situation - Thomas never has. Do you prefer coffee or tea? +e * HF
55) 15) dialog: Forgive me, I'm a sour old thing in the morning. Let me warn you, however: there's more than enough work here for everyone- no servants- we can't afford them.
55) 20) dialog: Edith. Did you tell my brother about this bank transfer?
55) 22) dialog: (dry) No. Not a word.
56) 2) text: Lucille enters, wrapped up in a shawl. Sharpe looks up, surprised.
56) 4) dialog: You and I must talk. We keep nothing from each other, is that not so?
58) 0) text: Thomas and Lucille's conversation is interrupted by BARKI The dog charges into the garage, followed by Edith, whose hands and dress are filthy black.
58) 16) dialog: Nonsense, my dear. Your arrival has brought us hope. *
58) 21) dialog: Never, ever. Cloud Top is your home now. * And as dull as it sounds to the Austrian * alienists, ours is a material world. That * much is indisputable. From the hallway downstairs, there's a BOOMING KNOCK on t front door. A TEAMSTER calls out:
61) 0) text: Crimson Peak is a dull, ruddy shape half hidden behind a new, heavy SNOWFALL. * CAMERA BOOMS DOWN to find Sharpe helping Lucille into the motorcar in front of the house. Edith is there to see the off. *
74) 8) dialog: We'd have been at a loss, Edith. Helpless, especially in this weather! It's a miracle, you were bleeding - a compound fracture -! Dr. McMichael is wiping his hands, which are covered in white plaster. Edith's left leg is encased in a hip-to-an cast. Groggy, Edith looks at them, then blurts out...
74) 12) dialog: Who spoke to you??
74) 19) dialog: Edith. You were mad to go down there! The mine is ill-lit and crawling with vermin... and you used my keys. And the lift. (to Sharpe) You see? It should be disabled, or locked-
74) 21) dialog: Clearly, she didn't understand or didn't care-
74) 25) dialog: We'll leave you, then, Dr. McMichael. With your patient. They leave. Edith brushes away her tears and tries to sit up.
75) 0) text: Snow is still falling. Dr. McMichael climbs into his sleigh and guides it down t driveway as Lucille and Sharpe stand at the door, watchin They go inside and slowly close the door. Prelap PIANO: one of Liszt's Transcendental Etudes.
76) 0) text: Lucille's at the piano, working her way through an especially ferocious passage.
79) 0) text: Edith opens her eyes as Sharpe enters, pushing the wicker WHEELCHAIR. Lucille follows, carrying a BREAKFAST TRAY. (CONTINUED)
79) 1) text: He sits down her. Lucille 80.
79) 4) dialog: So. Did you sleep well?
79) 6) dialog: Good: Now try to eat something. Dr. McMichael's orders. She pours a cup of tea and adds FOUR DROPS from the brown bottle. Sharpe counts them with her: TOO MANY. Their eyes meet -
79) 7) dialog: I've made porridge, as usual. And a fresh pot of tea. Here. Lucille places the tray in front of Edith, who begins to the cereal.
79) 10) dialog: (swiftly) Yes. Yes, one of the housekeepers had a baby. It died. They both died, actually. After leaving the country, more than ten years ago -
79) 12) dialog: Precisely. She was a German woman, highly educated. Of course you remember her, Thomas. How Finlay adored her. (CONTINUED)
79) 19) dialog: My piano students. For a moment I thought I might be cut out for teaching. It was a disaster, I'm sorry to say.
79) 21) dialog: (to Sharpe) Then let's get out of this room and let your darling invalid enjoy her breakfast in peace. Come. As she propels her brother toward the door, Edith pours t cup of tea into a flower vase next to the bed. Not a moment too soon - Sharpe stops and lingers in the doorway. As he turns back...
79) 37) dialog: Maybe she did, maybe not. It doesn't matter. I put half the opium in the porridge.
81) 2) dialog: None of you will ever leave. You'll dwell here in torment, at my pleasure. Edith's eyes fly open as a shining blade pierces her neck A strangled, wet SHRIEK erupts from her lips -
85) 0) text: A muttering, hideous SHAPE is rolling through the shadows the upstairs corridor. It's Edith, in the wheelchair. Weak and disoriented, she stops; her head lolls... a MOAN breaks the silence. Another MOAN... Down the hall, sitting outside Lucille's room, is the dog.
85) 6) dialog: Who do you think?
85) 8) dialog: I am. Edith struggles, reaching for the chair. She tries to cra but Sharpe kneels next to her, holding her down. FADE OUT.
86) 0) text: The snow has stopped. Drifts are everywhere. Lucille opens up to find Dr. McMichael on the doorstep, carrying his black bag and a large book - one of the boun volumes from the local paper. His horse and sleigh are in the driveway.
86) 2) dialog: She's asleep right now, Doctor.
86) 4) dialog: He's gone to the post office. He'll be back shortly.
86) 6) dialog: Dr. McMichael, last night... didn't go well. Edith awakened several times, crying out. We were all of us up til dawn.
86) 8) dialog: No, no. She's finally getting her rest. I wonder, do you have more opium? In the dark, we broke the bottle.
86) 10) dialog: But come inside. There's no reason for you to freeze to death. 89.
87) 0) text: Still in his overcoat, Dr. McMichael is seated on the sof decanting some liquid opium into another small bottle. Lucille tends to the fire and sits opposite him, eyeing t drug.
87) 2) dialog: Oh, she talks of nothing else. Quite the imagination, that one.
87) 4) dialog: You have a taste for fiction, Doctor?
89) 0) text: Dr. McMichael is about to give Lucille the bottle of opiu but almost teasing, he pulls it away.
89) 2) dialog: (thin smile) And her doctor's orders, what of them? As I recall, he was quite insistent on rest and sedation. A moment of silence as they size each other up. Suddenly, the RUBBER BALL bounces down the stairs and int the room. The dog follows, barking happily.
89) 13) dialog: That won't be necessary.
89) 15) dialog: Doctor, we appreciate everything... you coming here so fortuitously, doing what you can. But we have decided to seek the assistance of a bone specialist.
89) 17) dialog: I didn't want to trouble you - or appear unkind. An osteopath is coming from London. Tonight.
89) 19) dialog: In fact, my brother has gone to fetch him at the station.
90) 0) text: Lucille opens the front door. Sharpe is already out of hi car, alarmed at the sight of Dr. McMichael's sleigh.
90) 2) dialog: Half an hour. He won't leave.
91) 9) dialog: (to Sharpe) What are you waiting for?
91) 11) dialog: Enough- BAMM!!! She darts forward and stabs Dr. McMichael in the NECK with a boning knife. Edith screams!!! The Doctor arches back, the knife jutting from under his ear. He staggers out the door, struggling to remove it. (CONTINUED)
92) 0) text: Bleeding profusely, the Doctor gropes his way down the ic covered front stairway. He finally pulls out the knife, t slips and falls. The knife bounces off the stone steps. Rolling over, he sees Lucille coming- calmly picking up t knife. Then Sharpe is there, followed by the excited DOG. The Doctor scrambles backwards, clutching his wound. He points at Lucille.
92) 2) dialog: (to Sharpe) You do this!! Get your hands dirty for a change!
92) 4) dialog: (to Sharpe) I'll deal with him, you said -! You've never done anything for us - look at you!
92) 6) dialog: Do it!!! Sharpe closes in on the wounded man and stabs him in the gut.
93) 0) text: Lucille and Thomas drag Dr. McMichael into the elevator. Lucille goes through the man's pockets and retrieves the opium. Then she steps out, and Thomas takes the elevator down un the house. Once he's gone, Lucille brings out the knife a turns toward the dog.
93) 1) dialog: (sweetly) Come here, doggie. Come along, see what I have. INT. CRYPT —- DAY CAMERA follows a BLOODY SMEAR along the floor of the mine tunnel to the brick crypt, where Sharpe is stuffing Dr. McMichael into a dark corner. He tosses the Doctor's black bag and the bound book of newspapers onto the body and leaves. For several seconds, all is still. Then, very slowly, the Doctor's eyes open. He coughs and a surge of blood rolls over his chin. INT. BEDROOM —- DAY Lucille appears at the bedroom door; in her bloody hands, COIL OF ROPE. She tosses the rubber ball at the back of t wheelchair.
93) 2) dialog: There. I just put a poor creature out of its misery. It was missing its mistress, a certain German woman. She jerks the wheelchair around: empty. She checks the bathroom - Edith is gone. Lucille throws open one of the windows and looks out fron No horse and sleigh! (CONTINUED)
93) 5) dialog: Thomas! !
97) 4) dialog: Why do you say that? Because of what you saw?? Two monsters, naked on the bed? Tell her, Thomas. Tell her - Sharpe calmly walks toward her.
97) 6) dialog: Still the clever one, I see. That's fine. Here, take this. She hands Edith a gold-nibbed FOUNTAIN PEN and plops a he of PAPERS before her. Edith recognizes the documents from Boston that will transfer her fortune to the local bank.
97) 7) dialog: No need to read them. Just sign. Seeing Edith's hesitation -
97) 8) dialog: What are you waiting for? You have nothing to live for. He never loved you. Any of you. He loves only me. (CONTINUED)
97) 12) dialog: It's indisputably true, my dear. The women we found - in London, Edinburgh, Leipzig -
97) 14) dialog: Yes, Boston - all had what was necessary: money, foolish dreams and no living relatives. Mercy killings - all of them. Very well, there was love - one-sided, always - we specialized in provoking it.
97) 16) dialog: (mild) She caught us, one day. We were a bit young, I suppose, but it had started and we couldn't stop. I did kill her. To put an end to her screaming. Lucille collects Edith's unfinished MANUSCRIPT from the f of the bed.
97) 17) dialog: I was sent away. To an institution - She moves to the fireplace and starts throwing the pages into the fire. The burning papers fly up the chimney.
97) 18) dialog: I was only seventeen years old! The world is inhabited by monsters, uncomprehending and unworthy of pity! Edith's not listening; she's looking at the FOUNTAIN PEN, which she holds in her free hand.
97) 19) dialog: (losing patience) Sign your name -! Sign your name!!! Will you sign your bloody name!!! Lucille kneels down on hard on Edith's broken leg. (CONTINUED)
97) 22) dialog: No one hurts me! No one -!! Edith writhes, holding back a scream.
97) 24) dialog: Are you? Show me. Edith starts signing the papers.
97) 25) dialog: (inspecting the signatures) Good. It's almost over now.
100) 1) dialog: There. Now I want you stay on that bed - it will be just like falling asleep. There's no pain, far from it. (CONTINUED)
100) 5) dialog: Ah, of course - you have a right to know. Lucille can't hold back a small smile of triumph.
100) 6) dialog: Such a coarse, condescending man. You should have seen his face when I hit him. STAB!! Edith plunges the pen into Lucille's chest! Lucille lurches, then - WHAM! - cuffs Edith, hard. She te open her dress... Blood pours down her breast and ribs..! She sees a frantic Edith untying her other hand, trying t get to the wheelchair! Snarling, Lucille kicks it away, t exits, slamming and locking the door.
101) 0) text: In the kitchen, a POT OF TEA is steaming. As Sharpe dumps the entire bottle of opium, his skin begins to crawl. He slowly lifts his eyes. The armless DEAD WOMAN is outsi only inches from the window frame!! Crying out, he grabs a chair and hurls it, shattering the glass..! Lucille bursts in, holding a piece of cloth to her wound.
101) 2) dialog: (pushing him aside) I- I'm perfectly well! It's you I'm worried about! She inspects the broken window glass, leans outside to ha a quick look around.
101) 3) dialog: She'll take that tea from you, not me. (CONTINUED)
101) 7) dialog: You'll say anything now, just to keep from going up there and doing what must be done! She slams the signed documents on the kitchen table. A dr of her blood hits the top page, near Edith's signature.
101) 8) dialog: There. It's done.
101) 10) dialog: Why? Why now??
101) 12) dialog: They were all innocent!! Ominous silence.
101) 13) dialog: Have you fallen in love, baby brother?? Is that it?? Have you??
101) 15) dialog: What?
101) 17) dialog: Again-
101) 19) dialog: And -? (CONTINUED)
101) 23) dialog: Only me.
101) 25) dialog: Then kill her.
103) 0) text: Sharpe walks into the deserted kitchen. The bank papers a still on the table. But Lucille steps out from behind a cupboard, holding the boning knife. Her face is contorted with grief.
103) 1) dialog: I thought so. I could see it in your eyes.
103) 3) dialog: What have you told her -? What did you promise her??? A country bungalow?? A rose garden?? Sweet children??
103) 8) dialog: And me?? What happens to me in your happy dreams?? What happens to this house?? To Crimson Peak and the mine?? Or the bodies down there?? Our blood- my fingers, my lips and flesh. Will you forget all that?? She lowers the knife, blinking back tears. Sharpe picks u the papers and reaches out for the knife.
105) 2) dialog: Where do you think you're going? 108.
105) 3) dialog: In no hurry, the knife at her side, Lucille stops and loo at the iron rack near the hearth. Among the fireplace too the SHOVEL is missing.
105) 4) dialog: (calling out) Edith - You wish to hurt me, is that it? Very well - Very carefully, she enters the foyer.
105) 5) dialog: - but I warn you, in this sort of business, I'm far more- THUNK!!! - the shovel swings out from the darkness and smacks Lucille in the face, slamming her against the fron door.
106) 0) text: Lucille runs downstairs as fast as she can, trying to kee up with the elevator.
107) 0) text: The lift stops one floor below. Edith sees Lucille coming She pushes the lever again: DOWN. BAMMM!!! The elevator doors shudder as Lucille pounds the Edith watches in horror as the woman cracks open the door and pins Edith's face against the mirrored back wall. The flailing knife cuts Edith's blouse and arms, but ina second she's descending again. There's just enough time f Lucille to snatch off Edith's GLASSES. Slashed, trapped, Edith goes down... down... 109.
108) 0) text: Lucille crushes the eyeglasses under her shoe. Then she hurries on!!!
109) 0) text: As if possessed, the elevator STOPS at the first mine lev Edith furiously works the DOWN lever just as Lucille agai reaches the doors and tries to pry them open!!! This time Edith jabs with the shovel to break the grip of the clawing hands!! Suddenly, the elevator drops like a stone!!!
112) 5) dialog: There's nowhere to run, Edith.
112) 7) dialog: (weird smile) Yes, that's the way! Do you see it yet? She rounds another corner... her victim is closer now.
112) 8) dialog: The end of our labors, a bottomless place where this family came to nothing. Suddenly, the figure ahead stops short, unable to proceed
112) 9) dialog: Good. You've found it.
112) 11) dialog: You killed him, Edith. And he loved you. Down comes the knife - only to slice into diaphanous, boneless flesh. Smoke wafts from the wounds. The figure turns- a dead baby caught in its hair!!! It's the ghost of the German woman, smiling from ear to e Lucille SCREAMS, suddenly seeing the other dead women arrayed before her, their spectral bodies rigid, their mouths agape. (CONTINUED)
112) 14) dialog: You're dead... you're dead -! - slashing at nothing. Wheezing, exhausted, Lucille realizes that Edith stands among them, calm and unafraid.
112) 15) dialog: Let me pass!
112) 17) dialog: They are nothing! Nothing! Let me pass, I say! Edith comes forward, eye to eye with Lucille.