16) 0) text: The garage door on Doug's house rolls open like a theater curtain, and Doug, wearing the full leather biker getup, idles out of the garage on a gleaming, chromed-out Harley Davidson Fatboy. He looks around the neighborhood cockily, smiles, then kicks the bike into gear and rides into the street. The camera rotates around him and comes to rest on the back of his jacket, where we see a large patch that reads "Wild Hogs." The camera ZOOMS IN ON THIS, and it becomes:
18) 0) text: BOB, in leather biker gear, rolls out of his garage on another shimmering Harley Davidson. He looks around through his mirrored aviator sunglasses like a complete bad ass. He looks down the street and spots DOUG, riding towards him. Bob rides down the driveway and joins alongside Doug. They nod silently to each other and tap fists like the toughest guys in the world. We see Bob is also wearing a "Wild Hogs" jacket.
20) 0) text: We see a garage crowded with disassembled Apple computers, printers, and a Harley Davidson Sportster. Out walks DUDLEY, who's biker outfit doesn't quite mesh with his thick-lensed eyeglasses. Dudley cockily pulls on a "Wild Hogs" jacket, kick starts the motorcycle, presses a button to open the garage door, and rides the motorcycle out. However, as he gets halfway out of the garage, the garage door catches on something, and snaps back down. It clotheslines Dudley off the bike, which rolls down the driveway and into some garbage cans. Dudley lays in the driveway, staring up at the sky with a pained look on his face.
23) 0) text: The guys pull up at a biker-theme bar with a motorcycle mounted above the entrance.
24) 0) text: The guys are sitting at a worn table. The place is crowded with curiously gentle-looking bikers. Woody looks around the bar with a smirk.
24) 7) dialog: 
30) 0) text: It's now pouring rain. The guys ride along in misery, getting soaked. After a moment, the station wagon from before pulls back up to them. The kids are still pressed against the window, staring at the drenched bikers. Bob looks over and tries to give them another cocky nod - but now it's just embarrassing.
38) 0) text: The bar is full of bikers, but not the kind we saw before. These guys are greasy, tattooed and menacing. We see their jackets say "Hells Angels." The bikers turn and stare at WOODY, DOUG, BOB and DUDLEY.
43) 0) text: Jack is playing darts with the other bikers. He goes to throw a dart and hears engines roar past the bar outside.
47) 0) text: JACK, and the other bikers stand by the smoldering pile of wood that was once their bar. OILCAN approaches Jack.
52) 0) text: BOB, DOUG, WOODY and DUDLEY enter, with their motorcycle boots thunking on the wood floor, announcing to the entire diner that there are bikers there.
71) 0) text: Doug wakes up on a cot in an open jail cell. He walks out of the cell, and over to the window. ANGLE ON: The Main Street Diner: The Hells Angels bikes are still parked outside, and the bikers appear to be passed out in various booths, chairs, and the street out front. BACK ON: The police station. Dudley and Bob approach the window.