51) 0) text: The guys pull up to the diner and we see the local pedestrians hustle away. The street is soon deserted, but the guys don't notice. They go to park their bikes, but there's not enough space. There's a police car in the parking spot next to them, and the town sheriff, CHARLEY, comes running towards it from across the street.
51) 1) dialog: I'll move it! Hold on, I'll move it! Charley jumps into the car and backs it out of its spot. The guys look at each other, surprised.
52) 81) dialog: You guys aren't Hells Angels?
52) 84) dialog: Well, sweet Mary Joseph... Welcome to Lucas! I'm the sheriff, Charley Baskins. I keep the peace here.
52) 86) dialog: Well... A non-confrontation approach sometimes is the best method to keep aggression...
52) 88) dialog: I'm an embarrassment. Charley hurries off to the bathroom. The guys look at each other.
53) 0) text: CHARLEY walks through the town square with DOUG, BOB, WOODY and DUDLEY. There's a stage and booths set up around the park in the center - ready for the block party. As the news spreads that the Wild Hogs are friendly, the townspeople start to take to the streets again.
53) 1) dialog: Sorry about all the confusion when you arrived. Those guys are pretty rough. You're the first people to ever stand up to them.
53) 7) dialog: Forget about it. We only have one cripple and he gets pulled around in a wagon. Come on, I want to show you guys something. Charley leads the guys off.
54) 0) text: Charley flips on the light in a neatly organized police garage. In the middle sits a sparkling, unridden Harley Davidson police bike.
54) 7) dialog: Oh, no. The Hells Angels would take it to pieces if they ever saw me on it. I just keep it in here. Polish it and so forth. But I'd never let them see it.
54) 9) dialog: Yeah. They ride into town a few times a month and get drunk, damage property... Basically turn the place upside down.
54) 11) dialog: Well, It's a small town - and me and the Dooble brothers are the only law. And they're still pretty green.
54) 13) dialog: Yeah, I've done that a few times. But the gang is always gone by the time they get here. We've also tried wearing riot gear, which does protect you from being hit, but not from being dragged. Also, one of the Dooble brothers tried to throw tear gas, but the bottle exploded and blew off his ear.
54) 15) dialog: Yeah, he's hard to look at.
54) 24) dialog: And if you're not in a rush to leave in the morning-- We've got a great trout stream you might want to check out.
57) 12) dialog: Howdy, guys! Welcome to the block party! These are my deputies: Earl and Buck Dooble. Earl shakes the guys hands.
57) 21) dialog: Yeah, we got everything here. Good people, good fishing...
57) 23) dialog: Not if they don't have kids, Earl.
57) 35) dialog: Looks like your friend and Maggie are hitting it off.
57) 37) dialog: Well, Maggie's a great woman.
57) 40) dialog: So, why are you guys taking this road trip, anyway?
57) 43) dialog: I know what you mean. Sometimes things in life can bother you, and sometimes nothing in life can bother you. Either way, you've got take a break from it. Happiness is somewhere between boredom and stress. Doug is surprised at Charley's insight. So is Woody.
57) 49) dialog: Old Doug?
57) 52) dialog: 
57) 55) dialog: Slapping the bull is kind of the local test of manhood. It's a way to prove you aren't controlled by fear. We've all done it.
58) 0) text: DOUG, BOB, WOODY, CHARLEY, BUCK and EARL approach a fence surrounding a pasture. Charley smiles.
58) 1) dialog: Here we are. The Lucas test of manhood. Slap the bull. Charley gestures to a lone bull grazing in the pasture. He's a frighteningly large bull with enormous horns.
58) 18) dialog: Sure. Glad we could help.
67) 8) dialog: I think they're out at Mckinley's pasture. Something about slapping a bull. It's up past the lake a ways. Jack smiles.
68) 0) text: DOUG stands in the darkened police station with DUDLEY, CHARLEY, BUCK and EARL. CHARLEY looks out the window with DOUG.
68) 1) dialog: Looks like they're winding down some.
70) 2) dialog: You guys just stay in the station tonight. No one needs to go out there and be a hero and end up getting hurt.
70) 4) dialog: Wow. So... You're not going out there? Doug sighs in irritation.
70) 7) dialog: 
79) 0) text: DOUG, BOB and WOODY are sitting at one of many card tables arranged in the family room, eating lunch. CHARLEY enters through the front door..
79) 1) dialog: Hey, guys. Having your final meal? Charley laughs. Doug, Bob and Woody don't.
79) 2) dialog: Sorry.
79) 5) dialog: They're coming. Buck's ear is giving him some equilibrium problems.
79) 15) dialog: (sternly, to Buck and Earl) That's out of line, guys.
85) 4) dialog: We sure are. I'm going to call the Highway Patrol. They'll be there in--
85) 18) dialog: I don't think that's the safest plan.
87) 65) dialog: All right, Jack. That'll be enough of that.
87) 67) dialog: I'll ride whatever I want from now on. I'm the sheriff of Lucas, and I'm not tolerating any more lawlessness. BOB helps DOUG, WOODY, and DUDLEY to their feet, as Jack takes a step towards Charley.
87) 68) dialog: I'd stop right there, Jack. Earl and Buck get out of the cruiser with two shotguns. They cock the guns and walk to Charley's side. Jack looks concerned.
87) 70) dialog: No. Not unless you want to do something stupid like ignoring-- Buck grabs his missing ear as he starts to loose his balance. He tips over and falls. As he hits the ground, the shotgun fires and hits OILCAN in the leg. Oilcan falls to the ground.
87) 72) dialog: Um... Yeah, I guess we're going to shoot you. The Hells Angels suddenly look nervous, and back up a few steps. Charley steps towards Jack.
87) 77) dialog: We're not going to live in fear of your gang anymore, Jack. If the Wild Hogs can stand up to you - so can everyone of us. The crowd of townspeople gathers behind Charley and nods.
87) 81) dialog: The point is, from now on you need to treat Lucas with kindness and respect. And when you do, you'll be treated the same. And if you don't... Charley looks over at OILCAN, who's tending to the bullet wound in his thigh.
87) 82) dialog: Then I guess we'll keep... shooting you. Got it? Jack looks at all the townspeople. He knows he's beaten. He nods bitterly.
87) 83) dialog: Good. Now I'd like you to untape our friend Dudley. Jack signals to one of the Hells Angels. He grabs Dudley's tape and spins him around to untape him.
87) 89) dialog: And I believe that's his jacket. Jack begrudgingly takes off Dudley's "Wild Hogs" jacket and tosses it to him. Dudley proudly puts it on.
87) 90) dialog: And as I recall, that '51 Panhead was traded to Dudley. Jack looks over at the mint condition motorcycle and shakes his head.
87) 92) dialog: Uh uh. A deal's a deal, Jack. Jack grits his teeth and throws a set of keys at Dudley. The crowd chatters in approval as Dudley gets on the '51 Panhead and starts the engine. He revs it a few times and Jack shoots Doug an infuriated glare.
88) 0) text: It's later that afternoon in Lucas. DOUG, BOB and WOODY walk to their motorcycles with CHARLEY, EARL and BUCK.
88) 1) dialog: Well, I wish you guys would stay longer.