16) 0) text: The garage door on Doug's house rolls open like a theater curtain, and Doug, wearing the full leather biker getup, idles out of the garage on a gleaming, chromed-out Harley Davidson Fatboy. He looks around the neighborhood cockily, smiles, then kicks the bike into gear and rides into the street. The camera rotates around him and comes to rest on the back of his jacket, where we see a large patch that reads "Wild Hogs." The camera ZOOMS IN ON THIS, and it becomes:
18) 0) text: BOB, in leather biker gear, rolls out of his garage on another shimmering Harley Davidson. He looks around through his mirrored aviator sunglasses like a complete bad ass. He looks down the street and spots DOUG, riding towards him. Bob rides down the driveway and joins alongside Doug. They nod silently to each other and tap fists like the toughest guys in the world. We see Bob is also wearing a "Wild Hogs" jacket.
20) 0) text: We see a garage crowded with disassembled Apple computers, printers, and a Harley Davidson Sportster. Out walks DUDLEY, who's biker outfit doesn't quite mesh with his thick-lensed eyeglasses. Dudley cockily pulls on a "Wild Hogs" jacket, kick starts the motorcycle, presses a button to open the garage door, and rides the motorcycle out. However, as he gets halfway out of the garage, the garage door catches on something, and snaps back down. It clotheslines Dudley off the bike, which rolls down the driveway and into some garbage cans. Dudley lays in the driveway, staring up at the sky with a pained look on his face.
22) 0) text: DOUG, BOB and WOODY ride along. We see DUDLEY is riding bitch on Woody's bike, and Woody doesn't seem thrilled about it. The camera pans around and we see they are all wearing "Wild Hogs" jackets. And on this, we:
38) 0) text: The bar is full of bikers, but not the kind we saw before. These guys are greasy, tattooed and menacing. We see their jackets say "Hells Angels." The bikers turn and stare at WOODY, DOUG, BOB and DUDLEY.
38) 4) dialog: Yeah, how do we keep missing that? The bikers all laugh. Doug and the guys join in, though they don't quite get what's so funny.
38) 5) dialog: So you re "Wild Hogs," huh? That's your gang?
38) 7) dialog: So it's like a little hobby for you guys? How sweet. Doug smiles, but is now sensing the hostility. He looks back for the exit.
38) 16) dialog: Wow. That's great. Can I try that on?
38) 20) dialog: 
38) 26) dialog: A Sportster!? That's what I grew up on. I've been wanting another Sportster. It's a deal!
38) 37) dialog: Come on, Dud. Let's go see how you look on it. Jack smiles and leads Dudley outside. Doug, Bob and Woody share an uncertain look.
39) 0) text: Everyone is standing out front. Dudley starts to get on the classic motorcycle. Jack stops him.
39) 1) dialog: Oh, no, no. That's Oilcan's ride. My ' 51 panhead is right over there. Jack points to a pile of abandoned rusty motorcycles. Among it is the junked carcass of a '51 panhead next to an old, rusty sidecar. Dudley looks confused.
39) 3) dialog: Yup. Your piece of junk. Woody, Doug and Bob look at each other. This isn't good. Doug tries to laugh it off.
39) 9) dialog: Oh, it's no joke. You want to know the joke? Suburban assholes that buy leather outfits and think they're bikers. And it's a joke I'm damn sick of. So I'm keeping your friend's bike, I'm keeping this jacket, and you guys are going to turn the hell around and go back to wherever you came from, because the next hundred miles of this highway belongs to the Hells Angels. The color drains from the Wild Hog's faces.
39) 11) dialog: Like a "Go home or we're going to split your skulls open" thing. Bob makes an audible whimper. Doug elbows him, and tries to look brave.
39) 13) dialog: You're right. We're going to have to work something out.
40) 0) text: We see DOUG, BOB and WOODY riding away from the bar, looking very glum. The camera PULLS OUT to reveal the rusty sidecar is now attached to Woody's bike. DUDLEY sits in it looking miserable and cold (having lost his jacket and now in his sleeveless shirt). The guys get a good distance away from the bar and Woody waves for them to stop. They do and Woody looks back to the bar.
43) 0) text: Jack is playing darts with the other bikers. He goes to throw a dart and hears engines roar past the bar outside.
43) 6) dialog: Saddle up, boys. Somebody doesn't listen. The guys nod and head outside. Oilcan pulls the dart out of his shoulder, and stops by Jack on the way out.
44) 0) text: The Hells Angels roar away from the bar on their motorcycles. They get to the end of the driveway, and the bikes sputter and choke to a stop. ANGLE ON: JACK. He's on his hog, with a cigarette dangling out of his mouth. He looks down in confusion at the suddenly stalled bike.
44) 1) dialog: What the f-- (sees cut gas line) You've gotta be kidding me. Suddenly, the cigarette falls out of Jacks mouth, and onto the ground. A puddle of gas from the sliced line catches on fire.
44) 2) dialog: shit. The flames quickly follow the line of leaked gas like a fuse, back towards the bar.
47) 0) text: JACK, and the other bikers stand by the smoldering pile of wood that was once their bar. OILCAN approaches Jack.
47) 2) dialog: 
47) 9) dialog: They're not stupid enough to stop until they're five hundred miles from here.
55) 0) text: MURDOCK has arrived at the bar, which is just a burned shack at this point. The Hell's Angels are gathered around, watching JACK beat the crap out of a remaining wall with a pipe. He finally stops when the wall has crumbled.
55) 1) dialog: Those assholes think they can cross the Hells Angels? Do you know how bad they've made us all look!? The gang nods. They all look pissed.
55) 2) dialog: Those guys have some balls. Balls I will put in my mouth and chew on!! The gang looks at Jack with a slight smile. OILCAN chuckles.
55) 4) dialog: No! I'm not-- I'm going to put my foot up their asses! Both feet! Hell, I'm going to stick anything I can in their asses, and I'm going to enlov it. The guys start laughing again. Jack boils red.
55) 5) dialog: Shut up!! I didn't mean-- Just get on your damn bikes! We're riding to Lucas! The guys start towards their bikes. Oilcan sidles up next to Jack.
55) 12) dialog: I did that in my mind, first. Jack smiles calmly and walks off.
61) 0) text: The Hells Angels park their bikes. We see all the townspeople have stopped enjoying themselves, and just stand there, scared. Jack gets off his bike and looks around.
61) 1) dialog: 
63) 0) text: The townspeople aren't saying a word. Jack continues to pace in front of the diner.
63) 1) dialog: Come on, now. You shouldn't be protecting them. These "Wild Hogs," not only passed us when we specifically told them not to, they drained out all our gas and burned down our bar. Like the little cowards they are. Now where are they!!?
67) 0) text: Jack finally turns away from the pot-o-potty and smirks.
67) 1) dialog: 
67) 7) dialog: All right, then. Nobody wants to tell me where they are? Fine. Maybe this'll jar your memory. Jack takes a garbage can and tosses it into the diner window. The crowd gasps, as the Hells Angels laugh. CHARLEY steps out of the crowd.
67) 9) dialog: Good. (to Hells Angels) Saddle up, boys. The guys get on their bikes.
67) 10) dialog: 
67) 12) dialog: 
69) 0) text: The Hells Angels have returned, and set up shop in the diner, but are also flowing out onto the street. Jack stumbles into the middle of the road, with a bottle of tequila in his hand.
69) 1) dialog: 
69) 4) dialog: So we're going to wait right here 'till you show up. Weeks, if we have to. Hell, we might just make ourselves the "Lucas Angels." That has a nice ring to it, doesn't it?
77) 0) text: DUDLEY kicks open the front door. JACK and the other Hells Angels are inside, drinking and carrying on.
77) 4) dialog: Well, well. One of you came to face the music, huh? That's brave. And stupid. The Hells Angels laugh. Dudley takes a deep breath and walks up to Jack.
77) 6) dialog: Yeah? What deal?
77) 13) dialog: 
80) 0) text: Jack stands next to Dudley, who is duct-taped to a chair with so much tape that it looks like he's in a cocoon. Only his head is uncovered. Jack holds Dudley's cellphone.
80) 1) dialog: 
82) 1) dialog: 
82) 7) dialog: 
82) 16) dialog: 
84) 1) dialog: 
84) 3) dialog: What!? There was nothing wrong with that one! That was tough! Those guys are afraid of me, now. They know how much I want 'em! The gang laughs again.
84) 4) dialog: Shut up!! The gang stops laughing, off Jack's warning glare. Dudley looks up from the floor.
84) 10) dialog: 
86) 3) dialog: Well, well. The "Wild Hogs." I'm glad to see you're finally showing us a little respect.
86) 13) dialog: Sure. Where's the cash? Doug looks to Bob and Woody. They nod encouragingly. Doug gathers his courage and turns back to Jack.
86) 15) dialog: Excuse me?
86) 18) dialog: What did you just call me?
86) 20) dialog: You know what? I was just going to pulverize your friend, here.
86) 26) dialog: But now I'm pissed off. You're all going to get hurt. Hells Angels style. Guys! The Hells Angles nod and pick up various weapons: Crowbars, tire irons, bats... They start moving towards Doug, Woody and Bob. Bob looks to Doug.
86) 30) dialog: Hear that, guys!? He called you all fat!
86) 35) dialog: Me against you?
86) 42) dialog: All right. Let's party, tough guy.
87) 0) text: DOUG and JACK are standing "in their corners," opposite each other in the dirt parking lot. They're surrounded by a circle of Hells Angels, rowdily waiting for the fight to commence. WOODY and BOB coach Doug in his corner.
87) 4) dialog: 
87) 18) dialog: Don't get tired yet. The hurt is just beginning. Doug tries to stand back up, but it's getting harder. He slyly grabs a handful of sand as he starts to stand.
87) 25) dialog: Man, this isn't even a workout. Jack laughs and puts his aviator sunglasses back on, as Doug quickly stands up and whips around at him.
87) 27) dialog: This one's gonna break bone.
87) 30) dialog: What?
87) 32) dialog: You're a dentist?
87) 41) dialog: All right. Now you're going to die. Jack approaches Doug, who closes his eyes and waits for the end.
87) 47) dialog: Anybody else the leader of this gang? Bob takes a deep breath, and bends down an grabs a long lead pipe. He starts towards Jack.
87) 55) dialog: Well, I guess that's all of you-- DUDLEY, still covered in tape, comes running into the circle from the other side.
87) 58) dialog: Give me the crowbar. Oilcan nods and hands it to Jack. Jack smiles at the four fallen Wild Hogs.
87) 59) dialog: Guess you guys are wishing you'd listened, now, huh? Jack smiles as we hear:
87) 66) dialog: Are you kidding? And what makes you think you can ride a motorcycle without our permission?
87) 69) dialog: What? You're going to shoot us?
87) 91) dialog: No way. He can have his Sportster back.
87) 93) dialog: 
87) 96) dialog: Get what?