50) 6) dialog: Just stay calm, Dad. At least it's not all of them, this time.
52) 10) dialog: I'll take care of them, Daddy. (to guys, extra polite) Good morning. Maggie smiles. She has a radiant sweetness, even though she's scared to death. DUDLEY stares at her, captivated. He's in love.
52) 11) dialog: where would you gentleman like to sit?
52) 24) dialog: And what would you gentleman like today? Doug looks to the next table, where a man is enjoying french toast.
52) 27) dialog: Of course. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. Maggie quickly puts it back on the man's table.
56) 21) dialog: Hi. Dudley is wide-eyed.
56) 28) dialog: Excuse me?
56) 30) dialog: Wow. You like macs too, huh? I've got a vintage Apple 2e. Restored it from scratch. Dudley's jaw drops.
56) 32) dialog: Wow. I like fig newtons. Dudley collects himself and tries to speak.
56) 34) dialog: You want to dance? Dudley goes to respond, then decides to just give an emphatic nod. Maggie smiles.
57) 30) text: DUDLEY is on the dance floor with MAGGIE. The middle aged guy on stage is letting loose with a rendition of Usher's "Yeah." Maggie and Dudley dance conservatively for a moment, but as the beat gets ahold of Dudley, he starts getting into it. He starts spinning around at a rapid pace, then drops to his knees, slaps the ground and shakes his head to the music. Maggie watches curiously as Dudley pulls himself along the ground by his elbows - then springs up to his feet and starts a move that resembles a sprinkler. Maggie grins - actually amused by Dudley's rhythmic passion.
59) 0) text: The block party is winding down. Dudley is sitting by himself at a picnic table, in post-Maggie bliss. DOUG, WOODY and BOB approach, dirty and beaten from the bull - but, carrying on happily.
75) 0) text: A cook from the diner is at the kitchen stove, making something in a big pot, as a crowd of townspeople eat in the kitchen and dining room. MAGGIE and DUDLEY cross through the kitchen, and out to the front porch.
76) 0) text: Maggie sits on the porch swing and takes a breath.
76) 1) dialog: Well, we can't seat many people in there, but at least we're back in business.
76) 3) dialog: Ah, we're used to them costing us money. Last year we spent more on window glass than pancake batter. All because of them.
76) 9) dialog: No, I meant... They damage the diner a lot. They damage the whole town. I'm just sorry you guys got dragged into it. You were just out to have a good vacation. Dudley looks at Maggie sincerely.
76) 11) dialog: You bikers probably tell all the girls that. This hits Dudley. He suddenly looks troubled.
76) 13) dialog: You're not a geek, Dudley. You're sweet and your honest and... You're the coolest guy I know. Your cat is crazy if it doesn't like you as much as I do. Dudley smiles. He has completely fallen for her.
76) 14) dialog: Well, I better get back inside. I've got to set some chairs up in the family room for the lunch rush. People gotta eat.
78) 0) text: DOUG, BOB, and WOODY are walking back from the lake, and pass by Maggie's house. BUD, standing on the porch, sees them and smiles.
79) 19) dialog: Hey, guys. Where's Dudley?
79) 21) dialog: No. I thought he went to find you guys. Doug shares a worried glance with Bob and Woody.
85) 0) text: DOUG sits in a chair, deep in thought. BOB, WOODY, EARL, BUCK, and BUD stand with other members of the town. MAGGIE is on a couch, sobbing into her hands.
85) 1) dialog: 
85) 13) dialog: Wait, he did this because of me. I have a thousand dollars in tip money I want to put in.