8) 3) dialog: .No, you listen to me. You're not going to push me around. We agreed on a price, and that's the price I'll pay. If you don't like it, walk away... but you can kiss your business good bye, because that's what happens when you screw with Woody Stevens. You go down. Hard. As Woody talks, he passes by framed magazine covers of a beautiful model, (CLAUDIA) as well as some pictures of his wedding day with her, their exotic vacations, and one blownup glamour shot of Woody, shirtless, oiled and holding a greasy wrench.
8) 4) dialog: .No, money's not the problem (LAUGHS) Money's never a problem. You just need to honor the correct price. Got it? Woody gets his answer, and angrily throws the headset down on a stack of moving boxes. He marches to the front door and throws it open.
9) 0) text: Woody yells out the front door.
9) 1) dialog: .Then go home, Toby! You make me sick! ANGLE ON: The front yard. A ten-year-old boy is standing with a rake, surrounded by leaves. He clicks off his cellphone and shrugs.
9) 3) dialog: Well, you should have thought of that before you put the "any yard for ten bucks" flyer on the telephone pole. You're done on this block, now. And that goes for your band fund-raisers, too. I'm not buying any candy bars no matter what parade you dorks have to get to! Woody slams the door closed. Toby kicks at a pile of leaves, then starts home.
19) 0) text: WOODY walks through the courtyard, and into a pristine garage.
21) 0) text: DOUG, BOB and WOODY ride towards Dudley's house, but find DUDLEY sitting in his driveway with his arms around his knees. He shrugs and motions to his motorcycle - Which he has stood back up, but has a bent wheel and smashed headlight. Doug and Bob take in the situation and then look at Woody. Woody rolls his eyes...
22) 0) text: DOUG, BOB and WOODY ride along. We see DUDLEY is riding bitch on Woody's bike, and Woody doesn't seem thrilled about it. The camera pans around and we see they are all wearing "Wild Hogs" jackets. And on this, we:
23) 6) dialog: I noticed that. And if you ever lay your head on my back when you're riding bitch again, I'm going to throw you into traffic.
23) 8) dialog: I felt you smell my hair!
24) 0) text: The guys are sitting at a worn table. The place is crowded with curiously gentle-looking bikers. Woody looks around the bar with a smirk.
24) 1) dialog: Man, I wish we could find a place that wasn't so freaking lame.
24) 11) dialog: Yeah, Paul. I'll talk to you about it on the trip.
24) 15) dialog: This place sucks. Why are we going to Daytona with these posers?
24) 17) dialog: We're not Wild Hogs. That's a patch your wife made and we all had to sew it on our jackets so she didn't feel bad.
24) 25) dialog: Hey!?
24) 28) dialog: We're not going to say you're hot, man.
24) 30) dialog: There's no non-gay response to that.
24) 33) dialog: Point proven.
24) 42) dialog: --And ready for the trip of a lifetime. The guys look at the map, puzzled.
24) 44) dialog: Not if we don't go on the Daytona trip.
24) 47) dialog: Guys, listen to me. It's time for a change. Let's go on our own trip this year. Just us, like it was in college. Forget these guys. Forget Daytona beach. Bike Week is just corporate white guys playing dress up. This bar is, too. And we didn't get into this to play dress up - we got in this to live. "Be cool and Ride free." That's the Wild Hog creed.
24) 49) dialog: I know. But, it works as our creed, too. So let's live it!
24) 55) dialog: No. That's dumb, Dudley. Let the big people talk.
24) 57) dialog: No. That's the best part. We don't do some planned out trip. We follow the open road. U.S. 50. The backbone of America. We take a week and go all the way to San Francisco. Think about it, guys. Camping out, stopping wherever we want, whenever we want... Just freedom. When was the last time we had that? The guys consider this, but look sceptical.
24) 59) dialog: You're afraid to ask your wife.
24) 62) dialog: 
27) 0) text: DOUG is riding his Harley, which is loaded with gear (sleeping bag, spare gas tank, saddle bags). He approaches a freeway entrance ramp, where WOODY and DUDLEY and BOB are waiting on their bikes, next to an entrance ramp sign that reads: U.S. Highway 50. The guys all tap fists, then notice Dudley is grinning ear to ear.
27) 1) dialog: 
27) 9) dialog: Nape. I don't want anything between me and the road, man.
27) 15) dialog: Look, the only rule on this trip is to have no plan. We're riding to San Francisco, and nothing else is planned. Just riding free.
27) 18) dialog: What? No. No plan. It's the open road. Who knows where we'll be.
27) 21) dialog: I did it for the good of the trip, Doug. You don't need GPS to discover America. We just need the wind, our bikes, and freedom. And if we have an emergency, I always have a cell phone-- Woody takes out a cellphone. Doug grabs it and throws it in the storm drain.
27) 23) dialog: It felt good. It felt damn good.
31) 0) text: The sun has gone down, and the guys have found a deserted area off the highway to set up camp. DOUG, WOODY and BOB lounge by a fire - with a tent set up behind them. Doug is roasting marshmallows and Bob is straining to blow up an air mattress.
31) 10) dialog: Yes. Go bury it.
31) 13) dialog: 
31) 17) dialog: (yells after him) Don't hang it on a tree!
31) 24) dialog: Oh, man. Thank God that stopped.
31) 27) dialog: Old Doug? You've lost your Dad?
31) 38) dialog: You're a wimp, Bob. I'll say it. You're afraid of girls. It's embarrassing. Dudley comes up and sits back down.
31) 40) dialog: You're afraid to talk to one. Bob is afraid they'll kill him in his sleep.
31) 44) dialog: 
31) 62) dialog: I'll go, too.
31) 71) dialog: In just one hour.
32) 0) text: BOB, DOUG, WOODY and DUDLEY are all sleeping on Bob's air mattress, like four sardines. Doug opens his eyes to see a large figure standing at the foot of the air mattress. It's a stern-looking highway patrolman.
33) 0) text: The guys cruise through the rolling prairies of Missouri. It's another beautiful day. They ride in formation, until Woody's bandana doo-rag blows off. Woody goes back to get it. The other guys stop and wait for him to return.
34) 0) text: The guys are still riding - but now the heat of the Missouri plains is taking it's toll. They look boiling, and have sweated through their clothes. Bob takes a drink of water from a bottle of water, then pours the water over his head. He breathes a sigh of relief, until he hears an angry yell behind him. He looks back and sees Woody is now drenched from the water. Bob smiles sheepishly as Woody burns.
36) 0) text: DOUG, WOODY, and DUDLEY wade into the spring water in their boxers. You can see on their faces that it's like dipping into heaven. After a moment, BOB walks up.
36) 4) dialog: Why are you naked?
36) 8) dialog: 
36) 17) dialog: No, we're not. Don't say that. Doug wiggles his boxers off and holds them in the air.
36) 20) dialog: I will be naked with my gay friends, and if they look at my jock, I will kill them. Woody throws the boxers to shore. The guys all look at each other and smile. It's a nice moment. Until a family approaches. Doug looks at the other guys, wide-eyed, as a family with three young kids walks up with a picnic basket. The young kids run and jump into the water. The Dad of the family laughs and shakes his head.
36) 25) dialog: There's a shallower spring up the path. The kids might like that even more... The Mom lays down a blanket and turns to the guys. The Dad is still staring, not sure what to do.
36) 40) dialog: Yeah, we could stay another few--
37) 4) dialog: Now this is the best part of any road trip. Seeing our brothers on wheels. Look at this place. America! The guys look at it and nod. It is a cool looking shack of a bar. Doug admires the row of motorcycles out front.
37) 12) dialog: Probably no good custom stores out here in hick-land. We'll leave 'em a catalog. The guys push open the door and step into the bar.
38) 0) text: The bar is full of bikers, but not the kind we saw before. These guys are greasy, tattooed and menacing. We see their jackets say "Hells Angels." The bikers turn and stare at WOODY, DOUG, BOB and DUDLEY.
38) 19) dialog: No, I don't. Doug does. I think it's great the way it is. Doug glares at Woody incredulously. Woody shrugs.
38) 38) dialog: Anybody else got that "pre-rape" feeling?
40) 0) text: We see DOUG, BOB and WOODY riding away from the bar, looking very glum. The camera PULLS OUT to reveal the rusty sidecar is now attached to Woody's bike. DUDLEY sits in it looking miserable and cold (having lost his jacket and now in his sleeveless shirt). The guys get a good distance away from the bar and Woody waves for them to stop. They do and Woody looks back to the bar.
40) 5) dialog: All right. Let's just give them a few minutes to get back inside - then shoot right past them.
40) 8) dialog: We're going to turn back after all these miles? Just because some fat bully's pushed us around?
40) 11) dialog: Good. See? Dudley's got some balls.
40) 13) dialog: I can't believe you guys. What a bunch of pussies. The whole point of this trip is to live, man.
40) 20) dialog: You're right, I do. But maybe I should talk to those guys one more time. I mean, I'm an executive at an Investment firm. I've made a career out of convincing people and these are just people. You guys wait here. Woody starts up his bike. Doug and Bob look at each other and shrug. Dudley hurries out of the sidecar.
41) 0) text: Woody rides up to the bar, and looks back to make sure he's out of Doug, Bob and Dudley's sight. He sees that he is, and kneels next to the line of Hells Angels motorcycles. He takes out an army knife, and slices through one of the motorcycle's gas line. Gas starts leaking out onto the ground and Woody nods.
41) 1) dialog: 
42) 0) text: WOODY pulls up on his bike, where DOUG, BOB and DUDLEY are waiting.
42) 1) dialog: They're cool with it. We can press on.
42) 7) dialog: Yup. I tried to be polite. I tried to reason. I told them Dudley was dying.
42) 9) dialog: Well, technically we're all dying, Dudley. Just very slowly. Dudley looks concerned.
42) 12) dialog: Anyway, none of that worked. So I laid it out for them. I said, "Hey, go ahead and assault us. Because we might be not be real bikers, but we know real lawyers. And the moment you touch us is the moment you get your ass sued. Because this is the real world - with real laws, and real consequences." And they backed down. The guys are impressed.
42) 14) dialog: Yup. And I think they'll give us Dudley's bike on the way back, so let's go. Quick. Before they change their mind. Woody quickly starts his bike and rides on. The guys shrug, impressed, and follow him. After a moment, we see them all speed by the bar.
45) 0) text: The guys happily cruise along the highway. We see WOODY look in his side-view mirror and notice a large, black plume of smoke back in the distance. A look of worry creeps over his face.
46) 1) dialog: No, we're not stopping here. Riding at night is half the fun. Let's just keep--
46) 3) dialog: (calling after Doug) So, adopt a kid. You already have two white ones, anyway. The guys ignore him. Woody looks back down the highway uneasily, then heads inside the motel office.
48) 0) text: DOUG, BOB and DUDLEY are in their motel room. WOODY stands at the window, nervously looking outside.
48) 1) dialog: 
48) 4) dialog: You think I won't ride without light? I can feel the road. Let's go. I'll even race somebody. Who's racing me?
48) 6) dialog: I just want to ride. Let's go!
48) 10) dialog: You're calling Kelly? You're not aloud to call wives on a road trip.
48) 20) dialog: You agree with me, right?
48) 24) dialog: Are you kidding me? I have to leave. Let me know when lame hour is over.
48) 27) dialog: No, I'm not calling Claudia. I mean, yes I want to, but I won't. Because I'm on a road trip with my pals. And cell phones aren't even allowed! Woody storms out. Doug hears something on the phone, and lights up.
49) 0) text: DOUG, BOB, WOODY and DUDLEY ride along the highway, as the sun burns the morning fog off of the wheat fields. Doug looks over to Woody and yells above the motorcycle engines.
49) 6) dialog: Yeah, man. It warms my heart, with it's...
49) 9) dialog: What!? No! We're not hungry yet.
49) 11) dialog: You're not! Fatty! Bob looks hurt. Doug gives Woody a stern look.
51) 4) dialog: It's a shithole. Let's keep moving. The guys ignore Woody and enter the diner.
51) 5) dialog: Okay, we'll get it to go, then. We can ride and eat if it's wrapped in a tortilla. Woody gets no response. He looks back down the road, uneasily, then follows the guys in.
52) 0) text: BOB, DOUG, WOODY and DUDLEY enter, with their motorcycle boots thunking on the wood floor, announcing to the entire diner that there are bikers there.
52) 29) dialog: Not a big deal.
52) 40) dialog: No, no, no, no. We have a schedule. San Francisco is waiting.
52) 60) dialog: --Oh, we're just a group of friends. No big deal. Your guys gave us permission to pass by, so it's all good.
52) 67) dialog: Bob, let's not get carried away--
52) 69) dialog: But, Bob. I don't think--
53) 0) text: CHARLEY walks through the town square with DOUG, BOB, WOODY and DUDLEY. There's a stage and booths set up around the park in the center - ready for the block party. As the news spreads that the Wild Hogs are friendly, the townspeople start to take to the streets again.
54) 12) dialog: Can't you call a bigger town or something for backup?
54) 21) dialog: Oh, thanks, but we're actually moving on--
54) 27) dialog: Uh uh. No, I'm putting my foot down, here. I still get a vote on what we do, you know? And I want my vote.
54) 29) dialog: I actually get three votes. Because I planned the trip.
54) 31) dialog: You know what? Old Doug wasn't such a douchebag!
56) 0) text: DOUG, BOB, WOODY and DUDLEY exit out of an old fashioned hotel next to the diner. They cross to the town square, where the block party is in full swing. Townspeople mingle around eating corn-on-the-cob and hotdogs. Up on the stage, a plump, middle-aged man with a goatee and a polo shirt tucked into dockers - sings Justin Timberlake's "Rock Your body."
56) 11) dialog: You're going to go Billy Jack?
56) 13) dialog: 
56) 18) dialog: You're afraid of your cat.
57) 0) text: DOUG, BOB and WOODY are sitting at a picnic table, drinking beer out of plastic cups. They lean back and soak up the small town celebration around them. It's a great night.
57) 8) dialog: No he didn't. Woody takes the garlic bread and crams it in his mouth.
57) 9) dialog: 
57) 28) dialog: If you're not a kid.
57) 42) dialog: Hey, we're not escaping anything, man. We're on this trip to live.
57) 44) dialog: Exactly. Which is why we need to keep riding until we figure out where that happiness is. You don't get old Doug back by just staying put.
57) 51) dialog: You did lose him, Doug. You know why? You're housebroken. You're too comfortable. You've got to snap out of it! Doug nods halfheartedly. He knows woody might be right.
57) 54) dialog: Right! Slap the bull! (then, to Charley) What?
57) 58) dialog: We're slapping the bull.
57) 64) dialog: We are slapping the bull. Doug knows it's no use. He nods, defeated.
58) 0) text: DOUG, BOB, WOODY, CHARLEY, BUCK and EARL approach a fence surrounding a pasture. Charley smiles.
58) 2) dialog: Wow. So it's literally slapping a bull?
58) 5) dialog: All right. I'm going in.
58) 7) dialog: Hell yeah. I'm gonna slap the shit out of that bull. Like, pimp-style. The guys look at him, surprised and somewhat impressed. Woody takes a breath and climbs over the fence. He approaches the Bull very quietly and cautiously. He gets within three feet of it, leans in and slaps the Bull hard on the ass. The bull makes an annoyed sound and turns around, but Woody is already hightailing it back to the fence, with an exhilarated look on his face.
58) 12) dialog: Whhhheeeeeeew! Woody gets to the fence and hurls himself over. The guys all applaud.
58) 13) dialog: Yes! Wow! That felt so good. I just slapped a big fat bull right on his ass! Did you hear how pissed he was!? I just pissed of a bull! (back to Bull) Bitch! Woody high fives all the guys.
58) 15) dialog: 
58) 20) dialog: Alert? Woody and Bob look at each other, then to the Bull - which Doug is about to slap.
58) 21) dialog: Doug, wait! It's too late. Doug slaps the bull hard, and turns to run.
58) 28) dialog: Oh, no you don't! Woody jumps over the fence and runs into the field.
58) 29) dialog: Heeeeey! Hey you! Come get me, Bull! The Bull notices Woody and starts to Charge him.
58) 30) dialog: Run, Doug! Go! Doug climbs to his feet and sees the bull charging Woody. Woody realizes he's in trouble and starts to run again. The bull quickly catches him and rams him into the air. Woody lands hard, with a grunt. The bull turns back to charge at Woody again, and Bob jumps over the fence.
58) 42) dialog: No this is living!
59) 0) text: The block party is winding down. Dudley is sitting by himself at a picnic table, in post-Maggie bliss. DOUG, WOODY and BOB approach, dirty and beaten from the bull - but, carrying on happily.
59) 1) dialog: Man, did you see the look on Bob's face when he got up? Didn't dodge him that time! Woody and Doug laugh. Bob looks pissed.
59) 17) dialog: Okay, fine. But after fishing - we hit the open road and keep moving, okay?
59) 21) dialog: Hiiiiiiiidee! DOUG, BOB and DUDLEY look confused. Woody looks around desperately for somewhere to hide - but the Hells Angels are too close. There's no time. Woody spots a port-o- potty from the block party and starts corralling Doug, Bob and Dudley into it.
59) 22) dialog: Go! Go! Go! Woody pushes his puzzled friends into the port-o-potty, then gets in with them and shuts the door, just as the Hells Angels cruise by them.
60) 2) dialog: Shhhh! They'll hear you! Don't make a sound!
62) 0) text: Doug looks at Woody. He's starting to figure it out. Woody guiltily avoids Doug's glare and watches the Hells Angels through a vent in the port-o-potty.
64) 0) text: Upon hearing this, BOB, DUDLEY and DOUG all look at WOODY, who shrugs sheepishly. Bob is enraged.
67) 25) dialog: I did it for you guys! I wanted you to live!
67) 28) dialog: 
67) 31) dialog: Yes, I'm sorry! I just didn't want us to go back.
67) 37) dialog: Because I don't have anything to go back to, okay! Doug and Bob go silent. Woody looks away - trying to collect himself. After a moment, he faces them.
67) 38) dialog: I've lost everything. The firm fired me, Claudia left me... It's all gone. My whole life is gone. I don't even have enough money to get my lawn raked anymore. Doug, Bob and Dudley are stupefied. Woody takes a deep breath and continues.
67) 39) dialog: That's why I couldn't go back. This isn't a vacation for me, it's the only thing I have left. There's nothing more in my life but you guys. So, I lied about the Hells Angels. I lied because I wanted to have one thing in my life that wasn't a complete failure. A real trip with my best friends... You're all I got. I'm sorry. Woody lowers his head. The guys take this in for a minute. Woody looks at them, waiting for their sympathy. Finally, Doug speaks.
67) 42) dialog: Fine! I see how important I am to you guys. That's just fine. I just thought being a "Wild Hog" meant something! Woody takes off his "Wild Hogs" jacket and throws it at their feet. He hops out of the fountain and storms off down the street.
74) 0) text: Doug walks up to the shore and sees Woody, trying to push a canoe towards the water. Woody notices Doug.
74) 1) dialog: Hey.
74) 3) dialog: Yup. Woody gets the canoe to the water and looks back at Doug.
74) 6) dialog: All right. Let's go. Doug helps Woody shove the boat out into the water. They both hop in as it floats away from the shore. They sit there staring off in silence.
74) 8) dialog: 
74) 11) dialog: You know what? I screwed up! It happens. Maybe from now on I'm better off just doing things on my own! Woody starts to get up, but then looks at the water around him, and sits.
74) 17) dialog: 
74) 19) dialog: I didn't want to lose, Doug. I've lost everything else and I didn't want to lose this trip with you guys. When we're together, it's like we're all college kids still. I'm not a guy with a broken marriage and failed career. I'm just with my best friends, being happy. And to keep it going, I forgot about what made it so great... That friends never let each other down. Until now. I screwed up the last thing I had left. You guys deserve better. I'm sorry-- Woody eyes water a little and he quickly turns away from Doug. They sit there for another moment.
74) 22) dialog: They won't kill us, right? Just a... really bad beating.
74) 24) dialog: No way. And how much could a punch really hurt? Not much, probably.
74) 30) dialog: Let's go find the Bob and Dudley. Doug looks around the canoe for a paddle.
74) 32) dialog: No. I wasn't even going to take this thing out, but I didn't want you to think I was just standing at the lake waiting for you.
74) 34) dialog: Bud told me to stand at the lake and wait for you. Doug nods. Bob walks up on the shore, holding a styrofoam cup.
74) 38) dialog: Yeah, Bob. We're all good. Woody smiles at Doug.
78) 0) text: DOUG, BOB, and WOODY are walking back from the lake, and pass by Maggie's house. BUD, standing on the porch, sees them and smiles.
79) 0) text: DOUG, BOB and WOODY are sitting at one of many card tables arranged in the family room, eating lunch. CHARLEY enters through the front door..
79) 18) dialog: Yeah, Dudley's with Maggie somewhere. MAGGIE COMES OUT OF THE KITCHEN and approaches the table.
79) 29) dialog: He has a phone? What happened to freedom?
79) 34) dialog: I remember that. His pee turned brown and he started crying.
85) 0) text: DOUG sits in a chair, deep in thought. BOB, WOODY, EARL, BUCK, and BUD stand with other members of the town. MAGGIE is on a couch, sobbing into her hands.
85) 6) dialog: Bob's right. We can call the Highway Patrol after we get Dud back, but we shouldn't piss these guys off while he's still in their hands.
85) 8) dialog: No. No way. This is my fault. All this is my fault. I have some money in my severance package. We're using it.
85) 16) dialog: What?
85) 25) dialog: And the friends. Woody steps over to Doug. Bob looks at them for a moment, then finally smiles and pulls on his jacket.
86) 29) dialog: We can still outrun them. They're fat. Woody turns around to see Hells Angles have now closed in behind them, blocking their escape. Jack smiles.
86) 31) dialog: shit. (to Hells Angels) I meant full-figured. The Hells Angels close to within a few feet of the "Wild Hogs," and raise their weapons to strike.
87) 0) text: DOUG and JACK are standing "in their corners," opposite each other in the dirt parking lot. They're surrounded by a circle of Hells Angels, rowdily waiting for the fight to commence. WOODY and BOB coach Doug in his corner.
87) 1) dialog: Just stay clear of the big punches. You've got more stamina than this guy.
87) 3) dialog: Um... Just try and get him tired. I don't think punches will do much to him. Doug gives Woody a concerned look. Woody shrugs. Jack steps into the circle and throws off his jacket.
87) 40) dialog: Quick! Start kicking him! Don't let him get up! Doug nods and goes to kick Jack, but Jack grabs the foot and pushes him backwards. Doug falls back to the dirt. Jack stands up and dusts himself off.
87) 42) dialog: Wait!! Jack turns around as WOODY walks into the circle.
87) 43) dialog: Doug's not the leader of this gang. I-- Jack instantly punches Woody in the face. Woody falls down next to Doug. Doug turns his head to Woody. They're both bleeding from their noses and lips.
87) 46) dialog: Sure. Jack looks at Bob.
88) 0) text: It's later that afternoon in Lucas. DOUG, BOB and WOODY walk to their motorcycles with CHARLEY, EARL and BUCK.
88) 15) dialog: You know what? I think I'm going to press on. Keep heading West.
88) 17) dialog: Yeah. Why not? I feel good about my life again. And I'd like to see what San Francisco's all about. Doug nods and looks to Bob. You can tell he wants to go.
88) 26) dialog: 
88) 55) dialog: I think so. Dudley? What do you think? The camera PULLS OUT to reveal DUDLEY, sitting on his motorcycle. Next to him, is MAGGIE, sitting in the rusty sidecar now attached to Dudley's bike. She's wearing Dudley's goggles and nods to him encouragingly. Dudley looks back over to Doug, Bob and Woody.