34) 10) text: o his ear and 8 dark-coated “phone to his ear. flips it open and hits redial. watches the crowd. One ring. Tw “yy MAN'S Vj ee ov What? ue aya Bond hangs up, already AG ) The man tosses thi eh the trash bin and scans the street behind him. ye CARLOS. He hops into a cab. Bond follows. 4
34) 12) text: EXT. MIAMI i POR'D;"- CONCOURSE - NIGHT 67 Cars, buse PND! pesble. It's busy. A cab pulls in. Carlos gets out eg g the zip bag and pays the cabbie. Bond’s ie way behind. He slips the driver a hundred te; follows Carlos into the terminal.
35) 0) text: Stepping up to the metal detector, Carlos suddenly “remembers” that he is carrying his key ring - hands it t the security guard who checks it. Hanging from the ring is a tiny flashlight. In an adjacent line, Bond is having his boarding pass checked. (The reason he bought the ticket). He watches Carlos step through the detector, without setting off the alarm. The guard hands him back his keys. He retrieves the coat and zip bag from the x- ray machine as Bond moves through the metal detector. INT. AIRPORT SHOPPING MALL - NIGHT o 71 People everywhere. Bond keeping sight of Rf :) now walkin into a duty free emporium. He fase he on thes of perfume on display. Bond gazes up at bis) partures screen acting “normal”, but not before ae Svat ens him reflected aL
35) 3) text: in one of the display’s vanity m s A passenger cart crosses in front of Bond, moment, locking his vision. When it clears, his quarry has,-v hed. ne wy JIA INT. MENSWEAR SHOP - wets Carlos goes into a chants 1d om and closes the curtain, He unzips the bag, eee a security uniform.
35) 7) text: Bond scans the people moving to and Increasingly wor. hed, fro in ec higveyes. Then he notices the zip bag in the hands | ‘the, menswear shop assistant, looking for it owner. pen and clothes are bulging out the top. Bond iookg) “Repst ~- nothing unusual - passengers, shopp fora, aches security men. Then the other. Heading es door across the other side is a security aiEference is he’s not wearing a side-arm. Bond guieely but Carlos is at the door, punching a keypad. s it and goes through. The door swings shut leaving Bond “stranded.
36) 0) text: Carlos moving past offices down a long corridor. He steps back to allow a mail cart to pass - glances back at the “NO ACCESS” door.
38) 0) text: Turning into another corridor, Carlos passes a couple of security officers walking the opposite way. He looks up, sees a CCTV monitor. The image shows Bond walking down the long corridor he has just come from. Carlos quickens his pace...
40) 1) text: Carlos enters, switches = he light, grabs a broom and places the handle glass bulb of a fire sprinkler - he smashes it. “ INT. VILLIER’S Villiers See in front of his computer. M approaches er office and snatches up Villiers’ desk phone. e@
45) 6) text: é EXT. PARKED Tee Carlos pulls up Kt Eo a fuel tanker standing beside a dong haul Jevlener The driver is connecting the hose when “On out. 4
45) 7) dialog: eG this truck out of here! It’s a
45) 11) text: Lon “ire emergency, can’t you hear the KR Je Syalarm? ! é The* rtled driver rewinds the hose. Carlos goes to the truck’s petrol tank, opens it and, unseen by the driver, takes out the small torch we saw on his key ring earlier. He twists the base, igniting a tiny red light, drops it into the tank. He pulls out a cellphone. On the screen an equivalent red light flashes.
47) 0) text: The tanker driver jumps into the cab, starts the engine. The passenger door opens and Carlos drops in beside him. Before the driver can utter a word Carlos breaks his neck He opens the door, kicks the body onto the tarmac. Puttin his gun and cellphone on the seat, Carlos drives off...
48) 0) text: ...heading towards the runway. As the tanker picks up speed Bond races to meet it. Carlos sees him, puts his foot down. The tanker heads towards a row off che launches h himself into the air and lands on top of pehe (eager. N ey”
48) 2) dialog: 
48) 7) text: ioving to its gate, drives up onto it, run across Carlos heads straight for a wien Je avoid being swept off. under the wing. Bond has = and jump back onto the tan } a As he lands he loses his. ting, falls over the side, ee m barely hold on. Carlos sees manages to grab a Atr this in his wing mi eads for an approaching tow tug. He deliberately gcrapes the side of it. Bond has to let go or be crushed- We Sw
49) 0) text: Bond maneuvers alongside the tanker. Carlos rams into the side of the tow tug. Bond is almost thrown off, recovers, slams into the tanker, trying to turn it away from the fast approaching runway. Carlos is hurled across the cab. The cell phone falls to the floor. He grabs his gun, star firing down at Bond. Bond rams the tanker, throwing Carlo back. Security vehicles are racing towards the scene.
51) 0) text: Cutting in front of Bond, Carlos swerves around a row of freestanding gangways. Suddenly a moving baggage train crosses in front of him. The tanker hits it, dead center smashing the cages, spraying luggage into the air. Bond manages to steer around the front of the train, saving th drivers life.
53) 0) text: Carlos tries to use his gun but Bond smashes his hand against the dash loosening his grip. Bond takes it. Carlo grasps Bond’s wrist preventing him from firing. He gasps as Bond grips him in a choke hold. Despite this he makes a deliberate move to steer the tanker towards the airline He smashes Bond with his elbow and heaves him through the shattered windshield. Bond manages to cling onto the edge of the screen with one hand and still keep hold of the gu in the other. Carlos thumps his boot onto Bond’s knuckles He lets go, almost drops under the tanker, manages to get a grip on the fender. With his legs china on the concrete he can barely hold on. a BY flash past, the airliner rushes towards him. Carlos reaches under the seat, feeling(/ SP “cell phone. Bond aims under the tanker at ene e, shoots. It explodes, the tanker weaves. oe the wheel, keeps control. Bond blasts the coher fas re, but still the tanker holds its course. marie oe Hand finds the cell phone and pulls it out. The pend on top of the airliner. He’s about to IBS button when Bond shoots out the front tire. The tanker yaws wistenaley skids sideways, the wheel rims sending up showers (oF ( spi Carlos is hurled against the door, drops the hone’. “ine tanker grinds to a halt, half an inch fre@ "rhe sairliner. reaches in: e cab, pulls out the cell phone, puts his finger on ep ton. A shot rings out. A surprised look crosses | ade. The door ope Athe yf shattered Carlos staggers out, He gk soft to~ Je ground revealing Bond standing behind him, a el VEHICLES Scream up and surround Bond, men aiming weapons, shouting for him to put his gun down. He does so and raises his arms.