11) 0) text: SUPER: MADAGASCAR, We're watching a fight to the death between a cobra and a mongoose. The arena is a derelict empty swimming pool; the audience hundreds of screaming men, urging the animals on. Beyond this, a cluster of erewded shacks and deserted buildings, housing their near starving families. From a second floor we see a man looki down at the spectacle. James Bond, almost unrecognizable, part of scenery. He keeps his eye on a disheveled young man amongst the excited crowd. The youth wears a small backpack and has a white livid burn scar on his right arm CARTER, Bond’s team mate is also in the crowd watching.
21) 4) text: James swerves around the corner of th Lying on the seat next to him is/ a the map he copied from M's comput’ phone that texted the bomber.
22) 0) text: Bond enters the club, passing others who are running out in response to their car alarms. TWO SECURITY GUARDS barr out of a back corridor. As the guards disappear out the front door, James slips down their corridor, mae”
71) 0) text: ok Sion James and Vesper enter oy street, playing up their "honeymooners" role, Tt ound each other. While walking, Bond flips out oe . They stop at the CONCIERGE
75) 11) dialog: (to Vesper) £e~
82) 2) text: watch from the rail. MATHIS a Look. It's the tell. He's OO, bluffing. My God, James was Re A) Bond looks to Vesper, who tries to oni? ES k at him. His
96) 19) text: Angered, L ffre hits even harder. James grimaces but
96) 41) text: AC HONY of VOICES as the medical team swirls in and most?y out of focus around Bond. A BLURRY NURSE, masked head to toe, puts a mask over Bond's nose and mouth and asks him to "count backward from one hundred." James slip uncomfortably into BLACKNESS. Then GLIMPSE:
97) 0) text: A BLUR OF IMAGES...A NURSE pumping James' leg toward his gut, noticing his flickering eyes.
97) 6) dialog: (barely a whisper) . Vesper? Then MATHIS steps in close to her and snipe yy the arm. JAMES' breathing becomes panicked. ES a)
97) 8) text: JAMES (CONT'D) @y” (barely audible) £& Not him.
97) 14) text: bes JAMES yy Don't trust him. The fhapes take focus -- it's Vesper hurrying out of the recovery room. Suddenly MATHIS appears right beside him.
100) 1) text: of the holds ying Vesper. Both are naked, and damn if James' arms’ ‘t just in the wrong places, so all we get al oS is teased? )
100) 2) text: po RSE A): Sono. No, that's not going to happen. x) James, I'm serious. This is my serious face. Do you see it? You're good at reading people, what does this face say? Anchored in pembera lonely bay. James climbs up out xo
100) 4) dialog: (still moving) It says I know I'm saying don't drop me in the water but don't believe me for a second. Vesper screams as James flings her over the side and then dives in after her.
101) 0) text: vesper surfaces and throws back her hair. James comes up beneath and behind her and wraps his hands around her wai
103) 3) text: Vesper turns and follows his ae ees a fabulously bedecked wedding party ste ffom the church steps into their waiting gondolas. eter solved. James catches her loo! Bag et the wedding party and smile Vesper blushes ans{ge Ss Ee k to paddling. INT. FABULOUS 3! vine VENETIAN HOTEL -- MORNING 181 They are nak aga) and Vesper surfaces from the sheets and covers; fhayfully fighting Bond off. (es VESPER i to) enough. Stop. I can barely AY S 1k as it is. If you hadn't La he ‘noticed, it has been quite a while “¢ )) for me.
103) 4) dialog: For me, as well. Vesper looks at him and then bursts out laughing. James takes just a little offense to this. Slightly defensive:
103) 5) dialog: What are you laughing at? She snorts she's laughing so hard. Searches the covers:
103) 9) dialog: I meant since it meant something.
103) 11) dialog: You know I do have a license to 2 kill. 5) .
103) 20) text: a momtheoo e ‘% JAMES 5 ave, plenty. St VESPER
103) 23) dialog: You stopped wearing it. Your necklace.
103) 25) dialog: Time enough to get over someone?
105) 0) text: James' handheld rings just as the doors close. Answering it:
105) 2) dialog: Hello?....Hold on, I'm in the ke ¢ ...-in a Lift.... INA... (2 Qe James reacts at his own remiatergye Ga the call.
105) 6) text: James enters and walks to ches sw, hoping to catch a glimpse of Vesper in the bi Rigeza. No trace of her, but Gettler, the man wit ee mama hat, and his tall friend weave through the crew James turns away from the room. He notices Vesper's window and looks around cell phone on the ake. or some reason this strikes him as odd -- she's nevi it behind before. His handheld rings and he a wee : vebin YY JAMES Ss (P we M (0.8.) 3 aN that's better; it sounded as ) 4£ you were in a lift. Eo Sy? “ , ») JAMES SY That is odd.
105) 13) dialog: Yes, I figured you'd be calling.
105) 22) dialog: I was thinking of using it as a stake to win myself a small nest egg.
105) 28) dialog: Where?
106) 5) text: James stops; iO Sounds ech ak grouna him, water lapping, children's voice bouncing ote s. Then the distinctive click of Vesper's shoes on @ofe/ Bond slides his Walther from its holster and ea: eR. vO the pitch black corridor between buildings Hey or’ the silencer as he nears the mouth, and sees: yESY
106) 8) dialog: steps into the light. The three turn as they hear:
106) 9) dialog: Hello, dear. Who are your friends? TALL MAN digs for a weapon. Without breaking his stride James puts two slugs in Tall Man's chest, knocking him down. Gettler pulis Vesper in front of him; his stiletto flicks out of its handle and the tips digs into her neck. Seen! 190 191 192 193
106) 13) dialog: Allow me. Vesper's eyes widen as James raises his weapon to fire. A fraction of a second before he can pull the trigger... TALL MAN fires his automatic weapon, spraying the courtya as he rises, revealing a torn shirt over a Kevlar vest. into the narrow back alley, along with her case.
106) 15) text: Bond under automatic weapon itis pa ray. Loses his an. CoS James dives for cover. Gettler grabs fen Rojee drags her Ny t silenced Walther in canal; kilis Bond heads off after Vesper ang Seepier
107) 7) text: .s ~ James races to the next fl Non) dives across the divide. Vesper sees Bond working h wi around to the open cage door. She uses all her ' ath to fling herself across the cage and grab fe . She slams it shut just before 2 x Bond reaches it and di ive the hook home to lock it.
109) 0) text: James fights through the murky water, desperately chasing the sinking cage. ae eae!
109) 4) text: James yanks open the door, grabs her a surface. As the house falls around t pulls her up and pounds on her ches! a : the water out of her lungs. wl » Cs Coe SS As even their small purchase di: aQ0e) rs underwater, Bon finds a window and pulls her sate h him onto the shore.
112) 12) text: The name James, Bond. And yours And as the camarA\g ms up to the heavens WE HEAR, for the FIRST Ge cpebtes ROL strains of the FAMOUS BOND THEME Ls CUT TO BLA CREDITS ROLL. “S oN)