8) 2) text: through the cracks in the boards that cov windows that run the length of the room. Obanno,; @ peross the long table at Le Chiffre, who doesn't Zs , uN LE CHIFFRE £\ ¢ . ) Our friend will have tolt oO" that I have provided reliabfé. & ming services for many othe Fyeedom fighters over the | a
8) 4) text: Le chistes eldeg, thie was the wrong answer and clearly doesn't oe SS Obanno smiles. no & J OBANNO Lee want no risk in the portfolio. ON Ye
8) 5) text: SS Agreed. Obanno nods and three metal boxes are placed on the table One of the men opens the closest box, displaying the mone Le Chiffre takes a hit from an inhaler.
8) 7) dialog: (hands him a business card) I have locations at most major airports. “Sse”
9) 0) text: Le Chiffre climbs into his SUV as his bodyguards load the metal boxes into the center one,
10) 0) text: As they move off VALENKA, Le Chiffre's beautiful Russian bodyguard, dials a satellite phone.
18) 6) text: EXT, LE CHIFFRE'S cc a A beautiful 110 foo tethered alongsidé Seeker at anchor, a motor launch INT, LE ae an ¥ACHT - DECK SALON -- CONTINUOUS 35 An ae WUE a Stoom that hosts a high stakes poker game. MADAME Tiaccly Chinese woman, throws in her cards. Now th just two men battling for the pot. oh phe ‘dabs his eye with a handkerchief, which stains he touch. He notices the other remaining player, a vebit#ed Croatian General, looking:
18) 7) dialog: My dear General. Weeping blood comes merely from a derangement of the tear duct - nothing sinister. The General blanches. le Chiffre pushes in all his chips.
18) 8) dialog: All in. But I only have two pair, and you have a full 17.4 percent chance of making your straight. The General tries to read Le Chiffre, can't. He throws in his cards. Le Chiffre pulls the chips ronan him. KRATT, Le Chiffre's dangerous looking henchman, approaches and whispers in his ear, Le Chiffre rises with a smile. 36 37 38
18) 11) dialog: When does ellipsis expire?
18) 13) dialog: No. It's all the time I have x anyway. Give our guests five- Ny & minutes to leave or toss the”) <
21) 0) text: The door opens and passengers disembark from the plane. Bond steps off and rolls up the sleeves of his white shir and takes in the view. Expensive boats cross the harbor; one of them is LE CHIFFRE'S SUN SEEKER, gliding under the two bridges that connect Nassau with mo EXT. TWO LANE ROAD - GRAND BAHAMA -- mn a) 42 Cn ane blacktop. [ eld displaying a the route of the cell
30) 8) dialog: A man who was under surveillance by the British Secret Service. Which makes me wonder if I should trust you at all.
30) 13) dialog: The money is wai 2’ the same place. INT. BOND'S HOTEL ao cs) /NIGHT 58 Solange and Bond A edroom floor; her still in bra aring an unbuttoned shirt. and heels, himsst
55) 1) dialog: (into phone) One hundred and one million, two hundred and six thousand dollars. He hangs up, takes a hit from his inhaler, turns to KRATT
55) 2) dialog: Someone talked.
57) 14) text: Bond tries hard not to show sven e of remorse. M sees a man approaching with a br ae pase, snapping on rub gloves. iS kh Oh good, yea) i (to fouls Roll up Atou hays ve. following the man in the rubber He does so Ul gloves swabs his t ‘and prepares something that looks like a “eS ‘YM shows Bond file photos of Le Chiffre.
68) 0) text: Bond passes through the metal detector, moves through the busy casino and enters the velvet-roped salle privee. He eyes LE CHIFFRE, who approaches.
68) 1) dialog: You must be Mr. Bliss' replacement. But is it Beech or Bond? I'ma little confused.
68) 32) text: down the next common card ('the turn'). Again, esn't look, watching Le Chiffre's reaction. The card is a 9. The finger presses tight against Le Chiffre's cheek. Bond looks at the card. So now there's a pair out in the open. Could Le Chiffre be holding the other nines? Doesn' Matter anyway, because Bond has already decided to go all the way and find the meaning of the finger by the eye. Le Chiffre bets:
68) 33) dialog: One hundred thousand. Bond looks up and is distracted at the superb sight of VE entering in that stunning dress, walking up from behind L Chiffre, her eyes on Bond and Bond's on hers.
68) 46) dialog: Two hundred thousand. ‘ane
68) 52) text: buzz in the crowd. Le Chiffyele yt believe his luck, rakes in the chips, a ghint-gt\t umph as he eyes Bond. In forcing him to show t ey of twos, Bond has stripped him naked, and Le Chiff reads this in his eyes. : (ap (to Di 2) PleaséS@ndsthe barman over. The zr germ surprised at this request, but hi indicates barman to come over. Le Chiffre watches all this wi MS tering irritation. The barman arrives: (cy BOND (CONT'D) LE yE dry martini. RE sy BARMAN SYS Oui, monsieur. He's about to go:
68) 95) text: Mathis exits. Jamés aye arm around Vesper's waist and watches discretely tHer shoulder. In the background Le Chiffre Leavegxx st and heads for the exit.
68) 97) text: d Bond doogiist Peepond He finishes his drink, sees he's being oh by another of Le Chiffre's stooges: LEO. He toward him and runs a hand up the full length pe: e to her neck. Her body reacts involuntarily.
69) 0) text: Le Chiffre uses his key and enters his suite.
70) 0) text: Dark walls, little light. Valenka sits on the far side in a pool of light. She looks up at Le Chiffre as he approaches.
70) 1) dialog: What's so damned important? She puts a hand on the back of his neck, kisses it, whispers:
71) 5) text: the ca ‘ands it to Bond. They punch the elevator oe ane ~ x Ee) CHIFFRE'S SUITE 126 Obanrio chokes Le Chiffre. Obanno's LIEUTENANT restrains Valenka, holding a machete to her neck.
71) 7) dialog: (clutching his throat) Your money is safe.
73) 0) text: Obanno tightens the noose again, Le Chiffre is in agony.
73) 1) dialog: You'll have it tomorrow. All of it. Obanno tosses him to the floor. QY
75) 0) text: Obanno swings the n arp machete down from over his head and...sto Gils a half an inch from Valenka's arm. Holding it there Xpe ‘turns his head and looks at Le Chif
77) 2) dialog: ona, you changed your shirt. && thope our little game isn't causing - SAyou to perspire. Se
80) 5) dialog: 
82) 0) text: Four face-up cards: A-K-J-7 Bond holds ACE & KING OF HEARTS. He sees Le Chiffre's finger go to the side of his face to hold his twitch in place.
82) 9) dialog: Million. Finger still clamped to hide any twitch. Bond smells bloo He's got him. Slowly counts his chips.
82) 18) text: He is silenced by Le Chiffre ee 5G his money in. For a moment, Bond has doubts. we)” Mister rear been called. Bond shows his cards.
82) 20) text: Eyes locked on oe \ a DEALER (CONT'D) Fu houg#, Kings on Aces. Bond waits Yee the reaction. Le Chiffre merely smiles: ne (2) LE CHIFFRE \ oye ou must have thought I was luffing. <O over TWO JACKS. FOUR OF A KIND. A great hushed reaction in the room. Bond is devastated.
83) 0) text: Bond steps out onto the terrace, looks out over the moonl hills. His world in disarray. How could he have been so wrong? He had Le Chiffre all worked out. Vesper and Mathis watch from inside, almost embarrassed t be watching him, neither knowing what to say.
84) 0) text: Sitting down for the next session, they are removing Bond chair when Bond stops him. Le Chiffre looks surprised.
93) 0) text: Le Chiffre can barely stop his mouth from dropping open a a pale but very determined Bond returns to the table.
93) 2) text: pp LE CHIFFRE NE ae looks most unsettled. .
94) 0) text: Back at the table. Bond and Le Chiffre preternaturally alert, Infante and Fukutu tired, hitting the espressos.
94) 4) dialog: Five million. The others match the bet.
94) 17) dialog: Ten. Bond stares at the community cards, then back at Le Chiff
94) 24) dialog: Very well. A stunned silence in the room. A mountain of plaques and chips on the table.
94) 39) text: Sy a DEALER YS SyFour through eight of spades, the high hand. son 2, Le Chiffre's turn to stare at defeat. A SMALL RED GLOBULE APPEARS IN THE CORNER OF HIS EYE. He takes his hanky, wipes it away, looks across at Bond balefully. Getting up, Le Chiffre pushes past observers as he walks out, vanishes from view. Bond gets up too, Moves to Wolpert.
94) 48) text: 166 INT. /EXT. THE HERMITAGE NIGHTCLUB, HOTEL SP. ye oo 1 NIGHT i WE FOLLOW TWO OF BOND'S SPECIAL ae me a Q) arrive at his patio table, looking out NG som iagse. ok aster and caviar in imtthe corner of the is lit by candles. ables. It's romantic. It's four in the morning. They h front of them. A band is playin, club. The lights are low. T A few couples are dotted abo Vesper takes a TEXT on “ae, she reads it, then: ee Mathis mericans have Saree made cont Gals Le Chiffre. He! ng Ke in his suite; they're going Nae extract him at midnight.
94) 96) dialog: (into phone) Mathis? We've got him. Le Chiffre snaps the phone closed and nods to the driver, who takes off into the night, the second car following. Bond's eyes close again and everything goes BLACK.
96) 7) dialog: I'll need your attention here. Sitting across from Bond, Le Chiffre flicks his wrist upward. We hear the impact of the carpet-beater. Bond convulses in agony.
96) 11) dialog: "Me" sore? Another flick of the wrist. Bond shrieks and slumps.
96) 12) dialog: I never understood all these elaborate tortures. It is the simplest thing to cause more pain than a man can possibly endure. And of course, it is not only the immediate agony, but the knowledge | that if you do not yield soon enough, there will be little sea), to identify you as a man. The O only question remains, will yield in time? ey” He strikes, Bond bites his lip cash Yan scream.
96) 13) dialog: Ms. Lynd will give le account number, if she h Ne and I will the sie sp irse insert my own. All eee you is the ma . Hm, E.kave™a, little itch there, would a ind?
96) 22) dialog: (laughs) I died? T died.
96) 26) dialog: Oh, but you are wrong. Because even after I have slaughtered you and the girl, your people will still welcome me with open arms. Because they need what I know. Bond recognizes this harsh truth. HEARS a scream from the room at the far end of the basement. Bond “es not to react. dv i, LE CHIFFRE Tha’ Give me the password and I least let her live. event enough and she might We NS) ee one piece. BOND && Ss > oe Bond. os Z @y TFFRE enw You reall 't going to tell me, are you? », I think. Le Chiffre bijn ge Wis leg up, kicks Bond square in the chest. i fits tips backwards and Bond's head hits the floor. WO: goes BLACK...and as he opens his eyes to fight tou(e séiousness he only sees FLASHES of the "oy mS ..Sorry. He brings the carpet-beati
96) 29) dialog: (over BLACK) I am going to cut this short. pond sees Le Chiffre's knife flash open. He kneels behind the chair, apparently to slice off his genitals off scree
96) 30) dialog: And feed you what you seem not to value. Bond BLACKS OUT and we HEAR the sound of a silenced weapo One shot, then a grouping. Bond struggles back from the EDGE and through a dutched and partially blocked camera w see a man in SHADOWS stride out of the room where Vesper was being tortured. BLACK AGAIN as... 169 170 ~ereee! 17. 172
96) 33) dialog: (over black) No, tell him. Tell him I will get the money! BACK UP and we see Bond's tortured point of view. MR. WHITE, the man with the shadowed face stands over Le Chiffre.