1) 0) text: Snow on the ground. It's the middle of the night. A car pulls up outside the ultra-modern building. DRYDEN gets out and moves inside.
2) 0) text: Deserted except for the guard at the recepti desk. Dryden mutters a greeting and heads for the eleva
3) 2) text: reach for it, one person cat NE, throws it back. Standing next to the thro ke 9p dark, well built man, applauding the shot alo; with everyone else. Call him PISHER. He glances b. a rowdy group of fans and SPOTS a man watching hit his ‘fe in silhouette: BOND. Fisher reacts, pughes thro ie crowd, away from SILHOUETTE. Le
4) 0) text: Sleek surf. ~ pit only by the skyline beyond. DRYDEN enters, moy ickly to a hidden safe without bothering to turn yt. Jlights. He stops dead when he sees it ajar. Dryden sand sees Bond sitting in the shadows. i se x yy Sy BOND ©) M really doesn't mind us making a Ny Little money on the side, Dryden. She would just prefer it wasn't by gelling secrets.
5) 0) text: Dryden switches on his desk lamp and sits, as cool as an autumn evening. In that same motion he flicks open a hidd panel in his desk, revealing the butt of a semiautomatic.
5) 3) text: Dryden tries not to show he es nly unnerved. meG2, (amiles" 6 ex) You aren't ic eieket fan by any chance, Are INT. CRICKET cree \CLUB HOUSE -- DAY 7 Fisher ae ‘Sxtcrow staircase, leading to a balcony
6) 0) text: Fisher backs up to a washbasin, turns on the tap, throws water on his sweating face - his eyes never ave the door. Suddenly, a burst of cheering from outsid igher instinctively brings the gun up. A seco /) behind
6) 1) text: him, crashes open. Bond. He spins e (grabs him, knocks the gun out of his hand. Fisher attacks. The two tumble ino stalls. The fight is chaotic, both men trying to h, ether in a confined
6) 4) text: space until the stall partitio £oye like dominoes. They fall into the shower room. oye 1k like a madman until finally Bond 2) into the basin, now overflowing with water. olds him under until the body stops writhing and tees) Not a clean kill by any means. He lets the ater Lide to the floor, steps back, considering the d Maat ing him for making this feel so much like... ny
7) 0) text: Bond heads to retrieve his gun. Senses movement. Glimpses Fisher's reflection, aiming a pistol at Bond’s back. Framed against white tiles, Bond whirlszand fires one sho from the Walther, We are looking along:the inside of the barrel of Fisher’s gun. Oo
7) 9) text: window. Call him ATE He thanks the boy in his native tongue; the eams and sits at his feet.
8) 0) text: Obanno sits next to his grizzled LIEUTENANT, flanked by some of the fiercest-looking rebels one would ever want t see. The room is dark, the light fighting 60 way in
8) 2) text: through the cracks in the boards that cov windows that run the length of the room. Obanno,; @ peross the long table at Le Chiffre, who doesn't Zs , uN LE CHIFFRE £\ ¢ . ) Our friend will have tolt oO" that I have provided reliabfé. & ming services for many othe Fyeedom fighters over the | a
8) 4) text: Le chistes eldeg, thie was the wrong answer and clearly doesn't oe SS Obanno smiles. no & J OBANNO Lee want no risk in the portfolio. ON Ye
8) 5) text: SS Agreed. Obanno nods and three metal boxes are placed on the table One of the men opens the closest box, displaying the mone Le Chiffre takes a hit from an inhaler.
9) 0) text: Le Chiffre climbs into his SUV as his bodyguards load the metal boxes into the center one,
10) 0) text: As they move off VALENKA, Le Chiffre's beautiful Russian bodyguard, dials a satellite phone.
11) 0) text: SUPER: MADAGASCAR, We're watching a fight to the death between a cobra and a mongoose. The arena is a derelict empty swimming pool; the audience hundreds of screaming men, urging the animals on. Beyond this, a cluster of erewded shacks and deserted buildings, housing their near starving families. From a second floor we see a man looki down at the spectacle. James Bond, almost unrecognizable, part of scenery. He keeps his eye on a disheveled young man amongst the excited crowd. The youth wears a small backpack and has a white livid burn scar on his right arm CARTER, Bond’s team mate is also in the crowd watching.
11) 11) text: Sorry? Realizes his mistake | Ae . Bomber spots at him. Spoaked, he ates he aping into the pool and running. Carter races secee he drawing his gun. Bond sees this.
11) 12) text: Sop ik ‘oody gun away! I need ive, Carter jump in the pool, trips and falls headlong onto t. Ie The gun fires wildly in the air, sending the: ee panic, people diving in all directions. isvalready racing down an alley, through the shacks, or the jungle beyond. Bond has taken a short cut @ roofs, leaps down, is right behind him,
12) 0) text: Bomber leaps over the hulk of a burnt out car, his agilit amazing. Bond tries to keep up but is losing ground.
13) 0) text: Emerging from the foliage, Bomber almost collides with a rusty chain link fence. Behind it, a large building under conatruction. He is over the fence in a flash. Bond follows, lagging behind; cut off as a diqger passes in front of him. Bomber is now through a gate, dropping behind a stack of girders, He pulls a gun, looks back. Nothing. Suddenly a foreman’s hut in front of him disintegrates. ae Scene 24
13) 5) text: ‘a, framework. Two security men run towar ~He shoots one, sending the other diving for cov m7 he climbs the girders, moving incredibly feet ys vitig an amazing display of “free running”, C
13) 8) text: Bond, realizing he is going to-J éyhim, runs up the arm of a mobile crane, leaps ey ei a lands on top of a stairwell, four floors up. Bomber reaches the fift. ey” find his path blocked by angry workers. One ot oF him, swinging a wrench. Bomber kicks him in the ae shing him back against an upright. He boaneeke Beast plunging off the structure, dragging a wel Poy o with him. His body ricochets off a girder and crashé& to the ground. The welding rig lands next to ham, yee g. cylinders exploding in a ball of flam Now Bond id Getting near, running across narrow girders, floor. a e danger. Bomber has climbed to the top
13) 9) text: floor. es more security men charging across the roof. to~“see Bond, gun in hand, climbing an upright, oo self up onto his level. Bomber fires at Bond Beek behind the upright for protection, dropping his gun he does so, with the security men closing in, Bomber leaps through th air, landing on a huge slab of concrete, being lowered into position from a 200 foot crane. Bond hauls himself back up, sees Bomber climbing like a monkey up the wire cable, heading for the top of the crane. Bond makes the precarious leap onto the concrete block. Crowds of workers are riveted by the spectacle. They watc ag Bond goes after Bomber, two small specks hundreds of feet in the air. Bomber is at the top, climbing into the arm, Bond knows he has to get up there fast so he kicks the quick release lever on the side of the pulley mechani The concrete slab drops away, releasing the tension on th cable which rockets upwards, taking Bond with it. When it reaches top, he grabs onto the metal ribs of the arm. eae Nece”
13) 15) text: quarter, two hundred feet up. One slip and ey would plunge to their deaths. Bomber finally sm &h Bond's head against the ironwork, stunning him. ACH the moment to leap off the crane arm, over a 30 £ \énto the
13) 16) text: s enough, he ié“building, another t. Bomber picks
13) 20) text: arm of a second crane below. If that now jumps from there onto the rock ge yawning gap. Bond can hardly beliave himself up and “free runs” over é se s of sloping roofs, putting a barrier between him pr I pyrsuing security men. ing it, landing awkwardly
13) 23) text: Now Bond does the jump, ba onto the second crane. Hi csr to the roof is even worse, careening off the top o + shaft, falling heavily onto the roof. Bombe ace down a set of stairs, swings cst uilding, lands en the floor me across the outside(of beyond. He pulls yj euptly. Coming at him from the other side is Baddy-xelentless as ever. Bomber charges tow ‘ds an empty elevator shaft, runs down a side walk, nicks off the back and lands on the floor below. Bond 198 s down a stairway, cuts him off. This time Bo is nowhere to go, so he jumps out of the buildi nm a rising construction elevator four floors bej.ow Re there he jumps to the ground and races off.
13) 24) text: 3 ot onto a scissor lift. Grabbing a wrench he masfe) the high pressure hoses, dropping the lift at frighténing speed. Before it reaches the ground, he’s leapt off, running after Bomber.
14) 0) text: Two trucks are at a security gate waiting to pull into heavy traffic. Bomber runs past them, heading out the gate; Bond emerges behind him. Speeding cars block Bomber path, In a breathtaking show of agility he jumps the hood of one onto the roof of another, then across to yet anoth going in the opposite direction, turning up a side road. No such antics for Bond. Vehicles slam on their brakes, swerve wildly as he recklessly navigates the road. Bomber jumps off his car and runs around a corner, Bond sees a van turning the same way, jumps on the back of it. Nowe
15) 0) text: Bomber shows his ID to a security guard at the gate. He's oblivious to the approaching van with Bond clinging on th back. As he passes, Bond sees Bomber heading up the drive towards the embassy building. He curses under his breath; makes a decision. Climbing onto the roof, he launches himself over the concrete wall, lands amongst the shrubbe in the embassy gardens. Rolling onto one knee, looks back at the security gate. All quiet. Glancing up he sees security cameras attached to the building. He moves off. INT. AMBASSADOR’S OFFICE -- DAY 27 2
15) 3) text: BOMBER ~~ wr Just hide me! mS SY Bond bursts through the Kor dha heads for the Bomber. MI ‘ARY ATTACHE This is t ant Embassy! You a So ‘yy BOND Bond oF in in the stomach, dropping him. The Attache shaun but two lightning blows from Bond stop ying up the gun he grabs the retching Bomber by Sy of the neck, hauls him out the door onto a above a courtyard. The Attache hits the alarm Klaxons wail.
16) 0) text: Dragging Bomber with him, Bond sees guards running into the courtyard below. Embassy employees bolt from their offices.
17) 0) text: Two guards grab their weapons, head for the door. On the CCTV screen we see Bond hauling Bomber.
17) 8) text: 31 A large busy room. Mostly we ge cretaries, typists, etc, Bond fires his gun i air, sending everyone screaming and yelling to oe He hurls Bomber through a window, bouncing him bof onto the ground below, losing his backpack ie) way down. EXT, SERVICE aReR 32
17) 10) text: In seconds Bond joined him, scoops up the backpack, grabs the ex and heads for the metal gate at the rear. at s legs suddenly give out and he collapses to the gro ond lifts him up as he hears the sound of of bim) facing them are at least a dozen soldiers, Bond is finished and Bomber knows it. weapons | 8 He turns, holding Bomber in front e, we. Re smiles and spits in Bond’s face. He walks away, turns.
18) 0) text: another alley, pulls Bomber’s wallet and p& hy m the Bond jumps from a wall, heads down an alley rns down backpack. In the wallet he finds Henne) os a playing card ripped in half, the QUEEN OF HEA ie stuffs it into his pocket and checks the carpe One text message, one word: “gd recent messages.
18) 2) text: meee?
18) 6) text: EXT, LE CHIFFRE'S cc a A beautiful 110 foo tethered alongsidé Seeker at anchor, a motor launch INT, LE ae an ¥ACHT - DECK SALON -- CONTINUOUS 35 An ae WUE a Stoom that hosts a high stakes poker game. MADAME Tiaccly Chinese woman, throws in her cards. Now th just two men battling for the pot. oh phe ‘dabs his eye with a handkerchief, which stains he touch. He notices the other remaining player, a vebit#ed Croatian General, looking:
18) 22) text: falling. ou tack falls into frame, the same photo -- "MI6 onele 5 d Prisoner." RISE UP TO SHE; THE HO PARLIAMENT; the familiar icon now hiding inal Sy as skirt. a
18) 24) dialog: (fast and furious:) Who the hell do they think they are?! I report to the Prime Minister, and even he is smart enough not to ask me what we do. Have you ever seen such a pile of self-righteous, ass-covering prigs?! They don't care what we do, they care what we get photographed doing. (MORE)
18) 28) dialog: (as if it's Villiers' fault:) And how the hell could Bond be so stupid?! I give him Double 0 status and he celebrates by shooting up an embassy?! Is the man deranged?? And where the hell is he?! In the old days if an agent did something so embarrassing he'd have the good sense to defect. Christ, I miss the Cold War. And she slams out through the exit door. OC. Sey @ Ny w& 39 op keyboard.
19) 0) text: In a darkened room, fingers PRES
19) 1) text: CLOSE ON SCREEN: ew a) An image of a cell phone acognps iss a mass of detail. A hand pulls a SIM CARD f, Kee s phone and inserts it in a reader attached to top Someone is enact’ data on the text message ‘ELLIPSIS'. First displayed is the sender's cell phone number; wae ‘NUMBER UNREGISTERED! . FINGERS TAP Ry: ve ALL ACTIVITY OF NUMBER! ON SCREEN, Ses ta tells us: Incoming calls: 0. Outgoing:
19) 2) text: Oo. SMS SMS sent: 1. Handshakes: 18.57pm JULY 6 obpm Sone 6, 19.12pm JULY 6. Local Cell time - assed through - on the Bahamas. Bond calls up a 3D zooming closer on those zones: a road passes through them, leads to only one place - a COUNTRY CLUB. fi @ zooms into the three pulsing cellular zones the ho:
19) 4) dialog: You've got a bloody cheek.
19) 8) dialog: Or yourself! You stormed into an embassy! You violated the only absolutely inviolate rule of international relationships! And why? So you could kill a nobody! We needed to question him, not kill him. For God's sake, you're supposed to display some sort of -@ judgment ! Qy oN
19) 10) dialog: Exactly: one bombma trying to find oaitt 2 ri Je are
19) 11) text: network of arya oups is financed and he us one bombmaker ! the big picture, wouldn't tele 2} The man isn't deve ae gger finger we have no idea wh hired him or why! sagen ly realizing) pow the hell did you find where I lived? a _ ‘The same way I found out your name. ‘YWhen you recruited me I thought M was a randomly assigned letter, I had no idea it stood for-- even a ue pel ver! He's a gun for hire, ever to your over-
19) 13) dialog: ~-Utter another syllable and I will have you killed. I knew it was too early to promote you.
19) 15) dialog: At least there won't be any question who to bury. You're a secret agent, for God's sake! Can you at least (MORE)
19) 18) dialog: try not to tell every single person you meet your real name?! Do you have any idea how hard it was to keep it out of the international press?
19) 21) text: M sees she is never going to make a de RA D senor, tries a different tact. ie blunt instrument to Mt tand, but arrogance and areness seldom go hand- 5G (amused), “eo So, I s. KS alf monk, half hitman?
19) 22) text: M gow Bond, this may be too ae ra
19) 23) text: on kill. I need you to uur ego out of the equation ge the situation @ ssionately. I have to know I of trugt you, and that you know & o to trust. And since I don't yknow that, I need you out of my sight. Go and stick your head in the sand somewhere and think about your future. (re: newspaper) Because these bastards want your head. And I'm seriously considering feeding you to them. {ag BOND EXITS) And Bond,.. (he pauses, looks) Don't ever break into my house again.
20) 0) text: Superimpose: NASSAU, GRAND BAHAMA ISLAND. A sea plane lands and taxis toward a small terminal. Beyond we see the gleaming ATLANTIS HOTEL.
21) 0) text: The door opens and passengers disembark from the plane. Bond steps off and rolls up the sleeves of his white shir and takes in the view. Expensive boats cross the harbor; one of them is LE CHIFFRE'S SUN SEEKER, gliding under the two bridges that connect Nassau with mo EXT. TWO LANE ROAD - GRAND BAHAMA -- mn a) 42 Cn ane blacktop. [ eld displaying a the route of the cell
21) 4) text: James swerves around the corner of th Lying on the seat next to him is/ a the map he copied from M's comput’ phone that texted the bomber.
21) 7) text: ess EXT. "ONE AND ONLY" manny BS DAY 43 Bond pulls up among swan. * couple of attractive women carrying tennis r (eis him a second look. He hands his key to the Rahp ey also wears a white shirt and black pants. vheelvaip vay drives around the corner.
21) 8) text: Bond stalls, ty&z A Sy Shoe, glances up and spots several surveillance camé 5. A Jaguar pulls up and a fat, arrogan orts steps out and spots Bond. GERMAN in Te ic
22) 0) text: Bond enters the club, passing others who are running out in response to their car alarms. TWO SECURITY GUARDS barr out of a back corridor. As the guards disappear out the front door, James slips down their corridor, mae”
23) 0) text: Bond enters, locks the door behind him and puts his handh on the desk and turns to the MONITORS. On one screen, the security guards are dealing with the screaming Fat Man an the other car owners out front. Bond quickly locates the DVD library, finds a disc labell JULY 06, feeds it into a machine and jumps to 7:13 pm.
23) 2) text: eZ ON THEIR COMPUTER SCREENS: ee ) vs
24) 0) text: Bond heads bade gown the hall. The SECURITY GUARD turns the corner lana mes toward him.
24) 10) text: RECEPTIONIST aS , FZ Mr. Dimitrios. G
24) 14) text: RECEPTIO(? ts American. Very. NY (leans in) ey, Tf he hasn't 2 ad, I'm not sure I'd mention At. sn't the type to take ba efe Ye 1. ox ~ But if felt compelled to find
24) 19) text: way H=- LATE AFTERNOON 47 Bo sips out of the water. A quick glance down the beach rev SOLANGE riding through the surf on a magnificent horse. She slows and dismounts at her house. Bond offers a smile. She returns it without thinking, then leading her horse, disappears. Bond looks up in time to see Dimitrios step onto his balcony and gaze out at the bay beyond.
25) 0) text: He towels off from his shower and uses his computer to search a SECURE WEBSITE database for DIMITRIOS. He has a hit: ALEX DIMITRIOS, officially listed as a government contrac in Iraq, Afghanistan, Chechneya, Rwanda, Nicaragua, El Salvador, going back to the 70s. Dealer in arms, information, ties to death squads and right wing paramilitary groups.
26) 0) text: Villiers stands over a computer operator, a phone to his ear.
27) 1) dialog: What? VILLIERS cl He's in the Grand Bahamas. C
27) 8) text: Goth be wasting your time. (a8 s he looking at?
27) 11) dialog: 
27) 13) text: Alex Dimitrios,
27) 14) dialog: That slimy bugger? M's screen changes in sync with Villiers' and BOND'S ACTI which WE SEE INTERCUT.
27) 18) dialog: ...Le Chiffre.
28) 0) text: Bond weaves through the crowd; no tuxedos in vacation casinos anymore, he sports a simple polo shirt. He spots the high rollers section, recognizes DIMITRIOS. Bond saunters over and places a large stack of chips on the table.
28) 9) text: ” THIRD PLAYER Kepaseruct ion. Yourself? @ oS BOND (O “import -export, What about you, . i
28) 10) text: oA Dimitrios? DD \y imitrios “ ) DIMITRIOS Deal. As they start another hand, Bond eyes Solange drifting toward their table. She joins Dimitrios, kisses him on the head.
28) 22) text: It's alright - give ajchance to get even. ANS? Dimitrios throws in his (en - triumphantly turns over a pair of kings - three {i ‘al Bond flips up a pair of aces - with one “sae wy the board - three aces - Bond wins. Dimitrios Op the keys. eve his bad luck. Bond takes
28) 26) text: pebog, turns and walks to his wife, at the bar, who sra) her purge. Bond watches as he says something to ife and leaves on his own. She waits a moment, not knowing what to do, trying to save face, then pays for he drink and exits,
29) 0) text: Solange waits at the curb. The valet pulls up in the Asto Martin and she instinctively opens the passenger door. Bond opens the driver's side and Solange realizes her mistake.
29) 13) text: N one drighs= ae ns at She drops into t ssenger seat, Bond guns the engine, drives around the rele and stops eS, Ey? BOND J ever so humble. ec " opens her car doer, Solange laughs. 55 GC sta -- NIGHT 55 eoyioe Dimitrios off. He's met by Kratt.
30) 0) text: Kratt shows Dimitrios onto the yacht, where Valenka waits topside. She shows him below, Prelap:
30) 3) text: “mr It's your plan, all I did was get you the man.
30) 30) text: Not ae -— Solange startski her way down his chest and lower. as BOND gaa zor | you something personal? oO, SOLANGE &Q (moving lower) re would seem an appropriate time. ta on P SS yy BOND Ny Does "ellipsis" mean anything to you?
30) 40) text: Bond stands and walks to the phone in the She rolls over and watches him. Bond sp i BOND (CONT'D) Ke wy Yes, Bond, suite 119. poe ) oe chilled Bollinger R.D.s 4
30) 46) text: The bathroom door
31) 0) text: Bond hop’ eG te beautiful Aston and takes off. INTs: MIAMI FREEWAY -- NIGHT Rey eS in the back seat, his eyes on the cab in front. ee FREEWAY -- NIGHT City lights stretch out ahead, as the first cab passes under a floodlit sign: DOWNTOWN MIAMI.
32) 0) text: Dimitrios sits in the back, expressionless. Next to him lies a zip bag.
33) 0) text: It's busy. A huge sign over the facade reads BODY WORLD EXHIBITION. The cab pulls to the curb and Dimitrios steps eut holding the zip bag. As he pays the fare the second cab pulls in. Bond steps out and hands the driver some money . iv ng room. ky at the phone:
34) 0) text: A vast area, crowded even though it's late at night. Sign for the Body World exhibit boast that it is open 24 hours Bond steps up to the ticket kiosk, watching Dimitrios han his overcoat and zip bag to the coat check girl. Bond watches her hang up the coat and hand him “ He follows Dimitrios down the stairs to rape below. INT. BODY WORLD EXHIBIT oy 65 Dark, with pools of light ae various groupings, bodies cut and expose, mNw41 their gory glory. The cadavers are posed in ever ee gettings, without velve ropes or any other sort of S spp ecees them and the gawking crowds.
34) 1) text: Bend follows Dimitrios Ll Dimitrios pauses at a poker table, four sé Biavers mid-game., Dimitrios slips a cell phone from ‘(G09 types a text message then puts it away. Dimitsdds: sJeasually drops something onto poker table, s@ai a nearby faces, then weaves through the crowd heading Sonera the exit. Bond doesn't follow. Instead he Si E ae to the poker table, close enough to see the coats cheek tag sitting atop one of the hands on the repte a "keeper". Bond moves on without pausing and 8 RR So spot a distance off to watch. ‘9 up to the poker exhibit and inspect the bodies, BS) me touches, or even seems to notice, the tag.
34) 2) text: nons Zenges something beside him, turns -- just in time - slips under the arm that holds a stiletto that was meant for his back and grabs Dimitrios’ wrist, twists it, forci the knife back towards his stomach. They remain locked, a test of strength, neither face betraying any effort. All this amongst crowds of people, totally unaware of the dra being played out in front of them. Bond suddenly glances away, diverting Dimitrios’ attention, then turns him with an arm lock, thrusts the knife into his back. Taking him by the shoulders he sits him down on a seat. Joining him, Bond pulls the cell phone from the dead man’s pocket - flips it open and checks for sent messages, Just one.
34) 10) text: o his ear and 8 dark-coated “phone to his ear. flips it open and hits redial. watches the crowd. One ring. Tw “yy MAN'S Vj ee ov What? ue aya Bond hangs up, already AG ) The man tosses thi eh the trash bin and scans the street behind him. ye CARLOS. He hops into a cab. Bond follows. 4
34) 12) text: EXT. MIAMI i POR'D;"- CONCOURSE - NIGHT 67 Cars, buse PND! pesble. It's busy. A cab pulls in. Carlos gets out eg g the zip bag and pays the cabbie. Bond’s ie way behind. He slips the driver a hundred te; follows Carlos into the terminal.
35) 0) text: Stepping up to the metal detector, Carlos suddenly “remembers” that he is carrying his key ring - hands it t the security guard who checks it. Hanging from the ring is a tiny flashlight. In an adjacent line, Bond is having his boarding pass checked. (The reason he bought the ticket). He watches Carlos step through the detector, without setting off the alarm. The guard hands him back his keys. He retrieves the coat and zip bag from the x- ray machine as Bond moves through the metal detector. INT. AIRPORT SHOPPING MALL - NIGHT o 71 People everywhere. Bond keeping sight of Rf :) now walkin into a duty free emporium. He fase he on thes of perfume on display. Bond gazes up at bis) partures screen acting “normal”, but not before ae Svat ens him reflected aL
35) 3) text: in one of the display’s vanity m s A passenger cart crosses in front of Bond, moment, locking his vision. When it clears, his quarry has,-v hed. ne wy JIA INT. MENSWEAR SHOP - wets Carlos goes into a chants 1d om and closes the curtain, He unzips the bag, eee a security uniform.
35) 7) text: Bond scans the people moving to and Increasingly wor. hed, fro in ec higveyes. Then he notices the zip bag in the hands | ‘the, menswear shop assistant, looking for it owner. pen and clothes are bulging out the top. Bond iookg) “Repst ~- nothing unusual - passengers, shopp fora, aches security men. Then the other. Heading es door across the other side is a security aiEference is he’s not wearing a side-arm. Bond guieely but Carlos is at the door, punching a keypad. s it and goes through. The door swings shut leaving Bond “stranded.
36) 0) text: Carlos moving past offices down a long corridor. He steps back to allow a mail cart to pass - glances back at the “NO ACCESS” door.
37) 0) text: Struggling to contain his frustration, Bond's eyes settle en the keypad next to the door. He pulls out Dimitrios’ cellphone, brings up “ELLIPSIS”, punches the letters into the keypad - the door opens and he is through. a
38) 0) text: Turning into another corridor, Carlos passes a couple of security officers walking the opposite way. He looks up, sees a CCTV monitor. The image shows Bond walking down the long corridor he has just come from. Carlos quickens his pace...
39) 0) text: ...and moves down some stairs, sees security men coming out of a locker room. Opposite is a canteen. Clearly this is where the security department is hagseé More stai lead down to the outside where security vel eS eg are par up, their drivers, smoking and chatting. we cD
39) 1) text: INT, ADMIN AREA - CORRIDOR - NIGHT @) yyy 75 Bond calls on his handheld as he we 8) BOND € It’s Bond for her. AOS ar 16 as
40) 1) text: Carlos enters, switches = he light, grabs a broom and places the handle glass bulb of a fire sprinkler - he smashes it. “ INT. VILLIER’S Villiers See in front of his computer. M approaches er office and snatches up Villiers’ desk phone. e@
40) 5) text: yy VILLIERS See s at Miami airport.
41) 0) text: Fire alarms scream, water gushes out of the sprinklers. Bond takes the phone from his ear, runs towards the secur area but freaked employees spill into the corridor blocki his way.
42) 0) text: Drenched security men run out of the locker room and canteen, heading upstairs to help evacuate the area. The men from outside jain in. One man seems completely unfaze by the chaos.
43) 0) text: Panicking people barge past Bond. He's moving against the tide, struggling to make headway. Now the security men have arrived, yelling at everyone to stay calm. Nobody’s listening. Bond may hear M’s voice but he chooses to igno it.
43) 1) dialog: (over the phone) Q Bond! BOND! ce oF) INT/EXT. STAIRS/LOCKER se NNT Va 79 Security vehicles screech to a One As the security men are running up, carte going down. Bond is now at the top of the stair ~~ inst the wall, letting the men rush past, trying BS nprane of Carlos. The spraying water makes it nO ossible. x is ndheld)
43) 3) text: ‘Sy BOND into handheld) arms have been triggered, klers are on, Something’s There’s no target here.
43) 6) dialog: S 5 What do you mean there’s no target? It’s an airport, that is a target!
44) 0) text: Bond moving down the stairs,
45) 0) text: The hangar doors are opening revealing the nose of a huge gleaming airliner. A temporary grandstand is being erecte Catering vehicles are arriving, their ID’s being checked by security. INT. VILLIER’S OFFICE - MORNING 81 Villiers has found something on his computer.
45) 2) dialog: What about it?
45) 11) text: Lon “ire emergency, can’t you hear the KR Je Syalarm? ! é The* rtled driver rewinds the hose. Carlos goes to the truck’s petrol tank, opens it and, unseen by the driver, takes out the small torch we saw on his key ring earlier. He twists the base, igniting a tiny red light, drops it into the tank. He pulls out a cellphone. On the screen an equivalent red light flashes.
46) 0) text: Bond has moved onto the tarmac running under the parked planes. Behind him more fire engines and police cars heading for the emergency. He pulls up, gasping for breat Pivoting slowly, he scans the area, looking for the secur car. No sign, Then he sees it. The fuel tanker in the distance, blue light reflected in the cab windows. The car is hidden by the tanker but the reflection gives it away.
47) 0) text: The tanker driver jumps into the cab, starts the engine. The passenger door opens and Carlos drops in beside him. Before the driver can utter a word Carlos breaks his neck He opens the door, kicks the body onto the tarmac. Puttin his gun and cellphone on the seat, Carlos drives off...
48) 0) text: ...heading towards the runway. As the tanker picks up speed Bond races to meet it. Carlos sees him, puts his foot down. The tanker heads towards a row off che launches h himself into the air and lands on top of pehe (eager. N ey”
48) 7) text: ioving to its gate, drives up onto it, run across Carlos heads straight for a wien Je avoid being swept off. under the wing. Bond has = and jump back onto the tan } a As he lands he loses his. ting, falls over the side, ee m barely hold on. Carlos sees manages to grab a Atr this in his wing mi eads for an approaching tow tug. He deliberately gcrapes the side of it. Bond has to let go or be crushed- We Sw
48) 8) text: He hits th eu d, rolls and is on his feet running towards the stoppe ug, He throws the driver off, leaps aboard and driv x the tanker, now heading towards the “live” Exg.))- ‘AR ON OTHER SIDE OF RUNWAY - NIGHT 87 ifig vehicle is being hooked up to the airliner. Outs2de, the activity has increased. Network TV vans can be seen, camera platforms are being erected.
49) 0) text: Bond maneuvers alongside the tanker. Carlos rams into the side of the tow tug. Bond is almost thrown off, recovers, slams into the tanker, trying to turn it away from the fast approaching runway. Carlos is hurled across the cab. The cell phone falls to the floor. He grabs his gun, star firing down at Bond. Bond rams the tanker, throwing Carlo back. Security vehicles are racing towards the scene.
51) 0) text: Cutting in front of Bond, Carlos swerves around a row of freestanding gangways. Suddenly a moving baggage train crosses in front of him. The tanker hits it, dead center smashing the cages, spraying luggage into the air. Bond manages to steer around the front of the train, saving th drivers life.
51) 3) text: At the game moment an empty “caterpillar” bus going in th opposite direction crosses his path. Bond throws himself onto the floor. The tow tug goes straight through the middle “concertina” section, cutting the bug“in two. The tanker emerging from the wreckage of the 33 e train hits the severed back half of the bus, sp{hn rape off to one side. The impact shatters the win: d}-4nd causes the tanker to go into a sideways skid, 3 .
51) 5) text: Security vehicles, now nina. Gun shots ring out 3 as the men open ie een screams into his radio: “A 0: DER Hold 4eu ! But the dama: i \pne, Fuel is spurting out bullet holes in the tank, ON , Ce OTHER SIDE OF RUNWAY - NIGHT 91 Oe /) in EXT. The- fli: Y is almost out of the hangar.
52) 0) text: Security men are yelling instructions, telling the worker to move. The Chief Security Officer is listening to urgen instructions spilling from his radio. He can see the tank heading straight towards them.
53) 0) text: Carlos tries to use his gun but Bond smashes his hand against the dash loosening his grip. Bond takes it. Carlo grasps Bond’s wrist preventing him from firing. He gasps as Bond grips him in a choke hold. Despite this he makes a deliberate move to steer the tanker towards the airline He smashes Bond with his elbow and heaves him through the shattered windshield. Bond manages to cling onto the edge of the screen with one hand and still keep hold of the gu in the other. Carlos thumps his boot onto Bond’s knuckles He lets go, almost drops under the tanker, manages to get a grip on the fender. With his legs china on the concrete he can barely hold on. a BY flash past, the airliner rushes towards him. Carlos reaches under the seat, feeling(/ SP “cell phone. Bond aims under the tanker at ene e, shoots. It explodes, the tanker weaves. oe the wheel, keeps control. Bond blasts the coher fas re, but still the tanker holds its course. marie oe Hand finds the cell phone and pulls it out. The pend on top of the airliner. He’s about to IBS button when Bond shoots out the front tire. The tanker yaws wistenaley skids sideways, the wheel rims sending up showers (oF ( spi Carlos is hurled against the door, drops the hone’. “ine tanker grinds to a halt, half an inch fre@ "rhe sairliner. reaches in: e cab, pulls out the cell phone, puts his finger on ep ton. A shot rings out. A surprised look crosses | ade. The door ope Athe yf shattered Carlos staggers out, He gk soft to~ Je ground revealing Bond standing behind him, a el VEHICLES Scream up and surround Bond, men aiming weapons, shouting for him to put his gun down. He does so and raises his arms.
57) 4) text: 4 Bond can em on AR dD ; cS M (CONT'D) K)-Nysne was tortured first. As you'd “')" already killed her husband she of must have been the only one left to question. Did she know anything that could compromise you?
57) 6) dialog: Not your name, what you were after...
57) 13) dialog: Dimitrios worked as middle man, always knew how to put his hands on weapons and people who could use them. Worked with anyone who had the money. For years he was tied to a man we knew as Le Chiffre; private banker to terrorists aes) organized crime. He invested t. money and gave them agcess | re se wherever they needed it. took a disliking to him attee (coyse OD Storm and cut off his héa
57) 14) text: Bond tries hard not to show sven e of remorse. M sees a man approaching with a br ae pase, snapping on rub gloves. iS kh Oh good, yea) i (to fouls Roll up Atou hays ve. following the man in the rubber He does so Ul gloves swabs his t ‘and prepares something that looks like a “eS ‘YM shows Bond file photos of Le Chiffre.
57) 15) text: eps M (CONT'D) flian, we believe. Chess (hier. bit of a mathematical SY Ce nius Loved to prove it by laying poker. ron sonateche the technician load a pea-sized pod into the n and fire it into the backside of his wrist. THWACK!
57) 17) dialog: Yes. (and on) When they analyzed the stock market after 9/11 the CIA discovered there had been massive shorting of airline stocks. When the stocks hit bottom on 9/12 somebody made a fortune. (MORE)
57) 20) dialog: The same thing happened this morning Samer” with Boeing stock -- or was supposed to. With their prototype destroyed the company would have been near bankruptcy. Instead, someone lost over a hundred million dollars, betting the wrong way.
57) 22) dialog: (hands him fax) Which would explain how he able to set up a high game at Casino Royale in’ Ten players, ten millign. buy-in, five million xe . Winner- takes-all. Potentidi ly 2 hinazed and fifty million; 23y
57) 24) dialog: We nt bm alive. Le Chiffre eeR have 100 million to lose.
57) 26) text: 0) he was playing the market with se “nis clients! funds. They won't Ylike it when they find out it's " ‘y one. YY g M hedds back INTO THE HOUSE, Bond walks with her.
57) 27) dialog: If he loses this game, he'll have nowhere to run. We'll give him sanctuary in return for everything he knows. We're putting you in the game, replacing someone playing for a syndicate. According to Villiers, you are the best player in the service. Trust me, I wish that wasn't the case.
57) 39) dialog: I would ask if you can remain emotionally detached, but I don't think that's your problem, is it Bond?
57) 41) dialog: Don't worry about keeping in touch?’ we'll know where you are. P
57) 44) text: EXT. REMOTE RAIL STATION, ALPS -- ames 99 A helicopter lifts off. A train ws in the distance. Bond steps onto the deserted platft 2)
59) 0) text: Bond has a drink in his hand and Bliss' portable DVD play on his lap, studying the technique of one of the players. He rubs his eyes and glances out of the window as the tra pulls into a station. ON THE PLATFORM a BEAUTIFUL WOMAN in cas Sa strides a purposefully to board the train. His her every move. She disappears and he toadk Seay INT. DINING CAR, TRAVELING -- anda) 102 Bond looks up from his menu toes ‘the beauty from the platform enter the dining ca seating a no-nonsense but well-fitted suit. om OF €o his table. or Every-péenny sof it DVD. Vesper sits, rts look, Bond feigns innocence. She hands over ngs card, the type every bureaucrat has.
59) 2) text: e ©, treasury has agreed to stake you oo Ry the game. Ky € ») BOND N. (examining card) 'Vesper'? I hope you gave your parents hell for that.
59) 27) text: surmise?
59) 29) text: VESPER / er» > Which one can “yor S attractive woman with me eos Gs < overcompensates tly masculine Al 4, being more aggressive le colleagues, which gi hef7“a somewhat prickly anor and, ironically, makes s likely to be accepted and
59) 31) text: (ee ted by her male superiors, oe mistake her insecurity for ‘rogance. I would normally have said only child, but by the way Yyou ignored the quip about your name and your parents I would go with... orphan? etends not to be both stung and impressed. Bond not to gloat. She sizes him up.
59) 39) text: _ SSyinagine that you think of women as disposable pleasures rather than meaningful pursuits, so as charming as you are, I will be keeping my eye on our government's money and off your perfectly formed ass.
60) 0) text: SUPERIMPOSE: MONTENEGRO as a train arrives at a town in the hills, dominated by the fading grandeur of the CASINO ROYALE.
61) 3) text: Bond and his porter catch up with Vesper, fe iently rolling her own bags. They head for thepwat ee eg) car. Vesper can't help but notice the nD ed:policemen on patrol. BOND a) Did you have a good ao casio Yes, only vee ote SY eurnea by nightmares o “ical and financial pa It's so x Np as a citizen, to k oY ats, eo are concerned about Se anes
62) 0) text: Bond slides in the other side, opens the envelope, which appears to contain two passports. Bond raises the privacy partition as he scans the accompanying note. BOND fe Last minute details. We are O-
62) 1) text: apparently very much in love. Ne te ) os é
62) 16) text: \70h no, I don't. Ms
63) 5) text: ~— FRONT DESK CLERK ion \Satelcone, Mr. Bond.
63) 14) text: She hits the buttog ofa ¥p doors close. As Bond smarts from the remark the\g. sxk’ skips up with a manilla envel
63) 23) text: Bond strides up to the brand new gun-metal grey Aston Martin. He slides in and quickly checks it out. He pulls a note out of the torn envelope, reads it.
65) 0) text: The Aston snakes through the narrow streets and arrives i the town square. They park and walk toward a restaurant, passing armed militia and men in dark glasses. One man pays particular attention to them -- call him MATHIS. EXT. RESTAURANT TERRACE Oy 112 New Money types lunch. Mathis waves at af ©!) MATHIS Nay @ yy Over here <) (as they approach) ow Renee Mathis. I know yet two are. Are you thirst Re
65) 5) text: ese doak ean Ber You, sean - és She gives him a a takes the champagne. Mathis offers her his arm a théy stroll toward the bar.
65) 17) text: BUSHY MOUSTACHE sitting wi n much too young for Mathis never turns. Bond gla ois eft to see a MAN with a a him. aa The man ffi Yshoe-brush on his face. We t about trying to buy 4 ces but frankly coungn earfora to out-bid Le
65) 18) text: Ch: wig Behind matte. ICE VEHICLES scream up into the square. Mathis c y heard the brakes screeching but he doesn't look. pb ok uniformed cops jump out and charge the a glances at Mathis, concerned that the cops for them. Mathis seems oblivious.
65) 30) text: 2 Vesper takes her drink and w wGrsro the edge of the terrace to take in the wo. sy” For someone showers at the Treasury, the itl has nerve; didn't flinch at ‘t#ttle show.
66) 0) text: Vesper drops onto the seat in her spacious bathroom. She dumps her makeup onto the counter, looks at herself in th mirror and considers the job at hand. As she opens her first bottle there is a rap at the door. © “
66) 3) text: door. sown Something I pickgg aH a little place nearby. x)
66) 5) text: I need u looking fabulous, so th whet}¥you walk up behind me oH me on the neck, the players from me will be thinking (ge your neckline and not about t phir cards. Do you think you can c& aN f N andle that? RQ yy VESPER SY I'll do my best.
67) 0) text: Bond saunters across the street from the hotel and arrive at the elegant, if time-worn, Casino. oven” Som
68) 0) text: Bond passes through the metal detector, moves through the busy casino and enters the velvet-roped salle privee. He eyes LE CHIFFRE, who approaches.
68) 4) text: As the BANKER (MEND) ‘talks, we examine the players: an Argentinean bid , Gallardo; a long-haired Japanese software king, ; the deposed African dictator, Infante, as 1 ag$“an American, Wolpert; a Russian, nag oral sae hinese woman from the yacht, Madame Wu,
68) 6) text: and Italia: mogul Tomelli and a German countess, Grafin M 5 é \ MENDEL “& a \/Monsieurs et Madame, you have each * € y) deposited ten million dollars. Le Further buy-ins of five million will be by electronic transfer. The money will remain in escrow until I return and the winner of the contest enters his or her password into He opens an attaché case with a screen and cowled keyboar
68) 11) text: from his inhaler. For a fractio#% glaze over. aX “ The Dealer distributes sin ESS Ss. wed
68) 17) text: Rather than examine his own cards, Bond watches each play looking for reactions. No-one gives anything away. Bond notices Mathis at the bar. And the game commences. Fukutu, the first to have to bet, folds his cards. The next player is Infante, the exiled dictator:
68) 29) text: me)
68) 32) text: down the next common card ('the turn'). Again, esn't look, watching Le Chiffre's reaction. The card is a 9. The finger presses tight against Le Chiffre's cheek. Bond looks at the card. So now there's a pair out in the open. Could Le Chiffre be holding the other nines? Doesn' Matter anyway, because Bond has already decided to go all the way and find the meaning of the finger by the eye. Le Chiffre bets:
68) 48) text: Issued to Production Dec 20, 2005 57. CONTINUED: (3) lal Vesper and Mathis watch Bond carefully. Everyone is mesmerized. Bond pushes in two hundred thousand.
68) 52) text: buzz in the crowd. Le Chiffyele yt believe his luck, rakes in the chips, a ghint-gt\t umph as he eyes Bond. In forcing him to show t ey of twos, Bond has stripped him naked, and Le Chiff reads this in his eyes. : (ap (to Di 2) PleaséS@ndsthe barman over. The zr germ surprised at this request, but hi indicates barman to come over. Le Chiffre watches all this wi MS tering irritation. The barman arrives: (cy BOND (CONT'D) LE yE dry martini. RE sy BARMAN SYS Oui, monsieur. He's about to go:
68) 81) text: Ne Bluffs? (epee, best hand. SOO Bon he Yyot on the last card. dds against were twenty-three oe and he'd know that. When de that first big raise he trying to scare me out, he had oe Winning was blind luck. (another subject:) ua you get it?
68) 86) text: Mathis slips a small silver disk into Bond's hand. Bond puts his drink on the bar and returns to the table. Mathi watches him go. Not wanting to be seen doing the same, Vesper purposely turns her back so that she is facing the bar.
68) 95) text: Mathis exits. Jamés aye arm around Vesper's waist and watches discretely tHer shoulder. In the background Le Chiffre Leavegxx st and heads for the exit.
68) 97) text: d Bond doogiist Peepond He finishes his drink, sees he's being oh by another of Le Chiffre's stooges: LEO. He toward him and runs a hand up the full length pe: e to her neck. Her body reacts involuntarily.
71) 0) text: ok Sion James and Vesper enter oy street, playing up their "honeymooners" role, Tt ound each other. While walking, Bond flips out oe . They stop at the CONCIERGE
71) 2) text: ‘BOND ou have a package for No The conci aS. nds the manilla envelope Bond took from
71) 5) text: the ca ‘ands it to Bond. They punch the elevator oe ane ~ x Ee) CHIFFRE'S SUITE 126 Obanrio chokes Le Chiffre. Obanno's LIEUTENANT restrains Valenka, holding a machete to her neck.
73) 6) text: indicating L hit ‘e -- both on a 3D grid. As they rise he can get idea where they are in relation to each other. sath s his finger into the 4th floor button. Vesper hi dm his silenced Walther. ¢ eo 130 the elevator, moves off in the direction the finder Aiim, then realizes what he's hearing over his
74) 10) text: hurries toward it. me ck to the suite door.
75) 0) text: Obanno swings the n arp machete down from over his head and...sto Gils a half an inch from Valenka's arm. Holding it there Xpe ‘turns his head and looks at Le Chif
75) 12) text: gr She takes off down the oe makes it to...
75) 14) text: tui over the railing above and plummet toward her. They“land just a few treads away, flailing at each other, the machete drawing blood, as
75) 28) text: corner -- Obanno atop Bond atop Véspers ail facing upward Obanno turning blue from the cholkghe oly -- sees:
76) 0) text: Bond tosses his bloodied shirt, pulls off his jacket and focuses to slow his breath. He washes the blood off a cut wound on his arm -- the blood swirling down the sink. He sticks on a quick bandage, wipes the blood off the countertop and the sweat from under his arms, _ then fina leans on the sink and stares at himself in mirror. Only now do we glimpse that he is having a yea time with
76) 6) text: the killings. He looks down at the counter ces he's leaving red hand prints on the white m apie, G shes his hands again. CP ) Se .
77) 0) text: fs We move with Bond as he adjust yshirt -- identical to “Hotices a fleck of blood up a napkin without nds the used napkin to a the one he wore this morning / on the black jacket a ore pausing, dabs the red ont Thank yous passing waiter. f er
78) 0) text: It's hours later, Bond lets himself in, undoing his tie t reveal a very creased shirt. In the shadowed bedroom he sees Vesper's gown on the floor, an empty wine bottle on the table, hears her shower running. Tired and jaded, he doesn't think too much of it, pulls off his shirt -- yes, he has been sweating.
78) 9) text: xX we BOND (pert x? ok on BK VESPER LOSSY. (leoks at them) ww) Thanks. +.-You cold?
79) 0) text: Bond steps up to Vesper's bedroom door, sees her sleeping naked under her sheets, the rest of the bed pristine -- she slept alone. Bond checks his vibrating phone for a text message, closes Vesper's bedroom door and exits. Sn
80) 0) text: Bond finds Mathis looking down at the hotel parking lot.
80) 3) text: MATHIS east Being dead doesn one can't still be helpful, Ca actual phone will be a goldse a tm sure. ey Nicely dove 4 sS
81) 0) text: SHOTS OF - dealt hands being lifted, chips being tossed i the pot, hands thrown away. The Argentinean goes all in with his remaining chips. And looks disgusted as he is beaten. He's out. Leaves. More chips going in, more cards dealt to the weary player Another player tosses his cards down, gets up angrily. Out of the game.
82) 2) text: watch from the rail. MATHIS a Look. It's the tell. He's OO, bluffing. My God, James was Re A) Bond looks to Vesper, who tries to oni? ES k at him. His
82) 3) text: face remains hard. AG Ne Sy
82) 6) text: still pres y nis cheek. The five re is) face-up are A-J-J-K-K. os es at them. Knocks the table. on VESPER
82) 18) text: He is silenced by Le Chiffre ee 5G his money in. For a moment, Bond has doubts. we)” Mister rear been called. Bond shows his cards.
82) 20) text: Eyes locked on oe \ a DEALER (CONT'D) Fu houg#, Kings on Aces. Bond waits Yee the reaction. Le Chiffre merely smiles: ne (2) LE CHIFFRE \ oye ou must have thought I was luffing. <O over TWO JACKS. FOUR OF A KIND. A great hushed reaction in the room. Bond is devastated.
83) 0) text: Bond steps out onto the terrace, looks out over the moonl hills. His world in disarray. How could he have been so wrong? He had Le Chiffre all worked out. Vesper and Mathis watch from inside, almost embarrassed t be watching him, neither knowing what to say.
83) 10) text: I'm sorry.
83) 11) text: f C SY (stops tee dh acing "Sorry?" Use tha “in a sentence. "Sorry Le Chaé is going to win and go ftindi terror and killing people in Ss and supermarkets?" fdren are going to die as the alk past stray shopping ba % or rked cars?" That kind Bepy? @ Sd VESPER ek winning is not going to stop Eo Ny terortat bombings. If you think
84) 0) text: Sitting down for the next session, they are removing Bond chair when Bond stops him. Le Chiffre looks surprised.
85) 2) text: powder into the drink with the mom and stirs. The barman returns with two glasses of Peles water as THE WAITER approaches to take the tra Co y Follow the waiter to th ey re, where she places the glass without the lemon=t ront of Tomelli, who looks to be barely hanging Ant Bs game. She places the other in front of Bond. He Sips’ Plays his cards. Wins the hand.
85) 5) text: MOMENTS LATER: x 149 At the tab: ond takes a sip of his drink, confidence growing. Hiks\c eyes flick to Vesper, watching, wondering how he g into the game. A hand is dealt, played. Bond c a cards, closes his eyes -- just a blink. oa be Sa of)! 150
85) 7) text: ope is eyes again and it's a COMPLETELY DIFFERENT HAND. He realizes moments have passed! He's disoriented, losing focus. Things are taking on a yellow tint, coronas formin around lights. Bond shakes it off, trying to clear his mind, sweating. Smells the glass; realizes he's been poisoned.
87) 1) text: Ash white, heart pounding, blear x Sana stumbles across the street, narrowly missing bein un)jover by passing cars. He finds his Aston ae in a dark corner, unlocks it with a push of ab uy pens the door and falls into the seat. He slams(h 3Vfist into the glove compartment, tears out gee ond grabs the MEDIPAC.
87) 4) text: He closes his eyes for j cond --- opens them -- sees:
88) 1) text: Villiers opens the door without knock izig, M looks up,..
90) 2) text: 159 160 161 162 Seem
92) 0) text: M listens to the doctors argue.
92) 4) text: Bontdjdbs himself hard in the neck with the blue combipen
92) 6) dialog: Bond?... But the VOICE FADES and he blacks out, comes to, blacks out, slipping away.
92) 10) dialog: Bond! Push the damn button!
92) 14) text: “ee His eyes flutter open again... and like a dream, VESPER i over him. He looks up at her. For a moment she hesitates...then bends down and finds the lead, attaches it and fires the defibrillator. A huge jolt of power goes through Bond and he spasms. Bond exhales. A dying rasp, a breath of life. Vesper is shaking. Stunned that she just & d. his life, she slumps down beside him. £ “y . “ec Bond recovering now, breathing steady. (iy inally pulls the syringe out of his neck. So
93) 0) text: Le Chiffre can barely stop his mouth from dropping open a a pale but very determined Bond returns to the table.
93) 2) text: pp LE CHIFFRE NE ae looks most unsettled. .
93) 7) text: <) x “BATHROOM MIRROR, SHATTERED. 164 nono Zale the red combipen from his pocket. Puts a foot on the sink counter - and jabs the combipen into his leg.
94) 8) text: s all in with $9om. Fukutu looks again at his car everything he has left. Nine Everyone matches his bet ol) a MATHIS & VESPER L fm Sy < Gre (CONT'D) k ‘fish, possible full house, Sixty million in the hand is getting out of
94) 39) text: Sy a DEALER YS SyFour through eight of spades, the high hand. son 2, Le Chiffre's turn to stare at defeat. A SMALL RED GLOBULE APPEARS IN THE CORNER OF HIS EYE. He takes his hanky, wipes it away, looks across at Bond balefully. Getting up, Le Chiffre pushes past observers as he walks out, vanishes from view. Bond gets up too, Moves to Wolpert.
94) 48) text: 166 INT. /EXT. THE HERMITAGE NIGHTCLUB, HOTEL SP. ye oo 1 NIGHT i WE FOLLOW TWO OF BOND'S SPECIAL ae me a Q) arrive at his patio table, looking out NG som iagse. ok aster and caviar in imtthe corner of the is lit by candles. ables. It's romantic. It's four in the morning. They h front of them. A band is playin, club. The lights are low. T A few couples are dotted abo Vesper takes a TEXT on “ae, she reads it, then: ee Mathis mericans have Saree made cont Gals Le Chiffre. He! ng Ke in his suite; they're going Nae extract him at midnight.
94) 51) text: Se ye xX BOND ws fabw I think I'll call this eG esper. ZL sy! VESPER A A cause of the bitter aftertaste? N y, BOND Because after you've tasted it...it's all you want to drink. She laughs at him and his charming, corny line.
94) 61) text: then. You can out Lae easily, can't you? Zee men last night,
94) 63) text: I know Attacking you, but it ae doother you, killing them? ‘\
94) 81) text: Bond just catches sight of Vesper in the back before a hand pushes her down. He runs to the Aston Martin, ROARS after it.
94) 89) text: hits the windshield and CRACKS i, SO. blacks out. We COME UP FROM BLACK as his ne NS rtyer open...
96) 0) text: Bond's eyes open as he is dropped on the floor by the two THUGS who dragged him in, his hands bound behind him. The first thing he sees is
96) 19) text: Angered, L ffre hits even harder. James grimaces but
96) 21) text: (recovers) Now you can tell all your friends that you died scratching my balls.
96) 37) text: ze A FACE of anothess font, a woman on a parked gurney, stares back BondYas he passes -- SOLANGE, lying dead, eyes locke a\his, her look asking why he did this to her. Bond ye his head to keep watching. It's the last ima 7B sees before he PASSES OUT again. From BLACK Re IMPSE
96) 41) text: AC HONY of VOICES as the medical team swirls in and most?y out of focus around Bond. A BLURRY NURSE, masked head to toe, puts a mask over Bond's nose and mouth and asks him to "count backward from one hundred." James slip uncomfortably into BLACKNESS. Then GLIMPSE:
97) 0) text: A BLUR OF IMAGES...A NURSE pumping James' leg toward his gut, noticing his flickering eyes.
97) 8) text: JAMES (CONT'D) @y” (barely audible) £& Not him.
97) 14) text: bes JAMES yy Don't trust him. The fhapes take focus -- it's Vesper hurrying out of the recovery room. Suddenly MATHIS appears right beside him.
98) 0) text: Bond opens his eyes to see in a robe, a few days stronger, but still weak, jase) in a wheelchair taking in the breeze from Lake nee Mathis sits opposite him.
98) 22) text: Bond wakes in a Sees lounge chair. His stubble has turned into quite a megan 22 beard. Vesper sits beside him, more Bie pan ever.
98) 53) text: She looks at him. He smiles. She is touched to point of tears. Forcing them away, she types in P-E-R. Mendel closes the briefcase.
99) 6) text: the foreground an unused falls and knocks over another tray, resulting . her burst of Vesper's laughter, which quick ERERS to gasps of consuming
100) 1) text: of the holds ying Vesper. Both are naked, and damn if James' arms’ ‘t just in the wrong places, so all we get al oS is teased? )
100) 2) text: po RSE A): Sono. No, that's not going to happen. x) James, I'm serious. This is my serious face. Do you see it? You're good at reading people, what does this face say? Anchored in pembera lonely bay. James climbs up out xo
101) 0) text: vesper surfaces and throws back her hair. James comes up beneath and behind her and wraps his hands around her wai
101) 11) text: she races him.
101) 24) text: (thrown) You love me? « us has ~ it wilt to be you, I don't think now what an honest job is y We But Vesper 4 longer playing the game. face tow y and looks into his eyes.
102) 0) text: Vesper steers their small yacht toward the
102) 1) text: honest job. Think She turns Bond's for him. 179 shimmering city See
103) 0) text: Their yacht motors down the narrow canal. Vesper looks up at a passing building, a subsiding palazzo held in place by floats and an undignified girdle of scaffélding. Something about the image is disquieting. & eG OD avo A tourist in a Panama hat stands near he ilsnapping photos, pointing his camera in their (vex on. When he lowers his camera she sees that his gbasses have one darkened lens. Vesper studies hi ov\ja moment, then he lifts the camera again and point” just over her head.
103) 3) text: Vesper turns and follows his ae ees a fabulously bedecked wedding party ste ffom the church steps into their waiting gondolas. eter solved. James catches her loo! Bag et the wedding party and smile Vesper blushes ans{ge Ss Ee k to paddling. INT. FABULOUS 3! vine VENETIAN HOTEL -- MORNING 181 They are nak aga) and Vesper surfaces from the sheets and covers; fhayfully fighting Bond off. (es VESPER i to) enough. Stop. I can barely AY S 1k as it is. If you hadn't La he ‘noticed, it has been quite a while “¢ )) for me.
103) 12) text: And he goes after her. She scrambles £f* Mea and out of the endless tangle of covers. G
103) 20) text: a momtheoo e ‘% JAMES 5 ave, plenty. St VESPER
104) 0) text: oF Bond and Vesper step out of the crevaor (eri 3 arm. As they walk toward the front door someth} gat Kiés her eye. Bond follows her second glance, notic cD
104) 3) text: As they reach THE FRONT srergi( eo9 NS BOW) @) a Someone you know? i oN, exe NY aw7him on the canal.
104) 6) text: They Kise pn ‘ahe takes off toward San Marco Square. Only when she gone does Bond betray his suspicions. He steps Q THE HOTEL. ba t Vow S Gone phones the concierge and slips him a bill.
105) 0) text: James' handheld rings just as the doors close. Answering it:
105) 6) text: James enters and walks to ches sw, hoping to catch a glimpse of Vesper in the bi Rigeza. No trace of her, but Gettler, the man wit ee mama hat, and his tall friend weave through the crew James turns away from the room. He notices Vesper's window and looks around cell phone on the ake. or some reason this strikes him as odd -- she's nevi it behind before. His handheld rings and he a wee : vebin YY JAMES Ss (P we M (0.8.) 3 aN that's better; it sounded as ) 4£ you were in a lift. Eo Sy? “ , ») JAMES SY That is odd.
105) 12) dialog: I got your note.
105) 14) dialog: We'll talk about that later. Right now I have a lovely man from the Treasury here wondering if you're ever going to deposit the winnings. This hits James like a sledgehammer, but he betrays nothi
105) 24) dialog: Yes, I told them not to worry. So you'll be depositing it today. INT. FABULOUS SUITE - GRAND VENETIAN mR Oy 186 James thumbs buttons on Vesper's phone oy © OQ JAMES ee On my way to the bank r oS ow. James disconnects and dials me veld as he exits the room. INT. HOTEL CORRIDOR ee 187 Bond takes the stairs &s egs threatening to give way under him. He se sae fper's cell for messages.
106) 0) text: Assaulted by the noise and swirl of the crowd, his blood boiling, Bond careens through the crowds as he approaches Saint Marcos Square. He finds the BANK, looks inside -- no sign of Vesper. He steps back into the square, searchi for a trace of her in the crowds. He spots & flash of her dress and an aluminum briefcase disappearing Into an alle He takes off running. Follows her into. “) or \e7
106) 2) text: the part tourists eos cans of slop are emptied onto a garbage sc au hy flaps over rusting lawn furniture, boats li pak up awaiting repairs to their
106) 5) text: James stops; iO Sounds ech ak grouna him, water lapping, children's voice bouncing ote s. Then the distinctive click of Vesper's shoes on @ofe/ Bond slides his Walther from its holster and ea: eR. vO the pitch black corridor between buildings Hey or’ the silencer as he nears the mouth, and sees: yESY
106) 15) text: Bond under automatic weapon itis pa ray. Loses his an. CoS James dives for cover. Gettler grabs fen Rojee drags her Ny t silenced Walther in canal; kilis Bond heads off after Vesper ang Seepier
106) 17) text: ...PLI ‘ Ye grabs something in the dark, gets his wind b nal swings himself back up to the doorframe. wees) he-old woman is still screaming at him. Now he wes why
106) 18) text: In shafts of light coming through the slatted windows, he cah just make out that the floors have been removed. Huge inflated balloons lie in their place, to stop the house from sinking while the foundations are repaired. Half goat, Bond navigates the inch-wide stone shelf that lines the walls, all that's left of the floor. Following the distant, creaking sound of swaying metal, he reaches.
106) 25) text: They land on the balloon two flog a 4 Gettler's knife puncturing the rubber surface. A, H\jopens, the gigantic air bag splits and the two men pring: nto the basement, wrapped in yards of suffocatin spiastic. THE WHOLE HOUSE CREAKS LOUDLY, a terrible NOSE
107) 7) text: .s ~ James races to the next fl Non) dives across the divide. Vesper sees Bond working h wi around to the open cage door. She uses all her ' ath to fling herself across the cage and grab fe . She slams it shut just before 2 x Bond reaches it and di ive the hook home to lock it.
107) 10) text: Bond looks at kez the fuck is she doing? She forces something into nik hand -- the necklace. Sp Ne ¥ wees VESPER Hw see him-- ep I Bond vaqitfek the accordion door, it won't open. oN Bs, .
109) 0) text: James fights through the murky water, desperately chasing the sinking cage. ae eae!
109) 4) text: James yanks open the door, grabs her a surface. As the house falls around t pulls her up and pounds on her ches! a : the water out of her lungs. wl » Cs Coe SS As even their small purchase di: aQ0e) rs underwater, Bon finds a window and pulls her sate h him onto the shore.
110) 0) text: The same spot where we saw the lovers swimming. Bond's yacht bobs softly in the clear water. He sits on the bow, his portable computer in his lap, an earbud in his ear.
111) 3) dialog: -- he was kidnapped and they blackmailed her, threatened to kill him unless she cooperated. Mis should have caught it...
111) 13) dialog: We don't know. §& Rare know he was probably i Dey in which case she died ying to free a man who betrayed:he rom the start. sa edh dng?
111) 17) text: ie BOND velhis SYhoughts elsewhere) eft her cell phone, She must PRE own I'd check it. Py
111) 18) text: Sife knew you were you. vA (a moment) At least this clears Mathis.
111) 21) dialog: No?
111) 23) dialog: You don't trust anyone, do you “wee James? 201 202 203 204
111) 27) dialog: Then you've learned your lesson. Get back as soon as you can, we need you.
111) 29) dialog: ...I£ you do need time... C
111) 31) text: to save your Perhaps she even hoped they ould let her live, leave y' to in”peace. But she was a_ sma ivl; I'm sure she knew. he we going to her death. Bond takes thys inSbut doesn't respond. He pulls the plug from his “WS tosses the laptop into the Aegean. It's obvious, ism She made a deal. She ‘ait e: the money
111) 33) text: The laptop shorts out and the last image of Bond and Vesp disappears. It lands on the bottom of the rocky bay.
112) 0) text: Through the stand of cypress trees we spy a car pull up into the courtyard of a villa. A man steps out with a briefcase, Mr. White. His cell phone rings, he answers it.
112) 3) text: The cross hairs go from his head to his knee’<~ which explodes as it is struck by a SILENCED ROUND no.)
112) 12) text: The name James, Bond. And yours And as the camarA\g ms up to the heavens WE HEAR, for the FIRST Ge cpebtes ROL strains of the FAMOUS BOND THEME Ls CUT TO BLA CREDITS ROLL. “S oN)